T3H3 WEiTHEH.
■p»»». .«« mad* at San TmadBoo Cor
tlttrtar hfH. Min^wtf Twi^w<g4tt^ Deoem
ber SOa
g»n fimiiedtaoa *jod TlninJttj 1 -— CSoady
Friday, with rain] taJak to high soctb
wind*. A. G. McAUrs,
Ptitf "ict Forccastftr.
VOLUME XCVII— NO. 30.
DESPERATE FELONS ATTEMPT TO GET AWAY FROM STATE
PENITENTIARY AT FOLSOM AND ARE KILLED BY GUARDS
An attempt of convicts to escape from Folsom yesterday afternoon was frustrated by the guards. A terrific rain of bullets was poured
on the desperate K felons, three of whom were killed and five wounded. Two of the wounded may not recover. During the battle
two of the prison attaches were accidentally shot by their fellow employes, one of them seriously.
Eight of the Leaders
O1HJL dllxJL ± 111 CC
of Them Die.
Officers Are Wounded
Bullets Intended for
Convicts Strike
Two Freemen.
CASUALTIES AT FOLSOM
Convicts XiUod.
Vo. GC06, II. C HITXi, sent from Placer County for thirty-six
years for robbery.
Xo. 5789, D. J. QUDfliAX, sent from San Francisco for twelve
years for robbery.
No. 5494, A3IKLIO MORALES, sent from Marin County for life
Cor assault to commit robbery.
Convicts "VVoTzzidoci.
No. 5600, CHARLES CARSON", alias Brovvn, alias Wilson, sent
from 3Iarin County for life for robbery; shot In legs.
No. 3945, FRAXCISCO QUIJADA, sent from Los Angeles for life
for murder; fatally shot.
No. 5738, J. W. FIXLEY, sent from Mendocdno County for life
for murder; ebot in arms and Ie*.
Xo. 5885, DAXIEL KEIXT,' wit from San Frsacisco for seven
years for burglary; shot In leg an1 abdomen; may die.
■ Campbell; shot in leg; not seriously. i
Ofifroers "Wounded
' CAPTAEf MURPHX, accidentally shot in leg by a guard.
CHARLES JOLLY, guard* accidentally shot In neck; wound
dangerous.
• 8ACRA2££NTO, Dec 29.-J-A number of convicts at Folsom attempted
late this afternoon to repeat the successful prison break of 1903 and as a
* 'resv't three of them are dead and five of them wounded. In carrying: out
their plot they assaulted Captain of the Guard R. J. Murphy and Charles
•Jolly, stabbing Murphy in the back with on* of the crudely fashioned knivca
•they carried. t
JThe guards, in obedience to the standing orders of Warden Archibald
Tell, opened flre on the mutinous convicts. The persons of the officers of the
prison were not regarded as sacred by the prison force and they were not
. permitted to be used as shields by the conspirators. One bullet of the num
ber rained into the group by his own guards hit Captain Murphy in tha
le?, -while another struck Guard Charles Jolly in the back of the neck and
.. came out at his Jaw, producing an ugly and dangerous wound.
.• At the first shot Warden Tell rushed to the scene and with his maga
zint revolver kept up a fusillade into the crowd of convicts. As the War
den is a dead shot, it is probable that he did not miss his mark.
The attempted break was made at the rock crusher quarry, regarded as
• the place of all others at the prison calling for watchfulness owing to the
opportunities for escape it offers. The canal which leads from the dam to
j the 'power house at Folsom runs by the quarry and a email bridge crosses
it ta the prison railroad track. A guard armed with a rifle is stationed at
this bridge, while several guard posts overlook the track at various points.
I .The convicts who engaged in the break were all employed in the rock
•crusher, where 225 of the most desperate prisoners were at work. Captain
. " Murphy acts as general overseer about the rock crusher and spends consider
able" time there. Four other prison attaches, L. Daly, M. Hogan, Charles
Taylor and Charles Jolly, are employed there as "puEhere," to keep the men
. at xfork. At the time of the attempted break a large sledge hammer was
.thrown into the crusher, causing the ponderous machine to come to a
• standstill. This attracted Captain Murphy, Charles Jolly and Charles Tay
"l;>r to the crusher. Thereupon the desperate convicts rushed to seize Mur
. pfiy. Jolly and Taylor, succeeding only in catching the two first mentioned.
They also endeavored to take the other free men who managed to escape
. them. _ -\ • v.
GUAED3 OPEN FIRE OX THE COISTVICTS.
The scene ot trouble was under cover and the guards on the outside
could not see the struggle, although they soon had an intimation that some
thing was wrong.
The convicts, with their captives, made their way toward a small post
commanded 'by Guard W. H. Harris, who was armed with a trusty rifle
Five of the gang surrounded Captain Murphy and two of them had Jolly'
the murderous knives being held In position for immediate execution should
they attempt to free themselves. The prisoners had no sooner stepped
into the open than the guards commenced firing, and within twenty sec
ends fully one hundred shots had been fired and tha seven convicts were
on the ground helpless.
The convicts were very bold as they approached Guard Harris who
Bteod ready to act according to th*> standing orders to shoot regardless
of consequences. When within forty feet of him one of them gave the
command, "Hajid out your gun or we will stab Murphy to the heart." In
6*ead of handing out the rifle Harris sent a bullet into the fellow's body
end In <juick succession he pumped a bullet at each of the remaining pris
oners, who were trying to shield themselves behind Murphy and Jolly
"Bough House" Kelly, the last of the convicts shot, had borne Murphy
to -the ground with him and was under the officer for protection. With
T.onderful coolness and nerve Murphy wriggled about until Harris could
draw a bead on Kelly and one shot took all the fight out of him. In the
meantime bullets from other posts were flying thickly about, many of them
I striking the convicts. ; -> -
The guards who did the shooting, besides Harris, were O. C. Lewis
T. Foley and W. Gallagher, on post 11; L. Anderson, on 10; D. W WHev'
on 12, and J. Woods, on 13. »*"ey.
To have made their escape from the prison the convicts would have
had to go up or down the railroad track, through a long line of guards
They evidently depended on capturing Harris' rifle to successfully car™
out their plans. The knives used were big, dangerous looking weapons that
had evidently been concealed many months in the rocks.
■WABDEX ACTS WITH GREAT COOLNESS.
At the first shot Warden Tell rushed to the scene and gave orders for
his men to continue .their flre. Only the canal separated him fronT tha
fighting convicts, when he drew his own revolver and aided In the deadly
execution which the bullets were working on tha other.side of the canal
Drfage. . .
One convict, named Campbell, started to Join tha mutineers, but he got
no farther than half way across the bridge before a bullet stopped him
Continued on Pago 2. Columns 2 and 3.
The San Francisco Call.
JIU JITSU
VANQUISHES
A MASHER
San Francisco Miss
Astonishes New
York Dude.
NEW YORK, Dec 29.— Miss Estelle
Wyman of San Francisco gave an ex
hibition of Jiu Jitsu this evening which
all professors of the art, from Naga
saki to Hakodate, would have ap
plauded.
Miss Wyman came to New York a
fortnight ago and Is stopping at the
Hotel Mario Antoinette. At 7:45 o'clock
to-night she was on the northwest cor
ner of Fifty-ninth street and Madison
avenue, watting for a westbound car.
From a Madison avenue car sprang a
young man In all the glory of evening
attire— crush hat, opera top coat,
pumps, white tie— fine! When he saw
the attractive Miss Wyman he began
*> twist a blonde mustache in the most
captivating manner. He walked by her
two or three times, ogling at her. He
might have been in Tokio for all the
attention she paid him. Finally he
halted at her elbow, raised his hat and
spoke to her.
With a combined movement, quick as
lightning, Miss Wyman thrust her
right arm across the blonde mustache's
unmanly bosom Xinder his chin and
seized his left shoulder, put 'her right
foot across his ankles, grabbed the
small of his back with her left hand
and with both arms gave him a pull
and a shove. Before he had time to
think the young man was hurled head
over heels into the 'middle of Fifty
ninth street.
He Jumped up, picked up his hat and,
.hastily trying to rub the- sticky mud
from his clothing, ; hurried down Madi
son avenue.
Men waiting for the cars realized
what had occurred and they to^d Miss
Wyman they would have the blonde
mustache arrested if she said so. ' ■
"Oh, no, thanks/' she said, calmly,
"I guess he has been punished enough/
I learned some tricks of . wrestling in
the San Francisco: High- SchooL"
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 30, 1904.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
101^' THREE OP WHOM WERE KILLED AND THE OTHERS I
ROUNDED WHILE) ATTEMPTING TO < ESCAPE I FROM ' FOLSOM PRISON
YESTERDAY, AND TWO OFFICIALS WHO AIDED IN SUPPRESSING THE
REVOLT. t , . - j
SIGNATURES TO ACCUSATION
AGAINST BISHOP REPUDIATED
Churchmen Allege Trickery
Special Dispatch to The CalL
HUNTINGDON, Pa., Dec 29.— Every
one of the five men living here and
who axe published as having signed the
presentment against Bishop .Talbot re
pudiates his -signature. This vitiates
the presentment," as the canons require
that at least " three of the pr" esentors
must live in the diocese of the Bishop.
Not only : are the | signatures repudi
ated, but'two of the leading citizens of
Huntingdon, John Langdonand James
Denithrone, are decidedly opposed ; to
having, Bishop Talbot, placed on trial.
Much surprise was expressed by the
six men "'. whose \ names figure as pre
sentors when: they, saw that, they were
published 'as being, responsible for hav
ing Bishop Talbot threatened with
trial. '{' The signatures of the six . men
were, obtained to a; harmless typewrit
ten i request j to . Bishop Tuttle, .; as pre-
siding Bishop of the < Unl te*d States, I to"
take up the Talbot-Irvine squabble and
adjust -It. This ;was^ to have been" a
"sort : of i love • feast," as ' Deni throne ex
plained ; it to-night, ■ with ; no ; intimation
that . Bishop Talbot was .to be . humili
ated by. having, to' face, trial. : - ., . .
: NEW YORK, Dec/ 29— -Consternation
filled the New York camp of the pros
ecutors of 'Bishop Talbot when the
news reached this city that five of the
Huntingdon presentors had repudiated
their: signatures. A conference was
called and. the new 'aspect of the affair
was : discussed. , Dr. '.-; Irvine was called
up over the long distance telephone and
the conversation which ensued is said
to have been of a fervid nature. Her
bert, Noble, principal counsel for the
presentors, has from the first opposed
the giving, out of names/intimating
that publication might i defeat the ends
of justice.- There has been talk of pres
sure ibeing, brought to bear ;upon the
presentora, especially those who belong
to the Pennsylvania diocese, under the
direction 'Of Bishop Talbot,
IRVINE'S TRIAL IN QUINOT.
, QUINCY. > 111., i Dec. . 29.— After "twenty
years the contents of ; the verdict in the
diocesan * trial t of . "Rev. Ingram :. N. •• W.
Irvine// who was then- dean of the Ca
thedral ; of ; St. s John, In this city. ; has
been 'made public in its entirety.' It had
remained ;' pigeonholed ■ during ; all that
Continued on Pace 2, Column ; 6.
THE THBATE3UJ. .{
AliCAZAH— "O1<1 Heldtlberj."
OAUFORNIA^-'*Shor« Xena."
COLUMBIA— "Tb« Sultan of Sain."
CSNTRALr— "Th* Heart o£ Ch!c«s*. M
CHUTES— Vand«rin«.
nSCHER'S— VMderin*.
GRAND— *»The Dartlnc •€ thm OdS*.-
MAJESTIC— "A Contented Woman,"
ORPHBUM-t VandtvUU.
TIVOI4— **Kla« Dodow"
TWO BOWERY
CHARACTERS
TIRE OF LIFE
"Happy" and "Jolly"
Keep a Death
Compact
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
NEW YORK, Dec 29. — Two .'home
less men, fast friends in misfortune,
and known up and down the* Bowery
as "Happy" and "Jolly," became tired
of the struggle for existence . and 'on
Wednesday entered into a death com
pact. Their bodies were found to-day,
side by side in a room of the Union
Hotel, on the Bowery. A six-ounce
bottle of cyanide of potassium, con
taining enough poison to kill 'an ele
phant, was grasped In the hand of
"Happy." Letters to the public, writ
ten by each man, were found. Indicat
ing an agreement to quit together.
Under the names of George Webster
and George Brown the men had been
known at the Union Hotel for more
than a year. Whence they came, their
calling or former . station in ■ Ufa and
whether the names were real or as
sumed were matters Into which the
Bowery never inquired. Both were
fairly well dressed and were able to
write letters which indicated education
and culture. They were inseparable
companions and one never appeared at
the hotel without the other. They al
ways took a double room under the
names of -Webster and. Brown.
Cheerful In adversity, they soon.be
came known as "Happy" and "Jolly,"
but the letters they left told stories of
hardships and privation they could en
dure no longer.
"Happy" and "Jolly" will be buried
side by side in Potter's field.
SERIOUS CHARGES MADE
AGAINST A SUPERVISOR
Red Bluff Official Is Accused of Using
His Office to Better His Finan
cian Condition.
RED BLUFF, Dec. 29.— Three crira r
lnal complaints were filed last night
against .George* W. Vestal,. Supervisor
from the First District, in this county.
Fraud ~ and malfeasance In - office are
charged.- •,-•■•■' .
Vestal, in addition to being a Super
visor, is also a local butcher and the
complaints j allege that he Is Interested
In a contract to sell meat to the county.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
ACTOR'S AID
SOUGHT BY
THE FORGER
New Expose of tlie
MetMs of Mrs.
(Mwick.
Special Dispatch to Ta« Call.
• ST. LOUIS, Dec 29.— Harry X*e, the
professional impersonator, now at the
Columbia Theater, says that when he
was appearing at Keith's Prospect
Theater in Cleveland the week before
election word was brought to him alter
a I matinee performance that "a rela
tive ; wished to see him at . the st* see
door."
When Lee responded, Mrs. Cassle L.
Chadwick introduced herself and apol
ogized for calling for him' under the
guise of a relative, but referred to
"mutual friends." Then she asked If
he "ever impersonated persons oft the
stage."
On receiving a negative reply she re
ferred to a special reason for her pecu
liar rquest and. said that a few mo
ments of 4ils time to Impersonate a
"millionaire's son" who was to arrive
in Cleveland the next morning by spe
cial train would be rery profitable for
him.
Lee, during the conversation, had
been looking Mrs. Chadwick over very
carefully. He cams to the conclusion
that he was talking to a "crank" and
sought to escape through the plea of
an urgent engagement. He promised
to meet her the next day, but did not
do so.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Dec 29.— Th©
Plain Dealer to-morrow will print the
following:
"It was reliably stated last night that
Mrs. Cassle L. Chadwick will be re
leased on bail within a few days. At
least an effort will be made in that
direction. Mrs. Chadwick herself has
expressed her desire to terminals her
residence in the county's bastlle, and.
according to her attorney. Jay P. Daw
ley, she alone has tha deciding ballot
on the question.
" "Ball can be given in ample quan
tity,' declared Dawlej-. Tha minute
she wants to she will be released on
bail.'
"Mrs. Chadwick is reported to have
said last night that her original reasons
for refusing bail no longer existed and
she was now ready to avail herself of
the proffered aid."
FOUGHT WITH FREMONT.
Death Claims Well-Known Nonagena
rian In Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 29.— Manuel
Enriques, the last surviving soldier of
General Fremont's battalion In tha
Mexican war. died here to-day at the
age of .90 years. To-night four genera
tions mourn at his bier with the widow,
to whom he had been married Just fif
ty-one years.
Enriques was one of the best known
Spaniards in Southern California. Ha
had lived in Los Angeles ilxtjr-four
years.2
HARRIMAN CUTS
RATES ON SEAS
Begins War on the Lumber
Schooners Plying Between
This Port and Portland
SCHWEBIX TO THE FORE
Charters Vessels to Fight
Competitors in the Inter
est of Oregon Merchants
President E. H. Harriman of the big
Western railroad system and steamship
lines has declared war on the lumber
schooner owners engaged in ocean traf
fic between here and Portland. Yes
terday the first step was taken by the
railroad magnate to show the schooner
men that he means business, when the
.echooner Nome City was offered on the
Columbia River to carry lumber to this
City at a rate of $2 50 per 1000, which
is $1 50 less than the regular^ rate
charged by the schooners. This an
nouncement was followed by the dec
laration that the Harriman people
were ready to place several more
schooners on the route and that unless
the schooner men quit cutting rates the
Oregon Railroad and Navigaiori Com
pany, through which Harriman is act-
Ing, will carry on the war relentlessly.
Harriman's move is the result of a
recent protest made by the merchants
and jobbers of Portland to General
Manager Schwerin of the Oregon RaiU
road and Navigation Company, to the
effect that the schooner men were cut
ting rates below those of the Oregon
Kailroad and Navigation Company,
thus greatly injuring business in that
city. A representative of the com
mercial bodies of Portland was sent
to this city to confer with General
Manager Schwerin, who assured them
that he would take the matter up with
president Harriman and Trafllc Direc
tor Stubbs. The result was a decision
to charter several schooners and enter
Into competition with the schooner
men. The first vessel chartered was
the Nome City, the property of George
1*.' Gray & Co., having a carrying ca
pacity of 1.000.000 feet.
• The trouble has been agitating the
Portland business men for several
weeks. Some time ago Russell &
Rogers were operating the schooner
Kllburn between here and Watson
x-ille and It is claimed that the South
ern Pacific Company suddenly deprived
them of the business by cutting the
rate by rail to that point. In' conse
quence the owners of the schooner
were compelled to take off their vessel
and finally placed her on the coast be
tween here and Portland. They are
said to have begun the rate cutting.
It was quickly followed by the owners
of other schooners who find it profitable
to carry freight on deck and lumber
below deck. It Is also said that the
echooner men. who, in the recent pas
senger rate war with the Pacific Coast
Fteamsh!p Company, in which the Har
riman lines were also involved to some
extent, settled their troubles by an
agreement to a water rate of $12 50, as
against the Oregon Railroad and Navi
gation Company's regular rfite of $15.
Lately it Is charged that the schooner
men, encouraged by the increasing
passenger business between here and
Portland, as a result of the approach-
Ing opening of the Lewis and Clark
exposition, have been cutting their rate
to $10 and this fact is supposed to have
aroused the Indignation of. Harriman
and is expected to end in his making
a further move to block the schooner
men in their scheme to get more than
Harriman considers their share of the
passenger traffic. j
TRACING THE 3IOVEMENTS
. .♦ OF MRS. RKSSIE' BOUTOX
Colorado Police Find Many Persons
Who Saw Her With Milton
Franklin.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., Dec. 29.
Many new clews were received by the
jwllice to-day to strengthen and verify
the information which they already
fiad as to the time Milton Franklin,
alias Bouton, was in this city in com
pany "with Mrs. Bessie Bc-uton, " be-
Sieved to be the victim of the Mount
Cutler murderer.
The last trace the police have of the
couple dates back to October 20. Short
ly prior to this they are known to have
taken several drives in the direction of
Cheyenne canyon and were seen by
citizens. They also were seen climbing
the sides of Cutler Mountain.
The efforts of the police are now di
rected to ascertaining the time when
Franklin left this city, and whether
felone or accompanied by Mrs. Bouton.
■ Romance is a small portion of me
diocrity heavily diluted with - Imagi
nation. i < . ;"•; - . :.
•
0Thas.;&eUus tr (£a
. g, x c I u & x v c
JRi9h-(6raile Clothiers
J No Branch Stores and No Agents.
THAT SMARTNESS
GOOD DRESSERS LIKE
ABOUT THEIR CLOTHES
MUST BEAR EARMARKS
OP SCIENTIFIC DESIGNERS
OURS HAVE THESE VIRTUES
ALSO EXCLUSIVE FABRICS
A • n*w model
King Edward.
Crock. e o'a t '
T • r 7 twell
I and original
1 X^
Slearntj Street
oThurioiu Stotrfe
EIGHT CONVICTS SHOT IN A BREAK AT FOLSOM
Plot to Escape From the Prison Was Well Planned,
but Was Frustrated by Courageous Guards.
Continued From Page 1, Columns 1 and 2.
and he returned limping, with a wound in the leg and his desire for free
dom vanished. He is thought not to have been one. of the plotters, but
merely to- have deemed the, chance' a good one to get away.
Warden Yell Intended that the lesson which the convicts, were learning
should be as impressive as possible. Up to this time about fifty shots had
been fired, but only from rifles and re'/olvers. With a wave of his hand
the Warden caused the Gatling guns in the high turrets to send hun
dreds of their deadly pellets scurrying along the path which the convicts
bad hoped would, secure them their freedom. They did no harm other
than tear up the ground along their course, but the deafening discharge
and the havoc down the. roadway struck terror to the convicts and their
sympathizers. » • •
When the firing had ceased It was found that Guard Jolly was badly in
jured. A buliet from the rifle of one of the guards had entered his neck,
at the back and issued from the front of his jaw. The wound was a ghast- '
ly one. and it was feared that Jolly had but a short time to live. When
brought to the hospital and treated by the surgeon he revived and was'
able to speak. It Is thought to-night he will recover.
Captain Murphy was stabbed in the back by one of. the convicts, but
not seriously. A shot also struck the officer in the leg, and he limped with
difficulty to the prison. ' •
A general'lock-up of the prisoners 'followed the first appearance of'trou-'
ble, but enough of the convicts were still about to View the grew-'
some procession of carts wh}ch carried their dead and Wounded fellows
from the crusher quarry to the prison morgue and hospital. Not ona
of the conspirators escaped, and the only convicts who failed to respond
to the turnkey's call at the final lock-up to-night were the^three Tying
dead In the morgue' and the five more or less dangerously, wounded on: the
hospital cots.
VICTIMS OF THE GUARDS' BULLETS. :. . \
The dead and wounded convicts are: ... - . •-<- • •
The dead: ... , • '.""...
No. 5*606, H. C. HILL, sent from Placer County for thirty-six years for
robbery.
No. 57S9, D. J. QUINLAN, sent from San Francisco for twelve years for
robbery. .. . ' • ••. .. ' \
No. 5494, AMETIO MORALES, sent from Marin County for life for as
sault to commit robbery. f:\>, ..'...,
The wounded: t ' . "...
No. 5600,. CHARLES CARSON, alias George Wilson,, alias Henry Brown,
sent from Marin County for life for robbery; shot in the legs, bones shat
tered; will recover.
No. 3945, FRANCISCO QUIJADA. sent from Ix)s Angeles for life for mur- '
dir !n the second d»«Tee: -phot three or four times; will 'die.
No. 5738, J. W. FINLBY, sent from Mendpcirio County for life for, mur
der; shot three times in the arms and leg;" will . recover.
No. 5895/ DANIEL KELLT, sent from San Francisco for seven years for
burglary; shot in both legs, bones of legs shattered, shot in abdomen; may
die. • . . ;- -
In addition, a convict named Campbell, who. started to escape and then
changed his mind, was shot in the leg, but not seriously.
"I regard the experience of to-day as the nibst valuable aid to the main
tenance of discipline that could be Imagined," said Warden Yell In an.inter
view with The Call correspondent to-night "A conspiracy has been brew
ing In this prison ever since I took charge, looking to a break sucti as that
of the summer of 1903. The convicts were emboldened by the success of that
venture. They have been waiting for a chance to repeat it, and it came to
day with a result that the convicts shall not soon forget. They probably
thought we would not shoot, but they were fooled. One of them, after he
had crossed the canal bridge, went up to "a guard and demanded his gun.
Doubtless the convict thought the guard would recognize the force of pre
cedent and hand it over. Instead of that, he turned the weapon on the con
vict and blazed away. That was the signal for all the other guards in the
MAN PLUNGES
FROM HEIGHT
Herman E. Carlson Falls a
Hundred Feet tind Lies Un
conscious for Three Hours
For three hours last night Herman
R. Carlson, a stevedore of 2347. Nine
teenth street, lay unconscious at the
bottom of a 100-foot bluff immediately
beneath his home at the corner of
Utah street and Potrero avenue. On
regaining his senses, although his left
leg was fractured in three places, he
managed to drag himself over the
rough ground *.to a • point where -his
cries were heard by passing pedes
trians. ' ,
Carlson was repairing his fence at
the brink of the precipice shortly be
fore dusk. One of the boards gave way
and the unfortunate man was hurled
down over a hundred feet. In his
downward flight Carlson turned a se
ries of somersaults and landed on his
head and hands. * Although he fell from
a terrible heFght, the stevedore sus
tained only a compound fracture of the
leg and a laderated scalp. s r
When atd reached him Carlson was
sitting calmly on a rock, apparently
suffering little. He said he attempted
to reach the City and County Hospital,
two blocks away, but his injured limb
became too heavy to drag.
Carlson's wife-objected to his being
taken to the Central Emergency Hos
pital and stood at the top of the cliff
shaking her fist at the hospital attend
ants. The injured man was treated by
Dr. Glover. > :■
HEROES WELCOMED HOME.
TOKIO, Dec. SO, 11 a. m.— Admiral
Togo and Vice Admiral Kamimura
with their staffs arrived at the Shim
bashi station at 9:30 o'clock to-day.
Their journey from Kure to Tokio was
a continuous ovation. At an early hour
to-day the streets were filled and the
city was gayly decorated with flags,
lanterns and New Year's decorations.
The quiet, gray-bearded Admiral Togo,
in a blue service uniform, seemed em
barrassed at the noisy ovation. Rear
Admiral Shimamura, chief of staff,
laughingly elbowed forward Vice Ad->
miral Kamimura. The Junior - officers
were frequently forced to push the
crowd backward in an endeavor to
Clear the reaching hands. Finally Ad
miral Togo and Vice Admiral Kami
mura were freed from their enthusi
astic admirers and reached the car
riages sent by the Emperor to the sta
tion to convey the distinguished party
to the palace.
As Admiral Togo appeared a great,
hoarse shout arose, hats were thrown
into the air, arms were raised and
"Banzai!" followed "Banzai!"
Preceded by gendarmes the party
drove under triumphal arches, waving
banners and discharging fireworks
through cheering crowds to the Navy
Department, where a brief stop was
made, during which the congratula
tions of the ministers were received
and future successes were toasted.
BORROW BRINGS INSANITY.— Oakland
Dec. £9- — Excess of grief, it Is said, has re
sulted In the commitment of Susan Guthrle to
the asylum at Napa. She Is 70 years old and
twenty years ago lost a child, her husband
and a irrandcblld In quick succession. , Her
mind was affected and ever since she, has been
subject to deep melancholy, which has finally
made her violent.
PETER r B4RNTJ>r POTTS "
Gives a Slack Wire Performance
IN NEXT SUNDAY'S , .
' COMIC SECTION.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 30, 1904.
CLEVER WOMAN
IS SUMMONED
TO HER REST
Mrs; Belle W.; Conrad, qrie /of 'the
cleverest wrirrien in the. State/, and.; a
leader in fraternal circles., passed away
last night at the Mary Patton Hospital
on Post street. Two months. ago Mrs.
Conrad returned from an Eastern tour
in splendid health and" spirits, but.' was
soon after attacked by the illness that
caused her death. • . •- ■ . : • '-..•
, .Two weeks ago her condition became
so alarming that she was removed
from her home to the Post-street hos
pital, where Drs." 'Leland.' Talt' and
Huntington twice operated' upon "her.
But . the inroads of disease upon her
strength were too "great to withstand,
and in spite of the heroic attempts to
save her life she succumbed.-;.;' ,j;'»
Mrs. *Conrad was -born \x±, ; Spring
field, Tuolumne County, ( Cfif.. forty
nine years ago, andVreceived'?her-'edu
cation in her mountain home. Besides
hosts of friends, she. leaves two chil
dren, a son and a daughter, both
grown.
JEROME SAYS DODGE
HAS NOT CONFESSED
Will Be Tried for Perjury Unless He
Gives Evidence 'of Value to
the State.
NEW YORK, Dec. 29.— In spite of
persistent reports which have been cir
culated for several days to the effect
that Charles F. Dodge, the former hus
band of Mrs. Clemence Dodge Morse,
wife of Charles W. Morse, the banker
and former president of the American
Ice Company, has made a sensational
confession In connection with the
Dodge-Morse divorce- case, implicating
many persons, including several mem
bers of the New York Bar Association,
District Attorney Jerome said to-day
that Dodge had made no such state-r
ment. Since Dodge's arrival here from'i
Texas he has been held practically", A:
prisoner in the Broadway Central ; Ho>
tel, although he had been discharged:
upon his own recognizance upon*;Hi3
appearance In court upon suggestlbniQJT
the District Attorney. In his announqef;
mont to-day District Attorney Jerome;:
said: •
Ac yet Mr. Dodge has made no confession
and we will not take any statement from him
until his physical condition warrants him In
making one. He is not a State witness yet"
and until he jrfves some valuable information
he will not be taken as such. The man Is 'a
physical wreck now. and Is being cared for."ir
he shall prove of no value as a people's wit
ness, then he will be returned to the Tombs,
to stand tria! on the perjury charge. •
ARRAIGNED FOR MURDER
OF THEIR INSANE CHARGE
Asylum Attendants Formally Accused
of Killing Maniac Louis at Napa
Last Sumlny.
NAPA, Dec. 29.— Attendants T. D.
Shanahan and Oscar Retzman were
arraigned to-day on a charge of killing
Joseph R. Louis, an inmate of the
Napa Asylum.
;_ Sheriff Dunlap had in his possession
the clothing worn by Louis in ward B
at the time of his death. Assistant
Supervisor James Ranev testified at
the : Coroner's inquest that he : was in
ward B shortly before the death of
Louis and that the latter had. clothing
on at that time. Those who saw Louis
just after his death testified that he
had no clothing on at all, and none
was to be found In the ward.
This afternoon Shanahan and Retz
man .were taken before Justice Mc-
Knig-ht and arraigned' for the murde?
of Louis. -; District Attorney '. Benjamin
appeared for the ; prosecution ;^and At
torney L. E. Johnson : of ' Napa repte^
sent ed I the two defendants:, i It was de?
cided-to set Tuesday,- January 3, 1905,
at 1 p. m., as the time when they will
name the date, for the preliminary "ex
amination.
locality to follow suit. It is very unfortunate that any of the officers were
in the way of the flying bullets, but my orders were to fire and prevent an
escape at all hazards. I was soon on the scene myself and got busy with
■ my magazine revolver.'* v k/?Ti ■ v * *'v
MANY INVOLVED IN PLOT TO ESCAPE.
"Did you hit anybody?" the Warden was asked.
"Well, now, don't ask that," said Warden Tell, smiling. "Everybody was
shooting, you know, and some, of them hit, so let it go at that. I don't
know how many' sfidtaTI fired. I haven't had time yet to examine my maga
zine. I cannot say now how many were involved in or knew about this
move to escape. That it was a well planned conspiracy Is of course evi
dent.. The men were armed .with knives fashioned from such pieces of metal
as they could, in the course of months past, lay hands on and sharpen in
their cells. I shall make a thorough investigation into the whole affair. I
have known for a long time that this thing was coming, indeed, smce I have
been Warden I have broken up several plots to escape before they had got
as far as this one. The men Involved in to-day's break are what we call
bad prisoners. Most of them were in for life or long terms and they were
regarded as desperate, men. I think their plan was to. make off In. the direc
tion of Folsom and they expected It would be more or less easy for them to
run by one guard post after another. However, they did not get the chance
to run by any." i i'
■ • Charles Jolly, the wounded guard, figured in a heroic manner in the
big- break of 1903, and was badly cut by the escaping prisoners. His home
is In the town of Folsom. Captain Murphy ;'1vas likewise attacked, by the
convicts in the previous break, the escaping -prisoners using his body as a
shield against the fire of the guards. ' :.' ■ v .
Records of the Felons
Who Headed the Revolt
Francisco Quijada was under life sentence for murder committed In
Los Angeles. . He has been in Folsom Prison Blnce 1896.
John Quinlan was sentenced to twelve years'- Imprisonment for a rob
bery committed in San Francisco. He has been in the prison since August
16, 1904. "
G. W. Finleywas under life sentence for a murder committed in Men
docino County in 1897. -.:..-."
Daniel Kelly was recently transferred from San Quentin, where he .was
undergoing -a sentence of seven yeaars fur burglary committed in San
Francisco. He. was sentenced last November. Kelly previously served a
three months' sentence in the San Francisco County Jail.
Charles Carson was serving a life sentence for robbery. He had. served
some time before for, a similar crime.. .He has traveled under the aliases of
Henry Brown and George Wilson. . ..
Arhelio Morales was under life sentence. for assault to commit robbery.
The crime was committed in .Marin County. ..Morales had served nine years
previously for burglary. His present sentence was pronounced June 7, 1904.
, H. C. Hill bore the worst reputation of all-the convicts concerned in the
outbreak. He was serving his third term, thirty-six years, for robbery
committed in Placer County. In 1889 he was sentenced to seventeen years
for a similar crime and previous to that, under the alias of A. E. Dodge,
served five years.
• OAKLAND, Dec. 29.— Joseph E. Baker, former commissary of Folsom
prison, who was well acaualnted with Hill, or "Fargo," as he was known
at the prison, was seen at his home in Oakland .to-night. He said:
" 'Fargo,' as he was called by the convicts, was known to us as Henrv
Hill, but he dnce told my wife that Hill was not his right name, but he re
fused to tell anything more about himself.
"Hill waa serving his third term in prison, having been first sentenced
from Humboldt County for robbery. . His second sentence was also for rob
bery, and he was serving his present term for stage robbery, committed in
Placer County. He was wounded when he held up the stage. He was about
50 years of age." . ■ .
SOVEREIGN OF AUSTRIA .;
■ V FACES CABINET CRISIS
Resignation of Entire Ministry May
Follow That of Premier
von' Koerbcrs. '< ' '■
"* VlENNA, Dec: 29.— Though there is
no official announcement- of the «.c
ceptance df Premier von Koerber's
resignation it is positively stated that
he will retire. The only question
seems to be whether the entire Cabi
net will follow his example. If the
Cabinet resigns it is believed Emperor
Francis Joseph will ask the Ministers
to remain in office and that he will
[appoint a new head of the Ministry,
in which case the Cabinet will retain
its present character as a Ministry of
but? not as a Parliamentary
Ministry." * - ■•
Von Koerber's. retirement is attri
buted not so much to his, failure to
restore harmony among the various
nationalities in the Reichsrath as to
the fact that he has been' unable t6
dbtain Parliamentary sanction for the
Austrian p6rtion of the extraordinary
military credits passed by the delegai
tions. . ... t
•x r ADVEBTISEMENTS. _^_^^ 4 "
>«;.■■■ . V.-- • ...!.._: i_l__^___^^________ , '*,-;"-", <_-■•. »•■:• i ?' ii .-* '
■ Poiible Breasted, as Pictured, { \Q^^^^^^^^'W^
j/; ' :This price is made very low for the purpose
?6f /getting mothers to make a trial purchase • \ fi "^^p^^^^^H ::^
•j'lrjere and get acquainted with our merchandise * .- [ ]i^^^^^^Sm^.J
; Y : The^;pjcture speaks for. the style, our guar- 1| |^«4;^S mm. W%W
: aFrtee speaks for the goods and the price %._...JL '"^^^K^^S
We. would like to have you come down " WM WHS
town; but if you have not the time send the Wm WM
boy down himself — we will treat him right. . J&Sg ||f
Of 'course money will be refunded if you wish. :<^-'^
: N6 one* need keep anything from our store
that is riot perfectly satisfactory. v "
\ height. : , : . r; . .- ., I ?40 Market, Street, I .gate.-.^." .- • -•■■ . ;
GOVERNOR OP HAWAII
:. WOULD ADMIT CHINESE
Says ; . Preservation ' of Sugar Industry
Is Threatened by ELxclu
r- "..gion of- Coolies.
t WASHINGTON, Dec. 29. — In his an
nual report to- the Secretary of 'the
Interior, George R. ' Carter, Governor
of Hawaii, "urges in strong language
the amendment of the Chinese exclu
sion laws so as to. permit the utiliza
tion of Chinese laborers in the Ha
waiian Islands, and the modification
of the immigration laws so as to au
thorize the giving of assistance to
Portuguese worklngmen who may de
sire to emigrate to Hawaii. He says
the natives will not work in the fields,
and that the Americans cannot; hence
the preservation of the sugar and rice
industries is' seriously threatened by
the prohibition of immigration of
Chinese and the Inability to grant aid
to the Portuguese.
NEW YORK, Dec. 29.— The %\t\ who waa
found unconscious In Riverside drive and died
without regaining; consciousness was Identified
to-nl.bt by John ,F. Mangan as his sister,
Mary Manzan, who had been employed here
as a domestic.
DR. IRVINE TALKS
OF HIS QUARREL
WITH THE BISHOP
Continued From Page 1. Cohiran 5.
time because of an understanding
baaed on the condition that Irvine
would not appeal from the court's de
cision suspending him from the minis
try for one year. The present contro
versy, in which Bishop TaJbot and the
deposed rector of the Huntingdon
church are the central figures, resulted
in the publication of the document.
The verdict found Irvine guilty of
eleven out of twenty specifications
which were embraced in the general
charges of suggestion of what is false,
suppression of the truth, intention to
deceive, falsification . of official , docu
ment, falsehood, false swearing and
lascivious conduct The specifications
on which he was found guilt* covered
all of these general charges, and Irvine
was suspended from the ministry for
one year. He remained, for several
months afterward in this city, attempt
ed to establish an independent church,
held a few meetings in the opera-house,
performed a couple of marriages and
other priestly functions in defiance of
the decision of the diocesan court, but
finally gave up the fight and went
East.
CHARGES ARE SEXSATIONAIa
The court that tried Irvine met In
this city. in December, 1884. The trial
was a.lengthy one and the verdict was
not given until January, 1885. One of
the counts on which Irvine was found
guilty was the alleged misrepresenta
tion of an utterance of Mrs. Burgess.
The most serious charge against Ir
vine was made by Miss Maria W. Sea
body, a young woman with whose fam
ily he had become acquainted in Long
Island City, where Irvine was once
connected with. St. James Church. On
August 25, 1884, the young woman was
married to J. J. Miller, organist of the
Cathedral of St. John in this city. Two
weeks later she told her husband of Ir
vine's alleged conduct toward her while
in his home, alleging that he had sev
eral times invaded her chamber and
torn the bed clothing from her/while
she was asleep at night and that he
once tore her night robes from her.
No criminal act was charged. Miller
caused his wife to write a statement to
the Bishop, and' this, coupled with
other alleged reasons, caused the Bish
op to ask Irvine to leave the ministry.
Irvine refused and the trial followed.
BISHOP JIAY BE ARRESTED.
PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 29.— Friends
of Rev. Dr. Irvine have determined to
fight to a finish the charges preferred
against Bishop Talbot. ■ If a technical
ity in canonical procedure cause a
failure of the present presentment, they
will file a new presentment against the
Bishop, with charges of an even more
surprising character.
That the friends of the unfrocked
rector are powerful and men of means
is shown by the fact that nearly 200
witnesses have been summoned to ap
pear at Reading in Dr. Irvine's behalf.
The report of a possible arrest came
to-day in answer to an editorial by
John Fulton in the Standard, the local
church organ. Dr. Fulton is an ac
knowledged authority on canonical law.
In an editorial he broadly intimated
that, owing to the new canon adopted
recently In Boston covering the pre
sentment of a Bishop, the present pro
ceedings must fail. It was Impossible
for Dr. Irvine to sue for criminal libel
upon the letter concerning him, written
by Bishop Talbot to Dr. Samuel Up
john, because of the statute of limita
tions. It is now asserted, however, that
Bishop Talbot sent a - copy of the let
ter to Dr. Fulton last July and upon
this criminal proceedings, it is said,
could be begun if the friends of Dr.
Irvine found it was going to be impos
sible to get a hearing before the court
of inquiry.
Dr. Irvine's agents are busy delving
into the record of several persons con
nected with the case and upon some of
the Information thus obtained the pre
sentors may ask leave in secret session
to substitute an amended presentment.
Every effort Is being made by most of
the churchmen to eliminate from the
discussion of the case any reference to
Mrs. Elliott.
DR. IRVINE'S STATEMENT.
"May a Bishop or ought a
Bishop write defamatory letters
in secret in order to Injure any
member of ,the ■ ministry?" This
ia the question that vrill be decided
at the meeting of the board of lnaulry
in the case of Irvine vs. Talbot." aald
the Rev. N. W. Irvine, the plaintiff in
the celebrated case, to-day, in discuss
ing the" charges which have, been mada
against him.
"My reinstatement." continued Dr.
Irvine, "is of secondary consideration
when contrasted with the foregoins
query. Of course, I wish to have this
unjust deposition removed/ but I wish
also, entirely without malice, to be vin
dicated In the sight, of God and my
friends."
In discussing the motive for the ore
sentment. Dr. Irvine said that it -was
because he had persistently, refused to
serve communion to Mrs. Emma D. El
liott of Huntingdon, Pa., who is di
vorced, against the wishes of Blahoo
Talbot. |
"Bishop Talbot and I. alonsr with
about 1600- other members of the min
istry," said Dr. Irvine, "signed the
declaration which was sent to all the
Bishops and '" clergy" In the United
States and presented to the general
convention of 1S98, .and. which craved
for more stringent restrictions in the
matter of divorce and remarriasre.
"The canons of the church orovida
explicitly that a man or a woman di
vorced on any charge except one,
which must "be proved beyond th»
bounds of reasonable doubt, cannot re
ceive the holy sacrament. In the face
of this Bishop Talbot. while he pub
licly supported the petition, covertly
and by secret meetings with Mrs. El
liott, who is a woman divorced on the
ground of desertion, sought to have her
remain in the church.
"Now, who was the more consistent.
Bishop Talbot or I? Did we not. both
of us. sign the petition mentioned? I^»
it not curious that Bishop Talbot. al
though he had written me savins' that
Mrs. Elliott was, by canon, excommu
nicated,, should, by other methods.
seek to retain her as a communicant?"
THAT LETTER TO DR. TTPJOIIX.
Referring. to the letter which Bishoo
Talbot is said to have written- to Dr.
Upjohn, in which the former termed
Dr. Irvine a "plausible romancer,.''
charged that he waa deposed for gross
Immorality, and stated that "for twen
ty out of the thirty years of his serv
ice in the ministry he was under ecde-
Eia&tical discipline." Dr. Irvine said
that Bishop. Talbot has placed himself
In a most awkward position.
"That letter to Dr. Upjohn was un
warranted and cruel." said Dr. Irvin*.
"since it was. first of all. a gross sub
terfuge. It was used secretly as a
weapon against me to deprive me of all
sympathy, respect and even mainte
nance.
"In the first place, It Is an utter Im
possibility for the -allegations to bo
true. The church law requires that a
minister shall not be eligible to ad
mittance to another diocese when leav
ing one unless he bears the letter de
mfssary.' This letter shows that the
departing minister has a clear record;
that his life Is beyond reproach, freo
from error in religion and viciousnesa
in life, and must be signed by the
Bishop. How could I, therefore, be guilty
of the charges made against me?
"Bishop "Whltehead of the diocese of
Pittsburg. Bishop Adams of the dio
cese of Easton, Md., the last two dio
ceses in which I served, as well as the
Bishops of. all the dioceses In which I
lived prior to this, have given me these
letters, which secured me the dcslre.l
admission to new fields.
"Bishop Talhot has In his allegations
Indirectly accused his brother Bishops
of fraud upon the church in their issu
ance of these letters to me. The Bish
ops whose names he quotes in his at
tack upon my character have been
placed In a position which reflects dis
credit upon their reputations, or Bishop
Talbot's accusations are absolutely
false — and I know that the word of
these gentlemen cannot be Impugned."
.Dr. Irvine said in conclusion that he
was not a member of the Catholic Club
nor had he ever made any accusations
in the club or had word3 with Dr. Up
john. •'?.-?-
Headaches From Colils.
• tuOCATIVE BROMO QUININE removes tn«
cause. To ret the genuine, can for fall nuw
and look for signature nf E. W. Grove. 20c •
VALPARAISO. Chile, Dec, ».—• 8om« Amer
ican bluejackets who came ashore herw to-day
became intoxicated and creatfcl a disturbance.
The trouble was not sertona.DISCUSS EDUCATIONAL MATTERS
Epedal Discalca to Tbe Call.
• SAN JOSE. Dec 29.— There is no fall
ing off In the interest or attendance at
the meetings held In connection with
the CaUJorcia Teachers' Association.
Tn« teachers gathered early this morn
ing' to «njoy the sessions of the Ele
rneBtary School Association and the
HJgh School Teachers' Association.
The teachers were taken on excur
sions this afternoon over the Inter
urben Electric Railway to Saratoga,
Los Gatos, Congress Springs and
Campbell and over the Alum Rock
Railway to Alum Rock Park and the
ostrich farm. They had a delightful
time and when they returned this even
ing'they were loud in their praises of
the" hospitality extended. A lecture by
Jacob RUs on "The Battle With the
SJuin" • at the Victory Theater this
evening drew a large and appreciative
au.dier.ee.
•FVid'ay, the last day of the conven
tion^ will be a buEy one, as there Is
much important business to come be
fore the cession of the California
Teachers' Association. In the evening
RHs will deliver another lecture.
The Elementary School Association
convened this morning with George S.
W£lls, the president, in the chair. Elec
tien of officers for the ensuing year
was taken up, and resulted as follows:
President. Dr. Milton E. Blanchard,
Par. Francisco; vice president. Miss M.
E. Sherman, Oakland: 6ecretary-treas-
Hrer, Miss. Lois Peckham, San Fran
cisce.
The matter of adopting a* new con
stitution for the association came up
and Dr. Blanchard. chairman of the
committee, reported. The new consti-
GREAT REMOVAL SALE
AT POMMER-EILERS
STILL IN PROGRESS
Many of the Best-Known Makes and Choicest Styles of Pianos and
Organs Still Left to Choose Prom.
Regular $400 Styles Are Now $247, S350 Styles $218, Others Also
New and Warranted for $186 and Down to $123.
All on Easy Payments.
A. Few Brand-New Kimballs, Deckers, Hazeltons, Lesters and Numer
ons Other High-Grade Makes. Slightly Used Knabss and Kim
balls and Steinways and One Decker at Less Than Half Real
. Values. Everything Must Go Now. Note Prices of Good Square
Pianos and for the Bemaining Few Organs-
The remaining: handsome new and used
planoa, piano-players, organs, auto
planos. and electric self-playing pianos
th&t were offered for sale at the Pom
mir-EUers removal sale at such ridieu
idusly low prices must go during the
next few days.
There are about thirty instruments
altogether, but they are some of the
Cr.est and most costly styles.
" People living out of town should tele
graph, write or phone us at once.
The eale has reached the SI 50,000
rn»rk now, and to say that we thank the
purchasing public for the splendid pa
trpnage and the confidence reposed in
our house, end In our announcements
of" this great sale, does not begin to ex
press pur full appreciation, for the busi
ness done during the past few days ex
<*;eds by far our most sanguine^expecta
'tian.
THIS IS WHAT DOES IT.
It Is the fine pianos at the greatest
mark-down prices ever offered that has
accomplished this result, and no one can
be" happier than we ««re over the fact
th,at we are in a position to save our
patrons so much money.
Now as to prices. In a general way
we can state that nearly every make of
prominence Is still represented in this
sale. Nearly all of them are the latest
and choicest specimens of the *reat
American piano-makers, and some of
them are used — slightly used only; but
all are in every way as fine as new.
We offer a regular $600 style of the
famous Knabe piano, in choicest mahog
any, for $248.
An elegant $525 style of the Stein way
make for even $300 now. and another '
Steinway. also good but somewhat older
for $150.
A most beautiful, slightly used Decker
for $362. and an elegant mottled walnut
largest size Kimball that could not be
told from new for $275. These mean
virtually half-price.
ONL.T TWO OF THESE NOW.
Who wants one of the remaining two
beautiful regular $350 styles that are
r.ow offered to dose oat Quickly for
Other .fine brand-new uprights. In mod
erately plain cases, worth $275. $323
}Z60 and up to $400. Instruments that
cannot, be cold regularly by anyMealer
or agency for less than theae figures,
PROMIXEVT EDUCATORS WHO
ARE ATTENDING THE TEACH
ERS' CONVENTION AT SAN JOSE.
tution changes the name to the Ele
mentary School Teachers' Association
of California and states that it shall
meet in regular session with the Cali
fornia Teachers' Association; its object
is to promote the interests of elemen
tary education in the State. Any per-
are now marked to sell for $146, $137,
$194. $1€S and up to $247.
Bear in mind that evary instrument in
this sale can be obtained on the easiest
of monthly or weekly payments. Two
years' time to complete the purchase.
FOR THOSE WHO WANT THE VERY
BEST.
Then there are the grandest of largest
size hand-carved, brand-new uprights,
highest grade makes, such as are ordi
narily sold for $550. $600 and even $650.
Our sale prices on these will range from
$288. $318 and up to $356.
We want every one of the remaining
instruments out of the way by Friday,
and will not split hairs about the terms
of payment. . -•-'
Another of the famous Auto-pianos — a
piano with a player concealed inside —
put into space hitherto not utilized in an
ordinary piano case. Even the pedals
can be folded inside the piano case so
that no one would ever know ft from a
regular highest grade upright piano.
It is a fancy mahogany case and at
the price marked should find a buyer
before night.
THEN THESE ORGANS.
A couple of very fine church organs,
worth retail $250. are to go this week for
$128 and $13C. Easy payments of $5 a
month. If desired.
One chapel organ, renowned make,
plain case, retail $&5. now $57, payments
of $3 a month. JuFt the thing for a
small church or Sunday-school.
A number of parlor organs for a mere
song; we must simply get rid of every
one of them. Estey, $18; Mason & Hasa
lin. $28; Kimball, in very good order, $3$.
Three of the most beautiful piano
cased organs, in >bonize<I and mahogany
cases, at 10 per cent less than factory
cost Payments of $5 a month buys
them.
SQUARE PIANO FOR THE ASKING.
Two fine square pianos have come. to
us in part payment for new pianos since
Friday morning. Take choice of these
and two others for $35; still another.
$23. and a very choice one. that ought
to be worth $200 of any one's money, is
now $87. Pay $2 or $3 a\ month if you
like. *• .
We are determined now to close out
everything. The matter of value or cost
cuts no figure in this — we must attain
our ends. Our store will be wrecked
with the. rest of the building to make
room for the most beautiful office build
ing here In the city— a proposition, ac
cording to the latest plans, involving an
Investment of over $2,000,000. .
Remember the place. Pommer-Eilsrs
Music Company, California's biggest and
busiest and best piano dealers. 653 Mar
ket street, between the Palace Hotel and
the Examiner building.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', FRIDAY, DECEMBER 30, 1904.
Teachers Continue
Work of Their
Convention.
Papers of Interest
Are Read by the
Delegates.
son interested In elementary education
may become a member on the payment
o-f 25 cents per annum or $2 50 for life
membership. The officers are to be
those elected to-day, with an executive
committee consisting of four members
and the three officers.
DISCUSS TENURE OF OFFICE.
A discussion ensued, in which ob
jection was raised to its adoption on
the ground that it would tend to sep
arate the Elementary Association from
the California Teachers' Association.
It was finally decided to submit a draft
of the constitution to the executive
committee for further consideration.
The regular programme was then
taken up. Charles Hildesley of this
city rendered a vocal solo, "Love's Sor
row," and Mrs.' Ella B. McDowell fol
lowed with the solos, "A Red Rose"
and "Slumber Song." As an encore she
gave "Ben Bolt."
Professor Snedden gave an address
on "The Possibilities of Scope and
Method as Suggested by the New State
Arithmetic." It was an interesting pa
per and was greatly enjoyed by the
teachers. .
There was a large attendance at the
meeting of the High School Teachers'
Association, which was presided over
by Dr. Scott of San Francisco.
The first paper read was one by E.
M. Cox of the Santa Rosa High School
on "Tenure of Office." He was opposed
to legislating a teacher either in or out
of office. The present system of all po
sitions being declared legally vacant at
the close of the school year was de
clared to be vicious. He said a teachei
should be employed just as long as his
or her employment serves the best in
terests of the school.
A general discussion of the paper fol
lowed, in which the opinion was ex
pressed that the question of tenure was
even more urgent than the salary ques
tion.
"Professional Ethics" was the sub
ject of a paper by J. C. Chrlstensen of
the Point Arena High School. It urged
teachers to work toward attaining a
higher code of ethics in their profes
sion and was full of Instructive matter
to the teachers. /
ADOPT RESOLUTIONS.
An excellent paper on "School Activi
ties" was read by J. H. Pond of the
Oakland High School, and Perry T.
Thompson of the Lowell High School
read a paper on "The Management of
Athletics." ,* -
The County Board of Education Or
ganization elected P. M. Fisher presi
dent and A. A. Bailey vice president
and secretary. The California Teach
ers' Association will be asked to give
the organization a place In the next
annual programme.
The following resolutions were
adopted:
Resolved. That w e favor the present method
of certificating high school teachers with cer
tain modifications, "to wit: That the list o'
accredited institutions shall be largely in
creased; that each special hieh school cre
dential shall specifically state the qualifica
tions upon which the credential is issued to
the end that the county board of cduca'tion
may be enabled to comply with the constitu
tion in Issuing certificates.
Resolved. That we believe the public interest
would be best served by restoring to county
and city boards the power to adopt supple
mental books since these bodies are directed
by law to prepare the local courses of study
Resolved. That the power of county boards
in the granting of special certificates be ex
tended for the public interest rather than be
curtailed. <
Resolved. That it Is the, sense of this body
that the constitution of thfe State Association
should be amended so as 'to make the chair
man of this section a member of the general
executive committee.
EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE MEETS
Among those'in attendance who are
taking an active and prominent part In
the deliberations of the convention are
Dr. Margaret E. Schallenberger and
George S. Wells. Their opinions on
matters pertaining to educational ad
vancement are eagerly sought by their
fellow delegates.
The executive committee of the Cali
fornia Teachers' Association met this
afternoon. The accounts of the asso
ciation were audited' and other matters
considered, which will be embodied In
a report to-morrow.
A meeting of the Alumni of the Uni
versity of California was also held.
There was a small attendance, owing
to the fact that many of the teachers
had gone on the pleasure trips.
An Immense audience greeted Jacob
Rlls at the Victory Theater this even
ing. A piano solo was rendered by
Warren Allen and Charles Trowbridge
pave a tenor solo. The subject of .Rlis*
address was "The Battle With the
Slums." He depicted life in the slums
of New York City and told of the strug
gle to bring about a better condition
of affairs among the poorer people and
the cleaning up of tenements.
Interest centers in the meeting of the
association to-rnorrow afternoon, when
reports of the council of education and
committees are to be made and resolu
tions Introduced. •
■. CHARGED WITH EMBEZZLEMENT.— WU
11am Bristol wm arrested yesterday, for mis
demeanor embezzlement. He waa employed as
a collector by Hale Brother* and on Saturday
got for collection a bill for $24 75. He did not
return to the store. ; It is alleged he collected
the money and appropriated It. •■-.>■ , :
OAKLAND BOY
IN SAD PLIGHT
Found on Texas Desert in
Pitiable Condition, Due to
Exposure and Starvation
HIS MIND IS A BLANK
Mother of Lad Communicated
With and She Sends Money
to Bring the Youth Home
Special Dispatch to The Call.
EL. PASO, Texas, Dec. 29.— After
wandering for an Indefinite period on
the desert in a demented condition, his
clothing in tatters and his food such as
he could gather unobserved at night.
Robert Heider, the sixteen-year-old
son of Mrs. Maggie Heider of Oakland.
Cal., was rescued by the authorities of
Stanton, Texas, and is now aboard a
Sunset Limited train in care of Dr. J.
R. French, returning to his old home
on the Pacific Coast.
The boy was found in an old building
on the plains near Stanton. He was in
a pitiable plight and unable to give an
account of himself. His mind was a
blank and he was unable to tell his
name or place of residence. He was
identified by means of letters found in
his pockets. A memorandum book con
tained notes showing that he had been
to the World's Fair and led those who
read them to believe that the lad had
lost his mind since leaving St. Louis,
probably through hardships encoun
tered.
A telegram to the boy's mother
brought a prompt reply. She wired
$200 to the Sheriff with instructions
that the small lunatic be sent home in
care of some competent person. Dr.
French agreed to make the Journey and
arrived here to-day with the- lad chain
ed to his wrist. The boy is apparently
a hopeless idiot. He has lost one eye
and is a wreck of humanity.
FAITH IX CAPTAIN HOWZE
SHOWN BY PRESIDENT
Executive Appoints Officer Once Ac
cused of Cruelty to Filipinos
Commandant of Cadets.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 29.— By direc
tion of the President, Captain Rob
ert L. Howze, Sixth Cavalry, now sta
tioned at Fort Keogh.Mont., has been
appointed commandant of cadets at
the United States Military Academy at
West Point from June 15, 1905, to re
lieve Lieutenant Colonel Charles G.
Treat, artillery corps. Next to the su
perintendent of the academy the of
fice of commandant of cadets is the
most important in the institution and
carries with it the rank of lieutenant
colonel.
Captain Howze was one of the of
ficials charged by Genera) Miles with
having abused and ill treated Filipino
prisoners. These charges were the
subject of two searching investiga
tions, one conducted In this country
.and the other in the Philippines, and
resulted In the complete exoneration
of the officer.
Ille^nl to Sell Transfers.
NEW YORK. Dec. 29. — Justice
Olmsted handed down an opinion in
the Court of Special Sessions holding
that tha law against the selling or
giving away of street railway transfers
is constitutional.
SAN* JOSE. Dec. 20.— Lee Look, who mur
dered Lee Wing four years ago. and who re
cently was sentenced by Judge Tuttle for the
third time to be hanged, waa taken to San
Quentin to-day.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
£ ■ . ..._.
vi rs »ti . - '« ;i m\. «■ t mmmmmmm^ mm^ m^^ Don t i u ci crc these
Offered. 740 Market T Street them.
LAW SON MAY
HAVE SETTLED
Persistent Eumor to the Ef
fect That the Boston Man
Has Been- Bought Off
VERIFICATION LACKING
Iteports Have It That the
"Frenzied Finance" . Ar
ticles Are to, Be Stopped
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON, Dec. 29. — Rumors of a Law
son settlement were more persistent
than ever to-day. No verification of
the report that Everybody's Magazine
has changed hands and that the "fren
zied finance", articles will be stopped
could be had, nor of the report that
Lawson is about to take a trip to Eu
rope. Lawson could not be reached at
his home or office and it develops that
he is locked up at a hotel in conference
with some one and refuses to accept
any messages or to be interviewed. "
It is not believed thai the stories of a
settlement are well founded except that
threats have been made to Lawson. It
is understood ' that some time ago a
friend of H. H. Rogers offered Lawson
$500,000 in settlement, but that Lawson
claimed Rogers owed him $1,000,000 and
would not settle for $500,000. Rumor of
a check for the larger amount from
Rogers to Lawson has been current for
several days, but Investigation by a
news agency has disproved the rumor
at its source every time. v
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Four New Postmasters In California
Appointed — Teacher In Indian
School Named.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 29. — The
Postofflce Department announces the
appointment as postmaster of Sam
uel P. Marshall at Oak Run: August
W. Fitzer. Fall River Mills, Shasta
County; J. C. Rocher, Independence,
Inyo County; John P. Day, Sherman,
Los Angels County.
Miss Clara J. Whltehead of Rolling
Prairie has been appointed teacher at
the Indian school at Riverside, CaL
Army Orders.
WASHINGTON, Dec 29.— By order
of the War Department the following
designations of officers to conduct pro
fessional examinations of first and sec
end lieutenants for detail in the ord
nance department, as contemplated in
general orders 196, December 28, are
announced: For Philippines Division,
the chief ordnance officer of that di
vision; for the Department of Califor
nia (excepting Hawaii and the Depart
ment of the Columbia, excepting
Alaska), the commanding officer of
Benicia arsenal; for Hawaii and
Alaska, such officers as the division
commander shall designate.
First-class Private Alfred Tederov.%
ordnance department, now at the
Army General Hospital. Presidio, when
fit for duty will be sent to Springfield
Armory, Springfield. Mass. Post Com
missary Sergeant William Hartlaub,
now at Fort McPherson, Ga.. having
relinquished the unexplred portion of
the furlough granted him from Fort
McDowell, Cal., will be sent to Fort
Mansfield. R. I. Post Commissary Ser
jeant William Ekeller Is relieved from
further duty In the office of the pur
chasing commissary at San Francisco
and will be sent to Fort McDowell.
NEW YORK GIRL
WEDS JAPANESE
Brown Steward of the
American Warship Dol
phin Wins White Wife
NEWS CAUSES SUEPEISE
Bride-to-Be Attends to the
Procuring of License and
Engaging of Clergyman
Boeolal Dispatch to The Call
CALL BUREAU, POST BUILDING,
WASHINGTON, Dec 20.— Klsoge Sato,
Japanese steward on the United States
steamship Dolphin, and Miss Ellen Ray
Campbell of New York were married
here yesterday after the bride-to-be
had performed the usual function of
the husband-to-be In obtaining the
license and engaging a clergyman.
Sato had kept as quiet about his mat
rimonial tendencies as General Oyama
Is about campaign plans in Manchuria-
He obtained liberty from the Dolphin
last night and met his sweetheart.
They were qjiletly* married by Rev. I*.
Holmes Lamar, rector of Wilson Me
morial Church.
When Sato announced his marriage
on the Dolphin this morning the officers
joked him about it until he covered his
smiling face with his hands; abashed
at being the center of so much atten
tion.
PHILIPPINE TARIFF RATE
SUBJECT OF DISCUSSION
Sccretary Taft Confers With President
Roosevelt About Duties In the
Islands.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 29. — Secretary
Taft. who is engrossed Just now with
matters pertaining to the Philippines,
had a conference to-day with the
President regarding questions relat
ing to the archipelago. The Secre
tary desires that the proposed reduc
tion in the tariff on Philippine sugar
and tobacco should be provided for at
this session of Congress and he Is urg
ing his views strongly with all mem
bers of Congress to whom he has op
portunity to talk.
, Taft hopes to obtain a rate on sugar
and tobacco imported from the Phil
ippines of 25 per cent of the regular
Dingley rate. He intimated -to-day
that negotiations had been Initiated
looking to a possible compromise on
a Philippine tariff rate, but It was too
early to predict what the result of the
notifications might be.
TOURNAMENT OF ROSES.
Beautiful Festival at Pasadena Jan
uary 2, 1905.
'The sixth annual tournament of 'roses will
take place at. Pasadena January 2. 1906. The
floral parade will be a magnificent one, and
the programme Includes Roman chariot races
and many unique features. Seventeen hun
dred dollars In prizes will be given away, and
a joyous time is assured for all visitors. *
Californlans in Washington.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 29. — The fol
lowing Californlans .are registered at
the Hotel Raleigh: L. M. Fletcher of
San Francisco and Mrs. Mary Ban
ning, Mrs. Lucy Banning and W. J.
Vail, wife and children of Los Angeles.
PARIS. Dec. 20. — ITnlted States Senator "Wil
liam A. Clark of Montana, with his wife and
child, will sail for New York on board the
North German Lloyd steamship Kronprinz 'Wll
helm on January 4 and will take up their
residence in Washington. D. C. Mrs. Clark
has lived several years In Paris.
BRITAIN NEEDS
A BETTER ARMY
"Little Bobs" Frankly Dis
cusses Shortcomings of
England's Fighting Force
HE OPPOSES COMPULSION
Field Marshal Sajs War in
South Africa Made Plain
Albion's Weakness in Field
LONDON. Dec. 29.— "The Army as It
Was and as It Is to Be" Is the text
under which Field Marshal Earl Rob
erts, In the January Nineteenth Cen
tury, reads Britons a noteworthy lecture
on the duty of all classes if Great Brit
ain would meet the demands of modern
warfare. After frankly pointing out
existing deficiencies, Earl Roberts
writes:
A terrlflo lesson awaits the nation whose »ol
&ier» And themselves opposed by equally brave
but better trained opponents on the field of bat
tle. No amount of money, no national aacrt
flces will then avail, tor modern warfare move*
iast. and time lost in peace can never be>
ma«2a up during tba ttress of a campaign. X
hold this view vary itrongrly and would ur»»
my fellow countrymen with all the tore* at
my command u> look the plain {act* in d»
face.
Earl Roberts does not advocate com
pulsory service, "because it is distaste
ful to the nation and incompatible with.
the conditions of an army which has &
large proportion of units in foreign ser
vice." but maintains that Great Britain
must have a large reserve force. Ha
continues :
If the citizens of so great and prosperooa a
nation as ours are to remain exempt from
compulsory aervlc* In time of peac» without
the safety of the empire being endangered,
the right class of men mutt ba attracted to tit*
regular army by good conditions of pay and
pension, and It is the boucden duty of til*
state to see that every able-bodied man la
this country, no matter to what grade of so
ciety hi may belong, 'wide reots som* kind of
military training in youth sufficient to enable
him to shoot straight and carry out maple
orders if aver his services are required for na
tional defense.
Earl Roberts Interestingly review*
the changes of the last fifty years, de
scribes the military system prior to tha
Crimean War and points out how tha
introduction of modern suns necessi
tated the complete abolishment of the
Idea that men must be mere machines.
Officers, he says, are no longer directly
able to control the men, because tha
fighting formation has been changed,
and therefore tha men must have a far
higher standard of individual Intelli
gence, while among the officers intelli
gence, self-reliance and type of leading,
men must be on a proportionately
higher leveL
The sooner this Is realized to the full
est extent. Earl Roberts says, the bet
ter for all ranks when the hour of trial
comes.
Earl Roberts says the report of the
committee on the war In South Africa
made it clear that much is still needed
before Great Britain has an army fit in
all respects for war with a modern for-
elgn power. Among other things, he
said, she must have a larger proportion
of mounted troops for rapid reinforce
ment and In order to quickly/ seize
points of vantage. He refers to the
action of the Government in ordering
new quick-firing guns for the complete
re-equipment of the army.
Simultaneously with Earl Roberts'
article, it Is officially announced that
160 batteries will be supplied with new
guns at a cost of $17.500, COO and that
the order will be executed within twen
ty months.
CITY PRISON OFFICIALS CHANGED.—
Chief Wittman Issued an order yesterday trans
ferring Sergeant Richard Bldwill from, tJi»
charge of the City Prison to desk sergeant,
and Desk Sergeant Thomas I*. Tobln to charts
of the prison.
34
WIFE SAYS HER HUSBAND
HAD THREATENED KEELEY
Mrs. Bruce Melcalie Declares Jlurder Was Not Due to Conspiracy
A woman's uncertainty and a woman's
Tvhljps and carricfes led to the murder
of 'Edward Bruce Metcalfe early yes
terday trioraing. In the unraveling of
the tale of love and tragedy there was
.found a thread of circumstantial evi
'dence. «hat seemed to vaguely lead to
the conclusion that Metcalfe was killed
as the flnaje of a desperate plot, in
which his 'ftife and her companion were
the chief plotters.
Edward Keeley, -an ironworker, with
■whom Mrs. Metcalfe has been Intimate
for a long time, is suspected of having
ehot Metcalfe to death; Mrs. Metcalfe
is eupposed to have lured her husband
to 22ifc Seventh street, where the Ehoot-
Ing ioo place, for the purpose of giving
Keeley. opportunity to pick a quarrel
with him. The man who has been most
emphatic In advancing thia theory is
John Metcalfe, a brother of the mur
dered man. who lives at LO'j Gough
street.
Last evening Mrs. Metcalfe stated
jjositively that Keeley was seen in the
hallway after the shooting. She also
added that her husband had freauently
threatened Keeley's life. In her opin
ion KeeJey had learned of her meeting
with her husband and hurried to the
latter's lodging to fir.d her. entering
ju*t as a fight between herself and
Metcalfe was taking place.
In the divorce courts yesterday the
case of Metcalfe versus Metcalfe was
to have be?n brought up for prelim
inary hearing. This suit was Instituted
by Mrs. Annie Lou Metcalfe. Bruco
Metealfe's wife, who was a Miss Hill
cf Auburn before she married Metcalfe,
a traveling photographer. In Sacramen
to twelve years ago. That Mrs. Met
calfe should have sought her hus
band Wednesday night at 10 o'clock
and consent to accompany. him to his
lodgings at 22 *± Seventh street under
the^e circumstances is considered one
cf.the thins? in the case that is puz
zling the police.
The pair met at 10 o'clock p. m. at
Market and Seventh streets. They
Immediately went to the room that
had" • be*n occupied by Metcalfe and
remained there, wrangling, fighting
and drinking, until early in the
morning. According to Mrs. Metcalfe,
who has been closely questioned by
Captain Burnett, chief of detectives
and by Detectives Whitaker and Cole
man. Metcalfe abused his wife, struck
At the Great Big Store
With the Little Rent,
Will Buy a Ready-to-Don Business
Suit That Would Cost $15 Elsewhere
', Some day you will become tired o'f
paying for that which adds riotriing to
the value of your clothes— high rents,
wasteful advertising, extravagant store-
keeping. methods. 1 . Then we will have
j you' for a customer.
The dressy young fellow looking
for something natty and smart—the
man of maturer years whose ideas run
to quiet elegance—the strenuous busi-
ness man who favors the most practical
sort end the workingman who seeks
sturdiness, can find the clothes of his
choice in our great stock.
The Great Big Store With the Little Rent.
Cor. Kearny and Sacramento Sts.
VICTIM OF AN ASSASSIN'S BL*L
LKT AND HIS WIFE. WHO IS
UNDER ARREST.
her several times and was beating her
when a loud rap came on the door.
3IUUDERER ENTERS.
"Who is that?" shouted Metcalfe.
There was a low sound, as of some
one cursing and eaying, "Let me In,"
and then the photographer Jumped
from his bed and opened the door.
Mrs. Metcalfe. according to her story
to the police, ran from the room to the
rear of the bouse. Regarding what
happened thereafter she made state
ments that were contradictory In essen
tial points. First she said that when
she left the room she hid in the back
hall and a few minutes later saw a
man come from the Metcalfe room
"who looked something like Keeley."
Later she declared that Keeley was the
man who came from the room and that
he had done the shooting. Captain Bur
nett gave orders that no one but police
officials interview the woman until her
story could be put in shape for legal
evidence in the trial.
To strengthen the theory that there
was a plot to do Metcalfe bodilv harm
or to murder him Detective Whitaker
offered Captain Burnett evidence to
show that Keeley had procured a pistol
about three days ago.
To the police documents was attached
the story told by John Metcalfe, which
he repeated to an interviewer, as fol
lows: --*t:\
For some time I have been «ust>lclous that
my brother was poir.e to get into trouble with
his wife — that 1«, serious trouble. I knew that
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 30, 1904.
Keeley lived In the eame house with the
woman at 603 Eddy street, where Mrs. Met
ca.!fe occupied a room near that rented by
Keeley. They were continually in each oth
er's comj>ariy. Several night* ago 1 accom
panied my brother to his lodgings and as I
was passlns down Seventh street I noticed
Mrs. Metcalfe and KeMey lurking In a door
way. I then urced my brother to come home
with me, as I was afraid that there was a put
u^ job en hand to do him up. He did as I
requested.
HAS BEEN" THREATENED.
Bruce has told me that he was threatened
by his wife and that Keeiey and she were
planning to g« married as soon as the divorce
was cranu-d. The fact that Bruce was going
to file a crops complaint In the divorce pro
ceedings on the grounds of intemperance and
Infidelity angered Mrs. Metcalfe. There was
no doubt that she was much Infatuated with
Keelej- and was anxious that her marriage
with, him be hastened.
Lodgers at 22^ Seventh street say
that -the mysterious woman in the
case" was heard In Metcalfe's room
at an early hour of the evening* She
was heard to say "Good-by," • Boon
after which Metcalfe went out of the
house. The woman is supposed to be
in no way connected with the shooting,
and was undoubtedly only ohe of the
several . women with whom Metcalfe
is said to have been intimately ac
quainted. Mrs. Metcalfe's answer to
the charge of conspiracy was as fol
lows:
I do not know much about the circum
stance* of this case. I was so excited, so
surprised at It all. AH I know Is that at 1:45
o clock in the morning I heard a loud knock
at the door and my husband ran to the fore
and called out loudly, "Who Is there? " I got
out of bed Just as the door was opened and a
man whisked past me. I ran to a room In the
rear of the building. There was a flash and
two shots. and the man, who looked something
like Keeley, ran down the hall and out or the
place.
The woman's other statement to the
polio* -was that she "saw Keeley run
out. He did the shooting; I am inno
cent."/
The detectives visited the lodgings
of Keeley an hour after the shooting
took place and made a careful search
of his room. The landlady of the house,
G03 Eddy street, is Mrs. A. M. Fox, and
she said that there was not a more
sober, pleasant man than Keeley
among those to whom she has rented
rooms.
KEELEY'S CHARACTER.
"Keeley is a structural iron worker,"
said Mrs. Fox, "and he was employed
on the new lV>stoifice building. He
never made any trouble, and was not
a drinking man. To prove to you
what kind of a heart he had, I had a
litter of kittens that I wanted drown
ed and asked him if he would attend
to the rather disagreeable job for me.
He laughed and replied: 'If you would
buy me some milk for them, Mrs. Fox
I think I would rather feed them than
drown them.' A strange contradiction
in human character, isn't it?"
Keeley claimed to have been a great
friend of F. H. McCarthy and Eugene
Clancey. union leaders. Keeley is said
to be an ardent unionist.
Last night Mrs,. Metcalfe was allowed
to talk freely with newspaper men.
She answered questions put to her. by
Captain' Burnett and the reporters and
said that contradictions , in former
statements were due to the excitement
under which she had labored when ar
rested. She said in part:- r,-v
I am positive I saw Keeley in the hall and
I am equally as positive that he shot Metcalfe
I am confused as to whether there was a rap
ping at the door before my husband opened it'
but I do know that he had been striking me!
and when the door opened he started to chase
me down the hallway. I ran to a closet, then
to a bedroom, and saw from the latter ulace
tlie fl«*h of two shots.
Keeley has no folks here. Metcalfe's father
!■ . a farmer on Robert* | Island, Sacramento
I left Keeley at 8 o'clock and went to Mot
calf e ■ room; he went to his union lodge meet-
Ing. When I did not return at mldnlgha 1 eup
pos« he thought I was at my. husband 7 * room
ami he followed me to the place. I was In
need of money and went to Bee my huaband
for the purpose of begeing him to give me a
few dollar*. He forced me to remain with
him, but did not slve me any rnon'ey. I <lld
not get away because he would not let me: he
detained me by force.
\es. there was another woman In the room
when I arrived, but she left the place as soon
as I came In. She said she was there *o see
a man named. Charlie Moore. She had nothing
whatever to do with the case.
Mrs. Metcalfe then added that her
husband had often threatened Keeley.
He had visited, the ironworker's lodg
ings the afternoon before the shooting
and had hammered on the door. She
had heard her husband make threats
to kill Keeley. •','■•
Detective Whitaker found , that the
pistol that Keeley carried and with
which he probably shot Metcalfe was
given to him by one Sample, a lodger
at 603 Eddy .street. There had been
some f trouble between Sample' and
another man and the former was afraid
to carry a weapon," as he , was not sure
that he could control his temper -In a
fight and/ might get himself into
trouble.
."Keeley never threatened any one,"
added Mrs. Metcalfe. .-. "He is a ■ small,
Inoffensive man and I have never
MISSING HEIR
IS IN STOCKTON
Fortune Awaits Edward J.
Lawson, Salesman in a
Furniture Establishment
PREDICTION COMES TRUE
Is Told by a Clairvoyant
That He Soon Would Re
ceive Big Sum of Money
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
XEW YORK, Dec. 29. — Heirs to the
estate of Jacob Lawson, a manufac
turer who died recently from acciden
tal asphyxiation at his home in Brook
lyn, are seeking to locate his son, Ed
ward J., supposed to be somewhere in
the West.
Lawson, who was supposed to be
only fairly -well off, was found to have
left an estate amounting to J 1.500.
000, to be divided among three sons
and a daughter. The missing son,
Edward, is said to have gone to Cal
ifornia some years ago after a dis
agreement with the father, but re
cently was heard' from In St. Louis.
STOCKTON. Dec. 29.— Edward J.
Lawson, heir to a share of the estate
of Jacob Lawson of Brooklyn, is a resi
dent of this city and a salesman in a
furniture store. Lawson said to-day
that his father's home had been in
Augusta, Me., but that he had lived in
New York for a time. Lawson left
Augusta two years ago and came to
California. Since that time he has not
heard directly from his relatives in the
East. His father was well to do, but
not a millionaire.
The news of Lawson's good fortune
is remarkable by reason of a peculiar
cc incidence. Lawson a rew days ago
visited a local clairvoyant and had his
fortune told- He was informed that
there was in the East a large amount
of money belonging to him and that
he would hear of it shortly. The for
tune teller professed to be unable to
give him any further particulars. Law
son said that the words made no im
pression upon him until a reporter
showed - him the dispatch from New
York. He is not at all enthusiastic
over his prospects, but will place him
self In communication with his rela
tives.
G1LA FOREST RESERVE
OPEN TO THE CATTLEMEN
Interior Department Decides to Per
mit Immense Herds to Graze on
Arizona Lands.
EL PASO, Tex.. Dec. 29. — What Is
generally regarded as a concession to
the stock growers of Arizona Is the
decision rendered by the Interior De
partment at Washington permitting
sheep and goats to the number of
125,000 and 25,000 head of cattle and
horses to graze on the Gila Forest Re
serve for the season of 1905.
N'ot more than 10,000 head of sheep
or- goats nor more than 7000 head of
horses and cattle for a single person
will be allowed grazing.
known him to carry a pistol, not even
the»cne that Sample gave him. My
husband, , however, has threatened him
and threatened me.
"I never said to any one that I heard
Ed (Keeley) say 'Annie, we've got him
this time' I do not know anything
about any threats regarding the di
vorce."
Charles and Ethel Byrne, who occu
pied rooms opposite those of Bruce
Metcalfe. said that they had repeatedly
heard rappings at the Metcalfe door
and the response "Get away from
there." They did not see Keeley. but
think It likely that it was he.
Keeley is described by the police as
short of stature, weighs about 140
pounds and wears a mustache, no
beard. He is a native of Kentucky,
and his former home was in Louis
ville. ;> .V' /i - ■
AUBURN, Dec. 29.— Mrs. Annie Met
calfe, whose husband was killed this
morning In San Francisco, was born
and reared in Auburn. Her aged par
ents, Mr. and Mrs. James Hill, and her
three sisters— Mrs. W. H. Dickerson,
Mrs. J. C. Smith and Mrs. William Ma
cey—all reside here and all are re
spected. Annie Hill was married to
Bruce Metcalfe twelve years ago. He
was then a resident of Napa, but trav
eled around the country taking pic
tures. About four years ago he suf
fered a stroke of paralysfs while at
San Jose and had been mentally unbal
anced ever since. At times he was
very bad. Four years ago Mrs. Metcalfe
was willed several thousand dollars by
a Mr. Veach of- San . Francisco, whom
she had nursed. Nearly all this money,
so the . relatives here say, Mrs. Met
calfe Mas spent in trying to cure her
husband. For a long time she had him
in seclusion at his parents' ranch on
Rough and Ready Island, near Stock
ton. He was attended by expert doc
tors on insanity.
N'ETW LIMITED SERVICE;
Over Southern Pacific's Sunset Route.
The Southern Pacific's winter service over
the great Sunset Route . will be formally inau
gurated to-day.' December 30, when the Golden
State Limited wlir start 'on the first trip of Its
third season, running between Los Angeles and
Chicago via El ■ Paso and ' Kansas City over
the. lines of the ;" Rock Island system. The
equipment of ' this famous train will be even
better . and finer than before, and will Include
electric lights, -steam heat- and every other
modern, convenience.- It will carry drawing
room sleepers between ■ San Francisco and St.
Louis and between Santa ' Barbara and Chi
cago, and will be made up of dining, observa
tion, library and - modern sixteen-sectlon tour
ist cars besides the sleepers.
A second train, carrying Pullman standard
and tourUt sleepers and dining car, and mak
ing the run to Chicago in less than three days.
will leave Los Angeles dally at 1:45 p. m. over
the same route.
- The Sunset Express, running: between San
Francisco. Los Angreles and New Orleans, will
continue . to give ' its fine : service daily upon
former schedule. , This popular train will be
provided. . however, with . greatly Improved
equipment. Including composite observation
car containing gentlemen's smoking-room and
a large parlor-: for ladies, an observation .ro
tunda belnjy at : : rear of train. These new ob
servation cars are a' distinct advance in travel
comfort, and It is expected that they will prove
the m6»t attractive feature of passenger travel
adopted in recent years. •
TIRES OF ; MORPHINE.— Everett Newman,
a morphine fiend,. 24 years of age, \ was before
the Insanity Commissioners yesterday. He
asked to be sent to a State hospital where he
could bs cured of the morphine habit. He was
committed to Uklah. ■ .
FREE A FREE
PLUM PUDDING
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
LIBBY'S
HOME-MADE -
PLUM PUDDING.
Free With Every J Small Ad in
Sunday. Call.
See ; Small 7 Ad Page for Further
Particulars.
APVKKTISEaiJblX'1'S. ___.„.,_,
To-day we offer you this Kitchen Set of twelve pieces for about one-sixth of what you
would have to pay elsewhere. It's like buying two pieces and getting the other ten free. *Every
housewife should have a set.
• /fi^h) &r rsz4*. ( $$$vi!fo Sale Begins at* f
/^^\\ /s\!l x Vcgetable Grattr - !
bA\ I -ly^SZiSBr M n ( /$s ' i x Eureka Flesh Fork tined >-
y^vSl t Iwlf f^ J) y^MVV /#//■ * Marion Harland Ear« Whin, J
/vAjf nWr I till wWr] 12— Count 'em— A Dozen! !
I Yonrs to own for oiJ y- 1
MAKES A PLEA
FOR FILIPINOS
Better Government in the
Islands Desired by East
ern University Professor
CHICAGO, Dec. 29.— Professor Paul
Relhsch of the University | of Wiscon
sin made a plea for better government
for the Philippine Islands before the
American Political Science Association
to-day. His subject was "Colonial Au
tonomy."
The speaker declared the
States Is carrying. out a mixed policy of
assimilation and autonomy through the
assimilation of our institutions. He as
serted that he did riot believe In such
assimilation as would give the Filipinos
statehood, because our experience with
the negroes and Chinese he believed
has shown that there are some races
that will not assimilate.
The afternoon session was devoted to
a discussion of the "Open and Closed
Shop," papers being read and speeches
made by a number of college professors,
business men and representatives of the
trade unions.
Professor John R.^ Commons of the
University of Wisconsin, in 'discussing
the "Causes of the Union Shop Policy,"
said: ■■;/ . ;*,
The union shop is labor's protective tariff.
It Is necessary where that kind of protection
Is not found. Wages In Government employ
ment depend on politics and universal suffrage
and do not need the protection o* the closed
shop. Railway employment is similar and the
railway brotherhoods are protected by a. long
line of promotion, while the scale of wages
is issued as a general order by the company
and applies to non-unionists as much as to
unionists.
The ■ machinists' union, which is compelled
to protect itself by closed shop agreements In
general manufacturing, makes only open shop
agreements on railroads. Where employment
Is in the hands of small comDetlng contractors,
as In the building -and clothing trades, the
closed shop is necessary. The non-union con
tractor, with cheap and imported labor, would
drive the union contractor out of business. In
tne stove Industry, bituminous coal mines and
others, the agreements are open shop, but this
Is because the employers' associations are
strong .and willing enough to enforce the
agreement on all of their m-mbers. which the
unions could do only by strike or closed shop.
In these cases, the open shop question Is only
academic, because one association does not try
to destroy the other, but only to destroy the
excesses of the other.
John Graham Brooks, president of
the American Social .Science Associa
tion, read a paper entitled. "The Issue
Between the Open and Closed Shop."
He said in part:
There Is little use in discussing this subject
apart ■ from the temper and purpose of the
pHrtles involved. A good many trad- unions
have used the closed shop principle and its
weapons both brutally and stupidly, but plenty
of employers are using the open shop in a
spirit that is probably more dangerous to social
welfare than th* coarseat ruffianism of the
trade unions. Side by side with these ex
cesBt-H we have open and closed shops in which
business is conducted with admirable and com
mon satisfaction. There Is not the slightest
d»nper that the closed shop will become uni
versal In this country. Strong and well dis
ciplined unions do not need it.
A. Piatt Andrew of Harvard Univer
sity spoke of "Credit and the Value of
Money."
Professor David KInley of the Uni
versity of Illinois read a paper on "The
Relation of the Credit System to" the
Value of Money." In speaking of the
influence of the credit system on prices
Professor Kinley took the ground that
in general a business community will
make its exchanges with credit or by
money, according as one or the other
Is cheaper at the time, saying that the
credit ■ system is really a regulator of
prices and allows changes In the vol
ume of .business without making nec
essary any' change -In the supply of
money. , /
Professor J. Lawrence Lauchlin of
the University of Chicago read a paper
on ' "The* Theory of Prices."
LOCATION OF COURTHOUSE
IS CHANGED IN A NIGHT
South Dakota Crowd Tears Building
Down "and Moves It From One
Town to Another.
•■ ABERDEEN. ■• S: , p., Dec. 29.— The
crowd of men who went from Selby
to Bangbr Tuesday ■ night and carried
off by force the county records In the
courthouse and then left word that
they would return last night for the
courthouse itself kept their promise.
The building has been torn down and
piled on wagons and was hauled to
Selby in. sections and rebuilt- to-day
Although, the action of , the Selby men
has . aroused much bitter f eeline, the
Bangor residents made no resistance.
BANCROFT MAY
GET THE TITLE
Report From Chicago Says
He Is to Be General Man
ager of Southern Pacific
The latest report going the rounds of
the Southern Pacific Company's new
offices pn California street is that Act-
Ing General Manager W. H. Bancroft is
to become the permanent manager of
the big Western system of the Harrl
man lines on Monday next. Yesterday
a prominent officer of the Southern Pa
cific Company received a letter from
one of the heads of the Harriman lines
in Chicago rn .which, the writer, says
that Bancroft is slated to fill the posi
tion-of general manager of the South
ern Pacific, recently relinquished by C.
H. Markham. In addition to this inter
esting information the letter says that
Bancroft will soon retire from the posi
tion of general manager of the Union
Pacific, to the duties of which he has
been unable to give much attention
since he came to this city.
The writer says it is generally under
stood In Chicago that J. M. Graber,
general superintendent of the Union
Pacific, is to succeed Bancroft as gen
eral manager of the Western system
of the Union Pacific, and that W. L.
Parke of Cheyenne, superintendent of
the Wyoming division of the same road,
is to be Gruber's successor as general
superintendent. W. A. Whitney, assist
ant superintendent at Cheyenne, is
slated to become superintendent of the
Nebraska division, succeeding W. A.
Deuel, who it is said will return to Den
ver to assume the duties of superin
tendent of the Colorado division, suc-
fyf ' T^ Newest Thing in the Piano World. %*\
H *u 7? e FirS , t S omplete P ia no— a Weber Piano with I'l
fcl tne Metrpstvle Pianola inside. Nothing better can be y !
R| loreseen or expected, and nothing better is demanded V'l
B S wfv° iai i O -" nbe v pIay , ed with the hands in the (;'
M V^ wav. and it can be played by the oerson who JM
fcj Knows nothing: of music and nothing of the kevboard f j
Pi ot a Piano. Surely nothing more could be desired. | j
|:;| The Weber Pianola- Piano is handsomely IrJ
§»j illustrated and very completely described in i J
hM album books we are now mailing out. One will a
Ej3 be mailed to you upon your request: or, bet- » I
EM ter still,' call and see this piano. Glad to have f ' f
|Ji V° u do this, even though you may have no no- I :}
1^1 tioa of buying. It will be a revelation to vou. J',;J
gMi We sell the Weber Pianola- Piano on monthly t 1
pM Exclusive Agents San Francisco and Vicinity. f i
1 KOHLER & CHASE 1
Kd (The Largest Music House on the Coast.) \t
f| Cor. Post and Kearny Sts. j
THE ONION SISTERS
and
BIR. CORN FRITTERS
Are at Outs.
IN NEXT SUNDAY'S
COMIC SECTION.
ESCAPES WITH A FTNE
AFTER KILLING A GIRL
Paris Court Gives Ii»ht Punishment
to Antomobllist Who Ran Down
a Yorais Woman.
PARIS. Dec. 29. — Senor Avellaneda,
son of a former President of the Ar
gentine republic, who resides in
Paris, has been sentenced to one
month's imprisonment, a fine of $100
and $2000 damages for an automobile
accident -which occurred last June. A
young woman who was run down by
Avellaneda's machine died the next
day. Developments at the trial led the
police to prosecute the owner, who. wit
nesses declared, was handling the car
himself.
Three Lose Lives In Fire.
GENESEO, N. Y., Dec. 29. — Three
persons lost their lives in a fire that
destroyed the farm residence of
Charles McMillan at the head of Cone
sus Lake to-day. The dead: Charles
McMillan. Lottie McMillan, his sister;
Frank McMillan, his nephew.
ceeding H. E. Ferris, who will resign
that post to accept a position under Ed
ward Dickson, general manager of the
Kansas City, Mexico and Orient Rail
road.
Acting General Manager Bancroft
was not inclined to discuss the report
last night, saying that he had not been
officially advised who is to be made
the permanent general manager of the
Southern Pacific Company
ADVERTISEMENTS.CHARGES OF MISCONDUCT
ARE NOT SUBSTANTIATED
Members of the State Board
.; of Pharmacy Exonerated.
Investigating Committee Files Re
port With the Governor.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
§AjCHA2IENTO, Dec 2».— John F.
Davia. F. ZL Hatch and G. R. Lukens,
■who were appointed by Governor Par
flfce to Investigate the charges cf ml«
c«nfiact preferred acalnit the State
Ecard cf ■ Pharmacy, have completed
'tjielr labors and filed a report which
practically exonerates the accused of
ficials. It 1* admitted that the board
■waa careless in tome particulars, but
the inquiry failed to substantiate the
charge, of dishonesty. The report Is In i
part as follows;
. The funds oT tee board were properly ao
ecusted for. The office of the State Controller
jstde a c.ss'.cj Investigation cf the financial
arairs of th» board shortly before our ln
vefUgatloc t*gan and Colcnel W. W. Douglas.
Deputy State Co.ntrcller, testified at the hear
tr%, Th9 board made a settlement with the
State July -6. 1*0*. ur.der which It paid into
.a* special fund ir. the Stat* treasury a balance
cf J2S67 22 derived from the pharmacy law
of 1S«C1 and $s37 90 derived from the Itinerant
ver«er law cf March 20. 19Ot. aggregating
r . is.
Previous fcoerfis had never pall anything
lite the Star* treasury, though thers was a
email balance on hand each year. It is true
re «etti«s:ecT was ever mad« by this board
■*iih the effis* ot the State Controller until
Vfc:s year, but it is also tru« that the board
e*uled as soon as requested and that no re
cues* for settlen:e=t by the State was ever
cade until tt's year.
*.X*o items were disclosed durinr the exam-
Ecatlfla by the Controller's office which were
bpen to objeeticn. one being a eet of per
drc-nns. a»d lees for hold-ever meetings of a
' committee formed by two members of the
board- which will be commented on later,
and the other being three items aggregating
K»T for attorneys' fees Cor looking after two
.>£f!at!ve kills requested of the board, one an
asifsisiftt and cne an original bill, to be
a^aettd by th* .tate Legislature.
WANTS LAW AMENDED.
• This expenditure was unnecessarily incurred
■ V t -* is a kind of expense not to be encouraged
ty..a State commission. Colonel Douglas sug
gests that "the Jaw should be amended so as
l« place a limit on the amount of cornpensa
'tioc that could be drawn in any one year.
a?, in .the -ca£« cf the managers of our State
h'.+F:tais for the Insane, and In this sugges
tion •** cencur. Whatever change may be
cd\ irabie is this direction, however, the fact
fCBiaiaa that th« financial affairs of the board
.are- in £«rreet shape, the accounts and vouch
er; are correct and there is no controversy be
i\i-e<"rc the board and the Controller's office.
We .come then to the matter which pr»
ripitated this lr.culry. Soon after the an
nouncement of tha results of the examinations
held by the board en April 12. 190*. and the
tf-.F'ee "following days, for admission to prac
tice as iictntlstfs and assistant licentiates,
various interviews and articles appeared in
tf.p public press of San Francisco and Oak
ls_nd charrlns the board broadly with favorit
ism at these examinations, stating that certain
<rueszioH5 given at the examination had been
piven rut :n advance to certain favored pupils,
.shat cribbing had been allowed, that discrim
ination hard been practiced !n the time allowed
for answering in some examinations, that dis
crimination had been practiced in marking
5«c.pers" and that outside friends of certain
scholar* had been allowed to be present and
aid tiiein. These articles held up the conduct
.% thes-e examinations as a fraud and a fright.
* 'CHARGES NOT SUSTAINED.
Your ccrnnittt* made a very close and pa
tient examination of ail the evidence obtaln
atle on this j>o;nt. There are two vacancies
on -the board. Dr. Crowley cf the board, it
-rcay be remarked in the beginning, was not
present, at the holding of there examinations
«md therefore ths phase cf the Investigation
does not concern him. but refers to the other
that ;aemberti of the board. It may be re
marked also that there were no formal charges
o; ar.y kind presented araintt the board, yet
th«» b*"4rd offered every facility for a complete
ir.vestrgatlcn.
FTorii the evidence r-resented we do not be
lieve -that there was any conscious favoritism
' cf any pupil or class of pupils in the ex
an-.'.rAticn room, though, as shown below, cer
tain liberties given to outsiders did operate
to. the! digadvantage cf certain pupils. We
"*fcel satisfied that the board tried to maintain
ns(ipr.!n the examltiation room and to prevent
. jaJking-* and ' cribbin*." and that, until this
IlliislilslliML they believed th<>y had succeeded.
That there wis some cribbirrr, as Is apt to
J-appe'ntin any examination room, we are satls
f.'ed — lh'. t art.' that there was considerable.
• We -feel certain, however, that the beard
'difi the'.! 1 -.best to prevent it. but in their care
to "watjh, •^rne pupil* of whom they were eus
pi«;ious-. they cnw:<ticgiy left opportunities to
' < tberS whoa they were not watching. They
•^4 ere "not UD-to-dat* In the methods of pre
.Venting cribbing, and at the investigation
. themselve* learned at least one new method
, «f cribbing that bore testimony of the re
swtjrcefulnew of the modern female student.
• . EVIDENCE INCONCLUSIVE.
With reference to the tlnae allowed the lden
. tlT.is.tlon cf drugs. In the examination held in
that eabject. Mls« Ruby Fisher complained
that ehe did not have sufficient time to finish.
■ sind that others had mere time than «h« did.
■Part of Ihe scholars were examined upstairs
and part downstairs. Those downstairs could
easily be seen through a skylight by any one
«o desiring from a pc!nt en the floor above
outside the p'ace where those upstairs were
examined. Miss Fisher did not have a watch
tj;< day she was examined In this eub'ect. and
<io*» not claim that «he actually timed any
cse, net even eer*elf.
■ Thers is eo evidence that exactly the same
cumber cf pcplls went upstairs as remained
iowcrtalrs, and the fact that some time after
Miss FisheVa examination wae over she went
back upstairs, and, upon looking down through
th» Skylight, iiw raplls still taking the ex
aminations downstairs Is not conclusive that
they were being given more time downstair?.
The evidence is undisputed that the pupll«
both upstairs erd downstairs were examined
In relays cf lavr at a time, and that Miss
■ AD\~ERTISEMEyTS.
M New Year's fj
i Prpcpntc
I J I
From a stock of un-
usual merit we offer
a selection to salt
the most critical
taste.
THE NA1IE.BOHM- I
BRISTOL CO.
STANDS AS A
GUARANTEE O F
8 A T I S F A CTION'
IN QUALITY AND
PRICE. :::::::
jBohm-BristoICo.
' Jewelers end
",/ SSvcrsnuLhs
I J 104-110 Geary Street* l/\
FRENCH SAVINGS BANK
315 Kcstjro=iery Street. \
Ccpit2l paid cp S 600,000
liteds pail! to depositors . 1,656,228
CTfAS./TARPT. PreeSCeat.
AV.TU C/n. LEGALLrrr. Vice President.
!.!:'« IJOCQL-ERAZ. Secretary.
JOHN Gl.VTV, At£L Secrets !7.
BISECTORS:
,;•' iC /ttiftuT. <~\ips. Orr}'. l/xn KauSTcua.
". i.-<to, J. B. CIct. A. Roea.
J-"a &.c<piin.%. i. M. L*ap««. A. ijexlU-i,
J. A. ISerscrou 1. f. Ooueau. J. i: ilzc'k.
lrtemt xz.:<! on deposit* Loans made on
R*i.l lisi'itc end ticrevtj eccurltles.
Flcber end the remaining ladles who went up
stairs were examined in the'flrit relay.
The professors tvho held the examination up
stairs testified positively that the first reUy,
beisr the ladles, were really g-lven mon tlm«
than they should hare been riven, to-wlt: more
than ten minutes each, while the meaVen held
down to the ten-minute rule more strictly, and
the professors downstairs " testified that every
one who desired was allowed about ten min
utes. Furthermore. Miss Fisher answered all
the Questions in Identification, and consequently
more time would have dene her little good In
that subject.
No one else made any complaint on this sub
ject, and from the evidence we are convinced
there was no intentional discrimination in this
rerard, and believe that there was no actual
discrimination in the matter of the time al
lowed to any one in this examination.
SHOW .\O FAVORITISM.
The testimony tpon the question whether
any questions had been communicated to any
favored pupil !n advance was entirely hearsay,
except the positive testimony by way of denial
that any 6ach questions had been communi
cated. Each professor claimed to have pre
pared hi* questions upon the subject in which
he examined shortly before putting them on
the blackboard, and the testimony was con
vincing that no one could have obtained infor
mation except from the professor himEelf con
ducting the examination. Dr. Crowley pre
pared his questions and handed them over to
another professor to put upon the blackboard
just before leaving for Glen Ellen, which wae
Immediately before the examination began.
Miss Alice Desponds seems to have had the
good will of some of the professors, and Pro
fessor Finger even -went so far as to assure an
inquiring pharmacist in writing, after her pa
pers had been handed In but before any an
nouncement of the result had been made, that
he would be secure In employing her. ! He ex
plained to the commission that he had suffi
cient access to the information to know that
she was going to pass, and therefore he saw
no harm in aiding her In this way to a posi
tion.
Miss Fisher testified that Mies Desponds told
her before the examination when the exam
ination in pharmacy was coming on, and that
she said Professor Finger had told her. Pro
lessor Finger thereupon made the statement to
the commission that when It was decided
among themselves (meaning the examining pro
cessors) when the pharmacy examination was
m i!L on * ,.'w was no secret . and anybody
would be at liberty to know It.
There was some hearsay testimony by Miss
TiVL r£ 8 t0 . vh « th er Professor Flint had told
Miss Desponds Just before the examination in
pharmacy that one question would be the dif
ference between decoctions and infusions and
jun before the examination In materia medica
that one question would be the distinction be
£!* a «, coc ° a . s - «<=-. and that ln\each Instance
Professor Finirer had told him.
XO CORROBORATTOX.
The attempted oorroboration went to Dleees
on cross-examination and the positive direct
testimony by Professor Finger. Professor Flint
and Miss Desponds was a denial of it all.
f^f ° r JT 112 " te «lfi<«l to his habit of as
sembling his pupils, among whom was Miss
Desponds, in his laboratory, which was near
1011 w°°. m - and 8 1vln <r them a final
ccachhig' just before the examination, warn
£*.!w1 m . Wh^ la Ws J ut5 *ment. they would
be likely to be examined in. and the commis
ilcn feels, in view of o,, positive direct testi
mony, that the hearsay testimony of Miss
Fisher on this point waa probably a misinter
pretatlcn of some statement to her by Miss
Desponds as to what took place sit these
coachings.
Whether or not there was discrimination in
making the examination papers of the April
examination could only be dMermlned conclu
sively by a comparison of the markings given
to the answers cf the various applicants. The
question* -ave been preserved in the number
ti ,^. n Fraacl » co *nd Pacific Druggist of
May, 13(M; no answers have been preserved
except tho?e of Miss Fisher. A relentless
questioning convinced the commission that they
had net been purposely destroyed.
The first board appointed had a custom of
preserving the answers for two years but
with the change of secretaries the custom
teems to have been discontinued altogether.
Miss FiFher did not claim that her papers had
been unfairly marked. Aa a matter cf fact,
they were fairly marked. They are exhibits
in this case, and the markings speak for them
selves. Her standing in Identifications caused
ber failure, end in that she claimed ahe did
not have enough time, as stated above.
MISS EDDY COMPLAINS.
Miss Eddy made the same complaint as to
Identifications, yet, though she and Miss Kddy
were given about the same time in the exam
ination. Miss Eddy was given another exam
ination In identification, while she was not.
The answers to Miss Eddy's second examina
tion in identification of drugs, though neces
sarily later than Miss Fisher's answers in
the first examination, were not preserved, while
Mies Fisher's were. Furthermore, without
Miss Eddy's other answers it would be impos
sible to tell whether the latter's answers were
more leniently marked than hers. The ques
tion !e Hot whether Miss Fisher was too se
verely treated In the matter of marking, for
we are convinced that she was not. but whether
MIes Eddy and others were too leniently treat
ed in this regard. In this sense, whether or
not there waa discrimination In marking the
papers could only be determined by a com
parison of the other answers and the mark
lngB. and the other answers are lost or de
stroyed.
That there was no general discrimination
against Miss Fisher we are satisfied, but
whether the hoard was warranted in giving
Mlso Eddy a second trial we have no evidence
to determine. The board preserved Miss Fista
er*s anrwers because her cousin had made a
protest In her behalf; but with a stupid want
of consistency they do not seem to have real
lied that the question of discrimination Is a
relative question, and to have afforded a com
plete proof would have necessitated a pres
erraticn of the answers of all th« students.
We recomrrend that the board adopt a rule
similar to that in force In some other State
institutions, providing for the preservation of
all answers to examination papers for a rea
sonable time. .
MAKES BAD MISTAKE.
Ont mistake there was unquestionably made
by the board at the April examination. It
would appear that there is considerable rivalry
and at times some feeling between the gradu
ates of the University of California, colloquial
ly called the U. C students, and these of the
College of Physicians and Surgeons, "usually
called the P. and S. students. ' •■"?■.,'
Profewor Flfnt Is an Instructor in the latter
oollege and also had a number of private pu
pils whom he coached for this examination.
Professor Flint had been a former member of
the Board of Pharmacy, was - well known \ to
the present members of the beard and was
well l!V.ed by them. He asked permission to
be present at the examinations and was given
permission.
The examination took place In th» Physi
cians' and Eurgeocs' College, and th« board
has it* office there. Under the circumstances
It is plain from the testimony that Professor
Flint, unwittingly perhaps, abused his privi
lege. We are convinced that he did not prompt
any pupil, much less Harvey, who needed no
prompting, and that he did not give any sign
with two fingers, all of which is clear from
a reading of the evidence, but he placed him-
F*lf in a position where his every act could
be easily and naturally misunderstood %jr any
but his own pupils.
We have thoroughly investigated all cases of
admissions to practice as licentiates and as
sistants upon credentials without examination
and find that the beard has carried out tn«
t-pirit of the statute in thia regard, except aa
hereinafter pointed out. The only controversy
exiftir.g was In the case of certain people ad
mitted upon credentials at the meetings of
July 16 and IS. 1801, by a former board, cf
which some of the present board were mem
bers, when Professor Searby. then a member
of the board, had a difference of opinion with
the remainder of the board as to the qualiflca-'
tlons and manner of admission of certain candi
dates, end as to tnat Professcr Searby has
since eomewhat modified the Ideas upon which
he then acted.
After Professor Sfarby's resignation the
board finally agreed upon a set high standard
of requirement for admission upon credentials
without examination, which all candidates^ for
such admission matt meet, which has been.re
duced to writing and the document containing
which is net published, but is kept In the safe
at the office of the board. The propriety and
discretion of this course is obvious. ,
PRACTICE CAUSES FRICTION.
There has been considerable friction and
complaint concerning the practice of the board
frith reference to the provisions of the statute
concemlr-r the payment' of fees for renewal
of registration. Section 6 of the pharmacy
act. atccr.g ether thing*, provides: "Every
registered pharmacist who desires to continue
the practice v of ■ his. rraf e»s!on - in .-. this State
shall annually, ion such date as the Hoard of
Pharmacy may determine, pay tp the secretary
of the board a registration fee to be fixed by
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 30, 1904.
.. - _.- ._ . ,. , '. - r . * * ' '] ADVERTISEMENTS. I '
I By far the most novel and original sale the Boys'- Favorite Store ever held will be ushered |
I .in Friday and Saturday-— the last two; days of the year. It will consist of garment's that |
have been so desirable and picked up so quickly and eagerly by the buying public that I
they have sold down to one and two of a kind. It takes lots of time to inventory these ones and twos, so we would rather you'd J
I have them at a price that will make it worth while buying. them rather than inventory them. ~ . m
jflSSBk $5 Over- illii $5 Suits Jiii^ Odds and I
fi^^^^L Like pictured here, at d§t*Jr \sl» f $6.00 Suits »
tf *% CT f\ imi^S^^%i ; s 3nn f t tVi f^»^^^ $5.00 Suits M
?€i8Spit| *p^ #^^ : fiHRpSti fcSrtHfe J$?8lSn5iS\ 0
li|^lli*lPll 7, 8 or 9 years, we flij^lpSSlisi one and two of a The hit of the sea- »
€ have P" 1 together a lot l^^H^Pi 300 1 ' £Tw$l 'find w^^^Buster 1
\ Jl|lll!|i*i^ military fashion, in si2e to fit **>** £rom WH^^^^P' Sailor F ashl ° n ' fa §
I ' fT belutiful y TWEEDS! mSbW" SsSS £
3 I^^lI^ltV Gray and Brown ' with »iipj^p|^^IF that will withstand m^E^t Suits in winter weight r
fl .^^P : . embte on sleeve, S^f the hard knocks boys ipflSp £7Su«^S.?SS A
>ev 1^3 waL some Dciieu vaZK f mill- '■^^^? jj^--^festig'. ' r -Br y v^r J 1 * i ** wSm'^S vvcar size j» % ** r
1"^M^ -*^K tary buttons ~ that have Blues and Blacks. $R these little sJits which J
-| JSS8^^ so j^ down t 0 one anc j " """ Wherever you Ml R>^f Wl%m a . ve *^ c c^°^ ast »
two of a. kind. 1 hey r- 1 1 ' • 1 W$3 this season, which has *
". . « -,A iind a bargain plum. Wa vsa ™-*a, * *,,>*«*««. -y^A
were $5.00-they are bunched together and I 1 Most of them were « W whkh will cos? yo^
your pick of any of them at $5.00. Your pick of any of them now ' Jg&H Friday and Saturday
f BOVS* ShirtS (7^bM%»!^ >^'''* l **^^-^L.^^'X^''\ StarShirtWahts Star Blouse Waists
K * v'VTKrf !M~I^_!Il. < S&~ii(iii)'WgS>. M ' .<jSl. .^JE^.^m/ About 300 dozen Boys' Waists and Blouse Waists
* If vou have a bov that wears a size 12*A, Yl ut»fi^F^»\«^^B8ft mF»l uQ^ that wero J150 - that were $125 ' that were $100 ' '
» i " • j • /# "WfflW( /^iH3! iH S ETPfSl /d&in&l&^m IS I ~ i The famous Star Waist, th* famous St.tr Blouse.
S 13, 14, make up your mind yOU are going JTvumma- WnmMmiMjKim iHflT HoT^ll XWXl V " A11 bunched together, ar.d you will com- pretty i
» \ tO get a Sl.00 shirt tO-dav for Noth- f 1 tt^ Ml AwB^B^Mi AUb&JA /^jMj/JTCk near your boy's size, and you will find a
•a . -1 Ti 4. *\\ a i- \^1r\^ 'mj l t¥^RTi V&X^^lto&gU, 'v^tfjgnilr barsain at the price. Ar« all bunched together
IS* ing ails them except that they are lines X^T V\fil) - UWIOW^OlflRr JLVr s^^T to " da >' and mark?d at I?
1^ that have been sold down to two and ~ — 7. Fl Hi
& Sa% three of a kind. - -™ j ail^ - NPaI^I
i THE HOME OF THE OVERCOAT I
wr l¥i T^\ti(^irfM$Ml}rt^iiSMwcViitititk(ihM^totiit% iiiHimimniriii mrmfci nv^ tf^tfh ii^ifn m« <tT*?l «rrnt>i«iii.iiri ■itiTnmninn niriiiinirtiittiftrfrafcrtrtaffliii"* 1 *' *****—»&% Ma **■ *$|
the board, but which shall in no case exceed
the sum of two ($2) dollars, per annum, for
which he shall receive a renewal of said regis
tration." ■ • . .
The statute contains a similar provision for
the renewal of the registration of an assistant
at one dollar per annum. It Is the duty of th«
board to enforce this provision and, of course,
to collect all arrearages. Frequent complaint
ha* been made, however, that . where a per
son has once been registered as a pharmacist
and has left the State, or has for a time
ceased to continue practicing his profession
as a pharmacist within the State and returns
to the practice of his profession after a num
ber of years, the board still exacts a payment
of the full arrearage of |2 a year for the
entire period of such absence or failure to
practice before they will grant -him a renewal
of registration without examination. It will
be noted that, under the terms of the statute,
the renewal fee is for those continuing the
practicing of their profession and for the pro
tection of the provision of the law enjoyed by
those thus continuing- the practice of their pro
fession.
Where one discontinues the practice of his
profession for a while, however, and does not
for the time being receive any benefit from
the law. it is hard to see how, under such
circumstances, such a collection can be called
an arr»ar»ijre. The word "arrearage" In such
a cas» would appear somewhat In the nature
of a euphonlsm for the word "penalty." We
recommend that the board should apply to
the Attorney General's office to obtain an
opinion upon the question whether ; the terms
of the statute are broad enough to cover such
a practice and *we are of the opinion, no mat
ter what may be ultimately found to be the
scope of that statute, that such a practice is
Injudicious and unjustifiable. -
FEE IS FAVORED.
Another matter to which ' the attention of
your commission was called was the rule
adopted by the board requiring five dollars to
accompany all applications and affidavits for
registration and the practice of the board in
retaining the fee whether the application was
granted cr denied. There was some irritation
and comment as a result of this practice, be
cause when first put Into effect the applicant
had no notice that his money would not be
returned if his application was unsuccessful.
Among other*. Professor Searby severely criti
clied this practice. Some time after Professor
Searbv resigned from the board, however, the
board had a notice printed on all their appli
cation blanks, so that for a long time past all
applicants have had full - notice where ■ they
have had access - to. the . board's I application
blanks and to that extent criticism arising
from want of notice has been avoided.'
It happens sometimes that the money ac
companies a letter -of inquiry, where the ap
plicant has had no blank, and. therefore, no
notice, and In such a case. a- retention ,of tha
money is ant to be misunderstood. Since the
adoption of. a fixed standard by the board
tn cues cf applications for registration 'upon
credentials •without examination the matter of
determining whether such an application should
be granted is a very simple one '-and we are
of the opinion that | where such application is
now denied the fee should be returned.- .In
all cares, where the application necessitates
the holding of an examination of the applicant,
however, we feel that' the fee should be re
tained by the board whether the. applicant 1«
successful or not. ; . . u\ ',i. ■>-... .* .
The California Northwestern ' Railway
Company's New. Year's Gift
to Its Patrons.
Commencing* January J 1, \ 1905. ■ the California
Northwestern Railway Company will sell spe
cial limited ticket*, ffood for date of.eale only
and without stop-over privilege, between , th»
"WMlta. GuernevlIIe j and Sebastopol ' branches
and San Francisco, at' reduced rates.- -.
WHlit« and Uklah. reduction SOc'
Cloverdale, south to Santa Rosa, 25c. -
Guern«ville 25c and Sebastopol 65c from pres
ent rates. . ' * , • .
This is ' In anticipation of ■ a- vigorous cam
paign for Increased business during the coming
year. »»'" - -■'■='■.
The connection of the company's "line with
the San Francisco and Xapa Ry. . Co. will • be
completed In the early spring, and will unques
tionably attract many visitors to the beautiful
Nua Valley.
COLONEL SCOTT DISAPPEARS.— Charles
Ross of The Oaks, a lodging-house ' at 119
Third street, reported to' the Cononer' yesterday
that Colonel W. . Scott. , a book canvasser, had
been missing since last Tuesday night. ■ Mr.
Ross s-iid Mrs. Scott was. very much alarmed
because oi her husband's disappearance. ; for
he was always home at night. ., The missing
man had been a colonel In the * United " States
army." ' ■; ,'
WHY CERTAIXLY! .
KNqw-rr- aljj ; jake
Knew Just Exactly Hovr to Cure
a Balky 1 Horse' '
IN NEXT SUNDAY'S
COMIC SECTION.
LEE RELEASED
ON EASY BAIL
Druggist Denies That He
Passed a Eaised Bill on
the Woman Storekeeper
Le Roy Lee, the young druggist ar
rested by the police last Wednesday
evening on suspicion of having passed
a raised bill on Mrs. A. J. Vallade of
114V4 Sixth street, was turned over yes
terday to the custody of United States
Secret Service Agent George W. Hazen.
He was then taken before United States
Commissioner Heacock and released on
$1500 bonds furnished by J. W. Reding
ton and Frank V. Vail.
Lee kept a drug store at Sisson and
was burned out "about three months
ago. He, with his wife and baby, came
to this city Just after the flre and be
gan housekeeping In two small fur
nished rooms at 934 Howard street.
Mrs. Vallade told the. police that on
last Monday night a man of the pris
oner's description came to her delica
tessen store and. purchased 15 cents'
worth of rolls and. , macaroni cakes and
tendered her what she thought a 510
bill in payment. "She accepted the bill
and gave him the change, but learned
afterward that the paper was a $1
United States silver certificate raised
by pasting over the "$1* the figures
"$10" cut from a 1 Confederate note. The
woman said that Lee had been in her
place several times before. She was on
the watch last "Wednesday night, .and
when she saw Lee passing her door she
pointed ' him out to a policeman . who
took him In charge. ' Mrs. Vallade iden
tified him positively and produced two
witnesses who also identified him as the
man : who : had passed the bad note.-- -
Eee admits having? bought things in
the store several times and says he
once changed a five-dollar bill there,
but never a ten-dollar note. He has
always borne a good reputation.
GIAXT PUMP IS SECURED
TO OPERATE PLACER MIXES
GRANTS PASS. Or., Dec 29: — The
greatest single piece of mining ma
chinery ever brought into the State
of Oregon has arrived here from San
Francisco." It is a mammoth flve
step centrifugal pump and ..weighs
more than 50,000 pounds. It is said to
be the largest pump ever manufac
tured in San ". Francisco. It will sup
ply water, and pressure . to the bat
tery of hydraulic giants that' will-op
erate in the -Dry Diggings placers and
will be operated by four 400-horse
power turbines. The pump has . a ca
pacity of -9000 gallons per minute, de
livering the water to the monitor noz
zles under a pressure of 140 pounds
to the square. inch..
The Reflections of a Knocker,
By John Kendrick Bangs, with a sub-title of
•'His Reflections on" the Xew Tear," is a fea
ture ot this week's . News -Letter. Mr. Bangs
has been secured as a regular contributor by
the management ' of i the News-Letter, and hts
wit and epigrammatic utterances , will scintil
late from its pages for some time to come. The.
man who intends to "swear off" on the first
of , the new year will do well to • read ' John
Kendrick Bangs": series. •: *■ -
. People who are interested In . the fight being;
made on Standard Oil and allied interests' by
Tom ' Lawson. ■: especially . insurance . companies,
will do i well, to read the 'article on these sub
jects s in this ' enterprising * weekly. * There ? are
the usual bright departments, : and society > and
club people, especially .. women, will ■ find much
of Interest in this issue. XfESfaMi •
PHILANTHROPY
SANS RED TAPE
Men' of lioad Expeditiously
Answer Call to Eelieve
a Brother in Distress
Good nature and fraternal considera
tion was a conspicuous feature of the
convention of the California Division
of the Travelers' Protective Associa
tion held, at Golden Gate Hall yester
day.. It was announced that a fellow
member was lying ill at his home and
had, indeed, been seriously indisposed
for some time. Quick as a flash a
substantial collection was taken up
without quibble, question or any de
sire to form a committee of Investiga
tion. It was sufficient for the travelers
to. know that one of their number was
sorely -stricken.
E. W. Do nlam of Cincinnati, former
national president and national organ
izer,' said he was impelled to commend
the, sentiment and lofty feeling that
prompted' the members to act without
delay. -He had never seen or heard
of "suffering without finding the trav
eler: <»ager to give what aid was in his
power/ He was ever ready to lessen
the trouble of a brother. The speaker
therefore ~took occasion to express the
fullest appreciation of the fraternal
spirit that existed in the organization.
Donlam himself handed a handsome
contribution to the cause.
Supervisor Fred Eggers, president of
the • association for 1904,* was In the
chair and the proceedings were spirited,
particularly as to concessions derived
from the Southern Pacific Company on
mileage books and in regard to bag
gagecof traveling men.
-Donlam- explained that the matter of
concessions was in the hands of F. W.
Crandall; chairman of the association's
national railroad committee. Harry T.
Moorej jjj chairman of the railroad and
transportation committee, reported that
Crandall had recently called on Presi
dent Roosevelt, to whom he submitted
the' association's proposed amendment
to the. interstate commerce law. The
President had assured him that the
amendment met with his approval.
: Moore \ further said that if carried
the amendment would make the Inter
state Commerce Commission a positive
instead of a negative body and give the
commission full and specific authority
to. compel the railroads to abide by
the law. .
■ The election of officers resulted in
the choice of George W. Geaugue for
president: , Edward J. TVarnecke, first
vice-president; Walter D. Walsh, sec
ond .vice* president; John Jay Baum
gartner, secretary and . treasurer, and
J.rBamberger. George Hammerly. Fred
Eggers,' Ben Stern and Harry T. Moore,
directors.
| .■•'Eggers was heartily complimented
for: the. efficient and impartial manner
in ;, which r he had presided during his
presidency. In the evening a sumptu
ous ' banquet was enjoyed at Golden
Gate* Hall. ;<
Appoints Chief of Bureau.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 2 9.—Presi
dent,.- Roosevelt ' has '. appointed J.
Hampton Moore of Philadelphia chief
of i the . bureau -; of manufactures of the
Department of Commerce and ! labor.
Moore is . president of ' the National
League! of . Republican Clubs and for
merly was City Treasurer of Philadel
phia; "j He "has accepted the appoint
ment. , ■"-. ■'• -■•. .. •'
MINER KILLED
BY EXPLOSION
Puts Charge of Dynamite in
Hole That Had Not Been
Given Time to Cool
Special Dispatch to The Call
REDDING, Dec 29.— One man was
killed and two were seriously Injured
at the Iron Mountain mine this morn
ing by the explosion of a charee of
powder put In a hole that had . not
cooled off after a previous explosion.
A. Laddo and two companions named
Malino and Gauzno, all Italians, were
working together. They . had tamped
one charge of powder and nred the
shot, retreating the usual distance to
await the explosition. Upon returning
after the explosion they discovered
that the shot did not have the desired
result, only the tamping belnu blown
out, and they at once started»to reload
the hole. .
Laddo was tamping the dynamite
into the still heated hole, when the
charge suddenly - exploded and hurled
the men to the sides of the drift. Laddo.
who was standing directly in front of
the hole, was frightfully, mangled, as
he received the full force of the blast
on his chest and head..
SENT TO A STLUM.— Edward Rltter w«»
sent to th-s Stockton Insane Asylum yesterday.
Before the commissioners Hitter's mother op
posed and his tvlfe favored cemxnlttlng - him.
The evidence' showed bitterness to exist be
tween the women. V -.;-*> •..~f
1 3 0 I\(X5 L5 v^^**^
H Resolve to wear Sorosis Health "^^^ $«^v
§ Leather during the New Year. l^S
|j it will protect you against changes
■ in climate to which the feet are sensi- if
H tive. Keeps the feet in a dry, even, wholesome atmosphere. A
M It Rives you the most fashionable finish in footwear. H
B It comes in all the new shapes. jj
I Have you seen the Sorosis Drop Toe Last in |
I Sorosis Patent Calf, Patent Kid, Winter Tan and 1
I CalfSkin? $3.50 per pair. |
|| Boys' and Girh' Sorosis 1905 models arc now being shown ||
■ - • Balloons for the Children on Saturdays. jf|
I 216 POST 5TREET^5QraiRD.xSTREE[ 1
SUE FOR PART
OF AN ESTATE
Children of the Late Mrs.
Bessie Maupin Commence
Action to Recover Damages
STOCKTON, Dec. 9.— Murder Is part
ly charged to the lats C. A. Bach
mann in a suit filed against the estate
of the deceased to-day, by which It is
sought to obtain $25,000 damages for
the children of the late Bessie Maupin.
Mrs. Maupin brought suit against
Bachmann during bis lifetime, alleg
ing that he had beaten and assaulted
her while she was his housekeeper, tn
consequence of which aha wanted
$10,000. There was a lengthy and some
what sensational trial and Mrs. Mau
pin lost the suit.
Mrs. Maupin died at . St. Joseph's
Home on June 17 last as a result et
the injuries received at the hands of
the late C. A. Bachmann. alleges a
complaint filed to-day to recover
$25,000 damages.
The plaintiffs are all children of Bes
sie Lang, sometimes called Bessia Maa
pin.
President of Lighthouse Board.
WASHINGTON. Dec 29. — If th*
duty Is acceptable to him. Rear Ad
miral Benjamin P. Lamberton proba
bly will be appointed president of th»
lighthouse board when Rear Admiral
Evans assumes command of the North
Atlantic fleet in March.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
56
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
FIND BODY
OF ENGINEER
IN THE BAY
Corpse of Professor C. P.
Converse,- With Pockets
;;Full of Iron, Discovered
/'Floating by Key Line "Pier
.'•tlCriM WELL KX0WN
' J THKOUGHOUT WEST
0$ce Prosperous Specialist
Gomes to End of Life
/in Poverty, Clouded Under
r Mysterious Circumstances
. Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
,\ 1016 Broadway, Dec 23.
' The body of an elderly man believed
to be Professor C. P. Converse, a me
chanical and mining engineer, late cf
Denver, and recently resident at 504
PfijreU street, San Francisco, was re
covered tliis afternoon from the bay oft*
tlie Kev route pier. Tnough there was
an. element of mystery about the case
"itt-the outset, with some hint of mur
der, it was doubtless a suicide, us Con
lerse Cnce attempted to end his life.
The body was recovered with diffi
culty by George Cans and George Ray
ihos, who saw it floating between the
Jy»y Route and the Southern Pacific
pW. It was a badly decomposed
carpse. the features being unrecogniz
able. The key to identity was supplied
bj; a memorandum bo-ok and papers
Jnijnd by the Coroner at "the Morgue.
On the front cover of the book was
■written: "Professor C. P. Converse, M.
E...1011 Fifteenth street, Denver, Colo.,
duut 16, 1S02." The packets also con
tained a newspaper subscription receipt
•Sited November TL, 15*04, made out to
C. P. Converse, 504 Powell street, San
Francisco, signed "Short, carrier." ;/
Among the papers was the following
letter:
DEPARTMENT OF ETATE. WASHING
TON, D. C, Sept. 10. i:«C'4. — C. I\ Converse,
Esq.. 3ua gutter Street, San Fr»nci«co.— Sir :
1 have to uclm«.>wl«?:lge the rectij>t of your let
ter of the fourtii ultimo, staling that It «p
jtars to you that igme one ha.d opened the
Q*PErtnicr.t'E Ictttr to you cf July 25 last in re
latlon to the vijereabouus in Nicaragua d Mr.
Stephen <js«cr, and rfqiiestir.g that future
letters to yoa be addressfi to you under the
name of C. J. McNulty. In reply I have to
eay that your mrpest will be coaplied with.
I un, sir. your obedient wrranl,
AiA'IiV A. ADEE, Acting Secretary.
This letter was contained in an en
velope addressed to C. J. McNulty, 303
Sutter street, £an Francisco.
From the memorandum book, by
tracing many addresses therein, it was
*yident that the man had bee.n -a trav
eler over the western country. Ad
dresses of persons in Colorado, Texas,
Missouri and California were numerous.
Among thpse in California were:
"Stockton, SI 4 South' Stanislaus street,
January 1. 1903."
Other San Francisco addresses were:
*'.O. K. Converse. SOS Leavenworth
stfeet" and "J. M. Cline, State Mining
Bureau." The name •"Captain George
A. -Converse, commander ironclad Illi
nois," appeared in the methodical list.
On the back of a photographic print
of^ a grirl child was the followine:
".taken Feb., 1M)4; born June 16. 190L
Thelma Cornelia was born September
S, IK*. Raymond was born May 31st.
1303." •
The pockets contained 51 in coin and
a vial of colorless pungent fluid, the
ctaracter of which has not own deter
mined.. The corpse was clad in a suit
of black diagonal cloth. The only mark
left indicating the personal appearance
of the man was a fringe of thin crav
hair on the back of the head. No let
ters were found that would reveal a
caue« for suicide.
Mrs. J. E.' Paine, the landlady at 504
Powell street, San Francisco, where
Converse resided for more than a
month, eaid he left there on Decem
ber 20 and informed her he would re
turn in a few days. At that time he
v/a« in po?ser-sion of a larp;e sum of
money, a gold watch and other iew
elry. Mrs. Paine says Converse was a
man of 6teady habits and never drank
or gambled. He seemed in the best of
epirits when he departed and his room
rent did not fall due for several davs
aft«-w»rd- He left his belonsrines In
his room.
O. E. Converse. 308 Leavenworth
Ftreet. San Francisco, a third cousin
of the deceased, said the latter was a
man of means, a mining engineer and
ownv cf mining properties in this
State and elsewhere. Professor Con
verse never talked of suicide and had
no troubles. He had been separated
from his wife for several years'. > O. E.
Converse Fays his cousin Vras 87 years
of age and had. lived in this State on
and off for more than forty years
FRESNO. Dec 29.-C. P. Converse,
who -was found drowned in San Fran
cisco Bay yesterday, was one of
the ■ oJdest Rettlers of Fresno Coun
ty, and was a rather unique char
acter in Its history. Before the
fawn of Fresno was built and
even before the old town of Miller
ton was settled Converse ran a ferry
beat across the San Joaytim River. He
was a contractor and builder by trade
and built the first Jail Fresno County
ever had. On the day of Its 1 comple
tion Converse encased In a quarrel and
killed a man. He was the first prisoner
In his own Jail. He was freed on the
plea of self-defense.
Converse left MIHerton and went to
the VIsalia country and from there to
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Can't Dolt
Heart affections will, not get well of
themselves; neither do they remain in-
active. If the cause is not removed, they
continue to grow in number and severity.
They are the outgrowth of exhausted
nerve force, and the heart cannot stop to'
rest, as <Jo the other organs, but must
continue to Btrug-gle until completely dis-
abled, an<S — that's the end.
On the very first indication of heart
trouble, you can stop all progress and
effect a cure by the use of
Dr. Miles' Heart Cure
Tb« xnost effective heart remedy known.
It builds up. feeds and, strengthens the
nerves and muscles' of the heart, and re-
stores It to perfect health. - :
"I had serious. heart trouble: for two
months my. life wemed to hang, by a
thread, when my attention was called to
Dr. Miles' .Heart Cure. I - commenced
taking the Heart Cure and Nervine, and
In tw> months they restored me to com-
rmrsl!\'i» cood health." — REV. W A.
ROBINS. Port Elgin. Ont. ■ -
The first bottJo will benefit,- If not, the
Crvg&m will return your money.
PARDEE PLEASED
BY ALAMEDANS
Governor Praises West End
Improvement Association
for Year of Achievement
GOOD THINGS PROMISED
Prospects of Harbor Bill
Said to Be Encouraging.
Consolidation Is Opposed
ALAMEDA, Dec 29.— What the West
End Improvement Association accom
plished during 1S04 was reviewed at the
final , meeting of the year neld by the
organization to-night. ' Governor Par
dee, who had been invited to be pres
ent, sent a letter commending the good
done by the association and explaining
that official business prevented his at
tendance. . .
Edwin M- Stearns, secretary of the
Oakland Board of Trade, told of the re
sults of the conference held with the
chairman of the Rivers and Harbors
Committee in Washington relative to
the proposed deepening of Oakland
harbor. Stearns said he felt confident
that a large appropriation would be
made.
E. 'K. Taylor, Vformer State Senator,
said the county division bill prepared
by the Merchants* Exchange of Oak
land was defective and unconstitutional
and that It would be killed at Sacra
mento. He warned the association to
closely watch any legislation that
might be introduced with the purpose
U consolidating this city with Oakland.
George Renner related how the im
provement of the Webster street road
vay had been brought about through
the efforts of the West End Associa
tion.
Congressman Joseph R. Knowland
was billed to address the meeting, but
was detained at home by illness.
LABOR UNIONS CHOOSE
OFFICERS. FOR NEXT TERM
St-vcrnl Organizations In " Oakland
Hold Their Semi-Annual'Elec
tions for Managers.
OAKLAND, Dec. 29.— Local Union
No. 444, Journeymen Plumbers, elected
the following officers last night at a
meeting held at the Building Trades*
headquarters: President, W. J. Ford;
vice president, J. W. Coots; recording
and corresponding secretary, F. RelchB
rath; financial secretary, A. C. Leffler;
treasurer, Charles Diefenbacher; inside
sentinel, Thomas Neal; outside sentinel,
A. Souza; executive board. A- R. Cor
dan, A. AV. Blakeley; finance commit
tee, J. Kelley, A- Bourle; correspond
ents to -the Journal. J. Purcell; statis
tician, O. Kurtz; delegates to Building
Trades Council, J. Scott, J. Purcell,
William Rolfe; helper instructor, W. J.
Sullivan. - • -'; . - •-.:
The newly elected officers •will be in
stalled on Wednesday evening, January
11. The union will hold a banquet on
that evening.
Local No. 194, Carpenters and Joiners
of America;" has elected the following
officers: President, J. Davis; vice pres
ident, E. Thompson; correspon4ing sec
retary, J. Lewis; financial secretary, W.
Rtmmers; treasurer, James Hammond;
conductor, J. P. Larkin; warden, P.
Hansen; delegates to the District Coun
cil of Carpenters, W. Bird and P. J.
Hansen.
Local Union No. 36 of the Brother
hood of Carpenters elected the follow
ing delegates last night to the next con
vention of the State Federation of La
bor at Sacramento on Monday next:
R. Reed, J. J. Overton. William Ram
beau, W. J. Atkinson, J. W. Bibby and
R. Wiand.
The Teamsters' Union has elected the
following officers: President, Thomas
Gallagher; vice president, Charles Lal
ley; recording secretary. Robert Smith;
financial secretary and treasurer,
Frank Higuera; eergeant-at-arms and
Inside guard, William Brown; delegate
to Central Labor Council, George
Brown; trustees, Charles Oman, George
Brown and W. E. Castro.
Local No. 47 of the Retail Clerks'
Union has elected the following officers-
J. C. Tretheway, president; J. Nai
fcmlth, vice president; C. L Curran, re
cording and corresponding secretary
and business agent; I. B. Reboll, Hyde
and C. I. Curran, delegates to Central
Labor Council. .
The officers who will conduct the af
fairs of Sheet Metal Workers' Union
No. 216 during the' ensuing term are-
L. Delukshi, president; W. S. Short;
vice president; G. Omar, recording sec
retary: F.A. Clausins, financial secre
tary; M. R. Blankhead, treasurer; Ed
ward Brandt, conductor; R. A, Miller,
warden; delegates to Building Trades
Council— H. B. Rush, L. A. Miller and
E. Brandt; delegates to District Council
of Sheet Metal- Workers— M. R. Blank
head, H. B. Rush and W. J. Short.
The local Laundry Workers' Union
elected the following officers: Presi
dent, J. H. Moritz; vice president, Hen
ry Seibold; treasurer.^. Spencer; secre
tary, S. H. Gray; delegates to the State
convention — Lillie Walters, J. W. Giger
J. H. Moritz and S.' H. Gray.
the mountains beyond Millwood. \ Here
he located . large timber claims, known
tc-day as -Converse Basin, where the
Sanger Lumber Company now' runs its
mills. While he was once worth much
money he did' not have the faculty of
hanging on to his wealth and lost it.all.
He went into the 'Colorado country and
engaged in mining. -He remained ;there
till about a year ago. when he went to
San Francteco. - He attempted to com
mit suicide ' by. Jumping^ into the bay
but was ■ rescued- He - said hi s ' reason
for the deed was that he was getting
old. and .wasjn everybody's way.
HUSB AND HAS RECORD
;>'■;*". . OF. TEX; DRUNKS A MONTH
Mrs. Hainan Also Accuses Him of
Breaking a Rib 'and Thro wine
" * - a Pan at Her. v
--OAKLAND, Dec 29,— Alleging, that
her husband broke one of her ribs by
striking her wfth his; fist 1 and that at
other Umea he threw £ frying pan and
potatoes at her, Johanna Hainan be
gan suit to-day for divorce on the
ground of cruelty against William
Hainan. /■- She -alleges that he gets
drunk ten times a month and that
when he is under the influence of
liquor he subjects her to great-abuse.
They have three children,, of "whom
she asks the custody. :
- Charging Ell ; Bo wen with desertion
Mattie A. Bowen has begun an action
for. divorce against him. j „ He ' Is . an
actor." and. his /'whereabouts ...is < not
kno wh.- ' She .: says ; she "Is ♦ dependent
upon .'her son, .Robert -;C. 'Boweri, for
support."
Antone. Pavia sues - for a divorce
from Mary Gomez Pavia, who, he al
lesres. has deserted him. '■;,''.'■-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL/FRIDAY, DECEMBER 30, 1904.
PROCTOR AND SON
ARE IN JAIL.
Mnist Answer for Grand Larceoy
AGED WIDOW OF NILES AND THE ALLEGED SWINDLER WHO HAS BEEN |
HELD FOR TRIAL BEFORE THE SUPERIOR COURT ON CHARGES OF
GRAND LARCENY PREFERRED J BY VICTIM OF HIS SMOOTH TONGUE. \'
OAKLAND, Dec. 29.— "Doctor" Wil
liam S. Proctor and his stepson, Roy
W. Asberry. who are accused by Mrs.
Emiline Tyson of stealing from her two
valuable diamond rings and $10S in
cash, were held to answer in the Supe
rior Court to-day on charges of grand
larceny.
. Judge Sandholdt of Centerville set the
bail in each case at $2000, and in de
fault of this sum the prisoners were
brought to the County Jail to await
trial.
Evidence introduced at the prelimin
ary examination tor-day showed that
the defendants conspired to defraud
Mrs. Tyson after meeting hir at the
Niles depot. It was shown that Proc
tor and Asberry made inquiries aa to
Mrs. Tyson's plaice of residence and
made notes regarding her family, age
and circumstances.
Mrs. Tyson was the first witness
called to-day, being cross-examined by
Attorney Tom Bradley. The defense
failed to shake the • testimony of the
aged plaintiff in any important particu
lar, Mrs._Tyson stating each fact clear
ly and without hesitation. The only ad
mission made by the plaintiff was that
at the time Proctor took the rings she
did not tell her sons, because she feared
to let them know that she had trusted
a comparative stranger with her Jewels.
Only once did Mrs. Tyson become ex
cited, and this was when Bradley
asked: "Is it not a fact,. Mrs. Tyson,
that when Proctor called at your, house
on Sunday morning you knew he was
a married man?"
Turning upon the attorney Mrs. Ty
son said: "No such thing ever entered
my head until I read it, in the news
papers. Had I ever dreamed of such a
thing this man should never have
spoken to me as he did."
Asked if she had considered herself
engaged to Proctor, she replied:
"I did."
On redirect examination Mrs. Tyson
said that Proctor called at her house
five times, / accompanied each time by
Asberry. Witness said further that the
"doctor" had always represented that
Asberry was his son, and had intro
duced him to Mrs. Tyson as Mr.
Proctor.
William H. Tyson, a son of the plain
tiff, .was called and testified that he was
present at the arrest of? Proctor, but
knew little of the circumstances lead
ing up to the trouble. • .
The .next, witness called was David
Tyson,- who told the following story: -
I first saw Proctor and Asberry at my
mother's house on Sunday morning, December
18. When I reached the house my mother and
Proctor were in the bedroom, leaning over the
bed, and as I reached the door I heard ' some
Jewelry rattle. A moment later Proctor came
out and. after speaking a few words to me
left the house.
I next saw both the defendants at my moth
er's house about 4 o'clock on Sunday after
noon. I saw them go to the bouse and I went
over and asked Proctor what was the meaning
of so many visits to my ' mother. I told him
I did not like his actions and said that I be
lieved h« was crooked. Ha answered. "Why,
I love your mother." I answered, "It is very
strange . that a man of your age should . fall
In love with an old woman like her," and he
said: "Did you never foil in love at first
sight 7" After some further talk I told them
that they had better leave, which they did.
Miss Mary Nichols, a domestic em
ployed at . Mrs. Tyson's home, testified
that she first met the defendents at the
Niles depot about 8 o'clock on- Friday
morning, December 16. She said that
Proctor and Mrs. Tyson had some con
versation, -and, that . after Mrs. Tyson
had taken the train for Oakland, Proc
tor asked her a number of questions as
to where Mrs. Tyson lived and who she
was. ',' •. ' «" -
On ' cross-examination Miss Nichols
said that Proctor ' asked' her, , not
to .mention •- anything that passed
between them r and that she promised
she would not.
Miss Emeline Tyson, a granddaughter
of the plaintiff, testified that she met
the defendants at Mrs. Tyson's home on
several occasions. She said Proctor
told her that Asberry was his son,
and that he was a physician, practicing
at the Women and Children's Hospital
in San Francisco.
Miss Tyson's testimony concluded the
hearing.
Judge Sandholdt then ordered the de
fendants held to answer in the Supe
rior Court.
The defendants will be examined be
fore Judge Sandholdt at Centerville on
Wednesday, January 4, on the second
charge of grand larceny for the al
leged stealing of $108 in cash from Mrs.
Tyson.
COLORED LAD
STABS MAIDEN
Ten-Year-Old Yoiingster In*
flicts Wound Upon Girl
Who Aroused His Anger
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Dec. 29.
Charged with stabbing a young white
girl In the neck with his pocketknife,
little Wendell Griffin, a 10-year-old col
ored lad, -stood with tear-stained face
before Justice of the Peace Edgar to
day, fearful that his fate would be of
such seriousness as commonly befalls
malefactors caught red-handed in the
act.
; The- youth used hls 4 knife on ilary
lielms, a- 14-year-old girl, as they qua*r
reled in front of 'the Helms home, at
1615 Oregon street, South Berkeley, last
night. He declares that Mary Helms
attacked his little sister and that he
simply Hew to his sister's relief.
"Ah had mah pocketknife ■ in th'
hand," said the colored lad to ' Justice
I Edgar this morning as he faced the
court, "and it ' cut her, I guess, but I
didn't never. know she was hurt till she
screamed. I didn't, mean to. hurt her-r
sure 1 didn't."
The girl was not Injured save for a
slight scratch where the knife blade
had penetrated her clothing, but her
parents believed formal ' complaint
should be made of young Griffin's reck
lessness. Accordingly Deputy Marshall
Pickett took the youthful offender into;
court.
"No formal complaint was entered
against the lad and he was released on
his own recognizance. Justice Edgar
will sit in the Juvenile court next
Wednesday," and at that time Griffin
will come before him for a hearing.
FREE A FREE
PLUM PUDDING
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
LIBBY'S -v:
HOME-MADE -
PLUM PUDDING.
Free With Every Small Ad in
••: SuhdayiCalL
See Small Ad Page for . Further
;;.- Particulars. *'°
CONTRA COSTA
ASKED TO BID
Council Invites the Water
Company to Submit Its
Figures by Next Tuesday
NEW DEAL IS NOW ON
Bay Cities Proposition to
Supply City Will Be
Considered Without Delay
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Dec 29.
The City Council this evening ex
tended an invitation to the Contra
Costa Water Company to submit a
figure at which it would be willing to
sell out its plant to the people of Oak
land.. This offer is to be submitted by
next Tuesday . evening, at which time
the Council meets to consider the Bay
Cities . proposition to supply the city
with a competing system.
The resolution was Introduced by
Councilman McAdam, who thought the
Contra Costa Company should be given
at least two weeks in which to submit
its bid. It was the general opinion of
the other members that this was too
long a time and would delay the work
and that the company already knows
what its plant is worth and can do it
just as well in two days as in two
weeks.
Councilman Aitken opposed making
any overture to the Contra Costa Com
pany and in this connection said: "If
you want to kill this proposition you
will begin dealing with the Contra
Costa Company. I believe that is just
a scheme to delay and take the matter
before Tinother Council. Mr. Dlneee has
had ample opportunity to submit an
offer and I do not believe that we
should have anything to do with him."
QUARREL OVER
FAMILY SILVER
Mr. and Mrs. Barrie Wrangle
in Court for Possession
of Household Treasures
Berkeley OiFce San Francisco Call,
214S Center Street, Dec. 29.
Treasures of the family household
that once had been shared in common
between Mr. and Mrs. Alexander Bar
lie were the subject of bitter dispute
to-day in Justice Edgar's court during
the trial of Mrs. Barrie's action,
brought to recover possession of fam
ily silver," pictures, furniture and books
which, she declares, her husband is re
taining without right at his home on
Fulton street.
Spoons, dishes, bric-a-brac, old
books, hymnals, poems and much of
the sort of stuff that households ac
cumulate and hold dear because of
associations rather than for intrinsic
worth were coldly appraised by experts
on the stand, while lawyers represent
ing the warring parties wrangled over
the values set by these experts. .
"This 'Golden Treasure of , Song,' "
said Attorney Church to an expert,
"you say is worth 'steen dollars. Now
is it not a matter of fact that it could
be bought fcr dollars, and that no
such value as you give it could be col
lected if It were sold?"
Thus down the line, even to a Moody
and Sankey hymnal, went the argu
ment, over those things which were col
lected by Mr. and Mrs. Barrie during a
married life of many years, but which
now they take into court, where the
Judge is to sit as a Solomon, dividing
what were once treasures dear to both
and held by both.
Mr3. Barrie sues for $299, represent
ing, as she says, the value of the stuff
retained by her husband. . The action
is a sequel to the divorce proceedings
of the pair. She makes he"r husband's
niece and nephew, Margaret and Ed
win Wade, codefendants with her hus
band.
When she sued for divorce a year ago
she accused Barrie of bringing Misa
Wade from the East here and keeping
her in the Barrie home against the
wife's wishes. She alleged that the
moral atmosphere of the home made
it an unfit place to rear the Barries'
daughter. Judge Ogden denied -her a
divorce. Sv^i
Barrie then began suit for divorce,
charging cruelty. His wife came back
with a cross-complaint, alleging adul
tery. The case Is pending in the courts'
of Alameda County.
WINS A PLACE
IN OXFORD CREW
William Clark Crittenden,
a California Boy, Is Mjade
Stroke of Trinity Toga
r
Berkeley Office San Francisco. Call.
21. Center street, Dec 29.
News has Just come from Oxford.
England, that William Clark Critten
den, the Rhodes scholar from Califor
nia, has been made stroke of the first
Trinity Toga. This is the most impor
tant position in the boat and practi
cally its captain. It is very remark
attte for a freshman to win such an im
portant position, and It has not been
done - for many years. Heretofore the
place has been given only to one who
had rowed for , several years beforo
coming to Oxford. Many old oarsmen
tried for stroke. "Most of the Rhodes
scholars rowing are from Canada.
South Africa, Australia and America,
and Crittenden' s work is the best that
has been done by any . of them.
Previously to this Crittenden acted
as * stroke -. in the freshman boat - and
won a silver oar and the challenge
cup to keep for a year.- This cup has
the names of the winning stroke en
graved upon it for many years back.
It was on account of his coolness and
good Judgment as -well as his skillful
handling of the boat that won Critten
den ' this enviable honor.
QUARREL, OVER THOROUGHBRED.—Oak
land. Dec. 29.— D. J. Quill baa gone into the
courts to get possession of Military, the race
horse that won the first 'event on < Saturday's
card: ■;. James F. Monoghan ; has the horse et
the present time and makes some claim to him.
Quill says he wants the. horse. or |40O and |200
extra' for. the loss he. has sustained.
HEIRS WEARY
OF FIGHTING
Offer of Compromise in the
Matter of Eleanor More
\ Estate Ends, Litigation
MUST PAY HEAVY TAX
Legatees of the Late Million
\ air'e S. T. Alexander Sub
ject to Impost of $5250
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway. Dec. 29.
Tired of- prolonging litigation, the
heirs of the late Eleanor H. More have
agreed to divide $5000 among Mrs. Cor
nelia A. Baldwin and Mrs. Eliza Miller,
sisters of the deceased, and Martha Dxx
val, a niece. These three were disin
herited and have kept- up & fight for
four years. In order to make- sure- of
something they have agreed to i settle
for this sum, and Jtshn F. More and P.
W. Watson, to whom was left the bulk
of an $SO,000 estate, are willing. to give
it to them. •
Eleanor H. More during her lifetime
lived at Berkeley and by her will gave
her brother all of her property, with
the exception of a bequest of $10,000 to
Watson. The sisters and niece contest
ed and the trial went so far as the
hearing of their evidence, when a non
suit was granted. Much family bitter
ness was brought out and recrimina
tion indulged, in.
By the report of the appraiser of the
collateral inheritance tax in the case
of the heirs of the late Samuel T. Alex
ander it is shown that the brothers,
sisters, neDhews and niece of the late
millionaire must pay $5250 tax upon
their bequests. William D., James 'SI.,
Henry M., Mary J. and Charlotte Alex
ander and Mrs. Annie Dickey received
$15,000 each by the will, while to Charles
F. Alexander, William G. Cooke and
Helen A. Alexander- $5000 apiece was
left. The bequests amount to $105,000,
on which the tax is due. The entire es
tate is valued at $1,040,000.
Charles C. Dean, Mrs. Emily Dean
Allen and James B. Dean have asked
for a partial distribution of their moth
er's estate, valued at $85,000, and want
$23,000 distributed to each of them at
the present time... • ■
BENEFIT PLAY
FOR CHAPEL
IN FRUITVALE
BY ZOE GREEN RADCIJFFE.
OAKLAND, . Dec. .29.— Th« Congregational
chapel at Fruitrale owe* much _ to Mrs. . Henry
"Wetherbee. its rery" existence) In.. fact... for
she ha* been 'prominent ' in . every movement
that stood for, the little church's welfare.
Every day finds h-e-r "up to her eyes" In aome
scheme to raise funds for it and now «he is
not >, only* engineering a production of "Pin
afore," but Is dlrectjos and: taking' part In
a play, "Esmeralda," that will be riven to
morrow evening at Armory Hall In lYultvala.
Jt ia a four-act play, the scene being: laid
In North Carolina. The rehearsals promis«
great success for to-morrow night's production.
Mrs. Wetherbee. as Eemeralda'a mother and
the wife of a very henpecked husband, fur
nishes much of the comedy. .
The cast if aa follows: "Ole man" Rorers.
E. E. Bryant; ' Lydia Ann Rogers, lira.
Wetherbee; Esmeralda Rogers, Airs.- Dan
Crosby; Dave Hardy. E. Spencer JUley;- Ester
brook, F. Howard Eeeley; Jack Desmond.
Harry Fletcher; Nona Desmond. Elsie .Mar
■wcdel; Kate Desmond, Mrs. F. Howard Sseley;
Marquis de Montessln. Harry Fletcher; George
Drew, Walter Kennedy.
With such an "all-star cast" "Esmeralda"
lp bound to be- a success, and at any rate the
affair will be a pleasant social event. Tha
Incidental music of the evening will, be fur
nished by Miss Gertrude Hibberd, the clavei
young violinist, and C. M. T. Parker. ' '
' "Pinafore" will be an early February event.
To-morrow night, according to the - orange
colored flat sent forth by two "kings" — and
it took them both to da it— the Nile Club
will get together in the shadow of the "pyra
mids" on Broadway and force dull cafe to
take refuge in the jlnkleas halla at the Athen
ian Club. In other words, the Christmas
"re*els" are due and alt the married mem
bers of the club are, staying home to-nizbt to
"square" themselves in advance. • \
Judge Melvin. W.. J. McCoy, Dowdle,
Scbaefer, Hart, Webb. Perry (ho of the broad
gauge voice and narrow-gauge figure) and
Stetson are some of the familiar names on
the programme, which meana much for the
evening's harmony. Charlie. -Heeseman, will
enact the part of Kris Krlngle and Dick Ayer
and Clarence Crowell will be In evidence, aa
usual. • ■ '
It was a graceful thing ~for Mrs. Max Tart
to give her home and her time for a day to
the relief of a widowed woman and her or
phaned little onea, widowed and orphaned by
a foul murder — the wifo and mother of Police
man Brown, who was killed on December 1? by
a footpad. Oakland society women are always
doing acme- gracious act of charity, but it Is
eeldbm that an Individual In distress attracts
the interest of those busy women who are sup
posed to be "social butterflies." . . , .
Mrs. Taft is planning a musical tea for Jan
uary 12 at her pretty little home on Montecito
avenue." and as a large number of young so
ciety girls are keenly 'interested In Its success
it will without doubt be a benefit In. truth to.
the stricken ones, 'as well as a brilliant socUl
event. Miss Crissle Taft, Miss May Coogaa
and Miss Cordia Bishop, all three charming
Fingers, will assist, and Miss Winifred Juos
Morgan will be heard in several violin selec
tions. Others equally good have promised to
takp part, and it is to be hoped that "Mrs. Tilt,
who is a very fine pianist, may also be heard.
Miss Coogan was hostess yesterday at a very
jolly reunion of a five hundred club and Mlsa
Emily Checkering carried off the prize. The
club includes Mrs. Irving Burrell,. Miss Ada
Kenna. Miss Ethel Crellin. Ml?s Bessie Reed.
Miss Lucretia BurnKom. Miss Claire Chabot.
Miss Helen Cbaae. Miss Millie Mathea. Miss
Elsie Everson. Miss Jean Downey. Mlsa Marion
Goodfeltow, Mrs. Philip Tuggles Clay. Miss
Emily Chlckering, M)s« Ethel Slma, MlsS Edith
Beck, Mlsa Baaaie FUImore.
Lloyd McDonald, formerly > connected with
the Central Bank here and now cashier of tha
new bank at Livermore. and Miss Leah lie-
Leod, daughter of A. J. McLeod. a pioneer rest,
dent of tha LJvermcra Valley, were married on
Saturday.
ALAMEDA. Dec 29.— £Tlty Trustee William
M. Bowers, accompanied "by his two daughters,
returned to-day from a trip through Southern
California. L '> ■ -"'. ','-'■
Ned Chapman, son of Mr. and Mrs. ' I. N.
Chapman of Pacific avenue, has returned trom
Northern California, where he has been en
gaged In mining. - ; . -
Miss . Florence Schultz departed to-day for
Denver to visit relatives. She was accom
panied as far a* Sacramento by Miss Deane
Tisdale. Miss Schultz expects to b* absent
from Alameda for six months. . -
Mlsa Gladys Emmons will, entertain a party
of friends at a masquerade dance to be given
at her home on Union street New Tear's eve.
California Council of the Young Men's Insti
tute gave an enjoyabla and largely attended
whist tourney and dance to-night In Woodmen
Hall. Among the young ladles who acted as
scorers at the card tables were: Misses Janet
Mobley. Sophie Koordt. Alice Leclerc. Alice
Hartley, May - Smith. Irene Tweedle. Harriet
Goggln. Ursula Scholten, Mantle Hlckey, Lil
lian Cavanaugh, May Mulvaney, Bertha
Koordt. ' Gladys Rose, Margaret McEllln.
Gladys Lamborn and Stella Koordt. '
Mrs. E. E. Clover and her -daughter. Miss
Esther Clover, of Palmdale. are spending the
holiday season with friends here. .
Mrs. C. H. Ismon and children of Santa
Cruz are the . ruesta of Mrs. Becker of Oak
street. ■ . ' "- • •
FEARS HER UNCI-E.— Oakland. Dtc 29 -i
August Hogan was confined In th« Insane ward
or the Receiving Hospital to-day on th« com
plaint of hi» niece. ilts» Minnie Long, who al
leges he has attacked her on several occasions
and . she ' believes her 11 fe is ■ In danger. HIa
examination was set for to-morrow morning.
BBANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAKEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
'1018 Broadway.
Telephone 3Ialn 10S3.
BERKEJuEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 11.
ALAMEDA.
1435 Fark Street.
REAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Alameda County.
THURSDAY. DECEMBER 23.
' John "E. aad Emily "V". Fraiijs to tnlcao Ga-
Fome Davilar. lot on S lln« .jl *• — >> street.
74:3 W of Campbell. W'WV"; tr^'STttaa or
Jot» 17 and 18. block 4t$6. revised m*p Gibbon*
property at OoJcland Point, deed ir-ada to cor
net 9C5 D. 172. Oakland; $10.
Alary C. Nelson (widow) to Je««l« R. J»«lson
and Mab*l Nelson Leaysll. lot on S lisa at
"Rest Thirteenth street. 135 E o£ Campbell. E
25 by S 135. Oakland; gilt. '
Mountain View Cemetery Aa»oelatJoa - t»
James Wishtman and Mary H. Kldredge. Jot
In cemetery; also lot 130. Plat 22. containing
349 «<iuare feet, map Plat 22. Bald Cemetery,
Oakland Township; fl.
James Wlahtman (single) to Mary H. lUi
redge. all Interest in lot. 130. Flat 82. coaWiri
lni 349 square feet, map Plat 2X Mouotala
View Cemetery, quitclaim, .deed. OaJtlan*
Township; $1,
Fred C. A. or Frederick C. A. Goldrrtfl t»
Eleanor" Goldiras. lot oa X lin» of Lon!»a,
street. 115 N* of Berryman. JJ 125. E 133. 3,
120. W 30. S5, ff 105. portion lots 7, and 10.
block 15. property Berkeley Villa Association,
quitclaim deed. Berkeley; fill
Joseph P. McTamney (single) 'to sZUaaw K.
Cole, lot 11. map Hawley Tract «cc»pt so muca.
as has been taken tar opening. WooUey street,.
Berkeley; $10.
Oeorse H. and Augusta J. Collins (wife),
Albert H. and Georgia IV Higgias (wire* -.to
Daniel P. Durst lot on SW corner of Shattutk
avenue and Bancroft way. S 2'».79. "W 109. Gt\
N 26O. E 12&56. lota 1 to 6. block 1. Barker
portion of Plat 68. etc.. Berkeley; $10.
Georga C Edwards and Mary E. Rlcfcarl
(slnsle. by Herbert F. Patterson, commis
sioner) to Warren Cheney, lot* 3, 5. 7. 9 ta
17. block F. lots 6. 7,' 0. 11. 13 to 19. block
E. amended map Salinger Tract Berkeley;
alao lots 8 to IK block 5. map Shaw Tract.
Berkeley; also lot on NE corner of Center
•treet and University avenue. E *»-1^8. N i.0%
W 3C2, S 2W. lota 6 to 13,. block 2. «am» map,
except from gild last .described land* N .of
University avenue. 25O W of Sacramento
street W 170 by N 20«. lots 6. 13 and portion
lots 7' and 12. block 2. same, Berkeley; f 22.224.
May L. and Warren Cheney fund aa attor-.
ney) to Etta Harmon Edirarda (wife of Georg*
C). same. Eerheley: J10.
Allc» M. Howe- (widow), E. K. How* Jr.
(son), l.ydia V. Howe (wife) to Emily Morgan,
lot on W line of Pearl street. 300 SW from 3
line of Central avenue. SW 50 by NW 272. tot
8, block 10, map part Hays & Caperton prop
erty. Alameda; J240O. . •
George D. Dlxon to John Robertson, lot otx
W line of Pearl street. 400 S of Central avenue..
S 5U by W 272. k.t 9. block 10, Kays & Caper
ton property. Alameda, warranty deed; $10.
State Savings Bar.k ar.d Emily I* Davis fa
corporation) to AtroAmerican Co-operative As
sociation !« on W line of Adeline, street, 174
S of Twenty-fourth. S 25 by D 123:3. lot lr..
block 631. map Adeline- street lots. «tc. Oak
land: no. •■■•.* ■-• -
: Clarence and Frances B. Grange to Elizabeux
J. Biddall. lot on SW corner of Telegraph
(Humboldt) avenae and Sixty- first (lily) street.
S 34.53 by W 103.42. portion lots 7 and 8. block
C, map resubdivision blocks A to-F-of ma>
&. Roberts * "Wolfskill Tract. Oakland; J10.
J. E. McElrath Jr. (single) to Lydia F. O.
Randall lot on SW corner of Forty-fifth anJ
West streets. S ICO by W W>, lots 17 and IS.
block 2103. aUm Tract at Temescal. OakUnd;
$m
P. U. and Matilda N. Fowltr to Adeline H.
Brown, lot en N line of Apgar street. 225 W cf
GroTe. N 125. W 6», 3 125.57. E M.40. portloa
lots I and 2. block D. Apgar Tract, portion, plat
37. etc, Oaklan4: $10.'
G..N. -Van Worraer (single) to Margu«rlt« F.
Grainier (wl'« of 1. I*), lot on N ltn» cf
Thirty-ninth street. 475 E of GroT«." B S8:ft br
?J 100. portion- t>t lot-l>. map. of . jlontgorsery
Tract 1, Oakland; $10. **7* ' '
Berkeley Development Company to CaraMn j
R. Beala (widow)., lot 0. block 2. FalM~a»
Park, etc. (Oakland. Berkeley aad Oa&and
Township). Oakland; $000:
Juki U and Mary C. Barker, (wife), per
J. Lo. Barker, her attorney. t» Calvla o.
Wlnchell lot on SE corner of narper and Ma
son streets. 8 ZO E 122.01, theses at light
angle along W line of lot 13 to S lin« of
Mason street, W 122.49 to beginning;, being
known as N portion of. lots 15 to 17 (except
l"\st portion deeded to this day to J. ".Kuniel
man) map of subdivision of block 7, Central
Park Tract. Berkeley; f 10. - .
Calvin S. and Mary I*., Wlnch»ll to John
H. and Adela R. Cregan. lot on S ltn» .of
Mason street. 81.66 E of Harper. P 40.83, 9
69.39. W 40.67. J* o«.2«. tot 17 ('except S BO
feet thereof) map of subdivision Of block 7,
Central Park Trart, Berkeley; $10..
Johanna Erlckscn (widow) to O. C Brick
son lot on SE corner of Francisco and Oraat
streets. E 120. 9 75. W 40. N-37:«. W SO; N
37:4. portion of -lot 5. block 4. map of Stat*
University Homestead Association No, 4k
Berkeley; $10.
DESPONDENT VAGRANT
ATTEMPTS SUICIDE
P. J. Clark , Throws Himself In
if?*'-- Front of San Pablo-'.V^.^-r-
Avenue Car. -.-
OAKLAND, Dec. 29. — After having
been arrested seven times as a vagTant
and while despondent after" a pro
tracted spree. P. J. Clark attempted
to commit suicide this afternoon by
throwing himself before a San Pablo
avenue car at the corner of Fifteenth
street and San Pablo avenue. Before
the motorman could stop Clark's body
was under the front of the car..
A moment of hesitation, however.
saved the would-be suicide's life; ; for
he fell squarely on the fender andthe
wheels did not touch his body." ' Us
was taken from under the car un
lpjured, and, being very much Intoxi
cated, -was arrested. ■' ■ '
Neither Wants Store."
OAKLAND, Dec. 23. — A curious
suit was delayed in hearing to-day in
which both parties to it are trying
to make the other out the owner of
a store. Neither wants it a» there
is an- indebtedness of $H31 42 that
goes with It. -Newman Cohit issutner
his mother-in-law, Mrs. Elizabeth
Fchetter, as he alleges she owes h-im
this " amount of money. She- asserts
that the store is Cohn's and that the
loss is h fa own. •".*«?:
MARRIAGE LJCENSES-^Oaklan<1.~- D«c. 29.
The following marrlaye licenses -were i?suM
by th* County Clerk, to-day: • Haury J. Purcell.
&5, San Francisco, and Anna M. Tmly.."42, Oak
land: Fre3 G. Tayton, 2tf, and Mary D. GI1
man, 21'. both of Oakland; Edward Artero, 24.
Pan Francisco, and Emilia S. Rodriguez. i»>,
Oaklaai; Hiram L Scovllle. "ZZ, and Viotet P.
\VTutak9r. 20. -both of Oakland: Jumcs R. tte
vts. 47. B«rkeley. aad Emma de Srnet, 4V San
Francisco; Howard F. Munson. -27. Fruitvale.'
and Edaa H. Carter. 25. Oakland. .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Skin Diseases
are cured by. .
V- and
' Endorsti by th* Xtiicat Profession.
By destroying germs, they as-
sist nature to accomplish a cure.
Send thirty : five cents to pay ex-
pressage on Free Trial Bottles.
Sold by M&Bag Dn«*r«*t».
■ ' Not c«» u h* nB ''« !!l UNrt be»x»my*>e 1 «»tcf»:
61 0 Pxinc* Street. N. V.
Write n»r ftr«« laft»rm»tl«» ■?•"*
Ill l»K«»/o«K na* CIACWK"*- _JAPANESE LOSE THOUSAND
MEN ON RIHLUNG HILL
Capture Forty-Three Russian Guns Manned by the
Garrison of the Fort.
Rihluns: fort, which the Japanese have enptured, is situated on Rihlung Slountain and formed part of
Uic Innrr circle or the chain of forts defending Port Arthur. Rihluns is about two miles from the outskirts
of the town of Port Arthur, from which it bears northeastward. Tlie fort just ca»>tui-ed is a mile and a half
southeast of Keckwan fort, recently captured by the Japanese. The possession of these two forts should
make an ini{x>rtant breach in the fortifications of Port Arthur and cut oft* communication between the Gold
en HJII forts and the forts of the western section of the inner circle of fortifications..
Outside the capture of 203-Meter Hill on the western section .of ; forts, little, is known of the exact po
sitions occupied by the Japanese, but it would «eem from the material. a vailable that the inner circle of
forts is now cut in three pieces, and tliat 203-Meter Hill prohibits communication with the Liaoti section
forts., just as possession of IUhlnnc and Keckwan forts cuts off communication with the Golden Hill forts,
except by the many underground ways wiiich are said to exist In various parts- of the fortress.
From RlbJuns Mountain, which is nearly opposite 203-Meter Hill, it would a'— car that the Japanese
fire will be able to reach anything in the harbor and town. which the Japanese heavy guns on 203-Meter Hill
are unable to hit, thus making it apparently impossible for the Russian second Pacific squadron to make any
use of Port Arthur, even should the Japanese content themselves with holding the strong i>ositioi:s they now
occupy. . . •
TOIfclO. Dec. SO. — The Japanese j
captured forty-three gruns when the I
Rlhlung fort was taken.
The headquarters of the army be- j
sieging Port Arthur telegraph that on
" the night of December -S. after the oc
cupation of Rih'.ung fort, a small body
of Russians still offered resistance in j
\fc<» passage between the eiege gun line j
and the gorge. At 3 o'clock in the
* rr.orr.fng they were dislodged entirely
e.n<5 the occupation of the fort became
secure, f^
According to the statement of three
prisoners, the defenders of Fort Rih
lung numbered about 503 soldiers, be
* fides some sailors. A majority of the j
drfer.dera were killed.
The trophies captured with Fort Rih
•iung include four large caliber guns.
seven small caliber guns, thirty-seven
mjlimeter. gun?, two machine guns and
touch property a* yet unenumerated.
ONE THOUSAND KILLED.
.READQUARTERS OF THE JAP
ANESE ARMY BEFORE PORT AR
." THUR, Dec. C9.— Rihlung fort was
captured at 3 o'clock this morning,
with 1000 Japanese casualties. Seven
j dynamite mines exploded at 10 o'clock
" jvsterday made breaches in the front
wall through which a large body of
JaT>anese charged under cover of a tre
mendous bombardment and captured
I the first line of light guns. A bitter
-'figrhrt resulted in the capture of the fort.
The garrison, numbering 500 men, es
caped.
TOKIO. Dec. 25.— After* months of
fighting, sapping and mining, the Jap
anese forces finally occupied Rihlung
Mountain early this morning.
A" report from headquarters of the
Third Japanese army beft/re Port Ar
thur received here yesterday at mid
night said:
* "On Wednesday. December 2?, at 10
o'clock m the morning, the left center
column of our army, following some
heavy explosions on the frontal parapet
of Rihlung Mountain, charged and oc
cupied the parapet under caver of fire
from heavy guns, and constructed de
fense works, despite the enemy's fierce
-fire.
"At 4 o'clock in the afternoon, when
.our ofrupation was practically assured,
v.e charged and occupied the inner lines
*of heavy gun positions, subsequently
dislodging a remnant of the enemy's
f^rce stubbornly holding the gorge fort,
' which we occupied, and captured the
entire works."
.'. . . "ITAXT OFFICERS KILLED.
Imperial headquarters to-day pub
•lished'a list of casualties, presumably
"*at Port Arthur, which includes forty
nine officers, from colonel downward,
killed, and fifty-eight officers, from col
onel downward, wounded.
ClfEFU, Dec. 29.— The Japanese line
.at "Port Arthur is now, as a result of
the general attack which was begun on
December 25. much closer to Liaotl
Mountain. Chinese who left Port Ar
"'thur yesterday and arrived here to-day
report that a greatly inferior Russian
force defended the outermost of the
trenches for three days, retiring when
the Japanese artillery' had gained an
enfilading position. The fighting mostly
was at a range of two-thirds of a mile,
the Japanese fearing mines. The Rus
sians retired to Chingkakao.
Japanese who arrived at Chefu to
• day from Port Dalny say the recent
fighting also resulted in the capture of
a hill called by the Japanese Yangthu
ban fpossibly Keekwan Mountain), en
abling the Japanese to seriously harass
land communication with the Liaotl
forts and with the forts on Etze and
Antze mountains. The capture of Yang
thuban Hill followed several night at-
j ADMEJlTISEaiEVrS.
IDEA.
Don't fret the Ta-ong idea Into your
head ;hat starvation la good for dys-
pepsla.
It's not. i;-
Those irho have not studied the sub-
ject very, deeply, or with trained scien-
tific minds, might think so.
But facts prove otherwise.
All specialists in stomach and diges-
tive disorders know that it is best for
dyspepair* to be well fed.
TTby. "dyspepsia is really a starvation
disease!
Tour food doesn't feed you.
By starvation, you may give your
bowels acd kidneys less to do, but that
doer not cure your digestive trouble^ —
6iinply makes you weaker and sicker;
less likely to be permanently cured
■than ever. •
No. the only right way to permanent-
ly cure yourself of any form of dyspep-
sia or indigestive trouble. Is to eat
heartily of all the food that you find
best agrees with you. and help your
■digestion to work with Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets.
This is a safe, certain, scientific, re-
liable method of treatment, which will
never fail to cure the most obstinate
casts if persevered in.
1 Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets have a
gentle, tonic, refreshing effect on the
secretory glands of the entire digestive
tract.
They gently force the flow of fresh
digestive Juices.
They contain, themselves, many of
the caernlcal constituents of these
juices, thus when dissolved they help
to dissolve the food around them In
stomach or bowels.
They, therefore quickly relieve all the
symptoms of indigestion, and coax the
glands to take a proper pleasure in do-
ing their proper work.
They coax you back to health.
1 No other medical treatment of any
sort nor any fad system of "Culture"
or "Cure,", will give you the solid, per-
manent, curative results, that will
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.
Write for a free Book of Symptoms.
F. A. Stuart Co.. Marshall. Mich.
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children.
Pas Kind You Have Always Bought
tacks, during one of which the Jap
anese became confused, killed one an
ether and retired when the mistake was
discovered on the appearance of, the
moon, awia : .. . i,.
STEAMSHIPS RUX BLOCKADE.
The Japanese here further report that
severs fighting has occurred on the
northeast flank, particularly at Rihluug
Mountain, where, when the- Japanese
left Port Dalny, the Japanese forces
had made some progress. Details of thisi
fighting have not yet reached Chefu.
Two steamships recently ran the
blockade of Port Arthur. One of them
was captured by the Japanese' when
emerging from the harbor. . •
(Chingkakao. referred to in the dis
patch from Chefu, as the place to which
the Russians retired after leaving the
Liaotl trenches, is poEsibly the Ching
tao, or Chingtau, fort, near the south
ern extremity of the Tiger** Tail pen
insula.)
ST. PETERSBURG. Dec. .29.— The
War Office points out that the occupa
tion of Rihlung. Mountain at the best
onlv makes the Japanese masters of
the entire terrace beyond the principal
forts of Keekwan and still leaves the
main line unbroken. • ♦: .
NOTED SLAV SCOUT KILLED.
Cumin Eldaroff Loses His Life hi At
tack on Japanese. Village.
MUKDEN, Dec. 29.— Cossacks to-day
brought in the body of Captain Erlda
roff, a noted scout, who was killed in an
attack on the village of TIfanty.
Intense hatred exists between some
of the opposing forces In trenches close
together notwithstanding the friendly
relations at other parts on the fronts of
the two armies. The. Japanese try to
heat their shelters at advanced posi
tions with charcoal -fires concealed" in
small braziers, so as to show no light.
One of these recently was broken and
the flre exposed the position of the
Japanese party. The whole party was
immediately annihilated by a furious
Russian flre.
There was a sharp skirmish. on De
cember 28 at Slnchinpu. A concealed
mortar battery inside the Russian lines
opened on the Japanese position, driv
ing out a number of the Japanese, who
sought refuge among the trees and
bushes. A shell exploded a Japanese
mine In front of the trenches, inflicting
considerable damage.
The Russian batteries are connected
by telephone and report the result of
one another's flre. Recently a field bat
tery posted on heights caught a detach
ment of Japanese and drove them • all
out of their trenches In the immediate
front.
Irrefutable evidence has been ob
tained at headquarters that the Japa
nese are not only hiring Chinese bandits
to or>erate on the Russian flanks, but
that they are enlisting Chinese under
Japanese officers.
The JaDanese are adopting cunning
expedients to defeat the surprise at
tacks of the Russian scouts, from which
they have suffered much. They cover
the steep approaches of their trenches
with water, which freezes, forms ice
slides and makes the scouts slip and
fall In confusion. In other places the
Japanese scatter millet stalks over the
approaches, the crackling of which
gives them warning of the presence of
Russian scouts.
SLAV CAVALRY REPULSED.
Oyama's Headquarters Reports Minor
Engagements at the Front.
TOKIO, Dec. 29, noon.— Manchurlan
army headquarters reporting to-day
said:
"On December 27 at 3 o'clock in the
afternoon the Russians with heavy field
guns bombarded the Shakhe River rail
road bridge In the neighborhood of the
station, and the Russian guns at Ta
lientun shelled Chlhsiangtun and Shu
•Untzu. Russian cavalry also attacked
Helllntun at sunset on the same day,
but was repulsed by Japanese cavalry.
At 8:30 o'clock on the same evening the
Russian cavalry enveloped the Japa
nese pickets, who were reinforced and
finally repulsed the enemy. The Japa
nese casualties were three men killed."
GENERAL OKU'S HEADQUAR
TERS, Dec. 29. — The Russians continue
a daily bombardment, firing at random
and causing few casualties. The Japa
nese soldiers pick up fifteen-centimeter
shrapnel cases and with them make
charcoal burners to heat the bomb
proofs. Occasional collisions take place
between patrols, the Russians always
retiring. Both sides seem satisfied to
remain in the trenches.
BETTER FROM KCROEL
Frequently Killed General Tlianks
German Well-Wishers.
BERLIN, Dec. 29. — A convivial
circle at Dortrund sent General Ku
roki in September a card of enthusias
tic congratulations on his military
successes, and has received the fol
lowing answer:
THE BATTLEFIELD, in Manchuria. Nov.
5. 1JKM.— How 1 rejoice to be ■ congratulated at
so great a distance upon our victories. 'As
you know, we are pupils of German tacticians.
ber.ee I have double pleasure in being con
gratulated by German m«n. . With special-re
csrtis. your obedient servant, KUROKI.
This letter from .General Kuroki
removes all doubts, if any existed,
that General Kuroki is st! 11 alive. He
was persistently reported to have been
killed during the fighting of October
last. - '
KUROPATKIX IS. SAXGUIXE.
Russian Chief Confident of Ultimate
Victory. ■
MOSCOW, Dec. -2 9.— Danchensko,
the ' well-known 'newspaper ' corre
spondent, telegraphs an account of an
interview which he" had with General
Kuropatkin. H£- declares the . com
mander in chief is in fine physical con
dition, always sanguine and now.abso
lutely convinced, of ."ultimate ..victory.
Kuropatkin, Danchensko says, ..looks
and acts as he did before Plevna. .
"Let them send me; good soldiers,"
the general* is quoted* as: having said,
"and I will accomplish the task. Ex
amine the position of the troops.' You
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 30, 1901.
will see a great change since the au
t'.imn. Write the facts. It is better
that the people at home should know
th<« truth than hear praise on one
side and slander on the other. The
troops are in good spirits and well
sheltered and clothed. There are some
deficiencies, but 1 am more than satis
fled. The health of the men is splen
did. The percentage of sickness is less
than in time of peace, v.'hich is at
tributable to good air and the absenca
of the evils of barracks life."
Danchensko says Kuropatkin is the
hardest worked man in the army.
PELEM IS A PRISONER.
Russian Officer Captured on Blockade
Runner Is Identified.
6HAXGHAI, Dec. 29. — According to
private advices from Sasebo received
to-day Commander Pelem of the Rus
sian torpedo-boat destroyer Rasto
rojmy and another officer of that ves
sel have been identified among those
on board the captured British steam
ship Nigretia.
The Nigretia. which left Shanghai,
bound for Vladivostok, and alleged to
have a cargo of contraband of war, was
captured by the Japanese protected
cruiser Tsushima off Ulsan, Korea, on
December 19. The vessel was taken
to Sasebo, where she is now under
going examination.
A dispatch from Shanghai on De
cember- 18 said it was reported that
Commander Pelem had escaped from
that port on the Xigretia, accom
panied bj' others belonging to the Ras
toropny. The Rastoropny had escaped
frcm Port Arthur with dispatcher and
rtcched Chefu on November 16 and
on that day was blown up by her
crew. Officers and crew were subse
quently taken to Shanghai and turned
over to' the care^of the Russian Con
sul there.
A dispatch from Shanghai on De
cember 20 said there appeared to be
no doubt that the commander of.
the Russian torpedo-boat destroyer
Grozovoi, which has been at Shang
hai since the battle off Port Arthur
on August 10, was on board the Ni
gretia and that he carried valuable
charts and documents.
DELAYS NORTH SEA INQUIRY.
Russia's Recall of Kasenakoft* Causes
Surprise in Paris. ;.
PARIS, Dec. 29. — The members of
the International commission on the
Ncrth Sea incident were surprised to
day to hear that Admiral Kasenakoff,
the Russian member, had been re
called, as no intimation that a change
was contemplated had been communi
cated to the commission. The dis
patch from St. Petersburg announcing
the change was laid before Admiral
Kasenakoff to-night with a request for
a statement. The admiral declined to
discuss the matter.
The retirement of Admiral Kasen
akoff causes much comment here. It
is conjectured that it is due to re
newed naval activity in Russia In
connection with the possible jdispatch
of a third squadron to the Far East,
as Kasenakoff ranks as a full admiral
and therefore has seniority over
Skrydloff and Rojestvensky, com
manders of the first and second Pacific
squadrons. It is also suggested that
Great Britain and other Governments
having sent vice or rear admirals to
s't on the commission, Russia deems it
not necessary that she should be rep
resented by an officer of highest rank.
ATTACK UPON THE CRA3IPS.
Russian Newspaper Says Warship
Plans Were Sold to Japan.
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 29. — The
Russ, In the course of a sensational
article attacking the policy of build
ing Russian warships abroad and the
marine administration generally, re
fers as an example to the case of
the American-built Russian cruiser
Varlag, the plans of which, the paper
says, when the Japanese wanted to
raise her were sold by. the Cramps to
Japan for $3000.
PHILADELPHIA. Dec. 29. — When
shown the St. Petersburg dispatch, in
which ' the Russ charges the William
Cramp Ship and Engine Building
Company with having sold the plans
of the cruiser Variag to the Japan
ese in- order that the vessel might be
raised, Edwin Cramp said to-day that
was absolutely no truth In the article.
Sioux City Beef for Port Arthur.
SIOUX CITY, Iowa, Dec 29. — The
last of a shipment of 1,000,000 pounds
of barreled beef has been sent from a
packing company here to the besieged
Russians. at Port Arthur. The prob
lem of getting the meat to Port Ar
thur -Is • left to the Russians to ; solve.
The last shipment of 1,000,000 pounds
was captured by a Japanese mosquito
fleet just as it -was rounding an island
off Japan and was delivered to the be
siegers Instead of to the besieged.
Rehearinff In the. Arabia Case.
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 29.— The
Admiralty. Court has agreed to a re
hearing of the American claims in
the case of the Portland-Asiatic line
steamship Arabia, captured by the
Russian Vladivostok squadron on July
22," if it can be shown that the claim
ants were unable on account of lack of
time to perfect .their appeal from the
decision of the Vladivostok court.
Japanese Fleet's 3Iovements.
BATAVIA, Island of Java, Dutch
East Indies, Dec: 29.— Some warships
showing, the Japanese colors passed
A-nJer, sixty miles west of Batavia, to
day.
JOHXXY SMART,
Who" Does Struts.
He Made Good Only by Chance.
IX NEXT SUNDAY'S
COMIC SECTIOX.
--■ y -.— THE -EMPORIUM.;-- - ! _ TILE EMPORIUM. -| . THE • EMPORIUM. 1 THE EMPORIUM.
Owfs John Henry Tom Keene Arthur eft as
Renown Fontella Capadura Lillian Russell
KingV Recruits Cubanola Crown
The New Year's Sale Dress Goods and Silk
Wines, Liquors, Broceries b*********** u**m o##
Here is a list of holiday foods and drinks at prices nGnWn3Mnm9 n&lf %JW¥
which will interest every home economist within reach A rcat tccumalltion of , hort th , of cheTi ot. hom C , pM ,, ni «d
of this big store. Quality reigns supreme. .. . . . . „..
'/.■Ir • j .- innings, ctamines, ctnvxi weaves, velvcti, velretecm, corduroyi, Chin*
Jessz Moore AA Whisky — That well known and popular brand that '
sel!s reoularh in the stores about town at £1.00 and "¥ GZf* siik$ ' pla5n " Iks# fanc7 iilkt " d " tias * on the specil1 ubIe " tOmd * 7 ?
£1.25 per bottle, here Friday and Saturday. .... .. *+***' exactly half the already reduced remnant firtces.
i Kcn'ucky Rv:r Whisky— Straight goods, Claret- Oar exfa 5-yea.r-oW Sonoma County
guir.n:c.-d pjre, worth $2moO * ga 1 -. ', table winr, F.iday and Saturday, jaL'oa . — m
•° r $i.xs : 6io is&eilag*^ 9 S*t\iSaszh Mc*i*l**m
Rhine Wines- Th: inverted, Rud;shcim:r Holly Gin— A fine quality of Old Tom, bot- mmMMmMM**^^ *WJpmBi£9MM «W«^«*'«m
or Braunrburger, on Friday an* Saturcay tie 75O ~ ' m m
°^:i;::,r:^zt^33c s™*-*?*^** . s !- 60 wear Cut to Hall Price
H.SO; *inglc bottle. ! *^** *" Cherries in Maraschmo-^ put, 2SO; j
OdK-.l.cr WhisKy, spnng'93, gal.53»|5 pln "' * Oo > T-""* • • • . • • oUO Tailored, tab and jabot effect*, «U color* »nd •tylei.the beit wo^fantn-
Cookin 3 Br,ndy-G^d qua.ity, gal. . . . ' »Mp ™<* S»&£ ***** °* chiffon., .ilk embroidered linen, beaded
Pure Rye Whisky Mt. v r ernon, "the large 0«v;'s Sauttrnr— Choice imported French and lace effect — some .lightly icied, jome mussed in the holiday
square bet k ..$1.25 wine: P int » 45cg ca=c of 24 bottles, . .
Sweet Win« - p J rt,Shmy,Md J atd, Tokay $9.00; quatt bottle*, 75c; case of duplay, others in perfect condition, were j 5 c to $5.00, now . .
or Angelca, ca^e 12 b\>tt.et, S5.5G; 12 bottles. &8.OD ............. 12Vo it* £2 SO
single botte -SOo Tippo Chisnti— Red or white wineskin fancy * *. * * ■ * -*-\* -*- ,"* >* : '!■' -* * * *^' 2 '* ••' 9^m*t*J
Utopia. Ginger Ale — Equal to th= impj.t=J, decanter*, made by the lamous I'alian Swiss
dor $1mGS ■ cooay — ■ mm a g
Vermouth — Imported French or Italian, U pint, 25CS «« 4S bo:tlts$1f,OO MIS #H r_ lftf%W*Wf¥%f% BM^ Sk£dM&*
bottle . . . ." '6VC 1 Pint, 35c; «se 24 botrJes.. $8.OO M+MM EmmBiM*** H1VM0 VUf «T
Apricot Brandy- An excellent after-«inn:r 1 -quirt, GO Of case 12 bott'c!..>'7,Oi> —^ • --- __ m
drink, bottle S1.GO Gold Seal Champagne-California finest Bjll?*&*^^ £H BH 88 tfVf Z& $ frf i FD 071
Kentucky Belle Whisky A . favorite with champagnes case of =4 bottles, $1Q. 5O; EJfM-K^^^ *M B M IB WV *V S WZMM M€JJ
manv of our patrons. <u:l qt. bottle Friday . . , , »#»_ _
SS^BI iiSiiifiS Skirts, $3.5O to $15.O0
gooa quality, gal. Friday and Saturday 63O pin . f 3Oo m case •» dozen' S6.5O ' ~hm' r '
Imported Cham'pjgnes-Aii or the we:;- Q > c; % &q^ ' S5 \ 5Q fl^^^v More Skirts than we have ever sold
nown «n-^ t Quart^ Co^Ig^e^«c^M^^w^«, l^^^^" before in the same length of time, and
white Seal. .$1.45 $34.20 52.75532.40 Club Cockuiis- au kind.* bottle." . .Q7c IS^^im still the assortment is excellent No
Pommrry .* 1.45 34-20 2.75 ' 32.00 Gannymede Whisky, bottle 8B0 fe Ml tPSiuSl' wonder the denartm^nr ho« h*»Pn
Murnmi . . 1.45 34.20 2-75 32.40 Maryland Club Whisky, bottle. . . .8O0 U fef wonacr tne aepartment nas been
ciiquot ... 1.55 36.00 2.93 34.00 Paul Jones Whisky, bottle. . . . . 85g E iipR^iTSEj crowded from morning until night
«f» £.£. <» b ir m •■ m ■ '^> "^ m>M Ht u^fe^§nl4 since the sale began for we are sell-
Butter Sale— Friday, Saturday I Pffljl ing styIish Mtts for about baI!
Butter — Fresh, churned creamery but:er, the very choice C : Hltl ®rr^|t^ price. Many women have bought
quality that we always offer at our special sales, full lize 3Qff* E i ZtT tt^M two and three of them. Alterations
squares, for the two day, D£gj BHgA ~ on these garments u-Xl be extra.
Bismarck Herring — The imported, a holiday Cranberries — Good quality, qt. . . . 10o I^a^cU^J •HtTTSl lraMl « r» «»
delicacy, spec'al, tin 37 O Imported Italian Chestnuts — 3 lbs. . 25O kp ffffh itS^^AwrWk $5.00 tO $7*50
Cluster Raisins— For the table: j crown, Popcorn -5 lbs 2Bo r?r »ttr tS4Wuu!?\ C1 Cfi
lb. tOc; 4 crown, 2 lbs. 25c; S Appetit $i!d-A holiday delicacy, tin #5c f*& it&H r?T^\rS\ OKlFtS, W.OU
crown, lb. 15a ; 6 crown, lb . . 2iiO Worcestershire Sauce — Lea & Perrins or Jjfjfl?' fj^fl! n!nXrA l lL©Q\ S8.00 tO $10.00
Mince Meat — Heinz or Atmore'i. a lbs 2Sc Holbrook's, }i pt. bottle 23c; 1 pt. bottle l^Sffi 2ft "Cti-^^mS*^ * C i •' a c _ nn
Rice— Fancy Carolina head rice, cooks whole 43c; 1 qt. bottle 7tC ttSBr^T fi fll H^^V^O^. SKirtS, $5.UU
and flaky, 4 lbs 25(3 Royal Baking Powder— i lb. tin . .4.4.0 'Ut*HiiM r ' : GiltWrv^vriuvK S%f7 tn^lfi
C.Hfo,n«.>i«-« lb package, . J%O Kona Coffee -Our famous Kawaiiaa blend, /ffllMim£WM®k * QMrVc W
Boneless Sardines— U Marchand, %% 27c lb - . t9o i£nftu3ti ' \mMWm^SM^< bKirtS, $0.50
""• * d ° - - ■ ' ■ 3to f " d D '"- F " • ! ° ffi "- h "« iMrM^^^^^^ $« 7 -50 to $22.50
Various Moliday Novelties mm^3m0r s 25 00 tfslooo" 50
One-Half and One-Third Off skits". $is.oo
Decorated Celluloid Collar and Cuff Boxes,
Toilet Sets of Comb, Brush and Mirror, &9 *ts#1 M/«»#o#^ fmw+ JM.BZ
Handkerchief and Glove Sets, Ffcffdld MUM* Zp&m*+i3
Musical and Easel "Photo" Albums, Heavy selling of these reduced lines of warm winter waists has not
Swiss Cottage Jewelry Boxes. depleted the great stock— flannels, mohairs,
Packages of h'oliday Perfumery, veilings, albatross and cashmere waists, which S2
"Peggy From Paris" Bags, ' were to * 5.00. now ,S wmmm^ rm^
Pocket Books, Cigar Cases, etc., _^^ -——---—------——-—-—------—----—-—--------—.
Pin Cushions and Toilet Sets, //F* jCr ♦ MystCriOUS C&BSat* .
Handkerchief Cases. Glove Cases. ±jffi C MMSS fatf M 1 1 Iff' A '»«ed *>? Helen and Magretta Lewi,, b
0 J? r 2 B ? g % 1° h BaS vv tS '. Wor!d '» c « c « Substitution or Trunk
All KindS tmDrOiaery Work. CAUFORNIAS LARGEST- * m^m -^—— Mystery, together with a iplendid entertainment of
The articles above range in price from ; 5 c to <io.oo — — «WMB^ P ar!or ma S' c . daUy this week in our Attraction Hall,
each, now ... 13c l° $5,O3 "^ AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE nconi floor, 10 and' 1 1 a. m., 2:30 and 4 p. m.— FREE.
BOY MURDERER MUST
STAY IN SAN QUENTIN
Governor Looks With ' Disfavor on
Proposition to Transfer Youthful
Slaver to Reform School.
MARYSVILLE, Dec. 29.— Governor
Pardee has written to District Attor
ney Brittan that he does not look with
favor upon tha proposition to transfer
Claude Hankins, the 14-year-old boy
who murdered George B. Morse near
Marysville last' July, from San Quen
tin Prison to the Preston Reform
School. The Governor states that the
policy of Euch a transfer would be
"doubtful, to say the. least."
The Original LitUe Beneflcencia Pub
llca Company of San Francisco.
Organized September, 1893.
SPECIAL NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.
Owing to the fact that numerous schemes
are placed before the public from time to time,
wo would respectfully call the attention of pur
chasers of tickets to buy only from respon
sible agents and to see that their tickets read
THE U ORIGINAL LITTLE BEN'EFICEXCIA
PUBLICA COMPANY OF SAN FRAN
CISCO. ORGANIZED SEPTEM
BER. 1S93.
Each coupon has the Initials SI. & F. on the
face and back of the ticket.
The following are the capital prizes as de
cided by THE BENEFICENCIA PUBLICA
COMPANY of the City of Mexico. December
29 1904: No. 3537 wins $7500. sold In San
Francisco. Cal.; No. 32569 -wins $2500, sold in
Chlco CaL : No. 41164 wins $1250, sold In San
Francisco. Cal.; Nos. 15362. 33439. 37681, 49326
and 59G39 each wins $125, sold in San Fran-
The following capital prlxes were paid by
th» above s M. & F. . CO. for November 24,
1904: Albert Trefzcr (Oakland Dairy). 320
Fulton street. San Francisco.. Cal., $3750: paid
Walter P. Oakes. 030 Market street, San Fran
cisco. Cal.. for client, $3750; E. P. Davis, 2430
Bush street, San Francisco. Cal.. $1250; C.'P.
Cortag«> (plperoaker). 1654 Seventh street, Oak
land. Cal.. $1250: Max C. Weiss. 666 Jones
street, San Francisco. Cal., $6C5; Mrs. N. Os-
Kood. 122414 Uaight street, San Francisco.
Cal. $625. : •
Biography of Mark Hanna.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Dec. 29. — El
mer Dover, private secretary to the
late Senator Marcus A. Hanna, is col
lecting data to be used In the official
biography I of ;' the '■ statesman. Dover
has^ undertaken the work at thelre
ouest of the Hanna 'family. - .
FREE A FREE
PLUM PUDDING
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
LIBBY'S
HOME-MADE
PLUM PUDDING.
Free With Every Small Ad in
Sunday Call. :
See Small Ad Page for Further
~ ; "v"" Particulars.
_ __ — — — — — — *
IRRIGATI0NISTS
NOW AT PEACE
Long Legal Battle Over
flight to Use Waters of
Kern River Is at an End
BAKERSFIELD, Dec. 29.— By an
agreement entered into to-day between
the representatives of Miller & Lux and
other irrigating Interests of the Kern
Valley and the Kern River Company
the injunction issued several months
ago restraining the latter company
from diverting the waters of Kern
River at Kernvllle was dissolved,
and to-night telephone Instructions
have gone from this city to the power
plant, sixty miles distant, to turn the
water Into the big canal.
The wheels of the power plant will
be .turning on Friday, and by ; the. first
of the year the street car lines In Los
Angeles will be propelled by the power
generated by the waters of Kern River.
By the terms of the negotiations
through which the legal proceedings
were stopped the Kern River Company
has .the privilege to use the waters of
the river under the agreement that the
water shall be returned to the river
channel undiminished in quantity. To
be able to meet this requirement some
three months .ago . the power company
began the i wortr of cementing each
ditch for its entire length of twelve
miles. This labor was completed last
week, and with the legal formalities of
to-day nothing remains but to open the
headgates and start in motion one of
the most extensive power plants of the
st&te.WstiBttSUB&0B6M
GADSKI SEAT SALE '
BEGINS THIS 3IOBiVING
The; sale of single seats for the three
concerts to be given at the Alhambra
Theater next ; Tuesday and Thursday
nights. January 3 . and 5. and Saturday
afternoon. January 7. by the- great so
prano Madame Gadski begins this morn
ing at Sherman.. Clay & Co.'s music
store. Reserved seats at $2.00. $1.50 and
$1.00. Madame Gadski is in magnificent
voice and a great treat awaits the music
loving public, . •
Railroad Man Loses Foot.
SAN RAFAEL. Dec 29.— D. u E.
Baker, foreman of the North Shore
railroad yard " at Sausalito, fell from
an outbound train at West End .to
night. The -wheels passed over his
right' leg above ; the ankle, making am
putation 'necessary. '
KILLS HIMSELF AFTER
BIDDING WIFE FAREWELL
Citizen of Corona, Despondent Be
cause of Ill-Health. Ends Troubles
With Revolver.
CORONA, Dec. 29.— Daniel J. Ad
ams, aged 53 years, who lived with his
family on Sheridan street, committed
suicide this morning by shooting him
self in the right temple with a revolver.
Just before Adams fired the fatal
shot he bade his wife and children an
affectionate farewell and then ordered
them from the house. The terror
stricken family sent for the City Mar
shal, but a few moments prior to the
officer's arrival Adams partially . un
dressed, laid down on a bed, pulled
the comforter over his head and delib-
_ AjpyKRngT^nF^rrs. _.
lH /^arsrjw/ JrW^S^K vlvnl X \J IV & t tH ll '
AH >• />&>,' f&/ A%W €* AD DTTT^ T)D AD1TD. 11 11
m/I r2FM> *iy /%!?. vmiK wil\.r& 1 0, Uis»r\rJ!*f\. m fill
Maun Ml v %'///%&/(* /uwK] it? C Dlf^C VITrUFM till
km' . rih the following item will V I
1^*^**^*^^™*^^**^^^^^^^^^^™^^*"^!^^^^ d c 1 3>i 6 mirror^ 5 jjHa
■-•- f^y* prettily carved f w
m h '^^^^^Sfl ?*** highly pol- It
is teeming with m\
Kl'gJflSlllll Every worthy j Bl
. W|)S^-^^'^^ . make represented By
iQiflrffi"*^SdkjMiiiii'^^Hril at * right* prices. H
erately shot himself. Deceased leaves
a family of six children. Despondency
over ill health is the reason given for
Adams' rash act.
A dream of pleasure, the new two for
quarter siza American. $2 75 box 25. *
Creditors Paid in Full.
NEW YORK. Dec 29. — Vice Chan
cellor Stevens in Trenton, N. J.. to
day made an order confirming the re
port of the receivers of the New York
and Nevada Copper Company and dis
charging them from further duty. The
report showed that the property of
the company had been sold to Edward
T. ToTand and others for {453,100.
and that all creditors were paid In
fun. wsm
78
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
Hill* P. gPRECKEXC Proprietor
AZXittZM* XIX. CGtCXUSZCJLTTOS* TO
tOKS HgJTArGHT Manage*
VZVLXCATUr* CTTKX. ?t~t>t> X3O ICAJBCET TZZTTl. §Jk2t TZJJSCT3Cr>
rzziiKT > sscgxrggB. as. im
THE ENGINEERS' REPORT.
np*HE f^Il text of the engineers' report on the river problem is
I .-. Dot yet ptiblisherL The synopsis that is given oat :s st^Hcient
'>j ; to serve za the basis of 2. jndj^ent npon the plan proposed- It
i* the levee r/.^r.. Levee* are to be constructed abotit 2000 feet apart
to *erve a* flood banks for the Sacramento. These are to extend
froci the trpper flood point to Collinsville. They will cross and close
tfce ranees tfcxrghs or bayoms which now take the flood and spread
it f»y.tr the country, some into the San Joaquin River and some over
the tend. The object is to confine the whole flood betweeen these
artificial banks and discharge it and the silt it carries at Collinsville,
v/hrre the Sacramento and San Joaqnin join, and their combined
current will cirry the silt forv/ard.
Jht plan has this merit, that if it hi found that a flood is too
great for this rVnrnedhrte carriage to the bay the operation of flood
basins may be made an adjtrnct to ft. While there are differences
of o^i.vlcri aa to the Isvee system zs operated on the Mississippi, it
mc<.t L* remembered that the flood stretches of the Sacramento are
nrtich shorter, and if it be fotzxid that the fail of the river is not sufn
der.t to sectire a satisfactory scouring of the channel, the pump
dredge may be economically used to transfer the deposit to raise the
Ieve«% or to raise the Irrw places outside.
The co5,t of the plan is p-ut at $23,000,000, and the land, now un
used, which it will reclaim, is estimated at 1,000,000 acres. That is
only S23: ptr acre, which is the average cost of tule land reclamation
on the two rivers. It is expected that the State and- Federal govern
ments may combine in paying for this work. It is entirely feasible,
an*i as a last resort Loth governments can join in assessing the cost
to the land reclaimed, just as the Federal government gets back from
the owners of irrigated land the cost of the plant which reclaims it
irotn the' desert.
. For rr.zr.y yezr% many plans have been considered, some have
be«n- tried and all have been abandoned for this river rectification.
Tfashas been because of the lack of substantial co-operation. The
T>fe*£!e immediately concerned have differed and disagreed, and in
the presence of their conflict of opinion the rest of t'.ie people of the
State have maintained an attitude of unconcern. N'ow let us have
&(rstantiaJ zrA hearty agreement and an energetic and cheerful co
operjaixm and get this last plan in operation. Xo doubt much econ-
can be used in the work. In many places the pump dredge may
;?.fce the existing deposit out of the river and utilize it in building the
jevec by confining it between sheep piling, which will reduce the
CttJ*fic yard ost of the artificial banks and at the -same time relieve the
channel and increase the carrying capacity of the stream without
wk'itfng on the slower scouring process.
The work will probably begin at the lower end, as a beginning
at the upper would disuse the flood basins and send the whole flood
\o\nmc <iown to the lower reaches, where it would obliterate existing
reclamations. Of course care will be taken to avoid thrpwing floods
to one side or the other during construction at points where great
damage would be caused.
Our members of Congress are In hearty accord in the effort to
fcer.tirc Federal aid, and ther.e are 'so many ways in which the burden
of th<r work can be lightened by distributing" it that they should be
able to show that we have as much right to Federal assistance on
our shorter river as the greatrr number of States have on the long
M&sl^sippL California land is of too much importance to make its
disuse a matter of no concern to the State or the nation.
• It will be noticed that the engineers' report confirms The Call's
*latipment that hydraulic mining is not wholly blameworthy in the
.inaitcr, as there were great floods before it was known or used. The
silt carried by the flood water of rivers increases with the erosion of
cultivated lands. Wherever flood water is permitted to flow over
plowed fields it gathers the soil and carries it finally into the river
channel, which it raises, with a corresponding rise in the flood plane.
The proposed levees will keep the water off tilled lands and will
finally reduce the amount of silt carried by the stream.
There arc indications of opposition to the engineers' plan in sec
tions of the State remote from the scene of the river problem. The
Miner-Transcript, in Nevada County, has already indicated its oppo
sition. Hut General Green of the Colusa Sun, an engineer and one
of tht best observers of the river in the State, says to that paper: "We
think our contemporary has a pretty good understanding of the sub
ject, and as a man who understands a subject can take the wrong
Ride and make a pretty good fight, we are anxious that our friend
•hall not get himself committed until he knows he is right. We do
want 'to f,ec our mountain contemporary in a frame of mind that will
enable him to look at things without putting on his smoked glasses."
That is the proper spirit, and we join the Sun in hoping that the
press of the State will consider the extreme necessity of our fellovv
.citi/ens who are in reach of the floods, and will not hastily condemn
a remedy that may prove a complete solution of the great problem.
Thr Call stands for the interests of all and feels that the symmetrical
development of the State makes for the prosperity of all the people
r»f the commonwealth.
COMPULSORY ARBITRATION.
EX-SECRETARY OF STATE JOHN W. FOSTER, president
of the National Arbitration Conference and one of the leaders
of the international peace movement in this country, has con-»
tnbuted some interesting thoughts on the progress of the arbitration
I'lca in a recently published monograph upon "Arbitration and The
Hague Court." Especially noteworthy is his prognostication of the
.-•rm-ndments to the existing arbitration convention which are likely
uybe madr by the. second peace conference called into session by
'resident Roosevelt.
Foster believes that compulsory arbitration, sanctioned by all the
; <nvcrs signatory to the arbitration convention of 1899, is the inev
itable outcome of tendencies now being manifested by international
•K,-ace pacts. Under the joint compact signed by the nations at The
Hague recourse to the international arbitration court there estab
lished is made optional only; the allied powers are empowered to
bring to bear only the weight of their "good offices" in a dispute bc
lwccn nations which seems to be beyond the power of diplomatic so
lution. The weight of the world's opinion alone is made the sole
inspiration for the submission of international tangles to The Hague
court instead of to the arbitrament of war. The signal inadequacy
of this tentative provision is now finding its terrible demonstration in
the Far Eastern struggle.
Because Holland and Denmark and Argentina and Chile have
included treaties making an appeal to the arbitration court obli
gatory in all disputes between the several contracting parties, with
the sole reservation in favor of questions concerning the indepen
dence of one of them, Foster urges that the present arbitration trea
ties being engaged in between our country and several other nations
'In not go far enough. The Anglo-French treaty of last year, which
is supposed to be the model for similar pacts between the United
States and other powers, limits the obligation to submit to The
Hague court solely to matters concerning interpretation of existing
treaties or disputes of a judicial order.
It must be evident to the minds of even the most ardent sup
porters of the international arbitration movement that the great
nowcrs have not yet advanced far enough in the humanitarian ideas
inculcated by the first peace conference to accept the radical interpre
'.ntion of fifth-rate nations as their standard. The interests of .Great
' Vitain and the United States are not those jof Denmark or Argentina,
or can they be set to the rules inaugurated by 'tlujse minor states'
Oojnpulsory arbitration is an ideal, but an ideal still far in the horizon
of things practical. Meanwhile the world may count itself very well
satisfied that arbitration treaties such as those now being engaged
in by the leading powers have been made possible by the broadening
tolerance of humanity.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. DECEMBER ZO. 1901.
HALF HOUR
FOR LUNCH
BY TEMPLE BAILEY.
I EA2»ETIE"S CngET* Hew arrer th* !
I k*yi cf b*r typ*Tori£«r, then, then '•„
I wti & sharp click, as she struck a j
tzal period and a sign of relief
as tie drew tt.* paper out wlta
a whirr.
Oct. twi*. t2s«». act r<w «&*,
AsA trrw« £*r**tf * cos- r£ test.
fb« xar.* a* she wen: to a file case and
fvsk: G<at from certain odd corners all
Then in the stillness came the j
dlckety-cUckety-clJck of Jean- j
eue'g typewriter. \
quaint blue teapot, a caddy, a sugar
Lowl, two cups and two spoons.
The man at the desk on the other
side of the room settled back in his
cha!r and dropped his penciL
"Yon onght to be presiding over a
home teakettle," he said, "instead of
one in an ofllce."
"Sufficient unto the day — " Inter
jected Jeanetta as she measured the
tea.
"But you really shoaM think about
it." persisted Francis Darcy, chief
clerk in the law ofSce in which Jean
ette Melton did the typewriting.
"Oh, I'll think about it," said Jean
ette airily, "and some day when the
proper millionaire flits across my
horizon I'll say good-by to these
musty, fusty rooms and enter my
j.roper sphere," and she lighted the
alcohol lamp under her bras* kettle
and went to the window for the bottle
of cream.
Darcy whirled around and looked
at her keenly. "I didn't mean that,"
he said.
"Oh, didn't you?" asked Jeanette
calmly. "In one breath you say one
thing and contradict it In the- next.
Now, what do you really mean?"
She tax down to wait for the kettle
to boil and fixed her teasing gray
eyes on him. :
"You know -what I mean, Jeanette,"
he h«rf?a.n. "I don't want you to leave
here until you are ready to come to
me ss my wife — to my home."
"In other words, you want me to
transfer my tea making from the of
fice to a flat. Oh, it's much nicer thig
way. You mijtht get tired of me if
we were - married, and think how
dreadful that would be? Sow, if you
FROM RAGPICKER TO LAWMAKER.
From ragpicker to United States Sen
ator is a pretty big Jump, and yet that
in Just what the "new Senator from
Massachusetts has made, says the Chi
cago Journal. Not "ragpicker" exactly,
&n we might understand it, but almost
that. His grandfather, Zllnas Crane,
Antl-TTouscr Clnb.
The male Britishers seem in earnest
with their dr*»«H reform. The ranks
of the recently organized Anti-Trouser
Club are dally gaining recruits, pre
dicting a speedy return to the day of
the knickerbocker and the shoe. But
not only is there a cry of "no trousers"
for men, the kilt is now being advo
cated for boya. it makes one's knees
cold to think of It, but the kilted skirt,
those who have worn it say, really
gives a warmth to the loins which is
greatly conducive to strength.
It is recalled that Lord Roberts paid
a striking tribute to the physical en
durance of his kilted soldiers in South
Africa.
A FEW EARLY MORNING SMILES
RIGHT IN IT.
Professor, Bore— What is the 'beat
thing you can raise in the Philippines?
Student— The American flag.
get fired of ras yen caa g«t a new
typewrite?, btrt yos couldn't git &■
c«w wife."
"And besides." fce said Mtterfy. "I
ars poor, an<i yon don't -want to marry
a. z&or mac, Jeasetta-"
"Jib." sh* said, "brat If I lor*£ — **
and tfeSG she stopped a* tae door
epen*d &ni"the Junior member of th
firm looked In. The junior partner
■mrzs yacts. rather fforfdly handsome,
and very veil pleased wtta himself."
"Oh, ptit that away," h» said, aa fc»
saw the tea arrangements, "and com*
Oftit for loach, with me."
But Jeanette shook her head. "Don't
a*k me," sh« pleaded; ".Just think
what I shall tnlza." and she laughed as
the canted them. "A chicken sand
wich, a slice of bom* made cake and
isa — my own tea — home' brewed,"
and she Cashed a bright glance across
ax Francis, who sat tapping bis foot
gloomily.
Bat the eagerness of the junior part
ner was only Increased by her refusal.
"Tot: »sha.H have a bird, and salad,
and a soufSe," be said, "and wine, if
zroa wfIL"
Darcy cfencb^d bis hand, but the
junior partner heeded him no mora
than the fly which crawled on the waD.
He wanted Miss Meltcn to ltxncb with
him. £he was fair and sweet, and
pretty, by Jove, as pretty as any girl
In his own set.
"Come," he pleaded.
Jear.ette gianced towards Darcy. and
met in hia face only sternness. If he
had but known that she wished to re
fuse; that sir would rather drink a
cap of te_ with bfrn, than hav» all the
fine lunches in Christendom. But he
did cot know, and the, missing the
sympathy that she bad locked for, said
yes to the Junior partner.
Darcy sat alone, therefore, and ate
a p&rt of his lunch. He did not drink
his tea — for he could not touch the
pretty cup that she offered him daily
with so much grace. He stared at the
blank wall and imagined Jeanette in
the softly lighted dining-room of the
great hotel. He knew the Junior part
ner would take her to a . fashionable
place. That was one thing in his favor
— he was not ashamed to be feen with
his typewriter. But It was the first
time that Jeanette had gone.
"And it won't be the last,** groaned
poor Darcy. with his bead on his desk.
"Yes it will," aald a soft voice behind
him, and be whirled around to see
Jeanette, all smiles and blushes, fresh
as a rose.
"H« asked me to marry him,** sh»
aaid without farther remark.
Darcy's head dropped down on his
desk.
Silence.'
Then in the stillness came the "cllck
ety, clickety-cllck" of Jeanette's type
writer. Darcy raised his head and
picked up his pencil desperately. He
might as well begin. Same old routine,
same old work, same old struggle, and
now Jeanette would be out of tt,
whirled into a gay life by the riches of
the junior partner, and he would be
alone — alone.
The typewriter was silent, and he
heard the whirr of paper being pulled
out, and then Miss Melton's step as
she crowed th»> room. She laid a sheet
of paper In front of him. On It was
neatly typed, "But I refused him."
Darcy caught both of her hands in
his.
"Oh, Jeanette, Jeanette," he cried
rapturously. "Why did you "do it? Why
did ycu refuse a rich man like that?"
"Because," said Jeanette demurely,
"I'd rather make your tea."
"At the office or in our home, dear?"
"Both," said little Jeanette.—
(Copyright, 1904, by Temple Bailey.)
founded a small paper mill at Dalton,
Inline western part of Massachusetts,
and, his father, also Zilnaa, succeeded
in the business. When Murray Cran»»
was 17 years old he left the public
schools to take a place in the mill, be
ginning at the lowest place, that of
ragpicker.
Verdict Returned In Rhyme.
"Juries sometimes. In making their
verdict, perpetrate villainous verse."
says Representative Smith of Penn-
Bylvanla. "I am not against veree
making; in fact, I rather enjoy reading
poetry, but a deadline uhould be
drawn on rendering a verdict In
rhyme.
"In a breach of promise suit In my
State the evidence showed conclusively
that the defendant had proven faith
less to a fair lady by the name of
Wright. The Jury rendered the ver
dict: •
Th« plaintiff Jn this case I* Wright
And well her »ult has won.
One thousand dollars for the Might
Must com« from 6amu«l Dunn.
SORRY HE DID IT. •
Boy with Pillow— I ain't going to sur
prise any one again with a birthday
present. .
Second Boy— Why. ain't you?
. Boy with Pillow— 'Cause I Jess bought
the old man a set of false teeth and
they didn't fit. '
THIS MAN
HOPS ON HIS
HEAD.
MEMBERS cf the'htEmas famCy
have r-neralir thought, ft pra
dent - to leave waSdns head
C downward to 2i» and ctfcsr In
sects fitted far ft fcy natcre, but a young
Dane , canisd Baptlste has recently been
astonishing the citizens of Berlin by
provlnsr that there fs an exce^rtfoa even
to this rule, says tie Lcudon Graphic
It was cct stirprtrfng- wbea Baptists
Picture of Baptiste taken aa
a» he was resting on a chimney
top".
suddenly started to walk on his head
from the corner of the Unter den Lin
den to the Winter Garden the other
day that a crowd collected to such an
extent that the traffic was seriously
interfered with. "Whereupon a police
man politely tapped young Baptiste on
the legs and suggested that it would be
as well If he reversed bis position. Bap- j
tiste accompanied the offlcer to the po
lice station, and there It transpired that
he walked on his head to earn his liv
ing at the Winter Garden Variety The
ater. Some of the spectators at the the
ater had donbted the genuineness of
his display, thinking that he must be
assisted by some kind of stage mechan
ism. The feat is perfectly straightfor
ward, however. Baptiste straps a small
pad to the top of his head, then, stand
ing on his hands, lets himself down on
his head, when he proceeds to get
over the ground by a series ot short, *
Jerky Jumps. While in this position he '
is able to perform many of the acts |
of everyday life with apparent ease, j
His performances, not unnaturally, \
have produced abnormally developed {
muscles in his shoulders and neck.
WHAT HAVE WE
DOflE TO-DAY
WE shall do so much in the years
to come.
, But what have we done to
day?
We shall give our gold in a princely sum.
But what did we give to-day?
We shall lift the heart and dry the tear.
We shall plant a hope in the place of
fear.
We shall speak the words of love and
cheer.
But what did we speak to-day?
We shall b« so kind in the after-a-whila»
But have we been to-day? "
We shall bring to each lonely lif» a
smile.
But what have we brought to-day?
We shall give to truth a grander birth.
And to steadfast faith a deeper worth.
We shall feed the hungering souls of
' I earth.
But whom have we fed to-day?
We shall reap such Joys in the by and by,
But what have we sown to-day?
We shall build us mansions in the sky.
But what have we built to-day?
'Tls sweet in idle dreams to bask.
But here and now do we do our task?
Yes, this is the thing our soul must ask.
What have we done to-day?
— Nixon Waterman. In Christian Intelli
• gencer.
Centenarians Are Many.
More than BOO persons in the United
8tates are 100 years old or over. There
were 200,584 persons who could not tell
their ages to the census takers.
ins idea. •
"Anything in this new woolen trust?' 1
"Yes."
•'What?". .:
"Moths."
THE SMART SET
BY SALLY SHARP.
The eegagraejrt cf Miss Susie Le
Count and Rev. David Evans £«-bring
ing in scores of cengrats^atiens. for
Miss Le Count »-»« Icng beea a favor
ite cf society, net merely in the every
day acceptance cf that term, but fsr
th» beauty and lovab!en*S3 cf her char
acter and ilszxmnas. The bride is the
<?aTTgtiter of J. P. Le Cocnt cf the firm
of Le Count Brothers cf pioneer estab
lishment fa this State. Her sister. Miss
IZIa Le Coust. was married to Liea
tenaat Eoccm. U. S. N^ a few years
sctx Rer. David Evans is rectcr cf
Grmc* Episcopal Church.
Constant honor by entertainnt'ent has
been paid to Miss Marie Vocrhies sicce
the announcement of her engagement
to Captain HaMimand Putnam Toung.
Thi* week has scarcely ecctalued suf
ficient days wherein to do her homage
before her weddirut to- morrow, and all
the hours from now on will be nlled to
overflowing. On Wednesday evening
Mra. H. E, Hcntlngton entertained the
fair bride with her fiance at a theater
party to see Blanche Bates. Among
others were: Miss JoliSe. Dr. Arnold
Genthe. Philip Paschel. Richarl Young.
A merry dance was given last even
ing by Miss ErU at- her home en
Franklin street. Being a holiday af
fair the decorations were In keeping,
all the Christmas symbols being in evi
dence. The young people were charm
ingly entertained and among them
were: Miss Jessie Fliimore, Miss E
ea Draper, Miss Logan, Miss Genevieve
Logan. Miss Roberta Deal, Misa Mary
La Conte. Mias Margaret Hayne, Lieu
tenant Robinson, Lieutenant Cox. J. W.
Hayward. Robert Henderson, Stewart
Chlsholo, Russell Springer.
A Christ mag party will be given to
.morrow aftemooa by Morgan Draper
to his young friends.
Tempieton Crocker of IJew York has
arrived In town with a party cf friends
who will spend eotae time in San Mateo
at the Crocker country Dlace.
The tea glren in the Palm Garden
yesterday by Mrs. George Pinckard
was In honor of Mrs. Leavitt Logan,
wife* of the Ohio's commander. The
MIRROR OF DAME FASHION
A smart two-piece stteet suit of brc'vn mired cheviot, piped
with cardinal vehet at the seatr.s and edges of hands. A car
dinal velvet crush belt fastens zvith a large gilt buckle.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
WILD GEESE — D. P., City. The
best place to shoot and capture wild
geese in California is In Colusa and
Glenn counties. The people of both
counties bless the hunters, who de
stroy thousands of these birds.
PRIVATE SECRETARY — Sub
scriber, City. The duties of a private
secretary are those that the Individual
employing such lays down for him.
The employer dictates to the secretary,
but the secretary does not dictate to
the employer.
NOT IN THE CENSUS— A. B..
City. In the report of the United
States census for 1900 for the State of
New York there are no figures for
'•Williamsburg, ' Kings County." nor
does there appear any record of "Wil
liamsburg, N. J." -
DISTANCE— S., City. • In order to
give the desired Information as to dis
tance between ' St. Petersburg and
Port Arthur it would be requisite to
know by what route the party intends
to travel. There" are a great many
sailing routes between the two places
and In following any of these routes
the vessel would have to round the
Cape of Good Hope.
A PATENT— J. H. . C, City. You
•ji>i were r*rr atmct^e wlri rwn
asd f-m*. and rutry sr^est-* ?a**»rS -»
£* r Jgiziz2 a'tsTZCTZ. Tie fnzzt^z *•--
partsra cf Sir*- Pirx-iarf ssl*» s=a.-Js du
a^air «m« cf a fJtrrsreH caxzr*. ?J lis
hostess with s#r*ra3 :=«=j:>£rs cf a*r
fa=f2y an«i M:^ K«S«3 Ch«*»^r^-€h
will aaC airsa^ ear5T fa J-inr^try- Ti.r»»
att«=.dir^ tie pret?7 tr.T£t'JStx t*t-:
Itisa Lccy G-jrts C'/feras. illss 9c ; - i
Ccr^man. MIhi Lfi«^n. MIee it»ry Ett*.
Jlisa H«:ea Ch-wbr^.^s. Mrm. Lvrsan.
Mrs. ESwarf Eyr*. Sir*. A&rfJaTls. ILi
WiTIiaza H- CrseScer. Ur*. Arthur E::
laad. Mrs. Sryrsc^r Lccie cf Pasa
desa.
Miss ITz.-> Vocrhi«s an-2 Capiiia
Touns were t=fcs--s cf bOOflK at a Bbaacs
givea at the Fa**M ca W*<*=«»*ar by
General aad Mnlfccr. a^i SC»
Jessie Mocre wC saH ta-czarrow tes
A small tut delightful coterie was •=-
tertalned a: the hc=e cf the VOsun
Marie and Era WWSnrif ca Wednesday
evening 1 . Within these spacteu* azi
hospitable deers there is muca to fea
*e»a cf beauty and fcstructivessss. Tr. »
privilege cf rattling atout th» rtadkai
of music and brush is enough of itatiL
ard ca this evening three cf th* gaesti
added much cf their offerings cf sen?.
Th-y were Miss Elizabeth 1112s. ICat
Wak»=u and Alvin PumerL 9a=3C rt
the ether quests were Mrs. W. H. 51. r
Miss Tuchclsky, Mrs. R. Browa. 21:
ani Mrs. Jarr.*s Reed. Mr. and lln
Fry. Mr. and lira. Fremont Older, ilr
and Mrs. Lee (Bertha S^ri=ser). C H
Lombard and Signer Ventura,
Mr. and lira. Rlcharf Waltca TcT*t
will arrive from Xe» York nex: «••*<
and wiU sp«sd the winter In Ca^rrr: i.
A reception will be held la their haa:r.
given by IT'.sa Adeline Knapp, ca Ja=^.
ary S at her Mill Valley bonie. : : ■
Knapp has Just been awarded a thirl
cf the last capital prize offered by th«
Black Cat.
• • •
Mrs. Mary Austin, who la wcrk!=;
assiduously along literary lines at h»r
own home la Independence. I=yo Conr
ty. will corns to San Francisco fa ti»
rear future.
will havevto follow the same course in
order to obtain a patent for a "small
and simple Invention" as % you would
if it was a large and intricate in
vention. If the Invention is worth
patenting at all. you will have to en
ffage the services of a patent office at
torney, who will guard your interest?.
If you do not. you may make a mis
tnke in trying, on your own account,
to secure the patent and find yourself
defrauded out of what you are en
titled to. ftflfl
PUBLISHING A BOOK— N. W..
City. What a publisher charges and
what the author pays for the publica
tion of a book on which the author
expects to obtain a royalty depends on
the contract between the publisher
and the author. There is no set rule
to govern such matter, each case rests
upon its merits. -
Time to send Townsend's Cal. glace
fruits for New Year's presents. 715 Mkt*
Townsend's California Glace fruits fa
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market sr_
and Wakelee's Drug Store. *
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Aliens). 30 Cali
fornia, street. Telephone Main 1043. *ADVERTISEMENTS.
The $35,000 Solid Gold
DOg <His Master's Voice) NOW Oil
Exhibit in Our Windows
o— : — o
" This" is the faraons 24-karat pure gold dog and talking
machine, made for the St. Louis World's Fair, exhibited by
the Victor Talking Machine Co.
One of the largest pieces ever done in gold in the history
ef the world.
A masterpiece by Tiffany & Co., the greatest goldsmiths
in America.
There is positively no other composition than pure 24-
karat gold in the make-up of the dog or of the metal parts of
•the machine and horn-
It is full size — the dog standing about 18 inches high.
This is the most valuable dog ever shown anywhere and
; ' represents in an everlasting and impressive manner the trade
«r.ark of the Victor Talking Machine, the greatest musical in-
strument of the age.
Insurance companies require that both dog and machine
' be deposited in the vaults of the Crocker-Woohvorth Bank
while the store is closed, consequently it maj' only be seen
between 8 a. m. and 5:30 p. m.
It will be exhibited in our middle Kearny-street window
and will be well worth making a special trip downtown to see.
O _<
. KEARNY AND SUTTER. STS., S. F.
13th and BROADWAY, OAKLAND.
SENATOR DEPEW
DEFEATS BLACK
(xmerjior Odell Yields to
i.tjitj Popular Demand for
• the • Orator's Ke-election
NEW YORK. Dec 29.— Chaur.cey . M.
Uepew of New York will succeed him
self for a term of six years as United
States Senator from the State of New
York, continuing as the colleague of
Senator- Thomas C. Platt, who has four
yeaxs to serve.
-The. formal announcement of this con
clusion was made late this afternoon in
the Fifth Avenue Hotel by Governor
Odell as- chairman of the Republican
State Committee, and came as the cul
mination of a series of conferences by
prominent Republicans. *■ ,. : >
The jiurj/ort of the announcement Is
•.hat tbe candidacy of former Governor
Fraftk €. Black of Troy, which has
been warmly pressed by his friends
during the uast fortnight or more, is
to be withdrawn and that the name of
Senator Depew will be the only one
presented to the caucus of Republican
.legislators which will select the party's
candidate for Senator.
Governor Odell left the city. It was
Mdfl; for Newburgh early this evening.
This is the etatement which he gave
-out .beJore leaving Republican head-
Quarters:
At chalnnsa of the Republican Stata Ccm
r ■•■ "■ of titw YorK afwr a loot serie« of
lnquirf-*. *rteafiins all over the Ftaw. I have
r«*cbt-3 tU« irccn.cJu«lcn that party harmony
«*!!• b« te*t eabwrved by the re-e'.ectlon of
Besator. r*j>ew. la the position which I oc
cujt I if" 1 frequently called upon to p&i % upon
th* rlainai cf friends and while my sympathy
tnsy t«, * t *•■* the ca*e !n the present Htna
tcnal ccate»Vi with one strocieer thaa the
other. y«t out mast recosniz* the fa.ct tha.t
jxrsi'r-al interest* r.uit alway« be «ubE»rvi«nt
to party ruoce*s.
A raosth &ro nsy knowledge of the situation
In th« "£tite *u cot aa eonsplete as It U at
pre«ert asS these cf icy friends who thought
thsx a" chanjre m'xfct t* d-sirable for p^rty
res»cns must now recosnSxe the sentiment
-»hlch has manirejrted Itself all over the State
*3 ttrourly for th« rerarn of Senator Depew.
tath bein* the case, Jt would hare been th
wcrst kind of pcrtr r«aeralship to have run
rotaster t* this expressed pcblle opinion.
Governor Odell announced this after
noon the name cf Chauncey M- Depew
•ft Cuid t>e the only oce presented at the
Republican caucus.
"Governor Odell was asked: "Did you
jatt learn that the sentiment of the
party wag for Depew?"
'.••.V#, I did not just find it out. I
have bten working on the matter ever
fince $UrVi<jTi day."
"Did the Platt conference last week
ha\-e any effect on your course?"
-1 can't say that it\did. Many of my
friends .attended that conference, and
Ifc.M-ought out nothing- particularly
new. I knew all along that there was
h strong sentiment for Depew."
To-day's conference between Odell,
Dfj»ew and other leaders must have
'bet-n as amicable r.s it was brief, as
Founds or merriment could be heard.
Senator Depew had been In conference
<>rjy a few minutes when he hurried
out. bis face wreathed in smiles. He
, "The optimist wins, as he always
does, and I am It. The Senatorship" is
Fettled In my favor, and through Gov
ernor Odell harmony has been brought
about. He is the only man in the State
*vho could have brought harmony out
«t the EltuaUon. I am very grateful to
him."
"How about Black?" the Senator was
"I understand that he is satisfied"
uas the reply; "in fact, that everybody
is now satisfied that the matter has
b^en settled amicably and that there is
;:?neral harmony."
I'ACTIOXAL mi-VEKEXCKS
Attempt to Organize Delaware Leg
*slatar e Re*zi!t« in Deadlock.
DOVER, Del.. Dec. 29,-After BDend-
ing the entire day in fruitless balloting
the new Delaware Legislature, which
convened in extra session to-day, ad
journed without having effected a per
manent organization. The House elect
ed Representative Baggs (Union Re
publican) temporary chairman.
The two houses will meet again to
morrow morning. When the factional
differences can be adjusted sufficiently
to bring about an organization the
judgment lien law, to adjust which the
extraordinary session is called, will be
passed on. The deadlock over organiza
tion was the result of differences be
tween the Union (Addicks) Republi
cans and the regular Republicans over
the division of the legislative offices.
The Unions, who are In the majority,
insist on having two-thirds of the of
fices, while the regulars demand that
they be equally divided.
The House adjourned early in the
afternoon, after taking a dozen ballots,
but the Senate continued .until- thirty
ballots had been taken. All the bal
lots were alike, showing seven Union
Republican^ seven Democrats and
three regular Republicans, all holding
to their respective factional nominees.
Then all the balloting was declared il
legal and expunged from the Journal.
The House voted for a Speaker, while
the balloting !n the Senate was for a
President pro tern. .••>;?:
New York Life Policyholden
Should read the analysis of the New York
Life financial methods In the current
numbers of the Era Magazine; 10 cents
all BPT» staple •
To Pay Sutro Mortgage.
"Dr. Emma L. Merritt yesterday
asked permission of Judge Coffey to
pay $32,500 toward the Hibernla Sav
ings and Loan Society mortgage on
the Adolph Sutro estate. She says the
money was received from the sale of
property and there is a strong likeli
hood that from time to time she will
be able to sell more land at orlces it
would not be advisable to accept un
less the receipts are applied In reduc
ing the Indebtedness. If the mortgage
!s paid, she says, it will enable her to
put the big estate on a self-support
ing basis.
ADVERTISEaiEyTS. '
T^cST ify -t'Mp- Of Cloth Suits, Velvet* Suits, Covert, Jackets, tkH
/fv »- to Toiirist* Coats, Dress Coats. Evening Wraps,
y Velvet, Coats, Separate Skirts, Silk Waists,
fc%&rmfyJ{~./J$' L^ce Net, Waists, Flannel Waists, Silk Petti-
W'Sp vlJfS^rV coats, Undermuslins, Underwear, Corsets, a
'^Jm^IV^ Hosiery and Wrappers j£jg.
WwmWi Is Selling at 20% Off— Ek
I'fRlk s *" an 31 * Prices f
/t| ! <f^H^»^ SALE ENDS TO-MORROW NIGHT i
i'i '•'i/ifld^ftOf Y^ 1 And You shotUd Ba y *t x 0nc« If Yea Intend to Profit by Its rconomici. &§j9B&ffi
DORT POBQET OXTR ITUMBEB.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, 'DECEMBER 30, 1904.
GERMAN LADIES' SOCIETY
MAKES POOR HAPPY.
PENSIONERS RECEIVE QIETS
SCENE IN GOLDEN GATE HAU. YESTERDAY WHEN THE GERMAN LADIES'
BENEVOLENT SOCIETY DISTRIBUTED POOD AND RAIMKNT, AND IN
MANY INSTANCES MONEY. TO THE POOR AND NEEDY.
Many of the needy, old and young,
were made happy at the Christmas fes
tival given by the German Ladles*
Benevolent Society yesterday at Golden
Gate Hall. The place was beautifully
decorated with Christmas evergreens,
and a tree gleaming with lights and
glittering with ornaments was In the
center of the halL
Over a hundred pensioners of the or
ganization partook of dainty refresh
ments and were sent away loaded with
gifts. There were toys for the children,
| warm garments for the aged and gro
1 cerles In profusion for the mothers of
I needy families. As the women of the
I society visit the poor under their charga
] every month they know just the sort of
J Christmas presents each of the pension- j
j ers needs. !
The society has been following this
custom for over twenty-five years, but
the Christmas festival yesterday is be
lieved to have been the most success
ful in the history of the organization.
Donations to the cause were generous.
The hall looked like a department
store, so crowded was It ■with good
things, and over JCOO in money was on
hand for distribution.
The ladies of the society were bust
ling about the hall continually, wishing
Drink Overcomes Add.
Mrs. Etta Robinson, wife of Edward
Robinson, a teamster, 415 Sixth street,
attempted suicide last night In her
rooms. The action of the acid was pre
vented by several drinks of liquor
which she absorbed preparatory to tak
ing the poison. Dr. Millan pumped her
stomach out and said she was in no
danger. Her husband says she has
been drinking heavily.
Eliminate from the blood the uric and
lactic acids that cause . rheumatism by
using Lash's Kidney and Liver Bitters. •
— « ■» ■
EEIDE1A/S BODT CLAIMED. — An under
taking firm of this city received a dispatch
yesterday from Mrs. C. C. MPler, Peterboro.
X. Y.. requesting it to take chargs of the re
mains of W. C. Seidell, tha Cornell University
graduate who killed himself last Tuesday night
by inhaling gas In his room, 532 Ellin street.
Mir. Miller is not a relative of the dead man,
but Is a well known benefactress cf Cornell
University and had been In correspond enca
with Se!de IJ.
each pensioner a "merry Christmas"
as he or she entered. A pretty feature
of the affair was the singing of "O.
Tannebaum," an old German carol. The
voices of the aged grandfathers and
grandmothers intermingled with those
of the children in the song. When the
Christmas tree was lit tbe old folks
gazed at the gleaming little taper lights
and thought of Christmas days spent
in the Fatherland long ago, while the
little ones laughed , and played near
them.
The following presided at the differ
ent tables: Refreshment tablerMrs. F.
D. Stadtmuller and Miss Stadtmuller;
packages, Mrs. Buck, Mrs. Broemmel
and Mrs. Grinbaum; confectionery,
Mrs. Esberg and Mrs. Meugsdorffer;
groceries. Mrs. Habenlcht. Miss Habe
nicht and Mrs. Fehleisen; toys, Mrs.
Hecht and Mrs. Schild; money distri
bution. Mrs. Koster, Mrs. Gottlg and
Mrs. Kreutzmann.
The officers of the society are: Mrs.
Caroline Koster. president: Mrs. M. Es
berg, vice president; Mrs. L. Gottig.
treasurer, and Mrs. F. Fehleisen. sec
retary. The directors are: Mrs. M. L.
Grinbaum, Mrs/ B. Broemmel, Mrs. E.
M. Buck. Mrs. F. Habenicht, Mrs. T.
Hecht, Mrs. M. J. Kreutzmann, Mrs.
John C. Meussdorffer. Mrs. F. D. Stadt
muller and Mrs. E. Schild.
Snicfde at Saloon Door.
Daniel Loring swallowed the con
tents of a small bottle of carbolic acid
yesterday while seated on the steps
of John Nagelmaker's saloon at 222
Fourth street. He was taken to the
Emergency Hospital and dicyl v/hiJu
on the operating table. Papers in his
pockets showed him to be a memlev
of Sierra Lodge of Odd Fellows at
Downieville.
A dream of pleasure, the new two for
quarter size American. $2 73 box 26. •
MRS. CLARK WANTS JURY TRIAXi.— Mrs.
Emma Clark appeared In Judge Mopan's court
yesterday In answer to the charg» preferrtd
by an attache of the Board of Health that
she was conducting a maternity hospital with
out a permit. She demanded a jury trial and
the case was continued until January 5. Sec
retary White of the Society for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Children, who was riven & chance
to purchase a baby for $75 by Mrs. Clark.
has petitioned the Supreme Court for jruard
lanship papers and the matter will come up
before Ju3g« Mur&sky to-day.
CAP AND BELLS
CLUB'S YULETIDE
ENTERTAINMENT
The first annual Yuletlfie entertain
ment under the auspices of the Cap
and Bells Club drew a select assem
blage yesterday afternoon to the So
rosis Club on^Californla street. The
programme was an attractive one
and was strictly an old time colonial
affair. It was rendered under the di
rection of Mrs. W. P. Buckingham,
and all the members present were
robed in old colonial gowns in keep
ing with the rest of the entertain
ment.
The decorations were also colonial
and the pretty clubrooms resembled
one of the houses of luxury during the
revolutionary days. Mrs. Bucking
ham read an original colonial ro
mance in verse entitled "Grandma's
Reveille." It was the story of a woman
heroine of the Revolution, whose hus
band and three sons were fighting for
the freedom of t"heir country. Mrs.
Buckingham pictured the leading
character as a noble woman and
scored a great hit when she recited
the piece.
The rest of- the programme consist
ed of "Wit and Humor," by several
club members; "Ye Old Time Quad
rille." by Mrs. S. P. Blumenberg and
Miss Longworthy; "The Daughter of
the Regiment," by Helen Darling; "Old
Time Song." by Mrs. Charles Stewart;
"Ye Old Time Minuette," by Mrs.
Buckingham; "The Puritan Maiden."
by Mrs. V. C. Drlffleld. and James
Whltcomb Riley's "Old Glory." by
Mrs. Buckingham.
Round Table Club Dinner.
The Round Table Club gave a dinner
last evening in the red banquet room
of the Hotel St. Francis, covers being
laid for thirty-six. . The decorations,
which were attractive, were all In red,
presenting a unique appearance.
Royal Archers Elect Officers.
At the election held last Wednesday
by San Francisco Lodge No. 2, Knights
of the Royal Arch, the following were
elected to office: Past valiant com
mander, Theodore Lunstedt; valiant
commander, Frank Shannon; lieuten
ant commander, E. L. Wagner; treas
urer, James Garrity; orator, George
W. Miller; recorder, Frank G. Ro
ney; assistant recorder. J. F. Mc-
Ardle; master of ceremonies. D.
Becker; car>tain of the guard, W. H.
Westerfield; tyler, John T. Saul; phy
sician, L. W. Spriggs; attorney, C. G.
Xagle; organist, L. Slater; board of
trustees — James W. Boyce. Thomas
J. Clancy, Charles Mitchell. Luke Mar
isch and I. H. Spiro.-
The installation will take place at
the meeting night of January 4, 1905,
by Grand* Valiant Commander Theo.
Lunstedt.
CHRISTMAS TREE PARTT. — The members
cf the Harmonle Singing Society rave an en
joyable Christmas tree party at Union. Square
Hall last Wednesday evening. The affair was
given for the benefit of the children of th«
members and the Uttle ones were highly
plea»ed. After an enjoyable programme a
grand ball took place. The committee la
charge of tbe affair consisted of Sam Levi.
Robert Lorentz. Max Dunow and Charles
Dresther.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BM|jCTimfl^^^^J^^BBP3BsM^BsMf
r^^mim i it hlw ■ ■ n^ "-""Tp^Tnnsniiri
BAJA
Damiana Bitters
| S A GREAT RESTORATIVE, IXVIGORA-
* tor and Xerviue. • ,
Tbe most wcnUerful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for tbe Sexual Organs, for both sex*s.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of tb«
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells en Its own merits.
NABER. ALFS & BRUXE, Agents.
328 Market su. S. F. — (Send for Circulars.)
GADSKI
THE GREAT SOPRANO
Alhambr a Theatre
Kelt TUESDAY and THURSDAY NIGHTS
January 3 and 5.
SATURDAY MATii-E. Jan. 7.
SEATS S2.00. S1.50. 31.00. EEADY
i THIS AI0RHING.
at Eherman. Clay & Co.'s, wh«?re complete
prottrainjiies may be obtained. . . :
NOTE.— Mail- orders accoaipaaieU by re-
mittance will be filled in order cf receipt.
< Address WILL. . L. GREENB ACM.
California /pw Club
OAKiAITD TRACK.
Racing every weeK day. rain . or shine.
Races start at 2 : 1 5 p. m. sharp.
2TEW TEAS HANDICAP. S2000 ADDED,
TO BE BUN MONDAY. JAN. 2.
For special trains stopping at the track take
g ■ P. Ferry, foot of Market street, -at 13:00.
12:80. 1:00. 1:SO or ' 2:00. Returning trains
leave tbe track at 4:10 and 4:45 p. m. and lra-
n-.edlately alter the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLJAilS. President.
PERCY W. TREAT, SecreUrr.
PRAGKRS
Friday Surprise No. 24
Prices for To- Day Only.
Choice Creamery
Butter H;> a sq 36c
We guarantee it to be the best quality and a most de-
pendable article, and every square full weight.
Groceries for Your New Year's Dinner
(Fourth Floor)
Imported Pulled Figs — In i-lb Plum Pudding — Gordon O/)/.
, basket; regularly 2^c; 4 Q* & DillworthV. i-lb tins. £l/C
jptoal a: IOC Chestnuts—Imported Ital- f C -
o . . _. . T . ian; I Ib i^C
SMt" d ° n 25C Coffee-Mocha and Jara: our fa-
layer, 4 lbs ...4JL mous Tower Brand .pg
Raisins — Extra fancv clusters; a N> fc^v
ribbon tied; regularly *t 7+ Citron — Best glace; lb. ... *f C r
25c a lb; now, lb J1C : iJC
New Year Calendars Enameled Saucepan
(Main Floor) (Third Floor)
To-day we offer all of our "tfi^ Our Friday
25c and 30c Calendars at I l/L Surprise offer-^ — "^k_^^^
All of our 35c to soc Cal- -fC- in K in ° u
endars at IDC Kitchen Uten- %££/ '
All of our 60c to $1.2^ Xt\* ■ Dep " tment _ f _
Calendars at 3UC "1 * a <?*** R °?? 1 ed
., . Lipp-d Saucepan that vnll hold 4
All are very beautiful and quarts. Its selling price ii tjc
many are works of art. To-day special tt
They are just the thing to send
your friends as a New Year's
greeting. B \>Q f
The prices are for our Friday J^ —
Surprise Sale to-dav only.
in Our ! J Neck-
liinTh" OfJ AIA*an« RELIABLE SS-'Sto
todav iff MARKET&cJONES S7S S?U5U
P r your choic«.
00/* * ne shopping inducements that hava made *f Ef
£> ry this store popular are still here. J */ 1
AMUSEMENTS.
Of[R\||f$|JtiOUS[
The Holiday Attraction
Will Be the Tlvoirs
Famous Ocera Success
KING
DODO
Special ChrimtmaM Holiday atatineei
Saturday at 2; New Tear's, Jaa. 1 and 3.
Grand Transformation Scene: "A CHILD'S
DREAM OF CHRISTMAS." a beautiful Holi-
day Story told In four enchanting Tableaux
with SANTA CLAU3 AND A. CHRISTMAS
TREE.
GRAND OPERA
BALE OF RESERVED SEATS
OPENS ■WEDNESDAY, JANUART 4.
PRICES— >2. |1 50. |1. SOc.
GRAJ^D ~
MATINEE T0-SI0BE0W
HOLIDAY MATUNTEE
NEXT MONDAY
S — WEEKS ONLY — 3
DAVID BELASCO Pres«nts
BLANCHE BATES
In the drama of old Japan.
THE DARLING OFTHE 60DS
. By David Be!asco and John Luther Lor.?.
Curtain Rises at 8 o'clock sharp.
SEATS POS SECOND WEEK
j HOW OH SALE.
1 —^— —
t*U LUIVIeSI A LMHHB UEA2
_____
THIS and NEXT WEEK.
j Nightly. Including: Sunday — Matinee Saturday.
SPECIAL HOLIDAY MATINEE
NEXT MONDAY.
Henry TV. Savage Offers
Georce Ade's Musical Satire.
THE
! SULTAN
OF SULU
Music by Alfred G. Wathall.
Comisr— WARDE and KIDDER.
CALIFORNIA N
I BRING THE CHILDREN |
1 TO-MORROWS MATINEE, |
James A. Herne's Greatest of AH ■
American Pastoral Comedies. if
SHORE ACRES
j §3 . With its powerful cast of ths original
• H favorites". Don't miss the New Year's
g» eve celebration to-morrow* nlth*.
U BEST SUNDAY NIQHT
I "YON YONSON." ■
I H. W. BISHOP. Lessee and Manarer.
I ALL THI3 WEEK.
! 25c and SOc — Matinee To-morrow — 25c and 50e
lloyt's Famous Farce Comedy.
A CONTENTED WOMAN
In Which Oliver Morosco Offers
I . HOWARD GOULD AMD J. H. GILMOCR
1 And the Majestic Players, with OZA WAL-
; . DROP In the cast.
] To-night — Benefit for ■ United CoaunercIaJ
TraTelers of America.
Starting M&Unee' Monday. Jan. 2 — "HELD BY
THE ENEMY." \- . ;
I M1SCEIXAXEOCS AMUSEMEXTS.
FISCHER'S THEATER
TONY LUBELSKI. G*n. Mjrr.
HIGH- CLASS VAUDEVILLE.
10c and 20c. Children 10c.
. Afternoons. 2:30. Erenlr-gs 7:30 and 9
CONTINUOUS SAT.. SUN.." HOLIDAYS.
2 to 5 and T to 11 p. in.
TEN GREAT ACTS. New Movlsc Pictures.
D D TT C I1 1? C BAPJBERS. BAK-
DnUonLo «*• bcc £}* c **> *»u>-
houses. billiard tables.
brewers; bookbinders, candy maker*, canners.
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen, tax- roofer*, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BBOS.,
Snub Xanu* acturer*. 609 Sacramento 81
A3irSEMEXTS.
LYRIC HALL WILL GREENBArM.
Burton Holmes
TRAVELOGUES
MAOjnriCEjrr colohjed views
OBIGINAI. MOTION PICTXXKX3
TWO COURSEa EXACTLY ALIKE.
I Course A. j Cburs* B.
IX LONDON.. .'tubs.. Jaa. l^Wed.. Jaa. U
ROUND ABOUT 1
LONDON Thors.. Jaa. 12 Fri.. Jan. 13
IRELAXD ISat.. Jan. 14'Moa.. Jan. 18
RUSSIA Tttes.. Jan. 17, Wed.. Jaa. I*
JAPAN ; Thurs.. Jan. 19, Fri. . Jan. 2<>
SALE OF COURSE TICKETS. M. $3 and J2.
Tuesday. Jan. 3. at Sherman, day It Co.'s.
! comer Setter and Kearny streets.
MAIL ORDERS, accompanied by check, ad-
dressed to Th* Burton Holmes Lectures, cars
of Sherman. Clay St Co.. will receiv* attention
In crder of recelot.
SPXCIAX. MATT2TEE MOITDAT (Jaa. 2)
ORPHEUM ROAD SHOW
UeXntyrt ana Heath; Spessardy'» Bears
and Poni«s; Orico Palotta aad thm
Tom Millinery Maids; Tit* X*tcnaa!
Clarice Vance; Smtrl and Kessner;
Probst the Great, and Orphenm Motion
Pictures, Snowtna; w Tne Sabazbanlte."
tait Times of AT.BEBTCTA M2SUCX.
Regnlar Matinees every Wedneaday, Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday.
Prices — 10c, 23c and 60c
ALCAZAR ~™r
Oneral Masaacr.
AN ENOKMOUS SUCCESS!
TO-2TCGXT — Mats. Sat. and Boa.
NEXT WEEK ALSO.
OWI2TO TO OXEAT DXMAJTO
WITH HOLTD AT MAT. KOS9AT
Only San Francisco Production of Rlenar*
Manaueld'a Version of the D*Ucstmi Plar.
OLD HEIDELBERG
Tb« Quaint German Student Socrs by a Triple
Male Quartet.
NO ADVANCE XX PIUCE9L
Monday. Jan. »— LOST RIVER.
CENTRAL*!?
Market straet. near Eishtn. Phone Boota 93\
A TRTCMPH OF STACEOLaTT.
LAST THREE N1GHT3.
MATTXEES SATURDAY AND BTOTDAT.
Tb* Grsatoat Sensation Er*r Sera on a Sue*.
THE HEART OF CHICAGO
A melodrama fall of neart-ctlrrtsc emotloaa
and tartU*.
The full-«tsad loootnottrev Tb» dreWbrif t*-
The burnlec of Chlcarrx Th* mordar ea the
roof Karden.
PRICES— Sr*^ 10c to SOc; Mata., 10a, ISo, 29e,
NEXT— CHILD SLAVES OF NETV YORK.
MATINES JANUARY 2.
Every Afternoon and Eveaiar In the
Seated TJieater. Bain or Shine.
ITEXT MONDAY Will Mark the LAST PER-
FORMANCES of
PRINCESS FAN TAN
SCORES OF SPECIALTIES!
300 PERFORMERS!
A BIO S2XOW BY Li'l'l'liT! PEOPLE!
ELECTRIC FOUNTAIN SATURDAY AND
SUNDAY NI3HTS.
No Increase In Prices.
ADMISSION. 10c. , CHILDRgX. Sc.
Pillar A DON'T FAIL TO
laiatW gee b e au tifal
j COURT Lounging
; 5111/1 room, the EMPIRE
UUU parlor, the
r j PALM ROOM, the
linHlG LOUIS XV PAR.
U1UI1U LOR, and the LA-
D ± 1 DIES' WRITING
I Hotels I r qqm '
WEEKLY CALL, $1.00 PEB YEAS.
910
MISTY'S PRIDE IS BEATEN A NECK BY DAINTY IN A HARD DRIVE
BRONZE WING FINALLY SUCCEEDS
IN PASSING UNDER THE WIRE FIRST
SadSamRunsAway
From a Trashy
Collection.
Smithy Kane Lands
Third After a
* : Vivid Flash.
6\* F. E. MULHOLIiAXD.
Two members of royalty. Dainty, the
queen of lh« Western turf, and Misty's
Pride, the queen of the jungles, met in
a Futurity course sprint yesterday at
Oakland track.
At the conclusion Dainty wore the
honors, but the daughter of Golden
barter knew she had been present at a
horse race, and not a pink tea. Dainty
is not- partial to mud nor to sloppy go
ing, for which reason the handbooks
and poolrooms In town laid even money
shout the Jennings mare.
The city brokers were not aware that
Walter Jennings had engaged a thou
sand Indian hop-nickers to hold um
brellfts over a prescribed section of the
cour*e. and overlaid themselves. The
trafck was not muddy nor slushy from
the showers— only the least bit slow
and inclined perhaps to be cuppy. At
the track the bookmakers held Dainty
a 7 to 10 chance. Charley Henshall's
Martinmas held second place in the
choice of bettors, with 23 to 5 quoted
against Misty's Pride. It is an abso
lute- certainty now that Dainty is at
her best on a bullet-fast track, for she
narrowly escaped defeat.
iilSTY'S PRIDE AS PACEMAKER.
-Jakie Jones rode Misty's Pride, and
he shot, the mare out In front like a
Ft reak of greased lightning, followed
by Martinmas. "Big Bill" Knapp kept
hard at work on the favorite, and about
a furlong from home ehe had the Ore
pon mare stretched out. Misty's Pride
d'd not die easily, though, for she was
only led out a neck, which distance
might have been increased had Dainty
not stumbled approaching the wire.
Three lengths back came Martinmas.
Rector and Albula were outclassed.
Favorites were in good form, annex
ins four purses. The threatening aspect
of the' weather had no noticeable effect
on the attendance.
After many trials and tribulations
Bronze Wing finally succeeded in fitting
himself to a pair of winning brackets.
Ltcyd Fountain rode the Racine geld
irjg'and at odds of 18 to 5 dropped him
6v\\n an easy first for the introductory
Fprtnt. Sam Greenfield on Emma Reu
bold finished second, beating Troy, the
lavorite. a length for the place.
Smooth, slippery going Sad Sam met
nothing of a distinguished order in the
six-furlong selling jaunt and 11 to 20
looked a liberal quotation. Sam Green
field piloted the Texas half-breed and
he won in ragtime fashion. Davis,
astride Sol Lichtensteln, beat Mimo for
place honors. The field was a small
one. Aibonita. El Piloto and J. H. Ben
r.ett being the only other starters.
OUTSIDER FINISHES FIRST. ,
Travers landed the mile selling affair
vmh Adirondack, a 13 to 1 outsider.
The field comprised a most ordi
nary cluster of platers, and -for lack of
something better Allopath, the Lamas
r.ey entry, was installed favorite. The
mare was done before six furlongs had
been covered. Travers got Adironadck
away in the lead and holding Barney
Dreyfuss safe at the end. passed the
v.ire first by two lengths. Batidor took
third place from the favorite.
Smithy Kane, a cold-blooded one
from the Texas panhandle country,
vent to the post equal choice with A.
Muskoday for the five and a naif fur
long two-year-old purse number.
Smithy, with Jakie Jones on his back,
fci a dazzlirg clip for four and a half
fyrlongs, then he began backing up.
Muskoday/ with Anderson up. was eas
ing up from Platt, the third choice. The
fhow went to Smithy Kane because
nothing else was close up.
Travers was seen to marked advan
tage again in the final race of the day.
He had the leg up on Garnet Fergu
son's Stilicho. the faverite. and nothing
ever headed him. Budd Wade put up
a breezy argument all the way, but his
peaiferrep rained him when it came to a
pinch and he lost by five lengths where
tile money is hung up. Sunny Shore
w^s third.
TRACK NOTES.
Fxldie Dominick has signed to ride
next season for the stable of E E
Sir.atheis, for which Sam Hildreth is
trainer. The contract calls for the
Advertisements.
W£AK MEN CURED
»e.;c^v «t ut f^fy\ j~ SIMPLE HOME
•^3 cure and want
.Sp] / \*<&&r'Vr-^ every WEAK or
?21 . f C? v Sil'^ S KS n v N DEVELOPED
*h$-ri&ijfi5L vSo* rroval without
n3£r *J&£r8^ t^J' -J ° cliarpe. Call o=
K»^>f^' ; 5 llJ 2 u< ? r write for
£Eli*» ll »-- t * r *-v£\ >> ou r r-*w very In
.ftTt ON THE i^«X nructive 10O-pa K e
7rg| SQUARE JtmSt ~ iHostrated book,
f* tff&yS&A^taj VHW * flalninir our moct
t<»rr.jirkah)e treat -
trxxx. Jt »-i!l rtbiott Ui« fire and VIGOR
of YOITTTT. The only p<iy»tlve means kno^ra
f^PCTfCCT UPtTHRAL MCPCATION "f^ 58^
*-tdc»i will fuliy ful»rK« anu cumpietely c » e .
»»;Jofi the organs, used with cur Soluble Cray.
cm quickly ourfs all drains and dl»char#e a
Yaricocoie. Stricture. Premature Decay, Ha.
lareeznrat of Prostate Gland, etc. Oar phy-
clciane ar* experienced t-peclaltsts for MEN
ccly. We have th* rnout succ»-ssful home cure
i". th« world. CALX, cr WRITE TO-DAT
Book »ent SPCT;REL,Y SEALED free. Hours—
V to 3. Sundays— 10 to 1.
Vacnnm Appliance Co., *£Z2£
j) visit DR. JORDAN'S qreatJ
kUSEUgf OF flfJaTOMYd
0 ■ 6^ XCagAT.ZKET.ttt.»t*^,8.rCal. 6
O *5jBI i'P'"'**! <m ti« C«ut E*i36yccrs. Q
V i^Ss CS< R W"-D!SEA3ES CF MEH A
Jt F&*&5 Ce»»2'.tt.tion frte *nd ttiirtly prim*. \
V k ibV.il T '»»<»eBt prnof.»Uy or br lertrr. A A
\ I V yltL f" 11 "* Q*™ i» ««Ky amntderttkea. \
/jff HA *>.i*for to*.fiute<iors.i,f A
" H P MliaMOS, MAILED r*E». (A.Y
A & (]r »Jiu»We bonk (or B!»r.) ■- • \
V DA JOC1»A\ A CO.'. ICSI Mnrit#t «t-.S. F. Y
§Br. Gibbon's Dispensary, !
629 HXAUXT ST. Kditabllshed
in ISS4 tor the treatment nt I'rivato
J>ise*.«.e!«. Ijtnl Manbood. Debility or'
di«f-»*» w«arinr»n hody and mind and
Skin Dis-rvses. The Doctorcoreswlien
others fall. Try him. tiiarpes low.
«:arr«puaranlerd. Call or write,
X>r. J, V. tilBBOS, bau rr»o;lsco, Cal.
SAX FEANCISCO CALL'S KACING FORM CHART.
OAKLAND — Thursday, Dec. 29. Weather cloudy. Track good.
7041. FIRST RACE— Five furlongs, celling; threa-yoar-olds and up; value to first. |328.
lnd«| Horse and Owner. IWtlSt. U . %• %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
7601 '|Bronzc Wing, C (S. Judge) 104 ~3 7T. 2 n 2 1%1 nil L. Fountain ' 2 18-5
i 6 ?,' i E - Keubold. 4 (Appleby CO.).. 104 4 ... 1 1%1 n 2 2 2 1 Greenfield . 6 10
-*Jh£ roy :,. a < V.Gilbert) 104 7 ... 8 4 33 36 35 Travera ... 5-2 11-5
.605 Presidio. 3 (D. Zellnsky) 102 6 ... 6 14 4 V- 4 V, 4 n J Jones.... 15 15
-m'- K. avea Hun « 3 (Harris Co.) 101 5 ... 6 % 5 Va 5 % 5 M W. Davis.. 6 18-5
L Wi Distributor, 3 (F. J. Nell)... 104 1 ... 4 h B 2»£tt 1 6 h Loague .... SO 100
-«£i 5 <B^ettger & CoAlOS 12 ... 9 V» 7 % 7 3 7 4 W. Knapp. 10 8
/■S2= A , 1 f u * d(3 »e. 3 <S. J. Jones) ' 102 11 ...12 0 2 03 8 Anderson.. 15 80
O681 Hellas, i (J. Creely) 109 2 ... 3 % S }4 8 n 0 Bell 30 40
g" T?, ut J 1 ' 6 <G - E< J' 8 <>n) 1C5 1O ... 11 %12 10 10 T. Stewart. 40 100
-fit o' urian - 6 <L*«na»ney -Bros.). 104 8 ... 7 h 10 11 11 Watson ... SO CO
_7t>31 Bee Rosewater. 4 (Romigh)... 109 8 ... 10 nil 12 12 T. Clark... SO 60
Tim t~7i 23? «' : * 9> 1:C2- At P° st x minute. Off at 2:12. Wing place, C-D; show, 7-10. Reu
bold. place, 4; show, 2. Trow, enow, 2-5. Winner, b g., "by Raclne-Mlnetta, Trained
by S. Judge. Scratched— Golden Eagle, F. E. Shaw, AHa G, Malxvells. Start good.
\\ou easily. Balance driving. Winner received an excellent ride and was. long over
cue. Emma Reubold was played. Away none too well, Troy could not get up. Haven
Run was turned loose and had no excuses. Cameletta had a tempestuous trip and will
do to watch.
7O42» SECOND RACE— Six furlongs, selling; three- year- olds and up; valu« to first. 1325.
Index] Horse and Owner. jVTtjSt. 14" 14T %. str. Fin. I Jockey. Op. Cl*.
( I5°^ ) l Sad s «™. • (H.' Green) '..1110 4 ... 14 18 15 1 S% Greenfield . 1-2 11-20
Uchtcnsteln, 5 (Madison).. 103 5 ... 4 3 4 4 3 1 2 1% W Davis.. 2 5-2
( i-iSy Mlmo - 4 < p - 3h»rldan) .... 103 2 . . . 34&3h22 34 Travera ... 8 12
Aibonita, C <McAbee & Co.).. »7 1 ... 2 >,* 2 n 44 48 Loagua .... 100 200
(.46C) El Plloto, C (H. W. Hoas,-) 116 6 ... 5 5 5 10 5 10 5 6 J. Jones 20 60
■ t)12 J. H. Bennett. 4 (Romigh)... ttt 3 ... 6 6 6 6 |T. Clark... 200 250.
Time— :23ti. :43, 1:14%. At post 2VJ minutes. Off at 2:40. Sam, place, 2-0; show, out.
Sol. place, 2-5; show. out. Mlmo. ehow, 1-3. Winner, ch. g., by Rancocas-Heeley.
Trained by E. Gctchell. Scratched— Peter J. Start good. Won easily. Balance driving,
cam is a demon among this class. Mlmo might havo been second but for some lnterfer- •
«nce at the start. El Piloto not ready.
~<Ma. THIRD RACE— One mile; selling; threo-year-olds and up; value to first. $325.
Index; Horse and Owner. |Wt|St. \i. >£. «;. Str. Fin. J Jockey. • Op. Cl.
7001 jAdirondack, 4 (Shannon) ....; 104 1 1 14 1 n 1 n 13 12 (Travers . . . 8 13
jBorn*y Dreyfus*. 3 (DeNeffe) 101 6 4h42 42 3 1H2 5 |W. Davis.. 0 6
.G19 IBatidor, 4 (L. E. Fine) 104 2 2 n 2 h 2 li£2 2 3 0 |L. Fountain fi 7
..>4O 5 (Lomasney Bros.) 109| S 3 »i 3 »i 3 n 4 it 4 l^lHelgesen .. S-5 9-5
~*li i, 1 ? 011 ' 5 H - 3 < K - J - IIar D IK»I 5 6 H 5 5 % 5 4 5 2&|Greenfleld .3 4
.jmiOandle Belle. 6 <Wir.ter & J.)|109| 4 7 n 7 »i 7 % C 14 0 n |AlaHe I 2/) 30
i.,1 IfcUffden. a «J. Sturgeon) J109 7 8 6 i£ 6 2 7 4 7 8 IT. Stewart. 5 10
1 Co. .Joe Gall. 3 <W. Parrlsh) |103 S 5 h 8 8 8 8 |J. Jones... 11 20
Time— :25h. :50. 1:1G. 1:42»4- At post J4 minute. Off at 3:02V4. Adirondack, place, 5;
s^ion. 11-5. Dreyfuss, place, 3; show. 7-5. Batldor, show, C-5. Winner, b. g. by Alta
rnax-Duckhr.rr. Trained by H. L. Shannon. Scratched— Frank Pearce, Glenrice, Toto
Oratlot, Maxtress. Start good. Won handily. Second easily. Third stopping. Winner
had f»pe<?d and received good handling. Barney I>reyfuss should have won. He was
bothered on first turn and Batidor cut him off badly in the Ftretch. Allopath no account.
DoMte II couldn't raise a srallop. Sugden no si*»ed this trip.
7G44. FOiyTH RACE— Fiv&-jjid a half furlongs; purse; 2-year-olds; value to first. $325.
Indexj Horse and Owner. |Wt!St. K~. V^. %. Str. Fi~m Jockey. Op! CK
—^i^; Muskoday <G. V.'. Dodge). 110 4 ... 21 24 2 3 12 AndersonT 2 8-5
-"£'-, f a . U ». tS T t 5 v " ls fi Son > "0 S ... S3 3%31 24 |W. Davis.. 8 7
i 1 ;" |L m « th r *i an « <Hail & Co.)... 107 2 ... 14 14 12 33 J. Jones... 8-2 8-5
IRobort Mitchell (Summers).. 110 5 ... 8 h 5 4 4 4 4 3 Travers ... 10 17
i£l« ;D .. A » ert Prl ™ er <> Stbl.). 110 8 ... 6 lii'6 2^6 n 5 % league ... 20 100
.632iBte Beach W. Wilson)... 110 7 ... 8 8 73 62 Bonner . . . 12 23
«il ii- {on _ Eric (Blaslngame) 107 1 ... 4n 4n 5^72 Crosswaite I 40 75
«.>-tfl : righer Boy (E. E. Burnett)., lioj 6 ... 7 2147 8 S Greenfield . 30 100
Time — :23>;. :40',4. 1:OS. At post 2 minutes. Off at 3:32. Muskoday, place. 1-2- show
out. Platt. place. 2; show. 4-5. Kane, show, 2-5. Winner, ch. c by Meadowthorpe-
Black Bessie. Trained by G. W. Dodge. Scratched— Gosslper. Phalanx. Pearl Waters,
14ndr,a;- Gordon.. Start good. Won easily. Second easily. Third stopping. Muskodav
is a cWer colt. Platt closed gamely. Smithy Kane went out like a rocket, then curle-1
uo lUe a hunpry dog on a doormat. Bob Mitchell went to his knees on the back stretch
r>'^ Beach was lame.
718-15. FIFTH RACE — Futurity course; all ages; purse; value to first, $325.
Index: Horse and Owner. ' ' w t!SUJ4 . 14. %. Str. FlnTl Jockey. \~Cfy. Cl".
«7.T.i2); Dainty, 4 (W. B. Jennings). .11071 4 ... 4^3 1H2 1 1 n W Knarm S^'Tlft
qnpWtetri Pride. 4 (S. J. Jones). llO7| 2 ... H l.Vil 2 .? j Jones 4
.UUS iMartinmas. 4 (HenBhall) 102! 3 .... 3 14 2 h 3 2 3 5 Kunz •» TZt.
.... (Rector. 3 <C. E. Eckert) 09 5 ... 2h 41 43 45 Trarers"" 100
7gt2 Ulbula. 6 fLamasney Bros.)., liol 1 ... 5 BBS Helgesen": 20 ICO
Time— :2r,:47U, 1:10. At post 1 minute. Off at 3:5R. Dainty, place. 1-4; show out Pride
F la .f e - nC 1C ; J h 2 W ««t. Martlnma.. show out. Winner, ch! m. by Golden Garter- Rose :
bud. Traced by W. B. Jennings. Start good. Won all driving hard Track did not
suit Dainty and *ho stumbled shortly before reaching the wire M^ty's Pride ran a
o"her c£m°?anv d 8tU ° k iCT th * b ' S Sh ° W ' Martinm , as S* v * >t "P- Rector will do in
7O4O.^SIXTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; 3-year-olds and up; Belling; to first. $325.
Indexj Horse and Owner. jWtlSt. i4.~^7~?47"str7*FinTTjo^keyI Op7~ Cl.
<7eO0)' Stlllcho. 4 (T. G. Ferguscn)..jlO4 3 2 1 1 n 1 HI 2 15 Travers "Tl r~^
7603 Budd Wade, 5 (Baker City S.) 104 5 8 1»42 2%2 5 2 4 2 3 O Chandler 10 1*
7CT1 Sunny Shore. 4 a. Dunn). . . .|lO4 4 5 h 6 4 6 1^4 1 3n W. Davfs 1" \%
76TJ.-J JF. Woods, a (Garden City S.);109 2 4^5 1^.4 33 n 4 4 Alarle 1% in
7K2G IFlylnp Torpedo. 6 (U.H.Ezell)ilCr»| 7 7 7 7 0 3 5 1! AnderUn"'" K iflin
7687 llwbelllta. 4 (J. KonaWson).. 1«4 « 6 5 43 3 1W 6 7 G?eenTe"d" 5-
70-24 jProfltable. 4 (A. Winters). .. .|109J 1 11 8 ij 5 a 7 7 - jfieli "??... '. 10 40
Time— :24Si. :49t;, Ulkw, 1:41X4 1:4S. At post % minute. Off at 4:23*. Stlllcho place
3.5; show 1-4. Wade place. 5; show. 2. Shore, *how, 6-5. Winner, b. g by St'n^
drew-Angellque. Trained by A. Jones. Start good. Won ridden out Balance driCln*
r ar^« W ,' n , ner VV trom $50 ° to $100 ° by W - Cu«hman and sold StlOcho had Budd
n difflcultios-when stretch was reached. Sunny Shore, a slow beginner "am" from a
.long way back. Torpedo no speed. Isabel lita has gone back. Profitable outclassed
rider to do 107 pounds. Dominick will
leave here shortly for New Orleans.
Garnet Ferguson evidently did not
place a high valuation on Stilicho.
When W. Cushman, owner of Budd
Wade, bid the gelding up to $1000, or
$500 over his entered selling price, Gar
net let him go.
Lloyd Fountain rode a perfect race
on Bronze Wing. When the Racine
gelding was at his best two year3 ago
in Chicago, Dell Fountain could have
obtained $10,000 for him. An attack of
catarrhal fever later on left the
sprinter in bad condition.
Dainty did not seem sure of the foot
ing at all and Misty's Pride made a
bobble not far from the wire that was
costly.
Travers piloted two winners and now
appears to be regaining his real form.
He also reached the wire on two show
horses.
Barney Dreyfus received considerable
support to win the third event and
with good racing luck would have
landed first. He was jostled on the
first turn and later on in the stretch,
Batidor by swerving in cost him at
least two lengths.
Allopath displayed some speed for
about six farlongs, as she did in a pre
ceding race, and tvas then done.
Xew Orleans Racing Results.
NEW ORLEANS. Dec. 29.— Results of to
day's races:
First race. »even furlongs — Pawtucket won,
James H. Heed second. Harpoon third.- Time,
1:30 3-5. ;
Second race, one mile — Gravlna won, Bengal
second. Homcvtead third. Time, 1:42.-
Third race.. one and a sixteenth miles — Fore
mast won, Gregor K- second. Court Maid third.
Time. 1:18 4-6- " .
Fourth . race, • six and a half furlonKS— - Au
R«-volr won. Vestry second. Gus Heidorn third.
Time, 1 :21 1-5.
Fifth race, five furlongs — Triple Silver won,
Orlnkariy second, Baywood third. Time,
1:01 4-5.
Sixth race, six and a half . furlongs — Moorish
Damsel won. Antimony second, Midge third.
Time." 1:21 3-5. - - ._. .
Mrs. Miller AVins Council's Cup.
In the final round of the competi
tion for the Council's cup for women
of the San Francisco Golf and Coun
try Club, which was played yester
day on the Presidio course. Mrs. W.
G. Miller beat Mrs. J. R. Clark 2 up
and 1 to play.. Mrs. Miller's- name
will', be engraved on the handsome
trophy, which already bears her name
as the winner of a previous compe
tition. A third victory will make the
cup the permanent possession of Mrs.
Miller.
Polo Game Postponed.
■ The polo : game scheduled to \ be
played to-day on the field of the Bur
lingame Country Club has been post
poned-until Sunday. The field- would
not be safe to-day owing to recent
National Club Wants Permit.
The National Athletic Club, through
J. D. Gibbs, petitioned the Super
visors yesterday for a permit to give a
professional boxing exhibition In Feb
ruary. ■■-■_■ - ■■ ;- '^..; , -.
MRS. BELL. HAS NOT PAID.— AV citation
waa-"-lMue4 by -Judj^ \ Coffey : yesterday* for,
Teresa 'Bell to show cause " on 'January 5, why
she should . not pay 12000 to Georjre Staacke
for • Sidney V. ■ Smith ■ for , services rendered as
attorney for the .* executors of "' the estate of
Thomas Bell. The money was; ordered paid
by "the court In January of last year. • ■■
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 30, 1904.
CHAN CHEUNG SEEKS TO
BE RELEASED OX BAIL
Snes Out Writ of Habeas Corpus,
Which Is Made Returnable Tihs
Morninsr.
Chan Cheung, who was indicted by
the Grand Jury Wednesday for the
murder of Tom Tick, yesterday sued
out a writ of habeas corpus that he
might present a petition for bail. On
the recommendation of the Grand
Jury the accused was committed with
out the privilege of bail, " and
his attorney contends that such
action was unwarranted. Presid
ing Judge Kerrigan issued the
writ and made it returnable before
Judge Lawlor at 11 o'clock to-day.
Chan Cheung is wealthy and his
counsel, Frank V. Bell, said yesterday
that any reasonable amount could be
furnished.
District Attorney Byington will be on
hand this morning to make vigorous
protest against releasing the prisoner.
Not alone is the evidence regarded as
strong that Chan Cheung was an ac
complice in the murder by offering a
reward for the life of Tom Yick, but
It Is also desired to keep him in con
finement in the^hope that he will tell
the Grand Jury all he knows of police
corruption in Chinatown. The prisoner
is supposed to have handled the $2000
fund collected every week from th«
fantan and lottery games.
The police committee of the Grand
Jury did not meet yesterday. The
meeting of the full Grand Jury that
was to have been held this afternoon
was yesterday ordered postponed. In
asmuch as the committees have
brought nothing to a head as yet and
there would be no business to take up.
Wants Public 3Icdlums Protected.
The California State s -Spiritualists*
Association yesterday notified -.the Su
pervisors that it has issued certificates
of indorsement and protection to
twenty-six public mediums, whom • it
designates by name, conferring upon
them the right to practice their pro
fession mnder the laws of the State as
ministers of religion. The association
"requests immunity for its members
from prosecution and annoyance in
any movement that may be inaugu
rated against the pretenders who in
fest our city." It is the intention of
Tax Collector Smith to collect a license
tax from mediums.
Boys Arrested for Burglary.
Six small boys broke -into the sta
ble of Theodore Hitte . on Gold street
yesterday morning, , forced open a
trunk belonging to one of the stable
men, and stole some shirts : and arti
cles of clothing. They v/ere arrested
by Policemen James O'Connor and
Haggett and booked at the City Prison
on a charge of burglary. Later they
were sent to the : Detention Home.
Their names 'are Eddie Flynn, 340
Union street; Alby 55ito. 516B Green
street; Joseph Crudb.V. 1332 Dupont
street; Joseph La. Brohno, 19l6^i
Stockton street; Tony Barbino,; ; 14
Codell place, and Edward Gatti, 321
Filbert : street. Flynn and | La Bronno
were arrested about a, month? ago ■>, by,
Policeman O'Connor, for .stealing- two
bicycles in Alameda County, but were
released on- their own; recognizances
by Judge Murasky.; .
Horses Which
Figure to Win
BY FRED E. MULHOLLAXD.
First rac<v— Princess Wheeler.
Uucrece. Mold of Fennoy. .
Second race • — Halnault, The '
Cure, HIpponax.
TlUrd race — Golden Buck,
The Reprobate, David Boland.
Fourth race— Scotsman, Bard
Burns, Briers. . :
Fifth race — Downpatrick,
Tennybwrn, Bearskin.
Sixth race — G. YV. Trahern,
Iidln , Magrane.
RACES AT OAKLAND
DRAW GOOD FIELDS
With one exception the fields at Oak
land this afternoon are large and the
winners look difficult to pick. G. W.
Trahern, Leila and Magrane meet in
the closing event. The day's entries:
First race — Five furlonsrs, two-year-olds,
purse maiden 'flUtes.
\Lady Hedbead (R. H. Jennings) 108
True Wins: (D. Ryan) 108
07?0 l,ucrece (Macdonough) 103
7C29 Pearl Waters (Waters) 108
7570 Tarcoola Belle (Miller & Co.) 108
749S Julia South (De la Kontanya) 108
7573 Princess Whjeler (Jennings & Co.)..10;S
7006 Saccharate (N'apa Stock Farm) 10S
7533 Macene (Ezell) : 10S
BD07 Elba (Sheridan)- 10S
Smllax (Moran) 1OS
Apollonla (Foley) 10S
742.'. Onondulum (Murray) 108
7587 Glondsne (Saunders) 108
7C33 Maid cf Kermoy (Fcx) 104
Second race— Six and a half furlongs, three
j-ear-o!ds and up, celling
762t Brennus (Judge) 109
7637 War Times (Grossheim) loi)
7C12 'Hioponax (l>»ane) 104
0766 Sherry (Woods) 100
7£.C1 »H!r Dougul (Sheridan) 1MJ
7638 Box Elder (Moran) 100
7621 Molto (Shannon) 109
7485 Carllce (Appleby & Co.) ..lot
7r.37 'Salto (Fountain) 05
7617 Dotterel (Lynch) 104
7\«3 Flaneur (Murray) 104
7<>17 Karabfl (Bottger & Harmon) 104
(6722)*Hainault (Thomas & Rea vey) 104
7l5ao 'The Cure (Brlnkworth & Co.) 103
Third race— Futurtty course, two-year-olds,
selling.
7035 *Gallant Cassle (Miller) 102
75RO "Meada (Ulanchl & Co.) 9$
7635 'Alone (Summers & Co.) 1(2
7500 Golden Buck (Schorr) 107
7C0tJ The Reprobate (Keene & Co.) 107
7600 A I>ady (Dodge) 103
7.172 Grenore (Davis) 100
7414 Chestnut (Murray) ...106
7623 "Kdrodun (Larcrla & Forbes) 1. .102
7629 Sweet Kitty Bellairs (Price) A..10T.
(7606)David Boland (Balrd & Co.) '..107
7623 *Jerusha (Engstrom) 102
Fourth race — One mile and fifty yards, three
year-olJs and up, selling. •
764« Sunny Shore (Dunn) 100
7r.<;5 'Waterspout (Clark) 01
7(i33 'Homage (Stephenson) JKi
7043 Sugden (Sturgeon) 100
76:S8 Barrack (Barrett) 103
7Dfl5 'Scotsman (Brink worth & Co.) 104
7021. ♦ Bard Burns (ORourke) 107
70US Wenrlck (Dayton & Kahn) flO
763."; 'Briers (Rowell) 104
7341 Hogarth (Turner) i>6
Fifth race — One mils, two-year-olds and up,
purse.
7600 Channel (Bridgett) 103
7620 Bearskin (McAlester) SS
7552 Tennyburn (Miller) , 88
7(>22 Serenity (Dayton & Kahn) 10.1
7C3f> Ferryman (Daly) 84
7547 Maxetta (Coulter) 9!)
7004 Downpa trick (Hyan) S5
7607 Darksome (Touhey) 10S
7607 Technique (Clifford) IK)
7C07 Jrlonla (Esell) 107
Sixth race — One and a sixteenth miles, three
year-olds and up, purse. L
7614 The Lady Rohesla (H*nshall) 98
715.14 G W Trahern (Summers) 107
7572 Padua (Price) 101
7625 Magrane (Magrane) : 101
7M4 Ink (Lamasney Bros.) 1C5
7626 Leila (Clark) OS
7620 Colonel Anderson (McLaughlin) 102
MAR1X COUNTY INVESTOR
SAYS HE WAS SWINDLED
James Begley Causes the Arrest of
Officers of an Alleged "Get-
Rlch-Quick" j Concern.
SAN RAFAEL, Dec. 29. — James W.
Butler, fc. Peiser and William Kohl
man, officers of the Royal Mercantile
Company of San Francisco, an al
leged "get-rich-quick" concern, ap
peared in -Justice of the Peace Ma
gee's court to-day to answer a charge
of obtaining money under false pre
tenses preferred ' by James Begley of
this city.
Begley alleges that the officers of
the company induced him by false
representations to invest $260 in four
of their diamond contracts. Begley
said he was first solicited to buy the
contracts, but refused unless the de
fendants could give him some assur
ance that he would realize on his in
vestment. A beautifully engraved
document with a gold seal attached
purporting to be a bond of the Equit
able Bonding and Trust Company of
San Francisco, guaranteeing to the
purchaser of every contract the faith
ful performance of its conditions, was
then produced for his satisfaction.
Begley has since discovered that the
bonding company is a myth.
- The defendants were placed under
$1000 bonds pending their trial, which
Is set for January 6, 1905.
Suit Over Lottery Prize.
Justice of the Peace "Van Nostrand
yesterday, gave Judgment for $113 04
in favor of H. Samuels, who sued
Judah Boas for a balance due on' the
collection of ;a prize in the German
lottery. Boas was given the winning
ticket ,to cash and turned over $3910
to Samuels, who was agent for a co
terie of people who bought the ticket.
Samuels proved that 'Boas had re
tained more than $100, Boas claiming
that ; the sum represented interest
which; he charged for collecting, the
prize. ; : ; .; f ■ •
Pioneer 'Wonian Passes Away.
\ Mrs. C. E. -Branch, mother of An
drew -W. Branch,; a well-known poli
tician, died yesterday at Salinas, Mon
terey. County. '-.' Mrs. Branch was one of
the oldest pioneer women of the State.
She came" to; California in the; early
'40's- and' since that time had not left
the State., 'She was 82 : years old. The
place of interment will.be at San Luis
Qbispo,'. where the. remains of her hus
band rest. ■" " : •
To Settle ; With tlio State.
City,. Treasurer McDougald goes to
Sacramento" this morning to make his
semi-annual, 4 with the
State - of '- the various . sums f due from
the ' city. . The total amount owing to
the- State is $2,247. 553,14.;of. which
$884,967, 87i is , retained - for .';■; schools,
and " $ 36* allowed the ■ Treasurer '•; for
mileage, / leaving;; Ji;362, 549 27 f as ; the
net' amount due- the State.
FAVORITES FAIL
THEIR BACKERS
Not a Single First Choice
Catches the Eyes of the
Judges at Ascot Park
McDANIEL RIDES WELL
Finishes First on Three
Horses and Also Lands
a Second and a Third
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 29.— The eieht
een books at Ascot to-day had an easy
time of It, as every favorite was
bowled over with startling regularity.
Several second and third choices were
successful, but the public lost a lot of
money on the. day. There were no fea
tures, except the winning of Red Dam
sel at 20 to 1 in the first race.
Blissful v/as heavily played to win
the fifth race at a mile and a sixteenth,
and won in a drive from McGrathlana
Prince. Hildebrand was fined $100 for
crowding and cutting off Cerro Santa
with Interlude in the second race. Mc-
Daniel took all the riding honors, win
ning with three mounts and finishine
second and third on two others. Bliss
ful was bid up to $1800. but was re
tained by her owner. Weather clear:
track fast. Summary:
First race,, selling, one mile — Ued Damsel,
103 (Holmes). 20 to 1, won; Varro, 103 (Du
£an), 4 to 1, second; Great Eastern, 103
(Lynch), 7 to 1. third. Time. 1 :42. Ascetic,
Past Master. Estado. Ethel Scruggs. Capable.
Lcuwelsea, The Covenanter and Graylette also
ran.
tiocond race, selling, six furlongs— Durbar.
ttO (McDanlel). 0 to 2, won; Cerro Santa. 310
(Herbert), even, second; Interlude, 105 »Hil
debrand). 3 to 1, third. Time, l:13?i| Edln
borough also ran.
i Third race, Silver Slipper handicap, one
\mi!e — Elle. 03 (Morlarity), 4 to 1, won; Prin
cess Tulane. 10$ (McDanicl). 9 to 5. second;
Evea G, 00 (Kent). 9 to 1,- third. Time
l:40>4. Sals also ran. • • • •
Fourth race-, Slauecn course, selling — Tim
Hurst. 103 (McDanlel). 4 to 1. won; Joe Kel
ly. 103 (Herbert), 10 to 1. second; Anona, 00
(lXildebrand), 6 to 1. third. Time. 1:10^4.
lielle Dixon. Gleeman, Hubiana Andvarl .tnd
West Brookfleld also ran.
I-'lfth race, selling, one and a sixteenth
miles — Blissful. 06 (McDanlel), 7 to 2, won;
McGrathlana Prince, 101 (HUdebrand). 3 to 1,
second; Akela, 105 (Fuller), 4 to 1, third.
Time, lMGVa. Heather Honey and Cloverton
also ran.
Sixth race, selling;., seven furlongs — Lem
Heed, 104 (Kildebrand). 7 to 2, won; Golden
I/.»ht. 1(*S (I-awrence), 3 to 1, »?cond; The
Major, 112 (McDanlel), 7 to 5, third. Time.
1:27W.. Cloche d'Or, Conger, Albert Enright
and Densll also ran.
TELLS OP SOX'S ATTACK
OX THE ELDER MONXIEE
Servant of the Family Spends Nearly
All Day on the Witness Stand
Describing: Quarrels.
The attorneys in the Monnier case
yesterday in Judge Graham's court
tcok turns In yawning while the
examination and cross-examination
tion of Bernard Souarn, a French ser
vant of the Monniers, testified as to
his witnessing the quarrels 'in the fam
ily.
Souarn was placed on the stand by
Attorney Collins, for the proponent,
with the object of telling how young
Monnier struck his father with a cane.
Through an interpreter Souarn told a
straight story of the garden quarrel,
in which young Monnier broke a cane
over his father's head.
' The cross-examination by Attorney
Sullivan was begun at 10:30 o'ciock
and lasted all day. He failed to shaTie
the witness as to the quarrel except
that Souarn said he did not see the
blow struck. The witness' cross-ex
amination will be continued this
morning by Sullivan and Roche.
Joseph Budde and Hans Mohr were
called in the morning session to tes
tify to the frequent qaurreling in the
Monnier household and that Monnier
often complained because George fail
ed to secure work. The case will go
on to-day at 10 o'clock.
STILL INVESTIGATING
THE OREGON LAND FRAUDS
Congressman Binger Hermann Con
cludes His Testimony Before the
Federal Grand Jury.
PORTLAND. Ore., Dec. 29. — Con
gressman Binger Hermann finished
his testimony before the Federal
Grand Jury this afternoon, and W. E.
Matthews, State Senator George C.
Brownell of Oregon City, and former
Surveyor General Henry Meldrum,
now under conviction on charges of
forgery, were next called as witnesses.
It was expected that W. F. Valk, who
has been in Portland for some (ime
waiting to go before the Grand Jury,
would be called, but he was not
among the number who entered the
jury room.
The present session of the Grand
Jury will last probably about three
weeks longer. Deputy District Attor
ney F. J. Heney has delayed his de
parture for Washington for another
month and will not leave here until
some time in February.
George Sorenson, one of those in
dicted. Tuesday, returned to Portland
to-day, and was given until to-morrow
to furnish bonds.
It is understood that S. B. Ormsby
of Salem and Dr. W. H. Davis, Mayor
of Albany, have obtained sureties and
will file their bonds tc~morrow.
BUTCHERS' BALL PROVES
V_ AN ENJOYABLE AFFAIR
Work of Electing Officers for the Va
rious Unions Is Almost
'> y-- "' Completed.
A sociable time was enjoyed at the
butchers' ball last night in Carmen's
Hall, 310 O'Farreir street. The hall
was handsomely decorated for the oc
casion and there was a large attend
ance. Dancing was indulged in until
morning.
The laborious work of electing of
ficers for the various unions is about
complete now. The following have
been; added to the lists already an
nounced:
: Stablemen's Union — President. Thomas F.
Finn: -vice president. Paul Boultton; recording
secretary, T. J. White; .financial secretary,
John F.. Kill Ian; marshal, Thomas Plercy:
sergeant at arms, Tony Carlson; auditing com
miuec — M 7 ., McCann, Thomas Piercy. and' Wil
liam pTates; delegates to Labor Council T. F.
Flnn.'J. F. Killlan and Walter Troy; execu
tive committee — Tony -Carlson, M. J. Donlon
A. Fardy, F. Hoppe, F. Miller, M. McCulloch;
J. R. Swanson and D. White.
Lumber Clerks' Union ' No. 1 — President, R.
F. Galvan; vice- president*.' S. W. Towle; sec
retary. T. Sheehan; treasurer, B. L. Cramer;
seri»ant at , arm*. 1 S. - W. Houston ; , trustees
D., Simpson, A: B. Burrell, G.E. Parks, A. S.
Vind : and T." Andrews; delegates to Building
Trades Council — E. I* Cramer, John Cum
mlnrs and Edward Pallas; alternate, Robert
F. Galvan. . ' .
SUES MARBLE COMPANY/!— A suit against
the Vermont : Marble Company for $30,000 dam
aB6s was beyun yesterday: by. 1 Daniel Halliday
a marble ! polisher, who Bays that « his f ankles
were I crushed in the : fall - of, an • elevator c on
November 3. The lift was loaded with marble
and '; Halliday r got • aboard ; , to ~ accompany - the
stone to an upper, floor -when the cable broke.
FLEET PONIES
TO SP0RT SILK
Splendid Entry for the
Races to Be Held To-
Morrow at' San ' Mateo
FUSILLADE WILL START
Best Bred Pony in World
to Carry the Blue and
White of F. J. Carolan
A splendid entry has been received
for the races to be held to-morrow on
the private race course of Charles "W.
Clark at San Mateo under the auspices
of the California Polo and Pony Racing
Association.
Ten ponies which did not start at the
last meeting of the association will
sport silk on this occasion. C. W. Clark
will start an Idaho pony of consider
able class called Silver Queen. F. J.
Carolan's Fusllade, the best bred pony
in the world, being by the great St.
Leger, will try for honors In the Cham
pion stakes at six furlong3. Mr. Caro
lan will also start Princess Flavla.
which was the class of all the ponies on
the coast until she was temporarily re
tired some three years since. He has a
son of Fusilade's which he calls Mufti
and which is a workmanlike little pony.
Peggy "Williams, a daughter of Silver
Dick, will make her first appearance
at this meeting. ' She was brought on
from Denver especially for this occa
sion.
Alverine, a pony thoroughbred by
Royal Flush, will carry the copper col
ors of Mr. Clark.
- Paul Clagstone will ride his gray
pony, Sister.
The stewards of the meeting will be:
J. Downey Harvey, Henry T. Scott and
Francis T. Underhill. Richard Havey.
who was so successful with the start
er's flag at the last meeting, will send
the fields away. Robert Leighton will
act as clerk of the scales and handi
capper. The entries for to-morrow's
races follow:
First race, three-sixteenths of a mile— C.
W. Clark"s Silver Queen. Rudolph Spreckels"
Don. \V. E. Pedley'a Queen Kucker L. C.
Williams" Fannie Anderson W. S. Hobart's
Silver Dick. Rudolph Spreckels- Mystery, C.
W. Clark's Cakewalk. I* C. Williams' Peggy
Williams. D. W. Donnelly's Mary Ailesn.
Three-eighths of a mile — W. E. Pedley's
Carlotta. W. S. Hobart's Marigold C. W.
Clark's Silver Queen. Rudolph Spreckels' Lady
Gay. C. W. Clark's Chanate F. G Grace's
Maudle Swift. Rudolph Spreckels' Hopeful.
Quarter of a mile— W. E. Pedley's Queen
Rucker. C. W. Clark's Cakewalk Rudolph
Spreckels' Becky. W. S. Hobart's Marigold F.
J.- Carolan's Princess Flavia. Rudolph Spreck
e!s' Althomer. U C. Williams' Peggy Wil
liams, L. C. Williams' Fanny Anderson W
S. Hobart's Silver Dick. C. W. Clark's Silver
Queen.
Champion stakes. six furlongs — Rudolph
Spreckels' Lotrlx. C. W. Clark's Morning
Glory. F. J. Carolan'a Fusillade. C. W. Clark's
Bas Blancs. Rudolph Spreckels' Honoma.
Half a mile — Rudolph Spreckels' Brown
Peggy. Rudolph Spreckels' Don. C. W. Clark's
Chanate. Rudolph Spreckels' Cheerful F J
Grace's Maudie Swift. W. E. Pedley's Car
lotta, C. W. Clark's Bas Blancs
Suicide's Clothing Found.
A sack containing a suit of old
clothes and papers was found on Fol
som-street wharf yesterday morning
and brought to the Morgue, under the
theory that the clothing and papers
might have been the property of the
unknown man whose partly nude
body -was recovered from the bay last
Tuesday. On the back of an envelope
in the sack the following was written:
"In case of accident please notify
John Schaffner, 1222 First avenue
north, Fort Dodge, Iowa." There
w-ere also an envelope and note ad
dressed "Leonard Hopkins, Salt Lake
City," postmarked "Des Moines,
Iowa."
Men, I Want to Talk to You
About This Beit.
I want to talk to men who have oains and
g9"5^^j aches, who feel run down physically, who re-
rajw^ '2J" « alize that the old "fire" and enersrv which was
y{3h Jy< so evident in youth is absent now; men who
S^^SL can't stand the amount or exertion thev could
,v^^ years apjo. I want vou —
/V^ rC y<> if that means vou — to see
vk^i^tosifc. y7^ what I have done for
/^^ VV \NJ^ \^^l J *ys others who were just as
/ « V\V%v1E/*\toBIw troduction. If a friend in
I H ®»SK\HBfe^^^ whom >' ou had confidence
1 presented some one to
\ p <7i^Sp?rt^^^^^^ here's Brown; he ha3 made
\ *~'/ * "vli^Vl'li?! f good with me, and I trust him,"
\ >^4^^^«SflliAl wouldn't you trust him, too?
" *V~ Now, if you don"t feel right.
f ' iini^^®!li'/^T* — H»-r»— I can cure y° u with m y Electric
/ ~ r^t3S$H : 't&l"~~ j — u ~~~ BeIt - If you are u11 or " rhcu *
/ — := v4»Ui2^MSf^ — matic pains, I can knock them
/ . !v '^^^~*~- :^. ? ut " can P our °^ ' nto V° ur
' i ""s^^^vkk Joints and limber them up. I
/tl v^ ave °^ tcn said at oa ' n and
'i •fifn ilislsfil electricity can't live in the same
tl \\}'\\ \\y L» f \ iH^S-^S ' house, and I prove it every day.
/ 11 'li' ' ? l llS^S°'iwa iIr - W - H - lenison ot Goldfleld. Nev. , writes:
I If ||l/ A\ I \\l Fjj^ffjgjjl "I have been Improving: rio:ht alonsr. I devn't
jj| | ■' |i ijHlslvSS!* l?et tlred - as J used to; my appetite W good.
/I'll || ,'; |[Ji V'lwyirWii digestion perfect. I feel as strong as I ever
(jin \\ It jiii *f laBBKM y:as &nd thank you very much for your aa-
'/' /■ iSr sl;tanci> and advice."
;//j/ll!L* **"" K Jt w * re not ' or the VteJuAle* dn« to
tie trreat number of fakes In the land I
jPrnffffBraNV would not be abl« to handle the business
17l!M///fisBiiy» tiiat would come to me. The "Tree Belt"
til I If nilSSttfm fraud and the M Tre« Druar" scheme.
l|l|U " '■ PMI «- which ax* not free at all, have made
! every one skeptical, but Z know that Z
have a rood thlnr. and I'll hammer away until yon know It.
One thinsc every man oucht to know is this: Your body is a
machine. It runs bv the steam in your blopd and nerves. When you
begin to break down in any way you are but of steam. That's'just
what I want to give you back.
* Z have a cure in every town. Tell me where yon live and Z win rtr*
. yon the name of a man I've cured.
Tell me your trouble and I will tell you honestly whether I can
cure you or not. If I can't cure you I don't want your money. I
have been in this business 22 years, and I am the bi$reest,man in it
„ to-day by lonpc odds, and I am growing yet, because I cive every
rnan all he pays for. :
• Now, wouldn't vou rather wear my Hfe-givinff appliance while
you sleep every night, and feel its plowing "warmth flowing into you
and feel yourself taking on a new lease of life with each application,
than to clog your intestines- up with a lot of nauseous drugs? Surely!
Try me. ... »
i Mr. H.' A. Berkenkamp of Clark3bury, Cal.. says: "I am completely cur«d of
an unusually severe case of rheumatism, something dozens of doctors nar» tried
but failed to do for me. *o you may rest assured that I require no further evidence
of the ability o'- your Belt as a curative anent."
: If you will come and see me , I'll explain it to you. If you can't call
let me send you my book, full of the things a man finds inspiring to
strength and courage. Free if you send this ad. •
dr. m.c. Mclaughlin °°Si^?S5g^ < s^ 11> '
Office hours— S a. m. to 8 p. m. ; Sundays. 10 to 1.
LEWIS AFTER
JIMMY BRITT
Eastern Lightweight Boxer
Has Substantial Backing
for a Match With Him
McGOVERN HEARD FROM
The Ex-Champion Feather-
Weight Expresses Desire
to Meet the Californian
Special Dispatch t<* The Call.
NEW YORK, Dec. 29.— All that Is
needed to consummate a match be
tween Jimmy Britt and Willie Lewis
for the lightweight championship is the
acceptance by the Californian of a
challenge wired him to-day by Lewis'
manager. Lewis agrees to fight Britt
at the lightweight limit. A check for
$2500 has been deposited to bind a
match. Johnnie Considlne, who has
posted the money for Lewis, will wager
it on the result of the fight.
It is expected an answer will be re
ceived from Britt to-morrow. A side
bet may be an inducement for Britt to
make a match. If he does he will face
the greatest little fighter in ihe East
to-day. Lewis has demonstrated j| his
worth by his decisive victory in nine
rounds over Martin Canole, a feat that
both Britt and Battling Nelson failed
to accomplish. Britt and Canole fought
a twenty-five round battle, while Nel
son received a good drubbing at the
hands of Canole for nineteen rounds.
Canole was completely outclassed by
Lewis, who was his superior both as a
boxer and a puncher.
WILKESBARRE, Pa.. Dec. 29.—
Terry McGovern, who came here to
day, declares he will not fight until the
end of his theatrical season and that
then he will get after Jimmy Britt and
will challenge him to fight. McGovern
said Britt's cleverness would Just suit
him. as he has not yet found a clever
boxer whom he cannot force to fight at
close range and points to his easy vic
tories over Erne and Gans. He praised
Young Corbett and said he hoped the
reports were true that his two-time
victor was going to take care of him
self and get into condition again.
KNIGHTS OP TILE GRIP
WILD STAlt OX DIAMOND
Merry Drummers Are in Training; for
an Exciting Contest To-Mor
row Afternoon.
A game of ball that promises to be
an interesting as well as a scientific
exhibition "will take place at Recrea
tion Park to-morrow afternoon at 2
o'clock, -when the nine representing
the United Commercial Travelers will
hook up with the Pacific Coast Com
mercial Travelers' team. The drum
mers have been doing some pretty
practice stunts on the green for weeks
past and are in condition, for the fray.
The proceeds cf the game will be
devoted to the widows' and orphans'
funds of the two associations. Mike
Fisher, the tamer of the noted Ta
coma Tigers, will help Fred Koenig
with the umpire work. The game
will be the event of the season in
commercial circles. Following Is the
line-up:
V. C. T. Position. P. C C. T. A.
A. Posner Pitcher. .II. Friedlander
J. Kragen Catcher. . A. Wertheimer
J. Beck F. B F. Bradley
J. H. Campbell S. F J. Conway
S. Hall T. B r>. Egan
S. Cahn Shortstop — T. Koeghati
. Boldeman I... F 3. Gosttnsliy
A. Mahoney C. F E. A. Whlpple
S. Blumenthal ft. F T. Dunne
Substitutes: U. C T. — W. Fred Knapp,
"Will Cohn. C. Jacobs, G. Goldberg, J. N'ew
some. P. C. C. T. A.— Fred Koenlgr. J. Lind
ner, T. Reeb.KEY ROUTE WANTS MORE SPACE
Harbor Commissioners Consider Plans to Accommodate NewLine
VThca th© new ferry depot at the foot
of S^axket street was built there wai
room and to spare for all the ferries
tiat landed and received passengers
there. ' The ferry business has been
steadily growing:. New slips were built,
and stlfl more could be used. New com
panies were established and provided
.ttith quarters In the big depot. Liberal
allotments Qf space were made to the
original tenants, and the spare room
.rapidly was put into use.
••Tire business of one of the new com
panies, that operating the Key Route,
has gTown to such an extent that the
Harbor Commissioners have been asked
to trovide more depot space. The mat
tec wjys uj> for' discussion yesterday,
and within a few weeks it is likely that
the Commissioners will make a general
rearrangement of space and" put the
Key Route on more of an equality with
the Southern Pacific. The demands of
the Bausalilo and Tiburon lines will
also receive consideration.
At yesterday's meeting the contract
wittf Healy, Tibbitts & Co. for the con
struction, of the new Pacific Mall
■ j--;harves was pi crned.
H. Jphnson and Charles Peterson,
• who op'erato gasoline launches for hire,
iruule application for permission to use
\ihe boat landing at the foot of Folsom
street and for berths for their boats at
the bulkhead. The applications were
"referred. to the chief wharfinger:
•- the secretary of the board was In
structed" to collect $50G 50 from the
Scjitheri} Pacific Company for damages
/lone to the Central Basin freight slip
,*l>y the steamer Thoroughfare.
-" Lleutqnant Colonel Thomas H. Han
■ l>ury. oS.the engineer corps asked for a
;..r.ew berth for the Government steamer
•General Alexander.
Carjton Aealn Ashore.
.». . "Th# berk S D. Car'.eton was ywrterfay' strain
/."Ivea ashore at 13el!lnfcham. Her «J»f4ior was
'•-p air.d the vessel nas b^'.ng shifted to a more
."»»cure anchcrape, when a Bale srracB up and
'tvirpt- the helples* windjammer to the b«ach.
•Fh* .-Wert eshore at luRh tide and lir-s on soft
•rr.ud, where littl* demap*- can befall her. At
■.1«V tlderthe will be hlph ar.d dry and the task
..cf Retting her afloat will be difficult.
Aid Sent to Abydos.
;• The Gcnr!*n eteamship Abydos of the Kos
'.'moi line, which l*ft here Oct. 7 for Hambarr.
" nnd rexxTted in trouble. Is ashore at
.pporno Bay. Straits. Of. Magellan.. Her pesi
', "tlon is dangerous. Ehe was t*ti!l bard and fa*t
..'aground on Dec. 2<5, the fnre part resting on
the ro;k* areldfhlp*. The stern is afloat. As
\ Fistanc*- has been 6ect U> her.
RK>rk Ac&in on Overdue last.
The r"pcrte4 arrival at London from Hudson
Bay'' ol the overdue British bark ha«
~ :-.roved to be an error, ar.d the vessel's name
■.•;*■*■ replaced yesterday on the overdue list at
>- ot Der.rert. The rate en the Brier Holm? has
"h**n adytneed to t«0 i>er c*nt and the Edith
•ilary U cuoted at £0 per c»nt.
Ohio Returns From Cruise.
•' .The United States battleship Ohio. Captain
!.»-••-. returned late yestfrd*y afternoon from
Her cruUe. outside the Heads. While out the
. Ohio was In constant corctnuniration. by wire
!«*»■. .with thp newly established rtaticii en
. tha FaraJJonee. Cartain Lofcan will to-day
" • f ubftiit a rejxiit of Ills cruise i<y Admiral Mc-
Calla. Certain Mitchell Typon, bar , pilot, was
Vm'^ard- th# hatll«-»hlp dtirirs th<» cruise and
pav* rncle Yarn's navigators the benefit of his
• Ijr.i5wlp(i^e cf th* wa'.ers beyond the Heads.
'• • • " •>' ' • ;--.--;.r.
Bonnd for the Tropics
Tie Oceanic •{••anirtiip" Cr.rr,pany'« twin
>! his," Jlar^csa end Alairfcds, will sail at 11
njclork to-morrow from I'acific-rtreet wharf,
£*? Marlpc'sa for Tahiti and th^ Alameda for
HonoWiu. Th*: Mariposa will carry more than
'a Pccreof pasw-ngert, people 4n need -of rest
.and th-i^e attracted by the noveity of sailing
la .mid-wlrit«rr to a. land where it it always
tanwr, ntver cold and never too warm. The
i lambda..' es us- >.-»;, will hav* her cabins well
tiMed .with paws, r.eers, and both .vessels will
Cdke jtood-Bized" oafgofs. : ♦•"•
Sheridan to Sail Soon.
The, army transport Th:ma» will sail to-
for th« Philippines, and close on her
fpeelr will follow the Fhertdan. orders to.that
«-S>ot having been received from Washington.
"Th- r< asm for pending the Sheridan so soon
is the accumulation here of a larsre quantity
cf i'rmy frelpht. much of It engineers' *up
r!i**s for the fortifira.tions being built on Cor
regidof- Iirland. coramandinc the entrance to
;'.-•.'.& Bay. The rargo carried by the Thomas
• mill Include 1W"O tone cf hay.
Frtmj China and Mexico.
: The Pacific a'ail Ocmpany's steamship
is due to-<fiiy from- Chjria, Jaoan and
Honolulu. Fhe is expected in 'port early thin
mornint. The Pacific Coast Rteainshnp Com
•psny'B pretty little lloer Curacao is also due
«v)-<3ay. from Guaymas and way t>orts. Ac-
. cording ' to her schedule the •. Curacao shoujd
bar* been, here three days ago, but was lale
leaving Guzymas.
5E^VS OF TIIE OCIi\X.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
, ' ' Shipping Mero!iant.s.
«Th« fteamer Melville Dollar (at San Pedro)
ifocerds to I'uget Sound to load lumber for
Shanghai.
» The schooner Lym&n D. Foster fat Port
Hlakelpy) is chartered for lumber thetice to
Arujfasa»ta. "
SJiipment of Wlieat.
• TJie CJiiUsh eh!p I^adye Deris wu cleared
ye«t^»day for Qiwenstov/n. for crdere. with
C9.647 'N& wheat, valued at 5:-- C!7 and 2O.000
fflumber as duiinaire. v&lued at fCOO.
«
Hay. 'and Grain for Janan.
' The Britirh fKimer TTyeSeld was cleared
yrstenSa.v 'far .Mcjl, Japan, via Coaaox, with
CO.UC* .ctls "barley, valued at f 77.5(X». 10.370
bClf^'hay, valued at ?M73. and t»27 ctls oats,
vijue* at f 1307. The btcaraer also carried 11,
■Oo* ft lumber as dur.r.age. vtlued at ?1SO.
•
KHIPPIXG INTELLIGENCE.
Wednesday. December 28.
* tBtirir "Arro. liachatn, 22 hours from Del
_JPr.«hip ' . r.:a! Enspire, Simpson, 140 days
Thursday, December 29.
U S Rmr Ohi<3.- Loff&n. from a crui«e»
h\:r.r Gi{*y. Inland, 17 hours from Monterey.
Btrnr Point Arena, , Miller, 24 hours from
Mendocino.
Etmr Magtfe. "Whitney. 4 houra from Half
moon 23a}*. ' * * ■ * ...
. ■ " Thursdky, December 29.
Br star Wjcfitll. Watscn. MoJI..vla Comoz.
B C; Harry J Hart.
Br shlo Lady Dtris, Wood. Queenstown; J
J Moore & Co.
Br ship Barfllaa, McArthur, Newcastle, N
S W; W R Grace & Co.
SAILED.
-.^ Thursday, D« C e m ber 20.
gtmr Jdaerie. W hltat y, Halfmooa Bay.
ts.raT Kt:t » k» . .U !■ ■< .-., Eureka
•Btinr Coos Bey, Nicolscn. San Pedro
etmr State of California, Thomas SanDlero
Stmr SljrnaL Bendeserd, Cocs Eay
Ctmr Czarina, Johnson, Coo* Bay.'
Stmr Bamoa. Mads f r., Cai?x.ar.
Stmr Ctlia, Ilacfn, Albion.
Stmr Prentisa, Ahlotrom. Tureka
Brir W G Irwin, Haupon. Hcchs" Harbor
Kchr AITifrt Meyer, Johnson. Bellirjrham."
■ Bchr i&ary C. Campbell, Bodega. '
SICKEN.
-Dec l«^Lat 2 N, lcn£ 29 W. Fr bark La
Fountain*, from Antweru, for Oregon
Tec 7— Lat 12 E, long 34 W, Ger ehip Mar
dalcne. from Shitlds, for San Francisco
Dec 2*— Lat 21 X. lonr 74 W, stmr City of
Washington, from New Tork. for Colon.
Dec 11— Lat 4 N. lonjc 2C W. Tr ehip
lie revere. . . from Kcweattle, ring f or «.£
Francisco. '
Dec 10— Let 4 N. lonr 29 W, Br whip ' Kate
Thomas, from Iquiqua, fcr .
No date— Lat 14 N, Ion* 27 W Br ehln
frora ABtwerp. for Ean
Dec S— Lat S S. lens SO W. Br bark Doris
from Hull, for Ean Francisco.
TELEGRAPHIC.
el^S^L^? 308^ "« »■ "> P m-Weather
«4°ndy; wind aoutJs; velocity 2S miles per hour
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ABERDEEN-Salled Dm 28-Stmr Coro-
nado. for San Francisco: echr Annie M Camp
bell, for San Francisco.
SAN' PEDRO— Arrived Dec 28, 11 p m— Stmr
Chthalis, hence Dec 26, in tow of stmr Nor
wood; etmr Norwood, hence Dec 26. Dec 25) —
Etmr Robert DoUar. from Mukilteo; stmr Cen
tralia, h«nce Dec 28: atmr Vansuard, from
Redondo; stmr Bonita, hence Dec 26; atmr
laqua. from Redondo.
Sailed Dec 28— Schr Prosper, for Ballard.
Dec 29— Schr Fr*d J Wood, for Grays Harbor.
MONTEREY— gAtled Dec 2S— Stmr Rose
crans, for Portland. Ore. '
FORT BRAGG — Arrived Dee 28 — Stmr
Brunswick hence' Dec 28.
REDOXOO— Sailed Dec 29 — Stmr Van ruard.
for San Pedro; stmr laqua, for San Pedro;
etmr Acme, for San Francisco.
HUEXEME-^Paased Dec 29, 10 a ra— Stmr
Curacao, from' Guaymas and way ports, for
San FrancUco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Dec 29— Stmr City of
Puebia. hence Dec 26; rtmr Meteor, hence
Dec 23.
Sailed Dec 2S — Stmr Ramona, for Bkagway.
Dec 29^ — Stmr Queen, for San Francisco.
PORT !>OS ANGELES— Arrived Dec 29—
Etrar Melville Dollar, from Grays Harbor, and
sailed for San Pedro.
COOS BAY — Arrived Dec 29— Stmr Break
\rater. h?nce Deo 27. ■-..•
BELLINGHAM- Arrived D*C 29 — Br ship
Madagascar, hence Dec 7. '■■■-.-.,■
ALCATRAZ U\N DING— Sailed Deo 29—
Etrnr Arsyll, for San Francisco.
PORT BL.AKELEY — Arrived Dec 29 — Bark
Diamond Head, from Pert • Angeles. ■ • :
ISLAND PORTS.'
I HONOLULt; — Arrived D*e 2»— Schr Alice
Cocke. from 'Port Tovuend: U S itmr Bear,
hencr D«"C 17.
MANILA— Sailed Dec 29— Schr Expansion,
for Pert Towr send.. > ';-,-_:, ,
EASTERN PORTS.
NETV. YORK— Sailed Dec 2S— Stmr B«ru
ranoa. for Colon.
BALTIMORE: — Sailed Dec 23 — Br etmr
Athos. for Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
LONDON— Arrived Dec 28— Br stmr Ma
chaen. from Taccma.
HONGKONG- Sailed Dec 2S— Br 6tmr Athe
nian, for Vancouver.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Dec 19 — Br stmr Kee
muri. for Pupet Sound. D*c 21 — Jap stmr
Kanasawa Man, tor Seattle.
COLOMBO — Arrived prior to Dec 28 — Span
strr.r Isla de Panay, from Liverpool, for Ma
nila.
NANAIMO. B C — Sailed Dec 28 — Br «tmr
TWlIlnRtrii for San Francisco. :-. '.-"
SINGAPORE — Sailed Dec 23 — Span stmr C
IyD]x?z y Lo&*z. for Liverpool.
SHANGHAI— Sailed prior to Dec 15 — Schr
Inea. for Port Townsend.
BRISBANE— Sailed Dec 28 — Br ttmr MIo
wera, for Vancouver.
GLASGOW— galled Dec 28— Br-BhiD Nlvelle,
for Vancouver.
NEWCASTLE. AUS — Arrived prior to Dec
23 — Nor «nr Skuld, from Manila.- ■
PORT PIRIE — Arrived prior to Dea 29— Br
chip Arctic Stream, from St John. N B.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
GENOA — Arrived Dec 29 — Stmr Liguria,
from New York, via' Naples.
Bailed Dec 29— Stmr Lombardlan, for New
York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Dec- 29— Stmr Fries
land, from Philadelphia;' etmr. Ottoman, from
Portland Me.
Sailed Dec 29 — Stmr Haverford, for Phila
delphia.
LONDON — Arrived Dec 29 — Stmr Georgian,
from Boston. .
MARSEILLES— Bailed Dec 24— Stmr Italia,
for New York.
QUEENSTOWX— Sailed Dec 29— Stmr Teu
tonic, from Liverpool; for New York.
GLASGOW — Arrived Dec 28 — Stmr Cartha
genian, from Philadelphia, via St Johns, N" F;
etmr Sardinian, fror Boston.
Memoranda.
Per Br "«hlp Colonial : Empire, Dec 29 —
Palled Au* 10 from Antwerp; had to anchor
in tl-.e;.Downs for 10 days, with a succepwion
of SW tale*: Jiad . Ilsrht and \-ariabIe winds
to the equator, which- we crossed September
27, long '^3 48 ~y>~; got the SE trades 'in lat 2
S, and lost thein In 19 S; had northerly winds
to Cape Horn; which we massed Oct 27: had
fins weather off the Horn; had northerly winds
to 22 S; get the SE tradca In 223 and lost
them In lat 2 N: cot the NE trades in 2 N:
had EXE wincJe to- port.-, -•
LONDON. Dec 28 — Ger itmr Abydos. from
San Francisco Oct 7,. for Hamburg, previouely
reported, is- asijore at .Ofeorno Bay, Straits cf
Magellan, D«cv26: position 1» dangerous; hold
still tight; asxlsiance has been sent; fore part
resting on rocks :amidsblt)» afloat.
BELLINGHAM, -Dec 20— Bark S D Carleton
wci> driven ashore again to-day during gale;
at the time gale epruag up anchor was raised
to shift \-e««c!; ship lies well up on the beach
on soft mud, . bo that little damage can be
done; wh«n vessel was drl\ - tn ashore tide was
at its hlgheat; at lew water Teasel will be
high and dry- • " .'"
Time Ball.
Branch Hydropraphic .- Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal.,
• December 29. l»04.
The Time Ball on th« tower of the Ferry
bulHilns ww dropped exactly at noon to-day —
l e at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 3
p. a. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
: Lieutenant. U. S. N., in charge.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published. by official authority of the
Superintendent.
KOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide 1* the same at both places. .,
i" FRIDAT. DECEMBER 80.
Sun rl»« ••••••-•••• J ; 2*
M^n'X;-:::;:::::::::::::"::::^;*a->: 4^
!?|h W L W H W L W
3X ' 1 0:02 2.0^:*l B-7 1:23 0-7 S:06 i.0
NOTE— In the above exposition of thj tides
the carlTraornlnt: tides are given In, th. left
hand column and the euccesalve tide* of the
St?ln the order of occurrence a* to time; th,
fourth, time column gives . the last tide of the
di^?"r«5ept when there. are but three tide., a.
■ometlmei occurs. The height, given are In
addition to the sounding., of the United State.
Coart Survey Charts; except when a minus (— )
eten precedes the height, and then # the number
clven i« BubtracUd^from the depth given by
■
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 30, 1904.
KOSMOS LINER ABYDOS. WHICH
IS ASHORE IN THE STRAITS OF
MAGELLAN. '
the chart.. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters... • -.'• :.-.-;. rf
Movement^ of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. | From. - ! Du*.
Nebraskan... Seattle 'Dec. 30
San Pedro Humboldt D»c. 30
Columbia Portland & Astoria Dec. 30
China China & Japan Dec. 30
Jsanie Seattle & Tacoma. Dec. 30
Curacao Mexican Ports .,. Dec. 30
Empire: Coos Bay Dec. 30
Vanguard.... San Pedro Dec. 31
Breakwater.. Coos. Bay Dec. 31
Coronado Grays Harbor Dec. 31
O. Dollar r Grays Harbor Dec 31
Bonita Newport & Way PortB. Deo. 31
City Para New York via Ancon.. Dee. 31
Corcna Humboldt Dec. 31
Wellington... Oyster Harbor •. . Jan. 1
Que«»n Fuget Sound Ports... . Jan. 1
Arctic Humboldt Jan. 1
Eureka Humboldt Jan. 1
Arcata Coos Bay * Pt. Orford. Jan. 2
BtateofCal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Jan. 2
Sequoia Willapa Harbor Jan. 2
Sierra Sydney &* Way Ports.. Jan. 2
Saxonia. ..... Seattle Jan. 2
S.Barbara... Grays Harbor Jan. 2
North Fork.. Humboldt Jan. 2
Norwood San Pedro Jan. 2
Cenlralia.l... San Pedro Jan. 2
Redondo Portland &' Astoria Jan. 2
Edith Oyster Harbor Jan. 3
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pt«. Jan. 3
Pomo Point Arena & Albion. Jan. 3
Pomona Humboldt Jan. 3
Aurelia Portland & Astoria.. .. Jan. 4
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria Jan. 4
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt Arena. Jan B
Santa Rosa.;. San Dlego& Way Pts. Jan. 5
Acapulco New York via Ancon..)jan. 5
Amasls Hamburg: & Way Pts. ' Jan. 6
City Puebia.. Puget Sound Ports jjan. 6
S. Monica. • . . Grays Harbor | Jan G
Sequoia..- Willapa Harbor Jan ,7
Nevatian Kahulul | Jan. 7
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
- December 30.
Elizabeth.. Coqullle River 2 pm Pier 20
San Pedro. . Loa Angeles Ports. 2 pm Pier 2
Pomona.... Humboldt '. 1:30 p Pier'-' 9
Newburg... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
December 31.
H. Dollar... Seattle direct .... 4 pm Pier 20
Vantruard.. Humboldt 12 m Pier 27
J. Hlggins.. Lo» Angeles Ports. 11 am Pier 2
Cascade Grays Harbor. 8 am Pier • 2
Alaskan. . . . New Tork- direct Pier 23
Marlposa... Tahiti direct 11 am Pi«r 7
Umatllla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Alameda.... Honolulu .; '.11. am Pier 7
San Jose... N*. Y. via Ancon..l2- m!Pler 40
F. Kllburn. Portland & Way... 2 pmlPier 27
Rainier Seattle & BUnghm 4 pm Pier 10
Point Arena Point Arena 4 pmlPier 2
G. Lindauer Grays Harbor 6 pmlPier 2
January 1. I
Samoa Loo Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
January a. I .
S. Barbara. Los Angeles Ports. 2 pm Pier 2
Eureka Humboldt fl am Pier 13
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Jeanie Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
Corona Humboldt" ..l:30pPIer 9
S. Rosa. . . . San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Boaita Newport & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Norwood . . . Seattle ' direct pjer 2
Central la. . . Grays Harbor 10 am Pier 10
. January 3. |
Breakwater Coos Bay direct.... 5 pmlPier 8
January 4. I
Arctic. ..... Humboldt .-". 9 amlPier 2
Arcata Coos 8. & Pt. Orfd 12 ro| Pier 13
January 6. ■ I
Sequoia.... Willapa Harbor.... 4 pm Pier 20
Redondo...- Astoria &■ Portland B pm Pier 2
AnubU Hamburg & Way. 12 m Pier 19
laqua Astoria. & Portland 0 am Pier ' 5
Coronado... Grays Harbor...... 4 pm Pier 10
Pomo Pt. Arena & Albion 8 pm Pier . 2
BtateofCal San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Queen...... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier. 9
Nebraskan.. Hono. & Kahului. ...... Pier —
January 6. I
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Saxonia.... Hamburg ■& Way. 12' m Pier 19
N. Fork.... Humboldt ......... 9 am Pier 20
'-. January 7. : » - I
Aurelia..... Astoria & Portland "4 pmlPier 27
Q.' W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
City Para. . N*.. Y. via Ancon.*. 12 m Pier 40
Curacao. . . . i Mexican Port* . . . : 10 am Pier 11
FROM SEATTLE. -'- ■; -.'v. ;; : ;
Steamer. Destination. galls.
Jefferson..... Ska g way & War Port*. Deo. 31
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Port*. Dec 81
EanUAu.... Beldovia & Way Ports. Jan. 1
Farallon..... Skagway & Way. Ports. Jan. 8
WUjIjIE WISE; AND. TOMMY
• . ■ ■ TUFF... .' . .
Thought They Vi Get ' Simple
Sammy and His Pup < Into .
; Trouble, trat Did They?
IN NEXT'SUND AY'S
j CO3UC SECTION.;
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 29—5 p. m.
Tha following maximum and minimum tem
peratures ara reported for the previous day: ,
Cincinnati 20-12 Philadelphia ....44-23
Boston 40-22 Washington , . , . .40-20
Jacksonville 40-32 New York 46-22
St. Louts 16-12 Pittsburg 20-13
Chicago -...1U-02] Honolulu, H. I. ..76-68
New Orleans .... 44-34)
SAN FRANCISCO .... ..60-4*
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of the same date
last season, and the rainfall in the last twen
ty-four hours: 4 . .,
Last This Last
Stations. 21 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka .... 17.54-
Red Bluff 0.28 12.24.. 11.82"
Sacramento Trace . 3.28 ■ 4.44.
£an Francisco .... 0.10 9.73 0.03
•Fresno 0.00 5.31 O.OO
Independence 0.00 0.45 O.42 :
San Luis OdIsdo.. 0.00 4.H7 ' -0.82
Los Angeles O.OO 1.88 ■ 0.43; .
San Diego ' 0.00 1.79 0.42
THE .COAST. -RECORD.
a g' . K .rj 2 . 3>
sTAx^ f.fijlii ;;|*;. I
_j : ' 3 a : ■ ■•■■■>:' ':■:■■
Baker 29.68 36 20 S Rain i .01
Carson 2».8O 58 24 H Cloudy .00
Fresno 25>.94 68 32 SB Cloudy .00
Flagstaff ....30.16 44 2 E Clear .CO
Pocatello 20.98 40 4 E- Cloudy .00
Independence .20. 9« M 18 S Clear .00
Los Angeles. .30.02 70 -46 "TV Clear. .00
Mt Tamalpais.20."!> -:49 42 SE3 Foggy 21
North Head. .»). 32 58 -48 SB Rain- 2.10
Phoenix 30.04 ftS 32 8 Clear .OO
Portland .,..20.44 54 40 SB Rain 1 64
Red Bluff 20.68 52 42 SE Cloudy .26
Roseburg ....29.52 «2 50 S Rain- 2.S12
Sacramento ..20.S2 54 44 S. Rain T:"
Salt Lake.... 30. 12 R4 10 NW Clear .00
Ban Franclsco.29.80 : 6O 4« E Clear .10
S. L. Oblepo. .30.00 ti6 32' S Cloudy .00
San DieKO....80.0(> 64 < 46 W "Clear" .«>
Seattle 29.38 54 88SE Cloudy 1. 25
Spokane 29.54 42 2fl 8 Rain .98
Tatooah 20.16 54-46 S Rain ' .72
Walla "Walla.. 2». 50 60 30 SW Rain .16
Winnemucca .29.80 44 20 E • Cloudy 00
Yuma ....... 30. 04 66 34 NE Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL.
FORECAST.'.
A severe storm overlies the northern half of
th? Pacific Slope. *
Southwest storm warnings ara . displayed
from Point Lobos northward.
Heavy rain has fallen in Washington and
Oregon. ?~.'7;r\-r : _ " .. -• . >■
The following high winds ' are reported :
North Head. 72 miles south; Walla Walla. 40
eoutheast; Pocatello, 36 ea?t;,Port Crescent, 34
Bouth.
Forecast mad« at Pan Francisco for ■ thirty
hours, ending midnight, December 30:
California, north of Tehachapl — Rain Friday;
brisk to hleh southwest winds. ' '
California, .south of Tehacbapl — Cloudy Fri
day, possibly rain by night; light northeast
winds, chanslnr to south.
Nevada^— Rain or snow Friday; wanner. '
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Friday,
with rain: brisk to hlsh south winds. •
Los Angeles and vicinity — Cloudy Friday,
pocslbly rain by night: light northeast wind,
changing to fresh couth. . ■';■■, ■■ '■
Sacramento-^Raln Friday; brisk to • high
south winds. ....... ;
Fresncv^-Raln Friday; brisk, south winds.
A." 6. McADIE, District Forecaster.' '
LOSES niS PAY FOR
IMPUDEXCE TO CAPTAIN
Iloseniaii M^atlicson Tells His' Superior
Officer to "Please Go 'Way and
Let Him Sleep." ...
"If the substitute wasn't any better
than the" fireman, then they . ought to
kill him," remarked, Commissioner-
Parry at a^recent meeting/of {the. Fire
Commission during the. preliminary
hearing of the charge of insubordina
tion and disrespect to superiors pre
ferred by R. Allen, captain of Engine
Company 20; against Hdseman' Wil
liam Matheson. Yesterday Matheson's
attorney, -Archibald ■ Barnard,' asked
the 'board that Parry be'not allowed to
sit in Judgment on his client's case,
alleging that the Commissioner .. was
prejudiced. Earry was vindicated by
a unanimous vote, of his colleagues,
although he offered to' retire if they
thought him prejudiced. .
-;The proceedings gave" ample oppor
tunity, for mirth. Matheson was
charged with disrespectfully ' asking
his captain to cease hammering and
go away and let him sleep: The cause
of the disturbance was the repairing
of a VsQueegee," an implement for
cleaning stalls, and Allen testified that
the nails he drove were a size larger
than -common pins. ... •. .
- After' evidence , was -' introduced by
Captain Allen, Driver Capelli and Bat
talion Chief Ddlan. .'showing, that
Matheson Vwaq a trouble maker, the
commission % pronounced' him ; guilty
and referred the case to; the. Chief of
the '■ department . f or , transfer, ■ ordering
that Matheson be . deprived ■ of pay
while under suspension. Congress
man-elect; Julius ; Kahn . appeared on
behalf of Captain Allen.
' T.' . J. ' " Harrington,", ;' lieutenant of
Trtick 10, together with Hosen\anLeu
terdt of - Engine. . 28, '■ appealed* to ■ the
board for back f v pay - accumulated
while both men were laid up: owing to
Injuries ■ received: > As the men - failed
to report, the" injuries at the, time,:
thinking: them trivial/ the ,*. Commis
sioners .ordered-; the. Chief Engineer to
investigate and act as he should see fit.'
Theman who can lose, his money
and ; still • keep; his friends ; is a wonder.
WANTS SWAMP
OBLITERATED
Health Officer Ragan Becom
mends Abatement of a
Nuisance on Army Street
TO CONDEMN FACTORIES
Low Grade ; of Milk Served
- in Restaurants, and Kitch
ens Are in Bad Condition
Health Officer D. F. Ragan at,yes
terday's meeting of the Health Board
submitted his monthly .report for De
cember in which he recommends .that
the Board" of Supervisors be requested
to pass an ordinance to extend the .lim
its for prohibited trades so as to ex
clude all such industries from the vi
cinity of the Army-street Bwamp, by
reason of imperfect drainage. and as a
matter of general nuisance and menace
to public health in a section that is
rapidly* growing; and that the board
revoke the permit granted for the es
tablishing of a laundry at Twenty-sixth
and York streets for the reason of the
improper facilities for the carrying off
of refuse water and drainage. Ragan
suggests that the board recommend to
the Supervisors the putting in of cul
verts c-r conduits to carry off the seep
age water, in the swamp as a temporary
means of . abating the nuisances. Ra
gan's report continues:
I recommend the condemnation of land be
tween Twenty-aixth and Army streets at those
points where Bryant, York and Hampshire
streets Intersect, so that the same may be
extended to Army street and sewer connections
carried through on those streets to the Army
street sewer. I recommend also that the
Board of Health condemn all those canneries
and soap factories now emptying their sewage
and drainage : into the swamps bordering on
Twenty-sixth and Army streets.
Cases of tuberculosis during December were
reported by attending physicians to a greater
extent than at any. other time during the.ex
istence of the ordinance relating to the noti
fication of such cases to the health office.
There has been an Increase in the number of
cases " of diphtheria and scarlet fever; with a
subsidence of cases of measles, varicella and
typhoid. Up to December 20 there have been
fceventy-slx deaths from pneumonia. This is
due to the weather and is to be expected this
season of the year.
The report tells of the arrest of twen
ty-four milk dealers who supplied res
taurants and bakeries with a very low
grade of milk and notes that the Po
lice Judges are co-operating in the
matter, of' obtaining a pure milk sup
ply by fining the offenders. Deplor
able sanitary., conditions are reported
in the kitchens of local restaurants, but
with the advent of the inspecting force
there began an immediate repair of the
premises to comply with the law's re
quirements. All the recommendations
in the report were approved by the
board. ■•* '■'. '■'>."
Miss Amy Hart was appointed mat
ron at the Emergency Hospital vice
Miss K. C. Wynne', removed. The posi
tion of matron at the JJbunty Hospital
was ordered vacated^on January 15,
1905."* '.. ...;V-v ■-. ~-^ • . •
A resolution was" adopted enlarging
the Training School of the County Hos
pital by fifteen more nurses, as the
nursing service .'is inadequate.
The Board of Supervisors was- asked
to allow $250 for-a-current changer on
the. X-ray apparatus.' •
The premises at 2029 Fifteenth street
were ordered vacated and the owners
of 2037 Fifteenth- street and 1513 Leav
enworth were cited to show cause why
the 'premises should not be vacated.
Cellars, areas and structures at 809
to 839 Sacramento street, 5 to 9, & to 8
Brooklyn place were condemned and
ordered destroyed. -' V
CONTRARY PROVISIONS OF
TWO WILLS ADJUDICATED
JiulRe Coffey ; Decides Questions Af
fecting Distribution of I->tato or
W'infleld si Jones.
The questions arising from the an
tagonistic provisions of the wills of
the late Winfleld S. Jones, admitted to
probate, were ..decided yesterday by
Judge Coffey.' Jones was connected
with the Security Savings and Loan
Society and left an estate appraised
at $95,658 06 and now worth more
than $100,000. Two wills were found,
one signed by witnesses, dated July
15, 1896, and the other holographic,
dated April 31, 1901. -
Both . testaments • made a complete
disposition of the* property, but in the
first the residuum was bequeathed to
sisters- of the deceased and in the
second to charities. In other bequests
the wills were the same and the ques
tion -was raised as to whether suoh'
bequests should be considered sub
stantial or cumulative. It also de
veloped that the residue left to chari
ties in the second will amounted to
more than one-third of the estate, which
is .the limit that can be left to charity
under the California law. Then the
point at issue.,was whether 'the excess
over the one-third should go to the
sisters or the heirs at law.
Judge Coffey decided that the" be
quests in the holographic instrument
were substantial; thai the charities
should have -only one-third of the Cali
fornia estate and that the surplus of
the. rg3iduum .should be given to the
two sisters, Mary and Virginia B.
Jones. "This excess 'amounts to about
$20,000. r . The sisters also receive
$15,000 and. $20,000 respectively by di
rect bequest.
IMPKOVE31ENTS UNDER WAY
TRESIDIO CAXTOXMENT
Qnartennaster Harrison Is Enlarginc
; Quarters v of the Officers and
.... Building' -Hosplutl.
Improvements are tlje order, of the
day at the cantonment at the Presidio.
Quartermaster 'A; , I. Harrison ' has a
la.rgqi. number, of . carpenters at work
building. additions of a substantial na
ture to the • quarters -occupied by the
Twenty- first «Infantry. • The ,- quarters
on the hillside, where the Tenth In
fantry . : and Fourth / Cavalry | are sta
tioned,, are , also being enlarged and
generally improved. A hospital build r
ing is being erected especially for can
tonment use. ; /
' Lieutenant .-Colonel .John A. Hull,
j judge advocate in the' Philippines, ar
i rived here yesterday. He, will sail for
• Manila- -to-'morrow on 1 the- transport
i Thomas! x He is, accompanied by Mrs.;
' HulL* 'They are staying, at: the. Palace.
,■"., Paymaster Jamep Canby,. U.;S. "A.,
• reported yesterday . at ' headquarters.
Mrs. Canby, • who was Miss Eugenia
Cunningham, has always beena-belle
■in army circles and will be a great ac
! quisition to , that . contingent here.
Lieu tenant Thomas M. Knox, Fourth
Cavalry, I registered at the department
headquarters - yesterday. ; • He - is at the
Occidental.. .,:.' /
., : First Lieutenants Thomas L. Brewer
■ and Ward? Dabney and'. Second Lieu
'- tenant j John C. Fairfax, Twenty-first
Infantry. t will go to the Philippines
i with the officers in; charge o<; the de
tachment of- casuals sailing. to-morrow
I on Uhe ; transport ; Thomas for Manila.
The fellow who sets barreled at
t night i naturally feels all bunged up
the next morninsr.rJMB
WHEAT GROWERS
GET GOOD NEWS
Necessary Funds Are Raised
to Make Experiments in
Seeds and in Planting
VALLEYS FURNISH AID
Legislature Will Be Asked
to Give $6000 to Help
Work Out Great Problem
The committee that was formed some
time, ago to dsvire ways and means
to Improve the quality and increase tha
quantity of wheat produced in Cali
fornia announces-that. sufficient money
has been raised to conduct the neces
sary' experiments until an appropria
tion can be secured from the State.
The committee was brought Into ex
istence by the action of the California
State Board o£ Trade. Several meet
ings were held and an executive com
mittee was named to raise funds and
to consider the entire Important
question.
Manager Arthur R. Briggs of the
State Board of Trade says that there
Is |2oS5 in sight. The Sacramento Val
ley Development Association has prom
ised $500 and will raise $500 more. The
San Jooquin Valley has raised $1000.
The flour millers have done their
share of the work. There is in bank
51535 subject to the orders of the com
mittee. A bill will be drawn for sub
mission to ■ the California Legislature
appropriating $0000 to carry on the
work for two years. ,
The services of the agricultural de
partment of the University of Califor
nia and the help of an agricultural ex
port representing the United ; States
Department ot Agriculture will be
given free of cost for the benefit of
the State.
Next week the executive committee
will meet to hear Professor Hilgard
and Professor Shaw concerning the
methods to be pursued In the wheat
matter. The first step will be a chem
ical analysis of 6eed wheat received
from the various countries and States.
The nex&wtn be to see that the seed
is planted in a scientific way,, .A.sta?
tion for planting has been selected in
Yuba County. There will also be a
station either in Fresno or Merced
County asd a third farther north,
possibly in Butte or Tehama County.
SUPERIOR JUDGES WILiIi ;V^:
HAVE BUSINESS MEETING
New "Clerk to Be Chosen and Pro
posed Amendments to Laws and
'"•''. Rules Discussed.
Presiding Judge Kerrigan will call a
meeting of the twelve Superior Judges
for next Tuesday and with the number
ot matters requiring consideration the
session will probably last half a. day.
At that time a new Presiding Judge
will -be selected and Judge Lawlor
will succeed to the honorary, office
which has been held by Judge Kerri
gan for the last year.
A successor will also be' chosen to
nil the* vacancy created by the recent
resignation of James W. Coffroth,
clerk of the Superior Court. The
leading candidates are Court Commis
sioner Thomas W: Mulvey and - Law-
Librarian John F. Tyler.
Two questions to be discussed are
the proposed amendments to the jury
law,- suggested by the Merchants' As
sociation to shorten the term of jury
service, and proposed amendments to
the Superior Court rules, offered by
the Lawyers' Club of California for
the .purpose of regulating the matter
of continuances.
FREEZES IN FLORIDA
; BUT IS WARM OUT HERE
Cold Weather Visits South, North
west Experiences Bad Storm, but M
California Is. Comfortable.
A- heavy rainstorm, accompanied by
high winds, struck the Oregon coast
yesterday and spread rapidly" in all
directions. The rainfall in Washing
ton and Oregon averaged more than
two inches. The winds along shore
attained a velocity of seventy miles an
hour. Northern and Central Califor
nia will receive a strong swish from
the tail of the storm to-day, according
to Professor McAdie of , the .Weather
Bureau. .
The .temperature in this State was
warmer. In Northern Florida and in
New Orleans the mercury descended
below the freezing point. . -
Off shore on this side of the con
tinent the winds are raging . and the
sea is correspondingly, rough. Storm
signals were sent all along the coast
yesterday, but what shipping Is at seg.
may suffer severely.
ADVERTISE31EXTS.
:M Brand' m
\ H Evaporated m
; H Oream m
|^ because it is most concentrated; j^^[
s||i because richest in cream;
1 because most skillfully
|^S Its purity is guaranteed ajM
B9 under forfeit of $5,000 to r ffil
J^m anyone able to prove- ra^i
jRJg&i any adulteration in our
; ia/.t;hess.
- Notary Public and ■ Attorney-at-I.aw.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015.' Claua Spreckels bids.
' . Telephone Main 88.J.
j Resldenco. 1S02 McAllister st.
Residenc- Telephone Page CU41.
THINKS "COPS"
PROMPTED SHOT
Waiter Whose Evidence Sent
Patrolman to Prison Mys
teriously Receives a Wonnd
MAKES A QUEER REMARK
Intimates That His Connec
tion With Murder Case Is
Cause o/ Present Injury
NEW YORK, Dec. 29.— Standing al
most in the spot where Robert Bren
nan was shot to death by Patrolman
Arthur Mallon last May. William
O'Brien, a homeless waiter, who sava
the most important testimony in the
trial that resulted in Mallon being sent
to prison for twenty years, to-day re
ceived a bullet wound which probably'
will result in his death. O'Brien's as
sailant escaped and the waiter has re
fused to make any statement that
would assist the officers in, learning his
identity.
"When you go against th» 'cops* you
get all that's coming to you," th»
wounded man said as h* lay on the
floor of a saloon awaltinsr th» arrival
of the ambulance. Three men ara un
der arrest as suspects.
O'Brien was walking down tha Bow
ery and had Just passed the saloon
where Brennan was killed when a shot
rang out and he fell with a bullet in
his abdomen. The police advance the
theory that O'Brien had been In a fight
and that he was shot after he had
stabbed his adversary.
O'Brien, who is 25 years old, has an'
interesting police record.
BOILKR INSPECTORS WAOTED. — Tha
United States Civil Service Commission an-*
nounces an examination on January 25 for'local
and assistant inspector of boiler*, steamboat
Inspection service. Age limit. 25 to tt yean:
salary. $1200 to $2230. Apply to th« United
States Civil Service Commission. "Washlnrton.
D. C, or to the secretary. Board of Civil Ser
vice examiners, San Francisco^ for application'
form 1087 and form 1405.
ADVERTISEMEXTS.
Heat your
office at*
once
This weather causes pneu-
monia, grippe, colds, etc. If
your stenographer, book-
keeper or clerk gets sick, lays
off for one day,"it loses more
money for you 1 * than a dozen
heaters cost. Then, too, how
about yourself? Isn't your,
own health of some value7..
We can warm any office,
store or house quickly
and economically with
Phone Exchange 6 for
our expert. Don't wait
to write. Quick action
our style. . j
THE (jj|§ COMPANY
415 Post St. ' ]
OCEAN' TRAVEL.
S Steamers of company, or
for which it 1. agent, leav*
Piers 8 and 11, San Fran-.
Kor Ketchikan*. Wrangrt.
June an. Treadwell. Ualnea.
Sknguay. etc.. Alaska — 11 a.
m.. Dec. 31. Jan. 5. ('hanci
to this company*.- steamers
at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver. Port Townsend,
Seattle. Tacoma, Everett. South Belllngharo.
Bellingham— 11 a. m.. Dec. ai, Jan. 5. Chans*
at Seattle to this company's steimers for Alas-
ka and G. N. Ry. ; at Feattl« or Tacoma to N.
P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C P. Ry.
For Eureka. (HumboMt Day>— Pomona. l:3O
p. m.. Dec. 30. Jan. 5. Corona. 1:30 p. m..
Jan. 2.
For Loa Anjreles (via Port l«» Angles and
Rednndo), San Diego and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa. Sundays, ft a. m. .
State of California, Thursdays. 0 a. m.
For Lea Angoles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-*
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harfcrd (Sad
*Lol> OblspoX, .Ventura and Hueneme. " •
Bonita. 9 a.*m., Jan. 2. ■ " : ■ I
Coos Bay. 5) a. m.. Jan. 6.
For Ensenada. Magdalcna" Bay^ San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, Iji Par:. £anta Rosalia^
Guaymas (Mex). 10 a. m. r 7th of each menth.
For further In formation, obtain folder. Right
is reserved to chance steamers or tailing dates.
TICXXT OmCXS — 4 New Montgom-
ery *t. (P3lace Hotel). 10 Market st.. and Broad-
way wharves. 7rel?UtOSlco 10 Market st.'
C. D. DCNANX. Gen»ral Pasaenfrer Asent. J
: 10 Market st.. San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutler St.. will'
call fcr and check batrtrajre from hotels an I
resldeneea. Telephone Exchange 312.
S. S. ALA1IEDA. for Honolulu. Dec. 31, 11 am
: S. S. MAR1PO3A. for Tahiti, Dec. 31. 11 a.m.
S. S. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auckland
and Sydney, Thurs., Jan. 12, l'JCS, 2 p. m. .
!J).SPEECIELSS KOi COL. Uls.,TldB: 02IC3oi3 lL"-.
iet. Jieig&i KgC3 327.Mar£si SL V Pig 7, Padl; ii ,
C0MPA8NI3 OBKERALE TRAS3ATLiSTIQCS. -'
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE— PARIS,
.^aillns- every Thursday instead nt 4&J£*h
Saturday, at 10 a.m,, from Pier 42, **«3^B5S.
'North River, foot of Mcrton »t.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. '" Sec-^.
! ond class to Havre. $43 and upward. GEN-
KRAL AGENCY FOR UNITED .STA1ES A*TD>
CANADA, S2' Broadway (Hud3on biilldinjO,
New York. J. F. FUGAZt & CO.. Paciac Ccw>t.
Agents " 5 Montgomery avenu-?." San Fra-iclsco.
Tlckeu' sold by all Railroad TTck-jt Agents. ' \
Tot TJ. S. ITavy Yard and Valla Jo.
Strs. General Friable. : Montl2«lIo» and Arrow. '.
9*45 a-m..' 12:30 p.m., 3:13 p.m.. « p.m.. 8:St»"
pm.- Sundays. 0:45 a.m.. 12:30 noon, ft p m..'
8-30 p. m. Leave Vallejo, T a_m.. 9 a.m.. 12:50
p.m., o:15'p.m. <*5:4r> p.m. Saturday),' tt pro.
Sundays. T a.m.. 9 a.m.. 3:20 p.xn.. « p.in. Pier
2 foot Mission st.: uhone Main 1SGS. H.\TCH,
I PROS. . ' -- '. - ■..
'< TotV.8. Kavy Yard and Valla lo.
I Stint- H. J. CORCORAN leaves r.orth tn<i
Ferry bids.; foot of Clay :st..- 10' a.ra.. '5i3ff
! p.m.'; Sundays." 10 a.m..- 8 p.33. Leaves Val-.-
1 lejo, Aden's wharf. 7:15 a.m., 2:30 p.m.; bun-
I days. 7:15 a.m., 5 p.m. Fare 25c eaok way.
PIPER, ADEN. GOODALL CO.
1112
TIN OF LIBBY'S HOME-MADE PLUM PUDDING FREE
. Address Communications to
JOHN McXAUGOTT.'^-^y^iMaaagcr
\\\ J~MAKTIX . . . -Jiuslivra^Mana^cr
"telephone. „..„,,„„
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator W >" Ctm-
. nect Xou With liie Department \o\x W lsn. j
Publication Office... -Market and Third. S. F.
euutortaj Koorns 217 to Stevenson e~
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cta. Ter Week. 75
Cts. Per Month. Sintfe Copies 5 /- t8 /.,, s
Terms by Mai!. IncIudinK I'estage iCasn v» ua
Order.) :
DAILV CALL (inc'.ud. Sunday). 1 J'"' ••»»■*'
DAILY CALL Unclud. Sunday). <> mos... «.£» (
DAILY .CALI-r-By Hin B le Month J»c
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year -■•"
{sslS^fcSRSWSS
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
' TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Casicl* Cos lea will b« forwarded when re-
quested.
Mail subscriber* la ordering change of ad-
should be peril cular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to In*™" 8 »
prompt and correct compliance with their re-
axnsst.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1018 Broad way Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE:
1148 Center Etreet Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT :
BAMUEL W. WALL Post Building
. NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Aatoria Hotel; A. Brentaao. 31
rnlcn Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Flfth-avenne
Hotel and Hoffra&n House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Eherman House; P. O. News Co.; Grest
Northern Hctel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGXESS. Marquette Building.
(Long Distance Telephone. "Central 'jei*.' >
NEW YORK REPRESENT ATTVE:
BTEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco CalT.
corner Market and Third streets; open until
12 o'clock every nigfct in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
1008 Market street opposite Firth; open until
11 P. m.
627 Montgomery etreet, corner Clay; open until
8 :£0 p. m.
800. Hayes street; open until 8:30 p. m.
€38 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
€15 Larkin street: open until 9:30 p. m.
li«41 MJs*lon etreet: open until 10 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. tn.
1C9C Valencia etreet; open until 9 p. ra.
JCortbeatt corner Church and Duncan 6tre*ts;
open until 9 p. ra.
£?(»> Finmere street; open until 9 p. tn.
LSEETISQ NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Corr.mandery No. L K. .. ± „
T.— No assembly THIS (FRIDAY) Tri^
EVENING. ■ 53
CHAS M. PLUM. Commander.
L. A. LAR6EN', Recorder pro tem.
PACIFIC Loiee No. 1S8, F. and A. M., 9
will meet THIS (FRIDAY) EVEN- YY
ING, 7:30 o'clock. Third D-gree. /V\
GEORGE PEN'LINGTON. Sec.
GOLDEN Gate Encampment No. 1. I.Ok fl
O. O. F.— Special meeting. Golden )f^
Rule and Royal Purple degrees
THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING. * X
P. E. MERTZ. C. P.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. K. of P.. *
meets THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING
st 8 o'clock. Pioneer building. 24 /*»>
Fourth st. Knight Rack, amplified.
Visitors cordially lavtted.^ q
■ R. X. McLENN'AN'. K. of R. and 8.
CAN FRANCISCO Tent No 18. y^'S?^**!^
K <"> T M. — P.evlew THIS /SHhJ*--"-**^*
.FRIDAY! EVENING at 8 £23 A f?a
o'clock. Pio&eur Hall, 24 B^/tVvWj
D. B. RICHARDS. Vfc5£§*3/
Eecqrd Keeper.
THE Cxll'crnia Debris Commission, having
r«»eeived applications to mine by hydraulic
procets from B. G. Smith and 6. H. Robin-
eon, In Celtic and Monterey gravel mine, at
Columbia, Tuolumne County, Cal.. draining
•isto Mormon Creek, which reaches Stanis-
. ' laus River; from J. F. Schindler, in Council
* Hill mine, mar Scales, Sierra County, Cal..
<2ialr.ir.sr into Rock Creek, which reaches
Tuba Itiver: frcm J. B. Stewart, in Stewart
mine, near Oleta. Amador : Oouiuy. Cal.,
4r&lnir.K Into Indian Creek, which reaches
CcntiiiEnei" River: from W. and G. W. Car-
, pester and Vic Henderson, in Independence
hydraulic mine, .near Iowa Hill, Placer
. .Coenty, Cal., draining into Independence
. Creek, which reaches North Fork of Ameri-
can .River:- frcm Gold Top Mining Co.. In
• Orchard placer mine, near Pine Grove. Am-
. ador Gcunty, CaJ.. draining into Jackson
- Creek, which reaches Mokelumne River, and
•from Victor. Frar.k and Joseph Dondero. In
. Gold Nugpet mir.e. near Columbia, Tuolurnne
County, Cal., draining into Woods Creek,
which reaches Tuolumne River, gives notice
that a meeting to receive any protests will
be held at room CS. Flood building, San
Francisco. Cal., Jan. 9. 190ft, at 1 :30 p. m.
THE anr.cal meeting of the stockholders of
tbe Nevada National Bank of San Fran-
cltco. Cal., will b» held at its banking-
tseute. 804^ Montcnmery et. San Francisco,
Cal.. on TUESDAY. January 10. 1903.
st 8:13 p. 'm.. for the election of directors to
*erve during the ensuing year, and for tha
transaction of Fuch other business as may
tcct before the meeting.
GEO. GRANT. Secretary.
December 10. 1904.
A FRAUDULENT divorce is dear at $12 and
U no gooS; fcr 22 years I've made divorces
a specialty: quick, quiet; no money needed;
»o pay unless divorce is granted; perfectly
reliable:' lowest fees; advice free: collections
made. G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market at.
R. W. KTNG. Attorney-at-law. Exam. b!<!g..
•'- Cth floor: entrance rocm Oil: established 20
yeers; all cotrrts. gmfral court and office
practice; no fee*- !n advance or for consulta-
tion: evening by appointment. Tol. Red 3001.
AA — Divcrce; costs J!2: cuick.qaiet:aflvice free;
ell law business; no charjre unless auccess-
fui; cpen evenings. 927 Market «.. room 301.
ADVICE free; divorce costs $12: no fees or
• costs In advance; all law business; office
cpen Saturday evenings. 819 Market st., r. 33.
JOHN GUIDERY. attorney-at-law, rooms~~3
and 4. 240 Montgomery et.; phone Red 6617.
1* 6. CLARK. I>27 Market, room 304; consulta-
tion free; no fees in advance; open evenings.
. ASTHMA CUBE.
DI NOLA'S Asthma ReraedjT relieves instantly-
10c. »c. t>Oc. 1C02 Market. St. Nicholas
also Wlihart. 10th and Washington, Oakland
ATJTOMOBms.
A FINE autcmobile for sale in flret-class run-
n'.r.g order. Address box 108S. Call office.
__BOAKBTOO_rOB CHrLDBE2T.
WANTS to tak* care of an Infant; rood car*
2S2 Turk *t.. MRS. WEBER.
BUSINESS CHANCES. i
GOOD baslne« man with $1500 cash can con-
trol *rlendld business proposition in Califor-
nia; yearly profits $6000. Box 1586. Call of-
fice. Oakland.
A LADY'S and rent*a tailorisg establishment.
. cleaning and dyeing, for Bale: business well
established and in a fine location. Address
for particulars, box 3286, CalJ office.
$200 — ACTIVE man wanted as partner to do
plain, llrnt work; sure profit of $75 to each
per month. Apply C32 Market et.. , room 6.
CHEAP— Account ' of sickness; for sale, good-
payir.g restaurant. Call at once. 2015 Fol-
Ecro ft.
RESTAURANT and delicatessen store for sale,
situated In good business location. Box
3501, Call effle*.
WANTED— A good hotel, city or country -
country rref erred; E tate price and full par-
tlculars. Box 3101. Call office.
GROCERY and delicacy cheap; easy terms; or
would take reliable partner. Call at 1°98
Jackron ft.
M £S££T lC JF N £ °PP°rtunlty for party with
$1000 to double tame. Box 3670. Call office.
LAUNDRY route; pood horse and wagon; $300
Inquire bet. 3 and S. 3372 Mission at.
FOR ea'.e, or will take partner, saloon and 15
rooms; last chance. 212 East irt.
pIGAR stand for sale. 4CS Seventh «t. Oak.
A— $4«X); BAKERY and confectionery, estab-
lished many years, baking 7 barrels per day;
« horses, "wagoiis and buggy; one of the beat
r4 this city. See R. G. WILKE, 2CH Kearny.
A— $330; well established real estate office in
Napa Co.: office ctoine a cood business: has
valuable contracts; clearing about $130; par-
ticulars. R. G. WILKE. i'CVi Kearny st.
A — $750; HALF interest in manufacturing busi-
ness; established 10 years; partner can clear
$150 easy per month: rare chance. R. U. I
WILKE, 26^4 Kearuy st. - ".-'.■!
A — $15<.iO; tea and coffee store, crockery, etc.; j
rstab. years; stock invoice to about $2S00;
, . owner engaged in business in Arizona; must
Bacriftce. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 2(i>$
Kearny st. . I .! '.
A— $500; HARDWARE, locktmith and electri-
cal repair shop; established 25 years; best
location. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26H
Ktarny.
A— $1SOO; SALOON en water front, close to
Market St.; net rent $120; place established
many years and known as a good paying
business. See R. G. WILKE. 26^i Kearny.
A— $900; BAKERY with delicatessen store, lca-
cream parlor; in very best location; will bu
racrlficed: owner must leave at once for New
York; rest $20. Call R. G. WILKE. 26ft
Kearny st. a v -i
A— $3500; LIQUOR (tore, with 5 years' lease;
$2000 stock guaranteed; 1 block north of
Market; a very rare chance. Call on R. G.
WILKE, 26% Kearny at.
A— $lS00; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon-
daily receipts (50; rent $80; lease; place lo- <■
tated dose to Market and a good business.
Call on R. Q. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $1200; OLD-ESTAB. dyeing and cleaning
works; 3 horses; 4 wagons; net rent $20;
place estab. for many yearn and has a large
patronage; a good paying business. Call on
R. O. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— $1000; HOTEL; a first-class paying bar; 14
rooms, dining-room and kitchen, with 5-year
lease; close to carhouse and other factories.
See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $1800; RESTAURANT for sale, in the best
mining -town in the State of Nevada; dally
receipts, $150; opposite the round house; no
better paying proposition in Nevada. Partic-
ulars R. G. WILKE, 26%' Kearny st. .
$600 — WILL take partner in a good paying,
nicely furnished coffee parlor and reatau-
rant; lease; or owner will cell for $1100;
part on time. See R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearpy st. «
A— $7000; BAKERY, one of the best In city;
monthly sales $6000; splendid chance for two
partners; not all cash necessary. Particulars
** R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny at.
A— $2300; HOTEL In Sonoma. Co.; 20 furn.
rooms: dining and bar room. bus. 2 horses,
cow, etc. and 7 acres of land; 5 year*' lease;
rent $50. or owner will sell whole property
lor $12,000. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny tt.
A— $1750; CORNER grocery and bar. with S
living rooms, on Sacramento St.; 4% years'
lease; rent $43; the very best location. Sea
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny at.
$550— RESTAURANT: very best location; rent
$C0; close to Kearny and Bush; good-paying
Investment; Investigate. Call on R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A— $2350; COAL. wood, hay and grain busi-
ness; 3 horses. 3 wagons; net rent $31;
place established years; very best loca-
tion; a cood cash business. Sea R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny at.
A— *o00; CORNER saloon in wholesale dis-
trict; no night or Sunday work; saloon es-
tab. 20 years and known as a good busl-
ness. See R. O. WlLKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $2450: CORNER grocery and bar; 5 years*
lease; rent $40; atore dolcr lanr« cash bual-
riess: location can't be beat; value in sight.
gee R. G. WILKD. 26% Kearny at.
A— $2000; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; one
block from Examiner building; place estab-
lished years; doing a first-class business:
about $70 per day. Particulars see R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny at.
A— $3300; CORNER grocery and bsx on Fulton
st.; rent $e0; living rooms; stock will in-
voice about $2S0O; a well established and
flret-class paying business. See R. G.
WIL.KE. 26% Kearny st. '
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
8 Eddy et.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
For eale — Well-furniahed and equipped country
hotel; 69 rooms; rent only $150; -10-year
lease; newly painted and renovated through-
out; about 50 miles from S. F. ; fine, grow-
ing town; present owner made fortune and
wants to retire. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
Firet-class saloon downtown: 2 blocks frcm
Market et.; rent $75; well fitted up; receipts
$18 to $2S per day; must be sold on account
of other business; price, $1600. CAMERON
& CO.
First-class short-order restaurant, downtown;
fittings new and up-to-date: receipts $75 to
80 per day: fine opportunity to get Al prop-
osition reasonable; beet of reason for sell-
ing. CAMERON & CO.
For eale— Flrst-clara bazaar and . cigar busi-
ness; Al location, long lease, cheap rent;
fixtures and store up-to-date; established 17
years; fine new stock of goods; has never
changed hands; now clearing $350 and over
per month; best reason for selling; an op-
portunity of a lifetime. SEE CAMERON &
CO.
Harness snd saddlery shop, well located; rent
$12; well stocked; fine wax machine; all
bench tools; everything goes; price; $1000;
more than value in sicht; retiring from
business. CAMERON & CO.
Here is an opportunity of getting one of the
best groceries and bars In city; fine transfer
corner; downtown and doing big business;
cheap rent: K years' lease: receipts average
$1SOO to $2000 per month: never changed
hands; best of reasons for selling. CAMER-
ON & CO. -V.,.-
Exchanges made in all kinds of 'real estate,
rooming-house and business chances. CAME-
RON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
For sale — Several good business propositions
for investors, such as cigar stores, srocerles
and bars, bakeries, furnishing roods, mer-
chandise, country hotels, restaurants and
many other propositions too numerous to
mention; would be pleased to have you call
snd lnFpect our list. CAMERON & CO. 3
Eddy st.
For wale — First-clsas downtown cigar store;
doing rood buslnem, but disagreement of
partners cause of sale. CAMERON & CO.
F. A. BROOKBANK. "
BUSINESS AGENT,
017 Market St., between Fifth and Sixth.
$350 AND services rncure an Interest in old-
estab. office snd commission business clear-
Ing ?200 to $250 mo.; no experience required:
party must be sober and reliable and furnish
irood references, aa same ! will be tendered
him. Particulars with BROOKBANK.
5125 — PARTNER for restaurant on water
front: clearing $75 to each monthly: no night
or Sunday work: experience unnecessary.
See BROOKBANK.
FOR eale on royalty basis. Belling rights In
ten Pacific Coast States — Valuable inven-
tion: absolute necessity in every household:
fairly well introduced in this city: estimated
yearly business in California over $200,000;
good investment. Box 3712. Call office.
BRANCH bakery and variety store; large
barn: full value in sight; best locality across
the bay: this la a genuine offer. For full
particulars call HANSEN & LESS. 1103
Webster at.. Oakland.
CIGAR stand for sale; reasonable. 'Apply 81
Fourth rt.
STEAM laundry for sale in a large coast
town; the only steam laundry in '■ town; the
plant In first-class condition. Addresa box
8723. Call office.
$135— SECOND-HAND furniture, clothing, no-
tlons; living rooms; $200 insurance. 823
Fifth st.
A BAZAAR and stationery store as a wbola
or part: or fixtures alone; to suit purchaser;
rood location: 4 living rooms. 1915 Flllmore.
SNAP— $500; good laundry route for eale; full
Investigation. Box 3703, Call office.
: SALOON for sale; $2500. Box 8705. Call.
TO meet man with small capital to operate
new Insurance scheme. Box 3715, Call office.
FOR 6ale — Good restaurant; at once. 141 East
Etreet.
GOOD paying restaurant for. sale cheap. Box
3701. Call offtce.
WANTED — To buy a corner grocery and bar;
state, price aitked. Address box 1296, Call.
WELL-PAYING meat market for sale; butcher"
remains with buyer. Box 3834, Call office.
SALOON for sale with lease. Apply at Hl-
bernla Brewery.
A BRANCH office of The* Call for the recep-
tion ; of advertisements snd subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 : Market t st., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m. (
COlJ^IlbTlOVUOTTlCIiS. .
BAD tenants . ejected for $4; 'collections made;
city or~country. Pacific Collection Co.. 415
Montgomery, st.. rooms ■ 9-10. Tel. Main 5580. '
THE , SAN FRANCISCO CALL', FRTDAY, DECEMBER 30, 1904.
MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Hearst building, over Examiner entrance,
corner Third and Market sts. ; tel. Black 3607
Hotels and rooming-houses for sale. Free list.
Abstract of Title Free With Each Sale.
$16S; house full
Half furnished 40- O f steady room-
I room house north ers; on account
of Market; $1500 of sickness the
takes it up \.o 10 price ($5000) is
a. m., December cut In two.
2. "There la a , — — .
tide in the affairs See
of all men's lives ■
if taken at tha MARION
flood leads 00 to • -
fortune." GRIFFIN.
Sea • — ' — ■ '■
MARION Fashionable, room-
GRIFFIN. Ing-house of 38
rooms, on Sutter
Salary of $3 per st. Furnishings
day and you stay •
at home. Why cost $6010. Every-
not start In on
Jan. 1, 1905? thing is
You'd lay away
some money. We FIRBT CLASS.
offer you such a .'
chance In the All the roomers
management of a
30-room apart- must give ac-
ment house; price ' . ceptable refer-
$1800. Terms, % ences. House Is
cash. Rent is un- full. Profit is ex-
der $100. actly $187 month-
ly. Owing to lm-
Sea mediate departuro 1
— — from city price Is
■ MARION $3500.
GRIFFIN. Be*
■ MARION
The best fur- GPUFFIN.
nlshed 24-room
house In this city.
On the sunniest —
corner in Call- Dependable house
fornla. Almost
no work for the of 68 rooms • 7-
landlady. Owner
1b out of the city. year lease. In-
Come and make
offer to come $430 over
MARION rtaL Modern
GRIFFIN. building. Price,
ZZZI__^ $5700. Terms %
Clean profit $336 ca*b, • . 1
monthly in a par-
Ually furnished Be *
154-room house. _'_,.„
Price $7500; 1st MARION
payment $2000. ■
1_ GRIFFIN.
Eea ____HZZ___
"*~E W BPEdXET
GRIFFIN. ■ „
Clears monthly
$175; 37-room
Transient house,
near Market st. ; house. Beauti-
clea.ru $125 to $200 ]} ,.
monthly. The net furnished.
profit for 1904 up
to Christmas was Located on Ellis
exactly $1600. — '
Owner desire* to 8t - Extra fine
leave E. F. at
once. For $500 entrance. House
first payment will '
put you In pos- new and modern,
session.
Highly respect-
Ee * able. —
MARION
GRDTFIN. MARION
._ GRIFFIN.
—NOTICE— ■
On JarTlOOo. ' Draw B^oln gold
MARION out"- of the bank
GRIFFIN an(1 let tne bal-
__^__ ance of i your
will remove from money stay 'there
. until -you lhava
the Examiner bid. Klven thIs 10 "
to tne room house a
thorough trial.
JAMES FLOOD * Price * 1600 ' r*-
duced
buildin*. „ —to $1200—
' You pay $200
cor. Market and £ ow , n and we
back you for a
Powell '' ' thousand; house
0WeU ' located in fusl-
Buite 801. • ness center, north
of Market st. For
Neartheelevators. th!s holiday snap
■ Sea
Beautifully fur- '
nished house of MARION
50 rooms; on a '__
sunny corner- GRIFFIN,
stick a pin here; ■-''. '"''
the rent is onl>
A — CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1080
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Heidquartera for Rooming-houses. Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
Beautiful new building; grand entrance;
electric elevator, lights; eteam heat: 60 light
and sunny rooms, elegantly furnished; spacious
halls; draperies and fittings of the be%t; \»here
you can have an exquisite home besides clear-
ing $300 per month above all expenses: clone
in; cheap rent and long lease; this house is
always full of best people; sickness causes
sale; exclusively with us. 1
Rare chance to get choice 7 room flat; rent,
including garbage and Janitor service, $40 per
month: furnished in mahogany and oak; best
body Brussels carpets; new 1 year and cost
$S00 to furnish; will sell for $450 on account
of leaving city.
Choice 80- room downtown European hotel;
strictly first class and thoroughly respectable;
every equipment; modern and up to date; al-
ways full and clears $350 to $100 per month;
best reasons for selling; with us exclusively.
You can't beat this beautifully furnished,
100- room downtown house: carpets, furniture
and draperies of the very best; electric lights,
eteam heat; In fact, everything modern and
up to date; long lease; cheap rent; owner leav-
ing city. : jvi'v
20 rooms; good location on Howard st.; rent
only $60; good furniture; new carpets; nice
and clean and paying well: $500 down, bal-
ance out of house: price $1000.
i Here is 16 good rooms, close in. with 8
i rooms not furnished, but are all full and pays
$50 per month above all expenses; owner tak-
ing larger house; price $1050.
Hers Is a nice little home of 12 well-fur
nished rooms; rent only $60; where you can
clear $60 per month and have 2 best rooms;
Van Ness ave.; only $850. ,-
This is a fine opportunity for some on* with
$1000 cash to get 26 rooms well furnished in
oak and cherry; everything in flrst-claas shape
and clears $85 above all expenses; leaves 3
rooms for landlady; balance can be paid out
1 of bouse.
Grand/ new, modern apartment-house; beau-
tiful building; elegantly furnished; Rood long
lease with cheap rent; only 15 minuses' walk
from Kearny St.; has 180 rooms and pays $50»
to $600 per month; always full; best class of
people; a bargain can be had if taken at once.
Nlca little house of 16 rooms, with good fur-
niture and carpets; rent, only $65; must dis-
pose next ten days; make offer.
First-class investment where you can earn
$2400 per year on expenditure of $4500 in 40
rooai house; rent only $126 per month; choice
location on Sutter st.; always full; best of oak
furniture: good carpets; sickness only reason
for selling.
.• — — —
Swell family hotel on Sutter st. ; beautifully
1 furnished; always full; there are 80 rooms,
■ rent only $425; obliged to leave city; will be
sold at half cost to furnish.
Big snap: 81-room apartment-house; rent
only $4 per room; well furnished and clearing
1 $90 per month: will only take $550 cash.-bal-
; ance time; price. $950. -' ■. ■
14-room house, furnished in oak and mahoe
any; good carpets; first-class location; all full
and clearing nice little salary every, month-
you can get it for $600 cash. . '
Beautifully furnished 0-room modern flat-
new 6 months ago; rent only $25; fine location*
cost over $900; to be aold for $400; departure. '
High-grade family hotel, on the hill-- ele-
gantly furnished : has 80 light and sunny
rooms; always full and clears a- fine Income
but sickness is only cause for being on the
market; good chance for some one. to get pay.
ing Investment at sacrifice. <
16 rooms, well located on Eddy st. ; rent only
$65; oak and cherry furniture; ' ; clears = $75-
leaves 3 best ' rooms • for. landlady; everything
first -class condition: here is f /i fine home com
blned with nice little business; part down' bal-
ance as you make It.
70-room country hotel: best Interior town: la* j
State: barroom. 2 dining-rooms and ' 5-room 1
LODGING-HOUSES TOK SALE — Con.
cottage besides; rent $100 per month: can. get
10 years' lease; brick building; everything fine
condition; fine business proposition.
Wo have a number of special bargains in
flats of 6 to lO rooms,' new and modern; can
be had for less than half cost. to furnish; must
be eold. either account of sickness or de-
parture, j
Have large list of real estate, hotels, room-
ing houses and business . chances for exchange
or trade always on hand.
A. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
f FOR. sale — Lodging and boarding house and 19
Bunny rooms; electric lights; reasonable. 121
Drumm st.
23 ROOMS; sunny corner; light; rent $50;
water- free; lease. Afternoons, 231 Second.
■ Boomlng-Honses and. Hotela Por Sale.
H. C. DECKER 906 MARKET ST.
H. C. DECKER... PHONE JOHN 531. :
SQUARE DEALING— CLEAR TITLES.
Ov«r 28 years celling houses In this city.
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
See the Following Bargains:
20 rooms; transient .......$ 850
66 rooms; new; fine 7600»
14 rooms; only $S50 cash 750
100 rooms ; apartments ; clears $600. ..... 0500
15 Rooms — Corner.
Clears $100. Owner Sick.
In Hosoltal. Must Bell. '.
Make Offer. See This Bargain
- ■'- '■' .: At 1 * Once. - ,
60- Room Country Hotel, $3000.
19 rooms; rent $75; only $250 cash .$ 750
24 rooms; all light and sunny; rent $60.. 1400
26 rooms; Market St.: snap. 2500
25 rooms;. up-to-date hotel; swell location 3200
10-room house; new furniture. 600
27^room house on Post st. '. 2000 ,
8 rooms; gunny oorner. N. of Market st. -400
100 rooms; always. rented; clears $400.... 8500
108 rooms;, apartment; clears $400 a nto. . 8000
H. C. DECKER, 006 Market St.. cor. Stockton.
I.ODOIITQ-HOUSES WAJTTED.
WANTED— -A' lodging house of about 20 rooms:
furniture must be in good condition and rent
reasonable; stato full particulars. Box 3306,
Call office; no agents. •
CLAIRVOYANTS.
LIVINGSTONE.
THE OCCULT WONDER.
FOR A RELIABLE, INTELLIGENT CLAIR-
VOYANT READING. CONSULT
LIVINGSTONE.
FIVE RECEPTION PARLORS. LADY AT-
TENDANT. 26% KEARNY ST.
RICHARD MAYO.
CLAIRVOYANT.
421A— Ellis st. — 421A,
Hours 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
Private flat. Business confidential.
MME. M. BERNARD, the famous clairvoyant
and business 1 medium reads your life cor-
rectly, gives accurate description of the past,
present and future; greatest living adviser on
all affairs In life; never failed to give satis-
faction; 23c up. 17 Third St., next Examiner.
ISMAR, Egyptian seeress. The Vendome, 1104
Market st., San Francisco. Office hours — 10
a. m. to 5 p. m.; Sundays, 10 to 12; Wednes-
day eveefng, 6 to 8. Phone South 1141.
MISS M. WK.LE, 810 Ellis st.. clairvoyant,
crystal seer i.nd life reader, tells you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion; names given; $1; hours, 10 to 8.
MME PORTiSR, clairvoyant, medium; born
with double veil and second sight; tells past,
present, future: 1. 50c: g. by cards $1; palm-
istry full life read., SI. S03 Jones, nr. Eddy.
A— MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known
trance medium; readings dally, 10 to 5. 343
Geary! st.
MME. KRONENBERG palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader: when others fall try me; read-
lngs. 25c. 824 O'Farrell st. Tel. Red 6537.
MISS WARD, 1206 Market St., cor. O. G. avs ,
parlor 68, clairvoyant, gives names, daAs and
facts; hours 11 to 8; take elevator.
MISS ZEMDAR, young gifted, clalr. and palm. ;
reveals love, marriage, business, tto. ; L. 60c,
G. $1; houra 10 to 0: names. 714 Franklin st.
MRS.. SHAFFER, clairvoyant! card reader, haa
returned;' sittings dally. 108 6th St., rooms 1-2
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune!
teller. Is now at 317 EJlls et.
SPIBITTJ AXISM.
A — MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. 1206 Market, r. 14. Gait House.
MRS. CRINDLE'S special materialising seance,
50o, Friday evening. 8 o'clock, 782 Ellis st.
C. MAYO STEERS, trance medium. 306 Lar-
ktn. room 40; readings 1 to 6; tel. South 310.
PROF. FRED EVANS noted elate-writer and
clairvoyant. 1112 Eddy st. Phone Scott 887.
CABPjBT BEATING AWD COCEAiniTQ.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal:
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at shoo; prices moderate. S. F. Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Co., 308 ' Market at.:
phones Main 152 and Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
eend for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing works.SSS-SS? Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rlson St.; Al cleaning. 3c FRED HAGE-
DORN & CO.; phone Mission 226.
MICHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth st. — First-clans
carpet cleaning, 8c yard. Tel. Mission 74. '
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. ;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet- beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.'; tel. Mission 263.
CKEDIT CliOTSXEKS.
C. F. ADAMS CO.. 318 Mason at.— Clothing
for everybody from hat to shoes; you. can get
what you want from us ar.d have ireharged.
CLOTHING RENOVATING.
SUITS cleaned and pressed. $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche, Examiner bldg.. r. 410-
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 60c;
plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old -plates made over like new; teeth
from $3 per set; extracting, 60c; gas given.
PARIS Dental parlors. 235 K«arny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth, $1 60 up; crowns. $2 up; fillings, 25c.
GOLD fillings, 75c; silver, 35c; crowns, $2; no
pain; open Sundays. Dr.A.C.Hewltt.204 Sutter.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM, surgeon-dentlst.r.l4,l»t
floor. Phelan bid., 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from Geary st
to corner Sutter st.'and Grant ave. : •
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES.
MCDOWELL Dressmaking &'»iminery~^hooT^
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Etew-
art's button and buttonhole factory.llO Taylor.
1^_____- EDUCATIONAL
A — THE . . Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and. medical cc i»
leges, begins its twelfth year. We shall do
better work than before, and give general &s
well aa *pecial courses. Our departments in
English literature, languages, mathemetics,
Eclences, history, • etc., are ex:el'.-?nt. Two
of the best : teachers In California ■ are • in
charge .of English and of mathematics. Coma
arid be with us, we prepare you well. Refs.
' . Pres. Jordan or any -Stanford professor. Day
and evening » sessions. - Phelan bldg. ■ '
CLASSES in \ short " story writing and Journal-
ism, will be formed on January 3, 4 nnd 5 at
2 p. m., at 333 Phelan bldg.; teims very rea-
sonable;, join these classes; tho Instruction Is
excellent; rapid progress . assured.
! E. R. A YRES,\ founder of Ay res Business Col -
: lege, has returned ;• bookkeening. penmanship,
shorthand, typing; $5 month; life scholarship <
$50; positions secured; day, eve. 723 Market.
j THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
1 Institution devoted : exclusively to , dramatic
learning In America; positions guaranteed.
j. Send for, catalogue. Native Sons' building.-
HEALD'S School of Mines and Engineering, 24
. Poet st., S. F. ; civil, mining, electrical, steam
- and gas engineering... Send. for prospectus..
A SUCCESSFUL college; new, - large rooms;
perfect light; all graduates 'are 'getting posl-
-:.- Uons..S: F., Business College, 738 Mission St.'
ENGINEERING^-Civil. elec.. min.Vmech.; sur-
..vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. • .Van
der NalHen School. 113 Fulton;, nr. City Hall.
HEALD'S : BUSINESS COLLEGE." 24 : Post . st. .
Established 1883: ; largest;: in ; the West; an-
nual enrollment r 1000; , send i for; circulars. '■_:■
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col.; 002 .Van Ness
:, ave. ; positions secured. R.H. Webster, "Pres. '
/ EPTJCATIONAI, — Contained.
ALL Eng. and com. branches, $5 mo. ; 47 les-
sons Benn Pitman shorthand hold any posl-
tlon; Indlv. lnstruc. West. Bus.Col.,1231 Mkt.
A— GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1382 Market st Send for catalogue.
MME. PRILL'S Piano School. London Con.
2105 Golden Gate av.; resident pupils taken.
BOOKKEEPING— Save time, gain knowledge,
with TARR, expert, 217 Parrott building.
GUITAR, ; mandolin and piano. $3 per month;
vocal lessons $1. 828 Haight st.
CHICAGO Business College, 1584 Market— Posi-
tions, shorthand, typing, .bookkeeping; $8 mo.
ADULT and Juvenile classes now open. Hln-
raan's School of Dancing. 1412 Polk. nr. Cal.
SHORTHAND taught thor*ly by mail and per-
sonally. Miss M. G. Barrett, 302 Montgom'y.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine St.— Night class.
- JSMPLOYMENT
■ A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment office
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
S. IMURA. 839 Sacramento. Tel. James 5231.
I A — ORPHEUM Employment Offlc* — Japansse-
Chlnese help. 426 Powell st. ; tel. Main 5752.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chines* Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 815 Stockton; Main 6183.
CHINESE and Japanese help: estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1907. BRADLEY A CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WAgTEP- riMALE.
AN educated lady of refinement, speaking sev-
. eral languages, wishes a position as traveling
.companion or take cars of an Invalid lady;
understands also all branches of systematic,
economic housekeeping; city or country;
first-class references. Address F. A. K.. box
8713, Call office.
A — ACCOUNTANT, young lady, expert book-
keeper, desires position as private secretary;
.'can take full charge of correspondence and
accounts. Box 3879. Call office.
A — BOOKKEEPER, cashier, young lady: ex-
pert accountant; quick, accurate; all modern
systems; highest references; last position 6
years. Box 2062, Call. .
MIDDLE-AGED, refined French • lady desires
. - position as. housekeeper for couple or wid-
ower; excellent cook; • references. Address
•bqx 3711). Call office.
A STEADY, competent person wishes a posi-
tion to do general housework in small fam-
' lly: wages $20. 6 Rosa ave., off Market st.
A YOUNG Swedish girl wishes a place as seo-
ond girl or light general housework; sleep
at home. Address 2631 Nineteenth st.
GERMAN woman wishes situation as cook. 723
California »t.
COMPETENT, educated woman desires poel-
■ tlon as governess; good seamstress, nurse,
etc.; will assist with light housework; sal-
ary moderate. 3460 Eighteenth st. . ».*
WANTED— By an elderly woman to assist
with housework where there are no children;
rood cook. Address 12S2 Pago St., MRS.
WILLIAMS.
YOUNG lady wishes to be companion and
helper to elderly lady for a good home and
very small salary. Address immediately,
box 3676. Call office. .
YOUNG German woman wants housecleaning;
$1 day. Address MRS. V.. 9 RItch at., oft
Folsom, bet. Third and Fourth, in rear, top
floor.
EDUCATED person, not young, would go as
companion, nurse, needle woman to elderly
person; fluent reader; generally useful; mod-
erate salary; wants home. Ad. 3460 18th at.
BY young lady of refinement snd ability, posi-
tion aa traveling companion and secretary to
invalid, or . as traveling saleswoman. Box
8907, Call office. .
FIRST-CLASS dressmaking done at Mme. de
la Roche Lambert's, 1113 Sutter at., near I
Larkin; lady's own material made up from
18 up.
A YOUNG woman wants a place to do house-
work; city or short distance In country.
Call or address MISS WALLACE, room 20,
1116 Mission st.
YOUNG lady from th» East, experienced aa
nurse, wants place to. attend an Invalid or
hospital; beat references. Box 8672. Call.
WANTED — By young lady, place in first-class
photograph gallery to learn retouching. Box
3067, Call office. ' "
ACTIVE Eastern woman wishes work to wait
on lady or care of invalid or assist with
housework. Box P., Call Branch. 800 Hayes.
DRESSMAKER, experienced, would Ilka a few
more engagements by the. day; good cutter
and fitter; terms reasonable. Box 8971, Call.
A COOK with first-class reference wants sit-
uation; is good laundress; would go by the
day 1024 Howard St.. M. H.
A YOUNG woman wishes a position as work-
ing housekeeper; kind to children. Addresa
box 3854. Call office.
HOUSEKEEPER'S place wanted by reliable,
experienced girl; good cook; good worker;
no answer unless fare. Box 3637, Call.
WANTED — Sewing at horn* by competent
dressmaker. - 1318 Octavla st.
A GOOD young woman wants to assist general
Sunday or eve at dinner parties. 711 Webster.
■WANTED — A position as stenographer: refer-
encp given. Address box 3793, Call office.
WANTED — Work by the day; good washer and
cleaner. 241 Minna st., first floor.
BY American woman, situation as housekeep-
er; country preferred. Mrs. L., 1028 Market.
YOUNG woman with a child wants position in
Email family. , Box 1709, CaJl office.
A FAITHFUL Japanese girl desires & position
at housework In a small private family;
wages $3 a week. H. KOZAKO. 1215% Post
St.; phone Larkin 703.
EMPLOYMENT -WANTED — MAKE.
YOUNG ATTORNBT
Desires position in law offlc*
At small salary, with privilege of prac-
tlclng. Box 8674. Call office. •
A COMPETENT man and wife want work in
the country In a private house; man gardener
and all-round worker; wife maid or seam-
stress; best of city references; young Danish
couple. Box 3764, Call office.
WANTED — A. position by an experienced por-
ter or shipping clerk: 8 years with last firm,
who have retired from business; references!
Address box 3714, Call office.
RELIABLE young man wants position as col- ,
lector in wholesale house; understands book-
keeplnz and shipping, accounts; desires to
continue studies. Box 3751. Call office.
BUSINESS man, 88 years old, accustomed to
handling large affairs, desires position of re-
sponsibility; highest references. Box 3718,
Call office.
AA — A COACHMAN and gardener wishes posi-
tion; experienced; useful: milk; handy with
tools; Rood refs. Box 3667, Call. .
STEADY young man wants work of any kind
where he can continue -studies; willing and
strong. Bos 3781, Call office.
WAITER — Steady, sober: short-order house
preferred. Box 3721. Call office.
YOUNG man wishes a position in a plant:
handy 1 man; experienced steam fitter and
boiler operations. Address 2756 Twenty-third
St., city
STRONG elderly man wants work, private
family; gardener, 1 horses, ■ cooking; useful in
general; ■ all round man; > references: wages
no object.' Box 3070, Call office.
AS attendant, in the near future, to invalid or
mental patient by competent, reliable male
■ nurse . and masseur; references. Box 3639,
Call offlc. -
WANTED — Position by young man from New
York City that is capable of doing work of
most any kind: good home preferred to high
■ '■ wages. Box 3661. Call.
ACCOUNTANT. ! first class, open for engage-
ment - January 1 ; age 35; salary $100; best 1
city , references and cash bond. Address box
8041. Call office. -, : ,*-.;-.. t-;
ACTIVE man, about middle «ge, good habits
responsible, accountant with general busi-
ness experience, wants employment. Box
3658. Call office. ■
GERMAN, well experienced in wine and
liquors, wants work fn wine cellar or liquor
-store; strictly sober and industrious; city or
country. H. S., 1074 Howard st., room 3.
RELIABLE, trustworthy man ■ wishes a posi-
tion • as * collector: references,' security and
salary to employer's satisfaction. Box 3827.
• Call office.
COMPETENT young porter, and packer,
, stranger r in city, wishes any kind of em-
ployment, general; or private; must have
work; give. me trials Bex 3654, Call. •
POSITION of ' any kind, - milking excepted, car-
' ; penterlng preferred, tools on hand, city or
- outside."- by » elderly German-American. Box
,.W., 3653. Call. . : rsUf >
,WANTED--Posttion \ by young man'; " in a- sta-
'.; : ble ; preferred. Box 1692. \ 1008 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS barber would like steady Satur-
day and Sunday Job. Box 3754. Call office. ' ■
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — Male—Con.
TWO young German men, with good educations
and practical knowledge of English, would
like positions of any description In offices ;
good references and experience in that line
of business. Address 1116 Broadway, Oak-
land. f __ .
WANTED— By sober, reliable, trustworthy,
honest man. with good moral habits and
references; position as bartender; long ex-
perience: no object as to salary, want steady
work. Eox 2210. Call office.
BAKER, with experience, wants position on
bread or cakes; city or country: can give
references. Address WILLIAM R- JA.NT-
ZEN. -844 Mission st.
FRENCH couple, both first-class cooks, desire
position in family, club or hotel; city or
country; references. CMAS. S. 11 Hopeton
terrace. .-',,:"
EXPERIENCED traveling salesman wants po-
sition with local or E&stern mercantile house
or manufacturer. Box 3677. Call office.
AMERICAN farmer wants situation on ranch
or private place; best reference from last
place. Call or address H., 474 Jessie st.
WANTED — By young man of good habits a po-
sition in a general electrical plant. Box j
8664. Call offlca.
GERMAN, middle-aged, single, speaks Eng-
lish, wants any kind of work. Box 3651.
Call offlc*.
AN Al bass singer, young man, can reaoh low
C and D, wishes to Join a good quartet. Ad-
dress A. ENGEL, 254 Turk st. .. A
A SCANDINAVIAN man and wife want any
kind of work, single or together, but no
cooking; small wages. Box 8831, Call office.
GERMAN (22) wants position of any kind;
typewriter; speaks Spanish. French and
English. Box 8851. Call office.
A COMPETENT butler, with flrst-claas city
references, wishes situation. Box 3662. Call.
MIDDLE-AGED German wants position as
porter or Janitor. Address box 8652. Call.
WANTED — Position by man from the East;
country preferred. Box 3980. Call^ office.
I WISH work in city or country good home;
good cook; nice recommendations; very hon-
est Japanese boy; wages $25 a month. HITA.
417 Bush st.
A YOUNG Japanese boy. gentle and honest,
wishes position as a half-day 'work or school-
boy: speaks English. T. WATANABE, 80T
Polk st.. city.
SITUATION wanted by thoroughly experienced
Japanese butler, who arrived from Eastern
country; has good reference. REM, up-
stairs. 407 Post st.
A JAPANESE honest boy wants a position as
a schoolboy; wages $1 60, or general house-
work g3 week. F. YAMATO. 1303% Castro.
A JAPANESE wishes situation to do house-
work or any other -kind of work. S. TO-
MOOKA, 511 Bush st; phone Black 5034.
A YOUNG Japanese wants a position as a
schoolboy. T. MURATA. Address 725 Geary
at., Japanese Gospel Society.
A JAPANESE good cook wants position In. re-
spectable family; city or country. Call or
address 708 Taylor st.
WANTED — A position by Japanese schoolboy
in city or vicinity. FRANK OGAWA. 744
Post st.
A JAPANESE boy wants work as porter; sa-
loon or store. Address H. ONO. 4 Central
place. . -, ■■"■; ;";>;
A GOOD Japanese cook; wife 1 wait at table;
city or country. MAKATON. 668 Jessie st.
JAPANESE good boy wants position as school-
boy. K. TAN, 322% O'FarreU at.
A JAPANESE wants a position to do plain
cooking and housework. F. HARA* 118 Eddy.
EOaiiMA CUBE.
$100 FREE for any case of eczema, salt rheum
or barber Itch that I can't cure; a trial
treatment free. DR. BROWN. 64 Sixth at.
FINANCIA^.
THE RBALTT SYNDICATE. ~-~~~™~~™~
Capital paid In *4, 600. 000 00
Surplus ; 940,9018a
Issues
Six per cent
Investment Certificates
At par.
Office — No. 14 Sansome st.,
San Francisco, Cal. '
COMP ANTES formed; mining or patents; stock
sold; strong Eastern connections; advice free.
Write A. F. HARASZTHY. 622 Crossley bldg.
PLATS TO LET.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immtnit list;
service absolutely free: tak* advantage of
this deoartment; It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-59 Geary
St.. on the square.
COTTAGES, houses and flats to let; every de-
sirable vacant place tn San Francisco on
our lists; service absolutely free; let us find
you a place; come In and let us know what
rent you want to pay and the locality; "w*
do the rest." Sterling Furniture Company,
* 1039 Market at., opp. McAllister.
SANCHEZ. NW. cor. Elisabeth, nr. -24th—
New upper flat, 6 rooms, bath; sun all day;
all modern Improvements; reasonable.
TWENTY-FOURTH, 2127— New upper flat; 6
rooms and bath; rent $18; adults
AN elegant new sunny flat. 7 rooms; choice
neighborhood. 1740 Steiner st.. near Butter.
FLAT, 8 rooms; bath; gas; rent $12. 4 A very
St., off Geary, nr. Flllmore.
SUNNY modern middle flat, 7 rooms and bath.
C49 Fell st.. near Webstefr
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
on LYON & HOAO. 116 Montgomery st.
JPOB
COMPLETELY furnished 7-room sunny modern
• Hat. including new sewing machine. Sobmer
piano, fcr sale on account of death in fam-
11>. 632 Cole St.. near Golden Gat- Park;
open 2 to 4; rent reasonable. _JL^"
PTJBNTTURE WANTED.
"WE'LL GET YOUR BUSINESS" — We pay
the most money for furniture, carpets, office
fittings, merchandise and houses. MARK J.
LEVY AUCTION CO., 1321 Market st., be-
tween 9th and 10th. Phone South 179.
ABE LEVY,
Salesroom. 1135 Market st. Tel. Jessie 781.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
niture, etc.. until you get his estimate.
WILL pay. 20 per cent more for furniture than
dealers or will sell on commission. L. H.
BURD. auc. 1636 Market; phone Jessie 2336.
CALL on Alfred Wollpert. 773 Mission St.. be-
fore selling your furniture. Phone Red 4462.
±-UnM'iUitI! POB ff ATiT7.
HENRY MAYER pays highest prices for fur-
niture, carpets, etc. 782 Mission; tel. Bush 813.
THE handsome pieces of a new flat; must sell
Call 1006 Haight St.; phone Park 389.
■ WANTED — PEMAXE.
THE ROMATN-SHIRK REGISTER. REVT*
ING AND ADV. CO.. 612-613 Grant bid*
. Seventh and Market sts.; phone South 101. '.'
' C first-class city, $25.
1 chambermaid, room out. $25.
2 waitresses, city.- good . place, $30.
Girl general housework, no wash. $25.
Girl general small wash. 3 in family. $20.
Girl cooklnc and downstairs ' work call
early, $35.
30 waitresses, Southern California, ataxt Jan-
uary 5, fare advanced. $25 and $30.
, SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS ON OVER-
ALLS, JUMPERS AND COATS; NO EX-
PERIENCE NECESSARY; STEADY WORK;
GQOD PAY. LEVI STRAUSS ft CO.. 33^
FREMONT ST. MR. DAVI3.
i .
IN OAKLAND. COR. 10TH AND CLAY STS..
EEWING MACHINE OPERATORS ON
OVERALLS; NO EXPERIENCE NECES-
SARY; STEADY WORK; GOOD PAT.
, LEVI STRAUSS &~CoT
1 WOMEN in San Francisco ■ Co-operative Cl<ar
- Mfg. . Co. 618 Merchant, bet. Mont.-Kearny.
WANTED— A printer: woman preferred; Wed
anj Thurs. of every, ueek. Box 3704. Call!
GIRL for general housework; good home-
wages $25. 1192 Page st.
' CASHIER for restaurant; state experience
Box 3722. Call, of flee.
LADIES for steady home. employment: $3 and
$12 weekly/ Emma Spreckels bldg. 027 Mar-
ket ' st..- room 618. .
WANTED— Ycung girl for light homework.
-; 711? Castro 'st. . ....
HSLP WANTED — FE3QAXE — Continued.
THREE cooks, city ami Oakland. $30.~~$33-
fcutier. $33; 2 maids and seamstresses. $;;>■
4 wa-.tresscs. $'i0; 2 second girls. $20, $J.'>" ■
waittesses. country hotel. $25; kitchen helper'
country. $25; man anil wife for dlnirwr rcoin'
$60; cook for men. $20; 2 nursegirls. $25 and
$C0: bead waitress. J'JU; nurse Tur inautut'oi
J2O; sirl ttT Sacramento. $27 ."0; ;• i-,,.jki
for ranches. $23: French maid and seamstress
$2!>; and a larse number of housework x:t\3
city and country, $13, $3i>. Apply to J. F
CROSETT & CO.. £J4 Slitter st.
A— WANTED — Girls to learn hairdressi.iif
manicuring, etc. ; trade taught from A to 2
in 2 weeks; tuition $3 to those entering now
3 positions to fl.Il Immediately; position**
guaranteed at $10 week up: only r»r,«;-- ,.'1
school of its kind on coast; day and ev-n.
ing classes. 233 Geary St., room 13.
WANTED — Girls to learn millinery now f 3P
spring season; both seasons taught from s»%-»
to finish In one month for $5; posttlons aa
trimmers, salesladies, makers, guaranteed a .
$10 per week up; 7 positions to be filled by
first of year. Parlors 143 Stockton st.. r. 13.
A — PACIFIC College teaches halrdre3sir.g.
manicuring, electric massage, etc.; six hours'
practice a day; guarantees positions: caly
recognized college of its kind on coast; day
and evening classes; all parlor work at ra-
duced prices. 133 Powell st.
ATTENTION, ladles— Earn $20 per 100 writing
short letters from copy. Address stamped -n-
▼elope for particulars. MODERN SPECLVL-
TT COMPANY. Allegan. Mich.
WANTED — Chocolate dipper; $10 to $12 p*»
week. Apply KELLER CANDY CO.. Oak-
land, office 477 Seventh st.
WANTED — Young girl to assist light hrmae-
work.' 755 McAllister st.
HELP -WANTED — MAI.E.
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay ac
Phone Main 534S.
THE RIGHT OF MAN TO LXVB; THS
RIGHT OF MAN TO "WORK.
Leadlnx Employment and Labor Agants.
"VTs =avs • In 1903 1904 w» hope to
60,000 men work. Increass 60,000,
MINERS.
8 machine miners, good mtna. $30t
6 sallmakers, city Job. $2 50 to $4 day.
COOK AND WIFE.
Cook and wife as first and second,, country
restaurant, $30 and found.
Milker and wife, Portuguese, Alameda
County, $40 and found.
FARMS AND DAIRIES. ; *
10 farm hantJs, ranch teamsters. 8 mllkera.
choremen and chore boys, city and country
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Cooks, waiters and kitchen hands, bellboys
and elevator boys.
Dyer and cleaner, country Job.
BOOKKEEPER. COUNTRY STORE.
Bookkeeper, country grocery atore. SO to 40
years, good references required. $75.
MINERa
GOLD QUARTZ MINE.
8 hand miners, good gold mine. $73. total
accommodations, no blankets needed.
OREGON. COAL MINERS. OREOOX
OREGON.
10 coal miners for a good mine by contracts}
bti: money can be mado on thia Job.
Fare refunded. Fare rafundad.
Cook and wife, boss hers, $35 found.
Cook and wife, mine boarding- house. $50 M.
8 boys, answer phone. $4 to $5 week.
Boy drive delivery wagon. $5 week.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
CONCRETE FOREMAN. ~
Concrete formean. country, see boss here, $73
to $10O and found.
8 machine miners good mine. $30.
ASSISTANT SHIPPING CLERIC
Assistant shipping clerk, good firm, city,
young man about IS to 20. $9 a week ta
start with.
Bench hand, planing mill country. $3 50 day
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay at.
WANTED.
A copy of each labor -union's
by-laws. Any disgusted union
. • man obliging us with same will
DISGUSTED confer a great benefit to him-
UNION MEN self and thousands of others in
similar condition. Ws do not
ask you to sign your name. Just
c sand by-law* to
MURRAY & READY. 634-633 CJ&y at
_— . _ .
WANTED— VTA NTED.
Butchers Range workers -
Bakers Pipe and tank rr.ik-
Conf« .ttonera ers
' Clgarmakers Laundry workars
Gas workars Furniture) makers
Coppersmiths Bookbinders' men
Coopers . Glassmakers
Casting clippers Iron molders.
Brewery workmen Icemakers.
Brass finishers Firemen
Boatbuilders Pajnt burners
Window shake mak- Plasterers
ers . Leather workers.
Sheet metal workers Casters and molders
Brtcklayara Upholsterers
Soap and soda mak- Trunk and bag work-
ers ers
Iron drillers Tanners
Joiners, ship. eta. Sugar workers
Pavers Stovtmakers
Rammermen Elevator constructors
Picture frame work- Cement worker"
ers
Boot and shoe makers and repairers
Brass finishers and chandelier makers
Glaziers and ornamental glassworkers
Lead, paint and oil works
Plledrtvers. bridge builders
Tailors and cloak makers
Bridge and structural iron workers
Mantel, grate and tile setters
Shipwrights and calkers
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 day St. _
CONCRETE foremen, country. $7B to $100i
Bench and planing mill 50o fare, $3 50 day.
OYSTER MAN.
Oyster man, open, cook aad wait at tab!*,
$45 and found.
LOOK.
Asaayer and matter, gold minti. boss her*. $3
day.
Electrician far gold mine, bess hersv $3 to
$3 CO day.
Choreman. understands garden, feed hogs,
etc. for gold m!n« Frenchman. $60t
FOREMAN.
Man who understands ditch work, drirs turn
and. hay cutter for a largo ranch. $30 m^T 1 *
and found.
American milker, fare 90c $35 and found.
Choreman, city, good dairy. $25 mo. tk td. .
SPECIAL.
Man repair stoves, lay and repair carpet*,
country store. $2 to $3 day. •
16 FRENCH PRUNERS.
B double hand drillers, $73.
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 day st.
POSITIONS GUARANTEED
To hlch-crade men who can furnish indisput-
able testimony of ability and integrity. Wi
will Investigate your references fre« of charg*.
Our commission is payable only when we hsw»
succeeded In securing you a suitable position.
We conduct a fair and strictly legltlmat«
business, thereby meriting the entire confi-
dence of the bustneas world. COMMERCIAL
CLEARANCE CO.. 415 Starr King building.
121 Geary at.
AT HORD A SMITH* 3.
Contractors' Agents, 98 Third st.
Walter. Santa Barbara hotel, $23 and found,
fare' refunded.
Co >k. small hotel. $33 and found, near city.
Dishwasher, same place. $15 and found.
Solicitors, tea and coffee, big Inducements.
MERCHANTS and manufacturers desiring ta
employ commercial travelers are requested
to communicate with the secretary of the
Pacific Coast Commercial Travelers' Associa-
tion. 416 Market at.. San Francisco, Cat.
THE ROMAYN-SHD3K REGISTER, RENT-
ING AND ADV. CO.. 612-613 Grant bldg..
Seventh and Market sts.; South 104.
Silk salesman. Al man, $73 month.
Domestic salesman. Al man, $55 month.
Neat errand boy. good schooling. $20 month.
Sho* salesman, first-class refs.. $16 week. •>
•WAITER and wife for country hotel, $30:
butler. $33 and found; barber, for country
hotel, and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 28 Montgomery St.. r
12—2 bellboys. $13.
WANTED — Man of good address for permanent
position with reliable company. Address
MANAGER. P. O. box 271. Sacramento. Cal.
WANTED— Experienced clothing salesman.
Apply superintendent'" office, The Em-
porium.
WANTED — Experienced domestic and drygooda
talesmen. Apply superintendent's office, Th*
Emporium.
PORTER f.-»r flrat-class barber ahop In coast
town: soo't wages. Apply DECKELMAN
BROS.. ICC Ellis st.
WANTED— Pressfeeder. R. MUNK. SC9 Mis-
slon »t.
WANTSD — Oyster man. 4C0 Seventh St., Oak-
land.
Al SHOEMAKER'S helper wanted: good
wages. 6C0 Bush st. ' •
WANTED— Barber. 1023 Howard st.
WANTED — Practical dishwasher; call early".
02 Second st.
FOR sale — 3-chalr barber shop; $73 If sold be-
• fore Sunday. 804 Folsom at.
i SWELL 2-chalr »hop for sale: doing nlcs bust-
ness; owner retiring. C3.S4 Market «t.
1 A— JAPANESE and Chinese help. WM»
1 XOSHY. 415 Stockton St.; tel. Cash 833.WITH EVERY SMALL AD/ IN THE SUNDAY CALL - _ET I __1,_E_I___
HELP W A3TTED— - MAM— Con tinned.^
AMERICAN COMMERCiAL BUREAU.
- Obr.fiucted on Btrictly Business Principles.
•.'.•." "• Positions secured for
orflc* znen. Bookkeepers,
• . Ftenographers, CoUectors,
. " Traveling ealeesaen. Accountants,
•OfflcV managers. Railroad clerks.
*' Law effle* clerks. Hotel clerks,
■ • G-neral office men In all line* of business.
*• ' o'j2 Starr King bldg.. 121 Geary e_
. MCN— Th« ossly original Moter Barber College
. . teaches barber trade In 8 weeks; wage*
' * earned ■ wfalle learning.
• New quarters and new appliance*.
* Call or write for illustrated catalogue.
' Moler Barber ColVege. 649 Sacramento rt.
_ateljr moved from Clay st.
J'LEASANT faced, fine appearing registered
• ; physician and rurjreon; must be quite gray,
but aftlve; positively no other; no traveling;
• salary $200 or more when well started. Call
;. at 25 Third st.
. WANTED — Educated gentleman to Tielt email
to— tjH to write short artldna for Eastern
'magazine: $1000 per year; local refSL re-
:■ quired. Box 4000. Call office,
"ANTJTD — Experienced traveler* to *ell
efoc-try and glassware and Import from
—astern factories. Apply, with references,
box S97S. C_U office.
"WANTED — Mea to prepare for railway maJT,
tTSteraa! rereow asd co-tom -boose positions;
frae catalogue. Pacific Correspondence Instl-
- ■'.•■•;*. <>rant bldg.. 1095 Market; open evga ]
T7ANTED — La>»f~~» and mechanics to know j
• that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, has
. ' stifled 100 cew rooms to the Denver House,
.. '2f7 Tl— rd rt.; 250 rooms: 25c to SOc per night. |
rwO-CffilR barber shop to b« sold by the j
let; corner Fourta _ad Mlnca; $75- Ee« .
' DBCKELMAN BROS.
" 4-CHAIR barber shop for sale; cigar stand
aad laundry; owner going East. 21S Most- I
gocirfT-a— a. A |
'KNAP; barber shop for sale: choice; Market )
•rt- ««• COLE—LAN, r. 80C. Mutual Baiik I
bull— _g. : __ \
GET your shoes haJf-soled while waiting; 25c !
; t.. CO- 571 Mission r*.. bet. let and 2d ets.. j
" ' • or] 11 -Third st., ETBjrliH" building. r- ?
WANTED — Men to fill 250 rooms at 20c per
• wight: clothes clos»rs. hair mattresses, elec-
. * • trie l^ght In every room. 681 Howard, nr. 3d.
* TRY cur men's ohoes. union made; $1 and $1 50
pair; Toct-fonn sbo*s, $2 50; we pay express
.-. •. e__rg_L U M St.. Exam, bid.: open till 9 p.m.
• MAN warded to take care horse; mint have
•/ . pef. Orphan Ajrylum. Central avs.-Wall«r st.
•COOD-PAYTNa 10c barber «hop for sale; trial
glvn. Z3H Fifth st.
-.'GOOD shop for sale; 2 chairs; 3 living rooms;
: .-*■ saap: call at once. 1547 Mission et.
■• GILL5TTS school is the plaee to learn th«
.'; barber trade. Gil Con_aerclal rL
"TWO men to learn the barber trade; abso-
lut^y froe. 751 Mission st.
• WASTED — Young man to work for his tuition
■• in S. F. Barber School. 741 Howard St.
'*-4?ATLORS ar.fl young men (green hands) for
• '. >^P*- .HALLBERT. 517 Jackson st.
f^SEN r» learn the detective business; paid
, while learning. 937 Market St.. room 104.
VrTN wanted at 1S7 3d st-. where shoes are re-
pejred fjy machinery; sewed soles 10 min., 75c
L-ABOR debts collected; -Jits, attach— tenth!
... .La— ar.d Adjustment Co.. 3_8 Montgy.. r. 415.
"• PENSION any., E. A. BuIIls. r. 40. Phelan bid.'
• -.' Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Port. G. A. R. j
I ,UUlfl_l_sp_B Hotel. 44 Third Et.. near Mar-
k*T-— 7<>O rooms; 35c nigbt; reading rooms;
;.-- frty 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
• "A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
': t'r.i of •advertisements snd subscriptions has
. bran ct>«T.ca at l(*?i Market st., opposite
; • F.Kth. Ope n until 11 p. ra.
• ALL tiz^s Bfn'« ehoes, slightly damaged, half
' '_ rrt;&. 571 Mii-lon St.. bfrt. 1st and 2d Ets.
- __Jj__ feOI_CTTORS WAJ8TED.
MKN «j(i'wcnfn guaranteed clear $200 month
j fmHciilcg among their friends In city and
■ # country; experience unnec>?6i;ary; f_5 cash se-
<tirity. required. 1118 Market ft., room 1.
•j_^- -bosses A_rx> wagc__.
[ FlKlTsa!^— Vehicles of a',1 descriptions rllghtly
. .rJanfaired by fire, smoke ancJ -water, to b? eold
* at « sacrifice durir.g ntxt 5 days at O'BRIEN
■ ' . so^f°". 5°° Golden Gate ave.
" JBA.V. borse. 36 hands, 115*' ll»s. 7 years o!d;
buggy ar.1 harness. 6-seater, and light sur- i
1 re;-. .J1C3 Elm ave.. on* Pierce St., bet.
' fWtfden Gate are. and Turk Ft.
'/HORSES for sale: rood workers; $20. f35. $75;
• r»oro f<*r mere boarders at Columbia Stable,
, •„ 122 r i Eddy st.
. A 5-IGHJ"'~~y mare scurd and perfectly pen-
'. ' ".t!~ for g< wr-ight 950 lbs. Address Gray
' *. Mare. generaJ delivery. A'.ameda.
"THE-'c.aa«er!y bulletin cf S. F. Veterinary Co'-
lr-ge now reaily; mailed fi— e upon application
. trf DR._.J.CREELY.Pres..51O Golden Gate.
'. , PI'S, bugrries, surreys, rub. -tire runabout, ex-
; Tress wagon: cheap. 100 Golden Gate ave.
CARLOAD gentle business buggy and livery
ho-fe. E. STEWART _ CO.. 220 Valencia.
. FOR sale — 10 second -hsnd express wagons, one
Flr.rie truck. 233 Beale et.
; AUCTION fair- of hornes. wagon? and harness
ROT "Wednesday at II a. rn. 327 Sixth st.
. ' HORSES WAHTEP.
• WANTED — A go^a working bcrse. Address
. box 3720. Call office.
gQTTSES TO LET.
.A— PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cxlar. C. H. UMBSEN _ CO.. 20 Montgomery.
VNF.rnNISHEr> or partly furnished home;
• Presidio Heights; 6 rooms and bath. Box
• 737. Call office.
H<">T-F~ S rooms and bath Inquire 128
•- r.&(iy *t.
: ' HOUSES JruaXTCSZXED— TOJB. SALE.
•EIGHT rooms; nicely furnUhtd; yard; will sell
. tt a earriSe*. 124 Turk st.
HOTELS.
IIOTEL BALTIMORE. 1013 Van NV«T_ve.—
This fit— t-cla«» hotel, now boing conducted on
AmerK-n plan, especially for families for the
seascrj cr ye«r. Location Is unsurpaFsed. The
. equipment* are si! modern, with every con-
venience. Th<> rooms ar<» large, sunny and
comfortable: Fuj.ert> view; furnishings are all :
: elegant. ' Ouisin* highest order. H. C. SHAN-
NON, tcana^er. formerly of Hotel Langham, '
N»w York, und Moan— Hotel. Honolulu.
Z_7ST_X_MEZ~r BTJILDINO.
: BLILDX&O CONSTRUCTION COMPANY."'
Installment homes. 512 Callaghan building,
will build on your j.rop*rty or buy you a lot;
■ _■■•" ■ S8 a month pays principal I and Interest on
• . .each $1000 of balance due, making your In-
. bailments Ie*» than rent; send for circular.
,- ' , =;
' IM VESTME-TTB.
. MARCONI Wimlfss stock, as also any other
security at bargain i>rice*; write me your
.• • wanrs; my ten - lces unequsJcd in the West;
prompt and satinfoctory. E. COWPER-
TTrv\AITE. gtockton. Cal.
LOST AOTJ TOXTRB.
LOST— A past marter 1 * Masonic Jewel on De-
cember _:.; Inrcrlptlon en back. Suitable re-
ward will be paid on returning same to
■ GEORGE L. DARLING. 114 Poet St., or
S251 Twenty-fir*t et.
LOST— Sunday arternoon. Dec. 11. at beach.
#outh cf Park, black Scotch collie bitch.
Suitable reward if returned to 1326 Forty-
nSnth are.. Boulevard station, or for lnfor-
_ alien cf whereabouts.
LOST— Lady's gold ring, set with large opal.
■ . surrounded with small rubles and diamond*
Finder please return to J75 Carl St.. near
Etanyan, and receive reward
$25 REWARD for the return of a lady's dog
collar cf corals, with il&mnol bars. Finder
please communicate with purchasing depart-
ment at Fifth and Tehama eta.
LOST— A pass bock with the Hlberala Saving,
and Loan Society of Pan Francisco in the
name of ELLEN PANGAROW. No. 176-462;
the — nder will please return to bank.
LOST— Bunch of keys, on Mason st.. bet. Val
lejo and Sacramento, or on Powell st car
Chrtfiim— 1 day. Return to 1527 Mason st •
reward. '
LOST — On Tuesday, turquoiee ring, surrounded
by diamonds. Return to 416 Clay st.; liberal
reward civen.
LOST— Silver B. P. O. E. matchbox. Return to
J. H. VALIEGA. Ca-lfomla Theater; liberal
reward.
FOUND — A loose diamond, near the ferry
owt.t caa hav e same by proving property'
J. RTAN. 2330 Point Lobe* I ave I)roperly -
LOST— Wednesday, on Jackson st cars pu-se
with 2 keys, ebout fflc. 1422A Powell | rewj.
LOST— Diamond rur.burst pJn; keepsake*; large
reward; no questions asked. Inquire at Call.
LOST— A parrf*. Return to CH. LILLIE.
corner Bay and Webster st*.; reward.
__ — -*** f _* _T| J_______ _» A. M ff !9 A _ _* Hff _O ~ 5 _i a_ '
jp- j*APpy Ms® u&stR,r
Free to Small Ad Patrons of
•—■»—■—«—••■—•—-_•. I niw f_nli_ffllrsrT^W__B_^ II ■ tT^"*t e ii'^3Flffi SS^ff if T>\\ i 1 1 1 1 r*^ — — — ■■ — •
The Plum Pudding we offer our Small Ad patrons this week is a rich and delicious confec-
tion made by the Chicago firm of Libby, McNeill & Libby. the famous packers.
Some of these Puddings were given out to our patrons 'last week after the regular supply
advertised was exhausted and we have heard many words of commendation spoken for this Pudding
by those who tried it. " *
Free to Any Person Presenting a Small Ad....
THURSDAY, FRIDAY or SATURDAY
— — — FOR —
CALL BUSINESS OFFICE, THIRD and MARKET STS.
OAKLAND OFFICE - § i - 1016 BROADWAY
LATTNCrgEB TOR HTBE.
C A. McNEILlTlaUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
rt. : for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
__JlTTRESSES_AWD_P~_I.OWS.
TO order; renovated, disinfected {formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard st. : phone South 218.
MEDICAIi.
LADIES who are In trouble or suffering from
my ailment peculiar to their sex can find
Immediate relief by consulting Dr. White, j
the only graduate physician In Sao Francisco I
who has devoted a lifetime to helping women;
17 years' experience without a failure has
put him at the head. He guarantees relief or
no pay.
DR. WHITE. 702 Market st.. rooms 7 and 8.
DR. O. W. O'DONNELL — All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints: postlvely corrected"; the unfortu-
nate helped; the mdzt difficult cases treated:
every case taken: Immediate relief; no poi-
soning drugs; low fees; my methods will cur«
til ca»«*. of irregularity: by consulting me
cave time and money; advice free. Office,
1018 Market st.
LADIES — Possibly I'm not the cheapest nor yet
the oldest cpeciallst here, but I AM a RE-
LIABLE graduate physician. When In trou-
ble confide in me. Irregularities relieved;
the unicrtunate helped; I promise best atten-
tion and no danger: I guarantee prompt re-
ruUs or no charge. Room 1. Est. 14 years.
DR. E. G. WEST, office 305 Kearny st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities: instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008^ Market st.. opp. Mh.
MRS. DR WTETH. specialist for alTlemale
complaints and Irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed: 30 years' experience. 941 <>ost St.
ALL cases of female Irregularities relieved at
once; guaranteed treatment. $10; 30 years'
pucoessful experience. DRS. GOODWIN, &W> !
Market St., opp. Fourth, room 37.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, ladies' specialist, removed '
from 1118 Market to 83S Mission St.. near !
Fourth; home In confinement: 25 years' expe-
rience; beet medical attention: low fees.
TALBOT BARNARD. Australian Nerve Spe-
cialist, has arrived; limited number patients
treated home; consultation free. 3221 21st st.
Experts. maEseur and masseuse, by hour: rheu-
matism, neuralgia relieved Instantly. 3S50.Call I
DR. end MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment.. 1226 Market.
DR ROSEN, residence 2395 Folsom st.. corner
CCth: ladlt-s. relief or no fee: S10.
MISCE-I_--rEOUS— FOR SALE.
DOES TOUR ROOF LEAK?
Have you a leaky tin. ehtngle. felt or Iron
rocf? Cover it with Ma-tic Roofing. It is best
for old and new roofs, and for valleys, gutters.
decks, balconies, etc. Mastic Roof Paint and
Roofing Cement will stop email leaks. Write
us about It. Elaterlte Roofing Co., 713 Market.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, .boilers, pump.*.
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. W T HITE MCHT. CO.. 130-1(52 'Beale at.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOEH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
I a— -BUTS. sells or rents gear machinery, en-
! rlnes bcilers. water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
I etc. 'WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear St.
REPUTABLE place to rent gents' full dress.
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits. J. COOPER.
21 Stockton st. (formerly at Palace Hotel.)
THY our men's «noe_ at *t and $1 60 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 60; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.; catalog fr*a.
tmaMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly lUyment,. DEREMER'S. 137 Mont-
goroery st.. room 12. upstairs. ,
.« pieeant sealskin, good- as new, only $70.
UNITED LOAN AND TRUST CO.. 21 Stock-
ton *l. second floor. _-__
-f>R sale — Second-hand bath tubs, slabs, bowls
and pipe. 3«6 Jeasle St.. from 4 to g. .-,.•-.
HANDSOME long Isabella bear boas; also
white fox; present; sell cheap. 1006 Halght.
PURCHASER for complete set of unused Ca-
nadlac T jubilee stamps. Box 3665. Call.
WIDOW will sell husband's watch and dia-
mond chain cheap. 131 Montgomary, rm. ».
TOWETS furniture polish removes soots and
stains; free delivery. 370 Fell st.
SAFES and cash registers^ . new_and second -
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1325 Market s,t.
2D-HAND bldg. material; !«»_».« jj2°Jv "*.**.'
ylumb. material. Th« Dolan Co.. 16G7.Mark-t.
•THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 30, 1904.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE — Con.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 807 Mission st. ; tel. South 811.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, safe, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HeF-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st/
ROOMS papered. $4 up: tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 Third; tel. Main 418.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK, 46 Fremont st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
i
AAAAA— Highest prices for ladles', gents' cast-
off clothing. Tel. Davis 828. G50 Sacramento st. I
DIAMONDS and precious stones bought for
cash. KARL EBER _ CO., r. 405. Adams
bldg.. 206 Kearny St.; phone Black 3036.
PAYS special price cast-off fancy ladles' dress-
es. men's suits. 022 Folsom. tel Folsom 3522.
MONEY TO LOAN.
AAAAA— A CONFIDENTIAL and reputable
place to borrow money on the following:
Salaries.
Life insurance policies.
Chattel mortgages.
Undivided interests.
Second and third mortgages.
Estates In probate.
Special dfpartment for loans to ladles on
their notes.
Private offices for ladles and gentlemen.
UNITED LOAN AND TRUST CO..
21 Stockton St., near Market,
2d floor. Phone Bush 4S4.
AAAA — THE Portland Jewelry Co. will make
you very liberal loans on your diamonds,
sealskin or any valuables at the low rate of '
two (2) per cent per month; If you do not
wish to call, phone us (phone Bush 484) and
the manager of our loan department will call
on you: all business strictly confidential
25 STOCKTON ST.. NEAR MARKET.'
Private offices at 21 Stockton tt., 2d floor.
N. B. — The only loan office west of New
York that has a fire and burglar proof vault
on the premises; free use of same to all cus-
tomers.
—MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (Inc.)—
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
;... INTEREST 5% AND 6 PER CENT
CITY. OAKLAND TOWN AND COUNTRY
PROPERTY
Second mortgages, lire insurance policies, es-
tates In probate, undivided Interests In prop-
erty, probate realty loans, stocks and bund?.
legaciea and undivided Interests in property
purchased. . .
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
Suite 107-10* Crocker bldg. ; prone Main 5924.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY,
601-602-G03 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly. '
Estate, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.; legacies life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly* confidential.
When You Need Money,
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
1st. 2d or 3d
Mortgages, on real estate.
In city, town or country.
Low rate of interest.
Give full particulars .
of property,
Location, etc.
Box 223. Call office.
SALARY LOANS— ' ~ '
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake, 453 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private plaoe to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at 2
• rer cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
978 Market: tel. Main 1644. Branch 1192
Market and 27 Third. ,
A — ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal; no publicity: also on real estate;
1st or 2d mortgages or on any security; any
amount. O. W. BECKER, 36 Geary, room 36.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, I retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business in 48
principal cities. TOLMAN. 653 Parrott bldg.
MONEY to loan at low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls - and - precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth St.
PRIVATE— Money loaned on salaries without
security; 'diamonds 'or chattels: no. fee; no
com. : cut rate. Cal. Loan Co., 523 Parrott bid.
1 PER cen« on furniture or pianos: no removal;
no commission ;- no publicity; $25, up; quick,
' private. " confidential. 26 Montgomery, rm. 21.
MONEY TO LOAN— Contlnne-.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano
without 1 removal; other security; fairest
rates; strictly confidential; no commis. Na-
_^tlonal Credit Co., 506 Donohoe bid., 8 Taylor.
TO salaried people ■without security. The White
Co.. 420 California St., rooms 14 and 15.
SALARIED people on note. S. F. DISCOUNT
AGENCY. 125-127 Phelan bldg. Private.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches, Jewelry;
confd. Diamond Parlor Jewelry Co., 722 Mkt.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
us. Hutton Credit Co.. 912 Mutual Bank bldg.
STAR .Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311. Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds & Jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 53S Kearny.
3% ON furniture _ pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN, room 81, 6 Eddy st.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
indcrser. MORRELL. 0C1* Examiner building.
MTJSICAI. INSTRUMENTS.
A~BUNCH OF* BARGAINS.
1 Haake $33: 1 Decker, $43; 1 Stoddard. $110;
1 Fischer, $125.
ALSO
1 Sterling,- 1 Stelnway. 1 Curta*. 1 Vose, 1
Weber 1 Heines, and many others. Easy pay-
ments. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Far-
rell st.
A GREAT opportunity — We are closing out
our entire Seattle stock In S. F. at price*
never heard of before; all makes; your
terms are our terms; rents $2 up; allowed If
purchased. HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237
Geary St.. 8. F.; Oakland. 1252 Broadway.
PARTY must sell large Stelnway upright: coit
$700; price $285; will accVpt payments; no
reasonable cash offer refused . 237 Geary . st.
BEAUTIFUL new upright pianos for rent f $3
' per month; one year's rental allowed If pur-
chased. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 560 Hayes st.
$60 UPRIGHT; one $30 upright; one good
square. <20. HORXUNQ. 210 McAllister st.
A SMALL Steinway upright; cost $500; $185
. takes It. 237 Geary st.
FISCHER upright; cost $350; will sell for $90.
237 Geary st.
ELEGANT uprights, new _ 2d-hand,$45 to $500.
Plerce's Piano Factory. Market and 14th ats.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecellan piano
pHyer. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO., 16 McAllister «t.
3-PEDAL Steinway up; Chickering baby grand;
Shonlnger. little used. Keeffe'a. 2S5 O'Farrell.
OP.-CEB AND STORES TO __T.
STORE to lease at 111 Ellis st. Apply at
barber shop.
A^^Hy^ook~'oTo^^~'' J>^^
Fifteen day rate will now be given by MME.
G1LLINGHAM; a lady 72 years of age with
wrinkles and pufflness removed from one side
of the face can be seen daily; write for book-
let. 143 StoclAon st.. cor. Geary.
SPECIAL BETWEEN SEASON LOW RATES
this week for facial bautlfylng; a face with-
out a wrinkle with the contour and fresh
color of youth may be had through my
ecientlflc treatment; consultation and book-
let free. M. ' ELLA HARRIS. ■ 128 Geary st.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, Im-
proves Its growth,Btops falllng.cures dandruff
and itching scalp; no . stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers' :ac-
eept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 1338 Polk
NOTICE — Any one desiring to become master
of their own . destiny ' and . become an Initiate
In the Cabala, for Information The Phllo-
eophlcal Pub. Co., 1420 Market st.
HAIR growers. Are ' you using the right one?
" Best recipes and treatment for each kind of.
baldness. All . 25c. Box 14. Sheepranch, Cal.
FANCY and etik dresses carerully washed.
JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRY, cstab.
1899. 2122 FlUmore st. ; phone Geary 2053.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, over-
coats and trousers at CHARLES LYONS',
London Tailor. 721 Market st. . ' ■
WRITE me Elgin/ Wash. : B. F. S.
MRS DR. OWTER, 511A Leavenworth St.. be-
tween Geary, and O'Farrell. - T»l. _ast 697.
SUITS to order on Installments of $1 per week.
V NEUHAUB CO... the > tailors,, 729 Market st.
EASY installments for Men and Youths. Suits
to order. ' Co-operative Tailoring, 117. Mkt.
FEBSOH-A-S— Contlnned.
"REXRADIO" has successfully treated over
TWELVE HUNDRED casea of TOTAL
DEAFNESS, also multitudes suffering from
a lame variety of (alleged) INCURABLE 1
diseases. Stacks of TESTIMONIALS. Hours,
' 2 to 7. 1 Fourth st. (upstairs), cor. Market.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for 57 50
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO., 340 Post St.. near Powell.
$1 a week; suits to order $15 up. LEMOS. 1127
Market St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
ONE dollar weekly keeps you In fine clothing.
Art Tailoring. 1644 Mkt., under St. Nicholas.
Superfluous hair removed: electric needle. Mrs.
; Eaton,369 Sutter. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary.r.38.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 60; dress pant*. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restore* gray
hair to its natural color. $1 at all druggists'.
I A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
PHTSICIAITS AZTD SURGEONS. _
DR C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence,
102m Market St.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal disease* a specialty.
DR. BALL, 1073% Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM] herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
' I'uet four years at 115-117 Mason st., now lo-
cated at 667 Geary St., near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor — All dis-
ease* cured by Chinese herbs. 746-S Clay st.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new methods: one week's
treatment free. Dr. Cottlngham, 204 Sutter.
PATE-TTS. ~~
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg.. 532 Market st.
PURCHASING AGENCIES.
CLARA ,E. JEWETT, purchasing agent; coun-
try orders a specialty; correspondence solicit-
ed. 305 Larkin. st., room 49; tel. South 310.
PROP O3AI.S.
BEPAlvrMENT^OF THE INTERIOR. Unlteo
States Geological Survey, Reclamation Ser-
vice, Washlngton.D. C, November 22, 1904—
Sealed proposals will be received at th« of-
fice of the United States Reclamation Ser-
vice, Phoenix, Arizona, until 0 o'clock a.
m , January 5, 1905, for the delivery of 50,000
barrels, more or lees, of fuel oil at Mesa or
Roosevelt, Arizona, and for the hauling of ■
miscellaneous freight. Specifications and I
forms of proposal may be obtained from ■
Louis C. Hill, Engineer, .United States Geo. *
logical Survey, Phoenix, Arizona, or from I
the Chief Engineer. United States Geological
Survey. Washington. D. C. Each bid must '
be accompanied by a certified check for $1000. <
payable to the order of the Secretary of th« i
Interior, as a guaranty that the bidder wiil, <
If successful, promptly execute a satisfactory
contract and furnish bond In the sum of
$20,000 for the delivery of the oil and the
hauling. The right Is reserved to reject any
and all bids, to accept one part and reject
the other, and to waive technical defects,
as the lntereste of the. service may require.
Bidders are Invited -to be present. Proposals ,
must be marked, "Proposals for the Delivery |
• of Oil for the Salt River Project. Arizona." 1
THOS. RYAN, Acting Secretary. |
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau of;
Supplies and Accounts, Navy Department,
Washington. D. C, until 10 o'clock a. m..
January . 24. l»05. and publicly opened im-
mediately thereafter,, to furnish at the navy
1 yards, Mare Island, Cal., and Puget: Sound,
Wash., as specified, a quantity of trucks.
■ concrete . mixer, hoisting engine, winch, air
compressor, knife grinding machine and wood
trimmer. Blank proposals will be furnished
upon application to the .navy pcy offices.
San Francisco. Cal.. anu Seattle, Wash. H.
T. : B. HARRIS. Paymaster General. , U. S.
N. 12-9-04.
TYPEWRITERS AND ST7PP—XES.
AN exceptionally good No.' 2 Remington, No. 1
- Smith ; Premier, ■ $25; other typewriters at
higher: and" lower, prices: rentals $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange/ 536 California st.
2D-HAND -' typewriters ' sold, rented, repaired.
:Web»ter Typewriting Inspec. Co.,. '>CS Market.
STOP DRINKING,
GUARANTEED cure; send 50c; tablet form;
mailed. In plain package: ; has cured ; thou-
sands.", L. L. C. CO.. 417 Hayward bldg., S. F.
BBAL ESTATE— CTt~r—rOR SALE.
ONLY A FEW LEFT.
$1 25 PER WEEK.
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
$200 for choice lots. Excelsior Homestead
Tract: level as a billiard table: on grade;
• close* to fine school and Mlssion-st. electric
cars: bound to double in value.
$400 each on Installments of $10 per month:
no taxes; fine lots near Ocean boulevard:
best residence location south of Golden Gate
Park; these are the cheapest lots In this dis-
trict; advancing In price rapidly.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery st.. r. 8. Phone Main 5704.
F7XL STREET.
ONLY $100 A FOOT. .
LOTS ANY FRONTAGE. 137:6 FEET DEEP.
THOMAS MAGE_ _ SONS.
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
$10,500. INCLUDING bitumlnlzlng of st. : terms
to suit; 3 swell flats not yet completed: rents
$1080 per annum; every known possible lat-
est improvement; 16 minutes from City Hall:
7th-ave. boulevard, nr. Fulton s_; close to
the Park: 5 ear lines, one runs all night.
Call from to 4. Seventh ave.. nr. Fulton.
$1SOO— COTTAGE. 4 rooms; on 2Sth st.
MISSION REALTY CO.. 3297 Mission st.
GOOD work our motto: prtc*« moderate. AHL-
BACH _ MAYER, plumbers. 836 Howari st.
REAX. ESTATE^-OOUBrTRY— For Bale.
$5000—$0 ACRES of land, all under cultiva-
tion, with improvements, In orchard section
of Sutter County: only three miles from
county seat and on line of new irrigation
ditch.
A snap if taken soon, but will not keep.
M. J. NEWKOM.
406 Second st.. Marysvllle, Cal.
ATTENTION, HOMESEEKERS!
Send postal for catalogue of the best land
bargains In California. C. M. WOOSTER CO.,
648 Market st.
CONTRA Costa County Real estate for sala.
Bt nil for list. D. J. WEST. Martinez. CaL
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weeklj
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in th
.United States or Canada one year for 1
postage paid. • .
SAN MATEO REAL ESTATB.
LOMITA PARK.
As an Investment or for a home site, a 60
foot lot In Lomlta Park offers exceptional ad-
vantages. Only 45 minutes from the city 01
the San Mateo electric line: outside the foi
belt; well located and drained; artesian water
streets graded; water and sewer pipes laid
Terms — A first payment of from $10 up am
balance at $10 per month. Easily within th<
reach of all. First placed on the market Au-
gust 1 and over half now sold. Must be seei
to be appreciated. Go down and Investigate o
write to-day — to-morrow may be- too late t<
secure a choice.
SELBY. RODGERS _ CO..
Main. 673. 116 California st.
Also at LOMITA PARK.
PROPERTY WAJIT-D. .'
WANTED — In S. F. or across bay. modern I
to 10 room residence with good view: marini
preferred; rooms must be large; will pa;
cash $7000 to $13.000 If suited. Box 3«5fl. Cal
FRUITYALE ADVERT'S'TS
rRTTITVAIiE REAL ESTATE.
•
KEEP YOUR EYE ON THIS SPACE.
FRUITVALE BOULEVARD TRACT.
TWO CAR LINES; FINE SCHOOLS.
ON THE GRAND BOULEVARD.
SMALL CASH AND $5 MONTHLY PAT-
MENTS.
2000 FEET ON HIGH STREET.
1000 LOTS, $100 TO $150 EACH.
CHARLES. F. LEE..
1222 FRUITVALE AVE., FRUITVALE.
OAKLAND AD VERT'SOTTS
OFFICE. 1016 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
A SNAP— Choice lot. 110x125, SW. cor.' -in
and Myrtle sts,; will be sold as a whole or
in subdivisions: sold to settle an estate. 143i
Myrtle rt.. Oakland.
OAKLAND PT7RNITURE FOB SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furni-
ture. H. Schelhaas. 11th st..cor.store.Oakland
San Francisco AdvertisemVa
ROOMS TOR HO TJ3EBTEEPINO. _A
CALIFORNIA. 1272 — 2 large sunny rooms; fui-
nlshed complete for housekeeping.
EDDY, 743 — 2 eunny well-furnished house-
keeping rooms; gas range, yard, etc.
ESSEX, 11. bet. First and Second, off Fol-
som — 3 sunny furnished housekeeping rooms;
gas; $13 60. ___"
FIFTH. 353 — Furnished housekeeping rooms.
$18: 2, $12 50: one -ingle, $5. 1 .
GEARY, 1225 — Fine, sunny, bay-window suite;
all conveniences: nice marine view; also
other choice rooms; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 357 — Newly furnished
sunny front rooms, light housekeeping; lock
door; bath.
HARRISON. 403 — Furnished and housekeeping
rooms, coal and gas stoves, electric lights,
I hot and cold water, bath.
1 HARRISON. S07— Housekeeping and single
' furnlghed rcoma to let. .j
HOWARD. 640 — Front sun. sulte.grate. 2 beds,
$3 50 wk.; hskpg.prlvate kltch.; no children.
• JESSIE, 323— Large sunny front room; gas
! range, sink; from $2 75 to $3 75 week.
JESSIE 3C7 — Nice sunny furnished single
rooms'. I from $1 per week up.
" KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine-
Sunny furnished 3-rootn suites; steam heated,
electric lighted; free baths; rates* reasonable.
• MCALLISTER. 1053 — Three sunny housekeep-
i . Ing rooms; bath and laundry; new flat; $18.
- MISSION 1C07. near 12tli — Large sunny furn.
rrom. light housekeeping, $S; gas. bath;
• other rocma.
> { OAK. 25A — Sunny front room and kitchen for
. I housekeeping, $11.
f I OAK. 117— Rooms complete, housekeeping; $3
[ I to $12; gas range: hot bath: adults.
■ 1 O'FARRELL, 20S — 3 connecting rooms; gas
[ range, running water; complete: 2 beds.
• O'FARRELL, 1395 — Two nicely furnished, inn-
:} ny front 'housekeeping rooms In new. .unny.
J corner flat.
\ RAUSCH, 85, near Fol-om — Large room, con-
' netting kitchen: sink; large yard; rent reaa.
' SOUTH PARK. 137 — Two or three nicely fur-
t nlshed. sunny front housekeeping rooms; $12.
'. TAYLOR, 313— A snap; downtown sunny hpg.
1. rooms: gas range, etc. ; $3 25 per week.
• 1 THIRD 308 — Nice, snnny housekeeping room*;
I transient; from 25c up; all clean and HghL
• TWENTY-FOURTH. 33C5. nr. Mission— Two
smalt furnished rooms; gas; yard; S3; no
• children. *
- VAN NESS, 421 — Elegantly furn. front sunny
f I suite; free phone; machine and bath; $23.
! VALENCIA. S74A— Housekeeping room; also 1
r furnished to suit, with or without use o;
3 kitchen.
1 WEBSTER. 122&— 3 or 4 rocms. complete foi
" ' housekeeping; phene and bath.
'' WEBSTER. 1354 — Two or more sunny unfur
a housekeeping rooms; adults; reasonable.
- j-OOMS TO^ EST~T-ni.^»nd JgnfttTiK
t ATKINS, corner Third st. and Park lane — Ne«
« brick building; all sunny rooms; hot and cole
water; electric lights: only first-class hous<
- ..In locality: rooms $1 50 week and up. -
.' A— BRUNSWICK House. liFsixth st-— Room;
■ 25o.to $1 per night, $1 -5 to $5 per week anc
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
I AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 3
Fifth st.) — Rooms. 25c to 50c. $V$1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
ROOMS TO _ET— rurn. and gai_r_.
BELMOND House: over Owl drug stors: 3 en-
trances. 112U Market and 21 Turk— E4«ctrt~
lights, running water in every room; 20O
rooms; 25c to 50c per night: $1 25 to $3 week.
CALIFORNIA. 1264— Nice sunny room; froni:
running water; large 'closet; gentleman er
lady.
CALIFORNIA. 1530— Three unfurnished rooms;
lower floor; rent $10.
FELL, 251, near Franklin — A front room. bath,
telephone, etc.; no sign out.
FILLMORE, 2517 — Two or three nice newly
carpeted rooms; furnished or unfurnished.
GEARY. 610, Tb» Carl — Nlc» furnUhed room*
by the day. week or month.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 211>— Front anu single
rooms; also 2 housekeeping rooms with gas
stove and water.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 439— On* farnlsted room.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 337— Newly furnished
sunny rooms,$l 5O. $2 50 up; bath: lock doer.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission— Rocms SSa
to II 25 night; $t 5* to $8 wk.; readlng-rootn.
HOW A RXV3 715^Furnlshe_~ r«o_is~s_«U or
double; central location^
KEARNY. 419^-Ftne~~front sunay rooms for
$2 50 per week. _______
LAGUNA. 1507. eor. Oeary— Coxy 8-roora solte;
newly furn.; new fiat; prtrat*; reasonable.
MARKET, 1049 (TheValmcuthV— Snnny rooms;
$2 00 to $7 week: baths; elevator: also h-pc.
METOOPOLTTA3l^ou!r~123^Third St.— 40O
single and family rooms 85e to $1 5O per day.
$2 to *S week: the only new and modern
hotel and roomlng-hous« In San Francisco
that has office on ground fiocr. hot and colrl
water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
In every room and given free baths an4 ele-
vator servic* day and night to Ita guests.
.IINNA. eeo— Nlc* new * farn_be4 room:
suitable for 2 men. _______________
MISSION. Ml. near Second— Larg* front room,
with coal oil ftove; suitable for on« or two
gents. ____.
MISSION. 1013. nr. Cth— Front rocm for eocpU;
folding be<i; Lam* closets; light housekeeping;
$."» per week. ___________
OAK. 42, near Market— Nicely furnished sunny
front carlor. suitable for married couple;
also sunny bay-window front room.
PINE. 1733. block from Van Ness— Newly fur-
nished sunny room: bath; phone; rt_onib!».
ROOMS FOR RENT.
Th* Pacific Coast Room Renting Agency ha-
opened offices at 289 Post st. If you want a
room, suite of rocms or flat call and se« us.
We can furnish you furnished or _nf_rnlshe<i
rooms and save you tlm«, trouble and money.
Full description, prices, etc., phone John 6581.
ROYAL^ HOUS_7i2« EHlsHlncand7scent Tights;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies* par-
lor; rooms per night. 35c to $1 CO: week. $2
to $8; month. $S to $30; elevator on ground
Boor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SACRAMENTO. 110»— Rooms furnished, partly
furnished or unfurnished; cheap.
TAYLOR, .M.'B — Large south room, suitabl* i:
■clothes closet., running water, bath. $10.
TAYLOR. 709, near Sutter — Sunny furnished
room for 1 or 2; fireplace; $& month.
THE ST. KATHRYN. CORNER ELLIS AND
LEAVENWORTH STS.— POSITIVELY THK
SUNNIEST ROOMS IN THE CITY: NEW-
SANITARY HAIR MATRESSE3. BATHS.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS. TELEPHONE SERV-
ICE, HOT AND COLD WATER; EVERY
MODERN CONVENIENCE; ELEVATOR
ALL HOURS; ROOM3 FROM $3 WEEK.
"THE LAUNSTON," 110 Eddy— Best tran-
sient and regular house In city; SOc and $1.
THIRD. 3a«l (The Alta)— Nice clean transient
rooms from 25c up; also hoasekpg. rnomt
TTOX, 42 — Beautifully furnished sunny rooms.
•Ingle or en suite, by day. week, month.
TURK 123— Clean, sunny furnished rooms,
with' beard; suite or single; housekeeping:
$5 up^
VENDOME. 11(U Market — Furn. rooms, suit**
cr single: suite* $5 weeX up. 15 Turk.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, nr.' Market — MX>
roomo 3.V to $1 night, $1 75 to $8 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water In every
room; elevatcr, read. -room; free but, baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 M st.. nr. Market—
?4o»t convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to $1 6O nightly; $2 to $S week; elevator:
elec. lights; reading-room; fr«re bus, baggage.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received *X
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church.
ROOMS AND BOARS.
HO^e1T^I?AIG_On7 ~ Wl"~O^ary~i*U^_arg».
sunny rooms, board: suite*, with board for -.
$50 mo.; single, with board. $25 up; spectal
family rates; just rencvated.
ELLIS. 453 — Best of French table board by
lady cooks; also furnished rooms.
MASON. 615A. near Sutter— Room and boani
for laly: private family.
CALIFORNIA. 807— Best rooms, table and ser-
vice In the city for the least money.
ELLIS. 453 — Splendid single rooms wltS hmtt
of French table board: reasonable.
ROOMS AND BOARP WA-TTEP.
ROOM with breakfast and dinner by stngln
man with highest references and accustomed
to rrfine'l hom<?: price not exceeding $8 per
week. Box 3717, CaU. office.
SEWING MACHINES ANU SUPPLIES.
THE chance of a lifetime to buy the bent
sewing machine in, the world at little price;
We have about 150 new White sewing ma-
chines that are slightly shopworn; we shall
clcae them out at once at from Vt to 1-3
usual price; also about 80 machines of all
other mak?s. good as new, at from $5 to £13
each, at the new retail store of the Whita
Sewing Machine Co.. 915 Market st.
ALL makes; 2d-h:irid. $2. $3. $7. $9; new. $4. $«7
drop heads. 5-<lrawer. irold-fn oak. $19; rented,
repaired: lowest rates. National Automatiir
S. M. Co.. 145 Sixth St.: tel. Jessie S7U4.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use: bes»
is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rate-. Domes-
tic office, KC1 Market St.. nr. Sixth.
. I ALL kinds second-hand $3. $5. •$•*; sllahtly
used $10, $15. $20: you know where the _oi:»
swlng In the window. 1C51 Market st.
ALL kinds bought. »r>!fi and repairing gnaran.
• teed. CHAS. PLAMlifrXTK. 1915 Mission st.
: AND WAEEHO USES.
1 A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.: furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 72">-
'. 731 Howard St.. nr. Third: phone Grant 1X1.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 10 Drumm St.;
phone Mint 2941: JOHN F. COOPER, p— >s. ;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
'. PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage — Moving Co.. of-
fice Post and Powell sts.: tel. Prtv. Ex. 671.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
• pany, 2320 Fillmor* St.; phene Jackson _S1.
• BEKINS Van anJ Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.: tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
r -EGAS NOTICES.
I NOTICE — Office cf Insurance' CbmmlMtoner.
State of California. San Francisco, December
— . 1904. — To whom It may concern: Pu--
s suant to the requirements of section 593 of
the Political Code, notice Is hereby ftven
" J that the Firemen's Insurance Company of
• ' Baltimore has withdrawn from business in
• I thin State, and said company is no longer
1 authorized to transact business therein. K-
" ' MYRON WOLF, Insurance Commissioner.
- • NOTICE — Office of Insurance Commissioner.
Stat* of California, San Francisco. December
— . 1904. — To whom it may concern: Pur-
1 suant to the requirements of section 590 of
the Political . Code, notice Is hereby given
that the Greenwich In— irance Company of
- ' New York has surrendered Its certificate of
: authority previously granted by this depart-
- } merit thus withdrawtns from business In
- ! this 'state, and said company Is no longer
3 1 authorized to transact business therein. EL
9 { . MYRON WOLF. Insurance Commissioner.
- I NOTICE Office of Insurance Commission's,
r ! State of California. San Francisco, Scptam-
I ber 17 1904. — To Whom It May Concern:
T 1 Pursuant to the requirements of section 59A
if of the Political Code, notice I* hereby given
that the Thurtngla Insurance Company of
Erfurt. Germany, has surrendered Its cer-
t tlflcate of authority previously granted by
this department. thus withdrawing from,
- business in this State, and said company la
r no longer authorized to transact business
therein. E. MYRON WOLF.
m Insurance Commissioner.
, BAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. Dec. IS, 1904.— T»
"" whom It may concern: Ba It hereby know a
w that the copartnership heretofore existing
J between D. J. O'HARA 'and F. J. MONA-
• HAN under the firm name of MONAHAN.
O'HARA A CO.. U hereby dissolved. Th«
said D. J. O'HARA withdrawing from tno
? »ald concern and his name discontinued.
i DANIEL J. O'HARA. F. J. MONAHAN.
• Fur Additional Classified Advertise*
' ments See 1'aje 14.
1314
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
.'JrFlCli of" The Hibernia Savings and Loan
Society, cor. Market, McAllister and Jones
tts.— San Francteco. Dec SS. 19O4. — At a.
regular meeting of the board of director* of
this society held this day. a dividend has
been declared at the rate of three and one-
lislf (3*4) per cent per annum on all deposits
fcr the Fix months ending December 31.
: '."•*, free fnir. all taxes, end payable on
*nd alter Januarj' 3. 1903. ROBERT J.
TpBIN, Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE — Central Trust Company,
• 4° Mont-fcrnery street — For the six months
tiding December 31, 1901. dividends have
bten declared on the deposits In the savings
department of this company as follows: On
tfim deposits at the rate of 3 6-10 per cent
t>er annum, and on ordinary deposits at the
rate of 2V» per cent per annum, free from
i«i.«-£ and payable on and after Tuesday.
January 3. 1805.
H. BRUKKEK. Caahler.
DIVIDEND Notice — ban Francisco and Subur-
i rn Hue* Building Society. 5th floor. Mutual
niv:ng» Bank bulidts*. ?06 Market St.. op-
t t'.u- Third «.— For the half-year ending
. *c*4&bcr ol. HKH, a dividend haa been d«-
• ":.i<.d at the rate per a-nnum cf teo tlw) per
•i.'t en capital atcck and participating cer-
.-..i.t<-s. free frum taxer, j,*yat>:» on and
■ u-r Mcnday January 2. li/C5.
JOSEPH A. LEONARD. Manager.
J. M. DUKE. Secretarj".
DIVIDEND NoUce— CallSornla Safa Depoett
end Trust Cornrfcirr. corner California and
Montgomery at*. — For the elx months ondlng
]>ecembrr 31. 1904. dividends have been <i«-
c:ar*d on the deponits in the aa.vtnga depart-
in«at cf thla company as follows: On term
depovitt, ftt the rate of 3 tt-10 per cent per
jr.ij.ja, and on ordinary deposits at the rate
cf 3 per c«nt per annum, free of taxes, aad
:-avatle on and after Tuesday. January 3,
1S05. J. DALZKLL BROWN. Manager.
nMDEKD notice — Mechanics' Savings Bank. !
■octhweat corner Bush and ilootgcne ry sts.— ,
For the halt year ending with Dvcember 81.
11)04. a dividend has been declared at the |
raw of thre* uad on*-quart«r (8Vi) pei cent
per annum c-s ail deposits, free or taxes, pay-
able on and &fter Tuesday. January 3. 1903.
Ij«pc«lts bear interest from data received.
■FREDERICK H. CLARK. Caahler.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— SDCtTRITT BA VINOS
HANK. 222 Montgomery st.. Mills building;
f ot naif year ending December' 31, 1904,
'..■Irene's upon all deposit* at the rate of
ihree and one-o.uari.cr (3\i) per cent per
annum, free of taxes, will be payable oa
«nd after January 3. 1805. FRED W. RAT,
•Secrettry^ " ■-
HfMB&Li'T Savings Bank, now at C26 Market
streot, cppcslte I*alact. Hotel, for th« half-
year, er.ilr.g December 31, ISOt, has declared
* Cividend on depesits at the rats of thre*
*nd cne-quarter (ZM) per cent per annum,
free of taxes; payable on and after Tues- |
day. January 3. 1806.
W. E. PALMER. Cashier.
DIVIDEND notice — Savings and Loan Society.
101 Montgomery »t., corner of gutter, haa
f.edar«l a. dividend ' for the term ending
December 31. J1KM. at the rate of three and j
cne-<juarter (3*4) per cent per annum on all !
uepoclts, free of taxts and payable on and j
tfter Jsnutiry 2. 1W5- CTRUS W. CAR- i
MANY. Ca*hl«r.
DIVIDEND Notlc* — Ban Frar.ciaco Savlag* !
Union. US California at., cor. Webb — Kor tba ■
half-year ending with the 31 «t of December, i
. V.-O*. a dividend ha* been . declared, at Ute-
rate ser ancum cf three and one-half (3H)
\*r cent on term deposit*, and three (3) ■
. > -wfit xn - ordinary deposit*, free of tax?*,
• ; .ay able on tad aft»r Tuesday. January 3.
I&05. LOVELL WHITE. Cashier.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Mutual Savin?* Bank of i
San Francisco. 710 Market et. — For the half- I
y«ar ending December 31. 1804. a dividend |
baa been declared at th* rate of three and
cne-quarter (3>i) P«r cent per annum on alii
deposits, free of taxes, payable on and after '
Tuesday. January 3 1905. GEORGE A.
• 6TORY. cathler. I
THE Continental Building and Loan Assoda- I
tlon of 301 California ft., Saa Francieco, i
j-.as declared a dividend for the elx months !
chains* December 31, 1304. of 5 per cent per
annum on ordinary deposits; 6 per cent on '<
term deoosits. and 7 per cent on class "F" I
• :r.*tallment stock. DR WASHINGTON i
DODGE, president; WM. CORBIN. secretary. ;
DIVIDEND Notice — The German Savings and !
Loan Society. 526 California «. — For tha •
half-year ending December 31. 1SO4, a dlvl- ■
.deed ha* been declared at the rate of thre*
and OE»-quarter f3VJ> per. cent per annum i
en all deposits, free of taxes, payable on
and after Tuesday. January 3. 1J)O5.
OKORGF TOURNY. Secretary.
STUTVERIHO AXTS STAMMESIKO. '
EXPANilON OF~MElS6uTtNE" SCHOOLS^ |
■ Downtown. 621 Franklin, near McAllister. S
to 12. Open-air school. 810 Diamond St.; teL ,
Capp 5173: 1 to 5 p. m. Detail* at either.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday :
Isidore Tor>ini. 47, 542 Green street, and !
Oterlna iti.'zi, S3. 424 Greenwjcn street.
Hermann W. Floeg-1, 31, 1342 Turk street, '
anci Josephine Welermann. 34. 2017 Webster, j
Walter A. Mclnerner. 25, 0G5 Ellis street,
et.c Frances Van <3e Grift. 22. 242 Turk street, i
Charles a. Brown. <U. Woodland, and Nan-
Bit C S!>riner. 4'.*, 517 McAllister street.
M f-i^icict Mar.tle, 22. 2343 Larkin street. I
SJ-a Lynden C. White. 20, 1456 Jackson street.
William F. French. 22. 37ti Corbett avenue,
aiifi Mar; A. Daley, 20. 76 Manchester street.
Adclph Fox, 23, 11 Germania avenue, and j
Annie Grontr. 21. 3033 Pine street.
David M. Epp Jr., 27. Spokane. Wash., and j
Jiitin!* Cook. 19, Spokane, Wash. '.
Moore Brlggs, 73, San Jose, and Sarah V. j
Conkling. 61, 2S30 P!ne street.
John G. Payne. 2«. 60S Jcnes street, and 1
Cam ilie A. Knopf. 21. S71 Shotwell street.
RcKtrund Henrmann. 21, 731 Capp street, j
and Flora Loeb. 18, 2154 Sutler street.
Benjamin F. Biackwell. 57. Oakland, and I
Fannie S. Morgan. 47. 552 Ellis street.
EIBTHS-MARBIAGESr-DEAM*
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by !
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed ;
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
son* authorized to have the same published. J
Notices restricted simply to the announcement ]
of the event are published once in this column
free of charge. - i
BORX. ■— " —
DIERKS — la this city. December C, 1904, to
the wife of Henry Dlerka. a daughter.
MARRIED.
ANDERSON— DARLING— In Berkeley. De- I
cumber 28, lfMM. by the Rev. George D. B. !
8tewart of Ukiah, James Anderson of Fresno
and Margaret Darling of Berkeley. :
HECKMANN— LEDDEN— In this city. De- !
cember 25. 1904 by the Rev. Father Pren- ■
dergast. F. W. Heckmann of San Francisco i
and Misa G. M. Ledden of St. Louis. Mo. j
DIED. j
Bernhardt. Cnas.P.— 54 |Nclan, James— 53. ;
Boole, Barbara A. O'Connell. Edmond— 17 j
t-ArrolI. Thos. F.— 50. Petersen. Christian— €1 !
Connolly, Mar)- 76. Phelon. Wm. P— 70
Gerrlteen, Anna— 73. Quinn.Christlna M.— 28 |
Grata. Annie K.— 23. Regan Sadie I. !
Haley. Cchn— 31. Sarrallle. Peter— 60.
Harris, Sarah— 54. Schmidt. Susan— 62.
Hogan, Mary— "4. -Scully (infant).
Horgan, John. Shaffer, Wm. E.— 30.
Jacobs, Sarah— SB. Smith, Jane — SO.
Kelly, Mary F. — 63. Steiner, Julia.
Kemble, William— 7C. Swanlgan. Rosetta— 51 j
Mendizabal. Merce- , Trask Samuel D 54.
de*— 58. Williams. Capt. Ed-
ilatot. Angellque— SS. vard A- — Ca.
Mcran. Catherine — 60. ■
BERNHARDT— In this city. December 28
JWH. Charles P.. beloved liurbar.d of Kath-
e^ine Bernhardt, and father of William, Ed-
ward. Gecrse and Gertru'le Bernhardt. a
native of Germany, aged 54 years. 11 month*
and 28 days. <San Jose par>ers please copy.)
E7Fr!ends and acquaintances are respect- !
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday, '
IJecember 31. at 1 p. m.. from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2475 MlftlOR street, near Twenty-first,
Interment Cypres Lawn Cemetery.
BOOLE— In St. Loul*. December 25. 1904.
Barbara A, Boole, wi.'e cf the late William I
A. Boole.
C7"Funeral from the residence of her son.
"■in. Clay street, between Laurel and Wal-
nut. Saturday, December 31, at 2:30 p. m.
Interment iirivate.
CARROLL — In this city. December 29, 1904.
Thomas F., beloved husband of Alice Car-
, roll. an<5 ann of the late Michael and Ann
t^uTOll, and brother of Joseph D.. Michael
and Kertn Carroll, Mrs. Mary Doran and
the late James Carroll, a native of New
York City, aged 50 years 7 months and 21
•lays. (New York papers please copy.)
ETFriends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 a. ro.. from the parlors
of the United Undertakers, 8C6 Mission
'treet, between Fourth and Fifth thence to
St. Rose's Church, where a requiem high
mam will be celebrated for the repose of hl»
foul, commencing at 9 a. m. Interment
Holy Croc*) Cemetery.
CONNOLLY— In thU city, December 2S. 1904
at her residence, 615 Hickory avenue Mary
widow of the late Michael Connolly a na-
tive of Drlnegb, County Cork. Ireland, aged
C7 Notice of funeral, hereafter.
GCRR1TEEN— In this city. December 27. 1904.
Anna Gerrttsen (nee Wessenberg). dearly be-
loved mother cf D. W. Wetsenberg and Mn
William J. Pedaa. a native of Helgoland!
tiffed 73 years. ■ ■ . .
e7Frlends are recpectf ully Jnvlted to '" at-
t«nd the funeral services today (IWOay),
at 1 p. m.. at her late residence, 4163 Twen-
tieth street. Interment private.
GRASS — In this city. December 27. 1904.
Annie K.. beloved wife of Richard B. Grass,
and mother of Claressa Grass, and sister of
Mrs. Maggie McAdoo a native of Kelti-
maugh. County Mayo, Ireland, aged 23 years.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 8:30 a. in., from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co., 1239 Market street, near
Ninth, thence to Et. James Church, where a
solemn high macs will be celebrated for the
repoee of her soul, commencing at 9 "a. . m-
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HALEY— In this city, December 29, 1904,
John Haley, beloved son of the late Thomas
and Catherine Haley, and brother of Mrs.
F. Alott and Daniel. Thomas and Michael
Haley, a native of San FrancUco, aged 31
M-arw.
HARRIS— In this city. December 28, 1904.
Sarah, beloved wife of Herbert Harris, and
mother of Reginald. Mabel. Norman and
Edith Harris, and eleter of Miss Jane A.
Smith, a native of England, aged 54 years
and 9 days.
HOGAN— In this city. December 28. 1904,
Mary, beloved wife of Edward Horan. a
native of the parish of Grange, County Tlp-
pe IS£L.\ Ireland ' »-B*<l 7* years.
ETTht funeral will take place to-day
(Friday), at 8:30 a. in., from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Brendan's Church, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the rei>os« of her s;ul at 9 a, m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
HORGAN- In thla city. December 28, 1904,
John Horran. beloved husband of th« late
Ellen Horgan. a native of County Kerry,
Ireland.
ET Friends and actual at acces ar« respect-
fully Invited to attend (he funeral to-dajr
(Friday), at 9 a. m.. from bis late residence,
604 Point Lobes avenue, thence to Holy
Croes Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repoee of his soul,
commencing at 9:30 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
JACOBS— In this city. December 28, 1904,
Sarah, beloved wife of the late Jacob Jacobs,
and dearly beloved mother qX Jake. Joe,
Mrs. B. Jacobs, Al and the late Benjamin
Jacobs, a native of Stranbunr, Gtrmany,
aged 88 years. (New York and Brooklyn
1 papers please oopy.)
EJ"Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday). December 30, at 10 a. m.. from the
residence of her daughter. Mrs. B. Jacobs.
1615 Post street, thence by electric funeral
oar to New Salem Cemetery for Interment,
leaving Eighteenth and Guerrero streets at
i 11:15 a. m. shars. Please omit flowers.
' KELLY — In Oakland. December 20, 1904,
Mar}' France*, beloved wife of William
Kelly, and mother of Mrs. Ella Earl. Mra.
M. Nolan and Tlllie C. Willie E. and the
! late Richard J. Kelly, a native of Ireland,
sjted €3 years 9 months and 12 days.
KEMBLE— In Oakland. December 28 1904.
William Kemble. beloved father of Thomas
R. Kemble cf Berkeley. Cal.. a native of
England, aged 76 years 3 months and 2 days.
(Honolulu papers please copy.)
: CTTTiendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to atend the funeral service*
to-day (Friday). December 30. at 1 o. m..
at t»>e residence of Jame» Taylor. 1211 Clay
, street, between Fourteenth and Fifteenth.
Oakland.
MATOT— In this city. December 28. 1904, at
her residence. 172 Julian avenne. Angellqua
D. Matot. beloved mother of Mrs. J. P.
Seal. Mra. A. B. Whittier. Mrs. A. L.
Casavaw. Mrs. Ewa Murray and E. L. and
J. Matot. and crandmother of George A. ,
Eeal, a native of Canada, aged SS year* 8
months and 11 days.
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Saturday.
December 81. at 10 a. m., from the parlors
of Porter A White. 428 Golden Gate avenue.
> Interment Cynreas Lawn Cemetery, via elec-
tric funeral car from Eighteenth and Guer-
rero streets.
MENDIZABAL— In San Jose. December 28,
l!>04. Mercedes Mendizabal, beloved mother
of 1. J.. J. B. and Isabel Mendizabal, a
native of Mexico, aced 58 years.
MORAN — In this city. December 28. 19O4.
Catherine, beloved wife of the late Michael
Mor&n, and mother of John. Thcmas, Mar-
garet and Mair Moran and Mrs. E. J.
Lunny, and stEter of Bridget Kelly, a native
of County Rcecommon, Ireland, agod CO j
year*. I
ICT'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday.), at 9:30 a. m.. from her late resi-
dence. 2S1 ShiDley street, thence to 8t.
Patrick's Church, where a requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
NOLAN— In the City and County Hoepital,
December 2», 1904. James Nolan, a native
of New York, ared 53 years.
O'CONNELL— In this city, December 27. 1904.
Edmond J.. beloved son of Jane and the late
John E. O'Connell. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 17 years 5 months and 7 days.
&y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
< Friday), at S:30 a. m.. from his late resi-
dence. 28 Klaaling street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his
poul. commencinit at 9 a. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
PETERSEN— In this city, December 29, 1904,
Christian A., beloved husband of Caroline
Petersen, and father of Stella. Minnie and
Adolph Petersen, a native of Insel Fohr,
Holstein. Germany, and late of Modesto
Cal.. aged til years and 11 days.
PHELON— In this city, December 29. 1904,
Will'am Pike Phelon. beloved father of
William A. Phelon, a native of England,
aged 70 years 3 months and 1 day.
QUINN— In thla city, December 28 1904,
Christina M., beloved wife of the late
..athaniol P. Quinn. and beloved daughter I
of James and Catherine Mitchell, and sister
of John D.. Arthur F. and George G.
Mitchell, and niece of Arthur J. Nagle, a
native of San Francisco, aged 28 years 8
months and 2 days. A member of Dolores
Institute No. 7, Young Ladles' Institute.
(CfFrlenils are respectfully invited to at-
tend the- funeral to-day (Friday), at 8:30 I
a. m.. from the parlors of the United Under- j
takers. 8B6 Mtreion- street, between Fourth
and Fifth, thence to St. Patrick'* Church,
where a requiem hlch mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery-
REGAN— In this city. December 29 1904,
Sadie I., beloved sister of Carrie Regan, a
native of San Francisco.
ET-Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral Saturday. December 31
from her late residence. 1412 Hyde street
thence to St. Brigid's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 9*30
a. m. Interment private. Holy Cross Ceme-
i tery.
• SARRAILLE — In this city, December 28 1904
Peter Saft-rallle, dearly beloved husband of
Catherine Sarraille, beloved son of the late
Pierre and Jeanne Sarraille of France, and
father cf Michael J. and Adolph J. Sarraille
Mns. Frank Trucco and Mrs. E. Malatesta,
: ard brother of John and Babtlste Sarraille
s Bartholon-.eo Sarraillc and Mrs. Pierre Kodl-
gon of, France and Mrs. Louis Breschoux
and ilrv August Pontacq of Oakland and
the late Mr». J. B. S'.bers of San Jose, and
bruther-ln-law of Michael Cuneo and the
late Mrs. Louisa Splnettl. also Mrs. Victoria !
i Fplni'ttl of New York and the late Mrs. Roge
i Qinoo of Italy, a native of France, aged 60
i years 5 months and 17 days. . ;
'■. (CT Friends and acquaintances are respect- i
: fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
: December 31. at 10 a. in., from his late resi-
dence. 5155 Bay Btrc«t. thence to Notre Dame
i ties Vlctolres (French) Church, where a re-
' quicm high mass will he celebrated for the
! i-cpcse of his soul, commencing at 11 a, m . !
thence from 423 Broadway at 1 p. m. for 1
Italian Cemetery. .
SCHMIDT— In Arbuckle. Colusa County.
December 27, 1904, Susan, beloved wife of
: Conrad Schmidt, and mother of Henry, Fred
and Albert Kaufmann and Mrs. Emily
Kvans. and sister of Mrs. Otto Fauss and
Mrs. Conrad Ruppcl, a rathe of Hesse-
Danrctadt, Germany, aged tJ2 years 4 months
and!) Uayt.
CyFriends and acquaintances are retpect-
f ully invlt«il to attend the • funeral ■ to-day
(Friday). December 30. at 1 p. m.. from the
l>nrlors cf H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission
street, betweeen Seventh and Eighth. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
SCULLY— In this city, December 29, 1904,
. . infant son of Patrick and Mary Scully, a
native of Can Francis ;o.
; EH AFTER— In this city. December 29, 1004,
William . E. Shaffer, beloved son of Edwin
P. Shaffer, a native of Kansas, aged 30
years 1 mouth and 23 days.
SMITH— In thin city. December 29. 1004.
Jane Smith, beloved mother of Mrs. N.
KeesMn and Mathew James and Edward
Smith, and slater of Mrs. Rodger McGlllln
and Mies Bella McPhylomy, a .native of
County Tyrone, Ireland, aged 80 years.
EyRemains at the parlors of Carew &
Engllrh, 29 Van Ness avenue.
STEINER— In this city. Jbecember 29. 1904.
Julia, beloved wife of Leopold Stelner, and
mother of Tillie, Sigmund and Sadie Stelner
and Annie Goodfriend, a native of Bavaria.
SWANIGAN— In this city, December 29,1904,'
Rosetta 8wanigan, beloved mother of Jesse,
HbNRY J. CALLACH^rf CO.
(Successors to Flannagan A Gallagher). .
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 ■ Fifth st., opposite Lincoln . School.
Telephone • South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
Funeral Directors and Embalmers- — —
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple,
NOW at 8t6 MISSION. Tel. South 167.
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth at.
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rate*.
James McGinn.' - Henry H arisen. *
JAMES McGINN & CO.. ,
Formerly With McGinn Bros.-.
. Funeral Directors and Embalmers
214 Eddy st. Tel. East 86. ■-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 30, 1004.
Howard. Alfred. Willie. Nora and Nanette
Bwanlgan. Mrs. Fortinee and Mrs. Monlque.
a native of Woodvllle, Miss., aged 51 years.
TRASK— In this city. December 29. 1904,
Samuel Dennis, beloved husband of Maria
Trask. and father of Jessie, Samuel and
Estelle Trask, Mrs. R. M. Graham and Mrs.
J. Eabree, a native of Maine, aged 64 years
7 months and 28 days.
07 Remains at the mortuary chapel of
the Golden Gate Undertaking Company,
2475 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
WILLIAMS — In Alameda, December 29. 1904.
Captain Edward A. Williams, beloved hus-
band of Mary E. Williams, and father of
Mre. John A. Samson and Mrs. Stanley
Howard-Head, a native of Boston. Mass.,
aged 69 years 9 months and 27 days.
fETNotiee of funeral hereafter.
RAILROAD OFFICIALS AND
OTHERS AT FESTIVE BOARD
Banquet Tendered to Patrick Kindelon
on Promotion as Chief Special
Agent of Southern Pacific
A banquet was given to Patrick Kin
delon by his friends at a downtown
restaurant last evening on the occa
sion of his appointment as chief special
agent of the Southern Pacific Company
in succession to C. C. Crowley. About
fifty were present, including: Police
Judges, members of the city govern
ment, fellow officials of the Southern
Pacific Company and others.
After the dinner W. J. Hardy, agent
in the local freight office of the South
ern Pacific, acted as toastmaster. He
called upon Attorney Frank P. Kelly,
who spoke in praise of the guest of the
evening, calling him as one of the
greatest and most successful detectives
in the United States and an honest
man. Judge Conlan presented to' the
guest a handsome gold badge with a
diamond in the center as a token of the
love and esteem of his friends and their
congratulations on his promotion.
Congratulatory speeches were also
delivered by Fred Salter, general yard
master of the Southern Pacific; Polioe
Captain Anderson; Michael Casey,
Commissioner of Public Works; Police
Judges Fritz and Cabaniss, Detective
Sergeant T. L>. Ryan, Detective Peter
Lewin erf the Southern Pacific and
others.
BOARD ELECTS TEACHER
AND ACCEPTS RESIGNATION
Miss Kate Elliott Asks to Be Retired
and Other Pedajcoerues Are
Granted Leaves.
The Board of Education yesterday
elected Mrs. Nellie E. Carson a regu
lar teacher in the evening school de
partment and assigned her to the Lin
coln Evening SchooL
The resignation. of Miss Kate Elliott
aa a teacher in the department was ac
cepted, subject to the favorable action
of the annuity and retirement com
mittee. : -;,■-'
Miss Nettie Roth was transferred
from the Commercial School to the
Girls' High School, vice Miss Elliott,
to take effect January 16, 1905, and/
subject to Miss Elliott's retirement. '
"Miss R. Kurlandzik was transferred
from the Spring Valley Grammar
School to the Haight Primary School,
vice Miss A. M. Loehr, transferred to
the Spring Valley School.
Leaves of absence were granted to
Misses A. E. Hucks, Sarah Macauley,
Kate Haggerty/ Florence Backman,
Augusta Zabel, Rose Prince, Rachel
Meyer and William C. Wood, teachers
in the department.
The board adopted a resolution ex
pressing its opposition to the proposed
recession of the Yosemite Valley to
the Federal Government.
AXXUAL DELIBERATION'S
OF SCHOLARS. TERMINATE
Philological Association Hag. Pro
gramme of Strong Papers on
Last Day of 3Ieeting. \
The sixth annual meeting of the
Philological Association of the Pa
cific Coast was brought to a termin
ation yesterday. The following able
papers were on the programme:
Professor K. B. Clapp. University of Califor
nia—"The Correptlon of Diphthongs and Long
vowels in Hiatus In Greek Hexameter "Po
etry."
Professor J. Elmore,. Leland Stanford Junior
University — "Notes on Horace. Bat. I. 6 126.
and AristoDhane*, Peace 090."
Professor H. R. Falrclough, Leland Stanford
Junior University — "A Study of the Forms of
Interrogative Thought in Plato"
Professor O M. Johnston, Leland Stanford
Junior University — "Sources of the Lay of
Yonec."
Dr. J. W. Basore. University of California —
"Direct Speech in Lucan as an Element of
Ej>lc Technic."
Professor J. E. Matzke, Leland Stanford Ju
nior University — "Examplea of French as
Spoken by Englishmen In Old French Litera
ture."
Professor J. E. Church Jr., University of Ne
vada—"Old Problems In Horace and Virgil."
Profeesor H. W. Preecott. University of Cali
fornia — "The Name of the Slave in Plautus'
Aulularla."
PERSONAL.
Dr. C. W. Aby of San Jose is at the
Lick.
J. L. Gillis of Sacramento is at th«
Occidental.
Dr. Nat Greene of Watsonville is at
the Grand.
' N. J. Stewart of San Jose is at the
Occidental.
Dr. and Mrs. S. I. Darrin of Portland
are at the Palace. \
Judge S. Solon Holl of Sacramento Is
registered at the Grand.
E. O. Gerbeidlng of Hueneme arrived
at the Oceidc-ntal yesterday.
J. S. Torrance, a well-known resident
of Los Angeles, is at the St. Francis.
Joseph B. Treadwell, a mining man
of Nevada City, is staying at the Lick.
J. E. Stubbs, president of the Nevada
State University at Reno, is at the
Palace.
■ F. W. Swanton, one of Santa Cruz's
enterprising citizens, is -staying at the
Palace.
Joseph Blume, a New York book
maker, arrived at the St. Francis yes
terday.
W. E. Sharon, the well-known Corn
stock mine operator, and his wife are
registered at the Palace.
L. R. Vance, who is connected with
the construction , department at Mare
Island, is at the Occidental.
Among the latest'arrivals at the Pal
ace is F. S. Morris, banker and street
railway magnate of Portland.
Ellwood Cooper, the well known olive
grower of Southern California, was
among yesterday's arrivals at the Lick.
S. A. Peik'ns of Tacoma, publisher of
the Tr.coma Ledger and several other
newspapers in the Northwesr, is at the
Palace with his family on his way to
Santa Barbara to spend the winter.
Californlans in New York.
NEW YORK, Dec. 29.— The follow
ing Californlans are In New York:
From San Francisco — M. Bormet, at
the Union Square, and J. Flood, at -the
Hot«4 Astor. •'--■;">
Company A to Make Merry.
Company A' of the Irish Volunteers
will hold Its thirteenth annual ball
at Native Sons' Hall to-morrow, nlghtl
The old year will be danced: out and
the new one In by members ? of,: the
Gaelic Dancing Club. An imposing
feature: of the .entertainment^ will -be
a guard mount by the'eompany in ; full
uniform. *. Following j are those i 'In
charge : Sergeant T. J. O'Sheai .'Lieu
tenant .T. M. McNaboe. Sergeant iT.-LiV
Mahoney, Corporal" Thomas ; Shaugh
nessy, A. O'Leary, P.- Murphy and
James Daley. * •;., .-;. \ :
The pessimist • gets a heap of : satis
faction from talking about hard j times.
BIG SHIPS
AT MERCY
OF WAVES
Oil Steamship Goes Ashore
Off Cape Hatteras and for
Thirty-Six Hours ller Crew
Is Exposed to Gale's Fury
HESCUED BY HEROIC
GUARDIANS OF COAST
Drumelzier Abandoned as a
Total Wreck by Captain and
Few Men Who Stuck to Ves^
sel in Hope of Saving Her
NORFOLK, Va., Dec 29.— After be
ing imprisoned on the wrecked . oil
steamship Northeastern nine miles off
Cape Hatteras for thirty-six hours,
Captain Wilder and his crew of twen
ty-one men were . taken ashore at noon
to-day by the crews of Klnnakeet,
Creeds Hill and Hatteras life-saving
stations. The big steamship is pound
ing on Diamond Shoals under a terrific
sea, and the crew say she will be a
total loss.
In a bewildering fog Tuesday night
the Northeastern, on her way up the
coast from Port Arthur, Tex., to New
York with a cargo of crude petroleum,
shoved her prow Into the deadly sand
off Hatteras and was fast , in the
clutches of the graveyard of shipping
before her crew realized what had hap
pened.
This was at 11 o'clock, and before
daylight had come the gale that had
swept over the country from the Mid
dle West had struck the sea and waves
were crashing over the helpless vessel
Incessantly. The lorce of the wind and
tide threw her on her port beam and
the flood of water extinguished her
fires before her inflammable cargo
could become ignited. Had this not
been the case the twenty-two men
aboard the Northeastern would have
met a horrible fate.
When morning dawned the wreck
was sighted by life-savers and the
weather observers at Hatteras. She was
nine miles off shore and the water be
tween was a seething mass of moun
tainous waves. The crews of the Creeds
Hill and Klnnakeet life-saving stations
were summoned, and this morning the
life-savers began their attempts to get
a boat through the heavy seas.
BATTLE WITH BREAKERS.
After a three hours' struggle at 9
o'clock three lifeboats were safely
across the' breakers and battling with
the outside seas on their way to the
steamer.
When the stirfmen reached the wreck
they were confronted with a problem of
great danger and difficulty. The sea,
although It had subsided to some ex
tent, was still in an angry mood, and
the little lifeboats were being | tossed
like cockle shells about the helpless
mass of steel. Lines were finally strung
between the boats and the. Northeast
ern and after much trouble every man
was taken from the vessel in safety.
More than six hours were consumed
before the first of the boats reached
shore again.
The Northeastern is an ocean-going
steamship built/ of steel in Chicago in
1901, and is owned by C. Counselman of
Cincinnati.
NEW YORK, Dec. 29.— With her sig
nals of distress and her half-masted
ensign still flying, the steamship Drum
elzier was abandoned to-night as a to
tal wreck by her captain and a dozen of
the ship's crew were taken off the craft
and landed on Oak Island by the crew
of the Fire Island and Oak Island life
saving stations. Early in the day eight
een men of the crew were taken off
the stranded steamship by the surfboat
of the Sandy Hook station which was
towed down to the scene. .
The men were brought to this city
later on a tug.
LAST TO LEAVE SHIP.
Captain Nicholson, Chief Engineer
Wood and a number of officers and
crew decided to remain on board until
officially notified that the vessel had
been placed in the hands of the wreck
ing company, in order to obviate any
claim for salvage* on the derelict. .
At 4:30 o'clock in the afternoon the
captain decjded that it was unwise to
remain longer on the ship which was
being terribly buffeted by the heavy
seas and asked immediate rescue from
the crews of the nearby stations, who
at once responded to ,his r signals and
after a hard struggle the men were
taken off and landed at Oak Island. '
The rescue of the men on the Drum
elzier was hazardous in the extreme
and was attended by many thrilling in
cidents. ' -
HAVRE, Dec. 29.— The British steam
er Angrlo-Chilean, from Pensacola, via
Newport News, which arrived here yes
terday with Captain Nelson, his wife
and five members of the crew of the
American schooner, W. R. Chester', on
board, reports having rescued them In
midocean when the Chester was sink
ing after having encountered a four
days' storm. Captain Nelson set fire
to the schooner before abandoning her.
The American Consul here will send
the rescued persons home.
SHIP'S NARROW ESCAPE.
Disabled Steanic r Puritan Towed to
Port by Three Vessels.
NEW LONDON, Conn., Dec. 29.—
The steamer Puritan of the Fall River
line was disabled early to-day while
off Pleasant View, R. I., by the break
ing: of her paddle wheel. The steamer
was cbmpelled to stop and, drifting
inshore, came to anchoix Three steam
ers answered the signals ' of distress
and stood by/until daylight. Later
the Puritan was towed to this port
After^an examination Captain Chase
decided to make repairs and continue
the trip to New York. There were
400 passengers on the disabled' vessel,
of which 100 landed here, the remain
der deciding, to continue the triD on
the Puritan. ,
There was no excitement aboard the
vessel at the time of the accident.
LECTURE FOR UNITY CADETS.—Ala
meda. Dec. 29.— R. H. Kranz will lecture" be
fore the Boys' Unity "■ Cadets of the Unitarian
Church to-morrow night on '.'How to Be Mas
ter of Your Body." This will be the first of a
series of addresses to be given under the man
agement of the organization during the winter
season.' .'.■..■ . «• . ■:■.-.
HANDY ANDY,
/ THE MAN OF GOOD
INTENTIONS.
His Hair Tonic, at Least, Proves
a Pronounced Success.
IN NEXT! SUNDAY'S
COMIC ■ SECTION.
TWO ASPIRANTS
WELL IN FRONT
Bard and Flint Display Ac
tivity in the Contest
for Seat in the Senate
EUEF AND JOHN DALY
Fail life of the South to Unite
May Lead to Candidacy
of Judge John F. Davis
The ranks of visiting statesmen in
San Francisco were materially rein
forced yesterday by the arrival of State
Senators and Assemblymen. Many, of
the legislators visited Bard headquar
ters In the Mutual Savings Bank build
ing and Flint headquarters, room 262,
Palace Hotel. It is the talk of poli
ticians that Bard and Flint will be the
leaders on the early balloting for the
Senatorshlp. Bard's leading support
ers have advised the Senator that he
ought to come to Sacramento. It is
said that Flint will have a legion of
boomers at the State capital next week.
As Congress meets again on January 4,
Senator- Bard may be constrained by
a sense of public duty to deny himself
the pleasure of visiting. Sacramento
while the Legislature is in session.
Inside comment on the Senatorial sit
uation is to the effect that the "or
ganization" has resolved to keep hands
off the contest. It is known that
strong, but unavailing, pressure has
been exerted to induce the Southern
Pacific railroad people to declare op
position to the re-election of Senator
Bard.
• Many members of the Legislature
will arrive in San Francisco to-day
and a number, if not a majority, will
leave here for Sacramento to-morrow
evening. Bard headquarters at the
Capitol Hotel and Flint headquarters
at the Golden Eagle will be opened to
morrow night
Governor Pardee returned to the
State capital yesterday. The assertion
is made by his friends that he is taking
no part whatever in the Senatorial
contest. General George Stone, chair
man of the Republican State Central
Committee, is also said to be dwelling
in the neutral zone.
The prediction is made by United
Republican Leaguers that A. Ruef will
receive eighteen votes for United States
Senator. It is claimed that he will be
supported on several ballots by Sena
tors Nelson, Markey, Bunkers, Wolfe,
Bauer, French and Keene and by As
semblymen Atkinson, Anthony, Beck
ett, Cullen, Lucey. McGowan, McNam
ara, Meincke, Mindham, Strohl and
Vogel.
Rumor goes that Senator Welch and
Assemblyman Treadwell will vote for
John D. Daly. Postmaster Arthur Fisk
will be supported by Senator Short
ridge and Assemblyman Jones.
Among the statesmen in the city are:
Senators Howard A. Broughton, Los
Angeles; John B. Irish, Sierra; C. B.
Greenwell, Santa Barbara; Assembly
men John A. Bliss, Alameda; F. A.
Cromwell, Sonoma; Ernest Weyand,
Colusa; Dr. W. F. Gates, Orovllle; E.
T. Manwell, Wheatland; W. D. L. Held,
Ukiah; B. M. Pyle, Santa Barbara, and
William H. Wickersham, San Pedro.
It Is generally conceded by the Re
publicans that some Senatorial candi
date residing In Southern California
should be chosen Senator, but failure
on the part of the southern representa
tives to agree may cause the introduc
tion of John F. Davis of Amador as a
candidate. . It is remarked that Davis'
superior attainments as a public man
would surely enlist the admiration of
the Legislature. Speaking of his pro
posed candidacy this comment was
made yesterday in the Palace court:
"Judge Davis is recognized everywhere
in California as a high class man. The
quality of his oratory and the char
acter of his utterances were an in
spiration to President Roosevelt when
the latter visited the Union League
Club in this city. Judge Davis, by rea
son of his' scholarly attainments and
his ability to impress his views upon
others, would command marked atten
tion in the United States Senate."
MONARCH, THE GRIZZLY,
IS ONCE AGAIN A PARENT
Last Accounts Say Mother' and Cub
Are Doing Well and Father
Is Delighted.
Born, to the wife of Monarch, the
park' grizzly, a cub. Mother and child
are doing well and the father is, biting
off chunks of the cage In his glee. The
little stranger evidently pleases both
parents, for Mr. and Mrs.' Monarch
were holding a small admiration so
ciety near him last night.
They held a late session, discussing
plans for the youngster's future. Out
siders were not wanted, as park at
taches discovered when they tried to
enter the cage with little comforts for
yesterday's arrival. Pa Monarch evi
dently objects to his offspring being fed
on condensed milk or anypatent prep
arations.
A cub born In the cage last year died
a few days after its birth. That one,
however, was a sickly looking speci
men, while the more recent arrival is a
husky miniature of Its pa. Perhaps that
is why the parent is so pleased over the
event.
JOHN SPYKIE CREMATED
IX HIS OWN " FARMHOUSE
Neighbor of Jonquln Miller Is Found
in Ruins, Burned Almost Be.
yond Recognition. .
OAKLAND, Dec. 29.— John Spykie, a
rancher living on Lincoln avenue
about; a mile and a half from 1 Fruit
vale: avenue, was burned to death in
his house to-night, and the buildings on
theranch were totally destroyed. The
origin of the fire is unknown, as the !
Spykie ranch is isolated and no one '
reached the place, until -.it was a mass !
of flames. j
■ After the fire had partly burned itself j
out the body of Spykie was found in
the ruins, burned beyond recognition.
As soon as the body • was found the
Coroner was notified,. but, owing to the
remote location of the ranch, the dep
uty; coroner could > not ' reach the place
to remove: the ; body, to-night.
Spykie's 'ranch- is located near the
home of Joaquin Miller. '
laATE SHIPPING INTEULIGENCEi
.' ISLAND PORT.
. HONOLULU— Arrived Dec 23— Stmr Ven
tura, hence Dec 23." ' '
; :. ; ' OCEAN STEAMER.
' QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Dec 29— Stmr
Cymric, from Boston, for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded.
— : ■ ♦ ■ .
GAMAGE SURRENDERS.— Jute C.'Gainage,
formerly manager of a collection agency. In this
city, and now of New York, surrendered him-'
self at. the Hair of Justice yesterday ' and was
' booked at the :.; City :■ Prison en - a charge , of
felony > embexilement. I He was released on his
own recognizance In open court by. Police Judge
Cabaniss after explaining that the complaining
■witness, ilV Polidcri, ; 1130 Folsom street,' could
have his money at any time,' as. he was anxious
to " return ,to New York. The , warrant was
■ sworn ," to • on .April ; 25. •; IB03, and it charged
Gamage with emhezxling $90 79, -'which he had
collected for Polldori on July 3, 1901.
HALES JUDGE
BEFORE COURT
Supreme Judges of Colorado
Take an Unusual Step in
the Election Fraud Cases
WRITS ARE DISMISSED
Plan to Unseat Governor-
Elect^Adams Will Be Op
posed by Some
DENVER, Dec 29. — For the first
time in the history of the State a
Judge of a District Court was com
pelled to-day to appear in person be
fore the Supreme Court of the State
and explain to that tribunal why he
had issued a writ of mandamus when
it was apparent that he was in error
in so doing. Judge Samuel L. Car
penter of the District Court was the
member of the bench served with tha
citation.
A solemn protest against the action
of the high court was entered by Judge
Carpenter, and he said that under tha
circumstances he believed that he had
authority to issue the writ of man
damus against the State Canvassing
Board to force that body to canvass
the returns made for Charles B. Warde
and Dr. Michael Beshoar. candidates
for the Senate on the Democratic ticket
from Boulder and Las Animas coun
ties, respectively. Being now advised
that the Supreme Court has decided
that District courts have no power to
issue such writs, the Judge says, "It
becomes obligatory upon this respond
ent, without order of this court, of his
own motion, to dismiss such proceed
ings."
Judge Carpenter was thereupon dis
charged by the Supreme Court, the
writs Issued by him were dismissed
and he was directed not to take any
further action, directly or indirectly,
in the matter.
Very few members of the Legisla
ture have arrived in the city, and
whether the plans of William G. Ev
ans and other Republican leaders to
reseat Governor James H. Peabody
will be adopted by a majority of tha
Republican members is still undecided.
Some Republican members known as
followers of former United States Sen
ator Edward O. Wolcott have declared
that while they do not contemplate a
union with the Democrats under any
consideration, they will oppose vigor
ously any plan for counting out
Adams.
Fourteen Indictments against Julius
Aichele, former County Clerk, were dis
missed by Judge William P. Seeds In
the District Court to-day on the ground
that two terms of court had passed and
the cases had not been called for trial.
Chief Justice Gabbert announced this
afternoon that the Supreme Court had
not found time to consider the petition
of Governor-elect Alva Adams to orjen
all the ballot boxes used in Denver at
the election and determine the extent
of the frauds. He added that a decision
might be given to-morrow.
By the action of the State Canvas
sing Board in issuing certificates of
election as Senators to Casimiro Ba
rela and Henry B. Millard. the Repub
licans have secured such absolute con
trol of the General Assembly that It is
now regarded in Democratic circles aa
highly probable that Governor James
H. Peabody will be reseated. The.Re
publicans plan to accomplish this by
throwing out the vote of all Demo
cratic wards of Denver and countinc
the votes of the Republican wards.
The Liberty League State Convention
adopted the following resolution to
day:
Resolved. That we denounce in unmeasured
terms the action of the Republican party . In
attempting: to override the plainly expressed
will of the people by arbitrarily throwing out
the returns from a large number of precincts,
to the end that the State Senate ir.ay be toade
eubaervlent to corporate jtreed. that the Su
preme Court may bt> packed and that James
H. Peabody. overwhelmingly repudiated at the
polls, may be . forced upon the people of this
State for another biennial period.
■ Another resolution declares that the elec
tion laws of Colorado are a farce and de
mands their revision.
Indians on Half Rations.
HELENA. Mont., Dec. 29. — Regis
trar Gordon of the United States Land
Office, Miles City, says that the re
ports of starvation among the North
ern Cheyenne Indians at Lame Deer
Agency are exaggerated. The Indians
have been on half rations a number of
years and every winter the whites
complain, as they do now, that the In
dians kill their stock.
I * T
TROUBLES OF THE FISH
FAMILY.
A little Look at the Real Inside
Home Life.
IN NEXT SUNDAY'S
COMIC SECTION.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
JCH1CAGO T .N 3 DAYS!
I LE AV ES DAICf *T S:3O A M. i
aWatliM lll'uilM l^> MSM^lTaU^^^A^A^^-m
Other Santa 7* Trai&a:
7:30 «. m.l
9:30 a. m.\ For Stockton Fresno. Bakersflald.
8:0O p. m.j Merced. Hanford and Vlsalla.
4:00 p. m. • For Stockton.
8:00 p. m. For Kansas City. Grand Canyon
and Chicago.
Ticket Offices— «41 Market st. and Ferry Depot
- San Francisco; also 1112 Broadway. Oak-
\ land. Cal.; also 27 South 1st. San Jca«.
H To SAN RAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc.
Via Sansalito Perry
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Francisco, dally, at 17-05.
7:45. 8:25. 9:10. 9:50. ll:C0a. m.; 12:20. l«
3:15. 4:35. B: 15. 5:60. 8:30. 7:15. 10:15 and
11:35' p. m.
Arrive at Ran Francisco dally, at t6*4O
7:85, 8:15, 8:50. 9:35, 10:50 a. m.; 12:10. 13o"
2:55. 4:25, 5:05, 5:42. 6:22, 6:57. 7:40 and 11:25
p. m.
tDaily except Sunday.
For Vatrfax dally,' at 7:45 a. m.: also Satur-
days at 3:15 p. m.. and daily except Saturday
and Sunday at 5:15 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
T:45 a. m. dally — Cazadero and way ttations.
3:15 p. m., Saturdays only — For Cazadero
etc' \' /."■■.
5:15 p. m. dally, except Saturday aad Sun-
day, for Tomalen, etc. - "nQMBMBcal
TICKET OFFICE— €50 Market st.
FERRY — Union Depot, foot " of Market St.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
#T*mt»s !••▼• aa>4 m <tmm
to arrive a t
BAN FRANCI3CO.
rxov OcrroBn at tioi
Fraar Dxrvt
fToot of Market Street.)
i.>«m - MAIN LINE. - a*m?
700a Vmcavlile. WiuUsr.. Kmusey.. Tso»
I 7.0flA Bentcia. Kltnirmand Sneramrnto.. T 2tt»
i 7 -30a Vallejo. Kapa. CalUSOB". Saau
i Kosa. Martinet. Saa Uainon a.jg.
I 1 Ma Miles, "Ctvj. Lataro»,*toc*ro«.... 7.29,,
ICOASbait* ExpreM— (Via DaTts). "~
! William*. WKlows, ifTJto, Ued
Bluff. Portland. Tacoma. Seattle j 53,
' S CCa Darts. WooUiand. £nlchit Landing,
• Mi»rjf<i»l!le. orovllle 7-53»
I 8-30* Martloex. AntUxih Uyroa. Tracy.
Stockton. N'">wni»n. Lo« Danoa,
Mead-la. Maarord.
VlaalU. ."onervllle 4.23»
•40a Port Cotta. llodtiu. Merced,
Fresno. <;o«L:n Junction, Haa-
i ford. Vlni!i nakanield 4 SO*
I 830 a Nile., San Jose. LlTermore. Stock-
; ton, (t Mil ton). »vne. SAcr»ment<x
! MarysTllle. Cbtco. Ue.1 RlnfC .... 4 20»
8 30a Oakdaie. Chlao«e. Jmn-stown. So-
nor*. Tnoliintii> and Ansel* «-2tJ»
! 9PCa Atlantic Kjcprea*— OftJcn and B««t. 5 20*
t30A Richmond. Martinez acd T7a»
i Stations »•• ■ !>0 *
i 1000a Til* Oterland LlrnUid — 'NTrtfra.
Omabi. Chtcitzo. Uvuvsr, Kan»a«
City, feu Loula - .222*
! 10.00a Valiejo_._ tZ29»
I IO.COa U>- Ana-elea Paiiencer — Port
Costa. Martinez. Dyroa. Tracy. •
I Latnrop. Stockton. Mereo4,
Kaymond. Fresno. Goshfn Jun*
I Won, Hanford. Lerooore, VlsatU. _ __
Barerafleld. Ix>a Anseies JzO»
1 t2.COM Dayward. Ntles aad Way Stations. 3 -20»
: IIOOp 6»rr»m»nto Ulver 9tcimtn. fli.3i<»
! S 40* Bealcls. Winter*. 8»cr»\neat»
Woodland. Kaivht* Landing.
1 MsryaTllle. OroTilla and way
stations _ 10-Sa»
I J-33*>Ha/war<I.I?U«san<!Way Stations.. 7.50*
i I 33p port Costa, Martinez. Bvroo. Tracy.
: Latbrop. Ptocktoa, Modesto.
• • Merced, Bereixla. Fresno and
> Way Stations bejoiMl Von. C«.»t» 12-23*
; 44J0PMartlae«,BaBRamon.ValleJo,JIap».
: CalUtcga. Santa Ro«a. .222*
1 400Pirtlea. Traey. Stockton 10.20a
4 40P Qayward. 2?iles. Irrlatrtoa. Saali tS.&OA
Jose. LlTermors > til. 60*
i 6-C0*Tbe Owl Limited— Se»n»D. hot
'. Banoa, Mendoi*. Frets.:*, Tulara,
Baxenfleld. Loi Angsles - 3-53*
I 19 30* Hayward, Mieaand ban Jom ..... 7.20%
IXOPllayward. Nlles and San Jom. a.Siis
> |J)0p Eaatero KZ)>rca»— Omaba.Chicartt,
Dfcnrsr. kansa« City. 6t. Louis,
Mirilnei. Stockton. S«cram«nw.
Col fax. Reno. apari». Mod icUol
--„ Oadea :?.58»
■ S.80r Vallelo. dally, except ftuaday... . 1 ■» Rnm
■ 7-00* Vallejo, Sunday «nly ( '• 5a *
i 7-00* ttlchntond. n%n Pablo, Pom Costa,
Martinez and Way Stations ii.2Hfc
I 940* Beno Paaaenger — Port Coita. B«>
nlcta. Sutsan. Elmlra. Ulioa.
Davis. Sacramento, Spark*. Too.*
j . pah, Keeier and War Station*... /.3C*
%I5p Oregon * California Kzpre»—9a««
1 ntmeoto. Maryavllle. Redrilog.
■ Portland. Taxes Sound nad K»«t. 350*
i J.10* Bayward, Kllea aad Baa Jo»e (Sua-
I day only) 11-604
: COAST Li N E (>arr«w (.».<•).
(Foot of Maritet Street.) m
■•IKa Newark. OenterTUle. 8aa Jo»a>
Foltoa. Boulder Creek. Saata
Cni and Way Stations S 5i*
I tt-1lr Newark. Centerrllle, Saa Jos«,
New Almaden. Loa 6nto«.Feltoa,
i Boulder Crxclc, Banu Crm aad
Principal Way Statlooi ttO-59*.
I 4. 16* Newark. Saa Jose. Lo* Gato.... j
•4-30* Banters' Train 'Saturday talyy—
, Kan Jone and Way Station* {7-2S*
| COA^T LINE <Kr«a«i (.aaa-a).
. I3T" ( tUIrd ami l»wn»and 8tr«eU.)
8-10 A San Joic >o.l Way Station*. J-33*
/.00a San Jo«e and Way Htationa B 40*
• 1.00a New Almaden (Tnes.. Frtd.. cn?7). 4-13#
t-OOATne Coaitrr— San Jose. Sallnaa.
San Ardo, Paso P.ohle*. 8anu>
Marirarlia. San Lais ObUp*.
Oa&dsiape, GaTlota. Saata B*r-
I fcara, San Buenarentnra, Mo»
I talro. Oxnard. Borbaak. Los
■ Angeles l3-33*>
•430a Ollroy, Hollliter, Caatrovtlle. Del
Monte. Pact 0e Crore, Surf, Lonv
1 poo 10.30*
: 8.C0A San Joie. Tret P]noa,'Wat«onTl!la,
Cspltota. Sauu Crus, Pnclft*
GroTe. BaHnaa. San Lnlt ObUpo
and Prtnclp-* Way Statloa*. , — 4-11»
■ 10- 3Da S»n Jote »nd "Wiy Statloni.. ....... 1.23»
J 11 20a San Joae ao4 Way Stailoaa....^^ 7. 30*
2-ISp San Jose and Way Station* ... .... 8 3£*
• X0p Del Monte Kzprew— Santa Clara,
Ean Jote. ffnuonrlile. Santa
Cruz. Del Monte. SXon :«ref,
Pacl3c Grove \9 f«a>
tJ.OOp Los Gstoa. Wright. Bonlder Creek.
6anta Cruz. Tta Santa Clara and
Narrow Gaoire t10.4E*
I-SOp Valencia St., Souti San Francisco,
Burltngame. San Jo*e. GUroy,
Holllster. Tres Plnoa If) 4ia
4-SO* Pan Jose and Way Station*... tB DCU
♦643OP Santa Clara, ban Jose. Loa Gatos,
, . .aad principal VTajr Station* (ez-
ceps Sunday) 19.00a
16-30p tan Jote and Princlpalirar Stations ja.4a»
• 4f p Baoiet Express.— lied wood. Saa
Jo«e,GUroy.Sallna«.Pa*o Koblea,
San Luis Oblspo. Santa Barbara,
Loa Angele*. nenlng. Kl P*»o.
et.Loats, Sew Orleaa %, KewTork 1 1 da
••45* Pajaro. WataonTUle, Capitols, .',
eanta Cruz. CaitroTllla. Del *
Wonte. Pacific Grove 10-JO*
1t.1l* t«u «lateo,Bere«ford,Belmont.8aa
Carlo*. Iteitwood. Fair Oaks,
MenloPark. Palo Alto M . tS-48*
S 30 p San Jwr and Way Stations. 8.33a
• COp Palo Alto and Way Statlona....... 10. IS*
11 .d0* South San Francisco. Mnibrae. Bur-
"Bgame. ban Mateo, Belmont.
fcm Carlos, Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Menio Park, aad Palo Alto mii.
■11X0* Mariield. Mountain View. Suaaj^ '"•*»*
! vale, Lawrence. iJaata Clara aad
San Jose f^ ||y
A for Morning. P for Afteroooa.
1 tanda? excep te<t t Snnday only
- « Saturday «nly. » Monday cmUt-
t£ioD» at aa atatloaa oa Sunday^
CALIFORNIA NORTSVESTERN RY. CO.
Tiburon Ttrrr, Toot of BZaxkat Stredt.
BAN PRANCISCO TO SAN BATAXX*
WEEK DAYS— 7:jO, 0:00. 11:00 a. m. ; 12:.a,
8:30. B:1O. 8:3O p. m. Thursdays — Extra. tri»
at 11:30 p. m.
I Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8 :C0. J>:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
I 5:00. 0:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAX SATAZL TO SAX FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS — 6:05, 7:33, 7:50. 9:20, 11:13.
a. m.; 12:50. 3:40. 3:0©. 3:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:Co and b:33 p m.
SUNDAYS— 8 :C0. 9:40, 11:13 a. m.: 1:JO. 3:«3l
4:05, 3:05, <t:25 p. m. ~\
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
Ban Fran. | Oct. 2. 1901. | San Fran.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- ] U'eelc
Days. I days. | \ tion. | days. | Days.
7:30 a 8:C0a 9:10 al 8:4O~ak
0:30a Ignacl*. 10:40ailO:20«,
3:30p 3-3Op 6:05p| «:20»
5:10p 3:00 p 7:85 p{
7:30 a 0:10 aj 8:(oii
8:C0a Novato. 10:40 a 10:Zl>*
3:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:0." p 6:20 9
6:10 y 3:50 p and 7:33 p
8:00 p Santa Rosa. |
7:30 a 10:40 a;i0:^>i
8:00 a Fultcn. 7:33 p ti:20p
3:30 p 3:30 p |
Windsor. ' I
7:80 a 8:00 a Healdsburs, 10:40 a 10:20 •
Lytton. - j
3:30 p 3:30 p Geyservllle. 7:33 pi «:20p
Cloverdalo. ■ |
7:30 al 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 allO:2o"»
3:::0p] 3:30p| and Ukiah. | 7:35 pj 6:1*0 p
| | Wllllts and I I ~
7:30 a! S:COa| Sherwood. | 7:33 pf 6:20 p
~7:30al 8:00~aj ' 110:40 a!10:2f>a,
3:30 p( 3:30 pf Guernevllle. ( 7:32 pi 6:1*0 >
7:30 al 8:COa| Sonoma. I 9:10 a' S:lrt»
5:10 p| 5:C0p| Glen Kllen. j 6:05 pj 6:20 p
7 :3<ra|~V: 0o"a| 110 :40 al to : .JX>i
3:30p[3:30p| Sebastopol. |7:35p|6:2Op
STAGES connect at Green Brae for Saa
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs anu Mark West Springs; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs; at Geyservllle for Ska»;gs
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers, Boono-
vllle and Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncaa
Springs. Highland Springs. Ketseyville. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakepcrt. Bartlatt
Springs and Lake County Hot Springs; at
Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs,
Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Springs.
Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley. John Day's.
Riverside. Llerly'a. Bucknell's. Sanhetirta
Heights. Hullvllle. Orr"s Hot Springs. Halfway
House. Comptche. Hcpkina. Mendocino City,
Fort Bragg, Westport and Usal; at WllllU for
Fort Bragg, Hearst and Sawyers; at Sherwood
for Cahto. Covelo. LaytcnvlUe. Cummings,
Bell's Springs. Harris. Hubbard. Fruitland.
I>yer. Garbervllle, Camp 5, Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at r*-'
dueed rates.
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 630 Market street. Chronicle
building.
JAS. L. FRAZ'ER. R. X. RYAN.
tten. Manager. Gen Pass Ast.
Mi*. Tamalpais Railwatt
Lt. Saa freaciico i r . Sia Frtacite*
fr*.D«ji JJadaTT "SaaiUj»~^O*7r
- »:33a 1J»Op •10:50a
»:5Oa 1»:5Oa V^^«SW 3:55p 2:53p
11:OOa X^S 5 *^?!/ »:"5p .__ ._
l;48p l:45p J 5 !^"? ?I 33! *
£»SirJ*7» 4:3.-,p S»-.aniiT» 11:13p
»T>» GrtTitj Car " aft.T»jMlpaUt9imT>g<f ■
H^L 1 65 ° Markxt ST^(North Shore luaroadj
Of f 1U3 I and Sausauto Kekky. Foot Market S«w
Weekly Call. per^YearCOMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY 'OF' THE MARKETS.
Wall-street Stocks several points higher and very firm.
Cotton demoralized and below, cost of production.
Silver higher. Exchange rales about as before.
Government issues estimate of Wheat, Corn and Oat crops.
All Grain markets about as previously auoied.
- * •" * '
Continued activity in Mining Stocks. Local Stocks dull.
} All local stock exchanges close this afternoon over New Year's.
• ....-...:■
Hay. Feedstuff s and Beans qitiet and unchanged.
Livestadz, dressed. Meats and Provisions featureless.
Butter- and Eggs' weak, ivith increasing supplies, j
Potatoes active and firm. Onions quiet and weak.
Pci:I try cwd Gam? in good demand. Sufficient Turkeys offering.
Threatening weather restricts trade in fresh Fruits.
\\. «The Cotton Marliet. .
. *T1* New fork w.:i-es ot E. t\ Hutlon & Co.
'. ! ye£terd*y vz.id t.i cuit<»: "The cottcn cmrket
*i';-<laC' sliov.cfi. s better undertime than had
bejr. expected /rbm Hie demoraiiied condition
TM v'lJch it' cl»)f<«l yenerday. irom the Btun
y.ing latO»yutfloo of the ginncrs' report, which
' ee»rly ev(;r/l,ody duw ppnosdet indicates a
•ei%a> c/.n-arr:r l^.«y«'.u(» bales than the esti
ri:te at 12.1G2.ww fxnade by the Agricultural
. l>ur.*«u DooMBber ". and which 73 per cent uf
'U;. «"-.. then :■■■.... «u tutif a milUcn
•£j.lfj> io> high. ThM» is no" doubt that the
vtlii !s tiilia "i.0OO.utv Uxlcs l&rKer than Ihe
'v^VId's sj ii-iers Ti-:;; consume, ai'.d th:« iricans
rucli. a_ h^a-. ■;- burden to carry over irto U:e
"«ci.t.<[r£p abeve the warM's viFibid suj>ply that
v-<* *S*» probably in for a long period of de
rresf.icr-. xt e price l*s.>< not\- prartically got
C'-wa to the'eosf. of prr«daction. The leading
,.fr.ar tffcCJCt* thixt pries will fall to b<!c-ar
. £>4Vi:ms. .'M-hnhrr thi^ point wU\ be reached
i.<t T.ot r.ill (»re^i iargHy upen ihe attitude cf
r pinnt-rs ani tho^e who fco'd the balance ef the
c:*^» fa* the Scuth."
CASTEKV MARKETS.
.%^X«av York Money Market.
- NfT.V YORK. IVc. 1*0.— Money on call steady
«t t*^!J3 \wr cent: i-lcwinp bid. 2%: offered at
IV' P^r cent. Time loans very sixty
dsr^ -tnd niiieiy riHyi. ;;i?3' 4 per cent; six
r*->nthE." n^jjiS'i jnr cer.t. Prime mercantile
P3ir*r.* *S*-rz \'"T c*»nt. Sterling exrhange was
caj.i«r. 'n is^i actoal businefE in bankers,' bills
at J-'.^l.-.^l.sr^O for dcrr.aM and at $4.S4S3
4.P4S5, for . *ixty-cay hi!'.?. Posted rat??,
*l SirUQ.4 SS. fcmmerolal bills, $4 84%. Bar
*::»er,: tJl*«c Mexican dollars. 4SVic. Gijv
♦mme-nt bond*, flrra: railroad boeds. firm.
.
New Vork Stock Market.
NET,' YORK. D«c. 23.— There was another
X»!#tty o mrireher.sive advance In lirlces cf
Ft'xks to-day, and the movement was without
ar.y pifrr.s of t>|ietulat Ive excitement or Ve
■ otioiiary r.ins*>quo:;cfs which usuai'y Tol!ow
trad«T»' t>uyl}!j. for a. turn. There was a plainly
•/■*-*celved scarcity of stocks, and the buying
w«s t#i<^-efore easily «-fT«rtive In lifting prices.
The buying, while without animation was
renltyent at all price -levels, and the ao vane*
in prices which rc?ultfd met with no important
pbttsde in ttie'way cf selling r.nierF. The tone
c'. the mou£7 market' was jux^nounc**! "very
*a>y" to-doy. .which '4 a condition unprece
dented of late y»'ars with enly two business
•lays re;r.ain!nx ta the end cf the year.. This
pnjlJQtlaa ttrm» th€ btViad underlying basis
tor -ihe Btjcsctk of securities ..cs which Is
<curt«a tSc- f xi/ertatlcc that aft active rush
fcf cai-ltal irt:o. secfurities wijl b€ precipitated
•wfcen funds I>"g1n. to acoumuj*te r. crun In New
•V<»r4i «>arlr in the n?w year. The uniformly
f>^(?r*.tie tencr of isdustrial rews offers no
rneentjve for »«ll!ng' »ecurltle«. Reports were
•current Xhat the Ions exptcied Bouihern Pa
tlfic refundir.s foh>me would be undertaken
et 'an eftr!y <:.-i. and, this view, coupled with
the RCTTtssJve rise In Northern Securities on
the purb.to a n-w hiyh record, was the rround
Cor e.!fiaricln(r t-he >*aciflr an<3 transccntinental
*^roup In <i;nr*r\. ■ 'rv.;n.".»ifd vraa
!.:<• > ». r; i: --.rr. : ji.- joint inrljir.ci' ot a Mnxrking
VP at cruof roj-.iier.and the riiafc'.ns of a depo-
B.tifn In il'-.tve by Mr. Heir.ce ttat ne^otla
ticri» had !>-en In progress" between htmee'f
and -vhe Anialfcamau-d Interests. Tn&se and
ether Epfcinc tnf!uenc*9 radl&tcd a sentiment
Ibr th* advance, through the day, end in the
lmti >;.;..'. f f the market took t-n a semblance
el buoyancy and dosed ttrans.
Bond*, were firm. Total sales, i>ar value,
?f.,SK5,000. . '
- UnStad Etates 2s and oil 4s advanced H
t+T cjat <Mi call.
New York Stwk List.
Stocks — Eales. Klg-h. . Low. Ciose.
Atchieon 15.M0 8s'i fi7% 88%
Aiciilccn pfd 1.4^0 101 »i 101 101 "4
Atlantic Coas* Line 800 124^ai 124 123i£
lisltlTtjore & Ohio.. 40,500 104>V 102'4 lfH%
lialt & -Ohio pfd.' .'. .... 65i$
«ai iCltn Pacific. .. 13,400 134% 133^4 134H
On cf New Jersey J. 190
Chesapeake A Ohio. 7,009 49 4S»4 4ST4
Ciilcajro & Alton... S00. 4"{ii 43 43
<Tii & Alten pfd.. 100 S3 83 60
Chi Great Western. 11.000 23'4 22T4 23
Chk.*?o * N W.. 2.000 20S«i 207 — 208
Chi, Mil & Et Paul. 1S.600 174 172% 173%
Chi Term & Trans. 100 12^ 12^ 32H
Chi T & T pfd 1,400 24 23i£ 23%
C. C. C & Ft L 91
Colorado & South.. 2.200 23% 23*4 S3H
Colo South 1st pfi. C00 63 • €1'* C2H
<o.o South 2<J pfd. 1.200 K7U 3«H «7
Delawtre 4 Hudson 3.000 1S3 1S5H 1S5%
r^L I>ack & Vleit 230
r>enver A Rio G.. 4(*» 33 32'^ 82H
Hen & RJo G pf<i.. SCO , SCH 80% Su>4
Krte -X.H^ 2S*j ' SS»^ SS%
;:rio 1« pM 4>^(> 7.1*4 75i, 75%
Erie 24 pfd £6>.4 R.'.T4 &0^4
Hockin« VaJley 200 Sl't ill fll .
Hockirr VtHer ?:& ::oo os 92 92
I'.Ilnols Central l.::<0 ir.75; ir,C«4 I57H
Icwa Central «■««> Cl»» 2!)»4 31'i
low* Central pfi.. 1.S0O S~*i &CH C6%
K C Southern. VA 29% C$14 28'i
K C Southern pfd.. 2.700 S3 S2% 52 S {
Lot^» & Nash C.400 HI14 J40>i 141%
T.:ar.hattan L 1.C0O l€5Vi IO41J ICl'fi
Iletrcpolltan Secs<. . 4.300 81 H 80 80%
WetropolJuua 6t Ry S.iOO 122'i 121% 122
Mer!:aTj Certra!... 12.300 22»i 21% 2a^i
Mtrn & Et Louif 53
M, gt P 4 S S M. 1,800 »0% 8ft 90'i
M.StP & SS M pfd. 200 147*i 147% 147»i
MlMoan ParfQc... 3.400 ICS>4 107% 107**
Mo. Kan * Tesas. 7.»00 334, 32% S3
U. K 4 T pfd 4,800 64'^ eS^i C4%
::atl R II Mev.pfJ. 200 40 40 •*'J--
N«w Tork Central. 16.SKO 143 143*4 144%
K T, Ost ft W 6,400 41*6 41U 41%
T-"orfo!k & Western 12.200 80^4 79>i grtl,
Nor & VTryt pfd 1CD 153 95 SO
Peensylvani* ..'... 89,600 1?.»H 188H 139'i
r, c, c ft ft l f.00 ~s% n\ 7714
HcailnK 8.BO0 80% 78»i 80»i
Rr&C;n» lrt pfd... .200 81 14 81 fll '
Rer.iir.ff 2d pfd 1.700 S3 8«H SiH
Iltx-k Island Co 24.900 37% 38'4 36%
Itc^-k leli.nd Co pffl 800 S5 8««4 8J',4
CtL t SPM pffl.. 8,200 70^4 67 % 70>£
tt LouU & S W POO 26% 2« 28*,
St Ix;u!s B W pfd l.CCO L9% 5S C7
ficothem Pasiflc. . 29,500 6« 63% <Z%
SouUiera Pa* pfd.. 1.700 119% J19U 119*4
Fouthern Railway.. 16.400 35% 35'i 35>I
Southern Ry'pld.. 400 Q7'i 8C"i SC',4
T<>sa« & Pacyic. J.800 35% 35% . 35%
Tdo<lo. Et Lt V,-. 2.C00 37% 3G% ZO'i
T. 8t I., & Wpfd.. 2.7uO S5 64 54%
Tnlon Pacific 78.100 .114% 112% 114*.
mion Pacific pfl.. srvo P7«» 67 0.714
TV'abash 2 2C0 22% 22 22
We.i-.B-h pfd -j.cOO 44% 43% 43%
V.'hecli^g ft L E-. UfJO . l»a-i 19% 18%
Wt* Central I.»00 T5 22% 22»i
%V is Central pfd... i;oo 46% 46 43
Kxpress Comjjanks —
AAsics 240
.American 200 203 208V 209
I'nited States 120
■U'elJs-FaJT* 2*0
Mtsc«lla««ous —
Arstl Copper 113. COO 73% 70% 7894
American C & F.. 7.C0rt 37% 34% 33
Amer. C & T pfd.. LOfJrt »4% <H Ql%
American Cot Oil.. SCO 37^4 37% 37%
Amer Cot Oil pfd 83
American Ice .... 800 r.'i o'J fi%
American Ice pt&.. SCO 37% sc% S7
American Ltn Oil 15%
Amer. Lin Oil pfd 37 '
Amer LoccanoUve... 6.4OO 3R% 35% 35%
Amer Locora pfd... 1.200 105% 103% 101%
American S ft R.. fi.»CO 82% 82 81%
Aifler R & R pfd.. 2C0 113 112% 112
/•rcer Surar Rt-f... 6,800 144% 143% 144
Amer Tob pfd i*r 1,900 01% 83% C3%
Ararconda Mln Co 5.700 135 106 113
Ercokl>-a R T 10,100 03% «2% C2H
Colfrarto F & I....104.K0O 49% 4*!% 49%
* '^v'i-iatea Gas... 2..W0 204 203 204
£«ti Products 300 21 U 21 '4 21%
1 ~m Prcd-ptd «0O 78Vi 78% 78
J.'^: Hecirrities .. SrtO 40% 37% 3^
\****rvi Electric .. 300 «1!?7 1>6% 188%
Z r <r Pap^ ...../ /joo 24 -4 23%
'.xtr T Z >* T p*& -200 .77 77 77
inter r-un-.p :..:.. ..... ' 3S
*?•?.«■ Pump pfrj . . . 36
;V-;', r -fcl Lead .... 3/.00 25 24 M 25
rlLZ'L AtT »"1Pan .. SOO 102 Jt»l% 101
*£$U'.*Ji n 3.700 *4« *i 4--%
rSIc^1u; :: '* : ™ w V* : r "«-
i Tennessee C & I.. 5,000 71 73 73%
! tJ H Leather 3.800 15 14% 14%
1 D i> Leather pfd.. 2.000 1C2% 101 » 4 101 »i
V S Kealty 78
IT S 'ltubber- «5,5(X> 34% 33% 34%
i; S Rubber i>fd . . 4,000 100 ' t»7 DO^i
t: ssttd jmj.suo ai% ao% siVs
I L S Steel rfd 104.7C0 05 94% 04%
Vir-Car 'Chemical... L3O0 il'i *l\i «•
Vir-Cair Ch*3i pfd.. 1.200 113 112 112% 4
I \V«;Etl!tgh<ms? Eltc. S00 181% ISO IW
Wettwa Union .... l.::00 U3% W «3U
; . . - ■ .■.■.-..'■■. ;
j Total sales 1.026,200.
; New York Bonds.
I V S ref 'J*. reg. .104 Vil Japan Cs cert.... 93%
! Do coupon 104%|L & N unied 4s.lO4Vi
Do .'is rts 104%lMan con gold 4s.lC5%
Do coupon ..104%;Mex Central 4s... 77
Donsw 4s rog.l30%i Di> 1st 4nc 75%
Do conpoa LSOfelMUui & St L 4s.. 97
Do oli 4s re«.105»T.!M. K & Ttxas 4s.lol
Ijo coupon KJGUJ Do ids'.'..'...'.'-- 86V*
Am Tob 4s cert. Ti'^JNli of Mcx con 4s Sl%
J Do 6e crt ...110 IN Y C gen 3%». .101%.
J Atch_6<.n 4s 103 U IN J C gen 5e 136
| Do'adj 4s 'MKttfar Paclflc 4s. ...108
1 Atlantic C L 49.100Jii Do 3s ?$%
i Bait & Ohio 4s..l03%|Nor & W con 4«.101%
■ Do ay.s .... fiG&iO S L r«fdg.4s. 97%
j Central of Ga 5s.ll2%iPa conv 3%s 102%
Do 1st inc t>2*;j Heading gen 4S... 103%
i Do 2d inc 73\i8 L & I M con 6s.ll7
i Ches & Ohio 4%s.lG8. |S L & S'F fg 4s. 91
Chi & Alton.-«%s. 82%lSt L S.W.con 4s. 81%
<:. B & Q new is.lOO^lHealioard A L 4s. £5 ;
C, R I & Pac 4s. f2VSo Pacrilc 4s ..... 94%
Do' coITjs...'. .. 05%^Po Railway 5s;.. ".121
C.C.C & SIvKn 4s.l01%:Tex & Pac, Ists. .120 |
Chi Trnn 4« SO 1Tol, St L & W 4s. 83%
Colo Midland 4t. .76^1 Union Pacific 4s..l06'.<i
I Colo A So 4s.'... fl2 i Do conV 4s 114%
I Cuba 5b cert lOSlS'tT S Stoel 2d 5s.. 93?i
Den A Rio G 4e.lC2'i[Wabash Ists .....118
Diet Securities Bs 79 i Do 'deb B ..... 6ti%
Erie prior lien 4s.lO2%i Western. Md 4«.. 90
Do gen 4s. 03 \\V & L Erie 4s... 94
F W'& D C lEts.lOS'% Kvis Central 4s..'. 93
Hock Val 4UB...111 | . - . .,
New York Mining Stocks.
Adams Con 25 ! Little Chief ''05
Alice ' 60:Ontario • . . 3 75
Bi-eece 12!O{>bir 5 50
Bruna Con ...... C3!Phoenlx 05
Com Tunnel OS'Potosi 16
Con Cal.fc Vs.... 1 !K>.i?ava s e 32
Horn Silver 1 50,'^ierra Nevada....- ."3
Iron PMver 2 .'.'VFTnalt Hopes ...:-. 2-".
Leadville Con,... 02iSjandard 150
Boston Stocks and Bondtf. ;. ; .f ,;
Money— < |U S Steel 31%
Call loans ..1...3 @4I Do ?M 9i%
Time loans 3«itj5! Westing Common. 90-
Bonds — . 1 Mlnicg —
Atchison 4« .....102 (Adventure C%
Do adj 4s »4 lAllouei 2U%
Mex Central 4s... 73 lAmal Copper...... 73Vi
P^llroads — • Amer Zinc 11%
Atchison ..., S8 Atlantic : 18%
Do pf«l .- 101 Bin"ham . :.'.. 55 -
, Boston & Albany.233 Calumet & Hecla.650' '■
Boeton & Maine. 171 % 1 Centennial ■ '.. 2C&'
Boston Elev .....154 ICopper Range... 6»%
Fitchbunr pfd 141 . | fly West "...,12%
M» -CentraJ .^ Sl^ifDoin. Co*I- ..,.,... 63
N Y. N H & H,.19SV«! Franklin 12% i
Pere Marquctte. . . 77 IGrancy 5%
Union Pacific 114%[Tsle Royale 23
Miscellaneous— . !Mr5s Mining 9%
Arr.er Arge Chcm. 22 (MlehlKan 11%
Do.pfd S8 |MohaWk 54
Amer Pn«u Tab*. 5 !Mobt Coal & Coke 6%
Amer Sugar 144 |Old Dominion ... £7%
Do pfd 139 lOsceola 97%
Amer Tel & T^1.14S8i I Parrot 31
Amer Woolen ... 22%('Julncy 115*
Do pfd 94VilPhannon 9%
Dom Iron & S... 1S14 Tamarack 124Vi
Ed Elect Ulum.. 254 Trinity 11
Gen Electric 1R1 US Mining . 25%
Mass Electric..., 13% U 8 Oil - 11%
Do pfd -'. 5« Utah ,. 43> v
Mass Gas 39 Victoria 5Vi
United Fruit 108 Wlnona .......... 12%
ITn Shoe Maen . . * 60"-i I Wolverine » . . 1C8
Do pfd sim .
London Closing Stocks.
Cons- for money.. *8%'N T Central 14^%
Do for «.cct..S5 7-l«!Nor & Western... 81%
Ac&conda ■'.%: r>o 65.
Atchison 90'4 Ont «■ Western... 45%
Do pfd 106ii | Pennsylvania 71 H
Bait & Ohio -....105%|Ran.l Mines ..... 11%
Can Pacific 137 Reeding 41
OW & Ohio..'... 49"%! Do 1st pfd '. 46%
Ch< Great W<»st.. 2S%|' Do 23 j-fd ....:. 43'
f"h«. Mil & St P.177%!So Railway S6%
De Beers 18 I Do rfd Oft
Den & Rio G S3%|Po Pacific • 67%!
D o pfd PiUiUnlbn Pacific' 115%
Erie 39%! Do nfd 99
Do l*t pfd 77. |I7 S Steal". 21%
Do 2d r*1 " I Do -pfd 96%
Til Central .. Ifil (Wabash 22%
Loui« & 145 i Do pfd ........"45
M. K &■ TYnw... SHHIBran'.sh 4s S9?4
Bar silver— Firm; JS'Ad per ounce.
Money— 2% ©3 per cent.
The rate of <5!?eonnt In the open market for
short tills is 2 I 54@218-16 per cent and for
thiYe months' bills 2 11-16@2% per cent.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 23.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances in the general
fund shows: Available cash balance, $141,-
Cfi'JJZSi; gold, $80,gSO,S6i.
New York Cotton Market.
NFW YORK. De2. 29-^Cotton futures opened
fteacj-; December. 6.25c bid: January, 6.43c;
February. 6.BSc; March, -6.D9c;' Anil, 6.70c;
May. 6.77c; June. 6.89s; July, 6.92c.
Futures closed to-day: " December, 6.45o;
January, e.46c; February, 6.55c; March, 6.62o;
April, 6.70c; May, 6.76c; June, 6.85c; July,
e.eoc. ••
Epot cotton closed quiet. IB - points lower;
middling uplands, '6.85c; middling gulf, 7.10o.
Fates, none.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Dec. 29.~FLOUR— Receipts,
19.WJ0 barrels; exports, 98,000 barrels; dull,
but firmly held. • •■
WHEAT — Receipts, 65,000 bushels; spot,
firm; Np. 2 red. nominal elevator and $1 21%
f. o. b. afloet; No. 1 Northern Duluth,'$l 20%
f o. b. afloat. The wheat talent ah went
short on the Government" report- and were
forced In later by the Wall street bull interest,
advancing prices back above last night's close
Bullish firures en world's stocks also affected
:he. lat* market and final prices showed %<$la
net advance, May. $1 1.1%@1 13%, closed, at
♦1 25%; July..$l 02%(»l 03*i..crosed at $1 C3\ •
Dfcrmber.-Sl 10'/i@l 21%. cloeefl.at/$i: 21%.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Steady.
PETROLKUM— Steady.
WOOL — FJrrn. • ■
SUGAR — Raw. steady. Refined. ' firm.'
COFFEE — Spot, steady. Futures closed
tteady. .1010 points net lower; total, rales wers
reported of i €2. COO bags, including January,
7 tr-@7.00c; March. 7.85@7..95c; May. S.lOc;
July. ' 8.25S^.D0c; Augupt. 8.35c; September,
S.45SS.5Oc; November, 8-C0®S.C5c.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES — While the demand
does not appear to be Improving materially
prices are more firmly hf Id. ': with - common
quoted at 49-}%c: Prime. 4Ti@5c; choice,. 3%@
f>>«c: fancy. CS7c. - ■■..* ", -. •'. - >
PRUNES — Of the -smaller: s!z«s rpem .'to ■ YA
In a little better demand, but the market .as
a **fcolc shows no improvement-, of moment.
with quotations for 'California rangfng'. from
3c t(> 6?Sc, according to grade. -_,'.' '
APRICOTS — Were quiet; • choice,* 'OSJJJlOcJ
extra oo. lOVj©ltc; fancy, lfi'S'lSc. ' ' '
PEACHES -tQuict, but sU-adlly held; choice.
9%c; extra choice. JOHgioSic.; fancy, 10%
@12e. ..•'-. . .', r '. ",.•...■
New York JMctal Jlnrket, . • ; . '
NEW TQRK, J)ec. 2f».-^There . was ' another
advance In • the London • market, with spoi
ckfing at £134 17s Cd and futures at £13* 7s
6d. The local market was firm in sympathy,
although the demand was .said to be Indiffer
ent., Spot In quoted at ?29 35029 75. ..
Copper t wsi. hlirber abroad, with London"
quoting spot at £CS 3s 3d and rfuttres at £68
15a. Locally the .uiarkct xros reported ' to : be
In sellers' favcr.- aad prices in some Instances
were held hiphef. Lakfcrte'? quoted • at 15%@
lSlic; > cloctrolytlc, , l^Qto'Ac; ' artd casting aC
2 j f^ rj j It f^ "^IflHi . ■* *
Lead was Js 3d higher in London at £12
16» 3d. Locally It was unchanged -but 'firm at
4.CO©4.8Oc. -..•- '-.-.:■ -
• Spelter wa» higher at '£23 ' 2s "6d" In London."
THE SAN . FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY, DECEMBER 30. 1904.
Locally the market shows corsiderable firm- I
r.ecs, with spot quoted at 6.1C<B6.15c. ;
Iron closed at 539 9d in Glasgow and at 50s i
<*id In lliddlesboro. Locally the market is |
nrmer. No. 1 foundry. Northern, is Quoted at j
£17 2o@17 75; No. 1 Northern and No. 1
fcouthern. soft, §17 75, and No. 2 foundry,
♦i • fell 25.
Available Grain Supply.
NEW YOP.K, Dee. 20.— Snec-ial cable and
telegraph advices received by Bradstreet's
enow the following changes in available sup
plies es corr-.iared with last account:
* Wheat — United StatcE and Canada, east of
Rockies, increase. 11)0,000 bushels; afloat for :
and in Euruot, decrease, UCO.000 bushels ;
total supply.' decrease. 710, OC0 bushf \e.
Corn— United States and Canada, east of
Kockles, increase. L'.IUO.OCO bushels, v
Oats— United Utatos and Canada, east of
Rockies, decrease, !J07,000 bushels.
CHICAGO BOAKD OF TRADE.
Future Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, Dec. 29.— The unexpected de
crease of the world's visible stocks strength- j
ened the wheat market to-day. Light receipts !
furnished support. At the close May was up J
%c. Government report giving final figures
on the crop of 1904 was considerable of a dis
appointment to bull traders. . and in conae- j
quer.ee when trading began the pit was flooded I
with selling orders. Predictions had been i
freely made Uiat the official figures would not !
show over 500,000,000 bushels as the total
yic-ld of wheat grown, in the United States
«urlc» 1304. It was a distinct surprise to
many operators that the Government experts .
estimated the totul aj 552,000,OUO bushels.
The reception given the report was manifested '
by sharp initial declines. May was off ?ic to j
l?io at $1 11144 to $1 13«i. Before any sup- ,
:Port came to the market tha prica had touched i
$1 12%. The market soon recovered a por- •
tlon of the early loss, however, on moderate
•coverirss by shorts. ' There was also some'
buyinr on an -Argentine cable claiming that
nc# crop arrivals were- of poor quality, in
addition the cash situation showed signs of
improvement Ther» was a sharp advance '
late In the day' as a result of the excellent I
demand. Odb of th© bull leaders was a con
spicuous buyer. May sold up to $1 14%. The ;
ir.arket held firm the last part of the session, !
the close being almost at th« highest point '.
with final figures on Hay at ?1 14%.'
Weakness of -wheat had some effect on the i
corn market vearly la the: day. May opened:
unchanged to %c lower s.t 45Ji@45%c and !
closed at 45%c. ,
Trading in oats \ru of a scalping character
and prices showed only slight fluctuations.
May closed at 31 %c. . . • . •
. . At the opening sentiment In th« provision
market was quite firm as a result of 'decreased
receiots of hoss. At the close May pork 'was
off .'w87M;c; lard was down *7»£c, and ribs 2V4o
•lower. • . • .-...•- .
The leading futures ranged as follows:.
, Articjes. , Open. High. Low. Clo*e.
Wheat, No; 2—' " " ■"' ' ' ' •
December 1 11% 1 13 1 llii 1 13
Mayi 1 13U 114% 1 12li 1-14%
■July 98% . 99 .83*4 W
Corn. No. 2 —
December 45»4 45%' 45»4 45%
May.. 45% 45^4 • ' 45i| ' 45*i
July .•■ ..:.. 45',4 45% 45^ 45»i
. Oats. No. 2 . .
December ...... 29% '29% 20% 29%
May. 81« 81^4 31% 31^
July' ;.:-. - 31% 81% ' 31% 31%
Mes# pork, j per bbl — . ■ ■ j ■ ,
January ...... ,.12 55 12.55- .12 47% 12 47%
May 12.87% 12 87% 12 77% 12 80
Lard,' per '100 "lbs — • '
January 6 85 6 S5 6 7T% 6 77%
May 7 12% 7 12% 7 02% 7 05-
Short ribs, per 100 lbs — . .■
January 6 45 6 45 6 40 6 40
May... 6 70 670 6 65 B 07%
Cash Grain and Provisions. ■
CHICAGO, De& 29. — Cash quotations wer«
as follows: Flour, steady; No. 2 spring wheat,
$1 US@1 15; No. 3, USciSJl 12; No. 2 red.
%\ 15^1 17%; No. 2 corn, 45%c; No. 2 yel
low 45'^c: No. 2 oats, 29%c; No. 2 white,
31%@32c: No. 3 white. 30%@31%c"; No. 2 rye,
74 1 / « ! c: good feeding: barley, 37 @38c; fair to
choice malting, 41(®48c; No. 1 flaxsecd. $1 16%;
No. 1 Northwestern, $1 23; prime timothy seed,
$2 72%: mei«s pork, per bbl, $11 25fll 35; lard,
per 100 lbs. $6 77%; short rlbs-slaes (loose),
J0 12%@0 37%; short clear sides (boxed),
$0 62%®« 75; whisky. , basis of high wines,
'$1 24; clover, contract grade, S12 75. ,.
•Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbis ■'.:.'....;:....-.■■ 152,000 • •"■•42,600
•Wheat, bu 16:5,000 C1.000
Corn, bu 985,400 220.RG0
Oats, bu 179.S00 155.C00
Rye, bu r 18,200 . 9.2W
Barley, bu ,. .295,000 47,000
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO. Dec. 23.— On "the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was firm ;
.creameries. 17®2Sc; -dairies, 16@24o. Eggs
firm, at mark, cases included, 20@23c, Cheese
steady. 17@22c.
CATTLE, SHEEP AND HOGS.
Chicago.
CHICAGO, Dec. 29.— CATTLB— Receipt*,
10.000. Steady. Good to prime steers. $3 60®
0 50i poor to medium, $3 60@5 90; stockers and
feeders, $2 40@'4 40; cows. $4@4 20; heifers,
52 25SM 85: ' bulls; ?2 10(34 10: calves, ?8 S0®7.
HOGS— Rec<Hpts, 15.000. ! Market 10c higher.
Mixed and butchers, $4 50®4 SO; good to choice
heavy, . $4 50®4 80; rough heavy, $4 50@4 U0;
light, H 40*9>4 70.
SHEEP — Receipts, 13,000. Sheep, 10c higher;
lambs, IQ^Oc higher; good to choice wethers,
?4 0.V53D5: fair to choice . mirfed, $3 85@4 85;
Weatern sheep. M^Q^aS; «atl\-e lambs, $5 50
Q7 55; Western lambs, $6 253710. \
'. ". : Omaha.
OMAHA, Nebr., Dec. 29. — CATTLE — Re
ceipts, 14,000. Steady to strong. Native
steers, $3 50<^G2S; cows and heifers, $2 50#4;
Western steers, $3^4 73; Texas steers, ?2 73®
3 75; range cows and heifers, ?2 30@3 60; can
nerB. $1 5002 30: stockers and feeders, $2 40@
3; calves, $2 503>fi 50; bulls and stags, $175®
3 7.V
! HOGS — Receipts, 2700. Shade stronger.
Heavy. $ 4 5004 55; m'.xed, $4 55@4 57%; light,
$4 B5ifM 60; pifrs, ?4 25@4 50.
SHEEP — Receipts, 1800. Strong. Western
yearlings, $4 SOS'S SO; . wethers, $4 60@5 20;
ewes, $3 80@4 5O; common and stockers, $2 75J?
4 50; lambs," $5 25QG 40.
Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY, Dec 29. — CATTLE — Re
ceipts, 7000. Steers slow, others steady. Na
tive steers, $3 73'3><J ( 25; native cows and heifers,
$173:55; stockers fend feeders, $2 75@4; bulls,
$2 2G@4; calves. $2(g^ 50; Western fed steere,
?3 50S5 50: Western fed cows, $1 75@3 60.
■ HOGS — Receipts, 6000. Market Be higher.
Heavy, $4 60®4 75; packers, $4 55@4. 75; pigs
and light. $3 85<8>4 65.
SHEEP — Receipts, 1000. Market strong.
Muttons, $43)5 25; lambs, $5®6 75; range weth
ers, $4 G0@5 76; ewes,$3 75@4 75.
MISCELLANEOUS MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.'
Wheat— March. May.
Opening ...*... 7 % 7 %
Clo * ln * TFAwa"" 7^ 7^
■ Wheat — . ' • Deo. Mar. -June.
Opening • 23 60 ' 24 80
Closing 23 60 24 80
Flour—
Opening '.. 81 05 ' 82 25
Closing '.. ....;... 31.03. 82 25
St. Louis Wool Market.
BT. LOUIS. D*c-'-29. — Wool, quiet. Medium
grades, combing and clothing, 23@29c; light
fine, 18322%c; heavy fine, 14@18c; tub
washed, 27@41c. '
London Copper Market. ,
LONDON, • Dec. 29.— Chopper was etron* to
day on, buylner for the Continent, . Induced
partly by fears of a shortage. A large amount
of business was don« for 'America, both specu
lative and consumptive.- The total transac
tions In copper to-day were larger than .for
mantbi past, the sales amounting to 1700 tons.
The metal cloeed strong at £C8 5-16.
Northern Wheat Market. .
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Dec. ' 20. — WHEAT — Export :
Walla Walla, jBlo; bluestem, 88®90c;- valley,.
87c. Eastern market basis: Walla Walla, 83®
85c; bluestem, 90c.
WASHINGTON. '-."! '--"!"
-TACOMA. Dec. 29.— WHEAT— Unchanged;
bluestem. 88c; club, S5c. . -~
. . Northern Business.
SEATTLE. Dec. 29.- r Clearings, 1789,832;
balances, $80,950.
TACOMA, Dae. 29.— Clearings, ?544,671;
balances. $70,462. ' • • .
= PORTLAND. Dec. 29.— Clearing*. $562,404;
balances, $tSS,E63.- '-■ ' ' " ,
SPOKANE, Dec. 29. — Clearings, -. $180,202;
balances;.' $45,072.:- < .- .• . , .
LOCAL MARKETS.
••■• Exchange tind Bullion. -
• •:'.••' '■:"' : ' local. ;•
Sterling Exchange, sixty days. .$* S5 d : — '
8t*rtlng Exchange, .sight, .. .... 4 87>iJ? —
Sterling Exchange, .cables...... 4 88 . @ . — ' .
Nejv : Tcrlf • Exchense, r sight .... 0"- !* feP — !
Neyr York -Exchange, telegraphic ..05 if - —
Ellvpr,, per punce. ...... Cl -14 ©• . — .
Mexican Dollars VI............ ■ 40»/j® :'—-.'
■ . - ■ ■ . . -. . . ■ . INTERNATIONAL. ' ,{/■-..
New York" on -'Paris ..:'.:::.'..:.' 5.15 .
New . York ' on 'Mexico . .............. .- .203 •
Paris onLcndon '.. .V. 26.14%
iBerlln on London . 20.38%
- -.= -. -. ■ •' ' . -I
Wheat and Other Grains. -
- WHEAT — The foreign markets were not ma
terially changed. Chicago declined under the
! Government report, 'which Indicated a total
] crop of 5u2,3uSi,517 bushels, but subsequently
1 rtcoveicd and closed %c higher on the day.
I Brokers' wires from Chicago said:
; "Messages from people close to the bis In
terests talci t^at the Government crop report
was a severe disappointment. They had been j
' counting on it to show a total crop of less
[than 510,000,000 bushels, and had In fact |
i Hooded Western' markets with estimates that 1
! lt would, show less than 500,000,000 bushels.
If the crop Is as large as the Government
I report indicates, and there are a few In the
j Western trade that question It. the position
of the large Eastern owners of Wheat Is- by
no means as comfortable as it was understood
to be."
This market was ' quiet and unchanged all
around.
CASH WHEAT. , A -i>j
California Club. $1 45@1 52%; California
White Australian. $1 (3001 62%; Northern
Club. $1 r>OSl 55; Northern Bluestem, $1 tjOtj
1 02%; Northern Red, $1 47% per ctl.
-r;,-:t futures. . ..
Session 9 to 11 :30 a. m. '
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 44% .$1 44% $1 44% $1 44%
2 p. m. session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May 5144% $144% $144% $144%
BARLEY — There is no change In the situ
ation. The market continues firm but quiet.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed, $1 12%«1 15; Brewing and Shipping,
i $1 17%@1 20; Chevalier, $1/1601 20 per ctl.
FUTURES. \ . .
! Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
' Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 C8V& $1 09% $1 09% $1 t»%
. December^ — No sales; $1 15 asked.
1 2 p. m. session.
I May— $1 09%.
! _OATS — Dealers report conditions unchanged,
I the market being firmly held and without
feature. The Government , report, just issued,
gives tha acreage of the country this year at
-JT,S42,ee9. yielding a crop of 835,545,532
bushels.
: White. $1 45@1 57%-; Surprise, $1 55®1 e0;
.Red for fetd, $1 45®1 50 for No. 1 and
;'?1 40®lV>& for No. 2; choice, for seed.
■ $1.50@l C5; Black, $1 30@l 35 for feed and
! 51 45®1 e2% for seed. ■ - •
:' CORN — The Government report. Just Issued,
-Elves tho country's acreage this • year
. _92,231'5S1 and the production at 2,467.480.934
bushels, having- a farm value December 1 of
$1,087,481,440. . • :
The market continues weak and -well sup
. piled, with no further change In quotations.
i. Western sacked. $1 25<gl SO for new Yellow,
I White and Mixed: old California Yellow and
! White. $1 40@l 42%; new California large
j.yellQW. 51 27%@1 30; small round do, $1 650!
II 80; White. $1 27%@1 30; Egyptian, $1^330
i 1 37% 'for White and $1 17%®1 20 for Brown.
RYE— $1 42%@1 47^4 per ctl. . \ .
■ BUCKWHEAT— $1 50@l -75 per ctl. < •
Flour and 3 111 Is tuffs.
FLOURr-Californla Family Extras, $4 SO®
5 10, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 70<35;
Oregon and Washington. Jobbing at $4@4 50
1 per bbl.
, MILLSTUFFS — Prices In packages are as
! fellows: Graham Flour $3 25 ' per 100 lbn;
, Rye Flour, $4 50; Rye Meal, $4 75; Rice Flour,
$7; Corn Meal. $2 50; extra cream- do, $3 60;
Oat Meal, $4; Oat Groats, $4 23; Hominy,
$3 C0©3 S5^ Buckwheat Flour, $4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 75: Farina, $4; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 50: Rolled Oats, bbls. $8 75Q>7 50; In
sacks. ?4 25; Pearl Barley, $5; Split, Peas,
boxes. $5 50; Green Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
Previous prices rule for all descriptions.
BRAN— $206-21 60 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $25(52$ per ton. •
HHORTS-- $20®21 50 per ton. '
FEBDSTUFFS^Rblled Barley, $24@ 24 50
I per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31 50®
! .v2 60 i Jobbing. $33: Cocoanut Cake, $23@24;
i Cocoanut Meal $24i§25; Corn Meal $31 603?
j 32; Cracked Corn, $32032 50; Mixed Feed, $22
j <323: Horse Beans, $30®40 per ton; Broom
; Corn Feed, 90o per ctl.
I HAY— Wheat. $9^14 60; Wheat and Oat,
$0®13 50; Oat. $9@12; Barley and Oat. $S@10:
Volunteer Wild Oat, $7@10r stable, $9#10;
stock. $5 5037; Clover, $7010; Alfalfa. $9012
per ton. • ' - ••
STRAW— 35@C0c per bale.
. . Beans and Seeds.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 50®3; Pea. $3@3 50;
Butter ?3@3 25; small white, $3@8 35; large
! White. $2 40®2 60; Pink. . $2 76@3 50; Red,
' $4 25@4 50; Lima, $4 10@4 20; Red Kidneys,
, S3 60@4; Blackeyes, $2 35@2 50 per ctl.; Hors*
; Beans. $1 85@2 40.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, j nominal: : Yellow
Mustard, SU@3%c: Flax, $2@2 75; Canary,
(8%b; Alfalfa. 12/%@13c; Rape. l%@2%e;
i Timothy, 5%c; HAnp, 3%@3%c per lb.; Mil
let, 2%@3%c; Broom Corn Seed, $20@21 per
ton. v ■• ■■■ ■ ."= . ■■:- ', '■ -. ■■ -
k> DRTT5D PT7AB —^NIles~^ $1 75@2 50; ■ Qreea
i Peas, $1 73@2 50 per "ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The Potato market was quite active . and
firm, particularly for fancy Burbanks, there
being no fresh arrivals from the Salinas Val
ley or. Oregon.- and prices of all descriptions
were well maintained. Receipts from the river
districts were light and Included very little
fancy stock, and .Inferior offerings moved off
better In consequence. Sweets were unchanged
and Onions still had a declining tendency, al
though ■ prices were not quotably lower.
Southern vegetables were In free . supply and
thQ general rua of offerings, which showed the
I effects of tho recent rain In the growing dis
tricts, were dull at easy rates, while the best
offerings of f reeh stock i were In good request
at the top quotations. Dried Peppers are of
fering fresly and are meeting with & fair in
quiry.
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river. 50®
i £0c per ctl: Salinas Burbanks, $1 15@1 45 per
I ctl. ; Oregon Burbanks, $1@1 20 per ' ctl. ;
I River Reds, 50S60c per ctl.: Early Rose, $1®
] 1 10 T?er ctl. ; Sweet ■ Potatoes, 05c@$l per ctl.
I ONIONS— $2 25@2 S3 per ctl..
VEGETABLES — Green Peas. 3@6c per lb:
; String Beans. 4@7c per lb; Wax Beans. 4@7c;
I Tomatoes. $1 25@1 50 per box or crate; Sum*
| mer Squash. 65@75c per box; Hothouse Cu
; cumbers $1(3>1 25 per dozen; Cabbage. 50@G0c
1 per ctl; Carrots. 80@40c per sack; Garlic, 7@So
per lb; Egg Plant, 5@7o per lb for southern;
Dried Peppers. 10®12%c for sun-drled and 13®
14c per lb for evaporated; Green Peprers 4@
5p par lb for southern;. Mushrooms. 10@16c per
: ib. ; Marrowfat and Hubbard Squash, $8@>10
| per ton.
j Poultry and Game.
! All descriptions of live Poultry ware in good
'< request and. as receipts were light, available
supplies cleaned up quickly at steady prices.
! A car of Western was marketed, making tha
| fifth car since . Monday. Dressed Turkeys were
j slightly lower and local stock moved slowly
: owing to the abundance and cpmparatlvely low
[ prices of Eastern chilled. Receipts from Call
fornlan points wero a Httl* in excess, of 100
: casee. and there were fully two carloads of
Eastern chilled stock . on the market. There
; were few changes In Game, • everything except
• Mallard, Canvasback and ; Sprig Ducks being
in good demand.
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys. 24®27o per lb
I for local and 21@22%c for Eastern chilled;
Live Turkeys, 21@23o per lb: Geese, per pair,
$2 25@2 50; Goslings. $2 2502 60; Ducks, $5@(J
I per doien for old and $0@7 for young* Hens,
! $4@4 50 for small and 55 G0<g>6 for large;
young Roosters, $3 50®C; old Roosters, $4®
4 60; Fryers. 54 60@5; Broilers. $2 60<JJS 60;
-Pigeons. $1(8)1 25; Squabs, $2@2 60. .
GAME — Mallard Ducks. $303 150 per dozen;
CanvasbaCk. $3@4 50; Teal. $1 25; Sprig. $2*J
2 GO; Wldgfon, $1 60; Red Heads. $2 50
? small Ducks, . ?1 25Q1 50; Gray G»ese, $3:
White Geese, $1 25@1 50; Brant, $1 25S < >-
Honkers. ?3@3; jSnlpe, $2 CO for- English and
$1 00 for common; Doves. $1 25; Harn, $1 75@
2; Rabbits. $2 for Cottontails and 41 60 for
Brush. . ■
Butter, Cheese and "Eggs.
Butter Is extremely dull and stocks are
perceptibly accumulating, and >. these two ad
verse conditions are making a weak market.
; There is no actual decline .yet. but the mar
' kct seems trembling on the verge of one. Bell
ers are shading the quotations to large and
posted buyers."
I Cheese is steady and unchanged. .
Eggs are quiet and more or less weak, with
t stocks gradually growing. Prices remain the
■same, but a decline is expected any day.
I Receipts were 27,500 lbs Butter. 626 cases
lEeifsar.d 26,800 lba, Cheese. .,
I BUTTER — Creamory'at first hands', 23@24c
for extras and 21 1 ,!>@22%c for lower to medium
grades; dairy, 20@22c; cold storage, nominal;
store Butter, nominal; Eastern cubes, nominal-
Eastern ladle-packed, 15(gil6c.
CHIiESF.— 11@U j /jC for choice mlM new and
10@10y-c for old; cold storage, : 10>*@llc: Young
Americas, 12©12^4c ; : Eastern, 10@13c per lb.
EGGS— Ranch, 3G@40c for good to choice,
•41(y42^c for large white selected and 30@35c
for common; store Eggs, 28@."50c; cold storage,
25030c; Eastern, 25@28c for clitic e, 22@24ofor
standards and 20@21c for secortds.
Deciduous arid Citrus Frulta.
The threatening weather still , restricted . local
.trade ; In fresh fruits, ; and as there was very
littla movement in shipping channels the ; mar
ket continued dull and there were few changes
In *p*rlcefl. Japanese .' Mandarin Oranges were
still '.In "free supply and prices were reduced
sharply In order, to, stimulate trad^e, but other
wise .there .wap no change In prices of Citrus
fruits.' : - Apples were ■ steady : but inactive - at
the familiar quotations. ;', Some ■■■ fancy Winter
Nellls Pears : were held, at .an adyance, but
found few buyers. Strawberries , were mostly
poor and met with 'a sluggish demand.
STRAWBERRIES— $3(&5 per :chest.
. CRANBERRIES— $9@11 per- bbl for No. 1
and foes for inferior Eastern. '
-APPLES— 90c® $1; 23 per., box ", for fancy and
f»0©.S5c for. common to choice: ■ Lady Apples,
$1 25@2 Der box. "' • •
PEARS— Winter / Nellls. ; fl'50@2 per- box;
cocking varieties,. 50cf(j$l per box.
' PETISIMMONS— 50©75c'p6r box.'
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. Navels. $1<£2 per
box;- Seedlings, .. 75ce$l;' Tangerines, ; 75c for
small and: $1 ■ for," large -.boxes; * Japanese • Man
darins,', 75c@$l" per "< box;, Lemons. .. $2 50@2 75
for fancy, ~ $1 75©-' 25 for, choice ■ and ;' $1(31 60
' for standards; Grape -Fruit. $1 75@2 50; Mexl
t can Limes, $4 per case; Bananas. $2g3 per
bunch for Central American and $1®2 for Ha
waiian; Pineapples, $1 50@3 per dozen.
•Dried. Fruits, Nuts, Raisins, Honey.
Though the markets everywhere are dull, as
usual at the close of the year, they seem to
be in pretty good shape, .judging from the
following mail report from New York:
"Generally speaking, tha , market Is firm, as
stocks, of most varieties in the hands of job
bers are very much smaller than usual at this
season, and there is a good prospect for busl- j
ness af(,er the turn of the year. This is par
ticularly true of spot Prunes, which, though
selling only in a hand-to-mouth way, are held
firmly up to the quotations.' No interest in
future shipments is manifested at present, but
holders on the coast do not seem to be par
ticularly anxious to sell and we hear of no
offerings below a l 1 jc f. o. b. four-size bag
basis for the intermediate sizes, with a pre
mium of at least a quarter of a cent on 40a
and 90s. Oregon Italians are reported to bo
closely cleaned up on the coast and supplies
here are not urged. * Little demand for Rais
ins of any kind exists at present. For Call
fornia seeded stock on the spot market is dull
and unsettled, though wo hear' of no offerings ]
of fancy old crop below 5^0.' Offerings from i
the coast attract no attention, even when a :
concession of half a cent from the combine's
quotation of 6c f. o. b. for fancy Is made by
outside . coast seeders. Malaga Raising are
easy under pressure to clean lip holding's. Cur
rants remain very firm; but we hear of no
business of . consequence. Figs are still dull
and weak." <
FRUITS— Apricots, 8@>llc for Royals and 10 ;
@12%c for Moorparks; Nectarines, 6%@8^o '
for White and t>^07*ic for Red; Peaches. 7%@
&%c per lb; Pears, 7@12c; Plums, pitted, t!® i
iiV;C for black, 7%@S*io for red and 7<@S%c
for yellow; Figs, 2-crown bricks, 45c; 3-crown, j
BOo; 4-crown, 00c; C-crown, 65c; bulk white, i
2%@3c; black,- 2%@5L&c; Evaporated Apples.
4©«c per lb. '
PRUNES — l*J@l?4c per lb for the four slxea
and 2%c basis for iJie large sizes.
RAISINS — 1904 crop f. o. b. Fresno — Impe- !
rial • dustere, $2 25©:: 50; Dehesa, ?1 30ft 1 33 ; ;
London Layers, S5c@$l; Loom Muscatels, 4- ;
crown. 69i%c: 3-crown, 4V4c; 2-crown. 3@SWc; •
Seeded, 4->i©Cc: Thompson's Seedless, 4$© ■
4 He; Seedless Sultanas, 3©6e per lb. -
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 12@13c; No. '
2, 10®llc; No. 1 hardshell, 12c; No. 2. 10c: j
Almonds, U!@17e for Nonpareils, 14@14#c for i
I X L, 13Mi@UVae for Ne Plug Ultra and lie
for Languedoc; Peanuts, (ligTc for Eastern;
Pecans, ll@13c; Cocnanuts, $15005; Chest
nuts. «ii@lOc per lb for Italian.
HONEY— Comb. ll%@13c for white and 10®
lie for amber; water white extracted. 6%<B6c;
lfght amber extracted, 5g."»Uc; dark, aifl^c.
j BEESWAX— 27®20c per lb. j
Provisions. N
The markets continue of a holiday character,
both here and at ■ Western centers. • !
CURED MEATS— Bacon, lOVic per lb for ;
heavy. 10%c for light medium, 13c for light, I
14c for extra light and 14^c for sugar-cured;
dry Salt Sides.:- 10c; Bellies, lie; Eastern su
gar-cured Hams, 12 to 14 lbs, 12'f.o; 15 to 16
lbs, 12c; 17 to 20* lbs. ll%c; California
Ham?, ll%c; Mess Beef (10(910 00 per - bbl;
extra Mess, $10 50f 11; Family, f 12012 SO;
prime Mess Pork, $14 60; extra clear. $22;
I Met*, ?18. 10; Pig Pork. $25; Pigs' Feet. $5;
Smoked Beef, 14c per lb. ■•
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6%c p«r lb for
California compound, 7c. for Eastern compound
and 8c for pura: half- barrels, pure, S^ic;-10
1b tins. 9«ic; 5-lb tins. 9%c; 3-lb tins. 10c.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel, 8%c; three
half barrels. 8»jc; one tierce, 8%c; two tlarcet.
&V£c; five tierces, 8^c per lb.
. Hides, Tallow. Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie;. medium,. 10c; light, 8%@10c; Cow
Hides, 9%@10c for heavy and 9%@10c for
light; Stags. 7®7tfc: Salted Kip. 10%c; Salted
Veal. ll@n%c; Salted Calf, 11%@>12%c; dry
Hides. 17^<51Sc; dry Ktp, 15c; dry Calf, 20c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 25@40c each; short
Wool, 50@75c each; medium. 90c@?l 10: long
Wool. $1 25@1 75; Horse Hides, salt, $8 for
large and $2 50 for medium, *1 5032 for small
.and 50c. for Colts; Horse Hides, dry, $175 for
large and $1 50 for medium, $1 for small. 50c
for Colts. Buck Skins— Dry Mexican, 30c; dry
salted Mexican. 25c: dry Central American,
30c; Goat Skins — Prime -Angoras, 75c; extra
large do, $1 25; large, 60c; medium, £5c;
email, 20c. ., • . . „
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4S4%c perlb;
No. 2, 3^c; Grease, 2%@3c.
WOOL— -Full clip — San Joaquln and • South
ern, 9@llc; Southern. 8@X)c; Southern Moun
tain, 0$'Ui?; Mi-Idle Counties, free, I2@14c;
do defectivj, lOS^c; Northern, free, 12@14c;
do defective, 10@12c; Humboldt and Mendo
cino, 16@18c per lb.
HOPS— 1904 crop. 25®2Sc p«r lb; 1903 crop,
17H@18c bid. ■
Meat Market.
Receipts about equal the demand and quota
tions remain as before. ■ '
■ DRESSED MEATS. .;
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
-are as follows: . • .
BEEF— 6#7c for Steers and 4%®6o, per lb
for Cows. ■ ■• — ';-" - ~ - •
VEAI Large, C%@8c; small. 8<3S)&o per lb.
. MUTTON— Wethers, 7©8c; Ewes. 6%27Ho
per lb. '
LAMB— 9@10c per lh. . • ,.
PORK— Dressed Hogs, 6H@S^c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less 409
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 7%@7%c; Cows and Heif
ers, SUjCO'/ic; thin Cows, 4@5c per lb.
CALVES — l@4VSc per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 3H@3%c; Ewes, 3®3Ho
per lb (gross weight). •• . ' .
LAMUS— $2 io<a- 73 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs, 200 to 250 lbs, 4%@4%c:
130 to 200 lba, 5(g5Uc; 80 to 130 lbs, 4%@4%c;
soft Hogs, not wanted; Sows, 20 per cent off:
Boars. 50 per cent off, and Stags, 40 per cent
off from abova quotations. . . -
G«neral Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain Bags, 6%©5%c spot and 6@
Oijc for next year; Wool Bags, 30@32c; Fleece
Twine, Hie. ■ •
COALi — Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wel
lington, $8; Seattle, $6 50; Bryant, - $S 50;
Beaver Hill, $5 60: Roslyn, $7; Coos Bay, $5 50'
Richmond, $8; Cumberland, $13 in milk and
114 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
I $14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump,
I $11 50; Cann«l, $9 per ton; Coke.- $11- 50© 13 per
I ton in bulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky Mountain
; descriptions, $S 50 per short ton.
I OILS— Quotations are for barrels; for cases
■ add 5c; Linseed. 65c per gallon for boiled and
5.To for raw; Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1, 70c;
Bakers' AA, cases. $1 10@l 12; Lucol. 50c for
boiled and 48c for raw; China Nut, cases, 65@
80c per gallon; Cocoanut Oil, in barrels, 58c
for Ceylon and 55c for . Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil, 6Sc; natural win
ter Sperm Oil. 63c; extra bleached winter
Whale Oil. 67c; natural Whale Oil, 52c; extra
winter strained Lard Oil, 75c; No. 1 Lard Oil,
66c- pure Neatsfoot Oil, 73a; No. 1 Neaufoot
Oil 63c; light Herring Oil, 42c; dark Herring
Oil, 40c; Salmon Oil, 34c; boiled Fish Oil. 37e;
raw Fish Oil, C5c; bolltd Paint Oil. 33c; raw
Paint Oil, 81c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil In' bulk,
13c; Pearl Oil. In cases. 19%e; Astral. 19%c;
Star, 19Uc;' Extra Star, 22X4c; Elaine, 28c;
Eocene, 21V4c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, in
bulk. 16c; In. canes, 22>ic; Benzine. In bulk,
13c; in cases, 1914c; 86-degree Gasoline, In
bulk, 25c; in canes, 81C--
TURPKNTINE— 75c per gallon In -cases and
t9c in drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— R«d Lead. 7%O
7%p oer lb; White Lead. 7%©7fcc: according
to "quantity. 6 <<■:■%■ ■ ' < ■
SUOAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows per lb. In 100-lb bags :
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 6.23c;
Powdered. 6.10c; Candy Granulated, 6.10c; Dry
Granulated,' fine, 6c; Dry Granulated, coarse,
6c: Fruit Granulated, 6c; Beet Granulated
(100-lb bags only). 5.90c; Confectioners'. A, 6c;
Magnolia A. 6.60c; Extra C, 6.50o; Golden C,
5.40c; "D,"' 6.80c; barrels, 10c more; half
barrels, 25c more; boxes. 5Oc more; 50-lb.bags,
100 more for all kinds. , Tablets — Half barrels.
0.60c ; boxes, 6.75c; H. * E. Crystal Dominos,
9c per lb. No orders taken for less than ssv
enty-tlve barrels or, Its equivalent. .
Receipts of Produce. ,
FOR THURSDAY. DECEMBER 29.
Flour, qr ; sks... 9,851 Lime, .bbls .';.... 91
Wheat, ctls ..... 365 Paper, rolls ..... 635
Barley ctls .... 8.647 Brandy, gals ... . 3,600
Oats ctls...... 68 Feed. . sks 347
Corn* ctls •; 25 Beans, sks ..... 10
Tallow ctla .... 294 Potatoes, ska .... l,»20
Sugar, ctls 2.000 Bran, sks l.niS :
Raisins bxs ... 750 Middlings, sks ... 835 •
.Wine gals ...... S9.8.T0 Hay, tons ...... 370
Leather rolls .. 279lHops. bales ..... 101
Hides, No ...... 1,1 48' Wool, bales , 23
Pelts, bdls 1,000
OREGON.
Wheat, otls 6,573|Oats, ctls 2.020
BA8TERN.
Corn, ctls '. 6001
STOCK j MARKET.
Mi nine Shares / Still ■ Active, bnt the
Others Dull.
Business was again flat on the Stock and
Bond Exchange yesterday and beyond a . de
cline In Gas and Electric to $03 75. there were
no changes. The Tonopah and oil ; stocks wero
also ;• without feature. • The Comstocks ■ con
tinued sctlve, but 'at a lower plane of quo
tations' than prevailed on • the preceding 1 day. 1
The Woodmen of .the World Ilall Associa
tion has i declared a ! dividend of ' lBc.-
Late 'assessments are: Socrates Con. Min
ing Company/ le; delinquent January 6; Wut
chumna Water Company, $10,-. January 25;
"Uphill Ditch Company. • 50c, January 20; Ni
agara Oil Company, , 12**e, January - 26; San
Andreas Gold . Channel ' Mining Company,
January 3. ■ .. - v ;•■;
The City and County, Bank has declared. a
I semi-annual dividend ..to. stockholders at .the
I- rate of • 6 per cent ; per. annum. " . '
The ' Hibernia ' Savi tips ■ and ' Loan Society has
declared a semi-annual -■ dividend at the rate
of 3',^'. per. cent, per -annum .on all deposits,
payable January. 3.; " . : .;.- » ■ . ■
1 The" Pa clflci Coast Borax CcVnpany ipald ■''a
regular, monthly "fllvldend of $1 per : share "yes
terday or; $10, 000.^ » . ; :•: - : . { ..-,•■
•;, The Smelting and Refining Com
pany, has 'declared : quarterly ' dividends < of ; 1%
I«r i cent ' on - the '• preferred * stock - and " H4 'P*r
cent on >. the conrtnon stock, i the former ; payable
on January 10 and the latter on January 17.
At the close of business this afternoon the
San Francisco Stock and Exchange Board, the
San Francisco and Tonooah Mining Exchange
and the California Stock and Oil Exchange
will adjourn . until Tuesday morning:, January
3— over New Year's. • ■
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. Dec. 2»— 2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I • Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup..l0e%108! t l4s qr cp new.lSHi —
4s qr reg...l05%103T4|3s qr coup...lO*%105 •
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — |Oak T Co 6s.l2O —
Aaso OU 5s. • — - . 8G% ! Do Cs . — —
Bay CPC 5s.l01% — | Do con 5a. 104% —
Cal C G 5s.lO4% — tOceanlc S Bs. — 74
Cal G & E g • |Om Cable 6s.m% —
m & ct Ss. — 85 Pac G Im 4s. — 03
C C Wat 6s. — 99 P E Ry 5s..lO5%> —
Cal-st C 5S.114 — P & C H 6s.lO4 —
EdL & P 6s. — 128 ' P & O R 6s. — —
K & C H 6«.115% — Powoll-st 6s. — -rr
Oeary-st 5s.. — . 85 ' 'Sac EGARSs.102 102%
H C&S 5%s.lO5 — |SF & SJV5s.ll9% —
Do 5s ....101% — ISlerra R 6s.. — —
Hon R T flp.106% — S P of A 6s
L A Elec 5s.lO5 — | (1909) 10951 —
LAG & El 5s — — | (1010) 110% —
L A Ry 53.. — " — S P of C 6s
L A L Co 6« — — (1905)Sr A. 101 101%
Do gtd 6s. — — <lf»0MSr B. — 103%
Do gtd 5».104% — (1906) 104% —
LAP lem Ss.101 — (1912) .....114% —
Mkt-st C 6».U« 116% SPC 1 eg 5«. — —
Do lem Rs.116 — | Do stampd.lCS% —
MV& MtTSs.100 110 S P B R 6s.l35 138
NRR of Ces.108% — !S V Wat 6s. 104% —
Do 5s 119 .119%j Do 4s 2dm.lOOV4 —
N P C R 5s.l05% — I Do 4s 3dm. S9H 99%
N C Ry 6s.. — — I Do g mtg4a 97% —
N C P C Bs — jStkn.G&Efls. SI —
K S RR Ss. 99 103 |U G & E 5s.lO2% —
OG L&H 5«. — 110 IUR of SF 4s. S7% 87%
OWltdSs.- — |
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 25 — IPort Costa... — —
. Marin Co.... — 59T;iS V Wat Co. 39 39%
GAS AND ELECTRIC. -.<■'■
Cent L & P. 3% 4%|S F G & B. 53% 54"
Mutual EL.— 11 IStkn G A E. — 3%
Pac L. Co... 60 — |U a & E Co. — —
INSURANCE. "••"
Flrem'i Fnd. — 340 I
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk..l28% — |L P & A IM —
Anglo-Cal .. 87% — |Mer Trust.... — 230 '
Bank of Cal.421% — Merch Ex.... 50 —
Cal Safe Dp.152 .-— - |S F National. — —
First Nationl — . — i
. SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger B & L.2330 — ISav & L So.. — 100
Hum S & L. — .— (Sec Sav Bk.. — 424
Mutual Sav. 99% — I Union T Co.. — 8300
S P Sav U.610 i 975 | ■' :-
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..200 — {Presidio — 43
Geary — 60 |
POWDER.
Giant ..-.. 63* 63%|V(gorit .....'. 8 4H
". SUGAR. ,.
Hawaiian C. 73 74 llTakawell C.. 82 —
Honokas. S C 18 18>,i|Onomea S C. 32 — •
Hutch S P C 15 15%|Paauhau S C. 20% 20%
Kllauea S C. 4% 6%| . . .-.
MISCELLANEOUS. '■ .J '. ".
Alaska. P A. 92 — | Oceanic S Co. 4 6%
Cal F C A. — 99%|Pao Aux FA. 4% —
Cal Wine A. — 85 |Pac C Borx.157 —
MV& MtTCs. 95 102 |Pao S Tel Co.l07T610S%
. .. ■■; BALES. ' .
Morning Session.
■ Board' — ■ . • ■ : "-■ •, ■
20 Pacific Coast Borax 137 00
$5,000 U R R of S F 4s, cash...... 87 62%
$13,000 Pacific Electric Ry & per cent.. 106 00
••Street-*- r . r
100 Spring Valley Water Cn . . 89 25
$10,000 U R R of S F 4s. cash...... 87 50
• Afternoon Session.
Board— '
26 Honokaa S Co 18 12%
• 6 Faauhau S P Co 20 CO
15 S F Oas A Electric 34 00
40 S F Gas &. Electric 53 75
Street —
$5,000 Sacramento El Gas A Ry Ss..lO2 12%
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 6s. 99 — iSF «-. NP 6s.ll2% —
B L Wat- 6s. — 114%iS P C R 4s. 96 —
Cal NW 5s.. — 113% S P Co 4%s. 9ft«4100%
M C Wat 63.100 — (Sun Tel «s...U4% —
Rls I Wks5s— 105 I Do 5s 1C6 —
SF Drdk 5s. 112 — ISuttr-st R5s.lO4 " —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS. . '. .''
Ala S Co... — 25 IMat Nav Co. 70 —
Amer Bis Co — 90 Nev Nat Bk.200 —
Cal Cot Mils 80 - |N Cal P. Co. — 10
Cal G&ECor. 49% 50 I Oak Bk Sav.125 —
C Jockey C1.110 — |Oak T Con.. 75 — .
Cal Powder.. 130 145 HOOF Hall A 6% —
Cal Ship Co. — 21 lOrpheum Co. — 16%
Cal T I & T — '.165 iPacC Cas Co.125 ' —
Cen Bk. Oak 65 — |Pac Sur Co. 106 —
Chutes Co .. — 6 'IParaf Paint., 39 — "
City & C Bk — 120 IS F Drydock. — 83
Cjp L Imp.. — 6% SF&SJ Coal. 17% 20
DptPwd pfd. — 85 S J Wat Co.103% — -
Do com .. — CO .ISO & MTgbt.125 —
FN Bk, Oak.120 — Swlss-A Bk..li0 —
Fischer Thtr — . 1U Truck Elect.. U 12%
Frnch-X' Bk.108 — I Union S Co.. — 31%
Hono P Co.. 27 30 IUR InC pfd. 65% 6tt%
Do pool .. — 29 I Do.com ... 17 —
Lon& SF Bk 60 — |
. : .• sales. .
Afternoon Session. . .
■ 8treet— ' . ■ • •' ' . .■.-:=. ■'--
75 Cal Gas & Elect Corp 50 00
, California Stock and Oil Exchange.
Oil Stocks— - Bid. Asked.
Apollo . 40
Assoc Oil Co. Stck Tr Cec.. 26 27
Caribou < 9 75
Central Point Con.... 70
Chicago Crude 22 ....
Claremont X . . , SO
Coalinga & Pacific 65 ....
Forty ..' 40
Four » ..- 54 35
Hanford .........185 CO 200 05
Home 41 43
Independence ............... 29- . 30
Kern 5 00
Kern (New) 80
Kern River 13 00
McKlttrick 10 ....
Monte Cristo - .... 80
Occidental of W. Va CS
Peerless 14 00
Sovereign 30 ....'
Sterling . 2 85
Superior I.. 03 ....
Toltec 24"
Twenty-Eight .... 13 00
Miscellaneous — • .; , ',■
Associated Oil Co. Bonds.., 8« 00
Abby Land & Impt 1 00 " 125
Northern Cal Powder 9 00 8 75
SALES.
Mornln; Session. -
Eoard — .j.y • H,t <- .'*' .i* .•> ,"> .
750 Associated Oil 28
100 Monte Cristo.... 77%
j 50 Monte < Cristo SO
■ . : ' ,. Afternoon Session. -
. Board— • :
600 Coalinga Pacific 65
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning • Session—- Comstccks.
300 Andes '83? 50ff Ophlr ....... .6 23
800 Andes 82 200 Ophlr ......6 87%
100'Beloher 23 3C0 Overman 10
100 Best & Belch. 1 10 1R0O Potoei - IB
300 Best & Belch. 1 15 200 Savage 25
200 Caledonia .... 47 500 Savage ....... 24
1P0 Caledonia .... 46 100 Beg Belcher... 00
900 Chollar .. 29 200 Sierra Ner...; : 64
1100 Con Cal & V.I SO CCO Sierra Nev 33
100 Confidence ... 76 200 Sierra Nev.:.. 65
200 Crown Point.. 16 500 Silver HIU.... 62
1100 Gould & Cur. 251 730 Union Con.... 73
■ 300 Justice ...... 091 300 Union Con.... ■ 72
600 Kentuck 02! 300 Utah OS
600 Mexican 1 75t 600 Yellow Jacket. 17
. 200 Mexican ...'.. 1 S0|
v^ ',; Afternoon Session — Corns tocks.
1200 Andes 28 600 Mexican .'.1 70
100 Andes 30 300 Mexican 163
400 Andes ... 27 200 Occidental ... 82
100 Best & Belch.l 10 50 Ophlr ...\'..<t 12»4
200 Belcher 22 100 Ophlr ..5 50
1C0 Caledonia .... 42 200 Ophlr ,6 62%
200 Caledonia .... 4l|" 200 Ophlr ........S75
100 Bullion 23 100 Overman 03
200 Challenge ..." 19I10O0 Potosl .. ..' 17
200 Challenge . . . • 201 200 Savage ;. ' 23
600 Chollar 27| 200 Sierra Nev.... 50
1100 Con Cal & V.I 801 100 Sierra Nev:... ' 48
BO Confidence ... 751 200 Sierra Nev.... 49
1C0 Crown Point.. 16! 400 Union Con.... 66
2100 Gould & Cur. -25 1 100 Union Con..,. 64
100 Goulfl & Cur. 24 illCO Union Con ' 63.
200 Hale & Norc.l 051 100 Utah 06
10 Justice 101 100 Yellow Jacket. .18
100 Justice .C9|
CLOSING. QUOTATIONS. .
' ' Bid. Ask.l Bid. Ask.
Alpha . ..10 12lJul!a ......... 06 ' CS
Alta 06 08iJustIce 08 .10
Andes 23 2T| Kentuck 01 02
Belcher .. 22 • 23lLadv Wash .. 02 OR
Best St Belch.l 10 1 15! Mexican ...... 1 35 1 60
Bullion ....... 20 >21|Occldental ... -83 - • 87
Caledonia ....-40 41 Ophir 6 23 5 27
Challenge ...< 18 20lOverraan ..... 08 C9
Chollar 20,, 27lPotosl 17 IS
Confidence ... 75 SOjScorplon' ; " IS 13
Con Cal & V.I 75- 1< 80 1 Savace :......- -23 - 24
Con Imperial. 01 OClSejr Belcher... 07 03
Con N Y 08 Ofi! Sierra Nev 4fl 4S
Crown Point..' 16 17l«?ilver Hill.... 60 «t
Eureka Con..-— BO'Pt. Louis .... j
Exchequer .:.- 47 ,. 4S'SyndIcate .... 17\-20
B. Sierra Nev 03 • 05l ITnion- - Con .... «C CT
Gould & Cur. 23 24lUtah: 00 07
Hale &, Norc.l 00 l.lClYfllow Jacket. ,. Iff . 17
. TONOPAH "AND GOLDFIELD STOCKS.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. •
"...■.. - : Tonopab. - - • ..- ■
P&BEffSS&lt Rid.Ask.M'^gSl B!d.A-k.
Ton of.Nev.^/^n 9 75|Ton.& Cal.... •— • It
Mont Ton ...1 851 POfRay & O'Brien M 07
Ton Exten . .2 90 3 OftlPaymaster. . . . C3 04
MacNamara .>• 26' 27IMIzoah Ex'.. 12 ' —
Ton Midway.. •• XI ' 3.^1 Little Ton ... 3ft
Ton Belmont.. .67 '70! Eaperanza ■"...; 01 02
-Ton N Star...- '2O -"Anchor.: 17 22
Ton Ohio :.-..; 20!Ou1dct ....... 11 —
West End ... 12 16IN T Ton Con. 13 14
Ton Gold Mt. 14 1iiTlmb«r Hill... 8S —
Rescue ...... 06 0"!
• Goldfleld 1 .
Sandstorm... 4!> SO K!ack liutte .. 18 13
Red Top 15 17i Booth M Co.. — . 13
Goldfleld Mhk 17 —(Blue Bull ... 15 20
Columbia 21 "22Arlams 10 -11
Diamondflcld. 2S 29| Silver Pick ... — 18
Jumbo 33 (UMay Queen .. 16 w"
Juinbo Ex .. 21 2:Nev3i!a. Boy... 1" —
Vernal Slin .. 13 l."i|Orl? Bullfrog. 15 IT
Pennsylvania — C9. Bullfrog Mln.. 70 —
Goldfield «9 * 7O.'nii B'ltte Ex 10 —
Kendall 2t) L'ti South Western CO —
Oakland .25 30,'
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fna-
Cisco and Tonopah -Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
1C00 Elack Antfl .. 06! 50 Ton Belmont.. 69
1000 Goldfleld Ton. C5'3CuO Ton Midway.. 33
1C0 Jumbo : 5»*2suo Ton " N Star. . . 20»
21C0 MacNamara . 261 10CO Ton N Star... H
300 Mont Ton ...1 Mijono Ton N Star... 22
1000 N X Ton Con 10! 500 Vernal Min .. 13
2000 Rescue . . : 061
Afternoon Session.
1CC0 Free Gold M. ll| 100 Mont Ton ...1 88
1500 Gldfld Titii L..- W3CC0 N Y Ton Con. f»
1000 HacN'amara . 27| 1<X> Ton of N«v. .$> 50
100 Mont Ton., 1 825 illCCO Vernal Mln .. 12
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. ; :
• Bid. Ask. I , ■ '• Bid. A*'*.
Adams 10 111 Lucky Tom... 05 17
Austin G M.'. — SO MacNamara -.28 17
Black Butte., IS — IMont Ton.l 32H 1 W^i
Bullfrog Mln.- — 701 N Y T Con M. C9 —
Diamondfleld. 23 —Ori* Bullfrog. M —
Dixie Min ... — 20J Paymaster ... 03 : Ot
Erperanza ... 01 1 2 l!ay * O'Brien — ; C8
Frer Gold M. — 13, Red Top 15 .17
Gold Anchor. — 23!Re*cue OH «'8
Golufield B Bl — 05»P.othwell OM. It Sb
Goldfield Dm.l 20 — I Sandstorm ... 80 .—-
GoldflelA-Mln. 67 • 70-TonBelmoBt. . — «8
GlJfld Red L. 05 — iTon Gold Mt. 13 --
Hazel Kirk .. — 12iTon Midway.. 33 35
Jumbo .'. % 57 CO iTon" of Nev. 9 50 0 f&M
Juinbo Ex .. . — 22 Ton N Star... 19 il
Little Ton .. 33 ii. Vernal Mln. .. 11 <-
KEAIj KSTATE TRANSxVCTIONSl.
THURSDAY. DECEMBER 23.
Ellen O'Neill to David Samuels, lot on a
line of Ivy avrnne,' 165 W of Polk street, W
27:6 by S 60; $10. . . X.i [
Central Trust Company of California to Har
riet Holm, lot on S£ corner of Fell and. Octavte
streets, E 55 by S 12O: $10.
John and Kate Phll!ipp» to Frank I. Freitas,
lot en NE corn -r vf Filbert and Laguna »tr«?t»,
N 22:6 by E «2:6; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Chris
tian J. Clemens, lot on \V line of Pierce, street,
110-N of McAllister. N-27:d by W 82:«; $- — >-.
George W. and Ella Kline to Realty Im
provement Company, lot on 9W corner of
Haight and Ashbury : streets. W 205, S 137:6.
E 115, S 12:8, E 31:3. N 30. B 23:9, N 10. B
80. N 90; ?10.
WHiiiim and Catherine J. Fahey to .Thorn**
Hancock,- lot «>r> S. line of Haight street, 25 W
of Belvedere, W 25 by 8 1C0; $10. ' . . '.■
Theodore J. and Florence T. SaYaga t» iam#,
lot on SW corner of Haight and Belvedere
streets, W 25 by S lt-0; $10.
San Francisco Ladles' Protection and Relief
Society to Danial Einstein, lot on NB corner «f
Willard and Fulton streeta. E 387, NW 4S. NW
22^. W 420. S 275; $50,000.
Peter J. McGlynn to Robert O. and Andriean*
M. Hoffman.* lot on- NW corner of Blrhte*ntH
and Church street* N 83, NW to point 25 W
of Churdh. S 90, E 25; $10. . ' -
Elizabeth and Flortan . Stoesser to John B.
Kenny, lot on NE corner of Twenty-sixth, -and
Sanches streets. N 27 by E 8O; $10.
Cuneo & Ccsta Company to William X.
Cooper, lot on E line of Stockton straet. 59:8 3
of Clay. S 22 by E 68:9; $10. .
Vlrtjinia Carramelll to A. E. Pollexfen and
Frank W. Weiman, lot on E line of Brooklyn
place, 5T:6 S of Sacramento street. S 2ft by B
67:6; $10.
J.' Cuneo Company to Isidor Llpmaa. lot on I*
line of Jackson street. 101 W of Stockton. W 1
64:6. N 62 :t>. E 2S, N 55. R S6:«, S 117:6; $10w
Glambatista Caprile to same, lot on N Una
of Jackson street, 16?>:6 W of Stockton. N
62:6. E 2*. N 57:6, E 36:6, S 120. W 6VA
quitclaim deod ; $1. • • •
Marie Couderc to Milly or Milred Freud,
lot on 9 Une of Clay street. 114:6 E of Jones.
E 23 by S 60; $10.
California Title Insurance * and Trust^Cora
pany to William F. and Henry Rancke. lot
on E line of Tennessee street 434:11% N of
Twenty-third, N 16:0\i E 100, S 33, W 40,
S -16, NW to beginning;' $10.
City and County of San Francisco to HI
bernla Savings and Loan Society, lot on .N*
Une of Point Loboa avenue. 57 :6 . E Of Flf t*
avenue. E 50 by N 10O; $ :
Robert and Christine F. M"MU1 to William
S. Cook, lot on S line of J street, 32:6 B
Of Forty-seventh avenue E 25- by 3 10O; $10.
George U. Hind to Edith McCarthy (wtfa
of William N.). lot on NW corner of Forty
eighth avenue and Q street. N £7:6, W 94:%
S 87:7%. E 85; $10.
Morris B. and Corinne B. Wells to B. M.
Lombard. - Outside Lands blocks 1184, 1187 and
1183. quitclaim deed; $1. • *
B. M. and Caroline S. Lombard to Security
Savings and Trust Company, same; $1.
Julius C. Reis to Margaret J. Allan, lot 22,
block 4. Rels Tract: grant. . .
Estate of Dora Ferris <by Charles Ferris
administrator) to Jacob Welssbeln, . lot 33.
block 1. HoUy Park; $505.
William A. and Thomas Magee Jr. (and as
trustees of Frederic F. and Walter Mage« and
estate of Thomaa Magee) to John Doyle, lot
on S corner of Mission street and Franc*
avenue. SW 50 by SE 83:6. block 6, Excelsior
Homestead; $650. . "... -V; >
Thomas A. Wallace to Anna D. Jcost, lots
10 and 13. block 28. Sunnyslde; $10.
S. Ducas Co. to Central Trust Company, lota
1 to 43. block 370 O'Neill & Haley Tract; $10.
Masonic Cemetery Association to El!sh»
Freeman, lot In cemetery ; $55.
Oswald and Maud Wallace to Conrad and
Dora Hoffmann, lot on S line of Rutledgs
street. 80 E of Alabama. S 73 by E 50, Pre
cita Valley blocks 202 and 203; $10.
Builders* Contracts.
Julia Bre*sler (owner) with J. B. .Osborn
and F. B. Adams (contractors), architect J. B.
Ogborn — AH work for a two-story and base
ment frame ' building on - lot on N line of
Clement - atre*t. 55 W of Sixth avenue, W 2tJ
by 120; $5438.
Louis Metzcer (owner) with. United Con
struction Company (contractors), architect
Eylvain Schnaittache^ — Excavation and con
crete work for a four-story frame bulldlnr on
lot on intersection of NW line of Market street
and S line of Sixteenth. SW 154:9%. N 100:7%.
E 117:8%: $2382.
Same owner with Thomas H. Day's Sans
(contractors), • architect- saa« — Carpenter and
millwork for same on same; $1S.97O.
Same owner with M. Levy • Company (eon
tractors), architect same— Plumbing, sewer-
In* and gas fitting for same on same; $4270. -
Same owner with Floodberg & McCafSrer
(contractors), architect same — Lathing »n4
plastering. for same on same; $4080.
TKIAIi OP STIFFENS FOR
FRAUDULENT VOTING SEP
Motion to Set Aside the Indictment Is
Made and Denied and Demurrer
13 Disallowed.
When the c&se of Adolph Steffans,
charged with fraudulently votin« at
the last primary election, waa called
In Judge Lawlor's court yesterday to
be set Attorney O'Grady, on behaUf of
the defendant, made a motion to s«t
aside the indictment. It waa alleged
that the indictment waa not found or
indorsed or presented' as prescribed^
by the- Penal Code: that the "Indict
ment waa found without the concur
rence of twelve members of the Grand
Jury, and was not presented b-» tho
foreman to the court in presence of
the other members of the Grand Jury.
After argument of counsel the Judge
denied the motion. O'Grady there
upon filed a demurrer to the Indict
ment on similar grounds, which alter
argument was disallowed.
The prosecution asked for a speedy
trial and after discussion the Judge
set the case for trial on January 5:
It will follow the trial of Charles Wy
man, charged. with a similar offense,
which is, set for January 3.
ARGUE ELECTION- BOARD DEMURREK.
judge Lawlor heard fnrther argument yester
day af temooa on ■ the demurrsr interposed by
the Election Ccmmlssioners to the accusation
of the Grand Jury charging them with mis
feasance In office. Attorney Cator closed tor
the defendants and Attorney Hosner argued
for the prosecution. A . point *s to, whether
evidence ihouM t« taken on tne.traestion of
the accusation being concurred In by only ten
grand Jurors will b« argv«d U>is afternoon at
2 o'clocK. •
ADVEKTISE31EyTS.
WMMffMINim
JAN -FSA.mSC0 STOCK)
EXCHANGE BOARD C
>7he SigBMtrd. " ««
\A'a$ deci<Xcai6lijl ihe leadinf\
I XJTOCKJin the dfave di\sfrich?\
X/?£61OA£ CA II <»*?+'+£ZKH.\
1516
JOE ROSEXBEllG'S.
No Better
Made
. Than these=
KID-FITTING \
: UNDERWEAR
!;. - Made end Fit as they i
should — Knit to Fit and \
Woven to Wear : : : :
REUBENS INFANTS* UNDER-
• VEST — Made of knitted fab-
ric, non-lrii latin g- to the most z
sensitive Ekin. fit snugly over
s " the abdomen by new patent. ?
\'< Large site, 35c; -^ „ ?
i!'! small and medium *y^f* /
r I
I Children's Celebrated \
MENTOR, VESTS AND PANTA-
•;/ LETS — Made of the finest san-
itary cotton, double twisted
Jersey knit, velvet finished,
sanitary bleached; vest high
neck and long: sleeves; panta-
lets - ankle length _
. ' and French band. *y K />
Price £O\t
MtLRODtC
CHTLDREN'S VESTS AND
y PANTS— The underwear that s
was awarded the first prize at
the St. Louis Exposition, made
it ' of 70 per cent wool, unshrlnk-
z< able. J warmth and comfort
« giver, jersey knit; vest high
<s neck and long sleeves, pants
<* fhaped and ankle _
is length; in gray or
ti white. Price UVJKj
it _____
I j OP ROSENBERG
I llULj^ Wise Women's Store
I 816 Market St. II OTarreil St.
Wants Damages From City.
Labracberie Bros, yesterday filed a
claim for $1680 damages alleged to
have been sustained owing to the
health officials confiscating sixty
three "cows, which were killed through
the collapse of a barn at Howard and
Bacon streets. The firm says that the
cows were marketable for beef, and
fifty-ftlx were valuable for their hide,
tallow and bone.
Burnett's Vanilla Extract Is cold
ty all the b««t trrocers everywhere, try It. •
•MUST GO TO SAX QCEXTTN. — The Su
preme- Court yesterday decided that James
Colemnn must serve fifteen years at San Qu«n
tlh for robbery committed In Los Angeles on
Voveicber 26. 1903. The defendant appealed
en -the ground that h- had not been sentenced
In Uie Dvcner prescribed by law.
■ ■ ' ADVERTISEMENTS.
MAGMN'S RELIABLE WEAR, Jife&v
Jlff^ for WOMENjigd CHILDREN J|O||
Annual Clearance Sale
of Children's and Misses'
Coats, Jackets and
Millinery.
. * " • ; Ages x to 16 years.
- ' CHILDREN'S LONG COATS, imported models, made
• of chiffon velvets, French Chappel cloths and London woolen
corduroy; colorings navy, burnt onion, brown, cardinal,
leather color, gTeen and white; sizes a to 14 fi^lff i\i\
years. $25.00 to $50.00 values reduced to *j)I J.UU
CHILDREN'S FANCY WOOLEN CLOTH COATS,
\ . -get 2 to 14 years. $15.00 and $20.00 values Clfl i\i\
1 reduced to 3>IU.UU
CHILDREN'S FANCY CLOTH COATS; ages a to 8
years, $7.50 and $5.00 values, reduced to fi^O ff i"|
CHILDREN'S FANCY CLOTH COATS, «ges a to 14 f
years, $13.50 and $10.00 values reduced to Q/* f\f\ |
CHILDREN'S VELVET COATS, with lace collars; 1
ages 2 to 5 years. $8.50 values reduced to. .. &A f\f\ |
MISSES' JACKETS, made of. covert cloth and fine !
cheviots, in brown, navy and red, lined . throughout with p
guaranteed satin; sizes 12 to 18 years. $i8!oo QCZ Sfi I
to $10.50 values reduced to ,.^D«DU 1
CHILDREN'S RAIN COATS, made of English rain- I
proof material, in blue and tan, ages 10 to 14 Cff ffH I
years. $10.00 values reduced to ...>])3»OvF I
CHILDREN'S MILITARY CAPES, made of cheviot: - * I
lined with red flannel; sizes 2 to 7 years; $7.50 (A AA I
values reduced to » y^«UU |
Children's and Misses' Millinery
Imported and Domestic Models. Prices have been re- i
k duced to less than one-half former figures. |
[ 918-922 Market St. No Branch stores. |
t ' ■ - ; ■ ■ ■
DENIES DECREE
TO DR. ESTES
Judge Kerrigan Decides in
' JFavor of Chorus Girl Who
Fought Suit for Divorce
HER DEFENSE SUCCEEDS
Counter - Charges Sufficient
to Block Husband's Case.
Wives Want Separations
Dr. Weston B. Estes, physician on a
steamship plying between this port and
Panama, has not found it easy to rid
himself of his chorus girl wife, who
was Myrtle Scott when she played at
Fischer's Theater and who is now with
the Kolb-Dlll troupe In Australia-
Judge Kerrigan had the case under
submission for several weeks and yes
terday decided to deny the doctor's
prayer for an Interlocutory decree.
Estes charged his wife with cruelty,
the main allegation being based upon
her attempt to have him confined in
Mrs. Atkinson's sanitarium on Sutter
street for the cure of the morphine
habit. She had him handcuffed and
taken there forcibly, but he was re
leased the next day. Mrs. Estes denied
his charges, and In a recriminatory de
fense accused him of neglect and brutal
treatment. She said that he was ad
dicted to the use of drugs" and com
pelled her to go on the stage, sew and
pick fruit for a living. The young doc
tor was said to have borrowed money
from his wife's aunt w Mrs. E. Dexter
Baker, with which to buy furniture for
his office. In the trial of the case it
was shown that Dr. Estes' mother was
very anxious for him to obtain a di
vorce.
Mona Lily Bleakmore yesterday sued
Lea Bleakmore for divorce on the
ground of cruelty. They were married
in Arizona in 1899. She says that on an
occasion when she fainted at the Re
gina Hotel in this city he kicked her,
and when she was ill at the French
Hospital he taunted her with her con
dition and expressed the hope that she
would die.
May Houston, who had her husband,
Matthew Houston, arrested on Decem
ber 19 for beating her, yesterday sued
him for divorce on the ground of cru
elty. Other actions for legal separa
tions were begun by Estella Erb
against Oliver Erb for desertion, and
Harris Gluck against Leah Gluck.
whom hie married In Poland in 1886 and
who deserted him ten years ago.
A $35,000 PURE GOLD
DOG IN TOWN TO-DAY
The 24-carat pure gold Victor Talking '
Machine dog which created so much talk
at the St. Louis Fair arrived* in San
Francisco yesterday. It will be exhibit
ed in the windows of Sherman, Clay &
Co. from 8:30 a. m. until 5:30 p. m. dall>
for one week. This is one of the great
est reproductions Tiffany & Co. of New
York have ever made. The dog stands
about 18 inches high, is composed of
nothing but pure 24-karat gold, while the
metal parts of the talking machine and
horn are of the same material. As the
insurance company requires that both
dog and machine be deposited in the
vaults of the Crocker-woolworth Bank
while the store is closed, it can only be,
seen during the day time.
MAIL CARRIER SUES.— F. H. Stanley, a
postofflce employe, yesterday sued the United
Railroads for (20.000 damages for personal In
juries received on August 21. According to
his complaint he was driving a mall wag-on
along Nineteenth etreet, collecting mall. As
he was crossing Mission street a car struck
the rig and threw it forty feet The wagon
was smashed and Stanley was badly bruised,
he says, and was laid up for repairs for three
weeks.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", FRIDAY, DECEMBER 30, 1904.
MAN IN UNIFORM
DRAWS CONTEMPT
OF ERIN'S SONS
They Dislike All "Peelers'
Jmdge Mogaira, However, Declares
They' ■Should. Dascrimtaate.
BY JAMES C. CRAWFORD.
In a dialect that mingled the South
of Scotland's burr with the West of
Ireland's drone, Donald McAuliffe and
John G. Williams were warmly de
bating at Third and Bryant streets
early yesterday morning when Patrol
man Bruce gently suggested that they
hire a hall.
"For," he added, "your language Is
neither ornamental nor useful to the
casual passer-by."
He was rudely turned upon by Don
ald McAullfte, who addressed him as
a "domd peeler," and insinuated that if
he desired to avoid most serious trou
ble to himself he would move on. Mr.
Williams also said something and his
manner rather than his -words, . which
were unintelligible, convinced the po
liceman that it was intended to con
vey defiance, if not menace. So in
stead of moving on he arrested both
Mr. McAuliffe and Mr. Williams for
disturbing the peace, and all the way
to the prison they talked about him.
He did not understand all they said,
but was satisfied that none of their
allusions were complimentary. They
seemed to be affected with acute po
licephobla, for Mr. McAuliffe de
clared'that he had no more use for
"peelers" In America than he had for
them when he was In Ireland, from
the northern province of which island
both he and his companion recently
arrived.
Neither of the defendants could or
would explain his deep seated dislike
of the police, but Judge .Mogan did
not seem to be in need of enlighten
ment on that point.
"In the country you came from," he
said, "the constabulary is detested be
cause it represents the mailed hand
of oppression, but as the police of this
country are representative-, of good
citizenship they should be immune
from your inherent hatred. When you
have dwelt here another year you
may be ready to confess that the po
lice force of San Francisco, collect
ively and Individually, Is entitled to
the respect Instead of the detestation
of folk who are not criminals. I'll
tell you more about it to-morrow."
Salvator Giovanni, who operates a
fruit business on First avenue, de
manded that a jury, be impaneled to
hear the testimony of the plain clothes
policemen who Inveigled, him into sell
ing a flask of whisky for 25 cents.
Judge Mogan has the demand under
consideration. ' - ' ■ .
Orval Swartout, with hair j parted
in the middle and paletot worn neg
lige, • averred that his carrying of a
concealed ■ pistol was a precautionary
measure in the line of self-protection.
He came here from St. Helena, he ex
plained, to endeavor "to obtain -for
Mrs. E. B. Richardson, wife of an ag
riculturist in that town, a Job that
would be more in keeping with. her
desire and abilities • than .was • the
drudgery of keeping house for a hus
bandman, and as the lady was also
in the city, he feared that her spouse
might come in pursuit and incidental
ly take a shot at him to rebuke his
encouragement of her ambition to're
sume single harness. As the time of
Mr. Swartout's arrest was 3 a. m. and
the place Page and Stanyan streets,
Judge Mogan ordered further investi
gation.
Henry Dillon ' and James Bbarboro,
tent dwellers on "the dumps," as the
place for depositing the city's garbage
is termed, were suspected of having
robbed a butcher shop of several Juicy
steaks and succulent chops. The po
liceman who invaded their canvas
dwelling experienced some difficulty in
effecting their capture, as the interior
was inky dark and they were trucu
lent. Judge Fritz has continued the
hearing until the "officer, has concluded
his quest of the pilfered meat.
Harry Roberts was peddling fruit
at Sixth and Stevenson streets when
a housewife purchased some of his
wares and handed him a $5 gold piece
from which to subtract the price.
Harry affirmed he did not have suffi
cient small change, but would go and
swap the golden coin for silver. He
went, and after waiting until she be
came suspicious the lady told her
trouble to a policeman, who: traced
Harry to the ferry station and there
arrested him as he was buying trans
portation to Emeryville.' He will be
sentenced by Judge Mogan. •
When the case of Quong Tuck, ac
cused of peddling cigars, was called in
Judge Fritz's court there was no re
sponse from the arresting policeman,
registered as C. J. Green. /Then it was
claimed by the defense that the cap
turer of Quong was not a policeman at
all, but an audacious operator, of con
fidence games, who to
blackmail the . Chinese ' by ' threatening
to deliver him at the CityJ Prison if he
declined to obtain release at . the ! cost
of all the money in his . possession.
The game was spoiled by Quong*s faili
, ure to submit to the bluff, ♦ averred . the
! defense, ' and , then i to "save i his : face"
. the counterfeit policeman fulfilled his
! threat and represented -himself at; the
j prison as a special Chinatown > officer.
I Quong has been ! restored .to • freedom
and some policemen of unquestioned
genuineness are in search of Mr.
Green.
Ben McGIynn's young lady friend
was visiting the home of Mr. and Mrs.
A. H. Kohler, 672 Hayes street, the
evening of % November 1, 1904. when
Be n went there and made himself so
disagreeable to all the inmates, the
young lady included, that his expul
sion was effected and his arrest re
quested, but he eluded capture until
last Saturday night, when Patrolman
Kearny identified him as a peace dis
turber at Hayes and Laguna streets.
Judge Mogan pronounced him. guilty
Oi. both charges and is reserving sen
tence.
Daniel Carroll, who was found In
the company of several confirmed
vagabonds on Commercial street, de
clared that his arrest for vagrancy
was one of the greatest blunders ever
committed by Patrolmen Davids and
McGrayen, whose special function it
is to ascertain the true social status
of "wine joint" habitues.
"I'm a stableman from B'lingum,"
Mr. Carroll averred, "and If It comes
to a showdown of character I'll match
mine against that of any man in San
Francisco." \ .
"You move- In the first circle of Bur-
Hngame — B'lingum — society. I pre
sume?" remarked Judge Mogan.
"Any of the first families down there
can tell you who I am. Just subpena
them and you'll find more style in
your court 'in one day than has ever
been in It."
Clerk "Pat" Grey did not have 400
blank subpenas on hand, so his Honor
took Mr. Carroll's word for it and or
dered his dismissal.
Nellie St. Clair, a comely octoroon,
will be tried In the Superior Court on
the charge of grand larceny. She was
sent there by Judge Fritz, who fixed
her bail In the sum of $2000.
It was MIbs St. Claires love of fine rai
ment that . made her a candidate for
the- penitentiary. From the City of
Paris dry goods emporium she obtained
one black etamine dress, valued at $80,
by falsely representing 1 that she had
been sent for the garment by Mrs. W.
J.. Hyde of 115 Athol avenue, Oakland,
and the goods were found in her pos
session.
"Ah, heaven, Judge, darling!" ex*
claimed Senorlta Frances Lopez, squat
of figure and tawny of complexion,
•when his Honor Judge Cabaniss had
sentenced her to three months' lmpris-
onment for vagrancy. "Dree mont de
varra long time! Please, darling!"
"Your endearment might be more ef
ficacious if you had not just completed
a six months' term," was the Judge's
response. "However, I'll make it two
months."
"Two monts! Ah, heaven, Judge, dar
ling, eet vill keel me! Please, dar— "
"Stop that I. I'll cut it to one month,
and — " »
"One mont! Oh, heaven, Judge, dar
ling, one — "
"It's reduced to fifteen days— take her
away!" shouted the Judge, mopping:
his brow.
"Feef teen days! Ah, heaven, Judge — "
"Take her away!" yelled the bench,
and the bailiff promptly obeyed.
"You j will doubtless go to the peni
tentiary," said Judge Mogan to Charles
Henry, committed to answer in the Su
perior Court a charge of assault with
intent to rob and a charge of robbery,
"but you ought to be sent to the gal
lows. The, coming Legislature should
be petitioned to make capital punish
ment the penalty of an offense such as
you have been- here convicted of."
Henry waylaid and brutally beat Jo
seph Frankenberg. a Front street mer
chant, the night of December 23 at Sac
ramento and Maple streets, and the de
scription of the thug published at that
time led to his Identification by "Walter
Glonz, whom he had held up and robbed
of $10 the night of December 12 at Page
and Stelner streets. The beating of Mr.
Frankenberg, who is an old man, was
not provoked by resistance on his part.
Ere a word was spoken the footpad
struck his victim's head several heavy
blows .with a revolver,, and was in the
act of robbing him when three young
men went to the rescue and effected
the cowardly fellow's capture.
A dream of pleasure, the new two for
quarter size American. $2 75 box 25. •
ASKS FOR WRIT OF HABEAS CORPUS.—
A petition . for a writ of " habeas corpus In
favor of Arthur Fredericks was filed at the
Supreme Court yesterday. The defendant is
a fourteen-year-old boy , and is charged with
the commission of a burglary In Oakland.
FREE A FREE
PLUM PUDDING
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
. LIBBY'S
HOME-MADE
PLUM PUDDINu.
Free With ; Every Small Ad 'in
Sunday Call.
See ; Small '. Ad Page , for Further
■ . ' . Particulars.
FIRE THREATENS
ENTIRE BLOCK
Flames Gut Frame Building
at Southwest Corner of
East and Market Streets
3IANY TENANTS SUFFEK
Blaze Starts in Water Front
Kestaurant and Spreads
With Startling Rapidity
Over-boiling grease in the kitchen of
a water front restaurant yesterday
started a blaze which in a few minutes
enveloped in flames the three-story
frame building at the southwest corner
of East and Market streets. The Fire
Department responded promptly to the
two alarms turned in and had the
blaze under control in remarkably short
time. . While the fire blazed, however,
it burned fiercely and when the "all
out" signal was turned In the building
had been extensively gutted and a
score or more of tenants were seeking
new quarters.
The fire started in the kitchen of the
Magnolia restaurant. 6 Cast street, at
2:40 p. m. The Magnolia's immediate
neighbors are saloons and each made
early and liberal contributions of liquid
fuel for the flames. Almost with the
suddenness of an explosion th© fire
raced through the restaurant and
leaped out into" the street, carrying the
front of the eating-house with it. One
tongue of flame climbed up the front of
the building, spreading as it mounted,
setting fire to the inflammable wall and
carrying the conflagration through
open windows into the upper stories.
Other tongues burned through the
partitions separating the Magnolia
from large supplies of alcoholic
liquors, which took up the work of
spreading the fire. Within a few min
utes' after the cook spilled the grease
there was a belt of fire along the East
street limits of the building and an
other making its way up Market
street. The entire front of the build-
Ing, to the roof, was blazing fiercely
and, fanned by a high wind, the flames
threatened to wipe out the entire block.
Captain of Police Martin was prompt
ly on the scene with a squad of harbor
police and had everything clear for the
firemen when they came racing to the
rescue. The water was turned on, the
flames died down as quickly as they
had appeared, and within a few min
utes fire laddies were climbing all over
the structure finishing the work of ex
tinction. • « •
The building was well tenanted, but
in spite of the rapidity with which the
flames spread, all got out in safety. On
the Market-street side the only means
of exit is by elevator. At the height of
the excitement the elevator, packed as
it had never been before, stuck be
tween two floors and for a few minutes
pandemonium reigned in the iron cage.
Then something gave way and the cage
dropped gently to the street, where the
scared passengers disembarked. Dr. E.
A. Dig-gins, the well-known physician,
who has offices on the second floor, was
too late for the elewator and made his
way to the street, hand over hand,
down a friendly rope. Truckman Frank
Casassa of Truck 2 slipped and fell
from one of the scaling ladders, but
was not seriously injured.
The building Is owned by the West
Coast Realty Company and most of the
loss is said to be covered by Insurance.
The following: tenants suffered ' loss
through the fire:
Stromer & Bodln, barbers, 6 East street;
Harden & Iversen, saloon, 10 East street;
Denis Pivlo. restaurant. 12 East street:
Schwartz & Meyer, saloon, corner Market and
East streets; Magnolia Restaurant. 6 East
street; Echmlt & Van Dlken, clears, 8 Mar
ket street: Trower Brothers; Coast Con
struction Company, Pacific Coast Dredging 1 and
Reclamation ComDany, W. Olsen. Lumber
Surveyors' Association, W. A. Miller & Co..
Gualala Mill Company; Kaknek Packing- Com
pany, office of tug Ida W, John J. Sesnon
Company. J. S. Kimball Company, "Wallace
Alexander. R. Wakefleld, American Dredging
Company, Dr. E. A. Disrcina.
PUBLIC INSTALLATION.— On th« evening
of Tuesday, January 8, th« officers of Western
Addition Camp of the "Woodmen of lh« World
will be publicly Installed In the Shasta Hall
of the Pioneer building. The event will be fol
lowed by an entertainment.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TORTURING
DISFIGURING
Skin, Scalp and Blood
Humours
From Pimples to Scrofula, from
Infancy to Age
Speedily Cured by Cuticura wteo
AH Else Fails.
The agonizing itching and burning
of the akin, as in eczema; the fright-
ful scaling, as in psoriasis; the loss of
hair and crusting of the scalp, as in
scalled head ; the facial disfigurements,
as in acne ana ringworm* tne awful
suffering of infants and anxiety of
worn-out parents, as in milk crust, cet-
ter and salt-rheum — all. demand a rem-
edy of almost superhuman Tlrtuea to
successfully cope with them. TDai
Cuticura Soap, Ointment and Resolv-
ent are such stands proven beyond all
doubt. No statement is made regard-
ing them that is not justified by ?ht>
strongest evidence. The purity and
sweetness, the powei to afford limned:
ate relief , the certainty of speed/ ana
permanent .cure, the absolute safety
. and great economy, have madt them
the standard skin cures, blood purifiers
and humour remedies of the civilized
world.'
Bathe the affected parts with hot
water and Cuticnra Soap, to cleansa
the surface of crusts and scales and
•often the thickened cuticle. Dry,
without hard rubbing, and apply Cuti-
•cura Ointment freely, to allay itching,
irritation and inflammation, and sootha
v und heal, and, lastly, take Cuticura Re-
solvent, to cool and cleanse the blood.
This complete local and constitutional
treatment affords instant relief, per-
mits rest and sleep in . the severest
forms; of eczema aod other itching,
burning and scaly humours of the skin,
scalp and blood, and points to a speedy,
permanent and economical cure when'
all else fails.
Sold ' thronebont tkt world. Cntfenr* lUtelTrat, Ms.
(1« form of ChocoUte Coated PUU, ISC. per vial of «).
Ointment, 60c, 6m>p, Me. - Dtpotai London. V Charter,
hoat* Fq.i Farit, B Ru» da U Palxi Bottoo. 137Columtmt
; At*. • PotUr Dra« & Chtra. Corn.. Sols Proprietors.
«T" Bead for " How to Curt Ertrj Utunvoi."
ADVERTISEMENTS. j
Style, fit, quality and desirability
are combined in these Overcoats,
and we offer them at prices that
were made for economy . . . . .
All are cut and perfectly tailored
according to the Brown shape-retain-
ing standard, from the best of fabrics.
A fine New Year's present for the
boy.
For the Child For the Boy
2}4 to 8 years 8 to 16 years
$3.50 to $10.00 | $4.00 to $12.00
For the Young Man
14 to 19 years
. $7.50 to $25.00
MAN 516-518 MARKET. ST.noN e TCOftrav 1867
CREDITORS HAVE
THEIR REVENGE
0. A. Reed Tried, Convicted
and Sentenced on Charge
of Concealing His Goods
O. A. Reed was convicted by Police
Judge Cabaniss yesterday afternoon on
a charge of concealing goods with in
tent to defraud his creditors.. He was
sentenced to serve ten months in the
County Jail. Notice of appeal was giv
en and the ball was fixed In $5000 bonds
or $2500 cash. Attorney Bert Schles
lnger prosecuted the case on behalf
the creditors.
Heed came here from Minnesota
about a year ago. He opened an office
in the Crocker building and from Jan
uary 1, 1904, to December 1 he pur
chased about $15,000 worth of diamonds
from wholesale jewelers here and in the
East. On these purchases he paid
small . amounts.
The creditors became suspicious, and
on November 1 demanded an inspection
of his stock. He took them to the Safe
Deposit building and showed them
about $8000 worth of diamonds in his
box there. They were not satisfied, and
on November 15 they attached the
goods In his office and found about $300
worth of cheap jewelry.
• A meeting of the creditors was called
and Reed stated that he had sold goods
at the race track between November
6 and 14 to the value of between $6000
and $7000, but he could not give the
names of the purchasers or the
amounts received. He also stated that
he had sold about $2500 worth to a ped
dler whose name he could not give.
His books were examined, but they
contained no record of sales, and his
bank book showed no deposits. His
safe deposit box was found In his of
fice empty. It was ascertained that the
race track was not open on the days
Reed alleged he sold the $6000 or $7000
worth of goods.
Judge Cibanlss, in sentencing Reed,
said it was one of the most n&grant
cases of the kind that had ever come to
his knowledge. He also commented se
verely on the attitude of the defendant
during the trial of the case, which was
defiant in the extreme.
NEVADA COUNTY MINING
COMPANIES FIGHTING HARD
Garnishment Is Filed Upon 9200,000
Held by the Bank of
California.
As the result of the controversy be
tween the Champion Gold Mining
Company and the Home Gold Mining
Company garnishment against the
Champion mine was made yesterday
to the amount of $200,000, held by the
Bank of California. An attachment
for $200,000 against the Champion mine
was Issued in a suit brought by the
Home Gold Mining Company at Grass
Valley Tuesday.
The fight between the two mining
companies grows out of a dispute con
cerning mining- ground. The Home
Mining Company was recently en
joined from working in the ground
that both companies claim. The min
ing industry in Nevada City has been
interfered with very largely by the
proceedings.
RIVER AND DRAINAGE
ASSOCIATION TO MEET
Comprehensive Reuort Will Be. Sub
mitted by Committee Concerning
Projected "Work.
A meeting of the River Improve
ment and Drainage Association of
California will be held at the Palace
Hotel next Thursday, at 11 o'clock.
Rufus P. Jennings, president of the
association, says that a report will be
made concerning progress by the com
mittee that was appointed last May to
carry out the work that was then out
lined. All persons who are in sym
pathy with the work of the association
are invited to atteijd the meeting next
week and to become members. The
board of engineers having submitted
a report, the matter is in such shupe
that it can be presented comprehen
sively to the association. A reduced
rate has been made by the railway
companies for the delegates.
Cremieux Lodge Officers.
Cremleux Lodge of the Independent
Order of B'nai B'rith has elected the
following officers: S. Welsskopf, moni
tor; A. B. Glassman. president; -B.
Braunsteln, vice president; ' Samuel . S.
Green, secretary; I- P. Strassburger,
treasurer; I. Vestelnick, .* assistant
monitor; A. Bergmann, guardian; A.
Jacobson, warden; Dr. J. Bayer, phy
sician; representatives to the District
Grand Lodge No. 4— Dr. J. Bayer, M.
Blackfleld. Phil Flatow. S. Fromholz.
Samuel S. Green, L. C. Levy, . I. P.
Strassburger, E. I. Wolfe and Herman
GuttstadLIBHi
Blank Municipal Bonds Arrive.
The first consignment of the b!ank
municipal bonds was received yester
day at the offlca of the Board of Su
pervisors from the "Western Bank
Note Company of Chicago, which has
the contract for printing the securi
ties. The bonds came in two boxes
one weighing 130 pounds, the other
60 pounds, and are the issue covering
the Mission Park. Golden Gate Park
and Presidio extension and County
Hospital issues. *
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A si Great
A High-Grade Knife
With pearl handle, and mado to with-
stand wear. A very nobby shapo and
■ lze, and will not fall to give «m pa
the best of satisfaction. My >J.J)y
T^iDB OPP TOTTB OX.D BAZO3
TO ME.
I will make you a liberal allowance
for It on the price of a n«w a-* nn
one. I have good Razors as AJ a {Jl|
aiMiETTE 8ATSTT RAZOK goes
over the face like a feathar and
shaves smoothly. Price. 85. OO
STAS SATSTT BAZOB — A rood
one and worth $2.00. but vre'vo cut
the price to S1.25
Leather Goods at half price.
Mall orders promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS,
F. "W. PITTS. The Stationer,
1008 UABSET ST. Odd. Fifth. 8. P.
i*f a^^y*'**™'**' "yj if!
Bsl our beautifully Illustrated I j
j •'} catalogue and one packet at gl
*'<vl LUTHIK BUaiUNK'3 ft
|vj latest Introduction j j
pij Australian Star Flower jA
\\ a llve-foraver everlasting ». |
|,\J mailed for 25 cents >'•-}
[a cox seed co. j
aft 411. 413. 41S Sansome Street. JH
Bj|l ,.J^ 1T rSAW rc ■?■'■ I. n—rffff
\ CUTLERY
EVERYBLADE WARRANTED
f : H. S. BRIDGE & CO., iji
'tf MERCHANT TAILORS, jjj
*'(> removed TO •:>
$ 112 Sutter Street. I);
« Novelties ia Imported Wear. !;jj
Prescriptions 34,406 and 7.
OT7ARAJN TU1U> CTTRJ1 FOB 2TE2T.
HARMLESS iNXECTIOJf. Cures ordinary
casts In a few days. Warranted to euro
worst cases. NO OTHEK TSSAT9CE3TC
REQtJIBED. Prevents and Cures Stric-
tures. PHEVENTS OONTAOX02T. Harm-
less. $2.00 for both bottles. For sale only
g. S. PilXT'S FT*n7TftCT. 103 Eddy.
ASway 9, Remember the FtdlJN«me
■ axauve ftronio Quinins
Cnrc»aColdinOneDay,Cripin2Daya
ds (*%*-& eaevary
%S*» jpB»J£Syyf&^fi*^0 doc* 2Ss
g\ I bmi ffH Ammunition. Huntlnr aod
III B81 1 Sportir.ff (foods. Larxwt
B.I j B»n stnclc. Lowest prices. S«ad
Uy|f SHREVE & BARBER CO..
Kearny «t/
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.
933 MARKET ST., OPP. MASON.
Taik-o-phone Agency.
Schools and Colleges, f
TKE EASTEE TXSJI AT
IRVING INSTITUTE,
. 2125 CALIFORNIA ST.,
Will Open on TUESDAY. January 3. 1900, at
9 a. m.