1 iIE "VCI^ATITER- f^
Fcr-twt made at San FVanclaeo for
thirty hour*, cadl&r midnight. Decem
ber 8: '
B*a Fraadseo and vicinity — Fair
Monday; U*fct northerly wind.
O. H. WILLSON'.
Local Forecaster.
VOLUME XCVII— NO. 5.
CONFIDENT
OF BLACK'S
ELECTION
Odell Men Claim Sen
ator Depew Is
Beaten.
Predict That He Will Not
Be a Candidate to Suc
ceed Himselt
No Answer Made to Plait's Charge of
the Ereaking of a Cam
paign Pledge.
£pec!al Diej*tch to The C«.!t
NETV YORK, Dec. 4.— Frank S.
Black's partisans in the fight for Sena
tor Depew's seat in the United States
Eenate were more than ever confident
to-night that Black would be elected.
They asserted with great posltlveness
that both Governor-elect Higgins and
Epeaker Nixon would announce them
selves in favor of Black when the time
came ar.d they even went so far as
to predict that Senator Depew would
withdraw his name when he learned
bow heavy the odds- were against him.
This prediction was a surprise, in view
of the fact that Senator Depew has told
his fritnds that his^ name will go be
fore the Republican caucus, though he
fcas only one vote.
Governor-elect Higgins' arrival here
to-raorrcw is awaited with anxiety by
both sides. It is admitted that Higgins
has it in his power tcr settle the con
tent in favor of either Black or Sena
tor Depew, if he cares to exert his in-
Cuerce.
Higgins* affiliations have always been
•with the Platt wing of Republican
party and his closest friends are Platt
men. The advocates of the re-election
cf Senator Depew therefore deny that
there is any real basis for the assertion
of t>* Odcll nvru that Hiagi^M ~-hae
join-:J them in seeking: to bring about
'Black's election.
Black's friends said to-night that he
had received absolute pledges of sup
port from eiphty-six of the 140 Re
publican members, or fifteen more
than- majority in joint caucus.
They asserted, however, that he would
have 100 votes in caucus.
No direct answer was made by the
Black partisans to the assertion of Sen
ator Piatt that Governor Odell had
promised, a few weeks before the elec
tion, to do nothing to prevent the re
turn of Senator Depew, in return for
campaign contributions raised by Sena
to Depew and Senator Platt. The
amount of these contributions was said
to be $400,000. The Odell men admit
there was seme kind of an understand
ing, but they deny that it was specific
enough to be binding. Governor Odell
himself has refrained from either ad
mitting: or denying the truth of Sena
tor Plan's statement.
NAN PATTERSON
IN HIGH SPIRITS
Talks and Jokes With the
Other Women Prisoners in
a Corridor of the Tombs
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Dec. 4.— Although on
the eve of her trial, "Nan" Patterson
surprised her attendants by spending
to-day the most pleasant time since
ehe has been confined in the Tombs-
Locked up near her Is Mrs. Rosa de
Piero, who will come to trial a week
from to-morro-w for the murder of a
nan who, she cays, tried to make her
desert her husband. She has, her in
fant eon with her. This afternoon she
and th« other women prisoners were
allowed Into the corridor and for the
first time "Nan" Patterson took ad
vantage of the opportunity to talk and
Joke with the other women. She walked
up to Mrs. de Piero and, taking her
child from her, began to caress and
fondle him.
•Nan" expressed to her keepers her
confidence that she would be acquitted
on first billot
NORWEGIANS PREPARE
TO RAISE A WAR FCXD
Government Remains Silent as to the
Cau&cs That Actuate the
Movement
CHRISTIANIA. Xorway. Dec. 4.— '
During the discussion in the Storthing
on Saturday of the bill to raise a loan
of 57,500.000. the Finance Minister un
expectedly announced that the loan!
vould be increased to 510.000.000, ofJ
v-hich the additional 52.CO0.000 would
te set aside as a special reserve for I
use "when the country is In distress." !
This announcement of what may be
regarded as a war fund created some
aKtonishment. Some members asked
an explanation, but the Minister re
fused to be drawn out. The bill was
adopted by a large majority.
France Honors American Woman.
ST. LOUIS. Dec. 4.— Miss Florence
Hayward, special commissioner of the
section of history and anthropology at
the World's Fair, has been appointed
an oScer of the French Academy by
the Government of France. The ap
pointment d&tes from November 1, 1904.
and the decoration was received to
day.
The San Francisco Call.
ANARCHIST
ELECTED TO
THE HOUSE
Alabama Member Is
a Defender ol
Czolgosz.
Congressmen May Contest
His Right to Be
Sworn In.
Brutal Attacks Upon Roosevelt and
McKinley During the Late
Campaign.
Special Dispatch to The Call
WASHINGTON". Dec. 4.— The sensa
tion on the eve of the reassembling: or
Congress is the strong effort being
made to refuse admittance to the
House of Representatives of a mem
ber-elect from the Fifth Congressional
district of Alabama. This is J. Thomas
Heflin, who was elected on November
S to serve- out the unexpired term of
Colonel Thompson, deceased. On Oc
tober 3, at Tuskogee, Ala., in the
course of a bitter and incendiary
speech assailing the Republican party
in general and Theodore Roosevelt in
particular, he said:
""There they sat, Roosevelt and Book
er, and if some Czolgoz or any of his
kind had thrown a bomb under the ta
ble no great harm would have been
done the country-"
Other extracts from the speeches of
Heflin have been collected and have
been placed before each member of the
Hojuse, and in a letter signed 'by Asa
E. Stratton of Montgomery, Ala., ac
companying these extracts, it is said:
"It Is respectfully submitted that J.
Thomas Heflin should not be permit
ted to take his seat in the House as
the successor of Hon. C. W.- Thomp
son from the Fifth Alabama District,
because of his anarchistic utterances
during the late political campaign."
The writer mentions the " Tuskogee
speech, and continues:
"He further ' said. In speaking of the
possibility of Booker Washington tak
ing part in the campaign: *If Booker
takes a hand in this thing it will be
one time I will ask him to step out. I
will ask him to keep hands off, and
you know we have a way of influencing
negroes down here.'
"It is aLso reported that he said on
another occasion, in speaking of the
Statesboro (Ga.) affair, that it was
but a sending off of a few more Re
publicans, singing, 'Nearer, My God,
to Thee,' a brutal allusion to the
death of President McKinley. The
extracts are but in an index to the
man's character ar.d life."
The opinion which appears to prevail
among members here is that Heflin is
an unfit person to be in the House, but
that to refuse him admittance would
be to make a "martvr" of him. and
thus gratify his taste for notoriety. It
would not be surprising, however, if.
when Heflin presents himself ■ before
the bar of the House to be sworn in,
objection be made and. as in the case
of Roberts of Utah, he may have to
stand aside and await report of the
elections committee as to whether he
is a proper person to admit to mem
bership.
LIFE TERM
IS A PRISON
FOR PIRACY
Fate of Thug Who
Robbed Aboard
Steamship.
Epeda.1 Dispatch to The Call
DETROIT. Mich., Dec. 4. — Joseph
Kirwini'aged 26, who was indicted by
a Federal Grand Jury last week on a
charge of piracy on the high seas for
having robbed Mrs. M. B. Sweeting of
Jackson, Mich., on the steamship
Western States on September 10, was
arraigned in the United States Dis
trict "Court yesterday, pleaded guilty
and was sentenced by Judge Swan to
life imprisonment in'the Detroit' House
of Correction.
Kirwin entered Mrs. Sweeting's
stateroom, choked her and, placed a
handkerchief soaked with chloroform
over her face. He robbed her of 540
in cash and three diamond rings,
which were on her fingers.
KILLED IN AUTOMOBILE
ACCIDENT IN FRANCE
Englishman. Traveling With an Amer
ican and flls" Wife, looses
PAU. France, Dec. -4.— An American
named Stoiber, accompanied by his
wife, left here to-day in an automobile
for Paris. The machine ' was over
turned when about ten miles out from
this place and Stoiber sustained a
broken ankle.' ': Mrs. .Stoiber was un
injured. An Englishman, who was
with the party, was killed.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY; DECEMBER 5, 1904.-
PRESIDENT
MAY CANCEL
CONTRACT
Pacific Mail Pact Is
Under Consid
eration.
Abrogation ol Panama Rail
road PriYileges Ap
pears Probable.
Canal Commission Expects Strong
Opposition From the Harri
man Interests.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 4.— The Presi
dent has under consideration the ques
tion of abrogating the contract be
tween the Panama Railroad and the
Pacific Mail Steamship Company. A
report has been made by the Isthmian
Canal Commission, though the com
mission does not make definite recom
mendations. Questions of policy are
involved which will require the per
sonal decision of the President, after a
consultation with Secretary Taft- »
It Is understood that the canal com
missioners have reported to the Presi
dent that, in their opinion, an increase
of business would result from the 1
abrogation of the contract with the
Pacific Mail because of the lower rates
that would be offered by tramp steam
ships competing with the Pacific Mail.
These low rates would attract much
overland business and the probable re
sult would be a lowering of transcon
tinental railroad rates to meet this
competition. The Pacific Mail itself, if
it follow its precedents, will cut rates
to drive away competition on the west
ern coast. •:';*
The canal commissioners expect to
encounter the strongest opposition from
the Harriman interests' in their elToi ts
to terminate the contract.
A' -member of the commission hinted
to-day that if the railroad interests
should appoint Benjamin .B. Odell Jr.
president of the Pacific -Mail in the
hope that he would use his- influence
with the President to continue the con
tract, they were doomed to disappoint
ment. No intimation has come from
the President regarding his attitude
on the subject, but Secretary Taft has
indicated that in due time the relations
of th«? Panama Railroad and the Pa
cific Mail would be severed.
DYNAMITE USED
ABOUT ZEIGLER
Attempts to Destroy Water
Works Fail Because Cold
Prevents an Explosion
SPRINGFIELD, '111., Dec 4.— Major
E. E. Elliott left to-night for Zeigler
to assume command of the troops. Ma
jor Elliott was called to Springfield
Saturday by Adjutant General Scott
and ordered to go at once to Zeigler.
Last night Zeigler was comparatively
quiet, only about fifteen shots being
fired. ■•.••..'•%,
Deputy United States Marshal
Skaggs created a sensation In Zeigler
at ncxm by bringing In thirty-eight
sticks of dynamite he had found be
tween the office building and the pump
ing station. The dynamite was tied in
two bundles with a fuse on each that
had been lighted, but which.' It Is sup
posed, the damp, cold night prevented
from exploding. The dynamite was
placed on the ground just above the
principal water main, which supplies
Zeigler with water. Had it exploded
the water main would have been de
molished and possibly the pumping
station. *
. Captain Satterfield, commander of
the Third Battalion, to-day requested
Sheriff Stein to urge Adjutant Gen
eral Scott to send two more companies
of militia.
BLOOD-STAIXED CLOTHES
MAY CAUSE FIEND'S CAPTURE
Garments Found Near Murdered
Woman's Home Regarded as Clew
to Perpetrator of Crime. I
GRANTS PASS. Or., Dec. 4.— A clew
that may prove of considerable impor
tance In unraveling the mystery of the
murder of Florence. Chapman, which
occurred in this city last August, has
been found. It is a bundle of blood
stained clothing, and was found in the
pine woods about 200 yards from the
house in which the woman was f oullj
murdered.
Florence Chapman lived alone in a
house in the north suburbs of Grants
Pass. She was found dead on the
evening of August 16. and the marks
of violence on her body, as well as the
upturned condition of the house, indi
cated jnurder.
NEW HONOR CONFERRED f
OX ARCHBISHOP VARJLEY
Appointed an Assistant to : the. Pon
tifical Throne,- .Which, Carries
.. With It Certain Privileees.
ROME, Dec 4.— Archbishop Farley,
of New York was to-day appointed; by
Pope" Pius X to the dignity of assistant
to the pontifical throne, which' permits
the prelate to' ■ sit • with the College I of
Patriarchs and 'Archbishops and to as
sist at functions: presided over. by i the
Pope*
WESTERN UNION COMPANY MAY
LOSE ITS SUIT AGAINST CASSATT
Supreme Court Will To-Day Decide Famous Case on Appeal
ROYAL HEIR
OF ITALY
BAPTIZED
Gorgeous Ceremony
in Quirinal in
S Rome.
Baby Crown Prince Betas
Splendidly -JBelpre
the Altar.
Dowager Qneen Marghsrita Made God
mother and Frince* Nicholas of
Montenegro Godfather. -
ROME, Dec. 4. — The infant Crown
Prince of Italy was baptized at the
"Quirinal to-day. The /> weather was
showery, but this . did ■■ not prevent a
great crowd gathering Jat the palace
to witness the passage of the carriages
with their destinguished occupants.
The ballroom of the Quirlnal, which
had been transformed into a chapel,
was beautifully decorated. The altar
stood at the end of the room, with
six immense golden candlesticks and a
crucifix in the center. ..'Above the altar
was a picture of '"The 'Madonna and
Child," which had been -taken from
the Quirinal .chapeL . . ;' ,/
Vl On either 'Side -of* th*j0 tip's leading
to the altar were three pyramids of ex
quisite white' flowers, joined by gar
lands of. the same .blossoms. The
space, between the windows was bank
ed with flowers, making a .perfect
bower. Before -the altar Were rows of
gilded chairs. On the left of the altar
was a box for the Princesses Yolande
and Mufalda and for the other chil
dren of the court. Under this. In red
brocade with palms, was another box
for diplomats whose countries had
sent royal representatives, such as
Great Britain, Germany, Portugal and
Servia. The diplomats from other
countries were ... not invited. Opposite
this box and on the other side of the
altar was a box for wearers of the
collar of the Annunzlata, who rank as
cousins of the King. A special balcony
was provided for the royal couple.
CARRIED OX LiACE PILLOW.
When all the guests had assembled
sixteen canons and the court chaplain
entered processionally, taking their
places at the altar. Immediately after
the appearance of the clergy the doors
of the private apartments of the pal
ace were opened to allow the royal
cortege, headed by the master of cere
monies and the prefect of the palace,
to pass. Countess Bruschi-Falgari,
lady in waiting, carried the Crown
Prince in an exquisite lace embroidery
robe and lying on a lace pillow/
With the King and Queen were the
Prince of Montenegro, dressed 'as a
Cbspador with a rich Montenegrin cos
tume, and his three daughters, Princess
Helen of Servia, the Dowager Duchess
of Genoa, great-grandmother of the
Crown Prince, Prince Albert of Prus
sia, Prince Arthur of Connaught.
Prince Victor Napoleon; the Duke of
Genoa, the Count of Turin and others.
The spectacle was a magnificent one.
All the ladies present, including those
of the royal party, were dressed in
white with creamy lace veils "on their
heads, their persons glittering with
jewels. The uniforms of the diplomatic
and military representatives gave an
added tone of color. The effect was
heightened by the exquisite music of a
quintet.
CRIES OUT BUT OXCE.
The baptismal ceremony was most
picturesque. Countess Brushi-Falgari
came slowly forward with the Infant,
who was taken by the Queen, who ad
vanced before the altar. At the -same
time the King stepped forward to the
box occupied by, the royal children and
lifted out. the Princesses Yolande "and
Mufalda, whom he kept beside him dur
ing the entire ceremony, which . they
watched with wide eyed interest.
Dowager Queen Margharita, the God
mother, and Prince Nicholas of Mon
tenegro, the godfather, stood on. either
side of the Queen, 'with one hand on the
Crown Prince's shoulder and a. candle
in the other. The ceremony lasted fif
teen minutes and the crown . Prince
acted splendidly, his only outcry being
when, he felt the holy water upon his
forehead.
After the ceremony King Victor Em
manuel kissed . his . little son . and . the
Queen made the round of the room to
show the Crown' Prince to everybody.
Then with deep bows to the altar and
,the assembly the. royal party retired.
WINE 'AND SMALL. CHANGE
SECURED BY BOLD THIEVES
Robbers Enter Railroad Depot and
, Saloon In the" Town of
BIGGS,- Dec. ; 4.— Tw<v burglaries
Were committed ' in' this city last nigh L
The Southern depot arid { S.'> P.
Parker's :saloon were robbed/ vEni
trance was . made '-. to i the depot : o*Hce
through » ; the waiting-room window,
and : $ 1.4 5 in small : change was ■ taken.
The rear, door.'of 'Parker's saloon \was
forced ' open l with a - Jimmy, - and * the
thieves * helped I themselves to • several
bottles : of " champagne and about sev
enty, cents in; money."
CALL. BUREAU. HOTEL BARTON.
WASHINGTON, Dec 4.— The announce
ment of the. decision in the .case of/the
Pennsylvania Railroad and the "Western
Union Telegraph .Company, so stub
bornly fought, up to the court of last re
sb'rt, ls^expected'tormofow in ;the Su
preme Court of the United States. The
belief is general • in : Washington to
night that the case will go against the
Western Union Company, and one ru
mor has it that ' the court \ is almost
unanimously in favor of the Pennsylva
nia Railroad contention, there being
but one dissenting opinion.
'The case involves the removal of the
Western Union telegraph poles from all
property controlled by the Pennsylva
nia Railroad, and, incidentally, a very
stiff flght between President Cassatt of
the railroad and all Gould interests. At
the expiration of the term of lease
agreed unon the Pennsylvania notified
the Western Union officials that their
poles must be removed along' the line
of the road in' Pennsylvania. The tele
graph company refused to do this, and
the railroad officials ordered their men
to cut down the poles without • further
delay. This was done,' and the result
was a case in court. '
The lower courts -and the United
States Court of Appeals found in favor
of the railroad, and it is now expected
here that the « Supreme Court of the
United States will sustain these deci
sions, holding that the road -had the
right to exclude the telegraph poles
from its property at the end of the term
of lease.
If this be the decision it ■ means a
victory for the railroad company and
the probable exclusion of Western Un
ion wires and poles from all property
controlled by the railroad, whether in
the State of Pennsylvania or not. In
some States the leases have not yet ex
pired.
BLAZE IX LOS ANGELES
CAUSES LOSS OF $125,000
Fire Breaks Out In Four-Story Build
ing, in the. Wholesale Dis-
LOS AXGELiES, Dec. 4. — Fire early
to-day destroyed the stock of the
Standard "Woodenware Company at
230-234 South Los Angeles street, and
seriously damaged the large four-story
building which the company occupied.
The I0S3 on the stock is estimated at
$100,000 and on the building. $25,000.
both partially Insured. These figures
may be increased.
.The fire, which was the worst that
has occurred in the wholesale district
in several years, broke out about 1
o'clock this morning, and was pre
sumably the result of crossed or short
circuited electric wires. The fire had
burned probably an hour before it was
discovered and had gained great head
way before the department reached
the place. : Several firemen had nar
row escapes from serious Injury, but
only one. Charles Balzer. was hurt,
and x he was taken to the hospital
with a dislocated knee.
OXE DOLLAR PIN* MONEY.
IX '.TWENTY-FIVE YEARS
Husband's" Xiffjrardliness Forms Basis
for St. Paul Woman's Suit
for Divorce, v
• ST. PAUL, Dec. 4. — Sensational
charges are made by ; Mrs. Clara Wal
raveri, aged, 47. In her suit for divorce
against ; George; S. Walraven. aged 50.
The wife alleges cruelty, and non-sup
port.; She claims that in all the years
of . their : married life, dating ' back to
1873,' her husband gave her only $1 in
cash." ' She was wealthy .when he mar
ried "her., and, in. addition .to living on
his!: wife's income; . he has borrowed
thousands of dollars from her^accord
ing . to , her " story:
The wife is now without means; with
ah invalid ; daughter to •, care for. . The
husband is said to earn- a good living
as a -. solicitor.* The'Avif e asks " for ,a
divorce.^theV custody of the children
and alimony."'
V \ -sTHB THEATERS.
V ' '• * ~»- . *^__ — • _~
ALCXZARr— "The . Pref eager* ■ I^»t
CAUFORNIA— West* a T ML-.s tre!s. -
CENTRAL.— *"Tlis Subarbea."
COIXMBU— "Her Own Wax.**
CHUTES — Vaudeville.
FISCHER' S— Vaudrrin*.
GRANI>— "la DahMn*/.** -
MAJESTIC— "Th« Senator." ,
ORPHECM— VandeTUl^
TJVOLJ— "Kisx Dodo."
TWO FAMOUS FINANCIERS AND RAILROAD MAGNATES WHO ARE CENTRA!*' f
FIGURES IN A LEGAL. FIGHT GROWING OUT OF A BITTER FEUD BE
TWEEN POWERFUL. FACTIONS IN WALL, STREET.
MOTHER'S
EMBRACE
IS FATAL
Inlant Is Smothered
in the Anns ol
Parent.
Special D'.sratch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA, Dec 4.— Mrs. "Walter
Church accidentally smothered her
two months old infant yesterday morn
ing while driving with her husband
from their home at Two Rock to Peta
luma. . ■ ■
The parents were en route to San
Francisco on what was to have»been a
pleasant visit with relatives. , The
mother carefully wrapped the Infant up
and held it close to her bosom. When
she reached the' depot she discovered
the little one was dead.
Coroner Blackburn waived an Inquest
and signed a death certificate, giving
the cause cf death as accidental suf
focation. The remains were taksn to
San Franciscd this morning to be cre
mated. .* ~ \
THREE PERISH IN FIRE ;
IX A ROOMING-HOUSE
Guests Jump From Win
dows to Sutc Lives In
Denlson, Tex. •
DENISON. Tex.. Dec. 4. — Three per
sons were burned to death in a fire
that destroyed a rooming-house here
to-day. The dead:
JOHN UHXWEILER, Dallas.* Tex.
ALBERT HARRIS, Bakersville.
Ohio.
FRED ANDERSON^ Tennessee.
Thirty- five . guests escaped from the
building by jumping from second-story
windows.' gggfiBtefriTnffffli
MOTHER AND CHILDREN*
PERISH IX THE FLAMES
PITTSBURG. Dec 4.— In a fire that
destroyed their _ home here to-night.
Mrs.': Rock Perry and two of her chil
dren were burned to death. The hus
band' and two other children were
forced to witness the tragedy without
being able to afford aid:
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
RECOVERS
HEALTH IN
ZION CITY
Girl Gives Dowie the
Credit lor Her
Cure.
Special Dispatch to The Call
BOWLING GREEX. Ohio. Dec- 4.—
"Yes, I am completely healed, and I
ascribe it all to the power of God and
to faith in his power to heaL" •
Thus spoke Miss Mary Harbaugrh.
daughter of State Senator Thomas J.
Harbaugh. B
"I had been suffering from nervous
prostration, superinduced by acci
dental Injury to my spine and aggra
vated by overexertion; but, thanks b«
to the power of God, I am welL"
This is the second time that Mis*
Harbaugh claims to have been healed
at "Apostle" Dowle's Zion City.
"Alary was a frail girl from child
hood and for many years she was a
great sufferer from chronic stomach
disorder." . said Senator Harbaugh.
"She was an Invalid up to seven years
ago. Last May we were told an opera
tion was necessary. . My daughter
learned of some wonderful cases of
healing at Zlon City. At her earnest
solicitation I took her to Chicago and
placed her under the care of Dr.
Dowie. Four days afterward I re
ceived a/ letter stating that she had
been completely healed. I went to
Chicago and found her well.
"This summer she broke down com
pletely. For weeks she hovered be
tween life and death. We carried her
to the train and she was again put
under the care of Dr. Dowie. Her
healing was gradual, but I believe that
she is to-day perfectly welL"
Honor Paid English Actor.
LONDON. Dec. 4. — Edward Terry,
the actor, who will sail next Saturday
to make his first visit to the United
States, was given a brilliant farewell
banquet at the Hotel Savoy to-night.
The Duke of Abercorn presided and
among those present were the Ear! of
Latham. Squire Bancroft, Sir Francis
Cowley Burnand and a host of promi
nent" persons connected with -thm2
PANAMA AND UNITED
STATES MAKE NEW PACT
Concessions Are Made
by Both Countries.
Import Duties Go to Small Republic
PANAMA. Dec 4.— The difficulties
between the United States and Pana
ma, which made necessary the visit of
Secretary of "War Taft to the isthmus,
were settled to-day by the Issuance of
in executive order signed by Secretary
Ttit for President Roosevelt and as
sented to In a letter t)y President Ama
dor cf Panama.
The order provides that no trade for
tha canal zone or the republic of Pana
ma can enter the ports established by
ih« United States at either end of the
.axial, supplies for the construction of
'.he canar and articles in transit being
;xcepted. This turns the customs re
jelpts of th'ise ports over to the Gov
ernment of Panama.
Panama agrees to reduce her tariff
from 15 per cent ad valorem to 10 per
cent. This reduction applies to all
goods except wines, liquors, alcohol
and opium. Panama also agrees to re
duce her consular fees and port charges
to 60 per cent of the rates at present
charged. Absolute free trade Is to ap
ply between the canal zone and the
repubjic of Panama. Vessels entering
the canal ports are granted free entry
to the ports of Colon and Panama and
vessels entering the latter ports are ex
tended the same privileges in the
canal ports.
GOLD STANDARD REQUIRED.
Complete jurisdiction is granted the
United States in the harbors of Colon
and Panama as to sanitation and quar
antine regulations.
Panama reduces her rate of postage
to 2 cents and is to furnish all stamps
in the republic and in the canal zone.
The zone authorities are to purchase
stamps from Panama at 40 per cent of
their face value.
The order of Secretary Taft is to be
Ineffective unless Panama shall put
into effect the gold standard, according
to the currency agreement of June 20,
1904. It also makes' a stipulation re
garding: citizenship rights to Pana
mans in the canal zone and provi
sion is alsu made in the order for
maintenance by the United States of
important highways, partly in and
partly out of the canal zone and also
lor the building of a hospital. The or
der is made effective December 12,
1904. and the full text of it is as fol
lows:
PANAMA. Dee. 2— By direction of the
President it is ordered that subject to the ac
tion of the Fifty-eighth « -ongrtss at. cutiteni-
P«M by the act of Congress, approved April
Section I — No importation of roods, wares
end merchandise r.hall be entered at Ancon
< J| " Cristobal, the terminal ports of the canal,
except such roods, wares and merchandise as
are decided in article 13 of the treaty be
tween the republic of Panama and the United
Btates, the ratifications of which were ex.
rh*r_?d on February 2S. 19o4. and except
foodF, ware: and merchandise In transit across
the lfthmut zone for a destination without the
limits of said. isthmian rone, and except coal
and crude miaeril oil for fuel purples to be
*old at Ancon or Cristobal to seagoing vessels,
eaid coal and ell to be admitted to these ports
free of duties for said purposes. It is pro
vided, however, that this urder shall be in
operative, first, unless the republic of Pan
ama ehall reduce the ad valorem duty on
icoods described In the act of the national
con\-eruion of Panama passed July 5, 19<H.
«nd which took effect October 12. 1904. from
15 j>er cert to 10 per cent, and ehall not In
clude articles described In other schedules of
said tariff, except on all form* of wlne3,
liQunrfi, alcohol and opium, on which the re
public may fix higher rates; second, unless
• rtlrie 38 of the constitution of the republic of
Panama as modified by article 14»J thereof
■hall remain in full fcrur and unchanged so
far as the importation and sale of all kinds
of merchandise are eftneerned; third, unless
the consular fees and charges of the republic
of Panama In retpect to the entry of all ves
sels and Importations Into eald ports of Pan
ama and Colon shall be reduced to Gft per cent
of the rates now in force; sjid fourth, unless
roods imjiorted Into the port* of Panama and
Colon and consirned to or destined for any
r«rt of the canal rone, shall not be subjected
In the republic of Panama to any other direct
cr Indirect impest or tax whatever.
AS TO USAGE OF PORTS.
Sec. 2— In view of ths proximity of the
port of Ancon to the port of Panama and th«
port of Cristobal to the port of Colon, th?
proper rurtoms or rwrt officials of the canal
•one stall, when not inconsistent with the in
terests of the United States, at the instance
of the proper authorities of the republic of
I'unsma permit any vessel entering at or
eleand fnm th« i»ort« of Panama and Colon,
tofther v.-ith its cargo and passengers under
•ultahle regulations for the transit of the im
ported irc-chandise and passengers to or from
the territory of the republic of Panama; to
viet- nnd «ijoy the dockage and other facilities
of the l-orts of Ancon and Cristobal, respec
tl%-ely. upon payment of proper dockage duties
to the owners of said docks; provided, however.
that reciprocal privileges as to dockage and
ether fatuities at Panama and Colon, together
with cuitable arrangements for transit of Im
ported mt rchar.dise and passengers to and from
the territory of the canal zone shall be granted
fcy the authorities of the republic of Panama,
vrhen pot inconsistent with its tntereat* to
• ny ve*E*>l. tor'iher with its cargo and pas
senger*. eiiier»d at or cleared from th<? portx
cf Anton and fMstohal: provided, however,
that nothing herein contained shall affect th«
complete administrative, iwjllce nnd judicial
Jurisdiction cf t^e two Governments over their
rmMrtiw- l>ortB aod harbors except as hcreln
«.ft'-r j-n vided in *ertion fi; provided. a!ro that
vesfeia entering or clearing at th? port of
r«nama Fhall have the sbaolute right freeiy to
ftnebor and <lti>charg<» th»ir cargoes by llghter
•gt from and to Panama at the usual an
rhoragt 1n tbe neighborhood of the islands of
Perico. Flamenico, N'aos and Culebra. through
• nd included In the harbor of Aneon. under
the provisional delimitation as amended under
f>ectlcti K. hereafU-r, and to ure th* a.ild waters
cf «ald harbor for all lawful commercial pur
pose?.
FREE TKA1>E OX ISTHMUS.
Fee. 3. All manifests and Invoices an4 other
document* In respect to vessels or cargoes
cleared or rornigrnod for cr from the ports of
Panama and Colon shall as heretofore be made
bjr the officials of the republic or Panama. All
manifest*, invoices end other documents 5n re
ep^ct to the ve»«i» cleared cr consigned for or
from the ports of Ancon or CriMobal ehall be
made by office* of the United States
Sec. 4. So Import duties or cargoes cr
charge* cf any kind whatever chall be Impend
by the authorities of the canal sone upon
Coods. ware* and merchandise imported or
upon persons pawing from the territory of the
republic of Panama into the canal zone- and
tertion 5 of tb» executive order of Jnn'« 24
J904. providing that duties on importations Into
th# canal eon* are to be levied In conformity
■witr. fuch duti-* a* Congress has imposed upon
forelpn morchandiso imported into ports of the
Onfttd fttat»"S i» heroby revoked: but this order
AD\ T EJlTlSEAIEyTS.
Brave Women
Women's delicate n«»rv^ organism sub-
ject* them to so much suffering that it
is almost Inconceivable how they managfe
to fulfill the various household and so-
cial <Jutif8. and yet they do — and suffer.
As n rule thpy understand the nature
of their delicate organism, but overlook
the wonderful Influence their nervous
eystem has upon their general health.
They are not sufficiently Impressed
•with ihe fact that all their ills are di-
rectly traceable, to the nervous system.
That their periodical sufferings and
headaches are due to weakened nerves.
Dr. Miles' Nervine
Has been' wonderfully successful ln» re-
vitalizing the nerves and curing all cases
of nervous disorders and loss of vitality.
Thousands of delicate women have re-
rained their health and vigor by its use.
and the thoughtful fortify themselves by
keeping their nervous system strong and
vigorous by its use.
"From a thin, nervous wreck, misera-
ble and wretched. I am now enjoying
splendid health, and It Is all traceable to
your splendid medicine. Dr. Miles' Re-
storative Nervine." — MRS. MAUD B.
OPLINGER. Philadelphia. Pa.
The first bottle will benefit, if not, ;the
druggist will' return' >your money.
shall be inoperative unless the authorities of
the republic oJ Panama shall grant by proper
order reciprocal free importation of poods,
wares and merchandise and free passage of
persons from the territory of the canal zone
Into that of the republic of Panama.
Sec. &. Thy provision of this order also shall
not be operative except upon the condition that
the delimitation of the cities and harbors of
Colon and Panama, signed on the 15th day of
June, liKH, by the proper representatives of the
Government of the republic of Panama and of
the canal zone, shall be provisionally enforced,
and, while the Fame shall remain in force with
th« consent cf both parties thereto, the provi
sional delimitation shall include not only the
terms set forth In the writing thereof, but also
the following: That the harbor of Panama
shall include the maritime waters in front ol
said city to the couth and east thereof, extend
ing three martime miles from mean low water
mark, exeep; the maritime waters lying west
erly of a line drawn from a stake or post set
on Pur.ta Mala through the middle island of the
three island* knewn as Las Tree Hermanes and
extending Uire« marine miles from mean low
water mark on Punta Mala, which water shall
be considered in the harbor of Ancon.
CONTROL OF SANITATION.
See. 6. This order aJso shall be inoperative un
less the proper governmental authorities of the
republic cf Panama shall grant power to the
authorities of the canal zone to exercise Imme
diate and complete Jurisdiction in matter* of
sanitation and quarantine In the maritime wa
ters of the ports of Panama and Colon.
See. 7 rulers tc the establishment of post
of flees and poet cervices as noted above.
£ec. t». This order shall not be operative un
less the currency agreement made at Washing
ton June 20. 1904. by the representative of the
rcimhllc A Panama and the Secretary of War
of the United States, acting with the approval
of the President of the United States, for the
eptablishment of a gold standard of value in
the republic of Panama ajid proper coinage
shall be approved and put Into execution by
the President of the republic of Panama pur
suant to the authority conferred upon him by
law of the republic of Panama, No. $4, ap
proved June 24. 1904. andtnlew the President
of the republic of Panama, in order that thu
operation of the said currency agreement In se
curing and maintaining a gold standard of
value In the republic of Panama may not be
obstructed thereby, shall, by virtue of his au
thority, conferred by law No. 65. enacted by
the National Assembly of Panama on June (J.
I'.'Ul. abolit-h the tax of 1 per cent on gold coin
exported from the republic of Panama.
TO 3IAI.VTAIX HIGHWAY.
Sec. 0. Citizens of the republic of Panama
shall have, bo far as concerns the
1'nited States, entire freedom of vot
ing at elections held in the republic
cf Panama, and its provinces or municipalities,
at such places out&lde of the canal zone as ma/
be !i\<r] by the republic, and under such condi
tions «f th« republic may determine; but noth
ing: herein is to be construed as Intended to
limit the power of the republic to exclude or re
strict the right* of such citizens as It may be
deemed judicious.
Fee. 10. Tho highway extending: from the
eastern limits <if the city of Panama as fixed in
the above named provisional delimitation of
Jur.e. lttCM, to the point still further to tho
•■astward, wht-re the road to Savannah crosses
the zone line < which is fire miles eastward cf
the center fciis of the canal >, shall be repaired
end maintained In a serviceable condition at
th« cofct anj expense of the authorities of the
canal zone, and also in like manner the Bald
road from the said eastern limits of the city of
Panama to the railroad bridge in the city of
Panama shall be repaired at the cost of the
authorities of the canal zone; but this order
Eha!l not be operative unless the republic of
Panama shall waive Its claims for compensa
tion lor the r.fe in perrwtuity of municipal
buildings located In the canal zone.
WILL BUILD HOSPITAL.
Sec. 11. The United States will construct,
maintain and ccijduct a hospital or hospitals
either in the canal zone or in the territory of
the republic-, at its option, for the treatment of
persons insane or afflicted with the disease of
leprosy and any indigent sick, and the United
States Trill accept for treatment therein such
persons of Paid classes as the republic may re
quest, but thts order shall not be operative -un
less, first, the republic of Panama shall furnish
without cost the requisite lands for said pur
poses If the United States shall locate such
hospital or hospitals in the territory cf the re
public, and. tectnd, thRt the republic shall con
tribute and pay the United States a reasonable
daily per capital charge in respect of each pa
tient entering upon thii request of the republic,
to be fixed by the Secretary of War of the
United fctat*-B.
feec. 12. The operation of this executive or
fier and Its en'orcement by officials of the
United States on the one hand or a compliance
with the performance of the conditions of its
oprrntiens by the republic of Panama and its
officials on the other, shall not be taken as a
delimitation, definition, restriction nor restrict
ive construction of the rights of either party
•under the treaty between the United States and
the republic cf Panama.
This ordt-r is to take effect on' the 12th day
of December. 100*.
\V. II. TAFT. Secretary of Wax.
CONCURRENCE OF AMADOR.
Secretary Taft received the follow
ing letter from President Amador and
Senor Guardia, Minister for Foreign
Affairs:
■ Sir: As the embodiment of the conclusions
rp»ch»d by our respective governments, after
the full ani Eatlsfactory conferences which
have been held between you and myself and
adviaers. I have the pleasure to express the
concurrence of the republic In the executive or
der ot-the Secretary of War, made by direction
of the President of the United States, under
date of this the 3d day ot December, 1904.
Asid« frcm the wisdom and justice evidenced
by this harry solution of the differences be
tween the United States and the republic of
Panama, permit me to express, in behalf of the
republic and of nij««!f and advisers, our errati
tude for your precious visit to fanama and
your patient, judicial anJ statesmanlike consid
erations of ih<? subjects Involved.
I have th» honor to be. my dear Mr. Secre
tary, *nd with assurances of my highest es
if*m, sincerely yours.
MANGEL, AMADOR. President.
SANTIAGO GUARDIA.
Minister of Foreign Affairs.
EXPOSITION BUILDINGS
SOLD FOR A JIERE SONG
Structures That Cost Fifteen 'Millions
Will Go for Under Four Hun
dred Thousand.
ST. LOUIS. -Dec. 4. — It was stated
to-day that a contract for the sale
of the eleven big exhibit palaces, stock
barns, Festival Hall, the Colonade of
States, pavilions, aerodrome, bank, in
tra-mural railway, hospital, press
building, police and fire stations, with
other World's Fair structures that cost
$15,000,000 will be signed this week
with- a Chicago wrecking company for
$386,000." - •" . . . .
Everything* except, the rolling stock
of the intra-mural railway; which has
been sold peparately, the, State, for
eign and Pike buildings/ are Included
in the deal. /.The work of demolition
will. begin Tuesday.
Mrs. Gilbert's Body In New York.
NEW YORK, ■'.Dec. i 4. — The. body of
Mrs. Anne, Hartley Gilbert, the actress,
arrived in this city. from Chlcago*to
night. It was taken at once to the
actress*, home in ; West V Sixty-first
street.- Many members of the theat
rical- profession called at- the house
during the evening. .The funeral, will
be held Tuesday morning at the
Bloomingdale Reformed Church, of
whiqh Mrs. Gilbert was a member.
The interment will be at Greenwood.
Bishop Conaty's Father. Dead.
WORCESTER, Mass., Dec.' 4.—Pat
rick Conaty, father of Bishop Conaty
of Los Angeles, and Rev." Bernard T.
Conaty, rector of the Church of the
Sacred Heart, died to-night at the
rectory of the Church of the Sacred
Heart.
Prominent Lawyer Dies Suddenly.
SALEM, Mass.. Dec. 4.— Harry p.
Moultoh, United States, District Attor
ney for ;the Massachusetts; district,
dropped dead, of; heart .failure Vat his
home at 1 o'clock this morning:. He
was 60 years'of ag^n«BanBtSSai
THE SAN ..-FRANCISCO GALL, MONDAY, . DECEMBER j 5, 1904.
DR. CHADWICK
LOYAL TO WIFE
Cables From Europe That
Statements Eeflecting on
Her Life Are Not True
WOMAN BEING WATCHED
Secret Service Agent Takes
Up Station in the Holland
House in New York City
NEW YORK, Dec. 4.— Dr. Leroy S.
Chadwick, the husband of Caesie L.
Chadwick, whose financial troubles
have been undergoing the threshing
out process for the past week, has
come out with a brief statement from
Europe. To-day he cabled to Philip
Carpenter, Mrs. ChadwicK's counsel,
from some place abroad, the name of
which Carpenter would not disclose,
requesting that gentleman "to deny the
published statments reflecting on Mrs.
Chadwick's life and character. They
are absolutely false." The cahlegram
reads :
I wish to have it understood that I stand by
Mrs. Chadwick in every particular in her pres
ent troubles. I feel that she has b«en greatly
wror~ed by the publication and I believe she
is being: persecuted by some of her creditors.
Dr. Chadwlck explained that he had
dispatched his cablegram just as soon
as he saw the report of his wife's
troubles.
Carpenter also made a statement to
day. Said he:
Dr. Chadwick is abroad for his health and
the Newton suit was not brought until some
three weeks aJter he sailed. Before going
away Dr. Chadwick consulted me in regard
to Newton's claim and with him I met New
ton and his Boston attorney. The matter was
then arranged, seemingly to the satisfaction
of all concerned, and then the doctor sailed.
All the members of the doctor's family are
standing by Mrs. Chadwick loyally, and are
In entire sympathy with her. I know that Dr.
Chadwick would be by his "wife's Bide, looking
out for her. If he were in this country.
Mrs. Chadwick has acted in the most hon
orable way In all her dealings that have come
to my knowledge. One very good evidence of
this is found in the unshaken confidence still
reposed In hejr by her largest creditors and
those who know her besti
MRS, CHADWICK PROSTRATED.
Mrs. Chadwick remained in her room
In the Holland House all day. Dr.
Moore, her physician, called in the
morning and found Mrs. Chadwick in
a highly nervous state. Her condition
was such that Dr. Moore called a con
sultant and they made a thorough ex
amination. The medical men found no
organic trouble, but said that 'the pa
tient was ajmost prostrated from the
exciting events of the past week. They
will keep close watch on her during
the n*»xt few days.
In the afternoon Philip Carpenter
was admitted to the sick room and
had a long conference with Mrs. Chad
wick. He went over the various
phases of the case with her, especially
those points which have to do with
the bankruptcy "case in Cleveland. As
a result of this conference Carpenter
decided to notify all small clients that
their claims would be paid this week
and he called up the attorney for a
local, millinery i.h.ouse^jy&ich procured
an 'attachment ngatnst^ the Cleveland
woman and notified him of his inten
tion.
Simultaneously with the announce
ment - from Cleveland that President
Beckwith of the suspended Citizens'
National Bank of Oberlin was to be
placed under arrest, an official of the
United States Secret Service appeared
at the Holland House and took up his
station there. When recognized he
declared that he was. sent to the hotel
hurriedly and that he had been given
no orders.
After having a long talk on the
telephone, the secret service man said
he was not Interested in the Chadwick
case, but declined absolutely to an
nounce the nature of his mission.
Kmil, the young: son of Mrs. Chad
wick, who has been staying near his
mother for several days, was the sub
ject of some Inquiry to-day. It ■ was
said that he had left the hotel. This
could not be verified. It was rumored
that the boy had left town with the
jewels alleged to belong to his moth
er and that she would follow him to
night or to-morrow. This was denied
by Carpenter, who said that his client
would remain in New York at least
through Monday.
BANKERS UNDER ARREST. -
CLEVELAND, Dec. 4.— As the result
of the extended conference between
the United States District Attorney,
the bank examiners who have been
looking into the affairs of the failed
Citizens' Bank of Oberlin and their
counsel, which lasted until late last
night and all of to-day, President C.
T. Beckwith and Cashier Spear of that
bank were placed under arrest to-day
by United States Marshal Chandler of
Cleveland at their homes at Oberlin.
Marshal Chandler personally tools
charge of the warrants and several
deputies accompanied him.
The arrests of Beckwith and Spear
are the first that have been made in
the Chadwick case. The Citi2ens' Na
tional Bank, with which they are con
nected, is a creditor to the extent of
$240,000 of Mrs. Cassie L. Chadwick.
The bank is capitalized at but $60,000.
Since the disclosure of the bank's deal
ings with Mrs. Chadwick, the, presi
dent, cashier and directors ; have held
conferences and meetings frequently.
The warrants on which Beckwlth and
Spear were arrested charge them .with
violation of the Federal banking > laws.
President ■' Beckwith \ took his arrest
quietly. Mrs. Beckwith collapsed and
became bo ill that a physician -was
called in.~ Neither banker? was locked
up. . -'■....;- : : . >'-JTvv;
GREAT r ARADK . IN- HONOR » r-%
OP, DIAZ'S ' INAUGURATION
General Joe -.Wheeler 1 - Present at. the
' Festivities in City of -
: Mexico.
MEXICO CITY. Dec. 4.— Fully; 10.000
persons took part in the parade '. to-day
in .'honor of ;.the inauguration, of Presi
dent Diaz, while hundreds 'of thousands
thronged the. streets along; the 'line of
march. • The procession was reviewed
by President Diaz, .Vice President Cor«
ral and- a brilliant .company of ladies
and gentlemen, from the balconiesT of
the- National Palace. C> 3 :>: : v^
'Among the distinguished Northern
visitors was. General- Joseph Wheeler,
who has been singled out by, the Gov
ernment, and' military officers for
marked distinction. .' '
Student Rlot ! in Paris.
PARIS, : Dec. 5.'— Schoolboy. arid, stu
drht . demonstrations .' In^: connection
with the Joan '.. of ; Arc • incident i-tyere
continued to-day. Counter demonstra
tions caused severarflghts aiid!150,per
sons were arrested, but r subsequently
released. .-. . ■ .' .■■■■'■. ■'■•»'•• •'■; ' -
Steamship Two' Days . Overdue!
.YOKOHAMA; Dec. t 6. T-Thersteam-
Bhip Athenian^ which sailed I f romVVic;
torla;'B..C; on Novembervli for Hong
kong, and this > port, is two^ days ' over-
RUSSIA CLOSING THE DEAL
FOR ARGENTINE WARSHIPS
New York Man the
Agent in Naval
Purchase.
Sultan May Permit
the Use of Tur
key's Flag.
LONDON, Dec. 4.— The correspondent
at St. Petersburg of the Standard tele
graphs as follows:
"Charles R. .Flint of New York ar
rived at Moscow on Tuesday and
Btayed at the National Hotel under
the name of Charles Ranlett. He pro
ceeded on Wednesday by way of War
saw and Odessa for Constantinople. It
is rumored that Flint brought a letter
of credit on the Rothschilds for $35,
000,000, the amount payable for the
Argentine and Chilean warships, for
the purchase of which Russia is said
to be negotiating, and on his visit to
Constantinople he will endeavor to ar
range that these vessels, when pur
chased, vshould use the Turkish flag-"
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 6, 2 a. m.—
Captain Clado (who was detached
from the Baltic Squadron to give evi
dence before the North Sea Commis
sion) published in the Novoe Vremya
to-day a memorandum submitted by
Admiral Skrydloff to the Emperor last
spring, giving the composition of the
squadron to be sent out to the Pa
cific. The list includes the ships of
Vice Admiral Rojestvensky's com
mand and also of the Third Squadron,
including the coast-defenee ships_Sla
va, Nicholas I and Alexander II, the
cruisers Koroloff, Posadnik. Abrek and
Voioda and- several torpedo-boat de
stroyers "in case need for further re
enforcements should make it necessary
to dispatch part of the Black Sea
fleet."
Admiral Wirenius. chief of the Gen
eral Staff of the Russian navy, when
questioned last night, said he knew
nothing of any intention to send the
Black Sea fleet to the Far East. He
believed the question had not been
mooted.
— ; » .
PUNISHED FOR AIDING RUSSIANS
Great Britain- Forbids German
"to Coal at Cardiff.
CARDIFF, Dec. 4. — It is said that
the captain of the German collier
Captain Menzell has been forbidden
by the government to ship another
cargo of coal from here. The Foreign
Office took this action on proof that a
former cargo taken by the Captain
Menzell had been discharged to the
ships of the Russian Pacific squad
ron off Dakar.
The action of the Foreign Office was
taken under the foreign enlistment
act. The collier is discharging: the
coul she had already loaded and will
be permitted to take only sufficient to
curry her to the nearest home port. <
It" is rumored that the government
is endeavoring 1 to arrange with Ger
many Joint action to prevent the coal
ing of _, the" Russian fleet by German
ships. I ;-,.\'-Vf7 '■ ■ '
RED CROSS WAREHOUSE BURNED
Fire at Harbin Entails Great Loss of
Supplies.
HARBIN, Dec. 4.— A large ware
house of the Red Cross Society here
has been burned, entailing a great loss
of supplies.
. An entertainment given by the
Patriotic League Theater here realized
a. large sum for the benefit of soldiers
at the front.
Chinese report that four divisions of
Japanese reinforcements have arrived.
The men, it is said, are mostly under
sized. " , ; .
♦ ■..;•■■-■
SHANGHAI A RUSSIAN DEPOT.
Neutrality of the Chinese Harbor Is
/ j>. Belns Violated.
LONDON, Dec. 5. — The Morning
Post's correspondent at Shanghai tel
egraphs as follows:
"Russia la practically converting
Shanghai into a depot for her mili
tary and naval stores. A local German
butcher has received a Russian order
for several million pounds of meat.
Large quantities of coal are held on
Russian account. The infringement
of Shanghai's neutrality is arousing
great indignation." •
Progress of Baltic Ships.
BREST, Dec. 4.— The Russian tor
pedo-boat destroyer Prouzitlny sailed
for Tangier to-day. The Russian
cruisers Oleg and Izumrud and the
transport Okean have arrived here.
The cruiser Rlon ' and two torpedo
boat destroyers have sailed for Algiers.
sS&: ' • ; '
Unimportant Skirmishes.
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 4.—Gen
eral Kuropatkln telegraphs under date
of December 3, reporting unimportant
skirmishes. •
Great Sorrow Causes Suicide.
SALT LAKE, Dec. 4.— Disheartened
by the death of his wife and son,
Herbert D. Parkin, a foundryman, 33
years old, to-day shot himself through
the heart. -... ': ' ■-;
NEW YORK JOURNALIST
ENDS LIFE WITH BULLET
John Harrison Wagner, the Author of
"3Ir. Wix of'Wickham," Shoots
Himself.
NEW YORK, Dec. 4. — John Har
rison Wagner, author, of "Mr^Wix of
Wickham," • and ~ a newspaper writer,
was found dead in his room in a hotel
here to-daV, having shot himself. No
cause for the suicide Is known. Wag
ner; was an Australian, 39 years of
age; and was a graduate of the Cam
bridge Law School.'
Officer and Bank Funds Gone.
ARDMORE, I. T.; Dec. 4.— An in
vestigation of the . books of trie First
National Bank of Madlll, I. T., shows
a shortage of between $22,000^and
$25,000: One of the officers of the
bank is missing and the other officers
say they do not know his whereabouts.
Snowstorm In Kansas.
KANSAS CITY, ? Mo M Dec. 4.— Snow
fell over, Central; and - Eastern Kansas
to-day, and, despite the fact that it
melted rapidly at, first,. the ground;to
night ' is ; covered with , more , than two
Inches In many places. . <The moisture
is needed: for the wheat.
HEADACHES FROM COLDS.
■LAXATIVE BROMO QUININE remove* the
cause. To: set: the,! genuine, -call f or : the full
name i and look for the • signature of • E. - W.
Grov«. ' 25c. ' « •
Russians Yet Hold
Two Lines of
Defenses.
Port Arthur s Situ
ation Is s Not
. > Hopeless.
Special; Cable to The Call and New York
Herald. Copyright. 1004. by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 5, 2 a. m.
Neither the Admiralty nor the "War
Office is able to confirm the report
from Chefu that the Japanese have
been unable to hold 203-Meter Hill,
but this news is quite in accordance
with expectations. Experts here are
convinced that the capture of 203-
Meter Hill will be of no advantage to
the Japanese unless they can gain pos
session of the neighboring forts.
Nevertheless, the tone of the talk
about Port Arthur is pessimistic. Gen
eral Heisman, for Instance, says that
even if they can no longer defend the
walls crumbling about their ears, the
defenders of Port Arthur will have
written one of the most glorious pages
in Russian history.
Xemirovlch Dachenko writes that
the situation is very critical, but not
hopeless. The Russians still hold two
lines of defense. When these are lost
they can fall back upon Liaoshan.
In the opinion of many other ex
perts, General Stoessel will make his
final stand in the last named fort.
General Grippenberg has started
from Harbin for Mukden to meet Gen
eral Kuropatkin. The second army is
already assembled at the former place.
Special dispatches to the Novoe
Vremya from the front say great num
bers of sick and wounded soldiers have
completely filled all available space be
tween Mukden and Baikal.
SPOILS PLANS
OF HIS SPOUSE
Iiedlands Man Eefuses to
Keep Foundling Placed on
Doorstep by Wife's Friend
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 4. — As a re
sult of the finding: of a foundling upon
the doorstep of a prominent lledlaiids
man, the later discovery of who left
it there and the action of the Red
lands police in compelling the woman
who had deoosited the child there to
return and take it away, a strange
story has developed in which it ap
pears that -none of those connected
with it intended to harm any other
person, but were working: for the
other's good.
Mrs. J. W. Humphreys had long ex
pressed a desire for a blue-eyed baby
girl and tried to induce Mrs. Sadie
Shaw to consent to the adoption of her
daughter, but the latter declined. She,
however, agreed to nnd a baby girl
for Mrs. Humphreys if she wanted to
adopt a child. Husband Humphreys
objected strongly and said he would
have no adoptions. His wife, however,
supposed she could induce him to per
mit her to keep a child if a baby was
left Upon the door step and she and
Mrs. Shaw entered into an agreement
whereby the latter agreed to find a
baby and leave it there.
Mrs. Shaw came to Los Angeles, found
a blue-eyed girl baby two weeks old,
took it to Redlands Friday night and
delivered it upon the doorstep of the
Humphreys' home. Husband Hum
phreys, however, would have no found
lings and was about to turn the young
ster over to the police when Mrs, Shaw
telephoned to ask if the baby had been
found, thus exposing her connection
with the case; A demand was imme
diately made that she return and take
away the child, which she did; but that
did not end It. Humphreys did not know
about the conspiracy between the two
women, and gave his side of the story
to the newspapers. Then Mrs. Shaw
retaliated by producing written instruc
tions from Mrs. Humphreys as to what
to do and where to leave the baby.
Mrs. Shaw still has the child and
says she will keep it.
ITALIAN' v KILLED BY TWO
MEN* IX f ROWDED STREET
Victim of Murderous Attack Re-
peatedly Stabbed Till He
Drops to Sidewalk.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 4 —Within two
blocks of his home, 748 Cleveland streejt,
on a street that is usually well filled
with people because It is in the poor
Quarter, mostly peopled by Italians,
Alfonso Rusio was attacked by two
men this evening and stabbed with sti
lettos until he received wounds which
resulted in his death an hour later.
Who killed him, why he was killed, ex
actly ! where the fight occurred are
matters which the police have been
unable to discover.
No person. can be found who knew
that Rusio had any enemies and his
relatives say they are certain that his
death was the result of a contest
which he had in the East with.' certain
fellow members of a secret society.
They will not say that any societ'y de
creed his death, but they believe he
was followed here and murdered.
PRIZEFIGHTER ARRESTED
FOR BEATING A SAILOR
Pugilist Is Held Under Heavy Bonds
Pending Result of Injuries Re
ceived by Victim.
SAN RAFAEL, Dec. 4.— Frank Mc-
Grath, a Sausalito prize-fighter, was
arrested to-night on a charge of bat
tery, and brought to the County. Jail
McGrath administered a severe beat
ins to Quartermaster Taylor of the
revenue cutter Bear, and on account
of Taylor's serious condition was
placed under 5500 bonds. by Judge Pry
,or. He was unable to raise this amount
and was. brought to San Rafael by
Constable Trouette.
"Watch the fat man on; those scales
and see how mad he gets." .
. "What makes you think he'll be
mad? 11 }\ >"
"The machine's out of order; it
won't, welarh: him at all."
"I should, think that might please
him. It's worth a penny sometimes to
a man jikVthat not .to see how heavy
he is."-— Catholic Times "and 1 Standard.
Garrison Contests
Every Inch of
Ground
Terrific Fighting for
a Port Arthur
Hill.
TOKIO, Dec. 4.— The diary of the
fighting around 203-Meter Hill, which
Is published in the Japanese papers,
describes the terrible losses involved
in the storming of the Russian position
from dawn of November 28 until 11
o'clock In the forenoon of that day. A
Russian counter-attack was begun at
dawn on November 29 and was so
furiously pressed that the Japanese
were compelled to retire into the val
ley.
The attack was renewed the morn
ing of November 30, "when all the
Japanese reserves came up," from the
southwestern corner, but the assail
ants had advanced only thirty meters
by 5 o'clock, so stubborn was the re
sistance and the Japanese suffered se
vere losses.
Then, being reinforced, the Japanese
maintained the struggle with terrible
earnestness. Furious charges -were
made repeatedly and the Russians
were compelled -gradually to retire. The
southwestern summit of the hill was
not occupied until 7 o'clock in the even
ing and the northwestern summit not
until H o'clock.
During the night six Russian coun
ter-attacks were repulsed. One, which,
was launched at 4 o'clock In the morn
ing, was characterized by several bay
onet attacks and was persisted in until
noon of December 1, when, the hope
lessness of the attempts becoming evi
dent, the Russians retired.
CATHOLICS OP SAN' JOSE
PARADE STREETS OF CITY
Men, Women and Children Join In
j Celebration of Feast of the Im
maculate Conception.
SAN JOSE. Dec. 4. — With the most
imposing religious pageant ever held
in this city, the Catholic residents of
San Jose celebrated the feast of the
Immaculate Conception this after
noon. The procession, which was a
grand affair, with banners, floats and
music, was more than a mile long,
and was made up of 2500 members of
the church, two-thirds of whom were
women and children. Large crowds
lined the route of the procession,
which was from St. Patrick's to Sr.
Mary's and then to St. Joseph's
Church.
Dr. F. C. Gerlach wa* grrand mar
shal. In line were the children of the
various Catholic schools and Sunday
schools and the Ladies' and Gentle
men's sodalities of St. Patrick^, St.
Mary's and St. Joseph's churches and
the aitar boys, singers and priests. At
St.^Joseph's Church Father Sasia of
St. Ignatius, San Francisco, preached
the coronation sermon. An Imposing
feature of the day was the blessing of
the crown of the Blessed Virgin by
Father Sasia.
Oakland Man Killed In South.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 4.— Clayton S.
Griffith, who, according to cards found
in his pockets, was in the elec
trical supply business at 1534 Brush
street, Oakland, was struck by an
electric car af Pico and Albany streets
this afternoon and sustained injuries
which resulted in his death to-night at
the Receiving Hospital. He leaves a
wife and two children, who are now
at McCloud. Cal.
; ADVEKTISja>UEJfTS.
Mbbb Mx&c I
Are pleased to* an-
nounce the opening of
their new store to-day,
when they will show
the most tasteful and
serviceable creations in
gentlemen's Haber-
dashery and Clothing.
F. B. O. hand -made
clothing, noted as the
finest dress for men, is
to be founa^ here ex-
clusively.
BtZMaxkKtBt.
(WHITE BUILDING)
tf% R 0 fk H (f^ Ammunition. Hunting and
I "3 ElSBv Sporting Goods. Largesc
1 'SI 1 I H»J Xk stock - Lowe « t prices. Send
ywIvU S°HRE\'E 0 & i BARBER CO.
739 llarket tc. and 521
■ .J_ Kearny st.
>BVDDVrT,STROHG&CO.>ggV
ST. Sf .
|ASTHMAN0LA|
.Xi tta« only cure for Nervous ana
. Bronchial ASTHMA.
Tour Druggist or at 698 UAIGHT ST..
v San Francisco. Cat.
jj&SBtetiM MEN AND WOMEN.
i*£(H«PfcUttZs'&3J3 u»« Big O for onnatcrti
J&QWla 1 to 6 d»T»!>3 dUch»rge8.infl»nim»tion§.
Has O«»r»«t«d M lrrit»tloai or nlcerstloBi
eSi i«i «• «rlotor«. of mucous m*mbr»n«e.
E* Tj Pr«T.»t» Cnuji.i. Piia'.ei*. and not a.cria<
KajTHEEUasCHEWICilCO. ««nt or poisonons.
tign O!MOmHATI,O.EEffl »«W *T Drnf«lstt,
i®uV utka. Zpi2r or lent Jn plain wr»pj*r.
jPBSfSk*^^*49?$H *>T expreii. prepaid, lot
"• b circular §»ct on rwiuMt
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
FRESH AND 8AX.T MEATS.
F*C RfiYF^ fr fft Shipping Butchers, 108
Jfl>. DUICJ a WV. Clay. Tel. Main 1204.
1SAST BOOFS AJTD CXTUOBTS.
All kinds repaired.' Globe Sheet Metal Works '
1176-1178 Mission st. Phone Main 5461.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS: LEONARD & ELUS
:; 418 Front st., S. F. Phone Main 1719.
PBXHTXHG.
F.C.HUGHES, .511 sSJ s . f.
n APvJ£i<I'ICTr%rpyrS.
ForChristmas
LEATHER SHOPPING BAG3.
specially good value. Have card case
and purse in compartments and
leather rope handle. Our stice
ipi.oo. . '
We ha-re others at prices ranging
from * 1.2.1 up.
PEGGY BAGS, In all stylish
leathers, from 25c to J13.00.
Card cases and wallets, from SOo
CONKLHTS SELF - FILLINC*
• PEN. the perfect fountain pen.
convenient and durable. always
ready, price $3.00 to $o.OO.
Gold Pens, pearl handle. ftl/H>
to «3.00.
Mall orders promptly filled.
TEAT IfXAXr PTTTS
T. W. PITTS, the Stationer, j
1008 Market st.. opp. Fifth st., v
San Francisco.
Sore Throat
- Bronchitis
Positively cured with -Dr. Hal-
pruner's Wonderful Medicine,
or your money returned. Price,
50c. and $1.00 per bottle. For
sale by all dealers and at office
of Halpruncr Medical Mfg. Co.,
28 California St., S. F., sent by
mail or express. People cured
free of charge from 1 to i p. m.
() visit DR. JORDAN'S orcat4
|museuh of ahatomy*
0 £& icsi hash? gr. tt\. e*«7tt, 8.r.ai. A
\ Xi Thl " L * I 5" t Aoatonical Maieusa i» th. \
Q rr'.Wv-BL 1 - « «Jtn««e» or any wmtwi A
' BttgfCT di»ei»9 p«»UI •«! j r ar«d r.j th« o.Je»t f
A j^&h OR- J330AM-0ISEASE3 OF ME.1 4
\ fniv}| Cwimludoa free uid tnirtlT prtrtte. \
B R I*c/h Tr«rment penonmti? or b» Itner. A Q
\ 1 / Tlfi •/"••""• CW« in .Terr an and«rtakaa. T
QPn 11 v ' y nte (« Bwk. pniLoiornT *r A
A (J /j. »«.u»bl. bosk far an) \
Y DO. JOBDAX * «:o . 1031 MarkstSk..8L T. 9
CUTLERY
EVERY BLADE WRRANTED
issunxscE. -
STATEMENT
OF THB
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THB
FRANKLIN FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
f~|F Philadelphia, in the State of Pennsrt-
VJ Tania, on the 31st day of December. A. n.
1803. and for the year ending on that day, aa
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant ti> tne provisions
of sections «0 and 611 of the Political Cod*
condensed as per blank furnished by til* Com*
mlsslcner.
\~ a 1 1 rAXf.
An-ount of Capital Stock, paid up
to *»» h <40O.0OOQO
ASSETS. ~
Real Estate ownsd by Company..! 234.200 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 90*893 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 2.032,215 u>
Amount of Loans secured by
pledge of Bonds, Stocks and
other m*rketab!e securities as \
collateral S /v /yy.
Gain in Company's ofnc* 2741 -■%
Cash In banks "" T^fto £?
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 1 3G3 47
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
Oon •• 123.437 1U
ToUl Assets g.ln>3t 4t
LIABILITIES. . =L ==
Losses adjusted and unpaid $ 21 004 It
Losses In rroctss of adjustment or
In suspense 42;318 S3
Lossps resisted. Including expenses 1,046 CO
Grcss premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $327,287 14;
reinsurance 50 per cent 263 W3 57
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $757.-
71121; reinsurance pro rata 3S7.57G 01
Amount reclaimable by the Insured
on Perpetual Fire Insurance Poli-
cies 849.660 Mi
Commissions and Brckerage dae
and to become due 2S..S34 34
Total Liabilities ..$1.69«.3CS 80
INCOME. ~ =3
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums .' :.. $713,977 63
Received fcr Interest on Bonds
and Mortgages 10
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Leans and
from all other sources M3.0SS 83
Received for Rents 6>133 w
Total Income (&3O.O79 04
EXPENDITURES. ~'
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $53,978 17, losses of
previous years) $350 553 00
Dividends to stockholders 80 0OO Oil
Paid or allow*d for Commission or ov - vw w
Brokerage , 171 522 t<>
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for ofneers, clerka, etc.. 35 «sa sn
Patd for Slate. National and Local
Taxes 21.649 73
AH other payments and npendl-
t urc>B • 96.524 43
Total Expenditures.... ..$753,937 47
Losses incurred during the year....^4.068 35
Risks and Premiums.! Flr« Risks. Premium*
* ■ 1
Net amount of risks
written during the
J**r •• • 169.971.502$ 911,27003
•Net amount of risks **.*.«»«*
expired during the
7ear 63.112.457 801.349 63
Net amount in force
December 31. 1903.. 1C5.65I.25S 1.224.963 33
J. VT. MCALLISTER. President.
* v ._ JF- T - CRBSSON. Secretary!
Subscribed and sworn to before me this
13th day o£ January. 1904. .' .
I 8AM H. KIRKPATRICK.
i Department, 218 Sansoma St.
elephone James 7S-11.
GE0R3E F. GRANT, Manager.
*. H. inniiiEN, Assistant Manager. >
City Department, 20 Monlgomerj St.
6.-H. UMBSEN& CO., Resident Agents.
Telephone Private Exchange 300.HEATEN'S LARGE AIRSHIP
MAKES ANOTHER TRIP
THOUGH HELD BY ROPES IT SHOWS DESIRE TO SOAR
Inventor Confident He Will Soon Fly All Over California
and Make Aerial Craft Decided Success.
THE CALIFORNIA MESSENGER. GEORGE C. HEATEN'S NEW AIRSHIP WHICH I
WAS AGAIN SENT ALOFT YESTERDAY IN ALAMEDA. THE TRIALS ARE I
PROVING ITS DIRIGIBILJTY AND PROMISE FINAL SUCCESS 1
INSANE MAN
BREAKS CELL
Policeman and Steward of
Hospital Do Battle With
Violent Escaped Maniac
WOULD KILL KEEPERS
Steven H. Clark Tears Out
Boards From Wall to Gain
Freedom From His Prison
Steven H. Clark, an insane man held
at the Central Emergency Hospital,
broke out of his cell last night
end made a violent endeavor to
brain Steward John Devere. With
the assistance of Policeman Har
rtll and W. Mundell. a re
porter, the crazy man was subdued
only after a terrible drubbing, in the
administering of which his face was
cut severely. Clark had been violent
at times and was kept in a strait
Jacket. Last evening he complained of
pains and the jacket was removed so
h«» could rest. A short time after, that
the matron, Mrs. H- Swett, heard a
crash in the Insane ward. She rushed
In and saw Clark climbing through a
Bnoall aperture he had made by tearing
down the boards between his cell and
the nest one. The walls are built of
heavy two-inch pine planks, though
they are not adequate in strength for
the incarceration of lunatics.
The insane man stood his bed on end
and with the characteristic strength of
a demented man wrenched three boards
from their position.
Mrs. Swett notified Steward Devere
and Policeman Harrell. who went to
the cell. Clark had climbed into the
next cell, which was, fortunately, va
cant. The door was unlocked, but the
prisoner did not discover the fact. As
Devere pulled the door open Clark
t prang forward, brandishing one of the
heavy planks. The steward and the
officer closed in and. after a desperate
struggle In which Clark was beaten
into a semi-conscious condition, over
powered him.
It is impossible to see how Clark
wrenched the heavy boards from the
partition. He has been in the hospital
for several days and suffers from the
hallucination that he is the greatest
inventor of the age. He cays he has
an airship that will go to China in
ore minute. Periodically he becomes
violent-
Military Change In Germany.
In consequence of the scandals In
email German garrison towns, such as
formed the staple of Lieutenant Bilse'a
"Aus EIner Kleinen Garrison," the
military authorities have decided to
change the garrisons at least once in
every five years so as to avoid too
great an intimacy between the officers
and troops and the civil population.—
Jbxcnanjj ft- - HES?^— *—^
WILL ASSEMBLE
AT SAN JOSE
Orchardists and Viticultur
ists to Hold Four Days'
fleeting in Garden City
LAEGE CROWD EXPECTED
Arrangements for Entertain
ment of Visitors Are Being
3Iade by the Municipality
SAX JOSE. Dec. 4. — Great interest
centers In the State convention of fruit
growers, which is to meet here Tues
day and continue in session three days.
At least 300 prominent orchardists and
vittculturists from all over the State
are exr>ected to be in attendance. The
programme includes a number of inter
esting papers on matters relating to the
growing, packing and selling of fruit.
A committee of entertainment from
the Farmers' Club, the Grange and the
Chamber of Commerce is making ar
rangements for the" entertainment of
the visitors. Tuesdav evening the la
dies of the Grange will give a reception
and musicale in honor of the growers
at the Unitarian Church. Thursday aft
ernoon they will be taken on an excur
sion over the Interurban line to Los
Gatos and Saratoga.
Lcltrim Club to Give BalL
The fourteenth annual ball of the
County Leltrim Social Club will take
place at Harmony Hall, 1749 Mission
street, on Saturday evening:. Decem
ber 10. The following committees
have been appointed: >
Arrangements — P. M. McGushin, P.
C. Morton. M. J. Moran, James Bo
han, Peter McKeon, Frank Conlan.
John Kenny, Owen Charles. William
Muldoon. James Maguire, Frank Ma
giiire, Martin Hannon.
Reception — R. J. O'Reilly, P. J.
Meehan, Edward Banahan. Thomas
Conway, P. Donahoe. Matt Bohan,
Stephen McGurk, Neal Gallagher,
Thomas Roony. EfilM
Floor-^James Morton, A. J. Riddell,
James Monahan. B. Dolan, William
Maguire, P. McKeon. • .
- - -
Origin of Russia's Emblem.
The two-headed eagle, which is the
emblem of Russia, has an ancient ori
gin in symbolism, if not in natural his
tory. It is traceable to primitive Bab
ylonia, and is found on Hittlte monu
ments of Cappadocia; it was adopted
by Turkoman Princes, and also brought
to Europe by crusaders in the four
teenth century. Apparently the . Ger
man Emperors • got It from crusaders
and passed it on to Russia and Austria.
—Philadelphia Record. .
Xotice to candidates: You needn't
come in to shake our hand; we know
whether ; we - want to vote ; for : you or
not. ■HMMflBHHflM
THE -SAN PRANCISCO CALU, ■ MONDAY,. DECEMBER 5, 1904.
Like a monster full of life, the airship
California Messenger, constructed by
George E. Heaten, flew about in Ala
meda for several hours yesterday. Its
flight was over the large field north of
the tidal canal and west of Park ave
nue. She obeved her steering and pro
pelling apparatus in a manner highly
satisfactory to the inventor.
Heaten went up in his aerial craft
for the first time and put the vessel
through a series of evolutions that in
cluded soaring, descending, turning
about, traveling in a straight line and
in a circle. Nearly a thousand persons
witnessed" the flight, and" many ex
pressed the opinion that the designer
and buider of the craft has come near
solving the problem of a dirigible air-
Heaten had inflated the mammoth '
balloon of the vessel with almost 10,000 j
cubic feet of hydrogen gas, and its
buoyancy easily lifted the craft and the
operator, who weighed 150 pounds. To
lessen the chances of an accident long
ropes were fastened to the vessel during
the maneuvers above the earth, the
lines being held by Heaten's assistants, j
who were forced to run rapidly when I
the craft was moving ahead at -half- !
speed. , ;
Owing to the atmospheric conditions
the gasoline engine that drives the pro- i
pelling fans of the airship gave Heaten •
some trouble for a time by stopping j
when he was high above the ground, j
but the inventor says he can prevent a j
recurrence of the annoyance by altera- j
tions to the engine. After coming down j
from his initial ascension Heaten took j
two of his small children in the basket ;
of the airship and made- a short flight !
for the purpose of giving their mother !
an opportunity to take a snapshot of •.
the vessel and its occupants. I
In discussing his aerial vessel Heaten
eaid:
I feel that I have come »s near as Santos
Dumont and other builders of airships to mak
ing one than can be controlled. My vessel dif
fers from ethers in Its motive power and in the
construction of its guiding machinery. The en
gine was designed by me and is capable of de
veloping 15-horseix>wer, although it weighs but
64 pounds.
GERMAXIA LODGE HOLDS
Anniversary and ball-
Members and Friends Gather at
Turn Vereln Hall and Enjoy
Music and Dancing.
Turn Verein Hall was the scene of
much merry-making last night, the
occasion being the twentieth anniver
sary of Germania Lodge No. 7, Order
of Hermann's Sons.
The programme opened with an
overture by the orchestra, followed
by a numT>er of good selections by the
West Berkeley Singing Society. .
Supervisor Oscar Hocks, past grand
president of the lodge, delivered an
address of welcome, after which a
series of tableaux were given depict
ing the success of the lodge since -its
organization in 1884. A one-act play
entitled, "The Lost Key," was pro
duced, under the direction of
Henry Maret. The witty dialogue and
many humorous situations evoked
rounds of applause.
At the close of the programme- the
floor was cleared and dancing en-
Joyed until a late hour.
To the untiring efforts of the fol
lowing committees is credit due for
the success of the affair: Arrange
ment — Henry Maret, Ernst Lueger
and Prank Voegtlander.
Reception — F. Suchting, Helene
Rose, Rose Daniel.- Pauline Buch, Jo
hanne Kahdemann, -Wilhelmina Si
mon, Frederiche#Kohl, Marie Greve,
Marie Stilley, Katie Brunnecker,
Marie Nissen, J. Diehl, H. Riche, E.
Burmeister, J. Hansen, and Charles
Haller.
Floor — Paul Kahdelmann, E. Dents,
F. Klimm, : E. Kouswitzer, » F. Hocks,
H. Budde and J. Mahr.
Unsuccessful Suicides.
An Austrian student of the phenom
ena attending suicide says that of those
persons who try to take, their" lives 'by
shooting themselves, only _.. one-third
succeed In attaining " their ;end at once.
Another third die after a' long period of
suffering from the wound inflicted,
while the remaining third survive.
■ Before jumping at conclusions find
out what Is on the other : side r of the
hurdle. - . - ■
. Insurance policies are not issued
against the flres of 'srenlus.
WILL INDICT
YOUNG WEBER
Auburn Grand Jury Prepared
to Charge the Youth With
the Murder of His Father
SEAECH FOE LOST GOLD
officers Believe Coin Miss
ing From the Alleged Bank
Funds Is in San Francisco
Special Dispatch to The Call.
'AUBURN. Dec 4.— The Grand Jury
to-morrow will bring in an indictment
against Adolph J. Weber for the killing
of his father. On the same day young
Weber will have his hearing before
Judge Prewett on the charge of killing
his mother. The jury will not attempt
to bring in any further indictments be
cause of a Supreme Court decision
which says that where a first indict
ment found by a Grand Jury is not re
submitted to it for correction, or not re
submitted at all, the same jury which
found the first indictment is disqualified
from finding a second one. The District
Attorney will advise the present Grand
Jury that it would be use'less for it to
bring in an indictment against Weber
on the bank robbery charge.
A neighbor of the Webers to-day said
that Adolph Weber had not spoken to
his sister Bertha for several months
prior to her death. He seldom spoke
to any of the family. On one occasion,
it is said, when Adolph was lvlng upon
the lounge at his home his little^valid
brother while playing bumped into him.
Immediately Adolph flew Into a rage
and struck the helpless boy. Young
Weber on another occasion remarked
to a companion that he was tired of
living at home, tired of his people, that
they were not congenial and that he
was going to make other arrangements.
A thorough search has been 'made of
the Weber premises for the 5825 that is
missing from the sum supposed to have
been stolen from the bank by Weber.
The officers believe that it has either
been found and not reported or that the
money is somewhere in San Francisco.
When the Weber family left last June
for San Francisco Adolph did not go on
the same train with the rest of the fam
ily, but took a train five hours later.
The officers think that he stayed behind
in order to take some of the stolen bank
money with him. It may be, the officers
say, that he has the money deposited
somewhere in San Francisco under an
alias, or possibly with some friend.
+ - : J.
MONEY STOLEN,
SAY OFFICIALS
Express Company Xow Satis
fied $15,000 Was Taken
Prom Its Coin Department
DETECTIVES AEE BUSY
Not- a Trace of the Missing
Casli Is Found in jtfoxes
Sent to Eastern Points
The detectives of Wells, Fargo & Co.
were turned loose yesterday in search
of the man or men guilty of stealing
the 515,000 which mysteriously disap
peared a week ago from the forwarding
department of the express company. All
hope that the missing money might be
eventually found in one of the east
bound coin safes, where it was thought
it might have been placed by mistake,
was abandoned yesterday.
Early in the morning reports had
been received from all points to which
coin safes were shipped on the day the
coin disappeared. The money had not
been accounted for, and the only theory
left for the officials of the company was
that -it had been made away with by
some one. Discussing the matter yes
terday one" of the officials of the com
pany said the theory of theft was re
luctantly accepted by the company.
"As we have repeatedly statod," said
he, "We have directed suspicion against
no employe of the company. It is hard
to believe that one of our men would
have betrayed the trust reposed in
him, for in the coin department the
majority of the employes have been
there for many years, some as far back
as 1868, and during their long career
with the company they have handled
sums of money far in excess of the
amount stolen last week. Of course, .we
do not mean in any way to intimate
that one of these men is guilty of tht
theft. There is every reason, however,
for believing that the money was
stolen, and it now rests with the spe
cial officers of the company to deter
mine who is the guilty person."
Among the men employed in the for
warding department it has been sus
pected from the start that the $15,000
was stoleri> and they all keenly feel the
position they have been placed in. How
one man could have got away with the
$15,000 without attracting the notice of
the large number of employes in that
department is a mystery. It is gener
ally conceded that an outsider could not
have carried it off, and it seems to the
officials of the company almost impos
sible that -one of the employes could
have had a confederate outside the
counter and passed the bag of money
to him without arousing suspicion.
PERSOXAIa
"W. - F. Knox, a banker of Sacra
mento, is at the Grand.
Attorney J. B. Devine of Sacramento
is staying, at the Grand.
Lieutenant Governor . Alden Anderson
is a euest at the Grand.
Barton Pittman, a Tonopah mining
man, is at the. St. Francis.
Vontaine ;Flament of Lille, France,
registered at the Palace yesterday. '
W. . Lk ." Carter, a jeweler of Santa
Rosa, and his wife are at the Occi
dental. . '.' '
J. D. Maxwell, a . Los Angeles hotel
proprietor,' ; arrived : at the St. Francis
yesterday. ; ;~
Fred . Searle, a well-known mining
man • of : Nevada City, is at* the . Palace. 1
He is here. to attend the miners' con
vention. ' .
J. S. ; - Runnells, general counsel- of
the Pullman. Car Company, -accom
panied by William Pettit, arrived from
Chicago yesterday. They are ; registered
at j the ; St. ■< Francis. Lawyer Runnells
says he. is here on private; business. .
/, When ; a woman has • poor luck ■ with
her *cake< she doesn't save any of it
for company.
TORPEDO OMLY
AN AUXILIARY
Navy Board Holds That the
Battleship Continues to Be
the Mistress of the Seas
MORTOX MAKES EEPOET
Would Put Younger Men in
Command; Favors Creation
of Two Vice Admirals
WASHINGTON. Dec. 4.— Secretary of
the Navy Morton in his annual report,
made public to-day, says the naval es
timates for the fiscal year are large, the
largest ever submitted, notwithstanding
the fact that they have been cut down
from those sent in by the bureaus more
than $17,000,000. He adds:
The past year was an important one In th«
history of our naval construction. Never be
fore were so many warships launched by this
or any other nation In on* year. Vessel for
vessel and type for type. I believe our new
ships . will compare favorably with those of
any navy afloat and every American should
be proud of the progress and character of th*
work now being accomplished, not only In
construction, but in all branches of the ser
vice.
New ships necessarily require more officers,
more marines and more enlisted men and the
appropriations are quite likely to increase
steadily for some years to come. The more
ships we have »he greater our fixed charges
will be and the greater our facilities necessarily
must be, «n the way of yards and docks and
the ability to make repairs and take proper
care of the fleet.
It costs a great deal of money to keep the
fleet <uovin? in maneuvers and target prac
tice. bi:t this is the only way officers and men
can gain experience at sea and It is our well
defined policy to maintain a high standard of
efficiency throughput the service.
Last year the navy cost a little over a dol
lar per capita. It cost littte compared to what
war would cost and it is the best Insurance
we have against ws>r. We want such a navy
in style, size and "sand" that no other navy
will ever desire an engagement with us. It
is our greatest exhibit in favor of peace.
HEAVY GUNS EFFECTIVE.
The Ussons of the war In the East thus far
are the same as those of the Spanish war
with respect to the relative value and uses
of battleships, torpedo-boats and destroyers.
Weight of metal, heavy guns and hard hitting-,
whether at long or short range, still do the
most effective work. The day of the battle
ship Is not over and the sphere of the lighter
vessels, vrhile Important. Is auxiliary only.
These conclusions, reached by the general
board and the board of construction, as the
result of careful study of naval progress and
present conditions in the light of the events
of the past few months In Eastern seas, con
firm In a most striking manner your own
views on the subject expressed more than two
and a half years aso.
Secretary Morton then quotes from
the President's letter, in. the course of
which the President said:
Nothing could be more foolish than the talk
of substituting torpedo boats for battleships
and cruisers. Except when working at night
or under conditions which favor a surprise, the
torpedo boat is absolutely helpless against any
seagoing anip armed with rapid-tire guns,
whether the ship be large or small, and under
no circumstances Is it lit to do rough work at
sea. or to perform, any of the duties taken as a
matter of course by regular seagoing craft.
The Secretary continuing: says:
The general board and the Board of Con
struction, after weighing the result of recert
developments, have reached conclusions in full
accord with those expressed by you In the pa
per above quoted, and a schedule of naval con
struction In harmony with these views will be
submitted later.
It is only fair to say the work now being
done by the < : general --"board. -with. Admiral
Dfwty at Its, Read.- la; directly- In the line of
preparation for war and. Is of the greatest
value.
FAVORS YOUNGER MEN.
Secretary Morton says that our in
terests in the Far Bast and elsewhere
have become so Important that the
navy should have one or more officers
of high rank ' available for service
wherever their presence may be appro
priate, and he concurs in the recom
mendation of the chief of the Bureau
of Navigation that provision should be
made for two vice admirals of the
navy.
Secretary Morton also concurs with
the chief of the Bureau of Navigation
in the opinion that officers of the navy
attain command rank too late in life,
and on this subject says:
It is no disparagement of the senior officers
of the service to say tnat we should have
younger men in command of our ships in time
of peace as well as in time of war.
Secretary Morton reports satisfactory
progress of work on vessels building at
navy yards, but says:
It is the oplnicn of the chief constructor
that ships built by the Government at navy
yards will cost more money than if built at
private yards by contract.
He concurs, however, with the chief
constructor in the view that the repair
ing and overhauling of naval vessels
must remain the important work of the
navy yards, and that there should be
no change in the policy of building pub
lic ships, as a general rule, by contract
at private establishments. Of naval gun
factories he says:
The maintenance of a public naval gun fac
tory in a state of such efficiency as to be ca
pable of turning out guns of all calibers re
quired for the armament of naval vessels is
undoubtedly desirable. The Government should
not necessarily^enter the Industrial field. The
development in time of peace of large private
establishments, with extensive plants and a
force of rkllled artisans capable of building
ships of the first class, making armor of the
best quality in all weights, and constructing
guns of every kind and supplying fixed ammu
nition therefor is desirable Inasmuch as the
existence of such establishments may be of Im
portant service in time of war.
As to the use of oil as fuel Secretary
t ___/___^ ADVERTISEMENTS.
j& |^ a f fig | ' H|S |yfiEi
L^aaaaF^JJWfrSrP'/g^srj^ir -* aaaaaaWiaalCaaaW.^ ' "' *T ilrJ '^^'ir** s^a«*aaaaaaCaaa»BPW>^s^aai»^^aaaaaaaal ?pJJr B
j£? m ' j^ IjT ■ 111 99 ~af ffTP '^a^^Fste Jt^ytl ■ **,'»*» <^'» ** III I &%
Bt Ji h cv£^ r^ i^ M<^* r^TTTn iOT' T^fta i" «* *n M f *7 af i*aT^Waafft' "* ill it B4lS
H S M Kim' Ir ~ *l<jJPSfi o^8C*c'"Siy^^ff^-^ V~v^LiBmc*RrTrlBl E>3 III I Js?Sfe?*'£'* : Sii^ : i i
CONGRESS WILL
CONVENE TO-DAY
Little Will Be Accomplished
During the .First Week
in the Senate or House
3EESSAGE ON TUESDAY
Knox of Pennsylvania and
Crane of Massachusetts to
Sit in the Upper Body
WASHINGTON. Dec. 4.— The first
act of the Senate, which will convene
to-morrow, will be one of respect to
the memory of two distinguished Sen
ators — Senator Quay and Senator
Hoar. Adjournment for the day will
follow at once and thus postpone the
receipt of the President's annual mes
sage until Tuesday. That document
will be received early Tuesday and
very little if anv further business be
yond its reading and the induction
into office of Knox of Pennsylvania
and Crane of Massachusetts will be
undertaker, that .lu,*. 1'ci the remain
der of- the week exceedingly brief
sessions are expected. On Thursday
adjournment will be taken until the
following Monday.
OLD BILLS IX LINE.
Senator Lodge will press the House
bill for the Philippines Government as
soon as it is possible to got that meas
ure before the Senate, and he has
announced . his intention not to brook
opposition to its consideration. The
bill has the vast advantage of being
on 4he calendar as unfinished business,
so that it cannot easily be displaced.
It is not probable, however, that
Lodge now will attempt more with
reference to it than to give notice of
his intention to press its adoption.
Before the close of the session last
spring- Senator Hoar gave notice that
on next Tuesday he would call up the
bill providing means for the protec
tion of the President, but owing to
the death of the Senator consideration
of the bill will be, deferred for some
time. Senator Heyburn gave notice
last session that he would call up the
pure food bill next Tuesday, but while
it is generally understood that he will
press the question at all proper times,
it is believed he will not make serious
effort to proceed with it during the
first few days of the session. Another
measure which probably will be taken
up early in the session is the bill for
admission of the four southwest terri
tories as two States.
XEW COMMITTEE MEMBERS.
Nothing more than preliminary
work,' however, can be done on any of
these bills in the first week.
It is expected that the Republican
steering committee will give attention
to the order of business early in the
session with a view to general legis
lation betore the appropriation bills
begin to arrive from the House of
Representatives. Attention will be
given to filling committee vacancies
caused by the deaths of Senators Han
na, Hoar and Quav. but the disposi
tion seems to be opposed to doing more
in that direction at'present than to
parsing to Senator Platt of Connecti
cut the chairmanship of the Committee
on Judiciary, which place will - go to
him by virtue of seniority.
Monday will be characterized as
usual by the attendance of a large
number of spectators and a liberal dis
play of flowers on the desks of Sena
tors.
MIXOR IiEGISLATIOX.
Little in the way of legislative busi
ness is expected the first week of the
session of the House. The first day
will be devoted to calling the roll and
swearing in of new members who have
been elected to fill vacancies. The
usual committee will be appointed to
inform the President that Congress is
in session and the resolution notifying
the Senate that a quorum of the
House is ready for business will be
passed. Tuesday the President's mes
sage will be read, but it is not expected
that any other business will be trans
acted. . :.-.'- ■'.[■■■
There are a number of minor mat*
ters of legislation that may be con
sidered on Wednesday and on Thurs
day, as ho special order has been made
for consideration of any general meas
ure. It is possible that the legislative,
executive and judicial appropriation
bill may be reported Wednesday or
Thursday. Friday is pension day, and
there will be more than a thousand
private pension bills < ready for the
House to consider.
Early adjournments each day are ex
pected during the first week in order
to give time to shape the session busi
ness.
Morton says it is. a question that can
not by any means be regarded as set
tled adversely. Of Guam he says:
It is believed that Congress should provide a
form of government for the island without de
lay and give to its people that sense of security
in property and business affairs which can
come only from permanent laws and a form
of government in harmony with that of the
country to which the island belongs.
MTSICAIj.
WHAT DO YOU :
IHIffiOFTHIS?
We'll Sell the Balance of
These TVeber Pianos on
Time Now— Money Plenty,
IjLEIiE'S vv f H w It ¥\
WE SKCsE I
• •
Will Not Baise the Price a
Dollar Over the "All Cash
Sale" Prices of Last Week
e
Fifty dollars down and fifteen per
month, at the same desperate low
prices they were sold last week In our
"all caah sale," will take anything:
left in the Weber line, and some of
the finest, most beautiful and costly
[ Webers of the entire lot — amons
which three choice art styles, includ-
ing the beautiful "Louie 14th" — are yet
for sale; and if but a few of the many
[ Weber admirers who called last week
t during the "all cash sale." with a
view of paying part cash, and balance
en time, will call again, they may be
accommodated now on easy terms at
the same price.
Our ten days' sale of Webers at a
discount of $163 to $260 for spot cash.
! disposed of most of these elegant pi-
i anos, and brought us in practically all
I the cash we needed (in arranging for
| the new line of pianos to take the
' place of the Weber), or so nearly all.
! that the payments down required to
! close out the rest on time, will give
I us ample cash to carry out our new
j enterprise.
j Therefore, every piano from th»
Weber concern. Including the Weber.
Wheelock and Stuyvesant. will be dis-
posed of at once, without raising the
j price one dollar over the sacrifice sale
I prices at which they were offered and
! sold last week for all cash; and we
! will make the terms $50 down, and
! $15 per month, on such of the "Web-
t er" styles as cost us over S300, and
I all other styles and makes, including
t Wheelock and Stuyvesant. costing us
i less than $300. and on down to $106,
| may go on terms of $25 down, and $10
i per month — without the raise of a
• dollar over the all cash sale prices.
i No matter how fine the "Weber"
line of pianos are. as we no longer
hold the agency for them, we don't
want a single instrument of that line
on our fioor a minute longer than it
takes to sell it at what it will cost Us
to set it in the house of the buyer.
Now here is the golden opportunity
— the one opportunity of a lifetime
(and that's no josh, either) — to buy
< one of the finest high-grade pianos in
the world, without sugaring anybody'3-7-
pockets at this end of the line, and buy
it on time at that
We haven't many Webers left, but
what we have got is very fine, fresh
and new, and in the rarest of fancy
woods — mahogany, rosewood and curly
walnut— each accompanied by its fac-
tory guarantee, and shall prove a per-
! feet gem of its class, or no sale. -
Remember, we are no longer the
"Weber" agents, and to protect and
hold up their prices, when the agency
Is so soon to go into the bands of an-
other (even though a friendly com-
petitor) could not be expected; and in
our all-cash sale just closed, we cut
every dollar off the price that it was
possible to cut without actually los-
ing money, and while we cannot cut
any further, there's nothing more to
cut — we're at the bottom— but we'll
• stay there, and sacrifice the rest of thi a
fine Weber line of pianos at the same-
; price, on easy payments as above.
See what we can do for you for $267,
on terms of $25 down and $10 pe>
-month.
I This sale should last but a few days,
j certainly not longer than this week,
1 and if you think piano, think "Weber";
> think fast, act aulck. and call early.
I for there'll be something doing this
week at 126 Geary street, opposite the
City of Paris dry goods store. Open
evenings. CLAKK WISE & CO..
A. A. Fisher, Manager.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
e Steamers leave Broadway
wharves <piers 9 and 11). .
San Francisco:
For Ketchlkan. Wransel.
Juneau. Treadwell. Halnes.
Skaguay. etc. Alasxa — 11
a. m.. Dec. 1. «, 11. 18. 21.
•Jfi, 31. Jan. 3. Chance to
this company's steamers at
Seattle.
For \ Ictorla. Vancouver, Port Townsead.
Seattle. Tacoma. Everett, South Bellingham.
Bellingham — 11 a. m. Dec. 1. fc 11. 18, 21. 28,
SI. Jan. 5. Change at Seattle to this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at
Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. By.; at Vancouver
to C P. Ry.
For Eureka ttlumboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:3©
p m.. Dec. 12. IS, 24, 3O. Jan. 5. Corona.
1:30 p. m.. Dec. 3. 8. 13. 21. 27. Jan. 2.
For Los Angeles (via Port Lo« Angeles and
Redondo), San Dteffo and Santa Barbara— San-
ta Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
Fcr Los AnKeles (via San Pedro ' and Cast
Ban Pedro): Santa Barbara, Santa Cnu. Mon-
terey, fan Simeon. Cayucos. Port Uartord I3aa
Luis Obtspo). Ventura and Rueneme.
Bonlta. » a. m., Dec. 1. ft. 17. 28. Jan. 2.
Cooe Bay, » a. m., Dec. 5, 13. 21. 2», Jan. «.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata La Paz. Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Mez.). 10 a. m.. 7th each mo.
For further Information obtain folder. Right
Is reserved to change >teamen> or salllns; dates.
TXCXST OYTXCJIS— A New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel ).1O Market «..aad Broad-
way wharves. Freight OSes 1 0 Market st.
C. D. DtTXANN. General Passenger Agent
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter st.. will
call for and check baggage from hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
Oceanic S.s.co.^^ 1 ?. 1 .:
S. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Dec.10. 11 am.
& 8. VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Dec 22. 2 d m
8 8. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Dec. zVu a. ml
LESPRICXELSiBZOi Ca,Aztl,Tlcl2ICSa5aajr-
til ftSlflt CSC3 327 Haifct SL, Plzr 7. PasU; }£.
C0X7ASSIX GMSSALS r&airSATLaXTiaXi.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. m^^-
Sailing every Thursday Instead or iM'^Sfk
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier «9aRe«V
«2. North River, foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. See.
end class to Havre. Hi and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCT FOR UNITED 3TATES A.VB
CANADA. 32 Broadway. (Hudson buildm«>.
New York. J. F. rUGAZI « CO.. PactSo Coast
Agents. 9 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets »otd by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Por 17. S. Nary Yard and Vallojo.
Strs. General Frisbie, MonticeLlo and Arrow.
9:45 a.m.. 12:30 p.m.. 3:15 p.m.. 8 p.m.. S:30 p.
tn. Leave San Francisco Sundays 9:43 a.m..
12:30 p.m.. 6 p.m.. 8:3O p-m. Leave Vallejo. T
a.m., 9 a.m.. 12:30 p.m.. 3:15 p.m.. A p.m. 3aa_
' days 7 to., 9 a.m.. 3:20 p-m.. * p.m. Pier 2.
ft Mission st. : phone Main 1503. HATCH BROS.
Por XT J 8. ZTavy Tard and Vallejo.
Btmr H.' J. CORCORAN leaves norta end
Ferry bldg.. foot of Clay St.. 10 a. m.. 5:3O
j> ra. : Sundays, ID t. 0. 8 p. m. Leava
Vallejo. Aden's wharf, 7:13 a. m.. 2:a«> p.
. m-: Sundays. 7:13 a. m.. 5 p. m. Fare 23o
«ach way. P1PER. V ADEX. GOODALL CO.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEABXY ST. Established
In 1SS4 for the treatment of Prlvsto
Diseases. Lout Manbood. Debility or
disease wearing on body ami mind and
3km Diseases. The Doctor enreww hen
others fait. Try htm. Ctterges low^
Car** rssnslt**. . Call or wttte.
Dr. J. r. 6IBBO5. Saa Trsadsco, Cat.
34
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
OLDEST PROTESTANT CHURCH
CELEBRATES GOLDEN JUBILEE
Fiftieth Anniversary Observed at New Home
With Oratory and Good' Music. IS
SERVICES WILL BE CONTINUED NIGHTLY FOR A WEEK
DEDICATE NEW
HOUSE OF GOD
First Services Are Held in
Church of Christian De
nomination at Berkeley
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call.
2148 Center Street, Dec. 4.
Despite the rain, the exercises in
connection with the dedication of the
First Christian Church this afternoon
were witnessed by a throng that
crowded the handsome edifice to over
flowing. Prominent ministers of the
denomination from distant points were
in attendance, participating in the
ceremonies. President Benjamin Ide
Wheeler of the State University deliv
ered the principal address. Ministers
of other churches in Berkeley occupied
seats in the pulpit during the services
and took part in the exercises.
The Christian Church building is at
Dana street and Bancroft way, and is
deemed one of the handsomest in
Berkeley. It is of classic design, in
harmony with the style of architecture
adopted by the trustees of the Bible
seminary, which is to adjoin the church
later- Its spacious hall hardly sufficed
to house the throng which gathered
this morning to take part in the open
ing service under the direction of the
Rev. E. W. Darst.
A large choir provided special music
during the day's services. Mrs. A. M.
Klston rendered a solo in the morning.
Professor Clinton Morse In the after
noon and Mrs. C. A. Meek in the even
ing. Pastor Darst was assisted in the
pulpit in the morning by the Rev. W-
B. Berry, editor of the Pacific Chris
tian, and by the Rev. J. H. McCol
lough of Irvington. The sermon was
delivered by the Rev. A. C. Smither of
Los Angeles.
Dean Hiram Van Kirk of the Bible
Seminary presided at the dedicatory
exercises in the afternoon. The invo
cation at this service was delivered by
the Rev. Edward L. Parsons of the
Episcopal church, the Scripture read
ing by the Rev. A. S. Coates of the
Baptist church, prayer by the Rev.
W. H. Hopkins of the Congregational
church, the address by President
Wheeler, and the benediction by the
Rev. C. K. Jenness of Trinity Metho
dist Church. Panors of several
churches in cities about the bay took
part in the evening service.
BIASKED ROBBERS HOLD
UP A PEDESTRIAN*
Armrd Footpads Stop Percy Ijec and
Relieve ITheir YlcUm of His
5Ioney on Street.
OAKLAND, Dec. 4. — Two masked
footpad?, armed with pistols, held up
Percy Lee of 1613 Magnolia street
while he was crossing at Twenty-sec
ond and Adeline streets at 1 o'clock
this morning. Lee told the police he
Tv-as robbed of Su.
According to Lee's story, the
masked men stepped in front of him,
aiming: pistols at his head and order
ing him to thr*o-R- up his hand*. Lee
lost no time in obeying the command.
One of his assailants kept a revolver
pointed at Lee's head while the other
man rifled the victim's pockets. After
they had t<kken all of Lee's money,
the pair directed him to hurry along
and to make no' disturbance under
penalty of being shot. Lee reported
the hold-up after he : was safely out
of reach of the footpads. He could
not give anything more than a gen
eral description of the men.
Child Hums to DeatJi.
. BERKELEY, Dec. 4.— O. G. May
last night received a telegram inform
ing , him .that, his young : grandson,
Frederick W. Watt, had been burned
to death at Placervllle. No particu
lars of the tragredy were conveyed to
Mr. May in the message sent to him.
Frederick was the 16-months-old son
of Dr. and Mrs. Watt of Placerville.
The body of the boy will be brought
here for interment-
BALTIMORE, Dec. 4. — A large. and enthu
ei&stir meeting of the Irish League was held
hers to-nlcbt for tbe purpose of raisin? funds
for the. cause of Irish Home Rule. Cardinal
<>ibbens v.iis kit, ore the distlneuishtd guests.
About P0C6 wu vontributed. "
GRADUATION CLASS AT THE I
SUNDAY-SCHOOL. OF FIRST BAP- .
TIST CHURCH. OAKLAND. J
OAKLAND, Dec. 4.— The celebration
of the golden jubilee anniversary of the
organization of the First Baptist
Church, the oldest Protestant church
in Oakland, began to-day at the new
"home of the congregation on Twenty
first street and Telegraph avenue, and
will continue until Sunday evening,
December 11. The celebration began
with a morning service at the church.
This service was opened with the sing
ing of Stainer's famous cantata, "The
Crucifixion," by a chorus choir of fifty
voices under the direction of Percy A.
R. Dow. The solo parts were rendered
by Scott Kent and Norman. Pendleton,
tenors, and Reginald Marrack and
Walter Burckhalter, barytones.
At the conclusion of the cantata the
pastor, the Re\). Homer J. Vosburgh,
addressed the congregation, telling of
the growth and work of the First Bap
tist Church since Its establishment in
1&34, when the congregation met for
worship in a small building at Fifth
and Jefferson streets. The pastor told
of the early struggle to keep up the
church, and spoke in glowing terms of
the organizers, only one of whom has
survived to witness the golden jubilee
celebration. This is Mrs. Mary Potter,
who is still a member of the church.
Ctfmmunion service and a reunion of
the "members followed the pastor's ad
dress, and immediately afterward one
of the prettiest features of the jubilee
celebration took place. This was the
graduation of a class from the primary,
department of the Sunday-school. The
exercises *were in charge of Mrs. John
G. Iloyt, superintendent of the primary
department, assisted by j Mrs. H. L.
Kemp, teacher of the boys* class, and
Miss Jennie Egli, teacher of the girls'
class. The exercises were held In the
large Sunday-school room, and included
short speeches by each of the gradu
ates, music, addresses by Mrs. Hoyt
and John M. Davis, superintendent of
the Sunday-school, and a short talk by
the pastor of the church. The exercises
concluded with the presentation of
diplomas to the graduates. .
The member* of the graduating class
are Chester Morton Freeman, Walter
1 l>ouis Woerner, Elmer Harvey Morrill.
George Bernard Adams, Margaret Fay
Downs, Anna. MacLafferty, Evelyn
Hope Vosbifrgh, .Irraa Viona Clark and
Marion Corinne Tambs.
The evening: service opened at 6:15
o'clock with a young people's rally,
conducted by Henry \V. Davis, director
of religious work at the Young Men's
Christian Associatipn of San Francisco.
The rally was followed at 7:30 by the
regular service, which was opened with
special music by the augmented choir.
! The features of the evening were ad
j dresses by President Benjamin Ide
i Wheeler of the University of California,
who discussed "The Church in Modern
Society," and Frank J. Symmes, presi
dent of the Merchants* Association of
San Francisco, who spoke on »"The
Church and the Higher Life of the
Community."
The Men's League of the church will
hold a banquet to-morrow ' evening at
C:SO o'clock In the parlors of the church.
The principal address will be delivered
by David Starr Jordan, president of
Stanford University. Other events have
been arranged for each evening during
the coming week.
GIVE PRIZE MASQUERADE BALL.— Th*
fourteenth anniversary of the Chevra Shaare
Jlcfooah was celebrated la«t . night at Lyric
Hall, 121 Eddy street, by a prize masquerade
bail. Besides' the masquerade there were mu
sical selections by the STerzbaeh end Kamler
band and special fancy dancing.
It Isn't a difficult matter to bring
a bald-headed man to the scratch.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, .MONDAY, DECEMBER 5. 1904:
POET'S SISTER
TO WED A STAR
Announcement of Engage
ment of Stephen French,
Actor, and Miss M. Sterling
* .OAcKtiAND, Dec. 4. — The engagement
of Miss Marion D. Sterling, the daugh
ter of Mrs. Mary H. Sterling and a sis
ter of George Sterling, the well-known
writer and poet of this city, and Ste
phen French, a widely known star of
the theatrical profession, has just been
announced. While no date has yet been
set for the wedding, it Is expected that
it will be about the middle of the com
ing year. The engagement was unex
pected save to the family only.
Mr. French, who last season was
leading man with Mrs. Langtry, first
met the young lady who is to be his.
wife more than a year ago. Several
months ago they became engaged, but
owing to uncertainty as to the date of
the wedding the engagement was not
made public at that time. Mr. French
came to Oakland two weeks ago a's the
guest of Frank C. Havens, uncle of
Miss Sterling, and as he intended to
spend the winter in this city arrange
ments were at once begun for an early
wedding. Mr. French secured a mar
riage license last Friday, and It was
intended that the ceremony should take
place during the coming week. At the
last moment unforeseen business mat
ters have interfered with* the arrange
ments, causing a postponement of the
wedding. He expects that if will be
necessary for him to leave Oakland
within a few days, and rather than
hurry away immediately after his mar
riage he decided to postpone the event.
When seen this evening at the Sterling
home at Piedmont Mr. French said:
"When I secured the marriage license
on Friday I. intended to be married
within a week, but business matters
which I did not foresee have made it
necessary for 'me to leave Oakland at
onceV and Miss Sterling and myself have
decided to, postpone the wedding until
my return. Just when that will be I do
not know definitely, but I think that
the wedding will take place during the
coming summer."
SERVICES ARE HEI7D
7- > OVER Z. T. GIJLPIN
Many Friends Present at the Funeral
. * . of the Former City Treas
urer of Oakland.:
OAKLAND, Dec. 4.— The funeral of
Zachary T. .Gilpin, former City Treas
urer of Oakland, who died at Colfax
from pulmonary trouble, was held
this morning at 11 o'clock from the
residence of-B. W. Owen, his brother
in-law, 1978 -Webster street: Many
friends of the late official attended the
services, which were conducted by the
Rev. JY K. McLean, president > of the
Pacific 'Theological Seminary; of Ber
keley. ': '..--•
Music was rendered by the Masonic
quartet, under the direction of Al
fred Wilkie. The pallbearers were
Dr. L.fS. Burchard, J. W. McCly
monds,. Charles S." Cole. George'Cum
mings, David E. . Bortree and Fred I*
Button. The remains were inciner
ated at the Oakland Crematory. " ;
SISTERS OP MERCY AVTLL
* OBSERVE GOLDEX JUBILEE
Ceremonies to lie ; Marked ■ by Impres
sive Religious Services in Church •
and CliapeL -
The Sisters of : Mercy will celebrate
their golden jubilee on Thursday.
These -faithful women, who havegiven
their lives to labor in the cause 1 of re
legion and to aid the poor, -have
planned to celebrate.the*fiftieth:anni
versary of the "founding, of the 'order
in this city with solemn -devotions -at
St., Mary's Cathedral; and at- their
chapel In St.. Mary's Hospital.
The celebration t will J open In"; the
morning at 10 o'clock with a" pontifical
high mass. This will be followed by a
reception ; at St. ■ Mary's i Hospital s and
the L ceremonies < will close with ? solemn
benediction : at the ' chapel of • the ,' same
place. /All ; the ; prominent "members i of
the, clergy and sisters 'from various Tor
ders will take part in the celebration:
STAR BOARDER
TAKES POISON
Resents Insinuations That
He Might Have Been -the
Cause of a Domestic Tangle
WEBSTERS EN T UPKOAE
Wife's Blocked Attempt at
Suicide Is Followed by a
Scene With the Lodger
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Dec. 4.
Jealousy, pistoling and poison, two
attempts at self-destruction and the ac
cidental shooting of one of a trio of
participants in a domestic drama are
the incidents which kept the residence
'of P. K. Webster, 3840 Telegraph ave
nue, in a turmoil through last night.
Adam Baker, a painter, 24 years old,
added the third chapter to the book of
disturbance by drinking a 'large quan
tity of laudanum at the residence at 2
o'clock this morning, after 'he had be
come impressed with an idea that he
was the cause of the earlier quarrel be
tween Webster and his wife.
Baker selected the front porch of the
house as a setting for his attempt to
get off the earth. The husband had re
turned from the Receiving: Hospital,
where his superficial wound had been
treated. Mrs.' Webster was at home,
taking the rest cure after the exciting
episode, when she had threatened to
kill herself and had shot her husband.
The Websters had been haranguing
each other, making charges and counter
charges. Baker, a boarder at the house
for six weeks, learned that his name
was being passed around during the
discussion.
"If I am the cause of this I'll end It
all," he avowed, rushing to the front
porch and quaffing two stiff gulps from
a large bottle. Baker tried to drink it
all, but was prevented by Webster, who
knocked the bottle from his hands. But
Baker recovered the vial and soon aft
erward emptied it down his throat. lie
took enough to kill an elephant, and
that 'is what saved his life. He ■ was
treated at" the Receiving Hospital.
Baker is a son of the late Special Po
liceman Baker of Oakland. The young
man, according to his somewhat inco
herent story, had trouble with relatives
at San Jose and came to this city. He
stopped at the Websters' place and was
much concerned about the domestic dif
ficulties that led Webster a month ago
to leave his wife. Last night the hus
band returned to make arrangements
to place his two children In an institu
tion. He upbraided Mrs. Webster, and
while the talk was heated she grabbed
a small pistol, declaring she would
shoot herself. While Webster struggled
with the N woman a cartridge was ex
ploded, the bullet causing a slight flesh
wound in Webster's leg.
Webster and his wife were Inter
viewed by: the. police, but the husband
refused to msi^e any \ charge against
her. They returned home together, only
to take part in* another scene a few
hours later. During the \evening the
couple talked about Baker. "You know
that you have no. rlghft to talk about
him," declared Mrs. Webster at the Re
ceiving Hospital. "He is the best friend
you've got."
JACOB RIIS
TO LECTURE AT
HEARST HALL
BERKELEY, Dee. 4. — Anouncement has been
mad© that Jacob Riis of New York, whom
President Itooscvelt once spoke of aa Gotham's
"most useful citizen," Is to deliver a lecture
for th» benefit of the West Berkeley College
Settlement, at Hearst Hall, on December 21.
His subject in to be "Tony's Hardships."
Graduate Manager Ezra Decoto has been au
thorized by the executive committee of the As
sociated Students to have the old football field
given a covering of turf. This is expected to
beautify and almost transform the historic
spot. There will ba.2."0 loads of sandy loam
placed on the fleld, on which Australian* rye
Crass will be sown. •
The attention of President Wheeler has been
called to the practice of crusoe playing in
dulged in by students at the steps of North
Hall, and it is expected that orders will be is
sued soon forbHding the so-called gambling
game. •
The programme of music in the Greek Thea
ter this afternoon was rendered by Alfred El
kus at the piano, his selections being as fol
lows:
Grieg
' Prelude (from Holbergr Suite).
Cradle Sons (after Heine). '
She Dances (after Heine).
Minuet (from Sonata).
Griegi!.. .. .'. Peer Gynt Suite
. fa) Morning Song.
(b) Ase's Death.
(c) Anitra's Dance.
(d) In the Halla of the Mountain King:.
■ Professor II. Mors« Stephens is to deliver a
lecture before the San Francisco University
Extension Center,in the art gallery of the Me
chanics" Institute on December 5. His subject
will be "The First Wars of the Empire—
1305-07." It Is his first lecture on the Napo
leonic period in Europe.
Captain J. T. Nance, military Instructor, has
announced that Monday, 'December 17, will be
the last drill duy of the term. He has ordered
the new Infantry regulations from "WasHington.
but they, have not yet arrived. These refla
tions involve many radical changes, such as
movements by squad formations Instead of
fours, as la now done. -
Plans are being considered by the freshmen
debating class for a Joint debate ■with the
freshmen of Stanford. The society's banquet Is.
to take place on /Wednesday. January 25. at
Stiles Hall. PreMrt*nt A. F. White has the ar
rangements In charge.
The Intercollegiate debating committee has
officially decided not to hold a debate this
year -with the University of Washington, as
was proposed by ihe latter some time ago.
The reasons for the d-clslon are that the ear
not • and Intercollegiate » debate with Stanford
come so close together that there will be no
time for debaters to prepare for a third con
test, and as tho best men would be needed
against Washington It Is Impossible to arrange
the affair with the northern Institution.
Manager Decoto of the varsity football team
has Informed the , Sherman Indian team that
unlfisa they are willing to have the second
eleven sent down from here Christmas day no
game can be played In Loa Angeles. . The var
sity team la disorganized and in poor condition.
The Indiana have : not yet replied to Decoto' a
proposals
■ A heavy fine,, amounting to $1 a day, for
overdue books from the library is to be charged
delinquents during the examination days.- For
two years the restriction has been enforced and
has worked admirably.'- '-■',"■
The short course FtuBents In the agricultural
coll«>Ke spent ■ yesterday Inspecting/ the Prince
stock ranch at Stockton, under the direction of
Professor. Major. " . ■< . '" i">
Library. Books Damaged.
BERKELEY, /Dec. 4:— By the : ex
plosion of an alcohol lamp in the
home of Arthur Allen, at 2816 Grove
street, damage to the amount of $100
was done. Allen is a. newspaper, re
porter for the ; San Francisco v Chron
icle.v The fire which damaged : his
household goods : occurred in, the, li
brary of his home.;; His ; books [ and
carpets were the principal articles in
jured.": ■- . *s ... , f .. ■..■■-'.. .■'.."■ v \--
;- NEW, -YORK. > Deer 4.— G«orre Ade, the play
wright,- who has been 111 at th« Holland-House
for i several ; flays,", was ■ much Improved ■ to-day
and , expects '■, to be out . to-morrow.
PISTOL DUEL
ROUSES HOTEL
Clerk Murray of the Metro
pole Says He Was Shot by
a Burglar in the: Dark
FIRES BACK IN VAIN
Special Policeman Joins* the
Young Man, but Search
i Fails to Eeveal Intruder
OAKLAND, Dec. 4.— Barnes Murray,
19 years' old,, night clerk at the Hotel
Metropole, . Thirteenth and Jefferson
streets, was shot through the left arm
this morning shortly after 3 o'clock
while engaged In a pistol duel at the
hotel with what he supposed was a
burglar. Special Policeman William
SpragTie also took a hand in the shoot-
Ing, but beyond the. wound that Mur
ray received and the plugging with
.bullets -of , the residence of DrV M.
Muehlenbruch, 614 Thirteenth street,
no harm was done. Murray is as posi
tive that he was shot by a burglar as
the detectives are that in the excite
ment the young man accidentally
wounded himself. . >
The shooting occurred In an area at
the west Bide of the hotel and nine or
ten shots were fired before the clerk
and Sprague were through with the
engagement.^ Dr. Muehlenbruch,. who
was aroused, by the- fusillade, narrowly
escaped being hit himself. He threw
open a window overlooking the, court
yard and yelled for information.
"Ping!" a bullet crashed through the
side of the house, followed by two
more. 'The doctor's curiosity was then
satisfied.
A few minutes before the battle in
the darkness occurred Murray and
Sprague were in the hotel dining-room
eating a light lunch. The elerk heard
what he supposed was one of the
guests entering by a side door that
opens off an entrance from the court
on the west side of the hotel. Mur
ray went out to see what had caused
the disturbance and was surprised to
find the door wide open- He stepped
into the covered entrance way leading
to a stairway into the yard, when a
flash of flame and a report staggered
him. He felt a spasm of pain in his
left arm and a numbness.
With that Murray drew his pistol
and commenced firing toward a pile of
boxes in the yard, behind which he
supposed his assailant was entrenched.
Murray fired five shots, emptying his
pistol. He could not handle the
v/eapon to reload it until he had opened
the barrel catch with his teeth. Four
more cartridges were inserted. Mur
ray shot twice more and was re-en
forced by Sprague. Sprague could not
see anyone, but he fired two bullets.
Policemen hurried to the hotel in
response to calls and made a search
of the vicinity, but without success.
Murray was Insistent that hey had been
shot at and that the man who flred
was. so close that his coat sleeve was
burned where the bullet entered his
arm. ". The missile passed ' through the
upper part of the arm, inflicting a
painful, but not dangerous, wound.
Murray went to St. John's Hospital,
Thirteenth and • Grove streets, for
treatment.
Detectives Kyte and Qulgley investi
gated to-day and reported that Mur
ray must have shot himself. They
found a bullet imbedded in the side of
the hallway where Murray stood that
is of the same caliber as the cart
ridges in the clerk's pistol.
Murray explained as follows:
As soon as I stepped into the hall I was shot.
I am sure of It, and I did not commence to fire
until I felt the wound in my arm. The detect
ives think I shit myself. But I am positive I
was shot by a burglar, or by some one who
was trying to set into the hotel.
Sprague told the detectives that the
clerk had been wounded before he got
to the door. The special policeman Is
positive he did not shoot Murray be
cause his pistol does not carry the
same size cartridges as that which
wounded the clerk. Murray came to
Oakland six months ago from London,
Ontario. He has been employed at
the hotel for three months.
ENGINEERS TO LEAVE
ON INSPECTING TOUR
Two That Will Report on Bay Cities
Water Company Project
Lose No Time.
OAKLAND, Dec. 4.— City Engineer
F. C. Turner, A. M. Ifunt and J. M.
Howells, composing the board of en
gineers that will pass upon the propo
sition of the "Bay Cities Water Com
pany to furnish Oakland with a muni
cipal supply of water, will leave to
morrow morning on their tour of in
spection of the company's water sheds.
The engineers will go by way of Smith
Creek and Mount Hamilton from San
Jose, will explore the country, coming
out by way of the Arroya Valley and
Livermore.
They expect to spend about three
days among the water-sheds and after
their return compare the data they
collect with the statements made by
the company's engineers. The report
to the City Council, Engineer Turner
expects, will be, ready in two weeks.
.Until the report is filed with the Coun
cil information as to the results of
the inspection will be withheld.
DECLARE 31 AX AND BOY
KILL. CATS WITH DOG
Police Called in to make Arrests on
Charges of Engaging in
Cruel Sport.
OAKLAND, Dec. 4. — Penning two
live cats in a back-yard at Seventh
and Linden streets and allowing a dog
to tear them | to death ,was the charge
registered against Henry Rubino, 25
years old, and Salvador , Rubino, 14
years old, his . nephew, to-day, when
neighbors of the pair caused their ar
rest by Policeman ; Scanlan.
The Rubinos had turned a dog loose
upon the cats and were enjoying the
slaughter to their hearts* content, 'ac
cording to -several persons who saw
the -.unequal struggle ;• from : windows
overlooking the Rubino premises. ' It
aroused the indignation of the on
lookers to such a pitch that they sent
for the. police. Patrolman Scanlan
investigated and arrested the uncle
and the nephew/charging them 4 with
cruelty to animals. '.".•
Pay Fraternal Tribute.
OAKLAND. Dec. 4.— The funeral of
TV. B. \Ingersbll, a pioneer photog
rapher of this city, was conducted this
afternoon from Masonic Temple under
direction of Oakland Lodge No. 188, F.
and? A.* M.V" Members ; of the Odd Fel
lows', Encampment and the; Ancient
Order of United- Workmen '.also >at
tended-the services.. The, body was
incinerated at Oakland Crematory.
HONOR IS PAID
THE DEPARTED
Memorial Day Celebrated
by the Brothers of Oak
land Lodge of the Elks
UNUSUAL v MUSIC GIVEN
Two Minister Members of
the Order Aid in the
Programme of the Event
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Dec. 4.
Oakland Lodge No. 171, of Elks held
Its annual memorial services for de
parted brothers at the First Congre
gational Church this afternoon. Many
Elks from other cities were present, in
cluding the Rev. Charles L. Mlel of
Sacramento, who delivered the eulogy
for the departed.
The great church was filled with
members of the lodge and their friend3.
The lodge members gathered in the
Sunday-school room of the church, then
filed into the main auditorium and oc
cupied reserved seats. Every Elk wore
a little bunch of violets in his coat, pur
ple being the color of the order and the
mourning color as well.
.The music was a special feature of
the exercises and was under the direc
tion of Alexander T. Stewart, aided by
! Miss Virginie de Fremery as organist of
the great church organ, one of the finest
in the State, together with the full
choir of the church and soloists in the
persons of Mrs. Grace Davis Northrup,
Mrs. Carroll Nicholson,' Arthur Macur
da, Henry L. Perry and Thomas Va
lerga. James M. Shanley, exalted ruler
of the lodge, conducted the ceremonies.
Rev. William Carson Shaw, chaplain
of the lodge, delivered the opening
prayer and the closing benediction. The
original programme of the day was car
ried out owing to the unexpected recov
ery of the Rev. Charles L. Mlel of Sac
ramento, who had promised to deliver
the eulogy for the dead. Some days ago
Mr. Miel was announced to be too sick
to come to Oakland, and George W.
Frick, esteemed loyal knight of the
lodge, was substituted. Two eulogies
were delivered.
Fletcher A. Cutler of San Francisco
was the orator. He spoke first of the
beauties of real fraternity, and asserted
It as his belief that true fraternal bo
cieties such as the Elks were doing
much to bring humanity together and
to promote brotherly love and peace
with mankind. He told of the beauty of
the memorial day of the Elks and of
the exemplification of the motto of
charity by the Christmas dinner given
annually by Oakland Lodge.
Rev. Charles L. Mlel spoke of car
dinal principles of the order— brotherly
love, justice, charity and fidelity— and
how by spreading these good was don©
to the world. ".* 7'.
George W. Frick spoke more particu
larly of the dead of Oakland Lodge, all
of whom he had known Intimately, and
his graceful sentiments were app're^
elated by all.- • -
The departed brothers are:
J. C. Fry, May 31, 1891; W. W. Moore.
February 11. 1S94; J. W. Hood. May 21. ls»t;
T. H. IX>wney, June 8. ISM; F. II. Meyers.
July 6. 1S&4; J. Vance. October 22. 1S05; H. D.
Schroeder, December 13, 1S05; E. H. Campbell,
February 16. 1S96; O. W. Watson. April 1.
1897- F. P. Thwaites, June IS. 1«'JS: E. Riehl.
October 15. 1SO!>; Y.\ D. Heudrickson. January
25 1000- C. S. Durgln. October 9. 11K)O; C. E.
Ja'cox, February 25. 1901; C. McCleverty. June
14, 1H01; H. N. Sloper, July 14. 1301: F. Each.
September 18, 1901;. W. C. Little, January 1*.
19C2- E. B. Jerome, January 14. 1002: S. B.
Boyce. March 2S, 1P02; J. W. Longford, April
20 1002- II. A. Tubbs, Jun<y 1«. 1JKC: J. S.
Itowan. g«pteniber 6. 1002; W. W. 'Watleinson.
November 4. 1902; C. A. Sessions. December 20.
1!)C2- F. O Peterson. January 14. l«03; H. O.
Spur'seon,' March 4. 10CU1: E. Remlllard. March
10 1B03- L. C. Beem. March 2t>, 10C>; J. M.
Hanford' Jr.. April 10. lOOa-. T. J. Manning.
July 20. 100?! : V. "W. Jacobs. Aujrust 1. 1003;
T J I>uff. September 27. 1003s A. W. Jones.
February 28 19<H: Q- P. Morrow, Februaj-y
2S I WO? F.'P. McFeely, September 27 19O4;
A" J. Dean. October 2fl. 1004; I* F. Hickey,
November 7. 13OI; A. C. I>l«t« »ToveTOto*r XO.
l'JOl- H. Mellmann. November 21, 19W. Hu D o
Fugel, November 30. 1904.
IX' MEMORY OP THE DEAD.
Beautiful Services Are Held by Elks
of San Jose.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 4.— The annual
lodge of sorrow of the San Jose Elks
was held In Victory Theater this after
noon and was largely attended by
lodge members and their friends. The
decorations were elaborate and in the
form of a church, showing the clock
in the steeple and windows and front
A3 the roll was called the portrait of
the dead appeared in the face of the
clock and the name on the window.
The services were impressive and
beautiful. Exalted Ruler Elmer E.
Chase opened the services. The in
vocation was delivered by Rev. D. M.
Crabtree of Redwood City. Fred L.
Thomas delivered the eulogy,' and
George E. de Golia of Oakland the
oration.
TOUCHING SERVICES.
Annual Lodge of Sorrow Held By
Sacramento Elks.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 4. — Sacra
mento Lodge No. 328. Benevolent and
Protective Order of Elks, held Its an
nual lodge of sorrow at the Congre
gational Church this afternoon. The
oration was delivered by Judge M. T.
Dooling of Salinas Lodpe. and Judge
E. C. Hart of Sacramento Lodge de
livered the eulogy. The church Was
crowded and* the services were very
impressive. A striking feature of the
services was the singing of the Elks'
double quartet, composed of M. J.
Desmond, J. A. Owens, F. C. Schuler,
J. G. Berger, V. S. McClatchy, H. E.
Crabbe, C. M. Phinney and J. M. An
derson.
«
TWO MEMBERS MISSING.
Vallejo Elks. Hold 'Their First IiOdgo
of Sorrow.
VAIXEJO; Dec. 4. — Vallejo Lodge
of Elks held its first lodge of sorrow
in Its three years of existence to-day.
Two members, of .the lodge, Thomas
U. Robinson and J. Chester Shade,
passed away during the last year, and
in their memory the services were
held.
, The services,, "which -were most Im
pressive, were presided over by Ex
alted Ruler W. T. O'Donnell. Superior
Judge Frank J." Murasky of San
Francisco delivered the oration and
W. S. Killingsworth of Vacaville the
eulogy. Appropriate selections were
rendered by the Elks' quartet.
. • ' ■
ABSENT OXES EULOGIZED.
Elks of Santa ; Rosa Remember Their
Departed* Brothers.
SANTA ' ROSA" Dec. 4._I-The annual
memorial < services of Santa Rosa
Lodge of Elks were held this - after-
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAJUEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
'016 Broadway.
Telephone Main 10S3.
BERKEUEY.
214S Center Street.
"Telephone North 77.
ALAMEDA-
1435 Park Street. I j
Telephone Al uueda 553.
REAL. ESTATE TRANSACTION'S.
Alameila County.
SATURDAY, DECEMBER 8.
F. J. and Dell C. Woodward (wife) to Mary
C. McDonald (wife of William), lots 20. Mi
20, 30 and SX block ii. University i'aiW. near
university, quitclaim deed Oakland; $3.
Adaline 3. or Adeline or Adeline S. Shanklin
(widow) to J. H. w. Rlley. lot on W line o;
Madison street. 90 N of Tenth. * 29 by W
loo. block 109. Kellersberser"* map. Oakland;
U0.
Martha E. and John J. Coh«n to William
Doversaux. lot on N Una of Alcatraa avenu?.
420 W of Shattuck avenue. tV 40 by N 1-V,
Oakland; |UX . ■
Frank M. Wilson to Almerlo Cot head, lot
8 and W one- hair of lot 11. block 19. Daley' a
Scenic Park. 75 on Rldga road by UU. deed
and agreement. Berkeley; $10-
Bam« to Robert S. FTlck. lot be*lnnln* at
SE corner of lot 12. block 19. thenc* N along
E line of lot 12 and prolongation tnereof ti>
L« Conte avenue, K to Bonta avenue. S alons
earns to an Intersection with an K. extension
of S Una of lots 14 and Id. W to beginning,
lot hereby conveyed includes lota 14 and lrt.
block 19, Daley's Scenic Park, and all land
botwten said lots and Lo Conte and Do::: ■
avenues, as lines of said avenues now exists
conveyance la a quitclaim so far as sam* may
convey any part of streets or avenues on said
map, first party reserves right to divert water
from stream, etc., deed and agreement, Berket
ley; f 10.
Lucy Beeb* Butters and Kinry A. Butters
(husband) to Thomas P. and Herman R. L«uf
fer (both single), lot on N line of Delawara
street, 280 B of Grant. E 40 by N 133:4^. t»or
tlon lot 8, block 4. State University Homestead
Association etc. No. 4, Berkeley: $10.
B. Kelsey (trustee) to Benjamin F. and
El!2a A. Sargent, lots 31 and S3, block B. may
resubdlvision block 5, Antlsell Tract, quii
elaim de«d. Berkeley; $i.
Tho Realty Syndtcat* to Mart* A. Marsh
(wife of Franklin P.), lot 16 and B 80 feet of
lot IT. block 15. McGee Tract, portion Plat
67. eta. Berkeley: $10. •
Elizabeth H. and Julius A. Rename! (nus
band) to Charles A. Hooper, lot on E Ha» of
Hawthorne street, 273:2 S of San Antonio ave
nue, S 100 by E 108, portion of lot 4, lands cf
Teutonia Park and Homestead Association.
Alametla: $2500.
San Francisco and Fresno Land Company
(corporation) to Joseph R. Gomez, lot on w
line of Union street. 223:6 N of Twenty-sixth,
N 30 by W 115. block S-649, Oakland: $500.
John and Margaret Murray to Gulseppe Ta
ch*lla and Emanule Morando, lot on U lln«
of Thirteenth street. 2^0.45 B of Center. .B 25
by N 104:5. lot 27. block 579. man Baseball
Grounds. Fourteenth and Center streets. Oak
land: $10.
Ch E. (or Charles E.) and Anna J. A. Hopa
to Charles J. McManus (sinele>. lot on N Una
of Nineteenth street. 146 B of Castro, E 27 by
N 103:J>, Oakland: $10.
Albert M\ and Martha A. "Wappta to W. W.
Walnisley. lot 13. Hawley tract. Oakland: $!'"».
W. W. Walmsley (single) to Albert M.
WapFle. lot on S line of Woolsey street. 423 2:5
W of Deakin. SE 135. 453. W 41.57. NW 133.455,
E 41.57 lot 13 Hawley tract. Oakland: $10.
Johanna Ernst (widow) to John J. Ormsby.
lot on SE corner of Santa Clara avenue and
(slnca wMenin* 10 feet on S side) Willow
street. E 60 by S 137:6. portion of lot IS. block
21, lands adjacent to Fnclnal, Alameda: $10.
CAUSES ROW IN SALOON BY
INTRODUCING LOADED DICE
I;. E. Moscly 13 Arrested and Charged
-With Assault With a Deadly
WeajXMi.
L. E. Mosely. colored, was arrest
ed last night on a charge of assault
with a deadly weapon. He went into
a saloon at Laguna and Hayes street3
yesterday afternoon and began shak
ing dice with a crowd. Luck went
his way for a time, and he won every
thing in sight. The crowd got suspi
cious that something was wrong, and
some one threw out a pointer that
Mosely was shaking with loaded dice.
Mosely now was about $30 ahead of
the game. Some of the company ran
to the front door of the saloon and
locked it, demanding that Mosely
hand back his winnings. Mosely drew
his gun and threatened to shoot any
body who tried to interfere with hi*
leaving the saloon. The crowd scat
tered in all directions, and Mose!y
burst open the door and dashed down
the street. A noisy crowd followe '
him for six blocks, and he was finally
captured. After he was landed In Jail,
G. W. Frazier preferred the charge
against him. Later in the day he was
released on bail.
Death of Mrs. Roberts.
Mrs. Florfa. D. Roberts, wife of John,
II. Roberts, assistant adjutant general
of the G. A. R., Department of Cali
fornia and Nevada, died in this city
yesterday. A daughter, Mrs. Eugene
Lick, and two sisters, Mrs. P. B. Corn
wall and Mrs. W. P. Harrison, sur
vive her. The funeral services will
be held to-morrow. The interment
v/ill be private. . t
noon. John A. Barham delivered -the
oration and Vernon Goodwin deliv
ered a touching eulogy on the de
ceased members of the lodge. Mrs.
Joseph P. Berry played Beethoven's
funeral march and Paul D. Clary and
a quartet consisting of Mrs. Virgil
Hoffer. Mrs. D. R. Gale, Frank C. Glf
fen and Lloyd Her.drix; rendered ap
propriate vocal music. Walter F.
Price, exalted ruler of tha lodge, pre-
NAPA LODGE OF ELKS.
Impressive Memorial Services Held in
Presbyterian Church.
NAPA, Dec. 4. — Xapa Lodge of
Elks held its annual memorial serv
ices to-night in the Presbyterian
Church. Exalted Ruler Raymond
Benjamin conducted the services.
Rev. E. H. King offered an appro
priate prayer and the oration was de
livered by Judge C. X. Post of Sacra
mento Lodge. Judge Post spoke elo
quently of the principles of the order
and the excellent work the Elks have
done in fostering charity and relieving
distress.
AD V^EItTlS EMENTS.
Cures ?
Sore Throa|
A Harmless Antiseptic.
Endorsed by the medical profession.
Send ten cents to pay postage on
f reo trial bottle. Sold by Lead-
ing Druggists. Not genuine unless
label bears my signature :
jr\ , ■ - .
61 0 Prince Su. N. Y.
Write for free booklet on Rational Treat-
ment of Disease. .SHIP OF MANY NAMES
IS NOW DUE IN PORT
Steamer M. F. Plant Will Gc
Into Coasting Trade.
Th- steamship M. F. Plant, which Is
to run in the eo&stiasr trade between
Fjiti Francisco axid Coos Bar. "^as fully
cue yesterday, bat failed to put la an
appearance. Few vessels have sailed
under so many di~erent names. When j
fc-uilz in IS 79 she -was called the Cocoa.
Soon a^ter this her name was changed ;
to the Argmauta. Later on she was re- !
christened the Cuba. Notr she rejoices j
la the masculine title 11. F. Plant. How J
T-aT,y more names sha •will have before !
her existence ccr^es to aa end Is a j
matter cf conjecture.
The steamer Is now owned by Oood
•H. Perkins & Co. On arrival here she
-WAI be iccked and pet Into condition
fcr the northern ccast trade. She will
take the place of the steamer Arcata,
now ronninx befsreen here and Coos
Bay- The Plant was spoken in the
South. Atlantic on Xorember 6.
Big Freight Carrier Dne.
Tbe *te*=aii5 llisyjeaeta. tie Iars«st reesel
t».» » T « r -; j-t«i tie waters cl the Pacifln. la
exsected »ooq !a tb!» port. St« left CJorocei
cl XowtNt 2»- Si« ta a. peat rrelctt car
rier,, beuyt aila ta »«-w t»u la tier eaor
buu bold 1S.000 teas of cerct*a<s:«o. Sh« U
to rsa to the Orteat la cocsactiaa with tae
Gre«.t Northers P.ailw*T Coaipcsy. She wtU
tx? a. cr»a.t acqulsiaon to th» fiaet already ea-
Cuffed ts trade in tieae ••raterm.
Activity in War Risks.
T£«r» has beea an tacrea»e <* sctintT la
war r-*ka witfcia * few dajs. Thl» la occ*.
ccsed br tcbmIs wh£c& oalXl from tb!s port
<! T irirr tli« »a«t tinse weeks beiss due In t&»
OrlenL «Ad at w*iere scxna of tie war
vesaela oT tie Ealtic 5«t ar» also now fia«.
Finder Bitten Off-
John H. llcCormiek can* ta tt» Harbor
p^>rg»rry Hcipital «-t 4/1 earlr hour ywtar
dajr =.orzis* wlii ere of th« Cnjers of hi»
Wet ha-2 rcne. Ha saiil h« inui walkta* on
l£a_-ic»t »tre«t. n»ar Ttird. irh«a two Srieadi
ef iiis g'Ji Inio & fi^hi. He xraated to b* t
I>?ace=r-sj£er aad rusiied benre«ti th* belllffer
rca to rtci> tha fray. la tha g^nerai mlx-up
t:s ireer wm bittan cS. Aiter thi« be In-
tendi Icteyir.* «.xr»j- fros street brawlr «.sd
tnr.i.^m to fc^ owa adln. K« llie« at 1023
il:ss:oa «t?e«t.
Gaelics Last Voyage.
The ;:.i.Tjt:; GaeMa wia ■*«*» her final
«?"•-«• frcis tfeSs sen tor the Orient cader
her prewiit charter ca Dece=ib*r 13. It ti rt-
Dcried that there Is a pcsalbllltT ttMX ca ar
rival la :-: >-;-..rg ch* may ro l£ta th« bands
c£ n*w cmeri.
Visit the Ohio.
*gft»;r»-<i-vi»;-y th» bad neither yester
day. Petenca'B be&tbouae C14 a ttriiriag' bual
c-ss carryirur cut visitor* to tba w«r«bip
Otio.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ABSXVEOL
Sunday. Deceaiber *.
Etair Saa Feirc. Rwcrufn, 22 hours irons
Ear.ta Barbara.
S;rrr Punoai, =■*■»-««-. 19 hocrs from En
r#k %
Stair Scotia, JcEr.ara. U hers* £r«a Bow
ess.
Stair Arctic. Kelica, C3 ho^r* Iran Eu
rek*.
Bcmr Natleaal C!ty. TZttrr.rr.ar. 16 been froa
Fort Br&£T-
Etcr Brunswick. defsea. 14 bacrs frcsi
Ftrt Era*x\
Etnr »r«?-««*_ 13 fccurs Crca Dclssar
BUT Saata Barter*. Zaiiart. 20 town froo
Fort H&rford,
Boar MamtSeld, Dr.tstn, 81 tears from.
5a= Pedro.
Scsir YTestpcrt, EwaascB, 13 hcnr* frota
Tv"«*trcrt.
gtn^- Macri*. TTiitaer. * hocr» frcia Hall
raooa Bay. . •
Sctr ilary C. C&s:;bcII. » ht«r» frcta Bo
bete Bessie K, Stark, 11 henra frcn. Saa
Vicente Lasi^j;.
Schr Sjckas*. Ja=!esc=, 11 fiayi frcsi Pert
SAILED.
Su«I*y. Deeeiabcr 4.
Strrr Mifyie, TTtitney. HalfaooB Bay.
Ptirr Navarre. Jacob*. 'W'estoort.
Etmr Eureka.. Je«sen. Eureka.
grrrr -.. ■ ;. ««. A^exs.&der. Saa Dicfo as v i
way ycrts.
srnr.r W. B. Eraser. Ncrbery. Eureka.
Star Saa P«iro. Raessaecs. Eureka.
S*_=-.r Ncy.j. Eureka, with schr G«crr« E.
BUUssa ia taw.
Br ship Slarlbcrrjuj-h Hill. Josea. UverpooL
Scfcr Endeavor. McAll«r. Pajet Sound.
BcSr J*==ie GrirSr^ Gibaca, Boliaaa.
- r..- <i»-onre E. BllUna^, Anderson, Eu
reka, in tow «inr Ncyo.
OUTSIDE BOUND DT.
12 r-uisipht— Schr desa,
TEI-EGHAPHIC.
FOINT LCBOS. Dec. 4. 10 p. ta.— Weather
heavy; wind jf, velocity S miles per boor.
Memoranda.
VICTORIA. Dec. 4.— The wrecklas itmr
Uauti«, b*lor.?i=«- to BuIIen Bros, cf the Vlc
torU and Eequiroalt Marine Railway, arrived
tMilgBt in Esquiisalt Harbor towtra; th« «tair
BcEcc-vttz. which wai wrecked some weeks
*fi m Kart!«-<iowTi Islasd Reef, north end of
Vancouver Island, and purchasnd by Eullea
Eros, a: auction tor $C20. Th* Boscowlt* has
a list of U degrees to pert and it kept afloal
by a l*-!acfa pt:=:p from the Maude. She
»;:: ke d.>cke<J Monday and b« prepared for
northern freight asd paa»en»er trade. The
white funnel lirer TaErteze Is reported at
C-ara.=t:r.e.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ASTORIA— Arrived D*c 4 — Fr fcaxk Martha
r^rux. ;rom E«-ar;*i?a.
Baited Tj*x 4— Schr Mahukcna, Cor Saa Pe-
Sro; schr Hcaoluiu, for Shang-hai; «tiar»
V.'i;it:t:<-r and Aur^lia, for San Francisco.
Arrived EVc 4 — Stxr AberJe»n. hence D«(c 1
COOS 13 Arrived D«c 4^ — Etmr Arcata,
-• r. r>^- 1.
Sj::mi»c 1 — Htmr Alliance, for Pcrtland.
s=EATTT^E— Arrived Dec 4— Etmr UmatUla.
bnet D«c 1.
raiiM D«!C 1— Stair City cf Pucbl*. for San
Arrived D«c 3 — Stair Rataier, heace Not 30.
SAN* FEDI1O — Arrived Dec 4 — Stair Mel
t.!> DcHar. from Hedosdo; stmr Chehalis.
beace l«-c 2: schr Hobert R. Hind, from Pon
trri: schr Prrw^er. frcm Ballari
Silled I>c 3 — Stair Coqatlie niver. for San
FnncLncxx.
BXSTA E ARE ARA— Sailed Dec 4— Stair
tut* of Cilirornia fcr San FYaaciaco
EUREK A— Arrived Dec 4— Star Corcna,
hence Dec 3.
:-'*>•: :>r 4— Strrr Pasadeaa. for Saa Fraa
oaco; «tair Vareuard. for 5«iti Pedro.
FOREIGX PORT.
yZCTORIA— Sailed Dec 4— Star Queen, rcr
ISLAND PORT,
jor no&terry, with ihlp Marlca ChUcott la
OCTAX STEAMERS.
r *'2?..?',t w » or *. via, vmeemtcwa.
QUEFNS^UN-s.ned Dec 4 .-etar La
cania. • from Liverpool, fo- v, T y. rk . -HJ-
O-rrric. frcra Uvtrpok. V^ R^«^« '
r^VER-Saned^^^i^^^ke frc _
H^buxs. fc- N,w York, vu 1
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Tta» lad Height cf Him aM j^ £25 !
NOTE— The elffh «ai lew «,.,_ ~~«.
Binctn later Ou .t Fcrt VStofai'tS.g
MOXDAY, DECEMBEK C.
Moon ngg. 5:U £ £
£ Tlsie 1 iTlcrej !Tte«j ?r^l "
"5 3:f»t *JJ! 9:Z& 6.1I 4:ier— O.r,ll:U! 4 1
« 3:ts; 2-CllO:l3! 6.2! 5 :«'— O.» ! ... ..I
. H W| L W |H W[ |l VTl "**
7 &;06J 4.7 4:*0i SJ:iO:55f CO, 6:47*— LI
fe O:SCi i.fe 5:211 3.0:11 Uttj C.S] g^lj— l.o
NOTE— In the aboie exposition c£ tie tidaa
tbe »ar:r mcrclsr tl.ic? are giTea la th« left
fc* td calinsa «n<3 tie successive tides of th»
W«tther Report.
'
j
;
I
j
!
\
[
,
:
.
:
!
'
;
i
!
■
I
|
,
:
■
j
I
|
:
]
«12Pth Meridian. Pacific Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO. Dec. 4 —5 p. m.
"iT.a following are ih* seasonal rainfalls t>
dut-e as compared with those or the same date
la*t season and th« rainfall In tho last tweaty
:c«ir beers:
Last This Last
5'aticna — 24 h-Airs. S-ason. ?">a»i-n.
Eureka 00 9.C5 14.31
R«i JUn^t 00 10.7S 8.45
Sacramento W> 7-M :;.5«5
ten Francisco 01 S.CO 4.42
Fresno 00 5.to -«5
Ir.iepusfiwic* CO .45 .42
Sia Lais Obispo Tr. 4.73 .SO
Lcs Angles 00 1.48 .«
Saa Dlero CO .23 .07
THE COAST RECORD.
3 2 S 3 2 "3
e «2. 2— ? «J n
3 3 3a35l- So rs
STATIONS. J I§lli?I V -
Baktr 20.42 S2 S N*B Clear
C*r»on 30.24 S» 12 NB Cloudy .CO
EX«ka. 30.10 56 48 N Clear .00
Fresno 30.00 «2 36 JTW Cloudy .00
f.msrtm.a S.M 33 a N Pt.Cldy .02
Pocatello 20.3S 34 S W Clear .DO
Ia<let>«r.il»nce .30.04 53 34 SB Cloudy .00
JLoa An««l<»»...C9.»2 TO 4» SW Cloudy .0<>
Mt. Tamalpala.30.C2 43 4-4 XE Clear .02
Norta Head 3O.2O 50 49 B Cloudy .00
Phoenix ».«<i 66 44 W Clear .00
Pt. Reyes I-t..3«j.CO 57 52 N Clear .10
Portland 30.2t 44 36 SE Cloudy .00
Red Bluff ZQ.OS C2 38 XW Cloudy .00
Roeebuix SO.20 40 34 Cl«ar .00
Sh-crajaento ..30.06 52 38 N Pt.Cldy .00
Salt L*i« 30.20 38 .. N~W Ctair .CO
Ean Franct»co.3y.C6 56 46 XE Clear .01
SR Farallon..30.02 5C 53 X"W Cloudy .04
S. U ObUpo. .30.00 63 44 N"W Clear -T.
Eaa Dl«so 2».U2 68 50 SW Clear .00
SeatU* 30.26 45 30 6W Pt.Cldy .C<)
Spokaa* 30.42 40 22 NE Clear .CO
Tatooah 30.1% 43 42 E Cloudy, .00
TVfclli XTalla..30.44 30 IS SW Cloudy .00
Wlnnemueca . .30.2S 44 42 XE Clear .00
Tuiaa. 20.90 70 52 N Cloudy .00
■ i .
WEATHER CONDITIONS AKD GENERAL
FORECAST. t
Ocudy weather prevails over California. Art
rona, and Western Washlnrton: elsewhere on
the Paciflc Slcpe the weatb*r Is fair. Light
■howers feil alony the Central California, coast
dtirlns the day.
An area of high pressure overlies the plateau
end Rocky Mountain regions and % feeble low
'.a central in Arizona.
The tercperatune chances have been slight
In all districts.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hour* ending midnight, December S:
Northeru California—Fair Monday; light
northerly wind.
Southern California —Cloudy Monday; prcb
afcly Jhcwers In the n^untalns; fresh west
wind.
N«vai»— Fair Monday.
San Franelscc and vicinity—Fair Monday;
Ug-ht ccrtherly wind. ,
Lts Angeles and vicinity —Cloudy Monday;
fresh w«»st -wind.
Sacramento and vicinity —Fair Monday; light
north wind. ,
Fresno and vicinity —Fair Monday.
O. H. WILLSON. Local Forecaster.
day la the order of occurrence as to tlae: the
fourth time column gift* the last tide of the.
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sciftls-.es occurs. The heights riven »r« la
addition to the soundings of th« United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minos < — )
algn precedes the height, and then the nmnb-r
(Tver. Is subtracted from the depth jiven by
the chart*. The place of refereac* la the ceAa
of th« lower low waten. ,
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. j From. f Due.
Gaelic ' San Pedro JDec. 5
S. Mcalca ) Grays Harbor (Dec ft
Cbas. Nelson. < S«att!e & Tacoma ; Dec. 3 ',
Empire.- | Coos Bay | Dec. 3 j
North Fork. .- Humboldt |Dec. 5j
EUxafeetfl Coa-ille River |Dec. 5
Norwood GnriHirbor (Dec. 5
Enterprise... Hllo |Dec •
G. W. EMer.. Portland 4 Astoria I Dec 3
EuteofCal.. San D!ega A Way Pti.|D«c. 3
J. Hi«sl=« San Pedro !Dec. 6
Siberia ! China A Japan IDec. 0
Arcata | Coc» Bay A Pt. Orford.jDec 0
Fcmo • Point Arena. Sc Albion. |Dec 6
Alameda Honolulu [Dec. «
Boclta Newport & Way Ports. IDec. «
Wellington — Oyster Harbor |Dec. "I
Titanla Orster Harbor IDec. 7
Eureka Humbvldt ." Dec. T|
Ccrona j Humboldt jDec. 7
Sequoia Wlllapa Harbor IDec. 7
Ctry Poebla.. Ptget Sound Ports Dee. 7
Acrella -{Portland & Astoria Dec. 7
S. Rosa San Diego A Way Pts. Dec. 8!
Point Arena. . | Mendocino A Pt. Arena Dec. 8i
Argo - : Eel River Ports -Dec. 8
Breakwater. . \ Coca Bay [Dec. 8 1
Newport ! New York via Anccn..lDec. a
Centraila ; San Pedro jDec 9
Eaxocia i Hamburg A Way Ports. 'Dec. 9
Nevadaa j Honolulu Sc Kahulul.. Dec. a;
Homer • Grays Harbor Dec. 9!
Coo« Bay Ean Pedro & Way Pu. Dec. 10
Columbia Portland & Astoria Dec. 10 '
Newburg Grays Harbor 'Dec. 11
G. LJndauer.. Grays Harbor [Dec. 11
Menes Seattle jDec. 12!
Rainier I Seattle * BelllnKhaxa. . ! Dec. 12 '
G. Dollar 'Grays Harbor (Dec 12'
Ventura Sydney & Way Ports. Dec. 12 j
UxnatlUa Paget Sound Ports.... Dec. 12
Jeanle Seattle & Taeoma Dec. 12
City Peking.. New York via Anccn..|Dcc. 11
TO SAIL. " '
Steamer. |^ Deatlnatlon. - Sails. [ PlerT"
!*'■ December 5. j
en 1 ™------ CoqulJle Rirer 1 pmjPler 2
F. Kllborn. Portland & Way.. 4 pmjPler 27
C. Nelson.. | Los Angelas Ports. !10 amiPler 20
S. Barbara.! Grays Harbor | 4 pmlPler 2
Crarina Cocs Bay direct.... 3 pm|Pi*r 8J
N'orwood...] Loa Angeles Ports. 2 pmlPler 2
Redcndo. ..; Portland Sc Way.. 3 pa Pier 2
Coos Bay., j gan Pedro & Way.. 9 amjPier U
December 6. I ■
llontara , Seattle direct ....I 4 pm|Pler 0'
Elizabeth.. Coqullle River 1 3 pm;Pler 20 !•
C. Nebmn.. Lo» Angeles Ports. [10 am! Pier 20
Pomona.... Huinboldt |l:30p[Pi«r »
Que«n Puget Sound Porta.|ll am Pier j|
December 7. | I !
S. Monica.. Gray* Harbor ! 4 pm|Pler 2
Arctic Humboldt I 9 am Pier 2
Curacao Mexican Ports [10 amjPier U
December 8. I |
State of Cal San Diego * Way.) 9 am! Pier 11
Fcmo Pt. Arena * Albion) e pmjPler 2
Arcata Coos B. & Pt, Orfd!l2 m PSer IS
K. Fork Huir-boldt I 9 amfPler 2»
G. W. Elder Aftoria A Portlandjll am;Pl«r 21
December 9. I |
Centraila.. Grays Harbor.. 4 pmlPier 10
Corona.... Hwsbottt ......... l:3w p Pier 9
Bonlta Newport A Way.. 9 ami Pier 11
December 10. |
Breakwater Cooe Bay direct... 8 pmjPler a
Point Arena Point Arena. 4 pmjPter 2
Argo Eel River Pcrts... 4 pmjPler 2
Aurelta Astoria & Portland 4 pm]Pler 27
Se<juola wtllapa Harbor.... 4 pm,Pler 20
Alameda... Honolulu 11 am I Pier I
City Syonej v. Y. vU Aaccn.. 12 m, Pier 40
" December 11. j i
City Pnebla Pucet Sound Ports.|ll am|Pler 9
December 13. ! !
Colcmtla.. Astoria A Portland 11 am 1 Pier 24
1 Gaelic China A Japan 1 pn Pier 40
Nevadaa... Hono. * Kabulul Pier —
Homer Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
December 15. I I
G. Dollar. . . Grays Harbor I 4 pmiPler 10
FROM SEATTLE.
i Steamer. ! Destination. I Sails.
i — • — 1
Cottage City.. Skagway A Way Ports. |Dec.. i
Jefferson Skagway A Way Ports. IDec 8
Portland I Cooks Inlet A Way PtslDec. lu
Farallon . [ Skagway 4k "Way Ports. IDec 10
Kamboldt ! Skagway A Way Ports-iDec 13
Accidentally Asphyxiated.
It. Kax!i. sailor, was brought into the Har
bor Hospital early yesterday morning In an In
sensible condition. ■ suffering from sas asphyx
iation. He wu a. lodcer at the Ferry House.
The proprietor »aid Karll*» condition was due
to an accident. Karll had *2 3o In his j>ock*t
when his clcthes were searched at the station.
Karli &I*4 at 1 o'clock this morning.
MASQUERADES IS WOMAN" S CLOTHES.
Policemen Jenkins and Earle saw what they
] >uM-";-'"-i to be a woman In an intoxicated
, condition on Larkin street, near the Mecaan
i lc»" Pavilion, about 4 o'clock yesterday morn
ing. Tn« individual wu arrested and the
of Keen discovered It was a man dressed in
woman's clothes and wearlsy a* vig with
curia. He g&ve his name as Bernard Peder
son. a laundryman. 13 years of ag«. He said
he had been at the Jockeys' ball at the pavil
ion. He was released yesterday by Police
Judge CabanisH t^oag with tbe other ninety
■ two "drunks." an unusual number.
THE SAX .FRANCISCO GALL, MONDAY. DECEMBER 5, 1904.
WILLIAMS AND WALKER DELIGHT
IN MUSICAL COMEDY.
Li T T^i 1 *> T 7 T?
J J *J
IFREXCHMAX WHO IS DOING I
REMARKABLE FEATS OF
STRENGTH AT FISCHER'S. \
We didn't seem to mind last night
that Williams and Walker had been
"commanded" to appear "befo* the
King;."' We know them too well for
that. Besides, the royal taste in come
dians is less embryotic than in — say
pictures. Anyway, despite the {act that
"In Dahomey" was ordered up at
Buckingham Palace we took it with
both hands last night at the Grand
Opera-house. Not a seat lacked Its
human upholstery and everybody was
there. Some spots looked like a chess
board, with black to win, for dark
town is very proud of its Williams and
Walker. Indeed, the audience was as
much fun as the piece. It was worth
the price just to hear the colored end
of us laugh, the gorgeous roll of it, the
rich, fat chuckle.
But we take our own word for Wil
liams and Walker. As Williams said, in
his strip of a speech last night, they
began here. It was not at the Grand
Opera-house. Nor was it at the ten,
twenty, thirties. It was in one of those
humbler excrescences of democratic art
where you cannot persuade those at
the receipt of customs to take l more
than ten. But all that is long ago.
Vaudeville has intervened, and the mu
sical concoction with which the come
dians took the town when they were
last here at the California. ~And now
comes "In Dahomey," incomparably In
advance of all these.
"In Dahomey" is a musical com
edy, written, eungr, staged and act
ed throughout by colored folk. J.
A. Shipp is the man of the book,
the lyrics are by Alex Rogers,
the music by William Marion Cook. In
plot the piece is as vague as the pro
ductions of -most of the blonde musical
comedy makers. Something about a
lost cat's eye in a silver casket, and of
a syndicate for enticing unwary stran
gers to Dahomey there is, but these
don't matter. . - -
They are simply setting for the
fascinating perambulations of Wil
liams and Walker, as a pessimistic
Sancho and a piratical Don Quixote,
respectively. The music again is notably
characteristic. One rather hoped the
piece would travel along in the fash
ion of the prologue, with its weird
jungle scene and movement. They tell
me the British Museum furnished the
text of the — well, what serves for
costumes, the throne of horns and the
rest of this scene. Will Marion Cook
has furnished it with excellent music,
and the dances, with the twinkling
cinnamon legs and swaying bodies, are
quite fascinating. The next scene is
In Boston and the third in Florida.
The costuming is quaint and sufficient,
except in the prologrue, when it i3
splendiferous. ""■''
But one cannot but enjoy the com
pany from Williams and Walker
down. Your colored comedian is at
his happiest on the stage. Ke enjoys
every moment of it, loves to make you
laugh, and you can't help loving him
for loving to make you laugh. Multi
ply him by — are there 'fifty or more
in "In Dahomey"? — and you get some
idea of the enjoyment the piece holds.
Shylock Homestead is Bert Williams
in the cast, always being swindled and
deceived .by his persuasive friend
Bareback Punkerton, George A.
Walker. Anything more deadly funny
than Williams here you won't see this
sido of Christmas, nor more amusing
than the fascinating scamp of Walker.
They have a duologue; Walker has
most of the talking, where Walker
pretends to talk to an invisible doc
tor about Shylocfc, who has an in
visible stab, that is what* used to be
called excruciatingr-
Only it is. But the song "I May Be
Crazy, but I Ain't No Fool," the joint
concoction of Mr./Shipp and Mr. Wil
liams, and sung by Williams to incred
ible encores, will be best remembered
of the fun. Walker, has a good one In
"De Minstrel Man," and anyway, it is a
privilege only to see the. Walker teeth
and bear the Walker laugh.
Mr. Shipp himself looms up comically
as Hustling Charlie. One , could have
done with a „ good deal more ' of Ihim.
Richard Conner has a voice and sings
with all of it. George Catlen's China
man Is excellent, and Alex. Rogers —
you see, the comedy is purely > home
made— is good as the keeper of an in
telligence office. ,
As last time, the leader of the la
dies is Miss Lottie Williams," and the
Good Music, Happy
Comedians and
Laughter.
cast is now reinforced by a clever
youngster, Aida Overton Walker, who
does a bit of good acting as a pet
child, and brings a warm, oboe-like
contralto to her songs. Miss Williams
is as competent and pretty as ever
and the rest fill in joyfully. If you
want to be happy take In "In Da
homey."
• • * -" • C r
. I t did goi to see the other girl, other
wise that exceedingly clever person.
Miss Mary Shaw, yesterday afternoon
at the Orpheum. But I found Phyllis.
Don't miss Phyllis, which her other
name is Allen. -Phyllis sings, mostly
about "dear hearts" ana things. Still
she might do that and be even more
like the amiable calliope than she is.
It is Phyllis' dire determination to act
that Interests. When she sings "O
Le-heave Me Nott.'Vshe isn't going to
let you think that she is warbling
about "Any Rags." No, sir. She wrings
out her handkerchief and clutches her
ribs until every man in the audience
passes it up to the next. But the way
Phyllis wades in to the coquetry! She
hs.s all the delicate insinuation of a
traction engine, a wink that works like
a stream-thresher, in fact she's Just
too colossally cute for anything.
Which all does not prevent Phyllis
having- begun with a mighty good
voice. It would be worth ducats to
call the kye hame. Think on't, Phyllis.
Miss Mary Shaw, whose Mrs. Alving
stands with Mrs. Fiske's Hedda' Gab
ler, Is here in vaudeville for the first
time. I think she is here also for the
first time. Miss Shaw brings with her
a sketch called "The Silent System" —
why, is hardly apparent. It is a usual
enough' curtain lecture of the Mrs.
Caudle kind. The gentleman has
been dining and arrives home to a cross
and sleepy spouse. She talks, he
doesn't, but the system of his silence
is not apparent. He neither holds his
tongue because she won't, nor because
he intends to trump her sulks; but
simply because the man that made the
play gave him nothing to say. Miss
Shaw, however, a highly accomplished
actress and charming comedienne, car
ried the thing through to a delicate
triumph. She depicted the unreason
able feminine in most subtle and
laughable fashion, and thoroughly won
her audience. Mr. Harold Cahill ren
dered only meaner assistance as the
muzzled husband.
Marvelous Frank and Little Bob's
turn, not to forget the cleverest dog
acrobat seen at the Orpneum, whose
honorable! name is Tip, is a turn for
the discontented. Go to see what the
one-leg-gf:d Frank has done before com
plaining 1 of chilblains. Little Bob is
as clever, on two legs, and Tip a won
der on four. The DUIpns, song mak
ers, also good, are new; and Howard's
ponies and dogs are of the best of
animal acts. But don't forget 'Phyllis.
BLANCHE PABTINGTON.
William West's Minstrels at th«
California drew a fair house, consid-
William West's Minstrels at the
California drew a fair house, consid
ering the report that Frederick Bow
ers had been delayed oh the road and
would not be able to be present to di
rect his spectacular arrangement of
three transformation scenes that are
said to have made a hit at SL Louis
during their six months' run at the
World's Fair. McDevitt and Kelly
bore the brunt of the show with Kar
telli. the •'King of the Wire." The
dancing of the pair in blackface was
good and presented a contrast to the
preceding numbers of the programme.
Dockstader's work was revamped for
the occasion and a few old songs bor
rowed from other sources, but the audi
ence seemed pleased with the enter
tainment — and, of course, the public
ought to be the best Judge...
Louis Francois Klns-Ner, who Is now
at I Fischer's - Vaudeville Theater for a
week, is a Frenchman who does al
most impossible things with his chin.
He challenges < any living , person to
equal his work. Among the numerous
feats he performs is the lifting In full
view of the audience of a buggy, a cart,,
a piano, a wheel that weighs 385
pounds, five kitchen tables and iron
bars that run up to almost 1000 pounds.
All these he lifts upon his chin without
any assistance whatsoever. Klns-Xer
is a small but powerful man as his
photograph shows. He 13 just 25 years
of age. .
• • •
The Alameda Lustspiel Society ; pre
sented "Im Welassen Rossi" ("at the
"White Horse Tavern") at the Columbia
Theater last night. The Germans of
the city were present In large numbers
and applauded to the echo the brilliant
acting of the clever amateurs. The
principals in the cast were: Josephine
Lafontaine-Weckhaus, Richard ' Lenz^
Adolph Schubert, Frida Shanly, Theo
dore Saling and Max Carl Weiss.
3Iaiiagers' Charity Benefit.
The sale of seats for the sixth an
nual benefit of the Associated' Theat
rical Managers of San Francisco, in
aid of their charity fund for the sick
and needy in- the profession, which is
to take place at the Orpheum next
Friday afternoon, will begin at the
box office of the theater to-morrow
morning. The programme will in
clude sixteen acts from the principal
theaters of the city.
Postponement.
The Pacific* Coast Steamship Co.'s
steamer Pomona, advertised to leave for
Eureka December- 6. will not sail until
December 12. . •
Easy on First Tenner.
Abolition of the striped suit for a
first-term prisoner, substitution of mili
tary. movements for the lock-step and
the privilege of not being clipped by the
barber are features marking New-
York's scheme of penal reform. They
commend themselves to the Judgment.
That authorities should differentiate
the ; novice from the habitual offender
is plain. In many Instances the first
wrong step has been taken in haste,
perhaps ": under the spur of sudden
temptation, yet punishment is due-The
purpose of this punishment should be
the reform of the criminal. If: he be
thrust into a : herd of hardened ton
victs and branded as one of them there
is scarcely a hope for him.—Washing
ton Times. ■ wB&SSSBSA
; A young woman prisoner in the Jail
at" Lille -was kept in -a . cell all. night
under such conditions 'that both her
feet became frostbitten and ! had to' be
amputated. An - inquiry has -been or
dered. HHI
LMINQ THE rOUND/aiONl
OF THE KREMLIN
-"'"'■■''■^"" ,- ' "" ' * "— ' °
' " _ -|<t |g|j|||g^||||^ojj^
"Laying the Foundation of the Kremlin.'* o
OUR PICTURE FOR NEXT SUNDAY IS A GREAT EX- .' j I
! AMPLE OF THE WORK OF THE WELL-KNOWN RUS- g
SI AN ARTIST, DJENYEEFF. |
Many years ago there existed in Russia a heathenish custom j 3
of immuring alive a human being under the cornerstone of a great j g
building, the belief being that such a sacrifice -would insure its sire- S
Our picture shows the laying of the cornerstone of the Krem- ; g
lin, at Nijni Novgorod. The workmen have seized the young and 8
beautiful wife of a merchant and are proceeding to force her. under 1 g
the cornerstone. The artist has depicted in the most striking man- S
I ner the terror of the victim, as well as the stern determination of ! g
the men. g
From an abundance of riches, this beautiful canvas by Djen- j g
yeeff, now on exhibition in the Russian section, Palace of Fine S
Arts, has been selected and reproduced to be presented as the next ! &
| (No. 3) picture in this splendid series, next Sunday. &
; To Be Sure of Getting Tfys Superb Picture §
?p.-... r ;£v.>^*:i g
; In the Most Exquisite Colors, |
Just as It Came from the Master's Brush, I
; You Must Order the |
■ IN ADVANCE I
Sold Everywhere. Price 5c a Copy. §
THE NAVAL. WAY OF GETTING
AROUND A DIFFICULTY
Treasury Pays Expenses of Recruiting
Officers in a Peculiar
Fashion.
Officers of the navy who have charge
of the recruiting for that service have
devised a means of extracting money
from the Federal treasury. According
to a decision recently made by Comp
troller Tracewell It is unlawful to pay
the expenses incurred by officers de
tailed' for recruiting duty. He holds
that all they are entitled to receive is
their mileage, amounting to 8 cents for
each mile actually traveled. Mileage
will " not cover the expenses, because
most of the Journeys are short and the
stays. ina particularly city rather' long.
The planr is >to send officers around
Robin Hood's barn. "When it !s de
sired'that an officer shall open a re
cruiting office in Baltimore for a week
or ten days he is to be ordered to St.
Louis and then to Baltimore. His stay
in SL Louis is to be limited to about
five minutes. Then he is to- go on to
Baltimore. By the operation the of
ficer comes into possession of about
5160, out of which he has to pay about
$S0 for railroad fare. The remainder
will pay his expenses for a two weeks'
stay in Baltimore.
After he has "done" Baltimore Pitts
bur;:: may be his next stopping place.
-Instead cf going there from Baltimore
and getting about $24 he, under the
new plan, will journey to Denver and
return before beginning operations in
Pittsburg, and so on to the end of the
recruiting itinerary.
'It is believed that the Comptroller
will not dare question the discretion of
the . Secretary of the Navy to send an
officer wheresoever he thinks his ser
vices are required and that the scheme
will work. If it will not. then recruit
ing "ill have to come to an end until
Congress can act. That would be a
calamity, as the navy needs 1500 men
to man the ships in commission. 1 he
seaboard cities are not good recruiting
grounds, because there the satisfac
tory nien know too much about the life
of an enlisted man in the navy to be
persuaded to enlist, except as a last
resort or as a means of bracing- up.
As there is no way for an enlisted
man to get a commission so he can
become a' "gentleman." there is no
such incentive for an ambitious boy to
enlist ; in the navy as there is . in the
army.' where, after two years' service,
he is eligible to be ordered up for an
examination, which.; if successfully
passed, . means acommisslon and a life
job at good pay and a pension for his
widow*; and minor '. children. — "Washing
,ton Star.
• When a girl has freckles she sym
pathizes with the leopard, who cannot
change" his spota.
ALTERATIONS OCCURRING
IXOCR SOLAR STSTEM
Lend Scientists to Predict That Planeta
and Satellites Will Return
' to the Son-
The alterations now occurring: In the
distribution in the solar system have
led Professor George Darwin to pre
dict that the moon will ultimately re
turn to the earth, which gave her sud
den birth: so many ages before, and it
may further be prophesied that the
planets and their satellites must ulti
mately yield to the gravitational influ
ence of our dying sun and must re
turn to the bO3om of their parent. We
must conceive of the solar system of
to-day,' then, as gathered into one cen
tral mass, closely aggregated around
that point which, from the beginning,
has constituted its center of gravity.
And what will be the stage of this
shrunken object? It will be a. dark
star, a dead sun. There are myriads
such in the heavens. Sir Robert Ball
has said that. to count all the bright
stars that we can see and say, "These
are all there are," would be like count
ing the red hot horseshoes in England
and saying "This is the total number."
This dark to-be 'will therefore be Just
such another as millions more. There
will be no life upgn it. We cannot
conceive the terror of its cold, for the
nebula has been dissipating energy. In
the form of light and heat, into the
chilly depths of intersidereal space
ever since the first hour of Its long
aeval shrinkage.
What i3 the destiny of this dead sun,
among whose constituent atoms, re
member, will be those in the printer's
ink before your eyes and those in the
eyes themselves? Are they forever —
"stable in desolation," as Stevenson
has it— to be borne onward through
infinite space? > No; thfa shriveled
globe, the common tomb of sun and
earth and Mars and of the bodies of
the great that once breathed thereon,
may live again. Give it but the con
suming' embrace of such another voy
age and in a moment a new, nebula
will be born. "The force of .their Im
pact will suffice to evaporate their
substance Into another cloud which
will repeat the history of old. The
p&th of the two dead suns will deter
mine the position of- the "principal
plane" which will form the ground
plan of the new system.
Foot Growlns Smaller.
It is asserted by a sculptor that the
human; foot Is becoming smaller. The
masculine^ foot of, twenty centuries ago
was about twelve Inches long- The
average •man's foot of to-day is easily
fitted with a No. 8% shoe, which is not
more than 10T-15 Inches in length. — E»-
Personal Neatness Counts.
In the coarse of an address ths
other day on how to obtain success
the president of a prominent street
railway company said: "Clothes do
not make the man. but good clothes
have got many a man a good Job. If
you have {25 and want a Job It Is bet
ter to spend J20 for a suit of clothes.
<* for shoes and the rest for a shave,
a haircut and a clean collar and -walk
to the place than go with the monay
In the pockets of a dingy suit. Pro
fessional men. solicitors, salesmen, re
porters and young men In general,
whose business brings them Into fre
quent contact with others say that it
is the most short sighted policy In the
world to go about wearing shabby.
out-of-date or soiled clothing. Econ
omy Is an admirable vlrtua and
should be especially encouraged la
youth, but there is a point where
economy ceases to be a virtue, and it
Is reached when one tries to econo
mize on necessary clothing or clean
linen." — New York Commercial.
A pretty girl doesn't have to propose
during leap year and a homely one U
afraid to — but there Is the strenuous
young widow.
LOTERIA NAGIONAL.
XJxt cf Premiums. So*. 1 to 13,000. as
3nwa ta City at Mexico. Mexico.
ca. tie 3d Day of December. 19O4.
Xo. Press tan. | Xo. Premlan».| J»% Pr«astasi.
IS... I3.S0J 2S.1... |2.&>i iSA... %Z.S->
334... 2.3«>i 404... 2.31V 435... 2.3O
3C2... 2.3«i 5«)3... 2.30; 312... 7.3«>
8il»... 2.5O; 9«a>... 2.30; 9K1... l».O>
113::... 2.a> 1201... 2.3O( 1M2... ».«»
1«82... 2.S>* 17SO. .. 2.3»>l 1H«>2... S.3«>
2027... 2.3Ot 2122. .. 2.5»>^22*4... 2-5i>
2325... 2.3ui 233O... 5.0i:t 2347... S.0O
2814... ICaO.OOt 2X4... 5.WV 331S... 5.W>
3701... 2.34>f 5734... 7.50. 375H... 3.l»
37tCJ... 5.5O4 2S0.1... 2.50* a"«... 2.W
4104... 2.SOI 42i>»... 2.SO! 4.T2O... 2..V»
4.TT2... 7.*> : 4.144... 2-3«)' 454.1... 2.M
4*a»... 2.30» 47C3... 2S.W>! 471»... 2.3«>
474»... 2.5O! 431*... 3.30; 4-»>. . . 2.3©
4912... 7.3O, 3m»... B.O»w 3203... 2.3rt
» 32f!rt... T.30' 3.193... t-SO 1 Mt4... 7 .5*
5i.-W... T.»f 58.13... I-3O< 5S«*4... 7.5*>
«li» 2.3Ot 6127... 5.rtM «W>... 75.<*»
WTO... 2.3O; t»471... 2.5«H «321... 2.**
HfiSM 2.5»>» O2I>... 2..VH «M2... 2.5i>
' n»)« 2yi72W»... 2.3O* TB05... 2.5<»
' 7«S«' * 5.0O 1 77««. .. 2.3O! 7m... 75.«O
i 7M»* 2 a>: tvw... s.w>? 7»i*... 2.50
' 7»r»"" 2l5Ot 7!»»7... 2..V>! »2J1... 2.5ft
js^l" 2.3O' «272... 7.-Vit «Z«. . . 2.3<»
s£»»"" 2'.3«V «S57... 2.V» «»1... 2..VI
f>*4*:*.. 2.30! W45... 2.3.'! «77«>. . . 2?O
nriM 2 3<V 5««>. .. 2.5.^*402... 2.3o
•774"* •» 3o!innr*»... 2.3o:i«s«>... 3»».0O
MSI121 2S fi>li242... 2..V>'1'S«3... 2.a»»
, liifiis"" i.Vkwki..; 2..n>k»*4... 2..-in
ir/»l 5.«*in)ift7. . - 2S4V inflin - • • *•*»
ipoii" S.oo.lK.-->... 7.50 11^12... *.5rt
n'w" 2 .•w>tii.i^>... 2..wit*«i... 2..^<»
11758"! 2.&>;il«23... 7.3tV,lU2B... 7.3a
■xro. 2SH sold In San Fr%acL«<^>. CaL
No. lfifl««> »ol« tn San Trax\wca. C*t
y<>. *H told tn San Fraiurfscft." Cal.
Vo. <E3»> »ol<i la San Francisco. Cat
jfo.' 7772 sold tn San Franctseo. CaL
Ko. 4708 sold in MaryrrtH*. CmL
Na. 10211 sold to Sacranaentow Cfcl.
56
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOIiy D. SPRECKELS.. • ...Proprietor
ADDRESS ALL. COMMUNICATIONS TO
JOHN* McXATJGHT Manager
PUBLICATION OFFICE THIRD AND MARKET STREETS, SAN FRANCISCO
MONDAY DECEMBER 5, 1904
THE EXPANSION STILL GOES ON.
THE end of the year is at hand and the usual lull in trade ha?
not yet appeared. Instead, we have continued reports of busi
ness expanding everywhere. This is a most unusual condition
of affairs and speaks volumes for the present improvement in the
country's commerce.
Normally there are two periods of dullness every year — in mid
summer and at the close of the year. If there is np lull then busi
ness is abnormally active, and this seems to be the condition at
present.
All returns show remarkable activity all along the line. The
railroads cannot handle all the freight offered them, and their
earnings continue to increase over corresponding periods last year,
the gain in November being 7.1 per cent. The railroad stock list on
the New York Stock Exchange has responded to this improved
showing by steadily advancing until the shares have reached such a
point where in the estimation of man}* financial interests they arc
above the dividend point, and are therefore inflated. Other interests,
more optimistic, believe that the earnings will continue to increase
and the dividends will be expanded in divers ways and are back
ing their opinion by purchasing right along without hesitation.
These are the shouters of continued prosperity. They are fortified
by the large corn and cotton crops, which on their face do promise
another good year. The same condition prevails in the industrials,
though in a less degree. The iron and steel men laugh at all doubts
as to the genuineness of the improvement in their line and predict
continued expansion. One official of the Republic Steel and Iron
Company last week said flatly: "We could stop taking orders in all
departments and still run to full capacity till midsummer.*' Wall
street operators are equally sanguine of the permanence of the cur
rent improvement and give the bears a sorry time of it whenever
The bank clearings continue to affirm the better condition of
business. For several. months they have been showing steady gains
over corresponding periods in 1903, and the gains have lately been
remarkable. Last week they were 42.1 per cent, with thirteen of
the fifteen most important cities on the right side of the exhibit.
The gain at New York was 64.9 per cent; at Pittsburg, the center of
the iron and steel trade, 28.3 per cent; at the flour center, Minne
apolis, 15.5 per cent: at Boston, the cotton and footwear mill center,
19.7 per cent; at Chicago, the grain and provision center, 4.5 per
cent, and so on. The aggregate clearings themselves soared up to
$3,195,000,000. or 50 per cent over the normal aggregate of $2,000,
000.000. The failures of the week were 205, against 217 last year,
but it is noteworthy in this connection that there were several large
collapses, as was the case during the preceding week.
The clearings of San Francisco, as printed in The Call on Thurs
day, tell the story of trade in this city during the current year.- We
started out last January behind the corresponding month in 1903
and lost steadily until in Ma}- we were a long way behind the pre
ceding year in the volume of business. But in June the tide turned.
Our clearings then began to increase and since then have shown such
a steady gain over 1903 that at the end of November we had actually
overcome the continuous loss of the first half of the year and stood
S8,ooo,ooo ahead of 1903. As there was no undue speculation in
this city to run up the clearings, as in the case of New York, the
figures "are almost positive proof that all talk to the contrary not
withstanding we are. doing more business now^than during the same
time last year.
And whyjnot? -Our population has been growing with abnormal
rapidity during the last year, our crops are selling for high prices,
our real estate operations are very extensive, as attested by the large
number of new buildings going up all over town, our banks are
loaded with coin to such a degree that lately there has been a large
daily investment in good, interest-paying bonds on the Stock and
Bond Exchange for the sake of the interest, and our different mining
interests are in better condition than for a number of years. San
Francisco to-da}' is in full enjoyment of one of the most flourishing
eras of her existence, and there are no conditions in sight to indicate
any recession in the near future. For that matter, the same may be
said of trade all over the United States, which was never more pros
perous than it is to-day.
*"p HE State Board of Roads and Highways reports that there are
I 2223 miles of oiled roads in California. The board is of the
opinion that oiling can be so managed as finally to produce a
solid bitumen surface on country roads, that will answer all the
purposes served by bituminized streets in the cities. Observers of
oiled roads know that to do this requires methods of application that
will t2mp the road material thoroughly. The ability of bituminous
oils to combine with water seems to cause the roads to fail in wet
weather. The oil runs off with the water and leaves mud behind. It
should be possible, however, to make the tamping so solid that a
hard surface, shedding water, could be constructed.
To effect this is the purpose of the board. Its report on the
subject suggests the same attention to foundation that city streets
require. The bituminous rock, which is found only in California.
is a natural product. It was made by the crude oil flowing upon
ancient sand beaches or beds, just as it is now flowing out upon the
bottom sand of the ocean from Santa Barbara channel southward. It
tamped the sand soundly and formed the hard material as it is now
found. Applying oil to a road surface is an artificial substitute for
this natural process, and if properly done will secure the same re
sult, iti a compact, waterproof and enduring surface.
The subject is of such interest as to justify all the care given
to it by the Board of Roads and Highways. In the first place, our
long dry season causes dusty roads that detract from the comfort of
those who use or live near them. The deep dust also increases the
pull in hauling loads over them, which is an economic loss. The
same power will haul twice the load over a good roadbed. We have
the crude oil in abundance already developed and vast reservoirs that
are untapped. Any additional economic use of this oil is a gain for
one of our heaviest mineral industries, and the State makes a double
gain, in good roads and a profit on one of its natural products. The
board will get much light upon the matter of proportion of oil to
sand by analysis of the bituminous rock which nature mixed exactly
right.
THE PRESS OF THE NATION.
The ultimate disposition of Santo Domingo is a bridge which it may be
difficult to cross, but which we need not cross until we come to it. Meantime
nothing could give that island a better chance and a stronger Jmpulse for self
redemption than the Influence and example of Its two next neighbors, Cuba
on the one side, prospering in Insular self-government^ and Porto Rico on the
other, also prospering under American sovereignty. — New York Tribune.
The intelligence of New York juries must be either exceptionally keen or
exceptionally dull. Judging by the diagram and lay figures deemed necessary
to enable them to arrive at a verdict. — Pitteburg Dispatch.
Some folks are fond of prime roast beef. Some other folks like ham, but
Wall street, when a boom is on. wants "lamb! lamb!' lamb!" — Xew"York
Herald.
The numerous footpads of Chicago are extensively employing carbolic acid
to render their victims defenseless. Is Chicago civilized? — Atlanta Constitution.
Governor Pcnnypacker smiles at the idea he was wrong in advocating
the press muzzier. And the press smiles, too — Philadelphia North American.
The Hague continues to be known as headquarters of peace, although the
plant has not been completed to supply the demand.— Washington Star.
Away down in her heart every woman Is proud of her son when he whips
her neighbor's boy.— Kansas City Times. ■ " - -
OILED ROADS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1904.
WOMAN'S BEAUTY AND MAN'S
POWER MAKE FIRST
IMPRESSIONS.
BY DOROTHY FENIMORE.
8OME one — I am not quite sure
who it was— had the courage to
declare that, though It is safe
to trust a dog who falls in love
with you at first sight, the same
is not true about man.
One cannot justly discount ths
power of first imnressions. They are
the best letters of introduction in our
social world. But how far one may
dare to trust first impressions in love
affairs is a different proposition. You
do not present your purse to a stranger
because you like his looks. Why
should any being- think of giving to
one whom he has never seen before
the best thing he posseyses — his heart,
and the life that [toes with it? «
Yet people are doing this every day.
Adults who could be safely trusted to
the uncertain mercies of a great and
unfamiliar city are always ready to be
taken in by a confidence tjame in love.
Of course, in love, as in other social
relations, the first impression is an
important element. Were it taken
away, there would be a loss of both
beauty and that mystery which is
the secret of fascination.
As a rule, it is beauty in a woman
v.hich attracts men. For this reason
some women are better calculated than
others to inspire love at first sight. No
MIRROR OF DAME FASHION
LITTLE buttonholed pastilles of the white soielaine are cleverly used to
supplement the trimming design in this Forsythe waist, the round
pieces being cut, edged with a featherbone piping cord and the but
tonholing worked over this in a brilliant burnt orange twist. These little
pastilles fashion the collar, being fagoted to bias bands, and they are used
very effectively, indeed, in the lace yoke and in medallions on the front of
the blouse. They appear likewise on the sleeve puff above the cuff, their
every appearance being as an insertion in the heavy relievo lace which
makes the trimming.
Facts About Food.
A company with a large capitaliza
tion was recently incorporated in New
York to manufacture and sell cornmeal
mush. It is problematic whether it
will ever become a staple of diet,
though Its cheapness would recom
mend it as such in a larpe citv where
the prices of food are usually hich.
The cheapness of cornmeal. however, is
not its only merit. Professor W. O. At
water, of Wesleyan > University, who
conducted numerous experiments in
foods for the United States Department
of Agriculture, has found that th«
greatest nutritive value in any kind of
food of a specified value is found in
cornmeal. In 10 pounds of cornmeal
there is a trifle more than 8 oounds of
actual nutriment; in S 1-3 pounds of
wheat flour there are more than Q%
pounds of nutriment; in 5 pounds of
THE SUNNY SIDE OF LIFE
A CAIili DOWN*.
Mr. . Newriche-7-Eyery - man has his
price. \ r
Mr. -\ Dedriche— Yes; I had heard
your, daughter was to marry, Lord ■ Get
thecoyne. HBHHHBS
further description of Grecian Helen's
power over hearts is really necessary
after the lines:
And Helen came forth from her fragrant bower
Tlie fairest lady of immortal line,
Like morning; when the rosy dawn doth flower.
It is quite a different quality in a
man which swds an arrow through a
woman's fancy. It is power.
In "The Iceland Fisherman" Pierre
L«oti uses this fact of feminine psych
ology with artistic effect in his ac
count of the meeting between the
heroine Gaud and the Iceland fisher
man^
"Although Gaud asked quite natural
ly the names of a number of others,
she did not 4jire ask his. That beauti
ful profile which she could just ses,
that proud and haughty glance, those
brilliant, quick eyes of his, with their
tawny gleam, had deeply impressed,
had almost frightened her."
This same susceptibility of the more
emotional sex tc power was worked
into the plot of one cf the most con
spicuous of recent novels, "The
Queen's Quair"
As Irving says, "Men are always
v.ooing goddesses and marrying mere
mortals." And when a masterful man
comes in sight maids had better look
the other way. What's the use of tak
ing chances on love at first sight.
Are Soldiers breat Smokers?
If recent statistics are to be relied
upon* the number of men —hleh placed
officers in both services who do not
smoke —would bear out the theory that
smoking is going out of fashion in the
British.army and navy- It appears
that the majority of naval officers are
content, like the French and Russians,
with an occasional cigarette. Of course,
there are exceptions. The army has no
officer who.Is a more inveterate smoker
than the late General Gordon, who
was .miserable unless he had an ample
supply of cigarettes. Thus among the
non-smokers we find Lord Roberts.
General MacKinnon, General | Sir Red
vers Bullers and General Gatacre.
**'■•■ ', '. : -. "*"
white sugar there are 4^ pounds of
nutriment, and in 5 pounds of beans
there are 4 pounds of nutriment.
WHY, OF. COURSE.
' Joaker— He ' says ; he fcan't stand up
and he, can't sit down. .. . .:
Kidder— If he»tells the truth-he lies.
Widow Worth
$15,000,000
Takes Husband
MRS. CHARLES SPRAGUE.
,«t-_ : *
AA KS. CHARLES SPRAGUE, widow
l"| of former Congressman Sprague,
I I was. married at Boston a few
days ago to E. D. Brandegee, a mer
chant of Utica, N. Y. The ceremony
was the important society event of the
season. Mrs. Sprague, who is a very
pretty young woman, has a fortune es
timated at $15,000,000. ~ - ■-
ENGLISH AS
SHE IS WRIT
flK? MAIDEN walked down a long
/i\ aisle
lf~~y> All dressed in the height of the
staisle.
But sad to relate
Her hat wasn't strate.
Which caused all the people to smaisle.
Another one sailed in a barque.
Alone with her beau after darque.
When asked why 'two so
She simply said: "Oh.
We find it a nice way to sparque."
But sad was the fate of this belle,
For into the water she felle.
Her beau couldn't swim —
She parted from him.
And all he could do was to yelle.
He started to row'for the shore,
But found he was minus an ore,
So out on the sea.
In danger was hea.
Where wildly the big billows rore.
And no one would rescue the beau.
For fear of the ocean, you kneau,
And so, it is said.
He'll stay till he's daid,
And down to the bottom he'll geau.
And down in the depths of the sea
The maiden he lost, it may bea.
He'll Hnd and they'll ride
Away on the tide, .
From mothers-in-law wholly frea.
— Chicago Chronicle.
A WORTHY PROJECT.
The San Francisco Call, always a
power for good in the State, has en
listed itself in the project of securing
for the rivers of California, especially
the Sacramento and San Joaquin, gov
ernmental aid to free the lands along
those waterways from annual. overflow
and consequent damage and loss of
crops.
The Call's project is a most com
mendable one. The Standard is heart
ily In accord with the efforts of The
Call in behalf of the great work it has
undertaken.— Eureka (Cal.) Standard.
"SEND FORTH THE ROSES"
We want to congratuate The Call
on its' proposition to distribute roses
among its subscribers and inserters of
small ads. They will gratify a craving
that is natural in a great many and
cultivate an esthetic sense^ in some
others. In this land of flowers no
present is more appropriate than a
flower plant. Send forth the roses so
that they may bloom!— Alameda
Ai gus.
HIS JOKE.
First ? comedian— You say you are
studying 1 two new parts. Ain't you
afraid overstu dy ? .
,'Second '/comedian— Sure not; you
see; I'm an understudy ? '
ANTHONY'S
TEMPTATION
BY CHANGING POLLOCK.
1 1 HAT Is it?" inquired Stella Mat-
I I thew, stopping in the middle
I I of her dishwashing and "The
lAfVj Good Old Summer Time."
' * "What is it? A check?"
Anthony, who had come to be known
in publishing circles as "Stella Mat
thew's husband," did not answer at
once. His face turned a shade redder
and he crammed the envelope which
the postman had given him into the
recesses of his inside pocket. Stella
flung down the dlshrag and thrust her
self Into the doorway between the
kitchen and the combination dining
room and library. "Did you get a
check?" she persisted.
"Do I ever get checks?" Anthony
returned savagely, yet with a no(e in
his voice that inspired pity. " 'Re
turned with thanks. Rejection does not
necessarily imply lack of merit'; that's
the sort of/ thing they send me. I wish
I knew what it is they like about your
stories."
"Why, nothing specially, dear," re
plied his wife. She wiped her arms on
her apron that she might put them
about his neck without soiling his shirt.
"Fou write ever so much better than I,
only I've been at it longer. You mustn't
get discouraged. You'll strike it in
time."
"Time! I've been at it two years.
No, Stella, I guess it's a city desk an*
twenty-five a week for mine for the
rest of my life. What's the odds, any
way?"
In the face of such hopelessness as
this Stella felt her presence worse than
useless. She put up her rosy lips to
be kissed, and went back to continue
her struggle with the coffee cups. She
had seen Anthony "dpwn" very often
of late, and she had recognized in this
heartsickness* the one malady of which
she might not even try to cure him.
Her attempts, indeed, seemed- only to
irritate and annoy the big, square
chinned fellow whose defeat was so
rriuch the harder for him to bear be
cause of her success.
Anthony loved his wife, as a great
many every-day men still do, in spite
of the quips and jests of the comic
papers. He had thought her the dain
tiest and brightest of little women
when he married her, and his greatest
delight had come with the contempla
tion of the things he would do for her
when he "cot there." That he would
trmmately. "get there" he had never
doubted. The newspaper on which he
worked had printed three or four of
his romances, and scores of his friends
had complimented him on their clever
ness. Surely, the magazines ought not
to be difficult after this.
As a matter of fact, they had proved
not only difficult, but impregnable.
Manuscript after manuscript was re
turned to him, alwavs "with thanks"
and a printed slip. Stella, on the other
hand, had received five dollars for
her very first story, a fable intended
for children, and had sold nearly
everything that had come from her
pen since. This had not been so
humiliating, for Anthony naturally
looked upon fairy tales with some
contempt, but lately. Stella had found
a steadv market for humorous verse,
and humorous verse her husband con
sidered his forte. The fact that he
was fond of her and wanted her to be
proud of him made her progress mere
ly the more a reprpach. It was he who
must be proud of her now — he. An
thony Matthew, six feet one in his
stockings. Somehow, those six feet
were the crowning aggravation.
There was no denying that, notwith
standing his superior height, Anthony
did not write half as well as Stella.
His work lacked the grace and point
of her's, and he conceded it. A bur
lesque sonnet which she had finished
the night before lay on the desk be
side a long envelope addressed to the
"Editor of The Decade." Anthony had
read the verse twice, and he knew that
it was better than anything he had
ever done. The Decade would print
it and the boys at the office woulc
say: "Saw a poem of your wife's this
morning. I should think you'd go in
for magazine work some yourself, old
man."
Stella's fresh young voice made it
self heard above the clatter of plates
in the room adjoining. "The Good
Old Summer Time" had given way to
"Bedalla." Anthony paused, holding
the manuscript, to listen.
Oh. Bedalia. 'Dalia, 'Dalia.
I've made up my mind to stale ye:
Oh. Bcdalla. Bedalia. dear.
Mere association \>t words shot a sud
den impulse into his brain. The sonnet
was in his hand?, the addressed enve
lope was before him: why shouldn't thi3
contribution go to The Decade over his
signature? Its appearance as his com
position would be in the nature of a tri
umph, and Anthony felt that he had
earned a triumph of one kind or an
other. "I saw a poem of yours," they
would be compelled to remark at the
office. And Stella? Why. Stella could
gain nothing by the use of her name
with the verse — nothing but a few dol
lars, which he could easily, make up to
her In allowance. Anyhow, Stella was
his wife, and what belonged to her be
longed to him. If she knew what he
was going to do she wouldn't care. She
would be glad that he had found a way
to be happy.
Anthony seized th© pen at his elbow
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
WEIGHT OF RUBBER— A. S., City.
One cubic foot of indiarubber weighs
flfty-six pounds.
WATER FOR A BOILER—Subscrib
er, City. To ascertain how much wa
ter is required for a bolier "add
15 to the pressure per square inch In
pounds on the boiler. Divide the sum
by 18, and multiply the quotient by .24.
The resulting product will be the num
ber of gallons of water required by the
boiler per horsepower per minute."
A HAIR TO CURE— W. F., Ala
meda, Cal. The expression. • "Take a
hair from the dogr that bit you, dry It,
put it into the wound and it,\^ill heal
it, be it never so sore," has been
traced to a "Receipt Book" published
in England ia 1670. When used fig
uratively it means: '"Take a glass on
rising of that which the -night before
produced 'such a^ headache In the
morning.' "
CASTLE GARDEN— R. D. W. f Va
caville, Cal. "Castle Garden," New
York, was originally a, fort which was
afterward transferred Into a summer
garden and from that it derives its
name.' It then became a place for
civic and military displays. In 1824,
when Lafayette revisited , America, he
was tendered a grand ball in Castle
and signed the poem in a firm, round
band. Then he folded the paper, placed
it in the enveloDe and sealed it. Stella
heard him open the door of the apart
ment and came out to ask where he
was going. "To mail your 'stuff* to The
Decade." he told her. "I'll be right
back."
: But he didn't come "right back."
"Why. Kiddie." she said,
"was it a check?"
Once the envelope had been dropped in
the box his guilt threw away its mask
and rose to face him. He realized as
suddenly as the temptation had come to
him that he was a thief. The paltry
excuses through which he had looked
at his act melted under the glaring eyes
of an accusing conscience, and he dared
not return to the tender gaze of his
wife. "Great heavens, what have I
done?" he asked himself as he stood at
the corner, and "What have I done?"
he kept repeating as the elevated hur
ried him along to his work.
All through the day new phases of his
plight persistently crowded into his
mind. "What if the editor of the Decade
recognized Stella's style in the sonnet
and wrote to ask questions? What if
he failed to keep her from seeeing the
especial number of the magazine In
which the poem was published? In
either of these events what would she
think of him? Would he lose her re
spect and her confidence altogether?
Anthony wiped the perspiration from
his brow at the thought. She might
even cease to love him. ;•"
It was a hard eight hours for the
city editor of the afternoon paper
which paid for the Matthews* liveli
hood. It was a harder evening: which
brought Stella's welcoming kisa and
her half-hurt inquiry.. "What took you
away so suddenly thig morning?" The
week that ensued was hardest of all.
He had become so morbid on the sub
ject of the sonnet that he was afraid
to take the one backward course that
suggested itself to him. that of writ
ing the editor that a mistake had been
made in the signature, lest that astute
gentleman should suspect the truth.
His eyes, formerly so frank and hon
est, rarely met those of his wife, who
soon discovered that something was
wrong.
On the Elevated station. one after
noon when he was going home An
thony saw the August number of ThF>
Decade. Only nine days had elapsed
since he had posted Stella's poem, yet
he looked through the magazine with
agonizing apprehension. % Suppose it
happened to have been used In that
issue? His hands were shaking when
he turned the last leaf and he felt a
hysterical longing to laugh or cry.
"This thing is playing the very devil
with me." he confessed to himself. "I
can't stand it much longer. I'm going
to tell Stella all about it."
He fullv Intended to do so when he
opened his door and saw the Jove and
solicitude in the face of the little wo
man who met him. "There's a letter
In the dining-room for you," she said.
"It's from The Decade. I didn't know
you sent them anything. You won't
let it make you blue, will you. dear?"
"No," said Anthony, shortly. He
strode into the dining-room and shut
the door behind him. It had come at
last. "What should he do with thf
money? Nothing in the world could
induce him to touch it. He wasn't
that kind of a thief.
A few minutes later Stella finally re
solved not to be angry at anything
Anthony did when he was so plainly
despondent, opened the door and
stared at him. "Why. Kiddie." sh*
said, "you look so happy. Was It a
check?"
"No," he replied exultantly, drop
ping on the floor the bits of paper ha
had held in hia hand. "No: A re
turned manuscript — thank 'God!"
(Copyright, 1904, by Channlng Pol-
Garden. President Jackson was pub
licly received there In 1S32. and Presi
dent Tyler was given a like reception
there in 1S43. After that it was con
verted into a concert hall, and it was
there that Jenny Und made her first
appearance. In 1S55 it was converted
into an Immigrant depot," and in 18TS
the original building was partially de
stroyed by fire. The present building
was erected shortly after that.
THE PRESIDENT'S. W. F.. An
napolis, Cak When the Electoral Col
lege meets for the purpose of declaring
the vote cast for President and Vice
President of the United States the ex
act number of votes will be announced
in The Call. About that time It is pos
sible that the exact majority of the
popular vote for Theodore Roosevelt
■will be announced. The number ot
electoral votes required by 'Roosevelt to
declare him elected is 233 out of 476.
Townsend's California Olace fruits la
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market sv*
This week best gold eyeglasses, specs,
20c to 50c (sold In store $3-$4).at 79 4th.
front of celebrated Oyster Restaurant. •
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's)/ 30 Cali-
fornia street. Telephone Main 1043, » *NO CESSATION IN
SOCIAL WHIRL.
DANCING CLUBS ARE Ifl FULL SWING
. Many parties and affairs of pleasure
have marked the week, although a re
action from the extra pressure of the
preceding week was to be expected.
The coming days promise festivity
along with the many preparations for
ihe yuletide, so fast approaching.
EXG AGEM EXTS.
Mr. and Mrs. Robert Robertson an
nounce the engagement cf their daugh
ter Annetia to William Scaalin. The
t* edding w!U take place during the holi
days. Mr. and Mrs. Scanlin leaving im
ynediate'y after the rereraony for their
Suture home In New York.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Cesarine Robin and E. J. Dupuy, pro
fessor at the Girls* High School. A re
ception will be held in honor of the
event at the home of Mrs. A. Robin,
440 Capp street, on Sunday, December
18, from 2 to 5 o'clock.
. Mr. and Mrs. A. Bettmaim announce
the engagement of their daughter Ber
tha to Robert Lindenstadt.
• Mr. and Mrs. William Saalburg an
nounce the engagement of their daugh
ter Dora to Lieon Honigsberger of San
Francisco.
WFDDIXfiS.
The wedding of Miss Anna Beier and
C. T. Kornbeck took place one evening
last week at the California Hotel. The
ceremony was performed by the Rev.
Ot Groensberg: of the Danish Lutheran
Church. The bride was attended by
Mies Emma Beier of Alameda. N. M.
■Peter-sen served as best man. The
bridal gown was of white crepe de
chine and silk. After a wedding trip
Mr. and Mrs. Hornbeck will live at 1947
Golden Gate avenue.
A weddir.fr which occurred last week
was that of Miss Carrie Salts and
Frank E. Aiken, both of San Francisco.
The ceremony was quietly held, and
a/ter it the young: people left for a
short trip. Upon their return they will
live at 16CW Haight street.
HOME r.\RTICS.
The friends of Mrs. De Costa gave
her a partv last week on the occasion
of her eighty-third birthday, at her
home, 1313 Green street. A very pleas-
ant evening was spent in music and !
i onversation, ihe guests unanimously
• xtending congratulation to Mrs. De
I Osta and wishing- for her many birtn
<isys.
Mr. and Mrs. William Lane were the
recipients of a surprise party given |
th<*m November 21, at their home, 79 j
South Park, by Mrs. Abraham Gonza- '
I*=-s and Mrs. J. Steffins. Dancing was !
the chief pastime. Those who took j
part in the pleasant affair were Miss |
Mary KoJb. Miss Amelia Gonzaies, Mrs. |
A. Olmos, Mr. and Mrs. Koch, Mr. and
Mrs. Llpari, Joseph Steffins, Abraham
• Jonzales. Albert Olmos. Rudolf Koch,
Milton Koch. J. Robinson.
Mrs. William Ede entertained 125
guests at five hundred. Saturday after
noon, in honor of her sister. Miss Helen
Anderson and Miss Belle Knox, brides
to-be, and Mrs. James Levensaler, a j
recent bride.
ilr. and Mrs. R. Brown announce the I
f •'•nfirmation of their son. Solomon, at I
the Geary street Temple Saturday.
December 10. A reception will be held
on Sunday, the 11th. from 2 to 5
■ •clock at the home. 216 Grove street.
Mr. and Mrs. "William Oechslein
relebrated the thirtieth anniversary of
their wedding, last week at their home,
2004 Union street. The house was dec
orated in chrysanthemums and a
large number of friends attended to ex
tend congratulations. Mr. and Mrs.
r>echslein were assisted in receiving by
Their daughter. Mrs. Ixmis Betz.
CLUB PARTIES
Mi?s Helen Green entertained the
members of the T. A. P. Club at her
home. 1ST2 Fell street, on November 26.
Nearly a hundred guests were present.
Among the receiving party were: Miss
<ireen. Miss Hazel Co-Inan, Miss Edith
Loewenthal. Miss Leoni McColgan,
MLss Ethel Northon. Miss Clara Schord.
Miss Nellie Sullivan. Miss Alma B.
Tobin. Miss Carrie Winter.
Some of the pupils of the San Fran
cisco Conservatory of Music gave a
<*mc«?rt in Alhambra Theater last
■Wednesday evening. Among those who
took part were: Mrs. Leonora Greven,
Miss Estelle Grey, Miss Maud Crabtree,
Mrs. E. Paillet. Miss Bessie Beatty,
M'.ss Lillian Beanston, Miss Grace
'"ran*. Miss Winnie Valor. Miss
Beatrice Wornes. William R. Beatty.
I'KRSOXALS.
Miss Mary Foster, daughter of Mr.
end Mrs. A. W. Foster of San Rafael,
SCOTT'S EMULSION.
HAPPY CHILDHOOD.
Ri£ht FVxxl Makes liapny Children
Because They Are Healthy.
Sometimes milk does not agree v.ith
children or adults. The same thing is
true of other articles of food. What
agrees with one sometimes does not
apree -with others. #
But food can be so prepared that ft
■will agi^e with the weakest stomach.
As an illustration— any one. no matter
nov.- weak the Ktomach, can eat. relish
and digest a nice hot cup of Postum
coffee with a spoonful or two of Grape-
ry uts poured in. and such a combina-
tion contains nourishment to carry one
a number of hours, for almost every
particle cf it will be digested and taken
up by the system and be made use of.
A lady writes from the land of the
magnolia and the mocking bird way
Cov.n in Alabama and says: "1 was led
to drink Postum l>eoause coffee gave
me sour stomach and made me nerv-
ous. Again Postum was recommended
_?£___ * dl :— ow n Physicians for my
for%i\eiTmV^r ec^ yer&teiui
-Milk does not a-rree with either child.
fo to the eldest, aged f our and one-half
ye_-s, I give Postum with plenty of
sweet cream. It agrees with her splen-
didly, regulating her bowels perfectly
although she is of a constipated habit. ' '
lor the youngest. a K ed two and ono-
half years. I use one-half Postum and
one-half skimmed milk. 1 have not
Riven any medicine cince the children
b^^an using Postum, and they enlov
every drop of it.
"A neighbor of mine is giving Postum
to her baby, lately. weaned, with splen
did result*. The little fellow is thriving
famously." Name given by Postum Co
Battle Creek, Mich. "
Postum agrees perfectly with children
and supplies adults with the hot. invlg-
rtratlng beverage in" place of coffee
laterally thousands of Americans have
been helped out of stomach and nerv-
ous diseases by leaving off coffee and
using Postum Food Coffee. Look In
pV.g. fnr the little book, 'The Road to
TWUville.**
has returned home from St. Louis and
other Eastern cities.
Mrs. Sidney B. Cushlngr has returned
fn.-m the Exposition.
Mr. and Mrs. George E. Butler of
Hofs Valley have returned from a trip
to Boston.
Miss Mabel and Miss Gertrude Thay
or have returned to their San Rafael
home after a delightful three months*
visit to Hawaii, where they were ex
tensively entertained and saw a great
deal of that country.
Mr. and Mrs. William Babcock have
returned to San Rafael after an East
ern visit.
Mrs. George Appell will be at home
an first and third Wednesdays, at 91
Central avenue.
Mr. and Mrs. Batchdor, with their
daughter. Miss Rosy Batchelor, have
taken apartments at the Luxor, 857
Sutter street.
Miss Xellie B. Waters, -with her
cousin. Miss Addle V. Peralta, has re
turned from a trip through the East.
Mrs. George W. Bishop, who has been
visiting relatives In Seattle for the last
three months, has returned 'and will
reside in Oakland through the winter.
I. Prayer, who has been traveling
through Austria. Holland and Belgium,
has arrived in London.
Mrs. L. Raschen has returned from
her European trip and will be at home
on Wednesday of this week, 1S21 San
Antonio avenue. Alameda.
FEWER ALIENS
ENTER COUNTRY
Report Shows Falling Off
of Forty-Six Thousand Im
migrants During the Year
WASHINGTON, Dec. 4.— Immigration
to the United States decreased mate
rially during the last fiscal year, and
It Is a notable fact that the moral. In
tellectual and physical qualifications
of the immigrants admitted to this
country during the past year are high
er than ever before. These are two sa
lient features of the annual report of
Frank P. Sargent, Commissioner-Gen
eral of Immigration, which was made
public to-day.
During the past fiscal year 812,870
aliens arrived in the United States, of
whom 543,100 were males and 263,770 fe
males, an increase in females, as com
pared with last year, of 19.S70, and a
decrease ' in males of 64,046. Of the
total number 3,953 could read, but not
write, 168,903 could neither read nor
write, and it is presumed the remain
der, 640,014, could both read and write;
95,575 brought with them $50 or more
each and 501,530 brought each less than
$30. The total amount of money shown
to officers' by these 812,870 aliens was
$20,S94,883. or J4.776.S76 more than was
brought by the 857,046 arrivals of last
year.
At the various sea ports 8,994 aliens
were excluded during the year, 4,798
being paupers, 1,660 diseased, 35 con
victs and 1,501 contract laborers.
"It is interesting," says Sargent, "as
bearing on the attempts on the part of
contractors in this country to evade the
alien labor law to note that, despite
the diminution of immigration, there
was an increase of 415 in the number
rejected as alien contract laborers. This
is a much larger number than has ever
before been refused admission to the
United States in any one fiscal year."
Of the aggregate steerage immigra
tion 767,933 came from Europe, 26,186
from Asia and 18,751 from all other
countries. The greatest number, of
immigrants from one country, 193.236,
came from Italy, a decrease of 37,376
from last year; 145,141 from Russia,
46.3S0 from Germany, an Increase of
6294; 98.626 from England, an increase
of 12.407; 36,142 from Ireland., an in
crease of 832; 27,763 from Sweden, a
decrease of 18.265; 23.80S from Norway,
a decrease of 653; 11,343 from Greece, a
decrease of 2747, and 11,092 from Scot
land, an increase of 4949. Of the Ori
ental countries Japan furnished the
greatest number of immigrants, 14,264,
a decrease of 5780; while China supplied
4309, an Increase of 2100.
It Is noted In the report that more
than half of the total immigration, or
421.844, was supplied by the Italian,
Polish, Slavik and Magyar races.
Commissioner Sargent says that the
cause of violations and attempted vio
lations of the alien contract labor law
is the employer of such labor in this
country. To DUt an end to such of r
fenses It is necessary for the law to
reach such employers and by sufficient
punishment, more potent than the mere
expulsion or deportation of the aliens
induced by them to emigrate hither, to
deter them from such practices.
Concerning the persistence with which
some of the steamship companies bring
diseased aliens into the country, the
Commissioner says this feature "has
given the bureau more concern than
any other because of Its importance as
affecting the health, or even the life
possibly, J of citizens of this country
and because of the apparent determina
tion to bring aliens suffering with com
municable diseases upon the chance of
the latter being able to effect an en
trance. That the law Is being defied by
some of the companies is plain from the
fact that 1660 alien passengers thus af
flicted were refused admission during
the year."
Comparatively little difficulty has
been experienced during the year in the
enforcement of the Chinese exclusion
act, although about the usual number
of cases has been handled.
Commissioner Sargent says "that par
amount in importance, to all other legis
lation In regard to alien immigration
the bureau considers some adequate
measure for the distribution of aliens
who are admitted to this country."
Crap Players Outwit Officer.
It was the Intention of Policeman
H. E. Xolan to bag at least an arm
full of young street arabs whom he
saw shooting craps on Minna street
yesterday. Having laid his plans he
made a dash into the bunch, but the
young scamps ran away. Just as No
lan was approaching- a lamp-post he
received a shove from a youngster
which sent him against the post, jar
ring him sufficiently to cause him to
visit the Emergency Hospital for con
cussions and contusions.
LECTURE BY D. C. COPLEY.— A lecture
was delivered at the Alhambra Theater last
nlrht by D. C. Copley : of the executive board
of the Western Federation of . Miners in aid
of the wives and children of the- Crtw><« Creek
dexiort*d miners. •' -^■BBBflBHHH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. MONDAY, DECEMBER 5. 1904.
DO YOUR SHOPPING
FOR CHRISTMAS NOW
WOMEN ARE URGED BY
CONSUMERS' LEAGUE
MOVEMENT SHOULD BE UPHELD
BY JiAURA BRIDE POWERS.
Women of San Francisco who. have
hearts and heads In their make-up are
thus sensibly and forcibly addressed
by the 'Consumers' League: •
Do your Christmas shopping early. '
Don't leave it until the week before
Chrlstrras.
Don't ehcp after 5 o'clock.
Don't nhop on Christmas eve!
l->o this to v lighten tho labor of women and
children employed In thp stores.
So far so good.. But what's the mat
terter with complying with these ex
cellent precepts to lighten the .labors
of men, too? Aren't they included
among the bearers of burden amenable
to woe and weariness? Surely, the
Consumers' League didn't intend to
pass up the hundreds of faithful chaps
who serve us at the counters; but why
is it so many women are prone to prate
about women instead of about the.hu
man family, of men and women?
However, if the league's precepts
sink into the brain-cells of the Christ
mas shopper, and the lock is snapped
with the precepts within, the men will
benefit with the women and children.
This is unquestionably a splendid
movement — one of the best that women
have inaugurated since the establish
ment of the Juvenile Court and the
enforcement of the compulsory edu
cational law. i
Clubwomen, would it not be a
worthy demonstration of our united
intelligence to make this appeal a per
sonal issue? There are, 8000 clubwom
en in San Francisco. If those 8000
women adopted these good resolutions
what a splendid wedge it would be for
a permanent reform in the matter of
mad Christmas shopping!
Begin to-dav, madam — and you'll
make better bargains. There's a lure
to help you.
The following self-explanatory com
munication has been sent from the
Woman's Club of San Rafael, where at
last the people have awakened to the
civic crime to which thev are acces
sories—that of obliterating and permit
ting to be forgot the honorable history
In which San Rafael played a part:
Be it known that of all relics and landmarks
of early days in the history of San Rafael and
Marin County there is nothing left but seven
pear trees fJlanted by the mission fathers as
far back as 1S17, and these seven pear tree*
are now bearing fruit.
The description of the land upon which are
planted these trees is as follows: Lot of land
situated on the southeast corner of Fifth ave
nue and Lootens place in the city of San Ra
fael, and containing about a half acre, now the
pror>erty of Robert Colemau. the son of the late
William T. CCleman.
This piece of land with the pear trees should
be purchased and Improved and preserved to
the State and public as a memento of the early
days of California.
It is a fact well known that San Rafa«l has
no plaza or public square, or playground for the
children, and this half acre could be converted
Into recreation grounds for young people and
the public generally.
Now, here's a place for philanthropic
dollars. Are there no patriots or phil
anthropists in San Rafael who will
save these historic old trees that mark
one of the most pictuesque periods of
Western history?
And then, see what a commercial ad
vantage it would be to have these trees
preserved for "tourist use." Perhaps
the commercialism of the project may
help the cause.
The California Club. Mrs. Aylett R.
Cotton president, presents an inter
esting programme for December, as
follows:
Tuesday, December 6, 2:30 p. m. — Reports
from delegates to the biennial; "Elfln Songs of
Sunland," Charles Keeler.
Tuesday, December 20 — Programme In charge
of department of education, Mme. Emilia To-
Jettl, chairman. "For a Bird Day Annual in
Our School*" Mrs. Alice L. Park; talk, "Our
Birds and STeeds of Protective Legislation,"
Miss Bertha Chapman.
Tuesday. December 27 — Founders' day.
Breakfast at Pioneer Hall.
Department and section meetings — Directors'
meeting:, Monday, December 5, 10 a. m.; Spanish
section, Monday, December 5, S p. m. ; parlia
mentary section, Tuesday, December 6. 1:30
p. m.: literature section, Thursday, December
8, 3:30 p. m.-; whist section, Friday, December
9, 10 a. m. : music section, Friday, December
0, 3 p. m.; Spanish section. Monday. December
12, 3 p. m. : department of civics, Wednesday,
December 14, 10:15 a. m.; art section, Wednes
day. December 14, 3 p. m. ; French section will
meet at the residence of the leader, Mroe. Ma
thilde Grothwell, 1836, Ellis street, Thursday,
December 15, 2 p. m. : current topics section,
Thursday, December 15, 3:30 p. m.; whist sec
tion, Friday, December 16, 10 a. m.; traveling
library section, Friday, December 16, 10 a. m.;
department of social science, Friday, December
16, 2 p. m. : directors' meeting, Monday, De
cember 19, 10 a. m. : Spanish section, Monda>."
December 19. 3 p. m.; parliamentary section.
Tuesday, December 20, 1:30 p. m. : literature
section, Thursday. December 22, 3:30 p. m. ;
whist section. Friday, December 23. 10 a. m.;
music section, Friday, December 23, 3 p. m.
That breakfast at Pioneer Hall— in
celebration of Founders' day — promises
to be good fun— that Is, if the plan of
eliminating sanctimonious, encycloped
ic toasts be followed— and 'tis whisp
ered that- is to be done. There will be
no guests at the function, so it will* be
a joyful family gathering, and all will
be merry as- a marriage-bell.
On Friday and Saturday -afternoons,
December 9 and 10, the California Club
will foregather at the Alhambra Thea
ter to witness a clever performance by
100 little children, whose '.'stunt" i is to
be under the club's auspices.
Through the kindness of Major Peix
otto, the Columbia Park boys will drill
as "Boy Blue Soldiers." Tickets can be
obtained at the club rooms and ex
changed at Sherman. Clay & Co's., or
at Alhambra Theater on or alter to
day. Box seats. 75c: loge seats, $1;
reserved, seats. 50c and 25c."
It is believed that a fine contingent of
the Junior members of the California
Club will give the little lads of Major
Peixotto's a warm welcome. They de
serve it. . .
* • *
This afternoon the Alden Club of the
International Sunshine Society will
hold a special meeting to plan for the
Christmas work. ./This branch of Sun
shine devotes its efforts to individual
families not reached by -any of the
charities and. the amount of good cheer
scattered by these young women is well
known. At this meeting the. club
will have" the honor of entertaining
Miss A: W. . Alden of Boston, one of
the celebrated Alden family.". It. was
in honor. of Mrs. Westover Alden, the
president general of the society,, that
thevAlden Club was named.
Two new members will be welcomed
into the , club, . Miss Linda ■ Priber and
Miss Mellta-de'Freniere. ' V
Admission to the club'is only by. In
vitation. Officers and members _ are:
President, Miss Jean Pedler; honorary
president and founder. Miss • Mabel
Adams Ayer; vice president. Miss Ab
bic Edwards; correspondons secretary.
Miss Jessica Blake; recording secre
tary. Miss Florence Benjamin ; ; business
secretary. Miss Meta'Stofen; Miss Vir- ;
ginia. Dare, treasurer; ' Miss Sadie
Fritch, Miss Cecile Rogers, Margaret
Rogers, Elizabeth Edwards, Jennie Mc-
Farland,* Elsie Young, Marie Dener
vaud, Genevieve Peel, Alice May, La- J
vinia Giesting, Xette Sexton, Mrs. j
Heinrich Homberger. j
These good little women' of Sunshine
seem to have found time from sooth
ing the sorrows of the heavy-laden to !
listen to the whisperings of Cupid, for, i
behold, two of the maidens. Miss Jessi- I
ca Blake and Miss Grace "Whitney, .
have disclosed the sweet secret of their •
engagment. The chaps who have won !
them— or any Sunshine maid— are
mighty lucky. . -~
The P. ,C. W. P. A.. Mrs. Laura T.
Pinney president, held a session worth I
while last Monday, when the Interest- j
ing story of Mrs. Nellie Blessing Eys- '
ter, "The Chinese Quaker," was read, j
supplemented with a review by the
charming author. Mrs. Sarah Reamer —
a trump at story-telling— read some
interesting news of members and many
press notices concerning them, all of
which was intensely entertaining: to
such as were mentioned. As to those
forgot, well, 'twasn't so nice.
• • •
The Sequoia Club will have the honor •
of displaying in its clubroom in the i
St. Francis the miniatures of Mrs. Lil- I
lie V. O'Ryan, the exhibition opening ;
Tuesday night, when the club and its ■
guests will have a private view; dur- i
ing the week, the interested public will j
be welcome. Thus is the club of some I
"practical" use— thereby fulfilling the
ideals of the ogres who insist on seeing
something "practical" in everything i
even in a club fc-rmed for fun.
• • •
The Contemporary Club, Mrs. C. H.
Ward president, will have a musical ;
day on Monday next, at 223 Sutter j
street. The Contemporary is one of '
the large cultural clubs in town, and is j
growing in popularity and Influence
under the guidance of a very tactful
and charming president. The following
high-class musical programme willbe
presented:
Soprano solo, "La Serenata" . . .- T03U
Mrs. Louis Danhauser.
Violin solo ■ Saint Sans
Second movement from violin concerto, In
B minor,
H. M. Kennedy.
Barytone solo .. .Selected \
. Dr. J. A. Brown. |
Accompanist, J. H. Brenner. :
Piano solo -.. Chopin!
(a) "WaJtstcr," E minor.
tb) "Ballade," G minor.
Carlo Gentile.
Vocal solo, "Nocturne" ; Chadwlck I
Miss Alice Busch.
\ocal solo. "Sunset" ! Dudley Buck
■ Frank W. Thompson.
Accompanist J. II. . Brenner. i
Clarinet solo, "Caprice Militare" Terschak
C. A. Neal.
Accompanist. J. H.; Brenner.
Alto solo, "Stella" .. .Faure
Mrs. Emilie Parent.
Violin solo.- "Spanish Dance — "Romanza
Andaluza" . ...-.►...'.•..... Sarasate
• . H. M. Kennefly.; ,
Piano solo — ; '■■■■:. ■ • J _--. v-_-.; ,,, -
(a) "Serenade"-' : Ttrl-KTr. }&v7! . .". .tCToridia
tb) "Rhapsodie. No, 10". rr."..., ..*. . .-..Llgzt
- ••• Carlo Gentile.
Contralto solo. "Good-by" ....'.... To=t!
• Mrs. E. W. E. Stringer. ,
Vocal solo, "Cradle Song"....: De Koven
j Miss Alice Busch. I
The, Forum Club, Mrs. Frank Fred- [
ericks president, is still agog over its
smart function of last Wednesday. And \
well may the members .congratulate!
themselves upon their rationality In not!
inflicting a programme upon their de- [
fenseless guests— a thing devoutly to be
sued for elsewhere, not only in club- j
dom, but in society as well. It is the
only hope for the English tongue. The I
set programme has almost excluded
conversation from polite circles— fixed r
programmes and cards. Then let the
Forum's precedent, be writ in the book'
of good examples, ' and oft be quoted. !
The Forum presents the following in- :
teresting programme for the current
month:
Wednesday, December 7, 2 p. m.—Cur
rent topic day, subject, "Chirography,
With Demonstrations." Leader. Mrs.
F. M. Wright.
Wednesday, December 14, 2:30 p. m.—
Lecture, "William Morris, Artist, Poet
and Socialist," Miss Anna Strunsky;
vocal selections, Amon C. Cain.
Wednesday, December 21, 2:30 p. m.
Current topic day/ debate, "Resolved.
That the so-called 'yellow peril' is a
myth." Leader, Mrs. F. M. Wright.
Wednesday, December 28, 8 to 11 p.
m.— Club jinks, given by the president!
After 10:30 p. m. gentlemen will be ad
mitted. 1
Now, that "Jinks" promises to be a
Jinks— not a funeral, as some misguided
men are led to believe. If the men are
good they will be let in to take a peek
at a jinks of the feminine gender. Truth
to tell, I've never seen one, but the
Papyrus Club held one last year to
which the men were bidden, and loud
and long were the praises sung by the '
men- folk of this feast of song and 1
story. There was beer and skittles, »
frankfurters and pumpernickel— just '
the kind men's jinks provide, a differ
ence perhaps arising in the quantity
rather than the type of refreshment.
■* • * »
" The subject of school gardens, as
well as flowers and lawns, for all pub
lic buildings, where ground space per
mits, is receiving renewed attention
from the Outdoor Art League. The j
members feel gratified with the out- '
door improvement at the Phelan I
branch library on Fourth and Clara !
streets and in front of branch No. 6 j
on Sacramento street, near Webster. '
Thes&'improvements were made" possi- i
ble through the assistance of Superin
tendent McLaren of Golden Gate Park, j
Flowers from the same source were '
furnished the Rlncon and Lafayette j
grammar schools, and the cultivation
In the yards of these two buildings has
proved so successful- that similar work !
will be given to other schoolyards.
The league has had this particular j
work in hand for. over two years and;
the members are gratified to know that
it has so broadened out .that other
cities of the country nre now being
benefited along the same line.
The American Civic Association of
Philadelphia has advised the Outdoor
Art League that a national campaign
has been begun, I having for its object
not only the adornment of schoolyards,
but the * instruction r of school children
In caring for. the flowers and in gar
dening generally. In this city the
league earnestly hopes for. the co-oper
ation ■ of -school teachers in furthering
this work, in order that the effort may
result in San Francisco having the
most .beautiful school gardens in the
country. V;. ; .
The league intends to renew its-ef
forts for, the enforcement of the ordi
nance regulating the height of bill
boards throughout the city. As many
of these unsightly boards are from
twenty , to -.twenty- five feet in height
their* maintenance is not- only a viola
tion i of ; the ordinance of the Board of
Supervisors,. which permits a maximum
height :of, ten feet,, but a constant
REMARKABLE
GUSH OF OIL
Top of Derrick Over Well
Near Santa Maria Struck
by a Stream of Petroleum
ALL KECOKDS BROKEN
Flow, Which Is Estimated at
15,000 Barrels a Day, Is
Greatest Known in State
SANTA MARIA, Dec. 4.— A local oil
company has struck a gusher which is
the greatest in the history of the
State'sNoil fields. It is estimated that
15,000 barrels a day^ are flowing from
the well in four streams, each two feet
in width and one foot in depth. An 13
inch ' stream strikes the top of the
derrick with tremendous \ force, and
then breaks into spray, filling the air
for a quarter of a mile around.
A force of men is making dams to
confine the flow of oil. Four dams
have been made between the well and
the town of Orcutt. There are no
signs of the streams abating. The wVll
is on the Hartnell estate, west of
Brookshire.
IRON STATUE OP VULCAN"
S. MAY GUARD THE HARBOR
Massive Figure at Birmingham, Ala
bama, May be Purchased by
San Franciscans.
A massive iron statue of Vulcan
may be erected at the entrance to the
Golden Gate. The statue is now
owned by the Commercial Club of
Birmingham, Ala. It 'formed a strik
ing feature of the Alabama exhibit at
the World's Fair.
Wealthy Californlans who saw it at
the exposition have made overtures
for the purchase of the figure, and the
club will sell if the offer is satisfac
tory to- the members. The intention
of the purchasers is to make Vulcan
occupy a similar position in this har
bor to that held by Bartholdi's Statue
of Liberty In New York Bay. The
statue of Vulcan stands fifty-six feet
high and weighs 100,000 pounds.
Now for the Rush.
To-day, 10 a.' nt:, will commence the $35,000
creditors' sale of Baron's fine cloaks and
suits, 762 Market street, by order of E. Han
son, ■ Assignee. • ':-'*j>
African Prince Swallows Nail.
James Jackson, who says he is the
son of the King of West Africa, and
who is a black as coal, presented him
self to Dr. Stevens at the Emergency
Hospital yesterday forenoon, with the
modest request that . a nail be ex
tracted from his stomach. In ex
planation of how the Prince came' to
get the nail into his- stomach, his
Royal Highness stated that he was
doing some carpenter work in his
room at the Louisville House, when he
placed some nails in his mouth. One
slipped down, into , his. stomach. Soft
food will bevtlJeiParln'c&'snbill.of fare
for the next v ten days 'if !" he follows
the advice of Dr. Stevens.
' CATALOGUES* and CART CARDS. — Gabriel
Printing ■ Co." print ' anything- 419 Sacramento. •
menace to. the lives of people walking
on the streets. The municipal ordi
nance was enacted some years ago, and
the time within which the objectiona
ble structures were to be removed ex
pired last January.
' Mrs. ' E. P. Schell, as chairman of
the special committee on billboards,
has • ftled a protest with the Board of
Supervisors directing attention to cer
tain designated billboards-
!• BHE pjS«BaBB^B^f_B_S__3»a_|_________i
COMPANY
GROCERS
Tel. Howard 1986.
110 FOURTH STREET
It will pay you to watch our specials
and anticipate your wants. Our goods
are sold with a guarantee. We aim to
please.
Pure leaf I*rd — F. F. C. brand, 3-lb.
I can • 25c
While they last Never sold for less'
than 40c.
4 cans Excelsior Cream 25o
"Large cans. Reg. 10c can.
Curtice Bros. 1 Jelly — 16-oz. Jar .15o
Reg. 25c.
arlffln's Extra Pure Marmalade— 16-oz.
jar 15o
j Others charge 25c.
1 6 lbs. Popcorn
| Seeded Raisins— Package 5c
Choice Creamery Butter — Per square..30c
1% lbs. Reg. 35c.
Postum Cereal— Per package 2Oo
Reg. 25c. /■_
Home-Made Mtnce Meat — Per lb 10c
Crosse ft Blackwell's Sweet Pickles — Jar
• 15o
Best Maine . Corn — Snqw Flake brand. 2
cans r
Good English Breakfast Tea— Pound..2Oo
j Reg. SOc.
t Ohirardelli's Chocolate— Can 25c
i Reg. 30c.
* 10 lbs. Good Santa Clara Prunes 25c
! Manle Syrup, Tobog-ffan — Can 20c
j Reg. 25c.
: Red Salmon — Per can 10c
There's Only One Way to
Get the Best of Whisky
And that is to let it alone. If you try
any other way It will get the best of
you. If you can't let it alone you need
Dr. McKanna's treatment. Dr. McKan-
na cures the liquor habit by destroying
the desire -• for liquor . and putting the
system in its natural condition, where
liquor is not needed to help the machin-
ery of the body. -to do its work. Dr.
McKanna effects a complete cure in three
days without the use of dangerous hy-
podermics, annoying confinement or bad
after effects. ■■ Dr. McKanna's treatment
is absolutely safe and 'cannot harm the
most delicate constitution. Why waste
time and money in drinking whisky
when you can be cured of the liquor
habit in three days ' with ■ no chance of i
failure, no risk and no unpleasantness?!
Think it over and call or write Dr. Me- !
Kannan for full information. Address 14
Geary street, San Francisco. Cal. Phona
1037 Main. - „ . ' :
Always Remember ' Che EpU Ji gme
j gax-tive Rronio KjH2_i&9
Core»aCoWsnOn8Day,Cr{pni2Dayt
Aj^SroiEXTS.
Monster New Show
MISS MARY SHAW & GO.,
Dillon Brothers: Howard's Comedy Dots
and Ponies; Marvelous Prank and lilt- '
tie Bob; Phyllis Allen: Sam Elton: Le-
Koy and Bled; The Jossella Trio; '
Clement de lion, and Orpheuzn Motion !
Pictures.
KeguUr Matinees Every Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday.
Prices— 10c. 25c and SOc '
■■B_B_______B________a !
fORPHEUMf
g SPECIAL g
_ FRIDAY AFTERNOON. Dec 9. gj
EJ At 1 o'clock rharp, q
g SIXTH ANNUAL BENEFIT 9
S Under tha Auspices of th« ™
■ Associated Theatrical Managers ■!
E OF SAN FRANCISCO a ']
6j In Aid of Their S3
I CHARITY FUNDS
■ Devoted to the Relief of th» Sick and f
S Needy of tha Profession. •**
sj Monster Continuous Performance _
ra Talent from Columbia Theater, Grand _
■™ Opera-house, California Theater. Or- _
pheum. Alcazar, Tivoll Opera-house, g
m Central Theater, Chutes. U
■ Tickets now on sala at the box of- ■
B£ flees of above theaters. , _
■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■_
GPEBAf 1Y0U HOUSE
2nd WEEK OF
THE BIGGEST COMIC
OPEItA SUCCESS
. KING
SEATS ALWAYS SE1X.INO.
nEGULAR MATINEE SATURDAY.
S CALIFORNIA^
IAI_. THIS WEEK.
BANFORD B. RICABY Presents tha
WH.LXAU H. WEST BIO
MINST3EI. JTTBIIiEE~...
Featuring the Superb Scenic Singing
Sensation.
FREDERICK V. BOWERS, for the
past twenty-six weeks the star feature
of Klralfy's Immense Louisiana Pur-
chase Spectacle at the St. Louis Ex-
position.
TOM MACK, the Famous New York
Monologlst.
KARTELLI, King of all Slack Wire
Performers.
Next Sunday Night — ROSE MEL-
VILLE. the original "SIS HOPKINS." jj
(Absolutely Fireproof.)
H. W. BISHOP Lessee and Manager
TO-NIGHT p i R lSS B TO-NIGHT
Oliver Morosco Offers
HOWARD GOULD— J. H. GILMOUR
And the Majestic Theater Company in that
Great American Political Comedy,
THE SENATOR
TUESDAY NIGHT— BENEFIT BOARD OF
RELIEF, N. D. G. W.
WEDNESDAY NIGHT— Benefit San Francisco
<- COMMERCIAL TRAVELERS" ASSN.
Matinee Thursday and Saturday.
ALCAZAR B '~T
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— MATS. SAT. AND SUN.
The Delightful Comedy,
The Professor's
Love Story
Written by J. M. Barrie, author of "Tha
Little Minister," and starred In with great
success by tha eminent English actor, E. R.
Wlllard. Its first stock production.
Evgs.. 25c to 75c. Mats.. Sat. & Sun., 25c to SOc
Next Monday — Mrs. Flake's First Success,
CAPRICE
CENTRALS
Market St.. near Eighth. Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT— ALL WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Jacob Iiitt's 125.000 production of the greatest
melodrama ever written,
THE SUBURBAN
_«-, The race track and six horses.
CCU Well-known local jockeys.
-The lime kiln.
±**** J The sea wall.
Positively the most pretentious ever made on
any stace!
HORSES DASH ACROSS THE STAGE AT
FULL SPEED 1 .!
Prices — Ev». /10c to 60c Mats. 10c, 15c, 25c
NEXT— "LOST IN SIBERIA."
_f_^^^^^^i!iy^;yy^/J_r
TONY LUBELSKI. General Manager.
GET THE SURPRISE OF YOUR LIFE.
Come this afternoon or to-night.
See the remarkable new bill of Ten Greatest
Headllners.
SO WONDERFUL— SO POWERFUL.
Too much so to enumerata here.
PEOPLE'S
OPULAR
RICES
10c and SOc — No Higher.
Greatest vaudeville performance for tha
prices in tha world. Children to any part of
the theater,. lUc.
performance every afternoon at 2:30; every
evening at 7:&0 and 0; continuous Saturday
and Sunday matinees from 2 to 5; continuous
Saturday and Sunday evenings from 7 to 11.
Startling, new European >. moving pictures.
Bad! jfi& Racing!
■■■^''^mT Jockef
California y@J Club
OAXLAKD TBACZ.
Commencing SATURDAY. November 12.
Racing every week day. rain or shine.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
For special trains stopping at tha track taka
B. P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12 :CV.
12:30. 1:00. 1:30 or 2:00. Returning train*
leave tha track at 4:10 and 4:45 p. m. and Im-
mediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
PERCY. W. TREAT. Secretary.
fee«i $1.00 w Year
v^9a-Uagg_ll5l li^iYj m&
T ACT Slx Nishts.
j ./IS ! Wl«t. Sat.. . ,
.*—^"■»»-J -*- Time* bat. Night
- Charles B. Dlllinsham Presents
MAXINE
ELLIOTT
In the Clyde Fitch Comedy.
HER OWINWAY
Comreencins NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT
The Musical Ccnledy Success.
U A CH _a_SS — 03TEY MOOH"
GRAND SSSi§
Matinee* S.itunlay anil Pun_y i
THIS WEEK AND NUXT S
_Si_ "Befo' the King," Edward VII
Bnckinsham Palaco. June CT 1903.
THE ROYAL COMEPIAN3,
WILLIAMS
A_>WALKER
And Their Company of Colored Artists
 IN pAHOMEY i
Curtain Rises at 8 o'clock. |
_____ N
A Svlendld Snow Every Afternoon uaA
Evenlasr in tne Theater.
DON'T FAIL TO SEB.'V.. ,
THE JOHNSTOWN FLOOD,
THE REIGNING SENSATION OF CONEY
ISLAND and the WORLD" S FAIR.
A NEVER TO BE FORGOTTEN SPECTACLE
Amateur ' Niarht and Electric rountata
Thursday.
ADMISSION 10c [ CHILDREN -5o
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
HAMBURG BREMEN
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HAMBURG. IN THE EMPIRE OJ* OCR.
many, on the 31st day of December. A. L>.
1903. and for the year ending on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of tha
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of Sections B10 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
find Bonds owned by Company $1,622,044 23
Cash In Banks 58,477 33
Premiums In due Coursa of Csllec-
. tlon 153.634 31
Total Assets fl.S34.177 05
LIABILITIES. :V . .V
Lcsses adjusted and unpaid (13,113 04
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 68.933 CO
Losses resisted. Including expenses. 17,500 CO
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- .
nlng one year or less. (1.301.-
138 S3; reinsurance SO per cent. 830,379 43
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $1.2.\W,-
149 83; reinsurance pro rat a.... 642.303 83
j Total Liabilities .$1.337. 433 23
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for
Fire premiums $1,697,431 W
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans and
from all other sources 33,370 fi 1
Total Income |l,?u6.001 90
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including- $73,374 19. losses of
previous years) $533.3tS 03
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage S53.710 59
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges fcr officers, clerks, etc. 131,231 31
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 39.343 01
All other payments and expendi-
ture* 106.684 33
Total Expenditures $1,436 763 3S
Looses Incurred during tha year... $850.233 83
Risks and Premiums. Firs Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $ltt.4S«.O17 $2,049,23133
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 133.792.401 1.S34.231 9*
Net amount In force
December 31. 1003. 197.674.633 -.337.308 6a
F. O. AFFELD. U. 8. Manager.
Subscribed ami sworn to before ma, t_s
23d day of January. 1904.
CHARLES EDGAR MILLS,
Commissioner of Deeds for Cal ifornia la New
York.
RUDOLPH HEROLD Jr., General Agent.
HARRY C. BOYD, Ass't Gen'l Agent.
415 CALIFORNIA ST.,
San Francisco* Cal.
/AH Perfect Flttlnfj f*^ i
w Eyeglasses c#
-jAi Moderate Cost (V
Pfliarp D0NT FAIL T0
I d Id WC 8ee the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
flfifl room, the EMPIRE
ailu parlor, the
r 1 PALM ROOM, the
llfflflQ LOUIS XVPAR.
D _ 1 WES* WRITING
j Hotels 1 £oom -
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTOaATTVE. LN^IGORA-
tor and Nervine.
Th« most wonderful aphrodisiac and Ep*clal
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexea.
The Mexican Remedy for Disease* of tha
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NABER ALFS & BRKNE. A.ent*.
• 82S Market St.. 8. F.— (Send for Circular-,)
IA/.T.HESS,
rrotars ' Puhlie and Attom«y-«t-— *w.
Tenth Floor. Room lul5. Clans Sprcc—u* bid*.
- Teleofeon* Main 833.
Residence. 1903 _X&_lU*t«r «.
lUsidane* T»les_a« Fm» M-U
78
A LITTLE WANT ADVCRTISEriENT PLACED IN. THESE
JOHN D. SI'KECKKLS Proprietor
Aduress Communications to
JOHN' SlcXAUGHT. . . . ._.^ JL - Manager
W. J. MAKT1X . . . Manager
TELEPHONE.
Mk. for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With the Department You Wish.
Publication Office Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson et.
delivered by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per Week. 75
Cte. Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cta.
Terms by Mail. Including Postage (Cash With
Order) : "
DAILY CALL (Includ. Sunday). 1 year... $8.00
PAILY CALL (includ. Sunday). 6 mos.... 4 00
DAILY CALL— By Single Month «*«
fl'NDAY CALL. 1 Year 2 - 5 j}
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year 1 °°
FORE1GV f Dally. . .$8.80 Per Year Extra
izT™ \ Sunday. 4.15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. [ weekly. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Sample Copies Will Be Forwarded When
Requested.
Mall subscriber* in ordering change of ad-
trtte should be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS, in order to Insure n
prompt SAd correct compliance with their re-
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1018 Broadway Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE :
tUS Center Etreet Telephone North ..
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
EAMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf. Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31
Ccion 6quar«: Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Hotel and HoCman House.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Sal. Francisco Call.
comer Market ar.d Third streets; open unJl
U o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
IOCS Market street, opposite Fifth; open'untll
II P. m.
C27 Montgomery etreet. corner Clay: open until
9:30 p. m.
ffO Hayes rtreet: oi>en until 9:30 p. m.
•2P McAllleter Ftre*t: open urtil 9:30 p. tn.
f-Zi Larkln ttrcet: cpen until 9:30 p. m.
JS41 Mission rtreet; open until 10 p. m.
JOG Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
3O9C Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Ncrtnean corner Church and Duncan streets;
rpen until 9 p. m.
fyui Flllmore ftre^t: open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
ASYLUM cf Golden Gate Command-
ery No. 16. K. T. €25 Sutter Bt. — *^Jir
Stated assembly THIS EVENING, at [b|J
8 o"clo<^c. All frsters are courteously n5'
invited. By order of the Commander. *
: THEO. FP>OLICH. Recorder.
BAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal Q
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING.
Eu£intEs only. fcf\
H. G. PRINCE, Secretary. '
OCCIDENTAL Lodce No. 22. F. and m
A. M. — THIS (MONDAY) EVENING <vSf
al 7:30 o'clock, annual meeting and /\^
election of officers.
WALTER G. ANDERSON, Sec.
HERMANN Lodge No. 127 F. and A. O
M. — Stated meeting and election of of- YY
fleers THIS DAY <Mon<!ay>. Decem- /V\
ber 5. at 7:30 p. m. By order of the
\V. M. L. SCHUMACHER, Secretary-
CALJFORXIA Lodpe No. I. 1. O. ,,.-?»-■,
O. F.— Initiation MONDAY sgoBs&rfi.
NIGHT in presence of the grand*«^"»^jSS
masu-r; iler..orial Hall; visitors "-^.fRi^
cordially invited. J. I. RALPH. N. G.
GEO. FRY. R. S.
UNITY l.oig° No. 131 I. O. O.
F. — The Grer.H Master ■will bec^J^Ssge
prestnt TUESDAY EVENING. =3^*|KS*j|
December 6. All members are •*Sa**W** ? "
urgently requested to attend. All members
of the order are invited. Odd Fellows' Hall,
Sixteenth and Valencia ste.
E. H. ANDREWS, N. G.
A. P. BUTTON, Recording Secretary.
GOLDEN OATH Ledge No. 204.
!. <j. O. F. — Officers ar<l rr.-rr.- -"^*£?-5"i*?i
bers. you art hereby notiSed to^J^f^fe"^*?
attend the funeral of our de-
cwhiI orother. HENRY A. LINN. TO-
MORROW (TUESDAY) at 1 p.m.. from our
tall. L O. O. F. building.
F. N. HOLMES. N. G.
FIDELITY Lodse No. 222. I. O. .^pMKL^
<i F. — Officers and members you :J»i**3Hy3fe
>n requested to assemble r. t -rj-i^.-£EvS»3
your lexigeroom on TUESDAY. -^SffS 6 '
Dec. C at 9:30 a. m.. to attend the funeral
of our dec-ased brother, DR. N. J. BIRD,
is.st rrand. By order of
W. H. MITCHELL, N. G.
JOS. GRAY JR., Rec. Sec.
TO the Officers and Members cf the f—
RiKgere' and Stevedores' Union, at
I^jcal 222, I. L. M. and T. A.— £fk
You are hereby notified to attend
:!■.. r'-=r'jh,r meeting of this union. V^JS
which will be held at our hall. 121 JzBS&i.
New Montgomery Et.. THIS DAY cy*"™*"
(MONDAY). Dec. 5, at S p. m. sharp. Busi-
ness of importance to be transacted. By
order of
P. D. HAWTHORNE. First V. P.
HENRY JEND, Rec.-Cor. Sec.
p. m. A full attend-
ance is requested. JOHN I. SPEAR, Se;.
GEOGRAPHICAL Society of the Pacific—
Ftated meet Ing of this society will be held
THURSDAY. 8th lnst..' In the Library. 419
California Ft., at 3 p. m., for routine busi-
ness. By rtrder
GEORGE DAVIDSON, Prerldert.
J. PARTRIDGE. Sc-cretary.
VJIi: California Dtbris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by hydraulic
process from Erther Jackson and John M.
Jtokson, In Brown Bear Placer Mine, near
New Mohawk. Plumas County, Cal.. drain-
ing into Si'lahur Creek, which reaches Mid-
file Fork Feather River, from Shasta Coun-
ty Quarti ami Placer Mining Co., in Mur-
derers' Gulch Mine, near Stella. Shasta
County. Cal.. draining into Clear Creek,
which reaches Sacramento River, and from
William Nk-holls Jr., in Duryea Placer
Mine, ntar Ked Dog, Nevada County, Cal..
drair.ir-s: into Greenhorn Creek. which
r« aches Bear River, gives notice that a
meeting tr> receive any protests will be held
at room 68. Flood building. San Francisco,
Csi . Dec. ;2. 3P.r>4. at 1:30 p. m.
ATTORHrEYS-AT-I.AW.
A FRAUDULENT dlvorce~l8~dear~st $12 and
Is no good; for 22 years I've made divorces
a tpecialty; quick; quiet; no money needed;
CO pay unless divorce Is granted; perfectly
reliable: loweat fees: advice Tree: collections
tnaiie. G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market at.
R. W. KING, Attomey-at-law, Exam, bldg.,
Cth floor; entrance room 611; established 26
year*: ail courta. general court and office
practice; no fees in advance or for consulta-
tion; evening by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
-AA — Divorce; cost* $12; quick. quiet ;advlce free;
a.11 law business; no charge unless success-
ful; open evening*. 927 Market et.. room 301.
CONSULTATION^ free, private, confidential;
businffer leeslly. promptly and '-nenreticalty
transacted. W. Matthews, C32 Market, room 23.
ADVICE free; divorce costs $12; no feea or
costs In advance; all law businesi; office
cpen Saturday evenings. 819 Market St.. r. 33.
JOHN GUIDHRY, attorney-at-law rooms 3
and 4. 240 Montgomery st.; phone' Red 6617.
L. S. CLARK. 827 Market, room 304: consults-
. tlon free; no fees In advance; open evening*.
ATJTOMOBII.ES. t
FOR Fale — An autcmoLile for JCOO that cost
s :.'.".": run about a month.' Box 1499/ Call.
CADILLAC Automobile, 1W4, for sale. $600.
AddrrFs box 1105 Call office.
■ ASTHMA CURE.
I. 1 ! NOLA'S Asthma Remedy relieves Instantly;
10c. 25r. 60c 1C02 Market. 8t. Nicholas;
alro Wlsbart. 10th and Washington. Oakland.
BOASflCTO rOB CHILDREN.
NURSE having her own home will board baby
from birth: have cows* and goats' milk. 208
Hurry *t.. Glen Park.
CHILDREN to board; 2 blocks from school.
MRS. M. WALLACE. Fitsburg, Alameda.
WANTED — Children to board; best of refer-
ence*: music. 408 Clement St., Richmond Dirt.
WOULD like to board and room a child; also
room for parent. 118 Page st. '
WANTED— Small child to board Jn private
family; best of care. &61<4 Greenwich st.'.
CO^^ECTraOM^OgPICES.
BAD tenants rjerted for $4; collections made;
city or countrv. Pacific Collection Co., 415
ilonts ornery St., rooms 9-10. Tel. Main 55bO.
BtrSINESS^CHANCES. :
$$50 — CORNER saloon on Fourth St., $25
daily receipts about $15; good business; own-
er must sacrifice, as he has to leave the city.
R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny st.
$7r»0 — HALF Interest In manufacturing busi-
ness; estb.'16 years; partner can clear $150
easily; Investigate; rare chance. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
PRICE $1100 — Wood. coal, hay and grain yard;
a long-established business; 2 horses and 3
wagons; rent only $25; rare chance. S«e R.
G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st. •
A— J2000; CORNER grocery and bar on Va-
lencia St.; lease; old established and good
paying business; investigate; a rare chance.
See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
1 A— $500; BRANCH bakery and delicatessen
store with 3 nicely furnished rooms: rent
$15: a good paying business. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny at.
A— $1200; ROADHOUSE, living rooms; rent
$15; co opposition; very best location; about
8 miles from city. See R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny st.
A— $600; ROADHOUSE; 5 years' lease; rent
$20; best location on Colma road. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny at.
A — $8500; HARDWARE store, corner; ranges,
household supplies, paints, oils, gas fixtures,
etc; 4 years' lease; location the very best;
value In sight; owner to retire to private
life; a splendid chance. Call R. G. WILKE.
26% Kearny st.
A— $1500; GROCERY and bar. with 21 furnrshed
rooms; 2 blocks south of Call building; rent
$71; kept by present owner 10 years; a good
business. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A — $3250; HALF interest in manufacturing
business; established many years and doing a
first-class paying business; stock and ma-
chinery with invoice; the price a rare and
good offer. Call on R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny st. "~
A— $2200; RESTAURANT and cofTee saloon
tn Stockton: rent $53; the leading place of
its kind in Stockton; all particulars. R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny at.
A— $»00; BAKERY, with 3 living rooms and
kitchen; rent $20; all store trade; cash re-
ceipts about $10 per day. Particulars R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $2350; COAL, wood, hay and grain busi-
ness; 3 horses, 3 wagons; net rent $34;
place established years; very best loca-
tion; a good cash business. See R- G.
WILKE. Kearny st.
A— $000; BUTCHER shop and vegetable mar-
ket on Polk st.; lease; living rooms; owner
must leave for Europe to settle estate; a
rare chance. R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny Bt.
A— $800; CORNER saloon in wholesale dis-
trict; no night or Sunday work; saloon es-
. tub. 20 years and known as a good busl-
ness. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $2000; CORNER saloon, .with lease, in
wholesale district; a good business; owner to
leave the city cause of sale; a rare chance.
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny 6t.
A— $4000; CIGAR stand en Market St.. vicin-
ity Powell st.: 2% years' lease; must be
sold at once; owner to leave city for the
East. See R. O. WILKE. 26% Kearny st. '
A — $2450; CORNER grocery and bar; 5 years'
lease; rent $40; store doing a large cash busi-
ness: location can't be beat; value in sight.
See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny St.
A— $5500: SALOON; about 1 block from Phelan
building; -let rent $125; lease; stock will in-
voice about $1200: a good paying place; In-
vestigate at once; rare chance. R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $2G00: COFFEE saloon and restaurant; 1
block from Examiner building; place estab-
lished years; doing a lirst-clase Iniflness;
about $70 per day. Particulars see R. G.
WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— $900; CORNER saloon, with cigar stand,
on Fourth st. ; living rooms; rent $30; lease;
a ti..'d paying place; bargain. See R. G.
WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— $1500; OLD-ESTABLISHED commission
store, dairy produce, etc.; must be sold at
once on account ot death; very rare chance,
as business is known for 28 years as a good
reliable house. R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A— $4000; CORNER grocery and bar; few blocks
south of Market st; net rent $90; lease 4
years: average monthly receipts $1100; value
in sight. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $2C50 ; HOTEL of 30 rooms; rent $100; lease;
with first-class paying saloon in manufactur-
ing town across the bay: a good paying busl-
negs. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $750; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
fancy grocery; 4 nice living rooms; rent $25;
daily receipts about $20; b«9t location north
of Market. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A— $3500; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
St.: :ent $60: living rooms; stock will in-
voice about $2800; a well established and
first-class paying business. See It. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny gt.
A — $7000; BAKERY; one of the best In this
city; monthly sales $6000; 12 horses, 5 wag-
ens; location the very best; not all cash
necessary. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A — $350; DAIRY, produce and delicatessen
etore; 5 rooms; rent $25; best location Va-
lencia st. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
NORTON & CO..
LEADING BUSINESS AGENTS.
1104 Market st.; phone Jessie 4471.
Offer the following bargains.
GRAND corner saloon, with 7 living rooms;
just listed: long lease; clears $250 monthly;
asking only $2500 NORTON & . CO.
GROCERY and bar, corner, north of Market;
owner compelled to go East; will sell for in-
voice price; a genuine bargain. NORTON
& CO.
ESTABLISHED for 23 years; book and sta-
tionery store; clears $135 monthly; 3 fur-
nished living rooms; offer wanted; retiring on
account of ill health. NORTON & CO.
CIGAR STAND, corner, one-half block from
Market; clears $100 monthly; a bargain for
$375. NORTON & CO.
FRUIT and vegetable store, near Market; 3
living rooms; horse and wagon; rent $20; Al
business: only $250. NORTON & CO.
PARTNER wanted for chicken ranch, close to
city; great chance for good worker; $400.
NORTON & CO.
F. A. BROOKBANK.
BUSINESS AGENT,
917 Market St.. bet. Fifth and Sixth.
$150 — PARTNER for well-paying restaurant;
will clear you $75 mo. See BROOKBANK.
RESTAURANT — Al location; seats 54; new 6-
foot range; large kitchen; 2 living* rooms
connected; rent $22 50: worth $500; price
$300. See BROOKBANK.
PARTNER for old-established express and
transfer business. Horses, wagons, harness,
everything complete. Party must be able to
attend ofrice. Will guarantee $75 monthly;
$500 cash required. - Full particulars with
BROOKBANK.
I HAVE one of the beat paying propositions
on Pacific Coast for S sober, reliable and
energetic men, who CAn invest $300 each-,
and to same will be offered an Interest and
position in a business which will clear from
$75 to $200 monthly to each. This Is no
"get rick- quick scheme," but an old es-
tablished and reliable* business. , and one
which will stand the closest investigation.
Parties must furnish best references, at
came will be tendered them. Full particu-
lars with BHOOKBANK, 917 Market st.
$2-->00— r'ALOON with 5 rooms and furniture
included. Apply 1108 Webster at., corner
Twelfth. Oakland.
$3T>0 — CORNER branch bakery and delicacy ;
store, with 5 living rooms, large yard and |
barn; selling account old age. Apply 1108
Webster st., corner Twelfth. Oakland.
$1200 — CORNER saloon In Oakland ; rent $20
per "no.; 10-year lease: established 20 years;
large hall upstairs. Apply 1108 Webster St.,
corner Twelfth. Oakland.
$1600^-MANUKACTURING business, wholesale
and retail: one of the best located businesses
| ncrosK the bay; no opposition; rent $25; clears
j $150 to $200 a month; trial given. Apply
110S Webster st., - conwr Twelfth, Oakland.
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
If you wish to buy or sell property of any de-
scription do not fall to call upon us; we may '
have just what you want to buy or a pur-
chaser for just what you want to sell.
J. W. JAQUITH & CO..
1312 Market et..
Rooms 41S-419. Telephone Folsom 3463.
FOR sale on account of 111 health, business of
manufacturing patent medicines, extracts,
etc. with., formulas; located in one of the
largest and beat cities In California; price
$40U0; cm-half cash, balance to be paid out
of srooeeda of buslneas. Address S. C. S.,
box 520, Sacramento. Cal.
$500 — CIGAR store for sale: good ' location;
fine fixtures: National cash register: re-
ceipts $15 daily; rent $40. Full value in
stock; owner leaving city; buyers be prompt
to secure this exceptional bargain.
A. STENBERG, 769 Market st.
HOTEL for sale— 60 rooms; country town; 2
railroads; elegant building: good . furniture:
reduced . to J3000. DECKER. Hotel Broke?.
»06 Market at. . ...-•< ,• ;-^>!
SALOON. for sale at 825 Montgomery St.; must
be sold on account of sickness. ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1904.
BTTSOTESS CHASCES — Continued.
A — CAMERON & CO. rPhone South 1050.
3 Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
For sale — Several cood business propositions
for Investors, such as cigar stores, groceries
and bars, bakeries, furniehlng goods, mer-
chandise, county hotels, restaurants and
many other propositions too numerous to
mention; would be pleased to have you call
and inspect our list. CAMERON & CO.. d
Eddy st.
For sale— First-class bazaar and cigar busi-
ness; Al location, long lease, cheap rent,
llxtures and store up-to-date, established 17
years; fine new stock of goods; has never
changed hands; now clearing ?350 and over
per month: best reason for selling; an op-
portunity of a lifetime: see CAMERON & CO.
For sale — "Well-furnished and equipped coun-
try hotel; 59 rooms: rent only $150; 10-year
lease; newly painted and renovated through-
out; about GO miles from S. F. ;- fine, grow-
ing town; present owner made fortune and
wants to retire. CAMERON &. CO.. 3 Eddy.
For sale— One of the best hay, grain, feed,
wood and coal yards, S. F. ; cheap rent;
horsca and wasons. well equipped;' present
owner retiring from retail business; guaran-
teed to clear about ?50O per month: books
open for Inspection.' CAMERON & CO.
Exchanges made In all kinds of real estate,
rooming-house and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
For sale— Well located cyclery; rent $125; 3-
year lease; sell, rent and repair all kinds of
bicycles; carries full supplies; agency best
wheel on market; does business of $1500 to
$2000 per month; goods at invoice. CAM-
ERON & CO.
Flrst-clafS, saloon downtown; 2 blocks
from Market St.; rent $75; well fitted, up;
receipts $18 to $25 per day: must be sold
on account of other business; price $1600.
CAMERON & CO. -;-■ ■ -
SALOONS from $500 ud to $7000. I
Groceries from $500 ud to $4000.
Restaurant; fine location: $900.
Branch bakeries, coffee-houses, city & coun-
try hotels, merchandise stores, roadhouses.
Lodging houses from 7 to 200 rooms.
For tale and exchange, 385 acres In Santa
Clara County for a saloon: Oakland houses,
for lodging houses. EITEL & CARROLL,-
212 Kearny st.; tel. Red 00i>2. V..y' : , ; V
WANTED — Reliable, energetic man to man-
age new, beautiful, big paying theater;
thriving city; without competition; salary
$100 monthly, but must buy quarter of half
interest; bears strictest investigation; none
i>»ed answer unless can Interest financially
to insure attention, etc.; chance of lifetime
. for proper party. Address "Opportunity,"
care box 1514, Call office.
GOOD opportunity — Fine stationery business;
average sales over $2000 per mo. : will sell
for invoice price of stock; no competition;
located in the only cash town In California.
HAMILTON & KENDRICK, Petaluma.
WANTED — A few gentlemen to join present
members of a firm engaged In the conduct
of gents' furnishing and tailoring establish-
ment: object being to extend business which
Is paying well. Box 37SO, Call office.
HARDWARE store, Invcice $5250; best town
this State; good paying business: large, at-
tractive, up-to-date store: exceptional offer;
ill health; no a&^nts. Address box 28. Oro-
vllle, Cal. >
WE incorporate and float stock companies; we
handle unlistpd securities: loans negotiated.
HORATIO GILBERT & CO., Elllcott square,
Buffalo.
A— $300; PARTNER wanted in light mechani-
cal business; $20 to $35 a week each the
year round; trial given; no experience re-
quired; short hours. 47 Geary St., room 2.
STEADY man wanted as partner In cash
business to do plain light work; sure profit
of ?75 to each per month; capital required,
$175. 632 Market St., room 0.
$200 WITH services secures to a reliable,
steady man. permanent place that pays $S5
monthly the year around; light, pleasant
work. Call 1027U Market et., room 2.
FOR sale cheap — Carpenter's jobbing shop,
with machines and power complete; down-
town location; cheap rent. Box 1231, Call.
A LIQUOR store, bar attached, big stock on
hand; a good place 'for. two; price $2500. Ap-
ply 714 Folsom ■ Bt. ■ «'"» -•-,..
A PARTY to Invest In a theatrical enterprise;
gilt eds;e; good position assured. Box 1455,
Call ofrice. .
$1S5O— DELICATESSEN store for : sale; large
stock: new fixtures: clears $150 per month.'
Address box 1599, Call office.
$223 — STATIONERY, notions, candles and ci-
gars; open window: 2 furnished rooms; rent
$15. Inquire 343 Sixth st.
FOR sale — Butcher shop in live country' town.
Apply to JOSEPH WILSON JR., 823 Georgia
et.. Vallejo. Cal.
FOR sale — A email grocery and bar. Apply at
1S9S Fifteenth st.. cor of Dolores.
AN oid-established butcher shop for sale In
Western Addition. Box 1395. Call office.
FOR sale — Saloon and 15 furnished rooms,
with 3 years' lease. 210 and 212 East st.
FOR oale — Cash grocery and bar; south of Mar-
ket; 53500: other buUness. Box H77, Call.
GROCERY store fixtures for sale; cheap. In-
quire 473 4th st.
GROCERY— $1800; stock and fixtures; new:
rent reasonable. DODD MEAD, Palo Alto, Cal
ROUTE 12. Ean Francisco Call, for sale. Ap-
ply San Francisco Call office.
A— CAMERON & CO.. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Roomlng-Houses, Hotels and
All Kinds Business Chances.
You can't beat this beautifully furnished,
100- room, downtown house: carpets, furniture
and draperies of the very beat; electric lights,
steam heat; in fact, everything modern and up
to date; long lease; cheap rent; owner leaving
city. ,
Look this up; here is a chance to get fine
little home, combined with business; you can
live rent free and make some money besides;
this house of 9 rooms, rent only $32 50; fine lo.
cation on California st. ; well furnished; some
new carpets, newly painted and papered; every-
thing In fine condition; piano and sewing ma-
. chine goes; price only $Col).
Here is 14 rooms; Van Ness; furnished In oak
and mahogany, good carpets; all full; clearing
nice little salary every month; it Is yours at
$000.
We have a 9-room flat, new modern build-
ing, sumptuously furnished ; carpets cost $3 50
per yard; beds cost $100 each; hair mattresses
cost $35 each; new 8 months; actual cost to
furnish. $5000; must go East and will take
$2700; half cash, balance 6 per cent per annum;
everything ready to step right into an elegant
home.
Nice little house of lt> rooms, with good fur-
niture and carpets; rent only $65; must dispose
next 10 days; make offer.
Grand, new, modern apartment-house; beau-
tiful building: elegantly furnished; good Ion*
lease with cheap rent; only 15 minutes' walk
from Kearny St.; has ISO rooms and pays $.VW)
to $R00 per month: always full; best class of
people; a bargain can be had If taken at once.
Another one; a beautifully furnished 6-room
flat: Sloane fitted It up 6 months ago and cost
considerable over $000; think of the rent, only
$25 per month; choice location; big snap; $400.
Here is the coziest and most complete house
of liO rooms, superbly furnished with everything
that good taste and Judgment could suggest;
combined with an elegant, new, modern build-
ing: every room occupied and clearing a fine
profit, and sickness is the only cause for dls-
I posal.
i Golden opportunity to get nice 7-room; flat;
I rent only $40: water, garbage and Janitor ser-
» vice free; mahogany and oak furniture; carpets
body Brussels, new 1 year; cost $S00. now $'450;
obliged to leave city.
This speaks for itself; 15 rooms, furnished in
oak: new carpets, and full to the roof with
good people, which brings In proflt of -$75 per
month ; slcknces compels sale.
Flrst-clas* Investment ' where you ' can ' earn
$2400 per year on expenditure of $4500 inte-
rcom house: rent only $125 . per month ; choice
location on Sutter st. ; always full; best of oak
furniture, good ' carpets; sickness • only reason
for eelllng.
Swell family hotel on Sutter st. ;• beautifully
furnished; always full; there are SO rooms, rent
only $425; obliged to leave city; will be sold at
half cost to furnish,
We have 13 beautifully furnished rooms In
fine block on Poet st.: full nicest kind of room-
ers; new and modern throughout:' brings in
nice income; furniture in' oak. birdseye maple;
velvet and Axmlnster carpets; cost - $1800 to
furnish six months ago ; obliged to leave ■ city ;
big bargain; $1200.
We have a number : of special : bargains In
flats of 6 to 10 rooms, new and modern; can be
had - for lees " than half ' cost - to furnish; ■ must
be sold; either account of sickness or departure.
..Have large list of real estate.' hotels, room-
LODGING-HOUSES FOB SALE — Con.
ing-houses and business chances for exchange
or trade always on hand.
rj A^ CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
MARION GRIFFIN.
40G Hearst bldg.. over "Examiner" entrance,
corner 3d and Market sts. Tel. Black 3607;
Hotels and rooming-houses for sale. Free list.
We furnish abstracts free & guarantee titles.
ULTRA - FASH- HIGH - CLASS
I IONABLE prl- ' apartment
vate hotel that house,
clears $295 mo. - — tiO rooms —
A ■ new build- . — $30uO —
ing, beautifully House partly
furnished in turnished with
mahogany ' and extra fine fur-
velvet carpets. nlshings. Rent
All new six . $5 pet room; 5-
months ago. . year lease. A
Price cultured lady or
— $4500 — gentleman
Will exchange should make the
for an apart- house clear
ment house. monthly $300.
EXCLUSIVELY PRICE .,.$3000
i WITH WITH
MARION .^MARION
GKIFKIN. GRIFFIN.
, MAKE us an of- GREAT GUNS',
fer before Dec. Only $400 lor
8th. 1 6-room NE.
— i6 rooms — corner house,
nr. Hyde and north of Mar-
Sutter. Reduced ket. Rent $30.
to $J0O0. Rent If you are a
$150. Clears sober, industrl-
$175, guaran- ©us person we
teed. It's a big will lend you
opening for % of purchase
some one. as price. Always
owner is deter- remember that
mined to visit we guarantee
Alaska. the title.
WITH WITH
MAHION ' -• MAH10X
GRIFFIN. - GHIFFIN.
$300 DOWN and * 100 RENT for
$700 in llttio i() rooms, north
payments takes of Market: 3
a nice, quiet rooms rented
15-room hou<-e permanently at
near Ellis and $40; P rlce <MW0;
Van Ness a\e • owner states
cause, sickness- that the munth-
profit monthly WlTH r ° flt '* $ "°°"
WITH MARION
MAHION GHIFFIN.
,1 NORTH of Mar-
KmTTTT • , ,. ket bargains
vJ- o, 0f Mar * 'X rooms; first
tiVi"!? 011 " 1 payment $4u0;
I : h"' down : Profit $140.
proflt $70; rent ALSO—
° nly *f a K^_ 16 rooms : » n ap-
30 rooms. $1800; Rent $30; p£nt
x-j oown; profit, s.v>
?90: -XLsO 1 ! $55 ' -ALSO-
18 rooms, $800, all -^Prlce^Sr^O—
cash; profit $90; -AlJo--^
rent only $4G. -11 rSomT-
39 ™ A mTW gnc^nl!^
$i40^t "only _^c^-
ALSO— —Price $2000—
12 ™m£ S $W. all CUt _f $ O .r500_ frOm
rent = O r3v° fl^f> MT ' Proflt *»l™»tn-
M Iy: U is eminently
42 roomt $3000. w 7 T r^ ctabI^-
% down; proflt MARION
\\'>t' y GRIFFIN.
WITH - -
MARION _ " ~
griffin^ WE _-^nr_ MII
■ to any business
man or woman
a $7000 room-
LARGE bouse. Ing house for
larger proflt. $.{000 cash and
largest bargain; $2000 on time.
85 large rooms; It Is brand new
. proflt over $300. building, with
. Price only $6000. modern convent-
Rent only $375. ences. Proflt
Every room, ha 1 ~ t ' [ $250 monthly,
and stairway Books may ba
expensively fur- •. examined,
flished. Lease House Is well
for four years. ' arranged; most-
It's one of the < ly single rooms
honest houses. '. .'J--- for 'business
EXCLUSIVELY men. See my
WITH aeent,
MARION . MARION •
GRIFFIN. GRIFFIN.
— — — — .
The agent who whispers down the well
About the house he wants. to sell.
Will never reap the golden dollars
Like Marion Griffin, who climbs and hollars.
ESTABLISHED IN 1877.
H. C. DECKER. 906 MARKET ST. '
HOTEL, ROOMING-HOUSE AND BUSINESS
BROKER.
All kinds of property for sals and exchange.
What have you to offer? To buy, sell or
exchange, see DECKER. '-~_,
MITCHELL A CO
1206 MARKET ST. PHONE' JESSIE 20S1.
Rooming and apartment houses, hotels, flats.
Sold to suit purchasers. Titles guaranteed.
AUTOMOBILE AT YOUR SERVICE.
12 rooms, R. $45; good house .$350
II rooms, R. $10; Al house .$725
7 rooms, R. $27 50; corner flat $200
BARGAIN— BARGAIN— BARGAIN.
65 rooms; corner; located In the heart of
Oakland: handsomely furnished: rent $130;
lease; elevator: clearing from $250 to $300
per month: $2500 down, balance as you make
It; pricy $5500. MITCHENER & BARTON,
916 Broadway. Oakland.
BARGAIN— 22 r.; fine location; full and pay-
ing over $100 mo.; a bargain; owner to retire
account sickness and old age; price $1400;
easiest terms. Box 1131, Call. •
100-ROOM apartment house; furnished one
year; will sell at one-half the cost price; full
of roomers. Box 1345. Call office.
A BARGAIN — A 0-room rooming house for
sale. Inquire at 860 Mission. st.
FOR sale — Swell lodging-house. Inquire at 833
Howard Bt.. between 10 and 2 o'clock.
LODGING-HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED — To buy a respectable lodging house
\nct transient), about 30 rooms. 'Address box
4708. Call office.
_^^_^LAX&yOYAirrS. .____^;
RICHARD MAYO
The Man With Psychic Power.
The greatest living adviser on the continent.
There Is no trouble, doubt or ambition, no
hope or wish but what can be realized by
his help and advice; he Is entirely original
in his methods: different from all others; a
visit will bring sure help and will satisfy
you and bring success and happiness to the
seekers of truth and advice.
Complete clairvoyant reading this week $1.
Satisfaction guaranteed or no fee accepted.
421A Ellis St.; private flat; hours 10 a. m.
to 8 p. m.
Livingstone!
the occult wonder.
for a reliable. intelligent clair-
voyant reading. consult >
' livingstone.
five reception parlors. lady at-!
tendant. 20v, kearny st.
attention
mrs." dr. clark.
The well-known medium ■ and clairvoyant,
may be consulted on all affairs; every hidden
mystery revealed ; ; she will show you how to
overcome : your . enemies and . unite the sepa-
rated; tell your entire life, past, present and
future; satisfaction by mall; send stamp for
y circular ; and special . terms. 343 Geary st. .
MME. LANGE, the only one who can help you
• - in your greatest ; troubles; genuine gypsy
sympathy, -spiritualism .and hand . reader;
convince yourself of her skill: 25c and up;
'.*' shows. th<> picture of future husband or wife,
.-.■■ 38 Turk st.. near Taylor; ; hours, from 10 to
8. and Sundays. .
ISMAR, Egyptian seeress, The Vendome, 1104
Market st., San Francisco. Office hours — 10
.a. m. to 6 p. m.; Sundays, 10 to 12; Wednes-
day , evening. 6 > to , 8. V Phone ' South , 1141.
MME. PORTER, clairvoyant, medium: .born
with double veil and second sight:, tells past,
present, future; I. -50c; : g.* by cards $1; palm-
lstry f ull life read. : $1. :; 303 Jones,: nr. Eddy.
MISS ZEMDAR, young, gifted clair. and palm.;
■ reveals love, marriage, business,' etc. : L. :50c;
; ■G; $1; hours 10 to 9; names.'; 714 Franklin^st.
MRS. : SHAFFER, clairvoyant; card reader, has
•.returned; sittings dally. 108 6th st.,rooma 1-2.
MME. 'REKA. New -York's most -famous palm-
ist and clairvoyant; readings at 329 Eddy st.
Conttnued^^^
FREE TEST— FREE TEST— FREE TEST.
MME BERNARD.
THE WOMAN OF POWER.
Will tell you what you came for. FREE OK
CHARGE. Her f5 reading this week for $1.
To get a reliable and correct reading consult
this famous medium. For ten year3 she has
been before the public of San Francisco. 17
Third . st.. near Market.
Mme. Kronenberg. palmist, clairvoyant, card
reader; when others fail try me; readings
lV>c. 324 O'Farrell st. Tel. Red 6537.
MRS. BAUMASN, the well-known fortune-
■ * teller. Is now at 317 Ellis st.
SPISITU AI.I3M.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. 1206 Market, r. 14. Gait House.
PROF*. GEE. medium and heater; readinga
dally; circle every night; 10c. 1206 Market at.
PROF. FllED EVANS, noted slate-writer and
clairvoyant. 1112 Eddy at. Phone Scott 8S7.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Ptoc«bs used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal;
carpets and russ also cleaned by compressed
air at shop; prices moderate. - S. F._Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Co., 308 Market St.;
phones Main 152 and Bush 473.
WHEN you btcome disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing works, 355-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works, 1809 Har-
rison St.: A I cleaning. 3c. FRED HAGE-
DORN & CO.: phone Mission 225.
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth St. — First-clasj
carpet cleaning, 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74. •
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 304. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 263.
CREDIT CI.OTKIEKS.
C. F. ADAMS CO.. 318 Mason st. — Clothing
for everybody from hat to shoes: you can get
what you want from us and have It charged.
CI.OTHING EE3TOVATI1TG.
SUITS cleaned and pressed. $1; scouring and
dyeing. Boc Marche. Examiner bldg.. r. 410;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
DEHTI3T8.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs. ; crowns, $3 50; flllings,50c;
plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago, Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL) 1443 Market, nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors 235 Kearny.cor. Bush —
Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns, $-' up; fllllngs.25c.
GOLD fillings, 75c; silver. 35c; crowns, $2; no
pain;open Sundays. Dr.A.C.Hewltt.204 Sutter.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentlst.r. 14,1st
floor. Phelan bid.. SOP Market, cor. O'Farrell.
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from Geary st.
to corner Sutter 6t. and Grant ave.
DRESSMAKER3^AND^SEASISTBESgSS.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew-
art's button and buttonhole factory. 110 Taylr.
DRESSMAKING and parlor millinery. 928
P03t tit. .-■ :-.
EDUCATIONAL. '<r
A — THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
legesr refs. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor; day. evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
E. R. AYRES. founder of Ayres Business Col-
lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
phorthand. typing; to month: life scholarship
$50; positions secured; day, eve. 723 Market.
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
institution devoted exclusively to dramatic
learning in America: positions guaranteed.
Eend for catalogue. Native Sons' bldg.
HEALD'S School of Mines and Engineering. 24
Post St.. S. F. : civil, mining, electrical, steam
and - gas engineering. Send for prospectus.
A SUCCESSFUL college: new, largs rooms:
perfect light; all graduates are getting posi-
tions. S. B. Business College. 738 Mission.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mln.. mech.. aur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; eat. 1864. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post at.
Established 1S63; largest In the West; an-
nual enrollment 1000; send for circulars.
471cssonspitman shorthand and hold any position;
guar. ;C0 court reporting; "single-page method"
bookkeeping. Western Bus. Col.. 1281 Market.
CLASSES in short story writing and journalism
meet on Mon., Wed. and Thurs.. 2 p. m., 333
Phelan bldg. : terms very reasonable.
A— GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1382 Market st. Send. for catalogue.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col.. 602 Van Ness
ave. ; positions secured. R. H. Webster. Pres.
EMBROIDERY lessons given; call afternoons.
470 Eddy.
BOOKKEEPING— Save time, gain knowledge,
with TARR. expert. 217 Parrott building.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano. $3 per month;
vocal lessons $1. 828 Halght at.
ISAAC Pitman Business College, 349 Halght;
Individual Instruct.; all branches; day. ev;.
CHICAGO Business College. 1581 Market— Posl-
tlons, thorthend, typing, bookkeeping; $3 mo.
ADULT and juvenile classes now open. 3 Hin-
man'a School of Dancing. 1412 Polk. nr. Cal.
SHORTHAND taught thorMy by mall and per-
sonally. MIes M. G. Barrett. 302 Montgom'y.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTrNGTON'S. 424 Fine St.— Night claas.
6PANISH.French.etc. Prof.De Flllppe'aAcademy
of lancuasres.il>]* Post: est.1871 :ablest profi.
EMPLOYMENT JO£FICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment office
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
8. IMURA. 839 Sacramento. Tel. James 5231.
* A — ORPHEUM f Employment Office — Japanese.
Chinese help. 426 Powell St.; tel. Main 0732.
JAPANESE-Chlnese Emp. Office. 415 Stockton;
best help. Fritz Tamagakl.mgr. Tel. Bush 850.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main B18S.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT •WANTED— PEMAI.E.
WOMAN wants to wash dishes or other light
work; is a good plain cook. Address 106%
Third et.. room 25, first flight; carfare. *
YOUNG g'.rl wishes position in private family;
wages $20. Box 2217, Call branch, 2200
Fillir.ore et.
RESPECTABLE lady wishes position as work-
ing housekeeper or cook for men. Call 360
' First St., cor. Harrison, bet. 2 and 5 p. m.
JAPANESE woman, can't speak English,
wants position general, housework; Japaneso
man wants position, housework or dishwash-
er. OGAMADA, 423 Stevenson st.
A STRONG young woman to go out by the
day; is a good washer and lroner. or will
do housecleanlng; $150 and carfare. Call
1173 Howard st.
LADY stenographer, several years' experience,
wants permanent position, wholesale house;
understands billing 1 and general office work.
Box 1541. Call.
COMPETENT nurse wishes engagements, con-
finements or Invalids; careful. ■ cheerful,
painstaking; references. MRS. KING, 1153
Turk et.
EXPERIENCED stenographer owning machine
desires position; salary; moderate. Box ie90.
Call office. , " .
WANTED — Position as restaurant cashier: ex-
perienced; references. Address box 1431,
■■; Call ofrice.
A COMPETENT and well-experienced* stenog-
. rapher. . typewriter and . general • office as-
sistant . desires -', position. Box 12C0, Call.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker would like more
engagements In families; -$150 day. carfare.
Call or write MR3. DE BARR. 435 4th st.
A NEAT young woman wishes light housework
'• In a' small private family. Address box
10 " 9 . Cal1 office.
A'. YOUNG- refined colored ,lady would like a
position as nurse . girl; wages $20 to $25.
Apply to 1006 Clay t at. ..y .-
COMPETENT woman wlsheslaundry work or
. cooking; by the day. Apply 1503% ' Market
r St.. near Eleventh. •' ■ : ■ .-
WANTED — Situation .; to .wait on, an Invalid
and ■ do little housework: will answer on
Tuesday. Box 1223. Call • of flee.
BY a : refined • young : lady; office or store work ■
' preferred : • good ■ penman and quick at figur-
ing. -- Call at 170 Elm ave. ; phone Page 1833. ,
EErJXOxTMCEBrT WAyTEP— PcntJe— Con
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter, atranger in
city, competent, reliable, rapid and accurate,
desires position; 5 years' experience; best «
refs. Address MISS E- H-. P- O. box 313.
Oakland. - -!'
WANTED— Position as saleslady in milliner/':
8 y*ars' experience. St. Kathryn Hotel.
room 25.1. '
ENGLISH Koverness (late of Paris) wls^ e *
employment: speaks good German, -oo*
1722. Call office. _^
GIRL would like to run errands. Address 305
Kearny st. .
A WOMAN wants work by the day washing
■ or housecleanlng. Call at 365 Minna st.
POSITION as housekeeper. Address MRS. A. E.
ALLEN. 570 Sycamore St.. Oakland.
WOMAN wants work by the day. 314 Third
street. ■"■■ , ■ v- -^j
WANTED-^-Posltion as seamstress. Box 1465.
Call office. •..-: .-'.-■»
LADY wishes position as cook. Box 1446, Call
office.
GOOD cook would like to get a place* Box
1278. Call office.
WANTED— Fln» laundry work. Apply 631
Stevenson st. " '-,■,.
A COLORED woman wishes children to care
for at home. 127 Second st.
DRESSMAKING In families or hotel; all kinds
of work: quick sewer: $1 25 a day. 1325 Call.
YOUNG lady wants position as companion to
elderly lady. Apply 1367 Maaon at.
STENOGRAPHER desires position In any kind
of office. Box 1663, Call.
REFINED woman wishes position In doctor's
or dentist's office; beat refs. Box 1621. Call
EMPI.OY-BCEITT WANTED — MALE.
WANTED — By a man with considerable hospi-
tal experience, invalid and traveling compan-
ion, a position in any of the above capacities;
flrst-clnss references If required. Address
box 1114. Call.
A JOB as saw-flier, from a butcher saw to &
circular and band saw; good reference can
be given. Box 11S0. Call office.
A GARDENER, middle-aged, wishes position:
experienced in all branches; best ot refer-
ences. Box 1182, Call offiflce.
COACHMAN joh wanted by a young, sober,
steady man; can milk; best of references.
Box 1181. Call office. ' .•..
YOUNG man wishes position as milker and
.•ep.-irator hand: best of references furnished.
Address 1310 Buchanan st. u -.
YOUNG man wants work of any kind. Box
1073, Call.
GARDENER wishes work, day or month. Box
2218. Call branch. 2200 Flllmore st.
A, CAPABLE and experienced married farmer
wishes a position as working foreman on
small stock, fruit or grain ranch; thorough-
ly understands stock and ranch work in all
its branches; competent to take full charge;
can furnished ths best of references If neces-
sary. Address FARMER, box 1176. Call.
YOUNG man, honest and obliging, wishes work
of any kind between 8 to 10 a. m. and be-
tween 4:30 to 11:30 p. m. ; can furnish fine
references. ARTHUR MORSE, box 1515,
Call office. ,"
AN up-to-date cutter of gents' garments from
the East desires position; capable to take full
charge. O. P. PALMER, 1430 Irving at.. West
Berkeley.
COLORED man wishes position as butler or
porter; useful man around gentleman's house;
has first-class refs. W. CHOCLATE. IS
Seventh st.. room 19.
BRIGHT, honest young man of 17 years wishes
■ to work In wholesale house. In stock or fill
orders; one not afraid ot work; best of ref-
erences. 1115 Stelner st.
LIBERAL reward given to anybody who ean
find a steady Job for a first-class all around
blacksmith; strictly sober and reliable. Box
1038. Call.
YOUNG Dane, age 25. wishes position as book-
keeper's assistant; 10 years' experience in
Denmark; speaks English and German; $10
week. Box 1611. Call office.
PAINTER and ttnter, must have employment;
highest class of work and strictly business:
"Promptness and neatness" my motto. Box
1721. Call.
POSITION wanted — Candy-maker wishes em-
ployment. Address L E. JOHNSON. 804
Lyon st. .-*. .
COLLECTOR and bookkeeper: hustler: lumber
and hardware; ample security; wants work;
no soliciting. Box 1601. Call office.
GERMAN wants work of any kind; porter or
night watchman. Apply 1433 Fifteenth ave..
south.
EXPERIENCED, sober and industrious man
wants position as ranch foreman. 144 Pre-
clta ave.. city.
COMPETENT man would like a place in a
liquor store or saloon for the whole or half
day. A. R.. box 1242. Call office.
STEADY man wishes position In office build-
ing: all-round man; city references. Box
1282, Call office.
COMPETENT, reliable attendant wishes per-
manent position with invalid or mental 'pa-
tient; references. Box 1227, Call office.
GARDENER, competent (single German), ref-
erences, wishes situation. Address box 1834,
Call office.
YOUNG man, good references, desires a situa-
tion In grocery or other work. Address box
1274. Call office.
A NO. 1 ' bread baker. Just arrived from the
East, wishes job; city or country. Address
Baker. 81 Third st.
A MAN wishes a position around a gentleman's
place; care of horses and garden. Address
J. H.. 258% Tehama st.
STEADY, reliable Scandinavian wants work of
any kind; can drive and care for horse. Box
1323. Call office.
NICE boy wants any work in downtown out-
room: meal; Japanese. GEORGE, 715 Sac-
ramento St., phone Black 1871.
GARDENER: well experienced, thoroughly, re-
liable, wishes position; good references. L.
G., box 1175. Call office.
CABINETMAKER In furniture store: repair-
ing: varnishing; ref.: 30 years; small salary.
Address Cabinet, 5643 Fremont st., Oakland.
PAINTER, paperhanger and tlnter: has tools.
Address Painter. 1620 Eddy st. Phone West
23S3.
JAPANESE high school student wants position
as helper before and after school in good
family: plain cook: waiter; good refs. S.
FUJI, box 1037, Call. ,
A JAPANESE very honest boy wants position
at housework or In store, city or country;
$t> a week. 690 Valencia St.; tel. Church
1215. j,
A RELIABLE Japanese boy. who understands
English, wishes position to do general house-
. work and cooking in a small family in the
city. Address I. S AWAI. 315 «,, Stockton st.
A JAPANESE boy. good and honest, wishes
- position as a schoolboy; speaks English; un-
derstands all housework: wages $2 a week;
In small family. Address K. N.. 1431 Bush.
A NICE young Japanese boy wishes to work
as scnoolboy in a small family. F. S., 2237 \
Jackson st. .
AN honest, strong Japanese boy wants a posi-
tion a* housewcrker In good family. S. ABE.
J. G. S., 725 Geary st.
A JAPANESE experienced cook wants position
in private family. 1812 Devisadero si; tel.
Scott 241. _^
JAPANESE wants position as waiter or In
pharmacy or salocn. Address D. K. S., 1200 ,
Ninth ave.. city. . \
AN honest, diligent Japanese boy wants a po-
sition: • cooking and general housework; $6
up a week. Y. SATO. 725 Geary st.
JAPANESE — A boy wants housework or school
boy In the city. S. SAKA, 1410 Pine st.;
telephone Hyde 171. k . '--• \
A JAPANESE young man wants a position as
schoolboy or any housework: good refer-
ence. Y. TAN ABE. 331% Eddy st.. In rear.
JAPANESE boy wants a situation in -the city:
well experienced In hoseework. GEORGE, 2
Delaware court, off Sutter St.. S. F.
A JAPANESE cook wants situation as a cook
and housework in small family. FUMI. 419
Jones st.
JAPANESE would like work In family. H. B..
61 Minna at.
A JAPANESE boy wants' position, housework;
city or country. 1513% Geary st.
CHINESE first-class cook; Charley; general
housework - and dish boy. AH FOO, 27
Waverly place.
CHINESE, first-class cook, wants ' place. 832
Washington. WONG SING.
EMPLOYMENT WAIfTXP— -Male— Con.
FIRST-CLASS barber wants steady work «-ren-
Ings. Saturdays and Sundays; state wages.
Box .1262. Call.
YOUNG man wants position as driver or work
In store: good references. 12S6 Eddy st.
BOY would like a position tn drug store; best
of references. Box 1C28. Call office.
YOUNG man wishes position in a wholesale
house. Box 1687. Call office.
LATHE hand wants work. 1124 Vallejo st.
WANTED — Position as errand boy. 511 Minna
street.
POSITION wanted by a painter. Box 1C53.
Call office.
WANTED — A job as teamster. Box 1561, Call
office. Oakland.
ECZEMA CuaE.
$100 FREE for any case of eczema, salt rheum
or barber Itch that I can't cure; a trial treat-
ment free. DR. BROWN. 54 Sixth st.
rxgAjyciAx.
THE REALTY SYNDICATE.
Capital paid la $4,600,000 00
Eurplus M0.901 89
Issues
Six per cent
Investment Certificates
At par.
Office — No. 14 Sansom* st«
San Francisco, Cal.
COMPANIES formed; mining or patents; stoc*
sold* strop*; Eastern connections; advice fres.
Write A. F. HARASZTHY. 522 Crossley bldg.
§ PXATS TO UT.
A — HOUSES and flats to let: an Immense list:
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; it will aav« you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-59 Geary
St.. on the square.
■
COTTAGES, houses and flats to let; every de-
sirable vacant place In San Francisco on
our lists; service absolutely free; let us find
you a place; coma in and let us know what
rent you. want to pay and the locality; "we
do the rest." Sterling Furniture Company.
1039 Market St., opp. McAllister.
ELEGANT new upper flat; 8 rooms, with at-
tic, beamed ceiling, paneled dining-room;
rent low. 1338 McAllister, near Stelner.
$40^ — FINE flat 7 sunny rcoms. bathroom, 2
attic rooms and basement. 142S Green at.,
near Van Ness ave.
GOLDEN GATE, nr. Central ave. — New sunny
flats, tinted, frescoed, 5 rooms, bath. $30; 6
rooms, bath, attic. $35; open daily.
A LOWETt flat of 4 rooms, large hall. gas.
yard; rent $12. 1519*4 Leaven worth at.
ALPINB 49, bet. Waller st. and Duboce are.
and Devlsadero— Pretty 5-room aunny flat.
711 CASTRO st.. near Twentieth — Lower Cat 9
rooms, bath; $21.
DALE p!acv. 8. off Oolden Gate ave., near
Hyde — 6 rooms and bath; no children.
ELEGANT new flat, 6 large sunny rooms and
bath. 1737 Page st., near Golden Gate Park.
FLAT of 7 rooms and bath; 1193 Turk St.. cor-
ner Buchanan; reasonable to food tenant.
FLORIDA. 1168. nr. 24th — Modern, new upper
flat, B rooms: rent $22 SO.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 2023, nr. Lyon st. — De-
slrabie upper Cat; 6 r. and b. ; rent reas.
HILL. 527— Upper flat of 0 rooms and bath;
near Castro.
LARGEST Hat of houses and flats to let. Call
on LYON A HOAO. 118 Montgomery at.
MODERN sunny flat of 5 rooms and bath.
4124 Twenty-sixth St., near Noe and Castro.
NEARLY new upper flat, 4 rooms and bath.
330 Tehama at.
2S10 PINE — Sunny upper flat of 7 room* and
bath; rent reasonable; large sunny yard.
TENTH s.ve.. 231, Richmond District — Upper
flat. 6 r. ; will tint suit tanant: rent $27 50.
VALENCIA. 923 — Upper flat. 4 large sunny
rooms and bath; rent reasonable.
$12— UPPER flat, of 4 rooms, to let. 224 Har-
riet St., near Harrison.
$25 — NEW sunny flat. 6 rooms and bath.
Northwest corner Noe and 24th sts.
ritATs roa SAI.E — rnsnsais.
A MODERN, sunny upper flat of 1 Urg» rooms,
completely furnished; carpets, linoleum and
hangings bought of Sterling's for cash 14
weeks ago; a bargain; obliged to go to Mon-
tana. 917 Jones st.. near Bush.
TOR sale — Massive oak bedroom furniture and
other furniture and carpets; all new. Call
after 1 p. m.. 249 Noe at. •
A FURNISHED flat of 8 rooms, with 2 perma-
nent roomers; marine view; cheap rent.
1110% Filbert, near Hyde. Call after 10.
FLAT of 4 furnished rooms for sale. 390 Fill-
more at., near Page.
FOR sale — An 8-room furnished flat. CaJl be*
tween 8 and 2. 1160 Ellis st.
NICELY furnished flat. 7 rooms and bath; bar-
galn: must sell before 6th. 953 Pine st.
PLATS TO LET — PTJItNISHED.
SUNNY flat — Six nicely furnished rooms;
adults. 43S Fourteenth st.
ruAAiTuoE WANTED.
—— -— — —_ ~_~™™™^
Salesroom. 1135 Market st. TeL Jessie 781.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
niture, etc. until you get his estimate.
■
WILL pay 20 per cent more for furniture than
dealers or will sell on commission. L. H.
BURD. auc. 1638 Market; phone J«s»te T3*.
SALESMAN wanted: second-hand furniture
store; experienced one only need apply. Cor.
Eleventh and Franklin sts., Oakland.
CALL on Alfred Wollpert. 773 Mission st.. be-
fore selling your furnltun. Phone Rad 4403.
rgBNTTTTBE rOB BALE.
HENRY MAYER pays highest prices for fur-
niture, carpets, etc 732 Mission; tei. Bush 813
WALNUT parlor set for sale, etc. 235 Thir-
teenth st.. bet. Howard and Mission.
HE1PJWSTED- FEMALE.
WAITRESS for plain hotel. $2O; 2 waitresses
for first-class boarding-house tn city, $2O
each: cook, must be willing to do some little
housework, wages $35. see lady here; nursery
maid for child 6 years old. $20, must sew
some; 2 waitresses for a first-class hotel In
city. $25 each: 4 llrls for cooking and house-
work, for country places, $30 each: 20 house-
work gilts for city places. $30. $23 and $2O.
MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter St.. nr. Powell.
CLEANER for an Institution, city. $20; seam-
stress (on children's c'.othes), for an Institu-
tion. $20, room and "joard; cook for an in-
stitution, $30; parlor maid and waitress. $30;
girl for cooking and housework, for Santa
Barbara, $30. see lady In city; cook for GU-
roy. wages $35, see lady here; 20 housework
girls for city and country, wages from $15 to
$35. MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter St.. near
Powell.
THE Romayn -Shirk Register, Renting and Adr.
Co.. 612-613 Grant bldg.. cor. 7th and Mar-
ket: phone South 104 — Waitresses - first-class
city hotel. $25 mo. ; waitress, swell city hotel,
call to-day. $20 fd. ; waitress, city restaurant
good place. $S wk.; 3 gtrls. general house-
work, $20, $25; girt, housewk. Berkeley, no
wash. $20; nurse girl. Mill Valley. $15 mo.;
cook and housewk.. German pf<i.. $30. We>
are open from 10 to 12 on Sundays.
AT th« German-Swedish Employment Bureau,
MRS. LAMBERT. 413 Powell st., help ot all
nationalities wanted to fill varlou.; positions.
GIRL as waitress, oyster house, city, $25.
Girt for housework, no cooking. $2O.
Cal. Emp. Agency. 14 3d St.: tsl. Bush 405.
A YOUNG or middle-aged Protestant lady a«
housekeeper for two plain, middle-aged me-
chanics; no objection to widow with a child;
state particulars and terms; references ex-
changed. Box 1075. Call office.
LITTLE girl to take out 2- year-old boy; good
home; small wages. 1716 Octavla st, corner
Pine.
WANTED — Good cook: must do some washing.
__Apply 2330 California st.
WANTED — A girl for light hoasework: easy
place. Apply at 1.T23 Kansas st., near 21th.
WANTED — Young lady to attend Welsbach
light store: permanent position. 3152 16th st.
NURSE for sanitarium. 2344 Sutter st.
TALENTED . amateur performers. Apply ' at
Chutes, S p. m. Wednesday; salary so object._tE2_P •WA-TTILD— rUB-AXS— Coatinned.
" COOKS, ta tv&shlsc "city $&>-£_:>
Cook. Meaie P_ik «U0
:: r-c'tia l_0-fcj
• *:__na*rftork and laundress *23
?. » -Streates for cafe f7-$S w**5t
J':»tairp x'.r'. end Ftarr.slress S-5
tCitd -en iit-ti-cr. Redwacd city *23
Housework f-M. Otklard p_3
• Hou*rtr_r_. 2 r_taily, Mare Island S33
•:'r:*"-irs g%ri &r>0 tiune .J2rt
'•• k. l~s;! boardrng-bottac •. ,f25
\ larse r:a:nr>er et liouserirls. city and noun-
• ' r ' $_o-r_.v$:»
gApptr;to -i. r._CBo?-y-rT a 00.. :«4 sutter. !
A— WANTED— OlriM to learn halrdrcsslSg-.
rr.3r-lcur!_r, etc.; trade taug-t from A to Z
in 2 week?: tuition 55 to those entering now
three pcatlcr.s 10 fli! iT.ir.ediately; positions
•rJ*ra=teed at S.10 per week up; leading
tefaool la Wegt 233 Gaary pt. room 1*.
WANTED— <Jirls to l«ern~_ilUlneiT nww~for
fai: e*ason; both efaso-s taught from start
to Erich In one tnonth for $5; positions as
tHmmers. sale«l_dSefi. makers, guaranteed at
»10 per meek nj>: 7 po-tUoos to be nll«4 im-
medunely. Parlors. 143 Stockton at,, r. IS.
A— PACIFIC College teaches hairdressing.
manicuring, electric massage, etc.; six hours'
P** ctlre a day; guarantees positions; only
reeornlreil college of its kind on coast; day
ar.fl evening cl-tsee; ail parlor work at re-
Ccced prices. 133 Powell t
PCU5IG lady who is an experienced dry goods
wrapper wanted. Apply bet 8 and 11 a. m.
at HALE EROS'.
WANTED — Young lady who Is an experienced
dry eootfs cashier. Apply bet 9 and 11 a. m.
.at HALE BROS'.
EXPERIENCED saleswomen wasted. Apply
bet. 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS'.
W_JC*rED — a seat German worn_n to do
oook*r« atad boose work: wages $30. 737
Buena Vista a/re.; t— — a Halgnt-st oar. get
off at Central ava.
WANTED — Salesladies for wsist and sktrt de-
partment; position permanent. Apply
_IARKS BROS.. 1220 Market st.
LADIES for steady home employment: $S asd
$12 weekly. Emma 8prec-eU bldg.. 827 Mar.
kat st. room CIS.
WOMAN without experience: rood opportunity
to leexn a business in which there la oppor-
tunity for advancement Box 1492. CeiL
WANTED — Young woman as housekeeper for
rm—U plain family; rood place for right per-
•cn. Bex 1054. CalL
•WANTED — Oerman or Swedish gtri for gen-
eral housework and cooking. 534 Capp st
Call morning.
A NEAT, reliable girl for reneral housework;
rood home, good wares. 463 Fourteenth at
GIRL tor housework; no cooklag or washing;
keep hcuae; wages $12. 1870 Sutler st
YOUNQ lady stenographer and assistant book-
ktf;w. Addr—s box 1092. Call office.
TX*CKERS on ladles' waists and children's
wear. » CC MUalon st, Sd floor.
.OPERATORS on ladles* waists. 656 Mission
at. Sd Soor.
OPERATORS on ladlea* underwear. 656 Mis-
sion et., 3d floor.
OPERATORS oa ladies" wrnsh oversklrt-. 659
Mission «t, Sd floor.
r.iACHINE operators oa men's shoe uppers. W.
• S. & L. Co.. 19th and Bryant are.
v.* ANTED — Good proofreader; state experience
. AJirew Box I_00. Call office.
GrRL for general hoosewwk. 84S Thirtieth ■_.
Oakland; call before noon.
." -CEI-P WA3TTED — *r*T r i-;
. THE ROMAYN-EHIRK REGISTER. RBNT-
; ING AND ADV. COMPANY
612 -€13 Grant Bldg..
Serent- and Market South 104.
Phoe salesman, permanent position, $13 wfc.
Cloih!r.g salesmen, rood stores, $20-$25 wk.
. cy>mp*:ent piano salesman, neat appearing,
fl80 a month.
Thre*- gents' furnishing goods salesmen. $15
i.n4 $22.
Salesman in Juvenile dept-, big store, $20.
•Thrc-*. domestic a&leemen, rood stores, $40
«*r.d $C5.
An Al porter, eight work; bonds.
. • A practical watchmaker, bench hand, $__,
• A practical dock repairer, permanent $18
and S.2.
Good stcne Fetter; Al man only.
Fir«t-c_u-8 sJl round manuf&cturinr Jeweler
ji-.-I t-rjrravcr; fine position.
An experienced chocolate dipper; good man.
A.U-rERRrS MERCANTILE) BUREAU.
fr06 Market «.. room S25. fifth floor.
Office hours. 9 a. m. to 6 p. m.
. Bookk«*per'i' assistant $15 to $25 week
Ftenojrrapher $15 -week
■'.■■■ •;■ v-r department store. $25 week
• Bill and entry clerk $15 week
• Drujr clerk $12 week
O»«ck*r $15 week
Timekeeper $15 week
Accountant flS to $25 week
Collector $15 week
Floor manager _, $18 week
Tyo shipping clerks $15 meek
General office work.... SI 5 week
. Clerk, city or country $15 week
Young man. learn dentistry $10 week
*06 Market at. room 325. fifth floor.
£06 Market et. room S25. fifth floor.
WANTEX> — Young American clerk for office
man; country; must understand typewriting,
keep plain accounts, seme plain draughting;
tracing, etc. ; to tbe right kind of freneral
utility office man. salary will be $UO and
found. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
C28 b&ez—mento st
EXPERIENCED shift boss for Cinnabar mine,
S3 day; man for milk depot, $60 and room,
call early Monday morning: French cook,
country. $C5 ard found, and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st
AT HORD & SMITH'S,
■Contractors' Agents. 93 Third st
Bartender. $25 and found, near dty.
. Corral man for c_mj>. {35 and found. Bay
PriOre. •
Dye man, experienced. $15 to $20.
Solicitor for tea and coffee, big Inducements.
Amador County, teamsters. %2.
THE TCATIOafAL EMPLOYES' REGISTER
COMPANY.
Jewelry engraver. $150.
Shipper and packer, experience.; good pay.
Watchmaker, dry. $100.
Many other positions open. Call at office,
Cl Third St. rooms 0-10.
ANDRE'S office. 311 Stockton — Cake baker;
M_ a week; 1oe creamer; rood wag«*; family
f-ok, tttu; waiter, $30; porter, institution,
*-"•. aad otbers.
.DAUBERS — Two-enalr -hep for cato at Reno,
Nev.; good business; combination and hy-
drau'.le chairs; price «3«0: rwit $2O. For
particulars call at EECKEX. -c FRESHER,
367 Twelfth et.. Oakland.. Cal.
WANTED — A partner In a N». 1 business; wm
eli car $75 per month; c_sh required, $400.
. Ptor particulars 2S3 Fourth st., barber shop.
GOOD barber; gooi wares : steady work. Call
. at 9 llardie place, off ICeamy st, between
Bush and Butter.
WANTED — Assistant b«firoom valet; mast
have the very best of references. Apply Bo-
hemian C'ub.
WANTED — One or two men to learn a trade;
mast hare $10 for security; no Sunday work..
Call 212 Flrrt «t.
BOY wltb some experience In grocery -ad bar.
ScventMflth nnd Eureka sts.
MHST fr°!l 2-chalr borber shop; 4 living rooms.
Mission, at Twenty-first.
l^OIt sale — Half Interest in 4-chalr barber shop.
•122 Third st.
YOUNG man who is an experienced dry goods
r.T&|;ppr wanted. Apply between 9 and 11
.' a.. in. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Yours man whs understands crat-
tnr toy*- Apply between 9 _nd 11 a. m. at
■ HALE BROS.' _^
KXPEIUENCED Jewelry aaletman wanted. An.
ply between 9 and 11 a. rn. at HALE BROS/
HOY. IB ypars; must be of good appearance
and fornlfh referenoes. S. N. WOOD _
CO.. 740 Mark« st
BAHBEK »hcp in large nnp, near city; no
PMdtinn: free rent: cheap for cash; par-
Lare. l£0<> Powell.
TED — A man of raeans and ability to
die first-class patent medicine. Apply
Hayes tt.
OET rour Bfcoes i half-soled while waitln*; 25c
' u> COc. C71 M_*ion St.. bet. lrt and 2d «ts.,
or 11 Third tt.. Examiner building.
WANTED — Good waiter: German. 2184 Ftjl-
• sent st
CHANCE for two younc men to leara the
barljer trade free. 7T,1 Mission et.
YOUNG man with ecme cash for good busl-
ntee; will make £300 mo. Bex 16-TJ, Call.
SEAMEN for Australia ard Europe. -At HER-
MAN'S PLACE. 27 Steuart *t
SOLICTTORf 5 wanted: a fine proposition: liber-
— 1 commiftica. 1-1 Geary et. room 320.
J^tJP_^AJE7TOD-^MAI,E-^Cont!nne<_,
A— MURRAY & BEADY. ; TC34-_ja CLAY ST.
Phone Main 5i>48.
Leading Employment ana I^abor Agents.
We save mo4 we hope to
BO.OUU men work In 1003. increase 60,000.
COAL MINE1U5.
OHEXJON FKEE FARE OREGON
FREE FARE OREGON FREE FARE
« _5 25
Coal min«r* for a good mine in State of Ore- 1
con; fcy contract, yard ar.d ten; big wages
c_a be made on this job; intjuire about it.
COAL MINES OREGON. COAL MINES
F&EE l'AKE. FREE FREE FAKE '
Cook and wile, nilne. 20 men, Nevada, $50 ,
round.
MISCELLANEOUS.
I, SAILMAKERS.
4 sallmakers or cailors us«d -to repairing
tails. ?2 5i* to $4 day.
11 farmhands 4 milkers. 5 choreman, boys.
COOKS AND WAITERS.
Cook, near city, $60 found.
l'orters. kitchen hands wjid dishwashers.
mjgjRAY & U12ADY, 634-636 Clay Bt
DHt'O' CLERK!"
R*Ei»t*red drug clerk, ctty store, $05.
James Kinsley, stonemason, please report
Sewing machine operators for sewing sails,
*2 60 day.
Paper-anger, long Job, country, $3 day.
FLOUR PACKER.
: Flour packer, steady Job, flour mill, $2 50
day.
Young butcher, run order wagoa. $30 found.
Assistant butcher, country shop. $23 found.
liellbcy. city hotel. 510 acd found. .
MUKRAY & READY. 834-636 Clay et
PLASTERER.
Plasterer, country Job, $5 day.
Milker and wife, Portuguese, near dty, $40
end found, easy Job.
B'Jfigy washer, city Job, $70.
MURltAY A. READY. 634-638 Clay st
SPECIAL — Bookkeeper and stenographer; first-
class country position with chajice for ad-
vancement; see bess here.
Bookkeeper and etenoerapber for a ranch;
aee boss here.
MURRAY & PJ_ADY. C34-630 Clay st
HIGH GRADE POSITIONS OPEN.
If you are a competent man. unemployed
or dissatisfied with your position, we can
place you. Investizete our plan of securing
positions In clerical, technical and mercantile
lines, paying from $1000 to $5000 yaar. In-
terviews strictly confidential. Offices and
representatives in many cities. Commercial
Clearance Company, suite 415-10 Starr King
bldg.. 117 Geary st
MEN— The onry original Moler Barber College
teaches barber trade In 8 weeks; wages
earned while learning.
New quarters and new appliances.
Call or write for Illustrated catalogue.
Koier Barber College, 64D Sacramento st
Lately moved from Clay st
DRAUGHTSMAN wanted for gas engine num.
facturing company; competent of doing ac-
curate work; need not be capable of design-
ing; give references; good position for right
party. Address 3 D. box 12C8, Call.
WANTED — By a large soap manufacturer, 3
farmer's sons In each State, with riga, to
call on the country merchants; salary $100 a
month and expenses ana contract for one
year. Buffalo Chemical Co., Buffalo, N. Y.
A PLEASANT faced, fine appearing registered
physician and surgeon; must be quite gray,
but active; positively no other; no traveling;
•alary $200 or more wben well started. Call
at 25 Third st
WANTED — Men to prepare for railway mall,
internal revenue and custom-house positions;
free catalogue. Pacific Correspondence Insti-
tute, Grant bldg.. 1095 Market: open evgs.
AN experienced gardener, who thoroughly un-
derstands the propagating of plants, orna-
mental bedding, greenhouse, fruit and vege-
tables, wishes situation; refs. Box Vi(K>, CalL
WANTED — Men and women to learn the bar-
ber trade, under flret-class instructor; only «
weeks required at GILLETTS SCHOOL, 611
Commercial Bt
BARBERS — One of the best-paying shops, with
baths, in good coast town, at a bargain; call
and let us explain. DECKELMAN BROS.,
106 Ellis st.
BARBERS — 3-chalr shop for sale: rent, light
and water (hot and cold), $16 50; income
$200 month; price $350. MULLER & HALL.
928 Second et. Sacramento.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third St.; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night
TRY our men's shoes, union made; $1 and $1 54
pair; foot-form shoes. $2 CO;' we pay express
charges. 11 Sd st. Exam, bid.; open tin 9 p.m.
WANTED — Men to fill S50 rooms _t 20c per
night; clothes closets, hair mattresses, elec-
tric light in every room. 681 Howard, nr. 3d.
FOUR young men for cruise to South Seas.
At HERMAN'S, 26 St*uart et
MEN to learn the detective business; paid
while learning. 9S7 Market Bt.. room 104.
4-CHAIR barber shop for sale cheap; owner
golnr East 21S Montgomery ave.
MEN. learn the barber trade; tuition free to
lucky one. 741 Howard st • -:'" f\
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
tbe world at HERMAN'S. 26 Eteuart st
MEN wanted at 137 3d st. where shoes are re-
paired by machinery; sewed soles 10 znin.. 75c
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
chips. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson st
LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 328 Montgy., r.415.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullis, r. 40. Phelan bid.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomaa Post. O. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; S5c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
ALL «lzes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 671 Mission st.. bet. 1»t and 2d ata.
HOUSES . ABfP WAGO-T3/
FOR eah? — Six well matched young pwitle work
horses from 1400 to 1600 pounds. 1443 Harri-
son st, between Tenth and Eleventh.
TWO-HORSE expresB wagon, one brood mars,
1 two-e*ated business buggy, 1 buggy har-
ness. PHILBRICK, 449% Guerrero st
TWO carloads broke horses, weighing from
1000 to 1600 pounds, at Western Horse Mar-
ket E. STEWART & CO., 220 Valencia.
THE quarterly bulletin of S. F. Veterinary Col-
lege now reedy; mallei free upon application
to DR. E_ J. CREELY. Pres.. 510 Golden Gate
CHEAP; one single and one double pendle top
wa&on and 5 business. wagons. 1508 Folsom.
NICE big young black horse: rider, driver;
$100. VICTOR, 1523 Howard st.
FINE business buggy, light buggy, phaeton,
panel top delivery wagon cheap. 623 Fulton.
GOOD business horse for sale. $35; a bargain.
215 Twenty-seventh st.
WANTED — Business bugiry: state condition
and price. Box 1005, Call office.
BLACK horse, 6 years old, for sale. Box 1699,
Call office.
FOR sale — Phaeton* and harr.esa. Box 4509,
Call office.
FOR sale — 10 eecond-hand express wagons, one
single truck.' 233 Beale «t.
AUCTION vale of horses, wagons and harness
erery Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth st
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons,, bar.
nee*, work & driving horses. 15th -Valencia.
A WEEK'S news for B cents — The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMESEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery
ELEGANT detached residence, 1818 Green Bt. ;
marine vtew, garden; che&p; 11 roexns. Ap-
ply 7.'i2 Mills bulldlBg. ■ , -
UNFURNISHED cr • partly furnished home;
Precldio H<tlehts;> S rooms and bain. Box,
737. Call office. ,
________———__————__———————-——-————————_. 1
$15 — HOUSE with'G rooms, closets and cellar.
1311 York St.. between 25th and 26th.
A WEEK'S news for 0 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 new, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HOUSES rUKNISHED- FOR SALE.
FOR SALE — Partly furnished modern house,
7 rooma 2 baths. Inquire bttwten 10 and -
on Sunday or before 11 a. m. during week,
1437 Masonic ave. ..'■'.'
FrRNITUP_3 and carpets. 5 rooms. 341 Eighth j
ave.. Richmond District; cottage for rent.
Apply 0 to 12 and after G p. m. o
McALLISTER, 043 — Furniture 5 rooms, $225,
In 7-room bouse. Call after Sunday.
SIXTH. ' BOG— 5 rooms complete , for housekeep^
In-: cheap. -.-.■.
$6 50 — COTTAGE; to save rent can keep chick-
ens, etc. 172 Blake «t. near Geary st
cars. West
$16 — 5-ROOM cctt— ge on Cottage row, nr. Web-
at-r. bat _utter and Bush. Inquire No. ' 7. 1
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL!, MONDAY, DECEMBER .5, 1904;
HOTBX.S.
HOTEL BALTIMORE, 1015 Van Ness ave.—
This R»t-£laM hotel, now being conducted on
American plan, especially for families for the
Ff-ascn or year. Location Is unsurpassed. The
equipments are all modern, with every con-
venience. The rooms are large, sunny and
comfortable; auperb view; furnishings are all
' elegant: Cuisine highest order. H. C. SHAN-
NON, manager, formerly of Hotel Langha-a,
N. Y.. and Moana Hotel, Honolulu.
XBrSTAtliMEICT BUrDDOTO.
i BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.
Installment homes, f. 12 Callaehan building,
will bullil on your property or buy you a lot;
$8 a month pays principal and Interest on
each $1UOO of balance due, making your in-
Etal!m?nts lesy than rent; send for circular.
INVES TMEETTS.
RARE bargain; American Marconi Wireless
stock at $3 DO par share; transfer and quick
delivery guaranteed; can supply any unlisted
stock at bargain price; write me your wants. 1
E. COWPEat-T»nVAITE, Stockton. Cal. "
lost and ro-rep. v>l
LOST — Saturday, lady's hand bag, containing 1
over $4 in money, gold eyeglasses and cards;
liberal reward if glasses, etc., are returned
. to 1-26 Masonic ave.
LOST — Pair of gold-rimmed eyeglasses In case,
going from 13th et. and Woodward ave. to '
14th and Valencia sts. 37 Woodward ave.
LOST — Wedding ring at Herrlck's Fish Store,
2518 Miseion st. ; engraved inside, "From L. 1
to F.. Oct.. 1803"; flnd-r return to above!
\ address and receive reward.
LOST — A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of SUSAN E. GALLICK, No. 284-962.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — Drop oft diamond brooch; finder will:
be suitably rewarded by returning same to
_;21 Devisadero st
LOST— rVarl brooch. Saturday; return to 921
Valencia st. ; reward.
LAUNCHES POK HIKE.
! C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO., foot ©t CJay
j st; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
BIATBIMOITIAX,. '
A REFINED young lady would like to cor-
respond with an honorable gentleman; object
matrimony; no agents. Box 1676, Call office.
WISH to meat respectable Jewish lady; object
matrimony; etata Information. Box 1543,
Call office. -.-;..-. , .
MATTEESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard st. ; phone South 216.
1-EDICAL. '
LADIES who are in trouble or suffering from
any ailment Decullar to their sex can find
immediate relief by consulting Dr. White,
the only graduate physician in San Fran-
cisco who has devoted a lifetime to helping
women; 17 years' experience without a fail-
ure has put him at the head. He guaran-
tees relief or no pay.
DR. WHITE. 702 Market st. rooms 7 and 8.
DR6. GOODWIN has returned from Europe;
estab. 18S4 in S. F. ; -0 years' experience;
female complaints only; Drs. Goodwin la well
known to enjoy the Implicit confidence of
ladies suffering from irregularities or other
conditions; relief assured or no charge; avoid
delay; fee low; hours £ to 4 and 6:3a to 8:30
p. m. £50 Market st. second floor, room 37.
LADIES — Possibly I'm not the cheapest nor
yet the oldest specialist here, but I AM a
RELIABLE graduate physician. When In
trouble confide In me. Irregularities relieved;
the unfortunate helped; I promise best at-
tention and no dancer: I guarantee prompt
results cr no charge. Room 1. Est. 14 years.
DR. E. Q. WEST, 305 Kearny st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008U Market st., opp. 6th.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and Irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 944 Post st
DR. G. W. CDONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this cpeclalist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 1018 Market st •
CANCERS, floating - kidney rectal, eplnal dio-
eases cured painlessly. MRS. ADA. 1024 Mlsw
■ton st. -f
TALBOT BARNARD. Australian Norve Spec-
ialist, has arrived; limited number patients
treated home; consultation free. 3221 21st st
LADIES suffering from Irregularities, sick or
in trouble, consult Dr. Sylvester, 219 Kearny
at. ; relief guaranteed; no drugs.no operations.
MRS. DR. GWYER, 611 A Leavenworth St., be-
tween Geary and O'Farrell. Tel. East 697.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
criminal method of treatment 1128 Market
LADIES — Kumround; safe, sure, never falls;
$2. Gleason-Ruggles Drug Co., Kearny St Clay.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2995 Folsom st, corner
26th: ladles, relief or no fee; $10. •
MISCELLAKEOTTS — FOS SAX.E.
2D-HAND machinery, engine, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOEH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Have you a leaky tin, shingle, felt or Iron
roof? Cover It with Mastio Roofing. It Is best
for old and new roofs, and for valleys, gutters,
dtcks. balconies, etc. Mastta Roof Paint and
Roofing Cement will stop small leaks. Write
us about It. Klaterite Roofing Co., 713 Market
FOR eale — Full stock of hunting dogs, broken
and unbroken; setters and spaniels. St Ber-
nard, collies, cockers, dachshund, skye, bull
and bull terriers; shipped to all parts C. O.
D. at half rates. College Kennels. 115 Haight
at; phone Park 442. Doge boarded.
AN elegant assortment of diamonds, Jewelry
and sealskins for sale on small weekly pay-
ments; goods delivered on first payment
UNITED TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton st
BURNETTS improved paint best preservative;
.manufactured for all kinds of buildings,
"wood or metal; underground or water and
above. Address or call 306 Parrott bldg.
A — BUYS, pells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. _5U-25r ( Spear at
A— THE (P. J. Co.) California virgin gold
wedding rings for sale by the PORTLAND
JEWELRY CO.. 25 Stockton st
FURS — Drummer wil> close out wholesale sam-
ple line; you save 60 to 100 per cent; after-
noons. 8O5i Market st'., room 50, Flood bldg.
A NEW Cadillac auto 1 for sale; big reduction;
entirely equipped with extras. Box 17C8,
Call office
FOR eale — 10-horsepower gasoline engine; In
perfect order; reasonable price. Inquire 548
Sycamore st, Oakland.
REPUTABLE place to rent gents' full dress.
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits. J. COOPER.
21 Stockton st. (formerly at Palace Hotel.)
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st. Exam, bid.; catalog free.'
DIAMONDS and Jewelry, on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'S, 137 Mont-
gomery st., room 12, upstairs.
DOMESTIC sewing machine; new style;
drophead: oak; cheap. 1915 Mission st nr. 1
Fifteenth.' , .
FOR sale — Thoroughbred fox terrier puppies at I
reasonable prices. 1915 Eddy st)
THOROronBHED Irish setter pups. 1114
Vermont st. city. . ■
A FINE large diamond and emerald cluster
ring; a big bargain; $350. Hesthal, 10 Gth et.
WILLOW ave.'. 8. off Larkln, near Eddy — Of-
fice desk; roller top; $15.
FANCY pigeons, runts, homers,' hen pigeons.
C. Wilson. 229 Stevenson; stamp for catalog.
FINE 6tereopticon and phonograph; "a ' snap
103 Montgomery »t
MINIATURE railroad; dirt cheap. < 103 Mont-
gomery Et.
FORTUNE wheels to let at WINK'S, 17 City
Hall ave.
ELEGANT walnut bank counter and grill:
bargain. MEEK, 808 Mission «t
HIGHEST cash price . paid for diamonds at
PAUL V. QARIN'S. 114 Sutter st
TOWEY'S furniture polish removes spots and
- stains; free delivery. 370 Fell 8 t • - : ,.
GAS engines,, centrifugal pumps; highest grade; I
lowest prices. Price Pump Co., C23 Market St.- ;
SAFES and cash registers; new and " second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1325 Market St.-
2D-HAND bldg. material; lumber.- door, sash,
plumb.' material/ The Dolan Co.,. 1007 Market.
FULL lino of drummers' samples In grips and
..trunks: 'for sale cbeaD at 25 Stockton st -,
artSCTBIiI, AKSOUS--gOSjjj AM— Con.
FOR sale — Gentleman's new solid gold I vest
chain and very nne quartz locket Box 15C4
Call office. -
AN elegant sealskin for sale for $75. SECUR-
ITY LOAN & TRUST CO., 21 Stockton st.
DESKS bought, sold and exchangod. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. S07 Mission gt; tel. South 811.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sate, rental;
bargains. Bullard A Breck, 131 Post st
SAFES— New and second-hand. \ THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery at.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and Iaunch«a;
all sires. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont at. -
ROOMS papered, $4 up: tinting, painting.
Hartraann Paint Co.. 319 Third: tel. Main 413.
MISC2_.I.Air_0TJ3 WANTS.
AAAAAA— Buys any amount good second-hand
■ clothing; special price for fanoy ladies' and j
men's clothes. 922 Folsom; tel. Folsom 3922.
AAAAA— Highest prices forladlea', gents' caat-
off clothing. Tel. Da via 8-5. CgQ Sacramento st.
CAL. HOUSE WRECKING CO.. NW. cor!
Tenth and Mission sts., pays highest price
for houses; clears ground on short notice.
DIAMONDS and precious stones bought for
cash. KARL EBER A CO.. r. 405. Adams
bldg.. 206 Kearny st; phone Black 3036.
Levy A Redl-r, highest price for gents' cast-off
clothing, shoes; tel. Red 1544. 615 Washington
MONEY TO .feOAIT.
—MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (Inc.)—
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN ;...
....INTEREST 6% AND 6 PER CENT....
CITY. OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRY
PROPERTY
Second mortgages, life insurance policies, es-
tates in probate, undivided interests In prop-
erty, probate realty loans, stocks and bonds, i
legacies and undivided interests in property I
purchased. ,
;. MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY i
t Suite 107-108 Crocker bldg. ; phone Main 5024.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
Wben You Need Money,
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
1st. 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate, .*
In city, town or country.
Low rate of interest.
Give full particulars
of property.
Location, etc.
Box 2-3. Call office.
A— THE Portland Jewelry Co., 25 Stockton et,
loans money on diamonds, valuables, etc., at
2 per cent per month; fire and burglar-proof
eafe: deposit vault on premises for free use
of cuotomere. ■ _^
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake, 453 Parrott' bid.
A — ON furniture or pianoa at lowest rates; no
removal; no publicity; also on real estate;
1st or 2d mortgages or on any security; any
amount O. W. BECKER, 86 Geary, room 36.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
900 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; eaey payments; large business in 46
principal cities. TOLMAN. 553 Parrott bldg.
ON salaries. Insurance policies, chattel mort-
gages, diamonds, valuables, etc. UNITED
LOAN AND TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton st.
near Market
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture, Indorsed notes and other security. S.
F. Discount Agency, 125-127 Phelan bldg.
PRIVATE — Money loaned on salaries without
security; diamonds or chattels; no fee; no
com.; cut rate. Cal. Loan Co.,623 Parrott bid.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos: no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
private, confidential. 26 Montgomery, rm. 21.
MONET to loan at low interest; ' gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st
MONEY loaned in sums from ? 10 upward: rea -
sonable interest. A. O. Colton, 717 Mills bid.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches, jewelry;
confd. Diamond Parlor Jewelry Co., 722 Mkt
TO salaried people without security. The White
Co., 420 California st. rooms 14 and IS.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
us. Huttcn Credit Co.. 012 Mutual Bank bldg.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311, Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds & jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN, room 81. 6 Eddy st
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner building.
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Call. 16 paces.' sent to any address in th*
United StatM or Canada one year for $1.
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED — $2700; first mortgage country prop-
erty; splendid security: IVi per cent interest;
principals' only. Box 15SS, Call office.
WANTED — To borrow for two years, $2000 at
6 per cent; first mortgage. Box 1027. Call.
MUSICAL INST-UXMESTTS.
A NUMBER OF BARGAINS IN UPRIGHTS.
A small upright, a snap $03
Btodart mahogany case, fine condition... $130
Grovesteen & Fuller, full size concert. .$143
Fischer, thoroughly repaired 516O
Bechstefn, a high-grade German Instru-
ment $170
Also a Chlckering. Voso, Bteinway, Weber,
Mason & Hamlin. Sterling and many others.
Easy payments. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON 16
O'Farrell at . '
A .GREAT . opportunity — We are closing out
our entire Seattle stock in S. F. at prices
never heard of before; all makes; your
term* are our terms; rents $2 up; allowed if
purchased. HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237
Geary st. S. F. ; Oakland. 1252 Broadway.
PARTY must sell large Steinway upright;
cost $700; price $285; will accept payments;
no reasonable cash offer refused. 237
Geary st
FOR SALE — Two fine old master violins; grand
tone; at a bargain. 2514 McAllister st.
FOR sale — Good ■ upright piano; fine condl-
, tion. £21 Howard st, tailor shop.
BEAUTIFUL new upright pianos for rent, $3
p«r month; one year's rental allowed If pur-
chased. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 5C0 Hayes st
A SMALL Steinway upright; coat $500; $183
takes it. 237 Geary st .
FISCHER upright; cost $350; will sell for $00.
237 Geary st
FOR honest and fair dealing, Hornung Piano
House. 216 McAllister Bt. ■ ■ -
ELEGANT uprights.new & 2d-hand,$45 to $500.
Pierce's Piano Factory,' Market and 14th sts.
SOIIMER, Byron Mauzy pianos, Cecelian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. S08-312 Post st
NEW upright pianos Bold on> $5 monthly pay-
menta. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
8-PEDAL Steinway up; Chtckering baby grand;
Bhonlng-er, little used. Keeffe's, 285 O'Farrell.
OXTXCXtS AXTD STOHE3 TO _•_!_.
A FEW more select business offices for rent In
the Italian-American Bank building, S_. cor-
ner Montgomery and Sacramento streets, sin-
gle or. In suites, at reasonable prices; every
office has cabinets with running water, elec-
tric light, steam heat, pneumatic "sweepers.
Bafe and 'all modern- improvements uo to
date;. light, heat and Janitor service lnclud-ed
In the rent G. H..UMBSEN & CXX," .
..... '-'..-•M Montgomery St ;
TO lease^ — A 1 store In course of construction; In
excellent- locatl&n; brisk opportunity, for dry
goods; temperance : grocery, shoe store; floor
area 1700 square feet; ready'Jan.' 15: near
Market: Sixteenth : and Noe st*. ; ' $50. Box
1473. Call. .'. v.
$9 — SHOP suitable for any .-, kind mechanical
, business. C. ; J. ; BARRON, 1219 : Market • st
OAK, cor. Broderick— Large store suitable : for
grocery, and . saloon ; i opposite \ carhousa.
TO let— Store and 3 i rooms at 3404 Mission
-st-Apply at; 7r Thirtieth st.
MARKET. 719-^Front , suite of rooms for of-
. -flees: central * location. - -.- ' ■
PXT-tCItASINQ AQEBTCTXS7~ ~~
CLARA' E: JEWETT. purchasing agent; coun~"
try orders a 1 specialty; correspondence solicit-!
ed.' 305 Larkin ; st'. ! room 49; tel. ; South 310.
■V ■'."■ ! ;pa__sstts.. .
INVENTIONS patented. . F. P. ' t MEDINA; at- '
,' torney-at-law. « Hobart bldg.; 533 Market Bt r
1 ------- -----
"R-E-X-R-A-D-I-P-'S B-U-L-L-E-T-I-N."
FEW SAMPLES OUT OF HUNDREDS.
"REXRADIO'S" (non-medical) i treatment for
ALL alleged INCURABLE diseases.
"REXRADIO'S" TERMS are moderate; con-
aultatlon. diagnosis FREE.
"NAMES" of patients (following) can be seen
at offices. : _ : - . ■
"PHYSICIAN," ONE OF THE MOST PROM-
INENT IN CITY. WAS, LAST WEEK.
PUBLICLY TREATED BY REXRADIO
FOR DEAFNESS, AND INSTANTLY
HEARD "WHISPER" AT SO FEET.
"OSSIFIED" lady. Mrs. Knowlee. 379 Bart-
lett. STILL freely moves her years' SOLID
Jointa. "
"REXRADIO" quickly cured my agonizing,
crippling LUMBAGO.
"REXRADIO'S" (first) treatment removed
my severe, chronic STOMACH trouble.
"REXRADIO" promptly, thoroughly cured my
dangerous LUNG disease.
"REXRADIO" Instantly made my totally deaf
DEAF ear hear distant whisper.
"REXRADIO" cured my disabling SCIATICA;
I run, leap, easily.
"BEDRIDDEN" for years; I rose from bed
unaided; 1 treatment . ,
"REXRADIO" instantly cured my tongue
PARALYSIS and I spoke well. I
"REXRADIO" speedily cured my PARALY-
SIS: I run and leap. . |
"REXRADIO" saved me from Imminent |
BLINDNESS: sight now perfect
"KEXRADIO'S few treaments cured my
CANCER, large as hen's egg^
"REXRADIO'S" 1 treatment freed my AN-
CHYLOSEp helpless limbs.
"REXRADIO" made my DEAF MUTE pa-
tlent begin hear, speak.— PHYSICIAN..
"REXRADIO" cured us of 10 severe chronlo
diseases; see us. ■
"REXRADIO" has cured many (distant) pa-
tients he has never seen.
"$1000 FORFEIT" If above statements are
not absolutely TRUE.
"REXRADIO'S" new WEEKLY CIRCULAR
will Interest you; call for it.
"REXRADIO'S" office hours 2 to 7. Free
public healing TO-DAY, 2 and 8 p. m. CUT
OUT these ads for SICK FRIENDS. Ra-
dium Hall, 1 Fourth st. (cor. Market.)
A FACE without a wrinkle may be the pos-
session of any one who takes the full treat-
ment for the removal of facial imperfections
practiced by M. ELLA HARRIS; simple
rejnedy. based upon scientific principles; per-
manent In effect; proofs shown; send for free
booklet "Hints on Beauty." M. ELLA HAR-
• RIS, 128 Geary Bt
AA— WHY look old? •
Fifteen-day rate will now be given by
MME. QILLINGHAM: a lady 72 years of
age with wrinkles and pufflness removed
from one side of, the face can be seen dally.
143 Stockton st, cor. Geary.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves its growth.stops falling, cures dandruff
and Itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp ;at druggists', hairdressers': ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co..l33S Polk.
WANTED — Men and women to learn how to
cultivate personal magnetism by mail. Send
name and address to H. . W. HILKER. 673
Willow ave., San Francisco. - >„— .-.-.
ADVERTISING WORLD, Columbus, Ohio,, a
monthly Journal of Information, plans, sug-
gestions and Ideas for advertising. Send to-
day for free sample, or 10c for 4 months' trial.
OXYGEN massage cures weakness and nervous
troubles Office, 820 Starr King bldg. 121
Geary st MRS. HOLSHOUSER, magnetlo
specialist; ladles and gentlemen.
A RELIABLE woman wishes to clean laee cur-
tains; flrst-claso work; work called for.
Phone Folsom 2e39. .:•;
DETECTIVE — Private detective; all classea le-
gitimate work promptly attended to. HARRY
ROGERS. 818 O'Farrell. Phone Sutter 2634.
IMPORTANT — Any ona knowing the address
of FRANK G. CNBIL will receive a reward
If sent to box 1482, Call Office, 8. F.; Cal.
FANCY and silk dresses carefully washed.
JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRY, estab.
. 1699. 2122 FlUmore st. : phone Geary 2053.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market st
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 60 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post st, near Powell.
ELECTRIC light baths; hot and cold tub
baths. 4G7 Geary st .
C. E. JEWETT, purchasing agent; country
orders. 80S Larkln. r. 49. tel. South 319.
SUITS to order "on Installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS CO.. the tailors. 729 Market st
EASY installments for Men and Youths. Suits
to order. Co-operative Tailoring, 1117 Mkt
$1 a week; suits to order $15 up. LEMOS. 1127
Market st, bet Seventh and Eighth. "
ONE dollar weekly keeps you in fine clothing.
Art Tailoring. 1644 Mkt. under St. Nicholas.
ELEGANT suits to order, extra pants or fancy
- vests, for $14 75. Fred Wagner, 850 Market
Superfluous hair removed; electrto needle. Mrs.
• Eaton,3e9 Sutter. Mlsa Eaton.233 Geary.r.3S.
TAILOR-MADB suit $7 SO; dress pants $2 60.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
MASQUERADE ' costumes, play books, wigs;
, country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its nautral color. $1 at all druggists*.
PHTSIOXAWS AND STOQEOITS.
DR. Cr~C.'o'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021 % Market st. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
.DR. BALL, 1073% Market at
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor.
. treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason at., now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st, near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dis-
eases cured by Cfhlnese herbs. 746-8 Clay st
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new methods; 1 week'3
treatment free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter.
DEPARTMENT of the Interior, United States
Geological Survey, Reclamation Service,
Washington. D. C. Nov. . _S, 1004.— Sealed
proposals will be received at the office of the
United States Reclamation Service, Montrose,
-.Colo..- until .2 o'clock p. m., December 31,
. 1904, for the construction of a frame build-
ing for the accommodation of the offices nec-
essary for the use of the United States Rec-
lamation Service in connection with the con-
' etructlon and maintenance of the Uncom-
pahgro Valley project. Specifications, form
of proposal and plan's may be inspected at
the office of the Chief Engineer of the Unit-
ed States Reclamation Service, Washington,
D. C: at the office of the District Engineer,
United States Reclamation Service, < Chamber
of - Commerce building. Denver, Colo., and
at the office of the United States Reclama-
'' tion Service, Mcntrose. Colo. Each bid must
be ; accompanied : by a certified check for 5
Cper cent of the amount of the bid, payable
-to the order of the Secretary of the Interior,
aa a guaranty that the . bidder will, if suc-
cessful, promptly execute a satisfactory con-
: tract and furnish bond in the sum of 50 per
; cent of ■ the contract price for the faithful
performance of - the . work. It : is understood
that all bids are submitted subject to the
sufficiency of th^ title to the land upon
which it is proposed to erect the building.
The right is reserved to reject any or all
bids, to accept one part and reject the other,
and to walv* technical defects, as the Inter-
ests of the service may require. Bidders are
j -invited to be . present. "- Proposals must be
marked, "Proposals for the Construction of
> Office Building. Uncompehgre Valley . Pro-
ject" E. A. HITCHCOCK, Secretary.
SALE ■< of ■ Government ■ Property — Office Depot
V- Quartermaster, 86 New Montgomery st, San
• Francisco. Cal., Dec ! 1/ 1904. — Sealed propos-
als. In triplicate, will be received at this of-
fice until 10 , o'clock a. m., Tuesday. Decem-
• ber 20. 1004, - and -: then opened, ;■ for the pur-
chase of damaged khaki clothing, vis: 122,666
coats, 10§,049 trousers ' (foot). 1112 . trousers
• (mounted), samples of which can be seen at
■ this, depot Further Information and -blank
• - proposals . will be f urnisned on application.
■ ; Envelopes • containing < proposals ■ should -be
marked "Proposals for^ Khaki Clothing,", to
: be opened : December 20, ' 1904, ' and : addressed
to MAJOR C. A. DEVOL. Q. M.. U. S. A.,
Depot Quartermaster. . ;
UNITED ■ STATES - Engineer's Office, Flood
••-• building, San Francisco, CaL, Nov. 8, '1904. —
' Sealed : proposals f^r dredging in Napa River.
> Cal., will be received . here until 12 '. noon,
December 8 - 19Ot. - Information on applica-
; . tion; W.^H. HEUER; Col:. Engrs.
$20,000 MUNICIPAL water .works bonds, town
'. of Wheatland : for sale, untaxable. ; bearing 3
\rper cent: Interest; 'serial, 40 years; bids .will
} be. received up to Monday. ' Dec. , 5, 1904,' cer-
' stifled check of. 10 percent to accompany, bid.'
- For . information : address ; R. '. N. - MURPHY,
• Town Clerk, Wheatland. Cal."- -
BEAI. ESTATE— CITY— fOB SALE.
ONLY A FEW LEFT.
$1 £5 PER WEEK.
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
$200 for choice lots, Excelsior Homestead
Tract; level as a billiard table; on gra<l«;
close to fine school and Mlssion-st. electric
cars: bound to double in value.
$100 each, on Installments of $10 per month;
no taxes; fine lots, near Ocean 'boulevard:
best residence location smth of Golden Gate
Park; these are -the cheapest lots In this dis-
trict; advancing in price repldly.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery St.. r. 8. Phone Main 5704.
$5700— IF you want a 7-room modern home
you cannqt do better; take Masonlc-ave. car
and get off at Shrader st. ; owner on the
premises/ 1047 Shrader «t.
NEW, sunny flats, $7000; half cash; Golden
Gate ave.. near Central ave. ; 5 and 6 rooms,
bath; attics; 2 basements-; rooms tinted and
frescoed: open dally; street work complete.
MARINE view lot. 23x137:6. with L 30x100;
Filbert, bet Broderick and Baker, MULLER,
Bay and Webster.
$9500— INCOME $1020; tax paid; 4 flats, 3
blocks from Market st 1517 Market at
FOR sale— Nicely furnished house. 12 rooms.
233 Third st *
STANDARD portabla shower baths sold by
Ahlbach & Mayer, plumbers. 838 Howard at
FOR sale — 6-room cottage and bath. 41 Rich-
land avenue. Owner on premises Sunday.
A BRANCH office of Th- Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions h-s
been opened at IOCS Market st, opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
X&EAX. ESTATE— COUNTS T— For Sale.
WHITE _ BAYLEY.
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
EXCHANGES.
LODI. LODL
The town that has the "SNAP" to It; tha
section that has the most fertile soil In the
San Joaquin Valley; fine roada; water trans-
portation.
We are subdividing a choice tract In 10-acra
lots; only 2Va milen from town; surrounded by
modern homes and fine orchards and vineyard*:
toil rich, black, sandy loam 12 feet deep;
school on the tract; $75 per acre. This will no«
last over 30 days; first come, first served. Ad-
joining land sold for $125.
$8500— Close to Napa City; BO acres rich,
level land; 35 acres In orchard 12 years eld;
good 8-rocm house; large barn, windmill and
tank; drying plant, poultry yards; horsesv cat-
tle; farming tools; good furniture; fine Income;
half cash.
$1800 — Close to Sebastopol; 10 acres fine land;
* acres bearing prunes, berries, garden; S acres
young apples; half cash. ' /
$500 -lown — ltiO acres and use of 40 more; 2
miles of postoffice; In Sonoma County; rolling
land;' 8 acres vines; orchard: finely fenced;
building alone cost $2000; house 7 rooms; barn,
wagon-shed, poultry-houses yards; 1500 cords
wood; some stock; furniture; price $2500.
$400 down — 40-acre dairy and poultry ranch:
2 good dwellings, barn, poultry-houses, incuba-
tor; 6 cows, 15 Angora goats. 2 horses, buggy;
tools; 10 tons of hay; only 1 mile of town; in-
vestigate quick; $2000.
$5500 — Only 1 mile of Haywards: 37 acres
fine land: 4 acres bearing orchard; modern
house 6 rooms and bath; finest barn In county,
alone cost $4000; fine view; this is the best buy
in the vicinity.
$'-'<;S0 — North of Watsonville ; 65 acres, 8 acres
full bearing apples. 9 in grain; fine berry
patch; 40 acrea timber; flowing stream; 9- room
house; large barn and granary; water piped to
buildings. We have a choice selection of fruit
and grain ranches at reasonable prices In this
vicinity. See a few.
J2S0O — Close to Petaluma. 1 mile station; 10
acres rich loam; family orchard; among beau-
tiful oaks; modern cottage, 5 rooms, bath;
good barn, poultry-houses, outhouses; horse,
cow, 80 hens, buggy, etc. ; will add 12 acres
adjoining if desired; see this quick.
$10,000 — Close to Geyservllle; 66 acres rich
Russian River bottom; great hop land, or
adapted to alfalfa or vegetables; 12 acres vine-
yard. 12 prunes, 23 acres fine alfalfa; larga
new barn. We offer some of the finest farms
In the world In this superb section; let us
drive you around. *
$2500— Near Hopland; 45 acres rich land: 12
acres pears In bearing; family orchard; good
house and outbuildings; well fenced; Investi-
gate this.
$1500— All level. 10 acrea. 3 miles of Calls-
toga; small, orchard; good house and bam; 2
wells; near school. • • - ■ ■
ALFALFA LAND.
$50 per acre — 3 miles of Modesto; 20 acres
up: half cash:
$50 per acre — Near Lodl,' on the Woodbridg*
$5500— 40 acres, all tillable. No. 1 soil; fam-
ily orchard; mostly In grain; 6-room bouse;
good barn, windmill, blacksmith shop, poultry-
houses; near school; fine team; Jersey cow,
pigs, laylnz hens; tools; wagon, 2 buggies; all
furniture; close to Santa Bcsa.
$2750— Foothill ranch of 160 acres; near
Clayton; SO acres fine plow land; house, good
barn: family orchard; terms.
$1700 — 25 acres, close to Callstoga; adapted
to vines and trees; family orchard; cosy ft- room
cottage; good barn; fine water.
$400 down — 5 acres good land, with new,
hard finished cottage of 5 rooms and bath;
large brooder-house. 2 incubators, brooders; all
farming tools; near Petaluma; price $2000.
$S5 per acre for .sandy loam land, slightly
rolling; 3 miles west of Petaluma; In tracts
from 5 acres up. We wish to call special at-
tention to the choice homes we have in the vi-
cinity of Petaluma and want to have you
drive out with us and see them. Photos at
this office.
$2500 — 25 acres, half rolling and balance
level; near Santa Rosa, 3 miles of Kenwood;
rich land; 2 acres orchard; vineyard; creek, 2
wells; nice cottage 5 rooms; large barn;
■ fenced Into 4 fields: 5 poultry-houses, large
wire netting yards. ISO laying hens; good hor»».
5 cattle; spring wagon, top buggy; 4 tons hay;
easy terms.
$2600—10 lots at Corte Madera; 4 minutes
from depot; log cabin worth $1000, fine ehaks
cabin; stable; fine suburban home; easily worth
$3300; hot and cold water throughout; modern.
$2950 — 34 acres, near Watsonville; 200 apples;
6 acres fine potatoes; 2 acres timber: balance
grain; 5-room cottage; barn, outbuildings.
$1200— -10 acres in vina and fruit belt near
Lodl; sandy loam; 5-room house and barn.
$2500 — Near Santa Crus, 60 acres rich alluvial
soil; 8 acres orchard, mostly apples; 10 acres
grain; balance timbered pasture; 5-room house,
barn.
Send stamp for tbe largest and most diversi-
fied printed list on the coast
WHITE St. BAYLET.
Successors to
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery st. room 8.
Property Exchange a Specialty.
$5000—80 ACRES of land, all tinder eultt-a-
tion. with improvements. In orchard section
of Sutter County; only three miles from
county seat and on Una of new Irrigation
ditch.
. A snap If taken soon, but win not keep.
M. J. NEWKOM.
406 Second St.. Marysvllle. CaL
$27,000—210 ACRES. 3 MILES FROM ST.
Helena: most highly Improved land; 64 acres,
resistant, full bearing vineyard; homes fine
modern buildings (complete like city homes),
with gas plant, hot and cold running water:
telephone; splendid under ground sewer sys-
tem; latest patent plumbing, etc., with fins
redwood park and valuable water rights.
This is one of the most complete country
homes in California.' For particulars call at
1115 Broadway. Oakland, room 16, to owner. 1
DR. R. E. BAUSKE.
SOME nice country homes and rich frnit ',
ranches.' best situate d, near Haywards,
Alameda . Co., and in Eonoma Co.: occas-
ional bargains this week. Apply to Rlanda &.
Co., 627 Montgomery st, San Francisco.
EALE or exchange for city property; sacrifice;
163 acres. Napa Co.: 60 acres In cultivation;
fruit, vines and grain; fully equipped aad
paying; beautiful place: gentleman's boma.
BHADB1IRNE. 405 Montgomery at.
ATTENTION. HOMESEEKERS!
Send postal for caUlcguea of the beat land
bargains In California. C. M. WOOSTER CO.
648 Market st .
TO LET — A nice chicken ranch near Peralta
Park. Berkeley; about. 2 acres land; cottage,
barn, chicken house: good well of water. 48
Clay st. S. F.; or West Berkeley Feed Mills.
CONTRA Costa County real estate for sale.
; Send for list D. J. WEST. Martlnea. Cal.
A WEEK' 8 news for 6 cents — The Weekly CalL
-■. 16 t«~*« In wranr**c. for mnilJng. t\ per r»ar.
fr^y. y^T 110 gg A -^ ESTATE.
LOMITA PARK— On line of San Mateo electrto
cars, 45 minutes from Fifth and Market ata •
outside tbe fog belt and just beyond where
the S. P. Co.'s bay shore "cut-off" will join
the main line' 60-foot lots -from $400 up.
terms from. $10 to $50 down and balance at
rate of $10 a month; sewer and . water pipes
In front of every lot; pure artesian well
water; over one-half lots sold since August
, 1;, an exceptional opportunity to. secure a lot
in this desirable section: take the electrls
• care and get oft at "LOMITA PARK" and
".; Investigate: maps sent on application.
- SELBY. RODGERS & CO..
.; 116 California st: Tel. Main «73.
7ABMS AND EANCHES TO LEASE.
20 ACRES: house 6 , rooms, furnished; barn^
'Btable; chicken houses: for a 'term of years;
, cheap.- JOSEPH STRAUB. 630 Market. S. F.
POINT RICHMOND Z&BAX. ESTATE.
ELEGANT . ccrner lot. 32xllU. lor tale. Se«
owner. H17A Uolorra at.
PSCPEETY TTA3ITE_».
WANTED — Land warrants . approved and
tran.-;rerrable. Box 13SH. Call office.
ALAMEDA ADVERT^S'MTS
ALAMEEA SSAX. ESTAVP.
! LARGE let. 135 feet deep: any frontage: $10
per tront foot; $50 cash and $10 per month.
Call at Railroad ave. and 5th sr.-and see J.
H. YOUNG, owner, at new building.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'STS
BEAI. ESTATE.
—$.1500—
A CHOICE home on Delaware at, Berkeley; i
rooms and bath; lot 40x135: new and rcodsra;
sunny exposure; fine view; easy terms of
payment If desired; r.o trouble to show prop*
•rty. v
REALTY BCrrDS AND FINANCE CO. (la_>.
1172 Broadway, corner Fourteenth st.
Oakland.
1S-ROOM house: two blocks from Eerke'ey
station: nearly new and all modern; well
planned for boardlns-hcuse; in bent location-
lot 50x137. fronting on one of Berkeley's fin-
est avenues; will rent in part or whole: or
sell at $7000.
D. L. JUNGCK. 2111 Shattuck ave.
FOR sale — New 8-room house, finely furnished:
4 blocks from university; handy to the cars;
swell neighborhood: must be »old; price re-
duced from *475() to $i2riO; one-half caah. bal-
ance sama as rent; this ls> • bargain. Se«
owner. 2534 Regent at, Berkeley.
FOR sole — House of 7 rooms 1a East Berke-
ley, near University ave., on large lot;
. cheap for raah. Box 1554. Call. Berkeley,
BEEKILEY ROOMS AMD EOAI__.
WILSON'S Inn. 2144 University ave. — A fine.
modern house; central location. A. H. WIL-
SON.
OAKLAND ADYERT'S'-tTTS
OFFICE. 1016 BROADWAY.
OA-J-A-TD BEAT. ESTATE.
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
$150 for lot 25x100; all street work dona.
P. C. LASSEN' & CO.. 4«ti 10th it-
Oakland. CaL
A 15 PER CENT
INVESTMENT.
$36G0 — Two fiats with a 3-room cottaga:
rent3 $4.1 50 month and well located ; ownar
must have money and will sacrifice. THB
ALDEN CO.. 1233 Broadway.
HERE IS A BARGAIN!
$1800 only for a 6-room houje. with small
store: good location. See P. C. LASSEN A
CO.. 48tt Tenth st, Oakland.
WE hav» clients looking for investment* la
Oakland property. If you have either houses
or Iota fcr sala call at our office cr mall ua
full description and srtce.
C. E. REED.
468 Eleventh st. Oakland.
BARGAIN- — Beautiful 7-r. home In Piedmont;
> fine neighborhood; good location: near car
line: will sell cheap; must be seen to be ap-
preciated. Apply to E. MORRIS. 675 36th at.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
FOR RENT — That handsome, upper flat of 5
large rooma with bath, pantry, paneled din-
ing room, etc.; sunshine all day; situated
at 310 22d St., east of Webster; has 1— rs;s
separate yard In rear; owner takes care of
lawn, ashes, garbatre, etc.; rent for $27 per
month. Apply to
JAS. 8. NAISMITH,
534 13th st.
OAXIvA-TP BOOMS TO LET.
ADELINE. 733 — Room to let
WEST. 1061. Oakland — Room to let
OAKLAND TTTB-TZTTTBE FOB SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furni-
ture. H. Schelhaas. 11th st.cor. store. Oakland
San Francisco AdvertisenVts
_^JBOO_1S^POB^ KOXJS2CEEPINO.
BRYANT. 421—2 sunny rooma. nicely fur-
nished for housekeeping; gas.
DIAMOND, 819 — Two rear rooms; furnished.
$7; unfurnished. $5.
FELL, 937 — Elegantly furnished housekeeping
suite; gag range; sun all day.
FIFTH. 353 — Three furnished housekeeping
rooms, $15; 2 fur. hkpg. $13 60; single. $_
FILLMORE, 33 22 A — Three sunny rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; rent $16.
FOLSOM. ' 834— Single housekeeping; room;
porch and stationary wa-htub. '
FOLSOM. 322S — 3 furnished rooms, com pie tt
for housekeeping: cheap.
FOURTH. 491 — 2 rooms furnished for house-
keeping ; gas stove: no children.
GEARY. 917 — Furnished housekeeping room-
In _Vx>d location.
GEARY. 1937 — Three nicely furnished house-
keeping rooms. Call between 0 and 3.
GEARY, 1225 — Fine front, sunny, bay-wtndow
suite; all conveniences; location of U>e best;
marine view: terms reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 404 — Furnished house-
keeping suits; gas range; running water;
adults. >
GOLDEN GATE ave.. S57 — N*wly fur. sunny
rooms; hot. cold water; porcelain bath; gaa.
GOLDEN GATE, 631 — Single rooms; famished
for housekeeping.
GREENWICH. 1433, near Polk — Fumlahed <*
unfurnished rooms to let; marina view.
GROVE. 32 — Unfurnished rooms for house*
keeping.
HAIOHT. 218 — Housekeeping rooms to lat.
HARRISON. 405 — New house: furnished
rooms; housekeeping rooms; hot and cold
water; electric lijrht; bat— .
HOWARD. 64T, bet 4t_ and 3th— Front
rooma 'in suites; coal or wood cook stove.
HOWARD. 737%— A suite of rooms to lat for
housekeeping.
JESSIE. 323 — Sunny front room; gas range;
good bed and cot; central; $3 25.
KEARNY, 104 — Sunn> bay window front
suittt and single rooms, unfurnished; $20;
adults.
KENIL WORTH, cor. Bosh and Powell — Three-
rcora sunny apartments: steam beat: een. loo.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine—
Sunny furnished 3-room suites; steam heated.
Uectrlc lighted; free bat— a; rates re— tonabie.
LANGTON. 212%. near 7th— 2 unfurnished
roorcs; housekeeping; large sunny yard.
LASKIE. 27, bet. Eighth and Ninth, off Mis-
sion — Three rooms for housekeeping and one
single room.
MAYBELLE. 202 Grove, cor. Van Ness — Sun-
ny fur. 2 and 3 room suites: gaa and bath.
McALLISTER. 793 — Two large sunny front
rooms for housekeeping: also regular kitchen
and bedroom; coal range, laundry, yard.
MrNXA. 10S — Front room for light bewjekeep-
' ing; $S month.
MINNA. 54S — Furnl3hed rooms, complete fop
housekeeping. '
O'FARRELL. 208 — Three connecting rooms;
gaa range ; running water.
O'FARRELL, 920— Two lovely front rooms,
. housekeeping; sun all day; basement luite,
housekeeping; reasonable.
OAK. 117 — Corciiet* for housekeeping. $3 to
$12; ftas range: hot bath; adult*.
OAK. 407—14 per month; rooms for working-
men: clean and sunny. '
PEARL 3 corner Market — Three fura Ished
housekeeping rooms: $1S: no children.
SHOTWELL. 10 — Two connecting* usf— rnishe<i
rooms for houuskeeping; gas aad water;
also one room furnished.
Continued on Pace Ten.
910
booms ron Hox7S5gsz:r T^o— cca.
BTKVXNSON. 2.^— " bcaxekecpiBS rooms, com-
piet*; wju<1 free; 51 «i wetk: single room.
41 week.
B1VTECNTH, 2V2S — H-ms^keepinir rooms, fur-
nlFhod; j,h< ne, t;is, liaUi; no children.
TENTH. 143 — One ccirplcto furnished house-
keepinK room; use of t>aiior, plauo^
STTRIt "S — Furnished room. S3 month; a!so
mil* of 2 rooir.s. fuml«h*d for
boucefceepln*;; fink and all convenience*.
r AT LOB »11 — Tv.-o furnished cttle eunny
roor-r. 'rs« range. $9; 1 tunny room, gas
range, t " 50.
TTkTLFTH 2"2— Fuite 2 or 3 housekeepinc
r">err!*: r<*z*ilzr kitch»n; gts rar.je: adult?.
SOCKS TO LIT — Turn., aad Unfura.
ATKINS, ccr. Third st. said Park lane— New
brick bu!!clnr: all sunny rocms: hot and cold
■water: *>!*ctric lights; only first-class hous*
!r. locality; roots* $1 50 week and up.
A— BRUNSWICK Houko. 148 Sixth st- — Rooms
2Sc to $1 pr r.iti-t. M 25 to $5 per week and
:-.i:ht housckeepins; rocms; open all nicht.
AT 'The Almonte," $73 Market st. (or No. X
Fifth Ft.) — Booms, 25c. 50c. $1, $1 50 right;
11 f.O to $10 week: house open all night.
BELS1OND Houm; over Owl drag: store; 2 en-
trances. 1326 Market and 21 Turk — Electric
lights; running water In every room; 200
rooms; 23c to Me per night; $1 25 to S3 week.
CALIFORNIA. 1247— Suite of pleasant rooms
with bath and piano; private house; also a
single room with piano If desired; prioe $10
and $20.
CALIFORNIA. 1264 — A nice front sunny room;
running mtJar, iaif« clc3et; $7.
CALIFORNIA. 730— Bay window room to rent.
DORE, 2(5, south Howard, between 0th and
10th — A clean light room, bath, gas; work-
ingisan preferred.
EDDY. 11. near Powell — Larjre sonny front
room; also Eingle rooms, $1 25 w«ek up.
TU3DT. 110. Launston— Fine furnished rooms;
Itesl transient; opp. Tlvoli. 00c up per night.
EDDY. HC4 — X>oe single room; also house-
keeping rooms to let.
ELLIS. 1101. cor. Ooutrh— Private family; S
large Eunny front rooms; rent low.
FOURTEENTH. "06— Sunny single front room
for ctntieir.an.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. S34— Nicely furnished
front rooms.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. S57 — Newly furnished
sunr.y roomc; also singles to let.
GOLVZS GATE ava.. 439 — Furnished room to
let
GEARY. C7S — Newly furnished front room In
re&r: IT; suitable for 1 or 2.
OCUGH. 1311 — One furnished sunny room to
let.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 35c
to fl 25 night: *1 60 to $6 wk.; reading-room.
HARRISON. 7R4',i. near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished euccy rnomi; homelike; $1 week up.
HOWARD. 71S — Furc'.;t>«6 rooms, single or
double: central location.
HOWARD. 12ft< — Sunny front room.
KEARNT, 41S — Nice, front, sunny rooms at
*2 50 per week; S10 per month.
LIBERTY. .VU. near Castro — Two or. more-
mod»rn »unnr unfurnished rooms; warm
belt: a<Jult*: reference.
MARKET. 1019 (The Falrnouth) — Sunny rooms;
£2 50 to $7 week; baths: elevator.
MARKET 1104 — Sunny furnished front rooms
to let.
METROPOLITAN Hotel. 123 Third st.— 400
■ingle and family rooms 25c to $1 50 per day.
f2 to JS per week; the only new and modern
hotel and rooming-house in San Francisco
that has effice on ground floor, hot and cold
twatw. electric lights, call bells, steam heat
In every room r.r.d gives free baths and elft-
vator service day and night to its guests.
MrALLISTER. 416.. Cat 3 — Nice sunny fur-
nished double room, suitable 1. 2 gentlemen.
MISSION. 775 — Furnished room to let.
OFARRELL, 208— Nicely furnished sunny
front rooms: also single, $2 50 up.
O'FARRELL. .EM— Front rooms to let.
PAGE, 20 — Neat room, private house, J5.
I'AGE. 5^*2 — Nice, all outside rooms; running
water; bath; new; private family.
PKRRY. •<•.». corner Third — For rent nicely fur-
nished front room; suitable for a couple or
two men.
PIERCE*. 112— Two furnished rooms to let.
1 _ :
POLK, 207 Vi — Small furnished rooms to let;
pent cheep.
POTVELL, 19— Elegantly furnished room to let,
day, week or month. !
ROTAL HOUSE. 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights; j
reaxling-rooin. smoking- room and ladles' par-
lor; tocms per night. 35c to $1 50; week. XI
to $8: month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground 1
fiocr; rooms with hot and cold water; baths, j
EACRAMENTO. 1514—1 or 2 desirable rooms, I
also large 6imny front parlor; piano; phone '
Larkln 2Q2S. ,
SIXTH. 224 — Good furnished rooms to let.
TEHAMA. 321 — Furnished room to let.
SHE LARCHMONT. 361 Sutter— New man-
teement; new bldg.; finely furnished, wita
hot tnd cold water, eteam beat and baths;
Cr.e location and reasonable rates. ,
THE ST. KATHRTN. CORNER ELLIS AND
LEAVENWOKTH STS.— POSITIVELY THE
SUNNIEST ROOMS IN «.THE CITY- NEW
SANITARY HAIR MATTRESSES. BATH3
ELECT RC LIGHTS, TELEPHONE SERV-
ICE. HOT AND COLD WATER; RVERY
MODERN CONVENIENCE: ELEVATOR
ALL HOURS; ROOMS FROM $3 WEEK.
TURK, C27— One or two young men wanted to
room in private family.
VAN NESS ave.. 1008 — Furnished rooms; newly
renovated; suites or single.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eflfiy. nr. Market— 400
roorv 35c to f 1 n'.ght. $1 75 to $0 week; elec-
tric lights (no ga»). running water in every
room; elevator, read. -room; free bus; baggage.
WElffiTKR, 15B0— Sunny furnished room; bath.
WTNCHESTEH Hotel. 44 3d St.. nr. Market
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms-
SBe to Jl BO nightly; 52 to $8 week; elevator;
elec Ugfatg; reading-room; free bus; baggaga.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church.
A BRANCH office cf The Call fcr the recep.
tlcn of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market St., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m . *-»~~«
BOOKS AZTS BOABD.
DEVISADERO. 451. cor. Fell— Well-furnished
sunny room, stationary water with good
board, icr a couple. $45 per month; single.
$25; phone Page 677.
HOTEL L'AIGLON. 501 Geary St.— Large
sunny rooms, board: suites, with board for 2
$50 mo.; eingle. with board. J23 up- special
lamlly rate*; Just renovated.
COMORA <The). €21 O'Farrell — Quiet, home-
like; excellent service; warm rooins and
bails; best tuLle.
CALIFORNIA. 807— Best rooms, table and
service In the city for the least money.
ELLIS. 453 — IClc* furnished rooms, with rood
French table board. -
GUERRERO. 114 — Sunny rooms with board for
gentlemtn; good home; central; reasonable.
JOHN. 10 — TVorkingmen wanted to room and
board. ' *
LARGE, eunny room, suitable for two gentle-
men; *.omt cocking; from $20 up. lisa Turk.
O'FAnRELL. 553— Nicely fur. rms. and board;
German home cooking; phone Larkin 3C7o!'
ROOM and board. 3173 Twenty-fourth st.
SIXTEENTH. 3640. off Market— Neatly fur-
nished rooms: good board; reasonable.
SOUTH PARK, 103— Boom with board.
VALLEJO. 1124 — Rooms with board.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office.- cor. Duncan and Church.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
•,on cf advertisements and subscriptions has
»>»e«i opened- at 100S Market St.. opposite
Filtii. Orwn until .11 p. m.
BOOMS ACT BOABD WAJTOP.
BOARD or room la exchange for ' first-claw
town lot. Box 1254.' Call office.
NICELY furnished room, with bathing accom-
modations, by educated younjr German with
private Ensiish or American family; near
Market fct.. bet. 3d and 6th. Box 1173. Call.
WANTI'D — In respectable, quiet neighborhood.
•1 uulurnished. nice rooms and kitchen for
elderly couple: $10 to fl"; best references.
Box 1724, Call.
YOUNG married couple want three furnished
rooins in private family; rent net -over $20.
Box 13:;5. Call office.
KOOFIIiG.
ROOFS, cidewalks and cellar floors laid, re-
paired; low prices; work guaranteed. Chicago
Rooficg Co., F. Herrmann, ta'gr. UOC 2<1 st.
_jrjgrrgp_ states : ooyiinKMEiTT.
NOTICE of Restoration of Publio Lands to
Settlement an£ Entry— Department of the
Interior, General Land Office. Washing-
ton. D. C, October 7. 1304: Notice is here-
by given that, on September 20, 1904, the
Acting Secretary of the Interior restored to
settlement the nubile lands In the following
described areas, which were temporarily
withdrawn for torest reserve purposes; and
that tho said public lands eo restored to set-
tlement on Septtmber 20. 1904. will become
subject to entry, filing and selection at the
respective United States Land Offices for
the several Land Districts In which the
lands lie viz.: Viealla. Stockton, Sacra-
mento, MarysviHe, Susanville and Redding,
California. o:i January 31, 19C5: Township
twenty-eight (2S) South, Range twenty-eight
■ <2S) East; Township twenty-tticht <2S)
South. Range tweaty-nlne (29) East; Town-
chip twenty-seven CS!) Scuth. Range twen-
ty-eight C2S) East; Township twenty-seven
(27) South, Range twenty-nine (20) Hast;
Township twenty-six CM) South, Range
twenty-nlno CJ) East; Township twen-
ty - six (26) South, Range thirty (30)
East;~ Township twenty-five <S5) South,
Range twenty-nine <29) East: Town-
ship twenty-five (25) South, Range thirty
(30) East; Township twenty-four 024) South,
Range twenty-nine -(29) East; Townehip
twenty-tour (24) South, Range thirty (30>
East; Township twt.nty-tbree (23) South,
Rang* twentj-nino <29) East; Township
twenty -two (22) South. Range twenty-
nine i29) East; Township twenty-one (21)
South. Range twer.ty-n'.ae (29) East; Town-
ship twenty <20) South, Ranee twenty-eight
U'^ East; Township twenty (20) Bouth, Range
twenty-nine (2ii> Eaet; Township nineteen
(19) Scuth. Range twenty-eight (2S) East.
Township nineteen (.19) South, Range twon-
ty-nlne <29) East; TownBhip eighteen (IS)
South, Range twenty-eight (2S) Ea6t; Town-
ship eighteen (18) South. Range twen-
ty-nin» *'2!it East; Township seventeen
(17) South, Range twenty-seven (27)
East; ToT.nship seventeen (IT) South. Range
twenty-eight (28) East; Township seven-
teen (17) South. Range twenty-nine (29)
Kast; Township sixteen (IB) Scuth, Range
twenty-clx (26) East: Township sixteen (1U)
South Range twenty-sev«in (27) East; in
Township sixteen (Hi) South. Range twenty-
eigbt (»'S) East. Sections four (4). five (5).
six (C), seven (7). eight (S), nine (9), and
Sections fifteen (16) to thlrty-slx (SB), both
inclusive; Township fifteen (15) South.
Range twenty-six <2C) East; Township fif-
teen (15) South, Range twenty-seven (27)
Eaet; in Township fifteen (.15) South, Range
twenty-eight (28) East. Sections three (3)
to nine (9), both inclusive, -elxteen (16) to
twenty-one (21). both inclusive, and twenty-
eight (2S) to thirty-three (33), both inclu-
sive ; Township fourteen (14) South. Range
twenty-flve (25) East; Township fourteen
Q4) South, Range twenty-six <20) East;
Towr.ehip fourteen (14) South. Range
twenty-seven (27) East; Township thir-
teen (13) South, Range twenty - lour
(24) East: Township thirteen (.13) South.
Range twenty-five (25) East; In Township
• thirteen (13) South, Range twenty-eix (26)
East, west half of Section four (4), Sections
five (5), eix (6), seven (7), eight (SJ. NW Vi
of Section nine (9). Sections seventeen (17),
eighteen (18). nineteen (19), twenty (20), and
Sections twenty-flve (25) to thirty-six (36),
both Inclusive; Township twelve 112) South,
Range twenty-four (24) East; in Township
twelve (12) South, Range twenty-flve (23)
Eaet, Sections four (4). five (C), six (6), seven
i7), tight (S), nine (9), Sections sixteen (1«)
to twenty-one (21), both inclusive, all of
Sections twenty-two (22), twenty-three (23),
twenty-four (24), lying eouth of Kings River.
and Sectlonb twenty-five (25) to thirty-six
<30). both inclusive; Township eleven (11)
South, Range twenty- three (23) East; Town-
ship eleven (11) South, Range twenty-four
(24) East; in Township eleven (11) South.
Range twenty-five (20) East, Sections five
(5), six (U). seven (7), eight (8). nine (9),
Sections sixteen (16) to twenty-one (21).
both inclifcive, and Sections twenty-eight
(28) to thirty-three (33), both inclusive;
Township ten (10) South, Range twenty-two
(22) East; Township ten (10) South, Range
twenty-three (23) East; Township ten (10)
South. Range twenty-four (24) East; Town-
ehip nine (9) South, .Range twenty-two (22)
East; in Township nine (9) South, Range
twenty-three (23) East, that part of Section
eighteen (18) lying south of the San Joaquin
River, Section nineteen (19), that part of
Section twenty (20) lying west of the Ban
Joaquin River, that part of Section twenty-
nine (29) lying west of the San Joaquin
River. Sections thirty (30). and thirty-one
(31). that part of Section thirty-two (32)
lying eouth of the San Joaquin River, that
part of Section thirty-three (33) lying south
of the San 'Joaquin River. Section thirty-four
(34) and S V, and NW % of Section thirty-
five; Township eight (S) South, Range twen- ]
> ty (20) East; Township eight (8) South, i
Range twenty-one (21) East; In Township I
eight (8) South, Range twenty-two (22) East, ]
Sections seven (7) to thlrty-slx (3(i), both
Inclusive, Township eeven (7) South, Range '
twenty (20) East; In Township seven (7) I
South, Range twenty-one (21) East. Sec-
tions six (6) to eleven (11). both inclusive.
Sections fourteen (14) to twenty-three (23).
both inclusive, and Sections twenty-six (26) ;
to thirty-six (S6), both inclusive: Township i
six (0) South, Range nineteen <19) East; Town- ■
thip six (6) South. Range twenty (20) East; j
Township five (5) South, Range nineteen (19) I
Eaet; Township five (5) South, Range twen-
ty (20) East; In Township ten (10) North,
Range eighteen (IS) East, Sections one (1).
two (2), tleven (11), twelve (12), thirteen
(13), fourteen (14), twenty-three (23), twen-
ty-four (24), twenty-live (25). twenty-six
(26) and twenty-seven (27) ; Township nine-
teen (ly) North. Range seven (7) East; Town- '
thip twenty (20) North. Range seven (7) East; '
In Township twenty (20) North. Range eight i
($) East, Sections one (1) to thirty-three i
(33), both inclusive; Township twenty-four I
(24) North, Range two (2) Eaet; Township '■
twenty-four (24) North, Range three (3) I
East; Township twenty-rour (24) North, i
Range four (4) East; in Township twenty !
(20) North, Range fifteen (15) East. Sections i
two (2), four (4). five (5). eix (C) and eight '
,.(8); in Township twenty (20) North, Range I
sixteen (16) East, Sections two (2), three (3).
eleven (11). thirteen (13) and fourteen (11);
S % of Township twenty-one (21) North,
Range fifteen (15) East; Township twenty-
one (21) North, Range sixteen (10) East; in
Township twenty-two (22) North, Range
fourteen (14) East, Sections three (3) to ten
(10). both inclusive, fifteen (15) to twenty-
two (22). both Inclusive, and twenty-eeven
(27) to thirty-four (34), both Inclusive; In
Township twenty-two (22) North, Range six-
teen (1C) Kast, Sections one (1) to three (3),
both inclusive, nine (9) to sixteen (10). both
inclusive, twenty-one (21) to twenty-eight
(28). both Inclusive, and thirty-two (32) to
thirty-six (36), both inclusive; Township
twenty-two (22) North, Range seventeen (17)
East; Township twenty-two (22) North,
Range eighteen (IS) East; In Township
twenty-thre« (23) North, Range fourteen
(14) East, Sections thirteen' (13). twenty-four
<24), twenty-flve (25). twenty-six (26), twen-
ty-eeven (27), twenty-eight (28), thirty-two
(32). thirty-three (33).. thirty-four (34).
thirty-five (35) and thlrty-slx (30); in Town-
Bhip twenty-three (23) North. Range fifteen
(15) East, Sections thirteen (13) to eighteen
(IS), both Inclusive; In Township twenty-
three (23) North, Range sixteen (16) East,
Sections eleven (11), twelve (12), thirteen
(13) and fourteen (14); In Township twenty-
three (23) North, Range seventeen (17) East,
Sections cne (1) to five (5), both inclusive,
and Sections seven (7) to thirty-six (36).
both inclusive; Township twenty-three (23)
North. Range eighteen (IS) East; in Town-
ship twenty-four (24) North. Range nine CJ)
East. Sections ten (10), eleven (11) twelvo
(12). thirteen. (13). fourteen (14), fifteen |15).
cixteen (lti), twenty-one (21), twenty-two
(22). twenty- three (23) and twenty-four (24);
in Township twenty-four (24) North, Range
seventeen <17) East. Sections one (1) to four
(4), both Inclusive. E % of Section five (5).
E H-of Section eight (8), Sections nine (U)
to sixteen (10). both Inclusive. Sections twen-
ty-two (22) to twenty-seven (27), both Inclu-
sive, and Sections thirty-three (33) to
thirty-six (36). both inclusive; Town-
Bhip twenty-four (24) North Range
eighteen (18) East; In Township twenty-
five (25) North, Range sixteen (16) East,
Sections one (1), two (2), three (3), ten (10)
eleven (11), twelve (12), thirteen (13) four-
teen (14). twenty-three (23), twenty-four (24)
and twenty-five (25); Township twenty- five
(25) North. Range seventeen (17) Fast-
Township twenty-five (2f.) North. Range
eighteen (18) East; In Township twenty-six
(26) North. Range ten (10) East. Sections
one (1), five (5). «-lx (6), seven (7). eight (8)
nine (9). twelve (12). N % of Section thir-
teen (13). Sections fourteen (14) sixteen
(16). seventeen (17). eighteen (IS) Section*
nineteen (1U> to twenty-three (23), both In-
clusive, Sections twenty-six . (26) to thirty
(30). both inclusive, and Section thirty-five
(35); Id Townehip tuenty^slx (26) North,
Range fifteen (15) East. Sections one (1),
t*o (2), three. (3), N !i of Section five (5)
N Vt cf Section, six (6). and Sections eleven
(11) and twelve a?): In Townehip twemy-
s«?ven (27) North. Range twelve (12) Kaat.
Sections twenty-three (2-1) and twenty-four
(24); "In Township twenty-seven (27) North,
Range fourteen il4)' East, Sections eight (8),
nine (9). fifteen (15), sixteen (16), twenty-
two (22). twenty-three (23), twenty-four
(24), twenty-flve 125). twenty-six (26). thlrty-
flve (35) and thirty-six (30); Township twen-
. ty-elght (28) North,/ Range nine (U) •■ Eaet:
In Township twenty -«lr,ht (2S) North. Range
thirteen US) East. Sections twenty-four (24)
and twenty-flve _ (2!.) ; l In • Township thirty-
four C«) North, Ranges ten <10) West, Sec-
. tln«" seven. (7), eisht <8),"- nine " (0).'; sixteen
(1C), seventeen (17), eighteen (18). nine-
teen (19), twenty ;_ (20), twenty-one (21),
twenty-eight: (2S), - twenty-nine (29). thirty
(30). • thirty-one (31), thirty-two (32) ' and
'thirty -three (33); in : Township thirty-four
(SD North, Range ceven (7) West. Sections
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALC,-; MONDAY; DECEMBER 5, 1904.
UNITED STATUS GOVE33T2IEHT— Con.
twenty-flve (25). thirty-five (3. r >) and thirty-
six (3B): Township thirty-four (34) North.
Range eix (6) West; Township thirty-four
(34) North. Range five (5) West: N y 3 of
Township thirty-four (34) North. Range tour
(4) West ;• Township thirty-five (35) North.
Range five (5) Weet; Township thlrty-rtva
(35) North, Range lour (4) West; Township
thirty-live (35) North, Range three (3) "W>st;
Township thirty-five (35) North, Range two
(2) West; W of Township . thirty-five (35)
North, Range one (1) West; S Vi of Township
thirty-six (30) North, Range four (4) West;
Townehip thlrty-slx (30) North, Range three (3)
West; Township thirty- six (36) North, Range
four (4) East; Township thirty-seven (S7)
North, Range four (4) East; Township thirty-
nlr.e ("'■>) North, Rango three CU Weet;
Township thirty-nine «3U) North, Range Jwo
(2) West: in Township forty (40) North.
Range eight (8) West. Sections two (2), three
(3) ten (10) and fifteen (ID); in Township
fcrty-one (41) North, Range eight (S) West,
Sections one (1). two (2), three (3). ten (10),
eleven (11). twelve (12). thirteen (13), four-
teen (14), fifteen (15), twenty-two (22), twen-
ty-thre* (23), twenty-four (24) twenty-five
(25), twenty-six (26), twenty-seven (27),
thirty-four (34) and thirty-five (35); in
Township forty-one (41) North, Rango «<sven
(7) West. Sections two (2). three (3). four
(4),^ five (5), six (6), seven (7). eteht (8),
nine (9). ten (10). sixteen (16), eeventeen (17),
i -eighteen (18), nineteen (19) and twenty (20);
all of Mount Diablo Meridian. California.
W. A. RICHARDS, Commissioner.
Approved: THOS. RYAN, Acting Secretary
r.f «h«» Into.ln..
SEWITO MACaiHES AND^SOTPIJE3.
MAKE Christmas with a gift of a White; beet
sewing machine on earth; prices from $10 to
$100; pay only §3 per month if you wish.
The new retail office of the White is at 915
Market gt. .
ALL makes; 2d hand. $2. $5. $7. $9; new,*4, $8;
drop heads, 6 drawer, golden oak,$16; rented,
repaired; lowest rates. National Automatic
S. M. Co.. 145 Sixth St.: tel. Jessie 3798.
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use; best
is cheapest: second-hand all makes at any
price: Ell kinjjr rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office. ICil Market st.. near Sixth.
ALL kinds second-hand f3, $5. $S; slightly
ueed Slo $18, $20; you know where the dolls
- swing in the window. 1051 Market st. •
ALL kinds bought, sold and- repairing guaraa-
te^d. CHAS PLAMBECK. 1915 Mission gt.
STORAGE ASTD WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard St.. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co., :» Eddy st.;
phone Mint 2941; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, chipped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
fice Post and Pcwell st». ; tel. Prt. Ex. 871.
PACIFIC Storase and Furniture Moving Com-
pan>. 2S20 Flllmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
gt.: tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
b*:M SPECIAL ITOTIOB3.
A GUARANTEED cure for piles; PETER
FREILING'S pile salve, $1 per box; war-'
ranted to cure all cases of bleeding, itching,
external. Internal or protruding piles, also
fistula, without fail, no matter how long
standing. 162S Devlsadero St.. near Sutter.
STOP BEIKEIira.
GUARANTEED cure: Eend 50c; tablet form:
cr.allel irf ulaln package: has cured thou-
gands. L. L. C. CO.. 417 Hayward bldg.. S.F.
TYFSWBITEBS AITD SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier, $25; other typewriters at
.higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange, 536 California st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold. • rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co.. SOS Mark«t.
DIVTPEXTP irOTTCSS.
DIVIDEND notice — The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con.: A dividend. No. 72, of fifty
cents (50o) per share on the issued capital
stock of the company has been declared, pay-
' able at tho office of the company, rooms 202,
204 and 206 Hayward bldg., San Francisco.
on December 10, 1904. Transfer books close
December 3, 1004. at noon. C. C. Qulnn, Sec.
LEGAL NOTICES. ■
REGINA Restaurant, 422 Turk et.. sold; all
bills azair.st said place- must be presented
within 5 flays from Dec. S. 1904.
STTgTTEBIHQ AIJD r STAMMEEIKO. *
EXPANSION' Of MELBOURNE SCHOOLS—
Downtown, 521 Franklin, near McAllister, 8
to 12. Open-air school, 810 Diamond St.; tel.
Capp 5173; 1 to 5 p. m. Details at either.'
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and - be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once. In this column
free of charge.
BORN.
ALLEN — In this city, December 4. 1004, to
the wife of C. J. Allen, a eon.
REGAN— In thin city, to the wife of P. J.
Regan, a daughter.
SCHWERIN— In this city, December 4, 1904.
to the wife of Edward Henry Schwerln a
daughter. ' -
DIED.
Averell, Sarah B. — 07 1 McGrane (Infant)
Beaton. Peter J. — 26 I Mclntyre, John — 87
Bird. Neleon J. — 68 !McLaughlln A. A. — 32
Blair. Robert — 53 II onroo. Rowena — 58
liums. Jos. Peter — 34 Nelleen. Kate
Clark, Brendon — 33 Roberts, Flora D.
Collins, Edward C. Rodes, Clementina 75
peane. William A. — 43 ! Schnell, Jacob — 64
De la Rosa. A. M. I Slavlch, Perka— 5 mo.
Farnham, Jas. G. — 60 Bloan, Ida Hortense
Finnegan, Michael — 72 Tomb (Orr), Mary.
Gilligan, James— 25 Weatherlll, L. E. — 19
Hickey. Thomas — 40 Ullius. Gertrude F. — 5
Linn. Henry A. — 41 Williams, Richard — 65
Loque, Francis Williamson, Johanna
McCord, Elinor W. — 7
AVERELL — In Eaat Oakland, Cal., December
3, 1904, Earah BT, wife of the late Anson
Averell, a native of Haverhill, Mass., aged
67 years S months and 27 days.
E7"Frlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this ■ (Monday)
afternoon, at 2 o'clock, at Her late residence.
928 Fifth avenue. East Oakland. Interment
private.
BEATON — In Demingr. New Mexico, Decem-
ber 3, 1904. Peter J., dearly beloved son of
John J. and Jemima Beaton, and devoted
brother of Mrs. A. R. Clary and Neil. Stew-
art, Mabel and Aleck Beaton, a native of
San Francisco, ae«d . 26 years 1 month and
23 days.
BIRD — At Fresno, Cal., December 2, 1904.
Nelson J. Bird, a native of Canada, aged
C8 years.
lET Funeral services Tuesday, at 11 a. m.,
at Simpson Memorial Church. Interment
private.
BLAIR— At 1054 Twelfth etreet, Oakland, Cal
December 4, 1904, Robert, beloved husband
of Ada Blair, and brother of James C. and
John Blair, a native of city of Perth, Scot-
land, aged 53 years.
BURNS— In this city, December 2, 1904 Jo-
seph Peter, dearly beloved husband of Mar-
garet Burns, beloved father of Frank, Ethel
Irene and the late George T. Burns, beloved
son of Marcella and the late Peter Burns
and brother of William, Thomas, John and
Frank Burns, a native of San Francisco
aged 34 years 9 months and 8 days.
CXFriends and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 8:30 a. m.. from his late resi-
dence. 1022 Alabama street, thence to St
Peter's Church, Alabama street, between
Twenty-fourth and Twenty- fifth, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 a.' m
Interment Holy Cross ; Cemetery.
CLARK — Suddenly, near Mount Eden, Ala-
meda County, Cal., December 2, 1904, Bren-
don. beloved husband of the late Carrie
Finck Clark, son of Annie Brendon Clark,
and brother of Stanley, Langdon, • Denzll,
Vera and Leslie Clark, a native of 'Aus-
tral la. aged 33 years. (New York papers
please copy.)
C5"Friends and members of Theatrical As-
sociation and Ushers are , respectfully invited
to attend the funeral to-day : (Monday) •-• at
2 p. m., from the parlors of Jamee;McMen-
omey & Son, 1057 ■ Mission street, opposite
new Poatoffice, thence to Cypress Lawn Cem.
etery. via electric f uijeral car from i Eight-
eenth and Guerrero streets.
COLLINS— In this city, December 3, 1904, Ed-
ward C. dearly ■ beloved and. youngest son
of Jeremiah and ' Mary A.- Collins, brother
of James F., Helen G.. Joseph J.Ttnd Ger-
ald E. Collins, nephew of -tho late Mrs/ Nel-
lie Langbicn, and cousin of Miss Julia Dono-
van, a native of - San Francisco.- ■.-"■'.- ;j.--.:-V -'
CjTrifnJs and acquaintances arereepect-
. folly invited to attend the funeral . to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 12:30 p. m.. from the : resi-
dence of the parents, 616A Shotwell street,
thence to St. Charles . Borromeo'B ' Church
for services, commencing at 1 p.m. Inter-
ment : Holy . Cross Cemetery.
DEANE— In ; this city, . December .' 3, 1904 at
hl» residence, 340 Twenty-third avenue,'. Wll-
Ham A. Deane, beloved husband of Amy.Wa- '
ters . Deane, beloved >■ father ■ of -Valentine I
Deane, son of Margaret Deane and: the. Iata
James R. Deane, • and • brother of John J. and
Mary Deane > and - Mrs. ;. M. ' H. de : a i
native ; of ■ San : Francisco, ' aged- 43 .- years 4 '*
months and 15 ; days.'
- IE?" Friends and' acquaintances and members
of Stanford Parlor," N."' S. « G. : W. ;
: of the World and , Red ■ Men ; are • reepectf u!ly
I Invited to attend ■ the ' funeral * Tuesday, "- De-
ceraber 6. at 10 a. m., from St. Mary's
Cathedrals Van Xess avenue, between Geary
..and 0'Fs.rrell streets.' Intarment ' private."
Kindly omit flowers.
Members of Altabmos Triba No.' S7, Imp.
O. R. II., are respectfully requested to at-
tend the funeral of our late brother, William
A. Deane. from St. Mary's Cathedral, Van
Ness avenue, : between O'Farrcll and Geary
streets, December 6 at 10 a. m.
T. FRANK HARDY, Sachem.
J. 'H. HUTAFF, Chief of Records.
DE LA ROSA— I n this city, December 3, 1904,
at his residence 843 Greenwich street. A.
11. da la Rosa beloved husband of Rlcarda
de la Rosa, and father of Herbert, Rosa
- and Adolph de la Rosa, a native of Cali-
fornia.
ICFriends and acquaintances are reepect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 0:30 a. m., from his late resi-
dence. 843 Greenwich street, near Mason,
thence to.Yglesia do Nuestra Senora de Guad-
alupe, Broadway, near Mason street,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 10 a m. Interment Italian Cemetery.
FARNHAM— In this city December - 4. 1904.
James Gardner, beloved husband of the late
Annie R. Farnham, father of James Farn-
ham. and brother of Jerry "W. and Joseph
M. Farnham, Mrs. John Corner and Mrs.
Captain Boyd a native of Rockland. Maine,
aged 60 years. A member of Unity Lodge
No. 131. I; O. O. F. —
CyRemalns at the mortuary chapel of
the Golden Gate Undertaking Company, 2473
Mission street, near Twenty-first. Funeral
notice hereafter.
FINNEGAN— In this city, December 3, 1904.
Michael, dearly beloved husband of Jane
Flnnegan, father of Peter and the late
Frank Finnegan and Mrs. "W. J. Walsh, and
brother of Mrs. Ellen Spellman and the Iata
Mrs. «M. Sullivan a native of Croushwell,
County Galway. Ireland, aged 72 years.
CTThe funeral will take place to-day
(Monday), at 0:30 "a. m., from his late resi-
dence. 508% Ninth etreet, thence to St. Jo-
, eeph's^Church, where a requiem high mass
will ( be celebrated for the repose of -his
. soul, commencing at 10 a. m. Interment
private. Holy Cro£3 Cemetery.
GILLIGAN — In thl« city, December 8. 1904.;
James, beloved son of the late Michael and
Mary Gilligan, a native of San Francisco,
aged 25 years 11 months and 27 days.
HICKEY— In this city, December 4. 1004. at
St. Joseph's Home, Thomas Hickey, beloved
husband of Agusta Hickey, father of Robert,
Fredrick 1 Margueretta and Helen Uickey,
brother of Edward and Francis Hickey, and
nephew of airs. M. L. Doten, Alturae, Mo-
doc County. Cal. ; of Thomas "Dwyer, Oak-
: vllle, Napa County, Cal., and J. • M. Dwyer
of this city, a native of Sawyer's Bar, Sis-
klyou County, Cal., aged 40 years. 1
E7"Notice of funeral hereafter.
LINN— In this city. December 4, 1904, at his
residence. 1528 Guerrero street. Henry An-
drew Linn, dearly beloved husband of Mary j
.Linn., and father of Clarence A. and Henr>
A. Linn, a native of Van Worth. Ohio, aged
41 years 1 'month and 14 days.
LOQUEi — In this city. December 4. 1904, Fran-
cis, beloved brother of James, Edward,
Michael and Annie Loque," and Mrs. Frank
Hagan of Rio ,Vi»ta and Mrs. Bernard Mo-
Kenna of thia j city, a native of the parish
of Maghera. County Derry, Ireland.-
(C7Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 -a. m., from his late real-
' denco.- 202 Slckels avenue, Ooean View,
thence to St. Michael's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, at 10:30 a. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
McCORD — In Alameda. Cal., December 4, 1004,
Elinor McCord, lato of Paciflo Grove. (Phil-
adelphia and Erie County, Pa., papers please
copy.)
McGRANE— In Berkeley, Cal., December 4,
1904. at the ■ parents' residence, 2630 Chan-
nlns: way. Infant eon of Frank and Millie
McGrane, a native of Berkeley, aged 4 days.
MclNTYRE — In Suisun Valley, Cal., Decem-
ber 2. 1904, John Mclntyre, a native of
Londonderry, Ireland, aged 87 years and
10 months.
MCLAUGHLIN— In this city, December 1,
1904. Acnes A., beloved wife of Daniel F.
McLaughlln, and mother of Willie J.. Ed-
ward T. and Francis McLaucchlln, and
daughter of Mrs. K. Dupuis, and sister of
Mamie anil Thomas Sullivan, and stepsister j
of Lena, Edward and Alfred Dupuis, a na-
tive of Virginia City, Nev., aged 32 years
and 1 month. (Virginia City papers please
copy.) • .
in? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
f uly Invited to attend the funeral Monday,
December 5, at 8:30 a. m., from her late
residence, 18 Rlnggold street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 0 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery- . '
MONROE— In this city, December 3. 1904,
Rowena C, beloved wife of William A. Mon-
roe, a native of New Hampshire, aged 68
years 10 months and 20 days.
(E7 Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend th« funeral services to-day (Mon-
day), at 10 a. m., at her late residence, 906A
, Stelner street, between Fulton and McAllis-
ter. Interment private.
NEILSEN — In , Aberdeen, "Wash., December 2,
•• ]^S^IEXTS.
STATEMENTS
OF THE CONDITION AND AFFAIRS OF THE
SPRINGFIELD FIRE and NATIONAL FIRE
MARINE INSURANCE COMPANY
INSURANCE COMPANY OLSff^™^.? 4 ? 2S£
A. D, 1903. and for the year ending on that
f*F SPRINGFIELD, IN THE STATE OF d ay , as made to the Insurance Commissioner
". A^^^Vd^^t^Vea? end^nTon «% lO n °s' S"**" **"£? *
that day. t.s made to the Insurance Commls- E,™^, 510 " 8 ,, of Se c«°i« 610 and 611 of the
eloner of the State of California, pursuant to -routicai Code, condensed as per blank fur-
the provisions of sections 610 -and 611 of the nished by the Commissioner.
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur- capitai
nished by the Commissioner. A . . «_ ', ~~ riaA1 *
CAPITAL. Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In Cash 1 1.000, 000 00
in Cash... $2.000,000 00 ■
~~ J ASSETS. ~ ' ' ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.... *227.000 00 Real Estate owned by Company... $354,855 22
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.'. .. 654,500 00 Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 617,715 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. . . 4,538,144 00. Bond owned by company, . 4 733 223 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge r^.y. !„ r™ n . B ,j O J«- ' , '7?Z w
of Bonds, Stocks and Other mar- <■*"£ n Company's Office 3,199 90
ketable securities as collateral.. 14,875 00 Cash In Banks 833.570 90
Cash in Company's Office 2,048 20 Premiums in du« Course of Collec-
Cash in Banks 891,614 08 tlon 371,726 04
Interest due and accrued on all I
Stocks and Loans 83,866 87 Total Assets $6.464 304 00
Interest due and accrued on Bonds - —
and Mortgages 13,740 63 LIABILITIES.
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 635,21223 Losses adjusted and unpaid $SL924 77
Rents due and accrued..... 619 CO Losses in process of Adjustment
-^ — • or In Suspense .••••• 299 Rfi5 A4
Total Assets. $6.400.450 59 j^^ res , 3teaV , nc i ud!ng . expenses". S3'.29S 00
LIABILITIES ~ ~ Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
Losces adjusted and unpaid...'..... $79.923 84 n , lRg L_ one , year or !e8s - $ 2 .<«1.-
Losses in process of Adjustment or ■•-•>■• 819 07; reinsurance 50 per cent.. 1.465.909 79
in Suspense. .......;....... 124,093 91 Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
Losses resisted. Including expenses 28,436 43 ning more than one year, $3 295 - '
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- ec2 73 . reinsurance pro rata. . . .'. 1,688 635 83
nlngr one year or less, $2,338,- Cr^oim -«.™a"
0S7 2C; reinsurance COper cent.. 1,169,045 63 »P«« l8 -l reserve 50,000 QQ
Gross Premiums on Fire Risks run- Tot»i TJnhimio* ♦•> ani />*.. .«
nlnjr more than one y«ar, $2,413,- Total "abiUties - $3,621.663 83
274 21 ; reinsurance pro rata 1,260,414 40 =====
Commissions and ' Brokerage due INCOME.
and to become due....... 127.043 44 Net caah artially ■ recelw* for
Total Liabilities ,. $2.788,9e0'65 Fire premiums $3,979.1(0.45
,. - Received for interest on Bonds and . !
INCOME. Mortgages 29,625 16
Net cash actually received for Fire Received for Interest and dividends
-premiums L : ~'r m • "$ 3 . 205 - 181 <» on Bonds. Stocks, Loans and
n Mortfa K f e°s r ! n^? 8 !.°^ B .° n .l" d ? 27.74163 all other sources 2M>24T «
Received for Interest and dividends ; . Received for Rents 18,273 21
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans, and —
from all other sources. .......... 177.66S 51 Total Income $4,231,247 04
Received for Rents 5.85173 z- :
EXPENDITURES.
VTotal Income $3,416.417 TO Net , mount P l, d for fj^ lo^,
EXPENDITURES. ' (Including $279,725 22, losses of
Net amount raid for Fire Losses previous years) $2,020,275 15
(Including $309,420 72, losses of Dividends to Stockholders ; 120,000 00
previous years)..... .$1,561,442 40 Paid or allowed for Commission or
Dividends to Stockholders......^..". 200,000 00 Brokerage ' 753 830 IS
P Brokerage™' 1 f ° r Comnlls8l0n " COS 642 43 Paid for Salaries, Fee, and other
Paid for Salaries" "Fee's" and 'ether ' charges for officers,. clerks, etc.. 299.883 73
charges for officers -clerks, etc.. . 143,410 67 Paid for State, National and Local
Paid for State. National and Local taxes ...... t . .......... . . . 130,186 55
taxes 123,102 C9 All ' other payments and expend I-
AH other payments and . expend!- _ tures..... 2S0.052 89
tures ••■ 304,13* S5
.„„■„,,.. Total Expenditures ...........$3,621,739 50
Total Expenditures $2,938.792 94 . . ,
T7M r ft Fire.
_ ■ ' • . ■ . . , ... _ *i r/iinftoi Losses incurred during the year.. $2. 063, 962 93
Losses Incurred during the year. ..$1.551.200 84 - ■ ' "**
Risks and Premiums. I Fire Risks. Premiums. Risks and Premiums. I Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks] " Net " amou'nt of . Rtslca .
writtf-n iiiiriTic thp written during the
year .. ". K ?l?361^6,862 $4,424.086 76 year •. ............ I $486,612,055 $5,765.052 56
Net amount . of Risks > et a 1 m ° un * °LI" S £*
nxDlred durlntr the ■ ' expired during the
year ..? *?f.'. v 316,273,651 3.873.512 60 ............. 493.000.700 5.238.45120
Net amount In force - - ■ .- N t* omo " nt , ! 1 n , f ££ e ,r- n -was « ~*r -™ ,«
December 31, 1903. . 415,628.844 4.751,361 47 December 31. 1003. |/5 10,455.468 6.227.772 30
'■••• . ™ t>— i*™* ~ " JAMES NICHOLS. . President.
™ ™t- . B - R - STILLMAN? Secretary.
' - _, v _ w - J- MACKAY. Secretary. _ Subscribed and sworn to before me. this
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 25th ixth day of .January. 1004 - . . 1
day of- January, 1904. FRED B. • SEYMOUR/ Notary 'Public
PERCY S. GATES, Notary Public. ■ ' •" ruuuc -
ihilic r DINPC rn CITY AGENCY:
L SahSg°' AHREL & BRUCKMAN
CITY (SAH FRANCISCO) AGENTS. 215 Sansome Street".
PACIFIC ' DEPARTMENT:: .-
BOOMS : 306-310 EAYWABD XJILDINQ
\_G E O . O . DO RN11M, /Y\ anager
QE0..W. D0BN1N, Asst. Manaffsr. ' JSO. C. DOBNIN, 20. Asst. Manager.
.■■'■:•■ -i *■ - -'t,-, "._:'■-'."■_ :"■ ■'-". .-■' "V '- - k . ." --" •'■■'. ■ ■•-' .-'■'
1004. Kate, beloved wife of Captain N. J.
Ncilsen, and sister of Mrs. F. O. Smith,
• and Gus. Eleanor, and George Hansen.
ROBERTS— In this city. December 4. 1904,
Flora D. Roberts, wife of John H. Roberts,
mother of Mrs. Eugene W. Lick and eister
of Mrs. P. B. Cornwall and Mrs. Willial*
. P. Harrison.
tn?"Funeral servlces_Tuesday, December 6.
Interment privatel
RODES— In this city, at the King's Daugh-
ters' Home, December 2. 1004, Clementina
A. Rodee, a native of France." aged 76 year*.
C5*Friends and acquaintances are reepect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 a. m., from the parlors of
Halsted & Co., 946 Mission st. .
SCHNELL — In this city. December 3, 1904.
Jacob, dearly beloved husband of Catherine
Schnell. devoted father of Mrs. A. Jeneveln
and Marie S. and Katherine C. Schnell, and
brother of Mrs. Kate Broderick of New Or-
leans, La,, a native of Bavaria Germany,
aged 64 years 1 month and 17 dayn.
SLAVICH— In this city, December 4, 1904,
Perka, beloved daughter of John and Cath-
erlna Slavich.^a native of San Francisco,
aged 5 months and 6 days.
SLOAN— In Brooklyn. N. Y., November 20
1904. Ida Hortense, devoted wife of William
D. Sloan, a$d daughter of the late Dr. and
Mrs. Frederick Hlller, and sister of Mrs
Bertha A. Thorne, Mrs.. Annie C. Steck and
Julius, Herman and Frederick Hlller, a na-
tive of Nevada City, Cal. (Virginia City
papers please copy.)
CTInterment In Brooklyn.
TOMB (ORR)— In this city, December 4, 1904,
Mary Tomb, beloved aunt of Dr. .Robert H.,
Lizzie A. and Annie C. Orr, a, native of
County Antrim. Ireland.
E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral from her
late residence, 2104 Howard street, on Tues-
day, December 0, at 8:30 o'clock, thence to
St. Charlea Borromeo's Church, corner of
Shotwell and Eighteenth streets, where a re.
quiem high masa will be celebrated . for the
repose of her soul, commencing at » o'clock.
Interment Holy Crosa Cemetery, by electric
funeral car from Eighteenth and Guerrero
streets.
"WEATHERILL — Drowned In bay of Ban Fran-
Clsco, November 23, 1904, Lewis E. Weath-
erill, beloved son of John H. Weatherlll, and
brother of Etta M. Weatherlll, a native of
Schuyler, Nebr., aged 19 years 8 months and
10 days.
ULLIUS— In this city, December 4. 1904. Ger-
trude Frances, beloved daughter of Gus and
Annie Ullius, a native of San Francisco,
aged 5 years and 2 months.
WILLIAMS— In this city. December 3, 1904.
Richard, beloved husband of Annie Williams,
father of Mrs. Emma McAfee, Mrs. Florence
Phillips, Mrs. Bessie Ayers and Charles H.
Williams, and brother of Jobn E. Wil-
liams and Charles H. Williams, a native of
England, 65 years.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 p. m., from his late residence,
2S."< Dore street, between Harrison and Bry- I
ant. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by
carriage. - •
WILLIAMSON— In this city, December 4, 1904,
Johanna W., beloved daughter of Richard
P. and the late Anna Williamson, and sister
of Mrs. G. F. Kistler. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 7 years 1 month and 24 days.
REAIi ESTATE TRANSAOTIOXS.
SATURDAY, DECEMBER 8.
Oscar N. Owens to Emma Owens, lot on S
line of Vallejo street. 192:6 E of Stelner, B SS
by S 137:6; grift.
Jchn Center to Meeso & Gottfried Cb.. lot on
NW corner of Nineteenth and Harrison streets.
N 137:6 by W 245; $10.
John and Mary Auld to William Speck,. lot on
W line of Folsom street, 148 S of Seventeenth.
S 25 by W 122:6; $10.
Walker C. and Maude J. Graves to John J\
Llnehan, lot on W line of Howard strew, 50 N
of Eighteenth, N 25 by W 05; $10.
Thomas J. or Thomas Williams to I. C
Scharff, undivided half of lot on E line of San
Carloa street. 210 N of Nineteenth N 25 by E
80; also undivided half of lot on BW lln» of
Tenth avenue, 200 NW of N street, NW 75 by
SW 100, block 210, CTNell and Haley Tract;
$10.
Franelska Roske to Fannla and William A.
Katz, lot on E Una of Church street, 194:6 N of
Sixteenth. N 25 by E 125; $10.
Aron Katz to Fannie Katz, same; gift.
Mary Horan to Mary J. Dolan, lot on W line
of Castro street, 105 N of Fifteenth, N 25 by W
120; $10.
Jacob Hollo to Llna Heine (Holle), undivided
tenth of lot on SB corner of Twentieth and
York streets, S 60 by E 100; grant.
W. H. Perry Lumber and Mill Company to
James Carroll, lot on N lino of Jersey street,
CO W of Chattanooga, W 100 by N 114; $1750.
Madge H. and George L. Fish to Julian
Thome, . lot on S line of Pine street. 20 E of
B«lden. E 40 by S 67:6; $10.
FTithof and Lena Bronson to Max Rosenberg;,
lot on SW line of First street, 100 SE of Fol
som. SE 20 by SW 72; $10.
Joseph W. and Lizzie Johnson to Joseph A.
Gendotti. lot on NW line of Shipley street. 75
NE of Fifth. NE 25 by NW 75; $10.
Ermlna A. Munch to Agatha L. Vlllegla, Igt
on NW line of Folsotn str«et. 130 NB of Fifth.
NE 00 by NW 80; $10.
Thomas W.. Katharine A.. Christopher C.
and Lily A. Rivera to I>. A. Cords, lot on 8W
line of Harriet street, 75 NW of Brannan. SW
80 by NW 25; J10.
Thomas Cogan to William A. Buck, lot on
SE line of Bruce place. 140 SW of Harrison
avenue. SW 25 by SE 75; $10.
Henry E. and Jennie W. Bothln to Interstate
Land and Trust Company, lot on E corner of
Nineteenth and Harrison streets. B 2W> by 3
2C0; $10.
California Title Insurance and Trust Com
pany- to Frederick W. and Elizabeth Duncine,
lot on S line of Twenty-third street, 75 W of
Kansas. W 25 by S 100; $10.
Oscar V. or Orcar V. Johnson to John
Landers, lot on B line of Texas atreet. 204:6
N of Twenty- third N 29:11 by E 10O; $10.
. James F. Preasdey to Cassala S. Buckingham
(wife of W. P.). lot on W Una of Twentieth
avenue. 100 N of Lak« street^ N 25 by W
120; $10.
Patrick F. Rellly to "William A. N>w«on.
lot on B line of Twelfth avenue. 250 N of
Clement, N 25 by E 120: $3.
Jacob and Bertha O. "Welssbsln to Isaac K.
Banfleld, lot on E line of Seventh avenue. 100
N of Point Lobos N 25 by E 120: $10.
Edward Coffey" to Margaret White, undi
vided one -half of lot on B line of Fortieth ave
nue. 175 S of Point Lobos. S 37:6 by E 120;
$10.
Charles B. and Mary E. Humbert to John
and Nellie Cahlll lot on N' line » of A street.
82:6 W of Sixth avenue, TV 23 by N 100; *10.
Robert T. Iberson to Simon Goldsmith, lot
on N line of C street, 64:6 E of Ninth avenue,
B 26 by N 72; $10.
William R. and Kathleen M. Arnold to Bern
hard Getz. lot on W line of Eighteenth ave
nue. 275 N^of K street. N 23 by W 120; $3.
Warren T. and Louise E. Llbby to Solomon
Gets, lot on W line of Forty-fifth avenue. 173
S of K street. S 75 by W 120; $10.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Andrew 'Wood,
lot on W line of Forty- eighth avenue. 112:6
N of M street. N 25 by W 114; $10.
Sophie B. Koblcke to Solomon G«t». lot on
E line of Forty-ninth avenue. 212:9% N of
M street. E 237:8%. N 25 W 238:11%. S
25:0%( $10.
Sarah A. and John "W. FUnn to J. W.
"WrlKht & Sons Investment Company, lot on
E 14ne of Thirty-fifth avenue, 225 N of O
street? N 75 by E 240; $10.
Leon dl Nola to M. N. Cosulich. let on E line
of Forty- first avenue. 250 N of T street. N 100
by B 120; also lot on W line of Fortieth ave
nue. 150 N of T etreet. N 30 by W 120: $10.
Emily Bellisle to Xee C. Reid, lot on E line
of Prospect avenue. T5 N of Henrietta street,
N 25 by E 70. W 70. Precita Valley lands; $10.
James Ambrose to Josiah P. Fuller lot on
S"W Una of Sixteenth avenue. 75 SE of I
street. SB 75 by SW 100 block 325. South San
Francisco Homestead: $10. '
Jacob Heyznan Company to Christian Hash
a*en. lot on XV line of Mission street. 245 J*
of Brook. N 25 by W 100. Predts. Valley. 397;
$10.
Julius C. Rets to John 7. -Stauff. lot 10.
block 4, Rets Tract; grant.
Achilla Well to Peter Ferrari, lot on N line
of Felton street 90 W of University. W 30 by
N 100. lot 20. block 71. Railroad avenua Ex
tension; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
The Ttownsend Cbmoany (owners) wlfh Bar
ber Asphalt Paving Company (contractors).
architects Button & Weeks — AsphaJt paving
for two gangways and running platform for a
one-story frame and Iron building on lot on
NW line of King street, 375 SW of Seventh,
KW 284 by 8W 175; $ '.
Starr Estate Company (owners) with Ira W.
Coburn (contractor), architects William Mooser
and Edward O. Bolles — Alterations and addi
tions except sewering and plumbing and electric
fixtures for a four-story frame building on
lot on NW corner of Bills and llason streets,
N 60 by W 67:6; $6390.
Same owners with Ickelhelmer Bros, (con
tractors), architects same — Sewering, plumbing
and elect rtc fixtures for same on same: $7150,
Mary C. Raum (owner) with O. A. Craemer
(contractor), 'architect C. A. Meusadorflei" — All
work except shades and gas fixtures for a
three-story and basement frame building on
lot on W line of Julian avenue. SO S of Four
teenth street. S 00 by W 80; $13,075.
"On the one hand," said the teacher
at the night school,, pointing a long
finger at the map on the blackboard,
"in the present complication Is Russia.
On the other hand—"
Here he paused and looked sternly at
the shockheaded boy.
"On the other hand — "
"Warts!" hazarded the shockheaded
boy, helpless with terror. — Chicago Tri
bune.
RAUjWAY TRAVEL.
j CA 1 1 FORmXu M KEDg
lailCAGO T |N & DAYS!
I LEAVES DAILY AT ©2SO A. .M. M
jj l^-'T *-!?.'■!?, F "^ . A -^. o ?-h^f'.^ s .ra
Other Santa 7e Trains i
I:|2 *• m * [ For Stockton. Fresno. Bakersfleld.
8:00 pi ml J Merced. Hanford and VUalla.
4:00 p. m. For Stockton.
S :00 p. m. For Kansas City, Grand Canyon
and Chicago.
Ticket Offices — 641 Market st. and Ferry Depot.
San Francisco; also 1112 Broadway, Oak.
land. Cal.; also 27 South 1st. San Jos*.
_ . , — ■
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
Tibnxon Perry. Foot of Market Strttt
BAIT FBANCTSCO TO SAN BAPASXh
WEEK DATS— 7:30, 9:00. 11:00 a. rn.; 12:S3.
3:30, 8:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursday*— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:60 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30.
5:00. 0:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAZT BATASXi TO SAW FBAXCXSCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:OS. 7:35. 7:60. 9:20. 11:13
a. m.; 12:50, 3:40, 5:00, 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p. ra.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:40. 11:15 a. ex.; 1:40. 3:40k
4:05, 6:03. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I la Effect I Arrive
San Fran. | Oct. 2. 1904. | San Fran.
Week I Sun- I D-stlna- I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | tlon. | days, f Days.
7:30 a 8:00a 9:10 a 8:40 a
9:30 a Ignrnda 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:30 p 8:30 p 6:05 p 6:20 p
8:10 p 6:00 p 7:35 p
7:30 a - 9:10 a 8:40 a
8 : 00 a Novato. 10 :4O a 10 :20 a
3:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:05 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 8:30 p and 7:33 p
[5:00p Bants, Rosa.
7:30 a (10:40 a 10:20 •
8:00 a Fulton. 7:33 p 6:20 »
3:30 p 8:30 p ■
Windsor.
T:30a 8:00 ft Healdsbur*. 10:40 a 10:20 *
Lytton,
8:30 p 3:80 p Geyservllla, 7:33 p 6:20 p
Clovardal*.
7:80 al 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 a.|10:20 a,
3:30 p| 3:30 p| and Uklah. f 7:33 p( 6:20 p
J" I WUIlts and j j
8:00 a( Sherwood. |T:33p|6:20p
7:30 al 8:00 at 110:40 atlO:20)a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Gnernevllle. ) 7:33 p) 0:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 aj Sonoma. I 9:10 al 8:40 a
0:10 p) 5:00 pi Glen Ellen, f 6:06 p| 6:20 o
7:30 al 8:00 af ' ■ . . •■ 110:40 a 1 10: 20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| SebastopoL { 7:33 pf 6:20 p
STAGES connect, at Green Bra* for Saa
Quentln: at Santa Rosa for Wblt*> Sulphur
Springs and Mark West Springs: at Lytton for
Lytton Springs; at Geyservllle for Skaggs
8prlngs; at Cloverdal* for the Geysers, Boone-
vllle and Greenwood : at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Spring*, Soda Bay. Laksport. Bartlett
Springs and Lake County Hot- Springs; at
Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs.
Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Springs.
Upper Lake. Porno, Potter Valley. John Day.
Riverside. Llerly's. BuckneU'a. Sanhedrln
Heights. Hullvllle. Orr*s Hot Springs. Halfway
House Comptche. Hopkins, Mendocino City
Fort Bragg, Westport and Usal: at Wllllts for
Fcxt Bragg. Hearst and Sawyers; at Sherwood
for Canto. Covelo, LaytonvUle. Cummlags
Bell's Springs, Harris. Hubtard, Fruitland"
Dyer. Garberville. Camp S. Pepperwood, ScotU
and Eureka. .
Saturday to Monday round- trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at halt rates. -
Ticket office, 630 Market street. Chronlcl*
building. - .'^MSsAMWHBanMrfHMH
JAS. L. FRAZIER. R. X. RYAN, "
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
IV8t. Tamalpais Railway
It. Saa FrueiMO .^-JUiJL^^ Xr. Su TnadxxT^
- 8:85a tS^S&SSftl l:»Op •1O:5Oa
9:50a 9:5Oa \g*3s3>!JE29 2:55p 2:S5 P
i:45p l:45p 6:23s» "'"c-'i'sr
MOiiup 4:35r '■"^fBr 8»tard»ji ll:12p
*Tm Grarity Ou , y ■ , HVTmilpta to MiB Tilky
TIGHT it 650 Markst ST.,(North Shore Railroad)
07RUB J and Sausauto Fbuy, Foot Market Sc
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE.
6O-HORSES-5O
First consignment of pure-bred Percheroa
Colts 1 , Fillies and Work Htock, also Frenca
Co*ch Coltsw from th« KLAMATH COUNTY
LIVESTOCK COMPA.VY, OrtKon.
This lot consist* largely of Cxilta and FI1-
lles, from 2 to S years old, weighing from 1V"'O
to 1600 oounds. Several thoroughly broken,
pure-bred mares of perfect disoosltlon and
splendid conformation, aa well as work horses
ranging up to 1CUO pounds, being In this ship-
ment. Also six-year-old thoroughly reined
• nl gatted Sad.lio Horse. Ha Is handsome,
gentle and sound.
This Is a SDlendld lot of good, heavy-boned,
gentle-raised stock, not excelled by any on the.
Coast. Inspection of which Is specially Invited.
Bale takes rtaee
TUESDAY SVEZrxffC December 6. 1904.
At 7:43 O'clock Kharn at Salesyard.
1732 MARKET ST.. NEAR VAN NES3 AVS,
San Francisco.
FRED II. CHASE & CO..
' Livestock Auctioneer*.
Horaea at yard Sanday. Deo. 4. EEND FOR
CATALOGUE. No outslda horses will b« cf-
fered.
fe £r* fe
AT AUCTION.
CONDEMNED FIRE DEPARTMENT HORSES
By order of Mayor E. E. Scsmlts.
I i<n sell a lot of condemned Fir* Department
horaea on Monday, December 8, at 11 o'clock,
at Grove, street stables, 122 Grov« street.
S. WATKINS. Auctioneer.
F-n Crx
There wlU b« a BIG CLOSING OTJT 8A1.B
of 2 CARLOADS of GOOD YOUNG HORSB3;
also a lot of WAGONS. BUGGIES and HAR-
NESS. TUESDAY. Dec 8. 11 a. m. at 1140
Folsom st. WILLIAM CLOUGH, Auctioneer.
NO AUCTION— PRIVATE SALE — Just frosa
the ranch. 18 large. YOUNO HORSES, four
matched teams from 1100 to 1500 pounds; caa
pe seen at 2109 MISSION ST.. near 17U>.
RAILWAY^ JTRAVEL.
/*«f~irT*>v Tvmlsi* !«•>▼• m»dl »r« <5m«
/A^-rrr^^S. to »rr1v» at
(S&SX^Zi 8AN FRANCESCO.
V v> —^j A* J Fbom Od«a** S3. 1901
'Wj^ v t S 3-J>^^r Tim DSPOT
\JZS (Toot of Market Streas,)
!■»»*« - MAIN LINE. - a«»ivs
7C0a VscaTllle. Winters. Kamsey.. 7 50»
7.0Oa Benlcla, Klmlr»»od Sacramento.. 7-23f»
7^0a Taiiejo, Kara. Callstogs, SaaU
Rosa. Martlnes. Ban l;amon v ... S-20*
'30a Nu-s, Tracy, Lathrop, Scocz:on.... 7-20*
BOOAShaita Express— (Via Davis).
vt'iiJismi. Willows, tKrato. Ked
BlaX Portland, Tacoma, Seaitl« 7-50»
8 CCa DftrU.Woodland,Kn!ciiu Lsadlns.
M»rT9Tllle. OrovlUe 7-50»
840a Mirtlaeat, Aattooh. Byron, Tracy.
Stockton. Saw man, Los Baaoa,
Meadsta, Armona, Hanford,
Vlsaila. Portervllle «^0»
8-3UA Tort Coita. Modesto. Merced.
Fresno, QosUcn Junction, lisa-
. -r ford. Vlsalta, DaSersaelU 4-50»
B-30* Mle», San Jose, Llvermore. Stock-
ton. (tMlltoo). }<>ne. SKcrKOientOt
Mary»Tt::». Chlco. Bed Bluff .... 42O>»
B -30A Oakdale. Chinese, Jamestown. So>
aora, Tooluninr and Angels *•*?*
9 COa A tlantlc Express—Opden and Bast. 5.20»
8-30A Blchmond. ilnrtlaex and Way • '__
Stations 6-50»»
lO4)OAThe OverUnd Limited — *'aden.
Omaba. Chicago, Denier, Eaassj
to4»A va c iK^?!!::::::.:::::::::::n itSK
10.00a Los AdrkIos Passenger — Port
Costa, Martinez. Byron, Traey.
Lathrop. Stockton. Merced.
Rajmond. Fresno. Gothen Juno-
tlon. Hnnford, Lemoore. Vlsalla,
Bakersfleld. Jx>s Angeles 7.2am
12X0M Hayward. Miles and Way Stations. S.20»
tt -OOP Sacramento River Steamers. ttl.OOv
3 -3CP Benlcla. Winter*. Sacramento.
WoodlKDtl. Knt?hts iJtndln*.
Marys vllle, Orovllle and way
sutlons 10.80a
530p n»f wsrd.Nllei aad Way Sutlons.. 7.50*
3 JOp Port Costa, M*rtloez, Brron.Tracy.
Lathrop, Stockton, Modesto,
Merced. Berecda, Fresno and
Way stations beyoud Tort, Osta 12-2C»»
443CP Mtrtlnes.Saa IUmcn. V»UeJo,>f *?».
CaUstcga, Santa Rosa. M . 9 20a
400f>Nlles. Tracy. Stockton 10.20a
4 J0»» Baywsrtl. Nile*. Irvlagtoa, Baa J t950*
_- Jose. Ltvermor* > 111.50a
BXOp The Owl Limited— Xewman. Los
Banos. Mendoia. Fresno. T uUr*.
— „ Bakerafleld. Los Angeles. „ 8-50a
to Sup Hay ward. Nlies ana ban Jos« ..... 7.20 a
LOOP Hay ward. Nlies and San Jote. 8.s0a
BXOp Eastern Ez»r«ts— umaha, Chicago.
Dfcnver. &aas*s City, St. Louis.
Martinez. Stockton. 8acram«nuv
Col fax. Reno, epm-ks, lljutello.
- Oa-dea ..; ._.. "?.5J>
•••0^ Vallelo, dally, except btinday.... t -, -„_
700P Vallejo. Sunday only ...!.. f 7 - 80 *
7-OCp Richmond. San P«blo. Port Costa,
___ Martlnes and Way Stations 11.20*
7.00PEeno Passenger— Port Cost a. IJ«-
nlcta. Suisun. Elmlra. Dlxon.
D»tU. S*crameata, Spark*. Tono>
Pah, Keeier and Way Stations... 7.E0A
■ Oop Oregon A CallforsJa Express— Sao-
ramento, MarysvlUe, Reddlnc.
Portland, Puget Sound and K»»v. 8-50A
B.IOp Bayward. Mies aad San Jose (Snsr
dayonly) 11.80^
COAST LINE Oarroiv Naare).
n ' (foot of Market Street.)
8.16A Newark.^Centervlile. 6»a Jo»«, ™
Felton, Boalder Creek, Eaata
_„_ and Way Stations 5-53»
t2-15P Kewark, CentervUle, Saa Jote,
New Almaden, Los u»io«.Fe!tija,
Bouldur Crn«k, Santa Crus aad
Principal Way StaUona ♦! 3.5 J*
4.16p Newark. Saa Jose, Los Gatos... -|
«83Cp Hnnteri' Train (Saturday »nly)— TB "°* A
San Jose and Way Stations t7.2Ssi
COAST LIN E (Broad Uaage). *
QT^ClBlrd aad Tovrn»end Streets.)
*$.10a San Jose sud w»y Sutlona. OOai
700a San Joso and Way sutlons 540»
8.00a New Almadea (Tut *., Frld^ only). 4lio»
8-OOAThe Coaster— San Jose. Baltnaa,
Saa Ardo, Paso Eobles, SaaU
Marsarlta, San Luis Oblip*,
Onadalope, Gxrlota, Santa Bar-
bara, San Baen»ventnr». Moo-
talvo, Oxnard, Bar bank. Los
Angeles. in tbw
1.00a Gilroy. Holliater. Castrovllie. Del
Monte, Pacific Orove, Surf. Loa-
poo 10 5Qp
8.00a Ban Jose. Tres Pinos.WatsonvCl<C
Capitol*. 8aata Cru, P»c!3u
- Grove, Saltnaa, Saa Lul» Oblspo
10.30a San Jose and Way Stations 1.20ib>
11 JO a Son Jose and Way Stations.. . 7.30t»
2-15pSsn Jose and Way Stations 8.31a
3 OUPDel Mont« Kxpress— t>anu Clara. -
8anJose,Watsoavllle, Saata
Crui, Del Monte. Moaterey.
PsciflcOrove 19 IBs*
1S-C0P Los Gatos, Wright. Boulder Creek*.
Santa Cruz, via Santa Clara aad
Narrow Gauge tin JK*
S-30P Valencia St, Sonth San Franclscol •""•**
Bnrllngame, San Jose. Gilroy.
Hoi lister. Tres Ptnos 10 45a
" 4-SOpPan Jo*e and Way Sutlons +3 nnZ
t6J)0PSanU Clara. San Jose. Los Gatos, '*"**•
•ad prtoctpal Way Sutloa* (ax.
cepc SundiY) t9 OQa
|S.30p SanJoiesndITlnclpnlWaySu:!on» {9ini
6 4fiP Sanset Express.— Redwood. 81a •—■•««■
Jose.Gllroy,6allnas,Paso Kobiet,
6aa Luta Oblspo. SanU Barbara,
Los^Asgeles. Oemlns;. Kl Paaa
et.Lon1s, New Orleans, NewTork 9 10*
L45p Pajaro. Watsonvllle. CapUola, "-'**
eaata Croz. Cattrovlllo, Del
Mont«. Pacific Orove in» s
t8.1BP EaDMateo.Bereiford,BeImont Saa "°**^
Carlos. Redwood, Fur Oaka,
.... MealoPark. Palo Alto .„. t« 49.
• 3Sp Saa Jose and Way Suuons.." S Sfli
11.3GP South San 7Tanc!sco,Mlllbrae Bur^ II '' IB *
:in?ame, Ssa Mat«o. Belmoat.
Eaa Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaka*
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto mii,
•IISOp Msyneld. Mounuln View, Boa'aj^ t *- 45 *
vale, Lawreaee. SanU Clara aad
6" Jo,* AAAm
• A lor Morning: P for Afternoon. "
IBnndsy oxcepted. J Sunday oiuy ■
• Saturday only. 6 Mondajoa&.
latops at all stations oa Sanday t
|8nnp|^| To SAN RAFAEL
Illgy^U ROSS VALLEY,
JfHLL VALLEY,
i^^P^g! CAZADERO, Etc,
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Francisco, dally, at t7:05.
7:45. 8:25. 8:10. 0:50. 11:00 a. m.: 12:20. 1:43.
8:15. 4:35, 5:15. 5:50, 6UJ0. T:15. 10:15 and
11:35 p. m.
Arrtv* at San Francisco, daily, at i«:iO. ■
7:35, 8:15. 8:50. 8:35. 10:50 a. in.: 12:10. 1:30.
2:56. 4:25, 5:05, 3:42, 6:2l\ 8:57, 7:40 and
11:25 p. m. .
tDally except Sanday.
For Fairfax, dally, at 7:45 a. m.: also Sat-
urdays at 3:15 p. m., and dally except Satur-
day and Sunday at 5:15 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. dally — CszaUero and way stations.
3:15 p. so.. Saturdays only — For Cazadero,
etc.
5:15 p.^m. dally, except Saturday and Sun-
; day. for Toraales, . etc.^MMHngBBp:
f TICKET OFFICE— «50 Market st.
' FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market rt.
I WEEKLY CALL, §1 .00 FE2i YEAS.HOBART'S MARIGOLD DEFEATS M'CREERY'S LUCY GLITTERS
NOTABLE EASTERN
RIDERS TO APPEAR
John Bullman
Is Down to
Weight.
C. Jenkins and
Minder Are
Ready.
BY FRED E. MULHOLLAND.
The Family Club Handicap to be run
next Saturday will be the feature of the
v^ck's racing at Oakland. The event
is at one and a sixteenth miles vfor
'three-year-olds and upward, with
51000 added by the New California
Jockey Club. The Family Club of this
city will present the owner of the win
ner with a silver cup. Weights will be
announced on Thursday and the lead
ir.g performers here will be entered.
Other attractive features have been
arranged for the week, including a
handicap for all ages, at a mile, which
will be decided en Wednesday.
The spcrrt will also be marked by
the appearance of three clever jockeys
who have recently arrived. Bullman,
Jenkins and Minder are ready to accept
jnounts and their presence in the sad
fi!e strengthens the riding talent ma
tcrially. Travers will also reach here
. :h:s week.
BREMER KING
FOR THE DAY
Popular Marksman Makes
220 Rings in the Medal
31 at eh at Schuetzen Park
Schuetzen Park was the mecca of
marksmen yesterday, and the light and
tvind brought about good results. Otto
■Bremer was high man among the
champions at the monthly medal shoot
with 220 rings to his credit. The score
was tied by W. F. Blasse of the first
class, who also made 220.
Much interest was taken In the final
Ehoct of the California Schuetten Club,
as many of the scores -were close and
it depended upon yesterday's result to
.determine the issue. Adolph Strecker,
the well-known shooting king, again
proved himself a victor by scoring 2247
rings in his yearly average. In the
second champion class Chris Meyer was
high with 2151. W. F. Blasse placed
21^6 to his credit in the first class and
was far ahead of all opponents. The
high man in the second class was M. F.
Hartter with 2134 rings. Louis Thier
bath in the fourth class made the ex
cellent total of 2015 and F. J. Povey in
■ihe fourth class made 1975 rings.
A challenge match took place be
tween the president, P. Jacoby, and
■cttretary of the California Schuetzen
Ciub, resulting in the president mak
ing a center at the pistol target and
tht secretary scoring but one point less.
The scores follow:
• California Schuetzen. Club, monthly medal
*hoot: First champion class — Otto Bremer.
~">, 206. Secoad champion class— Chris Mey
•f. 2l«. 214; George Tamineyer. 218, 212; A.
Kahwyier. 1&4 lt&; F. A. Kuhis, 21S. 306' J
J-. Ctschi*. 20*. 301; O. Burtnelster, 206, 1M.
Kiret class — \V. R Bias**, 22u; A. Utachig
1W>. 17S>; M. Kolander. 209, 2Wt. Second class
—A. tftuder. 211, 20*; J. C. Waller, 199, Ife2;
A- von Wyl. 173, 172; 1^. J. Reubold. 2v7. 20i;
M. F. Hartter. 223, 198; F. Suter, 187. 168
Third olaes — H. Scheunert. 19*. 185; T. Sim
rc«n. 217, 191: M. J. Reubold, 159, S8; L*
Wille, 200. 194; I*. Thierbach, 205, 105- C
Sareborn. 165, 143. Fourth class— G. Ahrer.s,
1«, 159; A. Hennings, 168, 125; W. Xolden,
•I4t«. 141; F. J. Povey. 2u6, 205; C. von Hart
»iK. 1N». 173: C. Sor.nineaen. 1&4, m; John
Boiler. 153. 139; A. Brehm. ltJS, liO; U Rink
1T7, 161; F. L*vtrs. 153; William McCracken,
141. 135. Unclassified — O. Nolte. 156.
• Pistol ar^iex — John U. Utschlg, 84, fc7; Chris
aJeyer. 61. 78; H. Henninrs. '•'. Tfe: John Boi
ler. «4. 79; T\". F. Blasse, 73; Phllo Jacoby
61. 6«; T. J. Carroll. 65. 64; Otto Nolte. 63,
r.3; George Tamnseyer. "6; John C. Waller,
47, 65.
• Averace scores for the year, California
Sv-huetzen Club: First <hami>lon class — A.
Strecker 2247, AI Gehret 21»0, O. A. Bremer
2185. Second champion class — Chris Meyer
21 51, Georpe Tammeyer 2145, M. F B!ai«e
2128. A. Rahwyler 2073. F. A. Kuhls 2061. J.
L. Utschiff 2CK2, T. J. Carroll 2001. Philo
Jaco'by J«£<)y. First clay* — W. F. BlaFse 2156
<3. W. Barley 2OS3. Max Kolander 2t»S3. a!
Vttchir l*y«. Second clam — SI. F. Hartter
2134. I* J. Reubold 2129. A. Studer 2«S«J, J.
/*. Waller SOSt. A. von Wyl 1056, E. Woenne
1^4. A. Jur.gblut lhea, Frank 8ut»r 1814
Third class— U Tfeierbach 2015, H. Scheunert
J»t«. F. Simmen 19S3. Joseph Straub 1676 F
Kiede 1846. C. Sayehorn 1S05. C. Zimmermann
1740. M. Reubold 1632, F. C. Hagerup 1614.
William Volden 1592. Fourth class F J
Povey 1975, C. von Hartwlr 1874. John Bol
i*T 1611. J. Gassner 1713. William McCracken
16S8. Oeorte Ahrer-.s 1GO2. Adam Brehm 1533.
A. Soaniczsen 1135. Cadets — F. H. Bremer
2O7*.
13ntraeht Schuctzen Section, monthly mexJal
fhoot: Champion class — A. G. Stroh 350. C.
ven Hartwiff 351. F. A. Kuhls 377. L. Schmidt
VA, 3. Ycunjt .'it3>. First class — Joseph Rohrer
S4(«, W. Ruhaer 308. Otto Thlele 2S«. Second
class— F. E«p*rlir« 362, Otto N'age! 233. Third
class— J. Goldtine 270, F. Volrht 257. F. A.
Kuhls *as the medal winner In the champion
rlass. Joseph Ilohrer !n first class. F. Kjfger
::.■,-■■■_ in second class and J. Goldzine In
third class.
SHELL MOUND SEASON* ENDS
F. O. Schullrrts Takes the Final
Honors Shoot,
Yesterday marked the close of a
f-uccessful year for the Shell Mound
Pistol and Rifle Club at Shell, Mound
Park. After a day of close /bmpeti
tlon a banquet was held in the eve
ning, when the prizes were awarded
and the king crowned. The royal
honor was awarded to F. O. Schullerts,
the popujar president of the " club.
The scores follow:
Shell Mound Pistol and Rifle Club, annual
competition ehoot: Prix* winners — Second
champicn class, Robert S. XVtxeon. TO «7 67-
Jim class. Jot.il C. Ringen. C7, m, tJ6; Mcond
claes. H. Kofod, Cfi, 6."., 61; third cla«g &ft
jard mngr. H. P. KUr.lmi»r. 70, C8. es. '
Prize ccntert between be*t seven shots of the
year: Second champion class, 200 yard* Her
man WlndisulJer. 2788: n. S. Wixeon 2758- H
P. Nelson. 274S; J. Cobby, 2738; F. Mante'
2511: W. A. Fiebe. 24»2. First clas»— Paul A
PaulPon, 2S44: A. Thompson. 2311; J. c'
KJniren. 2307: L. R. Morphy. 2274; C. Otten,
2223; C. Pries. 20C1. Second class — L. a
Kraten. 2447: J. Uojfue, 2417; W. L. Paulson
2414: W. Guild. 230C; L. V. Fratea, 2304; F. M.
Burr, 22*6. TTiird <-!as.«. 50-yard rangf- j.
Cuttcnbertrer, 2C97; J. Kenney, 2643; F. Du
plin«ea. 227S; F. Stolta. 2607: C. E. Farman
£.'.80; A. Kirkaldie.' 2072. iJhoct-oS for Eiebe
championship medaf aeainct average of best
eeven s<?or*«, won by It. S. WJaion, score 397.
£h*-U Mound Pirtol and lUJJe Club, monthly
medal f*oct: Second rhamplcn class — H.
Klflaenbroicb 2C3." D. HopKtns 372. A. M
Poulsrn 31 J. F. liar.t* 330. J. Cobby. 402. - V W.
Thompson 340, F. J. Povcjr 395. FJrst elmse,
2<iO yards — C. Prl^s 302. A. Thompson 315. P.
Paulson 3«t. J. nins*n 307. t^econd cla«i — Dr.
I.. V. Fratw 350. CaptAla L. A. Fr*te« 354. W.
TouJw-n 3-Vi. n. <:. Holmquest W. Guild
SU. H. Tnunburg 1C7, E. Lorenzra 234, H.
HORSES WHICH
FIGURE BEST
BY FRED E. MULIIOLLAND.
First Race — Maxtress, Mistletide,
Harka.
second Race — Briers, Mr. Farnum,
MountcbanV.
Third Race — St. Denis, Corn Blos
som, Head Dance.
Fourth Race — The Mighty, Andrew
B. Cook, H. Lu Frank.
Fifth Raee — Little Wallr, Xorth
Wrst. Play Ball.
Sixth Race — Bjronerdale, Red Cross
Xurse, Major Manslr.
BUNCH OF SPRINTERS
IN OAAKLAND RACES
Andrew B. Cook meets a cluster of
sprinters to-day at Oakland in the
fourth race over the Futurity course.
It is expected the principal contenders
will be The Mighty and H. L. Frank.
The day's entries: j
Firet rac*. seven furlonrs three-year-olds,
•elltng: -~
7«7 "Box Elder iMoran) .\...1O2
7467 *Maxtress (Kronick) ;...K2
7503 •Libble Candid (Appleby) 102
7503 'Walnut Hil! (Stevens) \ .10J
7474 Mlstletide (Moormead Farm) 107
7o>Xi War Times (Grossheim) 107
7508 Harka < Ryan) 107
CSOO Al Waddle (Jones) 1H»
7503 Vaughan (Hertsell) 107
Second race, one and a sixteenth miles, four,
year-olds and up, selling:
7501 'Briers (Rowell) 71 1C4
74S0 Morengo (Maryland Stable) 101
7601 Imbecile <De' la Montanya) 109
7613 Theodora L (Smith) 1C9
74S2 "Mountebank (Keating) 101
7501 *Oalanthus (Coffey) 93
CD95 'Mr. Farnum (McCafferty) 104
7495 Follow Me (Mozier) 108
Third race, five and a. half furlongs, two
year-olds and up. selling:
7468 Prfcklee (Mag-Ill) 103
.... »Tfc« Gadfly «Ke*ne) 101
7475 »Corn Blossom (Rowell) 107
7486 Row bourne (Wright) 1C6
7427 "Head Dance- (El Primero Stable) 85f
7457 Bob Ragon (Summers) ICO
7007 Gallant Cassie (Miller) 100
74S3 George P. McXear (Stover) 106
St. Deot* (Zellnsky) 106
7411 Balxble (Blasingame) 109
7427 Fay Templeton (Dodge) 100
7007 Ara. (Stevens) 108
74S1 'Marie J (Jones & Lusk> 95
6628 *San Jose (Summers) $M
6315 Golden Idol (Daly) 106
Fourth race. Futurity courts, three-year
olds and up. purse.
7441 The Mighty (Ferguson) 103
435(5 "Tacolaw (Jennings) 103
6B21 Introductor <Ryan> IT>8
7502 Andrew B. Cook «Stan8eld & Ellis).. 107
6727 ""Sacredus < Jennings) » 100
6996 Ora Viva (Xishols) 10S
74»4 Judse i McAlester) 107
74S4 H. U. Frank f Cameron) 100
7440Stroller (Brlnkworth) 10ft
7423 Misty's Pride (Jones) 105
•Mennlcrs entry.
Fifth race, seven furlongs three-year-olds,
•rtlir.g.
74S4 'Hugh McGowan ( Rowell) 102
7509 'Coroner Kelly (Jorephs) 105
7514 'Northwest (Clifford) 105
7509 The Lieutenant (Stover) 107
74«7 Play Ball <Daly) 107
7469 Trapsetter (Erell) HJ5
7505 Little Wally (Brinkworth) 107
75O4 Wistaria (Stockton Stables) 10*
7470 'Ethel G fBrtmcntrr......r 102
Sixth race, one and an eighth miles, three
year-olds and up. selling-.
7307 Badly Used tVlrelH 103
7.VX) *Red Cross Nurs« (Josephs) »6
7490 Major Manslr (Brinlrworth) 103
74S6 Flying Ton^do (Eieil) 103
7476 Colonel Anderson (McLaaghlln) 107
7490 •B>Tonerdale (Crane) 108
•Apprentice allowance.
SAYS RECORD
WAS HUGE JOB
3Ian Who Started Cresceus
on Famous Trial Accuses
the Officials of Fraud
WICHITA. Kans... Dec- 4.— What
purported to be a carbon copy of an
aflidavit sworn to by A. S. Jordan of
Lyons, Kans., created considerable of
a sensation among horsemen here when
it was shown to them.
In it the statement is made that
there was an agreement between af
fiant, who was starting judge and
timer when Cresceus was said to have
made his famous mark of 1:59% on the
Wichita track, October 19, 1903. and
George H. Ketcham, owner and driver
of the stallion, whereby the horse was
to be given a mark under two minutes,
regardless of the time made.
The alleged affidavit also sets out
that C. M. Irwin, president of the
Southern Kansas Fair and Carnival
Association, and Fred Stearns, one of
the timers, were made cognizant of the
scheme just before the trial was made
and that the former concurred in it,
while the latter remained silent.
Of Harry Eames, the other timer, af
fiant is made to state that , he knew
nothing, not even being aware that he
was in the stand or held a watch. The
original affidavit will be presented at
the hearing of the contest before the
board of appeals next week.
Both President Irwin and Timer
Stearns saw the "copy." Both imme
diately wrote to Secretary Knight
that any reference to them was false
and absolutely without -foundation.
Jordan is a horseman and starting
judge of considerable experience-
Kofod 302. F. M. Burr 321, II. McKenley 213,
W. A. Petersen 21», B. Brunje 308, H. LoeHler
•*X6. Third class, 00 yards — F. Kester 372.
GuttMitx-rger jkm, G. Skinner 363. T. Neuwlrth
323. F. KUnkner 402, F. Dupllssea 358, J.
Kennty 41-( F. htulte 3M, U Delavergne 3tS!,
H. Vogl .TS9, H. Poulswn 331. A. Klrkaldlo 39«,
A. Schullerts 303, J. F. Donovan 34O, F. Em
ery 201, C. Thlcle 163. C. Boxtcn 314. A. Jonn
rton 290. N. Mahl 1<M, Dr. Farnam 379, F.
LJndbers 412 T. iC. Geratnell 330. G. Althaus«n
3*0. B. Schullerts 350. G. Holstein 227. A.
LJebecher 279. G. Curtia 372.
Deutscher Kricger VereJn, monthly medal
shoot— First champion class, Oscar Datnmer,
405; champion class, F. Kaiser, 3«>o; first class,
C. Meyer. 325; second claw. . H. Henninger.
334; third cla*s, Chris Hartmann, 312; fourth
class. J. Hoeberle. 316. IJeet first shot, O.
Dammer, 25; beet last shot, C. Meyer, 24; most
centers. O. Hammer. -
Independent Rlflea. monthly medal shoot — J.
Donovan S3 \V. Gaetjen 20, Captain H.
Schllchtmann 47. H. Gaetjen 33, J. H. Kuhlke
SI. Sergeant C. Andrews 68, Lieutenant H.
Gaetjen Jr. 40, Sergeant C. Iverson 47, H.
Kr Ir.hardt 53, B. D. Whiting 30. Corporal P. C.
Peterson 40, C. J. Doehrlng 57,' C. Schilling 41,
Corporal P. H. Scheming 46. . -.
Company A. Veteran Reserves, X. G. C,
monthly practice at 200 and 500 yards—Cor
pora! Duesler. IS. 13; 'John -Donovan, 15, 21;
Ldeutenxnt J. C. Darnall, 18, 2; E. G. Carr. IB;
E. Chalroere. ■ 9. 1T:'E.- M. Sherburne," 17, 17;
Corporal A. H. McKown. 12. 9.^@eSSM9blP
Bed Mm"e SchuMwn Company, mcnthly
tnedal shoot — Champion clan. W. Dressier,
3*0: first class, J. A. Mohr, 390: second claw,
C. O. Strtppcl. 356; third claw, D. Tamke, 344;
fourth class, H. Nicolal, 3-1S. Best first shot.
C. G. Strlppel, 22; best last shot, C. G. fc'trip
p^, 21.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1904.
TIGERS START
BATTING BEE
Three Doubles, a Single and
Five Tallies Tell the Story
of Oscar Jones' Downfall
ANGELS TAKE THE LEAD
Jud Smith Lines Out First
Home Kim That Ever Hap
pened Inside the Field
The Tigers made their final mixup
with the Angels at Recreation Park
yesterday one to be remembered for a
while. At least Mr. Oscar Jones will
dream about it for some time to come.
The memorable incident happened In a
little battingr bee during the seventh
spasm and ended only after the Tigers
had become tired of walloping and five
of them imprinted their trademarks on
the welcome and far distant rubber.
Score — Tacoma 5, Los Angeles 2.
In no other round did the Tigers fig
ure as hitters. The avalanche of runs
became a reality after two were
knocked down and the third had es
caped by a hair's breadth. The Angels
never got jerry to Corbett enough to
warrant their making more than two
runs. One happened in the sixth, when
Jud Smith knocked out the only home
run ever hit inside Recreation Park.
Hogan was the first Tiger to face
Jcnes in the heart-rending seventh.and
a pass was his lot. Thomas flew out
and Doyle forced Hogan at second. It
looked gioomy enough, even if Shay
was hit by a pitched ball, but the atti
tude changed a bit when Doyle and
Shay Dulled off a double steal. Smith
should have nailed Doyle a foot cff
third, but got careless and let the run
ner squirm away.
Jones promptly tossed two strikes at
Sheehan. and Tommy punched the next
out along the third base line for a sin
gle and tied the score. Amid the roar
that followed Nordyke slapped a double
against the right field fence, and Shea
han's work was done. Then came Mc-
Laughlin with another, and Corbett
with still another, making it three
doubles and a single for the round and
five big tallies, that broke up the game.
Smith's home run, though a remark
able feat, was rather fluky, for Mc-
Laughlin had to dig the ball out of a
hole, and when he tried to toss it to
third it slipped out of his mitt. The wil
lowy third baseman kept tearing
around the sacks and reached the pan
easily. Joe Corbett was presented with
a beautiful umbrella by the Tacoma
players when he came to the bat in the
second inning,
The crowd was small, as rain had
set in shortly before the game was
called. The two teams will open a five
game series in Los Angeles on Wednes
day. The score:
Tacoma — • I Los Angeles —
AB.R. H. P. A. AB.R. H. P.A.
Dcyle 2b 5 1 2 2 2 Hldbd, If 4 0 0 0 0
Shay, s.. 4 1 1 t 3 Flood. 2b 4 1 1 12
Shehn. 8b 3 1.1 1 1 Crvath.rf 3 0 0 1 1
Nrdyk.lb 4 1 1 11 1 Smith, 3b 3 1112
M'Lsn. If 4 1 1 0 0 Chase, cf 4 0 1 3 0
Corbett.p 4.0 2 1..4.Ershr. lb3_0. 0 9 .0
Grabam.c 3 0 0 9 0 Toman, 8 3 0 0 3 6
Hogan. rf 3 0 0 0 0 Eagar, c. 3 0 0 5 0
Thmap.cf 4 0 12 0 Jones, p. 3 0 0 1 0
, Totals. 34 5 9 27 11 Totals. 30 2 3 24 11
RUNS AND HITS BY INKINGS.
Los Angeles 10000100 0 — 2
Base bits 1 00101000—3
Tacoma 0 0 0 0 0 0 !i 0 x— 6
Base hits 1 1 2-0 0 0 4 *>*— 8
SUMMARY.
Home run — Smith. Stolen bases — Doyle,
Shay, fiheehan. Flood. Errors — Toman, Gra
ham. Two-base hits — Chase. Nordyke. Me-
Laugrhlln. Corbett, ThomaB. First base on er
ror — Tacoma. First base en called balls — Off
Corbett 2. off Jones 4. Left on bases — Tatoraa
11, Los Angeles 3. Struck out — By Corbett 9,
by Jones 5. Hit by pitcher — Shay. Passed
balls — Eagar 2. Time of game — One -hour and
thirty-five minutes. Umpire — McDonald.
DAMP COURTS
SPOIL SPORT
Collier Defeats Xourse in
Only Tournament Match
of the California Club
The wet weather upset the plans of
the tennis players yesterday, and the
tournaments had to be postponed. The
finals of the handicap singles between
Janes and Kenyon, scheduled for the
afternoon, had to be postponed.
Thirty-nine players entered the con
tinuous tournament which was com
menced on the California Club's courts
yesterday. Only one match was com
pleted. In it Will Collier, who drew
fifth position, defeated B. F. Nource,
who drew fourth place. The players
will exchange places- The score was
6-0, 6-4. The tournament is in no
sense a class affair, the players being
put into divisions simply for conveni
ence. R. B. Cornell was the first man
drawn and he heads the list until
beaten. Dr. Bush drew the second
place and has challenged Cornell.
Alexander Beyfuss drew first place in
the second class, Moulton Warner first
i:i the third class and Judge Troutt
first in the fourth class.
There are fifteen players In the first
division, five In the second, nine In the
third and eleven in the fourth.
The players drew as follows:
First class — 1, R. B. Cornell: 2. Dr. Bush; 3.
George Janes; 4. B. F. Nourse: 5. XV. B. Col
lier; 6, Kay Spllvalo; 7, H. Long;'. 8. G. H.
Busch; », Harry Rolfe; 10. Will Allen: 11. M.
Johnson; 12. C. J. Smith; 13. Frank Mitchell;
14. Carl Gardner; 15, S. II. Adams. - .
Second class — 1, A. Beyfuss; 2, D. V. Moore;
3, M. Long; 4, P. ioncs; 5, H. Gabriel.
Third class — 1. M. Warner: 2, G. Cutter: 3.
Dr. Lovegrove: 4, Al Kenyon: 5. II. E. Pun
nett: 6. Spencer Grant; 7, S. Hopkins; 8. C. G.
Kuebn. -
Fourth class — 1, Judge Troutt; 2, H. Lund;
3. H. Sullivan: 4. B. Ivancovlch; 5. Dr. Xoble;
6. M. Little; 7. H. Spring; 8. W. Murphy: »,
C. N. Ravlln; 10, W. G.'Knowlton; 11, H. Mc-
Afee.
-Some good practice matches were
played, the best of which: was a
doubles between Arthur "Chesebrough
and Sidney Salisbury and Paul - Jones
and Frank Mitchell. - The former won
two sets out of three.
. Ray Cornell was in good form when
he beat Will Allen, 6-1. Ray Splivalo
and D. V. Moore were beaten in a close
match by S. H. Adams and Sam Hop
kins. The scores follow:
Sherwood Adams and Sam Hopkins beat Ray
gplivalo »nd Du Val Moore, 4-6. 7-5, 6-3; Spli
valo beat Adams, 6-2: H. . Spring: and E. P.
Robbing beat H. Lund and William Murphy,'
6-2. tt-8. 7-6; Arthur Chesebrough ' and Sidney
Salisbury beat Paul Jcnes and Frank Mitchell
7-S 3-0, 6-3; Gus Llsser beat M. Little 6-4 •
Kay Cornell. beat Will Allen, 6-1. "
Other States may boast of their cap
tains . of industry, but , Kentucky/ has
her colonels. . v ,: "..■..■'"
PONIES IN A MATCH RACE
AT BURLINGAME.
MARIGOLD PROVES TO BE A FLYER
Sensational Polo Contest Is Won
By the Team Captained by Hobart
Hobart luck or Hobart judgment on
the quality of a horse show no dimi
nution as the years roll by. At Bur
lingame yesterday his pony, Marigold,
which he acquired recently, defeated
L«awrence McCreery's Lucy Glitters In
decisive style. Later In the day Ho
bart played a sensational game of polo,
his team winning.
The race resulted in an easy victory
for Hobart's pony and brought the neat
sum of $3000 to the lucky winner, if
common report of the bet be true. The
race was run on the private track of
Francis J. Carolan at Crossways
Farm and was witnessed by a. large
crowd, including many society folk.
Professional jockeys rode and profes
sional officials presided over the affair,
so it had all the settings and circum
stances of a professional event.
The distance was three-eighths of a
mile and was covered by Marigold in
35 3-5 seconds. Marigold took the lead
at the start by half a length and fin
ished three lengths ahead without ap
parent effort. She was . ridden by
"Hand-riding" Kelly. Lucy Glitters
was a bad actor at the post. The llrst
thing she did was to throw her rider,
Dominlck, who.landedjm.his knees in
the mud. She continued to buck for
some minutes; The track was heavy
with sticky mud. The ponies carried
130 pounds each.
The event was the outcome of a race
between the two ponies about a month
ago, when Marigold won by a neck,
bringing $1100 to her owner. Mr. Mc-
Creery was not satisfied and chal
lenged Hobart for another race of
$3000 a side, which was promptly ac
cepted. The officials of the race were:
C. H. Pettingill of the Oakland track,
judge: Dick Dwyer, starter, and.
Charles Dunphy, timer.
The Whites won over the Reds on the
Eurlingame polo field during the aft
ernoon by the close score of 7 to 6.
For the first time this season Charles
W. Clark was in a match. Walter
Hobart also reappeared, after being
laid up for six weeks with a sprained
ankle. The sides lined up:
Whites— Charles Dunphy/y Walter
Hobart and R. M. Tobin.
Reds^-C. W. Clark, John Lawson and
Thomas A. Drlscoll. There has been
no such playing on Burllngame field
as was seen yesterday. Hobart and
Driscoll went after the ball as if in
a frenzy- Several of Hobart's . goals
were perfect sky-cleavers, on which
the ball soared far above the posts, but
was true to the goal line. He scored 4
for his side, R. M. Tobin 2 and Dunphy
1. Driscoll made 4 for the Reds, Law
son 2 and C. W. Clark 1. This being
off-side was not allowed. R. M. Tobin
distinguished himself by a goal made
at a difficult angle. Lawson made one
on a long-distance back-hand stroke.
The game was intensely exciting
throughout.
TURFMEN READY
FOR A SESSION
Important Questions Will
Be Settled When Western
Jockey Club Meets To-Day
CHICAGO, Dec. .4.— Turf leaders of
the West and South have been x heading
for Chicago during the past week to at
tend the annual meeting of the West
ern Jockey- Club, which is set for to
morrow noon. Delegations from New
Orleans, St. Louis, Cincinnati, Hot
Springs, Louisville, Nashville and all
other turf centers are in the city, and
local . track owners have , returned for
conferences before the final proposi
tions from different clubs are presented
to the stewards of the ruling body.
•^ The Chicago situation is conceded to
hold more , possible complications than
that of any : other: turf center. It is
thought the Worth Jockey Club will
ask for a slice of summer dates on the
supposition' that there will be no racing
at Washington Pask next year. The
opinion of several turf magnates is that
this request will not be granted.
■ Despite the fact that big delegations
are here to present: the claims of vari
ous tracks; it is not expected the meet
ing will be ? marked by any greater
amount of argument." ; The stewards
will ask to be "shown" in case of new
plants at New Orleans and Hot Springs,
and > most of " the time ; of : the - meeting
will probably be: given up to the cases
of the Union Jockey Club at ; St. ■> Louis
and requests for more racing time from
Nashville/ Louisville,' Memphis and Cin
cinnati. ':..■...""' * '■•'
DIE3 FROM PTOMAINE POISONING.—
James Cook,* a marine - engineers who was
brought ; f rom ' Valle jo , last week ■ and taken • to
St.T Lukes : Hospital, suffering from ? ptomaine
poisoning. ; died '-. yesterday.' :..- He -. . was - at '- one
time attached to -the cruiser Philadelphia,:
SPORTSMEN' WHOSE RACING COL
iORS WERE CARRIED YESTER
■■ DAY AT BURLINGAME.
HORNETS PLAY
FINE FOOTBALL
Invincible Occidentals Go
Down. ''to. Defeat by the
Close Score of Two to One
The Oakland Hornets won their first
match of the present season for the
championship of the California Asso
ciation Football League at Idora Park,
Oakland, yesterday, defeating the Oc
cidental eleven, hitherto unbeaten, two
goals to 1. The game was a fast and
fierce one and was watched with great
interest by a good number of specta
tors.
The ball was kicked off at 2:45 and
in less than ten minutes the Occident
als iscored a goal. The Hornets were
unable to score in the first period,
which ended one goal to nothing in
favor of the Occidentals. After the re
sumption of play the Hornets equalized
the score and a little later McKenzie
scored a second goal. Wilson and Ap
pleby took the places of Podmore and
McArthur in {he Hornet team, Wilson
playing a strong game. The Disher
brothers and McKenzie, with R. Taylor
did excellent work. The referee was J.
Frew, with Sheddon and Couper. as
linesmen. The teams occupied the fol
lowing? positions:
Oakland
Occidentals Positions. , Hornets.
P. Lyden. . .'. Goalkeeper Barrett
Milne. . ... . . . . . . . Riicht back. . . .Gillchrest
Tierney. ...... . . . . . . . Left back . .Pomeroy
J. Anderson Right halfback. McGregor
Allen......... C. halfback.. .R. Taylor
Mathteson. .*Left halfback. .. .Wtlfon
McGulre... Outside right.. R. Disher*
Grade.. ...Inside right... T. Disher
T. S. Lyden... Center forward.McKenzie
J Taylor. ........... Inside left... Smith
Hodge. •• .'.: Outside left. . . . . Af>pleby
On the ground at Alameda the Albion
Rovers and Vampires played a keen
match,» the latter scoring one goal in
the first period. In the second period
Weiber of the Vampires • touched the
ball with his hands and from the pen
alty kick McArthur obtained a goal. A
second goal for the Albion Rovers was
obtained by Bradley, from a fine kick.
Shank made a third goal for the Rov
ers,;m the match ending three goals -to
one in favor of the Albion Rovers. The
teams were'; made up of:
Vampires— Rolfe, Weiber. Petersen,
Glarner, Turner, Harwood, Lees, E. Le
coutieur, Ramsden, Robertson, WlldingJ
: Albion Rovers— McPherson,; John,
Jennings, Drummond, < Bayne, Ander
son, Bradley,*" Whyte, Airisworth, Mc-
Arthur, : Shand. .
; On the ground- at Freeman's Park.
Golden :« Gate, the Independent eleven
did as they : liked withj the Pickwicks,
beating them eleven goals to one.
One of the , largest gold nuggets \ ever
found ' in ivaai recently ; picked
up; at thej Snowstorm Dlacer; in . Park
County/" between Alma ".arid Fairplay.
It ~weighs;120 ounces and has a market
value of ?200o: ; M-: W^M
INGLESIDE PARK GATES
ARE CLOSED INDEFINITELY
Demands of Greyhound Own
. ers Prove Too Exacting.
j> At the close of the meeting at Ingle
side Coursing Park yesterday Jerry
O'Shea, the managing owner,' an
nounced that the gates of the park
would be closed^ for an indefinite pe
riod. This is the result of a quiet but
bitter struggle between the park man
agement and the Greyhound Owners"
Association, which has been in progress
for several weeks.
According to the promoters the own
ers of dogs have been making unrea
sonable demands regarding prizes and
stakes, which could not be granted in
the present condition of the sport. Mr.
O'Shea offered to submit the matter to
arbitration and to produce the books of
the park to show there was no profit |
under present conditions. These over
tures were refused. It is claimed the
owners of the big kennels were satisfied
with the conditions, but the small own
ers precipitated the trouble.
The situation is a serious one for the
owners. There are more than a thou
sand greyhounds in this city, of which
300 are kept in regular training. "With
two parks in operation nearly 200 of
these ran each week. "With only one
park in operation from sixty-four to
ninety-six dogs can be run. As the
management can select the dogs, only
the best will be accepted. This will
render the slow dogs valueless.
Union Park will continue to run, and
as its officials have acted firmly in the
past they do not expect any clash with
the dog owners.
The class stake was won at Ingleslde
yesterday by Carlow Boy. which led
and beat Tillie R In the deciding course.
The surprise of the day was the defeat
of Full Moon, the 1 to 5 choice, by Sir
Winton.
The reserve stake was won by default
by the promising young Eastern dog
Lancashire Lad. Concord Boy, the run
ner-up, was withdrawn' because of se
vere trials. The day's results:
Reserve stake: Third round — Tamora b«at
Frank Dunn: Annie Ryne beat Mark Twain:
Concord Boy beat Peerlesa Beauty; Becky
Sharp beat Commercial Traveler: Lancashire
Lad beat Bob R; Young Fearless beat Th«
Earl.
Fourth round — Annl» Ryne beat Tamora:
Concord Boy beat Becky Sharp; Lancashire Lad
beat Young Fearless.
Fifth round — Concord Boy beat Ann!« Ryne;
Lancashire Lad a bye.
Deciding course — II. C. Lowe's Lancashire
Lad (Parton-Inickstitch) won by default. F.
Jones' Concord Boy (October Woodcock-Pal
myra) withdrawn.
Class stake — Renegade Apache beat Duhal
low; Bright Columbia beat Rich Array; Little
Plunger beat Modest Beauty: Racing- Auto beat
Jigamaroo; Tillle R beat Choo Choo; Qulta beat
Shotgun; Orslna beat Golden Fortune; Firm
Fellow beaj Our Motto; Freeport beat Gambit;
LONG DISTANCE CYCLERS
START IX SIX-DAY RACE
California Is Represented by Hardy
Downing and Carl Umberg
of San Jose.
NEW YORK, Dec. 5.— Amid a roar
of applause from nearly 20,000 specta
tors In Madison Square Garden the
contestants in the twelfth international
six-day bicycle race responded to the
crack of the starter's pistol, Fred by
Congressman Timothy D. Sullivan at
five minutes after midnight thi3 morn
ing. Eighteen teams started, the Cali
fornia team, consisting of the Downing
brothers, being broken up, Carl Lim
berg of San Jose being substituted for
Burton Downing.
Gougoltz, riding at terrific speed,
flew over the line in the lead at the
first turn around. Almost on even
terms .were Vanderstuft and Samuel
son, second and third, respectively,
lloran led at the end of the second cir
cle and at the end of the fifth lap ot
half mile "Walthour was ahead. The
record for the first hour was: Gougoltz-
Breton, Vanderstuft-Steel, Dusset-
Matzan, Walthour-Munroe, Butler-Mo
ran. Palmer-Agraz, Samuelson-Wll
liams, Mayo-Newklrk. Bedell-Bedell,
Root-Dorton, McLean-Bowler, Cald
well-Hopper, Keegan-Logan, Krebs-
Vofter, Turville-Mettling, Sulins-Rock
owitz, Downing- Limberg, 24 miles 3
laps.
At the end of the second hour all the
riders had made forty-nine miles. At
two minutes after 2 o'clock King waa
lapped In a fierce sprint led by Wal
thour.
La Union Team Victorious.
In a rough game on a muddy field,
the La Union football team defeated
the players of the Cardinal B eleven
yesterday afternoon at the Presidio
athletic grounds by a score of 19 to 0.
The Cardinal B's were outclassed in
team play and weight, the La Unions
rushing the ball down the field several
times, twice for touchdowns and twice
for fielfl goals.
Toward the middle of the first half
Moullen succeeded in kicking goal
from the 35-yard line and the half
ended - with a score of 4 to 0 for La
Union-
Cardinal B failed to take the usual
second half brace and under the ham
mering of the La Unions were driven
back on their own goal three times.
The half was marked by rough work,
several players being forced out of the
Cardinal B line.
The line-up of both teams was as
follows:
• Cardinal B — Anderson, Bartel, Cof
fey, Higgs, McCullough, Hostetter,
Lang, Grief, Norton, Dinnieni,^ Slmms,
Rick, Ledger, La Valier, Rasmussen.
La Union — 0'Conn6r. Mann, Moullen,
Mager, Thompson, Long, Mackenzie,
Weir, Boorman, Clarkson, Browning.
Adams, Merritt, Martin. '
Auto Records at Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 4. — After cov
ering seven miles at a pace well under
a mile a minute, Barney Oldfield was
discovered to-day to be traveling In
an automobile with a broken axle. He
was unaware of the accident, and It
was only as she approached the
stretch, lined with hundreds of peo
ple, that his . course was stayed.
Charles Burman, the racing partner
of; Oldfield, broke the world's record
for all distances , from six to twenty
five miles, covering the latter distance
in twenty-six minutes, fifty seconds.
Horseman's Wife Seeks Divorce.
LEXINGTON, Ky., Dec. 41 — Mrs.
Annie Madden, wife 'of John E. Mad
den, has applied for divorce In Cincin
nati, charging abuse. They agreed to
a legal separation, as life on the farm
was distasteful to her. The mildest
plea for separation was used in the
petition. Mrs. Madden -has returned
to the home of~her father In Hamilton
County, Ohio. Their two boys "have
been. placed In school. \
CAPE TOWN*. Dec. 4.— The body of. the tete
President 'Of the Transvaal .Republic. Paul
Kruger, Is lying . In state In < the Huguenot
Memorial building, where It la daily visited
by : treat ■ crowds.
Sacramento Boy beat The Refer**: Honect
John t*rat Royal Friend: Rocked Asleep b-at
Haphazard; Princess Savoy beat Frisky Bar
bara; Gallant Glancer b«at Runaway Actr«s»;
Lost Chord beat Northern Alarm: In Time beat
Belle Free; Sir Wlnton beat Full Moon: La
Rosa beat Olaucus; Carlow Boy beat Silver
Cloud; Hudson beat Tralee Maid : - Humboldt
peat Mount Rose; Richard Anton beat BaUa
dlno; Frette.- beat Texas Hoo Hoo; Clover
Blossom beat Mlsa Lucille.
Second round — Bright Columbia beat Rene
gade Apache; Llttl* Plunger beat Ractau Autr>;
Tlll!e R beat Qulta; Orsina beat Firm Fellow;
Freeport beat Sacramento Boy; Rocked A»le«p
beat Honest John; Princess Savoy beat Oallint
G\?*xt: Lost Chord, beat In Time; Sir Wlnton
beat La Rcsa; Carlo*v Boy. beat Hudson: Rich
ard Anton beat Humboldt: Fretter beat Clover
Blossom.
Third round — Little Plunser beat Bright Co
lumbia; TUMe R beat Orslna: Rocked Asleep
beat Freeport: Lost Chord beat Princess Savoy;
Carlow Bey beat Sir Wintoa; Richard Anton
beat Fretter.
Fourth round— TIlll* R beat UttJ* Plunrar:
Rocked Asleop beat Lost Chord; Carlow Boy
beat Richard Anton.
Fifth round— Tillie R a bye. Rocked Asl»e»
withdrawn; Carlow Boy a by».
Deciding course — U. Corder's Carlow Boy
fGlidiator-Rosebud) beat W. T. Ranghfa T1U1«
R (Fretter Free-Daiay Belle).
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PROFESSIONAL CLOCKER
224 Parrott Bid*., Fifth Floor.
855 Market St., - San Francisco.
OAKLAND BRANCH:
ROOM 8, - - "Hawthorne"
1155^ Washington Street.
SATURDAY I GAVE FOR A
PLUNGE TO WIN:
BGMB'D'R, 7 to 2, WON
RIPPER . . 8 to 5, WON
PLATT. .9 to 10, WON
BAB .... 3 to 5, LOST
These were the only horses my complete wire,
advised a heavy play on Saturday.
MY WIRE READ THUS:
DAILY RA.IN3 MESSAGE:
For Oakland. Saturday. Dee. 3. 19O4.
Track lumpy and slow.
ONE BEST BET OF THE DAY
BAB— 3 to 5— LOST
*BAB (Davis uy* is as fit as hands .
can make him. dx.n win by" a city
block IF DAVIS LETS HIM! GO AS
FAR AS TOU LIKE.
NEXT BEST BET OF THE DAY
FLATT— 9 to 10 — WO.M
PLATT is ready and outclasses his
field, shoes to plates. Is cherry ripe.
Can't lose, with an even break. GO
AS FAR AS TOU LIKE HERE, TOO!
NEXT BEST BET 0," THE DAY
RIPPER— 8 to 5— WON
RIPPER Is gocd and fit and looks a
"moral." Should lead all the way and
win galloping;. PLCXQE TO WIN!
NEXT BEST BET OF THE DAY
BOMBARDIER— 7 to 2— WON
BOMBARDIER has recently Im-
proved ten i pounds in his work In pri-
vate likes a small field, and at the
weights looks a sure winner. PLUNGE
TO WIN!
HOTS: Z could make either
PLATT. BZFFES OT B0M3A&D-
XXB MT O2TE BEST BET without
a qualm. All four are practical
certainties, bar the worst kind eS
bad racing 1 luck. Z adTlse a oarlar
on the four.
V-', JACK EOSVAOAT.
BAB was ridden all over the track by Mas*
ter Davis; could have ridden, him better my-
self, and I weigh 206 pounds. E» was beatea
ten lengths and should have won by ten.
$20 WON S436 ON
MY ONE BEST BET
PAST THREE WEEKS!
Twenty dollars invested daily I on my ONS-
BEST-BET-OF-THE-DAT at Oakland since
the beginning of the meeting, three weeks ago, '
has netted a clean profit or s-436.
Here Is the record COMPLETE of every
starter given by me as my ONE-BEST-RET
OF-THE-DAT since the OAKLAND meetln*
began. Every loser is accounted for as well
as every winner. On days when no horse is
accounted for It was either Sunday or my se-
lection did not start. A showing is made ef
the result of a $20 flat bet:
Date. Horse. . Odds. I>sult. Won. Lost.
14-Pelham 3 to 5 'Won S12 ..
IB— Revolt 10 to 1 Won 2OO
16-Ishlana 1 to 1 Won 20 ..
17- Dsl Carina atol Won 40 ..
19-Bora'aardier ....I3to5 2d .. ISO
21-ErteUe J 6 to 5 Won 34 ..
22--H. J.. Prank 3 to 5 2d .. 80
23--Kladano 6tol Won 120 ..
24-Oold Honey 8 to 5 3d .. 80
25— Vesnvian 6 to 5 Won 84 -
38-Meada 4 to 5 3d .. 8O
89-Znvader 7tol Lost .. SO
SO- Arcade 4 to 1 Won 80 ..
1-Klffrette 6 to 5 Won 24 ..
8— Bel Carina 3 to 5 Won 13
3-Bab 3 to 5 Z>o«t . . • 80
$3*6 $120
NET GAIN IN THREE WEEKS, $438
My ONE-BEST-BET today
will be the jammiest good things
I have unbottled to date. FROM
WHAT I KNOW he should be
an easier winner than either RE-
VOLT or MINDANO. my two
recent long-priced winning ONE-
BEST-BETS. No mistake will
be made with this one, and you
needn't fear it'll be another case
of "What happened to BAB?" I
KNOW SOMETHING!
TERMS: $10 WcEKLY; $2 D.MLY,
My friends are requested to send all mall and
telegrams to San Francisco offlce. . Oakland
branch for the accommodation of Oakland.
Berkeley Alameda and Emeryville callers only.
Win* not on sale at Oakland offlce until noon.
Ready at San Francisco headquarters It 11
1112
,_ ■_
HUNTER — HUNTER — HUNTER — HUNTER
sl ■ ~~ ii
liJ ' ; I g
a i
1 h
Z 2
-^ IS RIPE AND RICH. MADE FROM THE CHOICEST OF ZJ
■£ SELECTED GRAIN. MOST CAREFULLY AND SCI- E
j ENTIFICALLY DISTILLED,' INSURING THE HIGHEST \ |
I NUTRIENT QUALITY. THIS WHISKEY UNDERGOES I
Pj THOROUGH AGING BEFORE IT IS SOLD, AND IN X
f^ ITS STATE OF FULLEST DEVELOPMENT IS THE C
I PERFECTION OF
p 1
ZHIT.BERT MERCANTILE CO.. - ~
136-1U Second Street. San Francisco, Cal. —I
m» Telephone Private 313.
g m
HUNTER— HUNTER— HUNTER—HUNTER
ENTERTAINMENT FOR
TI1E NATIVE DAUGHTERS
The Senator" to Be Produced at the
Majestic In Aid of Their
Home.
On next Tuesday evening: the board
of relief of the Native Daughters of
the Golden West will give a benefit at
the Majestic Theater for the purpose
of raising: funds to liquidate the in
debtedness on the home of the order
at 1318 Hyde street. The efforts of
the board are receiving the hearty
support and co-operation of the mem
bers of the order and their friends.
The advance sale indicates that a
large sum will be realized and that
the audience will include many nota
ble people, among them being Gover
nor Pardee. who has signified his in
tention to be present with the mem
bers of his staff. !
In honor of the occasion the Ma
jestic Theater will be handsomely dec
orated, and Owner Morosco's stock
organization of clever players prom
ises to present "The Senator," which
is the attraction for the week, in a
way it has never been offered before.
Among: Ihose who have charge of the
forthcoming- benefit are: Dr. Bertola,
Mrs. S. Madson. Misses May and Kate
McGough. May and Alice Lacy and
Mary Farris.
Trapper'* Oil cur*« rheumatism and ne-uralxla.
Drucfflstz. SOc r.atU. Richard i Co.. 406 Clay.*
HIT WITH LOADED HOSE.— Ernest Peter
eon, a Etonecuuer. living at 12 Steuart 6treet
had a tight early yesterday morning with
Lawrence QulRley. proprietor of the Denver
saloon. KM Jackson street. Quieley finished
the fight by hitting Peterson on the head with
a. niece of loaded ho*e. Qulgley was arrested
for assault with a deadly weapon, and Peter
son. aft<r having a wound on his ecalp dressed
«.t the Harbor Hospital, was booked on a
charge of battery.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Chance of a Life Time!
Worth of
Wagons, Carriages and
Buggies at
50c oft the Dollar
One of the large wholesale houses of this city is' goinff out of
the wagon and carnasc business and they have sold their stock to
us at a phenomenally low price. The stock comprises a complete line
of standard wagons, carnages and buggies and we are going to sell
them as stated for
50 Cents on the Dollar
They must be sold quickly
Come and get first choice
SPIRO HARNESS AND WAGON COMPANY
307-309 MARKET STREET
COWBOY GIRLi WHO WAS OX
PROBATION" DISAPPEARS
Police Are Searching for Eva Barclay,
Alias 3Iunson, on Suspended Sen
tence for Grand Larceny.
Eva Barclay, alias Munson, the
young girl who pleaded guilty * in
Judge Lawlor's court recently to a
charge of grand larceny and was al
lowed to go on probation, has disap
peared. The facts will be reported
to the Judge this morning, and he
will be asked to issue a bench war
rant for her arrest.
Miss L. L. Stebbins, probationary
officer of the Juvenile Court, had
charge of the girl and got a home
for her. On Saturday afternoon the
girl left her temporary home, saying:
she intended calling upon Miss Steb
bins. She neither called nor returned
to her home. Miss Stebbins reported
the disappearance, and a search is
being made. .
The girl stole a purse from a Nome
miner named Carlson. She is only 16
years of age. and is an adopted daugh
ter of Judge Barclay of Los Angeles.
She is known as "the cowboy girl,"
having for months dressed herself in
male attire and roughed it as a cow
boy in Texas and Mexico.
Give a Clover Entertainment.
The Children of the Jewish Educa
tional Society pave an entertainment
yesterday afternoon at the Emanu-El
Sisterhood. It was highly appreci
ated by a large audience. The chil
dren handled their parts In a credita
ble manner, and were roundly ap
plauded for their work. The enter
tainment was held in honor of the
Chanukah Festival. Addresses were
made by Jacob Greenbaum,' president;
Benjamin* -Schloss, vice president; Dr.
Mayer May "and A. W. Voorsanger.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY. DECEMBER 5, * 1904
SEATS SELL. RAPIDLY ." • _
FO R TR.WELERS 1 BENEFIT
Fund • or the Association Assured of a
Substantial Increase From
Entertainment,
At a meeting of the San Francisco
Commercial Travelers' Association,
Aeld yesterday afternoon, the commit
tee having in charge the arrangements
for the benefit at the Majestic Theater
"Wednesday evening reported that
every box and loge in the house had
been sold. Besides the total of seats
disposed of, outside of those sold to
the general public, aggregated a total
of 1280. The committee satisfied the
association that there will be nothing
left to sit on when the curtain goes
up Wednesday night and the organi
zation will.net a handsome cum to
augment its relief fund. >
"Tiie Senator" will be the play of
the evening. Stage Director Robert
Morris will supplement the regular
lines with many hits on the members
of the association and prominent busi
ness men. 'A feature of the decora
tions will be a huge gripsack in elec
tric lights, which will hang from the
proscenium arch. The officers and
committeemen of the association who
have. the affair in hand are: C. C.
Miller, president; Henry Heinz, vice
president; J. A. Armstrong, treasurer;
M. B. Mergen, secretary ;O. C. Sievers.
financial secretary: entertainment
committee — Emmet Dunn, Harry Ma
heney, H. H. Becker, J. H. Horstman.
Peter Lang, K. . M. Bauman, . J. E.
Brandon, J. R. Salazar and Frank Mc-
Geeney.
CARBOX-MOXOXIDE CLAIMS
VICTIM IX EX-SOLDIER
Wlnfield \V. Choato Found Dead In
Office of a Private Detective
on 3Iarket Street.
Winfield W. Choate, an ex-soldler,
was found dead in the office of, A. H.
Barrett, a private detective, 997 Mar
ket street, yesterday morning. Gas
was escaping from a side bracket, the
key being turned on.
Choate, about 25 years of age, was
discharged from the army on October
28: He was a corporal in the Thirtieth
Infantry After his discharge he
obtained employment with Barrett. He
and Barrett and two f riends— T. C.
Gray and O. C. Tuft — were In Bar
rett's office till late Saturday night.
When they left Barrett told Choate
to lock up the place.
Yesterday morning: Dr. Thomas
Wheeler and S. W. Taliferro detected
the odor of gas and traced it to-Bar
rett's office. The landlady found
Choate lying on the floor, dead.
Whether Choate's death waS acci
dental or premeditated is a matter of
conjecture. He was born in , Lowell,
Mass. Friends say he was temperate
in his habits.
To Aid Mission.
A concert will be given at the ,Y. M.
C A- auditorium to-morrow in aid of
the organ fund of the Cathedral Mis
sion of the Good Samaritan. 'An ex
cellent programme will be. rendered
by Grace v Church choir, withYWilliam
H. Holt, as .conductor and: S. Homer
Henley as concert ; master. ' The * pro
gramme ~ includes solos, quartets ■ and
numbers by the full choir.
Hold Feast - of Dedication.
1 The Helpers of Zion Society cele
brated the feast of dedication' of the
new Jewish temple. last ;nigrht at B'nai
B'rith Hall with a special musical pro-'
gramme by S.' Goldstein,'; Harry,' Davis
and ' W. Stern. - "Addresses "were made
by Rabbi" Isidore Myers *■'. and ; •• J.' -; H.
David.- The ceremony of the feast. was
ccnducted" by ; Cantor' Llederman.
FIRE DAMAGES
LARGE FACTORY
Valuable .Vehicles Are De
stroyed at the Carriage Re
pository of O'Brien & Sons
SAVES CRIPPLED HOESE
Special Policeman Hooper
Kescues Helpless Animal
at Risk of His Own Life
- The carriage factory of O'Brien &
Sons at Golden Gate avenue and Polk
street was damaged by fire yesterday
morning. The loss will exceed $10,000.
A blaze in the basement spread over
that floor, climbed the elevator and
scorched valuable vehicles on the four
floors of the building. Flames spurted
from tbe^ windows and even from the
manholes in the sidewalks.
Tongues of flame nearly a hundred
feet high burst through the roof. The
roaring of .the -fire could be heard for
several blocks. St. Boniface Church,
across the street, was slightly scorched.
Immediately adjoining the carriage
factory is the veterinary hospital of E.
J. Creely. There the dramatic incident
of the fire was enacted. The place was
crowded with crippled horses which
were in danger of being burned to
death. : .^7
Special Officer "W. Hooper of the Pa
cific Humane Society, who lives just
across the street, hurried to the hospi
tal when ,he saw the blaze. At his
suggestion a hose was run into the
hospital, and willing hands assisted
most of the animals to safety.
HORSE'S CLOSE CALL.
IJut there was one horse that could
not be moved. He lay on the floor of
the stall close against the wall and
next to the burning carriage factory. A
puff of smoke blew through a crevice
in the wall. Hooper drew his revolver
prepared to send a bullet into the ani
mal's head if the flames became uncon
trollable. * J
Hooper stood at his post though the
flames were close to him. A steady
stream of water fought back the
flames. Hooper' waited with drawn re
volver until the danger was past. He
refused to leave the place until his
equine charge was safe in the street.
Large quantities of inflammable paints
and varnishes made the flre a hot one.
Six alarms were sent in and the quick
response of the Fire Department saved
adjoining buildings.
ORIGIN' NOT KNOWN.
The exact .cause of the fire is not
known. Shortly before it was discov
ered James Bruce, the engineer, was
cleaning a, boiler in the basement. He
and his assistant left the place to get
breakfast. When they returned the
building was ablaze. It is supposed
that a spark from the banked fires in
the engine room ignited some rubbish
and started the fire. - ; / y
The buggies and carriages on the
lower floor were run out into the street
by men and beys who lived in the
neighborhood, but those on the upper
floors were. all more or less damaged
by lire and water. The interior of the
building was badly scorched and
charred, but the outer shell, which is of
brick, is uninjured. The machinery on
the lower floor is believed to be ruined,
Joseph M."-i O'Brien, president, and
Jerome H. O'Brien, treasurer of , the
firm, were in Redwood City when the
place was burned. John J. O'Brien, the
secretary, declined to place any value
on the property until the other twu
members arrived. The loss is covered
by insurance.
The firm of O'Brien & Sons burned
out fifteen years ! 'ago and lost heavily.
Immediately afterward another factory
was built on the present site.
Charles Peddler, a man employed in
the building, came near being asphyxi
ated by smoke during the time the
place was on fire. He entered through
a rear window with the intention of
saving some harness. When rescued
he was found to be unconscious and
was sent to the Emergency Hospital.
AXXUAL. ENTERTAIN3IENT OP
SWEDISH LADIES' SOCIETY
Well Arranged' "Programme of , Inter
esting Numbers Is Enjoyed* by
a Large Audience.
I The Swedish Ladies' .Society of San
Francisco held its ninth annual enter
tainment and ball at Turn Verein Hall
Saturday night. An interesting pro
gramme was rendered, consisting of an
overture by the orchestra; address of
welcome by Mrs. H. Pearson, president
of the society; humorous selections by
H. Meyer; vocal solo by Miss Lillian
Byrnes, with accompaniment on the
piano by Mr?. P. O. Peterson: old-time
lancers by eight couples, in national
costume.
A feature of the programme, which
evoked considerable merriment, was
the one-act play by A. F. Brandstedt,
entitled, "A Day of Their Honeymoon."
This was given -by Harry Mentzer, Mrs.
Fred Johnson, Miss Agnes Landgren
and H. Meyer. Following the pro
gramme dancing continued until a late
hour. The various committees of the
evening consisted of the following:
Committee of arrangement — Mrs. Herman
Pearson, Mrs. Fred Johnson, Miss Jennie Nel
son, Mrs. G. R. . Lindbergr, Mrs. A. Fehlen,
Miss Anna Anderson. -
Floor committee — Miss Jennie Nelson, floor
manager; assistant floor manager, O. Pearson;
Miss Hulda Swenson, A. Berglof, Miss Inge
borsr Johnson. Otto S. Pearson.
Reception committee — August" SJogren. P. H.
Hanson. Herman Pearson, Fred Johnson,
Charles Armstrong.
Scmt-Anmial Millinery Sale.
Miss J. . E. Connor begs to' announce to the
ladies of ban Francisco that she will offer her
entire stock of imported " hat* at greatly re
duced rates: $25 hats, $15: $15 hats. $10; $10
hats, $5. , Sain beginning Monday, 9 a. m., and
following days. ■. 138 Geary st. •
Alumni to Meet.
The semi-annual meeting of the
Alumni Association of the College of
Pharmacy of the University of Cali
fornia will be held on Friday evening.
Papers on subjects of note will be
read and some. interesting discussions
are expected. V
Great Sale To-Day.
To-day. 10 a,, m., 'will commence the great
$35,0CO • creditors' sale of Baron's " cloaks and
suits, 762 Market street, -' by order of E.' J.
Hanson, Assignee. «9|SK(B&HImHMW *
SAILOR AND WAITRESS FIGHT.— Harry
E. Sheets, . a . sailor, was asleep on a chair in
the Cape Nome saloon, 520 Pacific street, early
yesterday morning- when Gertrude Call, a
waitress, wakened him. ; -Sheets struck her
8nd cut her lip. .As he drew back his hand
to Btrikeher. again; she hit. him on the ! head
with ; a- beer . bottle and ' cut his scalp . open.
Policeman Joy, arrested the woman (or assault
with a deadly weapon and Sheets ■ for battery.
Sheets ' was sent to . the ■ Harbor ' Emergency
Hospital. v.
OLD MAN STRUCK BY CAR.— Oakland,
I>ec, 4. — Thomas Harlock, ' CO • years " old, * a
bollermaker, living at;. Seventh and . Filbert
streets. . was-, struck- by a Twelfth-streets car
last . evening • at . Twelfth ' and Clay ■ streets. '. His
shoulder was badly .wrenched and he sus
tained a number of 'painful - bruises about . the
body.'^aftaMBBHaiMaSBBHHMSBnffljB^tal
;- The • effect on tho ,: digestive organs
after :", using . Lash's i Kidney and • Liver
Bitters is. truly wonderful.- < , ?
ELKS DO HONOR
TO THEIR DEAD
Annual Memorial Services
at the Tivoli Opera-House
Before a Vast Audience
BEAUTIFUL TEIBUTES
Words of Orators Sound
the Praise of Brothers
Who Are in the Shadow
To the memory of dead brothers
San Francisco Lodge No. 3, Benevolent
and Protective Order of Elks, yester
day afternoon paid a beautiful tribute.
The Tivoli Opera-house was crowded
to its topmost gallery, and not a va
cant seat remained anywhere In the
spacious playhouse when the clock
struck 2, the hour Bet for the com
mencing of the ceremonies.
The memorial committee chose for
the stage settings a . somber forest
scene, an ivy-covered cross, and In the
background the noble figure of an elk.
At each side of the footlights were
clusters of palms and ferns, and in
front of the center 'of the stage was
a row of seats for the officers of the
lodge. *
Chopin's '."Funeral March" was the
opening number in the order of exer
cises. Paul . Steindorff and Edward
Buechner directed the orchestra. When
the strains of music had died away the
"Ceremony of # the Lodge" was per
formed. It was followed by the sing-
Ing of "Not Dead, But Sleepeth" by
ADVEl^TISEaiEyTS.
BQWEN
At this time of year be
sure to visit our stores
whether you telephone you r
orders or a solicitor calls.
We have many new food
novelties and holiday grocer-
ies to^show you. You'll be
LEBKUCHEN
( German Honey Cake ) —
Made in Nurnberg — 16 vari-
eties.. Good for children.
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Good Tea-A'l Flavors 40
reg'ly 50c Ib 2 lbs 75
Kona Coffee-reE'iy 25c ib 20
Best for the money we sell.
Bird Pate-Franco-American 20
Sandwich paste, rcg'iy 25; can
Potted Beef-Fr*iKO-Amerlcan 10
reg'ly $1.50 djz 1.10
Bon Bbns
N^ver so nrfttv. np^'P r cf > many
Baking rowaer-txceisior - au
Our own reliable brand reg'lv 35c lib can
Bromangelon-reg'iy i2Kc 10
Peaches-Pears-Plums 3 for 50
Alcalde, good rich syrup, reg'ly tiCc
2# Ibcan
Washing Powder-Kieeno 20
Tfy it once, "that's all,"
reg'ly 25c 3 Ib pkg
Toy Christmas Trees
Corn Poppers *f
Single, double, reg'ly 20c, 25c
Fresh BeetS-One'.da Community 30
Delicious. Ree'ly 3>c qt Jar
FruitS-Oneida Community
Raspberries, strawberries, huckie- . 50
berries, blackberries reg'ly 60c 70c qt jar
Sardines-Marie Elizabeth 15
Good plain fish, reg'ly 20c Ige can
Smyrna Fi2S-reg'iy25cib 20
Eat plenty of them, • 31bs50
Fard Dates 3 lbs 25
First of the season, reg'ly 12|c Ib
Hickory NutS-(Shell Barks) 12^.
New ones, extra fancy, regly 15c Ib
Black Walnuts-New 10
Genuine Eastern nuts, reg'ly 12#c Ib
Todd's Famous
Virginia Hams i
Whisky-G b & Co. 1.00
t O. O. V. Cosmos Club Bourbon 4.00
regMy $1.25 bot |5 gal
Claret-V: Zinfandel 40
Pure table wine, reg'ly 60c gal
Gin- Dry, Old Tom, reg'ly $1 85
Irish Whisky-KHJy Croy, 1 star ,
Distillers* Co., Ltd., reg'ly $1 bot 85
Rockand Rye-reg'lyJ1.25qt 1.00
Pure rock candy and rye whisky
Chartreuse-Green 75
Delightful liqueur, reg'ly 85c J^pt
Benedictine #pt; 60 pt 1.00
reg'ly 75c, $1.15, $2.15 bot qt 1.90
Scotch Whisky-Distillers' Co..
, HighlandtClub, reg'ly $1 bot 85
Caledonian Liqueur, " $1,35 bot 1.00
Port-California Extr* 40
Health tonic, reg'ly 60c bot, $2 gal 1.50
YermOUth-re2 ; ly60cqt 50
' French or Italian, wholesale price
MORE NEW GOODS .
Fard date;, Hungarian prun-
elles, black walnuts, hickory
nuts,- shelled almonds, an-
chovies (in bulk, ) French
mushrooms, ripe olives..
C H R ISTM AS
tree ornaments
Bon -bqh n ier toy s ■
SMake your. selection early -^
AJJVERTISEkCEgfTO.
O'CONNOR, MOFFATT ®. CO.
GIpVes Hosiery
Ribbons Neckwear
Gloves Hosiery
We carry'completc assort- Ladies' Black Cotton
ments in the best makes of Hose> extra long and elastic .
gloves for Men, Women and , - .: .». . f , .
Children, including Dent's, DoubIe sole, >eels and toes,
Reynier and Fownes Kid "Hermsdorf" dye. White
Gloves and the celebrated foot, white soles <"«3£*
Kayser Silk Gloves. solid black uDC
~~r~ t — ' gAis
OpCCldl Ladies' Heavy Black
50 dozen Ladies' Import- Cashmere Hose, either plain
ed Fine French Kid Gloves, or nbbed » ? xtra length,
perfect fitting, in all the made with double heels
most popular. rt« * #*n and toes and ex-n/v
shades. Regular Jp L»CiD tra spliced feet.... 5UC
value $1.50....... PAIB . PAn>
Ribbon Neckwear
C% • « Silk and Chiffon /f\
ODGClfli Stocks, in shades of OUC
r white, blue and pink each.
300 pieces newest color-
ing in the best quality No. Ladies' Novelty Four-
60 Dresden ribbon, in white, in ' Ha * d Silk Stocks, in fan-
• 1 ti xtm j cy colors,
pink, blue, Nile and cream '
grounds, with small, dainty SLUOZffld SI. 15
floral designs, full 454 — .
inches, wide. Very appro- Ladics , Novdty Chiffon
pnate for making fancy ar- and Lace ]aho^ - m black ,
tides for the holidays, also whitft f J colorg .
for neckwear and -„ -.i «*» *«««
sashes; former price 35C 60c ' 75c ' * L00 ' 5 L15 '
55c ..., ......tabT $^5, $L50 Each.
1VJ/X'TME W most acceptable and useful gift for
nl.w'l ML* the "holidays is a Glove or a Merchandise
Order, which we issue for any amount and which is
received at any time in all departments.
Ill to 121 Poat 5 tree t ..^ irfgTTt '^i . *
the Elks' Quartet, Messrs. J. , H.
O'Brien, W. M. Oglivie, R. B. Kay and
J. C- O'Donnell.
Responses by officers of the lodge
developed the sentiment of the opening
ode.
Great Ruler of tie universe.
All seelne and benign.
Look down upon and bless our work
And be all glory thine!
Oh. hear our prayer for our honored dead.
While bearing In our mind
The memories graven on each heart
For auld lass syne.
The invocation was delivered by the
Rev. J. A. Emery, who spoke in
a clear voice, full of emotion. The es
pecially selected musical numbers that
followed were: Soprano solo by Caro
Roma, organ recitation by C. S. Hoff
man, violin obligato, Herr Baumgar
ten; Elks* quartet and selection by the
orchestra.
Judge Henry A. Melvln of Oakland
delivered the oration. He said that
the glories of peace were greater than
Chose of war. * After war there always
follows a long and soothing calm. He
compared the war of the struggling
world with the peace of eternity, and
spoke feelingly of the dead brothers of
the order and of the eternal rest that
they have so righteously earned. The
great outpouring of San Francisco
Elks upon the memorable occasions of
their annual tribute to those who are
gone, but not forgotten, was repre
sentative of the unity of the order. --\-y
The speaker referred to the death of
former Grand Exalted Ruler Meade D.
Detweller and said "Not alone In
song, nor In speech, nor In story,
did he excel, but in the great
ness of his love for his fel
low man and in the goodness
of his deeds. As we think of
him, as we think of others who have
gone with him, we can Joy in the
knowledge, of how they toiled and
prayed to make the world better. When
\the heaven is filled with myriads of
splendid stars, In the calm of the night
we can read the message that God
flashes across interstella space and
know that all is well." >
Edwin Clark rendered a barytone
solo, "Peace," before a reading from
Tennyson's "In Memoriam" by George
P; Webster. The lines.
"Tin better to have loved and lost
Than never to have loved at all.
Touched the soul chords. Miss Etta
O'Brien's clear, sweet contralto ren
dered faultlessly "Flee As a Bird."
Exalted Ruler John S. Partridge
■was brief but effective In hi#' eulogy.
He said that it was not to be^forgot
ten that when a brother Venters the
valley of the shadow of Death, and
the morning sun turns the hilltops, the
spirit awakes. Man's progress is but
a • testimony to God's greatness, and
when in the midst of doubt and unbe
lief there is always that which broad
ens the way to a better being and a
faith.
.The speaker outlined the lives of
those whose names had been engraved
upon the tablets of memory of the
lodge during the year. He paid tribute
to each . and every one— John . O. Reis,
Paul Bunker. Charles J. Ellis. D. D.
Wass, Ralph Harron, George E.
Raubinger, James Shea Jr.. Meade D.
Detweiler and George H. Wolfe.
The benediction was delivered by the
Rev. J. A. Emery, and the ceremonies
were then closed by a selection by. the
orchestra.
- The following were the members of
the memorial committee: W. M. Ab
bott, chairman: C. W. Nevin. secre
tary >D. E. Stafford. E. Godchaux. W.
H Leahy. WV M. Dickie. C. U Beck.
R. A. Meserole. W. M. Ogllvie and T.
F. Prendergast.
ACCUSED OF STEALING WATCH. — Frank
Keene. 688 Hayes street, notified Sergeant
Griffin and Policeman. Lord early yesterday
morning that David Brown had stolen a lady's
watch valued at ?13 from him while he .was
tn the Monte Kio saloon. . 4J»7 Hayes. The ot
flcera arrested Brown and booked • him at the
City Prison on a charge of grand larceny. The
Christmas Tree Festival.
A Christmas tree festival was given
at EIntracht Hall on Twelfth street last
night by the Schleswlg Holsteiner
Frauen Vereln for the benefit of the
children. The hall was handsomely
decorated for the occasion with a tall
pine tree, loaded with tempting dain
ties, all of which found their way into
the possession of youngsters when the
allotted time arrived for the distribu
tion. This portion of the evening's en
tertainment being disposed of. danc
ing, in which old and young partici
pated, closed the evenings entertain
ment.
Burnett's Extract of Vanilla— Used
exclusively by all leading hotels and clubs. •
"Bob" Bardette to Speak.
"Bob" Burdette. the well-known
humorist, will deliver his taking lec
ture, "The "Woman "With the Broom."
at the T. M. C. A. auditorium on Fri
day evening- This lecture Is in the
association's star course, and la said
to be one of Mr. Burdette's best.
Removal of General Passenger Office,
Southern Pacific. 5
General Passenirer Office. Southern Pactflo
Company, will move to ninth floor. Merchants'
Exchange building. California street, between
Montgomery and Sansome. on Tuesday De
cember 6. on which date the present General
Passenger Office on second floor at 4 Mont
romery street will be closed, business berns
resumed at the new offices at usual hour
Wednesday morning. December 7. The adver
tising deoartment will also more Tuesday, to
ninth floor Merchants' Eichaag*. Its office* In
room A. Wells-Fargo building, being closed on
that date. •
ADVERTlSiaLEyTS. f
CASTOR I A
• for Infants and Childrea.
Tba Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the /y ' y/fTf , jr. "
FRENCH SAVINGS BANK
SIS Moata-omerr Strttt.
Capital paid np .....:.: $ 600,000
Dividends paid to depositors . 1,656,226
CHAS. CARPT. President.
ARTHUR LJEOALLET. VIce-PrnsW»«.
VEOH BOCQUERAZ. Secretary.
JOHN GINTT. Aut. Secretary.
DIUECTOESl
Dr. E. Artiraes. Ctas. Carpy, Leon K*aCaa%
O. Boilo. J. B. Clot. A. Bxxh. . : >
Leon Bocqaeru. J. M. Dnpas. a. ]>zal!e%' .
J. A. Eerserot. J. B. Godeaa. J. J. Mack.
lataraat paid ea deposits. Loans mad* o»
Real Estate and approved aecuriuea.
P^NFANTS^^INVAUDS^
Constipation and many other
infantile disorders are the rev
suits of improper feeding. Give
your baby Mellin'3 Food and see how
quickly infantile troubles disappear.
Send for our book "The Care &
Feeding of . Infants " and we will send
it with a sample of Mellia's Food
I' free of 'charge. ■
MELLIJTS FOOD CO., BOSTON, MASS.