THB WEATHER. ' ■
Forecast made at San Fraaclseo for
thirty boors eadlns mldalsht. Dec 21,
1S34.
Ean Fraaclseo and vicinity — Cloudy,
unsettled weather Wednesday, prob
ably rain by niirht; warmer; ligrht
northerly chasslnr to fresh south
east winds.
A. O. McAXHE,
District Forecaster.
VOLUME XCVII— NO. 21.
"FRENZIED FINANCE" LAWSON DIPS INTO POLITICS
Standard Oil's Part
in the Election
of 1896.
FIVE MILLION FUND
Searchlight Turned
Upon Addicks of
Delaware.
"FIXING" A COURT
Alleged Jobbery by
Bay State Gas
Company.
Epedal Dlcpatch to The Can.
BOSTON, Dec. 20. — Thomas
W. Lawson said to-night that
he had be«i poisoned twice In
the last Uirec weeks. He made
light of it, but Insisted that
Uiere was no mistake. He had
reasons of his own for keep
ins the story from the public,
he said.
"In about twenty days." he
said, "I have been suddenly
and mysteriously stricken down
twice. Once doctors worked
o\-er me for twenty- four hours
before they pronounced my life
to be out of danger. In both
cases the symptoms were those
of acute digestive pains, nausea
and other signs that usually ac- *
company poisoning.**
NET.' YORK, Dec. 20.— While Every
body's Magazine, containing Thomas
W. Lav.fon's story of "Frenzied
Finance," was being circulated by the
hundred thousand to-day~tn-^defiance
of the earning given by samuel Unter
myer Jr., counsel for Henry H. Rogers,
Untermyer himself was In Boston.
where it was correctly supposed he
was taking action against the sensa
tional operator. The American News
Company handled an edition of the
magazine -that is said to have num
bered 7C0.000.
In his story Lawson charges that H.
H. Rogers was instrumental in raisins
a $5,000,000 campaign fund to secure
the election of the Republican ticket
In 1SW>, at a time just bc-fore the elec
tion when it seemed possible that
Bryan mi?ht win. Marcus A. Hanna.
he says, had called into consultation a
half-dozen of the biggest financiers
In Wall Ftreet and it was decided to
•turn" at least five of the doubtful
States?. Larson's article Bays:
" 'Lawson.* paid Rogers, looking at
zne with intenfe and deadly serious
ness, his voice charged with convic
tion, 'if Eiyan'g elected there will be
euch a panic in this country as the
•world has never seen. and. with hi*
mean ideas and the radicals -he will
call to Washington to administer the
nation's affairs, business will surely
be destroyed and the working people
will suffer untoid misery. You know
Tve all hate to do what 'Uncle Mark'
eays is necessary, but it's a case of
some of us 'sacrificing something for
the country's pood." "
BAY STATE GAS SCAXDALu
Referring to the Bay State Gas Com
pany, Lawson tells of having been in
the Hoffman House, where the di
rectors had gathered in Addicks' suite,
■waiting to hear whether a receiver had
.been appointed. The Addicks end had
told them nothing, and Addicks.
he says, was calm and collected. At
the invitation of Addicks, Lawson
says, he passed into another room, and
"what occurred there he describes as
follows: •
"He passed ahead of me through the
email r>arlor into his bedroom. I fol
lowed. He went straight to the bu
reau, took something: from a drawer,
slipped . it Into his pocket, turned and
dropped upon the lounge. But a frac
tion of a minute had elapsed since he
had left the telephone and I, being be
hind, had not seen his face. He looked
at me. Could this gray ghost be the
same man who had *ust before been
emiling so contentedly at Parker
Chandler's last story? His face . was
the coior of a mftldy lead pipe and
seared with strange lines and seams.
The eyes that met mine were dim and
glazed, lusterless end dead as a fish's
eyes dragged from watery depths.
" 'Lawson, the game's up,* he said in
a trembling voice. "That was Fred at
the shone. (Fred Keller was his per
sonal Eecretary.) He pays White Bray
man has had himself appointed re
ceiver of the Bay State; that he raided
the WHmington. office immediately!
after ht, was appointed, broke open the
desks and took all the papers he could
SSn L n . an h i >ur or KO he wl » °e In
Philadelphia and in possession of all I
ray books and papers. He has a- court
order for the bank accounts and a
right to- take charge of our funds'" •
COIN IT>R COURT OFFICIAL
After telling: how $150,000 was paid
tt a court official during the troubles
4Ly& y EtatC C0rnpany - Larson
, "2Ccr should the public conclude that
the dishonor and dishonesty revealed
ln connection with Bay State Gas is
exceptional. On the contrary, such
doings are the rule In the affairs of
great financial, corporations. Into the
rigging and launching of almost every
big coronation in the United States
during the last twenty years, double
dealing, sharp practice and Jobbery
have entered; and, what Is more, the
men Interested have participated In
and profited thereby. To correct a
Continued on Paje 2, Column 4.
The San Francisco Call.
MERCHANTS
WAGE WAR
ON RAILROAD
Santa Rosa Dealers
a Big ;
Corporation.
SANTA ROSA, E>ec. 20.— Local agita
tion over the grade crossing asked for
by the Petaluma and Santa Rosa Elec
tric Railway Company across- the
tracks of the California North
western Railroad on lower-. Third
street reached the acute stage to
day when Pesident A. W.. Foster
of the latter company, replied
to a recent communication addressed
to him by a committee of locai mer
chants upon the subject: The meri
chants threatened to divert freight
shipments to the electric road after to
day unless the crossing asked for was
granted.
Foster's reply was courteous but firm,
the railroad company renewing the con
tention that to allow the electric line
to cross company's freight yards at the
point named would be too dangerous.
The letter also contained an offer to
donate half the cost cf an overhead or
underground crossing to charity.
Sentiment here to-night is somewhat
divided, although several merchants an.
nounce their determination to ship only
by. electric line. The new road I3 now
completed and running from Scbastopoi
to the ?art of town where crossing is
desired, and also from Sebastopol to
Petaluma, and is doing a good business.
The merchants are operating free
buses from 'the end of the line to the
business r>art of town.
RUSSIA'S , CZAR DECIDES
AGAINST A CONSTITUTION
However, He- Will Soon Announce, a
Definite Programme' of Im
- .' : . I>erial It of onus.
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 20.— The
delay In the issuance of -the imperial
manifesto outlining reforms has* led
to the wildest rumors, according to
which Emperor Nicholas has turned
his back on the idea of making any
concessions, the immediate downfall
of Interior Minister Sviatopolk Mir
sky is imminent and the nomination
of Lieutenant General .Kleigels, Gov
ernor General of Kieff, as his succes
sor, may be looked for."
These ; reports are entirely without
foundation. 'It is beyond question
that the measures shortly to be an
nounced will.be entirely unsatisfac
tory to the extremists and to any lib
erals who will be content with noth
ing less than a complete revolution of
the Government The proposition for
a constitution. and the convocation of
a national assembly the Emperor, af
ter careful consultation with his Min
isters and other advisers,- has rejected
as impracticable and impossible un
der the existing conditions, but what is
termed a definite programme of ra
tional measures of reform in the di
rection of liberality h.as been decided
upon and shortly, will b*. announced.
3IO^ T E3IENT FOR MUNICIPAL
OWNERSinP IN NEAV YORK
Committee of Citizens' Union Wants
the City to Have Its Own
LlshtinK: Plant. , -
NEW YORK,- Dec.^-20. — The'' city"
committee. of the i Citizens'.' Union has
adopted resolutions, favoring * the ex
tension of rtnunlcipal* control of public
utilities, a municipal , lighting plants
the purchase of electrical conduits and
the grant of power, by. the -Legislature
to the city to build and operate light
ing plants, gas and electric- -
SAN FRANCISCO. WEL^ESflAY; DECEMBER; 21; 1904.
TViOiMEN WHO ARE. THE MAIN OBTHCTS OF ATTACK IN* THOMAS W.'LAAV.
• -SON'S LATEST "FRENZIED FINANCE* . ARTICLE. ,AND WHO HAVE
- SWORN VENGEANCE UPON THE BOSTONIAN. , ,"/
YOUNG GIRL
IS BURNED
TO DEATH
Stands Close to Grate
' and Her Clothes n
ilcSiiliil
Special Dirpatch to .The 'Call.
UKIAH, Dec. 20.— Icie Cox, a pretty
young school girl, was. burned' to death
at the residence of her sister near Gua
lala a few days ago. The young lady
had attended a, party^ at. the' Galloway
school house, arid after her return home
was standing, in Wont of "a
with her back toward the blaze. The
draught drew her skirts Into the'flarnes
and In a minute her clothes were
ablaze. •'.*. . • '. _■ • • ;; - - ; _-;
She rushed from the house caling for
help and her sister rushed to her aid;
and "tried to extinguish the flames by
throwing water over her. "Before the
fire was put , out, however, the' young
lady was so badly burned thafshe died
in a few hours. - . v ;i-?i
MRS. McKAY'S HORSE FALLS ,
'AND SHE IS BADLY HURT
Leader of American Smart Set In Enar
; land Suffers From. Concussion '.
. ' :Vof the Brain. \ / • •
,-i : ; NEW YORK, Dec. 2O.~-The Amer
ican . to-morfow will print j a ".'■ London
dispatch" under date of December ,20;
saying: '"> ■ v c , '■ r ■■ '■'.;■ '■'- '•
"Mrs. Frank J.-. McKay, formerly of
Chicago I and; now a leader' of the
American smart set in England, was
seriously injured to-day while fox
hunting wivh the fashionable Quorn
hounds. Mrs.' McKay's horse fell
backward in taking a fence and she
was thrown heavily, sustaining con
cussion of . the brain. . In an uncon
scious condition Mrs. McKay was
taken; to Kirby Hall, which she has
leased for the hunting season." -
"Mr., McKay made millions in the
lumber business and .with these at
their command the McKays moved ■ to
London in 1903. They have taken the
Duchess of Somerset's splendid house
on- Grosvenor Square."
Threats Asainst Bankers.
O'NEILL, NebrJ, Dec. 20.— Sheriff
Hall has gone to Phoenix,' Ariz.; to get
President McGreery of the, failed Elk^
horn Bank, , who ■ is under ar^
rest there." The! bank's cashier,' Pat
rick Hagerty,' is still * missing. .V Threats
have been made , against the : Elkhorn
Valley bankers, : but the Sheriff * has
made . preparations; to protect;: his
prisoner. > : - " ■ ■• .: '
CARELESS
BOY KILLS
HIS SISTER
GirMfecklsPierced
by Bullet Ffoni
iiiiiisiSi
Special Dlrpatch to' The CalL
ivSAN BERNARDINO, 'Dec. ; 20— Miss
Irene Lamar, a great favorite in social
circles, was accidentally shot "and killed
by her 18-year r 'c-id "brother,' Charles La r
mar, at The Needles .to-day.; The young
man was, cleaning his 'Winchester rifle
when I the -weapon F was discharged, _the
•.bullet- penetrating a\ door and ; screen
and entering the j next room, where it
embedded ; itself J ln the i girl's ■ neck, h ■
', As soon' as the young man saw that
•he." hadi wounded .his sister he ran- to
summon surgical assistance/ but before
the 5 ' physicians ■_•» could arrive the
girMiad expired, the bullet having sev
ered :bo f .S the spinal cOrd and the jug
ular vein. ; \
; Miss Lamar, when she received her
death .wound, was sitting alone, doing
some . needlework. . • v - : .
>i,The • unfortunate'' girf was the only
daughter of, the "senior member of the
firra.of Lamar; Bros.; and was. to have
graduated i.this. year from ? the High
fichool at The '■> Needles.-: The Coroner's
Jury; gavel a - verdict of death; by acci
dental'shooting. ; .*. f.
FIREMEN-' DESERT FUNER \L '
; .TQFIGHTTIIETLAMES
Cart In Which They Were Tnkiric
- Dead. Comrade to Grave ; Stniclc ' '"
by Hose Truck. :\-* rf , 1
LA'CROSSE, Wis:,; Dec. 20.— During !
the funeral bfThomasPlodf,' a vete'ran '
iireman, this afternoon an alarm of i
fire iwas - sounded,- and the- apparatus i
dashing, down State .; street . collided
With the funeral cart. ; The procession ■
was just' passing- the -central'' station '
where, the -muffled, bell- was • tolling* 1
when there was a clatter and a three- !
horse" team swung, the big aerial truck
into the street, pushing the hosecart
hearse, bearing the body of the dead
fireman, .aside. -As the apparatus
whirled by the pallbearers, all fire
men.v who fwere; walking • beside the
f u neral ; * cart; : . swung 5 : on ! *' the • ' truck
and were carried off to the fire "
... .The t fire,: horse» v '. -hitched -".'to the
hearse, -■ hearing * the : alarm,- "plunged
madly. In ; their,, effort I to r follow their
mates, \ butt.were checked they
had run far." v ' .'.-"■-- ;;■•■'' •• -_-.- -,<
To; AVcd ~vi . St. Louis* aian.
. ;; ST.vLOUIS,iDec; 5 .20.^A; marflage'Al
cerise' was *issuea 'to-day • to^Mlss; Clara
VonderfbrdVof; San .'Francisco : and ' J.
y»*.-;Co"rshmanf of St5Louis. •' ,' r .'• ' .,
BIG FLEET
IS MOVING
TO ATTACK
Japan Is Sending- All
Her Available
Warships.
Report That Baltic Squadron
Will Be Intercepted Is
Reiterated.
Two British Blockade-Runners Are
Captured With Russian Officers
. , Aboard. :
LONODN, Dec. 21.— The Daily Mail's
correspondent at Hongkong, says he
has. learned "on trustworthy authority
that a .powerful Japanese squadron of
battleships and armored cruisers is
proceeding southward, accompanied by
fifteen, ' colliers and' transports, to at
>tackthe Russian Baltic squadron.
According ' to the Shanghai corre-;
spohdent of the Daily Telegraph it is
rumored that a Japanese squadron of
warships and transports is going south
to meet the Russian squadron.
TOKIO, Dec. 20. — The Japanese pro
tected cruiser Tsushima seized the
British steamship Nigretia, bound for
Vladivostok, off Ulsan, Korea, yester
day. An examination of the Nigretia's
cargo showed that she had a large
quantity of contraband of war on
board. She was sent to Sasebo for trial
before the prize court.
.It" is reported that, the Nigretia had
on -board officers and men of the Rus
sian torpedo-boat destroyers who had
escaped ffonNUiternement at Shanghai
and attempting . to regain the
Russian lines.
The Kigrretia belongs to Allan & Co.
of Leith.' Scotland. . .
The Krltish steamship King - Arthur
a,lso was. while .attempting to
Jea.ve-Ct.ort;, Arthur, .yesterday.; by the
Japanese jjuardship Asagiri. -It\is,un
.dki -8.tb0dkthB.tL' the, Arthur., tc-ok
supplies iTo :"Port Af tnur.;*-;Sherrhadf on
board 'Russian naval. officers who were
attempting to* join the. Russian second
Pacific . squadron. : .1 he King 1 Arthur
.was taken to Sasebo for trial. • •> .
, The King; Arthur is: owned by the
Bombay and Persian Steam Navigation
Company , of , Bombay. " She traded be
tween India and China, Japan, etc. .
- SHANGHAI. Dec. 20.— There appears
to be ; no <ioubt that the commander of
the Russian torpedo- coat destroyer
iGrozovoi, who has been interned here
gincerhis vessel arrived after the battle
between the Russian . and Japanese
fleets vfi Port Arthur on August 10,
took passage in .the steamship Nigre
tia, 'bound '.'for- Vladivostok.'-' The com
mander' carried valuable charts and
documents.' '.":>'.
' NAGASAKI. Dec. 21, 10 a. m. — The
British steamship Nigretia. which was
seized by the Japanese cruiser j Tsu
shima off Ulsan "yesterday, has arrived
at .Sasebo for trial before the prize
court. The Nigretia was proceeding
to" Vladivostok • with a cargo of kero
scne.V It is said that the crew of the
Nigretia refused to leave Shanghai, but
whs compelled by the British Consul,
who held that her cargo was not con
traband, : owing to the fact that the
port of Vladivostok is not being block
edeA by the Japanese.
" ■ » ' •■ •
DAVIS AX ABSENTEE.
■Loubct Welcomes the Other Members
f - of the North -Sea Commission.-
PARIS. Dec. 1 20.— President Loubet
to-day received nt the Elysee Palace
the,;, members of the international
commission which is to inquire into
the North Sea. incident, but the non
■ar,rival: of Rear Admiral Charles H.
Davis ■ prevented American participa
tion.. ■, A guard of colonial infantry
.drawn • up in the court of the. palace
.saluted. < the . admirals. . Loubet re
ceived the commission in the audience
chamber, surrounded by naval and
civil oflicials. ■. The. British and .Rus
sian': admirals exchanged pleasant sal
utations. After Loubet had welcomed
,theV commission there was .a. brief
meeting of the Council of Ministers. |
- ANT WERP. ' Dec. 20. — Rear Ad
miral Charles. H. Davls^representatlve"
of the (American Government, on the
international commission to- inquire
into the -North Sea incident, landed
here to-day from "the steamship Fin
land "on' his way to Paris. /' *
SUFFERING S FROM i COLD.
Japanese, Feel. Effects of the ? Severe
... , , "'Weather. >
\ MUKDEN, Dec. ,20.— Deserters from
the Japanese army are 'arriving here
daily. They, report there is much suf
fering ' from but more "'from
cold; among: the Japanese troops.
- I MJiny^ Chinese bandits , in the : ser
vioei'of* the. Japanese are Agoing .'. to
Mongolia, which fact is regarded as
indicating that they are not being
paid."; -.;:/» . V \-V. -■- :..' ."■- "'■-. '"'• -
-"The "Japanese are changing the ar
rangement; of ' their .brigades, .regi
ments 'and divisions,'" which makes it
more .difficult to .utilize- information
brought T6*"theTRussian ' headquarters
by -prisoners -and deserters, but the
strength" of , the ; .Japanese • -remains
about jtho same." ;
5; J There ; was, only- occasional cannon
ading, on front to-day. ■
RESER\TES CALLED OUT.
Cxar. to Send Two Hundred Thousand
>*>=•;/ -3Iore3Ien* to Front. "
s ST. V ; PETERSBURG,, Dec. 2 O.-^The
mobilbBation' of »' the' reserves; has been
called' for^ in- seven .^military districts:
This* 1 is ". the * third i and most extensive
mobilization"* of , ; the wvar Jahd .will ;add
about,-200,000/.raen' ito ;« the :army"~ in
theJTar^East.'^ It isj thought <the whole
Continued on . Page : 2, Column '■ 1.
THB THEATERS.
"Peaceral V*U«y. M
ALHAMBRA— Paderewski.
CALIFORNIA— "Sl» Hopkins."
COLUMBIA — "The Billionaire."
CENTRAL— "Two LltUa VTaltm."
CHUTES— Vaud«vlU«. Matlhe« to-day.
FISCHER'S — Vaudeville. Matinee to
day.
GRAND— "In Dahomey."
MAJESTIC— "Jim Bludso."
ORPHEUM— Vand«rlIU. Mattne* to
day.
TIVOLI— "Kins Dodo."
DRIVEN MAD
BY PRISON
CRUELTIES
Terrible Treatment
lor Victim ro '
Venezuela. ■;■
Incurs Castro's.; Wrath and
Is Condemned. With
out a Trial.
Letter of Appeal for Aid Written by
the Sorrowing Mother to Fres
. . ident foozevelt
Special Cabla to The Call and New York
Herald. Copyright. 1OOI. by the New York
■ Herald l*ublishmg Company.
MARACAIBO, Venezuela. Dec. 20.—
A grave condition of affairs exists in
Venezuela, due to the administration
of - President .Castro. -His relentless
course in politics is illustrated in an in
stance which has by thjs time been
presented to President Roosevelt
through a letter of appeal written by
the mother of a political prisoner, in a
dungeon of Fort San Carlos at Mara
caibo. The letter reads in part:
"I come as a last resort to implore
your pity. I am a widowed mother,
to whom there remains but one son, the
others having perished on' the battle
fields of my unhappy country- The sur
vivor Is a political prisoner since more
than two years ago without the shadow
of right or cause, by some whim of a
tyrant. .
"I have begged President Castro to
receive and hear me that I might en
deavor to' convince - T him that my
wretched son was not guilty. I hum
bled mvself and he has not deigned to
answer my prayers, but he has 'had me
thrast forth by his lackeys. The little
that., remained . to: me, ." I sold that I
mighty again ■-_ find my son. and" after
many endeavor, after, months of pri
.Yatlpa and fatigue. J.. discovered, thanks
To" tfie : kind heart • of; a : Jailer;* that- my
son 'was- chained like'a criminal In one
of x the. casements of Fort San Carlos
at Maracaibb". (to* which* he had been
condemned .without" trial): that- he is
not. allowed to y wrlte' to me: that be
v/as suffering from fever, or from hun
geT when u the fever' ' left | him. More
than 1SC0 J unfortunates, belonging to
all classes of Venezuelan society, share
his fate because they have tried to cast
off the yoke of the oppressor.
"Now. having g neither Justice nor
mercy to expect from the : dictator,
Castro, who has for these five years
terrorized Venezuela, in the °- name^ of
the mothers, wives, daughters and sis
ters of his victims, I ask if that which
you have done in behalf of the Arme
nians and Macedonians so far away,
you cannot also do for the unfortunates
at rour very, doors." -.. ■ ...
The Call-Herald correspondent corro
borates the mother's statements and
adds harrowing features of which the
mother . is fortunately ignorant The
cruel treatment received by the pris
oner at times made him ; a raving
maniac.
PLATT OUT
FOR SCALP
OF ODELL
Senator's War Talk
Means Fight to
Finisli.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Dec. 20. — It was an
nounced to-night that Senator Platt
has received seventy-five acceptances
to his invitation to State leaders to at
tend a conference to-morrow, (with
the object ► of » advancing Senator De
pew's chances for re-election. About
100 'invitations were sent out to-day,
it is said. In an interview to-night
Platt said:
.--"There .will be a eoodly. company of
militant Republicans on hand.to-mor
row. .. The situation can no longer be
obscured or the issue befogged. It is
now a fight to a finish. No' one can
stay in the bushes. Every one must
line up. '
. "Those who are for honest dealing,
fairness and truth .will line ui> with
us; those who favor the tactics and
policies of Governor. Odell will proba
bly line up with him. There can be
no middle ground. Win or lose, this
fight will go "on until honesty Is tri
umphant or I am: under the sod."
America Asks for a Rehearing.
; ST. PETERSBURG. Dec. 20^— The
Washington State Department has di
rected the American embassy to peti
tion-the: Admiralty Court, for a re
hearing of -the AAerican claims in the
case - of. ' the,' Portland-Asiatic line
steamship "Arabia" on the ground that
the - time afforded owing to the delays
incident to communication was insuf
ficient for the perfection of an appeal
before the case came up. .The Arabia
was captured" by the Russian Vladi
vostok squadron on July"22.- ■- .
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
ENACTS CAB
TRAGEDY IN
PANTOMIME
"Man" Patterson Is
a Dramatic
Witness,
Emerges Triumphant From
a Merciless Cross-
Examination.
ProsMution Rests Its Case and tho
Young Woman's Fate Will
Soon Be Known.
NEW YORK. Dec. 20.— After a day of
torment, facing the merciless cross-ex
amination of Prosecutor Rand, "Nan"
Patterson, the former show girl, went
to her cell in the Tombs to-nlgh* tired,
but happy. For several hours she sat
under the galling cross-fire of the As
sistant District Attorney, who probed
the events of her life from the day she
met Caesar Young, for the killing of
whom she is being tried, till the mo
ment of his tragic death*. No detail
was so trivial as to escape the attention
of the State's attorney, but with
scarcely an exception the accused act
ress proved a marvel of setf-control.
Only once did Rand confuse ner
greatly. In going over the conversa
tion between her and Young at the
Gravesend track Miss Patterson testi
fied that Young gave as a reason for
sailing to Europe the fact that he was
afraid Mrs. Young might harm him or
the prisoner. Miss Patterson finally
admitted .that she recalled only an In
cident which had occurred in San Fran
cisco. - - -.•:■"--, .:.
GIVES FRANK ANSWERS.
At times she parried the sharp que»
tiens of her inquisitor, but" when he
pinned her down to indefinite question
lief "Answer, Jnrais frankness Itself. Miss
Patterson talked in a low, clear voice,
punctuating her evidence, here and
there with expressions of much, spirit.
In the course of -'one of her answers
she exclaimed In a voice ringing with
sincerity:
"1 have always tried to be truthful
and honorable."
Miss Patterson was led over the same
gound -to-day as yesterday, in a man
ner manifestly different, for to-day she
was under the rapid fire questioning: of
the man» who handled the case against
her,' and legal pitfalls were to be ex
pected.
There were few striking ad
missions made by the witness.
despite the very searching ques
tions asked. Noticeable among
these, However, was. the story of the
money given by the bookmaker to Miss
Patterson during their acquaintance. At
one time the sum was {2300, at another
(2500 and at another $1800 or $1500. She
did not know the total amount and
could not state whether it would total
$50,000, but acknowledged that Young
was a very generous man and gave her
money whenever she asked for it.
Miss Patterson said that Young was
fearful that Mrs. Young would kill him
and possibly the actress also, and for
that reason wished her to flee to Eu
rope with him: Later she modified this
under the battery of the prosecutor. .'
DEATH SCENE RE-ENACTED. ,
The dramatic climax of to-day's
court scene came with the pantomime
enacted /by Miss Patterson and a Dis
trict Attorney's messenger, showing
the death; scene in the cab. Seated side
by side on a platform facing the court
and the J"iiry, the messenger under the
tutelage^ of tho former showgirl, they
swayed back and forth as the prisoner
said she and Young had done Just be
fore th,e shooting. With the calm re
serve of one accustomed to play to
thousands. Miss Patterson, without a
tremor, went over the scene and by
her interpretation tried to make It clear
that Young had taken his own life.
Throughout the two hours and forty
minutes that Miss Patterson faced
cross examination to-day few shadows
of emotion crossed her pale face. She
had evidently nerved herself for ths
ordeal, but when. it. was over, a re
action came and she trembled violent
ly. Arising from the chair, she bowed
to the 'Judge and the Earl of Suffolk.
who sat beside him, and to the Jurors.
Then she ran down to her aged father
and buried her face on his shoulder. Ha
kissed her affectionately and said
softly:
"You did splendidly, little girl."
This scene closed the evidence for tho
defense. . • «
RAND BEGINS THE ATTACK.
Assistant District Attorney Rand be
gan the cross-examination of Miss Pat
terson as follows:
Are you an aetresa by occupation?
I • am.
Ax« you a wife?
Yes.
Are you a mother?
I ana not
Then the story of her meeting" with
Caesar Young in July, 1903, while on a
train bound for California with a the
atrical .company was retold.
Do you remember going from San Francisco
with Youes last year to Los Angeles?
That was commented en. in the papers, was
It not?
Mr. Levy— 1 object
Did Mr. Toudk stve you money when you
came back East?
How much did he give you?
I think 12SOO. ■ ■.
Just for two weeks?
He cave you $CSOO to come East for two
weeks?
Yes.
By a long series of questions Hand
led up to the time when she came to
New York last May. Her sister called
at her. hotel the first evening and said
that her husband, J. Morgan : Smith,
Continued on Pace 2. Column 5.2
DR. KIIjMER'S SWAMP-RQOTj _^_^^^^-
Thonsanfls of¥omen Have Kiflney
TrouMe anfl Neyer Suspect It,
, ...... n~Tl WOMEN suffer untold misery be-
1 Didn't KllCW I Had KldnBy TrOllble cause the nature pf their disease is
1 — l not always understood; in many
cases when doctoring, they -are led
I had tri^d to many remedies without benefit to believe that womb trouble or fc- j
that i was *bcut discourages but in a few male weakness of some sort is re-
im. aner »kin* your wonderful Swamp-noot sponsiblc for their ills, when in fact
r b** £ n to fe.. better. SThdr d iSn 1 Te^-
I w«, cut of health .ad run down »ener.Ur: {Jj^"^ Tufcr^flmOSt 1 continually
■ with pain in the back, bearing-down
/^f?*™- ".■< feelings, headache and utter exhaus- i
■fi** '^fflMftL . ry,.' Your poor health makes you tier- i
//' *" jftlfflK^L * J '*^N vous, irritable, and at times de^pon-
//? ' >!^ deni: but thousands of just such
I I iSSttill^' '^^^IdElgiiteti. '"' \\ c ufTerinK or broken-down women are
(y^w jKB^"::":-::.:7^^SH|^ x\\ being restored to health and strength
/• viCT^^jeavISwak \\ every day by the use of that wonder-
/ If^l .^W »»£^W ful discovery. Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-
■ ' ** -• 4l5=-*'"^ fiBrWu Root - the grcat kidney » livcr and
Wfcy Swamp-Root Gives Strength
i^Jfrfrpta^a^*- y^^ : :jfii : $ylp^m ■' Xol only does Swamp-Root bring
(i^)!t *^&Mi ncw lirc and activity to thc kidney:,
X&$*WX&^ ; <r0^&l thc causc " f the tronble - but b - v
\\>^^1^^^-jV^£^^^^^// strengthening the kidneys it acts as a
X^zjr^-ii^'.&^^f'i^-' // general tonic and food for the entire
v^. :^>^^i&^ // constitution.
y/ T" c mild and extraordinary effect
>N/ »^~^3?£" of the world-famous kidney and blad-
«^ \^^f j* der remedy. Swamp-Root, is soon
V&V MAS. A IWAtK*R Iff? realized. It stands the highest for in
\X\\ MH^.A.L.WALK^R. \tfj wonderfu , curcs of the most distress-
ing cases. A trial will convince any
hid no arp»t!t<«. v.at diiry and suffered with nne — an( J y OU nia y nav e a Sample bot-
b*a<Jaihe rr.ctx of the time. I did not realize tie sent free by mail.
that mj kidneys were the cause of my trcublf. In ta4cillg Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-
but romriiow frit they might be, and i began Root you afford natural help to Na-
Ukinjr Puair.p-noot. as above mated. There Is t«re. for Swamp-Root IS the most
•wen a r'Misar.t ta«e to Swamp-Root, and it perfect healer and gentle- aid to the
roe« r;*.h: to the »pot and certainly drives di»- kidneys that has ever been discov-
*»* out cr the ryuem. it has cured me, and ercd. Don't make any mistake, but
i cheerfully recommend it to all sufferers. remember the name,. Swamp-Root,
Gratefully yours. Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and the
mrs. a. u walker. address, Binghatnton, N. Y., on every
21 MeDaniel St.. Atlanta. Ga. bottle.
To Prcve What Swamp-Root, the Great Kidney, Liver and Bladder
Remedy Will do for YOU, Every Reader of the "Call" May Have a
Sample Bottle FREE By Mai 1 .
EDXTOBXAX 2TOTXCE — No matter how many doctors you have tried — no mat-
ter how much money you may have spent on other medicines, you really owe it to
yourself, and to your family, to at least give Swamp-Root a trial. Its strongest
friends to-day are those who had almost given up hope of ever becoming well
ajjain. So successful is Swamp-Root In promptly curing even the most distress-
ing eases, that to prove its wonderful merits you may have a sample bottle and
a book of valuable information, both sent absorutely free by mail. The book con-
tains-n:any of the thousands upon thousands' of testimonial letters received from
men and women <-ured. The value and success of Swamp-Root is so well known
that our readers are advised to send for a sample bottle.
in writing to Dr. Kilmer & Co.. BInghamton. X. Y.. be sure to say that you
read this generous offer in The San Francisco Daily Call. The proprietors of this
paper guarantee the genuineness of this offer. If you are already convinced that"
Swamp-ttoot is what you need, you can purchase the regular fifty-cent and one-
dollar size bottles at all drug stores everywhere.
BIS FLEET IS MOVING TO ATTACK
Continued FYom Page 1, Column 5.
force can be placed in the field by
Fprins: when the problem of food and
fuel will be easier to meet apd the
transportation of the troops .ivill cre
ate less strain upon the Trans-Sibe
rian Railway. It -will bring General
Kuropatkin's effective force, roughly
estimated, to 6S0.O0O.
XOGIS DEATH ROLL.
Twenty-Six Japanese Officers Killed
at Port Arthur.
TOKIO. Dec. 20. — Advices from
Port Arthur say that observations
taken to-day showed that the Russian
battleship Sevastopol was listing 10
decrees. This is probably the result of
the last attacks made by the Japanese
torpedo-boats. 'v'. :
The army headquarters to-day pub
lished a list of twenty-six - officers
HHed and forty-four wounded, pre
sumably in the recent attacks on Port
Arthur.
Cadets to See Fiehting,
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 20. — An
Imperial decree has been issued order-
Ing several detachments and cadets of
the military schools in the districts
of Vilna. Warsaw, Keiff, Kazan, St.
Petersburg, Moscow and Odessa to be
mobilized as reinforcements for the
Far East.
• ■ .> .
Brit Mi Claims Against , Russia.
LONDON, Dec. 20. — The Board of
Trade Inquiry into the North Sea in
cident closed to-day. It is said that
the claims against the Russian Gov
ernment aggregate about $600,000.
Headaches From Colds.
LAXATIVE BROMO QUININE retnovct the
c«.uae. To grt ih* gpnutri*, call for full name
•.ni look tor Flcnaturr of E. W: Grove. 25c •
STAGE UEPirODICTION
OF KISHEXEV MASSACRE
Bussian Dramatist's Play to Be Given
in the . Cities of the
United State*.
BERLIN. Dec. 20. — Chicago and
JCetr York will soon witness a theatri
cal reproduction of the Kishenev
massacre at the hands of native Rus
eian Bcmrf and actresses, composing
the Ortenpv company of St. Peters
burg, which has just finished a highly
successful engagement in this city
The massacre occurs in the last act
of "The JewB," written by the Rus-
Bian dramatist. Tschirikev.
The play portrays with terrible real-
Jsm the plight of the Jewish proletariat
in Russia and how it seeks to free It
self, either through Zionism or So
cialism. Critics say that both the
drama and the- actors are among the
most remarkable ever seen on the
Gt-rman stage.
REDUCTION SAllE
WALL PAPER.
To dose out a laree number of short lots before stock-taking,
we shall offer special inducements for the next two weeks at our
Mission-street store. This sale will be especially attractive to those
who desire medium and high grade papers at a very low price less
than half the, regular rates. The assortment is large, embracing over,
fifty thousand rolls, among which are ordinary white, blanks, gilts,
tapestries, fancy stripes and two-tone effects of all colors.
It will pay to purchase now for future requirements.. It is well
to bear in mind that those who call first will find the best assort-
L. TOZER ®> SON CO.
? 62 MI SSI ON STREE T
FREE * FREE
PLUM PUDDINGS
' Or
MINCE MEAT.
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
i7 H^^^ARMOUR : ■"i-tf*
PACKING COMPANY'S (
FAMOUS BRANDS. :
Free Wiih Every Small Ad'in
: j Sunday Call.
See Small Ad Page for Further
Particulars. ■ . .- ,
PENNSYLVANIA RAILROAD
AND GOULD BURY HATCHET
Lone: Standing Differences Between
Their Lines Said to Have Been
. Settled.
NEW YORK, Dec. 20. — A semi-of
ficial announcement was made to-day,
that the long standing differences be
tween the Pennsylvania Railroad and
the Gould interests have been settled.
George J. Gould, it Is asserted, has
practically agreed to turn over his in
te'rest In the Western Maryland and
the West Virginia Central lines to the
Baltimore and Ohio or to some other
corporation controlled by the Penn
sylvania Railroad interests.' . '
The report that Gould furthermore
has agreed^ to 'discontinue his railroad
operations east of Pittsburg lacks con
firmation. George J. Gould made a
Written' promise to the Mayor of .Bal
timore at the time the Western: Mary
land negotiations .were closed that he
would extend his Wabash line to Bal
timore.
ASSIGNEE SALE.
Baron's Stock.
The creditors of Baron's. 762 Market
street, will sell to-day 1000 Fur Stoles,
Capes and Collarettes at half the original
cost: will also sell Ladies' Tailored Suits,
Imported Coats and Jackets. Skirts. Silk
and Woolen Waists. Children's Coats, etc.
This entire stock must be sold within th*»
next J5 days. E. J. HANSON, Assignee,
762 Market street. •
RATES MOVES TO PUT END v •
TO FALL RIVER STRIKE
Governor Holds a Conference With
IJorden, President of the
.Manufacturer*:.
BOSTON,, Dec. 20.-rGovernor John L.
Bates has moved toward the settle
ment of the strike in Fall River, hav
ing tendered" his good offices and urged
a termination of the conflict. Presi
dent N. B. Borden of the Fall River
Manufacturers' Association has been
in Boston recently and has conferred
with the Governor.
-^ .. v ,v
ST.U-ETEKEBURG. Dec. 20.— M. Sevastlan
off has rucceeded M. Durnovoff as superintend
ent of poets and telegraphs.
THE SAN FRANCISCO. CALL;/. WEDNESDAY, -DECEMBER 21, ' 1904
MORMONS NOT
HELD TO LAWS
Witness Says That County
Attorney Refuses 'to Prose
cute Offenders in Utah
IKECESS IX THE CASE
Members of the Church Who
Are Wanted to Give Tes
timony Have Disappeared
WASHINGTON, Dec. 20.— In the
Reed Smoot hearing the attorneys for
the protestants have concluded the ex
amination of all persons who could be
reached by the subpenas issued by the
Senate Committee. Attorney Tayler
announced that he was ready to rest
his case except for the introduction of
documentary evidence and the exam
ination later of some persons whom it
has been impossible to bring before the
court. The case of the respondent will
be opened January 10, to which date the
hearing has been adjourned.
Just before the adjournment of the
committee the opposing lawyers en
gaged in a controversy over the admis
sibility of certain evidence regarding
the doctrines of the Mormon faith. No
agreement could be reached, and after
heated arguments Tayler recalled
Apostle Penrose to identify certain ref
erence books. In a number of instances
Mr. Penrose denied that the works had
been accepted by the church as'author
itative publications and said that many
of the matters contained in the docu
ments were subject to dispute. Chair
man Burrows ruled that the utterances
of leaders of the church may be offered
as tending to prove doctrines of the
church organization.
APOSTLE WITH XI XE WIVES.
The principal witness on the stand to
day was Charles Owen, who has been
employed in gathering evidence to be
used against the Mormon church in the
Smoot inquiry. He testified in regard
to the charges against prominent
church officials and as to the attitude
of courts and prosecuting attorneys in
such cases. He declared that such
prosecutions are unavailing, as when
convictions were obtained small fines
were imposed and in most cases these
were paid by popular subscription.
Owen testified that he had made the
closest investigation possible about po
lygamy in Utah, and never accepted
any one man's word about polygamous
marriages. He said Apostle Taylor is
reputed to have taken two wives within
two or three years, and that Apostle
Cowley has taken a new wife within
three years. Taylor now has five wives,
said the witness.
"Where- are Apostles Cowley and
TayJc-r?" asked Mr. Burrows.
"I 'understand they are in hiding in
Canada," said the witness. * Continuing
he said "Apostle Merrill had nine wives,
two taken since the manifesto. Con-
Bultjng the "Church Encyclopedia," the
witness said Apostle Merrill has for
ty-five children and 127 grandchildren.
, SUJ>pKNi.9EI'ARTUKE.
brought out a
great xnatty names of persons reputed
to be living in polygamy, together with
. dates of marriages and the number of
"children born of these plural marriages
since the manifesto.
Witness Owen testified to swearing
out an Information for Apostle Heber
J. Grant because of his mentioning his
polygamous relations in an address be
fore a Utah seminary. Owen said
Grant left the country and has not
since returned.
Owen was recalled in the afternoon
and his examination wap resumed con
cerning attempts to bring about prose
cutions on charges of unlawful cohab
itoation. Owen said cases were insti
tuted against the late Lorenzo Snow,
president of the Mormon Church; Jos
eph P\ Smith, now president of the
church, and Brigham H. Roberts, who
was elected a member of Congress, but
was denied his seat on account of his
having plural .wives. •
PHOSECCTIOX REFUSED.
I Many instances of Mormon officials
refusing to recognize information
charging polygamy were reported to
the committee by the witness. The in
formation in the caseagalnst President
Smith 'was sworn during the past
summer and was based on 'admissions
of polygamous cohabitation made to
the Senate Committee since the open
ing of the Smoot investigation. A Gen
tile. County Attorney declined to prose
cute, said thewitness. :, /
The witness said he was approached
when the Lorenzo Snow, case was in
stituted before Judge Bartch, a mem
ber, of the Supreme Court of Utah, and
urged to withdraw 5 the prosecution* on
the gound that it was ill-advised, Presi
dent Snow being a very old man and
one whosA prosecution would arouse a
great disturbance. Owen said he told
Judge Bartch that President Snow then
had in his house an infant born to his
ninth wife and that, being the head of
the church and one of the signers of
the application for amnesty, his vio
lations of the law were particularly of
fensive.
Tayler. representing the protestants,
said he had concluded his case except
to put in documentary evidence. He
asked the right however, to call other
witnesses, who thus far have not been
found, although search has been made
for them.
NINE NUNS RESCUED'
i FROM CONVENT FIRE
Carried Frdtm Burning Builciinc Down
a Ladder by Firemen in
Chicago.
CHICAGO, Dec. 20.— The thrilling
rescue of nine nuns, Sisters of Hotel de
Dleu, marked the progress of a fire
that swept through the convent and
destroyed it to'-day. Two of the nuns
were injured and were carried from
the building, almost overcome by
smoke. The stairs fell before the
sisters could reach them. The women
were rescued by the timely arrival of
the firemen, who carried them down
a ladder from the burning building..
The sisters belong to the order
known as the Sisters of Hotel de'Dieu
of the French Hospitaller Sisters.
They' came from Quebec, Canada, a
ehort time ago.
HALF A MILLION DOLLARS
FOR CHICAGO UNIVERSITY
Rockefeller Gives Two Hundred and
Forty-Five Thousand to the "
Institution. -
CHICAGO, Dec. ,20.— Gifts amounting
to $437,370 were announced by Presi
dent Harper to-night at the; fifty- third
Quarterly convocation', of the Univer
sity of Chicago. John\D. Rockefeller
gave $245,000, for current expenses, and
$60,000 for improvements to "the'-heat
lng; plant. The. next largest sum/was
given ,by Mrs. ;H$ram G. , Kelly of this
city, who gave $140,000 for the erec
tion of a building for classics. ; The re
mainder of the totals donation was in
small amounts. Si!^iiBilt£S§83gi9i !
LAWSON
DIPS INTO
POLITICS
Continued From Page 1, Column 1.
popular fallacy. I want to say. that I
am not referring here simply to moral
derelictions, . but to actual legal crimes.
"If the details of the great reorgani
zation and trustification deals put
through since 1885 could be laid bare,
eight out of 'ten of our most succesful
stock jobbing financiers would be in
a fair way to get into the State -.or
Federal prisons. They do such things
better in England. During the last
ten years three 'frenzied financiers*
have practiced their legerdermain in
London— Ernest Hooley, Barney Bar
hato and Whitaker Wright. The first
is bankrupt and discredited. Barney
Barnato jumped into the ocean at the
height of his career and Whitaker
Wright, after numerous attempts to
escape, was hauled up before an Eng
lish judge and jury, promptly convict
ed and sentenced, and committed sui
cide."
: Telling of the settlement of the Bay
State troubles, Lawson mentions that
when a formal motion to dismiss the
receivership was made there were in
the court room two dress suit cases in
which there was 5175,000 in currency.
The minute the dismissal was entered
in the court records, these two suit
cases were passed to two different men
and they fairly ran from the room to
a railroad yard, where they jumped
aboard a special car and engine.
Formal complaint was lodged to-day
with District Attorney Jerome by coun
sel for Henry M. Wack, alleging on
information and belief that Thomas W.
Lawson made, thirty separate false
statements in newspapers concerning
the Amalgamated Copper Company.
An appointment was made for- 11:30
o'clock to-morrow and, unless present
plans are upset, warrants for Lawson's
arrest will be issued before nightfall.
The positive assertion was made to
night that Standard Oil interests had
no intention of instituting an action for
criminal libel or any other proceeding
against Thomas W. Lawson, his pub
lishers, the Ridgway-Thayer Company,
or the American News Company be
cause of anything that has thus far
been embodied in the "Frenzied Fi
nance" articles, of which Lawson is
the author.
As to the position of H. H. Rogers
and his associates who had anything
to do with Bay State Gas matters, it
it may- be said authoritively that
their side of the transaction will be
told at the proper time and in the
proper place — the United States court
—when the suit brought by the re
ceiver against Rogers and others will
come up for trial in two or three
months. . •
BOSTON. Mass.. Dec. 20— Denis
Donohue, the reputed author of several
articles in the New York Commercial
attacking some of Lawson's mining
properties, hag so stirred Lawson to
anger that to-night he prepared an ad
vertisement defending his properties
and addressing Donohue in yitupejra
tive .terms. This advertisement was
telegraphed to the New York newspa
pers for insertion in the morning. • %
; . Donohue; httviujf: got wind of }he in
te,nded publlcation.-telephoned to Law
son to-night -'that if the. advertisement
were not recalled he would come to
Boston and shoot Lawson to-morrow.
Lawson replied, in effect challenging
Donohue and telling him that if he
should appear in Boston the outcome
would be different from that in the
case of Colonel Greene last week.
NEW STANDARDS
FOR ALL WINES
WASHINGTON, Dec. 20.— The commis-'
sion which has been considering what
standards should be adopted for food
products to-day submitted its report to
Secretary Wilson, who immediately ap
proved it. The report fixes the wine
standard as containing not less .than
8 nor more than 16 per cent of alcohol
by volume and in 100 cubic centimeters
not more than one-tenth gram of.so
dium< chloride nor: over two-tenths of
a gram of potassium sulphate; red wine
not over 14-100 of a gram and white
wine not over 12-100 of a gram of vola
tile acids derived from fermentation
and described as acetite acid.
Dry wine should contain in .100 cubic
centimeters not less than one gram of
sugar and dry red wine not less' than
16-100. gram of grape ash and 16-10
grams erf grape solids; dry white wine
not less than- 13-100 gram of grape ash
and 1 4-10 grams of grape solids.
Brandy is added to these require
ments for fortified dry wines.
Sweet wine should contain in. 100 cubic
centimeters one gram of sugar, sweet
red wine 16-100 of a gram of grape ash
and sweet white wine 13-100 gram of
grape ash. -Wine spirits are added for
f certified sweet wine.
Sparkling wine should 'contain in 100
cubic centimeters, not less than
12-100 . gram of . grape ash.N. Sugar
wine is denned as the product m»de by
the addition of sugar to the; juice of
sound ripe grapes and subsequent al
coholic fermentation, with the usual
cellar treatmerft. Raisin wine is de
scribed as the product made by alco
holic fermentation of an infusion of
dried or evaporated grapes, or of . a
mixture of such an infusion or raisins
with grape juice. -
The standards of vinegar, lard, milk,
flours, corn meal, oat meal, sugar,
honey and other, articles of food also
are fixed.
■ ADVERTISEMENTS.
JM Humors
Are impure matters which the skin,
liver,' kidneys and other organs can
not take care of without help, there is
such an accumulation of them. ' i
They litter the whole system.
Pimples, boils, eczema and other !
eruptions, loss of appetite, that fired
feeling, -bilious turns, fits of indiges-
tion, dull headaches land many other
troubles arc due to them. * .
Hood's Sarsaparilld
and pills
Remove all humors, overcome all
th.cir '.; . effects, '.strengthen, tone .and
invigorate. the. whole System.
;r Testimonials of remarkable cures' mailed on
request. : C. I. HOOD CO., Lowell/ Mass. 1 :--"
liliiiliiiiBipii
SET BHhE PROSECUTION.-.
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
was very ill. Her sister fell/ in a dead
faint. Miss Patterson said... * ■!_>. . .. .,
Smith had been drinking, had he not?
Yes. I think- so. ,'/ . , "
.Was. he addicted- to the use. of liquor? . :
Well, he, had .'been. ,: That day he somehow
got his Jaw twisted ,and \ could not | ope,n his
mouth. That- frightened Julia.' i ■: ■'
Young called on her that night and
they went out - to . dinner Two - days
later shefwentto live with her. sister
and Young continued ; to call upon her,
and they « frequently ' talked, of plans
for' the future. ■ . ' '
Young told you that you w>re only going' to
pretend to. go away? ■■ '■' . ' . . ■ ..
k Yee. -.••.,-* <..-r.v i- -' . ' ' • '
' And you had no intention of going away?
. No. • c- : : ■'■•' " ••' ■'■■■-■. i ' '' ; '--i/ : .
You were only to, pretend- to go,' to as to de
ceive Young's friends? :.'■ ' '"
■ Yes. ■ ;»•,. ■■ ..•.' / '• .'•' - : r/r ■ ..;■'■•'
You knew all this time, that Young was a
married man? '■.'■'■:
yes. ■•■■■■: , ■ . v " ; - ' • . :
YOUNG A DAILY CALLER.
When she went to the Imperial Hotel
to live she registered as Mrs. J. T, Pat
terson,; she ; said, and Young, came to
see her. every morning.
Why did you leave ; the Imperial Hotel?
Because Millin spoke about us to the man
ager. ■ . • ". - . .. ■ > ■ ■ . . ; . .
j You were put -out of the Imperial 7 '•
I do not know if -that was it. . :
How much-did Youngr, give you altogether?
I don't know. ■' - \. ,-
Could you tell If it was about f 15,000? ;
I could not tell.' He always gave me money
when I wanted . it.' •
Did he give' you as - much as $10,000 or
$ 50,000? •• . .
I cannot say how much.
He was a most generous man, wasn't he?
Yes.
Xow, at the racetrack Young told you that
tht-y had trapped him?
Yes.
What dfd he mean by trapped?
That his folks had bought tickets for him
to go away and he could not get out of It.
He once ' had tickets . from San Francisco
to New York and exchanged them?
Yes.
He did not say then- that he was "trapped"
because he bad the tickets? .
No.
But he told you on June .3 that they had
bought the tickets; that he waa trapped, and
would have to go to Europe?
Yeg.
Did he speak of his wife's happiness as .a
reason why he had to go abroad?
Well, he had been very unhappy before.
And Young eeemed glad to go?
He spoke of his wife being happy to go.
Did Young etfer eay hig wife might be a
murderess?
What did he say?
He said he was afraid Mrs. Young would
kill him or kill me.
This was the day before he died?
r Yes- he said she was armed.
Did he say she would slay him — put him
out of the way?
No.
Why did you tell the jury then that the
_J_^ j: | ADViJlKTISEMENTS.
uoys exults \. Ww?
Double-Breasted ]^^^^^^^^
jusi as r icmreu
We have the largest
and finest boys' and . ;
youths outfitting de- PlPiilii
cago. We want every IP 19
mother of boys in San
Francisco to know
this byj seeing it for ■ 3^P>w e —^^s^^^
;^W We also want her to come
/ and see the hundreds of things
i'^^^^^^L * n wear * n S apparel which make
: M^^'^^^^^^^l%^ g°°d Christmas gifts for men
/||t^£§|^^ and bovs
" I L;^y^l'f^MB^Bi-' This is why we offer these double-
"* breasted suits for $2.50. No mother
' r whose boy needs a suit can buy to a
better advantage than at this sale.
\.:.Jl^^^^^^^^F" The ages range from 8 to 15
V! -X7^HkJ|h y ears ' and tliere are six swel1 P at "
v '' --■■^^™i terns to choose from. The pictures
SOS'l^flS show what stylish, jaunty suits they
1^ 'h This is a special price for this week
j^^^^i^0^^ 0 g°i n g to 'buy here or go elsewhere
W ~^ W^*j*2 r I!£* and pay more money ?
KNIVES FREE _ i f ■ . ■ pIT^ _ CANDY FREE
chase of a .boy's *^; 1 / " ' '_" _' mr' children accom-
suit or overcoat -740 Market Street - T panied by adults.
day before he died he said he was afraid
his wife would be a murderess? - .
Well, the reason was that he recalled some
thing: that happened in San Francisco.'
And that is the reason you told the Jury
that Young said he was afraid his wife would
kill him or you?
I did not mean to say that.
As a matter of fact he had no fear his
wife would kill him?
1 do not know whether he did or not.
And he never told -you so?'- > •
No.
FEARED AX OCEAX VOYAGE.
Miss Patterson said that when she
told Young she would follow him to
Europe she had no idea of doing so.
She was afraid of the ocean trip. She
would have gone with Young had he
asked her, but would not go alone.
It seemed best, however, to have
1 otlngr believe that her promise was
made in good faith and beyond telling
him that she did not fancy an ocean
trip -alone she said nothing to the con
trary. They talked the plans all over
again while? sitting in a Harlem restau
rant early in; the morning of June 3.
Young drank great quantities of
whisky while they talked, while she
was very careful not to drink too
much. While sitting in the restaurant
Young gave her $100 — five $20 bills.
Her purse was full of bills, so she put
the money in her stocking.
The witness recalled distinctly hav
ing told Young during the cab drtve
that she abandoned her idea of fol
lowing him to Europe.
j I told him there was no use in talking
about me going to Europe, "Because I am
not going." I said. Then he reached over
and seizing my wrists, drew me toward htm.
I did not want him to see that he had hurt
me and turned my face away. Then came
the report of the shot. - .
It was at this point that the wit
ness was called upon to give in panto
mine, with the aid of a messenger boy,
th«> struggle between Young and her
self in the cab.
MRS. YOUNG RECALIiED.
Mrs. Margaret Young, the book
maker's widow, was then recalled and
after a series of objections had been
overruled was allowed to testify that
it was upon her husband's suggestion
that the tickets for Europe were pur
chased. She was not allowed, how
ever, to tell the Jury how much prop
erty her husband left at his death.
Every question put to Mrs. Young by
Rand met with an objection from
Levy and several brief but heated
arguments betwen counsel resulted.
While the arguments were going on
Mrs. Young glanced around the crowd
ed courtroom. Once her. eyes met
those of "Nan" Patterson and the de
fendant turned her head away.
Mrs. Young said that she and her
husband had been estranged for a
y.ar I
Patterson.
MAY NOT TAKE
WITNESS STAND
Unlikely That 3Irs. Chadwick
Will Be Allowed to Give
Testimony Before Court
CLEVELAND. Dec. 20.— Mrs. Chad
wick was brought into the bankruptcy
court to-day in the proceedings against
her, but was excused from testifying
because of illness. "Whether Mrs.
Chadwick will again be summoned will
depend on counsel for Receiver Na
thaniel Loeser, whose attorneys are ex
pected to take up the subject. Should
Mrs. Chadwick be brought into court,
it is unlikely that she will give any
testimony. If she does it will b«
against th» advice of her attorney, who
refused even to allow her to be sworn
as a witness.
CONNEAUT. O., Dec. 20.— The First
National Bank of Conneaut and the
Marine Bank of Conneaut Harbor did
not open this morning. The suspension
resulted from runs on both concerns
during the past few days. Officials
claim the concerns are entirely solvent
and declare that business will be re
sumed again in a short time. The two
banks are closely affiliated, O. C. Lilley.
the cashier of the First National Bank,
being president of the Marine Bank of
Conneaut Harbor. Cashier Ulley made
the following statement on behalf of
the First National Bank:
Ever ilnce the exposure of the Chadwick
matter our depositors hav» be«a withdrawing
their funds. We do net hold any Chadwick
paper, but there waa a general feeling of un
rest. The money has been taken out gradually,
but on Saturday $60,000 was withdrawn. On
Monday practically all the remaining cash on
band was taken out.
Do You Play Poker?
If you do, buy your chips from us. We
have a complete stock of chips, playins
cards, dice, chessmen, checkers, score
cards and a large variety of tally cards.
Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •
CAPE TOWN, r>ee. 20. — The Russian hospital
■hip Orel has aalled for the Far East.WATCH SAVES
A MAN'S LIFE
Turns Aside Knife, Thrust
• Made by Infuriated Mexi
can at. Railroad Foreman
SLIGHT WOUND RESULTS
Timepiece Carried Over
the Heart of Section 3Ian
Prevents a Fatal Lunge
Erxeia! Disstteh to Th« Call
SAN BERNARDINO, Dec. 20.— Olas
Armstadt, the foreman of a Southern
Pacific section gang at work near Col
ton, ores his l!f« to the fact that he
carried over his . heart a gold watch
that was sufficiently stout to turn aside
the dagger of an infuriated Mexican.
The assault ocurred near the special
car of General Section Foreman Cash,
from which Arir.stadt had thrown the
Mexican.
The Mexican had entered the car
and raised a disturbance and the sec
tion foreman forcibly ejected him, after
which he left the car to make sure that
the disturber v.ould leave the vicinity.
The would-be murderer produced a
knife and rna.de a iur<,e az Arrr.Piadt.
'who replied with a blow «f h!s fist,
that staggered his assailant. Recover
ing with marvelous rapidity, the Mexi
can lunged again, but the thrust was
turned aside by the section foreman's
heavy watch and an ugly gash was in
•f icted over his heart.
Armstadt grappled -with the Mexican,
and succeeded In overpowering him.
FIRE DESTROYS INSANE
WARD OF A HOSPITAL
County Institution at MarUnez Has
Narrow Escape From Total De
struction by Flames.
MARTINEZ, Dec. TO. — Fire to
right destroyed the insane ward of
the Cour.ty Hospital of Contra Costa.
The building was separated from the
main building by a passage about ten
feet wide and it "was only through the
heroic work of the Martinez Fire De
partment and citizens of the town that
the flames were confined to the small
er structure. The cause of the fire is
unknown.
There was but one patient in the
ward at the time of the fire. He was
rescued without difficulty.^ The forty
inmates of the main building were re
moved, as It was feared at first that
the structure would became ignited by
flying sparks. They were returned to
their wards when the flames were ex
tinguished.
TABBIES RUN WILD WHEN
ABANDONED BY OWNERS
Cats Left Behind In Deserted Town
of Wadsu-orth Become Thieves
and Chicken Killers.
RENO. New, Dec. 20. — Hundreds of
domestic cats, left in Wadsworth by
the- many families that have left that
;< w:i in the last few months, are run
ning- wild upon the streets" and it is re
ported that they not invade
houses and steal meat from the tables.
btxi have even attacked chickens and
attempted to carry the fowls away.
It is said they lie upon the porches
of the residences and wait for an op-
I < rtunity to enter a house and steal
food.
Wadsworth has been cut off the
main line by the Southern Pacific
Company and the town Is now prac
i.ually deserted.
Will Await Court's Action.
SAN* JOSE. Dec. 20. — Judge Tuttle
to-day dissolved the injunction re
straining County Recorder-elect C. R.
"Williams from ousting the present
Recorder from the office. The par
ties will wait to see what the Supreme
Court does with Treanor's application
for a writ of mandate.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 20.— Captain John J.
Penning. Fifteenth Cavalry, has been selected
fcy the War Department as military attache
• t Toldo to succeeed Lieutenant Colonel Wood
whoe« term of foreign duty has expired
JXO. J. FULTOX. CO.
Five Witnesses
THE FOLLOWING IS SO HARD TO B&-
!!ev« that we asked the fewr ladles named
bt'.ow to cer.Unn and attest the facts.
• la brleJ. two years a«o a very estimable eld
lady, living out on Carl street. In th!» cJty was
very low with Brighfn Dleease. After ctrug-
Rlir^ with th« ei»easo for eighteen years ex-
hausted nature wss saccumfclns. The doctors
riM she would not I!ve thre» days, and as she
r»^led to ilrs. Nevada Plasterer, her' friends
and relatives were thir.ldr.s; cf last rood-bys.
Coctrsry to ell znedical precedent, she did
not cross the River, but rrcw better month by
north, and now. over two years later, at 74.
wl!1 enjoy the holidays •with her people. We
»:;i now l*t the lad!e» who Im-ertigated com-
r>>te the etory:
San Francisco. Dec. 12, 19OJ.
Jno. J. Fulton Co. — Dear Sirs: As requested,
w* visited Mrs. Adeline Sweet of 304 Carl
rtreet and found h<»r a channlcr old lady,
tright and sunny, her every word carrying;
i-oaviction. She suffered with Brirht's Disease
over eighteen year* and had been under the
rare cf the be* physicians. lncludJn*; Drs.
Motiflun and Xrvina of Minneapolis and several
b're.
r.£r)y In Nrvember. 1902. they decided sh» •
co-j!3r,t llv. three days. Her next door neigh.
bor. iir. J. a. Evelrth. president of the Eve-
leth>Kfit9i rroit Co.. procured Fulton's Renal
Onttonaci for Bright'* Disease and Insisted
vi-cn her tafcirj; it. She commenced lo rally,
and !s to-day a living testimonial to the value
€,T th:« lifc-t-avi-j? Compound. She took doxens
t>t it. ar.a although 74 years cf axe the is now
well *nouKh to visit frter.is. eF8lst In th*
>MMactoextac wi can do her own shopping.
S»:o Hosed. "I hope my story will reach and
impress m^ny »uJtertng or.es." Facts certMed
•nd *7Trevl by
Signed MRS. NEVADA PLASTERER.
, ..„ 4SO Geary street.
Firned MRS. J. WADLriGII
HSM4 MRS. J. r. NOl?^S7 *""•
Signed MRS. M. K."%ggg"* *"«• j
► r . t- , u SC= * »tre«t.'!
Al«i by J. A. Evc>th. provident Eveleth-Va«h !
Fr-Jit Cn.. C!2 Van N«» a\-*nu»» * '
-rhoushUHl people who can e.,e "the difference !
Ktweca tl:«s c!a*s cf t*Ft!mony and that ordi- '
nn.r:;v prescntfed will begin to te« the d'ffrr- :
t-vi* between a cenuire dii«cov*Ty and t*e or-
dinary r-atf-r.t medicine cf commerce t! D to
the O«cor<77 of Fu:ton> Re na i compound
th«r» «a« r.o pkt» for chronic Hrighf* D'*r.»*»
Advertised raedicint-s hava for a quarter of a
century claimed to cure It. but you know nnS !
«r^ of the medical text bock- win teli'vo-j ■
there has r-^er no cure. Under Fulton's dls' '
covf-ry about V7 per cent can now recover
When to snspect Br^chfs Disease— weakness !
(T Joss cr weight, puffy ar.kles. handx or '
lidfc. dropsy. Sidney trouble after the third I
month, r&iiirj; vision, «lrc>wiln«ts. one or mora
of tbc*». If you have cny cf these symptoms
«=-.srt on Fulton'* R*nal Compound or rend fcr :
fHiairtt l' 1 Jno. J. Fulton O>.. 408 Waihington
Krcet. S. F.
CASTOmA
Tor Iiifexts end Ciiildren. ':<:
Hie Kind You Have Always Bought
Signature of w^vX /■&&&*£ '
PASTOR'S SOCKS
SHOCK LADIES
San Rafael Minister Gives
Up Pulpit and Strange Are
the Tales Now Being Told
HE SWEARS, IT IS SAID
Women Folks Aver Preacher
Used Too Many Cigarettes
and Wore Open Work Hose
»
Epeclal D:tpa'.ch to Tfc« CalL
SAN RAFAEL. Dec. 20.— Cigarettes
and openwork scrcks were two of the
items that caused a disagreement be
tween Rev. Robert E. Lee Craig of
Grace Church and his flock. The ultra
modern pastor was last seen yesterday
bound for the San Rafael depot in an
express wagon. All his household*
goods were with him. It is given out
by the vestrymen that Craig has re
signed voluntarily and geme to accept
a call in Mississippi.
Craig came to the peaceful town of
San Rafael in May last. On first sight
the members of Grace Church thought
that his raiment was too loud for the
place and for his cailing. His low-cut,
patent-leather shoes exposing open
work hosiery made the conservative
gasp. His excessive use of cigarettes
shocked the parents and friction re
sulted.
Coming from the South and bearing
the name of Robert E. Lee, Craig nat
urally hated negroes. His first act on
taking charge of Grace Church was to
discharge a colored sextion.
"No niggers," declared the Rev. R. E.
L. Craig in decided tones.
The congregation began to dwindle
and the choir evaporated, all except the
paid singers. It began to be whispered
around the tea tables that the minister
swore terribly in and but of church,
ripping, emphatic oaths, such as are
used by Kentucky colonels. On one oc
casion it is reported that^the reverend
gentleman's language was so strong
that it sent one of the prominent young
ladies of the congregation Into hyster
ics. A bevy of girls were engaged in
decorating the church when the strenu
ous pastor appeared, and they claim he
broke into a storm of profanity so
strong that one of their number was
overcome by the shock.
The vestrymen, while they do not
deny these stories outright, maintain
that differences with the congregation
did not cause Rev. R. E. L. Craig to
depart for the sunny South, where
openwork socks cause no shocks and
where the ousting of a negro is consist
ent even In a clergyman. They say that
he resigned of his own accord. Rev.
Charles Hitchcock will tend to the spir
itual wants of Grace Church until an
other pastor can be found.
Following are statements from some
of the vestrymen:
George Buttler— Craig resigned. I
don't think he found the congregation
congenial, as he was a strong South
erner.
Colonel Charles Burrer — He was not
asked to resign. I know nothing.
John F. Boyd— He resigned of his
own accord.
S. B. Moorhead— He resigned to take
a church in Mississippi, his wife's
home.
ENGINEERS' REPORT FAILS
TO REACH SACRAMENTO
Plans for Drainage System Will Not
Be Made Public Until Consid
ered by Works Board.
SACRAMENTO. Dec. 20. — The re
port of the Engineers' Commission,
containing the plan of improvement
for the Sacramento and San Joaquin
drainage systems, has not yet arrived,
although it was forwarded by express
from Sioux City last Thursday.
Governor Pardee has decided not to
allow the report to be made public
until after it has been considered and
printed. This may require several
days. Members of the River and
Drainage Association, as well as re
clamation land owners from many
districts, will remain here until this
report is received.
WIRELESS TELEGRAPH
PLANT AT SAN DIEGO
Southern Port Assured of Station by
Secretary of the Navy Paul
Morton.
SAN DIEGO, Dec. 20. — Secretary
Wood of the Chamber of Commerce has
received the following self-explanatory
letter from Secretary of the Navy Paul
Morton: •_;:.' [(.-.
XAVT DEPARTMENT. WASHINGTON D
C. Dec 14. l»O4.— Dear Sir: Referring to
the copy of a portion of tha minutes of the
reirular ■weekly meeting of the board of direct
or* of the San Diego Chamber of Commerce,
held en Friday, November 4, 1904, which you
personally delivered to this office, I have to
Inform you that the department's approval has
already been siren to a proposition from the
bureau of equipment to erect a wireless tele
graph station at San Diego and the bureau
exi*ct» to te in a position to proceed with the
work in a then time. Very truly yours
PAUL W. MORTON, Secretary.
PURCHASES SALOON WITH
TWO VALUELESS DRAFTS
San Die*o Man Arrested for Pass-
Ing Bogus Paper i n Busi
ness Deal.
SAN DIEGO, Dec 20.— "Wiliam F.
Hembrich was arrested to-day and
charged with passing a bogus cheqk
on one of the local banks at the Pony
Saloon, on Fifth street. Joseph Schacht
mayer, proprietor of the saloon, is the
complaining witness.
Hembrich planned to purchase the
Pony Saloon, paying for it with two
drafts, one on a bank at Glencoe Falls,
Minn., for $2450 and the other on a Los
Angeles bank for $4500. Both drafts
came back with "no funds" stamped
on them.
MURDER DONE IN SALOON
IN THE TOWN OF BARSTOW
Santa Fe Switchman Takes Life of
Man Named Depew and Imme
diately Leaves Resort.
SAN BERNARDINO. Dec. 20.—Sher
iff Ralphs to-night received a brief dis
patch from Constable Weber at Bar
stow, telling of the killing there early
to-night in a saloon of L. Depew by
Samuel Wilson, a Santa Fe switchman.
Wilson left the saloon immediately
after the murder and has not been
apprehended.
Wilson has a large revolver and plen
ty of money. He has a family in
Cloverdale, Sonoma County.
CHICAGO. , Dec. 20.— Francis A. BrokosVl.
oner- a politician, committed autclde last night
!n the rocms of the Republican Marching Club.
Turning- on all the gas jets In a room, he laid
on a vofa and waited for death.
TELEGRAPH BBBVIT1ES a »
ST. PETERSBURG. Dec. . ,20.— Emperor
Nicholas has purchased the entire pri rare col
lection of .Vereetchagin'a pictures,, which It wan
announced had been offered for sale at auction
tor f 50.000.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1904.
BISHOP PHELAN
GOES TO HIS
FINAL REST
BISHOP OF PITTSBURG. "WHO
HAS PASSED AWAY AT AN
ADVANCED AGE.
PITTSBURG. Pa., Dec. 20.— Right
Rev. Richard Phelan. bishop of the
Roman Catholic diocese of Pittsburg,
died at noon to-day in St. Paul's Or
phan Asylum at Idlewood. Pa., sur
rounded by his relatives and many
church officials. He had been 111 for
three years.
Bishop Phelan was born near Ballv
ragget, County Kilkenny, Ireland, on
January 1, 1828. Private tutors in the
Phelan household supplied his elemen
tary education. He then entered St.
Kieran's College. Kilkenny. In 1849
he came to Pittsburg. He continued
his studies at the Seminary of St.
Michael and two years later he en
tered St. Mary's Seminary In Balti
more. On May 4, 1854, he was ordaine.d
a priest in this city.
After 'filling many important offices
connected with the church in this vicin
ity, he became Bishop of the Pittsburg
diocese In 18S9. On May 4 the fiftieth
anniversary of his ordination to the
priesthood was celebrated.
About a year ago Right Rev. Regis
Canevin was appointed as coadjutor
bishop and relieved the aged bishop of
much of the heavy responsibilities.
Bishop Phelan was a brother of Canon
Phelan of Ireland.
Death Calls Sir Lowthlan Bell.
LONDON, Dec. 20. — Sir Lowthian
Bell, formerly president of the Iron
and Steel Institute, is dead, aged 88
years.
CONFESSES TO CRIMES
HE NEVER COMMITTED
Police Lenrn That Burzlar Kiniry
Took Credit for the Work of
Other Burglars;
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 20.—Investiga
tion by the detectives of the numerous
stories of crime told by David Kinlry
now in the Oakland jail charged with
having murdered a policeman, have
disclosed the fact that the prisoner
could not have committed all the
crimes that he confessed.
Among other thinks Kiniry stated
that fie had committed the Potter dia
mond robbery in Chicago when Jewel
ry worth thousands of dollars was
stolen.
The fact of the confession was sent
to the Chicago offices and to-day it
was learned that the men who really
committed the crime had been cap
tured, the booty recovered and both
men convicted. Another Job to which
Kiniry confessed was that of robbing
a Kansas Citv residence, but it has
been found that he was in Los An
geles at the time.
UNKNOWN MAN IS KIUvKD
IN RAILROAD SMASHUP
Derailing of Refrigerator Car Brings
Death to Passenger on
Brakebeam.
SANTA BARBARA, Dec. 20. — A re
frigerator car on the southbound
Southern Pacific freight train left the
Jtrack early this morning near Gato,
forty miles north of this city, caus
ing the derailment of several cars,
which piled up on the track and de
layed traffic for- a few hours. .An un
known man. riding a brakebeam, was
instantly killed.:
Noted Horticulturist Dies.
' PHOENIX,' Ariz., Dec, 20.— James
Lancaster Budd, an eminent horticult
urist, died; here at an advanced age.
For. many years he was a member of
the. faculty of the State Agricultural
College at Ames, la.
Christmas Stationery.
Beautiful boxes of stationery that
make, useful as* well as very handsome
Christmas : presents; also ink stands
desk pads and calendars. Designs not
shown elsewhere. Sanborn, Vail & Co
741' Market street. • ''
FREE ■ FREE
PLUM PUDDINGS
MINCE MEAT.
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
ARMOUR
PACKING V COMPANY'S
FAMOUS BRANDS.
Free With' Every Small Ad in
Sunday CalL
See Small Ad Page for Further
Particulars;
MANY PERISH
IN BIG STORM
Great Loss of Life Reported
Among Seafaring Men on
the Coast of t Portugal
HUNDREDS HOMELESS
Craft of All Sorts With the
Crews Suffer From the
Sudden Fury of Elements
LISBON, Dec. 20.— A disastrous
storm, which suddenly burst on the
northern coast of Portugal, has caused
great loss of life. From reports re
ceived eighteen fishermen were drown
ed at FigTiero da Fez and 600 others
have been rendered destitute. ..
A ferry-boat plying at the mouth of
the Mondego River was capsized and
fourteen persons were drowned. In the
Lexios Basin, near Oporto, five boats
wereisunk and five persons drowned.
NANTUCKBT, Mass.. Dec. 20.— Death
■was probably the fate of Captain Nelson
A. Emily and crew of six men of the
Richard S. Leamin. which was driven
ashore on Long Shpal last Sunday.
Both of the yawl. boats were found here
to-day, one of them having been
smashed to splinters. —
BABE BURNED
IN ITS CRIB
Little One Perishes in the
Flames That Destroy Home
of a Los Angeles Woman
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Dec 20.— Before the
very eyes of the frantic mother, the
three weeks old child of Mrs. Ella La
mar was burned to death to-day in a
fire which destroyed her home and the
house adjoining.
The mother had left the child asleep
in a crib near the stove In which there
was a wood fire. It Is supposed a spark
from the- burning wood flew into the
crib igniting the bed clothing. The
mother had gone into a restaurant ad
joining her home and hearing the cry
of fire, a passer by having given the |
alarm, rushed out to find the room in
which her baby lay a mass of flames.
She would have rushed into the burn-
Ing building and .to certain death had
she not been' restrained and as she!
and the other horrified spectators j
looked on a beam from the celling fell
upon what remained of the crib. After
the fire had been extinguished only the
charred body of the child was found.
The property loss did not exceed $1000.
-»- ! ' ' j.
GOULD'S PISTOL
STOPS PURSUIT
Eich Young Collegian Gets
Away From Students 1 Who
Had Planned to Haze Him
NEW TORK. Dec. 20.— While being
pursued' in Upper Broadway this after
noon by a crowd of Columbia Univer
sity sophomores, who were bent on
capturing him, Kingdon Gould, the son
of George J. Gould, drew a revolver
and fired over the heads of the crowd.
He then fled to a fraternity house,
which was soon . surrounded by the
sophomores, and from which he was
rescued by his father, who took him
away in a carriage under the guard of
three men, supposed to be detectives.
On a previous occasion young Gould,
who Is a freshman in the Columbia
School of Mines, escaped from the sec
ond year men by drawing a hammer,
which he flourished In the manner of a
pistol.
Young Gould, who was on his way
from the college grounds, was stopped
by a group of sophomores, who at
tempted to capture him for the dinner
to be held to-morrow night, at which
it was planned he should furnish en
tertainment for his captors, much after
the fashion of other prisoners of war.
As soon as the sophomores began to
close in about him Gould took to his
heels. He had not run more than a
block when, seeing his pursuers were
gaining on him .ind that he could not
escape, he turned suddenly and drew
a revolver.
"Don't any of you come a step nearer
or try to touch me," he shouted.
The elder classmen pressed still for
ward.
"He won't shoot," one of them cried.
Gould raised the revolver and shot
over the heads of the crowd.
/ "You'll find out whether I'll shoot or
not," he said.
. The sophomores at once fell back and
Gould took refuge In the fraternity
house.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Patents Issued to Residents of the
Golden States — California
Postal Changes.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 20. — Clara D.
L. Bowen has been appointed- post
master at Hemlock. Cal.
Patents were issued to-day, as fol
lows: California— William N. Best, as
signer of one-half to W. A. Cooper,
Los Angeles, tubular firebox for steam
boilers; W. E. Brown, assignor of one
half to J. W. Brennan, Los Angeles,
demijohn; Willard W. Flewalling, |
Santa. Rosa, vehicle brake; William H.
Gregory. Vallejo. electric battery; J.
H. Hoskins, San Diego, heating fur
nace; Ernest W. Jackson, Sausalito,
hydrocarbon furnace; Chesley A. Nor
vell, Sacramento, canister; Charles
Paff. San Francisco, stem' holding and I
cutting shears; Arthur M. Parker, Los
Angeles, sewing awl; Thomas Pollock,
assignor of- one third to C. O.' Rios,
Santa Barbara. gold separator,;
Charles A. Shaffer, Eureka, carpet
fastener; George ;H. Stewart, Los "An
geles, sealed multiple compartment
vessel or can; Moses. L. Wicks Jr., Los
Angeles, toy.
31 ore _• Men for ■ Leiter's 3Iine.
CARBONDALE, 111.. Dec. 20. — Sixty,
skilled miners : from Pennsylvania ar
rivedr at Zeigler ; to-day and : were im
mediately; taken inside the stockade at
Letter's mine. A heavy f guard accom
uanied the men. SKSssaUBBHsflSffi
APOSTLE D0WIE
HAS FAIR RIVAL
Woman Opens "Paradise"
in Chicago and Poses
as "General Shepherdess"
CLAIMS POWER TO HEAL
"Scientific Christianity" Is
the Title Given Mabel
A. Jackman's New Cult
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Dec 20.— "Paradise" now
appears as a rival to "Zion."
The Rev. Mabel A. Jackman, indict
ed for obtaining money fraudulently
through alleged "fake" spiritualism
and discharged several jweeks ago by
Judge Chetlain, has organized the
"Church of , Scientific Christianity," a
new religious cult, Imitating many fea
tures of Dowle's Zion. A publication,
"Scientific Christianity," which came
to the attenttion of Chief Postofflce In
spector Stuart to-day", because it was
sent through the mail, has "Gods wit
nesses of divine healing" as a sub
title. Headquarters (in the ruins of
the old Trinity Methodist Church) is
called "Paradise," and "Rev. Mabel."
not to be left behind by Zion's general
overseer, styles herself the "general
shepherdess of Paradise."
Two years ago Mabel Jackman was
successfully prosecuted by the State
Board of Health for practicing medi
cine without a license, according to
Charles G. Hoffman, assistant counsel
for the board.
"This woman was practicing what
she called magnetic healing when she
first came to our attention," said Hoff
man. "The fact that she used the
title 'Doctor* and had no license to
practice was enough to start us In an
investigation. We sent a woman in
spector to her.' place on the North
Side. The Inspector pretended to have
a number of ailments.
" 'Dr.' Jackman promised to cure
her. In this way we obtained Informa
tion of her 'healing* methods.
"I am working in God's name," said
Mabel Jackman to The Call corre
spondent to-day. "I bought that church
property, paying $20,000 for it; and was
ready to build a year ago, when the
lroquois fire and the new building reg-
_
Clothes That Look Well, Fit Right and Wear Good
Such Clothes * 1 0 to $ 35
We sell. clothes closer to cost than any other store in San Francisco.
And in, making the clothes in our own workshops the cost is lower
to us than any other store.
These advantages make it possible for us to undersell all others if
quality is considered.
If other stores were to sell at cost then they would be just about
meeting our prices: • -
You are possibly thinking to-day of buying a suit, an overcoat or a
Cravenette before Christmas.
If you buy the garment here you are sure of good clothes, stylishly
cut and carefully made.
Here are thousands of garments all ready to put on. Every one has
a little label that says '"Yeargood."'' y>
So you see in addition to getting good clothes you get protection
while you are wearing them.
Business Suits, $10 to $35; Tuxedos, $15 to $35; Full- Dress Suits,
$22.50 to $35; :Overcoats,,$10 to $40; Priestley 'Gravenette Rain Coats,
$10 to $30; Trousers; $2.25 to $8. " .
Merchandise Orders . • 1 \ L /w g~± rV^ «TVv Store Service "
In making a gift where it II II B J?% H H H- " Though the stor: L» busy
is preferable for the recipient /^ tLiL V-T \Jr b*J iS/ H \9 their days. <vc have a corps
to select the goods purchase £ TV. ■ ~zT \_^^ o{ efficisnt salesmen, so that
one of our "Merchandise Or-! *9a/\ m* t ' ' a. ■•"«?' all customers miy be .waited
ders. w 740 Market Street on promptly.
WILL PURCHASE
240,000 EGGS
Remarkable Order Is to Be
Placed in Canada by an Ex
pert Packer From Klondike
6000 CASES .REQUIRED
Special Lumber Is Needed
for Boxes in Which They
Will Be Shipped to North
Special Dispatch to The Call.
.TACOMA, Wash., Deo. 20. — Stanley
Cearce has left Dawson for Canada to
purchase 20,000 dozen eggs and pack
them for shipment to Dawson early
next summer* In accomplishing this
Cearce announces his Intention of
showing Canadians how eggs should
b« packed.
For this purpose he will buy 6000
empty egg cases in Chicago and ship
them to Toronto, where he will pro
vide a cold storage plant for the pack
ing and storing of the eggs prior to
shipment to the Klondike. He will
buy his eggs on the Canadian side to
escape payment of duty. Besides this
financial advantage Cearce has found
that Canadians sell eggs which are
second to none in the world, but they
are greatly behind In the art of egg
packing. .This deficiency. Cearce says.
Is due to the difficulty which the Can
adian packers have in getting abso
lutely dry lumber for egg boxes.
Lumber which is even slightly damp
V.-J11 convey a foreign flavor to eggs.
Filmer Is Commissioned.
8ACRAMENTO, Dec. 20. — Governor
Pardee to-day issued to Major George
Filmer, First Infantry. National
Guard of California, of San Francisco,
his commission as colonel of that reg
inu nt.
Hundreds of Amateur Artists
Need drawing sets, color outfits and all
sorts of things to paint on and paint
with. Ours is the one place that you
can get anything and everything at sat
isfactory prices. Sanborn, Vail & Co. •
ulations spoiled my plans. Do I ex
pect that my work will grow as Dow
le's has? That will be as God wills."
SNAPS.
W£ WANT A
BUYER TO-DAY
For the Best $450.00
Piano on the Market:
$225 Takes It.
Carefully Used Three Months
in a Mansion That Never
Abused It Three Minutes
A Barely Beautiful Ma-
hogany Gem, and Cost
Us Lots More Money
We would give the name of this
piano here, but vre have quoted a
figure so scandalously low that we
would disgrace its name to do so,
even though it has been used a bit.
But the buyer may rest assured that
it's away up in "class" — a perfect gem
of its class, and well worth 1 400.
Have but one of its kind, and no
other bargain like it. Any one inter-
ested in this "pick-up" had better be
first on the ground — it will go early
to-day. Tis a Christmas present for
the whole family, and ten a month
takes It.
In addition to this "snap," we hare
four other exceptional bargains in
new uprights (standard make), worth
going miles to see, and we shan't ask
a dollar profit on either of Ihese from
anybody to-day, at 126 Geary street.
opposite the City of Paris dry goods
store. CLARK WISE & CO.
GOVERNMENT OVERTHROWN
BY REBELS IN PARAGUAY
Revolution Successful In the South
American Republic and Peace
Proclaimed.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 20. — A cable-
gram has been received at the State
Department from the acting American
Consul at Asuncion, Paraguay, stat
ing that the revolution has been suc
cessful and that peace has been pro
claimed.
34
INSANE ASYLUM
AS A HOSPITAL
Sophie 31 orris Says She Was
Committed to Institution
Through Misrepresentation
SUES FOR .DAMAGES
Woman Accuses Her Tenants
of Sending Her to Agnews
When Her Mind Was Sound
llecommending an Insane asylum as
a hospital, inviting rest for a daughter
worn with nursing an invalid mother,
would seem io be an ironical Jest, but
the suggestion is made in a complaint
just filed in the Superior Court.
The story is told by Sophie Morris
against- Hugh Hughes and his wife.
Louisa, sister of Miss Morris. She
sues them for $20,000 damages as the
price of her mental anguish and injured
reputation. Her attorney is , C. W.
Eanin.
J It is recited that for three and a half
years the plaintiff and her mother lived
at 1916 Green street. The mother was
an invalid and unable to perform any
household duties, and the daughter had
the sole care of her. On January 1,
last. Hughes and his wife moved from
San Jose to this city and rented a part
of the house occupied by the .Morrises.
Then the defendants are said to have
represented to Sophie Morris that Ag
ueVs '.vas a hospital where she could
get rest from the long and constant
care of her mother. She was told, she
says, that it would be necessary to get
the consent of a Superior Judge be
fore she could go to the institution and.
on March 28. she was induced to be
committed to the asylum and was sent
th*>re in charge ol a public officer.
Sh» was confined for two months and
twelve days among the insane, al
though, she says, she was not insane
herself. She declares that she did not
know that Agnews was an asylum.
During the period of her confinement
her mother became very ill. The
daughter, -In charge of an attendant,
was permitted to come to her. but was.
she ravs, dragged from the dying wo
man's bedside by the Hugheses and
sent back to Agrnews. -She declares that
the authorities were so shocked at the
inhumanity of her treatment that they
returned her to her home, and next day
the mother died. The plaintiff was
taken back to the asylum, and on the
ninth t»f June- the medical superinten
dent discharged her. of his own motion,
as Hughes would not consent to her re
lease.
ALLEGES CRUELTY.
When she oanve home, t?he says,
Hughes would not let her in. He
struck her, seized her. by the neck and
threw her. down the steps, according
to the allegations, and then had her
taken to the . Emergency Hospital.
There, continues the plaintiff, an ef
fort was made to have her committed
to the Stockton asylum on a charge of
insanity, but it failed. Next, she de
clares, proceedings were instituted in
the Probate Court to have a guardian
appointed for her; witnesses were sub
penaed and the action stood- four
months before it was dismissed.
While she was in the asylum, and
after, it is alleged, the defendants cir
culated the report that Sophie Morris
was insane from the excessive use of
intoxicating liquors.
For the commitment to Agnews she
demands $10,000 damages and for the
acts committed after her release she
asks as much more.
HUGHES DENIES ALI,.
Hugh Hughes, speaking of the suit
filed against him by Sophie Morris,
said:
Her claims axainrt me for fiamarw ai» «!m
pjy absurd. Everything In thU house belongs
to me. except one »mail bedstead. Her stated
menl that 1 struck her la .TaJs*. I have lived
©n this roast for forty years and I think my
reputation for honesty U pretty well estab
»ished here. I do not wish to ro into any de
tail statement of her conduct, as the manner
in which she has acted is well known to many
or the leading physicians of this city, among
■whom are Dr. Kerr and Dr. Devlin. She is
unfortunately entirely controlled by an all ab
sorbing love for Uquor. I have done everything
In my power to assist her. I have spent |2000
for her treatment at different hospitals and
sanitariums. But It has been all of no avail.
When her poor mother was lying here in m>
house at death's door w« sent down to the
Affnews Asylum, wbere Miss Morris was under
treatment, and had her brought up here in
eare of a nurse, i that she might be with her
mother during her dying hours. On arrival
*» she acted Ilk* a raring; maniac Ehe
abue^d everybody la sight and kept up such a
fir* of talk that the nurse was obliged to take
ber away aicaln. Her case Is a pathetic one.
Ehe has a spiendld education, and wero It not
tor her terrible thirst for liquor would be a
woman of exceptional brilliancy.
This statement was entirely corrobo
rated by Mrs. Hughes, the sister of
Mies Morris.
ArtiflciaJ Flowers Burn.
A» fire broke out in the rear of Henry
Vowinkel'e picture and artificial flower
•tore at 704 Larkln street last night
at 11 o'clock, which frightened the
neighbors Into sending in three
alarms from as many different boxes.
The flames were soon extinguished by
the Fire Department. The Inflam
mable character of the merchandise
in the store wm such that^verything
of value was consumed. The fire orig
inated in the workshop, where an as
sortment of wax, varnishes and other
Urr.ljabl« Btuff was .stored.: In the ab
sence of the proprietor an estimate of
the damage could not be ascertained.
It 'was stated that he carried a small
tanirance on his stock, but the amoun*
was not known.
■j^ advertisements;
CHRISTMAS FURNITURE
loict iables $i4.vX) u>' * i
Haii Clocks. . i . . .. ... . .$20.00 to ;:$soo.od
Tea iables ;.. ;./.. ..$6.00 to $5j.OO
Music Cabinets ..........$10,00 to $150 00
Auto-Valets: .'....$60.00 to $250X0
Ccllarettes $18 OO to $75OQ
Morris Chairs ....• $1200 to $50.00
Shaving Stands ..$12 50 to $50.00
Triple i oilet Mirrors . . $400 to $20 OO
Buffets ; $10.00 * to $ 15000
and many other attractive pieces all very
reasonably priced. '-••fT :
W.&J. SLOAN E & CO,
•FURNITURE-CARPETS • RUGS • DRAPERIES-
114 - 122 POST ST., S.F.
DEPICTS SLUMS
OF METROPOLIS
•
Jacob ftiis Iteveals Uncanny
Conditions - 'That Prevail
in Great Atlantic City
SHOWS TENEMENT LIFE
Ex-Mayor Phelan .Presents
Distinguished Author to
Big Audience at Y. M. C. A.
Jacob A. Riis, author, newspaper man
and philanthropist, made his bow be
fore a San Francisco audience last
night at the Y. M. C. A., which was
crowded with some of the most repre
sentative citizens ofHhe city.
On the platform with the distin
guished visitor were ex-ifayor Phelan,
who introduced Mr. Riis in a graceful
speech and made flattering allusions to
President Roosevelt. Rolla V. Watt and
General Secretary McCoy of the Y. M.
C. A.
"The Battle With the Slums" was the
subject of the lecture and if Riis failed
for a moment to disclose the true, in
ward life of the conditions of slumdom
in the great city of New York it must
have been through the darkness of the
hovels which his picture reproduced on
the canvas. While his views were vivid
his graphic account of human suffer
ing and degradation (through "greedy
landlordism") was equal in portraiture
to the pictures he, when a reporter on
the New York Sun, and later, took
himself.
The fc-peaker showed tenements
wherein hundreds of families lived,
sans air, sans light. Bans sunshine; he
pictured with word and etereopticon the
overcrowding; men huddled together
like animals in a pen, sleeping on floor
and shelves, with bedding wretched and
dirty, and without so" much as a cover
ing for their shivering forms.
Children, were presented in the "nar
row, cold,' cheerless exteriors of these
tenements, and Riis asked would it be
surprising under such conditions if the
unfortunate young thrived on the crime
germs which such surroundings breed.
Such conditions, if allowed in any
city, he said, boded no good for the fu
ture of those unhappy ones who had to
endure them, and besides those ' very
conditions of depravity springing from
the "greed of the landlords" are a dan
ger, to the peace of a community, and
even to the ultimate prosperity and
foundation of the country.
Here in San Francisco the citizens
face the same peril as they do in New
York. If they overcrowd tenements
wherein twenty families are to be
housed under one roof there will be
slums In San Francisco, too, and we
will pay $1,000,000 for a block for play
grounds, as they have had to do in New
York.
He told of how they had had to fight
the conspiracy of "human selfishness
and greed" until last year a law was
enacted which prohibited the building
of a tenement which excluded the sun
shine arid air. There had been 360,000
dark rooms in the tenements and the
"Battle of the Slums," he said, will last
until thOFe. .dark rooms* are gone. \
Hils then showed pictures of the ten
rnents, which have been I lately con
structed as a result of the inquiry Into
the all-important-> subject, showing
marked improvement in exterior and
interior architecture and plans.
The lecturer was frequently applaud
ed, and at the close of his descriptive
narration he was given a perfect ova
tion. » -VJ
Wheels- Stolen From Buggy*
Charles Anderson • is locked up' in
the Seventeenth-street police station
on • the novel charge of stealing the
wheels from a buggy belonging to
George W. Paterson. It is alleged that
Paterson's barn at Church and Thir
tieth streets was entered during the
nighttime and the < wheels taken from
his vehicle. Suspicion pointed to An
derson, who was taken into custody
by Policeman A. J. Stry and booked
on the charge of burglary. The miss
ing wheels have not been found.
The Best Fountain Pens.
W« are selling agents for "Waterman's
Ideal Fountain Pens," $2.60 up to $10.00
each, and sole agents for "The Marshall,"
the best $1.00 fountain pen In the world.
Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741 Market street.*
Enjoy Christmas Tree.
The Christmas festival of the Pilgrim
Sunday-school took place at Native
Sons' Hall last .night. A Jolly crowd
of both old and young people enjoyed
the holiday festivities. Following a
Christmas tree and a Santa Claus
came a programme of dancing.
Christmas Clocks and Candlesticks.
Get one of our clocks, the quaint gold
en ones, that every one. wants, or a sold
candlestick. Jewel case or ink stand for a
nice and not expensive Christmas pres
ent. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market at."
Actor Charged With Robbery.
William McGarry, ah actor, was ar
rested at Pine and Kearny streets at
2 o'clock this morning on complaint of
S. Wega, a Japanese cook, who ac
cused McGarry of robbing , him of a
gold watch and $20 in cash. The
watch was found on McGarry. and ha
wa« charged at the Hall of 1 Justice
with grand larceny.
LISBON. Dec. 20.— King Charles and Queen
Amelia arrived here to-day on their return
from their visits to Great Britain and France.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, tfECEMBER 21? 1004
PRINCE LIKES
THIS COUNTRY
Pusjiimi Says Greatness of
United States Has 3Iade a
Deep Impression on Him
ADMIKES KOOSEVELT
Japanese Nobleman Speaks
With Praise of the Treat
ment Accorded Him Here
Prince Fushimi of Japan, who' ar
rived here from the East at an early
-hour yesterday morning, spent a large
portion of the day. in GcHden Gate Park
.with the members erf his party and the
local Japanese reception committee.
During his absence, the local Japanese
colony, appreciating their distinguished
countryman's admiration for horses,
raised a fund of $1200, with which they
purchased a handsome white charger.
At the park yesterday the formal pre
sentation of the horse was made, and
the well-pleased nobleman, after thank
ing, his ■ countrymen for their gift,
mounted the high-spirited animal and
tried him out over the park roads.
In the evening the Prince and his
suite dined in their apartments at the
St. Francis and retired early, prepara
tory of their departure for Monterey to
day. After a short sojourn there. they
will proceed down the coast as far as
Santa Barbara, returning in time to
embark, on the steamship Mongolia. It
is with considerable show of reluctance
that Prince Fushimi subjects himself
to interviews. In fact, he inrariably
shields .himself behind a stereotyped
excuse of his attendants that he is
"traveling" incognito" and is expected
to be free from the importunities of
newspaper representatives. Another
favorite excuse is that he is not an
English-speaking Japanese, but he
often shows his familiarity with'Eng
lish by unconsciously ' smiling when
some one is bold enough to make some
comment about him In 'English within
hearing. Last evening, when pressed
for a statement regarding his views of
the United States, in so far as he had
seen the country, he carefully studied
for a moment and then replied through
an interpreter! *
I have seen nothing In America but what
pleased me. The courteous treatment ac
corded me by your .people deeply Impressed
me with the fact that you are very kindly dis
posed toward my country. The vastness of
your territory, the splendid railroad systems,'
which make traveling across the continent &
pleasure, your well organized State and city
governments, the signs of great- resources that
one. notices on all sides, your commercial en
terprise and the modern methods in vogue
In all your undertakings, readily appealed to
me as indicating that you are a wonderful
people and the best example that Japan could
have followed in her fifty years of progress.
President Roosevelt, to me. Is a remarkable
man. His appearance, at first sight, quickly
suggests to the foreigner that he is a man
possessed of splendid ability and fully deserv
ing ef the confidence bestowed upon him. by
his countrymen, ax shown in the recent elec
tion. We in Japan would greatly enjoy a visit
from the President, provided It was an ex
tended one so that we might profit by the
wisdom he would undoubtedly Impart to our
statesmen. Of the war now raging in th«
Orient I would prefer not to have anything
to say; other than to express the hope that it
will, soon end. Our Emperor, shares this feel-
Ing- 1 with-\hi9 l '£! : ace-'Jevmg vrid" patriotic eub
jfW'to >«!.■■> ">«■!* rr<i .»r»ffl* ?'■ ' V*
To San Francisco I am grateful for.-many
things, for It was here, 6n my arrival* few
week* ago, I ; was suddenly. awaken«d to the
greatness . to which your country had grown
sine* my visit twenty years ago. " The :t>leas
ant courtesies extended to me on my arrival
were most' welcome, for they impressed ' upon
me the assurance of: th* good feeling enter-'
talned for the Japanese and made the re
mainder of my Journey to the nation's capital
exceptionally pleasant. You may. say to your
people , that when ! I return to Japan and In
the years to. come recall my American visit
the vision of my first glimpse of the harbor
of -San Francisco and the beautiful city that
rests- on Its shores will be the first to be re
vealed to my mind.' I came to you buoyant
with »' prospects and I leave with the most
cheering of assurances of friendship.
TWO MEN BADLY HURT
IN FALL DOWN A SHAFT
Superintendent and Engineer Miracul
ously Escape Death After Drop
ping One Hunderd Feet.
KINGMAN, Ariz., Dec 20.— Report by
telephone from Mineral Park gives par
ticulars of a terrible accident at the
Keystone mine to-night. While Jacob
Detar, superintendent, and Charles
Richards, engineer, were being hoisted
from the shaft the brake failed to
work, the .bucket overturned and both
men were precipitated one hundred feet
to the bottom of the shaft Detar's leg
was broken" and he was otherwise
badly injured. Richards was fright
fully Injured, but was alive when taken
to the surface. . ,
Supposed Millionaire Bankrupt.
PITTSBURG, Dec. 20.— Charles M.
Reed of Erie, supposed to-be a million
aire, was declared to be a bankrupt by
Judge Buffington in the United States
District Court to-day. Reed's liabili
ties are nearly $1,000,000, about $300,
000 of which is secured by mortgages
on railroad a'nd mining property in
Baker City, Or.
On Great Northern Staff.
CHICAGO, Dec. 20.— Benjamin Camp
bell, assistant traffic director of the
Harriman system of railroads, has
been made fourth vice president of the
Great Northern to succeed Joseph W.
Blabon. Campbell will be in charge
of the entire traffic of the Great North
ern 'system and 'will assume 'control
January L ?X1~S.
Japan as, a World Power.
The question of what will be the in-,
fluence and the relations of Japan in
the future with the European powers is
exciting the perplexed interest of the,
statesmen and the press In more 'than
one country. That Japan will .'emerge
from this war practically victorious,'
that is, 'that she will be able completely
to resist . the r. aggressions", of .j Russia
against which she took arms, - is not
doubted apparently even .in France or
Germany, -where the desire to make the'
best of the Russian .situation is strong.
If she does so emerge she will instantly*
take her place as a fighting power ex
tremely formidable within the range of
possible military and naval operations.
Ehe will be entitled to a voice in the
settlement of almost any question that
shall arise" In the eastern seas.— New
York Times. . '
Best Men - Rented » Out.
A new way of earning a living has
Just been ; made public by an English
newspaper. Smart," well . built ', and
properly educated . men. may make a
comfortable living by acting as "best
man" at weddings. Air»Engllsh ; firm
recently supplied a smart "best man",
to order, and' the \ Innovation proved
exceptionally • successful. The . result,
has been that'; several'* advertisements
have "since appeared from , firms ready
to. under take., this new.
One firm offers '. suitable "best ; men" ;aT
retaining salary, of •, $25 a , week; .': while
another,house.;wlll pay .the ? "best man"
$5 for even'.' wedding" at j which , he' acts
his cart.— New,' York Commercial.
SEQUOIA CLUB
ENTERTAINS A
PAIR OF GUESTS
By Sally Sharp.
Two lions at the Sequoia Club! Small
wonder that a double hundred and
more of men and women sought out
the emerald clubroom at the St. Fran
eta last niffht, for the cards had al
luringly announced the guests of honor
to be Miss Hallle Erminie Rives and
Howard Malcolm Tichnor. Now, every
man In the club wanted to meet Mis3
Rives, even as every woman longed to
meet Mr. Tichnor, who knows more
about Browning, the prince of lovers,
than any man here at home, for West
ern men are not addicted to Browning
to any great extent— rather do they
prefer a good fight, as witness the af
fair at the Pavilion last . night.
But to the credit of the Sequoia be
it said, that its men— most of them—
"passed .up" the allurements of the
ring for the pleasant ohatter of the
club. But a query went up through
the long, sweet night, "Where is Wil
liam Greer Harrison, the club leader,
director and raconteur?" Perish the
thought that the light lured him. It is
believed he was ill, else would he not
have missed bo Important a session of
the club he has nurtured so tenderly
since its inception.
After an interesting chatter, and a
swapping^of compliments twixt the
poets and artists and \ the others who
compose the audience, fflie members and
guests adjourned to the red reception
rooms, and there went Into executive
session— which - sounds ' much more
formidable than it really was— with the
club president. Charles Sedgwick Aiken,
on the plano-stooL \
In a speech laden with fact and fancy
i r * . Alken dwelt upon the permanency
of the club, with its 300 members and
n long waiting list, and the general
impression that the clut) had-outgrown
its headquarters. Although' the hotel
management had been most cordial and
generous with the club, still there was
a general desire among members for
a home of their own.
This called forth a clever little speech
from John McNaught and a brace of
resolutions from Edgar Peixotto giv
ing the directors power to double the
dues and to find a suitable home with
the increased revenue.
After some discussion the matter
was decided upon, and before many
moons the Sequoia will be a house
holder of its. own. with its own latch
key.
After the momentous question had
been disposed of an excellent brew of
punch was served, with which the suc
cess of the directors in their hearth
stone search was drunk with many
orisons. v
Among the guests were noted: James
D. Phelan, Mrs. Elizabeth Gerberdlng.
Mr. and Mrs. Edgar Peixotto, Mr. and
Mrs. Mark Gerstle, Mr. and Mrs.
Frank Matthieu, Mr. and Mrs. H. Mc-
Donald Spencer, Miss Frances Jolllffe,
Royden Williamson, Lloyd Lownes, Mr.
and Mrs. John McNaught, Mrs. Fer
nando Pflngst, Miss Bertha Lee
Stringer, J. Whltten Hicks, Miss Kath
erine HitteU Mr. and Mrs. Keatinge.
Miss Keatinge, Miss Agnes Lowry. Mrs.
Ella M. Sexton, Mr. and Mrs. M. C.
Hassett, Barnett Franklin, Miss Glea
son, Mrs. Ermentine Long, Miss Elinor
Croudace, Mrs. Croudace, Miss Mary
Bell, Slgnor Ventura, Miss Anna
Strunsky, Miss Strunsky. Dr. Max
Strunsky, Mr. and Mrs. Sidney Van
Wy.ck. Dr. and Mrs. Langley Porter,
Mrs. Oscar 1 Mansfield, Mr. and Mrs/
McCullough.J. R. Smith, Miss Ednah
Robinson, « Miss "Jenne Morrcfw Long,
Mr. and Mrs. T." Stewart '"Bbwens.
AN EXPOSITION OF
FURNITURE ART
Magnificent Wares Adorn Jos. Fred
ericks & Co.'s Magnificent
New Store.
What is more attractive than a new
store? — a store resplendent with rare and
beautiful wares and graced with that
indefinable beauty of architecture, char
acteristic of the establishment of an en
terprising merchant, who believes that
an elegant stock deserves an elegant set
ting. .::--•■
When the doors of Joseph Fredericks
& Co/a new establishment were opened
a store and a stock of surpassing beauty
were revealed to the public. From the
first floor's resplendency of magnificent
woods and. exquisite carvings to the top
most story's great collection of floor cov
erings and draperies there is beauty and
taste and elegance everywhere.
For over forty years the name of Fred
ericks has been associated with that
which is most worthy in all that per
tains to furniture and furnishings. And
so only those wares which are stamped
with merit and beauty are displayed in
this vast showhouse of furniture art
As you enter the building from Ellis
street the eye beholds a magnificent col
lection of dining-room furniture, involv
ing all the different styles and periods
so tastefully arranged that the mere in
spection of so superior a stock is a
pleasure. '
•There are. Bupcrb dining-room seta
some of sturdy character, beautifullv
carved; others simple in design and ar
tistic of execution in the most popular
finishes. All the woods are represented —
the quiet toned oaks, the elaborate ma
hogany and birdseye maple.
In the gallery you will find a splendid
assortment of offlce furniture and chairs.
To the business man or student this dis
play will be of unusual attractiveness,
offering as It does a/V erv complete line
of the best office appurtenances. As the
visitor Journeys by elevator to the next
floor he wonders what new charms await
him; and it may be safely asserted that
there is no assortment of bedroom fur
niture so complete and beautiful as that
which occupies the second story of Fred
ericks. Everything there Is meritorious
and fashionable, ranging from the plain
to the most artistic.
- Next you find yourself marveling at
the beauty of the drawing-room furni
ture on the third floor. Not only are the
best modern ideas exemplified in this in
comparable collection.' but the styles of
the different periods are reproduced with
the minutest regard to detail.
The visitor's first impression ' of the
fourth floor Is a vast area of color, for
here is assembled the finest assortment
of floor coverings in the city. From end
to end of this great area a»e to be found
all the most beautiful specimens of the
finest carpets and rugs gathered from
the different countries of the world.
• The rug collection offers almost every
quality and make, from the gorgeously
intricate Oriental designs to the restful
toned rug ofuhe American producer.
Last but not least are the drrfperies
and wall papers. Here are to be found
rare and beautiful styles.
As one reviews his v^sit to this splen
did store it seems difficult to.compre
hend how so much of the best work of
the world can be gathered under one roof.
Yet here Is where the years of experi
ence and skill of this firm have reaped
rich rewards. Tried and expert buyers
of every department have been through
out the world, searching for the things
which help to make, the home beautiful
and attractive. ■ ■ • -
The people VQt San Francisco and vi
cinity are indeed fortunate In having the
new store ready for .their Christmas
shopping, for a more tasteful and varied
stock, particularly appropriate for gifts,
could not be imagined. Ifis desired by
Joseph Fredericks & Co. that every one
will become acquainted with their new
store its location, and for that end
a cordial invitation is extended to all to
visit and examine the new store at; 3«
to 50 Ellis street, near Market, where
every courtesy and attention will bo
shown. ' ' ' ' -
i LECTURE >ON ' . NEW ZEALAND.— New
Zealand. • the : land of, wonders, natural. . social
and political, will be. th e subjectof a lecture,
illustrated with Btereoptlcpn views, by T.-W.
Glovex. of New: Zealand- In Hamilton Square
Bantlaf Cljurcb to-night. Free- admission.
CHAMBERLAIN
GIVEN A RAP
Henry Campbell-Banherman
Scores the Leader of the
English Tariff Movement
BITTER PERSONALITIES
Former Colonial -Secretary
Accused of Taking Far
Too Much Upon Himself
LONDON, Dec. 20.— The political
campaign of education in fiscal affairs,
which is now being vigorously carried
on throughout the United Kingdom by
both parties, while affording little that
is new In proposition or argument,
shows evidence of Increasing acrimony
and more personal feeling between the
leaders. Chamberlain, in addressing a
public meeting in the, East End, hit out
even more sharply than usual, and
showed no little feeling In reference to
Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman, the
former Liberal leader in the House of
Commons, who had said of Chamber
lain, "At least he might try to be a
gentleman." ' '
Sir Henry to-night mads a speech In
the same hall and before an audience
equaling in numbers and enthusiasm
the one addressed by Chamberlain. Ha
dwelt at the outset at some'length upon
the subject of the unemployed of Lon
don, which now threatens to become a
serious question, and advocated that
the Government at once inaugurate
large works and thus benefit the state
and at the same time afford employ
ment to thousands who are threatened
with Starvation. Sir Henry then began
a reply to Chamberlain, and said:
"It Is not these who are forever
mouthing the word 'empire' and using
that word to cover, their own shady
acts and their own policies who are the
best friends of the empire."
Continuing, the speaker challenged
Chamberlain's right to speak for the
colonies, and asserted that Chamber
lain spoke only for himself and his
tariff commission; but the self-govern
-ing colonies had not authorized him
to speak In their name.
Sir Henry Campbell - Bannerman's
speech largely followed the lines of
his previous utterances, though it was
adapted to an audience composed of
typical • residents of the East End.
POWER PLANT
FOR GOLDFIELD
Big Electric Project Now
Taking Shape for Develop
ing Kich Mining Claims
A^ million-dollar electrlo light and
power ' service for Tonopah, Goldfield
and the neighboring mining camps of
{Nevada is the latest enterprise planned
for those rich sections of the Sagebrush
State. It was learned yesterday that
the recent presence at the Palace Hotel
of Tasker Oddie. the millionaire min
ing man of Tonopah, and several
wealthy men from Denver, was in con
nection with this project
It is proposed to establish an electrlo
plant on Bishop Creek in Eastern Cal
jlfornia, about ninety miles from Gold
| field, Nev., where the generation of
the power will be accomplished and
transmitted to the mining district,
across the State line.
The surveys for the power line have
already been made" and' the work of
construction on the plant will begin
j In a few days. Interested in the com
j pany, beside Oddie, are Charles F. Pot-
I ter, a capitalist; Rodney Curtis, a
j tramway magnate of Denver; G- S.
I Wood, who represents Millionaire
i David Moffatt of Denver; Clarence
Hobbs and Frank J. Campbell, also
prominently identified with Colorado
enterprises.
Hobbs is now at Bishop superintend
ing the preliminary work. Throueh his
efforts the syndicate has secured wa
ter rights on Bishop Creek capable of
furnishing from 3000 to 6000 horse-
I power. It is also reported that during
his recent visit to Tonopah Dr. Ward,
j brother-in-law of Millionaire Charles
.! Schwab, who owns the Tononah Ex
tension mine, gave Oddie and his asso-
I elates assurance that Schwab would
• contribute a share of the necessary
capital for the promotion of the elec
tric power and lighting project.
The completion of the power service
will be hailed with great satisfaction in
i the Nevada mining camps, to which it
will mean a great aid in the develop
ment of the properties. It Is also ex
pected that the establishing of the
j plant will result In the building of an
j electric road into Goldfleld and thence
to Tonopah.
FRIENDS SAYS FAREWELL
: ££Z TO PRESIDENT LAWSON
Members of St. Andrew's Society Give
a Dinner to Their Retiring
Associate.
Y. C. Lawson, the retiring president
of St. Andrew's Society, who soon de
parts for New York, to where the of
fices of Wells-Fargo are tl> be removed,
was the recipient of a farewell dinner
at the Palace Hotel last evening, given
by John McLaren and twenty other
prominent members of the society. The
guest of honor listened to many ex
pressions of regret from those present
over his leave taking and in turn as
sured . those* who sat about him that,
while he was soon to sever the pleasant
social relations existing between the
members of St. Andrew's Society and
himself, distance would not in any .way
affect his regard for his local associates
of many -years or lessen his love for
■ . .. -
No Charge for Gold
Lettering on pocketbooks, wrist bags,
cameras, traveling, sets, valises, dress
suit cases, bill books, letter cases and
other fine leather goods purchased at our
store. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market St.*
Entertain Tivoli Company.
The Press Club grave, an, informal
reception in their clubrooms last night
to the members „ of the Tivoli opera
company. It was tendered as a com
pliment to the artists of the Tivoli
\vho played such, a prominent part in
the club's benefit: at the Tivoli last
week. Music, recitations, songs and
dancing were the order . of the even
ing. : •
A dream) of pleasure, tl^e new two for
quarter size American, $2 75 box 25. *
FALL RIVEIt, Mass., Dec. 20.— At meetings
held to-day five textile unions voted In favor
of the proposition to submit the labor troubles
Involved in , the long pending: strike to arbitra
tion.
REGAL SHOES.
No Better Gift Than This"
S^- Regal SHOETC'oJfscr"
IS! Deliver to *-^flfc Jfayt^fJlau'&i • or order fe
m On e Pai r &ho-a& 11
■ . •
FOR a common-sense, practical, sure-to-be- wanted
Christmas gift, there's no beating a pair of Regal
shoes. And here's a common-sense, practical way of
giving thent.
You can buy these Regal Certificates in any
Regal store (or by mail) for $3.50 each, the invariable
Regal price. Just fill out and send. No bother, no
risk, no further charges.
The Certificate is good for a pair of Regal shoes fitted to
the feet and in any style the recipient may select. And in
those- two features, fit and style, the Regal shoe stands
supreme. The style-choice is from seventy-five models-
duplicates of this season's custom-made; productions; the
fitting is from 288, variations of size and width in each style,
including the quarter-sizes, a Regal feature exclusively, as
■' accurate as a custonvmaker's.
No chance whatever of wasting your gift — the certificates
are good until used and are therefore certain to be used.
Sen'd for Style BpoB. Hail; Orders Promptly F 11 1*4
' Sold direct from tannery to consumer. The lareaat ratal! aboa buataaaa ia
tit*. world. 8O ttorea In principal cltlea tromXondoa to San fnociKj.
■ MSN'S STOKES ' C nn Ffflfirtcrn WOMEJI'S STOKS
Cor. O«ary and Stockton Sta. 5an TanCISCO Cor . 0^^,! Stockton St«.
34-52 Elli* Street Oakland Stors, 1010 Broadway 34-53 Ellis Street
HOSTILE BANDS
RUN TO EARTH
But One Group of Moros Now
Defies the Authority of
Americans in the Islands
WASHINGTON, Dec. 20. — General
Wood, commanding the Department
of Mindanao in the Philippines, In his
annual report to the War Department,
says that the troops of the depart
ment have been In the field a greats
portion of the year quelling' armed
uprisings and preventing slave-trade
and kindred abuses. He, says that in
almost every Instance aptual fighting
■was Initiated by 'the Moros. " He adds:
Conditions among the Moros throughout th«
department are renerally peaceful. The estat>
liphment of civil - s;overnment and th« ex
t«nsion over them of certain laws and regula
tions have caused some excitement and at
times serious resistance, especially the law
prohibiting slavery. In some sections active
hostility has been engendered by our presence,
especially In the Lake Lanao region, whera
almost constant murderous attacks on work
lugtnen and soldiers were the rule until tha
effects of the recent expeditions to the Tarca
side of the lake, combined with expeditions
to other sections of the Lanao, were felt by
the Moros. I
The power of the Moros of that
section, he says, has been completely
broken. Continuing, the report says:
la Jolo affairs are quiet. The prompt crush-
Ing of Hassan's uprising has made a deep
impression on the people, and the abrogation
of the Bates agreement has done much to
bring to an end the unfortunate conditions
which existed under It. *
Dato All's party, the report adds, is
the only band of Moros now openly
hostile and It is small and Is being'
followed by troops and scouts. Gen
eral Wood says it is believed there
•will not be any very serious resistance
of authority by the Moros in the fu
ture, but there will be constant work
of a police character, requiring the
use of troops and constabulary.
ST. LiOUIS. Mo.. Dec. 20.-— Four Moorish
dancing girls more or less reluctant, and three
not so .unwilling Moorish musicians, all of
whom had been left behind In St. Louis when
the World's Fair closed, have been deported to
their native country.
"^ ._'__'_ 7:'\ _'■
pk GREAT'^G STORE At
I On the Corner; of Kearny and
§ . wfldrwnsmo v&reets* ,4*^^^ \
jil Pure Silk Hemstitched Reefers, 95c
HI Fine Holiday Suspenders, each pair in a pretty
I! I box, 50c, 75c, $1.00, $1.25 and $1.50
III Fine Silk Neckwear, 19c, 25c, 50c and $1.00
||| Dress Shirts, 50c, 95c and $1.50 '
llj Silk Initialed Japonette Handkerchiefs, box of I
|ii Children's Buster Brown Sweaters $ 1 and $ 1 .50 9
HI Pajamas and Nightshirts. from 50c to $3.00 j
|j| Men's Kid Gloves, $1.00 and $1.50 . | '
lH Umbrellas for Men and Women from 48c to !
i|| Grips and Hand Bags from 50c to $5.00 |
!! Suit ases fr° m W -25 to $20.00 I
lj| Christmas Money Will 1
If Do Big Work Here. |
JURY FIXING
IS ATTEMPTED
Federal Authorities Learn
of Efforts to Influence De
cision in Land Fraud Case
PORTLAND, Or.. Dec. 20.— It has be
come known that the Grand Jury.
which is Investigating the land frauds
charges, has been approached for the
purpose of influencing its decision. One
Juryman is known to- have been ap
proached and the manr/who did it ia
known to the Federal authorities. Tha
attempt was unsuccessful, so It 13 said.
It transpired that information is leak-,
ing from the jury room as to what la
taking place there. This would not be
serious if it did not indicate that it is
possible to get into communication
wi€h the Jury-
The witnesses before the Grand Jury
to-day were S. B. Ormsby, a former
forest ranger: Marie Ware; T. Jacobs,
one of the principal witnesses in the
first case, and Mrs. Emma L. Watson,
already convicted of conspiracy, who.
it is said, has confessed. Nothing la
known as to the nature of their testi
mony.
It Is thought that no announcement*
will come from the Jury until the last
of the present week. Saturday, accord
ing to present intention, the Jury will
adjourn until after .the holidays, when
it is expected that some very impor
tant indictments will be returned.
If Your Hand Could Talk
It would insist that you buy your fbun*
tain pen to fit it. Buy a "Waterman
Ideal" or a "Marshall $1.00 pen." and all
writing material of Sanborn, Vail & Co_
741 Market street. •
DAMAGES FOR ARIIEST.— A suit for $10,.
100 damages for malicious nrosecutlon waa
begun yesterday In the Superior Court by May
Mathena. against. I^ouia Parra. On November
4. the says. Parra caused her arrest oa *
ct>aree of rrand larceny. Sh# was taken to
the Seventeenth stre«t station and held torn
three hours when aha gave ball for her re
lease. When the case was tried she waa
acquIQed. Fisher Ames Is her attorney.CENSOR'S WORK
ALL IN VAIN
■ « i ;
Strips Pasted Over Objec
tionable Jokes in School
Taper by Faculty Kemoved
"JOSHES' 7 WIDELY BEAD
Action of Principal Hunt
Arouses Curiosity and Cre
ates Demand for Journal
Special Dlepatch to The Call
SAX JOSE. Dec. 20.— Late into last
eight Principal Hunt and the faculty of
the High School worked to hide the ob
jectionable"* Joshes" In "The Bell,"
the echool paper, so as to get the edi
tion mailed to-day. Strips of paper
were pasted over the offensive para
graphs. In nearly every home where
the publication was received the page
was at once steamed over the teaket
tle and the paster removed. This is what
one cf the young lady students at the
Echocl stated that she and all her
friends did, and the High School stu
dents are passing the lip around.
After reading the "Joshes" most of
the people side in with the students, as
the Jokes are believed to be harmless.
The censoring of the edition by the fac
ulty has created a large demand for the
issue.
Yesterday afternoon Principal Hunt
had the printers deliver the edition of
The Bell to the High School. This has
als-o caused some trouble. The pap«r
■was published at the instance of the
students and they are responsible for
the payment of the printing bill. They
hardly feel now as though they should
be called upon to settle the bill when
the faculty has taken and mutilated the
number.
There Is Always Something: New
An ice i:r.;; ana snapes oi our pretty
boxes cf writing papers. We have just
received some new shipments that are
far prettier than have come out before,
but the prices are not a bit higher. San
bom. Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CHILDREN'S
HOSPITAL
■
Donation I
Days j
DBcember22, 23 and24 \
Donations of money
and supplies thankfully
received at* : : : :
114 POST ST. |
W. &. J. SLOANE &. CO/S.
■ - - • i
ASwoys.&emeraber the FgU JHyne
| axativo g^roiiSO
Ccres*ColdinOaeD3y i Cr$ux2 D«ys
®. s&*j£#rms%*0> box. 25c
OCEAN TRA\TEIi.
e£teaiser» of company, or
for which It la agent, leave
Pi«r« 9 and 11, £*n Fraa-
*For Ketchikan. WranteU
Jun«>au. Treadwell, Hainea.
£kEg'iay. etc., Alaska— 11 a.
m., Dec. 16. 21. 26. 31. Jan.
6. Change to thla company's
rtesrners at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver. Fort Townsend
Seattle. Taccir.a. Everett. South Bellingham
BeiliEKfcaro— 11 a. ra.. Dec. 16. 21. 26, 31. Jan. !
8. Charge at Seattle to this companr's Pt-am- I
«r« for Alaska and G. K. Ry. ; at Seattle or •
Taccma to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C.
P. By. ;
' For Eureka (Hnabcldt Bty)— Pomona. 1 :30 I
p. m.. Dee. IS. 24. SO. Jan. 8. Corona 1:30
p. m.. Dec. 15. 21. S7. Jan. 2.
Kcr I>os Anrelea (via Pert Le» Anrelea and
Redondo). £a.n Dieco and Farrta. B»rbara
Esnta Rosa. Sundays, 0 a. m. •
Ctate of California, Thursdays, 0 a. m.
For Lea Ar.reles (via San Pedro and" Eaat
Ban Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Crui. JJcn-
terey. San Slniecn. Cayucos, Port HarJord (San
l«l* Oblige). Veatora end Haeneme.
Bocita. S a. m.. Dec. 17. 2C. Jan. 2. ,
Coca Bay. 0 a. tn.. Dec. 21, 23. Jan 6.
For Knsenada. Mazdalfna Bay, San Jos* del
Oabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
Guayroas (Mez.). 10 a. tn.. 7th of each month.
. For further information obtain folder. Right
3s w"tH to chant* steamers or salllns; dates
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montpom-
ery st. 'Paiacc Hn<.l). 10 ilarket rt.. and Broad-
way wharves. Freight OSlee 10 Market tt.
C. D. DUNANX. Goners'. Passenter Agent,
10 Market St.. Pan Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter St.. will
call fcr and check be rear* from hotels' and
residency. Tflr^.hcne £zrhan^e 312. >
8. ■. for IXcr.olu!u. Samoa. Aack-
la=<J and Sydney. Friday. Dec. 23, 8 p. m.
5. F. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu, Dec. 31. 11 am
g. P. MARIPOSA, for Tahiti. Dec 31. 11 a. m.
LLrfUCEELSiEEOi Cl. ttts..Tttfci(fflCi6H !r-
Ui Irriai iZiLi 327 mm si. na 7. Pasll; \i
CCKPAG5IE GEKEEALE THAKSATLAKTIQUI.
DLKECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. ,^."
t-allltg «v«ry Thursday Instead of sfuY*;
.-tiurcay. at IV a. m.. from Pier
42. North River, foot of Morton at.
First class to Havre. (70 and upward. See-
«--ii.j class to Havre. ■ *4 o and apward. GEX-
i;i;AL AGEJwtY tX>K UXITEO STATES AND
CANADA. :H Broadway (Hudson buildicrJ
New York. J. F. FCCiAZI & CO.. .pacific Coast
As^nts. 5 MuMsomery avenue. San Kwr.clsco.
Ti'.keta *&'.d by all Railroad Ticket Agenta.
For U. S. Vav7 Yard and Valleio.
Himr. 11. J. CORCORAN leaves north end
J'frry \AAz-. foot of Clay St.. 10 a.m., 5:30
p.m.: Sundays. 10 a.m.. » p.m. Leave
Vallejo. A<Sen # « wherf. 7:15 a.m.." 2:30 p.m.;
S'lrxJayt. 7:1-" B.m.. 5 p.m. Fare 25c each way.
TIPER. ADEN. COODALL CO.
Fjsr.IT.'.S; ITaTy Yard and Valleio.
<-'tr». Otceial Frlsble. Monticello and Arrow,
9:45 a.m., 12,;J0 m.. 3:15 p.m.. <i p.m., 8:30 p.
si.: Sundays. ' P:i5 a.m., 12:30 nnon, 0 p.m.,
*:3G i« m. :". Leave VaHf Jo. 7 a.m.. U a.m.. 12:30
m.. 3:15 p.m. <*.V45 p.m. Saturday). « p.m.
Suxidayr. 7 iuv...- V a.m./ 3:20 pum.. fi p.ra.PJer
2. foot Missiog *t4- pbooe Meln 150S. HATCH
cnoa »--*■
GOLD RIDE TO VISIT BRITT
ENDS WITH HOT TIME
PHILOSOPHY QF- WARM-CLOTHES
Miss Vogt Reaches Logical Conclusion
BY' JAMES C. CRAWFORD.
Justice must Indeed be blind. Miss
N*orma Vogt declared, if it failed to
award both her end Miss Grace Dillon
something more than mere acquittal
as compensation fcr their arrest and
arraignment. For of all the police out
rages that ever were committed In this
city. Miss Vogt added, the incarcera
tion of herself and lady friend was the
worst. It might be pleaded that the
patrolman was less to blame than the
chauffeur who instructed him. but that
plea would not lessen the humiliation
to which she and Miss Dillon had been
subjected.
Then the spirit of justice personified
by Police Judge Mogan requested Miss
Vogt to narrate her grievance as lucid
ly as would be compatible ""with the
brevity necessitated by a congested
calendar.
"There ain't much in the story It-
Belf." she responded, "but there's a
whole lot in the way we were mis
treated. Me and Gracle are sitting in
our room and she says, 'Norma, I'm
getting the blues and if we don't do
something to drive 'em away I'll go
bughouse sure." Me, knowing what the
blues is, says, 'Well, klddo, how would
an' automobile ride hit you?' So she
says, 'Let's go to — " "
"You went riding in an automobile.
Then what?"
Miss Vosrt resented yie judicial im
patience by coldly remarking that if
she were not permitted to tell the tale
In her own way she would prefer to
abstain from telling it at all. To which
the bench retorted by asking her to cut
it as short as possible.
"Well, we goes and hires George
Bird's machine — he's the chaff, you
know— and the gentleman that owns it
says, 'Kids, if you're going out to see
Britt train you'll find it a cold ride,
and you'd better put these on,* and he
hands Grade the sweater she's now
wearing and lends me this overcoat
hanging on my arm. So we spins to
the. beach and has a couple of drinks
apiece to keep us warm and comes
back to Taylor and O'Farrell.
streets and I goes into * a coffee joint
to get something hot, leaving Gracie
in the machine at the <Joor, and when
I comes out she's • been pinched. — Is
that short enough for you?"
"Go on — what was she pinched for?"
"That's what I ask George and he
says he gets her pinched because she
refuses to take off the sweater right
there on the street and let him wear it.
So I says, says I, 'Well for the Lord's
sake, kid, are you crazy, getting her
pinched for that?' and he says, 'She'b
a fresh guy, anyway,' and I says, 'If
there's a fresher guy than j-ou I'd—'"
"Then you were arrested?"
"The next thing I knows he gets me
pinched for talking to him, and when — "
"That's all — next witness."
Neither the next witness nor the wit
ness succeeding him said anything that
could be construed to convict either of
the defendants of any offense more
serious than free indulgence in lan
guage uncomplimentary to the chauf
feur and his forebears, so the case was
dismissed and justice vindicated.
Miss Dillon promised to return the
sweater to its owner as soon as she
could remove it without endangering
her health or giving a public exhibition,
and Miss Vogt said "You can take it
right now," as she tossed the overcoat
to the chauffeur.
In the personality of Charles Kneus,
classified as "bay pirate," there was
nothing suggestive of the dashing buc
caneer of romance. His garb was con
ventionally modest and his demeanor
slinking.
More than a twelvemonth ago the de
generate survivor of a once thriving in
dustry was caught in the act of pilfer-
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
<f j —r— Y »
will be open evenings
until Christmas. Careful selections
of Presents can be made after the day's
rush is ever. The store is always brik
lianitly lighted. The most prompt and
* interested attention is invariably given
to Patrons.- The variety of appropriate
Gifts is almost limitless • • ? ? ? ? ;
fHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY-: 21, 1904.
ing hides from a wharf warehouse at
the Fotrero, but he escaped by leaping
into his long, low, rakish, craft and
sculling into a heavy fog. Not until
last Monday was he again seen at his
old haunt. Patrolmen Buckley and
McSorley were his captors and Judge
Fritz gave him six months.
Park Patrolman Kavanagh described
Edward Smith and John Kennealy as
"bushwhackers," and when Judge Mo
gun lequested a. definition of the term
he was informed that "bushwhacking"
consists of blackmailing as it is prac
ticed by operators who make the city's
great playground their theater of oper
ation. It was the wont of Smith and
Kennealy, the officer further .eluci
dated, to crouch behind benches upon
which were seated two persons of dif
ferent sex and there to listen and sub
sequently endeavor to utilize tu their
own pecuniary advantage such compro
mising remarks as might come from
the unsuspecting couple to their hear
ing. The wooer who breathed soft
nothings in the ears of his inamorata
little suspected that mental notes were
being made c-f his language, and that
secrets intended for her alone were be
ing reserved for Intimidatory purposes
by the eavesdroppers.
As neither of the defendants could
give satisfactory explanation of how he
obtained a livelihood by means other
than "bushwhacking," both were pro
nounced guilty of vagrancy and re
manded for sentence.
Patrolman Ruggles had heard- of a
game termed "the devil among the
tailors," and he was reminded of it
when he entered the sartorial estab
lishment on Mission street at which
William Cohen and Max Fenler were
employes. The shop was in uproar
occasioned by the rude and'boisterous
behavior of Mr. Cohen, who filled the
satanic role. He had battered the
face of Mr. Fenler and seemed to be
so maddened by rage that there was
no knowing where his mania might
stop, a fact appreciated by the other
persons present, all of whom, includ
ing a woman, were much terrified. So
the officer pitted his prowess against
that of Mr. Cohen and after a brief
struggle had him subjugated. Arrest
followed, the charge being battery.
Testimony showed that workshop
gossip was at the bottom of the Ber
serk performance. Mr. Cohen had
broadly hinted to some of his fellow
knights of the needle that Mr. Fenler
was not a proper person for gentle
men to associate with, inasmuch as
his Lotharian propensities led him
into questionable places and situa
tions. These bits of tattle reached
Mr. Fenler's ears, of course, and he
hastened to tax Mr. Cohen with ma
licious libel, but did not proceed fur
ther in the way of rebuke, Mr. Cohen
being his superior in physical devel
opment. Mr. Cohen, however, did not
accept the "call down" in the spirit
anticipated by its author, for he in
stantly proceeded to asasult Mr. Fen
ler and his rage waxed apace with his
fistic exercise until the shop was
transformed into the pandemonium
described by Patrolman Ruggles.
Judge Mogan afforded Mr. Cohen
full and free opportunity to prove dis
paragement of Mr. Fenler's character,
but all the witnesses . produced by
him — including the tailoress afore al
luded to — absolutely failed to furnish
corroboration of his charges. Then
he pleaded excess of anger as his ex
cuse for attacking Mr. Fenler ami re
sisting the officer, but the Judge In
formed him that bad temper Is no
more mitigatory of law breaking than
is drunkenness and remanded him for
sentence to-day.
Police Captain Duke -was in plain at
tire as he strolled along Hinckley alley
and leisurely surveyed the domiciles
therein contained, with a probable view
to having his geography correct If a
raid should be ordered. While thus en
gaged he was hailed by Miss Maud
WILL CONSIDER
ALL PROTESTS
Senator Bard Wires That No
ImmediateAction Will Be
Taken on Bridge Question
KESOLUTIONS EECEIVED
Fate of Proposed • Structure
Across Carquinez Straits
in Colonel Heuers Hands
Sceclal Dispatch to The Call
] Dec. _ 20.— W. J.
Smith, secretary, of the committee' of
the Sacramento ; | River Reclamation
District Trustees, this afternoon re- 1
ceived a telegram from United States'
Senator Thomas R. Bard, now at
Washington, with reference to' the pro
posed Southern Pacific drawbridge
over Carquinez Straits. Smith had
wired to Washington a set of resolu
tions adopted by the Reclamation Dis
trict Trustees; .protesting against the
approval of the drawbridge plans by
the "War Department and declaring
such a brjdgela menace to navigation
and as , thireatoking , to raise the flood
plane of - : the. river. -. Senator Bard's
telegram Is as^follows:
"WASHINGTON*. Dec. 20, 1904
W. J. Smith, secretary Trustees* Reclama
tion District, Sacramento, Cal.: Chief En
sineer MacKenzle Informs me that the plans
for the bridge over the Carquinez Straits were
referred November 25 to Colonel W. ! H. Heuer
and no action will be taken until all protests
shall be fully considered.
THOMAS R. BARD. J
GIRD ALLOWED TO VOTE
ILLEGALLY IN COLORADO
Young; Woman Not Yet 18 Years of
Arc Permitted to Cast Ballot
in Denver. \
DENVER, Dec. 20. — The Supreme
Court to-day heard testimony on the
contempt charges against Isaac Gold
man and Ed Sweeney for their part in
the election in Precinct 3, Ward 4,
this city. This precinct is the original
"Green Count," from which in 1903
720 votes were returned, one more
than the total registration, and all but
eight for the Democratic ticket.
Matt G. Root, a Supreme Court
watcher, testified that Goldman and
Sweeney, who were election judges, al
lowed many persons to vote who were
not properly registered. He said thai
a girl not over 18 years of age was
permitted to cast a ballot after her
vote had been challenged, although the
name she gave (Marie French) was
not in the registration book.
The court ordered the ballot box
opened this afternoon. Expert' Hanna
will make his report on the contents
to-morrow.
COLORADO FARMERS WILL
AID THE POOR OP IRELAND
Will Give Potatoes to Starving Peas
ants If Transportation Can
lie Arranged.
GREELEY, Colo., Dec. 20.— Mayor
H. C. Watson issued a call to-day for
a mass-meeting on Saturday*-. next to
consider a; proposition to donate, a
large quantity of potatoes to the-starv
ing people of Ireland. Similar meet
ings will be held at Longmont and
Fort Collins. " It is believed the farm
ers of Northern Colorado will con
tribute several hundred carloads of
potatoes if transportation can be ar
ranged for. The Government will be
asked to supply a transport to carry
the potatoes from Galveston to Ire
land.-
DIRECTOR OF MISSOURI
BANK DIES OF WORRY
Cashier of the Institution Recently
Found to Be Seventy-Eight Thou
sand Dollars Short.
ST. LOUIS. Dec. 2D. — llenry D.
Meyer Jr., one of the directors of the
St. Charles, Mo., Savings Bank, the
cashier of which, Anton F. Mispagel,
was recently found to be $78,000 short
in his accounts, died during the night
in St. Vincent's". Asylum.
Meyer had worried very much since
the shortage was discovered. He had
become surety to the depositors' in the
sum of $10,000.
Did You Ever Stop, to Think
What a pleasure it is to look at pretty
photographs? Get a camera and . take
the photographs yourself. We have cam
eras from 'SO cents up. - Films.- papers,
printing and developing. Sanborn, Vail
& Co., 741 Market street. •
A liny Orders.
WASHINGTON, Dec.'. 20.— Private
Bruce \V. Burchnell of Company E,
Twenty-first Infantry, at the Presidio
of San Francisco, is discharged from
the army by the commanding officer of
his station for the convenience' of the
Government. " _ '
Don't Give Trash.
Give her. a Light Running Domestic,
the sewing machine for the home. Do
mestic Co., 1021 Market st., near 6th. •
Gipheart , of pronounced brunette . com
plexion, jvho said in bantering tone: -
"Lawkrs alive, hon; ef yo' ain't ,de
mos fashernable gen'lem'n dese yah
eyes ob mine hab rested on fo'. a long
time. Whyfo*. yo' promuladin' 'long
heah, chile? Gwine ter buy da houses
en den burn -.'em up jes' ter 'joy . de
blaze- W'afll yer give fo' dis yah res
erdence ob mine, Mistah Rockumfeller
er Mistah Mohgan er Mistah Cahnegie.
or wha'ebah yo' name am? Yo' kin
buy um cheap, kase Ise kwine ter move
ter Pacific Heights, dis yah neighb'hood
bein' mos' too yulgah fo'. me. '
Thus did Miss Gipheart- indulge in
airy persiflage at the captain's expense
until he deprived her of breath". by dis
playing his badge of authority and In-'
forming her that she had fractured an
ordinance prohibitory « of peace dis
'turbance. Two patrolmen took her to
prison, and Judge Cabaniss fined her
jio.-.-- -^V-V^vw
I • • • * .-.'.--
Arthur F. Smith has the distinction
of being the first person arrested in ac
cordance with j Chief Wlttman's' ukase
that thecity must be purged of mascu
line dependents upon the bounty of
fallen women. He was arraigned before
Judge Mogan,, but asked' for and. was
granted a continuance until Saturday,
when, he declared, he will have wit
nesses to prove that-until recently , he
was employed in < a laundry. The ar
resting policeman then said he will ;be
equally 7 ready to prove that \ for- several
months the defendant has been a mem
ber in high standing of \ the most de
spicable class cf this community.'
i "It behooves you, Mr. ■ Smith." said
the Judge, ; "to obtain : all ithe reliable
character testimony you can rake up,
for if you fall to upset the officer's alle
gation I'll . send you to jail -for six
months. , This , department , is - in thor
ough sympathy with the: latest police
crusade/ arid will sentence to 4the:ex
treme Mmit every .fellow convicted -of
the J;< offense with which you are
charged.". ... • .. ...
IMMENSE HOLIDAY CROWDS AT PRAGERS
Christmas Cards andf == There \A/ill Be / T Candies
(Main Floor) ' : "SOlilCffiinjf ' DoIUQ" An ' excel lenT'assort-
l ','■/' W^ • Tc»+ Dnanonc - .. mcnt of Lowney's Can-
I^L rY\C& ai-rragerS' lcs% pac kcd in" holiday
/3 I llvC jhj s Morning and Every Morning This Week boxes -
For the remainder of this From 8:30 until" noon: thereafter until closing hour the 4 . - .. fl ; r- MT ,As
■ we !i k al . , °J our , beautlful usual shopping inducements will be given. _ A of th K p ?,SS* F "th..
cards will be on sale at one- """. °^ «#•// i „ v r- ' c ■ „ *-. ~l .. , Candy, may be had at this
half their regular price. (This Store trill Be Oien Every trenng Until Christmas) department at little money.
WOMEN'S HANDKERCHIEFS and COLLARS HOLIDAY LIQUOR SPECIALS-
(Main Floor) - ' : • - - ■ ■ (Fourth Floor) 5«
These are among, the choicest of the ° n Sals To-Day «nd » hursday. If]
, ,.j * ■ tl • i u- -•••■■■ "Dollar" Whiskey—The great Kr? >
holiday oftenngs. The prices make bargains featurc of jm
of' them. will be a sale of thc famous fei$f.
»t j, u- r * if ,• • * j • " ' i! 1 "Dollar" Brand of hi^h-cradc .
Handkerchiefs— All pure linen, with a dainty hem- ... T . ,. fe h . 'iU^3
stitched border-in one corner there is a neat- whiskey. It sells everywhere J^Sm
}y embroidered design mounted with a tiny in- at 5ioo a bottle. To-day and >i#23&8
itial; they come half-dozen in a pretty QQ*. Thursday, while quan- £ Q Bffi^l^
fancy box; worth $1.25; special at O7C tity lasts, a bottle. .. QQQ SSSsfu
Handkerchiefs-All pure linen withValenciennes lace | Sauterne or RiesUng— Extra holiday wines— Q 2-
msertion at the corners and edged all around with ! gallon ... OOQ
a dainty lace to match. Worth 25c; spe- I/?** t» «t_ » ,. V.
cial at. I O3C Port, Sherry, Angelica, Tokay or Madeira— C£\-
„ .. . . . __ . . _. _ . . ? , -. Very old;- gallon $1.50— bottle JUC
Handkerchiefs — Made in Sheer Swiss and embroid- _ _. , _ _ ,, ■ _ _
ered with hemstitched or scalloped edges. OC^ Sweet Cider— Best Eastern— gallon 'U^C
These are worth 35c each. Special at.... fc*/t • '* /u
'Coilars-A "round collar, made of black Brussels Rock and Rye-Crystallized, for coughs andTO-
•; net, closely studded with small black glossy-span- cows— bott.e «^V/w
. gles. This collar is 7 inches deep an d;iCC/» Whiskey — Old Globe — straight goods — d*«J 4 f\
worth $1.00; our holiday special is .'. .- OJL 1 gallon 3?jL» 1 \J
Collar —^This is a circular collar that is very stylish Whiskey — McBrayer or Keller — 9 ff? OC
for coats. It is made of Point Venise lace-in years old— gallon 4?*/»<£*/
Grecian and Teneriffe designs. It is Qjnches Bcst Firkin Creamery Butter— special from 9
deep, and champagne color. Worth tf -f /)/) 13 o'clock noon until closing hour to-day 91 1
$1.50; special at 4/ 1 •1/1/ - : * a j^ £. I C
WOMEN'S FELT JULIETS. 7 - $1.75 CHILDREN'S FUR SETS, 98c .
(Main Floor) „ ; (Second Floor)
■■■0, This is a special holiday pffering ■ in , Thcsc furs consist of whhe Angora Scts
<1, V CW t? Women s Felt Juliet d importcd specially for the holiday
i&glssSS, shppcrs. They are without doubt the ™ v ' , . - , .... ..%
lW$m best bar s ain * we have offered this season : herc 1S , nothing the children will
season. They are fur trimmed, and appreciate more than a set of them. rhey
come in colors of red and black, arc ar e made, very stylish' and just the thing
made of fine soft felt, and have seam- for a cold winter day. Thc price
less front, hand-turned soles and low As so low that thev are in the O Cf if*
leather heels. They make a very reach of pverv one Snecial
suitable holiday gift. Spe- gC^ • * 't^ \^ V
. . cial price . I JjL P nce •
BOYS' CLOTHING SPECIALS I BATH ROBES AND SMOKING JACKETS
_ (Second Floor) (Main Floor)
The boys will be glad of this opportunity Smoking - Jackets — {*%
to get a fine Christmas outfit; parents will These jackets are made f*. ?
welcome the chance to save money. °/ Golf Cloth, fancy K Zj<.
Stiff Bosom Shirts— With cuffs to match] These mere's°?n shades of bhie" S*f$£fr?\
-shirts are made of the very best Percale-regular ISd'. W^MM
price 50c; special for to-day and the re- ?© r | re J n and ' olive Thc ;j|#^iA
maindcr of this week. JOC , ines arc just as CQm . M&ffidft&A
Tarn O'Shanters— A new line of Auto Caps. Tarn plete now as earlier in VtJnF VJj'fSV
O'Shanters in all colors; a very accept- CO f)() thc season. Our prices •£&&*
> able Christmas gift. From 50c to 4?«fc.V/|/ are one-third less than £;-'| ' ... \2C/j
Neckties — A splendid assortment of all the latest the values. £.•* '' \ •_ :-■,$&*
styles in boys' neckwear. Our prices. C/l~ ■ «_ __
range from ioe to .... JVC $3.89, $4.85, $6.85, 1BJP(9
Percale and Madras Shirts — Made of the very best $7 35 and $8 50 Ww'^ ■■
quality ,pf,material--allflOf ! our $1.00 and £E/> *••«/«/ «»u ju.jv.
$1.25 shirts, on special sale at O*IC Bath Botn — Consisting of Eiderdown. Crashes and
D ftm > Qi«t«_«V^1v^t "Rncter Rrnun " Vrtrfr.1t I Terry Cloth, as well as Imported French Flannels:
Boys isuits — velvet, tfuster Brown, .Norfolk, they arc cu t 60 InchM i ong and w inchesl wide; some
•-"■• Russian and Blouse effects. They come ' ;.i have hoods, others collars. They are all finished with
'^ black, brown and blue. There is a^wide: variety- ' heavy rope girdle at waist and cords at the neck. Qur
to make "your selection from. Prices <T 4 /I fifk pr ces are— ■ \
.rdnge from $500 to J ' ■: i . $4.85, $5.85 and $6.85. ■
•Lunch in our I w p ". rl *~ A^ ' B 7 rS^JS^n Pictures,
~\ " B. o 1 a e r ■— TBi tJ s pretty vicl'pr •*■«-»
/Cafe I « E »"»T r P '. d - JrltTt^'l^t^i* %sh';3 p*?*- <■"<>
,.& « 391' %7P U'L r ! y -: ; .,T.-. B. nl L,M.r
XaJE W^611S-^ f£s ' J^^r^ • ' PivC~S 131- •/ • r
' A special 8^ (I/ aiwTbeliable ?&?JWn*?d M
PERSONAL.
J. C. t Goodrich of Seattle is at the
California.
-T. J." Field, Monterey banker, is at
the Palace.
4 W. II. Dickson of Salt Lake is at the
Occidental.
Dr. J. - B. - Blackburn of Pescadero is
at thc Grand.
J. M. Walthall, Modesto attorney, is
staying at the Lick.
J. F. Bradlej'. a mining man of Gold
field, is at the Grand.
B. S. Hirsch, a business man of
Ukiah, is at the Lick. ' .
Mr. and Mrs. J. E. C. Comfort of
Mexico are at the Palace.
Dr. and Mrs. A. Behr of Pasadena are
registered at the Palace.
Peter . Musto, one of Stockton's
pioneer merchants, is the Grand.
Dr. and Mrs. Elmer E. Stone of Napa
registered at the St. Francis yester
day. ,
A. F. Furlong, who is engaged in the
timber business at Caspar, is at the
Grand.
j. J.Hanley, one of the leading mer
chants of "Nevada City, is a guest at
the Lick.-
Albert" E. Shell, the newly appointed
manager, of the Hotel del Monte, is at
the Palace.
■ John" T. : Gaftey, one of Los Angeles'
leading -Democratic politicians, is at
the Palace. .
"J. P. Parkinson, city «editor of the Se
attle .Post- Intelligencer, is visiting
friends m" this city.
John Kelshaw. Treasurer of San
Luis.Obispo County, is at the Occi
dental.Von his way to Sacramento.
N 'Among -yesterday's arrivals at the
Occidental was Colonel W. Forsyth, a
widely known raisin grower of Fresno.
'^Eddie -Gans. the well-known book
rrfakfir. and his wife arrived from the
Eastyssterday and are staying at the
St.' i Francis.
] > A dispatch from Los Angeles last
! night announced the - appointment of
former- Assemblyman .E. "VVfCamp to
the/ position of assistant general so
licitor, of- the Santa Fe road.
I 'E. E., Tucker, whose reclamation
! projects; in this State are well known,
I leaves Saturday for Ecuador, where he
•has accepted, a responsible position
I with the Guayaquil and Quito Rail
' rbad.r He expects to be absent two
years." —;
■ Emil'Brugruiere.the prominent young
San Francisco clubman, and his wife
returned .last from the East,
\vhere he was recently: engaged in pro
ducing one of his operas. They are
I Ftaying at the St. Francis.
i i A. P Luxton of Victoria, legal rep
• rVeentative of James Dunsmuir.who is
opposing the contest of his brother's
iwlll.'i -hast arrived from the north and
• is staying at the St. Francis. He is
| here" to represent Ws client in the tak
[ ing of depositions in the case before
the British Consul.
1 A. C.jFriburg, an attorney of Sioux
I City,, arrived here yesterday and is
; registercd : at the .Palace. He is here
i icr the Dtiroose ' of recel vine : the ra-
PRAGERS
mains of his . brotherrin-law. Joseph
Eiseman, whlcl"» are due to arrive on
the transport Thomas. Deceased was
a member of the army hospital corps
and died in the Philippines.
Californians in New York.
NEW. YORK, Dec. 20. — The follow
ing Californians arrived in New York
to-day:: -
From San Francisco— W. S. Gage?
at. the Algonquin; P. C. Houghton, at
the Martha Washington; S. S. Rob
inson, at the Algonquin;. Miss B. Sam
uels and Miss'J. Samuels.-at the -Bar
tholdi; F. Schutze, at the Belvidere;
F. Brown, at the Astor; W. F. Rittler
and wife, at -the New. Amsterdam.
From SanJose — L. R.- Hicks, at the
Navarre.. - - - .
Christmas Toilet Sets.
Toilet' sets In staghorn. celluloid and
fine leather cases. $1.00. $2.00. $3.00.
$4.00. $3.00,. $10.00 and $20.00 each. As
usual, we have the greatest variety and
the best ..values ■ of . grood things; also
hand, standing and triplicate mirrors for
handsome and useful Christmas presents.
Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •
Californians Enter Yale.
NEW HAVEN, Dec. 20. — The pre
liminary .catalogue of Yale University,
issued to-day, shows the following
California'; men in the new freshman
academic class: Charles Templeton
Crocker* of , San Mateo, James Cun
mngham'of San Francisco, William
Luther v Gay lord, of . Pasadena. Albert
Tenney Spaalding and Samuel Strong
Spaulding .'of Santa Barbara.
is tound the wnier
WITH THE CHRISTMAS ON THE
THRESHOLD NOT MUCH TIME IS
3*|j, LEFT TO SELECT XMAS GIFTS
J08jfiM$r. BEAUTY AND UTILITY GO TO FORM
%:fpH&ff'-- - THE . IDEAL PRESENTS WE OFFER
i''2fip'- : LAMPS, STEIN5, CUT CLASS, CHINA CLOCKS, ART
GOODS AND DEN GOODS
tfj f\\ * OPEN EVENINGS UNTIL C HBJSTMAS
'Sft^.i : *22zi32, SUTTERST V
DRINKING OK' WATER ADDS
TO WORK OF THE. HEART
Professor of Medicine Tells of the
- Evils From an Over
indulgence. .
NEW YORK. Dec. 20.— A paper
read before the New York County
Medical Association by a professor of
clinical medicine in' the New York
Polytechnic Medical School I on the
subject of water drinking has aroused
considerable discussion at the monthly •
meeting of the members. The profes
sor said:
The abuses of water drinhirtg are committed
by every one In his routine work. r-ual!y no
harm Is done, even though we fai! to achieve
the result* d»slred. But the contrary la trun
In thc not Infrequent cases where we add to
th» burdens of an already taxed heart and
circulation, ami where we thoughtlessly aug
ment thc embarrassments of organ* we arw
striving to relieve. ,
Most striking of all 1* the abuse of water
drinking In chronic nephritis. Patients require
no urging to drink as much a* possible. T .
doubt the efficacy of kidney flushing Is th«
rankest heresy. That- roo-1 might result from
reducing the dally amount of fluids to normal
quantities Is comprehensible.
In heart dl.vase the abuse of fluids la lesi
evident, but none the lew serious In Its cons*,
quencea. Every dron of water taken into tha
body means additional work for the heart.
EDWARD A. KEE RELEASED.— Dr. John
E. Gardiner, acting Inspector tn charge of the
Chinese bureau, was notified yesterday by th*
Immigration Department at Washington that
Edward A. Kee, who has been held on tire
Mongolia, was an American citizen and en
titled to.be landed. Kee could not ■ romember
who his father-was, except that .he- -always
called a CMnaman named Charley Ah Ke •
"papa." Charley U a Chinese Interpreter
employed by the Chinese bureau at St. L»:u : .« ,
He explained to the department that* he Sad
adepted the boy when he was a child.
A D VERTISEM ENTS.
56
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
"BABE" CURTIN NOT MAN
WHO KILLED BROWN
POLICE EFFORTS BALKED
Lose Hope of Making Arrest
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
10'€ Broadway, Dec. 20.
Anthony ("Babe") Curtin, who was
crrested In San Franc! sco on "sus
1/icion," is not the lone footpad who
has been operating in Oakland and
n-ho murdered Policeman George W.
Brown. Five Oaklanders who had been
held up and robbed within a week saw
Curtin to-day at the City Trison in San
Francisco, and each one of them was
positive that the prisoner was not their
assailant.
Detective Holland this morning es
corted tha five across the bay. They
were J. B. Duarte, residing at 409Vi
East Twelfth street; W. H. Britton, 815
Thirteenth street; Milton Buikeley, 541
Albion street; R. H. Bailey, 1307 Harri
son street, and M. C. Hersey. 316 Tv.en
ty-eecond street. Each of, the five had
excellent opportunity to observe and
converse with Curtin. They were unan
imous in their expression that he did
not fill the bill.
"With Curtin eliminated, the police
are absolutely without a" line upon
which to work. They have covered
every phase of the case and have gone
over the ground again and again with
out the sign of a clew to the stranger's
TO TEST THE
PRIMARY LAW
Socialists Would Stop Coun
cil From Calling Election
Under Present Conditions
Oakland office San Fancisco Call
1016 Broadway. Dec. 20.
An order directed to the City Council
to chow cause why it should not be
enjo'ned from calling a primary election
to be held January 31 was made
by Judge Melvin to-day upon the rep
resentation of M. Lesser, recent candi
date for Congress on the Socialist
ticket. It is contended in his statement
that the primary election law under
•which the call will be made is in viola
tion of the constitution of the State of
California of the United States. The
order was issued and made returnable
Friday, December 3.
Acting for the Socialist party it is
proposed by Lesser to test the validity
of the present primary election law and
to this end he will take an appeal 'to
the Supreme Court If necessary- It is
claimed that the constitutional provi
sion which requires a secret ballot Is
practically nullified by the present
primary law and Is a protest on the
part of the Emaller parties against
'what they deem the unjust effect of the
primary law upon their conventions.
Lesser as a taxpayer protests against
the expenditure of money for conduct-
Ing a primary election. So far every
primary election law has been declared
unconstitutional by the Supreme Court
and it remains to be seen if the present
one is an improvement upon its pre
decessors.
MAYOR INSISTS THAT
ALL SIGNS SHALL GO
XtfT>lies to Merchants' Objections by
Declaring That the City Should
Adopt Modern Methods.
OAKLAND, Dec. 20. — Major Olney
to-day issued orders to Chief of Police
Hodgkins to remove forthwith all
etreet and sidewalk signs of every de
scription that are maintained contrary
to law. Merchants have objected to
the Mayor's stand in the matter. In
reply his Honor said:
The fact that these figns have dlsfigurt-d
and obstructed streets and sidewalks for many
year* is r.o reason tvny the nuisance should be
continued. Oakland, it seems- to me. is big
enough to adopt a f*w modern improvements.
I do not know of any city of 1UO.OOO popula
tion v! >:•• such a littering of the sidewalks
would be tolerated.
Though there may be a temporary cry of
protest «Eair.st the removal of obstructing
sig-ni I am satisfied that It will not be long
before th* people will »ee the wisdom of the
change. Oakland is beyond the village rtage
and tt behooves our people to appreciate that
tact.
Ifusbjuuls Brought Into Court.
OAKLAND, Dec. 20.— Agnes Ander
eon/" wife of Joseph Anderson, man
ager of the Apollinaris Water Com
pany of San Francisco, was granted
'52.') a month alimony this morning by
Judge Me!vin pending the final dis
position of the divorce suit begun by
"her. . *--:
Judge Kllsworth issued a temporary
injunction to-day restraining Rasmus
Christofferson from disposing of any
oi the property belonging to him until
the decision of a divorce action begun
against him by Jansine Christofferson
has been decided.
The wife of Hugo Lindeman, a local
politician, has begun suit for divorce
Rjrainst him on the ground of his fail
ure to provide and intemperance.
Emelfre Paulovich has had a citation
issued directing her -former husband.
Stephen Paulovich of Alameda, to
ecme into court and show how he has
been caring for the two minor chil
dren. George and Frances.
ADVEirriSEMEXTS.
Headache
Nervousness. Dizziness. Indigestion, Xeu-
lalrla are caused by sick nerves.
By soothing: the nerves and stimulating
their action. Dr. Miles' Anti-Pain Pills re-'
relieve almost Smxm-dlately.
t'nlike any other pain remedy, they con-
tain nothing Injurious and you will never
know you have taken them except by the
relief they afford. ,
Dr. Miles'
Anti-Pain JPills
have become a household remedy In
thousands of families, where they never
fail to cure all pain and relieve" those
little -miserable ailments = which are so
common. •, ■
"Dr. Miles' Anti-Pain Pills have not.
only relieved me of severe headache nerv-
ousness and indigestion, but my mother"
•who has suffered a great deal •■ with neu-
ralgia and dizziness 'has been cured by
their use."— MRS. G..H..DANKS. 332
Mest Tnird etreet. Moorestown.N. J. -
The firrt package will benefit, if not, the
druggist will return your 'money.' -
ft doees. 25 cents. Never sold in bulK. '
identity. Chief of Police Hodgkins
confessed to-dry that the department
had exhausted Up resources in the hunt
for Erown's murderer. He said:
• We oen only sift and sift everything we hare
gatherM and continue to ceaich for cl«ws. If
this man we want Is ore of vbe professionally
criminal class there Is a possibility that In
time he may be arrested. All criminals have
a. weak s:de and it Is upon that failing: that
w» can sometimes win our point.
The murderer of Brown wa« a fugitive foot
pad and cf that we are positive. But beyond
that we know little abcut him. All evi
dence that has been collected. Including scores
of «t*terr<ents from many persons, will b«
carefully irranced and preserved tn case any
thing should turn up in the future.
The tenor of the Chiefs remarks was
plainly that the department had aban
doned all hoRe of capturing the mur
derer.
The Berkeley police have completed
their investigation of the renting of a
buggy from H. M. Waterbury's stable
en Sunday morning, but can rind noth
ins: tangible.
Delegations from the Odd Fellows,
Native Sons,. Carmen's Association and
the Police Department will take ?>art
to-morrow morning in the funeral <>f
P^'ceir-an Brown, which will be held
from Ft. Francis de Sales Church at
9:3U o'clock.
WANTS PUPILS
TO USE HANDS
Superintendent of Schools
McClymonds Urges Exten
sion of Manual Training
Oakland Office San Francisco Call
1016 Broadway, Dec. 20.
.T. W. McClymonds, City Superintend
ent of Schools, has made a plea to the
L : oard of Education for an increase
in the appropriation for manual train
ling in the public schools. In his an
nual report the Superintendent urges
that industrial training is holding the
nttention of educators the world over.
He declares that during th« last two
decades it has steadily advanced until
it occupies an important place In the
course of study in all well-conducted
schools.
New methods of handling children
alon^r individual lines are given atten
tion In the report. "The courses in na
ture study, comments Superintendent
McClymonds, have been productive of
excellent results. He asserts that par
ents testify to the benefits their chil
dren derived from awakened interest
in the gardens, fields, hills and water
courses. . • '•
Kindergartens are the subject of fa
vorable recommendation by Superin
tendent McCIymonds, who sees the
need of classes in every school in the
city. There are only two in operation—
cne -it the Tonipkins and one at the
Garflsld School. The Superintendent
reports that the school for the deaf as
conducted by the department has been
a success, the experiments having
proved satisfactory in every respect
In his remarks upon manual train
ing Superintendent McClymonda says:
Since the opening of the Polytechnic High
School, -when manual training- became a part
of the work of this school, the Oakland school
department has not been offering the grammar
jrrad's the advantages of manual training the
spirit of the age demands. . The pupil has the
right to be introduced to the industrial side
cf life through manual training In the
school*. Machines are doing much ef the work
formerly <1on»? by hand. Opportunities are no
longer affcrded in tiie homes for hand train
ins.. It I* thei'dutj' of the State to supply
this deficiency. The best time to acquire this
training' is in youth. The schools should fur
nish appliances and the opportunities for the
proper tiev»!opment of th« industrial instincts
of the children.
Superintendent McClymonds pointed
nut that one step forward had been
made by the favorable action of the
Eoard of Education on a recommenda
tion by its committee on industrial ed
ucation to install teachers of" sloyd
and domestic science in the Garfield
and the Tompklns schools.
SOUTHERN' PACIFIC PUTS . i 1 '
OX NEW OVERLAND TRAIN
Arranges With Rock Island for Addi
tional Service Between Chicago '
and , Los Angeles. . :
The Southern Pacific Company, ex
pecting a heavy traffic from the East
this winter,- has arranged with the
Rock Island road to run a new fast
train between Chicago and Los Angeles,
via El Paso, leaving Chicago commenc
ing Christmas day, and leaving Los
Angeles commencing December 30. This
train is in addition to the fast Golden
State limited. The new train will leave
Chicago 8:40 a. m., arriving Los Ange
les 6:30 a. m. of the third day, making
the actual running time seventy-two
hours.' East bound, the train will leave
Los Angeles at 12:10 p. m. and will car
ry a complete equipment of dining cars,
first-class sleepers, tourist sleepers,
and in addition a through touVist car
between Chicago and San Francisco.
Every indication points to an extreme
ly heavy movement to the coast during
the winter, months— in fact it has al
ready begun, as cars are coming to the
Southern Pacific from the East very
heavily laden. .
Fugitive Thief Arrested.
OAKLAND, Dec. 20.— Chief of Po
lice Hodgkins has received. word from
St. Louis that Fred J. Simmons,
charged with the theft of $1000 from
Whyte Grondoha last March in this
citj'. is under arrest there. The money,
which belonged to the Scavengers' As
sociation, liad been given to. Grondona
to care for until the association should
require It.; Simmons had the run of
Grondona'Si house, at Thirteenth and
Wood, streets and had seen the coin
in a trunk. He disappeared when the
money was missed and "was not heard
of until the advices were received to
day.
Tells Hold-Up Story.'
BERKELEY, Dec. 20. — Alfred To
bin, an expressman, • residing . at 2116
Center street, related to the firemen
at the North Berkeley fire engine
bouse last night a story of an encoun
ter with two footpads, , who ►; held • him
up at Rosa and Shattuck avenues, re
lieving him of $16. . Tobin declared
that. he, fought -with. the, footpads and
showed his torn clothing: as evidence.
The affair was not reported to Marshal
Kerns. ;_/. ■ _ .
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 21. 1904.
LIE IS PASSED
IN COURTROOM
Attorney Philip )M. Walsh
and W. S. O'Brieii Exchange
Compliments During Trial
RAPID FIEE OF WORDS
Late Political Opponents
Engage in a Tilt
During Damage Suit Case
Oakland office San Francisco Call.
1016 Broadway, Dec. 20.
A renewal of ante-election hostilities
seemed imminent this morning, when
Attorney Philip M. Walsh and W. S.
O'Brien, the man whom Walsh recent
ly defeated in the race for a seat- in the
Assembly, met in court, to try, a- suit
for damages brought by O'Brien
against Dr. S. II. Buteau. The lie was
freely passed, and for a time it seemed
as if the victorious candidate and his
late opponent would engage in com
bat." .'«-■.£>;,■• :.t C ■ V-
The suit brought by O'Brien against
Dr. Buteau was for injuries sustained
in a collision between a buggy driven
by the latter and a rig occupied by
Drs. Buteau and G. H. Liliencranz,
which happened on November 2, 1902.
O'Brien alleges that when his buggy
was struck by that of the defendant he
received injuries which will leava^ per
manent scars on his face and Jsody,"
and as a balm for his suffering and the
consequent disfigurement of his visage,
he asked damages in the sum of $299.
When the case was called for trial
to-day before Judge Geary, who oc
cupied the bench in place of Justice of
the Peace J. G. Quinn, O'Brien ap
peared as his own attor/iey. The de
fense was represented by Attorney Phil
M. Walsh. In the course of his testi
mony Dr. Buteau said that O'Brien ap
peared to be under the influence of
liquor at the time of the collision,, and
this remark provoked a storm. Leslie
Blackburn, who, was with O'Brien
when the accident happened, made
some personal remarks concerning
Walsh, and the He was passed several
times. «i-»'r~L
The difficulty was finally smoothed
over and as O'Brien desired time to
submit some authorities on the case,
Judge Geary took the matter under
advisement.
WILL. CELEBRATE THE
CLOSE OP SCHOOL DAYS
Grarftintingr Classes of Polytechnic and
Oakland High Schools to Hold
Exercises.
OAKLAND, Dec. 20. — The graduat
ing class of the Polytechnic High
School will hold exercises to-morrow
evenirig at £ Asse*nbly r H&fl, ChSbot Ob
servatory. • The programme Is as fol
lows;
Invocation.- Chorus — (a) "Ave Maria:" (b),
"Absence." Girls' Gle« Club, O. P. - H. S.;
speech. Rees Martin, class president; cornet
solo, "I Would That My Love," Frank. Hanly;
address, H. C. Capwell, . president of the
Board of Trade; vocal solo, "Storm' Wind."
William Robinson; presentation of diplomas.
Dr. W. J. Wllcox, president of the Board of
Education; Girls' Glee Club, O. P. H. S.
The graduating -class of the Oak
land High School will hold their clos
ing exercises at the same place on
Thursday evening, December 22. The
following programme has been ar
ranged:
March, orchestra; ln*-ocation. Rev. T. A.
Boyer, pastor of the First Christian
Church: address, J. II. Pond, principal Oak
land High School; selection. Girls' Glee Club:
student's speech. Miss Anita' de Laguna; ad
drts?. Rev. C. M. Hill, president • of Baptist
Theological Seminary of Berkeley; selection,
Girls' Glee Club; presentation of diplomas. Dr.
W. J. Wllcox, president of Board of Educa
tion. .'■•;■ - .
\VESTKK\- FUSE COMPANY
FAILS OF A NONSUIT
Must Defend Itself Upon a Charge of
Negligence Made by' Damaged
Residents of Melrose.
OAKLAND, Dec. " 20.^ — A nonsuit
asked" on behalf of the ..Western . Fuse
and Explosive Company in the suit
for damages brought against it by
reason of the Melrose explosion in
1898 was denied this afternoon by
Judge Ogden and it must proceed with
the trial and make its defense.
Attorney G. R. Lukens endeavored
to gain a nonsuit on the ground that
the case had already been twice
passed on by the Supreme Court. At
torneys Stanley Moore and Emll Nus
baumer, however, held that the point
they are now making has never been
passed upon. They allege that the
company by building a magazine,
without any protection in case of an
explosion, was negligent and Judge
Ogden in denying a nonsuit stated
that he believed it was a proper mat
ter for the jury to pass upon:
Tries to •lump Overboard.
BERKELEY, Dec, 20.— Passengers on
the ferryboat. Berkeley, which left
San Francisco for this side of the bay
at 11:25 o'clock last night, were wit
nesses of an attempt at suicide on the
part of a young and pretty woman,
who sought to end her life by leaping
over the rail of \he boat into the bay.
The woman's name was reported to be
Mrs.' Wilson of Berkeley, but complete
identification was "not made.
In . company with her , husband,; the
woman was promenading the lower
deck of the Berkeley. and suddenly
stepped to the rail and tried to Jump
overboard. She was restrained by ljer
husband, and some of the boat's- crew,
but protested that she wanted tqdlfe.
Immediately afterward she retired do
the ladies' waiting room, and when the
boat reached the slip hurried at once to
the train, avoiding observation. ■
AGED MAN FOUND DEAD.— Oakland, Dec.
20.— James T. Ashby, 75 years old, was .found
dead this morning in. his room at the Union."
Hotel, liast Twelfth street and Thirteenth aj"e
nue. -He leaves a brother residing in -Berke
ley after, whom 'Ashby avenue, in the college
town, was named. The Coroner took charge
of the case. . .
■» ' * * ■
FREE FREE
PLUM PUDDINGS
MINCE MEAT.
WITH.
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
ARMOUR
PACKING COMPANY'S
FAMOUS BRANDS.
Free With Every Small Ad in
Sunday Call. ..
See Small "Ad Page for Further
. Particulars. J
GRIEFS SPOIL
HIS HONEYMOON
Berkeley Kan's Portion of
Sorrow Increased by His
Defeat in Justice Court
DAUGHTERS VICTORIOUS
George Waterbury's Cup of
Bitterness Is Complete
When Court Makes Ruling
Berkeley Office San. Francisco Call,
2148 Center.Street, Dec. 20.; ; '
More grief was added to. the already
full and overflowing cup of George. A.
Waterbury when Justice Edgar" this
morning dismissed the charge of bat
tery against S. J. Hankins" and Percy
Betts In connection}-'with'ifhe^s'pectac
ular row between Watejfbury and his
four daughters. last :' \v&k, > \)\ .' v -' : - ;
Waterbury, gained fameras \ the cit
izen whose .daughters/, objected so
strenuously to his proposed marriage
to Mrs. Mary.. Crump that they locked
him out of his own home on Prince
street and then removed all the furni
ture, so that when he came back to
Berkeley from San Francisco with his
new bride it was to find his house
empty and his daughters missing.
When hostilities between Waterbury
pere and the daughters, began last
week the young women found defend
ers in Messrs. Hankins and Betts, who
helped them hold the fort against
Waterbury. The aggrieved parent
came to blows wi'h these two men,
then swore out a warrant charging
them with battery. To-day he could
not prove that they had battered him
appreciably and Judge " Edgar, con
cluding that it had been a case of
rough house which might properly be
decided as a draw, dismissed the
charge and Waterbury's four daugh
ters, with Betts and Hankins, left the
court in triumph. Waterbury's furni
ture, under the care of his daughters,
continues to elude him.
PRESIDENT OF
OAKLAND Y. M. I.
IS MARRIED
By Zoc Grren Ttadcliffe.
OAKLAND, Dec. > 20. —The wedding of Frank
P. Kane, a popular youns employe of the
Southern Pacific Company.' and Miss Mary J.
Shortt was one of the day's Interesting events,
as both .bride and groom have a host of
friends in 'this city. The ceremony took placo
at 2:30 o'clock this afternoon at St. Patrick's
Church, and Immediately thereafter the happy
couple departed for Southern California, where
they will • linger Indefinitely. The bride was
attended, by Miss Phltbon, and John
F. Kelly otflciated as best ma a, Rev. Father
Sampson pronounced the nuptial blessing.
I The groom is president of the : local branch
of the Young. Men's Institute, and In this of
fice, as well as in business, has shown him
self-to be a man of aterllne worth.
Mr. Kane and his bride will make their home
In this city.
To-morrpw Miss Leslie Green will enter
tain In honor of Mrs. Frederick Bixby, who Is
spending: the holiday searan in her old home.
The reception hours are from 4 to 6 and
Miss Green will be assisted by Miss Kather
lne Itunnell, Miss Muriel -Ransome, Mias
Klizabeth Llvermore, Mrs. Fred Fenwtck, Mrs.
Ralph Phelpb, Mrs. Will Olney, Mrs. Will
Thomas, Mtss Maud - Thomas, Miss Nora
Thomas - Miss Julita Canavan, Miss Carol Day
Mies Viola Brainerd. Miss Bertha Goodrich,
MiM'Kelsey Theisen. Mrs. Walter Starr, Mrs.
Louis Ralston, Miss Jean Howard, Miss Mary
de Fremery, Miss Ransome, Miss Bridges and
Mlsa Head.
Little Miss Schrock will al?o entertain to
morrow, at the largest children'* party of
the season. Maple Hall will . house the young
people. and a vaudeville programme will pro
vide unique and ample amusement. The little
hostess will be assisted In receiving her guests,
who number a hundred, or . more, by Helen
Lowden, Edith . Goodfellow, Helen Mehrmann,
Phoebe Matthew a, Irene Collins and Ethel
Carroll. ... . •
The Christmas dance of the Lome Club laBt
night was an unusually pleasant affair. The
decorations of scarlet berries and mistletoe
were suggestive of the merry .Yuletlde, and
the tuests eeemed to be Infected with the
holiday spirit. A cotillon figure was danced,
tiny steins being the favors.. Mr». T. P. Ho
gan, Mrs. . George llallahan and Mrs. J. J.
Feneren ,are the club's patronesses. .
It Is to be hoped that when Paderewski ap
pears i» Oakland Friday those who have coliia
will provide themselves with cough drops and
not furnish a staccato accompaniment of barks
during some delightful . pianissimo, as did
some thoughtless people, in- the San Fran
cisco audience last night. It seems almost a
sacrilege to even breathe, much less cough and
sneeze, when such exquisitely eoft harmony is
flowing from the master's marvelous lingers.
A number of Oaklanders I have attended the
two concerts already given, and as one can
never have too much cf a good thing, many
will . hear , Paderewski again here. Among
some of the * music-lovers from this side • who
attended last night were: Mrs. Emma Shat
ter Howard. Shafter Howard, W. J. McCoy,
Dr. and Mrs. Herbert Moffltt, Mrs. Mabel
Gray Lachmund. Miss Jannsen, Miss Mabel
Hill and Miss Falrweatbcr.
Mrs. Kate Greenlcaf Locke has been much
entertained during her stay in Oakland. A
few days ago sne wa« the honored guest at a
luncjwon at which Mre. R. A. Perry wa»
hostess and the guests were tin. A. B. Crlt
tenden, Mrs. .W. W. Brlggs. Mrs. Frank Ken
nedy, Mre. C. F.. Cobbledlck, Mrs. Henry
Plummer and Mrs. J. T. .Connor.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 20.— Miss Alma Buhr of
1W1 Taylor avenue, who is soon to remove
to San Francisco, was tendered a farewell
and? surprise party • Saturday evening by
the commercial alumni of s the Alameda High
School, the affair taking place at the home
of Miss Ellse Woodln. Whist was' played
during- the evening and a banquet was served.
Among the gueets were Miss Alma Buhr, the
Misses Woodin, Misses Annie Sturken, Maa
Daly. K. Long. the Mlsecs Thrane, Miss
Kllnkner, Miss Brandes, Miss Williams, Miss
Jackson. Miss V. Tupper. Miss Pauline Buhr,
Mr. and Mrs. Woodin. Mr. and Mrs. Hyams,
Mrs. Buhr, Mesets. S. Hyams, A. Rheinold,
L. Woodworth; C. Crispin. W. Moblad.-'F'
Kllllnger, E. Culbert. Mr. Klinkner, A. War
ren, L. Klllam and Chester Westerdahl.
i • • . .-
. Dr. A. IwV' Scott, formerly principal of the
Alameda Hl»h School and now principal ot
the Girls' High School of i?an- Francisco, was
present with Mrs. Scott at the senior ball
given by the local High School students Sat
urday evening In Assembly Hall.
' Mrs. L. A. Osgood and Mr. and Mr*. G B
Ossood have returned from a visit to their
old borne in- New Hampshire. .-.- "■ -
Miss Louise Roesch and Frederick Mandler
were married Saturday evening at 9 o'clock at
the home; of the groom's mother on Santa
Clara avenue. between Walnut ' and- Oak
streets. The Rev. Christian Reuis performed
the ceremony. Walter Mandler was best man
and Miss Gretchen' Krennen was maid of
boner. ■'- •ivSHSBSBBsSBBUBKKCbSBttSBBKm
Barrle's Heady Wit.
A new story, about J. M. Barrie is be
ing told. When the leading man in- a
certain theatrical company, was obliged
through illness to give up for a night
or two the Dart ■ he was playing in one
of the successful. comedies. of*, the sea
son his iinderetudy was so delighted; at
his opportunity." to distinguish :: himself
and so sure that his friends would want
to witness his' triumph; that : he * tele
graphed ' to authors and managers all
over London, saying:; "I shall playA's
part ; to-night." " No one ". took any \ no
ticfe!- of the ' dispatch" save . Mr. Barrie,
who (telegraphed \ back: ; "Thanks '* for
the warning."-— Indianapolis Newa.
.*•'.' * /. : * ■„' . ' : ■' , '
TRACTION COMPANY VOTES
BONDS FOR IMPR0VE MENT5
Old Lines to Be Rebuilt ana
'-. Fully Equipped.
Millions-are to be spent
; QAKLAND, Dec. 20.— The Oakland
Traction Company, which until recent
ly was the Oakland Transit • Company,
has "decided to complete at once the
reconstruction and. broadgauging of all
of its- lines, and to that end a stock
holders' meeting was held, when it was
voted to increase the bonded indebted
ness of the company by $2,174,000. This
money, will be used in reconstruction.
" The Oakland Traction Company has
always carried >n- apparent indebted
ness of $6,500,C'A>. Of this amount
$1,674,000 had been canceled, leaving an
actual debt of $4^26,000. The stockhold
ersto-day authoi-zed an increase of the
,debt up to $7,?00,000, means
that more bonds (o the extent of $2,174,
000 will be issued. This increase is
permitted by additional trackage of the
company. that hah been laid and put in
operation.^ The Jane over Adams Point
and the orie to ).he Country Club are
df'the increased rhileage.
The money that will be raised by the
inew bonds will be used for reconstruc
tion. The first lihe that will be rebuilt
and turned into a broad gauge will be
the Alameda looo. This line is in bad
LOVE AFFAIRS
REACH COURT
Widow Tyson Swears Out
Warrant for Arrest of
"Doc" William S. Proctor
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway. Dec. 20.
"Doc" William S. Proctor, who deals
in eyeglasses and life insurance, and
who says he owns an orange grove in
Southern California, .was arrested to
night at Niles and is charged with fel
ony in having secured from Mrs. E.
Tyson of that town $150 and some dia
monds upon a promise that he would
marry her". With Proctor is Ray Ash
berry, whose exact connection with the
case is a little uncertain, and who
both Proctor and he say has nothing
to do with-it. The warrant was sworn
to by.Mrs, Tyson, and it is for Ash
berry also. , •. .' • . ..
Mrs. Tyson is a widow with a family
ofjgrown sons. The Tysons were among
the, original settlers of Washington
Township years ago, and the family,
has grown until it is an important part
of that community. Proctor first made
his appearance In Niles about a year
ago, and' since then he has ,been back
and forth several times. He came back
about a month ago, and was there until
his arrest by Constable Roderick upon
a warrant issued by Justice Sandholt:
The charge is that Proctor worked his
way into the affections of* the widow,
and upon a promise to- marry her ob
tained money at different times and fin
ally the jewelry.
"This is the work of the jealous son3
of Mrs. Tyson," said Proctor. "It Is
true that Mrs. Tyson arid I have had
some business dealings, but they were
stiictly business and legitimate. Her
sons got jealous and thought I was get
ting money that ought to go to them.
I do not care to go into my dealings
with Mrs. Tyson. I have carried out
what I agreed, and if there Is anything
wrong I hope justice will be dealt out
to me. I came up from my southern
ranch about a month ago and these
boys kept after me until they have
landed me. There was no agreement
of marriage. The young man, Ray
Ashberry, who was arrested with me, ;
has absolutely no connection with the
case."
Despite the "Doctor's" denials the
positive statement of Mrs. Tyson made
to Justice* Sandholt of Centerville was
that Proctor had obtained money and
jewelry under promise of marriage.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS
BURGLAR STEALS MONEY.— Oakland.
Dec. 20. — W. G. Manuel's store, 336 Eleventh
street, wu entered last nlsjht by a burglar,
who stole $7.
HIGH SCHOOL TEACHER RESIGNS.—
Oakland. Dec. 20. — Elizabeth A. Packard, for
many years head of the English department
at the High School, has resigned to make a
European tour. .
STRUCK BY ELECTRIC CAR.— Oakland.
Dec- a0. — Thomas Stack, a lather residing at
610 Broadway, was struck to-night at Second
street and Broadway by an electric car, , sus
taining severe cuts about the head. The Inju
ries were treated at the Receiving Hospital.
STARTS f BUILDING ORDINANCE.—Oak
land, ' DeeY 20. — The City Council has passed
to print an ordinance regulating all building
operations In this ' city. The ordinance was
prepared by Councilman W. J. Baccus. It
covers in ' minute detail every phase of the
construction of buildings. .. '.' -
ASKS CITY TO QUIET TITLE.— Oakland.
Dec. 20. — The North Adeline Improvement Club
has requested the City Council to bring suit
to 6ettle the question, whether. Stanford avenue
Is' a public thoroughfare. - A portion of the
Htreet Is used, by the Southern Pacific Com
pany's Berkeley. local train service.
JURY ACQUITS WATCHMAN. — Oakland.
Dec. 20. — George Boeddiker. a Berkeley night
watchman, was acquitted of the charge of at
tempted burglary to-day In Judge Hall's' court.
He was arrested by Detective George Kyte,
who . testified I that he watched Boeddiker one
night and saw him try lo raise the windows
of the borne of Henry McCloy at 69S Thirty
fifth street with a lath.
JANITORS AS TRUANT OFFICERS.—Ala
meda Dec. 20. — Herefifter the janitors of the
public schools will act as truant officers when
ever necessary. In compliance with a request
from the .Board of Education, the following
janitors have been -Invested with special police
stars:. Morris Fernbach, William Nicholson."
J..T. Bannetman. J.' E. Wolf. George S. Red
ding, W. A. Pingree and J. H. Burton. >
' . BARBERS. ELECT OFFICERS.— Oakland
Dec. 20.— Local No.' 134'* of the Barbers' Union
elected the f ollpwlns officers last nlglit at a
meeting held in California Hall. : President,
G. K. Smith: vice president. J. Reese: financial
and recording secretary, B. ■ Litzensteln; re
cording secretary. ■ I. : R. Davis; .treasurer,
W.W. Butler; guard, A. Burnell; guide, A.
Brackett. ." .
LICENSES. — Oakland, Dec. 20
The 'following marriage i licenses were issued
by the County. Clerk.', to-day: Michael Soosar
35, Cananea, Mexico, and Sarah R. Hsrgens
35, San Francisco: Charles R. Smith, 20 and
Lowa - B. Stanwood. - 18, both of Oakland •
Newell : H. Bullock, over 21, San Jose, and
Mary E. ; Skilllngs, over 18, Alameda; Lenyke
N. Thomas,. 45, and .Amy ■ Cunningham, 46.
both of "Oakland: Howard B. Klmball, over
21." > and I Jessie D. Wood. ..over .18, Oakland -
WUliam.W. Norris 48.*. -Oakland,, and Carrie
V. Howard. v 36. • Princeton : Clark . H.X Bunker
over 21, .Oakland, and. Julia A. Colety, over
18. ,. San ' Francisco; . Cyprlen : F. > Llmonsln 44
Dlmond, and > Gilda Lavazzarl," 1 - 23, Pan Fran
cisco; - Ortu» ■ Fuller. , 80,* and Stella Hathaway
29, both of San Francisco. • .
condition, and the cars are £tm down.
The cars and the line will be rebuilt.
The reconstruction of the Alameda line
will be followed by similar work on the
Haywards line, which runs over the
tracks of the Alameda system throu&n
East Oakland. There will then remain
nothing to be rebuilt except the West
Eighth street line, the Twelfth street
line and the-Fourteenth street line.
All of these lines are sadly in need of
work. It has been known that they
were to be reconstructed, and as little
work. has been done upon them as
would permit 'the cars to crawl over the
tracks. ! , '-:>-'.*;-v' '. -~
It is probable that a through system
from West Oakland to East Oakland
will be established over the Eighth and
the Twelfth street lines. At present
passengers • must transfer at Broad
way. .
Rails for the reconstruction of the
lines on East Eighth street. Fifth ave
nue. East Eighteenth street to Fruit
vale and the Eighth avenue lines are
already on the ground. The next twelve
months will see every one of these
lines changed, and new equipment will
have arrived from the East..', •
PLAN TO UNITE
THREE CITIES
Effort of Merchants to Frame
a General Law Permit
ting Division of Counties
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Dec. 20.
Effort to consolidate Alameda. Oak
land and Berkeley under one city and
county government is being made by
the Merchants' Exchange of this city
and at a meeting held to-Jilght the
special committee having the matter
in charge reported progress that it ex
pected to have a bill prepared and in
troduced at the next meeting of the
Legislature providing for a general act
that will allow the division of coun
ties. * . . .
The necessity for this action is that
subsequent to the formation. of Glenn,
Riverside and Orange counties the law
was so changed that no county could
again be formed by an act of the Leg
islature except by a general law. The
passage of a general provision is thus
made necessary allowing counties to be
divided. After this is done the way
will be open for the consolidation of the
three cities. A sufficient number of the
residents must, however, become" con
vinced that one government can be
conducted cheaper than a county gov
ernment and a separate city govern
ment for each city.
A general law for the licensing of
automobiles is also beiqg considered by
the exchange and a communication
was sent to the Attorney General ask
ing his advice as to the drawing up of
a proper act. At the present time every
county in the. State has some regula
tion in regard to automobiles, but there
Is no uniformity and no means of iden
tification of an automobile in" case an
ordinance is violated. With a State li
cense office and a number assigned to
the owner of every automobile it is be
lieved that much confusion would be
avoided. v -'." -
MAJOR JOSE RAMON* PICO
STRICKEN WITH ILLNESS
Aged Scion of the Historical Spanish
Family Is a Victim of Rheu
matism.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 20. — Major Jose
Ramon Pico, scion of the historical
Spanish family of that name, is seri
ously ill at his home, 1922 Broadway,
with rheumatism, which is not yield
ing to treatment. The ailment ha3
confined Major Pico to his bed for
three weeks, but he has hopes that
his rugged constitution will pull him
safely through. The major Is , 7S
years of age and is widely known
throughout California as the last of
the famous family from which he
sprang.
Ahum-da Debaters Win.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 20. — Victory rest
ed with the junior debating team of
the Alameda High School in a foren
sic contest with three representatives
of the Polytechnic High School of
Oakland that was held last night In
Assembly Hall. The question argued
was. "Resolved that labor unions are
an injury to the industrial prosDeritv
of the United States." The affirmative
side was upheld by the visiting sneak
ers, who were Walter Sandhold Mian
Olive Wright and Alfonsb Anderson
The local debaters were Miss Irene*
Welp, Miss Mabel Usinger and Xeil
Wilson. Hon. E. K. Taylor J » w
Wilbur and William McDonald acted'
as judges.
He Could Compote.
At a dinner siven to Sir Alfred
Harmsworth in commemoration of
his knighthood one of the editors of
the Daily Mail said of the guest of
honor:
"Out friend Harn^sworth as a
schoolboy was shy and quiet. One
day, to his horror, an inspector called
him up before the class.
. "You appear to be a" clever lad," the
inspector said. "What do five and
one make?"
"The little. fellow made no answer.
""'Come, now,' said the inspector.
'Suppose I gave you five rabbits and
then another rabbit; how many rab
bits would you have?*
- " "Seven/ said Harmsvrorth.
"'How do you make that out?*
" 'I have a rabbit of my own at
home.' "—Toledo Blade.
Young Wife— Gerald, how do you like
my new doughnuts?
Young Tusband (pale but resolute)—
Don't you see me eating them. Bertha?
They're splendid. The only fault I can
possibly find with them is that they are
a little too satisfying/After eating one
of them you don't want anything else
you know.-^Chicago Tribune.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAXD.
1016 Broadway.
Telephone Main '1033.
BEKKEIiEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77..
ALAMEDA. •
1435 Park Street.
REAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Alameda County.
MONDAY. DECEMBER IX
John H. camdy (ilntfe) to Mr». Citherln*
Williams, property out ot county, recorded De
cember IT. 1904. warranty deed
John A. Britton to Oakland Gas. Ueht an*
Heat Company (corporation), lot on. N"OT corner
of Thirteenth and Clay »tre«t«. N 37:(H4. W
40:10^4. N 2:1K. «0:2%, S SD:t%. E
101:0% to bejrinoin*. lot 22 and portion lots
21 23 and 24, block 1S8. Kellenbereer'a map.
Oakland, Quitclaim deed; $19.
Lewis C. Thomas to Hannah Henrietta
Ttcmas. lot on W lln» of Filbert atreet. 267:1
N of Twenty-fourth. X 33:4 by W 125. bloc*
63P. Boardman'a map. Oakland; *!«•
H E. and Sarah J. Mosher to Grac* B.
Loain. lot on N Ua» of -^"H**
20O.1 E of Telegraph av«ru«, B 83 by N 113.
let 37. block B. University Park, near uni
versity. Oakland; flO. ■"
T C. and Ella C. Folkers (wife) to AmaMa
Beatrice d'Azevedo, lot on KB coraar of Eight*.
and West •treeta, E 50 by N 100. portion lot*
1 to 4, block 85. Kelle-sberser'B map. Oak
land; J10. _
Standard Realty and Development Compar.v
(corporation) to Oakland School District, lot
on NW corner of Third and Harrison street*.
W 100 N 100. E 25, S 50. E 75, S 50. to
beginning, lots 21 to 23, block 33. Keller?
btrger's map, Oakland; also excepting buiM-
Ingrs on said land, first party reserves rfght to
enter said premises and remove said buildings
at any time before June 15. 1005. etc; $-4500.
Edward Nolan (single) to John D. Courtlln.
lot on E line of Lake Shore avenue. 50:1 3
o: Brooklyn avenue, S 54:1. E 111:4. N 54,
W 114:2 to beginning, lot 32. Capital Home
stead Association, etc.. East Oakland; $10.
B. F. Ellis to Alice P. Ellis, lot on E llr*
of Arch street, 600 N of Vtae. E 239:2. N*
67 W 300. S 47 portion lot SO. block 1. prop
erty Berkeley View Homestead Association.
Berkeley; $5.
M. and Eliza E. Rlnehart (wife) to> J. T.
Conway lot on W line of Chestnut street. 2^1
N of Thirty-second. N 38 by W 127. block
C70, Boardman's map Oakland; $10.
August Hammerschmidt to Oscar C Grin
dell. lot on 8 line of Eighteenth street. 223 W
of Telegraph avenue, W 25 by S 113. lot S3.
Campbell Tract (first party reserves life es
tate), Oakland; $10.
Mary Connolly (widow) to Annie Gougn. lot
on N line of Isabella street. 475 W of San
Pablo avenue, W 25 by N 139:2^4. b«ln» W
half of lot 22, Gunn Tract, surveyed for Mrs.
Gunn. Oakland; gift.
J. B. Campbell (femme «ole) to "William B.
and Effle E. Barnum (wife) as Joint tenants,
iots S2 and 53, map of Drexler Tract. Oakland;
$10.
S. Lehmann (married) to John P. Maxwell,
undivided half of lot on S Una of Park ave
nue. 120 W of San Pablo avenue. W 93:4 by 3
125. block 3, map of part of plat 6. Kellers
berger's survey of V. and D. Peralta, Ranch,
property of J. S. Emery, Emeryville. Oakland
Township: $10.
James B. Woolsey to John and Delia Han
ratta or Hanratty. re- record 111 D. 413. Mot
on W Una of Telegraph avenue at NTS corner
of E. F. Fallon'a land. SW 273 N'W 217.
NE 3C3. SW 225. containing 1.51 acre*, beine
portion of V. Peralta Reservation. Oakland
Township; $1510.
Ella L. Smith (single) to Delia P. Morris
(wife of B. J.). lot on W line of Spruce stre^. .
ICO S of Eunice (Durant). S 40 by W 131:7.
portion of lot 4. block 10 property of Berkeley
Villa Association. -Berkeley; $10.
Florence Donovan (Holden) to Elizabeth
Hannah <wldow). lot on SE lin© of Broadway.
250 SW of Central avenue. SW 50 by SE 140:2
portion of lot 1\ map of subdivision of half
acre lots In Hays & Caperton Tract. Alameda;
$10.
I». A. and Matilda Godfrey to U J Sohultz
and William Fairbank. lot on E line of Lo
fayette street. 60 S of Clement avenue S r.i>
by E 108. portion of lots 13 to 16. block 60.
Columbus Bartlett Tract Alameda: $10.
Union Savings Bank to Louisa M. MeCar.n,
(wife of F. W.). lot on SW corner of Pacin-r
avenue and Park street. W 183:(H4. S 150. K
124:114. N 150:6*4, lots 10 to 13. block 47
T. A. Smith's map of blocks 48 and 47 land.*
adjacent to Encinal, Mlnturn Tract. Alamed.i
$10.
Frank I.. Spencer (single) to same, lot on K
line of Lafayette street. 60 S of Clement ave
nue. 8 3O by E 108. portion of lots 13 to 16.
block 60. map of property near Encinal station
of Columbus Bartlett. Alameda: also lot on K
line of Lafayette street. 120 S of Clement ave
nue. S 30 by E 10S. lot 10. and portion of lo?»
13 to 1«. block 60. town of Encinal Alameda
grant. :.-v-
A Terrapin's Memory.
That Br'er Tarrypin has memory is
proved by a story told by Young D.
Hance, who owns the birthplace of
Chief Justice Taney on Battle Creek,
in Calvert County.
. Mr. Hance keeps a small boat under
a mulberry tree on the shore of the
creek and on going to the boat early
one morning he noticed a dry land
terrapin busily engaged in eating a fen
mulberries which had fallen. Mr.
Hance, wishing to assist Br'er Tarrypin
in getting his breakfast, gathered some
mulberries and pitched them to him
one at a time. In a very short time
the terrapin began to catch the berries
in his mouth exactly as they were
thrown to him. Every day afterward
a slight knock on the side of the boat
would bring the terrapin out for hi.s
mulberries and Mr. Hance often look
his friends and visitors to see his pet.
On one occasion a fresh young man
threw a piece of tobacco to the terra
pin instead of a mulberry. Br'er Tar
rypin retired at once In disgust and for
days afterward refused to come when
called. Although Mr. Hance finally In
duced him to come again for his mui
berries, Br'er Tarrypin remembered the
tobacco and would never approach un
less Mr. Hance was alone. — Baltimore
Sun.' >
OPPOSES LIBRARY SITE.— Henry P. Wcl
leuberg yesterday filed a protest with thu
Board of Supervisor! against the acquisition
of block 73 for a library sits and urses . t !i •
purchase of block ti7 because It Is In close
proximity to the City Hall.
CHICO. D«c. CO. — Th» Chinaman shot by th*
Chinese cook for W. yw. Durham dle>l !a««t
night. Officers are searching- tWs section for
the murderer, but no trace of him ha» b«eri
discovered.
When the cheeks begin to glow with
cold.lt is time for stoves to glow "with,
beat.
ADVERTISES IEXTS.
RATIONAL TREATMENT
Stomach Diseases
MEANS :
Discard Injurious Drugs
A Harmless Powerful Germicide
Endorsed by Leading Physicians.
Send twenty-five cents to pay postaga
on Fret Trial Bottle. Sold by leading
druggists.
not acNumc without my staNATunc:
61 O PRINCE ST.. NEW YORK.
Wairt ton F»ei Bookut on n minimi Tiunii
or OttMAf*. 'WILL CARRY FREIGHT FOR JAPAN
BRITISH' STEAMSHIP ELLERIC IS HERE FROM PORTLAND
The British tramp steamship Elleric
"which arrived here yesterday from
Portland, Is at the Pacific Mali wharf
"fading freight for Japan. Offers of
•yirso for the Far East are Just now In
excess cf the means available for trans-
porting it and It was to relieve the
congestion that the Pacific Mail Com
pany chartered the Elleric.
■The Elleric has a carrying capacity of
about C0OO tons. She loaded part of her
cargo in Portland and from here will
take 4500 xpns.
The Elleric will carry only overland
.freight which is being transported from
the cars direct to the steamer. The
fvjrk of. loading the chartered tramp
.will be carried on day and night.
The Mongolia will sail a week from
to-day loaded to her full capacity with
<\argo, mostly for Japan, and she will
leave behind enough freight to fill her
:Mg sister, the Manchuria.
Minnesota and the Earthquake.
The liner Mirneeota and an *arthq'jake ar-
rived the same morrinr and the thrilUnr ex
perience will not «ocn be fcrtotten by thewe
on board the bl* steamship. Captain Alex
Swanson was the pilot to whore lot fell the
<iuty cf brlngis* the, Minnesota into pert.
Bifrer than the t!gse« liner that had ever
before sought passage through the Golden
Gate. th« Minnesota was none tco bir for
•Pilot. Sti-anson. He climbed the giant liner's
stee-p sides . and directed her course until she
M.SS safely over the bar. Tfce weather was
thick, and preferring to take no chances with
J. .J.* Hill's «3.000.OlX> floating hotel. Swar.son
decided to coir.e to an anchor until morales;.
Eleven fathcrr.e cf Trater the lead Sine showed
and as the Mir.ne*ota was drawing but twen
ry-rlx f«t end the mud hook had taken a
icood grip of the bottom, pilot and skipper
tJmed in ard went to sleep with easj- minds.
Then the earthquake.
- It was mx 7:07 a. ra. that the sleeper* were
aroused br a rutnblinc noise, to the roar of
which the big llr.er trembled and shook. The
20,000-ton steamship chattered her teeth like
a scared mortal aad yielded to the grip of
the cor.vTi'.Hcn *a* a toy boat ehake* In the
bands of a small bor.
• Before the shaking ceased Swar.son had the
Minnesota's crew heaving leads in a'.l di
rections and was relieved but still mystified
ti (earn that Ms Judrnient had not erred and
that th» V>ttcm was still eleven fathoms b»
!cw the surface.
* "Oo^ss tv^ swung against a wreck, cap,"
M. r J Swanson. "or a mfcfcty whale has
be*-n masFaring himself with the keel."
Taptaln TruPbridge said nothing, but he
»2» platrrty wcrrt«vi. end neither skipper nor
ri'-^t ch^errd «p ur.tll »it 'juarantine they
■were tc-ld of the earthquake.
♦
Dauntless Makes Quick Trip.
Tr.e tug i>auri:le*s. Captain £hea. which left
here Monday afternoon for Monterey with the
»hip Marior Chi'.cott !r. tow. returwd yester
day. Th* Wur.tWs tras right hour? rrakir.e
th* run home. Th* Marion Chllcott. which
V»loni* to th<? Mat!"~n Navij*ti"n «Y>»— panr
s.nd is fitted to carry oil In bulk, will sail
to Hit from Moctepey with a cargo of .: ■ t .:■'.
fu«i for Honolulu.
♦
The Overdue List
me two vwjfif r.ow on tne overdue us
are «3>jote<l fnr r»fefunnw» at follows: Edit:
fc'iiry. 7<> r*r c*r,t; Brier Holrr.e. SO per cnl
Watrr Front Note*
Th« American-Hawaiian Ft»am*hip Cotti
r-Rry"? Arir^rar,. bound for this pert from
N^w Y"rk. pesse<i Pur.ta Arena* December 17.
-_ The Oceanic Ff*mEh!p Company's liner
i-i'rir. 1*U Auckland December 1<J for this
pen. The ilanposa. It due Friday from
Tehit'.
• • Vhf- French hark Guethary cleared yester
.dav i.if- Queenstown.
• Th* liner Gaelic, cutward bound, arrived
yr-r'.frtif.y at Honolulu.
■The Matjson Navigation Company's oil-burn
ing. r.i!-carry;rg sr^ainship Rc«*-crans arrived
>-<•««■<!«►» *t Artnria from Moriterr.
"Th«- V«T,tura. ortgir.aily *che<3u!ed to sail at
2 Vi. m. tn-mprrow. will not get away until
fc ;>. tr. en FrSJay. this owir.e to a delay in
the trarsrniMirn of the British Australian
•rr.a.:!5.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN".
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Sliipping Merchants.
The pchoon*r Glen •wa* cleared yesterday
f^r La Pax. Mexico, with 91.553 ft lumber. 4&0
Mis ehir^l*T!. 120 txlls shakt*. 200 c* powder
and 2 cs ' i.-vrf cape, valued at $C452.
Grain for Europe
The Frer.ch bark Quethary *"** cleared ye»
tirfiay *cr Queen*town for orders with 57.44S
ctle barley \-alued at SCT.TJV) B nd KKki ctls
«.-h»at valued at f'2.SO0. The ehlp al*o car
ries 20.<XK> ft lumber «b dur.&ace valued at
$2O0.
Shipping Notes.
It :s retorted that the steamers Wyefleld and
%%. P. Dollar hav» be<»n chartered to carry hay
ar<! train to the Orient.
The bark Anr.ie Johnson will load general
cargo her* for the Orient.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED
Tuesday. December 20.
Er eunr ElJeric. Flntlley. 3 dayafrom Port
lar.d. bound for Japan, put in to finish Joad
* ttirr W. H. Kruger, Ncrberg, 27 hours from
Eureka-
Etrr.r Potno. AMIn. 14 hours from Point
Arena, via. AlbSoa 1O hours.
; Stmr Argyll. Gllbcy. — days from Kihel.
xia Alcar-ax Landing tS hours, up rlrer direct.
• Etmr Oolatr.bia, Doran. 53 hours from Port
ler.4. via Aetoria 42 hours.
Ftrnr Maggie. Whitney, 4 hour* from Half
tr.'v-'n Bay.
Stmr Mentara. Rellly. H hours frctn Ta
eozna.
Tug Diur:>sf, Ehea, 8 hours from Monte
rey.
CT-EARED.
Tuesday, December 20.
Fr bark Guetiary. Thoumlre, Queenstown;
G. W. McNear.
Stair Coo* Bay, JClcoIeca. Saa Pedro and
w«y Borta: P C S S Co.
Schr Gles. McLeod. La. Pnx; Hlckman &
Hartcrsoa.
BAILED.
Tuesday, December 20.
' feirr.r Pe»c.cer.a_ Resrickson. Eureka.
Etiar D«l Norte. Payne. Crescent City.
Ftrnr Gipsy. l*2aud. Monterey.
fttrr >Iagg1e. Whitney. Halfmoon Bay.
BtJnr Brocklyn. <rUrkson. MendocJno.
Etirr Arctic, Nelaon. Eurek*,
•tir.r Arcata, Macsesn. Coo* Bay.
Er eb!p Grenada. Elstrcn. Newcastle, Au».
Sctr Jer.sle GrlfSa. OIb*on. Bollnas.
TELFEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Dec. 20, 10 p. m.— Weather
• -£..-:■ wind NE; velocity 12 tr.llea per hour.
- ;> SPOKEN.
. Oct 2«— In lat 50 S. long «4 TV^ Ft «hip
La Perouse, from London, for Ean Diego.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
MONTEREY— Arrived Dec 20— Ship Marlon
CMleott. her.ee Dec 19, In tow of tug Daunt-
Jen.
PORT H A DLOCK— Sailed Dee 19— Schr
"- Ludlow. for gan Pedro.
Sailed Dec 16 — Bktn Retriever. for San
.Ptdro. /■
SEATTLE- Sailed D«; 19, 9:15 a m— Stmr
.City of Puebla, for Ean Francisco. -
Arrix-ed Dec 20 — Ftmr Crecrfte Loomls, hence
Dm lt>; rtmr Rainier, hence Dec 1C.
Kalled Dec 1»— Strar Jefferson, for Skagwav.
Arrived Dec 20— Stmr G«orge Looml*. hence
TACOMA— Arrived Dec I»— Stmr Nebraskan.
trn<v» Dee 16.
PORT TOWNEKND— EaUed Dec 20— Ital
•lErlt Italia, for Australia.
A.TTORIA— Arrived Dec 20— Stmr G. W.
Klde-r, hecce Dec IS; itmr Roaecrana, from
Monfiej.
* <:oOS BAT— Sailed Dec 20— Stmr F. A. Kll
"buni. tor Portland.
REDONDO— Arrived Dec 20 — Stmr Westport,
from S*n Pedro.
MUKILTEO— Sailed Dec IT— Echr John F.
IZV.Ur. for Ean Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Dec 20 — SUnr Eureka,
he:»r« Dec 18. ,
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived I Dec 20— 6tiar
Ntwtmrg. bence Dec 1C; itmr Aberdeen, henca
Dec 16.
SAX PEDRO — Arrived Dec 2O— Stmr Al
«ur. from Greenwood; echr Mahukona, from
Portland.
fiaUftd Dee 20— Schr Robert R. nind. for
Pr-rUar.d; bktn George C. Perkln*. for .
FORT BRAGG— failed Dec 20— Stmr Samoa,
ior Cafj-ar.
PORT BLAKELET — Arrived Dec 20— Br
Lark Ini-ennark, from Port Los Angeles. .•;•.•*
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLX."LtJ — Arrived Dec 20— Br *tmr Gae
lic, hence I>ec 13, for Hongkong, etc
. Arriv«^l Dec 20— Stmr Nevadan. bence Dec IS.
MANILA— To eal! Dec 24 — Stmr Texan, for
Honolulu. ■
FOREIGN PORTS.
HAMBURG— Arrived D*c 2— Ger stmr Her
nionthl!. h<»ce May 26, via way port*.
LONDON— Arrived D«e l»— Br etmr Oanfa,
frcm Tacosia.
CALLAO— Arrived Dec 1— Br «bip Eaat Af-
rican. from Kewoort.
Sailed Dec 1 — Br stmr St George, for iQUlque.
MONTEVIDEO— Sailed Nov CO— Br ftm
South Australia for Baltimore.
Pl'NTA ARENAS— Passed Dec 17— Stmr Ar
izonan, Jrom New Ycrk, for San Francisco.
SHANGHAI — Arrived Nov 26 — Nor stmr
Tellus. from Port Gamble.
DOVFTK— Pass^. Tjec ID — Ger stmr Seeostris.
from Kambure, for .
CAl-i-. iuu.^ — t.v.i Doc 20 — Ship Gover
nor Robie. from Taccma.
NEWCASTLE. Aus — Sailed Dec 19— Schr
"Watson A. West, for Mahukona.
AUCKLAND— Arrived Dec 20— Stmr So
noma. her.ee Dec 1 .
Sailed Dec 1«— Strcr Sierra, for San Fran
cisco.
Movement of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE
Eteam?r. . From. i Due.
Elizabeth I Coquille River |Dec. 21
«*hico ■ Cotjuille River |Dee. 21
Centralia Grgvs Harbor i Dec. 21
Aurelia ! Porfiand & Aetoria |D"ec. 21
Eureka Humboldt Dec. 22
Pomona Humboldt ] Decv 22
FantaRosa.. i «an Diego &. Way Pts.|Dtc. 22
Point Arrni.. M«-r.docino & Pt. Arena. 'Dec. 22
City Puebla. . Puget Sound Ports. ... Dec. 22
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports. Dec. 22
S. Barbara... San Pedro jDee. 22
Nefco Hamburg & Way Pts.iDec. 21
San Jose.... New York via Ancon.jDec. 2."1
North Fork . . Humbol-ii * . . ! Dec. 23
Maripora Tahiti 'Dec. 23
Argo Eel River Ports |Dec. 23
• "hthalis Grays Harbjr ;Dec. 1'3
Norwood S.»atti» Dec. 23
SfQiioia..^ San Pedro Dec. 23
Homer. ...... Gray? Harbor !Dec. 24
Brtakwatfr.. Co.? Bay * i Dec. 24
I&qua Port^ani & Astoria \ Dec 24
Northland t^an PcOro ;Dec. 24
G. \V. Elder.. Portland & Astoria Dec. 25
G. IJndauer.. Grays Harbor Dec. 25
Anuhis Hamburg & Way Ports. Dec. 25
Corona : Hunsboldt Dec. 15
Arcata Coos Bay (Dec. 25
Newburg. ; Gray* Harbor !Dec. 26
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts.JDec. 26
Coo* Bay : San Pe-iro & Way Pts. ;Dec. 26 j
Ciarina ) Coos Hay ! Dec. 26
Curacao i Mexican Ports ....... .;Dec. 27
Alame-da Honolulu jDec. 27
Umatilla | Puget Sound Ports Dec. 27
Nebraskan... j Seattle Dec. 27
Pomo ' Point Arena & Albion. Dec. 27!
Arctic ! Humboldt ;Dec. 27
G. Dollar ' Graj-s Harbor ;Dec. 27
City Para ! New York via Ancon..'D*c. 29
F. Kll burn... Portland & Coos Bay. Dec. 28
Rainier 'Seattle & Bellingham. . ;Dec. :«i
Coronado ' Graya Harbor |Dec. 29
Columbia } Portland & Astoria ;Dec. 30
China Chir.a * Japan ! Dec. 31
Jeanle (Seattle & Tacoma | Dec. 31
TO SAIL
Steamer, j Destination. j SaiU.j Pier.
December 21. i i
Corona ! Humbcldt il:30p'Pier 9
Queen Pug«i Sound Ports. ill am. Pier ft
Coo* Hay... Pan Perfro & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Han Pedro..' Humbo'.dt f 2 pm|Pler 2
Eiliabeth.. J Coquille River 1 5 pnVPter 20
Redondo... Portland & Way.. 5 i.mlPier 2
Vanjruard.. Humboldt J 8 am ! Pier 27
Centralla I-<os Anireles Port«.|10 amjPUr 10
Samoa Los Angeles Ports. !1O ao!Pler 2
December 22. j '
Pomo Pt. Arena & Albion: 6 pmPier 2
State of Cal' Pan Dlepo & Way.! 8 am'PIer 11
Ventura [Sydney & Way Pts| 2 pmPier 7
5. Barbara. Grays Harbor '■ 4 pmjPIer 2
December 23. I (
Columbia.. Astoria & Portlandll am Pier 24
Sequoia Willapa Harbor U m'Plfr2t
Chehalls... [Los Anjjeies Ports.! 4 pm.Pier 2
Norwood Los Antre'es Ports.! 4 pm Pier 2
December 24. ! |
Point Arena Point Arena I 4 pm'Pier 2
City Peking China & Japan |12 m!Pier 40
Aurelia Astr.rla & Portlands 4 pm;Pler 27
Eureka I Humboldt ."...' t» amlPier 1.1
Pomona ■ Htmbcldt |l:30p;Pi«r 9
Montara. .. j Sfattie direct ' ; 4 pmiPler 9
Northland. ' Astoria & Portland! 5 pmiPler 27
December 25. I
S. Rosa ! San Diego & Way.) 9 anVPier 11
December SS. I J
Bonlta i Newport & Way..i S ara'Pier 11
City Puebla ; Puget Sound Portr.;ll amjPier 9
Breakwater. Coos Bay direct I .". pm Pier 8
Argo Eel River Ports..-! 4 pmPier 2
December 27. I j
N. Fork i Ilurcboldt j 5 pm'Pier 2f>
Arcata ' Coo* Bay direct...! 4 pmlPier 13
December 28. I I
Mongolia. ..i China & Japan j 1 pmiPler 40
G. W. Elder; Astoria & Portland 11 amiPler 24
December 30. !
Alaskan New York direct iPier —
December 31.
Maripcsa... Tahiti direct ill amjPier 7
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports. Ill am; Pier 9
Alanxia... Honolulu Ill amjPier 7
SanJo»e... N". Y. via. Ancon.-jl2 m Pier 40
F. Kllburn. Pcrtland & Way... 4 pm'Pier 27
Rainier Seattle & Dllnghmi 4 pmiPier 10
from Seattle!
Steamer. ( Destination. I Bail*.
Ratnena J Skagway & Way Porta-JDec 28
Far&llon ! Skagway & Way Ports.'Dec. 30
Cottage City. J Skagway & Way Ports.IDec. 31
Santa Ana... I Seldovla & Way Ports. |Jan. 1
Snn, Moon and Tide.
United States Coaet and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Watera
at Fort Point, entrance to San FrancUco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front <Mleslon-«tre«t wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point: the height
of tide is the same at both places.
WEDNESDAY. DECEMBER 21.
6un rlsea 7:21
Sun sets 4:3*
Moon set* 5:56. a. m.
C'Time! !Time' jTlme! jTime!
2. [ Ft. ! Ft. f 1 Ft. 1 Ft.
? |L W\ |H WJ |L Wl !H W]
21 • 3:37 2.71 9:4S 5.S! 4:45!— O.«'ll:521 4.*
22 4:21 2.S 10:25 5.9 5:271—0.8
IH w IL w h \v , \i*-vr\
23 1 0.37 4.5! B:C5 2.9ill:06i 6.8] 6:06[— O.9
NOTE — In the abpre exposition of the tides
FREE FREE
PLUM PUDDINGS
MINCE MEAT.
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
ARMOUR
PACKING COMPANY'S
FAMOUS BRANDS. .
Free With Every Small Ad in
Sunday CalL
See Small Ad Page for Further
Particulars.
THEf SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1904.
BRITISH STEAMSHIP WHICH
WILL CARRY FREIGHT TO
JAPAN" FOR THE PACIFIC MAIL..
the tarly morning tides are given iri the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, ae
sometimes occurs*. The heights riven are in
addition to th» foundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, end then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
r»me Bnll.
Branch Hydrographic Office. U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
Decerr.ber 20. 1«04.
The Time Ball on the tower o* the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
I. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
P. m. Greenwich time. J. c. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U. S. N., in charge.
COLORED PEOPLE ESTABLISH
A DESERVING ORPHANAGE
Several Unfortunate Children Arc
Comfortably Established in Booker
T. Wnshington Home.
A number of prominent colored men
and women have recently established
a deserving orphanage for children of
their race at 1135 Clay street. The
institution is known as the Booker T.:
Washington Orphanage, and was
founded solely through the generosity
of several prominent colored people
who have long: been doing their best
to aid unfortunate children whose par
ents are dead or refuse to care for
them.
There are twelve little ones in the
home and the directors are working
hard to enlarge their quarters and
make room for more. Mrs. S. A. Mar^
tin is the president of the board of
directors, and it is mainly through her
efforts and those of T. B. Morton -and
Mrs. Morton that the home has pros
pered. Among the other lady direct
ors who have been working; in the in
terests of the home are Mrs. Lundy,
the secretary; Mrs. J. V. Campbell,
Mrs. Fred Williams. Mrs. Bertha Der
rick, Mrs. Leo Johnson, Mrs. Sarah
Johnson. Mrs. J. S. Francis and Mrs.
Clark.
The directors of the home desire
to express their thanks Xo Mrs. S. A.
Kelley, director of the Needlework
Guild of California, for the able as
sistance which has been rendered. The
directors of the orphanage are pre%
paring lo give the children a Christ
mas party and would be glad to re
ceive donations from all persons in
terested in charitable work.
TROUBLE BREWING OUT
OF RAID ON CHINESE
Police Arrest Yce Gonp on Bench
Warrant nud Action Is Threatened
for False Imprisonment.
There is trouble brewing for the
Polite Department in the arrest of
Yee Gong yesterday by Sergeant El
lis and Policeman Minehan. * An ap
plication will be made for a writ of
habeas corpus for his release by At
torney George D. Collins, who threat
ens to sue the department for false
arrest and imprisonment.
When Police Judge Fritz forfeited
the bail of eighty-three Chinese ar
rested at 820 Washington street at the
time of the raid made by Commission
er Hutton he issued bench warrants
for their arrest. Meantime a writ of
certiorari had been obtained from
Judge Sloss prohibiting Judge Fritz
from taking any further steps against
these Chinese.
The bench warrants were placed in
the hands of Ellis and Minehan and
yesterday two members of the Chinese
Educational Society pointed out Yee
Gong as one of the men. Yee Gong
protested and declared that he was
rot among the eighty-three, but he
was locked up In "the tanks" pending
developments. His i name is not
among the eighty-three and 'Attorney
Collins says he can produce over
whelming testimony to bear out Yee
Gong's statement. Chief Wittman
says he is carrying out the orders of
the court and Judge Fritz, It is said,
disclaims responsibility.
License Officer's Crusade.
The License Collector has started a
crusade against persons who carry on
a business requiring a license and who
have failed to obtain the same. Yes
terday John A. Llnehan, r a deputy In
the- License Office, obtained warrants
for the arrest of eight owners of car
pet-cleanlng establishments and a
clairvoyant from .Police Judge Kritz
and many more will follow. The eight
carpet-cleaners are M. Conklin. C. H.
Coggin, J. T. Qulgley, Benjamin B.
Grant, Samuel D. Johnson, A. Jones,
J. E. Mitchell and Joe Scheldler. The
clairvoyant is Madame Waltman.
Christmas Pictures.
Our new pictures have the little effects
that the lovers of artistic things desire.
TVe have Just received j large shipments
of 'the most beautiful pictures. - The
prices Illustrate the fact that good taste
can do as much as' an abundance of
money In making the home beautiful
Sanborn. Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec. CO— 5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
ptratures are reported for the previous day:
Boston 40-26 'PitUburg 3!>-20
i;h:cago 30-1G New York 3»-2C
I Cincinnati SO-18 Kra Orleans
j Honolulu 74-64|St. *"Louls 3?«-lS
i Jacksonville 5h-34| Washington 38-2tt
i Philadelphia Mfl-261
! SAN FRANCISCO tS-40
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared' with those of the same
dct^ last stason and rainfall in last twenty
four hours:
Last This Last
Stations? — 24 hour*. Season. Season.
Eureka o.GO 11.57 17.34
Red Bluff O.W 11. St 11.82
Sacramento 0.<X> 7.90 4.44
San Francisco 0.C0 O.W 6.02
Fresno 0.00 . 5.07 0.5«>
Independence 0.00 0.45 0.42
San Lu<s Obisfa ... 0.00 4.73 0.82
Los- Angeles O.«U 1.4S 0.43
San Dievo 0.00 0.23 0.42
THE COAET RECORD.
3 K X O ob ' ' •-
3 3= 33 -2 S» 5-
STATIONS. 2 1§H |§ |& f
I j I I • ; .'
Baker 30.08 36 24 SQ Cloudy .00
Corson 30.08 .14 14 E Cloudy .00
Eureka 30.O2 54 40 W Cloudy .00
Fi«no 30.04 42 34 S Pt.Cldy .00
S. E. FBrallon.2 t >.f»5 M 50 NE Cloudy .0"»
Flagstaff :50.14 .V) 12 SE Clear .CO
Pocatello 30.10 46 32 E Cloudy .00
Independence ".30.10 r>S .16 SE Cloudy .00
Los Angeles ..SJ.M 82 5«; W Pt.Cldy .00
Mt. Tamalpals.2S».f».S 67 SO SW Pt.Cldy .'O
North Head ..20.74 50 40 S Rain .06
Phoeni-x 30.0<i 74 3C S Clear .00
Point Reyes ..2£>.f>0 63 5O W .Cloudy .00
Portland 29. S4 46 50 SE Cloudy .00
ReJ Bluff 80.00 42 34 SE Cloudy .00
Roreburg 29.82 60 ; 40 W \ Cloudy "'.CO
Sacramento ..30.W; 40 3<5 N- Cloudy ; .00
Salt Lake '...30.14 Us : l«" W v - Clear 7.00
San Francisco. 30. 02 4? 40 N Cloudy .CO
S. L. Oblspo..CO.M 76 40 NE Pt.Cldy .00
£an Diego 2!».B6 74 S« SW Ooudy .00
Seattle 20. 6S 42 34 SE Cloudy T.
Spckane 29.!>4 36 32 NE Cloudy T.
Tatoo»h 29. C8 40 .. SE Rain .P0
Waila. Walla.. 20. P4 .42 40 S Cloudy .00
Winnemucca ..30.12 50 16 NE Cloudy .00
Vena 29.66 78 40 N Clear .10
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST. t
A Ftorm of moderate Intensity non- overlie*
the Washington coast and will cause hi*h
southerly winds on the north coast as far south
as Cape Mendocino by Wednesday.
The pressure has fallen more than half an
Inch In the past twelve hours at Seattle. •
Cooler weather continues in California, with
tule fog in the fjreat valleys, but warmer
weather may be expected Wednesday.
Forecast made at San Franctaco for thirty
hours ending midnight. December 21:
California, north of Tehachapl — Cloudy and
unsettled weather Wednesday, probably rain:
■warmer; fresh southerly winds, high on north
const.
California, south of 1>hachapi — Cloudy and
unsettled weather Wednesday, fresh east winds,
chaxurins to southerly.
Nevada — Cloudy, warmer Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy and un
sullied weather Wednesday, probably rain by
nieht; warmer; lleht northerly, changing to
fr*-.«h southeast w!r.ds.
. Lof Anpelea and vicinity — Cloudy and un
rettied weather Wedne^'lay; light northeast
wind?, fhanslns to southwest.
Sacramento — Cloudy and unsettled weather
Wednesday: warmer; fresh south winds.
Fresno — Cloudy Wednesday: warmer: fresh
south winds. A. G. McADIE.
District Forecaster.
CONTRACTOR MOSIIER IS
EXONERATED BY COURT
Judgrc de Haven Holds That He Did
Not Import laborers Under an
Unlawful Agreement.
George H. Mosher, a. contractor re
siding at -Palo Alto, who had been
charged with importing contract la
bor, was discharged yesterday by
United States District Judge de Ha
ven. The accusation was that Mosher
had by means of letters induced Ed
gar C. Burgess, Everett Burgess and
Warren Harvey to go from Nova Sco
tia to Palo Alto , under contract to
work for him. The complaint was
filed by the Carpenters' Union of Palo
Alto.
The evidence taken yesterday
showed that the Burgess brothers are
brothers-in-law of Mosher and the
tetters produced in court were of; a
!amily nature. In them Mosher quot
ed the rate of wages paid to carpen
ters in California and suggested that
they should come to California and he*
would assist them in obtaining work. !
The court held that the persons]
named came hither- seeking employ
ment and were not under contract.- "
Claims He was Robbed.
George Brown, an ex-soldier, living
at 607 California street, told Police
man J. B. O'Connor eariy yesterday
morning, that an unknown .man had
struck him on the head wfth a blunt
instrument, knocking him « down, ■ and
robbed himof $48. He said the rob
bery occurred In the. neighborhood of
Adler alley and Montgomery avenue.
He eould give no, description of the
robber. O'Connor, sent him to the Cen
tral Emergency- Hospital, where a
lacerated wound on his scalp was
treated. At the hospital Brown said
that; his father was George Brown,
division superintendent of the North
ern Pacific Railroad at Seattle.
Steals Roommates Property.
, G. H. Hall obtained a warrant from
Police Judge Fritz yesterday, for the
arrest of Fred Moody, alias Nelson, on
a .'charge of grand larceny. He arid
Moody occupied the same room in
the Tremont House on Kearny. street.
He .alleges -that ,' on Monday Moody
went to the clerk/ representing himself
as Hall, and got from, the clerk Hall's
overcoat, valise ,and • other ',- effects,
valued at $75. 'Moody' has not been
scen'since. ' . ■ . ", ,
CHUCK HOLES
TO BE FILLED
Yorke Company Agrees to
Continue Work Under Xew
Method of Computations
will ■■■Remove eyesore
Supervisors Decide Upon a
Plan to Improve Pavement
Fronting Phelan Building
The Supervisors' Finance Committee
arrived at an amicable understanding
yesterday with the F. M. Yorke Com
pany which will insure a vigorous
renewal of the repairs to bituminous
pavements.
Chairman Schmitz of the Board of
Public Works stated that the company
had complained that Inspector Boone
had refused to allow for extra layers of
bitumen and asked that the committee
decide some definite method for com
puting the area of repairs. P. M. Gop
cevlc, a member of the firm, asserted
that Inspector Boone was grossly un
derestimating the amount of work done
and cited an instance where he had al
lowed but $42 70 where six tons of bitu
men had been used on a Market street
block.
Boone stated that he had allowed for
2V4 inches of bitumen although about
four inches had been laid. The com
mittee told Boone that it- was under
stood that he was to report whenever
any extra der>th had been laid. After
some discussion "it was agreed that
Boone would file daily reports of the
b'readths of the patches put down; that
wherever the depth is in excess of 2Vz
inches the inspector shall order it filled
with bitumen and shall give specifically
the data when it is In such excess. The
Yorke Company agreed to go ahead
with the work for a week and another
conference on the subject will be held
on Tuesday, January 2, 1905.
The Finance Committee held a con
ference with Auditor Baehr and it was
agreed to repair the pavement in front
of the " Phelan block and pay for the
same out of the $10,000 appropriation
for street repairs, a proceeding which
yesterday's Call announced would be
done. Bids will be invited for the work,
which it is estimated will cost $2000.
If there should be a deficit In the re
pair fund at the end of the fiscal year
the committee agreed to make it up out
of the urgent necessity fund. The
Mayor consented to this arrangement so
that an eyesore will soon be obliterated.
LADIES MAKE APPEAL
FOR A WORTHY CAUSE
California Woman's Hospital Solicits
Donations for Its Annual Christ
mas .Celebration.
The California Woman's Hospital
is sending out its usual appeal to the
friend^ of the institution for their
Christmas donations and subscrip
tions. The days will be Wednesday,
Thursday and. Friday, ..21st. -22d and
23d of December. Ladies of the board
will be at the following places on
those days: Messrs. Goldberg. Bowen
&Co., 232 Sutter. street; the D. Sam
uels Lace House Company, 233 Sutter
street, and the hospital at 3118 Sacra
mento street. An urgent appeal is
made, as the need is greater than ever
before in the history of the thirty-six
years of the institution.
Extensive indispensable repairs on
the old building have been made. Con
stantly increasing high prices for a.l
supplies of every kind and nature
have made alarming inroads upon th«
slender resources of the association.
Therefore this very earnest appeal i3
made, and gifts of money, groceries,
bed linen and all other hospital sup
plies will be gratefully received and
acknowledged by the board of lady
managers of the hospital.
The officers are: Mrs. D. H. Witte
more, acting president: Mrs. A. Chese
brough. vice president: Mrs. F. A.
Robbins, recording secretary; Miss F.
A. Sprague, secretary and treasurer.
CHARGES MADE OF
THREATS TO . KILL
Jnmes dc la Mnr.tanya Has James
Gore anil Irving Krcis Placed
Under Arrest.
James de la Montanya, 2505 Point
Lobos avenue, swore to complaints be
fore Police Judge Cabaniss yesterday
charging James Gore with threats to
kill, and "John Doe" with battery.
Gore was subsequently arrested and
taken to the Harbor police station,
along with Irving Kreis, who was the
"John Doe." They were promptly re
leased on cash bail provided by At
torney Dorn.
There is a dispute as to the man
agement of the business of the J. de
la Montanya Company, 214 Jackson
street Yesterday James de la Monn
tanya went to the store, accompanied
by Miles J. Bolger of Curtin's detec
tive agency. Bolger served a notice
upon Gore, the acting manager, signed
by the president and secretary of the
company, that De la Montanya had
been appointed manager. As soon as
the notice was served De la Montan
ya was shoved out of the . store by
Kreis, and it Is alleged Gore threat
ened at the same time to kill him if
he did not keep away from the store.
Iiwocked Do\Tn by Car.
J. O'Connell. who resides at Fourth
street, near Shipley, was knocked
down by a Fourth-street car yester
day and badly Injured. He received
several lacerated and contused
wounds about the head and face.
Symptoms of skull fracture were de
clared to be evident by Dr. C. F. Mil
lar at the emergency hospital, where
O'Connell was treated.
Make Raid on Poolroom.
The poolroom of Tod McDonald at
Bush and : Kearny streets was raided
by Policemen Lambert and Harrigan
yesterday afternoon and fifty arrests
were, made. The patrol wagon at the
Central station had to make .several
trips before the crowd was landed. at
the City Prison. J. Lawrence was
booked as keeper and the other forty
nine as visitors. McDonald put up
$540 cash bail and all were released.
Says Aeent Is Defaulter.
L. H. Sly" obtained a\ warrant from
Police, Judge Conlan yesterday for the
arrest of F. C. Whitney on a ' charge
of felony embezzlement. Whitney is
agent for the Alnsley Hotel on Turk
street and it is alleged that on De
cember 6 he collected' $60 from one
of the : tenants and appropriated the
money.
Burning Wood and -Leather
With our new pyrography machines Is an
artistic" pleasure that any one "can enjoy
with little expense. Colored sk4ns of all
kinds and ; wooden articles 'for burning,
as .well as designs to .work from. San
born. Vail & Co., 741 Market street. • ;
EIGHT FOUND
DEAD IN RUINS
Victims of the Disaster in
Which Crocker Hotel in
Minneapolis Is Crashed
GUESTS CAUGHT ASLEEP
One Woman Tumbles From
Second Story to Basement,
but Remains in Her Bed
MINNEAPOLIS, Dec. 20.— Of the
fourteen people sleeping in the Crocker
Hotel in this city it is now definitely
known, that eiffht were killed this
morning when the walls of the adjoin
ing building fell upon the hostelry. The
sidewall of the O. H. Peck building, in
Fifth street South, which was left
standing by the great fire of last Tues
day night, toppled over in a high gale
onto the hotel, a three-story structure.
The tons of brick and mortar crashed
completely down through the building,
carrying floors and all into a mass of
debris in the basement. There was no
warning of the disaster, and the four
teen persons sleeping in the various
apartments were caught in the crushed
structure.
The dead are: Hans Anderson, em
ployed at Ronner's livery; James Ham
ilton, employed at Ronner's livery: C.
M. Kenvon, foreman Daniels' Linseed
Oil Mill; William Lillyblade. employed
at Daniels' Linseed Oil Mill; Mrs. Jen
nie Murray; William Emmermon, la
borer; William Braa, contractor; Jo
seph Violet, coachman.
The injured are: W. J. Crocker,
badly bruised; Mrs. Carrie Boyce, cut
about face and body; Mrs. Evelyn "Wil
liams, face cut and badly bruised; Mrs.
Anna McNevins. face cut and badly
bruised; Mrs. Maggie McClaire.
Some of those injured were in the
Belmont Hotel, adjoining the Crocker,
and were hurt bv the debris that was
forced through the walls separating the
two buildings.
The persons in the Crocker House
who escaped were Mrs. W. J. Crocker,
wife of the proprietor; Hannah Crock
er, her fifteen-year-old daughter; Wil
lie Crocker, her eight-year-old son;
Baby Williams, 4 months old. her
grandaughter, and Mrs. May Ritchie.
A passerby who heard the crash
promptly turned in a fire alarm and the
department arrived in time to check an
incipient blaze from the wreck, and the
firemen and' policemen at once turned
their attention to rescuing those still
alive and recovering the dead. This
work was carried on under great diffi
culties in the darkness and in the face
of danger from the falling walls.
Mrs. Anna McNevins had a wonder
ful escape. She was on the seo»nd
floor in bed when the crash came. The
firemen took her out of her bed in the
basement. The debris had arched over
her in such a way as to prevent serious
injury.
The Difference Between
An experienced traveler and an amateur
is that the former has the knack of prop
erly equipping himself. We can fit you
out with trunks, dress suit cases, valises.
traveling rolls, - brashes, lap tablets,
pocketboaks. combs and. toilet articles so
that your trip will be agreeable through
out. Sanborn. Vail & Co.. 741 Market St.*
Propose Street Work.
Supervisor Braunhart stated yester
day that he proposes to submit a plan,
to the Street Committee whereby with
the co-operation of the Board of
Works some of the street improve
ments provided for under the recent
bond issue may be carried out. Braun
hart's scheme is to have the Board of
Works recommend that Mission street
from East to Ninth be widened and
repaved; that Fourth street from
Howard to the bay be sewered, and
that other improvements be recom
mended. It is thought that when the
preliminary proceedings are inaugu
rated no difficulty in disposing of
some of the bonds for street improve
ments will be experienced.
AD\-ERTI^E3IEXTS.
"I fliKl Cavcarets so good that I would not b«
wltliout them. 1 whs troubled a great deal wltli
torpid liver and headache. Now since takir?
Caseerets Candy Cathartie 1 feel very much better*
I shall ce.rtainlr recommend taeis to my frieuds
as the best medicine 1 hare eTer seen."
Anna Basinet. Osborn Mill Ko. 2. Fall Riv?r, Slaas.
, .
TgBfrK^ CANDY CATHARTIC ,g^
Pleasant, Palatable, Potent. Taste Good. Do Good. -
i T . 3 f s i. ck , en - «" rak<>T ' or G rlp». lfc. J5c. i»c. Nerrr
• olii in bulk. The c»nnine tablet »tamp«d C V C.
Uuarantceu to core or jroar money back.
Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago cr N.Y. box
AHHUAL SALE, TEH »!LUQN BOXES
- ____
d visit DR. JORDAN'S orcat*)
kUSEUES OF fifttTOiY?
0 S^ lS««US£SI85.lat.iii«7i.3.r.»!. A
O cu^nSVv vra " a - yf—kammt »r t* r mmcud A
X fc9 Sfi d " eMe S»»«l»rly «r.4 kj !h* o!d«»I Y
* «SJ«I S P ec *" i: " **« Coixs - E»t-3*yetr«. Q
A l\%gph 03. J3SDAH-0ISEASES OF f4E.N A
\ Pwif JH Coa«alt*tiea fres sad itri/tiy ortnte. \
' V i J&viO T '»»™e 3 « ««rrotsliy or br letter. A A
! ' \ ■ V Vlf nmltw Curt la trety case uaenaxta. \
' ApR 110 w »;ie fnr Book. rnil.OROPaV mt A
V * y H 1 * sUBniAtn. uailko rums, (ay
X fl (J. T»!u«blc bmnk for Bra) \
V nil. JtlRD*S4('O, U51 Mnr-^»t St-.8. P 9
C-o^a>^fe^v^^nv^>^^^sa^^'<fc>-^0
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
13 A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIOORa-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
T *J5i° io , r . "»• 8 « a *» Orrans, for both aeiei!^
_The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of th«
Kidney- and Bladder Sell, on It. own £j£
' «~, ?. A » ER . ALFS & BRUNE. Arents.
S28 Market St.. S. F— (Sead for Circulars.)
RRTTQWPQ FOR BARBERS. BAX-
XJXlUOJQJLO •"• bootblacks, bath-
. ■ houses, billiard tables.
Brewers, bookbinders, candy makers, canaersv
dyers, flour mlU». foundries, laundries, paper-
naneera. printers. ■ painter*, shoe - factories
stablemen, . tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
BTJCHATtAN 1BOS.,
Bmah Mannf actuxers. 609 Sacnunento St.
|ASTHMANOLA|
Xa the only cure for 'nervous and
. Branchial ASTHMA.
-Tour Dregjrist or at 693 HAIGHT ST..
' * - - San ■ Francisco. -' Cal.
B A B of% Ammunition, Hantlnc and
B'i «IV Sporting Goods. l^arsett
| b Q J lu itcck. Lowest prices. 3end
V^J l«^y SHREVE CO.,
; < Tit Market ' sc and - 821
. Kearny au - '
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Now If a Cold, Why
Don't You Buy a
GAS
HEATER !|
I — , \
It wiil ,
warm the
i
room cheaply
'■ and quick//.
!
j
fw Sals by
THE
GAS
COMPANY
| 415 POST
i
> .— — — — . — — — . —————.
P "Heartvy Cheer" |l
g "Merry Good Will" H
I OLD KIRK WHISKY I
M The Whisky of good £]
|| A. P. HOTALINC <& CO. ||
|1 429-43? Jackson St., S. F. j
UNITED STATES BRANCH
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
* — — OF J fHP ■ !
THURINGU
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF ERPURT. IN GERMAXT. OS THO
31st day of December. A. D. 1903. and toe
the year endln* on that day. as mad« to tb*
Insurance CoromtsaioBer of th» Stat* of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the. prorljion* of sections
fflO and 611 of U>a Political Cod*, eonden***
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner:
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. (394,770 S3
I Cash In Corapany'B Office 21» 7J
j Cash in Banks 176.79S 1*
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 243 63
Premiums in due Course of Col-
lection 201.460 04
Total Assets .I1.J73.4S3 35
LIABIWrTES.
Losses In orocess of Adjustment
or in sasp-nse $33,872 CO
losses restated. Including; expenses , 13,5«i ei
Grcss Premiums on Fire Risks
running one year or less. W32:-
S61 95: reinsurance 50 per cent.. 439,430 09
Cress Premiums en Fir? Risks
running mere than one year.
$613,404 47: reinsurance pro rata 331.116 7»
All other liabilities .'. 73.661 M
Total Liabilities ...S323.643 -17
INCOME.
Net ea?h actually received for Tin
Premiums ...J1.1C2.8S3 53
Received for Interest and dividends
en Bonds. Stocks. Loans and
from all other sources 37,«37 33
Received from heme office 3.012 ta
Total income -ISl^g
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount oald for Fire Losses
(Including $11,520 94. losses cf
previous years) , $827,063 13
Paid or allowed for Ccmralsston or
Brokera*e ••••• 356.362 77
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
- charges- for officers, clerks, etc.. 63.273 13
Paid for State. National and Local
Taxes 24.42i> 7*
All other Dayments and expendi-
tures 46,322 «8
Total Expenditures $1,110,450 53
Lcsses Incurred duiinr the year..$S79.33; H
Risks ft Premiums | Fir* Risks. Prtoluas
Net amount Risks
written during the
year 1111.417.523 OS $1,379,684 34
Net amount Risks
expired during the
year 121.247.344 20 1.423.SM 29
N*t amount in
fore* Dec. 31. 1003 103.CS0.437 S3 1.4C8.33* 43
* F. G. VOSS. United States Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 22d
day of January, 1904.
EDWIX F. CORET.
Commissioner for California in New York.
PACIFIC COAST AGEKCY:* • -.-
VOSS, CONRAD & GO.
208 Saasome St., Sao Francisco, Cal.
Prescriptions 34,406 and 7.
GTTAKAXTTSiro CUBE TOS UX2T.
HAX3CJ3SS Xir JSCTXOir. Cures ordinary
cas»s In a Tew days. Warranted to cure
worst cases. WO OTHSS TZUSATVSaTT
BEQUIXEB. Prevents and Cures Stric-
tures. PUEVEHT3 CONTAGIOST. Harm-
less." $2.00 for both bottles. For sale only
7. S. KBUT*S PHARMACY. 102 Eddy.
(l --patents! f)
MARKET ST.Sf.^SgS^
m4&P*&*M MEHMOWQMElt.
-Cw Big Ofornnsktcnvl
cfsZWu lut iM-nSA dltch»rg9«Jna*aini»tions,
BSauf eu»st«4 |J Irritktioas or aleeratioaa
Mt&JE ■»•» » Krtotar*. of mnooas membrana*.
i^~T[ rrmmm CwImIw- PsiaUis, aad not «itrta«
K?lTH£ETUtCnmtJU.C3. g»ot or poiionocr,
Vgyjiv 0. S> a. IST or Mnt ta *'* la *W9***
jhtar" bj •xprew, prepaid. fa»
TnfiratSti^ H * 1M * orSb * tu ** 83 - 7X
78
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
•TOHX D. EPRECKKLS ♦ Proprietor
ADDRESS ALL. COMMUNTCATIOfft TO
JOHN McXAUGHT Manager
FCBLICATION OFTICB THIRD AND MARKET STREETS. SAN FRANCISCO
WEDNESDAY ,. . . .DECEMBER 21, 1904
FIXING RAILROAD RATES.
THE carefully qualified recommendation of the President that
the Interstate Commerce Commission be empowered, in certain
cases, to fix railroad rates, has called out a very general dis
cussion. None of those who have been in this general debate seem
to have remembered that the Supreme Court of the United States
has furnished light and instruction upon this interesting and im
portant subject.
In the early stages of public regulation of railroads, when the
matter was in the heat of passion and prejudice, many State Legisla
tures entered upon the business of rate making, with the result that
entirely unworkable laws were passed, that caused more oppression
io the shipper than they did vexation to the roads. As injury to the
railroads was the purpose of the passion in which these laws were
passed, that plan was abandoned and the country entered upon the
second stage of railroad regulation by the creation of executive
commissions for that purpose.
Where these were invested with powers beyond rate making
they proved useful to the railroads and to the people. Such of
them as had visitorial powers to inspect track and structures, build
ings and facilities furnished to shippers proved useful and justified
their creation. But the fixing of rates by such commissions has
proved to be as difficult as the same\ duty was when it was treated
as a legislative function. Many attempts were made and many
failures recorded. Finally, in the Minnesota cases, the right to fix
rates was carried into the courts, and the issue went up the line
to the Supreme Court of the United States. That bench decided
that making rates is dealing with'property rights, with the property
rights of the shipper and of the corporation, and according to the
Federal constitution this can be done only by due process of law.
The court reaffirmed the principle that the only due process of law
is the judicial process, and that no matter where rate making starts,
whether in the freight department of a railroad, or in a State Legis
lature or a State commission, if protested it must come under judicial
_ C V iC \> . •
This was a wonderfully illuminating decision. It was the first
r?eful guidance upon the subject that the country has received. It
did not obsolete the rate making power of the Legislature, nor the
delegation of that power to an executive commission, but it erected
the right of appeal from either to the courts for the protection of
the rights of property. Since then we have had but few attempts at
rate making, and the railroads have enjoyed their independence.
Their recent disclosure of the new bill of lading, by which it is in
tended to avoid the liability of common carriers, and transfer the
insurance risk to the shipper, is evidence that independence long
enjoyed is subject to abuse, and the President's recommendation calls
to the front the old issue of rate making and public supervision, di
rected at that point where public interests are most affected by rail
road policy. —
An examination of the whole subject, in a business temper and
without prejudice, discloses a few poinefc of friction and a few princi
ples of adjustment. No one will dispute that the skill and expe
rience required in rate making and classification are hard to find
outside of the freight departments of railroads. The history of
public rate making furnishes many examples of injury to one class
of shippers while trying to conserve the interests of another class.
The long war between the long and short haul rate is an instance
of this. But when a rate infringes the rights of a shipper, it is his
property right that suffers and he must seek judicial protection.
Here appears the advantage of the railroad. The individual
shipper must challenge it alone in the courts.. Against its resources
in litigation he must put his, the man against the Corporation. From
the court of first instance on up the steep and stony path of appeal
be must maintain the unequal struggle. As a rule he falls and quits
in the court of original jurisdiction, and surrenders the property
right involved rather than persist in getting it judicially vindi
cated.
Now the suggestion of all this is plain. The Congress is em
powered by the constitution to create inferior courts and define and
limit their jurisdiction. The conversion of the Interstate Commerce
Commission into such a bench will carry out the President's recom
mendation and the decision of the Supreme Court in regard to the
<Jue process of law. That commission, clothed with judicial powers,
made a court of first instance for use by shippers and railroads,
should have its procedure so defined that no delay can occur to em-
barrass and exhaust the individual litigant. There should be no
change of forum or venue permitted, and none of the other dilatory
technicalities of procedure. The complaint against a rate should be
filed as a petition for relief. The answer should be compulsory within
a fixed limit. When it is made the issue should be promptly joined
and tried upon the facts, and the entering of the decree should be as
prompt as is consistent with justice. The plaintiff could in his
petition impeach the rate that he attacks and declare that which he
regards as reasonable and just. The defendant corporation would
in rejoinder impeach the rate he proposed and by testimony vindi
cate its own. The decree, then, of necessity, establishes a rate, by
judicial process, and fulfills the President's suggestion, while judi
cially safeguarding the rights of property.
This removes the objection to putting the. rate question in the
hands of a political body like the Interstate Commerce Commission
as now constituted. The judicial commission would be soon recog
nized as an impartial body, unmoved by prejudice and impervious to
passion, seeking to do justice by applying the principles of legal
analysis and construction to an issue that affects every article of
commerce produced by the people for profit and consumed by the
people for the support of life. In such a court the individual suitor
could appear fearlessly. The provisions against the law's delay
would make him equal in right and privilege and power to all the
railroads of the country in combination, and it would not be neces
sary for him to lose in the costs of litigation that property he defends
by appeal to the law.
In our jurisprudence it has come to pass that property rights
have largely been consigned to equity for protection, because in a
large area covered by those rights the law is inadequate. So it may
come to pass that this court will be largely an equity court, and
from its decisions there will be few appeals. It should be a bench
before which a railroad is just as sure of equity as is an individual.
This matter of regulation of railways has gone through its
legislative and executive stages without settlement. It has taken
two steps forward from the position in which the Dartmouth College
decision planted the rights of property held by public franchise.
They have been steps forward in fact, and not merely, in number.
They were evolutionary, and like the development on judicial lines
*>f all interests in this country, they have intended respect for all
rights without unequal advantage to any. To put the issue at the
angle of repose one more step has been necessary. The, country
could not go on forever with the railroads appealing to the courts as
in the Texas cases, from a rate fixed by a Legislature or by an
executive commission. Nor could the situation much longer bear
the strain of an Interstate Commerce Commission invested, only
with the power of discovery, and divested of the right of remedy by
enforcement of its judgments. A forward movement was essential.
The President has defined it. Now let us move forward and put
the issue in the hands of equity and settle it by due process of, law.
Methodist preachers. at, conference, speak of their "appointments and dis
eppointments." Dr. Crum, of - Charleston, thinks that; 'he knows Just what
they mean. — Atlanta Journal.
Every time a 50 to 1 shot comes in at the race . track a large number of
people feel sure they would have had a bet on if they had only been there.
Washington Star.
lf we 6urvive the hysteria of finding out what the Simple Life U we will
ce strong enough to lead any kind of life. — New York Press.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. DECEMBER 21, 1904.
PORT ARTHUR'S
AMAZON SLAIN
The Novy Krai of November 12 con
tains a romantlo Btory of a Russian,
Haritent Korotklewitch, who, although
a woman, served with valor ln^ many
fights till death closed her strange ca
reer. The Novy Krai gives numerous
details, which render the authenticity
of the story undoubted.
Her husband was serving in Port
Arthur, and, endeavoring to rejoin him,
she was stopped at Harbin and not al
lowed to proceed, on the ground that
6he was a woman. She thereupon don
ned masculine attire and reached Port
Arthur shortly before the landing of
the Japanese. She soon found her hus
band's regiment and enlisted in It. She
participated in numerous sorties and
helped in the defenses of Corner Hill.
Although her sex was soon discovered,
her record for bravery and tlrelessness,
and attention to the wounded, won her
permission to remain in the ranks.
Her husband fell wounded while fight
ing by her side. She nursed him
through the critical moments of his
illness and then returned to the front,
where she became a messenger to Cap
tain Gouzakofsky, of the Thirteenth
Regiment, riding fearlessly to and from
the various positions, unaffected by the
din and danger of battle.
On October 16, when visiting the
trenches with dispatches, a huge shell
struck and destroyed the earthworks,
killing her and eight others. They were
buried in one grave, with a flag around
her body.
The Novy Krai concludes by saying
that she had won the respect and ad
miration not only of the soldiers, but
also of the higher officers, and had
shown all how to die nobly. — London
News.
AFTERWARD.
I walked myself upright, alone,
Xor asked of any aught of aid;
Before me straight my course was laid,
I knew each corner stone.
But, ah! Love took my hand one day,
A moment stayed, then left again;
I started on. but. strange, :ince then
I cannot find my way!
— Town Topics.
Had Heard of It.
Young Professor (who has taken her
down to dinner)— By. the way, Miss
Gaswell, have you ever seen the nebula
of Andromeda?
Miss ! Gaswell— No;'I was abroad with
papa and mamma when that was
played. But I've heard that It drew
crowded houses. — Chicago Tribune.
His Conclusions
"I'm afraid, Johnny," said the Sun
day-school teacher, rather sadly, " that
I shall never meet you in the better
land."
"Why? What have you been doin'
now?"— Pick Me Up.
Italy and Spain have fewer houses
in proportion to their population than
any other country in the world. The
Arge > ntine > ~ReDUb.Uc;,ft'n,d, t IJ^guay .have
the' most. '.' " ' . ."'■ . •
BEYOND THE DEPOT
THE stranger stopped and cour
teously lifted his hat.
"Can you direct me — " he be
gan, then broke off to remark:
"You're in trouble. Can I help
you?"
The girl dabbed hastily at her eyes.
"No, no, no!" And then, an arch
look sparkling up at him from under
the rainbow of her wet lashes, "Un
less you can prevent my stepmother
from taking boarders!"
A quizzical responsiveness flashed
into his keen eyes. He put down
his suit case and wiped his hot fore
head. The grassy bank by the road
side where the girl sat looked rest
fully tempting.
"I've never been 1 called upon to ex
ercise my powers of persuasion or
intimidation in that particular re
spect," he assured her gravely. "I
might try, though. Do you mind if
I sit down a few moments while you
state the case in its entirety?" .
She knew he was laughing at her,
and she laughed too. She , switched
her pink dimity skirts closer, which
is a woman's way of giving permis
sion.
He tossed his Panama hat on the>
b'ank and sat down beside her. He
looked long and lithe. His features
were irregular, and there was. a tinge
of red in his straight brown hair. But
his gray eyes were handsome, " and
had laughter-loving lines about them.
"And why does this presumably
estimable woman insist on taking
boarders? And what kind of boarders
honor her establishment? And — why
do you object?"
"One question at a time, if you
please," she ordained . demurely.
"Well, why does she take board
ers?"
"In the hope that some one of them
will marry Harriet." ." / ■■-.
"And who Is Harriet?"
"Her daughter." pMlji
"Oh! And do none of the — the In*
dividuals honored by such a hope re
ciprocate her ambition?"
His companion wistfully contem
plated'the tip of her shoe.
"No," she sighed. "Not one, so far."
"And why?" he asked..
"Because," she confessed!, forlornly,
"they fall in love with me!" i
"All of them?" he exclaimed, r.yi
She flashed on him a battery- of
dusk brilliant eyes."
"Why not?" she counter-qunestioned.
"Ah, very true!" acknowledged "the
young man. "They * couldn't help
themselves, I'm sure. Poor devils!"
"Don't ;waste any pity on them," she
advised coolly. . . ■
"I don't, really. I'm thinking of the
next victim. _ You Bee in the midst of
life we are— or are apt to be— In love!"
She laughed, swinging her pink sun
bonnet by the strings.
"But you haven't told me," he went
on, "what kind 'the boarders are."
She made a comical little grimace and
shook her head.
"Assorted ages, sizes, professions —
■what dry goods men call a job lot.
But they're all distinctly eligible. .Mrs.
Macreath wouldn't take any- other." ; >
An odd smile crept around his mouth.
"And how many are there at the
house now?" he persisted.
"Four," she answered. ' ',
"And each of the four In love with
you?"- . . .
She hesitated conscientiously.
"I'm not quite sure about The Be-
HERE'S A WOMAN
WHOSE HUSBAND
NE'ER KISSED HER
THE UXKISSED WIFE.
UNKISSED at-the age of 70 years,
Eli Richardson went to his grave
last week, says the Martin (Tenn.)
correspondent • of the Philadelphia
North American.
It had been Richardson's boast
through life that he had never put his
lips to a woman's, although. he marj
ried for love and "lived happily ever
afterward."
His disdain for osculation hung on a
pin.
An incident at a social held in the
South before the Civil War led him to
eschew, the joys of woman's lips for
life. A game was being played by the
guests in which the young women had
to forfeit a kiss to her captor.
Young Richardson's timidity being
known, a plot was laid to get him to
kiss a girl." She placed a pin in her
mouth, and when Eli's bashful lips
were to press hers she was to prick his
lips with the pin.
The fateful moment came. Eli de
murred, but was prevailed upon to
yield to temptation.
He started to implant the kiss, but
his eye caught the gleam of the pin
and he refused. From that day until
his death he never kissed a woman.
BY KATE W CLEflRY.
reaved," she replied truthfully. "I'm
afraid he considers me frivolous. His
dear departed was not frivolous. From
his confidences I infer that she was
depressingly proper and most madden
inr»'y industrious."
She looked down at the slim, pink
fingers idly swaying the sunbonnet,
and again shook her head.
"Rut the others?" he prompted.
"Oh, two of them are very far gone
indeed!" she replied briskly. "And
Harlow's coming."
He saw the corners of her lips
twitch suspiciously.
"You seem to have diagnosed their
"Can I Keep Your*
cases pretty plainly," he remarked
grimly.
She disclaimed credit with an airy
wave of the Viands.
"Oh, that's nothing when you're used
to it," she declared.*
"And how about Miss Harriet?" he
demanded.
"You've never seen •' Harriet, or you
wouldn't ask. Oh! Here she comes!
She is looking for me. I won't go in
and can cherries this glorious day!"'
She was on her feet and in a flash
had scrambled up the bank and ' had
taken • refuge behind a clump ;of wild
plum bushes. "The stranger saw a very
fat girl. coming down the path. She
waddled along quite breathlessly. Her
large, round, face was an'ocher\mono
tone in hue. '", Her tow-colored hair was
piled up under a lace-draped baby hat,
suitable" only to faces-the daintiest,
the most piquant, and it gave' to
her countenance the ludicrous sug
gestlveness of a frilled cheese. Uncom
fortably." tight appeared her 'gown : of
foulard silk that constrained her ample
charms. She peered? from side to side
as she advanced. ; •- .;'•„' \ ,
"Maureen," she called. ' "You're
IS THERE LIFE
ON THE MOON?
It has been said that* carbonic acid
gas may be vomited from the moon's
craters, besides water vapor. So slight
is the attraction of the moon for other
bodies that oxygen must escape from
its surface with much the same rapid
ity as hydrogen escapes from the
earth. By reason of Its heaviness car
bonic acid gas, however, must cling
to the moon with great tenacity — a
circumstance that is of the utmost im
portance to the astronomers who have
given us the new moon. Carbonic acid
gas is the food of plants on the earth.
I«j it possible that it may nurture re*e
tation on the moon?
It happens that at times there may
be observed on the moon areas what
Professor Pickering — by whom they
have been most closely studied — has
termed "variable spots," because they
darken very rapidly after sunrise and
gradually disappear toward sunset.
They cannot be caused by shadows:
for shadows would be at least visible
when " the sun is directly overhead.
They appear most quickly at the equa
tor and invade the higher altitudes
after a lapse of a few days. In the
polar regions they have never been
seen. What are they? Organic life
resembling vegetation, answer Profes
sor Pickering and his adherents —
vegetation that nourishes luturiantly
while the sun shines and withers when
night falls. Given a plane/ on which
the temperature probably never rises
above .the melting point of ice, on
which Vater vapor and carbonic acid
gas are discharged by volcanoes, is
there anything in the nature of things
why vegetation should not exist? It
has been pointed out that certain
lichens grow in regions of the earth
where the temperature never rises
above the freezling point. The intense
cold of the moon is therefore not a con-,
elusive objection against the flourish
ing plant life. A single day, it may be
urged, is not sufficiently long for the
development and decay of vegetation;
but sixteen hours on the moon are lit
tle more than half an hour on the
earth; a day lasts half a month, and
may well be regarded as a miniature
season. The absence of storms on
the moon and the fact that a branch
would be urged upward with but one
sixth the. effort required on the earth,
are inestimable , advantages of this
mooted lunar vegetation over ter
restrial plant life. — Waldemar B.
Kaempffert, in the December Book
lovers' Magazine.
Not Purely Vegetable.
"Yes." said the long-naired, man,
munching his apple, "I'm a strict veg
etarian."
"You mean you think you are," re
plied the observant man.
: "What do you mean by that?"
"I mean that I noticed a x worra in
that bit of apple you just swallowed."
—Catholic Standard.
The great number of recent railway
accidents in Spain is ascribed to the
rapacity of the companies, which, in
their eagerness to declare large divi
dends, neglect improvements and re
pairs.
wanted. Ma wants you. Mau-ree-in!"
When she had disappeared there was
the glimmer of a pink gown. Maureen
ran down into the path.
"I must go home, I suppose. There's
the new man's room to put in order.
My stepmother has no need to take
boarders. Papa left her well off. But
she thinks it's the only way to get Har
riet married."
The traveler sprang up and lifted his
suit case.
"She'd have a better chance that,"
he averred positively, "if she'd do
something else first."
"What's that?" They were walking
along the tree-embowered way to
gether. "' 'j . 7
"Exile — banish — annihilate you!"
She laughed gayly. "Oh, I'm not
really formidable in that respect. For
I don't intend to get married."
"Not ever?" he queried, leaning for
ward that he might look into the small,
serious face. '. ,
"Oh, perhaps, when I'm very old —
twenty-nine or thirty; not before!" she
decided resolutely, t "And only then
if "
"Well?"
"He's so adorable I can't help myself!
I Jive here. Good-by. You go on to Mr.
Brown's, I suppose. They are expect
ing a cousin. It's the second house to
the right."
The yowng man laid his arm across
the gate post barring her way.
"Wait a minute. I don't see what
you had to cry about to-day," he re
marked irrelevantly.
Eyes, dimples and smiles all daz
zled him.
"I don't know either," she admitted.
"Why — what — are you coming in
here?"
For he was keeping right on by her
side.
"I certainly am. t I'm the new man,
who took an earlier train than I had
Intended. My^ name Is Cedric Farrell.
And I'm going to stay here, too." he
concluded stubbornly, "until you've
reconsidered your rash decision."
Her delicate face x was on fire. "My
— my what decision?" she faltered. .
"Not to be married for a long, long
time." ....
"And do you think you will suc
ceed?" she asked tremulously.
He flung up his head with the vic
torious air of a man going confidently
Into battle. ,
"I think I will," he answered quiet
ly. "I'll try hard enough. Don't you
think it's possible, Maureen?"
"All things are possible," murmured
a little laughter shaken voice from
the depths of the pink sunbonnet.
"But — but you mustnjt call me Mau
reen yet." '
"I won't," promised this audacious
young man promptly. "I won't if you
prefer not, I darling! "
"Well, I never!" she panted.
"Of course you never!" he cried
Joyously. "I knew you had never, or
you wouldn't be so — " ;
There was a swirl of orisp pink
skirts as she fled by him into the
house. He laughed' as he followed
her, and kept, on laughing.
(Copyright, 1904, by Kate M. Cleary.)
No Runaways in Russia.
Runaway horses are /unknown in
Russia. No one* drives there without
having, a thin cord,\ with a : Yunning
noose, around the neck of the animal.
When an animal starts the cord is
pulled .and the horse stops ; as soon
as it feels the pressure on the wind
pipe.
*THE SMART SET*
BY SALLY SHARP.
The tea given yesterday by Mrs. Jo
seph Anderson Chanslor and Mrs.
Frederick Wilson Klmball was one of
the most enjoyable of the season. By
reason of its originality the affair was
exceedingly entertaining. The affair
had an atmosphere of Jollity and good
cheer. The air of Christmas pervaded.
Mistletoe and berries were In luxuriant
evidence, and there was a Christmas
tree majestically scintillating with
pretty colored lights. '•'.
In halls, drawing-room and dining
room great masses of poinsettias lent
their brilliant coloring. , and the home
fairly radiated hospitality. Holiday
greetings were exchanged with the
pouring of tea and the happy event
was attended by several hundred call
ers.
Receiving with Mrs. Chanslor and
Mrs. Kimball were Miss Daisy Van
Ness, Miss Elsie Kimball, Mrs. Latham
McMullin, Mrs. Norris Davis, Mrs.
Astiton Potter, Mrs. James Follis. Mrs.
W. H. Taylor Jr., Mrs. Augustus Tay
lor, Mrs. W. S. Porter. Mrs. William
Thomas, Mrs. Frederick Jacobs. Mrs.
B. F. Thomas, Mrs. Frank Bates, Mrs.
Hopps. '^ V
• • • •
Mrs. Wakefleld Baker's home on Pa
cific avenue was the scene of a happy
gathering of young folk yesterday. Mrs.
Baker's niece, Miss Helen Thomas, en
tertained at luncheon and gave the fol
lowing merry guests a delightful after
noon:
Miss Carol Moore, Miss Malsle Lang
horne. Miss Ursula Stone, Miss Mar
garet Hyde-Smith, Miss Edna Davis,
Miss Helene Irwin, Miss Sybil 'Hodges,
Miss Helen Baker.
Red carnations were abundantly used
with candelabra shades of the same
hue.
The young hostess. Miss Thomas, oc
cupies the novel position of fiancee
without having become a debutante,
though she frequently is seen with the
young set and at their affairs.
Covers for six. will be laid this eve
ning by Mr. and Mrs. Adolphus Graup
ner, who will entertain Miss Mary Bell,
Miss Lalla Wenzelburger, Charles
Aiken, Henry Morse Stephens.
expectations are forerunning
the Greenway dance, which will take
place on Friday night at the Palace
Hotel.
In costume our many beautiful
women and winsome debutantes will
accentuate their attractiveness, for the
garb of other days and other charac-
MIRROR OF DAME FASHION.
A Chic Little Two-Piece Frock of Gray and Red Checked
Wool Cloth, Trimmed With Red Taffeta Silk and Gray
Bone Buttons. It Is Worn With a White Flannel Shirt
waist.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
MARRIAGE LICENSE — Inauirer.
A marriage license Issued in California
is serviceable only in the county in
which issued.
POPULATION— Subscriber. Oakland,
Cal. The census In 1S50 showed that
the population of California in that
year was 92,597, the census of 1900
showed 1,485,053. '
MUSSEL. ROCK— A. O. S.. City. The
large openings in what is known as
"Mussel Rock" on the beach, nine miles
south of the Cliff House, are the work
of nature, and not of man. so says one
of the oldest residents of that section
of the country.
LEGAL RIGHTS— A.. Vallejo. CaL
The question as to what you can do
with certain property and what riehts.
if any, your children would have in the
same, is one that calls for a learal opin
ion, and not one of the class answered
In this department. You would better
submit the same to a'flrst-class attor
ney.
GOVERNMENT POSITIONS— O. H.
M.. City. Positions in the United States
Revenue Department, Mint and. Post
offlce are obtained under civil service
rules. Application blanks may be se-
ters lends piquancy to natural charm?.
'Twill be a pretty sight and an occa
sion for merriment.
Miss Elinor Croudace entertained a
number of callers last Sunday at tea, in
her home. 1331 Vallejo stre_et.
The affair was in honor of Miss
Michael! tschke, who has just completed
a tour of the world and has resided
for some years in Dresden.
Five tables of bridge were provided
yesterday afternoon by Mrs. Edward
Pond for the guests whom she charm
ingly entertained at her home on Gough
street. Decorations of greens and ber
ries were In generous quantities, ex
haling a holiday atmosphere.
Miss Marl* Voorhies was the guest
of honor among a dozen youngr friends
whom Miss Phelan entertained^ yester
day at luncheon.
Pink was used exclusively for tabl*
decoration, bridesmaid roses being the
special feature.
• • •
The holidays will be made very mer
ry and attractive for the young friends
of Mrs. Hattie Crocker Alexander. She
has oDened her cottage at Tuxedo and
will entertain hospitably. All th« win
ter sports will be indulged- In unstint
edly and the young folks will revel In
skating and slelghridlng.
Mrs. Charles H. Glenn of Jacinto.
with her sister. Miss Gertrude Bates, is
at the Lick. •:*,
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. "W. R. Wheeler ar« at
the Hotel Cecil, having Just returned
from San Diego.
• • •
Among those who will entertain din
ner guests this evening preceding the
charity ball are Mr. and Mrt. Frede
rick KohL
• • •
Dr. and Mrs. George Franklin Shiels
have taken apartments at the "West
minster, New York.
Miss Charlotte Wilson will be guest
of honor at a luncheon given to-day by
Mrs. Hyde-Smith.
Miss Carolan will entertain Miss
Natalie Coffin at tea to-day.
Mins Annie Frances Briggs was "at
home" yesterday in her pretty new
studio, 639 Kearny street, and will re
ceive again to-day.
cured at the department for which a
person wants to be examined. All de
sired Information will be furnished bv
the clerk of the local board.
PICTURE HANGING W. B. A
City. Picture hanging is a matter of
taste with the owner of the same Pic
tures should always be placed in a
room with the idea of producing the
best possible effect. Oftentimes the
height of a room has much to do with
the hanging of pictures, high or low
therefore it depends upon conditions. A
person having many pictures to place
upon the walls of his home should con
sult either an artist or a professional
picture-hanger. If he is not himself dos
sessed of artistic taste.
Time to send Townsend's Glace Fruits
by Express for Christmas. •
Townsend's California Glace frnlts to
artistic flre-etched boxes. T15 Market st
and Wakelee's Drug Store. •
This week best gold eyeglasses, specs.
20c to 50c (sold in store $3-54). at 79 4th.
front .of celebrated Oyster Restaurant. •
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and publlo men by tae
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 3J Call*
lornla street. Telephone Mala 19U» *CLOUDS OF WAR
OVER BALKANS
Indications That the Sultan
Will Inaugurate a Cam
paign Against Bulgaria
TO SECURE ARTILLERY
Turkey Prepares to Float
a Loan in Order to Equip
Herself for a Struggle
SAXOXICA, European Tork*y. Dec
3ft. — Tfcg coastact arrival here of muni
tions of war haa led to a revtral of talk
of the possibility of a campaign against
Bulgaria.
A detachment of Torfejbslk troops on
Deoezaber IS «Ttwf>in«f«M| & Bulgarian
band of : smsty-fire men In the ilerl
boro district.
A csnaber of minor affairs are re
ported, lsdartng the l£Itts£ of a Greek
priest »-.d fovr peasants near Fertepe.
• OOXSTJLSTCXOPLE. Dec 39.— Ths
Goverc^nent has nearly completed ar
rarggsaests vlth a foreign financial
•Cxwip, through the Ottoman Bank, for
a. loan of about $12,930,000 to purchase
new artillery. The occasion of the re-
arm&sient is the reaent Bulgarian pnr
chase of QUlck-dics guns xrhich deep
ly Impressed tie Sultan.
Special s&2« of Boavrcir * having mags
asd sharing octfits. Decketcsaa Bros,
!♦« 72Us street. •
BXO JAXETXO. Dec 29. — A cill fa*"^y
t>»- fm i »nn~ of arr iriiziooB orders and to
KfSM t£sis^os t» foreign friars and naas
fc»» been strotf'saed *■ the Qujsber.
ADYEKTKESEENTS.
~ ■ j
=====
See Our Big
Christmas
Specials in
: n f I Neckwear,
***^*»' Fai\cy Shirts,
p White Shirts,
Y Half Hose,
I Pajamas,
P Night Shirts,
jit Sweaters, . j
1 Umbrellas, —,
C Suspenders,
Suit* Cases
(TorMpn I and Other
g On left Furnishings.
A rlarct tirocsrli oar complete stock tells
more in five zalaates than wonid a pa*e
cf description.
•\ . .
CPEsr EvrzrzsGS nrra 10.
1036-1038 Market, St.
Junction Turk and Market*.
! CALIFORNIA WOMAN'S
HOSPITAL
■ i
The Annual Donation Days
FOR THE
FREE WARD
Will Be Held on
WEDNESDAY, THURSDAY
«nd FRIDAY, December
2i, 22 and 23,
At the Following Places:
Messrs. GOLDBERG.
BOWEN & CO/S, 232 Satter st. |
THE D. SAMUELS LACE !
HOUSE, 233 Sutter st.
asd at the
HOSPITAL, 3118 Sacramento j
Street
An urgent appeal is made for !
help, es the need is unusually j
great Gifts of money, gro- j
ceries, bed linen, etc. etc., will
be gratefully received.
t
FOR WOMEN
8OT2 CKHTlflT ETEIKGE, S2.OO.
Patented Msrch £. l^w*.
Tfee n*suJt of I?.' \ezre' Exp^rienc*.
• It >s new. eimcle. efficient sjsd ben«?firisJ.
infKter refunded If not pie«s»<J. Srad itarr.;
f«r ranspfclet. Show the :&".; hi. t to yaar
erujnrlst sji6 tell Mm to fret it for yoa. For
*klRKWOO» RUBBER CO.. 305 Lerlda rt..
Eit' FYar.cifco, CsJ.
EDVTIN JOT. t>nnrtlrt. ccraer Kearny ted
California, eta.
. «RS. VAX ACEEX'S OXTGEX INSTI-
TUTE. 813 V«n Ness ave.. near ElUs.
. (Cat this out.)
\A/. X. HESS,
{rotary Public aafl Attcraey-et-Law.
Testli i'.oor. Room 1010, CUu* Epreckels blig.
Telecbua* JItlr. 8S3.
Resldeu*. 1K& UcAlltder st.
F^cSdesce Te>phcc» Pas* reil.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
LEAST HOOFS ASS EK7XXOHTS.
▲H kir.is repaired. Globe Eheet al«-tal Works.
I17ft-llTi» Mlialcn st. Phone Main MCL
OILS.
fctTBIUCATINa OIL^; LEONARD & ELLJSw
41S Frcr.i sU. E. F. Pbocw Main 1719.
' ———
. . 72XHTZ2TQ.
E;CflUGflES, ' WS S5^.
CHIEF WITTMAN
DENIES RUMOR
Story That He Anticipates
Being Ousted Is Branded
an Absolute Falsehood
qjOXGUES' AEE WAGGING
Many Who Pretend to Know
Say That the Department
WiU Have Another Head
Rumors of changes in the Police De
partment are rife simw the findings of
the Commissioners on the Chinatown
scandal were given out. One of the
rumors that found credence yesterday
was that Chief Wlttman. was to be
ousted. Later a story waa circulated
that Wutxaan had admitted to friends
that be anticipated such u fate.
The Chief denounces this story as a
falsehood. "1 have nothing to be afraid
of," he said. '"The statement that I "an
ticipate being ousted is utterly ab
surd. Of course, there Is no police
force that is infallible, but I think that
1 have raised the San Francisco depart
rarai to a standard of efficiency as
high as that of any city in the coun
try."
When asked why the Commissioners
had not voted to specifically exonerate
the Chief, as they had the Mayor and
A. Ruef in connection with the China
town scandal. Commissioners Drink
house and Reagan said: "We do not
think that the Police Department has
cleared itself. There was gambling in
Chinatown and It was permitted to go
on."
"The Chief Is responsible for his men,
isn't her" remarked Commissioner
Reagan. "We will know more after the
trial • We will deal with the men at
that time. Other matters are for the
Grand Jury to investigate."
In regard to this statement Chief
Wlttman said: "My bonds do not guar
antee the integrity of all the men on the
force. If I am to be held responsible
for the honesty of each and every po
liceman under me I would have a big
contract on my hands. There is noth
ing in my conduct as Chief of Police
that needs defense. I stand on my rec
ord."
Commissioner Hutton declined to
make a statement regarding his atti
tude toward the Chief. Commissioner
Howell reiterated the statement that
he saw nothing in the evidence offered
to show that any official or citizen of
the city was receiving corruption
money from Chinatown gamblers.
None of the Commissioners seems to
care to discuss the stories of the pro
posed removal of the Chief. The ru
mors, however, came fast. The "real
inside of the whole thing" was spread
by numerous gossipers, who were as
thick as tramps at a lunch counter. Dr.
George I. Drucker and J. George Boyne
were mentioned as "sure things" for
the vacancy to be made by the expira
tion of Commissioner Howell's term in
January. The button-hole information
bureaus also had numerous appointees
for the position of Chief of Police. Va
rious whisperers who 'had it straight"
appointed Commissioner Hutton. Cap
tain Martin and Captain Gleason. And
the tongues are still wagging of
changes to be made and dark horses,
to be appointed.
. Jt is stated^, on what appears to be
good authority, that George Maxwell,
former secretary of the Fire Commis
sioners. will~*ucceed Bert Cadwalader
as secretary of the Police Commission
ers. It is claimed that this was decided
upon when Cadwalader announced that
he would resign.
The three sergeants and five patrol
men' charged with receiving tribute
from the corruption fund of the Chi
r.ese gamblers will be on the stand to-
night. The charges are now up to them
to" disprove, as the findings of the Com
missioners absolve those higher in civic
authority and place the accusation
apaiRFt the Police Department- The
men who must face investigation are:
Sergeants Ellis, Fraher and Brophy,
and Patrolmen C. E. Munn. R. R.
O'Brien. H. T. McGrath, Henry Heinz
ami William Doran of the Chinatown
squad.
«
VSPIRAXTS IX>R POSITIONS.
The complications arising out of the
probable appointments have become
tcmewhat tangled owing: to Civil Ser
vice Commissioner Ropers informing
the Mayor that he would appreciate a
rcappointment until such tiine as he
cecides to assume some Federal po
sition. The Mayor feel? that ht ought
to reappoint Rogers, in view of th» fact
that if he did not it would give his de
tractors an opportunity to say that
Rogers had deserted his standard. If
Rogers Is reap;»ointed it will be tenv
rorarily. and David J. Oliver will suc
ceed him.
It is said by the wise ones that pr.
Joseph Poheim,' a member of /th'-
Poard of Health, has aspirations and
will be named as Fire Commissioner
should Boyne sret the Police Commis-
Bionership. Then, again, David J.
Oliver mipht stand some chance there
fince Rogers' reappointment will shut
h!m out of the Civil Service Cornmis-
Eionership, although for a temporary
period only. The complications might
prevent the reappointment of Elec
tion Commissioner Voorsanger. 2>ut
that 13 not considered probable.
Now that Works Commissioner Ca-
Bey seems to be out of the run
ning for reappointment, according to
the Slayer's own declaration, the gos-
Bips are centering on the .name of
Thomas F. Egan as Casey's successor.
Epan has been mentioned for the place
teveral times in the past wh*n there
waa a vacancy on the board, but with
out any result in his favor. His name
this time, however, will not down. He
is at present storekeeper of the Board
of Education, and if he is decided upon
for advancement it is said that John G.
Fitzgerald will be named as store
keeper.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Q Christmas £/-
I Gifts I
jlThe newest designs
1 1 in such . well-selected
I variety as to meet all
I tastes.
THE NAME BOHM-
BRISTOL, CO. STANDS
AS A GUARANTEE OF
SATISFACTION I N
QUAL.ITT AND PRICE.
OPEN EVENINGS
UNTIL CHRISTMAS
| Bohm-BristolCo.
// Jewelers and
s\J] Silversmiths ;v
f^J 104-110 Geary Street. \f\
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 21. lpO4.
SCORING WORDS
BY McENERNEY
Takes Johnson to Task for
Aspersions on Witnesses
Who Belong to "Society"
CONTEST LACKS PROOF
No Evidence at All to Show
Miss Dolbeer Was Insane
When She Made Her Will
Garret W. McEnerney began argu
ment for the proponents in the Dolbeer
will case after Hiram Johnson had fin
ished his' opening address in behalf of
the contestant yesterday morning.
Johnson once more started a flood of
perspiration in animadverting on the
"society people" who testified as
witnesses in support -of Bertha. Dol
beer's last will and testament, and
another collar was consigned to
the laundry-bag, wilted and flat
tened ' where the chin beat tattoos In
impassioned appeal, but mute evidence
of the flre of words that thrilL
When it came McKnerney's turn, Mr.
Johnson himself became the object of
oratorical castigation. The "Ignoble
appeal to passion," "the fanning of
prejudice," as TtfcEnerney sahl hl8 op
ponent had resorted to by holding up
the witnesses for the proponents as un
worthy because of their wealth and
their standing, were unsparingly de
nounced.
"Such has been Mr. Johnson's man
ner of trial of this case," declared Mc-
Enerney, and his abundant shock of
hair shook to the routs with his ear
nestness. "And when in this country
of ours," he continued, "appeal can be
successful to the prejudices of race, of
religion, of class, of wealth and its dis
tinction, then is the beginning of the
end of our institutions as a nation.
Next to the arrogance of wealth is the
malignant hatred of the poor for the
rich. It is this prejudice of the poor
against the rich that Mr. Johnson has
sought to arouse in the minds of this
jury."
QUOTES FROM {'SIMPLE L.1FE."'
McEnerney brought President Roose
velt and Rev. Charles Wagner into the
case, and quoted freely from "The Sim
ple Life" in his scorings of the "ignoble
appeal" of contestant's counsel.
The oratory of the counsel for pro
ponents continued till the hour of ad
journment, and he will resume this
morning. The following was McEner
ney's address in part.
Th<?re is but one question and only one In
this case. Was Bertha Marion Dolbeer of un.
&ound mind when sne executed her will on
April 2j cf the present year?
The health of the testatrix before that time
and after that time are subsidiary questions.
By insinuation and innuendo counsel for con
testant has sought to make it appear that Etta
Marion Warren exerted an Influence over Miss
l>oibeer and dictated the terms or the instru
ment. But there was no such J**ue raised in
tins contest, and counsel unjustifiably encages
in vagus possibilities anj probabilities, His
whole case abounds in the figment!! of his
imagination.
It it established law that all persons are
presumed to be sane. The writing of a co
herent will itself Is evidence of the
soundness of the testator's mind. The
burden of proof is on the' cont'sUni
to show that Bertha Dolbeer was insane on
April 23. I will call your attention to the fact
that the contestant has not produced a single
witness who. could tell of her mental condition
on that day. Absolutely nothing was proved
tending In* any degree to show that her mind
was unbalanced when ehe signed her testa
ment. The testimony of Mr*. J. L. Moody,
Mrs. Ray Sherman and Mrs. Elizabeth C. Phil
lips is the sum total of tlwlr case. Against the
testimony of Bertha Wilcoxen, the nurse; Dena
Kagmussen, the maid. Joseph Ba*r and Ma
dame Baer of the dressmaking parlors; Mary
KaulkJier. the titter. Leslie Elfendahl. the
chauffeur; A. P. Sutton. the actor; Pierce W.
Moorehouee. the ticket broker, and Addison <*.
Mizner of New York, all of whom testified that
they saw Bertha Dolbeer on April 23, con
versed with her and fcund her rational and
Fane, the confstant has not produced one* Wit
neFs to contradict or show that *he was not of
sound mind. ,
Jn addition to the witnesses that have been
nar&ed the proponents have called many friends
and acquaintances, but not one of them ever
entertained the slightest suspicion of a falling
mind. It is well established in jurisprudence
and in experience that testimony based on such
observation of friends and acquaintances is
the best evidence possible as to sanity cr in
sanity.
ILL HEALTH XO FACTOR
The contestant has striven energetically to
make it appear that Bertha Do'beer wan In
!JJ health. What evidence is that of an un
sound mind? The great majority of wills are
made on the sickbed, and it would be a radical
departure from the principles that obtain to
ba»e a contest on the ground of mental In
competency with no further evidence to sup
port it than the ill health of the person who
made the v.iii.
McEnerney explained that if the will
is broken the estate, by the law of suc
cession, will go to Adoiph Schander. the
contestant; his brother, Horatio Schan
der, and his sister, Mrs. J. L. Moody,
who were brothers and sisters of Mrs.
Dolbeer, the mother of the testatrix.
They are the nearest of kin, there being
no relatives on the father's side closer
than cousins, whom the law would ig
nore. Never since the death of Mrs.
Dolbeer in 1S79 had Adoiph Schander
ever crossed the threshold of John Dol
beer's home. Neither had Mrs. Moody
ever been a visitor at the Dolbeer home
since 1879, until the funeral of Bertha
Dolbeer. Nor did Adoiph Schander or
Mrs. Moody, according to the evidence
in the case, ever speak to John Dolbeer
after the death of his wife; they would
pass him on the street without showing
him a sign of recognition. Continuing,
McEnerney said:
And yet. these people, the contestant and bin
elstcr, contend that the will Js unnatural In
that there were no bequests for them not
withstanding they had been strangers to
Bertha Doibeer's father for twenty-five rears
Fred Moody declared to Douglas WaUon that
the estate wa» none of his pie because he knew
of the relations that had existed and there
fore did not reasonably expect that his mother
would be remembered in the testament.
Moody's judgment was the natural conclusion
and just as be thought was right Miss Dolbeer
did net leave a bequest to his mother or his
uncles, the two Schanders.
Indeed, think of the irony of fate If John
Dolbeer should sleep his sleep of death In
Crpress Lawn Cemetery with the sufferance of
these three people, to care for his grave. They
despised him In life and In life he had no
love for them. Why should It b« that those who
were dearest and nearest to him in life should
not enjoy the fruits of the fortune he had
built up when such was his expressed wish
and such was the wish cf the daughter to
whom his estate had descended?
In general outline Bertha Dolbeer used the
form of her father's. will. The dominant fcR
tures in th? two Instruments are the same. He
was actuated by affection for those of kin and
for those, who labored for him. Miss Warren
he mentioned as **» member of his family,"
and Hft her $25,000. This woman, "who was
brought op from abject poverty." to use the
language of counsel for contestant, was* re
ferred to affectionately as "m. member of my
family." Though there was no tie of blood
she had acquired a stronger tie of relationship
by far than that of the Schandera and Mrs.
Moody.
Bertba Dolbeer ■ exhibited the same senti
ments as did her father. Sh» made a number
of identical leracles. William O. Mucan and
George D. Gray, who were named as executors
by the father, were appointed to similar ca
pacity by the daughter. It was plain on the
fac« of the will itself that Bertha Dolbeer in
telligently and. sanely disposed of her estate.
GUARDIAN- FOR BAIRD.— Judg* Coffey
yesterday appointed Veronica C Balrd guard -
Un of her son. Miles T. Balrd. The yotintr
man was in court and offered no opposition.
Attorney Heggerty, for Ruth Jackson Balrd.
wife of t£e incompetent, suggested that pro
vision should be made for an allowance for
her tmpport, but it was stated that Balrd's
estate was so Involved that It was Impossible
to determine what allowance could b« made.
Judge Cnffey.waa of the opinion that the con
dition of the your.g man's holding* should -b»
Investigated before setting aside an allowance.
OLSON HOUSES
MEET DISASTER
Creditors Take Charge and
Prepare to Investigate
Their Financial Standing
DEBTS ARE $105,000
Assets Consists of : Stocks
of Goods and Leases in
This City aiid Oakland
Olson Bros., Incorporated, of this
city and the Olson Company of San
Francisco and Oakland are in financial
trouble. The liabilities of the two
concerns are about $105,000, the assets
of unknown value. Henry Olson is
reported Xo have - rated the - assets at
$100,000, on the basis of stocks of
gooda estimated at $60,000, leases at
(25,000 and sood will at $15,000. Th«
leading men in, both concerns are
bi others.
The creditors seriously doubt the ac
curacy of Henry Olson's valuation of
the assets. Just what' the. difference
between the assets and Uu biHties is
will probably not ,be determined in
less than a week or ten days. A meet
ing of the creditors of Doth houses
was held yesterday, and a committee
was appointed to investigate. , This
committee consists 'of F. A. Hilmer of
the firm of Hilmer & Bredhoff; I, I.
Brown of the City and County Bank;
George s. Wheaton oi Wheaton,' Pond
& Harrold; H. P. Capell of M. J.
LJrundenstein & Co. and R. McKinnon
Of the Uiiion National Bank ot Oak
land.
The creditors had intimation some
days ago that there was trouble ahead.
The tirst meeting of the creditors was
held last Sunday. At that time it was
understood that an Oakland grocery
man would agree to guarantee 50
cents on the dollar of the liabilities of
the? Olsons and finance their business,
but this proposition was withdrawn.
Accordingly Henry Olson, the leading
man of the several Olson brother?,
had the creditors called together yes
terday and appeared with his brothers
and Herbert Choynski, their attorney.
The entire forenoon and much of the
alternoon was consumed. At the end
of the -proceed ings Henry Olson maoe
a statement for all the parties con
cerned In the Olson Company and the
Ol^on Bros.
The substance of this was that some
six months or so ago his brothers, who
had been connected in business with
him, decided to start for themselves
and they opened a store in this city
on Market street. He assisted them
with loans. Business did not turn out
as well as the Olson brother^ had ex
pected and they were unable to meet
bills a3 they fell due. The liabilities
outstanding of the Olson Company are
? 50.000 ■and those of the Olson Bros,
about $55,000 to $56,000. Henry Ol
son claimed to have no connection
with Olson Bros, as a member of that
tirm, which is incorporated.
The largest creditor of the Ofton
Company is the Union National Bank
of Oakland, which loaned $15,000 to
the company. The City and County
Bank is concerned in the failure of the
Olsons to the amount of $8000. Many
houses dealing in dairy products,
groceries, provision.-*, meat and general
market supplies are interested more
or less as creditors. Hilmer & Bred
hoff are creditors to the amount of
about $6500*. as reported. Among the
creditors are Dodge, Sweeney & Co.,
who have a claim of $2300; Pond.
AYheaton &. Harrold to the amount of
JSSOO: Harris Bros, of Spe»ir street
to the reported amount of $9000; H.
N. Tilden & Co. of 211 Sacramento
street, the amount not being stated.
JStllerbaeh & Sons and Haas Bros, are
also in the list. It is reported and also
disputed that Henry Olson has held
Si per cent of the stock of Olson Bros.
This is denied by Henry Olson.
All the property of the Olsons was
turned' over yesterday .to F. A. Hilmer,
chairman of the creditors' committee,
for thp benefit of the creditors. This
consists principally of the stocks of
goods in the market at 911 Market
street and the stores at 831 Market
street and at Ninth and Washington
streets in Oakland. The leading men
in the Olson Company are Henry
Olson, president, and H. B. Hankin
son, secretary. The principal stock
holder? in Olson Bros, are N. P. Olson
and J. M. Olson. An inventory will be
tnken as soon as possible, following
which the creditors' committee will
call another meeting and make a
statement.
Speaking of the situation last night
Mr. Hilmer said: "The creditors be
lieve in the Olson Company and are
indulgent. The company will com*
out all right, because the trouble
_AgyERTISEMEyTS. *
y Violins for Gilts 1
Vy Instruments that we have H
AY selected because of their II
1| merit — recommended to Iffffl
II you in perfect confidence. 1 1
II A splendid gift for those II
I I who are musically inclined. II
■ I Sheet Music Music Rolls 11
II 1-2 Off for Gifts 11 •
fi B always, and to every- splendid asxo ftmenl. 19
■ JJf body. Complete as- The higher class of % 1
m B sortmcct our hobby. goods. Prices low. h^ »
If Open Evenings 11 .
I Bc 4CUMTAZfc5on I*!
DRUG AND ROB
SHEEP OWNER
Dudley Waltz, a Wealthy
Man From Chico, Is Victim
of Deadly Knockout Drops
OVEELOOK HIS JEWELEY
Dazed Man Staggers Into a
Turk Street Lodging-House
and Falls Unconscious
Dudley Waltz, a wealthy sheep man
from Chico, was given knockout drops
and robbed of $200 early yesterday
evening. The robbed man staggered
in a semi-conscious condition into
the hall of the Belmont lodging-hous«
at 21 Turk street, from which place
he was taken to the Central Emerg
ency Hospital.
Shortly : after" 7 o'clock last night
Waltz was Been to stagger into the
lodging-house and there he fell in a
heap In the hall. He was picked up
by one of the roomers and cared for.
Policeman O'Brien was notified and
he and Detective O'Day made an in
vestigation.
At the hospital the sheep man re
gained consciousness and said that he
had 5200 on his person when he start
ed out yesterday afternoon. He had
evidently been drinking considerable
and Dr. Millar said that he believed
the man was given knockout drops.
Waltz said that he had been with a
friend named Jim Murphy. He be
lieves that he was given knockout
drops and cannot explain why Mur
phy deserted him.
The last Waltz remembers was that
he took a drink In a Turk-street sa
loon, then all became a blank.
When Waltz was searched at the
hospital he had a check on the «Bank
of California for $1055. a diamond
ring valued at $400 and a gold watch
and chain, along with some valuable
papers. The police think that Waltz's
ussailants were scared off before they
got his Jewelry.
Keinarkablr Aurtion To-I^ay.
At 11 o'clock this morning, a* Curtis'
Art Parlors. 324 Post street, will be held;
an auction sale of a character of f urnl- '
ture and art objects not obtainable In I
stores. The collection embraces antique j
silvers from Amsterdam, French and i
Dutch furniture. Boules and Marquet
eries. Buyers who are looking for oddi
ties should not permit this opportunity
to escape them. •
Objected to Tresi»a}»ers,
John Vallago. the owner of a veg
etable patch on Amazon |venue, took
exceptions to tattle belonging to Sam- j
uel Aftergujt devouring his products j
and asks compensation for damages, i
Aftergut had two men in his employ j
named F. Farrell and James Xeuman, i
who undertook to reason v/ith the [
vegetable gardener. Vallago picked j
up several stones and proceeded to !
bombard the two men's position with j
all of the force and persistency of the j
Japanese army at 203-Meter Hill. |
The enemy tied to Aftergut with their
tale of woe. On complaint of the in
jured Vallago ,was arrested S and i
booked at the -Seventeenth-street sta- |
tion on two charges of , assault with
a deadly weapon.
An Inhibition of 1'lrtures.
Charmingr. dainty pictures in the pret
tiest effects and quaint frames, or. if you
like, on mattings that -blend with them
mos»t admirably. An exhibition of pic
tures for those who love beauty and who
se*k novelty in decorations may b«» seen
In the new art gallery of Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market street. •
Steals Many Bieyoles.
Fred Wilson, alias Sherman, was
taken from the City Prison yesterday
by Detective Qulgley of Oakland,
where he is wanted for grand larceny.
Wilson, whofis an ex-convict, has been
stealing bicycles in Oakland and sell
ing: them In this city. He was arrested
on December 12 by Policeman T. J.
Larkln. Since then Detectives O'Dea
and Mulcahy of this city and Detective
Quigley have recovered thirty bicycles
stolen by Wilson and have traced fif
teen others.
A dream of pleasure, the new two for
quarter size American. $2 75 box 25. •
MEDALS FOR FIREMEN.— The presenta
tion ceremonies attendlnc the award o: the
"Scannell Medal" to August Engelke and
Claude Iirownell as a reward for saving lives
wrile in the discharge of their duties as fire
men will be held to-day at 2 o'clock In the
rotunda ot th« City Hall. Mayor Schmits will
make the presentation.
arose by reason of complications in
the markets, not because of anything
wrong at the core."
V LARGEST CUT-RATE /
* DRUG STORE IN THE CITY^
blrlu
NO need to impress upon you that these are extraor-
dinary values in desirable Christmas Gifts. Prices j
I tell the" story strongly; but there's one thing the price
mil does not tell — something which only an inspection can
IHH adequately ttll. Here are but a few of our many
handsome articles suitable for Christmas giving.
TOILET slyi BiiY~T01LET SETS
In aluminum, cither plain, In pink and white, plain
fancy, figured or ebonized. Also white, plain pink, blue and red
in celluloid and stag horn. Ex- cellnloid. Exceptional values,
cellent qualities and will make Gradually advancing in prices
beautiful gifts. $1.5© to ?4.OO from 75c
TOILET SOAPS
All kinds of the choicest soaps of domestic and foreign manu-
facture. Soaps that are pure, free from alkali, and that will make
desirable Xmas gifts. From 25c a box up
PERFiSM:S ATOMIZERS
Package and bulk goods, all All sorts of fancy perfume
the most desirable odors, from atomizers, from the plainest to
the leading perfumers, both for- the most elaborate — but all
cien and domestic priced just right for each par-
BOc to §2.50 ticular style..... 25c to $1.OO
FREE
A beautiful Bisque Image free with each purchase of any .
of the above articles amounting to 50c or over. ,
J 38and40 THIRD STREET C
All Nitfht Phnng Bush 51 Jp
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA aS^SSS
Up to and Including Next Sunday.
MATINEE SATURDAT.
Klaw t Erlanger Present
TI10S. Q. SEABROOKE
In the Spectacular Mnalcal Farce Novelty.
THE BILLIONAIRE
Last Time SUNDAY (Christmas) NIGHT.
sf| MONDAY
Henry W. Ravage Offers tbe Musical Satire.
THE SULTAN
OF SULU
By George Ade. Author of "The County
Chairman. 1 • "P«ggy From Paris." "The Sho
Gun 1 ' and "The . College Widow." Seats
Ready To-morrQw.
ff CALIFORNIA «4
IJiSt FOUR NIGHTS Q
Rose Melville |
In Her Original Comedy Creation. H
SIS HOPKINS j
WARMEST THEATER IN TOWN. B
STEAM HE.\T THROUGHOUT. |f
Nezt Sunday Matinee. H
James A. Herne's <5reatest of all ||
American Plays, I!
pHORc fkClr+IZS H
With Most of the Original. Cant. f|
Special Holiday Matinee Monday. M
I /
4 T n 1 7 4 T> Belaaco A Mayer.
ALCAZAR ffifisa
Central Managta-.
TO-NIGHT— MATS. SAT. AND SUN.
Great Hit Sol Smith Rusyell s Comedy.
PEACEFUL VALLEY.
JOHN' CRAIG AS HOSEA HOWE.
Full of fen— Delightful sentiment.
Eve' 25c to oOc. Mats.. Sat.. Sun.. 25c to 50c
NEXT WEEK-XMAS MAT. MONDAT.
To forestall an .unauthorised production, an-
uounced elsewhere,
j«^l 1 1 MansfU-4'a Version.
Ollfl 1 l:v P-r3ilsslon of
\^A\M | gbubert Bros. of
Heidelbefgl K Hr
A Magnificent Presentation.
New Tears Week— XOST RIVER.
Market Street. Near Eighth.. Phone Pooth SSS.
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THIS WJCBK.
MATINEES SATURDAT AND SUNDAY.
Superb Production of Lincoln J. Carter's
Great Melodrama, — — -
TWO LITTLE WAIFS
Direct From tbe Criterion Theater. Chicago.
With TEMPEST and SUNSHINE In th*
Title Roles and the Entire Central
Stock Company.
startling Electrical aad Mechanleal Effects.
Thrilling All th* Time!
Prices— Et*., 10c to BOc Mats.. lOo. ISo. SSa,
SPECIAL MATINEE!
MONDAT AND ALL NEXT WJUUL.
The Heart of Chicago
Mil! j$& Racing!
lew SfMjT Jockey
California y^ Club
OAKLAND TXaCC
Racing every week day. rain or shin*.
Races start at 2:1S p. m. sharp.
$1000 HANDICAP, to Bt Has WEDHESDAT, D«i. XL
CHRISTMAS HABDICAF, $3000 Addii, U B« Ku
HOKDAY, r eteaber 28.
For special trains stopping at the track tak*
S. P. Ferry, foot of Marktt street, at 12:00.
12:30. 1:00. 1:80 cr 2:00, Returning trains
leave th* track at 4:10 and 4:43 p. m. and im-
mediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
PERCT W. TREAT. Secretary. ■- ., ,*
Palace D0NTFAILT0
1 U1UVV 8ee the beautiful
j COURT Lounjing
nfld room, the EMPIRE
auu Parlor, the
n ± PALM ROOM, the
llfSllQ LOUIS XV PAR.
U1UUU LQR d the j^
U X^IJ. DIES' WRITING
1 Hotels I room.
Weekly Call $1 per Year
European and American Stars
Albertin* MeUch; Alfred A. rarlaad;
Alda Enaml; Ziuey and VUte: Veraon;
rord Sisters; onion Brotners; Orptetua
Motion Pictures and
HERRMANN THE GREAT
Assisted by MAKTB HTTRKM ATTIC.
Rerular Matinees Every Wednesday. Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday.
PRICES— 10c. 25c acd 50c.
H. W. BISHOP, Lease* and Manager.
A LI,. TIII3 WEEK.
25c— MATIXEB TO-MORROW— 28 o
Oliver Uorosco Offers
HOWARD GOULD— J. H. GU.MOCR
And the Incomparable Majestic Players In I.
N Monis' Great Scenic Drama,
JIM BLUDSO
Next Week— "A COXTENTET> WOMAN."
To Follow — Duly authorized version of Rich-
anl Mansfleld"s production of "OLJ> HEIDEU-
BERG."
Eveninr prices — 25c to "3c.
GRAND SS^
MATIXEB SATURDAT— LAST 4 jnGHTS
WILLIAMS
aneWALKER
NEXT MONDAT NIGHT.
Blanche Bates the
DARLING of the GODS
SEATS READT TO-MORROW MORNING
EVERT NIGHT AT S.
SATURDAT MAT. AT JL
KIING
DODO
Extra Christmas Mats. ffiS:-SE S
SEATS ALWATS SEUJXG.
SPECIAL I Grand Transformation Scan**.
CHRISTMAS I "A CHILD'S DREAM or
DVB. I CHRISTMAS."
Every Afternoon and Erenta? ta ti»
Heated Theater, Haln or Shine.
BOTHWEL BROWNE'S New Japan***
Musical Extravaganza,
PRINCESS FAN TAN
SCORES OF SPECIALTIES!
300 PERFORMERS t
A BXO SHOW BT XJTTU3 PEOPLE!
AMATEUR XIOHT and
ELECTRIC FOUNTAIN THURSDAT.
No Increase In Prteas.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN'. 3<-.
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEaLgXT9b
ALHAMBRA
XjgLSt. Concert
TO-NIGHT AT 8:13.
Paderewski
RESERVED SEATS SELLING
SHERMAN CLAT & CO.* 3.
$2 6O. »2. $1 50. H-
STEINWAT PIANO USED.
Reserved Seat Sal* tor Oakland Concert at
Macdonouga Theater Friday. December 23. at
2:30 p. m.. now «p«n at box ofOcs of th«
theater. '
Fischer's Theater
TONT LUBELSKL General Manager.
Continnous Vaudeville.
10c and 20c; Children lfle.
At every MaUne« tils week.
A box of fin* candy to
AD th* boys and rtrta.
Tea Great Acs*.
910
BRITT WINS on points from battling nelson after
TWENTY ROUNDS OF FIERCEST FIGHTING
BRITT SAYS HE WAS PREPARED.
"I lururcd I could win from XcLson the way I fousht
liim. Now, what is the use of a man bein;j in the fishthia:
bestness if he docs not fisht the way he knows he can beat
a man? 1 knew I could beat him in sucli a battle and I car
ried out my plans accordingly. XcLson Is a great slugger
and an aggressive man. but I think I could have outsluszed
him if I cared about fighting that land or a battle. My
friends had their money on me and I wanted them to cash, so
I took no chances. Xclson is a jjreat fijrhter and the pace
be ii)Mkt*s Is terrific You enn jutljrc for yourselves if I
don't look like I can so twenty rounds more. The cut over
my eye wu< caused by Nelson's head, it was not from his
zrlovc. I was never in any danger at any time. As a fighter
Nelson deserves credit and it will take a good man to beat
him." — .lames I?. BriU.
Prominent Men
Among Those
Present.
Thousands Cheer
Courageous
Virtnp
V lulul ,
Fully ten thousand people crowded
Mechanics" Pavilion last evenins: to see
Jimmy Britt and "Battling" Xelson
batter each other for a percentage of
the gate receipts and the glory. Half
a dozen women braved the eyes of the
curious and watched the thrilling con
test. Hidden behind the glazed win
dows at least twenty-five more of the
fair sex gazed at the animated scene
and gained a long distance view of the
men in action. It was a splendid crowd
and its actions were as interesting as
the contest itself. Professional men
brushed elbows with mechanics. Race
horse men, fighters and politicians hob
nobbed in true American fashion. The
merits of the boxers were discussed
with freedom and when the battle was
on the excitement was intense. When
ever an extra heavy blow was landed
a yell was forthcoming, and when a
lively mixup occurred the majority
stood on their chairs and yelled like
Indians.
The doors were opened at 7 o'clock to
accommodate those who had gallery
seats. The line had formed in the
afternoon and when the doors were
thrown open it wound its way around
the immense structure like a big snake.
The main entrance was thrown open at
7 :3'» o'clock and from then until the
men entered the arena a stream of hu
manity poured through the doOrs.
Burlingame pent Walter Hobart.
the Tobins and other polo-players,
who occupied ringside seats, while
•'Bogie" O'Donnell, "Plum Pudding
Tommy." "'Red" Sammy McClintock
and other well-known characters hunc
discreetly in the background until the
battle was on, when they moved
toward the ring and selected choice
seats.
MAXV NOTABLES WERE THERE.
William Greer Harrison was there,
and so was Colonel Kowalsky. late of
Belgium. Dan O'Callaghan's merry
laugh echoed through the Pavilion and
made Henry Fortreida's yelp sound like
a grin.
Mayor Schmitz sat in a box with
other members of his big famllv and
enjoyed the sport. Senators Eddie I.
Wolfe. liarry Bunkers. Johnny Xel
son. "pick" Welch and other solons
forgot about their coming battles at
th«^ Capitol and enjoyed things. Sena
tor Charles M. Shortridge twirled his
Xapoleonic lock and raised his eloquent
voice in acclaim for J. Edward Britt.
because the latter was a product of
"this glorious climate of California."
Gus Hartman and George McGowan
represented the Assembly, and agreed
that if such good fights were '-given the
game need not be stopped. Frank Ca
rillo came up from Bakersfield. and
after seeing Nelson take the "wallop
ing" marveled no longed why his Dro
tege Aurelia Herrera could not out him
to the carneL
Billy Roche, the referee, entered the
pavilion garbed like a cotillion leader.
William was there with an opera hat
and saluted his friends by opening the
"Fky-piece" with a bang. Young Cor
bett and a few others borrowed the hat
for a while and played football with it,
much to Roche's sorrow. Before ■ the
ftgfot had gone many rounds the crowd
discovered that Roche'e underwear was
pink and again he had scored against
E. Marvin Graney.
H>r.ey Ach smoked cigarettes to dls
e-uis* his nervousness. Colonel Herbert
Ohoynski and John J. Gleason appeared
in the latest New York creations and
scored as heavily as the fighters. Bobby
Ayrr wns close to the ring side trying
to pirk a winner. Health Officer Ragan
wanted to fumigate a cigar smoked by
a nearby fight proer. but could not find
his deputy. The Board of Supervisors
were ably represented by Messrs. Bent,
Poxt.on. Eggers. Booth. Finn and Lun
stedt.
THEATRICAL MEN' PRESENT.
Fred Belasco dropped things theatri-
C-.-U to see the "mill," as did also John
Mornsey. Tim ilcGrath closed the
"Tip" for the nonce and Richard
Adams was out looking for boarders.
Jack Johnson had his gold tooth shined
for l he occasion and was around look-
Ing for a match with Jeffries. Walter
Jennings, Garnet Ferguson. : Frank
O'Kane, J. O. Keane and Bob Smith
represented the race track. De Witt
Van Court and Sammy Berger were
ih*rf to yell for Britt as was also
"Brother Willie," who !eft the sick
room to gee Jimmy. achieve a victory..
Little Eddie Miller acted as Britt's
mascot and wa« the happiest boy }n
'. he "pavilion .when Jimmy was de
< fared the winner. Jack Sheehan and
""Pa" Britt were in the house, as was
attested by thoir cheers for the
plumber boy. Dr. McGettigan and
two score others were on hand to give
first aid to the Injured. AI Hampton,
Jack Bennet and a dozen other hand
ball experts were in the running.
Young Corbett hud tears in his eyes
as he gazed at the big house and
mourned his ill luck that he was not
sharing in the # receipts. Manager
Coflroth stated that the house was
$16,000, but In the opinion of those
who know the men battled before a
i 25.000 house. BWHHBHIBBH
Morris Levy and Alec Greg-gains
wished their cards would draw as
well. Tom Jenkins said he could
wrestle all night before such -ft-gath
ering. Judge Fritz and Judge Mo-
Ran forgot everything elfee for the time
being. George Maxwell. Downey Har
vey and Harry Ramsdell 'were also in
the house and greeted their numerous
friends. There . were: others' in . the
throng, but- they modestly kept in the
background.
ROCHE SAYS BRITT HAD LEAD.
"I declared Britt winner because he was entitled to the
decision. He did the cleaner fighting and outpointed Xcl
son In every round. Xelson was aggressive throughout
the contest, but this does not entitle a man to a victory if
the other man does the cleaner hitting. Britt and Xelson
were equally guilty of holding. I had my hands full try
ing to separate them and did not attempt to give either
man the better of it in the breaks. A few wild swings
landed on me I never saw such speed and cleverness as
Britt displayed. lie is a great boy. Xclson is also a won
der for aggressiveness. "Where he gets his vitality is a mar
vel to me. I would like to see the winner fight Young
Corbett. provided Corbett is in condition. I am glad the
public approved my decision. It was an honest one and
was given to the man that earned it." — Referee William
Roche.
BRITT'S CLEVERNESS
OFFSETS MANX RUSHES
Victor Is in Distress Several Times
Dut rinisnes otrongly.
Jimmy Britt was proclaimed victor
over Battling Nelson in the Mechanics'
pavilion last night after one of the
most stubbornly contested ring battles
ever fought under Queensberry rules.
Referee Roach gave the decision to
Britt on boxing points, the last three
rounds materially influencing him In
reaching this decision. In these rounds
Britt outpointed Nelson by a wide mar
gin. Throughout the figltf he did the
cleaner hitting, although the referee
said he made due allowance for the ag
gressiveness shown by Nelson. Britt
outboxed Nelson from the start and
was able to go the full twenty rounds
by refusing to engage Nelson at his
favorite game of infighting.
- BRITT HOLDS ON.
In the eariy rounds Britt drewi-upon
himself the displeasure of the specta
tors by holding on at every oppor
tunity. He showed great ring general
ship throughout, never once losing his
head even at the most critical times.
It was an entirely different showing
to the one he made against Gans, or
In fact any of his other fights. The
fight demonstrated that Britt cannot
knock Nelson out, as he struck him re
peatedly on the jaw with both left and
right. /
In the twelfth round Britt fairly
rained blows on Nelson's head, but the
latter stood looking at him calmly, as
though he knew, there was no danger
of his being knocked out. When he
thought Britt had ehot his bolt he
turned on the Californian and nearly
put him out. having him' hanging on
the ropes when the gong sounded the
end of the round.
Nelson won the admiration of the
spectators by his bulldog tenacity of
purpose. There was hardly a moment
during the fight when he was not fol
lowing Britt around the ring. He made
many futile attempts to reach Britt,
but in the majority of cases the latter
was just out of reach.
TRIES FOR POINTS.
From the very start it was apparent
that Britt's plan was to try to out
point Nelson and thereby gain the de
cision and the long end of the purse.
He did not want to mix matters with
his clumsy but aggressive opponent, as
Corbett did. thus playing Into his
hand*:. Nelson's aggressiveness did not
serve its purpose, as in many instances
Britt beat him to the punch.
During a number of the rounds Britt
had Nelson in the air and the latter
did not know how to get at him. Up
to the seventh round Nelson had not
landed an effective blow, although he
was never Idle for an instant in all
that time. Britt seemed to tire about
the eighth round and Nelson went
after him in such a manner as to set
the spectators cheering, and hope
sprang up in the breasts of the
men who backed the longshot to win.
Nelson In the seventh round sent a
right to the Jaw which seemed to hurt
Britt. He went after his man then
hammer and tongs and Britt was badly
off before the end of the round. The
tide turned so suddenly that it seemed
Britt had lost his strength and must
fall a victim to the ceaseless rushing
of the Dane.
NELSON'S ROUND.
The ninth round was all Nelson's.
He rushed at Britt when the gong
sounded and landed his left repeatedly
to Britt's head, using his favorite left
hook. Britt steadied Nelson for a mo
ment with a right to the head, but Nel
son came back with right and left.
Britt tried to Jab Nelson and keep him
away, but. the Dane was not to be de
nied. He kept pepjjering Britt on the
jaw with his left and then for variety
sent in some stiff right uppercuts.
The tenth was all in favor of Nelson.
He still continued to send Etiff left
hooks to Britt's head. Britt came
back with some hard rights to the
head, but they had no apparent effect
on Nelson, never stopping his progress.
Nelson rushed Britt into Nelson's cor
ner and chopped in aright that made
Britt s knees bend. He then tried rieht
and left to the head and a hard rieht to
the body sent Britt staggering to the
ropes. As the round ended Nelson sent
in a stiff uppercut before Britt started
to his corner. He stood for an Instant
and looked at Nelson in evident sur
prise.
in the eleventh round Britt
held Nelson's gloved hands In chancery
and accomplished two objects— getting
a slight respite from the severe punish
ment he had been receiving and also
resting up a bit.
JIMMY BRACES UP.
Britt showed; the effects of the rest
in the next round, as he made a 1 much
better showing. He would jab Nelson
with a left and then rush" into a clinch
and hang on. Nelson-tried all In hie
Dower to sret- away 'from this hueeine
THE SAN : FRANCISCO CALL, -WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER; 21, 1904.
DECISION SURPRISES NELSON.
"I am not the sort of fellow to make a holler, but at
the same time I want to put myself right. I really believe
I was unjustly treated by Roche. I chased Britt all over
the ring: in every, round and fought every moment of the
time. I never was in danger and took all his punches
without flinching. The best he did was to jab me. I
roughed it continuously and did everything In my power to
fight a winning battle. I am willing to meet Britt again
under exactly the same conditions, only I positively insist
.on George Slier as a 'referee. I think he is the only man
in the business who really knows how to judge a fight on
its merits. I am willing to fight Britt again for a $5000
side bet. hut not with Roche in the ring with us. I will
knock Brilt out if we ever come together again."-—Bat
tling Xclson.
which redueed.his effectiveness in such
a marked degree, but for a time to no
avail. Britt finally turned loose a ter
rific fire on kelson's head. He aimed
blow after blow with right and left
that went true to the mark.
Nelson stood peering at Britt over
his gloves and the blows might just as
well have fallen on a stone wall. Nel
son suddenly got into action and went
after Britt, who seemed on the verge
of going down when the gong ended
the fighting. Britt came up confident
in the thirteenth round and commenced
peppering Nelson's nose, which began,
to bleed badly. During one of the mix
ups Nelson slipped to the floor, but he
was up and fighting in an instant.
•' soSie 'fast "fighting.
Britt presented a gory appearance
from the fourteenth round on. Nel
son butted him over the left eye as he
rushed in at the opening of the round
and cut Britt severely. Nelson kept
on playing with his left to the head,
but could not land an effective blow.
Britt hooked his left over repeatedly
and kept Nelson's nose bleeding.
Britt tired again in the fifteenth
round from a fusillade of blows to the
head. He came back with a right and
left, but Nelson paid no heed to them
and continued to bore in. Britt ducked
one of Nelson's wild swings and over
balanced himself, falling on his back.
He was up In an mstant and Nelson
went after him, trying to take him off
his balance again. One ,of Nelson's
blows went low and nearly stopped
Eritt.
The sixteenth round was the most
desperate of all the fight. Nelson
sprang from his chair and fairly ran
across the ring after Britt. His Im
petuous attack sent Britt back on the
ropes and Nelson landed a right and
left to the i head which shook up Britt
badly. Britt backed away for a time
and then they stood in the "middle of
the ring and exchanged blow for blow.
It seemed some one of them must eo
down under the attack; the bell rang
with both men still on their feet fight
ing.
THE DAXE RUSHES.
Nelson rushed at Britt again at the
opening of the seventeenth round and
Britt held on to avoid punishment.
Britt sent in one hard right to the head,
but took a lot of lefts to the head In
return. Britt shook up Nelson with a
right and left to the head, and tried to
wrestle him to the mat.
Britt went back to his boxing tac
tics in the eighteenth round and danced
out of danger for some time. He found
it difficult as he had all through the
fight to keep away from Nelson and
got some hard lefts to the head. Britt
also tore a left to the body and a right
to the head that would have stopped
any ordinary fighter, but' Nelson is not
an ordinary fighter. The adherents of
the two boxers set up counter cries for
their favorites and the building re
sounded with the names of Britt and
Nelson. ."■;■.
Britt evidently was playing for a de
cision In the nineteenth round, in the
early stages of which he did everything
except fight. Nelson finally walked
into a hard right, and as Britt was
backing away he landed another right.
Nelson then walked into a hard right
straight on the jaw, but he only shook
his head and kept boring In. Near the
end of the round Nelson sent Britt back
with a right to the head.
END IS NEAR.
Britt did the major portion of the
scoring in the twentieth round; ■al
though Nelson sent a right and left to
the body that increased the uproar
among th'e spectators. Britt landed a
hard left to the Jaw and then' a right.
He had just landed a right and left to
the head when the gong sounded the
end of the fight. ,, There was no demon
stration when Referee Roche led Britt
to one side and pointed to Jimmy as
the winner.
As the immense gathering Was dis
persing there was much quiet, discus
sion, but the only claims the Nelson
men made were for "the aggressiveness
of their favorite and not for any skill
which he had shown. While he was
boring in and leaning on Britt he was
scoring few clean blows, while Britt
waste'd but few punches throughout.
PRINCIPALS ARRIVE.
At 9:25 p. m. a cheer from the spec
tators in the eastern gallery notified
the .; immense throng that the fighters
were en route to the ring. Britt led
tho>,way and received a great cheer.
He was followed by "Spider" Kelly.
Tiv Kreling, Curtis Richardson --'■ and
Frank Rafael, who were T his seconds:
Immediately behind the- aggregation
carrie "Battling" Nelson; and- his-sec
onds—Teddy Murphy, Stockings Kelly.
Marvin Hart . and Eddie Santry. The
men shook hands and repaired to'their
Herrman Fights
Hayward From
the Start.
White Boxer Has
Big Lead When
Mill Ends.
The second preliminary mill went to
Gus Herrman over Jim Haywara, the
colored man who trained with Joe
Walcott. The go belonged to either
man for six rounds. In the seventh
Herrman began to rush the colored
man and sent in rights and lefts to the
body in rapid succession. The bout
was a fast one during the eight rounds.
The white boy was the aggressor in
every round, but Hayward's clever
ness held the former at bay.
In the third round Hayward landed
two hard j rights on the jaw. This
seemed to arouse the white boy's fight-
Ing blood and he went right at, Hay
ward. The next three rounds were
even up and Herrman's fast work in
the seventh won him the decision. \
George Delile, a husky soldier, got
a merited verdict over Jim Moran in
the first mixup on the bill of fare. The
bout was four rounds long and con
tained but little fast work. Both men
tired after a few punches had been
struck, but little damage happened to
either man. Moran ran into a straight
left In the second round that raised an
awful bump over the eye.
Delile did most of the work after
the opening round, but his opponent
made a bid for honors in the last
period. The spurt came too late, al
though he had the soldier looking sad.
Fred Sharpe, the noted St. Louis
referee, officiated at both preliminaries.
BETTING UNUSUALLY HEAVY.
When the betting opened some days
since Britt was an 8 to 10 choice. On
Monday the prevailing price was 7 "to
10. ' When betting was resumed yes
terday morning the price was 7% to 10.
Late in the afternoon some heavy
commissions on the Dane, , one of
(1500, which he placed himself, sent
the ; betting to even money. This
looked good to the adherents of Britt
and they went at it with avidity. The
flow of money on the Californian was
so steady that the price went down
point by point until it touched 10 to 6.
A big lot of money was bet on Nelson
before the man entered the ring,
making the closing price 10 to 9.
Each man had a large following,
with the result that an unusually
heavy amount of money was wagered.
It was the heaviest betting affair in
years.
MEN ARE AT WEIGHT.
The announcement that the men
would weigh in at Harry Corbett's at
6 o'clock attracted an immense gather
ing to. the Ellis-street resort.
When the appointed time arrived
the crush was so great that it was
not found expedient to weigh the men
in there and they were whisked away
in carriages to the hamman baths.
No time was lost in preliminary talk
and the men were soon on the scales.
Britfs trainers had gauged his
weighty to such a nicety that when
he stepped on the machine the bar
balanced at the 132-pound notch.
Nelson, who is naturally lighter
tl*un Britt, did not raise the beam. He
weighed about 131*4 pounds.
respective corners to be armed for
the fray. They posed for at least half
a dozen pictures. Referee Billy Roche
entered the ring loking like a groom.
He wore a high silk hat, Tuxedo ana
white silk vest and had his delicate
"mitts" 'encased with white kid
gloves. He was introduced as "the
famous Bowery boy" and smiled in
response ■■to the good-natured chaf
fing he received from envious persons
close to the ring.
Billy Jordan was there with his. voice
and he soon had the rafters { echoing
with his announcements. He present
ed-Nelson in this manner: "The Chi
cago crackajack, the hardest nut in the
profession to crack, 'Battling' Nelson."
When the cheering subsided he pre
sented J. Edward Britt as "the cham
pion of champions, Jimmy Britt." >.
Challenges from Jabez White of Eng
land, Jimmy Gardner of Lowell and
leeser lights were read and then in re
sponse to cries, "Young Corbett" , ! en
tered the ring. The little fellow - was
given an ovation, which attested his
popularity. Young Corbett challenged
the winner, and then shook hands with
each man. He also shook hands with
Eddie Graney on his way to the ring,
as he wanted -to bury old scores. Cor
bett'was called upon for a speech and
did, wonderfully well.
As there were a few of the fair sex
near the ring side, Young Corbett ad
dressed the crowd as "Ladies and Gen
tlemen," causing a hearty laugh. This
did not stop the little Denver lad and
he continued: "I am glad I have friends
lef t.-v I . suppose you have to ■ lose to
find that k you have s friends." I will, if
I get a chance, try to js'ln back. my
title." ' ■ :> .
There was more cheering. The fight
ers were then brought to the center, of
the ring for instructions ' and Announ
cer " Jordan cried :. "The men ! will fight
straight Marquis of Queensberry rules,
break by - the order of ». the r referee and
protect themselves in ths break-away
— ler'er.'go." .
The gong sounded and the fight was
on. ' IIIWlWfilil l^^iilli/ l il l iWMii l 'Wl l iiii^flllriW'l
Don't Worry
About what ,to give for a present. All the
departments V.'bustlo" ..with good things
stationery,^ leather. goods.,picture frames
toilet cases and '* novelties i of c every / de
scription. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Mar
ket streeL J aag}|lMliHig&g^a^gwiiyajgirj> *&
JIMMY BRITT. THE BOXER WHO OUTPOINTED BATTLING NELSON LAST NIGHT IN MECHANICS' PWILION IN A ' 1
TWENTY-ROUND FIGHT. WHICH WAS MARKED FROM FIRST TO LAST BY THE DESPERATE EFFORTS OP THE >
Kfe-; LIGHTWEIGHTS.— FROM A PHOTOGRAPH BY PERCY DANA. '
Fight by Rounds Shows How Battle Fluctuates
While Audience Is Kept Guessing.
The following is the fight by
rounds:
9:50 p. m.: Time called.
First Round.
They shook hands and both men adopted
their famous crouches. Britt missed a left
hook for. the body and a similar attempt was
neatly blocked by Nelson, as was a right hook
for the fan*. Careful sparring followed and
Britt missed another left for the body. Sud
denly Britt whipped a terrific, right over the
heart and followed it with a tremendous left
hook to • the wind. They went to a clinch
and broke very carefully. Nelson's first lead
with left was short and then Britt drove a
straight right to the- body and ducked a" left
counter for the Jaw and they clinched: Britt
then. hooked his famous lett again to the body
and they clinched asain. Mixing it. Britt
missed his left for the body. The gong ran?
with the men In a clinch. It was Britt's
rcund. Nelson did not land a blow In this
round, but acted entirely on the defensive.
Both men were very cool as they took their
chairs.
"■-'•- ,.; Second Round.
Nelson crouched low and Britt missed a
left ' for the body - and they clinched. Britt
missed left for the body and right for ths
head and ■ once more ■ they clinched, neither
onb being inclined to let go. Both missed
lefts for the body. Nelson forced Britt Into
a .neutral corner, but ■ Jimmy wiggled out
without damage. • Britt then drove a straight
right over the heart and received in return
a right hook to the Jaw. : Nelson blocked
straight left and right for the jaw and the
referee separated them from a clinch. They
fought carefully at close quarters, neither man
landing. Britt continued to back away and
Nelson shot his left to Britt's Jaw. After a
clinch Britt missed right swing for' the body
and the gong rang. It appeared that Britt
was holding 'on unnecessarily and there was
some slight hissing as the men went to their
seats. There was not much done In this round.
Nelson. It anything, having a slight advantage.
Third Round.
Britt missed left swing for the jaw and
Nelson blocked' left " for the body. Nelson
forced Britt to the ropes, but the Californian.
got in a good right to the stomach and re
ceived a light right In return.- They mlxed.lt
and Britt. missed. several lefts and rights for
th«- body.' Nelson then began the same tac
tics which characterized his battle with Cor
bett and Britt broke ground. Britt drove his
left hook to the body and they mixed it.
Britt receiving a left jab to the face. Britt
staggered Nelson with right to . the stomach
and left to the Jaw, '. but i In a ' rally Nelson
sv.'ung left and right to the face. Britt then
svTing . left ' to ■ the " head ' and hooked his right
to "the Jaw.. Britt rocked Nelson's head with
a terrific right swing as the bell rang. Britt
walked coolly . to ' his ; corner as also did Nel
son. It was Britt's. round- by a good margin.
. -• Fourth Round. ",-.
Britt swung left . twice to - the » head and
missed a right hook for the body. .They went
to : close quarters . and indulged In ineffectual
short-arm swings. Britt . sent . Nelson's head
back with right swing - and a moment ■ later
planted his left to the face. Britt. then clev
erly ducked left and right uppercut for the
Jaw and a clinch followed, .the crowd yelling
"Break them away." Britt ducked a straight
left for the head and danced away ' from Nel
son, > who "followed him about the ring. Nel
son-missed left and right swing for the Jaw
and -then a .right swing caught Britt on the'
mouth and a: left .swing reached his ear twice
in quick succession. Britt mlsssd right and
left and the,, bell' rang the men' in a
fierce embrace, from ■ which the referee 'sep
arated them. Both men broke very reluctantly
as' they went to clinches and 'the crokd kept
up a constant- yell of "Break." Honors' even.
Fifth: Round. V
. Britt was short, with '.left hook-for thebody
and '• they - clinched,-, the ■ crowd again yelling.
Nelson forced Britt '.to the- ropes, but- failed
to', connect. ■ i Nelaon kept . boring. In and ;as
they.- clinched* the-, crowd -.again yelled Itself
hoarse i to break, v Britt shot his i left to th»
fac* and then; put a 'right: to the head, j while
JCelson blocked straight - left :■ for the " face.
Britt then hooked his left to the wind and
Nelson - drove his right and left hard to the
body. Britt hooked a hard left to the Jaw
and missed a left for the face. Britt shot his
left hard to the body and missed two similar
attempts. A moment later two left honks
found resting place on the Dane's body, but
apparently had no effect. The gong clanged
at this stage, Britt having just a shade of the
round. A feature of the fight so far has been
the constant cllnchlnz of the men.
Sixth Round.
Britt missed two left swings for the - head.
Then hs sent a tremendous left hook to the
body and another attempt was equally suc
cessful. They stood apart and Britt once more
sent his pfcton-rod left to the body and fol
lowed It with left cress to the jaw and . a
left hook again to the body. Nelson kept bor
ing: In and missed a vicious left for the body.
Another attempt succeeded and he landed two
lefts to the face, fcr which he was rebuked
with two straight rights to the body and a tre
mendous right swing to the Jaw. The Dane
continued to bora In and Britt missed left
swing for the Jaw. Britt blocked a clumsy at
tempt with left for the jaw and tried- with
left for the body as the rong sounded. It waa
Britt's round. Nelson kept boring In and forc
ing Brttt* about, but In nearly every Instance
the Californian sent Nelson back with well
placed blows.
Seventh Round.
Britt rocked Nelson's head with vicious right
swing to the Jaw and a vicious uppercut for
the Jaw was blocked. A clinch followed and
Roche separated the men. Britt caught Nelson
again on the jaw with a right hook and in
the mix Nelson put left to the body and twa
left uppercuts to the jaw. They were In a vi
cious mix when Britt drove a straight short
arm ' left to the face and .followed It with ter
rifflc right and left swings to the jaw. They
went to close quarters and Britt missed left
for the jaw and blocked two attempts bv Nel
son for the Jaw with right and left. Britt
swung his left to the Jaw and then sent in two
straight lefts to the face and a left hook to
the body. However. - Nelson kept boring In,
but seemed unable to find the shifty Callfor
nlan's vulnerable points. It was Britt's round.
Eighth Round.
Britt. as usual, backed away and they fought
to close quarters. Brttt missed his left for the
body and then shot left to the face. Nelson
went after Britt with right and left swings,
but the local lad danced out of harm's way.
Nelson then caught . Britt with left and right
swings to the face. -Nelscn backed, away and
tried his • lef t • hook twice for the body but
was unsuccessful. Britt Jabbed twice .with left
to the -face, but Nelson -brought his. left and
right to the Jaw. A. furious rally ensued, Nel.
son sending Britt black with right swing to
the jaw and Britt retaliated with several
straight jabs to the face. Nelaon fought wildly
and slipped td the floor from a misdirected
swing for the Jaw. The gong found both men
hammering away desperately at each other.
It was a bit Nelson's round. •
Ninth Round.
\Tbey at once woiked to a clinch and in mix.
Ing It both failed to land. Britt then shot two
lefts to the face and followed -It with three
similar blows with great rapidity, but the
Dane kept boring In and gave Brttt nochanc*
to rest. Nelson then put a. stiff left under
Britt's heart. A left by Brttt caught nelson
on the top of the head. Then they exchanged
lefts to the jaw. Nelson forced Britt about the
ring, landing left on the body and right and
left swings to the Jaw. Brttt broke ground,
looking anxious. Britt kept cool, however and
hooked his left to the body and two lefts to
the face. They then fought furiously, Nelson
forcing . Britt to the ropes as the cong ran»
Nelson was very aggressive and Britt Iooke.i a
bit worried as he- went to his seat. Nelson's
advantage. *••«« »
Tenth Hound.
Nelson missed two lefts for' the face v.i>«
kept right after Britt. forcing hini "to'hr^S
ground. But did not land. Nelson then W o^
his left and right to; the head but w« m
by, a vicious, left -to the. Jaw. BrUt mf»JT
Umllar-atUmpt and they went to clo?»o!^ *
ters. Nelson putting short-arm right an.iwl
to Britfs -_ face. Both then . nfi*?
lefts for the jaw, and the referee brok* them
from a clinch. Nelscn forced Britt to a cor
ner, landing a choppy right to the Jaw. and
they clinched. Nelson then sent Britt to the
ropes with straight right swing and kept ham
mering away fiercely at the Californian' s head
and body with right and left swings. Britt
rallied a bit as the gong rang, but not enough
to overcome the lead »erur*d by Nelson. Britt
again looked a bit worried as he went to his
corner. It was Nelson's round.
Eleventh Round.
Coth mi»sed lefts tcr the face and Brttt
hooked a left to the Jaw and followed it wlta
two wicked lefts to the head. Britt continued
to break ground, ever and anon- trying his left
hook fcr the body, but In each Instance It w»
blocked. They ollnoheri and It looked as If
Brttt was doing the holding. Bxltt then hooked
his left to the stomach and swung his right
to the car. They fought fWreely In the center
of the ring. Britt landing right and left on
Nelson's Jaw and head. Nelson kept bortn* In,
which the California boy didn't sfeem to relish.
The referee again separated the fighters anil
Brttt hooked hla left to the body. The gong
rang with the men fighting at close quarters.
Britt had a slight lead In this round.
Twelfth Round.
Britt led with left and a clinch resulted, the
referee breaking them away. Brttt missed
right bcok for the body. Nelson still kept
boring in, trying to get Britt to close quarters.
Britt drove a wicked uppercut to the jaw. but
the blow w«j returned with Interest. Nelaon
landing three rights to Britfs face. Brttt re
covered quickly, battering Nelson at will with
right and left swings to the jaw. He varied
it with terrific lett body punches, but Nelson
fought. back desperately and planted two lefts
to Brttt's lace. Britt whipped two lefts and.
a fearful right swing to the Jaw and the Dana
covered up. It was a whirlwind fight and Nel
fcon went to the corner- with blood streaming
from his ncsw. It was a great rally on Britt' »
part and the hcuse was in a tremendous up
roar. It was Britt'a round by a good margin,
although Nelson .came back gamely.'
Thirteenth Round.
They got to close quarters In the center of
the ring. Urttt shct a straight lett to the face
and In a mix N3lson put left to the body.
Britt sent In four consecutive left jabs to the
face and followed It with fearful left ani
right swing* to the jaw. Brttt kept- after Nel.
son. mercilessly, pugging uway with left Jab*
and straight lefts to the face. Nelson tried to
g«t to clo«c quarters, but Britt jabbed three
lefts, to the face and they went against the
ropes In acllnch. Brttt again stabbM left to
the face and In a mix Nelacn landed right to
the face.. Uritt varied his style with left hook
to the body and Nelson slipped to the flocr
f£m a missed left swing. Uritt k?pt stabbing
J»lson s face with left continuously until the
bell -rang. The blood started afresh from Nel
son s nose as he went to hist corner. Brit
frustrated Nelson's attempts to draw him to
clcse quarters. It was all Britt.
Fourteenth Round.
th« t T," el i t^ his J eft u K h «y to the face *tul
they clinched. th« crowd hissing Britt for
holding as they believed. Brttt sent a raklns
.5 V°wi n 8 ■ ores "Pot and when they broke
tried h!s usual tactics of stabbing left to the
Brtt then « WUR S his right to the fai-.
and followed It with two «tral*ht lefts to th
lace and by clever footwork avoided Nelson'*
counters. Britt swung right to the face ami
missed a fearful left for the face. A straight
l«t by Britt went to N>lson'» nose and the
Dane retaliated with left and right to the
lace*' Kr'.tt backed away from further harm
and as the bell ran* he drove a stinging rish:
u> tfte face, but received a Mow on the fairs
tliat ton* the flesh from his forrhea>l an.l
•tarted the bloo«l aowlng freely. It was an
•ven roun J.
Fifteenth Round.
. £ 'Immediately Jabbed left to the face
?£?.'.. *° n k ' pt in. ' but waa met by
HrUt h unerring straight laft to the face. Nel
son forced Brttt about the ring, but the Cali
rornlan wa.« too shifty and avoided the Danes
attempts.. ' A "clinch followed, Roch« again
Continued on Bairc 11. Column 5.TWO CHOICES RECOUP BACKERS AT
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
NIGRETTE FINISHES FIRST AND IS DISQUALIFIED
Mansard Returned
Winner of the
Handicap.
OUTSIDERS SCORE
Follow Me, a 20 tolj
Shot, in Front
:• All the Way. j
BY FRED E. 3Il"OK>LL,AND.
The disqualification of Nigrette after
Walter Jennings' mare had beaten
€aa Nicholas for the concluding: fixture
.of the card ct Oakland yesterday was
.ths/cnly happening out of the ordinary
groove. The distance was one and a
• sixteenth rni!«5. ar.d Travers at onco
vast out in the lead with San Nicholas
.when Jake Holtman released the bar
rier. Three furlongs from home Davis
•made his move with Nisxette, and at
the head cf the stretch it looked as if
he ivoold win. San Nicholas responded
to urging, though, and less than a fur
long from the stand Davis could not
withstand th* temptation to become
affectionate and twice bumped San
Nicholas, which horse had the inside
;PPEjtion. Nigrette won by lef=s than a
length, and Travers immediately claim
ed a foul on dismounting, and he had
the sympathies of the biar gathering
ttbott the stand. Davis admitted his
•mount bumped San Nicholas, but said
ix wmm unintentional, li was too palpa
b*e, though, ar.d the race was awarded
it Dr Rowell's horse. Nigrette being
placed second. Leila, the favorite, cut
off 6t the first turn, finished a close
th'rd.
But two public choices, The Cure and
•Mansard, were returned winners. Mo
' corito. Follow Me and Sea Air all came
hcramblin? in at long odds. There was
p large crowd present.
•Perhaps en paper the six and a half
furlong handicap looked as soft for |
Mansard es a leather bed to a tramp,
but asjnatters transpired the big plater
vas'hanrted nothing over the footlights.
Carrying IDS pvuncls and with Htrlgc
■ t-n >>n his back, ihe Keene stable rcpre
•etntatixe -.ras brought to a fierce drive
.£.*. the close to beat Venator a head.
-fibula, the pacemaker the first part of
' the journey, ran into the show, fhe
\yinrier, once quoted at even mon*»y.
wyta backed down to 7 to 10, finally clos
1115 at 4 to S. Vesuvian finished a
close fourih.
".•Brinkworth & Co.'s recent purchase
The Cure, captured the opening event.
'The colt, commanded the respect and
atfentfon cf the chrewd ones, and from
threes the price fell to 9 to 5. Larsen
■ had the leg up and riding a well-judged
race, ptrt the good thing over a-cJever
'winner. Kunz on The Gadfly, arrived
in time to nose out the* pace maker,
Dora I, for the place. Revolt threw Hel
\ gesen at the post.
Old Mocorito is certainly a tough
piece of racing timber. With ever»
" hftdy betting themselves black ia the
face on W. R. Condon to win the six
• furlong selling affair following, Moco
- rito, ridden by McBride and 12 to 1,
; ca^ie floating in three lengths before
EM Uchtenstein. McBride. who rode
the winner, saved a world of ground by
hogging the rail. Bell Reed tired with
cutting out the pace, running a moder
ate third. The favorite, TV. R. Condon,
3V,as_ badly outfooted.
Anothe rank outsider turned things
-upside down in the mile and seventy
' yafd number. Follow Me, at one time
?f*"and Liloted by Larsen, went out in
1 front at the start, and was never head
44. Travers. astride the favorite, Stili
cho, made no mistakes but could not
overhaul the long shot, losing by
'more than a length at the wire. Shojv
honors went to Scotsman.
■ -Under the condition?. Charley Mc-
Ga.fferty'6 colt Dr. Leggo carried 111
«i«d ;nc-t 105 as originally given out on
the overnight entry cards. Despite this
'fact he was installed a 2 to 1 favorite
and ran a remarkably good race, al
though beaten. Caught in a jara at the
s'lart.- the youngster stood a long drive,
coming on from ninth place, and then
losing to Sea Air by less than a length.
Smithy Kajie. played for a "killing."
ran third, after shaping out all the
c"arly pace. Michaels got away badly
•v.ith Prince Brutus and never cut any
ice.
TRACK NOTES.
The" well known New Tork book
r/iaker, Bob L!oyd, with his crew ar
riVed. yesterday morning. Bob will
cut in probably to-day.
Bullman was fined $50 for "back
talk" to Starter Holtman whi!e at the
■: c?t in the third race. " 1 v!
.I&kie Jones, who has only been rid
tag for a few days, after having recov
fcrtifl from a fractured collar bone, met
with another accident at the track
yesterday morning. While galloping
Rector the horee stumbled and Jakie
was thrown, receiving a severe shalr
iiig op.
McBride and Larsen divided the
? 1* .:•- honors, each piloting two win-
Rrunrttcs ••S:eadh*r" Than Blondes
" A lending employer of women Ften
ographers and clerks was quoted by
tJi» Chicago Tribune the other day
?-F;sayins about the office drees of his
for^e: .->-;< '
**'An pJmost infallible test I find is
this: "When talking with an appli
cant, it Fhe gives me her whole at
tention, keeps her <?yes in front of her
no- matter who passes behind her, or
at "her Bide, or In and out the office,
until .our interview is over, I am sat
lsfi£0 that that girl will be able to con
centrate on her work.
'^What "business men are looking
.for' is. women who in business hours
(an pet their attention on their work
rmd* keep it there. No other sort is
atjBpr value, no matter what sort erf
regalia she v.-ears or what color hair
f!ie has. I have noticed, though, that
dsric-hairod girls are less given to
jirfWping in office hours and less flir
tatious and apf»ear to be less taken
s;;»' with outside interests of their
■own than the blondes.**- 1 — Exchange.
For Your Br^t Girl.
:::j(jny eomb and brush sets, toilet
>f-e. triplicate hand mirrors and a won
rfu! \-ari^ty of beautiful toilet articles.
I nborn. Vail & Co.. 741 -Market street. •
•Washington-. r»e<-. ro.— Pmrfdent rioos*
*wlt to-ds>- . arc^pt^d a«) invitaticn to att^ntt
tV t^rw-oln day dinner uj be given by the IU-
rtiMtcan Club ol r.'ew Yerk on tfce 15:a of next
February.
SAX FEANCISCO CALL'S EACING FORM CHART.
OAKLAND — Tuesday, Dec. 20. "Weather fine. Track fast.
T5Oa. FIRST RACE — Seven furlongs: selling; all ares; value to first. $325.
Index' Horse and Owner. jWtiitTl^I »fl %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op. CK
7552 |Th« Cur*. 3 (Brinkworth Co.) 1CS & 2 h' 2 •; 2 2^2 2 1 lHiLarsen .... 8 8-5
7577 iThe Gadfly, 2 (Keen* & Co.) 96 1 4 iv$3 1 4 3 3 3 2 ns |Kun« 4 5
<7»74) Dora I, 5 (J. Rran) 104 4 14 12 1% 1 % 9 M IMcBrlde .. 8 7
7497 jKarabel. a (Bottper & H>.. 107 7 3^41 8 h 4 1^(4 7 .[Sherwood . 8 12
75fil <Dukc <3f Richelieu. S (Ootnfr)!l(Ui H 7 4 7 6 6 lt$« 5 5 •£ (Greenfield . 20 30
75oS J#rusha. 2 (W. R. Engrtrom). 00j 2 5 *; 5 n, 5 2 5 6 6 10 |Taylor 8 13
7475 !Mar>- IVpper, 2 <Hoppas> 85j 8 « 2^" 2 7 0 7 8 7 10 O. "chandler 50 1W
7540 iTanr.hauser. 3 < Hayes <?o.). .UCOi 3 8 "s 8 8 S J Hayes .. 12 13
fTS7<»»! Revolt. 4 <V. Gilbert) !112j L*ft JHelgeeen .. 3 11-2
Tim*- :24. :4». 1:14»«. 1:27*;. At post 1H minuter! Off at 2:13. Cure, place. 4-5; show, 2-5.
OadQy. plat—. 9-5; snow. 1. Dora, show, 6-5. Winner br. c by Dr . McBrlde-Disllke.
Trained by F. W. I>*«. Scratched— Anvil. HarUa. Start gocd for all but Revolt. Won
Easily. Balance driving. U'inner receix-ed good ride and was probably best. The Gad
fiv arrived late with Kunz. Too far for Dcra I. Karabtl could not get up. J«ru«ha out
footed, j i
7SO4. SEO5ND RACE— Six furlongs; selling 4-y*ar-o!ds and upward; value to first, $325.
Indexj , Horse and Owner. |Wt:St. \J. x». »». Str. Fin. j Jockey. I Op. Cl.
7581 fMocorlto. a (J. Ryan) 11104] 3 ... 41 (3.3b 13 'McBride ..1 10 10
C75S3)!& Licht<?n*t*in. S <<Madigon). Utt! 2 ... 3 h 3 h 4 h 2 »« jH^lgesen .| ' 3 14-5
1 7567 »; Bell Reed. 4 <Fitzgald & Cree) 107j 4 ... 1 »$ 1 n 1 1^3 U ISlwrwood .1.8 12
731'J I'earce. a<Stephenson)....jlC9 6 ... «iue2 6 4 "4 n iLoague ' 30 100
(75791 W. n. Condon, 4 (U H. B»ll):il2| 1 ... 5 n 5 3 5 4 5 4 {barsen .... 1 0-10
7570 ; Maud Muller. 4 (Mro. MiIler)ilO4 5 ... 7 7 7 6 lH'Wiley '60 100
7553 R^dan. 5 «G. Strobel) |lQ9| 7 ... 2 1^2 2U2 1 7 ' (Jenkins 10 17
Time— :24. :4fi^i, l:13* t . At post 2 minutes. Off at 2:40. Mocorito. place, 7-2; .show, 1.
FoJ LJchtenstMn. place. 3-5: show. 1-4. Rred. show, 1. \VIi:ner ch. m. by AnUgo-Santa
Monica. Trained by CJ. Wentworth. Scratched— Troy, Aibonlta. Aunt Polly, Miss Culver.
Molto. Start cood. Won easily. Balance driving hard. Mocorito received the shortest/
ride and this won for her. Set Uchtenst-ein poorly handled. Too far for Bell Reed. Con
don lacked si>eed. Redan quit. • .
7595. THIRI> RACE— Mile end 70 yard»; 3- year-olds and up; selling; value to first. $325.
Index! Horse and Owner. [Wt{8t. U. M. «i. Str. Fin. 1 Jockey. | Op. Cl.
75«S 'Follow Me. 6 (Mcs!»r Bros). .'l07[ 1 1 aj j r t n 12 1 1>~ Larsen 15 12
75SQ it-tllicho. 4 »T. G. F*frgUBon)..;l04] 7 2 \ 2 h 2 n 2 % .2 l^lTravers ... 6-5 8-5
<7r,Kl)! Scotsman. 4 (Brinkworth Co.);i04 5 3 1US 3 3 4 3 Ii 2 3 ns Greenfield . 3 5
7543 jFlaunt. a <T. H. Ryan). 105 3 5«i7 634245 |Kun« 6 6
75S1 ;Fille dOr. a (Appleton & Co.)!l02j 6 4 n 4 *i 4 *4 54 6 "i |\V. Davis.. 4 7-2
75O» I Major Tenny. 5 <Pledmcnt S.);108j 4 7 >; 1, .% \ 2 6 4 « 4 [Bullman ..( 8 13
7570 ILady K«rnt. a (J. Ryan> I1O2| 2635^77 7 tMcBride ... 15 15
71M> The Ledaean. 6 «Graftort Co.)jl07i 8 • ;Eherwood .. 50 100
Time— -:24'j. :4». 1:14^. 1:40^. 1:45. At post 3 minutes. Off at 3:05. Follow, place, 4;
show, :;-2. Stilicho. place. 7-10; show, 1-3. Scotsman, show, 3-5. Winner, br. g. by
Idalium-Folly. Trained by Clark Mosier. Start fair. Won handily. Secend and third
driving hard. Winner best. Stilicho had no excuses. Scotsman cut oft* once In stretch.
Flaunt ha<l a tempestuous voyage. Too much early use made of Fille d'Or. Major Ten
ny a roudder. 'Pulled up.
751HK FOURTH RACE— Six and a half furlongs; all ages; handicap; value to first. |400.
Index! Horse and Own^r. |Wt!St. %. ij. «tj. Sir. Fin. ) Jockey. I Op. a.
(75S2) Mar.sard. 4 (3. O. Keene&Co.)' ! 109 2 2 «i 2 l'»l h 1 1 1 h lHelgesen ..| 4-5 4-5
757^ iVenator. 4 «H. E. Rowell). . jlO6 1 3n&G 4^.'S1 22 JTravers .*.. .8 10
SSSS !Albu!a. 6 <Ldmasn<*y Bros.)..J fl7 4 1 >i 1 h 2 •"« 2 '-i .". n jGreenfleld . 8 7
7554 'Vesuvian, a iff. B. Jennings) 10« 5 6 . 3h'3>j4h 4n |W. Davis.. 3 »-2
75<» ;Juise. 3 tj. J. McAlester) 8S 3 4 1U4 n 5 5 5 3 5 3 jKuns ..... 10 12
7555 ;La« Knight. 5 <Lmsny Broe.) JK>165n6 0 « 6 ITaylor • •
Time— :23>,,. :47J-i. 1:12* 4 . l:l»ii. At pest 5 minutes. Off. at 3:33. Mansard, place, 2-5;
shew, 1-6. Venator, place. 3; chow, 1. Albula, show, 3-5. Lamasney Brofi.' entry
ccupled. show. 3-5. Winner, b. g. by Florist-Fedalma. Trained by J. O. Keene. Start
pood. Won all driving hard. Venator was cut off just after entering the stretch or he
would probably have won. Albula made a bold bid for it. Davis on Vesuvlan saved no
ground. Judge likes mud. "Coupled with Albula.
7597. FIFTH RACE — Futurity course: purse: two-year-olds; value to first, $325.
Index! Horse and Owner. |Wt|St. M.'. %^ %. Str. Fin. 1 Jockey. I Op. cT
7^SS |Sea Air (T. E. McLauph!In).!l00 8 ... 3 n 4 I '45 I I «; IMcBrlde ... 8 7
<7573);Dr. LegEo (G. W. Wilson). ..| 111 5 ... 8 1 7 1^6 2 2h iBonner .... 85 2
75»C iSmithy Kane 1H4II & Marshl)jlO2 4 ... 1 1%1 3 13 3 IHiKunz H 11-2
7432 ;A. Mufkoday <G. W. Dodge).. '103 2 ... 2 2U2 3 2 2 4 5 Travers ... W> 40
<7ft4e>iYada iW. CahUl) |10S 3 ... 5 2U3 14 3 n 5 »i [Greenfield . 6 10
7&7-1 IPrtnce Brutus <D. Cameron). 1105 » ... 7 1 G 2«44 4 84 ]H. Michaels 3 .5
7541 iPlatt <Stevens & Son> }10t* 1 ... «2 5n < v, 7 'i Mulhnan ... 20 30
< 7576) Lady Goodrich (AppIegate)..il05 11 ...116 10 2 9 1 $ 2 HI Bell 15 40
jLJndsay Gordon (Jennings). . [ 1 1 1 ; 1 0 ... 10 4 114 114 B3 W. Davis.. 10 25
757« 'Indicate (Summers & Co.)...:i03| 7 ... 8 «i 9 n 1(1 2 10 JMcGuire ... 100 160
74^ ; Identical U. Touhey) jlOO! 6 ... 4h 8h 8 111 jlxiague ... 100 100
...^[Ruby (W. B. Jennings) ji00:i2 ... 12 12^ 32 12_ \3. Wright:. • •
Time— :23*i. :4S. 1:10. At post '4 minute. Off at 3:57H. S^a Air. place. 5-2; show, 1.
I>»*ggo. place. 4-5: show, 2-5. Kane, show, 1. Winner, br. f. by Pirate of Penrance-
Fraprar.ce. Trained by T. E. McLa-jchiin. Scratched — Squire Johnson. "Coupled with
Lindsay Gordon. Start good. Won driving and going away. Second driving. . Third
stopping. Light weight /suited Sea. Air. Dr; 'Leggo bothered at start, came from far
back and thould have/ won. Smithy Kane -quit. A. Muskoday ran a nice race. Tada
outfooted. Prince Brutus poorly handled. Undsay Gordon almost left.
75J>S. 'SIXTH RACE-^Orie anfi a : sixteenth; fenee : eell!tfi;'3-year-oldir and tip; to first. $325.
Indexj Horse and Owner. IWtiSt. M. %. Str. Fin. i Jockey. OpT CK
7T.72 '.Kierette. 4 (W. BJ Jennlngs>.',10l] 2 2 4 2 2K2 3 1 h '1 *i jW. Davis.. 6 fi
75^4 \efn Nicholas. 5 1 II. E. Rowell )| 102 112 1 2^1 2 Travers ... 2 8-5
75»W ]Leila. 3 F. Clark) »•? 4 4 3 3 1^3 n 4 25 3 4 Greenfield . C-5 7-5
(75S0) Oro Viva. 4 (Riley & McRae). 99 3 3 *; 4 6 4 25 3 1 4 50 JMcBride ... « 8
75S3 ;Col. Anderson, i (McLaughlin) S»6| 5 5 5 5 5 5 Taylor .... 30 150
Time— :24. :4S4. UVtMl 1:39^». 1:46U- At poet 2 minutes. Off at 4:25»4! Nicholas place
1-2; show, out. Nigrette, place. 3-2; show, 2-5. Leila, show. out. Winner blk h'
by Rergie-Virglnla Dare. Trained by H. E Roweil. 'Disqualified for foul and placed
second. Start good. Wofi all driving hard. Nlgrme bumped San Nicholas in stretch
and was properly disqualified. Leila cut off on first turn, could not make up the
ground lost. Oro Viva outclassed.
» (
PROBABLE WINNERS.
BY FRED E. MULHOLLAXD.
First race — George P. Me-
Xear. Golden Buck, Robert
Mitchell.
Swond race — Sad Sam, Silent
Water, Aunt Polly.
Third race— Mimo, Bronze
Wing, llipponax.
Fonrth race — Ananias, Ar
cade, Divirta.
Fifth race — Mindanao, Anvil,
Northwest.
Sixth race — Ara, Head Dance,
Fleetwood.
BLACKSMITH
KOLB USES GUN
Takes Four Shots at Men He
Claims Attacked Him at
Brannan and Hitch Streets
Four pistol shots coming in rapid
succession shortly after midnight this
morning aroused the people in the vi
cinity of Brannan u.nd Riteh streets.
The shots were fired by August Kolb,
a blacksmith residing at the Winches
ter Hotel. Kolb save three men tried
to hold him up, while Charles and Clar
ence Morsy. 443 Third street, swear
Kolb fired at .them when he met them
c-n the street, saying: "Now I've got
you."
Kolb says he had come from the
fight with hi? stepson. Albert Hart
man, and was on the way to the boy's
home . at Brannan' atid Ritch streets
when' three men jumped out of the
darkness and attempted to hold him
up. He says one of tnem hit him on
the jaw and sent him reeling, to the
other side of the street- When he
arose, Kolb adds, he fired three times
at the men. Policeman Moran then
came on the scene, but the men dis
appeared in the darkness.
Kolb had 540 and a gold watch and
chain on his person. He says his step
son chanced to mention the names of
the Morss brothers when he saw three
men standing near the corner of Ritch
and Brannan streets a moment before
the trouble occurred.
The Morss brothers claim there Is a
long standing grudge between Koib
and themselves and that the former,
fired point blank at ther3 when he met
them on the street, saying: "Now I've
pot you. Charley." < The Morss broth
ers hastened to the Southern Police
station shortly after the trouble and
told their story to the police. Kolb
went to his room in the Winchester in
company with Officer Moran. Detec
tives have been detailed on the case.
; : In • hoarding pennies many a -man
• BQuanders good opportunities.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY; DECEMBER 21. 1904.
HANDICAP WORTH
CONTESTING FOR
The handicap at one mile and a
furlong with a 11000 valuation should
prove a strong drawing card at Oak
land this afternoon. Among the
starters are Ananias, Elliott, Arcade,
Divina and Military Man. •
Fim race — Futurity course, two-year-olds.
selling.
75*8 Edrodun <Lagorla A Forbes) '..105
(753»)'rtob«rt Mitchell (Summers) 107
7577 'Pirella (Miller) H5
75-SS Georye P. McX«ar (Stover) 112
757« Baker (McAllister) 103
75S8 "Golden Iluck ; (Schorr) 103
7504 *Fay Templeton (Dodge) 101
75(2) 'Sweet Kitty Bellalrs tPrice) »5
Second race— Fi\e and a half furlongs,
three-year-elds and up. selling.
(7547)»Sad Sam (Green) 108
'Aibonita (Macabee & Davis) 5X1
74«9 »Aunt Polly (Judge) 90
75:3 Sterline Towersi Stockton Stable) 107
"Kf4 Redsn (Strobe! > 107
7561 Urtoano (Judge) 101
<7M7)'Silent Water (Smith) 04
7574 *Batldor (Fine) 96
Third race — Six ana a hall furlonra, ,tcur
year-olds nr.d up. selling.
7545 »Augle (MasiU) »9
74C7 Skip Mr (Madison) 1O4
7M3 Troy fGilbert) I 09
f7S2U>Tfae Fretter (O'Rourke) 112
7580 *MiaK) (Sheridsn) 104
550O Bcdrer (Cru:a> 109
75GT, 'Bronze Wins. (Judge) JiO
7561 Military (WullH 104
7."i» Adirondack (Shannon) ...HH
7547 Clausus (F. Ryan) 107
7i!>3 "Dora 1 (J. Ryan) 104
7574 Hipponas (JL'can) loo
7Jkil Hucden f Sturgeon) 104
<7<©S)Frank V.oods < Garden City Stable) ..109
Fourth race— One and an eighth miles, 3
yoar-olds and un. handicap:
754S Uivina (El Prlmcro Stable) 106
75HO VeteYpno (Multnomah Stable) fl!)
jr-s* Kinett (Ualy)J 112
7M2 Ink ( I.an-.asne y) !>5
T.-.<«4 Anarlas USchorr) 104
754S Arcade < Jennings & Co.) 102
70S4 Military Man (Ferguson) ..105
Fifth race— One mile, 3-year-olds and up,
filing: Vi
~im »Anvil (Murray) . . . /. f)9
<7.V>S)*Red Cress Nurse (Josephs) ....10rt
7.'.91 The Lls'Jtenant (Stover) 105
riau>'Mooorito <Ryan> 104
iT40.iM;n<la?iao (Smith) 105
("iT/li'Northwest iFicaro Stable) 100
»7r»TS)*Budd Wad» <Bak^ City Stable) 304
Sixth rac«» — One mile. 2-year-oids, purse:
7«'fvS Fleetwocd «'Knebelkamp) 103
~tU\ EMeila J. (Jennings A Co.)..... 103
(75S6)Head Dance (Henshall) ioq
757rt Downpa trick (Ryan) 106
7ftS« Ara (Stevens) 100
7SRC Cardinal Sarto (Summers) 108
•Apprentice • allowance.
Revolts at Xcw Orlcan*".
NEW ORLEANS. Dec. 20.— Results: .
First race, half mile — Antimony won. Balance
All eecond, Mrs. Bob third, j Time. :49 2-5.
Second rece, five furlongs— Telencope won.
Mayor Johnson second. Frontenac third. Time,
1:01 3-5. -
Third race. «ev,en furlongs — High Wind won,
T*-rn» Rod second, John Doyle third. Time,
1:29 4-5. . ■;■•. •
, ■ Fourth race..?ne and a sixteenth miles— Lit.
tie Boy won, Arachu* second. Always Faithful
third. Time, 1:531-5.
Fifth race, one and a half miles— I<ord Ten
nyson won, Brooklyn second, Catallna third.
Tlm<\ 2:40.
Sixth race, five and a half furlongs — Kilties
iron. , Escutcheon second, Annie Alone third.
Time. ; 1 :0S. " •
•COLON. Dec 20.— The United States auxil
iary «-u!«er_; Yankee" arrived to-day", with. 500
marines on board to relieve the battalion which
bas been etatiosed at Empire Camp.
DIAMANTE WINS
STIRRING RACE
Overcomes a Lead of Two
Lengths and Beats Heather
■Honev in a Dash for Wire
FINISH IS SENSATIONAL
Pacifieo. EdinUorough and
Sceptre Capture the First,
Second and Third Events
«
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 20.— The finish
of Diamante, the winner of the " last
race, was the stirring feature of the rac
ing at Ascot to-day. From a position
behind a field of seven into the stretch,
Diamante made the greatest finish ever
seen on the local track, and won the
race from Heather Honey, the favorite,
which had a lead of two lengths over
the field at the head of the stretch.
Diamante, was 4 to 1 in the betting and
was well played at this figure.
It was a good day, for favorites, four
of them winning, while a second choice
and a decided outsider took the other
two races.
The first race had fourteen starters,
with Baldwin's entry of Salario. Reta
dor and Pacifieo a 1 to 2 favorit^. The
result was never In doubt, Pacifieo win
ning easily from Revel and Crown
Princess. Edinborough lasted long
enough to beat his field in the second.
Nanon was second and El Verraco
third. The winner was heavily played
all over the ring. Sceptre, which start
ed in his first Jumping race, furnished
the biggest surprise of the day, leading
all the way and winning easily. He
was anywhere from 12 to 15 to 1 in
the betting. Flea was second and Dr.
Long third. Mrs. Grannan, the favor
ite, ran disappointingly. Mad Mullah
sustained his reputation of never being
"outside the money" by winning the
fourth after a very pretty race, Inter
lude second and Cerro Santa third.
Capitanazo scored his third straight
victory by taking the fifth from Tramo
tor and Milton Young in the order
named. The weather was clear and the
track fast. Summary:
First race.i five furlongs, maiden two-year
olds—Pacinco. 116 (Hildebrand). 1 to 2. won;
Rfveir 112 (Kent). 15 to 1, second: Crown
Princers, 112 (M. Wood), 5t> to 1. third. Time.
1 :02V4-* Fer de Lance, St. Dixie. Del Caro
nadd. Lady Witt. Whitestone. Salario. Reta
dor. Cholk Hedrick. C. P. Waterhouse. Sinl
cado and Auro also ran.
Second race. Slauson course, selling — Edin
borough. 108 (H. Smith), 11 to 5. won: Xanon.
105 (J. Powell). B to 1, second; El Verraco,
\ta (Truebel). 6 to 1. third. Time, 1:11.
Trovator. Merry Sport. Graylette, Chief Aloha.
Estado and Sir Christopher also ran.
Third race, one and a quarter miles, hurdle
handicap — Sceptre. ISO iRustell). 12 to 1, won;
F!ea, 1*25 (Amos), 20 to 1, second; Dr. Long,
141 (Sullivan). S to 5, third. Time. 2:18^.
Cazador. Allegiance and Mrs. Grannan also
ran.
Fourth race. Slau^on course. Felling — Mad
Mullah. 104 iTooman). 0 to 10 won: Inter-
luae. 99 (Kent). 6 to 1. second; Orro Santa.
ICC (Herbert). » to f, yilrd. Tlipe. 1:10. Sil
ver He«Is. Happy Chappy. The Major and Dur
bar also ran.
Fifth race, «lx furlongs — Capttanazo, • 110
<Hildebrand).* 2 to B. won: Tramotor. 100
(Wal*h). « to 1, second; Milton Youns. ICG
(Dupan). » to 2. third. Time. 1:14 \i. Ralph
R«ese also ran.
Sixth race, one and an eighth miles, sell
ing — Diamante. IG3 (Truebcl). 4 to 1. won:
Heether Honey. 100 (McDaniel). S to 5. second;
Merwan, 105 (Lawrence), 5 to 1, third. Time,
1:55. Jingler, Blueridge, Clneinnatus and Wil
liam P also ran.
LYNCHERS GET
FULL PENALTY
Stiff Sentences Dealt Out
by a Judge in the Cir
cuit Court of Mississippi
BROOK HAVEN, Miss., Dec. 20. —
In the Circuit Court to-day Dave Po
sey was convicted of manslaughter
for the killing of Ben Bayliss, a ne
gro. The defendant claimed that the
killing was justifiable, as he found the
negro stealing corn. Judge Wilkin
son sentenced Posey to twenty-five
years in the penitentiary.
Judge Wilkinson passed sentence on
ten other men to-day as follows: Oscar
Franklin, lift imprisonment for the
murder of EH Hilson, a negro; Will
Franklin.sD. W. Smith, Elias Smith, R.
D. Smith and Elbert Gill, each 50 years
in the penitentiary for manslaughter
for the killing of Henry List, a negro.
These two killings were the whitecap
cases, which 1 aroused the indignation of
the citizens . and caused the formation
of the. Law and Order League.
John Smith and John McNulty, ne
groes, who were convicted of murder,
received life sentences. J. p. Troy, a
negro, was given a year for burglary.
Sam Posey, who pleaded guilty to two
charges of whitecapping and was con
victed of highway robbery, was sen
tenced to ten years on the robbery
charge and five years on each of the
whitecapping charges, a total of twenty
years. H. Lofton, one of the crowd
concerned in the List killing and who
turned State's evidence, was given his
liberty. ■ if^'l
Apropos or (tolonel King.
That Aniericaivxolonel who died the
other day after writing a. thousand
novels with 40,000,000 words in them,
has a ' celebrity now which he never
dreamed of in . his lifetime. The
French papers are fulj of him. His
name resounds throughout Italy. The
Danes have paused in the making of
butter for exDdrt to England and have
asked themselves this question:
"Would it not be more profitable to
churn fiction?" It is reckoned that in
this industry the colonel's capacity
per minute every hour of the day
for twenty-four hours was 2.24 words.
It brought him in about £2000 a
year and it made his manners "kind,
deferential and yet proud." His
photograph has a\ strongly military
aspect, as of a man whose words were
legion. To the Continental mind he
is* evidently the crowning marvel of
American energj' and : . resource, and
Europe 1 thinks, of his "output" as it
thinks of Niagara '.and the Mississippi.
London Chronicle.
STEAL. WHITE LEAD. — R Storz. 925 Pqst
street, reported to the, police yesterday ' that
httT.-ofn Saturday 'night "and Monday two bar
rels of j white - lead " weighing 46O , pounds ; and
•valued at. $35 were, stolen from a - house • in
course • of " construction on Hatght ; street, < be
tween Gough and Ociavla. . A wagon had been
used by the thieves. WgBBtBJHj
Fight by Rounds
Continued From Page 10. Column 1.
breaking the men. Britt sent straight left to
the lace, but received in return a right on the
Jaw and a left to the body. Nelson fought
hard and it was give an 1 take. Nelson, If any
thing havjng the advantage. Nelson uppercut
with right to the Jaw, but Britt Bent In right
and left swings to the jaw in return. They
mixed It fiercely, and Brttt slipped to the floor
from a missed rlcht uppercut. The gong rang
with the men In a furious exchange of right
and left swings to the face and jaw. The pace
was almost superhuman, and Britt looked the
more tired of the two as they sought their
corners. .
Sixteenth Round.
They mU»d it at close quarters, giving blow
for blow. Nelson forced Britt to the rope»,
but the latter was too clever and covered up
and the Dane's vicious onslaughts went for
naught. Nelson kept forcing Britt about th»
ring and Britt's efforts to land on the Dane
were fruitless. Suddenly Brltt got his range
and showered a perfect avalanche- of right and
left swings on Nelson's Jaw. The Dane was
laying low, however, and as., soon as Britt had
worked himoelf into a weak state Nelson went
at him hammer and tongs, landing his right
and left volleys on Britt's head and Jaw.
Brilt went to his corner looking very weak.
Seventeenth Round.
They went to clo?e quarters an<l were sep
arated by Roche. Nelson bored in and Brilt
tried his lefts for the face, but all the blows
were blocked. Brltt swung left and right to
the face, but was apparently tired and Nelson
went alter him in an effort to wear him down.
Britt then stopped these tactics with a re
sumption of his left Jabs and finally swung
a vicious left to the face. Brltt was forced
against the ropes, but wiggled out of danger
like an eel and sent straight left to the face.
Nelson continued after Britt In an endeavor to
get Britt to mix, but Britt kept dancing away
and varied it with straight left jabs to Nel
son's face, which had little If any effect.
The gong rang with Britt much fresher than
in the previous round and with the honors
a shade in his favor.
Eighteenth Round.
Britt jabbed as usual with left to the face
and danced away iroin the Dane, who en
deavored to get him to close quarters. Finally
N>ison sent a straight left to Brltfs jaw
and in a mix they exchanged lefts to the face
and Britt worked a left uppercut to the jaw
which did not stay the Dane in the least.
Britt was again buffeted about the ring, but
stopped Nelfcon with l*ft hook to the body.
The referee then separated them from a clinch
and Britt ripped his left with terrific foroe
to the body. Nelson chased Britt around, but
his blows were ill-timed and Britt kept pegging
away with his left to the jaw and then sent
right swing to the head. Britt went to his
corner with blood flowing from the reopened
abrasion in his forehead. At the end of the
round the crowd yelled itself hoarse, some
yelling "Brltt" and the others "Nelson."
Nineteenth Round.
Nel?on forced Britt about the rinit, but
Britt's footwork was too much for the Dane.
Britt then hooked his left twice to the body
and they went to a clinch. Britt swung: lett
hard to the *ar and /then swung a fearful
lell to jhe body. They mixed it again with
th«? crowd hiaeing. Nelson chased Britt about
again, but Britt met him en all occasions
with straight lefts to the face, which he
varied with a hard right swing to the ear
and a left hook to the body. Britt put another
left hook to the body and they clinched against
the ropee. Nelson suddenly caaght Britt nap
ping and swung two fearful rights and a left
to the jaw, rocking Britt's head. Britt cams
back with ri(tht and left swing bard to the
Jaw and the bell rang with honors even. The
crowd renewed its cries of "Britt." "Nelson."
at the end of the round.
Twentieth Round.
Nelson waded In desperately, but could not
locate the shifty local lad. who suddenly
hooked two fearful lefts to the Jaw and fol
lowed it with another, staggering Nelson a
bit. They fought in ,th?. center: of, . the, ring
and exchanged, rifrtu and' left , swings to the
face. In a clinch Tftefiree Roche had* his "hands
full separating the belligerents. \ Britt then
sent Nelson's head back with a left hook and
followed It with a left swine to the Jaw.
Then ' Britr once" more hooTced his -left to the
jaw and followed it with two right swines
and a left hook to the face. The fighting:
was fearful. Britt going in with left and right
swings to Nelson's jaw and the gong clanged
Oenctir.s that the battle was over. Referee
Roche promptly awarded the decision to Brut.
The decision. was greeted with mingled cheer3
and hls.«lnr.
« i —
OPINIONS OF EXPERTS.
The Decision of Referee Roche Meets
AVith Popular Favor.
After the battle the views of sport
ing men were secured and in almost
every instance the decision rendered
by Referee Roche was approved.
Alec Greggains said: "It was a
good fight and a good decision. I
think Corbett In condition can defeat
either man."
Phil Wand: "It was a, grand con
test and the referee could not decide
any other way. Britt outpointed Nel
son all the way."
John J. Gleasori: "If Britt had a
knockout punch he would have won in
short order. Jimmy put up a great
fight and deserved a decision."
George Harling: "It was a slash
ing battle. Britt outpointed Nelson,
but the Dane certainly is . a wonder
ful fighter. The decision suited me."
Young Corbett: "Say for me that
it was a poor battle. I wish I had
been in there to-night and in condi
tion. I would have beaten either
man. I will go to Harbin Springs in
a few* days and train in the hope of
getting a return match with either
Nelson or Britt. The decision was all
right."
•Billy Jordan: "Roche decided all
right. Britt is a great boy."
Bob Smith: "The worst Nelson
should' have got was a- draw. The
climate out here seems to make na
tive sons out of all our referees."
William Greer Harrison: "Britt
put up/ a wonderful battle against a
dangerous opponent. He displayed
courage and cleverness and was right
fully declared the victor."*
Eddie Graney: "Had I ref&rsed the
contest I would have decided in
Britt's favor. Nelson was aggressive,
but Brltt landed the most blows."
Refused Gold Coins.
A man, on a wager of $1000, recently
stood at Wall street and Broadway.
New York City, for a whole day several
years ago offering $5 gold pieces for 50
cents, and was unable to' find a pur
chaser. Every passer-by said to him
self, "Can't fool me!" . The coins were
genuine, but there was just a touch of
human nature, which convinced all
that the dealer was selling gilded lead
and making 500 per cent profit.
ADV r KKTlSE3IEXTS.
WEAK MEN CURED
'•/r\''y-C - We hav» a safe.-
. soto 0H.YIT US /XyS\ I* SIMPLK HOME
.V9| w" and want
x \± r^Xi£s2r*6r every WKAK or
22 /^'vl'^M ?( U XBEVELOPED
3SJ fi 1*9 'f* L *. .to tf2 *n*n to try it for
. V. iSl^J' T»tet tf 5 '° <*»>•• «n - ap-
(H °^ «* rroval without
JC il T'if'llnl^ 2 O tharue. Call on
3fl f jfli^L/^jKA iiiO up cr write for
£3 Sri|*0?r/ ' *>!iS > > ou r n« w V 'cry In
|K ON THE ftructive 100-pat;e
7P" SQUAOE c JKa°~ illustrated book.
tV im um u ■ mnmrn S No - "• fuII >' « :
tl j By I'M >fr ffsi-ifc HW < plair.lntr our most
ajusMJM.* — . — remarkable treat-
ment.' It - will •■ renore - the lire auid VIGOK
of ; YOUTH. The only positive means known
("; WtmiCT URETHRAL MCt>CATION" a=ia^
■which will fully enlarge and completely de-
velop the organs, used with our Soluble Cray-
or.s quickly cures all drains and - discharges.
Varieocele. 8tricture, . Premature Decay, En-
largement of Prostate Gland, 'etc. Our phy-
sicians are ■ experienced specialists for^MEX
onli- .We have the most successful home cure
In the world. - CALL, or ■ WRITE TO-DAY.
Book sent SECUnEL-Y SEALED free. Hours—
» to 0. Sundays— lOf.to 1. . ,
Vacanra Appliance Co., \Z'XH£
j ■ ' Ap_\TERTISE3IiyrS. ;
(■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■BBBBBaBBBHHBBaBaaflaB
I AUCTION SALE! g
i 200 Vehicles of AH Kinds f
I The balance of carriages and vehicles damaged by fire B
I at O'BRIEN'S CARRIAGE FACTORY, corner Golden Gate g
\ avenue and Polk street, will be offered at public auction g
I Thursday, December 22, at 11 a. m. a
I This is a compulsory sale not of cheap work, but of the ■
I best makes of stylish vehicles, which will have to be sold ir- n
■ respective of cost, without reserve or limit, in order to enable n
I us to make room to put an extra story on the building and re- p
■ construct our basement floor. v y^BJ
1 Chance of a lifetime to buy nine passenger brakes, coun- q
a try club wagons, high-grade Surreys, Toomey Bike Carts, Kl
•j Ball-bearing Buggies, O'Brien patent spring business wagons, j
■ a number of children's pony vehicles, a lot of light express ■
I and delivery wagons, finished and unfinished, whips, robes, 2
! etc., etc., etc. j .»-_ --, ■
I O'BRIEN (8^ SONS, JOH n j. doyle g
s Golden Gate Ave. and Polk St. Auctioneer. ■
iBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBaBBBBBBBBBBBBaBBBBBBBS
ADVERTISES! EXTS.
VMVS «ONE \
1 yj iTO-DA\
rorfhrlstmal
I A gcc<3. substantial and nice ap-
I rearing bag: fine value for the
money; my price fl.OO
Come in to-day and get one.
I have a fine line of Pl'RSES.
CARD CASES and WALLETS at
popular prices, in all stylish leath-
ers and shapes.
An appropriate and us'ful pres-
ent fcr a man or woman is COKK- •
LIN'S SELF-FILLING PEN. th*
perfect and most convenient fountain
pen. Prices *3.OO to $5.O<>
Christmas cards and calendars
from 5c up.
Mall orders promptly filled.
THAT MAS PITTS,
F. W. PITTS. The Stationer.
i 1008 Market St. Op:>. Fifth. S. F. i
|*2BS^931SESa3B^BEB5&I^SLSE
CUTLERY
EVERY BLADE WARRANTED
/^L Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
' PL*.**, ™k 629 KEAKSY »T. FjtabUshed
KTHr^oft 1 " 1?»54 for the trfatmrnt of l*riv«te
Slk® nt<eaHf 5. l/«t MunbCKxJ. DeWItty or
Ull8J£ftwB > t fli'«»*mi'» wearing (Mi ttody anil mind ami
!SHHw5Sl'*lc'n Oi****** TlieOoctorcnreswl.en j
Nffl^^Sothrra fail. Try him. fhargw low. j
{^gmgl'nrea taaranlrfd. Cull or write.
Or. J. F. Uinno.\. iiau Frap-daco. Cat
BA1JLVVAY TRA^TEX.
icALI^NlALiMl^^
|CHICAGO T |N -3 DAYSi
i LEAVES DAILY AT9:3O A.M.K
|fl WITH O1NERSAHD9LeEPgRsH
Other Santa P« Train u
7:30 a. m.l
9:.1O a. m. Stockton. Fresno, Bakersfleld.
S :00 p. m. j Merced. Hantcrd and Visalla.
4:00 p. m. For Stockton.
fc:00 p.m. For Kansas City. Grand Canyon
and Chicago.
Ticket Offices — frll Market st. and Ferry Depot,
San Francisco: .also 1112 Broadway. Oak-
land, Cal.; also 27 South 1st, San Jose.
:
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. C9.
Tihnron Ferry. Foot of Market Street.
SAN rBAHCISCO TO SAW BATAEL.
WEEK DAYS — 7:30. 8:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
5:30. 5:ll>. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra irip
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. S:SO.
6:00. 6:20, ll:S0 p. m. .
SAN SAFAEL TO SAN TKANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05. 7:35, 7:50. 9:20. 11:13
a. m.; 12:50. 3:40. 5:00. 5:20 p. m.
Ssturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:00. 9:4O 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40,
4:05. 5:05, 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect - J Arrive
San Fran. ! Oct. 2. 1904. | San Fran.
Week I Sun- I Destina- I Sort"- j Week
r-ays. I days. | tlon. | days. | Days.
7:30 a 9:00 a 9:10 a 8:40 a
9 :30 a Ignado. 10 : 40 a 10 :20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p 6:05 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:00 p 7:35 p '
7-S0a 9:10a 8:40a
• 8:00a Nova to. 10:40a 10:20a
3:30 p 9:30 a . Petaluma 6:05 p 6:i0p
6:10 p 3:30 p and 7:35 p
| 5:00 p Santa Rosa. f . . s
7:30a ~ 10:40 ajlO:2O a
■'*■ S:(¥>a Fulton- ' 7:35 p! 6:20 p
3 :30 p 3:30 p j I '
j ' Windsor. J
I 7:30a S.OOa Healdsburg, 10:40 aflO:2O a
i <• • Lytton. . I
3:30 p 3:30 p GeyserviHe. 7:23 p 6:20 p
I Cloverdale. j
7-30 at 8:00 at Horland 110:40 ai!0:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 pi and Uktah. I 7:35 pj 6:30 p
I I Willlts and | 1
7:30 a| 8:00 a[ Sherwood. 1 7:35 p] 6:20 p
7:30 al S:COal ~- 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 pi 3:30 pi Guerneville. | 7:35 pj <S:20p
7-30 at 8:<*)«r Sonoma. t 9:10 al 8:40 a
r>;10p| 5:00 p! Gl'n Ellen. |6:C5p|6:2Op
7:30a| 8:nOal 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p* Sebastopol. • | 7:35 pj «:20 p
gTACES connect , at ■ Green Brae for San
Quentin; at Santa Rosa for Whit^ Sulphur
Strings and Mark West Springs: at Lytton for
Lytton Springs: at Geyservflle for Skagjn
Springs: at Cloverdale .for the G*ysers. Boone-
vlUe acd Greenwood; at HopUnd for. Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs, KelseyvlUe. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport. Bartlett
Springs and Lake County Hot Springs; at
L'kiah Tor Vichy Springs.- Saratoga Springs.
Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Springs.
Upper Lake. Pomo.' Potter Valley, John Day's.
Riverside. Uerly"*. •• ■ Bucksell's. Sanhedrtn
Heights, Hullvllle. Orr's Hot Springs, Halfway
House Comptche. Hopkins. Mendoclno . City. ,
Fort Bragg. Westport and Usal; at WilUts for
'Fort Bragg, Hearst and Sawyers; at Sherwftod
for- Cahto. Covelo. Laytonville. Cummings.
Bell's Springs. Harris, . Hubbard. Frultland.
Dyer. Garberville. Camp 5. Pepperwood. Scotia
and r Eureka. ...
-Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. :■
On Sunday — Round- trip tickets to all points
tx-yond San Rafael at half, rates.
Ticket office. - 650 Market street. Chroalclt
bulldlns-
JAS. L. FRAZ1ER. R- X. RYAN. "
■ cua. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
RAILWAY TRA VET*.
•^fTT^v TTil11 !••▼• »■« •'• <*■•
. toarrt-vast
(S^^^^Zi BJLS FRANCISCO.
\ 'S' —^^~/oJ T*O* Ocromjta SS. 1301
V^^S»*y Tzsst Dapvr
>>wC \jS (Toot of Market Strset >
•■■"' - MAIN LINE. — Aa»iT»'
7 00a Vacavuie. Wiotara, Uumsay 7 b0*
7.00a BenlPia. Elmtra and Smcraaento.. 7-2Us*
7-30* Tallejo, Napa. Callatoga. Saata
Uoaa. Martinez. Saa ltamon..... 6 2C»
7 30a JJ!le«. Tracy. Lathrop, Stoek:oa.. M 7 20*
8 00a Shasta Ezprcaa— (Via I)»t!»).
witiiaan. w:nows, trrato. Ued
Bluff. Portland. Tacoraa, Seattle 7-50*
I COa Darla. Woodland. Ecichts Landing,
MaryiTir.e. Oro»llle 7-50»
8-30 a Kirtlaei. AotloetL Bjroa. Tracy.
Stoc'iioo, N«wman. Lo* Baooa,
Menictv Annoiia. Uaaford.
♦riai»Ufc. f-marrUle «.2tt»
■ 30a Port Costa. Modeato. Merced.
Freico. Ooiiicn Junction, Hkn-
ford. VUaI!». PVi-rs'eid 4-50»
8 30 A ytlea. Saa Joae, Llrermore. Sioci-
ton. (*Mi!toa). l«as. Saeramenta
MarjriTtlle. Cblco. Red Bluff .... 4 ZB»
8 30 a Oalcdale. Chinnve. Jameitowa. So
nora, Toolnmnr and Aocela ..... 4-ZO*
9 00a A tlaatlc Kxprets— Ostten aad B*at. 5 23*
9- 30a Richmond, Jdarttne* aftd W»y
9tat:oaa 850*
YOOOATbo Orerland Llmf.eit — «»«dex
Om>ib». Chicago. I>oaT«r,Kaaiaa
10430a Vai:eJ*o_._ """."""1**1111 12^5»
10.00a Lo» Anirelea Pajienger — Pert
Com. Martines. Byroa. Tracy,
Lathrop. Stockton. Merced,
Kajmoad. Fresno. Gosh*n Jaa>
tlon. Hanford. Lemoore. VlcaUa. _ __
Bakenceld. Lo* Anirelea 4iS*
12.00m Hayward. KHea and Way BtaUoai. M fM»
ti-OOP Sacramento Rlxer Steamers Tll.aO*
3-3CP BeBlciE, VTtntera. SacnLseaM,
'Woodlanil. Kalvhta iJtndlss.
MaryiTllle. OrorHle aad w«y
•Wtlotia „
3 JPp Hay ward. Ntlea aad Way SUUoaa.. 750»
8 50p Port Costa. Mw^oez. Byroa,Tr»ey.
Lathrop. MocMon, Model to,
tlerced. Beread*. Fresno aad
Way SUtlooa beyond Tort Cotta 12.20*
4 ttP Mart!oex.Sanrtarocn. ValleJo,Hap»,
Callttoea. Sanu Hoaa^ J -20*
4 OOp Kflea. Tracy. Stockton M 10 20*
4 30p Hayward. Irrlactoa, Sul tt.sa*
Joae. LTfenncT* > tii.&OA
6C0PTne Owl Limited — Newman, hot
Uanoa. Mendota. Frcina. Tulira.
B»kenBrld. Lot Anjele*. .«■■■■■ 8-50»
IS 30p Hayward. Ntlea and ban Jot* mmmm 7.23*
f .OOP Hay ward. ST.e* aad San Joae i-SUA
C.C9P£a9ternKxprcn — Omiiii. Cnlcazo.
DtnTer. kaaaaa City. St. Lou la,
Martlabi. StocJttoa. Sacramento
Colfas. Reno, b parks, iljateUo^
Ozdea :2.S3»
I.OOr Vallejo. daily, except Sunday.... i 7 ci>.
7-OOp Vallejo, 6nnday only f *' 9vm
7X0Pl:ifh'nond. Saa Pablo. Port Coiu,
Mtrttcei and Way Butlosa 11.2S*
TXOPHeno P*»«enijer— Port Cost*. B»-
Btcta. Sa'saa, Elmtra. Oixoa.
Uarlj. Sacramento, Sparks. Tono-
pah. Keeier and War Statioss... /Si*
<4Sp Orejron * California Exprera— 8a«>
ramento, MaryivlUe, Ksddlnt,
Portland. Facet Sound and Kaau 851a
i.lOP Bayward. M5e» and San Jo*«(Saa-
dayonfy) 1160%
COAST LINE <*arr«w Utug*).
. (Foot of Market Street.)
8.16a Newark. CenterriUe. Saa Joaa,
Felton. Boulder Creek. 6aat»
Crux and Way Statlona t-63*
tt-1BP Newark. CenterrlUe. Saa Jota.
New Almaden. Loa Gato*.Fe::oa.
Eonldur Creak, Santa Cru* aad
Principal Way SUUoaa TtO 55*
4.1EP Newark. Baa Jote, Los Gatoa...] *j§;f£2
«9.3Cp Bnntera* Train (Safarday tn!j>—
San Jo«e and Way Station! I7-25i»
COAST LINE < Broad «4a« K «j.
tW (third and Townaend Streata.)
* 6-IOa San Jose aoJ TVay Sutioaa. 6 33*
7.00a San Joie and Way SutJoaa • 64C>
<i.00A New Almaden (Toet.. FrM_ only). 4.10>
800a Tho Coaster— San Jose, eallaaa.
Baa Ardo. Paso Cobles. 6ant*
Margsi-lt*. Eaa LuU Oblipot
Gc&dalupe, Gaviota. Santa Bar-
bara. San BaeaaTentnra. Moo-
tilvo. Oxaard. Bar bank. Lot
An^elea 13-Stta>
1.00a Gllroy, Holllster. Castrorille. Del
Monte, Pacific Grove, Sarf , Loar
poo : 10-30*
0.00a San Jose. Tret Piaos.WatscnTnie.
Capltola. Santa Crux, Pacific
(irore. Saliaas. Baa Ln!i Ob*j?o
and Prlacipa: Way Sutioaa. M 4.10»
10.30a 6an Joae and Way Stations.. ....... 1.20»
II 30a San Jose aad Ifij ....... 7.30»
2 16p San Jose and Way Siat.on* 8 33*
'4 GOP Del Monte Kxpre<s~SanU Clara,
Saa Jose, W » t * o a •» i 1 1 e. SacU
Cruz. Del Von :e. M on terey,
raciflcGroTe 12-15*
13-OOp Los Gates. Wright. Boulder Creek,
Sanu Crnz. t!j Sanu Clara aad
Narrow Gauge tiO <5*
8-5CP Valencia St.. SoutJi S%n Franclaco.
Barllcjrame. Saa Joae, Gllroy.
Bolllster. Tre» Plno» ia4T>«
4^0pFaa Jo*e and Way dutloas , tlOO*
♦6-OOp Sanu Clara, San Joae. Loa Gatoa.
and pnaclpal Way atatlon* (ex-
„ eept Sunday) ts-OOA
I6-30p SapJoteaodPrtoclpalWayStatloaa O.43*
b 4iP Sanset Express.— Hedwood. Baa
Jose,GnroT.Saliaaa,Paao Koblea,
Saa Lnls Obit po. baau Barbara,
Loa Anerlea. Deoilns. KI Pat<x
Bt_Loul«,NewOr!eaaa,NewToTi: 8.10*
6.4SpPaJ»ro. WatsonTllle. Capltola,
easta Cruz. CaatroTlIZa, Del
Monte. Pacific GroTe 10-30*
18-15p %au Mateo,Beret'ord.BeImont,Saa
dries. i:<".jwoort. Fair Oaka,
UealoPirk. Pa^o Alto t8-4S«
6-39p P»a Joae and Way SUttona. , — 6 33*
8 COp Palo Alto aad Way Station* ;. 10.13a
11.30p South San Francisco. MUX&rae. Bnf" .
::o; a me, (san Mateo, Belmoat,
tun Carlo*. Redwood, Fair Oaka.
Menlo Park, aad Palo Alto *9 45»
•TIISOp Jfayneld, Moanuin View. Sunny-
vtle. Lawrence. Santa Clara aad ■ «
Ban Joae tS-4S»
Afor Uorninir. P for Af uraooa.
1 l«a<*ay txcepted t Saaday ealy. .
a Saturday ealy. . • Monday oiiy.
{Sum at all station* oa Saadaz,.
H To SAN RAFAEL
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc
. Ti» SatosaUtto Ttxxy
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD OACGE.
Depart £rcm Saa Francisco, daily, at f7:03.
T:45, 8:25..9:X0. »:50. Xl:0O a. m.; 12:20, V.ii,
3:15* 4:35. 3:13, B:SO. 6:30. 7:15 10:15 aad
11*33 p. in.
ArriT« at Saa Franciaco. dally, at t«:40,
7-35 815. 8:5O, »:35. 10:50 a. m.; 12:10. 1:30.
2:55." 4;t5V 5:05. 5:42. «:22. 6:57. 7:10 aad 11:25
p. m.
tDally except Sunday.
. For Fairfax, tfally. at 7:43 a. in.: »!»o Eatur.
days at 3:15 P- m.. and daily except* Saturday
and Sunday at 5:15 p. m.
THKOUGH TRAINS.
"•45 a. m. dally— Cazadero and way station*.
3:15 p- m.. Saturdays only— For Cazadero.
&:15 p. in. dally, except Satarday aad Sua«
day. for Tcmales. etc.
TICKET OFFICE— G50 Market «t.
FERRY — Union Depot, toot cf Market at.
■VlT. Tamalpais Railway
It. Sai fnaasCT | | lr. to fttacw*
8; 35a fSSSBBHH 1:3Of •10:50*
9:5Oa a:SO*iy§M»<f*X!^y a:35? 3:33r
l-'-i'.ip" l*;45pj 6:"2?p ""c"a*^'y
Sa'arfiTt 4:35p -. Usaixjt ll:l»p
. 'lit GriTitj far Y MXtiaalpaatoamyaCiy
TICIIT J 650 Marctt St^( North Shore Railroad
MT.C13 { aad Sausauto Fsuy, Foot bUxixt S«,
1112
•L9 1 ty .V;^ 1 * 1^^,^^: • • • Pl 'P? r . ietor
Adorers Communications 10
JOirS J McXACGlTT. . ''.I*-;?'.*'. .Manager
\V. J. MAHTIX... . Business , .Manager
TELEPHONE.
Aik fcr THE CAUL. The operator Will Con-
nect ycu With tne Dei artiaeut You Wish.
I'liblicatlcn Office Markst and Third. S. K.
iliiicriii liccxui 217 10 2^1 Stevenscn Et.
t>e!ivere<l by Carrier.s. SO Cts. Per Week. 75
Ota. Per Month. Wnsl*' Copies b Cts.
Term* Ly ilail. Ir.c'.udinK Postage (Cash W\tn
Order) : .„ :^i
;>A1LY CALL (Jndurt. Sunday). 1 year. ..$S.fM»
DAILY CALL tinclud. .Sunday). 0 mos... 4.00
IJAJLY CALL— tiy Single Mor.th <pc
fixruy CAUU 1 Year ~ "
tTEESXT CALL. 1 year t: 1 .
FORriG*C f Daily.. .JS.SO Per T>ar Kxtra
f'OKTArr J P'ir.(Jay. 4.15 Per Year F.xtra
IOETAGL. (vilely. 1.00 Ter Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTEr.S ARE AUTHORIZED
TO KECEIVi: SUBSCRIPTIONS.
fatsple Ccpies will he forwarded when re-
quested.
M«i! eul>*cr:bers in ordering charge cu afl-
£rrt» should be particular to both >EW
AND OLI> ADDP.ESS in order to insure a
rrotr.x>t and ccrrtct comc'.iauce with their re-
■jetst.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1018 Broadway Telephone Main 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE:
tltS Center Street Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
SAMUEL W. WALL Post Building
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Astcria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31
Union Pquare; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue
HcteJ anJ Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Fbcrm«ii House: P. O. New« Co.: Great
Northern Betel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Hctel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEOR1E KROGNEES. Marquette BuiMlng.
(Long Dlfiance Telephone. •"Central 2619.")
NEW YCRK REPRESENTATIVE:
ETEFHEM B. SMITH SO Tribune Building
NEW YOr.K CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BCSDCESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call.
corner Market end Third streets; cpen until
J2 o'clock every night !n the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
ICfS Market street opposite Fifth: open until
11 p. m.
f"7 Montgomery street, corner Clay: open until
»:30 p. m.
30o Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
t"» McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m.
€15 LarUin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1&41 Mifsion street; open until 10 p. m.
"M5 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
3096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until S p. m.
r? fl <» Fi'.irr.ore street; open until 9 p. m. "
aiEETiiro »otice3.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 1(^0. F. and A. «
M.— Third l*>gree THIS (WEDSES-VV
I>AY» EVENING at 7:30 o'clock f^\
H. J. OWEN. Secretary.
OI 'IX Lodge No. .-.•33. I. O. O. F — j! .
Initiation TO-NIGHT «::i ->:^SttS&-
Su«ji?i p. Visiting brothers cor- : 55K<89GS9
filally invited. 'SftfirT^''
GEORGE G. MOREN. N. G.
SWAM CHTTRACB. Secretary.
NATIONAL Union. Califor- V^V^SiZ^V.
nia Council, meet: TO- V^sSi^.
KIGHT at Pioneer Hall. - ""~"*3q
Fourth St.. at b o'clock.
Visiting friends cordially Invited: initiation.
By order C. BEXDEI* President.
C. II. VAN OBDEN. Secretary.
KNIGHTS of the Red Branch — You A
are requested to attend a very tf^
important meeting this <wei>- \?kA
NTESDXY) i:\ KXING. December
21. PRESIDENT.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
the Nevada NatlcnaJ Bank of San Fran-
r'.rcc. Cal., will be held at Its banking-
house. :u.J_ Monte-ornery tt. San Francisco.
C*l., on TUESDAY. January 10. l?05.
at 3:15 p. m.. for the election of directors to
ffrxe during the ensuing year, and for ths
•: jr.M' i !■■:•: cf such other business as may
ccme fcefort the meeting.
GEO. GRANT. Secretary.
Vrcfir-.b-r 10. 1904.
DETECTIVES.
J-'ETiXTIVE — ilxpfrienced female defective
".ish^s work fr^m :irivate parties: Al ref-
rrf-nrfv: was-onalile rctes. Box 2742. Oall.
_ ATTOIirrETS-AT-|DA^7.
A FRAUDULENT 'llvcrce Ik dear at $12 and
Is no good; for IX! years I've made divorces
a specialty; quick, quiet; no money Bee fled:
rt° pay unleur, divorce is granted; perfectly
reliable: lowest fee»: advjre free: collections
made. O. \V. HOWE. 1122 Market ft.
CONSULTATION frcr. private End confldet-
tial; business lega'iy end promptly tran*-
a-te-d: collections, rm-eheiiics' liens, probate,
tenant* e>ecte<5: legal papers 4rav.-n; loan*
en real estate; t<af»\ snuni tnvestmentn; high
rates interest. W. MATTHEWS, C32 Market.
R. W. KING. Attrrr.ey-at-law. Exam. bldg..
Oth floor: entrance room 611: established 26
pears; all courts, general court and office
practice; no fees in advance or for consulta-
tion; evening by appointment. Tel: Red 3001,
AA — Divorce; costs ?12; <iuick.quiet:a-Jvice free;
«11 law toisrinefs; no charge unless success-
ful; open evenings. 927 Market st. t room 301.
AI>VICE free: divorce costs 512; no fees cr
costs in advance; all law business; office
open Saturday cvrnings. fclO Market st.. r. S3.
JOHN GUIDERY. Ettomey-at-law. rooms 8
and 4. 240 Montgomery et. ; phone Red 0C17.
L. P. CLARK. fC7 Market, room 304; consulta-
tion froe; no fees In advance; open evenings.
ASTHMA CTTBE.
DI NOLA'S Asthma Remedy relieves instantly;
. 10c. 2.V. .ICc. ir/12 Market. St. Nicholas.
aiso Wishart. 10th and Washington. Oakland
AT7TO3C:OBZX.ES.
TACKARD Eu*omcblle for sale: flrs'-c'.ara run.
nine order; will tell for $1SCO. Be* 1037.
Cail office.
noa.asnf& pob chtldees.
WANTED — Infants to tck« care of; good care
MRS. H'EBER. 2S2 Turk st.
SUSnTESS CEAJTCS3.
A— CAMERON & CO Phone South 1050.
o Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
For sale — Well-furnished and equipped country
hot*!; 50 rooms; rent only $l£0; 10-year
lease; newly painted and renovated through-
out; about «0 milts from S. F.; fine, grow-
ing town; iirtserit owner made fortune and
wants to retire. CAMERON & Co.. 3 Eddy.
First. -claes saloon downtown: 2 blocks from
Market «t. ; rent $75; well fitted up; receipt*
US to $25 per day; must be sold on account
ct other business; price $16yO. CAMERON
& CO.
First-class ehcrt-order restaurant, downtown;
fitting* new and up-to-date; receipts $75 to
$S9 r»tr dcy; fine opportunity to get Al prop-
osition rectcnable; bsst of reason for selling.
CVMKIION & CO.
For sale — First-claM bazaar and cigar busl-
r.«5; Al location, long lea.»e. cheap rert:
fixtures u:id Mere up-to-date; established 17
jVAr»; fine new stock of goods; has never
■ changed hands; cow clearing t'-'-M and over
per nicrjth; best reason for tilling; an op-
portunity of a lifetime. See CAMERON &
Harness nadillcry .-hup, well located; rpnt
112; v.-oii stocked; fine wax machine; all
bench tcci*: t-verytfcin/: £oes; price $1000;
more than value la i-ight: retiring from busi-
ness. CAMERON & CO.
H?re is nn opportunity of getting one of the
best rroc-rie? aud bars in city; fine transfer
corner; downtown nnd dclng b'g .busines;
«;i?ip rent: 5 years' lease; receipts average
MSCd to $1:000 per incnth ; never changed
Lands; best cf i-eti-u:: for telling. CAMERON
ii CO.
Exchanges ma<Je in all kinds cf real estate.
r-j.itnlTiK-houf*' unl business chencea. CAME-
KON £■ CO.. S IZCAy Kl./
Vcr »elo— Sevir.l good liu^Dew prepositions for
Invcrt'iir. tucS as rjgar stcres, rroceries and
i««rs. bakeries, fum'.ching goods, merchan-
dise, country hotc!*. reKtaurants end many
other prorxwitioni- too numerous to mention;
wmild be plenum to have you rail and Inspect
<*V list. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy St.
Fcr *al» — First-claw downtown oljrar store;
fining rcod twrlnrtw."; but .lisarattrifnt of
partners cause of Bale. CAIISKC& & CO.
ST1SINES3 CH&2TCES — Continued. 1
A — S4f<0: BAKERY and confectionery, t-stnb- j
lij-htd many years, baking 7 barrel* i>er »Iay; I
ti horses, wagons and buggy; one of the best j
r.i this city, liee R. G. WILKB. 20% Kearny. j
A— $:;50; well established real estate office In
Napa t.Vi. ; office dolns a good business; has
valuable contracts; clearing about ?150; par-
ticular?. R. G. WILKE, 2Cij Kearny st.
A— $700; HALF Interest in manufacturing bust- j
nvss; established 16 years; partner can clear |
S1T.K ca?y i>rr month; rare chance. R. <-!. I
WILKE. 26\j Kvarny St.
JL — SJ. r >00; tea and coffee store, crockery, etc. ;i
t-Rtab. years; stock iny6ice to about $2500;
owner «n <«.;••• J iu business In Arizona; must
sacrifice. Particulars R. G. W1LKK, 26}|
Kearny 6t. •
A— ?3'J0; HARDWARE, locksmith and electri-
cal re-pair shop; established 20 years; best
location. Particulars U. G. WILKE, 2O'.i
Kearny.
A— $500; HARDWARE, locksmith and electri-
cal impair shop; established 25 ytars; best
location. Particulars it. G. WILKE, 2<i»-i
Ktarny.
A — $lS00; SALOON on water front, cloee to
Market St.; net rent $120; place established
mtr.y years and known as a good paying
business. See R. G. WILKE. 2C% Ktarny.
A— fOOO; BAKERY with delicatessen store, ice-
creen) parlor; in very best location; will b_-
sacrlflced: owner must leave at once for New
York; rent fM. Call U. G. WILKE. ZUii
Kearny it.
A— $3500; LIQUOR store, with 5 years' lease;
$2000 stock guaranteed; 1 block north of
Market; a very rare chance. Call on K. G.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny st. • '
A — $lS00; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon;
dally receipts $50; rent $80; lease; place lo-
cated close to Market and a good business.
Call on R. .G. WILKE. 2<S^ Kearny st.
A— $3500; SALOON; the best* on the water
front; rent $74; place known for the last 30
years as a first-class paying business. For
particulars call on R. G. WILKE, 20 Vi I
Kearry et. J
A— $1200; OLD-ESTAB. dyeing and cleaning
works; 3 horses; 4 wagons; net rent $20;
place estab. for many years and has a large
patronage; a good paying business. Call on
R. G. WILKE. 2«5^ Kearny st.
A— $1000; HOTEL; a first-class 'paying bar; 14
rooms, dining-room and kitchen, with 5-year
lease: close to car house and other factories.
See R. G. WILKE. 20H Kearny st.
A— $1SOO; RESTAURANT for sale, in the best
mining town in the State of Nevada; daily
receipts, $150; opposite the round house; no
better paying proposition in Nevada. Partic-
ulars R. G. WILKE. 2ti% Kearny st.
$C00— WILL take partner in' a good paying,
nicely furnished coffee parlor and restau-
rant; lease; or owner will sell for $1100;
part on time. See R. G. WILKE, 2«v£
Kearny st. /
A— $7000; BAKERY, one ot the best in city;
monthly sales (6000; splendid chance for two
partners; not all cash necessary. Particulars
«iTe R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $2500; HOTEL in Sonoma Co.; 20 furn.
rooms: dining and bar room, bus, 2 horses,
cow. etc., and 7 acres of land; 5 years' lease;
rent $50. or owner will sell whole property
tcr $12,000. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26H
Kearny st.
A— $1750; CORNER grocery and bar, with 5
living rooms, on Sacramento St.; 4% years'
lease; rent $45; the very best location. See
R. G. WILKE. 2CV4 Kearny st.
$550— RESTAURANT; very best location; rent
$C0; close to Kearny and Bush; good-paying
investment; investigate. Call on R. G.
WILKE. 20^ Kearny st.
A— $2000; CORNER grocery and bar on Va-
lencia St.; lease; old established and good
paying business: Investigate; a rare chance.
See R. G. WILKE, 26^ K-arny st.
A— $23. r )0; COAL. wood, hay and grain busi-
ness; 3 horses, 3 wagons; net rent $34;
pla-jc established years; very best loca-
tion; a good cash business. See R. G.
WILKE, 2C J ,4 Kearny st.
A— $S0«; CORNER saloon In wholesale dis-
trict; no night or Sunday work; saloon es-
tab. 20 years and known as a good busi-
ness. S<-e K. G. WILKE. 2C>£ Kearny st.
A — $2450: CORNER grocery and bar; 5 years*
lease; rent 540; store doing large cash busi-
ness: lcx-atton can't be beat; value in sight.
S<- R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— $2CC0: COFFEE saloon and restaurant; one
block fr-.m Examiner building; place estab-
lished years; doing a first-class business;
about J7O per day. Particulars see R. G.
WILKE. 2CH Kearny St.
A— $"5C0: CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
St.; rent $C0; living rooms; stock will ln-
toice about ?2S00; a well established and
lirst-rlass paying business. See R. G.
WILKE. 2C':. Kearny st.
A — $230; DAIRY, produce and delicatessen
store; 5 rooms; rent $25; best location Va-
ltncla st. Call R. O. WILKE. 2CH Kearny.
A— -'EUREKA REALTY CO."
BUS**ESS CHANCES.
ROOMING HOUSES.
ALL KINDS OF EXCHANGES.
111S MARKET ST.
ABSOLUTELY best paying and swellest quick
lunch nlaee In city; positively clears $200:
trial given: low rent: lone lease; must sell
at ence. EUREKA REALTY CO.. 1118 Mrkt.
FAMILY grocery and liquors; 3 nice living
rooms; rent $20: doing excellent business;
snap at $000. EUREKA REALTY CO.
$400— PARTNER wanted; established genteel
lr.docr business; duties light; short hours;
will pay flW month to each: no experience
required. MARIN INVESTMENT CO., 235
Kearny st.
$250 — Partner wanted, cigar store and billiards.
Marin Investment Co., 235 Kearny st.
TO lease for a term of years — One of the best
places In ths to>vn ef San Mateo; large
house, barn, cnicktn-hous*. etc.; on the elec-
tric line; 5 minutes' walk from depot; suit-
able for private hctel and restaurant; very
large grounds, fine shade trees, beautiful
flowsrs; a fine opportunity for the right
party. Inquire after 5 p. m. from owner, 8tJ
' Fair Oaks st.. San Francisco.
FIRST-CLASS? restaurant, cafe and bakery
second to none In this city, as a good In-
vestment; principals, and only those having
?20.0<)0 ready cash to Invest and meaning
strictly business, will be considered. Ap-
ply personally to ALBERT NELSON, 20«a
Kearny St., office, rooms 32-33. third floor.
FOR sale.yor will exchange for real estate at
invoice Vrice. a money-making business,
shelving, counter*.! showcases, contents jew-
elry, notions, hardware, etc.; low rent; owner
must leave Oakland at once. P. O. box 1C2,
Oakland, Cal.
STEADY man wanted es partner: plain, light
work; small capital required; sure profit of
$75 to each per month; owner Is a practical
workincinan. COMMERCIAL INVESTMENT
CO., C"52 Market st.
WANTED— Partner In established packing
business handling pickles and grocers' sun-
dries; additional capital will be utilized to
increase business. For particulars address
<:hcrles.F. O'Callaghan, atty.. 30 Nevada blk
LADY wants steady, active young man part-
ner with $350; well established business:
guaranteed to ray him from $5 to $10 day;
ex:>eri«Bce unnecessary. Call room 325,
Phelan building. --, ■» - j
$4C0C— BEER bottling works and draught- beer
agency, complete in every detail; good cstab. I
trade; must see account of Blckntss. Inquire j
AVunder Brewing Co. j
MAN that ha* $500 to Join me In making $600
monthly steadily; legitimate; will show you
immediately; nrefer trader, schemer or sales-
man. ■ Apply 70S Market . et.. room 604.
FOR rale— One of the best retail stores tn Palo
Alto; good reasons for selling; "capital re-
quired, about #2000; will bear strict investi-
gation. Address box C7, Palo Alto. Cal.
WE In'^orporate and float stock companies; we
handle unlisted- securities; loans negotiated.
HORATIO GILBEKT & CO.. Ellicott Square.
Buffalo.
WANTED— Partner with $5000; .14 years In
l)u*'n-ss; can double your money in one year
nnd can show you that it can. be dene be-
fore going In. Box 21. South Berkeley.
COMPLETE printing plant; type good: mod-
ern machinery; sacrifice. W. F. CORNELL
& CO.. 51S Sacramento st.
FOR sale — An Interest In paying 10-cent vaude-
iville theater on regular circuit; well located
TCARLSON. 1133 Market st. '
GEARY. 704 — Furnished hotse of 22 rooms;
rent $1CO; Income over rent: $100; bargain.
WELL located delicacy store for sale; reason.
o«™<t leaving city; good business. 505 Larkin.
WELL located d*llcacy. store for sale: rt-ason,
owner leaving city; good buslasss. 505 Larkin.
RESTAURANT for sale; trouble among part-
ners. 181 Sixth st. " «v
FOR sale-grocery and bar, with ■ liquor li-
cense. ■ Inquire at 127 Silver st,
FOR, sale—Good paying restaurant. 2045 Fol-
som et. .
FOU ' sale— A small grocery and • bar. : Inquire I
at 1SUS Fifteenth it. 1
- ■ . ■ > . . ■
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, ...DECEMBER' 21, 1904.
ETJSiafCSS CHANCES— Continued.
F. A. BRCOKBANK,
, . BUSINESS AGENT.
917 Market si., between Fifth ami Sixth.
A CLIENT of mine who conducts a well pay-
ing cirar ftand on Market st. desires good,
honest* man us rartner to assist him in at-
tend : ng str.nd. and to same he can offer fin*
position; no experience necessary; $-'550 cash
required. Particulars of BROOKBANK.,
83.".0 AND services secure an interest in old
■cstab. office and commission business clear-
ing 6200 to $250 mo.; no experience required;
party must be sober, and reliable and furnish
good references, as same will be tendered
him. Particulars with BROOKBANK.
BAKERY — J150: a snap; must sell at once;
good chance for right party. Call 1214 Ninth
ave., Sunset District.
WELL established winery, perfectly equipped,
. In the city; well surrounded. Bex 2G30. Call.
PARTNER, or whole; saloon and 15 fjrni^hed
rooms: good chance; bargain. 212 East st.
FOR sale — Delicatessen store with living
rooms; low rent; price $700. Box 1396. Call.
FOR sale — Saloon and restaurant; cheap. CaK
S.11 Howard st.
FOR sale — Saloon with lease. Apply 200 Ninth
St.. from 10 to 3.
ROUTK 12, San Francisco Call, for sale. Ap-
ply San Francisco Call office.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements ana subscriptions' has
been opened at 1003 Market St., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
,^^9S^^z^SS9Sr^9S^?^Su^
M M
R R
I I
0 O
N N
MARION GRIFFIN,
G Room 4<ki, Examiner bldg. G
R Telephone Black 3C07. R
1 Free List of I
F Hotels and Rooming-houses. F
F We Guarantee Titles. . F
I We have money to lend. - I
N Come and see us. ' N
— I—
—HAVE A—
—HIGH-CLASS PROPOSITION—
— for some enterprising lady or gentleman —
— of education and refinement —
— new and modern house of 6S rooms —
— partially furnished — fine furnishings —
— Think of my rent. 55 per room —
— 5-ye ir lease —
— House should clear $300 monthly —
—Price $3500.
MARION GRIFFIN is my only agent.
— WE —
—ESPECIALLY—
—RECOMMEND TO YOU—
— a 87-room house in a fine location —
— t blocks north of Market st. —
— Swell entranc. —
— Elegantly furnished, right up to the hour —
— Steam heat: hot and cold water —
— Near good restaurants —
— Necessary cash. $1500.
MARION GRIFFIN, the real estate agent —
—NOW— '
— we will show you —
— a reliable little 12-room house near —
— The Emporium —
Price $400; rent $30; cleared $47 monthly
— for last 9 years.
MARION GRIFFIN, room 406, Examiner bldg.
1. . —READ THIS— 1.
2. — STORY OF a partially furnished house — 2
3. —"A CHANCE OF A LIFETIME"— Z.
4. — As told In this ad of IS lines— 4.
5. — We want to sell — . • 6.
«. —An apartment house of 150 rooms — 6
7. — Profit steadily $330 monthly — 7.
8. — It's very expensively furnished— S.
9. — Price $7500. A great bargain — 9.
10. — Long lease. Rent $750. 10
11 J — You enly need $2000 in cash — 11.
12. — We promise to arrange balance — 12
13. —Respectfully, MARION GRIFFIN — 13'
14. —P. S.— 14:
15. — If you do not know — \ IB.
1«». — Our reputation — 16.
17. — We shall gladly give you — 17!
18. — BANK REFERENCES — 18.
ANY reasonable offer. buys a 46-room.-
house nicely located north of Market;
rent $150: clears $175; W>oks open
( J for examination.
MARION GRIFFIN, 40C Examiner building.
—SNAP IT QUICK—
— 16 rooms for $500 — '
— NE. corner flat —
— North of Market — nicely located —
— Don't "think" too long.
MARION GRIFFIN, room 406 Examiner bldg.
Corner 3d and Market!
—SLAUGHTER SALE—
— 21 rooms on Market st. — 1
— Beautifully furnished and fine entrance •
Splendid location. If you have $500 to pay
down make your offer to
MARION GRIFFIN.
ADMINISTRATOR'S sale. He saya:
'"Get me an offer on that house. It must
bt sold. There are 30 rooms, 27 of them
have bay-windows. The furniture Is fine
Profit S200 monthly." .
— — Lone lease
MARION GRIFFIN, office at Examiner bldg
— Corner 3d and Market.
PRIVATE
—SANATORIUM—
— Ye» a new corner house —
— Centrally located—
— Quite beautifully furnished —
— Now full of permanent roomers
— But well adapted —
—for purposes of a sanatorium
— Call before Christmas
MARION GRIFFIN, room 400, Examiner bldg.'
— Cor. 3d and Market!
— Near Ellis and Larlcln —
— Rent only $70 for 22 rooms —
—Same owner for 15 years; price $1100—
— Durinr that
— time it lias
— always cleared
— $70 montnly.
MARION GRIFFIN, the real estate agent,
— 3d and Market!
11. C. DECKER V. 000 MARKET ST.
H. C. DECKER ...PHONE JOHN 531.
SQUARE DEALING — CLEAR TITLES.
OFFICE OPEN 8 A. M. TO 0 P. M.
Over 28 years selling houses In this city.
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE*.
See the Following Bargains:
20 r. ; elegantly furnished; transient. .. .$1500
24 r. ; Market St.; good Investment 1C50
10 r. ; on one floor; transient; rent $S0.. COO
Sr.; Mission Bt. ; gocd buy 400
120 r. ; modern hotel; first-class location. 12,000
10 r. ; house; new furnitui'e COO
l!)0 r.; clears $750; only $3000 cash needed.
ISO r.; apartnvent; cleara $400 month 7500
150 r.; new apartment-house; offer wanted.
19 r. ; rent $75; only $250 cash 750
24 r. ; all light and sunny; rent $60 1400
20 r. ; Market st. ; snap 2500
' 25 r. ; up-to-date hctel; swell location.. 3200
20 r. ; genuine bargain; Turk st 1000
0 r.; McAllister st. ; modern flat 350
27 r. ; clears $150; downtown 2250
40-r. house; only 2400
10-r. house; new furniture.'. (SCO
' 27-r. house on Post st 2000
25 r. ; rent $00 ; choice location 1GC0
' J5 r. ; near Stockton, and Sutter sts.... 1200
S r. ; sunny corner; north of Market st. 400
100 r. ; always rented ; clears $400 8500
103 r. ; apartment: clears $400 a month.. S00O
12 r.; Turk and Taylor sts.; transient.. 750
20 r. ; transient; close to theaters 1C0O
19 r.; rent $75; only" $250 cash. 750
10 r. ; Ellis; elegant furniture & carpets. COO
14 r.; new furniture & carpets; bargain. 850
15 r. ; Larkin st. ;• sunny corner. 850
.17 r.; Ellis st; nice location; elegant.. 4000
11 r.; O'Farrcll st.; close in 550
7- r. fiat: Ellis St.; only 250
Please call at my office for prices and loca-
tions of these and many othentcholce houses;
all bargains; also. bargains in real estate, busi-
ness places, exchanges, etc. '
H.- C. DECKER, 900 Market St.. cor. Stockton.
MITCHELL & CO.,
1206 MARKET ST. PHONE JESSIE 2981.
Rooming and apartment-houses, hotels, flats.
Sold to suit purchasers. Titles iruaranteed. -
AUTOMIBILE - AT YOUR SERVICE.
LODGING-HOUSE rear Geary and Jones fts.
Very central; will sell reasonable. Box 1490.
Call office.
72 ROOMS. Mission St.; rent $45:. clears S50:
price ?450. EUREKA REALTY, CO.
12 ROOMS, ell full. In good location, for sale;
cheap.- ISV/i Harrison st.
31-ROOM house in - manufacturing district-
price $900. Box 1507. Call office.
UPPER flat, finished attic- modern: 10 rooms;
rent $60. Corner Laguna and O'Farrell sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
rpened at IOCS. Market et.; opposite Fifth.
Ocen until 11 p. m.
J^ODOIWif^EOUSES^PfJB^SAXE— fJon^
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050
tt . 3 Kdd - V Bt ., cor.. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses. Hotels and
All Kinds of. Business Chances.
,°. ne 1 of the most complete and elegantly fur- |
nistif-d 60-room straight rooming-house; 15 1
n-iir.utes walk from Kearny st.: nothing finer
"'..V^iy combined with elegant new modern
building'; cheap rent; every room occupied with
the best class of people; clvmng $300 per
month and sickness is only cause of sale; ex-
clusively with us.
Here Is 14 rooms; Van Ness: furnished In
oak and mahogany; good carpets; all 'full:
clearing nice Uttle salary even' month; It Is
yours at $600.-
!*ojX rst ' claK8 Investment where you can earn
**40O per year on expenditure of $4500 In 4f»-
room house: rent only $125 per month; choice
location on Sutter st. ; always full; best of oak
furniture; good carpets; sickness only reason
fcr selling.'
/"Another one;' a beautifully furnished 0-rCom
n^tA^? fltted u U P « months aga and cost 1
considerable over $900; think of the rent, only
$-3 per month; choice location; big snap; $400.
„ w * hav « 13 beautifully furnished rooms in
nne Diock on Post st. ; full nicest kind of room-
eis, new and modern throughout: brings In
nice Income; furniture in oak, .birdseye maple:
) 1 w ar^ d A *min3ter carpets; cost $1SOO to
rurr.Ish six months ago; obliged to leave city;
big bargain; $1200.
12 rooms; fine block on Sutter: rent only $55;
water free; oak furniture, moquet and Brus-
sels carpets; nice little, home; $700.
,nJ 0U canit b «°t this beautifully furnished,
100- room, downtown house; carpets, furniture
and draperies of the very best; electric lights,
steam heat; in fact, everything modern and
lif- it *' l0nS lease ! cheap rent; owner leav-
Blg snap; 31-room apartment-house; rent
only $4 per room; well furnished and clearing
$90 per month; will only take $550 cash, bal-
ance time; price $950.
This speaks for Itself; 15 rooms, furnished in
oak; new carpets, and full to the roof with
good people, which brings In profit of $75 per
month; sickness compels sale.
Grand, new, modern apartment- house; beau-
tiful building; elegantly furnished; good long
lease with cheap rent; only 15 minutes' walk
from Kearny st. ; has 180 rooms and pays $500
to $MK) per «nonth; always full; best class of
people; a bargain can be had if taken at once.
Golden opportunity to get nice - 7-room flat;
rent only $40; water, garbarge and janitor
service free; mahogany and oak furniture; car-
pets body Brussels, new 1 year; cost $800;
now $450; obliged to leave city.
Here is 16 good rooms, close In, with 3 rooms
not furnished, but are all full and pays $50
per month above all expenses; owner taking
larger house; price $1050.
Swell family hotel on Sutter st.: beautifully
furnished; always full; there are 80 rooms, rent
only $425; obliged to leave city; will be sold at
half cost to furnish.
14 sunny rooms, cloce In; rent only $60 per
month; some new carpets; everything nice and
clean and pays well; price $900; $400 down,
balance time; a fine chance.
Nice little house of 16 rooms, with good fur-
niture and carpets; rent only $05; must dlspoee
next ten days; make offer.
First-class family hotel on Nob Hill; 80
beautifully furnished rooms; all full and doing
a good business, but must leave city; only
with os.
We have a number of special bargains In
flats of 6 to 10 rooms, new and modern; can
be had for less than half cost to furnish; must
be sold, either account of sickness or de-
parture. . r
Have large list of real estate, hotels, room-
ing-houses and business chances for exchange
or tiade alawys on hand.' .-
A. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
,_■ CLAIRVOYANTS. »
A— EXTRAORDINARY OPPORTUNITY
To -Consult
' -RICHARD MAYO
At Reduced Charzes.
Complete clairvoyant readings 50c this week.
No charge unless, satisfactory.
... w , You can be the Judge.
At a glance, before you have a chance to
utter one word, he will tell you what you
came for and what you want to know. Hs
will tell you your name, your age, occupa-
tion. His descriptions of your friends and
enemies are as real as though they stood
. before you.
LOVE. COURTSHIP AND MARRIAGE
Gives truthful revelation of all love affairs
troubles, marriages, restores lost affections'
reunites the separated, settles lovers' quarrels'
TELLS YOU WHEN AND
WHOM YOU WILL MARRY.
And how to WIN the man or woman you
love, and how to make your husband or wife
be true to you, and how to overcome all
your enemies and how to make a person at
a distance think of you, and how to DE-
VELOP PERSONAL MAGNETISM. THE
KEY TO ALL SUCCESS.
Permanently located. Thoroughly reliable
Ellis St.— 421A— Ellis st.
Hours— 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. Private flat.
LIVINGSTONE,
THE OCCULT WONDER.
FOR A RELIABLE. INTELLIGENT CLAIR-
VOYANT READING. CONSULT
LIVINGSTONE.
FIVE RECEPTION TARLORS. LADY AT-
TENDANT. 2016 KEARNY ST.
ATTENTION ~~V
J\RS. DR. CLARK. '
The well-known medium nn<J clairvoyant,
may be consulted on all afTalrs; every hidden
mystery revealed; she will show ycu how to
overcome your enemies and unite the sena-
rated: tell your entire life, past, present and
future: satisfaction by mall; send stamp for
circular and special terms. 343 Geary st.~
MME. LYNN, ?:S0 Powell St.. parlors 1 and~2^
The natural born occult, medium, psychic
and clairvoyant of the Orient: her famous
$2 readings this week for 50c; gives business
and personal readings dally and guarantees
satisfaction. 1
MME. M. BERNARD, ths famous clairvoyant
and business medium'. readD your life cor-
rectly, gives accurate description of ths past
present and future; greatest livirg adviser on
all affairs In life: never failed to plve satis-
faction; 25c up. 17 Third st.. next Examiner.
'MISS M. WILLE, 310 Ellis st.. clairvoyant
crystal seer and life reader, tells you exactly
what you called for 'Without asking a ques-
tion: names given: ?l:.hour*. 10 to 8.
ISMAR, Egyptian seerees. The Vendome. 1104
Market st., San Francisco.' Office hours— 10
a. m. to 5 p. m. ; Sundays. 10 to 12: Wednes-
day evening. C to S. Phnn» South 1141.
MME. PORTER, clairvoyant, mfriluni; born
with double veil and second f«!s;ht: t "Us pnst.
present, future; 1. 50c: K . by cnnls $1; palm-
, 1?try fnlj li f <* rea.1. SI. X(K .Ton«"<. nr. K.1<!»-.
MME. KliOXENHKRG, pafmlst. clairvoyant,
card reader: when others -fail try me: r-ad-
!ng» 25;. 324 O'FirrelK^t. : tel. Red fi.T:7.
MISS ZEMDAR, young gifted, clalr. and palm.;
revpwls lovs. marriage bur.ln<s-<. ftc: L. 50c;
G. $1: hours 10 to 0: nampw. 71 i Franklin st.
A— MME. REKA. palmist and clairvoyant, will
■ give readings froe this, week. S2f> Eddv rt.
MRS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader, has
returned; sittings dally. 1CS nth St.. rooms 1-2.
I MRS. BAUMAnTT »V wsll-hnown fortune- '
teller. Is now at 3I7kKHI»« ft.-
I A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. 1200 Market, r. 14. Gait . House.
I C. MAYO STEERS, trance m-dium. 305 Lar-
kin. room 49; readings I to 5: tel. South .Us>.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted *lat?-Tvrlter and
«Malrvny«int. 1112 K<My St. Phnrt- F<v>tt SS7.
ACTDXXg AKIN O.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process usert
fcr cleaning carpets on floor without removal;
carpets and ruts also cleaned l>y compressed
air at shop; prices moderate. S. F._ Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Co.. 303 Market St.;
phones Main 1.VJ and Bush 470. '
WHEN you btcome disgusted with' your work
tend for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
Ing works.. 355-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1S0O Har-
risen :st.:Al cleaning. 3c. FRED HAGE-
DORN & CO.: phone Mission 225.
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth St.— Ftrst-ciasj
carpet cleaning. 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.:
tel. Main,. -iR4. GEO. WALCOM & CO.; Props.
RUDOLPH fc CO.. carpet-beating works; prlcTa
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.: tel. Mission 2C3.
CREDIT CI.0THIEB3.
C. y. ADAMS CO.. 318 Mason St.— Clothing
for everybody from hat to »ho?s; you can get
what you want from us and have It charged.
CI.OTHIITO BE2TOVATIKO.
SUITS' cleaned '.and pressed. $1;' scouring and ,
"dyeing. Bon Marches Examiner bldg., r. 410;
thene Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free. ,
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city cr countrv. Pacific Collection Co., 413
Montgomery *t.. rooms 0-10. Tel. Main 35SO.
DEITTI3T3.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns. $3 5u; nlllncs.SOc:
I'lates, $5; lull set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicags-Cfntal Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market. nr.Eleventh
— No charge lor extracting when plates are
made; eld plates made over like new; teeth
from $S r*r set; extracting. 5Oc; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns. $2 up;fillint;s.25c.
GOLD fillings, 75c; silver. 35c: crowns'. $2; no
pain;open Sundays. Dr. A. C.Hewitt, 2<>4 Sutler. '
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentlst.r.l4.lst
floor. Phelan b!d..S06 Market, ccr. OFarrell.
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from C-eary st.'
to corner Suttc- st. and Grant ave. _'
DEESSMAKEHS AND SSAlWSTKSSSIJS.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1G19 Mkt.
Acccrdlon, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew-
art's button and buttonhole factory. Ua'faylr.
EDUCATIONAL.
A — THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
leges; rels. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor; -day, evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
E. R, AYRES, foun'der of A yrts -Business Col-'
lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing; $5 month; life scholarship
$50; positions secured; day, eve. 723 Market.
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
institution devoted exclusively to dramatic
learning In America; popltlons guaranteed. '
. Send for catalogue. Native Sons' building.
HEALD'S School of Mines and Engineering, 24
Post st.,'S. F. ; civil, mining, electrical, steam
■and ga» engineering.' Send for prospectus.
A SUCCESSFUL college; new, large rooms;
perfect light: all graduates are getting posi-
tions. S. F. Business College. 738 Mission st.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. min.. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1804. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE*^ Post st.
Established 1803; largest in the West; an-
nual enrollment 1C00; send for circulars.
ALL Eng. and com. branches, $5 mo.: 47 les-
sons Benn Pitman shorthand hold any posi-
tion; Indiv. Instruc. West. Bus. Col.. 1281 Mkt.
CLASSES in shtort otory writing and journalism
meet on Mon., Wed. and Thurs.. 2 p. m., 333
Phelan bldg.; terms very reaeonable.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col., 602 Van Ness
ave. r positions secured. R. H. Webster. Pres-.
A— GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEGE, 13S2 Market »t. Send for catalogue.
G. MANSFIELD, teacher of violin, guitar,
mandolin, banjo. 522 Eddy st.
BOOKKEEPING— Save time, gain knowledge.
with TARR. expert. 217 Parrott building.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano, $3 per month;
vocal lessons $1. S28 Halght st.
CHICAGO Business College. 1584 Market— Posi-
tions, shorthand, typing, bookkeeping: JS mo.
ADULT and juvenile classes now open. Hln-
rnan's School of Dancing, 1412 Polk, nr. Cal.
SHORTHAND taught thor'ly by mall and per-
sonally. Miss M. G. Barrett, 302 Montgom'y.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION -Day and
PARTINGTON' S. 424 Pine St.— Night class.
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pagfes, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
ECZEMA CURE.
$100 FREE for any case of eczema, salt rheum
or barber itch that I can't cure: a trial treat-
ment free. DR. BROWN. 54 Sixth st.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment office
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
S. IMURA. 839 Sacramento. Tel. James 5231.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Offlce^ — Japaneae-
Chlnese help. 420 Powell st. : tel. Main 6752.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51SS.
CHINESE and Japanese help: estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1007. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 .Clay .
SOTLOY^aT WA^ED— rSI^E.
FIRST-CLASS American woman, out of means,
wants to go in good steady home; wash
dishes or other light work; is a good plain
cook; carfare, $2 50 week. Address 106%
Third Et., room 25, first flight.
DRESSMAKER, ladles' tailor, on suits and
coats; only first-class work done; at home
cr engagements per day; good cutter and
fitter; all work guaranteed. MISS BARSS,
Sherman House, £S Eighth st.
EDUCATED English lady wishes engage-
ment as experienced nurse to invalid; high
references In city and Los Angeles;- would
assist In needlework or house duties. Box
2165, Call office.
A— BOOKKEEPER cashier, young lady; ex-
pert accountant; quick, accurate; all modern
systems: highest references; last position 5
years. Box 2062, Call office.
COMPETENT dressmaker, stranger, willing to
work, for room and board for herself and
husband; best references; best work. Box
2018, Call office.
COMPETENT girl wishes housework and cook-
Ing. Phone Mint 1442. after 9 a. m., 13S
McAllister st. .
EXPERT dressmaker, best fit and style guar-
. antecd, will work for $2 i>er day; good on
children's clothes. Box 2CJ7,- Call.
A GERMAN woman, good worker, wants wash-
ing, irciilng or housecleaning; $1 50 per day.
No. 2 Hayward St., off Harrison, below 8th.
A COMPETENT laundress and house-cleaner
J wants work at $1 per day; references. Box
Call. I .
AN Eastern dressmaker would like a few more
engagements by the day; guarantees >work;
references Phone Black 1393.
EXPERIENCED Infants' nurse wishes a po-
sition; city references.. Bex 2051, Call.
BY young lady of refinement and ability, posl-
tli'n as traveling companion ami secretary to
invalid, cr as traveling ?alv3woman. Box
aaO". Call. ■ ■
EXPERIENCED nurse In confinement woulJ
like engagements; thoroughly competent 10
tnW<» full charge of patient and child. MRS.
BULL, 318 Fell St.
PROFESSIONAL nurpe wl'lici work by th-j
day cr part of day; specialist In diet; wat;r
treatment; mafsage; terms reasonable. Ad-
dress 1422 Ccary st.: tel. Pine 325'J.
COMPETENT nurse wishes engagements, con-
finement, invalid?; cheerful, pninstakin?.
reliable; rslerenc»3: moderate terms. MKS.
KING. 1150 Turk st.
EXPERIENCED Parisian dressmaker wcflld
like a few more day engagement*: perfect
work ruaranteeJ: $2 50 per day.- Bex 251J.
Call ofSce.
; WANTED — By a ccmuetent woman, work rt
any kind by th-j clay. MRS. C. M. H.. 4C5
Harrison st.
ARTISTIC dressmaker would like engagements
by the Uny; $1 f.O; dres-s«?« altered ; perfect fli I
Kiiaian'.ud. Bex 2C04. Call* office.
COMPETENT German women wishes work by
the day. washing. Ironing and cleaning $1 si.
day. Box 2577, Call.
A COMPETENT woman would like general
housework, cleaning or washing by the day.
Address box 275 1. Call office^
WOMAN wants work by the day, -washing or
hoUijeclennliiK; SI 50 and carfare. MRS.
OSGOOD. 115 Hayes st.
KESPKCTABLE; niiddie-ugrd lady. OesJ-ir."
vjuiet home. . would like housekeeping. MI»S*
W. E. H. 7:i0 Fifth st.. Santa Kosa.
RESPECTABLE ycuns lady wltl~.%y7ar^oiu
uoy would like position as . housekeeper. K
P. W., 2512 Railroad ave., Alameda,
WANTED— By middle-aged Protestant woman,
situation: private family: good home more
than high wages. ■ .. Address box 2U98. Call.
WANTED— By colored woman, situation us
recond girl or general housework. , 222 East
Fifteenth ft.. East Oakland.
FINNISH girl wishes place to do housework.
-. 23 Vi Perry st.
WOMAN -n-lfh's hourf?work by th« day or nura-
'• ' IneT . 725 lintnnan st., bet. dth and 7th..
MIDDLE-AGED woman; rook -and light house-
work. Apply C29 Clay et.. after 11 a. m.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes position aa
housekeeper. Box. -1GS,. Call.
TWO Finnish > girls would : like * a position at
.'; general housework. 322 . Fremont : st.
A GIRL .wishes, place to take, care of children
or assist In light second work. Call 1 . Palk.
GERMAN .girl wants work in kitchen or any
..-: other kind: of work. ,164 Fourth at..'
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
;'; Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church ats.'
ES1FI.OY?5E1TT WANTED — V&ZtH. C.
AS nTtendant and companion to invalid,
chronic or mental patient by competent an.l
reliable men under middle age. of education
and thoroueh training and experience as
nurse ; and masseur: references; terms mcu-
erate. Box 204*. Call office^ p
/* -^—"—^^ *
A FELLOWCRAFT. 30 years, wants work of
any kind except canvassing; has had 6
years' experience as a watchman. »v. E.
D.. 124 Eureka St.. S. F.
YOUNG ir.an with S yearV experience tn New
York City count'.ngr-rooms rte.ilres to obta.n
n situation for a short time or longer, with
expert accountant. J. P. PETERSON, care
Mrs. Alexander, .'C7 Missjonj^
AA— A STEADY, sober, useful man wishes po-
sition; gardener, milk, good horseman and
driver handy with «ools; gcxiU references.
Box 2C2»>. Call office.
I0UNQ German, with experience, desires po*I-
t.on In grocery; 3 years In last place: b^st
of references from the same. C. P.. 201
Montgomery ave.
YOUNG Intelligent man and wife. Scandinav-
ian, want positions; single or together; low
wages. Box 200C, CalL
FIRST-CLASS barber wishes steady Job:
steady employment more of an object than
wages. Box 2005. Call.
WAITER wants place at once; restaurant or
■hotel, bakery or boardins house; town or
country. Box 2060, Call office.
YOUNG man wants Job as Janitor, dishwasher
or some iriside work; steady place preferred.
Box 2041. Call office.
GROCERY clerk, all-round office and counter
hand. » wants work; bond; references. Box
2C07. CalK ______
NON-UNION carpenter wants work- Box 2012,
Call office.
FRENCH cook -with first-class references, has
honorabllny, wants situation in a private
" family or boarding-house; please state
wages. Address G. RESSENCOURT. 611
Stockton st.
WANTED — Private place to do chores; com-
petent to take care of horses; want good
place more than wages. C. T. EHLERS,
322 McAllister st. »
A TRAINED nurse wishes position In hospital,
care of Insane, sick or private; have ha* ex-
perience; excellent references. Address 313
Fifth st.. Oakland.
POSITION wanted by an experienced licensed
marine or stationary gas engineer, ashore or
. afloat; references, etc Address 843 Twen-
ty-ninth St., Oakland, Cal.
PHOTOGRAPHER— Smart young man with
rome knowledge of photography seeks situa-
tion with photographer. Inside or outside;
speaks Italian and French. Box 2001. Call.
RELIABLE,, sobey, steady, trustworthy bar-
tender wants to work In a reliable place;
wages no object; wants steady work. Box
2154. Call office.
YOUNG man. IS. wishes position In of floe;
Christian, honest, willing, quick; can be
useful In any office capacity. Willing, box
2791. Call.
FURNITURE and hardware packer, under-
stands shipping and handy with tools, wants
a steady position: wages $2 75 per day.
Box 2174, Call office.
WANTED — A situation by a good sober engi-
neer familiar with Corliss and other makes of
engines, air 'compressors, dynamos and mo-
tors; good references. Box 2367, Call office.
EDUCATED boy. aged 19. and willing to work,
wishes position evenings In some store dur-
ing the holiday season. Address box 2909,
Call office. •
BRIGHT young man wishes position as stock
clerk In wholesale house; best of refs. Box
21C0. Call.
YOUNG man wants place to attend to old
gentleman, lady or invalid and do other work
in private house. Box 2208, Call office.
MECHANICAL engineer; competent to tafc*
.charge; years o* experience; 40 years of age
Box 2021. Call office. -
WANTED — A position by man to set up and
connect stoves by day or Job; city reference.
Dox 2210. Call office.
YOU^TG. intelligent man and wife. Scandinav-
ian." want -positions: single *or together; low
wages. Box 2006. Call office.
YOUNG man. 17 years old, wishes clerical
position: can coerate typewriter: am now
learning shorthand evenings. Box 21^0. Call.
CAPABLE man wants situation to work in a
wine cellar or liquor store; can tend bar.
Phone Hyde 1611.
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter wishes posi-
tion; graduate commercial school. Box 2273.
Call office.
TEN years" experienced draughtsman and sur-
veyor wishes position for railroad company;
" city or country. 702 McAllister st.
A LANDSCAPE gardener wants place to v do
planting or out in new lawn; first-class
work. Address GARDENER. 217 Minna st.
GARDENER wants position on private place:
married: no children: best of references: 9
years on last place. Box 2657. Call office.
■WANTED — Situation by a young colored man
as butler or janitor or presser. 1100 Camp-
bell St.. Oakland. Cal.
'FRENCHMAN, first-class barber, not speaking
• English, wants smallplace in city or coun-
try; speaks SpanlsJrrBoTt 2909. Call.
MARRIED man desires position on ranch;
stock preferred. Box 2217, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by young man. age 32.
as janitijr In private family. Box 3998. Call.
PIANO player wants position; ragtime, spe-
cialty. Box 2CO4. Call office.
UPHOLSTERER wishes employment in a
hotel. 1S5S Eighth st.. We»t Oakland.
SALESMAN, cloaks or furniture, wishes a
position. C. L., 21D Leavenworth st. •
SACK sewer and sack tender would like posi-
tion. FRANK VARGAS. 523 Pacific St.
A JAPANESE laundryman with many years'
experience and references wants position In
a family cr hotel; wages reasonable. M. S..
033 Sacramento at.
JAPANESE. firFt-olass waiter, wants a posi-
tion private family: good references. G. H.,
51S Jessie st.. city; tel. South SO.
A JAPANESE man and wife wish positions,
man trf cook and wi'<» wait at table. Call at
4C5 Jess'e st. MIRAKATANI.
JAPANESE boy wants position as 1 helper to
baker; ray. $'-0 month. Address 518 Jessie.
YOUNG Chinese wishes position as cook in
;am!ly. -Call at Sang Wo Sang & Co.'s, 613
Jackson st.
* ri27AZrCZAZk ~™
"""! ' %
THE REALTY SYNDICATE.
Capital i>aid in $4,R0O.00O 00
Surplus 040,901 86
Investmont Certificates
Office — No. 14 Sansome St.,
San Francisco, Cal.
COMPANIES formed: mining or patents: stock
' tfolil: stron? Eastern connections: &dvice free.
Writ* A. F. KARASZTHY. .'22 Crcsaiey bldg.
P&ATS TO X.ET. ; ■
— — —
A — HOUSES and flats to let: an immense list:
service absolutely free: take advantage of
this department: it will save you time and
trouble. Ccrdes Furniture Co.. 245-39 Geary
it., on the square. -
1 COTTAGES, hou«es and flats to let; every de-
siraile vacant place in San Francisco on
our lists: service absolutely free; let us find j
you a place; come in and let us know what
! rent you want to pay and the locality; "we
do the rest." Sterling Furiture Company.
1C39 Market st...opii- McAllister.
NEW swell flats; every possible latest convenl-
| ence; close to main entrance to Park; 5 car
lines; one run* all night; rent $27 50 to
I $32 50. 7th ave., nr. Fulton st. ; open 11 to 4.
NOE. lCr.2, corner Elizabeth — Sunny corner up-
per fiat: new; K room* and bath; modem im-
' provemer.ts; convenient to 24th-Castro cars.
A SUNNY corner 6-room flat; bath: basement;
half block from Market St.: Eighteenth and
Castro et. carsr 3045 Seventeenth »t.
NOE. 1052. corner Elizabeth — Sunny corntr up-
■ per flat; new; 0 rooms and bath; modern Im-
provements: convenient to 2tth-Castro cars.
ELEGANT new UDDer W-room, or lower 3
room flat: rent low. 1244 10th ave. Sunset
district.
SUNNY modern middle flat. 7 rooms and bath.
B40 Fell st.. near Webster.
MISSION. 2721— Upper, sunny, modern flat. «
rooms, bath, ■ basement and yard.
FELL, near Fillmore— 2 new. flats: 7 rooms
and bath each; $40 and $43.
f J^ JP^ATSJTO JC>ET--CaatlaTi5a.
i FLAT — Six ro» rr.;< with hath; modern. 57 Her-
mann s:.. Junction Valencia anrf Market.
MODERN upper flat: r«»w!y tinteit: 5 rofrns
anc? bath: rent ?25. SS 14th. n?ar TrfTisliin.
LARGEST list "f nou«e* and flats tr> let. Ca',1
en LYON & HOAC. 1!6 Montgomery st.
SUNNY fiat o rooms: rent 522 30. 1M7 Pnw-
ell st.
j?Z.ATi! TO X.7IT — FT/XSTCX^ZXns.
A FUNNY. furni.oh^.J 6-room fiat. .ti~fi PIt-
Wnth st.. near Castro, after 5 p. m. ; r»'er-
encei. excnanpre-1.
ELKGANTLY furnished flat. ."> rooms and
h;ith; n^w piano, gas and coal range; rent
$4f>. "fc'.'O Seventeenth st.
FURNISHED Hat five room«.^ bat*:, gas; warm
beit of Mission. " Address box 207S. Call.
rjAT3rOBS4L3-TTJRJISBID.
FOR sale — Fwnlrur** cf 5-room flat: complete
flat to let. SS.'yt 224 St.. near Castro.
?7. T .P— COMPLETELY furn. flat, 4 room* and
bath: rent $15; nr. Panhandle. Box 2CC6. Call.
PINE. 732 — Five tunny r. and b. : well fur. :
rer.t $29; sell nr trade for small business.
A MODERN sunny npper flat of 7 lara:>» rooms,
completely furn 4 months am. 917 Jr>n»».
PTTBNITTJBi: WAXTTEO.
"WE'LL GET YOUR BUSINESS"— We pay
the most money for furniture, carpets, office
fittings, merchandise and houses. MARK J.
LEVY AUCTION CO., 1321 Market «t.. be-
tween flth and 10th. Phone South 179.
__— _— —
Salesroom. 1135 Market st. Tal. JeMle T81.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
niture, etc., unttl you get his estimate.
WIH» pay 20 per cent more for furniture than
dealers or will sell on commission. L. fl.
BURD, auc, 1636 Market; phone Jeaale 2336.
CALL on Alfred Wollpert. 773 Mission St.. b«-
for»> selling your furniture. Phr»ne Red 44B3.
JfUKaiTTTBE POB SAU.
ALMOST given away; storage pianos, furni-
ture, dirt cheap to pay storage. Whltehead'a
Storage; open evenings. 1636 Market st.
BREAKING up: mahogany, birdseye maple and
weathered oak pieces cheap. 1006 Ha!ght st.
HENRY MAYER pays highest prices for fur-
niture, carpets, etc. 782 Mission: tel. Bush 913
€00 IRON institution beds for sale in lots to
suit at a great bargain. Box 2029, Call.
H£LF WA3TTED — riMlLE.
COOK, small hotel, country. $33; cock. Oak-
land, $30; cook. Alameda, $33: parlor maid.
$25; 2 second girls, city. $20-$25; second
girl, country. $23; 2 nurses for a home, $20;
nunegirl, $15; housekeeper, ctty, $20; house-
work for Colusa, $23; housework. Eutson.
$20. see lady to-day, 11 o'clock; kitchen
helper, $13: 2 waitresses, eomrnercjal hotels,
country. $20. $22 50; butler. $40: waitress.
city. $25; wardrobe girl. S25: 20 general
housework girls. $20. $23. $30. Call to-dar.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st.
THE ROMAYN-SHTRK REGISTER. RENT-
ING AND ADV. CO..
612-613 Grant bldfr.. cor. 7th-Mrkt. Bouth 104.
Three salesladies, ladies' furnishing dept.
Three salesladies, general ladles' goods.
Two salesladies In dry goods department.
First girl, German cooking, no washing. $30.
Girl gensral housework and cooking. $23%
Girl, gen. housework, cooking, easy place. $£X
Girl, assist light housework. $15 month.
Eight other girls for housework.
A GIRL for cooking and housework; 2 in faint-
ly: Monterey: $30; see party here.
A cook for 3 in family, city; light place;
IS.
A young, strong woman for cleaning tn as
institution, rlty. $30, board, but no room.
A girl for cooking and housework: 2 tn fam-
ily: city: $30. MISS PLUNKETT. 425 3ut-
ter St., near Powell.
WAITRESS, $10 a week: restaurant: waltresa,
$30 a month: hotel. California, Employment
Agency. 14 Third at.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn halrdressmg.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
In 2 wks; tuition $5 to those entering now; 3
positions to fill Immediately; positions guar-
anteed at $10 wk. up; only recognized school
of Ita kind oa coast; day and eve. cliini.
833 Geary et.. room 13.
WANTED — Girls to learn millinery bow tor
spring season: both seasons taught from start
to finish in one month for $3; position* as
• trimmers, salesladies*, makers, guaranteed at
$10 per week up; 7 positions to be filled by
first of year. Parlors 143 Stockton st.. r. IX
A— PACIFIC College teaches batrdresalag.
manicuring, electric massage, etc. : six hoars*
practice a day: guarantees position*; only
reccrnlzed college of Its kind on coast; day
•tnd evening classes; all parlor work at r»-
duced prices. 133 Powell rt.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS OS OVER-
ALLS. JUMPERS ANT> COATS; NO EX-
PERIENCE NECESSARY; STEADTT7ORKJ
GOOD PAT. LEVI STRAUSS A OX. 32H
FREMONT ST. MR. DAVIS. ,
IN OAKLAND. COR. 10TH AND CLAY 8TSL.
\SEWINO MACHINE OPERATORS ON
OVERALLS: NO EXPERTENCB NECES-
SARY; STEADY WORK; GOOD PAT.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.
LADIES wanted everywhere, copying Icttsn
at home evenings or spare time and return
to us: no mailing or canvassing; $9 weekly
earned; materials free. Enclose self-ad-
dressed envelope for particulars. Guarantee
Co.. No. W 12. Ninth St., Philadelphia, Pa.
WANTED—- First -class penman for copying fig-
ures. Apply ti>-day between the hours of 1
and 2 and submit specimens of work. S. N.
WOOD & CO.. 740 Market St.
PANTS operator wanted by S. N. WOOD A
CO. Apply at factory, 49 Geary «t.
EXPERIENCED salesladies; sf ady positions to
right parties. JOE ROSENBERG. SIS Mar-
ket st.
WANTED — Girl for genera! housework: Swedish
or German preferre-.l; two In family; no wasn-
lng; wages $20. Call 2720 Sacramento st.
WANTED — A middle-area woman for plafa
cooking and housework. • Apply 629 Clay st.
YOUNG girl to assist in care of baby; sleep
home. 2S27 Broderick st.. near Union.
LADIES wanted to learn barber trade; only
eljth* weeks required: wages earned while
learning. MOLER BARBER COLLEGE.
G45> Sacramento »t.
LADIES for steady hem© employment: $S and
$12 weekly. E/nma Spreckels bldg., 827 Mar-
ket st.. room CIS.
WANTED— Chocolate dipper: $10 to $12 per
week. Apply KELLER CANDY CO.. Oak-
land, office 477 Seventh st.
HOUSEKEEPER wanted for lodtfr.g-hcuse;
$1CO cash security. Box 3006. Call office.
TALENTED asr.ateur performers. Apply at
Chutes. 0 p. m. Wednesday: salary no object.
H2TLP YTAinrSP— aiAU.
THE NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD CO.
Two gleve salesmen, good pay.
Watchmaker, city. $100; call to-day.
Driver, wason. city, good pay.
Single-hand miners. Nevada. $00.
Younp man for brewery. $2O.
Asst. ' for photo studio, good chances.
Master n!ech*nic (pipefitter), good pay.
Stenographer anri oftlcs asst.. good pay.
51 Third St., suite 0-10.
AMERICAN COMMERCIALrilUREAU.
Conducted on Strictly Business Principles.
Positions secured for '
Office men. > Ecokkeepers.
Stenographers. ■ Collectors.
Traveling Falermen.' Accountants.
Offlce managers". Railroad clerks.
t Law office clerks. Hotel clerks.
General office men In all lines of business.
2C-J Starr King bljg.. 121 Geary »t
AT IIORD & SMITH'3.
Contractors/ Agents. U5 Third st.
Man for camp corral, bay shore. $33 found.
Choreman. take care :: cows and 1 haraa,
also deliver Bllkj $18 and found, city.
Solicitor, tea *nil coffee, city, gc-od inducs-
nients.
Man for dye house. $15 t» $20. eTp?rlenced.
A GARDENER wilh t.'altf^rria *efer?ncfs for
private place. $40 snd'fonr.d: cock. JIG a
wefk: 4 plain waiters. Nevada, $-'*0; butcher
for sh<y>. $C0. etc. ANDRE'S. 317 Stockton.
BUTLER. $4«> ar.d found: poultryman and wife.
$5<> and four.il- ' man to nlv alfalfa on
shares, and ethers. J. F. CKOSETT b CO..
C2S Sacramento st. . ■
•YOUNG men everywhere copy letters "home
evenings; $i> CO week. Send addressed en-
' velope for particulars. Manager Dept. W 12,
box 1411, Philadelphia, Pa,iVi I IN U civic A- 1 1 \j SMALL AD r A 1 KC J \ S— Hcbb
ggX.? WAgTS:—
■ AY £ REAET.~Ct.CW 'Hay tt. V?
tPhoce SJsin .*>44S.
E niGHT OF MAN TO LIVE: THE
RIGHT OF MAN TO WORK.
■ii'^x Enjoyment asd Labor Agents.
»« gav* la 1303 1S04 we tope to
••.'.aw si-s work, Increas« 60.000
anXTERS.
■; machine miner*, cxxl nln*. ISO.
- ttab»nxj»-r!. mice, ncrth. $30.
TUNNELMEX.
3 xr.txi Tor ?UT.n»i T»<nk. fare 25c $75.
'.MISCELLANEOUS- I
IJ^ckircith. cocstry st;n>. tvrc U. 13 daj".
PORTER.
Porter rcr wholesale hoax*, dty. $40.
Planrsmlxr. country rertaurant. near city.
J3y atid ■ . _.-. j.
1 S aailsaakera. c!ty . Job. S2 50 to $4 day.
MAX AND WIFE-
ilaa and wife, rrtrat- tlac*. »«• boes here,
S4O asd fornd.
<'<*>* and irffe. miE» boardirr-hrwise, *55 fd.
<:'"OK ANI. WIFE.
* Co>clt *r3 ■*«#•*•, «rrt and s—^ind. countrj'
rettsxrart. fM ptA fauna.
'M!1K#r ar-A -If*. Ptrt^t-Jew. Altmeda O-iun-
. ti". :?4m ana fouiJa
KARilS AND DA1R1E?.
l ft 'arRvhands. rar^cb teaxr.rt»rs. 8 railkere.
ehoiwiuea ard chore boyr. city an* countrj*.
KOTHL T>EPAE.TMEXT.
Oooks. wtit-re and kitchen hands, bellboy*
msA elevator beys.
LAUNDRY.
Karker and dUtr!fcut<ir. country laanfiry. W0
T>rer and cJeen*r. country Job.
4 STABLEMEN.
FORHilEX.
QrAIiR"^ FOREMAN.
5125 Month.
. Caarrj" fcre^rari, large eoinpaay. used to atr
drills, fit-na-rtiti'. eteafiy Job. Jl».
BOOKKEEPER. COUNTRY STORn
B-sckkwper. ccrr.try groofry store. 30 to 40
T»«rs; r»<»d re'TPS-t* required; $75.
BOOKKEEPER.
Bookkeeper er-i stfnorrspber, ran-h, soath.
S4<> asd fovnd. ,-.-.•.,
\TTTBRAT ft F.EADT. «34 CM day 1.
APPRXIVED BT GOVERNOR.
F^brcary 14. 1SK)3.
HTTRF. IS THE LAW.
rsad rr.
Hi"a1 Flrrt T;rr.? ."angary IS. W<8.
It Is utlaW-jl ;n the STATE OF CALI-
FORNIA for a=y person, firm, ccrporation
•t afsor'.ation purfuirp. fcr prcflt, to receive
■i:r^rt!y cr Jadlrectly ary money cr other
•»!uab> ccnsid^ratlon from any persca seek-
'nx eiaplornvfr.t f"r th«> REGISTERING OF
HIS er HER NAME. The porttion must b«
j-.ctuaJJy fcrrished— NOT RFXSIgTRATTON.
VtTlRAT * READY. ♦Sl-'iSg Ciay st.
THE eOKATX-SHIBX "REGISTER. RENT-
ING AXD ADV. CO..
«I2-«15 .Grsnt hidg.. 7th-Msrket. South 104.
Elewciayher. coir.prt^nt tak# chant* set of
S<v%W*. ref*r>r.c»g r^juircd. S12S month.
Yr.ursr rr.an. learn carp« falesaian. cn* *xp.
•* "tir>ck c!erk pref'rrfd. JW start.
Thr#- jwlfsm^n. «"xp. b«ivs' clothing, 1*5 np.
Two g^cts' furalshirg tcer.. extra job.
OM man to art »» Santa Claus.
General utility bey. steady job.
S»w:r_r machine arects. $15 week and rcra.
rosmoxs for the vew tear,
Hlrri-KTit<i^ sa:e»ra-fn. offie« and technical
rcen. seeking positions, will find It to their
advantage to investigate our plan. Whether
♦nspleyed cr unemployed, we can Interest
yt<u. Calls ♦•cei'r^d <iaily fer men for <Je-
s'.rabie posidcss In mfrcaatile and technical
»in«*. Our charges are moderate and oar
r»*pcr.?!b;::ty is cp*n to your Investigation.
COMMERCIAL CLEARANCE COMPANY.
«:5-«16 Starr Kirr tide. 121 Geary st.
WASTED — Firrt-clars rx?r.nian for coprlnsT C«>
ur**. Arp'r fcs-Cay bftwetn th* hour* cf 1
and 2 an 1 ! r-Amit Fr^rirneits of work. S. N".
WOOD & CO.. 740 Market st.
W*.XTEr> — Good bushelm^n. Arrly at csce to
S N\ WOOD & CO.. 740 Market rt.
PANTS cr^rator wanted by S. X. WOOD &
fX>. Apr'.y at factorr. «» O*ary rt.
MAN under 35 from San Francisco or vicinity
i? prepare fcr cornier Railway Mall Clerk
•xair.ir.atiTn; rrany good appointment* ; ex-
ceptional opeairg. W. L. COFFEY. Mgr. S.
r". Agency Istereiate Schools. 463 Parrott bg.
for new and second-hand fnrnl-
'-are stcr»: or.» w«?I! posted on goods and
priw": cr.ry exp^ri^nr^d on<»s ne*d apply.
4Tg EJevprth #t.. Oakland.
TOCKG man to assirt In effiee end collect: $50
'in t&t raontfc; $200 security required. Apply
121 Orary st.. rocm 3C2.
for th» ccuntry. Apply REISB
BROS & CO.. 24 Sutter 1.
«AILO51? tot d^ep water *hips at HERMAN'S,
23 ar.d 27 Steuart st.
— Ycnnr man with »nnf cash for le-
gitimate, payinr business. Box 2259, Call.
B^TS mstafl tr> fle'.'.ver Christmas packages.
. Ari!y WT >larket et.
BARBER— Wedr.osday evening. Eatunlay even-
ing and Sunday; (4; no students. 235 Eighth.
THIRST-CLASS man. h^!p horseshoeing and
waron work for blacksmith. 627 Commercial.
BAJtBnnS — $275 »!li clear you $100 per month;
l«ir leaw. S^e TROET. 30« Mascn st.
BARBEB stio? tor saJ<»; account of other bed.
»<•**. 729 Mission st. :«-.r.\ j
BARBER *hop fcr ra>; 3 chairs. Inquire at
Call cff.ee. ;
MEN — Th« only cr;rinal Moler Barber College >.
teacfa«« '-,. - v —r trafie in S weeks; wares
«*j-nrf while learning.
New quarters and new appliances.
Call or write for Ulc«trated catalogue.
Moler Barber Ccllege. 649 Sacramento st.
Lately moved from Clay st.
HLKAFANT faced, fir.e appearing registered
chysician and Rurgecn; mutt be quite gray,
but active; tx»itlv*lr rxo ether; no traveling:
ti.lp.ry $200 or mere when m-elJ started. Call
at 25 Tt'.rd rt.
WANTED — Educated gentleman to visit small
towr»s to write thort articles for Eastern
maratise: $1000 per year; local refs. re-
<;\Ure<l. Box 4000. CalL
WANTED — Men to prepay* fcr railway mail,
internal revenue and cu*tom-house positions;
free catolcgiie. Paci"c Correspondence Insti-
tute. Grant bids., 1GR3 Market; «jpen evg*.
W A NTTTD— -Ls borers and irefhanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. K*?r.c House proprietor, ha*
s'Jde't XOu now rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third St.; 250 room*; 25c to Uk per night.
GET your *!i3«* half-soled while waiting; 25e
to 60c. 571 V :>t i r. st.. bet. l»t and 2d sts.,
or 11 Third «t.. Examiner building.
WANTED— Men to fUl 350 rcoms at 20c per
Sr.irht: <-:cthes c!t»ets. hair mattresses, elec-
tric light in every rrsern. C$1 Howard, nr. 3d.
TKY cur men s shoes, tmlcn made; $1 and $1 50
pair: foot-form shoes, $2 50; we par express
■Y-Tft 11 3d rt.. Exam, bid.; opes till ft p.m.
FOR sale— 3-chair barber shop. Call at S04
Fclsom st.
FINE I-rhair tarber ehpp for sale; rent $12.
Inn o re H. BARXARD. 104 Seventh st.
BARBER chop for sale; 2 chairs; good location
bufir.M* part; $100. Apply Call office.
GJLLETT'S nchool is the place to learn th*
tcrber trade. Cll Commercial *t.
BAJiBHIl tra^e :sught absolutely free.
HAIOIITS. 751 M:s»icn *t. E«e him.
■
fOHOi^BOY to carry raornlng papers; no |
Sgaday wcrk. A;r!y 232S Mission at. <
tl'AXTED — A^erond-hand Ice plant, lmmedl* I
etely. Boyn«83. IOCS Market sr. J
COLEMAN excharjge— Earber rhcpn bought and j
y!4 Room 806. Mutual Bank bid*.
4 r HAITI barber shop for sale, $300 ;"«■»«
roir.g East. 218 Mor.tgosfry ave.
MEN to learn tb» detective business; pall
» hlle learriisg. 857 Market St.. room 104.
UEX. leam th* barber trade; tulticn £n* to
.ueicy cne. 741 Howard at.
BAILORS and revrj: rsen (green band*) for
ships- HALLBERT. 617 Jackscn et.
MEN wasted at LIT 3d rt.. where shoes are re-
l«lr*3 ty machinery; se-red soles 10 mln.. 73c
I OR debts ccllected: salts, attachments.
iw and Adjurtmer.t Co.. Z2S Montgy.. r. 415.
FION stty.. E. A. Bollis. r. 4O. Phrianiblai J
et Cora. Geo. H. Tbcman Post. G. A. B. ,
CHEETEn Hotel, 44 Third et.. near Max- '
t— 700 room*: S5c eight; readlcg rccms:
a 'bm and baggage to ana frora ferry.
KRTT5EMENTS, subscriptions received
!1 brsr.ch office, cor. Duncan and Church.
RANCH office of Tbe Call fcr the recepl
a of a4vert!»ea:ents and subscriptions has
.•a cpened at 1008 Msr£Vt st.. opposite
rth. Open ontll 11 p. m.
size* jam's shoes, allphtly damaged, half
ce. £71 Mlfrien rt.. bet. 1st and 3d sts.
. KOTEIJS. 7
HOTEL BALTIMORE. 101* Van Ness ave.—
; Th;» Crst-cia«« hotel, now beinr eorjdacted on
Anw-rican ;>'»n. ♦^pc.Ially it>r families for the
_"j«srsoa rr y-nr. Iv<cation J* unaurpajraed. The
rj^ir^er.tt! ere all modern, with every con-
v#ni«*r*. The rvonss are Jarre, sunny and
mmiorislAtr: raperb view; furnishing* are all
eWrsnt. <*ul*ine hlRbert order. IL C SHAN.
NOX, ma.TuycfT. formerly of Hotel Langham.
' v e w Ycrk. end Moafia. Hotei, Hcnolu lu. * - ,
HCSEES AlfD WAOOZTS.
FIR2 sa^e— Vehicles of all descriptions slightly
•liw.ee i ty f.re. smoke and water, to tvu sold
at a sacriSce durirs; next 5 days at O'BP.IKN
_& SONS". 500 UoUien Gate ave.
TWO carloads broke horses. we!f;hlng from
1000 to I6<JQ pounds, at Western Horse Mar-
ket. K. STEWART & CO.. 220 Valencia Et.
THE quarterly bulletin of S. F. Veterinary Ccl-
le*re new ready; Bailed free upon application
to DR. E. J. CUEELY. Pres.. SlOGoMen Gate.
A BUSINESS buggy ""for sale for $45. Box
T19C. Call office.
BUOGT. eood condition, for sale; $25. Box
1C8S. Call office. _ %.;:,
POR sale — A fine road r.«rse: 5 years old; gen-
t!e; good traveler. Box 119. Cal! office.
FOR sale — 10 second- han express wagons, ©ne '
eiag-ls |ruck. 233 I>»ale st.
Al'CTIOX Mis of bones, wajrons and harr)«-»s
every W«3ne*iay at 11 «. tn. VJZ Sixth et. ,
HOUSES TO X.JET.
A— FEINTED list cf houses to l«t; 6*r.d for cir-
cular. G. H. fMBSES & CO.. 20 Montgomery
UNFURNISHED or parUy furnUhM home";
Pr**ld!o Heighti; S rooms and bath. Box
T87. Call effice.
HOUSE. S room* and bath. Inqolr* 126
Eddy tt. •
HOUSES TO LZT— FTOinSEES.
PIKE. 2766 — Ccry. sunny. bay-wtn3ow resi-
dence, completely furnlifcetf; yard; basement;
nice locality.
KOTXSES_WAOTED ; *
P3XAU* well furnished hou«e or tint with
yufl: etata price. Box 21SS. Call offlea.
$18 — 5-ROOM cottage on Cottar* row, or. Web-
ster. bet. Sutter and Buih. Inqoire JCo. 7.
tWSTAI.I.MXISrT BUIXDlio!
BLTLDrNG CONSTRUCTION COMPANT.
Installment homes. £12 Callarhaa buildlnr.
■nrill build on your property cr buy you a lot;
f% a month pays principal and Interest oa
*ach $1<>*> of balance due, making: your in-
gtaHraents less than rent; send for circular.
IiOST AJTD TOXTSTD.
LOST — JI0 reward: on Market St., I^eoember
19, a setter dog answering to name of Star;
ears brown, brown spot near right shoulder,
coat white, sprinkled with brown; had no
collar on; Vra« little lame In right forefoot
because of cut cn one of his toes. Finder
rl^ase return to 13S Eilver st. and receive
above reward. /
LOST — Sunday afternoon. Dec. 11, at beach,
south of Park, black Scotch collie bitch.-
Fuitable reward )f returned to 1326 Forty-
cinth ave. t Boulevard station, or for. infor-
mation of whereabouts.
LOST— A passbook with the HlbernU Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of TECLA T. TUCKER, guardian of
Augustus Temple. a minor. No. 121-763.
The finder will please return,.!* bank.
LOST — A rasa book with the Hibernia. Sav-
ings and Lean Society of San Francisco in
the name of Thomas McCarthy, No. 233-1462.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — On Kentucky-st. car. between Market
and Nineteenth, cr on Nineteenth, a chaa»d
grid ring; "Mary" engraved Inside; keepsake.
723 Tennessee st. Reward.
LOST — A pass borsk with the Hibernia Sav-
ings and Loan Society of San Francisco in
the rame of Margrete Muaroe, No. 1.941.03G.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — All black retriever dog "Tlge." Re-
turn 174 Shotwell st. ; reward.
A 'WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
16 pares. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
uumcmss r<m hike.
C A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
rt. ; for pleasure and business; teL Busk 634.
KATTEESSES A3TD PILLOWS.
TO order: renovated, dii-infected 'formaldehyde
process): excellent carpet cleaning-. HOPKE
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard gt. ; phone South 216.
MISCBaiABTEOUS— -TOtt SAIiIJ. '
AN easy way to give Christmas presents with-
out strainifK your purse: Select anything
from our large stock of diamonds, watches.
Jewelry. cut-.gla*s silverware, gold and silver
umbrellas, etc.; deliver you the good* on first
payment; the balance in small installments;
Do charge for engraving; call In and exam-
ine our goods. UNITED LPAN AND TRUST
CO., 21 Stockton St., near Market. Phone
Bush 4S4.
IN' CONSEQUENCE OF OUR REMOVAL TO
THE UPPER FLOORS OF OUR BUILDING
AT 409 MARKET PT..I WE HAVE A
LARGE! LOT OF WALL AND COUNTER
SHOWCASES AND SAMPLE TABLES FOR
SALE VERY CHEAP. APPLY IMMEDI-
ATELY. SCHLOSS CROCKERY CO.
DOES TOUR ROOF LEAK?
Hars you a leaky tin. shingle, felt or Iron
roof? Cover it with Mastic RocSng. It U best
for ©Id and new roofs, and for valleys, gutters
decks, balconies, etc. Mastic Rcof Paint and
Roofing Cement will stop small leaks. Write
us about It. Elaterlte Roofing Co.. 713 Market.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps.
pulleys. skaftlnK. etc. etc.. bought, sold
rented and exchanged; see Sunday paDers.'
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 120-132 Beale st!
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOEH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont stT
A — BUYS, sells or rents rear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pip*, shafting, pullers.
' etc WHITELAW. 233-255 £pear st.
REPUTABLE place to rent gents' full dress
Tuxedo or Prlnc* Albert tuits. J. COOPER*
21 Stockton at. (formerly at Palace Hotel.)
TRY our men's shoes at tt und $1 SO pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 60; we pay express
rharfes. 11- 3d tn.. Exam, bid-; catalog free.
ALL kinds of talking machines and records at
factory prices. LEVY'S. 415 Kearny; ex-
changes made.
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'S, 137 Mont-
poicery St., rocm 12, upstairs.
FINE Xxras rift — Pure white homer pigeons;
also runts and fancy pigeons. Call 1628
Union St.. Oakland.
AX »i*-£r«~t sealskin, (rood as new, only $70
UNITED LOAN AXD TRUST CO., 21 Stock-
ton st.. second floor.
GRAPHOPHONE, Columbia. *30 size; new.
«]ith 15 record*: very cheap. Box SC34, CalL
HANDSOME, locr. Isabella fox stole; cost $35;
accept t!2. Call 1006 Haight st.
A GENTLE milch cow. cheap. 82« Pacific ave..
; Alameda.
BARBER shop for sale; reasonable price. In-
quire 4S1 Seventh st., Oakland.
TWO old-master violins, cheap. Call cr ad-
Iresa 12 Grove et.
FOR iraJe^ — One flne fresh, milk cow. SC8 Mont-
gomery St.. near Jackson.
HIGHEST cash price paid for diamonds at
PAUL V. OARLN'S. 114 Sutter stT^
TOWEY"S furniture- polish removes spots and
! stains; free delivery. 370 Fell st. .
SAFES and cash registers: n-w and second-
hand. I FREEMAN. 1S25 Market st.
2D-HAND bldg. material; lumber, door. sash.
p!umb. material. The Dolan Co.. 1607 Market.
DESKS bouc-Lt. sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 807 Mission St.: tel. South 811.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
riargair.n. Bullarx] & Breck. 131 Post ft.
SAFES— New and sfcond-hand. , THE HER^-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery H. h
GASOITNE engines, automobiles and launches;
ill sizrs. J. E! DOAK, 46 Fremont et.
ROOMS papered. »4 up: tJnUnjT painting.
Hartiraj-.n Paint Co.. 318 Third: teL Main 413.
CHEAPEST ard b«it tn America— The Weekly
Call 16 pages, cent to any address 1n the
United States cr Canada cne year for $1.
mscTLLAyEous yre.
AAAAAA— BUYS any amount good 2d-hand
clnthlnr: special price for fancy ladies' end
men's clctbiEf:. 822 Folsom; tel Folsom 3622.
AAAAA— Highest prices for ladies', gents' cast-
off clothing. Tel.Davis S25. 650 Sacramento st.
INVENTORS desirous of selling or borrowing
isoney on their patents, call at United Loan
and Trnst Co.. 21 Stockton St.. 2d floor; phone
Bath «&4. I ____*
WANTED— A male Spits pup about 7 or 8
months old. Call MRS. ANDERSON. 554
Haven ct.. afternoon. - - • — • -
DIAMONDS and precious stones^ bought for
* caph. KARL K8ER & Ctt, r. ««. Adams
bid*.. 200'Kearny St.; phone Bl&Ck 3038.
Levy * Rodler. highest price for rents' cast-oft
clcthinr. shoes: tel. Red 1544. 615 Washington
THE SAN FRANCISCO . CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 21. 1904.
Free to Small Ad Patrons of c
YOUR CHOICE OF
Armour Packing Co/s Helmet Brand
• 0 # Ja> 1bs^\/oiA w th** £&$ hi ft ij *Wr* fr ft ft
OR
Armour Packing Co.'s Helmet Brand
CONDENSED MINCEMEAT
i s=§|§4 Mm
T^HE Small Ad Premium the Call offers its patrons this week is particularly seasonable.
No Christmas dinner is nearly complete without a Plum Pudding or a Mince Pie.
A Small Ad placed with the Call for next Sunday will provide your home liberally
with either one of these complements to a Christmas repast. The fame of the Armour
Packing Co/s brands is universally known. Only the finest materials money can buy
are employed in making their products.
Free to Any Person Presenting a Small Ad....
THURSDAY, FRIDAY or SATURDAY
FOR ■ —
THE SUNDAY CALL
CALL BUSINESS OFFICE II OAKLAND OFFICE
Third and Market Streets || 1016 Broadway
KOjnBTJCO J60AJrj___ ;
AAAAA — A CONFIDENTIAL and reputabl*
place to borrow money oh the following:
v Salaries. >
' Life insurance policies.
Chattel mortgages.
Undivided Interests. J .„
Goods In bond. . j - id
Legacies. , '
Second and third mortgages.
Estates In probate.
Life estates.
Rents.
Epeclal department for loans to ladle* oo
their notes. "
Private offices for ladles and gentlemen.
UNITED LOAN AXD TRUST CO.,
21 Stockton et., near Market.
24 floor. Phone Bush 4S4.
AAAA— THE /Portland Jewtlry Co. will mak*
vou very liberal loans on your diamonds,
sealskin or any valuables at the low rate of
two (2) per cent per month; If you do not
wish to call, phone us (phone Bush 484) and
the manager of our loan department will call
cn you; all business strictly confidential.
25 STOCKTON ST., NEAR MARKET.
Private offices at 21 Stockton it., 2d floor.
N. B. — The only loan office west of New
York that has a fire and burglar proof vault
on the premises; free use of same to all cus-
tomers. ' .
—MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANT (IncV—
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN .7.
INTEREST 5*4 AND 6 PER CENT....
CITY. OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRY
PROPERTY
Second mortgages, life Insurance policies, ee-
.tates In- probate, "undivided Interests la prop-
«r*y, probate realty loans, stocks and bonds,
legacies and undivided interests in property
purchased. ■ •
......MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY....
Bulte 107-108 Crocker bldg. ; phone Main 5924.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY. .' ., ~
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing drlectly.' :•,-.'
Krtate, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money,
S*« HERMAN MURPHY. ;
' WILL LOAN* •) """ 7
A reasonable amount oir
1st. 2d or 3d ■ ' ..;
Mortgage, on real estat*.
In city, town or country.
Low rate of Interest. - »
Give full particulars
I of property,
• Location, etc
. Box 223. Call offlce. ■ ■ •
SALARY LOANS— : ~ ~
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
lty or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment-
call and get terms. Drake, 453 Parrott bids.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal - advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 2
t>er cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Stttre
978 Market: tel. Main 1644. Branch 1102
Market and 27 Third., ".. J
A — ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal: no publicity;- also on" real estate;
1st or 2d mortgages, or on any security; any
amount. - O. W. BECKER, SSs^Geary, room 86.
MONET to loan at low. Interest; gold,- silver.
' diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
- at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st,"
-
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security: easy payments; lance business In 48
principal cities. TOLMAN. 6M Parrott bldg.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano
without removal; other security; fairest
rates; strictly confidential; no comrnls. Na-
tional Credit* Co., COS Donoho* bid., 8 Taylor
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos: no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick.
' private, confidential. 26 Montgomery, nn. 21.
PRIVATE: — Money loaned on salaries without
security; diamonds -or chattels; rib fee; no
com.; cut rate. Cal./Loan Co., 623 Parrott bid.
ANY amount oa country property. 1* A.
8PENCER. 472 Tenth st., Oakland.
TO salaried people without security. The Whit*
Co.. 420 California St.. rooms 14 and 15.
PRIVATE party will loan money on salaries
without security. Room 75, 916 Market st.
SALARIED people on note. S. F. DISCOUNT
AGENCY, 125-127 Phelan bldg. Private.
MONET loanefl-on diamonds, watches, Jewelry;
conid. Diamond -Parlor Jewelry Co.. 722 Mkt.
DON'T borrow ■ money on salary until you se*
us. Hutton Credit Co., 912 Mutual Bank bldg.
BTAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311, Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg 1 . '
ALL loans on diamonds & Jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. S. F- Collateral Loan Bank. 53S Kearny.
8% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN, room 61. 6 Eddy st.
CASH loaned • salaried people on notes without
Indoreer. MORRELL, 60S Examiner buildlnr.
A WEEK* 3 news for 5 cents — The WeeklyvCall.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
MONEY WASTED.
WANTED— Party who can invest $10,000 or
$15,000 In manufacturing poultry and stock
food business, which Is now earning $1500
per. month, and with 'additional capital will
.--clear $25,000 this coming year. Address box
380. Call offlce. - - .- .
' MEPICAJE.
LADIES who ar* In trouble or suffering from
' any ailment . peculiar to their sex can find
Immediate relief by consulting Dr. White,
the only graduate physician In San Francisco
- who has devoted a lifetime to helping women;
17 years' experience without a failure has
. put him at the head. He guarantees relief or
DR. WHITE. 702 Market st.. rooms 7 and 8.
LADIES— Possibly I'm not the cheapest nor yet !
: the oldest specialist here, but I AM a RB-
. ■ LIABLE graduate physician. When In trou-
-We confide In me... ■Irregularities, relieved; .
: the unfortunate, helped; I promise beat atten-
tion and.no danger: I guarantee prompt re-
sults or no charge: . Room 1. Est. 14 years.
.• DR. E. G. WEST, office 305 Kearny, st.:. - -,
■MRS. DR. '. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
• male troubles and irregularities; Instant re 1 -
lief. guaranteed. lOOSH Market Bt.; opp.^ath.
MR8. DR. WYETH. specialist ! for; all female
i complaints and - Irregularities ; . instant . relief.
.-.' guaranteed; 30 years'- experience. 944 Post «t.j
MEDICAIi — Continued.
DR. O. W. CDONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on femal*
complaints: postively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; tbe most difficult cases treated;
. every case taken; immediate relief; no poi-
soning drugs; low fees; my methods will cure
all case* : of irregularity; by consulting me
save time and money; advice free. Office.
1018 Market st. .
DRS. GOODWIN has returned from Europe;
estab. 18S4 In 8. F.; 26 years' experience;
female complaints only; Drs. Goodwin ls well
known to enjoy the Implicit confidence of la-
dle* suffering from Irregularities or other
conditions; relief assured or no charge: avoid
delay; fee low; hours 2 to 4 and 6:30 to 8:30
p. m. 850 Market St.. second floor, room 37.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, ladles' specialist, removed
from 1118 Market to 833 Mission St.. near
Fourth; home in confinement; 25 years' expe-
rience; best medical attention; low fees.
LADIES suffering from Irregularities, sick or
in trouble, consult Dr. Sylvester, 219 Kearny
- st. -.relief guaranteed; no drugs, no operations.
TALBOT BARNARD, Australian Nerve Spe-
cialist, has arrived; limited number patients
treated home; consultation free. 3221 21«t st.
MME. HAY'S female cones; guaranteed; sure
remedy; $2. Smart Set Mfg. 619 Mission.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS ;
original method of treatment. 1226 Market.
LADIES— Kumround; safe, sure, never falls;
$2. Glea*on-Ruggle» Drug Co., Kearny & Clay.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2995 Folsom St., corner
26th; ladies, relief or no fee; $10.
fe MT7STCAI. I^STBTmEHTS.
A NUMBER OF BARGAINS IN UPRIGHTS.
A small upright, a snap $93
, Stodart. mahogany case, flne condition.. $133
Grovesteen & Fuller, full sue concert. .$145
Fischer, thoroughly repaired $ieo
Also a Chlckering, Vose, Stelnway, Weber,
Mason & Hamlin, Sterling and many otherj.
Easy payments.. BENJ. CL'RTAZ A SON.
16 O'Farrell at. ' ■>.
A GREAT opportunity — W* ar* closing out
our er t:re Seattle stock In 8. F. at prices
never heard of before: all makes; your
term* ar* our terms; rents $2 up; allowed If
purchased. HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237
Geary st.. S. F. ; Oakland. 1252 Broadway.
A TREMENDOUS sacrifice— Car flne new
planes ■ In storage; slightly damaged by Tt.
. R. wreck; less than $100: pianos guaranteed;
opea eves. .Whtteheed's Storage, 1636 Market.
PARTY must sell large Stetnway upright; cost
$700; price , $2S5:- will accept payments; no
reasonable cash offer refused. .237 Geary st. «
BEAUTIFUL new upright pianos for rent. $3
per month; one year's rental allowed If pur-
. chased. SCOTT- CURTAZ. 660 Hayes it
BARGAIN: Voas plano.'nearly new: no agents.
A. POTTET. northeast cor. 20th-Fol«om ■ stst
OPEN evenings until Christmas. Byron Mauxy
Piano ■ Wareroom*. 308-312 Post st. ■ ■ -
A SMALL Stelnway upright; cost $500; $1S5
takes It. 237 Geary st.
FISCHER upright; cost $350; will sell for $96.
,237 t Geary st.
FOR honest and fair dealing, Horaung Piano
■ House. 216 McAllister st. ,
ALMOST given away — Storsce pianos, furni-
ture., eirt cheap to p*y storage. Whit*head's
Storare. 1C3C Market St.; open eveniegs.
ELEQANT uprlghts.r.ew * 2a-tand.$45 to $500.
P\erce's Piano Factory. Market and 14th sts.
6OHMER. Byroa Uauxy pianos. Cecellan piano
player. BYRON MAUZT, 803-312 Post at.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
rcent*. BCHMITZ It CO.. 16 McAllister K.
S-PEDAL Stemway up: Chlckering baby grand;
Shoninger. little u«ed. KetfTe's. 2X5 orFarrrtl.
OfPICEB ACTD STOBES TO I^ST. ■
BOON vacated, established location, suitable
dentist; rent very cheap. WHIGHAM. »33
. Market st. .
_^-
•*R . E . X "^R. A?b ToTS BVuX?£^E^T^N/'
"O-S-S-I-F-I-E-D LADY"— Mrs. V. Kr.nwtes*
joints ossified aad herself BEDRIDDEN for
years, through 2 rt y»arV rh»'.ir:!a:isin, after
IJexr«dio'e FIRST treatment. Aujrast -.
found all her ANCHYLOHF.D. SOLID
FUXED Joints Instantly LOOSENED, so
she could MOVE them freely, and th«n for
FIRST time In years ROSE from bed UN-
AIDED, and after nearly FIVE MONTHS,
to dat*. still RETAINS taos* benefits. Th«
many BRIEF references to her case- In this
column wer* "condensed" frcm the FAR
MORE wonderful and ext*ns4v* "detailed"
TESTIMONY of Auxu*t 2, giv«n and signed
, by her HUSBAND, J. E. KNOWLES. with
names of competent, rrliable WITNES?E3
attached. The "original" document ls ON
VIEW at Rexradlo's offices, also published
In "full" In h!# "WEEKLY BULLETIN." >
"REXRADIO" has treated with marvelou* !
success ALL forms of RHEUMATISM, la- ;
eluding: CHRONIC. ACUTE. MERCURIAL. I
ARTICULAR, INFLAMMATORY. Deforming }
and Ossifying, as la RHEUMATOID ARTH- J
RITIS (same as Mrs. Knowlea' disease). ,
Many BEDRIDDEN, hopeless victims, like
Mrs. Knowles, have been quickly raised up.
NONE KEEP DESPAIR. . . .'
"REXRADIO'S REFERENCES" to (cured> j
patients: "H* quickly. marv*lously cured j
us. after all others FAILED, of imminent
BLINDNESS, catarrh. ANCHYLOSIS, neu-
ralgia. GASTRITIS, rheumatism. CANCER,
sciatica. TYPHOID fever, lumbago. PTO-
MAINE poisoning. PROSTATITI3. fibroid I
TUMOR, ulcer, total DEAFNESS, severe j
FEMALE troubles, etc. Get our NAMES
at offices." (Also HUNDREDS cf others.) |
"REXRADIO'S" offlce hours, 2 to 7. PUBLIC
(free) healing TO-DAY. 2 and 8 p. m. Ra-
dium Hall, 1 Fourth et. (cor. Market).
MEN suffering with rheumatism. Insomnia,
nervousness or poor circulation seeking
health, will find It to their advantage to s*e |
m« before going anywhere else. I give sci-
entific body massage, electricity or vibration
at my offlce; terms reasonable. PROF.
HAMMERSTEIN. 1710 Sutter »t.. & F.
AA— WHY look old?
Fifteen day rate will now be given by MME.
GILLINGHAM: a lady 72 years of age with
wrinkles and pufflness removed from one side
of the face can b* seen dally: write for book-
let. 143 Stockton St.. cor. G**ry.
SPECIAL BETWEEN SEASON LOW RATE3
this week for facial beautifying: a face with-
out a wrinkle with the contour and fresh
color of youth may be had through my
•clentlflc treatment; consultation and book-
let free. M. ELLA HARRIS. 128 Geary st.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth, steps fallfrig. cures dandruff
and Itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers' :ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 1338 Polk
OXYGEN massage cures weakness and nervous
troubles. Offlce, 320 Starr Kin«r bldg.. 121
Geary st. MRS. HOLSHOUSER. magnetic
' specialist; ladies and gentlemen.
MRS. LEGG. the noted mental scientist, has
opened offices at 2214 Howard St.; all dis-
eases positively cured without medicine; to-
bacco tc liquor habits specialty: consult free.
NOTICE — Any one desiring to become master
of their own destiny and become an Initiate
tn the Cabala for information. The Philo-
sophical Pub. Co.. 1429 Market st.
ANY Information of the whereabouts of WIL-
LIE or FRANK LUND, formerly of Chicago.
' will be thankfully received by his brother,
EMIL LUND, box 22C», CalL
AUBREY FITCH: Writ* me; my present ad-
dress Salt Lake City; Important news frora
London. WALTER. . '
LADIES — Complete manicure outfit; 5 pieces;
25c, silver or stamps. Smart Set Mfg. Co.,
519 Mission st. -"- '■'■.'-.
FANCY and Bilk dresses carefully washed.
JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRT. estab.
1S39. 2122 Flllmore St.; phone Geary 2053.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and £1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post St., near PowelL
FACE ma*sage and electric treatments. n«wly
opened parlors. 104 Kearny st.. 2d floor, r. 2.
FACIAL massage and manicuring parlors. 203
Powell St., parlor 1.
MRS. DR. GWYER. 511A Leavenworth St., be-
tween Geary and O'Farrell. Tel. East C37.
FACE massage. Address N.. 217 Post St..
rooms 17-1S. ' ' .
SUITS to order on Installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS CO.. the tailors. 729 Market St.
EASY Installments for Men and Youths. Suits
to order. Co-cperatlve Tailoring, 1117 Mkt.
f 1 a week; suits to order $15 up. LEMOS, 1127
Market St., between Seveath and Eighth.
ONE dollar weekly keeps ycu In flne clothing.
Art Tailoring, 1844 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas.
Superfluous hair removed: electric needle. Mrs.
Eaton. 369 Sutter. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary. r.3S.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush aad Dupont.
MASQUERADE costumes, play bocks, wl^s;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its' natural color. $1 at all druggists'.
_FHTOICIAHSj§jrp STOOE01TS 1 __
DR. C. C CDONNELL— Office and restdenc*.
lCZltt Market St., bet. 6th aad 7th: particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market St.-
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body: for
past four years at 115-117 Mason at., now lo-
cated at (€7 Geary it., near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO. the famocs herb doctor— All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 748-9 Clay st.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES Jn EAR3
positively cured; new methods; one week's
treatment free. Dr. Cottlnsaam. 204 Sutter.
PURCHASING AGENCIES.
CLARA E. JEWETT, purchasing agent; coun-
try orders a specialty: correspondence solicit-
ed. S05 Larkin st.. room 49; tel. South 319.
PB0P0SAI.S.
PROPOSALS "will be received at the Bureau
of Supplies and Accounts. Navy Department.
Washington. D. C. until 10 O'CLOCK A. M.
.January 17, 1905. and publicly opened im-
mediately thereafter, to furnlsn at tile navy
yards. Mare Island, Cal., and Puget Sound,
Wash., as specified, a quantity of motors,
electric wlr*. cable and conduit, cabtaet,
meters, circuit breakers, ammeters and mis-
cellaneous electric material; wood fiber,
■ brick, dowlas linen, braid, buttons, trolleys.
. blocks, pipe threading machine, screws,
locks, gremmets, shackles, emery wheels and
miscellaneous hardware and hand tools;
fabrikoid, bellows and rigging leather; piles,
fir. ash aad pine; copper. Iron, brara. Tobln
bronze and steel; asbestos pipe cover." metal-
lic tubing, hose, packing, rubber, gasket.
' oxidized carbon cement, paint, tar oil. en-
gine . oil. acids, beeswax, polishing paste;
pipe, fittings, valves, steam trap?, radia-
tors; tinned pears, apricots, peaches, roast •
beef, lima and string beans, corn, peas, suc-
cotash and tomatoes; evaporated apples and
peaches, prunes, pepper, tea. mustard, lard,
spilt peas, macaroni, beans, salt, rice, sal-
mon; stationery, stencil paper, water-closets,
manhole frame, winch, pump, wagons, salt
water and laundry soap, generating sets mir-
rors, fence tvire and pasts. Singer sewlr.jj
machln«8, valve reseating- machine, drawing
lnstrumenta. toilet paper, ground cork, win-
> dow glass and paint brushes. Blank propoeata I
will be furnished upon - applk_-atlor! to the |
navy pay offices, San Francisco. Cal.. and
Seattle. Wash., or to the Bureau. H. T B
HARRIS, Paymaster General U. S n"
12-6-04. ■ ■ \
PROPOSALS for pipe and fittings— Offlce De-
po: Quartermaster. 3C N«w Montgomery st
Ban Francilbo, CaL. Dec. 20. 1904 Sealed
proposals, in triplicate,-- subject to usual con-
ditions, will be received here until 10 o' clock
a. el. Pacific standard time, Friday. D?c. ::o
- 1004, and then opened, for fnrnlshin? pip*
and fcr Camp Stotsenburs. P. I..;
United States reserves rljtht to accept or re-
ject any or all proposals or any -part thereof;
further information furnished on application:
envelopes containing proposals to be marked
"ITopodals fcr Pir*. etc.. No. lorvn" and
addressed to MAJOR C. A. DEVOL, Q. M ,
, U. 6. A,. Depot Quartermaster.
JStEAZ. ESTATE— CITT—T OB SAX.*^
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS. ,
Do you realize that tbe growing city of Saa
Francisco has only a small area of
Ocean B*ach?
Astocndlrig tries will be cbtalned for lot*
fronting the v ran in near fatur*.
W# ofTar the enly rradeJ lots frontins; rtgae
Bfjfc- cn boulevard, cctcn and park.
$450 to $1CCO — Unobstrjct*d ocean and par*
view Lots on easy terms. None Ilk*
tnesj !n this city. Selling raptdly at
our low prices and terms. Dca't
miss this opportunity; »*•
them to-day.
$1CO to $-150 — Near park and ocean; $5 monthly.
Get off car at our Oceanside branch ofS;* *•»
corner H st. and 47th ave.. open dally
....*■ and Sunday.
$3C0 to $1100— Choicest Fun«rt *n3 nilhraoad
lots. On instilments.
$100 to $tO«V-Le\el Fx<els!cr Homestead lota.
* Near cars. $!i monthly.
$1250 to $3000— Mcderr! eottagts In Sunset.
Richmond. Ocear.s'.de a-d Mlsaloa;
«asy terras.
SOL GKTZ ft BON. Owners and Dealers.
Room 54. fourth Boor. Chrontcl* bldg.
■ . v i znzzz
W. J. GUNN.
W0 CALIFORNIA ST.
<?avlnr« Cr.fn BuildinO
$3S0 each— I>cts on llt>t av«.. na<»t !<td«. nur
Point Lcbos nve.. 2Sxl2f>: Rr8<1«»l;' xtreet era-l-
ed, macadamized ani «ewrred; w?ll 1erate4;
nothing this s!-1p cf 12th ave. as rheap as
this; both installment* of taxes paid op t"»
next year; certificate of title Insurant-* com-
pany gt>es with !ot». Begin th« neir year br
oxrn!r(r cne of these lots; you can da so If you
try. It Is cheaper to ha^e a hnme on one "!
these i#ts than to pay rent; $5".» firrt paymsn*.
easy Installments; ea.«y to r*arh: within R2S
feet of t"ntm»nt-st. cars an<1 7?f».fe»t of tn*
*th-ave. cars, both lines cnnnertlrr w'.th all
parts cf the rlty; the buy»r b»«rln» hv gttf.vts
one of these under its a:tu.tl value.
$3r>H>_2 totsi litJi ave., n?a r CTrment St.;
25xl2'».
■ I'r.ion st.. sunry «W»; lots 27:^x110: verv
/•heap; r*a(iy f?r bulldlre;; rariM »«w; ti
ask $17CO earh. hnt ttant to sell: < ars pass;
very easy payrr;»nt5: ttp -r '•! tl\- » bargain;
flats bting big rentals In this locality.
$l?.SC0^Van .Nfs* avc; a bn&-«**sai flats;
large lot.
$2C<!O~21st ave.. near Lake st.; Kt^lS^.
$3<V.O— 2!st ave.. nsar T,nke st. : CCxl20.
$075<J — Clement St.: 7:>x:C0. r . ;
o»C0O— Pi-tty cottaRP »fider.c*; sunay «W»:
Rlc^rnond District; near K-th *v*.
V.'. J. GUNN.
, 5.-W t-ALIF ORNIA BT.
ONLT A FEW LEFT.
$1 2S PER TTF-KK.
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
$rCO for chcic« lots. ExcelJ>!cr Hoaesteil
Tract; level as a bi'.IIartl »aM»: on grade;
close to fin* school a.-d MifMcn-st. electria
cars; bcucd to douri** In valun.
$400 each, cn lnstallmerits rf $10 per month:
no taxes?; Cne 'cts, nsar Ocean boulovard;
best residence location *rath «f Golden Gat*
Park; these are the ch«ar»st lots In this dis-
trict; advancing in price rapidly.
W. J. WHITE.
28 Montgomery st. r. s. Phcr.e Mala 5704.
OFARRET-L ST..
XOT FAR FROM MASON ST.
Good frontage anj extra large depth b3clt tat
rear street.
Over 4200 snuare feet on ground f!c>or.
*-,*•• THOMAS MAOKi: & SONS,
5 Montgomery j<t.
GOOD wcrk our mctto; prices moderate. AHL-
BACTT H MAYER, plumbers. Vi liowari
BEAL ESTATE — COVTSTBTI — Far Sals.
WHITE & KAYLEf.
Successors to
W. J. WHITE.
CHICKEN RAN.i'HES l»A ERTWHERE.
EXCHANGES.
$4 50 per acre — •; miles of Cloverdala an 1
railrcad; 4000 acres. ccmprUicg in- best stocK
racee and' especially adapted to sheep: 2 fin*
ltvlruc streams run several mil-* through tb«
property; careful estimates piace tee can
stumpage at 12J.C0O cords, for which we hav*
an offer of 25 cents per cord ca contract wita
cash payment ■yp» r lt"j whetlier wood is cut ur
not; weed alone mort than pays for the plac».
$12.500— 3£tf acres rich alluviai soil; - mile*
of two thrivinc railroad towns and not far
frcm Lodi, San Joaquin County; small almond
erchard: good house, 6 roorcs and house fur
help; tine barn holding luo tons; wagon shed;
blacksmith shop; windmill. •*>»>■'« gallon tank;
fenced and cross-fern. ed; icvr.n or exchange;
gilt-edge bay property.
J3S00 — On cil«d drive; 1 mile of Lirerrnore:
40 acres healthy. f»ll bearing vineyard; about
5 acres fruit; plain dwelling; barn; gaod well
and windmill; i years' crop will pay for thia
place.
$3000—25 acres; 1 mile of Courthouse aal
Hl£h School: 5 acres fi.-.s alfalfa; 10 acre*
Bartlett pears acd almonds: balance alfalfa
land: 2 wells; fully equipped pumping plant;
dwelling, barn, poultry houses; drying plant;
half cash.
$4000—33 acres level lcam land near Elralra;
12 acres apricots, 12 French prunes; family
erchard; 5 acres Bartlett pears; 5-room cot-
tage; barn; 12 poaltry houses: brooder
houses: 2 wells: windmill and ta-nk: wouM
subdivide on easy terms or accept unimproved
lots in part payment.
SCCO— Almost adjoin*, stores. P. O. and «
miles ef Anderson: 10 acres; « acre* bearing
peaches; cabin v lt5x24; ua<J»r Irrigation ditch;
well fenced: poultry men. investigate quick.
$1000 cash required, balanc* *t.y time to
please you; 40 acres a!l under fia» Irrigation
system: 23 i a f U n bearing fruit; 5-rooci and
bath cottage: bam. stable: 5 acres rich hay
land for alfalfa: balance timbered pastur*: I
mile of Courthouse and depot: den't wait ti>
write, but come and investigate.
$30O down; 1 mile of R. It. town: 13 acre*
level black lcam: no buildinsa: well fenced:
■ 13 acre3 full bearing pears ar..1 French prunes;
j Cne creek for poultry: price $2000, any terra*.
$4000 — Best hop land In Sonoma County: 4f»
acres. 6 miles of Santa Rosa: large bopbouse;
; 9 head of Jersey cows; hogs; 400 hens; wagon,
buggy, 2 sets of harness. .«pan horses, farming
, tool?, dafry utensils, furniture: buy this act!
make money faster than they do in th* Mint.
$So00 — Close to Napa City; 50 acres rich,
level lard; 35 acres In crchafd 12 years old;
good 8-room house; larse barn, windmill and
tar.k: drying plant, poultry yards: horses, cat-
tle: farming tools; good furniture; fin* Income;
half cash.
$2500—25 acres, half rolling and balaae*
level; near Santa Rcsa. S miles of Kenwood:
rich 'land; 2 acres orchard: vineyard: creek, a
wells: nice cottage. 5 rooms; Urgs barn:
fenced Into 4 fields: 5 poultry- house, tare*
wire netting yards. ISO laying hens': good
hcrse. 3 cattle: spring wagon, top buggy: *
torj hay; easy terms.
$4750 — On Guadalupe Cresk. «cuth of 8a:*
Jose; S3 acres; 12 in full bearing orchard la
fire condition: balance gently sloping fin* bar
land: flne creek; 2T. magnificent oak trees; 4-
rocm cottage: good stable: flne Income: w»
have a choice list of small homes In Sarit*
Clara County; pleased to driv* you around aad
shew them
$235O— 2 miles of Sonoma City; 10 acres level
rarden soil: «% acres bearing Tine*; 1 acr ,
"^rult: good dwelling, barn, poultry-houses;
hcrse. wagen. carts, plows. 3 sets harness,
tools, tvlne press, tacks^and 'casks; furniture;
fire crop.
$17<X> — 25 acres. e!os* to Callstoga; adapt*!
to vinp« and trees: family orchard: cozy 5-
room cottage; good barn; flae water.
$40O down — 5 acres good land, with as-».
hard finished cottag« of 5 rooms and bath;
large brooder-house. 2 Incubators, brooders: alk
farmlns tools; near Petaluma: price $2000.
$5100 — Only 1 mite of Hay-wards; 37 a~r«»
fln* land: 4 acres b-ariig orchard: modern
house, 0 rooms and bath: finest barn la cour.ty.
nlone cost $40fW>; fine view; this Is th» best buy
in the vicinity.
LODI. LOPI.
The town that has the "SNAP" to It; th*
section that has the most fertile poll in th*
San Joarraln Valley: flne roads; water trans-
portation.
We are nuMlvlfllnjr a choice tra<-» In 19-acr*
', Mai only 21 i mites from towtii surrounded tvr
modern homes acd fne orchards and vineyard*:
i gnll rich, black, nanrtv lcam. 12 feet deep:
school oa the tract: $75 pe r »<«r«; this will net
1 last over 30 days; first corae. frst serred.
1 $12tf) — 10 acres In vln* and fruit belt, near
I Lodl: sandy loam: 5-room house and barn.
Send stamp fcr the largest and mort diversi-
fied mated list on th» coast.
WHITE & BAYLET.
Successors to
W. J. WHITE. .
28 Montgomery st., room «.
Property Exchange a Specialty.
$5000— SO ACRES of land, all tinder enlttva-
I tlon with Improvements, in crcaard s*etltn
! of Sutter County: only three miles from
county seat and cn Una of near Irrigation
ditch. ,
A snap If taken soon, bat will cot kcea.
M. J. SEWKOM,
400 Seccad St.. Maryjville. Cat
■
1 "^^_
HFITCtAL BARGAIN.
ICO acres of l-»ve! Uwl: «t>o«l %n\\\ near K»1-
seyvllle. Lake County: fti)y «N'p-r acre. Se*
j P. f.\ LASSEN * Ct>., Oakland, Cal.
CONTRA CcstJ f\)unJy Real estate for n!e.
Send for Use D. J. WEST. Martinet. CaL
on Page Fourteen.
1314
aEAIi ESTATE — C0T7KTRY — Por Sale.
ATTENTION. HOMESEEKERS!
Send postal 'for catalogue of the best laaft
bargains la California. C. M. WOOSTER CO..
tilS Market tt.
SAJ MATEO Kli-L ESTATE.
LOMITA PARK.
As an investment or for a home sit*, a 90-
foot lot In Lcmita Park offers exceptional ad-
vostnpes. Only 45 minutes from the city on
ih» San Siatec electric line; outside the fog
belt- well located and drained; artesian water:
streets graded; water and sewer pipes laid.
Term» — A first payment of from $10 up and
balance at $10 per month. Easily within the
reach of all. First placed en the market Aug-
ust 1 and over half now sold. Must be seen
to be appreciated. Go down and Investigate or
write to-day — to-morrow may be too lato to
secure a choice.
bELBT. RODGERS & CO..
Main 673. 116 California at.
Also at LOMITA PARK. I
3EEAI. ESTATE TO EXOKAyQB. 1
GOOD Oakland property to exchange for eoun- |
try property. L, A. EPENCER. 472 Tenth I
st-. Oakland.
BEBKELEY ADVERTS'NTS
BEBtELTY KEASi ESTATE.
A SNAP— SEE IT!
$1450 — $250 cash, balance $15 per month;
r»w 6-room cottsge. hot and cold water, bath
end toikt. high basement, brick foundation; 1*
block t'» cars.
$6000 — House cf S large room*; all modern
and up-to-date, with a block of land; well.
windmill and tank, barn, chicken-house, fruit
treec; house cost more than 1 am asking for
the property.
$1850 — New 5-room cottage; high basement.
£n« mantel, stationary tube, batii, tcllet. etc..
large lot; 1 block to cars. •• -.
$2S00 — $S0O cash, balance $25 per month; 8
large rooms; ail modern; lot 60x135; fruit
trees: work all done.
?:;■•> to $G00 — Street work all done; (25 cash,
balance $?> and $10 per month.
$1500 — J:-1X' cash, balance $15 per month: 4
largo rooms; good well and city water; lot
40x135.
$211)0 — $200 cash, balance $20 per month; 8
large room* and bath; ttationary washtubs;
ftae mantel, high basement; cement walks;
■treet work all done; 2 blocks to both trains.
$2200 — $1100 each, balance fiat mortgage; 8-
room house; lot 76x100; 3 blocks to train; re-
duced from $3000 for quick sale.
W. C. MORAS, South Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERT'S'SITS
OFFICE. 1010 BROADWAY.
OAgI*ajrP REAIt ESTATE.
PIEDMONT.
PIEDMONT.
PIEDMONT.
PIEDMONT. PTEDMONT.
PIEDMONT. PIEDMONT.
PIEDMONT. PIEDMONT.
PIEDMONT. PIEDMONT.
PIEDMONT. PIEDMONT.
Thirty-five minutes
from £an Francisco
By Key route ferry — 20 minute servlc*
— i6 trains daily.
OPPOSITE THE GOLDEN GATE.
Elevation 400 feet —
High above the fog.
CENTRAL PIEDMONT TRACT.
THE MOST BEAUTIFUL SUBURB
OF SAX FRANCISCO.
Price* from $30 to $40 per front foot.
Highland Terrace — 2 minutes* walk from Key
route station — 525 to $30 per foot.
This it a cafe. Quick Investment.
Acreage and villa cites in all parts of Ala-
meda County.
City lot* in Oakland. Piedmont and Berkeley.
HOUSES BUILT TO SUIT PURCHASERS ON '
INITIAL PAYMENT OF 20 PER CLST
TOTAL COST OF HOUSE AND LOT; BAL- !
ANCE MONTHLY AS RENT. ;
Purchaser can occupy *is bouse on a smaller j
outlay than the <x>st cf the lot alone.
The easiest building offer on the market.
£ENT> FOR OUR ILLUSTRATED LITERA-^
TVRE ON PIEDMONT AND ALAMEDA'i
COUNTY. OR. BETTER YKT. BE OUIlj
GUEST AT PIEDMONT ANY AFTERNOON !
OR SUNDAY.
SEND LS YOUR NAME AND WE WILL !
MAIL FREE TICKET AND PARTICU-
LARS.
THE REALTY SYNDICATE.
14 SANSOME ST.
1212 BROADWAY.
8. M. DODGS & BOX.
Il«i» BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
2131 < -ENTER ST.. BERKELEY.
tir>W oash — Kin? cottage on Funny side of !
»tr«H?t: convenient to two lo-al train stations:
near school, street oar (2 lines*, church and !
business: walking distan-i* of town: 5 rooms,'
l/a.th: well arranged: hlgJi V,as<»m»;nt. with one
additional room: lot 25x115; fine lawn; prioA
£2.'>i*>: Sl.Vxt rash, balance on mortgage; must
b» sold; own«-r has had 5trok»> of paralysis.
MUFT BE SOLD.
jrjno— Fin» 5»»-f<iot lot; VTwt M... north of
Fortieth; quick sfrvlco to San Francisco; owner
n<-p'if- money; will sacrifice for earn.
$000 — Spltndid elevate.1 lot, 75x123 feet:
etre»t macadamized; levely view; rapid transit
eerviee; creditors forcing Kile: see this at once.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE COMPANY.
4C0-4C2 Eighth Ft.. Oakland. Cal.
TTB ha%-e clients locking for Investments In
OaJcland property. If you have either houses
or lots for pale call at our office or mail us
full description and price.
C. E. REED.
4C8 Eleventh et.. Oakland.
A SNAP— Choice lot, 110x125. SW. cor. 21st
and Myrtle ets. : will be sold as a whole or
ln Fubdlvlrjcr.*: Fold to settle an estate. 1453
Myrtle ft.. Oakland.
$7000 — HANDSOME new 8-room house; furn-
ace: Lakeside district, near business center,
must fell. LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE
CO.. 4W-402 Elghrti Et.. Oakland.
A WEEK'S news for S cents— The Weekly Call.
10 p*ees. in wrapper, for mailinr. $1 per year.
OAKLAITD TTJBH1TUKE TOB SAXE.
TO-MORIiOW the day for barEa!r^riin~furnl-
ture. H. SchMhaaa. 11th st.. cor. store.Oakland
San Francisco Advertisem't'3
BRYANT, 421 — Two «unny rooms, nicely fur-
nished for housekeeping; gas.
EDDY. 210— Nicely fum. su'.te, light house-
keeping; alto double rooms; terms moderate.
FIFTH. 353 — 3 furnished housekeeping- $16-
also 2; $12. *'-'■ \-'\
FILLMORE. UOo — Two or three eunny front
rootnt; houseke^uing: privilege.
. GEARY. 1225 — Nict eunny bay-window suite-
nil convtniemez; fine view; also other choice
rooms; reasonable.
HOWARD. 71 »»»— Housekeeping; 3 large sunny
rooms, suitable for 3 or 4 adults; respectable;
no transient.
JA':iCi^ON. *41. cor. M£Rcn — One or two un-
funilsh<»<1 housekeeping rocirus.
JESSIE. S2.1— Large sunny front room; gas
rang*: sink, tjod and cot; $3 25 wee]:; others.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine—^
Sunny furnished 3-room suites; steam heated
electric lighted: fr«* baths; rates reasonable*
LARKTN. 715 — Two housekeeping rooms; also
nice. «unny eingle; reasonable: private.
MISSION. »11»4. near Fifth— Furnlrhed room*
for hcuM.kfw-i.irr: caa stove; reasonable. ■
OAK. 117 — Rooms, complete, housekeeping; $5
to $12; raa range; hot bath; adults.
O'F.VRRELL. 1305 — Nicely furnished sunny
front housekeeping euite; $16.
PEARL. 3. corner Market— Three- sunny ■ fur-
nish^ housekeeping roomy; $18; no children.
KAUSCH. SS. near Folsom — Alcove room and
connecting kitchen complete- for hskpg. ; reas.
. SACRAMENTO, 1514 — Sunny rooms; neatly
furnished; eutte or slngl*; light faousekeep-
1ne It desired.
SOUTH PARK. 137—2 or 3 nicely furnished
eunny front housekeppins, suite; reasonable.
STOCKTON. X." W. oor. Filbert— 2 nicely fur-
nished sunny housekeeping rooms.
TAYLOR. 811 — Furn. suite; folding bed. gas
ranee, $12; 1 room, sunny, gax range. 17 CO.
TENTH. 162 — Two sunny connecting rooma,
newly furnished for housekeeping; (u range,
running water. V
j aOOMS rOB HOTTSEgEgFIgq^-Con.
TURK, 123 — Clean sunny furnished rooms.
with board; suite or ' single ; housekeeping;
$5 up. ■
WEBSTER. 1229 — 3 or 4 rooms complete for
housekeeping: phene and bath.
ROOMS TO SET — Furn. tad TTnfnrn.
ATKINS, cor.' Third st. and Park lane — New
brick building; all sunny rooms; hot and cold
water; electric lights; only flrst-claaa house
ln locality; rooms $1 50 week and up.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth gt.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 par week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 25c. 50c, $1, $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
BKLMOND House; over Owl drug store: 2 en- -
trances. 1128 Market and 21 Turk— Electric
1 lights; running water In every' room; 200
j rooms; 25c to 50c per night; $1 25 to $3 week.
CALIFORNIA. 1247 — Suit* of rooms; piano,
I grate and bath; light breakfast without
: charee. •-:'■'.
FIFTH. 327— Nioely furnished frodt room.
FILLMORE. 319. near Pa*«— Nice front
room; $1 50.
GRAND Southern 7th and Mission — Rooms 35c
to $1 2S night; $1 SO to $6 wk. ; reading-room.
GOLDEN OATE ave.. 357— Newly furnished
funny front suites, also single. $2 up; bath;
hot and cold water.
HOWARD. 640 — Sunny front room. gTate,
$2 25 week. '
HOWARD. 715 — Furnished rooms, singls or
double: central location.
HARRISON. 2410. bet. 20th and 21st — Furnish-
ed front room, suitable for 2 men; rent $5.
HOWARD. 737H— Rooms, large and sunny, to
let.
HOWARD. 1608— Neatly furnished rooms for
housekeeping; also single room.
JESSD3. 367 — Nice, sunny, furnished rooms,
$1 per week up.
JONES, 951. near Pine— Sunny parlor, with
piano; also sunny upper floor with bath con-
necting, suitable for gentlemen; fine view.
LAGUNA, 1507, cor. Geary — Cory 3-room suite;
newly furn.; new flat; private; reasonable.
LARKIN. 8O4 — Sunny, light back room; grate;
housekeeping; $S: single back room, $0.
MASON, 1527 — Furnished rooms; private: with
or without or without bath; references.
MARKET. 1049 (The Falmouth)— Sunny rooms;
$2 50 to $7 week; baths; elevator; also hkpg.
METROPOLITAN Hotel. 129 Third st. — 400
■•ingle and family rooms 35c to $1 50 per day.
$2 to $8 per week; the only new and modern
hotel and rooming-house In San Francisco
that has office on ground floor, hot and cold
water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
in every room and gives free batha and ele-
vator service day and night to ita guests.
ROOMS FOR RENT. "
The Pacific Coast Room Renting Agency has
opened offices at 2S9 Post st. If you want a
room, suite of rooms cr flat call and see us.
We can furnish you furnished or unfurnished
rooms and save you time, trouble and money. :
Full dtcriptlon, prices, etc.. s phone John 6581. |
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights; i
reading-room, emoking-room and ladles' rar- i
lor; rooms per night, 35c to $1 50; week $2
to $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground :
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths, j
SACRAMENTO] 138S — Nice furnished sunny
parlor to let; new, modern flat; 2 gentlemen.
SUTTER, 703 (San Remo)— Large sunny fur-
nished rooms, single and en euite.
THE ET. KATHRYN CORNER ELLIS AND
LEAVENWORTH STS.— POSITIVELY THE
SUNNIEST ROOMS IN THE CITY: NEW
SANITARY HAIR MATTRESSES BATHS,
ELECTRIC LIGHTS TELEPHONE SERV-
ICE. HOT AND COLD WATER: EVERY
MODERN . CONVENIENCE: ELEVATOR
ALL HOURS: ROOMS FROM $3 WEEK.
THE LAUNSTON. 110 Eddy— Best regular and
transient house in city; 50c and $1.
TEHAMA. 4S1. cor. 6th— Nice sunny front
room, suitable for man and wife or gentle-
man.
! VNITED STATES. 123 Eddy. nr. Market— 400
, rooms .ISc to $1 nirht. $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water in every
' room; Plfvator.read.-room; free bus; baggige.
I VEXCOME, 1104 Market— Furn. rooms suite
or slnele; suites $5 week up. 15 Turk.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 34 Et.. nr. Market —
Mo*t convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to $1 50 n'ghtfy; $2 to $8 week; elevator-
elpf. light?: reading-room: free bus; baggage.
; A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
j ticn of advertisements and subscriptions has
b«>tn opened at lwS Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Onen until II p. m.
| ADVERTISEMENTS, «ub«rr!ptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church.
3ooj:s asd board.
HOTEL L'AIGLON. 501 Geary Bt.^LargX
6unny rooms, board; r-ultes. with board for 2,
$50 mo.; Eingle. with board. $25 up; special
farpily rates; Just renovated.
! CALIFORNIA. S07 — Best rooms, table and ser-
j __ vice ln th0 city for the least money.
; ELLIS. 4.V.— SplendH single rooms with best
of French table board; reasonable.
I GEARY. 704 — Board and room ln a private
family: reasonable; also rooms.
; HARRISON. 570 — Large sunny rront room;
water: parlor, piano, bath; with-without brd.
* . i .
LARGE, beautiful, sunny double rooms, with
J fc^ard : J^fj^rjJn- water. 306 Leavenworth.
' A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The W<*kly~CalI
lo pagoF. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year!
DIVIDEHD KOTICES.
' DIVIDEND notice — Mechanics' Savlngs~Bank"
southwest corner Uush and Montgomery sts
For the half year ending with December 31,
VM)i. a dividend has been declared at the
rate of three and one-quarter (3V4) p*r cent
r*r annum on all deposit.", free of taxes, pay-
able en ard after Tuesday. January 3, 11)05.
Deposits bear Interest from date received
FREDERICK H. CLARK. Cashier.
j DIVIDEND Notice — tan Francisco" and Pubur-
; ban Home Building Society. 5th floor. Mutual
1 £av:nB» Bank buiiainn, lOS Market st.. op-
! potite Third st. — Fcr the halr-yi-ar ending
; December 31. 1304, a dividend has been de-
clared at the rate ser annum of ten do) per
i cent on capital stw-k and participating cer-
! tincate*. flee from taxes', payable on and
: after Monday .T&nuarv 2, 1905.
JOSEPH A. LEONARD, Manager
J. M. DUKE. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Calircrnla Safe Deposit
I and Trust Company, corner California and
! Montgomery ttb.— Kcr the six months ending
Decemter •"!. Jl'04. dividends have been de-
clarcd on the «Jepcf!i:s ia the Eavlngs depart-
iv>#nt ot this company as follov.-s: On term
deposits, at the rat» r.f 3 tt-io ser cent' per
annum, and en era. nary deposits at the rat-
cf 3 per cent per annum, free of taxes, and
j pcyabie on and «ftcr Tuesday, Januarv 3
1005. 3. DAI.ZKLL BROWN. Manager. '
DIVIDEND Notice — San Francisco Savlnss
Union, 5.-J2 California st., cor. Webb— For the
! half-year endins with the olst of December
i 11*04. a dividend has been declared at tho
rate r?r annum cf three and one-half QK)
i ptr cent on term deposits, and three <3> per
cent on ordinary deposits, free of taxes
payable on en-! oft»-r Tuesday, Januarv a'
HH*. LOV'i::.L WHITE. Caenier. '
DIVIDEND NOTICE— srutual Savings Bank of
Szn Francisco. 710 Market st.— For the half-
year en.Aing DeoemUr 81. 1004, a dividend
lias been declared at the rate of three and
one-<iuarter <3',i) l<er cent per annum- on all
deposits. rr«v> of taxe?, payable on and after
; Tuesday, January 3 VMS. GEORGE A
STORY, cashier. ,:.--
j THE Continental Building and Loan Associa-
tion of 301 California st.. San Francisco
j I ais declared a dividend for the six months
■ pmlinif December 31, U<0*. of 5 per cent per
; annum (J n ordinary d*nc.=lts; (i per cent on
term deuo*lt.\ and 7 per cent on class "F"
j Installment stock. DR. WASHINGTON
i -i^ ge - President; WM. CORBIN. secretary.
! FRENCH Kavin-s Bank— For the *lx months
ending December 31, l»04, a dividend has
been declared at the rate of three and one-'
quarter CJli) ptr cert per annum on all Ce-
po«lU, free of taxes, payable on or after
January 3. 1305. LEON BOCQUERAZ. sec-
DIVIDEND Notice— The German Savings and
Loan Society. 628 California «.— For tho
half-year endlne December 31. 1904, a dlvi- ;
dend has been declared at the rate of three i
and one-quarter <3U) j«r cent per annum
on all deposit* free of taxes, payableon
and after Tuesday. January 3 1&05
GEORGE TOURNY. Secretary. .
LEGAL NOTICES. —~
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. Dec. 15 1904 —To
whom It may concern: Be it hereby known
that the copartnership heretofore existing
between D. J. O'HARA and F. J MOVA
HAN, under the firm name of MONAHAN'
O'HARA & CO.. Is hereby dissolved The
said D. J. O'HARA withdrawing from the
said concern and his name discontinued
DANIEL J. O'HARA. F. J. MONAHAn"
I. LLOYD LANGFORD. having sold my Inter-
est In the Cloud-Langford Co. cor.' Post and
Fillmore sts.. give notice that I will not be
responsible for any Indebtedness. LLOYD
LANGFORD.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALU, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 21. 1904.
SEWIITO MACHINES A3fP BTTFPUES.
IF you buy a White for a' Christmas rift you
make no mistake; you not only get the best
sewing machine on earth, but also a beauti-
ful and useful Christmas present. White
Co.'s office, 915 Market st.
ALL makes; 2d hand. $2, $5. $7. $9; new.$4, $8-
drop lieads. 6 drawer, golden oak. $15; rented,
repaired; lowest rates. National Automatic
S. M. Ca. 145 Sixth St.; tel. Jessie 3798.
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use; best
Is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates.- Domes-
tlc office. 1021 Market st., hear 81xth.
ALL kinds second-hand $3, $5, $3- slightly
used $10, $15, $20; you know where the dolls
swing In the window. 1051 Market st.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. CHAS. PLAMBECK. 1015 Mission st.
AND WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM^t^ra^rXvan~Co?Tfurnltur«T
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard et.. nr. Third; phone Grant 16L
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co., 3 Eddy St.:
phone Mint 2941; JOHN F. COOPER, pres. ;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE -RODOLPH Storage & Moving Ca, of-
flce Post and Powell sta; t«l. Prl. Ex. 57L
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving; Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st.; phone Jackson 28L
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Main 1840. .Shipping at cut rates.^
gj STOP DHINKISTG. ~~~
GUARANTEED cure; send^OOc'.tabiet^forml
mailed ln plain package; haa cured thou-
sands. L. L. C. CO.. 417 Hayward bldg.. 8.F.
___ FATEHTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-Iaw. 6 Hobart bldg.. 532 Market at.
AITD SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No.~l
Smith Premier, $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices ; rentals $2 50. Th»
Type writer Exchange, 530 California st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co.. 508 Market.
STUTTERING AND STAMMEBINO.
EXPANSION OF MELBOURNE^SCHOOLS^
Downtown, 521 Franklin, near McAllister, 8
to 12. Open-air school. 810 Diamond St.; tel.
Capp 5173; 1 to 5 p. m. Details at either.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses were issued yesterday as
follows :
George H. Bill, 21. 871 Turk etreet. and
Minnie F. Naegle. 18. 301 Leavenworth street.
Hllam E. Vausrhan, 24, Sites, and Ida L.
Mills, 25, Glasgow, Ky.
Harry Kerslake. 32. Portland. Or., 'and
Sarah A. Ellis. 34, Portland, Or.
Jose Gonzalea, 45, Halfmoon Bay, and Mary
Ventura, 20. Halfmoon Bay.
Thomas H. Dittman, 27, 529 Buena
ave., and Ruby M. Ryan, 21, 1615 Leavenworth.
Eugene A. .Shores. 34. Tacoma, Wash., and
Maude B. Elmer, 26,. city.
Thorwald Andereon, 33, 100% Sixth street,
and Olive Penn. 37. 872 Mission street.
James B. White, 38, 119 Fourth etreet, and
Mary Mott. 45, 119 Fourth street.
George Reckenbeil 26, 663 Ash avenue, and"
Maud Benner, 21. 2703 Marlposa street.
Van Zandt Hedley, 38, Berkeley, and Mabel
H. Cope. 25. 114 Pace street.
Charles A. Bomberg, 4.8. city, and Elizabeth
McQuade, 43. city.
Lewij T. Parker, 21. Mill Valley, and Flos-
sie M. McConaha, 18. 3880 Twenty-third street.
J. Klergan Mallory, 24, , Santa Rosa, and
Lena H. Showalter, 19, Stockton.
Oocar Bloomfleld. 32. 30^ Moss street, and
El lee Rubinstein. 26, 30% Moss etreet.
Harrv M. Turner, 24. 230 Kearny street, and
Maud B. Vasquez, 23, 230 Kearny street.
Charles C. Rising, 25, 1274 Union street, and
Belle Vasquez. 24, 1274 Union street.
Abraham L. Harbin. 42. 404 Broadway, and
Emily L. Obershaw. 34, 715 Howard street.
George L. Hamilton. 21, Sacramento, and
Nellie T. Kelg. 18, Sacramento.
Adolph C. Conrad. 26. Alameda, and Florence
M. Stelnweg. 19. 150 Colllngwood street.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published. '
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published.- once in .this column
free of charee. " '
MARRIED.
ARMSTRONG— REYNOLDS=^In this city.
, December 13, 1904, by the Rev. Frank
Stuart Ford. James J. Armstrong and Emma
Reynolds, both of San Jose, Cal.
BECKER— GROSSMANN— In this city. De-
cember IS, 1004. by the Rev. Paul Branke.
Oscar Becker and Marie Grossmann, both of
this city.
BENSON— PLATO— In this city, December 10,
1W.4. William H. Benson and Myrtle M.
Plato.
CHAPELL— VINCENT— In this city. Decem-
ber 17. ifMH, by the Rev. Frank Stuart Ford.
Walter W. Cha^ell of San Francisco and
Ethel Vincent" ot Portland, I Or.
CHIPMAN— BURGE— In this city. December
IS, 1JH14. by the Rev. George W. White, pas-'
tor Central M. E. Church, George Chipman
or Tet=lF. Cal.. and Mabel Agnes Burge of
San Francisco.
GARRETT— ANDERSON— In this . city. De-
cember 17. 11)04. by the Rev. Frank Stuart
Ford. George H. Garrett of Pan Francisco
and Laura Vera Anderson of Piainficld, Wis.
HAMMOND— SCHULTZ — In this • city. De-
cember 20, 1004, by the Rev. Geofge W.
White, pastor Central M. E. Church. Joshua
. K. Hammond of Coronado Beach, Cal., and
Anna <_J. .Shultz of Omaha. Nebr.
JOHNSON— GRIGSBY— In this city, December
17.. li)04, by the Rev. George W. White, pas-
ter Central M. E. Church, Walter O. Johnscn
an«i Gertrude M. Grlgsby, both of San Fran-
* clsco.
OELGART— SMITH— In this city. December
1U. 1004, by the Rev. George W. ■ White, pas-
tor Central M. E. Church. William Oelgart
and Ella H. Smith, both of Sulphur Creek
Cal.
WORKS— CHAPMAN— In this city, December
18, 1904, by the Rev. Frank Stuart Ford,
Rollo II. Works of Portland. Or., and Altha
E. Chapman of San Francisco.
DIED.
Badger, Mary E. — 70 Lemcke, August
Benedict, Sophia C. Linegan. Mary — 72
Benson. Edith — 1!4 'Mclntosh. Chas. F. — 19
UriBharn.Harriet R.—S4 McNeil. Mrs M.— 69
Cotter, William — « Mollestad. Jorgen — JO ,
De Calderon, Dolores C. Moore, Margaret— 00
Dodge, Ronald E. — 31 INordlund, Ollne — 65
Elliot, Charles E. iPfelffer. George R. — 15
Finn <or Flannlgan), .Sheehan, Margaret — li\i
Joanna— 70 Shores, Samuel B.— 1:8
Grasell, s Walter — 15 ISmith, George W. — 39
Hawkins. Mary — 07 |Strong. Ell — 75
Jennings. Patrick IThpmpson. Capt Wal-
Kendrick, Jean — S3 ter J. 52
Leonhardt. Helen — 7 Tiernan. Richard— 75
months.
BADGER — On Thirteenth avenue, near Oak-
. lard, Cal.. December 19, 1004. Mary Eliza-
beth Badger of Redwood Canyon, * beloved
wlte of David Badser, mother ot William
Fowler of Rocky Ridjte, Contra Costa County
and slFUr of Mrs. Minerva Einslie of Cas-
par, Mtndoclno County, Cal., a native of
Nova Scotia, aged 70 years.
BENEDICT— In this city, December 20 190J
Sophia 'C, beloved wife of C. S. Benedict'
mother of Egbert J. Benedict, and sister of
Charles C. Judson, a native of New York
CTThe funeral services will be held to-
day (Wednesday), at 3 o'clock p. m., at the
chapel at Cypress Lawn Cemetery. Inter-
ment strictly private.
BENSON — In Oakland, Cal., December 19
19C4. Edith, beloved wife of George Ben«on'
mother of Jesse Benson, daughter of the late
Je?se Kays and Mrs. F. Tonn. and sister of
Mrs. T. J. Flynn and Jesso Kays, a native
of Oakland, Cal., aged 21 years 4 - months
and 2H days. (Boston and New York papers
plcape copy.) •
in?" Friends and acquaintances ' arc respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday),' at 2:30 p. m.. from her late
residence. 013 Alice street. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery, Oakland.
,BRIGHAM— In Frultvale, Cal., December 19
1904,' Harriet- R. Brigham. beloved sister of
Mrs. T. II. Allen, a native of New York
a~ed Si years. '
COTTER — In this city December 19,' 1904
William, dearly beloved son of / James and
Catherine Cotter, and brother ofi Thomas J
and Elizabeth Cotter, a native or San F-an-
I Cisco, aged 0 years 7 months and 4' day*
; (EJ'Frlends and acquaintances are re«p«?ct-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 12:30 p. m.. from the resi-
dence of his parents. 72234 Clementina street
thence to St. Joseph's Church for services
at.l p. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DE CALDERON— In this city, December 19
1904. Dolores C. de Calderon. beloved mother
of Dr. Eustorjio Calderon. a native of Sal-
vador.
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-'
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
HENRY J. CALL ACHE* CO?
(Successors to Flannaeran & Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mrr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
Funeral Directors '• and . Embalmers—— —
Formerly in Metropolitan Temple,
NOW at 866 MISSION. Tel. South l«7. c
Between Fourth and Fifth, .near Fifth «C "
> Finest Equipment* at Moderate Rates.
to-day (Wednesday), at 11:30- a. m.. at
the residence of her «on. 61* Mason strtt.
DODGE^ — In this city, December 20. 1904.''
Ronald E. Dodge, beloved husband of Anno
L. Dodge, and father of Mervyn F. Dodge,
a native of San . Francisco, aged 31 year*
i months and 27 days.
ELLIOT— In Santa Barbara, Cal., December
18. 1904, Charles E~ Elliot, father of
Georgie, Rose and Emery Elliot, and
brother of Mra. Grov* Ayers.
. ETServiceij at Gray's Parlors, 353 Sutter
street, at 2 p. m.. Wednesday, i Interment
Btrlctlr wivate.
FINN (or FLANNIGAN)— In this city. De-
cember 20, • 1904, Joanna Finn (or Flannlgan),
a native of t Ireland, aged 76 years.
GRASELL— In thlB city December 20, 1904, i
Walter, beloved eon of. Charles and the late;
Ollie Grasell, and brother of Fred, Charles.
Georjse and Edward Grasell; a native of
California, aged 15 years 5 months and 18
days.
■ C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fHlly invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 a. m. from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2475 Mission street, near Twenty-flrst.
interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
HAWKINS— In West Oakland December 18.
1904.- Mary, beloved wife of the late Thomas
Hawkins, I and mother of May, Thomas J.
and C. W. Hawkins and Mrs. J. Rodger, a
native of County Longford Ireland, aged 6i
years 6 months and 8 days.
ETFtlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Wednes- j
day, December 21 1904 at 1:30 p. m., from !
her late residence. 1115 Willow street. I
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where serv- |
ices will be held at 2 p. m. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery, Oakland
JENNINGS— In this city. December 20, 1904,
Patrick, beloved husband of Elizabeth Jen- ■
nlngs. and father of Margarita Peter O. and
Gilbert H. Jennings and brother of Peter
9 and Catherine Jennings a native of County
Galway. Ireland.
■ • E7".Ftiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 a. m.. from his late ■
residence. 95 Dorland street, between Seven-
teenth and Eighteenth thence to Mission Do-
lores Church, where a requiem mass will be I
celebrated for the repose of his soul at 9
a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. !
KENDRICK — In this city, December 19, 1904.
Jean Kendrick beloved mother of Miss j
• Josephine Kendrick, Mrs. Sarah E. Mac- |
Farland and Mr. Rodney Kendrick. a native |
of Canadfe. aged 83 years 0 months and 4
days. (Buffalo, N. Y. and<Toronto, Oniarlo,
papers please copy.)
IC7Friends are i:ivited to attend the funeral ;
services Wednesday, December 21. at 11 :
a. m.. from her late residence, 3346 Clay j
street. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery. |
LEMCKE — In this city December 10. 1904, |
August, beloved husband of Lulu Lemcke
(nee Graham), and father of Edna Lemcke,
a native of Germany. :
(^Friends and acquaintances and mem-
bers of the Barbers' Protective Union are re- ;
spectfully invited to attend the funeral to-
day (Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock p. m., ■
from Westminster Presbyterian Church, cor-
ner Page and Webster streets. Interment ;
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by carriage. Re-
mains at the residence, 34'J Hickory avenue. !
LEONHARDT— In this city. December 20 !
1904, Helen, beloved daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Walter H. Leonhardt, a native of Sau
Francisco, aged 7 months and 21 days.
LINEGAN— In this city, December 19, 1904,
Mary Linegan, a native of Ireland, aged 72
years. !
McINTOSH— In this city December 20, 1904. '
Charles F. Mclntosh, a native of New York I
City, aged 40 years. A member of San Fran- I
Cisco Mailers' Union, No. 18. (Melbourne,
Aus., papers please copy.)
MeNEIL— In this city, December 20, 1904, Mrs.
Maria McNeil, wife of the late Peter Me-
Nell; and mother of D. J. Shine and the late j
Mrs. May White, aged 69 years. ;
ICyNotlce of funeral hereafter. j
MOLLESTAD— In thla city? December 19, 1904, j
Jorgen Mollestad, . brother of Andrew M. I
Mollestad, a native of Sweden, aged 40 1
years. ;
[ETRemains at the mortuary chapel of |
the Golden Gate Undertaking Company, 2475 |
Mission street, near Twenty-flrst. - j
MOORE— In Oakland, Cal.. December 20, 1904, I
Margaret Moore, beloved wife of the late |
John Moore, and mother of Owen F. Moore, i
Mrs. M. A. Hogan and Mrs. John Hogan, j
a native of County Roscommon, Ireland, aged j
65 years. j
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect- :
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow I
(Thursday), at 8:30 a. m., from 1780 Dwln- j
elje street, thence to St. Patrick's Church, \
San Francisco, where a requiem high mass ■■
will be celebrated for the repose of her ooul, |
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy \
Cross Cemetery.
NORDLUND— In this city, December 20, 1904, '
j Ollne, beloved wife of Guldbrand J. Nord- ;
lund, a native of Norway, aged ti5 years and |
1 month. j
- CT" Friends are respectfully invited to at- ,
tend the funeral to-morrow (Thursday), at
10::t0 a. m.. at the parlors of Craig, Cochran j
6 Co., 429 Golden Gate avenue, between Polk
and Lai kin streets. Interment Cypress Lawn J
Cemetery. Remains at her late residence. :
f.20 Sixth street, until 9:30. Thursday. De- !
• ■ ceniber 22. J
PFEIFFER— In. thla city. December 18. 1904, !
George Rudolph, beloved son of Rudolph and j
Emma Pfeiffer. and brother of Francis A., :
Leslie R. and Myrtle J. Pfeiffer, a native j
of San Francisco, aged 15 years 6 months
and IS days. '
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect- •
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Wednesday. December 21. 19C4. at 1:30 p. m., I
■ at the mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate !
Undertaking ' Company 2175 Mission street, i
near .Twenty-flrst. Interment Mount Olivet i
. Cemetery. I
SHEEHAN— In this city. December 20, 1904, j
Margaret, beloved wife of Daniel Sheehan, i
mother of Margaret. John, Daniel, Mary, j
~ Edward and Joseph Sheehan, daughter of
Bridget anil the late John Costello, and sis- i
• ter of Catherine Costello and Mrs. Joaeph I
McTiRue, a. native of Ix>u!sville, Ky., aged •
30 yecr« and 11 months.
CTFrlendf) and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at it :3u o'clock, from her Ittte
residence, 54 Duboce avenue, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where services will be j
held at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross j
Cemetery. j
SHORES— In this .city. December 18, 1904, I
Samuel Bracken, beloved husband of Sarah !
May Shores, and son of Samuel and Emma"
B. Shores, a native of Ithaca, N. Y.. aged i
. 28 years 4 months and 5 days. (Ithaca and]
Blnghamton papers please copy.) j
E?*Fiiond9 and acquaintances are respect- j
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day i
--'(Wednesday), at H> o'clock a. m., from his:
lato residence. 23 Bartlett street, thence by
electric funeral car from corner Eighteenth
and Guerrero streets, at 10:30 a. m., to :
Mount Olivet Cemetery. |
SMITH— In Oakland, Cal.. December 17, 1904,1
George W., beloved husband of Barbara
Smith, a native of Ohio, aged 39 years. i
STRONG— In San Leandro, Ca!.. December 20, I
lt»04. Ell Strong, beloved husband of Amanda
Strong, and father of Alfred, Benjamin and
Robert Strong and Mrs." E. Dolan and Mrs. i
T. Hearty, a native of Illinois, aged 73'
years.
THOMPSON— In this city, -December 20, 1004,
Captain Walter J., beloved husband of
Helen M. Thompson, and father of Laura
and Walter J. Thompson and Mrs. F. E. !
Kuhl and the late George A. .Thompson ai
native of Glasgow. Scotland.* aged 62 years
7 months and 20 days. (Glasgow and Dublin
papers iileaae copy. )
ICTFriendB and acquaintances are respect-
• fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:T5O a. m., from his late resi-
dence. WL'5 Turk street, thence to Holy
Cro?s Church, where a-, solemn requiem 'mass
will be, celebrated for the repose of his soul
commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment
•. St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
TIERNAN— In this city. December 19, 1904,
■ Richard, beloved husband of Bridget Tier-
nan, and father of Mrs. J. Yates, Mrs. J.
Fay, Mrs. P. Owen and George, Charles,
Howard and Richard Tiernan, a native of
New York, ascd 73 years.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 8:00 a. tn. from his late
residence, 2637 Mission etreet, thence to
St. Peter's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose or
his soul, at 9 a. m. Interment Holy Cross
■ Cemetery.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Pnge Fifteen.
WATER. STOCKS.
Contra Costa 28 — ■ | Port Costa... — —
Marin Co — T>9%\S V Wat Co. 39% 39%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P., 3% 41JJS F O & E. 54% 66
Mutual B L. 10 .llHIStkn O & E. — 5V,
Pac L Co... 59}i — . |u G & E Co. — —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd. — 340 {
BANK STOCKS. .i ~~ '
Am Nil Bk..l30 — |L P & A. ...152 —
Anglo- Cal ..-88 ; 90 |Mer Trust.... — 230
Bank of Cal.420 425 Merch Ex.... 60 —
Cal Safe Dp.152 — Is F National. — —
First Nationl — — y : .
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.2330. — ,Sav & L So.. 100
Hum S & L. — — • ISec Sav Bit.. — 424
Mutual Sav. 90Vi — (Union T Co.. — 3300
S F Sav U. 610 675' | /
STREET , RAILROADS.
California .-200 — IPresidlo ..... — 41
Geary .. — 50 1
' POWDER.
Giant ...... 62% C3V41Vi K orlt ...... 3 4U
: . SUGAR.
Hawaiian C. 73*4 — IMakawell C. — —
Honokaa S C IR ■ 19 lOnomea S C. 32*; 33
Hutch S P C 14% ]"» lPaauhau»S C 20?i 21
Kllauea S C. 4% ,0 |
MISCELLANEOUS. .
Alaska P,A.93% — | Oceanic S Co. — dV,
car f c a: — ,nn%iPac;Aux fa. av, ~
Cal Wine A. — 85 |Pao C - Borx. — , 157*4
MV& MtTm. 95 1C2 |Pac S Tel Co.107 . —
V; . ; ' u"."- sales.- -.."..
. . Morning . Session.% ■
Board—' '
. 205 Honokaa IS Co ............... IS 00 " ■
75 Honokaa S Co 18 25
50 Honokaa S Co cash 18 25
75 Paauhau 8 P Co 20 75
5 Pao States Tel & Tel Co. cash.107 00
85 Spring Valley Water Col..... 39 50
$5.C0O Pacific Electric Ry 5 per cent.. 105 00
$2,000 Oceanic 3 S Co 5 per cent. .". . 71 00
$2, COO S P Cat 1st con 5s (stamped). 103 25
Street—
$3,000 Hawaiian Coral & Sugar 6a.. 101 50
Afternoon Session.
Board — .
, 10 Alaska Packers' Association... 93 75
5 Alaska Packers' Association... 93 62^4
50 Paauhau S P Co... 20 75
225 Spring Valley Water Co 39 50
$1,000 S P Branch Ry 6 per cent. .135 25
$2,000 U R o f S F 4 per cent, b 3. S8 00
$2,000 U R of S F 4 per cent 88 00
■ Street —
$5,000 S P Cal 1st con 5s (stamped). 108 25
$9,000 S P Branch Ry 6 per cent.... 135 25
$10,000 U S 4s' coupon (new) 131 00
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 6s. — 100V4ISF & NP 5S.112H —
B L Wat 6s. — 114Va|S P C R 4s. — 99
Cal NW 5s.. — 113% S P Co 4%a. 99J4100%
M C Wat Ss.100 — |Sun Tel 6s...U4H —
Rls I Wks5s — 105 Do 5s . 106 —
SF Drdk 5s. 112 — ISuttr-st R5s.l04 —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... 23 25. jMat Nav Co. 70 —
Amer Bis Co — 90 (Nev Nat Bk.200 208
Cal Cot Mils 80 — IN Cal P Co. — 9%
Cal G&ECor. 49 50%;oak Bk Sav.120 —
C Jockey C1.110V4112VilOak T Con.. 75 —
Cal Powder.. 130 145 HOOF Hall A 6tt —
Cal Ship Co. — 21 lOrpheum Co. — 16J4
Cal T I & T — 155 IPacC Cas Co.l2S —
Cen Bk. Oak 60 67«/a!Pac Sur Co. 105 —
Chutes Co .. — 6 IParaf Paint.. 30 —
City & C Bk — 120 |s F Drydock. — 6B
Cyp L Imp.. — . 6%|SF&SJ Coal. 17*4 20
East Dynm.. — 375 |S J Wat Co.lffl% —
DptPwd com 40 50 |KO & MTgbt.125 — •
FN Bk Oak.120 — ISwlss-A Bk..l20 —
Fischer Thtr — 1% Truck Elect.. — 12%
Frnch-A Bk.106 — Union Sugar. — 31
Hono P Co.. — 31 UR InC pfd. 65% 67%
Do pool . . — .".0 | . Do com ... 17 — .
'Lon&'SF Bk ES CO I
Catffornin Stock and Oil Exchange.
Oil Stocks— Bid. Asked.
Apollo 35 40
Associated Oil Co. Trst Cert. 2rt 27
California-Standard 18 19
Caribou 6 00 10 00
Coalings & Pacific 50 ....
Forty 4fl ....
Four 55 ....
Hanf ord 200 5O
Home 4(> 45"
Independence 32 ....
Kern 5 12H
Kern (New) SO
Monte Cristo .* 77^ SO
Occidental of W. Va 08
Senator 70
Sovereltm 34
Sterling 2 00 2 6O
Superior i 05 ....
Thirty-Three 800 825
Twenty-Elcht 13 00
Miscellaneous —
Associated OH Co. Bonds 88 00
Board —
500 Home 4O
500 Monte Cristo ~~H '
240t» Oil City Petroleum fi8
2OO Monte Cristo 8O |
f>O0 California Standard 18 i
1000 Four 56
Afternoon Session.
15? Associated Oil 28
100 Monte Cristo «... 8O
25« Forty Oil ! 43 :
250 Forty Oil 45 |
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE. ;
Following were the sales on the San Fran^*|
cIeco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday: ;
Morning Session — Comstocks. j
2C0 Andes 17 1 200 Hale & Norc. 97 \
200 Belcher 17| 200 Mexican 1 00 I
200 Best & Belch. 90 150 Ophlr 2 90
250 Caledonia 40; 600 Ophlr 2 05
200 Challenge ... 19 100 Seg Belcher... 03
W10 Chollar 2l| 4C0 Sierra Nev 37
450 Con Cal & V.I 40I13C0 Union Con 44'
400 Gould & Cur. 1G| 100 Union Con.... 43 i
: V .; Afternoon Session — Comstocks. ,
SCO Best & Belch. 00! 400 Ophlr 3 20 I
50 Caledonia 39i SOU Ophlr 3 25 ,
1 100 Chollar 22| 200 Potoai 18 j
200 Chollar 21 11300 Savage ....... 18
COO Con Cal & V.I 50| 500 Seg Belcher... 03
200 Hale & N'orc. 97I2C00 Sierra Nev 3:>
300 Hale & Norc. 08' 300 Sierra Nev.... 40
SCO Mexican 1 10| 2C0 Silver Hill 19
1000 Mexican I 05| 200 Syndicate .... 20
100 Ophir 3 151'SOCO Union Con 45,
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. •
Bid.Ask.i BId.Ask. I
Alpha 09 lllJulia 0« 08
Alta 04 i:«! Justice 08 10
Andes 16 r 1'lKentuck 01 02
Belcher 17 18.* ady Wash .. 02 04
Best & Belch. 8S OOlMextcan 1 00 1 05
Bullion ...... 10 22IOccIdental ... 78' 9i
Caledonia 38 40IOphir 3 15 3 20
Challenge ... 17 10;Overman 0« 07
Chollar 21 22[Potosl 1U 14
Confidence ... 70 sOi.Scorplon 1O 11
Con Cal & V.I 40 1 45iSavage 17 18
Con Imperial. 01 02 Seg Belcher... 03 04
Con NY 02 at|Sierra Nev 38 39
Crown Point.. KJ lMSUver Hill 58 60
Eureka Con.. — fOlSt. Louis .... — 07
Exchequer ... 45 46[3yndicate .... 10 22"
E. Sierra Nev 0.T 0.1! Union Con 44 46
Gould & Cur. 1<J IS.Utah (tt 04
Hale & Norcl 00 I C5| Yellow Jacket. 13 14
TONOPAH AND GOLDFIELD STOCKS. j
Morning Session. j
SCO C Eureka.. 1 57 Vi 1 3500 Rescue 03
4000 Esperanza ... 01 1 250 Sandstorm ... 40
100 Esperanza ... 02| 200 Toft Belmont.. 6S
1100 Goldfleld 851 100 Ton Exten .3 00
100 Jumbo 61 25 Ton of Nev. .9 75
4C0 Ray & O'Brien 06! j
Afternoon Session.
5M) Bullfrog Mln. Kl I200O Red Top IS :
100 GoMfleld 8<»<2C0O Sandstorm ... 40
4(X) Goldfteld 84(5500 Sandstorm ... 41
1.-.C0 MacNamara . 2li 500 Ton Exten ...3 00
300 Ray & O'Brien 0:3 1 500 Ton Gold Mt. 13'
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Tonopah.
BId.Ask.! Bid. Ask !
Ton of Nev. .9 25 9 5d|Rescue 06 07
Mont Ton ...I 87 1 UOITon & Cal 15 l :
Ton Exten ..3 00 — I Ray & O'Brien 05 of
MacNamara . 24 25lPaymaster ... 0.1 04
Ton Midway.. 34- :i5!Mlzpah Ex . . 1«»
Ton Belmont.. tIS 71|Llttle Ton .. — ?,7
TonN Star... 22 24 1 Esperanza ..'.. Ot ir>
Ton Ohio .... 20 23;GoId Anchor.. — »n
West End ... 12 — tQalncy 11 _
Ton Gold Mt. 13 14|n Y Ton Con 10 11
Goldfleld. --
Sandstorm -.. 41 42J.Black Butte . 15 19
Red Top .... IS 191 Booth G M Co 10
Goldneld Mhk 16 — I Blue Bull ... 15 «>o
Columbia 20 22 Adams .,. 10 11
Diamon<Ifleld. — 26 Silver Pick " la
Jumbo... 00 61 May Queen 16 -.
Jumbo Ex . . 22 24|Nevada Boy 17 _
Vernal Min .. 33 — Orlg Bullfrog. 11
Pennsylvania OS 10' Bullfrog Mln 60 —
Goldfleld P0 Sl|Mlk Butte Ex 10 —
Kendall 20 22$outh Western 60 —
Oakland 25 toy
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday- '
Mornlnsr Session. " I
170O Bullfrog Min. 60|l000 N Y Ton Con 11
1000 Free Gold M. 151 00O Red Tor? ir
100 Goldfleld Mln. 8t5| *0ciO PenrAyivanin " in i
100 M.-cNamara . 2.111000 Sandstorm to ■
1200 Mont Ton ...1 *5! 2OO Ton Belmont" '?>
450 Mont Ton.. 1 82141 000 Ton Midway' ' 'hi
2000 N Y Ton Con 1311500 Ton N Star %
, Afternoon Session. * ~" J
1000 Bullfrog Mln. 6O|200O Pennsylvania in
2000 Bullfrog Mln. 01|fi500 Red Ton 1?
5C0 Free Gold M. I4I100O Red Tod 10
1 f 100 Gold Mt Con. 1412000 'Rescue " o? ]
f>00 Jumbo ...:... eo|3000 Sandstorm'"/ 40
100 JIacNamara . 23» 10O Ton Belmont ~o
llOO Mont Ton.. 1 87% 100 Ton & Cal ?n
200O N Y Ton Con 14I10O0 Ton OoM Mt* ?2
3000 N Y Tan Con 1SI100O Ton Midway \\
2600 Paymaster ... M(2700 Ton N Star 23 i
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. " ""
.Bid. Ask. Tim ' a.i,
Adams 09 — MacNamara . . A' ?i
Austin G M. 30 — Mlzpah Ex C5 i
Black Ants .. C5 — iMont Ton i«V(id'
Black Butte 17 13'Nev Ooldfleld 10 '_ I
Booth G M. 10 — NY T Con M r
Bullfrog Min. (10 —(Paymaster . m fti
Colehan — HlPennsylvanla 10 1 1 '
Columbia >.'. .. 21 — lPlneOrov e in "
DiamondfleH.. 21 — iRay Exten " m'
Dixie ,Mln .. . < — 20|Ray & O'Brien' 0% rw '
Esperanza ... 01 02|Red Top 17 ?2<
Free GoM M. — 13! Rescue ...'.'" O f! nr •
Gold Crter Ex 10 20|Rothwell G M 1O rl '
Gold Anchor. 20 21 1 Sandstorm *» '
Go'.dfleH B Bl — O'JTon Belmont!! 70 77
GoWfleld Dmd — lOlTon & Cal _ ii
OoUlfleld Min. Srt OOlTon Cnsh Boy Ofl in
Gldfld Red Li 05 OOlTon Exten '•> 7ft » m
Oo'rtflel-1 P Pk 16 IP'Ton Gold Mt 14 ' i
fToklfleld Ton. — nnlTon Midway; .'■ 34 v,\
OoM Mt Con. — 02!Ton of -• Nev 6 BO 10 00
Hazel Kirk .. — 12ITon N Star ■] «« S2
Jim Butler .. HO MI'Tnited Ton — : i«
Jumbo, -......' 04 —(Utopia ....." \n 1
Uttle Ton .. — 45!v»rnal Mln" IT ~l
Lurky Bidwn 05 lOIWeat End 10 20
REAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
TUESDAY." DECEMBER 20.
Mary Smith* to Mary Stein. lot on S line
of Oak street. 137:0 W of Octa via W 30-6
by, S 120; ? 10. ., < V - .
Frederick Ryden to Emma Ryden lot on W
Ella " F. ■: Park t to Louise N. Wllkins et al
lot on NE corner of Paclflc and Pierce street*'
E 37:6, by; N, 127:8*4; also lot on NE. corner
of Battery and . Clay streets, E 46:11 bv ' v
45:10;. $ltt ;,.-. - . .,.. ;.*■.-..
• Clara K., Sutro (formerly Kluge) to Joseph
Cr.lnger. lot.on«fi line of Grattan street." 136-6
10 of Stanyan, • E : 25. S 101, , SW- 30-S% N
110; $10.' /■ ' ,r . ■ -■ "*,
(.*. Same; to Josenh- 3^ c«i^— .- lot on a' Una of
Grattan street. 111:6 E of 8t*nyan, B. 23. 8
11J>, SW 3O:3V4, N 137; *10- _ n «.nlel J.
Thomaa F. Murray to Isabel C. 1 £f 1 " 1 _ J 3
Thomas F. and~ Mary M. Murray, lot on.^J
line of Geary street. 242 W of 8telner. W a
P&Et\ k". to William A. Klc. lot on B
line of Valencia street. 55 N of Twenty-third.
N Alfred Borei to Fabian Joost Comi»any. lot
on NE corner of Twenty-sixth and Mission
streets, N 65 by B 115; *1O. xwlcwlth
Sarah L. Guterson to Nettle E.BeckwUn
lot on B line of Bartlett street, 195 S of Twen
ty-ftfth. S 27:6 by E 117:0; *10.
Isaac L. Salomon to Henrietta Salomon lot
on N line of Twenty-ninth street. 263.8 & oi
Dolores. E 27:1 by N 114; rift. *v«Ln]c
Edward E. and Annie J. Manseau to FrtnK
L. and Annie E. Fernandex. lot on W line or
Sanchez street. SO S of Duncan. S 25 by w
10 Benl?mln Healey to Christina D*^ 1 ?: lot
on S line of Twenty-seventh street. 103 > v
of Sanchez. W 25 by S 114; »10.
ElUabeth W. Humphrey (wife of £ £;» |?
Kobert Gibson, lot on N line of C*^ 0 " 11 *
street. 75 E of Larkln, E 25 by NJOtlO: $lfc
Robert Gibson to George Is. Didlon. same.
$10. a
Georse N. Didlon *t<> Robert and Anna 8.
Gibson, same; $10. ,,.
WUl/am and Mary MJlfcr to Clayton W.
HoUIaT lot on SE line of Clara street. 92:6 NE ;
of Fifth. NE 45 by SE 80; $10.
Charles A. and Nellie T. Ru'hton to Her
man and Kathe Selger. lot on E line of Tenth
* avenue. 225 N of California street, N 25 by i
Bay District Land Company to u »"«£ t f **£?
Bulldln*. Realty and Investment SoclKy-^loi
on W line of Third avenue, 25 S of B street. ,
8 25 by W 85; $10. " ._ Mn _
Horace B. Angell to McCarthy Company,
lot on E line of Nineteenth avenue. 276 J* or
Fulton street. N 75 by E 120; $10.
• McCarthy Company to Clara S. Tycnsen.
Albert Meyer to Harvey Long, lot on B line
of Twenty-first avenue, 250 N of I street.
N 37:6 by E 120; $10. _.,.,_
H. L. M. and M. A. Matthews to W llllam
Nicholson, lot on W line of Nineteenth ave
nue. 100 N of O street. N 10O by W 120: $10.
Isaac L. Salomon to Henrietta Salomon, lot
on W line of San Bruno road. 125 3 ot & n "'
man street, S 1«7:6. W I0O, S 7:6. W S».
N 175, E 120, lots 2 and 3. block 2. University |
Mound, $10. . _, _ ,.,. '
Stata of California (by Edward JlSmlth. ;
Tax Collector) to A. J. Pootz. lot 4, block 13.
Mlsslofc and Thirtieth streets extension: $2. j
Marine Construction Company to Interna
tional Sand Blast Company, all property, no :
real property described; . ■ ,^,__
John D. Murray, to Marine Construction i
Company, patent right; $10.
Marine Construction Company to Interna
tional Hand Blast Company, patent right; $10.
Patrick J. Grady to Frank J. Gilfether. lot
on S corner of Lisbon street and Brazil ave
nue, SE 25 by SW 100, block 29. Excelsior ,
Homestead: $10. ■' : .*J" . _. , '
R. and Anna Mayrisch to Abe and Charles .
Rosensteln. lot 23. block 5. tract A. People s ,
Homestead: $10. , . :
Gustav and Marie Mayrisch to same lots
22. 25 and 32 block 5. lot 27. block 8, lot 32. I
block 11. tract A, same; $10, • i
Adolph and Marie Mayrisch or Mayrteh to
name, lots IS 26. 27 and SI. block 5. lot 28. ■
block 8. lot 23. block 11. tract A. same; $10. I
George and Ernestine Nelle to same, lot |
24. block 5, lot 31. block 11, tract A, same; ,
S10 '
V. J. A. and Helen L. Rey to Helen M. Me- «
Cllntock <wlfe of H. J.) lot on W line of ■
Chenery street. 114 S of Thirtieth. S 11 by W
125. block 28. Falrmount: $10. .
Julius C. Rels to Eugene L. Swift. lot 1. •
block 4. Reis Tract; grant. ' . r
Thomas M. O'Connor to Lizzie W. O Connor, j
lot on NE line of Twenty-fifth avenue 75 NW j
of I street NW 150 by NE 100. block 466. Bay |
View Homestead: also lot on SW line of j
Twenty-second avenue, 30O SE of I street. SE
75 by SW 100 L'.ock 433, same; srant. !
Catherine Hughes to William J. Belt lot on ;
E line of Premise street. 125 N of Jefferson. |
25x70. lot S27. Gift Map 2; $10. «,,.,.!
State of California (by Edward J. Smith. |
Tax Collector) to O. H. Ferguson, lota 1638 to
1652. Gift Map 3; $25.
Builders' Contracts.
August and Hllma Adamson (owners) with
Ia. G Bergren (contractor), architect . All j
work" for a two-story frame building on lot
on W line of Noe street. 100 S of Liberty.
S 26:6 by W 110, Mission block 111; $4500.
Caleb Levensaler (owner) with A. 8. Ruch
(contractor), architect Harris Osborn— All work
for a two-story frame building on lot on E
line of Fair Oaks street. 122 S of Twenty
first, S 26 by E 117:8; $2969.
E W. Crellln (owner) with Fennell Bros,
(contractors), architect E. J. Vogel— -Grading,
concrete. Iron, steel and brick work for a six
story buildlns on let on S line of Mission
street 100 E of Fourth. E 25 by S 100: $12.28..
, Same owner with George R. Lang (con
tractor), architect same— Carpenter work,
glass, electric, plumbing.- hardware, rooting,
plastering, stairs for same on same; JSOo-.
Same owner with Otis Elevator Company
(contractors), architect same — Elevator worK
for same on same: $240O. .— -; ! - : 2_-; i-;-"'
Richard I. Whelan (owner) with M. V. Brady
contractor) architect T. J. Welsh— Excavating,
grading concrete and cement work, sidewalk,
brick work stone work, wrought' and cast Iron •
and steel work for a three-story brick ware
house on W line of Ninth street. 73 S of Har
rison. W 1C0 by 9 75. Miss#n Block 44; j
* l Same owner with G. H. and S. Walker fc<>n- I
tractors) architect same— Carpentry and Join
ery, hardware, glazing, plastering, sheet rion. |
metal work, painting, whitening, plumbing.
Msfltting and sewering: for same on same; .
SSS80 - /■ _1" » '■■
Solomon Friedmar. (owner) with Mager Bros,
(contractors), architect David C. Coleman—Ex
cavating, concrete, carpenter, mill work, stairs,
lathing plastering, tinning, electric work for
a three-story frame building (store and flats)
on S line of Sixteenth street. 80 W ox Capp.
W 25 by S 95:2%: $5025. |
Same owner with G. C. Sweeney (contractor),
architect same— Gasntting, water piping.
sowers, plumbing, for same on same: $.29.
Same" owner with N. Huok (contractor) ar
chitect same — Painting for same on same: S4.JO.
Ida S. Lewis (owner) with Matt \ . Brady
(contractor), architect Nathaniel Blaisdell— ,
Rough face brick work, bond Iron anchors anil (
cementing: for a three-story and basement brick
building on S corner of Bryant and Zoe street.
SW 125 by SE 105; $V3.2.~0.
Charles Holbrook (owner) with A. J. Mc-
Nlcoll Elevator Company (contractors), archi
tect same— All work fcr installation of eleva
tor and) lifts for a four-story and basement
building on N line of Sutter rtreet. 123 W of i
Sansome. W 122, N 137:6. E 122:6. S to begln
" I?' L.~ Randolph (owner) with Mangrum A ;
Otter (contractors) architects Cunningham & I
Politeo— Steam heating for a six-story and
basement brick building on W line of Mason
street. SO N of O'Farrell. N 85. W 103:1*,. S
11 "i E 23:lVi. N 30. E 80; $33C5.
Same* owner with Otis Elevator Company
(contractors), architects same — Electric pas
senger elevator for same on same; $2730.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
SAILED.
Tuesday. December 20.
Rtmr Santa Cruz. Alberts. Pigeon Point.
Schr Okanogan. Reid. Port Gamble.
Schr Borealis Samuelson. Columbia Klv er.
ISLAND PORT.
HONOLULU— Sailed Dec 20— Br itmr ;
Gaelic, for Yokohama. !
OCEAN STEAMERS. 1
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to Dec 20— Stmr j
Coptic, from San Francisco, via Honolulu, for |
Hongkong; stmr Deucalion, from Tacoma. for ,
Liverpool and Glasgow, rtmr Shawmut. from |
Tacoma tor Manila: stmr Tremont. frdm Ta- j
coma and Seattle, for Manila; »Unr Nlcodema.
from Portland. _ |
ANTWERP — Arrived Dec 20^ — Stmr Finland, j
from New York. ' „» „
GIBRALTAR — Arrived Dec 20— Stmr Nekar.
from New- York.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Dec 20— Stmr
Minnehaha J from New York.
NF.W YORK — Sailed Dec 20^ — Stmr Slavonia.
for N8i>le».
BREMEN— Arrived Dec 20— Stmr Kaiser
Wilhelm II. from New York, via Plymouth.
Cigar From ,King Edward.
One of King Edward's little human
weaknesses is said to be a fondness for
witnessing a flre.
A writer in the People's Friend tells
of bim that, when he was Prince of
Wales, one evening, on hearing the j
rush of fire engines passing, he fol
lowed them to see their operations. j
While looking on, he entered into
conversation with a reporter, who was |
taking note3 of Uhe occurrence, and
when about to return home again he
drew out his cigar case and afforded
the reporter a" cigar, which he willing
ly accepted, and, tearing out a leaf
from his notebook, proceeded care
fully to' roll it up.
On the Prince asking the reason for ;
his doing so, he replied: "I may i
never again have the honor of receiv
ing a cigar. from your Highness, and
should like to keep this one as a sou
venir."
The Prince observed: "You know |
me, then. I did not think I should be j
recognized," and, again producing his
cigar case, said: "Will you have a
cigar?"
The reporter, nothing loath, accept
ed again the kind invitation, the
Prince remarking as he did so, "But
to smoke this time."— Liverpool Post.
"We . want shorter hours," demanded |
the workmen's leader. ','AU right;" as-,
serted the accommodating employer,
'•I'll reduce • your dinner hour fifteen
•minutes."
SLAIN GIRL'S
CLOTHES FOUND
Clew in Mysterious ilurdei
Case in Colorado Supplied
by a Woman Mine Owner
XEW FACTS DEVELOPED
She Says She Saw a Man in
Last Part of November Act
in Queer Way in Vicinity
PUEBLO, Colo., Dec. 20.— Evidence
gathered by the police Indicates that
the murdered woman found in Chey
enne Canyon several days ago may
have been Sadie Durant, a woman who
came. to Pueblo late In October from
California. She left Pueblo on Decem
ber 3 with the expressed purpose of
going to Victor for a short visit, an-1
she has not been heard from since that
time. Her description closely resem
bles that of the dead woman. But lit
tle is known of her in Pueblo. It i3
said that she was separated from her
husband and feared violence in case
he should find her.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., Dec
20. — The latest clew in the murder mys
tery of Cheyenne Mountain, which has
been received by the Sheriff and Chief
of Police, is now being traced up by
the officers with some show of success.
The clew was supplied by Mrs. Ellen
E. Jack, who owns a number of min
ing claims on Cheyenne Mountain and
who discovered several pieces of wom
an's clothing while on her way to the
city yesterday.
A part of a white skirt and portions
of a woolen dress were discovered, but
as she had heard nothing of the sen
sational murder Mrs. Jack did not re
port her find until to-day. Sheriff
Grimes and Chief of Police Reynolds
and two officers went at once to the »e
glon described by Mrs. Jack.
The woman says that about dusk In
the latter part of November she saw
a man, whom she took to be a German,
climbing along the hillside in an excit
ed manner and carrying a bundle in a
gunny-sack. He appeared to be avoid
ing the regular roadway as much as
possible, and walked among the trees
along the road. The man was greatly
excited and asked to be directed to
some place to sto^ for the night. "When
directed to the section-house on the
Short Line road he paid no attention.
but continued on over the hill toward
Cripple Creek.
John Quirk of Denver, who thought
from the description that the body
might be that of his wife, after viewing
the remains, said that his fears were
groundless.
HAIR OB^ OCTOGEXARLVX
TAKES YOUTHFUL COLOR
At Advanced Age Massachusetts Lady
Cuts Her Second Set of Teeth
and Recovers Vision.
"Toothless and cappy," the young
woman's description of her venerable
gnrandmother, would be singularly in
applicable to Miss Rose Perkins of
Huntingdon, Mass. At the advanced
age of 85 Miss Perkins finds that her
hair, which has been snow white for
many years, is beginning to turn black.
She is also beginning to cut a set of
new teeth. This process of renais
sance began about seven years ago.
when her eyesight, . which had failed
her several years before, was suddenly
restored to her and she threw her
glasses away. Since then she has had
no use for them.
So excellent i3 her eyesight. Indeed,
that she has just completed a large
bedquilt composed of nine stars, each
star containing the enormous number
of 278 diamonds.
If Miss Perkins does not find old age
the toothless, miserable existence It is
reputed to be. neither does she find it
a period of superfluity. She Is "smart,"
as they ?ay in New England, about the
house, aids materially In the house
work and delights in reading and sew
ing. She attends church with a regu
larity that is enough to shame the
younger generation. Avalks about town
on little shopping expeditions, visits
her neighbors, and is as cheerful and
Hghthearted as a girl of sixteen. In
deed, she says she feels as if her girl
hood were returning to her, but sup
poses it is only that second childhood
people talk so much about.
■ Her mind is perfectly clear and her
memory is good. She not only recol
lects events o* her girlhood days, but
keeps well in mind the more recent
events. Instead of living in the past
she takes an intense Interest in the
present, and she is an entertaining
talker. She says she cannot account
for her white hair turning back to
black or .for th? third set of teeth
which she is cutting, but fancies that
her strong determination not to become
an uninteresting old person may have
something to do with it.— New York
Tribune.
— - » ■
The Japanese Comniander-in-Chlcf.
Marquis Oyama i3 a giant among the
Japanese. Six feet tall and weighing
nearly 300 pounds, he Is the national
patron of wrestling and of swords
manship and the Idol of the army.
Notwithstanding the recent honors won
by the. foreign-trained generals, Kuro
ki, Oku, Nosu and Nogi, this represen
tative of the samurai class is the idol
of the army, which regards him as the
embodiment of the spirit of old Japan.
Marquis Oyama is the youngest of the
empire builders of Japan, among Whom
Marquis Yamagata and Marquis Ito
are best known. He is now about 62
years of age.— Chicago Chronicle.
"Every young man has a future be
for* him." remarked the Wise Guy.
"Yes." agreed the Simple Mug; "the
difficulty is to catch up with it."
| COOK BOOKS. I
& 3
S Owinjr to the unusual demand g
j* on the part of our subscribers «
S for THE CALL'S Premium Cook <S
?j Book it haa been necessary to Or
O order an additional ' supply, g
Q These bookn are expected about S
S the 15th hi.-t., on and after 5
g which date they will be at the §
<S disposal of our patrons at the X
# very low price of 50c. <-i
g To subscribers receiTlng their o
b' paper by mail there will be an S
$ additional charge of 25c to pre- y
Q pay expressajre. We also have S
8 on hand a few copies of "Wild g
« 'Animals I Have Met," thor- w
-<% oughly descriptive of the whole g
'X animal kingdom, on the same <S
8 terms. Order now, as our sup- o
S-ply is limited. SCOMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
-W:;- York Stocks somewhat higher. Cotton lower.
LorcA Stocks end Bonds still dull.
Silver slightly lozver and Exchange slightly higher.
IV heal steady. Wheat Freights week and dull.
Barley fin;:. Corn zi-cak. Oats strongly held.
Hay, Fcedstuifs and Beans uncJuniged.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables about as before.
Poultry market aetiz'e and firm . Gone easy.
Coin zvcaiher still checks the demand for fresh Fruit.
BvJticr, Cheese and Eggs in moderate supply and selling well .
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins dull.
Provision markets continue inactive at all points.
Heps lozi-cr, zviih a larger crop than expected.
Hides and Leather f.rtn. Wool market zcell cleaned up.
Slight changes in sczrral kinds of Meats.
Stocks and Cotton.
Tt.9 V»w Tsrk wires of S. F. Hntton fc C». j
5-««ter'i«y said :
FTTK7K.S — 7t«re was r.»*.ab> strength !n to
days lEarket. even tiso-arh tfce volume of ba*l
ces* *if Th»'t:na:!e«t i= a locg i!3:e. General
•4nL.-.ees «*:# escred tr.rccgh the lirt in th»
face cf tt-- Soetos operator's artlc.e In Every- |
borfj-s Mafi^ir.* this momir.g. tut tils has |
cr***£ to l-« a market factor. There was
MC&ac ir. :w of news that wou'.d afTect
s-y one tecurity in to-day's 3iarket. aad in
fact the bulk cf cperation* represented the
tradirg br r^cfesrl?na!i>. The movement in
Bantbem P»ci5c ™ unaccounted for except
that it is riimored ia sock! quarter* It will pay
? r*r cert this coming year. This security
*hou!1 se;i bigiier on this basis. People are
r-ogirnlng to look at t^e creat corcsercial €x
parslon which Is looming up. We expect a
ooetisssaM cf the u^werd trend ustil the enl
cf the « - e*k I
COTTON— TVg. New York Cotton Exchange
ttas orflcUilly notified this morsirg by the j
C«*s*us Bureau that the preliminary ginner*' j
report en the amount of cotton ginreS to De- :
•o^aber 13 will not be elves o-Jt till r.oon next J
W^e»»4«v December CS. The market made j
a new ' ri »- reccrt*for this eeason's grop and
rrices were carr.fl down 10 to 14 points In the .
trading fit the c?e::'.ns. Spot markets were j
•.11 lower in tyxapcthjr with this additional I
treak In tXltUlta. ar.3 a* the tendency of all the I
erf eulative narkets la in favor of still lower ]
Irir*t, and there If E9 ostsMe cpeculatlve eup. !
j-«ort a«d aor.e to speak of forth coining- frcra
the large epot d^a'.ers or epinnicg isterests it i
3r«ks as thc-ch tie market will be forced be- ]
low the 7e basis Cor all the cpticcs this ride I
cf the May delivery before the present eellicg
trioversent ruia its course. Sentiment Is still
very bearish. Bui'.* rra.it to attempt t» rup
port prices. Cotton i* selling at 10c a potznd
cheaper thaa arc.-j^-l ti!s tlsie last year, with I
fhcrts ee'ling .fretly. more to than at the
fc:gher jrices cf the seascn.
The Weather and Crops.
The weekly rtpcrt of A. G. McAfile, section
Erector cf the- cllTr-ate «-r.l crrp «errtce oi the
Weather Bt^eau, is as follows:
GENERAL EUMMAIIT.
Cr»: a=4 Irot-.y weather prerailel ia the |
c^trtl ar.5 sortttra sections most cf the
week, wtra toene cloudiness and fegs ia the
ccart districts *s3 light rain on. the 12th.
T\"arm. c'.etr weather coctlaued la the south.
with coc4tr tights and light frosta.
Early «-.nr. f rt.r. is in pood ccsiitica a"S
makirg fair growth. A large acreage cf
wheat, fcar.ey tr. I oats has been plasted ia
tt.f central <■-- z. northern sec^ioss and will be
materially increased. Plowing and eeedlrg
are in j-rc$Tes* and aorse <iry plowing and j
skiing ere unfier way la the tooth. Grain \
jTospecta ia the Bocthera Ean Joaquln Valley
and ficuthera Caiiforaia are far fxtxa encour
cging. b*ut tzir crop* say be raise! if rain
lails wiifcia «. rcocth, Cmttle are reported <
#Uff*TiniE from the sesreity of feed In some cf
Otm ft^utiern districts, but In other piac«s
j&«=tarfcce is a&ccdant acd stock are In prime
«cr.(5Itiotu Irr!x«tlcn U progressing liberally
It. Soctbern Calliorcia wterever. tie water is
cbtair^ile.
. Cloverda> crarges asfl lessss are la ex
cellent ■;■..?- r.i iz—.if* having been done
ty iron, &sd leaca rlcklsg: baa commenced;
■ana of the craage trees are stiU In blotsoai.
while the • Jrtrt U rapiily coloring. Orange
pickirar arsd tbipplrg are nearly completed in j
'the ijroV.'.lf tud Porterville districts and pro- I
«rre»«ing rather siowly In Southern California. I
cf tt.« >■_::.-: r. cranges are coloring '
ttetter t&an usual at this time of the year. !
OU>« r-ScklTi*; is nearly completed. Pruning
Is is nogieas in coct place*.
FACRAMENTO VALLST.— Light raia Je'J
at the beginnir^ of tie week. The latter part
was coo!, partly cloudy asd foggy, with hea\T
frosts la some places. Grain ccstinues In «x
o*lleat condition. as5 '.* rr.aVlrig fair growth.
The acreage already sewn to grain Is larg*
trS wli: be rcateriaily increased. Plowing and
ee<«iiiyr are in jT°s~re**- Green feed is plen- j
f.fcl. but its growth ha» been soniewhat '
checked by coo; weatier. Orargee and olives '
"fcave not been isjure.1 ty frost. The olive
crop J» nearly all mattered e.=d crarge harvest
!* jrrcgresKrg rapidly: both crops axe reported |
very good. Ftrawberrtes are plectlful In the
markets. Pruning is rrogre?»lr.g In orchards
msi vtinrards.
COAST AND BAT SECTIONS.— Cool, partly
cloudy aod foggy weather prevailed most of
tfce -week, -with light raia la the central ar.i
rcrthem •*ct:cns. a=d frequent light frosts
In meet places. Plowing acd seeding are pro-
and the grain acreage in torn* sec
. does will be larger than ocuaJ. Early grain
oostlsuts in pood condition and is making
Cn» growth. Pasturage is failing ia some
•j-arts of the southern districts, but 1« plentiful
• is*where. Etock are in good condition except
lr. the south. Orange end l«aon trees In the
Cloverdale <listrict are reporud in excellent
crodltion and give promise of good cropa.
Lesion picking has connaenced. A few orange
trees are «::.: ;r. bloom. No datnage to citros
rrcits tas yet beea done by fro«.
FAN JOAQUIN VALLET. — Cocl. cloudy
weaiher witi d»sae tof in the . rnomirgs pre
vailed ezrixss the past week. Plowing and
■ s^eiins are well advanced In the northern
portion d the valley and progressing slowly,
cut in the certral and «>3thern portiooi! farin
!rjp c;-eraiions are at & f-tandstill c-rrirjr to
lack of rain. Orchard and vineyard pmnicg
V r^- fi 6rt'»*!ng in tome localities, but :• not
r*^-*rsl. Green feed is plentiful and stock are
fc-aithy and la rood condition. The «ran*e
a=d letrxra crpyi «re nearly all harvested. The
f--u'.t 1* cf excellent size and crops large..
Heavy fnwts occurred Jrei;t:er.tly. but ea-j»ed
no -->»» Large rhirareets of hay and po
l.-.-"*5 ctmtlsue from. Stockton to Southern
Csilfornla.
• POtTHEEX CALrFORNTA- — Generally
. warm rr»alh<»r prevallfd dsricg the week, but
*-tth coc! ntghts asd 1'ght frosts . in ume
. j '.»«•. Irrigation, la In progress aboat the
rr.rr.» es in rurrsccr. trhere water can be 6b
.tiited. Orarjces ia the vicinity cf Uplaad are
bexUr cr>lor»d then for several years at this
di.te. Lesacns are in good ooaistlon. mith
prf«p«pcts ef a full crop. Orass* picking and
fbsjyir.it are prncresi^nt; sotsewhat slowly.
Fry«j. have not Injured citrus fruits. Paetur
fcte iM very scarce and in stocne plaree cautle
ere s"Ict^. Dry plowing is In progress in
•9«ae localities end a little grain has beea^
LCS ANGELES PUiatART.— Oranges are
ripeniaK rapidly tn Um coast factions; they are
•wee?t arn cf pcUorta fire: ripening slowly In
tb* south, wjti few shlpraeats. Irrigaticn
cortlnaes sa-t ae ia vcismer. with waier
ho'.C'.r^ *T '"'^1 •» far mm reported.
C:"BE3CA FIMMAP.T.- Heavy froFts In the
-.rterior the latter ran of the we>ek caused
ro «a=cage. PlzntiEg *rA scetflag are rro
' gressica; rapidlj ; a iaixe acreage j* being
-•"•jwn to oats. Grain is in excellent condition,
fcut growta retarieri bj- f-od weather.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Cliicttso Adjournment.
I CHICAGO. Dec 2*>.— The directors rvf the
Chicago Board of Trcd» have decided to ad
journ from ihe cicse of b-j»;r,e»s TVidav De
cember 23. nstil the morning cf Tuesday. De
cember 21.
New York Money Market.
NEW TORK, Dec. 20.— CSose: Mcaey ca
i rail.tvas «-*;>• nt Z l t&Z v*r cent: closing b'd
;^ S*r cent; c.Soreil. 3 per cent.
Tin.* tetns were easy aad dui! with sixty !
ia>s. ninety fia:s and s!x racnth* at 3>i3 j
Pnra" irercantile paper. 4fl*'-j per cent.
SterUng er<-fa*nire wa« essier tritb actual {
\~isiBtr* is banktrv' hills at $4.S7S5{r«.R740 far ■
£m*nA and ti «.SiC5©^.Sl7» fcr sixty day
Posted rate*. K G^St 9.
. -. •-.?■.»"•.»! blils, $4 54%.
Bar diver. Clc.
iSniran «Joilar*, 4S»ic
Bends — Go^ercment. rteaay; railroads, firm.
N'en- York Stock Markoi.
:."E*V V'Jlir:, I>ec. 2J — The sUencth In to
<"-:"»,<Js" tr-arkrt -vrar in*- :•> thr vrry l^ht
. • rJPS" iRftoclu. • Ths «lu!1r«^s was really
• ; •rtft'UB'i c-t tltr«t. The t'A3l ipr th* day. :.!
tj ii,..i ..:,;' .. !•.::« '.»;.' .- rttilli' ■'.* :-ti;:-.-.-. fon
vye r.o adequate idea of this dullness, as the
t'Usiaesr, sTJiall •« U vu, was larrHy ccn
cetstrated 5n c few •dive share*. The cprra
•«r» k s a tars* *■»■*-. «ho fcave- made the]
£re&* markets oi tec r*c*nt past. te*m to
h».-. « withdrawn, by common consent and to
have left the dealings to a cmaller but *:ill
i--.?»?*:;r.il class. There is a. pretty general
*«T*eir;erit that revived activity is not to be
looked for until after the holiday ptriod.
Tber* a:s many profeesiooaJ and 1 private con
siderations which induce a languishing Interest j
la business during the holidays by many brck- j
«rs. But aside from this the large energies j
aad resources devoted to the great ' annual |
settlements in business divert much from th«
stock market. This factor seems lees opera
tive than usual this year, owing to the abund
aze* of money offerings In the loan market.
Tie call loaa rate seems to sag instead of
to stiffen as the end of the year approaches
and little is done at as high as 3 per cent.
Loans are rrade on time for periods up to
six months both at 3*463*; er cent, and ther*
is or.Iy a languid demand even at those rates.
Pressure continues upon cur gold supply and
also upou that of London, the average being
in favor of Berlin. A sequence of bond offer
ings of varying trr.our.ts and. degree* con
tinue* t9 leak* Its appearance and to be taken
off the market with apparent readiness. This
probably serves to explain partly the diversion
cf ooerattoas from the stock market. Along
with the general agreement in the probability
of dull trading a^er.New Tear's go numerous
expressions of confidence in higher prices when
the market does became active again. Theso
exoressloni of confidence Influence the email
bayins cucb as was In evidence to-day". At
tention !• aJert also to discover signs of an
ticipatory investment buying which it is an
old tradition to look for In Wall street "dur
ing December. This is supposed to come from
ca?4;ali£ts who eip* 1^ to receive dividenils
at the firtt cf the year and who see an ad
vantaae In securing their desired holdings be
fore ethers are seeking the same enfis. The
picture of capitalists of resources cluing down
to await the Immediate receipt of their ln
crenMct of wealth for new outlay does not
appeal for lt» great verisimilitude to all minds.
But buying of high-grade stocks on. rising
scale at this period Is pretty Certain to be
aet dovrn to its source and. is often effective
In diseemin&ting a comfortabSe feeling of sub
stantial Investment confidence among opera- :
tors. There was some realizing In the United :
States Steel stocks on the additional . advances
; In price* of products. Southern. Pacific moved,
In response to numerous rumors oi a coming
, dividend. Foreign exchange > was' easier, but
New York exchange at Chicago receded to
near par. Gains were not fully retained, but
the c'.c-s'.rr toce -was firm.
Bonds were firm. Total sales, par value,
$3.32O.O00.
United States bends were unchanged on can.
New York Stock List.
E. F. Huttoa & Co.. 430 California; street.
San Francisco, member* of the N«w York
Stock Exchange, furnish the following official
Quotations at their Exchange:
Sales. l_ STOCKS* [HighlLow.: Bid. [Ask.
fAdacis Express.!: I'..... 4 238 ,25*
l«.S00-Ainal -Copper ..f6S j 6«S -67H C^i
'Amer C*n Co ..!-... 1SH 12»i
—....! Do pfd I «2 62H
1. SCO. Am C &. Ky Co 35*4 83 35 35 i*
J,=O0. Do pfd f M4 92*4 93*4 &*
200'Amer Cotton OUI 1 35V) 28
Do pfd 1..... 84 85
; jAmer Ditt Tel .; [ 37*4 8»
i ...... .JAmer Express .{ j 33 I 35
'Am Grass T C. 11*4- 12
1.000 Am Hide & Lthrj 10;ij 10»4; 1O*»! 10'i
*-» Do pfd 5 45 ! 44*,! 44* 4 j 45
TOOAmer Ice < G*4 6»4 6^; 7
600' Do Ffd ] 36*, 3*1*! 'oS*, 89*4
Amer Lir^eed ..; 16 19
j Do pfd i ) I 37 41
4,100 Amer Loccrnotlv! 34*4 ' 33*,i 34S S* 1^
200' Do pfd ;i02*i;102V102* 103
iAeier Malt j 7% 7*,j 7«j ~H
! Do pfd ! 26*, 28\
IT.^MArr. Smelt iRC H , 79«,! 81*4 Sl^
«■•"•. Do pfd 113* t llS'-s 113 illS%4
e.6C0Acier Sucar ... . :141V l 14OV 1 141%!l41* t
! Do pfd ...:.. 138 J14O
Aiaer TAT Co.| j JI2S 127
Amer Tob pfd .1 ilfeS 1S4
600;Amer Woolen ..! 2l\\ 21*4 21 I 21*4
! Do prd j j 93 J 94
'Anaconda I • 101*41101^
Ann Arbor ; ( .130 Eft
I j Do pfd J } 62 68
.'• .>>■ A T & Santa. F * S*.\ M*. &5HI « l i
2.200* Do pfd IO3S'1O8 103*i',103S
9.900 Bait & Ob!o ..jlOOSt 89 Jii 100*4 :K>O»i
• Do pfd J !.:..-! 95*41 »«
2,300 B R T 61"«, 61 i «O*i ! 61*4
jBrook Un Gas..| | '205 !213
SOOBrnswck D & I' II?;! 11*4 11*;! 12
'Butterick Co ..!.;...{....•.! 11H 11*4
-Canadian Scr-th.i {..-...1.71 72
1. COO Canadian Pac ...131 IZt !13OH'130%
1.4O7C 4 O ) 48*41 4S 4S*4 48*4
1.2lX»C tc A ...! 44 ! 43*4 43*4! 43%
j Do pfd I ...;. 7S "J S4
C & E I pfd ..' ; 13O J135
2.500 C * G W i 22*4f 22*4 22*iJ 22*4
200; Do pfd a ! 67 I m ee I «7^i
200i Do pfd B 35*41 34*sl ?4'v 36
! Do deb» 1 ! 1 85 j M*4
1.100.C * N W .... s 208 |206«il
8,000;C M* et P ..'17OH'153*-.I17C«4 170%;
i Do pfd ! ! lira ;i64
f.WC R UcV. (new)' 33S»,! S2«i» S.«--ii :k*4
500! Do r'd I S4*4! S3'4- 63KIP4
\ Do 4s ......j j....'. 8-)»4]Ww
100 Cbi Terminal ..' 11=; W* 12>i| 12*4
LSfO'' Do pfd \ 22*i 22 22'i 22*4
M«>'Cfal Un Traction! 11*,! 1« ' 10*i |O>*
1.0001 Do pfd ) 41*|j 3S 40 41
eooc, c. c & st L.j *i ! 90*41 90'-4 91
Clew. Is* & \7.J 1 1 «5 K0
! Do pfd ' i |80 !l20
400 Colo Fnei & Ireni 46*4! 4« ! 4G'i 46H
I Do pfd.. I-.--.! J S5
Cbl. H. C * I.U.-.j J 17*; 18
Wi0.Coloraa-> fVwth.J 23«il 23*,! 23*» 23*4
2.5GT.J Do l*t pfd I 5S*i! £S*4! 53 59 *»
l.MXV Do 2<1 pfd i 3**»? 3« 36- 3C*4
1.200Con<«>lida»ed Ga*;201»i :201 U '201*; ,'202
j r-on.Tcb Co pfd.! ! fl2S*4;i3O
I 1.000 Corn Products... j 21-fcj 21*4 21 5 i 21H
W< Do pfd I 7» I 79 i 7»*4 79*;
5.309'rw.l A Hudson. ..;i%s«iilS5ii!lK«41i>7»;
....... D. L* W j ;330
100 D & R.G S2 »1*4) 31*4 31*i
I.500; Do pfd RST4I M*» SS^i S3
iDes II t Ft D !....'. 24 - 27
(Detroit Un Ry.'.. '..... 77U 78*i
S00 Detroit Soath.-.t 7*i! 7 j 6*. 7*4
300-; Do pfd ! 31 S! 30*41 30 31
-Diamond Match.) !....J1S5 13«
400 Distilling Sees... 3S i 37*;1 37*4 SS
I Do bends j ! ! 78 78tf
SOODurutn. S S & A! l»" s 13*4| 13«; 14
l.Srt)' Do pfd 27 { 26 26** 27*4
12.7C0Erie 37S 37 I 37S 37*|
5.000: Do 1st pfd 75*4! 74*4! 75' 75*4
5.OOO; Do 24 pfd ' S«V 55*41 M 5«H
JE * T H }..... I 66 66*4
I Do pfd J j S3 90'
;Ft W- A D C...-J.:..- j 38 3«*4
.1 [General Chemical! ...» 60 j 65
\A Do pfd t J !l00 jlOS
40ftGeneral Electric. iinK*4!l«*4ll«5», 166*4
WjOGreat North pfd,241*,241 ";242*4:2«
8.700 Green CcnCopper!26 ! 25 I 25' I 25*i
'Havana Tob Co..l.....j...'..| 31 34
i Do pfd ...'.. ...I.....! 42 45
JHocking Valley. .A.. i 90*4, 91
4V>' Do pfd I JW ! 92*4; 92*,j 83*4
1.4M)!lllinols Central.. !!5-'t !154*^!154*«il55
1.400;' Intemtl Paper, .j 25*,! 25 124*4125
TOO! D» pfd i 78 I 77*4i 77V4J 7«
2.300' Interntl Power...' 72>4' CS%; 71% 72
!Intemtl Pump.-.j J 39 j 40
J T» pfd ,'...! ! * R5 I M*4
3OO Iowa Central j 29«.;« 2S» 29 j'30
1 i Do pfd I 56*4 56 Oft .1 57
iWKar.awha & Men! .37 37 36 37
KC.FT." & M pfd! :... SI 82
MOK C Sotithera...! 29 I 28?;l 2S?; 1 23
£00] Do pM .....»| 53 5S I 53 53*4
! iKeokuk A- D M.5 1 } 14~ 17
..i'Lae]«de Gas pfd.! .'..:..! 80 ].
700 Lake Erie & . W..! 41*;! 40',. 40*4 41
j Do pfd ....I ! J100 103
< Long Island f !.....} 57- 62
.......>L & N jUa=i|U0\,!140% 140*4
500 Manhattan .. ..! i 1CJ 116*
iManhat B«ach ..{.....' . 9«4 II
1.100 Metrcpol Sem..! R0»i! 79 73 79*4
5.S0O:iletroTioI .St Ry. 1123*4 122 121 *i 122'
1.3<it» M»xicsn Central. I 21«4 20»t £0H tO'i
iJIlrin & St'L....I }=C0 «5 ;
» Da in cM ...;...^1 j 92 10O
I.MXi-SI .c t PJtS S it.. I «J*J^ SO I 00»« »0*4
V*> D« pfd .U4«rih46s;jl4G l 4!l47
<sni'iin Kan & Texasi SI* I SO«;j 3t»*,f 30%
<*' Do pM -.-... v: J «Ct ! « { «2 ■ j 13
5.700,ilf!?*airt Padfic V |H»>i!ie««4 lCS-,ilOJ>
, ...iNa#h C & fit L..i....'.j % ...".il4Sr 51*7 v
I iCOiNatlocal Lead -.1 23*aii23<;l C3*«j 23>.S
THE SAX FRAX'CISCO -CALL, WEDNESDAY. DECEMBER 21. 1904.
100- Do cfd I I I fl7 ! 95
.......XRR o? Mex pfd |...... 40H 41 '
««o National Biscuit 57« 06?i!.....
."ON J Central il91 !l9<) ;190 1191
*WN y Air Brake.. I«3*,!tC2>4ilO2U'l63«i
-0.SOPN V Central ... 142«4Sl40i;|141*fc|l42
100 : -N TCtStL... « 43 43% 45
; r>o 1st pfd .;.; 110 120
jN Y Dock I 18^ 24
IN V N H & Har 198 19S^
1.C00.N T Ont A W..1 44 43Vi! 43»i 44
S.400 ; Norfolk & West. 79U 7S»4 "S»* 79H
; Do rfd 1 92 i 94H
i iNorth American. 101 (102
16.00C:Northern Secu .JlS0«,!l2S%!129«J 130
.Omaha !..... il50 !l&6v
Do pfd j ....jig? ISO*
;O S L 4s ' :i03«ill01U •
1.400! Pacific Coast ... 77 76 | 76»* 78 "■
I Do 1st i>M I 8S 104 j
! Do 2d pfd I I M>»i S3 ]
SOOiPaciac Mail 43J->1 «2%1 43H' 44
41.60r..Penn R R Co... 137 '.' 136 *«j 1 37^:137*;
2.4W,People'-s Gas ...ll07H!106*i,107 l itl07«,
,Pere Marq-jette..!.... .1 !-75 j 7S
P C C & Et L...« 1 ! 77 78
S Do cfd !104 107 -
• 500 Pressed Steel Car! »>4 38*i| ."SH 39H
100: Do pfd 90H 90H! Wt *>*i
jPuIlman Car Co [234 235
2.500-,Ry Steel Spgs Co 33H 31% 33H 33ii
1.000! Do pfd 93 91S) 92 93
42.90O,I>eadir.g: 79% TSi, 78% 7«t»i j
20O: Do l«t pfd ...j.... i *«H 90^
2C0j Do 2d pfd ... 8191 61%i Mii S2
200 Republic S & I j 16 16«,
700; Do pfd ; esHi esi 4 « «»
'.Rubber Goods ..' S6H 2«U 26H 27
BOo; Do pfd ! 94 94%\
Slcss S S & I Co • 60«4! Clt»
i Do pfd, I100H 100U
jSt J & G I 15 17
Do 1st pfd j \ 53 65
j Do 2d pfd 25 28
iSt L&S F 1st pfd| 75 76
lOOi Do 2d pfd ... 67*; 671* 67% es
400;St L t S W ... 25\ 25 ) 26 26U
i Do ofd j J 57 57 l ;
61300 Southern Pac ..' 64»; 61^i 64% 64%
3.000! Do pfd ll?aiillS* s illSV»jllS I W
6,«0O Southern Ry ... S5 34H ( 34\i 34 ;j
300' Do pfd 96»; 95! 3 1 »6*8 97
iStardard Oil JS30 '635
Istandard R & T 2 ZK
fiOOTesn Coal & Iron' 72*4 71«s 71H 71*i
'Texas P L T Co! 3S%» 3a
lW'Texas Pacific ...I 35 34^ S4«4 35
!Thlrd A^-enu© ...j 131 132
i Toledo R & T Co 22«i 23*;
200 Teledo Et 1. & W 36 35X4 35 36**
SCO' Do pfd 53% 52% MU 53*i
100, Twin CltrR T.. 106 106 106 106V,
100 Union Bag & P. 10 10 10 10'i
| Do pfd 72 75
40. 100, Union Pacific ... Ill V4 111 llOTi 111
&00i Do pfd 95»i 94H 05\i 96
...!7Z\ Do conv 4s 110^'UO*;
United Copper 1 ' 1%
100.Unlted R of S F 22 22 21^ 23
200i Do pfd 68 65H 65 67
Do 4s 8TH S?
600 U S Cast I Pipe. 19 19 19 19tf
2,100; Do pfd SOU &> "9V4 SO
4.300' U S Express ! 41«i 41H 41^i 42
26.300U S Leather 14*4 13*i 14V» 14U
1L100- Do pfd 101% 101 101»s 10m
;U S Rubber ....I 32 32»i
I Do pfd »34 94
18,700-U S Steel Cor... 29*-i 29H 29S
SS.SOO' Do pfd 82?* 92 921J 92«i
!Va-Car Chem Co 41% 41^ 41^j 42
| Do Pfd 114 US 112 114
SOOWabash ! 22»4 22 22 22>i
100* Do pfd 44 43 43% 43>i
i Do deb Bs 1 67 es
'Wells Fargo Ex 237 249
I SOOiWestern Union.. W% 92Hi 92»i 9^!
1.600 Westinghouse ..1S3%1S3 J182»4 1S314
! Do 1st pfd US3H 1S4
100.W & L E 19H 19V» 19 1»H
400 ! Do 1st pfd ... 45% 45«i 45 4<?
Do 2d pf4 ... 25»4 k 2«
! Wisconsin Cen 21HT 22
400] Do pfd 45HI «tt «H *«
524,100— Total shares sola.
Xew York Bonds.
V 8 ref 2s reg.. 104*41 L A N unified 4*. 103 9i
Do coupon 104HiMan con gold 4S.105**
Do 3s reg 104*4 !Mex Central 4s... 7C I
Do coupon 10*i»l Do 1st Ice 23*4
Do new 4s reg.l30*i ■ Minn * St L 4*.. 97*4
Do coupon. 131 M K & Texas 4S.10O
Do old 4s reg.lO5*ni Do 2ds S5*4
Do coupon. 106SINR of Mex con 4s Sl*4
Atch gen 4s 102*4 N T C gen 3*4s..lOl
Do adj 4« 94HIN J C gen 5s 136
AUantic C L 4s. 89v»!Nor Pac 4s 105*4
Bait 4 Ohio 4s..lO3*»l Do Ss 75*»
Do S*4s 96 |Nor & W con 4s.l0t
Central of Ga 5e.H0*; OSL 4s & partle.104
Do 1st inc 92 I Pa' conv 3*4s 102
Ch.es & Ohio 4 tis.lO7*4. Reading gen 4s... 102*4
Chi & Alton SHs. 82 (S L & I M con 5».116i4
C. B & Q new 4s.l00*4|S L t S F fg 4s. S9*4
C.M 4 FP p 4s.llO»; ISt Louis SW lsts. 97*4
C & NW con 7s.l24 I Seaboard A L 4s. S4
C. R I & Pac 4s. S0*4 So Pacific 4s 94
Do col -6s 93»4!So Railway 5s 120
C.C.C & SLgn 4».101*,|Tex & Pac 1st*. .119*4
Chi Term 4s S5 ToU St L & W 4s. ?2'4
Cocs Tobacco 4s. 73 IL'nion Pacific 4s.lO6U
C0J0 t Eo 4s 91*4' Do conv 4s lll*i
C F & I con 5e. !M*4:U S Steel 2d 6s.. 92*i
Den * Klo G 4S.102 IWabash lsts 117*4
Erie prior lien 4E.101*i» Do deb B 67
Do *en 4* 91T<;;w & L Erie 4»... 93*;
F W *- D C l?ts.lf*7»-. tWls Central 4s... 93
Hock yal 4*4s.. .111*41
New York Mining Stocks.
Afiama Con 2O;LJttIe Chief 05
(Alice 60'Ontario 3 75
Breece 15',Ophir 3 00
Bruns Con oe!Phoenlx .08 1
Com Tunnel 0?!Potosl 09
Con Cal & Va... 1 SO'. Savage 18;
Horn Sllrer 1 53'Sierra Nevada.... 33 ',
Iron Silver 1 8O'Small Hopes 28
Leadville Ccn . O2!Standard 2 00
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— ■ lUnited Fruit '.lOT :
Call loan* S*4Q5*4:U S Steel 29*4
TJrne leans ...4 @5 1 Do ptd . Q2%
Ecr.ds — (Westing Common. 90
Atchlson 4b 101 fit Mining —
Do adj 4-» 93 5; f Adventure 5*4
Mex Central 4s... 75 lAllouer I7»4
Railroads — lAmal Copper .... 67*4
Atchi«cn S5*4 I Atlantic 18
Do pfd KGH.'Bingham 34%
Boston & Albany.252 Calumet 4: Hecla.640 '
Boston & Maine.lO7*4' Centennial 24 4
Boston Elev 153*4>Copper Range ... K>>;
Fltchburg pfd 139Vi'Daly West 12
Mex Central 2O*4!Dora Coal 66
N Y. X H & H..1S8 'Franklin 11
Pere Marquette.. 76 iGrancy S
Union Pacific 110 T i : I»!e Rc.vale 26
Miscellaneous — I Mas? Mining .... S*4
Arcer Arre Chera. 21 (Michigan 8
Do pfd 88. Mohawk 49*4
Amer Pneu Tube. 5*i!Mont Coal & Coke 5*4
Amer Sugar 141 moid Dominion ... 2.1*4
Do pfd lSSUInsc^oJa /... 02
I Arner Tel & Tel.144 ! Parrot 26
j Amer Woolen ... 21?;!Quir<cy 102
Do pfd MVi.Shannon R~4
j Dom Iron * S... 1 7 Vs 'Tamarack 11*
Ed Elect Ilium.. 2TCI iTrlnlty R«£
G~n Electric 1«5 in S Mining 24»4
M«n Fiectrle 14- 't? s Oil 10*;
D» pfd 56*4'T:tah 41
Maw Gas 37» 4 }Vlctoria 4U
Un Shoe Mach... K> iwirona ;.. Iltt
Do pfd .. 31 IWolverine ...104 "
London ClopJnc Stocks.
Cons money.... SS 1-1«Un Y Central .....144*;
Do acet S9 13-lCNor A Western Vis^
Acaconda ...I... 5*41 Do pfd »5
Atcbiaon *6 7 ilOct & Western... 4<*t
Do pfd 1C5*4' Pennsylvania 70*4
Bait & Ohio ICC?*! Rand Mines 11*4
Can Pacific lS4«*iR»adlng 401;
Che* * Ohio 49'ii Do 1st Pfd 453J
Chi Great West. 23UI Do 2d pfd 411*
Chi. Mil & Si P.174*4!So Hallway 45*4
De Beers 18 I Do pfd ........ 3S*i
Den & Bio G 3is;<g o Pacific fi.t«4
Do pfd SOU'Unten pacific ....113
Erie 30"*i! Do rfd O7U
Do Irt pfd 76HIU S Steel 2S*4
Do 2d pfd R6*;l Do pfd S4'.i
IU Central 15S&]Wabash 22U
Ixwiis & Nash 144 I Do pfd 44U
M. K & Texas... 31?i!Spanlsh 4s «3»;
Bar silver— Steady: 27'»d per ounce.
Money — 2«4©3 P*f cent.
The rat* of discount in the open market for
short bills is 2 15-16*f3 per cent and for three
months' bills 2 13-1633 per cent.
Condition of the Treasnry.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 20.— To-day's itate
ra«nt of the treasury balances In the general
feud, exclusive of th* sold re
serve in the division ■ of redemption, shows,
available cash balance. $143,768,377; cold. $S4*
4-l»j4w5.
Xew York Cotton M arket.
NET5V YORK. Dec 20. — COTTON — Future*
opened «a*y. January. 7.39c: 7.45c-
March, 7.62c: April. 7.6Sc: May. 7.e4c; June.
7.70c; July. 7.76c; August, 7.77c; December.
7.32c. .*-}
Futures closed steady. January. 7.21c; Feb
ruary. 7.28c; March, 7.39c: April, 7.45c- Mav
7.4frc; June, 7.57c; July. 7-COo.
8ix3t cotton dosed quiet. 20 points lower
iliddliEpr uplands. 7.70c; xniddlinj gulf, 7,05c
Sales. 44 baHs. _________
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW'TORK. Dec. 20.— FLOUR— Receipts
SO.000 barrel*: exports, 17,000 barrels. Quiet
aad unefcaased. . • . ; ■■
WHEAT — Receipts, M.000 bushels.' Spot
barely steady: No. 2 red, nominal elevator
and $1 17?, f. o. b. afloat: No. I Northern
Duluth. $1 22»4 f- o. b. afloat; No. 1- hard
Manitoba, nominal f. o. b. . afloat.
.- Options were irregular all day. closing tin
settled at UfUe lo»!». May closed $1 l""^-
July closed $1 02T»; December closed $1 17^'
HOPS— Dull.
HIDES— Steady. - ' .
PETROLECM— Steady.
WOOL— Firm..
■' COFFEE— Spot Rio, firm; No. T Invoice,
S;-»c: ralld. firm: Cordova. 10913c.
"ITie market for, Coffee futures showed greater
aciiTlijr thaa at any ;, time, tlnc« the. ; big ball
mavcasent of last spring. It opened steady
at -uncharged prices to a decline of 5 points
und*r moderate liquidation - encouraged by
rather iarger primary receipts and indifferent
fcr»ign markets. ' For a- time if was rather
quSet but arourwJ midday became feverishly
active and excited, with large Wall-stre*t
houses heavy buyers all along the line. Prices!
Advanced until .on the active months they
were fully 20 points higher. Toward the close,
however, the market eased off a little from the
best under realizing of more general charac
ter based on the lack of animation abroad,
but the market was finally steady with Jan
uary 5 points and all other months 10 points
higher. Sales. 347.000 bags. December, 7.5«
ST. 00c; January. 7.50§7.fl0c: March. 7.75©
7.05c; April, 7.55©7.90c; May, S.00©« .20c; Juiy
S.20S < vS5c: October. 8.65c.
BUTTER— Unchanged.
CHEESE— Unchanged.
EGGS— Dull. Western fancy selected. 25c;
4o averace best, 27c
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market is
steadily held, with demand improving - some
what. Common are quoted at SJ-sQ^^e: prime,
*H*4%c; choice, &QZHc: fancy. 6©«^c
PRUNES — Are eelUng In small lots,' but the
undertone is easy, with quotations ranging
from 2 to 5*ic according to grade.
APRICOTS— Remain firm and unchanged.
Choice are quoted at 10c; extra choice, 10' i
eilc: fancy, 114@15c
PEACHES— Are in moderate Jobbing demand
with desirable sfses scarce. - Choice are quoted
at ft^c; extra choice. 10>*S10*«c; fancy, 11H
Cfl2c.
.Yew York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. 20. — Tin had a sever*
break In the London market as & result, so It
was said, of Increasing offerings and specu
lative manipulation. Spot closed at £131 10a
and futures at £129 lCs. Loyally the market
was weak In sympathy with the foreign decline
and closed at $2S 70^29 25.
Copper was unchanged at £66 for spot and
£66 7s 6d for futures In the London market.
Locally the market is quiet and without quot
able change. Lake. $14 75@15 12Vj: electro
lytic. $14 75©15; casting. $14 5O@14 75.
Lead was unchanged at (4 C0@4 70 in the
New ToTk market, while in London there was
a slight decline, with spot quoted at £12
i2 t ed.
Spelter was also unchanged at $5 7595 77*4
la the local market and lower at ,£24 15s la
Lot-don.
Iron closed at 52s 3d In Glasgow and at
4f s 6d In Middlecboro. Locally iron wu firm.
Available Grain Supply.
NETV YOP.K. Dec 20.— Special cable and
telegraphic communications received by Brad
«reefs show the following changes in avail
able supplies aa compared with last account:
Wheat. United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, increase. 1.895.000 bushels; afloat
for and In Europe, decrease, 3.200.000 bushels.
Total supply, decrease, 1,305,000 bushels.
Corn. United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies. Increase, 2.207.000 bushels. •
Oats. United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decrease. 3S1.000 bushels.
CHICAGO BOARD OF TRADE.
Future Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO Dec. 20. — The greatest weakness
In the wheat market was manifested at the
Immediate opening. Under the Influence of a
f harp break in prices at Liverpool, Initial quo
tations here showed substantial losses, the May
option being off *4c to *4e at $1 10*4 to $110*;.
According to a prominent British crop statisti
cian, the decline at Liverpool was caused ty
holders reselling Argentine cargoes and by
late offerings of parcels from that country ax
lower figures. ! Another factcr that contributed
to weakness here was the comparatively heavy
movement In the Northwest, arrivals at Minne
apolis and Duluth to-day being 76S cars,
against 424 the corresponding day a year ago.'
At the start shorts took advantage of the
lower prices and covered freely. Congested
conditions of the December delivery caused a
quick advance In the price of that option,
other months rising In sympathy. The revival
cf bullish sentiment was aided by small re
ceipts in the Southwest. On the upturn May
sold up to $111. Realizing sales caused an
other reaction late in the day and the market
closed easy. Final quotations on May were at
$1 10%. a less of He
Corn was weak throughout. Buying by
shorts had a steadying effect. May closed *;c
down at 45*4c.
In oats the volume of trading was light.
May closed uncharged at 31*4c
Provisions were a trlSe easier in the session
as a result cf a small decline In prices at the
yards. Sentiment later became firmer on a fair
demand from packers. At the close May pork
and lard were each up 2*4c and ribs were un
changed.
The Board of Trade will be closed December
24 and 26.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
December 1 fX>*i 1 11*4 1 09*4 1 1O 3 ,4
May 1 lft*i, 111 110*4 110%
July 97-t 8S*4 975* &s*4
Corn No. 2 —
December 46 46 45*4 4fc
May 45*4 45% 45 45*4
July 45*4 «•» .... *5*» ... 45*4
* Oats No. 2 —
December 2S> 29 2ST4 29
May 31*4 31*4 Sl*| 81*;
July 31 *i 31*; 31*4 31H
Mess Pork, per bbl —
January 12 00 12 « 12 60 12 62*4
May 12 92*4 12 87*4 12 87*4 12 95'
Lard, per 100 lbs —
January 6 S5 6 90 6 S5 6 90
Ma? 7 10 7 15 7 10 7 15 .
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
January 6 47*4 6 50 6 45 6 60
May 6 77*i 6 SO 6 75 6 SO
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, Dec 20. — Cash quotations' were
as follows: Flour, easy; No. 2 spring wheat.
$10S6'l 15"; No. 3. 95cg$l 10; No. 2 red, $1 12©
1 14*4; No. 2 com. 46©46*4c; No. 2 yellow, 40©
46*4c; No. 2 oats. 30*;c: No. 2 white. 30*4*?
30*«c; No. 3 white. 29*4631 *4c; No. 2 rye. 73c;
good feedlip barley, 37&3Sc: fair to choice
malting, 41©4Sc; No. 1 flaxseed, Jl 16; No. 1
Northwestern, $1 23*4: mess pork, per barrel,
$1135^11 45; lard, per 100 pounds. $6 85; short
ribs sides (loose). $«."530 50; short clear sides
(boxed). $C 62*466 75; whisky, basis of high
wines, $124; clover, contract grade, $12 75.
Articles — Receipt*. Shipments:
Flour, barrels :. 16.500 13.500
Wheat, bushels K7.000 4S.700
Corn, bushels 1.165.500 309.400
Oats, bushels 115.000 12S.900
Rye. bushels 8.000 2/100
Barley, bushels 204,100 26,600
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO. Dec. 20. — On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was steady.
Creameries. iefr26c: dairies. 16@22e. Eggs,
week, at mark l!MJ22c. flirts 22c, prime firsts
■24c, extras 26c Cheese, steady. 11612c
CATTLE, SHEEP AM) HOGS.
Omaha.
OMAHA. Neb.. Dec. 20.— CATTLE— Re
ceipt*. 2S00; fteaJy to stronger. Native steer«
$3 2566 25; cows and heifers, $2 50®3 30: west
vrn sleers. *3fM 60: Texas sters, "$2 7563 65;
ranpe cots and heifer*. $2 3066 40: canners',
5lJ."i@2 25: stockers and feeders. $2 5©63R5;
calves. $3^i5 50: bulls and *taps. $1 75©- ;1 5°
HO(JS — Receipt*. 150O: market steady. Heavy
$4 45§4 51 '4: mixed. $4 47*464 50: light. $4 50
646S; pigs, $46150; bulk of *ales. $4 47*49
4f.2*i.
SHEEP — Receipt*. 6000; steady. Western
yearilnps. $4 S063 30; wclhers, $1 60^5 25:
ewes. $4 25®4 75: common and ftockers, $2 500
4 50; lambs. $5€6 30.
Chicago.
CHICAGO. Dec. 20.— CATTLE— Receipt*.
6C<00; market *tcady. Good to prime steer*,
$6 1067: poor to medium, ¥3 7&6-C»P0; stockers
and feeders, $2^4 15; cow*. $16-4 20; heifer*.
SI 7564 75: canners'. $162 35; bulls. $2§3 &0;
calves. ZtQZjS'
HCK3S — Keceipts to-<!ay. 35.000; to-morrow,
45.fiC0: ste.idy to 5c low«r. Mixed and butch
ers'. $4 40©4 65; good to choice heavy. $4 6©»
4 72*4; rou«h heavy. $4 3564 50; light. S130&
4 57*4: bulk of *al«-s. §4 50Q4 63.
SHEEP— Receipts 22.C0O; Kbeep lower; lamb*.
10c lower. ! Good to choice wether*. $4 SO®
5 10; fair to choice mixed. S3 &0@4 60: west
ern sheep. $3fj5: native lambs, $150^6 75;
westsrn lambs, ?5 50^6 75.
■ ■--■ Kansas Chj-.
KANSAS C1TT. Dec. 20.— CATTLE— Re
ceipts, 1C.000; steady. Native steers. $3 SO-g*
,6 00; native cows and heifer*, $1 7565; stock
cr* and feeders. ?2 50g-i: bulls, $2g4; calve*.
$3&"« 50: western steers. $4@5; western cows,
$175^3 50. '
HOGS— Receipts. 12.000: steady. Bulk of
vale*. *4 4564 65; heavy, $4 6564 70; packers,
$t 5C6-4 CV. pigs and lights, $4^4 60. .
SHEEP— Receipts. r>000: market strong to
ICc higher. Muttons, $4J?5 25: lambs. $50
6C5; range wethers. $46» 60; ewes, $3 7564 50.
MISCELLANEOUS MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— March. May.
Opening " 2*i 7 2*4
Closing 7 1*5 » 7 ia.
PARIS.
Wheat — I>ec Mar.-Jun*.
Opening 23 70 2500
Closing. 23 70 2500
Flour —
Closing 3120 32 63
Closing ..... 31 20 32 65
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON. Dec 20. — The little demand for
wool now in** evidence In the wool market Is
principally for lots of scoured .wool, especially
in the superiors and wools : of that grade.
Prices are steady. .- The general opinion is that
the available supply of ; domestic wool in the
market here Is less than one -half than was on
nand last year. .' Territory wools . are qniet.
Territcry: Idaho— Fine. ISg 38 «- C ; heavy
fine. 16fi 17c; floe medium. 1SV491&?; medium.
22<SC3c: low medium. 23«f24c. ■— ; -;
Wx-cminc— Fine. 17«4©lS%c: heavy fine. 15©
lCc: fln« medium. 17Vi©lS»;c; medium. 23g24c;
low medium. 23&24C .
. , Utah * and Nevada— Fine, K^lSc; flae me
dium. X'ViQV&z; medium, 22@C3c; low me
dium. 23©24e. ,
. -Montana — Fine choice, 19022c; fine average,
19&C0c: fine medium choice, 21622c: average, j
13©20c; stap>, 22g2Sc; medium choice, 23® j
25c; average. 21©22c ". •.*.-:■ J
St. Louis Wool Market. >
ST. , LOUIS, Dec. 20.— Wool steady: meliuir.
grades, coinblng and clothing. 23929c: llpht.
fine. !SCT22%c; heavy. fine. 14?JlSc; tub
Trashed, 27§41c.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Dec. 20.— WHEAT— Export.
Walla Walla. %lc: blue «em. 85c. East. Walla
Walla. 83SS5c; blue stem, 90c.
WASHINGTON.
TAQBMA. Dec. 20.— WHEAT— Unchanged;
blue »i»m. &&c; club. S5c.
.Northern Business.
SEATTLE. Dec. 20.— Clearings, $741,373:
balances. $1»,322. V
TACOMA. Dec. 20.— Clearings, $539,615;
balances. $46,517.
PORTLAND. Dec 20. — Clearings, . $711.S61;
balances. $120,251.
SPOKANE. Dec 20.— Clearings. $437,720;
balances. $61,604. .
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
E11t«t was slightly lower and Sterling Ex
change slightly higher.
. LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange sixty days.. $4 65 94 8544
Sterling Exchange, sight 4 S7%@4 S7»»
Sterling Exchange cables 4 SS <3 —
New York Exchange, fight 02%© —
New York Exchange, telegraphic 05 © -—
Silver, per ounc* 61©' —
Mexican Dollars 60 © 51
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Paris • 5-15
New York on Mexico 2O3
Paris on London 25.15H
Berlin on London ...*.... .20.371;
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are weak and dull at
16s Sd. usual European options, with th«
charter of a French bark at this figur* some
days aro.' A good m&sr vessels have left this
port In ballast, seeking business alsewhare,
during tb« past fortnight. The charttred
Wheat Ceet la port has a registered tonnage
of 15,775. against 16,570 tons on the same dat*
last year; disengaged. 33,860 tons, against
95.400: on the way to this port. 157,270 toes,
against 1S9.000.
WHEAT— The foreign market* remained
quiet and featureless. Broomhall cabled that.
according to the Russian official crop report,
the condition of the Russian crop la not satis
factory, though not generally bad.
Chicago was several fractions weaker and
this market for futures was also weak. . Th*
weather Is the ruling factor at the moment.
Trading was fair. The cash grain was firm
and nnchacred.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, .$1 4591 52*4: California
Wh::e Australian, $1 00@l 62>4: Northern
Club. $1 5061 55; Northern Bluestess. $1 COg
1 62*4; Northern Red. $1 47*4 per ctL
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a, m.
Open. High. Low. Claae.
May $1 44 $1 44 $1 43% $1 44
v 2 p.' m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 43*i $143*; $U«vi $143*4
December" — No sales.
BARLEY — Feed continues firm and In good
demand, with' light offerings of choice. Brew
ing is neglected, as there Is little malting
being dona at present. There la no demand
for Chevalier. Futures are quiet and de
pendent largely on the weather.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1 12*461 15; Brewing and Shipping,
$1 17*4©1 20; Chevalier. $1 1561 20 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a, m.
May— $1 09. _
December — No sales; $1 15 asked.
2 p. m- Session.
No sales.
OATS — The market continues very firmly
held, with no Reds of any consequence offer
ing, as stocks have been depleted. \ There is
a steady. demand for Black for seed, but the
white descriptions meet with little attention.
White, $1 45©1, 57H; Surprise. $1 5331 oO;
Red for feed. $1 45@1 50 for No. 1 and
$1 40®l 42V* for No. 2: choice, for seed.
$1 5091 55: Black $1 50@l 35 for feed and
$1 45© 1 62 V4 for seed.
CORN — The market continues weak at the
decline already noted, with buyers holding off
and Chicago offering liberal llnea. on this mar
ket as low down as $1 12H In bulk, equiva
lent to $1 20 sacked for future delivery. Hold
ers are trying to keep the market up but
with poor success. Chicago reports an im
mense movement both for domestic and export
account. ' ~''-~ -- :: -'- "4 >l * - ! [ ■'<■ - ■*• *??
Western sacked; $r40«l' 45 for " old ' and
$1 27H©1 30 for new Yellow. White and
Mixed; California large Yellow. $1 27^©1 3u;
small round do. $1 £5ei«0; White $1 27 1 46 r
1 30: EgryptUn. $1 35^1 37 «4 for White and
$1 17»4©1 20 for Brown."
RYE— Firmly held,- with light offerings but
quiet, at $1 40^1 45 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 50©l 75 per cU.
Flour and Mill stuffs.
There Is nothing new under this head the
movement being average for this season of
the year.
FLOUR — California Hkmily Extras, $4 SO©
5 10. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 70f?5;
Oregon and Washington, Jobbing at $4&4 SO
per bbl.
MILLSTUFF5— Prices in packages are u
follows: Graham Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 25; Rye Meal, $3; Rice Floar,
$7; Corn Meal, $2 50; extra cream do. $3 60;
Oat Meal. $4; Oat Groats, $4 25; Hominy.
$3 60@3 85; Buckwheat Flour. $4 25; Cracked
Wheat. $3 75: Farina, $4; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats. bbls. $S 75©7 50; in
sacks. *4 25; Pearl Barley^ .$5; Split Peas,
boxes, $5 50; Green Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
The market for FeetstuSs rules flrm. whll«
Hay remains unchanged, with a not very.
active local demand.
BRAN— $20622 per ton. ■
MIDDLINGS— $25©28 per ton.
SHORTS— $20622 per ton.
FEEDSTCFFS^ — Rolled Barley $24@24 50 per
ton: Oilcake Meal, at the mill. $31 6O©32 50;
jobbing. $33: Cocoanut Cake. $23(724; Cocoa
nut Meal $24025: Cora Meal. $31 50@32;
Cracked Corn, $32©32 50: Mixed Feed. $22@
23; Horse Beans, $30@40 per ton; Broom
Corn Feed 90c per ctl.
HAT— Wheat. $9&14 50: Wheat and Oat.
$9613 M>: Oat. $9@12; Barley and Oat, $t@10;
Volunteer Wild Oat. $7310: stable. $9grtO:
stock. $5 5O©7; Clover, $7©10: Alfalfa. $9612
per ton. *
STRAW— 35860c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
The dullness urual at this time of the year
prtvails and prices show no change, j
BEANS— Bayos, $2 5©€3: p ea . $33350-
Butter. $363 25: small white. $363 35: large
White. $2 40»2 60: Pink. $2 756.1 60: Red. $4 25
64 30: Lima. $i 10<at 2O:-Red Kidneys. $3 509
4: Blackt-yc*. $2 50 per ctl; Horse Beans.
$1 S5<52 40.
PEEDS-»Brown Mustard, nominal — no good
lots offering; Tellow Mustard. 3'463*4c: Flax,
$262 75; Canary, 6*4c: Alfalfa. 12*s613c;
Rape, I!i62*4c; Timothy. 5*;c; Hemp. 3*4©
3*4c per lb; Millet. 2*i€3*4c; Broom Corn
Seed. $20S*-'l' r*r ton.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 75g2 50; Green
Peas. $17562 50 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
The Potatoe market was <iuiet and dealers ex
pected that It would continue so until after
the holidays. Fancy stock, however, was still
In ./limited supply and steady, while inferior
offering* from the river d!*trlcts continued to
drag. Sweets and Onions w«re unchanged. The)
steam»r Columbia frt-m Portland brought down
573 sacks cf Potatoes and 571 sacks of Onions
which had not been inspected up to a late
hour. 3
Southern vegetables were generally firmer,
reelpts being light, as usual on Tuesday. Gar
lic continues to advance, as -stocks are steadily
decreasing. Other vegetables from nearby sec
tions are In good supply and prices stand as
previously quoted.
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river. 40#
SOc per ctl; Salinas Burbanks. $1 50f?l 45 per
ctl: Oregon Burbanks. 7"»cfil 10 per ctl: River
Reds. 6O#i7Oc per ctl: Early Rose, $1 10{tl 25
per cl!: b'weet Potatoes. 6C@'*5c.
ONIONS — $2 4062 60 per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas. 5©7c per lb;
String Beans. Sffllc per lb: Wax Beans. S»
10c; Lima Beans, — per lb: Tomatoes. $2 25
per box or crate: Summer Squash, VcESl per
box: hothouse Cucumbers, $1 per dozen; Cab
bage. ,50c per ctl: Carrots. 00©€0c per sack:
Garllc, v 76*e P*r •»: Egg Plant. 5g7c per lb
for southern: Dried Pepper*, nominal; Green
Pepper*. &O075O per box; Mushroom*. l<tQ20c
per lb: Marrowfat and Hubbard Squash, $S£10
per ton.
Poultrr and Game.
Another car of Western Poultry was at hand,
makinr the fifth car received In two days and
the receipts of domestic stock were about 9O
coops. The market was quite active, with
Ducks and all kinds of large chickens In good
demand at hlzber price*. Small Broilers and
Squabs were dull, owing to the - abundance
and comparative cheapness of ', small Wild
Ducks. Dressed Turk'ys were steady with
occasional sales of selected at a slight advance
over the • top quotation. Receipt* were nearly
100 cases. Game was In free supply and in
'cllned to easiness. :
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys. 19©22c per
lb; Live Turkeys. ■ lS620c per lb; 'Geese, per
pair, $262 25; Goslings. $2 25«C 50: Ducks,
$5@6 per dozen- for old and $f<67 for young;
Hens. $40'* 50 for small and $5 5066 for large:
young Roosters, $5 5066: • old * Roosters. $49
!'4 SO; Fryers. - $4 5O©5: . Broilers, $2 5063 50;
1 Pigeon*. $1 25: Squabs. $1 7562.
GAME— Mallard Duck*. $2 5033 50 per doz
en: Canvasback, $364: Teal. $161 25; 8prie.
$1 5C'62: Widgeon. $1 2561 50;Red Heads. $2;
small Ducks.* $16160: Gray G«e«f. $2©3;
White Geese. $161 J*>:- Brant, $162: Honkers.
$365; Snipe. $2 &O for- English and - $1 60 fo»
fcmnwi: Doves.- $1 25;* Hare, $1 75; Rabbits,
$2 for Cottontails and. $1 50. for Brush.
Batter. Cheese and Eggs.
Batter rales firm at the fiat rate of 23c for
creamery, and th« market is lightly stocked. ;
ai nroeh ct the Humboldt tad San Joaqnia ■
Valley output has been lately going to the
higher Los Angeles market. Posafbty the ad
vanced quotation may bring theae diverted
current* back again into this market.
Cheese remains as before stated, thrash Mm*
holders says they are getting 12c in a small
way for choice mild new. . . . ♦
The situation In Egzt showed siff&a of unset- •
Oemeat yesterday. Tha llpht receipU of th«
last few day* have resulted In a well cleaned
up market, only several houses carrying much
ranch rzoci, and.' there was a disposition to ad
vance asking prices. But prediction* of pos»t-
W* rain tended to check this tendency. «o the
market was somewhat eenfused. *
- Receipts wens 20.100 lbs Butter. 470 eases
Eggs and .T500 lbs Chees«.
BUTTER— Creamery at first haads. 23c for
extras and 22&2*c for lower to medium grades;
dairy. 20g23c; cold storage, nominal; store j
Butter, nominal: Eastern cubes, nominal; East- ,
ern ladle-packed. 15©lCc.
CHEESE — HQll^c for choice mild new and
10$10isc fer old; cold storage, 10H911e: Toung
Americas, 12012Hc; Eastern. 1O&13C p«r lh.
EGGS— Ranch. 3Cg40c for good to fancy and
S0S35c for common; store Bggs, 2S63Pc; cold
storage. 25$30c; Eastern. 25©iSc for choice. 22
<?24c for »:an«Jard» and 11*2-1? fcr second*.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Th» cold weather continued to operate
agaicst th« market for fresh fruits and. as on
the preceding day. tra£« was of a light Job
bing character. Citrus fruits wtrt still Is am
ple supply and all Id&da stood as previously
quoted. The principal handlers cf Apples re
ported a steady' market for that description,
cut the market seemed to lack snap and there
was no scarcity of supplle* Strawberries did
a little better, receipts being very light.
Grapes have had their run and the quotations
are- withdrawn. Yesterday's receipts consisted
of a few crates of the Cornlchca variety, which
sold at $1 per crate. Pears and Persimmons
are still In ample supply 'and qui«t at un
changed rates.
STRAWBERRIES— $4©6 per chest.
CRANBERRIES — $9911 per bbl for No. 1
*nd $eg9 for Inferior Eastern and $2 75©3 per
box for Coos Bay.
APPLES— 90c©$l 25 p«r box for fancy «nd
SOC^oc for common to choice; Lady Apples,
$1 75^2 25 p«r box.
PEARS— Winter Nellls. »1 50<n 73 per box;
cooking varieties. 30cf?$l per box.
PERSIMMONS— 50@«3c per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. NaT»ls. $1$2 per
box; Seedlings. $75c«$l; Tangerines. 75e for
small and tl fcr large boxes: Japanese Man
darins, $1^1 25 per box; Lemon* $2 50@? 75
for fancy. $1 75tf2 25 for choice and $1©1 50
for standards; Grapo Fruit. $17502 50: Mexi
can Limes, $4 per case; Bana&as. $2t?3 per
bunch for Central American aad $1©2 for Ha
waiian; Pineapples. $1 5083 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Xuts, Raisins, Honey.
No activity In this line Is expected until
after the turn of the year. Stocks of all de
scriptions except Raisins and Prunes are well
cleaned up and Quotations show no change.
FRUITS— Apricots. 6311c for Royal* and
10®12*iC for Moorparks: Nectarines, 6*4@5*4c
for white and 6*4©T*4c for Redf Peaches. 7* 4 ©
4>*;c per lb: Pears. 7312c; Plums, pitted. 6©
6*,c for blacks, 7»4©«**;c for red and 7©S*,e
for yellow; Figs, 2-crown bricks. 50c: 3-crown.
55c; 4-crown. 60e; 6-crown. 65c; bulk white.
2*;@3c; black, 2*4e5*4c; Evaporated Apples.
46 Cc per lb.
PRUNES— l*i@l\c per lb for the four sixes
and 2*4c basis for the large sizes.
RAISINS— 1904 crop f. o. b. Fresno—Im
perial clusters. $2 2592 50; Dchesa. $1309
1 35; London Layers. «Ocfi51: Loose Muscatels.
4-crown, 5@£**c: 3-crown. 4*4c; 2-crown. 3@
3*4c: Seeded. 4\gec; Thompson's Seedless,
4V»e4*ic: Seedless Sultanas. 36 5c per lb.
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 softshell, 12513c; No.
2. lO&llc; No. 1 hardshell. 12c; No. 2. 10c;
Almonds. 16©17c for Nonpareils 14@14*ic for
I X L. 13*4ttl4 1 4c for Ne Plus Ultra and lie
for Languedoc; Peanuts. 6fj7c for Eastern: Pe
cans. ll©13c; Cocoanuts, $4 50{J5; Chestnuts,
b@9c per lb for Italian.
HONEY— Comb. llu^Uo for white and 10©
lie for amber; water white extracted. 5*,fj-0c;
light amber extracted. 5S5*4cj dark, 3g4hc
BEESWAX— 2762Uc per lb.
Provisions.
All Quotations remain as before, ar. 5 the
market is tame, both here and In the West.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10*4 c per lb for
heavy, 10*4c for light medium. 13c for light.
14c for extra light and 14*4c Xor sugar-cured;
dry Salt Hides. 10c: Bellies. llcaEastern su
gar-cured Hams, 12 to 14 lbs. 12*4c: 15 to
16 lbs, 12c: 17 to 2o lbs. ll*;c: California
Hams. ll*«c: Mess Beef, $10610 50 per bbl:
extra Mess. $10 50@ll; Family. $12#12 50:
prime Me«s Pork. $14 50; extra, dear. t~:
Mess. $1« 50; Pig Pork $25; Pigs* Feet, $5;
Smoked Beef. 14c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6*4c per lb for
California compound. 7c for Eastern compound
and 9c for pure; half-berrels. pure. 9*ic; 10
1b tins. 9»4c: 5-lb tins. 9*jc; 3-lb Ons, 10c
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 8»,c: three
half barrels. &*4c: one tierce. 8*4c; two tierces.
S';c; five tierces. SHc per ib.
Hides, Tallow. Wool and Hops.
Another decline in " Hor>s la noted. Brofers
say that the crc? is turning out seme what
larger than expected, and that It Is rather
larger than last year's. The demand is quiet.
Hides are about Uc lower In the East, but
this market continues very strong, owing chief
ly to the steady export demand for Leather.
Quotations remain unchanged. .
There Is nothinr new in Wool, the market
being jc/ractically bare of stock.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about *<; file under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium. 10c: light. t»S©10c: Cow
Hides. 9-cSlOc for heavy and DVx&lOc for
light; Stags. 7.@7*4c; Salted Kip. 10*4c; Salted
Veal. 11611*. c; Salted Calf. ll*4©12*4c; dry
Hides, 17*4§19c: dry Kip, 15c; dry Calf, 20e;
Sheepskins, shearlings. 25€40c each; short
Wool, 50075c each: medium. 90cg$l 10: long
Wool. $1 25©1 75: Horse Hides, salt. $3 for
large and $2 60 for medium. $1 50&2 for small
and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 for
large and $1 W for medium, $1 for small. 60c
for Coltn. Buck Skins — Dry Mexican, 30c; dry
salted Mexican, 25c: dry. Ontral American.
30c; Goat Skins — Prime Angoras, 75c: extra
large do. $1 25; large, 50c; medium. 55c;
small. 20c.
TALLOW— Not 1 rendered, 4&4*4c per lb;
No. 2.3*ic: Grease, 2*463c. ' ■
WOOL— Fall clip — San Joaqula and South
ern. 9311c: Southern. &69c: Southern Moun
tain. 9611c; Mlddl- Counties, free. 12^1*c:
do defective. 10612c; Northern, free. 12S14c:
do defective. lG-fil-c; Humboldt and Mendo
cino. 16@lSc per lb.
HOPS^ — 1904 crop. 25O2$c per lb; 1905 crop.
17>;@1M\ with most growers asking 20c.
Meat Market.
Slight variations in Mutton .and Veal will b«
noted, but in general th» market la un
changed, supply and demand about balancing.
Some extra Christmas Beet Is bringing i^c
per lb
DRESSED MEATS
Wholesale, rates from slaughters to dealers
are »a follows:
BEEF— e©7c for Steers and 4*4 ©6c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large. 6*489c: small. *@0*4e p»r lb.
MUTTON— Wether*. 7§S*4c; Eww, t»*4f?7*4c
per lb.
LAMB— 9fiJ0c per lb.
PORK— Dre«sed Hog*. 6'i««*^<> per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock delivered in San Francisco, less VMip
45 l>er cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 7*4©7*4c: Cows and Heif
ers 6*466*40; thm Cows. 4g5c per lb.
C\LVE& — I64*4c per lb (gross we!ght>.
SHEEP— Wether*. 3*A#3*;e: Ewes. S333HC
per lb (grow weight*.
LAMBS— $2 5O"32 73 r*T heat
HOGS — Live Hog*. 20O to 25O lbs. 4*;^4T; e:
180 t» £«> lbs. .">«5«4c: *» to ISO lbn. 4*nS4%c:
soft Hogs, not wanted: Sows. 20 per cent off:
Boars. N> per cent off. and Stags, 40 per cent
oC from above quotations.
General 3Ierchandise.
BAGS — Grain Bags, 5*465*»c spot and 6©
RHc for next year; Wool Bags, 3OS32c; Fleece
Twine. 7*»c.
CANNED FRUITS — Following are prices for
the 1904 pack:
» a * as
* »s : %
FRurrs. s I £■ _ 1 1
Apple* j$l 55 $1 3Oj$l 20'tl 10
Apricots I 1 25 1 15 1 05
Blackberries 1 60} 1 « 1 25 1 15
Cherrle*. Royal Anne... 2 10] 1 SOj 1 65 ....
Do white 2 ©Oj 1 65i 1 5W ....
Do Black 1 m 1 GS>. 1 »! ....
Grapes Muscat 1 M 1 IK 1 flO 90
Nectarines 1 50 1 25 1 15 1 05
Peaches. Tellow ! 1 75; 1 » 1 25i 1 15
Pears. Bartlett. 1 W, I 6l>' 1 SOi 1 SO
Plum*. Green Gage 1 331 1 10 1 OtH 9O
D3 Damson 1 40-; 1 15! 1 00 1 00
Raspberries 2 601 2 25 2 00! 1 90
Strawberries 2 00| 1 75' 1 flrtj 1 40
CANNED VEGETABLES— Tomatoes. 2*4-lb,
standards. 65670c; gallon standard*. $2; 3-lb.
*olld pack. 87*4<W0c: Green Pea» — Petlts pola.
$135: extra sifted, $1 15; standard sifted. $1;
standards. S56U0c; Marrowfat^ S5@S7*4c f. o.
b. San Francisco.
COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton: New Wel
lington, $S; Seattle, $6 50: Bryant. $6 50;
Beaver Hill. $5 50; Hoslyn. $7; Coos Bay. $5 50;
Richmond. $3; Cumberland. $13 In balk and
$14 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannel. $9 per ton; Coke. $11 506-13 per
ton in bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky Mountain
description*. $K SO per short ton.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per lb. 4*4c;
cares, regular. $5 55: cases, extra large. *.\c;
Eastern style. 6?;c; boneless. 6*;e: "Norway."
6*4e; "Narrow Gauge," 6*;c; "Silver King.T
7*4«: blocks. "Oriental." 6*4e; blocks. "Sea
bright." 7c; tablets. 7*;c: middles, 76»»4e;
fancy boneless. l*»,f/9%c: pickled Cod. bbls. $S;
pickled Co^i. half bbh. $4 75. - .
> CORDAGE — The local company quotes as
follow*, 6O days . or !4 per cent discount for
cash, no sales under lO.tOO lb*. ; Manila. 15c:
Sisal. 10%c; Duplex, 9*;c; Bale Rope. 11%Q
12«4c per lb.
COFFEE — Coata. Rica (nominal), stock Ana
bags— 13014c for strictly' prime to fancy
washed: llV.S12<4c for crime washed; 10*a«>
AUCTION SALES
z?"* 7 * ifc*V /©
AUCTION SALE— WEDNESDAY. Dec. 21,
at 11 a. m.. ARCADE liORSK MARKET. 3it
SIXTH ST.. 50 GOOD HORSES aad MARC*.
JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
lie for good washed: 11612c for good to prba*
wasfaei] peatwrry; l«r§llc tor good t>» prim*
peaberry: l»311c for good to prtme: *%%O:»«
for fair: 6%83c for comauo to ordinary. /
Salvador, stock 33iS hags — 124213c for :a.-.:/
washed, nosslsal; 11911»ic fcr strictly prime
washed, nominal: lTJ4Jlo* 4 c for good to prim*
washed: 9S9Vic for fair washed; li^llc for
fair to prime wa«hed peaberry; 9% ©10c for
Kood to' srime semi-washed. B^fW^c f<Jr su
perior unwashed, nominal; 9c for good greea
uowasbed. nominal; x-,'rli"- for good to su
peTior unwashed peaberry; 6'iSSc for inferior
to ordinary. '
Nicaragua (nominal), stock 340 bags — 119
13c for crime to fancy washed: 9i;91' vl ie f 3 r
fair to strictly gocd washed: 8i;e«Hc far
rood to superior unwashed; 9%Qloc for good
to prime unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala 'stock 14.5u2 bags) — ar.d Mexican -
(stock J>C2 bag3) — 13614c fcr fancy washed,
nominal: HJJl-^c for prima to strictly prime
washed, nominal; 10Htj(10?ic for strictly good
washed; 10©10' 4 c for good washed: 9» 4 JIO» 4 f
for fair washed. S3S»»c for medium ; «»7»,c
for Inferior to ordinary; lOHeilVtc for g->ud
to prime washed peaberry: i#i,mue for good
to prime unwashed peaberry: 5*§S#* t e for good
to Puperirr unwashed.
LEATHER— Sole. heavy. 20^31c: #xtr»
heavy. 3lt»33o per 1b; medium. 2»^3oe: light.
27023c; Rough Leather. :»©3<>c; Harness
Leather, heavy. 3^837c for No. 1 aad S21f.4c
for No. 2; medium. 30©37c: light. .2»Q»c:
sklrtinc. No. I. 4O«l42c: No. 2 Sft^SSc; O>J
lar Leath-r. 15@16c per foot: trace Leather,
40tM4e: Kip. unanJshed. 4ue5Ge per 1b: Veal.
finished. 5(«&«<c per lb: Caif. finished. 65ctf$l
per lb; War !ndes. 16917c per foot: Belt Kaifs
SrHts. 14@16c: Raush ffpllt*, 8010c per lo.
TANBARK— Ground, J25?CS per toa; atlc*.
$10 5o©l» per cord.
OILS — Quotations ar» for barrets; for cases
add 3c: Linseed. 55c per gallon fcr boiled and
£3c for raw; Castor Oil in case*. No. 1. TPe:
Bakers' AA, cases. SI 1&81 12: Lccol..50c so*
boiled and 4Sc fcr raw; China Nut. cases. 659
80c per gallon: Coccanut O*l. to barrels. 6*e
fcr Ceylca and 55e for AustAllaa: extra
bleached winter ?pcrrn Oil, 6^c; ratural win
ter Sperm Oil. 63c: extr* bleached wlnt«f
Whale OH. 57c: natural Whale Oil. 52c: rstr»
winter strained Lard Oil. 75c; No. 1 Lard OK.
C5c; pure Neatsfoc.t OIL 73c: No. 1 Neatsfoot ■
Oil. C3c: light Herring Oi!. 42p: dark Herrtnc
OIL 40c: Salmon Oil. 34c: busied Fish Oil. S7c:
raw Fish Oil. 35c; boiled Paint Oil. 33c: raw
Paint OiL 31c. - -
COAL OIL— Water Wh.t* Coa! Oil In »*!!*.
13c; Pearl Oil. in case?. 19%c; Antral. lOUe:
Star. lD4c; Extra Star. 22Uc: Elarae. itJc;
Eocen-. 21 He; Decdorijed Stove Gaso41n«. la
balk. 16c; in case*, ii^c: Benzine, in bulk.
l-1c: in cases. 13 i,c; <*>-degree Gasoline. In
bulk. 25c: in <as*». 31c.
Tl'RPENTlNE — 75c per gallctj In ease* an4
69<". in drums and iron harrela.
RED AND LEAP— Red Lead. 7H9
7*»c Per lb; White \^*<i. 7 l ;©7»ic; according
to qnantitv.
Ql'ICKSILVER— *4Ce41 5rt for local use sni
f&ff:» per flask for ex:«rt.
SALT— Bales. 90o for consmon and II tor
granulated: Dairy $5 » per tan; GrasulatH.
Ji-S'i B0; Half Ground tOMb bags *: J" : •'. .
5lt-lb bars. S3 75: Rock Salt. VI 75«P in 10O
i and t-1 25 in 5»Vlb bag»: Genuine Liverpool.
911 50. S12 ."•• and $13 5U per ton i.i packages
of 224. 110 and 5" lbs re«r>ectlveiy.
SUGAR— The Western Surar R*Snln< Ccrn
pe.ny quote* a* follows per lb. in lOO-lb ba»«:
I Cube*. "A Crushed and Fine Crashed. 6.25c:
Powdered. (Lttej Candy Granuiated, «.!0c; Dry
Granulated, fire <"<•: Dr>' Granulat»<1. coarse.
| 6c: Fruit Granulated: «c: Beet Oramilat»4
I <1CO-Ib bag* only). 5.f«0c; Cnnfectl.-r.ers' A. 6c:
! Masmolia A. 5.«?0c: Extra C. 5.T.0c: GoMea C.
I 5.4<ic: " - D."' 5.X0c: barrels. 10c mere: half
barrel". 25c more: boxes. E*>cmore: 5<>-lb bag*.
I 10c more fcr all kinfi.-. TaWets— Half barr?l«.
J «.50c; boxes. 0.75c: H. it -E. Oryrtal Domino*.
I 9c per lb. No order* tafcfn for less than mt-
I ecty-flve b«rr»U cr it« equivalent.
LUMBER— Pine, ordinary sfze«. $15313: ex
! tra sixes histhfr: Redwood. $U»e2': Lath. 4
! feet. $.1 75fl4: Picket*. $17620: Shlag'.es. $2
I for No 1 and $1 50 for No. 2: Shakes. $1* for
split and |15 for sawn: Rustic. SC3§33.
Receipt* of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY. DECEMBER 2*.
i FI.%ur o.r sks.. 9.WH8T, tons 14A
I Wheat, ctls ... 17.70O'Hop». ba!e» V>*
[Barley, ctls ... 3.4<n'Wool^ balea .... «>
! Com (West). ctls 300'Leather. rclls .. 43
> Rye ctls 121 Hide*. No 1»4
j Tallow. « Is ... .VJ'Liiae bbls 4-V»
j Beans 5k* l^lVParer reams .. 1.27O
! Potatoes. >ka .. 4..'-'« Branrfy. ga!>» ... 11.9.V>
I Ocloni". sks l<-<5' Chicory. hhl» ••- —
'Bran «ks «7:v.ine. ga'.s 15i>.:oi
Middlings sk». . 20 P.ai3in>t. bxs ... l.?£*
: • OREGON.
I Floar. ijr cks.. 7.1»>'Oaions, sks .... 571
; Wheat, ctls ... 14.158'Bran. »ks t.2''^>
'. Barley ct!s 14'»iFlaxseed. s»s... .tS7
j Oats ctls »■!» Fe<^3. sks »" #CO.
Potatoes sks . . 57?.!
STOCK MARKET.
Stock and Bond Exchange Fixes It*
Christmas Holiday.
Local stocks ar.d bonds continued laactiv*
and brokers look .for a dull market until after
the holidays. The oil and mining stocks wer*
also quiet, with no especial feature, except
some fluctuation in Ophir.
Ex-dividend yesttrday: Central Light aad
Power. 3c; Apollo Oil. lc.
The International Silver Company will pay
a regular quarterly d!vt3end of 1 per " cett
January 3.
The North Star Mines Company has declared
a dividend of 35c. payable December ZX
The Montebello Land and Water Company
has levied an assessment of. $15. dellnquem
February 9.
The Alaska Mexican Mining Company ha*
declared a dividend of 30c per share payable
December 28.
The Continental Building aad Loan Associa
tion has declared a semi-annual dividend of S
per cent per annum on ordinary deposits. 6 per
cent on linn deposits and 7 per cent os claae
"F" inytaltment stock, payable January 3.
The California Fruit Canners'- Assudatioa
paid a regular monthly dividend of Cue yes
terday.
California Powder Works <nsw corporation)
paid a regular monthly dividend cf 50c yes
terday.
The Stock and Bond Exchange dwrld?d yes
terday to remain closed on Saturday. Decem
ber 2*. as well as on Monday. December 28.
and en Saturday. December 31. as well as oa
Monday. January 2. The exchange will prctf>
ably commence regular business in its new
boardroom In the Merchants' Exchange build
in* on Tuesday. December 27.
The Greene Consolidated Copper Company
paid a dividend of 4 per cent on Its capital
stock yesterday. The last previous dividend
paid In September was at tae rate of STper
cent.
The Calumet and Hecla-Slinicg Company of
Michigan paid a regular quarterly dlvtied of
$10. amounting to $1.00O.OfO yesterday. This
makes $49 per chare paid in dividends ia.i
year, against $35 per share last year.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. Dec 20—2 ». m.
UNITED STATE3 BONDS.
Bid. Ask.', F.-.l Aaic
4s qr coap..l"6 a 41"'!H'4a qr cp new.131 131 J-i
4s qr reg.. -105%IU6'«t3ii qr coup... — 104*»
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5*. — — Oak T Co 6s.l2?» —
Asso Oil 5s. S4'-; — Do 5s .....113 114^
Bay CPC 5*.UU 1C2 Do con 59.1O4S1O5
Cal C G 5».1O4 — Oceanic S 5*. 7<>t, 72*4
Cal G * E g |Om Cab!e 6*. — C-t >
m * ct 5*. S4 1 ; «3*4>Pac G Im 4s. — •■ — "
Cal-st C 5*114 — IP E Ry Ss^'lCS lC^*-4
C C Wat 5*. — 89 <P A C H Cs.104 — \
EdL * P «!■. — 12« |P * O R «*. — —
F * C H 6s.ll5*4 — Powell- st 6a. — —
Gearv-st »*.. — 85 Isac EG*RS«. 101*4 —
H CAS 5*4s.lO5 — |SF £ SJV5S.119** —
Do 5a 101S — ISIerra F. 6s.. — —
Hen R T 6».lf*^4 — IS P of A 61
L A dec 58.105 — ( <190n> 109«; —
L A Ry 5s.. 116*4 — 11910* 110\» —
LAL Co 6s — — !SPcfC6»
Do gtd 6s. — — I «l!K«)?r A. 101 111'*
Do gtd B»104*; — 1 (lt«f«)Sr B. — 1G3*»
LAP lem 59.101 — j »19C6> 104% —
Mkt-st C fs.116 — ! <1012> 114*4 —
Doles) 5».116 116VSPC 1 eg 5». — ~J
MV* MtT5*.105 110 ! Do utarapd.K* —
NRR of CGs-loeUloeVS P B R 0».ir» 138
Do 5s — — |B V Wat 6s.lM T 4 —
N P C R 59.105*4 — i Do 4s 2dm.l0n*» — .
N C Ry 5*.. — — i Do 43 3dm. »»S —
NCPCBs. — — ! Dor tnt*4s 97** —
X S R R 5*. W 103 Stka G&EHs. SCt —
OO LAH 5a. — 110 !u O * E 5s.lO2*4 —
O W gtd 6«. — ICO iUR of SF 4a. *'\ M
Continued on Pace Fourteen.
ADVERTISEMENTS. -
Katl|j%|l. ***JAff r2A.\CtXa,CAL\
t_y COMMONiy CALLED , £
\THEBiG BOAHJy P
r GOIB FIELD \
I J*l/ft/4G yf/OCK LISTED" 1 "|
> COM.Jte. °?J5%' J
/ UST or*ttMB£X<S JZMT TO . <
|J j\_K-At*Y • 4J0LP^f r<jr f- | _i l ,-^V>-
1516
VARIOUS PHASES OF LITIGATION IN THE LOCAL COURTS
MOTION TO NONSUIT
OVERRULED BY COURT
Attorney Collins in Monnier Will Con
le*t Tries to Have Case Closed,
Alleging Insufficient Evidence.
The counsel for both sides in the
Monnier will contest that Is being
tried in Judre Graham's court spent
yesterday arguing over the motion
made by Attorney George D. Collie
for the proponent to nonsuit on the
ground that the contestant failed to
prove his case. After strenuous argu
ment, alternating among Collins, Sul
livan and Roche, the court overruled
the motion to nonsuit, and again sub
mitted the case to the Jury.
Two other Issues brought up by Col
lins were also fought over, and the
court will announce its decision this
morning. They are the claims made
by Collins that the testimony as to the
legitimacy of George Monnier Jr.
should be stricken out, as the adop
tion record, which was admitted as
evidence, establishes the son's right
to contest. The other motion by Col
lins was to strike out all testimony
relating to the supposed remarks of
the elder Monnier as to what provision
he Intended making for his son.
These motions were strongly op
posed by Sullivan and Roche, who ar
gued that In case the proceedings
•went to the Supreme Court with the
testimony of illegitimacy out It might
necessitate a new trial, should the
Supreme Court decide that the adop
tion record was Invalid.
The contestant's attorneys opposed
the second motion on the gi-ound that
It was only by the remarks made by
Monnier Sr. to witnesses that the
father's disposition toward his son
could be accurately determined. The
case goes on this morning at 10
o'clock.
Do Yon Want a Good Trunk?
It will make your journey doubly
pleasant by taking with you one of our
good-lookln; space-saving trunks and
•uit cases. We also have traveling rolls,
combs, brushes, lap tablets, pockotbooks.
card cases and cameras. We can furnish
you everything that makes traveling a
pleasure and our prices are always ripht.
Sanborn. Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •
Olsen's Injuries Fatal
Axel Olsen, the seaman who fell
into the hold of the ship Grenada last
Sunday afternoon, died in St. Mary's
Hospital yesterday from the effects of
his injuries.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ' ■ ' ' ' "/ ■ ". - . -.
. G. This question is on every
Wjf W HI "GIFT BUYING" is essentially
W * a "GIFT PLACE," where hun-
dreds of articles combining- practical usefulness with artistic beauty await the
Smoking Jackets $5-°° to $35°° ■'• Fancy Suspenders ccc to $5.00
Ninety-four Varieties. . , One Pa , r , n Box .
Lounging Robes .......... $5.00 to $60.00 . . Silk Pajamas. ............. .■.-. $6; co to i'$ic. 00
Varieties. v- , ' " ' ■ Just Received. • *' " •■ • '
Bath Robes..: $3-5° to S^- 00 Initialed Handkerchiefs ,. - . ....$2.00 and $3.00
: Warranted Fast Colors. . - # Pure Linen. Six In a Box. '•• ,
Neckwear 50c to $3.50 Full-Dress Mufflers ...... •>. / . ... $1,50 to #7.00
Immense Varieties. • ■ ; ; - , Latest Models. .. •
Silk Umbrellas $2.50 to $20.00 Gloves and Glove Orders ....... $1.00 to $4.50
Plain and Mounted Handles. _ • For Men and women. _
FOR MEN AND WOMEN: * v
Leather CJonrl*; m . astl y X/Torlr Pr^co C^ Londonand •
J^CdLllCl VJUUUb from lViarK l^TOSS S^jO. New York •
" "Riley" Auto. Robes..... $10.00 to $30.00 ' Ladies' Shopping Bags .:....:.. .$10.50 to $25.00
In Colors to Match. " / . 6 Pigskin and Morocco. .
Leather Suit Cases $5.00 to $60.00 , Ladies' Suit Case's. .......... .:..$5.oo to $55.00
- • ■ . Plain and Fitted. ' ; .[ • Plam and Fltted . " • ; .: : ;-; : •
English Oxford Bags $9.00 to $20.00 . > Leather Picture -Frames ....;.. ..$4.25 to $7.5o
New^Shapes. New Shades. For -All Size Photos.
" Military Brushes. .............. $3.50 to $5.00 Desk Calendars . ': .:.'.:. . ; .. ; . . . . . $4.25 to $6.00
; Bridge Whist Sets^^^. ; ,. $3.00 to $1150., Writing Portfolios . :;^:5o to $2o.oo
Cigar Cases and Magazines .... .$100 to $13.00 Desk Sets. :^\^^^^^30»o to $35.oo;
Cigarette Cases ..$1.50 to $10.00 . Traveling; Enveloped B lpckF*U ;■; .$3.25- to $8.00
;.•'/.:.: :>,.■••* ;> -:,■': English Pigskin. /;' . '~' ~C " • . . Several Styles. •'../ ■-, :X," '
Roll-Up Dressing Cases v. . . . . . . $3 50 to $25.00 : - Ladies' Dressing . Cases: . ; .::. /,: :•. .$3.5o" to $15:po,
' ' ' Immense Variety. ■ ■. ...;:■ •..: Assorted Leathers. '~
English Coin Purses. .......... .$1.00 to $3.00 Housekeeping Book Sets. '...:...'.'. $j.5o to $12.5o:
"Cross" Monogram Fobs. . ...... .... . . . . $1.00 "Cross" Monoo-ram Fobs .V/. ... .^ .... Hkl 00
Regular Price $1.50. Xmas Special. • ' ■ Regular Price $1.50. ■ Xmas Special. ' •
LOOTS OF LEEWAY FOR YOUR PURSE— LOTS OF VALUE WHEREVER YOU; ;PUT YOUR FINGER
ELiECTlOX BOARD RENEWS
FIGHT FOR ITS RIGHTS
Notice of Motion Filed to Stop Any
Proceedings on the Amended
Accusation.
When the matter of the amended
accusation against the Election Com
missioners, charging them with mal
feasance in office," was called in Judge
Lawlor's court yesterday morning: At
torney T. V. Cator, on behalf of the
Commissioners, filed a preliminary
motion to set aside the process, which
will be argued this morning.
The motion sets forth that the Com
missioners are not under or within
the Jurisdiction of the court, and, re
serving their right to demur against
the illegality of the accusation, they
object to any proceedings by the court
against them because no legal or law
ful process has been served. For that
and other reasons .they move that the
court set aside the process and service
thereof.
The motion was accompanied by an
affidavit of James A. Devoto, one of
the accused Commissioners, who al
leges that none of the accused or their
attorneys were present in court when
the order was made on December 7
placing the case on the calendar for
December 20. He also alleges that
the indorsement of the title of the
cause was omitted in the indorsement
made upon the papers served by the
Sheriff and that the return was not
annexed to the original accusation.
Another allegation is that when the
paper dated December 7 was issued
there was not existing nor pending in
any court any accusation in the name
of the people against the Commission
ers. He averred therefore • that the
issuance of the paper was in excess
of "the jurisdiction of the court and
was null and void.
Bnrnett'x Vnnlllit Kxtract u*«d
and highly indorsed by all leading hotels. •
LaWsIn Presiding Justice.
Justice of the Peace Lawson was
yesterday elected presiding Judge by
his four Republican associates, who
had expressed their intention of so
honoring him last week. Lawson, feels
highly flattered at his elevation* in
view of the fact that }ie is a Democrat
in rolitics.
EKATERIXODAR. Ruwla. Dec. 20.— Two
cavalry regiments and six infantry battalions
from the Caucasus have left here for the front.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 21, 1904.
SISTERS OF CHARLES FAIR
SUE TO RECOVER TAXES
Paid More Than $130,000 Into the
Public Treasury for Their Share
in Inheritance.
Garoutte & Goodwin have started
another action moving toward the pile
of coin that has been dumped into the
city treasury by the collection of col
lateral inheritance tax. Jn this case
their clients are Theresa A. Oelrlchs
and Virginia Vanderbllt, sisters .of
Charles L. Fair. For the fortune they
received from their brother's estate
they were obliged to pay $130,330 65
to Treasurer John E. McDougald.
The payment was made on June 24
last, at which time the inheritance tax
law had ben declared valid lpy the Su
preme Court. They paid the money to
avoid the penalty of 10 per cent and
now sue for its recovery.
Pretty Works of Art
Can now be found In the new artistic de
signs in picture frame mouldings at very
moderate prices. They come in the lat
est finishes and Bhapes, together with ex
clusive styles in ready-made frames, in
ovals, circles and s'quare. New tinted
and colored mat boards, with binding pa
per to match. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741
Market street." V t •
Keimann Loses His Case.
In the matter of the libel of Carl
Reimann against the American ship
Shenandoah United States District
Judge de Haven yesterday dismissed
the libel and awarded costs against
Keimann^ Reimann was injured by
falling from the( rigging to the dck.
a gasket upon Mich he had been
pulling hAving given way. He alleged
that it was the fault of the master
and owners that the line was rotten.
Judge de Haven found that the master
and owners were not to blame.
When your bowels are constipated,
when your appetite is poor, take' Lash's
Kidney and Liver Bitters." •
Thrown From a Horse.
J. Jorgensen, who owns a saloon at
Eighth and Market streets, sustained
serious injuries yesterday. while horse
back riding on Market street His
horse stumbled and fell under him,
throwing the rider violently. The in
jured man was treated at the Emer
gency Hospital by Dr. Charles F. Mil
lar.
NEGLECTED WIFE GETS
DIVORCE FROM ACTOR
California Girl Says' Theatrical Man
Does Not Support Her— Suits
Filed and Decrees Given.
"A divorce was granted yesterday by
Judge Kerrigan to Norma L. Smith
from Eddie P. Smith, an actor, who is
unable to support her. She is a Cal
ifornia girl. They were married at
Spokane in 1899. Smith is now play
ing with a company at Los Angeles.
Judge ; Hebbard ordered Charles
Duebel to pay his wife, Frieda, $300
for counsel fees and $60 a month ali
mony pending the trial of her suit for
divorce. ""< He is a contractor. They
were married in IS 75 and she gave
him:- $700 with which to go into busi
ness,' and says he has built up a for
tune of $CO,000. •■ ■ ' •■- '
. Decrees, of. separation were given
by Judge Seawell to Lillie Peaslee
from John Peaslee for !j neglect; < to
Benson G. Lee from Sarah M. Lee, de
sertion;' by Judge' Hebbard to James
E. Hall from Nellie Hall, desertion;
to Laura P.". Gerdrun from . Charles
Gerdrun, desertion; to Margaret
Shonessy from James Shonessy, de
sertion; by Judge Graham td Marlon
A. Grigsby from Clara. I. Grigsby, ex
treme cruelty; to Katherine Weid
mann from Albert Weidmann, intem
perance; by Judge Kerrigan to Fran
ces A. Brown from Edward J. Brown,
desertion. ;
Jennie M. Brown" has' filed an t af
fidavit declaring that William T.
Brown, assistant cashier of the Pacific
States Telephone and Telegraph Com
pany, has ceased paying her the $50
a month alimony ordered by the court
at the time she was? given an interloc
utory decree in November of last
year. The payments w'ere to be con
tinued as long as she remained un
married.
A dream of pleasure, the new two for
quarter size American. $2 75 box 25. •
Petitions in Insolvency.
Petitions in insolvency were filed
yesterday in the United States District
Court as follows: C. C. Jennings,
bookkeeper, San Francisco, liabilities
$3951, no assets; Frank Johnson, lum
berman. Fort Bragg, liabilities $140,
no assets.
BUFFALO. N. Y., Dec. 20. — Attorney Gener
al John VQuneen has decided to apply to the
courts fc\r^ a receiver for the German Bank,
which suspended recently. • ■
WIDOW OF DR. GONZALES
! WANTS VALUABLE LAND
Her Effort in Court to Get Beat Part
>o£ Ranch Is Opposed by the
Other Heirs.
. An effort to have! $75,000 worth of
land set apart as homestead is being
made in Judge Kerrigan's court by
Kdie W. Gonzales, widow of the late
Dr. Mariano K. Gonzales, and the plan
is being opposed by Anita. Gonzales,
daughter of the deceased. The pro
ceedings may partly be considered as
a skirmish for a probable contest of
Gonzales' will by the widow and
daughter. The year in which 'such a
movement may be made has nearly
elapsed and Mrs. Gonzales Is anxious
to : determine her- homestead rights.
Her application is • for the cream of
a 6600-acre. ranch near the town of-
Gonzales, in Monterey County. The
ranch is now divided into several
farms, occupied by lessees. The en
tire, property is valued at $175,000.
Mayor Robert Johnson of Monterey,
executor of the estate, was on the
stand yesterday to explain the lay of
the land. '
The widow is represented by Charles
S. 'Wheeler, the daughter by Judge
Slack and the administrator by Reuben
II. Lloyd. Several grandnephews and
grandnieces are represented by T. L.
Geary Jr. • They are the residuary
legatees under the will and say that
if the widow's demand is granted their
value in the estate will be injured.
As it now stands Mrs. Gonzales is en
titled to a fourth of the income from
the land. The hearing will be re
sumed to-morrow.
It's a. 'Merry Christmas.
Even some of . our 1905 calendars are
funny, some of them are pretty and the
California poppy, poinsettia, little Chi
nese and redwoods are very artistic. This
is always the best place to buy these lit
tle things and now is the time. Sanborn,
Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
■ ADAM GRANTS RICH ESTATE.— The
ettate of the j late Adam Grant, who was a
member of the firm of Murphy, Grant & Co.
has been appraised at $l.e8S,374 03 by J.M.
Quay, Lawrence Vincent ■ and Charles F.
O'Callaghan, who were appointed by the court
to determine the value. Of the whole amount
$472,207 37 Is In cash in the hands of the ex
ecutors. The Interest in Murphy, Grant &
Co. is valued at- $399,500, and. among: the
securities are Bank of California shares worth
fSO.OOO and Gas and Electric stock worth $52..
000. The chief realty values are in the prop
erty at Bush and Sansome streets. $297,916;
at Geary and Mason streets. (250.000, and at
Rush and Leavenworth streets. $15,000.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
O'Connor, Moffatt ®> Co.
Useful Christmas Gifts
Among the many pretty and useful articles which we
are showing for the holiday trade are the following:
Leather Bags Opera Bags ~~
The largest variety of the best ; . . .
values in the very newest Newest novelties in Fancy Silk,
styles of Seal, Sea Lion, Japanese Damask, Broadtail
Walrus, Frogskin and Moroc- Velvet and handsome hand-
co leather bags, braided an4 painted Silk Opera Bags. Fin-
double strap handles; fitted . . . - tU t>^___ „,.
with card case and coin purse. ishcd Wlth R « ma " *° W &'■*
Some have mirror and scent top frames and silk cords,
bottle, »C r ~>m— :''»—.
$1.25 to $13 each $1 to $12.50 earA
Brush and Comb Sets Umbrellas.
S,erHn f SHv.r S& for Ldic, or A
gentlemen, consisting of two, in gjjk serge, taffeta and
three or four pieces, with ex- gloria. The newest designs in
quisite raised designs. Also handles, comprising combir.a-
solid Ebony Sets with sterling tions of gold, silver, pearl, gun
silver mnnnaram niate* metal, horn and natural wood,
silver monogram plates, Ladles' ftl.KO to JRlS.r.o
$2.75 tO $17 5O APP Qet Mens' «1.5O to $-1 .%.<»<>
VG ,<JWipW »JV per &«fc children's .SI .OO to »**.7r>
Eiderdown Robes Silk Petticoats
Black Silk Petticoats, accordion
Superior quality ripple Eider- pleated with flared flounce?,
down Robes, trimmed with " $5.OO to $20.00 eac h
satin. Colors «rc pink, blue, Col ° r j d S ,; lk P ettl c° ats . new
, . ... . shades — all styles^ —
red and gray. ; AU sizes, $G.OO to 915.OO each
Oil tt\ *lff ai»r«K Plaid Silk Petticoats —
»> to »iu eacn gio.so to each
Initial Handkerchiefs in Boxes
A box of Handkerchiefs is al- Ladies' Handkerchiefs^ — 91.00,
ways an acceptable Christmas $1.5O, £2.25,. $3.OO per box-
gift. We are showing a very AT^", doZ u n - ., .- , «-.
, ,. . ? Men s Handkerchiefs — $1.5O
complete line, embracing many $2.4O, J^S.OO per box of */,'-
new patterns in Embroidered dozen.
y Handkerchiefs and new styles Children's Handkerchiefs— 23c
of initials. | fancy box, M-dozen in box.
Men's Neckwear Gloves.
Splendid assortment of the new- We carry complete assortments
est styles of Men's Neckwear »« the best makes of Gloves £or
in Four-in-Hands, Tccks and Men, Women and Children.
English Squares, including Dent's, Fownes and
50c, 75c, $ 1 .00 , s R t r?siik K Giov«r"' ""* Kay -
....NOTE....
Open evenings until Christmas.
Glove or \jf£2/2- ji jl
Merchandise &Z'Tp7p#Z&X>4
Orders \£f
We issue Glove -*£S^y^(£?TttZ&T\
or- Merchandise c tABLi$/*^ cL 4^ s Zl"
Orders which are tS ,^6 d
redeemable at any . timmw^<^\j^J
time in all depart- 11i|*^1Of n '
ments . HI tO lZl POSt StTCCt
SAMUELi NEWMAN LIES
» ILL IX LOCAL HOSPITAL
Former * Prominent Democratic Pol
itician '. Is . Very Low After
Operation at Waldeck.
Samuel Newman, one of the best
known politicians in San Francisco,
lies In a precarious condition at the
Waldeck Hospital as a result of an
operation which " he underwent two
days ago. For a time yesterday it was
feared that he would not live through
the day, but last evening the patient
fell Into a peaceful sleep, and at mid
night' it was reported that he was
showing signs of improvement, al
though still very low.
Newman was for many years prom
inently identified with the Democratic
party in this city, and was also known
as a confidential friend of Chris Buck
ley, the political boss. He served in
several political positions, the latest
being the secretaryship of the State
Board of Railroad Commissioners. Dur
ing the past few years he has been en
gaged in the railroad ticket business.
His illness was of a sudden nature and
necessitated his entering the Waldeck
Hospital at an early hour in the morn
ing a few days ago.
CITY WILL SOOX OWN '.'/■ v
I SITE FOR A CEMETERY
Supervisors Negotiate for Purchase of
Twenty-Five- Acre Tract In San
Mateo for $5000.
Supervisor d'Ancona.of the Finance
Committee stated yesterday that the
city will shortly be in possession of a
cemetery for the burial of the indigent
dead. The committee is at present
negotiating for the purchase of a
twenty-five-acre tract In San Mateo
County, which is deemed in every way
desirable for the purpose. The owner
of the tract has offered to sell it to
the city for $200 an acre. As an ap
propriation of $5000 has been
made to buy a cemetery site
the city is in a ' position to ac
quire it at once. . There are some
details to be attended to In the matter,
but it Is. expected that before two
months have passed the city will be
burying its indigents instead of having
it done by contract, which has proven
objectionable -in more ways than one
for. many years. .
AI7JOMOBILE CRASHES
y INTO A STREET CAR
Two' Women Arc Hurled to the Street,
, but Luckily Escape Serlons
Injury. • •
The gayety of an automobile ride for
two .women was rudely interrupted 'by
:i collision between the machine and
car 452 of • the Jackson-street line at
Market and Powell streets about 11:30
o'clock last night. They were hurled
violently to the pavement by the force
of jthe- impact, but fortunately escaped
with only a few bruises. One was ren
dered insensible, but quickly revived
Ina. near-by cafe.
Hartley F. Phillips, who gave his
residence as 1S7.S Market ' street, was
the chauffeur. He kept his s.eat. He
swerved from Market street into Pow
ell at a lively pace, but did not reckon
on'.the sharp turn the streetcar makes
to run on the turntable. The left side
of the' automobile was smashed. . .
UEITTEXAXT RICHARDS' CASE , .
AVILIi COME UP AGAIN TO-DAY
Coloriel George H. Torney Will Act on
.'Board In 'Place of Colonel I'-
Girard. Retired.
Lieutenant Richards' case will come
up for hearing to-day in the office of
<he Judge advocate. The place of
Colonel A. C. Girard, wl)o was retired
yesterday from the board, has been
filled by Colonel George H. Torney.
The other members of the court are
Colonel Charles Morris, president of
the board; Captain John J. Bradley
recorder; Colonel Georgo Andrews!
Colonel R. H. Patterson and Major
Louis Brechemin.
General Moore will inspect the
general hospital at the Presidio to
day at 2 p. m. Thl* will completa
his inspection work of the posts about
the bay.
The transport Thomas will sail for
Manila on Saturday. December 31.
She will take 504 recruits to go Into
the cavalrv and Infantry ranks In the
islands.
Spend Christmas With the Home Folks
The Christmas reason will sooa b» here. It
you have "hom« folks" why not vtalt them
on the reduced rates offered by thm Southern
Pacific? It will not cost much to mai« a
trip home or to visit friends, and Christmas
will be a happier day for you.
Tickets sold December 24. 25 and 28 will b»
rood for return until December 27. whlla
tickets sold December 81 and January 1 will
be good for return until January 3. 1905. Ask
any agent about these low rates or at city
ticket ofnee. 613 Market street. •
Dead Pauper's Body Found.
Robert Wlnans, who had been an
inmate of the County Almshouse since
November 2, was found dead at 9
o'clock yesterday morning In a va
cant lot on Sixteenth street, near Kan
sas. He had been granted four days*
leave of absence, beginning Monday
morning, and when last seen alive wa3
Intoxicated. A Xew Testament and a
flask that had contained whisky were
found in his pockets. Death was dua
to natural causes. Winans was a na
tive of Ohio, 69 years old.
ADVERTISEMEyrs.
I h? A Kk j E3a!f "^ jfe*r^V il
■Wednesday, Thgr»d«y, Friday. • 3a.tarfl.ay. '
XMA3 CANDLJa. BEST. BOX 10a.
Bast Sastexn Sams Xb. 12c
Aey'brsnd. Corn fed. mild curs. »weat;, any
.size; worth lCc. ■ - - '
LARGE FARD DATES. 2 LB3. 23c
Mixed Hnts n>» l&c
Mammoth in tise; brisht. new nuts; worth &>c
MINCE MEAT, JfRS. FABER'S. 2 LB3. 23c^
BUTTER, square 30c
Clover Valley Creamery. For tablo and
cooking; usual aiz«.
OJ« SALE AT STORBL
Coffee. Plam Pudding. Cranberries. Sal-
lias. Poultry Seasoning 1 . Popcorn,
Pressed TUcs, Shelled Almonds. Pre-
served Olnjrer, Table PraltJ. Voirata-
bles. Shrimp, Lobsters, etc
t SPECIAL Z.IQUOES.
Keatnciy O. K. Wnlsky, 4 yr. «^2.25
Maryland Bye Wnlaky. . . piL 82.HO
KcBrayer Wnlsky, 8 year gTO. .S.'J. I T»
Oood arape Brandy gral. $2.25
pttbx vnsnzz at cut psxcxs.
Port cr Snerry, St. Jollen . . gal. GTic
Port cr Sherry, Asti, 6 year sral. sSf
Tonic Port, 8 year* old gral. 81.15
Zinfaadel, rich red wins. . . gral. 43c
j Tabla Claret, Sonoma .pal. ".">♦•
XSX Claret, 5 years old ffaL .~Oc
Bieslingr. very clear „ ffaL 5flc
Golden Siexlln? AA, dry ffaL T5c
BOTTLED GOODS.
Oltl Government Whisky bot. 75c
Jesse SXoore or Monogram AA. .bot. 65c
I 90c Hcrso Shoe Whisky bot. 55c
85c Old Miller Whisky bot. SOc
Imported Champagne. . . . .qt. bot. S2.C5
Cal. Champasrne, dry. . . . ..pint bot. 4Oc
SOc Wines. ... .3 bottles assorted 81. OO
40o Port or Sherry Quart bottle 25c
1001 Tillmore St 119 Taylor SL
Park 183— Phone- Howard 1031