The Sunday Call's
Free Music Lessons
-
GROVE'S MUSIC
SIMPLIFIER
.^ :
GopyrigSit, 19O4f by W. Sco^x
Grove, Scraaton, Pa.
t'Hl!; key of E. has"five sharps,"but with this
chart you may. learn the rhythmic* chorda
as easily as "you did the key of C, which
hasj.neither sharps nor flats. Place the.*
chart "directly cnrer the Iceyboard and at' right
angles to it, so that the small letter D with a dash
above it on the chart is directly over D on the
keyboard. Then the white spaces on the chart will
be over the white keys and black spaces over the
black keys. The top, niiddle and lower sections
on the lower chart represent the three chords, a
mastery of which will enable any one to accom
pany on the piano any song or melody in the key
of E, and the upper chart represents the chorda
of the key of G sharp minor.
The black letters'are to be played with tha
left hand and the colored letters-with the right
hand.* -
The relative of the key of B is the key of G
sharp minor, and its chords, are given in the chart
below to.complete the sixth music lesson in ihi3
series. Now, having placed the chart on the piano
so that the small letter D with a dash above it is
directly over D on the keyboard, play the black
letter on the top section with the left hand and
then the three colored letters in unison with the
right hand; "Next play the middle section in the
same way,: then the lower section, and then re
turn to the top section. The small letter D with
a clash above it which gives the chart-position
must not be played.
The knowledge of the keys and facility in strik
ing the proper chords form the basis of all musical
knowledge.
(SEVENTH LESSON NEXT SUNDAY.)DOUBLE
HARNESS
' Til!* is the last installment
of Anthony Ilopo's ¦ >ublc
ILarac i-s." Sat week, begins
<-jii' '.if the strongest novels of
the year, by a . world famous
writer — "The Brethren," by H.
llh'er Hq^sr'.iI: a story of the
c 'i-i-s^de*.. 'iliis uuthoi-'s work
tjcc/i» no romraeat. T!jc story
j<3*i<a»fal all of i!ic virile and
\ Jvid liu*£lnatlstL, that made
-yju" iiic i&afreloas book it
Ouj.yJi»lit. iSOi. by ilcClure, Phillips
&. Co.
X^fKnjSTCCE looked up wiih a. smile
I / nr..J the ru<i>iclon of a. b!u?h.
\! "Olj. \\\\l, one can't clways fcr
ff Sot thLiii again,"* fhe said.
\Viih the proper . assistance,"
he asrcedi frr.i:i;.g. ''And after ail
she's very uceo-:nirodatir.&. If you
Co what she wants, she doesn't care a
har.jj cbittit your private reasons."
i ciil that uaixrupuious." Christine
objected. ' . .,/:.*-/
Kjti, yct\ the Eiost( immoral old
Lussy that ever was!"' he laughed. "I
ii.at her for tiiat. la her matrimonial
advertisement the woman is always
iich. beautiful, and amiable!"
"And ihc man handsome, steady,
::r.d cursta!ii:"
• rio he pays the fees —and sometimes
gt-t the article."
•"Sometimes," said Christine. "Of
course u-e always suit the description
uurseives?"
"A faith in one's self—secure, im
picgnable, eternal—is the one really
Bfccessary equipment.'. 1
"So you've tuundV"
"Don't be persona! —or penetrating,
Christine. The forms ef faith vary —
the faith remains."
Christine looked up at him again.
Something in her eyes made him pat
her lightly on the shoulder.
"Oh. it's all very weli." she mur
mured in rueful peevishness, "but I
Eh?n't be "able to stand too much happi
ness here."
"Think of the others," he advised,
"and you'Jl regain the balance of your
judgment."
To think of the others was decidedly
a fjv>od thing. Reason dictated the sur
vey of a widor tleld, the discovery and
recognition of #n average emerging
from the inequalities. The result of
hueh a proc &-. should be either a tem
perate self-satisfaction or a c'.ear
felshted resignation; you would prob
ab'y lind yourself not much above nor
much below the level thus scientifically
ur.nK»nEtra.ted. But the ways of science
are nut always those of the heart, and
that we are. less miserable than, some
people is not a consolation for being
more unhappy than others —least of
all when the happy are before our eyes
u.uil the wretched farther off. Neither
the preacher cf Grantieys doctrine
uur its hearer was converted. Grantley
£>uil wanted the best, and Christine,
asking nothing so very great, was the
more aggrieved that she was denied
*;ven what she demanded. -. "- ?,,
Kate Ilaymore's day came. Only
Jeremy accompanied the family to
ineet the boat. Kate said they would
want somebody to bustle about after
the luggage. In truth Jeremy seemed
to her already as one of. her own
house. But he did not seem bo to him
self. Eva had been very wayward, full
of adir.iration for Mr. Mallam, and on
the strict defensive against Jeremy's
■i'Pproaehee. He was so distressed and
purzled that he might have comforted
even Christine Fanshaw, and that he
was in fact exceedingly bad company
for anybody. But the party did not
ask for conversation. A stillness fell
on them all as they waited for the boat,
Kate clasping her husband's arm tight
while her eyes were fixed on the ap
proaching ship.
The boy came, down the gangway
and saw them waiting. He was a good
lr-oking young fellow, tall and slim,
v.ith curly hair. Joy and apprehen-
Fion, shame and pride, struggled for
mastery on his face. Kate saw, and
her heart was very full. His fault, his
I'.ight, his banishment, were vivid in
M3 mind. and. to his insight, vivid in
theirs too. But there was something
else that hLs eyes begged them to re
member—the struggle to retrieve him
self, the eoo6 record over-seas, the
tliought that they were to be between
iben». Their letters had breathed no
reproach, and had been full of love. But
letters csnnot give the assurance of
living eyes. He still feared reproach;
he had to beg for love, and to fear
to find it not unimpaired.
"My bcyl" whiskered Kate Ray
mor<? a* she clapped htm lo her arms.
'You'r<» looking well, Charley," said
RajTRor^, "but elder. I think."
Yes, he was older; that was part of
the rnce which had fallen to b# paid,
er.d the happiness of reunion could not
nvail nprainst it. His own hand had
overthrown the first glory of his youth:
it had d:c.t not gradually, but by a vio
lent death; the traces were on his face.
There was a touch of awe in Eva's
eyes as she kissed her brother—the awe
rvoked by one who had fallen, endured,
and fought. He had to pay the utter
most farthing of his debt.
Yet the joy rose supreme, deeper and
tenderer for the grief behind it, for the
f trucglo by which It was won,- because
it came as a victory after- a -heavy
fight. To Kate It seemed as though he
had suffered for their s-akes as well as
for his own sin, since in Borrow over
him and his banishment their hearts
hnd come closer together, and love
reigned stronger in their home. A
strange remorse struck her and mingled
with her compassion and her gladness
as she held her son at arm's length
end looked again in his eyes. It was
hard to keep tracj; of these things, to
fee how the good and the evil worked,
to understand how no man was unto
himself alone, ana not to accuse of In
justice the way by which one paid for
all. while all sorrowed for one.
As they turned away to the carriage
Eva touched Jeremy on the arm. He
turned to find her smiling, but her lips
trembled.
"If I drive back with them, I shall
cry. and then. I shall look a fright,"
Fhe whispered. "Besides they'd rather
have him to themselves just now. Will
you walk back with me?"*:"
"All right," said Jeremy curtly.
His feelings too had been-touched,
so that bis manner was cool and mat
ter-of-fact almost to aggressiveness.
He preferred to make nothing at all of
walking back with • Eva, though the
way was long, and the- winter sun
r hone over the pea and-the downs, the
wind was fresh and crisp, and youthful
blood went tingling through the veins.
"It's cold driving, anyhow," he added,
as an afterthought.
It was not cold walking, though, or
Jeremy did not eo find it. It was in his
mind that now he had his chance, if he
cou!d find courage to yse it and to force
an issue. For him too Charley and
Charley's sorrow had done something.
They had induced In Eva a softer
rr.ocd; the armor of her coquetry was
pierced by a shaft of deep feeling. As
thev walked she was silent, forgetting
to torment htm. silently glad of his
friendship and his company. She said
nothing of Dora Hutting's good for
tune or of Malism's food looks now.
She was thinking of her mother's faco
as she welcomed Charley, and was
musing on love. It was Jeremy's mo
ment, if he could make use of .it. But
in this rnocd shr> rather frightened him,
raising about herself .defenses different
from .the gleaming' barrier of her co
quetry, yet not less effective. He
feareil lo disturb' her thoughts, and it
see:t;ed to him that his wooing would
be rude and rough.
Suddenly she turned to him.
"You'll be friends with Charley, won't
you? Real friends. I mean? You
won't let what — what's happened stand
in tha way? You sec. he'll be awfully
sensitive about it. and. if he fancies
you're huiglns back, or anything of
tMat kind "
Her eyes were very u,rgent in their
appeal.
"Of course I shall be friends with
him: I shouldn't dream of "
"I'm sure you'll like him for his own
sake, when you know him. And till
then, for mother's sake, for our sake,
you'll be nice to him. 'won't you?"
"Do you care particularly about my
being nice to him?"
"Of pourse l'tlc! ,We're friends, you
see."
Jeremy's fear wore off; excitement
began to rise in him; the spirit of the
same came upon him. He turned to
hi? work. • - ~<:**-'■•""';
"Are we friends?" he asked, "louve
not been very friendly lately."
"Nevermind me. Be friendly with
"For our cake, yes."
"I said, for your sake."
A smile dimiiled through Eva's grav
'•'Your' is a plural, isn't it?" she
a.sked. . . -- .'.
"Then—for thy take?" said Jeremy.
"That's singular, anyhow."
"Oh, for mv sake, then, if vou think
it worth while.'"
"I don't think anything worth while
except pleasing you. Eva. I used to
manage it. I think; but somehow it s
crov.-n more difficult lately."
■£ He stopped in his walk and faced her,
She walked on a lace or two, but' he
would r.ot ' follow. Irresolutely she
halted.
"More difficult? Pieasing me grown
more difficult?" *■"$<
S'WeH, pleasing you as much as I
want to. I mean." Jeremy in his. turn
smiled for- a moment; • but he. .was. i'»
deadly earnest -asairi as he stepped up
to her and causrht hold of bar hands.
"Xow's the time," he raid. "You've feot
to say yes or no."-. .".,.'
"You haven't askid. me. anything
yet,'.' £be murmured, ladghing. her eyea
away from him and her lianas in his.
"Yes, I have, dozens of times— dozens
and dozens. And l':n not going to ask
it again— not in words anyhow. You
know the question."
"It's horribly unfair to — to do this to
day—to-day, when I'm- "
"Not a bit. To-day's the very day
for it, and that's why you must answer
to-day." A deeper note came into his
words, deeper than he had commanded
when he made love to Dora Hutting on
these same downs not so very long" ago.
"I make love to you to-day because
love's in your heart to-dav. . You're
wanting to love; it's round about us,
Eva." ■:'-:«;". ■'•;"•
For an instant she saw in him a like
ness she had never noticed before — a
likeness to Sibylla; Sibylla's ardent all
demanding temper seemed to sp"eak in
his words. • ;-,- ; .
"Yes, this is the day— our day. And
this day shall be the beginning or the
end. You know the question. What's
the answer, EVa?"
He let go of her hands, and drew
back two or three paces. He left her
free; if she came to him, it must be of
her own motion.
"How very peremptory you are!" she
protested.
Her cheeks were red now, and the
look of 6orrow had gone out of her
eyes. Her breath came quick, and
when she looked at the sea the waves
seemed to dance to the liveliest music.
At sea and land she looked, at the eky
and at the wintry sun; her glance
touched everywhere save where Jeremy
stood
The answer!" demanded Jeremy,
For a moment more she waited. Then
she came toward him hesitatingly, her
eyes not yet seeking his face. She
came ud to him and stood with her
hands hanging by her side. Then
slowly she raised to- his face the large,
trustiul eyes which he had known and
loved bo well. ■ .';:>
"The answer is 'Yes,' Jeremy," she
said. "For all my life and with all my
heart, dear!"
"I knew this was the right day!"
cried- Jeremy. ■ - ■ .-•-■;' ■ -
"Oh, any day was right!" she whis
pered, as she sought his arms.
A couple of hours later he burst into
Grantley Imason's room, declaring
that he was thehanpiest man on earth.
This condition of his, besides being by
no means rare in young men, was not
unexpected, and congratulations met
the obvious needs of the occasion. Si
bylla, who \ wa,s there, was ; not even
very emotional over . the matter: the
remembrance of Dora Hutting inclined
her mind toward the humorous aspect—
so hard ls.it to appreciate the change
ful processes of t)ther hearts. But Jer
emy himself was [excited enoueh for
everybody, and his excitement carried
him Into forgetfiilness of a solemn
pledge which he had once given. He
wrung Grantley's hand with a vieor at
once embarrassing and painful, crying:
"I owe it all to you! I should never
have dared it except for the partner
ship- that's coming, and that was all
your doing. Without your money- — "
"Damn you, Jeremy!" said Grantley
in a -quiet whisper, rescuing' his hand
and compassionately caressing it with
its uninjured brother.
The imprecation seemed to be eauallv
distributed between Jeremy's two
causes of offense, but Jeremy allocated
it to one only.'
"Oh, good Lord!" he said, 'with a
guilty glance at Sibylla. ;;\
"What money?" asked Sibylla.
She had been sitting by the fire, but
roBe now, and leant her shoulder
against the mantelpiece. ,
Jeremy looked from her to Grantley.
"I'm , most awfully sorry: I forgot
I'm a bit beside myself, you know."
Grantley shrugged his shoulders rather
crossly. "I won't say another word
about it"
"Oh. yes. you will, Jeremy." • ob
served Sibylla with a dangerous look.
"You'll tell me all about it this mo
ment, please." - ' *•'.>
"Shall I?" Jeremy turned to Grant
ley again.
"I expect the mischief's donej; now:
but you needn't have lost your memory
or your wits Just because you're Koing
to marry Eva Raymore."
"Marrying does make people lose
their 'wits sometimes." said Sibylla
coldly. Grantley's brows lifted a little
as he. plumped down in a chair with a
resigned air. "Tell me what you mean.
Jeremy." ■. '"' a ' " ■'.'•
"Well. I had to put money into, the
business if I was ever to be more than
a clerk — if I was ever to get a partner
ship, you know."
"And Grantley gave you the money?"
"I'm- going to pay it back when—
when— — " '
"Yes, of ' course, Jeremy dear. How
much was it?" ■
Grantley lit a cigarette, and came as
near looking uncomfortable as the in
grained composure of his" manner al
lowed. < - ;
"Five thousand," said Jeremy,.
"Wasn't it splendid of him? So you
see, I could afford "
"Five thousand to> Jeremy!" said Si
bylla. She turned on Grantley. i"And
how much to John Fanshaw?"
"You women are all traitors. Chris
tine had no business to say a word." It
was pure business; he pays me back
regularly. ;And; Jeremy's Kolnsr.to.pay
me back, too. Come, I haven't done any
harm to either of them." : '■' ' ■
"No, not- to them," she said. And
she added to Jeremy: "Go and tell
Christine." She'll be delighted to hear
about you and Eva."
"By Jove,: I will! I say, I'm really
sorry,' Grantley."
"Youought to be. No, you may do
anything except shake my hand a^ain."
"I can't help being so dashed jolly,
you know."
With that apology he darted out of
the room, forgetting his, broken pledge,
intent onjy on finding other ears to
hear his wonderful news. . . ~ i
; •: "It's /very satisfactory, :. isn't iit?"
asked Grantley. . . "I think they.'ll get
on very well you know. .He's young,
of course, and— ". >.%:
"Please don't make talk, Grantley.
When did you give him that money?"
"I don't remember."
"There are bank-books; and so on,
aren't there?" :
'"How businesslike you're getting!"
"Tell me when, please!!' .- \-
Grantley. rose and stood opposite to
her, even as they had stood in the
inn — at the Sailors'. Rest at Fairhaven.
".•i','I don't remember the date." -He
paused, seemed to ? think, .and then
went on: "Yes, I'll; tell you, because
then you'll" understand. ;! He came : to
me the morning of the .day syou— you
went over "to .Fairhaven.; While he
was there,' Christine's came.
And I gave him the money; because I
wanted to put you : In the \ wrong : as
much as I could. , Oh.vl liked Jeremy;
and was willing: to ; help -him— Just as
I . was , ready . to , 2ielp *• old . John. .= , But
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL".
that wasn't my great reason.- My
great . reason >> was to get a bigger
grievance "against you— for' the- way
you had treated me and were going
to treat me, you know." .". "
"If it had been '.that, you'd have
told; me— you'd •> have told me' that
night In - -,the inn. j You must have
known what- it would have been. to
me to hear it then; but you never
told me." '
' "I wouldn't part with the pleasure
of having it against you — or nursing it
against. you secretly. I want you to
understand the truth. Are you very
angry?"
Sibylla appeared to be angry; there
was a dush of red. on her cheeks.
"Yes, I'm ungxy," she said; "and
I've a right to be angry. You're good
to": John .Fanshaw; ■ you're good to
Jeremy. Haye you been good to me?"
"It was done in malice against you—
and: in a petty malice, I think now,
though 1 didn't, think that then."
"Doing it was no malice tome, You
did; it in love of me!" Her words
were a challenge to him to deny; and,
looking at her, he could not deny.
He had never denied his love for her,
and he would not now. "The" wrong
you did me was not in doing it, but
in not telling me; yes ( not telling me
about that;, nor about what you did
for- John Fanshaw- either." :;>'•;
':."I. couldn't risk, seeming to try to
make a claim, especially when — — "
"Especially when making a claim on
me , might ; have saved me ? * Is "that
what-, you \ mean?! When it; might
have : made; all ; the : difference 'to -me
and ■ • Frank ?;V When - if ..- might have
turned ' me back • from : niy :\ madness ?
All was to go to ruin ; sooner than that
you should ' risk seeming " to make - a
claim!" " ' ..-->-
He attempted no answer, but stood
very still, listening and ready to listen."
Her voice lost something of Its hard
ness and became more appealing as
she\went on. ; • ; . .. .'■
f "They're "allowed to 1 • know -your
good side 1 , the kind things you- do,
how: you : . stand tby; your friends, ' how
you help people,, how you lavish gifts
on my brother -for - my sake.. You
don't hide it from them. They know
you » can : love, and love to give happir
ness. There are only two people who
mayn't , know— t he two /people , in all
the i world who ought to j know, whose
happiness * and whose trust in .them
selves'and'in on^ another He in know
ing." They, must be hoodwinked.- and
kept.: in; the dark. ; - "They're to know
nothing: of you.. For them you- find
the bad '.motive, *the mean interpreta
tion';; the selfish point of view. And
you're .. so:, ingenious . in finding it i'or
them!"- Grantley;-. to. those' two people
you've, done 'a' great, wrong." r
w ;'He ; \yus silent a. moment. Theh'jhe
asked: : ;\ ' " ;":"'
5 "To - you and the little boy,' you
mean? 1 .'.; . ' .
"No;; he's V too : young- Any
how, I. didn't r mean him;- I
wasn't thinking . of him. You
know that sometimes I don't
think of him— that sometimes, in love
or in hatred, I can think of nothing in
the • world but you, but you and me.
And it's *tb 'me and to yourself that
y.ou' ve . done the wrong."
"To you— and myself?"
"Yes, yes! > Oh, what's the use of
doing,; fine things • if you bury them
from. me, if you distort them to your
self, if you won't let either me* or
yourself think* them "'.generous and
good? Why must you trick me and
yourself, of all the world ? Oughtn't
we to know— oughtn't, we of every
body in the world to know?, What's
the good of • kindness if you dress it
up as selfishness? What's the good of
love if you call: it malice?"
"I've spoken the truth as I believed
it." ■• . '"• > •:.. : ■■• . :•' ;
"No, I say no, Grantley! You've
spoken it as you would have me be
lieve it, as you try to make yourself
believe it. But' It's not the truth!"
She came one step nearer to him.- "■ "I
used to pray that you should change,"
she said imploringly. "I" don't pray
that now. It's impossible. And I
don't think I want it. Don't change;
but, oh, be yourself! Be yourself to
me and to yourself! You haven't been
to either of i*s. Open your heart to
both of us; let us both know you as
you are. « Don't' be ashamed either be
fore me or before yourself. I know
I'm ; difficult! : • Heavens, , aren't you—
even ■ the . real • you— -difficult, T too ? But
If ■ you won't be honest in the end,
then God help us! But if you'll: be
yourself .to me, and ; to yourself; then,
my dear," I' think it /would be enough."
* He 'came "to : her -and' took her 'hand.
- - v.VNo -, man ;- ever A love d i woman more
than I love you," he said.
"Then. try, then try, then try!" she
whispered, .and her eyes met his.
There .seemed, in; them a far-off
gleam of the light Which once had
blazed. from' them on the fairy ride.
CHAPTER XXVII.
Samples 'of the Bulk.
' "You do think they'll' '.be happy?"
Mrs. ; Selford asked a little . apprehen
sively. - Her manner craved - reassur
ance. ' ' .'.-.-' \- ■ . '
) "Why put that question to me — to
me of all people? Is It on the prin
ciple of knowing the worst? • -If -even
a : cynic like me thinks they'll be
happy, the prospect will be very prom
ising—is, tharit?"
•"Goodness i knows I don't expect the
Ideal. I've ,iever had it myself. Oh,
I , don't see ;<vhy I need pretend with
you,; and I shouldn't deceive: you ; If vl
did. ;. I've never had the ideal myself
and I; don't*; expect it for Anna. We've
seen too much, in our set v to expect the
Ideal. —And. sometimes I can't quite
make Anna out" , Mrs. "Self ord was
evidently, uneasy..- • "She gets on; better
withher father than with me now; and
I thing I get on better with Walter
than Klchard does." , .. ;
"Young Walter has a way with
him," smiled Caylesham.
"I hope we shan't get into opposite
camps and quarrel. - Kichard and I
have been such good friends lately.
And then, of course " She hesi
tated a little. "Of course there may be
a slight awkwardness here and there."
Caylesham understood the covert al
lusion; the marriage might make mat
ters difficult with 'the Im,asons.
"The young folks will probably
make their own friends. Our old set's
rather broken up one way and the
other, isn't it? .Not .that I was ever
a full member of it.".;
"We've always been glad to see
you,-' she murmured absently.
"On the .whole I feel equal to en
couraging you to a certain extent,"
he said, standing , before the fire.
"Anna will be angry pretty often, but'
I don't think* she will be, or need be,
unhappy. She doesn't take things to
heart too readily, does she?" *-".%->
"No, she doesn't."
The. assent hardly sounded .like
praise of her daughter. * . -
"Well, . that's a good thing. . And
she's got lots of pluck and a will of
"Oh, yes, she's got that!"
"From time to time he'll think
himself in love with somebody. You're
prepared for that, . of course? But
it's pnly his way. . She'll have to ' in
dulge him a little — let the string out
a little here and there; but she'll al
ways have him under control. Brains
do count, and she's got them all. And
she won't, expect romance all the
time."
"You said you were going to be
encouraging."
"I am being encouraging," Cayle
shnm insisted.
i "Oh, I shouldn't think It so bad If
we , were talking about myself. Eut
'when it's a question of one's child — "
"One is always unreasonable? Pre
cisely. The nature of the business
isn't going to change in the next
generation. But I maintain that I'm
encouraging— for Anna, anyhow. I
rather fancy. Master Blake will miss
his. liberty more than he thinks. But
that'll be Just what he needs. So
from a moral r>oint of view I'm en
couraging there, too."
"Of -course you don't understand
the feeling of responsibility, the fear
that if she's, the — the least bit hard,
it may be because of her bringing up."
"Don't be remorseful. Mrs. Selford.
It's the most unprofitable of emotions."
He had preached' the same 'doctrine
to Christine.
"When it's too late to go back?"
."And that's always." .He looked
down at her with a cheerful smile.
"That's for your private ear. Don't
tell, the children. Walter Blake's quite
great on remorse."
: Mrs.- Selford laughed rather - rue
fully; '■: •* - -'■■■ ■.■;::. ■;,'• -
'.'I suppose. It'll .turn' out as well as
most things. .,;Do you .know any
thoroughly happy couples?" " '"
"Very hard to say. One Isn't be
hind the scenes. But I'm inclined to
think I do. Oh, ecstasies aren't for
this* world, you know — not perma
nent ecstasies. You might as well
have permanent hysterics! And, as
you're aware, there are no marriages
in heaven. So perhaps there's no
heaven in marriages, either. That
would seem to be plausible reasoning,
wouldn't it? But they'll be all right;
They'll learn one another's paces/'
- "I. "• can't" help wishing she seemed
more in' love."
"Perhaps she will be when he flirts
with somebody else. Don't frown.
I'm not a pessimist. If I don't always
look for happiness by the ordinary
roads, I often discern it along quite
unexpected routes."
"It's pleasant to see people start by
bcing 4 in love."
"How eternally sentimental we are!
Well, yes, it is. But capacities differ. I
daresay she doesn't know she's deficient
and she certainly won't imagine that
her mother has given her away.
"I suppose I deserve tnat, but I had
to talk to somebody. And really It's
best to choose a man; sometimes It
stops there then." •
"Why not your husband? No? Ah,
he has too many opportunities of re
minding you of the indiscretion! You
were quite right to talk to" me. We
shall look on at what happens with
all the greater Interest because we've
discussed it. ' And, as I've .said, I'm
decidedly hopeful."
"We might have developed her affec
tions when she was a child. I'm sure
we might."
"Oh, ;i shall go! You send for a
clergyman!" ' J
Mrs. Selford shook her head sadly,
even while she smiled. She could not
■be-besuiled from her idea, nor from
the remorse that it brought. The pic
ture, the dogs, and sentimental squab
bling with her husband had figured too
largely In the household; she connected
with this fact the disposition which
she found in Anna.
:*'B'ing a bit hard isn't a bad thing
for your happiness," Caylesham added
as a last consolation.
' Anna herself came in. No conscious
ness of deficiency seemed to afflict her;
Bhe felt no need of a development of
her affections or of being more in lova
with Walter Blake. On the contrary,
she . exhibited to Caylesham's shrewd
eyes a* remarkable picture of efficiency
and of contentment.' She had known
: what , she wanted, -; she had * discerned
what means to use In order to ■ get It,
and she had achieved it. A perfect self
confidence', assured * her, that she would
be successful in" dealing with it; her
serene air, : her trim figure and decisive
movements gave the impression that
here at least" was a mortal- who If 'she
did not deserve success could command
it. Caylesham looked on her with ad
miration—rather that than liking— as
he acknowledged her very considerable
qualities.' The thins which was want
ing was what In a picture he would
have called : "atmosphere." But here
again her luck came in, or, rather, her
clear vision;' it- was not fair to call it
luck. ■ The man she • had < pitched upon
—that was fair, arid . Caylesham de
clined to withdraw the expression — at
the time when she pitched upon him.
was In a panic about. "atmosphere." He
had found too much of it elsewhere and
was uneasy about it in himself. He
was not asking- for -softness, for ten
derness, for ready accessibility to emo
tion or to waves of feeling. Her clever
ness had turned to account even the
drawback ■ which made Caylesham, In
the : midst of his commendation, con
scious that he would not choose to be
her husband — or, perhaps, her son
either. .
"You'll make a splendid head of the
family," he told her cheerfully. "You'll
keep them all In most excellent order "
She chose to consider, that he had ex
ercised a bad , Influence aver Walter
Blake, and treated him distantly. Cay-
' lesham supported the entire injustice
of her implied charge with good humor.
"You're not fond of excellent order, I
suppose?" she asked.
"In others," said he, smiling:, "Hay
I come and see it in your, house some
times? I. promise not to disturb it."
"I don't think you could."
"She taunts me with my advancing
years," he complained to Mrs. Selfordl
Anna's disapproval of him was mark
ed; it increased his amusement at tha
life which lay before Walter Blake.
Blake would want to disturb excellent
order, sometimes; he would b© Indulged
in that proclivity to a strictly limited
extent. If Grantley Imason were a
revengeful man, this marriage ought to
cause him a great deal of pleasure.
Caylesham, while compelled to approve
by his reason, could not nelp deploring
in his heart. He saw arising an ultra-
British household, clad in the very
buckram of propriety. "Who could say
that morality did not reign in tba
world -when such a nemesis as this
awaited Walter Blake, or that morality
had -not a humor of its own when Wal
ter Blake accepted me nemesis with
enthusiasm? Yet the state of things
was not unusual — a fair sample of a
bulk of considerable size. Caylesham
went away smiling at it, wondering at
it, in the depths of his soul a trifle ap
palled at it. It seemed to him rather
inhuman; but perhaps his idea of hu
manity had gone a trifle far In the op
posite direction.
And, after all, could not Walter Blaka
supply the other element? There was
plenty of softness about nim, and tha
waves of feeling were by no means
wanting in frequency or volume. Con
sidering this question. Caylesham pro
fessed himself rather at a loss. Ha
would have to wait and look on. But
would he hear or see much? Anna had
evidently put him under a ban, and he
believed that her edicts would obtain
obedience in the future. So far as ha
could see now. he had a vision of the
waves stilled to rest, of the gleam of
frost forming upon them, of an ice
bound sea. Now he felt it in his heart
to be sorry for young Blake. Not be
cause there was any injustice. The-
Nemesis was eminently, and even lu
dicrously. Just. He felt sorry precisely
because it was so Just. He was always
sorry for sinners who had to pay the
penalty of their deeds; then a fellow
feeling went out to- them. Of course
they were fools to grumble. The one
wisdom he claimed for himself was not
grumbling at the bilL
He paid another visit that day, un
der an impulse of friendliness, and per
haps of curiosity, too. He went to Tom
Courtland's, and found himself repaid
for his trouble by Tom's cordiality of
greeting. The Courtland family was
in the turmoil of moving; they had to
go to a much smaller house and to
reduce the establishment greatly. But
the worries of a move and the prospect
of comparative poverty — there was very
little left besides Harriet's moderate
dowry— were accepted by Tom very
cheerfully, and r by the children . with
glee; they were' delighted to be told
that there would be no more:men ser
vants and fewer maids, and that they
would have to learn to shift for them
selves as much and as soon aa possible.
They were glad to be rid of "thi3- great
gloomy house," over which the shadow
of calamity still brooded.
"The children don't like to pass Lady
Harriet's door at night," Suzette whis
pered in an aside to Caylesham.
Tom himself seemed younger; and
more sprightly; and he was the slave
of his little girls. His gray hair, the
lines on his face, and the enduring scar
on Sophy's brow spoke of the sorrow
which had 'been; but' the sorrow had
given place to peace — and it might be
that some day peace would turn to joy.
For there was much youth there, and.
where youth is, Joy must come, if only
4t be given a fair chance.
"We're rather In narrow circum
stances, of course," Tom explained,
when Suzette and the children were out
of earshot. "That's because I made
such an ass of myself."
"Well, don't be hard on Flora. Shs
was a good friend to you."
"I'm not blaming her; it's myself.
Frank. I ought' to have remembered
the children. But we can rub along,
and perhaps I shall get a berth some
day." ■
Caylesham did not think that pros
pect a very probable one, but he dis
sembled and told Tom that his old po
litical friends ought certainly to do
something for him: "
"Because it never came to an abaolct s
public row, did It?"
"Everybody knew," sighed Tom, with,
a relapse into despondency.
"Anyhow you won't starve." Cayle
sham said with a laugh. . "I- reckon yon
must have about a thousand a year?"
"It's not much: but— well, I tell you.
what, Frank, Suzette Bligh's pretty
nearly as good as another five hundred,
and I only pay her seventy pounds a
year. You wouldn't believe what a
manager that little woman .Is. She
makes everything go twice as far as. It
did, and has the house so neat. too.
Upon my soul. I don't notice any dif
ference, except that I've dropped my
champagne."
"Well, with champagne what it most
ly. Is nowadays, that's no great loss.
my boy, and I'm glad you've struck It
rich with Miss Bllgh." Bttjgg
"We should be lost without her. I
don't know what the children would do.
or what I should do with them. -but for
her. One good thing poor Harriet did,
anyhow, was to bring her here."
Yes; but if Harriet tad known how
It was to fall out, had foreseen how
Suzette was to reign tn her stead, and
with what joy the change of govern*
ment would be greeted! Caylesham
imagined, with a conscious faintness of
fancy, the tempest which would have
arisen, and how short a shrift "would
have been meted out to Suzette and all
her adherents. He really hoped that
poor Harriet, who had suffered enough
for her faults, was not in any position
In which she could be aware of what
had happened; it would be to her (un
less some great transformation had
been wrought) too hard and unendura
ble a punishment. •
"The children are changed creatures,
Frank." Tom went on. "We don't try
to repress them, you know. That
would be hypocrisy, wouldn't It, tinder
the circumstances? The best thing la
for them to forget. Suzette says so,
and I quite agree."
Suzette, it seemed, could achieve an
epitaph of stinging quality — quite
without meaning It, of course. Cayle
sham agreed that the best thing the
girls could do was to forget their
mother.
• "So we let them make a row, and
they're to go out - of mourning very
soon. That's what Suzette advises." -
A merciful Providence must span*
poor Harriet this! She was to be for
gotten — almost by a violent process of
obliteration: and thl3 bv Suzette's de
cree — an all-powerful decree of gentle
Inconspicuous Suzette'a.♦ Slf f V ccn P rett >' bad. I can't bear
\%? ln * °1- P , oor Ha "-let. and I'm not
fond of thinking about myself," said
Tcm Courtland, rubbing his bristly
hair. "But the worst of it's over now.
There s peace anyhow, Frank, and at
least the children were always fond of
me.
"You're going to get along first-rate."
Cajiesham assured him. "And mind
you make Miss Suzette stick to you.
fcrfie s a rare woman: I can see that.*"
"lou're a good chap, t^ank. You
stick to your friends. You stuck to me
.all through."
"Much less trouble than dropping
you. old fellow."
"That's rot." ,
"Well, perhaps it is. After all, if I
"Ccin't some of the minor virtues 1
should be hardly human, should I?
They're just as essential as the minor
vices."
If you ever see Flora tell her— well,
you'll know what to tell her."
"I'll say something kind. Good -by.
Tom. I'm glad to find you so cheerful."
•The girls came round him to say
gjod-by. He kissed them and gave
. each of them half a crown. Ke used to
explain that he always tir>r>ed children
because in after years he was thus
n;ade. sure of finding somebody to de
fend his character in pretty nearly any
company. Since, however, this was ab
solutely the only step he ever took
with 2.ny such end in view, the expla
nation was often received with skepti
cism. Kis action was more probably the
outcome of ore of his minor virtues.
'"How kind you are to children! What
a 'pity you're ii bachelor!" smiled Su
"Thanks! I don't often get such a
testimonial." he said, risking a whimsi
cal life of his brow6 for Tom Court
land's eye.
He had just been seeking impression?
of marriage. Chance gave him- one
• more than he had looked for or desired.
Just outside Tom Courtland's, as he
was going away, he ran plump intc
"John Kanshaw, who was making for
the house. There was no avoiding him
•this time. The men had not met since
.Caylesham lent John money and John
learned from Harriet Courtland the
truth of what the man from whom he
took the naone;- had done. Dut there
. had been no rupture between them.
Civil notes had been written — on John's
; elde even sratefu! notes — as the busi
ness transaction between them ■ neces
sitated. And both had a part to play—
the same part, the part of ignorance.
Caylesham must play it for Christine.
John had to assume it on his own ac
count, for his own self-respect. The
last shred «jf his pride hung on the as
sumption that, though he knew, and
• though Christine was aware of his
knowledge. Caylesham at least believed
him ignorant.
But heavy John Fanshaw was a clum
sy hand at make-believe. Kis cordiality
was. hesitating, fumbling, obviously in
sincere: his unhappiness in his part
very apparent. C&yScsfcam cut short his
effort * to express gratitude, saying.
"You shall do anything in the world ex
cept thank me!" and went on to ask
after Christine ia the most natural
manner in the world.
"She's been a little— a little seedy,
end hils gx'ne <jo\vn to stay with the
Imasoas for a bit," John explained,
taking care not to look at Caylesham.
"Uh. I hope she'll be all right soon!
Give her my remembrances when you
write — or perhaps you'll be running
down sucn?" , m.
"I don't know. It depends on busi-
: < Come. you'll take Christmas off,
anyhow?"
The:i John tc-ok refuge in talking
ab.^ut Tom Courtland. But his mind
was far from Tcm. He managed at
last to look Cayk-shum in the face,
and grev.- more smaztd at his perfect
case and composure. He T .vas actually
conscious tit giving exactly the opposite
Impression himstlf, acutely fearful that
he was betraying that hidden knowl
■.edce of his. Actuated by this fear he
! tried to increase his cordiality, hitting
•wildly «t the mark and indulging in
forced friendliness and tven forced
jocosity. * . :..'..! '- ■
Caylesham met evei-y effort with just
the right Lcse, precisely the right
amount of effusiveness. He had taken
a very hard view of what John had
done — harder than he «.-ould contrive
to take of what he himself had — and
had expressed it vigorously to Chris
line. But now he found himself full of
pily for poor John. The sight of the
man lighting for the remnant of his
pride and self-respect was pathetic.
And John did it so lamentably ill.
"You're a paragon of a debtor," <^ay
letham told him. when 1 e harked back
to the money again. "My money's a
deal safer in your hands than in my
own. I'm more in yc-ur debt than you
are in mine."
"You rhall have every farthing the
firrt day I can manage it."
. His eagerness told Caylesham what a
burden on his soul me indebtedness
wa.v. It was Impossible to ignore alto
gether what v/as so plainly shown;
but he turned the point of it. saying:
"I know how punctilious you m n of
• business aie. I wish fellows were al
" ways the sawe in racing! I'm ready to
tike it as soon as you're ready to pay,
and to wait till you're ready."
"I shan't ask you to we t - cay,"
John assured him.
Enough had passed fcr civility; Cay*
. lcsham trata taper t-j get away — not for
his own sake so much as for John's.
"liy Jcve, I've got an appointment!"
he exclaimed suddenly, diving for his
•na'ca. "Half-past six! Oh. I must
jump into a cab!' He l.eld the watch
in one lined ard hailed a cab with his
, stick. "Good by. old fellow." he raid
] turning away. He had seen John put
x.-vt his hand in a hesitating reluctant
way. He would have IHred to shake
/hands himself, but he knew John hated
to do it. John mi^e a last demonstra
tion of ignorance,
"Come and see us some day," he
csilrd almost jovially. \*.
-•Yes. I will come day before long."
• Cayltuham shouted back from the step
of his hansom.
As he drove off John was still Etand
ing on the pavement, waving a hand
to him. Caylesham drove round the
torner. then got down again, and pur>
guetl his way <.-n foot.
He was quite cJcar in his own mind
that John took the thing unnecessarily
hard, but he was genuinely sorry -that
John should to take it. Indeed, John's
distress raised an unusually acute
sense of discomfort in him. Nor could
he take any pride in the tact with
which he himself had steered the course
«>f the interview. He could not avoid
. the conclusion that to John he must
have seemed a bypucrlte more accom
plished that one would wish to be con
sidered in the arts of hypocrisy. He
had hitherto managed so well that
he hud not been forced into such sit
uations; he had been obliged to lie
only in his actions, and had not come
so near having to lie in explicit wc-Ms.
He did not like the experience and
shook his head impatiently as he walk
ed along. It occurred to him that
since marriage was in its own nature
so difficult and risky a thing as he had
already decided it was hardly fair for
third persons to stei» in and compli
cate It more. He had to get at any
state of mind resembling penitence by
roads cf his own; the* ordinary ap
proaches were overgrown and impass
ible from neglect. But In view
of John's distress and of "the pain
which had come on Christine, and on a
realization of the unpleasant' perfec
tion of art which he himself had been
compelled (and able) to exhibit, he
achieved the impression that he had
better have left such things alone —
well, at any rate where honest old
duffers like John Fanshaw were in
volved in the case.
• Having pot so far, he might not un
naturally have considered whether he
should remodel his way of life. But
he was not the man to suffer a sud
den conversion under the stress of emo
tion cr of a particular impression. His
unsparing clearness of vision and hon
esty of Intellect forbade that. -
*'I 6hall get better when I'm too old
for anything else." he told himself with
a rather bitter smile. '-'I suppose I
oupht to thank God that the time's
not far c-ff now."
It was not much of an effort in the
way of that unprofitable emotion
agai_st which he had warned Christine
Fanshaw and Janet Selford; but it was
enough to make him take a rather dif
ferent view, if not c-f himself, at least
of old John Fanshaw. He decided that
he had been too hard on John: and at
the back of his mind was a notion that
he had been rather hard on Christine,
too. In this case It seemed to him that
he was getting off too che-ply. John
and Christine were paying all the blil
— at least a disproportionate amount.
The upshot of it all was expressed in
his exclamation:
"I don't want the money. I wish to
heaven old John wouldn't pay me
back!"
He would have felt easier for a little
mere demerit Jn John. It is probable,
though his philosophising did not lead
him so far as this conclusion, that he,
too, was a sample, and from a bulk
not inconsiderable in quantity. Where
it is possible we prefer that the people
we have injured should turn out to
have deserved injury from somebody.
CHAPTER XXVIII.
To Life and Light Again!
It was the eve of Dora Hutting's
wedding — a thing in itself quite enough
to put MilJdean into an unwonted stir.
Everybody was very excited about the;
event and very sympathetic. Kate
Raymore had come to the front; not
even p'reoccunation with Charley could
prevent a marriage from interesting
her. She had given much counsel and
had exerted herself to erlect a recon
ciliation between the bride and Jeremy
Chiddingfc-rd. Into this diplomatic ef
fort Sibylla also had been drawn, and
peace had been signed at a lea party.
With the help of Chi istir.e's accom
plished manner and Grantley'a tactful
composure it had beer, found possible
to treat the whole episode- £.s a boy
aud-girl affair which could be laughed
at and thus dismissed into oblivion.
The tv.c- principals could rot take quite
this view: but they consented to be
friends, to wish each other well, and
to pay nothing about the underlying
contempt which each coujd not but
entertain for the other's fickleness. For
Jeremy would have been faithful if
Dora had been, and Dora co-uid not
perceive how the fact of her having
made a mistake as to her own feelings
explained the extraordinary rapidity
with which Jeremy had been able to
transfer an affection professedly so
lasting ard so deep. Christine warned
her that all men were like that — except
Mr. Mallam; and Grantley told Jeremy
that Dora was flighty, as all girls were?
— except Eva ■ Rayncve. So peace,
though not very cordial peace, was ob
tained, the satirical remarks which the
parties felt entitled to maKe privately
not appearing on the face of the for
mal proceedings.
Important though these matters
might be they wer*e net In Sibylla's
mind as she stood at the end of the
garden and looked down on Old Mill
House. Twenty-four hours before Mrs.
Mumples had started on -her journey.
Sibylla. Eva and Jeremy had escorted
her to Fairhaven. The fat old wc-man
was very apprehensive and tremulous;
anxious about her looks and the tit
of her new silk gown: full of question
ings about the meeting to which she
went. It was imp,or.sib!e not to smile
covertly at tome of these manifesta
tions, but over them all shone the
beauty cf the love which had sustained
her through the years. Sibylla prayed
that now it might hav? . its reward,
half wondering that it had lived to
claim it — had lived so long in solitude
and uncomforted. It had never des
paired, however long the waiting, how
ever much it was starved of all satis
faction, bereft of all pleasure, con
demned to teeming uselessness. even
unwelcomcd, as » ne well might fear.
These things had brought pain and
fear, but net despair nor death. Yet
Mrs. Mumple was not by nature a pa
tient wc-man; naturally she craved a
full return for what she gave, and an
ardent answer to the warmth of her
affection. None the less she had not
despaired; and as Sibylla thought of
this she accused herself because, un
like the old woman she had allowed
herself to despair— nay, had been ready,
almost eager^ to do it. haa twisted
everything into- a justification for it.
had made no protest against it and no
effort to avoid it. That mood .had led
to ruin; at last she saw that it would
have been ruin. Was there now hope?
It was difficult to go back, to retrace
the steps •so- confidently taken, to real
ize that she, too. had been wrong.
Yet what else was the lesson? It
came to her in one foim or another
from every side — from the Courtlands,
where death alone had been strong
enough to thwart the evil fate; from
the Raymores, where trust, bruised,
bui not broken, had redeemed a boy's
life from evil to good; even from Chris
tine, who waited in secret hope; above
all, from the quarter whence she had
least looked for it — from Grantley him
self, for whom no effort v»as too great,
who never lost confidence, who had in
deed lacked understanding, but had
never lacked courage: who now, with
eyes opened and at her bidding, was
endeavoring the hardest thing a man
can do— was tr:.-ing to change himself,
to look at himself with another's eyes,
to remodel himself by a new standard,
to count as faults what he had cher
ished as virtues, to put in th^ fore
most place, not the qualities which
had been his pets, his favorites, his
ideals, but those which another asked
from him. and which he must do him
self a vio-lence to display. Had she no
corresponding effort to make? She
could not deny the accusation. It lay
w'.th her also to try. But it was hard.
John Fanshaw found it sorely diffi
cult, grossly against his prejudices, and
even in conflict with principles which
he held sacred, to belittle his grievance
or to let ft'gb. ' Sibylla was. very fond
of her grievances, too. She was asked
to look at them with new eyes, to think
of them no more as outrages, as stones
of stumbling and rocks of offense. She
was asked to consider, her grievances
as opportunities. That was the plain
truth about it, and it involved so much
recantation, such a turning upside down
of old notions, such a fall for pride. It
was very hard to swallow. Yet unless
It were swallowed, where was hope?
And if it were swallowed; what did it
mean? An experiment — only another
difficult experiment. For'^people are
not changed readily, and cannot be
changed altogether. Difficulties would
remain— wquld remain always; the vain
ideal whlcli had once governed all her
acts and thoughts would never be real
ized. She must not be under any de
lusion as to that. •
She turned to find Grantley beside
her, and he gave her a telegram ad
dressed to her. She opened it with a
word of thanks.
"From John Fanshaw!" she exclaim
ed eagerly. "He's cooling down here
to-night!"
"Well, you told him to wire -when
ever he found Mfe could get down, didn't
you?"
"Yes, of course. But — but what does
it mean?"
He smiled at her. .
"I'm not surprised. Christine had a
letter from him this morning. I saw
the handwriting. I'm taking a very
sympathetic interest in Christine, so
I look at the handwriting on her let
ters. And she's been in a state of sup
pressed excitement all the morning.
I've noticed that — with a sympathetic
interest. Sibylla."
i "I think I ought to go and see her."
"Not just yet, please! Oh, yes, I hope
it'll be a good day for her! And it'll
be a great day for your poor c-ld Mum
ples, won't it? I hope Mr. Mumple will
behave nicely."
"Oh, so do I, with my whole heart!"
cried Sibylla.
"I'm taking a very sympathetic inter
est in the Mumples also, Sibylla, Like
wise in Dora and her young man, and
Jeremy and his young woman. Oh. and
iii the Ray mores and Charley! Anybody
else?" "■•:-■'■::!;','.-
Sibylla leoked at him reprovingly,
but a smile would tremble about the
corners of her mouth.
"You see, I've been thinking, over
what you said the other day." Grantley
went on with placid gravity, "and I've
made up my mind to come and tell you
•whenever 1 do a decent thing or have
an honest emo-tlon. I shan't like say
ing it at ell, but you'll like hearing it
awfully."
"Some, people would be serious about
it. considering — well, considering every
thing." Sibylla remarked, turning her
face a war.
"Yes, but then they tvoufdn't see you
smile— and you've -an adorable', smile;
and they wouldn't see the flash in your
eyes — and you've such wonderful- eyes,
Sibylla." ; \
He delivered these statements with 'a
happy simplicity.
"You're not Imposing on me,*' she
said. "I know you mean it." Her
voice trembled just a little. "And per
haps that's the best way to tell -me."
"On the other hand, I snail become a
persistent and accomplished hypocrite.
You'll never know how I grind the
faces c-f tha poor at the bank, nor my
Inmost thoughts when Frank drops half
his food on my best waistcoat.'*
"You're outrageous. Please stop.
Grantley."'.'
"AH right. I'll talk about something
else." ; v
"I think I'd better find Christine. No,
wait a minute. If you're going tp do all
these fine things what nave you plan
ned for me?"
"Nothing. You're just to go"on-be
ing what you can't help being— the
most adorable woman in England."
"I don't know what you mean to do,
but what you are doing Is "
"Making love to you," interposed
Grantley.
and. in ..the .most-, unblushing
way."
"I'm doing the love making. and! you
are doing the " \
"Stop!'.' she commanded, with a hasty
merry glance of protest.
"You ought to be used to It. I've
been doing it for a month now," he
complained. .- '■
Sibylla made no answer and Grantley
lit a cigarette." When sne spoke again
she , was grave and her voice ; was low.
. "Don't make love to^me. ; I'm afraid
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL\
tv love you. You know what I did be
fore because I loved you. I should do
it again, I'm afraid. I hayen!t learnt
the lesson." • '
"Are you refusing the only. way there
is of learning it? How have I learnt
all the fine lessons that I've been tell
ing you?"
."I've not learnt the lesson. I still
"ask too much." '.
"If I give all I have it'll seem enough
to you. You'll know it's all now and
it'll seem enough. All there is is enough
—even for you, isn't it?" \
"You didn't give me all there was be
fore."
"I had a theotfy," said Grantley.. "I'm
not going to have any more "theories."
She turried to him suddenly. '-.
"Oh, you mustn't ask— you mustn't
stand there asking! That's wrong, that
is unv/orthy of you. * I mustn't let you
do that."
"That was the theory," Grantley said
v wlth a smile. "That was just my the
ory. I'm always going to ask for what
I want new. It's really the best way."
"We're friends, Grantley?" she said
imploringly.
"Is that all there is? Would it seem
to you enough?"
' "And we've Frank. You do love him
now. you know." . • ,
"In and through you."
She made no answer again. He stood
with his eyes fixed on her for .some
' moments. Then he took the telegram
gently from her hand and went into
the house with it to seek Christine Fan
shaw. ■ ... •
'He left Sibylla in a turmoil_of feel
ing. That she loved him was "nothing
new; she had always loved him and she
had never loved any other man in that
fashion. The fairy ride hud never been
rivaled nor repeated and she-had never
lost her love for him, even when she
hated him as her great enemy. It had
always, been there, whether its pres
ence had been prized or loathed,, wel
comed or feared: whether it had seem
ed the one thing life held c-r the one
thing to escape from if life were to be
worthy. Blake had not displaced it; he
had been a refuge from it. Her case
TVas**not as Christine Fanshaw's.\any
more than her temper was the temper
of her friend. Arid now he came woo
ing again and she was sore beset. "So
memory helped him, so .the: unforget
able communion of ; by gone love en
forced his siilt. Her heart was all for
yielding— how "should it; not be "to the
one man whose sway it had ever own
ed? He was'to her mind ari~incompar
able wooer— incomparable in his buoy
ant courage," In the humor that masked
his passion, in the passion which used
humor with such'a conscious art, feign
ing to . conceal ; concealing, pre
tending to reveal without impairing the
secrecy of those impenetrable sweet re
cesses of the heart,' concerning which
conjecture beats knowledge and the im-.
agination would not be trammeled by
a disclosure, too . unreserved. ,. But she
feared, and, fearing, struggled. They
were . friends.* Friends could, make
terms, bargains, treaties, arrangements.'
•Friendship did not ; bar independence,'
absolute and .unf ringed. :, Was that the
way ; with -J love^-with the ; love of ; wo
man for man, of wife for husband? No,*
old nature came in, there with -her un
changing decisive word, against .which
no : bargain" and " no : ' terms, "no theory
and no views, no claims or pretensions,
no folly and no wisdom, either, could
prevail. All said and done, all conces
sions made, 1 all promises pledged, all
demands guaranteed, they all went for
little. The woman was left to depend
on the trust she. had, nelpless if , the
tru3t failed^her and the confidence was
misplaced..' If she were wrong about
herself or about the man, there was no
help for it. .The love of -the woman
was. after all, and -in spite of all, sur
render. Tirnqp might change, and
thoughts, and theories; this might be
right which had been wrong, and that
held wrong which had been accounted
right. The accidents varied, the es
sence remained. The love of the woman
was surrender, . because - old nature
wc-uld have it so. If she gave such
love — or acknowledged it, for in truth it
was siven — she abandoned all the
claims, the grievances, the Wrongs," all
that had been the basis of what she
had done. She took Grantley on faith
again,, she put herself into his hands,
again she made the great»venture with
all its possibilities. She had seemed
wrong once. Wculd she seem wrong
again?
There was a change in him; that she
believed. Was there a change, too, in
her? Unless there were she did not
dare to venture. Had all that she had
suffered, all that she ha.d seen others
suffer/brought nothing to her? . Yes,
there was something. When you loved
you must unaerstand, and, knowing
the truth, love that or 'leave- it. You
must not make an image and love that,
then make" another image and hate
that.~ You must -love or leave the true
• \
thing. Ana. to do that there is needed
another surrender of your point - of
view, your own ideas c-f what you are
and how you ought to be treated. To
get great things you must barter great
things in return. There are seldom
cheap bargains to be had in costly
goc-ds. Had not Grantley learnt that?
Could not : she? It took generosity to
learn it. Was ..she less generous than
Grantley? The question hit her like a
blow. If Grantley had done, as she
had, would she still have loved? would
she have come again to seek and to
woo? Ah, but the case was not truly
parallel! Grantley soughtleave to reign
again— to reign by her will,' but still
to reign.- That was not what was
asked.of her. ...-•>
Was It not? Eagerly stretching out
after truth, seeking the bedrock of deep
truth, ' her- mind spurred . by its need,
soared above -these, distinctions, and
saw, as in a vision, the union of these
transient oppbsites. Was not to reign
well to serve well, was not faithfully to
obey the order of the universe to be a
king of, life? If that .vision would
abide "with "her, if that harmony could
be sustained,- then all would be well.
The doubts and" fears "would die, and
the surrender be a "great • conquest;
When she had tried before she had no
such idea as this.- Much had' been
spent, much given," In attaining to the
distant sight of It. But if it were. true?
If Grantley, ever courageous, ever un
.daunted, had; won his way to it and
now > came, in t a suppliant's guise, to
'show her. and* to give her the treasures
of' a queen? ' ■': - :
While' she ; still mused the » little I boy
came toddling over the lawn to her side/
holding^ up ■ a - toy ' for . her " interest " and
admiration. She caught him up and
held him in her arms. Had he noth
ing to say to it all? Had he nothing
to say? Why, his eyes were like the
eyes otGrantley! | • .'
The clock of the old church struck
five and on the sound a cab appeared
over the crest of the opposite hllL Sib
ylla, with Frank in her arms, watched
Its descent to Milldean, and then went
into the house to put on her hat. In
view of the ancient love between her
and Mumples it was ner privilege to
be the first to' greet the returned wan
derer. For all her sympathy Kate Ray
more was a friend of too recent stand
ing — sh* had not witnessed the years of
waiting. Jeremy's affection was true
enough, but Mumples feared the di
rectness of his tongue ajid the exub
erence of his spirits. Highly conscious
of the honor done to hear, somewhat
alarmed at the threatened appeal to her
ever too ready emotion, Sibylla went
down the hill. ::V-
A pale, v frail old student, with the
hands c-f a laboring man — thai was her
first impression of Mumples' husband.
He had the air of remoteness from the
world and of having done with the
storms of life which come to men who
have lived many years in a library;
his face was lined, but his eyes calm
and placid. Only those incongruous
hands with their marks of toil hinted
at the true story. He spoke in a low
voice, as though it might be an offense
to speak loud; his tones were' refined
and his manner respectful and rather
formal. It was evidently unsafe to
make, any parade of sympathy with
Mumples— she was near breaking
point: but the exchange of a' glance,
on which Sibylla ventured, showed that
her agitation was of joy and satisfac
tion. Evidently the meeting had dis
appointed the worst of her fears and
confirmed the dearest of her hopes.
"I have to thank you, Madame," the
old man said, "for the great kindness
you and your family have shown to
my wife during my absence." '^ ;
"We owe her far more* than she owes
us. I don't know what we should have
done without her."
"The knowledge that she had good
friends did much to enable me to en
dure my^absence." he went on. "She's
loo-king well, is she not. Madame? She
appears to me less changed than I had
thought possible.",
Sibylla could not resist another quick
glance at Mumples.
"And I haven't seen her for ten
years.",.
He paused and looked at Sibylla in a
questioning way.
"Don't worry any more about that.
Luke," said Mrs. Mumple. with her
hand on his shoulder. "You knew what
suited you best. What was the good
of my coming if it wasn't to be a com
fort to you?"
"It was selfish of me. Madame; but
you've no idea what it is to be in —
in such circumstances as I was. I've
been unfortunately a man of quick tem
per and I ec-aldn't trust myself in all
cases. I got beside myself if I was re
minded of the outside world — of all I
was losing — how the years went by—
of my wife and the home and the life
I might have had. It was because I
loved her that I wouldn't see her "
"Yes, yes. I'm sure of that," said Sib
ylla, hastily. , *•><•
"But it was selfish, as love sometimes
is, Madame. 1 ought to have put her
first And I never thought what it
would mean to- her when I did what
brought me to that p:ace. Well, I've
paid for it with my life. They've taken
my life from me."
."You've- many years before you,
dear," whispered Mrs. Mumple.
"I have so few behind me," he said.
"They've blotted o-ut two-thirds of my
life. Looking back on it now I can't
see it as it was. It seems long, but very
empty — a great vacant space in, my life,
Madame."
"Ah. but you've your home and your
dear wife now — and we shall all be
your, friends."
Hov,- dull and cold her words seemed!
Yet, what else was there to say in face
of the tragedy^
"I'm deeply grateful to her and to
heaven; but I— I have nothing left. It
seems to me that the years have taken
everything."
Mrs. Mumple put her hand down to
his worn hand and caressed it.
"You'll be better by and by, dear,"
she said. .--<;
"I'm deadened." he persisted sadly.
"Don't feel like that," Sibylla im
plored.' "Your life will come back to
you in the sunshine and the country
air. We shan't let you feel like that.
Why. it's full of IKe here. There's a
wedding to-morrow, Mr. Mumple! And
another .engaged couple — my brother
and Miss Kaymorc! And you'll like my
husband and I'll bring my baby boy
to see you."
"Such a pretty little dear!" exclaimed
Mumples.
"You must take an Interest in us,"
smiled Sibylla; "and then you'll be
pleased v.hen we are — won't he, Mum
ples? Because you're to be one of us,
just as your wife is."
Mrs. Mumples suddenly turned away
and murmuring something about get
ting tea escaped from the- room. The
old man fixed his eyes on Sibylla's face
in a long inquiring gaze.
"You say that to nje, Madame? I
don't deserve to- have that said to me.
You're a beautiful young lady and very
kind, I kno\y, and good, I'm sure. Your
husband is lucky, and so Is your son.
But I've been a convict for seventeen
years, and it's only by a chance that
I'm not a. murderer. I'm not fit to
co-me near you or yours— no, not near
your little boy."
Sibylla came to him and took his
work worn hand. He saw .that she
meant to kiss it and held it back.
"A convict and In heart a murderer.
Madame," he said, his lips trembling 1
a little and his calm eyes very sad.
"I'm not fit for you to touch."
"I'll tell you something," said Sibylla.
"You call me kind and good — you say
my-husband and my boy are lucky, and
you tell . me you're not fit for me to
touch — forrne to touch! I tried to run
away from my husband, and I was
ready to leave my little boy to his
death."
A great wonder came into the old
man's eyes; he : asked no question, but
he ceased /to resist her persuading
grasp.- She raised his hand to her lips
and kissed it. ..
*;l thought my heart was dead, as
you think yours Is. But light and life
have eonie" back into mine, .and you
mustn't shut yours against them. You
must try to be happy. If it's only for
dear old Mumples" sake. She's thought
of "nothing but making you' happy all
these years.". Shft laid, her hand on his
shoulder. "And love us too. For my
husband's and my boy's sake keep the
secret; I've told you, but remember It
when you feel despairing. It wasn't
easy for me • to speak of it, but I
thought it would give you hope; and it
will prevent you feeling the sort of
thing ; you have felt about me, and I
hope about any of us."
He turned his eyes to" hers.
"You're telling me the truth, I know,
Madame." he said slowly, -'it's a very
strange world. I'll try. not to despair."
"No, no, don't despair; above all,
don't despair,"- whispered' Sibylla.
. "I have a remnant of my days, and I
have the love of my wife. God has
left me something out of the wreck that
I've made."
Sibylla stooped and kissed him on the
brow. He caught her. hands and look
ed again in her eyes for. a long time.
"It i3 true? And. your eyes are like
the»eyes of an angel!"
He relaxed his hold on ttfcr and sank
back in his chair with a sigh.
"I'm tiring you," said Sibylla. "I'll
go now," and leave you alone with Mum.
pies.- I'll call her back here.. No, I
can't stay to tea — you've made, me
think of too much. But I'll come to
morrow, and bring my little boy."*
"If what you say is true you must
pray for yourself sometimes? Pray for
me. too, Madame."'
"Yes, I'll pray for yt-u tne prayer I
love best: Those things which for our
unworthiness we dare not and for our
blindness we cannot ask — * I will pray
for those, for you and , for me. And
because you're an c-ld man and have
suffered, you shall" give me your bless
ing before I go."
She knelt to receive his trembling
benediction, then rose \ with a glad
smile on her face. She sjw Mumples
standing now on the threshold 6f the
room and kissed her hand to her.
"The eld is done and the new. is be
gun." she said to the o;g roan as she
pressed his hand in farewell.
She walked slowly up the hill in the
peaceful dusk. Lights Durned In the
church; the village choir was laborious
ly practicing an ambitious effort for
the next day. • There were lights in the
windows over the postofnee; one was
open to the mild evening air and Jere
my's vc-ice in a love ballad competed
enviously with the choir's more pious
strains, till it was drowned in a merry
protest of youthful shouts. When she
reached home there was a light In th«
nursery and the nurse was singing
softly to the little boy. Her agitation
was past, her emotion was gentle mm,
and her face peacefully radiant. Her
grievances seemed small beside the old
man's suffering, her woes nothing be
side his punishment, her return to lif»
and light so much easier than his. Ha
had but a remnant of life left— the rest
had been demanded of him in ransom
for his deed and the ransom had been
exacted to the uttermost farthing. He
was poor, though not destitute; but
she was rich. Her life lay still -before
her with all its meaning and its possi
bilities — its work and its struggles, its
successes and its failures, the winning
of more victories, the effort and tlje
resolve not to lose what had been so
hardly won. Sc-berly she looked for
ward to it. assessing and measuring
her strength and weakness and the
strength and weakness of those with
whom her life was cast. She had no
more of the blind and reckless confi
dence of her firsUessay; her eyes were
open. Her knowledge did not forbid
her soul reaching c-ut to the Joy that
was to come, but it whispered that the
joy was not all. and that the Joy must
be fa5rly won. Yet she welcomed the
joy with the innate ardor of her mind,
exultant that nov.- she might take it.
that now it could prove nt» delusion
because she had learnt wherein lay the
truth of it. The clew was in her fin
gers. The path might be rough some
times, uphill sometimes, not all in
pleasant valleys and soft beguiling
scenes; there would be arid tracts, per
haps, and bleik uplands. Such was
the way of life: she recognized it now.
The clew was in her hand and though
she might be weary, though she might
stumble, she would not be utterly lost
or belated.
OIAPTEIl XXIX.
With Open Eyes.
Sibylla had allotted to Christine a
small sitting-room on the first floor of
the house to be her private resort dur
ing her visit; they neither of them
liked a drawing-ro-om existence all day
long. Here Christine ssai waiting John
Fanshaw's arrival St-« had taken much
thought wherewithal sh.e should be
clothed, but that was rather the In
stinct which asserted itself in her on
any occasionof moment than a token
of confidence in the weapon of becom
ing apparel. A fair appearance was
never- to be wholly neglected by the
wise, but she did not rely on It now.
The most that any charming could do
would be to extort a. passing admira
tion, which in its fum might secure
a transient forgiveness; but a reaction
of feeling would surely wait on it. She
did not want to be forgiven in that
way. In truth she hardly wanted for
giveness at all; at any rate she would
greatly dislike the process. She had
been put in the corner, as she said.
The position was not pleasant; but be
ing called o-ut again with the aHmoni
tlons suitable to the moment was
scarcely a more agreeable situation. By
parting her from him, first tn spirit,
then in daily life, John had hardened
her heart toward him. He had made
her dwell more and more not on her
sin, but o-n his right to inflict a pen
alty. More and more she had remem
bered what Caylesham had said, and
had asked If he who benefited by the
act— of his own will benefited by It
had any title to despise the hand which
was guilty of it. John's distress, his
doubts, struggles and forlornness. had
pleaded against this judgment of him
while she was with him. The idea of
them had grown' faint with absence;
John had left himself tu be dealt with
by reason therT. and reason saw only
what he had done; the eye could no
longer trace the sorrow and the strug
gle which had gone with his deed.
Her mind was on Caylesham too. She
had just read a letter from Anna Sel
ford. It was full of Anna and her
frocks (Much advice was needed — when
was Mrs. Fanshaw coming back to
town?). It had a good deai to say of
Blake and his handsome presents; and
it touched on Caylesham with a rather
acrimonious rioted He had been to- see
the-m and had not made himself very
agreeable; really Anna did not see that
there was anything to criticise, nor.
above all, that Lord Cay'c-sham had
any call to sat up as a critic if there
were. Christine smiied over the pass
age, picturing so well the secret irony
and the intangible banter which Cayle
sham would mingle with his congrat
ulations and infuse into his praises.
Anna would not shrink nor retreat, but
she, would be angry and rather helpless
before the sting cf these slender darts.
Memories stamped on her very t soul
stood out in salient letters and. the face
of Caylesham seemed to bang in the
air before her eyes. To remember lov
ing is not to lover* but It may make
all other love seem a second rate thing.
She loved Caylesham no longer, but
she was without power to love any one
as she bad loved him. Others had his
vices,* others his virtues, such as they
were. The blend In him had been . for
her the thing her soul asked. Time
could not wither the remembrance, al
though it had killed the feeling itself.
Net John's displeasure was the great
est price she had paid; not John's for
giveness could undo or blot out the
past. John's friendship and comrade
ship were the best things the world had
to offer her now — and she wanted them;
but she wanted them not as the best,
but because there was nothing bet
ter. "iiBiiniipCTTrg . wbb
She had not thought of blame for
Caylesham, nor of bitterness against
him. Here her fairness of mind came
In— her true, judgment of herself. All
along she had known what he was and
what he gave, as well as what she was
and gave. He had given all he had
ever professed to give. (She was not
thinking of words or phrases, but of
the essence of the attachment, well
known to both.) If it had not been all
she sought, still she had accepted it
as enough — as enough to make her hap
py, enough return for all she had to
offer. She would no-t repudiate the bar
gain now. Frank had been straight
and fair with her. and she would cast
no stone at him. Only it was Just very
unlucky that matters should fall out
in the way they had. and that she
Concluded on Page 7.THE SUNDAY CALL'S $50 A WEEK PRIZE STORY
IJY W"\ 3EN' a ball-faced, Roman
\ A I nosed steer gets to airing
Y V his pedigree and shoving
hisself around as if a
four thousand acre ranch weren't
large enough for him. it's cards there'll
be some young heifer ready to pull
dust and start things ripping. There's
trouble sticking out alPover that steer
as thick as needles on a cacti, and if
ho ain't capable of raising a stampede
before morning, I pays." With this
remark Pete dug his spurs in the lit
tle bronco and galloned off in the
direction of Horse Cawey to investi
gate the cause of a cloud of alkali dust
and eand that was being hurled into
tht- air with magnificent energy and
perseverance.
"What yer kicking up all the row
about, Dave?" he drawled in a high
ncsal key. "ain't yer own cayuse good
enough for to-night?"
A cowboy sitting on the top plank
of the cavrey fell off in a roar of
laughter, Dave tightened the cinch on
a struggling mustang, stepped aside,
cussed one language through," and
said:
'"Can't have yer pie and the other
ftllow eat it, can you?"
"Xaw, guess not; but who eat yer
hcrse?"
"If yer weren't so cussed innocent
like, sitting up there. Peter. I'd poke
my foot clear through yer front door
and out the back one. but just now I
aii;'t got the conscience to do it,"
Here the mustang went up in the
air and came down on all fours, stiff.
Dave ducked and sprang for the sad
dle, the boys setting up a lively cheer
as he landed light and sure in the
stirrups. .The blind came off and in
the- space of a second mustang and
man were as a mere speck on the hori
zon.
"Guers he won't have so much sal
eratus in his constitution when he gets
back," said Pete, dismounting and
walking over to where Manuo was busy
polishing the cord of his elaborate som
l-rero.
"But I ain't heard yet who roped his
blooming eayusc."
"Damn if I know." said the Mexican
as he carefully rolled a cigarette.
"Little muchacho with the red hair,
lie no come back to corral, and Sir.
Dave's mustang ~no come either — can
no tell; all same damn bad."
Pete's hands came down to his hip3
Cvth a slaj> ami his square jaw dropped
porceptibly. That pale-faced, blue
c-yed sliver from the East, who had
been branded as he asked for a jo?>
but one week before as a missionary
on his summer vacation or an escaped
Kemina::a:i. ha r l "blown, and three of
the b~st ranch horses with him.
"Well, I guets likely sa not we'll
hear of him agrcin."
"Hey there. Pete," shouted a cowboy,
Putins up a few yards away, "Benja
min William Smith Fays the cattle
down by the low corral needs a little
e< rutinizins: so get in yer saddle and
trip along, old boy."
"Jest so. i raid that cussed bald
face would find he was in the wrong
stall and not have sense enough to
back out decent." grumbled Pete, as
he swung jisto the paddle and galloped
off. "Seems l!ke them brand of steers
never Ic2rrs sense until theys had their
hides peeled off and shoved down to
v.here :h<»!r Jlver ought to be."
The great herd was surging to and
fro, in and out, restless, petulant, a
mighty sea of flesh, waiting as it were
for the first puff of the gale to sweep
them wIM and unseeing In a blind,
onward rush. The* men quickly sepa
rated, some taking up a position best
suited to k*ep the herd in a compact
form, while others-
Bet to work cutting
out and driving
the more rebellious
steers into a cor
ral. This tasl
was not all it ap
peared from th<
outlock, for it re
quires a deal ol
s i d e-stepping t<
drive a herd oj
cattle, jostling
from one side tc
another or rearing
in the air and
plunging dowc
again, a bewilder
ing mass of long
sweeping horns,
curved like scimi
tars; their sharp
points suggestive
of ripped flanks
and deep gore
marks. Slowly the
herd moved on
ward and the dis
tance was now
half made, when
with a Bwlsh
chump, the sharp
ANNOUNCEMENT;
For the purpose of encouraging California and Western writers,
by offering a consideration for short stories equal to that paid by the
best magazines, and for the purpose of bringing young and unknown
writers to the front, the Sunday Call announces a weekly fiction con-
test in which a cash prize of $50 will be paid each week for the best
story submitted. There is no section of America more fertile in ma-
terial for fiction or more prolific in pens gifted to give spirit to the
material at hand than is California and the West. Therefore the Sun-
day Call offers $50 for the best story submitted each week by a West-
ern writer. Stories of Western life and Western characters will, as a
rule, be given the preference, but all strong stories, and especially
strong stories by new writers, 'will receive » careful consideration.
Each story will be judged strictly upon its literary merit Type-
written copy is the easiest' to read and will receive the first consider-
ation from the editor, but do not hesitate to send a story in hand-
vmting if you cannot afford to have it typewritten.
Fifty dollars in cash for a story of not less than 3500 words and
net more than 3500 words is approximately $17 per thousand words
or 1.7 cents per word. The highest price paid by the leading magazines
for the work of any but the very best writers is rarely more than
two cents a word, more often one cent and a half, and generally one
cent With the majority of magazines the writer, after his story is ac-
cepted, is compelled to wait until the 'publication of his storv before
he is paid, a period of seldom less than six months, and usually from
nine months to a year. TEe stories accepted in this contest will be
paid for .immediately upon publication, and will be published on the
first Sunday following the iudring of the' week's manuscripts.
click of five hundred horns, the
steers made a direct counter
move, sweeping, blind and Infuri- -->
ated over the bodies of their less .{-.
wide-eyed neighbors, their sharp
hoofs crunching and grinding everything
beneath into an unrecognizable mass. The
stampede was no longer a possibility; but
the boys, trained and drilled to every form
jf cattle cussedness, kept a level head and
firm foot, for the work now on.
Three 'hours of hard riding followed,
over parched arid country, honeycombed
with gopher holes and other prairie ac
complishments, before any headway was
made in circling the cattle and closing the herd down to one
immovable mass. Then came the incessant watch, riding
round and round, lest the treacherous mass break out in some
unguarded points. It was a moonless night and the icy chill
which follows the intense heat of the day fell over the wide
mesa. Shivering a little and swearing a great deal more,
the boys lit up. a good smoke being the nearest thing to sup
per in sight for a while. They were hoarse and thirsty from.>
hard riding and yelling and yet it would probably be hours be- *
fore the cattle would begin to lie down to sleep. Separating
into two relays, one half kept up the watch , while the others •
took a few moments' rest.
Charley Beesam, Manuo and three other boys had dis
mounted and were beginning to stretch their tired legs when
Pete sot up a loud "Wee-ya-hoop!" at the same time* point
ing to a ngure silhouetted in bold relief against the skyand^
coming on at a stiff pace.
"Likes as not that's Dave fetching some of those
hoss sandwiches," he said, turning to the group, now
intent on watching the figure.
"Wouldn't go so bad jes now if he did," so'
Flapjack- Bill (a name attained by his pa
tiality to this diet.)
The man had now tome within sight ol
all and, to Pete's j-jy aid satisfaction, it
proved to be Dave, mounted on the iden
tical mustang of a few hours be
fore, now a model of docility and
patience. He came to a sharp halt,
diggine his hoofs deep in the soft earth
and then pirouetting around on one
toe until brought to a quiet stand by-
Dave, cussing all the while as if the
whole Ten Commandments had gone
out of style.
"What's yer word, Dave?" chorused
the men before his breath had fully re
turned.
"Word?" he roared. "'Pears to me
yer red-headed missionary's been play
in' hell while you fellows was out chas
ing steers. Turnin' in, I seed the cook
and Jimmy Pikes devouring scrub rags
with their hands clinched up in th<»
rear and the corral of prize steers
empty as the trail of a Commanche
raid."
This startling piece of informa
tion was greeted by a dead silence,
then a general outburst of oaths
and exclamations of surprise. Pete
stood motionless and whistled ■ a
long-drawn, melancholy whistle,
like an engine on down grade, even
the sandwiches and prospective
supper fading into a pale, misty
past. Benjamin William Smith
cussed the red-headed bandit, his
successors and ancestors as far'
back as Cain, and then cussed him
and them ud the line again.
"Well, 'tain't no use standing there
cusEin'," said Pete, "and that commis
sary department back where it ain't
doin' us any good; and anyways 1
banks if that red- head blows around
this camp by accident he won't need
to swipe cattle for a livin'."
"Likirs as not he'll have so much lead
in his system that Dave's pony couldn't
carry him a rabbit jump," said Char
ley Beesam, throwing a piece of sage
brush on the fire.
"I'm off to letch the chuck wagon
here to you coyotes, or I guess there
1 won't be enough of me in two
shakes to scent a rat trap." said
Dave, wheeling round and disap
pearing at a stiff gallop into the
darkness.
"Took the hint kind o' nice for
Davie, didn't he?" drawled Pete.
"Well, guess it weren't so much
charity ss his own canteen talkin*,"
said Benjamin Wflliam Smith.
The second relay of men was
stretched out around the camp
. fire tired and hungry when the
chuck wagon rumbled in Right,
and a roaring cheer went up as
the cook himself stepped out, a
glorified spirit on.'the desert, sands.
After a hearty supper the boys
turned in again on the relief
shifts and gradually the long
night of watching faded into a
pale purple dawn, emerging with •
a Jump from a lilac glow Into the
golden glory or tne morn, and
along with it, as if slumbering on
the sand, sprang up the fierce
heat of the alkali plains. -*; -^ h
The cattle had settled down to a
state of quiet disinterestedness, evinc
ing no memory of the night's stam
p<-de." Breakfast over, the men set to
work cutting out and branding, scruti
nizing a strange brand or staking a
maverick. The work proceeded along
without interruption until' the sun
sank down behind the broad mesas,
and another day's work was done. '
Two weeks had passed, nothing, out
of the ordinary turning up to break
the monotony of everyday grind. One
night about the beginning of the third
week the boys were seated around the
campflre swapping yarns and prairie
adventures when the subject drifted
on to, the red-headed maurauder. Nile 1
Camden, a man from Graham's ranch,
said that while driving a herd down
from Ninos to Nogales just about twi
light they came across a small bunch
of about fifty head driven '•by three
strange Mexicans and a' man with
bright red hair. . .
"They didn't seem particular
anxious about beln* noticed,
kind o* keeping down . on the
canyon trail, so we con-"/.
■ eluded it would be wiser
to mind the track our noses
pinted to and move on." Notic- ,
ing the look of surprise on the
faces of the men Camden stopped
short. Pete was the first to
speak, a broad grin spreading
over his sun-browned face.
"Camden, I'll jes give ..you a piece
of advice; whenever you meets that
redhead again driving cattle or fix-
Each Week for the Best
SHORT STOR.Y
■ =Subnutted to the— — ■ ===
SUNDAY CALL
THE. SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALIi
Ing a brand, you jesride w-a-y round,
unless there's six of you in the bunch'
— and if there is, fill him so full of led
that his own mother wouldn't claim
him, and peihaps you might give him
a load for Dave while you're there."
Jt was now Camden who looked .
surprised.
- "Why, when did, you buck into
the redhead when he wasn't want-
In' company?"
■ "Can't say I ever was so impolite,
but' Beein' he worked on this ranch
for, one week, got disgusted with our
grub and blew with Dave's boss
pony and three bosses, and bein*»
real generous , to hisself he Vcame
back and swiped 150 prize steers out
of the hoss^corral. I think #we all
owes him a grudge on that deal,
: f (Jqn't we, Dave?" . . ,/'
"Wouldn't be likely to get polite
treatment from my six-shooter, the
skunkin' horsethief," growled Dave,
the memory of the lost. cayuse rankling
in his bosom.
"Or mine either, if I seen him first,"
assented Flapjack Bill.
Pete flicked the ashes from his cigar
ette and looked him over in a half-sar
castic, 'half-amused way.
"It's about time you'd be - rollin' up
in yer blankets, Bill, and skitting off
to where there ain't no such thing as
redheads or Mexicans," he said. But -
Bill did not consider it necessary to fol
low his advice, and the topic held out
until the dying embers of the fire told
them all it was time to turn -in fo'r thu
night, and a general break-up ensued. -
Two or three months passed, and,
owing to the frequent bold raids of the
redhead, men from several outlying sta
tions had banded themselves together
for the * purpose / of putting a stop to
these depredations. It .was well known
that he was riot a man to be easily
trapped or found jiapping. "Shoot'on
Bight", were the -orders.. And lately 'he
had been pretty' successful in keeping
out tjf sight. There were a few close
calls, ~but they invariably ended In a
clever getaway, aided by the intricate
windings of ' the canyon. Pete's out
raged spirit was boiling over with in
dignation at ' these numerous failures.
Pale dawn or dusky evening found him
scouring the country on .his sure-footed
cayuse, two revolvers stuck in his belt
and his ears pricked up like a listening
coyote. Late one evening the terrified
Manuo came racing into camp on his
pony, declaring that he had been
chased for three ftiiles by this enthu
siastic head-hunter, who mistook him
for the horsethief; that • he dared not
stop lest his remains be scattered o'er
the plains toifeed the hungry wolves.
Early one morning when the broad
plain was yet wrapped in a solemn
gloom of, night, four of the men— Pete,
Dave, Manuo 'and Bill — could have been
seen driving a small bunch of cattle to
a new grazing plat which had been fer
reted out ■ the day before. The boys
were particularly silent this morning,
and even the herd crept along In, the
pale starlight, a tired arid dejected
looking bnnch of steers.. Even Pete was
not as alert as usual this morning, and
small wonder he was not attracted by
a dark moving mass indistinctly out
lined against the gray-blue sky. But
for fully fifteen minutes Dave had
watched the slowly moving object, try
ing- to make out some definite shapa or
size before \he communicated the fact
to Pete. As the mass grew near it
RULES. !
1 ]
No- story will be considered that is less than 2500 nor more than !
3500 worfis in length. The length of the story must be marked in <
plain figures. ■ <
•In. the selection of stories names wili not count. The unknown *
writer will have the same standing as the popular author. (
As one of the obiects of the Sunday Call is to develop a new corps i
of Western writers no stories under noms de plume will be considered. <
It a story earns publication it will be well worth the writer's name. <
IV "J
Stories not accepted will be . returned at once. Those selected <
will.be published one each week. - t
\/ <
This fiction contest will be continued indefinitely. H "1^1*3 I" <
A/I - |
. An ; author: may submit as. many manuscripts as he desires, but no !
one writer will be permitted to win more than three prizes during the I
contest. . k.- v , * |
VII (
. Always inclose return postage. ' No manuscripts will be returned *
unless, accompanied by return postage. <
Write, on one side of paper only; put name and address legibly on <
last page, and address to the SUNDAY EDITOR OF THE CALL. <
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL. itt* CALL. (
proved fo t>e~a small" bunch ofcat
tle, approximately twenty or thirty
herd, driven by - three cowboys.
The herd, though small, appeared
to be very unruly, and the manner
in which the men tried to avoid
notice only served to arouse the
suspicions of the watchers.
A plan was quickly agreed upon
to head oft! the course of the herd,
and, if any resistance were shown
by the men, to fire oni the leader.
Acting upon the decision, Dave,
\ Pete and Bill galloped off to three
different points, forming a semi
circle directly in the path of the
herd and closing in as they ad
vanced. When the drivers had
come within a range of about
two hundred feet, Pete waa
now certain that the red
head . was leader, and
cocking his revolver he
held, it down by his
side ready for the
first move. That
v the horsethief
•
would not give up without a right
he was certain, but he would give him
a square deal and let the first gun
play open from the enemy.' The other
two boys had now closed In on the op
posite flank and it was evident that tha
game was near finish point. Quick as
a flash he saw the lead pony brace his
hoofs In the sand, and a bullet sang
through the air. As it whizzed by,
grazing the crown of his hat, he took
and sent the compliment homa with In
terest.
Dave and Bill now plunged headlong
Into the, sport. The cattle were rear-
Ing and bellowing; some, hit by stray
bullets and frightened by the unex
pected attack, were scattering In all
directions. ' From almost the first shot
the two Mexicans were seen making
a hasty retreat to the rear, leaving
their red-headed leader alons in the
midst of the fire.
Suddenly Pete's blood froze in his
veins, for with the wail of a woman
in agony the redhead pitched head
foremost from the saddle. Dave's stolen
bronco, freed from his burden, dashed
frantically onward, dragging the body
along over the rocky plain, the silver
studded sombrero rolling in . the dust
and with it a wig of red hair.
The fight was over. Dave, Bill'
and Pete, partially recovered, spur
red their quivering ponies to the
side of the. corpse. Lying in a lit
tle p # ool of blood, which was slowly
trickling from a wound directly
over the heart, a mass of Jet black
hair loosened from its bond and
covering her face .and shoulders
with Its heavy folds, was the poor
little redhead, horsethlef and des.
perado, who had been . hunted for
these long months, and now— no
redhead and no man.
Not a word was spoken. Crowd-
Ing around, the men looked silent
ly on the lifeless body before them.
At last some one said: "Well, j;il
be damned!" This nevertheless
seemed to break the spell. Drop
ping to his knees, Pete tor* the
rough flannel shirt from the bosom
to see If the action of the heart had
entirely ceased. A cold chill was
creeping over the body, and he
knew that 'life was extinct.. As hi
•was about to withdraw the glint of
something metallic arrested his at
tention, and, following Dave's' sug
gestion, he draw out from an in
side pocket a Email leather case the
size of an ordinary envelope, cap
ped with silver.
For a few seconds he stood, turn
ing it over in hia hands. "Perhaps
these is her identification papers,
likes as not." he said, handing it
jover to Dave. Kind o' look
through, and maybe it says where
she is from and where she wants
to go.^' ,
Dav<* took the envelope, and after
carefully scrutinizing the contents
found nothing he considered of im
, portance but a small slip of note
paper, yellow and soiled from much
reading. This, he read aloud, the
boys crowding around to find some
clew to the life of the dead bandit.
It ran as follows:
- "Jlrs. G, S. Stiilwell — Dear Marlen :
At first you will be hurt and grieved
when you read this ■ letter, f ijut After
due consideration I know that your
broad mind will see the wisdom of my
act We are absolutely unsuited for
one another, so different in our hopes
and aspirations that further tove
would be an Impossibility. Here in
York I feel that I may live again
and wake out of its lethargy my fac
ulties and powers of mind. If you
pursue the same course and learn to
forget your ardent love for me, my
dear little girl, you will find In it all
the happiness you could desire. Tours
sincerely, .V^
i "GEORGE S. STILLWELL."
• A low murmur of scorn and & few
round oaths came from the boys as
the letter ended. A livid hue had
spread over Pete's weather-beaten face
as Dave handed the parcel back, and
even when the boys lifted, the body on
a pony to carry it to its resting place
he did not move. Long he remained
standing, his hands on his hips, his
face set in a stern hard frown, look
ing down on the ground, v ;> ;
How long he did not know, but n*
was brought out of his lethargy by -a,
light tap on his shoulder, and- looking
up he saw Manuo holding his pony.
"Senor, come down to camp?"
He said yes, and Peter, without an
swering, jumped his pony and foN
lowed.
A decided flatness of tone seemed' to
hang around the caxnpflre that night,
havering over the tiny flame as it
flicked up and was lost In the ashes.
In straight vernacular the boys were
"stumped."
"There isn't anything to say worth
saying but cuss words." drawled Dave.
"And the boys have split them all' up
the back trying to rip them off at
once." The cow-puncher blood was up,
they had branded the wrong steer and
the "running irons" burned In their
hands.
But on no pair of shoulders did the
ignominy of the deed seem to fall so
heavily as on Pete's. »'>•->
Range Justice and a deep veneration
for woman bound Into a solid code of
"puncher" law, led by an Impetuous
nature, might cause a good deal- of
thought in some States, but an Ari
zona cowboy 'think*
on the first count
and draws on the
half.
Scorning obstacles
of time or ; place,
the sense of a square
deal springs high.
Thl'.; same, .un
broken quiet con
tinued .in the camp
for several days, un
til one morning they
■woke up suddenly.
Pete was leaving tha
rghch. Arguments,
persuasions and " en
treaties were of no
avail. He was oft!
for the East, It was
rumored, with j two
revolvers in his belt
on a dead hunt for
fora George S. Still
well. "Luck with
yer. Pete." were the
last words he heard
as a cloud of dust
[ubscured them from
Us* sight, for ' they
knew. that "puncher
Justice" wa* afoot.SOLID
THINGS
IN BOOKS
HISTORY
of Standard Oil
' . w f- K MEAN to control the
£ { 1 I # oil business in America,"
III said John D. Rockefeller.
president of the Standard
Oil Company of Cleve-
a land. Ohio. "In 1S72.
"I cwn the oil business in America,"
eays Rock-sfcLc-r, virtual head of the
Standard Oil Trust of America, in 1304.
In the interim between the expres
sion of design and the announcement
of a fact accomplished, history has
been in the making— history as momen
.tous in its significance for the economic
and industrial life of the country as
'•the contemporaneous march of politi
cal events has been for the national
' life. In this cycl« of thirty-two years,
there had its inception and its phe
nomena! growth a tremendous engine
-. of finance, the tyne for all subs3Que'nt
■imitative schemes, which has played
a part in the economics of the United
■ States revolutionary in character and
•of a potency and permanency of effect
which no one dares measure. The
Standard Oil Company of Cleveland,
Ohio, with a capitalization of $1,000,000.
Ka* become the Oil Trust, un
' disputed master of a plant industry at
' home and strong competitor for the
"mononoply of the world market, whose
'. capitalization 's estimated at $500,000.
000. Here is material for a historical
"work. worth;- on account of its signif
'icance to take rank with the annals
of nations. This opportunity has been
embraced by Miss Ida M. Tarbell.
whose work. "The History of the
Standard Oil Comnany." will, I be
• lSeve. rank as ore of the most com
plete and authoritative contributions
t*i economic histoiy written in the last
• quart- r century.
When Miss Tarbel! commenced the
ferial :>ublicatif:j of her storr of
. OH ir. ilcClure's Magazine
• two years ago she inaugurated the
new regime of what has been termed
•"national journalism." Her searching
analysis of one j>hase of present day
questions, pursu* «] without fear or fav
or to a complete conc-Jurion, inspired
• Firr.ilar efforts or*, the part nf other
writers, more* or less qualified to speak
• "authoritatively, and the Ieadir.gr majra
' zincs havt- for a v?ar nast been mak
ir: : fratvrre o* rs-ork €tH after the
. lines adopted by &I!sr Tarbell. This
" has trar.spirtd. r.ct without some es
eence of charlatanry and "wildcat"
journalistic endeavor intruding itself.
Storms of protest, of crimir-Etion and
recrimination have attended the course
of the new national journalism; one
of the magazines that have been fos
tering this line of policy has launched
. boomerangs of frenzied articles, which
are now making the swift circuit back
.to the propelling hand. The "History
. *>f the Standard Oil Company" is not
of these specious penny shockers,
hurled forth at white heat and sud
denly cooling before facts. After the
work had concluded its serial publi
cation the author took opportunity to
■weigh every protest, investigate each
suggestion proffered by readers, friend
ly or unfriendly, and after Incorporat
ing this new material and revlsirig the
old she has allowed her book to stand
• in permanent covers as an unimpas
eioned review of the growth and opera
tion of the first of the trusts.
" -Miss Tarbell has gone straight to
original sources for her material. Ac-
Curacy, In so far as accuracy may ac
'J «rue from the great mass of document
ary evidence and the testimony of in
dividuals bearing upon the subject,
• marks her every statement. From the
"books of private firms, from the find
ings of investigating tribunals, both
State and national, from the minutes
cf corporations and associations, the
statistics of trade, the reports of com
mercial bodies, the contracts of rail
roads, even from the sworn statements
.$>f Standard Oil officials themselves, the
author has taken her facts. The bulk
j .-of her sources of authority is enormous.
• The chance for the admission of erro
' neous and unjust deductions is great.
The major part of the . material • has
' never been turned over, and conse
.quently pioneer work In the choosing
. find rejecting of evidence has had to be
.Miss Tarbell's own. With all this
weight of difficulties militating against
&* clear and unprejudiced statement of
facts, this woman who has set herself
to the task of giving the story of thirty
years* war in oil brings to the reader
convincing evidences of the conserva
"tism and unquestionable authority of
her word.
Besides this chief characteristic of
the vrork there is another which makes
for the inspfrtting vigor of the narra
tive. The writer has the power to focus
the whole broad field of her investfga
• tion into a compass such as to make
vivid and pulsing before the reader's
eyes the drama of human endeavor
'■which epells its purpose in the three
letters O-I-L. The history of oil in these
thirty years past has been the record
of war — war no less costly in super
human endeavor and in treasure than
the strife at arms. Play and counter-,
play, campaign and counter-campafgn,
all of the arts of craft and ingenuity
have been invoked in the tremendous
struggle for supremacy on the* one
hand and existence on the other which
has been waging between Rockefeller's
• trust and the Independents. This Miss
Tarbell has caught with a quick recog
nition of the dramatic. Though figures,
tables and statistics make the ground
work of her book. "The History of the
Standard Oil Company" is an absorb
ing record of human activity— a book
■uhlch holds one with its portrayal of
titanic struggle. Like Green's "History
*of the English People," this work is a '
human document as well as a
ry.
The story of Standard Oil is the story
of man's work, that man John D.
Ruckefilkr. For his perseverance,, his
tiieJtss energy, his phenomenal skill
as a tactician in finance and his in
domitable purpose, which knows no. let
or hindrance from moral x>r ethical con
siderations. Miss Tarbell finds no more
perfect a counterpart in the world's
history than Napoleon 1: the efficacy of
the el^boratf machinery of hiv oil trust
she believes best comparable to the or
ganization of the Roman Catholic
church, liere is the writer's antithetic
cha»-acterizaticn of the most wealthy
man in America:
"Mr. Rockefeller was 'good.' There
was no more faithful Baptist in Cleve
land than he. Every enterprise of that
church he had supported liberally from
Ms youth. He gave to its poor. He
visited its sick- He wept with its suf
fering. Moreover, he pave unostenta
tiously to many outside charities of
whose worthiness he was satisfied. He
was simple and frugal in his habits.
He never went to the theater, never
drank wine. He gave much t'me to
the training of his children, seeking to
clt-velop in them his own habits of
economy and of charity. Yet he was
willing to strain every nerve to ob
tain for himself special and unjust
privileges from the railroads which
were bound to ruin every man in the
cH business not sharing them with him-
He was willing to array himself
acainst the combined batter sentiment
of a whole industry, to oppose a popu
lar movement aimed at righting an in
justice so revolting to one's sense of
fair play as that of railroad discrimi
nations. Religious emotion and senti
ments of charity, propriety and seif
denial seem to have taken the place in
him of notions of Justice and regard for
the rights of others."
This was the president of the. Stand
ard Oil Company, who, in 1872, having
absorbed all of the important rival re
fining establishments in Cleveland, be
came a party to and afterward lead-
Ing spirit in the South Improvement
Company, the parent of the Standard
Oil Trust and the initial effort at com
bination to the restraint of trade in
cur Industrial history. Miss Tarbell's
analysis of the organization and aims
of this pooling of railroad and oil-re
fining interests and the ultimate effects
of its secret operation gives an ade
quate idea of the trust idea In Its very
inception.' With the Erie, the Lake
Shore and New York Central and the
Pennsylvania railroads secret compact
was made, by virtue of which the
South Improvement Company, as al
leged representative of the majority
of the country's refining interests, was
to receive discrimination In freight
rates over all independent refineries.
Not only were the Improvement com
pany's constituent manufacturers to
receive secret rebate on shipments ac
cording to the railroad's freight sched
ule, but for every barrel of oil carried
for outside refiners a drawback equal
to the rebate was to be paid into the
hands of the South Improvement Com
pany. The railroads further pledged
themselves to keep the party of the
first part well informed as to the ship
pings made by independents by ' pro
viding daily full way-bills of petroleum
skipped over their roads. Thus the
South Improvement Company not only
was permitted to ship at less cost than
its rivals, but to ' follow closely Just
what business these rivals carried.
Followed the oil war of 1872, which pre
sented the solid front of the producers
everywhere opposed to the machina
tions of this combination. The produ
cer?, through threatened boycotting of.
the railroads, caused these corporations
to break their contracts with the im-
provement company, and the first mo
nopolistic propaganda was defeated.
But, as the author shows, the spirit of
the combination rose phenix-iike from
the ruins and became the foster parent
of the trust to be. 'Mff-'
The author's narrative continues to
detail how, with his secret-combina
tion ruined, Rockefeller boldly ad
vanced an open alliance of refiners—
the "Pittsburg plan" — based, as was its
progenitor, upon railroad" discrimina
tion. Then followed the abortive at
tempts of the oil men to make effec
tive a Producers' Union by limiting the
output. Pipe lines, laid to combat the
railroads, next became a factor: a sea
board pipe line has a brief fight
against the Standard and then be
comes "absorbed." The independents
try to ship to independent refineries,
the Standard holds up their cars
through railroad connivance. The pro
ducers endeavor to secure the passace
oZ an interstate commerce bill pre
venting railroad rebate«; it is. shelved
by Congress. Thus run the events of
Miss Tarbell's narrative until they
carry down to developments of recent
years, the apparent dissolution of the
trust by order of the Ohio court in
U88. its subsequent life under a^ dif
ferent formula, the reorganization of
independent producers and their
grouping under the Pure Oil Company,
and finally Standard Oil's fight^for the
world market to-day. . • .
In her concluding chapters upon the
legitimate greatness of the Standard
Oil Company and its present-day econ
omic aspects the author treats of the
c&tholie interests which have come to
belong to the trust through the great
movements of its wealth and of the
marvelous perfection of its complex
machinery of administration — the de
sign of John D. Rockefeller. Concen
tration of authority into the hands of
men of phenomenal executive ability,
infinite economy of time, of material
and of money, the wisdom exerted in
placing plants at strategic points in
reference to transportation, daring in
attempting new measures commensur
able with the quickness in discovering
opportunities — these are some of
Standard Oil's business characteristics
which Ida Tarbell can commend. But
she believes that the ethical effect of
business such as that which has made
Mr. Rockefeller a multi-millionaire is
deplorable. She says:
"Very often people who admit the
facts, who are willing to see that Mr.
Rockefeller has employed force and
fraud to secure his en'ds, justify him
by declaring 'it's businenwr* That is,
'it's business* has to come to be a
legitimate excuse for hard dealing, sly
tricks, special privileges. It is a com
mon enough thing to hear men argu
ing that the ordinary laws of morality
do not apply in business. Now, if the
Standard Oil Company were the only
cencern in the country guilty of the
practices which have given it monopo
listic power, this story never would
have been written. Were > it alone in
these methods, public scorn would
long ago have made short work of the
Standard Oil Company. But it is sim
ply the most conspicuous type what
can be done by these practices."
And very pertinently she adds this
note of warning "Canonize 'business
success,' and men who make a success
like that of the Standard Oil trust be
come national heroes!"
(McClure. Phillips & Co., New York;
two volumes, illustrated; price $5.)
THE WAR
in the Far East
** MONG the very first books to be
fj written about the war in the Far
jji East Is "From Toklo Through
* ' , Manchuria With the Japanese."
by Major Louis Livingston Seaman, U.
S. A. This officer/ who is a surgeon in
our army and whose work with the
medical ' corps both In Cuba and the
Philippines gave him distinction in
that branch of the service, -Went to
Japan last June primarily to make a
study of the manner in which the Jap
anese conserve their army from that
malign destructive force more to be
dreaded than bullets, disease, and to
gain an Insight into the hospital and
Red Cross services as they are operat
ed in the Mikado's land. Being a good
observer and being likewise well for
tified with ; good credentials," Major
Seaman eaw a great deal that was not
germane to the interests of his- pro
fession but thar contained Interest • for
the whole reading world. These • two
fold observations he has put • into ; his
THE SAN /FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
book, clearly, succinctly, making it one
of the' most interesting publications of
the season.
Major Seaman is the first otfseryer to
convey to the outside world -anv com
plete idea of the marvelous state of
preparedness to which Japan had.
schooled herself in anticipation of the
struggle which Is now waging. Tac
ticians ar.d war correspondents have
sent back reports of the reserve force
in ships, rnen and arsenal supplies
which the island empire has estab
lished as her second line of defense,
but it remained with the author of this
book to reveal the almost incredible
painstaking whioh has marked Japan's
effort to perfect herself for the con
flict which has been looming on the
horizon of her national affairs since
the, last gun in the Chinese war was
fired. Japan is the first country, ac
cording to the writer's conception, tc
make any adequate and thoroughly
conscientious attempt to combat dis
ease all along the line from 1 the gar
rison to the field and back to the hos
pital.. As a result of the remarkable
preparatory work which has been done
"by the medical department of the Mi
kado's military the care of sick ana
wounded consumes but little time, for
r.i .thoroughly has preventable disease
b<=.cri guarded against that the per
centage of sfck has been cut down
almost to zero and all soldiers are in
-such perfect phrsical condition that
wounJs, even the most . grave, yield
readily to treatment.
In the field, as in' the barracks at
home, the medical , officer makes his
power one of the potent factors of the
army's existence. The regimen of diet
prescribed admits only of that quality
of food which is palatable, easily digest
ed and readily converted into sinews of
energy. Medical officers precede the ad
vancing army to test wells as to the
potability of their waters, to post warn
ing notices in infected districts, to make
analysis of all food stuffs foraged from
the surrounding country. As a result
of this vigilance, which reaches to the
most Infinitesimal detail, the loss to
Japan's fighting men from preventable
disease was but a fraction of one per
cent in the first six months of the
struggle with Russia. A silent com
meatary this upon the record of our
armies in the Spanish war, where in a
campaign of six weeks the relation of
mortality from disease to' death by bul
lets was as 14 to 1. The. writer quotes
a Japanese officer as saying that Japan
withher 500,000 fighters is more than a
match for Russia with her 2,000,000, for
disease will carry off four Russians to
every one. slain by a. bullet.
Aside from the many other features
of . the Japanese medical and commis
sary service, which win unqualified
commendation from Major Seaman, he
has spepial word of praise for the treat
ment accorded Russian prisoners. While
at- Matsuyama, the Improvised military
prison, the writer was struck with' the
courtesy and excellent attention ' ac r
corded the captured soldiers of the Czar
there. "Many of the prisoners declared
frankly that they had never fared bet
ter in their lives," saya Major Seaman.
Npt all matters of medical detail are
the contents of this book. As "said be
fore, Major Seaman was a good ob
server and one curious to get' as near
as possible to the scenes of activity on
the fighting lines. After leaving Japan,
therefore,^. He made his way, to Chefu,
thence to .* Newchwang, and af ter v the
evacuation ' of that place . by .the Rus
sians he made ■ four •; ineffectual but
thrilling attempts to get -into Port Ar
thur. : It "was while going by 'sea from
Chefu to Newchwang that the author
had opportunity to corroborate the
news reports concerning, the indiscrim
inate sowing of the open seas with mines
by the , Russians. Besides seeing sev
eral boats come Into Chefu with'float
ing, mines on board which had been
picked up at sea, the subject of these
experiences, had v the • opportunity of
rowing. within fifteen feet'of : a Russian
contact mine which had been anchored
directly In the path of vesesls sailing
neutral waters. He took a ; photograph
of the devHish engine of destruction,
whfch is reproduced in this book, and
he also took down its exact position on
the chart — evidence for possible conten
tions in The Hague tribunal.
So full of interest is Major Seaman's
narrative that.it is difficult to limit
comment and excerpt to the exigencies
of space. He tells how he spent several
days as the guest of Chung Tzor Lin,
once a "chief p'f the Hung-hutzes (Chun
Chuses), or robber bands of Manchuria,
but now a general in the Chinese army.
He gives some vivid pictures of , the
scenes attending the Russian evacua
tion of Newchwang and the subsequent
Japanese occupation. His version of
■ ■ »
the "Heshitelney affair," as the cut
ting-out of the Russian torpedo-b^at at
Chefu- has -come to be called in the
language, of diplomacy, is as clear In
the main as . any that have come
through the medium of the press; he
believes that the presence in that neu
tral. port^cf a Russian wireless telegra
phy fctatic-n justified the Japanese In
the belief:that China could not enforce
neutrality and palliated in a measure
their breach of international courtesy.
Though Major Seaman is strongly
pru-Japanese in his sympathies he has
not let his prejudices color the narra
tion of facts. His feeling for Japan, as
he is free to confess," was inspired by
the intense devotion of the people to
their ruler and his cause in this war.
Thus was the sentiment of Nippon's
warriors put by a young officer who
was taking leave of the author prior to
embarkation on the transport:
i "You people of the West love your
God. You fight for your God and you
die for him. Our people love theirEm
peror, their Mikaclo. They fight fur
him. they die for him. I go to die for
my Emperor. Like the rest of my fel
low officers, I too have put on the white
kimona."
(D. Appleton & Co., New York; illus
trated by protographs.)
MYSTERY
of the Deepest Dye
FTER having endeavored to clear
/J~ his shelf of a large portion of the
fl holiday books last Sunday the
writer of these columns had
made solemn covenant with himself
that this week's book page should be
devoted to the solid books of the sea
son exclusively. A certain novel,
picket* up at random to relieve the
tension of two volumes of close read
ing, assaulted this resolution success
fully and immediately. . This novel was
Burton E. Stevenson's "The Marathon
Mystery." To let another week pass
without recommending this tale un
qualifiedly to the readers of these
columns would weigh upon the mind
of the reviewer as a distinct evidence
of his incompetency.
Here is a story of mystery so mathe
matically arranged in its various con
volutions of Plot and reaching the de
nouement A by a deductive scheme so
perfectly correct that no component
part of the stt/ry, not half of a chapter,
could be lopped off- and leave the chain
of narrative unbroken. This perfec
tion of construction is so artfully done
that not until the last page Is turned
does the reader begin to realize how
noiselessly and harmoniously the ma
chinery Tof-; Incident has moved. 'Abso
lutely In, the : dark as ;U> the problem's
solution < until the last chapter is
reached," with interest and speculative
attention kept at the qul vive through
out"'the~whole, one cannot but make
favorable-'; comparison between Mr.
Stevenson's boqfc and those tales of
Edgar Allan Poe which find more or
less of a lingering echo In 'the stories
of a recently, knighted and always pop
ular English author.
A young New York society woman
of delicate sensibilities and faultless
character, is "found alone by the side
of a murdered sailor, in suite. fourteen
of the i Marathon flats at night. She
refuses '. to " explain the cause of her
presence there and declares that the
' murdered^ man was ; a" total < stranger ■ to
her. No clew to any other possible as
sailant of the dead man can be found.
How Is she cleared from all sus
picion and the guilty one run to earth?
Here is a riddle which could not even
be "ridiculously simple, my dear Wat
son," to Sherlock Holmes himself.
In following the path of a New York
police reporter to the hidden source of
the mrstery the author has filled the
hook check full with sudden surprises
and nerve straining suspense. False
suppositions, seeming at first plausible
to the acme of simplicity, are followed
until they fade into absurdity. Ac
tions and attitudes on the parts of the
principals remain Incomprehensible un-
til the final solution clears all. A sec
ond sudden murder and jewel robbery
seem to condenjn a spotless young man
to the electric chair; hi3 sweetheart
even believes him guilty; then sudden
ly the subtle fin.cer of deduction points
conclusively and condemninglr to one
who would be the last to invite sus
picion. In just one point is the au
thor's skill a trifle wavering. When he
introduces a deadly serpent into the
story during Its early chapters, seem
ingly ir.«i-nificant though the thing
may be in its guise of a household pet,
the reader is prepared to anticipate
without any intuitive guidance the
griEij' climax of the last chapter.
(J. B. Lippincott & Co., New York;
illustrated; price, Jl 50.)
JOTTINGS
On Book and Writer
Apropos of Mrs. Gilbert's recent
death, in her eighty-fourth year, it is
interesting to reproduce Mrs. Clay's
reminiscence of her, told in "A Belle of
the Fifties," published by Doubleday.
Page & Co. Mrs. Clay says: "A
most amusing metrical ' farce—'Poca
hontas'—was acted during the winter
of '57 and '58, which set all Washington
to laughing. In the cast was Mrs. Gil
bert. Two of the ridiculous couplets
come back to me as if they were yes
terday,, reviving the amusing scenes in
which they were spoken. Mrs\ Gilbert's
role was that of a Yankee achoolmarm
whose continual effort it was to make
her naughty^ young ; charges behave
themselves. ''Young ; ladies,' , the cue
with that inimitable austerity behind
which one always feels the actress' con
sciousness of 'the fun of the thing'
which she is dissembling; 'Young
ladies, stand with your feet square;
Miss Pocahontas, just look at your
hair.' And as she wandered off, a top
knot of feathers waving over her head,
her wand with ' which she had been
drilling her dusky maidens hel^ firmly
in her hand, she cut a -pigeon wing
which brought forth a perfect storm of
applause."
The recent death of General Lew-
Wallace, author pf "Ben Hur," brings
freshly to mind the extraordinary
of this novel. Published by
the Harpers on November 12, 1880,
the book for the first year of its ex
istence showed no signs of popularity,
nor did its sale improve much In the
second year. Then it began to grow,
and has grown steadily, until now,
twenty-four years after its first ap
pearance, the sale is greater than it
has ever been. The book succeeded
on its own merits, and made its way
not only with the American public,
but , with the people of many other
countries in which foreign transla
tions have been printed. Furthermore,
and what Is very remarkable in the
history of this novel, it has never
been issued' in a cheap edition. Four
teen luxurious editions of the ,book
have been published from time to
time by the . Harpers, but never a^
cheap' one, as in the case of "Uncle
Tom's Cabin." the sale oC.whlch was.
of course, greatly expanded by the
circumstances under which it was
published, many thousand copies hav
ing been issued in paper as a tract-
No edition of "Ben Hur" cheaper
than the' regular- $1 50* form - In
whfch it was first published has ever
been madel It is estimated that the
book has now sold well on to a mil
lion copies; and the royalties from it
and from the play founded upon it
made General ' Wallace a rich
man. And e%*ery. indication points ttv^
ita continued popularity for years to
come. It is interesting to note that
the other novels published ■.. contem
poraneously , with "Ben. Hur," those
that have kept alive until now— with
the exception of the works of Mark
Twain and W. D. Howells— could be
counted 'on the fingers of one hand.
"Ben Hur" has survived by reason of
its own intrinsic charm as a story, and
the remarkable fineness of its,work
manship, UDon which the author ex
pended patient and loving care. It
Is .probably the .most widely read
novel of modern days, and it has been
said that -not to have read it argues
oneself ill-read.
"Ivan the Terrible," bv K. Walis
zewski, whose able work in iho b!*>
graphical" and critical • field has made
his name well known to hundreds of
readers through translations, has just
been published by J. B. LJppiricott
Company in a large octavo volume of
over 400 page*, with index. The trans
lator in this case ia Lady Mary Loyd.
and the book is furnished with a por
trait of Ivan the Terrible. Mr. Walis
zewski devotes himself to Russia in
the sixteenth century, to the country,
people, political, social and intellec
tual life and to habits and customs.
He addresses himself directly to the
youth of Ivan, touching' upon him as
the first Russian Czar, and following
him through the early reforms, the
taking of Kazan, the conquest of Li
vonia, the struggle for the empire of
the Baltic, concluding with a consid
eration of the political and intellec
tual evolution, the Anglomania of
Ivan the Terrible, the Polish invasion
and the conquest of Siberia. There
are two chapters on the court of Ivan
the Terrible, on his private life and
on the, man and his work. The book
is furnished with a bibliography and
constitutes one of the most Important
as well as one of the most entertain
ing contributions to the field of bioar
raphy.
New Books Received
PELIGHTFUI, r>ODl>— Elliott FoT»!?r: I*.
C. Page & Co... IUistor: Illustrated : price #1 Trf>.
THE HOUND FROM THE XOHTII-RldR
well CulJuia; I* C. Paje & Co., Boston; Illus
trated; price $150.
THE PRISONER OF MADEMOISELLE—
Charles G. D. Roberts; U C. Page * Co..
Boston: price $1 5-?.
A WOMAN OF THE WORLD— Ella Wheeler
■SVllcox; L. c. Pasre & Co.. Boston; price $1 5O.
THE COLLEGE GIRL OF AMERICA— Mary
C. Crawford; U C. Page & Co.. Boston; illus
trated; pr!c? Jl t"U. '
-THE LITTLE COLONEL. IV ARIZONA—
Anr.le Fellows Johnston; L. C. Pag» & Co.,
Boston; price $1 50.
V.ASTED: A COOK— Alan Dale; Bobbs-
Merrill Company, Indianapolis.
OUT TO OLD AUNT MARY'S— The Riley-
Christy book; Ecbbs-Merr:il Company. Imliaii
apolis; drarrtnss by Howard Chandler ChrUty.
A DEFECTIVE SANTA CLAUS— Jamrj
Whltcomb Rlley; Bobbs-Merril! Company. In
dianapolis; illustrated.
THE SERIO-COMIC GOVERNESS- Israel
Zangwill; the Macmillan Company, New York;
Illustrated by .cenes from the pUy; paper.
pric * 30 ''"p,^
THE MEN WHO MADE THE NATION—
Edwin E. Sparks; the ilacmilla.i Company,
New Vork; Illustrated; price $1.
FOVERTY— Robtrt Hunter: the Macmlllan
Company, New York; price SI 50.
PATHFINDERS OF THE WEST— A. C.
Laut; the Macxnillan Company, New Tork: Il
lustrated: price $2.
THE QUKST OF JOHX CHAPMAN— New^U
Dwight Hi His: the Macciillan Company, New
York: price $1 50k
THE I^ACE BOOK— N. Hudson Moore; Fred
erick A. StokM Company, New York; Illus
trated: price- $3.
VWITZERLANn AND THE RHINE— Joel
• Cook; Henry T. Orates & Co.. Philadelphia;
Illustrated; price %2 -10. - ,
COMPLETED PROVERBS— Lisle da Vaux
Matthewman an«l Clare Victor DwigRins; Hen
ry T. Coatfs & Co.. Philadelphia; illustrated.
TEDDY AND TOWSER— S»ward D. Lisle;
Henry T. Coatcs & Co., Philadelphia; Illus
trated: price SI.
THE FLORENTINES— Mauricw V. Samuels;
Urentano's. New York.
THE BOOK OF SYMEOLS— Henry A. "Wis*
Vlood: •William Ritchie. New York.
THE BUSINESS CAREEPv— Albert Shaw;
Paul Elkr & Co:. San Francisco; price $1.
" POEMS OF JOHN P.OYLE O-RElLLY—
Published by Paul Elder & Co.. San Francisco;
embossed leather cover, price %1 25.
A VERSE r-OOK— Welter P. Huntlnston;
F. J. Ueer Company. Colambus. Ohio; prtc*.
$1 23.
BREAKING HOME TIES— Max Ehrmann :
Dodse Publishing, Company. New York; price
$123.
MORAL. EDUCATION— Edward Hawart
Gri^ss; B. "W. Hnebsrh, New York; pries $3.
THE HEART-BROKEN LOVER— Harrr C.
Freeman: published privately. Pan Francisco.
JIU-JITSU 1 — Harry H. SXinner; publishe-i by
J*pan Publish inc Company, New York; Illus
trated: price ?1. ••'-"■
JIU-JITSU— Yae Klchl Tab*; published by
author: Illustrated: two volumes.
THE VOICE OF NATURE— Cfcarlea Wzz
ncr; J. S. Ogllvle Company, New York: pries
Co cents.
HOW TO KNOW THE STARRT ITEAV
ENS*^ — Edward Irving:; Frederick A. Stokes
Comrany. New York; illustrated: price 12.
TREASURED THOUGHTS— Jeffle P. Hana
ford: the Cast Publishing Company. Brook
lyn, N. r.
MRS. MAYr.RICK'S OWN STORY—Flor
ence Maybrick; Funk & Wa^naUs Company.
New York. •", ■ . ' '•
THE MEASURE OF A MAN— Charles Bro
d> Patterson; Funlr 4- Wajnalla Company,
New York; price. *1 20.
THE BUCCANEERS— Henry M. Hyde:
Funk & Wacnalls Company. New York; prlc»
$1 20.
ARBITRATION AND THE HAGUE COURT
— John W. Foster: Houjhton, Mlffiln ic Co.,
Bc«ton; price $1 25.
THE FIGHT FOR CANADA— Major W.
"Wood: A. Constable & Co.. Tfestmlnater. Lon
don: price 1 euinea.
STEALTHY STEVE— Newton Newklrk;
John W. Luc« & Co.. Boston: llhistrated.
WYLACKIE JAKE — Geone S. Evans; pub
lished on subscription Oakland; price $1.
THE AMERICANS— Hugo Munsterber*:
transited by E. It Holt; McClure. Phillips
& Co.. New York.
THE HISTORY OF THE STANDARD Oil*
COMPANY— Ida M. Tarbell; McClure. Phil
lies & Co., New TorSt; Illustrated; two toI
uTr.es: price $5.
ENCYCLOPEDIA OF MISSIONS— Published
by American Eureau of Missions: Funk &
Warnalls Company. New York; price $C
-''THE MOST POPULAR COLLEGE SONGS
— Hinds, Noble & Eltlredae. New York; price
SO cents.
ADVERTISOIEXTS.
1 REMOVED I
0 : 0:
From Second Floor to Ground
1 TheWhitaker |
1 71 1 Mission Street, a
<5 " * fmnBHwii^eiu o
g' Opposite Grand Opera-house, g
g And Have an Increased S
O ■ Stock of 43
S BOOKS OF EVERY KIND. §
§ SELL WHOLESALE" g
« and RETAIL. - <|FOR a long while Texas had
looked good to me as a place
■where a boy of moderate indus
try could pick up a decent In
come detecting train robbers,
brinpir.p them to Justice and collecting
the reward. At least that scheme was
a snap in the Youth's Detective Series;
but once within the Lone Star regions
things were different. The only robber
I bumped into eluded my vigilance. He
found me a tapioca with seedless rai
tins In it.
One bleary afternoon in March I
landed at Galveston, the sole proprietor
and manager of 56, earned as a steam
ship food passer on a trip across the
Gulf. It was my first experience in the
food flinging line, and while
the passengers did not get all
that was coming to them. I
had fared pretty well. The steamer
picked me up, a footsore and hungry
tramp, at a jay seaport in Louisiana
for the round voyage to Vera Cruz. By
the time we reached Galveston, home
ward bound, I was fed and rested and
chesty. The negro steward who tutored
me in food passing as an art wanted
me to linger and be of use to him, but
I spurned the proposition, demanded
my pay and went ashore. He had a lot
to pay about ungrateful white bums.
While I didn't look much like a
"I LANDED AT GALVESTON THE
POLE Pr.Or*RIETOR AND MAN
AGER or $e."
TWO of the trains had already
pulled up the company's wharf to
the main line, and a third waa
rending out its last signaling whis
. tie, -when a girl hurried down
Track 9 with a basket covered by a
napkin, evidently containing a lunch.
Messenger 16 was swaying unstead
ily at the open door of a car, and the
plrl went straight to him, her eyes
bright, her cheeks flushed.. But as ehe
Crew near she suddenly recoiled, a look
of horror coming to her face.
"Ben," her white lips tried to gay,
but no sound came from them.
The man passed a hand across his
brow weakly, holding to the car by the
other. The girl went a. step nearer.
"What does it mean?" her voice
Quivered hoarsely. "Oh, Ben."
Something of the agony In the cry
eeemed to penetrate the man's dulling
brain, for a tremor went through him
and he straightened suddenly as
though by a great effort. The dull
eyes opened and shut heavily, and
again the hand passed across the fore
head as though to force some intelli
gence into the clogged brain. Then:
"D-don't sj>eak like that, girlie," an
unrecognizable voice mumbled. "I'm
not drunk. I never drank a drop In
my life. You know I— speak— true. It's
a drus," his voice drifting back again
FABLES FOR THE FOOLISH
C"T*t HIS is a highly instructive tale of
I two men and a girl. People who
I think that they have a corner on
j^ all the available knowledge In
the girl business are requested
to read It in order that they may dis
cover how much they are shy on; oth-
ON AND OFF THE BREAD WAGON
BEING HARD LUCK TALES AND DOINGS OF AN AMATEUR HOBO
sailor, I felt and acted the part. The
odor of dishwater and prunes,. instead
of tar, pervaded my youthful being, yet
I walked with a nautical roll, ever and
anon giving my greasy trousers a hitch
and squinting up at the sky. For an
hour or two I loafed about the wharves
talking of my travels with oyster
openers, crab fishers and unemployed
crap shooters, who are to be found in
large herds at Southern seaports. That
evening 1 dined on raw oysters at an
open-faced cafe built against a wharf
shsd, and told the proprietor many in
teresting things about Vera Cruz. My
ship anchored three miles from shore
during our stay at the Mexican port. I
remained on board the entire time, and
a dense fog prevailed night and day.
Still, as the restaurant man had never
been to Vera Cruz, I was able to tell
him all he wanted to know about the
place.
Being a thorough sea-going person,
as I thought, the only place for me was
on the water front, bo I hove to for the
night at the Mariners' Retreat. This
snug haven for sea rovers was a'one
story shack squeezed in between a
green hide store and a saloon that had
a heavy list to starboard. Even on the
outside the building wore an air of
happy, careless intoxication. My new
friend, the oyster man. steered me to
the Mariners' Retreat, which displayed
a signboard executed in oil by a barn
painter, who had, the true conception
of Bailors. The one he depicted wore
wide, flat trousers, a flat hat, with rib
bons dangling from the brim, and his
shirt was open almost to the waist line.
This decollete effect was necessary to
display the topmasts of a ship supposed
to bo tattooed on tae bosom of the
mariner. In feature the man on the
signboard resembled Tom Sharkey, only
his expression was more spirited and
lifelike than Tom's.
The Interior arrangement of the re
treat comprised four rooms; two on
either side of a hall, with kitchen and
dining-room at the back. Each room
contained two double beds. The front
door opened on the street, and just in
side the portal sat a withered little old
man with the lower part of his body
embalmc-d In a horse olanket. On his
head he wore a seaman's wool cap, and
under his chin a narrow frings of pale
sandy whiskers of the kind known as
Scotch shrubbery.
"Did you want to say good-night to
Grandpa?" he squeaked in a rat-like
voice. „
"Who is grandpa?" I asked, wonder
ing if he -were a mislaid relative of
mine.
"Me," said the little old man. "Guests
must say good night to Grandpa before
turning in- It's a rule of the house.
Twenty-five cents. Have yo-u got the
money?"
into the stupor.
The girl was beside him with a swift
movement, the basket thrust Into the
car, her hands placed firmly upon his
shoulders, her eyes close and gazing
straight into his, lovingly, compell
ingly.
"Ben," the voice forcing itself into
clearness and steadiness, "look at me
now hard. What Is It? Think!"
The man made a supreme effort.
"It was Messenger 12— Timson, you
know."
She knew — she had refused Tim-
Bon's love.
"He offered me a drink of water
and I took it. Then he crossed to
Track 3 and Jumped on boarld his
train. It was the one that just
pulled out."
"But what did he do it for?"
you understand, Delia?" a
sharp agony quivering in the voice.
"'This trip was to furnish the money
for our wedding. Timson knew it. He
planned it just before my train starts,
so I will lose the trip. There is no
time to find a substitute. My train
will go without me, and the company
will fee angry and discharge me for
drunkenness, and — and — " his eyes
again becoming dull and his
swaying more heavily, "and— I'm los
ing myself. I can't see you. Quick,
ers who modestly deny the possession
of any expert knowledge ' whatever on
the BUbJect are also recommended to
peruse It In « rder that they may learn
that no one else knows anything about
it either. Girls are elusive; the more
you know about them the less you are
sure of. and the man who knows the
most of all knows only enough to let
them alone. BSiEf
Having thus opened the feast of rea
eon and flow of soul with the custom
ary toast to the ladies, we shall pro
ceed at once, if not before, Jo the gen
eral Intellectual menu. One of the men
with whom we are concerned came
from somewhere out in the woods, no
matter where. The important thing
about him was that he was possessed
of a hand-made Intellect with a Boston
finish connecting directly with a rotary
vocal apparatus. When his brain was
running at high speed ; he would ac
quire a momentum that would carry his
voice on for some time after his mind
had stopped. The beauty of that kind
of an equipment is that it gives the
mind an opportunity to rest now and
then without checking the flow of
words. This is a' highly desirable con
dition for those who regard conversa
tion as merely an exercise of the voice.
We would give this Individual with
the epllt-secona intellect a name If we
could think of one that would suit him,
but names are troublesome things. If
some one else came along who was
marked with the same label there
might be all kinds of a fuss, especially
if we should happen to say something
that might appear uncomplimentary- to
the ' gentleman with the Boston
thought- works. For i that reason we
"Oh!" I said, " 'good night' means to
pay in advance. Sure. I've got the
price."
He looked at me sideways while I
exhumed a loose quarter from my rai
ment and placed it on the table. Kick
ing his thin legs out of the horse blan
ket Grandpa picked up the coin and the
lamp and started, to lead me along the
hail, when he paused as if held up by
a sudden thought.
"Have you any- change?" Grandpa
asked courteously. "So many guests
spring large bills on me and I cannot
go out for change."
I told him I had $6 in silver— my pay
day on the steamer.
"How fortunate," chuckled the old
gentleman. "You can break this $5,
if you'll be so kind." ' >
Five of my silver dollars were ex
changed for the bill, and Grandpa
showed me to "my cozy apartment . in
one of the rear rooms. There was just
space between the beds for a fellow to
stand and peel. Chairs w^re deemed a
needless luxury In the Retreat.
"Now, sonny." said Grandpa, holding
the light in the doorway while I dis
robed, "you can sleep on the front side
of this b*d. Like as not there'll be no
more guests. And for 25 cents you may
have a nice breakfast in the morning.*"
With that the kind old man backed
away and once more settled down in
his horse blanket at the front door.
By the light of a hall lamp thrown over
tho low partition I crawled into >bed.
first placing my purse In my vest and
hiding it beneath the sheet under my
shoulders. It was daylight when % I
awoke, fee'ing much refreshed. .« The
other bed was empty, but showed
symptoms of having been occupied.
Hearing a noise at my back, I turned
over and found a dark-browed, stocky
man, fully dressed even to his shoes,
lying on the bed between me and the
wall. On seeing me awake the stranger
bade me a cheerful good morning,
crawled out and sat on the side of the
bed. ■'•;•; '•;■
"Will you be so good, young fellow,
as to lace and tie my shoe?" he added.
"I've got a lame hip on one side and
can't bend low enough."
"Certainly, sir," I replied, willing to
oblige the afflicted. "It's a terrible
thing to be lame, sir."
Hopping out I knelt down to lace the
shoe. While at work on that labor of
love I was pained and shocked to de
tect my faithful vest lying on the floor
under the bed. With a horrible fear
at my heart I hauled out the vest' and
found the purse, .empty and turned In
bide out, stuffed back into the pocket
in which I had left it.
"Look at that!" I p-asped. "I've been
robbed in the night.!"
"Well, I declare, if that isn't so!" ex
claimed my bed partner, equally aston
ished. "This is a wicked town and no
mistake. Must have been the fellows
in the other bed. They went out early.
I'm glad you don't suspect me."
Thanking me for my kindness the
alleged lame man limped out of the
room, leaving me to wrestle with some
afterthoughts. What puzzled me was
how the vest got from under my body
and took a header to the floor without
disturbing my repose. That I had been
touched was plenty plain and clear, but
when and by whom was the mystery.
My pillow was in place, but the lower
•she<rf was gone from my side of the bed
and lay in a sort of window down the
center of the couch. That explained
EQUAL TO THE EMERGENCY
girlie, find the manager and tell him
it isn't drink. A — a discharged mes
senger cannot get work anywhere."
He lurched forward and would
have fallen, but she caught him in her
strong, supple arms.
A quick glance both, ways showed
no one was in sight. The fruit train
on Track 6 was Just leaving the wharf
and 6 was sounding its. last warning
call. Half carrying and half leading
him, she hurried Messenger 10 to the
nearest entrance, only a few yards
away. Several drays were standing
about waiting for a job. She mo
tioned imperiously on the owner of
the nearest.
"Listen, Ben," she said slowly, put
ting her lips close to tho ears of the
now almost insensible man in an ef
fort to make him hear and compre
hend; "I am going to send you home.
You mustn't worry a bit I will fit it
all right." He was holding his train
papers tightly, and she unclasped
them gently from his fingers. Then,
as the drayman came forward, "Take
this man to his home at once, 12 Rue
CItronelle. Here is a dollar."
shall refer to him simply as the brainy
man. There is another man, but his
appearance will be postponed, until
later. The brainy individual's long suit
with the ladles was playing up the in
tellectual life. He had nothing but
contempt for those muscular, and
thoughtless members of his sex who de
voted their spare time to whacking an
inoffensive golf ball around a four-mile
course in the fewest possible number of
cuss words or tempting fate and the
speed law with a French-made vehicle
for the promotion of homicide- and
equine, nervous prostration. The
thoughtful man was all for the quiet
life; and he didn't tare who knew It.
There Is no particular harm in any
kind of a man picking out any kind
of a life that appeals to him, provided
he can pay for It. The beautiful thing
about a free country is that a man can
think anything that he wants to, If ho
doesn't tell any one else about it. The
trouble comes when a 'man- takes the
covers off his theories and exposes
them to the gaze of a mercenary
world. The particular idea of the in
tellectual man which led to his down
fall was, of course, concerned with
woman, lovely woman. Most downfalls
do have something A do with women,*
somehow or somewhere. If a man
doesn't make a fool of himself because
some daughter of .Eve tempted "him,
he does it because she didn't. In eith
er case jthe woman is to blame.
Our friend started out accompanied
by the cheerful theory, that : a;, woman
Is more impressed by a man of intel
lect who isn't ashamed of his tendency
toward the overproduction of thought
than she is with a man who hands her
sentimental nothings garnished with
airy persiflage. That shows : Just how
foolish the chump was. Any one who
THE SAN FRANCISCO* SUNDAY CALL.
It. The man who slept at the .back
had rolled me for my roll. By pulling
the sheet away inch by inch he caused
me to turn the other way in my Inno
cent slumber until the treasure vest
■was within his covetous graspr I
awoke before he could get away with
the swag and the shoe game was but a
cunning subterfuge. He wanted me to
discover the looted vest under the bed
before he departed and thus divert sus
picion from himself. Neat work.
My wardrobe was intact. for the rea
son it was not worth stealing, and I
had no baggage. After dressing I went
into the hall to confide in Grandpa, but
he was off watch. In the kitchen I
found a good-looking but dissipated
young man making things, the odor of
which were maddening to a hungry and
bankrupt bby. .
"Who runs this outfit?" I demanded.
"What has that to do with you?" re
torted the chef.
"Lots," I gaid. "They robbed me in
there last night— took every cent I had
and pushed, the bottom of the purse
up into the place where the money used
to be. There it is. Look at it."
"Well, I'm sorry for your- tough
luck," said the cook in a soft and, it
seemed, complacent voice. "I own this
place, but sleep elsewhere. The old man
you saw last night is the watchman.
Did. you request him to put your valu
ables in the safe?','
"No, sir; I didn't know you had a
safe."
"Then I'm afraid we cannot help you
any," he replied somewhat sadly and
ignoring the safe query. "You were
very careless, but you needn't pay for
your lodging." ' *•< 't\
"To-night?" I asked, eagerly.
"No, last night." ::,;
"Why, IS paid for that in advance
said good night to Grandpa," I added,
with a ghastly attempt at humor.
The cook laughed, turned his fat
back on me and prodded the good
things on the. stove. He was guying
me and, rather than stand for that sort
of thing I went out and walked around
the block. In one respect I was a full
fledged mariner. The sharks cleaned
me out the first night ashore, and once
more I was up against the starvation
gag. Gradually the system by which I
was touched unfolded itself. Nothing
could have been easier or neater than
the syndicate hotel skin game worked
in the Mariners' Retreat.
To begin with, the pirate in the open
faced oyster joint on the water front
was the outside man. He did the steer-"
ing. -The cook was the silent partner
—paid the rent and served meals to
people who did not sleep in the house.
Dear old Grandpa, with his cheerful
little good-night joke, was a sort of
investigating committee. His business
was to probe the financial standing of
a. mariner. Changing the $5 bill was
but a subtle stratagem to get at the
size of my pile. And the quick-witted
gentleman with the lame hip was the
night operator — the —"an with the gen
tle touch — and he was a peach. My
poor little roll didn't amount to much,
yet the loss of.lt. let me into the de
tails of a syndicate system' which
doubtless paid rich dividends when real
sailors with deep water paydays stum
bled into the trap. > ....' v;
At that the Mariners' Retreat did not
differ, from hotels ,I^have- since known
in New York, and at swagger summer
resorts* The' landlord' and his 'assist
ants get^all your. money, but the opera-
By Frank H. Sweet
Inside, she again glanced sharply
around. A man was running in her
direction, heading toward the rear of
the train. She recognized him as a
friend of Ben's.
"Hello, Miss Delia!" he called;
"come to see%Ben off again, have
you?. He's a lucky dog. But you must
excuse my hurry. This train pulls out
in three minutes and I must reach my
section."
Delia could hear her heart thump
ing in its anxiety.
"Your section is the rear, I sup
pose?" she questioned with assumed
carelessness.
"Yes," over his shoulder, "the eight
een rear cars. I'm messenger 28. Ben
has the forward twenty cars. I switch
off at Memphis for Jefferson City and
Ben goes on to Columbus."
As he hurried away Delia's face
cleared. She had learned all she want
ed to know. Placing her hands upon
the floor of the car she gave a light
spring and was within, sliding the
will attempt to state In cold blood and
all In one day what a woman really
likes and why Is possessed of a reck
less courage worthy of a better .cause.
It's almost as much of a task as try-
Ing to explain, why a woman ever re
conciles herself to the hard fate of in
habiting the same terrestrial sphere
with man, and fully as important. In
pursuance of his theory that what
woman really admires in man is his
brain our subject faithfully explained
the workings of his cerebellum- on ev
ery possible occasion. As soon as he
had fairly established himself In the
most comfortable chair on the summer
hotel piazza and had settled the fate
of. the weather for the next twenty
four hours, he would ' launch a few
choice extracts from the latest collec
tion of predigested thought that he had
been absorbing. It didn't make any
difference what it was; all was fish
that came to his Intellectual net.
;■ Some days he was strong on Ger
man philosophy, and Schopenhauer and
Hegel had the floor. The next day It
might be Italian ; art and poor old
Michael A. ; Buonarrotti and the late L.
da Vinci would have all their manifold
shortcomings dragged out into the pltl-'
less light of day. It was a lucky
thing for. them that they were never
acquainted with our- brainy friend; if
they had ■ known him the : knowledge
of their, own faults .would have per
manently discouraged ; them from ever
putting, brush ; to canvas again. Just
to show the versatility of his .brain
equipment he would probably turn his
attention to the field- of fiction on the
day after he had disposed of the dagoes
and the Dutch. .With manv circum
locutions and . logical back > somersaults
he would prove that there had been no
real novelists ; in existence for ' a gen-
tion is not so sudden as that practiced
on the simple mariner in Texas. And
the legitimate hotel ~25 makes a fee
ble bluff at giving his victims some
thing in return for his genteel mode of
piracy.
About the middle of the forenoon,
tired, disheartened and hungry, I
sneaked past the Retreat. My late bed
fellow, now half drunk, stood in a cocky
attitude in front of the place. One hand
rested on an awning post and the other
on his lame hip. A row of brown ci
gars protruded from his vest pocket,
and his hat was canted over one eye.
"Hello/ bub!" the Boss Dipper said in
a disgustingly familiar way. "How
much did you lose last night?" just as
if he didn't know.
"It was my all,, sir— all I had In the
world— six dollars."
"Don't let that worry you," he said
in fatherly accents. "All you can buy
with money is whisky and tobacco, and
such things won't do you any good.
Cheer Up."
And thus I left him in the enjoyment
of his ill-gotten wealth. -;: .
On first leaving home I was desirous
of procuring employment, so my letter
of Introduction stated. Now I wanted
a job. A" swift canvass of the town dis
closed but 'one iron foundry in an ac
tive state of eruption. This was an
amateur -industrial outfit in Class B,
resembling a box car with a funnel
sticking up at one side. All the same,
itstarred the name Vulcan Iron Works
on a ' board longer than the building.
There was but one person vulcaning In
the place — a meek-looking man in spec
tacles, who had the air of a blighted
being. •- He was molding grate bars
for t.he sawmill district, and from the
pattern layout I Judged that was the
chief product. .
door quickly behind her. A few mo
ments later her own bell rang and
then the car began to move forward.
She had never been on a train tje
fore, never v been out of New Orleans,
but her father had been a messenger,
and Ben had many times told her the
details of his trip. She must manipu
late the ventilators of her twenty cars
so as to have the heat just right to
bring the bananas to prime, market
able condition when she reached her
destination. A few degrees too much
either way might mean the loss of a
good many thousand dollars to the
company.
.It was w hard trip, for the outside
thermometer rose from 31 degrees to
70 degrees in six hours, and the next
morning was back again to 31 de
grees and falling. It meant a constant
shifting of the ventilators, with an im
possibility of keeping the car ther
mometers from fluctuating uneasily.
Zero rather would have been infinitely
preferable, for . then the ventilators
could have remained closed and the
fruit would generate enough heat of
its own. T.bat night and the next day
Delia did not trust herself to sit down
once, for fear she might get drowsy
and momentarily relax her vigilance.
Too much depended upon obtaining
the best results Just now. [ \ . -
eratlon, if ever. Or perhaps he would
gravely consider whether Hamlet was
really Insane or was only trying: to
fool the Jury.
These were only a few Of the intel
lectual stunts that the poor man did
for the benefit of his feminine au
diences, but they will suffice to show
how the better halves live at the sum
mer hotels • when the intellectual
crank Is in the ascendant. At first
our friend was general in his atten
tions,- and It was possible to arrange a
system of shifts In order to- avoid
hurting his feelings and at the same
time prevent undue- loss of life.
Finally, however, he settled on one
unfortunate specimen of the opposite
sex as the final recipient of his intel
lectual - outpourings. . We have no
record . to the effect . that the - poor
thing Was any more deserving of pun
ishment than any of her sisters, there
fore we must regard her condition as
merely another proof that destiny
plays no favorites. You are likely to
get ■ not v only what Is coming to you,
but -what is coming to other people,
too., ■
ThV man with the cerebellum had
come to. the conclusion that this par
ticular bunch of white organdie was
about the right size and general qual
ity to adorn the top shelf of his car
diac : closet. He assumed . as • a matter,
■of course, that she was. dazzled .by. his
intellectual superiority and ' would
Jump at the chance, tosit jn the
shadow, of such a bulging ' brow all
the 'rest of her life. Accordingly he
proceeded to carry out a plan of cam
paign that; seemed to him likely to
reduce, the enemy's in a week
at .the most. In the; morning he read
poetry--., to her,* .. interspersed with
sprightly and erudite of
"Is the foreman about?" I inquired
of the Blighted Being.
"I'm him," he replied, actually blush-
Ing. "What can I do for you?" :.;:*-
My needs were soon explained. I
told him my hard luck story from top
to bottom: Howvmy watch and trunk
were in hock In New prleans; my
tramp to the Gulf; the sea voyage, and
the lifting of my $6 in that pirate's
nest — the Mariners' Retreat. Also I
mentioned Mudvllle. 111., and the names
of the men I had worked with there.
He knew one of them, and his heart
warmed to me. The sad foreman bus
tled about, fed me from his dinner pail
and talked a blue streak. To one of my
youth and inexperience he could un
bosom himself and escape ridicule.
"While I'm foreman here," he con
fessed, with another blush, "they won't
allow me to hire any one. I do all the
work myself." • •
"And bosa yourself, too?" I inquired
in a burst of astonishment.
"In a manner of speaking, I have my
own way pretty much," he confided. "I
do all the work, load the melting fur
nace, melt the iron and on casting days
the owner hire3 a couple of niggers to
help me with the ladles. For years I
wanted to be a foreman, and this Is
it," he * half sobbed, "making these
bloody grate bars. Enough to drive a
good nian daffy. But, say, I can get
you a Job on the outside if you'll take
U." -\^ VL:
Of course I would. In a minute, so the
unhappy boss.' of himself wrote me a
note to the superintendent of the street
car system.
"That man Walsh Is a friend of mine.
I once saved his life and he'll do any
thing for me." .-'V' i -{• ,;-.
Mr.- Walsh read the note and with
bad grace. I thought, sat me at work
"DETECTING TRAIN ROBBERS AND COLL ECTINQ THE REWARD."
She was careful' to keep herself out
of sight, and this she was able to do
the more readily on account of the
fruit train making few stops. At Mem
phis the rear section was switched off
to connect with a train west, and her
own was attached to a train which
had just pulled in from Galveston, the
engine returning to New Orleans with
a lot of empty cars.
A few hours later, at a ■watering
stop, the new conductor caught sight
of her as he was hurrying along the
train. She was Just sliding the door,
but too late.
"Hello," he cried, pausing, "a wo
man—tramp!"
Delia slid back the door.
"No, sir," she answered quietly,
holding up the papers she had taken
from Ben; "I am in charge of this
section. -• I haven't had a chance to see
you before."
The conductor gave a long whistle
which ended In an apologetic cough.
But his face lengthened visibly.
"What's the company thinking of?"
he ejaculated hotly. "Next we know
girls will be put in as conductors and
brakemen and engineers." .And he
hurried away, still choking resentfully.
Seven days later Delia entered the
company's Office at New Orleans. The
manager himself happened to be in and
he seemed to recognize her by the pa
pers she carried in her hand. He came
forward quickly. But at that moment
a figure wbich/had been lounging about
the street door— a white, anxious-faced
man, who had been peering into the
his own. It the afternoon he took
her walking and bombarded her with
extracts from books on Nature, with
a capital N. In the evening they
foregathered in the front parlor with
Emerson and Ruskin and other, au
thors whom everybody talks about
and nobody reads. The fact that the
young lady usually went to sleep
about the second round of the ves
per service would have hurt the man's
feelings if he had ever noticed it,
but a man who is so lost to a sense of
decency as to read Ruskin to any
woman under forty-five is not likely
to be very observant of his surround
ings when he has once gone into his
trance.
The campaign appeared to be pro
gressing favorably and the brainy guy
was Just on the point of suggesting to
the young lady that, they make an
arrangement to continue their. Intel
lectual seances adown the stream of
life together when she announced her
Intention of contracting matrimony
with a scion of plutocracy who had
pulled stroke oar in his senior year
and had a record of eighty-one for
the eighteen holes. The most Intellec
tual pursuit that the fortunate man
was known to engage in was a .daily
study of the sporting page and a
steady and intense mental application
to the menu cards of various swagger
restaurants. But he could turn out
airy persiflage till the cows came
home and he was not likely to im
press any woman with a sense of his
mental superiority.
Our tale is done, and so is the man
with the mind. He has resigned him
self to fate and a life of undiluted
bachelorhood, sustained and upheld
by the Important, if somewhat dis
couraging, : discovery that while ' a
with a bunch of Dagoes shifting a sec
tion of car track. The road was bal
lasted with oyster shells, which had to
be chopped loose with pickaxes. At the
of two hours of brilliant achieve
ment we came to a switch, and while a
couple of Dagoes worked with crow
bars, for a pinch lift on the switch fros-
I straightened up and rested my hands
on my hips, My spine, too, -needed a
change of scent>. That move was th*
cue for Mr. Walsh, who popped out
from somewhere.
"Say. young fellow," ho growled, "wa
haven't work enough, it seems, to keep
you busy. Gome to the office and get
your pay."
I protested I was only waltlng.for th<->
bar men to lift the edge -of the frog n
I could get my hands under and help
raise it. but the highly indignant Mr.
Walsh fired me just the same. He couUl
not well ignore the request from th-^
man who saved his life, but there was
nothing in the bond to prevent Mr.
Walsh giving me the grand boiyice on
short notice, and I got it. Ho paid mo
off with thirty cents' worth of street
car tickets— two hours' work at th<>
rate of fifteen cents per. That helped
some, as there was no "Seeing Galves
ton" car in those days, and I couldn't
squander my salary touring the city.
Had the peculiar significance of thirty
cents been established at that time I
would, perhaps, have told Mr. Walsh
his life was worth just what It cost him
to discharge the obligation he owed the
foundry foreman. But. alas! I was shy
on repartee, the same as other neces
saries of life, so I hit the trucks of a
passenger train to Houston.
In the next chapter I walk in a circle,
and later learn something about Red
Meat day in a Texas railroad camp.
(Copyright. 1904, by Charles Dryden.)
office most of the time for the last eight
days — also saw her and rushed In. She
turned to him first.
"How are you. Ben?" sh© asked
eagerly; "all right?"
"Yes, yes, but you? What have you
been up to, girlie? The office has been
full of talk."
The manager was beside them now.
"Is this Miss Delia?" he inquired.
••Yes", sir. Here are the receipts your
commission agents gave me. They
said the fruit was in prims condi
tion."
The manager glanced over the papers
hurriedly.
"Yes, yes; they're all right." he said.
"But we knew that before. Our agents
•wired us that the fruit was in the very
best condition — as good as they had
ever received. I — I hardly know what
to do about this. It's a most untoward
thing, and should receive our severest
censure; and yet you did as well as
our very best messenger — better al
most. I suppose we shall have to pass
It over. . But such a thing must never
happen again. No," as her gaze went
Inquiringly toward. Ben; "we have not
discharged him. He may go on the
next trip. And you — well. It was a
most untoward thing: but I suppose
you did the best you could under such
short .notice. You may stop at the
cashier's window for your money, and
— yes, there's a little recognition for
you there also. You saved us from a
possible great loss. But, remember, the
recognition is accompanied by our most
severe censure."
(Copyright, 1904, by Frank H. Sweet.)
little knowledge may be a dangerous
thing:, too much Is sometimes almost
as Injurious.
(Copyright, 1904, by Albert Brltt)1 — Aldrich. Nelson W., Rhode Isl
land.
2 — Alger, Russell A- 3ilchisan.
3 — Allee, J. Fr *k, Delaware.
4 — Allison. Wi..iam B., Iowa.
6— Ankeny, Levi, Washington.
6— Bacon, Augustus O., Georgia.
7— Bailey, Joseph W.. Texas.
S — Ball. L. Heisler, Delaware.
0 — Bard, Thomas R-, California.
10 — Bate, William B., Tennessee.
11— -Berry, James H., Arkansas.
12 — Beveridge, Albert J., Indiana.
13— Blackburn, Joseph O. S., Ken
tucky.
DOUBLE
HARNESS.
Continued from Page S.
should be the sort of person she was—
a bad sinner, because she could not
minimize nor forget — a bad penitent,
because she could not feel remorse that
the fault had been committed, nor
humbly seek forgiveness for it. It had
abided with her always*— now as a
pleasure, now as a threatening danger,
as both together sometimes. Even at
this moment It was at once the cause
of all her sorrow and her greatest sol
ace in the world.
Tet In the days between the end of
her love for Caylesham and the discov
ery which had been made by John,
there had been another happiness —
when she was on good terms with her
old friend John, when things went well
with them, when he admired her— yes,
when he treated her as something pre
cious, clever and brilliant. Then she
had rejoiced in his pride In her and
friven of the best she had to preserve
and strengthen It- Now, In resent
ment against John she sought to*deny
this., But in what mood would John
come? The maintenance of her denial
depended largely that.
Suddenly she heard the sound of
wheels stopping before the gate of the
house. She eat erect and listened. The
hall door opened. She waited till she
heard it close again, then sprang up,
cast a glance at a looking glass over
the mantelpiece, then turned and faced
the door. Her lips were a little parted;
the stood very still. Expectation min
jrted with defiance In her bearing. A
few minutes passed before there was a
knock at the door. She cleared her
throat to cry:
"Come in!"
John entered and closed the door
carefully behind him: but he did not
advance toward her at once. He stood
where he was, with a curious depreca
tory Emile on his face. She thought he
looked rather old and worn, and he was
shabbily dressed, as his habit was
when he had to look after his own
wardrobe without advice and criticism.
He carried the sense of forlornness, as
he had when he sat with Caylesham'a
chr-ck before him. and the air of being
ashamed, too. But his manner gave
now no hint of anger. Christine's heart
went out to him in a quick impulse of
pyxnpathy; but she crushed the feel-
Ing down, and would give no outward
sign of it. She waited in stillness and
ellence. It was for him to speak, for
MEMBERS OF THE UNITED STATE SENATE
14 — Burnham, Henry E., New Hamp
shire.
15 — Burrows, Julius C, Michigan.
16 — Burton, Joseph R,, Kansas, r-.
17— Carmack, Edward W., Tennessee.
18 — Clapp, 31 oses E., 31innesota.
19 — Clark, William A., 3Iontana.
20 — Clark, Clarence D., Wyoming.
21— Clarke, James P.. Arkansas.
22— Clay, Alexander S., Georgia.
23 — Cockrell, Francis 3L, 3Iissourl.
24 — Culberson. Charles A.. Texas.
25— Cullom, Shelby 31.. Illinois.
26 — Daniel, John \W, Virginia.
27 — Depew, Chauneey 31., New York.'
him to set the note of their interview,
and of more than their Interview — of
their future life, and of how they were
to be to one another henceforward.
"Here I am. Christine. Mrs. Grant
ley told me I should find you in this
room; and here Lam."
She nodded her head coolly* but
gave him no other welcome. He came
two or three steps toward her. holding
out his hands in front of him in an
awkward way, and with that ashamed
pleading smile still on his lips.
"I can't get on without my old girl,"
he said. \ j
In a flash of her quick hi tuition she
knew his mind. The one sentence re
vealed anything which his manner had
left doubtful, He was doing what he
thought wrong, and doing it because he
could not he!p it. He was abandoning
a great and jU3t grievance, and there
by seemed to be sacrificing the claims
of morality, condoning what deserved
no forgiveness, impairing his own self
respect. His position, with all its ob
vious weakness, had not become un
tenable in theory, and his reason, hard
bound In preconceptions, was not con
vinced. He came under the stress of
feeling, because his life had become in
tolerable, because, as he said In one
of his phrases of rough affection, he
could not get on without his old girL
The need he had of her conquered the
grievance that he had against her, and
brought him back to her. He came
with no reproaches, no parade of for
giveness, with neither references to the
past nor terms for the' future.
It was a triumph for Christine, and
of the kind she prized and understood
best— a woman's triumph. It had not
been expected; It was none too well de
served. A color came on her cheeks,
and she breathed rather quickly as she
realized the completeness of it. For a
moment she was minded to use it to
the full, and, since she was no longer
the criminal, to play the tyrant in her
turn. But the very perfection of the
victory forbade. It inspired in her a
feeling which reproaches would have
been powerless to raise— a great pity
for him, a new and more genuine con
demnation of herself. Had she been
bo much as that to him, and yet had
used him so ill? „
"I've been lonely, too, John," she
said. "Come and kiss me. my dear."
He came to her diffidently, and hard
ly touched her cheek when he kissed
her.
"That doesn't feel a bit like you,
John," she said with a nervous laugh,
as she made him sit by her on the
sofa. "Now tell me air about every
thing! I know that's what you want
to do.". '
' That f was what he wanted to do —
'to take 1 her. back into the life which
was eo, empty and Incomplete without
28 — Dietrich, Charles H., Nebraska.
29 — Dillingham, William P., Vermont.
30 — Dolliver, Jonathan P., Iowa.
31 — Dryden, John F., New Jersey.
32 — Dubois, Fred T., Idaho.
33 — Elklns Stephen B., West Virginia.
3-1 — Fairbanks. Charles \V.. Indiana.
35 — Forakcr, Jo;*epli B., Ohio.
36 — Foster, Addison G., Washington.
37 — Foster, 31urphy J., Louisiana,
38— Fulton, Charles W., Oregon.
39 — Gallinger, Jacob H., New Hamp
shire.
40 — Gamble, Robert J., South Dakota.
41 — Gibson. Paris, 3Iontana.
her— to have her again to share his
Interests and to be a partner in his
fortunes. Yet for the moment he could
not do as she bade him. He was much
moved, and was very unready at ex
pressing emotion. He sat in silence,
•gently caressing her hand. It was she
who spoke.
"Of course there's a lot to say; but
don't let's say It, John. You'll know
I'm feellns it. and I shall know that
about you, too. But don't let's say
it." She broke into a smile again. "I
should argue, you know— I always ar
gue! And then- — But if we say
nothing about it, perhaps we — well,
perhaps we can nearly forget it, and
take up the old life where we broke
it off. And it wasn't a bad old life,
after all, was it, in spite of the way wo
both grumbled?" , : '<V£
"My dear old girl!" he murmured.
"I suppose you must be as vulgar as
you like to-day!"^ said Christine, with
a dainty life of her brow and an af
fected resignation. Then suddenly she
turned and kissed him, saying gravely:
"I'm grateful, John* and don't — don't
think there's anything wrong in being
generous."
"I only know I've got to have you
back with me," he said. "That's all I
know about it anyhow."
"I think it's enough, then," she whis
pered softly.
Presently the gates of John's mouth
were loosed, and he began tell all
his news. It was mainly about his
business— how. it had flourished, how
he had built up his credit again, of
the successes he had won; that as soon
as he had paid off his debts— a mo
ment of embarrassment befell him here
—they would be as well off as ever
they had been; horses could be bought
again, the diamonds could reappear,
there would be no need to stint Chris
tine of any of the things that she
loved. All that he had longed for sym
pathetic-ears to hear in the last
months came bubbling: out now. < And
Christine was ready to listen. As he
talked and' she heard, the old llfo
seemed to revive, the old interests of
every day come back, exercised anew
their uniting power, and brought with
them ; the old friendship and comrade
ship. Christine had said that they
could "nearly forget." The words had
her courage in them; they had her
caution, too. To forget what had come
upon them and between them was im
possible—In Christine's obstinate heart
even at this . moment hardly desired;
but It was possible nearly to forget—
at most times so nearly to forget. as to
relegate the thing to some distant
chamber of the heart and - not -let it
count In the commerce and communion
of the life which they had - lived to
gether . and which bound them to one
another with all Its ties. That was the
THE SAN FRANGISCd SUNDAY GALIi
42 — Gorman, Arthur P., Maryland.
43 — Hale, Eugene, Maine.
44— Dick, Chiules, Ohio.
45— Hansborough, Henry C, North
Dakota.
William P. Frye, president pro
tern.
46 — Hawley, Joseph R., Connecticut.
47 — Heyburn. We'ldon B., Idaho.
48 — Crane, W. 3Iurray, 3Iassachusetts.
49 — Hopkins, Albert J., Illinois.
50 — Kcan, John, ~Sexv Jersey. ' „
51 — Kearn, Thomas, Utah.
52 — Klttredge, Alfred B., South Da
kota.
best thing which could be looked to be
forgotten in thought. They were pick
ing up and piecing together the frag
ments. The ruin here had not been as
utter as it had at poor Tom Court
land's where the same process was
being undertaken; but there had been
a crash, and, though the pieces, might
be joined, there would be marks to
show the fracture. Yet even the mem
ory that refused to die brought its
good with it.' After the ruin came the
love which had in the. end sought res
toration: If. the one could not be for
gotten, the other would always claim
an accompanying remembrance. From
this remembrance there • might well
emerge the worries and the friction of
common life which in the old days had
so often disturbed their peace and in
terrupted their, friendship.
Before dinner Christine found an op
portunity to visit Sybilla. in her
room.. Her own brief excitement
and agitation had passed off; Si
bylla seemed -the /more eager of the
two about the event of the day. Chris
tine related it. Her comments on it and
on what it meant ran * ery much in
the foregoing vein, but were mollified
by her u«ual veneer of Irony, for which
her. friend made easy allowance. Si
bylla had been prepared for an ecstasy
of sympathetic congratulation; but it
was evident that, though congratula
tion might be welcomed, ecstasy would
be out of place. Neither Christine's
conclusions from the past nor her an
ticipations of the future invited it.
"How reasonable you are, Christine!"
sighed Sibylla. "And how immoral!"
she added : with a smile. "You're not
really very sorry about -it all. you
know. You're just very glad the trou
ble is over. And you don't expect a bit
more than It's quite likely you'll get!
Do you know, you're very UBeful to
me?"
"My reasonableness or my immorali
ty?" | . i .
"One's an example and the other's
a warning." laughed Sibylla.
"I don't think I'm Immoral. I've had
an awful lesson and I intend to profit
by. It. There'll be nothing more of that
sort, you know."
;-"Why not?" Sibylla asked, curious
tolprobe her friend's mind. ;
VI -don't < know. No temptation — be
ing sorry, for John— being afraid— being,
between . ourselves, thirty-five. ' It all
sounds ' rather - mixed, but it results in
a good resolution. < And as for the fu
ture^- — -"She frowned' just ' a little.
"Oh, it'll be all right, and a great deal
better than I've been thinking lately."
'■ "I ' must * get ■ more like ' you— not quite
like i you, .but more like you.; I must—
I • must!" - Sibylla \ declared -vehemently/
"Has being ■■- thirty-five a great ■ deal i to
do with it? Because then* I "can- wait
and ! hope." ■
63 — Latimer, Asbury C, South Caro
. llna.
54 — Lodge, Henry Cabot, Massachu
setts.
55 — TiOiisr, Chester I., Kansas.
56— 3IcComas, Louis E., Maryland.
67— McCreary, James B M Kentucky.
58 — McCumber, J., North Da
kota.
59 — McEnery, Samuel D., Louisiana.
60— »IcLarin, Ansclm J., Mississippi.
61 — Mallpry. Stephen R., Florida,
62 — Martin, Thomas S., Virginia.
63— Millard. Joseph H., Nebraska.
64— Mitchell, John H-, Oregon.
"I should think It had a good deal to
do with it," admitted Christine dispas
sionately. "Oh, well, I needn't „ run
rays If down too much. Really John
has a good deal to say to It."
"I've Frank, too."
"Yes, you have; and you're in love
with your husband, my dear." .
"That doesn't always make it easier."
"At any rate • it keeps up one'&* in
terest in the whole affair," smiled
Christine.
"You're happy, anyhow?"
"Happy? Yes, reasonably happy—
and I suppose Immorally, too. At any
rate I'm settled, and that's really a
comfort in Its way."
"I don't, know that I car* so much
about being settled. Perhaps I shall at
thirty-five!" v
The Idea of years making any differ
ence, to her moods or her needs seemed
rather a new one to Sibylla. Evidently
she was holding it In her mind and
turning. It over In her thoughts.
The idea was with her still as she
sat rather silent at the dinner table
that evening. They had a little party,
for all the Raymores joined them, and
young* Mallam was there also, their
guest for the night. Christine was very
g-y and satirical. John watched her
with ready admiration, but less ready
understanding. The young men were
rather noisy, toastlng-to-morrow*s wed
ding to the confusion of the bridegroom
and the equal confusion of Eva Ray
more, to "whose not distant destiny
both Jeremy's words and Jeremy's eyes
made reference by no means covert.
Kate Raymore and her husband looked
on with the subdued and tempered
happiness which was the outcome . of
their great sorrow, their triumph
over it, and the impending depart
ure of their son, to complete the
working out of his atonement. They
talked of the Selfords with some irony,
of poor Harriet Courtland. of Tom
and his children with a sympathetic
.hopefulness and a touch '. of- amuse
ment at the importance their dear old
Suzette . Bllgh was assuming and was,
it seemed, to assume in the household.
Sibylla's own thoughts widened the
survey, embracing in . it the couple
down at Old Mill House— the faithful
patient woman: whose love made even
the . ridiculous touching — the broken
old man ': who had given the • best of
his life in expiation for. a brief mad
ness, and now crept; home to end his
days, asking nothing, but peace, hop
ing at best not to be despised or
shunned. - Above in . his cot lay her
little son, at the other end : of the
scale,- at the beginning of, all things;
and opopsite,-to her was : Grantley
himself, unbroken but not unchanged:
obedient to f lessons, .but never" put to
heart by them ; doing violence to .what
he had held most truly and most pre-
65 — Money, Hernando D., 3UssisslppL
66 — Morgan, John T., Alabama.
67 — Nelson, Knute, Minnesota.
68 — Newlands, Francis G., Nevada.
69 — Overman, Lee S., North Carolina.
70— Patterson, Thomas M., Colorado.
71— -Penrose, Boies, Pennsylvania,
72 — Perkins, George C, California.
73 — Pettus, Edmund W., Alabama.
74 — Platt, Orville H., Connecticut.
75— Platt, Thomas C, New York.
76 — Proctor, Redfield, Vermont.
77— Quarles, Joseph V., Wisconsin.
78 — Knox, Philander C, Pennsylvania.
79 — Scott, Nathan B^ West Virginia.
•
ciously himself In order to the search
and discovery of something more true
and precious still. The Idea of the
ever passing years and of feelings and
fortunes appropriate to each stage of
life helped her, but was not enough.
There were differences of minds, too,
of tempers and of views; and every
one of them implied a fitting in, per
haps a paring away here or an addi
tion there— a harmonizing; these
things must be if the system was to
work. Reluctantly and gradually her
ardent mind, by nature ever either
buoyant In the heaven of assured
hope or cast down to the depths of
despair, bowed to the middle conclu
sion and consented to look through
the eyes of wisdom and experience.
Happy he who can so look, and yet
look without bitterness, who* can sea
calamity without despair, and accept
partial success without peevishness.
There were the hopeless cases. These
must be explained of left unexplained,
by what creed or philosophy you
chose to hold. There were — surely
there were! — the few perfect ones,
where there was not even danger, nor
the need, for effort or for; guard. Of
such she had deemed hers one. It
had needed much to open her eyes —
much sorrow and wrong In her own
life — much sorrow, wrong and calam^,
ity In the lives which passed within
her view. But her eyes were open
now. Yet she took courage — she took
courage from Grantley, whose crest
was not lowered, though his heart was
changed.
, So spoke reason, and to It Sibylla
bowed. The array of cases, the mar
shaling of Instances, all that the peo
ple and the lives about her had rep
resented and typified — their moral
was not to be denied. But reason is
not the sole governor, nor even the
only teacher. It might open her eyes;
It might even moderate the arrogance
of her demands; it could not change
the temper of her heart. She was
not even chilled, far less embittered.
She went forth -to meet life and lovo
as ardently as ever. The change was
that she knew more what these thing3
were which she started forth to wel
come and perceived better to what she
must attune herself. She would hope
and enjoy still. But she asked no
more a privilege over her fellows. She
could hope as a- mortal without im
munity from evil and enjoy as one to
whom there Is allotted a portion, of
sorrow— and not of her own only, nor
perhaps of her : making, nor of her
fault, since her own act and by na
ture's will her being was bound up
with the being of others, and her
happiness or misery, success, or fail
ure, lay in the . common fortune and
the common weaL ' For any mortal
perfect independence is a vain thing
80 — Simmons, Fumifold SlcLv, Jfortti
Carolina.
81 — Smoot, Reed, Utah.
82 — Spooner, John <X, Wisconsin.
83 — Stewart, William 31.. Nevada.
84 — Stone. William J., .Missouri.
83 — Tallaferro, James P., Florida.
8C — Teller, Henry M., Colorado.
87 — Tillman. Benjamin R., South
Carolina.
8S — Warren, Francis E., Wyoming.
89 — Wetmore, George P., Rhode Isl
and.
90— Daniel 31. Ransdell, sergeant at
arms.
fondly imagined — most vain and fond
when It is demanded together with
all for which any approach to It was
once eagerly abandoned.
The battle was won. As John Fan
shaw sacrificed his great grievance,
so she hers. As old Mumpla had
expiated his fault and paid tha
price, so she hers. As Grant
ley schooled his heart, so she hers.
She walked with him that night in tha
garden while the rest made merry "with
games and songs and Jokes within,
their gay laughter echoing down to tha
old house where tha long-parted hus
band and wife sat at last hand In hand.
She bowed her head, and put her hands
in Grantley* s, saying:
"At the first sign from you It was
easy to forgive. Hot could I not for
give you? But it's hard to ask to bo
forgiven, Grantley."
"It was necessary that these things
should come," he answered gravely.
"They have come and gone. What are
they now between the© and me?"
Wisdom had made her point, and for
a while now she wisely held her peace,
leaving her work to another who
should surely bring it to an excellent
Issue — to love, tempered by sorrgir and
self-knowledge, yet triumphant? and
looking forward to new days, nevr
births, new victories.
"The old time is done," said Grant
ley. "There's a new dawn. And, Sibyl
la, the sunrise Is golden still."
"My ever true lover, we'll rida on th»
downs to-morrow," said she.
"Into the gold?" he asked, in loving
banter.
"Yes," she answered bravely.
"Haven't we found the way nowf
"It mav be hard to keep It."
"We shall be together— ydu and X.
And more than you and me. And — and
— well, I intend to be unreasonable*
again just for this •venlng! I'll ex
pect everything, and demand every
thing, and dream everything again,
just for to-night— Just for to-night.
Grantley!"
She ended in a merry laugh, as she
stood opposite him with dancing eyes.
"You're alwavs thorough. I was
afraid you were going to be a bit too
thorough with those delusions. Need
we make quite so clean a sweep of
them??
"As if I ever should!" Sibylla sighed.
"Perhaps we've been doing one or
two of them a little Injustice?" he sug
gested.
. "We'll let them stay a little bit and
see if they can clear their characters,"
said she. 'There might be one great
truth hidden *among them."
"I rather fancy there is." said Grant
le"!r Imason. "and we'll have the felloe
out cf his disguise."
THE END,THE RAGING
OF THE SEA
(Copyright, U«f-i, by JJcfiure. Phillips & Co.)
IT may hs that in her under parts —
in some twist of Leel or bottom —
Job Luffs i>unt was most won
drousJy constructed; to the casual
eye. which was Invariably contemptu
ous, she was stubby and stupidly squat.
"With all her heaviness of outline— her
Juggy. sullen guise at anchor— she had
an evil refutation for nerves, the bad
n&jiie of a slender rake of a craft, and
t-he was damned as a. reprobate crank
in three harbors for the lives that had
been lost from her. The gossip of the
Cuke and the stage, had she but under
stood, would have touched her true old
htart to the quick. When they rallied
Job Luff on her way; he made vague
allusion to a salmon's belly; so it may
be that her perversity proceeded from
a crank in her keel or bottom, for Job
had fashioned both in secret. She was
a well-intentioned punt; all she de
manded was a modicum of faith and' a
sympathetic hand on sheet and steering
oar, which is to say that she craved to
be understood. She nosed her way
through high seas with gusto. In the
eight of Job Luff her only fault was
that she was a laggard in a light wind,
and he freely forgave her that.
It was in Ihe image of this Job Luff
that she was made; a tawny lout,
frowsy, greasy, shiftless, with a queer
twin to him — a glint in his eye, a
fleck cf red in his shifty glance.
In the days before the tide lured
little Skipper Jo and Ezekiel Sevior
into the maw of the sea (when all
the mysteries of sea and sky and wil
derness were revealed in a flash)
never a great wind cam/ but they
sjed to Lookout Head to see Job Luff
•beat in.
In the hot days between the times of
oaplin and herring, when there is no
bait and the fish are jigjred from the
shallows. Job Luff followed the sign to
Windy Cove, with Billy Luff, his boy.
at the- bow oars, to keep the head of
th« punt up, if luck should be with
them; and there he found the cod. nin
fathoms deep, dawdling in the shadow
of the rock*. The rish had eluded tha
fleet for thr*»e days and now that ths
fleet wap stupidly hanging ofT shore in
the Eun-soaked breeze, tossing in the
lop. and flocked like aimless ehe*'p.
Billy kept thv boat out of thi break
ers' grasp while Job jerked up the fish
on the prongs of his Jigger.
. Never the fi~sh of a scale got to the
tpying eyes <.i the fleet, for Job Luu—
the tawny old reprobate— worked th»*
jigging line with one h^nd and held his
pipe in the other, meantime giving
great and delusive clouds to the b.-eoz.':
and he slipped the catch ov*r the gdn
wale under cover of the great body;
and. with a sinful chuckle, added it
to the rising heap ur.d°r the tarpiulin
The fleet lookouts kept keen watch on
another. They shot many a glance to
Windy Covo. on the alert for the
gleam of a fish; and th^-y wElspjreJ to
their matos st the unfruitful lirtes thnt
Job I.uff v. ;i «; lazying the day av/iiy in
the shade of the shore, catching ;.o.h
ing.
"Do they be cotchin' anything off
shoare. b'y?" Job asked.
"Xar a belly do I see, zur." said B:i!y
Luff-
. The fish were thick. Job's arm was
wearing out. He hauled in a great cod
caught by the tail, and slid it under
cover.
"Eleazar Manuel do have his eye on
we, zur," said Billy.
"Dunderhead!" chuckled Job. "W T here
be they now, b'y?"
S"They be tag-gin' Jacob Sevior to—"
"Do he be comin' this way, b'y?"
Job asked in alarm.
"Sure. noa. zur; he do be gonin*
wing an" wing for the rrfounds off th?
Mull. zur. They be handy to his
etarn."
At the last it was a gunwale load.
The catch overflowed the holds, fore
and aft— lay glistening everywhere; the
punt was sunk low with its weight.
Lord, how goodly a catch it was! What
a triumph in the sight of men! Here
v.as a fat fellow, almost as big as Billy
himself. It was the promise of a Jew's
harp and a bullseye and a picture of
the Queen. The sea had been plunder
ed of six of that weight — six fat. sleepy
fellows. Thore they lay. Happing
their shiny tails! When the trader
should bring his treasureship into the
harbor they would be turned into
raisins and a red handkerchief. Job
vowed it then and there- The silver
bellies in the afterhold rippled with
smiles.
They dazzled the eyes of Job Luff.
Here was a length of calico for the lit
tle maid. Here were molasses and tea
for more winter evenings than one.
Gleam chased gleam over the scales in
the ffcrehold. The catch shot silvery
flashes back at the sun. This was a
plug of tobacco; that one would go
■with the broose for breakfast; this
•would put a pane in the loft window
when the enow flew; that would give
the gcotl wife a new spade. There was
a cong in heart of the man. It was the
eong of the victor. Such a catch it was.
He -would work no more for three days.
He would lie in the £un of the hillside.
He would climb the cliff and watch the
gulls circle over the sea. It was a gun
wale load! The sea had been plun
dered while she sl<-pt.
"The fleet do be runnin' hoame, zur,"
said Billy Luff. "They be scodtin* for
the caster tickle."
It was not yet night. "Hoame, b'y!"
exclaimed Job.
"Iss, zur. Eleazar Manuel do be in
the lead. He've a reef to his mains'I.
They be goain' fast, zur. Jacob Sevior
do be reefln* his sail now."
The sea. as visible from the cove, was
placid; the sky was an unruffled blue.
"They must be wind t'other side o* the
Head," said Job. "Pull out, b'y."
Billy Luff pulled out, with his heart
in a flutter of fear.
It was the gale from the northeast —
the rasing of the sea; it had burst from
those moody distances' which are be
yond the k«n cf the coast; wherein, in.
the experience of the men of the place,
peril lurks always. It had corne like
a force bent on ravag/. There had
been no premonition In sea or sky;
it had caught the little fleet of Ragged
Harbor napping off Mad MulL The
zenith was overcast with thin clouds,
which the wind had torn to shreds.
They spread themselves quickly over
the blue in the west: they raced tr»
obscure the sun. Heavy clouds, with
waving tatters, rose solemnly from the
horizon, which was black.
"We be eotched, zur," said Billy Luff.
Windy Cove is narrow and precipi
tous. Above and below the cliffs rise
sheer. There is surf In every part. The
water is spread with foam. The place
is noisy with the crash of wave against
rpek. There is no harbor there. It is
s trap for punts in ; a pale from the
nor'east. The trap shuts when • the
wind strikes with full force.
"We be eotched, zur!"
It was a Question. of abandoning tlw
punt and catch.
"You goa ashoarc\ b'y," said Job
sharply. "The punt do be too heavy
a'ready." He pushed .the boy. eft; "By
Gawd, I'll taks un in safe!" Hi
snatched up th* uars. "They Ije no
wind that blows the punt Can't ridj
out." The ilara that proclaimed thi
twist in the man was now in his eyes.
"Get t' h'oame by the goat path, man
o'-war way, b'y»\'
"Sure, I \sz 'feared t' leap, zur."
"Hut!" -:';-
Job backed the punt toward a break
in the rock. Billy made ready to leap
for the foothold it offered. Job let the
punt sweep in with a breaker, stern
on. His oars were poised — alert.
"Jump, b"y!"
Th<? water sank. The boat went down
with it as though to its wreck. A l>!ack
abyss opened btfore the boy. He hesi
tated. Job pulled the punt out of dan
ger before the breaker had fastened
its grip upon it. He said nothing.
"Hark f the gale, b'y!"
The sky was black overhead. A
strange dus=k was filling Windy Cove.
The gale was so near that they cjuld
hrar the s«=-a hiss.
"Iss. zur."
"You be a true man, b'y!" Job .ex
claimed.
Billy crouched to raring. Job let the
pu'it dritt in, ready, as befor?, to pull
out before the time of grace was past.
It went swiftly to the verge of the
abyss. »
"Now!"
Billy leaned. He landed sure and
clung to the rock like a mussel. Job
was breathless when he had wrested
the punt from -he breakers" churn.
"Oh, fawther!" Billy cried. He was
looking dawn from the solid ground
above He was overcome by that ter
ror which an advancing storm inspires.
Job had pulled through half the dis
tance to i?ea room when the gali struck
the cove. The sea water seethed about
the punt. The spume covered" the man.
Noise confused him — noise compounded
and r*»-echolng, as in a cavern*. It was
as though the wind tried to push him
into the depths of the cove, where the
breakers could grasp him to' his . un-,
doing. The wind swept from a wide
place into a harrow. It was like
water rushing through a straightened
channel. In confusion he could not
prevail against that force. He drifted
back. The distance between the punt
and the breakers diminished by inches.
The space lessened visibly. The punt
had no part in this fight. She was the
prize.
It was the wind pitted against the
man's spirit and the sheer strength of
his arms and. back. The wind veered
of a sudden. It caught the punt on the
port bow and struggled to turn it
broadside. This was the crisis. Had
the risht arm of the man weakened
the wind would have won mortal ad
vantage in the increased surface /ex
posed to its force. Job perceived the
imminence of disaster. He concen
trated his strength in his right arm and
forced the bow back Into the wind's
eye. His muscles were sore of the
strain put upon them; and he was now
bleeding at the nose. But the momen
tary gain steadied him. He exerted his
strength intelligently.' " He pulled with
craft, taking advantage of every lull to
creep up. Thus he drew away from the
.breakers. .
"Now for it^ lass!" Job cried. Thus
the first stirrings of the Joy of conflict
expressed themselves.
The escape wa3 Into new peril. The
gale had trailed wet dusk over the har
bor and the sea between. The tickle.
through which the fleet had now fled, to'
the sanctuary of the harbor basin, was
marked by its breakers. It was but a
splash of white in vague distance. The
sea was a gray, tossing waste, with
shadowy limits. The surges in the
northeast communicated their restless
ness to its depths. The shallow surface
waves took contrary direction with the
madcap wind— excited themselves to be
wilderment, to irrational force and vcl
ume. Thus the attack was delivered
upon flank and front simultaneously.
Ihe punt was laden with the catch.
I>id she complain of the load? She call
ed it ballast. There's a brave heart
for you! She rammed the b\ack, spume-,
crested waves each in its turn, as they
rose to strike. They cams in, infinite
nuiobers, rank upon tHe heels of rank,
the plumes of the pressing host stretch
ing far into the immeasurably expanse.
Let the creaking of her eld timbers be
likened to ea^er whines! In that spirit
she attacked. Interminably the waters
rose to engulf her. Sha sprang . at
th^m, faltering only to gather fores:
she struck them fair; she shattered
them into spray; she shook herself free
of the clogging fragments and plunged
on with such grit and strength as
swells the heart to see. "•
The folk of Ragged Harbor— the two
hundred souls— were gathered on Look
out Head to watch Job Luff beat in, as
they had gathered many times before.
They were standing full, in the wind
on a slope of rock high above the sea.
Job's wife was there, with her brood
hanging to her fluttering^ skirts! The
rain had ceased. The alrAvas washed
clean. The sea was suffused with gray
light. The punt was clear.to the patch
on her sail.
"Why doan't he heave his catch
over?" cried Jim Rideout.' . '
"She'll ' swamp when hs. fetches
about," said Eleazar Manuel.
"I mind me he've weathered warse
gales, Eleazar Manuel," said Job Luff's
"She'll swamp like a flash, woman "
Job stood off to the south. The new
tack was cleverly taken. The punt was
now almost broadside to the rock.
"What's he to?"
"Runnin' for Boot Cove, b'y."
"He've lost hisself. The lop do be too
heavy t* land."
"Do he be heavin', his fish over, Elea
zar?" This was Sammy Arnold, who
was near blind of old age. «
. "He be's comin'; about." V "
" 'Tis a clever hand with a . punt "
said Jim Rideout. "He! be's comin' in
on this ; tack." ;;-.'- :-- -.-. -'■ '-,: % '(,:;
"Do he be heavin' his flsh over, b'y?"
. Sammy, Arnold demanded. ,*
"Noa, b'y. : Not ; Job . Luff I"', ',.
The punt came, tearing in, through a
head, sea, reeling.1 plunging.' Job held
! her up to it with that rag of a sail.
"Do he be 'shlppin'" water," Eleazar?"
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
Again Sammy. Arnold. V !
"He do be bailln' now." •■*•. v -
"Have he his sheet fast, b'y? • I do
be blind this day.
"Iks, sure; 'tis tied to his foot."
Job managed the sheet with his foot.
He worked the steering oar with his
right hand and bailed- with the other.
" 'Tis a stiff punt," said Sammy Ar
,nold.
" 'Tis that."
The punt was coming to her i own.
Ragged Harbor watched her keenly as
she reeled through that head sea. In
all. the years of her unhonored life not
so much had been said before.. > i
. " 'Tis a gran' punt," said Eleazar
, ,. ... s ,
"'Tis the best punt f Ragged Har
-bor." .. ; ./ . v.
There was no one to' gainsay it. /In
.the end the ill-favored craft had found
honor. . . „ - .
Job was under the Head. The tickle
stretched from before him to the calm
: of .the . harbor basin. ; /The punt's flgh t
was .won. It Was for the man to sweep
through 'to placid water; but net
through placid water— through n«ise
and tumultuous waves, a narrow place
where the breakers - reach from the
rocks on either side like claws. * It was
for; him to sweep through to placid
water; then he must pull, to the stage
and . land the fish. .The sure path was
; the middle.' ; Deyiation meant wreck
inevitable wreck', if ,- the , breakers so
. much as laid a finger, on ■- the - boat. , • It
.was butsport for a sure hand andean
eye -alert. .80 be It; the hand must be
; continuously sure ; and 'the . eye alert
always. , In ; response to '. the oar the
punt. veered and sped like an arrow. for
the middle. : Job ran his eye over the
catch. Then, madly exultant, he look
ed up to the people on the rock. He had
won!. It waa a triumph for courage and
the punt. But in that vaunting glance
he betrayed the punt. »A puff of wind
caught the- rag 'of a sail; elsewhere, a
breath to be disregarded; here and now,
with an l/nwatchf ul hand on the sheet.
a transcendent peril. Job's eyes were
on the people. Every faculty was sub
merged in. his exultation.
| Two. things followed; for. one, the
hand on the oar Mfaa lax; moreover,- his
perception of the situation .of the punt
— the. immediat? . formation of the
waves, and the sphere of the breakers
.— Ti-as, for the . instant, suspended.
Hence, when the wind caught the sail,
its influence was not instantaneously
counteracted. The moments of grace
flashed past while the man rallied his
faculties to meet the danger; . while,
too, he possessed \himself anew of, his
immediate surroundings. His. impres
sion of the waves and breakers had to
be destroyed and reconstructed. Those
waves which had been photographed on
his brain- when he looked up at the
people had now subsided; new onfes had
replaced them— waves of different form
and place. Those breakers. which had
been* gathering force to dash against
the rocks had delivered th sir attack,
had broken. and fallen, . and were now
gathering for a ne\y rush. The face of
the tickle " was a new face. He was
dazed.. Time was consumed," also, in
determining upon a, course of action. It
took time to transmit'directions to the
hand on the oar, time for the hand to
'■ comprehend, '.to; summon its strength
and to exert it.
! -v These ■' were supremely momentous
periods. " Job had • betrayed ' the " punt.
The puff of wind had swerved her from
her course. A long, lean breaker, reach
ing far out from Black Rock, had laid
hold of her and fixed its clutch. She
was swept In. Her motion was like that
of a failing stone — imperceptible at
first, gathering speed, accelerating to
a rush. The man felt the new Influence
in the beginning. -Then he. perceived
that all his strength — which he now
furiously exerted — could not take her to
the placid i water of the harbor, a few
fathoms beyond. She had been carried
out of her course. She was caught. She
was doomed. Hence he diverted his
strength to swerving her bow on to
the rock, that -he might save himself.
The possibility of his escape was con
.tained in seven seconds of time. He
dropped .the oar and lsaped forward;
then crouched in the bow for a spring.
His eyes swept the . face : of the rock
for a foothold while the punt ad
.vanced. There was but a flash of time
for discovery 'and decision. The glance
was swift, sure, eager. It fixed itself
at the .last on a narrow ledge. The
sum of all those things which are im
portant to a man hung upon the pos-
STbility of reaching that ledge.
Job made "the leap when the* punt
overhung the abyss, but from sinking
ground; for the wave," as though of
craft, pulled the boat "from his feet
as he. sprang. .. > ...
V It must be said that Black Rock is
at. that point near sheer.--. The. cliff 'is
weather-broken and rotten; .frost and
wind have fretted narrow ledges there
in and left a crumbling surface,- which
latter, scales off, in most 1 paits,. under"
a violence no greater than thfe;bent of
a child's strength. - Now, ' the : sudden
descent of the punt" had 'disturbed the
man'sieap. For tnat reason he missed
his hold with one foot. The toe of
his right boot struck the rock below
the .ledge. That foot found no place.
Hence he tottered. His full weight waa
upon the other foot, which was firm
fixed from toe to instep. Supreme re
sponsibility centered, momentarily, in
the muscles of that leg. But he was
toppling backward; he would fall to
the wave which was then crunching
the punt and he would be cast up with
splinters. He clawed the rock for a
handhold. His right hand caught a
projection; this crumbled in his grasp.
Even so he had brought himself
back to within a hair's weight of a
balance; but the weight of the hair
was against him. If the left hand
should fail in its search, that differ
ence would surely prevail. The third
finger found a crack with a frayed
edge; the nail caught a scale'of rock —
a loose scale, which trembled under
the strain. Upon that scale — upon its
tender, slender connection with the
great body of rock — the issue now de
pended. Here all the struggle cul
minated — the mighty exertion of th«
cove, the skill and courage of the at
tack upon the waves, the little punt's
stanch repulse of high seas, all ended
in the strain the finger nail put upon
the scale of rock, and that strain was
not. greater than a thread might sus
tain^nor longer than a breath.
The scale held. The finger nail did
not break. The man drew his body
forward. The wav» rose to his boot
tops and washed with expiring
strength about his feet. It left him
below PUnt WaS a splintered wreck
Some convulsive effort of the sale
aa it tore Into the distance rent the
thick, low clouds in the west. The tat
l'«i% °L th , e rift flowed crimson and
gold,- black was elsewhere. The sun
shooting: through, gilded the crests of
the waves; the sea flashed from ex
panse to expanse. The breakers threw
lr.descent spray at the sky. Hills and
rocks took on their sunset garb of
struck the bellies of the catch and
■were radiantly reflected. The fishes
of the gunwale load gleamed for a
space, where they floated with the
splinters of the punt that had gone
to wreck in all honor. They shone
like burnished silver while they sank,
fluttering into the black, hidden depths
of the tickle. Night advanced with
swift feet. Heavy clouds covered the
sun as it sank. Dusk enshrouded the
Pillar and the Staff. The wind sighed
and died. Silence descended. From
ther. summit of Black Rock Job Luff
looked out oyerx the sea to the edg>*
of the world. There a streak of lurid
red separated the sea from the sky.
ItjWas'a tragedy of. that coast!•
FROM the old lop meeting-house arose a
& chant, sweet echo of a determined
past, the music-history of Anglo-Saxon
fortitude- The preacher had not yet ar
rived and beneath the trees sat the wise
men of the community, and when Old Lim Juck
im got out of his wagon, conducting his wife to the
-i«.Mjr, a youns fellow well trained in manners arose
to give the chicken fighting oracle a peat. He sat
down with his back against a tree, put his hat on
ih<> ground beside him, uttered the necessary com
mon j laces Incident upon meeting his friends, saw a
needed rain coming within two days, and then aftei
tt short silence remarked: "I eee that a Jedge over at
Raleigh in grantin' a divorce says there don't appear
to be any doubt of the fact that marriage Is a failure.
From time to time within the past few years I have
l'-earn aomethin' about this here failure on the part of
marriage, but never put my mind down on it till one of
<n:r own Jedges rendered his d&cleion in the matter." )
And then 'Squire Brizlntlne spoke up. "And does it
Heeiu to you, Lemuel, that he has got anywhere close
down to the truth?"
Out of his hat the old man took his red bandana
handkerchief, wiped hla brow and, spreading the
handkerchief across his knees, replied that it was a
Matter that needed some little investigation. "Take the
rape cf little Sammy Peel." said he. "Married tha
■wicder Euntin. that weighs two hundred und ninety
Don't appear to have been a failure in his case."
The boys laughed and Squire Brizintine blew hla
nope with a loud snore, for it was known.that r.ot
Jons after the death of -his wife he had paid court
to ihe widow. "It Is a question," old Lim con-
I'.n-jod. 'that is a aggitatin' of society, and has
been I reckon since the Lord first flung open the
front door of time. And it is a subject that so •
many folks are related to one way or another
that it sorter makes a feller feel sad to think
about the opinion of the Jedge over at Raleigh.
But the only way to find out whether or not the
thing is true is to start an nggitation and keep it
a goin'. There are thousands of men that stand
ready to come forward, and swear that human
life Itself is a failure and has been, ever since old
Noah drank too much of his own wine. There
is= away to look at everything and make it a
failure. The gospel itself is only a success in
spots. And I reckon it's putty, much that Way
with marriage. If the right spots ain't found it
ain't the fault of the institution of marriage, but
is error in the Jedgment of man."
"But how about the jedgmertt of woman?"
Ffjuire Brizintine put in, and the .boys smiled, for,
in the neighborhood it was well known that the
squire and his wife had with their dissensions
awakened the echoes of many a dark night.
Old Lim sat smoothing his handkerchief
across his knees. "Well," said he. "with
woman the question of marriage comes ua
before ?he has jedgment enough to make a
good decision. We know that at twenty a
boy Is nothln* but a boy. but we expect
a girl at that. age to be ripe enough to
take charge of a household. At twenty
I had Jest about sense enough to take '
a rabbit out of a trap. Didn't have
enough to keep out of a trap my
*=elf. We talk about virtues: but fea
tures are the main points to be
considered in the question of marriage. > •
and as these things appeal more to woman
than to man. she 13 in a way to make more
retakes. Common sense ought to tell women
that good-!ookln\ men don't make the Jaest hus
band?: but that's where the trouble lies, the lack of
common sense. A curl hangin' low over a forehead and
ti*? ? Jif f ' tu J! e : tD alau *h count- roor* wHfithe averaee
girl than the multiplication" tabje. .- And there may
6 *,^ ta lhe Wtchen stpve. Any., feller
smiles when he goes a courf.n'. but the feller that
is most useful to a community and at home is the
one that smiles some when he's at work. The hap
piest time of a girl's life Is when she is engaged for
him on looks, and he take, her the same w™ ana ' !
ANGEL'S VICTORY
"| ILL hated her, chiefly because
I \ Morton, the , smooth-tongued
I I borso dealer, got the better of
\J the bargain when he sold her
*^ to the manager of Cowara.
Hill prided himself on his knowledge
of horseflesh, but Angel, the chestnut.
v.as old or rather middle-aged and not
the young thing Morton had repre
*entr.p her to be.
Moreover, her temper, soured . by
lung: years cf ill treatment, was none
of the best. She was nervous, too.
tnoTish v.ith Hill she was only mulish,
r!c!on* and obstinate. She hated but
dM not fear him. She evidently
dirined his diElike and returned it In
V»*:*h Wiifred Paton. the overseer.
c mr.n of passionate temper, but kind
nnd lender to women and children and
dumb creatures, by whom he was
blindly r.dored. Angel was gentleness
itself. It could readily be believed
whpn one watched him handle the
mare that under happier circum
stances she tnifht have fitted her
From ih*> first it had been a series
of battle? between the chestnut and
HI'!, ia which the men usually won
out ty cheer brutality.
Then* had been no rain for months.
Eaca day the men watched the sky,
taut th«? pitiless sun poured his scorch
ing: rays on the parched earth, with
never a cloud to veil his face or tem
per the heat The water in the dam
was gating low, and when that was
-one the station people would have
cither to perish or get out, unless
water were reached in the well Hill
■xos sinking on the flat. Water was a
priceless commodity on that inland
Australian station.
One close day late In February
came the crisis of that awful summer
"ot a leaf stirred. The air at each
inhalation burnt the lungs, and the
limit of human endurance seemed to
have been reached. Yet It was this
afternoon of all others that Hill or
dered Paton and Malcolm to fill the
big iron tank.
They worked hard for an hour, Mal
cclm filling the buckets and handing
them up to Paton. who poured the
contents Into a tank. When their
JOTTING OF OLD LIM JUCKLIN
ON MARRIAGE
By F. E. Hawson
task was finished they returned to the
house.
"We've filled the five-hundred gal-
Ion tank." said Paton. coming up to
where Bill half reclined in a steamer
chair on the veranda. "It's down at
the dam In the tip cart, but I hate to
leave It to evaporate in the sun, and
there isn't a horse to drag It up to the
house."
"Where are Bones and Myope?"
"Erniles has them down working at
the new dam, and Charlie has taken
the two blacks and gone over to the
veil sinkers' camp with rations. The*
other horses, aa you know, were sent
away to llcLellan's yesterday to save
cur water." answered Paton.
••Well, Artfeel 13 in the paddock
Isn't she? Put her in."
"It's too heavy a load for Angel. She
Icn't built for such work."
"I say ehe shall," cried Hill. "I'm
boss here, and when I Bay a thing is
to be done, it's going to be done.".
"All right! Go ahead and do It
yourself!" responded Paton. The over
seer and the manager never did hit
it very we!!, and the heat hadn't Im
proved their tempers. "But stay," Pa
lon added, a thought striking him. "I'll
try what I can do first-" ; Vrvv
With that Paton went down to the
pdddock, caught Angel, harnessed her,
put her in the cart, and then coaxed
her to drag the load. By striving and
straining, she dragged the cart a few
steps through the heavy sand, then
paused and turned her eyes on Paton
entreatingly as though to say:
"I'd do it for you, but I can't."
Hill was watching the performance
from the .veranda, for the house was
built on the top of the sand hill, the
dam was in the creek at its foot, and
no bushes intervened. When the man
ager saw the horse stop he got up and
went quickly down. ',
"What's the matter?" he asked.
"It's just as I said," answered Paton,
"the mare hasn't the strength to haul
such a load."
"Hasn't she? I'll see about that It's
her d—d 'obstinacy, that's what It is.
Angel? It's Devil she ought to be
called." .
THE ,SAN FRANCISCO. .CALC
"Let me get the other tank, put half
the water in It. and then she can easily
manage it in two trips," suggested Fa
ton, controlling his rising anger.
"No! She'll haul the tank as it is!"
"Then I'll wash my hands, of the
whole business." ' • .'-^ov-' •
Paton walked, up the slope. As he
stepped on the veranda, Mrp. Hill, who
was standing at the door, looked' back
into the house and called to her yotmg
cousin:
"Muriel, come out and see this brute!
She won't pull the tank up the hill, but
Horacfe will goon make her. He knows
how to manage horses." And eheshot.
a .scornful glance in Paton's direction.
Muriel Everton came out. She was a
tall, slender girl, dressed in white. Her
delicate throat was bare and her cheeks*
blanched by the heat, but her beautiful
brown eyes were clear and deep and;
tender. She and Paton exchanged quick
glances, then she looked down at the
man and the horse, shuddered and
turned away...
'Hill, by thrashing. the chestnut, had
forced her to haul the cart a few steps,
then Angel stopped. With kindness she
might have made a further but
Hill had aroused her obstinate spirit
and she would not budge an inch. This
infuriated . the man and he- beat her
over the head with the butt of the
stock wftlp he carried. Still she did not
move. Then, as he continued to beat
her, in her agony she stepped back
ward, plunged and reared, the' cart
tipped back, the mare was drawn up
and in her struggles broke the shafts,
the tank fell out. the cover rolled off
and the whole of the five hundred gal
lons of precious water was swallowed
up by the burning sand. Hill took the
horse from the' cart, and, Insane with
rage, commenced. to thrash her again.
. Then there was a sudden rush of
something white, as though a cloud
were flying down the hill, arid v Muriel'
threw herself between Hill' and Angel,
Wasping the mare's head in her. arms,
and the heavy whip descended on the
delicate shoulders,/ which, showed pink
and then scarlet through the thin mus
lin of her gown. '-.
Before Hill's" raised arm could- fall,
against was grasped by a strong hand
and a fierce' voice hissed: *
"Madman! Would you strike a
woman?", r >
For a moment ; Hill's glance met the
stern eyes of the overseer, : then It wa
vered and . fell "on the' girl.
" "Muriel, are you • there? • • Did ' I hit
you? I didn't mean to," he said weak-
Jy. Did it hurt?"
"Hurt!" cried Paton, his eyes fairly
blazing. "Do you know that you might
have killed her?"
. "She shouldn't have interfered," said
Hill, sullenly. ' . . .
• "Not another word, or, by heaven I'll
kill you," said Paton. Hill shrank from
the furv in the other man's eyes, and
slunk away to;the house.
"My darling," said Paton in a voice
so fraught with love that the girl's
heart quivered with a joy that was al
most pain, "did j he hurt you very
much?" Arid his lips tenderly pressed
the bruised shoulder. "
. 1 "It does hurt most- awfully, but I
really think that 'he did riot know I
was here,", answered Muriel," glancing
up through her tearsr -"But," oh, look at
poor Angel."
The chestnut, : lying huddled in the
sand, was truly.' a pitiable sight She
had won out, Indeed, but ."at what a
cost! Her ■ head ■wasVcut and bleeding,
her eyes swollen and closed, . and she
panted- and groaned with pain. ■
"Oh,"do you think she will die, Wil
fred?" asked Muriel.
"No. But you'll "get sunatruck here.
Go back 'to the house, , dear, and get
Mrs. Hill • to batne^your . shoulder. I'll
tend to the mare." And,* Muriel,. I can't
stay at Cowara now.*. I've been repeat
edly offered the management of Murta,
but— I— I could not ,lea.ve until I knew
if you cared. I'm not worthy, I know;
I've such a vile temper — " Muriel shook
her head. "But now— now— you'll let me
come for you when I get straightened
out over there, won't you?"
Again Muriel looked up, and his eyes
drank deep from the radiance of hers.
"And," Angel ?" she whispered.
"Oh, I'll buy her from Hill. He won't
refuse to sell her for the price I'll offer,'
I know."
. Three months later Angel was one of
the leaders in "the four-in-hand behind
which Paton drove his bride to her new
home. It was a new world, through
which they traveled, for the rain had
come and green grass covered the once
arid earth, flowers bloomed on every
side and birds sang in the trees. Arid it
was a n<ry 'Angel, who with "arched
neck led the team, proudly conscious of
the precious burden she carried and of
the 'confidence reposed in her by her
new owner; '.] Vi
(Copyright. 1904, by F. E. Hawson.)
after they have been married awhile they find their minds
are total strangers."
"But how would you remedy It?" some one inquired.
"I can't remedy it — and I wouldn't. It would be an inter
ference with natur*.. In the days of old it was thought, and
It is still alive in the minds of smart men, that a good big
part of the human family was born to be damned, and I
reckon It was intended that a certain number of marriages
were Intended to be failures. And marriage is more of a
failure now than ever before, because there are more people
to get married. The more folks the more misery. If a man
and a woman do the best they can and their marriage turns
' out bad it can't be helped. Divorce is a blight on society, it
f is true, but to live with somebody that afn't suited to you ia
at blight on the mind and the heart. We may have a good
many lives to live, of that we can't tell, but we do know of
one, and when that one is ruined, why we are in what the
black bear said to the trap — a — well, you know what sort
of a fix. All the wisdom now known to men might be poured
on marriage and. wouldn't help it much. I know it's
P called high morality to talk against' divorces, and divorces
do show a loose state of affairs, but what's to be done? Two
enemies livin* together ain't likely to have writ in their
hearts, 'God bless our home,' and a home that the Lord
don't ; bless ain't a comfortable seat for society.
"I knew of a high-spirited feller that married a well
strung woman over the hills of Tennessee. And it wan't long
till they fell out. She' called him a liar and he swore that
she never uttered a truth, and that was goin' fur. considerin'
of the fact that she talked a good deal. I think she flung
somethin' at. him, a butcher knife, mebby; and he "Iowa.
'If you were *a man I'd know" how to treat you. I'd chal
lenge you to fight a duel-* 'Well, don't let the fact that I'm
a woman stand in your way,' she spoke up; Tm as good a
shot as you are, and if yo.u want to settle it on that baais.
I'm your man.' So they agreed to fight. They did. She
shot him In the shoulder. He declared that he was satisfied.
i ' and she 'lowed that she 'didn't have nothin* to complain of.
p ;'. .Then she yoked up the steers, hauled him to the house,
nursed him till he got well; and ever afterward they lived
as happy as two doves. It seems to me that one of the rea
sons why there are so many divorces now is that children
have gone out of fashion. Men and women are shlrkin* the
responsibility of a family and that develops a weakness of char
. acter. I- have seen a man burdened with a big family, but I
never saw .one that wa'n't more to be envied than the man that
had no children at all. There ain't in thi3 life nothin* more to be
deplored than a childless old age. I'd ruther be a hungry dop phut
up In a church. More .men have been saved by their children
,than by all the moral lessons ever printed. And women — well, a
'woman that tells you she don't like children and then proves it
by her acts may blaze with beauty and raise more money for the
furrlners than anybody, but in my opinion she ain't as much to
be admired as a dish of sour milk skimmed three times. Last
summer a woman came from town out here, and when I saw her
pullln' of her skirts back every time a child came near I said to
myself that 6he must be powerful neat, but when I saw her kiss a
bull pup I 'lowed to myself I'd ruther it was the "pup than me. j Well,
some things can't be helped. Man started off wrong some time ago
.and has been goln' faster and faster ever since, it seems like. But
an old detective in Chicago told me that his experience proved
to him that: 90 per cent of men were honest. I askod him if his
town wa'n't made up mostly of the other 10 per cent. He didn't
say nothin,* more and I didn't apologize. Yes, we are on the
slant, but youngsters that are toddlin' now will in the years to
' come, when they are walkin* stiff in j'ints,' look back at these,
the good old times Here comes the preacher. Let's go in,
boys." . OPIE READ.
(Copyright. 1904, by Opie Read.)
SThe claim put forward on behalf of a New York physician
for an original treatment of consumption, by nose surgery must
be regarded as concerning the manner of the manipulation
rather, than its. substance. For the operation of reducing the
lower turbinated bone- is fairly common, though he would be a
daring surgeon who would venture. to tamper with it. when its
condition is normal. .*"■ The trouble Is that in the climate of" the
Atlantic seaboard few noses are normal. Constant catarrh closes
. the nasal passages/so that mouth breathing becomes frequent or
.even habitual, and this crippling of the air providing machinery does
Invite consumption. In such cases remarkable cures have been effected
simply by enlarging the nasal cavities — cutting away either degenerate
tissue, if that exists, or a portion of the turbinated bone. The operation is
often undertaken, as in the case of Mr. Depew some years ago, where there 13
no danger whatever of .consumption, for the improvement . of the general
health.' Yet in th* consideration Of no disease 13 the danger of hobby-riding
greater than in consumption. It has no single cause; it has no single remedy.
Nose treatment is a quick, easy and valuable aid in its treatment, but cannot
supersede the function of fresh air and proper, diet under medical direction. —
New York World.' , ' :',\:~
■ -.■'•■ - : - .;, ,-
THE CHAPLAIN'S WIT
By C. B. Lewis
ONE day at the Third, National
Bank in the city of Cornopolis,
a stranger walked through the
president's room and past; the
• bookkeeper's and took from the
pile of money, stacked at the paying
teller's right hand four packages of
$10,000 each. He was coolly walking
out again when stopped by the presi
dent and a gun. -
• The man was known to the police as
"Slick Charlie," and to tell of all his
adventures would fill a book. It was
for his attempted theft of the $40,000
that he was sent to the. Woonson Peni
tentiary for five years. The officer who
delivered- him behind the doors of that
institution said to the Warden:
"Here is a main you want to keep an
eye on. Don't lose sight of him day or
night. He is bold and nervy on the
one hand, and slick and sly on the
other. Don't trust him for an hour or
he'll beat the game."
If a prison chaplain were to be ques
tioned about religion in a prison, he
would answer that scores of prisoners
lived* up to it and were earnest and de
vout. If an" experienced Warden were
to be questioned, he would answer that
just when >a prisoner began to ; "get
good" he should be watched the closest.
The chaplain was a man 45 years old,
while No. 870 was only 30. The chap
lain was four .inches the taller, had
stoop shoulders and shambled as he
walked. He also had a peculiar intona
tion. The slick convict gave up his
original idea of digging for liberty to
study the chaplain. * At the end of five
months he was one of the teachers in
the evening school.
It was the habit of the chaplain to
visit the prison every . afternoon from
3 to 5. A part of the time was spent
with prisoners in their cells— men who
were undergoing -light punishment —
and a part in the library, and he al
ways left pretty promptly at 6. In
going out he passed three guards at
locked gates and went through the
Warden's office and out of the main
door. No. 870 had held the position
of librarian for three months, and it
was midwinter.' One afternoon the
chaplain had been visiting in the pris
on and returned to the library at a
quarter of .five. As he entered the
room he received a blow that knocked
him senseless, and when he recovered
his wits half an hour had passed and
he was tied hand and foot and gagged.
It was 6 o'clock before he was released.
In the course of that hour *<o. 870
had done some wonderful things. After
knocking down the chaplain he had
stripped off the latter's outer garments
and clothed himself In them. Then ha
had secured his man with ropes and
locked the door behind him as he
emerged. Shambling down the corridor
to 'the first guard, he had said:
"James. I came away to-day wth
only a dime In my pocket. Can you
loan me a dollar until to-morrow?"
"With the greatest of pleasure, chap
lain," and the money had been handed
over.
The same gam© had been played on
the two other^, and then the "chap
lain" had entered tb$ Warden's office.
He could have passed right through.
as the official was busy, but instead of
that he took a chair and waited for
ten minutes. When the Warden was
at liberty he was asked for a loan of
$10, and the "chaplain" reported to him
on the welfare of three or four different
prisoners before saying good-night.
Fifteen minutes after leaving the prison
the disguised prisoner entered the
largest store in the town and borrowed
$20 of the merchant and then dis
appeared.
When the library door was broken
open at 6 o'clock and the real chaplain
found there was a great commotion.
Three gatemen were ready to swear
that the clergyman had passed out.
taking a dollar from each as he did
so. The Warden had -seen and talked
and loaned money to the same man,
Two guards had also seen him. Here
were six prison officials who could
swear to a thing, and yet that thing
was not a fact. No. 870 had simply
imitated the chaplain down to a line—
his voice, gait, speech and general look.
At 11 o'clock the next rorenoon the
president of the Third National Bank
of Cornopolis was called out of his
room for a moment. During bis ab
sence a man dressed like one of the
clerks in the bank entered the room
and bore away a -package of bond3 of
the face value of $18,000. "Slick Char-
He" wanted to be revenged upon the
bank, and he wanted money with which
to leave the country, and he tarried
in the town to get both. The president
of the bank 'is sure of this because a,
note left on hia desk told him so.
B. Lewis.)
(Copyright. 1904, by C.THE SAN FRANCISCO 'SUNDAY CAIX.WHAT WOMEN
WANT TO KNOW
' *~Y ACH day witnesses sacrifices of
_/ every sort and description
I f and the question is, is it
1 \ ' worth while and are the :e-
V, suits what one would alwa\*s
Wish for?
A country lassie writes me her par
ents are willing to send her here to
school, but that it will be a grr^nt
hardship to them if she accepts their
kindly offer. Her wardrobe is inade
quate and both her father and mother
v.-ill have to sacrifice a good many lux
uries and comforts to fill her trunk I
■with the pretty frills and furbelows
\hat are considered essential for city
life. Knowing all this she asks. 'What
would you do?"
Without thinking a moment one
would be very apt to say "stay at
• home." but which of the two "evils
would inflict the sharper *pain. All
the little comforts would be passed by
cheerfully and ; uncomplainingly and
there would be a certain air of sat
isfaction permeating the ranchhouse.
because "daughter was having city ad
vantages." On the other hand, if
daughter felt the sacrifice too great
and refused to profit by it. the eternal
regret and constant reminders that
fche had not made the most of her op
portunities might be a bug-bear that
would grow until it would soon be too
U:rge to corcfortablv house.
Education is undoubtedly a good
thing, but I think sometimes the
costs are too great and that more mis
vry ai.rt urihappiness are the fruits of
It than anything else. Certainlv it
irould be a mistaken kindness to send
.his girl to school and college and
.then expect her to be content with the
• hur.icrum life of a farm or a small
' village. It simply won't work and I
scarcely see who* could «xpect it to.
Unoe she has lived in a coilc-ge town
and breathed its atmosphere for a
number of years — in short, has lived
tn-.- happy life of a student — she is out
of sympathy with her old surround
ings, and try as hard as she may, can
never fit into her old niche with the
same d«-srp<: of comfort.
it Isn't that she doesn't care exactly,
but the tsout cf tune with "everybody
ar.d everything. What has interested
her for yean is like so much Grtck to
the home folks and she is not !n the
least interested over Brir.dle's r.ew calf
• or the lact that the iirigating water Is
getting low. So gradually it dawns on
the dear o!d dad that all his efforts
have been in vain: that his many sac
rifices have counted for wc-rse than
naught. Instead of making his pet
daughter happier and a scurce of pride
to himself, he has only succeeded in
orecting a barrier between them and in
converting contentment into the very
essence of woes.
So when edupatic-n 5s bought at such
a price as that, does it really pay? It's
a woeful position to be between two
fires and not know which way to turn.
Nine and ninety times it's back to the
• farm and the other one a career of
some kind or a happy marriage. In
cither event the alienation takes place,
but the one is the kind that makes all
worth while.
It isn't so much the sacrifices that
count as it is the after results. Nearly
every father and mother give up some
trifle daily and do it without a second's
thought. In fact, it is rather a habit
they have fallen into and they never
etop to wonder whether it is appreci
ated or rot.
Where is the mother who would not
eit up half the night sewing on a gown
that her daughter might appear at her
best at a reception the next day? And
If the exchequer is loo low to permit
new material and the old is too far
gone to reconstruct, she heaves a tiny
-Gigh of regret and marches to the old
fashioned chest and brings forth some
r.i her cherished wedding finery. As
the handles the lavender-scented fabric
the smiles wistfully now and then as
the past is recalled, but she sews
bravely en. and even puts the last lin
gering touches and pats to It as she
rteps aside and watches her daughter
trip away with a light "thank you,
mother." or a careless nod. that is
meant to convey a little of everything
and not much of anything.
Is that sacrifice appreciated? Not
very often, I am sorr>; to say. Rather
It Is taken quite as a matter of course
and as nothing more than her natural
due. "What on earth does mother
want to hoard all her pretty things
lor? She Is too old to need them any
more. and. besides, she never goes any
place."
That may be true, but the reason of
her sticking at home like a burr Is
never inquired into, excepting once In
an age, when her presence is needed or
particularly desired. "You never have
anything to wear. Why don't you get
a decent coat and cover your gown?"
And the plaintive answer that "you
needed a new dress for the Smith-Jones
tall" brings forth nothing more re-
EponsU'e than a disjointed series of
Ribbons, shoes, hats, in short, any
thing Is promptly and readily unearth
ed and passed over to the dictatorial
one when she is putting on her war
paint and preparing to go to battle with
all her sails set. £he may have been
told a 'dozen and one times that her
•gloves needed cleaning." or that her
"petticoat had a torn bit of lace." but
!n the mad rush to have a (rood time
the trusted to luck that somebody
would do it for her, and besides there
was always the opportunity of bor
rowing.
Does mother ever refuse to aid the
cause? Instead of standing ud and de
claring that thje had wasted her breath
giving warning and that Mary Ann
could go without, she brines forth her
own spotless gloves or freshly laun
. dered skirt And finds to her dismay
a couple of days later on that she is
destitute of nearly everything, and un
less* she lives near town she is obliged
to stay at home and twist her thumbs
the live-Ion? af terroon. instead of find
ing out how other mothers manasre
their daughters.
Even "daddy" is a victim. He suc-
cumbs to her pretij >-.les and promlso
fondly and loelish'.y, and then luuks
about for a way to keep his word. .He
"guesses his office suit will last a
month longer if sent to the tailor to be
thoroughly pressed." or he reasons out
with himself "that the duck trio will
be cold and disagreeable and not much
fun, anyhow." By giving up a looked
for pleasure the day has been won. and
Miladi has a new fur. gives a theater
party or trails about in yards of shim
mering loveliness and looks the uer
ponineation of all the graces and vir
tues combined.
Now and then she Is really ignorant
of these little tricks of her people and
would feel her.rt:ly ashamed of herself
for her supreme selfishness, and when
such is the case you may rest assured
that the sacrifica has town a pleasure
and the satisfaction of seeing the
daughter of the house take her place
In the world, radiant and happy, is
more than enough compensation.
Of the many sacrifices that occur
daily I doubt if time and labor are not
the least considered. There must al
ways be one elegant lady of leisure in
every household, end, or course, it is
easy to guess who" it is. "I don't mind
doing the dishes this evening as long
as you are going out." is cheerfully
announced as the mater years a tray
kitchenward. "You go along . and
dress." The next day John Brown Is
expected to call just after lunch and
it would never do for him to discover
that his dainty Dresden china ideal
was nothing more or less than the maid
of all work. So again the dishes fall
to mother, and she Is even requested to
"put a few flowers in the living-room
if you have time."
Later on the house is filled with
young people, who chatter, sing, play
the piano, dance, in fact, do every
thing they can think of to make a
noise and keep the rest of the house
hold awake, and In the midst of it,
mother la requested to sneak softly
down the back stairs, make chocolate,
prepare a tray and make herself quite
as useful and as helpful as . is pos-,
sible. "Don't let anybody see you,"
she is instructed, "for that old dress
is a perfect fright."
These are all daily occurrences and
furthermore happen in many house
holds, yet are not looked upon as sac
rifices of any eort. "Dad" is a' crank
if he Insists on quiet because he -has
developed a case of nerves from.get
ting along on forty winks for months
at a stretch, and "Ma"' Is another be
cause she refuses to have three or
four In to dinner every other night In
the week. "It's a little extra work, but
then we have to eat any way. so
where's the harm?".
Giving up for others is a continual
process, and " whether* - It 'is worth
while depends wholly upon Individual
cases. It is no*t the actual sacrifice
that counts half as much as the spirit
in which it is received. If an education
is offered and one feels one can accept
it and be the better for it later on, or
that one can make the lives of others
happier by it. then I say take it by all
means, for after all happiness and con
tentment are what count more than all
else, but. If on the other hand, there' is
the shadow of a doubt lurking in one's
brain, then that sacrifice Is a mighty
good thing to reject and to let strictly
alone. . "•-..• -~
People are too prone to nod the head
in a . careless fashion and mean it to
convey tho thanks that they really
feel. They are afraid they will be called
"hot'air artists" and in their effort' to
steer clear of this calamity go to. tho
other extreme, v When one is sincerely
grateful, it' Is infinitely better to say s'cr
than to take it for granted that it is al
ready known, and even at the risk of
being, called -effusive I think It better
to express one's pleasure and, thanks
than it is to sit like a bump on a log
and to be defeervedly called blase and
ungrateful. .,-:>;■'.
Answers to
Corespond ents
C. E. D. (Extra Gifts). — There
are . many times when one ■ wishes ever
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
so much for a dainty trifle to hand out
to some forgotten friend,. and it is not
a 'bid scheme to always keep one or
two trifles on hand In ca6e of an emer
gency. Besides this, I know of. a. girl
who .has what she call3 her "useless"
gifts, and whenever she needs anything
badly .. she' - promptly flies, to: that
drawer. Don't mistake me by suppos
ing these articles to be valueless, but
they are what she" calis valueless to
her.. For instance, one admiring friend
gave her a pretty, pink- hair ornament,
but alas and alack, it fought most ter
ribly because .'her. own. half chanced to
be. a beautiful -Ted., In.giving.it away
she felt she had accomplished a good
thing, for It worried her every time she
opened* the drawer and saw the dainty
pink." • ._i'i ,
'In, that 'selfsame drawer she puts
articles that are a misfit. For instance,
dainty bed' shoes .with fairy- soles that
would fit but one mortal in a. hundred,
and neckwear .. that . is , too : elaborate or
too gaudy; to be admired. Yet all these
things come In ' at nome time ■ or other,
and; furthermore/ are just -the; very
thing needed. .~- So,, try this girl's plan
and see if it does not .work out for you
as well. You may . rest assured that
there will ; always be people' who select
and '.send' gifts without ■ giving;: them a
second's thought. For instance; a trav
eling outfit is scarcely appropriated for
a stay-at-home, nor bcoks ; for a;perscn'
that was never known to readJ. T . ■
> D. LH . (Waists).— Pretty ;' ; vraists ) are
made of -tffln; fabrics,, such- as lace, net-
ting or a dainty silk mull. If you wan;
a waist colored, say a pink, for in
stance, I am afraid you ca^mut buy the
trimming to match exactly, unless you
are willing to pay a fortune, but you
can have it dyed exactly and no one
will ever know the difference. Yokes,
both square and roucd, are pretty, but
the newest are square. However, if
yGu find It too hard, try appointed one,'
as it. is more "becoming to many. A
pretty flounce, trimmed with lace and
insertion, and a soft blouse effect, .may
hot be the latest fashion, but Jt Is by
far the prettiest, and. after all. that is
what. counts more than anything else.
, CORNELIA .(Recipes). — Fruit salad
is.madKln a variety. of ways, but this
recipe is particularly good and well
worth, trying:. Put half^a" dozc-n
oranges., three bananas and one-half
a pine apple. Slice in small.pfeces as
nearlv the same size as Is possible,* and
sprinkle generously. with powdered su
gar. '.Then add 'a cupful of malaga
grapes halved, and a quart cup of
candied cherries. Mlxjwith, a cupful
of - rich" 'cream and serve on crisp ' let
tuce leaves. . 'Your, dressing -for fowl
is-a very simple one and In return
I'll' give you the "dressing :. for gee e
that you wanted.. 'Take two chopped
onions, 'two cups of 'mashed potatoes,
one"- cup of. 'breed crumbs, salt, pep
per and powdered sage, to taste. : .':' .'.
PERRY. (Dressing).— I Just gave, a
recipe, for dressing, but ; here ; is - an
other that- ts' good . with : turkey. -■', The
old-fashioned bread and butter stuf
fing is always good, but I take it for
granted you know, it.. Use one pint
MAKING OVER FURS
FURS are a bit of a problem for a
woman who wants to dres3 well
on a moderate sum of money.
They are expensive to begln
wilh and vary In style almost as often
as frocks and hats do. There 1» a new
cut In sleeves every winter, a different
length, a* variation in collar and some
novalty in lining. Furs used to be a
real comfort. *You packed them away
with" blankets and curtains and borax
powder to 'outwit the moths and all
you bad to' do , In' the fall. was to
shako, them, hans them out to air
and then be comfortable.
But • nowadays women begin > in.
August to wonder how they can set
their furs up to date without bank
rupting the family exchequer. For
furriers are as heartless as plumbers
and almost as essential to' happiness.
Of course this fall's furs differ a good
deal from last season's, but here Ij a
word of comfort: they "suggest all
sorts of practical schemes for the ar
tistic remodeling of old garments.
Almost all furs are trimmed or made
up with other furs. Ermine is com
bined with almost everything but
seal, deer and baby calf skin: chin
chilla combines with seal nicely, espe
cially the Russrian chinchilla, which,
has a brownish coat. ■_ It is also used
with deer and mink, with Persian
lamb and fine dogskin. Usually the
light fur is the trimming, but squirrel.'
beaver, tibet and mole skin* are air
very smart trimmed wjth Iamb or
with' monkey skin. When 'furs
are not - combined any fur may
be trimmed with suede leather, or for
dressy occasions . with embroidery.
This use of leather is nsw and you
have no «idea what a smart touch it
gives an old coat put over collar, cuffs
or v set in a double-breasted tailor vest.
It comes In all the dull ' vegetablu
dyes, in hunting green, golf red, ma
hogany, bluet blue, navy blue and
every conceivable shade of" browni
light and' dark. Sometimes it is em
broidered With outline work in gold
thread or silk.
The embroideries most in. vogue for
fur trimmings are straps from old
ChlnesV sifk petticoats." t? be found. In
•any- Chinese shore bands from Persian*
towels." strips of Russian' or Hungarian
peasant w-ork and all ;; the , rich^ Turk -
ish,- - India / and Japanese hand em-
of dry bread crumbs, one pint of
chestnuts, boiled and chopped fine, a
good sized lump of butter, one tea
spoonful of grated onion, salt and
pepper and a large tablespoonful of
sage and four teaspoonfula of parsley
chopped very fine.
EVA (Eyebrows). — No matter how
obstinate your brows are you can
train them so they will lie close and
smooth to the skin. Get a tiny brush
and train them every day and in a
short time you will be able to see a
great Improvement. When the hair
falls out U3» the following ointment;
Rsd vaseline, ounces 2
Tincture cantharldes, ounces. 1
Jamaica rum, ounce 1
Oil rosemary, drops 5
Mix all thoroughly: apply twice
daily* with the eye brush.
A little glycerin, and rose water
will give the delicate line emphasis
and brilliancy, and when the brows
are healthy again you will find it all
that is necessary to keep them in
splendid condition.
ANNA (Paste).— Use. this paste In
preference to any soap. Unfortunately,
you will have to make it yourself, as it
is not on the American market. At
least, not to my knowledge:
Strained honey 59 grammes
White soap, shaved in
thin strips (a pure cas
tiJe) " 40 grammes
Tincture of benzoin 10 grammes
White wax 30 grammes
Borax 10 grammes
Melt the soap, honey and white and
mix, then -add the berroin and borax.
Us? Instead of soan to wa«h the fac«
before retiring. A cold cream cr a cu
eambjcr cream should be applied after
the face has been thoroughly dried.
If you" find that your skin is oily
use this simple mixture. By the way.
It is an excellent lotion to keep on hand
during the summer months when one's
face is eo apt to shine like a nlgger'a
•heel.' •
v MILK VINEGAP..
Alcohol ;...33 grammes
Tincture btnzcin CO grammes
• Strons white vinegar. ..JO grammes
Mix and let stand for a week, and
then pass through filtering p^per.
MARY F. (Cork so!es).— I do not
think any boots are made to withstand
the elements unle3s they are of rub
ber. I have tried all of them -trying to
escape the uncomfortable rubber, but
I always managed to go home with
wet feet and a bad temper. Why not
try the rubber bcots for very rainy
weather? They are made in small sizes
and are very comfortable and there Is
always a delicious feeling that puddles
are put in front of you for the sole
purpose of wading through; just as you
did when a youngster.
broideries. "I lie colors are selected to
match the rotor scheme of fur and lin
ing as c!os")y as possible. It would
be very ea«y for a clover pirt to imi
tate Russian or Japanese embroidery
and make her o.vn trimming just to
match her coat. Thcrc^Ta ore bit of
good fortune in this season's furs.
They are fafhionable all lengths ami
buth loos? and tisht fluinc. You are
In style whether your coat Is a reefer,
blouse or basque, and your sleeves
may ha\c a. fullness at the shoulder or
a tritie at the elbow; End the stale ef
fect of last winter la quite gone out.
.Nearly all couta. plain us well as
fancy, have U;ht linings this fall —
citin .brocade, <iaina?»r> and broche sillc
and plain Hcht twilled taffeta. As this
vas somewhat the vogue last year.
many women will unpack their furs
this fall with a sense of dismay over
the toiled conditions cf their pretty
coat linings. Uut there la no need to
worry, for a rolled lining that is still
in good condition otherwise can be
made as good as new by the right
sort of home cleaning. Linings for
fur coats are fitted in after. the coat Is
quite' finished, and may be removed
without any. ripping beyond the actual
tacking that holds them in. Once out.
shake and brush with a velvet whisk;
thsn regularly wash in a lukewarm
suds of castlle soap and borax — two
teaspoonfula of borax and a handful
cf soap shavings to a bowl of water—
and let drip in the wind. When al
most dry roll over a curtain pole, pull
taut and pin; stand near the fire. Un
roll thr, next morning and you will
find, to all Intents and purposes, a new
coat lining. If the lining is in a pale
tint soak in cold borax water— two tea
spoonfuls, to a basin of water— for half
an hour before washing. It Is not im
possible for the amateur dressmaker to
do over her own furs, with a hint or
two «bout the* work. Vse always a
seamless pattern. Place it on the
leather side, tack with pins, then cut
without any seam allowance, using a
sharp penknlf?. The seams are over
handed with fine stitches. It is wise
to first cut a cambric pattern, see that
it fits perfectly and make a stiff paper
pattern from that, as any wrong
cutting In fur work 13 serious. In piec-
Irgr make sure that the nap of th« fur
runs in the same direction and that
your 'colors are what furriers call
"doss.',! . r /lThese Are
Winners
in the Puzzle
Contest
December 11.
THESE are the names of the
lucky 150 prize winners in the
puzzle contest of December 11.
the Barnes of animals seen at
the zoo:
Cecil Cunningham, San Jose; May
Townsend. 1807 West street, Oakland;
J. Jenkins. San Anselmo; Edith von
Rhein. 2937 Sacramento street, San
Francisco; Willie Matthews, Sacra
mento; Ella Browning, 1517 Sherman
street, Alameda; Dewey Eppley, Sta
tion 5, East Oakland; Lillian Sidney,
1910 Alameda avenue, Alameda;
Ralph Watson, 25 Baker street, San
Francisco; Loraine Williams, 1016
Bjjsh etreet, San Francisco; Harry
Asher. 524 Post street, San Francisco;
• nose King:, Alameda; Janett Hansen,
€ Chattanooga street, San Francisco;
. Eugene O'Meara, 24 Hoff avenue, San
Francisco; Rob Brown, 875 Church
street, San Francisco; J. Greenleaf.
Petaluma; Vera Low, Agnew; Maud
•Gillette, San Jose; Roy Bridgman.
San Jose; Raymond Higglns, 533
Shotwell street, San Francisco;
. Charles Frost, 1062 Tenth street,
Oakland; Marcelle Merkel, 2256 Mis
sion street, San Francisco; Arthur
Prosser, Martinez; Wesley Bransford,
•6719 California street. San Francisco;
Willie Asher, 524 Post street, San
Francisco; James Toomey, 570 Linden
*venue, San Francisco; Xeal McGetti
ean. 823 Fell street, San Francisco:
Carlie Thompson, 1876 Fifteenth
street, San Francisco; Johnnie
O'Meara. 24 Hoff avenue, San Fran
cisco ;s Helen Travis, 1165 Valencia
street, San Francisco; Edward
. Schulte. Alameda; Stanley Knowles,
"110 Geary street, San Francisco;
Louise Young, 2105 D-sh street, San
Francisco; Claude Seffier, 400 Shra
der street. San Francisco; Minnie Mil
ler, 1025 Greenwich street, San Fran
cisco; Eleonor McClatchy, Sacramen
*b; Fred Prescott. 1627 Sherman street,
Alameda: G. A. Huntington, Sacra
mento; Will dympson. Pacific Grove;
Philip Conley, Madera; Ed- Smith. 1280
-California street, San Francisco; Ruth
Tuckis, 260 Fifth street, Oakland;
Kalph Brown, 875 Church street, San
Francisco; Clarence Martin, Santa Cruz;
Elmer Hansen, 6 Chattanooga street,
San Francisco; E. Winckelmann, 312 J
•Twenty-flrst street, San Francisco; Va
die Rudolph, 1575 Jackson street, San
Francisco; Delbert Crosby, Sacramento;
Frank Outran, 3122 Washington street.
San Francisco; Ruth Wilson, 1467
Franklin street, San Francisco; Annie
Asher, 524 Post street, San Francisco;
"William Smith, Petaluma; P.onnle Me-
Kinnon. San" Mat eo; Clyde Morrison,
3017 Minna street, San Francisco; Er
win Morrison. Tracy; Evelyn Goddard,
Healdsburg; Joseph Rooney, Oakley;
' Hetty Burkhalter. McCloud; Buel Eg
bert, Rio Vista; Olema McLeod, Falr
lield; Helen Pardee, Sacramento; Clar
ence Dorman, Sacramento; Georgie
- Co-ok. Sacramento; Leonora Clark,' Ar
royo Graade; Jackie Sullivan, 3086
Txventy-second street. San Francisco;
Edith Bell, 370 Sanchez street, San
Francisco; Kate Ibos, £01 Geary street.
San Francisco; Evalyn 'Wagener, 2011
Green street, San Francisco; Rose
Sagehorn. SC6 Castro street. Oakland;
Gladys Kahn, 2017 Pine street, San
Francisco; Edwin Booth, 1757 Post
street. San Francisco; George Leek, 997
rteine-r street. San Francisco; Bernice
Dailey. 150C Franklin street. San Fran
cisco: Ellive Byers, 119A Bartlett street,
San Francisco; If. Muhr, S67 Broadway.
Oakland: Viola Rogers, Dimond; Amos
Allen. 117 Austin avenue. San Francis
co; Sophie Seymore, Santa Rosa; Ray
Macdor.ald. 1104 Treat avenue, San
Francisco; Miriam Humphry. Carson
City, Ncv.; Herbert JGibsen. San Ma
teo; Hazel Gibson, 2*0 Cypress street,
Alameda: Fred Musso. San Jose; H. Ab
bott. 1143 Geary street. Ban Francisco;
| Arthur McKay. 1201 Treat avenue, San
Francisco; Eva Contell, Sacramento;
Percy Lonj. C19 Valencia street, San
Francisco: Earle Coleman, Berkeley;
JEdward Younger, Sacramento; Charles
Robinson. 825 Ashbury street, San Fran-
I lisco; Irrne Lloyd, 2515 Sutter street,
San Francisco; Florence Stanton, Val
lejo; Gusrie KaskeU, 1220 Mason street,
San Francisco; Orra Hyde. Gaston;
Isabel Eank*n, S775 Twenty-fifth street,
San Francisco; Horace Kelley, Golden
West Hotel, San Francisco; Mamie Bur
leigh. Cotati; Elmer McEvoy. 1065
Broadway. San Francisco; Evelyn Hig
glns. 5S3 Shotwell street, San. Francis
co; Melvin Boyle. 811 Greenwich street,
San Francisco; Bert Hanson, 210 Fair
Oaks Etreet, San Francisco; Lloyd Cuy-
Ier. S235 California street. South Berke
ley; Irene Slevln, 10S6 Treat avenue,
San Francisco; Doris Boldt, 1323 Ninth
avenue. San Francisco; Ruth Anderson,
1€25 Eddy street, San Francisco; Ella
Reynolds, San Rafael; Louisette Au
bert, 123* O'FaiTell street, San Fran
cisco; Juanlta \ Schllle, ~ Sacramento;
Inez Downing, 1523 Market street, Oak
land; Frank UulTaker, Fniitvale; Mil
dred Payot, '.06 Clayton street, San
Francisco: Fern Hurlbut, Alameda;
Charlie Attwood, 2Z12 McAllister street,
San Francisco; Bernardlne Bruk Corn
ing: Harry Robinson, 2943 Pine street,
San Francisco; Marion Tobln, 73 Car
melita street, San Francisco; Arthur
Poulin, 526. Harrison street, San Fran
cisco; Dorothy Van Haltren, 557 Twen
ty-fifth street, Oakland; Watson Seley,
1018 Montgomery street, San'Francisco;
Evelyn Rossettt, 2236 Mission street,
San Francisco; Phtljp Dexter, Alameda;
Antone Jenson, Palo Alto; Martha Huf
faker, Allendale; Lloyd Anderson, 1625
Eddy street. San Francisco ;. Vera Banks,
1HB Franklin street, San , Francisco;
Arthur Perry, 318 Eleventh street,
San Francisco; Jack dishing, Mar
tinez; Ruth Erwln 2485 Telegraph
.«»xme^_Bfirifiiej'; NelUe — StowaxL
NAME
PUZZLES
2670 McAllister street,- San Francisco;
V. Brown, 881 Milton street, Oakland;
Mildred Curtis, 918; Ellis-street, San
Francisco; Doris Seeber.'ValleJo; Lil
lian Seymour, 736 Washington .street.
Santa : Rosa; Helen Jonas, 524 Ellis
street, San Francisco; Charlie Water
bury, 69 Chattanooga street, V San
Francisco; 'Henry Frlcks, 1167 McAl
lister street, San Francisco; • B.', Tesch,
2405 Clement street,'- San. Francisco:
Marie Jensen, Palo • Alto; t f Martha
Sauer, ..3879 Seventeenth : street, . San
Franciscoj I . Helen^ r AjmstCpng.V Palp
Alto; Emily Bowlan, U007- McAllister
street, San 'Francisco ; W. : A. ? Robinson,"
825; Ashbury,;' street, j San •• Francisco ; '
Edwin vSchroeder, i' Alameda;:*: Beverly
Allen. Lincoln ; s Elwin '.Purrington, 466
Frederick ; : street, ; • San- • Francisco;
Ethel Nelson, 217; Twenty-ninth- street,
San Francisco ; " ; Sophie ; Gilbert,^ 3875
Seventeenth : street, - San ' : Francisco;
Hazel Blake,', 673 s Fourteenth * street/
East Oakland; ;, Mildred Smith; :. 87 9
Eddy, streets Sari ; Francisco ;; Rose' Sey
more, 736 : .Washington? street,". Santa
Rosa, ': ':.■■'■ -, "•- ■■•-■
THE ' •: SAN^ERANCISGO SUNDAY rCALE.
EASY PUZZLES THIS WEEK
.^,^ :: £ '^Tlie/PiialcfEdltor.\\yl8hcs..'you nil n merry Christmas and is very much "afraid that you have been
treated so ; very; liberally by Santa -Clans" that you won't' nave much time to devote to 'puzzles.
. *V -.;' /However,', here ,- Is another chance'at'thc new list of books". They are .very.: beautiful little books and
.will be an N ornn/fnent/to ariyjparlor /table. -There .' arc -.represented -here the names. of eight of the great names
jb^Uteraturc. ,". Th^ really great; writers* of the world. All aro
dead, bythe' way. There is only brio' on, which .the Puzzle Editor 'will enlighten you < and that is "Hood." for
many - of don't : know' thatUh'at bit 'of headgear ,ls called a* hood. •'*-'.
:■■ : - Here are' some < particular, points ?- to bear in mind. ALWAYS IBE ABSOLUTELY CERTAIN" THAT
: YOU GIVE .YOUR "addBESS . COHRECTLY AND LEGIBLY,' for several- dozen books have been returned
becaui^ ( of- incbrrerti addresses. ' So 'if your name was published. and you did not-recelve a book please
uritettb^tiie^P^le EditorV{:" ; /■• . ■■ . '.-- " ; - ■ ■ :- : : : '^ ■'-/''] '.;;■"':•, ■' - £v'.
" : -. \' REMEMijER'.TIIE RJWJESCONCERXING. PICTURES. .Don't -send in untoried proofs .or stamp
. photos, unices the>' are very. plain, i Tliose whb: work hard' but'- aro so unlucky as/to- just miss may get their
•. picture in as a reward for , trying. .' .Pictures ; never.- appear \ at the : same .time with the names.
- THERE "ARE what" you must do to^win one or
! them: ;..",'■.-";■ '/ ' : -':' /.'■"••- ".'■'>'■-. ; ;'-^"';r; •- ' : '--/ '; ■■■■■^".. "V- -rry:^ ' "V '-■ ■--;.'_■■
.; Find Tthe names 'of er^atwrlttTS on this pageand write, them out in. the space, opposite the proper eor
respondlna .numbers'; provided 'for .'the purpose in : tlie- cbiinon ori;thls,pac:e..as per" directions; fill In the cou
•pon.wjth «"your nanicand . address' and j* give 'the -prize ; ybif^ desire-— if ; you win—- and send the coupon to tne
"'EDreou.'op/TliE^NAaiE j^PUZZLE] PAGE," Sunday^ Call,;^San)Francisco; r Cal.'
j.'.'V* :REaiEMBER^To^ the t FIRST "6S*E HUNDRED 'AND' FIFTY, BOYS : AND GIRLS who solve: the eight
i puzzles \ccrrectljv one ? of ;* these " : 0|XE - HUNDRED/ AND ( FIFTY ; BEAUTIPUIi*. PIUZES will ; be awarded.
"'■x • ' • : And -don't forget this next ■ point) .because it' is, very; Important: ;AL"L; ANSWERS 3IUST REACH THIS
OFFICE! BY <FJUD AY,' NOON. '■H^^l^^AS^l 1 ?!?^^™!^®^? 1 !?* 111 *^; 011 ' equal , cliance " to compete.- Read every-
Vthing;6n'thls page, ;*tb be sure that.youTbvcrlobkTriothingfthatiVvill 'help 'you' to winVa- prized
f ; \';THE VNASEES OF / THE : LUCKY WINNERS VWILL BE % PUBLISHED IN THE . S UNDAY CALL TWO
•vWEEKS?FlB^M{T<^^Y,■•Jahua^y;8^■"^^:^■ t'S-'V/\ '';'■=■'■ 'v ;; - • \ : - ■-■'',''-■■ ~.' : \ "
■JThese Tare the ';TEN'BEAUTIl'UL;BOpKS7TOm;which'-you'inay, choose if you*solve all the puzzles cor-.
tvoc^^/-K^-i-}^i : :7^yM^^ ■''■ ■'' ■■.';*'.' 7 ;-' ;; .. -;.■■•.•' , : ■:■'■ . '■*■ : ''
t". ; :■* -::Hollyberries from Dickens;tR^^ from Teriny
..sbn;.DalsiesrfiFom'Stevenso'nj]Pearls:fTOm Gems from Whit
,ctiOT^Gems*froiM-Lbwell;^Genis frbni) Emerson/ .,-!",,' . ..".,. -V " .. -,- v
Solve the Puzzles,
Fill Out the Coupon
and Send It to
the Puzzle Editor,
Sunday Call, S. F.
To Puzzle Editor. Sunday Can.
San Francisco:
Below in their proper num-
bers please find my solution. of
the names of great writers In
this week's puzzles:
2
S «
«.~..»vr —
8.. ...-t* ••.........•*-.»'•>
• ,.^ ## .»
-
7.-*..... ••«•«*«•••«•«.« » « . ~. B j '
s ]
:
December 25, 100-1. \
.. '
>ame •••••••••••......•«.«-«-«• *
j
Street or P. O ••• — •»«« ;
«ty iv.^rU^. i
- 11 ' \ '* •■■■■' m 4
IX I ' win , I ; choose far ' pztis ■ j
• " i
(See List of Prizes.) \no_textno_textno_textno_textPages 17 to 24
GREAT HOPES OF DUCHESS D'AOSTA ARE DISPELLED
BY BIRTH OF A SON TO THE KING OF ITALY.
WARRIOR AND BANDIT
FOR HUNDRED YEARS
SERVIAN METMUSELflH'S' LIFE
Lives at Ease on What He Has Been Able
to Save From His Plunderings.
BELGRADE, Dec. 24.— Besides being
one of the oldest men in the world.
Ftojan Ziklts-Gyurgytis, the Servian
Methuselah, who has just celebrated" his
one hundred and seventeenth birthday,
has had an extraordinary career. Most
of his life has been spent in fighting
against the Turks. For many years,
however, he was a bandit, and he now*
rejoices that by combining thrift with
robbery he saved enough from his
plunderings to live in ease for the rest
cf his> days. When asked, recently, if
he was not tired of life this venerable
and impenitent sinner replied: "As long
as I am able to drink my portion of
roky (whisky) and wine I shall be only
too glad to be on this side of the world."
Stojan was only seventeen when he
first took up arms against the Turks.
That was a hundred years ago when
the grandfather of "Black Peter," the
present Servian King, proclaimed a
revolution against them. Joining' the
revolutionists, Stojan fought In several
battles until a saber wound nearly
cost him his life. He paid back that
score with interest a hundredfold.
On his recoverv, by the most sacred
of Servian oaths, he swore a vendetta
against the Turks. Returning to his
home he organized a band of haj
duks (robbers) and ravaged and pil
laged several Turkish villages, putting
the Inhabitants to death, for it is part
of his creed that the only good Turk
is a dead Turk.
HOSTILE TO THE TURKS.
Still, to give the picturesque ruffian
his due, he always preferred legitimate
warfare against the Turks to fighting
them on his own account. In 1823 he
found a chance when»»he Greeks were
struggling for independence, and Join
ing a band of Janitsars. under the lead
ership of the famous Saip Bey, he
greatly distinguished himself. He re
mained in Greece for some time, after it
had been proclaimed a kingdom, but
the Turks had put a big price on his
head and they managed to get hold of
him. His captors wanted to make an
object lesson of him and decided to
postpone executing him until the thing
could be done in style before a big
crowd.
Agile as a mountain goat and as
cunning as a fox, Stojan slipped
through their fingers* and fled to Bel
grade. There he met the future Prince,
Milosh Obrenovits. and tried to get him
to start another revolution against
Turkey. A year later he went to SL
Petersburg and was received by ; the
Czar Alexander II, to whom he present
ed a memorial depicting the woeful
condition of the Servians and begging
the Czar to intervene in their behalf
against their "hated oppressors.
The Czar was not ready to play that
sort of same Just then, and, returning
io Servia, Stojan turned bandit again.
I3y preference he always chose Turks
for his victims, but he would not fly
in the face of providence by neglecting
any opportunity that offered to make
a pood haul elscv. here. He had several
hair-breadth oscapes. but always man
aged to a\*oid capture, being assisted
by the peasantry, who regarded his oc
cupation as a* legitimate and eminently
respectable one.
Us was SO years of aje, when, in 1876,
the Serbo-Turkish war broke out, but
he.. was. not too old to. take' part in it.
The Servian commander, General Uzum
Mirkovits, sent him on a special mis
sion vto ascertain the.- strength of the
Turkish forces and he succeeded .in ob
taining the needed information. At the
conclusion of the war he retired from
the bandit business and settled down at
Nish to enjoy the rewards of his preda
tory industry and untroubled by any
conscientious scruples concerning his
past life.
His appetite is still good, . his teeth
sound and his eyesight clear. His mem
ory is excellent, and he vividly recalls
six good chances that he missed to kill
that number of Turks. If he had his
life to live over again he is sure, he
says, there would be-no such failures
to reproach himself with in his old age.
He was ( twice married . and has three
daughters living— the oldest 80 and'the
youngest 40. .
AMERICANS GIVE AID
TO THE ENGLISH POOR
Young Mrs. Bradley Mam in Responds
Liberally to the Charitable
. %'jlf£%: Appeals. .. ; t ,
LONDON, Dec. 24.— Following the ex
ample of Lady Craven, : young Mrs.
Bradley Martin has already commenced
to take an active Interest in charitable
institutions that devote their efforts to
the relief of distress among indigent old
people. She has no sympathy with the
EngliBh poorhouse system, by. which
old married couples are separated as
soon as they become chargeable to the
ratepayers. •/•'.*
. It has been the custom in recent years
to solicit subscriptions from wealthy
people to provide some measure of
Christmas cheer for the poor in the
workhouses. Such "luxuries" can be
obtained only through voluntary sup
port, because the Government will not
sanction, any extra expediture that
might involve the general ratepayers.
When Miss Phipps was appealed to
a few weeks ago for 'a subscription to
provide an entertainment at Christmas
for the inmates of one of the' Scotch
poorhouses she quietly; told the collec
tor that she would be always happy to
contribute if there was a guarantee that
husbands and wives were allowed to
share the same. table on Christmas day.
The collector could give no snch guar
antee and had to go away without any
assistance.- •
Mrs. Bradley Martin and Lady.Cra
ven have always responded to such
charitable ; appeals liberally, but . . it
would appear that Mrs.. Bradley Martin
Jr. prefers to support places like Naza
reth Hpuse," where old married couples
are allowed to • enjoy ; each other's so
ciety within stipulated' hours. She will
not be found among those who Indulge
in Indiscriminate almsgrving.
Marlborougli's Poverty Belled.
LONDON, Dec. 21.--Though society
is busy talking; of alleged retrench
ments in the Marlborough household,
the, Duke and Duchess are 'going about
and enjoying all the gayeties with uri
dtmhiished zest.;: '-..... .
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1904.
WOMAN HAS
PUBLISHED
200 NOVELS
Remarkable List
to tne Credit of
Mrs.Meafle. 1
LONDON, Dec. 24.— Mrs. L. T. Meade,
whose new novel, "Love Triumphant,'^
has just been published, is probably the
most prolific of English women writers.
Mrs. Meade has been writing for so
long, and with so much success that
her name must be familiar to American
readers; but they may, not know that
she has published over two hundred
novels.
As the imposing list of her works at
the • British Museum shows, Mrs.
Meade's versatility is almost as strik
ing as her productiveness, for this list
includes stories of domestic interest,
quiet in tone; stories that are frankly
sensational; stories ef religious interest
and stories for. boys and girls. Some of
this author's books, however, have been
written in collaboration — notably with
Robert Eustace— a case in point being
"The Brotherhood of the Seven Kings,"
which attracted so much attention
when published serially in the. Strand
Magazine.
There is much in getting an early
start, which Mrs. Meade certainly did,
her first novel having been published
when she was 17;
She is the child of an Irish clergyman
and pretty nearly anything would have
been more to her parents' liking than
her decision to earn her living by
story-writing. But the girl was deter
mined and at 18 she came to London,
and almost from the start found a
ready market for her wares. Fertile of
imagination, before three ■ years ■ had
passed, she had over a dozen books to
her credit.
She is now married and has three
children, but in spite of domestic duties,
admirably performed, Mrs. Meade keeps
grinding out fiction ; more industriously
and "more successfuly than ever." He;'
"Stories From the Diary of a Doctor,",
written with . Robert Eustace; "The
Sanctuary Club" and "A Race With the
Sun," are famous, on this side of the
water. Even to : day Mrs. Meade thinks
nothing of : turning out 8000 words a
day, most of her matter, however, being
dictated to a secretary.
;, The title of her newbook, "Love
umphant." was suggested by that of
the: picture by the late G.F. Watts. In
JO JTFUL MOTHER AND ONE WHO
SORROWS AT THE BIRTH. OF
ITALIAN HEIR.
private life "L. T. Meade" is Mrs. Toul
min Smith. \--\ ~ : -~^f&ffi$M
WILL SPEND A FORTUNE > j
PREPARING" ENGLISH HOME
James Van Alen to Remodel and Re
furnish Rushton Hall, l Where
He Will ' Reside.
LONDON, Dec. 24.— James Van Alen,
who intends' to become a British sub
ject; is clearing out all; the furniture
that . remained. In; Rushton "Hall, his
newly, acquired mansion" in Northamp
tonshire- - -Second-hand '. furniture deal
ers from London and' Birmingham have
been examining everything, '-', from ' plc
turep: to tapestry, in* the place .during
the last few days. . , " v; ; , ■ ,y
at is generally believed .that the new
occupier ; ywould :•; retain ; some '-. of 'the
best furniture,': but when 'the ; whole" hfd
been catalogued : he ■ gave, an "order^ that
the .'loti.beJclearedVout; He: found ; that
the* furniture^ would hot harmonize with
HER OWN GHILD DISPLACED
BY THE INFANT PRINCE.
Contest for the Throne Results in Bitter
Feud Between Ambitious Mothers.
ROME, Dec. 24.— It is rather-doubt
ful is- the world contains -at- present a
more disappointed and dejected mother
than the Duches d' Aosta, 'whose fondest
hppe^that of seeing her eldest son ac
claimed King of Italy— haV been shat
tered -by, the | birth of an heir to the
present -King. ... . ... ."
When the Duke d'Aosta begged. her to
marry him. nine - years ago, '>* the
Duchoss— then . Princess Helene oVOr
leans—asked only one question. :. That
was, "Will the Prince of Naples ever
marry?" The then Prince of Naples is
the' present King, arid " his cousin,
d'Aodta, stood next in • line ' for the
throne. . . . . '.■' . '."■•• '
"No," replied the latter. ."Victor will
never "marry. He has an. absolute ;ob
tiorrence of the idea, so I shall undoubt
edly be sovereign. He is delicate v and
weak, and I shall outlive himi jAny
way,' if I have a' son, he will sit on -the
throne." So the Princess Helene said
"yes," and her marriage to the Duke
took place soon after.- . - * . .
. BEGINNING" OF.. FEUD. ,
One year later, before any." child v had
blessed the union, the Prince of : Naples
suddenly, fell in love with Princess Hel
ene 6f Montenegro, and,' to • the secret
horror of the d'Aostas,' married her. At
that moment ' the feud began, which has
existed ever since between the 'Duchess
d'Apsta.arid the 'Queen of Italy.. : ■_.-,
j "I have been. deceived," was the,bur
den of ;the Duchess*, plaint, followed by
scathing references ; to ' "peasant V girls
from the mountains," and to ; "delicate
men who must go wife .hunting." fThe
then; Princess of Naples,- with her .sensi
tive soul, was quick to .understand and
resent this attitude, - so war «was ; de
clared. •
< However,' time passed, and .within
three, years of her marriage the Duch
ess had a son, the heir presumptive to
the throne, followed by another,
years later, while the Crown Princess
still remained childless. Hope revived,
and "deception'.', was less talked of, and
"my son the King'; became' the ! Diich-
the - scheme .' of decoration which he
means to introduce, so that -the hall
will -be newly furnished from floor : to
ceilin's. * '•- • •'" . -• ■"•;
'He has expressed ; himself -ready to
spend ' $500,000 on , structural . altera
tions alone, and it is understood in
the neighborhood . that there . will be
hardly anything but the outer,, walls
left? 1 when these -alterations are .com
plete, j He is considering a number . of
estimates and specifications, arid it Is
not anticipated'.' that he -will -be" able to
take up his permanent 1 residence there
for another'six or nine months. S
■An -architect from .New York has
been exploring the mansion for . the
past fortnight and, it is considered most
likely 'that the' alterations will be car
ried out under his direction.' The build
ers ' in the neighborhood . of Kettering,
which' is the nearest -town to the, hall,
are competing keenly . for ,the_ work.
Nuns \ Slain ; . Convent \ Robbed/ '
<- PALERMO, , Dec. 24.— The .three" last
surviving nuns ; of jthe convent/; of > St.
John-'in'Mltello,* a small "village near
Pages 17 to 24
ess* dearest phrase. Five years passing
without, children being born to the
Prince and Princess of -Naples, the lady
'Aosta allowed herself to be more gra
cious, while her eldest son. Prince Ame
deo, was, treated and surrounded with
ceremonial as though direct heir to the
throne, and this without the least effort
to conceal her hopes and desires.
TWO BABY GIRLS BORN.
Simultaneously with the present
Queen's accession to the throne, how
ever,, came the whisper that her Ma
jesty was in a delicate state of health
—a whisper, which later proved to be
true. One can sympathize with the
agony of, the ambitious woman who
thus saw her hopes vanishing. It .was
.indeed a ; tragic . moment for her and
she took it tragically.
", "Is it true?" 'she asked her husband.
,with; face -as white as death.
; "Yes," was the low-voiced reply,
whereupon she fell to the floor as one
dead, and when she revived, some hours
later/ refused -food, crying hopelessly
oven her son,, murmuring in her mad
ness that he was about to.be deprived
of ;, his; rights, and that he should be
king in spite of all if it lay within her
power to compass it. 1 But the expect
ed : baby- proved ' to be a girl. ' -\,: ; *
■"It-is- in answer to my prayers," the
■Duchess whispered, so the cloud lifted
somewhat, to fall again blacker than
ever a year later when another baby
was .expected. This,' too, was a girl,
and in her. Joy the Duchess gave little
heed to the grumblings among the low
er, classes, "who! declared, that she had
cast "the evil, eye on the Queen, who
, would thus never have a son, and, per
haps, that. was tier own conviction, as
.when, for the. third time, the Queen
became delicate, she took little notice
of the ..fact' and -continued happily to
consider her i son " as the . future mon
arch. " !*sV/i
AN HEIR TO -THE THRONE.
' Thus \ a - tiny " baby has plunged one
household into the deepest depths of
gloom, and. : another into heights of Joy
never . before experienced.
A " boy ! ! The news, ! before many hours
Catania, each of -. whom, was more than
70 years of age. ■ were foifnd murdered
me morning this "week and every ar
ticle of value ■ in the convent stolen.
From the position of the bodies it is
surmised the thieves dragged the nun*
all-over the building,, compelling them
to point out tKe hiding places of their
valuables, and 'then strangled them to
death. : [ •/. ', ;•/... \
■ . ■' ->■"* '— — — — ' ■ » ■
MRS. WARD'S NEW; NOVEL
" STARTS A DISCUSSION
Critics Trying .to Trace the Sources
', .- . of "The ' Marrlase of \Vil-~~
. > > -- : , 11am Ashe."
LONDON.- Dec^ 21.— A discussion is
threatened as to the source from which
Mrs.. Hum. phry ■-Ward drew the plot of
her new ■ romance, • ■ '.'The ' Marriage of
"Wlillam ■ Ashe.V" It' was said that the
author of "Lady. Rose's Daughter** was
aided in, producing, that work by the
perusal-of old -French memoirs, and
now. Clementt K.; Shorter says that '■ Mrs.
Ward ! was ' inspired : by • English ; mem-
.had elapsed, rang out all over Italy,
throwing an entire nation into parox
ysms of patriotism and loyalty.
.The patient, dignified Queen smiles
at her little son, and thus becomes as
any other mother.
"Victor, just look at his wee fingers,"
"Victor, he looks like you, dear," "Vic
tor, was there ever such a baby?" and
to crown all and wear the supreme
diadem of womanhood she is nursing
the little atom, a privilege denied her
with the other children.
Prince Humbert (as he Is called) Is
a lusty youngster, who decidedly re
sembles his mother. He first opened
his eyes in a chamber totally and im
maculately white, prepared on. pur
pose for the occasion, and was at onco
pounced upon by those present so that
for a moment his royal mamma was in
danger of neglect. His first act was to
yell at the top of a particular vigor
ous voice, and to decidedly rebel
against the process of dressing.
YOUXG PRINCE'S PROSPECTS.
Prince Humbert, when In the course
of nature he comes to manhood, will-be
one of the most sought after princes of
Europe. He will be heir to the throne
of a prosperous country, will not be
rich, as he has no property in his own
right, but will make up for it by the
wealth of his titles. Among them will
be the high-sounding one of King of
Cyprus, Crete and Jerusalem, but at
present he only has one, Prince of Pied
mont.
Queen Helene is devoted to children. A
story is told of how she could not even
resist little Prince Amedeo, whom she
thought she hated. One day, the then
Princess met the little fellow In a cor
ridor of the Quirinal Palace In his
nurse's arms. She would have avoided
him, but as she passed, with averted
head, he suddenly held out his fat dim
pled arm's, and on the impulse of the
moment she took him from the nurse,
while her eyes filled with tears. The
little boy. then about a year old, laid
his Ups on each of her eyelids, strok
ing her cheeks with his hands. The
Queen gave a sob and giving the child
back to his nurse walked hastily away.
oirs in writing "William Ashe."
This critic declares that all who are
familiar with the complete stcry of
Lord Melbourne and his wife. Lady
Caroline Lamb, Lady Caroline'^ In
fatuation for Byron and her publica
tion of "Glenarvon." will find the whole
thing reseated in Mrs. "Ward's book.
Shorter admits, however, that tlfe story
is altered considerably, the poet "bold,
bad and dangerous to know" of real life
being a fascinating but wicked explorer
In the novel.
Chorus Girl* Go on Strike.
PARIS, Dec. 24. — The strike microbe
seems to be in the air, affecting all
classes. The very latest, as recorded
in a. special from Geneva, is a strike
among chorus girls there.
Angelscy'a Income Raised.
LONDON, Dec. 24.— Owing to the
good results of the Anglesey sales, the
trustees have decided to Increase - the
Marquis' allowance from $10,600 to
$12,500 a year.18
ECHOES FROM THE LODGE ROOM
* Court Seal Rock No. 45, Foresters of
Xm'crica,' has elected the following of
ficers for the ensuing term: H. Van
t»ciken. C. R.; E. Candage, S. C. R ;
tdward J. Coffney, T.; Benjamin John
ton. F. S.; H. J. Willis. R. S.; H. Haley,
S. W.;. F. A. Scove, J. W-; Albert Row
land, S. B.; H. Lange. J. B.; Henry
•Murray. T.; A. K. Happersberger, phy
s'ician: "Charles M. Troppmann, drug
gist; Hans Magcr, lecturer. This court
now has a membership In excess of
four' hundred and Is numerically the
Jjanner court of the State.
Grand Recording Secretary Tropp
mann jiaid an official visit to Court
fcthiller In Stockton recently. He was
accompanied by State Organizer Em
rrick and they were received and wel
comed by a large number of the mem
bers and "by visitors from other courts.
The meeting, which was a pleasant one.
v as followed by a banquet in honor, of
the official visitors. The grand record
ing, secretary delivered an interesting
address calculated to enthuse the mem
bers to work for the organization The
crand recording secretary also visited
Court" Coima officially and he was re
ceived by an enthusiastic lot of For
cFfors. who, after exemplifying their
abjlity to do the work of the order,
were delightfully entertained with an
Instructive and interesting address by
the visiting official. At the close of the
rutting the visitor was the guest of
honor at a banauct.
Grand Financial Secretary John J.
Curdy visited Visalia last week to be
present at a meeting of the court in
that place for the purpose of initiat
ing a large class of strangers. There
Were present representatives from the
courts in Tulare, Porterville a-nd Han
ford.
George Washington Alexander paid
»n official visit to Junior Court Pride
cf the Golden West and delivered an
Instructive address to the young For
mer?. Rudolph Steinman has been
re-elected thief ranger of this court.
Court Marin of Tiburon has ar
ranged for n masquerade ball on the
last night of the year. This court was
p&id an official visit by Grand Junior
Woodward Daniel Teare, who enter
tained the members with a most elo
querit a'ddress on the order and tra
it'rh it y.
Grand Chief Companion Mrs. Tho
fcnan paid .an official visit to Excelsior
Circle recently. The hall was taste
fully decorated and the grand chief
and accompanying grand officers were
received by a flag team and escorted
Snto the hall, where they were re
ceived with honors. There was a good
exemplification of the work of the or
der and at its close an adjournment
t-j the adjoining hall, where a supper
van served and there was a pro-
Piamme of addresses, songs, recita
tions and much merriment. The
grand chief was presented by the
circle y handsome vase as a token of
remembrance of the visit, and then
Airs. M. Levy, the district deputy, was
presented a token of appreciation of
th«- services she has rendered the
Circle. The speakers were the grand
chief, grand sub-chief, Mrs. Tucker,
J.-u-ob Label. Mrs. Harrison, Supreme
Fub-chief Mrs. Atwood, Grand Organ
ln Mrs. Kemp van Ee and many
others. E. Harrison Mas the toast
master and he was a jolly individual
In that position.
The official visit of Grand Chief Mrs.
TThoman and Miss Agnes Bremer, G. F.
*».. to Farragut Circle. Vallejo, was a
pleasant, one. The work of the order
vas exemplified by the Initiation of
t*o strangers.
James G. Blaine Circle has pre
sented handsome badges of the rank of
psst- chief companion to Ida Cordy
Louise Label and Maggie McDowell."
On the occasion of the official visit of
Mrs. Thoman. G. C. C, to Mizpah Cir
cle. C. F. of A., she was accompanied
by Supreme Sub Chief Companion Mrs.
Atwood. Grand Right Guide Mrs. Cal
laghan. Grand Trustee Mrs. Baston,
Deputy Grand Chief Companion Mrs.'
Wishman and members of Golden Era
James G. Blaine. Excelsior and Pride of
the Forest Circles. During the evening
LenaJarvis. on behalf of the visited
circle, presented a beautiful crystal
berry bowl to the grand chief, a hand
somely painted plate was presented to
lhe supreme sub chief, an olive dish to
Mrs. Baston, and the deputy was pre
sented a beautiful souvenir. These
presentations were in appreciation of
services and souvenirs of the occasion.
All of these had words of praise for
the officers and tfie work they did. Re
freshments were served at the close
of the meeting.
The official visit to Golden Era Circle
was cut short and then the meeting
opened to non-members, when all that
the visiting officer.- had to say outside
of commenting on the secret work was
t-aid before i>eople desirous of being in
structed in the principles of .the order
AT«uIt of this policy was the secur
ing of eight applications for member
»-Wp in the circle. I n addition to ad
dresses by grand officers there was a
pleasing programme of entertainment
and the presentation of flowers to the
official visitors.
The Christmas time party given by
Bay City Circle was one of those pleas
ant functions for which this circle Is
noted. The affair was carried on to a
successful termination under the super
vision of a committee of which the
chairman was Rosie Wolmar. who was
also floor manager. She was assisted
in that duty by Martha Baum and
Helen VIctorson.
Robin Hood Circle of the Companions
of the Forest of America had a pleas
ant party In the social hall of the Al
cazar building last week, which was
attended by a large number of people.
It was in the nature of an ante-Christ
mas function, at which many pretty
and useful articles were disposed of to
ihose who wanted to secure such for
the .holiday season.
' The visit of the grand chief compan
ion to General Lawton Circle was a
pleasing function. The visiting official
;.vas accompanied by Companions Gra
ven, Kemp van Ee, Lemme, Walmar
and Watkins. It was a visit of instruc
tion, which was followed by the pres
entation of pretty flowers to the grand
officers and then a banquet and speech
making. • ■
The ball recently given by : Court
Sutro Heights was one of , the most
delightful functions that this court had
ever arranged for. The order, of dances
v, ap up to date, the music all that could
be desired and the attention of the sev-
eraJ committees hiphly commendable.
Court Yerba Buena recently Initiated
eighteen candidates and then opened
wide the doors of the courts to admit
a delegation from each of the following
named circles of the Cmnpanlons of the
Forest of America, who were made
guests at a banquet: Martha "Washing
ton Circle. James G. Blaine Circle and
Osceola Circle.
A new circle of the Companions of the
Forest of America was instituted in.
Redwood City a few evenings since by
Grand Financial Secretary • Agnes Bre
mer. assisted by Grand Sub-Chief Mrs.
Tucker, Mrs. Gottlieb and Miss Llcht
and Slg. Grosslicht of Martha Washing
ton Circle arid J. Label, editor of the
American Forester Review. The cir
cle has sixty-two charter members. -
Redmaftship.
J. H. Fitzgerald of Altahmos Tribe of
the Improved "Order of Red Men has
been elected treasurer of the San Fran
cisco relief committee of the order, vice
Welch resigned.
The recent competition between
Samoset and Shenandoah Tribes, the
former of Vallejo and the latter of
Pinole, took place in the wigwam* at
Vallejo in the presence of a large num
ber of visitors, including Great Senior
Sagamore Cunning, Great Junior Saga
more Godeau. Great Chief of Records
Bliss, Great Keeper of Wampum Boyes
and Great Sannap Ritchie. The Judges
were: William Connolly, Fred Ritchie,
George W. Baltic; P. G. Varney, F. B.
Swan, Harry Brown, J. F. Whlpple and
George Wheeler. Samoset was de
clared the winner, having to Its credit
S58 or 89'/i per cent, while Shenandoah
had 347 or 86% per cent. The degree
work was unusually beautiful and
dramatic. The winners were: R. J.
Jones and R. Mooney, sannaps; A, Hlg-
Dougle, S. S.; J. B. Rust, J. S,; I. E.
Jones and E. Mooney/ sannaps; A. Hig
lin. W. T. Corrow, H. Neilson. F. A.
Blanco Jr., warriors; G. C. Smith, John
Freitti. M. J. Belfrle and H. Faber,
braves, A. Martinez and J. Arnold,
scouts; J. E. Harris, musician; G. C.
Driscall, G. of W.; A. Anderson, cap
tain. The members of Shenandoah'B
team were the following in the order of
rank as given in the other team: E.
W. Kobinson, F. G. Mayer, T. L. Ben
nett. G. A, Ferrier, William Myers, J.
Slater, .T. Scott, P. Johnson, H. Fraser,
F. Bennett, F. M. Thode, E. E. Athey,
J. Wunderlish, C. Townes, S. Mackay,
G. B. Kerland, G. I. Hamblin and A.
Barton.
The marriage of Thomas Roche to
Oriel B. Whitten. daughter of ,Z. T.
Whitten, chief of records of Osceola
Tribe, is announced. Both groom and
bride are well and favorably known in
the order.
Great Pocahontas Mrs.. Annie M.
Bliss paid an official visit to Poca
hontas Council on the evening of De
cember 21, on which occasion there
was work in the adoption degree. The
work, especially that of Mrs. L. Kem
nister, the Pocahontas, was unusually
interesting and instructive. ; •'
Harmonie Hall, Alameda, on ' the
night of December 7 presented a pretty
scene, it having been beautifully
decorated for the. occasion of the an
nual ball given by Yosemite Council, D.
of P., and added to the decorations
ther» were many pretty girls to
take part in the grand march, which
was led by H. Rissman and Miss Rae.
The affair was admirably conducted by
Clemence Ledme, Lillian Norman, the
Misses Rae, Herman, Rissman, floor
manager, and Jeannette Rawlinson, as
sistant. The council is rapidly In
creasing.
Potomac Council of the Degree of
Pocahontas gave a \ ery pleasant social
in the American Hall of the Red Men's
building on the fourth Wednesday in
November. The audience, a large one,
was entertained with a programme of
musical and literary numbers, which
were interesting and pleasing. This
was followed by a one act comedy
sketch, that was also well received.
The affair was well planned^and suc
cessfully carried out by the council's
social committee.
The fifth anniversary ball given by
Yosemite Tribe in Union-square Hall
last week was a success in every sense
of that word, the attendance was
large and the order of dances excel
lent. The committee, under the chair
manship of George E. Dastugue. was
composed of J. Lewis, A. Hunecke. J.
McConochie, A. A. Hergott, F. Lopas
and Dr. Charles Freeman. The elec
tive officers of thin tribe chosen for
the ensuing term are: J. Lewis,
sachem; J. McConchie, senior and H.
McFarland Junior sagamore; Charles
West, prdphet.
Oneidu Council, D. of P.. has
elected Minnie Kummeriander Poca
hontas; Victoria Godfrey, Wenonah;
Annie Wlchman, prophetess, and John
Hicks, Powhattan. The degree team
of this council has been highly com
plimented . for the very correct man
ner in which it conferred the adoption
degree upon the palefaces for Semi
nole, the new council recently insti
tuted. >
Great Sachem Davis returned last
week from a visit to the tribes in
Ukiah, Eureka, Arcata, Scotia and
Blue Lake. He found all doing well
and was pleased to note that the team
of the tribe in Eureka is doing excel
lent work for the good of the organ
ization in Humboldt County, being
ready at all times to visit tribes In
other localities to teach them how to
put on the work. The team is ably
seconded by Deputy Great Sachem Jo
seph Roberts. The great sachem is now
on a tour of official visitations in the
southern part of the reservation that
will extend to San Diego.
' On the evening of December 17 a
new tribe was instituted on the Po
trero.
On the night of December 12 a new
council of the Degree of Pocahontas.
called Seminole, organized by Great
Junior Sagamore Julius S. Godeau.
assisted by gome . energetic Red Men,
was instituted by Great Pocahontas
Annie M. . Bliss, assisted by all the
great chiefs. There " were present 243
charter members, recruited from
among the French speaking population
of this city. It is the largest council
ever instituted in this reservation.
After the ceremonies the great chiefs
were presented a bunch of beautiful
flowers each; and to the'-njstitutinir of
ficer • there , was presented' a valuable
crystal •berry bowl.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY; DECEMBER 25. 1^04:
Altahmos Tribe on the night of No
vember 30 had a class adoption includ
ing a number of candidates or pale
faces for Wyandotte and Uncas tribes.
The work was exceedingly well done
by the tribe's letter perfect .team and
a most favorable impression was cre
ated on : those 1 , who were adopted.
Calumet Council of the Degree of Po
cahontas on the night of November 30
adopted' a class of thirty palefaces.
The work was by the team of Alfarata
Council. After the work there was a
social hour and much enjoyment.
Manzanita Council No. 49 of the De
gree of Pocahontas has elected the fol
lowing chiefs for the ensuing term:
Emma Rice, prophetess; Sophronla
Thompson, Pocahontas; Annie Conroy,
Wenonah; William Winter, Powhattan;
Blanche Thompson, first scout; Edna
Trathen, second scout; Madge" Kane,
runner; William Best, Otto Volkman,
E. Arregad and Al Hunecke, warriors;
Nellie Walsh and Ella Wyatt, coun
cilors; Jennie Sprague, guard of the
tepee, and Harry Rinn, rescuer. On
the night of the second Friday in De
cember this council admitted eight
p&lefaces to membership by adoption
and on the following Friday there was
a party for members and palefaces.
The council distributed icecream and
cakes with a freedom that speaks well
for the hospitality of Manzanita. The
ball that was recently given by this
council in Golden Gate Hall was well
attended, there being at one time more
than one hundred and fifty couples on
the floor. There was a fine programme
of dances and under direction of Adam
Smith as floor manager all had a splen
did time. The affair was admirably
managed by a committee composed of
Adam Smith, Lizzie Lizzie
Winter, E. Arregada, Alfred Hunecke
and Sophronla Thompson.
Odd Fellowship.
On December 10, Excelsior Degree
Lodge No. 2 was honored by : a visit
from Grand Master Linscott." An ex
ceptionally large audience composed of
Odd Fe\lows was pres'ent to greet the
grand master. Among the prominent
Odd Fellows present were Past Degree
Masters Kingsford and Curtis. ; The
grand master made a very eloquent
and instructive address to the brothers,
expressed his appreciation of the recep
tion accorded him and of the good
work and benefit such a .body as Ex
celsior Degree Lodge was doing for the
advancement and. elevation of. Odd Fel
lowship. Among many other . impor
tant features of the evening was the
election of officers for the incoming
term. After a very exciting \election
Past Deputy Degree Master Harry K.
Wolff was elected degree master and
to preside over the destinies of Excel
sior Decree Lodge No. 2 for the ensu
ing term. Past Grand Wolff while in
the deputy degree master's' chair cx
.hibited marked ability in an eloquent
delivery of the charges of that office,
and should make an excellent degree
master. He is the youngest' Odd Fellow
■who ever was honored with such a
high rank in. Odd Fellowship, . being
only twenty-four years of-:age. He . is
a young attorney of this city. Past
Grand Clark was elected deputy de
gree master. There were no other
changes made in the offices for the en
suing term. > ;
..A recent event in Pleasanton. Ala
meda County, was the institution of
Mount Diablo Encampment No. 79 by
Deputy Sidney B. Morse of San Le
andro, assisted by Past Grand Patri
archs E.-H. Black, L. W..S. Downs.
Grand Scribe W. H. Barnes. Major. G.
S. Nalsmlth, S. Madsen, Canton No. 11
of Oakland, Major Pape commanding.
and patriarchs from adjoining towns.
The ceremony of institution was in the
Nevis Pavilion. There were six char
ter- members ■' and ■ seventy-eix. appli
cants, making the largest encampment
ever instituted , in this jurisdiction.
The new oflicer^ are: ,Lu-
tham, chief patriarch; J. A. Kupfer.
high priest; T. H. . Silver, senior war
den; P. F. D. Madsen,' junior warden;
S. J. Wells, scribe; F. E. Adams, treas
urer; S. D. Coffman, H. R. Crane. A.
E. Weed and Frank .Wills, watches;
George Beck and G. - Bennett, guard,
and Edward Jones and W. J. Nelson,
sentinels. The .institution and initia
tion was followed by an excellent ban T
quet, partaken of by a hundred and
fifty. After the supper there were
many interesting speeches. Among
those '• who gave material "j aid in the
programme for the evening was Past
Grand Patriarch J. W.'.Bulen of Iowa.
A new lodge of Odd Fellows was in
stituted in Palo Alto in the fore part
of the current month by r Grand Master
Linscott, assisted by a number of
prominent members of the order. The
lodge Was instituted with twelve char
ter members and ten admissions by in
itiation and one admission by card. A
toothsome collation: and an eloauent
address by the grand master followed
the ceremonies.. . '.
Grand Master Linscott will make of
licial visitations as follows during Jan
uary: 16th, Golden Kule Lotlce: 17th,
East Side Lodge; 18th. Los Angeles
Lodge; 19th, Long Beach Lodge; 20th,
Commercial Lodge; 21st, Atlas Lodge;
23d, Glendale. Lodge; 24th, district
meeting of Rebekahs in Los Angeles,
and on the 25th he will dedicate a new
hall in Los Angeles.
The journal of the Sovereign Grand
Lodge recently held in this city has
been issued. It is a volume of more
than 1100 riages. A great deal of space
is devoted to the session of the sover
eigy body by the California Odd Fel
lows, and as part of the proceeding is
The Call's 'account of the reception of
the Sovereign Grand Lodge, due credit
Is given for the. same.
Grand Secretary Shaw during the
middle of December visited Arbuckle.
Colusa County, and assisted Past
Grand 'Master Baker in the dedication
of a new hall in that city. The follow
ing night there was the conferring of
all the degrees on a number of elieri
bles, and then there was a banquet.
A new encampment will be organ
ized in Newman, and one in Willows.
A new lodge will soon be organized in
Geyserville.
Curing the early part of January a
beautifully engrossed set of resolutions
will be presented to J. W. Harris, who
was 'the chairman of the receotl6n
committee, that received the Sovereign
Grand Lodge last September. :
The Odd Fellows" Hall Association
has declared Its fifty-sixth dividend.
Knights of Pythias. 1
Laurel Lodge of the Knights of
Pythias has elected the following as
its officers for the ensuing term of one
year: C. A. .Ross.'C. C; J. E. Westoby,
V. C.; J. M. Appleton. P.; C. L. Par
sons, M. of W.; Ernest Ulman, K.'r.
S. : : E. F. Bayley. M. of F. ; A. C. Kull,
M. of E.; Dan W. Saylor. M.at A.; P.
L. Phillips, I. G.; J. H. Brook, O. G.;
B. Mayer, J. Dern, trustees.
The follow jns haye been elected as
officers of California Lodge No. 1 of
the. Knights of Pythias for the ensu
ing term: John.H. Lorton, C. C;
Charles T.' Walker, V. C. ; J. J. Nuen
berg. P.;» F.. O. Moll, M. of.W.j.R. N.
McLennan, K. of R. & S.; John Huber,
M. of F.; Henry Beaver, M. of E.;-,'M.
J. Ferguson, M. at. A.; William Gan
zert, I. G.; MJ Schumacher, O. G.; Dr.
Pring, physician; B. F. Godeska," O.
After the election C. F. Donnelly,
'•king" of the "tearnof the lodge, was
in recognition of, his services in', the
past, presented , a' beautiful gold em
blematic, badge studded .with diamonds.
The following have been elected of
ficers of .Bay ; City • Lodg? for ■ the ensu
ing.term\ George W. Dun.stan, C. ",C.:
J/ M. Adkins,.V. C.;;s. N. Nassau, P.;
L. ,R.\ Gambitz. /M. at A.: Charles C.
Morris. K. of- R. ami S.: Julius Caiman,
M. of.F.; L..R. Lovy.M., of E; ■ Jacob
SOMK XJh' Tilt; WKLL.-KNOWN*
I,EADEKS IN SAN FRANCISCO
FRATERNAL CIRCL.ES.
Salz, T.; D. A. Easton, I. G.; David
Hart, O. G. ;V; V
The 'officers of Syracuse Lodge of
this city will be installed in public
January 4. after which there will be a
dance. The officers of Mars Lodge
will be installed January 21. The
event will be followed by a social and
banquet.
McKinley Company, U. R., of this
city, has issued invitations for an en
tertainment and ball to be given " in
Golden Gate Armory December 27.
-Laurel Lodge of this city' had a so
cial and ban<iuet for. its members and
friends : December 19, ..Avhich was at
tended by . liftiny, including the grand
keeper, of records and seal and mem
bers of Temple -70, Rathbone Sisters.
■ 'Syracuse -Lodge of East Oakland
had. an entertainment and dance. De
cember 20. which was in the nature
of a farewell reception to two of its
members, employes of Wells, Fargo
& Co.. who are soon to leave. for New
York. • .
' Avalon Company, U.- R., will enter
tain its friends with a social January
21, and "on February 20 will celebrate
the : anniversary of the founding ~; of
the order.
San Leandro Company, -U. R., re
cently gave" a musical and literary
enterttunment- and a -dance in U. P.
E." C. Hail. San Leandro. Those who
contributed to : the pleasure of the
evening were: ,; Captain A. J: Lloyd.
Colonel W. G. Chaplin", Miss B: Kob
crts, Robert Batten, .George L.' Clurki
Budtl F. Eber,' Grand Chancellor U. F.
Burns. MIssos.G. I.lor4 ami .M. Short,
Charles, Keid,. Miss Celle AIcCc;-, Airs.
C. L. Best, Professor C. P. Pedersen
and A.. H. Shirk. .,
Independent Foresters.
During the past two weeks the mem
bers of the San Francisco board of
deputies paid visits to the various
courts in San Francisco In the interest
of the movement" for the securing "of
1000 members during the present cam
paign. ; f *p
High Chief Ranger Stewart visited
Court Carquinez last week In the in
terest of organialng a companion court
of the order, in that locality.
The court recently organized at
Frultvale was instituted with twenty
three charter members by the high
chief ranger and other high officers
last week.
The high chief ranger will visit Court
and Companion . Court Anistock at
Arbuckle January 9 for the purpose of
Installing the officers for the ensuing
term. and to f\lk about the boom cam
paign. He will be accompanied by
High Councilor C. W. Rickards.
The meeting recently held at Chico
by Court Chico and Companion Court
Gold Leaf was an open one that was
attended by nearly 300 people, who were
entertained with a well arranged pro-
gramme of musical and literary num
bers and an address on j Forestry, as
exemplified *by the Independent Order,
by High Chief Ranger G. Q. Stewart.
At the close qf the meeting a collation
was served. It was one of the most in
teresting fraternal meetings held in
that city for years.
Court Acacia at its last meeting ad
mitted a stranger by initiation and one
by card.-
The high chief ranger paid a*visit to
Ukiah a few days since in the Interest
of the membership located there. On
January 5 he will visit Morgan Hill in
Santa: Clara County, when the court
there will have a class of twenty or
more to initiate. On the following
night there will be a reunion of For
esters and friends, when there will be
an entertainment in honor of the new
members." a -collation and speech mak
ing. January 10 he will visit Crockett
to install the "officers of the court there
and to organize and institute a com
panion court in that place. On the
12th he will pay a visit to the court
in Williams and on January 14 he will
visit the court in Elmira.
The following have been elected as
the officers of Court Noe Valley for the
ensuing term: Philip Pryor, C. R.; J.
A. Plante, V. C. R.; Edward Donovan,
R. S.; A. August, F. S.; Joseph L.
Binet, T.Y " j. F. Steaiey, O..; R. W.
Mabee.. S.,W.; J. L. Binet, J. W.; J. A.
Plante and R. W. Mabee, F. C; P. E.
Roberts and Cy'l. Ronto, trustees, C.
L. Konto,' organist.
Fraternal Brotherhood.
San Francisco Lodge of the Fraternal
Brotherhood has elected as its officers
for the ensuing term: E. !«. Cross,
president; .Mrs. Ella Crort, vice presi
dent; Mrs. R. C. Edwards, secretary;
Lew • B. Douglass, treasurer; S. A.
Frost, chaplain; Harry Curley, inside
doorkeeper; Charles N. Beerman, out
side doorkeeper. At a recent meeting
this lodge adopted seventeen by initia
tion and the membership af this. time
is 382 in goad standing.. San Francisco
Lodge will, after the first of the year,
meet in Golden Gate Asylum.
Aurora Lodge had a very pleasant
party in Scandia . Hall last week. A
good programme of dances was enjoyed
by a, large number of people.
Fred Brandt, the popular superin
tendent of the, Red Mens* building, has
been elected an honorary member of
Progress Lodge of the Fraternal Broth
erhood in recognition of his many acts
of kindness to the lodge.
The social and dance given in Eagles'
Halllaat week by San Francisco Lodge
in aid of its drill team was a very
pleasant affair and was enjoyed by a
large number of people.
Order Pendo.
The reports that have been received
at supreme headquarters of Pendo show
that the current month is the banner
month of the year for increase in mem
bers.'
Home Council will have a grand en
tertainment and dance in the Odd Fel
lows' building December' 2S.
On December 30 Oakland Council will
have an anniversary celebration in its
hall under the supervision of Mrs.
Hanaven, the council's very energetic
deputy.
'Supreme Councilor Tugweir returned
to thte city last week from a tour of
visits In the; north.
lAnn&y 'Council will have a holiday
entertainment in San Mateo. December
27.
The council at Stege had a Christmaa
party last week, which was attended by
many of the residents of that locality.
Woodcraft.
Haven Circle, Women of Woodcraft,
has elected the following officers for
the ensuing term: Elizabeth Buhaen.
guardian neighbor; Mary E. Grounsell.
adviser; Lizzie Merrill, clerk; Marl*
Walling, banker; Katie Butler, attend
ant: Rena J. Martin, magician; Rose
B. Blywlse. inner sentinel; Marguerite
Mitchell, manager; Preato McRowe.
musician: Cecile Melbourne, captain of
the guard.
The Christmas tree party for the chil
dren of members of Redwood Circle of
the Women of Woodcraft in Eagles*
Hall last week was a very well ar
ranged affair that was the means of
giving pleasure to a large number of
little ones. From an Immense tree In
the center of the hall, elaborately deco
rated. Neighbor Heywood as Santa
Claus delighted the children with pres
ents and candies and fruit. There was
a good programme of music and songs,
then literary numbers and dancing.
The -recently elected officers of this cir
cle, together with those of Golden West
Camp, will be installed in the hall
named January 10.
Rathbone Sisters.
California. Rose Valley, Placer, Mis
tletoe and Winters temples, comprising
district 13. recently held a district
convention in Sacramento under the
auspices of California Temple No. 1.
The meeting place presented a festive
appearance, the stations of th« several
officers being banked with flowers of
the color of the station, and a holiday
appearance was added to the place by
the liberal use of winter greens and
hollyberrles. The representatives to
the convention were met by a commit
tee and escorted to the meeting plara
at noon, and an hour later an excel
lent luncheon was served. In the aft
ernoon the convention was called to
order by Maude B. Sheehan. D. D. G.
C, after which Grand Chief Bet tie C.
Nlckell was introduced. The officer*
of California' Temple were called to
their respective stations and exem
plified the form of opening in form an<l
then gave an object lesson in balloting.
This was followed by the asking ami
answering of a number of questions
relative to the work of the order, and
after adjournment a hot supper was
served.
In th« evening of that day California
Temple held a special session to recelva
the grand chief on the occasion of her
official visit. Two candidates, a' Knight
p.nd a lady, were initiated. Under goo.l
of the order the grand chief told vt
her observations in the various temples
she has visited in various parts of tha
State. She complimented the officers
and members of the degree staff for
the floor work^rliring Initiation, praised
the new features introduced by the staff
and urged the temple to continue in It3
good work. During the evening Miss
Letd Martin entertained with vocal m>
los. Past Grand Chief Mrs. George
Guthrie called attention to the fact
that th"? fifteenth anniversary of the or
der In California fell on Decernber 17.
Mrs. Guthrie was the first most excel
lent chief of California Temple, also
the first grand chief of the State.
Sail!': Wolff was the first past
chief of temple and th-3
first pas«t grand chief. The dis
trict deputy, oa behalf of the tem
ple, presented the grand chief as. .\
souvenir of her visit a costly crystal
fruit dish. Then there were addresse.1
by Sallie Wolff. Mary A. Fitzgerald.
Maude B. Shoehan. Clara Martin.
Dorothy, G. S. P. C; Florence Post of
Lottie Temple and Mesdames Garri
son, Boiler, Schneider, Warder, Fisher.
Hecker. Henol and Miss Guthrie. The
meeting was followed by an excellent
banquet.
The Amaranths.
The following elected officers of
Crescent Court of the Exalted Degree
af the Amaranth, together with those
to be appointed, will be Installed in the
Golden Gate Asylum in public January
13: Mary E. Donoho. royal matron
(elected by unanimous vote): W. C.
Ordway. royal patron; Josephine Cleve.
associate royal matron: Lizzie Cole
man, conductress, and Lillie I* Bealor.
associate conductress.WITH THE PLAYERS AND THE MUSIC FOLK
Two trunks containing wardrobe es
sential to the Gadski's phvsical comfort
-r.d peace of mind when she ventures
abroad had been forwarded to- the Ho
le! uel Lionte, Monterey, instead of to
the Hotel St. Francis, Ss.n Francisco,
and as the blunder was apologetically
revealed to the car.tatrice I awaited a
temper-break that would have been
pardonable on the part of any woman
EiralUurly situated. But it did not come.
The strong Teutonic features never re
laxed the smile they wore when the tale
of misfortune was commenced, and the
only comment was one of quizzical
wonder.
"To Monterey?" she said serenely.
'"But we're not going to Monterey. How
strange the trunks should go there.
I'm ecrry they did not come here, be
cause I must do Christmas shopping
this afternoon with my little daughter.
But maybe I have something here that
will do to wear."
A deepening of the Emile dismissed
the subject, and I remembered a re
mark anent the Gadski temperament
uttered by Mr. Maurice Grau when he
was here three years ago and sorely
harassed by the capriciousness of some
of his song birds. Calve was sulking at
Pasadena, Mibyl Sanderson lay sick at
the Palace, Eames was threatened with
a sore throat, and the impresario, saw
money returned at the Grand Opera
house box office.
•"Ah." he said, "if they all were like
Gadski— she's the reliable." And the
remainder of that memorable season
bore out his opinion. Of the entire
aviary there were only two of the
prima donne — Gadski and Sembrich —
who did not cancel one or more appear
ances, convey disappointment to the
public and corresponding pecuniary loss
to their manager. Gadskl sang oftener
than any of her sister artists.
Since then she has lost none of the
big, wholesome personality that illumed
the stage and endeared her\o all whom
she met In a social way. That the
friendships then formed have endured
was indicated by her frequent Inquiries
about persons and the many greetings
conveyed to her by mail and telephone
and handshake. The center table of
her apartment at the St. Francis was a
litter of letters locally posted and visit
ing cards and floral tributes. So often
was our interview interrupted by the
tinkling of the telephone bell that she
almost showed annoyance.
"My husband. Mr. Tauscher, isn't
here yet— won't arrive till Christmas
r.ight." the explained, "so inquiries for
him are referred to me by the hotel
people. How is he? Well, he's the
busiest man in this country. The
Government at Washington has finally
adopted the big guns he represents."
It is Gadski's first extensive concert
tour and she has found it more agree
able than she anticipated. Her con
tract to sing opera for Conried called
for three years' servitude, but at the
<nd of the first twelvemonth he inaug
urated his now famous retrenchment
Policy and she would not submit to the
proposed salary reduction. Therefore
the covenant was of his breaking.
■"An offer to appear In sixty concerts
en tour promised greater pecuniary
compensation than Mr. Conried's re
duced rate would have afforded me,"
she said, "and here I am with sixteen
of the sixty behind me. But the series
threatens to be almost doubled, for ten
of the sixteen have resulted in return
engagements. When we started out I
thought of the brief stays in each place
and the almost constant traveling, but
now I actually prefer the concert.plat
form to the operatic stage, despite" 1 the
drawbacks to ease-finding that I
feared."
It being my turn to say something,
I lamely asked If the having of an
audience all to oneself, instead of di
viding its possession with other artists,
did not make up to a great extent, if
not entirely, for one-night stands and
attendant discomforts.
"I hope I am not so selflsh as to de
rive satisfaction from that source,"
•was her response, and the accompany
ing eye-twinkle made me yearn for in
stant opportunity to indulge in self
kicking. "Of course, I would much
rather sing alone than be associated
with a poor tenor or any other defec
tive artist or artists, but the preference
is in consideration for the audience as
well as myself. You see, when there is
a weak spot in an operatic cast it af
flicts the public by impairing the work
cf the other principals. It discourages
them — makes them feel that the per
formance is faulty — and some of them
may allow the hopelessness of trying
to make the performance creditable to
lead them into carelessness. Now that
feeling has never hampered me. The
weaker the cast the more earnestly I
have striven to redeem the perform
ance—to give the public its money's
worth and help the man who pays the
Ealaries. A conscientious artist could
not, I believe, make the public conven-
After a moment's reflection she
vouchsafed a theory, and it was log
ical.
"Schumann-Heink got close to the
EDWIN DEAKIN'S OLD MISSION PAINTINGS
Small wonder that in San Francisco,
enthroned 'twixt turquoise seas, upon
seven emerald hills, whose slopes are
peopled with the children of every
'clime, a type of art should be born and
be reared to clever maturity under
sympathetic direction. How the hills
have cry^a! lized the art sense of our
people! Even as in Italy — whose god
child Is California — they whose eyes
sec and whose hearts feel are mag
netized by the soft, voluptuous slopes
cf the city to seek to set up their
easels in some eyrie thereabouts.
The environment of the artist., the
vriter, or the composer directly in
fluences his mental poise, which in
turn dictates the type of work he
evolves. Hence the necessity of sym
pathetic location.
This, in a measure, explains to tha
stranger the concentration of studios
on or near Telegraph end Russian
hills, where, the olive-skinned? Latins
dwell, not far from the shint-eyed
Orientals — .". precious heritage- of sus-.
«rf£ticn. Here, loo, history dwells.
ience subservient to his or her own."
When I quoted popular opinion, that
in both drama and opera the more In
adequate the "support" the more bril
liantly does the star shine by contrast
the smile developed into a laugh.
"That may be so," she said, "but
such 'stars' are not conscientious ar
tists."
Then we fell to discussing the pres-"
ent individual doings of that great
Grau galaxy of three years ago. When
I told of how Schumann-Heink's first
appearance in concert here was to a
two-thirds house, and of how hundreds
of folk were turned away from her
final one because of Manager Green
baum's inability to provide them even
with standing room, for which they of
fered fancy prices, the honest face
glowed with satisfaction.
"And with Sembrich," I continued,
"It was just the opposite! Her concert
debut In San Francisco was made to
the big and cultured congregation and
her final performance, barely justified
the managerial outlay."
popular heart," she said, "by arrang
ing her programmes to appeal to all
phases of refined musical taste. She
sang homely songs, as well as preten
tious arias, and the people were quick
to find it out and respond. Sembrich
may have been too unvaryingly class
ical In her selections, and the people
may have been quick to find that out,
too."
Gadski had not seen Fritzi-Scheff In
light opera, and the omission did rot
seem to occasion regret.
"She has decided to revive some of
the comic opera successes of a score of
years ago, and she Is wise to do that,"
was the big woman's verdict on the
petite woman's latest venture. "Since
the time 'Fatinitza* was composed
nothing of its class has been con
structed to equal it musically, and It
would not surprise me to see a renais
sance of Its style. Modern comic opera
is more f#rce than music"
Melba's recent physical breakdown
in PIttsburg. necessitating cancella
tion of her concert engagement there,
wa6 briefly discussed, and then we
drifted back to Gadski's self.
"Opera work is more nerve-wearing
than concert singing." she said. "In
opera there is the changing of t cos
tume—sometimes half a dozen changes
during one performance — the waiting
for cues, the uncertainty as to how
your stage associates will suit you,
and various other things to keep your
nerves at tension. Then there is the
spirit of your role, which you must
cherish even while you are not singing
It. With one of the heavy Wagnerian
parts to sustain, such as Elizabeth or
Brunhilde, you cannot afford to cast
off your simulation when you exit and
don it when you enter, as you do your
wardrobe, but must 'feel* it every in
stant the opera is in progress. In con
cert, however, you can safely change
your moods with your numbers—alter
nately laugh and cry, as it were — and
the mutations of feeling are good for
you. That's one of my reasons for
preferring concert — its comparative
lack of demand on the nerves."
"And your programmes— are they
mixed, a la Schumann-Heink, or
straight, a la Sembrich?"
"As varied as my talent will permit."
This from the woman who was capa
ble of stepping in and singing any
leading role in the vast Grau reper
toire gave promise of variety illimita
ble.
""With Wagner first choice, I pre
sume?**
"Not too much Bayreuth," she
laughed. "If my choice alone were
consulted, perhaps Wagner would be
more In evidence, but in music appre
ciation there . are differing . ideas, and
each of them must be taken into con
sideration with the arrangement of a
concert t. which 'the general public is
invited."
Miss Tauscher, 11 years of age, home
in Berlin, was then yielded maternal
attention, and the ensuing active prep
arations for a shopping excursion indi
cated that the tale of the trunks was
not such a thriller, after all.
JAMES C. CRAWFORD.
THEATER OFFERINGS
FOR HOLIDAY WEEK
OF VARIOUS TYPES
"The Sultan of Sulu," George Ade's
initial attempt at musical comedy, will
be seen for the first time in San Fran
cisco to-morrow evening at the Colum
bia Theater. It has had long runs in
New York, Chicago and other Eastern
cities and is said to be the best thing
ever written by the quaint humorist.
The cast includes Thomas Whiffen and
other well-known names.
"The Heart of Chicago," a melo
drama of the day, will be the Central's
holiday offering, opening with a special
matinee to-morrow.
"Shore Acres,". with James A. Gallo-
witn its reminiscent robes trailing
through palsied alleys and rickety
stairways. Even the geranium boxes,
perched high on the porches of aerial
tenements • on the hills, have yielded
blossoms for men and women whose
names are traced among the great
great now that they 'are dead, for. 'tis
a phase of human selfishness to deny
to the living the. full mead of praise
due high and honest effort. But the
gods be thanked, the world's growing
more generous as it grows older. Who
knows but the day. is nigh when the
"Knocker" will no longer be; heard in
the land and the cheery volce^ofthe
"Booster" will fill the air with incen
tive? ,
. Already, however, has the "Booster"
come to us from out of -the East and
from over the water, praising the ef
forts of our artist folk as no. man
dared to do at " home. • For some
Psychological reason men hate— or
fear— to give honor unto their own
until "their own"' have been approved
abroad. . Then, forsooth, th e provin
cials fall upon the necks of the anoint
ed and weave wreaths of laurel at their
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1904.
way in the , role created by the late
James A. Hearne, commences a week's
engagement this afternoon at the Cal
ifornia Theater.
Blanche Bates , in "The Darling of
the Gods" is assured of a rousing wel
come home to-morrow evening at the
<*)rand Opera-house. 1 Since her las^
appearance here, three years' ago, the
clever California actress has steadily
advanced In • her profession, and the
Belasco play brings out the very best
of the qualities that promoted her at
a leap from provincial stock work to
stellar distinction on Broadway!
"Old Heidelberg," Richard Mans
field's play, is The holiday -bill for the
Alcazar, commencing with a matinee
to-morrow. An" elaborate production
is promised. ."."•. •
Hoyt's political , satire, "A Contented
Woman," will afford the Majestic folk
opportunity to show their comedy tal
ent this week, commencing this even-
Ing.
• -•■:•.
The Orpheum Road Show begins its
annual engagement atthe O'Farrell
street house to-day, and the roster In
cludes Mclntyre an«l Heath. Spesardy's
bears *»nd ponies, Grace Palotta arid
the Four Millinery Maids, Frank ami
Jen I.atnna, Clarice Vance, Harry
Smirl and Rose Kessner and other
names famed in vaudeville.
"King: Dodo" continues to reign at
the Tivoli, with no sign of abdication.
A grand transformation scene will con
clude the performances this week.
* -■» •
Bothwell Browne's musical extrav
aganza, "Princess Fan Tan." will con
tinue the stellar attraction at the
Chutes until further notice. , ;.
Fischer's announces several new and
interesting- vaudeville features' for the
last week of the year. .<: '
Dates, of the Gadski recitals at the*
feet. But 'tis ever thus.' God — or the
devil— hath so willed it." fj ; >
Overlooking the Plaza, the stage of.
the melodrama of early San Francisco,
freighted full. of song. and story, Anna
Francis Briggs has set* up- her easel..
And 'twas here, at' 639, '"Kearny street;
that on Tuesday and Wednesday ■< she
displayed her workj to a- throng * of art
lovers and friends who ."called to take
tea with her! ; And 'tw^as good tea. toot-
Covering the walls, were- manic ''bits
6T water colors, tejling the ■ tale of j a
summer by. the^ea. . Beautiful indeed
was one — I forget its number—show
ing an azure sea' lapping the * sands
with languorous love; .two mounds 'of
sand,, white, and 'soft, .meet, caressingly
in a tiny , ravine, ; where r amethyst
flowers bloom in> sweet. content. ; The
exquisite, coloring-, comes' from the
summer sky, still" shot" with the " ruby
and topaz" lights , of; the '.passing day.
Then there's a study lot, depth, differ
ing entirely inthought and treatment,
a Druidical grove in^deep. low . tones.
And this is probably'.tha bisgest ' thing,
■FAMOUS ' SJXGER >WHd WIIJL,:AP- "
I PEAR IN SAN FRANCISCO IN"
CONCERT THIS WEEK.
Alhambra are Tuesday and Thursday
Evenings and a Saturday matinee next
week. The programmes include "works
of Schumann, Schubert, Weber! Mo
zart, 'Beethoven,. Hugo and Richard
Strauss and ; some by American com
posers. The is M. H.elmar
Meyercwitz,. a soloist, of repute. '. Mrhe. .
Gadski has' also b?en selected to open"
the concerts of- the St. Francis Musical
Art Society.- ....
DRAMA IN EXGLAX D : .
DISCUSSED BY MEN, ;..
■ \- - ; WHO DWELL WITH IT
iThe. recent complaint of Arthur Sy
mons of the failure of the general Lon
den public to appreciate, a, revival > of
Congreve's "The Way of the World"
provoked this from the ."Manchfst^r
Guardian: '. . , " - ' *. : .C
"The fault :is not with the! people, but
with the managers, fcr if the' people
have come ! to look to the' theater' for
something other than drama (for bright
display or lisht amusement), itife be
cause the managers have shown them
the silt, and .the. tawdry.-. Managers
have paid more, and, more attention to
picto'rfal elTect, till now we . have .the
mechanical , rabbit in : Olivia's garden,
and the -gelatine tears upon Mark. An
tony's checks. -Actors. :; in their turn
(and che or two dramatic- critics). -have
paid less and less., attention^ to the
speaking of j poetry, . till now we. may.
hsar even' the best verse spoken by our
most celebrated ; actors ; like r so much,
jerky prose. • . -.1 -\ '■. > \-\- V--,. - :■:. '''"'
in, a. mental and ; spiritual" s6nse,' that
this Mnteresting young ; womatvhas yet
,dpne.'' ' What she may do s , is another
matter^, .George" s." Watts, the^famouV
Londoner, J .was; so impressed .with'.her
heart qualities and her ■ understanding
of art * principles/ that; .just : bef6re his
pa"s.-Ins\;,he eehtj her^sorne. kmdly/ad- :
vice,' .adding" that ,,h'e ' desired"* hereto
• takV up], .work Jn, oils an d 1 ' that^. he ;be-^
flleved* she'. wouldC one;; day" become**^
. famous : artist.v^And : th'ere'/arerotKera"'
| of lesser,, n6terbut.perriaps'' jujst :^s p'roi ;•
ptietic.ywho believe the great ' Loridon
er.sawrtruly.;'.', ' -".' y ••'.""■ -*.;'/!' "'/
-■■''..:-. : - •' *• = ■■■"•_* r> .•■.*-' *.'»>-..• i ■ -:. :■ •! ■'- I- ".
• "Not more than a block 'away- is* tHe
studio .of Jules Mersf elder*,*; 6O'l _ ■ Mer-'
chant -street, jvhefe.: in > 5sweetV;Bohe
mian .fashion . friends are* welcome'd' on
Saturday! afternoons; friends" and ,krt
lovers 'alike,', for -they.;are. near- ' ''akin*.
Albusyrchapfhaa" been, this "new : wed
artist, drinking v in inspiration"- from.
; his : beautiful; wife! even' as : did other!
painters 'before him, \ all'. 6t whichTfe-;
minds one of s the sublime; inspiration
poor Rollo; : Peters : absorbed
:from . the presence /of- his v.exquisrfe:
— "Playgoers who can find little pleas
ure-.in* hearing verse so spoken have
come.. to^regard the poetic drama as a
nuisance." „ They go to It partly because
they, think it good for them, but part
ly because our ancient drama when put
upon the boards is usually decked out
with gewgaWs till it glitters like a
pageant. .' They go to see a variety of
brilliant, tissues or a reaiized picture
(often^a clever piece of archaeology) of
ancient. or romantic people. They go
.to -have their leisure made sweet or
their, senses gratified, but they, do not
go to. hear noble poetry spoken justly
or; to see "great events performed with
reverence. 7 V;KV
This- deliverance— perfectly sound as
far as it- goes, but which does not go
far, enough — has provoked a rejoinder
from Mr. Laurence Irving, representing
the modern school. He says that auth
ors, actors and the public, during the
last -thirty years "have, it seems to me,
been busily combining to establish a
dra,ma'tic-literature for their own age.
They" fh*a.ve at last tugged the drama
off- the, shoals on which it lay stranded
during the epoch of Bulwer Lytton and
Sheridan". Knowles; they have broken
the hypnotic trance into which the daz
zling and; facile genius of Shakespere
had thrown the English stagro, during
the first half of the nineteenth century.
I ask ff pur dramatic progress is not to
be sought, along the roads on which
such abiding milestones have already
been" .Vet; as 'The Second Mrs. Tan
qutray'. .in the direction of tragedy.
'a'rd.Vl '.would say, "The Liars* in that of
comedy?/ Ought we not to hope that
gradually the insight which has suc
cessfully" dealt with the lives of the
.■~elt-tordo may broaden and deepen so
£s.'at \:length to handle resolutely the
dramatic airpects of the mass and back
lVone' of the community— the ' working
classes,"; as well as man
ual T{ :.A /■;-■ y
," In -other -words, abandon all pretense
tJiat the 'theater is either a literary or
d*n_ artistic Institution; that it has more
periods' 'than one, the present; or any
wife.-.'slie. who was Katherine Mur
phy.>J:-^ ':''■■
? i.Poor. "Peters! In every studio in the
quarter; brie hears words of sympathy
for;himVih"his new sorrow.* Somehow,
betwixt there lies a chain of
sympathy,, ofttimes overgrown with
ihe\ fungus of jealousy or tarnished
with the stain of indifference, but let
'oneVofwtheim be stricken with a sor
row • and: lo! his fellows are bowed
dbwnV with him. A blessed thing is
sympathy! More needed Is' it to a
sensitive 1 ; soul— and all creators / are
sensitive— -than food and, drink. And
tince;vit is said that with the growth
pf cold Icommercialism the higher sen
sibilitiesVare doomed to death, let us
place; with the creators, the artists,
writer? L'-fand composers, the sacred
trust of ;, keeping alight the beautiful
glow i of ; sympathy.
\ - Over Ihe bay in the classic burg of
Berkf^j-^-SlOO Telegraph, avenue, to be
exactr-is ''a collection of pictures .that
"shoul3,"*,th all justice, belong 'to the
Stated University. Not only are . they
wider field than „ the various strata of
British society; or that actors stand in
any need ' of special instruction. This
is what young Mr. Irving's suggestion
amounts to In plain English. A'dramat
ic literature for our own age! Where
are the first' traces of it? "The Second
Mrs. Tanqueray" an abiding milestone!
It will not _be read for a decade after it
has vanished from the stage. It is just
because the modern stage literature is
so ephemeral and worthless that all
true lovers" of the theater are so anx
ious that the ancient standards should
not be utterly forgotten.
No one has any objection to the de
velopment of a modern prose drama. A
new Sheridan or Goldsmith would be
welcomed very heartily. Mr. Pinero and
Mr. Jones, are both clever men, but
their joint product does not satisfy all
possible theatrical aspirations.
STAGELAND PEOPLE
AND SOME OF THEIR
f^'-: RECENT MOVEMENTS
Nat Goodwin has signed a three years'
contract by the terms of which he is to
star under Charles Frohman's manage
ment in "The Beauty and the Barge," a
comedy by W. W. Jacobs and Louis N.
Parker. Mr. Goodwin will appear in a
character after tha style of those in
which he achieved his earliest and sta
blest fame. He will be supported by an
American. company. Arrangements for
the production were completed with
Daniel Frohman, and it has been set
tled that the comedy will be presented
at the Lyceum for a run, beginning
early in' September next./ During the
continuance of the three years' con
tract with Mr. Goodwin, Mr. Frohman
will present him in other plays besides
the one named. :tv?
■ ••■ •■••••
Gilbert Miller; son of Henry Miller, as
the result of his father's vigorous op
position to his desire to be an actor, is
now serving as a private in the Marine
Corps on the cruiser Denver. Young
Miller secured an engagement with
Amelia Bingham and did well, but hl3
father refused to approve of it. So
eight months ago Gilbert Miller joined
the Marine Corps at the recruiting
office in New York.
Madame Melba found herself a very
unpopular woman in Pittsburg on the
night cf November 28. when she re
fused to sing after finding that the ad
vance sale of seats was small. The
story that the diva had a cold and
needed rest did not seem to mollify
those who had their money refunded.
It is discouraging to think of the
future of the American stage when
confronted with present conditions.
says the Dramatic Mirror. Aside from
the very few prominent actors now be
fore the public who abhor the idea of
continuing for long periods in a single
play, who emphasize their distinguished
abilities by appearing in various dra
mas during a" season, and who possess
the capacity and skin necessary to train
their supporting actors in something
like a variety of impersonation, there
remains no other medium but that fur
nished by the few stock companies
which hold'precarlous tenures in vari
ous cities for actors to become in some
measure expert In their art. These
stock companies, although they are
held in contempt by the dominant pow
er in the theater, and the few chief
players who insist upon > their j own
method, really save the theater of to
day from an. absolute poverty of ac
tors who : can show versatility.
Blanche Bates broke down and shed
tears of" joy 'when called upon for a
speech at the completion of her phe
nomenal run of 150 performances at the
Imperial Theater, St. Louis, on Decem
ber 2. She received hundreds of con
gratulatory telegrams and was liter
ally stormed with flowers. The actress
is said to have played to $182,604 75
duringher season In St. Louis.
Is the circus. poster doomed? After
fifteen 'years of rivalry Barnum &
Bailey and Ringling Brothers have
agreed * to ' use' fewer billboards and
more newspaper space and mutually ar
range their routes and do such things
as will result in dignifying and better-
Ing their business. R. F. Hamilton has
issued a statement which says in part:
"James A. Bailey and the Ringling
Brothers have met and agreed upon a
future programme that is likely to con
fer lasting benefit upon every one en
gaged in -the 'circus business. While
there is no- foundation for even a sus
picion that any;merger or combination
is involved, sufficient has transpired to
warrant the statement that a most
thorough understanding has been ar
rived at by. which the vast and Impor
tant interests: of these two great shuws
will be conserved. Window lithographs
will, to -a great extent, be dispensed
good technique and of exquisite color
qualities, ~riot only do they appeal "to
the eye ~as'. things x>f- beauty, but they
speak to; the, heartland to- the Intellect.
I refer. tp.Edwln Deakin's, superb col
lection, of 'paihtings of 'the Old Mis
sions bf" California, twenty-one In all,
shown^n his studio over the bay. Large
canvases they are (set In frames of the
artist's ; "own~ : making), telling to a fu
ture people the. dramatic story of . the
world-famed^misslpns ■ when. their red
tiled roofs looked up;from acres of or
chard .'and '.. vineyard and .flowering
patio, .blddmg*.w'elcpmK to, the weary
traveler os.he drew jilgn at the closi of
day. _• " . ; ' " !■/■;, -v m ■ : **"
No Artist of .to-day* possesses so
thorough ,a.knowledge of the missions,
nor is In deeper -sympathy with his sub
ject. For thirty; years he traveled about
the State, living- within- the. shadow of
the miislon he sought to paint— oftt|me3
sketching under the pomegranate trees
in the;*roined* patio, -or > perched 'upon
a bit of rained"; wall, * the • haunts ■ of
fleet-footed 'things- that ~
One \ of .the' finest -"pictures. : and- per
haps ■ the- mostVappeallng, -is'- that of
with, and the newspapers used more
extensively. Other unfavorable condi
tions will be met as tney arise, and all
unjust discriminations or attempts to
levy illegal and excessive fees of any
kind will receive prompt and proper at
tention."
James K. Hackett has secured the
American rights for "The Walls of Jeri
cho," the new play by Alfred Sutro,
which is said to score the smart set
and the aristocracy of London. The
play has been a great success in Lon
don, as played by Mr. Bouchier and
Violet Van Brush, and competition for
the American rights has been strong:. It
has not yet been decided who shall
play the role. In which Miss Van Brugh
was so successful in London, in the
New York production of the play.
The death of Mrs. Gilbert narrows
down the number of elderly actresses
to three: Mrs. W. G. Jones, Mrs. Sol
Smith and "Aunt Louisa" Eldridge.
Each of these old ladies has passed the
three-score and ten which is considered
the allotted time for usefulness, but
each of them is still hale and hearty
and apparently able to entertain as for
many years to come.
Oscar Wilde's play, "The Duchess of
Padua," is being given for the first
time in Germany at the Hamburg City
Theater, Berlin. Carl Hagemann, the
German biograapher, says that the
play was produced in New York In
1891.
Tolstoi has written a letter to Queen
Elizabeth of Roumania (Carmen Syl
va). saying that owing to circum
stances over which he has no control
he cannot visit her as promised. From
this his friends surmise that he is a
prisoner of the Czar in his own house,
subject to administrative surveillance.
"Taps" has been acted in Paris at
Antoine's under the title "Discipline."
The audience did not murmur at see
ing German uniforms on the stage for
the first time since the Franco-Prus
sian war.
Willie Collier, who has never before
acted outside of America, will play in
London next spring and summer. Kyrle
Bellew in "Raffles," and William Gil
lette in a new piece of his own. will
also play in London next summer.
E. H. Sothern and Julia Marlowe will
next season add "Macbeth." "The Mer
chant of Venice" and "The Tam
ing of the Shrew" to the Shakepearean
plays that they are now acting.
Rose Coghlan has begun rehearsals
for her second starring tour In "Di
plomacy." Howard Kyle will play
Henry Beauclerc.
MRS. SPENDER-CLAY KNOWN
AS EXPERT JUDGE OF LACE
Astor's Daughter Able to Make Intri
cate Designs as Result
of Study.
LONDON, Dec. 22.— It has just been
discovered by her friends that Mrs.
Spender-Clay is one of the best Judges
of old lace in Europe. The dealers have
known it for a long time, because she
has frequently exposed their imposi
tions.
Shortly after the announcement of
her engagement an American friend,
who kne.v of Miss Astor's partiality for
specimens of good old lace, was enlarg
ing on the beauty of a sample which
she had just bought from a dealer. It
was the lady's Intention to present the
piece of lace to the bride as a wedding
present. Miss Astor, without a mo
ment's hesitation, described the sample
as not lace at all, but a poor German
copy of a genuine Irish design. The
friend collapsed. She told Miss Astor
that she had paid an enormous price
for it.
"Go and get your money back," said
Miss Astor; "if the dealer is worth
powder and shot he will not hesitate;
if he Is not, you can ; , consider your
money lost."
Few people know how she obtained
her extraordinary knowledge of lace.
She lias paid frequent visits to Lim
erick, the center of the lace industry . In
Ireland, and has sat for hours at a
time watching the girls In the convent
schools there while they were at work.
She has made some intricate designs
herself, and If she had to she could
earn a handsome living as a lace
worker. While she Is an expert In Irish
lace !t would be difficult to deceive her
In Spanish. Maltese. Egyptian or Arme
nian specimens. Her admiration for
Irish laceworkers has caused her to
support the Industry most generously
from time to time.
Sicnkiewicz'a New Work.
WARSAW, Dec. 24.— Henry Sienklc
wicz, author of "Quo Vadla," has plan
ned a new trilogy to be called "On the
Field of Glory," the subject being the
career of John Sobleski, King of Poland,
who delivered Europe from the Turks.
BY LAURA BRIDE POWERS
Sfcit Antonio de Padua, beautiful even
in Its sorry ruin. For a background,
a blue-bathed mountain lifts its head—
the beautiful Santa Lucia. The whlte
fiecked sky and the oak-studded valley
give to the old ruin the setting that
God gave to it, and thus it was that the
artist saw it. This is the mission, by
the way. that the California land
mark League has partially restored,
and is now further safeguarding. Ja it3
work, Mr. Deckin has been of Invalu
able assistance, being one of the three
artists on the advisory board of the
Beautiful is the love of the artist
and his devoted wife for these mission
pictures, for in truth they arc their
well-beloved offspring, the result of
thirty years of love's labor. So great
Is their affection for th?m that Mr.
Deakin has repeatedly refused to sell
a single picture p* the collection, pre
ferring—though not o'erblessed with
riches— to wait until he can dispose c:
them all in each other's company.
This is the artist's spirit and senti
ment, which, God willing, will preserve
a social balance in this grubbing sray
old world.
1920
MILITARISM VERSUS SOCIETY
"What next V" cry out the young offl
c<*rs who serve your Uncle Samuel (in
•he sweet silence of their boudoirs).
"What next?" indeed!
First, came Corbinism, with its thun
derbolts hurled at love — at conjugal
love — which* is quite the safest and
Boost .respectable type of love that we
wot -of for young men, military or
otherwise. But v.ith the guns of rea
pon leveled at the proposition of a pair,
howe'er loving, getting on with finan
cial rations barely enough for one, why.
it blows hole? through a beautiful the
ory, • and many warm-hearted but
jight-headed persons havf ceased pelt
ing: the doughty warrior with bad
words. They are beginning to conclude
That his theory is right, after all; but
In practice, — pouf!
There, there, General Corbin, is where
you're wrong. You've left out a vital
point In your deduction. You forgot to
grathor in the element of human nature
— which, the sods be praised — is beyond
the glacial touch of Uncle Sam or his
man-servants. And note the plucky
chaps who, right under the noses of the
department Gorgons, have asked sweet
maiderts to be theirs — and got "yes" for
an answer. And there are others on
tbe tapis. Mark you weli, these winter
hops at the Presidio are prunis-'-rr well
— a town girl in one affair, : army
m£id in another. But list to an im
pending sorrow, already has a pall
falfcn over the glad, pray post at Fort
Wright, whence Spokane derives
her gayest beaux, for its smart flings,
and that gives the Washington burg a
certailr tone of stability — not to say
elegance, which is rather a big adjec
tive for a little map-spot like Spokane.
And herewith is the deep sorrow. Lis
ten, men and maids, for after the Cor
bin bomb ye know not but the new or
der may alight among you a't your
own guid post. And 'tis this: "No offi.
ic.t "may atend dances or other social
functions save on Saturday nights and
hottdays."
Whevvl What a row was raised in
town*. The maids pronounced St a dia
bolical trick, designed to make their
winter sepulchral, and the officers
themselves — well, they don't say much,
audibly. They still continue to discuss
the situation inaudibly — which mode of
conversation is much in vogue in the
army. It's safe.
Sci there we are, with a new assault
upon society by its most picturesque
ally. Lucky the navy hasn't grown
busy laying down blue laws for its ex
ponent*. Let us hope it has bigger
things to do. And let us likewise hope
that the Presidio officers will not be as
tailed with the young-ladies'-seminary
rules that obtain up north: "T would be
a Bad blow to many fair maids we
know.
A dazzling week this, what with
teas, luncheons, dances and Christmas
trees. The following is a partial sum
mary. So many were there that the
Recording Angel must have missed
some, to why blame poor Sally?
MONDAY.
Mrs. A. S. Baldwin, hostess at a
luncheon in honor of Miss Marie Voor
hies.
Mrs. Rudolph Spreckels. hostess at
dinner; Miss Charlotte Wilson and
Miss Anita Harvey the guests of
honor.
Mies Gladys Deal, card party in
h*»nor of Miss Wopple of Los Angeles.
Among the guests were: Miss Wopple,
Miss Marie Wells, Miss Amy Gunn.
Miss Partridge, Miss Belknap, Miss
J ct>sle Fillmore, Miss Palmer, Miss
Marriner, Mrs. Frederick Spencer
Palmer, Mrs. Leonard Chenery, Mrs.
Ferdinand Stephenson. Mrs. Ralph
Karl, Mrs. Redmond Payne, Mrs.
Alexander Baldwin, Mrs. Sidney Part
ridge, Mrs. William James Cuthbert,
Jlrfc. John R. Wilson, Mrs. Bur well
While, Mrs. E. G. White, Mrs. Thomas
Benton Darragh. Mrs. Robert Greer,
Mrs. Clifton Macon and Mrs. Frederick
Clampett.
Mrs. Frederick Kohl, entertaining
at dinner; Rev. Father Sessnow of
Washington. D. C, the honored guest.
Among the guests were: Mr. and Mrs.
J. Downey Harvey, Edgar Mizner, Mr.
and Mrs. Samuel Knight and Mrs.
Reginald Brooke.-
TUESDAY.
Miss Mary Phelan, hostess at
luncheon in honor of Miss Marie Voor
hics. ■ , .
Mrs Joseph Anderson-Chanslor .and
Mrs. Frederic Wilson Kemble, .host
esses at a Christmas tea. Assisting In
receiving were: Mrs. W. S. Porter,
Mrs. William H. Taylor Jr., Mrs. Au
gustus Taylor, Mrs. James Follis, Mrs.
Latham McMullen, Mrs. William
Thomas, Miss Elsie. Kimble, Mrs.
Hopps, Mrs. Fred A. Jacobs, Mrs.
Frank Bates^ Mrs. F. F. Thomas, Mrs.
Ashton Potter, Miss Daisy Van Ness
and Mrs. Norris Davis.
Mrs. Edward Pond, bridge party at
her home on Gough street.
Mrs. Wakefield Baker, luncheon in
honor of Miss Helen Thomas, the
young fiancee. The guests were: Miss
Carol Moore, Miss Maisie Langhorne,
Miss Ursula Stone, Miss Margaret
Hyde-Smith, Miss Edna Davis, Miss
Helene Irwin, Miss Sybil Hodges, Miss
Helen Baker.
Edward M. Greenway, host at a din
ner given at the Pacific Union Club to
Joseph D. Redding. i:".*
Sequoia Club, reception to Miss Hal
lie Erminie Rives and Henry Malcolm
WEDNESDAY.
Mrs. Hyde-Smith, hostess at lunch
eon in honor of Miss Charlotte Wilson.
The charity ball at the St. Francis
for the benefit of the Nursery for.
Homeless Children.
• Mrs. Arthur Wallace, hostess at an
informal -tea.
Sliss Carolan. entertaining at a tea
in honor of Miss Natalie Coffin.
Miss Anna Frances Briggs, tea at
her studio at 639 Kearny street.
Mr. and Mrs. George C. Boardman,
entertaining at dinner.
Mr. and Mrs. Adolphus Graupner,
hosts at dinner.
Mrs. Charles Deering, hostess at
luncheon.-
Mr. and Mrs. William Gerstle, hosts
at dinner at the St. Francis, prior to
the charity ball.
Miss Marian Huntington, entertain
ing at an informal tea, assisted > by
I,1!fs Louise Redington, Miss Margaret
Wilson, Miss Ruth Allen, Miss Eliza
beth Allen and Mrs. Fraser. Miss
Marjorie Josaelyn, Miss Gertrude Jos
selyn. Miss Christine Pomeroy, Miss
Roma Paxton, Miss Dorothy Eels, Mrs.
John Franklin Babcock, Miss Lucy
Gwin Coleman, Miss Marjorie Gibbons,
Miss Florence Gibbons were among the
gay throng.
Mrs. Leslie Greeji, a tea in honor of
Mrs. Fred Bixby. Assisting, to re
ceive were Miss Katherine Bunnell,
Miss Muriel Ransome, Miss Elizabeth
Livermore, Mrs. Fred Fenwick, Mrs.
Ralph Phelps, Mrs. Will Olney. Mrs.
Will Thomas, Miss Maud Thomas, Miss
Nora Thomas, Miss Julita Canavan,
Miss Carol Day, Miss Viola Brainerd,
Miss Bertha Goodrich, Miss Kelsey
Theisen, Mrs. Walter Starr, Mrs. Louis
Ralston, Miss Jean Howard, Miss
Mary de Fremery, Miss Ransome, Miss
Bridges and Miss Headl
Mr. and Mrs. Edgar F. Preston,
hosts at dinner, after which the guests
attended the charity ball.
Mrs. Jablsh Clement, hostess at a
luncheon in honor of two bonny brides,
Mrs. .William Cuthbert and Mrs. Wil
liam Huie. Among the guests were
Mrs. Charles M. Dougherty, Mrs. Fred
erick Jacobs, Misses Maud and Lottie
Woods, Miss -Margaret Sinclair, Mrs.
William Watt, Miss Russella Ward,
Miss Eugenia . Hawesi Mrs. Sidney
Partridge. Miss Helen Partridge, Mrs.
George McAneny, Miss Elsie Marwedcl,
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL/' SUNDAY, DECEMBER 25. 1904.
Mrs. Arthur Spear, Mrs. Linda Bryan,
Miss Mary Hollister, Mrs. Frederick
Knight, Mrs. D. E. Allison. Miss Jennie
McMillan. Miss Clement, Mrs. W. O.
Clement, Mrs. Frederick Stolp.
Mrs. Charles Kincaid Harley, enter
taining at luncheon in honor of Miss
Paula Wolff, the fiancee of William
Humphreys.
Dance at Mare Island, in the sail loft,
to which the following guests were bid
den: . Rear Admiral and Mrs. Bowman
H. McCalla, Miss Lillie McCalla, Miss
Stella McCalla, Captain and Mrs.B. F.
Tilley, Ben Tilley. Captain and Mrs.
Franklin J. Drake, Commander and
Mrs. George B. Ransome, Lieutenant
Commander and Mrs. James H. Glen
non, Miss Isabel Glennon, Mrs. Ran
dolph Harrison, Mrs.J. J. Knapp, Med
ical Director James H. Waggoner, Pay
master and Mrs. David Potter, Pay In
spector Leeds C. Kerr, Lieutenant
Commander and Mrs. Henry C. Gear
ing, Miss Charlotte Gearing, Miss Mary
Turner, Captain William A. Burwell of
the United States receiving ship Inde
pendence, Mrs. Burwell, Miss Burwell,
Surgeon and Mrs. J. S. Taylor, Lieuten
ant and Mrs. Samuel L. Graham, Mrs.
T. T. Craven of Vallejo, Surgeon
Charles P. Kindelberger of the Inde
pendence, Mrs. Kindelberger, Assistant
Naval Constructor and Mrs. William
McEntee, Naval . Constructor
Mrs. Holden E. Evans, Lieu
tenant Leo M. Harding, U."
S. M. C. and Mrs. Harding. Miss Amy
Bheppley. Mrs. Randolph Sullivan. Mrs.
J. W. Philip. Mrs. R. M. Cutts, Lieuten
ant John W. McClaskey, U. S.M. C,
and Mrs. McClaskey, Mrs^ Theodore C.
Fehton of Vallejo; Medical Inspector
and Mrs. Manly H. Simons, Lieutenant
Alexander N. Mitchell of the United
States receiving ship Independence and
Mrs. Mitchell, Mrs. James H. Bull,
Pasot.d Assistant Paymaster Mrs.
1. T. llagner, Surgeon and Mrs. Charles
P. Bagg. Passed Acsistant Surgeon and
Mrs. Charles S. Smith, Mrs. McDougal,
Miss Caroline McDougal, Mrs. Rous
seau, Civil Engineer Harry H. Rous
seau. Mrs. John T. Myers, Paymaster
M. K. Goldsborough of the United
Stales receiving ship Independence, As
sistant . Civil Engineer Frederic H.
Cook, Chaplain and Airs. A. A. McAl
lister. Miss Williams, Lieutenant .Earl
H. Ellis, U.*.S. M. C; Lieutenant Fred
A. Udell, Lieutenant Commander Rob
ert F. Lopez of the torpedo flotilla, Miss
Williamson,* Ensign Stanley Woods of
the submarine boats, the captain' and
officers of the Russian cruiser Lena and
the United States ships at the yard
and others.
THURSDAY.
Mrs. Hyde-Smith, with Miss Mar
garet and Miss Gertrude, hostesses at
luncheon, in honor of ■ Miss Maisee
Langhorne.
"Five Hundred" Club, composed of
officers and ladies of the Tenth Inf an-,
try and the Fourth Cavalry, playing at
the'mess/hall of the Tenth Infantry.
Miss Edith Simpson, hostess at. a"
luncheon at her home on Pacific ave
nue. ..'
Mrs.H. E. Huntington,' hostess at a
theater party in honor of Miss Marie
Voorhies and her fiance, Captain
Haldemann P. Young. %zftS&i
' FRIDAY.- •
: Friday'Night dance, under the clever
■guidance of Edward' M. Greenway,
which proved the feature of an un
quiet week. Long will that jdance live
in the memory as a monument to folly,
rightly met. It was a merry stunt, and
a fancy dress ball in spirit as well as
In feature.
*'{[■' SATURDAY.
Mrs. James H. Follis, hostess at a
children's party in honor of her wee
son, Ralph Gwin Follis.
Presidio hoD, at the Officers' Club.
Mrs. Charles Austin Coolidge, enter
taining at a tea, Miss E'sa Draper, the
guest of honor.
One of the most attractive affairs of
last week' was the tea ot t Mrs. Squire
Varick Mooney, whose beautiful new
home is admirably adapted to enter
taining. Mrs.' Mooney ts one of the
clever members of the Cap and Bells,
whose theatrical "stunts" "are really
very clever. w~'*t;' : -'
Lucky Miss Harmes, to be chosen
maid to so charming a : bride as Miss
Gertrude Dutton! January 11 is the
day whereupon Josiah Howell will be
made a happy chap. Did any one ever
behold two such ideal lovers as this
pair? 'Tis said that every bachelor in
the Bohemian Club is afflicted, in some
degree, with the love bacillus, contract-,
ed. they avow, from Mr. Howell. But
that's good news! There "are some
mighty nice chaps in the club. And
that's all flub-dub about clubmen not
making good husbands. True, they
wander out o' nights now and then,
and occasionally have difficulty with
the latch key, but their nourished wit.
their knowledge of affairs and their
widened horizon of life make them in
teresting companions. And it is inter
est — pure, and simple— that feeds the
fires of domestic happiness, just as
dullness is the fire-damp of the hearth. :
• - • ■ . - •
Although so generously feted in her
home borough, Miss Azalea Keyes
long? for the allurements abroad. And
small' wonder, for in Paris the pretty
maid has been marvelously happy in
the gray environment, even as have
others of her townsfolk.
After much debating with her, de
voted mamma, Mrs.. Luke Robinson,
Miss Bernadette has left Paris and
returned to. Rome, where she will
reign one more winter a little queen
in the army set. Next spring will 'see'
her home, lest indeed she be cajoled
into becoming a. Florentine. Strange
whisperings from over the seas are
wafted to me. But surely, the pretty
•maid . with the sunset hair, and the
midnight eyes will come .back to us,
even though it be but for a visit.
• "" *. ' '•" •
While every city boast's., more or
less', Tof- its, amateur -theatrical talent,
it is; not of tan that the "talent" dare
essay, anything of rea.1 worth to : be
presented before' a critical audience.
We have among us, however, ah ag
' gregatlon of people who by gift and
training are really, fitted to offer some
.thing as good as "The 'Liars," by Hen
ry * Arthur Jones. T1J£ -'Naval Club
house at Vallejo" is an abode which
l-wlll soon be the gainer by a benefit:
• Under the auspices of Admiral and Mrs.;
McCalla an arrangement has 'been"
- made with the Columbia Theater
management for a matinee to bo giv
en; there in January by a clever cast
of £ performers, taken . from smart set
'ranks.
A LUCKY MAID WHO WILL, SERVE A BONNY BRIDE. A CLEVER MATRON
WHO ENTERTAINED AT A LARGE TRA LAST WEEK AND A MAIDEN
WHO LEAVES SOON FOR THE CONTINENT.
The players, with their respective
impersonations, are as follows: Sir
Christopher, Dr. J. Wilson Shiels;
Falkner, Lloyd Lowndes; Gilbert Ne
peau, H. McD. Spencer; George Ne
pcau, Thomas Eastland"; Freddie Tat
ton, William Smith; Archie Coke. R.
M. Hotaling: French waiter, Royden
■Williamson; Lady Jessica, Miss Fran
ces Jolliffe; Lady Rosamund, Mrs.
Mark Gerstle; Dolly Coke. Mrs. Frank
Mathieu; Beatrice Ebernoe, Mrs. J.
Wilson Shiels; Mrs. Creshin, Mrs. H.
McD. Spencer.
Mrs. Eleanor Martin, Mrs. B. H.
McCalla, Mrs. Herbert Folger and
Mrs. George Dutton will act as pat
ronesses.
Mr. and Mrs. Whitelaw Reid, who
have just returned to their New York
home, are preparing to give a large
dance in honor of their daughter. Jean
Reid, on January 20. This will be
one of: the leading society events of
the New York season.
* * *
Mrs. Charles Glenn of Jacinto is
at the Lick with her sister, Miss Ger
trude Bates. Mr. Glenn is one of the
owners of the famous Glenn ranch of
Colusa County.
Mr. and Mrs. Le Grande Canon Tib
betts are in California and will spend
the holidays and part- of .the winter
with Mrs. Ellen Folser in Oakland.
* * *
Dr. and Mrs. George Franklin Shiels
are located at the Westminster in New
York andare very much pleased with
their surroundings and outlook. .
■. • ■ - ■_ • •
Miss Pearl Seeley has returned to her
home, in Los Angeles. She visited for
several weeks in San Francisco and
was widely entertained, part of the
time being ;the guest of Miss Jessie
Fillmore. _ m
* • • ' ;
Mr., and Mrs. Sterling Postley will
entertain* Mr. and Mrs. Clarence Post
ley this winter.
: ''".-"■-'• •■. •
Richard Young, a brother of Captain
■ Haldimand, Putnam Young,, is
guest'of Captain and Mrs. A.' H^ Voor T
hies on . California street.
• "■-*•
The coming wedding of. Miss Jessie
.Burns and ' : Horatio F."StoH' is -a mat
ter^ of . interest to musical .and' society
folk. Miss Burns is well known for
her ability as a pianist, having applied
herself most thoroughly in the study
of music and is often a participant in
the high class programmes of profes
sionals. The fair bride-to-be has a
charming personality that holds about
her many warm friends." Mr. Stoll
is well-known as the city editor
of the Argonaut. Their marriage will
take place on January 12, at 8:30, in
Calvary Presbyterian Church. .
The return of Henry St. George Hop
kins and his bride is a pleasant bit of
news for their friends. They were
mairied on October IS, in the Church
of the Advent, by Rev. Father Lathrop.
The wedding was a noon affair and the
ceremony performed in the presence of
several friends. The bride was Mrs.
Mary Frances Walton of Baltimore,
Maryland, and Mr. Hopkins is the son
of Commodore E. Hopkins, formerly of
Ross Valley. Mr. and Mrs. Hopkins
have been on an extensive wedding
jctiruey ail through California and are
now domiciled at the Palace, where
they will receive their friends.
Mrs. John B. Tallant and Miss El
sie Tallant have taken the charming
flat of Judge and Mrs. Cabaniss, at
Broadway and Filbert street, and
will reside there after the New Year.
Judge and Mrs. Walter Cope have
bought the home of Mr. and Mrs.
John W. Valentine, on Union street.
The Valentines leave in January for
New York, where their future home
is to be.
Captain and Mrs. Guy V. Henry of
the Fourth Cavalry, Pre3ldio, are en
tertaining Mrs. Henry's parents.
Colonel and Mrs. Lowery, of Fort
Leavenworth, Kansas.
Alexander Pollock/brother of Miss
Adelaide Pollock, was married to
Mrs. Isabel Lockwood in New York
on December 7. Mr. Pollock is a
member of the University Club and is
well .known here.- The home of the
newly married couole will be in Den
ver, where Mr. Pollock has settled
business interests.
; The friends of Mrs. M. H. de Young
and Miss Constance and Miss Helen*
de Young are welcoming them home.
TheDe Youngs will do no entertain
ing this winter on account of a recent
family bereavement.
Miss Margaret Wilson is home after
a visit to Southern California.
:Mrs. Winpratc Lake of Honolulu,
has' almost; brought her visit to San
Francisco to a .close. She has been
widely entertained, and her friends
regret to ha**e her leave so soon. J
Mr. and Mrs. Augustus Macdonald
will give a large dinner dance on New
Year's eve at the Claremont Country
Club.
Rear Admiral Terry. Mrs. Terry
and Miss Eleanor Terry are in Hong
kong and expect to leave soon for In
dia^ After a tour through Europe
the Terrys will arrive in "Washing
ton, D. C. their home, next spring.
Mrs. Kip has arrived in Southern
California from Kansas City, where she
has been visiting her son-in-law and
daughter, Dr. and Mrs. Robinson. Mr.
Kip has gone south and after spending
the holidays in that part of the State.
Mr. and Mrs. Kip will return to San
Francisco.
Major Gillette and Captain "Wren
celebrated their birthdays, which fell
on the same date last Monday evening.
The event took place at the •home of
Captain and Mrs. "Wren on Van Ness
avenue, and was a most delightful
though Informal affair.
Mr. and Mrs. Morton Mitchell, who
have been living In Paris for some
years, are on their way to this city for
a visit. They have arrived in New
#Tork, where they will spend the winter,
and will reach San Francisco some
time next spring.
Mrs. Bourn and Miss Ida Bourn
have been entertaining Miss Nannie
Rogers at their country home near St.
Helena. The weather has been delight
ful for an outing, even this time of
year, an* they have had a fascinating
visit.
Miss Lily Hathaway will leave on the
Mongolia on December 28, to visit Mr.
and Mrs. William R. Castle In Hono
lulu.
The two daughters of Mrs. Robert
P. Troy, the Misses Hortense and Es
telle White, have returned home from
an extended trip abroad and will b«
with their mother this winter at her
home on Bush st.
The Emile Bruguleres sojourn-
Ing through the holidays at their Mon
terey home, after a prolonged trip
through the East.
Mrs. T. Nathans-Moore of "White
Plains. N. Y., is spending the winter at
the St. Francis. Recently Mrs. Nath
ans-Moore entertained a number of
friends in rather a novel manner. To
celebrate her birthday, she asked about
twenty guests to luncheon in the green
room. Before each guest dangled n.
fantastic figure, like a Brownie, each
one weighting a balloon sufficiently to
keep them from floating away. This
caused much amusement and then
there was the regulation birthday cake
with all the accessories, thimble, ring,
etc. The merriment increased with
each new. surprise and the friends
were most highly entertained by th«
unique preparations. Mrs. Nathans-
Moore Is a well-known society woman
of Eastern cities.
Miss Alice Sprague is making a pro
longed visit in the southland, where
she went some time ago to be the guest
of her brother and sister-in-law, Mr.
and Mrs. Benjamin Sprague. Miss
Sprague will remain away over the
holidays.
Commander and Mrs. C. B. T. Moore
left on Thursday for Tutuila, Samoa.
The Governorship, which has been filled
by Commander Underwood, will now be
assumed by Commander Moore.
EMOTIONAL GOWNS GIVKX :
NX3IKS BY ELINOR GL.YX
Appellations Supplied for Tier Sister's
Creations by the English
Author.
LONDON, Dec. 24.— It is not general
ly known that Elinor Glyn, who wrote
"The Visits of Elizabeth." ia responsi
ble for a series of appellations which
added considerably to the; gaycty of
nations, not long ago. This was when
Lady Duff Gordon, who trades as a
milliner under the name of "Lucile. "
gave her famous exhibition of "emo
tional gowns" in Bond street. The ti
tles given to these weird creations were
startling. One was called, "The Dirga
O'er the Death of Pleasure," another
"A , Frenzied Song of "'Amorous
Things." Still others were "Incessant
Soft . Desire," "The Red Mouth of a
Venomous Flower" and "The Meaning
of Life Is Clear.'?
Every' one wondered who was the au
thor of these designations, but no one
thought of Elinor Glyn, forgetting,
perhaps, that the author and Lady
Duff Gordon are sisters. However. &
friend let the secret out.TITLED YOUTH WILL
GO TO PARLIAMENT
Lord Tumour, Oxford Student, Elected
Labor Leader Also Chosen
LONDON. Dec. 24.— Two Parliamen
tary bye-elections have just taken
I'lace which are of, more than passing
interest because of the striking con
;rasts presented by the successful can
didates and the exhibitions they afford
pf the diverse conditions under which
••ntrance to the House of Commons is
'obtained. One of the new members is
a 6elf-taught, self-made man of the
people; the other, a stripling of a Lord,
\\HoBe sole claim to distinction at pres
ent is that he has more influential ti
tled relatives than any other' youth in
the kingdom.
At "West Monmouth. in Wales. Thom
as Richards, a labor candidate, was
*leeted to fill the vacancy created by
ihe death of the former member. Sir
William Harcourt. At Horsham. in
Sussex, Viscount Tumour won a vic
tory for the Conservative party.
Richards is forty-nine years old. He
received little, schooling as a youngster
and at twelve years of age was set to
work in a colliery. He employed his!
scanty leisure to repair the defects of
.Wf limited education, but from ex
perience he learned far more than from
book*. He won leadership among his
fellow workmen in the coal fields by his
superior ability and the confidence in- i
f-jired by his sterling integrity. !
in labor troubles with the owners of j
thfe-coal mines he was frequently put
;'< :rw*ard as the spokesman of the wage
• air.ers. b,m his influence was invari
ably exercised on the side of restraint
r~uber •nan of incitement. As a labor
leader he is distinguished by his mod- ]
'••-ation: as a speaker, by his mastery
f facts. Since 1902 he has been gen
eral secretary of the Miners' Federa
i!»-n—one of the most important labor
i rp&riizati'T.- in the country, compris
■injr-HWXW adult members and affecting
itxe livelihood of a quarter of a million
people:
■ His .friends have good grounds for
\h*\r claim that few men are better
qualified to sit in Parliament as a
?~S'!V-entative of the great wage-earn
ing.dass.
•' Jl ST PAST TWKN TV-O.VE.
On theory of representative gov
fjrjment— unless it includes schoolboys
;is fiititled to legislative representation
-"- .it would be difflcult to find a man less j
.qualified for a seat in Parliament than i
: Lord Tumour, the heir of the Earl of j
"Yfnterton, who sits in the House of
l.:-rds. H" may amount to a great deal
'fn'me d'ay — at present he is still going
to school, being an undergraduate at
• ; xfor<9. His twenty-first birthday
y,n< celebrated only last April. With
• it his s=<<cial position he would not
have stood a. chance of. even receiving
» nomination.
Hh is a grandson of th* first Duke
r.f Abercorp and of the sixth Duke of
Bedford, liis jrrandmother is the ven
erable Duchess of Abercorn, the doy-,
► nn*> of the British peerage. He is a
nephew of thf Marquis and Marehto
i!ess» of Lansdowne, of the Duke and
Duchess of Hucc'eugh. of Harriet,
Grantee* of Lichfleld and the Marchio
ness <rf Clandford. and has aristocratic
cousins innumerable.
.. To make things easy for him a Con
servative stronghold was chosen for
hi.*- political debut, and tremendous so
cial influence nas exerted to help pull
him through. Titled families placed
««ver a score of motor-cars at his dis
loyal* for canvassing; purposes, and no
. limit tras placed on his election ex
pen-e-. "Vhpn the result of the poll
v.&n announced the Ilipht Hon. Arthur
BaWcur telegraphed his congratula
tioiuj »<"> Ixird Tumour, and promised to
j>r*-s-=-nt him toUh*> House of Commons
when Parliament reassembled.
. BABY OF THE COMMONS. '
He will be known there as the
••b?*by," the unofficial title always run
f*rr*»d on the youngest member. The
spectacle ofjthe Prim*» Minister proudly
inTroduoinj? the youthful lordling, who
.reaped to be a legal Infant only a few
rwonth" ago. ae a fit and well -qualified
•j.'ersou to legislate for the greatest em
pire on tarth will be an astonishing
one.
The election of l»rd Tumour is a
-Hiking illustration, which might be
paralleled by a score of others, of the
failure of popular suffrage in England
to realize the sanguine expectations of
its advocates that it would result in
alerting to Parliament the men best
fitted to represent the various classes of
th« nation.' Had not Tom Richards
fv.ind a vacancy In a constitutency in
v'hich he was well known, and the la
•hor vo"te well organized, he would prob
-.Hy 'never have succeeded in getting
Into Parliament.
<<*>rJ tijp other hand, I»rd Tumour, de
ppite hi? manifest unfitness, because of
his youth and inexperience, would have
had to wait no longer than the next
R-eneral election to have obtained the
of a dozen constituencies where
th-? same influence- would have assured
hiR return.
I»rd Rosebery's heir. Lord Dalmeny,
the Earl of Aberdeen's eldest son, the
Knr\ nf Dartmouth's first-born, and
-c«n«> half-dozen other sona of peers, not
much older than Lord Tumour, and
equally larking in the experience that
would fit them for membership in the
House of Commons, have announced
their intention of runmng for Parlia
ment. The way will be made easy for
th?m: family and social influence will
rallv to their -upport, and most of
th~m <vill undoubtedly get fn.
LABOR'S FEEBLE VOICE.
It is a Fingular fact that there are
fewer representatives of the wage
earnlnsr class in the British Parliament
than in '.be Parliament cf any con
tinental nation where Popular suffrage
exfsts. All told there are not more
than ten of them, while in the German
Reichstag- therr are something like
eighty. "The paucity of their number
cannot be attributed to their lack of
ability. They have all of them far
more brains than the average member
cf Parliament, and none of them is a
demagogue. There are something like
two score scions of the peerage in Par
liament, but ff the best of them were
picked out for the purpose it is doubt
ful if they could furnish a. team of
equal number-, that judged by any
standard of practical capacity would
pass muster with such men as John
Burns, Henry Broadhurst. Thomas
Burt, Will Crooks and the rest of the
doughty little band who hold briefs for
labor in the House of Commons.
Lords figure in every Cabinet, but
never a labor representative. An un
dersecretaryship is the highest official
honor ever bestowed on them, and only"
two of them have ever attained to that
dignity— Broadhurst and Burt. Young:
Lord Tumour will stand an infinitely
better chance of receiving a Parlia
mentary office than Tom Richards.
Aristocratic influence counts for as
much inside the House as outside of it,
especially under the Cecil regime.
POSITION AS A LUXURY.
The fact that members of Parliament
are unpaW is alone sufficient to place
extremely narrow restrictions on labor
representation, or the election of poor
men. however able. ' When • labor or
ganizations succeed in getting one of
their number elected to Parliament
they have to. subscribe money enough
to enable him to live while performing
his legislative duties. Of course there
are methods by which a member may
recoup himself for the lack of salary.
The most common and popular is the
acceptance of directorships in various
joint stock companifs in which the
magic letters "M. P." carry great
weight with the share-subscribing pub
lic and are liberally paia for.
Many aristocratic names appear
among these "guinea pig" directors, as
they are termed, but no iabor member,
despite the temptations of his poverty,
has ever besmirched his honor by such
associations. Xor has this been due to
any lack of opportunity. More than
once John Burns has been offered $2500
a year to allow his name to be used as
a director of some company dealing In
commodities that sell largely among
the working classes.
Laws against corruption are very
Ftringent, but for all tnat ihe "sack"
counts for quite as much in politics
here as in America, though in a some
what different fashion.
. -MAINLY FOR THE RICH.
The "finest club in the jvorld," as
the House of Commons has been
termed, is essentially a rich man's club.
There are far more wealthy men in it
than in Congress, and with many of
them — one might say with most of
them — it is to their wealth they owe
their election. They make themselves
"t-olid" with their constituencies by
spending: money freely in local char
ities, social organizations and football
and cricket club?.
Not long ago a member of Parliament
resigned because he frankly acknowl
edged he could no longer stand the ex
pense it entailed. There are over a
hundred members of the House of
Commons who figure in the Parliamen
tary directory as "country gentlemen."
which is an extremely large representa
tion for a very limited class. Most of
them have never earned their own liv
ings; "have no knowledge of business,
and would probably cut sorry figures
if suddenly turned adrift in the world
and thrown on tneir own resources.
Radicals predict that before many
years elapse members of Parliament
will be paid, and that with freer oppor
tunities given tb ability brainier men
will be elected, and rank and social in
fluence will not count for near as much
as they do now. It may be so, but the
signs of such a change are not ap
parent. The fact is that there is a
great amount of snob-worship among
the middle classes, and servility among
the lower, and while they exist the
way will he made easy for the lord and
the snuire to get into Parliament with
or without brains.
AMERICAN PEEK WILL SOOX
* RETURN TO THIS COUNTRY
L.ord Fairfax Finds the Simplicity of
the Western World More, to
His Liking. '
LONDON, Dec. 24.— Lord Fairfax,
the representative of that Maryland
family which has long held a Scotch
peerage, is looking forward with pleas
ant anticipations to his speedy re
turn to the land of his birth, where
he will be able to assume once more
the simple dignity of a plain American
citizen who recognizes to the full his
obligations to make a living himself.
His business mission, in connection
with some American banking institu
tion, has been far from successful. The
fault was probably none of his, for
money is scarce in these days and
British capitalists are very shy of mak
ing foreign Investments. Apparently
those who sent him here thought that
his title would attract people to the
scheme he represented. If anything
it has had quite the contrary effect. So
many scandals have resulted of late
years between the association of coro
nets and commercial ventures that
the public generally refuses to% bite at
the company promoter's hook when it
is baited with a peerage.
For his title Lord Fairfax really
eeems to care not a jot. He has so long
lived in America as plain Albert Kirby
Fairfax that he has no notion how to
assume the airs that are here supposed
to be the appropriate and necessary
accompaniment of it. He prefers
"Mr." to "My Lord," but people have
insisted on giving him the full benefit
of his title. At the swell functions,
which he found it. impossible to shirk,
he always looked bored and much out
of his natural element among those
with whom fashionable frivolity con
stituted the chief business of life.
A cynical critic remarked that it is a
great pity Lord Fairfax cannot take
back with him a shipload of youn?
titled idlers that in America they might
undergo transformation into useful
wage-earners like himself. Lord Fair
fax's visits to EnglaiKi seem associated
with failures. /
■ When all the peers of the realm were
being rounded up to grace, the corona
tion of King Edward VII he crossed the
Atlantic and had a costly set of peer's
robes made for him. but the King's ill
ness and the consequent postponement
of the coronation compelled his return
to America before he had had an'op
portunity to make a public appearance
in them. ,
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. DECEMBER 25,, 1904.
HEIR TO VAST
IRISH ESTATE
Big Celebration Held Upon
Coming of Age of the Son
of the Earl of Kilmorey
WORTHY OF FORTUNE
iscoimt ISewry Said to Be
Favored With Good Looks
and a Strong Character
LONDON, Dec. 24.— In every way^a
lucky youth, and one who seems >to
deserve his good fortune, is Viscount
Newry, the eldest son of the Earl and
Countess of Kilmorey, whose coming of
age has just been celebrated with much
rejoicing and lavish hospitality at the
family seat, Mourne "Park, County
Down, Ireland, where the major por
tion of the broad ancestral acre,s are
situated. Tenants, friends and local
authorities have overwhelmed the
young heir and his parents with con
gratulations and gifts. The festivities
were kept up for a week, servants and
tenants sharing freely in the good time.
The Viscount's father is a fine, stal
wart, virile type of the aristocrat; his
mother is one of the stateliest, tallest
and handsomest women in the peerage,
and from them he has inherited a good
figure, a sound constitution, strength
and good looks, and brains enough to
steer clear of the pitfalls that beset
wealth and rank.
He is a lieutenant in the First Life
Guar.ds, the swellest regiment in the
British army, where many scions of
titled houses have first learned to "go
the pace." Young Lord Newry, has left
cards alone — takes his profession seri
ously, and is popular with his brother
officers. He gives himself no airs, and
is one of the unspoiled favorites of
society. '
Matrimonially he is a good catch, for
some day he will inherit 44,000 acres in
Ireland. 2000 in En'gland and a town
residence in addition to the Irish man
sion. The report circulated some time
ago that he was engaged to Miss Lulu
Pfizer. a - daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
Charles Pfizer of New York, appears
to have been unfounded. As the family
is not an impecunious one he is not
under the" necessity of hunting up an
American heiress, but that is no reason
why he should not wed an American
girl some day.
The Earl of Kilmorey is one of .'the
representative peers of Ireland, but he is
a Protestant and the family is of Eng
lish origin, springing from William de
Nedham, who was Lord of Staunton in
3102. Though a keen sportsman he is
also a man of scholarly accomplish
ments and an M. A. of Oxford. He
v.as a member of Parliament* for some
years before he succeeded to the family
heritage. What he most prides him
self on is the fact that he has never
had any trouble* with his tenant?,
which is a rare record for an, Irish
landlord. The Countess is equally pop
ular with the tenants and takes sin
active interest in the promotion of
peasant industries.
Til I EI"S INGENIOUS PLAN
SIX3ILED BY THE POLICE
Purchasers of Christmas Gifts Saved
From Heavy I.ow* J>y Gotham
Ofliifr*
NEW YORK, Dec. 24. — An ingeni
ous plan for robbing persons who had
purchased expensive Christmas gifts
from big jewelry houses in this city,
the police say, was disclosed to-day by
the arrest of William Roseman for the
authorities of Atlantic City, N. J.
no-emaii -Is charged with grand lar
ceny in connection v.ith the theft of
$075 worth of diamonds from the
Adams Express Company at Atlantic
City.
According to the police Roseman's
plan was to loiter around the big
jewelry stores, and. overhearing a sale
being made, take the names and ad
dresses of the purchases, lie in wait
for the messenger and receipt for the
package when delivery was made.
AFTER FORTY' LONG YEARS
, GOVERNMENT PAYS DEBT
Officer of Civil War Receives Check
for $3 55 due Him on Servant's
Clothing Allowance.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., Dec.
2J. — General Linus E. Sherman of this
city, past department commander of
the Grand Army of the Re
public for Colorado and Wyom
ing, to-day received a warrant
for $3 55 for a debt which the Gov
ernment has owed him for forty years.
It was a war settlement warrant for
his servant's clothing allowance for
March 19, 1865, which is paid as a re
sult of a readjustment of claims upon
which General Sherman received $75
several years ago.
HOLIDAYS AT PASO ROBLES.
Only $7.20 for the Round Trip.
Whoever -pends the holiday sea~on at Paso
Robles may be sure of enjoying every moment. \
Fine drive- through lovely country, hot mud
and other mineral baths, unsurpassed service
and culiine at Hotel Kl Pa-o de Robles, and
bright eua*hlne and fresh, invigorating moun
tain air. Tat round-trip rate of $7.30 from San
Francis 20 affords a splendid chance for a fine
holiday trip. Ask Southern Pacific agents. • -
SKCOND ATTEMIT MADE
TO DESTROY A FOUNDRY
j Plant of Newport Machine Company
Shaken by Terrific Explosion
of Dynamite.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, Dec. 24. — An
other attempt was made during the
night to blow up the Newport Foundry
j and Machine Company's plant at New
: port. Ivy. The entire building- was
shaken by a terrific explosion of dyna
mite. The dynamite was dropped near
a fence and consequently little dam
age was done. The explosion was
! heard all over the city.
IF YOU ARE LOOKING
For any kind of a Musical .In-
strument, from a jewsharp to
a piano, consult the Musical \ In-
strument Colnmn of .THE CAL"*/
You will' find reliable dealers
there.
OPENS HER PURSE
FOR THE POOR.
M rs. bpender- L lay Befriends
People of Husband s Town.
A. D. Loney Leaves Eng "land for
France for the Holidays.
LONDON, Dec. 24.— Mrs. Spender-
Clay's influence over her husband is
commencing to assert itself.' already.
The captain's chief income is desired
from the town of Burton-on-Trent,
where he owns much land besides be
ing one of the principal shareholders
In. Bass' brewery, but there is no evi
dence that he has ever, taken much in
terest in the town or its people. The
condition of the poor during the hard
winters always aroused the sympathy
of Miss^ Pauline Astor. but her bene
factions were usually.confined to the
East End of London. •
Since her marriage she has been to
Burton-on-Trent for , the first time,
and was shown over the huge brewery
by Lord Burton. She afterward, visit
ed some of the poorer districts of the
town where she witnessed squalgr quite
equal to anythingshe had seen in the
worst parts {of London. One or two
cases that needed immediate relief she
assisted there, and then with her own
hands.
Since that visit parcels, of clothing
and tickets for groceries and coal have
been distributed among a of
poor widows whose husbands have died
In the. service of the brewery. Cap
tain Spender-Clay has been seen more
frequently in the district since his mar
riage and he. too, now shows a decided
interest in charitable societies and or
ganizations throughout the town. It is
feared among clergymen and others
who are interested in the London poor
that Burton-pri-Trent's gain will be
London's loss. •
LKAVKS HANDSOME HOME.
When A. D. Loney of New "York ac- |
quired Willoughby Hall, in Northam-.
tonshlre. he thought that he found an
id*al residence! He* had previously
tried several places in Scotland and
England without discovering what he
really wanted. .. He has spent much
money on the new "residence in order to
render it equal to modern domestic re
quirements, and this week foundthat
the severity, of the English winter
would not permit him to spend Christ
mas there. He has removed his fam
ily to the south of France.'' and it is
somewhat doubtful whether they will
again return to Willoughby.
The sudden decision of Loney has
caused ihuch disappointment among. a
number of his friends because exten
sive preparations had been made to
have a 'fashionable party at the hall
for the Christmas festivities. A large
staff of servants has been disbanded;
but each member has been generously
treated, so that there will be no im
mediate necessity for them to swell the
ranks of the unemployed. %"."
Some of the local trades people feel
Loney's removal keenly because since
he has been in the neighborhood he
has made it a rule to support local
trade and industry as much as pos
sible. London stores were scarcely
drawn upon for anything, which is con
trary to the rule practiced by fashion
able people living in large country
mansions. Some persons living in the
neighborhood believe that Loney may
yn decide to keep the mansion as a
summer residence. Nothing has yet
been disposed of. A man has been en
gaged to look after the place for the
time being.
COLD ENGLISH HOUSES. .
This is the season when the much
vaunted open-prate* fire of the average
English home proves a delusion and a
snare, and one yearns for the comfort
of the American stove or steam radia
tor.
Only the most' modern and preten
tious of English houses make any provi
sion for heating the whole house. To
one who is rioTTramiliarAvith the simi
larity of English habits to the laws of
the Medes and Persians, this national
adherence to archaic methods would
appear amazing. The annual waste of
fuel in England is something prodigi-_
ou-jj^—THa— «•—
Idoes not understand • in order to". Jm- j
(press you with the of her
intellect. But she never really > inir
jpresses any one who / has once seen
ithrough and realized the astonishing j
self-consciousness which distinguishes !
jthe women of the 'greatest republic i
Jon earth." " . BSSftj
I" There is a French saying to the effect
that "you must suffer to be beautiful."
Its truth has been strikingly shown by
a lady's maid in Paris, who has just
revealed the secret of her mistress'
beauty. To attain it she endured.mar
tyrdom for a year. During the morn
ings she lay fiat on her back on. the
floor. This was to Improve her figure.
The afternoons she spent on a high
stool, swaying her body about from the
hips. This treatment was supposed to
make . her graceful "and beautify the
contour of. her waist and throat. .
Nature had bestowed on her a sky
tilted nose, but it was made Grecian
by the application of a spring bandage
to it night. and day for months. One
nostril was larger than another. The
constant use of a pad increased the
size of the smaller one. until they were
a well matched pair. Her cheeks,
which were too thin, were filled out by
injections ot paraffUi. Her ears were
compressed against the sides of her
head by springs until their bat's wing
tendencies had been overcome. Heavy
weights Mere attached to the lobes to
produce the. desh-ed elongated shape.
Now she is considered a pretty woman.
And she considers it well worth the
price «he has paid for it.
.\N ODD LONDON CLUB.
There are many queer clubs in Lon
don, but probably the oddest is that
which dined the other night at the
Whitehall rooms. "Nobody's Friends" is
a quaint title, a phrase nardly sugges
tive of cxclusiveness and distinction.
Yet it includes among its members Ar
thur Balfour, Prime Minister; the two
Primates of England— the Archbishop
of ' Canterbury and the Archbishop of
York — half a dozen bishops, tha Lord
Chief Justice and five or six lesser Jus
tices, beside various other notables.
Its name does not remotely suggest
its origin or. purpose. In the last quar
ter of the eighteenth century there
flourished one William Stevens, who at
tained fortune as a hosier and fame as
a theologian by the publication of an
essay in defense of those pillars of the
English church, the thirty-nine articles.
In lsOO.he issued a theological brochure
signed "Ain," which is Hebrew for "no
body," and Nobody's Club was
founded to commemorate its versatile
author. •' -■' :
Except among antiquarians Stevens
and his works have long been forgotten
and undoubtedly the club would many
years ago have shared the same fate
but for one of its articles or incorpora
tion, by which its members pledged
themselves to dine together thrice a
year.; That bond of union has kept it
alive for. 104^ years and may continue it
In existence for another century or
two.
RUBBER TIRE COMBINE
IS SUED FOll DAMAGES
Plaintiff Manufacturer Alleges a Yio-
la t ion of the. Sherman Anti-
Tmst Law.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, Dec. 24.—
Eleven rubber tire manufacturing con
cerns, comprising: the so-called rub
ber tire combine, were made defend
ants in the United States Court to-day
by a suit filed by the Mulford Rub
be:- Tire Company of Atlanta, Ga. The
suit is for damages under the Sher
man anti-trust law, the plaintiff claim
ing the defendants have Injured the
company's business to the extent of
$19,500. The suit is for $59,100. three
times the amount of the damage-, in
accordance with the Sherman law.
MOTHER AND UARE DIE
IN SMALLPOX HOSPITAL
Four Deaths .in Pcsthouse Cast Chill
Over the Christmas Celebration
Planned by Unfortunnte.<*.
CHICAGO, Dec. 24. — Four deaths in
the Isolation Hospital to-day broke
the record for the institution and cast
■pnp"r"Uy~mail tlici-e~ivlll.be an
! additional charge of 25e to pre-
paj /cxpressnjjc. i We also have
on linnd * a . few copies of "Wild
Animals I J." Have Met," thor-
oughly descriptive : of the whole
animal kingdom, on the same
terms. Order now. - as ■ our sup-
ply is limited.
YANKEES PREY
OF GRAFTERS
American Sharpers in Lon
don Lie in Wait There for
Their Fellow Countrymen
WORK VARIOUS SCHEMES
Generally Seek to Secure
Loan by Telling a Well
Learned Hard Luck Story
LONDON, Dec. 24. — Probably few of
the people from the United States,
who have visited London this season,
have escaped a meeting with one or
more of the little clique of American
"grafters" here, who make fellow
countrymen their victims. Those of
them, who, by frequent encounters
have become well known to Americans,
are wearing- a prosperous air, from
which one would conclude that the sea
son-has been well spent.
One of the cleverest of these men ia
a dark-complexioned, quiet-voiced
young American of medium height and
poor but respectable appearance who
stops travelers anywhere between
Fleet street and Hyde Park corner to
tell them how, by becoming stranded
somewhere in the provinces, a theatri
cal troupe left him with barely enough
money to reach London. He makes his
distress so real that the tourist's hand
goes down into his pocket in almost
every case. On Sundays when there
are few Americans about the streets,
this individual haunts the British Mu
seum, the picture galleries and any
free exhibitions that may be open.
Another of th«se "grafters" is bare
ly five feet two in height, solidly built
and invariably wears a broad-brimmed
soft hat. For two years he has "just
been discharged from Buffalo Bill's
show-" and he has an excellent story
about waiting for money from home
for which he has written.
Of American "confidence men" there
are many in London, especially during
th^ summer and autumn when visitor
are plenty. Their usual method is to
follow a traveler about until he "signs"
for a registered Jetter. or money order
at a no3tofficp. when, his name and
poFSibly his city ascertained hy look
ing over his shoulder, he is accosted,
"glad-handed" and frequently "done."
Americans who would be vary enough
at home seem to be off their guard
while on their travels and scraping ac
quaintances with them is a compara
tively easy matter.
A particularly successful member of
the gang of American grafters In Lon
don is a respectable looking fellow with
iron-gray hair and a business-like man
ner, who is supposed to get acquainted
with travejers' names from the hotel
registers and then make deductions as
to where, they have been from the la
bels on their baggage. This sharper
has been known to the metropolitan
police for six or seven years, but so
seldom \s the victim morally brave
enough to complain to the authori
ties that the latter have not been able
to take care of him.
FRENCH BARK IS HELD
BY CUSTOMS OFFICIALS
Sailor Who Whs Not Entitled to Land
Deserts anil Vessel Is Refused
Clearance Pnpers..>
PORTLAND, Or.. Dec. 24. — Emi
gration Inspector 'Barbour has re
fused to grant a clearance to the
French bark Jules Gommes owing to
the fact that a sailor named Morrls
seau, who deserted the vessel, cannot
be found. Upon being: notified a week
ago by the inspector that the man
was not entitled to land, the captain
of the Gommes swore out a warrant
for his arrest, but th- officers have
been unabl<? to locate him. When the
vessel finished loading her captain ap
plied to the inspector for his release
and was refused It, as were also his
clearance papers by the custom- of
•fieials. The captain has carried the
matter to the> French representatives,
who have protested against the deten
tion to the authorities at Washington.
Inspector Barbour has asked instruc
tions from Washington and until a
reply is received the vessel will be de
tained here.
The Gommes is loaded with 120.
i?frt>~bushels of wheat- destined for
tbreat Britain.
?OSTAL ORDER FORGER
GOES TO PENITENTIARY
ienteuce of Twelve Y'ears* Imprison
ment Is Imposed Upon James
R. Mathlason by Judge.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 24.— Twelve
ears' imprisonment in the peniten
iary was the sentence imposed by
Tudge Welburn In the United States
District Court upon James R. Math
ason, the counterfeiter and postof-
Ice money order forger. Mathiason
)leaded guilty, to two indictments,
me for counterfeiting and a second
or forgery.
Mathiason, who is 38 years of age,
vas shot and dangerously wounded at
bcean Park last summer as he was
drying to escape after having passed
t raised $2 bill i at a store, at that
>lace. After his arrest he was iden
ifled as the man for whom the pos~
at authorities had been looking for
nonths for "raising" postofflce money
jrders and whose operations extend
d along the entire coast.
VASHINGTON* BO.Y SHOOTS
AND KILLS HIS FATHER
*lres Load of Buckshot Into Parent's
Back " Because He Had Cursed
Him While 'at Work.
; TACO3IA. Dec. 24. — Near Chehalis
fhomas Brown, aged 17, has shot and
Ule'd his father while they were at
|'ork in the field. The father cursed
he boy, who ran to the house, got a
run and told his mother he waa going
p shoot an owl. Then he hunted up
liis father ar.d shot him In the back.
As the latter /started to run the boy
shot again, killing- him.
TWO' ATTACHMENTS SERVED— The Sher
iff's, deputies yesterday served two writs of
attachment, one on A. W. Thomas of 13 Polk
ttreet in the sum of ' $l~0u 36 at tb« Instance
otC. N. Spiero, and the other on T. Edward
Bailnry. a hat dealer at JW* Market street,
for J21 74 23 for the Creditors' Adjustment
Company. • ' • ' ' - .'..-.
FUMES OF GAS
KILL TWO MEN
Victims Are Overcome by
Deadly Odor While Clean
ing an Oil Car at Sunset
RESCUERS NEARLY DIE
Noxious Vapors Render Un
conscious Employes Who
Try to Save Companions
BAKERSFIELD, Dec. 24.— Two men
went down to their deaths in a tank
car at Sunset last evening and tha
lives of two others were imperiled by
their heroism in seeking to rescue their
companions from the deadly fumes of
gas in the emuty car. C. E. Barnea
and Ed Hoagland are tha victims who
died under the influence of the nox
ious vapors, while George Rogers and
?. Isenhurg nearly suffered a like fat
in their heroic efforts to brins their
companions to safety.
Work was begun in cleaning: out a
car that had been filled with distillate
standing at the terminus of tha Sun
set line, and Hoagland in a moment
was overcome by the Imprisoned va
uors. Foreman Barnes, on hearing- the
tall for help from others on the car,
rushed to the scene and without a mo
ment's hesitation dropped into tha
tank and attempted to rescua Hoag
land. ' He, too, was in a moment lying
senseless. George Rogers essayed to
effect their release. He descended Into
the car and vainly endeavored to bring
out Barnes. The gas was too much
for him, and he barely succeeded in
ascending the ladder into the fresh
air. Isenburg, another workman, with
out reckoning the danger to his own
life, dropped into the deadly fumes and
made a heroic effort to rescue his fel
lows. ITe was forced out of the tank,
but had no sooner filled his lungs wltb
fresh air than he attempted to return
to the work. He was forcibly detained
by other employes. In the meantim«
ropes had been secured, and after much
effort the bodies of Barnes and Hoag
land v\ere brought to the top of the
car.
Barnes had been a resident of Los
Angelos, and with him in the oil fields
were hi.- wife and two children.
Hoagland was a resident of Ottumwa.
Iowa, and was a newcomer to thia
county. He was a Knight Templar.
TROUBLE IN SETTLING
COYOTE SCALP CLAIMS
Controller*** Office DIscoTers That the
Courts in Some Instances Have
Given Double Judgment*.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 24.— Th*
State Controller's office has run up
against a snag in connection with the
settlement of coyote scalp claims.
Four years ago there were claim3
against the State aggregating many
thousands of dollars for bounty on
coyote scalps. The Legislature appro
priated $204,000 to pay the claims.
The act made the money available on
the first of January, 1905. Deputy
State Controller W. W. Douglas said
to-day that there should be an ab
stract fcr the guidance of the Con
troller, which will show every certif
icate thnt has been sued on. It has
been found, 5ald Dougla?, that the
courts have given double judgment",
which meant that claimants could col
lect twice and thus secure many thou
sands of dollars from the State to
which they are not entitled.
Plays Santa Claus and Gets Bnrned
SANTA ROSA, Dec. 24.— A panic
was narrowly averted last night at
Red Men's Hall when a false beard
and costume worn by Otto Seeman,
who was officiating ag Santa Claus at
an entertainment being given by the
Council of Pocahonta-, took fire from
a lighted candle on -the Christma
tree and enveloped him In Games.
Seeman. who was badly burned,
rushed madly through the crowd of
rpeet{»tor.- until one of them Jerked
>ff his coat and threw it over him.
aeeman will probably recover, but ths
affair broke up the entertainment.
MIcscil Firobujr Under Arrest.
AUBURN, Dec. 24. — Sheriff Bos
quet of El Dorado County pass?d
through here this morning, having in
charge Bruce Provine, who is accused
of burning a dwelling near the Zant
graf mine In El Dorado County on the
night of September 19 last. Provine
say- he can prove an alibi. Sheriff
Bosquet will take the prisoner to
Placerville.
: TEN' YEARS FOR FLANNKUT.— William
Flarmery, convicted by a jury in Judge Lav -
I lor's court of grand larceny, was sentenced
j yesterday to *erve ten years in San Quenttn.
I On Au|ti'*t 27 he stole a diamond strul from
| Walter N. Kelly. t(37 Fremont street, whil-
I Kelly was on a Sutter-street car. .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Eternal Youi
Is the dream of every woman of th«
present day. Of course the years will
add on no matter what one may do. but
to live through to old age and preserve
the fragrant freshness of youth agains;
j the Inroads orf time. care, worry ami
sickness is the everlasting wish of wu-
! mankind to be gratified by y
1 Mrs. Nettie Harrison's
X?-. Montez
A Beauty Builder.
A Food for the Skin.
! Dead tissue causes fiabbiness. Thi*
I application will replace it. by a new and
healthy supply that will result in plump-
ness and beauty. The skin retakes the
I health of youth and wrinkles disappear
with this Creme. A 75c jar lasts 5
months.
TBIAI. JAS. I»adle« sending' tills ad.
and 10c will receive a Jar of
i LOL.-a MONTEZ
I CSEME, a box of race Powder and, a
book of Instruction-.
MRS. NETTIE HARRISON, Dennatolo-ist,
140 Oeary Street, Ban 7randsoo. Cal.
13 West a~tn Street, "few Tori City.
2122
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,
JOH>' P. SPRECKELS '. ; Proprietor
ADDRESS ALL COMMUNICATIONS TO
JOHN McN'AUGHT . .Manager
tTBUCAnox omcs third and market strkets. ban francisco
ECNDAY DECEMBER 25, 1904
THE BIRTHDAY.
TO-DAY the Christian world does not make holiday alone. It
accommodated its great holiday to an observance long before
born in the instinct and knowledge of man, which selected the
winter solstice as the birth of a new solar year, the end of the
lengthening night and beginning of the lengthening day. It was
human and natural in the early Christians to idealize the physical
fact of the solstice by associating with it an event which meant, in a
spiritual sense, the end of the dark days of the race and the birth of
a brighter future.
If all they idealized has not been realized by Christendom it is
not their fault. They gave to the world its highest ideal, and while
raanhas fallen far short of that model still the result has been and
continues to be uplifting. It is not beyond the range of a secular
paper to express the impression that man everywhere is better than
his fame and at heart is better than he seems. The evidence of this
is not confined to those who follow the Christian ideal, for there arc
other high motives which affect for the better the conduct of men,
but they all "converge upon practically the same center of a spiritual
purpose.
The English expedition into the land of mystery in high Tibet
promises to disclose much of the greatest interest concerning that
center of Buddhism and the effect of that philosophy upon the Asia
tic mind. The Buddhistic scriptures, which teach much that is
found in their Christian analogue, have profoundly affected the lives
of millions who have found in them the needed ideal. It was found
at Tibet that the Kah-gyur, or bible of the Buddhists, has expanded
to 108 volumes of iooo pages each, and that 225 volumes of com
mentaries upon these voluminous scriptures have been printed. Each
book of this bible weighs ten pounds and the whole requires a dozen
yaks for its transportation. Now. in illustration of the aspiration of
man for higher guidance, it is told in Tibet that a. tribe of Mongols,
living on the semi-deserts of high Asia, moved upon by the spiritual
instinct which has been one of the means of promoting civilization,
paid for a copy of this bible 7000 oxen and transported the book to
their country on a caravan of yaks. It became their guide and af
forded the ideal which they sought. 1 They studied as devoutly, the
birth of the Buddha as Christians do the coming of Jesus, and be
tween them and Christendom is the common spiritual tie and aspira
tion that binds the race together in one purpose — right living and the
practice of the common virtues.
; So the Christian world at this greatest of its feasts will honor
its ideals most by respecting their kinship to the ideals of men who
hold to other forms of expressing the spiritual need that joins all
men together. The nomadic Mongols, who traded their substance
for a sacred book, instead of being looked upon as dupes of supersti
tion are to be respected because they sought something better than
they had, and above all that having found it they lived up to it.
At this Christmas season there be those in the Christian world
who make lamentation because they say people are falling
away from religion. The philosophers do not sympathize with this
view. Man never falls away from religion. As well talk about the
annihilation of matter or of force as say that man separates himself
from religion, which is no less than his own conception of his place
in the universe of which he is a part. Men fall away from theology
and are none the worse for it. The venerable Dr. Lyman Abbott has
said recently that he has outgrown belief in teleology, a final cause,
and has abandoned faith in an anthropomorphic deity. But Dr. Ab
bott has found a larger and a greater God than he found in teleology
and in personal form. His conception of his place in the universe has
been enlarged and instead of being less reverent than before he is
more devout. ;•
At all the altars of Christendom to-day there is high ascription
to Jesus, and at some there may be denunciation of Dr. Abbott. But
this will be inconsistent. Jesus fell away from the theology of his
time. He found the deity of Judea a tribal God, invested with all
human attributes — a personality in which all the vices and all the
virtues of men were alike magnified. He taught briefly, with his own
hand he wrote no message and inscribed no- word, but he left to the
world in place of the tribal God of his fathers one that considered all
men as his children, the objects of his care, the beneficiaries of his
justice and affection. Religion was in the world before Jesus and be
fore Abraham, and each left it larger and better than he found it.
The thinkers who hold with Dr. Abbott are acknowledging onlv
the larger religion and see in the Father's house more mansions and
more places prepared than were seen of other men and in other
times. The Christian thought cannot be too large and as it expands
men will see its confluence with the great good that is in still more
ancient forms of the religious idea. . It is a wholesome thought and
full of comfort that this good race of man was not left lightless and
guideless in a world where it has no choice of entrance or of exit, to
be as insects gendering in the sun for millions of years until less, than
2000 years ago the creator of them all awoke to his duty and' set
among them a light. "As a father pitieth his children" is the right
idea, and what father would leave his child to perish for need of a
guiding hand and a light for its path?
In all ages there have been witnesses, and the immanence of the
principle of kindness and fatherhood may be seen in the adaptation of
the witness to the race and character of men till every kindred, every
tongue, hath its light and leading. Let us exalt ours'as the brightest
and the best, but not smite our brother man for doing the same, for
that way lies the blessing and benefit of. the light which shines for
all. This day is given over to doing honor to the teacher who taught
the universal fatherhood and universal brotherhood. In reverence
let us accept this great teaching and 'remember our brother man
everywhere. i- - v .<* .
CHRISTMAS IN CALIFORNIA.
CHRISTMAS in California is sblike and yet so unlike Christ
mas throughout the world. External conditions have, after
all, but little power to change the human heart iu*its divine
capacity for love, for service and for hope, and so to-day>the world is
girdled with thought forces which are more tender and more compas
sionate than at any other time, vibrant forces of good will which reck
nothing of frontiers and which pass duty free through the portals of
all nations and of all peoples. Surely such seasons as this leave be
hind them an afterglow upon the dark sky of human discords, and if
throughout Christendom a myriad voices break in upon the harsh
hates of men by acclaiming a peace upon earth where so little peace
seems to be this surely is not a mockery' if it but carry that underly
ing hope which sustains and which creates, compelling even the
wrath of men to serve it.
, If external conditions do not essentially change the human heart
they may give to its delights something of an. added. intensity, and
this perhaps constitutes the difference between Christmas in Cali
fornia and the same season elsewhere. Here in California. nature,
forgets her rigors.and her touch is so rarely a frigid one. Her dress
Is always made glorious with flowers and her bountiful busy hands
never weary in their beneficence. " •
To the wisdom of Shakespeare there came no prophetic glimpse
of California or he would perhaps not have written: - <
At Christmas I no more desire a rose .
Than wish a snow In May's new-fangled mirth;
But like of each thing that In season grows.
At Christmas time in California we 'may have roses to our
heart's content, and many another gracious gift Qffset by sunshine
and warm airs, for here the seasons do but mark the change of na
ture's prodigality but nev>ej" its cessation:
Christmas is above all else the period of good will,. for in what
better way can men keep vivid in their minds the. sacred benediction
of the day. If then the sons and daughters of the West could "as a
unit send a message of blessing to all the world what should that
message be? What better thing could California's children wish uri-
■ r . ■ « ...... ■
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL,; SUNDAY, DECEMBER 25. 1904:
CHRISTMAS GREENS
L . /^HRISTMAS without greens!
*•/ Impossible! There surely
% must, be some of a sort in
this big farming world," Le
ona said almost tragically.
Her cousin and host, Amos Baker,
shook his head.
"None nearer than Sinking Fork," he
said. "that's twelve miles off— and the
chances against finding anything even
there. The hills are so low and the
valley hardly worth the name." ...
"You. must take me to the head wa
ters. I know I shall find what I want
there," Leona said imperiously. "Get
out the wagonette at once! No matter
if Christmas is ten days off, I know a
way to keep greens fresh."
"Wc-n'i you say please?" Amos asked
banteringly, as he went toward the
door. Leona ran after him with the
prettiest face of contrition.
"Of course I will, and 'thanky sir,'
and anything else in the world you
ask," she said, laying her hand on his
arm.
He smiled at her. "Suppose I should
ask you to say 'yes' to Norrie Gordon.
I've a great mind to do it. If Norrie is
my brother-in-law, he's worth a dozen
of that other fellow."
"H-m. You are sure there is another
fellow?" Leona queried saucily, but
with a pretty flush.
Amos looked supernaturally wise.
"There must be," he said. "Candy
three times a week, and flowers and
gimcracks till the carrier wishes rural
tree delivery had never been thought of
— those are signs I've never yet known
to fail."
"You should not peek — it's ungentle
manly — even in your private mail box,"
Leona said severely, pursing her lips.
Amos' shook his head at her. "You
shouldn't flirt," he said: "But to-day
I'm bound to give you a chance — Nor
rie will go with you on this fernchase,
because I'm bound; to go somewhere
else." • J
"How nice! Norrie is never saucy."
Leona said, with a dimpling smile. It
made her so enchanting that "Norrie,
just then cc-ming through the door, lost
his heart over again, for at least the
twentieth time. The losing gave him a
fearful joy — he, too, had read and in
terpreted the signs of the post. But
as he climbed into the wagonette, and
sent the horses away at a slapping
pace, he put all thought of this tin-.
known rival from him, resolved to en
joy at least one blissful day, basking in
the sunshine of Leona's smiles.
Presently the way bent at almost a
right angle. Norrie reined in there,
and said, letting his free hand rest over
Leona's clasped ones: "The Fork ia
Just ahead— but you'll find nothing
there. I know— I hunt around it every
fall. I wonder if you dare gi» .down in
the hills with me? There you can get
leads of things — green cedar, cross-
vine, ferns and big green briers with
leaves like wax. I know of a holly
bueh. too, and a clump of pines — "
"Why aren't you taking me. . to
them?" Leona interrupted, her eyes
dancing.
Norrie smiled back at her, but there
was an anxious under-note in his voice,
as he answered: "Because they're a
long way off— not too far for the horses
— but so far we'd be in the night get
ting home."
"As if that mattered!" Leona said
scornfully: "When you know my heart
is set on giving those dear babies such
a Christmas as they never saw.' Your
sister Amy says I may do just what I
please — I' please to have a» Christmas
tree, with the whole house trimmed to
match. Drive on — like the wind — San
cho and Sally will have a long rest,
while you are helping me hack and
hew." -iiV"--j/!'
"Just as you say, ma'am," Norrie an
swered suspiciously meek: "But if I
haul the tree home, to say nothing of
cutting it down, I'm to have my choice
of whatever is on.lt, or under it. Is
that a bargain?" .. . > , .
"It has to be — but I never thought
you'd be such an extortioner," Leona
said loftily, although her eyes twinkled.
to their kin than that they too might share her prosperous peace,
that with her blessings they also might be blessed, crovvning / them
selves with laurels of success and walking the world's ways in the
gladdening sunshine of the heart.
And what can California desire fot herself, already loaded down
with gifts from field and orchard, richest spoil from vineyard and
from mine? Nature has for her no gift of beauty unbestowed, no
hoarded wealth unoffered, and for her no door is closed that leads to
peace and power. Let her then ask that even as she has received so
may she give, and if the California Christmas time brings with it
tenderness and love, and kindly thought, 'and will to help and serve,
so may she be assuredthat by these things all times are blessed, not
one alone, if she but keep within her heart, treasuring it there, some
of the* comradeship, of Christmas day in California.
/'^Fhen dawns for her and for the world the undying day of peace
on earth and unto men good will.
■ A; run on ; a Cleveland . bank i was stopped • the other day^ by the' arrival s T wn
automobile ?at the ; bank loaded with *■ money for the ' depositors". Under &:$ti'
circumstances the V driver nilght" be: excused for , violating; the speed lii.if.— :
New..York*.Tribune. ' ;-';-v ,\ :.;.' '■ ',, ''--'s^ r : '-'- ? C'\' ■■':-, r .i- ; .'■&
.The Rev. T>r. Zimmerman, : of Baltimore, asks: ' "What 'shall fwe ; : d6\wlth our J
old . men ?" . Adopt the reciprocity plan and care for'them ' as they- cares! tat . j
us.— Washington -Post ! . "- : * ■• ■■". ■■ ,' :.. J -'. ' '»' 1 '■•' ' ..'•-; '■■'.! ■'.-. 'V '' '• \ : •" .'.• :.:■'■
BY -'MARTHA McCULLOCH-WILLIAMS.
Then she fell silent, drinking in the joy
of the sunshine, of the rapid whirl
through the soft December day."
The landscape grew more - barren,
more broken, the flelas were 'smaller,
the farmhouses meaner, and less
thrifty. By and by the road ran down
a steep ridge, only to climb an oppo
site one steeper still. The sun had be
gun to sink— Norrie looked up at It,
apprehensively, then sent the blacks
faster, a mile farther on he stopped,
and sprang out, saying as he lifted Le
ona to her feet: "You'll want your sup
per before you get it I reckon— but here
we are."
Leona cried out in raptures./ .Before
her stood a clump of pines. On beyond
down the rocky slope, lay matted arm
fuls of long, lacy fronds. The green
briers also were in evidence! She caught
up Amos' pruning sheers and began
to cut things right and left. She was
so intent that she did not see' Norrie
slip away. But very shortly she looked
up to see him dragging in a fine young
holly full of .scarlet berries. "The kids
never saw anything like it," he said, as
he hoisted it into the wagonette, and
made it fast : there. Then he fell to
With a little laughing cry she j
laid her hand upon Xorrlc**. J
work, wrenching up ferns in' armfuls.
and tearing down mats of brier. Leona
looked at him with someinlngiof awe —
he was so slight, and light on his feet,
she had never credited him with the
thews, and sinews of manhood. Insen
sibly she contrasted him with the other
fellow— the city fellow, who could, and
would give her millions— millions which
had almost tempted. her to accept the
man, albeit she knew she did not love
him truly. If she had asked him to set
his hand to hard things for her pleas
ure, she, could fancy his look of amazed
diSgUSt. :"-:\ .
Still she could not Tvhl6tle film down
the wind. She was proudi ambitious,
luxury-loving^ not the least bit suited
to be a farmer's wife. And^Norrie Gor
don loved his land, and his vocation too
well ever to be anything but a farmer.
With a sigh she told herself she should
•no doubt end by taking Ennis. Loring.
Suppose he should accept her casual
invitation, and come down to Longly,
the Baker place, for the holidays? How
bare and cramped the life would appear
to him — a life wherein the, circus made
the event of the year, and -going to
church of Sundays was as much a di
version as a duty.
Something: of all this floated nebul
ously through Leona's rnind as she
watched Norrie at his joyous obedience.
"The best branches are over on that
far side," he said, flinging off his coat,
and scuffling out of his shoes: "We'll
take Just half a dozen— the tree won't
miss 'em. I'd hate to leave It ragged—
somehow this clump seems to belong to
me— I found it first when I was little
more than a boy."
Almost before she knew It. he stood
among the branches, breaking and cut
ting slender stems. Leona ran to pick
them up as they fell. "Stand back,"
he called to her, at the .same time
reaching for an especially tempting
bough. The wood of it was tough— it
bent where he thought to break it, and
instead of snapping it crushed into
stringy fibers. Norrie had the Impulse
of mastery even over inanimate things.
Forgetful that he was twenty-flve feet
In the air, he gave the bough a jerk so
energetic it made him lose his balance,
and come crashing earthward. But
there were boughs lower down— and
somehow he clutched one with his right
arm, swung himself up to it, and
clambered back to the trunk. Coming
down this, Leona'saw him hitch him
self along in a way wholly unlike his
ascent. She did not know the reason,
until he stood by the wagonette, say
ing almost apologetically: "I reckon
you'd better drive, on the way home —
my left arm hit that big limb when I
fell, and put itself out of business."
Longly farm at Christmas-tide made
the neighbors stare. Amy had insist
ed upon a party — it would never, never
do to waste all Leona' had" brought to
pass simply upon the family. Greens
were everywhere — over doors and win
dows, in nooks and corners, and up and
down the broad stairway. The tree,
too, was a vision — with tapers gleam
ing thrc-ugh its coral wealth, and all
manner of tinsel ornaments sparkling
amid its green leafage. The tinsel had
come from the city. So had the other
fellow.
, Leona had been panic sticken at the
outtet — now a sunny peace possessed
her spirit. TSince she had seen Norrie
topplin* against the evening sky—fall
ing it might be to his death, for his
lady's whim, she had begun to question
her own heart more closely than ever
before. What answer had rewarded
the questionings she did not tell. But
Ennis Loring had found her more soft
ly, more subtly fascinating than ever,
and was ready for her sake to keep
terms with all the rural world. It
amused him of course that the tree
bore such wondrous fruitage. Trees
were not Christmas commonplaces
"round about Longly. So all the people
"round about had sent their gifts to be
piled at the tree's foot, and thence dis
tributed. After* they were distributed,
there would be supper, then the dance.
Norrie would have to be a looker-on.
His broken arm was not yet out of the
sling.
Amos ought to have been Santa
Claus, but had flatly refused. So Leona
herself, made up into a startling
Christmas fairy, with a black half
mask, andra pair of realistic wings, ap
portioned properly the Christmas tree's
fruit, saying things that fitted most
cases beautifully, and so doubled the
value of the presents. Nobody had
been forgotten — Ennis Loring stood
hugging a huge tin horn — Norrie's
sound arm , was fairly heaped with
bulging parcels, topped with a toy au
tomobile. Then the fairy lifted from
the. litter of moss and greenery-at the
tree's foot a huge pair of spectacles
and clapped them upon her own eyes.
"I am looking for — the person I belong
to," she said clearly. Everybody held
breath as she walked up to her two lov
ers who by some chance stood side by
side. For a breath she studied their
faces intently, a beautiful flush showing
below her half-niask, then with a lit
tle laughing cry she laid her hand upon
Norrie"s, saying very low: "This is
what you get for finding me these
Christmas greens."— Copyright, 1904, by
Martha McCulloch Williams.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
. PEARY— Subscriber, City. The ad-!
dress of Robert Edwin Peary, the Arc- j
j tic explorer. Is "The Navy Department.
I Washington, D. Ci"
I ABRAHAM LINCOLN— I. W. W. B..
I City. Abraham Lincoln was born in a
cabin on Nolin Creek, thre'e miles west
of Hodgenville, Larue (then Hardin)
County, Kentucky, February 12, 1809.
ST. LOUIS FAIR— Subscriber, San !
Rafael, Cal. The following shows
number of admission^ -to the St. Louis
Fair: April, 1 day, 1S7.793; Ma^, 26 I
days, 1,001,391; June, 26 days, 2,124,836; |
I July, 27 days, 2.134.557; August, 27 days, ;
3.088.743; September, 26 days. 3,651,873; !
October, 27 days,. 3.622,629;' November, !
17 .days, 1,697,383. .Total, 17,617.905. This '
department has no record of attend-'
ance between special dates named in
the letter of inquiry.
ACCEPTANCE— S., City. In . com
merce the acceptor of a bill ; of ex
change by the act of acceptance ad- i
mits the execution of the bill by the !
drawer and that it te drawn upon the '
funds of the drawer in his hands. In !
other -words it is an assent 'and en- |
gagement by the person on -whom al
jblll of exchange is drawn- to ' pay. it •
when due in accordance with the term3
of the acceptance. .The bill itself, when
accepted, is called an acceptance." •
FIVE HUNDRED— C. P.;, City- The
Grammercy Square Club has furnished;
this department with the following an- 1
awer relative to. the new rules for . the !
i same of 500: • ,> ; . . • ;
J The counts for the different cults j and ' no
qrumps are identical with those -heretofore In
Togue. • The difference lies In ■ the , manner '" of
/.coring. -■ : " ■ ■ .-. • ■ -■ : .
H When a player . makes a bid for-trumps and
Jhe requisite. number of tricks are captured by
ihe two players as partners "the bidder enly
la entitled to score" for the anyjunt bid. Tne
partner scores ten for. each trick taken by hln.
the tame as do the opponents -'for tricks J they
take. .• ■. . ; --■■• . 0 ■■• -^.
Thus A and B arc partners oppesed to C an*
D: A bids six -on diamonds. . A takes four
tricks. Ft takes two tricks, • c takes one trick
' und D takex three ' tricks. A will! score 100 U
20 C 10 and D 30. % . "- ■'• ', -•--•. ...'
Again A bids 6 on diamonds and- B raises bid
to 8. A takes five tricks. B takes three, c
takes; two and D none. A will score 100. B
300. C 20 and D 0. , ■) ( • ,
Again 'A. bids six on diamonds and B raises
the bid to 8. A takes three tricks. B ' three C
two and D two. A will score 100. B set back
300. C and D score 20 each. • • -■ . ?.. •
In' like manner, if A bids six and the "two
fall to take six, A will be set back and B score
10 fcr each trick taken. . . . .. ,
The advantage of this method of. scoring | s
at once apparent In th« protection It affords
the conservative score builder against the reck
less bidding and plunging of a "partner. '
It,tn«r't>c argued that the individual' score
i«r)i) i.renp". a player to take tricks to the detri
iraent oCAUs partner's hand, but' this has not
I,' ***n ; found to be the case generally, as such a
plan -of.- procedure becomes retroactive. ■• -. •
The. Grammercy \ Square Club es,tab-'
jltshedithe penalty ;of a setback i-where
■ a hand Ji3 evidently deliberately: mis
fj»layedj;to"; defeat a bidder's' score,; but
iit^hakVlhus far not been fouhd neces
?iary toVlnflict the penalty. '
LOVE IS A MUCH STRONGER
INFLUENCE IN THE LIVES OF
MOST WOMEN THA N AMBITION
BY DOROT HY FENIMORE.
HAVE you ever counted up how
many things there are that a
woman cannot afford to do?
Their names are legion. Their
-sum includes matters of conduct and
matters of conscience. But, for daily
reference, almost all of them can be
translated to the best advantage into
terms of the affections. For love is a
greater Influence In the lives of most
women than ambition, or convention,
or even duty. If we are to live wisely,
then, we creatures of destiny, whose
horizon is narrowed to a pin-point, we
must love wisely. Love, whether pro
pitious or baneful, is our guiding star.
The common tendency among women
in this spendthrift age is to live be
yond their means emotionally. To feel
and to express, to enjoy, if not act
ually, at least vicariously through lit
erature and the imagination, pleasures
which are beyond the common lot, are
the motives which cause and which
feed the passion for excitement which
is coming to be known as the great
American vice. Our women are as
prone to emotional excess as our men
are to mental excess. To observers
abroad this lack of personal balance
appears to be the distinctive American
characteristic.
It is more important for a woman to
"A BLAMED SIGHT WORSE"
A bachelor.. old and cranky.
Was sitting alone in his room;
His toes with gout were aching.
And his face o'erspreac with gloom.
No little ones' shbuts disturbed him.
From noise the house was free; .
In fact, from the attic to cellar
Was quiet as quiet could be.
No medical aid was lacking;
The servants answered his ring.
Respectfully heard his orders.
And sur>plled him wlfa everything.
But still there was something wanting.
Something he couldn't command;
The kindly words of compassion.
The touch of a gentle hand.
And he said as his brow grew darker.
And he rang for the hireling nurse,
"Well, marriage may be a failure.
But this is a blamed sight worse. '
■ — Pittsburg Press.
QUEER MARRIAGE TANGLE
Mile. L., about to ,be married, has
discovered, on taking steps to publish
the banns, that she is married already,
says the Paris correspondent of the
London News. It must be so, as it is
3et down in black and white on the
Town Clerk's register. Her elder sister,
at the same time, made an equally
startling discovery. Though she had
imagined herself to be the wife of the
man to whom she thought she wa3
wedded some years ago, and by whom
she has several children, she now finds
that, far from being married to him,
she is her supposed husband's sister
in-law, as he is legally united to her
sister. How the unfortunate family and
the careless Register will worry out
this inextricable situation is not known.
The elder sister could be married again,
this time in due form, to her husband,
but the younger sister must previously
be unmarried, and how is that to be
done? It is well known that heaven
and earth have to be moved before an
error on a register can be corrected, as
In the example of a child to whom a
wrong name has been given, which can
never afterward be altered. The family
of Mademoiselle, or, rather Mme. L.,
are seriously thinking that, instead of
attempting to prove that she Is not
her sister, and vice versa, it will be
simpler for her to divorce her brother
in-law, 1 after which the latter will re
marry his wife, who is now legally his
sister-in-law, while .Mademoiselle •will
take unto herself a 1 second husband,
without having ever been married be
fore.. It -to be hoped there is a play
wright in the family to turn the lat
ter's tribulations to some account.
Strips Bark to Save Trees.
A St. Louis. man has devised a pro
cess for the preservation of trees which
have been attacked by disease, and, re
markable to* state, he commences by
stripping off the bark of the tree and
applying -the. solution to the trunk In
this condition. Archbishop Messmer of
the diocese of Oshkosh, Wis.. has re
cently allowed the man to experiment
with the trees around the archieplsco
pal residence in that city, and the.re
sults are said to h*ave been very bene
flciai.i^i^^gaBftaj ■■.: "
Kuropatkln's Pet Pigeon.
Among the spoils ' captured at Liao
yang by the .Japanese army was a'
tame pigeon kept by General Kuro
patkin. By order of Marshal Oyama
the bird was brought to Toklo and
presented to the Japanece Crown
Prince. It has now been added to the
Prince's pigeon cote.
know how to balance the expense book
of her inner self than it is for her to
balance her household accounts ca
pably. If she gets Into difficulty over
the latter she can. if necessary, call
upon some man in the family to help
her, but in the former case she has no
one but herself to depend on.
This does not apply to older women
only. Young girls, and especially those
who have to go out Into a world full
of temptations to earn their living, are
breaking down the safeguards of their
happiness when they stuff their minds.
which are their bulwarks of defense,
with flimsy foolishness. . What Ruskin
says of romance is applicable to ordi
nary life."'*, -
Overwrought interest in a novel, a
drama, and In social relations of any
kind Is fundamentally bad. "The best
romance becomes dangerous if. by its
excitement, it renders the ordinary
course of life uninteresting and in
creases the morbid thirst for useless
acquaintance with scenes in which we
shall never be called upon to act." In
a word, live your own life and not any
body else's.
A British writer, studying conditions
In the United States from the books of
some American women who are notable
in their own country as examples of
misguided and ill- balanced womanhood,
has recently gone into hysterics over"
the American woman's profanation of
luve's altar. It seems that she has
tipped It over. And, like a naughty,
willful child, she does not care a bit.
She has aimed the first great blow at
the reign of love; she stands self-con
fessed as cold of heart and cool of
head; she is proverbially untrue to the
male of her race; she rides over man
roughshod; she Is demoralizing to her
sex, exclaims this poor, excited, literary
man, in a frenzy of rhetoric.
Now, really, H. B. Marriot-Wat3on.
It's not so bad as that. American wo
men are by superior charm and busi
ness ability spoiling the matrimonial
market for their English sisters. But
here at home they might be colder of
heart and cooler of head without hurt-
Ing themselves or injuring civilization
materially.
One type of woman has. Indeed, al
most passed out of our experience. I
refer to the "evening primrose" variety,
so dependent apd gently melancholy
that they seem to have been created
only to love and to be loved. When
they love, they love once and forever,
and usually they prefer to love un
happily.
This is certainly not an American
type. But we have a type as silly and
as exasperating — that of women who
have, through sentimentality, lost ap
preciation of genuine sentiment and
who never see the simple pleasures of
life growing naturally along their wo
man's pathway.
ANOMALIES IN SCIENCE
Strong emotion sometimes causes
baldness. A farmer saw his child
thrown from a cart and trampled under
the feet of a mule. He supposed it
killed, and experienced In his fright
and anguish a sensation of chill and
tension in the head and face. The child
escaped with a few bruises, but th«*
father's hair, beard and eyebrows be
gan to drop out the next day, and at
the end of a week he was entirely bald.
After Professor Taguchl of the Impe
rial University, Toklo, died his brain
was weighed and found to stand second
In the list of 107 brains of eminent men
throughout the world whose brain ca
pacity has been recorded. Tagnchi's
weighed 1920 grams. The weight of the
human brain ranges between 300 grams
for the imbecile to 2000 grams for the
man of genius.
Jfusic has been known to stop the
flow of blood from wounds, saya the
Chicago News. During a big battle a
number of wounded men were carried
to a field hospital. During a lull In the
roar of fighting the sounds of a fife and
drum reached the Injured men. \ The
doctors noticed that in several cases
the hemorrhage stopped or at least was
greatly reduced.
BITS OF HUMOR.
Modest but Expensive.
"Lend me five, old boy."
"Can't do it. Charley. Any other
time, but I've only got twenty-flve.
and I'm going to take Millie Tightous
of the Variety Theater out to a very
quiet plain little supper this evening."
Cincinnati Commercial-Tribune.
A Telephonic Danger.
Paterfamilias (who has just rung up
the call office and has his attention di
verted by his little daughter) — Hullo,
dear, coming to kiss me good night?
Voice of Female Telephone Clerk (se
verely) — I beg your pardon. — London
Punch.
Those Boston Girls.
Bessie — I suppose you have heard
that Fred Simpson and I are going to
be married?
Florence— Yes, but of course I
shouldn't have mentioned it If you
hadn't. I hope I have more regard for
your feelings than that.— Boston
Transcript.
A Personal Remark.
"No, madam," said the ladles' tailor.
"I can't take a penny off the price of
that coat. The figure I quoted just now
Is the lowest possible."
"But," protested Miss Bargen, "as I
told you, I figure that I can '*
"Madam, your figure is simply ridicu
lous."
"Sir!!!"— Philadelphia Press.
Cause.
She — Grace says she's afraid of her
shadow!
He — I should think she would be: did
you ever see him?— Detroit Free Press.
Time to send Townsend's Glace Fruits
by Express for Cnristmaa. •
Townsend's California Glace fruits in
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market st
and Wakelee's Drug Store. •
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 20 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 10AX *MINISTER DESCRIBE IDEAL WIFE
* T— *V EV. GEORGE W. BROWN
' Jj } BACK, pastor of the Pil
.1 grims 1 Congregational
• 1 Church of Reading, Pa.,
who took a novel method
,T>f obtaining a wife, has now
been married fix months, and his fam
ily life is a most happy one.
His wife was formerly Miss Blanche
,de £ow of Newark, N. J.. and they
afe apparently a well-mated couple.
'33 is. Brownback is very much Inter
f-stt-d in her husband and he is greatly
<!evoted to her.
"Rpv. Dr. Brownback,- it will be re
called, advertised for a wife. He re
ceived 20u0 applications for his hand.
but in Miss de Cow he found his ideal.
Since then he has spoken a great deal
.on married life and "how to be happy
.though ■wedded."
. To a New York World correspondent
he expatiated on "how to treat a wife.'"
cs follows: y
"Marriage as it should exist is an
THE ADVANTAGES OF THE CENTRALIZED SCHOOL
r ■ HERE are tremendous possi
h bilitips for good in the evolu-
H tion of the country schools of
I California. For many years
. *• past there has been but
little rhange in their general
condition. It is true that the qualifica
tions' required of the teacher** are
higher than formerly, that there is
closer sympathy and co-operation in
th» teaching profession and that in
pome parts of the State, more liberal
views in the community have brought
ampler equipment and better school
houses.
Nevertheless adjustment to modern
conditions ha« not been made, for the
Lv^ragre school district remains as it
■ was nearly a generation ago. The old
and ("till prevailing thought was and 5s
that the schoo'.house must b<? near the
scholar on th« ranch, hence the crea
tion ■ and maintenance of numerous
.jchool districts with an average at
tendance *if fifteen or twenty scholars
or lets. Whether these are graded or
ungraded schools, they suffer by rca
*on^ of their isolation, their inferior
-r<juiprrent and particularly because in
• so many cast's ihe available funds will
only justify short terms of school
end' the engagement of ordinary or
. inexpertem'f d teachers. Small schools
are also at a disadvantage because they
always Jack the vitalizing force which
comes through the competition of many
minds and contact of robust natures
* with those of the average mold, j
Rnt '« <hang«» awaits the district
schools of the ropulous valleys of Cal-
Advertised for One and Made Selection From Two Thousand Applicants.
institution where two human beings are
drawn together by love. Union and
happiness are the result. Such mar
riages are divine. Marriages to-day in
most cases arc merely an outward tie,
impelled by custom, policy, necessity,
founded not even in friendship, to say
nothing of love. A true wife acknowl
edges her husband's authority, but ehe
must realize that she is at the head of
the house, but not the boss. May the
good Lord deliver us from a boss in
petticoats. If some women would put
the same energy in their housework as
they do in gossip many saloons 'and
beer clubs would have to close their
doors, and husbands would remain at
home with their wives.
"An ideal wife lives within her hus
band's Income. Many a poor husband
is strangled by his wife's fine lace. I
pity a man who efter marrying finds
that all he has to show for his mar
riage fee is a dress form, a medicine
chcft' and a whining voice. A fault-
ifornia. This is to come through the
establishment of what te sometimes
called the centralized school. Its nu
merous benefits are to be secured by
disorganizing several adjoining school
districts, consolidating them into a
union district graded school and daily
transporting all. of the children bj\
hired carriages to and from their
homes.
There are two distinct purposes in
view for this Dlan. One of these is for
a financial and the other for an educa
tional reason. Taking up first the edu
cational feature as the most important
one to be considered, it may be seen that
that the plan contemplates the organ
ization of a strong union school to be
held in a three or four room schooihouse
built in a central locality in accordance
with modern ideas of ventilation, sani
tation, light and heat. The old school
buildings can be sold or kept for neigh
borhood convenience. Fewer teachers
will be wanted, but superior ones; will
be required and their services will be
more permanent Each teacher will
teach two or three grades only, with
far better results than when caring for
eight or nine grades. Of course, one of
the teachers will be the supervising
principal. In such a school special
studies of music, drawing and, nature
work can often be thoroughly taught.
There will be more professional enthu
siasm among the teachers, with the sure
result that school becomes. much more
Interesting to the older tfoys and girls,
and they will no. longer quit it at an
early age. Longer terms will be. held.
finding wife is worse than a fit of chills
and fever, and I don't wonder that men
drink whisky to get over the attack."
"How should a man treat his wife?"
"A good husband is one who thinks
more of his wife than he does of him*
self. Hareh and cruel words often
make / bad cooking. It drives all the
wife's energy away. . A good husband
will not spend $6 of his wage before he
gives his wife $1 toward the family's
support. He will not give her six un
kind words before he gives her one kind
one. He will not stay out six nights a
week and remain home but. one night
a week with his wife. He will not pay
for half a dozen meats in another fam
ily before he provides for one in his
own.'
"A good wife gains the affection of
her husband by catering to his appe
tite.. Good meals make a good hus
band. Man should never forget his
marriage contract. He must # appreciate
the beautiful flower he has taken unto
More public interest Is manifested in
the larger school and better men are
elected trustees, f Closer ties will pre
vail in the community. Courses .of lec
tures and entertainments can . be sus
tained. In short, the centralized school
can be made the intellectual and social
center of the whole territory that it
reaches. Through such a school chil
dren no longer receive the smaller-bene
fits of the isolated school, but obtain all
that belongs to the thoroughly organ
ized, well disciplined and amply equip
ped town school. The advantages of
country life and town life are in this
manner combined.
Besides the<£e signal educational im
provements, the centralized school fur
nishes its superior advantages, includ
ing transportation charges, for'a less
outlay than is required by the employ
ment of a larger number of teachers in
four, five or more districts and the in
evitable annual repairs on all the sepa
rate, school buildings. This assertion
is demonstrated by experience and thus
the economic view merits most careful
attention. .
It will be readily seen that the-strik
ing features of this radical change is
the transportation of the children. * The
school no longer goes t6 the children;
the children go. to the school. It can
not be called a twentieth century.' idea
because the plan has * elsewhere been
successfully adopted for many "years.
It Is in line with that other popular
modern innovation— rural mail delivery.
How is ' the transportation ■' managed ?
In one of three ways. By. taking; the
himself and not become careless and
negligent. .*
"My model husband does not wait un
til his wife dies to give her flowers. He
brings her a rose whenever he possibly
can while she is on the earth to enjoy it.
A single rose perfumed with love in
life is wortlvmore than a dozen wreaths
on the eaaket lid. A model husband
snould • frequently place his arms
around his wife and tell her how sweet
and beautiful she is. It may be stretch
ing the truth, but God will forgive you
and your wife will be happy. He must
remember, 11 how blind he was to her
faults before marriage. If he has dis
covered her faults he must keep his
eyes closed tight and not say a word.
"A model husband always remembers
he is the husband of one wife. When
he thinks less of his wife and more of
another worapn the breakers of hell are
tefore him. A model husband should
always enter the home with a beaming
countenance, no matter how hard the
children from a central point, by the
carriage passing through the main
road only, or by the carriage calling at
all the homes in the neighborhood. The
third course' is the most convenient
and proves most successful of all. Cov
ered carriages are provided; equal care
with the selection of teachers is be
stowed in engaging drivers; routes are
let to the lowest approved bidder who
is uncler bonds and the conveyance is
made on schedule time. Tardiness at
school consequently disappears from
the list of school annoyances.
m What objections are urged • against
the centralized school? A great many,
but it is noticeable that they are al
ways made before such a school'opens
and rarely afterward. It is sometimes
alleged by patrons in opposition that
walking to school is ' good exercise for
the children: that four or five miles
distance ,is^ too far to send the little
folks; that associations in the carriage
and at intermission at- school are not
always ' favorable; 'that property* will
depreciate, and, finally, that the pro
ject is impracticable" Replies are, made
that farm children . seldom ■; suffer, for
want of exercise; that a few miles dis
tance cannot be -hurtful .when a child
Is carried; drivers and teachers are.re
quired to be watchful in all these ar
rangements; and that the experience
in ' many States proves the almost un
qualified success of the plan. The ob
jection of depreciation of ; real estate is
not sustained as the facts are other
wipe. A school house confers no value
of itself, and a superior graded school
day's. work has been or how much
money he has lost. in stocks or business.
"If husbands forget all this the result
will be the home will ■ be dreary, the
children's voices will be hushed and de
spondency and gloom will reign where
sunshine and happiness would predom
inate. A smile upon the noble woman
who has sacrificed her very life for him
will make his home an ideal one. It is
enough to make any honest, high
minded man desperate to think of the
treatment that too many wives receive
at the hands of their husbands. Their
husbands! It is a shame to apply to
these degenerates so noble a term. The
true husband guards his wife's peace
of mind and is zealous of the trust she
has reposed in him. But these men are
quite regardless of their wives' happi
ness. Business is first, home second,
or, I should say, last.
"This is a transitory age in which
many a husband treats his wife too
much as chattel property, yet, he does
Bix miles distant, with transportation
provided, brings . higher value to a
neighborhood than a weak district
school half a mile away.
The flippant remark of city residents
is occasionally heard to the effect that
they have no interest in what the coun
try schools are doing. No greater mis
take can be made, especially if -the in
different man is a taxpayer. At least
half of the best blood of the cities comes
from the- strong, resolute manhood of 1
the country. The cities have a deep,
vital concern in all that relates. to the
upbuilding and advancement of rural
educational interests.
It is now time to speak of the birth
of 'this* new idea. Long ago it passed
the age when it might be deemed a
bantling. In 1869 the State" of Mas
sachusetts enacted a Jaw which al
lowed the. local school committees to
expend money "in their -discretion, in
providing for the conveyance of pu
pils , to and from the, public schools."
The result has been that hundreds of
small, outlying schools in that State
have been closed and more than .2000
scholars are now daily carried. at pub
lic expense to and from centralized
schools.' Eighteen other States have
passed laws providing for the consoli
dation .of country, schools, these
eighteen containing nearly half the
population of, the United States. The
universal testimony from these States
is strongly ; in favor of centralization.
One. might as well ask a farmer in
those sections to vote for abandoning
rural mail 'delivery as to expect him
not give her a right to share In his
business and plans, does not allow her
the proper responsibility which belongs
to her.
"A husband must not treat his wife
as a dependent. Do not put her to the
humiliating inconvenience of asking
you every time she wants carfare. Tour
wife is not your child, whose spend
thrift tendencies you must curb. Con
sider together your income, the cost of
actual necessities, how much should be
placed In reserve and then divide the
rest between you.
"Dress your wife well, not extrava
gantly. When she comes down in a
ravishing creation of white chiffon and
pink La France roses don't tell her that
a half-dozen American Beauties at a
quarter the price would do just as well.
She will think of those you sent her the
morning of the wedding at $10 a dozen.
The saddest spectacle is that of a sweet,
sensible, intelligent woman married to
a conceited, empty-headed, tyrannical
fool.
to return to the old plan of sending
his children to a small, ungraded
school.
In March, 1903, an excellent permis
sive law took effect providing for the
union of school districts in California.
The way to organize for these union
district schools is to write to the State
Superintendent of Public Instruction at
Sacramento for a copy of this law and
to obtain his suggestions, secure, if
possible, the personal aid of others who
are familiar -with the subject, agitate
the matter unceasingly and in due
time circulate the necessary petition.
The hope for elementary education
of rural California lies in the central
ized school. G. G.
Sightseers' headache
"Academy" or ■ " head
ai he is a not uncommon experience,
and . some recent observations of
Simeon Snell appear, to throw some
light on its causation, says the London
Hospital. Allowing that in certain in
stances astigmatism or other form of
ametropia is a factor , in its produc
tion, "he yet argues that there are
other influencing conditions. In sup
port of this he quotes the experience
of a lady who always suffered from
severe, headaches after visiting the
theater when she had occupied a seat
in pit. but -was free from such
a disturbance when she sat in the
dress circle. In the first position, it is
pointed out, sustained action of the
"When God had created Adam he
saw that what man desired more than
anything else was a helpmate. He
therefore created woman for man
namely. Eve. He didn't take part of
man's brain to create her. If such
would have been the case woman would
have been superior to man. God didn't
want that. Neither did he take a part
of man's feet to create her, for if such
would have been the case man would
have despised woman.' God didn't de
sire that. But we find that God took
from man a rib and from it created
woman. We all know that the ribs are
located close to the heart, and he did
that so that man should love woman.
"The question of boss-ship should
never be considered in the home. Both
should occupy the head chair of the
family together and discuss the needs
of the family, the topics of the day, etc.
Try to enlighten one another. Love
your wife, show her lots of pleasure
and your home will be an ideal one."
e.'evator muscles of the eyeballs is re
quired in order to see the stage, and
this ia exactly the action which is re
quired in studying a collection of pic
tures, and more especially in looking- at
those which are hung "above the
line." The same experience has been
noted by Mr. Snell in' the case of
cyclists, particularly of those who lean
over the handlebars with the head
lowered, and who therefore in lookin?
ahead keep the eyeballs upward. A
further argument is found in the ex
perience of miners* nystagmus, which
it is suggested is due to weariness of
tho elevator muscles of the eyeballs,
caused by the constrained position in
which the miner works. There can be
no doubt of the physiological fact that
lateral movement of the eyeballs is
much more easy and requires less
muscular effort than movement in a
vertical plane. All this goes to show
that muscular strain is sustained in
upward movement of the ey balls and
this may well result in a sense of
weariness or more pronounced discom
fort-
The AMar ai)d Camphor.
One of Uie effects of the present war
between Russia and Japan is an in
crease In the price of camphor. This
increase threatens to be so considerable
as to actually step certain Industries,
such as the making of celluloid, which
depends on the supply of camphor. -000. The property adjoins that "of Gold-"
berg, Bowen & Co., and Is in the
most central business portion of the
Panhandle district. Included among
the tenants are a florist, a druggist,
a crockery dealer, a painter and a bak
er. The lot. 106:3x137:6, was purchased
in February. 1904, by the seller, of Wil
liam Cranston Company for $12,350. It
is now appraised at $17,000. This con
siderable increase in value is due to
.the centering of business at the trans
fer corner of Haight street and Masonic
avenue. The buildings are new, having
been completed in October under the
supervision of Auffust Nordin, the
architect.
A. J. Rich & Company have sold to
Louis Friedlander and Frederick K.
Houston 49x93 feet and three-story
brick building, leased for five years at
$250 a month, on the sonth line of Cal
ifornia street, 60 feet west of Kearny,
for $40,000; northwest corner of Mission
and Twentv-fourth streets, 126x117:6
feet, with stores and flats that bring in
$2G3 a month, for Mrs. Dr.O'Neill to Mrs.
L. Schnidt on private terms. Lot on Pa
cific avenue for Mrs. Worth to Samuel
Xaphthaly: 31x60 feet on the south
line of Clay, 172:6 feet west of Kearny,
for Dr. Henry Mayer to Mrs. Hoe for
$14,000; 75x100 feet on the west line of
Third avenue, north of Hugo street, for
Mrs. Clara Kluge-Sutro to A. Koenig,
for $4850; 100x95 feet on the east line of
Fourth avenue, north of Hugo street,
same seller, to P. Landsberger, for
$6750; 25x100 feet and flats on the west
line of Fell, south of Oak, for William
'P. Carroll to Mrs. Mary C. Berges, for
■$75C0.
Shainwald. Buckbee & Co. have sold
40x57:6 feet on the south line of Pine
street, 20 feet east of Belden place, with
three-story hotel, to McEwen Brothers
for Julian Thome, for $45,000; five
dwellings and 87:7x100 feet era the south
line of Pacific avenue. 50 feet west of
Gough 6treet, for Mrs. Mathilde Shain
wald to Olivia M. Locke, for $45,000;
northwest corner of Vallejo and Bu
chanan streets for William H. Crocker,
for $25,000, to two buyers who will
build on the lot. which is 100x137:6 feet;
southeast corner of Drumm and Mer
chant streets, 25x55 with improvements,
to J. C. Brickcll for Frederick K. Hous
ton, for $15,000; lot 68:9x137:6 on the
north line of Vallejo street. 137:6 feet
east of Steiner, for Robert N. Williams
to A. Hochsteln, for $12,000; residence
and lot on the north line of Union
street, 70 feet west of Scott, to Walter
B. Cope, for J. W. Valentine, for $12,000;
northeast corner of Washington and
Cherry streets. 40x119:6 feet, for $10.
000, to J. H. Bennett for W. P. Red
ington.
Minor sales have also been made by
Ehainwald. Buckbee & Co. as follows:
I>,t 27:6x86 Xeet, on the east line of
Trsmort avenue, 418:6 south of Fred
erick street, Charles W. Sutro to H.
McVine. $1450; 52:0x137:6. with improve
ments on the west line of Webster
street. S5 north of McAllister, the Peter
Dear. Company to Frances Kaplan.
t&CO: 25x120, and Improvements on the
south line of Grove street, 178:6. east of
Octavia, to Frederick Ohiert. $7500; 5Qx
£0, on the west line of Julian avenue.
JGO south of Fourteenth street. Mary C.
Raum to Emily S. Newell. $5250; £5x
VSr2y 4 , on the south line of Sixteenth
street, £0 west of Capp, Augusta K.
Glbbs to Solomon Friedman, who will
erect a stcrre and flats, $4500; 25x100, on
the west line of Julian avenue, north
of Fifteenth street, with improvements,
f cr Ellen O'Connell, $4000; 30x100. with
Improvements, on the wesc side. of Jul
ian avenue, 125 north of Fifteenth
street, for Joseph Ehrsam, $4000; G0=
120. on the northeast corner of Tenth
avenue and J' street, E. B. Jennings to
at"45 and 47 Natoma street southeast
line, 336 northeast of Second, for $9750
for Miss Margaret Tully; improvements
and lot 25x87 feet, No. 1508 California
north line, 87 feet west of Larkln, for
Sarah M. Coe to Victor Rousseau and
wife; improvements and lot 23x80 feet
at Xo. 23-23% Minna, southeast line. 215
feet southwest of First, account of
Daniel Sullivan, for $5350; improve
ments and lot 23x80 feet No. 25 Minna,
Eoutheast line, 238 feet southwest of
First street, account of Joseph Peers;
for account "of Mrs. Brosnan, im
provements at 150 Tehama street,
northwest line, 230 feet northeast of
Third, 25x80. $4900; for William Peters,
to Mrs. Bende. lot 25x100 feet, on south
west corner of O'Farrell and Broderlck
streets and St. Joseph's avenue, for
$2700; for Christian Waldan, 14 Rondel
place and lot 22:6x64 feet. 181:6 feet
south of Sixteenth street, between Va
lencia and Mission, for $2500; for Wil
liam Bates to Mrs. Bender, lot 25x100
on west line of Broderlck street and
St. Joseph's avenue, 25 feet south of
O'Farrell, for $2100.
OCEANSIDE SALES.
Sol Getz & Son report the sale of lots
as follows: Lot 25x120 feet, on the west
line of Forty-seventh avenue, 275 feet
north of I street, to William H. Bese
man; 25x120. on the east line of Forty
eighth avenue, 250 feet north of S
street, to Christian H. Kone; 50x120, on
the west line of Forty-seventh avenue,
150 feet south of S street, to Robert E.
Butler; 25x120, on the west line of For
ty-seventh avenue, 150 feet south of L
street, to Sarah E. Harris; 50x100. on
the north line of K street, 57;6 feet west
of Thirty-fourth avenue, to James P.
Neal/
Rothermel & Co. have sold three lots
at Ingleside to James Watkins for
$250; flats on the west line of Flllmore
street, near Oak, for W. P. Carroll, to
Caroline M. Berges, for $7500; 180 acres
of timber in Mendocino County, near
Sherwood, for $1200, for C. A. Welhd
to Watkins & Smith; 160 acres near
Boonevllle, for J. C. Ruddock, to Wat
kins & Smith, for $1200; a ranch of 150
acres near Ukiah, for J. C. Rogers, to
Hermann Anif, for $1400; 160 acres, in
a homestead claim, near Skaggs
Springs, for S. P. Woodworth, to T. J.
Klngr, for $600; 1400 acres' of stock ranch
near Wlllits, Mendocino County, for
A- Brown to Deane Brothers, for $12,
000.
Sales by Burnham & Marsh Com
pany Include the following: ' Lot 4 Ox
r»7:G feet and brick building on the
south line of Stark street, 77 feet east
of Stockton, for L. and B. Canepa to
B. C. Clapp for $4500; 24xS0 feet and
house on the south line of Folsom
street, east of Thirteenth, for Maria
Lawlcr to Morris Goldstein 'for $3800;
nciihwest corner of Eighteenth and
Church streets. 25x85 feet, for P. F.
McGlynn to R. O. Hoffman for $3500.
"Shainwald, Buckbee & Co. report
that they have sold nearly all the lots
offered in the Drickell tract at Ba
ker's beach. Among the purchasers
are George K. Edwards, Casandra
Buckingham, W. K. Kerrison, George
W. Robie, Maraquita C. Macondray
and Hamilton A. Bauer.
A. J. Rich & Co. have been placed
In charge of the property of Mrs.
Emma G. Butler at the southeast cor
ner of California and Lyon . streets,
which has been subdivided. They have
sold two lots adjoining for $4300 each,
tha size being 32:6x175 feet.
The Crocker Estate Company has
appointed G. H. Umbsen renting
agent. "> ...
Sol Getz &. Son two years ago grad
ed the first block on the Ocean boule
vard and since then have graded and
me' " retiring" ma.*,^~., . u
DarlingTt a past master's jewel, one of
the handsomest ever presented to any
master.
Past Grand Lecturer James Wright
Anderson, on behalf of members, pre- I
sented Mr. Darling a beautiful dia- j
mond ring for his wife in acknowl- j
edgment of the many evenings she i
had to stay at home alone during the
four years that Mr. Darling had to at- J
tend the lodge as an officer. At the
conclusion of these ceremonies a ban
quet was. served in St. John's Hall.
F. L. Hansen was toastmaster, ; and
responses were made by I. J. Ascheim,
George L. Darling, F. L. Turpin, Wil
liam T. Baggett, A. W. Turpin, I. P.
Kincaid and others.
DIFFICULTIES BESET
GAME LAW VIOLATORS
Fish Commissioners Make Trouble for
Six Men Who Disobey the Close
Season Laws.
Fish Commissioner Vogelsang's
search . for men who are killing deer
for their hides during the close, sea
son has been rewarded by the arrest,
conviction and punishment of J. N.
McNight and E. T. Mooris near Mad
River, Trinity County. Deputies Lea
and Redwine apprehended the offend
ers after a sensational pursuit through
forests and in boats over flooded fields.
McNight and Mooris were fined $50
each by Justice of the Peace A. H.
Geans of Anada.
Deputy Pritchard has arrested E.
Clapp and C. McNerna of Encinitas,
San Diego County, for shipping under
sized crawfish. The same- officer will
begin proceedings against H. B. Abila
of Nogales, Ariz., for shipping deer
meat to California in violation of a
Federal statute. The deer which was
seized had been killed in Mexico.
•Judge Carpenter of -Martinez -has
fined G. Flores $40 for shipping under
sized striped bass. T''~;\-i
STATE'S CORPORATIONS
TO HAVE MORE LATITUDE
Supreme Court Holds Public Property
May Be Condemned Under Cer
tain Restrictive Conditions.
In a decision rendered yesterday
the Supreme Court grants corporations
"the right, under certain restrictive
conditions, to condemn public prop
erty for its own uses. It is specified
that the change must result in more
general good.
The Marin ' County Water Company
wanted a portion of the Bolinas road
condemned for the establishment of a
reservoir. The Supervisors objected
and the corporation brought suit. The
lower court held that the. road could
not be condemned, but the higher
ti ibunal reverses . that decision. '
The Supreme Court says the water
company can have the portion of the
road wanted if it can be proved that
the establishment of the reservoir will
be of more benefit to Marln County
than the use' of the property in ques
tion.
Footpad Is Charged.
Charles Henry was booked at the
City Prison yesterday on a /warrant
charging him .with assault with intent
to commit robbery. The warrant; was
sworn to before Police Judge Mogan
by Joseph Frankenburg, 325 Clay
street. Henry ? attempted to = hold up
Frahkenburg , at Sacramento' and
Maple streets ? on : Friday night. / His
bonds were .fixed at "55000. " ;; The po
ljct* have been unable. to trace Henry's
antecdents.
Specialist and JApeds -MafJ engage In
Fight and OrJ&tU&va^AV o Take
; - Aeiiv<?- : pnrC^ '
Several hundred ifoptand'ers eager
ly looked on wlijf^ &*,* ."/^ street "spe
cialist" and aS" «?^ W/> t punched
each other and rolled in thVmiddle of
Third street, hjsar^Marker, yesterday
shortly after. noon. The~men met on
the street and immediately began to
fight. In a twinkling a vast crowd
gathered and closed In upon the two
antagonists.
The men had been fighting only a
minute when an onlooker seized the
so-called "doctor" and tried to drag
him away. This was a signal for a
sort of general fight. Another man
began to punch the peacemaker. A
feeling of sympathy for both parties
seemed to exist among the spectators
and soon about a dozen of them had
joined in the fray.
When the brawl ended most of the
participants were a little the worse
for wear. The fight was not entirely
settled when it broke up lest a lurk
ing policeman might happen on the
scene. In the mlxup the doctor's hat
went astray and he made a great fuss
over it, but it was not restored. As no
guardian of the peace arrived on the
: scene none of the fighters was trou
bled with arrest. ' .
PAUL CULLEX RILLED
IX AX* ELEVATOR
Goes Into a Wholesale Store to. Read
Meter and Is Struck by
Counterweight.
} t Paul Cullen, an employe of the San
Francisco Gas Company, was Instantly
killed yesterday afternoon by the
counterweight of a freight elevator in
Sussman-Wormser's 'store, southeast
corner of>Market and Main streets.' He
was. last seen alive near the store at
1:30 o'clock.. At 2:45 p. m. Frederick
Ott, an employe of the firm, was sent
to clean the pit of the elevator^ and
he found .Cullen dead, with the left
side < of his head crushed. 'It is sup
posed that Cullen had entered the
building, as was his custom; to "takl
the meter" for the company. He de
scended to the basement in the freight
elevator.
Cullen was 40 years old; he. lived
at 59 South : Park. He was a son of
ex-Police Captain Cullen.
Steffehs Is Arraigned.
' Adolph Steffens was arraigned b§
fore Judge Lawlor yesterday on a
charge of fraudulent voting at the last
primary election. He was represented
by counsel. The case was continued
till Thursday for the defendant' to
plead.
COOK BOOKS;
Owing to tlic unusual demand
on the purt of our subscribers
for THE CALL'S Premium Cook
Book it lias been necessary to
order an additional supply.'
These books are expected about
the 15th lnst., on and after
which date they will be at the
disposal of our patrons at the
very low price of 50c.
To subscribers receiving their
paper by mall there will be an
additional charge of 25c to pre-
pay expressage. We also have
on' hand a few copies of "Wiltl
Animals I Have Met," thor-
oughly descriptive of the whole
animal kingdom, on the same
terms. Order now, as our sup-
ply is limited.
But Start Tour Hew Year With "!'
'^wThePen that
Itself" , |
PRESS ;
y^^^lll^p^P^^METAU BAB \
fgHSelf-FillingPen
The acme of pen convenience. No ,
filler to hunt for; no dirty, inky lin-
gers Saves trouble and time and
temper. Prices $3.OO to 85.00-
SHAVE YOURSELF with a
GIX.I.ETTE 8APITT XtAZOB —
quires no honing: or stropping. Price
•5.00.
STAB SAFETY — Regular
$2.00: value. My price now $1.25-
Other Razors as low as J&l.OO-
Mail orders promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS,
F. \V. PITTS, The Stationer.
1008 MARKET ST., Opp. Fifth, 8. P.
j
'
OCEAN TRAVEL., '
¦ .^^ ¦ . Steamers' of company, or |
•/vfiS-Sfiv for wnicn It Is agent, leave !
/W^", X^ Piers 0 and 11. San Fran- i
I 1 VwS^Tl ° F " KPtchikan. Wrangel, |
I \ \«UbC^/ I •I unf ' au - Treadwell. Halni»>.
\«i\ \\^f4f/ Skagiiay, etc., Alaska — 11 a.
Yi«OJ 7C7 m •• •¦ Dec. 20. 31, Jan. 5. .
VKaJrvaM?/ Change to this company's ¦
steamers at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver, Port Townsend, j
Seattle. Taconia. Everett, South Bellingham, '
BelUnRhain — 11 a. m., Dec. 20, to, Jan. 5. ]
Change at Seattle to this company's steamers '
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Seattle cr Ta- j
coma to N. P., Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry. !
For Kurc-k<: (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
p. m.. Dec. 24. 30, Jan. 5. Corona, 1:30 p. m., !
Dec. 27. Jan. 2. . !
For.ljos Angeles (via. Port Los Angeles and .
Redomlo),' San I>Lt;o and Santa Barbara —
Santa Hosa. Sundays, 0 a. m.
BUte of California, Thursdays, 9 a. m.
Fcr I.os Angeles (via San Pedro and East
Pan Pedro), Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, San Simecn. Cayucos. Port Harford (San
Luis Oblapo), Ventura and Hueneme.
Bonftn. 9 a. m., Dec. 26, Jan. 2.
Coos Bay. 0 a. m.. Doc. 20. Jan: C.
' For Ensenada, Mnpclalona Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazntlan. Altata. La Pa;:, Santa Rosalia,
Ctaaymai rM«f.), 10 a. m., 7th of each month.
' For further Information obtain folder. | Right
is reserved to change xteamcTs or sailing dates.
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery Bt. (Palace Motel), 10 Market St., and Broad-
way wharves: Freight Office 10 Market st.
C. D. Dt'NAXN*. General Passenger Agent,
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co., 20 Sutter St., will
call for and check bas;p:;i»r^ from hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312. ;
8cesBics.s.co. SSHii
S S. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. Dec. 31, 11 am
S. S. MARIPOSA, for Tahiti, Dec. 31, li a. m.
S S. S1EP.RA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auckland
and Sydney. Thurs., Jan. 12. 1005, 2 p. m.
].r.JPBECKELSkBE0i'C4,'A!Ki;TiciJi0ffiC]5H'li:.
ml treiitat omci 327 Marmt St., Fisr 7, pasa? ;:.
CO'PAONIE Q2NER\LB TR4NBATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday Instead of ** 4 i.iY»
' Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42, •¦»''•'
: North River,', foot of Morton st. ....
. ¦ First class to Havre. $70 and upward. " Sec-
ond ' class to . Havre, $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA, 32 i Broadway (Hudson building),
New York. .1. F. FUGAZI& CO.. Pacific Coast
: Agents 6 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
1 For U. S. Navy Yard and Tallejo.
. Stis. General Frlsbie, Monticello and Arrowy,
0:45 a. m.;,12::$0p. m., 3:15 p. m., 0 p. m., 8:30
p. m. : 'Sundays, 0:1.1 a. m., 12::!0nocn, 6'p. m..
8:30 p.. m. . Leave Vallejo, 7 a.m.. 9 a.m., 12:3C
p. m.. 3:15 p. m. (*5:45 p. m. Saturday), <1 p. m.
Sundays. 7 a. m.. '.» a.m., 3:20 p.m., IS p.m. Pier
2. foot Mission at.; phone Main 1508. HATCH
BROS. , , '¦
For V. 8. Navy Yard and Vallejo.
Stmr. H. J. 1 CORCORAN leaves north end
Ferry bid*., foot of -Clay St., -10 a. m., 5:30
p. r m.; r, Sundays,' 10 a.m.,-,. 8 p.' m. ,. Leave
Vallejo. Aden's wharf, 7:15 a. m.. 2.30 p. m.;
Sundays, 7:15 a. m., 5 p.:. m. Fare 25c each way.
PIPER, ADEN, GOODALL CO. it
SA3T FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS — 9:0O. 11:00 a. m. ; 12:33.
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. in. - f:
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m. 1
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 0:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30,
6:00, 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAN RAPAEL TO BAIT FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS — 6:05. 7.35, 7:50. 9:20, 11:15
a. m. : 12:50. 3:40. 5:00, 6:30 p. m.
Saturdays Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:86 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9.40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40,
.4:05. 5:05. 6:23 p. m )
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Fran. | Oct. 2, 1904. | San Fran.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I Week
Days. ] days. I tlon. | days. | Days.
7:30a, 8:00a . | 9:10a, 8:40 a
, 9:30a Ignaclo. 1" 40 a 10:20a 1
. 3:30 p 3:30 p 6:05 p ! 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:00 p ' j 7:35 p
7:30a 8:10a! 8:40a
8:00a Novato, 10:40 a \ 10:20 a
3:30 p 9:30 a Petalum* 6:06 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 3:30 p, and 7:35 p
,. I 5:00 pj Santa Rosa..
7:30 a 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:00 a Fulton. 7:35 p! 6:20 p
3:30 p] 3:30 p |
~T~ I Windsor. """
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsbur*. 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
3:30 p 3:30 p Geyservllle, '• 7:35 p| 6:20 p
I Cloverdale. | j
7:30 a S:COa Hop] and 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 pi 3:30p| and Uklah. |7:33p|6:20p .
" ~~j j Wllllts and I I
7:30 a ! 8:00 a Sherwood. .' I 7:35 p 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 at - _ 110:40 a ; 10 :20a
3:30 p| 3:30 p! Guerneville. ' 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a 1 S :00 a I Sonoma. I 9:10 a! 8:40 a
5:10 pj 5:00 p) Glen Ellen. | 6:05 p| 6:20 p
7:3Olifs7oba| " 110:40 •110:30 a *
3:30 p| 3:30 p] Sebastopol. |7:35p 6:20 p .
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentin: at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs and Mark West Springs; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs: at . Gayserville for ¦ Skaggs
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers. Boone-
ville and Greenwood; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland --Springs, Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport. Bartlett
Springs and Lake County Hot Springs; at
Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs.
! Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Springs.
I Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley, John Day's.
1 Riverside Llerly's. Bucknell's. Sanhedrln
i Heights, Hullville, Orr's Hot Springs. Halfway
House. Comptche. Hopkins. Mendocino City,
I Fort Bragg. Westport and Usal; at Wllllts for
I Fort Bragg, Hearst and Sawyers; at Sherwood
f for Canto. Covelo, Laytonville. • Cummings.
| Bell's Springs Harris. Hubbard. Frultland.
I Dyer. Garberville, Camp 5. Pepperwood. Scotia
• and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re.
i duced rates.
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. •
• Ticket office. C50 Market street, Chronicle
building.
JAS. L. FRAZIER. R. X. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
I^^^^^^P^ 1 To SAN RAFAEL.
KSJS^MSl ROSS VALLEY,
W^T^^&^^&ZA MILL VALLEY,
*^T^J^^V 1^! ?S\ j CAZADERO, Etc
' *«^W^?wB^K^* Via S&UMllto Perry
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Francisco, dally, at t7:05,
7:45. 8:23, 9:10. 0:50. 11:00 a. m.: 12:20 1:45.
I 3:1.">, 4:::.'., 0:15, 5:00, 6:30, 7:13, 10:13 and
' 11:35 p. m. t
Arrive at San Francisco, daily, at t6:40. ,
• 7:35, 8:18, 8:30, 9:33. 10:50 a. m. ; 12:10 1:30. i
2:55. 4:25, 5:05, 5:42, 6:22, 6:57, 7:40 and 11:25 i
! p. m. ;•"; ¦
tDally excert- Sunday. •
. For Fairfax, daily, at 7:4." a. m.: also Satur- 1
! days at .1:15 p. m..and dally except Saturday
arid Sunday at 5:15 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:43 a. m. dally— Cazadero and way stations.
¦ 3:15 p.- m., Saturdays only— For Casaderc,
etc •
5:15 p. m. dally, except Saturday and Sun-
day, • for Tomales etc. -
TICKET OFFICE — (SCO Market st.
. FERKY— Union Der>ot, foot of Market st.
\-~ — — — ;
JWtTamalpais Railway
r If. ten tetzaaco . j ~*J££itr, I ¦¦ Ar - San Pri-ouo
_ .T ~«T^3A ! f^^SSO l:3Op »1O:5OA
»:5Oa 9:5Oa\^9B ml 3;55pl 3:53p
i:45p'< 11:00a P6.*S^Sf | 4:'i5p| »«3f
l:45p l:45pl C:2?p ' 6:2 Mp
~8a!ord»rt 4:35p "^BBr S»tari»ji 11:1»»
»?uGr*Tity C>r V t fc»>hiaii to Mill ixDtq
•'CtIT , Markbt ST.,(North Shore Kailrosd) i
AlliCIS j and Sausauto Perky, Foot Market St.
Costa, Martin-:*, Tracy, I
Lathrop. di»e*-»»n» Merced, ]
Bayinond. Preaao. Gotten Junc- I
tion. H»nford, Lemoore, VlsalU. 1
Bakersfleld. Los Angeles 4 552.
12.00m Hay ward. Nile* and Way Station*. 3 201*
ti .OOP Sacramento River Steamer* Til.30* >.
S-30P Benlcia, Winter*. Sacramento. >
Woodland. Knlgnta leading.
MarysTllle. OroTllle and way
station* '?-52*
Hay ward. and Way Stations.. 7 SO*
liflp port Costa. M»rtla«». Byroo,Tr*cy, /
Lathrop, Stockton, Modesto. ¦
Merced, Berenda. FTesao and *'*¦ i
Way Stations beyond !'<>rt. Cost* 12z0»
4.00P Martlnei.Sanluro»»,VUleJo,2t*p*,
CalUtoga, Saau Rosa. 1 20%
4-OOp Mile*. Tracy. Stockton 10-20*
4 Harvard. Nile*, lrvln«ton, 9** ta.60-%
Jo*o. Ltvermor* .. | til.M*
BXOPTne Owl Limned— Newmaa. Lee
Bano*. M endoia. Fresno, Tatar*
Baker*fleld. Los Angeles. ....... f-55*
1S-30P Hayward. Mies and Saa Joe* ..... 7 20*
g.OQPlIayward. Nile* and Saa Jo«« aVSO*
.OOP Eastern Ei#re*»— Ch!ca««,
D<-nTer. Kaasa* City, M. L»ala,
if irtlafcz. Stockton. 9«craiBaaM^
Col fax. Beao, Spark*. MmmU*\
Ocde« ._ «<-88»
t.*0*> Tallejo. dally, except daaday.... I T mite
7-00* 1 Vallejo. Sunday only I *' 4 » t
7X0P Klchmond. San Pablo, Port Costa. _
Martina* and War BUUoai T1-22*
7 -Mp Brno Passenger— Port Cost*. B«-
nlcla. Satiua. Klmlra. Dtxoa,
Darts. Sacramento, Sparks, Ton*-
pah. Keeler and Way Sutlons.^ 7-M*
t-C6> Oregon * California Kxpre**— 9a*>
ramento, MarysTi'.ls. Bedding.
Portland. Pug «t Soaasd »ad Ka*t. 8-50*
4.1 Op Hay ward. Miles and Saa Jo** (an*v
d«ronly).. 11-S04
COAST LINE (J«rr«» «•»!•).
(Foot of Market Street.) | a
"LISA Newark, CenterrlUe. Saa Jo**
Feltoa, Boulder Creek, Saau
Crus *ad Way Station* 118*
3&1S> He-wars. CenterrUle. Ml Jo*«
Hew Almadsn, Los Oatoa.TeUoa.
Boulder Creak, Baata Cru» and
Principal Way Station* ......... t10.»3*
4. Newark. Jom, Los Gatoa...] t1 r §. - f|^
•• .30p Huater*' Train (Saturday *alj>~
Ban Jose and Way Stations 25*)
COAST LINE (Broad «.**«•).
pr (Talrd and Townwnd StraaU.)
'B.IOASan Jose and Way Stations......... 30* ¦ t {
7.00a San Jose and Way Stations 6-40*
• 00a New Almaden (Tae*.. Fr1<U only). 4,10*
• OOATb? Coaster — Saa Jos*. Salinas.
Saa Aria, Paso Bobles. Bant*
-¦ • Margarita, Baa Lais ObUp«,
Guadslupe, Gavlota, Santa Bat>
bar*. Ban Baeaarcatura, Moa>
UIto. Oxaard. Bur sank. Los
Angel** 19.3Q*>
t-OOA Otlroy. Holllster. CastroTlUe, Dal
Monte, Pacific OroTe, Surf. Loo-
poo . ... IHI*
- • .Ma Can Josa. Tres Plnoa,Wat*onTda,
Capltola, Santa Cm*. Paclaa
Grove. Saltnas. San Lais OsUp«
and Principal Way Siatloas. . M 4.109 S
10-30a 6an Jose and Way StaUeas. 1.20* i
11 30a San Jose and Way Stations ....... 7.30»
Ban Josa and Way Buttons t-3**
* ¦CLP Del Monte Kxpre**— 3aats> Clara, v
San Jose, Watson t i; . a, Santa \
Cruz. Del Monte. Monte ray, ?
Paciac Orore 12-1
t«VOO* Lo* Gatos, Wrlsbt. Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz, rta Santa Clara ana
Sarrow Gangs M0-4S*
J-30pT»lf acla St.. South San Francisco,
Sarilngaine, San Jose, GUroy,
Hol;lster. Tres Pino* 10 41*
4 30p ' in .lose and Way Station*. tS-OO*
1f JJOp Santa Clara. San Jose. Los Gate*,
and principal Way Buttons (ex-
cept Sunday) tS-OO*
It 30p tin Jcsrand Principally station* i940*
• 4&P basset Express.— Redwood. Saa
Jose,Gtlr*y.Sallnas,Paso Koblea,
San Luis Oblspo. Santa :ur»»ara.
Los Angrles. l'emlne. Kl Paso.
.Leu is. New Orleans. KewTork 8-10* *'
6.45P Pajaro. Wataoarrtlla, Capitols,
cuinta Cruz. CastroTJlle. Dei
Monte, Pacific Grove 10-30* I
18-ISp >iateo.Beresford.Belnrionl,San
Carlos. Keilwood. Fair Oak*,
Mcnlo Park. Palo Alto t848*^
- CSOpSsn Jose and Way Stations. ... 5 Si*
8 C0p Palo Alto and Way Stations 10-15* -
11.30P South «an Francisco, MUlbrae. Bur-
••.--*.., :iagmne. Saa Mateo. i. >at,
b*u Carlos, ltedwood. Fair Oaks,
J Menlo Park, and Palo Alto t9-4S*>||
j aiilOP M.iy Held, Mountain View, Sunny-
1 vale, Lawrence, daau Clara and
I Sun Jo»e ....;. 19 n* g
1 A for Morning. P for Atternoo*.
Iho-lty excited. 1 Sunday oaly -
«• tfaturday only. 6 Monday Tally
lfcit,p« a: al. atattons on Sunday^
MENANDWOMEIIJ
ifirZiJ^} uiiEaNsa Cue Big «3 for onnftturntj
Jpf}Zy>n 1 la 8 dayo^VTl <li«rhar<uC.lnfloniniiUionv
/W("v - ' Oaaraatewi V irilUtlanK or •"•" '
C4K9 tot «a •triot«r» of nncoBt .i.p.nrn 4UH.
| W~W Fr»-«ot3 Cm t« t<— ¦ rain'.fss. and not a*trta«
- K5L%alllBWS6HtinM'.C». «ent or poHonout
tfTfcA OIHOtaWTUO.C*^ S^'- by Orsusiat*
! . \jjS9k. »).**> jltUr ** •*"* Ir '""'' : » r '*' > ' *»
*n*jT^5b»^ _^JPO «» — tpr<« • prapaid. MS
V I Ib1>Sbsbb^bK? 9 V •' *. cfJbotllttB .7ft
i * *Mtti^i»i^* V * Circular WOt Ob Iwaotat
» ; " .
Jt^!!?VDEWEY, STRONG CcC '
f ?RATENTSg- j >
XS^SSO MARKET ST. 5J.*t*H kl'HUlttAT^^Ptr
Forecast mad* at .San Fraadtseo tor
thirty hours ccdlajr wMwtgQi* TW»m.
ber 25, l»04:
San Francisco and rtdslty — Cloudy
Sunday, breaking away during ta»
day; Jrefh vast winds.
A. G. McAX>IE.
District Forecaster.
VOLUME XCVII— NO. 25.
HEIGHTS ARE STORMED AND JAPANESE CAPTURE A STRONG POSITION
ON PORT ARTHUR'S EASTERN LINE OF FORTS
Slav Commanders
Kondratenko and '
Irman Killed.
PRISONERS REPORT
FOCK IS WOUNDED
Nogi s Brown Warriors Hold
Fast the Ground They
Have Won.
. TOXIO. Dec. 21.— The Japanese forces
besieging Port Arthur yesterday storm
ed and now hold the heights east of
Houyangshukou. Prisoners captured by
the Japanese report that the Russian
generals. Kondratenko and Irman, have
been killed and that General Fock is
among the wounded.
A dispatch from the Japanese army
before Port Arthur, dated last mid
night, said:
"On December 22 the Russian defense
•works on the heights east of
.ehukou, Sungshu Mountain, Rihlung
Mountain and the 'H* forts were bom
barded by the Japanese with heavy
gur.s, which inflicted considerable dam
age- As a result of the bombardment
a detachment of the Japanese right
wf ng at dawn on December 23 attacked
the enemy on the heights east of Hou
yangshukou and captured the ridge and
heights at 7:40 o'clock in Jhe morn
ing'.
COUNTER ATTACK FAILS.
"Afterward the enemy concentrated
his fire from several forts at Taiyang
kou end Yahutfui upon our newly oc
cupied position, following this with a
determined counter attack, during
which hand grenades were thrown, but )
our forces firmly repulsed the enemy, j
I>ater. as the enemy's bombardment ]
abated, we constructed some defensive
•works, so that our occupation became
more assured. . I
"A* a result of our heavy gun bom- j
bardment before and during the attack, j
the fort of Taiyangkou was set on fire.
One fifteen-centimeter gun in each of
the forts was destroyed. The covers
were also considerably damaged.
TWO GENERALS KILLED.
"According to the statement of pris
oners captured at Keekwan Mountain
on December IS and of Russians who i
rurrendered in the vicinity of Etze
Mountain on December 22. during the
battle of 203-Meter Hill Genera! Kon
dratenko, commander of the Seventh ,
East Siberian Rifles Division, and Gen
eral Irman. commander of the Fourth
Artillery Brigade, were killed and Gen
eral Fock. commanding the Fourth
East Siberian Division, was wounded."
RIVAL CLAIMS OF VICTORY.
Minor Successes Reported by Oyama
and Koropatkin.
. TOKIO, Dec 24. — A dispatch from
the Japanese headquarters in Man
churia says:
"On December 22 the enemy's ar
tillery bombarded Sanchutzu, Xain
gluntung and their vicinities and at
about midnight his infantry attacked
our position south of Pinniulupao and
on the northwestern heights of Hsia
pontaitzu, but were repulsed.
"At 1 o'clock in the afternoon of
December 23 the enemy's big guns in
the neighborhood of Takuchiatzu oc
casionally bombarded our positions."
ST. PETERSBURG. Dec 24. — Gen
eral Kuropatkin reports having on De
cember 22 made a reconnaissance in
force in the direction of the Japanese
positions at Bentsiaputze. The Rus
sians forced an entry into Bentsia
putze. orcusied some of the intrench
ments and repulsed the counter at
tacks of two battalions of Japanese
with great loss, the Japanese leaving
nine prisoners in the hands of the
Russians. The Russian losses were
three officers and sir men killed and
three officers and sixty men wounded.
TOGO REVIEWS HIS WORK.
Admiral Announces That 111? Task at
Port Arthur Is Finished.
TQKIO, Dec 24.— The navy depart
ment declines to discuss the forma
tion, movements or plans of the Japan
ese flying squadron, reported to be In
the vicinity of Singapore.
The advanced Japanese batteries at
Port Arthur have succeeded in reach
ing the Russian battleship Sevastopol.
One successful hit is reported. It is
expected that the battleship will soon
be completely destroyed.
Admiral Togo announces the with
drawal of the majority of the fleet
from Port Arthur. Telegraphing under
date of December 22. he says:
"After 203-Meter Hill was occupied
as the result of a gallant and desper
ate attack by the besieging army, the
bombardment of the enemy's squadron
with siege and other heavy guns be
came effective. In consequence, the
battleships Poltava and Retvizan were
eunk and subsequently the battleships
Pobieda and Peresviet, the protected
cruiser Pallada and the armored cruis
er Bayan were sunk.
"The battleship Sevastopol escaped
The San Francisco Call.
the land bombardment, left the harbor
on December 9 and was anchored near
Chentao Mountain. She was attacked
there continuously by our torpedo
boats and heavily damaged.
"The main strength of the enemy Is
completely crushed. Only a weak gun
boat, the Otyashni, and several torpedo
boat destroyers remain afloat. Under
the circumstances, our combined fleet
has been removed as unnecessary from
the blockade of Port Arthur, which
had been maintained since May L I
have arranged for a closer watch for
ships attempting to run the blockade
and to watch the remnant of the ene
my's squadron.
"During the blockade we suffered
from the enemy's mines, both laid and
floating, on the high seas, and from
dense fogs. The cruisers Miyako, Sal -
yen and Yoshino; the Hatsuse, battle
ship; the Kaimon, gunboat, and the
Heyen, coast defense vessel, were stink
and many gallant and loyal officers and
men were killed, but we succeeded In
maintaining the blockade. When the
enemy emerged from the harbor our
fleet successfully engaged him and
finally, with the valuable support of
the besieging army, eucceeded in
crushing nearly all the enemy's squad
ron. Our second, squadron bo heavily
damaged the Vladivostok squadron
that tt has since been_unable to leave
port-
"A!l the success is gratefully at
tributed to the brilliant virtue of our
Emperor.
"During the blockade all the ships
under my command splendidly accom
plished the jvork and duty assigned to
them. Especially to be noted are some
of those who are engaged In the diffi
cult and risky task of blockading or
who tirelessly accomplished the work of
laying mines in the presence of the
enemy, others who braved all dangers
were engaged In the work of clearing
mines away and others still who were
posted to watch the enemy and guard
against the enemy's ships. Their com
bined work strongly contributed to the
accomplishment of the blockade. I
deem it my duty to especially mention
my recognition of the valuable services
rendered by the officers and men."
COSSACKS OX LO.VG RIDE.
Daring .Raiders Approach to Within
Thirty Miles of Yinkow.
BY FRANCIS McCULLAGH.
Special Cable to The Call and New York
Hem!d .Copyright 1SKH. by the New York
Hersud Publishing: Company.
SIXMIXTING. Manchuria, Dec. 24.—
Colonel Plaoutine and a Cossack force
crossed the Liao River on December
21 to watch the Japanese movements
on the west bank of the rjver. Colonel
Plaoutine marched to within thirty
miles of Yinkow, making more than
200 versts in all. He came within sight
of the Japanese post on the west bank
of the Liao River and then turned
north-northwest, marching by night on
the Yinkow-Sinminting Railroad,
which is reported to be carrying con
tra-band of war, for the Japanese.
Colonel Plaoutine ascertained* that
2000 Chunchuses In Japanese pay have
gone north of Sinminting in order to
destroy the Russian railway.
This winter march has been very
picturesque and well conducted. The
cold was intense, but the Cossacks
seemed to like it. The Russian force
found all the Chinese villages on Its
line of march fortified with ditches and
moats.
RUSSIA'S NORTH* SEA DEFENSE.
Claims to nave Ample Proof of Pres
ence of Japanese Vessels.
PARIS, Dec. 24.— The Russian de
fense before the international com
mission which is to inquire into the
North Sea incident is practically com
pleted. The main features are:
First— That the firing by the Rus
sian squadron was justified aa a de
fense -against attack. This entails
proving the presence of Japanese tor
pedo-boats. The Russian delegates
claim "they have this proof in most
positive and overwhelming form.
Second — That even if the Russians
were not attacked, • they believed they
were attacked, and, therefore, the de
fensive measures taken were in abso
lute good faith.
Third— That at most it .was an acci
dent at sea, where ~ the . dangers and
risks are extreme, and "was analogous
to the British battleship Camperdown
ramming and sinking -the British bat
tleship Victoria and the recent firing
by'a British warship upon.a coasting
vessel during target practice.
FORTY-FOUR PAGES—SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 25, ; 1904— PAGES 25 TO 34.
SLAVS FALL
WITH FACES
TO THE FOE
Entire Keek
wan Garrison
Killed.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE JAPAN
ESE THIRD ARMY, BEFORE PORT
ARTHUR, Tuesday,' Dec. 20.— Since the
general assault of November 26 and 27,
against the forts on Rihlung and Kee
kwan mountains, resulting in furious
fighting and great loss of life, the Jap
anese have, been engaged in tunneling
under the north fort of Keekwan Moun
tain, two main tunnels were run under
the north wall of the fort from the
moat for a distance of forty feet and
there were four short branch tunnels.
On the morning of December 18 seven
dynamite mines were laid, the object of
which was to destroy the s north wall
and so give the Japanese access to the
fort. -"V-
The fort had so long resisted the as
saults of the Japanese that it was con
sidered necessary that the explosions
of the mines and the subsequent at
tacks should be carefully planned.
General Samejima, commanding the
left division, asked for volunteers who
would be prepared to capture the fort
or to die in the attempt. Two entire
battalions answered the general's call,
one from the left division and the other
from the general reserves. The first
battalion remained in the caponiere gal
leries during the explosion of the mines,
while the second battalion was In a
parallel close to the wall of the counter
scarp.
ALL-BROWN UNIFORMS.
In order that the dark blue uniforms
of the men might not show against
the brown of the soil whlcS" would be
turned by . the force - of the explosion,
all the attaokers wore brown woolen
undergarments over their trousers^and
brown "sweaters" over their tunics. In
stead of a cap, each man wore a brown
woolen headpiece which extended to
the shoulders, leaving only the; face
visible. Every man carried a rifle in
his right hand and dynamite grenades
In his left, while a. lighted slow-match
was attached to his cartridge belt with
which to ignite the fuses of the gren
ades. In this peculiar garb, with the
lighted matches at their waists, the
troops presented a strange appearance.
The soldiers of; the battalion in the
caponiere galleries, who were distin
guished by white badges on their arms,
were v ordered to attack Immediately
after the "explosion of the mines/and
tb.ose of .- the Second : battalion in : the
Continued ; on Page 26, Column 14.
THE HORROR AND MAJESTY OF WAR— A NlOIlt ATTACK UPON PORT ARTHUR. SHOWING HOW THE GARRISON EM
PLOYS SEARCHLIGHTS TO LOCATE ATTACKING COLUMNS. THE NAVAL BATTERY. WHICH DESTROYED THE" RUS
SIAN WARSHIPS IN THE HARBOR. APPEARS ON THE EXTREME RIGHT.QF THE ILLUSTRATION.
FRENCHMEN
TO OBSERVE
FEBRUARY 22
Will Celebrate ffie
Natal of
WasWngton.
Special Cable to The Call and New York
Herald. Copyright.- 1004, by the New Ofork
Herald Publishing Company;
PA RIS, Dec. 2 4.— Washington's
birthday on February 22 next will be
celebrated • for the first time In Paris
by Frenchmen, enthusiastic . admirers
of America's first President. They will
not apotheosize him as a" warlike hero,
but as the world's greatest artisan* of
peace.
At a banquet to be celebrated : in- his
honor, Frederic Passy will -preside,
and speeches will" be made"; for -the
speedy 'return of peace and the estab
lishment of a "parliament of -the na
tions and a federation of the world.
LARGE SUM ' FOR FIRST TOWN
TAKING NAME OF. CUSnMAN
Widow, of Late Lieutenant Governor
Plot Massachusetts Slakes Strange
Bequest in Will.
GREENFIELD, Mass., ' Dec. .24. —
Ten thousand dollars ' awaits ■ the '. town
which .will "adopt the \ name \ of \Cush
mani By the death, at Salem; of "Mrs.
Anna Cushmah, widow Cof the I late
Lieutenant Governor Henry W.-Cush
man,\ formerly, of; Bernardstown, this
amount of money held In trust goes to
Berriardstown -if ;. It r takes the name of
Cushman. . • In "case Bernafdstown fails
to avail itself of. the' money any Massa
chusetts town of; more than, 1000 popu
lation '. may.' have ; the money under"; the
same' conditions.';. :
... In the .event - of the '. failure ';. of '• a
Massachusetts : town - to take the money
in -five* years Uhe offer is ; open -to any
town'- of '• 1 0 0 0 ? in Uhe~- United-* States. ■
BETROTHAL
OF SPAIN'S
YOUNG KING
Alfonso to Many a
Niece of British ;
i Sovereign.
Special. Dispatch to The Call.
MADRID. Dec. .24.— Madrid is expect
ing a visit from the Duke of Connaught,
King Edward's brother, in a few days,
to make arrangements with the Queen
mother for the- marriage of Kingl Al
fonso-.with the Duke's daughter,- the
Princess; Victoria. It is said that the
betrothal" will be announced in. Febru
ary./when .the King is in London. ■'.
I . The .; Princess will < be ■ admitted into
the Catholic -church.- It-Is known that
the. Duke- had ' a long interview with
the Pope on the occasion of his recent
visit to Rome. . -':^v" ..
The marriage, probably^ will .take
place about the middle of June." In this
city. The Spanish : public is V delighted
at the ; news. , . ; -. ;
. King -Alfonso hadva narrow escape
while \ riding ; in -. a ". motor car . on ' the
Prado' yesterday evening. A. wheel* of
the machine .which he ; was . driving
personally ■ suddenly • broke' arid the* car
overturned, '. but\ the. Kingr escaped' un
injured/ / King . Alfonso is .an \ except
tionally daring driver and. lite motoring
exploits; are- a : constant: source, of * an
xiety to -.the ; Queen mother and .the
Ministers." ;.'-.- i- ' : .-■/,:"■*;'"
Captain ..of. Nprde \ Acqnittcd.
COPENHA G EN. ._ Dec. £ 24 . 1— .The
maritime and" commercial .court; ren
dered judgment 1 ' to-day r In! the 'case ■ of
the, Danish -'steamer. -~ Norde, *^ which
foundered 1 with': the-'lossJof: 646 lives.'
Thedifectors of the company .were ac
quitted : and- Captain ' Gu'ndle^ ; was i *ac
quittedjof i the .charge \ that •fieilect • of
dutyj caused the loss of : the ; vessel and
contributed ' to the magnitude of 7 the"
'disaster.'" ~'"\ ' r : : X^^W.T^ ' ' '"^.'"^
THE THEATERS.
ALCAZAR— "Peacerul Valley.** Mat
inee to-day.
CALIFORNIA — "Sbor« Acre*.** Mat
lift* to-day.-
COLUMBIA— "The Billionaire."
CENTRAL — "Two Little Waifs." Mat
in-e to-day.
CIH.'TES— \ andevllle.
FIcCH ER' S— Vaudev Hie.
GRAND— "In Dahomey."
MAJESTIC — "Jim Bludso."
OUPHEllI — Vaudeville. Matinee to
day.
TIVOLI — "Kins Dodo." Matlne* U>
day.
DR. DOYEN
CURES CASE
OF CANCER
Triumptis Before a
Committee Df
Special Cable to The Call and New York
Herald. Copyright. 1904. by the New York
Heriud Publishing Company.
PARIS. Dec. 24.— Dr. Doyen scored a
success this week in the presence, of
Dr. Gallois and other members of the
committee of inquiry,' proving the ef
ficacy of his' x cure in a serious cancer
case. Dr. Gallois says:
"We saw the woman seine time ago.
She had a cancer -in the breast, which
formed a hard mass, technically called
a breastplate. It was immovable and
Impossible to be operated upon. After
a number of injections the hard mass
softened and became movable and an
operation was made possible, which,
when performed, resulted in a cure."
j Physicians are taking increased inter
est in Dr. Doyen's serum.
SENSATION IS EXPECTED
i IN THE SYVETON CASE
Evidence * Showing That the French
Deputy .Was Assassinated Rapidly
- 'Accumulating.
PARIS." Dec. 2 4.— The mystery of
the djeath; of Deputy Syveton is de
yeroplns: into a "plot and ' counter plot
rivaling Paul'- Hervius* most intense
dramas. Evidence of assassination is
accumulating and sensational arrests
are " expected. Madame Syveton has
begun 'an action against v the news
papers charging her with the responsi
bility of her husband's death. .
Dc : Crolx Stntue Unveiled.
;v PARIS, Dec. 24. — The statue of
General "de^Croix. who introduced the
use of horse, meaL was unveiled in the
slaughter-house- quarter to-day with
impressive ceremonies, f '
PRICE FIVE- CENTS.
ONCE RICH;
NOW SEEKS
COUNTY AID
Aged Man Tells Piti
ful Story of In
gratitude.
£ recial Dispatch to The Call
PORTLAND, Dec. 24.— Irvine Harris.
S2 years old, a taxpayer in Multnomah
County since 1 $63, scion - of a proud
Kentucky family, cultured and of fine
sensibilities, has gone to the poor farm
to. spend his few remaining days as a
charge on the county. He owned 160
acres of land at Orient, a small town In
Multnomah County, which he deeded to
his sons, William and Henry Clay
Harris, but now that he la old and 13 in
sore need he is denied, it is asserted,
the support he naturally expected. He
was counseled to permit the County
Court to bring the necessary action at
law to compel his children to care for
him. His reply was that he .preferred
to die in the streets rather than accept
any such aid, for the reason that his
sons*; wives were prejudiced- Sgfeinst
him and had made it impossible fuNiu*
sons to provide for him. jjffiJpSB
- "I have. only, a few. days left," said
the aged Kentuckian, "and I hope I am
violating no rule of legal propriety in
asking the county to care for me dur
ing the little time that remains."
Hi3 petition was granted, and Dud
ley Evans, In charge of the County
Board of Charities, gave him carfare to
pay his way to the poor farm.
V'l won't be much bother, I guess,"
said he to Evans, as he left the tetter's
office to go to the poor farm, "and the,
bother won't Jt>e for very long. But at
any rate, it will be a place of refuge
for me, and I will have something to
eat and a place to sleep, though I will
have to walk to the poor farm, as I
have not a cent of money in my pos
session." It was then that Evans gave
him carfare.
JAPAN TO DECORATE
WORLD'S FAIR PRESIDENT
Francis Will Receive From Mikado
.Medal of Order or the
iU-inz Sun.
ST. LOUIS. Dec. 24.— According to
a cablegram from Baron Kiyoura.
Minister of Manufactures, and Com
merce of Jr.pan. received* to-day. D.
R. Francis of th^ Louisiana Purchase
Exposition is tojbe decorated with the
gold medal of the first degree of merit
of the Order of the Rising Sun. Fred
erick J. Skiff, director of exhibits, and
E. J., Smith, who was sent to Japan
to solicit the participation of the na
tion, ns well as of private exhibitors,.
also are to be decorated,26
THIRTIETH MAN
SENT TO JAIL
■Supreme Court of Colorado
. ■ Punishes Three. More Elec
tion Officers for Contempt
AUTHORITY QUESTIONED
Attorneys File Brief Dis
v puling Right of; Tribunal
'to Assert' Jurisdiction
DEN'V'ER. Colo.. Dec 24.— Attorney !
. Samuel Belford has drawn up the brief ,
! to Do presented to the United States Su
j preme Court in the application , for a
I writ of habeas corpus '■for ' Michael
j Dowd, one of the thirty election offl - i
! cials who have been sentenced to jail
' by i ihe Colorado Supreme Court on
1 charges of contempt based on their ac
' tions at the polls. The brief questions !
j the authority of the Supreme Court to j
. take Jurisdiction of an election.
.; The brief further states that the ac
1 tJon of the Supreme Court in taking
j charge of the election in this city will
j open the eyes of the rest of the country j
j to -what is meant by government by , ;
j injunction.
i Three more election officials were sent !
; to jail -.by the Supreme Cciirt to-day for !
I contempt, making a total of thirty who
■have been sentenced for -violation of
1 ths' court's . injunction issued prior, to.
1 the November election. -^ :* 2 . . . v. \
: * Isaac Goldman and Edward Sweeney, !
judges in Precinct Two, -Ward Four/ >
j Denter, were sentenced to serve four
: months In jail and to p&y fines of $100
' and costs each. The court declared j
• that they had knowingly a&d -willfully
'permitted repeating. Clarence P. Dix-;*
. on,j clerk in Precinct Thirteen, Ward j
j Three, was sentenced to jail for four .
. months and -fined 5250 and costs. ' , ... , 3
Indictments against Michael Callahan
and Jacob Schurtz, charged, jvlth elec
tion frauds In 1903, . Were quashed ! by
Judge JohnL Mullins to-day. .
COXCORDIA CLUB HOLDS, •
ITS ANNUAL* FESTi\TnES
Siileudld Banquet Is the .' Principal
Feature of tlxe Society's* Holi
day ; Entertainment. , ■>■■. '."
The Concordia Club held its annual
Christmas festivities last night' at Its.,
clubhouse, Van Ness avenue and' Post
Etreet. About 175 members ; Were
present, all of whom .took '..an active
part in the proceedfngs. -At midnight
the entire company, adjourned^ to .ihe
large banquet hall on' the third ]floor, :
where a liberal feupper was .served." ,
The affair was of an Informal'na
ture, as Is the custom of the club.-at
functions " of this season. No -set
tpeeches were made, ; but there were
many brilliant little talks by several
of those present. It .was late , in. the
morning before the festivities came to
a close. " : .~
Charged Goods to Employer.
Nellie SL Clalr, alias Hulda Leroy.
alias Julia Smith, was arrested in Oak
land yesterday by Detectives Braig and
Siivey and charged at. the local City
Prison with havinlg obtained goods by
false pretenses. It is alleged that Nel
lie obtained a dress, hat and coat from
a local dry goods store of the value of
5120. The woman, who Is a negress,
■was In the employ of Mrs. Maud Hyde
of Athol avenue, East Oakland, as a
maid. She represented to the store
people that her mistress had ordered
the goods. After she procured them
she left the employment of Mrs. Hyde
and the detectives succeeded in locat
ing her yesterday. .
Tells Story of Being Held Up.
Charles Cheule of 304 Eighth street
•was brought to the Receiving Hospital
last night to be treated for a lacerated
ccalp. He told the attendants that
he had been held up by two men at
Tenth and Folsom streets and one of
them hit him over the head with a
club. Cheule says he knows who the
men are, but he will not prosecute
them.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THB VALUE OF CHARCOAL.
Few Peoi.:^ Know How Useful It Is In
Preserving Health and Beauty.
Nearly everybody knows that char-
coal is the safest and most efficient
disinfectant and purifier in nature,
but few realize its value when taken
Into the human system for the same
cleansing purpose. ....
Charcoal is a remedy that the; more
you take of it the better;, it; is! not i
drug at all, but simply absorbs th4
eases and impurities always present
in the stomach and intestines and carl
ries them out of the system. ■- Y f
Charcoal sweetens the -breath"' after
smoking, drinking or after eating on-
ions and other odorous vegetables."- •.-'
Charcoal effectually clean* and Im-
proves the complexion; it whitens the.
teeth and further acts as a natural
and eminently safe cathartic. • - -
It absorbs the injurious gases which
collect in the stomach and bowels; it
disinfects the mouth and throat from
the poison of catarrh.
All druggists Bell charcoal In one
form or another, but probably the
best charcoal and the most. for the
money Is in Stuart's Charcoal Lozen-
ges; they are composed of the finest
powdered Willow charcoal and other
harmless antiseptics in tablet form,
or rather in the form of large, pleas-
ant tasting lozenges.: the charcoal be-
ing mixed with honey.
The daily use of these lozenges will
soon tell in a much Improved^condl-
tipn of the general 'hearth, :• better com*'
piexlon, , sweater '-breath- and-" purer
blood. aaavthiaJeau6r.-iof.it is that no
possible \ harm -ca.h~-result from their •
continued use, «. but, /on 'the contrary^
great. benefit. . ;^. . , >.- . , .■ ■«] . i
' A 1 BuffaJo physician,: in.- speaking of
the benefits of cHArcpaJ.' says; yi advise
Stuart's' tharcoal'EHOteng'es ; to^ all pfc
tierits ' suJX erlng from ' gas' 'fin ; stomach
and bow^li J and^to'. clear JtH .e^complei-
ion an0j,T>.uA«y th^*brpa'tliJ'jno*uth."a*Vl''
throat;- -f: also;= believB '"'the' liver is
greatly t>enefi'ied by. the dally use of
them;' they cost but 25 cents a box" at
drug stores and although Jn soms
sense a patent preparation, yet I be-
lieve I get more and better charcoal
in Stuart's Charcoal Lozenges than in
any of the ordinary charcoal tablets."
"AL" BERTHIER
DIES SUDDENTLY
Former fRecdrder of County
Expires in a Chair After
Conversing "'With Friend
PROMINENT POLITICIAN
Prominent Eagle and Repub
f lican Leadei* Falls a Vic
tim ia ? : Heart
Albert Berthier, former Recorder of
this city and^.well known here, for more
than twenty 'years,*. died: suddenly ofi (
heart failure shortly after 6 o'clock last
night in the office of, the Gait 'House,*;
1200 Market street. Berthier had been
a sufferer from heart trouble f^rmany ]
years and only a week ago tfe.^com-';
plained of being very. ill. • ...•"• i ■
Berthier was seated' in a '.chair in ;
the hotel office and hud Jus.t finished
talking with one of the clerks when
he was seen suddenly to drop his hands
to his side and apparently faint away.
Medical aid was summoned,.' but .?f^~
thier had already passed -that' stage
where human assistance avails.'
"Al" BerthieT, as he was more.famil
iary known, was a native 'of Virginia
City, and 51 years old. lie, came/ to
San Francisco about twenty-five years
aero. and had since taken an^ active in
terest in politics. He was ejected Re
corder- about'- eight rears^Vgo and,
served one" term. He did riot fceekVre- ,
nomination "and he has since. beeiit en ■«•
gaged in the • real '^estate buslftesV'a'nd*
also in different ventures wltji Jerpme.
Basslty, the 11 known saiboh" 1 keeper.
v - Berthier was always, a stanch Re
ptfblican,. He : was' one Of the organlz-.
BTS of the RepUbilcari Mutual Alliance.
r Hjs influence was ajways. feit\in:.politi
.cal cricles an'd he had a'host'.ofifrlendsf^
He.' was very '■ popular j hi^ ':asso
ciates, and only % a *f$w' days. '.^agp was
elected chaplain" of '.the\ San Francisco
Aerie of Eagles:. . ■'< .-';/ ■'-./ ."' ■'^^"i-
Berthier's V^fe died several
ago: ■'*, He is suryiveS ' by. twp
daughters and - a sister, Mrs.j'jSands
Fornian.. The funeral -Viii take?place
from the Eagles' Hall "on Tuesday <at
12:30. . :^%i-~;?i'',il3 * '. .• 'V^ : '.':*v V:
I^ABOR UNIONS vELECT. . • ,
'ii- )% NEW OFFICERS FOR .YEAR
lieatlier Workers ; Present Retiring
Secretary. StoreJr.WJtli^a'Hand-'; -:
• - sbmo Diamond JjodkctJ;-- '': .. .'*
At the' 'meeting; of- "the Leather
Workers' '..Union ? No.-- 57 last .night re-'
tlrinff.'Secretary, W.'S.' v Slorek was'pre
sehted. by,, the . presidenti - behalf of
the union," with. a. dlamorid^ locket.^T^e
union' elected j the^following;. offlcerg^
President, .l>aniel /Dopdy;.. vice. $r«H- !
dent-' Ji" A.iMutigeri" retb'fdihg" Si«re«
tary, D. Hurtdn.;v;'secretary.-treasurer,'
Charles L. , Bennett; ■ marshal, • P.
Lamb; . chaplain, Frederick Anderson;
guard; William' A. King; organizer/ W. !
S. Storek;. Journal correspondent, Wil
liam Ward; executive., board, Charles !
A. Grainer, James Coriroy, W. S. Sto- j
rek. D. Burton and F. Sweeney. •- !
Bartenders' League No.' 41 has i
elected the following officers: Presi-;
dent, jEd F. Leamon; first vice presi- j
dent, A. Hunt; second vice president, j
E. Peterson; recording secretary, A. j
Zimmermann; financial secretary, P. i
L. HofT; treasurer, C. F. Meyer; busi
ness agent and Inspector, Al Con
drotte; inside guard, F. Flathmann;
outside guard, A.« Sieber; trustees, T»
Scully, J. Chaubin and C. F. Ehlert;
executive board, P. Tully, T. Scully, P.
Hunter. C. F. Ehlert and M. Kovary; \
delegates to Labor Council, William;
N. Battersby, P. Hunter, M. J. Mur-j
phy, A. Hunt; C. F. Ehlert, E. F. Lea- ]
mon, A. Foley, Thomas Scully, P. L. '
Hoff and* Al Condrottei delegates to ]
local joint executive. board, P. L. Hoff, j
E. F. Leamon and A. J. Foley; alter- j
nates to joint executive board, G. Ren
ken, M. J. Murphy and W. N. Batters
by. ./-;V-
Express Drivers' Union No. 472 has
elected the following: President, E.
D. Turner; vice president, W. C. de
Frlez; recording secretary, George
Green; secretary-treasurer, O. E. Mil
ler; sergeant at arms, R. Scanlan;
warden, A. Murphy.
Tileiayers' Union No. 48 elected the
following officers: President, William
Marble: vice president,' Morris Kirwan;
financial secretary, Ed Doyle; treasur
er, John Shane; recording secretary,
Frank McDonald; sergeant at arms',
William McGrath; trustees, Robert
Geary, James Smith, Harry Hall; dele;
gates to. Building Trades Council, Ed
Barker, Harry Hall, Charles Weber; al
ternates. Jack Hurley, Fred Parks and
Joseph Schwartz; 'delegates to State
Building Trades Council convention to
be held, in Los Angeles January 9, Ed
Barker; trustee, Progressive Planing
Mill, Morris Kirwan: trustee Organized
Labor, August Iten. ■ . - - -.
RAVES INSANELY .OVER
. *• " . ' DEATTI OF HIS SISTER
Aarom Brackman, Seventeen Years of
,».. Age, Is Taken 'to tlie Deten- ,
■ . ,- : :"." tion Ward.
Aarom Brackman,. a- youth of 17
years, was taken to the Central Emer
gency Hospital last night suffering
from hysteria over the death of. his
sister, which occurred slx~ months ago.
He was brought to the hospital by his
uncle, Antone Klein, who said Brack
man began showing signs of * mental
unbalance two weeks ago -and- since
then spent most of his time in crying
and wailing over the. death of the
girl, . to whom he had been warmly
attached.
' * It* is 'tiot'- believed that Brackman's
afflictldn lsvmore than hysteriaJ >His
home. is' at? 4228 Twenty-sixth street
■ Trjf; Biiiiko ■ Game.
■ \ -John} Morrison and Jonn Boyd were
arrested -last n.lghtUn the store- of the
<jJeason-RUggies' Drug -Company, at
Ciay-and .Kearny; streets and placed in
the t tahks at» the'^plty Prison -pending
..investigation. /According to Policeman
rNefsbn, who made the arrests, the men
were attempting to "rob the clerk; on
a " short j change game. _: Before they
were successful \ Nelson , appeared and
arrested them. _ V ■ '.
. . The . more money a man - makes by
riot" getting engage! the more he can
lose lending it to, those who do.
THE SAN-FRANGISGOGALLV SUNDAY, DECEMBER 25; 1901.
MIRSKY'S GOOD
WORK GOES ON
AMislimeiit of tlie- Pass
isjyt S^tenviWill Be the
Next /lleforni in Eussia
UNDOING PLEHWE ? S ACTS
Well Kno^Ti Eagle and Ee
;. publican " ijeader^ F^ljs a
": Victim- to Heart^Aiection
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 24.'— Russia
is oii'the.eve of abolishing thfe^passport
system?- . The ..question ha3 already/been
4icjded^in principle by the* commission
which .'is {'investigating "th&v/lp.asaport
question.' A new law will be
erated by the Senate within^x weeks
asVbfie of the solid reforhir.; resulting
from; the' administration * oft Interior
Minister .'Sviatopolk-MIrsky,;> ££ ; .
/^je.Zemstvfls- of the Qavernmerit of
TiyeT" amd ,«pff-**the. : Distr^t- 6t. Novo
torshk have, had restored" to. ifiem the
right to ' elect 'their presidents from
aihbng their own meinbers.' A year ago'
thQlite Minister of\the von
Elejlve disapproved ot-^the | presidents
elected by., these ZemstVos'and replaced
them. i.with*' h|8 own nominees. ...The
restdratiom^f • the right to . elect .'their
pr<5sWlents' ; 'iri the. case of the two yZem
stvos mentioned -is regarded as being
.a -sijrniflcant sigh of the times.
; ' CHERNIGOV, Rugsia.JDec.-^.-^-Forty
members bf -.the Ideal -Zemstvo, Includ
ing the president, who signed the recent
telegram to Emperor Nicholas, have re
signecS* * ' ; : .-.. : . ' "^-. ; ■'^ ; '
J-. ..The'.CherriJgoVjZemetvo on December
■ 20 telegraphed- resolutions begging Em
fperpr Nicholas* in th^ most loyal man
; ne>f to convoke legally elected nienVbers
of 'the Zemstvps to present a pro?
gcamme^ of reforms. for his con3idera
' tioh.- . v The Emperor . on .December 22
; wrote the following Indorsement on the
Chernigov Zemstyo's dispatch.;. " ■; .,
*' "I consider the :actlciri' of ' the presi
ident v ..toi be ( presumptuous and tactless.
|'Que"sti6ns : 'of 'state administration ' are
ii>f no' ; concern 'to; the" Zemstvos, whose
• fahctlonsv aridjrights are clearly.de
f flfted by. tlie •. law. "'•'■.' . h ; :' v -- ' .
TOXGUES OF FLAME LEAP
FROM BURNING MiNE
Efforts, to . Cheek Conflagratldn^Seem
Unavailing, and Sides of Stope
Collapse. >;•;.:'■
' MAHANO Y CITY, Pa. , Dec. 24.-^0- j
day tongues of flame leaped., forty -feet j
the burning Mprek'mlriej'arid-
Wll. efforts to check the ? fire -have;!tllus
;far.-T)foVed unavailing.' -•-■,?';''.■.•-.;*';: >
d TTxe;stope has been a almd*st^entirely
swe'pt.of timber. . from ,1;he pumphpuse, --.
>iwhere.tbe fire originated last night, to •
i the ? surface, a distance of neaHy, 400 .
feet..-, v.i. '..- : ;%- .■ '--i ;Vf X'-:< \ ' '
/ TJie;. roof • and sides of the stope .have •
collapsed In several - pIaces.'. %^iiBeYeral .
■mine' inspectors, officials of the>Dobson"
Coal Company, who own the mine, and
others spent almost the entire day in
I an : effort -to cpnfinfe the fire to the
I "man" stope, but with what success
j they are unable to determine. The col
: llery, which is one of the largest. in the
I region, Is. In no danger.
DESTITUTE COLORADO !
MINERS IN ST. LOUIS
Sixty-Two Men Forced Out of State •
• Reach Fair City In Search j
for Work. j
ST. LOUIS, Dec. 24.— Sixty-two Col- 1
orado miners have arrived in St. Louis, i
having beaten • their way. from La f
Junta, after being driven out- of the 1
State by deputy sheriffs.' Most of them ;
left their wives and families at Cripple
Creek and other places in Colorado
where they had worked.: .They are look- '
ing for work and most of them are'
without money. . ' c .„.,....;". •
At the World's Fair, where they went
to look. for work at wrecking, 'they. were
unsuccessful because they, had no rrion
ey with which to buy admission tickets
to the grounds to see the contractors.
EXTRADITION PAPERS
FOR DR. Li S. CHAD WICK
Cleveland Sheriff Teiegrap*^ a'ifequcst
to Governor Odell of' j
New York. j
CLEVELAND, Dec. 24.— Sheriff Barry [
to-day telegraphed -.Governor/ Odell of
New York asking that the extradition
papers . f or . Dr. Leroy S. Chad wicki
jointly indicted with his wife, Cassie L. .
Chad wick, .on a charge of forgery, be,
granted on the Sheriff's arrival In Al
bany Monday. V. j
BATTLESHIP IOWA BUMPS :
INTO PIER AND IS. INJURED
Accident . Occurs ; Wlille Vessel Is Be
ing Docked at Newport
.... 'News..-' . . •.".
:•" NEWPORT NEWS. Dec, 24.— The
United States battleship Iowa, . while
being docked at a. shipyard here to-
day, came in violent contact- with: the
structural work of the pier. The ash
chute and guard rails . were. . carried
away and the ship otherwise dan. iged.
Faster Tiine -Westwai'd.
. CHICAGO, Dec. 24.— The Rock Island
has decided • upon a further reduction
in the time of Its trains between" Chi
cago and Los Angeles. Beginning to
morro'w the California speclai will, leave
Chicago at 8:40 a.' m., arriving at Los
Angeles' at • 6:S0- a. m.' the' third ■ day.
The Golden State Limited, after -to
morrow, will be run on a 68-hour sched
ule. ' " * • ' ' " • ■■ • • "•.'
Twelve, Dead; Twenty Hurt.
PARIS, Dec. 24. — The victims of
last night's railway collision in a" fog
between the London-Boulogne express
and the"' Lille express ;6utside the"
Northern Railway station here num
ber twelve dead; and twenty, seriously
injured. Air the victims .were -French.
' Are yori looking - for employ-
incut? " . Do yoii: want to better
'your." position?.'.. \". i;y * '.. •.
If so bo suro to> look ; over
this'/ Help .; '.Wanted Columns of
THE CALL V^You/ivill find some
one ■ that wants your "services? -
FIERCEST
FIGHTfflGJF
THE SIEGE
Russian Garrison on East
. Keekwan; Mountain Con
tinues Unequal Combat Un
4il It . r - Is Annihilated
Continued From Page 25, Column 3.
parallel^ \vho were distinguished by
red badges on their' arms, were, to
make - the : " second assault. .' General
Samejima- personally conducted those
assaults at 2 o'clock on the, afternoon
of ; Pecember 19, . after the .explosions
had. taken place. . r ',\
The ; first mine exploded without
warning and the explosion was not en
tirely successful^ owing to the heavy
concrete above the mine. The explo
sion of the second mine followed im
mediately and this was succeeded by
five smaller explosions. . , . ::
The sight wonderful in the ex
treme. Huge clouds of brown earth
and debris of all kinds were thrown
200 feet into the air and.it looked as if
the whole fort had been sent heaven
ward. When the clouds of • earth had
settled down, the snow for some BOO
yards around the fort was covered with
brown earth, .pieces of timber and
blocks of concrete. -. .. .
The -explosions made two. t large
breaches in the north wall of the fort,
through .which the . Japanese in the
moat swarmed. ;.They charged so
quickly that fifty of them were either
killed or wounded by the falling
debris. The . Japanese succeeded in
gaining the ramparts and charged- the
interior of the fort, but they were re
pulsed by apportion of the garrison
from behind a wall at ; the rear of the
fort, which had not been touched by
the force of the explosion. Behind this
wall there were four field guns and
three machine guns.
In the meantime, the. Russians had
rushed re-enforcements of some 300 to
the fort, through the covered wall at
the rear. ...
The Second battalion of attackers
was not- able "•' to advance immediately,
as the ; sapping trenches . from the
parallel to the. moat were -filled with
debris. "When this debris had been ex
cavated the. battalion, gained the moal
and/reached the ramparts through the
breaches ■■ that had ;been made by. the
explosions. . •/ *
SCATTERS \HIS MEX.
'The' ; cpmmander''of ;tnis' enterprise
'realized that' any attempt to gain the
'Interior of "the- fort would : end in ; dis
aster if his v.'hole force advanced in one
body, so hie- disposed 7 his men along
the Wall arid ordered them t6 gain the
lower level of tne Interior of the fort by
twos "and. tfitees arid' to find cover in
the . holes' which"' had'beeft -made ' in' the'
surface by the*' Japanese' shells. -In the
Vwhole -. center \ dt - the | tort .; great holes
had been torn 1 , by 'the shells
and these-bf£ered gt)qd s cover from the
rifle &nd m&chhie gunflre^llrected from
the rear of the.. fort. 'In. these holes 150
of the attackers had found cover: by 5
o'clock in the evening. .;: .^.
. Advancing .carefully, the Japanese
approached the Russian defenses in
the rear of the fort- and by working
from hole to . hole under cover of the
darkness the entire battalion gained
the interior of the fort, notwithstanding
the desperate resistance made by the
Russians^ '. * . /v^>;v';
The first charge made against the
wall of 'sandbags proved -unsuccessful,
but charge followed charge, until mid
night,* when the last corner of the Rus-.
sian defenses was captured.
The fighting was desperate In the ex
treme',- with bayonets and dynamite
hand grenades, and the entire garrison
was killed, with the "exception of a
party of twenty who escaped through
the covered wall, which they destroyed
behind them by exploding four mines
and thus .prevented the Japanese pur
suing them. .:■'/.; '-.*.
.. GARKISOX? DIES FIGHTING.
• Though the numbers engaged' and the
area of the' fighting were small",' both
assault and defense were more v furious
than any in the previous history of the
siege of Port Arthur. With the excep
tions noted the garrison died fighting,
to the last manwith wonderful deter
mination.
The final rushes of'the Japanese were
irresistible. Their wounded refused to
retire and ;.in-siste.d on continuing the
fighting; saying' that they had vowed to
take the fort and that they must suc
ceed.
. Four field guns and three machine
guns were captured and. more than 300
Russians were killed. ,
The skillful .maner in which the sec-'
ond .assault was executed prevented
heavy losses and ensured the capture
of the fort, which, though not the larg
est, is one of the strongest of the east
ern' fortified ridge. The fort is im
portant to the'' Japanese, as* it opens
a way up the' gorge between it and the
eastern part of Keekwan Mountain and
is the easiest point at. which to pierce
the - principal line of fOrtlilcations for
the purpose of "gaining a foothold cm
the. higher hills of the fldge.
! The, stubborn resistance made by' the
Russians was duetto the fact that the
captured fort was the key "of the posi
tion at this point of their western flank.
• . ADVERTISEMENTS,^ ;
Jifter
Naiisca between meals, belching, vom-
iting, flatulence, fits of. nervous head-
ache,:, pain inutile stomach, are all
symptoms ."of - dyspepsia, >; and , .: the
longer it is neglected the harder itns,
to cure it. • '. . . . ■
Hood's Sarsaparilla
and Pills
•Radically. "and "permanently cureVitt-t
'strengthen and ' tone i the stomach 5 and
other digestive , orgaifui 'for. the 7/aV«ra/
.performance; of, their. functions.':' { '' : ':
Testimonials ' of ■ remarkabla cures mailed on
request. >. C. I.' HOOD CO., . Lowell, Mass. ; ; ,
rj! /tpVEBTlSEMENTS^^^ ■ .^^^^
Ssm . OF HIGH-GRADE SHOES
A Sale that will add to the fame of the Rightway. A Sale ] l
i§|i|p that vvil! cause a sensation. A Sale th:U means much to &t -W
you- if you care to save. This is our first Clean-Up and jg0P
your first opportunity to participate in a genuine Right-
way bargain event. Twenty-five expert shoe .men will
be at your service. You are assured of a perfect fit, high
• quality and every favor that it is within our power to *$$&
' THE SALE WILL BEGIN TUESDAY MORNING. BBS®
Clean-Up Prices Clean-Up Prices jdL
on Men's Shoes on Ladies' Shoes
• Great chance for real saving. Price Great news for San Francisco women. dBSB&L
reductions are'Renuine; styles new; qual- The best bargains offered in many years. J ""-. f -^3
ities the best. Come Tuesday sure. ' JB p f
$2.50 and S.voo Shoes— a large Cj 0(1 Oxford Ties and Slippers; — Too many Cg m^ff
assortment; ko for vliUU styles to classify and describe. The prin-
v $300 and $4.00 Shoes — GreatOQ 7f| cipal point is this: We have placed shoei ' '* aiP^Sk
variety of styles; go for.. '. Oti 1 U- and slippers worth from $2 to $5 in one
, ■ - - Johnston &• Murphy $6.00 and $6^.50 lot and offer them at, per pair... OCg
' .• Shoes; Bannister, Slater & Morrell and U V W .
: - ' S Boyden $6.00 and $8.00 Shoes are' placed $2.50 Shoes, fine goods, go for CI Qfl
in one lot and offered at O/l fC OiiOU —JUEM—
fflgmffl .. : ■.■*■• ' . .-■ '■" j $ -^° and .-$4.oo Shoes, plenty QO 7p ig tt|
GgMgE&l Na man in San Franasco of sizes, go for OtilU t& ''■ -TJ
WHT . % should miss these opportunl- Laird & Schober $500 and 0/1 I K fi v/
**«**^\ ties to make real savings . . $600 Shoes will «o for OHilj J^P^
CleapJ^Prices ciean-^Mces on : "^
g&tisL on Boys Shoes rhiiHrin'c % rt « •---
■B&SSa ■ We are specialists m boys' shoes. We HMrllliarcn S O1IO6S P^^llH"'
m^mSm < search . untirinRly for the best— the wear • Shoes for younj? ladies are included ■■<£ \
rcsisters. Here's a chance to get the under this head. .Great chances here for .«|,- = '-^-kp
I^^^P*^ best at special prices: . - • mothers to accomplish a neat saving. Bbh 18*
■^$k Boys'' Calfskin Shoes -Thoroughly Patent Leather Bluchers-Sizes 4 to «^A
' dliS^ '-and carefully made to stand har(! wear. II; turne d soles, spring heels. Sell regu- jjg£&,
. '. \ ou ** nt KO wron S' lf y° u selcct from njrly- for $i.*o and $2.00. according to
.■- ;■ .these. -■ • , . size. Speciai price to close out., ffl flfl
■*;; Sizes'Q to 13%. Regular $1.25; Qflp ...\."...... CliUU
! Sa Sizes" C x e "to 1*6 •' Regular' ' $1 50 O| |fl Children's Shoe»-Great for wear and |^| l|k
sale price ....'....• O'lIU * c . ' 3^ o ««.^ Sst-SVj
1 • Sizes $ to 8.- Coc . «H a?***
Bring the boys in while .. sizes 8^ to 1 1 80c tjB&
" vacation time is bn ... : .- -Sizes 11 to 2 ......03c
, t . ;;. . ;' Store Closed Mpriday--The Sale Begins Tuesday Morning.
CHANGES AMONG PRELATES - ■
■ OF THE' CHURCH- OF ROME
Mgr. Chappelle to Be Relieved of Hi3
Duties as Papal Delegate
to Cuba.
! ROME, Dec. 24.— While Mgr. Chap
pelle, Archbishop of New Orleans and
papal delegate to Cuba and Porto
Rico, soon will be relieved of his post
in the Antilles, he still will retain thd
Archbishopric of • New Orleans.
" With the • relinquishment by Mgr.'
Broderick of the post Of auxiliary
Bishop of Havana, it is said that ho
will be entrusted with the confidential
mission of urging greater offerings of
Peter's pence In the United States, be
cause of the relations existing. between
France and the Holy See.
Recommendations have" been made)
to the Vatican to have Mgr. Edward
Fowler, secretary of Archbishop Harty
of Manila, appointed auxiliary Arch
bishop of Havana In succession to
Mgr. Broderick.
LONDON FOG LIFTING, /
lliirBUT IS STILL DENSE
Casualties on Water Result From
Anxiety of Shipping-to""'Make-
and Lcave'Port.
LONDON, Dec. 24.— The lower
Thames' to-night presents an extraord
inary and •" unprecedented _ spectacle,
The fog, slightly lifting, reveals" from
Liverpool to Greenwood Beach .hun
dreds of great liners and steamers from
every quarter of the giooe,- lifting an
chors andv.preparing to move to docks
after three days of Inaction and ob
scurity on account of the, banks offog.
A' number - of • outward-bound liners
have been able to proceed, but, conse
quent to the great number of incoming
vessels gathered ; at ' the mouth of the
Thames and other points in the chan
nel and coupled with the anxiety of
these craft to: reach -their docks, ship
ping reports are full of minor casualties
and collisions. • , \
Up to- midnight no serious disaster
has been reported. ■ >"'
Miles ns a Mllitiamnn.
BROCKTON, Mass., Dec. 24.— A re
arrangement of the most , important
positions on the staff of Governorr
elect Douglas was decided' on to-day.
Lieutenant General Nelson A. Miles.
United States army, retired, instead of
being 'made adjutant general was apr
pointed inspector general and will' act
as the ; military adviser • of the ' Gover
nor, in effect holding 'the position of
chief of staff. , • • .'..
Irish Giant inf. Poorhouse.
'NEW YORK, Dec. 24.— After hav
ing been exhibited for: more than five
years,' during which time he has visit
ed nearly, all the ! principal cities of
th^ United States and Europe. Wil
liam Coririery, known as "the Irish
giant." j to-day.-^vas sept to the City
Almshouse. Conhery is ; 7 feet 1 inch
in Height. ,. , ' '.' : , .. ,:' • . ; . V- .
.Lillian Russell's '.^Triumph.
NEW-YORK, DeV£4.TrLlllian Rus
sell 'was V given a very •demonstrative
welcome ; to-ni?htVori .the 'occasion Jot
heri return : . as 'a star at the Casino in
"Lady.fTeaile." .; '
WILL GIVE .GOVERNMENT
••':;' V BENEFIT OF HIS VIEWS
Engineer Noble Is Called to WasWns-
ton in Connection* With Palouse
; " -Irrigation Project.
.; SPOKANE. Dec. 24.— T. A. Noble, the
resident' engineer of the United States
Geological . Survey, who nas prepared
tlie plans for the Palouse irrigation
project, has been, called to Washington
to be present at. the negotiations be
tween the Government and the Oregon
Railroad., and Navigation" Company.
The railroad has submitted a proposi
tion to the Government to surrender
possession of Washtucna Coulee for
approximately $200,000 so that it can
bo used as a reservoir for irrigating
about 75,000 acres.
The building of the proposed ipiga
tion system is part of the work de
signed by the reclamation act and the
Secretary of the Interior has already
set aside $1,000,000 for the scheme. As
the scheme was outlined the . coulea
was the key to the situation for the
storage of waterl The Oregon Railroad
and Company had a track
down the coulee to Connell ten years
ago and ceased to operate it for sev
eral years- Early last spring the com
pany reconstructed the track into Con
nell.
French. Count in Police Court.
NEW YORK, Dec. 24. — Charged
with systematically .robbing a man
who had befriended him, a young
man,, whose name is said to be Count
Norman de le Creasan Luis, a mem
ber, of an old French family, was ar
raigned in the Police Court to-day.
Despite the young man's protest that
he was innocent, he was held in $1000
bail ..for hearing. The .complainant'
was John S. Corland, a retired mer
chant. ' . ; ■ '•
-LrikSmSm ':" - Complete and reliable infotma- '■m^^
r -^wHSSfrn <:t^»'* n our acw,'amply an4 beaut- QSp^aaM
Mailed free on request. \xl
-^^^COX SEED CO_^^^
• "*^®fe|h^" Saa Pmaciico, ■ * '
. caL _g^H|JCT'*^
MYSTERIOUS DISAPPEARANCE
OF AN ITALIAN IS SOLVED
Remains Are Found In a Deserted Mill
Under Circumstances That
Pomt to 31-order.
BOULDER CREEK. Dec. 24. — Af
ter a lapse of two years the disap
pearance of Rossettl Pedrattl has been
solved by a workman, who, while In
specting a battery of old boilers In
the Dougherty mills that have been
closed for the last three years, dis
covered the charred and calcined
bones* of a human being. The Iden
tity of'the remains was established by
a metal medallion Pedrattt was known
to wear around his neck. It had
dropped through the grate bars and
thus escaped the flames that de
stroyed the body. The only one re
maining of his family, Pedrattl had
left Italy to escape a vendetta that
had left him motherless and father
less only to met his death at the
hands of the relentless Mafia la Cal
ifornia. His death removed the last
of the heirs to valuable estate* la
Italy.
Butte Jury Disagree*.
BUTTE, Dec 24. — After beta* out
forty hours . the jury In the cass of
Jerry Slattery, the well-known ■port-
Ing man, charged with the murder of
Patrick Mahoneyv was to-day dis
charged by Judge McCleemey after
they had made a futile effort to reach
a ' verdict. The case has attracted
much attention and there will be a
retrial.
Fire Destroys a Coronado Home.
SAN DIEGO. Dec. 24. — Fire to-day
destroyed the large two-story house
owned by Frederick W. Koepen on
C avenue, between Tenth and Orange,
at Coronado. Loss $5000. . !REGINALD VANDERBILT AND WIFE
ENDOW WARD IN HOSPITAL,
CHRISTiHAS GIFT IN HONOR OF
•• ■ THEIR- INFANT DAUGHTER :i: "
Haven fop Little
- . Sufferers in
New York.
Ei*c!i.l Dispatch to The Call
• NEW YORK. Dec. 24.— In honor of
their 1-year-old daughter, Kathleen,
.and bv wav of a Christmas offering.
Mr. and Mrs. Reginald Vanderbilt
.have established in Lincoln Hospital,
One Hundred and Forty-flrst street
and Southern boulevard, a completely
equipped infant ward. It will be known
"as the "Kathleen Vanderbilt Ward,"
•end its formal opening will take place
at noon on Monday with a Christmas
for the little inmates of the hospital.
The ward is on one of the upper
floors with a southern exposure. It is
regarded as the best located ward in
the institution. All of the usual up
to-date apparatus, furnishings and
conveniences have been Installed. ' It
Is practically certain that the future
.maintenance of this part of the hospi
tal work will never want for proper
financial support. The ward will ac
commodate twenty infants, and provis
ion will be made for a larger number
If necessary. \
Glazed tiJe and other microbe proof
material form the walls of the ward.
The beds, apparatus and fittings are of
the most approved sanitary character.
Physicians and nurses regard the ward
as a model of its kind, and are un
stinted in their praise of Mr. and Mrs.
Vanderbilt for their generosity.
At the opening on Monday Mr. and
Mrs. Reginald Vanderbilt. Mrs. Neil
son <Mrs. Vanderbilt's mother), and
most of the other members of the Van
derbilt family, with a few intimate
friends, will be present to witness the
lighting of the Christmas tree and the
distribution of presents to the tiny in
mates. Little Kathleen Vanderbilt
also will be there to gaze on the light
ed candles and see the other babies
get their dolls and toys.
COURT FREES PRISONERS
Dispenses Ante-Christmas Mercy to
Fifteen Offenders.
NEV,- YORK. Dec. 24. — Ante-
Christmns mercy was dispensed in an
unusual manner by Judge F. J. Hig
gins in the First Criminal Court in
Jersey City to-day in releasing fifteen
•prisoners from the County Jail. Af
ter the regular session of court to-day
the Judge called together the court
attaches and reporters who usually
are on duty in the court and Informed
th^m that. in recognition of the
Christmas season, he had decided to
permit each of them to name one
prisoner in the County Jail whose re
lease they desired.
It required but a moment for the
officers and reporters to make their
decisions and fifteen cell doors swung
open and the prisoners were told they
were at liberty. The beneficiaries were
eleven men and four women.
GLOOMY CHRISTMAS.
Strike in Fall River Spoils Yulctide
Festivities.
FALL RIVER. Mass., Dec. 24.—
Meetings of the various textile unions
are to be called within a short time. It
is learned, to vote upon the question
of further continuing the cotton mill
strike. No vote has been taken by
the unions since the strike began
twenty-two weeks ago upon the ques
tion.
It is a gloomy Christmas season in
Fall River, although every effort is
being made to make Christmas day as
bright as possible under the circum
stances. All the unions have given
strike pay to their members. Several
carloads of toys are coming from Bos
ton, but labor leaders say it Is food
that the suffering operatives and chil
dren in Fall River need the most.
Loubet's Wife Slakes Gifts.
PARIS. Dec 24.— Madame Loubet.
wife of the President, celebrated
Christmas evening by giving presents
to the children of functionaries of the
Elysee Palace and distributing $2000
SLtnong widows who are supporting
families.
AD VERTISEM EXTS.
CONSTIPATION
• \' r ° r **** ■'■• r^f I «uffer*d wltfc chront« eo«.
•tipatio. and «Jarli>t RiU lime I t»d to take at
iBjeetion nt vans «»ur ocr« tvrr r U ht-nn b*for«
f /-«ald h.ve.a action on my bo«cl». Happtlj I
tned latearrw. and today 1 «m » w»ll tn»m.
Uorracibe eir.o y-«rt be?or« I ntrd C«.c»r»ti I
«e!T-«-d Kotr.m nil.rry witU tnl-roal pll««. Thank*
to r*»» • am fre» from a || thai lixis moraine. Vom
fc. r. TUUtr. Roauoia. 111.
Sent Sleketu Weaken or flritw Me &» v??I5
I. (b-lk. Tb. C*n-tn«Y5let .tSSl^lCCa
««Araot«ed to cur* or your mose? b*ek. *»*"*•
Stcrtisg Resedy Co., Chieajo or N.V. 601
. mUkl SALE, TEH MILUON BOXES
f; visit DR. JORDAN'S anzArd
iiSUSEUH OF AHATOKY^
'/ C^5 «m:trzircT.ii*.i:kfc?i,s.r.fa:. A
\ ' fc * l-*'? r »i Aaatoaical Mnoa in ih« \
ft «^*fe^% World. U tut.<..n or tny raniractrd A
O /I'Stisi kptailmeitlntcir. E.t. j« r etr» ©
A k&fc*h CH. JCRDAN-D'SFASE8 OF MEN A
\ yCSffia Cot»ul««i«i h— tad .tnctly prirmtt. \
0 K 6«f(j Tr«t««?l p«r-or.»tiy er (r letter. A A
"8 1/ flh /«».!»« On in tvery our. cnd«nakcn. \
• Avu l<f> Wrrt * <r * P«t. «•««»-• norm .r A
• ll ll BlItRIAGi:, MAILKA FKaB. Uf
A ii ll- **>"**>'* bcnk iot o^a) — \
V DB. JOCDiS * CO.. lOtl Mtrfcrt!<t..fl. F. Q
JUDGE ACTS
AS WOMAN'S
SANTA CLAUS
Divorce Granted
as Christmas
Present.
GIFT PLEASES HER
Special Dispatch to The Call.
APPLETON, WIs.. Dec. 24.— Mrs.
Alice Morris applied to Judge Goodland
this afternoon for a divorce as a Christ
mas present. She was accompanied by
her attorney, who had all the neces
sary papers prepared.
The woman had made a previous ap
plication, but It was denied. The case
was reheard and the decree granted on
the ground of cruel and inhuman treat
ment. , .
With a choking voice the woman
made public thanks in the courtroom
for her bountiful gift.
CHRISTMAS IN ENGLAND.
Fog Falls to Dampen the Ardor of the
Britishers.
LONDON. Dec. 24.-The Christmas
spirit was abroad throughout England
to-day, notwithstanding the continued
heavy fog, which normally acts as an
extreme depressant. Not in years has
London had such a thorough dose of
that pea soup atmosphere for which the
metropolis is famous; but the popula
tion, which grumbled during the week
because of the inconveniences atten
dant upon the fog, changed Its mood
to-day, and, accepting the inevitable,
prepared to spend a merry Christmas,
even welcoming the fog as a Christ
mas gift and a friend of olden days.
In all the great homes in England the
Yule log is burning. From Sandrlng
ham to the humblest residence, rela
tives who are scattered throughout the
rest of the year are gathering to spend
the Christmas. It is estimated that
1,500.000 persons poured out of London
to-day. To those who witnessed the
tremendous rushes at every station,
the wonder was that any person could
be left to people London. But the exo
dus # leaves no appreciable mark in the
streets, which- are thronged with -mil
lions of Christmas shoppers arfd sight
seers, though the fog limits the scope
of view to about forty feet.
Most of Jhe Cabinet officers and diplo
mats have left London. King Edward
and Queen Alexandra with the immedi
ate royal family are gathered at
Sandrlngham Palace, where Christmas
will be celebrated in the usual manner.
Their Majesties will closely observe all
the Christmas customs. There will be
a Christmas tree for the royal children
around which three generations will
meet as privately as royalty ever meets
to enjoy a typical home Christmas.
Embassador. and Mrs. Choate are vis
iting Baron Mount Stephen at Brockett
Hall, Hatfield, Hertfordshire, and Sec
retary of the Embassy Henry White
has a number of guests at his country
place. Consul General Evans with his
family has gone to Paris.
Provision for the poorer classes has
been* arranged on a scale even larger
than usual and although there is an al
most Incredible number of destitute
and unemployed persons In London
there is every reason to suppose that
no one will be without some sort of
Christmas dinner.
CHICAGO IS GENEROUS.
Princely Sam Expended in the Windy
Cltr.
CHICAGO, Dec. 24.— It is estimated
that It will cost Chicago more than
$22,000,000 to celebrate Christmas this
year. Never has money been expend
ed so freely In celebrating a holiday In
the history of the city. Shopkeepers
say that people began to buy Christ
mas presents in October. As the sea
son advanced the buying of presents
became more enthusiastic. It did not
cease for a day. While most- of the
sum mentioned went- for Christmas
I gifts, the sum spent for Chri&amas* din
ners, trees and decorations is taken
into consideration In the following es
timate, the' figures being gathered from
the best sources of Information:
Estimated Christmas receipts of ten
large State-street stores, $10,300,000;
Christmas receipts of other State-street
stores, $2,500,000; Christmas receipts
from other than State-street stores,
$3,000,000; money spent for Christmas
turkeys and other poultry, 4500,000; cost
of other articles composing Christmas
dinners; $1,000,000; gifts by corporations
and firms to employes, $1,500,000; cost
of shipping Christmas presents by ex
press, $500,000; 60,000 Christmas trees,
$50,000; decorations', $50,000; charities
and gifts. $50,000. Total, $22,050,000.
DINNERS FOR THE POOR,
New York's Needy Will Be . Well
Taken Care Of. .
NEW. YORK. Dec. 24.— New . York
began Its Christmas celebrations , to
night and various hospitals in the city
had trees for the children In their
wards. ■'■: , f
For to-morrow arid, Monday the city
had prepared a grand celebration for
the little ones, and for the hungry In
the poorer sections. The Salvation
Army will feed 50,000 people and other
charitable .organizations will provide
for double .this numoer.
It is estimated to-night that
than 250,000 Christmas trees have been
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', SUNDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1004/
SAN DIEGO
MISS PLANS
A SURPRISE
Parents to Learn
of Wedding on
Christmas.
PRETTY ROMANCE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Dec. 24.— The news of the
wedding of Walter Draper of Ligonier, !
I ml., and Miss Bertha D. Randall of
San Diego, Cal., will be a Christmas
surprise for the parents of the young
couple. They were married in the par
lors of the Stratford Hotel by Rev. W.
\\. Martin, who came from Ligonier*
for the purpose. Draper is superinten
dent of the electric light plant at Lig
onier. His bride Is the daughter of a \
millionaire mine owner, whose proper- j
ties are In Colorado.. i
The young couple met while Draper,
then a student at Purdue College, was
a member of a prospecting party work
ing in the Rocky Mountains. Miss
Randall was visiting one of her fath
er's mining properties. It was a case
of "love at first sight." ■ • -
The young man followed the girl of
his choice to her California home and
told of his love. Recently, when he
learned ehe was in Chicago, he hurried
to this city from Ligonier and persuad
ed her to agree |o an immediate wed
dlngr. The marriage was performed
without the parents of either being no
tified.
City's Water Supply Cut Off.
PITTSBURG, Dec. 24.— As the re
sult of an accident to the " thirty-six
water mains, at the south end of the
Sharpsburg bridge, where the 'mains
enter the city, the entire water supply
was cut off from 10 o'clock to-night un
til after midnight. -This accident caused
untold inconvenience to thousands ; on
the busiest Christmas eve in;. years.
Will Cruise Off California Coast.
VICTORIA, B. C, Dejc. 24. — The
Victoria Sealing Company has. de
cided • to send twelve schooners to
cruise off .the California coast In Jan
uary to follow the herds north and
later eighteen vessels will go to Ber
ing Sea. Three vessels will be sent to
Japanese waters.
Confirms Sale of Cannery Property.
. SEATTLE, Dec. 24. — Federal Judge
Hanford to-day confirmed the sale of
the Chatham cannery to George T.
Meyers for 945,000, and of the Blaine
cannery to Alnsworth & Dunn for
$25,000. Both were former properties
of the defunct Pacific-American Fish
eries Company.
Woman and Three Children Killed.
• GUTHRIE, O. T., Dec. 24.— Wilhelm
Schultz has been fatally burned and
his wife and three children are dead as
a result of a gasoline explosion In their
home near Guymon, O. T. The family
recently homesteaded a claim in Beaver
County, coming directly from Germany.
Tobacco Trust Investigation.
MILWAUKEE, Dec. 24.— The Dally
News to-day says: Government in
vestigations regarding the Operations
of the so-calle'd tobacco trust are to
be made in Milwaukee and other
points in Wisconsin.
sold in the city during the last ten
days. vc-.v*
Outgoing: trains on the New York
Central and New York, New HavCn and
Hartford railroads to-day were from
twenty to forty minutes late because
of the congestion of the trains due to
the holiday traffic. During the day
thirty extra trains were sent out over
the Central while about twenty were
dispatched eastward. Incoming trains
were also late because of the heavy,
travel. - ."
REBUKES "UNCLE JOE"
Anti-Saloon Leaguer Objects to Can
non's Christmas Recipe.
CLEVE£AND,,Ohlo, Deo. 24.— Rev. J.
p.. Williamson of the Anti-saloon
League, when asked for his opinion re
garding Speaker Joe Cannon's Christ
mas receipt, viz: The' taking of a drink
of whisky with the Christmas dinner,
said:
"Whether a man shall drink or not is
not for roe -to 'decide,", but' I would not
advise the. taking of even a single glass
of , whisky at Christmas dinner.. Any
healthy, man can ,do without it 'and
feel better for so doing. It,, is a x bad
practice "for the " rising generation of
the country/this recipe of 'Uncle 'Joe's,'
as much as he is to be admired for; his
statesmanship and wisdom in general.
He knows enough of the weaknesses
of human, nature to be aware that in
dulgence In even one drink often leads
to serious results., If he had been as
thoughtful In this matter as in those
of state, I am convinced that he would
never have made such a declaration as
quoted." • ••'. ■ -?'S-l- : -/iV?:Xy:\ : ; ■■
Carnegie's Christmas Gifts.
PITTSBURG, Dec. —24. — Andrew
Carnegie has presented to the Brad
dock Carnegie. library .'.and the Home
stead Carnegie Hbrary $35,000 each
as a Christmas present.
-.A. dream of. pleasure, the new two for
quarter size American, $2 75 box 25. *
LEAVES BILLS
AS MEMENTOES
Pasadena Creditors Mourn
Departure of the 'Princess
Lili C. Von (Bentlieim
CONSTABLE AFTER ■ HER
Tradespeople- Say .That in
Her Hurry to Get Away She
Overlooked Their Accounts
Special Dispatch to The Call
PASADENA, . Dec. 24.— Mrs. William |
IJoutley, formerly Mrs. Walter Cham- j
bet-Iain and by birth' Princess Lili C. j
von Benthelm, is being: sought in Los j
Angeles by Constable Harley Newell, j
who desires to serve upon her and her !
possessions some attachments on Pas- j
adena accounts which it is claimed she !
contracted and J failed to settle" be
fore living this city.
The Princess, or, as she was then j
known, Mrs. Walter Chamberlain, first !
appeared in Pasadena last July. . She ■
claimed to have been court pianist at j
both the Russian and German courts, ■
and in addition' to have toured the con- !
cert stasre of both America and Eu- I
rope under the professional name of :
Lillian B. Peters. Her father, she said, |
was a Prince of the German empire, !
and her mother a Princess of Russia. I
On arriving: in Pasadena she an
nounced that she was going: to give a
series of grand opera concerts, and
would take new beginners and prepare i
them to sing Wagner in about three j
weeks. This concert troupe she pro- j
posed to take to the World's Fair at j
St. Louis after doing stunts with her i
three-week artists here and in Los An
geles.
On October 27 the Princess was mar
ried to William Routley, a jeweler of .
Providence, R. I. !
CHORISTERS HAIL THE
ADVENT OF CHRISTMAS
Vested Choir of Cnthedral Mission
Mnkes Its Annual V|sit to j
Local Hotels. j
Following an old time custom, the
vested choir of the Cathedral Mission
of the Good Samaritan "visited the
downtown hotels last evening and
sang old Christmas carols. The thirty
choristers, robed in cassocks and cot
tas, attracted large crowds wherever
they went. Among the selections they
rendered were "Listen, Lordllngs,
Unto Me." "Adeste Fidelis," "Three
Kings Have Come From the East."
"Now Over White Mountains," "Now
the Deep of Night Js Sleeping" and
"From Far Away."
Buses' from the different hotels
conveyed the choir about town and
near midnight returned them to -the
Occidental Hotel,' Avhere they sang
several songs and then repaired to the
hotel dining-room - to partake of a
supper-,.pr.epared :,foe v them by Man
ager Hooper.
Court Reporter Resigns.
J. J. Maginis yesterday tendered his
resignation as official court reporter
in Judge" SIoss' court, which position
he-' has .filled for four years. . R. H.
Elder has been appointed to succeed
him. Mr. Maginis has been an official
stenographer for twenty-five years and
will be missed by a host of friends.
His letter of resignation, which Judge
Sloss ordered spread upon the min
utes, was in port'as follows:
"The cessation of this relation is, as
you know, due to, your own kindness
in aiding" me to secure ! another em
ployment, which, In justice to my fam
ily,. I could not decline. No other
cause would have led me, voluntarily,
to leave my present position."
President Congratulates Diaz.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 24.— Senor
Don Manuel de Aspirose, the Mexican
Embassador, accompanied by Senor
Don Gambo, the first secretary of the
Mexican embassy, called on President
Roosevelt to pay their respects* and to
present to him the official letters an
nouncing the re-election of President
Diaz of Mexico. The President re
quested the Embassador to. convey to
President Diaz his cordial congratula
tions and to express to the people of
Mexico his felicitations upon the re
election of President Diaz.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WRONG IDEA.
Don't' get the wrong Idea Into your!
head that starvation is good for dys- ]
pepsia." , ' I
It's not. w^v^-i^i
.Those who have not studied the sub- !
ject verydeeply, or with trained scien-
tific . minds, might . think so. -. :
But facts prove otherwise.
All specialists in istomach and diges-
tive disorders know- that It is best. for
dyspepsia to. be well-fed. .- -
Why, dyspepsia is really a starvation
disease! • "
. Your "food doesn't, feed', you.' ■ .
By starvation; . you may give your
bowels and kidneys less to do, but that
does not cure your 1 digestive trouble —
simply makes you weaker and sicker:
less . likely to' be . permanently . . cured
thanever. • • s \
No, the" only right way to permanent-
ly cure yourself of- any form, of dyspep-
sia or ■ indigestive trouble, Is to eat
heartily of all the .food that you find
best agrees with you, and help your
digestion to work with Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets. • •• v
■; This ' Is a .safe, certain, scientific, re-
liable method^of treatment, which will
never", fail *tb cure" the most obstinate
cases if persevered in; .'
J Stuart's Tablets, have a
gentle,; tonic; refreshing effect -on the
secretory • glands < of the .entire digestive
tract. ... , • • ..*. •' . ! . -■ .V '
They, gently .force the flow of fresh
'digestive Juices. ' *:■;,' . •. '.
•They- contain, ; themselves, many of
the - chemical v constituents • .of " these
juices; '.thus .when .dissolved; they help
to dissolve the p food around them in
stomach.or bowels._;. ' ; : .
They therefore quickly relieve all the
symptoms "of indigestion, "and coax' the
glands to take a proper pleasure in do-
ing their proper work. .
• They coax you back to health.
-..No,. other medical ; treatment of any
sort , nor • any . (ad • system of ."Culture"
or "Cure," will give you the solid, per-
manent, curative results, that will
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets/ • -
"Write" for "a free Book; of : Symptoms.
F. A. Stuart Co., Marshall, Mich.
PE Rt-NA-TIIE SANTA CLAUS OF HEALTH
VISITS MILLBOIMS OF HAPPY HOMES
PERSONAL.
R. B. Spence of Monterey Is at the
Occidental.
I. G. Stitt, a business man of Kern,
is at the Lick.
Attorney Arthur Levtasky of Stock
ton is at the Palace.
D. J. McFall, a mining man of Ne
vada City, is at the Grand.
*W. H. Devlin, one of Sacramento's
leading lawyers. Is at the Lick.
L. J. Rose Jr., the well-known Ox
nard capitalist, is at the Palace.
C. L. Jones, a cattleman and rancher
of Modesto, Is staying at the Lick.
State Printer W. W. Shannon and
wife are down from Sacramento and
registered, at the Lick.
Harbor^ Commissioner J. D. Macken
zie of San Jose arrived at the Palace
yesterday and ■ will- spend Christmas
day in San Francisco.
Prince Fushimi and his party of dis
tinguished Japanese departed yester
day for- Monterey, where they will re
main until to-morrow. .
J. S. Leeds, manager of the Santa Fe
Company's . refrigerating car . service,
arrived from Chicago yesterday and is
registered at the St. Francis.
F. W. Wilmans, who has been prom
inently identified with mining on this
coast for a number of years and Is nbw
operating a property in the "Cascades,
In the State of Washington, arrived In
this city yesterday with his wife to
spend the holidays. They are staying
at the Palace.
Among the arrivals at the St. Fran
cis yesterday were J. W. Harriman, a
relative of President" Harriman of the
Southern Pacific Company, and a party i
including Mrs. Harriman. and Miss and I
Master. Harriman and Mr. and Mm.
Edwin Dodge and daughter of New
York. The party is touring the West
in a private car.
•Hamilton Wright, chief of the publi
cation bureau of the California Promo
tion Committee, leaves to-night for
New York in connection with a project
now under way to have several of the
more prominent Eastern magazines is-,
sue special numbers advertising this
State. He will also stop over at some
of the leading cities with a view to ar
ranging for the publication of Califor
nia articles In the newspapers.
Callfonilnns In New York.
NEW. YORK, Dec. 24.— The follow
ing Californians i are in New York:
From San Francisco— D. S. Lach
man, at the Algonquin; M^ Mullany, at
the Herald Square; W. M. Rogers, at
the Astor; F. T.; Strop,- at the Impe
rial;' G. S. George and W.: George, at
the Rossmore; Mrs. Joseph Hoffman
and L. .W. Knight, at the.Earlirigtori;
J. Ferris, at the Rossmore; P. Fl Has
kell Jr., at the Albemarle; H. S. Traub
and Miss L. Traub, at the Astor, and
G. W.'Moore,-at the.Marlborough. ---■-■ ,
: SENT tO ASYLUM.— Oakland, December ?4.
Mn. Ellen Ambroie was sent to the Stockton
'Asylum 'by Judce Hall to-day.. She Is an aged.
inmate of the County Infirmary, and Imagined
persons were trying to do her harm.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OVERTHROW OF REPUBLIC
OBJECT OF THE RIOTERS
Strange Report Concerning Disturb
ances in Rio Janeiro Made by
Police Chief.
RIO JANEIRO, Dec. 24.' — The Chief
of Police has handed to th"e Govern
ment the result of his investigation of
the recent disturbances. He says the
object was to overthrow the repub
lic. It was proposed, according to the
report, that Senator Lauro Sodre
should be dictator until the re-estab
lishment of the monarchy. The revo
lution was to have begun October 17,
but failed in consequence of the vigi
lance of the police. .
This report is considered strange, as
all the heads of "the movement are
known as good Republicans. .
The. Senate, according to the re
quest of the Government, has author
ized the trial of Sodre by a council of
1 *^ leather
■^qg^P/SK&Frr^ lined and
mounted with the best brass trim-
mings, good value at $8.00:
<fcfi •tfi-fpr this splendid sole leather suit case;
wVmyMX* leather lined, best brass trimmings/
extra heavy; rivets and cornerpieqes and strong
LJ 1 111 «^ - * ~- * - - " >jf^s^MC^Brx3Bafl53yBBiflKflBaiia^ff8tf3i'fe)J863 •S^SB^ 151SWBB **• .^ a^^*-w J^~- Tfi
All CMITU Pfl 116 ELLIS ST.,
I Dl dill! I II UUij NEAR POWELL
CONDUCTOR AND BRAKEMEX
SHOT BY A PASSENGER
Train Crew Used for Targets by 3Ian
Who Objected to Being
Put Off.
GALLJPOLIS. Ohio. Dec. 24. — An
exciting battle occurred at Evergreen,
about five miles west, this evening on
the North Hocking Valley passenger
train. Conductor James McBride was
shot through the left arm and shoul
der and Brakeman Spencer was shot
through the left breast ,and ankle by
Edgar Grover. The crew had at
tempted to put Grover from the train.
Sheriff Mannerlngr and a posse of
officers have gone In search of the
fugitive. J .
war. The Supreme Court has denied
the habeas corpus presented in favor
of Sodre and Deputies Vareta, Bar
bosa and Lima.
2728
CHURCHES WILL RING
WITH ANTHEMS.
SPECIAL CHRISTMAS SERVICES
SELECTED MUSIC AND AUGMENTED CHOIRS
Throughout the city of San Francis
co en this Christmas day the voices of
many choirs will be heard in all' the
churches commemorating the season of
"Pefcce on c^rth, good will to men."
From the lowliest missions among the
dens of Chinatown aud in the hi£h»
tpired edifices of the Western Addition,
hymr^ of praise will be raised. >
In all the churches special music will
be sung by noted soloists and long
drilled choirs. In St. Mary's Cathedral
high mass will be celebrated with im
posing grandeur and the musical selec
tions will ell be taken from noted
works. Ths Young Men's Christian As
sociation will have a special mosicaJ
prograrr.rr.e in the afternoon, in connec
tion with an address by Dr. Rader.
The Westminster Presbyterian Church
choir will beflttingly celebrate the day
with carols and •Christmas hymns at
both corning and evening services.
In many churches the decorations
■will surpass thos* of previous Christ
mas days. At St. Dominic's Church
•the vast interior and vaulted roof will
iie hung with greens and dotted "with
many lights and there will be a repre
sentation of the manger at Bethlehem.
In addition the musical programme as
pVar.ned will be elaborate and one of
the most beautiful ever given in the
city.
Ml'SIC AT ST. DOMIXICS.
Ci lurch Will Ring With Masterpieces
of Harmony.
. The Christmas celebration at St.
Dominic's Church, Bush and Steiner
streets, will be marked this year by a
splendor surpassing the usual brilliancy
of high festival for which the church is
renowned. The decorations are to be
on a much larger scale than usual; the
■i::t«rior of the edifice will be wreathed
ai;d festooned and many electric effects
add^d. A large and very artistic cradle,
a realistic representation of the Bethle
feem scene, will fill the north transepts
of the church. A special feature of the
"celebration will be the rendering of the
musk-al programme by the choir, under
Dr. J. X. Stewart, director and or
ganist.
At L o'clock Mozart's mass No. 1 in
C v. ill be sung. For the sequence
Klein's "Hodie Christus natus est" will
be rendered, and for the offertory
"Adeste Pidelis." At 11 o'clock Ros
seau's mass in D minor will be sung
with extra voices and accompaniments
of violin, cello and harp. This cele
brated mass is almost unknown in
America, but it is a composition of re
jnarkable beauty, combining the dig
nity and solemnity of true church mu
sic with the melody of the modern
French school of composition.
The solosists are: Mrs. Z. Apple,
Miss EUa McCloskey, A. Mesrr.er, T. G.
Eiliott, C. Z. Stone and William Schus
ter. For the sequence the choir will
sing' "Adeste Fidelis" and Stewart's
•■Jct-u Redemptor Omnium" for the of
fertory. "■'''':
The 5 o'clock mass will be celebrated
by -the Very Rev. T. C. Clancy, assist
ed by the Ilev. E. S, Welch as deacon,
and the Rev. F. P. Drlscoil as sub
deacon.
Tho II o'clock mass will be celebrated
by xho Very Rev. J. G. Rourke, assist
ed by the Rev. J. A. Hunt as deacon
and the Rev. R. A. Lewis as sub
deacon. The serrr.cn will be preached
by the Rev. F. P. DriscoIL
MUSIC AT FIRST MASS.
fit. I%trlck*s Choral Society to Render
Beautiful Hymns.
The high mas3 at 5 o'clock will be
funs by St. Patrick's Choral Society,
as follows: Sopranos, Misses Kate
Robinson. Lillie Hughes, Lillie Pratt,
Agatha Glover, Mollie Coughlan, Nora
O'Brien, Mary Anthony. Margaret An
thony; altos. Misses Kate Fuller and
Gertrude Cronin; tenors, Thomas
O'Brien, Charles Bui'.otti, Theodore
WHtz; bassos, John O'Brien, Thomas
Leech and William T. Snow.
At the offertory Miss Lillie Hughes
will sing the "Adeste Fidelis." The
sanctuary choir will Fing the proces
sional and rc-ccssiona! hymns. At the
9 and 10 o'clock masses there will be
si?ig5r.g by the pupils cf St. Vincent's
ADVERTlSOlEyfS.
Cf HorUtter'5 Stcxaach Sitters at th?
first symptom of any Stomach, Liver«or
Bor.-el decansesieot has time and ajrain
bc-fn tlu j means of counteracting a long
sick spell. It is therefore a wise plan
to always keep, a bottle in the house.
|pl Hosfetter's
tm. Stomach
x Biftsrs
sHFSf STOMACH' « x P erlCRCe . has
«. 2E2. <L,Yrr.rar>v; -£. "-"r.p nior^ to pro-
2®3 331-**£#S raote health than
'•ji^fi »' TV 7 - " any "tiM-r remedy.
W?fS £*!f-r5Uv - Vo f.-ondcr it hr;s
■•'§J>-' < /? l ~2 been so success-
2f|g|§§|gp|| ifciI!s,- : Co!ds or
il$iiilil§§! M'2r Troables,.
PkM^^^^^ Try It to-day, also
$«r 1305 Almskac
'-"fr.i- rss from ycur drug-
v. gist or dealer..
CX-LJ. AT
Eyatt
66TMrd Sp.
j arzTv goods. txzw stoee
| Tar Slaarcmis, Watcie*. J«ry^lry.
Academy, assisted by the school or
chestra. "■'.■'•.-
At' 11 o'clock solemn high mass will
be sungr with orjrah and orchestral ac
companiment by the following: So
pranos, 2lfs. Wilhelm Buergermeister,
Mirses Kate Robinson. Lillie Hughes,
Lillie Pratt, Mary- Anthony; Margaret
Anthony, Mpllie Coughlan, Nora
O'Brien and* Agatha Glover; altos,
Misses Genevieve, Sullivan, Kate Ful
ler and Gertrude Cronjn; tenors, Wil
liam G. Callinan, Thomas O'Brien,
Charles Bullotii and Theodore Weltz;
bassos, Eugene Bournizeau, John
O'Brien, Thomas Leech and William
T. Snow. "Noel" will be sung at the of
fertory by William Callinan.
The music will be under the direc
tion of the organist. Miss Mary Short.
The sanctuary choir will also sing the
processional and recessional hymns.
TO GIVE CHRISTMAS HYMXS.
Westminster Presbyterian Church Will
Fittingly Observe Day.
An interesting programme of music
for Christmas has Leen prepared for
the "Westniinsrter Presbyterian Church,
at Page and Webster streets, under the
direction of Miss Ethelwynne. Marrack,
organist and leader.
Iiev. Herbert E. Hayes, who was re
cently called to the pastorate of this
church, is attracting a large and in
creasing attendance at the regular
serflces.
The musical programme will be ren
dered by the regular quartet, composed
of the following singers: Miss Florence
H. Perkins, soprano; Mrs. J. W. Ban
nerman^contralto; J. C. Taylor, basso;
W. F. Davis, tenor, and Miss E. Mar
rack, organist and leader.
Morning, 11 o'clock — Anthem, "Angels
From the Realms of Glory" (Shep
herd); anthem. "Shout the Glad Tid
ings" (Hawley); soprano solo, "The
Birth of a King" (Neidlinger), Miss T.
H. Perkins.
Congregational singing of hymns ap
propriate to the day will also be a
feature of both the morning and even
ing programmes.
Evening, 7:45 o'clock— Carol, "Thou
Didst Leave Thy Throne" (Shackley);
Adeste Fidelis, "Sing and Rejoice"
(Barnby); contralto solo, "The Virgin's
Lullaby" (Dudley Buck), Mrs. Banner
man; carol. "Let Us Sing the Praise of
Him" (Bonner).
WILL SING GOUNOD'S MASS.
Excellent 3Iusical Programme to Be
Given at St. Paul's Church.
At. St. Paul's Church, Twenty-ninth
and Church streets, high mass will be
celebrated at 5 o'clock. Gounod's
Mass will be sung by the young men's
choir. Masses will be held .at 6, 7,
S and. 9 o'clock. The following pro
gramme will be given:
Music, Christmas hymns, sung by
Young Ladies' and Holy Angels' so
dalities; solemn high mass at 10:30
a. m.; "music; Giorga's "Third Mass";
offertory, Adam's "Xoel. 1^ "Adeste
Fidelis" will be sung by the boys'
surpliced choir. Choir: Sopranos —
Mrs. R. D. Valeria, Mrs. M. McGlade;
altos — Miss M. F. Code, Miss K. Wood;
tenors — J. Lutringer, Charles G. Wil
ley; bassos^ — William • G. Lane, Jo
seph Broyer; organist, Miss A. F.
Quinn; violinist, William G. Healy.
WILL SING AT LAST MAS§.
Imposing Services to Be Held at St.
Vincent de Paul's Church.
Masses will be said at 5,' 6, 8, 9, 10 and
11 o'clock. The choir will assist at the
5 o'clock mas?. At 11 o'clock there will
be a Eolemn high mass, at which Rev.
Father Harrington will preach. The
choir will render Louis Selle's mass;
bofore mass. "Venite Adoremus"; of
fertory, Lamblllotl's " Christmas
Hymn"; after mass, "Noel." The fol
!o%vir.g will comprise the choir: Misses
Annie Smith, Esther Haley, Grace
Coyne, Edna ' Owens. Frances Mo-
Cartby, Lucille Eradford, Elizabeth
Dolan. Mary Herreity, Mrs. J. Dolan,
J. J. Dolan. E. E. Carreras. Director,
J. J. Dolan; organ^Et, Miss Grace
Haley.
AUGMENT CHOIR FOR OCCASION.
St. Marj's Cathedral , to Celebrate
High Mass With Imposing Music
The Christmas music at St. Mary's
Cathedral will be of unusual grandeur
and R. J. Harrison, the organist, has
spent many -'days in Its preparation.
The regular choir will be augmented
for the occasion by a chorus and a
special orchestra. The programme is
as follows:
Hummel's mass in E., flat; Grad
nel. Adam's "Noel"; offertory, "Adesto
Fidelis"; sopranos: Miss Vive Hickey,
Mrs. Mabel Mitchell and Mrs. Merrill;
altos: Miss Julia Sullivan and Mrs. W.
Driscoll; tenors: Mr. George Keane
and Mr. McMillan; bassos: Mr. S. J.
Sandy and Mr. Joseph Fogarty.
SPECIAL MUSICAL PROGRAMME.
Young Men's Christian Association to
• Hear Dr. Rader.
This afternoon's programme at
the Young Men's Christian Association,
Mason and Ellis streets, will be one of
special interest , to the scores, of men
who frequent the institution..- The pub
lic meeting for men In the auditorium
at 3 o'clock ..will be addressed by the
Rev. William Rader. He is an inspir
ing speaker and is always at his best
when addressing an audience of men.
A. E. MacMillari will elng and the Rob
son Orchestra will play. The group
study classes will be followed by a fel
lowship luncheon.
AT ST. DONIF;»E'S CHURCH.
1 Solemn High Mass .Will Be ■ Sung 'at
5 .O'clock Tills Morning.
Solemn hish , mass v. Ill , be sung at 3
o'clock. There will be low masses ev
ery half-hour until 10 o'clock. Solemn
high mass win be sung at 10:30 o'clock.
The evening services win be aa usual.
-. THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1904
St. Stephen's day (Monday) a Christ
mas cantata will be given in the school
hall by children of the school, to which
all are cordially invited. A select choir
under the direction of Professor Moyle
will render a splendid musical pro
gram me at the last mass on Sunday. •
FATHER WOODS WILL PREACH.
Will Deliver the Sermon at tho Last
Mass in St. ' Ignatius.
There will be solemn high mass at 5
o'clock and again at 10:30 o'clock. There
will be a sermon at the 10:30 o'clock
mass by the I lev. Henry Woods. In
the evening there will be solemn ves
pers, solemn benediction and a sermon
by the Tlev. Joseph Landry.
USUAL CHRISTMAS SERVICE.
Sacred Music Will. Be Given at the
Central M. E.' Church. .
The usual Christmas musical programme will
b* rendered at the Central Methodist Episcopal
Church, Howard street, between Sixth end
Seventh, Rev. George W. "White,' pastor. The
programme contains the following numbers:
Mnrnins service. 11 o'clock— Hymn, conjre
gration; anthem, "Sins. 6 Sing, Thli Blessed
Morn" (H. R. Shelley); quartet, "Brightest
and Best" (G. W. Marston) ; anthem, "Shout,
Shout the. Glad Tidings" (J. H. Brewee); so
prano solo, "Glory to Heaven's Eternal King"
<Helmund), Mrs. Willis J. Walker; hymn, con
gregation; anthem, "Sing, O Heavens"
(Tours); quartet, "Star of > Bethlehem"
(Adame).
Evening service. 7:30 o'clock — Special mu
sical Eenica by a large chorus choir. "Th«
Coming of tho Kinp," a sacred cantata for
Christmas-tide, by Dudley Buck, will bo pre
sented for the flm time in this city. The so
loists will be: Miss Beatrice Boston, soprano:
Mrs. Richard L. Parting-ton, alto; Howard
Gould, tenor; Harold Batrford, bass. W.
Fletcher Husband, organist; E. T. M. Eckert,
musical director. \ 'I ..
LARGE CHORUS TO SING.
Twenty-Five Voices Will Be Heard at
Third Congregational Church.
Rev. William Rader, pastor of the Third
•Congregational Church, Fifteenth street, near
Mission, will preach in the morning. His BUb
ject will be "The Christmas of the Inner
Life." A chorus composed of twenty-five
voices will render the. following selections:
"The First Christmas" (Barnby): "While
Shepherds Watched Their Flocks by Night"
(Martin); 'Gloria" (Schilling); "The Xew-
Born King" (Espolr). At 7:30 p. m. tho
cantata, "Ruth," by Gaul, will be given by
the. choir. Soloists— Miss Collins, Miss Meus
dorfer. Mrs. Stadtfeld and Mr. Boysen; iMiss
Kate Ilutchinson, organist.
TO HOLD A UNION" SERVICE.
Sunday School of Fourth Congrega
tional Church to Join hi Worship.
The Sunday-school of the Fourth Congrega
tional Church, Green and Stockton streets.
Rev. C. H. Stevens pastor, will Join in a
union service with the congregation. ' In tho
evening an unusually attractive pralsa service
will be held. Some of the numbers to' be- given
■are: .-. '"The New-Born King" (L/Espolr) and
"Noel" . (Adam), sung by.. Mr. Schultz, and a
selection by Mrs. Louise W. McClure.
ENORMOUS ..CHRISTMAS TREE
AT TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Management "Will Entertain Young
sters Who Attend the Matinees
To-Day and To-Morrow.*
The Tlvoli Opera-house has pro
cured the largest Christmas tree that
can be had and has loaded It with all
the kinds of toys and other articles
that delight children. A rare treat is
in store for the youngsters who attend
the matinees to-day and to-morrow.
They can dance around the, Christmas
tree and there will be a real Santa
Claus- to add to their enjoyment
Along with the performance of
"King Dodo," which has r made euch^n
distinct hit, there will.be a . grand
transformation scene on the stage
that will continue during .Christmas
and New Year's .weeks. .".It will j in
'clude a series of appropriate pictures
of Christmastide. The views will Il
lustrate "A Child's Dream of Christ
mas."' ' ' ■'; ;'>V ? '
The scene painter, the cos|umer and
the electrician have all done their
work splendidly and the annual Tlvoli
Christmas tree will be a surprise to
the Tivoll's holiday patrons.
CHRISTMAS. PARTIES M'£P L :-
ENLIVEN PRESIDIO TO-DAY
All Military Duties Declared Off To-
Morrow and Also on '^
January 2.
At the Presidio to-day Christmas
will be observed at many home din
ner parties and Christmas trees.
In pursuance of telegraphic Instruc
tions from the War Department' Mon
day, December. 26, 1904, and Monday,
January 2, 1905, -being the days cele
brated respectively as Christmas day
and .New Year's day, all military duty,
except necessary police and guard,
throughout this command, : will be
suspended on those: days.
, Miss Morris, the daughter of Colonel
Charles Morris, commandant of the
Presidio, gave a Christmas tree to the
children of the post yesterday, after
noon, which occasioned great joy for
the little ones. »-'
Captain John J. Bradley « has ; been
obliged to defer his departure to. Van
couver, Wash,, until the medical board
appointed to examine G. S. Richards
Jr. has completed its findings.
GUESTS OF HOTEL GIVE
A CHRISTMAS FESTIVAL
The guests of the. Pleasanton, Hotel
had a Christmas tree and festival last
night In the hotel parlors. It was a
merry gathering and nothing was left
undone", to make, the evening" one
round of pleasure. An immense
Christmas tree, one that Mr.,Schrader
cut and brought from the mountains,
was laden with toysand other articles.
Air. Dole was a real live Santa Claus,
just like the one children read about
in books. A musical programme of
merit was given. The latter part of
the evening was spent in dancing. *
l " The Christmas tree and some 'good
things toi. eat .will be.' sent to the • Sal
vation Army, headquarters, on ■: Mission
street, near. Ninth, »■ where, r . on Tues
day afternoon at 4. o'clock, 100. poor
children who would otherwise; have
no merry Christmas .will assemble to
.oceive' the' gifts. .•' .
NEEDY FAMLIIES
RECEIVE MEALS
Salvation Army Distributes
.Baskets of Provisions at
Mission Street Building
WILL GIVE BIG DINNER
Feast for Three Thousand Is
to Be i Spread at Odd Fel
lows' Hall Monday Noon
The chancel of the church at 1271
Mission street, which is used as the
headquarters of the Salvation Army,
was* filled yesterday morning with hun
dreds of baskets, each or which con
tained supplies for several substantial
dinners. .AH day wan-faced children,
tired-looking mothers 'and occasionally
a bent and decrepit 'Old man entered
the building, presented .their tickets
and departed heavily laden. • •
The space before the chancel was
cleared away and there the applicants
were formed in line by Adjutant Mrs.
Danbury, Major Fynn and -Ensign. An
dersen, while Colonel ana Mrs. French
and Brigadier Wood passed out the
baskets bulging with groceries, fruits,
meats, canned goods, and the not-to
be-forgotten chickens.
As the visitors left the Headquarters
the looks of delight and thankfulness
on their faces would well have reward
ed the generous givers to the army's
cause. Tired women with a troop of
children at their heels and little tots
with old faces delightedly held aloft
magazines and papers, or tugged at
overflowing baskets, presenting a sight
that brought tears to the eyes of many
of the uniformed women, used as they
were to such things. ■
The distribution of the baskets does
not end, however, the good work of
the army. Many there were who could
not come to headquarters to receive the
needed Christmas gift, and these were
supplied by the army wagon, which de
livered hundreds erf baskets among the
homes of the poor.
To-morrow noon the army will give a
big Christmas dinner to 3000 needy per
sons at Odd Fellows' Hall, and on Tues
day night a hundred of the poorest lit
tle waifs that can be found will have
their little hearts delighted with a
Christmas tree at the headquarters, 1271
Mission street. On the same evening
trees will be provided at eight corps
stations throughout the city.
On Wednesday night the children of
the Salvation Army Sunday school will
have a Christmas tree and will be well
supplied with toys, books arid games.
Altogether the good worx of the army
will reach more than four thousand of
the- worthy, struggling poor of the city
and bring to them some touch of the
Christmas good cheen
DO NOBLE' CHRISTMAS WORK.
Volunteers of yv America .- Distribute
Thousands, of Dinners. . ,
The . Volunteers . of • America were
busy at thelr> headquarters, 1504 Mar
ket street, all. day yesterday sending
out the 8000 baskets provided by the
organization for 1 ; the poor throughout
the city. Two rooms of the Volun
teers were filled with toys, books and
games, and the officers were busy get
ting them ready for the. Christmas
tree that will be. the delight, of hun
dreds of children at Pioneer Hall to
morrow night. . • .
The Volunteers have -been helped by
various church- Sunday schools
throughout the city, among them the
First and Third Congregational and
Trinity Presbyterian and the -First
RETURN OF DR. CHAMLEY,
I THE NOTED ™ISPECHLIST
.Dr. S. R. Chamley. has returned from the World's Pair at St Louis, where
he spent several months lecturing before learned . societies and noted scientists
upon his marvelous discoveries in the cure of cancer. He also conducted a clinic
in St Louis during the Fair, where he treated and cured a great number of cases
of cancer to : be far past cure. Dr. Chamley is the most noted cancer
specialist living and has cured more cancers than any other physician.
The people of_ San Francisco ought to be congratulated that Dr. Chamley has
returned; he has elaborately refitted his well-known offices at -25 Third street.
The rapid increase . in his practice has . necessitated his .incorporation of .the
."Chamley Cancer Institute." ' Three skilled , and experienced physicians are con-
stantly in attendance, while he himself directs each treatment
Dr. Chamley has substantiated his claim that aay lump In a woman's breast
Is nearly always cancer, and if not treated properly and in time will always poi-
son the deep glands in the armpit ,\Dr.,Chamley's . philanthropy Is renowned.
He cures the poor free if they come while the cancer Is small,' and "demands nd
pay from any until cured.
, Dr. Chamley's book is the best and most complete on cancers ever published;
it is full of testimonials from the many people who, acknowledge their lives have
-been -saved by. his wonderful Improved cure without knife or pain. A copy may
be had free by addressing • . . . ' ■: ■ .. .- ;»>?!»
CHAMLEY GANGER INSTltUtE, Inc.
•DR; : S.Vr. CHAMLEY and MRS. CHAMLEY, Managers.
25 Third Street San Francisco
WEDDED FOLKS
GAIN A POINT
Supreme Court Holds Their
' Business Agreements Are
Legal Even if Informal
GIVES LAW NEW ASPECT
Transfer of Earnings From
the Common to Separate
Property Is Facilitated
By a decision of the Supreme Court
rendered yesterday in" the case of El
eonora KaJtschmidt against Adolph
Weber, as executor of the estate of
Charles G. Schneider, an agreement be
tween husband and wife by which the
latter can change 'her earnings from
community to separate ; property is
made more Informal than ever.
The plaintiff, a rooming-house keep
er, had for twenty years managed her
own business with her husband's con
sent, and during, two years had board
ed, lodged and nursed Mr. Schneider
through a most painful Illness. She
claimed $2050 for her services and the
case was tried j before a jury. Mrs.
Kalt schmidt was nonsuited, the court
holding .that she had not shown with
sufficient certainty that she was enti
tled, to the earnings she claimed as her
separate property, her husband not
having been joined as party plaintiff.
The Supreme Court, in reversing the
lower court, says that the question ad
dressed to the husband as to the man
agement and control of his wife's earn
ings should have been allowed, and
then Justice Shaw proceeds:
"Now, it may well have been the case
that the husband could recall no con
versation with his wife in which such
an agreement was distinctly expressed.
His testimony strongly indicates this
condition of memory. And yet it might
also be true that the fact that there
was such an agreement was perfectly
well understood between them. In such
a case resort may be had to circum
stantial evidence.' The conduct and ac
tions of the husband with respect to
such earnings indicating that he did
not* regard them as community - prop
erty would be competent evidence and
admissible to prove the agreement."
This is the second time that the Su
preme Court has passed upon the case.
After a decision upholding the Judg
ment of the lower court had been writ
ten by the commissioners, Arthur H.
Barendt, Charles E. Naylor and Wil
liam P. Hubbard, attorneys for Mrs.
Kaltschmidt, petitioned for a rehear
ing. This petition was granted on the
assent of six Justices, and now the
judgment has been reversed by the
unanimous opinion of the Supreme
Court.
Musio at the Park.
The following Is to-day's programme
of music at Golden Gate Park: March,
"Merry Christmas" (Dewey) ; over
ture, "Morning, Noon. Night" (Suppe);
waltz, "Jolly Follows", ( (Vbllstedt);
"Cantlque de Noel". (Adam); fan
tasia, "Bohemian Girl" (Balfe); over
ture, "Nabucco" (Verdi) ; march,
"Babe's in Toylana" (Herbert); selec
tion, "Dolly Varden" (Edwards);
American sketch, ''Down South"
(Myddleton) ; fantasia, "La, Traviata"
(Verdi).
Christian Church. The work of dis
tribution Is under the supervision of
Colonel and Mrs. Walter Duncan and
Major Glffert.
At Pioneer Hall to-morrow night
besides the Christmas tree, there will
be an entertainment with singing and
recitations by the children. The chil
dren of .the Volunteer Home at 599
Buena Vista avenue will be the guests
of honor.
EXTRAVAGANCE
AT SACRAMENTO
Yast Sums Are Expended
for Contingent Expenses of
the Senate and Assembly
CONTROLLER'S FIGURES
Statesmen Are Discussing
the Subject of the Patron
age for the Coming Session
Statesmen of the dominant party
who were recently elected to the Leg
islature are discussing the subject of
patronage. It is common talk that
a committee chairmanship cannot ba
given to every one of tho 110 Repub
lican members, but it Is possible to
devise a scheme of patronage that will
enable every Senator and • Assembly
man to draw a small amount from the
State treasury for the Immediate re
lief of Importuning constituents.
Statesmen of liberal Inclinations fa
vor an apportionment of $12 a day
as patronage for every member of the
majority. " On this basis the Individ
ual patronage for sixty days would
amount to $79,200.
The Sacramento Union Is giving
special attention to this subject. It
remarks: "The Republican party
ought to be sobered rather than elat
ed by its exceptional responsibilities
and opportunities in the coming Leg
islative session. • • The first thing
the Legislature will be called upon to
determine will be the apportionment
of clerical patronage. • • * At
the last session each member had a
quota of patronage to give out com
puted at $20 a day, or about $1400
for the entire session — this in addi
tion to his own personal pay of $3
per day and mileage. Not only was
this method of apportioning patron
age improper and foolish, but It was
scandalously extravagant. It gave to
many members . three or four times
thi personal service they required or
could decently make use of."
The Union recently obtained from the
Controller's office figures showing the
amounts paid from the State treasury
on account of pay of officers and clerks
and contingent expenses of the Legis
lature during the last eight sessions,
together with a summary of the sal
aries of members for the same time.
The total expenses for officers, clerks,
attaches and contingent expenses, not
counting salaries of the members of
the Legislature, was $1,002,571 90. In
the eight sessions the outgo for salaries
of members was $467,520. The total ex
pense for the eight sessions was $1,
470,09190.
The record for extravagance was
made by the Thirty-seventh session of
the Legislature,- 1902. The expenses of
the Senate for that session, for officers,
clerks and contingent allowances,
amounted to' $71,183 B0. The Assembly
allowances , for service of a similar
character amounted to $$6,972. The
expenses of .both houses figured: • up
$155,155 50. The record for economy
was made bv the Thirty-first session
in 1S91, when the Senate expended $43,
71137, and the Assembly $51,15613, a
total of $94,867 50. -
The cost of maintaining the State
government approximates $7,500,000 per
annum. The sums expended for main
taining courts, asylums and prisons are
large, and the salary roll of each in
stitution is something that startles
taxpayers.
RAIN IS A CHRISTMAS
PRESENT FOR FARMERS
Showers Which Cause Inconvenlenco
to Shoppers Are Boon to State's
Agricultural Interests.
The farmers of California and the
others who are interested in the agri
cultural prosperity of this State re
ceived a splendid Christmas present
yesterday in the shape of rain. The
citizens who went shopping did not
appreciate the visit of Jupiter Pluvius
quite so much, but at this time of !
year it is easy to pardon nature, even [
is she cannot let the rain fall In the
San Joaquin Valley and cause the sun i
to smile In San Francisco.
Professor McAdie of the Weather
Bureau dared last evening to call for
showers to-day, but he declares that
plenty of sunshine and cloudless skies
should be California's portion for to
morrow, the Government Christmas.
Rain fell generally over the whole
Pacific slope yesterday. The winds
ranged from twelve to thirty miles in
land and were heavier off shore. The
precipitation in San Francisco was
only .02 of an inch according to the
official rain gauge.
RAINING IN INTERIOR.
Downpour Will Be of Great Benefit
to Growing Crops.
SANTA ROSA, Dec. 24.— A heavy
storm broke here last night and sev
eral Inches of rain have fallen. The!
telephone and lighting service was bad- J
ly demoralized by a high wind. !
HOLLISTER, Dec. 24.— It commenced j
raining here at 2 o'clock this morning, i
The heaviest downpour is in the 1
southern part of the county. The
farmers are jubilant
DUNSMUIR. Dec. 24.— A light snow
has been falling at intervals for three !
days and. although it melts rapidly, It i
still lies two and a half Inches deep!
here and about seven at Sisson. Siskl
you is promised a white Christmas.
SAN DIEGO, Dec. 24.— The storm
which has been of such immense bene
fit to San Diego County has not yet
passed away, though to-day's rainfall!
has been light There Is Indication of j
further ~precipitation. In nearly all sec- j
tions of the county at least an Inch has
fallen, and at places ■ it amounted to
more than two inches.
SAN LUIS OBISPO. Dec. 24.— It began
raining at 9 this ' morning and con
tinues showery, wind southerly. A]
mild rain Is much needed. Indications
are favorable for a good rainfall. j
\ LOS ANGELES. Dec 24.— Rain began
falling here td-day at 12:30 with indi
cations for a considerable downpour.
A heavy rain will be of great benefit to
fruit and growing grain crops.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 24.— So far the
storm has 'brought only .32 of an inch
of ' rain here, . although in the foothills
fully an- inch has fallen. It was show
ery this afternoon.
MOST REMAIN
IN THE TOMBS
Jerome Refuses to Give Con
sent to a Reduction of
"Nan" Patterson's Bail
PRISONER IN TEARS
Soon to Face Third Trial
for. the Alleged Murder
of Bookmaker Young
NEW YORK, Dec 24.— "Nan" Patter
son's last hope of spending Christmas
with her parents at tnetr homo in
Washington vanished to-day, when
District Attorney Jeroxna announced
that be would not agree to a reduction
of her ball. This was taken to mean
that the show girl will again bo tried
on the charge of th« murder of Cao&r
Toung. Her ball bad previously been
fixed at 520,000.
When the District Attorney mad*
this announcement, Danl«l OTEUISt,
counsel for. Miss Patterson,, said: .,_' < ■
"This surely means that .thar» wEl
bo a new trial. W» are anxious that It
shall b« «•*"** soon, 1 * ; . - I
Afterward he said that coc&srf bail
decided not to attempt to get «ny baU.
unless the District Attorney refused to
promise a speedy retrlaL
The urgency for a new trial on &•
part of the defense was, O'Reilly said.
due to the fact that the defense had
found some new and important evi
dence. Part of the- evidence* ho said,
was the finding of some thirty-two call*
ber bullets in Young's trunk. OiUlXty
said that Prosecutor Rand" admitted
the finding of the bullets, but contend
ed that they belonged to Mrs. Younjr.
The news that she could not be ad
mitted to bail was broken to Miss Pat
terson as gently as possible, but shs
broke down completely, after making a
brave show of cheerfulness all day.
Even though she knew she would hsv*
to remain in the Tombs over Christ
mas, she had hoped she might b» re
leased on ball next week,
District Attorney Jerome announced
late to-day that proceedings for a new
trial will be hurried as fast as pos
sible.
American Potatoes for Ireland.
GREELET, Colo., Dec 34. — A
mass-meeting presided over by Mayor
"Watson was held here this afternoon
to provide 100 carloads of potatoes
for the Irish famine sufferers. A com
mittee will be appointed by the Mayor
to solicit potatoes for the shipment.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
What Sulphur Does
For the Human Body in Health and
Disease.
The mention of sulphur will recall to
many of us the early days, when our
I mothers and grandmothers gave us our
I dally dose of sulphur and molasses
1 every, spring and fall.
It was the universal spring and fall
"blood purifier," tonic and cure-all, and,
mind you, this old-fashioned remedy
|. was not without merit
{ The idea was good, but the remedy
! was crude and unpalatable, and a larga
• Quantity had to be taken to get any ef-
fect.
Nowadays we get all the beneficial ef.
fects of sulphur in a palatable, concen*
trated form, so that a single grain is
far more effective than a tablespoonrul
of the crude sulphur. -^.
In recent years research and experi-
ment have proven that the best sulphur
for medicinal use Is that obtained from
Calcium (Calcium Sulphide) and sold
In drug stores under the nanxa of Stu-
art's Calcium Wafers. They are small
chocolate-coated pellets and .contain taa
active medicinal principle of sulphur la
a highly concentrated, effective form.
Few people are aware of the value of
this form of sulphur In restoring and
! maintaining bodily vigor and health:
I sulphur acts directly on the liver and
| excretory organs and purifies and en-
riches the blood by the prompt elvmtnny
tlon of waste material. - Y :
Our grandmothers knew tb3s wtum
they dosed us with sulphur ">rt mo-
lasses every spring ■ and fall, but tfca
crudity and Impurity of ordinary fidto-
ers of sulphur were often worse than
the disease, and cannot compare with
the modern concentrated preparations
of sulphur, of which- Stuart's Cnlctuia
Wafers is undoubtedly the best and
most widely used.
They are the natural* antidote for
liver and kidney troubles, and core
constipation and purify the blood In a
way that often surprises patient and
physician alike.
Dr. R. M. Wilklns while experiment-
ing with sulphur remedies soon found
that the sulphur from Calcium was su-
perior to any other form. He says:
"For liver, kidney and blood troubles,
•especially when resulting from constl-
; pation or malaria, I have been sur-
j prised^ at the results obtained from Stu-
I art's Calcium Wafers. In patients suf-
i fering from bolls and pimples and even
| deep-seated carbuncles* I' have repeat-
• edly seen them dry up and disappear In
four or five days, leaving the skin clear
and smooth. Althougfi Stuart's Calcium
Wafers is a proprietary article, and
• sold by druggists, and for that reason
i tabooed by many physicians, yet I
| know of nothing so safe and reliable
for constipation, liver and kidney trou-
bles, and especially in all forms cf skin
disease, as this remedy."
At any rate people who are tired of
pills, cathartics and so-called blood
} "purifiers" will find in Stuart's Calcium
| Wafers a far safer, more palatable and
• effective, preparation..
raiWEAKMEN
j&Jj 3^*?! DR. HALL'3 REIKVIOORATOP.
'j\i.a jUiM steps all losses and unnatural clls-
2 R? charges In 2-1 hours. You feel aa
! SJ1 £Sm1 Improvement from ' the flrst • dose.
! (?iw fiiM ° * 5ave «o much confidence In our
l\JM f'srH treatment that we offer Five Hun-
j |yOij*}c' <Ired reward for any casa ws can-
l , r- 1 '** not cure. / This secret remedy cures
lost power, nightly emission*, wasted" organs.
varlccc«->le. xltct. strictures: ■ kidneys., failing
memory, drains tn the .urtna. scr.orrfcea. dis-
ease- of the prcstate'glands anl all other terri-
ble effect* or self-abuse or excesses, which leai
en to consumption and death. - Pcslttvely cures
the wctst cases in eld or young of that morti-
fying condition, quickness of the discharge, aact
uantlTijr to do. and you can't. Seat scaled, $2
per bottle; tbrea bottles, <5. Guaranteed cur*
any case. - ■
Call or address orders HALL'3 MZDICAI*
INSTITUTE. 835 Broadway. Oakland. Ca.L
Also tor sals at 1073*i Market St., 8. T. Send
lor fres book. '■*/ ■■;CORBIM TELLS
OF THE REVOLT
Commanding General in the
Philippines Regards 8a
•• mar Outlook as Critical
NATIVES BESIEGE TOWN
Lieutenant Hayt, Killed in
Late Attack by lnsur
rectors. a Chicago Youth
»
WASHINGTON. Dec 24.— The War
L>eparimtr.t was officially advised to
day by General Corbin, commanding
the Department of the Philippines, of
the uprising in Samar, in which one
lieutenant and a number of enlisted
men of the Philippine Scouts were
killed. The cablegram :s as. follows:
"The Pulaja'nas are on the warpath
:n Samar In considerable numbers, as
may be judged from the following: On
November 10, about 403 Pulajanas and
several hundred volunteers joined in an
attack on a detachment of twenty
Philippine Scouts at Oras. Samar.
"Killed — One hospital corps man.
"W o u n d e d — Twelve Philippine
- Scout*.
"MiEsing— Five, said to have been
bploed while in the river.
"Ail bodies badly mutilated.
"And agrain, on December 16, Second
Lieutenant Stephen K. Hayt and thir
ty-seven enlisted men. Thirty-eighth
Company, Philippine Scouts, killed by
Pulajanas at Dolores, Samar. First
. Lieutenant George F. Abbott requests
help from military authorities. Town
threatened by a thousand Pulajanas.
Situation critical in both instances. I
offered the Philippine Government all
the assistance desired. As yet none
has been accepted."
DENVER, Dec. -24.— Lieutenant
Stephen K. Hayt, who was killed at
Dolores, Samar, by the Pulajanas, is a
cousin of Charles D. Hayt, a former
Judpe of the Colorado Supreme Court-
Lieutenant Hayt's father is deputy
recorder of Chicago, where young Hayt
left school when 20 years of age to
join the army.
REDUCTION' OF PANAMA
COMMISSION' PROBABLE
Belief Is Felt In Some Quarters That
the Membership of the Body
Is Too ljirsc.
■ WASHINGTON. Dec. 24.—Presi
dent Roosevelt has given considera
tion recently to suggestions looking to
a reduction In the membership of the
Panama Canal Commission, but thus
izr do dc-inite decision has been
reached. It is known that Represent
ative Hepburn of Iowa, chairman of
the Interstate and Foreign Commerce
Committee of trie House, is inclined to
ihe opinion that the commission is too
\p.rge and that the chief engineer of
t'.-.e canal ought to have greater ini
tiative authority than he now has.
Hepburn taiked to the President to
day about canal matters, but he de
clined to say whether it Was the in
tention of his committee to Introduce
a measure looking to the crystallisa
tion of his ideas into law.
RETIRED OFFICER WINS
DISPUTE OVER HIS TITLE
Attorney General Hand- Down on
Opinion of Great Importance
to Naval Men.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 24. — Attor
ney General Moody has given an
opinion to Secretary Morton in the
case of Paymaster General A. S.
Kenny. United States navy, retired,
"who some time ago made a protest
against being designated in the navy
register and In official correspondence
as **pay director." The contention
wa» that he should be designated as
"paymaster general, United States
nary, retired."
The Attorney General holds that the
title of pay-master general and of the
chiefs of other staff duty In the United
States Navy Department goes over to
the retired list irlth the ofScers and
stays vrlth them thereafter.
Army Orders.
WASHINGTON. Dec 24. — By order
.of the War Department Sergeant Ben
jamin B. Johnson and Corporals Asa
Wtcner, Frank Gollobitz and Frank
O'Nell. Fifth Battery. Field Artillery,
Presidio. San Francisco, will be dis
charged from the army by the com
manding oficar of that station for the
conrenlence of the Government. Re
cruit James W. Lorue. Field Artillery.
Jefferson barracks. Missousi. is trans
ferred to the Signal Corps. He will
be sent to Benicia barracks, California.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Uricsoi,
the only cure for
Kneumaiisin.
If you rre stiff erinj? from rheuma-
tism there is a chance for -ou to be-
come absolutely cured. You may
cure yourself and do it quickly if you
vi;l lay aside your prejudice and
cVcptlcism.
Every San Francisco druggist sells j
Uricsoi. the \vell-kno-.vn remedy, and ■
we hereby authorize theai to guaran- !
iee a cure.
Uricsoi cures rheumatism in the only '
•possible way it can be cured. ♦
Uric Acid and Urates are the cause
of Rheum ilism. These arc deposited
in the tissues, blood vessels and joints
of ihe body.
These deposits must jc dissolved !
and eliminated from the system be- '
fore a cure can be accomplished. * !
Uricsoi is a solvent of these and '
• ine-: up the system, stimulates the :
kidneys, liver .nd bowel-, and thus
drives them from the system.
Uricsoi is harmless, and no injuri- •
cus results can possibly come to any '
jjart of your bod;.'.
Write us to-day for booklet con- ; .
isining rtcoramended die: for rhcu- .
. URICSOL CHEMICAL CO.
Los An-jelcs. CaL
WOULD ARREST
LAW VIOLATORS
President Urges Drastic
Measures to Abate Smoke
Nuisance in Washington
COMMISSION - NOTIFIED
Executive Suggests That
Head of an Electric Light
Coni'imuy Be Cast Into Cell
WASHINGTON, Dec. 24.— Drastic ac
tion has been taken by the President
looking to the suppression of the smoke
nuisance in the city of Washington. A
letter was sent by his direction to the
District Commissioners on November
SO Inquiring if It were no^ possible to
proceed criminally against the officers
of an electric light company. He de
nounced the violation of the smoke law
by the company at the very doors of
the White House as an outrage and
urged that the managers of the com
pany bs arrested again and again, at
short intervals, in an effort to abate the
nuisance.
No response having been received
that satisfied the President, he authcrr-
Ized to-day the publication of the let
ter to the District Commissioners. It
follows:
"White House, Washington, D. C, Nov.
30. 1904.
"To the District Commissioners: The
President has again taken up with his
Cabinet the smoke nuisance so far as
the public buildings are cc-ncerned. He
would like especially to cull your at
tention, however, to the well-nigh In
tolerable manifestation of the nuisance
by the electric light company. Is it not
possible to proceed criminally against
the managers of this company? If net,
drastic legislation should be recom
mended.
"It is an outrage on the city that such
a nuisance should be permitted to ex
ist right by the White House. Almost
every hour of the day these great
chimneys can be seen emitting dense
clouds of smoke. It would seem to be
wise to go to the very limit of the law
and to arrest the head of the company
or those highest up in the company
again and again at the shortest possi
ble intervals, in order to put a stop to
this nuisance, for the conduct on their
part amounts to a flagrant defiance of
the law and of respect for pubiic opin
ion,.and. is fraught with serious
quences to the city of Washington.
"WILLIAM LOEB JR..
"Secretary to the President."
GUARDS WATCH WIFE WHILE
SHE NURSES DYING HUSBAND
Officials Temporarily Release Her
From Penitentiary to Care for
Spouse, Also a Prisoner.
TACOMA, Dec. 24.— A funeral that
was pathetic in many ways was held
here Friday when Leon Carron, a con
vict at McNeil's Island Penitentiary,
who had died of consumption, was
burled in a local cemetery.
About two years ago Carron and his
wife were convicted in the Federal
Court at Spokane of Dringmg girls in
to the United States for Immoral pur
poses. Having rich and powerful
friends they made a hard fight for ac
quittal In the face of strong evidence
produced by the Federal secret service
and immigration officers. Soon after
reaching McNeil's island, Carron began
to grow thin and soon fell a victim
of consumption. Last fall he was
taken to a hospital here and later his
earnest appeals to be nursed by his
wife were granted with the result
that she was allowed to come over
from the penitentiary under guard.
She nursed him night and day for
weeks and was chief mourner at the
funeral.
Carron's brother came here from
Spokane to make the funeral arrange
ments.
WIFE CHARGES THAT HER
HUSBAND IS BIGAMIST
Alleges That lie Wedded Her at a
Time When He Had Another
« Sponsc Living.
TACOMA, Dec. 24.— In a complaint
for divorce filed by Ada V. Freese
against Adison Freese, it Is charged
that Freese haa been married to sev
eral women at the same time. The
plaintiff married two years ago and
alleges she was unaware that Freese
was bound to another woman. She
now says he married Alice M. Freese
at Pueblo. Colo., in May. 15S7. and that
in February, 1897, he wedded Mamie
May Cook at Spokane without the
formality of obtaining a divorce from
his first wife. Four years later, she
says,' be secured a divorce from his
first v.ife. That divorce was grant
ed before the plaintiff married him.
but she alleges that he was still legal
ly bound to wife No. 2, formerly Miss
Cook, and that up tf> the present time
he has not obtained a divorce from
her. She alleges cruel and inhuman
treatment and requests an allowance
for attorneys' fees and costs of suit.
TWENTY CENTS REWARD ' \y
FOR RETURNING PURSE
Wealthy Eastern Tonrist Parts With
Two Dimes When $5026 Is Re
stored to Him.
L.OS ANGELES, Dec. 24. — Conduc
tor H. F. Swan of the Pacific Electric
Company has been rewarded with a
plft of 20 cents for" finding a puree
containing $5026 and restoring It to
its owner. Swan found the purse yes
terday in a seat on his car and after
carefully counting the ' money, which
was in one-hundred and five-hundred
dollar bills, turned it in at the office
of his company. The owner, a wealthy
Eastern tourist, to-day identified his
property and made the honest conduc
tor a Christmas present of 20 cents.
Baldwin's Airsliip Is at Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 24. — Captain
Baldwin's airship, the California Ar
row, which made successful flights at
St. Louis, will make a trial flight here
to-morrow. The machine will be
handled by Baldwin's aeronaut, Klau
benshue. It is expected that Bald
win's airship will make several flights
here, as the weather conditions are
most perfect for the work.
THE SAM FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY.. DECEMBER .25. 1904.
DODGE QUICKLY
GAINS FREEDOM
Alleged Perjurer Brought
Back to New York From
Texas Is Given Release
MYSTERY IN .THE CASE
Believed to Have Turned
State's Evidence and a
Sensation Is Expected
NEW YORK. Dec. 21.— There was an
unexpected turn to the case of perjury
against Charles F. Dodge, who was
brought to this city from Texas yester
day, when he was released en his own
recognizance after arraignment before
Judge Cowing in the Court of General
Sessions to-day. Dodge was accused
of having committed perjury in testi
fying that service was not made upon
him In the suit by which a divorce
from him was obtained by his former
wife.. who subsequently married
Charles W. 2Ioree. the banker and pro
moter. After Dodge's testimony, now
alleged to hav« been perjured, his for
mer wife obtained a divorce from
Morse. Dodge resisted "when an at
tempt was made to bring him from
Texas, but on his arrival in this city
is said to have made a confession in
a midnight talk with the local author
ities.
Judge Cowing said after releasing
Dodge that he could not make public
his reasons for doing so at this time.
Dodge was released upon the recom
mendation of District Attorney Jerome,
who said that the ends of Justice woutd
be served by such action.
It was reported that Dodge has turn
ed State's evidence and that he will
be* a witness for the District Attor
ney in proceedings against others for
whom Dodge is supposed to have acted
as agent.
The arrival of Dodge in New York
followed one of the longest and most
bitterly fought legal battles on record,
and was the real beginning of what, it
is bel'eved, will develop into one of the
most sensational cases the metropolis
has known.
QUEER CHARGE PLACED
AGAINST GOTHAM NEGRO
l>cfendant Accused of Interfering:
With Rights of Another Colored
Man by Beating Him.
NEW YORK, Dec. 24.— A charge,
the like of which never has been en
tertained in a United. States Court in
this district within the memory of the
oldest court official, was preferred to
day against Henry Jones, a Louisville,
Ky., negro, when he was arraigned
before United States Commissioner
Shields. The charge against Jones
was interfering with the rights of a
citizen in that he beat John Supper
tonight, another" negro, so severely
that Suppertonight was unable to vote
at the last Presidential election at
Louisville.
Secret service officers had been
searching for Jones for some time and
finally located him in this city. When
arraigned before the Commissioner
to-night he waived examination and
extradition formalities and ' will be
taken back to Louisville at once by
the Federal authorities for trial.
The complaint against Jones was
sworn out by Chief Flynn of the
United States secret service.
SETTLEMENT OF COLORADO
STRIKE SEEMS PROBABLE
Report of Western Federation of Min
ers Says Outlook Is Brighter
Than Ever.
DENVER, Dec. 24. — The report of
the executive board of the Western
Federation of Miners, which was
made public to-day, announced that
the prospect for settlement of the
strike in Colorado is brighter now
than it has been for the last six
months.
The troubles of the organization in
this State and the action of President
Moyer in calling off the strike in the
Telluride district are dwell upon.
There are now eleven local unions on
strike in this State. California has
three unions' out' on strike and two
unions In Montana have been locked
out since last summer. \
IN'JUXCTIOX PROCEEDINGS
DISMISSED BY COURT
Judge Holds lie Has No Jurisdiction
Over Suit Charging Violation of
■-'-/■'. ':■' Antl-Tnist Law.
HELENA. Dec- 24.— The State Su
preme Court to-day dismissed pro
ceedings begun by Attorney General
Donovan .against the International
Ham-ester Company, and four Chicago
packing-houses to restrain them from
carrying on business in • the State on
the .ground that\they were violating
the anti-trust law of Montana. Coun
sel for the. companies contended that
the court lacked Jurisdiction, and, the
court sustained this contention.
TAKES HIS; LIFE AFTER
rvVt QUARREL. WITH FIANCEE
Coroner's Inqnest on Remains of Xe
bruskn Business Man Reveals .
Cause of His Suicide.
YORK, Neb., Dec. 24.— At the
Coroner's inquiry at Broken Bow on
the remains of Howard Penn, a young
business man, who killed himself here
yesterday, testimony was given that he
was to have been married to Mrs.
Stevens of Lincoln the day he com
mitted suicide. The two had dis
agreed, it Is alleged, as to whether
the ceremony should be at York or
Lincoln. Penn is a son of the com
mandant of the Soldiers' Home at
Milford.
Fall hats, 1904, just arrived, nobble
ban ever. Tom Dillon & Co.. opp Palace.'
IF YOU ARE LOOKING
For a good investment' -in "a
lodging-house or a place of
business of any kind that will
pay yon n good profit, consult
the Business Chance ami Lcnl«j-
injc-llouse Columns of THE
CALIJ. In which. you eaitr always
find bargains in legitimate busi-
ness iiro]K>&ltlons.
RUIN IN PATH
OF THE FLAMES
Sioux City tire Entails a
Loss of $2,500,000 and
Throws Many Out of Work
THREE HOTELS BURNED
Man Who Lost Life Leaping
From the Fourth Story -of
Building Is Unidentified
SIOUX CITY, Iowa, Dec. 24.— Sioux
City awoke to-day with two of its bpst
business blocks in ashes, causing a
loss that may reach $2,500,000, throw-
Ing hundreds of people out of employ
ment and entailing the loss of at least
one life. . . v: -V- 1
The fire originated, "in the basement
of the Pelletier Dry Goods Company at
Fourth and Jackson streets, one of the
main corners • of the city. The fire
soon spread from the Massachusetts
building to the -Toy., building, across
Jarkson street, a . seven-story struc
ture, and then leaped across Fourth
street to the Metropolitan block, which
also was a seven-story building. This,
building was only partly destrpyed," but
the Toy block and its annex on the
east were entirely burned.
Three hotels were burned— the West,
Leader and Pullman. All the guests
escaped in safety. The man who was
killed Jumped from the fourth story
window in the Massachusetts building.
He struck a wire and missed the net
held by the fireman. Nobody has been
able to identify him. There were no
other serious casualties.
It was not until 3 o'clock this morn
ing that the flames were finally
checked at Pierce street, after Sel
ser Brothers' wholesale liquor estab
lishment had been destroyed.
Most of the property destroyed was
reasonably well Insured and the re
building of the burned buildings will
begin in most instances as soon as fire
losses are adjusted.
The following additional detailed
losses are reported to-day:
Selzer Brothers, liquor dealers, loss
J55.000; insurance, $23,000. Dow Cloth
ing. Company, loss $65,000; insurance,
$35,000. Other losses: Higman, Skin
ner & Co., boots and shoes, loss $50,
000; Wild Hardware Company, $20,000;
Davidson Brothers, $40,000; Jonathan
W. Brown, Bolton block, $35,000; Com
mercial block. $20,000; Brown Block
Company, building, $31,000; James
Bothuell. bulldlne, $23,000; John Aren
son Clothing: Company, stock, $22,000;
Gellete Hardware Company, $23,000;
Massachusetts Realty Company, Mas
sachusetts building, $200,000. ■
CESSATION* OF ACTIVITY
AFFECTS BANKS' BUSINESS
Moderate Decrease in Loans Is Shown
iti the Report or Associated
• Concerns.
NEW YORK, Dec. 24.— The Financier
says this -week:" The statement *6f the
associated banks of New York City
for week ending December 24 was
rather featureless, so far as important
changes are concerned. It is obvious,
however, that, the report of the af
filiated institutions failed to disclose
the receipts of Interior money which
are floating this way, although the
statement .was somewhat complicated
by current export gold engagements,
which aggregated since the previous
Saturday about $5,000,000.
Preliminary estimates made the
week's sain in cash by the banks were
as high as $2,000,000. but the clearing
house reDort gave the increase as only
$200,000. or abo\it one-tenth the earlier
estimates. There was a moderate de
crease, of $2,627,500 in loans, due to the
cessation of activity on the Stock Ex
change and this accounts for the fall
ing off of $2,002,000 in deposits. Lessened
reserve requirements and the gain In
cash brought -the excess reserve up
$700,000 to $15,247,223, or with the elim
ination of Government, deposits, to
$21,055,900.' It is a fair inference that
with conditions continuing as at pres
ent, the chances for any decided hard
ening of money rates are not In sight.
OWNERS OF THE SLOCUM
MEET WITH A 'REBUFF
Court Overrules Demurrer' to Indict
ment Charging Responsibility for
Appalling Disaster to Steamship.
NEW YORK. Dec. 24.— The de
murrer of Charles F. Barnaby, presi
dent; J. P. Atkinson, secretarr. and F.
G. Dexter, director of the Knicker
bocker Steamboat Company, to. an in
dictment charging them with a share
of the responsibility In the burning of
the excursion steamer General Slocum
was overruled to-day . by Judjrf*
Thomas of the United State3 Circuit
Court. These company " officials de
murred to ,the indictment on the
ground that they were not the ownir?
of the craft. ....
Demurrers to similar indictments
found against Mr. Pease of the
Knickerbocker Steamboat" Company's
fleet and Captain Van Schaack. who
who in command' of the" Slocum when
she was burned. with the. los^ of a thou
sand lives, also were overruled by
Judge Thomas. '_ > ['
TWELVE YEARS IX JAIL
. IS MURDERER'S SENTENCE
Physieian Who Killed Farmer in Mis
souri Last May Rent to the '
Penitentiary.
NEVADA. Mo., Dec. 24. — Dr. J. T.
Todd. a • practicing physician and a
former member of the State Legis
lature, who shot R. T. Wall at Rich
ards, Mo., in May' last, was found
guilty of-murder in the second degree
by a jury here to-day and his punish
ment fixed at twelve years in the State
penitentiary. Todd' pleaded self-de
fense. Ill feelingJiad- existed between
the two men for 'twenty years. "Wall
was a' wealthy farmer.
ChienffO Pioneer Drops Dead.
CHICAGO. Dec. 24. — S. J. Gallery,
one. of the orlgrinal members of the
Board of Trade, fell dead in his son's
office here 'to-day. Heart failure
caused" his death:>*'?i
LEBANON*, l'a.. Dec. 24.— The' main build
ins of l^ehanon Valley College at Anmilte was
totally' destroyed', by : lire to-night. Loss
•30.000.
NEW BORN BABE
ONLY AGNOSTIC
So Says Chesterton, the Eng
lish Humorist, in Address
on Aggressive Infidelity
FOND OF DD1E NOVELS
Writer Spends His Leisure
Moments! Reading of the
Great Deeds of Detectives
Special Dispatch to The Call
LONDON, Dec 24.— G. K. Chester
ton, whose "Napoleon of Notting Hill"
— not to mention his essays and biog
raphies — have made him almost as
well known in America as , he is in
this country, left London a day or two
ago for Frankfort. He gave a series
of- six lectures before the Frankfort
Academy of Social Science on the sub
ject of "English Contemporary Poet
ry." The poets dealt with Included
Tennyson and Browning. Swinburne
and the Neo-pagans, William Morris,
Kipling and W. B. Yeats.
When I saw him, recently, at his
house In Batter sea. on the Surrey side
of the Thames. Chesterton had just
returned from the church congress at
Liverpool, ' where he delivered a pi
quant address on "Aggressive Infidel
ity," which may possibly have worried
a bit some of the more fossilized of
his clerical hearers. In the course of
it the speaker declared that the only
true agnostic was a new-born babe.
He also said that It seemed to him
consonant to. the fundamental princi
ples of all religion that if he did not
believe there was a God he should go
and howl it about the streets.
The German visit over, however,
Chesterton will return home immedi
ately, to attack the perfect mountain
of work which is in front of him. The
first Item which will receive atten
tion 13 a new "Life of Dickens," which
the Methuens have commissioned
Chesterton t6' write. For these pub
lishers, too, the writer is going to pro
duce a brochure on one of the English
painters— similar in character to his
recent work on Watts. . The exact
artist, however, has not yet been de
cided upon. Chesterton has put aside,
for the moment, the "Life of Kings
ley," which he undertook some time
ago, but probably will recommence
work on it soon after the "Dickens" is
finished. And as if this were not
enough, the writer has also arranged
to collect and rewrite to some extent
his recent essays on religion so that
they may be published in book form
by Edwin Arnold. Needless to say. all
these works will appear in the United
States as well as in this country.
I asked about the prospects for an
other romance, on the lines of "The
Napoleon of Notting Hiil."
"I've sot another, wild idea for a
novel," Chesterton confessed, "which
probably will be about a burlesque
Anarchist circle. I hope to get at it
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Gnessers I
Th-s bcx contained 644
prunes, and the committee
arpoin ed from the Exam-
i-ier, Chronicie and Call
have awarded to the fo -
lowing named perse n» a
VI2TOR TALKING MA-
CHINE, th-sy b?m^ the ten
nearest gu :ssers : .
miss may McCarthy,
469 Fell St..
San Francisco.
MR. A- SCHWARTZ,
1612 0'Farrel-St.,
* San Francisco.
K.MEYN,
3326 Sacramr nto St.,
San F:ancisco.
E. HAMMER, T:
44 Silver St..
San Francisco.
CHAS. WHITE,
1C5J4 San Jose Avc,
... San Franc sco.
* 529 Union St.,
San Francisco.
A. GIBBS,
1558 Post St.,
.Sin Francisco.
NCRMAN BAHLER,
J95.Va*enc?aSU
San Franc'sco.
J. FELIX,
. 2269 Filbert St., .
San Francisco.
T. KELLY,
U36PacficSt.,.
San Francisco.
COMMITTEE- .
W. S. DJtEYPOLCHER,
' . Examiner.
J. A- RITCHIiV
■ Chron'de.
C H. HOUSE, CoIL
We w'sh you all a very
merry Christina--.
5 ? {C^« s^OK
■^Mjjki -mlvertfeemente Jlia
It some time next year— not much be
fore, however. I'm afraid." Mean
time his new volume of fantastic short
stories, "The Club of Queer Trades,"
will be published on both sides of the
Atlantic by j the. Harpers, probably
about the beginning of the new year.
. The writer's call on Chesterton was
made In the evening, when the humor
ist was found engrossed in the pages
of a penny-dreadful — It cost four
pence, to be exact — which rejoiced in
the title. VRadium and the Detective."
The cover of it bore a picture of a
gigantic hand turning a key in a
gigantic lock, all of which Chesterton
declared was "beautiful."
• "It amuses me very much," he said.
"I like detective stories, and as I can't
get good . ones, I get the best I can.
That's a point, by Jthe way," he went
on,.* "that Is almost invariably over
looked in discussions about the public
taste in literature. They talk about
people buying, bad literature instead of
good, literature and don't see that
what people want is a certain kind of
literature. . If they can get it done
well, they will; if not, they will get
it done as well as- they can. It's Just
like tea and coffee. If I am particu
larly .fond of .the taste of coffee and
dislike tea, I will drink poorly made
coffee, should -there be no well made
coffee . procurable, in preference to
well made tea. I like detective stories
and that is why- 1 read a bad one in
preference to a work on the history
of the universe." -
Chesterton declared that while in
the country, recently he had found
himself unable to get a detective story
and had 'been driven to seek enjoy
ment by -writing one. No one who
hat- read his "Club of Queer Trades"
wty) need to be told- that it had a
highly original plot. It was revealed
to the. writer, who, however, was
asked not to disclose it, as the story
may be published sooner or later.
While telling about his literary and
other plans Chesterton amused him
self by- drawing pictures similar to
those with which he ocasionally Illus
trates his short stories on the mar
gins of his penny-dreadfuls, which, I
suppose, he resumed as soon as he
was alone.*
For* some time past Anthony Hope
has been occupied with a new novel
which is now almost finished. In spite
of the success with which the author
handled a more domestic theme in
"Double. .Harness," readers will be
glad to hear" that this new story is in
his "Zenda" style.
I hear .on the best authority that
Ibsen, whose health has been much
better of late,- Is putting the finishing
touches to a new play In which he
will eXDOund his views on war. He
holds opinion? that are diametrically
opposed to, those -of Tolstoi and will
attempt -to. prove his belief that con
flicts between nations are useful and
even necessary for. the human species,
because they sustain ideas of disci
pline, courage, will" and . personal
action.
The news that Sherlock Holmes,
after a farewell appearance at Christ
mas time, will retire for good and all
has been received, on this side of the
water • at least, with modified regret.
Had Dr. Doyle been able to give us
back the Holmes -who solved the mys
tery of tho *i*Sp«ckled Band" and found
the horse "Silver Blaze," it is doubtful
if the jiubltc would have surrendered
him again without an indignant pro
test, but • few '■ EngrllRft ' readers have
cared greatly ' about the last "ad
ventures." Dr.^ • Doyle • -says that
Holmes will hereafter devote his at
tention to" bee keeping, but perhaps
Detective Lestrade may persuade him
to- "look into' a little -problem" now
and then. In that case, and provided
the sleuth of Baker street Rives a good
account' of himself, any details by-Dr.
Wht.«onwill be as weleome as ever to
English : readers.- They feel, however,
that otherwise the le-s written, about
Sherlock Holmes th<? better.
LOUISE TAKES DEPARTURE
FROM "CITY OF LEIPSIC
Government Will' Take Steps to Pre
vent Repetition of Former Crown
Princess*' Recent Visit.
. BERLIN. Dec. 24. — Countess Mon
tignoso.. formerly, the Crown Princess
Louise and . divorced .wife of King
Frederick Augustus, . left Leipsic at
midnight for Florence, Italy, a spe
cial dispatch from Dresden says the
Saxon Government will take steps to
prevent a '.repetition of the Countess*
efforts 'to 'see _her children. The fron
tier stations will be watched ciosely.
Women Join Strikers.
; NEW YORK. .Dec. 24. — Women to
the number of 350 employed by the
members - x>t - the Cap Manufacturers'
Association have joined *1n the strike
against the. open shop declaration of
the association. In all about 1800 or
1900 workera are now on strike and
the factories ■ will remain idle until
next week. , when cap makers will be
offered work individually on the open
shop- plan.
THE KMPORIVM.
AUCTION SALES
£?* fc» £&
Cloalnz out at auction all of my old stock.
30 bones and a choice lln« of vehicles of
•very description. 40 i«t* of harneis. Sato
TVESDAY. D«c. 27. 11 a. m.. at 1140 FOL-
SOM ST. WILLIAM CLOUGH. Auctioneer.
&s fe ;fe&
Carload Gsntle Livery tnd Light Wagon
Horses. 220 Valencia Street
"WESTEKX HOKSH MARKET.
GREEK CABINET RESIGNS
BECAUSE OP ITS DEFEAT
King: Geonre"s Ministers Do Not Relish
Criticism of Government's Gen
eral Policy.
ATHENS. Greece. Dec 24. — The
Greek Cabinet resigned to-day In con
sequence of the defeat of the Govern
ment in the Chamber yesterday on a
vote of no confidence moved by former
Premier Delyannis. The latter sharply
criticized the Government's general
policy and M. Zaimis did the same.
King George is considering whether
to forma stop-gap Cabinet or dissolve
the Chamber and entrust M. Delyannis
with the task of forming a new-
Cabinet.
AD VERTISEM EN'TS.
Heat your
office at>
once
This weather causes pneu-
monia, grippe, colds, etc. If
your stenographer, book-
keeper or clerk gets .sick, lays
off for one day, it loses more
money tor you than a dozen
heaters cost. Then, too, how
about yourself? Isn't your
own health of. some value?
We can warm any office,
store or house quickly
and economically with
Phone Exchange 8 for
our expert. Don't wait
to write. Quick action
our style.
i
THE RflS COMPANY
415 Post. St..
AUTOMOBILE
Large Machines for Sale at Small
Prices.
WIXTONS and TOLEDOS
AUTO LIVERY CO.
Automobile Experts
, SALES, HIRE and REPAIRS
Phones South 1152 and South 66
1185 MARKET STREET
Cures Colas and
At Drutzteta. -"• <ema. or mailed.
Humphreys' HiJi-in* Co.. cor. William and
John *tret-ta. New Vuib
2930
FORM IS UPSET IN RACES OVER THE OAKLAND COURSE
some horses performing peculiarly ON A MUDDY TRACK
PRINCE BRUTUS BREEZES HOME
EASIEST POSSIBLE WINNER
Squire Johnson Receives
Indifferent Handling.
an$ Is 1 Third.
ALBEMARLE IS FIRST
W- R. Condon Displays Form
Reversal by Defeating
Sol Lichtenstein.
Not even the squally weather and
the absence of good hofses yesterday
could keep the crowd away from Oak
land track. The better class of equine
jierformers were kept in the barn for
Borne reason, and the card furnished
was prolific of ragged and unsatisfac
tory sport. W. R. Condon gave a
pleasing reversal, and several other
horses displayed a lack of speed that
was truly refreshing.
The track was a sea of mud, and this
fact in a measure accounted for the
ordinary caliber of horses starting.
Two favorites only were successful.
Kunz rode an uncorked one in the
opening seven furlong event that land
ed the coin in Military, backed from
3 r . and 20 down to D. He got away in
front with the good thing, breaking
from the outside position, and, never
headed, won easily. S.ugden. which had
first call at 5 to 1, nosed out Dotterel
for the place.
IIELGESEVS POOR RIDE.
Helgesen, who piloted Squire John
eon, favorite for the two-year-old event
at six f urlonps, rode a race that earned
for him the censure of everybody level-
Ing a pair of "binoculars on the young
sters. Prince Brutus, ridden by Jakie
Jones, made a runaway race of it, win
ning off by himself. It may be that
Squire Johnson has no license to beat
the Prince, but this does not justify
the wretched exhibition furnished by
llelg-esen. The blonde jockey astride
the first choice finally succeeded In los
ing the place to Yada through his dila
tory tactics.
W. R. Condon, the horse of mystery.
came romping in first for the Futurity
course selling number. How to account
for the previous poor showing in a race
made by Louis Ezell's horse when a
favorite the little statuettes in the park
museum hold the secret, and they are
dumb and cannot tell. At all events,
the price about Condon touched 4^6,
then came the play. Anderson, usually
Elow, was a barrier champion on this
occasion, and, Eoon showing clear of
the field, the result was never In doubt.
Helgcsen rode a ridiculously bad race
on the favorite, Sol Lichtenstein. ar
riving at the wire in time to beat
Cousin Carrie for the place. Sir Preston
■and Revolt both ran disgustingly bad
races.
FAVORITE IS FOURTH.
Dr. Rowell's Briers started favorite
for the mile and a sixteenth selling af
fair, and finished fourth. Possibly she
figured to run there. North \Vest, an
8 to 1 shot, with Greenfield in the sad
dle, got away from the barrier fifth and
•was not headed. Now that Is giving
Barney Oldfleld something of a brush.
North West received backing from a
select few. who do not give out their
triple X epeclals until after 1:23 o'clock.
Lady Kent ran second and Colonel An
derson, a non-mudder, third. As before
etated, then followed Briers, the fav
orite.
There was nothing to the seven-fur
long run, also decided under selling
conditions, but Albemarle. Ridden by
Kunz and heavily backed, he went out
and spreadeagled his field. Bard Burns
ran second and Mr. Farnum third.
Mountebank, the second choice, ran
like a 100 to 1 shot.
Everything suited Dungannon In the
closing mile selling event, and with
Davis up, the filly dropped In the easi
est eort of a winner. Dusty Miller took
the place from Scherzo, a well backed
ese. The winner went to the post a 0
to 6 favorite. >
TRACK NOTES.
The great Christmas Handicap at
one and a Quarter miles with $8000
added money will be decided at Oak
land to-morrow.
Walter Jennings was successful In
securing the services of Knapp to ride
for his stable. "Big BUI" will sport the
Jennings colors at Oakland to-morrow.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PROFESSIONAL CLOCKER
224 Parrott Bids.. San Francisco.
Phone South 1045.
HT MBSAGETCSTEBDH GHEi
MILITARY , , 15 to 1, WON
PRINCE BRUTUS, 16 lo 5, WON
W, B, CONDON , 7to2, WON
DUHBAHHQfl . . 8 to 5, WON
MB, FARNUM ,13 to I, 3d
My message for Xmas day on the
Oakland races will be a "howler." and
will make my showing yesterday look
tame by comparison.
You can't afford to miss It!
TERMS: $2 DAILY; SiO WEEKLY
Superintendent of the Track William
Fleldwick was presented with a hand
some rubber-tired buggy, whip, robe
and harness by the employes of the
track yesterday. Bill was too full for
utterance to say more than "thanks,"
being overcome by the unlooked-for
visitation of Santa Claus. \-f ;-■
' Twenty-nine bookmakers cut in yes
terday, the largest number of the sea
son. Jim Neil and "Plnkey" Potter
were among the new comers.
The sudden reversal of form Bhown
by W. R. Condon and the fact that cer
tain well-known heavy speculators bet
on the Ezell horse will be investigated
by the stewards.
The two peculiar looking rides of Hel
gesen on Squire Johnson and later as
tride Sol Lichtenstein, gained few ad
mirers for the blonde rider. They will
also receive a probing by the officials.
Last season at Oakland Solomon Bon
ner, the colored rl^er, Incurred the ofli
cial wrath and was suspended. At the
close of the meeting across the way he
was given permission to ride for his
employer, Charley McCafferty, alone.
Yesterday the stewards restored Bon
ner to good standing on probation, and
he will now be seen in the saddle
oftener.
Racing at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS, Dec. 24. — Results
of the races to-day:
First race, one mlle-HLove's Labor
won. Gold Spink second, Hickory Cor
ners third. Time, 1:43 3-5.
Second race, five furlongs — Nor
wood Ohio won. Jake Sanders second,
Sponge Cake third. Time, 1:02 1-5.
Third race, one mile^ — Misanthrope
won. Worthington second, Rabunta
third. Time, 1:44. •-; .-> >•;
Fourth race, Christmas Handicap,
one mile — Floral Kingr won, Gre^or K
second, Au Revoir third. Time, 1:41.
Fifth race, one mile — Garnish won,
High Wind second, Topic third. Time,
1:41 4-6.
Sixth race, two miles — Treacy won,
Hymettus second. Lord Tennyson
third. Time. 3:33 4-5.
MOST NAVAD 3EEN HAVE
VERY TENDER HEARTS
Sympathetic as Children When the
Welfare of a Cat Is
Concerned.
The woman superintendent of the
Tyne Nautical School of Cookery gives
an interesting picture of the merchant
seaman as he really is.
Jack Merchantman, she says, wears
no special picturesque dress, which
possibly detracts from the interest he
arouses. In fact, he fiercely resents
those firms who insist on "uniform;"
he loudly declares that "he won't be
any man's lackey," and on "the brass
bounder" is poured forth the vitriol of
his scornful tongue.
It Is the ambition of Jack's life to be
counted "a wideawake bird," not
caught by chaff and not In the least
Boft-hearted.
Sailors are absurdly diffident and shy.
With careful handling they may come
to regard a school to which they attach
themselves &s a second home, and even
fiercely resent any interference with it,
yet the appearance of a stranger at
one of their classes will cause a general
stampede, even when It Is convincingly
shown that pecuniary as well as other
prudential reasons should induce them
to remain.
No class of men has so large a ten
derness for children, as well as all ani
mals. The lean, harried cat, denizen
of mean streets, seems to have a sixth
sense when she flies to the forecastle
of a convenient ship as an asylum
where she is carefully fed and nursed
back to health. A family of three kit
tens-and their mother were the joint
property of the carpenter and boat
swain. No royal babies ever received
greater attention. It was even stated
that the former vacated his own berth
in order that the mother and her tribe
might be comfortably housed. And the
pussies on their part were graciously
pleased to accept the homage of their
subjects. — Navy League Journal.
Picturesque Padua.
Padua, in spite of Its flat surround
ings, is one of the most picturesque
cities of Upper Italy, and the seeker
after gardens will -find many charming
bits along the narrow canals or by the
sluggish river skirting the city walls.
Indeed, one might almost Include In a
study of gardens the beautiful Prato
della Valle, the public square before
the church of Saint Antonio, with Its
encircling canal crossed by marble
bridges, Its range of baroque statues
of "worthies,',' and its central expanse
of turf and trees. There is no other
example In Italy of a square laid out in
this park-like way, and the Prato della
Valle would form an admirable model
for the treatment of open spaces in a
modern city. — Century.
The largest loaves of bread baked
in the world are those of France and
Italy. The "pipe" bread of Italy Is
baked In loaves two feet or three feet
long, while In France the loaves are
made in the shape of* very long rolls,
four or five feet in length, and in
many cases six feet.
THE SAN . FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 25, '1904.
SAX FBAXCISOO CALL'S 11ACING FOKM CHAET.
OAKIjAND — Saturday, Dec. 24. Weather raining. Track sloppy.
7017. FIRST RACE— Seven furlonga; selling; 3-yoar-oIda and up; value to flr«t. $325.
Index Horse and Owner. Wt|St. *4. V,. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
7601 Military, C (D. Quill) ..102 6 ... lh 1 1^1 111 Kunz .7177 IB 9
7C01 Sugden. a (J. Sturgeon) 102 5 ... 3 1 2 1*43 4 2 ns League .... 4 r : 6;
7570 Dotterel. 4 (W. IL Lynch)... 102 7 ... 4hS2 21 36 CrosswaiU 8 -8
7* ; l)5 Dollle H. 3 (B. J. Hart) 93 10 ... 12 H 9 4 2 4n Earnehaw -. 10 12
7r>li5 Ycurg Marlow, 4 (J. McLsrhn) 102 12 ... 11 2&S 2 6 2 5 3 Wright .... 3° 40
7M5 Myrtle H. 5 (Mrs. Hertzell).. 09 2 ... S % 4 n 5 1 6 1 Traver» ... 20, 20
7«)1 Bedner. 6 ( J. A. Cruza) 107 11 ... 10 1 10 82^72 need SO 60
7503 Karabel, a (Bottger & H.)... 102 1» ... 0^7^8282 Anderson .. « 8
7«CT Dandl* Belle, 6 (Winter & J.) 107 3 ... 6 2 5 h 7 >4 9 4 Alarla 80 1°
76S1 Homage. 6 (M. Stephenson). . 102 8 ... 8 11 10 T. Clark... 10 20
7uS'J Mosketo. 5 (G. Strobel) 102 4 ... 2 % 6 V>10 1 U J Jones... 6 1
7C07 Sunny Shore, 4 (J. Dunn)... 97 15 ... 15 -15 13 12 Greenfield . 10 7
74Co El Moro. a (J. Stuart) 09 1 ... 7 2 12 12 13 Hollander . 60 100
7551 Cinnabar, 3 (E. A. Chappell). 103 13 ...14hl3 14 14 Lana 60 100
7W5 Standard, a (J. J. McAlester) 03 14 ... 13 6 14 15 15 Taylor .... 10 20
Time — :U5. :50. 1:17 Vi. 1:30%. At post 2H minutes. Off at 2:15. Military, place, 4; «how,
2. Sugden. place, 5-2; show, 7-5. Dotterel, enow. 5-2. Winner, b. sr. by Albert- Lida.
Trained by K. Merckel. Start good. Won easily. Balance driving-. Winner oft.sail
ing. SuRden did his best. Dollle H cama from the clouds. So did Young Marlow.
Myrtle H quit. Bedner, away poorly, ran a nice race. Karabsl can do better. Sunny
Shore flat-footed when barrier went up.
7018. SECOND RACE — Six furlongs; purs«; two-year-olds; valu* to first, 5325.
Index Horse and Owner. Wt|St. %. %. %.' Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
7097 Prince Brutus (D. Cameron). 103 2... 14 16 16 17 J. Jones... 0-2 .16-5
IH»7 Yada (W. Cahlll) 110 S ..'. 3h 48 4 % 2 n ' Kum ..... 7-2 23-5
7W8 Squire Johnson (Mrs. Miller). 106 3 ... 212K2586 Helgesen .. 7-6 7-5
7604 (Cardinal Sarto (Summers Co.) 106 1 ... 1 1 6 3 4 6 H. Michaels 6 11-2
7552 Gossiper (J. Touhey)..'. 107 6 ... B 2%3 2 8 2 6 2% Reed 20 60
7530 Fay Templeton (G. Dodge).. 103 4 ... 6%6%7 63 Travers ... 20 25
0!»07 Morita (Napa Stock Farm).. 108 7 .,.Nn On 63 7 Bell 80 IPO
Time — :24>,i, M8H, 1:15. At poet 2 minutes Oft at 2:45. Brutus, place 6-5; show,
11-20. Yada, place. 7-5; show, 1-2. Johnson, show, 1-4. 'Winner, ch. c. by Brutus-
Princess. ■ Trained by D. Cameron. Scratched — Jerusha. Start good. Won easing up*
Balnnce driving hard. Prince Brutus evidently secured a franchise on the right of way.
Helgesen took Squire Johnson back going the first quarter. Tada ran a good race.
Fay Templeton outclassed.
7010. THIRD RACE— Futurity course; selling; three-year-olds and up; valua to first, $3K.
Index Horse and Owner. WtlSt. H- %^ «i. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
7504 \V. U. Condon, 4 (L. H. Eze-U) 111 2 ... In 13 15 12 Anderson .. 7-3 7-2
7594 S. Lichtenstein. 5 (Madison). 106 4 ... 6MJ68 48 24 Helgesen .. 7-5 6-6
7421 Cousin Carrie, 6 (Gaylorti)... ©7 8 ...'2 2*62 3 2 l'y l<i J. Kelly... 10 18
7547 Sir Preston, 4 (W. Soharetg). 101 5 ... 4 l',44 % 8 2 4 2 Travers ... 8 5
7600 Batldor 4 (L.. H. Fine)." 95 6 ... 6 6 C 5 1% U Fountain 20 80
7593 (Revolt, 4 (V. Gilbert) 101 1 ... 82 8n 62 6 Greenfield . 10 8
6780 [Hulf ord, 3 (H. Stover) ....... 0© 7 ... • Crosswalte ' 80 100
Tlme^ — :24*i, :49, 1:12. At post »i minute. Off at 8:04%. Condon, plac*. 1; show, 1-2.
Sol, place, 1-2; enow, 1-4. Carrie, show, 2. \ Winner, b. h. by Troubadour- Fellpa.
Trained by L. H. Ezell. Scratched — Maud Muller. Start good. Won easily. Second
driving. Third stopping. Transformed from a centerboard to a cutter, W. R. Condon
sliced the rollers like an 8-lnch shell piercing an Oregon cream cheese. Helgesen's ride
on Sol Lichtenstein was a wild, weird llllustratlon of a midsummer night's dream.
Can this be Sir Preston's race? Time will tell. Revolt must have bowed a. tendon.
•Pulled up. '
7G2O. FOURTH RACE— 1 1-16 miles; selling; three-year-olds and up; value to first. $325.
Index Horse and Owner. |Wt St. }i. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
7003 North West, 8 (Figaro Btbl.). 95 5 1 % 1 2tfl 1%1 111% Greenfield . 6 8
7612 Lady Kent, a (J. Ryan) 97 1 3 % 2 n 2 1%* 2 2 2% U Fountain 10 12
7610 Col Anderson 5 (McLaghltn) 110 2 62 62 5 ij 2 1U3 n Bell 12 25
(75G2) Briers, 4 (H.'E. Rowell) 99 3 4H5n4n3%44 Travers ... 7-2 18-5
7595 MaJ. Tenny, 5 (Piedmont St.) 996 6%4n62 62 5?iJ. Kelly... 6 12
7609 Barrack, a (A. E. Barrett)... 107 4 8%81 73 74 64 Larsen 6 4
Wenrlck. 3 (Dayton & Kahn) 105 9 7n 7288 8,20 7 5 a Miller.. 20 15
(7590)JMeistersinger, 5 (Healey) 107 7* 2 % 3 1%3 2 5 1 8 25 J. Jones... 8 7
(7571)!ldoco, 5 (G. W. Wilson) 95 8 9 9 9 9 9 Taylor .... 10 10
7603 JAnvil, 4 (C. E. Murray) 99 * Wright ... 6 7
Time— :26, :49^. 1:18, 1:43, 1:49%. At post 4 minutes. Off at 8:83. West, place. 3; show,
8-5. Kent, place 6; show, 5-2. Anderson, show, 4. Winner, br. f. by Montana-Nina
M. Trained by j". Lodge. Scratched— Isabelllta. Start good for all but Anvil. Won
all drivinsr. North West best to-day. Lady Kent did her best Colonel Anderson Is
no mudder, but ran In It anyway. Briers burned It all up, which pleased the bookies.
Major Tenny, Barrack and Melsterslnger died In their tracks under the terrific, wither
ing pace. 'Left. . '.
7021. FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs, selling; three-year-olds and up; value to first, $325,!
index Horse and Owner. WtlSt. %. *£. %. Btr. Fin. Jockey. Op! cT!
(7G12) Albemarle. 4 (J. Qulnlan).... 107 8 1 1%1 2 1 8%1 4.18 Knm 2 8-6
(7580) Bard Burns. 6 (O*Rourke) 110 4 2 2 2 1%2 4 2 2 2 4 Minder .... 4 9-2
7545 Mr. Farnum. 4 (G. Wilson).. 97 88 8 65 43 3 n Taylor .... 8 13
760.1 Mocorito. a (J. Ryan) 102 1 4S 38 34 33 44 Travers ... 0 8
75S9 Mountebank, a (Keating) 107 5 B H5S 51%5S 5 10 Greenfield . 4 18-5
.7567 Molto. 4 (li. L. Shannon) 107 2 8n 48 4%65 6 2% J. Jones. 40 30
7505 Fille d'Or, a (Appleton Co.)... 107 6 7 1%7 n 7 10 7 15 7 15 Anderson .. 10 lu
7607 Border Mark. 4 (O'Brien) 107 762628 8 8 Reed 100 100
75CT» Flaneur. 6 (Blanchl & Co.)... 107 Left Larsen .... 12 16
Time— :24%, :49%, 1:17. 1:29%. At post 4 minutes. Off at 4:02%. Albemarle. place, 4-5;
show, 2-5. Burns, place. 8-5; show. 7-10. FarnunL show, 8. Winner, b. g., by Deceiver-
Fable. Trained by J. Qulnlan. Sratched— ProlUabW, Educate. Delsegno. Start poor.
Won In a gallop. Balance driving. Albemarle possibly best Mr. Farnum la Improv
ing. Mocorito quit this day. Mounteban k can do better than this for money, marbles
or chalk. Others outclassed. . : .
70^2. SIXTH RACE— One mile, selling; three-year-olds; valueto first, $325.
Index! ~H~oree~anoTbwner. Wt St. U • \T- %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op! Cl7
TssiT Dungannon (Knebelkamp Co.) 1M S 2 «i 1 n 1 8 1 8 1 8 W. Davis.. 8-6 <WJ
7r.90 Dusty Miller (P. Sheridan) 106 1 3 % 4 2%2 n 2 % 2 1% Travers ... .8 4
7009 Scherzo (Pueblo Stable) U4 2 1 % 8 % 4 % 6 4 3 % Helgesen .. 8 23-5
7605 Bex Elder (J. J. Moran) Ill 3 5 2%5 2%5 4 4%4n Bell 80 40
7515 War Times (Mrs. Groshelm). Ill 6 4 n 2 n 8 1%3 % 5 4 Sherwood .. • 40 00
755-9 Serenity (Dayton & Co.) 103 8 6h78 62 616 10C Miller... 10 10
7605 Inspector Munro (T. Fox) 109 4 7%61 75 75 75 Greenfield . 6^8
7616 Harka (C. T. Henshall) Ill 7 8 8 8 8 8 Kunz 20 25
Time— :25tt. :51V*. 1:17%. 1:44%. At post % minute off at at 4:24%. Dungannon, place,
3-5; show. 1-6. Miller, place, 6-5; show, 1-2. Scherzo, show, 3-5. Winner* b. t., by
Dungarven-Dlstress. Trained by J. Own bey. Start good. Won easily. Balance driv
ing hard. Winner best Scherzo cut off onco on back stretch. Box Elder can win at a
shorter distance.
HARVARD CHESS PLAYERS
WIN INTERCOLLEGIATE GAME
Defeat Princeton, Columbia and Yale.
Efforts to Revive International
Cable Matches.
> NEW YORK, Dec. 24.— The third and
final round of the intercollegiate chess
tournament between Columbia, Har
vard. .Yale and Princeton was con
cluded to-night. Harvard won with a
total of 6% points, as against 6 for
Princeton, which finished in second
place. Columbia was third. with 6%
points, as against 4 for Yale. Thirteen
tournaments have been held In which
the same colleges tSok part. The high
est scores made by a winning team
were made by Harvard In 1897, 1898
and 1899, with 10 points in each contest.
In the thirteen years Harvard has won
eight contests, Columbia four and
Yale one. .
At a luncheon . tendered the sixteen
competitors by the originator of the
tournament, Edward A. CaswelV Yale
'66, at the Yale Club to-day steps were
taken toward the resumption of the. In
ternational cable matches with Ox
ford and Cambridge. A committee was
euthorized to enter at once Into com
munication with the English universi
ties and to Issue a challenge for the
Rice shield, now on the other side, as
soon as there is assurance that ar
rangements can be carried out. Five
cable matches have been contested to
date, of these England won three and
America one, while one contest resulted
In a tie.
Record Score in Basket Ball.
TACOMA, Wash., Dec. 24. — The Ta
coma Young Men's Christian Associa
tion basket ball team defeated the
Everett Young, Men's Christian Asso
ciation team to-rilght: by a score of
108 to 10. This is declared to be the
record score of the United States for
association teams.
Celtic Gatherings.
The Pan-Celtic Congress, In session
at Carnarvon, Wales, recently, Is a
conglomeration of several gatherings,
chief of which is the great Welsh
Eisteddfod. Ireland ' has two annual
Celtic gatherlngs-rthe Oireachtas'. and
the Feis Ceoil.. The Highlands of
Scotland has a Mod, and Brittany
keeps its Celticism aflame at an annu
al assembly. Manxland has no such
assembly, but the study of Gaelic is
being encouraged In various . 'ways,
while even in Cornwall, where the use
of the that was spoken in
Eden" has died out' altogether,' there
are enthusiasts who are trying to in
augurate a renaissance. — London
Globe.
EMPEROR WILLIAM OFFERS
ANOTHER YACHTING CUP
American Boats hi Trans-Atlantic
Race Will Have Another Trophy
for Which to Compete.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 24.—Com
mander Hebblnghaus, naval attache of
the German embassy, received a cable
gram to-day from Emperor William
announcing that he had decided to
offer another cup for a race from Dover
to Heligoland for auxiliary yachts in
an ocean cup, race.
The Kaiser has decided that the
Americans who have entered In the
ocean race should not bring their aux
iliary yachts across for nothing and
consequently he has arranged this race
for them and will give a valuable cup
as a prize. The race will be arranged
by the Imperial Yacht Club. Com
mander. Hebblnghaus says he has also
received from the Imperial Yacht Club
a message announcing the appointment
of the two sub-committees for the start
and the finish of the ocean cup races.
The committee for the start on the
American side consists of Allison V.
Armor of New York, C. L. F. Robln$on
of Newport and CommanderrHebbing
haus. The committee appointed for the
finish In England Is Lord Lonsdale, Sir
B. Birkbeck and Captain Cooper, naval
attache of the German embassy in Lon
don. . ■--.'.'• "
Fraud hi Textiles.
The amount of deception that* is
practiced In the manufacture of all
kinds of textiles is far greater than
most people have any conception of.
There are very few heavyweight wool
en cloths that are free from such sub
stances as shoddy or cotton. They
serve there a useful purpose of giving
weight and warmth to thV garment at
a comparatively low cost, without de
tracting from its outward appearance
and possible richness. Shoddy is the
article mostly depended on for heavy
weight goe"ds, but for the lighter
weight goods cotton is the thing, be
cause it can be spun to a finer thread.
— London Laundry Record.
5 Little . Elmer is Vond of Bible stories
and often refers to them in unexpected
ways. One .day, after absorbing a pot
ash lozenge that had been given him
for his sore throat, he said: "Mamma,
that fellow Esau was a chump to
trade his birthmark for a mess of that
stuff!". ' • .
Hoax— Did you , visit < the Filipino vil
lage at the St. Louis Fair? Joax— Yes.
Hoax— What did you think of It? Joax
—Where Igorrotes *- are bliss, 'tis ; folly
to be wise. ttHnBRMI
BRAGG LEADS
FIELD HANDILY
Is Never Headed in the
Handicap at Ascot, Being
Only Winning Favorite
HILDEBKAND'S BAD DAY
The Clever Jockey Fails
to Land a Horse First
at ( the Judges' Stand
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 24. — Cloudy,
threatening weather, with a light rain
in the forenoon, were the conditions
at Ascot to-day. The heavy track up
set all calculations 'of the form play r
ers except in the case of Bragg in the
third race. With 116 pounds up,
Bragg again led his field from start
to finish over one and a sixteenth
miles. Hans Wagner was second and
Milton Young third. This was the only
race that fell to a favorite. The other
winners were Exapo (8 to 1), Durbar
(6 to 1). Rough Rider (5 to 2), Line
of Life (2 to 1) and Conger (15 to 1).
Americano was played in the fifth
race as if none of the others had a
chance, but Line of Life and Arabo
never had any trouble beating him
out.
McDaniel and E. Walsh carried oft
the riding honors with two winners
each. Fuller rode one and Herbert
one. Hlldebrand had another bad day,
falling to ride a winner.
Weather cloudy; track slow. Sum
mary:
First race, one mile — Exapo, 99
(McDaniel), 8 to 1, won; Ethel
Scruggs, 100 (Lawrence), 2 to 1, sec
ond; Autumn Time, 104 (Otis), 7 to
1, third. Time? 1:45%. The Covenan
ter, Merry Sport, July Gyp, Lady Rice,
Graylette, Emily Oliver, Punctilio,
Evermore, Conceit and Louwelsea also
ran. •
Second race, selling, six furlongs —
Durbar, 96 (McDaniel), 6 to 1, won;
Dan Collins, 105 (Walsh), 6 to 1, sec
ond; Edinborough, 108 (H. Smith), 6
to 1, third. Time, 1:16. Bay Wonder,
El Verraco, Happy Chappy and Inter
lude also ran.
Third race, handicap, one and a six
teenth miles — Bragg, 116 (Walsh), 8
to 6, won; Hans Wagner, 99 (Hllde
brand), 6 to 1, second; Milton Young,
89 (Knapp), 6 to 1 , third. Time,
1:48%. Judge Denton, Elie and Sheriff
Bell also ran.
Fourth race, selling, one and an
Eighth miles — Rough Rider, 109 (Ful
ler), 5 to 2, won; Namtor, 113 (Du
gan), 10 to 1, second; Glisten, 102
(Hildebrand), 8 to 5, third. Time,
1:63%. Invictus, Mordente and dn
cinnatus also ran. 'f T-;
Fifth race, five furlongs — Line of
Life, 95 (Walsh), 2 to I, won; Arabo,
103 (Knapp), 11 to 6, second; Amer
icano, 103 (Hildebrand), 4 to 5, third.
Time, 1:01%. Isabute, Firmfoot, Vic
toria S and MacFlecknoe also ran.
Sixth race, selling, one mile — Con
ger. 99. (Herbert), 15 to 1, won; Lib
erto, 108 (Truebel), 12 to 5, second;
Huapala, 100 (Miller), 8 to 1, third.
Time, 1:44%. Capable, Dug Martin,
Miracle II, Galanthus, Lanark and
Blueridge also ran.
nOW HE WAS TAUGHT
WELL MERITED LESSON
Coachman Who Suffered Rather Than
Descend From His Dignified
Position.
A wealthy broker is so fond of flow
ers he frequently spends some time
in and about his plants, sometimes
doing a little gardening himself. A
few days ago he thought he would
water some plants, so he called to his
new coachman, who was standing
near a watering can, and told him to
fill it and bring It to him.
"Beg pardon, sir, I'm the coach
man," said the importation, touching
his hat.
"Well, that's all right; bring that
can here."
"Beg pardon, sir, I'm the coach
man." . Zsi
"Well, well, I know that. Bring
the can here. I want It."
The coachman touched his hat and
still made the same reply. Then
something dawned on the broker.
"Oh," he said, "you're the coach
man and can't bring. the can. Well,
coachman, go and have the black
team hitched to the family carriage
and bring It here. Have one of the
'ostlers ride on the box with you."
The coachman touched his hat
again respectfully and went. Pres
ently he drove up In style.
"Now," said the broker, "drive to
where that can Is; and you, 'ostler,
pick it up, get, back on the box, drive
'round to the stable with the coach
man, fill It with water and have him
drive you back again."
It was done and the can brought,
filled. : •;:■* ■.'•■•■
"Now, 'ostler," said the broker,
"you may go. Coachman, you remain
where you are. I may need* you
again. Don't drive away until I give
you leave." ;
The coachman saved his dignity, but
he sat on the seat in that coach for two
hours after the broker had finished
watering the flowers. — Tit-Bits.
A Tropical Fruit Center.
In reviewing the tropical fruit trade
for the last year, it is seen that New
Orleans still holds the record for be
ing the largest receiving point of trop
ical fruits, and on account of Its geo
graphical position . and its close prox
imity to Central and South America, no
other port , will ever equal It. The to
tal Importations of bananas andcocoa
niits into United States ports during
the fiscal year from July 1, 1903, to
June SO; 1904, aggregate 27,000,000 bana
nas ; and 75,000,000 cocoanuts, of which
New Orleans received 9,000.000 bunches
of bananas, Mobile 3,000,000, -Baltimore
8,000,000, Philadelphia 2.500,000, New
York 4,500,000, Boston 4,000,000. In ad
dition to ; the receipts of bananas and
cocoanuts sundry shipments of Central
American oranges \ and pineapples and
Cuba pines have been liberally import
ed.—New Orleans Times-Demcsratj
FOOTBALL MEN
ON THE FIELD
Association ; Players Will
Meet in Two Friendly
Games in Alameda County
CLOSE MATCH EXPECTED
Albion Rovers, Leaders of
the League, to Oppose
the Clever Occidentals
Two friendly matches of association
football w)U be played to-day, the re
sults of which will not affect the stand
ing of the clubs for the 1904-1905 cham
pionship of the California League. At
Freeman's Park, Golden Gate, the Occi
dentals will meet the Albion Rovers,
the ball being kicked off at 2:30 p. m.
Norman Logan will referee. As the
Rovers stand at the head of the table
of league matches and the Occidentals
have been beaten only once during the
season, the match is sure to be contest
ed keenly. The teams will line up in
the following, positions:
Occidentals. Position*. Albion Rover*.
Rushton Goalkeeper McFherson
Mime Right bock Jennings
Tiemey Lef t back. , John
Anderson Rlffht halfback. . .Anderson
Allen Center halfback Bayne
Mothleson..: Left halfback... Drum mond
Hodge Outside right Shand
Taylor Inside right MoArthur
T. S. Lydon Center forward. . Alnsworth
Grade Inside left Whyts
Qcodl«t Outside left Bradley
At Idora Park, Oakland, the Oakland
Hornets and the Independents will
play a friendly match, beginning at
2:30 p. m. The Hornets* team Is much
stronger than it was in the early part
of the season and is expected to play a
hard game. The players will occupy
the following positions:
Indeuendents. Positions. Oakland Hornet*.
AntrobuB Right back Pomeroy
Armstrong Goalkeeper - .Barrett
Mechels -Lef t back Murphy
Duncanson Right halfback H. Bird
Ballmaln .Center halfback.. "W. McGregor
McGran .T>e't halfback McDlarmld
J. Jones .Outside right R. Disher
T. Fay Inside right T. Disher
P. Fay Center forward McKenzU
i: Fay Inside left Rylea
Hlgglns Outside I«ft Chrlstensen
The Occidentals will play a match of
association football to-morrow against
the Wolfe Tones, champions of the Gae
lic game, on the grounds at -Ninth and
Bryant streets, beginning at 2:30 p. m.
The Vampires will play their annual
match against a Seamen's Institute
team selected by the Rev. S. H. Wing
fleld-Dlgby on the grounds at Alameda
to-morrow, beginning at 2:30 p. m. Last
year v these teams .played a tie game,
each scoring one goal.
FOOTBAI/L IN MARIX COUNTY.
Elevens Representing Fashionable
Sausallto and San Rafael Will
Sleet on Gridiron.
The "hill" contingent from Sausa
lito will meet some of the best known
San Rafael men In a game of football
to-morrow on the grounds of the
Mount Tamalpais Military Academy.
Lorlmer Rank of Eastern football
fame will captain the men of Sausa
lito. Robert Foster, tackle on this
year's University of California varsity,
will lead San RafaeL Ben Dlbblee, the
famous Harvard halfback, will um
pire.' The following Is the make-up
of the teams: Sausalito — Rank, Miller,
Farrar, Barretum, Newbagen. Hart,
Hinz. O'Brien, E. Stillman, W. BtiU
man and Blumenthal.
San Rafael — Beals, Grlffltha^ Jen
kins, Dorr, Foster, Burns, Sheeny,
Barr, Dufflcy, Hebard, Hoffman and
Alexander.
The teams will be entertained at
luncheon at Hotel RafaeL At this
time the proposition of forming a
country club in Maxin County will be
discussed.
Herrera hi a Draw Fight.
MILWAUKEE, Dec. 24. — Maurice
Sayers of this city and Aurelio Herrera
of California went six rounds to a
draw last night before the Milwaukee
Boxing Club. In the semi-final Mauro
Hen-era gained the decision over Wil
lie Mack 6f Brooklyn.
Not an Admissible Explanation.
Numerous railroad accidents during
the rush times of the boom period were
accounted for by the fact that the com
panies were having more business
forced upon them than they could prop
erly handle. The present epidemic of
disasters is being explained by
some people on the ground that poor
business and high costs of operation
have led to an undue reduction In the
labor forces of the roads. Railroad man.
agers will not accept such an explana
tion as this, but if It possesses any sub
stance the situation for the traveling
public becomes positively alarming. It
would then hav* to face Increased lia
bility to accident on account of good
times in business and also on account
of bad times.— Springfield Republican. •
Edison's New Storage Battery.
Thomas A. Edison continues to spend
a large part of his time perfecting the
storage battery upon which he has
been working for several years. The
delegates to the international electri
cal congress who paid a visit to Mr.
Edison In New Jersey last week found
him very optimistic as to the future of
this battery. When it was first de
veloped It had the. usual mechanical de
fects of a new invention and Mr. Edi
son has been spending much time In
his factory overcoming these defects.
The engineers who saw him last week
say that the Edison storage battery is
now perfected and that It will not be
long before it Is put on the market. —
Chicago Chronicle. . i
New Minister Favors Canal.
Enrique Cortez, according to private
information received in Washington, is
to be sent here by President Reyes as
Colombian Minister to the United
States. Senor Cortez is said to be in
favor of the construction of an isth
mian canal. A Pan-American diplo
mat is authority for the statement that
the new Minister will endeavor to sell
to # the United States several islands off
the isthmus, which, It Is believed, 'will
be used by the United States as coaling
stations. — Indianapolis News.
TEAMS MATCHED
ON THE COURTS
Tennis Doubles Tournament
of, the California Club
Promises Exciting Play
ENTRIES WELL PAIRED
Drawing Brings Together
the Men in Manner Sat
isfactory to the Officials
The drawing for the scratch doubles
tennis tournament to be played on th»
courts of the California* Tennis Club to
day were held yesterday. They could
not have resulted more satisfactorily.
Not only did the drawing for partners
bring about good results, but the draw-
Ing for positions also. Grant Smith and
Dr. Younger, Chester Smltli and Ray
Spllvalo and Paul Jones and Harry
Rolfe are probably the strongest teams
In thei upper half. In the lower half M.
Long and G. Janes, S. H. Adams and
Herbert Jones and Herbert Long and
Spencer Grant all appear to have an
equal chance.
The drawings follow:
Preliminary round — C. G. Kuelm and
H. Spring vs. A. Spllvalo and OL J.
Smith; E. P. Robbins and A. Taylor ▼*.
P. Jones and H. Rolfe; Dr. Ycmngar
and Grant Smith vs. B. Hopkins and
W. G. Knowlton; B. "Wallace and A.
Ames vs. H. Long and S. Grant; B.
Xourse and "W. H. Murphy vs. A. E.
Beyfuss and W. S. MacGavln; 8. H.
Adams and Herbert Jones vs. A, Ken
yon and H. Gabriel; Dr. Lovegrove and
R. B. Cornell a bye In the upper half;
M. Long and George Janes a bye In the
lower half.
Sixty Per Cent Duty on Slides.
The Board of United States General
Appraisers lately decided that micro
scope slides are dutiable under the
tariff law at the rate of 60 per cent
ad valorem.
Elmer & Amend Imported the
slides, which the firm thought were
dutiable either at 1% cents per
pound and 5 per cent ad valorem, or
at 45 per cent.
The slides are pieces of crown
glass about three inches In length and
one inch in width, with beveled edges
and with a slight concavity in the cen
ter of each piece. The assessment of
60 per cent was affirmed by the gen
eral board. — New York Commercial.
The things we get for nothing are
often dear at the price.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Natur* intended that every maa
should Ilv» all his years a perfect
man. Few men do. Most rasa can.
The problem of living a perfect man
la simpla. Undo the Injury that dis-
sipation has wrought Then avoid It—
live aa nature built you to live.
DR. O. C. JOSLEN,
Tie" li*ad!nc Specialist
To men whoa* years arm b*iag Qv«6
In physical Imperfection aa a raaolt oi
dissipation, whoa* live* ar% lau tfcaa
full and perfect Urea and who |«a to
be the men that nature meant tfe*m to
be, I extend aa earnest and sympa-
thetic offer of consultation and adrloa.
both of which are absolutely Cr— . *
WHAT WEAKNESS IS. I
"Weakness** Is ro«raly a symptom vi
dtronlo Inflammation In ta» prostate,
gland, brought on by. early dissipation
or by the Improper treatment of sotn*
oratraeted dlseaaa. A complete and
radical cure la therefor* a troastton of
restoring th* prostate gland to Its nor-
mal state, and that I accomplish
promptly and completely without th»
use of Internal remedies. My tieaL
ment Is a local on* entirely. It la
ortelnal and sciantlfio and has been
proved absolutely effective by thou-
sands of tests. I am convinced that by
no other methods can full and perma-
nent restoration of strength, and rigor
b» accomplished.
CONTRACTED DISORDERS.
Absolut* safety demands the most
thoroush treatment In all contracted
diseases. I treat contracted . j •«««•<• »
as no other physician treats them «n>1
I cure thoroughly In lets than U» usual
time required. Th«re are no re:*;-***.
Cr O
X also ear* wttb uaTaxytaf
rraeena Blrletnr* v*riooo»u, *
*rp«rm*>tonaa**, Atoo4 rvt.on. t
X.OST vmoB Ann am,
o — 6
Thos« finding 41 tn>^^nrw\t*n| *r Iw
possible t<> c«U» tn f*m.wi .>.-.,:.i writ*
a full and cnmplot* 4»%?rtf ♦«,■*» *f is«ir
symptom*. Th#lr l*»t»n «mu »*«?«It«
my prompt «n.» f*i«o«t *«t»*tt««v AU
consultation *trl«tl)» . .-nfl.iontu!. J
My Color.*! Churt txiMatniag man's
dls*a<e* |a hotpfut In mAfttn* a hom«
dt.o«nc«la and I* fr»o for th* aaktns;. ';
o o
I My fee* art fair: my curea
I are y*rmaii«ut, anrt Ten can pay
MB WBIS BATXSTZXO
J[ THAT YOU ASM TJTOJi.
DR. 0. C. JOSLEN
Cor. Xaarny and Market Streets.
Prlvata entrance, 703 Market »t_
Office Hour* — S a. m. to 4:30 pv m.
and 6:30 to 8:30 p. m. >
Sundays — 10 to I only.BOY MANAGER IS BACK
AND RELEASED ON BAIL
PROHISES TO SETTLE
MA2CAGER AND EPAIUUN'G PARTNER OF BATTLING NELSON* tTHO Wrnra
INTERCEPTED AT STOCKTON ON THEIR WAY EAST BECA^SF THFT tt
TLE FIGHTER CLAIMED THEY WERE i GETTING AWAY VOTH 'HIS cIlN.
*"I want my money," Battling Nelson
etlll declares. He has not the exact
"f.gures of what Is coming to him, for
his fist Is better at punching than pen
ning. The bitter feeling he cherished
usainst his manager. Ted Francis Mur
phy, seems to have vanished since the
latter was brought back and the money
l:j dispute placed in safety.
"It's the fault of a lot of knockers,"
.declares tha boy manager. "They
.wanted to get Nelson away from me
.because he is making a little money
tow. I hope nobody thinks that I tried
to ret away with the money. That Is
foolish."
The $9001 is in the property clerk's
cSce at the Hall of Justice, Nelson
end the boy manager held a friendly
conversation last night and all the dif
ferences may be amicably settled.
Moreover it Is eaid that the Dane may
retain Ted as manager.
.•• iLurphy and Eddie Santry were
brought from the Stockton Jail yester
day by Detective Taylor. On their
arrival at the Hall of Justice Judge
.Cabaniss ordered Santry released on
his own recognizance.' Murphy was re
leased on 54000 bail, whicn was quickly
furnished by Zick Abrams and David
'Sullivan.
The $3001 bankroll was placed in
charge of the property clerk " of the
•Police Department. Murphy gladly
■consented to this. Nelson could not
eee for some time that the bit of paper
represented real money. He wanted
the coin that he had fought for. "Let's
have a settlement right Here," he said.
"All I want is my money."
"That would be compounding a fel
ony." said the Judge, who was de
termined that Battling should not get
the worst of it.
"What's the difference," said the
illogical Dane- "All I want is -my
■money.".
Murphy la much disturbed over the
rumors that have .been wired broadcast
regarding him. At the City Prison he
roade a hasty calculation regarding
TCelEon'a Ehare of the draft for $9001
he held. He claims that Nelson's part
la between JS500 and $3700. The rest,
ilurphy maintains, belongs to himself.
Battling was seen last night at Harry
Corbett's. He was not going to prose
cute, he said. All he wanted was a
settlement and he was not seeking any
other manager. Murphy was still his
manager and he contemplated no
change. ■-..
"Bat" complained . of loss of sleep
caused by worry over the coin which
he feared was lost to him. He wanted
to go to his couch and get a large rest.
All the differences between himself and
Murphy will be settled some time to
day, he says.
When seen at the Hall of Justice,
Murphy expressed great surprise at
Nelson's move in swearing out the war
rant. He expected the Dane to follow
him East. He produced figures to show
that he was the most generous of man
agers.
The only difference between the state
ments of the youthful magnate and the
fighter is the percentage of receipts
they had verbally agreed upon as the
manager's share. Nelson says It was
25 per cent. Murphy declares It was
23 per cent and says that he can prove
this by witnesses.
"Nelson's share of the $9001." said
Murphy last night, "is $3700. It was
agreed between us that I should get 35
per cent of what he earned. I let him
off with less in fights where there was
little money. Why, in his first fight,
four years ago, I only took $20 and
spent it a minute later. I stood by
him when he could not fight. It's just a
case of knockers trying to get Battling
and throw me down."
Murphy received a telegram" from
hl« sister in Milwaukee yesterday. It
read: "Heard rumors. Don't believe
Nelson'sMoneySafe
at the Hall of
Justice.
them. Merry Christmas." One of the
reasons that caused the hasty trip,
Murphy says, was the news that Eddie
Santry's mother was dying.
Dunraren in Xew Role.
If well-laid plans do not gang aglee
America may have another visit from
Lord Dunraven— not cup-hunting this
time, but as the patron of a theatrical
venture In which the principal attrac
tion will be a bevy of English beau
ties, famed for well-rounded forms
rather than for intellectuality. Dun
raven is not a novice In the histrionic
field. When he was Lord Adare, many
years ago. he invested largely In ex
ploiting a company whose bid for pub
lic attention was measured best with
a tape line. The British public declined
to push the good thing along, and Dun
raven was out of pocket. His view of
America is that open display is more
acceptable that quiet merit, and if he
comes here next 6pring— or rather if he
Is represented by an agent— he will of
fer a collection of curves, with a few
dimples thrown in, that should fill the
bald-headed row of any theater with a
line unequaled since the days of "The
Black Crook."— Chicago Chronicle.
Round Trip Ticket for Corpse.
Senator Carmack of Tennessee tells
of a thrifty negro who presented him
self at the ticket office of a Memphis
railway station and Inquired what
would be the charge of transporting a
corpse "to Birmingham and return."
Receiving the desired Information, he
next inquired what would be the cost
of a round trip ticket for himself. The
tariff schedule was quoted and the
ticket agent then said: "I'd like to
know what you want of a round trip
rate on a corpse." The negro had no'
disposition to be mysterious and said:
"Well, boss, it's dls yere way. My wife,
Melinda, she's daid. She had a whole
raft o* folks over in Alabama and if
I invite <lem to de funeral dey's sure to
camp on me fer a month. So I'm goin*
to take de body over to Birmingham
so deyMl know she's daid and den I'll
bring it back hyah for de funeraj."—
Chicago Chronicle.
Civil War Singer.
John W. Hutchlnson, 84 years old, of
the famous New England Hutchlnson
family of singers, still hale and hearty,
was in St. Louis lately attending the
international peace conference. He
sung there some anti-slavery songs
which during the Civil War did much
to arouse sentiment against slavery.
During the Civil War a special permit
was issued by the Secretary of War
which allowed him to give a series of
concerts, which lasted for a month, to
the 30,000 soldiers stationed along the
Potomac River. Since attaining his
majority Mr. Hutchinson has traveled
almost continuously. Up to the present
date he, his brothers, daughter and
niece have given 11,000 concerts. He
conducted political campaigns with
Abraham Lincoln, Robert Ingersoll,
Stephen A. Douglas and other men of
prominence.— Chicago Chronicle.
Ixrabct'a Body Guard.
President Loubet Is one of the be3t
guarded rulers in Europe. A flying
brigade of police agents in civilian cos
tume has been created to follow the
President step by step wherever he
goes. When M. Loubet is about to
start from the Elysee the Prefecture
of Police is apprised «by telephone of
the place to which he is going, as well
as of the route he is to take. Before
he has passed the gate of the palace
a carriage is already in the street, with
orders to follow the Presidential con
veyance and not to lose sight of It
This maneuver Is repeated several
times dally.
"I can't understan'," said Uncle
Eben, "how it is dat some folks kin be
too proud to work an' at de same time
humble enough to let de fam'ly give
'em board an' lodgin' free."—Balti
more American.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1904.
CLEW TO SLAIN
GIRL'S IDENTITY
Cutler Hill Murder Victim
Is Believed to Be Young
Woman From New York
MISSING SOME TIME
Description of Female, Even
to Dentistry, Fits That of
Maid Killed in Colorado
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., Dec. 24.
An entirely new clew and one that
looks good to Chief. Reynolds has de
veloped as a result of the excellent de
scriptions of the dentistry sent over the
country by the press. The clew comes
from Syracuse, N. Y., where it is learn
ed that a girl named Kemter is miss
ing. The girl came to Colorado Springs
a year ago and in October a check for
$200 was sent "to her, which she ac
knowledged as receiving. Since that
time nothing has been heard from her
and her family believe that she is the
victim -of the Mount Cutler murder.
Investigation by Chief Reynolds brings
out the fact that the dentistry of the
missing Miss Kemter tallies exactly
with that of the dead girl as does also
the hair and height.
A dispatch received from Syracuse to
night is to the effect that the family
has directed a sister of Miss Kemter,
who is now in California, to proceed to
Colorado Springs at once and either lo
cate her sister or identify the remains.
Officers now * engaged in attempt
ing to solve the Mount Cutler murder
mystery are working on what they
claim to be the best clew yet secured.
The new theory on which they are
working is that the deceased was a
member of one of the theatrical
troupes that visited this city during
tho past two months and was put out
of the way by some male member of
the company on account of jealousy.
The police are now in telegraphic
communication with managers of a
number of companies.
Chief Reynolds has acertalned that
one young woman, believed to be Miss
Lucille Villiers, who was a member
of a theatrical company, was released
here and furnished with transportation
to St. Louis.
CUBA TO HAVE ANOTHER
UP-TO-DATE TKOLLEY ROAD
Americans to Build Railway From
Cienfuegos to Cruccs — Work Will
Begin This Fall.
An electric railway from Cienfuegos
to Cruces, a distance of twenty-three
miles, is now an assured fact, says
the Cuba Bulletin. The plans are
complete. The work will begin this
fall. It is expected the road will be
in operation in qne year.
The name of the company con
structing the road is the Cienfuegoa,
Palmira and Cruces Railway and
Power Company. Bruno Diaz is the
president and C. C. Vermuele of 203
Broadway, New York City, is the con
sulting engineer.
The cars will be forty feet long,
equipped with all up-to-date railway
conveniences and improvements and
patterned 'after the regular standard
interurban railroad cars like those in
use in the subway in New York.
The building of the road itself of
fers but few difficulties, as there are
no steep grades or other obstacles to
overcome. The main task is the
building of the reservoir, dam and
power-house, some twenty-eight miles
from Cienfuegos, among the hills, dif
ficult of access, making the transpor
tation of building materials a tedious
process. Two thousand acres of virgin
forest must be cleared* to make room
for the buildings and reservoir. The
source of Dower for the new road is
the falls of the Hanabanilla River.
A dam will be built at the head of
the fall3 flfty feet high. The water
will be diverted through a tunnel
part of the way, farther on through
steel tubes to the power-house. A
fall of 480 feet is calculated upon,
which will develop 4000 horsepower
needed for the operation of the road,
although 7000 horsepower Is avail
able. The company will also supply
light and power to all towns along its
route. Americans will build the road,
which will eventually be extended to
Santa Clara. — New York Commercial.
Bouncing Big Babies.
Well authenticated Instances of chil
dren weighing at birth as much ae thir
teen pounds are of extreme rarity.
Among 15,166 children born in Chrobak's
clinic in Vienna only one weighed 6300
grammes (11% pounds), while in seven
years at the Clinic Baudelocque, in
Paris, there were only six children who
exceeded 6000 grammes (11 pounds) at
birth, the largest weighing 6160
grammes (13% pounds). Dubois, in 1897,
collected twenty-eight cases In which
the child weighed more than 6600
grammes (12 pounds) at birth and stat
ed that the heaviest children on record
weighed, respectively, 24 pounds 3
ounces, 24 pounds 2 ounces and 23
pounds 12 ounces. — London Lancet.
Imprisonment for Chauffeurs.
Newport, R. I., Is an excellent place
for setting the fashion of sending reck
less drivers of automobiles to Jail for
repeated violations of the law against
excessive speed. The example giren
by Justice Darius Baker in the Rhode
Island seaside resort, when he sent
Michael Woods, chauff eur . f or Alfonso
de Navarro, to Jail for five days, is
needed in many other places. When
reckless use of powerful vehicles, capa
ble of express train Bpeed, begins to
mean Imprisonment chauffeurs will not
be ordered to do anything which will
make them useless to the men who pay
their wages. — Cleveland Leader.
Changed His Opinion.
"See this lovely tidy," said Mrs. Bar
gen, "it was so cheap—"
"H'ml" interrupted her husband. "1
want to recall my remark of this morn
ing that you were , always wanting
something you couldn't get"
"Oh, I didn't want this particularly;
you see, I bought it because it was
so— »
"I was wrong this morning. I should
have said that you were always getting
something you don't want."—Philadel
phia Press.
:_-___ . _. ___L._i-_-,__- ■_ ■■-■■__ ADVERTISESrEyTS. . __.
I Do you want to be 7 ~ r "~T r T1^^^^Yv ' Everybody Admires
I "A Man Among vf^ ->£?£^s£v M^^^^^ and Honors a
I Tien?" >f- -X " fe^ J^M y ~^ys***>* : J Strong Man.
I WILL PAY SIOOO FORFEIT
j For a case of Nervous Debility. Varicocele, Rheumatism, Lame Back, Lumbago, Sciatica, any case of Kidney Disease (that has not gone as far as M
it Bright's Disease), Indigestion, Constipation, or any weakness which I cannot cure with my new improved Electric Belt, with electric suspensory for H
| men (no charge), the marvel of electricians, the most wonderful curative device that has ever been introduced. ... H
i Give me a man broken down from dissipation, hard work or worry, from any cause which has sapped his vitality. Let htm follow my advice B
I fcrr three months and I will make him as vigorous in every respect as any man of his age. d
I I will not promise to make a Hercules of a man who was never intended by nature to be strong and vigorous. Even that man I can make Eg
a better than he is; but the man who has been strong and has lost his strength I can make as good as he ever was. ||
«S I can give back to any man what he has lost by violation of the laws of nature; I can stop all drains upon hi3 vitality in ten days. -J
H A man who is nervous, whose brain and body are weak, who sleeps badly, awakes mwc tired than when he went to bed, who is easily dis- g
ra couraged, inclined to brood over imaginary troubles, who has lost ambition and energy to tackle hard problems, lacks the animal electricity which I
KJ the Dr. McLaughlin Electric Belt supplies. "M
a The whole force of vitality in your body is dependent upon your animal electricity. When you lose that by draining the system in any H
j| manner my Belt will replace it and will cure you. . ■ . . n
M Mr. Wm. Decker of Carson City, Nev., writes: "I presume you remember that I was suffering from an extremely aggravated cas» of Tarlcocela when I cam* to you tor help. El
Hf There Is not the least sigm of this complaint now, and all credit must ba given to the Belt. If I can bo of any service to you 1 am at your command at all times." ■ »j
g Letters like that tell a story which means a great deal to a sufferer. They are a beacon light to the man. who has become discouraged from s!
n useless doctoring. I get such letters every day. ■;; -f r ; LI
ra My Belt has a wonderful influence upon tired, weak nerves. It braces and invigorates them, and stir3 up a' great force of energy in a man. B
J I make the best electrical body appliance in the world, having devoted twenty years to perfecting it. I know my trade. My_ cares after g
j everything else has failed are my best arguments. . ,■•>.• )■? " t\
SJIr. A. J. Hlllgen of Kingsby, Ore., writes: "I shall always be grateful to you for what you have dona and not hesitate to speak of the wonderful powtr of tha Eslt, tor Z fc&r* S
not felt better or stronger for a number of years than I do now." « vj
Give me a man with pains in his back, a dull ache in his muscles or joints, "come-and-go" pains in his shoulders, chest and side, Sciatica k|
\ in his hip, Lumbago. Rheumatism or any ache or pain, and my Belt will pour the oil of life into his aching body and drive out every sign of pain. H
K No pain can exist where my Belt is worn. JJ
g Mr. J. N. Coates of Santa Barbara. Cal., writes: "I have used your Belt for three months and can truthfully say that It has cured m« completely of weakntaa and Urn* back. H
} It does exactly what you say It will and I heartily recommend It to any one suffering as I did." > - f , ■ fj
And these, "old" men. these men who have burned the candle at both ends — or even if they haven't — thesa men who for one reason or another feel that ■
~ life has lost its spice, that they are getting old too fast. I can make them feel the sparkle and fire of youtft again. II
; ■ I'll never forget when Mr. A. Crawford of Pokegama, Oregon, an old man of seventy, wrote to me and said: "When I wrote to too last I told tou II
to send me a belt to make an old man young, and you did. • I am seventy years old. and since I have worn the Belt I feel as strong as I did at thirty-five, 0
j and can do as good a day's work as I could at that age." It was two years ago that Mr. Crawford wrote me that letter. Here is ona I Just got from him: m
; "In reply to your letter, I am glad to any that I am Just as much In favor of your Belt aa I ever was. for It has been a remarkable help to me. I am ■•venty-tw© years old. Bl
j but I do not look any mere than flfty. Am enjoylr.s perfect health, and will continue to reccminend the Belt, aa I have been doing right along, as I realize that but for It I ahould tav« ■
been dead and burled by this time." ~ . H
They come every day from everywhere. There is not a town or hamlet in the country which has not cures by Dr. McLaughlln'a Electric Belt. fcf
Now, what does this mean to you, dear reader? If you are not what you ought to be, can you ask any better proof to make you try It? la ther* a H
remedy which Is as srmple, as easy to use. as sure to cure and as cheap as Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt? I have not seen one. You must try it. In U
Justice to yourself and to those who look to you for their future happiness, try it now. Act this minute. Such a matter ought not to b« delayed. i J
-. --It's as-good for women as for men. Worn while you sleep, it causes no trouble. You feel the gentle, glowing heat from it constantly, but ne> «tlnfi fj
I no burning, as in old-style belts. v »j
Come and see me if you can. I have a private consulting room In which I will explain my method of treatment and, perhaps, give you th» names I!
| of some of your friends whom I have cured. .. < . |i
S Send for my beautiful book full of things a man likes to read if he wants to be a strong man. I send it, sealed, free. "Cut out and send this ad. H
DR. M. C. McLAUQHLIN, 906 Market Street, Above eius, San Francisco!
Office Hours: 8 a. m. to 8 p. m. Sundays 10 to 1. Seattle Office, 105 Colombia. Street. Xios Angeles. 131 South Spring: Street. y
Substitute. Judge's Leniency.
Senator Dubois of Idaho, during the
days when he was practicing law in
Boise City, was' on a certain occasion
sternly reprimanded by the Judge of a
court in that city because of alleged
contempt of court, and in addition was
fined In the sum of $50. The next day,
according, to a custom followed in the
Idaho courts, the Judge called upon
Mr. Dubois to occupy the bench for him
during the transaction of some com
paratively unimportant business. After
the Judge's departure from the court
room Mr. Dubois exhibited an Instance
of. that remarkable presence of mind for
which he has ever been noted. The
future Senator said to the clerk of the
court: "Turning to the records of this
court for yesterday, Mr. Clerk, you will
observe recorded a fine of $50 against
one Frederick T. Dubois. You will
kindly make a note to "the effect that
such fine has been remitted by order of
tho court."
Ancient Timekeeping Methods.
Ancient timekeeping has received
new light from two remarkable stones
lately unearthed by the German ex
plorers on the site of the old Ionic
port of Miletus. These stones are the
femains of calendars, of which one is
shown to date from 109 A. D. The
year was divided into twelve sodiacal
signs and against each month the mo
tion of the remaining signs was given,
with a note predicting the weather.
On the left side were thirty holes, a
wooden peg being moved forward one
hole each day, thus giving the astro
nomical date.
Not of the French Kind.
From Geneva it Is reported that a
sanguinary duel was fought in the
woods near Belllnzona between a Jour
nalist and a rich tradesman, both of
whom belonged to Venice. Sabers
were the weapons used. Both men
were excellent .swordsmen and the en
counter lasted ten minutes, when the
Journalist Inflicted a horrible gash on
his adverSary's cheek, almost cutting
away the lower part of his face. The
quarrel was over a woman, who de
clared after it was over that she would
have nothing to do with either of
them, as one was too disfigured by. the
wounds and the other was too blood
thirsty.—Indianapolis News.
Railroad Stagnates Jokers.
John Skelton Williams, who used to
be president of the Seaboard Air Line,
is a .. good friend . of Samuel Spencer,
president of the Southern Railway. The
friends of the two are fond of spring
ing 1 on them this story: In sending out
complimentary, passes to officials of the
Seaboard system it happened through
error that the Southern agent sent to
Mr. Williams a pass marked : "Not
good on . the Washington and South
western limited." When he received it
Mr. Williams looked up the Seaboard
pass that was to be sent to Mr. Spen
cer. With a pen he wrote across it:
"Not good on passenger trains."
The man who frequently gives him
self away, isn't necessarily charitable.
Says We Want to Be Humbugged.
Sir Alfred Harmsworth, who is an ex
pert on the subject of motor cars, has
been noting carefully the merits and de
merits of the American machine dur
ing his visit to this country and has
come to the conclusion that it is an ab
surd waste of money for Americans to
Import an automobile Instead of pur
chasing the domestic article. "Indeed,"
says Sir Alfred, "I can not understand
the folly of Americans importing cars
and paying such ridiculously high
prices for them when, as everybody
knows, the larger portion of these ex
orbitant prices goes into the pockets of
Paris middlemen of more than doubt
ful reputation. It may be, as Barnum
said, that . the American people want
to be humbugged."— Chicago Chronicle.
Morgan as Art Patron.
It seems likely that J. Plerpont Mor
gan will be the next president of the
Metropolitan Museum of Art, if he
will consent, as ha is now first vice
president, and it has been the usage
to elect that officer to the presidency
when there is a vacancy in that of
fice, as now by the death of Frederick
W. Rhinelander. Mr. Rhinelander
himself succeeded In that way to
Henry G. Marquand In 1902, as Mar
quand .had succeeded to John Taylor
Johnson after the latter's resignation
in 1888. Mr. Morgan has given some
hundreds, of thousands worth of treas
ures to the museum, and the Garland
collection of Chinese porcelain, which
cost over $700,000, is his loan. — Chi
cago Chronicle.
Smoking in Turkey.
Probably in no nation under tho
sun is smoking a more prevalent habit
than in Turkey. It is now chiefly In
the form of cigarettes that tobacco is
consumed, and as Turkey produces
some- of the best kinds of the weed
for use in the dainty tubes we may ex
pect the cigarette to become increas
ingly popular^ Strange • as It may
seem, cigars are in many parts of Tur
key cheaper than cigarettes, and this
naturally causes an increased demand
for these sroods.— Cigar and Tobacco
World.
Price of Fleas.
Sometime ago it was announced that
A. M. Barker had arrived at Seattle
from Siberia, wlth^two fleas .from an
Arctic fox, on his way to deliver them
to Charles Rothschild, who was willing
to give $5000 for them, as his collection
was incomplete without them.' The
London Express telegraphed an Inquiry
to Dr. Jordan, curator , of Mr. Roths
child's museum, and received this re
ply: "Report all nonsense. A hew
kind - of flea is worth one shilling and
six-pence. Nobody pays more.".
"You say, he won't express an opin
ion on the war In the East?"
"No, he's running for Councilman
in his ward, you know."
'.'What has that to do with it?"
"Well, there's one Japanese and one
Russian vote in the ward and he wants
to catch 'em both." — , Philadelphia
Pres'a.
Gambling In Former Days.
We hear a good deal of gaming In
hares and other ways by society wom
en to-day, says the Liverpool Post. In
former days many titled women not
only gambled, but kept gambling hells.
In 1745 the Baroness Mordington, who
kept one of these establishments In
the great Piazza, Covent Garden, ap
pealed to the House of Lords on the
plea of her peerage to protect her from
the intrusion of the law officers. Hap
pily the Lords decided that no person
is entitled to privilege of peerage
against any prosecution for keeping a
gaming house. Perhaps the most no
torious gamestre8s, however, was the
Countess of Buckinghamshire, who, In
1797, was fined £50 for gaming, while
the man who kept the faro table for
her was fined £200.
An extraordinary series of thefts
were perpetrated at the house of the
distinguished culpit, and the ruin of
many men was traceable to her estab
lishment. Among the notable names
which occur in the last of gamblers of
the old days there come at once to
mind those of Lords Halifax. Anglesey
and Shaf tsbury. It was of this trio
that Locke tells the story of his sit
ting by and writing down the exple
tives they uttered as they sat at play.
Being questioned as to his occupation,
he replied to Lord Anglesey: "My
lord, I am anxious not to lose anything
you utter" — an Irony which made the
three ashamed and put an end to their
gaming. — Exchange, i
Some Old-Time "Brands."
M. Sorblere, who made a Journey to
London in 1698, when he had given an
enumeration of French liquors to some
one engaged in the trade on this side
the English channel, "he answered me
that he had a thousand such sort of
liquors, as 'Hum tie Dumtie,* 'Three
Threads,* 'Four Threads,' 'Old Pha
raoh,' 'Knockdown,' "Hugmatee,"
'Shouldree,' 'Clamber Clown,' 'Hotpots/
'Newgate Market.' 'Fox -comb,' "Blind
Pinneaux' and 'Stlffle.' " These pic
turesque potations seem as far removed
"from popular English memory as Wil
liam of Orange himself, popular though
they apparently were in his reign, and
their very names are now a puzzle to
antiquarians, though "Old Pharoah"
and "Knockdown" (the latter likewise
known as "Camberscull") are remem
bered as .strong "Yorkshire" ales,
"Humty Dumpty" as a fearsome mix
ture of ale boiled with brandy, and
"Hugmatee" as a potent liquor which
has had a line of poetry devoted to it,
all of itself.— Westminster Gazette.
Relative Values of I^ing-uagt?.
An English tourist was being driven
on a jaunting car through the Done
gal highlands, and after a time the re
sults of his observation came to the
surface in the following query: "Driv
er! I notice that when you speak to
your friends whom you meet on the
road you invariably do so in Irish, but
when you address your horse you do so
in English. How is this?" To which
came the retort: "Musha, now thin.
Isn't English good enough for him." —
The Spectator. 9f>H
Coming in Favor Again.
Old-fashioned names for girl3 ara in
favor again, after thesa yeaxs of
Gwendolen and Eloise, Marguerito and
Aileen v Katharyne and Mamie. The
girl who would once spell her name
Carrye now signs it demurely Caroline
and rejoices in the beautiful old-fash
ioned name. Sara has resumed her
final "h." which she once dropped In
scorn. Mollie, Marie and May axe now
Mary, that most beautiful of all
names. Lizzie would be horrified If
you called her anything but Elizabeth,
and Jennie wants to be known as
Jane, and no mistake about It.
Suzette and Suzanne are glad to re
turn to the plain, dignified old name of
Susan and Nan calls herself Nancy with
more pleasure than she ever dreamed
of. Lou, Louie and Lulu are now
Louise, and one girl who was christen
ed for her grandmother, but always
called herself Annie, is proud of dis
playing Hannah on her cards. It Is
a revival quite in keeping with the
other old styles in dress and housefur
nishings which have been with us of
late. The plain, old fashioned names
possess a dignity and charm which no
other can. The most abused of all
names, Catherine, which has been dis
torted in all sorts of ways, with such
variations as Kate, Katie, Kathryn,
Katharine, and so on, has come into its
own with this revival. — Buffalo Com
mercial.
It is claimed that walking is a sure
cure for appendicitis.
Hitherto it has been supposed that
Weary Willie and Dusty Rhodes' free
dom from the disease was entirely due
to the fact that they couldn't afford an
operation. — Cleveland Plain Deader.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
jfl^k The Vacanm Cap
II Cures Baliness »ad PaU-
II RSjGT tnz Hair toy creatfcur a
U JOTS Perfect circulation fax th»
W^OV Jef «ealD. Call or writ* for
N^V^BG^V VACUUM APPT.TANCa
'\ 0 OTaxrell St.
WEAK MEN CURED
v^^w Wa hare * tafe.
sot-OCNCfBYUS /5<^V\ *l SIMPI«E HOME
'•13 V&* cure and want
'li f^ v'SH^'V'^- every WEAK or
22 iTCil^M n u NDEVELOPED
«r. /)J -a •f c ~^ rnaa to try lt * or
"5- ' tA .£&*/ v >i « < 10 davs oa »p-
4i_I < ?\5&3 ° 63 rtff proval without
s3l2s ?i»W*^ °O charge. Call ca
'9 t j»i^*/v>r ' 15 *i O Us or writs for
tjf »fcZrCr^'' < iu > > our new very la-
IlTioN THE iitlrJoZ ft"»c«v« 100-pajr*
Tfm SQUARE C S» " Illustrated book.
iV&'j* miwu'u *i 1M i Na - 8 - full? ex-
ill nri iH Id Tin h IPM « Plains our most
E *™ 1 * 11 ""- 1 -" remarkable treat.
ment. It will restore the flre and VIGOR
of YOUTH. The only positive means known
<"' '"ptUfCCT URETMOAL MCPCATK3H Ui, t
which will folly enlarc aad completely d«-
velop the organs, used, with our Soluble Cray.
or.s quickly cures all drains and discharges,
Varicocele. Stricture, Premature Decay, En_
largement of Prostata Gland, etc. Our phy-
sicians are experienced specialists for MEN"
only. We have the most successful home cur»
In the world. CALL, or WRITE TO-OAT.
Book seat SECURELY SEALED free. Hours—
9 to 9. Sundays— 10 to 1.
Vacuum Appliance Co., ■!?££•'
3132
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
SOFT ANSWER
TO HOWISON
Professor's Allegations Ee
garding Belief in Im
mortality Are Denied
DEFENSE FOR LIBERALS
Berkeley Pastor Declares
That Unitarians General
ly Hold the Doctrine
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Dec 24.
Professor G. H. Howlson's remarks
of last Sunday concerning the BO-cailed
•■liberal" churches' attitude toward the
doctrine of immortality has been an
ew ered by Rev. Earl Morse Wilbur,
minister of the Unitarian church of
Berkeley.
In an open letter Issued to-day Rev.
Mr. Wilbur quotes from the reDort of
Professor Howison's address in The
Call of last Monday, as follows: "One
whole group of Christians — the so
tailed liberal group — has ceased* to be
lieve it. They do not object, I under
stand, to any member of their body
cherishing the belief, but it is not of
their formal tenets of faith."
With this as a text, the Unitarian
minister, who also is dean of the Uni
tarian Theological Seminary, discussed
the allegation as follows:
. ' "I intend no newspaper controversy
with or.e for whom I have bo high re
gard as Professor Howison, and, in
deed. I trust that the report does not
represent the speaker's deliberate opin
ion; but I should be untrue to my own
faith, and unworthy of the cause that
I represent in this community, if I suf
fered such a report credited to such a
pource to cass without notice. And I
vish here simply to say that it is
far from representing the,, real state of
belief among Unitarians as I have
known them during some fifteen years
in the ministry, and with a tolerably
wide acquaintance among their leaders.
"The Unitarian Church has no formal
creed that one must assent to before
joining it. While it appreciates the
Importance to the individual of clear
thelogical opinions, it holds that no
person or church should impose them
upon him as a condition of Christian
fellowship. No Unitarian Church would
dream of asking a candidate what he
believed as to immortality or any other
doctrine before admitting" him to mem
bership. It would ask no more than
to be assured of his sincere desire to
lead a Christian life.
"But it would be a grave mistake to
conclude from this attitude that the
Unitarian Church, as a whole, or that
• !:>• considerable proportion of it, has
ceased to hold the faith in immortal
ity. Numerous statements of . what
Unitarians believe are published, and
they are often said (I believe with
truth) to come nearer to representing
the average level of Unitarian belief
than the standard orthodox creeds to
representing that of those that pro
fess them. I have just examined near
ly a. score of these, and have found
that without exception they express
faith in immortality in unequivocal
terms; and they represent, I am sure,
the consenting opinion of the leaders
of Unitarian thought, the radical as
well as t*ie conservative.
"Most modern Unitarians, it is true,
are as far from believing that the
body of Jesus ever rose from the
dead as they are from believing that
his spirit ever died at all. i Their con
fidence in a future life is based rather
on the inherent nature of the human
eoul, its kinship with God, and the
reasonableness of His universe.
"EARL MORSE WILBUR,
.."Dean of the Unitarian Theological
.' School."
ASSOCIATED CHARITIES
SEEKS AN INVESTIGATION
Requests City. Council to Examine tbe
Books and Workings of the
Organization.
OAKLAND. Dec. 24. — Investigation
Is courted by the Associated Charities
concerning the workings of the organ
ization and the directors. On motion
of Rev. Charles R. Brown, seconded
by Rev. C. T. Walkeley. the City Coun
cil will be requested to name a com
n«ittee to examine the funds and books
of the organization. After reading tha
affidavits filed with the City Council
rocking: charges against the secretary
in the case of Mrs. Alice Wiley and
having investigated the same the
beard of directors adopted a resolution
declaring its confidence in the secre
tary.
E&ypt Claim* Oldest 3Inn.
Egypt puts in a claim to possess the
oldest person in the world, one Ahmed
Selim, who has Just turned six^core. He
remembers Napoleon in Egypt, or says
he does, and how he scattered the
mamelukes b«fore him "with his whirl
wind Bword," more potent than even
the prophet's heaven-descended blade.
He was long a slave in Cairo, but is
cow bedridden, and taken care of by a
great-granddaughter, herself now well
along in years. Old Arabs remember
iim as an old .man when they were
boys, and have no difficulty in believing
that he is as aged as he says he is. —
Indianapolis News.
Oculist — Yes. you have a bad case of
cross-eyes. Were they always that
way?
Caller— No, sir. It's of recent occur
ence. I think I got it while •! was
watching the workmen on a sky scrap
er and trying to look at an 'automobile
accident in the street below qt the same
time.— Chicago Tribune.
"The difference between a woman
.and a glass." said the funny fellow, "is
that the glass reflect* without speak
ing, while a woman speaks without
reflecting."
"And the difference between you
end a glass," said the sharp girl, 'is
that the glass Is polished." — Philadel
phia Inquirer.
MANY CHOIRS WILL RAISE
THEIR VOICES IN SONG.
ylll Churches to Hold Special Services
Oakland Pastors Announce Their
Programmes for Day.
RICH AND POOR
SHARE THE JOYS
OF CHRISTMAS
By Zoe Green Radcllffe,
OAKLAND, Dec. 2 4. — Few realize
that "it is more blessed to give than, to
receive" so well as Mrs. J. A. Folger.
Ker heart and- hand are always open
to the call of charity, but at Christ
mas time it is her delight to extend
her giving and make glad many hearts
outside her own fortunate circle of in
timates and kin. This year Fabiola
Hospital and the Associated Charities
are each the richer to-day by $50,
while two free kindergartens — the
Oakland and Central — are rejoicing
over the $25 check that each received
as a Christmas gift from Mrs. Folger.
Mrs. Robert Watt also bestowed a
generous Christmas present upon Fab
iola in the form of a. check for $25.
There are many other generous
women in Oakland with" means to sat
isfy their noble impulses who annually
bring happiness to hundreds of hearts.
Every year Mrs. Oscar Luning has a
gorgeous tree for dozens of little chil
dren in her neighborhood, who but
for her kindly thought would see little
difference between Christmas and any
other day. The other day Mrs. A. A.
Moore Jr. entertained fifty little people
with a fairy tree that yielded mo'st
wonderful fruit and before the sea
son is over many more examples, of
such commendable keeping of the
Yuletide will come to light.
To-morrow the home of the Thomas
Prathers will look like a scene from
seme fairy tale. An immense tree is
being laden with gifts that will find
their way into the hands of half a
hundred merry children to-morrow.
The beautiful ballroom of the A. L.
Stones has been transformed into a
bewitching headquarters for Santa
Claus, and the children of the Egbert
Stones, the Detricks, the Havemeyers,
the McNears, the Macdonalds and the
Eraytons will all be included in the
big Christmas gathering.
Every one is 6till talking of the Chan
selor Christmas tea. Everything was
on a most elaborate scale and the
gorgeous gowns, the beautiful decora
tions and the wonderful tree all fur
nished food for endless delightful gos
sip and delicious memories that future
Christmases will always revive. The
guests chose their own packages from
the tree and, when denuded of their en
velopes of tissue paper and red rib
bon, revealed rare bits of bric-a-brac
and various articles of value.
In the musical geography Oakland is
once more on the map. Paderewski re
ceived an ovation yesterday that
equaled, if it did not surpass, any en
thusiastic demonstration of our criti
cal neighbors across the bay. A large
audience — unusually large considering
the fact that much Christmas shopping
was still to do — greeted the great artist
and compelled him to give three en
cores after his last number. Paderews
ki was very gracious with his encores.
The Piedmont Dancing Club will give
a Christmas dance at the picturesque
little clubhouse in Piedmont Park next
Tuesday night. The club. Includes thir
ty or forty of the Linda Vista \ and
othw dwellers on the Piedmont hills.
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, Dec. 24. — The follow
ing marriage licenses were issued by
the County Clerk to-day: William L.
Hafley, 28, Sacramento, and Alma A.
I*angford, 18, Oakland; Benjamin H.
Turner, 24, San Francisco, and Fannie
C. Rowden, 23, Visalia; Frank - G.
Gotrtz, over 21. and Anna J. Witte,
over 18, both of Oakland; Peter
Bohrer. over 21. -and Sarah Healey,
over 18. both of Oakland; Edward G.
Witt. 27, Los Angeles, and Stephanie
E. Hill, 22, Berkeley; Frank E.. H.
Frost, over 21. and Louise G. Bassett,
over 18, both of Oakland; Frank T.
Owens, 26, and Bessie M. Anderson,
21. both of Oakland; Charles L.
Briggs, 23, Fruitvale. and Cella Strick
mnn, 17, Oakland; Charles P. Eggles
ton, 28. and Mabel G. Teeple, 21, both
of Oakland: Joseph C. Elliott, 27.
Oakland, and Myra L. Gould, 22, Hay
wards; Henry A. Nablas, 22, and Mary
Melendez, 18, both of Oakland; Lester
D. Schaenfeld, 29, San" Francisco, and
Daisy M. Blodgett, 23, Oakland;
Daniel Snidley. over 21,. Santa Clara,
and Mary E. King, over 18. Salinas;
Charles E. Bowdoin, 41. San Fran
cisco, and Harriet B. Wheat, 34. Oak
land; Jean B. Caxsaubon. over 21, and
Charlotte Chanteloup. over 18, both
of Oakland. ■ - ,V-. :
Educators to •Convene.
OAKLAND. Dec. 24.— Commercial
and shorthand teachers from various
parts of California will hold a con
vention in the Polytechnic College,
this city, next Thursday and Friday.
Prior to tho opening: of the convention
Thursday morning at 9:30 o'clock
there will be an informal reception.
Secretary Edwin M. Stearns of the
Oakland Board of Trade, will' deliver
an address of welcome. ' D. a. White
of ; San Jose •-will- respond. ■ W. W.
Cooley is scheduled to deliver a lec
ture on "The Business College." : Pa
pers dealing • with " commercial and
shorthand studies ' will be • read by - B.
F. Allison, H. C. Ingrain, R.' V. Dlxon
and Mrs. Grace A. Spear.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. DECEMBER 25, 1904.
OAKLAND, Dec. 24. — Christmas day
coming 1 on Sunday there will be spe
cial services in the churches of Oak
land to-morrow. There will be spe
cial music and special sermons in all
of the places of worship.
Handel's famous oratorio, "The Mes
siah," will be sung to-morrow evening
at the First Congregational Church by.
a chorus choir of eighty Tolces, under
the direction cf Alexander Stewart.
The service will begin at 7. o'clock, ow
ing: to the length of the oratorio,
which consumes much more time than
an ordinary Sunday evening service.
Iu "the morning: special Christmas
music will be rendered by the choir
and a Christmas sermon will be
preached by the ReV. Charles R.
Brown.
Robert Lloyd, the director of the
First Presbyterian Church choir, has
arranged special music, which will be
sung by a solo quartet, composed of
Mrs. A. T. Fletcher, Mrs. John Mad
den, Miss Mabel Gordon and Mrs.
Robert Lloyd, and an agumented
chorus choir. Following is the pro
gramme of the Christmas musical ser
vice:
Morning — Organ prelude, "Noel"
(Dudley Buck); anthem, "Sing, Oh
Heavens" (Lowe); barytone solo,
"Noel" (Adam); soprano solo, "Night
Seng of Bethlehem" (Nevin) ; offer
tory, recitative, female voices, "Star
of Glory" (Brown); alto solo, "Christ
mas" (Shelley); anthem, male quartet
and alto solo, "The Holy Babe"
(Batchelder); postlude, •'Finale"
(Lemmens).
Evening — Organ prelude, "Military
March" (Schubert) ; "Pastorale"
(John Vt. Metcalf), and "Pilgrims'
Chorus." The choir will render: An
them, "Birthday of a King" (Neid
linger); tenor solo, "The Glorious
Morn" (Neidlinger) ; quartet, "Ring
Out, Wild Bells" (Lahoe); offertory
and bass solo, '"Hark! What mean?"
(Lowe); anthem, "It Came Upon the
Midnight" (Gilchrjst) ; organ post
lude, "Toccata."
SUNDAY SCHOOL SERVICES.
The Sunday school will have special
Christmas services at 9:45 a. m. The
Christmas story will be given to the
school by Mrs.* Charles Woodbury.
Special Christmas music will be sung
at the Union-street Presbyterian
Church by the following choir: Mrs.
M. M. Brown, Mrs. J. W. Aldrich, Mrs.
J. E. Whitehead f Miss M- Sampson,
Miss C. Peipenburg, Mr. M. M. Brown,
Mr. J. E. Whitehead, Miss H. L. Cham
berlain, Miss Eva Williams, Miss Es
telle Matheson, Miss L. Howland, Miss
M. Harris, Mr. I. S. MacCurdy, Mr. C.
Bumstrager. George Pollett, organist;
W. J. Oaes, choir director. •
Fifty voices will Join in the Christ
mas music at the First Baptist Church,
which will be sung under the direction
of Percy A. R. Dow. Following is the
programme for the morning and even
ing services:
11 a. m. — Prelude, minuetto in G
minor (Tours); "Glory to God in the
Highest," solo, quartet and chorus
(Pergolesl); "Star of the Orient," Mrs.
Best and quartet (Shelley); anthem,
"Peace on Earth," choir; "The Glori
ous Morn," Mrs. Warner and chorus
(Niedllnger) ; postlude in F minor
(Petrali).
7:30 p. m. — "The Righteous Branch."
the great Advent cantata, by Clough
Letter, will be rendered by the full
chorus. Solo parts— Mrs. Margaret
Best, soprano; Mrs. J. J. Warner, con
tralto; Mr. Scott Kent and, Mr. Norman
Pendleton, tenors; Mr. Reginald "'Mar
rack, barytone, assisted by Miss Hlb
berd and Mr. Leiter. "Noel" (offertory
with cello obligato), (Adam), by Mrs.
Best.
Holy communion will be celebrated at
St. Paul's Church at 8 a. m. by the
Rev. C. T. Walkley, and will be fol
lowed at 10:30 with special Christmas
music. The programme follows:'
Morning services at . 10:30 o'clock;
Prelude: "Passacaglia" from, "Sonata"
in E minor, .Rheinberger; processional:
"Adeste Fidelis," Reading; "Venite,"
Turle; "Gloria Patri," ( Turle; "Te
Deum," Oliver King; "Jubilate," Oliver
King; lntrolt, "While Shepherds
Watched Their Flocks by Night," Tan
sur; "Kyrie," Mendelssohn; "Gloria Ti
bl," Fickenscher; hymn, "Harki the
Herald Angels Sing," Mendelssohn;
offertory, "Star of the Orient" (Harry
Rowe Shelley), Lowell Redfleld; "Sane
tus," Gounod; communion hymn, "Ag
nus Del," Tours; "Gloria in Excel
sis," Old Chant; recessional, "Angels
from the Realms of Glory," Smart;
postlude, "Triumphal March'.' from
fifth symphony, Beethoven.
Evening services at 6 o'clock will be
a carol service for the children, led by
the vested choir. ~^^;^V-^
FIRST CHRISTIAN CHURCH.
A special musical programme" In
honor of Tuletide will be presented at
the First Christian Church by the fol
lowing choir:
Sopranos— Miss Wanzetta Fuller
(soloist), Mrs. J. N. Hubbard. Miss
Nellie V. Philbrick, Miss Georgie Lam
bert, Miss Mina Philbrick, Miss Maudie
A. Henderson, Miss ' Mamie « L. Phil
brick, Mrs. Frank Nebeker, Miss Mabel
Pelton, Miss Clara Lane.
Altos— Mrs. Blanche E. Young
(soloist), Miss Elsie Blodgett, Miss S.
Bertha Smith, Mrs. T.B. Ray, Mrs.
Holcomb, Mrsr P. "A. Neilsen, Miss
Nelly Bly-Jones, Miss ' Alice Woodj'
Miss Alberta. Murdock, Miss Jennie
Janes.
Tenors— Dr. O. S. Dean, J. J. Wil
liams, F. W. Locke. C. E. Lloyd, J. N.
Hubbard. - .
Bassos— W. F. Keene (soloist) , A.
INSTALLATION
OF OFFICERS OF
LIVE OAK LODGE
OAKLAND, Dec. 24. — Live Oak
Lodge No. 61, Free and Accepted Ma
sons, held an installation and banquet
in Masonic Temple last night. The
following were inducted into office: W.
M., C. F. Gulick; S..W., W. S. Smith;
J. W., A. P. Leach; T., J. A. Park;
secretary, J. J. Warner; C, G. D.
Reynolds; M..-M. M. Hoffman; S. D.,
A. C. Jackson; J. D., H. V. Blasdel;
St., C. H. Wood and A. F. Shulte; Ty..
O. K. Stampley.
F. K. Mott officiated as installing of
ficer and A. B. Webster as master of
ceremonies. Addresses were made dur
ing the evening by C. F. Gulick, E. H.
Hart. C. R. Brown, Thomas A. Bower
and George W. Sweeney.
M. Smith, Clifton A. Wood, George G.
Peterson, Will H. Brown.
Organist — Will Carruth. Violinist —
Miss Alice Guthrie. Director — Dr. O.
S. Dean.
Christmas will be celebrated at St.
Mary's Church of the Immaculate
Conception with solemn high mass at
10:30 a. m. The mass will be cele
brated by the Rev. Father Clifford,
assisted by the Rev. F. X. Morrison
as deacon and the Rev. Father B^ll as
sub-deacon. Christmas music will be
rendered by a specially augmented
chorus choir under the direction of
Adolph Gregory.
CHRISTMAS DAY* IN BERKELEY.
Pastors and People Prepare for Cele
brating Great Anniversary.
BERKELEY, Dec. 24. — Special ser
vices appropriate to the Christmas
season will be held to-morrow in
nearly all churches of Berkeley. Rev.
C. K. Jenness of the Trinity Methodist
Episcopal Church will preach on the
subject of "The Value of Affection
ate Living." Special Christmas music
will be sung by the choir. The fol
lowing prominent Methodist ministers
and officials of church, whose
homes are in Berkeley though their
work is done elsewhere, have consent
ed to make brief addresses at the
evening service: Dr. W. S. Mathews,
presiding elder San Francisco district;
Dr. F. D. Bovard, editor California
Christian Advocate; Rev. E. D. Mc-
Creary, presiding elder Sacramento
district; Dr. G. B. Smyth, missionary
secretary, and Dr. Johnson, superin
tendent of Chinese work.
Rev. E. W. Darst of the Christian
churah will preach ih the morning on
"God's Christmas Gift." A boys' choir
will sing at both of the day's services.
Special services will be held In the
Congregational church. Carols will
be sung from the tower room of the
church at 7:15 o'clock a. m. Presi
dent J. K. McLean of the Pacific The
ological Seminary will preach in the
morning on "The Great Day That Is
and'ls to Be." The; choir will render
special Christmas music.
Under the direction of Miss Wellen
dorff a special musical programme
will be rendered at the Unitarian
church.
The First Presbyterian Church Is to
have an elaborate musical programme
at both morning and evning services,
with ; several* soloists added to the
choir. .
St. Mark's Episcopal Church will
have an elaborate programme of ser
vice and song, beginning at 6 o'clock
in the morning, when holy commun
ion will be celebrated.
ALAMEDA YULETIDE SERVICES.
Special Music to Be Given In Churclrcs
of Island City.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 24. — Christmas
day will be observed In the local
churches in a manner befitting the
greatest anniversary in the calendar
of Christendom. There will be spe
cial music and the themes of the
preachers will be drawn from the
birth of the Christ. At the First
Methodist Church the music morning
and evening will be rendered by the
following choir and a chorus, of twen
ty-four voices: Soprano, Miss Goldie
M. White; tenor, Arthur Gale; alto.
Miss. Mabel V. . MacNab; bass, Gus
Olsen; organist, Miss Elizabeth Simp
son; director, Miss Mabel Hill. v
Services will be held by the mem
bers of the First -Congregational
Church in the auditorium of the new
edifice. The music will be given under
the direction of Ernest McCandlish.
The services at the First Presby
terian Church will be held In the
morning at the , usual hour. In the
evening: there will be an entertain
ment by the Sunday-school children.
Five masses will be said to-morrow
at St. Joseph's Church.
Judged by Effect.
Senator ' Blackburn of Kentucky
tells of how he once accompanied a
joint committee of the Louisiana Leg
islature which visited a 1 State penal
institution. ■ One member of the com
mittee was a rising young lawyer from
New Orleans, who talked for a few
minutes with one of the colored con
victs. "You appear to know > Mr.
Blank," said ■ another commi tteema n .
."Yes, :, sir," said the ' negro, "he's de
gentleman', dat sent me heah." "Is
that so? I never knew that he. ; had
been a prosecuting attorney." - "Dun
no 'bout" dat, sah," said' the darky,
grinning,- "but- he was my lawyer."—
Exchange '- . " '
SAVANTS FIND
WORM SECRETS
Scientists at University An
nounce the Eesults of
Curious. Investigations
TWO BULLETINS ISSUED
Professor Kofoid Directs the
Examination Under Mi
croscope of Tiny Crawlers
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
•2148 Center Street. Dec. 24.
Bulletins of unusual importance and
interest to the scientific world were
issifed to-day by the University of Cal
ifornia, one being the work of Pro
fessor John F. Bovard. who worked
with Professor C. A. Kofoid In solving
the problem of the distribution of the
sense organs" in microscolex, or the
California earth worm, and the other
an elaborate treatise by Harry Beal
Torriey upon the hydroids of the San
Diego region.
*" The interesting method by which
the worms were prepared for examin
ation <s described by Professor Bo
vard. The worms were allowed to
swim about awhile water to free
them from grit and dirt, and were
then killed by allowing alcohol to
drip into the dish at the rate of 60
drops a minute. Thus the worms
were stupefied. After being hardened
they were preserved In alcohol. The
cuticle was then removed and
mounted. The plan was to count all
the sense organs in the entire cuticle
and to plat these so that their dis
tribution in any part might be seen
at a glance. A high magnification
was necessary.
The work was carried on in the
zoological laboratory of the Univer
sity of California under the guidance
of Professor Kofoid. Professor Bo
vard says: "The total number of
sense organs in a single lumbricus was
approximated by Miss Langdon ('95)
at 150.000. while for a microscolex of
103 segments only 14,787 were found.
Thus microscolex, with approximately
one-fourth the surface of lumbricus,
has only, one-tenth as many sense
organs.
"The distribution of the sense organs
suggests that the surface of the worm
is not equally sensitive in. all parts.
Experiments to determine the sensi
tiveness were made, with alcohol and
acids as Irritants, sugar and quinine as
taste stimulants. A fine capillary
pipette was used for applying alcoholic
solutions of 1 per cent and less, so
that a small quantity could be applied
to a small area. The time betweten
the application and some direct mani
festation of irritation was recorded by
a stop watch. The records show that
the anterior end is more sensitive than
the posterior, and the posterior more
than the middle' part. Solutions of
quinine of one-thousandth of 1 per
cent and even less gave the same re
sults as the alcohol. The fact that the
animals reacted to the quinine may
indicate that the sense organs have
some gustatory function. This might
be ' expected, for the difference in
structure between' sense organs on the
outside of the body and those of the
pharynx is very slight. The sense or
gans of the pharynx are lower and a
great deal broader than the others.
The results of the last set of experi
ments are of importance because they
show that the degree of sensitiveness
inferred front the differences in time
reactions of a given region is corre
lated with the number of sense or
gans found therein. The ratio of the
number of organs in the anterior end
to those of the posterior is 3 : 2, while
the ratio of time reactions is approxi
mately A : 7. Thus the ratio of the
numbers of sense organs in t»wo given
areas is approximately inversely pro
portional to that of the time . re
actions."
Harry Beal Torrey's paper deals
exhaustively .-with the hydroids or sea
plants of the San Diego region, his
Investigation having been made at the
laboratory of the Marine Biological
Association. San Diego. His work is
concerned with a. minute description
and analysis of the local" hydroids at
San Diego, of which there are forty
two knov.-n species, eight being new.
and all being represented in the col
lections of the University of California
or of the Marine Biological Associa
tion at San Diego. Accompanying
tables in the bulletin show, the recog
nized distribution of the hydroids.
Follows Father to Grave.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 24. — Cold con
tracted while attending the funeral of
his father, the late, James Payne
Smith, caused the death this morning
of Joseph Beckington Smith, a news
paper writer, who passed away fr^om
pneumonia at 1621 Oak street. The,
deceased was a native of England, a
widower and 69 years old. He is sur
vived by six children, Joseph B.
Smith Jr.. Thomas Smith. Mrs. Carrie
Wagner, Mrs. Florence Evans, Mrs.
Fred Kleupfer and Mrs. Peter Nelson*.
These May Teach.
OAKLAND, Dec. 24.— The County
Board of Education announced this
afternoon the names of those success
ful in. passing the recent examination
for teachers. Out of fourteen appli
cants the following eleven passed:
Edith L. Martin, Bessie Errett, Aaron
Turner, Blanche Collier, Mary E. Mc-
Glashan, Bertha Wiley. Agne| Wiley,
Elizabeth A. Powers, Augusta H. King,
Francis J. Gleason and Frederica
Ketjen.
Dr.- S. II. Buteau Wins.
. OAKLAND, Dec. 24.— W. S. O'Brien
lost his suit' to recover damages from
Dr. S. ' H. Buteau for injuries alleged
{o have -been sustained in a collision
between the buggies of the parties to
the-' action: Judge W. S. Geary to-day
held ! that ; the defendant was not re
sponsible for the smash-up. - "' :■
If you are Invited to a party, attend,
or give a mighty .good excuse, unless
you can stand being- roasted.
TH UGS WORK
WITH IMPUNITY
Alameda Visited by Gang
of Thieves Who Commit
Many Bold Criminal Acts
HIGHWAYMEN OPERATE
G. F. Sehloetelborg Loses
Cash, and Residences Are
Broken Into by Burglars
ALAMEDA, Dec. 24.— With two re
volvers at his head, G. F. Sehloetel
borg. a shipping clerk, who lives at the
Hotel Savoy in San Francisco, was
compelled to stand with his hands In
the air this evening "while two masked
highwaymen relieved him of $10 In
cash.
Sehloetelborg was on his way to
visit W. F. D. Donandt, who lives at
2067 San Jose avenue, and had Just left
the train at the Chestnut street sta
tion. He had reached a point on San
Jose avenue between Chestnut and
Willow streets, when he was confront
ed by the two masked men each armed
with a biff revolver. While one of the
footpads kept the victim covered the
other stepped behind him and pinned
his arms, after which the first man
went through his pockets. The hold
up men took $10 from his overcoat
pocket, but before they could search
him further they were frightened off
by an approaching pedestrian. They
made their escape before an alarm
could be given. The matter was re
ported to the police.
During the absence of the family the
residence of Mrs. Isabella Scott, 2318
Santa Clara avenue, was entered this
afternoon by burglars, who stole $10 40
and a lady's watch.
Burglars entered the residence of H.
L. Zimmerman, 2517 Santa Clara ave
nue, this afternoon while the family
were awav and ransacked the house,
stealing $90 In cash.
SISTER MAKES
GRAVE CHARGE
Fresno Woman Says. Home
of Eelative in Berkeley Is
Unfit for Her Young Son
POLICE INVESTIGATE
Youth Found at Bequest of
Mother Promptly Eeturned
to His Home in the South
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Dec. 24.
A frantic appeal from Mrs. Annie
Hutcheson of Fresno for the return
from Berkeley of her 14-year-old son,
"Johnnie," came to Marshal Kerns
this morning. The youth is alleged to
have been enticed away from his home
by Mrs. Hutcheson's sister.
Deputy Marshal Carey was detailed
on the case and discovered the youth
at 1721 Ninth street. The lad was
taken in custody and returned to his
mother at Fresno. Her letter to the
Marshal was as follows:
FRESNO, Cal., Dec. 22, 1904.
"City Marshal, West Berkeley, Cal.
Dear Sir: "Will you please have
your deputy go to 1721 Ninth street
and see my son. I want him to come
home to me. I don't think he is get
ting my letters, as my sister enticed
him to run away and "she wants to
keep him. He is 14 years of age
the first of next month and I don't
think it's a fit place for him to be. I
have tried four letters to get him
home, but cannot get one Word from
him. We start for home the first of
the year, and If he wants to come, God
only knows how I want him. I am
his mother and I am worrying over
him every night. You can see my
son Johnnie and God will bless you
for it. It Is the prayer of his broken
hearted mother. His fare Is ready
for him if you let me know.
"MRS. ANNIE HUTCHESON."
PIAXO TUNER'S DISCORDS
LEAD TO DIVORCE SUIT
Mrs. Charlotte A. Robinson Says Hus
band's Cruelties Arc Due to His
Unquenchable Thirst.
OAKLAND, Dec. 24. — Notwith
standing that harmony is his stock in
trade, Peter J. Robinson makes noth
ing but discord at his home, according
to a complaint In a suit begun to-day
by Mrs. Charlotte A. Robinson. She
wants a divorce on the ground of his
cruelty. They have six children, of
whom she asks the custody. Robinson
is a piano tuner, but Is afflicted with
such an unquenchable thirst that Mrs.
Robinson says he drinks up more than
he can earn and then abuse.* her, and
she-has to support the family by giv
ing music lessons.
A final decree of divorce was
granted J. Frank Hose this morning
from Carrie M. Hose. The decree was
entered at the request of Mrs. Hose,
although the husband obtained the
decree. While able to win husbands.
Mrs. Hose has^ not been so fortunate
in keeping them, and has now been
divorced from three. She was once
Mrs. Ferguson, ' later Mrs. Sylvester
and then Mrs. Hose.
Militia Men Will Dance.
OAKLAND, Dec. 24.^-Company F,
Fifth Infantry, California National
Guard, will give its twenty-eighth
anniversary • ball ori New Year's eve
in Armory, Hall. 419 Twelfth street.
Full military dress will be worn and
the decorations will be In . keeping
with. the military character of the oc
casion. . - i
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
1016 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
21 48 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
ASK THIEF'S
EXTRADITION
Local Authorities Taking
Steps to Get F. J. Simmons
Brought to Far of Justice
PAPERS ARE PREPARED
Captain J. W. Petersen Will
Request Governor to Hare
the Criminal Returned
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Dec 24.
A request will be made to Governor
Pardee Tuesday morning by Captain
W. J. Petersen of the local polics
force for extradition papers directed
to the Governor of Missouri for Fred
J. Simmons, now In the custody of
Chief of Police Matthew Klely of St.
Louis. The necessary papers wer«
drawn up to-day by District Attornay
Allen and will be presented by Cap
tain Petersen. Petersen ■will go to
St. Louis after Simmons, who is want
ed here on a charge of grand larceny.
While an inmate of the house of
W. Grondona at Twelfth and Wood
streets last March Simmons, taking
advantage of the trust placed in him.
ran away with $1004 Grondona had In
a trunk. This was a fund contributed
by the scavengers to fight the Pacific
Incinerating Company.
Grondona made the amount Rood to
the men who had intrusted the money
to hi* care. Simmons could not be
found and the Incident was almost
forgotten until word came a few days
ago that Simmons had been arrested
at St. Louis and had confessed to
stealing 1 the money from Grondona.
REAL. ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Alameda County.
FR1DAX, DECEMBER 23.
■William Ozston (single) to W. P. Ellis
(sicgrle) lot 1. block B. Oakland View Home
stead map dedicating lands on \V line of Oak
land avenue for highway, etc.. Oakland; $1O.
L. W. Blake to Uretchen Herby. lot on W
line of Chestnut street, ltSS:;c S of Twenty
first. B 25 by W 127. lot 14. block A. Adeline
street property, resubdivlsloo A and B. North
ern Addition. Oakland: also lot on N line of
A street. 54 W of Ettle, W 27 by N 100.
being W 4 feet of subdivision B and K. Zi
feet of subdivision C. lot 12. block 705. Watts
Tract, Oakland, quitclaim deed; 910.
Same to Mathlas Peterson, let on NE cor
ner of A and Ettie streets. E 100 by N SI,
portion subdivisions G, H. I and J of lot 1.
block 784, Watts Tract, map No. 2. Oakland,
quitclaim deed; $10.
J. W. and Alice J. Crider (wife) to E. E.
Laymance, lot on NW line of Eleventh avenue.
W NE of East Sixteenth street, NE 80 by
NW 10O, block 87. Clinton. East Oakland; HO.
The Realty Syndicate to Rebecca G. Haxea
(widow), lot on NE line of Sunnystde avenus.
1M.6O SE of Lake avenue, etc. SE 40. MS
110.40. NW 39.73. SW 127.04. portion lots 11
and 12. block B. Sather Tract. Oakland Town
ship; $10.
Max W. Koen!g to John William Oeorys
Norris. lot on S line of Brockhurst street,
1M:9 W of West. W 23 by S 100. portion lot
22. College View Tract, part plat 10. Rancho
V. and 1>. Peralta. Oakland; $10.
Charles F- and Helen S. Whitton t» Herbert
B. Whitton. lot on S line of Hawthorn* ave
nue. 372.65 W of Webster street, etc.. 3
110.34, E SO, N 125, W GO, to beglnnta*. Oak
land; $2200.
Sarah T. Leavell (wife of Erasmus T.) t»
Sarah C. Pond (wife of E. B). Nora T. Mc-
Neil (single), Lewto F. Leavell (married).
James R. Leavell (single) (>4 each), rerecord
S02 D. 227 lot on S line of Thirty-fourth or
Brown street. 256 E of West. S 100. E 30.
N 130, W 50. S 30. lot 8. block E. map prop
erty Central Land Company, etc.. and personal
jioperty, Oakland; gift.
J. R. Leave!! to Lewis E. Leavell. Qndlvlded
'i same Oakland, deed given to correct error
in description 874 r>. 274; $5.
Bertha M. Grlsmore (Delafleld) to Anastasi*
"VV. Gadsby. lot on E line of Twenty-third
avenue. CS N of East Twenty-second, E 100
by N 29. lot 8. block H, I .at ham Terrace,
East Oakland; rift.
Margaret J. Leonard (widow) to Vlneonio
Bocca, lot on S line of Thirtieth (Campbell)
•treet. 337:10 E of Pan Pablo aTenne E 25
by S 140 portion lot 4. block B. map Whltcber
and Brockhum Tracts. Oakland; »IO.
Flora E. and I* T. Bowers (husband) t»
Ella Button Brown lot on ME corner of Par
ker and Ellsworth streets, N 44:10 by B ©O.
portion Qf lot 19, block B, Leonard Tract.
Berkeley; $10.
Kata J. and Henry Stlrrlnc (husband) t»
George M. Parkinson, lot en N llna of BUk*
■treet. 181.62 W of Shattuck avenue. W 80 by
N 129. C5. portion of plat «S. KeUer»berrer"«
map of Ranchos V. and D. Peralta, Berkeley;
110.
California Home Buildin* Loan Company
(corporation) to Lyman Allen, lot on 3 ltn* of
Franclnco street, 31 E of McGee avenua (Ham
llton street). E 31 by S 135 portion of Idt 5.
block 3. State TTnlTerslty Homestead Associa
tion 4. deed to correct error 800 D. -419. Berke-
Kllen S. Moras (widow) to Homestead Loan
Association of Berkeley, lot en W line of
Khattuck avenue, 166 N of Bancroft way (as
said street and avenue now exist). W 100 by
S CO portion of plat Gi. Kellersberirer'i map of
Ranchos V. and D. Peralta. Berkeley; $10.
Issue Holiday Editions.
OAKLAND, Dec. 24. — Forly-elght
solid pages of advertising, descriptive
matter concerning Alameda County
and news made up the special edition
of the Oakland Tribune issued to-day.
The Alameda Argus also came out
to-day with an elaborate number in
honor of its twenty-eighth anniver
sary. T. G. Daniell3. who wrote the
first editorial In the paper, al3o
penned the editorial column In the
number published to-day.
| COOK BOOKS. " |
S Owing to the unusual demand »
J* on tlie part of our subscribers 2
S for THE CALL'S Premium Cool* S
* Book It h;ts been necessary to *
O order an additional simply. » i
8 TKese books are expected about «
» the 15th Inst., on and after O
g which <late they will be at the O
X disposal of our patron* at tlie S
g very low price of S0c. g
•« To subscribers receiving their S
O paper b'y mail there will be an «
Q additional charge of 23c to prc- «
8 pay ex prcs.su ce. We also have « i
g on hand a few copies of **WUd 8 j
g Animal* I Have Met," thor- S |
2 oirghly descriptive of the whole * .
» animal kingdom, on the same 2%
o terms. Order now, as our sup- 6
g ply is limited. «LUGGAGE SAFE
IN OLD LONDON
Judge Decides That Board
ing-House Keepers Can
not Hold Guests' Trunks
DAMAGES FOE A3TERICAN
Court Says Baggage of De
faulting Patron Is Safe
From Grip of Landlords
IXECDOI?. Deo. IL— Not a few Amer
ican tuuxlsla trtio Lave found them
teSves stranded have had their bag
•*©» seised by boanlir»e-hause keepers
beo&aa© they ccralO. not pay their bills,
anfl bar* «annrfuHr returned home,
lesTt&c: their traskm, as llttls Bo- Peep's
m£kc«9 £ld their tails, behind them. But
trader a. raoeat decision of Judge Wood
iaa da tnang-Axiantlo visitor who
flndi Ttt;iTfielf t«=:porarilr short of the
*1n>rwitlial will no longer be under
tha painful naoeasity of leaving: his
tacraya In the hands of the stony
hearted boardtef-faouse mistress who
refuses to accept his assurance that he
TO send her a check as soon as he
reaches New Tork. "With his unre
oeipted bill In his pocket, and his bag
sz£t> p!led on top of a cab. in the
Kng'irti fashion, he m&y depart emll
lne- Per Juds« has explicit
ly laid it down that a boarding-house
k*ep«r has no authority to detain the
personal effects cf a boarder who fails
to settle his bilL
It was against a Bloomsbury board
ing-house proprietor that this interest-
Ing decision was obtained. Bloomsbury
is the district In which most American
visitors congregate. For their express
accommodation most of the houses
have been transformed into boardlng
hooses conducted on the American
plan, all the guests taking their meals
together. The English system is that
of the lodging-house In which patrons
rent furnished apartments and do their
own catering, or make some arrange
ment with tha landlady by which meals
are served to them in their own rooms.
As a concession to the prejudices of
enobbery the boarder is usually termed
a "paying guest."
In the case In Question a Blooms
bury boarding-house keeper, acting In
accordance with custom and precedent,
seized the luggage of one of her guests
who owed her $42. But this particular
guest had done what apparently no
ether person similarly situated had
done before — he had looked up the law
on the subject. He brought suit for
$250 damages for unlawful detention
of his personal effects. He was award
ed only $25, but the important thing
was that he knocked out what had
heretofore b^en supposed to be the in
disputable right of boarding-house
proprietors to levy on their guests' ef
fects when board bills are not paid.
Incidentally It was brought out that
the English law, which is muqh given
to hair-splitting, recognizes a fine dis
tinction between' a 'lodging-house "and
r boarding-house. Under the act -of
1S63 an {nn-keeper may detain the goods
of a guest who fails to settle his bill.
The same right is accorded the lodg
ing-house keeper. But the act takes
no cognizance of the boarding-house
keeper, and according to Judge Wood
fall he or she in the matter of col
lecting bills cannot claim the privileges
of cither the Inn-keeper or the lodging
house keeper, and has no right to im
pound the baggrage of a defaulting
patron. The "paying guest" can be
made to pay only by means of a sum
mons or suit. The decision has caused
great consternation in Bloomsbury,
and there Is talk cf appealing for a
epecial act of Parliament, or turning
all the boarding-houses into lodging
houses.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Scaly
scalps
Nine people out of every
ten have trouble with their
heads. Many of them
suffer from a species of
eczema, which forms a dry
scale upon the skin of
the scalp, popularly known
as dandruff.
If this condition be
neglected the hair follicle
loses all its vitality, the
hair becomes brittle and
falls out and baldness is
the inevitable result.
Coke Dandruff Cure has
proved to be the only
reliable cure fnr this
annoying condition. It
positively removes, with
on$ or two applications,
every trace of dandruff.
Faithfully used it will cure
every diseased condition of
the scalp (except
.constitutional biood
disorders), will
produce a luxuriant, glossy
growth of hair after all
other remedies have failed.
This is a strong
statement and one which
we would not dare to make
if we were not in
possession of thousands of
grateful letters from people
in every walk of life, who
have proved, to their
intense gratification, the
wonderful powers of
Coke Dandruff Care.
If you are annoyed with
any scalp trouble
whatsoever, get a bottle
to-day. Your druggist
will tell you the same story
of uninterrupted triumph.
Coke Dandruff Cure
contains absolutely . nothing
of an injurious nature
and inay.be used on the
heads of the most delicate.
Coke Dandruff
Cure
Ask your druggist.-
TOBACCO TRUST
BEGINS A WAR
Is Opening Stores in City
to Fight Local Dealers
Who Have Become Defiant
KEW PRICES THE CAUSE
American Company Said to
Have Imposed Conditions
That Are Unreasonable
The smoke of battle envelops the to
bacco dealers of the city these days.
The wholesale jobbers have leagued to
fight the trust, known as the Ameri
can Tobacco Company, and the trust
In turn has declared war to the knife
on the local dealers. It Is planning to
open retail stores about the city, In the
expectation of corraling the trade. The
"un-American" Tobacco Company must
cuff this end of the continent from its
trade, the band of jobbing houses an
nounces. The San Francisco whole
salers must buy their goods from the
trust or be whiffed out of existence,
declares the trust savagely. With Its
control of all the popular brands it be
lieves that it can easily humiliate the
rebellious spirits.
The Jobbing houses of Seattle, Port
land, Sacramento and Los Angeles
have joined issue with the San Fran
cisco merchants, but it Is In this city
that preparations are going forward to
wage the fiercest war.
The trouble began over an announce
ment of new quotations for plug to
baccos by the American Company. The
dealers say that the' conditions Im
posed were outrageous. The wires to
the East sagged with their burden of
protests from ' the firms. The trust
was abrupt in its reply. When the
dealers showed indignation, the great
corporation became haughty. And
when the jobbers sent a joint tele
gram denouncing the position of the
trust as arbitrary, unjust and coer
cive, the trust in effect told them to
draw long on their pipes and dream
a bit of what it meant to defy its
power.
"Our capital, 'our selling staffs and
our distributive power iq subject solely
to our own dictation," came the hot
declaration of Independence from the
Jobbers.
BOYCOTT THE TRUST.
Immediately It was resolved . by the
dealers to cease handling any of the
products of the American Tobacco
Company, not alone the plug tobaccos,
but cigars and cigarettes as well.
Every effort should be made, it was
unanimously agreed, to encourage the
sale of the goods manufactured by the
existing independent monufacturers
and to aid the starting of- new fac
tories. It was directed that steps be
taken to advertise this resolution
throughout the country.
The methods of the trust were
drastic. It adopted the course calcu
lated to humble. £he Jobbers with the
most dispatch. Agents were sent to
San Francisco and opening of stands
about the city has been started in
which the American Company will
supply its goods direct to the con
sumer. The ownership of the store is
presumably sold, subject to contract
as to what brands of tobaccos, cig
arettes and cigars shall be handled.
A large majority of the retail stores
are owned by the Jobbers and the at
tack of the trust falls directly upon
them, both In wholesale and retail
business. But the Jobbers are yet un
dismayed, for they feel assured that
they cannot be so easily swept out of
the market. The leases for stands in
good locations are not to be had very
readily in buny San Francisco now
adays and possession of most of them
for some time to come Is regarded as
nine points in the fight
WAR WAXES 3iERRIIiY.
Both Eldes are working ener
getically. The trust has secured a few
excellent locations for retail stores al
ready, but they have been blocked in
many instances.
.It was early In the present month
that the new Quotations on certain
plug tobaccos arrived and started the
trouble. The most Important of the
brands Involved were Star. Horse
Shoe, Drummond's Natural Leaf,
Piper-Heldsick, Spear Head, Granger
Twist and J. T. On these the trade
discount of 7 per cent was withdrawn,
and In Ueu of this rebates of 2 or 3
cents a pound were to be allowed, sub
ject to a condition as to the. quantity
that should be taken every half year.
It Is the binding themselves to pur
chase a stated quantity through the
half year that the Jobbers objected to
particularly. If the wholesalers could
handle the goods on this basis there
would virtually be no increase In
prices of the pood*. But the danger
of being left long on the stocks that
the trust sars must be contracted for
six months ahead would' always be
Imminent, declare the Jobbers, and
profits might easily be consumed in
the overstocking.
The Jobbers had long been In utmost
harmony with the trust and inde
pendent manufacturers have had far
from clear sailing from them. But
now has come the falling out and San
Francisco Is to be treated to a lively
war of smoke.
GROWERS ARE OPPOSED
TO SWEET WIXE TAX BILL
SANTA ROSA, Dec. 24. — At a meet-
Ing of the wine growers held here to
day resolutions against the proposed
sweet wine tax were 'j adopted and for
warded to Washington, together with
a request that the representatives of
this State oppose the measure to the
last. It was pointed out that distress
and ruin to those engaged In -the In
dustry would follow Its passage. " . : .
Stranger Drops Dead at Andersoon.
REDDING. Dec. 24. — A man whose
Identity cannot be ' established fell
dead ihls morning at Anderson as he
was carrying 1 water In payment for his
breakfast. : He rode Into Anderson
Friday night on a freight train and
spent the remainder of the night In a
box car. When he got up this morn-
Ing he arranged with some Chinese to
receive his breakfast for carrying wa
ter for them. Death was due to heart
failure. The deceased was six feet In
height, of sandy complexion and about
SS years of age.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 2o, 1904.
. ADVERTISiaJEyTS.
SpecSd AnnouncemenL
P Our niS^OO^QQO
n '
ra ■ a>
J GreaL |= 5tocK
Al^IlIIctl TAILOR SUITS
\ JACKETS
Clearance SK1RT^ pNG COAT^
1 | f CHILD'S CO ATS
i tto^CoSvooi WAlolo
| .^ y/f[\ Be Closed Out at*
\ Will Commence -^
25c, 35c and 50c
I .- Watch for our Tuesday
y T|o r O7 morning advertisement*
y a^cw. &L q^ you i, e surprised.
4 9:30a.lTl. 1230-1232-1234 MarKct SL
TREMENDOUS SLAUGHTER OF PRICES
IN READY MADE GARMENTS
I' Suits, Jackets, Skirts, Capes and Waists Sacrificed
All Garments Much \/ '■ ■ni,i~~
Less Than .■ . | . . T^rriCe ;
See Our Windows -« •-^ Vj * a^
Look Out : for Our Advertisement-
I in Tuesday's "Call" .'. .'. /. iv
Sale Begins Tuesday Morning at 9:30
' 1142-1146 Market Street
DR. A. McMAHON
DIES SUDDENLY
AT SAN JOSE
SAN JOSE, Dec. 24.— Dr. A. McMa
hon, one of the best known physicians
in the State, died suddenly from heart
disease this morning. He had prac
ticed medicine in this city nearly thirty
years. Deceased was born in Lexing
ton, Ky., December 3, 1832. He gradu
ated from the Lexington University
with an A. M. degree in 1S51 and from
the Ohio Medical College at Cincinnati
in 1855. Mr. McMahon at once began
practice in Cincinnati, but at the out
break of the 'Civil' War in 1861 he went
to Washington and passed the exami
nation for surgeon of the United State3
Volunteers. He served all through the
war, having charge of many of the hos
pitals, and accompanied Sherman on
his famous march from Atlanta to the
sea. He then took charge of the gen
eral hospital at New Orleans. and was
given the rank of colonel. After the
war Dr. McMahon resumed practice at
Pittsburg. and later accepted the chair
of clinical surgery in the Ohio Medical
College. He was also a professor in the
Miami College. In 1869 he came to Cal
ifornia, locating at Marysville, where
he remained until 1875, ' .when he re
moved to San Jose. He served this
county as County Physician and was
Coroner for two years In the , early
eighties. In 1900 he was appointed a
director of ■ the Yountville Soldiers'
Home, which office he held up to the
time of his death. -rh.- V
J Dr. McMahon belonged to the. G." A.
R. and affiliated societies, Workmen
and National Legion of Honor. Six
children' survive- him, Mrs. M. Flnne
gan, Mrs. R. Johnson," Mrs. J.' McMa
hon, Dr.- John McMahon, Dr. ■ Frank
McMahon and A. McMahon.
A few months ago Dr. McMahon was
made the defendant in a $15,000 breach
of promise suit by Miss Anna Fox, who
alleged that the doctor had failed to
keep his promise to marry.
VETERAN OP CIVIL AVAR
IS BURIED AT SAN JOSE
Enjoyed Distinction of Being One of
the Youngest 'Men to Answer '
the . Call to Arms.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 24.— Daniel S.
Cornwall, a G. A. R. veteran buried
here to-day, was one of the youngest
men to enlist during the Civil War.
He was a native of Detroit, Mich.
When 14 years of a^e he ran away
from his home and enlisted in the
Twentieth Michigan Regiment. He
serve 1 as color bearer through most of
the war, and to-day was buried in the
battle-torn flag he had carried In the
fighting. Cornwall enjoyed the dis
tinction of having held up General
•Grant at Vicksburg while the latter
was making the rounds of the out
posts. Grant did not know the coun
tersign and Cornwall halted him and
made him dismount. When the sol
dier saw who it was he allowed the
general to proceed.
Elderly Man Wln9 a Young Bride.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 24.— John A.
Wood, 70 years of age, to-day ob
tained a marriage license to wed Miss
Lydia Mae Trip, of Palo Alto, aged
28 years. The groom is a native of
Pittsburg, Pn., and came to this coast
to claim his bride. When asked by
the clerk if there was any legal ob
jection to the marriage Wood replied:
"None whatever; most of the rela
tives will be there."
ADVERTISE3IEXTS.
\\ New Year's C§
;§| -Presents, m
From a stock of un-
usual merit we offer a ■
selection to suit the
most critical taste.
THE NAME, BOHM- S#
B R1STO L CO.,
: ' STANDS AS A
: GUARANiEE OF
, - fi S AT I SF ACTION
IN QUALITY. AND
PRICE. :-:> ::;-::
, (Bohm-BristoICoi
If Jewelers an i "
'/Vy f *; SilverstniLhs ' i"
(r\jJ }9*~ n ° Geary Street.
D D TT C U 17 O FOR BARBERS, 7 BAK-
DilUOililD e ". bootblacks, bath-
■■ . ■ •- J.-- •.•-•« ■-,-.. houses. . billiard tabits,
brewers^ bookbinders, candy • makers, canners,
dyers. • flour mills, foundries, laundries, • paper- .
hansera, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen, tar- roofers, .tanners, tailors. -etc. ' '.
v . BT7CHA2TAIT BROS,
Brnali acasnf actnrert, 609 Sacramento St.
■ •■ • A3rt) SEtfENTS. _ _ _ lirr1 - --.imm^r.x-r-mwrj.uLi n -,■!.- -i
...TO-MORROW NIGHT...
4 ' ; David Belasco Presents
A Drama of Old Japan . }
By DAVID BELASCO and JOHN LUTHER. LONG |
342 TIMES 1 I 145 TIMES I
At Belasco Theater,* New York City During World's Fair, in St. Louis
Owing to the immense production the curtain win rise sharply at*
spilual. a O'CLOCK. ,
MATINEE SATURDAY=
NOTE
Out-of-town mall ordsra will be promptly attended to In tb* order received wbea accompanied t>y remittaaoe. Stamped
envelope must be Inclosed for reply. Address all communications. B. S. Campbell.' Treevrarer. Oraad Opera-nonse.
Week Commencing THIS AFTER- '
NOON", D«C. 25.
SPECIAL MATINEE MONDAY,
December 20.
ANNUAL VISIT of the
ORPHEUM ROAD SHOW
(Direction Martin Beck.)
McINTYRE and HEATH
The Perennial Minstrel Favorite*.
Spessard?'s Bears and Ponies
Europe's Greatest Animal Act.
GRACE PALOTTA
And
The FOUR MILLINERY MAIDS
London's Novelty Singing Act.
Frank — THE : LATONAS — Jed
Exponents cf Music and Comedy.
Tbe Southern Singer.
Harry-SMIPrL and KESSNER-Rose
"The Bell' Boy and the Maid."
Imitator of Birds, Animals and Ma-
chinery. ;
'And Her Beautiful Flock of Trained
Birds.
LUCY and VIATE
In Their European Novelty Wire Act. .
or;h:um motion pictures
Showlns ths Latest Novelties.
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday.
Thursday. Saturday and Sunday.
Prices— 10c, 25c End COc.
A T tr* ATA Tfc Belasco A Mayer.
il W~A > /a /.A K ■ Proprietor*.
XiJjvJlL/illl E. D. Price.
__ General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— CHIUSTMAS MAT. TO-DAY.
Gr»at Hit. Sol Smith Russell's Comedy,
PEACEFUL VALLEY.
JOHN CRAIG AS HOSEA HOWE.
r VM - esc to COc. Hats. Fat.. Sun., 25c to COc.
COMMENCING WITH HOLIDAY MATINEE
TO-MORROW.
Superb Production of Mansfield's Version
OLD HEIDELBERG
TELEGRAM FROM THE OWNERS.
NEW YORK, Dec. 20, 1004.— Belasco &
Maw: You have rights Old Heidelberg for
San Francisco. Any other announcements on-
au $g r X 8555 you IhtSt'bros.
New Year's Week— "LOST RIVER."
Market st., near Eighth; phone South 533.
! MATINEE TO-DAY— TO-NIGHT LAST TIME.
TWO LITTLE WAIFS
SPECIAL MATINEE TO-MORROW AND ALL
NEXT V\ KKIv.
Regular Matinees Sat. and Sun.
Lincoln J. Carter's Greatest Melodrama,
THE HEART OF CHICAGO
Positively the best attraction ever "offered at
tbe Ontral. Intensely exciting. The flying
train, the buminx of Chicago.
; prices— Eve. 10c to COc Mats.. 10c, 15c, 23c.
Ill jJSjfc R *
Jew v^TjKf Jockey
California; jP^^ Club
OAKLAND TRACK.
Racing; every week day, rain or shine.
Races start. at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
CHSISTMAs HANDICAP, $3900 Added, U B« Bon
MONDAY, Dteembir 26. - '■■
For special trains stopping; at the track take
E P Ferry, foot of Market street," at 12:00,
12:30, l:C0, 1:30 er 2:00. Returning: trains
leave the track at 4:10 and 4:45 p. m. and Im-
mediately after the lasfrace.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS, President.
PERCY W. TREAT. Secretary. _^^
MISCELXAXEOCS AMUSEMENTS.
FiSciER'S THEATER
TONY LUBELSKI, General Manager.
GREAT HOLIDAY ATTRACTION.
HIGH CLASS VAUDEVILLE. :
lOo and 20c. Children ' 10c
TEN 't GREAT ACTS DAILY. . . i ..>'
"Afternoons*- at .2:30. Evenings. 7:30 and 9.
Continuous Saturday, Sunday . and Holidays,
2 to 5 and- 7 to 11 P- m - :; ;
, " ;;.;■ Candy to : Children at Matinees.
Til MlfiUT L A ST THOS. Q. SEABROOKE
lU-NIUnl TiME in "THE BILLIONAIRE."
BS MONDAY NIGHT, 2 --
Henry W. Sava«» offers the Musical Satir*.
C« CmDRC IMC Author of "Th* Coonty Chairman," "TttST S"roxa Parti," *Tbe do
CJ DCUnUC MUC oun" and 'The College Widow."
"^ The Holiday Attraction
Will Be the TivoU's
Famous Opera Success
K1NQ
DODO
SPECIAL $3i$:
CHRISTMAS »o- K A o T ™ v
HOLIDAY sat^Llt
MATINEES ™. ™S\
GRAND TEANSrORMATlOIX SCSSB
"A CHILD'S D RE All OP CHRISTMAS"
A BE ATJTIFTJI. HOLIDAY STORY TOZJ>
IN 4 ENCHANTING TABLEAUX WITH
SANTA J CHRISTMAS
CLAUS a TREE
H. VT. BISHOP, Lessee and Manager.
LAST TIME TO-NIGHT.
JIM BLUDSO
Commencing MATINEE TO-MOBROW,
.<"-;• - Oliver Morosco Offers
HOWARD GOULD. J. H. GILMOUTl and
Majestic players in Hoyt's famous fare* com-
I CONTENTED WOMAN
OZA WALDROP In the Cast.
Next — By authority of prior contract. Rich-
ard Mansfeld's version "OLD HEIDELBERG."
G ADSK.I
fiikjLii&lsl Tneiday and Tbursda?
i^^iM^a Eves.. Jan. 3-5: Sat-
%$%^Mpm urday Matinee, Jan. 7.
BSiS^2'?''"Sra Season Ticket*. »4.5O.
VT-.-i?-,-..' W-6O, $2.50— ready n^tt
Ni^g^g^' Tuesday morntni:. Single
'■• 'f • teats, ?2-00, $1.&O, $1.00—
ready Friday Morning fol-
lowing. Special concert at St. Francis Hotel.
Wednesday- Evening-. Dec. 28, at 9. Seats,
$2.50. Box Office, Sherman. Clay & Co/s.
where complete programme may be obtained.
-\~ - - f - ■ : • ' :." ■ - . ■• ■
Every Alternoon . and Evening la tht
Heated Theater.
THE ONLY HOLIDAY SHOW i in Ban
Francisco.
PRINCESS FAN TAN
A Japanese Musical Extravaganza.
SCORES OP SPECIALTIES!
800 PERFORMERS.
A BIO SHOW BY LITTLE PEOPLE.
CHRISTMAS TREE This • and . To-morrow
Afternoon, With a Gift for , Every Child
Visiting- the Chutes.
No Increase In Prices.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN. Be.
EvBjry : Woman
mS^MSm a MARVEL .W hlrling Spray
WVo^'s*^^S^iUTte new T.»l.»l S,ri«r». Jnjtt.
ttonand bunion. Bftt—nat-
Vfc.v^.SJ^i^SS'attw. m-Mfit Con»enient.
iik jwmr JranUt he It. Oitv iPtf ,--^"^^***
It he PRnnot inpplT the \S ff^S r^^/^C
IMAItVKL. accept no r >*»^7L -''Cl-A^r—
otber, but send t tamp for " «Si v f~yp%'}\/
llhistratedbook— MaU4. It fltes v*'. / ''''a
full parttcnlars and directions In- rvk, / M
valuable to ladies. MABVKL CO^n>///;w m.M
41 i'ark lloir. Sew a'orlfa . Gk42uQ^
152 New Montgomery, San Francisco. ; Cal. - -
William Hatteroth (Ladles' Dept.). 224 Butter.
Union Drue Co.. 400 Sutter and 10O Stockton.
Osgood Brothers... 7th and Broadway, Oakland
Baldwin Pharmacy 119 Ellis
& CALIFORNIA^
IMATINEB TO-IXA.T. «
Jamea A. Herne'a Greatest of ill M
1 Arserlcaa Pastoral Corncdiea, -Ti
SHORE ACRES I
With Its wealth of Christmas che«r^— I
Its real turkey dinner — Its famous lig-ht* Sj
I house scene and the allins of the S
vf "LUdy Ann" — Most realistic marin* B
I scene ever dexlcted on the stax* and H
i Its powerful cast of the original favor* 5*
M ttfs, luclndlar Jam*s A. GalJoway, At- m
M . kins Lawrence-. Hello Theodora, II. P. B
■ V/hittemore. Jamet Burrowi, Herbert e!
B PHanburs and ethers. » j
H Special HoUday 3Catlne« To-morrow. H
I j Buy your seats early for New Year's ■
13 ** NEXT— "TON TOXSOX" 5
' MTSCELLAyEOTTS.
OjQ Perttect Fltttaa R^
V Eyeglasses Qt
j At Moderate Cost (\
FRENCH SAVINGS BANK
313 Moatjroaaerr Street.
Capita! paid op .....$ 600,000
Dividends paid to depositors . 1,656,226
CIIAS. CAltPT. President.
ARTHUR LEGALIST, Vice Priltisssli
• LEON BOCQUERAZ. Secretary.
JOHN GINT i'. Asst. Secretary.
- SXSSCTOSSl
Dr. C Art'.gutz, Chas. Carpy. Leon iranffmaji,
O. Boslo, J. B. Clot, A. Kooa,
Leon Bocquerai. J. M. Dupes. A. LerxIIet,
J. A. Bergerot, J. S. Oodeau. J. J. Mack.
Interest paid on deposits. Loans made oa
Real Estate and approved securities^.
PqtarA DOMTFAILTO
raiatc 8ee beaotifol
j COURT Lounging
/I fl fl room, tbe EMPIRE
auu Parlor, the
r J PALM ROOM, the
ITrflflfl LOUIS XV PAR-
uiuuu LOR ind ihe j^
n^ij,, ' DIES* WRITING
Hotels p 00^
Prescriptions 34,406 and 7.
OU AXULH THUD CXTSE FOB MZST.
HABMXSSS X2T JSCTZOH. Cures ordinary
casts In a few days. Warranted to cure
worst cases. JTO OTHEB TBHA.T3EE3TB
&XQT7XKZCD. Prevents and Cures Stric-
tures. PBEVESTTS COWTAGION. Harm-
less. $2.00 for both bottles. For sale only
r. B. gELLTB pwi«M*CT, 103 Eddy.
|ASTHMANOLA|
Za tie only ear* ft • Jfervons onA
Bronchial aSTXUa.
Tour Drugplst or at 888 H AIGHT ST..
San Francisco. Cal. '
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
U3AJCT BOOrS A2TD SZTXJQHTS.'
All kinds repaired. Globe Sheet Metal Works,
ll'g-1173 Mission st. Phone Main &*«!.
OILS.
LUBRICATIXO OILS: LEONARD * KT.T.T3.
413 Front st.. 3. T. Phone Main 171».
Tsxzrxnro.
E. C. HUGHES, 811 Bansomesl^ f. T.
3334
•-.l... :^.; . ADVEKTISE3IENTS. ■ *_.._'.-„ -.-x-^ n^
>r^#i, MAGMN'S RELIABLE WEAFt J^S^
,^^^k for WQMEj^ayid^CHlLDREN
Semi-Annual
Clearance Sale of
LADIES' SACQUES
TEA GOWNS and
NEGLIGEES
Sale will commence Tuesday, December 27, at 9 a. m.
! The most important event of the season — coming be-
tween Christmas and New Year's, it will be amagrceable sur T
prise.
i The line consists of broken assortments, comprising sim- i
; pie and fancy SACQUES, TEA GOWNS. HOUSE
GOWNS and NEGLIGEES, made of black, fancy and
solid color silks, hand-embroidered matelasse, albatross,
) French flannel, imported voile and German eiderdown.
; All are this season's goods — first-class in every de-
• tail — embracing a large assortment of imported European
garments.
Goods of their character are seldom offered at special
- sales. %
: Don't fail to attend.
* Note the following reductions:
Tea Gowns and Negligees
S175.00 Imported Models — chiffon crepe 91°°'OO
: Sq5*oo Silk— 1830 style $40.00
S^o.oo Imported Silk. $27.50
$75.00 Imported Silk $37.50
! Sso.oo French Silk Matelasse 925.00
: S37.50 Fancy Woolen Material— silk lined/. ...$2O.OO ,
1 $30.00 Silk — albatross lined J^IS.OO
; $27.50 Silk — lace trimmed $12.50
I S19.50 Imported French Flannel Robes $!).00
S12.75 Imported French Flannel Robes ...9^»OO
$9.50 Imported French Flannel Robes $5.50
j Sacques
$42.00 Imported Silk — lace trimmed $25.00
S^.oo Silk Crepe — lacetrimmed 915. OO
$21.00 Silk Crepe — lacetrimmed .91— «5O
$15.00 Silk Matelasse $7.5O
I $7^50 French Flannel $5.OO
$5.00 French Flannel ; 92. 5O
< S2.50 French Flannel 91.5O
Odds and ends in LADIES' SACQUES, made of Al-
batross. Henrietta Cloth, French Flannel and Silk; only small
i sizes. Former prices $9.00 to S15.00 — all will be closed out
at 93.50 each. * .
I 918922 Market St. No Branch Stores.
Our illustrated catalogue will be pent free to out-of-town people.
We are amenta for the YPSIL.ANTI KXIT GOODS. Special
measurements for made-to-order garments taken by Mrs. Ober. *
Sole Pacific Coast distributors for the "ARNOLD" goods. f
ORDERS USE OP THREE
PORTABLE SCIIOOLHOCSES
Board of Education Relieves Over
crowded Conditions at the Sutro
and Bergfrot Schools.
The Board of Education yesterday
ordered two portable schoolhouses
sent, to the Bergerot School and one to
the Sutro School to relieve their over
crowded condition.' Superintendent
I^angdon urged that relief be afforded
the ■Sutro School, while School Direc
tor Doyle contended that additional
•facilities were absolutely required at
the Bergerot. The board decided to
comply with both recommendations.
The two houses for the Befgerot
School will be sent from the Dudley
■Stone School, as the latter building
has several additions. The Dudley
€tone is fitted up with a modern fire
>?.a{)e apparatus and the Board of
Education has decided to invite the
Supervisors, Fire Commissioners and
l-jWcials of the Fire Department to
v.itness its operation during the first
week of the next school term.
Merry Xmas and tl>e Money.
Xo time like the present holiday sea
son better points to the advantage of
bavins a savings account. If you
Jtxveo't n>or.f-y your Christmas is not a
poetry oi;<\ Think of the dollars and the
dlffif that you have thrown away each
month and each week. They would have
made a nice littie bank account for the
holiday*, and it is the same thing with
regard to V>e acquisition of wealth. Open
a savings account. You can start one
with f 1 with the Phoenix Savings B. ana
L. Aks:i, 516 California street, interest
8t 4>i per cent, compounded semi-annu-
Rl!y; on term accounts, 5 per cent, in
terest payable semi-annuaJly. The paid
up capital of the Phoenix is $1.250,<r0O;
guarantee capital J200.000. The di
rectors are A. A. Watkins, Chas. R
m«hop f S. Prentiss . Smith, Geo. C
Butrdman, Chas. E. Ladd, Gavin McNab;
Clarence Grange, managing director. •
Wants Pay for Injuries.
Suit for $20,000 damages for in
juries was begun yesterday against the
Ignited Railroads by Angela Fitzger
ald, who alleges that she was seriously
bru'.sed on April 7 last by being
thrown from a Bryant-street car, be
tween Twenty-first and Twenty-second
etreets.
XE\V AD\ r ERTISEMEyTS.
NEWBRO'S HERPICIDE
The ORIOI VAL remedy thtt "kills the Dandruff Qtrm."
SO1N&! GOINGJIGONE!!!
EiirwffiC mi tm rr. - lancac nu ute rr. tm uti rot iekmchl
THE L A. 2) / E S O 39 J E C T reflected In tb. enormotii sale of Newbro's Htrpl-
to a cuntty end sticky balr dresstar. of toe that clde. Ladles become enthusiastic over Its refresh*
Is full of sedlaentary chemicals intended to dye Snc quality and exquisite fragrance. : It destroys
the balr. The asarked preference for a dainty the mlcroblc growth >» the scalp, cures dandruff.
4rmlnr. eaiUcstarty on« that overcomes «ees*» stops- fallinr hah* and rives It a silken (loss.
tvtrtttoesi^Stalvis^hllrllttit and fluffy. Is STOPS ITCHING INSTANTLY.
8m Starts. J1.00. SealiOc, ttiaw. ti HEERCIDE CO, Ctpt R, Ortrcit Mfefc. for a wmple. x :".
APFUCATXOIT8 AT ymOlPirEarT BAMEB SHOF3. . . , . !
TO GIVE NEW YEAR BALI/
AT TURN*. VEREIX HALIi
Singing: Society Will Render
an Interesting Concert ,
Pre^rnmine.
The Swedish Singing Society will
give Its usual New Year's concert and
ball in the Turn Verein Hall, 353 Turk
street, next Saturday evening begin
ning at 7:30. The following pro
gramme will be rendered:
Overture, orchestra; "Wedding
March" (Suderman), Swe.diah Singing
Society; trombone solo, selected, Louis
Klotz; "Queen of the Earth" (Pin
suti), tenor solo. Mr. Erickson: "The
Fishers' Duet" (Gabussi), J. Nelson
and A. Rydlander; humorous sketch
by a first class team; song, "Lifdrab
anten and King Erick," M. A. Tugel
stad; (a) "Naturen och Hjertal"
(Lindblar), (b) "Good Night" (from
"Martha"), Swedish Singing Society.
Dancing all night; music by Professor
A. Pihlstrom.
The Diamond Palace
Will be open to-day and to-morrow morn
ing: to accommodate customers 2'1
Montgomery street. " •
Guardsmen on Walc?i.
Next Saturday night the four bat
teries of Coast Artillery, National
Guard of California, located in the
Ellis-street Armory; the Signal Corps,
also located there, and the artillery
band will have a watch night meet-
Ing to see the old : year out and the
new year in. It will be in the nature
of a flrst-clas high Jinks, with Captain
"W. S. G rattan as sire. There will be
a fine programme, with many of the
numbers by professional talent. ■
Company F, Fifth Infantry, sta
tioned in Oakland, will, also have a
watch night in its armory next Satur
day night, under the direction of Cap
tain Wethern.
A dream of pleasure, the new two for
quarter size American. 12 75 box 25. •
CHANDLER GIVES CHECK.— R. D. Chan- I
dier yesterday presented a check for $100 to I
Chief Kngfnper Sullivan for the benefit of the.'
Widows' and Orphans' Aid Society of th« Fire I
Department.
THE SAN FRANCISCO .XALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER J 25, • 1904.
FIND MISSING
SILVER OUNCES
Mint .Employes Can Now
Enjoy a Jtl^rry Christmas
Untempered With Worry
DISAPPEARS STRANGELY
Metal Slips Through the
Machinery for Whiting
Room and Puzzles Clerks
... •
The gloom that has prevailed during
ye merry holiday times in the silver
department of the United States Mint
in this city has given way to joy — the
sort of Joy that comes with the lifting
of a burden of troubles from the mind.
This burden has rested heavily for
some months on the. devoted caputs of
the Mint employes and has threatened
to wear away the hair. ,
About six months ago it was reported
to. Superintendent Leach that there
was a shortage in the silver account,
and no one seemed able to give the
slightest clew to the mysterious dis
appearance of a number of ounces of
the white metal. Weeks wore / away,
and more and more silver was "weigh
ed in short" after it had passed the
whiting room.
Careful search was made of all the
nooks and corners of the room and ev
ery employe was kept constantly un
der the keen eyes of the Mint officials./
Finally the shortage grew Into the
hundreds of ounces, and the assistance
of the secret service was requested
and obtained. Every man and woman
who had anything to do with the silver
and whiting room were carefully in
vestigated, but nothing developed to
show that they were following other
than "the straight and narrow 'path."
"Uncle" Dan Cole, the official coiner,
and Refiner Gorman began to see
visions of f)immicky days, and there
was a spirit of unrest among the heads
of all departments that became all the
more aggravating as Christmas ap
proached. The officials commenced to
dream of suit cases full of silver bricks
disappearing into the dark shadows of
Fifth street on stormy nights. The se
cret service men said "We're sorry,
but hanged if we can find where the
metal has gone to."
The season's - gladsome greetings
came a few days ago, when the en
gineer of the whiting department,
where the silver coins are given their
white, unpolished appearance, an
nounced that he thought he had the
answer to the puzzle.
"What do you think?" asked the su
p'erintendent. ; '
"I think that the metal is somewhere
in. the machinery," replied the engineer.
"Well, I'm afraid you're wrong, but
we will investigate," replied the chief,
official.
In. -the whiting process, by some
means as yet undetermined by the re
finers, the silver had been deprived of
a certain fractional part of its bulk
and.the infinitely, small particles grav
itated toward a common center— the
cylinder of one of the machines. The
machinery was taken apart after a
great deal of labor, and snugly settled
in one corner of it were 420 ounces of
the missing metal. There is not sup
posed to be any more valuable depos
its in the coinmaking plant, as 'the
amount mentioned makes up the dis
turbing shortage.
And there is a merry Christmas — a
very merry Christmas — at the stately
stomr edifice where- Uncle Sam fur
nishes the country with jingling dol
lars.
Bucket Shop Men Discharged.
After a fight lasting over four years
the case of W. D. Valentine, M. Burke
and A. C. Pritchard, charged with con
ducting a bucket shop on Ellis street,
was dismissed by Judge Cook yester
day. The trio were convicted in the
Police Court and fined in the aggre
gate $900. The Superior Court af
firmed the judgment of the lower court
and the defendant's attorney, George
D. Collins, appealed to the Supreme
Court. Meantime the defendants had
been taken Into custody and an appli
cation >was made before Judge Cook
for a writ of habeas corpus. Decision
on the writ was .postponed till the Su
preme Court should render judgment,
which was finally given against the
appellants. The ordinance under
which the arrests were made was sub
sequently repealed.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
D.-iigEists. &Oc flask. Richard * Co.. 400 Clay.*
Cannot Sue for Damages.
Judge Murasky yesterday, In a writ
ten opinion sustaining the city's de
murrer to the suit of George S.' Crlm
and others for $3000 damages, decided
that under the charter the plaintiffs
could not maintain such an action.
Plaintiffs complained of the washing
away of much of the soil of their prop
erty on J street, between Tenth and
Eleventh avenues, by sewage from the
Almshouse tract. The street at this
point was made impassable by : the
seepage^ It Is held by the court that
the charter prohibits recourse against
the city for any damage or loss suf
fered by reason of the defective con
dition of any sewer. This' suit resulted
from the improper construction of the
sewer.
Have it printed by Edward Knowles Com
rany, 24 Second street, near Market. •
Yee Goner. Is Released.
Argument on the application upon
a writ of, habeas corpus for the - re
lease of Tee Gong was heard yester
day by Judge Cook. The application
was granted and the prisoner ordered
discharged • from custody. ■ . He was ar
rested by Sergeant Ellis and Policeman
Minehan on a bench warrant from Po
lice Judge Fritz's court Issued upon
the assertion of two . members of the
Chinese Educational Society that he
was one .of the fantan: players ;ar-
' rested at 820 Washington street. This
was denied. Tee' Gong has- Instituted
a civil suit; against ;the; Police. Depart
ment, claiming" $25,000 damages for
false arrest and- imprisonment. "
CARPENTER PALLS' FROM BUILDING —
John Anderson, a carpenter, while at work i>n
a building at Glen Park 'yesterday, fell a dis
tance • of twenty I feet and I broke his left ■ leg
lie ; waa removed ; to s the ■ Emergency HobdIUlI
then, to St. Luke's Hospital, where he received
1 treatment.'*' '■" ' •■■ •>- ' ■■ •■;..■<;.-.,,
GRAND JURORS
THE RESPITE
Investigation of • the Police
Affairs in Chinatown Is
Deferred Over Christmas
ELLIS 'GIVES QUIETUS
His Statement That He Did
Not Implicate Wittman*
Relieves the Situation
There was complete rest yesterday
in the investigation of police condi
tions in Chinatown. The emphatic de
nial of Sergeant Ellis that he ever
charged before the Grand Jury or any
one else that Chief Wittman pave him
instructions not to molest the fantan
or lottery games has put a quietus on
the sensational affair. While it is be
lieved that the Police Committee of
the Grand Jury is at work on pertain
facts in connection with corruption in
the Chinese quarter, it is thought that
it has not got much farther with the
probe than has been done several times
before. ,
"I am taking: a rest over Christmas,"
said Foreman T. P. Andrews yester
day, "and the other, jurors are doing
likewise. We* will give no attention to
Grand Jury matters until Tuesday. I
have told the stenographer and the po
licemen detailed to assist us and to
serve subpenas that they .need not re
port until Tuesday morning. I will not
say whether we are encouraged or dis
couraged over the situation as to the
investigation of the Chinatown ' cor
ruption. Anyhow, we shall not give a
further thought to the matter until
Christmas is over.'.' . 3
Sergeant Ellis, about whose head the
storm has been raging, was on duty
yesterday in the harbor -district. He
finds it far more pleasant to' cope ■ with
the Christmas celebrations along the
water front than to breathing: 'the odtrs
of Chinatown. t '
B.F.StoIl. dentist: Haierht & Masonic ay.»
Says Treasurer Is Defaulter.
P. A. Cascloni, president of Aurora
Grove of the Ancient Order of Druids,
obtained a warrant from Police Judge
Mog-an j-esterday for the arrest of
Achilles Blagi, treasurer of the grove,
on a charge of felony embezzlement.
Cascioni alleges that Blagi is short
$154 35 in his accounts. 7
E1NDS HIS LIFE WITH GAS.— Ernest Mil
ler, a tailor, turned on the gas In a room at
the Sutherland Hot«L at Sutter and Jones
streets, yesterday.' Th» ambulance was called
for and the man removed to • the Emergency
Hospital, where he breathed his last on the
operating table. Dr. W.' E. Stevens attended
him.
' " . .: APVEKTISEMEXTS.
| A VERY INTERESTING
SALE OF HIGH-GRADE
• ■ ■ - \
j^S=r±r 3^l\\ .vl*A_ The sale begins Tuesday
/^V^^Jl\\V//v\ morning. It is a waist pur-
/=H^^2fu\\ \ \\n J chase out of the ordinary.
Jlg^PjpjM \ V ) / The best known manu-
Wl&K*Y\\j Wa As facturer. # in New York gave
oisPyrANsiiSaii us tne °PP or tunity to buy
J^^£^^\ ffiSj*^ s ent ' re sample stock at
P' '**' /v^3 \ y^BKA very close to half-price.
\'\y S^ ance at the goods, and
V(\^X\T^\wR'^ft we accepted the offer. A
Vy \\V Nv^^y^Y^wllm glance will demonstrate to
/\^ vVov^uwF^^V^'?^^ y° u t ' iat we actc( i wisely
/^^oN/kS^ A\tfX-^>\ " »^1 an^ that a great bargain is
S^^^^^^X^^VY^iA/ placed before you.
a, r*l- j^^^YT^jjii m^ They are fancy waists,
k# /*'*^3^Si'L»J?\ 1 gathered, tucked, braid-
K^Pali^ trimmed, hemstitched — a
. new style idea in every one.
The materials are Voile,
~ 'T • Etamine and Henrietta
Cloth. 'The colors are
brown, navy, royal blue, tan, red and green. The styles are
the latest— the season's best.
$4.50 Waists $2.50 $6.00 Waists $3.50
A splendid assortment of styles, Magnificent waists, creations
colors and sizes. :_ ' by the best designers.
Chiffon Veils. Umbrella Sale.
1000 Regular 75c and t. c* $2.00 and $2.50 tf« -i cri
$tOOVciIs . . . . . Valvcslor... 4&1.DU
Fifteen styles to select: from. French frames with bulb run-
Edges are embroidered, and hem- ner and steel rod; guaranteed
stitched ; colors are ; black, brown, fast black . gloria ; 25 or 28 inch
navy, myrtle and tan; length 1% • size; Congo or silver cap handles
yards. " Thequality is superior— ; 'in great 'variety; styles for both
you i will" quickly , see ■ « men and women. •Reir-;rfi^..p'#i
that. Regular price 7"?c ZljC" ular, prices are $2.00 J^ | Sfl
each. Sale price. ..... . . r : and $2.50. Sale price t* f?*"r~T>:
Great Sale Coats, Suits and SKirts
Begins Tycsday.
• Great reductions— $17 SO and $20 Suits for $10; $15 and $20 Coats
forJP9.5O;,Girls':$io and $ia Coats for^T.SO; $7.50 and $10 ;WaIk-
£ ing Skirts j f or ' $5.OO. • Great chance. See the Chronicle or Examiner
;* for, full'. announcement. '•■'.:. ■«-■?' -;"*v ' ■' -
M.3>. Savis & Co.
Qor^Seary and Srant Jtve.
HOW TAX MAY
BE RETURNED
City Attorney Long Advises
an Amendment by Legis
lature to Afford Relief
SPECIAL LEVY INVOLVED
Will |Giv| Three Years for
Claims for Moneys Paid
for Hospitals and Schools
City Attorney Long yesterday gave
the Supervisors an opinion on the ques
tion whether the Board has the power
to refund the taxes illegally collected
for the new school houses and a county
hospital where the same were paid
without protest and demand was not
made "or suit begun within the time
prescribed by law. Mr. Long's opinion
says the right to recover without ac
tion or protest must be regarded as a
statutory right, the enforcement of
which may be permitted within three
years from its inception, but he ad
vises the submission of an amendment
to the Legislature designed to extend
the limitation contained in section 3804
of the Political Code?" Long submits a
form of the proposed amendment,
which is in effect an enabling act,
and provides that any taxes erroneous
ly collected shall be refunded upon a
verified claim therefor filed within
three years after the making of the
payment sought to be refunded.
The City Attorney quotes from the
code to show that. those taxpayers who
have not filed written protests and
have not begun action within six
months from the date o{ payment can
not recover the taxes paid, however
unlawful may have been their exaction,
and that the proper procedure to re
turn the taxes is by amending the code
as already stated.
The extension of the time limit from
six months to three years would permit
of the return of the special fifteen levy,
as the taxes *>*vere paid in November,
1902 and April, 1903.
Chew Bins; Quota's Estate.
The belated inventory of the estate
of Chew Bing Quoia, the deceased Chi
nese labor contractor, was filed in the
Probate Court yesterday. It is stated
that $9200 was withdrawn by the
Chinaman from his business before his
death, and this, with other funds mak
ing an aggregate of $.13,800, was de
posited with Louis Shuck at 715 Sac
ramento street. There is a question
as to whether or not this money be
longs to the estate, and a suit has
been instituted against Shuck.
'.- ADVERTISKMENTS.
O'CONNOR, MOFFATT & CO.
; Season 1904-1905
French and English Amazon Cloths
Broadcloths A very large assortment of all
The finest weaves in all the the new shades in English
latest shades of chamoaene. Amazon Cloths. All wool, well
tan. brown, blue, ereen. cream finished and an excellent wcar-
and white. 54 inches wide .... mg fabric for tailor suits. 50
$2.00, $2.50, $3.00 yd m .! hgsw ! de :; $1.50 yard
COVERT CLOTH
Good quality heavy English Covert Cloth, in the stylish tan
shade. This material is extensively used for (\{\ vaw i
the new Corset Jacket. 52 inches wide «P««vU yara
Mixed Cheviots English Corduroys
and CovertS Best quality silk-finished velvet
The correct cloth for eolf and Corduroys, in the wide cord;
short walking skirts for winter for street wear: all the leading
wear; in mixed shades of colors, of navy blue, brown.
brown, gray and blue. $A inches green, drab, mode, black and
::::::::..% 1.00 yard layUi" $1.00 yard
I" DOMESTIC DEPARTMENT
Damask Cloths Hack Towels
10 patterns bleached, all- Soft, heavy, all linen Hock
linen, bordered Table Towels, hemmed and hem-
Cloths; good, strong qual- stitched; white and red
■ ity; 2x2 }£ yards. $2.OO; borders. Dozen ~« ftrt
I 2x3 yards, $2.50. Full ifr^.UU
I size naokins to match; Blankets
1 NrnSwU" California White Wool
-<■ b.uc border,. Each
designs. Dozen, q.^ cq '....'..!.'.'!!..... $3.75
Loom Damask Bath Towels
Strong, all linen, loom Table Full size bleached and un-
Linen. Will bleach c/w bleached hemmed **§»
| quickly Oc Towels. Each ZDC
>derbyMail
Out of town cus- \/ Ajr J0J? ■ *'m
tomers can pur-
chase goods in the
most satisfactory i//x -1| *V>!?
manner through ' t^ Blt5t *e o V' *>£&>'>%
our mail order de- 1866 &*-<
partment. Special 11 ' >^^^ -i y
S on d.t". to 111 to 121 Post Stttct
WHAT STATESMEN
ARE DISCUSSING
Members of the Instructed
Humboldt Delegation Are
Visiting the Metropolis
State Senator Thomas H. Selvage of
Eureka and Assemblyman Louis P.
Branstetter of Ferndale are in the city.
Early In the Senatorial campaign there
was a deal of political gossip to the ef
fect that the Humboldt delegation in
the Legislature, under the leadership of
Mr. Selvage, would support Henry T.
Oxnard for the United States Senate,
but the subsequent candidacy of George
A. Knight, who began his political ca
reer in that county, caused a readjust
ment of the programme and it is now
admitted that Mr. Knight will get the
support of the Humboldt statesmen. In
the Senatorial contest of 1899. when
General W. H. L. Barnes, U. S. Grant
and D. M. Burns were the leading can
didates, George A. Knight had the sup
port of the Humboldt delegation on
several ballots, but on a dark night in
January one of the northern chickens
"flew de coop" of Mr. Knight and land
ed in Mr! Grant's house. The flight
caused considerable merriment and
hastened the dissolution of the Knight
forces.
It is understood that Mr. Oxnard Is
Senator Selvage's second choice in this
campaign and would be his first choice
were It not for- the Instructions which
the Humboldt : convention gave when
the ticket was nominated. There is
conjecture concerning the third. choice
of Senator Selvage. Some aver that
Senator Bard Is In line for that distinc
tion, while others contend x that the
honor Is reserved for Frank P. Flint of
Los Angeles. It . is common talk that
the Humboldt delegation will scatter,
every man going as he pleases, when
Knight elects to retire, from the field.
The Assemblymen will surely go their
own way without consulting the State
Senator.
Stories are published in the Demo
cratic newspapers to the effect that
Senator Greenwell of Santa Barbara,
Assemblyman Drew of Fresno and As
semblyman Prescott of San Bernardino
will not vote for Senator Bard. In the
Bard camp this is the reply: "Wait un
til the Legislature ballots for Senator.'*
The lawyers have not succeeded in
"rushing" Governor Pardee In the mat
ter of Appellate Court appointments.
He Is taking his own time to consider
the merit, availibillty, and geographical
position of the applicants. The consti
tutional, amendment creating the new
courts defines the districts and requires
that more' than one political party shall
be recognized in the selection of Judges.
The San Francisco Assembly delega
tion will organize by the election »of
Nathan C. ' Coghlan of the Forty-first
District or George A; McGowan of. the
Forty-second to the chairmanship.
Frank H. Sharp of Fresno and J. O.
Hayes; of San Jose arrived In the city
yesterday. , '
PROVIDENCE. R." I.. Dec 34.— The Atlan
tic . Rubber Shoe : Company, .which employs
about 500 men. ; save . notice to-day : that the
plant .'would ■ be closed for an Indefinite period,
begtnnlnc Monday. No reason for the shut
down ' U , ass i Kned. ■
SnSCEUiAXEOUS.
Remember the Old Folks
For New Tear With a Fair of
GEORGE MAYERLE'S
W&fSsvm ■ ' ■ : : I'hiVi'iSi *''$Jd@rzB&£*' 1 '" ''■ JjS " 1
EYEGLASSES
Which are nsed and highly r«coinzn«nd«d
by mo.it eminent clersymen. offldaia, edu-
cators of California and the highest 17. 3.
Army, Navy orflcers; they find them sooth-
Ing, restful and strengthening to th« «7«*
and preservo the sight.
A present that will b« appreciated by
young and old for many years to com*
EYES EIAM1KXD HUBS
At 1071 Vs. Market St..
Near Corner Seventh S treat.
Georg-e- Maysrlo's Eyewater, SOo.
By mail. <S2c. Georga May»rte'» antUeptl*
eyftRlas-e cleaners. 2 for 23c
"WTIIGHTSVIIXE. Oa.. Dec 14.— WrltMs-
vll!«t has suffered from th» tr^_test fire In ita
history. Two banks, five- . stores, with thetr
stocks, and two offices war* burned. Total
loss tlOO.OOO. .
ADVERnSEMEXTS.
Don't simply "get a bbttle
of cough medicine." Get
Good cough medicine. Ask
your druggist for
VIdamiL
Irish Moss Cough Balsam
and you will have the best.
the kind that cures in a day.
It costs you no more than
the thousand and one un-
known kinds that the dealer
tries to sell you because of
larger profits.
Salt...-
Ever hav» trouble with Salt? Of
eoors* you have. Ev.ry ma doe*
I except tiio«o who usa &esli» Starll-
Ized Salt. A Tabl. Salt of th. hijrh.
eat vosdhl. purity. ShjOcs . fr««Xy. 3Ta
cloextiz.Pages 35 to 44
FAIR KLEPTOMANIAC
GETSTHIRTY DAYS
While Awaiting Examination
on Charge of Stealing From .
Fiance She Repeats Offense
He Ignores Her Naive Plea
BY JAMES C. CRAWFORD.
"Kleptomania was pleaded In behalf of
Mlw Kittle O'Brien, who stole a $5 gold
:plcc« frcia her fiance, Fred Aiilqulst of
•245 Btea*rt street, while she wai await
ing trial on tn« charge of having
robbed h«™ of three coins ot like de
nomination. The first larceny was per
petrated while Fred was wooing Kittle
at her place of domestic servitude, the
Ferry Hotel, en East street, the money
being abstracted from a. pocket of his
vest and hidden In tHe pilferer's hair,
which was arranged In a Maxine Elliott
puff. Ehe was arrested, arraigned and
released on bail, and when Fred re
lented and went to comfort her with
assurance that he did not intend to
prosecute her ehe fell upon his chest.
shed tears of gratitude and surrepti
tiously transferred another golden disc
from his vest pocket to her coiffure,
where It was found by the policeman to
whom Fred reported his second loss of
cash and confidence.
"You evidently were determined to
epend Christmas In Jail," said Police
Judge Slogan to the defendant.
" 'Deed an* I wasn't," Ehe responded,
"for ma has invited me to eat
Chrts'mus dinner with her, an* I
wouldn't disappoint- ma for anything,
an* rm ssre Fred wouldn't want to Bee
me disappoint xna, for he knows ma
thinV« te'» Just lovely, don't you,
Fred?" » • ■
Mr. AhlQuist coldly Ignored the query
* and His* O'Brien suddenly showed
ftlsztn.
• To wvrm I den't know why I took
J Frad's money," she resumed, "for gra
cious knows I knew he would give It to
' - ine If rd only eek for it, an* I was sure
cf a nice Chris'mas present from him,
anyrray, en' he knows that as well as
I do, don't you, Fred? Now don't say
yon don't."
Fred's implacable 'demeanor provokedv
a- «hower of tears from Miss O'Brien
and when the Judge sentenced her to
thirty days* Imprisonment ehe eobblng
ly averred that until that moment ehe
never would have believed Fred cap
able of Inflicting such cruelty on ma.
• • •
Jcdr* Fritz heard the complaint of
Malancthon Philip and wife against
• Joseph F. Donaldson, an attorney at
laiv. whom they accuse of grand lar
ceny by trick and device. The Philips
lar« of London birth and breeding and,
" according to their story. Mr. Donaldson
.'found it an easy matter to deprive
them of $500 cash without giving ma
terial equivalent In return. *
.Attracted by a newspaper advertise
." ment for an active partner in a legitl
.'ni2.te business who would be assured of
• a clear Income of $75 a month, Mr,
Philip responded and soon afterward
was visited e.t his home, 117 Ripley
street, by Mr. Donaldson, who intro
duced himself as the advertiser and
explained that his sure-money enter
prise was the "Security. Title Com
■pany," for a half interest in which he
would accept $1.00 and furnish as se
• curity for the promls-d $75 a month
Income the deeds to five lots of valuable
Inside realty. Mr. Philip put $500 in
*fr. Donaldson's hands and took Mr.
Dcnaldscn'8 word for it that the deeds
•would be giv*n him just as soon as
their transfer was recorded. Mr. Don
aldson failed to record tne deeds and
Mr. Philip failed to recover his money
Invested and" discovered that the "Se
• curity Title Company" was incapable
of yielding one seventy-fifth part of $75
'* a month.
The case has gone over till next Sat
urday.
Chris Burdlck end George Rogers,
young fellows, were caught In the act
ef shooting at an arc light suspended
. over the doorway of a Market-street
piano- store, their weapons being rub
ber catapults attached to index finger
and thumb and their missiles marbles.
Each time the exterior light was ex
tinguished by a marble seven interior
lights on the same circuit were in- 1
etently put out and the store plunged.
In darkness. The practical joke -had
been worked several times ere the stor«
folk ascertained Its authors* and then
they had a policeman specially detailed
to catch the marksmen, -with the re
sult that Masters Burdldc and Rogers
were nabbed as they were peppering
away at the big white bulb. Judge
Mogun pronounced Master Burdlck
guilty of malicious mischief and re
manded him for sentence, and Master
Rogers' ball of 510 was forfeited and a
bench warrant issued for his capture.
Mrs. Mary Schomberg's vituperative
volley at a couple of policemen was not
the sole cause of her being sentenced
to four months' Imprisonment by Judge
Mogan, for her previous bad character,
as reflected by several convictions for
disorderly conduct, was taken into con
sideration when the penalty waa fixed.
It was at Eighth and Howard streets
that. Mrs. Schomberg vociferously ex
pressed her opinion of the police force
within hearing of two of its members.
They had warned her to refrain from
disturbing the peace and she responded
by disturbing It.
"D'ye think I care snout yez?" she
demanded. "It's In th"' pen yez ought
to be, an" well yez knows it, instld of
orderln* decent wimmin 'roun as if they
•wur dirt under yer feet. Yer so crooked,
ev'ry one of yez, that yez can't He
straight in bed, and if a wire nail wur
driven into yer brain it'd come out a
corkscrew. Talk abcut a dog's hind leg
beln' crooked—"
Then they muzzled her.
R. A. Hunter expressed reluctance to
prosecute Charles M. Lavelle for lar
ceny, although he would not deny that
his pocket had been picked several
times by Mr. Lavelle while the twain
were carousing in a Fourth-street
saloon. Patrolman Murphy arrested
Mr. Lavelle by request of Mr. Hunter,
but after thinking It over Mr. Hunter
relented.
"Charles an' me are old friends," -he
told Judge Conlan, : "an' even. if he did
keep on "dippin" after I told him to
let up, he's too good a fellow to go -*o
Jail."
As he could not be persuaded to
abandon that attitude the case was
dismissed.
• • •
Alice Morton, an angular spinster no
the upper side of one score and ten,
nervously fumbled her black-gloved
hands and falteringly acknowledged
the truth of the tale told Judge Cab
aniss by "the two police gentlemen"
who arrested her for intoxication on
Market street Friday afternoon. She
had no complaint to make of their
treatment of her — indeed she desired
to thank them for courtesy which her
condition did not merit, much less in
vite^and she hoped the court would
take Into consideration her sincere re
gret and previous good character. Her
inebriety was more accidental than
willful, anyway, for when she came
from . Oakland to purchase Christmas
gifts and extend compliments of the
season to some of her friends no In
clination to tipple possessed her. As
she toured the stores, and gradually
became laden with merchandise in va
rious-sized packages so did ehe un
consciously acquire the load that Im
paired her gait and Intellect. Every
friend on whom she called insisted
that Ehe pledge In wine her assurance
of undimlnlshed esteem, and as the
weather was chilly and much walking
had fatigued ■ her she did not require
so much coaxing to absorb stimulants
as had always been her wont.- But she
really did not " realize how tipsy she
was when arrested by Patrolmen Scott
and Coff until. their testimony was ad
duced. True, she remembered that the
sidewalk seemed to . be more crowded
than usual, that almost every person
she met either collided with her or at
tempted to do so, and that she could
not regain possession of . a - • dropped
bundle without relinquishing posses
sion of others; but she had no idea
that her unsteadiness of carriage was
solely responsible for the personal col
lisions and the bundle-dropping.
After thanking the court '- for her
dismissal Miss Morton'. vouchsafed: the
SAN FRANCISCO. SUNDAY," DECEMBER 25, 1904.
BRAGGING REMARK SERVES THE
POLICE WITH A THEORY.
The Oakland police have in custody a man named whom they suspect
of having knowledge of the murder of Policeman George W. Brown. When arrested by Po
liceman Sherry the prisoner remarked, "We got one of you fellows the other night." A
black mask and a revolver were found in the possession of Anderson when searched.
ENGINEERS
RECOMMEND
NEW LEVEES
Board "Which Met at. Sioux
City Presents Plans to
Beclaim Overoflwed Lands
in the Sacramento Valley
COST OF THE WORK
TO BE $23,706,022
Declare That the Reclama
tion of Three-Fourths of
the Immense Yolo Basin
Is Entirely Practicable
Soecial Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 24. — governor
Pardee to-day made public the report
of the board of engineers which re
cently met at Sioux City, Iowa. It
provides for a plan for the reclama
tion of overflowed lands in the Sacra
mento Valley and for the improve
ment of. the navigable, waterways
therein. .V '• ..* -■ ■ :: V ■
■ The report is very lengthy, and pre
sents: an enormous amount of details.
It provides for confining the Sacra
mento River and its tributaries be
tween: lines of levees built sufficiently
far apart to hold the flood .^waters,
with the purpose in .view, of forcing
the contracted current to scour: out. a
sufficient depth to enable the Sacra
mento River to carry its own flood
volume. The estimate of the cost as
"given in the report is $20. 674. 802. To
this 15 per -cent, or $3,101,220, is
added for administration and contin
gencies, making the total cost $23,
766,022.
The estimate is given by the engin
eers as the maximum cost and they
point out that if less : dredging Is re
quired the expense will be consider
ably reduced. 1 The engineers do not
discuss the ways by which the money
to carry on the work shall be raised,;
leaving that to be determined by the
Legislature and the Federal Govern
ment.
NEW SYSTEM OF LEVEES.
The great levee system which the!
plans provide for is to have a crown
width of ten feet, with slopes three
horizontal feet to one vertical foot
information that never again should
she permit herself, no" matter how se
vere the pressure might be, to imbibe
spirituous liquors on this side the bay.
• • »
In their endeavor to suppress pool
selling the police sometimes permit zeal
to over-ride discretion, as in the case
of H. W. Gross, barber, at 1405 Polk
street. Patrolman Cornelius arrested
Mr. Gross for pool-selling, and by way
of testimony said he saw the defendant
attach bits of paper to a string which
dangled from a winddw above the bar
ber shop, said'string being then hauled
up and Into the house by his wife.
When the tonsor testified that ' the
pieces of paper alluded to were ' let
ters for his betterhalf which • had ax-'
rived by mail, and which he could not
conveniently leave his business to cbn
• vey upstairs, • the case was dismissed.
The policeman, however," retained his
opinion that the paper-hoisting' was re
moval of evidence "of pool-selling.
• • - • •. . -
Four young men similarly charged
were also restored to freedom by Judge
Mog-an, who remarked that Patrolmen
Nolan and Thompson 'had insufficient
evidence to convict and should have
known It. * The quartet was arrested
In the rear room of 'a cigar store on
Fifth street,- and in the room were
found blank cards such as bets are reg
istered on, but . there was nothing - to
show that any. bets had been made by
the prisoners or any one else.
Joe Dennis (colored) slashed the neck
of Frank Jackson (also ebony hued)
with a razor in the latter* s home at 203
Post street, and the cut was so deep and
dangerous that Mr. Jackson's retention
in - the Receiving Hospital prevented
his appearance: before Judge Moganlto
prosecute his assailant. The hearing
was continued till next; "Wednesday.
Generous Donors Thanked.
The Mount Zlon Hospital acknowl
edges with thanks the receipt of a do
nation of- $1000 from Edith, Joel K.,
Elias M. and ■ Adelheid Hecht for the
endowment .of -a "memorial 1 bed" in
memory of their ■-'■ deceased """parents/
Abraham : E. and Amelia , K. r Hecht. W *•' ■•
TOWSER'S FATE
A LEGAL STUDY
Judge Troutt Eules in Fa
vor of Humine Society and
Against the \ Poundmaster
POWER NOT EXCEEDED
Eight Is Upheld to Take Ap
pointment of an Employe
Away From Mayor Schmitz
A decision In favor of the Board of
Supervisors and Incidentally of. tne So
ciety, for. the- Prevention of Cruelty to
Animals was rendered yesterday by
Ju d ge Troutt in the case of H. O.
Irwin against George "Alpers and
others. ; The suit Involved the validity
of the action of the. Board of Super
visors In placing the public pound ■ in
charge of the humane society. irwin,
who was Mayor . Sctimltz's appointee
as poundmaster, sued as a taxpayer
and citizen to enjoin. the payment of
the society's- demand for $470 ,70 for
its care of the pound in February.'
' Irwin claimed that the: public pound
was created by ordinance in 1900 with
the provision • that the Mayor should
appoint the poundmaster; hie had been
tho j Vij;ilegaijy'app^ifl{ed:]kee"per;and
con : 'j.^d?th'atith^.socfety^ wasjarr in
trude)*. 3 " * He'-"conten'decl^.*t"o6,' - "that" the
claim was , for . more - thanl$200 and
should have been A presented to the
Mayor for approval, , which ' was not
done.
The ordinance was/amended in 1901
and again in. January, 1.904, at which
time, over the Mayor's veto, It was
provided that the appointment should
be made by the Supervisors. There
upon the board turned the pound over
to the Society for the Prevention' of
Cruelty to Ajilmals. Judge Troutt
holds that: in so doing the board had
not exceeded ; its authority. He held
that the pound master was not an. offi
cer within the meaning of. the charter,
but merely an employe, and .concurs
in Judge Sloss' opinion In ! the Health
Board cases making a distinction be
tweemofficer and employed : . ■■-..
As to whether 1 * or. not the .claim
should have been presented .to. ; the
Ma>'jor_i:for.^approyal, ; Judge . Troutt
Vules in the. affirmative, but says It is
not for him to- now determine: if ah
action would lie against the city if the
Mayor disapproves the demand. r : :if /£
;*_^RECLAOilNG YOLO- BASIN." ■"*"
. ,The j distance between existing ■ levees
along/' thV^ front "of the "city 'of Sacra
mento "and the" town of ■ Washington. Is
'declared " to be ; so insufficient that the
levee ;on • the west ' side is . to i be moved
back f'to* Second' street, • In the • town : of
.Washington^ , and the property between
that street and the river bank is to be
apprbpriatedi forleyee purposes. - ' .' \
" • The commission ' has not taken cbgni- ;
zance ; of the > levees Inclosing the rich
Islands ?in ? the " lower < Sacramento- and
San " Joaquin •valleys.' The i commission
holds that 'these" are in "the -nature.of
private enterprises," but expresses the
opinion ■ that the- confinement.-: of .the
floods to f the rivers must ; simplify, the
'problem '-i and V lighten the : burden : of
maintaining, Uvees; around the , islands.
The report declares that the complete
reclamation: of ; three-fourths of the t Im
mense" YcHOf Basin- is entirely^ practica
ble even 1 without '■■ the' proposed > work on
the ; Sacramento River ; proper. . : A sys
tem of canals Is provided for, to accom
plish s speedy.; reclamation} of all over
flowed lands -tpendingithe]: flushing .of
the river Channel ■ to such an ' extent ; as
to" enable ritUoJcarfy off all flood waters-
Andrew Anderson, Arrested on Suspicion of
M Says He
: W Crimea
[BOL.IX.raTX> WHO WAS ARRESTED TESTEHDAT MORNIXO IN OAKLAND BY PATROLMAN 1 JACK SHERRY AND WHO8B
BOASTFUL. REMARK AT THE TIME O*' HIS CAPTURE LEADS TO THE BELIES* THAT HE KNOWS THB IDENTITY
S-r-'-il OF POLICEMAN' GEORGE- BROWN'S MURDERER. • . •
BOARD ORDERS FOUR SIINOR
THEATERS TO. BE: CLOSED
Licenses Are Disapproved Because of
•cbv:' .■: Adverse Report of Clty.V"
- ; Architect.
' President Schmitz of "the: Board of
Works yesterday sent; the 'following
letter relative. to the licenses. of minor
theaters, , fo~ur ■ of .which ; are . disap
proved and- ordered ■ closed :- _.
"SAN/FRANCISCO, < Dec. '2 4/ 1 9 04.—
Hon. E." J." 'Smith,\Tax Collector," City
and County •' of - San ; Francisco— Dear
Sir: ; On- behalf of this department!
wish' to 7 notify you' that' upon-. the :*ad^
verse report; of the City Architect the
applications ifor .licenses are hereby
disapproved in the cases *ol the Novelty
Theater, Powell street,~-near Ellis ; • the
Unique. Market street; between Mason
and p Taylor; .-.the'' Lyceum, / ' Seventh
street, /-between ■ Market*, and Mission,
and . the Cin'eograph,^ Market street, be
tween" Third and. ' Fourth". -;.-..-.» '- , : \^ : y
"In .regard ;to ;the ; application^ of the
Alcazar ■.Theater for a: license I am re
liably: informed • that / the v "alterations
recommended ;by this department have
been made 'and I would". therefore re
quest'- that | you .suspend j action. ; In this
particularVcase.until afurther,Inspec
tion can be made by theBoard of Piib
liceWorks.; .'.■>■« , V -* ; / • >
'"Your.l attention : is •, further ;. respect
fully called ' to section : 1 of .ordinance
No.; 88," which makes "the* approval, in
.writings of ,theVBoa.r<l^of .Public L Works
requisite . for; the" issuance ' of a:theatri
cal? license, -.and, : ihtylew . of . the fact
that ' said necessary, r approval Is here
by denied by; this department, I^would
> respectfully :- recommend , ;that ithe ; ap
plications j.be -; r ?J? ct ed^ and i. that ryou
take I; immediate;' steps;- to", -.close*- __the
places of amusement herein. mentioned
M?b«insfdIsVpprpvejarojf^^^
'of5publiciWorks1"f,;^ V /"/; fi/iit
"A.drearo ,'of , pleasure,'; the "new two' for
quarter size .'American*. ;$2.75 boxjSS. 1 ; '[?;*!■*
Pages 35 to 44
OAKLAND, Dec 24.— Armed 'with a
big revolver and provided with a black
mask such as are used by footpads and
burglars, "Andrew Anderson, , thought
by the police to be the slayer of Police
man,George W. Brown, waa arrested at
the foot of Broadway • this morning, by
Policeman Jack Sherry. While at the
callbox- awaiting arrival of the patrol
wagon the prisoner said: "Well, we got
one of you -fellows the other night any
way," • and this remark has made the
police doubly suspicious of 'Anderson,
j - Policeman" Sherry's attention was at
tracted -to ' Anderson, who was waiting
to - take ". the" creek route boat to San
Francisco, " by his suspicious actions.
After watching the man for a few
moments Sherry covered Anderson with
his revolver, and ordered him to keep
his hands away from his pockets. For
a ' moment Anderson • hesitated, but
Sherry's pistol proved an effective ar
gument- and he, submitted with bad
erace. - When : searched by Sherry a
44-caliber • revolver" and a black mask
were ; found in his* pockets. Satisfied
that he had : captured a dangerous
crook, Sherry handcuffed his prisoner
and took 1 him to the lockup. While
waiting »for l the arrival ; of the • patrol
'wagon, the prisoner made . the remark
quoted heretofore."
'Anderson Is not unknown to the Oak
land police. He "was arrested by Police
man .W. I: Hodgkins, lncompany with
"Cuptil" Clement and Nick Jim for vio
lating" the sleeping-out ordinance. The
three^ were' arrested on December 14.
Both j were released on the following
day.'.- Two; days later.on the evening
of • December" 17, " Policeman ' Brown was
shot and killed, at Broadway and Twen
ty-sixth streets. bgHJjj
'•In his statement' to the police Ander
son said: ;.-, "I live in San Francisco and
kin &' sailor ; and ~ longshoreman by oc
cupation.'I* have been out of work re
cently,' and ' h"ad the mask and -pistol
.with ".which to' commit "a robbery. I
.made ; ud ■' my mind • that- 1 would take
a .chance sif "• I met any one who had
money! ; .The' only rreason that 1 did not
SAYS CONDUCTOR BOASTS
OF """THOSE HE HAS TTTT.T/ETT>
Mrs. Taylor's Talo of Cruelty— One
Man Has Been Legally Separated
From Four Wives.
That her .husband has boasted of
killing two men, of kicking the Ufa
out of passengers on his train and be
ing entirely willing: to kick the Ufa
out of her are listed' in the allega
tions of inhumanity charged by Nettie
J. Taylor against Marvin L. Taylor, a
Southern Pacific conductor. They xrer*
married in 1896 at St. Louis.
Other suits for divorce were filed
by Gertrude H. Brown against Fred
W. Brown, intemperance and cruelty.
, and Hedwig Scholz against Frank
Scholz, intemperance and neglect.
Four. wives of Harry A. Clark, who
is supposed to be at Astoria, Or., hav«
successively rid themselves of an un
desirable mate — two by divorce and
two by annullment of the marriage
contract- As Clark is only 44 years
old he may yet succeed in augment
ing the number -of disillusioned better
halves. The last of the quartet, Lillian
M. Clark, married him in November,
1900. and yesterday. Judga Kdrrigan
t annulled the union.
. Judge Kerrigan granted a divorce
to May Cline from Philip Cline, a
member of the Fire Department. They
■were married In 1902 and he has
treated her cruelly.
hold any one up is that I did not coma
across any one."
Policeman Sherry said that for sev
eral days he had seen the man going
to San Francisco In the morning and
returning at night, and this morning
Anderson's actions became so suspi
cious that he\ decided to arrest him.
The records of the Police Department
show that Anderson was arrested in
this city about nine years ago. It was
then suspected that he had a hand In
a series of hold-ups which were com
mitted at that time, but proof was lack-
Ing and he was released.36
FRANCE TO WAR
UPON THE MOORS
Ports Will Be Seized Un
less the Sultan Heed
the Demands for Redress
FOREIGNERS IN
Great Britain Orders Its
Subjects to Immediately
Leave the City of Fez
' PARIS, Dec. 24.— The crisis in Moroc
co is assuming a warlike aspect, lead
ing the Government to consider all
eventualities, JncludtagT the possibility
and even the probability of the occupa
tion of a chain- of sir or seven of the
most Important ports, giving France
control of the Moroccan customs and
with the outer world.
This will not be definitely determined
until the Sultan responds to the French
demands for redress. - The occupation
of ports is considered to be more effec
tive than a naval demonstration, as
the United States' .demonstration at
Tangier showed that the Moroccans' are
unmoved unless a demonstration is ac
companied by coercion, even the seiz
ure of ports not bringing the Sultan- to
terms, . . v .„ v. ... ii"' J 1*& .
' France is able to send a military ex
pedition from Algeria. The ' French
troops in Algeria number 50,000 j and
they are easily lhcreasable by ' 80,000,
;whereas. the . Sultan's army._does...not
exceed S00O men.
However, Foreign Minister. Delcasse
is moving cautiously and still is hope
ful that a resort to force will be un
necessary. Care also is being taken to
avoid the Sultan proclaiming a holy
war which would arouse the Moham
medan fanatics.
TANGIER, Dec. 24.— The British
Minister has instructed . tbe^ British
Consul and all British subjects to leave
Fez. It is believed that all other lega
tions will similarly instruct people of
their nationalities.
GRADUAL PASSING AWAY
OF THE LIGHTNING ROD
Out of Favor, Though Still Credited
With Some Slight
Value.
Lightning rods have fallen into deep
disfavor almost everywhere nowadays,
.but they are valued least by the hasty
'pt'ople who once valued them most,
•and those who really know the most
about them still credit them with a
measurable, though small, amount of
'protective power- — if properly con
structed and maintained, as they hard
ly ever are. For those who consider
even a slight diminution of the dan
ger of lightning worth securing at
some expense in money and a good
deal of care, the Weather Bureau of
fers information and advice- for it by
Professor W. S. Franklin of Lehigh
University.
The lirst desideratum is what the
electricians call a "good ground" — that
is, clo.«c and permanent connection with
a large mass of high electrical conduc
tivity, like damp soil or an extensive
cystc-m of metallic pipes. The lightning
rod itt=elf should be a wide band, a thin
v.ailed tube or a wire cable, rather than
a stolid wire, tor go is the conductivity
of a given amount of metal largely in
creased. And of extreme importance
is it that the course of the rod to the
ETound should be as short and straight
as possible. If ihe pathway provided
for the "bolt" be devious the Impatient
messenger from— or to — the clouds will
not follow it, no matter hoV much is
spent for glass and other Insulators,
while if the path be straight the Insula
tors are needless for any charge the rod
can carry.
What happens when a good light
nine rod is put to test is thus de
scribed b;',a man who went through
the experience at a mountain hotel in
this State: "I was standing on the pi
azza when the most tremendous shock
or concussion conceivable took place. I
had a sudden sun dazzle in the eyes, a
bitter taste In the mouth, a violent
singing in the ears, a pungent, sulphur
ous odor In the nose and a severe head
ache. Then I learned that the house
had been struck by lightning; that is
to eay, that the conductors had func
tioned .effectively and had safely con
ducted the electricity into the lake, in
stead of the discharge falling upon the
hotel and wrecking if— New York
Times. -• :.:';■: t
Lord Minto's Hoodoo.
It is said that Lady MInto, the wife
of the late Governor General of Can
ada, believes that the position her hus
band occupied is hoodooed. During the
first three years there were many ex
citing incidents and several accidents,
but the last was rather too full of ex
traordinary and dangerous . events.
Here is a list: Lord and Lady Mlnto
were taking their farewell of the coun
try where they have been so popular,
and the train in which they were trav
eling collided with another, with the
result that five passengers were killed
and many injured. The viceregal
parly escaped only because their car
riage happened to be the last. In 1900
Lord Minto took an active part In fight
ing the fire at Ottawa and risked his
life several times. In 1902 he narrowly
escaped drowning through the breaking
'of the ice bridge over the St. Lawrence.
Early in the present year Lady Mlnto
was unfortunate enough to break her
leg while Bkating, and before she was
able to move a fire broke out in the
Government House, from which she
had to be rescued on a stretcher.
Life of Locomotives.
In this country the general method is
to run a locomotive for a limited num
ber of years, and then to relegate it to
the scrap heap" In favor of a more mod
ern type of engine. On the other aide,
however, the practice is to -retain a
locomotive in* service as long as it" will
run, irrespective of the developments
and improvements that may be incor
porated in the progress of time. The
result is that upon the English rail
roads may be seen engines still in hard
use which we should consider long past
their term of service. Yet no English
-engine has attained the unique distinc
tion achieved by • the locomotive No.
0S5 "Charles Dickens," upon the Lon
don and Northwestern Railway, which
has covered clvse upon 2,100,000 miles in
.haulage, of express trains since, 1882.—
Scientific American.
ELOPES WITH
BROTHER'S WIFE
Joseph Craig Wins Love of
Sister - in - Law and She
Leaves Home and Husband
ALARM
TAKES HER LITTLE ONES
Deserted Spouse Intends to
Follow the Erring Ones to
Iowa to Secure Revenge
Special Dispatch to Tb« Call.
| . SAN : " BERNARDINO". Dec. '2 4.— This
will be a dismal Christmas for Clark
Craig. He had been working- hard for
the Arrowhead Reservoir Company in
; Little Bear Valley; and, returned home
to-day to find his wife and five little
ones gone with, bis brother.
•' It is more than a year since Clark
Craig went to work In a mine on the
desert. He sent home on an average
$100 a month, but when he returned on
a visit some seven or eight months ago
he discovered that his. wife had piled
up an indebtedness of several hundred
■. dollars. His brother, Joseph Craig,
had been-stopplng at the* house and he
promised to go to work and help pay
off the bills. - - .
- When Clark returned home-to-day he
was dismayed to find a letter from his
wife ..under the door.^ There, was dust
on the furniture and the deserted look
of the" place made Clark hesitate about'
owning, the .letter, hut. he .ftnajly. tore
open the envelope. The faithless wife
thanked him. for- his kindness, to her in
the past and said she had -gone with
his brother, who had won her love. \i
Olark -' had lined his pockets with
money to make a merry Christmas for
his wife and little ones, but'thesincmey
will now be used to secure revenge. He
sought out the District . Attorney, and
learned- that' nothing; could be done for
him.' Then" he set- out . to : hunt; up
his wife and traitorous 'brother end
learned that \ they are in Iowa. He
will follow them and the meeting will
be a lively one.
SANITARY HOUSING
FOR WORKING PEOPLE
What Is Being; Done in Germany In
That Most Needful
Direction.
According to United States Commer
cial Agent Harris at Eibenstock, a
great deal is being done in Germany
fcr the benefit of the working people,
especially in the matter of providing
them with suitable dwellings. Large
manufacturing establishments, munici
pal bodies, charitable organizations and
private-" speculators, Mr. Harris saya,
have each and all done much toward
bettering the hygienic conditions and
general welfare of the skilled workman
and his family in every part of the em
pire, j Since 1842, the Prussian Govern
ment has expended about $2,000,000 in
dwelling houses for the coal miners in
the district of Saarbrucken and the, mi
ners repay the loan by monthly install
ments' without . interest. . \
Similar methods were adppted with
success by. the royal munition factory
at Spandau. The building societies of
Gladbach, Barmen, Dresden and other
cities of the empire have also proved
successful In that respect. The Krupp
establishment at Essen takes the lead
In providing comfortable houses and
cottages for the laboring classes. In
1901 the value of the dwellings used
exclusively by its workmen was
$8,875,000. There were 1600 houses
of two rooms each, 1869 houses of
three rooms each, 448 houses of four
rooms each, 150 houses of five rooms
each, 63 houses of six rooms each and
84 houses of seven rooms each, mak
ing a total of 4274 houses. During the
past ten years a great improvement
has taken place in the conditions sur
rounding the dwellings of laborers and
the Increased attention on the part of
municipal authorities to sanitary ar
rangements .and the police laws
against too many persons occupying
one room. Commercial Agent Harris
says, have had a salutary Influence-
Washington Star.
HAD A BLACK SKIN,
BUT HEART WAS RIGHT
Strong Tribute Paid to Colored
• Man by Virginia
Paper.
In recording the death of Albert Com
fort, the oldest colored man in Spott
sylvania County, our Frederlcksburg
correspondent relates that during the
war, when rations were scarce, this no
ble colored man borrowed a team and
wagon, went to Frederlcksburg and se
cured supplies 'from the Federal troops
on the ground that they were Intended
for needy colored people, but In point
of fact he made his perilous journey on
behalf of his mistress and her children,
of whom, in the absence of the white
men of the family, he was the protec
tor. This was done at the risk of his
own life, for before he reached home
he was arrested, court-martialed and
sentenced to-be shot, but upon the plea
of 'prominent citizens of Spottsylvanla
the War Department relented, and set
the noble prisoner free.
This was no exceptional black man.
He was a type. There were thousands
upon thousands of other black men like
him throughout the length and
breadth of the Southern States, loyal
and devout to the families who owned
them, choosing bondage "such as it was,
and affliction great as it was, with old
miss and the children rather than the
pleasures of freedom at the. North . to
i be obtained by desertion. The«war pro
duced many heroes among the men and
many heroines among the women, and
it is right that their .glorious deeds
should.be recorded, and that their
praises should be sung. But never to be
forgotten in that .struggle are the Al
bert Comforts, whose faces were dark,
but whose hearts were pure and whose
loyalty and fidelity were equal to any
sacrifice. We should like to see in' ev
ery State of the South a monument to
the memory- of those devout, heroes in
black. — Richmo'nd Times-Dispatch .
Mrs. Goodwin— Sarah Snelling has
promised to marry Fred Simmons and
she has also promised herself to Harry
Killings. I think it is disgraceful.
Aunt. Jane— It Is; a. little unconven
tional, I must admit; but Sally, as you
have often said yourself, is such an en
gaging creature, you know.— Boston
Transcript.
THE - SAN FRANCISCO . CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1904.
BISHOP TALBOT
AGAIN ACCUSED
Old Charge Against \ the
Pennsylvania Episcopal
Prelate Is to Be Pressed
WILL BE INVESTIGATED
Conspiracy to Ruin Clergy
man at a Woman's Be
hest Is. the Allegation
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Dec. 25.— The World
has a ;long story to the effect that a
renewal of an old charge is to *be
pressed- against Episcopal .Bishop Tal
bbt of ' Central Pennsylvania. The
charge was made in the triennial gen
eral convention of the Protestant Epis
copal Church ! In San Francisco two
years ago. Briefly, it was to the effect
that Rev. Ingraham N. W. Irvine had
been forced from his pulpit in St.
Paul's Church in Huntingdon, Pa., by
Bishop Talbot, in order ! to please - a
woman arid, gratify, her spite.
Irvine's charge' fell- through.; Now
powerful supporters have, been rallied
to his aid and there is to be a com
plete Investigation . that will be sensa
tional in the extreme.
The; Bisho'p* wrote an Indiscreet con
fidential letter denouncing Irvine as a
mdrister of vice. 'This letter is now
part.af the presentment against Bishop
Talbot. It not only charges Bishop
Talbot with,, conspiracy^ with : a .woman
fo ruin Irvine, but It fla'tly^accuses him
of a dishonorable use of the names of
fellow Blshopsi' : - -••
'The Bishops . now dragged , Into the
amazing case are: Bishop : Potter o'f
New York/ Bistiop Seymour .of Illi
nois, Bishop ■ , Whltaker of .Philadel
phia, Bishop- Whitehefetd of Pittsburg,
Bishop , Doane of Albany, Bishop
Adams of Maryland and Bishop Scar
borough of Trenton.- •
SUBWAY AIR SHOULD BE
PUMPED OUT,- SAYS YERKES
■ •
London : Underground Railway Mag-
nate Tells of Ventilation
. in That City.
Charles T. Yerkes, the Chicago capi
talist and financier, who returned re
cently from Germany on the overdue
liner Kaiser Wllhelm der Grosse, had
something to say about subways, sub
way air, and subway signs, which is
of interest to New Yorkers. Mr. Yerkes
is at the head of the companies which
are constructing two new London un
derground railways and the company
which is electricity as the
motor power for the two old "tubes." 1
"The British people," said he, "have
been traveling underground for thlrty
five years. Their trains, have been
hauled by steam locomotives - which'
used coal for fuel. The ventilation is
poor, and the air to me Is extremely
noxious. . Londoners, however, don't
seem to mind it. In fact, they are rath
er proud of it, and say that the 'tube'
atmosphere Is a sure cure; for hay fe
ver. At present we- are changing the
motive power of the two old subways
from steam to electricity, When we
have finished, the bad smell will quick
ly disappear."
"In the tube line of the Central Lon
don Company a system of ventilation
was not provided for— they thought the
motion of trains would .push out the
air and bring about a contaant change
of atmosphere. This system is all right
as far as light gases are concerned, but
carbon dioxide, the worst of the poison
ous gases, is heavy, and remains in the
tunnels. They have had to rig up a
gigantic ' air pump, and every night
they pump out the foul air. ,- . - -,
"We have hit upon a new scheme,
and have put in ventilators at every
statibn. Each night the bad air Is
drawn out, Just as it is in well-regulat
ed mines.. I think that is the way to
do in all subway's. We have also elimi
nated all inflammable material from
our subways— the cars, platforms,
roadbed, «ven the signs, are of metaj
or asbestos. j There is nothing that- will
burn in the equipment of the railro/d
or tunnels." f
When told of the .heated discussion
which is being waged Qver^he pres
ence of advertising signs fin' the New
York subway,. Mr. Yerkes seemed sur
prised. ;■ r :
"Advertising signs, when used judi
ciously, are all right," said he. "In
fact, there is one very strong point in
their favor— they relieve the monot
ony of otherwise bare walls. In Lon
don there is no objection to their use
and in Paris they are really a feature
of all public places— largely ' because ■
of their artistic excellence. There the
best illustrators make advertising
posters." — -New York Commercial.
Will Try fo r Auto Cup.
Albert Clement, the. French rider, who
participated in the Vanderbilt automo
bile cup race, has sailed for Paris. , A
few days after -his arrival there he will
enter upon. three years of military duty.
While in ; the French army* he will act
as special automobile driver to the gen
eral in chief, 'driving him on all mili
tary inspections, army maneuvers, #St
During these. three years he is in th«|
army young Clement will be allowed to'
Indulge In' automobile' racing to his'
•heart's content. He will be allowed am
ple time to prepare his machine for any
race he may enter— in short, his army
servico will in; no way interfere with
his racing. He has definitely announced •,
that he will come over and: drive in'
next year's Vanderbilt ? cup race, and in '
'his broken English added: "Next time ■
I get it."— Chicago Chronicle. 7 .
Finny Freak of Nature.
One of nature's freaks, in the. shape
of a reed fish, is on exhibition in J. E.'
Standley's curio shop, on the water
front of Seattle. This interestlng^peci- .
men may be best' described as half "ahi- ■'■
mal and half vegetable life.* It is six
feet long;. The reed apparently grows
out of the flsh while the latter carries
a covering" over the reed, hence the
dual animal and vegetable life. This
reed flsh was taken on Hood canal four •
days ago by John Riggs;' a tugboat
man. It stands erect in ! pools of salt
water. Thoifyh long and lithe and to
every appearance a vegetable product, ';
the," thing has a head and eyes. It was I
caught with a salmon hook.-^-Exchange. '
"DR." DENIES
WOMAN'S STORY
William Proctor Says That
He Did Not Bunko Mrs.
Fleming Out of Her Home
BOUGHT HER PROPERTY
Claims to Have Purchased
White ; Sulphur Springs,
but Enterprise Was Failure
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
-• - - 1016 Broadway, Dec. -24.
; Dr.. William. Proctor, who_ is accused
by. Mrs.. Emily Tyson pf. having robbed
her' of two- diamond rings and $108 in
cash; made a statement to-rnight deny
ing'the accusations of Mrs. H. A. D.
Fleming of 223 Turk street, San Fran
cisco, and Mrs. Caroline Nielsen of 1418
Eighth avenue, both of whom say that
they were victims of his trickery.
Proctor said: • ■
"This. woman who calls herself Flem
ing and accuses me of bunkoing her out
of her home at White Sulphur Springs
never owned the property in question,
and furthermore her name is not Flem
ing, but is Mrs. Henry. She purchased
a lot of furniture .and some other per
sonal property from Mr. Taylor, the
proprietor of the springs, and got a
lease on the hotel there.
"Mrs. Henry failed to make the place
pay and advertised the furniture for
sale. I answered the advertisement,
and, after arranging the terms of .the
sale, I took over the lease and pur
chased, the .furniture. While she was In
charge of the springs Mrs. Henry, or
Fleming, mortgaged the furniture, and
I 'also assumed ' this mortgage. . I also
failed to make the place payi and later
the furniture was taken by Mr. Perry,
the' man who held 'the mortgage, so it
was myself and not "Mrs. Fleming who
lost the property.
"Regarding this. Mrs. Nielsen or Nel
son, ail I- know of her. is that I once
fixed a pair of glasses for her. •
"Of the Tyson case I do not care to
say anything at present, except that I
do not deny that I borrowed $108 from
her, but.it was. purely a business prop
osition." :" - ■• . .. ... -
OAKLAND STORES ABE
ROBBED OF SMALL AMOUNTS
Burglars Lay tor • Supply of Oysters
and Ducks to Satisfy Their'
' Yuletide Hunger. ' • '
OAKLAND, Dec. 24. — Burglars en
tered two stores in the Produce Ex
change last night but got little booty.
At Fred Sinclair's, the thieves took $2
worth [of- postage stamps. Fossing &
Gallagher's was also entered, but
nothing was tak'en. ' ",
? .. A. flsh mark'et at 875." Wood street
was broken into jastnight^and some
ducks and a quantity of oysters were
stolen. The -market * is •. owned «;by
Charles Pistonfc, i; -^ir-U V > '* '.\ '
Mrs. Taylor 6f;219-.Tenth ; street re
ported to the? police to-day that she
discovered a burglar in "her house- last
night, but 'the' growler 'escaped before
an alarm' could be" given. Nothing, of
value was taken.
WIZARD, EDISON'S . VIEWS
'■' ON ELECTROCUTION
Says That Action of Dynamic Current
" Is"' Too Capricious for
. - !- Such l. T so A
Thomas A. Edison has settled down
to the life of a country gentleman un
der the shadow of the New. Jersey
mountains. Americans are inclined to
forget ' that, his ls.;.one of the great
■names of the world. Anent this fact
1 recall an interview with,Pasteur, the
immortal French ';'^8.;eri6loE*at,»-"a
which he said, with. int. simple and un
affected vanity .of {av-Krenchman j i] „„•
• "Your -Edison is. n; great' t^aa. Whtn
the/history of our generation comos W
bejwritten : two nariiesf -that .'will stanU
oM most prominently- in.. £cicH?» will .
J^-hlS nnH-Tnlng," , ' n' ' „," V : - '■'""•
"^L . General ChalTcc's Uniform. : jjJ -,
| • Department , officials and era-'
ploye\are unable to make up their
•minds whether' the joke is- or Is not
on General Chaffee. While he was in
the Far West last, summer Inspecting
army posts the order . issued during
the Spanish, war requiring officers on
duty in the War Department to wear
their uniforms during office hours was
rescinded and since then the wearing
of uniforms at the department has
been abandoned. That is, it hasWith
one important The excep
tion is | General Chaffee, the ranking
officer ; of the army, who appears at
his desk 'every day- in his' military at
tire,- Including the three stars ..on each
shoulder, indicating hia rank. ; . Either
he does^notrknow of "the. latest order
on .the subject: or; he does not, care.
Naturally .none.- of his "subordinates
feel called on to. suggest a>change, so
that General Chaffee continues . : con
splcubus'aa .the only • man in : uniform
■ in -' the • War Department.— Chicago
Chronicle..' ••r.< : .'.-. ;-v. • =■.,,. ■■■r'')
Thelless a. man; has to say s the
greater; is ?his reputation for wisdom.
SAILORS' TOGS
HIS WEAKNESS
Energetic Negro Boards
Ships and Steals From*
the Lockers of Seamen
BELGIAN COUNT LOSER
Titled Apprentice Misses His
Coat and George Williams
Wears It Until Arrested
George Williams, a negro, was ar
rested last night by Detectives Mc-
Gcfwan and Conlan and Policeman Joy
and will be required to face many
charges of burglary. He has made a
practice of boarding vessels tied up* at
wharves, robbing sailors' rooms. When
captured last night he was wearing a
portion of the wearing apparel belong
ing to. Edward Vander linden, a. Belgian
count, who is an apprentice on the
British ship Lynton. The property of
men of other ships completed his ward
robe.
Early yesterday morning Williams
was detected in the act of robbing a
stateroom on the German ship Europa
by the watchman, Albert Osberry. He
started to make his "escape and was
running across the deck when the
watchman called upon him to halt.^ In
stead of complying Williams drew a
revolver and . pointed it at . the sailor.
The latter, being unarmed, permitted
him to escape, but was In a good posi
tion to get an accurate description of
the thief.
For the past couple of weeks reports
havVcome in from the British ships
Eva Montgomery and Lynton and the
German ship Europa that thieves had
visited them. The thefta on the Eva
Montgomery consisted of jewelry and
clothing worth about $200; on the Lyn
ton clothing worth $300 and on the'Eu
ropa clothing worth $100. Three sep
arate robberies were committed on the
Europa. On each occasion the negro
was seen, but gave as an excuse for
his presence' that he was either looking
for a job or was seeking a friend.' '.It
was not until early yesterday morning
that Detectives McGowan and Conlan
became satisfied that Williams was the
man who was wanted. ■ > *
When searched at the City Prison
Williams was wearing -the," cbat of the
Belgian count, the overcoat of another
sailor on the Lynton, the hat -of a Ger
man sailor, and he was stocked with a
supply :of handkerchiefs on which 'were
stamped the names of j seamen i robbed.'
The watchman . on the Europa, who
was repulsed with the pistol, was called
to the prison by the detectives and
without hesitation pointed out Williams
as the man who had threatened him.
Several of the stolen suits of clothes
have been recovered.: .Williams V will
have : several charges of burglary-en
tered against his name on Monday.
Accused of Embezzlement
"William Fluegler, a. 'collector, was
arrested > last evening in Willows and
will be held pending the arrival of a
detective from this city. It is alleged
that Fluegler embezzled $185 from the
American Biscuit Company, money
that he had collected and 'was sup
posed'to have turned into the treasury
of the 'firm.' Though $T8E is 'given as
the- specific amount, it is said that
Fluegler's ; shortage will amount to a
great deal more. .
Knocked Down by a Cable Car.
Patrick Reilly of 204 Oak street
did not see a car combig in the oppo
site direction- last night when he
stepped off a Market-street car oppo
site Fourth street and before Jie
could cross the track the car knocked
him down.. The grlpman immediate
ly applied the brake? and Reilly, sus
talrieTlmt a few slight bruises about
the head."- He was treated at the Cen
tral'Emergency Hospital.
Election Contest Is Settled.
,; s WILLOWS, Dec. 24.— The election
■.con.le.st over the Supervlsorship in the
•Fifth District. in Glenn County, was
decided Friday in favor of J. W. Al
bery, the Democratic candidate; who
was declared elected by the election
officers. C. O. Davidson, the defeated
candidate, contested the election, al
leging irregularities. - The Superior
Court held that the election was valid
and that Albery wag entitled to" the
office.
Find Iron. In a Life Buoy.
. VICTORIA, B. C. Dec. 24.— A sen
sation was caused among shipping
men ' here by the discovery by work
men of a piece of iron concealed in
the cork of a life buoy taken from a
local steamer for repairs.. The Iron
was seemingly placed there ; to make
the weight of the buoyB equal to the
requirements of the law.
Michigan. "Clas 9 of '7P.*'
The class of '70 in Ohio Wesleyan
University Is quite noted in that in
stitution. It included John Hamilton,
who was Governor of Jllinois; Mr. Pat
tison, president of the. Union Central
Life Insurance Company, and the first
member of the class to be elected to
Congress; Senator Foraker, three times
nominated for Governor of Ohio and
twice elected; Senator Fairbanks,
recently . « elected Vice ■ President;
.George Atchlson, formerly Governor of
West Virginia; Bishop. Hoss of the
Methodist Episcopal Church South; R.
M. Nevin, Representative ,from the
Dayton district in . Ohio, and D. " K.
Watson, twice Attorney General of
Ohio, once Representative from the Co
lumbus district, and now on the-com
mission for the revision of the laws of
the United States. Fourteen other mem
bers have been upon the bench in. Ohio
and other States.— Washington Post."
Anti-Emigration Society.
The labors of the Irish Anti-Emigra
tion Society, an organization formed
last year, do .not appear to have -.been
attended with much success.- .The"emi
gration; from the i south and , west of
Ireland, from which the outflow chiefly
takes place, has shown no sign of dim
inishing. In 1300 - the- : emigration
through the port of Cork to the^United
States amounted to 27405; -h»,.1901,
22,450; in 1902, 23,440, and 1903, 24,412.
For- .the eight months of -the present
year . the':, figures are-: 18,512,. 'while . for
the corresponding eight months of • last
year the returns was 17,76?.—Indiana
polis, News.
STRANGE HOBBY
OF RICH MAN
Likes to Build Monuments to
Honor Memory of Heroes of
Revolution and Late Wars
PLAIN ONE FOR HIMSELF
Intends to Gratify Peculiar
Desire as Long as He Lives.
$100,000 Cost Up to JQate
"Libraries may be all right for. Car
negie, but. my money goes into monu
ments," recently remarked John O.
Taylor, retired business man and Quak
er of West Chester, Pa.
In these few words Mr. Taylor. Indi
cated the hobby of his lifetime; a hobby
which has - developed into a mania
probably the most remarkable brain
kink possessed by any man in the
United States, and one of the most
costly.
Up to date Mr. Taylor's collection of
monuments has cost over $60,000, and
plans already perfected carry the
amount of his expenditures in sight
to over $100,000. And he does- not pro
pose to stop until he has exhausted
his fortune, reserving, only a sufficient
amount .to see that his beloved monu
ments are'kept In good condition after
he has been called to his fathers.
The scene of Ms operations is in the
old Lafayette burying ground, adjoin
ing Birmingham Meeting House, of
revolutionary fame, about five miles
from West Chester.
Mr. Taylor began his monument
building years ago. His wife lay
buried in the ancient cemetery, and
after the erection o£ a handsome trib
ute to hor memory', he started to beau
tify the place generally, planning fig
ures to mark historical events. In some
of which his ancestors participated, to
gether with others commemorating
matters and "figures of biblical lore.
• But his plans were not to be exe
cuted without a determined struggle.
Trustees . of the cemetery looked
askance at the dazzling marbles, and
the costly figures . in the heretofore
plain old burying ground and finally
he was stopped in his work by order
of the board. • • -
CONTROLS THE CEMETERY.
Mr. Taylor, however, had no Intention
of abandoning his cherished idea. He
saw that, as matters stood, he could bo
no further, so he bided his time, worked
quietly and said little.
In 1891, to the surprise of the board
of trustees, he secured enough stock' to
give him control of the cemetery com
pany, and at the election succeeded In
ousting the "anti-tombstoners" and
electing a board whose ideas were In
harmony with his own. .
The election contest was waged with
extreme bitterness, and every man and
woman who owned a lot In the ceme
tery was importuned to turn out.
It was • a complete victory for the
monument builder and he was chosen
president of the new board. The "antl
tombstoners" were .routed and shortly
after Mr." Taylor took up his monument
plans in earnest and he has since made
the old burying ground famous
throughout the . country. Mr. Taylor
says he will provide for the protection. I
of his monuments for 100 years after he
Is, dead, and those who know the char
acter'of the man have no doubt that he
will" make his word good. ' His whole
heart and soul' appears to be wrapped'
up in the ancient burying ground and
he will devote his entire fortune to it.
The conventional towering pillars
surmounted by statues or the low
stones on which are reclininff lambs are
not satisfactory to Mr. Taylor, and his
collection of monuments indicates that
he has his own Ideas as to designs and
the Independence of mind to refuse to
have them Interfered with by any rule
of cutters of gravestones. He appears
to-be especially fond of statuary, as
there are several places in his monu
ments. All of these figures are carvel
In marble by a celebrated sculptor at
Carrara, Italy, and then shipped to this
country.
IHS FAMILY LOT.
At the head of his private lot. where
in lie the remains of his father, mother,
wife and other relatives, he has erected
an imposing shaft on the top of which,
in a graceful kneeling pose. Is a.life
size statue of his wife Jn white marble,
while at the foot, stand white marble
statues of the Savior, the Virgin Mary
and St. Joseph.
All of these statues have biblical in
scriptions; they are incased in glass
to protect them from the elements.- and
are among the most beautiful, speci
mens of statuary art In the country.
Mr. " Taylor' 8 family lot is close to
the main entrance to the " cemetery.
Near the gateway is a massive granite
monument, about twelve feet In height,
surmounted by a large ball, erected to
the memory of the monument, builder's
great-grandfather, Colonel Isaac Tay
lor, who was a member of General
Anthony Wayne's staff.
ALL READY FOR HIMSELF.
In the family burial lot there is
but one space left for the dead, and
this has been reserved by Mr. Taylor
for> himself. He has had his grave dug.
walled and cemented, and when . his
time .comes all that will be necessary
will be the raising of a heavy granite
slab and lowered the coffin to the place
prepared for It..
1 A few yards distant stands the Im
posing shaft erected to the memory of
General Lafayette. It is built of srran
ite.on a pyramid base, and stands
forty-five feet high. It Is Mr. Taylor's
purpose eventually to cap it with a
bronze statue of the distinguished
Frenchman. At the foot of the shaft
there are places at the four corners of
the capstone for .the busts of four
French .officers who participated in the
battle of Brandywine. Their names
and the dates of their birth are chiseled
thus in the granite:
General Lafayette, born September 6,
1757; died May 2, 1834.
Caesimer Count Pulaskl, born 1747;
died 1791. at sea.
General Count Jean Rochambeau.
born 1725: died 1807, in France.
General Marquis St. Simons, born
1760: died 1S25, in France. •
There are other inscriptions upon the
tablets, including General Lafayette's
toast at a banquet in West Chester.
July 26, 1825.- :
MAD ANTHONY'S' MEMORY.
It is likely that the next monument
to be erected by "Mr. Taylor will be one
td the memory of "Mad" Anthony
Wayne. There Is already built a mam
moth pedestal' for the statues of Count
Pulaekl and Daniel Wells and Henry
McComas. .The latter two were killed
at the battle of North Point. Consid
erable material Is now on the site for
the completion of the canopy, and
when It Is In readiness, the three stat
ues will be brought from Italy and
placed in their positions on this base.
A complete list of, the memorials so
far erected by the monument man are
as follows: To „-■ " .
Colonel Isaac "Taylor tereat-jn-and
father).
Henry'G. McComas, Daniel Wells and
Count Pulaski.
General Lafayette. '
Mrs. Taylor (wife).
PRINTING DONE
IN PHILIPPINES
Large Number of Natives Are
Employed as Typesetters
and Pressmen by Uncle Sam
SOON BECOME EXPERTS
Operate Linotype Machines
in One of the Most Modern
Offices in Whole World
An interesting statement, descriptive
of the Government printing office at
Manila and of the Filipino typoa em
ployed there by Uncle -Sam, was made
to-day to a Star reporter by Arthur
j P. Ferl, a recent employe of that far
away institution, but who is now set
ting type In the Government printing
office in this city:
"The Government printing offlca at
Manila," said Mr. Ferl, "employs near-
Jy 300 people, fifty of whom are Ameri
cans, the balance being Tagalogs, VI
sayans. Bicols, Igorotes and represent
atives from various other tribes from
one end of the archipelago to the other.
It Is no uncommon. thing to find two or
three boys working side by lid* who
cannot converse in their native tongu*
and these generally resort to Spanish,
which nearly all understand. They are
nearly all students and readily acquire
a knowledge of the .English language*.
The employes of this office axe required
to attend night school* so that now
every native who has been In the office
any length of time speaks English.
"It should be borne In mind that the
Manila printing office Is one of the most
modern Institutions In the world, hav
ing all the latest and most Improved
machinery for printing, folding, bind
ing, electrotyplng, photo-engraving,
etc.'- Many of the machines would
puzzle an American unless he was up
to-date and yet the natives are han
dling all these machines with such suc
cess that very few of tha American
employes are required to do more than
oversee the work.
NATIVE STAFF.
"In the 'front office* may be seen na
tive clerks, bookkeepers, stenographers
and typewriters and messengers. The
work In the proofroom Is done by
Americans with lady copyholders and a
few native readers and copyholders,
who handle the dialects and most of
the Spanish. In the composing room
there is an American foreman, two or
three linotype operators and several
others in such positions as makeup,
Imposer, etc., all of whom are 'instruc
tors,' while the fifty or more natives in
the room 'do the work.* Here may be
seen a native operating a double-deck
Mergenthaler with such ease and com
fort as would make an anti-machine
man's eyes pop out of his head, and,
while the average native cares even
less than we do for hard work, they
take to the machine as if they were
made for each other. • , . -
LINOTYPE OPERATORS.
"Of the twelve linotype machines In
the office ten are operated by our lit
tle brown brothers and with very fair
success. All Job work and blank work
Is done by natives. The copy must ba
carefully prepared, of course, and as
everything Is printed In English and
Spanish on the same sheet this is quite
a task. About the same proportion of
printers make good job printers as is
found among the Americans. - • •
"There is an American Printers*
Union in Manila, to which the natives
do not belong, but they have a society
among themselves which takes the
place of a union, as evidenced by an
incident that happened about a year
ago. We were very busy In tha office,
and did not propose to recognize a cer
tain church holiday, so a number of the
employes (natives) sent a note to the
Public Printer, which, while it waa
hardly English, meant: 'We under
stand that we have to work to-morrow,
but as it Is a holiday we do not intend
to do so." And they didn't.
LONG FINGER-N'AILS.
"All Filipinos who do no work have
three long fingernails— the thumb and
fore finger on the left hand, which th*
printers use as tweezers, and the little
finger on the right hand.
"It looks quite picturesque to see X0O
or 300 natives coming to work in th«
morning, ail dressed in white; but go
through the building fifteen minutes
after the whistle blows and what do we
see? The white suits have disappeared
and we behold a motley collection of
skinny brown arms and bony legs clad
in a scanty suit of underwear.
"While the office hours In the Manila
office are from 8 to 12 a. m. and 2 to
5 p. m., which would seem easy enough
for any one, it Is hard to keep the na
tive at work. He must take a rest
of two or three days every few weeks,
and on this account It is almost im
possible to put a native in any position
where there is any responsibility or
where he has charge of a number- of
men. When they, want to stay away
from the office they are required, to
furnish an excuse, and I recall one
man In particular who buried seven
children, his no:her and father and
several brothers and sisters In ona
year. They are like a lot of children
and have to be treated as such."—
Washington Star.
The Virgin Mary.
Jesus. -
Lazarus.
Sarah G. Taylor (sister).
Hannah G. Taylor (mother).
Thomas D. Taylor (father).
Hannah D. Taylor (aunt).
Isaac Taylor (uncle).
Mr. Taylor's child.
HOW ins DAYS GO.
When the weather is good he is accus
tomed to spend all his time at his
graveyard. He will go out In the morn-
Ing, day after day, and linger by the
sides of his monuments until the shades
of evening drive him away. The place
has become a Mecca for the public, and
hundreds of people, come from far and
near to view his expensive collection
of marble and granite. He ha3 made a
provision that when he shuffles oft
this mortal coil his body shall be frozen
hard and that there shall be no speak
ing at either the house or the grave.
He has already selected hla pallbearers.
A plain headstone will mark his own
grave; it has been selected and is all
ready for use.
' By mr.klr.g a bluff at being busy
some men are able tc dodge a lot of
work.FIGHT AGAINST
FROST BEGINS
Methods Employed in Fmncc
to Give Notice of Approach
of Much Dreaded Enemy
-MOVABLE SMUDGE GOOD
In Some Districts Artificial
Showers Are Produced to
Protect Endangered Crops
In his battle with the frost th
farmer must have news of the coming
cf the frost and many means for giv
ing warnlns have been employed. In
France frost bells are sounded when
a. frost Is expected and grape grow
ers protect their crops by pouring tar
on the ground among the vines and
setting it on fire. The smoke thus
made often saves the crop of an en
tire vineyard, a. fact of interest to
Americans, who are good customers of
the French grape growers, as is showa
by the demand for the cold bottle lo
accompany the hot bird.
In America there are districts
where It was formerly a practice to
maintain a regular messenger ser
vice that the weather bureau's predic
tions of frost might be promptly car
ried to farmers and fruit growers. To
day there are many places where,
"*-hen frost is predicted, the whistle
«n a factory in a village sends forth
notes of warning over the farming
country for miles around. In other
localities the news is given by tlags
placed where they can be seen at con
siderable distances.
More important than these aids to
the weather bureau, however, are the
rural free delivery, the telegraph and
the telephone. The telephone in many
regions is rapidly supplanting other
agencies and the officials of the Bell
telephone companies tell many stories
cf the way in which the news of the
coming of the frost is spread broad
cast. In 1903 nearly 30.000 villages
end farms received daily forecasts by
telephone and nearly S000 had ar
rangements for receiving special
earnings of frost and sudden storm.
In that single year the number of
place* receiving forecasts by tele
phone Increased by nearlv 20,000.
MOVABLE SMIDGK IS USED.
The farmer has a choice of several
.agencies in protecting his crops from
frost. Should a stranger in the coun
try district see at night the glow of
smoky fires mounted on carts and
drawn around a' field or orchard it
would be erroneous for the visitor to
Infer that the farmers were using
these perambulating bonfires for pur
poses of celebration. As a matter of
■fart, the movenble smudge is one of
the devices for repelling the advance
of the legions of General Jack Frost.
The purpose of the smudge is to
■create a smoke which hangs like a
cloud a i.'hcrt distance above the sur
face of the earth and imprisons the
heat, which would otherwise be radi
ated through the upper air. Smudges, '
both of the kind which are hauled
from place to place and those which
ere stationary, are used in the fruit
orchards of California, and other Pacific
Coast States, in the orange groves of
Florida and in the wheat fields of
the Dakotas.
While the smudge is used for the
purpose of creating a cloud of smoke
above the surface of the earth and im
prisoning the heat which .would other
wise be lost by radiation, fires of a
different kind are employed to actually
raise the temperature in an orchard.
Several years ago experiments were
tried in California in which oil was
used as fuel. It made a hot fire and
was neither expensive nor difficult to
manage, but as it covered the trees
and fruit with lampblack the system
•WKs not regarded as of great value.
Small coal fires, on the other hand,
give excellent results and in the orange
groves of California sometimes fifty of
them are started in a single acre. This
costs about J4 a night, but as the
oranges maturing en the trees In that
one patch of ground may be worth $400
the money spent for the coal fires is
really very cheap insurar'.^e.
spkixk ling i:fficacious.
Another of the methods employed to
avert the danger from frosts may be
described as the artificial shower. The
story of how this is used on one Cali
fcrnia ranch is told in a United States
Government publication. Did it come
from a less reliable source the man
who -lives in a city and knows little
about farming and fruit raising might
put it in the class with the stories told
by the returning trout fisherman.
The owner of this ranch caused to be
erected on it a number of masts, fifty
feet high. At the top of c-ach mast was
fastened a sprinkling device, through
which water could be forced. On nights
when the temperature sinks to the
frost point the pumps begin to work,
the sprinklers commence to sprinkle
and the air is filled with a fine spray,
which eo charges it with moisture that
in nearly every instance the protection
given the ripening fruit has been
sufficient.
The ov.r.er of a little patch of gar
den and a panlen hose, if he will get
up Just before sunrise on a frosty
morning may save his precious vege
tables by sprinkling them. He !s doing
in a small way what the ranchman In
California accomplishes by the use of
the fifty-foot mast with the sprinkler
at its tor-. v
For the protn-tion of large fields and
orchards another elaborate scheme has
been used with more or less success.
This consists in extending to different
ITirtP of the area to be protected pipes
vhirh are connected with a steam
ooiler, steam bthjg generated on frosty
night? Rnd distributed by the pipes to
the places where it will do ths most
food
SWAMP tiASDS FLOODED. '
Water is extensively employed in
fighting frosts in the cranberry dis
tricts of New Jersey, Wisconsin. Cape
Cod and other portions of New Eng
land and the upper lake districts.
When there Is likely to be a frost the
Kwamp or bog lands tn. which this crop
Is confined are flooded by means of
appliances by which neighboring bod
ie* of water can be drawn upon. The
•vater covering the cranberry patches
keep the lower Ftratum of air compara
.lively v arm and moist. Irrigation has
been, similarly employed in oran so
rrow ins districts and the rice fields of
AS TOLD IN ANTE-ROOMS
OF THE LODGES.
Druidism.
Official visits by the grand officers
of the United Ancient Order of Druids
have for the time been suspended and
will not be resumed until January 16,
when the noble grand arch and at
tendant grand officers will visit -Tem
plar Grove in this city. Between that
date and March 12 thirty official visits
have been scheduled. The following
are the visits to the local groves: Jan
uary 18, Helvetia Grove; 19, Alpinl
Grove; 20, Xorma Grove; 26, Old
Friends' Grove; February 6, Vasco de
Gama Grove; 7, Hesperian Grove; 10,
Volta Grove; March 10, Lincoln
Grove, and 11, Green Valley Grove,
.Supreme Secretary Freudenthal, in
a letter to Supreme Arch Martinoni
of this city, announces that all the*
groves in the East aTe doing well and
that a new grove to work in the Eng
lish language is being organized in
New York City, being the second. It
is probable that one to work in the
Italian and one to work in the French
language will soon be organized in
that city.
Orders have been placed for the
translation of the circle ritual into the
Italian, French, Slavonic and Danish
languages.
The circles to work in foreign lan
guages are being organized in this
city.
In the absence of the noble grand
arch, absent on other business. Su
preme Arch James F. Martinoni re
cently paid an official visit to the
grove in Mayfleld and then visited the
one at Salinas and then the one at
Isleton. At each place there was work
in the initiatory degree and the.mem
bers manifested considerable interest
in the affairs of tfie order. At Isleton
the visiting officer exemplified' all the
work of the order in a very interest
ing and comprehensive manner. At
each place there was hospitality in the
form of a banquet. • .
Capitol Circle of the Druidesses, or
ganized by Jennie S. Clark of Sacra
mento in that city, with fifty char
ter members, speaks well for the
lady's ability as an organizer. The cir
cle was instituted by Grand Arch
Druidess Olga Heiden. assisted by
Grand Secretary Augusta Thornhill.
The institution of the new circle and
the installation of the officers were
followed by a banquet- The organizer,
who was chosen past arch Druidess of
the circle, expects to increase the
membership to - 100 within three
months.
McKinley Grove, under the 'direc
tion of Noble Arch Thornton, assisted
by the officers recently installed, is
doing good work. The members have
been inspired to work for, the grove
and applications are being presented
at each meeting. At the last meeting
three strangers were initiated.
The Americans.
I J. M. Shatterley, past president of the
j Senate of the Americans, returned to
. this city last week after an absence of
j five months In the Northwestern, West
' ern and Eastern States, where he went
| In the interest of the order for the pur
pose of establishing \branches in the
! different States visited,
j California Assembly No. 1 is arrang
j ing for a mock trial on a large scale.
! On the" evening of December 13 this as-
I sembly gave an entertainment and
i dance in the Red Men's building, on
j Golden Gate avenue. The assembly has
j secured a prize regalia for its team,
■ offered by the Senate conditional on se
; curing twenty-five members for initia
\ tion in a period of sixty days.
Oakland Assembly No. 2 gave a pleas
ant dancing party In its hall recently.
This assembly Is working to secure a
prize offered by the Senate.
Reports from all parts of the Jurls
! diction as to the progress of the several
■ assemblies are very satisfactory to the
Senate officers.
j Stockton Assembly No. 8 has request
ed Washington Assembly No. 3 of this
city to advise it if it can arrange for
j the initiation of a number of strangers
in San Francisco on New Year's eve,
| and if that can be done the Stockton
j team will come here to perform the
i work.
i During the past week Supreme Sec
retary Brown visited Santa Rosa for
the purpose of initiating a class of fif
teen strangers.
•
The Maccabees.
; San Francisco Tent of the Knights
J of the Maccabees has elected the fol-
I lowing officers for the ensuing term:
j C- J. Lenzen, P. C; E. V. Hollings
• worth, commander; C. I. W. Story,
lieutenant; D. B. Richards, R. K.;'
j Theodore Frolich, F. K.; R. N. Mur
• rhy. chaplain; Nordien Knudaen. ser
j gcant; C. L. Girard, master at arms;
j C W. Seely. first M. G.; Henry Ernst,
: second M. G.; Slg Bergstein, sentinel;
j W. B. Greenberg. picket; I. Gurmendez,
trustee; J. II. Whiteside, armorer; J.
H. Hallowell, musician; G. V. Lerol,
Ecribe. There was a contest for the
position of picket, which has been filled
ever since the tent was organized by
Sir Knight ; Sir Knight
Parker was a candidate against him.
! the South. More familiar than these
I methods is the use of screens made of
cloth and othtr materials for covering
the jTOwin^ crops.
j This is a great country, but there Is
I no considerable section of it r.ear
enough to the equutor to be entirely
free from frost. In some parts of the
Northern State*. frosts ar» likely to oc
cur during any of the summer month3.
In the northern part of the Florida
peninsula. In the region immediately
bordering the roast of the Gulf of Mex-
I Ico, and in the Pacific Coast States,
j frost may occur from the latter part of
« Octob«v until early In March. The
frost limit at long intervals may be ex
tended south vard well over Central
and even S.oot.htrn Florida.
Consequently, the. farmer and or
chardlst, wherever, he lives in the
United States, must be ready to battle
with the frost, and, thanks to the
Weather Bureau, the mails, the.tele
graph and the telephone, he Is prompt
ly notified when- to light his smudge,
turn on the water or stretch the pro
tective screen.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1904.
but thejatter finally withdrew in favor
of Greenberg. This tent now has a
whist tournament after the close of
each second meeting which draws
many members to the reviews.
Golden West Tent has elected George
Seegar past commander; William Plr
rie, commander; H. Barley, lieutenant
commander; G. C. Freeman, record
keeper (tenth term); C. B. Classen,
finance keeper. These and the minor
officers will be installed January 17.
This tent's uniformed team had a very
enjoyable social in. the Assembly" Hall
of the Pioneer building last week. The
team will give a like social, every
month.
«
Ancient Order Workmen.
The meeting of the recorders of the
lodges north of " Sacramento, In the
early part of the current month, wr.s
attended by forty, who were addrt-esed
at length by Grand Spencer.
He Instructed them in the new legisla
tion of thi- order. The meeting, a very
profitable one, was followed by a ban
quet. 'V^'
Durinjr "December there was distrib
uted In this Jurisdiction $65,000 to bene
ficiaries of-members who pa.^st'1 away.
The indications are at this time that in
the near future claims will he paid in a
very short time after the pro5f of death
is completed.
There has been a marked Increase in
membership In this State timing De
cember and quite a number of fully
suspended members have b^en rein
stated under the provisions cf a recent
law which permits the reinstatement of
those finally suspended who ar-s be
tween the ages of 45 and 55.
Grand Foreman W. H. Savage hVs
been visiting the lodges In the northern
part of the State. -
During the past week official visits
were paid tc Enterprise ami Mount
Hamilton lodges of San Jose.
Grand Master Workman C. H Dun
ton has been honored by beins elected
vice vresident of the California Miners'
Association. -.>■-- '■*:'■ -;V ,• .
The tifflcers of Unity •L.->$z» A. O. TJ.
W., and those of Carnation Lodge, D.
of If., will be jointly installed Janu
ary 17.
The following have been chosen to
serve as the officers of Forgec-Me-Not
Lodge, D. of H., for the ensuing term:
Ethel Farley, chief; Minnie Gaincs,
lady of honor: Jessie Foster, chief of
ceremonies; Mary Loan, usher, Mabel
Simpson, recorder; F. "J. Maguire,
financier; Mary Rothganser, retfcivor;
Florence Boyd, inside watch; F. O.
Williams, outside watch. This Jodge
has under consideration a plr.r. for 1h2
increase of membership and attend
ance.
Franklin Lodge cf the A. O. IT. W.
has elected the following officers for the
ensuing term: Harry I. Mulcrevey, P.
M. IV.; A. Levy, M. W.; J. »»{<land, F.;
Isador Simon, O.; John Boovey, j\ ■
John P. Dwyer, F.; R. E. A. Isenbruck,
receiver; O. H. Klump, G., and R. Mur
phy, W.
Modern Brotherhood
Golden Gate Lodge No. 1264 of the
Modern Brotherhood of America had
another pleasant entertainment and
dance in Its hall on the night of the
first Wednesday in December. The fol
lowing was tb^ programme, which was
enjoyed by the many who besides the
members accepted the invitation to
have a good time: Opening remarks.
Dr. G. W. Goodale; song and dance,
the favorite. Miss Martha Bowes; reci
tation, Mrs. W. P. Emmons; duet.
Misses Schallenberger and Canard;
fancy toe dance, clever little Miss Sles
singer; song, Miss Elsie Stein; vocal
solo. William P. Emmons; recitation.
Miss Gwerinita Allen; recitation. Miss
M. Thompson; song, H. R. Edghtil; fra
ternal remarks. State Manager A. J.
Welnert. Alter the programme refresh
were served. . -. ..■.;.'
Winter Vegetables ft New Industry.
A new and rapidly growing agricul
tural industry in California is the pro
duction of winter vegetables for the
Eastern markets. Already s we are
shipping large quantities of asparagus,
cabbages,- caulitlowers, radishes, let
tuce, potatoes and the more hardy
vegetables that can be grown during
the cold months of our winter season.
This is one of the most promising out
looks for agriculture in California at
the present time. We have in J this
State an unrivaled climate, one that
very much resembles the spring of
the Eastern States, and in which all
the vegetables which grow In that
part of the country during that sea
son will thrive during the months
that Eastern farms and gardens are
under enow and In the embrace of
the ice kin*. To overcome the differ
ence of climate in the larger Eastern
cities numerous greenhouses have
been located covered with glass and
heated by artificial means, and theso
have been found enormously proflta»
ble. Hundreds of acres in New York
and Chicago are thus placed under
glass for the cultivation of winter
vegetables, such as we can produce in
the open every month in the year.
With more rapid means of transpor
tation and low freight rates, by
means of careful packing and hand
ling, there is no reason why the East
ern States should not offer a profit
able market for enormous quantities
of vegetables grown In California dur
ing the winter months. We may not
hope for the fancy prices paid for the
glass-grown vegetables, but there Is
a large body of consumers able and
willing to pay good prices for fresh
vegetables during the .months that
they cannot produce them In the East,
and it is this class we should be able
to reach with profit to ourselves.
Southern California has gone very
extensively Into this business, and
there Is no reason why it should not
be followed by the northern counties,
where we have fully as favorable a
climate and where our crops are more
certain than in the extreme south. —
Pacific Tree and Vine.
Freak of the Wind.
■ Almost beyond- belief, is the story
which comes from England of a trick
the wind played not long ago on the
spire of a Presbyterian : . church. It
blew the steeple above the belfry . 25
degrees out of plumb, so that the spire
pointed In a .northwesterly direction
and It was feared that it .would ' fall.
When the next morning men were en
gaged in straightening it the wind
veered around and blew it back to
its original position. Of course, ; it
was necessary, for the men to stength
en it and Its supports, but th'e wind's
freak made their, work much easier.—
Exchange.
SEARCHING FOR
OLD FURNITURE
Mr. Amateur Must Be Careful
in Selection, as Imitation
Closely Resembles Genuine
GOOD WAYS OF TELLKsG
Desirable Articles of Earlier
Days Fast Becoming Scarce
While Bogus Ones Abound
The taste for old cMna, silver and
furniture has almost developed into a
passion of late years. It has sud
denly become the fashion to have cu
rios of all kinds in the home furnish
ings. Therefore, as a demand always
creates a supply, there are to be found
on the market hundreds of masterly
imitations of the work of the great ar
tists in furniture. Some of these imi
tations are open and above board re
productions of the antique, but others
are such successful imitations of an
cient furniture that it is necessary to
be very wide awake if one meditates
purchasing specimens of the old crafts
man's art.
The coarse and rough Imitations that
are seen in second-rate shops every day
never dectlve the searcher after the
antique, but really first-class work may
easily impose upon. even the elect, and
reasonably so, when It becomes knc-A-n
that there are skilled workmen who
make a business of imitating worm
holes in modern furniture before It
proudly blossoms . forth to become the
Joy of the inno-cent amateur collector
of the antique.
It is usually at this time of the year
that the housewife is seized ' with the
spirit c-f refurnishing her home or add
ing by way of adornment a few new
pieces. If the antique is her special
choice the following suggestions may
be of interest. The modest buyer is
alone being considered, she who would
spend at the very most a hundred or
so 'dollars on a cabinet, table or desk.
There Is a kind of sham too popular
nowadays — and of all shams it is the
most dangerous— to buy old wood, pos
sibly of drawers or panels of cup
boards, and mingle. the old and new to
the confusion of the uninitiated.
Sometimes dealers have the .honesty
to say that goods of this description
are made up articles, and often these
pieces are quite worth adding to one's
collection because" the wood in their
construction is well" seasoned and the
grain fine and exquisitely colored.
LOOK INSIDE.
When a cabinet is the object under
consideration it is well to open' the
drawers and inspect the lining. \ If the
article is genuine they .will be lined
with oak or elm, but if a modern im
posture the lining will be merely plain,
stained deal. Other evidences of the
real thing are the weight and the
doweling, which in old furniture is pe
culiarly done. But all these signs fail
when the genius of perfect deception is
abroad. One simple thing to notice" Is
the state of the polish. It should be
put on perfectly smooth, and the var
nish should not seem to be carelessly
run into the corners. Another evidence
is that, the edges -are comparatively
soft and rounded .by wear and not
shnrp or clearly cut. x
In spite of the widespread interest
and knowledge in furniture and deco
rative art generaly there is a great
confusion of ideas as regards styles.
Just in the same way that some collec
tors of- antiques persuade themselves
that because a thing is old It must
necessarily be beautiful,- so there are
those who think that to conform to a
certain style is slavish and lacking, in
originality. To such people a French
style immediately conjured up bow
knots, garlands and gilding, while we
know that this expression of art can
exist without any of these and still be
tnje in character. What style in house
furnishings should really be taken ,t<»
mean is character, appropriateness
and an acceptance of those rules
which the experience of centuries has
proved the best, yet allowing 1 scope for
individual requirements.
KEKP TO THE STYLE.
The collector of antiques should
also bear in mind that a piece of fur
niture must never be selected irre
spective of the differences in its style
— that is. when a single .'apartment
is to be furnished — for if jumbled In
a heterogeneous' mass the result will
be no more satisfactory than a col
lection of pieces in a furniture shop.
There is no character, no originality;
only a motley collection of things.
The skillful artist knows well that
in. decorating and furnishing a house
harmony of color and form is the first
essential, and the collector of the an-,
tique should have her wa.lls decorat
ed with regard to the furniture for
which they are to form a background.
Could anything be more absurdly
grotesque than the placing of a piece
of French art'in-a room decorated in
Dutch style? Still, decorative errors,
perhaps of a less glaring nature, are
met with on every hand and in homes
of culture, more's the pity! The
French style of . furnishing will be
very popular this winter, my lady
needing this setting, for: her Louis
XVI and Henri II gowns. An especial
prize" in French examples is the Boule
furniture, which is particularly happy
in its cabinet specimens. Andre
Charles Doule was the cabinet maker
or ebonist to Louis XVI, and the'flrst
and most characteristic work connect
ed with the style, of "le grand mon
arque" Is known as Boule. The Boule
is an elaborate kind of marquetry. In
laid with, tortoise .shell, brass, ivory
and ebony, the origin of which can be
traced to Indian, Persian and Damas
cus incrusted inlays. Examples of
Boule work are now very valuable and
command high prices when they are
offered for sale. t
FOR MODEST TASTES.
The. Inlaid Dutch furniture resem
bles somewhat the Boule. but is quite
within the bounds of the modest an
tique purchaser's sphere. The rich
and bright colors of different woods
ore used In the marquetry and the de
sign Is usually. that of some pictur
esque foliage mingled with tulips,
roses and birds. In addition .to wood,
other materials," such as -Ivory and
mother-of-pearl, are employed. This
Dutch furniture was Introduced into
England during the reign of William
and; Mary, and has descended to us in
the simpler and later phase known as
Queen Anne. ', This seeming confusion
of names was brought about by the
practice of. using the names of. royal
ty to denote styles both* In furniture
and; architecture as supplying • more
convenient dates than the beginning
and end of. a century. •
The quaint .and simple Queen Anne
furniture . Is a curious blending of
Dutch and French-influences.* The In
lay Is of- Dutch adoption, and the ca
briole leg Is an entirely French feature.
A-- blending of ..the, two ; styles resulted
later; In furniture of the Queen Anne
type." Queen Anne chairs are exqui
site. They have a strong under" grain
ing, and -a" high,, flat; .decorated, back
and side pieces of * rather .. severe . form
and the cabiole leg. Some of the
One of : the. Finest Works of Art Which Was on
/ Exhibition in the FRENCH SECTION at the
GREATEST WORLD'S FAIR
Hasbeen reproduced by special permission in its
original exquisite colors and will be presented in
the superb series of famous paintings
FREE WITH THE NEXT
SUNDAY SAN FRANCISCO CALL
■■"-* "THE FERRYMAN." **;*
THE CALL'S picture for next week is a moBt beautiful example of
the work of the celebrated French artist, Leon Gogncaux.
This picture portrtvs a scene in the daily life- of the ever picturesque
French peasant, and with its beautiful coloring and quaint figures produces '
a most pleasing and attractive effect.
The clouds, the low banks of the stream and the very ripDles on the
water stand out so dearly and distinctly and are so true to nature that one
may well imagine that he is gazing on the scene itself.
REMEMBER Y * u wm Get Ths beautiful picture in colors,
„_ == Size 10x14 Inches, Ready for a Frame :: T: : : ;f: :
NEXT SUNDAY, January 1st, With Yotar
SUNDAY SAN FRANCISCO CALL
chairs are three cornered, rather like
a stool with arms. .;.'/,. :i
- GETTING SCARCE.""
• Chippendale, Hepplewaite, Sheraton
and Adams are all specimens of furni
ture very much sought after now,
cither as originals or in reproductions.
Sheraton sideboards and bookcases are
beautiful with the . swan pediments
and quaint dlamond-paned effects in
the doors.
The fad of the moment is for old
door knockers, and if a woman is seen
rushing frcm one antique shop to an
other you may be sure she has this fad
and is on the chase. Really old door
knockers are scarce. They are being
copied. It is true, but the manufac
turers are not able to duplicate the
battered, dented appearance c-f the
knocker that for many years in sun
and rain has stood as sentinel at the
door. An objection . to the modern
knocker is that they are very much of
a pattern, and there is no /impress of
the workman's 6kill and.ln a 1 measure,
of his humor at the time the work was
done. . r'fhe particular pattern the
searcher for old knockers wants is the
lion's. head, which is likely to be found
In the Venetian knocker. There -are
other patterns of flat, plain. brass that
are well liked as a second choice. When
one is riot successful in a search of this
kind an expedient worth knowing is
to- buy a new knocker and bury it in
the ground until- it becomes green and
moldy." After this burial one clever girl
has hit upon the idea of giving the
knocker to her small brother to play
with. She did not tell him what she
hoped to accomplish, but in these war
times It is quite . possible that .the
knocker will go through • many ■ mock
battles as some piece of ammunition,
and when it returns to the owner It is
sure to have enough dents to satisfy
the fastidious sister.
When the whole family is enthusi
astic on the subject of antique knock
ers this precious specimen goes on the
front door. There Is a- craze just now
for the individual door knocker which
hangs on the oak of the antique lover's
own domain. Luckless the individual
who gains entrance without using this
coveted piece of antique open sesame!
—Washington Star. V ;
Justice Harlan's Humor.
Justice Harlan has a queer humor of
his own. He is a member of the facul
ty of the Columbia Lav/ School, and a
night or two ago was talking at" the
school with Judge Peelle of the District
Court, on crimes.; "'1 wish, Mr.. Jus
tice." said Judge " Peelle, "that you
would have your. clerk send me copies
of some of the recent decialons of the
Supreme Court." "All right." Justice
Harlan replied. Then he asked, abrupU
ly: "Do you want those cases In which
I, rendered, dissenting opinions?" "I as
sume some of the cases come under
that -head," said' Judge Peelle. "You
frequently \do dissent, ■ you know." I
shair.not. send them," . snorted Judge
Harlan. "I shall not_ be^; responsible \ or
the dissemination of "such a law as ap
pears in those majority J opinions i to
which I have dissented."— Exchange. •
In Private Only.
The two candidates, _ being members
of Ahe ; same lodge, . had agreed that
there should be no mudsllnging during
the campaign. •}
. "I was so glad to do it." said one of
them to hls ; wlfe when he got home. "I
hope that I am too decent a man to say
the things about that low-lived scoun
drel that he deserves." '
"It .was the only way," said the oth
er, to his confidential friend. '•Other
wise I should have been tempted to de
mean- myself by exposing the hyproc
risy and despicable character of that
embryo bank robber."
• So the campaign was so' clean that^t
was tame.— Cincinnati Commercial Tri
bune. • V->Vr-^->.
Czarina «s Caricaturist.
It is well known that tlie Empress of
Russia has decided talent as a cari
caturist. By turns all members of the
royal family had been victims of her
pencil — that is, all except the Czar,
who begged to be included. The Czar
ina put him off with excuses for some
time, but not long ago the caricature
appeared. The Czar, crowned and bear
ing the scepter, was seated in a baby
carriage drawn with a tnread by his
mother! The point was plain enough,
and caused much restrained amuse
ment among the courtiers; but the
Czar professed himself unable to see
it, and seemed anything but pleased
with the productkrn. — Indianapolis
News. ' -
The Cigars Jerome Smoked.
In his youth and', impecunious days
District Attorney Jerome of New. York
was assistant, in the office. of which he
is now head. Then, . as now, Jerome
was a great, smoker. He used to buy
a chea;> brand of cigars of a none too
delicate quality from a Nassau street
dealer. As a bonus to a steady pat
ron and incidentally, with the hopes of
getting Jerome to buy the more expen
sive brand the wily dealer would occa
sionally give him & perfecto. He didn't
catch his man, • however, Jerome
invariably gave the- perfecto to. the
first friend he met. "That's not the
brand I smoke," he would explain. "I
don't dare try a perfecto for fear. 1*11
form an expensive habit."— Chicago
Chronicle..- -~-v> ;:;> . * ir-^*-~ - v> r u-: ~ ;
Strange Little Railway.
- Germany -possesses a miniature but
most useful railway, to which no
parallel is found in this country. Its
peculiarity is that its trains have no
drivers. It is used, for carrying salt
from the salt mines at Stassfurt. The
trains consist of thirty trucks, each
carrying half a ton of salt. . The'en
gines are electric, of twenty- four horse
power each. As It approaches a sta
tion, of which. there are five along the
line, -the train automatically rings a
bell and the station attendant turns a
switch to "receive it.' He is able to
stop it. at any . moment. To start' it
again, he -stands on' the locomotive,
switches the current and then descends
again before the - engine has gained
speed. " . - ' , '. . ,.
Mrs; Beanster— Mr. Johnson. . won't
you please amuse the ; baby for. about
five minutes? * ..". '.. . '.-. : ' ;
Mr. Johnson (not of Boston)— I'm
afraid- I- don't know; how, Mrs. Bean
ster.^ -'. '.'■"' ..'"■- 'V; ' ' .. '■' ■'
* Mrs. Beanster— Just talk a little; she
always finds" your Western- grammati
cal, peculiarities so amusing.— New Or
leans Times-Democrat . '. .: .
DAKOTA INDIANS FOLLOW
*J*}~.i EATING AS A TRADE
3Icn Regularly Hired to Assist Guests
at Too Bountiful a
least.
One of the most striking customs of
the past that are preserved by the
Indians of to-day is found among the
tribes on the Devil's Lake Reservation
in North Dakota. • Supervisor Wright of
the Indian service gives the followins
account of this peculiar practice:
"From time immemorial the Devil's
Lake Sioux have adhered to an old cus
tom In regard to the treatment of .the
guest. According to their etiquette it is
the bounden duty of the host to sup
ply his guest v.-ith all the *vod he may
Utsire, and as a rule the apportionment
set before the visiting Indian Is much
In excess of the capacity of a single
man.
•"But by the same custom the guest
Is obliged to eat ail that is placed be
fore him, else he . grossly insults his
entertainer. It was found that this
practice would work a hardship, but
instead of dispensing with the custom
the Indian method of reasoning was
applied, and what ia known as the pro
fessional eater waa brought to the
front.
"While the guest is supposed to eat
all that is placed before him. It serves
the same purpose If his neighbor as
sists In devouring the bountiful repast,
the main object being to have the
plate clean when the meal is finished.
"It is not always practicable to de
pend upon a neighbor at table to assi3t
in getting away with a large dinner
and in order* to • insure the final con
sumption of the allotted portion, visit
ing Indians call upon the professional
eaters, whose duty.it is to ait beside
them through a meal and eat what the
guest leaves. The professional eaters
are never looked upon in the light of
guests, but more as traveling com
panions with a particular duty to per
form.
"These eaters receive 'from II to $3
and even %Z for each meal where they
assist. It is stated by the agent at th«
Devil's Lake Reservation that one o2
the professional eaters has been known
to dispose of seventeen pounds of beef
at a 3ltting. That they are capable of
eating an almost fabulous amount I
mysel? can testify."— Chicago Chronicle.
&£8S£8£ttO»£eC8C83£8C8XCe3Ctt
| COOKBOOKS. |
i 8 Owing: to the unusual demand £
l« on the part of onr subscribers «
! 8 for TILE CALL'S Premium Cook P
Q Book it has been necessary to S
n order an additional supply. &
8 These books are expected about 8
o the 15th inst.. on and after p
» -which date they will be at the S
8 , disposal of onr patrons at the °
S very low price of 50c , fi:
8 To subscribers receiTing their ?;
oj paper by mail there will be an o
O additional charge of 2oc to prc- §
8 • pay expressage. We also hare 8
8 on hand a few copies of "Wild S
~ Animals I HaT© Met," 'thor- 8
g oaghly descriptive of the whole S
g - animal kingdom, on the same, g
R terms." Order now, as our sa>~ S
« ply is limited. Stfjff S
3738
THE^CAMi'
JOHN' D. SPKECKELS.... Proprietor
Address Communications to ;
JOIL\ McNACGIIT. Slanager
\V. J. MAltTIX Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
Ark for THD CALL. The Operator WiU Con-
coct You With the Dep-rtment You Wish.
rubUcation Office Market and Third, S. F.
Eoitonal lioczzs 217 to __1 Stevenson et
DeUrcred by Carriers. *0 Cts. Per Week. 75
CU. Per Month. Single Copies 5 C**-.,,.
Terms fcv MaU. Including Postage (Cash \\ ltn
Order,): .„ „
DAILY CALJ_ (lncJud. Sunday), 1 year. ..$S 00 (
DAILY CALL Unclud. Sunday). S mos... 4^00
DAILY CALL- By Ragle Month '5c
6CTNDA.T CALL. 1 Year 2.60
WEEKLY CALL, 1 year .- .V 1 ; .
»OItF'GV I DaJly. ..fS.SC Per Year £*^ra
_Ji?. E ;°:l ■( Sunday. 4,15 Per Y«-ar Extra
POSTAGE. I Weekly! 1.00 Per Year Extra ,
AIJL. POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED j
TO RECEIVE SUlWOiUPriONii. •
Ea-d-le Ccjues will be forwarded when re- j
quested. . ' I
Hf.'i subscribers in ordering change of ad-
drees sbou'.d be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADHRKS In order to insure a
XrroxnDt and correct compliance with their re- I
quect
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1016 Broad way Telephone Main 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE:
2143 Center Street Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
EAVUEL W. WALL Post Building
STEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -JUstoria Hotel; A- Brentano. 31
Union Square ; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel: Tremcnt House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C GEORGE KROGNESS. Marquette BullfUng-
(Long Distance Telephone, "Central 2619.' )
JCI7W YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH.... 30 Tribune Bulldla*
NEW TOP.K CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of ths £an Francisco Call.
corner Market ar.d Third streets; open until j
12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
1008 Market street eppoette Fifth; open until
11 p. m.
C27 Montgomery street corner Clay; open until
0:30 p. m.
800 Hayes etreet: open until 0:30 p. m.
C39 McAllister Etreet; open until 9:30 p. ra_
61A Larkin street: open until V:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
106 Eleventh etreet : open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia etreet; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore etreet ; open until 9 p. m.
KEATj ESTATE — CITY — FOB SAT-E.
WILLIAM CRANSTON COMPANY.
Successors to R. D. Cranston & Eons,
114 — Moatgomery st. — 114.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
$G,7I>0 — Handsome circular bay-window home
near Broadway and Buchanan; in per-
fect condition; driveway and e table for
horses cr automobile; 8 rooms and bath;
a great bargain.
BUSINESS CORNER.
$4,000 — Sunny NW. corner, near Panhandle;
en car Use; exoellent lot for store,
OOZY WESTERN ADDITION COTTAGE.
$3,0S0 — Near Aehbury et. ; 6 rooms and bath;
very well built; a bargain. ,
EDDY-ST. INCOME; CORNER.
$3,500 — Two fine comer Cats. 6 and 7 rooms:
entrance on e&cn street; building alone
worth J5000.
MCALUSTER-8T. 6TORX3.
I15.C0O— Large lot substantial improvements;
reotfJM low for $105; Inside of
Webster st
PANHANDLE RESIDENCE.
$7,000 — Beautiful 9-room house; furnace;
electric lights, eto.
NORTH CORNER ON JACKSON ST.
$S,2S0 — Old improvements renting for $€S;
excellent lot. 67:6x137:6; barsaln.
CALITORNIA-4ST. RESIDENCE.
$11.000 — Fine appearanc*; 12 rooma, eta^
near Laeana st; large lot
INCOME PROPESTT.
£3,000 — Four eniail bay-window flats; rented
for $82; unusually well built
LEASED STORB. ■ ■ '
5",75O — Five-year lease et $63 per month;
occupied by well-paying business.
$7,250 — -Rests 173; three good fiats, 0, 6 and
0 rooms; lot 25x100; Inside of Fif-
teenth st and north of Market;
xsaia street
SMALL INCOME PROPEHTT.
$4,830 — New plumbing; renting for $42 50;
lot 26x116; north of Market
NORTH SIDE RESIDENCE.
$8,500— Attractive Pacific Heights residence;
~ close to Pacific ave. «jnd Buchanan st;
11 rooms furnace, etc.; lot worth close
to $6000, 23x112:6.
CHEAP LOT.'
$1,700 — Make offer; fine level lot 23x137:6; on
oar line; Carl st. near Clayton.
MISSION WARM BELT LOTS.
$400 each — 30-foot frontage; cheapest in
dty: gas, water and sewer in street
WILLIAM CRANSTON CSX.
114^ — Montgomery st. — 114.
B. GETZ. Room 22. Chronicle bldg..
OWNER AND DEALER
of the
SlBcat Ooaaa Beach Block put on the market!
Graded and Fenced!!! Grass Bottom!!!
Between 47th and 48th avenues.
Lots Heady to Bclld Upon — Perfect Bargains.
2fa*r Electrto Car L!ne!t Vwy Easy Terms!!
fOSO to $350. Oeeaa Heights Lota. $5 monthly.
fS30 to $1203. Buaaet Helgbts A Boulevard Lots!
KORTH OF THE PARK LOTS!!!
85C_ ave. Lota — Opp. Bpreckels Lake and Park.
X<evel Lota on Grassy Plateau — Easy Payment*.
Only One Block From Electric Car Line.
XICHKOND DISTRICT — U2VJEL LOTS!!!
Graded. 6ewered, Gas aad Water — E&sy Terms!
tlT.9 o»— Excelsior Homestead Level Lots'!!
Best a-fl Cheapest la the District— ?5 monthly.
tlftO — Ocetn View Level Building Lota — $5 ma
91000 to $3000 Cottage* and Houses ea Term*.
Buy Direct From the Owner!!!
For Mas and Diagrams
CfcXl tt ZB7 ofOoe, Room 22. 2d Floor.
Chronicle building.
*W. 1. OUNN.
E30 CALIFORNIA ST.
(Saris rs Union Bulldlpg.) .
««y $*85— Very cheap and under its actual
v—tut; th» last eoe; the others all sold;
easiest kind of terms; $100 down; install-
ments monthly or Quarterly; graded;
•trect graded, macadamised and sewered;
ready for traU&mgs 2 Oats can be built
on ttts low-priced lot: well located; east
Un« of 1Kb av*., 250 feet south from
Point Lobos ave; eIm 25x120; convenient
to 2 lines electrie oars, the Butter «t and
Sth ave. traosferrlcg to all parts of the
city. Begla the new -year by purchasing
this lot; both Installments of tbe taxes
paid up to next year and certificate of
title Insurance oocnpsny goes with the lot
9S300 for both— Uta .are., bet. Point Lobos
are. and dement; 2 lota. 25x120; rood.
loeatloa for Cats.
tuOO each— 2 choice lots on the runny side
Union st, 27:6x110; ready for building:
Cut residence to go op oa adjoining lot;
w. want to cell tbese lots and ask for
aa offer; WiU eeU on eaury monthly pay-
ments. W. J. GUNN.
_____^ 688 California st
CJO.T A TZW LETT. '
1 1 25 PES WEXH'.
KO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
£300 for cfaoice lots. -Excelsior Hoc leetead
Tract, level as a billiard table; on grade;
clcae to fine school and Mlwrtoa-st electric
cars; bound to double In value.
$400 each oa Installments of $10 per month;
no taxes; __• lots near Ocean boulevard;
best realOace location south of Golden Gate
Park; the** are the cheapest Jpt* In this dis-
trict; adTanetog la price rapidly.
W. J. XVU1TU.
» Montgomery t. r. 8. Phoae Mala BTTH.
WE have for -ale oa aocouxtt of the death of
the cwners one of tbe most famous | HOT
UDv"EaAL SPRINGS on this Coast; 1600 acres
of land; fine hotel, outbuildings and baths;
orchard, regetable garden; livestock, poultry,
etc.; a rportsni— n's resort; : patronised by the
1 r rt people: the greatest trout streams In
America pass through this property; a noted
• '«m«ure and health resort; ■never ' before of-
• rcj for cale. For full Information apply
cr write to
V. L. BTLAGG8 * CO.. 26 Montgomery »t ,
JffEW 5-room cottage; Sunset district; nice
borne; barcain for cub; $1100. Box 2871, Call.
| SEAT. ESTATE— CTTT — TOB BAXVE.
1 G. H. UMBSEN & CO*.. 20 Montgomery st i
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers,
f 23,500 — Rents $2340 per annum; 6 new flatt
substantially built and with all tho lat-
est modern Improvements; near the
park; prlca reduced in order to make c
a quick sale; lot 60xlS7:6;- a snap.
$15,500 — Rents $1320 per annum: Sutter st: 3
modern fiats just completed, of 7-0 r
• rooms aad bath each; handsomely ap- e
pointed ; lot 25x95. . . C
$17.000— Reduced; rents $1560 per annum; Lar- c
kin st; 3 new modern flats of 8-7.
rooms and bath each; lot 34x75. ' $
$15,000— Rents $000 per annum, which is low;
choice corner on Sixth st; improve-
ments conslet of 3-story building con-
taining 2 stores and lodging-house; lot
26 feet front.
$14,000 — Rents $1380 per annum; Shrader et. ;
4 nicely constructed flats of 6-5 rooms
and bath each; lot 40x106:3.
1 $11,250— Rents $1230 per annum; 3 modern $
flats of 6-6-7 rooms and bath each; sit-
uate in the Western Addition, close to
transfer point. . .
$S,000 — P.ents $7C8 per annum: Larkin St.,
do?e to California'; 2 bay-window flats
. .of 6-5 rooms and bath each; lot 25x100;
a bood buy.
$7,500 — Rents $600 per annum; Devisadero
et; 2 modern flats of 6-7 rooms and i
. bath each; rents can be readily in-
creased; lot. 25x106. '
I $6.500— Near Guerrero and Liberty ets.; an
ideal Rome and welt built and nicely
designed cottage of 7 rooms and bath,
with large garden; a snap; lot 30x114. j
I Se.lSO-^DevlBadero et. ; a choice residence of |
7 rooms and bath; each in perfect or- L
der. - • ' f
$5,500— Sartlett st; a good, convenient home
of 12 rooms and bath; lot 62:6x117:6 *
to an alley; a snap. . - f
$4,600 — Rents $3'6 per annum;. 4 desirable
Cats of 3 rooms each in perfect order
and steadily rented; lot 25x80: bank
mortgage of $2250; will pay 14% per "
cent equity on $2500.
$2,750 — Rents $3CO per annum; near Eighth
and Bryant sts. ; 4 good Cats In good
ranting location; a Inap.
$2,250 — Guerrero 6t: choice building lot for *
residence or flats; desirable location;
lot 25x125.
$1,500— Fair Oaks Bt; 2 desirable building
lots fcr residences or flats, surrounded
by choice residences; lot 25x125 each.
For further particulars of the above and for
The Real Estate Record, containing a list of
properties for sale In all parts o f the city, in-
quire at our office.
G. H. UMB3EN & CO.,
20 Montgomery st.
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
MADISON & BCRKB.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
ESTABLISHED JANUARY, 1S58.
' 80 Montgomery st..-. Opposite Lick House.
■ $40,000— Corner en Octavla st, near Sutter:
flats renting for OTer 9 per cent; lot
. • 6QxS7:6.
C22,5C0— Hayes st., near Gough: best block en
Hayes St.; stores and flats; large lot;
rented low at $120.
$20,000— iPowell-st business property; 65-foot
front running through to rear street; ' *
old improvements paying $126(1 per an- i *
num; fine property to improve. '.-*
$5,200 — Montgomery ave., near Chestnut; 3 c
modern sunny flats with lqrge basement;
2 frontages; rents $504 yearly. *
$2,500— Alabama st; large lot, 80x80, with 8- 1
room house; must be sold. ; *
— ,r
$6,CO0 — Store and flat, 6 rooms \ and bath |
above; on Oak St.; rent $630 per an- i J
num; this is worth looking into. • ! £
— — — I c
$8,000 — Folsom st. near Second; north side of
Etreet; larte lot and -house of 13 rooms.
CHOICE INCOME PROPERTY. «
$5,000 — Two fine lots; Beulah st, near Sian-
yan; 60x137:6.
$2,450 — Lot 25x125 on fine street near Du-
booe Park and Steiner. st;. fine lot for;'
flats; all new improvements on the block, j 1
$5,000 — Fine home, 9 rooms and bath, on Sec- i
end ave., near the park.
Lots 27:6x137:6. on Setter st, between Stelner
and Pierce.
Building lots, NES. corner Golden Gate av>e,
and Baker St.; in sizes to suit; prices
from $2000 upward.
MADISON & BURKB.
80 Montgomery st. opp. Lick House.
POINT RICHMOND.
Best Opportunity on the Paclflo Coast To-day
For Real Estate Investment.
Santa Fe Tract Cream of the .District. J
Lots LeveL $5 per Month,
McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery st
$6750— WALLER- ST. flats, near Fillmore;
well rented ; mortgage can remain,
McISVEN BROS., 118 Montgomery st
$4600 — TWO new up to date flats; near oar
house; Mission; well rented; mortgage can
remain; four and five rooms. '
McEfWEX BROS.. 118 Montgomery st
$20.000— CORNER store fiats and cottage} lot
'75x100; rented for $140; great bargain In
tbe Mission.
McEWEN BROS..: 118 Montgomery st.
$6000— TWENTY- SECOND . st, near ValeiT-
clat make offer; everything in first-class or-
der. McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery st
$2000— TENTH are.; Richmond district; cot-
tage- must rell.
McEWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery st $
$7200— TWO up to date Sutter-it . flats; rent- j
ed $61; must sell.
McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery st
A, H. AUDIFFREDL 414 Examiner Building '
Real Estate.
. Insurance. Rents Collected.
$7500— Rents $S04 per annum; Grove st, near
Octavla; 2 modern flats; 6 rooms - and
bath each, with 2 flats on rear street; lot
£5x120. This Is an excellent Investment
$6000 — Elegant modern residence; 8 rooms and
bath; on California st, near Broderlck;
lot 25x100.
$5300 — Rents $540 per annum; Guerrero st; 2
attractive bay-window flats, 6-6 rooms and
baths; lot 25x100.
$5100 — Rents $612 per annum: 2 modern bay-
window flats ; 6 rooms and baths each; fine
finished basement; can be used as a flat;
on a wide car line street near 4th ave.;
cement walks; a bargain seldom offered.
$4000— Will rent for $40 per month; 2-story resi-
dence; 5 rooms furnished complete; Inside j
of Gough st ; this is • offered at j)
a bargain on account of owner, going East. .
$1000 — Rents $432 per annum; close to Sth and
Howard sts.; 3 up-to-date flats, 3-4 rooms;
lot 25x75.
-We have most desirable properties for sale
absolutely the cheapest tn the city. Call for
list . M
• A. H. AUDIFFRED,
Fourth floor, 414 Examiner bldg.
-HAWKS~& SKELTON.
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken of
■ Property.
$3,800 — North side of Jackson, near Buchanan:
good house of 8 rooms and 2 baths; lot i
35x117 to rear street
$13,000— West line of Stelner. near Vallejo; j
handsome modern house of - 10 rooms, 1
furnace, billiard- room, solar heater; all
conveniences for comfortable housekeep-
ing; lot 27:6x110. . *•
■ - I
$6,500 — Octavla, near Broadway; good house
cf 7 rooms; nice view of bay from front;
bare lot ia worth the price; 25x137.
$30,000— Fifty vara, NE. corner Larkln. and
Lombard sts.;/grand marine view; street
work all done. . j
HAWKS & BKELTON. 823 Montgomery it
W. F. AMBROSE A CO., T~~
REAL ESTATE BROKERS,-
41 AND 43 CHRONICLE BUTLDINtJ
An exceptional bargain. A rooming-house of
66 rooms, one block from Sutter and Powell
sta. Under lease for $300 per month. Tenant
makes all repairs and pays water.' Lease se-
cured by surety bond. At the expiration of
this lease can get $6 per room. Lot has two
frontages and Is bound to increase in value.
If ' you are looking for - aa Investment - call and
lnvettlgat*.
$1000— Western Addition cottage; T rooma
and bath.
$10,200 — Two flats opposite Alamo Square.
W. F. AMBROSE & CO..
41 • and 43 Chronicle Building.
YOU should resolve for tho New Year to rid
yourself of the landlord, and we can help
you to " do so. Why should you - contlnuo
' paying rent all your lifetime, when that
same rent money will pay for a home? We
ask you to call and talk this matter over;
If you tell" us tho locality you want, we
can furnish | you the lot, . as we have a
, great variety In different sections. .Will also
be pleased to show you the class of houses
we aro building. You deal with the owners
direct
WETBSBEIN BROS. & "CO.. Owners,
.616 Sacramento >t
$10,600. INCLUDING bitumlmxlng of .st ; terms
to cult; .3 swell flats not yet completed; rents
$1060 per annum; every known possible lat-
est Improvement; 16 minute* from City Hall;
7th-ave. boulevard,- nr. Fulton at; close to
the Park: 5 car lines, one runs all night
Call from 11 to 4, Seventh ave., nr. .Fulton.
C 3 ,$ PER cent net; business investment
$125,000; under 10- year lease : at . $0600 per j
annum; -brand new brick building- on extra
■ large corner lot Apply- to UNITED BANK
AND TRUST COMPANY, 238 Bush «t. Mills
?. building. ' • ■..--
FOR reJ-s or exchange, lot 140x129, Gift map
.- No. 8,. as a whole or tn subdivisions. Owner,
" 2247 Cedar. st, Berkeley. ■; * - , '.
$1000 — COTTAGE . 4 room* . on Bast Park st.
.MISSION. REALTY CO.. 8207 Million et
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALi; SUNDAY, . DECEMBER 25, ' 1904
RE A3. ESTATE — CITY— gOU BAICB. .'
BALDWIN & HOWELL. ' '" I
•; 26 POST ST.
Real Catate Agents - and* Auctioneers."
Rents Collected. . 0_oans NegoUated.
City Agts.- for Fireman's Fund Insurance Co. I
Publishers of 'the "Buyer and 8eiler," a
monthly paper devoted/to the Interest of real
estate owners and those intending- to invest !
Contains a full list of property for sale. Free
on application. -
$16,000— Splendid buy for development; lot BOx
120 to rear street; on prominent Western
Addition business st.: within a few feet
of transfer point -on Fillmore st. ; three
houses now. renting for $37 60 per month;
. at small expense buildings could , be
raised and stores put in, which would -
make this a fine holding. ■ . '• 1
$10,000 — Mlssion-«t corner; business Invest-
ment; large lot; extra depth and -.front-'
Age; store, flat, etc.; rents $900 per .an-
num ; mortgage of $5000 can remain with
bank at 6 per cent . '.. » ;
$6.000 — Castro st, near . Market: store with
. . - rooms and flat abovo of 6 rooms and
.bath: stable In rear;- monthly rent
$44 50; large lot. 37x125.
$_T, 500— Kentucky st corner; 8 frontages; busi-
ness property consisting of 8 stores and
6 flats, renting for $185 per month; large
lot, 75x200. \ ...
$3,£5O— In the vicinity of Eighteenth and Va-
lencia; 2 flats of 5 rooms and bath each,
renting for $30 per month.
$19,000— NW. corner on 14th st. near Market;
. 8 new flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath;
rent for 8195 per month and the, kind
. • that always rent; lot 33x88.
$24,000 — Sansome-st corner; right In the heart
of a business center; 5 stores and rooms ,
above renting for $202 per month; fine '
lot. 34x68. ■ .
$10,500— Hyde st, n«ar transfer point at Cali-
fornia; substantial 3-story frame building
consisting of store and 2 flats above of a 6
and 6 rooms and bath; rents $72 60 per
month. .-This Is your opportunity, j
$6,000 — Albion ave.. convenient to the electric
lines; 2-Btory house of 9 rooms and bath;
also building in rear containing 2 rooms;
large lot. 36x120.
$3,250— Vallejo st, near .Van Ness sv*.; dou-
ble frontage lot; street work all dene; ■
j fine neighborhood; 2 flats and cottage;
. rents $70.
$7,000 — Sacramento St.; north 'side; lot - 25x
127:814 : 2 new flats of 5 and 6 rooms and
bath each; rents $C5. I . .- .
$G,750 — Clay St., sunny side, n-ear Stelner st.
und Alta Plaza; 2-story house, 7 rooms;
bath, laundry,* garden front and rear;
/ " tunny; lot 25x102:8%. . ;
' PARNASSUS HEIGHTS.
Go out to Parnassus Heights and take the
youngsters with- you.* Fronting Golden Gate i
Park, the Children's Paradise. The biggest •
and happiest playground In Frisco. ■ ■ A home
there will give you — and them — a new grip
on life.
Parnassus Heights, the ideal home site. The
advantages > of a country atmosphere, with all
the city's conveniences. Large lots,' low prices.
Easy terms. Street work done. Sewers, gas
and water in. Excellent car facilities. 25
minutes to Kearny street.
CALL AT OUR. OFFICE
And let us have a little heart-to-heart talk
about this proposition. It don't- cost you a
cent to talk it over.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
25 Post Street
Branch office on the property, comer H .
street and Seventh avenue. Open Sundays.
SPECK & CO., ;
208 MONTGOMERY ST.
Selling. . Rents Collected.
Leasing. Insurance.
INCOME PROPERTY.
$100,000 — Choice business property on Ellis st.
1 not far from Mason; good improve-
ments; lot 60x137:6; stores and lodg-
ings.
$52,500— Splendid new building, 56 rooms and
20 baths; leased; cash security; rents
$4570 year.
$28,C00 — Superb W. A. corner; rented low at
$170 month; can procure 5-year se-
cured lease at eame rent
$23,800—50 feet on Poet St., close in; $18,C00
mortgage can remain; pays 7 per cent
net '
$17,500 — 55 ft corner; Harrison st, close in;
fine Improvements; pays over $2000 a
' year. ' • - '
$18,000—6 fine Mission flats; reat $135; lot
65x125.
$12,780 — New flats, close to Golden Gate Park;
. ' - .rents $137 50 -month; 4 car lines.
$12,000— Fine buildings; lot 41x137:6; Pine st;
splendid location. .. . * .
$11,600—3 fine flats on Devlsadero st ; rents
$100 month. " - - -
$13,800— SweU building lot; dose to Pine and
- Mason ets.; magnificent view: cheap.
$9,000-3 flue W. A., flats; lot 25x122:6; rents
$78 60 month. - . : ■ ,
$8,250 — Mission business corner; stores aad
flats; rents $64 month. >
$5,200 — Lot' 83xS0; fiats and rear house; now ■
renting for- $45 month. ' •' ' ' .
$4,000 — 3 small flats south of Market; rents
$35 month ; make offer. * - .'
BUILDERS'. REMODELING CHANCH. .
$9,000 — SB. corner Sutter and Scott sta.; 10
room residence; change into flats and
4 stores below will rent easily for $170
month; cost about $5000.
RESIDENCES.
$15,600 — Callfornia-st residence; large lot
and grounds; 12 rooms and bath. '
$18,000 — Pine st; lot 68:9x137:6; roagnlfcent
residence. 11 rooms and bath.
• $8,600 — 11-room modern residence; vicinity
Tremont ave. and Frederick st; 25
ft lot; cheap.
We have lots of fine residences.
LOTS.
$28,000 — Elegant marine view, unsurpassed;
over 62 feet front and. 140 feet depth,
with L; Pacific Heights.
$20,000 — Splendid 80-foot corner in the whole-
sale section;- can make secured lcace
with new building for $180 per month. !
; $6,780— 50x137:6 feet; Pacific Heights.' j
$4.600— CO feet on First ave. boulevard, dose |
to Lake st i
$1,600— 6th ave.. close to park; 80 minutes
from Market and Kearny sts.
. . SPECK & CO..
209 Montgomery st'
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE COMPANY.
613 CALIFORNIA ST.
$15,000—84:4x127:8; north line of Jackson st.
near. Buchanan; well built house of 15
.. rooms and bath.
$5,000 — Larkln St.. near Greenwich.;" Improve-
ments consist of house of five rooms
and bath; renting for $25.
$4,750— Clara st, near Fifth; 4 modern flats
of o and 6 rooms; renting for $49 a '
month.. LSZz:^ . '
$7,000 — Broadway; - near Van Ness ave,: im-
provements consist of two flats of 5 and
6 rooms. ■ ■
$32,600 — A NW. corner, east of Fillmore st. 80
xlCO; Improvements consist of 7 modern
flats, renting for $231 per. month.
$20,000— Corner Sacramento . and. Stciner; lm-
. provements consist of cottages and fiats,
. " renting; for $132 5.0 per month; street
-■if, . work accepted.
$12,750 — 25x100: three.. new flats on the north
line of Pine st.. near Fillmore; renting
. - ; for $105 per month.
$7,600—25x107:6; Sacramento st, near Spruce;
2 modern flats of 5 and- 6 rooms and
bath; renting for. $60. • i
$11.000— 26x80;. 4th st.. near Folsom; Improve-
ments consist of a 2-story house, with
store and flat above; there' has been no !
. vacancy in the last 4 years. i
$8,280—23x125: Clayton st, near Frederick; ;
well built, modern residence, 10 rooms
and -bath. ' -
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Do you realise that the growing city of San
Francisco has only a small area of
Ocean Beach?
Astounding prices' wJU be obtained. for lots
'fronting tbe ocean, in near future.
We offer the only graded lots 'fronting right
■ on boulevard, ocean and park.
$450 to $1000 — Unobstructed ocean and park •
vtew. Lots on easy terras. None like
.them in this city. . Selling rapidly at
our low prices and terms.- Don't
. miss this opportunity;- see '
- them to-day.
$100 to $350— Near park and ocean; $8 monthly.
Get off car at our Oceanslde branch office on
* corner H st and 47th ave., open dally
and Sunday.
$800 to $1100 — Choicest Sunset and Richmond
. - lots. On Installments.
' i
$100 ' to $400— Level Excelsior Homestead lota.
Near cars. .$5 monthly.
$1280 to $3000— Modern cottages In Sunset
- -', Richmond, Oceanside and Mission;
• easy terms, j
' BOL GETZ,& BON, Owner* and Dealers.
Room BV fourth floor, Chronicle bld».
$3400— NEW 8 r. and b. house, on Preelta ave •
,- $800 down,' balance $30 'per - month
$2780— House . 8 r. and b. ; 47 Arlington* "st ;
■would .make two Bice flats. 7 . • • • ■
$2C00— New cottage, 6 r,- and t>. ; : 27T London
• «t.t,$600 down, balanc.es like .rent. ' ■: .- /
■ D. COFFIN, 2528 Mission etv- near 2lBt
-tEAIi ESTATE— Crrx"— gQB SAXJB. '.* ' jj
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEB & CO.. ' '
, '218 and. 230 Montgomery Bt. ,
Mills Building. '
$18,000— Sth at. next- to .corner . of Mission;
40 ft. 'front, with frame improvements. >
,1: '- j •', ■ * . ' •' ______ : ]
$12,000— Central ave., near McAllister; store
.and 8 flats <new building); rents $115 a
month; 1 rooms and bath; lot 25x106:3 ]
feet. ■ • " ■ '■ • ]
■ ■ . - . ■• ; |
$8.26°— Pay, $85 per month; new building; i
store and two flats above; store leased
for five years.
$80,000— Sacramento «t, near Devlsadero; five
pew -flats, leased for $250 per month;
.lot BBxI27:8K feet;.muat be sold. \
$35,000— MARINE VIEW RESIDENCE.
First floor; large living room. 34x17 feet; fln-
- ■ • lshed In oak. with beamed celling; re- }
ceptlon . room. dining-room. kltch'en, i
etc. ; hardwood floors throughout.
Second floor: Contains 4 bedrooms
and hath. . i (
.Attic: Contains 3 rooms and bath; ,
lot 05x127 :9ft; view can never be taken ,
• w *y.'.- . i
$C,80O— Larkln corner, near Lombard: grand ' I
marine view of Golden Gate and bay; '
lot 25x105:0 feet. !
$5.500— Rents ?55 a month; 4 modern flats 3 i !
and 6. rooms and bath; alway» rented;,
■ ;_r P r0De rty is positively a bargain at
$8500; near Valencia and 14th sts. j (
$13,500 — Flllmore-'st. business property; store ' ]
\ and 2 flats; rents $80; rented very low; : '
close to transfer point; lot 25x90:6 ft.
to alley. .
$7.750— California st. near Baker; two fine
flats; 6-7 rooms and bath; rents $65; lot
- 25x90:2 feet.
$17,500— Valencia st, near 22d; best block on
Valencia St.; fri feet front with two
stores and one dwelling; rents $80; this
Is gilt-edge. -
MARINE VIEW.
EXTRA LARGE" LOTS.
Overlooking the Golden Gate; 27th ave.. !
north of Lake st. ; these lots especially '•
adapted for :homes. being 37:0 ft. wide '
by a depth of 120 feet; price $1300 tach; .
or. terms; street work and sewer com- ;'
plcted. Agent on land Sundays to show !
lots. . . i
$12,000— Pays $125 a month; small street i
south of Market, near Sixth; r«nts can 1
-be raised; lot 5Cxll7:6 feet: fln« in- 1
vestment. ■ I |
$15,000 — Ellis st. near Park: substantial im- | i
provements; lot 27:6x120 feet to rear ]
street; fine investment. i
$7,000— Shrader st. near Carl; flats . 8-7
. rooms and bath; Just finished: 'every -
modern convenience; rents $60 per 1 •
month; both flats leased; lot 25x100 feet; i
an exceptional bargain.
$5,700— Bhrader st, near Carl; Panhandle;
residence Just finished; every modern
' . "nproyement; ■ 7 rooms and bath; lot
25x100 feet; very artistic.
$23,000— Beautiful marine view residence on :
Washington st, near Locust; thoroughly '
modern In every respect; containing all
up-to-date conveniences; lot 55xl27:SU
— ______-'" 1
POPE TRACT. '
«•-=-.., ELEt3ANT RESIDENCE LOTS. !•
CKEAM OF THE PANHANDLE PROPERTY, j «
SITUATE ON COLE, SHRADER. GRAT- '
TON AND ALMA STREETS. '
FIRST SUBDIVISION. '
Streets and lots graded, macadamized and '
sewered; every lot ready to build on. For '
further particulars, prices, etc.. Inquire at our 1
office. Special inducements offered to builders. •
Get a copy of our printed list of properties '
SHAINWALD^ BUCKBEE & CO. {
218 and 220 Montgomery et... Mills b'ldg.
CM. WOOSTER" CO., 648 MARKET ST. i
$85,000— New modern C-story brick hotel 84 ,
rooms. 24 baths; complete In all details; well '
established ; 4 blocks' from Ellis" aod Powell ,
■ts.; north of Market; lot 37:6x137:6 to rear '
street; property ! aotoss the 1 street i lold last
month -for $1000 -per' front* foot:' building" cost
over $85,000 to build; a great buy. ,
REDUCED TO FORCE SALE.
A great south of Market sf bargain; rents
$689; price $4660; eight tenements; close to
Fifth and Folsom; always rented: fine condi-
tion;;. brick foundation; lot 26x75; .don't fail '
to see this;- it's exceptional value..,
$5B0O-^ well built modern flats on Grove __,"• .
rented low-. for $630; lot. 25x137:6.
$7250 — Three new modem up to date flats In i
the best renting: portion of the Mission; rent ;
$S40; lot 20x100; an exceptionally good bar- i
gain. . . ., "
$450O-^-Grand Mission corner: 2 flats: 6
rooms and bath; cottage and stable; 3 stalls;
large loft; always rented; pays $402.
$4000— Rents $480; can easily be Increased;
4 substantial, well built flats in the best con-
dltion; near Sixth and Foleom.
$3400 — Reduced from $3750; 4 well built 3-
room flats paying $420; always rented; near
Eighth. and Bryant sts.
. $37,500— Grand NW. corner on Mission st,
between First and Second; 25 feet frontage on I
Mission; 100 feet frontage on, side street; 25 •'
feet frontage on rear street . i
$11,500— Devlsadero st.,' near Eddy; 3 mod-1
ern flats, 7-7-7 rooms and- bath; rents $1200. '
. ' • SUNSHINE. • !
FRUIT TREES. ' FLOWERS.
$6000 — Two handsome new motfc-rn flats In I
the heart of the Mission warm belt, between
Guerrero and Valencia sts.; rents $824; SO !
foot lot; 3 rooms and bath each; a beautiful
income-paying home. ' • • .
C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 645 Market gt.
TITLE INSURANCE AND TRUST COMPANY
410 MONTGOMERY ST.
MOVED FROM MILLS BUILDING TO MORE
COMMODIOUS QUARTERS IN >
HAYWARD BUILDING.
. CAPITAL ONE MILLION DOLLARS.
THE IMPORTANCE
Of knowing that the title to your property Is j
clear anj Incontestable is most apparent !
when, you figure, up the expense rff litigation |
and the possible loss . of your Intortats. ! |
We examine titles, and If through weak- I
ness. they are subject' to dispute or contest !
we protect you ogalnst all loss by insurance, i
Doesn't cost much either.
1% A POLICY IN THis COMPANY is an ab-
solute protection to you an<l the cost moJ--
' erate. . . ' ( !
_____ '.- ■■
' THE ONLY SAN FRANCISCO TITLE IN-'
SURANCE COMPANY having a complete IV |
c-ality plant or copy of the real estcte recorda. !
con.tructed especially for Insuring real' estate .
titles Jlke modern plans of. New York. Boston,
Chicago and Eastern cities; reasonable rates; 1
regular trust company business transacteuV
under State charter: all matters controlled and
managed by the following .. '•■
DIRECTORS AND TRUSTEE3:
WILLIAM ALVORD. .
CHARLES B^ISHofe fgt °' j '
ROBERT BRUC V E Ce *•* ° C Call ' OrnI *- j
HENrV L. DAvis 0 ' BaK0Ur ' GUthr " & ° P -
P. N. LILI^Tife 1 Callf ° raIa ° Pt!Cal C °-
.WARREN. 0LNi B /. er S^S?SS BaDk "
CHARLE^P^E 01 " 6 "' AU f' Bnd Coun " 10 "-'
Page. McCutcheri & Knight, Attys.
A, T. SPOTT,S. .... . .
Mgr. Cal. Title Ine. and Trust Co.
JOHN R. SPRING, . , .,
' '.--.,. Capitalist. 530 California at.
■;•; LOTS $10 PER MONTH. -
LOTS $10 PER MONTH. ,
LOTS $10 PER' MONTH.
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES. •
PRICE $350'AND UP.
P TAKE GUERRERO AND 14TH ST. CARS.
GET OFF AT CORNER CASTRO AND
CHENERY STS.
•SEE THESE LOTS TO-DAY; B5 HOUSES
BUILT AND IN COURSE OF ' CONSTRUC-
TION ON THIS TRACT." WATER MAINS
LAID. STREETS GRADED, SEWERED AND
MACADAMIZED, ALL . READY TO BUILD
ON__. ONLY A FEW ' STEPS FROM THE
CAtfS. CONVENIENT TO STORES,
BCHOQLS AND CHURCHES. . > v.
; REPRESENTATIVE ,ON V GROUNDS EV-
ERY DAY AND SUN DA Y. . - ' •
... .RIVERS BROS.,' 205 MONTGbMERY ST.
NORTHEAST • CORNER/, • - "■ '' '" • ' :-'.-'--"-t- .
-• • . FOR HALE, — . h
.... Lot 60x100 and . Improvements, , consisting cf
.' ham, • stableb. sheds,- corrals; -title guaran-
teed; $7500; If It suits make offer. JULIEN
SMITH, real estate agent, . 420 -Montgomery.
$5150— HOUSE, and lot, 8 rooma; nearrpark.
■$1050,eoch— Mission, road r business lots. -- '
: $775— Cor.. 27:6x100; Cst, nr. v park and cars.
H. E. POEHLMAN, .-304 ■ Montgomery st, \
,. BEAT. ESTATB—-CITT — PO» _gj__gbj
LYON * HOAG. 118 Montgomery »»•
Bend for our printed " list " of properties foe
-ale in all sections of the city.
FLATS NEAR MARKET. •
$4,000— Submit offer; 2 good flats of 4 and 5
rooms and bath; large lot assuring abundance
of sun and light: rents $396; street bltumln-
lzed; within a block of ganches and Market.
BEAUTIFUL NEW HOME NEAR PARK.
$7500— $1500 cash, balance $100 monthly;
English basement bouse; brand new; 10 rooms;
latest sanitary plumbing; lots of sun; key lot;
big rooms; 2 blocks from Haight and Cole;
good neighborhood; now leased for one year at
100 per month.
TWO FLATS CHEAP.
$3000 — Rents £432; near 18th and Hattie: 2
flats, 4 and fi rooms and bath; everything In
first-class condition. •
SPLENDID INVESTMENT.
$3500 — Two flats of 6 rooms and bath each;
lame lot. 2700 square feet; abundance • of sun
ana light; street blturoinized; near Hampshire
and 23d sts.
• GOOD PROSPECTIVE VALUE.
$2750 — Two-story building, 7 rooms and bath:
arranged for 2 families; 2 sinks, etc.; rent $35;
near Castro and 24th-st. cam
BARGAIN SOUTH OF MARKET. N-
$4250 — Near 7th and Mission; 2 flats. 4 rooms
each, and rear house pf 4 rooms; recently re-
modeled and put in first class shape; porcelain
sinks; rents $408.
GOOD-PAYING INVESTMENTS.
$2600— Rents $300; 2 good substantial flats in
fine condition, 4 rooms and bath each; near
22d and Church.
A SNAP— MISSION COTTAGE.
T350O — Good cottase of B large roora3 and
bath; driveway and stable; exceedingly well
built; lot over 30 ft. frontage; 6treet accepted; |
make offer; near Howard and 23d sts..
ELEGANT PROSPECTIVE VALUE.
$5500— Rents $570; 2 exceptionally well-built
flats. Just completed ; contain 4 . and 5 rooms
and bath: finished In lat?st style; street bltu- !
minized; Clement st. These flats are bound to ,
increase in value. ■ 1
COMFORTABLE HOME IN MISSION.
'$2000 — Good cottage. 5 large rooms and bath.
In fine condition; 10-ft basement, driveway,
etc. See this at once. Hampshire st. .
LYON A' HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
EXTRA LARGE LOTS.
. 'LOWEST PRICES IN THE CITY.
If you want a good large lot at a moderate
rrlce look at these we are offering in the
Jorclftn tract, near California st. and 1st ave.
Prices *l«50, $1700. $1SOO and $1850.
No lot less than 30 feet front; nearly all
lots 3.1:4x120; streets SO feet wide, graded,
sv.vere^ and macadamized: water and gas on j
the tract. - !
Terms, one-fifth cash, balance .In 1,' 2, 3 t
p.nd 4 years. j
Building restrictions, prohibiting the erec-
tion of any building' for other than residence
purposes. Including not more than two fiats to
a lot, are, enforced; no stores, etc.; thes* re-
strictions and the large lots, together with the !
low i-rices. make It safe for you to buy and ,
build.
: Lots adjoining this property are selling for
much more money; where can you buy for
$55 a front foot land as desirable or at apt !
to Improve as this? Excellent car facilities;
Eddy, Sacramento, Sutter apd Geary st. lines;
send for diagram with prices.
LYON & HOAO,
111 Montgomery st.
ATTENTION! ~~ ~~ —— —
ATTENTION!
Look at the splendid lots We are selling on
the sunny side (north) of Waller St., be-
tween Ashbury and Clayton: you can have
what frontage you like; depth 137:6; ac- j
c<rted street; level lets; stone v.-elks, etc.;
the price Is only $110 a front foot, or $2750
for 25x137:6; jyst a few of these, the best
and cheapest in the Panhandle district.
LYON & HOAO.
116 Montgomery St.
DO YOU WANT
A FINE LOT
FOR $850;
$100 CASH. $10 MONTHLY?
If so, look at tho«e in ths block bounded
by J and K ets., 10th and 11th avea. ; pricea
tKO to «950; only 2 blocks from Golden Gate
Park and electric cars: on a slight elevation,
commanding magnificent views of Park, ocean
and the Golden Gate: lots at this price, well
located and with unsurpansed vietve, are cheap
at above prices; the terms are so easy tt will
be your own fault If you do not eecure one or j
more; an investment here Is safe and will \
prove most profitable.
. . LYON & HOAG.
110 Montsomery st.
$2S0O — NICE eottsge; warm belt: near Bryant
ave. and 21st St.; lot 29x100.
$2600 — Cottage, near . 23d and Valencia; lot
32x05.
$2000 — Modern cottage, near Falrmount School;
lot 25x112. •.
$3000 — Cottage of S rooms; one block from
' Ocean boulevard.
$4500— New .cottage, 5 rooms, etc. ; Third ave.
and n xt. : . lot 34x05.
$GDOO — 2-story house of 10 roomi. etc.. near.
Haight and Broderlck sts.: lot 25x100.
JOSEPH STRAUO, 6.'J0 Market st.
POST st, bet Octavla and Lapuna; lot 25:10x
120 ft; running through to rear street; Im-
provements consist of 2 cottages; excellent lo-
cation. for modern flats; $7500; terms.
Oceanslde cottage; a bargain: near 4-room
. . 'cottage on 48th- ave.: lot 25x114; $1700; $100
cash, balance like rent: price reduced for
quick Bale. W. N. RUSSELI*
301 California st, San Francisco.. Cal.
A GOOD WAY TO START THE NEW YEA"r!
Buy a lot in tha city of Richmond, Just |
across the bay from San Francisco, where the
Standard Oil Company, Santa Fe Railroad and
ether big corporations are spending millions of
dollars.
ONLY $5 PER MONTH.
Ssnd for maps free.
■ RICHMOND LAND COMPANY,
Crocker BuildLig. San Francisco.
IF not satisfied with properties as advertised
. tn THIS column, see our ads in Oakland and
Berkeley columns. S. M. DODGE & SON,
1100 Broadway, Oakland. 2131 Center st,
Berkeley.
START new year right: 7-room houses; every-
thing modern: 20 minutes from Kearny st. ;
small ' rash payment, balance Installments
some as rent MOISE.. owner, 320 Sansoms.
HOUSE of 7 rooms; large bath; ceilings fres-
coed; love,ly garden, driveway arjd stable; 25
xlH; V, block of Nee and Twenty- fourth sts. :
Box 3615. Call office. >
HOUSE of two rooms and lot; $350; terms.
R. B., 115 Bennlngton st
HOUSES and flats built cheap: plans free;
easy payments. Builder, 436 Parrott bide
GOOD work our motto; price* moderate. AHL-
BACH Si MAYER, plumbers. 833 Howard st
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly !
Call. 16 pages, sent to any' address In the:
United" States or Canada one year for $1, I
poFtcsre paid. . - . • !
HA YW A EDS BEAT. ESTATE.
$175 PER acre, "0 acr*s unimproved; fine lo-
cation fcr chicken ranch; good orchard
land: 1*A miles from Haywanl. "
$7."fi0 — 25*4 acres: home S roptns; barn; out-
• buildings: tank and mill; mostly In. fruit
■ and crapes; riles location; 2 miles from
Hoyward.
$4750 — \Vi acres; pood house of 7 rooms: barn:
mill P.nd tank; partly In fruit; chlcken-
hcugts nnd yards; 300 chickens, cow,
hofne,. harn«B3. waion end farming im-
plements; nice fconv; 1 mile from tewn.
?2Cr,0— 10 acres.; small hou**; bnrn; chickea-
iicuse and yards; partly" 'In fruit and
Briipcs; near new boulevard; 1 mils from
electric cars; ' tills ts a snap.
$1200 — 7 acres; house of C rooms; bam: C ohlck-
tn-hotises: mill and tank; running water
through place'.year around;' 2 miles from
Hay wards: close to school; improvements
worth price aeked for whole. r
KAMAYE & STANTON.
• Cai<tp.\ near A *t. Hay ward.
EEAL ESTATE— COTJ1TTRY — For Sal*.
A BEAUTIFUL Swiss chalet and outhouses,
all up to date, and 0 acres of rirlme land
planted to applci; situate on Lake Pinto;
' climate and scenery unsurpassed; 2^.. miles
north of Watfonville, Santa Cruz Co.; gram-
mar school within a few hundred yard*: 50-
acre apple orchard adjoins a]?ove; will bo
'-. sold separately or as a whole; owner absent
from State: wires : us. "Bell."- •
GAFFEY & MAHON,
- -, . . ■ 11 Montgomery *t, S. F.
FOR- rale tir i*xchange — $2S.OOO; 212 acres. 10
minutes from St Helena, Napa Co.; 65 acres
resistant vines; is under a high state of cul-
tivation and is tha best watered farm In the
West; splendid modern residence and feut-
bulldlr.gs; this is one of the finest cdur.jry
properties that has ever been offered on the
j Pacific Coast, . and hns cost the owner $«i5,-
000; might. exchange for San Francisco prop-
erty: good reasons for sacrificing: let us give
, you f nil .particular*. . OEO- F.,. COSBY," room
105, Bacon block. Oakland.
$1SOO— IN Lafayette, 'Contra Costa Co.. Smiles
frotti Berkeley, 3 well improvwl acres," with
good bo£«e uf 5 rooms find hath, barn, chlck-
<n-houses, etc.; Kocd place for store.' anJ also
cne nf- the best olaccs In California for a
well paying chicken ranch; this Is an Al bar-
gain for seme one find will not last long.
GEO. ■ F. COSBY, room 105, Bacon block.
■Oakland. .
FOR sale— 300 acres",- ntar Geysorvllle, Sonoma
•Co. -.' fine 'for orances.". lemons and fruits or
■ 'all kinds: very rich soil; situated on the Rus-
sian 'River: will ■ produce anything for table
ute; must ba-sold. J. P. HALE. 2315 Shat-
tuck -ave.. 1511 Shattuck ave., Berkeley;
phon-% Mason 2102. - \.
$3000 RANCH, improved, 100 acres.^ for $1000;
forced sale.- Box 3S 13. Call office. :
CONTRA Costa County Reat estate for sale,'
Bend for list D. J. WEST. Martinez, CaL
XEAX, ESTATE— COlTHTBT—gog Salfc^
WHITE & BATLEY.
Successors' to '
TV. J. WHITE. _„„_
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
ilvlnx streams run several miles through tne .
property: careful estimates D» BC f. b ave I
Jtumpage at 125.COO cords, for which we bave .
in offer of 25 cents per cord on C"*>. tra , ct r , w " r !
.-ash payment annually whether wood Is CJt or
sot: wood alone more than pays for the place. ,
$12,50O-3S6 acres rich alluvial soil; - mlle ! .
sf two thrivinc railroad towns and not lar
from LodI, San Joaquln County; •« a " a i mo , or
jrchard: gcod house. « rooms and house ror
Help; fine barn holding 100 tons; wagon sheJ.
slackamith .hop; windmill. 5O0O gallon tanK.
fenced, and cross-fenced; terms or exchange.
JSoS^ffi^' 1 n-ilecf Mvermore;
10 acres healthy, full bearing vineyard; about
1 acies fruit; plain dwelling; barn; good well
md windmill; 2 years" crop will pay for tws ,
? $3obo— 25 acres; 1 mile of Courthouse and '
HIzh School: 5 acres fine alfalfa; 10 acres
BarUett peara and almonds: balance a"^ 1 * \
land: 2 wells; fully equipped pumping pia.ni. ■
iTi-elllncr, barn, poultn' houses; drying plant, i
t»alf cash. _. .
$4000—38 acres level loam land near Elmira,
12 acres apricota, 12 French prunes; family
Jrchard: 5 acres Bartlett pears; 5-room cot-
uure; barn: 12 poultry houses; broodar
houses: 2 wel!s; windmill and tank: would
fubdlvide on eaay terms or accept unlmprovea
lots in part payment. _' • v, -
J0OO— Almost adjolni, stores, P. O. ana o
miles of Anderson; 10 acrea; 8 acres bearlns j
peaches; cabin 16x24; under irrigation ditch; ;
arell fenced; poultry men. Investigate quick.
$1000 cash required, balance any time to
please you; 40 acres all under fine irrigation
■ystero; 25 In fu!I bearing fruit; 5-room and !
bath cottage: barn stable: 5 acres rich hay j
land for alfalfa; balance timbered pasture; 1
mile of Courthouse apd depot: don't wait to |
write, but come and Investigate.
$300 dov/n; 1 mile of R. R. town; 18 acres
level black loam; no buildings: well fenced:
13 acres full bearing pears and French prunes;
Rna creek for poultry; price $2000. any terms.
$4000— Beit hop land in Sonoma County; 40 J
»cres, 0 miles of Santa Rosa; large hophouse;
J head of Jersey cows; hogs; 400 hens; wagon,
buggy, 2 sets of name**, span horses, farming
tools, dairy utensils, furniture: buy this and
make money faster than they do In the Mint
$8500 — Close to Napa City; 50 acres rich,
level land; 35 acres In orchard 12 years old:
good 8-room "house; -large barn, windmill and
tank; drying plant, poultry yards; horses, cat-
:le: farming tools; good furniture: fine Income;
half cash.
$2500—25 acres, half rolling and balance
level: near Santa Rosa, 3 miles of Kenwood:
rich land: 2 acres orchard: vineyard; creek, 2
wells: nice cottage, 5 rooms; large barn;
fenced into 4 fields: 5 poultry-houses, large
a-lre netting yards, 150 laying hens: good .
dorse. 3 cattle; sprlnr wagon, top buggy; 4
Lons hay; easy terms. . i
$4750— On Guadaluj>e Creek, south of San [
lose; 33 acres; 12 in full bearing orchard in!
Ine condition; balsncs gently sloping fine hay !
and; fine creek: 2T. magnificent oak trees: 4- |
'tjom cottage; good stable: fin* income: we :
bare a choice list of small homes in Santa
riara County; pleased to drive you around and
ihow them.
$2050—2 miles of Sonoma City; 10 acres level
rarden soil; 8'-i acres^bearlng vines; 1 acre
'rult; good dwelling, barn, poultry-houses;
lorse, wagon, carts, plow's, 3 sots harness.
:ools, wine press, tanks and casks; furniture;
ine crop. . ,
tlTOO— 23 acres, close to Callstoga; adapted
0 vines and trees: family orchard; co«y 3-
•oom cottaee; "feed .barn: fine water.
$400 down — 5 acres good land, with new,
:iard finished cottage of 5 rooms and bath;
arge brooder-house. 2 Incubators, brooders; all
'arwlnff tools; near Petaluma: price $2GO0.
$5500 — Only 1 mile of Haywards: 27 acre*
Ine land; 4 acres bearing orchard: modern
louse. 6 rooms and bath: finest barn In county.
Hone cost $4000; fine view; this is tbe- beat buy
n the vicinity.
LODI. LOPI.
The town that has the "SNAP" to it; the
lection that has the most fertile soil in tie
;an Joaquln Valley; fine roads; water trans-
portation.
We are subdividing a choice tract In 10-acrt
lots: only 2Vi miles from town; surrounded by
nodern homes and fine orchards and vineyards;
loll rich, black, sandy loam, 12 feet deep;
rchool on the tract: $73 per acre; this will not
s?t over 30 days: flr3t come, first served.
$12C0 — 10 acres In vine and fruit belt, near
LodI: Fandy loam; 5-room house and barn.
fiend stamp for the largest and most dlversl-
led printed list en the coast
WHITE A BAYLET.
Successors to
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery st. room 8.
Property Exchange a Specialty.
BURS * YOUNG,
10 Montsomery etrett. Phone John 1S38.
LOOK AT THESE BARGAINS.
$700 — U'.j acres all cleared; facing main
;ounty road: close to stores, churches, etc.;
3 miles from Watsonville.
$15CU — 5 acres level land; good dwelling: U
nlle from R. R. station: near small town, 6
Tiiles'from Watsd'nvine: would make splendid
poultry- ranch. - • • . __'
■*:)30 l u — 6 acrea of rich land: modern. 5-xoom
iw»ltln*; 2 mile* from Watsreaville on. main j
:ounty road; 4 acres Newtown pippin apples;
jne of the finest homes in Pajaro Valley; elec-
:rlc cars will run by this place inside of
iext twelve months. - • ■ '
$5000—15 acres, a miles from Watsonville:
10 acres -In apples, apricots and berries; good
>-room house, barn, etc.: 1 cow, 250 chickens,
2 horses, double . and single waguns, 1 disc
sultlvator. 1 plow, 2 harrows, 12 tons hay;
loueehold goods and all farm implements; also
jrowing crops go with, the place.
*300O— 5i> acres hill and valley land, 3 miles
from Calistoga; 1 mile from .school house: 7
lcres bearing vines. 3 acre* orchard; good 6-
room house, barn and outbuildings; well; good
Income. • •
$1200—3% acres, one-half mile from Calls-
toga; 5-n.om house, 200 fruit trees.
$3560—32}. acres fine valley land: 3 miles
from Call-toga; 2-atory house, barn; near
■chool. .
$2700—8 acres sandy land, 4}j miles from
Petaluma; house, 5 rooms and furniture, barn,
1 brooder houses, G brooders, 4 poultry houses,
B acres vineyard; sold last year's crop for $200
Dn vines: 30 laying- hen», 500 pullets 3 months
old. C0O-- chicks S weeks old; wagon, harness,
plow, cow, etc.
$4300—12 acres coed sandy loam: 7-room
house end bath, barn and windmill, tank, very
Kood orchard; near town. '.
$1500—14 acres*. Y t mile from Cloverdale; cot-
tage, 5 rooths and basement; good barn and
poultry houses, several springs of water, good
bearing vineyard, small orchard. ;
$3100 — 10 acres, house 4 rooms, pantry,
cloiet, etc.; Kocd barn, windmill and tank: I
water plDed to different places; 5 poultry j
houses. Incubator and store house, 240 hens, 1
SCO chicks, sow, famliy orchard; gocd money- *
maker.
$1500— C4 acres hill land, 3 miles from Mar- !
tines, % mile from ytation; 30 acres plowed I
land, balance pasture; barn, wagon shed, fine I
spring water; lot growlnx oak. (
525(;0 — 20 acres. Hi miles from Clayton: |
Rood house. 1 rooms, bath: chtcken yards and ,
houses, wagon and tool shed. 2 acres of or- !
chard and vineyard, soring water Dlped to .
I'.-iuw and barn; all good tlllabU sell, espe- ;
cially fine for grace?.
S50 per acre — 120 acres of hill and valley
land. 4 miles from Martinez on country road;
all cood' tillable land; fair house of 4 rooms;
large barn, cransry. well, wlrdmill, tank,
clstoxn. famliy orchard;- nicely located.
S45 per acre — 42 acres rich rolling land.
mile from Aronaa and 6 miles from Watssn- j
villc: laxocn en place; splendid buy.
•'$30CO— ;!5 'acres of land: good dwelling and !
l.nrn: s;>rine water; 2 acrea timber. 6 acre3
potatoes, balance grain; t> miles from Watscn-
ville.
TO EXCHANGE.
C-room cnttase, worth $2500. Jn Oakland, for
ranch in Santa Crus Co. ; will pay difference.
Grocery, $1500: 5-room cottage, worth $2000,
fcr ranch not over $l(;0<>; will pay cash dlffer-
rnre ftr small ranch nrar hisrh school In north
half of State: also many ether city properties
to exchange f»r ranches.
Do you wish to buy city cr country real
estate in California? If so drop us a Une.
giving us a dcscrlDtlon and the locality you
rienire and wa will send you list of our beit
bargains. - ...
Have you city cr country real estate to sel:
or exchange, and want to find out tbe best
way to do so, by dropping u» a card, we wi!l
send you our plan free.
BURP, i YOUNG,
40 .Montgomery street . San Francisco.
$5000— SO ACRES of land, all under cultiva-
tion with improvements. In orchard section
of Sutter Cpunty; only three miles from
county -<at 'and on line of new Irrigation
ditch, ft---
A cnap if taken soon, but win not keep.
M. J. NEWKOM.
:-.'.:*. 408 Second st, Marysvllle, CaL
A SNAP. ''
$2SO0 cash will buy an &C0-acre stock ranch in
Sonoma County; house, barn, orchard and
vineyard; plenty of water and wood; es-
pecially sr.-.ml for hog railing; must t>«
sold within one month en account of dis-
agreement between owners. See P. C
LASSEN & CO.. 4C0 Tenth st. Oakland.
CaL • : •
FOR profitable Investments *»e our Sonoma and
Centra Cnsta County bargains ; chicken
>. nineties crrtiarijs and .. general farms, ltn-
x provel and unimproved; 10 acres up. HEDE-
MARK & JACK CO.. 11 Montsomery st
ATTENTION. HOMESEEKERSt
Send postal for catalogue cf the best lane
bargains In California. C. M. WOOSTER CO..
Us Market st
SONOMA County home; grapes, appl's. cher-
ries: over $icno Income above expenses.
JOHN A. 'WILLIAMS. Sebastopol, Cal.
FOR subdlvitlon— Three tracts; swellest prop-
ositions »n State. J. 1 R. .LEWIS. Real Estate
Agent. Kentf.eld. Marin Ca P. . O. Ross.
LOVELY home near town; house and 10 acres-
only $4C0. WINDOW. 458 Parrott bid*.
g/ty MATXO SSJLXt ESTATB.
' SAN MATEO ■■ ■ SAX MATEO
THE FINEST SUBURBAN RESIDENCES
DISTRICT • XEARSAN FRANCISCO.
w» have a choice list of excellent residence
' nrooerties villa sites and acreage. Dcn't fall
Hiw before buying. Investigate ; San. Mat*>
I % £ '*F "he ideal property of them alL Lou of
, rgoui one acre each. Bound to be most valu-
j able; $5)00 vp. A ,
HAYWARD ADDITION.
; Adjoining the towo. • Buslnesa anfl resident
! jot, street work complete. Covered with ma-
les tic oaks. Eaay terms. See our local agent.
Frank S. Grummofl. San Mateo olflce opo*
SUa< BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post «c
-~ LOMITA PARK. _
As an investment or for a home site, a 5>-
foot lot in Lomita Park offers exceptional ad-
1 vantages Only 43 minutea from the city oa
' rkrlar'MateV electric line: outside the fos
' ben- well located arid drained: artesian water;
1 streets graded- water and sewer pipe* laid.
TernVi-AVflrsT payment "of from $10 up and
i KalT^eTat $10 per month. EasUy within the
w£h Vail. First Placed on the market Aug-
ust 1 and over half now sold. Must be seen
lobe appreciated. Go down and I »nv«rWgjU or
wri;e to-day— to-morrow may be too Uta to
secure a t*ggj RODCERg & «,.,
Main C73 «« Calif orn!a
Also at TO)MITA PARK.
1 ElKHTJISST RZATj ESTATE.
J00O— ACREAGE: » to 10 aer« teaota. 1009
per acre; on S. P. R. R. track. .
! fioco— »-room house and lot; bath^ pantry and
j toilet: half block from electrto car*.
If you want suburban property see JAMES
j J. O'TOOLE, Elmhurst
$€00— ACREAGE: 0 to- 10 acr» tracts. |«0«
per acre; on S. P. B. R. track.
$1000— 4-room house and lot; bath, p_ctry aad
toilet: half block from electrla ears.
If you want suburban property see JAMZ3
7. O'TOOLE. Elmhurst.
COLMA BSAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE. COI __A R15AX. -STATO
Large lots; acre lands; near Une Ban Fraa.
Cisco. ' Inquire 418 Hearst bid*. It 8.
THORNTON.
FOX2TT KICHMOi VD K T!AT - SStTATS.
BARGAIN — Best hotel and bar in Point. Rich-
, mond- 36 rooms, well furnished; all ocou-
■ pled: illness cause of selling. S. R. "WOOD.
i 63& Market »t.
i P ASMS AUD Z&ASCSXtS TO I.S A33.
'• 20 ACRES: house 8 rooms, furnished; barn:
: e table; chicken houses: for a term of yeam:
cheap. JOSEPH 3TRAUB. 630 Market, a T.
BEAT. ESTATE TO EZCSA2TQZ2.
OAKLAND income property; trade for subur-
ban home or ranch. L. A. 8PENCSK IT*
Tenth St., Oaklat-J.
PEOPZBTY WAHTID.
WANTEE — Nice marine view Home In city.
from owner, at a bargain. Box 3949. Call.
!■■ '■
ALAMEDA ADVEKT'S'M'TS
! : jTr^J^T>AJBEAXi_E3TATS.
BEAUTIFUL Homes for Sals in Alameda.
' Beautiful Homes for Cale in Alamadta,
ON EASY TERM3L
ON EASY TETnia.-
BY THE ALAilEDA LAND CCt,
1500 Park st
Now is the time to purchase.
Look at our bargains.
Houses and lots at ail prices.
Terms to suit .
A FEW SPECIAL BARGAINS.
$2250 buys new 5-room cottage ;. good size tot:
a snap.
$2500 buys a new 5-room cottage; corner lot;
worth £3250.
$2500 buys 5-room cottage; lot 40x170; very
cheap.
$2750 buys new 6-rccm colonial house; lot SOx
203. . : ■
$2750 buys elegant 6- room house; .Clinton av*.;
a bargain. • ■ ■ .
$3500 buys 6-roora .1%-story colonial - home;
■ fine location: large lot • ...
$40C0 buys • 7-room -house; choice location.
$4500 buys S-room house ar.ti stable;, lot 50x130.
$5500 buys house cf 8 rooms and bath; flns-
corner lot; cheap; must be sold.
$C0O0 — 8 rooms and bath; lot 37:6x150; Central
An elegant 11-room furnished house oa Orand
st ; elegant location; for rent furnished.
Houses Built, Rented and Exchanged.
ALAMEDA LAND CO3IPAXT.
150O Park st. Alameda.
ALAMEDA PROPERTY.
A HOUSE FOR EVERYBODY".
Thirty lots from $10 to $18 per front foot;
five minutea from Fifth st station; $50 down.
balance easy terms.
, Homes from S1000" upon terms; must be
seen to be appreciated.
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE.
A fine 7-room house, modern, near . Morton
st. station; for San Francisco property.
. I JUST SUBDIVIDING.
1 One of the best blocks on Santa Clara av*. ;
3 minutes' walk to either narrow cr broad
< gauge station; will be sold on terms.
Suitable for a residence and large- garden:
electric cars pass the property: _ block of land
I on San Jc?e ave.. near Versailles station:
i 200x235; a bargain. • --.:.:
'l Also a block on Pacific ave., batroean-BSsntli
and Wocd sts.: fine location; cne block from
j Mast!ck station. ,-
J Two 4 -room fats tn fine location oa Psol3a
I ave.; at fi bargain. • ;* •
; One-stcry and basement cottage; cpp«r fiat
' pays invest— M»nt. ' ■ ■ ■
| A. R. DENKE, 1400 Webster st. Alaraeda.
; Or C. A. POIIEROY. 11 Montgomery st. 8aa
: Franclscfi-.
HOL'SE of » rooms, rents for $19. for sale fo»
$1250; must bc'sold at once.
Two small cottages; must be sold; $3C9
each.
Two 25- foot lots on macadamized street t
$300 each. » -
< OEO. L. LEWIS. 1S18 Park st. Aheaeda.
j $15- PER foot; 275 feet frontage; all street
work and sidewalks, or will build to suit. X.
H. YOUNG. 1-^i Park st.
BERKELEY APVERT'S'XTS
BEBKEXiET BT?*^ ESTATE.
THE uppermost desire is to seise op-
portunity to earn a profit os eacfe
investment This office ha* always
made a practice ofhandlms- and dis-
posing of properties strictly ea t&atr
merits. Intending- purchaser* as*
furnished with accurate aad reliable
information, as to expeadltares sad
Income.
CENTRAL REA1» ESTATD CO..
, 2119 Center st, Berkeley Statlca.
Key Route Terminus.
' A SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT.
FAIRVIEW PARK. - •
FAIRVIEW PARK,
VAIRVLEW PARK.
$900.
goo.
BEAUTIFUL BUILDINO aTXES,
50x130. including all street work and side-
walks comiiete. This. tract I* beautifully
located on' elevated ground: afford* a splen-
did investment cr a magnificent site for a
home; only Z5 mlsutes from San Franciseow
Remember the prices will positively - be
I raised en January 1. ■
■ Now is your 'opportunity.
JCSTEIt & BAIRD.
2i:rT Shattuck Avenue.
••We sell the earth."
8. B. KENF1EXD & CO..
REAL KHTATK.
SEE OUR LIST.
2113 SHATTUCK AVE..
TERMINUS KEY ROUTE.
$500^ — GOOD corner, COxlCO: near school and
car lines; If taken soon. $2C20r good 5-room
ccttage: lot 50x133: street work all don*.
• MTTLE * WOOLSEY, S110 Shattuek are.,
Berkeley. Cal. ■ ■
> HOLIDAY bargains in houses and Iota;
ranches for sale, to lease or exchanx*. Open
Sundays. D. R. RUTHERFORD, Notary.
! Renting, Collecting, Insurance. * Lortn, 8ou.t_
' Berkeley.BERKELEY ADVEUTS'NTS •
, ____ XI.EY EEAL TESTATE.
«,,-« e~« A KSAP-_2B IT! , ""
$14.A-$2T^ a\i\.. balance $15 jwr mcr.rh; new j
D-roc:u ccttag*. hot end .-..k". «afr, bath and I
MttV t-.gla —Fvnt-r.t. Lrick lourvisti-— ; 1 tltxk I
to cur:..
■TKIffl TTrr ja *.» js !arc» rooms; all mo-Jem ':
emi up-lo-Oatc. vlit a block >A lanU; wfll, I
•-ln_nlll and unK. t»tu-n. t,-hickfa-lwus». fruit !
iree>; nouw evil _vie ihau I am asking for
tae property.
$!<-> — New 5 :r<>si ccttige; lilgh basement. '
•la*, ntaiittl. stit:<it.*ry iut>. baths, toilet, etc.; !
— rj;* let; 1 tlccU from cars.
% -tiTSOO— $VK> cash. baUnw $25 p*r month; 8
• lr ** r->oir»s; al! tr.o-1-rn; Sut ."•■xlU.'i. fruit trees;
■n-ork all Ji-ne.
*->« la iviOO—S'.rctt work „ done; $25 cash. '
laiancc $5 and $10 j>er n, cn th.
$1.VX»— fcs-o cash, balance $13 rwr rccnlh; 4
larce rooms; g-jtd well tad city mater; lot 40
txsx
$S10&— $2TO cash. ba:a:v~e $20 iw rncnth: 5 ;
: «Te rooms and bath: sr.itionary washtubs;
aa* aiar.te!, high baatrr.cnt; cement walks;
»U-e.-t u-ork aU done; 2 blocks to both trains. !
$2»*>~ CUGO cash, balance flat mortgage; 8- i
rx>c_ house; lot 76»;1UJ: :: biocks to t:ain; re-
0uc*><: fxora i-iOOO '.or quirk Fale.
TV. i\ Moras. South BtTkeicy.
i
i
A I1EB— Y CIlBlSTilAS TO ALL. i
We know ihcse that ha%e tnrcsted in same j
of our '-gooi things" are having a merry i
* l.r.s.n a>. And .!.■_-■.- who have made up their .
— :!=£* ta invert is
A HOME IN BUKKIXET
Ar» fcaiinc a rr.erry «T-.ris*-mas in cor.templa- ;
ttoa of th«:r g;od ;uigmer.t and good fortune. |
Nothing will Lrlrg about such consummate
fc*pp:ae£s.
THINK ABOUT IT.
But don't th'.r.k too lor^: the world moves;
prices advance in a favorite ple.ee. lK>n't rr.lss
seirg tl»e McGEE TRACT.
FRANCIS KERRIER.
2".21 Shattuck ave.. Berkeley.
At tha K?y Ro-jte Terminus.
BERKEI.ET INVESTMENTS.
Beat United States bonds reveral times ;
over. PrwJiteJ by W. J. MURTIMKU _ CO..
Berkeley Station.
a439O — New modern home on Walnut st. ; rent-
ed tor $444 a year net.
$7250 — Two r.ew 7-room houses In North
Berkeley, cast of Shattuck ave.. one
block frcm c_-s. Rented for $7C2 a year
net.
$4200— Pretty new in— e en Vine st. near
cars. Rented fcr $402 a year net
$3650 — New modern l> 4 -story hcuse oa Arch
et. : rented for $324 a year net.
$6500 — Ep'.rndiJ home en Euclid ave.; rented
for $000 a vear net.
$45<X> — New horn*-. Just completed: situated in
the Wbeeler tract; rented fcr $450 a yetr
ret.
• This beats placing your mon^y In saving
bank-
■W. J. MORTIMER k CO..
2123 Center Street ,
Berkeley. Cal.
TOU know you are wondering what to give
that daughter of yours for* Xmas. something
that will last longer than most of the pres
ents she hae had; how would a lot in
FAIRVIEV.' PARK
Do? To-day and unr.l January 1 the price
of a large lot is only t»<V. and this Includes
all etr«-et work, sidewalks and tree planting;
if you cannot r>ay cash, you can get It on
pay— ert of orie-<juarter cash, say ***"».
This is better than a savings back, for the
land Is sure to rise in value.
Lots in the neighborhood that were put on
■ the market 2 years ago for $10CO are to-day
s-:'.:r.g fcr $2000 and more.
100 per cent is a pretty good profit in two
veare; take the electric car to-day at Lorln
end see the (end and get a map from
JOSEPH J. MASON,
SE. cor. Center and Shattuck ave.. Berke-
ley. ..-r 421 California rt.. San Francisco.
£TA— T THE SEW YEAR RIGHT BY MAK-
ING A GOOI> INVESTMENT.
♦ acr-s i0 joining the university grounds on
the fc«fct: framed road to land; living water on ;
it: pr.ee $-'0U>.
$1500— Large Int. 52x140: Berry-Bangs Tract •
n*ar Derby rt. and Telegraph ave.; fine f or •
h^iT!«- or ijuiTrimil
%~ii-si — s-n-<_m hcuse on Benvenue ave.. ecuth .
cf AsV.by. i
$"l<k — li-roum hiU5e on Oxford st. !
J-iir-i — C-r<W'm botase on Hearst ave.
.-mkll touj.f ;n Dairy Srcnlc Hark Tract; 3
■ blocks from U. «". grounds; magnificent marine !
rftv; Jufct the place tor students attending U.
C: nice $•'*»>; easy teims.
Nli-e 7-room Louse en Chtnning way. near
<"< 13f f.o a-.*-., fc* rent.
I*.. A. B_tttY *: CO.. P. O. Block. Berkeley.
TEE ! TST CHBSSTMA8 PRESENT
You «'a:i Give Your Wife Is
A Iit)ME IX BERKELEY.
You can grt a r.^at 3-room cottaire for $1400:
a «.-on:p!fte t-rr~m cottage for SltfOu; one of 5 ■
roon:.-. tast cf Grove, for $2250; a 6-room \
■ house for I27T.C: a fu!l-gromn 7-room house In ;
a fine locution, near in. for $3GC0; a r»-al nlc* i
S-room horn*, c'.osc to. station, for $1200: a \
beautiful fc-ro}ra place. giving delightful j
views, for $4>*>: r>r one o' 9 rooms in an eie- ■
gart !^>ctlity for $5500. These are all modern.
all r.ew or r«-ar2y so. have porcelain baths.
OB r*v«1 streets and are convenient to the '
BXdver— ty pr-d trains. We have others. If j
you art locking for a home see
. H. M. MARTIN H. S. BOWERS.
Or LYMAN ALLEN at 2129 Center st.
ALPKE & OORYELL, Reel Estate Agents.
liargain" in business pru;>?rty. residences and ■
residence K-ts. AVe have for sale many resl- i
den- e»> In choice locations at reasonable prices, j
from $!.V» unwarti; lots $250 to $2O00 and up- !
ward. :i rl-.»;»y • the '-fs: town in California '
lr. which to invert your money; 400 to 000 new :
h"uv>s bcilt In the part year; population ;
doublf-d in the i«ast thr^e years; property i
f ;.'.:• appreciating In value; taxes are rea- '.
•onabie enJ »' a residence city Berkeley is
rec«ai to non* on the coast. Best of references '
given Satisfaction always guaranteed. Cor- j
rrr^nnier.^t •olicit<>d. Any information you !
m?y c»*l:e will be readily given. 2139 Center:
«t. Berkeley. Cal. |
EEE serae of these bargains during the noli- j
tli&i—A rood B-room cottage, on lot 50x135. j
jjyoO— A 6- room eotiage. on good corner lot; i
etrwt work done; ?259 down. i
$2i5ft — Good 5-room house on lot 5<xl32; j
*'$25bo— 5-room home on let 40x122: $350 down, j
■ We fca^e a doien cr more modern homes •
frcm $2500 to $3200. oa very easy terms to '
tsurc!-e.9erB. eee us before renting or buying; |
w» hav« a number of cottages for rent from
f_ ut»., a!so a fire list of lets, some cf them
Clfi * NEEDHAM.
2ir.l Center St.. Berkeley.
RSAL ESTATE. INSURANCE.
WE BUY. Ft_L AND EXCIL*.NGE.
WILL BUTLD TOU A HOME
. ON EMALL PAYMENT DOWN.
BOUNCE PAKE AS RENT.
FACTORY SITES IN WEST
EEnKHLirr. with track
FACILlTiryi.
• A TT.W CHOICE BARGAINS
IN LOTS.
CHEXF.T A CO..
T ICMPORARY CUAKTEItS AT ROOM 12.
ITCIVERSITT SAVINGS BANK BLDG. j
CHENT-Y & CO. ' !
$<SGO COTTAGE 0 rooms, bath, toilet, city |
vrater; electric light; high basement; cor- ■
uer let. 50x100; chirken-bouse, tr*<s, etc.; \
c*i* $'00. b— ance like rent. (197S)
tZZZd New lU"«ory «h«— > roof house. 5 :
rooms, ba£a, 2 tellets; electric lights; city ;
water- large porch: Iot45r*5: nf-ar station; i
strtet' workjtnd cement walks done; easy
t»rmi. (16««)
H. D. 1RW1N. Lcria EUtion. South Berke-
; ley- Oren Euadays^ i
*2R00— AT 1423" Hear St.. one-half block from
B*r»clcr Ftatlon: n«w 5-room cottage, high
hs-w-nvnt; modern in every way; street work !
Vi75'> l^4-rooas cottage, wind mill and tank; j
lot 4'1I00; street r.ork complete; 2 blocks
fr^rr. North Berkclcr StaUon.
. f 1500—4 acres of land wl'.hla 2 blocks of
f-ieti^n, r.ot far cat: best buy east side ol
the ." : .
MORAN & SWAIN.
Opposite Berkeley Station.
IF jo-j war.: a brtse' In Berkeley, and have j
m. i:tt> cash, write to us what you want, i
v.-hat a*:re >««i want t--» pcy. and how much |
<ljwn. If we <Jo not lave it. will build fcr j
•you. fcr a sr^all cash ray~.eat, ba!ar.ce eaiae j
a* rent. ■
If vcu wart to foil, lirt v»i:h us. end if '
rrl^* >r risht ■« will stil U for you.
tt_I>~— Al— : i JACK CO.. 3217 Adejlae
?tr.»ct. L;rln, TJerkeley.
<:ity orfir.. 11 lionte-'jtncry.
P».-J Iliiiti. Insurr.nce. Contractors and
F. Gilders.
(t. M. DO1XSE & PON.
-"."1 C>r.t«r it. B&rk»ipy.
ronFxn/^suiJE sale.
W5fl — ' l!Olc« ba'.ldlnz lot. 45x125: OesJdn !
acd WooUey *ts.. Brrk»>y: street wrrt done; J
i.;....n::-.- lot frtli ye»;ter^ay: too z<xA to las f I
e. m. nopCE & son.
l\cn Hrcadway. Oaklsn-1. or '
21S1 Center sL, Berfceley.
' IF you want « chjJce business lot central lo- ,
• cxUdB. for :-.n Inve.firac^t, sure to adv&ace, I
• - vm thlx wcrk. '
t^7V> and $.t2V> — New cc-lonlal hcraees; cca- j
tr.il and crr.uln* lMirga!nt>. 1
A rn»oery. butchrr tiu p and wood, coal '
r.rd feed vx*nfi — All barraln?. i
isnniGG * HAJims. ;
XW. cor. Dwijrht way and Shattuck at-e. \
«1 ItOOMS. r=o4ern: lot 45x73: 3n» locati;m In
S^outh IVrkcl'-y : 4- blocks from Key Route- I
f2f-00: ?200 cash. ijlBr.^ JiV* rent " >
KT. N. BUS3ELU !
301 Call.'ornia. r».. San Fraa.-ikco, Cal. :
LOT for %i>. ccr. 4th and Uolyoke.sls., West!
■•rkeicj'. CaL '
BERKELEY ADYERT ? S y XTS
BEEKTLBT BEA_ ZSTATS.
0
t '
annual p_ocL__.vrioj*.
I All STILL AT THE SAME PLACE AND
DOING BUSINESS. IF YOU ARE LOOKING
FOR A HOME OR AN INVESTMENT. WHEN
YOU STEP OFF THE CARS AT BERKELEY
STATION ASK ANY LITTLE BOY OR GIRL
WHERE MILLS' (THE REAL ESTATE
MAS) OFFICE IS AND TIIET WILL POINT
IT OUT TO YOU.
WITH A CHRISTMAS GREETING. I RE-
MAIN YOURS SINCERELY.
MILLS. THE REAL E3TATE MAN.
21C7 SHATTUCK AVE.
S. M. DODGE & SON.
1160 Broadway Oakland.
2131 Center et.. Berkeley.
Established 1SU0.
...„ „ FORECLOSURE SALE.
$6o0— Choice building let. 41x123; Deakln
and Woolsry 8t s.. Berkeley: street work all
done; adjoining lot sold yesterday.
CHOICE SUBDIVISION.
LoU $500 to 51C00; various sizts; near Tele-
graph-ave. cars. Key Route and Southern Pa-
cific stations; 3 sold last week; nice homes to
be built Immediately.
S. M. DODGE & SON.
11WJ Broadway Oakland.
Or "
2131 Center St.. Berkeley.
7-ROOM house, let 50x135, gas, flower garden,
fruit trees; Lorin Sta. 1C27 Fair-view st.
FRUITVALE ADVT'SMXTS
rBPTTT A— E REAL ZST ATE. .
KEEP YOUR EYE ON THIS SPACE.
FRUITVALE BOULEVARD TRACT.
TWO CAR LINES; FINE SCHOOLS.
ON THE GRAND BOULEVARD.
EMALL CASH AND $5 MONTHLY PAY-
MENTS.
20C0 FEET ON HIGH STREET.
1000 LOTS. $100 TO » 150 EACH.
CHARLES F. LEE,
1222 FRUITVALE AVE.. FRUITVALE.
M. C. GIBSON.
1320 Fruitvale ave. Phone Vale 200.
If you have a lot partly puid fcr or If you
have part of tlie money to pay for a lot and
would like to start to build.
COME AND SEE US.
We have the plans or will draw them to suit
you and will build you a houne. pay the bal-
ance on your lot and furnish the money to
build with and let you pay it back in easy
monthly payments.
FOR RENT OR FOR SALE.
One acre and 4-room house, close to electric
cars; rent $15 per month; sale price $2500.
M. C. GIBSON
(Phone Vale 200).
1326 Fruitvale ave.. clot* to East I4ta St.
Open evenings end Sundays. .
SPECIAL
FOR THIRTY DAYS.
LINDA PARK. LINDA PARK. LINDA PARK.
Tte terminus of 5-cent fare, Haywards cars;
streets graded and graveled: etune sidewalks ;
depot on tract: lots from $50 to $200; $20 cash
a-id balance $10 per month: 15 blocks to local
trcln; best located property on San Lcaadro
road; graded school orf tract Apply to S. 3.
AUSTIN. 1101 Twenty-third ave.. Oakland.
$3800 — FOUR acres «n the San Leandro road;
two miles frcm Fruitvale; flat of 6 hard fin-
ished rooms above store; this would make
an ideal chicken ranch and is also a good
investment; 51000 down and balance mort-
gage at 7 per cent; this Is an unusual offer.
GEORGE F. COSBY, room 105, Bacon block.
Oakland.
A C-ROOM house with lot 50x100 within about
1 block from car line for $1000. This Is a
bargain.
A 10-aere chicken ranch outfit for sale;
cheap.
A few desirable dwelling houses for rent.
Apply to J. W. WILBUR & CO.. Upper
Frultvale. Cal.
ONE acre and cottage. $1500; .",i£ a.. $1750.
4 acres, $2OtJ0; 1 acre. $BCO; « acres. $4000
2 acres, cottage, well and tank; $2750.
Lot 5Cx250 ft; 3 room- cottare; $10<O. i
JUDSON - CO.. FrultvaJe.
OAKLAND ADVERT ? S ? -?TS
OFFICE. 1018 BROADWAY.
OAKX—JTP BE A— ESTATE.
~~~ CHAS. C. HULBERT.
6ucc«esor to Frank P. Lee.
Tel. Main 1024. 811 Broadway.
$1250— Good cottage: « rooms; lot 50x100;
near Telegraph ave.
BARGAIN LIST.
$2650 — Fine cottage, furnished: 5 rooms and
bath; 50-ft. frontage; on 21st st. near
Linden.
$3200 — Elegant new house of 7 rooms and bath;
gas and electric lie}-.t; near Telegraph
ave. ; will rent for $25 per mo., subject
to sale; $1000 cash, bal. $29 per rao.; lot
40x107.
We are the exclusive agent? for 2C fine lots la
Golden Gate; prices $275 to $300.
$3250 — Buys beautilul 2-siury house; 6 rooms
and bath; gas and electric lights; lot 37x
100; high ground; East Oakland; close to
two car lines.
COTTAGE.
$1SOO— Buys a nice cottage of ."> rooms and
bath: with lot 50x120; East Oakland.
$35CO — Buys fine 2-story. S-room house, nearly
netr, en beautiful Vernon Heights; mag-
nificent view; terms, $1200 cash, balance
$25 ;* r month, including Interest; lot "Mx
100; exclusive agents.
CHEAPER THAN PAYING RENT.
$2C50 — $C50 down, balance mortgage, for an up-
to-date two-story house of S rooms and'
bath, near San Pablo ave, and Southern
Pacific local.
FOR SEEKERS OF A FINE HOME.
. Most attractive houxe. on Grove st, of 7
rooms and bath: ges and electric lights; fine
etable; let 50x150.
CHAS. C. HULBERT, " *
911 Broadway. Oakland.
WALTER E. LOGAN _ CO.,
IGoS Broad?. xy. Oakland.
$4000 — (5x135; S rooms and bath; rents $40
rr.cnth: walking clstance City Hall and
narrow gauge.
$15CC- — 15x100; NW. corner Twenty-seventh and
West eU.; ens p.
$4000 — UxlOO; 9 rooms and bath: high base-
ment: brick foundation; hoas« partly fur-
nished.
Five Eh*rc<« Tierce Hardware Company; cost
?500; owner will discount it $25.
5SCCC— <iCxlC6; 2-story house, eight rooms and
bath: room en the corner to build store
ut>d flat; near San Pablo ave.; splendid
prospective property. *
WALTER E. LOGAN & CO..
IOCS Broadway. Oakland.
EF.LOKN'S RAROAINS. ~
11500 — Choice high terrace lot. 33x100. on
ccr Filbert and lfth: coKly homes all around.
$17RC — Nice building lot en Orange st. Ver-
non Hcijhts: 50x123; ruperb view.
$15OU— Only $30 per foot will buy a 50x120
lot In Adam« Point property, with high ter-
rsce and crand view.
fsZO will buy 00- foot lot on 33d st, near
<7C0 — Fine lot. 42x120: sunny «fde Grove »t.
near 5»lh st; Key Route station; nearly 3
fe»t above street grade.
S11CC— Choice high grade lot en sunny side
Slth st. Just east of Telegraph ave; 32:6x112.
$1475 Hlgn terraced lot on Chestnut st,
BElVeN. real estate. 1112 Brpadway. Oakland.
«2500 — BIIAND new cottage; & rooms and
bath* large basement: large lot; -handy to
dl car lines In Oafclnc'1. GEO. H. VOSE,
owner, 072 Broadway, Oakland.
$1500— HOUSE of six rooms, modern con-
veuliiiccb. must be sold. A. J. TAIT, 1320
Seventh st, Oakland.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY; PKI-AIKKR 25; 100-1;
OAKLAND ADVERT ? S'MTS
OAKLAND B-AI. _ STATS.
■ , .
LAYMANCE RKAL ESTATE CO..
4CU-462 EIGHTH ST.. OAKLAND.
SSCOO — Fine residence; 7 sunny rooms: cor-
ntr; I00xl_>; baru; lovely visw; one of Linda
Vista's choicest corners; |ldW sacrflce of a<
choioe, incrcarlng value property.
j ?725<.» — Extra choice corner residence in the
I heart of the city; 8 rooms, bath; 5 minutes' j
Walk to banking center; never occupied.
$7000 — Handsome modern new 2-story house,
8 rooms, bath, furnace; Laker Ide district, near
; business ce-nter; must be sold.
; $5wo — pair new modern flats, R rooms each;
' rents foO; near Telegraph and 27th st
j Jt2T,o — Store and flat; good business corner
', on rromlnent street: income $43 5O.
$4000 — Choice residence. S rooms, bath: 40x
130; bent residence seeticn. near Telegraph
are.; close In; owner urging tale; fine home
sacrifice.
I J5800— Six tenements and cottage; 75 ft
i railroad corner; Income $67 50; owner leaving;
j Al speculation.
j ,?4O00 — Fine modern colonial. 8 rooms: sunny
; exposure; select neighborhood; near 31st and i
j Grove. . - j
: $3500 — Modern Swiss colonial, 7 rooms, bath, i
• basement; newly tinted;. 2 toilets; barn; 105x
j 120: near urper Fruitvale ave.; bargain.
: ZZZZ
• PIEDMONT VILLA SITES
i A rrandly situated property; charming hill.
i'.en and marine view; 4 lots. 100x230 each;
contiguous to four *20.000 to $40,000 homes;
■; one residence site Just «old; only 35 minutes
; to S. F. ; must tn seen to be appreciated.
I S3000 — Fine new Swiss colonial home, 0
rooms, bath: 87 feet frontage, street work!
complete: $500 cash;- Linda Vista; a dandy for
I the money.
S27oo— Attractive home. Queen Anne style:
j six rooms, bath; picked lumber; nicely ar-
• ranged: SSxlOO; near Telegraph ave.: Key
! Rovte service.
?2G0O — Mcd'rn cottage, six rooms, bath;
basement: combination fixtures; £8:6x120; ;
strfet complete; WOO cash; near Thlrty-flfth
aad West sts.
$2250 — Modern lH-story Quetn Anne cottage;
six rooms, bath; nearly new; electric lights;
fine sunny lot; 5Oxl5O; near Eleventh ave..
East Oakland; reduced from $3000; bargain;
be quick.
QUICK SALE DEMANDED.
' !<50rt — Fine West st. lot. north of Fortieth
I st. : 50 foot frontage; owner must sell.
S2000— Good" 2-story: 8 rooms, bath; Klrk-
ham St. corner. 32x106; easy terms.
J1R50 — Modern cottAge. 5 rnoms, bath: base-
: ment: corner. 30x140: rents $17 50: nfar locals
i $1050 — Neat cottage. 5 rooms, bath: bsse-
! ment: lot 33x111; near Eighteenth and Ade-
| line sts.
$170<) — Modern cottage. 5 rooms, bath: base-
ment: reor locals: ?300 cash, bank mortgage
of :i400.
A LOT BARGAIN.
*.!X1rt_Elevated lot. 75x125: Glen View; street
maeademlzcd; rapid transit Borvice; owner
I demands immediate sale; see this.
LAYMANCK RF.AL ESTATE CO.,
400-462 EIGHTH ST.. OAKLAND.
; HOLCOMB. BREED A BANCROFT (Inc.).
1000 Broadway. Oakland. Cal. I
i INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY.
' $12.5CC— Northeast corner. 120x100 feet In lo-
: cality where flats are never vacant; 12-
! room house, now rented for $«0 per
; month, which could easily be made Into
I flats, leaving an 80-foot corner for
apartment house. located between
Urcadway and Lake. If you want a 10
P*r cent investment, see us for par-
ticulars.
$5,500 — Two nearly new 5-room flats, right
in town: this Is a good investment, pay- ,
: ing at least 8 per cent.
' $2,1CO — Only 1 block from San Pablo ave. ■
and closo to town; a 5-room cottage,
. now rented • fcr $20 per month; we can
1 sell you this fine little house on easy
terns*, the banks pay you less than 4
per cent. This buy will pay you.
254
$l,0CO rash, balance on straight loan, will
buy en elegant little 5-room cottage on
Union st. Just a block from Southern
Pacific local trains. This Is one of the
best buys of tte year.
&S7
BUILDING LOTS. I
$375 for 24-foot lots In West Oakland, close i
to tlie railway yard*: a 4-room cot- I
thfe can b? built on these lots for I
$1000. Don't this beat paying rent?
See us for particulars.
HOLCOMB. BREED & BANCROFT.
lCCn Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
U C THIS!
IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A KNAP IN
A FIRST-CLASS ELEGANT HOME. HOUSE
OF 9 ROOMS: LOT 50x150; FINE MARINE
VIEW; TERRACED LAWN; STONE STEPS.
WALKE AND WALL WITH IRON FENCE
ARGO'D ENTIRE PROPERTY; 5 OAK AND
MAFLK MANTELS; OAK FINISH IN HALL
AND DINING ROOM; CONSTRUCTION
GURANTEED. AS THIS WAS THE FOR-
MER HOME OF OUR GOVERNOR AND
BUILT OF THE BEST MATERIAL MONEY
COULD BUY. PRICE ONLY $6250. EASY'
TERMS.
$3250 — Modern Queen Anne house, located in the
exclusive neighborhood of Hamilton place,
I chulcest section in Linda Vista; 7 large,
sunny rooms, bath: modern plumbing; side
entrance with large sunny porch; 2 open
fireplaces; china closets, etc.; large base-
ment with in»H'e stairway; lees than 15
minutes' walk from Fourteenth ' and
Broadway or narrow gauge train; easy
I terms. This is a great -sacrifice, as owner
must leave town before January 15 on
account of change in business.
i $i200 — New, modern store and flat: a rare
chance to get a good piece of business
| property located* at the terminus of Key
route; fiat rented under two years' lease
at $30 per month; store will rent for $25
per month; good opening for any kind of
business.
KREISS A HORSWILL.
1070 Broadway.
SEE THESE BARGAINS.
j $4500— The Elmhurst Hotel, nearly new; 20
large rooms above and 15 below, besides a
larg* store separate from the hotel; lot 115x
130:7; building 50x1 CO: cost owner $10,000 cash
five years ago: was then rented for $00 per
month; a great bargain at the price asked;
owner over 60 years old and In feeble health.
|190C — Hous« at Frultvale R. It station; five
room*; nearly new; $150 cash, balance install-
ments.
$1556— New cottage ot Junction of Piedmont
ave. and M. V. - Cemetery line; -6 rooms; $350
cash, balance $10 per month.
$1200— Good 6-room house at Frultvale R. R.
, station- $150 cash, balance $15 per month.
$25W)- i Niw house at Elmhurst: ten rooms,
barn. shop, windmill, chicken-houses and bear-
In; fruit Urea: lot 200x150; small cash pa>-
meut, balance Installments.
EXCHANGE.
I HAVE A LONG LIST OF GOOD CITY
. AND '.COUNTRY PROPERTY FOR EX-
CHANGE. INVESTIGATE.
IRA C. JENKS.
1209 Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
* READ THIS i^>:;
12 to 1j per cent Investment property; 2 new
: all modern fiats of 12 rooms. 0 each, bath and
let 30x112; central to • business; rents $57 50
• month: nrice. $-10iX): also 2 flnts, 10 rooms,
, with cottage in rear: rents $13 50 menth: price
$3000; a snao: owner rouft have money: 4
, new all modern flats of 22 rooms and lot 50x
j 100; rt-nts $!»C month: price $05C0; alsi several
i others which we have photographs of at the
! office of THE ALDEN CO., 1233 Broadway,
' Oakland.
i ■ ;
$RO<X> — We have also for salo or exchange
CO-acr* ranch In raisins, grapes, peaches, ■ flgs.
almonds, etc. Also 1*0 acres In alfalfa and
pasture; good Improvements; house, barn and
fine driveways . to town : a typical and good
paying place; owncr'a ill health and age cause
of salt-. We have also 67 acres, all improved
. except building*, weir located, between Los
Gates end Eaa Jose, 2*4 miles: $150 per acre.
; Pall on or artdresn THE ALDEN CO., 1233
i Broadway. Oakland.
j CLEARANCE SALE OF BANK PROPERTY.
I ' — — ' ■'-"* '"-'
; ' We have been exclusively authorized to sell
on easy terms the remaining Oakland proper-
• ties acquired by the
SAN FRANCISCO RAVINGS UNION
• under foreclosure of mortgage.
We will sell thess propertleji at figures far
! below the present market rates. , lr you want
' a bargain c»H or write us for particulars
' J. H. MACDONALD A CO..
I lfXXl Broadway. -
; j ~T! • ." — ■ : —
$1E5O— Corner lot 60x120. with all. street work
: don*: a good cottage cf 4 rooms and bath
! and barn; half block from local.-
$3250 — Two new modern flats of & rooms; iTw-
I' rented for $3» per month; all street wf.rit
done; convenient to earn and local 'n&'n*.
HUGH M. , CAMERON,
; 1058 Broadway,
i Oakland.
$3500 — A cozy modern. house of 8 rooms, near
. Cllnion Station; owner mrst leave state and
" will take mortgar* «f »?000: rented. $."» 50
> ■ per month. A. KATSER, 911 Broadway,
Oakland - . . . . . . -."..-,
OAKLAND ADVKRT'S ? 3rTS .
OAg— ASTP BEAL -STATS.
fE. J. STEWART & CO.,
IOCS BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
SPECIAL HOLIDAY OFFERINGS. -
V»*E HAVE ON HAND AT PRESENT VERY
DESIRABLE PROPERTIES. BOTH IM-
PROVED AND UNIMPROVED, IN DIF-
FERENT • PART3 OF OAKLAND AND
BERKELEY. SPECIAL ATTENTION
GIVEN TO. OUR SALES DEPARTMENT.
$3150— In Piedmont: elegantly furnished house
. of 3 large sunny rooms, bath, fine base-
ment; large lot; terms; don't miss this.
$3150— New and up-to-date 5-room bungalow
. in Piedmont oa mala car line; this place
la beautifully finished In pine and mod-
ern In every refcpect; large basement an4
laundry; lot 32xlC0; get busy. ,.
$2S0O — Snap; beautiful home cf ft large sunny
rooms with bath. 1 block from car lines;
very choice location; modern; don't over-
look this. y - ■
$3€00 — Snap; fine Investment; two flats of 4
and 6 rooms, respectively, and cottage, all
in flrst-class order and modern In every
respect; within two blocks of 7th-6t lo-
cal train to S.- F.; In fine neighborhood;
close to churches and schools; street mac-
adamized and concrete walks; rents con-
tinually fcr $43 per month; see this at
cne; exclusive agents. ,
$2CC0— -A beautiful home of 6 large sunny
rooms, bath and all modern conveniences;
nearly new; good' location; stable; largs
lot; street work and concrete walks.
$2000— Best Income property la Oakland for th*
money; two flats renting for $25 p«r
month: always rented ;- cement founda-
tion: fine basement; street work, sidewalks
complete; a pick-up. .
E. J. STEWART & CO..
1008 BROADWAY, OAKXiAND.
TAYLOR BROS. A- CO..
Real Estate, Insurance and Financial Agents,
Telephone Cedar 331. 123S Broadway. Oakland.
$1100 — A dandy little shingled bungalow of 0
rooms; excellent condition; front yard a
retular flower . garden: lot 60x150 feet:'
we also have a contract on some vacant j
ground adjoining, which can be had at a .
very reasonable figure; clost to car line: i
East Oakland. E
$1400 — Brand new cottage; up-to-date In every J
respect; East Oakland; close" car line. N j
CHEAPEST PLACE FlN OAKLAND. !
$27C0— Will take this elsgant 8-room dwelling;
very attractive In appearance; large com- j
rr.odlous double parlors: large, reception, j
hall; lighted by electricity; gas for fuel; j
fine hardwood: plate glass mantel; south j
frontage; elegant surroundings; within ,
ten minutes' .walk of City Hall,: we have I
a let adjoining that can be bought for j
half its real value: this price is actual
amount of mortgage.
14%— 14%— INVESTMENT— 14<w_- *14% \
$7gOO — Four new flats ir*»ntly built: electric
lighting throughout; gas for fuel use;;
nice mantels: handsomely finished: ten- !
ants secured before flats were completed: j
income *106O per annum. - 1<HXI j
VACANT LOTS.
We have a contract on tiro beautiful lots In ]
Peralta Heights, which can be delivered
i for f23 50 per foot, worth $30; also good i
50-foot let on West st. for $000. . j
1>4 acres on Hopkins street: subdivided; will i
sell for double price asked. . .' j
110x150 f*et; near I-ake Merritt: beautiful -
view; best residence location in Oakland: !
property adjoining the lake is becoming -
very scarce; this p1«c<* CAn be had ss a
whole cr will subdlrMo at the astonish-
ing low price of MO per front foot; It Is
wcrth ?73 r*r foot. j
TAYLOR BROS. * CO.. j
1238 Broadwny. Oaklnnd, Car. j
. : ! |
- ■ - - _ _ __ ■ i
$1550 — 5-ROOM modern cottage at Lorin: '
m-iir Key Route and local train; easy '
terms. ;
$25 per foot, on 2!Kh st. or prospect, near !
. Broadway: street woik all done; no bet-
ter buy In the city. '
J45OO — On Linden street: 2-story 7-room;
house; this place Is In excellent condl- !
tlon and rented well to stendv tenant; .
elevated lot; near 16th-st err line.
•4000 — 2-story 8-room house; on 14th st. : lot i
75x100 - . J
•9O0O— Includes large 2-story residence on I
Filbert street and. lot 50x123 on Linden .
st: this will b-ar lnsr>e<-tit>n. • - |
•2C0O— Good 5-room cottage on Chestnut st. j
near lQth, I
f22TiA — I/Jt 50x125 f»n Linden St.. near car i
line and local train. !
$17 50 per foot: good slrhtly lot on 11th ave.: I
csr line passes In frcnt of property: high }
. ground. i
-Lot 75x100 on 12th st. near Lnke Merritt: If
you Uke i this location call and make :
offer. !
Manufacturer *it» on 5th st: centrally lo- ;
rated, with 201 feet frontage; new plants
near site.
MOO— Ixit on 23d ave.. n«>r East 21st st
$700 — Good cottage: near 23d-av#. R. R. sta-
- tlon: a chance to own your own home on,|
t"!— is less th«n n>nt.
THE F,. P. VANDERCOOK COMPANY.
1018 Broertwav. Oaklnnd, or
v Room 232, Mills bldg..
San Francisco, Cal.
. _____ j
DR. MERRITT ESTATE PROPERTY FOR
. SALE.
We have been appointed exclusive agents by
the trustees cf the Samuel Merritt Hospital for !
the sale of all the property belonging to the (
said hospital and fronting on Jackson. Madl- j
son. Oak, Twelfth and Thirteenth sts . muloil- ;
Ing "The Willows," on Oak st. extending back ,
to Lake Merritt. recently under option to the ;
city of Oakland for park purposes; also tht i
Merritt homestead. - J
We have both improved and unimproved '
properties to -offer; most desirable residence !
properties in Oakland.
FOR PARTICULARS CALL AND SEE US.
J. H. MACDONALD & CO.,
. 1052 Broadway.
NICE modern house, nearly new; near Lake •
Merritt: close to new streetcar extension Just j
In operation: greatly increasing value: 7
rooms; lot 65x232; price reduced to $30CO;
$200 cash, balance' like rent
0 rooms: modern; lot 50xlC0; lying high, with
cement retaining wall; in East Oakland: near ,
new Key route service; $3500; $300 cash, bal- j
ance like rent |
Mansion in East Oakland; 14 rooms; fl lots; .
suitable for sanitarium or private hospital;
SC500; easy terms.
»o«w, , _ N RUSSELU
301 California st. San Francisco. Cal.
ALDEN REALTY. CO., 5184 Telegraph ave.
$S0O— Lot 75x125: 2-room house., barn, etc;
near Claiemcnt and College aves.
$£00— Lot 50x150; 3-room house, barn, etc.;
same location; handy to car line.
$•750 — Lot 50x115: 5-room new cottage; mod-
em: near Telegraph and Alcatraz.
$X00 — Lot 40x140: H-rocm. new modern house;
street woik all done: term*.
$2750 — 9-rocm. new modern house; street
wcrk all dene: 2 blocks Key Route de-
pot; terms.
$10 "a front foot In Piedmont near ' K.ey
Route depot and school.
$40 a front foot on Telegraph ave.: street
all; done: business corner.
ELEGANT residence lots. 40x120 and 40x200
each. In Piedmont district: 3 short blocks to
"Key Route" denot: 1 ' block from Broad-
way: elevated ground; . fine view: street
work complete; "entirely new neighborhood;
30 minutes to San ,Francis:o; convenient to
Country Club. •
FOR PRICES AND TER_S. SEE
J. H. MACDONALD & CO.
-. ■ 1062 Broadway.
$3000 — 8-ROOM house; 8. years old; extra well
built:^60-foot lot; -near S5th and Tele-
. graph. ■ " • ■
J1S00 — 5-room cottage; lot 60x165; near Idora.
Park.
$2200 — 8-room comfortable house; good condi-
tion; choice sunny location; jiear East
17th st and Oth ave. . j
$300 will buy a choice lot on 23d ave.; snap.
F. F. PORTER. 4C6 Eighth st. Oakland.
$4600— FINE residence of 7 rooms; beautifully
finished; all rooms frescoed except kitchen; '
large clorets: sideboard and fireplace; the!
house Is -built 'In the colonial , style, on lot
35x100, with all 'modern conveniences; this
is an elegant home; only 10 minutes' walk
from 14th and Broadway: It will pay you to
Investigate this. GEO. F. COSBY, room 105
Bacon block, , Oakland.
MUST BE SOLD.
"♦GOO-^Flne 50-foot lot; West st. north of
Fortieth: quick service to San Francisco; owner
needs money; will sacrifice for cash. ■ .
$900— Splendid . elevated lot. - 73x123 feet:
street macadamized; lovely. view; rapid transit
service: creditor* forcing sale; nee this at once.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE COMPANY.
40O-4C2 . Eighth st, Oakland. .CaL v ,
$2 400— COTTAGE. 5 rooms and bath tn flrst-
- class condition. - near Clinton Station; rented,
$22 £0 per month: mortgage.* $1200. can re-
main: must sill. -A. KAYSER. 911 Broad-
■ way. Oakland. i
A • SNAP— Ch olc« lot. . 110x125. : SW. cor. - 21st
and Myrtle sts.: w ill be sold as a who!* or
:*' tn subdivisions; sold to settle an estate. 1453
Myrtle st. Oakland. .' : .-...-
OAKLAND ADVERT'S^FTS I
OAK— AHP —.-Alt —STATE.
$375 CASH. $12 50 monthly; 4-room unfinished
cottage, barn, chicken-house, immense shade
trcer, running mountain water, fruit trees
in 'full bearing: very fine deep sandy loam
Eoil: good well cf water; near cars and
schoolhouse: settlement building up ■all
- around; adjoining East Oakland; lot 127x
"T-<>: a b& piece of nne land: price In all
$1750. Call or send for circular. 455 7th St..
ojip. Broadway station, Oakland. Carriage
free. H. Z. JONES, owner.
TEN PER CENT NET PAYABLE MONTHLY
IN ADVANCE — New 2Vi-storj* building on
. KE. corners sun all day; one block from
• S. P. ave.; 5 minutes to lUh and Broadway:
owner East, derfrcs to realize: a rare oppor-
tunity; can secure large loan If desired: -no
exchange; gold coin only wonted. HARRY
L. HOLCOMB. 314 Saa- Pablo ave.
$SOCO — A GOOD Investment; 0 large flats that
pay 13 r*r cent; can be made to pay more;
If. you want to Invest . a little money and
make it pay you well, here is a chance. 'Call
and investigate this. GEO. F. COSBY, room
1C5. Bacon block. Oakland.
BARGAIN — Swell home of S rooms; strictly
up-to-date; lot* 40x140; sun all day. F. P.
WRIGHT, B20 Thirtieth st. Oakland.
OAKLABD HOUSES TO LET.
BFKINS VAN AND STORAGE" CO.. general
rr.overs; w« have the best wareli«»usi In the
West (only covered vans used). IjON'T
MISTAKE THE NUMBER. 101C Broadway,
Oakland; phone Main 007.
j OA.gI.Aarp i BOOIgS TO I.ZT.
VERY sunny front rooms In new flat; near lo-
cal trains and Telegraph ave. 4S0 Twenty-
third st.. Oakland. - ;
S~EVENTH7~175aVi. Oakland— Nicely furnished
rooms for rent
OAK— AHTJ rUUAlTUS— TOB SA_2.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains la furni-
ture. H. Schelhaas. 11th st.cor. store. Oaklaai
MILL VALLEY ADV'RT'S'Il'TS
an__ VAX— irr jbeai. ; -st»t3.
$300 TO $SOC — Ten* per cent cash, balance $10
monthly; fine large lots; graded streets; pure
mountain water; grand redwood trees;
charming views; right at the station; they
are selling fast; 130 lots sold; s>nd for Il-
lustrated booklet. LYON A- HOAG. 110
Montgomery st.
San Francisco Advertisenr t's
-OST AITD TOTTSTD.
LOST — At the ferry building, abrut 6 o'clock
Friday night, a medium sUed leather valise;
the contents are only valuable to the owner.
A reward of $10 will be paid and no ques-
tions asked for the return of the valise to
room Gl, Chronicle building, San Francisco.
WILL lady who picked up alligator grip on
Mission et.. bet. Twentieth and Twenty-flrst i
from Mlssion-st car, please rsturn to 1533 j
California st and receive reward? j
LOST— Near Fourth and Market; ladies' goll
. hunting case watch; fleur de Us pattern with
brooch; reward. W. K. B.. box 307. Vallejo.
Cal. .. ■
LOST — Gold watch, cr.graved E. L. S.; en
Sixth st. bet. Bryant ana Market Return to '
4324 Twentieth st. ;. reward. j
FOUND — Cocker spaniel deg; owner can have I
by proving and paying charges. 1217 Bush.
LOST— Go'.d bar :>ln with stone setting and j
gold st»r attached: reward. 112 Beulah st.
LOST— English setter name Leon. Reward if i
returned to 425 Shotwell st. • I
LOST— Fox terrier; "Woodman. Mill Vallex." j
on cellar. Return 3C Glen Paik ave; reward, j
LOST— Gold beads; reward. Return 1S14 Pine j
strceti ' - . ' . ;
. — _
LOST — On Key route. Dec. 22. lady's hand i
satchel containing patr of ep-ctacles, gent's !
gold watch and small amount of money: the 1
finder will be suitably rewarded by leaving ,
rame at room 810. eighth Coor, Mills build-
lng. S. F.
LOST — Sunday afternoon. Dec. 11, at beach,
south of Park, black Scotch collie bitch.
Suitable reward if returned to 1326 Forty-
ninth ave.. Boulevard station, or for lnfor- i
matlcn of whereabouts. j
LOST — A passbook with Hibernla Savings and I
Loan Soci-ty cf Ban: Francisco in the name !
of JOSEPH OLIVA. No. &4-718; the finder |
will r>Iease return to bank. * "■ •
LOST— A pass book wlth^ the Hibernla Sav-
ings and L/-an Society of San Francisco in
the, name of Thomas McCarthy, No. 233-1402.
The finder will please, return to bank.
LOST— Young collie bitch with collar and II- |
cense; liberal reward. Return to 1925 Broad- j
way.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 1C p3ges, sent to any address In the
United States cr Canada one year for $1.-
. IiATTtTCSCES FOB HIRE. . :
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
st; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
r _ATBI_OiriA_.
■■■■■■ ■ ■ ' i
GENTLEMAN, well educated, age 55. trawls f
a great dtal, owns his own home In coun-
try, would like to correspond with a middle-
aged lady; object matrimony. Box 3096, Call.
A PROFESSIONAL gentleman with means and
a good income derires to correspond with lady
with some means; object matrimony. Box
3401. Call office.
BUSINESS man. bright future and ability",
wish'.s to meet lady or widow with means;
object, matrimony; strictly private. Box
2063. Call office.
A REFINED, educated widow (Protestant)
would like to meet a refined gentleman; ob-
ject matrimony. Bex 31C0. Call office.
GENTLEMAN, 37, desires to make tha ac-
qualntance of a widow; .object matrimony.
Box 1205. Call office.
A YOUNG man. age 37. a laborer, wishes to
meet a Protestant lady; object matrimony.
Box 1680. Call office.
[ __TT__SSS8 AZT— PILLOWS. ,
TO order: renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
r>rnee«); excellent ■ carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard st: phone South 216.
—_PICA_.
LADIES wh<* are In trouble or suffering from !
any ailment- peculiar to their sex can 'find'
Immediate relief by consulting Dr. White." I
the only graduate physician in San Francisco j
who hes devoted a lifetime to helping women;
17- year*' experience without a failure has
put him »t the head. He guarantees relief- or
no pay. • . .. .•
DR. WHITE. 7C2 Maiket st. rooms 7 and 8.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— -All who are sick or
In trouble consult Jh!s specialist on female
complaint*: postiveiy corrtct^d; the unfortu-
nate helped: the mMt difficult cases treated;
. every case taken; immediate relief; no-poi-
soning drugs: low fees; my methods trill cure
all case* of irregularity; ty consulting -me
save time and money; advice free. Office
101S Maiktt st. . .
LADIES — Possibly I'm not the cheapest nor yet
the oldest specialist here, but -I AM a RE«*
•LIABLE graduate physician. When in trou-
ble confide In me. Irregularities relieved;
the unfortunate helped; I prumtse best atten-
tion and no danger; I guarantee prompt re-
mits cr no charge. Room 1. Eft 14 years.
DR. E. G. WEST, office 3C5 Kearny st.
DRS. GOODWIN has returned from Europe;
estab. lfS4 In S. F.: 20 years' experience:
female complaint* only: Drs. Goodwin Is well
known to «njoy the Implicit confidence of la-
dies FunVring from Irregularities or other
conditions: relief assured or no charge; avoid
delay; Iw low; hours 2 to 4 and 6:30 to 8:30
p. m. S50 Market st. second Coor. room 37.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and' Irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. lOOSVi Market »t, opp, 6th.
MRS. DR. WTETH. . speclallst~for - all fnr.ale
complaints and irregularities; Instant relief |
guaranteed: 30 years' experience. 044 Post st !
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulatingTrfils
sold;;pr'ce ?2 .Vi by express. Pasteur's syr-
lnje and tablets: price ?5. By express only
on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTHERS,
wholesale CruggUts, Seventh and Broadway.
Oakland.
MRS." DR. ALLEN, ladles' specialist, removed
from HIS Market tn 83S Mission st.. near
Fourth; home In confinement; 25 years' expe-
rience: best medical attention: tow fees.
LADIES suffering irum irregularities, sick or !
In trouble, consult Dr. Sylvester. 219 Kearny;
relief guaranteed;. waste no time with drugs. !
— »
TALBOT BARNARD. Australian Nerve Spe- j
'clalist." has arrived; limited number patients
treated. home: consultation free. 3221 21st st J
Experts, masseur and masseuse, by hour: rheu- J
mattxm. neuralgia relieved Instantly. 3S5Q.Ca!I '
DK.and MRS.~DAV1ES and HINDOo'heRBS; I
original " method of treatment - 1226 -Market
LADIES — Kumround; safe," sure, never - fails;
| $2.' Gleaeon-Ruggles Drug Co., Kearny ft Clay.
. DR. ' ROSEN, residence - 2005 Folsom st, corner
. 2Gth; ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
-0— CT-— -H XOTJB— gQ» SAI— .
H.S.' W : HITE "MACHINERY CO. have this
week the lollowing 3d-haad machinery, etc.,
to sell: , • . -
2 Babcock's' WIlcox boilers, all complete.
;tvlth Al flttlnss. ctc.'ioa hp., eaeh..$5OO
. 2 air receivers; 4S In. by 10 It. each $100
'1 4VfcxZ%x4 duplex pumps, each $23
. 1 ll»i hp. heater (exjiaustl. Al $100
25 tons a-ln. .and «J-in. I beams, per lk»..l*«c
30 tons w>re hoisting cable, per lb i5c
, fcOOW It. 4-ln. screw pipe, per ft «te
27.O0O ft. 3 W-la., screw. pipe. p«f ft 15c
-2.fX»> ft. 3-in. screw, pipe per ft 12*:
ll.'OOO ft 2H-la. screw pipe, per ft 10H«
4 copper steam Jacketed kettles, lb 2Uc
50 gasoline drums dl'» gal.), each $3
02 return tubular boilers, from $50
12x2O Meyars' I cutoff engine $35O
SO hp. Wheelock automatic engine $4O»
' Sxl2" Chandler-Taylor engine $1<->O
11x10 Atlas automatic engine $375
-Double drum friction hoist. ....$33w
6x12 Marshuu-Cantrell . hoist $373
Cast Iron pulleys, all sizes, per lb 2?
Hand; elevators. 3n>Mb. capacity $C0
No goods" en consignment \Thy keep gu**s-
inr when .you can get the cash for. any 2d-
hand "machinery etc. 7 - "■
H. S. . WHITE Machinery Co. ("Legitimate")
Office 120 Scale st. 3. F. ■
AN easy way to give Christinas presents with-
out straining your, purse: Select anything
from our large stock *of diamonds, watches.
Jewelry, cut-glass silverware, gold and silver
. umbrellas, etc.: deliver you the goods on first
payment: .the, balance in small installments;
no charge for engraving: call In and exarn-
- Ine our good*. UNITSD LOAN AND TRU3T
CO.. 21 Stockton st, rear Market Phon*
Bush 43*. ■ - ■ ■ \
DOES YOU-R ROOF LEAK?
Hnve you. a leaky tin. shingle, felt or Iron
roof? Cover It with Mastic Roofing. It Is best
for old and new roofs, and for valleys, gutters,
decks.' balconies, etc. Mastic Roof Paint and
Roofing Cement ' will stop small leaks. Write
us about It Elaterite Roofing Co.. 713 Market.
BOOK bargains; Young's 4 - vols: oa cfrrs.4;
.Mark Twalq's 4 most popular works; never
used: vols. Everybody's July-D«c. ; baoic
numbers all - magazines. RUSSELL BOOK
CO.. 22 Seventh- st.
2D-H AND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys,' shafting. - etc.. etc. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged;- ses Sunday papers.
II. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beate st.
BOILERS, engines. 24-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH A.'WOLPM AN. 195-187 Fremont st
A C-MONTHS-OLD Japanese silk terrier, white
and black colored, fcr sale or exchange for
Winchester shotgun. W. SHAEFER. 317
Howard . st. ' .- -'. r •
A— BUYS, reils or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, bcllers. "water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc WHITELAW, 253-255 Spear st
2 VERY fin*' Xmas trees. 15 feet high, for sale.
Call at the W. O. hardware store. 23S3 Mar-
ket, st. rear Sixteenth.
REPUTABLE place to rent gents' full dress.
Tuxedo or Prince Albert salt* J. COOPER.
21 Stockton st (formerly at Palace Hotel.)
TRY 'our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form, shoes at $2 CO; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
DIAMONDS and Jewelry, on . small weekly or
monthly payments: DEREMER'S, 137 Mont-
gomery st, ' room 12. upstairs.
AN elegant .sealskin, good as naw, only $70.
UNITED LOAN AND TRUST CO.. 21 Stock-
ton /t., second floor.
BEAUTIFUL white Polar bear skla at a sac-
rifice; nice holiday present ' Fur store. 11
City Hall square.
NEW. gasoline and steam engines for autos and
launches: half cost 2120 Eagle ave.,
Alamitia. ..
CIRCULARS distributed. $1 1000; best work:
besfr»ferences; 13 " years' experience. Box
3CC4. Call. ■ ■ .
HOLSTEIN cow; registered; fine milker; cheap.
130 Mateo st, near Checery.
AVE keep flrst-class pigeons only; no tra—h
Glnnwood Pigeon Lefts. Elmhurst 'Cal. •
HCN pigeons." breeders and young birds. ' J"4
T* wards st.. Oakland.
Nt W- Stager sewing machine; drop h*ad* c.ifc;
cl-tap. 1015 Mission St., near Fifteenth.
$3 SINGER sewing machlae for sale; la good
order.- eC8 Ellis st.
FOUR hand-mad-* filet lace curtains; $250. Box
3981 . Call office. . ■ .
TWO good milk cows for sale. 2109 Webster
street •
FOR sole — A fine lO-montbs-old Llewellyn set-
ter. Cull at 257 Sixth %t.
HANDSOME ■ ae— safe, suitable for any busi-
ness: great ■aertflce. Box 3SJC9. Call office.
FOR sale, very cheap; one army tent 772
Lisbon st J .'
ALL klnJ* ralltm* machines, records: factory
prices. Levy's. 415 Kearny; exchanges made.
ELASTIC stockings. $2. Factory.' 107 O'Farrell
st. JOHN W. HOPEWELL.
FOR sale — Oil barrels, drums. 480 raL square
tank. GEO. PARTRIDGE.
LOT of doors; - fair ' front, folding aad others;
good as new. 131 Buchanan st -^
WIDOW will sell husband's watch and dla-
mon'1- chain cheap. 131 Montgomery, rm. 9.
HANDSOME, long Isabella fox stole; cost $33;
accept $11 . Call 1006 Halght st
TOWErS furniture polish removes spots and
stains; fre« delivery. S70 Fell st
SAFES and c»sb registers; new and second-
hand. I FREEMAN. 1325 Market st.
2D-HAND bldgX material: lumber, door, sash,
plumb, ma t«rial. The Dolan Co.. 1C07 Market
DESKS bougbt. sold and exchanged. T. D.
-McCarthy Co.. 807. Mission st; tel. South 811.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard A- Breck. 131 Post st
SAFES-^New " aad second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFECO.. 307 Battery st.
GASOI-INE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 4fl Fremont st
ROOMS papered. $4 up; tinting. palntinr.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 Third: teL Main 413.
msc-i— aj neo'gg wAirrs. •
AAAAAA— BUYS any amount good second-hand
clothing: special price for fancy ladies' aad
men's clothe*. »22 Fclsom: tel. Folsom 3322.
AAAAA— Highest prices for ladies', gents' cast-
off dothlng/Tel.DavIs 833. 650 Sacramento st
INVENTORS desirous of selling or borrowing
money -on their patents, call at Uatted Loan
and Trust Co., 21 Stockton st. 2d floor; paoo*
Bush 434. ■ -
DIAMONDS »nd precious stones bought for
cash. KARL EBER A CO.. r. 408. Adams
. bldg.. 206 Kearny St.: phone Black 3036.
WASTED- Films "of Passion Play; stereoptl-
con slides of all kinds. W. R." JINNETT,
Cpliimbus, ' Ind. . . . . *.
•WANTED— A bass hem. Address 522 Golden
Gate • ave. - ■ - ' - .
aoysTTO t-o ah. -^
AAAAA— A CONFIDENTIAL and reputablt
place to borrow money, on tat following:
Salaries.. .',.-. ■*-' ' ; ..
Life lasuranee - policies. * .-
Chattel mortgages. ,.
Undivided inttrests. ' „ ,'"
Good* in bend. ' " : "•
Legacies.- •— . • •■» • — .. . .
6ecor.fl and third mortgage* ,,
-Estates in probate. -. -. -"•-, ' '
Life. «itat«h- . -,. * '
Rents. " .
gpeclai .department for.' loans' to ladles on
Ibeir notes. - j -■•-... - .
1'rivate offices for !adles and gentlemea.
irNITED LOAN AND TRUST CO..
21 Stockton st, near Market
. •- • '. - 2d' floor.' fhone Bush 4S4.> •• .
AA AA— THE Portland Jewelry Co. will %iakr
vou \ ery liberal -loans on your diamonds,
realskin or any valuables at the low rat« oC
xx.o- «2> per cent ;*r month: if you do not
wish to call, ph&ce us tjihone Bush 4&4> aad
the manager of our loan department will call
ca you; all business strictly confidential.
» 25 STOCKTON ST.. NEAR MAItKKT.
. Private offices at 21 Stocktcn st, 2d floor.
N. E.— The only loan, office west of New
York that- has a flre aad burglar prouf vauit
• «■ the premises; tret u?e of same to all cus-
. ' totnera. .-:--.- ... .
—MANHATTAN - LOAN COMPANY tine)
.. - Ant amount to loan
interest 5% and c per cent "**
city. oakland. town and country
i PROPERTY ■■-.....■. ..
Second mortgages, life Insurance policies es-
tates la probate, undivided Interests In prop-
erty, pro bat* realty loans, stocks aad bonds,
legacies and ' undivided Interests la ■ property
purchased. ' .
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANT.. .
. .Suite 107-10S Crocker. bldg.: phone Main 3024.
PRIVATE— Money. ■ loaned on salaries without
-security; diamonds or -chattels; no fee; no
com.; cut rate. Cal. Loan Co.,523 Parrott bid.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no . commission; n» publicity; $25 up; quick.
' privtte.' confidential. 28 Montgomery . rm. 21.
TO talarted people without security. The Whit*
Co.; 420 California •&.. rooms 14 and 13,
PRIVATE ' party will loan money on salaries
without security. ~ Room 75. 010 Market st
SALARIED people on note. S. F. DISCOUNT
AGENCY. 125-127 Phelaa bldg. Private.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches. Jewelry;
confd. Diamond Parlor Jewelry Co., 722 Mkt
AAA— HERMAX MVRPHT.
601-e02-e03 Examiner bulldlag.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expeaees by dealing driectly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, asclgameats of rents, property la trust.
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided ia-
. (crests la property purchased.
Courteous treatment Strictly coaSdentlai.
WTvea You Need Moaey.
See HERMAN MURPHY.
" WILL LOAN ""~"~"
A reasonabU amount oa
1st. 2J or 34
Mortgage, on real estate,
la city, town or country. ,
Low rat« of interest. ~,
Give full particulars : w» v ' i
of property. .
Location, etc
- -'-J- Box 223, Call office.
SALARY LOANS^ ~
Money loaned salaried peoplo without secur-
ity or iadorsement. knowledge of employer or
any one; coafldeattal and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake. 453 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable privata place to obtain
liberal advances oa diamonds. Jewelry, at Z
v*r cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
S7H Market; tel. Main 1&44. Branca 1132
M a rket and y Third.
A — ON furalture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal; no publicity; also on real estate:
1st or 2d mortgage* or on any security; any
amount Q. W. BECKER. 3tf Geary, room 3H.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mar-
: chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
. security: easy payments: large business la 4ft
! principal cities. TOLMAN. 553 Parrott bldg.
| ANT amount quickly en furniture or plaao
j without removal; other* security: faireat
rates: strictly confidential ; no commls. Na-'
tlcnal Credit Co.. 506 Donohoe bid.. 8 Taylor
I MONET to loan at low Interest; gold silver.
i diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
| at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth St.
1 DON'T borrow money on salary until you se*
us. Hutton Credit Co.. 912 Mutual Bank bid*.
; STAR Loon Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employ-. Room 311. Mutual Sav. B— bldg.
' ALL loans en dlamoads & Jewelry at 2 per eeat
| mo. S. F. Collateral Lean Bank. 533 Kearay.
1 3% ON furniture A pianos: $13 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. « Eddy st.
CASH leaned salaried people on notes without
Indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner baildlag.
MUSI GAIT Ul STK U M_M T8-
a rarvca or da rgains.
1 Haake «>: 1 Decker. $43; 1 Stod_nl, $110;
1 Flaclier. S125. *
ALSO
1 Sterllrg. 1 Eteiaway. 1 Curtax. 1 Vosa. X
Weber 1 Halnes. and many others. Easy pay-
ments. UENJ. CURTAZ A SON. 18 O'Far-
rell st.
A GREAT opportunity — We are c'oaias out
; our entire Seattle stock. In S. T. at prices
; never heard ' of before; all makes; your
• terms are our terms; rents $2 up: allow «d If
purchased. HEINE PIANO CO.. 233-237
! Geary st. S. F. ; Oakland. 1252 Broadway.
i PARTY must sell large Stelaway upright: cort.
i $TcO; price $285; will accept payments: no
I reasonable cash offer refused. 227 Geary st.
j BEAUTIFUL new upright piano* for rent $-3
per month; cne year> rental allowed If pur-
chased. SCOTT- CURTAZ. 5<5O Hayes st.
PIANO for sale; price reasonable. Box 3S28.
Call office.
; $G0 UPRIGHT; ens $30 upright: on* good
square. $2O. HORXUXG, 21C McAllister st
j A SMALL Stelnway upright; cost $3C0; $1S3
takes It. 237 Geary st.
' FISCHER upright; cost $350; win sell for $38.
237 Geary St.
; ELEGANT uprights, new & 2rt-han<l.$43 to $500.
Pleree'j Piano FactDry. Market and 14th sts.
I SOIIMFR Brron Mausy pianos Cecelian piano
pUyer. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post at,
I NEW upright pianos sold on $3 monthly pay-
_ments. SCHMITZ &_CO.. 10 McAllister st.
3- PEDAL St»iaway up; Chlckering baby grand;
8honlng«r. little used. Keeff»'a. 2S5 O'F,arr»U.
ornc_3 Azn> stores to let.
i ■■ ' ■ *
FOR rent — EecinJ floor, front; fine new build-
ing; Mission st: 2Sx5fi; plenty of light ana
1 sun; elevator for freight; electric llgats;
splendidly suited for a manufacturer' *
agent or light Jobbing; will subdivide to
" suit tenant if taken at once; rent $73.
; S'.-QTT tt GILBERT CO.. 302 Davis st
SOON vacated, established lccatlon. suitabl*
dentist; rent very cheap. WHIGHAM. 933
Market St.
' PJCaSOHAT^S.
MEN suffering with rheumatism, lasomnia.
nervousness or pocr circulation seekine
health, will find it to their advantage to seo
me before going anywhere else. I give sci-
entific body massage, electricity or vibration,
> at my office: terms reaaoaable. PROF.
• HAMMERSTEIN. 1710 Eatter st. B. F.
A A— WHY look old?
Fifteen day rate will now be given by MME.
GILLINGHAM: a lady 72 years of a;* with
wrinkles and pufflness removed from on* aid*
cf the face can be seen daily; writ* for book-
let 143 Stockton st. cor. Greasy.
SPECIAL BETWEEN SEASON LOW RATES
this week for facial beautifying: a face with-
out a wrinkle with the contour and fresh
color of youth may b» had through my
scientific treatment; consultation and book-
iet free. M. ELLA HARRIS. 128 Geary st.
•■REXRADIO-9 wond-rful HUMANIZED RA-
DIUM treatment has CURED "multitudes"
of alleged INCURABLE diseases: TESTI-
MONIALS. REFERENCES. INTERVIEWS;
.hours 2 to 7; 1 Fourth, cor. Market; CUl-
CULAR.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hatr. Im-
proves its growth, stops fallias-. cures daadruS
and itching scalp: no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers' ;ao-
cept ao substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 1333 Polk
I AM going to the Century Restaurant at
10C0 Market st. for the b«st Christmas din-
ner la the city: be sura aad come; boms-
made dressing for turkey.
NOTICE — Any one desiring to beccm* master
ef their own destiny and become- an inltiata
! in the Cabala for information. Th» Psllo-
! soohical Pub. Co.. 1429 Market st.
; RAG carpets wove to order and for sal«; also
' chenille-wove rugs, silk portifres. dealer ta
i carret twine In hank or chain, at lowest
', rates. Geo. Matthews. 700 Fifth st. C—tlaad.
! RUGS made from old earoets: ingrain, brus-
I sels, tapestry and moquette: chenille rurtalas
I woven Into new rugs. FluS Rug Factory.
8C2 Market st. Oakland : tak» West 8th car.
> THE great secret of obtaining tha !or« and
j affection of the lady tho jentlemaa o>«ir»»
' by smdlnr 25c In stamps or money. J. E.
: SMITH. Esq.. 872 Mission st.
i _________———-—————————— ———___ .
j ROYALTY PAID ON SONG POEMS and rao-
I steal compositions: we arrange and popular-
' ize: particulars FREE. Pioneer Pub. Co., 70*
j Baltimore build?.. Chicago. III.
WOULD llko promoter on tha patenting- of
novelties ar.d other utilities. CHAS. £.
HUNTER, 201H Pol* St.
HAIR growers. Are you using the right one?
Best recipes and treatment • f or each kind of
baldness. All 25c. Box H, Sheepranch. Cal.
FANCY and silk dress*-* carefully washed.
JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRT. estab.
1S99. 2122 Flllmore st: phone Geary 2053.
AT less than cost: uncalled for suits, overcoat*
an.l trousers at C1IARXXS LYONS', London
Tailor. 721 Market st
TOU can bvy $73 worth of fumlturw for $7 SO
- down and $1 3O per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post St. near Po~ell.
CALL at Ent-rprlse store, near hose house.
West Alaroeda. ED.
G.— MERRY Christmas and nappy Ketr Tear
O.
ALL ribbon*. neclr»?ar. laces brought to room
I 423. 121 Ceary st.. «lyed FREE.
i EXPERT masseur: physician's references. Ad-
dress box 3SC2. Call.
COR. laundry, barber shop, cigars, tobacco,
newspapers; sutts cleaned. ."WO Golden Gate.
MRS. J. F. MacAVOY— Please call at 250O
Green st. aad hear from frleads at Nome.
FACIAL massage and manicuring parlors. 203
Powell st. parlor 1. .
MRS. DR. GWYKR. StlA l_a— mworth st. b»-
tween Geary and O'FarrHl. TeL East 697. '
fTce massaee and e!«rtrlc treatments, newly
opened parlors. 104 Ksarny st.. 2d Coor. r. 2.
i SUITS to order oa Installments of $1 per week.
•NEUHAUS CO... the tailors. 729 Market st
i EAST Installments for Men and Youths. Suits
j to order. Co-cperatlve Tailoring. 1117 Mkt.
I $1 a Fe*k: aatts to order $13 up. LEMO9. 1127
! Market st. between Seventh and Eighth. :
t ONE dollar weekly keeps you in fine clothing,
j Art Tailoring. 1644 Mkt. under St. NlchoUs-
! Superfluous hair removed: electric ne»dle. Mri.
: Eaton. 3«> Sutter. Miss Eaton. 233 Ceary. r.3S. j
TAILOR-MADE salt $7 50: dress pant*. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupes:.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs:
country orders. COLD STEIN Ss. CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henaa restore* gray
hair to Its natural color. $1 at all druggists'.
For Additional Classified Advertise-
ments Sec Page 40.
3940
CETTJHC-K gEItVIwES. •
CALVAKY i J r«byierian Ciiurch, comer Jack-
ton end Fiiiaiore sts— Kev. Jchn Hemphlll. ■
D. D., pattor. Morning service at 11 o'clock. ;
HpecicJ Chriatxnas service conducted by the ,
fc&bbath school, assisted by the ' choir. In j
the evening at 7:20 o'clock there will be a I
pralbe etrvice with brief address by th» .
pastur Sabba-th pchool at 0:30 a. m. Chris- .
tian Endeavor meetisg at 6:3U p. m. Prayer
meeting, Wednesday evening at 6 o'clock. J
Ail are cordially invited. j
F1KET Presbyterian Church. Van Ness ave. j
£n<S Sacriiinento et. — Bev. William Kirk ■
Guthrie., pastor. Services at 11 a. m. ar.d 7:30
p. m. The r**tor will preach at both ser-
vices. Tho choir will furnish special Christ- j
xr.as music morning and evening. Sabbath i
school, 12:30 p. nu: Christmas exercises and j
nusic t-hristian Endeavor, 5:15 and C:lo ,
p. m. S&tuniay. 6:30 p. m. to 12 p. m.. .
" watch night meeting. AU are cordiaiiy i
• invited. i
TOINITY Presbyterian Church, corner Twen- |
• ty-third and C_rp sts.— E*r. Edward K. ;
6t,rong. paster. Public worship at 11 a. m.; f
preactiu? by th* pastor. Special Christmas I
music Bible school at 12:30 p. m.; En- |
oVavor Society _t 6:30 p. m.; evening wor- |
Vl.ip mt 7:S0 o'clock; a Christmas mission |
K=rvice. A£dre*s en China ,ty Rev. J. IL ;
L_\iglilln. Special music with other exer- |
cite*. All invited. j
GKACE Church California St., corner Stock- ]
ton liev. David J. E»va_s, rector — Celebra- |
tion cf holy communion, 8 a. in., music by
lac:**' choir; morcing service, with second !
celebration oi holy communion and sermon ,
by tb« rector. 11 a. m.; "Te Deum." in E ■
fiat (Buck); " Jubilate," in A flat tGilchrist); ]
offertor y. "Chrttwias Carol." words by Rev. .
David J. Evans, musio by Horatio Parker; ;
"lieeee Bnleinnelle" (Gounod); Sunday school. ;
carol service. 7:43 p. m. Organist and .
<___nn_ster. Wi_ia,Tn H. Holt j
TRINITY Church. Bush and Oough sts. — Rev. 1
Frectrlck V. Citmpett D. D., rector.. Holy j
con-.rcunion at 7 and 8:30 a. m. Morning ser- ,
vioe -_d fcicOy communion. 11 e. tn. ; sermon j
' by- rector. Evening service, S p. m. ; Haa- <
eel'e •"MesBi-ii." by full choir. ;
TJX1TAPJA-N CLurcJi (First), S.W. cor. Geary j
and Fra—klin sts. — Rev. Bradford Leavitt i
minister Junior Church and Sunday school
an at 10 o'c;o_; Kev. Bradford Lieavltt and .
C. A Murficclc. supts. Sunday sen-ice is at ;
31 o'clock. There ;s no evening service. Mr i
Leavitl will preach; subject "What We ,
Know About Jetus of Nasareth." Musio by I
augmented choir with harp and *cei:o ac- ,
rx>mpanim«it, under direction of H. Breth-
trick, crsa—st. All are cordially invited.
HN'ITAiUAN Church (Second), corner Twen- i
Ueth and Capp sts. (Take Mission or Valen- ,
c;a-st car.) — C Gaavert Smoot minister; j
' residence 3470 Twentieth Bt. The Sunday j
fcchool rneets at 9:45 o'clock; Mrs. L. A. i
Covtl, superintendent. At the morning ser- j
v.oe, at 11 o'clock. C Calvert Smoot will j
1,-rcach; subject. ••Worshipers of the Christ j
• Tuld." Music by orchestra and choir, under I
the di— ciion of Jabish Clement All cor- |
cially iav'ted. No evening service.
PLYMOUTH Congrcsatiosal Church, Post st. j
bet. Buchanan and Webster sts. — Rev. I. C. i
Mesorv <>, 1>. D.. pastor. Services at 11 a. m. i
ajid 7:4."» p. m. The choir will render spe- 1
cial Christmas music both — cming and even- |
.ing. The pastor's morning theme will be: j
"The Voire of God on Christmas Morning"; j
hi5 evening theme. "Christmas, an English
Thought and Custom." Sunday school at '•
H:3« a, =J. Christian Endeavor Meeting at j
6:45 p. m.
1 j
TTT1P-D Ccn rrerationiJ, 15th, near Mission — |
Rev. William Rader, pastor; residence. Hotel ;
Manhattan. At 11 a. m., "The Christmas
c: the Inner Life." Special music by the
large chorus choir. At 7:30 p. m. the
choir, under the direction of William Stait-
feld. will render Oaul's cantata. "Ruth."
EIMr?ON Memorial Methodist Church, corner i
Hayes and Duchar.an sts. — James H. N. Wil- j
• iiams pastor, will preach at 11 a. rn. on
"The Guiding Siar." Bishop Hamilton will
I* present aad take part in the s«rvlce. ;
Special music by the choir. Mme. Tellula
Evar.s-Burr'll will sing "The Glorious Mcrn." '
by NeH;ins«r. Special Christmas exercises .
at r.;£ht by the Sunday school. Sterecpticun <
illustrations and special music by Mrs. I. E. (
..Blake and Miss Uanna Shimczumi.
GRACE Methodist Episcopal Church, corner ;
"T>-enty-firs t and Capp sts.. Rev. F. M. Lar- j
kfti, Ph.D.. pestor; residence 316S Twenty- 1
first tt. — Scrvict-s 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m. ; ]
Sunday school. 12:45 p. m.; morning sermon, j
"Tht- World's Expectation" ; evening service, j
the asrjral Christmas choral service by the j
■<hoir; full chorus choir, assisted by quartet; j
.Kob^rt Husband, director.
CALIFORNIA-STREET Methodist Church, cor.
. California and Broderick sts. — Rev. George j
A Hough, the pastor, will preach a Christ- j
mas sermon in the morning; in the evening j
there will be a special Christmas concert by I
the cho'.r. assisted by Mrs. Robb, soprano, ;
and Miss Muroe. violin; stranaers invited; ■
rf-ati' free: Sunday school at 9:45 a. m.; Ep- ;
uonh L»atrue at 0:30 p. m. !
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post and :
Mason st*. — K<?v. Oeorge C. Adams. D. IX. j
past'or. Christmas services morning and j
*>vening, with special music by the choir;
6*— eel 3. Mayer, organist aad rector. At I
11 a. m . the pastor will preach: topic, j
"Herod and the Wise Men." At 7:45 p. m., ■■
monthly service of ecng. The oratorio of :
'•The Nativity." by Dr. H. J. Stewart of
I t*;if city. Rf-marks by the pastor; topic, "A I
<"haptf-r of Trials' — Matthew 11. All are '
cordially ir.vitd.
FIRST Baptist Church, 320 Eddy st. — Rev. :
Arthur W. Rider preaches at 11 a. m. and i
7:U(» p. m. E'.ble srhool. 12:30 p. m. Chris- i
tian Endeavor meetinsa. 6:30 p. rn. Prayer i
mc-t-Ur.fr Wednesday, 7:45 p. m., led bv Wil- ]
.Ham CTiair.berlain. All cordially Invited to '
"tfcefe services. Heats free-
FIRST Church of Christ Scientist Central 1
block, 223 Putter St., bet. Kearny and Grant j
. av. — Christian Science service at 11 a. rn. ; |
Furjf-c-t of lesson-eenacn, "God." Sunday j
school for children at the same hour: Wed- j
nesday evening meetir.g at 8 o'clock: -free ]
reading-room. 206 Kearny st, rocms 503-510;
til are welcome.
THE People's Church holds services la Elks'
Hall. _3 S-utUr st.. at 8 p. m. every Sunday. |
Subject this evening-. "A Christmas Ser- ]
' iron." Mrs. J. J. Wh!tn«r will give mes- i
s,a*res. Special music. Pastor. Mra Anna !
Glllesple. residence C31 Van Ness ave.
AN address W.n b« glT«n by Her. Wnilam !
Rader of this city to-day at 8 o'clock at
the Younc Men's Christian Association, Ma-
son and Ellis sts. Mueic by Robaon orches- ;
tra ; solo by A. E. MaeMlXian. All men are :
ce<rC!aIly invited to attend.
_XETX~GS — SXTZrOAT.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, medical, will give
rr.essE ?es th!s evening, people's Church, Elks'
"Hail. 223 Butter. Office 1206 Mkt; sit daily.
HUB. YOUNG'S test is*«t. to-nieht end Mon-
day Bight, 10c. €39 McAllister; Mrs. Seal
lecture.
A-^MRS. HARLANTrS Christmas test circle
to-night also Men. •— »., 30c. 148 Sixth Bt
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 235 McAllister St.— Mrs.C.
J.Meyer; sit dally; tests to all every ere., 10c
. MME. EILEItSFICKEN. born psychic and life
reaaer; clairvoyant readings daily. 1035 Mkt
AGNES BACON, t— ts; ether eminent speakers.
Forester's Hall. 102 O'Fftrrell, £ p. m.; free.
TESTS. Bccttish Hall, 8 p. m.; Maxwell, Wll-
soa. wrenn, Hovet. Samuels. McKee. Brooks.
CHILDREN'S lyeeum Christinas celebration at
10:«0 a.m.,O!d Fellows. No. S; don't miss it
W. G. KXRGAN holds a test seance every
Bight except Eaturcay: 10c 148 Sixth st
MRS. ETHEL CREVDLE. materializing se-
asoe. Sunday. S p. m.; SOc: 782 Ellis st
2£M~- BARBARA, spiritual and business me-
dium and divine healer. 11 Vi Fulton st
TESTS — I. O. O. F. bldg.. Remembrance Hall;
8. free; 7:30. Wilson Hargrave. 10c.
SUKDA~ LCCTUEES.
AAA — "NOW" lecture. Henry Harrison Brown.
eubje<rt. "What Is In the Stocking V — a prac-
tical application of the Xmas spirit; 8 p. m. ;
fix* with collection: Memorial Hall, Odd
Fellows' bldg., cor. 7th and Market; music
aUTIIUJI MORKOW LEWIS. Academy of Sci-
I ences. Thursday. 8 p. m.. opening lecture of
second course of fine social science lectures.
Subject. "Socialism and Modern Science."
Course tickets, 2£c; single, ticket. 10c.
:EE Thought Association, Scandia Hall. 161
City Hall ave.; mibjeet. "Has Man an Inde-
pendent Soul"; 2 p. m.
LHAMBRA Theater, Jan. 8. "Some Objec-
tions to Socialism." Arthur M. Lewis; free.
a. COLLING E — Subject "Evolution of Sex."
Welcome Hall. Odd Fellows' bldg.. 8 p.m.
5-NIGHT— Carrr. en's Hall. 310 O'FarreU st
"The Industrial Unit." J. R. Cole. Free.
t'PTJN LEWIS. Union Square Hall. Jan. 8.
"Industrial Development in America.'
MEETIMO NOTICES.
I CAM Fra.-»er No. 7S, O. S. C, will -*>
-.'lebrat* th« 145tli anniversary of RJ^jJ
the birth of ROBERT BURNS by JS^gS^V
«-oncert and dance in Native Bonn' s
\l*\\. 414 Mason Bt.. on TITESDAY < f\.tr
~l*ENCCO. Jan. 2*; oration by •* S
CHAS. JIILW OAYLEV. L1U.D.. LL.D.,
jwTi— or (•: Eoslitb languages and liter-T-
im-. Kr.'.vrsity cf California; characteristic
taUiCuv frcm Bums' wcrlts; cboral singing
t>3' 2C0 clansmen in costume; Burns' songs by
T.'cli kno-a-n p.rtlsts; the concert to 1* fol-
lowed by dancing; music by Fairprieve; ad-
BiisElon 50c, children 25c COMMITTEE.
! a_"2TI~P NOTICES — Contlnned.
MEMBERS of La Loge Parfaite Union O
No. 17. F. and A. M., are r«quested^Qr
to meet at Temrle. Post and Mont- / ▼ >
gomery sts.. MONDAY. December 1*0.
at 12:45 v. m., to attend the funeral of
Urother Past Master V. GARDET. 13y order
I P. L>E ST. JULIEN. Secretary.
ALTA Lodge No. 205, I. O. O. F. jj^^Z^j'*
—Initiation MONDAY EVE.,
, Dec. 26. .. Visitors welcome. *$Z3ir%iP?
; B. F. LEDFORD, N. G. '-**&&'
! THE Swedish Lodse Odin Xo. 803, Ztfi£H}<*&.
I. O. O. F.. meets every WED-jSsstfSjjHkif;
NESDAY NIGHT in Frateroal5j35j3*»Sr
Hall; visitors are always wel- *~W-~^
: com*. GEORGE G. MOREN. N. G.
6WAN CHYTRAUS, Sec. V
1 MODERN Woodmen of Am.«-!ca. Good- vSSs* 7
fellowship Camp 9633, M. W. of A., I v% j
meets every MONDAY NIGI1T at iVsJ
Electricians' Hall. 35 Eddy St.. city. P% T/
W. H. EDWARDS. V. C.
; W. J. ELLIOTT. Clerk; office, room (£7
I Emma Spreckela building.
I _ ■ __
i A NICHT in Auld Scotland. — The S. . *T7 >
F. Scottish Thistle Club will hold 3\ Q oi
their tvrenty-third annual llogma- >SOiJp-'
nay Supper and Ball SATURDAY
EVENING, December 31. at Lyric Hall, 119 j
Eddy st A gala time to all- Grand march i
8:30 p. m., supper 11:15 p. m. Admission
$1 50 each. Hat and cloak room for guests.
GEO. W. PATERSON, Itoyal Chief.
A. E. CARLISLE. Recorder.
i THE California Debris Commission, having
received applications to mine by hydraulic
process from B. G. Smith ar.d S. H. Robin-
son. In Celtic and Monterey gravel mine, at
Columbia, Tuolumne County, Cal., draining
into Mormon Creek, which reaches Stanis-
laus River; from J. F. Schindler. in Council
11111 mine, near Scales, Sierra County, Cal.,
drainine into Rock Creek, which reaches
Tuba River; from J. B. Stewart, in Stewart
mine, near Oleta. Amador County. Ca!.,
draining Into Indian Cr*ek, which reaches
Ccnsumnes River; from W. and G. W. Car-
penter and Vic Henderson. In Independence
hydraulic mine, near Iowa "Hill. Placer
County, Cal.. draining into Independence
Creek, which reaches North Fork of Ameri-
can River: from Gold Top Mining O<x, in.
Orchard placer mine, near Pine Grove. Am-
ador County. Cal.. draining into Jackson
Creek, which reaches Mokelumne River, and
from Victor. Frank and Joseph Dondero. in
Gold Nugget mine, near Columbia. Tuolumne
Cousty, Cal.. draiainc into Woods Creek,
which reaches Tuoiumne River, gives notice
! that a meeting to receive any protests will
be held at room 08, Flood building. San
Francisco, Cal.. Jan. 9. 1305, at 1:30 p. m.
: THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
the Nevada National Bank of San Fran-
cisco. Cal., will be held at Its banking-
bcuse, *0i_ Montgomery st. San Francisco.
Cal.. on TUESDAY. January 10. 1008.
at 8:15 p. m .. for the election of directors to
s*rre during the ensuing yeax, and for the
L transaction of such oth^r businees as may
ccme before the meeting.
GEO. GRANT. Secretary.
Dtcemter 10. 1904.
i A BRANCH offlre of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at IOCS Market Bt. opposite
j Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
j ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Cal! branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
ADOJPTIOIT.
j . ■
j BABY girl wanted; good home; Catholio fam-
ily. Maternity Viila, DR. FUNKK. 1416
Eighth St.. Alameda.
! ASTROLOGY.
; ASTOR, famous N. Y. astrologer, man of abil-
ity; advice; lesions; booklet. 097 Market st.
| AGENTS WANTED.
MEN AND WOMEN HUSTLERS willing to
<>arn $2C0O to $5000 a year, whether employed
at present or not; investigate this opportu-
nity of vour life; no capital required; write
to-day for particulars. THE FRED PAR-
KER' CO.. P. O. bot 13, Spokane, Wash.
A FOUNTAIN p«n free — To introduce our cat-
; alogue of novelties we will send a beautiful
fountain pen Jree for 8c prepaid: there is
! nothing cheap about it onlj' the pric^-. F.
ANDREWS & SON, San Francisco, Cal., P.
O. box 22C3.
! HOLIDAY GIFT— Genuine Boroque pearl hat-
r>ln, gold mounted; beautiful luster; 9 In.
long; retails 50c; mail us 10c to pay ccst end
W2 will send thia magnificent pift absolutely
free to introduce our goods. Union Novelty
Manufacturing Co.. Muscatine, Iowa.
! EVERYBODY uses "Purity Soap Leaves";
eoap in book form; send 10c for sample and
particulars. F. ANDREWS & SON, San
Francisco, P. O. box 22C3.
| WANTED — 10 men in each State to travel,
tack signs and distribute samples and cir-
culars of our goods: salary $75 per month;
%'i per dav tor e-vr^-nw? Co.,
Dept D. 22, Atlas block. Chieag*.
INVEST in wenderful money-making improve-
j ment; ground-floor opportunities to duplicate
Bell telephone, WVstlnghouse, etc., success.
FREDERICK KUNNECKE. room 1201. 108
Fulton St., New York.
' AGENTS wanted everywhere to handle "Nov-
*U.y EIgm Cards" ; every merchant buys from
10 to 100 on sight. 800 varieties; catalogue
free. SULLIVAN CO.. 1139 Ma pie wood ave.,
Chicago. 111.
NEW FOUNTAIN COMB— APPLIES any dan-
druff cure or bleach to scalp or hair without
■waste or soiled hands. DR. VAUX CO., 29
Monroe ave.. Detroit, Mich.
j AGENTS — We pay $18 a week and expenses
to men with rtes to Introduce poultry com-
pound; year's contract. Imperial Mfg.- Co.,
Dept. 54, Parsons, Kans.
! PERFUMES, toilet articles, flavoring powders.
PACIFIC AGENTS' SUPPLY CO., 1220 Treat
ave., San Francisco.
TOUNG hustlers, $3 day easy: comlo cards,
cases, etc M. HESS, 211 Randolph, Chicago.
i LADY and centlemen solicitors: liberal com-
mission. 8. R. WOOD, 630 Market st
i ATT0B~ET8-AT-EAW.
! A FRAUDULENT divorce Is dear at $12 and
Is no good; for 22 years I've made divorces
a specialty; quick, quiet; no money needed;
no pay unless divorce Is granted; perfectly
reliable; lowest fees: advice free; collections
made. G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market st
R. W. KINO, Attorney-et-law, Exam, bldg.,
eth floor; entrance room 611; established 26
years; all courts, general court and office
practice: no fees in advance or for consulta-
tion; evening by appointment? TeL Red 3C01.
j AA — Divorce; costs $12; qulck.qulet;advice free;
all law business; no charge unless success-
ful; open evenings. 027 Market et.. room 301.
ADVICE free: divorce costs $12; no fees or
costs in advance; all law business; office
open Saturday evenings. 810 Market it, r. S3.
JOHN GUIDERY. attorney-at-law, rooms 3
and 4, 240 Montgomery tt. ; phone Red CGI 7.
L S. CLARK. 827 Market room 304; consulta-
tion free; no fees in advance; open evenings.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
ASTHMA CUBE. *
DI NOLA'S Asthma Remedy relieves instantly;
10c 25c. 50c. 1602. Market. St Nicholas,
also WIshart, 10th and Washington. Oakland
ATJ TOMOEILES.
BARGAIN — $250 "Orient" buckboard. Improved
equipment: used 4 months; owner buying
larger car: investlirate. Call or write 675
Thirtr-slsth St., Oakland.
A FINE automobile for eale In first-class run-
ning order. Address box 1695. Call office.
BICYCLES — For Sale or Exchange.
80 SECOND-HAND bicycles, all makes, $3 50
and up. FRY BROS.. 1828 Polk gt.
aOAEDIRO FOB CEIUBEg.
LADY teacher has good home for girl; ad-
vanced music; $12 month; two $22; healthful
locality. 1433 Eighth ave.. Sunset T
CHILDREN to board. 640A Natoma st
I WANTED — Email child to board in private
I family; best of care. 861% Greenwich st
I CHILDREN boarded. 120 William st
I i — — .
A LADT would like a child to board. Box
33S4. Call office.
CHILDREN to board; good home. Inquire 282
Turk St..
A LADY would like a baby to board. Box
3»?3, Call office.
; CBSDXT CLOTHTEBS.
' C. F. ADAMS CO., 318 Mason st— Clothing
for everybody from hat to shoes; you can get
j what you want from us and have it charged.
CLOTHIHO BEKOVATIKQ.
J SUITS cleaned and pressed, $1; scouring and
! {dyeing. Bon Marche, Examiner bldg., r. 410;
phone Drumra 44. Call for and deliver free.
.Tj BAD tenants ejected for SI; collections made;
city or country. Pacific Collection Co.. 415
Montgomery st. rooms 9-10. Tel. Main 53S0.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALT, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1904.
BPSCTES3 CgAKCEB.
A— $4000; BAKERY and confectionery, estab-
lished many years, baking 7 barrels per day;
C horses, wagons and buggy; one of the best
! ni this city. See R, G. WILKE, 26 }& Kearny. ■
A— $350; well established real estate office in
Napa. Co.; office dolnE a good business; has
valuable contracts; clearing about $150; par-
ticulars. R. G. WILKE, 26V& Kearny pt.
A — J7C0; HALF interest in manufacturing busi-
ness; established 16 years; partner can clear
$150 easy per month: rare chance. R. G.
WILKE. 26 M Kearny at.
A — $1000: tea and coffee store,- crockery, etc. ;
estab. years; stock invoice to about $2500;
owner engaged in business in Arizona; must
e_ciitice. Particular It. G. WILKE. 26^4
Kearny st.
A— $3C0; HARDWARE locksmith and electri-
cal repair ehop; established 25 years; beat
location. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26H
Kearny.
A— $5CP; HARDWARE, locksmith and electri-
cal repair shop; established 25 years; best
location. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26H
Ktarny.
A — $1800; SALOON en water front, cloee to
Market St.; net rent $120; place established
marjr years and known as a good paying
' business. See R. Q. WILKE. 2t>V4 Kearny.
A— $900; BAKERY with delicatessen sttire. ice-
cream parlor; in very best location; will b*
sacrificed: owner must leave at once for New
York; rent $20. Call R. G. WILKE, 26V4
Keamy Bt.
A— $3500; LIQUOR store, with 5 years' lease:
$2000 stock guaranteed; 1 block north of
Market; a very rare chance. Call on R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $1800; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon;
daily receipts $50; rent $80; lease; place lo-
cated close to Market and a good business.
Call on R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny St.
A — $3S0O; SALOON: the best on the water
front; rent $74; place known for the last 30
years as a first-class paying business. For
particulars call on It. G. WILKE, 26H
Kearny st.
A — $1200; OLD-ESTAB. dyeing and cleaning
works; 3 horses; 4 wagons; net rent $20;
. place estab. for many years and has a large
patronage; a good paying: business. Call on
R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny St.
A— ?10CO; HOTEL; a first-class paying bar; 14
rooms, dining-room and kitchen, with 5-year
lease; close to carhouse and other . factories. ]
See R. G. WILKE. 2ti& Kearny st. I
A— $1SOO; RESTAURANT for sale, in the best '
mining town in the State of Nevada; daily
receipts, $150; opposite the round houso; no
better paying* proposition in Nevada. Partic-
ulars It. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
$600 — WILL take partner in a good paying,
nicely furnished coffee parlor and restau-
rant; lease; or owner will sell for $1100;
part on time. See R. G. WILKE. 26Vi
j Kearny st.
X— $7000: BAKERY, one cf the best In city;
monthly sales $6000; splendid chance for two
partners; not all cash nlcessary. Particulars
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st. »
A — $2500; HOTEL in Sonoma Co.; 20 furn.
rooms; dining and bar room, bus, 2 horses,
cow. etc., and 7 acres of land; 5 years' lease;
rent $50 or owner will sell whole property
lor $12,000. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26ft
Kearni- st.
A — $1750; CORNER grocery and bar, with 5
living rooms, en Sacramento St.; 4% years'
lease; rent $45; the very best location. See
R. G. WILKJS, 26^ Kearny St.
$550— RESTAURANT; very best location; rent
$60; close to Keamy and Bush; good-paying
Investment; investigate. Call on R. G.
I WILKE, 26^ Kearny st.
j A— $2000; CORNER grocery and bar on Va-
lencia St.; lease; old established and .good
i paying business: investigate; a rare chance.
See R. G. WILKE. 2t5i£ Kearny St.
; A — $2350; COAL, wood, hay and grain busi-
ness; o horses, 3 wagons; net rent- $34;
pla-:c esta Wished years; very best loca-
tion; a good cash business. See R. G.
WILKE. 2U% Kearny st. -
A — $800; CORNER saloon In wholesale dis-
trict; no night or Sunday work; saloon es-
! tab. 20 years and known as a good busi-
ness. See R. G. WILKE, 26# Kearny st.
j A— $2150: CORNER grocery and bar. 6 years'
leas:; rent $40; store doing large, cash busi-
ness: location can't be beat; value In sight.
See R. G. WILKE, 26V4 Kearny st.
i A — $2000; COFFEE saloon and restaurant: one
block fixm Examiner building; place estab-
lished years; dolne 'a first-class business:
about $70 per day. Particulars see R. G.
; WILKE. 2*5% Kearny st.
I A— $3500; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
I ft.; rent $C0: living rooms; stock will in-
: voice about $2800; a well established and
first-class paying business. See B, G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $350; DAIRY, produce and delicatessen
store: 5 rocms; rent $25: best location Va-
lencia st. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
$1650— SAN JOSE paying dairy and milk route:
choice patronage; 17 head fine cattle; good
location; reasonable lease; excellent equip-
ment. Box B, Call office, San Jose.
A LADY'S and gent's tailoring establishment,
cleaning and dyeing, for sale; business well
established and in a fine location. Address
for particulars, box 3296, Call office.
ADJUSTER (having also had office experience
! in nearly every capacity with firms of high
I rating) deshes position by January; answers
treated in strict confidence. Box 8877, Call.
| $1750 — GROCERY business; fine stock, fixtures,
' horse, wagon, etc.: nice living rooms; garden
and 3table; rent $15; sales, $750 per month.
Box 3855. Call.
j FOR sale — Interest In profitable ten-cent vaude-
ville theater; capital wanted for Improve-
ment; bona fide proposition; Investigate. Ad-
dress box 1584, Call.
OFFICE business,
Paying $UCO monthly; $600 and services of
right party secure* half int. Box 8823. Call.
RESTAURANT and delicatessen store- for sale,
oltuated in good business location. Box
3501, Call office.
WANTED — A good hotel, city or country;
country preferred: state price and full-par-
ticulars. Box 3101, Call office.
ADVERTISING house with Al Eastern lines
wants party with $2500 to take half Interest
and manage office. Box 8609, Call.
MARKET st. cigar stand, $325; slckn«ss causes
sale; would not sell for double otherwise.
Bee owner. 12 to 2, at 1442 Market st
GROCERY and delicacy cheap; easy terms; or
would take reliable partner. Call at 1298
Jackson st.
GOOD paying cigar stand; other business de-
mands attention; no reasonable offer refused.
13 Fifth »t. .
GOOD chanoe — $5000 or more, with services;
established mfg. business. Paxtlcu'«— room
20. 330 Pine st.
CHEAP on account of sickness. ' first-class
oyster and chop house; good location. 20*4
Seventh et
FOTt sale — Express and delivery; two single
teams; steady customer*. Box 3630, Call.
WANTED—To buy a corner grocery and bar;
state price asked. Address box 129C, Call.
FOR sale — First-class saloon; long lease; cheap
rent; your price. Box 3814, Call office.
$8000— WILL buy half-interest in paying es-
tablished bus. ; no opposition. Box 8798, Call.
BY Jan. 1. I have available $5000 for Invest-
ment. Box 3832, Call office.
BREWERY enterprise, SOc a share; rare ep-
portunlty. Box 5773. Call office.
$1000 AND service secures paying. Interest in
a corporation. • Inquire 1035 Market, room 2.
FOR sale, or will take partner, saloon and 15
rooms; last chance. 212 East st.
WELL-PAYING ineat market for sale; butcher
remains with buyer. Box 3834, Call office.
I WANT $1000 to launch a~bus!ne— enterprise-
$10.000 a year profits. Box 3830, Call office.
WANTED — Lady partner in rooming-house*
small capital required. • 610 Geary »\.
TO lease for a term of years— One. of the best
places in the town of San Mateo; large
house, barn, chicken-house, etc; on the elec-
tric line; 5 minutes' walk from depot; suit-
able for private hotel and restaurant; very
large grounds, fine shade, trees, beautiful
flowers; a. fine opportunity for the right
party. Inquire after 5 p.' m. frcm owner, 86
Fair Oaks st., San Francisco.
SPACES to let In an established store, for
dry goods, children's and infants' wear,
millinery, gloves, notions. Address box
3924. Call office. , i . < •
FOR sale — Bakery; short distance from San
Francisco; a great bargain If sold at once as
owner Is interested In other business. Apply
Bakers' Home, 794 Mission st
$1000— BEER bottling works and draught beer
agency, complete In every detail; good estab.
trade; must see account of slckneas. Inquire
Wunder Brewing Co. f ,
WE Incorporate and float stock companies- we
handle unlisted securities ; loans negotiated.
HORATIO GILBERT & CO., Ellicott Square
Buffalo.
$125— CARPENTER shop with two rooms fur-
nlehed. 532 Sixth st.; call after 6 p. m.
COUNTRY newspaper properties for ; sale:
, dally, weekly. W.-F. CORNELL * CO.. 518
Sacramento st
B~SI~ESS i CI^ycrEaU-Oonttoned. ,_'__
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances,
I For sal« — Well-furnished and equipped country
hotel; 69 rooms; rent only $150; 10-year
lease: newly painted and renovated through-
out; about 50 miles from S. F.; fine, grow-
ing town; oreseut owner made fortune and
wants to retire. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy.
i First-class saloon' downtown; 2 blocks from
Market st.; rent $75; well fitted up; receipts
$18 to $25 per day; must be sold on account
of other business: price. $1600. CAMERON
& CO.
First-class short-order restaurant, downtown;
fittings new and up-to-date; receipts $75 to
80 per day; fine opportunity to get Al prop-
osition reasonable; beet of reason for Bell-
ing. CAMERON & CO.
For «ale— CFlrrt-claM besaar pM cigar busl-
, ness; Al location, long )*_<e, cheap rent;
fixtures and store up-to-d- „«; established 17
years; fine new «tock of goods; has never
changed" hands; now clearing $350 and over
per month; best reason for selling; an op-
portunity of a lifetime. SEE CAMERON St
CO.
Harness and saddlery shop, well located; rent
$12; well stocked: fine wax machine; 'all
bench tools; everything goes; price, $1000;
more than value In sight; retiring from
business. CAMERON & CO. • •
Hera is an opportunity of getting one of the
beat groceries and bars in city; fine transfer
corner; downtown and doing big buuiness;
cheap rent: 5 years' lease; receipts average
$13C0 to $2000 per month; never changed
hands; best of reasons for selling. CAMER-
ON & CO.
Exchanges made In all kinds of real estate,
rooming-house and business chances. CAME-
RON &. CO.. S Eddy st.
For sale — Several good business propositions
for investors, such as cigar stores, groceries
and bars, bakeries, furnishing goods, mer-
chandise, country hotels, restaurants and
many other propositions too numerous to
mention; would be pleased to have you call
and Inspect our list. CAMERON & CO., 3
Eddy st.
For sale — First-class * downtown cigar store ;
doing good business, but disagreement of
partners cause of sale. CAMERON & CO.
F. A. BROOKBANK. ~
1 BUSINESS AGENT,
j 917 Market St.. between Fifth and Sixth.
A CLIENT of mine who conducts a well pay-
ing cigar stand on Market st. desires good,
hon-ist man as partner to assist him in at-
tending stand, and to same he can offer fine
position; no experience necessary; $350 cash
required. Particulars of BROOKBANK.
$350 AND services secure an interest in old
estab. office and commission business clear-
ing $200 to $250 rio.; no experience required;
party must be sober and reliable and furnish
gnod references, as same will b« tendered
him. Particulars with BROOKBANK.
j BARBER shop of 2 chairs, on busy street,
north of Market st.: cheap rent; money
[ maker; gift for $175. See BROOKBANK.
L CHAS. C. HULBERT,
911 Broadway, Oakland.
Tel. Main 1024.
For aal* — Coal yard, centrally located,
cheap.
$300 buys a good confectionery and Ice cream
1 store in the heart of the city.
I Hotel, paying $175 per month profit; will
exchange for cottage.
HOTEL FOR SALE.
$6500^ — $4000 cash buys splendid hotel business
in nearby town; 60 rooms and bar; equip-
ment; horses and 'bus, and 6 years' lease
for sale; rent $100 month; clears $250. F. L.
BKAGGS & CO., 26 Montgomery st.
FOR sale—
Llvory and boarding stable, central, in
Oakland, doing a fine paying business; cheap
rent; loner lease; it's got to be sold right
away; will bear looking into; facts and fig-
, urea shown; ill health of owner the reason
for selline; call or tend for particulars. 455
7th ot., Oakland. GEO. H. LEE.
• AAA. — WIDE awake real estate man, with
about $250, to buy an interest in my business;
I have more than I can handle; here is an
opportunity for a good man who is a hustler;
are you that man? Box 1583, Call office,
Oakland.
WANTED — Three or four men to go In with
me to investigate what seems to be a good
i raining proposition. The property can be
thoroughly lnvestlpated at small expense. E.
; E. KF.YES or P. W. OWEN, 906 Call build-
ing. San Francisco.
A RIBBON house wants to be represented in
i the States of California, Orejran, Utah, Mon-
• ■ tana and Colorado. Only parties need answer
1 who are thoroughly familiar with the line.
Address MENDELSON & ADLER, 41 Mer-
cer St., N. Y.
i AN INCOME FOR THE? FAMILY— Dividends
that will please you. INTERNATIONAIj
LUMBER & DEVELOPMENT CO. (assets
$13,000,000). Drexel bldg., Philadelphia, Fa.
. 100 LOTS free — Applicants sending stamp will
receive deed of lot. size 25x100 feet, Suburb.
New York. 20th Century Realty Co.. 6 Wall
St.. New York. v -
, SALOON for sale with lease. Apply at Hi-
i bernla Brewery.
PARTNER for bakery; man or woman. Box
, 8023. Call office. ■ ■
i FIRST-CLASS tailor store; worth $2500; will
1 sell fcr $800; no agents. Box 2006, CalL
: RESTAURANT for sale cheap. 8 Twenty-
ntnth st.; call immediately.
i ■
$250— NOTIONS, candy and cigars; 2 furnished
rooms; must be sold; make -offer. 343 6th st.
RESTAURANT for sale; trouble among part-
ners. 181 Sixth st.
1 FOR sale— A small grocery and bar. Inquire
at 1898 Fifteenth st.
ROUTE 12, San Francisco Call, for sale. Ap-
ply San Francisco Call office.
w
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050
8 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses. Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
Beautiful new building; grand entrance;
1 electric elevator, lights; ateam heat; 60 light
' and sunny rooms, elegantly furnished; spacious
halls; draperies and fittings of the bent; vhere
you can have an exquisite home besides clear-
ing $300 per month above all expenses; close
in; cheap rent and long lease; this house is
always full of best people; sickness causes
•ale; exclusively with us.-
Rare chance to get choice 7 room flat: rent,
including garbage and Janitor service, $40 per
month: furnished in mahogany and oak; best
body Brussels carpets; new 1 year and cost
$800 to furnish: will sell for $450 on account
of leaving city.
Choice 80-room downtown European hotel;
strictly first class and thoroughly respectable;
every equipment; modern and up to date; al-
, ways full and clears $350 to $100 per month;
best reasons for selling; with us exclusively.
Tou can't beat this beautifully furnished,
i 100-room downtown house; carpets, furniture
and draperies of. the very best; electric lights,
eteam heat; in fact, everything modern and
up to date; long lease; cheap rent; owner lefty-
Ing city.
20 rooms; good location on Howard st.; rent
only $COj good furniture; new carpets; nice
• and clean and paying well; $500 down, bal-
ance out of house; price $1000.
Here la 16 good rooms, . close in with 3
rooms not furnished, but are all full 'and pays
$50 per month above all expenses; owner tak-
ing larger house; price $1050.
Here Is a nice little home of 12 well-fur
nishtd rooms; rent only $60; where you can
clear $50 per month and have 2 best rooms;
Van Ness ave. ; only $.S5O. '
i This is a fins opportunity for some one with
$1000 cash to get 26 rooms well furnished in
oak and cherry; everything in rirst-claas shape
and clears $85 above- all expenses; leaves 3
rooms for landlady; balance can be paid out
of house. . >
Grand, new, modern apartment- house; bcau-
tlfur building; elegantly furnished; pood long
lease with cheap rent; only 15 minutes' walk
from Kearny St.; haa 180 rooms and pays $30>)
to $600 p/r month; always full; beet class of
people; a bargain can be had if taken at once.
Nice little house of 16 rooms with good fur-
niture, and carpets; rent only $65; must dis-
pose next ten days; make offer. '
First-class Investment where you can earn
$2400 per year on expenditure of $4500 in 46
room house: rent only $125 per month\ choice
location on Sutter St.; always full; best of oak
furniture; good b carpets ;, sickness only reason
for celling. : •
Swell family hotel on Sutter st.; beautifully
, furnished; always full; there are SO rooms,"
i rent only $425; obliged to leave city; will,* be
sold at half cost to furnish..
Big. snap; _1- room apartment-house; rent
only $4 per room; well furnished and clearing
$90 per month; will only take $550 cash, bal-
ance time; price $950.
14-room house, furnished in oak and mahos
any; good carpets; first-class location: all, full
and clearing nice little salary every month*
you can get It for $600 cash.
Beautifully furnished 6-room- modern flat;
' new 6 months ago; rent only $25; fine location;
cost over $800; to be sold for $400; departure.
High-grade family hotel- oh the I hill; - ele-
gantly furnished; has 80 light and sunny '
rooms; always full and clears a fine Income,
but sickness is only cause for being on the
market; good chance for some one to get pay-
ing investment at sacrifice.
16 rooms well located on Eddy St.; rent only
$65; oak and cherry furniture; clears ?»*>:
leaves 3 best rooms for landlady: everything
first-class condition; here is a fine home com
bined with nice little business; part down, bal-
ance as you make it. '
70-room country hotel; best Interior town in
State; barroom. 2 dining-rooms and 5- room ,
cottage besides; rent $100 per month; can get
10 years' lease; brick building; everything fine
condition; fine business proposition.
We have a number of special bargains in
flats of 6 to 10 rooms, new and modern; can
be had for leas than half cost to furnish; must
be sold, either account of sickness or de-
parture.*
Have large list of real estate, hotels, room-
ing house* and business chances for exchange
or trade always on hand.
A. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
UU.A.£*k\J£S UXVlf X 1 *-**#
406 Hearst building, over Examiner entrance,
corner Third and Market sts.; teL Black 3607.
Hotels and rooming-houses for sale. Free list. .
Abstract of Title Free With Each Sale. ;
' $168; house full
Half furnished 40- of steady room-
room house north «"»: <> a account ■
of Market; $1500 of sickness the
takes it up to 10 price ($o000) is
a. m.. December cut in two.
2. '"There is a ;
tide in the affairs • See
of all men's lives *,.__*
if taken, at tho MARION
flood leads on to „.-_,„. !
fortune." ; GRIFFIN.
See ; ZZZT" :
MARION Fashionable room- .
GRIFFIN. Ing-house ot 83
--—-—--_— ______ rooms, on Sutter
Salary of $3 per »- Furnishings '
day and you stay -■■ _^
at home. Why cost $6010. Every- *
not start In on \
Jan. 1. 1905? thing Is
You'd lay away — — -
some money. We FIRST CLASS. ;
offer you such a ■
chance in the All the roomers .
management of a '
30-room apart- must glre ao-
ment house; price ceptable • refer- •
$1800. Terms, % ences. House Is '
cash. Rent Is un- full.. Profit Is ex-
der $100. actly $187 month-
— — — ly. Owing to ina-
Ste mediate departure
from city price is :
MARION $3500.
GRIFFIN. Bee ,
— L. — . . MARION'
The pest fur- GRIFFIN.
nlshed 24-room
house in this city. ■-
On the sunniest •
corner In Call- Dependable house
fornia. Almost
no work for the of 68 rooms: T-
landlady. Owner
is out oTthe city. year lease. In-
Come and make ■
offer to come $430 orer •
MARION rent. Modern
GRIFFIN. building. Price, '
i IZII____ $5700. Terms %
Clean profit $306 cash.
monthly In a par- — — — :
tially furnished See
154-room house. i
Price $7500: 1st MARION
payment $2000.
— • GRIFFIN.
See
MARION '
SPECIAL.
GRIFFIN.
— Clears monthly
$175; 37-room
Transient house, -_ — _
near Market st. ; house. Beauti-
clears $125 to $200
monthly. The net fully furnished,
profit for 1904 up
to Christmas was Located on Ellis
exactly 11506.
Owner desires to st. Extra fine ■
leave S. F. at
once. For $500 entrance. House
first payment will
put you in pos- new and modern,
session.
Highly respect- :
See \ — —
able. 1
MARION
See
GRIFFIN.
— — — MARION
— > GRIFFIN. •
—NOTICE— - :
On Ja». 1. 1905,
Draw $200 in gold
MARION out of the bank
GRIFFIN » n< l let the bal- !
■ . ance- of your
will remove from money stay there ;
until you have
the Examiner bid. given this 19- c
to the room house a '
■ thorough trial.
JAMES FLOOD Prtce $1600, re-
duced
building, —to ?1200—
You pay $200
cor.. Market ami down and we
back you for a
Powell, thousand; house
located In busl-
Sulte 801. - ness center, north
of Market st. For ]
Near the elevators. this holiday snap
~ ■ ■ ■ See
Beautifully fur- '
nlshed house of MARION
60 rooms; on a ' ■
sunny corner; * GRIFFIN.
stick a pin here;
the rent is .onlj
H. C. DECKER 906 MARKET ST.
H. C. DECKER PHONE JOHN 531.
SQUARE DEALING— CLEAR TITLES.
Over 28 years selling houses in this city. '
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
See the Following Bargains:
19 r.: rent $75; only $250 cash $ 750
24 r. ; all light and sunny; rent $60 1400
2<j r. ; Market st. : snap 25CO i
25 r.; up-to-date hotel; swell location.. 3200
10-r. house, new furniture 600 1
27-r. house on Pest gt 2000
8 r.; sunny corner; north of Market st. 400,1
100 r.; always rented; clears $400 8500
103 r. ; apartment: clears $100 a month. 8000
II. C. DECKER, 906 Market St.. cor. Stockton.
TA KE NOTICE. ■
First-class rooming-houso for sale; 37 rooms;
clearing $175 per month; 4 suites; private
bath; balance single rooms; all light; modern
house; low rent; 4 bloc Its north of -Market-
furnishings best; price. I went a proposition-
have good reasons for selling; If not I
would not sell; have your attorney investi-
gate for you. Box 2033, Call office.
$2500— POSITIVELY must be sold at once;
flrst-clasH private rooming-house of 10 rooms:
all new furniture; building of pressed brick;
new and modern in every detail; every room
occupied; place clearing $100 a mor.th and
positively must be sold at once: open for tho
most rigid inspection. KREISS fy HORS-
WILL. 1070 Broadway, Oakland. Cal.
MITCHELL & CO.. ~"
1206 MARKET ST. PHONE JESSIE 29S1.
ItoomlnR and apartment houses, hotels, flats.
Sold to suit purchasers. Title guaranteed.
AUTOMOBILE AT YOUR SERVICE.
"A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements ana subscriptions has
been opened at IOCS Market st., opposlta
Fifth. Op«n until. 11 p. m.
24-^ROOM lodging house for sala in North
Beach, Address box 1405, Call office.
$350—8 ROOMS, mostly housekeeping; rent $35-
lncorae $flO. Call 214 Ellla st. .
ROOMING-HOUSE for sale; cheap. Box 3770,
LODGING-HOUSES TTAITCED
WANTED— A lodging house of about 20 rooms-
furniture must be in -good condition and rent
reasonable; state full particulars. Box XSOG.
Call office; no agents. •
WANTED— A 30-room house, furnished or un-
furnished; state price; no agents. Box-3SC
Call office.
1 S. ~~~~
MME. LYNN. 239 Powell st.. parlors 1 and 2—
'.The natural ■ born occult, medium, psychic
and clairvoyant of the Orient: her famous
$2 readings this week for COc; gives business
and personal readings dally and guarantees
satisfaction. . . ■ -
MISS M. WILLE, 310 Ellis st. clairvoyant
crystal seer and life reader, tells you exactly
what you called "for without asking a ques-
' tlon; names given; "$1; hours. - 10 to 8..
MISS WARD, 1206 Market st., cor. G. G. ave ,
: parlor 68, clairvoyant, gives names, dates and '
facts; hours 11 to 8; take elevator. .
CI-AIBVOYA-TS— Con-toned. I
LIVINGSTONE. >__ j
THE OCCULT WONDER.
FOR A RELIABLE. INTELLIGENT CLAIR-
VOYANT R . EA £gTON_U
FIVE RECEPTION^PARLORS. LADT AT-
TENDANT. 26 M KEARNY fax.
ATTENTION----- pR jj
The well-known medium and clairToyant.
overcome your enemies and unite tne mp» |
circular and special terms. 343 Geary st.
RICHARD MAYO.
CLAIRVOYANT.
421A — Ellis St. — 421A.
Hours 10 a. m. to 8 P- m. .
Private flat. Business confidential.
MME. M. BERNARD, the famous clalrroyant
and business medium, reads your life- cor-
rectly, gives accurate description of the past,
present and future; greatest .living adviser on
all affairs in life: never failed to give satls-
f action; 25c up. 17 Third st.. next Examiner.
ISMAR. Egyptian seerees. Vendo— •^1104
Market st.. San Francisco. Of flee n ° u _*~_ 10
a. m. to 5 p. m.: Sundays. 10 to 12: Wednes-
day evening. 6 to S. Phone South 1141.
MME. PORTER, clairvoyant, medium: born
with double veil and second sight; tells past,
present future; 1. 50c; g. by cards $1; Palm-
Istry full life read. $1. 303 Jones, nr. Eddy.^
MME. KRONENBERG. palmist, clalrv •oyant.
card reader: when others fail try me;r*-a"
inirs 25?. 324 O'Farrell st.; tel. Red 6"7.
MISS ZEMDAR. young gifted, elair. and pain? .t
reveals love, marriage business, etc; L. 50o:
O. $1; hours 10 to 9; names. 714 Franklin st.
MRS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader, has
returned: sittings daily. 103 6th st-rooms 1-2.
MME. SARAH, clairvoyant, card reader; ladles
35c: gents 60c. 23% Sixth st.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune-
teller, is now at 317 Ellis st.
srisrrDAijsM.
AA-imS. M. FRANCIS. 113 Halght et.—
Slate writing; 30 years in Saa Francisco.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. 1206 Market, r. 14. Gait House.
MRsTcRINDLE'S grand materializing seance,
Sunday eve., 8 o'clock. 50c 782 Ellis at.
C. MAYO STEERS, trance medium. 305 Lar-
kin, room 49; readings 1 to 5; tel. South 819.
C V MILLER'S Xmas seance to-night. 8
ojclock; friends only. 1084 Bush st.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted slate-writer and
clairvoyant. 1J12 Eddy st. Phone Scott 887.
CARPET BEATING AND CIiElHINO.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum ProcesVuaied
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal ;
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at shop; prices moderate. S. F. Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Co., 308 Market ■_;
phones Main 152 and Bush 470. '^
WHEN you become distrusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing works.855-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1800 Har-
rison St.; Al cleaning. So. FRED HAOE-
DORN & CO.; phone Mission 225.
CARPETS cleaned 8c, laid 5c; furniture moved.
GISSLOW. 60S Larkin st. Phone East 745.
MICHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth St.— First-class
carpet cleaning. 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Propa.
RUDOLPH 4: CO., carpet- beating woTks; prices
reasonable. 1708 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
DE_TTI3TB.
A NEW plate— The Whalebcne — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 SO; fillings, SOc;
plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, 60c; gas given.
PARIS Dental parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up; fillings, 25c
GOLD fillings, 75c; silver. 85c; crowns, $2; no
pain; open Sundays. Dr. A. C.Hewitt, 204 Sutter.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentlst.r.l4.1st
floor, Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from Geary st.
to corner Sutter st. and Grant ave.
dbe8sma--b3 and seamste2s8x3.
McDowell dressmaking ~"~~
and millinert school. •
Oldest and most reliable school on ths coast. '
Leading system of dresscuttlng. Thorough
course in millinery: refs. Patterns cut, 1019 .
Market St., above Sixth.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew- >
art's button and buttonhole factory.110 Taylor. •
EBUCATXONAI-,
A — THE' Lyceum, an accredited preparatory ■!
I school for university, law and medical ci i-
leges, begins its twelfth year. We shall do ,
better work than before, and give general us
well as special courses. Our departments in I ]
English literature, languages, mathematics,
sciences, history, etc., are ex?eU«u. Two
of thq best teachers In CallforVa are in
charge of English and cf mathematics. Com a
and be with us, we prepare you well. Refs. ;
Pres. Jordan or any Stanford professor. Day -
and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
CLASSES In short story writing and Journal-
ism will be formed on January 3. 4 ar.d 5 at
' 2 p. m., at 333 Phelan bldg.; tetins very rea-
sonable; join these classes; thi instruction la ■
excellent; rapid progress assured.
E. R. AYRES. founder of Ayres Business Col- •
lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing; (5 month; life scholarship
$50; positions) secured; day, eve. 723 Market.
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
institution devoted exclusively to dramatic '
learning in America; positions guaranteed.
Send for catalogue. Native Sons' building.
HEALD'S School cf Mines and Engineering, 24
Post st., S. F.; civil, mining, electrical, steam
and gas engineering. Send for prospectus.
A SUCCESSFUL college; new. large rooms;
perfect light: all graduates are getting posi-
tions. S. F. Business College. 73S Mission st.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mln.. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1804. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st.
Established 1803; largest In the West; an-
nual enrollment 1000; send for circulars. -
ALL Eng. and com. branches, $5 mo.; 47 les-
sons Benn . Pitman shorthand hold any posi-
tion: Indiv. instruc. West. Bus.Col.,12&l Mkt.
BOOKKEEPING, Ensr., Math., etc. day and
eve.; individual Jnstr. 305 Larkln st. Prof.
T.' A. Robinson, former pres. Pac Bus. Col.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col., 602 Van Ness
ave.; positions secured. R. H. Webster. Pres.
A-OALLAOHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEOE. 13¥2 Market it. Send for catalogue.
PRIVATE lessons In telegraphy; rapid success
I assured to students. 216 Scctt St.. nr. Haight.
SPANISH, clnssss and private; fifth successful
ytar of teaching. PROF. MAYA. 427 Sutter.
KENT Law School; nay and nijht; fourteenth
year*, catalogue free. 536 Parrott bldg.
BOOKKEEPING^ — Save time, gain knowledge,
with TARR, expert, 217 Parrott building.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano. (3 per month;
vocal lessons $1. 82S Halght st.
CHICAGO Business College, 13S4 Market — Posi-
tions, shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; %S mo.
ADULT and Juvenile classes now open. Hln-
man's School of Dancing. 1412 Polk, nr. CaL
SHORTHAND taught thor'ly by mall and per^
sonally. Miss M. G. Barrett. 302 Montgom'y.
SCHOOL. OF ILLUSTRATION - Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine St.— Night class.
EMPLOYMENT OPTICT-.S.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment office
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
S. IMURA. 839 Sacramento. Tel. James 5231.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell st. : tel. Main 5752.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51 S3.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1097. BRADLET & CO.; 640 Clay.
. EMPIiOTMEHT WANTED-— ~"MAIiE.
A — ACCOUNTANT, young lady, expert book-
keeper, desires position as private secretary;
can take full charge ot correspondence and
accounts. Box 3879, Call office.
WOMAN wants work by the day. Bex C9tH.
Call office.
A PROTESTANT woman wants work • by the
day; is a good laundress; fl and car fare.
Box 3962. Call of floe.
WOMAN ar.d grown son want work together
in mining cr logging camp. Address I. at.,
box 2035, Call office.
I EanrXO~a_~~T ~AHT£D — gemals— Coa
I HOUSEKEEPER wants a position. Box 2359,
Call office. r
j T7OMAN wants housework. 9 Verona at,
WANTED — A position as dressmaker. Box
S954. Call office. •
WANTED — Bookkeeper wants position. Box
3051, Call office.
LADT wishes position cf any kind by the day
j or week. 715 Howard st. r .
WANTED 1 — Position as saleslady; best of refer-
ences. Box 3032. Call office. ,
DRESSMAKER, experienced, would like a few
more engagements' by the day: good cutter
and fitter; terms reasonable. Box 3071. Call.
WANTED— Position as nurse in private fami-
lles. 1C5 Russ st.
WANTED— A position as housekeeper for
small family; no objection to country. Box
3967, Call office.
SITUATION as housekeeper. 815 Golden Gate
ave. i ; |
: YOUNG jrlrl wants light housework. Box 3363,
Call office.
PLAIN sewing. 783 Stevenson st.
POSITION as saleslady. Box 8000. Call of.c«.
WANTED — Sewing . at home by competent
dressmaker. 1318 Octavla st.
A WOMAN wants sweeping or cleaning. MR3.
K., SOAfr Mission st.
SITUATION wanted for kitchen work. MT13.
SANDOW, 112 William St.. rear.
LADY wishes to do fancy work at horns.
Address box 3047. Call office.
WANTED— Position as stenographer. Box
8933. Call office.
PLAIN sewing wanted. 414 Webster st.
WOMAN would Ilka washing and houseoleaa-
Ing by the day. 7C8 Bryant at.
SKIRT maker wants position; bast et ntaw
ences. Box S94O. Call office.
WOMAN wishes to taka car» ot small cMM.
1415 Sixteenth st.
A GIRL wishes to assist In light house— ark;
American family. Box^OlO. CaU offloa.
A LADY wishes a position as houaeksepev.
115 tt Harriet st.
A NEAT young lady wishes position ta bakery.
Call or address 167 Clara at.
A HTRONO woman wants houss and wtadfl—
cleaning by day. Address 711 Webster st.
STENOGRAPHER wants position. Box 3313,
Call office.
WOMAN from country wants position to 4o
general housework. Box 8970, CaU offlc*.
HAIRDRESSER wishes work. 419 Tshaaa,
street.
DRESSMAKER wants work, H B0 dayl 13SS
Howard st.
A GOOD young woman wants to assist general
Sunday cr eve at dinner parties. 711 Webster.
A RELIABLE: woman for plain washing at
home; best of references. Residescs 213
Shipley st.
YOUNG woman wants a placs; housework or
second wcrk; wages $15 to $20. 10 Wet-Mr*
St., near Powell, off Washington.
WAITRESS wants position, country. 1024
Golden Gate ave.
HEAD starchw wants position, experienced.
Address box 2031. Call office.
QUICK and Intelligent young lady wishes posi-
tion In office; no stenographer; writes excel-
lent business hand. Please call or address,
stating terras. SSI 1 * Greenwich st.
WANTED — Home dressmaking at 1620 Castro
street.
WANTED — Position to do general housework.
Address 202 Clay st.
A LADY will work afternoons. 60o; dress-
making or seamstress. Address box 2011.
Call office.
POSITION as saleswoman. 254 Leavenworth
street.
WOMAN wishes housework by the day or
nursing. 735 Brannan st.
COMPETENT German woman wishes work by
the " day; washing, ironing and cleaning;
SI 50 a day. Address 3922. Call office.
A GIRL wants a placs to mind babies. 017
Natoma st.
A WOMAN wants housework; city or country.
Call at 365 Minna st.
A WOMAN wants work by the day. washing
and housecleaning. Address box 3SS0, CaU.
A YOUNG lady desires a position as sten-
ographer. Box SSS7. Call.
LACB curtains dona up at short notice. Box
3294. Call.
ARTISTIC dressmaker would like engagements
by the day; $1 50; dresses altered; perfect fit
guaranteed. Box 3917. Call.
WANTED by competent woman, work of any
kind for the holidays. Call 143 Third st.
POSITION as nurse; reference. Box 500-. Csll
office.
MOTHER and daughter desire chamber— ork a
few hours a day. Address 67 Clara st.
WANTED — Position cleaning hoos* by tha day.
Inquire at 656B Jessie st.
PLAIN sewtng done. 153 Teharaa at.
WOMAN wants work by ths day. cooking and
cleaning; wages |1 60 and car£ar«. Box 8833,
Call offlc*. '
RESPECTABLE woman wants to assist at
children's parties during holidays; rsfsrsaoas
good. Box 2061, Call.
POSITION as nurse. 3750 Tw«nty-t_JM sC -
LADY would Ilka engagements mj-ngt-ng ja
church. 305 Larkln at., box 6a
TOUNO lady wants position as lady's mMii.
Apply 1408 Mason st.
WOMAN wants work by day. Apply 1887 _£a-
son st.
WOMAN would irka a tww places to g» «et
half day washing. 3273 Harrison at.
FIKST-CLASS cook wants «it*_atton; best wx%
erences. Box 2C03. Call offics.
SCIENTIFIC massagA by a graAnat* of t_« I,
Weir Mitchell method; sprains, fraota— • tM
dislocations a specialty; rafere neaa U dastnd*
Box 3sSS. Call office. ~J
WOMAN wants* xnendlnr to da by t_w 4ay,
2070 Bryant st.
WOMAN wants to do plain sewta* _y t_*
day. Box 310. Call offlta,
A LADY wishes position as h— .s»_t«p_r. Box
S914. Call offlco.
WOMAN wishes to tiki In sewtng toy __• teg?
•terms reasonable Box 2022. CaU ot2os.
A MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes to tak* «n «C
Invalid. Address 729 Pin* st. .' -
A MIDDLE- AGED woman wants wort by tb*
day sewtng at borne; fl SO. CaU 9:30 «t
11:20, 359 Tehama st.
A TOUNO woman wants work ta stationary
store. Apply 277 Howard st.
A TOUNG woman wants work by t_« day,
washing. Ironing or hovMwork. Addrass)
456 Bryant at.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman far light bwil
work. Address box 2033. CalL
POSITION by experienced chaxab«-_j_ldi nist*
ences If wanted. Box 3934, Call.
A TOUNO lady would like position ta p_y*«-
dan's office. Box S372. Call.
SITUATION wanted by experienced cook. A_-
dress M. J.. box 3803. Call.
LADY wishes charge of children vrsnlngs, «to.
175 Sixth st.
WAITRESS wants work. _0» Minna it.
TOUNO lady wants position as copyist. Box
3882. Call.
SWEDISH woman, first-class Iaundre«s and
housecleaner, wishes work by day. 90S Fol-
som st.
PLAIN sewing by th« 4a?{ $_, _CR3. CORY.
IGuC Market st.
WOMAN wishes to da plain cooklag. 1433
Fifteenth at.
SITUATION wanted as cashier! 1139 Bhot-
well st.
WANTED — Position in a choir: an experienced
singer. Address 637 Howard st.
EXPERIENCED girl wishes position In candy
store. Box 3795. Call.
GERMAN woman, first-class cook, wants to
work for parties; best of references. Box
3797. Call. '
YOUNG girl wishes to work as second giri tn
hotel. 413 Bryant st.
DRESSMAKER wishes work. 913 Howard st.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker and deslmer;
suits and evening gowns; advanca styles;
91 50 per day. 1234 California st.
WANTED — By a neat, competent young wo-
man, a situation to do housework and cook-
Ing. Box 3S37. Call offlc*._ -gP-OT—XITT WAgTBP Temale— Con
Is*URS_GIR_ wanta situation to t°V+ care ci
I— hr. Bcx 6776, Call otflce.
TPOMAN wants poeJUoa to do housework. _p-
ply 544 Xatcana set
.•W7Qa_ — J wants -work by day. 8 E— vcr st.
WOMAN «a_is work by tha day, cleaning or
•_ wtjthing. Ul _:inna. gt
A VTOIIAX wants work by th* day. washing,
Ira— ng; $1 &Q a_a car fare. Box SS35, CalL j
W_XT3_> — Cooking or housework by the day.
•Ajply 0*6 Geary st
: A COOK with first-class r_erenc« wants sit-
uation; Is good —undrema; would go by the
cty 1QS4 lioward «_, M. H.
.STENOGRAPHER, wants position. Box SS3S.
• Cail *_lce.
A GOOD cock -rtj_es a pc— tlon to oook for
mea on ranch. Bcx SbO4. Call offlca,
WAJCTJ_) — Plain Cress—taking by day. Box
•^ £376. Call o— ica»
WANTED— A position aa stenographer; refer-
*nce given, Accr*_ box S7US. r-»n offloa.
V.O— _X wants work cf any kind by day.
ITTSA -anna st.
TTA-VT— D- -Work fcy ths dayj good ws__«r and
cleaner. 2*1 M<-m», st. first floor.
A TOCXXJ Ufly wants position as c_ lector;
good r_aranc— . Addrees box 8&0S, t>11,
_X3»__ __CC_D _ its* in cc_ lnen_nt wants
ces*. _ J— . BEL. L. SIS TeU st.
Vt'OM AN w— its work by ths day, waahl ng cr
hou»e_«— j ing, f 1 bO and oex rare, _ US. •
OSGOOD, 1_) Hayes st
A TOtCXG woman wia_ ss a poslUoa as work-
ing h536«— >ep«r: kind to children. Address
box SS54, r*»n y.*ftf*.
r_ A— S sewing w—iua. 202 day st.
FIP_ST-C— _SS dress— a ki ng don* at Mm*, de j
la r.oche L— —best's, 1113 Sutter st, near .
Larkln; lady's o*vrn s_teri_ made up from .
»3 Uj.
A TOU7CQ »u:m.-i wants a plac* to do house-
■work; c!ty or short distance in country.
Call cr address iUSS WALLACE, room 20,
1—6 ___an et
COilPETEXT rtenogranher wishes position
with a law grm. Bcx S3S8. Call effloa.
POSmOT? as cairtdsr. Box S640. Call offloe.
I "WOTJ— D Ilk* a few more patients to nurs*
during ccnSnessent; terras reasonable; good
references. Address box S606, Call office.
■VTA-VTED^ — A" positlcn as seamstress, MRS. :
A. VOLTZ, 1411 Montgo— ery «t . j
P. TJ .TABLE, competent wr_ an wants position !
— care for an office. ■ Bcx 3S11, Call office.
_ COM PETENT wcir-tn wants situation as I
housekeeper. App'-y at 1045 Folsom Et., room I
19, MBS. OTCEAL., :
TTOM AX wants to do housework. B21 Jessie
street.
A GOOD oook desires work in institution; will \
4o kitchen work. Address box 57 V 3, Call, j
_TDI>L_-_GED competent wem an wants posi- >
tioc; is a good plain cock. 1302 Powell Et.,
rocra 19.
WANTED— A poeJtion as housekeeper in a
hotel ir. city. Adiress box S773, Call offlce.
JPLACE by firrt-class woman as chambermaid; j
• country preferred. Box SS30, Call offlce.
PLAIN Eewing by the day. Box 3S29. Call :
cfSce.
WORK by the day. Adfiress bcx SS2S. Call I
efflce.
- i
POSITION wanted as chambermaid. Address j
- 2il Third st
WOMAN wants laundry wcrk by the day. Ad- {
dress O'jli Howard st. ;
■ i
WOMAN war.ts work by the day. " Address !
t.CS Howard et.
LAP!' wishes to take In sewir.g by the day; j
terms reasonable.. Bcx 3t>02. Call office.
—sVDT crs_ti position as maid. Box 3S7C, j
Call office.
YOUNG lady wishes roeltion as cashier in a ',
small store. K n 3784, C— 1 offlce. ',
EEAS1STRESS wishes engagements; fl 50 a •
»iay. 07 Richmond ave.; phone Capp 2856.
A COMPCTENT woman desires housework in \
a -ma!l family; city or country; references, j
Bux 3601. Call office. j
Bi' American woman, situation as housekeep- !
er; country preferred. Mrs. L., 192S Market. :
A COMPETENT" la<iy with girl 7 years wishes i
position Jan. 1 ajt nurse, caretaker or hous«- j
kteper; good references; Los Angeles County 1
I referred. Address H. E. W., box 3634,
C—l cff.ce.
A YOUNG girl would Jike to learn a trade. ;
77 Clementina Et
WAUT— D — A position es nurce; best of refer- :
enc**. Address 12-Jl Ellis st.
, — _ , ,
WOMAN wishes work by the day, housedean- i
lr.g. Address box 3616, Call offlce. j
• r I
WANTED — Dressmaking by the day; fl a day '■
and car fare. Address 735 Filbert St., >Oak- !
land.
STENOGRAPHER — Your.* lady; few months' j
*-xr«erier.ce; salary no object to etart Box
BBSS. Call office.
STENOGRAPHER — Young- lady: 3 years' ex- !
perienc* law and commercial work. Box >
S608, Call offlce.
TOUN'O lady stenographer; fast, accurate and j
responsible; 4 years' experience; fin* refer- j
ences; salary not less than $55; satisfaction !
Bj-rurefl: Remlngtcn machine. Box S007.
Ca'.l office. j
CETRMA-C woman wants to go out w_ ihing,
lr»aingr and hocseclear— lg by th* day. I
Pleas* call 2S0 Harriet st, in rear.
T.'ANTED — Gents' washing by competent per-
sr>r.; work called for. S275 Harrison ft
GERMAN ledy wants plain sewing. Box 3C23.
Ca'.l office. • --.-: y
WANTED— By a lady, light washing. 8275
Harrison st , _
YOUNG lady wishes pesition as cashier; res- J
taurant preferred. 4039 Church st j
A WOMAN highly recommended, a gsod work-
er, desire* washing or hous»clean!ng. Ad-
Crpss box SC36, Call offlce.
HOl'SEKEirPER'S place wanted by reliable. '
*zrer!'nced girl; good cook; good worker; 1
no answer unless fare. Box S637, Call. ;
A Tl'OMAN wants work by the day. Call 115
' Cara st
EXPERIENCED dressmaker wishes a few
more calls by the <ia:0 Box 3C27. Call.
TOUT«O lady, experienced in office ■work,
wishes petition by the first of year. Ad- j
- dress box ZCZ% Call office.
A GOOD chamberm— d wants work; city or
•.country. Box 3C3S. CaJI office.
COMPETENT dressmaker wishes work; will
fro out by day; charges reasonable. Address
. VJ3 Liberty «t
B1TUATION wanted es nursegirl. Address
box 2G06. Call office. . ; -O
A NEAT worker wants light housework by the
day. Address box 37CS. Call offlce. r J-^t
A GOOD seamstress want* sewing by the day.
Adiress box S7C7 Call offlce.
■ LADY to do sewing by the day. Box 3763,
Call offlce.
A CAPABLE woman wishes a steady place for
• Turnd&y, vajshlng; won't go out far. Call
. 145 Twelfth St.. room 8.
EXPERIENCED stenographer nkdy> desires
"position; competent Address box 2S93, Call.
YOUNG woman with a child wants position In
. «m— 1 family. Box 1709. Call offlce.
AN honeet young woman wants to atsirt gen-
Ta! !y at parties, etc. evenlag or Sunday.
• 711 Webster «t
■.
WOMAN wants to do sewing. C25 Folsom et
YOUNG lady would like light office work.
Box 3S59, Call offlce.
_XPniUENCED dreas— aker would like a few
more engagements in families; $1 bo day,
car fare. Call or writ* MRS. DE BARR, 435
Fourth st.
EEAMSTRESS wishes work. Cell box 3374
Call offic*.
BY young lady of refinement and ability, posi-
tion as traveling companion and secretary to
invalid, cr as traveling saleswoman. Box
5997. Call office.
T>RESe_ AKER, ladles' tailor on suits and
coats, eveninr gowns: first-class work don*;
rood cutter and fitter: engagements per day;
' fits guaranteed. MISS BARSS. Sherman
llouae, 28 Eighth st. ■
FIP.ST-CLAES American woman, out of means,
wants to go In good steady home; wash-
dishes cr other light work: is a good plain
nock; carfare, $2 50 week. Address 103%
Third- st, room 23, first flight
gggOyMEHT? XyAITT-O— gemtJe-Oon
A p 1^e Y p_|e e '7D^lf hln * h ° m ' 1 **** "* 4ry *
Jk __nS3SP^ NTS - • ub «rtP««»- received at.
_«~ai i —ranch office. cor.Duncan and Church sts.
W cfii7 > «t a^L» aO( ? ■« t *cr_aons taken for Th*
Call at Eaton' a Baxaar. 633 McAllister st
SMP_QTai__T WAHTSD iwar.-R
PLUMBER wants Job. 209 Natoma, *,
SC^R??-^??J-; im - Portion; references. J. C.
GREENFIELD, 2C23 Paciflo aveT^ A.^
d W K lln 5_ youn * man wanU Posl"«m
Cair^rn^ bookke «P er - Address box 8949.
A B^x r 59ik g cSi 1^™ rk to t **~™^Z
jWi otfgr 111011 ** crT » a(i *»*• *«
!^^g^_s_;g T>iraOT - B - T -
AMERICAN (SO) wants Job aa w_4___T;
city cr coantry. Box 8948. Call office.
P "ofnc* EB "*— lU -Position. Box 8930, Can
P « T^_? Ea W ~ lts BtMuly W0Tk - 830 Folsom
B Hydi = rti >=a ** ntJI POtlUon ' <»«atry. 203
DRIVER wants altnatlon. 410 Eleventh st
A vT OU V° boy *l*he» a position as errand
boy. Inquire for R. _.. 1C32 Folsom st
ERRAND boy wants position. 1419 Soott st
C t RI^^ I V* 1(Serlr ' wantt work ! flashing
S-TSS _g c^try; .reasonable pay.
BOY wants work. 21 Ninth st
DRIVER wants Job. 1208 Harrison st
STENOGRAPHER wants situation! Box 8960.
<~-ali office. .
RELIABLE, sober man wants work as stable-
T^? cr teainB l er : cltT cr country; references.
Address box 3942. Call offlce.
BARBER wants position In country. 11 Grant
ave.. Burbank.
WANTED — Position as coachman. Box 8963
Call office. '
A YOUNG man wants position as clerk In
Hardware store; reference given. Box 3960,
Call offlce.
STENOGRAPHER desires position, city or
country. Box 2038. Call offlce.
BA JHF5- wants «*ort-hour Job. Address box
2035. Call offlce. '
» i
WAXTED— Position as cash boy. 105 Russ '
street ~ j
ELECTRICIAN'S apprentice wants position, j
HERBERT MAYER. 2415- Pacific ave. j
A MAX who knows his business wants a posi-
tion as stage painter. Address Painter, 711
Grafton ave, !
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker wants position. Box
3929. CaJI offlce.
GENERAL machinist wanta position. Box'
C930. Call offlce.
PAINTER wishes position. 646 Minna st
TAILOR wants Job. 117'Ellis st
BOY withes position in wholesale house. Box
3972. Call offlce.
PAINTING, parer-hanglng and tinting by a
flrht-class mechanic with tools. 36 Mary st.
A COOK wishes situation in lunch and coffee
house. Box 2016. Call offlce.
A SITUATION as a. watchman. JOHN
YOUNG. 112 Greenwich st-
JAPANESE bey wants Job in private family.
Box 2013. Call offlce. j
WANTED — A position as salesman in whole-
gale liquor hcuse. Bcx 2047. Call offlce. •
CARPENTER— Small contracts, etc! Box
_2025. Call office. j
CARPENTER— Repairs, general Jobbing; best ;
tervice. Box 20C8. Call offlce. !
BOY wants a Job as a cash. boy. Box 2C58, i
Call offlce.
A BOY wants to learn printing business. Box
2043. Call crflce.
SITUATION by flrst-class cook. 22 First st.
SITUATION as carpenter's helper, non-union. '
1373 Mission et.
WANTED — Situation as assistant bookkeeper i
<T bookkeeper for email concern. Addrees ■
bcx :J9S7. Call offlce. • ]
BOY wants Job as cash boy. Box 3956, Call !
offlce. |
MIDDLE-AGED man desires a position as I
watchman; references. Address box 392S, Call
MAN wants place as helper In restaurant Ad-
dress box 3927, Call offlce.
YOUNG man. experienced In the grocery and
ll.-iuor bjisineFs. wants position. 151 Silver St.
PLUMBER wants position. g! MATTHAI,
nitilB Twenty-fourth st .
TAILOR wants Job. 762 Market st
SITUATION wanted as packer in wholesale
house. Apply to 221 Sanchez st.
POSITION as Job carpentor. CLARK. 671
Harrison st. I
COMPETENT dishwasher wants , permanent
position. Apply 222 Mason st
EXPERIENCED salesman or collector, can sell I
anything, wishes position; bond and refer- I
enoes. Box 3935, Call offlce. j
BOOKKEEPER wants position; best of refer-
ences. Bcx 3939. Call offlce.
■WANTED — Man wants position in drug house.
Address box 3943. Call office,
BOY would like position to help plumber; ex-
perienced. .437 Duboce ave.
WANTED— Job as porter. G. H. RICHARDS,
1361 Forty-seventh ave.
HOUSEMAN In hotel or lodging house. T. W.
DAY. 600 Bush st.
BARBER wants position in country. Address
box 2059, Call office. i
FURNITURE teamster wishes a place to
drive. Address 122 Bluxome et
WANTED — Position as watchman; references.
Box 2053. Call offlce. . ,i
POSITION wanted as a barber." 89 Third st.
BARTENDER wants Job. 910 Market «t
WANTED— A position as cash boy. Address
box 2032, Call offlce.
BOY would like position In drug store. Ap- j
ply box 2046, Call offlce. j
WANTED — Position as bollermaker; Union I
Iron Works. Box 8976, Call office.
GENTLEMAN wishes position as watchman. I
Box 3975, Call office. ,
YOUNG man wants position as stock boy. Box
3973. Call office. ■
BARKEEPER wants place. 750 Market st
YOUNG man would like to learn carpenter
trade. E. J. BENNETT, 10C5 Minna st.
A STRONG boy. would like work at carpenter
trade. Address C. GILSON. 134 Erie St.
BARBER wants ehort-hcur place. Call 1103 j
Howard st. •
DRAUGHTSMAN would like additional work i
for evenings either patent offlce or mechani-
cal drawing. Box 3919. Call offlce.
GROCERY clerk, flrst-class offlce and counter
man, wants work; bond and references.
'Box 2017, "Call offlc*. . ■■ - *
EXPERIENCED car repairer would like Job.
Call 253 Fell st ;
TEAMSTER wants position; best of references.
1112 Bush Bt ,
YOUNO man. experienced In care of trotters,
runners' and fine carriage horsesi (has served
In a British cavalry regiment), seeks em-
ployment ofanjldnd^_JBox3J>20 ; _Call.
YOUVO man wishes position to do work after
school hours. Address box 3921. Call offlce.
COOK wishes a situation, either In city or
country. Addreta 621 Eansome at
COACHMAN wants position. 1318A Minna
street . __« '
EXPERIENCED coatmaker wants position.
MAX ABRAHAMS. 916 Larkln at.
A YOUNG man wants position as butler.
Apply S56 Harrison Bt .. t
SITUATION wanted by Japanese flrst-class
butler: experienced; has good references.
Address GOTO. 407 Post st. city.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL 1 , SUNDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1904.
-Ba»_0TM_yT WAKT_P--Mal»— Con. I
CARPENTER wanta repairing,' rough or Job
•work; modwat* wages. Box 8926, Can office.
MECHANICAL draughtsman. 18 years' ex-
perience, mining, stationery factories, power
plants. wanU work at home. Box 3825, Call.
YOUNG man wishes & position driving a
has had experience In that line.
GEO. FRANX_IN. 104 Eleventh st.
A YOUNG German, 6 years In this country,
wlshea position in hotel or saloon; likes any
work. Address box 8S85. Call offic*.
ENERGETIC young man desires position eut-
sido a F.; Al re/erenow. M. K., C33 N'a-
toma st
WANTED^ — A place aa coaonman by a German
with city references. Address J. W.. 1685
__Bush st
DRUGGIST, registered, competent temperate,
desires position as manager in enterprising
pharmacy; is good ad writer, window dress- .
er. Address box 8*90, Call offloa,
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper and cashier de-
sires a position: good bond and reference i
Clven. Box 3889, Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS chef wishe* position; restaurant
or cafe. Box 3913. Call ©fflc*.
WANTED— A position aa oiler in a power- •
house; city. Addreas box 2018. Cui 1 offloa.
WANTED— By young man with 10 years' ex- .
perienc* as steward of steamers, a position -
of any kind; flrst-olass references. Apply
D. J. P.. 744 Howard st ;
ELEVATOR boy wants position; strong and
willing. Box 3901. Call office.
SITUATION aa porter. Box 8900. Call offloe.
POSITION as traveling salesman; hardware
rref erred; 10 years' experience. Box 8899. '
Call offlc*.
FIREMAN wants situation. MART—*! 21
Minna st'
PAINTER wants work. 89 Eighth st
PAPER hanger wants work. 89 Eighth st
POSITION wanted as flrst-class shoemaker.
repair shop or factory. Apply 163 Perry st.
SITUATION wanted as porter for wholesale
house; best of references. Apply 22 First st.
GENTLEMAN, 21 years with same house,
wants position as traveling companion to in-
valld or aged. Address box 2045. Call.
REGISTERED druggist wants work in retail i
store. Box 3010. Call.
BOY. 15 years old. wants work In wholesale ; '
house. Box 3918. Call.
WANTED — Position as porter In wholesale
house. Box 2023. Call.
GENTLEMAN would like to get some harl .
work to do few hours a day. Box 2020. Call. ,
COLLECTING done; references and bond fur-
nlshed. Box 2056. Call. '
WAITER wanta position. 2621 Geary st.
MAN wants position to run errands. Address
mail to 704 Fell st.
POSITION as offlce boy. Address mall to 704
Fell st. . i
WANTED — Position as watchman. Address
3777 Twenty-third st.
BOILERMAKER wishes steady Work; first
class. Address 2737 Twenty-third et.
SALESMAN, collector, well acquainted In city,
wirhes steady position from 2d of next year.
Box 3891. Call.
YOUNG boy likes work in butcher shop. Box
3012. Call offlce.
MAN wishes position as teamster in country.
Box 3915. Call.
BOY wants work after school. 645V6 Steven-
eon st. " ,
BOOKKEEPER wants a set of books for even- |
Ings; reliable; references. Box 3982, Call.
BOY would like position In wholesale house.
Box 2009. Call offlce.
WANTED — By young married man, any kind '
of work In the city. Box 3079. Call offlce. j
BOY wishes to learn plumber's trade. Box
390C, Call offlce.
PRINTING solicitor with experience wants slt-
uatiou. Box 8906. Call offlce.
COLLECTOR, hustler, any kind of bills, wants
work: bond; references. Box 3907, Call.
YOUNG man wants position to learn butcher •
business. Address 716 Fell st.
POSITION as assistant collector. Box 3911, .
Call offlce.
BOY wants to Harn printing trade. Box 3910, I
Call office.'
COACHMAN and gardener wishes position; j
useful; good references. Box 5300, Call. i •
BY hardware man; can manage any or all I
branches of hardware and plumbing supplies; | .
best city references. Box S908, Call offlce.
YOUNG man wants position In wholesale ,
house. Address 714A Fell st.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants position as sales-
man, clothing. Box 3892. Call.
YOUNG man wants position as salesman. 409 '
Pine »t.
YOUNG man wants position aa collector In
bank; no objection to leaving town. Box
SS9C Call.
WANTED— Position as cigar clerk. 1406 Fol-
som st., room 32.
MACHINIST wishes position. 654 Minna st. :
PAINTER wishes position. 848 Mission st.
SHEET-METAL worker desires steady posi- ,
tlon. Box 3897. Call. ,
WOULD like work aa porter. ; Apply 744 How- '
ard st. ' '
A GOOD bedmaker. familiar with the renting ■
of rooms, wants a situation. Address box
3902. Call offlce.
WANTED — Position as pantryman; union. Box
8S95. Call offlce.
GROCERY clerk wants situation. Apply box
3867. .Call office.
YOUNG man wishes to run errands during
holidays. 1415 Sixteenth ave., upstairs.
MAN wishes to work around large -ranch in
country. 1409 York st
ERRAND boy wants Job. 812 Webster it.
BRICKLAYER wants work; competent man; i
city or country. Box 3868, Call offlce. j
YOUNG man would like Job as teamster. ' ;
G18 Mission st. j J
POSITION as teamster. 16 Rlnggold st 1
SITUATION wanted as mlllhand. Box 386S, -
Call offlce. ]
WANTED — Position as porter. 108 Russ st. (
YOUNG man wishes a situation. 615 Green ■
street. ]
BUTCHER for shop and wagon. Box 3790, ■
Call offlce.
BAKER and' pastry § cook, or all around oook,
wants T»ork; young man; active. B., box ]
3791. Call office.
PAINTER wants work. Apply at 196 Shipley
street.
DREDGERMAN wants position on clamshell .
machine: good blacksmith; can take full '
char?e. Box 3794, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED man desires position as por- ;
ter. Janitor or hotel work; references. Box
3796, Call.
SITUATION' as stationary engineer. Apply at
263 Third St., rocm 23.
YOUNG man wishes to work around large
hotel. 219 Vi Clinton st -
JAPANESE high school student wants a post- '
tlon; understands cooking . arid housework.
706 Howard st, T. IMAI.
YOUNG man wishes position as rubber In for
cralner. 117 GeVmanla ave.
DISHWASHER wants position! Box 8880,
Call offlce. - •. .
BOY wants position as cash boy. Box 3774 '
Call offlce. ;'. >,-.„-' "
BARTENDER wishes a position. Address box ■
3803, Call offlce. " .
ELECTRICAL draughtsman wanta position; ',
references. Box 3777, Call office.
WANTED — A position as barkeeper for Sun- •
day. M. WEIMAR. 771 Howard st
WANTED — A position as cake baker. Apply ■
at S03 Union st. ... .: :
A BOY wants to run errands. Box 8803, CalL '
YOUNG man wants work of any kind from 10
to 4 p. m. Box 3881. Call offlce. z. > !
WANTED— A position as barkeeper. Box
3S52. Call offlce. /
WANTED — A Job as an errand boy. Box 8903.
Call offlce.
POSITION wanted as millwright. CHRIST '
ANDESEN. 600 Howard . st
WANTED— Position as bartender. JOHN B. '
CLARKE, ; 1120 Mission et.
EMPIiOxT-Banr WAinrSP— Male— Con.
A BOB— R, reliable man would like one or
more office* to keep clean. Address J. &..
IS Jansen st,
WANTEI> — Position aa porter; good reference.
COLLINS, 162 Second st .
WANTED— By sober, reliable, trustworthy,
honest man, with good moral habits and
■ references; position as bartender; loos; ex-
perience; no object as to salary, want steady
work. Box 2210. Call offlce.
A SCANDINAVIAN man and wife want any
kind of work, single or together, but no
cooking; small wages. Box 8831. Call offloe.
FRENCH couple" both flrst-class cook* desire
position In family, club or hotel; city or
country; references. CHAS. S, 11 Hopeton
terrace. ,
HONEST boy, 16 years of age, wishes position
as offlce boy. Box 2136. Call offlce.
DRIVER, wants Job. 221 Union, st
TRAVELING salesman wishes position; excel-
lent references. Box 2044, Call offlce.
HUSTLING agent "wishes position; best of ref-
erences. Box 2042, Call offlc*.
BOY wants Job in hardware store. W.. box
99. Call offlce.
WANTED— A position as stationary fireman.
Box 66, Call office.
A GOOD varnisher and polisher In pianos,
mahogany, antique and weathered oak furnl-
: ture, wants work by contract; small Jobs
taken reasonable. Box 3S53, Call offlce.
CHINESE cook wants place In family; good
references. 820 Sacramento st, room 2.
JAPANESE} oook wants position In small fam-
ily; wagas $30. 640 Pine st
A FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook wants position
In family. LEE. 714 Washington st
A NICE and young Chinese cook wlshea a posi-
tion in family. 1228 Stockton st.
JAPANESE boy wants position at any kind of
work; afternoons; city; has best recommenda-
tions; speaks well. K. N., 1276 Van Ness a>.
FIRST-CLASS Chinese competent cook wants
position; private place. W. C, 1110 Stockto\.
CHINESE first- class cook wants place in
boarding-house, hotel and restaurant. 832
Washington st. •
STRONG boy wants situation in factory. 1421%
Powell st.
BOY wants situation as cash boy In storv.
323 Montgomery ave.
SITUATION wanted as clothing salesman by
competent man. Address B, box 2211, Call.
AN old man wants place to do light work at
small wages; general handy all-round man;
flrst-claEs references. Box 3S07, Call offlca.
ENGINEER wishes employment; reliable man;
references. Box 8S10, Call offlce.
CARPENTER wishes steady work. 2241 Flf-
teenth st.
COMPETENT and reliable bookkeeper of ex-
perience would like to hear of a vacancy by
the first of- January; satisfactory reasons for
changing. Box 3S10, Call offlce.
WANTED— Job as cash boy. Box 3818, Call
office.
EXPERIENCED clerk wants situation. Box
38-0, Call offlce.
CHEMICAL foreman wants position; expert on
acid, alkali and tar work. Box 3819, Call.
YOUNG man wants a position as porter. Box
3822, Call offlce.
SITUATION wanted by a cook. AL NAUDE,
1025 Powell st. • ,.
YOUNG man desires' position as clerk or col-
lector. Box 3S21,- Call office.
POSITION as stock clerk. 913 Valencia st
WANTKD — Position as waiter In camp. W.
BARTINE, "744 Howard st
RELIABLE, trustworthy man wishes a posi-
tion as collector; references, security and
salarv to employer's satisfaction. Box 3827,
Call offlce.
SWEDE, ■'!!, wishes work on poultry or fruit
farm; speaks English. Box 3S01, Call offlce.
A BOY wants to do work after school, hours.
Bcx 3S39. Call offlce.
A TRUSTWORTHY man wants night work;
clerical or otherwise. Box 3S49, Call offlce.
A JOBBING' plumber '-would 'like work: 'Box '
3&11, Call offlce. !
POSITION wanted as a barber. Box 3846, Call
offlce.
POSITION wanted as a bootblack. Box 3842,
Call office.
BAKERY boy. IS years old, wants a position
as confectioner in a bakery shop. Box 3S47,
Call offlce.
WANTED — A position as a clerk. Box 3S50,
Call office.
PAINTER and gralner wants work by day;
tools furnished; ref. Box 3833, Call offlce.
WANTED — Position as errand boy with chance i
to advance: refs. Box 3848. Call offlce.
MAN wants work as laborer. 23% Perry st.
ROUGH carpenter would like steady worts.
Box :J844, Call office.
GOOD finish carpenter would like steady wor*.
, Box 3843, Call offlce.
TEAMSTER wants position; best of references.
260 Third st.
AN experienced road salesman, traveling in
Pacific States for Eastern manufacturer,
wants a position with S. F. firm by Jan. 1.
Box 3684, Call office.
BOY wants position as errand boy. Box 3825,
Call offlce.
A SOBER young man would like position;
care of horses. 41C Hyde et.
PORTER wants situation. Box 3824, Call
office. ','.
BOY wants a Job in candy store. Bcx 3812,
Call office.
GERMAN (22) wants position of any kind:
typewriter; speaks . Spanish, French and
English. Box :>SM, Call offlce.
POSITION wanted as bartender! A. TRASK.
15 Third st.
RELIABLE man would like position as porter
in saloon. - 017 Howard st.
MARRIED man. sober and reliable, wants
. work on cattle range. Box 3624, Call.
CARPENTER'S helper wants repairing or new
work. Box 3023, Call.
POSITION as plumber. Address box 3836,
Call offlce.
WANTED — Position as stock keeper; best of
references. Box 3617, Call.
BOOKKEEPER wants situation; 15 years' ex-
perience. Box 3014. Call.
BRIGHT young man of 17 years wishes posi-
tion as stock clerk in wholesale house;, T)«ftt
of references. Box 3874. Call office; '
BOY would like position in meat market. Box
E613. Call office.
BAKER'S helper wants work in bakery, or
any kind of .work; gome experience cooking.
Box 3863. Call office.
YOUNG man wishes position to drive deliv-
ery. Address box 3864, Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS young porter wishes position;
city cr country. Addrese box 3865, Call offlce.
WANTED — Position as bookkeeper. Box 3875,
Call offlce.
BOY wants a Job as errand boy. Box 3873,
Call offlce. •
PORTER wants steady Job. Box 3789. r Call
. office: . " .
BELLBOY wishes place in commercial or pri-
vate hotel; best of references. Box 3787, Call.
BOY .would like position in wholesale house.
Box 378S, Call office.,',
MAN wants position in dry-goods store. Box
3783. Call offlce.
YOUNG man desires position as collector. Box
3783, Call offlce.
YOUNG ' man wishes. ' position In country as
stenographer. Box 3782, Call offlce. .....
STEADY employment in wholesale house at
$80 a month. Box 3772, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by stenographer of rail-
road experience; good reference.. Box 3771,
Call offlce. . „
STENOGRAPHER— Young man: commercial
experience; salary n o object to ' start Box
3G12. Call office... , . . " " *..*" i
WANTED— Situation j' as stationary engineer. '
263 Third -st, room 23.. •
WANTED— Position as upholsterer and carpet
layer, hotel. H. W., 320 Minna sf *
SMP— OT-— BBT WA-TTBP— Male— Con
STEADY married man as - watchman; good
reference*. W. P., 68B Cbnvera* st
EXPERIENCED miner wishes position with
eoma one in Goldfleld, N«v. Address box
8629y Call offlce. ■
A FIREMAN I oa oil wishes position In city
or country; best of references. Box 3858,
Call offlca, - _. ■
WAITER wants Job for Sunday. Address box
8603, Call offlc*.
YOUNG man wants position as porter. Box
8878. Call offlce.
COMPETENT engineer desires position • on
stationary engine. Address W. II., 631
Golden Gate ave.
A YOUNG man living with parents desires a
altuatlon; Is willing and faithful. Address
! F. O., 1835 Eddy st
EXPERIENCED ealesman wishes position:
oity preferred. Address box 3628. Call offloa.
A RELIABLE man would like situation a*
man about place or would take car* inva-
lid; references. Apply or address JOHN
BAKER. 958 Mission st.
PORTER wants a position. 234 Stevenson it
WANTED— -SI teat ion as watchman or any
place of trust. WATTS. 412 Broadway.
SITUATION ' wanted by flrst-class French
cook; sober; good references. Address 753
Bush st, rear house, for one week.
WANTED — A position as shipping clerk; ref-
erences. Box 3645, Call offlce.
YOUNG man and wife wish a situation In
country. Box 3042,' Call office. ,
WANTS position as offlce boy. Address mail
to 716 Fell st.
FIRST-CLASS Janitor wants situation; day
work. Box 3641, Call office.
WANT a position as candy maker. 827 Elev-
enth St.. Oakland.
WANTED — Position In wholesale house ao a
porter. Address or call 2245 Folsom st
BARBER wants short-hour Job. Address box
363, Call offlce.
POSITION as a collector. Address box 3633.
Call offlce.
CAKE baker, 2 years' experience, wants work.
Address box 8640, Call offlce.
AS attendant. In the near future, to invalid or
mental patient, by competent, reliable male
nurse and manseur; references. 3639, Call.
BOY wants position as errand boy. Address
box 3638, Call offlce.
SITUATION WANTED.
A flrat-cla«a offlce man desires position
which ability will mske permanent; have
had several years' experience In an executive
position with one of the largest firms In the
country; thoroughly acquainted with all
kinds of offlce detail and the handling of
men; good reasons for changing. Address
box 3957, Call offlce.
WANTED — Position by sober. Industrious and
trustworthy man as collector or some Job In
an offlce. work on books, etc.; willing to
work fcr'smail salary: to get in good house
and reliable firm Is my object, preferable
than high salary; will furnish bond or se-
curity If required and good references. Box
3945, Call offlce.
GERMAN, well experienced In wine and
liquors, wants work In v.'lne cellar or liquor
store; strictly sober and industrious: city or
country- H. S.. 1074 Howard st., room 3.
BARBER wants position; good workman: in
or near city. Box 118, Bsrkeley, Cal.
WANTED — Pcajticn by man from the East;
country rreferred. Box 3980, Call offlce.
BARTENDER,- married, age 24, wishes a po-
sition in the city. Box 3034. Call offlce.
A YOUNG man of 21. discharged soldier,
wishes position cf any kind. Bcx 2S93, Call.
YOUNG married man who understands col-
lecting-, has knowledge of general offlce and
clerical work, wishes pesition with firm with
chance of advancement; best of references
given. Address bcx ."036. Call offlce.
POSITION wanted by an experienced licensed
marine or stationary gas engineer, ashore or
afloat; references, etc. Address 843 Twenty-
ninth St.. Oakland, Cal.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper and cost account-
ant desires position: have had some experi-
ence In the advertising business. Box 3961,
Call offlce. ; |
POSITION wanted by practical steam engineer
and all round machinist; will go anywhere
if offered permanent position; references.
Box 30S9. Call office. .
ACCOUNTANT, first class, open for engage-
ment January 1; age 35; salary $100; best
city references and cash bond. Address box
3941. Call.
A BOY wants a position in prlntine offlce to
learn prets work; can feed press to satls-
factlon. Box 3031. Call office.
A JAPANESE couple want situations In fam-
ily; man any work; wife housework or care
for child; city or country. T. KIHARA.
C Central place, off Pine st.
A JAPANESE boy wishes situation as school'
boy; speaks good English. I. I., box 2014, I
Call offlce.
JAPANESE wants position; flrst-class cham-
ber work or gardener: wages $25. HARRY
UMEDA. 1040 McAllister st; phone Fell 7181.
A JAPANESE boy wants position as schoolboy
or hours' work. TONE KAWAMOTO. 442
Devisadero st. : phone Page 2109.
CHINESE first-class waiter wants position:
hot*l ov private place. F. Y.. 21 Brenham pi.
EC_ _MA CURE.
$100 FREE for any case of eczema, salt rheum
or barber itch that I can't cure: a trial
treatment free. DR. BROWN. 54 Sixth st.
FHTA_C!A_. ~~~
THE REALTY SYNDICATE.
Capital paid In $4,600,000 00
Surplus 940,901 86
Issues
Six Der cent
Investment Certificate*
At nnr
Offlce — No. 14 Sansome St.,
San Francisco, Cal.
COMPANIES formed: mining or patents: stock
sold; strong Eantcrn connections: advice free.
Write A. F. HARASZTHY. 323 Crossley hldg.
I PEATS I TO Ii-T.
A— HOUSES and flats to let: an Immense list:
service absolutely free: take advantage of
this department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cord** Furniture Co., 245-09 Geary
•t, on the square.
COTTAGES, houses and flats to let: every de-
sirable vacant place In San Francisco on
our lists; service absolutely free; let us find
you a place: come In and let us know what
rent you want to pay and the locality; "w*
do the rest." Sterling ■ Furiture Company.
1039 Market st. opp. McAllister.
DE LONG ave., 83, near Frederick— Upper
flat. 4 rt>om3 and bath; all sunny; rent $20.
WILLIAM CRANSTON CO.. 114 Montgom-
ery st.
UNION, 1350, near Polk — Sunny upper flat of
7 rooms and bath; rent $27 60. VON RHEIN
REAL ESTATE CO., . 513 California St.
A SU^NT corner 6-room flat; bath; basement:
half block from Market st: Eighteenth and
' Castro st. cars. 3945 Seventeenth st
NOK, 1062, corner Elizabeth — Sunny corner up-
per flat; new; 0 rooms and bath; modern Im-
provements; convenient to 24th-Castro cars.'
FRANKLIN, 2350. bet. Broadway and Vallejo
— New upper flat, 7 rooms; marine view;
rent moderate.
CASTRO, 433, nr. 17tl» — Sunny, modirn middle
flat, 7 rms., bath, basement; fine view; t'SO.
DOLORES, B27, nr. 19th — Sunny upper flat. 5
r. and bath; newly papered and painted; 518.
HAYES, 1747. near Park entrance — Modern
sunny flats, 5 rooms, bath; rent $22 50.
LOWER flat, 337 Hickory ave., near Laguna—
4 rooms, bath; modern improvements.
PAGE," 1737. nr. O. G. Park — Elegant new
upper flat. 6 sunny rooms and bath; cheap.
PINE, 2810— Sunny flat, 7 rooms, bath and
yard; rent ?32 BO.
SUNNY modern middle flat, .7 rooms and bath.
649 Fell st. near Webster.
UPPER flat, 4 large surmy rooms; bath; yard:
large basement: rent low. 675 Ash ave.
WALLER, , 6C4, near Scott— Desirable lower
flat, 0 rooms and bath; rent reasonable.
2 NEW flats on Perry ave. ; upper and lower.
Keys 2544 McAllister St. ■ • -
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let Can
. on LYON & HOAO, 116 Montgomery st
PLATS WAXTTEX).
FLAT of 6 rooms, bath, basement; from 4th to
"th. nr. , Market. Bcx 3978, Call offlce.
FLAT of 6 or. 7 rooms, bath," basement;' from
' 3d to 8tb, " nr. Market.' Addrees 656 ' Jessie.
NEW 6-r. flat; oak folding-bed, dresser, chif-
fonier, extension table, chairs, rockers, car-
pets, rugs, steel range, curtains, bedding,
dishes; complete, $325. 749 Seventh ave.
FURNITURE and carpets the best: almost
new; half value. Call «nd see. 1726 Page
St.; flat modern and sunny, for . rent ;
FURNITURE, snap; 6 sunny rooms; make
offer; leaving city. 314 Gough st.
NICELY furnished flat of 8 rooms and tath;
no triflers. 7 Hyde st
T-ATS TO __T — TVnSTSSCBO.
A NICELY furnished sunny flat of 5 room*
and bath; very reasonable. 157 Seventh st.
near new Doatofflce.
FURNISHED bay-wWow flat, 3 sunny rooms:
near Third and Fclsim. Inquire 191 7th st.
KINI3 furnished rooms; will sell cheap; must
leave city. 1061 Mission st ■
3FTJ— iK 1TT7R— WAHTZtO.
•WE'LL GET YOUR BUSINESS"— We pay
the most money for furniture, carpets, office
fittings, merchandise and houses. MARK J.
LEVY AUCTION CO.. 1321 Market st. be-
tween 9th and 10th. Phone South 179.
_ ABE levy,
Salesroom. 1135 Market st Tel. Jessie 761.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, offlc* fur-
niture, etc., until you get his estimate.
WILL pay 20 per cent more for furniture than
dealers or will sell on commission. L. II.
BURD, auc., 1636 Market: phone Jessie 233t>.
CALL on Alfred Wollpert 773 Mission st.. b<--
fore selling your furniture. Phone Red 4462L
rxm ariTTT— _ fob 3a__.
BREAKING up: mahogany, blrdseye maple and
weathered oak pieces cheap. 1006 Haight st
HENRY MAYER pays highest prices for fur-
niture, carpets, etc. 7S2 Mission; tel. Bush 813
EEI.P WANTED — ?_-——__.
A CHAMBERMAID for a private family. $25.
A O-rman cook for a small German fan-
. ily, $40.
A cook and second girl for a small family
In Alameda, $30 and $25.
A waitress for a plain hotel in country, $20.
A waitress for a first-class hotel, short- dis-
tance out of city, $23.
5 girls for cooking And housework In small
families. In city. $25 and $30. Call
MISS PLUNKETT'S,
425 S-tter St.. near Powell.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn halrdresslng.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; tuition $5 to those entering now;
S positions to fill Immediately; positions
guaranteed at $10 week up; only recognized
school of its kind on coast; day and even-
Ing- classes. 233 Geary st, room 13. »
WANTED — Girls to learn millinery now for
spring Feason; both seasons taught from start
to finish in one month for $5; positions as
trimmers, salesladies, makers, guaranteed at
$10 per week up; 7 portions to be filled by
first of year. Parlors 143 Stockton St.. r. 13.
A — PACIFIC College teaches halrdresslng,
manicuring, electric massag£, etc.; six hours"
practice a day: guarantees positions; c.r.Iy
reeognized college of its kind on coast; day
and evening classes; all parlor work at re-
duced prices. 133 Powell st.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS ON OVER-
ALLS. JUMPERS AND COATS; NO EX-
PERIENCE NECESSARY; STEADY WORK;
GOOD PAY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 32%
FREMONT ST. MR. DAVI3.
IN OAKLAND, COR. 10TH AND CLAY STS.,
SEWING MACHINK OPERATORS ON
• ______
OVERALLS: NO EXPERIENCE NECE3-
SARY: STEADY WORK; GOOD PAY. |
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.
OPERATORS ON OVERALLS. SHIRTS
AND OOTTONADE PANTS. STANDARD
FACTORY. COR. GOUGH AND GROVE.
LADIES wanted everywhere copying letters at j
home evenlg or spare time and return to us; I
no mailing or canvassing, $9 weekly earned:
material" fr?e; enclose self-addressed envel- j
ope for particulars. Guarantee Co., No. S 12 |
Ninth St.. Philadelphia. Pa. I
LADIES wanted to learn barber trade; only
elgh* weeks required; wages earned whll«
learning. MOLER BARBER COLLEGE.
649 Sacramento st.
LADIES— $7 to $10 weekly earned dMng plain
sewing home; material free, prepaid; stamp-
ed addressed envelop* brings particulars.
Union Co.. 1215 Filbert St.. Philadelphia, Pa.
LADIES — Earn $20 per 100 writing short let-
ters; send stamped envelope. Best Mfg.
Co., Valparaiso, Ind. %
WANTED— Chocolate dipper: $10 to $13 per
week.. Apply KELLER CANDY CO.. Oak-
land, office 477 Seventh, st.
LADIKS — $'W a thcusand copying letters; no
mailing: to friends or furnishing addresses.
U. S. Atlv. Co., Dept. 3C2. Chicago.
LADIES for steady home employment: $S and
$12 weekly. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket St.. room/ 61S.
SINGERS wanted for amateur opera club. R.
KELLOGG. 1100 Franklin st.
WOMAN to play piano for lessons. Hoover
Physical Culture. 1S»1 Flllmore st
WANTED— A girl to assist in light housework;
wages $25. Apply 774 Fillmore st.
WANTED — Good cock and housekeeper: 3
adults in family; wages $20. Box 3845, Call.
SKIRT makers, first class, wanted. 234 Post
st, room 10. 0 % •
WANTED — An experienced saleslady in waist
department. Address box 3631, Call offlce.
TRAVELER for business house; training nec-
essary. Box S778, Call offlce.
WANTED — Girl as companion and assist in
light hourework; references. Box 3643. Call.
WANTKD — A girl or woman to assist in light
housework. Box 389S, Call office^ . !
A YOUNG girl to wait at table, learn cooking;
good home; small wages. 1S37 I.'nlon st
HELP -WAITT-P — BJA—E.
AMERICAN COMMERCIAL BUREAU.
Conducted on Strictly Business Principles.
Positions secured for
Offlce men. Bookkeepers.
Stenographers. Collectors.
Traveling salesmen. _.«countants,
Offlce managers. Railroad clerks:
Law offlce clerks. Hotel clerks.
' General offlce men In all lines of business.
302 Starr King bldg.. 121 Geary st
POSITIONS GUARANTEED
To hl_h-grade men who can furnish indisput-
able testimony of ability and Integrity. We
will investigate your references free of charge.
Our commission Is payable only when we have
succeeded in securing you a suitable position.
We conduct a fair and strictly legitimate
business, thereby meriting the entire confi-
dence of the business world. COMMERCIAL
CLEARANCE CO., 415 Starr King building, I
121 Geary st I
"~ ,. AT HORD & SMITH'S, ;
Contractors' Agents, 1)5 Third st !
Teatnstcrs, Bay shore, $2.
Solicitor, tei and coffee, bis Inducements.
Man for dye work*, experienced. $20. I
GOVERNMENT positions; more than 30,000 a p- !
pointments last year: chances better than
cvpr: thousands wo have prepared have been
appointed: write for free circular J-l, giving
list of positions, salaries, examinations,
isample questions, etc., to National Cor-
'respondence Institute, Pacific Coast offlce. 927
Market st; San Francisco, Cal.
WRITE fcr booklets telling how we place men
in positions paying $100O-$MO0; opportunities
now op«?n for competent salesmen, executive,
clerical and technical men; offlct.i in 12 cit-
ies. HAPGOODS, Brain Brokers. 917 Chemi-
, cal bldg.. St. Louis.
WANTED — Responsible man to manage an of-
flce and distributes depot for "large manu-
facturing concern; salary $150 per month and
commissions; applicant muat have good ref-
erences and $20CO; capital secure. Address
f-upt.. 323 West 12th St., Chicago.
WANTED — Clerks, bookkeepers and sten-
ographers to prepare for Government posi-
tions in Panama: particulars free; apply nt
once. Pacific Correspondence Institute,
Grant bldff..- 1095 Market st
MAN under 35 from San Francisco or vicinity
to prepare fcr coming railway mall clerk
examination; good appointments; exceptional
opening. W. L. COFFEY. 4C5 Parrott bldg.
YOUNO men everywhere copy letters home
evenings, $9 50 week; send addressed envel-
ops for particulars. Manager Dept, d 12,
box 1411. Philadelphia. Pa.
OFFICE boy, about 10. one who lives at home.
Address O. B. t box 3702, CalL
HE _ P W_ JTT_P— H _ J_3— Cent— ma^
MURRAY _ READY. C34-«e Clay st.
THB CRY
OF FREEDOM .
To our patrons all w* extend Chr!»t_a#
greeting: They tare nobly advocated and fur-
thered tha right bf man to llv* and work un-
hindered by closed shop conditions. To-day wi
commemorate tha birth of our Savior, Jesus
Christ Nineteen hundred and four years ago
God gav* the- world, through the Virgin Mary,
■ his only begotten son that man should ltvo be-
side man; that he should love his neighbor as
himself. How far Ban Francisco has fallen
from the divino teachings is better told by _•
closed shop and the refusal, for many years
past, of the right of th* American boy to learn
a trade. So much good has been accomplished
toward the opening of th* shops during ths
past twelve months that w* must extend 1 to all
those who stood as th* rocks of Gibraltar at
our back In this great fight doubly tha greet-
ings of the season. The cry of freedom Is
stamped, th* cry of freedom will b* listened
to. Who is tha man. when la the hour, that
our Heavenly Father will call those responsible
to account for their wickedness? Ha is slow,
but he is sure. The handwriting on th* wall
reads as follows: "Th* closed shop must go.
and capital and labor dwell amicably together
and proceed harmoniously in progression hand
in hand." Remember. Jesus wept So does
to-day th* widowed mother and all Christian
parents. Shall San Francisco become another
Sodom and Gomorrah? 'Will the hand of mercy
which has been held out so long to us b*
changed to a hand of destruction?
A— MURRAY _ READY. C34 and 638 Cay st
Phon* _ atn 5848.
THB RIGHT OF MAN TO LITE; THS
RIGHT OF MAN TO WORK.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
We gava In 1903 19O4 we hop* to
60, CCO men work. increase 60.C0O
.-• MINERS.
8 m achln* miners; good mine: 190.
5 sailmakers. city Job. $2 50 to $4 day.
COOK AND WIFE.
Cook and' wife as first ard second; country
restaurant; $80 and found.
Milker and wife. Portuguese, Alan teda Coun-
ty. 940 and found.
FARM3 AND DAIRIES.
10 farm hands, ranch teamsters: 0 —llksrs.
Choreman and choreboys. city and country.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Cocks, waiters and kitchen hands.
Bell and elevator boys.
LAUNDRY.
Marker and distributor, country latn ldry. $20.
Dyer and cleaner country Job.
* STABLEMEN.
BOOKKEEPER. COUNTRY STORE.
Bookkeeper, country grocery. 30 to 40 years.
good references required |75.
SPECIALS.
MINERS.
GOLD QUARTZ M TNB.
8 hand miners, good gold mine. 173; hotel
accommodations, no blankets needed.
OREGON. COAL MINERS. OREGON.
OREGON 1 .
10 coal miners for a good mine, by contract;
big money can b* mada on this Job.
Fare refunded. Far* ref— ided.
STABLEMEN".
For a company stable, city; steady Job; 160.
BENCH HAND.
Bench hand, country planing mill, $3 SO day.
Man to run restaurant: good opening.
Young butcher, country shop. $25 and found.
MURRAY - READY. 634 and 63« Clay st.
MINERS— GOLD MINES.
12 hand miner3^^ arAN -
Foreman for a ditch gang," $50 and found.
Cook and wife for a boarding- house, $33
and -found.
MURRAY _ READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
ANDRE'S OFFICE. 317 STOCKTON ST.
Carpenters, country, $2 a day and found;
kitchen hand. $7 a week; pantryman, $25;
cook, $15 a week, etc.
MANAGER wanted — Every section to appoint
agents for new Scientists Game replacing for.
bidden slot machines In publlo places;
evades law everywhere; played with nickels;
finish beautiful; like cash register; rented or
sold on easy payments; sample sent on S:>
days' free trial; proposition wUl pleas* you
!f w« still have opening in your section. In-
dependent Cash Register Co.. Department 84.
Chicago. 111.
PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT'S election Insures
an Increase in civil service appointments.
Those intandlns to take the next examina-
tion should send to the Columbia Correspond-
ence College. Washington. D. C, and secure
Its freo civil service announcement contain-
ing dates, salaries, places for holding exam-
inations and question: i recently used by th «
Government.
MERCHANTS and manufacturers desirtn g to
employ commercial travelers are requested
to communicate with the. secretary of ths
Paciflo Coast Commercial Travelers' Associa-
tion. 416 Market st.. San Francisco, CaL
MAX wanted with about $30 fcr partner in
business that will pay each about $10 a day;
must b« willing to work. Box 3869, Call.
DETECTIVES— Every locality; good salary;
experience unnecessary. Interstate Detectlv*
Agency. Milwaukee, Wls. -
WANTED — On* or two men to learn a trads;
must have $10 for security; no Sunday work.
Call 212 First st.
WANTED— 2 good flrst-class shlnglers by th»
day. Call Monday morning. Railroad ave..
'west cf Fifth st. Alameda.
GILLETT'S school !.« the place to learn th*
barber trade. 811 Commercial st
DENTIST wanted; good operator. Box 3870,
Call office. ,
CIRCULAR and -ample distributors wantort:
good pay. Co-operative Adv. Co.. New York.
COLLECTOR wanted. 45 Parrott building.
TWO men to learn th* barbar trade; abso-
lutely free. 7Z1 Mission st.
GENERAL agent to handle Investment securi-
ties. Eox SS06. Call offlc*. . ' ...... :...
SECOND cook, restaurant Oakland. $12 week.
Cal. Emp. Agency, 14 3d st; call Sunday.
WANTED everywhere— Hustler* to tadc signs,
distribute circulars, samples, etc.; no can-
vassing; good ray. Sun Adv. Bureau. Chi-
cago.
BRIGHT, energetic younr man by tea im-
porting house; stat* ag«* and references. Ad-
dress box 2C50. Qtll offlce.
COLORED porter wanted in barber shop. COT
Lagana st ■
MEN — The only original Moler Barber Colle?*
teaches barber trade In 8 weeks; wages
■ earned whlls learning.
New quarters and new appliances.
Call or writ* for illustrated catalogue.
Moler Barber College. 04!> Sacramento st
Lately moved from Clay st. •
PLEASANT faced, fine appearing registered
physician and surgeon: must be quit* gray,
but active: positively no other; no traveling;
■alary $?C0 or more when well started. Cal!
at 25 Third st. .
WANTED— Educated gentleman to visit small
towns to writ* short articles for Eastern
magazine: $1CCO per year; local refs. re-
quired. Box 40CO. Call.
WANTED — Men to prepare for railway mall.
Internal revenue and custom-house positions:
free catalogue. Pacific Correspsndence Insti-
tute. Grant, bldg., 1CS5 Market; open ergs.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to — wr«r
that Ed Rclkln. Reno House proprietor, has
added 1C0 new rooms to th* Denver House.
217 Third st.: 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
WASTED — Night engineer familiar with elec-
tric generator and steam .power. Apply
Alaska Codflsh Co.. 17 Davis st.
FURNISHED barber shop to let at Twenty-
fouth and Alabama its.; Idle on account of
sickness.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25o
to eOc. 571 Mission st. Set 1st and 2d sts..
cr 11 ThirJ st. Examiner building.
V.*ANTE"D — Young man to work for his tuition
in S. F. Barber School. 741 Howard st
MAN with $.100. barber shop: experience not
r.ftcessn.ry. Box r»O€f», Call offlce.
TWO-ohair barber shop In good location;
Fourth and Minna. Inquire Deckelman Bros.
i SAILORS for deep water ships at HERMAN'S,
2S and 27 Steuart st.
WANTED — A seeend-hand ice plant Unmedl -
ately. Box 1603. IOCS Market st
MEN to learn th» detective business; paid
while learning. 997 Market st. rocm 104.
SAILORS and your.g nen (green hands) fcr
ships. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson st
MEN wanted at 137 3d st. where shoes ar« re-
paired by machinery; sewed soles 10 min.. 75c
W.* '"'TED — Men to fill 330 rooms at 20c per
night; clothes closets, hair mattresses, elec-
tric light in every rcom. 6S1 Howard, nr. 3d.
For Additional Classified Advert— e«
ments See Pago 43.
4142
-r— — .» — TAITTEP — —AXE — Co~tlB-«- r
LABOR debts collected: suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.» 328 Montgy.. r. 413.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullis. r. 40. Phelan bid.
Past Com. O«o. H. Thomas Pest, Q. A. R.
TRY our men's shoes, union made; $1 and $1 60
-pair; foot-form fhoea, $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d at.. Exam, bid.; open UU 9 p.— ,
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St., near Mar-
' *et— 700 rooms: 85c night; reading rooms;
' free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office cf The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
' "been opened at 1008 MafEet St.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Cnurca.
ALL sires men's shoe*, slightly damaged, haU
•price. S71 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2a sU.
SALESMEN WAHTEP.
WANTED-Men who are now successfully en-
Mgedl^ representing whole-ale tailoring
• firms The best wholesale tailoring house In
. -the United States v.ill tfve euch men _n op-
\pcrtunlty to make more money The >ery
t*«t eample equipment, euch « ™£ n ",;.£ a
' consignment, swatches. unllmU _* a t£i,l?h
•matter etc will be furnished. Brancn
•tore, will be opened without n^nirtiw to-
vestment. Sure income assured to rirht par-
«e' Good salesmen will fln d this the lr op-
• portunitv. Address F. K. MCHOL. lock
. box Ji:*. Chicago. II1._
WANTED Specialty salesmen to canvass re-
' ta*crrr^Y$3C?0 to $10,000 a year for ex-
port saksmrn. American Jobbing Ass n job-
.bers. importers, mfns.' agents. Iowa City. la.
TRAVELING salesman— By large wholesale
T housTfor California to fill vacancy; »«*«»-
'.tract; stale experience. Drawer S. Chicago.
WHY rot travel with pocket wimple only and
fn-ke *2CO to S4C0 weekly filing "tarlearti-
• rl<- r*quiri:ip no experience? L. _ Ul.«J«.>.
Equitable tldg., St. Louis. Mo.
WE~pald~^ne~eale"sman $4S3 In
o.e »eek: pocket *amnU. D. T. WEIR White
Lead Co., St. Louis. Mo.
SOUCZTOgg WAHT— P-
1MME!>1ATEL T. B0 working soIicitorB $3 _ day
' salary: fay every night. -UO Crossley bldg.
WAITED— Ladies or gentlemen to solicit.
Call at rocm CO. Winchester Hotel.
;■■; hobses^aot VTAcrojffS;
FIRE Mile— Vehicles of all descriptions slightly
ilema«ed by fire. -nioWe and water to be sold
' at 'a fiaerifi.-e during next 5 days at O BR1EN
" & SONS". 300 Golden Gate ave.
TE^M of thoroughbreJ. black, 1200-pcund Dud-
'lev horses fcr saie; got*! drivers; city broke:
. e'uitable for doctor. 456 East Seventeenth
• -*t.. Oakland.
THE Quarterly bulletin of S. F. Veterinary Col-
lege now ready mailed free upon application
to I>R. E. J. CREELY. Pres.. 310 Golden Gate.
2 GOO1> cheap work horses for **le cheap; one
rpr.y Tid's and drives. 37 Croke st. (5-mlle
fVuW), Mission road^
PERFECTLY Round buggy horse, 6 yrs.. broken
•jii'fcanuss or saddle, cheap. Conklin Bros..
3d3 tlclden Gate aye^
vTinLoAD gentle business buggy and livery
. "hurj.es. E. STEWART & CO.. _"•> Valencia.
F^Hl ?«tl^ — Second-hanol bakery —-agon at
'KQCEUTS*. 1C15 Market St.
FOR sale— A burtners l-uggy: O'Brien make;
Vee and make offer. Box 1595, Call office.
•TKY Addtrlpy's vehicle washing sponges and
c!ia-iois. At Saddler's or 307 Market st^
T~>O young horses $10<> each; weight 1150
lbs.;"guar. Eagle Brewing Co., 18th-Harri«on.
A GOOD, strong cart for sale. Inquire 270$
. XlsE-ica ft... near Twenty-third.
!• — " ~
FOR sale — 10 second -han express waer&ns, one
' Biasle iruck. 233 Btale st.
•' Al"<~riON peie of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. S27 Sixth st.
CHEAPEST ar.d best in America — The Weekly
Call. 1<J paces, sent to any address In the
T"nite<l States »r Omada one year for $1.
HOUSia^TOJLET^
A-^PKINTKD lift of houses to let: s*nd for cir-
• 'cular. G. H. UMBSEX &. CO.. 20 Montgomery
A NICE sunny 11-rcom house; 817 Grove St.,
near Webster; basement. laundry, yard;
■every convenience: rent reasonable. WIL-
LIAM CKANSTON CO.. lit Montgomery *t.
S2S — XHW modern 7-room 2-story house: 3
Muck* from station: 30 minutes from city.
1 .ANDHEGAN, Golden Gate station, or 433
Battery tt.
JONES 1219 near Clay — House of 10 rooms
. and bath: rent $60. VOX RHEIN REAL
ESTATE CO.. C13 California et.
laCFCBSCZSBBO or partly furnished nome:
Pr«-s!dlo Heishts: S rooms and bath. Box
T37. Call office.
•SUNNY 11-room house; marine view; yard.
131(5 Green st.; $0Ci; water free.
' HOUSE, 8 rooms and bath. Inuulre 126
Eddy st
HOUSES TO LST — FURNISHED.
FAMILY from the East wishes to rent for
a. few months a finely furnished home with
4 or 5 bednv->ms and 2 bathe: must be first
clafs in every respect, modern ar.d well
hrate.l; good loemtloa and sunny exposure;
• " hipheft referenof- Riven as to responsibility
'. of advertiser. Box 3S57. Call.
•P.AUTL BIT, 434— Furnished 4, 5 or 9 rooms;
2 to 4 :>. m.
HOUSES FUB5ISI1EP — FOB SAX_.
A B0CEE or 10 housekeeping rooms: rent $40;
rltars $30 over rent; jirice $700. $400 cash.
.' B'jx .»>>17. Call office.
COTTAGES TO -.rT.
ET'KKKA. 224. rear — Cottage. 2 rooms. base>-
. m<nt. yard ; $3. Inquire (MS Market St.
HOTELS.
HOTEL BALTIMORE. 1C15 Van New ave.—
This first-class hotel, new being conducted on
American plan, especially for families for the
teai-on or year. Location is unsurpassed. The
njulrnients are a!I modern, with every con-
venience.- The rooms are large, .runny and
<cir.forta.b!e; superb view; furntKhings are all
' 'Want. Cuisine hifhett order. H. C. SHAN-
NON, iranax-er. formerly of Hotel Langham.
>•"»"•-.• Vnrk. and M-vsnn Hotel. Honolulu.
n5_TAL— -ZEZTT BXm>OXNQ.
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY^
'Installment homes. fil2 Callaehan building,
. vtiii build on your property or buy you a lot;
• fS _ month i>ayn principal and interest on
earh SIi»k> of halnxtce due, tnitklng your in-
,ta!!mert* ler* than rent: «en<1 for circular.
•__ laryssT-T-HTg.
AN
THOUGHTFUL
INVESTORS.
Tie Big Trfcs Mining Company of Murphys
C ? la 'j: r " __WtR CaiKornlt, in offering for
sale .T).<jo<) gharry of Block at 30 cents per share
solicit the (.ttrr.ticn and inquiry of every In-
vr*tor tltsl-.ous of j.laoing hi- oanital in eecurt-
• ti<« ,f guaranteed value, ecmbined with abso-
lute and oft>rir.ts speculative fr-ature- un-
<«rjiu.!<wl by any <nher mining investment In
Jhe Wot. The company hat, secured by pur-
« rraee in -xcf-«s of lisCt) acres of patented min-
inp lanu In the vicinity of Murphys. This land
contains a number of developed mines, the
or/s of which, though refractory, are. extremely
rich. Thf r* tKins no smelter or railroad ship-
pli.g facf'.lt'es adja«-ent to Murphys. it has
hitherto befn lni:m»-sltjle to work the mines at
a iirofit. With th" advent of the Big Trees
Companyiho situation has completely changed
and Mur;hys w;il in a short time be one of
th? busie*: csinrm in California. The company
Is to build a 2fO-ton-per-day smelter on its
pi-optrty and construct n railroad thereto from
Angels. Fame to I* run In conjunction with the.
Sierra. Railroad. A million-dollar 6 per cent
bend Imu". to accomplish the jToJect. has been
virtually purchased by an Eastern Trust Com-
pany and active operations arc now In pror-
(rr^— ». The investor needs to think little to
recoculie what the stock, which Is now offered
at 30 cents, v.ill be worth a year from date.
fcubsi-ripticr.s received and complete lpforma-
tloii forwarded en request by
E.
r-CWPER-THWAITE.
BROKER FOU THF. BIG TREES
MINING COMPANY.
KTOCKTON.
, • CALIFORNIA.
SlAItCONI Wireless stock, as also any other
security at her— aln prices: write me vour
-■ants; my service unequaled In the West;
prompt and satisfactory. E. COWPER-
THWAITE. Stockton. C*I.
amsrs ajto miitiko.
CAPITALISTS. ATTENTION!
I an» authorized, by the owner direct, to sell
two valuable mining properties; both have
been sufficiently developed to establish the
enormous extent of the rich deposits of sil-
ver rold. copper and lead; price and terms
-Tr-t>r dinjrly reasonable: none but men who
mean business need reply. Address box C377.
O_ll crflce_,
PA— T-TX— 8 WAafTSP.
PROMINENT physician wants partner with
some money. Address box 3937. Call office.
P-CTSICL-gS ABTP STOOEQgB. _
DR~~C~~C O'DONNELL — Office and residence,
1021^4 Market st.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073',$ Market St.
REMOVED — DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
pact four years at 115-117 Mason St.. now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st.. near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 74B-8 Clay st.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new methods: one week's
treatment free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter.
FU_cxASXxa a annexes.
CLARA E. JEWETT. purchasing agent; coun-
try orders a specialty; correspondence sollclt-
«d. 305 Larkln «t.. room 49; tel. South 319.
PATBWTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torcey-at-law. 6 Hobart bide-.. 532 Market st.
BROADWAY. 732— Housekeeping room to let.
BRYANT, 421 — Two sunny rooms", nicely fur-
nished for housekeeping; gas.
CALIFORNIA, 1272—2 large sunny rooms; fur-
nished complete for housekeeping.
ELLIS. 326A — Single, double and housekeeping
rooms; reasonable. ■
ELLIS, 1161 — Large front room with grate and
ga» plate; completely furnished; $11.
EDDY. 743 — 2 sunny well- furnished house-
keeping- rocms; gas range, yard, etc.
ESSEX, 11. bet. First and Second, off Fol-
fcom 3 sunny furnished housekeeping rooms;
gas; $13 50.
ELLIS. 1608 — Sunny front rooms for .house-
keeping. *_
EDDY. S70— Elegantly furnished parlors; other
rooms for houtektcplns; modern flat.
FIRST, 319 — Single, double and housekeeping
rooms. ;
FAIR OAKS. 30 — Two rocms near Guerrero
a— d Twenty-second sts. ; $8.50.
FIFTH. 353 — Furnished housekeeping rooms.
$18; '2. $12 50: cne rincle. $5. ;
FOLSOM. 974 — Furnished rooms for house-
keeping. '
FRONT room alcove; nicely furnished; light
hoesekeeping. Box 1646. 100S Market.
GEARY. 1225 — Nice sunny bay-window suite;
all conveniences; fine view; also other choice
rooms; reasonable.
GEARY. 370— Suites and singles; also house-
keeping room*.
GEARY 946 — Comfortable room, furnished
housekpg, with gas. $S per month; suite $10.
GOUGH. 443 — Parlors with kitchen; also other
rooms; bath; modern.
i _____________ — — — __—_———-———__——
1 GbLDEN GATE . ave.. «33— Choice single
housekeeping rooms; eood location.
GUERRERO. 5, corner Market— Bay-window
suit; separate kitchen; reasonable; adults.
i GOLDEN GATE ave.. 311— Sunny furnished
) room for light housekeeping; gas and bath.
i GOLDEN GATE ave.. «39 — Two front house-
f keeping rocms; price, $1S per month.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. «31 — Nice mntde house-
keeping rooms; reasonable.
HOUSEKEEPING rooms. Inquire at 637
Golden G_te ave. •
HOWARD, 94S— Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms.
HOWARD, 964 — Housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD. 1074^ — Housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD. 1020— Housekeeping- rooms.
j : :
I HYDE. 410^ — Housekeeping rooms to let.
HARRISON, S97 — Housekeeping and single
furnished rooms to let.
HARRISON. 405 — Furnished and housekeeping
rooms; coal and gas stoves, electric lights,
hot and cold water, bath.
HARRIET. 31— Nice light housekeepirjr rooms
j to rent.
i ■
!
I HAIGHT. 218 — Housekeeping rocms.
. HAYES. 4S1 — Nicely furniehed room for cne or
\ two gentlemen; bath, gas; housekeeping.
■ HARTFORD. 56. near Eighteenth— 2 house-
keeping rooms to let.
JACKSON, 1CO0, cor. Polk— New nicely furn.
'. front hkpg rmf.. complete: marine view. $_0.
1 JESSIE, 323 — Large, sunny front room; gas
range, sink, bed and cot; $-1 25 week.
! KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine —
Sunny furnished 3-room suites: steam heated,
electric lighted; free baths; rates reasonable.
: KEARNY, 3C5 — Nice front rooms with fire-
! place; also housekeeping rocms with gas and
> bath.
j LARKIN. 502 — Nicely furnished sunny front
rooms; complete for housekeeping.
i LARKIN, 413 — One, two or three nice house-
keeping rooms; rent reasonable.
LARKIN, 1309 — Large front room, stove, clos-
ets, run. water; all conv. for housekeeping.
LILY ave.. 14 — Housekeeping rooms to let.
MISSION, flll',4. near Fifth — Furnished rooms
for housekeeping; gas stove; reasonable.
McALLISrTER. 715 — Pleasantly situated rooms
fr- housekeeping: reasonable.
MISSION. 10C7. near 12th— Large sunny furn.
rrozn. llcht housekeeping, 58; gas, bath;
other rocms.
• MISSION. 1C20 — Furnished rooms fcr house-
l keeping.
j MISSION, 1219 — Furnished housekeeping rooms
J complete: no cnlldren.
MISSION, 2245— Rooms to let.
MISSION, 1033 — Furnished rooms for house-
keeping.
MISSION, 823 — Furnished housekeeping rooms
to let.
MARKET. 1163 — Housekeeping rooms to let.
: MISSION. 1520— Nicely furnished housekeeping
I room.
j MONTGOMERY. 108— Sunny front nulte house-
keeping rooms. Phone, Black 6713.
MISSION. 1027 — Housekeeping room to let.
MONTGOMERY. 109— Sunny front- suite cf
housekeeping rooms; telephone. Black C713.
OAK. 117 — Rooms, complete. hou«ekeeplns; $5
no $12; gas range; hot bath; adults.
OAK, 407 — Large, sunny kitchen, etc.. $1 75
week; apply after 5 p. m. on Sunday.
OCTAVIA. 14C3. cor. Geary — Sunny furnished
room, double bed; pan; gas plate; $s.
PAGE. 278 — Two connecting ' housekeeping
rooms: $15.
POLK, 827 — Unfurnished housekeeping room.
POWELL. 415— Sunny furnished housekeeping
suito: ras, bath; $17 month.
POWELL. £16, opp. Hctel Fairmont— Ele-
frantly fur. sunny three or four rooms; fine
marine view.
KAUSCH. 85, near Fdsom — Alcove room and
connecting kitchen complete for hskpg. ; raas.
SOUTH PARK, 137 — Two or three nlcfly fur-
ntshed, sunny front housekeeping rooms; $12.
SIXTH, 541 — Housekeeping rooms.
SUTTER, 953 — Housekeeping rooms.
SECOND. 212 — Furnished • rooms for house-
keeping.
SEVENTH. 200—2 nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping. Apply Monday or Tuesday.
SECOND. 37— Housekeeping rooms to let.
STANYAN, 810, opp. G. G. Park — Two sunny
rooms, single or light housekeeping.
SUTTER. 087 — Sunny basement floor of three
rooms, complete for housekeeping.
TURK. 404 — Housekeeping room.
TURK. 416 — Housekeeping suite; all modem
conveniences.
THIRD, 440— Housekeeping rooms.
THIRD, 444% — Furnished rocms for house-
keeping.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. DECEMBER 25, 1904.
[ -OOM3 FOB HOPS-- EXSIT—Q— Con.
TAYLOR, 533— Nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms, reasonable.
THIRD. 80S — Nice, sunny housekeeping rooms;
transient; from 25c up; all clean and light.
TURK. 1218 — Furnished and housekeeping
rooms; reasonable.
TWENTY-FOURTH, 8305, near Mission — Two
unfurnished front rooms for housekeeping;
running water; no children.
VAN NESS, 421 — Elegantly furn. front sunny
suite; free phone; machine and bath; $23.
VAN NESS, 70S— Parlor suite and kitchen,
complete for housekeeping,- $30.
VALENCIA, &74A — Housekeeping room; also 1
furnished to suit, with or without use of
kitchen.
WALLER, 450— A neatly furnished room; rea-
sonable; private family.
WEBSTER. 1229—3 or 4 rooms, complete for
housekeeping; phone and bath.
TruiL. and TJnturn.
A— THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
, 115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
MOST MODERN AND UP-TO-DATE HO-
'TEL DOWNTOWN; 150 rooms; 35 SUITES
WITH PRIVATE BATH: ELECTRIC
LIGHTS: STEAM HEATED THROUGH-
OUT; TELEPHONE IN EVERY ROOM;
SUITES WITH BATH, $1 60 TO $2 50 PER
'DAY; SINGLE ROOMS. 7Bc TO $1; HOT
WATER DAY AND NIGHT. TELEPHONE
SOUTH 1041. -
ASHWORTH HOTEL.
S20 Hijon at., bet. Geary and O'FarrelL.
Booms with or without private bath.
New addition just comDleted; entire hause
newly renovated: sun in rooms all day.
ATKINS, cor. Third st. and Park lane — New
brick building: all sunny rooms; hot and cold
water; electric lights; only flnst-daas housw
In locality: rooms $1 50 week and up.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth st.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "Tit Almonte." 873 Market St. (or No. 1
Fifth st.) — Rooms. 23c. 00c. $1. $1 30 night;
$1 SO to $10 week; house open all night.
ARMY. 3528— Nicely furnished rooms.
BELMOND House; over Owl drus store; 2 en-
trances. U2« Market and 21 Turk — Electric
lights: . running water In every room; 203
rooms; 23c to 50c per night: $1 25 to $3.week.
BRYANT. 412— A sunny furnished room.
BRYANT, 768 — Sunny furnished room to let.
BUCHANAN. 1510— A furnished rcom to let.
BROADWAY, 700— Furnished rcom.
B st., 626— Sunny room.
BIRCH ave., 30— Furnished rooms to let.
BROADWAY, 730— Furnished room to let.
BROADWAY. 700— Furnished room to let.
CENTRAL ave, 811 — Furnished room.
BROADWAY, 916 — Furnished rooms to let.
BRODERICK, 1212— Sunny front rooms.
BRYANT, 42S}i — Sunny front hall bedroom;
bit h ; gas ; $5.
BRYANT, 2050— A furnished room to let. MRS.
KNACK.
BUSH, 1008 — Furnished rooms.
BRYANT. 532— A furnished room.
BUCHANAN, 1621— Room for rent.
BUSH. 1105. nr. Leavenworth — Pleasant sunny
room; gentleman; run. water; gas, bath, etc.
BROADWAY, 913— ltotros to let.
BUCHANAN. 1621 — Furnished room for rent.
I BUSH. 703 — Furnished rooms.
! CLAIIA. 177— Large furnished fro^t room to
let.
CLEMENTINA, 321— Furnished rooms to
let.
j CALIFORNIA. 15."W) — 3 unfurnished rooms; first
; floor: .$10 month.
j ,
■ CLAY, 1104A— A furnished room.
j CENTRAL ave., S13A— Eunny furnished room.
i ■ mm
! CLARA, 61 — Large furnished room.
j CALIFORNIA. 1507— Furnished room.
! CAPP, 817— Furnished room to let.
I
I CLAY, 1208V4— Rocm to let.
j CHELSEA. 6. near Bush and Powell — Nice
! large room; $6.
! CLAY. 2812 — Pulte rooms.
I . ___
I CHURCH, 365— Sunny furnished room to let.
CLEMENTINA. 57— Furnished and unfurnished
rcoms to let. .
. . ~
| CLEMENTINA, 54 — Furnished room to let.
; CASTRO. 1620, near car house — Furnished
room. i
j CALIFORNIA. 1264— Nice sunny room; front;
I running water; large closet: gentleman or
! lady.
I CLAY, 1424 — Lanre sunny room; newly fur-
■ nlrherl; bath; business ftian preferred.
I _____
CLEMENTINA, 73— Rooms to let.
• CLEMENTINA, 7.'B— Rooms to let.
j ~" _____! -
j CLAY, 102S — Furnls-hed rooms.
— — — __________
CLAY. 2912 — Rooms to let.
j COLE, 419— Room to let.
I CEDaR ave., 19--Rocm to rent.
j CLEMENTINA, 42S— Small furnished room to
I let.
j , •
j CLARA. 27— Rcom to let.
j
j DEVISADERO. 826— Furnished rooms. <
! DORE, 2C — Furnished rooms to let.
1" EDDY. 432 — Elegant furnished sunny suite
rooms; fine location; reasonable.
) ELLIS, C27— Furnished rooms to let.
I. ' — ~
EDDY, 123:1 — Furnished room.
EDDY. 773 — Sunny furnished room.
ELLIS. 016 — Furnished room; reasonable.
ELLIS, - 315 — Furnished suites and single
rooms.
EIGHTH. 314— Rooms to let.
ELLlS. 1038— Large eunny room; private fam-
ily; phone; also small room; rent cheap/
EDDY.' 514— Fine furnished sunny front
rooms; gas, bath, telephone. . .
EDDY, 789 — Furnished room.
EDDY, 1233 — Furnished room.
"THE LAUNSTON." 110 Eddy— Best tran-
sient and regular house in city; 60c and $1.
EIGHTEENTH, 3232— Sunny furnished rooms
' — '
ELLIS, 616— Rooms to let.- • |
EDDY, 472— Sunny frcnt hall bedroom.
EDDY. 15— Rooms to let.
ELLIS. 667 — Furnished rooms to let.
ELLIS, 782— Furnished room to let.
ROOMS TO ItET— -rnra. and ITafura.
ERIE. 34H— Neat furnished room to let.
EIGHTH ave., 574— Sunny bay-window room;
fine view; near Golden Gate Park. -
ELLIS. 710— Furnished room to let.
EDDY. 637— Furnished rooms. -
EDDY, 789 — Sunny room.
EDDY. 11 — Large sunny front room, first floor;
also othtrs; reasonable. *
FRANKLIN. 716— Furnished room.
FELL, 254 — Fumlahed room.
FULTON. C25 — Furnished hallway room for
young lady. ,
FOLSOM. 815 — Furnished room.
FIFTH, 3S1— Nicely furnfshed room.
FELL, 510— Rooms to let.
FIFTH, S3 — Fine furnished rooms to let. •
FOLSOM. 608 (Aurora) — Nice furnished room,
run. wat»r, elect, light; $1 CO per week. -
FRANKLIN, . 1459 — Handsomely furnished
rooms to let.
FOLSOM. C20— Furnished rooms to let.
FOLSOM. 830— Furnished room to let. '
FOURTH, 81— Furnished rocms to let.
FELL, 232— Comfortable • clean bedroom; for
gentleman only; private fsmlly.
F1LLMORE, 2517—2 or 3 nice newly carpeted
rooms; furnlzhed or unfurnished.
FREMONT, 32S — Nicely furnished sunny front
room; reasonable; eas.
FOURTH, 225— Sunny furnished room to let.
FOLSOM, C.41— Furnished room: rent $5.
FILL.MORE, 1449— Furnished room.
FELL, 764 — Furnished room.
FRANKLIN, 1430— Sunny furnished rooms to
let.
FELL. 252— Furnished rcom.
FOLSOM, 1318— Furnished room to let.
FOLSOM. 731— Furnished room to let.
FULTON. 636 — Furnished room to let.
FOURTEENTH. C84 — Sunny furnished room;
warm beit of Mission.
FELL. 251 — 1 unfurnlt.hed back room.
FIFTH, 403 — Sunny frcnt room.
FRANKLIN. 1419— Room to let.
FIFTEKNTH. 1K04— Elogant furnished rooms.
FULTON, 430B — Small rocm for rent.
FOURTH, 533— lloom to. let.
FRANKLIN. 507— Nicely • furnished front
rooms to let.
FIFTH, 403 — Sunny furnished room.
FOLSOM, 11S1— Front room to let.
FOLSOM. 513— Furnished front room to let.
FOURTH. 321— Furnished room to let.
FULTON, 770— Roomer wanted.
GRAND Southern 7th and Mission — Rooms 35c
to $1 25 night; $1 50 to $6 wk. : reading-room.
GUERRERO. 813 — Furnished rocm.
GEARY, 4«) — Furnished room to let.
GREENWICH. 1029 — Sunny furnished room to
let.
GEARY, SOo — Nice apartment room to let, $4
'per week up.
GEARY. 75C — Furnished room.
GREENWICH, 1112— Sunny furnished room to
let.
GOUGH. 405 — Sunny front room to let.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 315— Furnished rcoms.
GREEN. 720— Furnished room to let. $5.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. C39— Furnished rooms.
GEARY, 9S7— Furnished rooms:
GREENWICH 1929— Sunny furnished room to
let.
GUERRERO, 317— Furnished room.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 439 — One furnlt-hej rocm.
GEARY. 3G8— Furnished rooms.
GUERRERO, 5 — Nics furnished room.
GOUGH, 723 — Large furnished room.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1452— Furnished room.
GROVE. 1054 — Rooms to let. .
GOLDEN place, 5 — Room to rent.
GEARY. 1143 — Front alcove suite: beautifully
furnished: also single rooms; reasonable.
GEARY, M0. The Carl — Nice, furnished rooms
by the day. week cr month.
GEAUY, 750 — Furnished rooms.
GREEN, <i'l5 — Rooms to let.
GOLDEN GATE p. ve.. 210— Front and single
rooms; Kino 2 housekeeping rooms with gas
stove antl water.
HOWARD, 728— Furnished room.
HOWARD, 1C74— Furnished rooms to let.
HAYES, 7C3— A furnished room to let. } : ::'.-\
HAIGHT. «82— A neatly furnished room for
lady: with beard. .
HAWTHORNE, 8 — Furnished rooms.
HARRIET, 203— Nice furnlshedyroom.
HYDE, 312— Furnished rocm.
HARRISON. C61— Furnished rooms.
HOWARD, 1229 — Furnished rooms to let.
HAWTHORNE, 8. near Third— Neat furnished
r.oom. ,
HICKORY ave.. 504— Room to let.
HOWARD, 925— Furniehed rocms for rent;
reasonable.
HAMPTON place. 15— Furnished rooms; cen-
tral, quiet; reasonable.
HAMPTON place. 18— Furnished rooms; cen-
tral, quiet; reasonable.
HAMPTON place. 20— Furnished rooms; cen-
. tral, . quiet; reasonable.
HAMPTON . place, 13-^FurnIshed rooms ; cen-
tral, quiet; reasonable.
HARRISON. 618— Furnished rooms.
HYDE, 312— Sunny furnished room.
HAIGHT. 143— Large front sunny room to let.
UO1VAUD, 2119A— Nice furnished rooms to let.
■• BOOMS TO 3.23T— Ftlz-u and TTnfiirn.
HOWARD court, 7, near Fourth— Sunny fur-
nished room.
HOWARD, 532— Unfurnished rooms to let.
HYDE, 509 — Nice, furnished' rooms to let;
reasonable.
HYDE, 1428 — Sunny room.
HAIGHT, 494 — Furnished room.
HOWARD, 1053 — Furnished ' room; $8 per
month.
HOWARD, 1006— Furnlsh-d rooms.
HOWARD, 744 — Furnished rooms.
HAIGHT, 882— A neatly furnished room for
one or two gentlemen.
HOWARD, 860 — Rooms to let.
HAWTHORNE 8 — Sunny furnished room to
let.
HOWARD, 737 — Nicely furnished rooms.
HOWARD,- 578 — Furnished rocms to let.
HARRISON, 641— Furnished rooms.
HOWARD, 1812— Nicely furnished rooms to let
HOWARD, 715 — A room to let. „
HOWARD. 71.T — Furnished rooms., single or
double: rtntnl location.
HOWARD. 1313— Furnished rooms to let.
HOWARD, 11C5A— Furnished room to let.
I ' — — — ' ■
! HYDE. 416 — Basement to let by January 1.
I HYDE. 730 — Eleganlty furnished room.
HOLLIS, 4 — Sunny front room.
HYDE. 410— Sunny room to lct 1
JESSIE. 31G — Sunny furnished roam to let.
JESSIE. 3?S — Sunny furnished room to let.
JESSIE, 315H— Fins furnished rooms to let.
JONKS. 031 — Sunny furnished rooms; choice
location.
JESSIE, C30 — Nico furnished room.
JOXDS, 317— Furnish* d rooms to let.
J JESSIE. 328— Fine furnished rooms to let.
1 LAG UNA. 1W7, cnr. Geary — Cozy 3-room suite:
i newly furn.: new flat; private; reasonable.
i LAUKIX, SOI — Nicely furnished room for
I gents. .
LEAVENWORTH, 000 — Sunny room*
LARKIN, 2102—3 unfurnished rooms; reason-
able.
j LOMBARD, 614 — Sunny furnished room to let.
LOCUST ave.. 608»4 — Sunny front furnished
room, to let.
LILY ave., 112 — Nice sunny room to let.
i
, LAGUNA. 1733 — Furnished roonu _^
LAGUNA. 1731— Furnished room.
LARKIN, 1309 — Rooms to let.
LARKIN. 804 — Sunny back rooms; grates; for
jrentlemcn; $C and $S; also housekeeping.
MARKET. 1049 (The Falmouth)— Sunny rooms;
$2 50 to $7 w«ek; baths; elevator; also hkpg.
Mt-TROPOLITAN Hotel. 129 Third st. — 400
r Ingle and family rooms ."5c to (1 5O per day.
$2 to $8 per week; the only mw and modern
hotel and - rooming-house. In San Francisco
that has office on ground floor, hot and cold
water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
In every room and gives free bath* and ele-
vator service day and night to Its guests.
MINNA. 022 — Furnished rooms to let.
' MINNA, 234t$— Furnished room to let.
MARKET, 9S3— Rooms to let.
MONTGOMERY, 100— Sunny furnished rooms
I to let. .
;n , ____H ~~~
j MISSION, 1320— Fumlfhed rooms to let.
MARKET, 1S02 — Furnished room.
MARKET, »93— Furnished rooms.
I "
MARKET, 917 — Furnished rooms.
MARKET, 7C3 — Furnished rooms to let.
MARKET, 737 — Fift-nlshed rooms to let. if
; MISSION. 1433 — Furnished rooms to let.
MISSION, 1514 — Furnished rooms to let.
MISSION*, 25*44 — Furnished room.
MINNA, 328 — Rocms to let.
MISSION, 2138 — Furnished rooms. j
MARKET, 1OO7>4 — Nicely furnished rooms to
let.
MINNA, 1319 — Front room to let.
MINNA, 429VJ— Rooms to let.
MISSION, 2245 — Rcoms to let.
MINNA, 2C4}i— Furnished room to let.
MISSION, 1221— Furnished rooms to let.
MINNA. C.M--1 furnished rocm to let in pri-
vate family; front or back parlor; ?S to $12.
MCALLISTER, 743a — Nicely furnished sunny
room.
MCALLISTER, 405— Furnished room to let.
MONTGOMERY, 1.124— Furnished room.
MCALLISTER. 72«— Sunny^ furnished front
room for 2 people.
MCALLISTER, 971— Room to let.
MONTGO—ERY, 109— Rooms to let.
MISSION, 2S22 — Neat furnished room.
MISSION, 2427 — 1 single and newly furnished I
suite: suitable for two or three gentlemen;!
modern flat.
MCALLISTER, 405 — Furnished room to let.
MISSION, 837A — Furnished rooms to let.
MISSION, 810 — Furnished rooms to let. !
' MARKET. 1802^ — Furnished room.
MASON, i 825, near Pine — Nicely furnished
rcoms. -
MASON. 400— Single and housekeeping rooms. I
MONTGOMERY. 13 — Furnished room.
MINNA, 25S — Furnished room.
MARKET. 2174— Nlca furnished rooms.
MASON, 015A, near Sutter— Room and board
for lady in private family.
MCALLISTER. 724— Room for rent.
MISSION, 1039 — A nice furnished room to let.
MINNA. 1359 ft— Sunny room to let.
MISSION. 1250— Furnished room.
| BOOMS TO IiBT — gnra. «a- TTaXvrn. |
MISSION. 1143^— Ftrnlshed rooms, bath, etc
MISSION. 819— Rooms to let. _,
MORRIS ave.. 130— Three rooms.
MINNA. 660— Nice newly furnished room;
suitable for 2 men. .
MINNA, 673— Furnished rooms to let.
MISSION. 5C1. near Second— Large front room,
with coal oil stove; suitable for one or two
gents. ___
MISSION. 573 — Front room; $5. .
. MINNA, 629— Furnished rocm.
MARKET, 737— Single room for gentleman ;
$10 month. __________—————
, MCALLISTER. 434— Rooms to let.
MARKET, 2482 U — Furnished room to let.
MISSION. S36— Furnished rooms to l«t.
MISSION, 1020— Nicely furnished front room;
funny side.
jNOE. B77— Pleasant front single room to rent
I cheap. | m
i ' IZZIZ ' ■
NINTH, 110— Furnished room.
NATOMA, 553%— Newly furnished rooms, with
gas.
NATOMA. 38 — Furnished rooms to let.
NATOMA. 254— Furnished room to let.
NINTH. 110 — Furnished rooms to let.
NATOMA. 2M — Front room to let. '
NINTH, 1 IB— Furnished rooms to let.
NATOMA. 235— Furnished rooms.
NATOMA. 63— Furnished rooms to let.
NATOMA. 1031 — Nice room to let.
i .- " j
NOE, 21 — Furnished room. '
I
j NATOMA, 6ir>— Furnished rooms to* let.
NATOMA. 520 — Nice furnished rooms to let.
NATOMA. CIO — Furnished room. I
■ OAK, 42, near Market— Nicely furnished sunny J
I f-ont i>arlor. suitable for married couple;
- also sunny bay-wlndo—r front room.
OCTAVIA, F07 — Furnished room to rent.
OAK. 246 — Furnished rooms to let.
j OCTAVIA, 501 — Sunny room to rent.
; O'FARRELL. 1491— Nicely furnished room In
] prlvat* family, suitable for two gentlemen.
OAK. 221— Nicely furnished small room to let.
i ~'~ '
[ O'FARRELL, 413 — Furnished rooms to let. ;
i' = i
O'FARRFLL. 7fi.T — Unfurnished front rooms.
O'FAURELL, 4C.T — Furnished rooms.
POLK. 1358 — Light, sunny, furnished rooms,
bcth double and single. |
POWELL,. 2024 — A sunny front room for I
gentleman, $10. |
' I PINE. 1006 — Furnished rooms.
I PINE. 068— Furnished room to let.
1 I POLK. 921— Rooms. '
I ______
I POLK, 6T.5 — Sunny furnished room.
PINE, 17;»3. block from Van Ness — Newly fur-
nlshed sunny room ; bath ; phone; reasonable.
POST, 713 — Sunny furnished rooms.
|
POWELL 506 — Nicely furnished room to rent. I
j
POST. 901— Sunny furnished room. • |
i POLK. 1243— Nicely furnished sunny rooms j
i I - to let. - I
• I PAGE. 27S— Furnished suite of roods; reason- J
I able. . >
I POWELL, ft — Sunny roonu
PEARL. 4 — Furnished room to let.
PEARL, 3 — Furnished rooms to let.
POWELL. 942— Furnjshed room. " j
POST. 412V4— Furnished sunny single room; |
good location; no car fare. )
POST, 408 — Nlcly furnished room*: hot arid
cold water; bath, phone; reasonable.
I POST, ."00 — Nice, large, furnished rooms; rea- r
j sonable price.
I POWKLU 2tii. bet. O'Farrcll and Geary — Sun-
j ny furnished room. $1.30 per week and up.
' POST, WCi — Large, sunny, well furnished
room, $14; also two single rooms, $S.
PINE, 174:1— Small sunny room, suitable for
younir man; excellent board If desired.
' PINE, 2020— Rcom to let.
POWELL. 1513 — Room to let.
PINK. 1735 near Van Ness — Elegantly fur- |
nlshed roo'm; electric light, etc.; reasonable. •
POST. 1551— Furnished room.
ROOMS FOU RENT.
' The Pacific Coast Room Renting Agency has •
opened offices at 2t>9 Post St. If you want a '
room, nulte cf rooms or flat call and s*e us.
We can furnish you fumlahed or unfurnished
rooms and sav» you time, trouble and money.
Full description, prices, etc.. phone John C591. '
'• ROYAL HOUSE. 12« Ellis— Incandescent lights;
i reading-room smoking-room and ladles' rar-
! lor- rooms p«r night. 33c to $1 60; week. $3 '
to $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor: rooms with hot and cold water: Datha.
RAUSCH, 91—1 furnished room. •;-':. \
RUSS, 17— Rooms to let.
RAUSCH, 8S — Furnished room to let; suit '
younc man.
RITCH, 12^ — 1 single room.
RITCH. 12 — Front room for two. x '.
RUSS, 164 — Furnlih;d rocms to let.
I _____________—_———_—_—_,
• RITCH. —iC — Roonis to let.
SACRAMENTO. 13SS — Nice- furnished sunny
parlor to let; new, modern flat; 2 gentlemen.
SA'CRAMENTO. 2414— Front room. '
SHIPLEY, 234 — Furnished room..
SECOND 27 — Furnished room to let.
| _ _ .
I STEVENSON. 83 — Furnished room to let.
I SOUTH PARK, 37 — Sunny furnished room to ;
■ 1 ' —
SOUTH PARK. 178 — 2. furnished rooms.
SIXTH, 320— Nice front furnished room to let.
STEVENSON, 554 — Furnished rooms.^
SUTTER. 427 — Furnished room to let.
SILVER. 143— Sunny furnished rooms to let.
STEVENSON. 781— Two furnished rocms to
let. - .
SIXTH, 224 — Nice furnished rooms; pleasantly '
situated. '■'"■'.
SEVENTH ave., KS — Sunny room.
BOO-!— TO XET — Para, and XTafura.
SIXTH, 520— Two unfurnished rooms.
SIXTH, 221 — Sunny rooms, double or slngls.
$1 25 up; also transient.
SUTTER. 2514 — Furnished rooms to good tea-
ant: reasonable.
STEVENSON. 562 — Nice, sunny fumlahed room-
rent reasonable. TVJt BERG.
STEVENSON. 511 — Furnished rooms.
SUTTER. 622 — Very large elegantly furai»_e4
room for two to let.
SHOTWELL. T22 — Furnished rooms to let.
SUNNY front room, to let. Apply 827}, Fol-
Eom st.
SANSOMB. 621— Rooms to let.
SACRAMENTO, 1106 — Rooms furnished, partly
furnished or unfurnished; cheap.
SECOND, 421 — A nice sunny furnished room
, to let: $8; private :
SECOND. 217 — Furnished rooms to 1»C
SUTTER. 423 — Furnished room to let.
SHOTWELL. 1138^ — Furnished room.
STEVENSON. 643— Furnished front room to
let.
SIXTEENTH, 2822— Sunny furnished room,
single or double.
SEVENTH. 236— Pleasant furnished room to
let.
• ~ ~_____T
SOUTH PARK, 60— Furnished rooms t» let.
SHOTWELL. 304— Furnished rooms to let.
SOUTH PARK, 1C9— Room to let with board.
i zzzz
SEVENTH, 140— Nicely furnished roomav
STOCKTON'. 1315— Rooms to let.
STEVENSON 797%, near Ninth— Nicely fur-
nished sinzle rooms; $1 23 week.
SOUTH PARK. 64B— Room to let.
I— -_-—-—-__-
STEVENSON. 534— Rooms to rant.
SEVENTEENTH. 416<J— Elegantly furnlahwl
large sunny room; gas. bath; piano; $2 week,
SEVENTH. 20G— 2 nicely furnished room* for
housekeeping. Apply after Monday.
SOUTH PARK. 13 — A nice sunny furnished
' room.
' V — — - — __»
SIXTH. Ml— Koom to let.
SHIPLEY. 197— Furnished room to let.
STEVENSON. 523'i— Room.
THE ST. KATHRYN CORNER ELLIS ANT>
LEAVENWORTH STS.— POSITIVELY TH_
SUNNIEST P.OOMS JN THE CITT: NEW
i SANITARY HAIR MATTRESSES BATHS,
i ELECTRIC LIGHTS TELEPHONE SERV-
ICE. HOT AND COLD WATER; EVERT
MODERN CONVENIENCE: ELEVATOR
ALL HOURS: ROOMS FROM $3 WEEK.
< TURK. 42 — Beautifully furnished sunny rooms.
I single and en suite, by day, week, month.
TURK, 123 — Clean, sunny furnished rooms,
with board; suite or single; housekeeping;
$5 ug.
TWENTY-SECOND. 10S6— Unfurnished rooms.
I TENTH. 123 — Furnished rooms to let.
TURK. 353 — Unfurnished rccra to let.
TEHAMA. 2C7— Nice sunny front room to let.
TEHAMA. 209 — A nice ruom to let.
TURK. 2013 — Furnished rooms to let.
THIRTEENTH. 270C— Large sunny room.
THIRD. 87— Frcnt room to let.
TURK. 419 (Hotel Reslna)— Elegantly fur
nlshed rooms with bath.
TAYLOR, 125— Furnished room to let.
TURK, 404 — Furnished room.
VALLEJO. 801— Furnished room.
VAN NESS ave.. 1021 — Nicely furnished rooms.
VAN NESS, 300— Furnished rooms.
TURK, 717 — Furnished rocm to let.
TEHAMA. 426 — Nicely furnished rooms slngla
or en suite. $5 to $10.
TO let — Two sunny front rooms: walking dis-
tance: reference. Box 3S13. Call office.
THIRD. 75 — Furnished rooms.
THIRD. 87— Rooms to let.
THIRD, 78 — Furnished rooms t© let.
THIRD. 231 — Furnished rooms to let.
THIRD. 308 — Nice furnished rooms; transient!
from 23c up; good location.
THIRD, 323^4— Furnished rooms.
TEHAMA. 168— Rooms to let.
THIRD, 230.' ccrner of Tehsfna — A nice sunny
room to let.
TEHAMA. 213 Vi — A nice sunny front room ta
let.
TAYLOR, 207— Room to let.
TURK. X16 — Large furnished room, suitable for
gentleman ; reasonable.
TIFFANY. 66— NlcAf furnished room.
TAYLOR. 709, near Sutter— Nice furnished
room for 1 or 2; fireplace; $9 month.
TURK. 816 — Single room for gentleman; pri-
vate family.
TAYLOR. 513B — South room, suitable 2: run-
ning water, clothes closet. $10: smaller. $8.
THIRD. 156— Nice sunny rooms.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddv. nr. Market — 400
rooms 38c to $1 night. $1 75 to $3 week: elec-
tric lights <no gas), nfcntnit water In every
room; elevator. read. -room: free bus: baggage.
VENDOME, 1104 Market— Fum. rooms suit*
or single; suites $3 week up. 15 Turk.
VALENCIA. 913— Furnished room.
VALENCIA. * 901 Vi— Furnished room.
VALLEJO. "CO— Rooms to let.
VAN NESS ave.. 30C— Rooms to let.
VAN NESS sve.. 31S — Two or thr*e furnish*!
rooms for hsekee: bath, phone, laundry.
WILLOW ave., 14. oft Larkln. nr. EJdy— Fur-
nished rf«ra for gentlemen.
WEBSTER, 1100— A sunny front rocm- north
of Market st.
WEBSTER. 1352— Nicely furnished front room.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d at., nr. Market-
Most can-enlent and respectable: 700 rooms:
S5c to Jl 50 nightly; $2 to tSvwk; elevator;
glee, lights; reading-room; free buj; baggage.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 10«i8 Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Oren until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church.
sooass azts boars.
sunny rooms, board: suites, with board for 'i.
$30 mo.; single, with board. $23 up; special
family rates; just renovated.
COMOItA «The). C21 O"Fsrrell — Everything of
the best; satisfactory rates; table, rooms,
service.
FRANKLIN. 11 Oft— Board and sunny rooms";
runnlns water; excellent table; reasoaabla.SOO1XS ASP BOAED- Contlaned. - \
LADY cr cestleman can have boarding in a ,
1-rtvat* family. i<£2 Gt-ary et. . •
- j
ROOMS anj beard. 1S15 Lagvna et.
BBXXX front r«,m to rent with board; terms
reasonable. Bex 2c;3a. Call office.
KI'DY. 7"— nocm end board.
OFARUELL, 1770— Rccm and beard In a I
Jewish family; terms reasonable.
HI.ljp. SI 4— Neatly furnished room and beard.
r-.t&onfitie. I
CALIFORNIA. P07— Bert rccrr.s, table and ser- j
vice in the city fcr the least money.
ELLIS. 453— Splcnfild single rooms with best
cf French table board; reasonable. <
XIOG3£S AX7D EOAKD WAJfTID.
GE.VT <6C). rood habits, intellectual : room In •
_C«W home; elderly party. Bex 3605. Call.
A YOUNG lawyer desires reasonable aecotn- j
rnodatlont. S.. box o5. Call. j
_ aooies wanted. !
2 FmxiEHED hcus^k^pinr rooms; 2 In fam-
lly : reasonable; walking diet- Box 3766. Call.
SEW XHO KACHUnCS AOT5 SUPPLIES.
THE chance of a lifetime to buy the best
sewing machine In the world at little price;
XV> have about 15O new White sewing ma-
chines that are s-iiclitly shopworn; we shall
cie«e them out at cnoe at from H to 1-3
usual price; also about 80 machines of all
other make?, good ae new, at from $5 to $13
*-aeh. at the new retail store of the White
Sewing Machine Co., 815 Market st.
ALL tr-akes; 23 hard, $2. $5. $7. $9; new,$4, $S:
Crop heads, 5 drawer, golden oak. $16; rented,
repaired- lowett rate*. National Automatic j
S M Co 145 Slxlh St.; tel. Jfsele 3736.
• : ■ ' — j
DOMESTIC— The rr.axrhlne for family use; best
Is cheapest; recond-hand all makes at any ,
price- all kinds rented lowest ratee. Domes-
tie office. 1021 Market gt.. near Sixth.
ALL kinds eecond-hand $3. $5, $S; slightly
. used $10. $15 $20; you know where the dolls
rwlr-g In the* window. 1051 Market st.
ALL kind* bought sold and repairing guaran-
teed. CHAE. PLAMBECK. 181B MU«lon St. ■
■ — i
STOSAOS AHD WAREHOUSES^
A— EMPORIUM Storage &. Van Co.; furniture, !
household roods stored, moved, shipped. 723-
731 Howard St.. cr. Third; phone Grant 161.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co., 10 Dru»ia St.; [
phone Mint 2841; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.; !
furniture mcved. packed, shipped and stored. .
FIERCE- RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
Oce Post and Powell sta.: tel. Prt. Ex. 571.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com- ■
pasy. 2320 Flllincre st.; phone Jackson 281. ;
rTJRN'ITURE moving at 1655 Devlsadero it. j
EEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery 1
ft-: tel. Main 1S40. Shipping et «-qt rates.
stop sxcrxxvG.
GUARANTEED cure; send 60c! tablet form, j
mailed In plain package: has cured thott--
e&nds. L. L. C. CO.. 417 Hayward blflg.. S.F.
TYPEWRITERS AJTP SUPPLIES.
- AN exceptionally rood No. 2 Remington. No. 1 '
Siu!th Premier. $25; other typewriters at t
• higher ana lower prices; rentals J2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange, 636 California Et.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired. .
WeUter Typewriting Inepec. Co.. MS Market.
TO LEASE. I
TO !ea« — 2 light, airy lefts; 2d and 3d floor: ;
fire l£x57:6 ft.; rented separately or as a
who'.* ; electric elevator; modern building; j
Second Et. liciir Market.
WAREHOUSE.
Tsvo-story brick warehouse, 91:8x120 feet; ,
electric elevator; situated on Townsend; '
railroad facilities; rent reasonable.
Etert and Basement, 161-1C3 First St.. cor- j
nrr cf Natorr.a.
Hotel to lease — A magr.iSeert new building. 1
to r - m>-. 17 bath?, private telephones; elec- j
trie elevator; down tewn; rent reasonable to i
good tenants; long lease; situated on Bush st.
BAGS. DEALEY & CO..
C3S Market Et., opp. Palace. :
DIVrDEET) NOTICES. j
HUMDOLDT Saving? Bank, now at €26 Market j
etrcet, cj.'po*.:te l'alace Hotel, for the half- |
year, eniing^ December 31, 1SK V 4, has declared •
a. dividend on deposits at the rate of three •
and one-quarter (3-/V) per cent, per annum. ;
fre* of Uixers j«yablt on and after ,Tue»- ;
Oty, January 3. IV >5.
W. E. PALMER, Cashier.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Central Trust Company,
12 Montgomery etreet — For the six months ;
eni:^g l*eenjber 31, 19<>4. dividends have ;
t«e*-n d^clarMi en the deposits in the savings
department of this company as follows: On i
term <Jej>o»its at the rate of 2 G-10 per eent
per annum, and on ordinary deposits at the i
rate of .'i 1 * per cent per annum, free from '
taxes ana pay&ble on and after Tuesday, i
January 3, 1305.
II. BRUNXER. Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice — &an Francisco and Subur-
ban Home Building Society. Sth floor. Mutual
£*v'.cg» Bank building. 70S Market at., cp-
poelte Third et. — For the half-year ending
December HI. Il'CH, a di\-ldend has been de-
clared at the rate per annum of ten (.10) per
cent on capital stock and participating cer-
tificates, free from taxes, payable en and
after Monday January 2. 1H01.
JOSEPH A. LEONARD. Manager.
J. M. DUKE. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— California Safe Deposit
and Trust Company, corner California and '
Mcntgcznery eta. — Fur the six months ending '
December 21. l!>04, dividends have been de-
clared on the deposits in the savings depart-
rnent cf this company as follows: On terra
deposits, at the rate of 3 6-10 per cent per
annum, and en crdinary depcslU at the rate
cf 3 per cent per annual, free of taxes, and
payable on and after Tuesday, January 3,
1905. J. DALZELL BROWN. Manager.
DIVIDEND notice — Mechanics' Savings Bank,
southwest corner Bush and Montgomery sts. —
For the half year endir.g with December 31,
1904. a dividend has been declared at the
rate cf three and cne-cjuarter (3V») per cent
per annum on all deposits, free of taxes, pay-
able on and after Tuesday, January 3, 1906.
Deposits bear interest from date received.
FREDERICK H. CLARK. Cashier.
DIVIDEND notice — Savings and Loan Society.
101 Montgomery St.. corner of Sutter. has
declared a dividend for the term ending
December 21. 1904. at the rate of three and
ene-quartw <8^> per cent per annum on all
deposits, free cf taxes and rayabl? on and
after January- 2. 1905. CYRUS W. CAR-
MAXT, Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice — San Francisco Savings
Union. &32 Cal'Iorcla st., cor. Webb — For the
baif-j-ear endicg with the 31st cf December.
1«>4, a dividend hac been declared, at the
rate per annum cf three and one -calf (3H)
per ceet cm tens depot Its. and three (3) per
cent on ordinary deposits, free of taxes,
txayable on and after Tuesday. January 3,
HJOa. LOVELL WHITE. Cacftler.
rrVTDEND NOTICE— Mutual Eavlngs Bank of
Ean Francisco. 710 Market st. — For the half-
year ending December 31. 1904, a dividend
has l-een declared at the rate of three and
one-quarter <3Vi) per cent per annum on all
t.fpct'.tt, fre* of taxes, payable on and after
Tue*<Iay, January 3 1905. GEORGE A.
STORY, cafhler.
THE CsBttocstal Buildlnir and Loan Associa-
tion of S-'Jl California st., San Francisco,
bas declared a dividend for the six months
endir.g December 31, 1&04, of 5 per cent per
tnaum c:: ordinary deposits; t per cent on
term deij'-.fits and 7 per cent on class "F"
Installment stock. DR. WASHINGTON
Dodge. rre*!<3»-tii; WM. CORBIN. secretary.
FRENCH Savins* Bank— Fcr the six month*
ending December 31. 1904. a dividend has
been declared et the rate of three and one-
Quarter <3'.i) ptr cent j>er annum on all <>-
posits, free cf tax»«. payable on or after
January 3. 11*05. LEON BOCQUERAZ. sec-
retary.
DIVIDEND Notice — The German Savings and
Loan Society. 6T6 California «t. — For the
fcalf-y*sr er.dlr.ir December :iL 1904. a divi-
dend has betn declared at the rate of three
and cce-<juarttr <S^4) per cent per annum
en all dejv-sit?. free of taxes, payable on
sr.ti after Tu.-#<!ay. January 3 1905
GEORGE TOURNY'. Secretary-
■-■"'■■ ■ ■
THE regular monthly dividend of 5 cents per
share on the preferred tr.-.. k of th» United
Milk Company is new r<ayabie at th* office !
cf tH*> con.j.ary at 524 Montgomery «" * !
I.EOAI. yOTICES.
NOTICE— Offloe of Insurance Commissioner
State of Califd-cla, San Francisco. Septem-
ber 17. 1904.— To Whom It Mey Concern:
Pursuant to the requirements of fsectlon 595
of the Political Code, nctlce is hereby given
that the Thuringia Insurance Company of
Erfurt. Germany, has surrendered its cer-
tificate of authority previously granted by
this department, thus withdrawing from
business in this State, and eaid company is
no longer authorized to transact bustncsi
therein. E. MYRON TVOLF.
Insurance Commissioner.
£AN FRANCISCO. Cal.. Dec. 15, 190*._ To
whom it may concern: Be It hereby known
that the copartnership heretofore exlttinr
. between D. J. O'HARA and F. J. MONa*
HAN. under the firm name of MONAHAN
O'HARA & CO.. Is hereby dissolved. The
eaid D. J. O'HARA withdrawing from the
said concern and hi* came discontinued.
DAXIEL J. O'HARA, F. J. MONAHAN.
STUTTEBZKG AND STAMSIEEIKD.
nxPAN^IC^'oi^iEl^U^N^^CHOOLS— i
Downtown. 521 Franklin, near McAllister, 8 !
to 12. Open-air school, 810 Diamond St.: tel. ■
Capp 5173: 1 to 5 p. m. Details at either. ;
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses were issued yesterday as |
follows: :
Frank E. Rodolph. 23, 1770 Pzcifle avenue, j
and Mita Hibbard. 32, 5C3 Baker street.
Frank O. Meister. 42. 1714 Polk street, and j
Vinule Cavalier. 34. 1714 Polk street. 1
Thomas J. .Wardlaw. 27. Sacramento, and I
Bertha M. Lacgon, 23, 524 Va Turk street. j
William A. Colburn. 24, 413 Leavenworth
street, and Minnie A Iversen. 24, 413 Leaven-
worth Etreet.
Arthur F. Furlong, 32. Caspar, and Annie
G. Dougherty, 23. BOO Jones street.
Byron McDonald, 26, 706 Duboce avenue,
and Mignon Ju<J«on, 23, 662 Waller street.
Gustave J. Kasllng, 35, 1927 Mission street,
and Isabella O. Carrlck 81. 1277 Bush etreet.
Ralph A. Meinberger, 21, 3161 Twenty-fourth
«re«?t. and Estelle M. Elliott, IS, 3216 Twenty-
fourth street.
William A. Beott, 24, 1335 Mason street, and
Frieda M. Kluge. 20, Batavla, 111.
Claude M. Weaver, 26, 756 Bush street, and
Emma Parker. 26, Philadelphia.
William P. Long, 33. 6«* Turk street, and
Felicie M. Berard. $2, 621 Lombard street.
George J. Ohnlmus, 21, 2966 Twenty-eecond
street, and Alice E. Carlisle. 18. Tulare.
William Hocking. 21, Sacramento, and Llllie
M. Gregory, 20, Sacramento.
Lulgl FaeEano, 29, 414 H Vallejo street, and
Carraella Gallo, 22, 7 Bartol place.
Victor Marandette, 27, 725 Sansome street,
and Hortense C&chau, 24, 725 Sansome street.
Richard Pelletlerl, 23, 531 Montgomery ave-
nue, and May O'Neill, 19, Crockett.
J. Frank Schmidt. 33, 852 Larkin street,
and Flossie Lyman. 20, 213 Perrv street.
George B. McQulgg, 36. 156 Fourth street,
find Frances F. McKenna. 36, 628 Valencia st.
Edwin S. Yantl*. 29, Santa Cruz, and Lydla ,
E. Munson, 27. RoseburR, Or. 1
Charles A. McPherson, 28, 933 Mission »t. i
and Jennie Ehannan, 23.^1307 Green street. i
Frederick W. Heckmann. 32. 41 Bartiett St., '
and Gertrude M. Ledden. 31, St. Louis. Mo.
Charles L. Brown, 23, city, and Mattie L. j
Berry. 21, city. . (
John C. Mackenzie, 25. 720 Tennessee street, j
and Helen McGregor, 24, 524 Arkansas street.
BIRTHS— MARR1 AGES— DEATHS '
Birth, marriage and death notices eent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
son* authorised to have the same published. 1
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published ence in this column
free of charge.
BORX.
BARDET— In this city. December 18, 1904,
to the wife of George A. Bardet. a son.
BARRON— In Oakland, Cal., December 12,
1904, to the wife of James G. Barren, a son.
OONWAY— In this city, December 23, 1904,
to the wife of William Conway. a daughter.
HARNEY— In thle city. December 15, 1904,
to the wife of Thomas F. Harney, a son.
HOLLIS— In this city. December 9. 1904, to
the wife of Seth A. Hollls. a son.
STANLEY— In Palo Alto, Cal., December 16.
1904. to the wife of Edw. J. Stanley, a
daughter.
MARRIED.
ALLISON— ROTHRICK— In this city, Decem-
ber 24, 1904, by the ReT. Edwin F. Brown,
Henry H. Allison and Sarah F. Rothrlck.
both of this city.
BUCKLEY— RUGGLES— In this city, Decem-
ber 23 1904, by the Rev. G. A. Bernthal.
William J. Buckley of Rio Vista and Mary
Ruggies of Sacramento.
GILL— NELSON— In this city. December 22.
1004, by the Rev. H. H. Bell, James Lyle
GUI and Jeanie M. Nelson, both of this city.
HOCKING— GREGORY— In this city, Decem-
ber 24, 1904, by the Rev. Edwin F. Brown,
WUllam Hocking and Llllle May Gregory,
both of Sacramento.
NEWELL— HAYDEN— In this city, December
14. l»04. by the Rev. I. C. Meserve, Arthur
D. Newell and Ruby L. Hayden.
EUDALL— HARPER— In this city, December
10. 1904. by the Rev. L. C. Eanford. Joseph
Sudall of Accrington, England, and Mary
L. S. Harper of this city.
URMY— WATKINS— In this city, December
24, 1904. at the First M. E. Church, by the
Revs. W. S. Urmy and Edwin F. Brown.
William H. Urmy and Edna A. Watklne,
both of this city.
WARDLAW— LANGON— In thie city Decem-
ber 24, 1904. by the Rev. Paul Branke,
Thomas J. Wardlaw and Bertha M. Langon,
both of thl« citv.
WELLS— PETERSEN— In this city. December
20. 1904, by the Rev. Edwin F. Brown,
Charles J. Wells and Elizabeth Fetersen.
both of this city.
DIED.
Abbey, Frances J. — 79 lKlngsley. Elizabeth — 59
Alexander. Edith— 21 Lagan Rev. Hugh — 52
Berthier. Albert C— 51 Manglnl. Teresa— «3
Black. Daniel — 50- McCaflery, Catherine —
Blumenfleld Chalm — 42 70
Borkman. Pauline — 51 McCarthy, E. P. — 17
Brede, Paul — 37 Meagher, Jeremiah— 56
Cullen. Paul A. Mulhern. John — 37
Danioth. Henry — 75 Murphy, Anna B. — 19
Dent, John J. — 43 Rupprecht. Herminie O.
Doblin, Jacot Stone, Matilda B.
Gardet, Victor — 63 Suclch, Peter — 66
Golden, Lucy J. — 81 Treacy, Mary Alice — 19
Hindman.James C— 53;Whtte. Edward — 64*
Hcnan, Katie— S3 • IZeckendorf, Hortense —
Jasperson, Alma — 38 <& years
ABBEY— In Oakland. Cal.. December 24, W04.
at the home of her daughter, 1200 Fourteenth
street. Frances Jane Abbey, beloved mother I
of Mrs W. J. C. Wright and Edgar W. Ab-
bey, a native of England, aged 79 years 11
months and 4 days. •
ALEXANDER— In this city, December 23.
1904. at the residence of her parents, 61
Scott etreet, corner Lloyd, Edith, dearly be-
loved and only daughter of Robert J. and
- EUzabeth J. Alexander, a native of San !
Francisco, aged 21 years 5 months and 23
days. •
BERTHIER— In this city. December 24, 1904,
Albert C. Berthler,- aged 51 years. A mem-
ber of San Francisco Aerie No. 5, F. O. B.
ET'Notlee of funeral hereafter.
BLACK— In this city, December 23. 1904, Dan-
iel Black, a native of Ireland, aged 50 years
6 months and 23 days.
E7"Remalns at the mortuary chapel of the
Golden Gate Undertaking Company, 2475
MUsion street, near Twenty-first.
BLUMENFIELD— In . this ctty, December 23.
1904. Chalm. beloved husband of Fannie
Blumenfleld. and father of Sarah, Yeta,
Tony, Freda and Adale Blumenfield, a na-
tive of Roumania, aged 42 years.
CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fuUy Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 10 a. m., from the family resi-
dence. 216U Langton street. Interment
Eternal Home Cemetery-
BORKMAN/— In this city, December 24, 1904,
PauUne, beloved wife of Adolph Borkman,
and sister of Henry Spuller, a native of
New York, aged 51 years 9 months and 1
day. (Colusa papers please copy.) . 1
ETFriends can view the remains at the
parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission
etreet, between Seventh and Eighth, to-day
(Sunday), until 8:30 p. m. Interment Co-
lusa, Colusa County. Cal.
BREDE— In this city, December 24, 1904, Paul
Brede, a native of Kiel, -Germany, aged 37
years.
CULLEN— In this city, December 24. 1904,
Paul A., beloved eon of the late William
Cullen, and brother ft John J., Mary E.,
Theresa and Annie D. Cullen, a native of
Washington.
E7" Remains at the parlors of Henry J.
Gallasher Undertaking Company, 20 Fifth
etreet.
DANIOTH— In this city, December 24, 1904,
Henry Danioth, a native of Switzerland,
as«d 75 years.
DENT— In this city. December 24, 1004, John
J.. beloved husband of Lizzie Dent, son
of Patrick and the late Mary Dent, "and
brother of Mrs. Edward Allen. Mrs. Alice
Yell and Daisy Dent, and the late Robert,
William and James Dent and Mrs. Jane
Klmball, a native of San Francisco, aged
43 yesrs.
DOBLIN — In San Jose, Cal.. December 22
1&04. Jacot, beloved husband of Bertha
Doblin, and father of May Doblin. a native
of Germany.
GARDET— In this eity, December 23 1904,
Victor Gardet, beloved husband of Leontlne
Gardet, a native of France, aged 63 years
1U months and 2 days.
EJTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday.
December 26, at 12:30 p. m., from the par-
lors of Julius S. Godeau, 810 Van Ness
avenue, thence to Masonic Hall, where
cervices will be held under the auspices of
La Parfalte Union Lodge No. 17. F.. and
A. M.
GOLDEN— In Oakland. Cal., December 24
1604, Lucy J. Golden, beloved mother of Mr
and Mrs. D. C. Golden, Mrs. E. H. Craw- 1
ford and Mrs. Ella Gibson, a native of Ver- !
roont. aged 61 years 4 months and 17 days.
HENRY J. CALLACHER CO.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EliHALMERS
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. •
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
Funeral Directors and Embalmers — j
Formerly in Metropolitan Temple, I
NOW at 866 MISSION. Tel. South 187. T . j
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth et.
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates.
Tel. Mission 3L, »
F. J. M0NAHAN
FUNERAL DIRECTOR AND EMBALMER,
2339-2341 Mission St.. near Nineteenth,
San Francisco, r
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. DECEMBER 25, 1904.
HINDMAN— In this city. December 23. 1004.
James C, dearly beloved husbacd «f Jennie
Hindman, loving father of Ruth Hindman.
Mrs. Charles Bowen and Mrs. James Cooney.
and grandfather of Edna Mae Bowen, a na-
tive of Edinburgh. Scotland, aged 53 years.
HONAN— In this city December 24. 1904,
Katie, beloved wife of William P. Honan.
and loving mother of Bernadette, Ethel, Wil-
lie and May Hor.an: beloved daughter of
Mrs. Kate Collins and the late Timothy Col-
lins, sister or Peter and the late Timothy
Collins and Mrs. A. Mullan, Mrs. T. P.
Cusick and Mrs. J F. Moore, and niece Of
P«ter Collins, a native of Burlington. Vt.,
aged SS years.
IC7"Krienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 a m..,from the residence
of her mother, 515 Folsom street, thence to
St. Brendan's Church, Harrison and Fremont
streets, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, at 9
a- m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
JASPERSON— In this city. December 24. 1004.
Alma, beloved husband of Margarete Jasper-
eon, father of Lionel. Myrtle, Ivy and George
Jasperson, and brother of Mortimer Jasper-
son, Mrs. R. C. Penrose, Mrs. Richard Pen-
rose and Mrs. William Jones, a native of
Utah, aged 39 years 3 months and 9 days.
KINGSLET— In this city, December 23, 1&04,
Elizabeth, beloved wife of the late Peter
Kingsley. and mother of Mrs. Elizabeth
Hennessey, Mrs Mary Young, and Thomas
H.. William and Joseph Kingsley, a native
of County Down, Ireland, aged 59 years
11 months and 29 days.
LAGAN— In this city. December 23, 1904,
Rev. Hugh Lagan, brother of Dr. John and
Bernard Lagan, and uncle of Drs. Edward
and Hugh Lagan, a native of Maghera,
County Derry, Ireland, aged 52 years.
E7"The funeral will take place Monday,
December 2ti, at 10 a. m., from Sacred Heart
Church, corner Fillmcre and Keli streets,
where a solemn requiem high mass will be '
celebrated for the repese of his soul. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MANGINI— In this city, December 23, 1904,
Teresa Manglnl, dearly beloved wife of Gla-
corao Manglni, mother of Joseph and Fred-
erick Mancrinl and Mrs. Louise Zazzl, and
grandmother of Irene Manglnl, a native of
Italy, aged 63 years 5 months and 7 days.
CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 a. m., from her late resl-
denoe, 1711 Dupont etreet. Interment Italian
Cemetery.
Officers and members of Golden Gate Cir-
cle No. 234, C. of F. of A. O. F.— You are
hereby notified to attend the funeral of our
late companion. Teresa Manglnl, to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 a. m., at her late resi-
dence. 1171 DuDont street.
ROSB TENNESON. Chief Companion.
6ELMA LINDELL, Financial Secretary.
McCAFFERT — In this city, December 23, 1904,
Catherine, wife of James McCafTery, a mo-
tive of County Tyrone, Ireland, aged 70
years. .
McCARTHT— In this city, December 24, 1&04,
Edward P., eldest eon of John and Frances
McCarthy, a natrve of San Francisco, aged
17 years.
MEAGHER— In this city, December 22. 1904.
Jeremiah, dearly beloved husband of Ellen
Meagher, devoted father of Dr. Joseph F.
and George J. Meagher, and devoted brother
of Mrs. Marguerette Cullen, a native of Tip-
perary, Ireland, aged 56 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 a. rn., from his late resi-
dence, 26 Tilden street, off Castro, between
Fifteenth and Sixteenth, thence to Holy Re-
deemer Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his coul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MULHERN — In the City and County Hospital.
December 24, l»04. John Mulhern, a native
of California, aged 37 years.*
MURPHY— In this city, December 22, 1904.
Anna Belle Murphy, beloved daughter of
Thomas and the late Kate Murphy, and
loving sister of William, Frank, Agnes and
the late Josephine. Harry and Nellie Mur-
phy, a native of San Francisco, aged 19
years and 4 months.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), a: 12 o'clock from her late resi-
dence, 736 Willow avenue, between Buchan-
an and Webster, thence to Church of 8t.
John the Evangelist, Et. Mary's avenue, be-
tween Mission street and Marslly avenue,
for services at 1 p. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
RUPPRECHT— In Haywards, ■ Cal., December
23, 19(U, Herminie O.. ! beloved wife of John
Rupprecht. and mother of Charles, Minnie
and Elsie Rupprecht. a native of Hanover,
Germany.
IC7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 o'clock p. m., from her late
residence at Haywards, Cal. Interment Lone
Tree Cemetery.
STONE: — In this city, December 24, 190*. Ma-
tilda Bertody Stone, widow of the late Rev.
Dr. A. L. Stone. (New York and Boston
papers please copy.)
{CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
SUCICH— In this city. December 24, 1904,
Peter Suclch, beloved husband of Mary
Jane Suclch, a native of Austria, aged CO
years. A- member of the Austrian Benevo-
lent Society. '. .•• - •-• - • --■
(CTRemalns at the parlors of Valente, Ma-
rini & Co.. 1524 Stockton street.
TREACY— In this city, December 23, 1904,
Mary Alice, eldest and beloved daughter of
Thomas J. and Sarah Ann Treacy, and sister
of Annie Patrick and Thomas Treacy, a na-
tive of England, aged 19 years 7 months and
3' days.
JCTTriend* and acquaintances are respect-
• fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10:30 a. m., from the residence
of her parents. 3139 San Jose avenue, near
Ocean View. Interment Cypress Lawn Cem-
etery.
WHITE— In this city. December 23. 1904, Ed-
ward White, a native of Ireland, aged 64
years.
tCT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 a. m., from' the parlors
of McAvoy & Co., 1239 Market street, thence
to St. Joseph's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
ZECKENDORF— In this city. December 23,
1904, Hortense Zcckendorf, beloved daughter
of Hugo A. and Rebecca Zeckendorf, a na-
tive of Tucson, Arizona, aged 0 years 8
months and & days.
Good Old Custom.
In Newcastle, England, the Mayor
enjoys the privilege of once a year be
ing allowed to .select and kiss any
young woman who takes his fancy
among the coal city's inhabitants. The
kiss is rather costly, however, for It is
the custom to present the young per
son kissed with a sovereign ($5), while a
further gift is made her by the lady
Mayoress, no doubt to disprove jeal
ousy. The Sheriff, no't to be outdone,
also bestows a kiss upon a fair by
stander, at the same rate of expendi
ture. The occasion is known as Barge
day, when the Mayor and corporation
proceed in a procession of four gayly
decorated steamers and two old stake
barges to claim the soil of the river
Tyne. Their Journey over, the Mayor
stands upon the boundary stone, and It
is here that the kissing is indulged In. —
Exchange.
3Iarylander Grows Seedless Grapes.
George B. Snively, a horticulturist, of
Shady Grove, Washington County, has
succeeded In "producing a seedless
grape. He hopes to be able to grow
the new grape to a large size. Several
years ago he bepaji grafting ■ various
varieties of grapes with a definite end
in view and this year one vine, which
is well developed, • has - a number o£
bunches of grapes on it which are
without seeds. The vine also bears
grapes containing seeds, but each year
that the vine has borne fruit the num
ber of seedless bunches has steadily
increased and Mr. Snively believes that
ultimately the grapes will all be with
out seeds. The seedless grapes, while
smaller. In size than the ones contain
ing seeds, are of superior flavor,—Balti
more Sun.
An Independent Dresser.
Countess Cassini, niece of the Russian
Embassador to this country, persistent
ly refuses to adopt the short walking
skirts which have come into a consider
able degree of favor of. late. So far
from taking to the "trotters," as they
are called, the sprightly Russian has
amazed even the ultrafashionable by
the length of her trains and the great
size of her hats. Picture hats worn
by American matrons pale to insigni
ficance beside the enormous headgear
of the Czar's piquant subject. Their
trailing frocks look like walking skirts
alongside the stupendous trains of the
Counters. . One of- her favorite com
binations Is a purple gown, with a black
hat so large that one wonders how" she
balances It on her vivacious head. An
other of her striking hats is a big
plaque of green straw, adorned with
a wreath' of Jonquils.-^-Chicago Chron-'
icle.
WIT AND HUMOR
GLEANED FROM
MANY SOURCES
Spendthrift Son— Father, do you want
me to go through college?
Discouraged Father — You- might as
■well. You've gone through everything
else.— PittBburg Press.
His Neighbor— Want to go to Chi
cago, do you? What put that Into your
head? '
Indiana Young Man— Well, I've got
to do something, and I ain't no. good at
wrltln' novels.— Pittsburg Press.
The Man — What made you think I
was a candidate for office?
The Kid— Judging from de size of dat
paper, I fought you was wrltln' a let
ter of acceptance. — Philadelphia Tele
graph.
"Bridget, you must be more careful
with your dusting. I declare I could
write my name upon the piano." '
" 'Deed, ma'am, it's yerself has the
gran' eddycayshun!" — Town and Coun
try.
"Yes, she's pretty, but a poor conver
sationalist; she seldom savs a word. I
can't understand why so many men
propose to her."
"I can," sighed Henpeck. — Houston
Post. ..
Ted— It's., easier to speak to a man
than to a woman.
; Ned— I guess you've never been in
love with a girl and tried to scrape up
courage to ask her father's consent.—
Town Topics. . -
Young— Wonder why it Is they call
the man who stands up with the groom
the best man at a wedding?
Elder— It means that he Is the best
off; he's the one who Isn't marrled.you
know.— Boston Transcript.
Stout Old Gent In the Street Car.—
Now, then, sir, what are you doing
with your hands in' my pocket?
Henry the Hustler— 'Sorl right, boss!
I thought as 'ow the conductor 'ad give
ycr a nickel short— Toledo Blade.
"Oh." sneered the self-important
lawyer -who was cross-examining, "you
think you know it all, don't you?"
"Not Quite," replied, the witness. "Fot
Instance, I don't know how you man
age to secure an occasional client"—
Chicago News.
Gertrude— Do you think a woman Is
justified In using; deception In order to
secure a husband? :
Frances— For mercy's sake, how do
you ever expect a woman" Is going to
get married, I should like to know?—
Philadelphia Press.
Mrs. Dobbs—How is your new
neighborhood?
Mrs. Dlbbs — Oh. Just like the other
one; all the rich people talk poor,
and all the poor people talk rich. —
Puck.
Miss Hunt — Do you know anything
about baseball. Mr. Staylate?
Mr. Staylate — -Yes, indeed. I was
considered the beat amateur short
stop In the country a few years ago.
Miss Hint— Well. -I never would
have thought lt-rrAugusta- Herald.
"Why are you bo late, George?" '.;■
"Been down to the club playing poker
for sweetheart stakes."
"What a horrid idea!". -
"Here's your share, my dear — $23."
: "What a lovely ,Gustom!"-*Cleveland
Plain Dealer.
"Is my husband's case serious, doc
tor?" . ... !\
"It Is very grave, madam. I have
left an opiate."
"How. often shall I give It to him?"
"He needs absolute rest and quiet.
Don't give it to him. Take It your
self." — Collier's Weekly.
"Why is Harkins ruahing around
so excitedly?"
"Why, he says his baby is finan
cially embarrassed."
"Get out! How could a baby be
financially embarrassed?"
"Oh, he swallowed a cent, you
know." — Dally Kennebec Journal.
"Marryins an .extravagant woman
has been the making of many a man,"
remarked Mrs: Jobkins. "He feels the
need of more money." ■
"Yes," returned Mr. Jobkins, "that's
all right if it don't drive him to drink
in the meantime."— Baltimore Ameri
can. Jv-'; * •
Vacationists homeward plod their
weary way,
And leave the bills. to future or to
Pap;
The breezy call of muscle- wracking
. da y»
The cook's shrill clarion deprives
them of a nap.
—Rochester. Herald.
"Miss Dashem must .be a very
clever girl. The other evening I
heard her talking some strange lan
guage with young Sof mohr. I think
It was Greek." •■
"Oh. no. It wasn't Greek. Most
likely it was boarding-house slang." —
Cleveland Leader.
"You look hot," said Slnnick. "One
would think you j had been running a
race." ....
"Well," replied Falker, the reporter,
"I have been chasing around to-day,
for a fact."'
"For a fact? What possible use
could you have for a fact?"— Catholic
Times and Standard.
The sporting editor of the Dally
Bread was acting: temporarily as an
swers-to-correspondents man.
A note from "Constant Header" con
taining the query "What do the letters
'D. D.' mean?" was handed to him.
"Dollars to doughnuts," he wrote in
reply, without a moment's hesitation.—
Chicago Tribune.
"Thank goodness!" said Mrs. Young
wife, "I've got the worst of my Bprihg
cleaning done. I got my husband to
clean out, the cellar, take up the car
pets and—"
"Oh, then he didn't, go to the office
to-day," remarked Mrs. Naybor.
"No, he said he felt so miserable this
morning I Just wouldn't let him."—
Catholic News and Standard.
Cltlman — You've been living In the
suburbs so long, I -suppose you've had
considerable ' experience with servant
girls. ' '>■■-, ■-,.■ ,-.;::/.;; ■ .■...■
Sub bubs— Well, It's got so that
when my wife is ■ interviewing an ap
plicant now she always begins by ask
ing:, "Were you ever . employed by ' me
before ? If ' so, when . arid for ■ how
long ?"— Philadelphia Press. ,
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
No quotations from the East — exchanges closed.
All local exchanges closed until Tuesday.
Local bank clearings 1 gain $7,400,000 over last year.
Potatoes/ Onions and Vegetables plentiful and quiet.
Butter very weak at lower prices. Eggs tending downward.
Turkey market firm; well cleaned up. Game active; higher.
Fruit market quiet, with large supplies of Oranges.
Provisions dull and featureless.
Standard Oil issues new prices for Candles.
To-morrow a legal holiday throughout the country.
No Eastern Markets.
Yesterday being a close day throughout the
country, there were no quotations from the
Eastern exchanges. ' . . .
Bank Clearings.
Local Bank Clearings for th« week Ju§t
ended, compared with the corresponding week
of last year, show an Increase of $7,417,418,
being $30,879.27§ sgalnst $23,481,860 In 1903.
The clearings for the same week In 1903 wers
$24,616,264. . *
Wine Exports. In November.
; The OBports of Wine from San Francisco by
sea in November, 1904, were aa follows:
To — Gallon*. Cabes Value*
England 17,681 60 $7,950
Hawaiian Islands .... 49.145 96 22.679
Tahiti 6.540 ; .. 1.723
Mexico 6.067- 17 2,567
Central America .... 8,444 100 3,551
Panama... 5,606 6 1.838
Colombia 4»6 .. 248
Ecuador 920 .. 467
British Columbia .... 2.020 30 728
China ; 7,819 1 2.820
Japan 0,050 1 2.730
East Indies 810* 4 462
Samoan Islands 204 1 120
New York 793,954 .. ■ 259,302
Elsewhere 9 - 32
Totals .905.958 331 $307,213
In November, 1903, the exports were 866.618
gallons and 294 cases, valued at $133,052. The
shipments to Xew York that month were
277.511 gallons and 1 case, valued at $93,743.
Associated Banks' Statement.
XEW YORK, Dec 24.— The statement of
averages of the clearing-house banks of this
city for the week shows:
Loans ? 1.067. 430. 200, decrease $2,827,500;
deposits $1,094,115,600, decrease $2,002,000; cir
culation $42.S66,rKK), Increase $38,400; legal
tenders $78,370,600, Increase $937,200; specie
$210,405,500, decrease $737,100; reserve $288,
770.100, Increase $200,100; reserve required
$273,528,875, decrease $500,500; surplus $15.
247,225, increase $700,600; ex-United States de
posits $21,055,050, increase $703,800.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Xew York Money Market.
XEW YORK, Dec. 24.— Money on call was
nominal; no loans. Time loans were nominal,
with sixty days', ninety days' and six months'
bills at 3%@3V4 per cent. Prime mercantile
paper, 4®4i4 per cent. Sterling exchange was
nominal, with actual business In bankers' bills
at $4.8715^1.8720 for demand and at $4.8460(9
4.S46B for sixty-day bills. Posted rates,
$4 S3V&&4 SS. Commercial bills, $4 S4H-
CATTLE, SHEEP AND HOGS.
Chlcaso.
CHICAGO, Dec. 24.— CATTLE— Receipts,
2000; steady. Good to prime steers, $6 20-3
6 60; poor to medium, $3 85®5 90; stockers
and feeders, $2 20©4 25; cows, $1 85@4 60;
heifers. $2g5: canners', $1 33@2 40; bulls,
?2«?4 10; calves, $3 6036 50. *
HOGS— Receipts, 9000; Monday. 23.000: mar
ket stronger. . Mixed and butchers', $4 30®
4 KH; good to choice heavy, $4 50@4 60;
rough heavy. $4 30<g>4 40; light, $4 S5@4 45;
bulk. $4 35@4 43.
SHEEP — Receipts, 2000: sheep, strong:
lambs, steady. Good to choice wethers, $4 60
©5 20; fair to choice mixed.* $3 83Q4 73; West
ern sheep. $4®5 15: native lambs, $5<Jp7; West
ern lambs, $536 75.
Omaha.
OMAHA, Xebr.. Dec 24.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts. 100; unchanged.- - ■• ■
HOGS — Receipts, 6500; shade higher. Heavy,
$4 40f4 45; mixed, $4 4Og4 42%; light.
|4 42H@4 47%; pigs, $4&4 40; bulk of sales.
$4 40®4 42%. ■ ■ ■ ■
SHEEP — Receipts^ none; nominally ; un
changed and steady.
Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY, Dec. 24.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 100; market unchanged. .
HOGS— Receipts, 200; strong to 5c higher.
No sheep.
IX)CAIi MARKETS,
(Note. — As the Grain Exchange stands ad
journed until Tuesday there are no quotations
to-day for grain -and their- products. There
will be no business In anything on Monday.)
Exchange and Bullion. -
LOCAL. ,
Bterllhg Exchange, sixty days.. $4 85 & —
: Sterling Exchange, sight 4 87U& —
Sterling Exchange, cables 4 87%0 —
New York Exchange, sight .... 02H9 —
New York Exchange, telegraphlo 03 <§ —
Bllver, .per ounce 60%©. —
Mexican Dollars 60 @ SI
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Paris 6.15%
New York on Mexico 202? j
Paris on London 25.15
Berlin on London 20.37%
Potatoes. Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes continued very quiet, trade still
being of a holiday character, and the quota
tions for Burbanks were unchanged. Some
extra fancy Sweets that had been stored In
the cellars were on sale and sold promptly at
$1 per cental, while ordinary offerings moved
slowly at C5@65c. Onions have been very
quiet of late and the principal handlers have
cut the prices In order to dispose of the ac
cumulation.
Offerings of southern vegetables were liberal
and Included the bulk of Friday's belated ar
rivals. Beans, Peas, Tomatoes and Summer
Squash were lower and there was quite a sur
plus unsold at the . close.
POTATOES — Burbanks from the rfver, 40©
80c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks, $1 15© 1 45 per
ctl; Oregon Burbanks, 75cSl 10 per ctl; River
Reds. 60S70c per. ctl; Early Rose. $1 10® 1 23
per ctl; Sweet Potatoes, C5c@81 per ctl.
ONIONS— ?2 30®2 50 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. 6®7c per lb;
String; Beans, G@Sc per lb; Wax Beans, 8®
9c ; Tomatoes, $1 50{?2 per box or crate; Sum
mer 3qua6h. 75c@$l per box; Hothouse Cu
cumbers, $1©1 25 per dozen; Cabbage 50g per
ctl; Carrots, 50@65c per sack; Garlic, 7©8c per
?b; Egg Plant, 6S8c per lb for southern: Dried
Peppers, romlnal; Green Peppers, 5c per lb
for southern; Mushrooms. IO&IGo per lb; Mar- |
rowfat and Hubbard Squash. $8910 per ton.
Poultry and Game.
Receipts of Callfornlan dressed Turkeys were
only 40 cases and. aa there was very little
carried-over stock on hand; the market con
tinued firm and thr best lots brought a slight
advance. The market was not excited, how
ever, as the high prices checked the demand
for domestic stock and retailers turned their
attention to Eastern chilled, which was offer
ing freely at reasonable prices. Stocks on
hand at the close consisted of a few odd lots
of poor stock, which would be hard to sell
under the most favorable conditions. Live
Poultry was quiet but steady, there being very
little stock on hand. A car of Western falls
due to-morrow.
Trade In Game was active and there was a
general advance In prices of Wild Ducks and
Geese.
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys. - 23©2Sc per lb
for local and 20£23c for Eastern; Live Tur
keys, 21©23c per lb; Geese, per pair,
f2@2 25; Goellngs. $2 25#2 ftO; Ducks, $5$ 8
per dozen for • old and $6®7 for young-
Hens,- S-ltf t 50 for small and $5 50@6 for large;
young Roosters. $5 50S6; old Roosters. $40
4 50; Fryers, $4 0OS5; Broilers, . S2 60£3 50;
Pigeons. $1 25: Squabs. $1 7502.
GAME — Mallard Ducks, «@4 50 per down;
Canvasback. $335: Teal. $1 23: Sprig. $2@3;
Widgeon. $1 25<gl 50; Red Heads. 52 50; small
Ducks. $1 25@1 60; Gray Geese. $3; White
Geese, $1 25§1 50; Brant. »1 2502; Honkers.
$3&5; Snipe. $2 50 lor English and $1 50 for
common: Doves, .$125; Hare, $1 75; Rabbits.
$2 for Cottontails and $1 50 for Brush. ,
■ Butter, Choose and Egss.
Tfce Butter market broke yesterday. Only
a' fe\f dealers quoted 25c, moat of them quot
ing 23@24c, while one houae offered fine
creamery for delivery early next week at 22c.
Th© reasons for the decline were a marked in
crease In stocks, a very poor- demand ar.d the
general expectation of a . lower market lmme
dlatoly after Christmas. The trade did not
want . to be caught napping, so sold the • goods
at lower prices than those heretofore ruling to
get rid of their surplus stocks. It was a case
of etand from under. , _ . .
Somewhat similar conditions prevailed In
Eggs. They were not as weak as Butter but
a s marked decrease In . the consumption after
; Christmas was , expected. , and . as the ■ warmer
and* moister ' weather ■ is favorable to'an In
creased production the tendency was to ' sell.
1 Some houses openly cut their prices -2H<J to
work off their stocks.
There was no change In Cheese.
Receipts were 31,300 lbs Butter, 503 cases
Eggs and 11,700 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery at ftrst hands. 23©24o I
for extras and 21H@22^c for lower to medium I
grades: dairy. 20@22c; cold storage, nominal;
store Butter, nominal; Eastern cubes, nominal;
; Eastern ladle-packed. 15@iec.
CHEESE— U&ll He for choice mild new and
10-310Vjc for old; cold storage, 1014311c; Young
Americas. 12812^c: Eastern. 10fQ13c per lb.
EGGS — Ranch. 38<94Cc for good to choice.
41642^0 for large white selected and SOg33c
for common: store Eggs, 2S930c; cold storage.
; 25630c; Eastern. 25{?2Sc for- choice. 22321c for
standards and 19921c for seconds.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Trade was still very quiet, as retailers had
sufficient stock on hand to last over Christmas
and most of them were too busy with Turkeys
to pay much attention to fruits. - 8tocks it
Oranges are heavy and are being added to
dally, as the weak condition of ' the Eajt era
markets has - checked the . movement In that
direction and shipments have been ' diverted to
this market. Apples were, very quiet but
steady at the old quotations. Cornlchon and
Verdel Grape* were offering at $1 50 per crate,
but found few buyers. . Strawberries were
plentiful and slow of sale. - a good portion of
the receipts of the large varieties j being still
unsold at the cloee.
STRAWBERRIES— $6*312 for Longworths
and $2@4 for the large varieties.
cranberries— $uff 11 per bbl for No. 1
and $S@8 for Inferior Eastern.
APPLES — 90c©Jl 25 per box for fancy and
CO&SSc for common to choice; Lady Apples,
tl 25@2 per box.
PEARS— Winter $1 50©l 73 per box:
cooking varieties. 50c® $1 per box.
PERSIMMONS— 50®65c per box.
CITRUS FRUITS — Orange* Navel*, $1©2 p>r
box; Seedlings. 75cS$l; Tangerinest 75o for
small and $1 fcr large boxes; Japanese Man
darins, $1©1 23 per box; Lemons. $2 5082 75
for fancy, $1 75@2 25 for choice and Sl'itl 50
for standards: Grape Fruit. $1 75©2 50; Mexi
can Limes, $4 'per case; Bananas, $2@3 per
bunch for Central American and $1#2 for Ha
waiian; Pineapples, $1 5Og<J per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Xuts, Raisins, Honey.
FRUITS — Apricots. 8@llc for Royals and
10©12Hc for Moorparka; Nectarines, 6%©8%s
for white and 6%67%c for Red; Peaches ~tK<0
6%c per lb; Pears, 7@12c; Plums, pitted, 'e#
6$c for blacks, 7%®S^4c for red and 738%c
for yellow; Figs, 2-crown bricks, BOc; 3-crown
55c; 4-crown, 60c; 6-crown. 65c: bulk white,
2%G3c; black. 2%©5%c; Evaporated Apples.
4»6c per lb.
PBUNES— I%©l%e per lb for the four sizes
and 2Hc basis for the large sizes.
RAISINS — 1904 crop f. o. b. Fresno—Im
perial clusters. $2 25@2 50; Dehesa. $1 30Q
I 35; London Layers. S5c9fl; Loose Muscatels.
4-crown, 5®5%c; 8-crown. 4%c; 2-crown, ZQ
8Hc; Seeded, 4&i06c; Thompson's Seedless,
4V*@4^c; Seedless Sultanas, 3@5c per Ib.
NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 12013c; No.
2. lO&llc; No. 1 hardshell. 12c; No. 2, 10c;
Almonds, 16017c for Nonpareils. 14SJl*Hc for
I X L. 13V&@U4ttc tor Ne PIus Cltra and lie
for Languedoc; Peanuts. C@7c for Eastern; Pe
cans, 11613c: Cocoanuts. $4 5O85; Chestnuts,
8H@10o per lb for Italian.
HONEY— Comb. HH613c for white and 109
lie for-amber; water-white extracted, 8HO€c;
light amber extracted, 6@5^c; dark, 3£4Hc
BEESWAX— 27©29c per lb.
Provisions.
With all the Western exchanges closed,
there was nothing going on here yesterday.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10^c per lb for
heavy, lQ%o for light medium. 13o for light,
14c for extra light and 14 %c f or sugar-cured;
dry Salt Hides. 10c; Bellies, lie; Eastern su
gar-cured Hams. 12 to 14 lbs, 12%c; 15 to
18 lbs, 12c: 17 to 20 lbs, ' ll%c; California
Hams, ll*;c: Mess Beef. $10910 50 per bbl;
extra Mess. $10 50611: Family. $12912 50:
prime Mesa Pork. $14 SO; extra clear. $22;
Mess. $18 50; Pig Pork. $25; Pigs" Feet, $3;
Smoked Beef. 14c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6^4c per lb for
California compound, 7c for Eastern compound
and 9c for pure; half-barrels, pure, -8V4c; .10
lb tins. 9»ic; 5-lb tins, 9%c; Wb tins, 10a
COTTOLENE— One half barrel, 8%c; thre«
halt barrels. 8^c; one tierce. SS&c; two tierces.
8Uc; five tierces. 8Hc i*r lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about H@ lc un^ er Quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium, 10c; light, 9H*?10e; Cow
Hides. ! 9%@10c for heavy and 9*i®10c for
light; Stags, 7®7%e: Salted Kip. 10^c: Salted
Veal. liemSc; Salted Calf. llH@12%c; dry
Hides. 17ttS^c; dry Kip. 15c; dry Calf. 20c;
Sheepskins, skearllngs. 25Q40c each; short
Wool. 50f?75c each: medium. 00c@$l 10: long
Wool. $1 25111 75: Horse Hides, salt. $3 for
large and $2 M> for medium, $1 £0@2 for small
and 60c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry. $1 75 for
large and $150 for medium, $1 for small, to:
for Celts. Buck Skins^— Dry Mexican, 30c; dry
salted Mexican. 25c: dry Central American,
30c; Goat Eklns — Prime Angoras, 75c; extra
large do, $125; large, 50c; medium, 35c;
small. 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4®4%c per lb;
No. 2. 3%c: Grease. 2»4©3c.
WOOL — Fall clip — San Joaquln and South
ern, 9©llc: Southern. ■ 8®Oc ; Southern Moun
tain, flgllc; Middle Counties, free. 12®14c;
do defective. 10©t2c: Northern, free. 12914c;
do defective. 10@12c; Humboldt and Mendo
cino. IBSl^c per lb. 0
HOPS— 1B04 crop. 25628c per lb:1905 crop,
17%91Sc, with most growers asking 20&
Meat 3Iarket.
DRESSED MEATS.
Whctecale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: ' - .
BEEF— 6#7c for Stwrs and 4^(J6c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large. «%®0c: small, 8©9«4c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. TQSVtd Ewes. 6%©7Hc
per lb.
LAMB— 9910c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 6%CS%e per Ib.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock delivered In San Francisco, less 409
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers. 7Vi©7%c: Cows and Heif
ers. 5H«<>%c; thin Cows, 4S3o per lb. , : 4
CALVES — t«?4ttc per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 3»i©3*ic; Ewes. 3®CUo
per lb ( gross weight).
LAMBS— $2 GC'#2 73 per head.
HOGS— Live Hobs, 200 to 250 lbs, 4»i@«!$c;
130 to 200 lbs, BesVic: SO to 130 lbs, ift&i%cv
soft Hogs, not wanted; Sows, 20 per cent off:
Boars. 50 per cent cff. and Stags. 40 per cent
oft from above quotations.
— — —— .-*;:•."■
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Grain • Bags. 5%<S5%c spot and 6$
6%e for next year; Wool Bags, 30®32c; Fleece
Twine. 7*ie. •
■ COAL — Wellington. $8 per ton; New Wel
lington, $S; Seattle. $6 50; Bryant. $8 50;
Beaver Hill. $3 50; Roslyn. $7; Coos Bay. $5 50;
Richmond, ?s; Cumberland. $13 In bulk and
$14 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
114; Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh tump.
$1160; Cannel, $9 per ton; Cok<-. $11 5O5J13 per
ton In bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky Mountain
descriptions. $8 60 per short ton.
OILS-i-Quotatlcns are for barrets: for cases
add 5c: Linseed, 65c per gallon for boiled and
63c for raw; Castor Oil In cases. No. 1. 70c;
Bakers' AA. cases, $1 10«l 12; Lucol. 50c for
boiled and 48c for raw; China Nut. cases. 65©
80c per gallon: Coooanut Oil. in barrels, 98c
for Ceylon and C3c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil, 6Sc: natural win
ter Sperm Oil. 63c; extra bleached winter
Whale Oil, 37c; natural Whale OIL 52c- extra
winter strained Lard Oil. 75c; No. 1 Lard Oil
65c; pure Neatsfoot OU, 73oi X(x*l Neatsfoot
OH, 63c; light Herring Oil. 42«; dark Herring
OIL 4Oc; Salmon Oil. 34cr boiled Fish Oil 37c
raw Fish Oil. 33c; boiled Paint OIL 33c; raw
Paint OIL 31c
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil th bulk.
13c; Pearl OU.;ln cases. 1914c; Astral, l»fce-
Star. l&Vic: Extra Star. 22fcc: Elaine. 2«c
Eocene. 21Hc; Deodorized Stove Gasoline .In
bulk, 16c: in cases,. 22^4c; Benzine. In bulk
13c; In cases. . lit 14c ; 86-degree Gasoline- in
bulk, 25c: in cases. 31c ,"
TUREENTINE— 75c per gallon la cases and
COe In drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead 7UO
7%c per lb; White 'Lead. 7ti©7%c; according
to quantity.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows per Tb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed <S.2C<c
Powdered. 6.10c; Candy Granulated. 8.10c: Dry
Granulated, fine. 6c; Dry Granulated, coarse.
6c: Fruit ' Granulated. 6c; Beet Granulated
(100-lb bags only), 6.90c; Confectioners" A. 6c;
Magnolia A. 6.60c; Extra C. 5.50c: Golden. C.
5.40c: "D." 5.30c; barrels, 10c more; half
barrels, 25c more; boxes, 50c more: 50-lb bags,
10c more for all kinds. Tablets— Half barrels.
6.50c: boxes, 8.75c; H. & E. Crystal Dojptnos.
80 per Ib. No orders taken for less thaa •*»•
enty-flve barrel* or Its equivalent.
CANDLES— The Standard OU Company an
nounces the following new price list: Electria
Light. .%C10^o per set for sixes and 8*o
for twelves: Granlu Mlnlnr. 8Vi©UKo for
?£ e i.,^ d 9^ a tor twelves; Paraffin* Wax.
1 iQJS*?'' R *dl*nt Paraffins. 9&C for toma
and 7@»4c per set for sixes.
Receipts of Produce.
TOR SATURDAY. DECEMBHR 54.
f^° ar V V -•!»... «.773JHlde«. No ....J.. fc7M
Wheat, ctl 2.012!Leather. roil« ... 820
Barley, ctls .... I.lS2[Fe*d, aks „ Ktt
Oa". ctla 82-t Wooi. bales ..." «b
rj g&r ' vlV' 2.10CIHots. bale, ...... US
Lime. bbU 273 Hay. tons ...... ' «l
Wine, gals 40.560|Bran. aks . ' 515
011 " V" 623 Potatoes, ska .... I.1M
STOCK MARKET.
All the Iiocal Exchanges Stand Ad
journed to Tuesday.
Th* output of ore from th» Ophlr mln* last
we «* amounted to 5« mining carloads, assay
123 21 "'y tOB * * nd 157 c * rI<> * d *» **sajrtn*
Oakland banks hare declared semi-annual
dividends on savings deposits, payable January
3. aa follows: Farmers' and Mtrchants* S»v
ngs Bank. 3H per cent per annum; State Sav
ings Bank. 4 per cent; Union Savings Bank.
3V» per cent.
The San Francisco National Bank has de
clared a regular semi-annual dividend at th»
rate or 6 per cent per annum oa th« capital
stock, payable. January 3
Th« Paclfle U»htlns Company win pay a
regular monthly dividend of 33o per shaW oa
January 5.
The Homestake Mining Company of South
Dakota, paid a regular monthly dividend of
25c yesterday.
T». T £ 9 J**** 1 *. C°Mo"dated Mlnln* Company of
Utah has declared a dividend of tl SO per
share, payable January 10.
The New York and Honduras Rosarto Min
ing Company paid a dividend of 1 per cent oa
the capital stock yesterday.
At the regular annual meetln* of the stock
holders of the Pennsylvania Consolidated Min
ing Company the old board of director* was
re-elected as follows: J. M. Thomas, T. H.
Wllhelm. D. E. Matteson. Etwarap Fita
slmmons and Fred Zeitler. The of2cer» win
be elected at th» regular meeting to bo held
In January.
REAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
FRIDAT. DECEMBER 23.
Pfcilip I. Flsaer et aL to Xaomi V. Solo
mon, lot en N line of Clay street. 123 B of
Polk. E 23 by N 127 :Stf. and all Interest In
estates of Israel and 8&rah Solomon. Eva
Fisher. Rebecca Exeklel and Sarah Lewis: $10.
Eduardo Ualdonado to Calatlna Maldonado.
lot on N line cf Jackson street, 34:44 W of
Buchanan. N 127:SH by W W:4%; r.ft.
Oren Giles to Adelaide EL Giles, lot oa W
Una of Buchanan street, S3: 9 S of Waller S
27 by W 83; *1<X
Badle I. or Sarah Regaa to Carrie Regan,
lot on SB corner of Page and FlUmore. street*.
E 25 by N 100; also lot 847. Gift Map. 4. and
property outside of county; gift.
« C !^ «nd County of San Francisco to G*an»
B. Brusco, lot en W line of FUlmore gtreet.
23 N of Sacramento. N 23 by W 00:«- I .
Estate of Joseph Levy (by Herman and Alex
ander J. Levy and Ella Llevre. administra
tors) to Mercedes LJchtensteln, lot on 3 line
of McAllister street, e2:6 E of Scott. E 23 by
Same to Ellas Levy, lot on 9 line of McAl
lister street, 112:6 E of Scott. B 23 by S 100:
$7500.
Ellia J. Birch to William W., Frank C. and
Annia C. Biggs, lot on N Hn« cf California
street. 150 S of Devlsadero, E 73 by N 137 :«;
Klft.
Louisa R. C&evassus to Mary It. Smyth. lot
on SW corner of Jaekaon and Scott streets.
3 27:SH by W 110; $18,000.
Frank R. and Sophie Orannis to Charles A.
KJcg 1 , lot on Jf line of Sacramento street.
74:11 E of Presidio (Central avenue). E 41:6.
X 127:SU. W 16:6 8 27:8fc, W 23. S 100; $iol
Charles A. and Mary Klne to Eliza B.
Graber. same; $10.
Annie M. Costello to Louis Cchn, lot on N'
line of Haight street, XOi-.A W of ilasoaio
avenue, W 25 by X 100; $10.
Estate, of Josesh Levy (by Herman and
Alexander J. Levy and Ella Llevre. admin
istrators) to William P. Levy, lot oa E lin*
of Tremont street. 343:8 8 of Frederick. 9
23 by E 80; $4230.
Andrew J. and Margaret Donovan tx> Loui-»
Zeh, lot on X line of Jackson street. 107:8 r.
of First avenne. X to> Presidio reservation, E
to lands in 2089 D. 34. SW to beginning (betas
Intention to convey all Interest of first party
in land lying E of line drawn X from. Jackson
street and 107:6 B of First avenue): $10.
Pacific Improvement Company to John Stler
len. lot on X line of Parnassus avenue. 130 W
of Clayton street, W 133 :7}£. XW 133:2%. B
149:5}*. S 137:6: $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Ansa
C. Galbraith, lot on S line of Th!rte«ntJ»
street. 218:3% W of Folsom, S 80. B 2*. it
79. W 33; $ .
Sam« to Joseph F. Dwyer. lot on E lino of
Stevenson street, 143 X of Fourteenth, X 23
by E eS; $ .
Isaac and Julia Strassburger to Leopold
Michels. lot on SW corner of Fifteenth and
Filsom streets, W 243 by 3 300: $10.
Joseph and Max J. Erandenstein (trustees
estate of Albert S. Rosenbaum) to same,- un
divided 7-13 of lot on 8E corner of Fifteenth
and Shotwell streets. S 130 by E 60: $10.
City. and County of San Francisco to Charles
P. Kertell. lot on E Una of Julian avenue. 93
X of Sixteenth street. X 30 by E 84; $— — .
Antoine and Grade Bore! to Ulysses O. Lind
say, lot on XE corner of Thirty- first and Point
Lcbos avenues, X 100 by E 57:6; $10. -
City and County of San Francisco to Ellis
C. Wilson, lot on SW corner of Twenty-sev
enth and Point Lobes avenues, S 123 by W
83: $ .
Augusta Olscn (wife of Andrew) to John M.
and Emma Peters, lot on W Una of Sixth ave
nue. 273 S of A street. & 23 by W 120; $10.
John M. and Emma. Peters to Augusta Ol
son, lot on W line of Seventh avenue, 130 S
of A street. S 23 by W 120; $10.
Mary XJfen to J. W. Wright A . Sens In
vestment-Company, lot on W Itoe of Thirty
eighth avenue, 169 3 of B street, S 125 by W
100: $10.
Ida M. and Archibald Cambrtdgv to Solo
mon Get*, lot on XE corner of Forty-ninth
avenue sad L street. X 33 :« by E 120; $10.
Same to Jacob Heyman Company, lot on E
Una of Forty-ninth avenue, 32:8 X of L street,
X 80 by B 120; $10.
Jacob Heyman Ctmp&ay to Solomon Gttx,
same; $10.
Patrick F. Canavaa to Joseph Konfgsberr.
lot on X line of Elizabeth street. 323 W of
Hoffman. W 23 by X 11*. lot 210. Herman
Tract; $10. ■
Robert C. Charlton to Norman McXreod. lot
14S3. Gift Map 3; $10.
Julius C Rets to F. E. and XelU* Graff,
lot 19. block 43. Rels Tract: grant.
Joseph O. Hooper to Maria C Hooper, 1st
In Lone Mountain Cemetery; $3.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGEXCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday. Deo. 24.
Ger stmr Neko. Rlcfemann, 120 days tiara
Hamburg via Champerlco 9 days.
' Stmr Roaecrans. Johnson, 60 hrs from Port
land.
SAILED.
Satorday, Deo. 24,
Stmr Eureka, Jessen. Eureka.
Stmr Aurelta. Erlckson. Astoria.
DO3IBSTIC PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Dec. 24.— Stmr St
Louis from Southampton.
ADVERTISEMENTS.'
GOIDFIEID
jr0NOPAH\
JlSTOCH LISTED BY THEl
S EXCHANGE BOARD- S
?mEB!CBOAMD<4OSffZX*\
f?J*j*SJ. TJSAMXAC71OMS S
I List */m*Jit&*rr teat ia say addnt*. I
TheARTof WISE INVESTING
A book every investor In the land • should
read. Points out the essential characteristics
of safe securities, with a review of financial
pitfalls, etc. Written in an entertaining,
popular style. Just Issued. Pxlea p«r
copy in cloth. 81: by mail. $1.06.
MOODY PTTBXiISXXSrG' CO™
35 Hassan Street. Vvm York Ctty.
YOU CAN DIG GOLD
At Goldfleld. Safe co-operative plan. Powerful
guarantees. 190 acres and assay ofSce. Pict-
ures and whole* story free. GOLDFIELD REX
COMPACT. Mack block. DeaTar. Cotau
*■_.«. - * a.. . - ■ sk^.. m, — . j."^sb— bms — ■
4344
ACTIVITY ALONG THE WHARVES
SLOWS DOWN FOR THE HOLIDAYS
Steamship City of
Peking Sails for
Panama. .
PassengersWill Eat
Christmas Dinner
at Sea.
Storm Signals Warn
Mariners of Com
ing Gale.
Christmas cast its shadow along the
valer front yesterday, and under the
*peH of the approaching holiday busi
ness, xvhere It was not standing still,
gnored quietly along the line of strict
necessity. The City of Peking sailed
for Panama, and the idea of going
away from Christmas at home had a
subduing effect on passengers and the
friends who gathered on the wharf to
bid them good-by. The promise of
good cheer at sea was not alluring to
any and no prospect at ail to those
with stomachs unseasoned to the un
"Siisy equilibrium of floating hotels.
Captain Robinson promised fair weath
er arid a. smooth sea, but the weather
jnan's prophecy of a southeaster re
ceived more consideration than the
mariner's optimistic forecast.
In addition to about a score of pas
sengers, the Peking carried S500 tons
of cargo.
The steamer Point Arena, which
■was the first vessel in the harbor to
decorate, went to sea about 4 o'clock
dressed in evergreens from deck to
mastheads.
The Eureka, also decorated, sailed
lor the port after which she was
named. Captain Jessen will be host at
the dinner to be given to-morrow night
to those passengers who are able to
dine in the pitch - and toss of a stift*
north u ester. The City of Puebla clear
ed yesterday, but will not sail until to
morrow.
The Pacific Mall wharf was the only
really- busy place along the water
front! There an army of stevedores
r as Engaged in finishing the loading of
xher Hner Mongolia, which leaves on
Tuesday for the Orient with 15,000 tons
of cargo, mostly contraband, for
Japan. The Mongolia will take alto
gether about 1S.O00 tons of cargo.
Bar Ls Breaking.
The bar celebrated the approach of
Christmas yesterday by stirring itself
into a frothy fur>\ which served notice
W mariners to keep away. The steamer
Santa Cruz, from southern ports, was
unable to cross the breaking waters,
and- .to reach tne Golden Gate had to
make p. wide detour and come in by
way of the north channel. Weather
l>ir-eau signals were set yesterday giv
ing warning of the approach of a
southeaster.
The Overdue List.
The- rates of reinsurance on the two
vessels now on the overdue list remain
unchanged. The Edith Mary, out
niriety-one days from Ascension for St.
Jonas, is Quoted at 70 per cent, and
£0 per cent is the rate on the Brier
Ht'lme, out 154 days from London for
Kobaru
>'E\YS OF THE OCEAN.
The steamer Ventura, which sailed on Fri
<«->■' for Sydney via Honolulu, Pago Pago and
Auckland, carried a general merchandise cargo.
»a!u*d at target to be distributed as follows:
}'<jr Honolulu. $^4,172; Samoan Islands $6570;
New Zv^land. S70.M0; Australia, $129,C9S;
Kuuth Africa. $2t»7; Fiji Islands. »349; Friend
ly Inends. $200. The followlne were the lead
lcg exports:
To. Honolulu— 25 bbls flour. 1040 pkgs fresh
fruits. lC". rkgg fresh vegetables. 845 pkgs
potatoes, 80 pkg* onions. 1378 lbs 2 cs fresh
fish. -7Mi» Ib* butter, 1H42 lbs cheese 105 cs.
«iTKs. r.'.^T. lbs beans, 12.760 lbs lard,' 5356 lbs
narr.'aau bftCOK 2661 lbs giucose 17 pkgs table
reparations. 17.872 lbs fresh meat. 90.000 lbs
rite. QM lbs tea, 2700 lbs dried fish. 1500 lbs
£5. bx». raisins. 1450 ine 2 bxs dried fruit 9700
Ib* codnsh, 48 pkgs grocerti»s and provisions,
«U7«-gS.I«! 16 cs wine. 100 bbl» beer 370 cs
f^nncrt good*. 102 pkgs paste, 1711 lbs bread,
ZSTj£ lbs meals 10 eg olives, 13 pkgs syrup,
JS.OCl lbs tribe ceo. 23 cs cigars and cigarettes,
2Ut> vksz dry good.*. 59 cs boots and sho«s, CS
pkr» drugs. 3 ro!!s leather. 40 coils rope h*
fcxs rpai', 24 pkgs paints and oils 22 pkgs' car
RAtfrita.!. 10 j>kgs machinery, 144 bdls fhooks,
IS ; Rp* o pos pii)e. 25 bdis iron, 14 pkgs elec
trical-. Fur;*;!"*. 146 pkgs paper. 18 pkgi rcb
mt eoodF. i5 cs hats and caps, 3 bdls 7 ban>
ct«*l. 25W feet lumber.
To -Ka moan Islands— 10 bbls flour 232 cs 4
rks»salmon, 120 cs assorted canned goods 65
VKga. K!"ocerlc? and provision*, e-J9 lbs breart.
•J&> Ib? <Jriod fruit, Cl pkgs fresh fruits and
«-rceUbles 20 pkgs potatoes and t.nions, 400
1b* coc!fi!-!i. , r r pkgs bw, 355 lbs lard 17 c*
arms 'zrd suT.munltlon. 11 pkgs mlllwork 5
jskts ;air.tE. 10 ca coal oil. 21 bales bags', 5
l,kfc» UT s>"j4*, £ cs bo«ts and shoes, 237 ekes
To New Zealand— 74,185 lbs dried fruit.
c*<uie4-\cgptaliirs IjZo pkga fresh fruits, 34
pkKs rroccries and provisions, 1210 lbs codrtsh,
ICSOTtm coffee j&o cs :;0 kfgg salmon, 210 vkxe
njaefcinery. 3 rolls duck. 21S r kgs metal poliYh
11 if drugs. «.o crates iwwing machines 75
c* tootF and thoee, V.<9 Tn\W .10 bales news
pa;-er. 11 pkgs rubber Roods 123 riU e . rao « n 
niaterial. 21>16 lbs cascara sagrada rooanB
12 A""^'*— 2C.187 lbs hap*. '33.750 lbs
codfish. 2K« pkjts freeh fru!t« 8SS8 d canned
palmon. 225 bbla 1C25 half bbli pickled salmon
S3« As ccffcv lO.CfiO lbs dried fruit 7-w?";
rslsiipa. 72 « assorted canned goods ~22 4S5
feel Uuaber. 2T!,683 feet door etr^k 203 vk^
roof.n« material. 1C00 btfU shtnpW ' 32 1C1 iba
bluMloro, C2 pkgs machinery. 142 'cs a*rrlcul
tural impl«mente. 25 flasks quicksilver 32
baa.-B troom corn. 7 cs Cnigw. 22 pkgs r.aW~
20 bale-» overalls. 9 pkgs sewing machines 13
fca!e* 7 c« leather. 300 pkgs metal polish' 2<t
bbJs lubricating oil. 28 cs boots and shoes 8
V<Ii(rs rubber goods, 21 pkrs typewriters and
euppliet.
To Fouth Africa— 500 cs canned salmon S5
cf canned fruit. 21 cs dried fruit. 4 bales over-
To Fiji Island* — 50 c* beer. 1 cs dry roods
To Friendly Islands — 60 cs canned salmon.
Exports by the Panama Steamer.
■^The ctearrser City of Peking «ai!e<l yesterday
fcr the Isthmus of Panama and way port*
with an assorted merchandise cargo valued at
f ;.".".. M,.'.. to be distributed as follows - For
Mexico. $4^44; Central America. $53,870; Pan
ama. SS4C3; Colombia. $1234; Ecuador, $&00;
New York. 57H.424; Trinidad Island $000- Ja
maica. $372: Italy. JC392: Germany 14220-
England. $300. Among the principal shipment*
tvere the following: |
To Mexico — 107 pYge machinery, 25 cs g!a*«
240 erats wine. 4 cs mineral water. 40 crates
potatoes. RG4 lbs foda, 1 cs powder.
: To central America — CC97 bbls flour 2R40
rals 30 cs wine. 139 gals 146 cs whisky. '61 840
lbs rice. 14 cs beer. 90.500 lbs salt 52 cs
canned ralmon, 2150 Ifcs eplces,'2fl pkgs fresh
/rulis. «5 i-kgs groceries and provisions, 37 c «
•LFSorteo canned goods. 22 cs table prepara
tions. JSCJ lbs' 5 bx* raisins, 10 ca baking
powder. 22 pks» paste. 20G1 lbs lard. 1104 lbs
f-.r.rr, an<] bacon, 14 crates onions. V00 lbs meals
3.C72 ctls corn, i!3C9 lbs dried fruit, 4S critei
STEAMER POINT ARENA. THE FIRST VESSEL, IN THE HARBOR TO BE DEC
ORATED IN HONOR OF CHRISTMAS. DRESSED IN EVERGREENS SHE
SAILED YESTERDAY AFTERNOON FOR MENDOCINO.
potatoes, 4 es mineral water, 37,83» lbs tal
low. 1S.+S4 feet lumber. 3hO cs coal oil. 172
pkgs paints and olle, 403 crates firebrick. 8090
lbs cement. 6 bbls 24 cs tar. 11 coils rape. 10
kegs nails. 6 pkgs brooms. 30 cs turpentine. 0
flasks quicksilver, 62 pkgs dry goods. 17 bdl»
50 pes oars. HO keg's bloating powder. 144 pkg*
railroad cars, 6 pkgs sewing machine3. 2f»>)0
railroad ties. 18 pkgs pipe, 9 pkgs machinery,
274 pkgs Iron roofing 105 bbls fireclay.
To Panama — 650 bbls flour. 2122 gals wir.e.
32 cs canned salmon. 25 cs canned fruit. 10
cs table preparations. 25 cs whisky. 200 crates
onions. CO crates potatoes.
To Colombia — 180 bbls flour. 2 crates pota
toes and onions, 4 cs boots and sho*s.
To Ecuador — 200 bbls flour.
To New York— 79,147 gals wine, 100 flasks
quicksilver 15.W53 lbs dry hides. 21,158 lbs
wool. 100 bbls sperm oil. 345<J lbs solder dross.
650.4(8 lbs pis lead. 4335 lbs herbs, 1230 lbs
beeswax, 261 bales junk.
To Trinidad Island — ICO cs canned salmon.
To Jamaica — 83 cs canned salmon.
To Italy — 186,913 lbs bluestone.
To Germany — 188,000 lbs dried prunes.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED. !
Saturday, December 24.
Stmr Northland, Jamieeon, 35 hours from
Ban Pedro. '
Stmr Alcatraz, Olscn. 17 hours from Green
wood.
Etmr Alcazar. Wlnkel, 42 hours from San
Pedro.
' Stmr Breakwater, Seaman, 33 hours from
Coos Bay.
Stmr Arctic, Nelson, 2S hours from Eureka.
Stmr Banta Cruz, Alberts, 8 hours from
Pigeon Point.
Urig W. G. Irwln. Hansen, 8 days from
Roche Harbor. -
Schr Jam's A. Garfield. Norby, 8 days from
Columbia River. ■ j
CLEARED.
Saturday, December 24.
Stmr City of Peking, Robinson, Ancon; P
M S S Co.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen, Victoria: P C
S S Co.
Stmr Bonits.. Preble. San Pedro: P C S S Co.
Stmr Pomona, Ewanson, Eureka; P C S S
Co.
. SAILED.
■ • Saturday, December 24.
Etmr City of Peking, Ro"binson, Ancon, etc.
Stmr ArryH, Gilboy. Redondo.
Stmr Pomona. Swanson, Eureka.
Stmr Phoenix. Odland. Eureka.
Stmr Point Arena. Miller, Mendoclno.
SPOKEN.
Oct 17— In lat 56 C5 south, long 64 west, Br
ship Sprlngburn, from Hamburg,, for Santa
Rosalia. • •
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Dec. 24. 10 p. m. — Weather
cloudy; wind NW; velocity 24 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EVERETT — Sailed . Dec 24— Schr Polaris, for
San Pedro.
Arrived Dec 24 — Bktn John C. Meyere, from
San Pedro.
PORT GAMBLE — Arrived Deo 24 — Schr Spo
kane, hence Dec 11.
POINT. LOBOS— Passed Dec 24, 10:30 a m—
Stmr San • Gabriel, from San Pedro, for Ump
<jua River. ...
REDONDO— Sailed Dec 24— Stmr James S.
Hinging, for Ean Francisco.
TATOOSH— Pasred in Veer 24— Fr bark
Colonel do Vlllebols Mareuil, from Antwerp,
for Port Townsend; schr David Evans, hence
Dec 11, for Everett. Passed out — Schr James
H Bruce.' from Tacoma,'. for Redondo.
UMPQUA— Arrived Dec 23— Schr Sadie,
from San Pedro. •
BELLINGHAM— Sailed Dec 24— Stmr Rain
ier, for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Arrived Dec 24— Stmr Czarina,
hence Dec'21; • • • .. ■ ■
Sailed Dec 24 — Stmr Arcata, for San Fran
cisco.
Arrived Dec 24 — Tug Columbia, " hence Dec
- 21; schr Advent. -from San Pedro. , . •
ASTORIA— Sailed Dec 24— Schr . George W.
Watson, for San Francisco.' :
. Arrived -Dec 24 — Schr Luzon, hence Dec 14.
Sailed Dec 24 — Schrs Honoipu and Mindoro,
for San' Pedro;, schr Annie Larsen, for San
Francisco: bktn James Johnson, for 'San Pe
dro; echr W. F. . Jewett, - for San Francisco.
; Arrived Dec 24 — Schr Andy 11 a honey, from
i San Pedro. ■
J SAN DIEGO— Sailed Dec 24— Stmr Coquille
I River, for' San" Francisco.
j PORT. BLAKELEY— Arrived Deo 24— Bktn
John Smith, hence Dec 16.
SEATTLE — Arrived | Dec 24 — Stmr Queen,
bence Dec -2L
Sailed Dec 21— Etmr Umatllla, for San Fran
cisco. . ■ . ■
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed Dec 24— Bark ]
James Nesmith,' for Sydney. ■ • ' .
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Dec 24- T Schr
I Ruth E. Godfrey, from Redondo.
! ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU — Arrived Dec . 24— U S stmr
Solace, hence Dec 17; Fr war stmr Protet,
from Tahiti; 6tmr China, from Yokohama.
MAHl'KONA — Arrived Dec 19— Schr De
fender, hence »Nov 20.
FOREIGN PORTS.- ;
TALTAL— Arrived Dee 21— Ger bark ■ Paul
; Ieenberi, from Honolulu.
' . VALPARAISO^ — Arrived Nov 21 — Chil bark
Royal Sovereign, from Port Blakeley. , - >
DUBLIN — In ■ port Nov 1— Br « ship Walden
Abbey, for Antwerp and Ean Francisco . :.
NEWCASTLE. Aus.— Arrived Dec 23— Ship
TUlIe K. Starbuck.- hence Nov 3. v
SYDNEY— Arrived, prior Dec 24— Stmr 8o
noma, h«nce Dec 1; bark* Mary L. Cuehlng.
from Pert Blakeley.
VICTORIA;- B. C— Arrived Deo 24— Stair
Queen, bence Dec 21.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Dec' 24— Stmr LaSa-
YOie, from Havre; etmr Mlnnetonka from
London. . ' ; ■
Arrived Dec 24— Stmr Patricia, from Ham
burr, vta. Dover and Boulogne...
>• Sailed Dec 24— Stmr Umbrla, for Liver
pool, via Queen«town; etmr St. Paul,' for
THE SAN FRANCISCO: CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 25, 1904.
Southampton, via Plymouth; stmr Menomi
nee, for London; stmr Kroonland, for Ant
werp. - .
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Dec 24— Stmr New
Tork, from New York.
MARSEILLES — Arrived Dec 24 — Stmr Italia,
from New York, via Naples.
GENOA— Arrived Dec 22— Stmr Romanic,
from Boston, via Ponta del Gada. and Naples.
Dec 24— Stmr Neapolitan Prince, from New
York.
.*? 1OV I LLE 7" Arrlved Dec 24— Stmr Corin-
LivVr'-<Jo7 m John » N- B.. and Halifax, for
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Dec 23— Stmr Preto
rlan,-for Halifax: stmr Sylvanla, for Boston.
Tot* 21— Stmr Lucanla, from New
A i 5^ RALTAR — SalIed De c 24— Stmr Prinz
for Xew" Yo r °k m Genoa ' Na P Ie » and Palermo,
HAVRE— Sailed Dec 24— Stmr La Cham-
Parne, for New York.
a /?V' THAMPTON — SalIed D « c 24— Stmr Phil
»£5J5i. for New York - vla Cherbourg.
da^ O1 rI?^ AM^k aUed DeC 24 - Stmr Staten ~
car n RI f S oT I NeV SA^r Sa " ed H*^"? ° 8 "
fof°Ne^ York EN ~ SaUed De ° 21 - Stmr Islan<J -
e t HOx S KO *G— Arrived » rior to - Dec 24—
H^ni,,? Ianc , nur J a : from San Francisco and
Honolulu, via Yokohama.
rir Q L ( E E xs T 'TOWN_Sai!ed Dec 24-Stmr Ced -
ric, from Liverpool, for New York.
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. Frora . Dne>
Ri??7 ••••" Eel River Ports: De7~26
San Pedro 'Dec 26
ua Portland & Astoria. . . IdIc! 25
gap &1f.? b V::::::::jgs 3?
Arcata....... Coos Bay ... !"' gee' 26
Mackinaw.... Tacoma w£ H
DelNorte.... Crescent City I!' Dec" 20
N ewburg ... Grays Harbor . d"' 26
cSSfBaT 0 * 1 " I" S' e /° * Wa^ iUs- Dec! 28
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pt« rip/. 9«
Elizabeth.... Coquille River _:_; Eec" II
Chehalls Gra y s Harbor ..." Dec'
Centralla Gray 8 Harbor ........ vll' 26
Norwood Seattle 7Z°' in
G. Lindauer.. Gray, Harbor KvirJfK Deft 26
j n Hl^V" »'? lb S I » &^y Ports Bee! 20
J. Higglns Redondo irw o«
Czarina Coos Bay .;.. tCT
S.Monica.... San Pedro ... . i" '.'.'. ' Bee" 27
e^::::::- BelUnsham - g£ i
Sasssl! Honoiu?u p r.; :::::::: §i
Umatllla..... Pugef Sound Ports"!!" Dec' 27
&.•■•• ea&sffii is
ESSS&l SSffi3L4f *"" B^ : B. I
Point Arena . . Mendocino & *Pt ' Arena Dec 20
Santa Rosa.. Ean Diego A Way Pt*' Dec' 28
Coronado Gray* Harbor .....Dec' 2»
ODo"" Gray, Harbor ..." Dec" 28
Columbia.... | rortland & Astoria Bee" 30
cmna "'■•" i X h£ POr X & T W^ Dec! 31
v,mna , china & Japan.. n«w. at
p^:::::::: Hr b oil?r..e i:::: i :
S.Barbara... Grays Harbor ..".'."" j™' 5
Aureiia Portland iA Astoria: : : : 5aU: \
■ - TO SAIL~ ~ ~ j
Steamer. Destination." Salls.|.Pier."
December 25. \"~
Sequoia Willapa Harbor.... 12 mlPier 2f>
v^i 1 *-" nttle dlrect •• 4pmP r^
Northland. Astoria & Portland 0 am'? \t r 27
December 28. f
M 1 - I** Angeles Port*. 10 am Her 10
S3£g| WK2$i0. *iS i
. . ■ December 87. z
Breakwater. Coos Bay direct.... 5 pm Pier 8
6 Monica.. Grays Harbor 10 km Per 2
Corona Humboldt ..... l ••?()„ p ill S
N. Fork.... Humboldt ....." 6 am PW 20
Arcata..... Coo, B. & Pt Orfd 12 *m pier 13
December 28. .- ,
Arctic...... Humboldt » am Pier 2
Mo "?°» a V- China A Japan... 1 p™ Pier 40
O-^ • Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am P 24
Elizabeth. . Coquille River . .... p " It
•j • , 29. " P1 * r 20
Porno. .... . Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier - 2
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Newburg... Grays Harbor....:. 4 pm Pier 10
Coos liay... San Pedro &. Way. 9 am P Ir 11
Eureka Humboldt I „" p la
Czarina .... Coos ■ Bay direct ... 5 p£ £,„ J
Homer Grays Harbor. ..... .. • p " *
December 30. . "' ~
Pomona.... Humboldt ......... l:30 D P4er ft
O. Lindauer Grays Harbor..... 6 pm Pier I
-.. December 31. . - P ." 2
Alaskan New York direct.. , pi,-
Mariposa... Tahiti direct ..... lrimp,,^
Umatllla. . . Puget Sound Ports. U aS P I
Alameda. . . Honolulu .......... 11 am Pier ?
San Jose. . . N. Y. via Ancon. , 12 m Pier 40
F. Kilburn. Portland & Way.: 4 pS Per 27
Rainier..... SeattU & Bllnghm 4. pm Pier 10
Point Arena Point Arena ;.."... < Z w!r °
Coronado... Grays Harbor...... 4 pmlPier 10
.' January 2.;. ,f
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland 11 am PleV -4
Jeanie SeatUe &. Tacoma. 5 pm Pier' 20
G. Dollar... Seattle .... pier
HEROISM FAILS
TO SAVE LIFE
Four Members of Engine
No; 12 Brayely Go to the
Rescue of an Aged Man
EFFORTS ALL IN VAIN
Gustave Johnson Is Fatally
Burned in Humble Abode
; on Spear Street Wharf
While hundreds, of men and women
were preparing to leave their places of
business on the Oregon Railway and
Navigation Company's wharf at the
foot of Spear street at 6 o'clock last
evening Gu,stave Johnson, an old and
almost helpless man, was slowly burn
ing almost to a crisp. The unfortunate
man was preparing to go to bed in his
humble room at the rear of his cigar
store on the wharf, when he overturned
a lamp. Instantly; Johnson was envel
oped in a sheet of flame. His cries for
aid were, finally 'heard,' an alarm of fire
was sent in and four members of en
gine 12' hurried -to his assistance. He
was brought . out in a dying condition
and taken to the - Harbor ■ Hospital,
where his death is hourly expected.
But for the heroic acts of the four
firemen, Captain, Sullivan and Hosemen
George Wells, George Linnehan .and
H. Carter, the poor ..old man ' would
surely have been. burned beyond recog
nition. .
Fragments of . Johnson's kerosene
lamp were found scattered about the
floor .of his little room, which was
readily filled with the fumes of the
lamp. The old man made a feeble out
cry before he fell unconscious to the
floor, and this undoubtedly saved , him
from instant death.
The firemen broke into the place and
quickly extinguished the flames. John
son was discovered lying- in a heap
near the bed. His clothes had already
burned from his back and his flesh
was so - badly roasted that it peeled
from his body. Captain Sullivan tried
to lift the limp" form of the man in his
arms, but. as soon as he touched the
body tlie flesh came off in chunks.
Hence it was necessary to wrap him
in a blanket.
Thci physicians at the Harbor Hos
pital worked for an hour trying to re
vive Johnson, but finally gave the cafee
up as a hopeless one. , A close exam
ination of the skull revealed a fracture
at. the. base. Jtis supposed that the
unfortunate old man struck his head
against the edge of the bedpost when
he fell helpless to the floor.
Johnson had for years presided over
the humble lfttle cigar stand where he
met his fatal injuries. He was a fa
miliar figure on the Spear-street wharf
and known by nearly all the seafaring
men on the water front. So far as is
known he had no family.
Game Birds Follow Storms.
It is seldom that a* hurricane and
thunderstorm brings in its train a de
luge of game birds, This singular spec
tacle, however, was .witnessed in the
Tarbes district recently. The storm
broke over the district in the evening,
and when the gale was at its height,
about 10 o'clock, large flocks of quail,
whlch^must have been migrating at an
invisible • height^ 'were beaten to the
ground, the plain around being thickly
strewn' with their bodies. -In the
grounds of the Hotel de Paris the birds
were • picked up • in dozens. — London
Globe. ' ..--.
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. "" Destination. " ' Sails.
Ramona...... Rkagwuy & Way Ports. Dec- 28
Jefferson.....' Skagway & Way Ports. Dec. 28
Cottage City.. Skagway & Way Ports. Dec. 31
Santa Ana. . . Seldovla & Way. Ports. Jan; 1
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. [Jan. 3
Sun, Moon ' and Tide.
United 'States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Time and Height of High and. Low Waters
at Fort. Point, entrance to San Francisco
• Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent. •' • ■ ; ; ; :: .
NOTE — Tho high and low j waters \ occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about. 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of -tide is. the same at both places.: s •
SUNDAY. DECEMBER 28.
Sun rises j 7 :23
Sun sets ;............: 4 :5«
Moon rides ............8:22 p. m.
O Time Time ■ jTlmel Time
£ Ft. Ft. 1 Ft. Ft.
?. H W L "W .. \H W I, W
25 2:00 4.7 6:44 2.9 12:45 .5.5 7:35—0.6
26 2:42 4.9 7:43 2.8 1:40.5.1 8:21—0.1
27" 3:25 5.0 8:4»- 2.5 2:42 4.7 9:10 04
28 4:12 5.3 10:02 2.3 3:55 4.2 10:04 l!o
29 5:00 .5.4 11:12 1.8 5:1R 8.9 11:07 1.0
30 6:50 5.4 12:22| 1.3[ 6:42 3,0|.....
. NOTE— In. the above exposition of . the tides
the early morning tides are . given" In j the left
hand column and the successive •• tides of th«
day In th« order- of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives- the last tide of th«
day, except when there are but three tides as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (—)
sign precedes the height, and then, the number
given ls subtracted from the depth given by
the chart*. The plane of 'reference is the mean
of the lower low 'waters.' '.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' - Exchange. San ■ Francisco, Cal.
December 24." 1904.
• The Time Ball ' on the : tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day
l.»e., at noon of the 120th meridian or at 8
p. m." Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT
-. , . ■ Lieutenant. ■ U: 8. N.; In charge.
All at'Honolulu.
The transport Solace,- from this port,
bound for Guam arid Cavite, arrived
yesterday at ." Honolulu. The : China",
homeward bound from the Orient, also
reached the island port yesterday and
another arrival , there was* the French
cruiser Protet from Tahiti. '.",
Notice to Mariners.
HUMBOLDT BAT^-CALIFORNI A.
(List, of Lights, Buoys land Daymarks, Pa
cific > Coast. 1904. page , 35.)
Notlc« ; la hereby ' given that* on December 20.
1904,' tne • six single- pile : beacons, marking Mad
River. Channel. Humboldt Bay Cal., were per
manently discontinued as no longer of use as
aids to navigation;" 1 , V
By order - of the • Lighthouse ■ Board.
W. P. DAY. Commander. U..S. N., ','
;, Inspector Twelfth . Lighthouse District.
If. your flat. doesn't suit you,
If you want a; furnished ' house
or cottage,, or; want change
your location, you can , always
find , : some 'desirable -places in
THE ICALI/; under ■ Flats to I^et
or; Houses'; to Let "or. For; Sale,
Fuirnlshed; or Unfurnished. :
ROW OVER DOG
CAUSES DEATH
Peculiar / Fatality Follows
Trouble Lodging - House
Man Has With a Stranger
FALL FEACTUEES SKULL
Jacob--' Scheupp. Gives the
Unknown a Shove That
Throws Him to Sidewalk
Jacob. Scheupp, a lodging-house
keeper at 207 Main street, Is under ar
rest on a charge of having caused the
death" of an unknown man yesterday.
In a quarrel over a spitz dog Scheupp
claims that he gave the stranger a
shove, who then fell to the sidewalk,
striking his head. The trouble oc
curred shortly after 5 o'clock last
evening, and the unknown expired at
the Central Emergency Hospital four
hours afterward. His skull was frac
tured. He never regained conscious
ness, and there . was nothing on his
person by which he could be identified.
According to the story told by
Scheupp, the stranger attempted to
steal the dog, and he was. in the act
of intercepting him when the man was
thrown to the sidewalk. Scheupp says
the man had been in the habit of sell
ing vegetables at his lodging-house,
but that he does not know his name.
During the morning hours Mrs.
Scheupp gave the vegetable man one of
a pair of spitz pups, jand he left highly
pleased, but soon after 5 o'clock in the
evening he returned and asked for the
other one. He said that a street car
had killed the first pup and he was very
insistent in his demand that he be
come the possessor of . the other ani
mal. ;
Scheupp says that he refused the
man, and an argument followed. This
occurred in the office of the house, and
for a moment Scheupp's attention was
called to another matter. .When he
turned to resume his conversation with
the • vegetable man he found that the
latter had disappeared and that the
pup had gone with him. Scheupp hur
ried to the sidewalk and caught up
with the thief. The latter had the dog
concealed under his coat. The argu
ment commenced anew, and Scheupp
claims he shoved the man to one side.
Then it was that he fell to the side
walk and fractured his skull. Scheupp
says that the man was very much un
der the influence of liquor at the time.
Parasites Shipped from France.
The first shipment of parasites of
the codlin moth has been received from
George Compere, who is now traveling
in Kurope under instructions from the
State Horticultural Commissioner in
search of this parasite. The shipment
was small, but arrived in good'condi
tion and is now in the hands of the
deputy horticultural commissioner at
San Francisco, where the new insects
will be carefully looked after and bred,
with a view to distributing them
throughout the State during the com
ing season. Mr. Compere found these
Insects In France and Immediately
shipped them to*" California. The in
sect is one of the ichneumon flies, the
whole group of which is beneficial and
lives by preying upon other Insects in
their caterpillar or pupa form, t When
the female of this species locates a
codlin moth larvae, she proceeds to lay
an egg in a non-vital portion of its
body, which, hatching out into a small
grub, soon eats out the body of its
host, after which the parasite passes
through the pupa state and emerges as
a full fledged fly, ready to attack
another codlin moth. Mr. Compere
states that he has found several para
sites which work upon the codlin moth
■In Europe and it is devoutly to be
hoped that among them he may suc
ceed in discovering the true enemy of
this pest and the one that keeps it be
low the danger line in Its native land.
Should this insect prove, all that Mr.
Compere claims for it, it will still be
some' time before it is thoroughly es
tablished and before we can judge
whether it will be as efficient in our
State~as it seems to be in Europe. It
is too often the case that we expect
results Instantly. This cannot be, as
it takes a long time for the parasites
to breed, even if they; breed at the most
rapid rate, and It will be two or three
years before we are able to judge as to
the effectiveness of this new insect.
However, the fact still remains that
something keeps the codlin moth below
the danger line in Europe and it Is not
by any means impossible that if Mr.
Compere has not already discovered
the true parasite, he will before his
work is completed and we shall have a
more effective means of keeping this
pest in check than wenow possess.
Pacific Tree and Vine. '
Forest Planting Kncournged.
The bureau of forestry of the Agri
cultural Department has made plans
to give practical assistance \ to land
owners in establishing commercial for
est plantations, shelter belts and wind
breaks, • " and in shifting
■sands and other waste lands by forest
planting. The purpose of the bureau
in its co-operation in forest ■ planting,
the plan of .which has been In more
or less general use during the last sev
eral years, is to establish in suitable
localities examples of forest plantations
of ; the highest possible usefulness" and
value "to the owners.
After an ; application in forest plant
ing has been made jana accepted an
agent x of the bureau will examine the
land and if practicable" prepare Im
mediately • a planting plan, if the
area is too extensive for this a thorough
and ". exhaustive .-* examination will be
made and a report submitted to the
owner,' who, if he desires, may j have
.the forestry bureau prepare a scientific
and elaborate" ' planting plan, which,
with all essential measurements, maps
and other data, Is sent to him upon
completion. The 'bureau does not in
tend to furnish seeds or trees for plant-
Ing,' leaving this to the owner's own
selection and expenditure. It partici
pates In the expenses of planting only
to the extent of furnishing the services
of its experts. It is believed -that many
American farmers '. and landowners will
take "advantage of the offer : to secure
the -'assistance,* of landscape and 'for
estry experts free . of charge.— Rural
Calif ornian-, : ;
, An indignation meeting always af
fords some people"; a lot of pleasure.;
HALE'S. j _ lL\h£TS.
THE MODERN. AIR BRAKE
GIVES GOOD PROTECTION
How They Are Constructed and How
They Are Applied on
Trains.
Every one has heard of the air brake,
and references to it are sure to be
made when the subject of protection
against railroad accidents is under dis
cussion, but like many inventions in
common use it is more or less of a
mystery, for which an explanation is
demanded from time to time. •
. The modern air brake consists of
twelve parts, among which are Uie air
pump, which compresses the air; a
main reservoir, in which the air is
stored; the engineer's brake valve, reg
ulating the flow of air: th"e train pipe,
which connects the brake valve with
the triple valves under each car; the
quick-action triple valve, controlling
the flow of air to and from the auxili
ary reservoir, which is supplied from
the main reservoir, and the brake cy
linder piston rod, which is forced out
ward, thereby applying the brakes.
The theory of the air brake is the
equalization of pressures. When the
brakes are not in action the pressure
on the train pipe is made such as to
prevent an. escape of air from the aux
iliary reservoir. When the engineer
df sires to make an application of
brakes he turns his brake valve so
that there is a moderate reduction of
the pressuVe in the train pipe. This
causes the greater pressure in the
auxiliary reservoir to force air into the
brake cylinder, forefng the piston out
and applying the brakes.
When it is desired to release the
brakes the engineer turns his valve in
the opposite direction, permitting the
air to flow from the main reservoir, lo
cated on the engine, into the train pipe.
When the pressure, thus restored in
the train pipe, is increased above the
pressure in the auxiliary reservoir cer
tain valves ar« moved, communication
is thereby restored between train pipe
and auxiliary reservoir,, the piston Is
forced to its normal position, the air
escapes from the brake cylinder and
the auxiliary reservoir is recharged
through the train pipe.
When the train breaks in two or a
hosepipe connection is broken it has the
effect of a sudden and material reduc
tion of the pressure In the train pipe,
the same as though the engineer had
made an emergency application. The
sudden reduction of pressure also' opens
supplementary valves,' which Increase
the pressure upon the brake cylinder
about 20 per cent. The brake shoes are
attached to rods, which are In. turn at
tached to the piston in such a manner
that when the air from the auxiliary
reservoir forces the latter out a pulling
force is exerted upon the brakes.—Ex
change.
New Remedy for Celery Blight.
Celery blight, and there has been no
little complaint in the past few years,
can be controlled* by spraying with
ammoniacal carbonate of copper. To
make this dissolve three ounces copper
carbonate in a pint of ammonia and
add twenty-five gallons of water. To
make copper carbonate,, dissolve five
pounds copper sulphate; (blue vitriol)
in five gallons of water, also six pounds
carbonate of soda in five gallons of
water. Mix the two solutions slowly,
stirring well. Let the mixture stand
until .next, day to settle, after which
pouroff the: liquid. Pour on ten gal
lcnsof water, let-stand until next day
and repeat, the, operation, after which
strain and dry. the blue powder, which
i3 the copper carbonate.— The Rural
Calif ornian. .
Never Late- In Forty-Two Years.
Forty-two years of service without
ever.haying been late. to his work ls the
record of J. C.Lotz, the oldest employe
of the Internal Revenue Department at
Washington. Although more than 80
years of age, Mr. Xctz is at his desk
every morning promptly at 9 o'clock,
and the years he has spent In the work
make him one of the most valuable.em
ployes in the bureau/ He has been con
tinuously In the accounting depart
ment, and during the years he' has
served- has seen more than $7,000,000,000
pass through the office. He has the ex
act figures, which he has kept for many
years.— Exchange.
. "Are there any leftenants in the
Russian -Army?" asked the English
maw
"Well." replied a^Japanese sympa
thizer, "I . guess there 'are a mighty
Xew^ left"— Yonkera Statesman.
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian — Pacific Time.)
SAN* FRANCISCO. Dec. 24—5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for the. previous day:
Boston 48-301 PI ttsburg B4-SS
Chicago 54-2S!New Orleans ... .72-60
Cincinnati eO-44JNew York 44-42
Honolulu 7''r-70|St. Louis ....... 69-33
Jacksonville 72-53, Washington 54-40
Philadelphia tC-41
SAN FRANCISCO C8-4S
Th« following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same data
last season and rainfall in last twenty-four
hours :
Last This Last
Stations— 2* hours. Season. Season.
Kurt-ka o.0<> 17 34
Red Bluff 0.27 11.93 11*2
Eacramento 0.14 8.2S 4.44
San Francisco 0.19 i).«2 6 02
Fresno 0.24 5.31 O.OO
Independence Trace 0.45 0.42
San Luis Oblspo 0.24 0.97 0.82
Los Angeles 0.02 1.8S 0.4.1
San Diego 0.01 1.76 0.42
THE COAST RECORD.
£i K £ O 2 !?
3 7* 15 °3 %l %
3 3g 33 i% i" r
STATIONS. 2||?||| ?- £T
:f i s r r f
£ a ker 29.88 34 24 W Snow .84
Ca-raon 29.88 40 . . SW Cloudy .CO
F*«sno 30.12 54 30 N Cloudy .2t
Flagstaff 29.86 3tt 30 W Cloudy .23
Independence ..2».72 63 30 3 Cloudy T
Lrs Angeles... 30. 10 68 4S SW Cloudy .02
Mt. Tamalpalc.30.0tf 4.1 42 NW Cloudy 4,"i
North Head ...29.86 46 38 NW Cloudy .04
Phoenix 30.04 64 42 E Cloudy 0<>
Portland 29.88 42 40 W Cloudy 1«
Red Bluff .-...aU.KJ 56 42 W Pt.Cldy 2S
Roseburg 29.94 4« 3.S SW Cloudy .2U
Pocatello 29.5B 36 40 NW Snow XI
Sacramsnto ...30.04 54 42 SW Pt.CltJy .14
Salt Lake 20.64 44 32 NW Snow Jil
San Francisco.. 30. 10 56 48 W Cloudy 19
S. L. Obispo. .30.14 58 40 W Cloudy 24
San Diego 3O.08 62 60 NW Cloudy .0t
Seattle 29.84 42 3b N Cloudy T
Spokane 29.64 36 28 NW Cloudy .00
Tatoosh 29.82 42 34 NW Cloudy .00
Walla Walla. .29. 64 38 36 W Snow .12
Wlnnemucca ..29.70 42 32 SW Cloudy .01
Yuraa 30.02 62 40 S Pt.Cldy .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS ANT> OENERAL.
FORECAST.
The pressure ls rising rapidly on th« eoeat
ncrth of San Francisco. The storm la now
over Nevada and Utah and will probably pass
rapidly eastward. Rain has fallen throughout
th» entire State, with snow In the mountains.
High winds are reported at Carson City.
Wlnnemucca, Modena, Independence, Flasstaft
and North Head.
Forecast made at Saa Francisco for thirty
hcurs ending midnight. December 25:
California, north of Tehachapl — Cloudy and
unsettled weather Sunday, clearing- In west
portion, showers in foothills and east portion,
fresh southwest winds.
California, south of Tehachapl — Cloudy and
unsettled weather Sunday, possibly light show
ers: light southwest winds.
Nevada — Snow flurries Sunday: cooler.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Sunday,
breaking away during the day; fresh west
winds.
Los Angeles and vicinity — Cloudy and un
settled weather Sunday, possibly «hower»; fresh
southwest winds.
Sacramento— Clearing Sunday; fresh aooth
winds.
Fresno — Clearing Sunday; light north winds;
cooler. A. G. McADIE.
District Forecaster.
California as a \tfine Producer.
'California and New Tork axe the
greatest grape growing States in the
Union, and so far as quality is con
cerned It is said the Eastern product
is superior. Quantities of wine are an
nually produced In our State, and rrnich
of it is high grade, but in the trade, as
a rule, the California product is re
garded as cheaper and le$3 meritorious
—whether this be due to lack of cap
ital or to impatience to put the wine
on the market before it is properly
matured. Some idea of the relative
quality of the output of the two States
can be gained from the statistics as to
quantity and value. New York pro
duces every year about half a million
gallons of wine and California some
two million gallons. And yet the value
of the Eastern output is $3,000,000 while
that of California, with a quantity four
times as great, is only 53,000,000. Our
wine growers should consider this fact
and set about to improve their wine.—
Rural Califorr»ian.
New Things at Fairs.
What on earth wauld our great
grandfathers have said if some one had
told them the county fair would be the
all-embracing "holy show" it is to-day?
When horse pacing and high diving
were accounted regulation features of
these gatherings • it was natural that
the homely things which were the cor
nerstones of the exhibitions should be
lost to sight. But If even twenty-flve
years a so some bold farmer had dared
suggest that the day would come when
automobiles, vehicles not dependent
upon live stock for their means of loco
motion, would constitute the chief at
traction at the county's rallying place
he. would have been declared a traitor
to his calling. Still, that is just what
has con^e tor>ass in Connecticut, where
an automobile parade' has proved the
piece de resistance at one of these fall
fairs.— Boston Transcript.
The fellow who . drives a milk cart
may also be on the water. wagon.