THB WEATHER.
. ' ■-■■-:-' '■-:-X
Forecast ccade at San Frantisco for
thirty hours, ending midnlrht Decem
ber 10:
6an Frar.eieco and Vicinity — Cloudy
Saturday; fresh »outherly winds.
a. g. mcad:e,
District Forecaster.
VOLUME XCVII— NO. 10.
SLAUGHTER AT PORT ARTHUR
Men Fall by Hundreds
on the Ramparts.
Trenches Filled With Dead
Failure of Japanese
General Assault.
Hand to Hand Fighting
The following graphic story of the general assault on
Port Arthur tells of the desperate attempts made by the
Japanese to take the fortress. Driven back by showers of
shot and shell, they fought like demons until the trenches
were filled with the dead and dying. The loss of life was
appalling.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE JAP
ANESE THIRD ARMY. BEFORE
PORT ARTHUR. Nov. 28, via Tien
tsin, December 9 (Probably held at
headquarters for censorship). — The
general assault on Port Arthur, which
began at noon on November 26, is still
in progress. In the first series of as
saults an attempt was made to cap
ture the forts on Rihlung and Kek
v.-cn mountains by penetrating the
principal line of fortifications . sur
rounding them and to envelop the
city from the east. At the same time
a strong force pushed up the gorge of
the Shuishi Valley, between the two
fortified ridges, and attacked the sup
porting fort in the rear of West Rih
lung Mountain, officially called Sung-
Fhu Mountain, with the intention of
erveloping the city from the west.
The attempt failed after the most
furious fighting, that has been wit
nessed since Port Arthur was invested.
The fighting lasted from noon of No
wember 26 until after dawn of the
following day without cessation.
The assault began early in the
morning with a tremendous bombard
ment of the forts on the western half
cf the eastern fortified ridge by tc bat-
tery, which had been placed in posi
tion on the crest of a ridge to the rear.
For hours the whole -western half of
the fortlSed ridge was deluged with
heavy shells. At noon the principal
line of fortifications was a perfect hell
of bursting shrapnel and the spectacle
was more wonderful than anything
previously seen.
The front lines of infantry, having
been strongly reinforced, began an at
tack simultaneously along the entire
line from East Kekwan Mountain to
West Rihlung Mountain. Through the
haze caused by the smoke of the burst-
Ing shells the assaulters could be seen
emerging from the cover of the
parallels, as well as swarming up the
fortified ridge at half a dozen differ
ent points.
MEN" FALL BY HUNDREDS.
Rifles, rapid-fire guns and machine
guns blazed from the Russian posi
tions, where advances were made in
the open. The men went down by
hundreds. The forts were belching
smoke and bursting shells and the
ramnart walls were black with as
saulters, who on reaching the crests
met with an awful flre from within
the forts, which swept down line after
line of Japanese.
As fast as the assaults were repulsed
more Japanese swarmed up, only to
be mowed down in turn.
The determination ana fury of the
Japanese assaults were equaled by the
stubbornness of the resistance of the
Russians.
On the eastern extremity of the line
the Japanese made an assault in an
attempt to capture the Russian
trenches situated midway on the slope
of East Kekwan Mountain. The Jap
anese paralleled some thirty yards of
the Russian trench line and an entire
regiment charged across, the men fall-
Ing by hundreds before the awful flre
of the Russians. But Btill more men
came on over the bodies of those who
MRS. FAIR'S
BELONGINGS
ARE SOLD
Special Diiratch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Dec. ».— Connoisseurs,
curio?!ty seekers and casual buyers as
sembled this afternoon at the Knicker
bocker Art Gallery at the opening of
the eale of Jewels, laces, furs and other
personal belongings of the late Mrs.
Charles L. Fair. The objects offered
were most varied In character and
ranged from cigarette cases to apostle
epoons .and silver communion cups.
Seme of the handsomest sliver pieces
were immense salvers, tea sets and
heavy candelabra bearing the names of
famous silversmiths. These brought
fairly good prices.
The silver trifles, such as boxes, bon
bon dishes and bottles, also sold well.
The miniatures, ivories and vases
brought only a fraction of their orig
inal cost. There were also several bar
gains in fine laces. The total of the
sale for 180 numbers was $4460 20.
Inverness Ajrain Afloat.
'LONDON. Dec. 9. — The British
steamship Inverness, from Tacoma for
Yokohama, which went ashore at
Mororau on November 23, has been
floated and la apparently undamaged.
The San Francisco Call.
had fallen, and by sheer weight of
numbers they reached .the trenches,
which they captured at the point of the
bayonet.
The Russian shrapnel fire made the
captured section of the trenches a per
fect hell, while the Japanese shrapnel
flre assisted the. captors to push east
and west along the trench line.
The assaulters succeeded in holding
some eighty yards of the trench in
front of the parallels, but their efforts
to rush the trench line east and west
was a failure, owing ' to Impassable
burning pits which filled the whole
space of the trench on the northern
side, as well as to the fact that their
progress was barred by the flre of the
Russian machine guns. s
DEAD FILL THE TRENCHES.
The Japanese built traverse walls
across the trench under the protection
of their machine guns and tried to cross
the pits, but they were unable to do so.
At 6 o'clock in the evening a furious
Russian counter-attack drove the Jap
anese back to the parallels with great
loss.
At 9 o'clock the Japanese again cap
tured the same portion- of the trench
and made .desperate but unsuccessful
«n*«rts to cross the pits. — ' ' - - ~..~
The awful struggle continued until 2
o'clock in the morning, when the Rus
sians again counter-attacked and re
captured the trench which was piled
with dead bodies. For over thirty
yards between the trenches there was
a veritable shambles. The last attacks
and counter-attacks were made over
the bodies of the slain.
The flrst attempt to rush the fort
on the northern part of Kekwan
Mountain was made at 1 o'clock ; in
the afternoon, when the assaulters
swarmed up the rampart wall from
the moat and met with an awful fire
from within and from the Chinese
wall in the rear of the fort. When the
Russians saw that it was the intention
of the Japanese to rush the fort they
moved a considerable force from the
Chinese wall into a gorge to the east
and to the rear of the fort. During
the fotfr or five assaults which the
Japanese made upon the fort some of
the garrison attempted to evacuate
the fort over the rear ramparts, but
they were fired upon by the Russian
force in the gorge.
FAIL TO RUSH THE FORT.
As the result of the flrjt assault the
rampart walls were black with bodies.
In the second assault the Japanese
succeeded in gaining a foothoM in th«»
interior, where the defenses were
bomb-proof, with raised lines of pro
tected trenches in the rear of the fort,
where the machine guns swept the
front of the fort and the walls.
The assaulters attacked this bomb
proof maze, where the fighting was
hand-to-hand with bayonets and gren
ades.
The Japanese mounted six moun
tain guns on an intrenched hill called
"P" fort. Immediately to the west, in
an endeavor to silence the fire of the
Maxim guns, but they were unsuccess
ful.
At 3 o'clock in the morning the
Continued on Page 2, Colnmn 1.
MUST WED
OR SUBMIT
TO A FINE
Special Dispatch to The Call
STAMFORD, Conn., Dec. 9— it was
ascertained here this" afternoon that
there has been in town for some
months past a marriage club composed
of ten men about town, and that the
principal object is, as the name sug
gests, to get married.
At stated Intervals , lots are drawn
The member whose' name is drawn
from the hat must get married 'within
six months or else pay a forfeit of $25,
which will be good only for six months!
One member of the club was married
a few weeks ago and another has an
nounced his marriage for next Feb
ruary. The member who has already
taken the step is Wilbur Cole Bying
ton, whose bride was Miss Lillian
Herdt. The member to announce his
engagement is William T. Austin, or
ganist and choir director of St. An
drew's Episcopal Church. His fiancee
is Miss Helen Noble of Columbus. Ohio.
No Activity Among: Troops.
MUKDEN, Dec. 9. : — The cannonade
of the last two days has hot been fol
lowed by any serious movement of
troops.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY; DECEMBER 10, 1004.
SOCIALIST
ARRAIGNS
VON BULOW
Objects to Attitude, ol
Chancellor Toward
Russia,
Says Germany Has Chosen
Inopportune Moment to
Increase Army.
BERLIN, Dec. 9. — Herr von Volmar.
Socialist, relieved Herr Bebel. the So
cialist leader, to-day, in the assault
upon the Government. At the conclu
sion of a long speech sharply arraign
ing Chancellor von Bulow for his.al
leged overfriendly attitude toward
Russia, Von Voltmar took up Emperor
William's telegrams referring to the
one sent to President Roosevelt. He
said:
"In coolness of telegram style we
could learn something from the Ameri
cans. The dispatch Is in one respect
nyt without advantage for Germany,
since the empire's head in a telegram
to President Roosevelt did not address
him personally, but expressed his ad
miration of the United States.".
Von Volmar in the earlier part of
his speech pointed out that the Govern
ment had chosen an inopportune mo
ment to increase^ the army. "Russia,"
he continued, "is so crippled from a
military and moral sense that there
can arise no question of danger on the
eastern frontier for a long time, and
Europe is thereby relieved of an enor
mous burden, and Russia's defeat has
given a severe blow, to France's | pol
icy of revenge.
"It would be a crime to advise Ger
mans to lend money to Russia under
the present circumstances, and it would
be a breach of neutrality if Germany
allows the new Russian fleet to be built
here.';. . - ,._• . v'"l..^ ' — -.:... ■-.■■■
'Referring to Von Bulow's words • in
reply to Bebel, Von Volmar expressed
amazement at the fact that "anybody
can call the struggle against Russian
despotism a crime. It is only explica
ble through our deep-seated sub
servience and subjection to Russia."
The Socialists loudly applauded the
speaker's remark that the "Chancel
lor's policy toward Russia is a rein
surance against democracy."
Quoting Von Bulow's complaint that
the Socialists wanted to overthrow the
existing order of things In Russia, Von
Volmar turned to the Chancellor and
said:
"Yes, Mr. Chancellor of the empire,
that is what we wish to do, and we
have all Europe as our accomplices."
This statement was greeted with tre
mendous and long applause from the
Left.
The Chancellor showed evident re
spect for his antagonist, who is a Ba
varian nobleman and still betrays the
effects of a wound received during
the Franco-Prussian war. The Chan
cellor referred to Von Volmar's "chiv
alrous defense of Herr Bebel" and
defended the Government's policy to
ward Russia. He asserted that it was
one of strict neutrality, correspond
ing with the traditional attitude of
Germany toward the Russian empire,
and regretted that the Socialists treat
ed Russian relations wholly from the
standpoint of a political party, just as
many Germans gave vent to their
feelings during the Boer war to exer
cise the ostensible and moral right to
criticize foreign affairs.
"The German," he continued, "has
an unfortunate sympathy for an' un
fortunate land."
RACING MAY BE STOPPED
BY MISSOURI LiEGISIiATURE
Governor-Elect Folk Is Quoted as
Saying He Will Urge Repeal
of the Present Law.
ST. LOUIS, Dec. 9.— Governor-elect
Joseph L. Folk is quoted to-day in the
Chronicle, which has Joined the Post-
Dispatch in making a fight on horse
racing in Missouri, as stating that he
will urge the repeal of the Missouri
breeder's law and the wiping out of
horse racing in this State in his first
message to the Legislature.
In reply, to letters and telegrams
asking them what attitude they will
take on the question of repealing the
breeder's law of 1896, under which horse
racing is legalized in Missouri, twenty
eight newly elected members of the As
sembly stated to-day they would heart
ily favor the repeal of the law. About
as many more replied they wished time
to consider the issue. Not one Repre
sentative nor Senator was wiUing to
go on record as being opposed to the
repeal of the breeder's law. The fight
between the Unipn Jockey Club and
the Western Jockey Club has had much
to do with causing the present condi
tion of affairs.
NEW ORLEANS, Dec. 9.— It Is the
general impression among the horse
men here that President Bush and the
other officers of the -Crescent City
Jockey Club are badly frightened at
the rumpus which has been stirred up
by the Western Jockey Club in turning
down the request of the rival of the
Crescent City Club for dates.
President Bush is saying "No revi
sion" to his friends, but at the same
time it is known that leaders in the
councils of the Crescent Jockey Club
held a number of conferences behind
closed doors. It Is reported here that
it was the decision 'of several of the
largest stockholders of the Crescent
City Club that things had been carried
with too high a hand, and that it might
not be a bad thing to recede from their
original position. » President :Heasllp of
the New -Orleans Jockey Club says no
further steps will be taken, in its fight
until • Mr. Corrlgan. returns from Kan
sas City. :. \
NO FRIEND
NOW COMES
TO HER AID
Mrs. cnaawick Still
Behind Boors o!
Priin.
Will Not Go Voluntarily to
Cleveland to Face Her
Accusers.
Special Dl6patcH;to The Call.
NEW YORK, Dec' 9.-^After. having
announced her intention , to waive ex
amination here and return at once to
Cleveland to face > her accusers, Mrs.
Cassie L. Chadwick changed her mind
late this afternoon 'and ' decided to
spend another night in her-cell in the
Tombs. Her attorneys did not know
to-night what her plans! would be.
Every possibility, of obtaining bail here
appears to have beenexhausted. Where
a few months ago'she secured sums ap
proaching millions from banker friends,
she is now unable to get the few thou
sands which would unlock her prison
doors. '■>
It Is because of the sentiment against
her in Cleveland that her attorney
there, a one-time lav.' partner, of Wil
liam McKinley, advised her by tele
graph to-day under no | circumstances
to think of leaving New York. for the
present, even though , she \ meanwhile
has to remain In prison. Her attorneys
here, Philip Carpenter, and, Edmond W..
Powers, also urged her to remain, and
finally, apparently against her own will
and judgment, she yielded to r their ad
vice and at the last moment notified
United States Marshal Henkel . that ; he
need make no further/ preparations to
take her away. This was Rafter.;, the
train had jbeen \ selected " onVwhiibht she
.was ,to • be taken awajiju^der chargetof
a**de*pQly" > marsHal. ;"■'.*'.'" " .^"^'.^\'^
She succeeded in almost exhausting
the patience of 'the Federal officials,
who have gone far out of their, way to
extend courtesies to her. For hours she
kept Marshal Henkel, United States
Commissioner Shields and Assistant
United States District Attorney'Bald
win waiting for her decision whether
she would or would not waive exam
ination and go to Cleveland under ar
rest. •V"'
With the suspense ended as to her
possible arrest, Mrs. Chadwick ap
peared to recover her spirits and was
in much better physical and mental
condition to-day. She spent a rest
less night, but was able in the moraine
to eat the most of a special breakfast
ordered from the "Tombs Delmonlco."
Her other meals during the day were
equally satisfactory to her. and at mid
night to-night she was reported as
sleeping peacefully.
Mrs. Chadwlck's day began with the
prison call of "All up" at half-past
6 o'clock. The matron went to her to
explain the . prison regulations and
found her* dressing and apparently
much Improved both In mind and body.
After breakfast her flrst callers were
Lawyers Carpenter and Powers, who
had to tell her that the possibility of
obtaining- bail seemed as remote as
ever.
Mrs. Chadwick has several times la
mented the taking of her little medi
cine chest from her when she entered
the prison, but so far as can be learned
It contained nothing except harmless
drugs. Warden Flinn is taking no
chances on the possibility that his
prisoner may do herself bodily harm.
So fearful is he that in desperation she
may try to end her troubles that he
has taken the unusual precaution of
having her constantly watched by a
woman attendant, who Is Instructed not
to let Mrs. Chadwick out of her slcht
for a single minute. He has also had
the knives and forks taken/ from her
tray when meat is sent to her cell, so
that she had to have her chops cut ud
for her, and a spoon was the only uten
sil that she had to use.
FDAW IN HER MARRIAGE.
Name in Plttsburjr Ceremony Said to
Hnvo Been Twisted.
PITTSBURG, Dec. 9.— There is evi
dence that there was a scheme by
which a marriage, seemingly bogus,
was part of the game by which cer
tain Plttsburg business men dropped
$300,000 to the woman now In jail
in New York and Dr. L. S. Chadwick.
That the marriage in Pittsburg of Mrs.
Cassie L. Hoover and - Dr. Leroy S.
Chadwick was no marriage at all, and
that unless the reported Canadian
marriage was better than the Pitts
burg affair Mrs. Chadwick has no
right to the name, is the opinion of
many of the best attorneys , of Pitts
burg, who have lately become familiar
with the case.
When Dr. Leroy S. Chadwick. and
Mrs.) Cassie L. Hoover stood • up in
front of Rev. A. H. Jolly to be mar
ried they had > no marriage license.
They handed the minister a license is
sued to VLeroy S. Schadwlck and Mrs.
Cassie L. • Hoover." It . was plainly
written by Dr. Chadwick himself.
Dr. Chadwick has not yet taken out
any license to marry Mrs. Hoover in
Pennsylvania. Whether; or not It was
necessary for her , in carrying out her
plans here to show herself -a mar
ried woman and that she hastily fixed
up the deal with the Cleveland. physi
cian, who agreed 'to "go through the
ceremony with her under a doctored
name, is now, a question. ;
SAYS ' SHE , IS ' MME. DEVERE.
Lawyer Convinced That . It - Was Mrs.
j Chadwlck's Name, V
WASHINGTON, * Dec. ;,'-.^.—Repre
sentative "James Southard of the Ninth
PORTRAIT PAINTER SUES
WIFE OF HOWARD GOULD
SAYS SOCIETY WOMAN REFUSES
TO PAY HIM FOR HER PICTURE
District was the Prosecuting Attorney,
of * Lucas. County, Ohio; when Mme.
Devere wasitried and sentenced to the
penitentiary. ;-He< conducted- the pros
eeutiohrand" remembers ,011- the cUe tails.'
of.it^T^'-'v"' " '"""" 7":;""T^v j r'T l
•J"I ' am convinced ttfat Mrs. Cassie
L;' Chadwick is none other than Mme.
Devere, whom I sentto the Ohio pen
itentiary In 1891," Representative
Southard said to-day: "Her methods
and her subsequent actions all go to
convince me that I am right about it.
"Mrs. Chadwick's illness is. one of
the ruses which the Devere woman
manipulated to secure her parole from
the Ohio penitentiary. After she had
served a few years of her sentence
she convinced a lot of people that she
had tuberculosis and had only a short
time to live.' Because of this many
people signed a petition to the Board
of Pardons to parole her. She was
finally paroled.
"During all the time she has. been
out of the Ohio penitentiary she has,
under the law, been obliged to re
port once a month to the prison au
thorities. I have no doubt she has
managed to prevent the fact that she
was on parole being known, but I
think if the prison records are search
ed it will be found that she has re
ported regularly."
SECURITIES ARE WORTHLESS.
Mrs. «Chndwick's Five Million Dollars
' Is on Paper Only. .
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Dec. 9* — Ac
cording to a story published here to
day, the package of securities belong
ing to Mrs. Chadwick and in posses
sion of Ira Reynolds, supposed to con
tain $5,000,000 worth of collateral, was
opened to-day. I It is declared that
while the face value of- the securities
is $5,000,000, the actual value is not
one cent.
It Is also stated that this package
was In a safe deposit vault in Jersey
City until yesterday, when it was taken
out and brought to this city by Rey
nolds. Reynolds refused to either
deny or confirm this report.
• District Attorney Sullivan made the
announcement to-day that . he nad
made all necessary arrangements with
Carnegie to have the latter at the pre
liminary hearing of Mrs. Chadwick In
New York on December 27.
NEWTON BLAMES REYNOLDS.
Says He Has Affidavit That Securities
Are Genuine,
BOSTON, Dec. 9. — Newton to-night
said: "Mrs. Chadwick represented to
me that she had certain securities in
the care of Reynolds and I. was shown
an affidavit signed by him stating that
he had in his possession stocks and
bonds belonging to her valued at
$5 000,000 and upward. I don't un
derstand that there is any question
concerning the genuineness of this af
fidavit and on that I rest my case."
The information was given out to
night that criminal proceedings would
probably be begun against Mrs. Chad
wick in Massachusetts if the securi
ties held by Reynolds should prove
worthless. - - . v r~.
SAID TO BE FORGED NOTE.
Securities for Millions Reported to
Have Carnegie's Name Affixed.
CLEVELAND, Dec. 9. — A note for
$5,000,000 with the forged signature
of ; Andrew Carnegie on it Is said on
the authority of one of the highest
officials in" Cleveland to be 'the only
security' found to-day upon opening
the envelope which Mrs. Chadwick
had given to Ira- Reynolds of- the
Wade Park Bank. .
GILLETT FATHERS BILL.
WASHINGTON. - Dec. 9.—Represen
tative j Glllett introduced In | the I House
to-day a bill ' to ; provide . for a survey
for . deepening the" channel at Hum
boldt"Bay arid' Crescent Cltv.
THB THEATEH3.
Al/JAZAR— "The Professor" ■ Lav
Story."
CALIFORNIA— "West's Mlnstr«ls.
COLUMBIA— "Her Own Way."
CENTRAL — "The Suburban."
CHUTES— Vaudeville.
FISCHER'S— Vaud«vtII«.
GRAND — "In Dahomey."
MAJESTIC— "The Senator."
ORPHEUM— Vaudeville.
TIVOLI— "Klnc Dodo*"
Matinees At All Theaters To-Day.
NEW YORK SOCIETY WOMAN
WHO IS SUED BY A PORTRAIT
PAINTER.
DEFIES LAW
FOR LITTLE
ONES' SAKE
Fattier Leaves Quar
antined Section
for Pood.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SPOKANE, Dec. 9. — In an emphatic
way Justice Hlnckle rebuked the
Health Department yesterday for the
arrest of E. C. Beasley on the charge
of .having violated the laws by break-
Ing quarantine when diphtheria pre
vailed in his household.
"I am a widower with two little chil
dren on my hands," said Beasley from
the • witness^ chair. ■ "On - thex day I
broke quarantine there wasn't wood
In the house, there wasn't food, and I
had only $2.- I took the money, bought
some milk at a grocery store for one
of my babies, and I went out along the
railroad track and found some fuel.
This was the only way open to nie for
relieving the distress of my family."
"I shall uphold the law against
breaking quarantine by fining you $1,"
said Justice Hinckle, "but you are to
pay no fine for this offense. You are
excused."
Beasley. a forlorn-looking man of
frail physique, returned to his home
on the school section.
ARSON CHARGE AGAINST
BANKER PERRY DISMISSED
Evidence Insufficient to Prove That
He Set Fire to the Locomotive
'-rVV'-'i- Works.
CHICAGO. Dec. .9.-1. N. Perry, the
former bank president, who was ac
cused of setting flre to the American
Locomotive .Works plant to obtain the
insurance, was discharged to-day af
ter a long hearing in court. In ren
dering his » decision Justice Foster
said:
. "The one strong circumstance
against the defendant is that the flre
was discovered shortly after, he left
the plant. The principal witness
against Perry' was his' former em
ployer. The evidence shows that he
had been conspiring against him and
his . business for months. The testi
mony of witnesses like these cannot
be given' credence. I am not satisfied
that the probable cause to believe the
defendant . guilty has been given by
the prosecution."
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Dec. 9.— Suit has been
begun by H. J. Thaddeus. a portrait
painter, against Mrs. Katherine Clem
mor.s Gould, wife of Howard Gould, for
$5000, the contract price, the artist as
serts, for a full length portrait of Mrs.
Gould, ordered by herself and begun a
year ago. The portrait in question is
completed and now stands in the studio
of Thaddeus in West Thirty-Third
street. He declares that after several
sittings Mrs. Gould abandoned her
project. Harris, Corwln, Gunnison and
Meyers. who represent Thaddeus.
served the complaint a week asro. to
which Abraham Hummell. attorney for
Mrs. Gould, has made answer.
The artist declares the picture was
ordered and sittings begun for it when
suddenly Mrs. Gould changed her mind
apparently and would not appear for
her engagements at his studio. For
three weeks, he continues, appointments
for sittings were made almost every
day, only to be broken by telegrams.
If appointments were for 11 o'clock in
the morning at 1 o'clock a telegram
would arrive. "Cannot come to-day;
will be there to-morrow at 3." An en
gagement would be made for that hour
and then would come another messasre
on the following day. "Will be down
to-morrow at 11 o'clock." Thaddeus
waited, and as nothing further devel
oped he brought suit.
Mrs. Gould in her answer sets ud
several reasons why the portrait should
never adorn Ca3tle Gould on Lone
Island. In the flrst place she declares
the artist has gone ahead with the por
trait without having had sittings suf
ficient to guarantee a likeness. In the
next place, he has failed to catch the
likeness; third, he has her wearlnz &
gown in the portrait which she does cot
like; fourth, the artist himself spoiled
the very thing for which the portrait
was intended. It was to have been a
surprise for Gould — a present — and
about the flrst thing Thaddeus did
when he had an opportunity was to
tell Gould all about it.
SUIT BROUGHT
FOR PRINTING
EmilBrugmere, the. Young
California Composer, in
Difficulty in Xew York
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Dec 9.— Emil Bru
gulere, the young Callfornian who
wrote the music of "The Baroness Fid
dlesticks," was to-night served with
papers in two suits brought against
him as he was getting In a carriage
in front of his home at 210 Fifth ave
nue. Mrs. Bruguiere was with him at
the time.
The sult3 are brought by A. Van
Buren & Co. and the O. J. Gude Com
pany for advertising and lithographs
for the show. The first named plain
tiff asks for $373 and the latter for
$450.
The "Baroness Fiddlesticks" has been
running at the Casino Theater for sev
eral weeks, but has not been popular,
and will be taken off the boards at tnat
playhouse. Brugulere wrote the music
for the production.
NEW WITNESS
IN WILL CASE
Alfred Amand Is to Testify
That Miss Dolbeer Jumped
Out of Hotel -Window
Bp«clal Di«patch to Tha Call.
NEW YORK, Dec. 9.— By far the
most remarkable development in the
celebrated Dolbeer will case which
has arisen out of the mysterious death
of the California heiress at the Waldorf
last July will come to-morrow when
Alfred Amand, before the new commis
sion In this city, will swear he saw Miss
Dolbeer deliberately raise her skirt3.
step upon the window ledge and stoop
ing low throw herself from the win
dow. Miss Warren, he declares, also
saw the death leap.
This testimony, which comes al the
eleventh hour, adds strength to the
theory that Miss Dolbeer committed
suicide. ,
STORY OP HELLMAN*S SALE
TO HUXTTXGTOX COXFlRSfED
Ftirchase Price Said to Equal About
14 Per Cent of the Magnate's
Outside Holdlnss.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 9.— The story
that Henry E. Huntington has pur
chased the interests of I. W. Hellman.
C. E. Deguinne and Antone Borel in
the Pacific Electric and Los Angeles
Interurban Railways has been con
firmed. The purchase is said to amount
to about 14 per cent of the stock of the
Huntington outside lines. Huntington
now owns an exact half interest in the
two roads, the remaining shares being
held by E. H. Harriman and his as
sociates.
NEGLECTS WIFE TO SPEND
MONEY OX AIRSHIPS
SPOKANE. Dec 9.— Because her hus
band preferred to squander his earn
ings in trying to invent a flying ma
chine, rather than purchase necessaries
for his family. Mrs. Fannie M. Stinson.
formerly of Coif ax. Wash., was given a
divorce to-day. Her husband. John M.
Stinson, is a printer. He made no con
test.2
OF
The Sunday Call's Free Piano
Lessons. (Lesson J\[o. 4.)
By W. Scott Grove. N
"Double Harness." (Fourth In*
siallment.)
By Anthony Hope.
Announcement Call's $50.00 per
Week Prize Story Contest
"Kentuck Randall's Estate."
By Fr?xk Corwin Radcliffe.
"Jottings of Old Lim Lucklin.
(On Lawyers.)
By Onic Feed. -j
"When Sianton Apologized."
By Leonard Adams.
"Life as an Affair of Honor."
"What Women Want to Know."
By Madse Moore.
"House of Representatives at
Washington."
Ful!-?£$je illustration showing members in
executive secsion.
"Chimmie Fadden."
Ey Edward W. Townsend.
"Fables for the Foolish."
By Nicholas Nemo.
"On and Of f the Bread Wagon."
By Charles Dryden.
"With the Season's Books."
By Rcbert W. Ritchie, The Call's literary
critic.
Puzzle Page.
Beautiful Art Supplement Free.
Entitled Laying the Foundation of the
Kremlin.
Mr. Dooley Article.
Slaughter at Port Arfflur.
Contlnued From Page 1. Column 2.
Japanese succeeded In establishing a
trench lino inside the ramparts, which
ihev still hold.
The first sections of the maze of
bombproofs were smashed and piled
■with the bodies of the dead of both
rides.
The ettempt to rush the interior of
the fort proved a failure, but portions
of the fort were temporarily occupied.
The defenders were annihilated or
were unable or unwilling to retire and
lous:ht to the last breach.
In the meantime a strong force of
Japanese attempted to pierce the line
of works east of the fort, but they
were unable to make progress.
It was marvelous how the Russians
v.eie able to strengthen their lines of
defence at the uoints of attack.
Another attempt was made to pierce
the principal line of fortifications sur
rounding the rear of the eastern part
of Panlung Mountain, where after four
furious attempts a small body of Japa
nese succeeded in getting through the
wall and in establishing themselves on
the lower slopes of Wantai Hill. The
liusfians rushed the eupports with ma
chine guns from the upper slopes of the
Wantai Hill forts, and the small party
of Japanese was practically anni
hilated. The most desperate fighting
took place at this point.
USE DYNAMITE GRENADES.
The laet effort of the assaulters was
made at midnight, assisted by artil
lery, which covered the slopes of Wan
tai Hill with an avalanche of shells.
The Russians fought with tremendous
ccuragr\ engaging the Japanese with
bayonets and grenades when they came
to close quarters. Th? Japanese finally
established a trench line five yards in
front of the line of fortifications, which
they now occupy. The forces are en
gaged in throwing dynamite grenades
at each other.
In the first assault against the fort
en the eastern part of Rihlung Moun
tain the Japanese were unable to gain a
foothold, though their artillery made
the interior fortF a seething caldron of
bursting shells. A 6trong force of Japa
nese worked up from the parallels in
ADVERTISEMENTS.
'■' HELLER & FRANK f
clot'h'i er's
Everr detail of yon r
f[ clotbc« ta Important K
7c and carefully ob- -i!
f served. Shoulderr. >£
collar, lapel, draplna-, «w?
etc We «rlve It aXl to >X
fJ" j-od. Orlfflnal smart fj§j
A clotbesi. Some Salts X
and Overcoats at 82O. t
§ MARKET STREET |
S AND GRANT AVENUE 3
g| M
the gorge between the fort hill and
Hachimakijama and Intrenched on the
hill in an effort to assist the assaulters
of the fort, who were attacking it from
the rear, and met with a terrible fire
from the outer works and with shrap
nel from a ridge in the rear. A small
party, of Japanese gained a roadway
leading to the rear of the fort, but was
forced to retire.
The attempts which were first made
to rush the western part. of Rihlung
Mountain, officially called Sungshu
Mountain, also ended in failure. The
Japanese reached the parapets from
the moat, but fled as fast as they came
under the fire from within the fortf
The walls were black with the assault
ers, who were deluged with shells from
the fort on Antse Mountain, across the
gorge of the Shulshi Valley, between
the two fortified ridges and from a fort
Immediately In the rear called the sup
porting fort of Sungshu Mountain.
IIAN'D-TO-HAN'D ENCOUNTERS.
At 9 o'clock at night a force of 2000
volunteers from the right division, led
by a general, started from a point
Eouthwest of Shulshi village.- pushed
up the gorge between the two fortified
ridges and attacked the supporting fort
of Sungshu Mountain, which is a short
distance outside the western confines
of Port Arthur, with the Intention of
enveloping the city from the west, and
also for the purpose of assisting the as
saulters of the two Rihlung Mountain
forts. This force reached the fort hill
and engaged a strong force of Russians
upon its slopes in a hand-to-hand en
counter, which lasted for two hours.
At the same time the Japanese as
saulting the east and west Rlhlung
forts made desperate attempts to rush
the interior of tha forts. They gained
the ramparts, inside which they estab
lished trench fines.
The Interior defenses of both forts are
the same as those on North Keekwan
Mountain, but the east Rihlung fort is
the largest and strongest of the three
forts. It has upper and lower levels.
The two lower levels were the scene
of the most awful struggle, which last
ed from 10 o'clock until midnight. Un
der cover of darkness Japanese
poured over the ramparts andturiously
attacked the first section of bomb
proofs. The defenders received them
with bayonets and dynamite grenades,
while the machine guns on the upper
levels poured a deadly hall into the
ranks of the Japanese.
The struggle was absolutely hand-to
hand. The defenders of the greater
part of the bombproofs on the lower
levels of the fort were annihilated, and
the sections and cross-sections of the
bombproofs were piled with corpses.
MOWED DOWN BY SLAVS.
The Japanese gained practically the
whole of the lower section of the fort,
but were mowed down by . machine
guns and rifles when they attempted to
assault the higher levels.
For an hour before midnight the
Japanese artillery Ehelled the higher
levels, while the Russian guns shelled
the lower levels.
A similar struggle was going on all
the time in the west Rihlung fort,
where the arrangement of the defenses
wes the same.
At 11 o'clock a desperate effort was
made by the Japanese to push a' force
up the gorge between the east Rihlung
fort^and Hachimakijama to assist the
assaulters against the supporting fort
of Sungshu Mountain, *. but again and
again this force was repulsed by the
Russians behind the works and by -the
guns on the ridge behind the fort.
At midnight the column attacking the
supporting fort of Sungshu Mountain
was compelled to retire, having lost
half the force. ' i
The struggle in "the two fc-rts was
continued until dawn, when the as-
THE, SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. DECEMBER 10. 1901
GENERAL OKU DRIVES
THE RUSSIANS OUT OF
THE ISLAND OF GUSHAN
Slavs Are Forced
to Leave Guns
Benind.
LONDON, Dec. 10.— The Daily Tele
graph's Tientsin correspondent reports
that General Oku, after a tlrree days'
artillery engagement drove the Rus
sians on Sunday out of the small lofty
island of Gushan in the river ten miles
below Llaoyangr- The Russians, It is
added, abandoned a quantity of sup
plies and several guns and retired to
a position eight miles northwest,
whence they heavily bombarded the
Japanese, setting fire to kerosene depots
and causing a great conflagration
which did not cease until Wednesday.
The Japanese are still gallantly holding
the island with a handful of men. Their
casualties, it Is alleged, number 5000.
According to the Morning Post's
Shanghai dispatch the Japanese forces
with the exception of those manning
the forts have already retreated to
Laote mountains.
Details continue to filter in of the
capture of 203 Meter hill. The Daily
Telegraph's correspondent before PoTt
jVrthur explains that the capture' was
due to a strong feint against the east
ern fortifications on the night of De
cember 6, which the position of 2C3
Meter hill, being an enfilading one,
forced the Russians to evacuate with
out a contest, to a parallel line of semi
permanent defenses extending east
ward and irregularly over the slopes
within a half-mile no^th of Etse Moun
tain.
The Japanese casualties at 203 Meter
hill alone exceeded the total of the bat
t'e of Nanshan, according to the Daily
Mail's Tokio dispatches. At 2 o'clock
in the afternoon of November 29 a To
mnyasu detachment with a battalion of
Infantry a,nd a company of engineers
received orders that they must cap
ture 203 Meter hill while a Yosid de
tachment of the same strength had
similar orders to capture Akasaka hill.
On November 30 it became necessary to
reinforce the attackers with a detach
ment under Major Shizuta. During the
operation the cold was so intense that
many of the men were frostbitten, as it
was necessary to pass the night with
out shelter. The Japanese after the cap
ture of 203 Meter hill anticipated a
terrible bombardment from the Russian
forts and made preparations according
ly, but the Russians remained strange
ly Quiet.
The same correspondent says that the
Russians at Port Arthur on December
7 resumed mine clearing operations,
presumably to enable the torpedo boat
destroyers to attempt to escape and
join the Baltic squadron.
SHIPS GIVEN' WARNING
Told to Keep Clear, of Pescaderos Off
Uie Coast of !<\>rmosa.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 9.— Griscom,
the American^ Minister at Tokio, has
cabled the State Department that
Pisher. the American Vice Consul* at
Nagasaki, reports that all shipping has
been warned to keep twenty miles
away from Pescaderos, an island off
the west coast of Formosa, and that it
is reported that fortifications are being
constructed at Seoul.
Japan Sends Reply to Hay.
TOKIO, Dec. 9. — Baron Komura,
Minister of Foreign Affairs, has de
livered the Japanese response to the
invitation of the American Govern
ment to participate in the proposed
peace conference to L._C. Griscom, the
American Minister, who has transmit
ted it to his Government at Washing
ton. The text of the response has jiot
been made public.
California Calendars for 1905.
California poppy, potnsettia, Chinese
and redwood calendars. All new — best
ever — ready for mailing. Open evenings.
Sanborn. Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. *
Japanese Officers Killed.
TOKIO, Dec. 9. — The imperial army
headquarters has published a list of
thirty-six officers killed and fifty-eight
wounded. No mention is made • of
where the casualties occurred, but it
Is presumably at Port Arthur.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
T&k* Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druesida refund the money if It falls to cure.
E. W. Grove's cittnature Is on each box. 23c*
ARMY STAFF IN WTlECK.
Collision Occurs on the Circum-Baikal
Lino, but No One Is Injured.
MYSOVAYA. RussiA, Dec. S.T-'The
staff of General Kaulbars, - commander
of the third army, has had a narrow
escape in the wreck of the special
train conveying them to the front. The
special collided with a freight train
on the Circum-Baikal Railroad yester
day in a blinding snowstorm. Not a
single passenger was hurt.
A Guaranteed Cure for Piles.
Itching, Blind, Bleeding or Protruding Piles.
Your druggist will refund money if PAZO OINT
MENT lails to cure you In il to 14 days. 00c*
COHX HELD FOR TRIAL.— Charles Cohn,
who was an "Me 1 Thursday night for embeizlins
a latter containing a check for $75, was held
for trial yesterday by United States Commls
sioner Heacock. Ball was fixed at (1000, and in
default Cohn was «ent to Jail. The letter was
addressed to Dr. J. C. Coburn and the check
made payable to his order. • • . . :..
UNITARIAN CLUB, ELECTION.— Alameda,
Dec 0. — Officers hare been chosen by the
Unitarian Club to serve for the ensuing year
as follows: President, Frank Otis; vice presi
dent. H. H. 8herwood; secretary-treasurer,
B. C. Brown; musical director Dr. W. K.
Scott. The foregoing, with the following, will
constitute the board of club directors: P. S.
nsringer. I>r. W. O. Smith. F. T. ,MOore.: H.
D. Clark, A. R. Baum. • .
saulters were compelled to retire to" the
trenches established inside the parapet
walls which they now occupy.
The fighting all the afternoon and
night was the most desperate and san
guinary since the siege began. The op
posing forces • were so close together
that only the fort walls or a- few yards
of level ground separated* them, The
struggle'from start to finish was at
close quarters, with bayonets and gren
ades and rifles used as clubs. The fero
city of the attacking . Japanese , -was
equaled by the defending Russians, who
died at their posts everywhere, fighting
till their last breath.
:■ At daylight on November 27 quiet
reigned, and the silence duringthe day
was broken only by occasional cannon
and desultory rifle .fire ut points along
the, fortified ridge,', where the forces
were far enough apart to use their
rifles.
Disabled Russian
Fleet at Mercy
of Enemy.
TOKIO, Dec. 9.— Since the taking of
203 Meter Hill it has been possible to
accurately find the range of the bat
tleships in the harbor of Port Arthur.
The bombardment of the Russian fleet
has thus been made effective from va
rious points apart from the hill Itself.
It is • believed that before lonpr every
torpedo boat destroyer, merchantman
and transport in the harbor will be
sunk. Only the Sevastopol of the Rus
sian battleshiDs remain above water.
Eight . destroyers are still untouched.
It is said that the strength of the gar
rison does not exceed 6000. The Jap
anese papers make no secret of the Joy
over the recent successes at Port Ar
thur.
The following report, dated December
8, 10 p. m., has been received from the
commander of the naval land batteries
in front of Port Arthur:
"Eight shells struck the protected
cruiser Pallada to-day and set her on
fire. Simultaneously .she besaii to list
to port, lowering astern. She is deemed
unfitted for navigation.
"During the action we discovered the
gunboat Giliak to the landward north
of the battleship Peresviet and bom
barded v^ier. Eleven of our shells were
effective. This vessel is also deemed
to be disabled.
"The hits made by our naval and
siege guns to-day total twenty-two.
The armored cruiser Bayan caught fire
at 11:30 o'clock this morning and the
fire was not extinguished at 4:15 in the
afternoon. Evidently the cruiser is se
riously damaged."
Another report from the same com
mander, dated at 3 o'clock this (Fri
day) morning, is as follows:
"As the result of our naval gun bom
bardment yesterday (Thursday) the
Bayan was hit six times and the Amur
fourteen times. The Amur is sinking
astern.
"Our cannonade directed against the
storehouses and arsenals at the north
east base of Paiyu Mountain resulted
In thirty-eix hits, causing great
damage.
In disabling the Russian fleet at Port
Arthur, precluding the possibility of
its being able to reinforce the Russian
Second Pacific squadron, the Japanese
have accomplished the main object of
the desperate assaults, against the
fortress which they have been making
for the past three months. There is
now a strong probability that, while
continuing the siege, they will avoid
losses of the magnitude already attend
ing their efforts, and. instead of as
saulting, will rely on starving out the
garrison until it Is finally captured. '
RUSSIAN'S ARE SILENT.
Do Not Reply to Plre^of Japanese on
. . . . the Port Arthur. Fleet. i-
r TOKIO, Dec- 9/8 p. m.— The latest ob
servations of the Japanese commanders
In front of Port Arthur show that there
is no activity in the west harbor or in
the visible portions of the east harbor.
The Russians, strangely, are not reply
ing to the Japanese fire.
.Considerable astonishment is ex
pressed here over the fact that the
Russians in no .way resisted the dis
abling of the Port Arthur fleet. In cer
tain quarters the opinion is entertained
that the Russians opened the seacocks
of the submerged vessels, so as to
lessen their exposure to the -Japanese
fire.
There was no sign of life on the Rus
sian ships during the bombardment,
and from this fact it is concluded that
the blue jackets took refuge on land
or that they are engaged in the land
defenses.
. With the Russian second Pacific
squadron approaching, those *in Toklo
cannot comprehend the failure of the
Russians to die hard and to inflict all
possible damage on the Japanese fleet,
even at the cost of weakening the ef
fective garrison.
Now that the Port Arthur fleet has
been disabled, it is deemed impossible
for the Russians to overcome the in
feriority ot the second Pacific squad
ron to Togo's fleet, unless, at present
unforeseen, the Black Sea fleet should
pass the Dardanelles.
SEAMEN WANT
MANY NEW LAWS
Many important resolutions were
adopted by the seamen's convention at
its session yesterday. The convention
voted to 'send a delegate to Washing
ton immediately after its adjournment
to promote if possible the passage of
various legislative measures.
A recommendation to petition Con
gress to enact a law compelling vessels
carrying United States mail to carry 75
per cent American citizens in their
crew was non-concurred in by the com
mittee on the. ground that it imposed
hardships on merchant marines as con
ditions now exist, and, further, that the
convention should be conservative in
its requests for legislation except In
such that pertain to life and property
afloat. -; : -,; ,i < ,. -■.?:■■■
A resolution urging the passage^ of
the bill (H. R. 14,856) prohibiting the
AD VKKTlSKAUiNTS.
Scrofula
It is commonly inherited.
Few arc entirely free from it
Pale, weak, puny children are
afflicted with it in nine cases out. of
ten, and many adults suffer from it.'
Common indications are bunches in
the neck, ; abscesses, cutaneous erup-
tions, .inflamed eyelids, sore- ears,
rickets; catarrh, wasting and general
debility.
Hood's Sdrsaparilla
s and Pills
Eradicate it, positively and absolutely.
This statement is based on the thou-
sands' of permanent cures these medi-
cines have wrought.
Testimonials of remarkable cures mailed on
request. ; C* I. HOOD CO.. Lowell, Masa. , '
ADVEKT1SE3LEXTS.
Free ! Free*
E:st*a'o*cH.iia*y Oiiet
TO
HOLIDAY SHOPPERS
To rrvi^ their
Holiday Purchases Before December J Oth.
Free<£9c: f\r\ Putchi $'7 /rn v/orth of goods *-. '•
with rurcluse • 4)/*DU your own choice r^
F A ce $10.00 P»«*« • $3 00 WOrth ° f g °tf ds Free
with •4'>vf«w <p>J.\JU your own choice -^ree
5ST $5.00 P-»- • $ 1.50 ;£*£*££, Free
t§ $2.50 w- . 75c. Zf^^ Free
Fr 5 e SlOQp^ha^. 25c wofthof^ s Fr^
with -p>*yJyJ z*>Ji~* your own choice rree
We want you to sec our
Grand Holiday Display of Beautiful
and Newest Creations
Elite Chinaware, Limoges China, French
China, Dinner Sets, Saiad Sets, Chocolate
Sets, Rich Cut Glass Ornaments, Vases,
Bric-a-Brac, Lamps, English Porcelain .Ware,
Novelties, and Dolls.
Fancy Articles of Every Description. Prettiest* .
Daintiest and Newest Things made, Collecte4
I from the Markets of the World.
Top Quality Teas, Coffees, Spices, Extracts,
Baking Powder, Cocoa, Chocolates.
We want you to see our very reasonable prices*
We want you to come just to look.
Take advantage of this very liberal offer.
CUT HERE CUT HERE "~
CUT OUT THIS COUPON, bring it to any of oor stores before
■j December 10, 1904, and receive with each purchase as listed n
ir. above a very handsome present of your own selection. S
=, SAN FRANCISCO CALL, Dec 10 , 1904 =
s Come just to look. »
u Bring this Coupon with you to any of our stores. 3
NOT GOOD AFTER DECEMBER in. 1904
Ct'T HKRE ■ CUT HERE
Great American imoortingTeaCo.
CXTT STOBTSS;
8flMark«t«t. 313 Sutler rt. 705Z*rkinrt. 2732 24U» rt.
140 Sixth at. 2008 FiUmore st. 14C ninth ■!. 206 Third st.
475 Haisrht at. 355 Hayes st. 63 Markets*. 409 Fourth st.
1819 Bevisadero st. 3006 Sixteenth st. 631 Montsromery »ve. 36C Third st.
141* Polk st. S285 MiBsiou st. 3516 Mission st.
OASIAHB, A14MEDA AKZ> BEBZS2ITS' STOBZS:
1053 Washlasrton «t. 1510 Seventh st. Berkeley, 3141 Center st
ii85 23dftve. - 616 S. 12th Bt. . Alomeda. 1355 Park rt.
BTOEFS IN OTHE B CITIES AITD TO WHS:
Ean Jose, 128 S. First at. San liernardlco, 421 Third at. Lois Beach, 2S0 Pitt* a**.
Bacratrento, 428 K at. S Bantu Barbara, 734 Stato at. M«rced. 40S Main -«U
tracraiuento, fcO4 J st. 6an Dl^go. S22 Fifth at. Nevada.Cltr.Pina atMaa.bldr. -
Santa Cruz. 140 Pacific ar*. SanLulrObi»po.72t»Htruera«t. R. ; rt!ani.'s, IS E. Stats at. .
Etocktcn, -4-15 K. Main at. Tulare, Kern at., near K. Santa Monica. 227 Third at.
Gllroy, 13 N. Monterey at. Virginia City. 68 8. C at. Santa Ana. 2C9 E. Fourth at.
■ Lcn Oatos. Kast Main st. Vrntura. 206 Main at. Vlvalla. 210 Mala et.
EanLtandro.SanLorenzoar*. Crockett. Woodland. S3A Main at.
Loi«Anjjele», 42."S. Broadway. Lincoln. WatsonrlHe. 823 Mala rt.
LcsAngeleK,2323Pa3adena av. Wlntera. fifntcli. 6 First at.
Salt Lake, 24.1 Main st. !< -dwood City. ■ Chsoo.Bdwy..b«t.3d aV4th at*
Portland. 331 Washinston at. Eutter Cvcek. CaraonClt} .Cara'n at.nr.Klac.
Portland, 22.1 First st. Napa. D Main st. BrUham City. Main st.
Seattle. DCS Second ar*. Petaluma. 828 Main et. Mod«nto. 10th at., b«t. HAL
Seattle. 30» Pike st. St. Helena. Main at. Oroville. SOS Meyer* at.
Tacoma, 037 C st. Sinta Rosa, 411 Fourth it. Provo. Academy ave.
Spokane. 910 Spraru« av*. Vallejo. 339 Georgia at. ParkCUy.Maln at.Schtelda b*.
Ojrden. 340 Twenty-nfth at. Haytvards,Bat.,b«t.MainAlat. RMBIulT.Mnln A Oak at*.
BakersCeld. 1S13 19th at. Ean Rafael. 823 Fourth st. Salinas. 234 Main at.
Kr-ane. 1145 J at. Pasader.a. 190 E. Colorado rt. OregonCity.Maln it.so.5th.
Mjiryav:lle. S32 D at. AKtorln, 671 Commercial at. H-^ldsVurg.
Pomona. 402 W. Second irt. Eugene, ao E. Ninth »t. Placervill*. •
Hum. 1* Commercial row. Eureka, cor. Fifth and F at*. Ocean View.
Reddta*. 421 Market at. Grass Valley. 66 Mill 8t. Caliatoga
RIvrrsMe, 0S1 Mntn at. Hanfnrd. 209 N. Irwln at Fonoma.
Our 100 Stores Help Us to Help You. '
towing at sea of more than one barge
at a time was adopted, also a resolu
tion urging the passage by Congress of
the bill (H. R. 12,534) prohibiting the
towing of log rafts on the Pacific
Ocean.
An amendment to the constitution
was adooted providing for a more ex
peditious method for collecting assess
ments from .the affiliated bodies in aid
of unions on strikes or lockouts.
A paper entitled "Seaman," written
by Representative Livernash and in
troduced by him in the last session of
Congress, was indorsed as a correct
statement of the seamen's position.
The following resolutions were con
curred in by the committee:
"Wnereas. Pas<»enKer nt«am«T8 In th? Panama
trade on the Pacific, passenger eteamorn on
the Great Lakes and passenger steamers on
the Atlantic Coast are bcth lnernclfntly and
Insufficiently manned In this respect, that such
men as they carry are mostly landsmen and
their number is so small that even If they
were skilled aeamen there would not bo suf
ficient of them to place one In each lifeboat
In case of disaster to the vcasl; and.
Whereas, Boats, or other llfe-flavlnx appli
ances, are of no use without men knowing how
to handle them: and,
i Whereas, Recent disasters In San Francisco
harbor, on the Puget Sound and In New York
hnrbcr have unnecessarily and for the above
stated reasons caused a jt/ruesome loss of hu
man life: theref3re, be It
Resolved. By the International Seamen's
t'nlon of America, In convention assembled,
that we hereby protest against the liberty (?)
vrhlch permits one man on shore to wantonly
risk thousands of human lives in order to
save the few dollars wMch an effective crew of
skilled men would cost In addition to the
present cost of manning the vessel; further
Resclved. That we urge upon Congress th*
passage of H. R. 13.771. to amend the laws
relative to seamen, to prevent the underman
nlng of American vonsols and to encourage
the training of boys In the merchant marine;
further . ' l * .
Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions
be eubmltted to Congress with our earnest peti
tion that they be given friendly consideration.
A resolution was adopted that no
member of the affiliated unions who is
also a member of an organization not
affiliated with the International Sea
men^ Union Is eligible as a delegate to
any convention.
A resolution was Introduced by Dele
gate Archie Long providing that a del
egate to the American Federation of
Labor convention shall be chosen from
two or moro organizations representing
the International Seamen's Union of
America.
.".A resolution introduced asking for
the improvement in the living quarters
of -the* employes' of -the steward's de
partment on vessels, in accordance with
the terms of H. R. 13,771, was adopted.
.'A resolution urging the enactment of
legislation prohibiting the use of fish
traps or flshwheels, and requesting the
co-operation of packers to that end,
was adopted.
A resolution was adopted asking Con
gress for the passage of a law abolish
ing, the punishment by imprisonment of
seamen for desertion : in foreign ports.
The present law allows a seaman to de
sert his ship in ports of the United
States and nearby ports, as Canada.
Mexico, West Indies, .Bahamas and
Newfoundland. The resolution appeals
to Congress to amend section 4596 of
the Revised Statutes. and the treaties
with foreign nations so as to give to
the" seaman / the- full and inalienable
rleht of ownershin in his own body.'.
XO CHOLERA NOR PLAGUE
DISCOVERED ON' STEAMERS
Coronation and Coulsnlon Released
After Being Held at Xew York
on Suspicion.
NEW YORK, Dec. 9. — The steamers
Coronation and Coulsdon, which have
been held at the quarantine station on
suspicion that there might be cholera
and bubonic plague on board, were
released by the health officers to-day.
Sword of Honor for Snkharoff.
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 9.— Emperor
Nicholas has conferred upon Lieuten
ant General Sakharoff and Lieutenant
General Bilderling gold swords of honor
set with brilliants and inscribed "For
vulor."
ADVEiiTlSJiaiEXTS.
"To;- months I had ereat trauma iritlt bit itnm>e)i j
/.ml used all kinds of medieluiis. liy tongue has I
been nf JuallT tm greon as er»t*. ny br»ath haviBZ I
• bod odor. Two week* ago a friend recommended I
Cascaret-t and afUr u»in$ them t ean willingly and
checrfuily »ny that th«y ha»« entirely curclm*. I
therefor* let Ton know that 1 thai] rrrommend
th»m to nny ens infferlnr fmm tneh trr>nbl#»."
Cho». II. JiMimu.lW r.iYlnwtoa St.. New York.N.T.
xffllk,. CANDY CATrtAjmC
Pleassnt. PalataVo. Potent, Tasta Good. DoOeod.
Nerer snek««n. »V».-jkon f>r Grip-. Me. He, We. Nersr
yoM In hnlk. Th« tonnlne tables atamped CCC.
uaarnntacd to cure or your mauoy back.
Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or N.Y. 598
AHHUALSALE, TEN MILLION BOXES
{) visit DR. JORDAN'S orcat4
OF fiHATOHYf
h O) 1C51 UA2ZK 67. tat Stklft, S.r.CiL A
\ ty Tbc Largest Anateaical Mimrum in fb* \
ft j-rrJ°f~\- V/otld. \T«mknt»«t «r any c«mi>ri*<1 Q
. Cr^Sfw rt:»ei»e p»»*«l»»ly taradti; At olaeit T
Q T*2?£31 ipcciiiiit on ilioCoMt En ;ft rear*. 0
0 /J' 6^ ft 0R * JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN 4
1/ I 1$**L ft Tr»itm*">» ptr»«»>ly or bT Utter. A Q
V a nr Uh /"tnlH« CVr« ia jreijr c»i« un.!ert»*cn. X
APn Hi Wri««ft*iVM*.rmi.o««ornv«r A
V » jl r» UannUCE, HAILED fist. (AY
A A JJ. vshitbl* beak (*r mm) " \
V DB. JORDAN & VO.. 1MI M«rt#lSt..S. F. V
foAm-cool CURE SICK HEADACHE.
uAKlLno . .I".'- ••„■••
E3ittle Genuine Must Bear
pJVER Fac-Simile Signature
ADVERTISEMENTS. ;
jjaltao status skaztch
STATEMENT
. OK THE
CONDITION* AND AFFAIRS
■ — or the — •
CALEDONIAN INSURANCE
COMPANY
OF EDINBURGH. In the Kingdom of Great
Britain, en th? 31st day of December. A.
D. 1903. and for the year ending on that day.
as'made to the Insurance Commissioser of tw
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and «!U of th» Politic*! Code,
condensed aa per blank furnished by the Coa>-
mi.«sicntr. ASSETS.
Real Estata owned, by Company.. M33.187 19
Caah Market Value ot all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. . »**•»«> 00
Cash In Company's Office .-*«£«-•»
Cash in Banks .• *»».KSS .-
Interest due- and arenied on fci! ._..„.«
ftocks and Loan* 12.44., 53
Prerr.'uiM In due Course of Col-
lection t».«5 SO
Bill* receivable. not Matured.
tak»n for Fire and Marine Rt»ks 3«7 93
True from other Companies for R»-
insurance on losses a'.ready paid 8=3 «4
Du* from other Cornr*.n*es s.ww ei
Tata! A-et. .$1.734.353 M
. . • IJ ABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and uopald $31,641 49
Losses In process of Adjustment op
In Suapense 57.13* «2
Losses resisted, tncludlnc expense* «,421 59
Gross premium* on Fire Hliks ran.
n!na one year or less, $770.-
S01 Sl:Teln»uranp* 50 per cent.. S83 40O 65
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
n!ng more than one year. $S74.-
091 23: r*inmiranc» pro rata.... 4A&446 13
All other Liabilities 2».<H3 as
Total LlabUitlea S902.722 08
TNCOMX1
Ket -cash actually received for
Fire rrttnium* $1,O63,ST1 14
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources 8B.727 PO
Received for Rents '. .. 22.WW 25
Total Income $1,124.7*4 39
EXFEXr>ITrRES. ;
Ket amount oald for Fire Losses
(including $101,404 00. losses of
prevfous years) $530,459 M
Paid nr allowed for Commission or
Brokerage i...- 24S.839 83
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerk*, etc.. 82.312 OS
Paid for Stnte, National and Local ' •
t»XM 23,300 69
All other payments and expendi-
tures S«,«S1 10
Total Exptnditures 9991.313 12
Losses Incurred during th> year.. .$3*>.86S 87
Tllak3 and Premiums. [Fire Risks I Premium*.
JTet amount of Risks' I
■written dating the! ■ j • ■ •
year $135. 035.326!$l 478,897 37
Net amount of Rloksi !
expired during thef |
year | 13ft. 093. 72«! 1.443. W2 Kt
Net amount In force! '
December 31. 1003. .| 157,<V>ff.72ft! 1.(113.732 33
CHAS. H. POST, IT. P. Manaxer.
W. A. McXBIL. Assistant Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this
2Cth day of January, 1904.
H. E. FRANCK.
Notary Public
' THOS. J. COMROY. Manager.
6E0. W. BROOKS, Asst. Manager.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.
323 California Street >.
San Praacisco.
Balfour. Gnthrie & Co., Pacific Coast Directors
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AXD AFFAIKS
OF THE
ROCHESTER GERMAN
INSURANCE COMPANY -4
OF ROCHESTER. IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the 31st day or l>cemli»r. A. D.
1003. and for the year ending on that day, as
made tc the Insurance Commissioner ct tha
Stata of California, pursuant to the provision*
of sections 61U and till of toe Political Coda,
condensed aa per blank furnished by th* Cora*
missloner:
CAPITAL.
Amount ot Capital Stock, paid up
in Caah S20<M»O0O
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company... S267.S10 91
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.... 353.347 10
Cash Market Value ot all Stocks
and- Bonds Owned by Company.. 643.523 On
: Cash In Company 1 * Office • 1,«U« *»
Cash in Banks 201.296 08
, Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 7. 137 SO
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 8.289 63
Premiums In du* Course of Col-
lection 122.61389
Total Assets |1,<SO8,«83 71
\ LIABILITIES.
Looses adjusted anil unpaid $13,313 20
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 80. $.19 21
Losses resisted. Including axpenaes 12.438 43
Grots premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning on* year or less, $733.-
808 18; reinsurance 50 per cent.. 309,043 09
! Gro;» premium!* on Fir* Risks run-
ning mor* than on* year, $>iti. ■
84?2S; reinsurance pro rata.... 333.812 53
I Commissions and Brokerage das
1 and to become duo 343 51
Total Liabilities «S33.C»I 04
INCOME. \
Net cash actually received for Fire
! premiums I1.0CO.S76 27
, Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 17.3S1 «7
j Received for Interest and dividends
j on Bonda, Stocks, Loans, and
from all other sources 2^.072 OO
Received for Rents 13.831 84
Total Income SI. 080.991 7jt
EXPENDITURES. ■■
Net «mcunt paid for Fir* Lestet (ln-
ctudlng $71,297 27. losses of pre-
vious years) <423.»C3 07
Dividends to Stockholders 30.000 CO
Paid or allowed for Commission or
! Brokaraite 801. 159 01
I Paid for Salaries. Fees andotber
■ ehar^es for officers, clerks, etc. 50.B13 SW
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes ••• 28.4501*
All other payments and expendi-
tures 8C«S71»
Total Expenditures v $'•«"■•-■. 71 J .t I
Firs.
LOSSES incurred during th* year. ..$122,538 38
Risks and Premium!*. | Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks!
I- written during the
i y «ar «1O.«».21O $1,477.100 23
Net amount of Risks! ■•;
expired during the]
year, I 95.3C3.0O5 1.22US6 99
Xet amount In force!
December 31. 13a°...{ 117.tWC.42S 1.427.74049
' FHEDERtCK TOOK. President.
H. F. AT WOOD. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 23<1
day or January. 10«>4.
EDWARD H. GEHRKE. Notary Public.
THOS. J. CONROY, Manager.
GEO. W. BROOKS, Asst. Manager.
PACIFIC COAST DEPART3IENT.
323 California Street
San Francisco.
Ballour, Guthric & Co., Pacific Cqasi Oirssiars
jlilkEYery Woman
/$SvM5\VMVU\ U lsi«r«»ted .v».l chould kcotr
Pm-J^MEUB MARYIL *Wrl3tjg Sproy
\\ O"V"^ ' ftV* V<The new Ttttul Syrlue. M;«c-
<>!5SC^rtSv. : s£5L hcuatdUvrtiop. be»$— Sat-
saivv.\"v— jTW eir— Moil Comren^nt.
Ut.raaw* U*<"il7.
i.li joot <ro»»).l tor It. \, WL^.^C?"'**'
1 f he rannoi supply l&a V-. flyw^vJl^A-S
t<u>»r, li.t **nd stain t> for *%* M ,;'%.\j
Ura»trM»utiock-~air<i. Itgtre* . \V g * /§
fullp:»rUcnl:iT»»nd<llrrrt»«>«i« In- • Ql!i » M
Tmlimble to Urtes M.%IIVK1, CO^TUf, ,■-■•.. . W
41l'arkll9n,.\i)n lark. "^t "■"fa'!P^. .
132 New Montgomery, &*n Francisco. CaL
• WlMlam Uatttrotb (Ladl** 1 Dept). 234 flutter.
Union Drug Ca. 4oO Butter and 10O Stockton.
U« jocd Brother*. . .7th and Broadway. Oakland
Baldwin Pharmacy U* tiUaTAKE STEPS TO SAVE PINE
INDUSTRY OF THE STATE.
Fruit Growers Outline Plans
LOCAL FRUIT MARKETING EXPERT RECENTLY RETURNED FROM A EURO
PEAN TRIP. WHO TESTERDAT DELIVERED AN ABLE ADDRESS BEFORE
THE FRCIT GROWERS' CONVENTION IN THE GARDEN CITY.
£p«cl&l Dloatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. Dec. 9.— Another attempt
to organize the prune growers of the
State will be made, in the hope that the
industry can be placed on a paying
basis and a good market secured and
retained. This action was favored this
afternoon at the meeting of the State
fruit growers' convention. The plan
came before the convention In the
shape of the following resolution, which
was submitted by A. R. Sprague of the
committee on co-operation:
Resolved. That the Commissioners of Hor
ticulture be req lifted to nubmlt by mall to
th-r pruno growers of the State a referendum
a>klmr for their vote: First, for or aicainst
any plan of control of the marketing of the
prune crop: second, if in favor of such control
to vote for th* co-ODeratlve or the proflt
nharing plan submitted by the committee, or
DOAN"S PFLLS.
AWATUIRED,
Few San Francisco People Fiy
Understait the Cause.
/
That never-rested feeling.
Tired day and night.
Most time6 'tis the kidneys' fault.
Doan's Kidney Pills cure every
kidney ill.
Cure backache, urinary disorders,
diabetes.
Are indorsed in San Francisco.
Mrs. C. Demell (C. Demell em-
ployed on the wharf), residence n
Alaska place, says: "I have had
more or less trouble with my kidneys
for fifteen years, my back aching at
times so that I could neither sit, stand
or lie in any comfort. When in the
acute stage I had sinking spells, was
weak, lacked energy and often felt
as if I would totally collapse. If I
stooped for a few minutes when I re-
gained an upright position I grew so
dizzy I could scarcely stand, and, de-
j-pite the fact that I was continually
taking medicine from physicians and
using standard remedies, I grew worse
in place of better. I had very little
faith in Doan's Kidney Pills when I
first commenced their use, but after
a few days of the treatment they must
have acted on my nervous system as
'.veil as the kidneys, for I was able to
sleep at night peacefully — something
I had been unable to do for a long
time. I most heartily recommend
Doan's Kidney Pills."
For sale by all dealers. Price 50c.
Foster-Milburn Co., Buffalo, N. Y.,
sole agents for the United States.
Remember the name, Doan's, and
take no substitute.
KICK OR POOR— YOU KEZD TEETH
No cne. old enough to know better, should
be neglectful cf that most vital and useful
organ cf the human system— the teeth— the
very guards to the gateway cf health.
SOZODONT
TOOTH POWDER
should be found on the tcllet table of tvery
cne, be hs rich cr poor. It will not tarnish
geld work ncr scratch the enamel. A per-
fect dentifrice— the cne for you.
t FORMS : LIQUID, POWDER PASTE.
If neither cf these pJan» b« »atl«factory to In
dicate a plan which Is eatlifactory.
This resolution was unanimously
adopted.
The referendum will be submitted to
the prune growers by the Horticultural
Commissioners within a short time, and
if a satisfactory number of replies are
received a convention will be called,
probably in this city. Five years ago
at the fruit growers' convention In this
city plans of organization were ad
vanced which led to the formation of
the California Dried Fruit Association,
which because of mismanagement
proved a failure. With the experience
had, the men who are now favoring or
ganization believe the prune growers
can be successfully organized. The or
ganization of the prune growers that is
to be attempted Is by far the most Im
portant action taken by the conven
tion. There are 4000 prune growers in
the State.
WORDY WAR AVERTED.
There waa a good attendance at the
convention this morning. The first
thing before the convention was the fol
lowing resolutions, presented by A- N.
Judd of WatBonville, and which came
rear stirring up the' old question of
transportation :
Whereas. The California fruit growera' con
vention 1* fast becoming a misnomer, and In
asmuch as this convention at times has been
dominated by the Southern Pacific officials and
their adherents; and.
Whereas. By their votes and Influence you
have placed the fruit growers of the State of
California on record as favcring Armour pri
vate car lines, and. by inference, the Southern
Pacific Railroad Company in preference to
the Santa Fe, who own their own car lines;
and.
Whereas, The. packing of this convention
the officials and men dominated by the South
ern Pacific Railroad Company, without consent
of the fruit growers, thereby barring the privi
lege of a competing railroad (that the growers
have eo 16ng prayed for) to be represented in
our convention; and.
Whereas. By their acts in this convention
you have discredited your committee on trans
portation; therefore, be It
Resolved. That the said committee be dis
charged; and, be it further
Resolved, That in 1905 the fruit growers of
the State of California hold a convention of
their own and that no person be allowed to
take part Jn its deliberations only by request
of the chair, unless the perscn is a bona flde
fralt grower, and without any side Interests
that are Inimical to the grower.
A long and bitter wrangle seemed Im
minent. Edward Berwick of Pacific
Grove was on his feet at once to de
nounce' the resolutions, and John S.
Dore of Fresno "also attacked It. Presi
dent Cooper settled the threatened
wordy war by declaring that as the
resolutions were not before the house
all discussions were out of order.
ABLE PAPERS READ.
The regular programme of papers ar
ranged for the session was then taken
up. A paper on "Wine and the Grow
ing of Wine Grapes From the Pro
ducer's Standpoint," by W. J. Hotch
klss, was read by Secretary John Isaac.
Percy T. Morgan, president of the Cal
ifornia Wine Association, delivered an
address on "Native Wines and Their
Future." Albert Van der Naillen of San
Francisco addressed the convention on
the importance of making an exhibit
of California wine at the exposition to
be held In Belgium. Professor P. H.
Dorsett of the experimental station In
Chico read a paper on "What the Bu
reau of Plant Industry Is Doing for the
Fruit Grower," and ■: Professor Warren
I. Clarke presented a paper on ''Aphlds
Attacking the Ap^ple.'*, ,
A very able address on "European
Markets for Callfornian Fruits" was
delivered by Allen G. Freeman of the
J. K. Armsby Company. Freeman has
spent the last nine: months in Europe
studying the markets for a wider dis
tribution of our products, and erave the
convention one of the best addresses of
the session.
LEGISLATION-. COMMITTEE.
A resolution passed last night
urging the Legislature to provide two
assistants In the horticulture quaran
tine department at San' Francisco." and
also asking for an - appropriation of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, , SATURDAY, DECEMBER 10. 1904.
AWAIT ACTION
OF GRAND JDRY
Indictment of Young Weber
on Charge of Bobbing the
Bank Is Expected To-Day
DEFENSE HIBES SLEUTH
Detective, It Is Believed,
Has Been Betained to Im
peach Witnesses of State
Special Dispatch to The Call,
AUBURN, Dec. 9.— The Grand Jury
has not as yet returned an Indictment
charging Adolph Weber with robbing
the Placer County Bank. It is believed,
however, that the true bill will be forth
coming to-morrow. That Weber has
not been indicted cm the robbery charge
before this is due to the erroneous ad
vice given the Jury by District Attor
ney Robinson. This advice was to the
effect that the Jury, having indicted
Weber on one charge, could not Indict
him on another? advice due to Robin
son's wrong interpretation of the law,
declaring that a man could not be in
dicted twice for the same offense.
Next Monday Judge Prewett will set
the time for the trial of young Weber
on the charge of murdering his mother.
It is believed here that the defense
has secured the services of a detective
to impeach the testimony of the wit
nesses for the prosecution. This belief
is due to the presence in Auburn of a
stranger giving the name of Green, who
has during the last few days kept him
self busy interviewing those who testi
fied at the preliminary hearing of
Weber and the Coroner's Inquest.
Will Prosecute Weber.
In response to the requests of Gov
ernor Pardee. backed by the Board of
Supervisors of Placer County and
many prominent people from all over
the State, Attorney General Webb has
determined to take personal charge of
the prosecution in the Weber mur
der case at Auburn. District Attor
ney Robinson of Auburn will be as
sociated with the Attorney General. It
ia said that young Weber has arranged
to employ several of the best criminal
lawyers of the State in his behalf and
the battle before the Placer County
Superior Court will be a hard one.
General Webb says there will be no
friction between himself and Robin
son.
COWARDLY GANG'S PLOT
RESULTS IN A DEATH
Painter Killed by Bullet Fired
Th'rough Side of Building by Sol
dier Satisfying Grudge.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., Dec. 9.
John Dollar, a painter's foreman for
the contractors at Fort Casey, was in
stantly killed to-day by: an unknown
soldier. Dollar was In the Stump sa
loon when several bullets crashed
through the walls, one of them strik
ing him in the head. Five soldiers
who had a grudge against the owner
of the place fired into the building and
fled.
FEVER CLAIMS MAX" WHO ' :\
REFUSED MEDIOAU AID
PASADENA, Dec. 9. — E. L. Way
land, a wealthy young mining man,
died of typhoid fever here yesterday.
He refused to have any doctor but a
Christian Scientist. The health of
ficer has refused a burial permit until
the Coroner grants it. The doctors
say they will Investigate the case
thoroughly.
$20,000 to be used In securing Insects to
eradicate the various fruit pests and
for distribution of the insects among
the growers, was brought up by. Dr.
Dinsmore. President Cooper announced
the following committee to look . after
this legislation: S. F. Lelb of San Jose
(chairman); A. P. Johnson, represent
ing Southern California: H. P. Stabler,
representing Northern California: John
S. Dore, representing the San Joaquln
Valley, and A. N. Judd. representing
the apple Interests of the Pajaro Val
ley.
Judge B. G. Hurlburt of Campbell
addressed the convention In regard to
some needed reforms In taxation. Ad
journment was then taken till this aft
ernoon.
The report of the committee on res
olutions by Chairman Johu Markley
was the first business before the aft
ernoon session.
A resolution asking the Senators and
Representatives In Congress from the
Pacific Coast to respectfully Implore the
President and administration not to
press a repeal or alteration of the
present sweet wine law owing to the
enormous acreage devoted to that crop
and money invested because pt reli
ance on the present law was adopted.
Another resolution adopted urges the
Legislature to request that an ele
mentary branch In agriculture be added
as a prerequisite to graduation in the
several normal schc-ols. It stated that
study was of great value to all chil
dren and that it was imperative for
the best good of children that all teach
ers should be versed In the subject so
that they could teach It.
DISPLAY IN BELGIU3I.
, A resolution was also carried provid
ing that a display of California" fruit and
wines be made at the exposition to be
held at Leeds, Belgium, and it em
powers the president to appoint a com
mittee of five to ask the coming Leg
islature for an appropriation to meet
the expense of the exhibit.
The Legislature Is also asked In a
resolution to do mere to promote agri
cultural education in the State College
of Agriculture and for adequate appro
priations of money for the work.
A resolution in regard to the utter
ances of a San Francisco paper was
brought up in the committee report and
was tabled by a large majority. '
The . customary resolutions thanking
( th<» Chamber of Commerce of San Jose,
'the Board of Trade of Los Gatos, the
Sorosls Fruit Company, the ladies of
the San Jose Grange and the State
press were passed.
H. P. Stabler, chairman of the com
mittee on labor, reported for the com
mittee. He' believed that the solving
of the labor question in the orchards
lay in cutting up the large tracts of
land and selling it to families, thus set
tling the country and providing plenty
of help. The fruit season was too short
to import workers, he said. Stabler
also read a paper on "Increasing the
demand forlCalifornla cured fruit prod
ucts by advertising."
E. M. Swasey of San Francisco de
livered an* -address on "Advertising
California's cured fruit products." A
lengthy discussion followed on adver
tising. * -v--:r'.
A committee consisting of J. O. Hayes
of this city, B. F. Walton of Yuba
City. John Markley of San Francisco,
B. E. Hutchlns of Fresno, and General
Jcnnlson of ' Covena was appointed to
look after all matters on which legis
lative action; is asked. The convention
then adjourned.
ARTIST'S CHILD
FATALLY BURNED
Three-Year-Old Daughter of
Charles Bollo Peters Meets
With a Frightful Death
CLOTHING TAKES FIBE
Accident Occurs While Little
One Is Playing in Boom of
Her Father's Bungalow
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MONTEREY, Dec. 9.— The old town
of Monterey was shocked this morning
at the death by fire of beautiful little
Kathleen Peters, daughter of Charles
Rollo Peters, the painter.
From what can be learned the little
one, 'with her elder sister and her
twin brother, had been playing in the
living room of the bungalow,, in which
a grate fire was burning. During their
play the sister and brother left the
room, leaving little Kathleen alone.
Soon screams were heard and the lit
tle one enveloped „ in sheets of flame
rushed into the garden; An employe
ran to her, tore her clothing from her
body and smothered the blaze. But
help came too late. The flames had
burnt their way into her tender little
body, and death mercifully released her
from her suffering.
At the death of Mrs. Peters, for whom
the unhappy babe was named, she left
a little daughter six years of age, and
tiny twins; and it was for these wee
babes for whom she yielded her young
life. ;i^
Immediately after the loss of his
beautiful wife the artist secured the
services of a trustworthy woman of
Monterey, and confided to her the care
of his motherless babes.
A • sad feature of the affair is that
the bereaved father had all but con
cluded negotiations for the sale of the
hacienda, intending to leave California
for Broadstalr, near London, the home
of Whistler and other famous painters,
and there to settle with his interesting
little brood.
* : i ! u
STRICTER LAWS
FOR RAILROADS
CALL BUREAU, HOTEL BARTON,
WASHINGTON, Dec. 9.— President
Roosevelt is standing squarely on his
message in reference to the fixing of
railway rates by the Interstate Com
merce Commission, and he desires that
action be taken by Congress at this
session. Many Senators and Repre
sentatives called on him to-day to
learn hla views, and he told them
very frankly that he thought some
thing should be done in the • way r of
enlarging the powers of the Inter
state Commerce Commission to reme
dy this evil, and that it should be done
immediately. ,
The Senators, who have determined
that, nothing shall be done until the
beginning of .• the next Congress, have
accepted the situation, - and a contest
between the White House and the Sen
ate on the great question of railway
rates and Increased powers for the
Interstate Commerce Commission is
now fairly on.
In addition to making It known that
he Is In earnest for some action at the
present session of Congress, the Pres
ident has taken care to tell his callers
that his recommendation was not
made at the Instance of Governors
Cummins of Iowa, La Follette of Wis
consin and Van Sant of Minnesota.
When Governor Cummins and Gover
nor Van Sant called at the White
House two weeks ago the railway part
of the President's message was al
ready In type. Not a word was
changed as a result of that conference.
"The President Is undoubtedly In
favor of doing 'something' at this
session," said a Republican member of
the Senate Commission on Interstate
Commerce to-day, "but whether that
'something' means the full limit of
which he spoke in his message, I am
In some doubt. At least, it does not
look highly probable now."
It Is believed at the Capitol that the-
Senate leaders stand as a stone wall
against any action along the line of
the message. The determination In the
Senate Is to prevent It if possible, but
if the full power of the administration
is used the alternative is to bring for
ward a compromise proposition.
MEET AND TALK ABOUT
LAWS CONCERNING RIVERS
Governor and Other Interested Per
sons Hold a Short Conference
in Saoramento.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 9.— A con
ference was held at the capltol this
afternoon between the Governor, the
executive committee of the River and
Reclamation Association and the aud
iting board to the Commission of Pub
lic Works with reference to legislation
to be asked for in the interest ot the
rivers. No conclusion was reached,
the conference deciding to await the
report of the Eastern engineers now
In session at Sioux City, Iowa.
SICK HEADACHE
~~ — — — = — | Positively cured by
flAQTrnQ these Little Pills.
WsHli I L I\O Tfce? -£0 relieve Dls-
am tress from Dyspepsia. In-
■fiPlTTHE digestion, and Too Heart-
H| 1 1# C" E$ Eating, a perfect rem-
flaj B VLn edy for Dlzzlnes3, Nausea,
IH PILLS* Dr0Tn5 -ess. Bad Taste
Bl m In tho Mouth. Coated
g|&lgjSgz| Tongue, Pain In the Side.
1 -J TORPID LIVER. They
regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
SMALL PILL SMALL DOSE. SMALL PRICE.
carters! cdre sick HEADACtu -
|Sittle Genuine Musi Bear
b IVER Fac-Simile Signature
gPlLLS. t,
CUTLERY -
EVEIW.H^-WffiANtB);
MAUYAI3 MUSIC CO.
MARKET: ST., 0PP. MASON.
BUSSON CORNET FOR $12.50
WIRELESS PLANT
ON FARALLONES
Force of Men From -' Navy
• Yard Goes to the Islands to
Select Site for a 'Station
CABBY A FULL OUTFIT
Move Believed to Be Pre
liminary to Extension of
the System to Honolulu
Special Dispatch to The Call!
VALLEJO, Dec. 9.— A force of men
under Master Electrician George
Hanscom left Mare Island to-day for
the Farallon Islands, ■ where a '-ire
less telegraph plant will be established.
The work will be. performed by the
yar4 workmen. 7. ; .
It is expected that wireless connec
tion between the Farallones,' Yerba
Buena and Mare Island will be estab
lished within a few days. The men
have taken /with them a complete
camping outfit and provisions and will
remain at the Farallones until the
work is completed. As soon as con
nection is made the battleship Ohio
will test the apparatus.
This is believed to be the Govern
ment's first mqve toward the exten
sion of the wireless system to Hono
lulu. In the event that the present
plans are carried out the Farallones
station will be made the .head coast
station. This is evidenced by the fact
that plans for permanent buildings and
necessary adjuncts are already under
way.
EXTENDING THE SYSTEM.
Seattle Soon to Be Center of Wireless
Tclecraph Service.
SEATTLE, Dec. 9. — Within the next
few days Seattle will be connected
with Port Townsend, Fort Casey.
French Harbor and Victoria, B. C, by
wireless telegraph. A wireless tele
graph station has been erected on top
of Queen Anne Hill in this city and in
a short time messages will be received
for transmission.
Apparatus has also been installed on
the revenue cutter Grant, so that com
munication may be had with the shore
stations when the cutter is In these
waters. : ;;.•.:>.
EL.EVEX MEX BROWNED
TRYING TO SAVE OTHERS
Boat Swamped in Which Fishermen
Went to Aid Vessel in
Distress.
LONDON, Dec. 9.— Eleven fisher
men were drowned to-day in an at
tempt to assist the Norwegian steam
ship Anglia, from Hamburg for Sun
derland, which was wrecked on the
rocks near New Biggin, Northumber
land. In response to distress signals
a dozen fishermen went out in a fish
ing boat, which was struck by a
heavy sea and swamped. A lifeboat
subsequently picked up a single sur
vivor, who was clinging to the fishing
boat. The Anglia's crew is safe.
Christmas Fountain Pens.
We are selling agents and sole agents
for the best fountain pens In the world.
Prices $1.00. $2.00. $2.50. up to $7.50. Sat
isfaction or money returned. Open even
ings. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market
street. ;\ ■ •
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
STATEMENT
OP THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
op the: - •
RHINE & MOSELLE FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OP STHASBURG, GERMANT. OX THE
31st day of December, A. D. 1903. and for
the year ending on that day, as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia; pursuant to the provisions of Sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAU
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash 1^^ $600.000 QQ
ASSETS. =
Real Estate owned by Company. . $300,000 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages... 232,300 CO
Cash Market Value of all 1 Stocks •
and Bonds owned by Company.. 741,000 25
Cash in Company's Office L 4,745 47.
Cesh In Banks '. 165,504 3S
Ir.terest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 13,060 43
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 1.S38 56
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 41,982 4S
Du« from other Companies for re-
Insurance on losses already paid. 89,349 13
Due from other Debtors 3,392 62
Total Assets .<1.S93,C71 20
LIABILITIES. =====
Losses adjusted and unpaid $21,960 83
Losses In process of Adjustment
or In Suspense 22,290 42
Losses resisted. Including expenses. S.180 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning ' one year or less, $423,-
472 26; reinsurance 80 per cent.. 211,738 13
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $60.-
186 14; 'reinsurance pro rata 80,454 19
Dividend to ' stockholders remaln-
ins unpaid 1.753 80
Due and accrued for salaries,
rents, etc 4 . 9,310 84
All other demands against the -■>.-■-
company 74.822 16
. .' Total Liabilities .'. $377.643 22
If INCOME. r =======
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums ..................... $444,726 18
Received for interest on. Bonds and
Mortgages '0.40133
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans and
from all other sources .' 82.209 It
Received for Rents 14.561 18 I
Received from all other sources... 2,791 2* ;
Total Income SSOTftso Ot
?; ■',• . [ . ■ EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including : $22,429 47. losses of
previous years) $187.823 41
Dividends to Stockholders 80.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage .'. .......... . ." 80,793 02
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 43.978 96
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 17.654 31
All other payments and expendi-
tures ..... •••• 27,574 26
Total Expenditures $m.S?s P6
- •'. ''. '• ' • Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year. ..$197.492 67
Risks end Premiums. Flra Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year •• $460,368,429 $608,605 46
Net amount of. Risks 1
expired during the
year . . . ...... .... 438,969,925 BS8.834 39
Net amount In force • - :
December 31, 1903. 4*7.356,846 483.C58 40
~~~ ~~ J. SCHALLER. President. j
■- -■■". A.. POIZAT. Secretary. ..':,'
Subscribed and- sworn to before me, this
2d day.' of April. 1004.
JOSEPH I. BRITTAIN. U. S. Consul.
SYZ & GO. "General Agents^
308 California Street,
San Francisco, Cal. . ,
* j|JVEKTISE3£EyT3.
AnnivBrsary M^^Sm^wmtmA^
Sale ff®^ good
1/ 3ECAUSE WE ARE CLOSING OUT CERTAIN
STYLES, AND BECAUSE MAKERS ARE DO-
ING THE SAME THING, YOU CAN BUY DUR-
_ ING THIS, OUR ANNIVERSARY SALE. THE'
DAP very piano you would probably be
n Q I m GLAD TO P^Y FULL PRICE FOR, AT VERY
****■ MUCH LESS THAN IT WAS BEFORE THIS
■ SALE BEGAN.
TQin i w«_ *ow ■
3UIII Steck - - $500 $375 [
wi : . ' Packard - $450 $340
irjiP Ludvvig-- $400 $275 0
llllU Harrington $375 $265 |
¥ fl I" USES PIANOS— THOSE THAT WE BAD RENTED
1 I 1 1 OB TABXH XX EXCHANGE— JT7ST AS XT YOU HAS
. ' " ■ O— TWED THEM A P_"W MONTHS — THAT IS TKB
PS ONZ>T DIFFERENCE BETWEEN THEM AND NEW
H || INSTRUMENTS. THE BXOOEST BARGAINS Wt__
la|| GO FIRST, OF COURSE. COME EARI.T. GOOD
nil PIANOS IN GOOD CONDITION:
Was. SOW.
__ . _ __»be Upright 875O *37«
3I Ai> .J Stack S6OO S.-.4O
I 1 P Gi fl Hardmoa 3550 $'.l^r>
I 1 V gafl | i Packard S5OO S.'J I .%
UU-flJ Chlckerinflr Grand 3750 ST.7.%
w *r «# «4 Wiiraer Grand 3850 ft.iKO
Steinway Grand 3350 S ,%_."»
* I , Conover Grand $300 S430
_H n fl More taken-in-exchange — We have no rf.esire to
U force a piano on anybody, and if after the piano
**'■** bought here is in your home and you or your family
-— a are not pleased with it we will take it back and cive
IB IAAAH y° u one °f our ne w pianos, allowing what you have
jl|\Pnn paid on the old one.
-JlwilUII MarceUn« Uprifrht..»inr» C. A. Stone Upright. .8 7."
w-r-r-. w_ur_So_TJpriarfct.R200 Antisell Upright. . .SI r.O
__ ■■--'- .Xohler _ Campbell. «__."» Fiacner UprltfUt S 1 r,f>
4lMIIJ%#l rfJlou^h _ Warren.. 81 S5 S_ermaa_Co.Uprrt.81_5
fi|]||Un SOME SQUARES— We arc actually sell-
Ill III U II ing some fairly good square pianos for
'2 $12.00. We have a number of square pianos
\f I iflQO Tan & n S from this P" ce U P to $100.00 each,
filiVllHiS some of them old standard makes and per-
WiJIUU fectlygood.
JF Xa addition to our reamlar rtock of dUuos — whlcJi
l| it wai never better — we have placed on iala some beau-
I I I tlf nl, new, mahozanv npriarhts, a lot wMcn we pnx-
V I chased from a modern factory, tak—ur their entire out-
put. a durable piano, fully guaranteed. Well worta
n IfltHAA S250.00. Our sale trice now 3150.00.
I iBEiuS do you want an organ?
If so ', you can get a fine parlor organ now
for $35 — brand new, and some second
/land for a great deal less. All QOOdm
A S PERHAPS YOU WAST A PLAYER?— We are sola
IJMjV asrenti for. the Chase _ Baker, tho finest la t_s land.
l|ga We have a number of Simplex Players, formerly 3250.00
V Tfcfa now 3125.00. Muilc for Players reduced in price also.
jfeijh' Noto This — YOU MAY GET YOUR
Hk£E> MONEY BACK. When you buy a piano, either on
installments or for cash, you get a coupon. Place it in
the coupon box here. At n o'clock, December j/st, a
drawing will be made, and all money paid on the piano
between now and then will bs refunded to the lucky
Anniversary **" *"*"•
■^JT THE WILE! B. ALLEN CO.
— 93 1 -933 Market St. r^
(Store Open Night and Day.) Easy Payments.
g-p i E\-pj=ryyY|£J^'-F UNITED STATES BRANCH.
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS STATEMENT
OF THE OB* THE—
UNITED STATES BRANCH CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE q P THE
HELVETIA SWISS FIRE HAMBURG BREMEN
o .j™" E i°n _ m «»« ■■
vF 31st day of December. A. D. 1903, and for f\F HAMBURG, IN THE EMPIRE OF GER-
the year ending 1 on that day, as made to the Umany. en the 31st day of December, A. D.
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Call- 1903. and for the year ending on that day. as
fornia. pursuant to the provisions of sections made to the Insurance Commissioner of th«
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as State of California, pursuant to the provisions
per blank furnished by the Commissioner. of Sections 610 and «ll of th« Political Code
ASSETS. condensed as fier blank furnished by taa Corn-
Cash Market Value of all Stocks missloner.
and Bonds owned by Company. .$589,007 50 ASSETS.
Cash In Company's office ...J 734 5X c asn Market Value of all Stocks
Cash In Banks 27-91 and Bonds owned by Company... $1 622 046 23
Interest due and accrued on Bonds cash In Banks 68 477 33
«and Mortgages 0,500 00 Premiums In due Course of Collee-
Premlums In due Course of Collec- t lon 153 654 31
tion 0,613 33 . ________
-tal Asset, ...J55^^ **" M
LIABILITIES. Losses adjusted and unpaid $13,113 CO
Losses adjusted and unpaid $ IS 50 Losses in process of Adjustment or
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 4.403 00 In Suspense 68.035 00
Grcss premiums on' Fire Risks run- Losses resisted. Including expenses. 17,500 CO
ning one year and less, $17,79S 72: Gross premiums en Fire Risks run-
rftlnsurance 50 per cent 8,989 36 ning one year cr less, $1,301.-
Grcss premiums on Fire Risks run- 16S 83; reinsurance 50 per cent. 630.979 43
ning more than one year. $16> Gross premiums on Fir* Risks rnn-
G19 Ofl- reinsurance pro rata 4,460 80 ning more than one year, $1,238,-
Commisslons and Brokerage du« and 149 83; reinsurance pro rata.... 642.3C3 S3
to become due 1.4S3 80 .
Return Prt-miums and Reinsurance- Total Liabilities $1.397. 1S3 23
Premiums C94 20 ■ INCOME.
— . , Ti.vmti.. S~»»un 1« ?*et e— 'h actually received for
Total Liabilities ....;so.O49 IS premiums $1,697,431 29
INCOME. Received for Interest and dividends
v.»'r««h «ctnally received for Fire on Bonds. Stocks, Loans and
_Pr^_l_i_^: */.!?.?£.. !!.".: $11,731 53 *«>- -» °~« wurces 83.570 M
SmSS- ™*» In «- ".-aw* 00
air other sources 20.217 8S E_P_NDIT URE3.
Profit on *ale of Ledger Assets 606 23 jj et amount paid for Fire Losses
Rec-ived from Home Office 22.tSCO 00 (including $73.374 18, losses of
«„ „_ _, previous years> ......:......... $533.315 03
Total Income .■ss&.ots ii paij O r. allowed for Commission or
— v p— vrtlTTRE" ~~~~~~~~~ Brokerage ". 333.710 53
fir w~Y~««#in p » ld tor S-arl<«. Fe « * nd o^er
Net amount paid for Fire Losses {In- charges for officers, clerks, eto. 131.231 31
eluding $4,538 31. losses of prev- pald for sute> Xat i o nal and Local
lous years) -• ••- $31.690 33 ta - M 33.543 01
raid or allowed for Commission or An other payments and expendl-
Brokerage -- ... 3.443 74 tuxes • 106, 6*t 53
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other vu "" . . *"°.<*>. jj
charges for officers, clerks, etc 3.230 00 Total Expenditures $1.4Sft 763 M
Paid for Statf. National and Local — [ r ,
AlT«her-paVmVnts".ndVxp;ndUur;; 36.851!! Lo»»es Incurred duHncth, year... $830.233 93
AJi otuer i»j _ RjEks and pyg-hj— ,. — i r . Risks. Premiums.
Total Expenditure, $75.94*09 _—_----- ;
F1r«. written during the
Losses Incurred during the year $2S.O52 40 year $149,430,017 $2,043.23133
— — : Net amount of Risks
Risks and Premiums.! Firs Risks. Premiums. expired during the
. 1- year 133.792.401 1.834.231 94
Net amount of Risks! Net amount in force
written during the December 31. 1903. 107.671,833 2.537.308 «O
year I $1,130,327 00 $24.133 16 ZT~Z. — .-——.-. —^ — £ — 7; •
Ne e t xp^rd t uH f n?1nel ' " ■»«-">«
SSSfeSft 1 5 - 932 ' S980 ° M ** " 7 ° f J cha^ E Tedga R mills.
DcSSSSr 31. 1903 2.2&2.S93 00 34.447 78 Commissioner of Deeds for California l a N.-
SAMUEL R. WEED.
su?,cr^d f0 a r nd W , e w d ont t^^rl-^tnf/^th RUDOLM HfflOLD Jr.. 6«_nl Agnt.
day of - „„,.■_. HARRY C. BOYD, Ass't Geni Agent,
exit o nn "T" 1 1 1 415 CALIFORNIA ST.,
SYZ & G0. 9 General Agents, .8 M »^hco t ci
WMm^* WeeHy Call $1.00 wYm
-—■.-.'- * _ - .' _B_______^__________________i7***
34
RETRENCHMENT
IN THE HOUSE
Leori^lative. Judicial and
Executive Bill Passes
With Yen Few Changes
SALARIES HELD DOWN
After Brief Debate on Trust' I
Question Adjournment Is;
Taken Until Next 3Iondayi
WASHINGTON. Dec. *.— The House
t./-<U7 putsed the l<-£l*Utive, executive
ir.d judicial *pj>ropriatioo bill almost
as It case from commute*, a^d ad-
Jc^rr*'! until Monday. Tfc* Civil &rrv
l<fc Con!«ion previsions disposed of,
there *** n-> long debate on any item
to-day. Throughout the B*#slon tbe
policy cf retrenchment held full sway
and all atteirpts to iccreas* salaries
failed. Tfce Hous* passed a resolution
t</ adjc'jrii on JDectaber 21 uatil Janu
ary 4*:cr tfce &=al Christmas holiday.
On a poist of order by Perkins of
New Vork :te provision appropriating
flft.frjO "rir compensate a and expenses
cf tperlaiisi* to make investigation for
the D*-partirent cf Con^nierc* and La
bcr with tte object of securing uni
form. eccjicrrJcai snd business-like
K'thoci was fctricken out of the ap
propriation bi!L
In crtticixicg tbe paragraph re'.aticg
to the Bureau at Corporations. Baiter of
New Tc-rk said that hi* complaint wzs
cot that too murh rr.ozty had been ap
propriated for the pay of tptclsl at
tcmeys, fp*cial examiners and special
agents, but that eo c«e had been made
cf the coaey. Tnere had been, he sa'.d,
*. demand to investigate what has come
to be k=c»n as the trusts.
-West Is the result 7 Absolutely
nothing."
He t^i b*»:3 assured by a friend in
the dtpartmtrt that an investigation
had '"•' made of one corporation.
■rboaa bock* »ere to kept that it could
not be ascertained uhether that corpor
ation had made J100.OOQ.000 or J1.0O0.0W.
It r.m.g, he said, a notorious fact that a
n»«l rail association existed and yet
he hsd be*n informed that the House
Judiciary Committee would report ad
ver*»Jy on fc!s re*olut!on to investigate
that assertion ce the ground that it
»H a rumor. In Btectc-rian volet he
detlar»i!3. amid Democratic applause,
t&at it ':*-zi a nnsor «■ > strenuous, so
terrible, that it can take the American
people by the throat acd exact an un
due tribute of 130.000.009." He ridiculed
the idea that any one did not know of
»-.'."■. an association.
On a jjoint of order by Maddox of
Orrorsia the salary for the position of
Chief of the Bureau of Manufacture* cf
the Department of Commerce and La
bor W££ CUt OBt.
Blnghim d-manded a separate vote
on tbe arntadaent, reducing the com
pensation of committee stenographers
from XTrffi to : ' - ■ . By a vote of forty
flve to Bixty-thrfe tbe Houw restored
th» amount as originally fixed. As
arr.T.ded th* bill was then passed.
Palmer cf Pennsylvania from the
Committee on Judiciary, submitted the
supplemental report of the majority of
ttt comrnitte* on tbe Swayne impeach
ment case. Tbe minority was given
nntll Monday to fll* its report. The
Houm adjourned until Monday.
HUNDRED MEN ESCAPE
FKO3I BURNING MINE
S'nne Oiwome by SmoLr end Gjw
fn Making l\fir Way to
the fcnrface. .
PEORIA. III.. Dec. >.— The Scholl
mine at South Bartonville, one mile
south of this city, was discovered to be
or fire in the main entrance at the
foot of the shaft this morning. There
were 100 men at work in the mine a.t
the tim# and for a while great excit*
m#-nt existed. The men, however, were
taken to a second ehaft. half a mil«
distant, and all made their escape,
»me of them being overcome by
moke ar.d gai».
Purchase Cold for Export.
NETV YORK, Dec. S. — Goldman.
Etcha &. Co. to-day purchased at the
fc*tay oSccj XI, 007,000 in gold bars all
th«» office had received since the!r last
UUpmest. In all Goldman, Kach & Co
have taken 12.020.000 this week. The
point of shipment was not announced
but It was reported that some of the
rclfl was to be tent to Mexleo.
Bnlldina: Shows Increase.
CHICAGO. Dec. 9.— fn reviewing
building operations In the twenty
r-ririeipal cities in the United States for
the month of November, 1J04. as com*
rar*d with the runt month !n 190 J
the Construction News to-morrow will
eay that there has been a total ln
cr*a»* of about 25 per cent.
Army Orders.
WASHINGTON. Dec. I— Upon ar
rival at San Franc!«eo from the Phil
ippine Islands Post Commissary Ser
geant William A. Keller will report
to Major R. Krauthoff of the commi*
«Ar>- purchasing department for duty
In his depot.
Fire Destroys Shoe Factory.
PONTIAC. 111.. Dec ».— Fir« to-day
destroyed the main building ' of the
Pontiac Shoe Manufacturing Company.
Th* Iofs Trill reach 175.000. Th« 200
emt'oyrs fscaoed in safetv.
SAN DIEGO. 1j*c.- *.— Cfcarl*. H. Brawn a
cf * k!c« fcy a horse received a r»w d». r ,
?• *« "'xty year* cf arc aad cans* te7«
from Chirac* srr»rt*ea years aro.
fscorrs emui^ion.
FLESH BUILDER
The liver of the cod fish
produces oil that is a. won-
derful flesh builder. No fat
« or oil can compare with it
in that respect. To get the
best out of it, it must be
emulsified and made like
cream. In Scott's Emul-
sion it is prepared in the
best possible form to pro-
duce the best possible re-
f.alts. Thirty years have
j -en this. .
■ w «'S •«««» r» • s«J»J»le trt*. j
•WIT • DOw-XB, rtati Street K*w Tort '
FRIEND OF BOTH
REUNITES WOMAN
AND HER SPOUSE
Usurps function of Pol.ce Judge Fritz
But They Shy at Request to Kiss
BY JAMES C.
Mrsr. Arthur Pollard was bvth ready
and eager to prosecute her husband, a
barber with bald head thickly fringed,
for battery when his employer took the
case Jn hand and had li settled ere It
was called by Police Judge Fritz. So
*hm Mr*. Pollard «a requested to
narrate her grievance it was the medi
ator who responded, rcavely saying
there was no necesirity for the lady tcr
consume the court's valuable time by
testifying, as she bad ap«d to quaeh
her complaict
"I've b**a a peacemaker for this
couple ev^r since they were married,"
eaid the arbiter, "and if. the case i«
diaxni*sed there will b« no further trou
ble between them."
'But of course, Judge." said Mrs.
Pollard. "Arthur muet keep his word
end jfive me *5 a week for the baby's
•upport."
Arthur did not seem to be exalted by
the reminder, for he moodily muttered
something about the lady having
threatened to go with another fellow if
the sura mentioned were not paid her.
"Tnt, tut. nonsense," exclaimed the
friend of the family. "She might have
said fhat when the was mad, but -I'm
sure »he would never do such a thing.
Would you, Mrs. Pollard?" v
*"Xo. indeed. I would not." was the
instant answer, accompanied by a lan
guishing glance at Mr. Pollard. "How
could I do auch a thing." inquired the
lady, locking at the Judge, "when Ar
thur is the only man I ever loved" j
"There now — there now— I - told you
«o," rhlrruped Mr. Busybody, beaming
bis tatlsfaction. "Now, Judge, they'll
kies and make up, and that'll end the
trouble. Come now, you two, get to
gether and klsa."
Mre. Pollard bluahed, Mr. Pollard
gloomed, and the command to osculate
was mutually ignored, to the great dis
appointment of the auditory.
-I'll give the marital reunion a week's
trial," Mid hi* Honor, "and both the
complainant and the defendant .must
come here next Friday and report
progress."
•It'll b« all right. Judge," eaid Mr.
Meddler. ■•--:. '--'^ :
He declined polnt-blank^a request to
furnlrh an inquisitive bailiff with his
name, and as he had not beentfortnally
eubpenaed his cognomen was not on
record. All that could be . ascertained
anent his identity was Mrs. Pollard's
Inadvertent remark that he had been
her husband's employer for eighteen
consecutive years and that his tonsorial
parlor is en Second street, near Minna.
Until th« cranial injury that neces
sitates Henry Sleaman's confinement
to hospital Is sufficiently healed safely
to permit his appearance to testify
Judge Mogan cannot definitely ascer
tain tb« character of the missile with
•which the damage -was Inflicted. It- is
understood that Mr. Eleam'an claims
his head was struck by a dinner plate
hurled by bin stepson, Henry Raen
feld, but both Mr. Raenfeld and. his
wife deny that any such weapon was
used. Indeed, they aver that the in
dention of Mr. Sleaman's skull was
not made by anything cart by any
one, but was Inflicted in some way
which to them is a mystery, although
they would not be uurorised to learn
that it wa« resultant of a fall against
some sharp projection.
Mr. Sleaman alleges that he re
ceived his wound while he was dining
with Mr. and Mrs. Raenfeld- in their
home at Hunters Point. He had been in
vited there by his stepson, with whom
he had not been on speaking terms
for some time, and he accepted the
invitation because he regarded it as
an overture of peace. While sitting
at table he complimented Mrs. Raen
feld on her ability as: a cook and took
occasion to pay flattering tribute to
the crisp quality ■ of some 'biscuits
•which she had ' baked.- To his i sur
prise she questioned his sincerity and
rudely requested him to cease "josh
ing" her, aa she did not propose to sit
there and be insulted in her' own
house, even if he had married her
husband's mother. Then, to his
deeper astonishment Mr. Raenfeld
took side with his wife and told him
(Mr. S.) that he ought to be ashamed
of himself and that if he did not Iik«
the biscuits he was privileged to shun
them. Mr. Sleaman's retort provoked
the throwing of the . thing— either a
plate or a biscuit, most probably the
former — that cut a gash in his crani
um. It is expected that Mr. Sleaman
n ill be able to attend court next Mon
day.
• • e
For expectorating upon a sidewalk
at Pine and Kearay streets Steven
Stack wan arrested on complaint of a
lady member of the Outdoor Art
League, and if Mr. Stack had been ac
cused of a capital offense h»,couM not
have expressed deeper contrition as he
ftood before Judge Cabanies. .As he
had «pent abotlt twenty-four, hours in
prison, the court dismissed him with
a reprimand that stung.
.Joseph Smith, who shot and killed
Joseph McGowan about two weeks
ago, appeared for preliminary exam
ination • before Judge Mogan, but on
account of the absence through ill
ness of the official, stenographer and
the inability of. the court to procure
a qualified substitute the hearing was
continued till • 1 0 :4S -.'o'clock next Mon
day morning. Attorney D.J. Murphy
represented the defendant, whose de-
THE -SAX" FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. DECEMBER 10. 1904.
CRAWFORD.
m<anor b»trayed neltner hope nor
Paul Schainman, owner of a cloth
ing shop ntar the Presidio main en
trance, pursued and fired two shots
from a rif!«? at a .soldier who had sto
len garment* from the store and
dashed with his plunder into the res
ervation, where he disappeared amid
tome bushes. Despite the fact that
Mr. Schainman'a • marksmanship was
execrable and in the teeth of his plea
that he shot .not to .kill, but to intim
idate, he was arrested and charged
with attempting to murder. Judffe
Cabanl&a * Trill hear testimony next
Tuesday.
When he was arrested - at Fiaher
nien'i wharf lest Thursday afternoon
Halvador Scimira had in his possession
exactly ISO ducks in excess of the max
imum allowed by law. which Is fifty,
axd Judge Megan gave him till to-day
to rig up a defense.
"It cost* only to to punch a copper,"
said Pat Campbell when he met Pa
trolman B. Maloney at Sixth and Min
na streets, 'and I guess I'll hand you
one." Suiting the action to the word,
he delivered a hard blow with his
clenched fist on the policeman's Jaw.
"I'll sentence you to-morrow," said
Judge Mo^an to Mr. Campbell, "and it
would net surprise me If your fine ex
ceeds $5."
Prior to her arrest for disorderly con
duct on Stockton street Thursday even
ing- Miss Gladys Monroe had purchased
two seats for a special matinee at an
O'Farrell street playhouse yesterday,
and she Ehowed the tickets to Judge
Conlan and asked him what she would
do with them if he should decide to
sentence her to imprisonment, to which
the Judg-e replied that he would not
have her miss the matinee for anything
in the- world, and then he allowed her
to go on her own recognizance to ap
pear for sentence this morning. Where.:
upon the defendant thanked him most
earnestly and made hasty exit.
Patrolman Ruggles averred - that
George Miller and Patrick Carron were
excited and en dishabille when he met
them at 3 o'clock yesterday morning
on Mission street, between Third and
Fourth, and that in answer to his query
as to what such extraordinary airing
of their nether limbs meant they in-
formed him that they were forced to
flee from their lodging place, the Mon
tana House, 784 on the flrst-named
thoroughfare, by the.brutal tyranny of
Night Clerk Fred Miles. Whereupon the
officer took the shivering duo back to
the Montana House, and his investiga
tion thatre warranted him in placing
Mr. Miles under arrest and recording
against him; two charges of battery. ■- -.
By the testimony adduced before
Judge Mogan it was made apparent
that Mr. Miles was mispf&ced when he
assumed the night clerkship 'of the
Montana House, as his natural pen
chant for bullying fitted him better for
elave-drivlng. It was his wont, some
of the witnesses averred, maliciously to
conceive and execute devices for tor
turing the hapless transients who paid
10 cents for the privilege of occupying
the bunks all night under his supervi
sion. He awoke them when there was
no necessity for doing so, and if they
protested against his conduct he dis
ciplined them with fists heavily backed
by muscle and scientifically applied.
He treated them aa If they were pariah
dogs Instead of contributors ' to the
house, which in turn maintained him.
Mr. Miles' expulsion of Messrs. Car
ron and Miller was the culmination of
their objection to being beaten and
kicked as punishment" for their au-
and riti yourself of this bad habit, take
X 5S3asK5lfe>>. b m[ b 93 bV^SKbblS ftc^Sf «S«^ "^•SS'Cjs; JffiP Hflln Rfl VfrWiJiw HsssB W V MsjjS?^»O^idllsr Efpbj P *>~t
Constipation causes more than half the sickness of the world, especially of
women. It is entirely unnecessary, if Beecham's Pills are taken whenever Nature
calls for assistance. You will save money and pain and avoid much' sickness if
you will simply take the pills in time. The circular with each box wiH tell you how
to obtain health and maintain it.
SOLD EVERYWHERE IN BOXES. lOo. and 25o.
REID MAY GET
CHOATE'S PLACE
Reported That the New York
Editor Will Be Chosen as
Enibassador to England
OTHER CHANGES LIKELY
With Formal Resignations
in 3fareh Diplomatic Ser
vice 3Iay Be Reorganized
CALL BUREAU, HOTEL BARTON.
WASHINGTON, Dec. &.— In response
to an Inquiry a high official of the State
Department said to-day that it was
true that .President Roosevelt expected
all members of the Cabinet and all
American Embassadors and Ministers
to foreign countries to submit their
resignations, to take effect March 4.
This is a custom Jong followed at the
end of an administration, but there has
been some" hesltancr on the part of
officeholders in the classes mentioned.
This does not necessarily mean that
President Roosevelt will make a clean
sweep in the diplomatic service. Many
Embassadors and Ministers will be re
tained in the posts they now occupy or
In new ones, but undoubtedly there will
be Important changes. It has been
stated, without denial from the White
House, that Whltelaw Reid will suc
ceed Joseph A. Choate as American
Embassador at London. Choate Is not
anxious to retire, however. Powell
Clayton at Mexico City will resign with
the definite intention of retiring. There
is no doubt that W. W. RockhiU, chief
of the Bureau of American Republics,
will succeed E. H. Conger as American
Minister to China.
SUPERINTENDENT BY DAY
AND HIGHWAYS! AX BY NIGHT
Clilcaeo Man Confesses to Havin*
Led a JekyU and Hyde Life
for a Year.
CHICAGO. Dec. ». — Acting by day
a« superintendent in the printing de
partment of a local manufacturing
company and at night the part of a
highwayman has been the ca
reer of Edward B. Clark, now under
arrest. According to his confession
he has played the varied role for a
year. He has admitted being Impli
cated in several hold-ups which have
puzzled' the police.
Incidentally Clark declared that he
had traveled all over the world and
that on one occasion while making a
trip to China he struck down and
killed three of a crowd of sailors who
had mutinied. Herbert Boyer. also a
printer, was taken into custody as an
accomplice.
BFXIEVE ■ RANCH NEAR CHICO
HOLDS FORTUNE IN GOLD
Dredsers Will Be Installed on Prop-
erty Where Pay Dirt Was
Located in Well.
»jfelCO, Dec. 9. — The finding of gold
In an abandoned well in the town of
Hon'cut has caused a. great deal of ex
citement. The'well.ls on the property
known 'as the. Abbey ranch. 1 Dredgers
•will be Installed on the ranch by those
who think that the discovery'wM lead
to rich results. * . ..
TWO DAYS AT SANTA CRUZ.
Round Trip, With Board at Hotel. $8.
Saturday to Moo£ar excursion tickets to
Esnls, Cruz, including two days' board an J
I<x!*ins; at Hot*! St. George, will be sold on
Hsturtfava by Southern Pscifle agents. This Is
a fin?- chance to vi»lt od« of California's rreat
est winter resorts. Military band concerts on
the btseb Saturday* and Suodays: rr.atnmoth
caslso; pleasure- pl«r; boattnr. rtehtag. surt
bathieff. bet ealt water arvl plunra baths;
beautiful walks sr.d drives, and perfect cli
mate. Tfc» plac* ff.r coctal clubs to fpend the
week's end. Tickets sold at Third and Town
send streets depot. 613 Market itrcet and at
ferry ticket office*. •
End Duties at the Fair.
ST. LOUIS, Dec. 9. — On orders re
ceived to-day from the War Depart
ment ai Washington, the officers who
have been on duty at the Louisiana
Purchase Exposition have been re
lieved and will go to their proper sta
tions.
Christmas Toilet Sets.
Toll*t sets In staghorn. celluloid and
fine leather cases, $1.00. $2.00, 13.00, $4.00,
$5. Oft. $10.00 and $20.00 each. As usual,
we have the greatest variety and best
values of good things; also hand, stand
in*: and triplicate mirrors for handsome
and useful Christmas presents. Sanborn,
Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •
daclty in requesting him to "please go
'way and let them sleep." His on
slaught was so abrupt and vigorously
prosecuted that to escape it they were
forced to make an exit ere they could
secure possession of their tattered outer
garments. c
"I hef ta show dese ©le bums dat dey
can't run me," was Mr. Miles' defense.'
He was pronounced, guilty, of both
charges and will be sentenced this
morning. ; y^z^-Z^&j&X&i.iH
Until the police ascertain whether
Taki Tamagl was on burglary bent
when" he broke the window of a Dupont
street store with a stone, he will be
held without ball. The little. Jap was
arrested at 3 o'clock yesterday morn
ing by Patrolman Keohane, who be
lieves-he can make a burglary charge
stiefc. . - - . . ;..
HEROES DINE
WITH THE CZAR
Feast of St. George.. Greatest
3Iilitary Holiday of the
Year, Observed in Enssia
WELC03IE FOPv VETEE AXS
0
3Ien WhoHaveDistinguished
Themselves in Country's
Service Honored bv Ruler
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec 9. — The
Winter Palace to-day was the scene of
the celebration of the feast of St.
George, the greatest military hollday
cf the year, to which every man in
Russia upon whom either the cross of
St. George or a sword for bravery has
been conferred Is Invited to be the
Emperor's guest at dinner.
Notwithstanding the absence at the
front of a large number- of officers of
the army and navy usually present.
It was a brilliant spectacle. The Grand
Dukes in gorgecus uniforms and crip
pled veterans arrayed fin the garb of
private soldiers moved eide by side
throughout the throng. Many sailors
of the cruiser Variag and the gunboat
Koreitz, sunk off Chemulpo at the
opening of the war, were"present. The
vast hall was lined by guards of honor,
who saluted impartially each deco
rated hero, whether Grand Duke or
private soldier.
The ceremony consisted of a grand
Imperial procession and Te Deum at
the cathedral, followed by a dinner
spread in the Nicholas and St. George,
white salons. About 400 guests were
present. The Emperor was In a par
ticularly gracious mood.
SEWING 3IACHJNE AGENT
/ VICTIM OF BOLD ROBBER
Slasked Thief Enforces His Demand
for Wealth of Traveler With
a Revolver.
.REDDING, Dec 9. — E. W. Graham,
a sewing machine agent, was held up
and robbed of 5 22 last night on the
outskirts of Redding as he was re
turning from French Gulch. A masked
highwayman forced him to halt,
alight from his buggy and stand with
hi* hands above his head. Pressing a
revolver against his victim's body, the
robber went through Graham's pockeu
with his disengaged hand- The de
scription of the robber Is so Incom
plete that there is littla likelihood of
hi5 capture.
MAKES PROPOSAL TO BUILD
A NEW ELECTRIC ROAD
Santa Cruz Man Wants to Construct
IJne Ten 31 lies Long to
Resort hi South.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Dec. 9. — At a
largely attended mass-meeting in this
city last night" F. S. Granger of Santa
Cruz made a proposition to build an
electric railway to Avila Beach at the
Port- Harford Government breakwa
ter, ten miles from this city. He pro
posed to put in a railway costing
s 2.%. 000- per mile and asked a bonus
of- tUO.QOO.- -A committee of. five citi
zens was appointed to consider the
proposal. . •_-..,--
JEFFREY MADE PRESIDENT
- OF THE WESTERN PACIFIC
His Selection Furnishes Further Evi-
dence of Gould's Connection
/. '':u;- With the Project.
NEW YORK, Dec 9. — At a meeting
of the board of directors of the West
ern Pacific Railway Company, held In
this city to-day, President Jeffrey of
the Denver & Rio Grande was elected
vice president of the Western Pacific.
This is regarded as indicating the in
terest the, Denver & Rio Grande and
other Gould lines have- in promoting
the line from Salt Lake City to San
Francisco.
Automobillst's Ixraar Trip.
VANCOUVER. B. C. Dec. 9. —
Charles J. Glidden of Boston, now on
a tour of the world in an automobile,
If a passenger on the steamship Mono,
which sailed to-day for Honolulu.
Glidden will stop in Honolulu, the
FIJI Islands, New Zealand, Tasmania
and Australia. Thence he will go to
Japan and return to Europe via Sing
apore. ■_ ■. ,-.:''.■ : :
Give Her a Kodak.
You couldn't select a better Christmas
present.
Brownies. $1.00 to $5.00.
Kodaks. $5.00 to $97.00.
Kirk. Geary & Ca. 112 Geary Street. •
Portland Man Named.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 9.— The clos
ing sessions of the convention of the
National Civil Service Reform League
were held to-day. The league re
elected most of Its present officers, the
principal exception being ' the addi
tion of Thomas X. Strong of Portland,
Or., and others to the list of vice
presidents.
Four More Bodies Found.
BURNETT, Wash., Dec. 9. — Four
more bodies, making sixteen In all.
were recovered to-day from the coal
rolne,'' thus accounting for all the vic
tims of. Wednesday's explosion.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TRADE HORIZON
HAS NO CLOUDS
Present Conditions of the
Best With Fine Outlook
at the Turn of the Teaj
BLOCKADE IN FKEIGHT
Factories Rei>ort Increased
Outputs With a Demand
for Three Months Ahead
NEW YORK, Dec 9.— Don's weekly
review of trade to-morrow, will say:
Wall streets serere reaction was not
due to any setback in the commercial
world, all measure of legitimate trade
showing wholesome progress *cd con
fidence in to* futux* la unshaken.
I Railroad earnings la November aver
aged 8.2S per cent greater than In the
same montli of 1S03, and the distribu
tion of merchandise Is sufSciently heavy
to produce freight blockades at several
points. Manufacturing plants report
increased output In almost every In
stance, except where Inadequate water
supply provides a temporary interrup
tion.
Seasonable weather baa stimulated
retail trade In wearing apparel and
holiday gooda are In great demand.
Strength continues in the hide market.
Moderate offerings of foreign dry hides
are readily absorbed at further frac
tional advances.
Failures this week numbered 233 in
the United States against 331 last year
and 2S in Canada, compared with 20 a
year ago. •. ■
NEW YORK, Dec. 9.— Bradstreefs
to-morrow will say: While distribution
displays more irregularity, manufactur
ing industries -with few exceptions con
tinue very active. Wholesale distribu
tion, as usual at this season, tends to
quietness, tnocgh in excess of a year
ago. Western jobbers fall to report an
active reorder movement In staples, but
holiday trade is progressing favorably
and promises with favorable weather to
reach a large total Holiday specialties
in groceries, dry goods and fancy ar
ticles have had a Iar~p sale, and the
hardware trade East and West is in ex
cellent shape.. The winter wheat situa
tion is still not entirely clear. The feel
ing Is one of optimism In trade.
The country seems to look forward to
1905 with confidence and some lines re
port a full quarter's trad* already
practically- booked.
Wool is quiet, but firmly held, with
itocka light and manufacturers not as
yet fully covered for the season.
JURY HOLDS INSURANCE
CO3IPAXT RESPONSIBLE
Gives Verdict for $2000 and Costs to
Girl Who«e Father was
XAPA. Dec. 9. — The fact that the
holder of an insurance policy was as
phyxiated cannot be used by the com
pany issuing the policy as a reason for
refusing to pay the heirs of the de
ceased the amount of the policy. This
was decided to-day by a jury in Judge
Gesford's court, which gave to An
gelina Ramatici a verdict for $2000.
with costs of suit, against the Trav
elers* Insurance Company.
The defendant refused to pay $2090
to the girl on the ground that her
father,' to whom a : policy for that
amount had been - issued, was under
the influence of liquor when he met
hLs death by asphyxiation two years
ago.
CHTLDREN BURNED TO DEATH
DURING PARENTS* ABSENCE
Three little Ones Perish In Flames
That Destroy Home of a Wash
ington Couple.
TACOMA, Dec. 9.— A report reached
here to-day from Port Madison. Kltsap
County, of the burning of the house
of Arthur Raines while he and his
wife were digging clams a mile away.
The three children of the couple, aged
5. 4 and 2. years, were burned to
death.
California Postal Chances.
WASHINGTON, Dec 9. — The fol
lowing fourth-class postofflcea in Cali
fornia, have been advanced to the
Presidential class: Alhambra. $1100;
Hemet, $1000; Hollywood, $1100; Im
perial. $1500; Mojave, $1000; Rudley.
$1100.
Edward M: Fisher has been ap
pointed Postmaster at Xoyo, Mendo
cina County; Katherina Wheeloek. at
Pike. G. S. Chamberlain and Hugh
Sparks of San Francisco have been
appointed railway mall clerks.
Baron's Failure.
The public must lose no time It want
inK-Cne tailor suits at their own prices.
763 Market street. E. J. Hanson, as
signee. •
Milevto Head DonrlaV Staff.
BOSTON. Dec 9. — Governor-elect
Douglas to-day announced that Gen
eral Nelson A. Miles would be at the
head of his staff. It~is. understood he
•will be made adjutant general, or pos
sibly inspector general.
Dividend on Southern Pacific
NEW YORK. Dec. 9. — A dividend of
3% per cent has been declared on the
preferred stock of the Southern Pa
cific Company.
j ADVI3rTISO£ILVTSL
USEFUL
CHRISTMAS
PRESENTS
| Are tbe kind that father, hus-
band, big brother or friend
would appreciate most..
SfLh SLJ
OUR SPECIALS IN
j z~r: I Underwear,
Bl^C Neckwear,
. °. Fancy Shirts,
StOCK White Shirts,
I : » Half Hose,
Pajamas,
Night Shirts,
Umbrellas,
, 1 Suspenders,
■TV#a/i* Suit. Coses
ureau other
\7a1hpq Furnishings
Ydmes for Men.
Our Windows Are Fall of Hints for
Practical Givers
PadficShirtCo
1036-38 Market SU
Junction Turk and Market Sts.
I There's Only One Way to
Get the Best of Whisky I
Acd that la to let It alose. 1£ ytxa try
any other way It will set th* best of
yon. IX you can't let It alone yoa need
Dr. MeKuma'i treatment. Dr. McKaa-
na cures the liquor habit by destroying;
the desire for llqaor and putting the
■ysteza In Its catarai condition. wh-r«
liquor la not needed to help the nachln>
ery of the body to do its work. Dr.
McKanna effects a complete czr* In thrrs
days wlthont the use of dangerous, hy-
podermics, annoying cocnneza«nt of bad
after effects. Dr. McKassa's treatiaesi
la absolutely safe and cannot harm th«
most delicate constitution. Why wast*
time ar.d money la drl-k'.n? whisky
when you can b« mred of the liquor
habit In three days with no chases of
failure, no risk and no unpleasantness?
Think It over and call or write Dr. Mc-
Kanna for fall information. Address 14
G»ary street, San Francisco. Cal. P=os*
1037 Mais.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
•
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
TRANSATLANTIC
FIRE INSURANCE' .GOKPAHy,
OF HAMBURG. XX GERM ANT. OX THE
Jlst day cf Decesntvtr. A. D.. 1;*C and tor
the year csdi&r ca that dajr. aa -. —■ c.e
lesurasce Comsiissicser ef :.-# Stale of Cah-
tcrcla, furi'jiit to the prcvisiccs of S*ctloaa
GO and 'ill ot th« Political C<x>. -•■ - '.-• .-.- -.-i **
p«r blank fErsisbed by the C -•— rr.:«i. .-tz .
ASSETS.
Cash Market VsJb* cf all Stocks
»nd Bocds ow=ed by Ctompaay W=3.«0 CO
Ca_»h la Company's Otflce 2X1 72
Cajh la Banks Zi.ljj «
lsterest da* and accrued en aH
Stocks and Loans *.S17 «
Prtnluffli la due Cocrs* of Collec-
tion M.T01 ST
Bills receivable, eot Matsrsd. takea
for rtr« aad Marls* Risks 1.067 M
Due from oder ComjiBin tor Re- * '-*-<>
insurance , on losses already paid.. 173 B3
Certificate «X Deocsit la *»-"1t «X
Catted States TroatMa 100.30© Ot
Total Aaseta -. .....I5O.9T5 U
UABIUTIE3. ~~
Leases a&]nst*d and unpaid £2. CO* 77
Losses tn procass of Adjostasat «r
la Suspense 8.147 00
Losses resisted, lnelodlac STrxnsei &.Zv& M
Grosv prenilsnos oa Firs Risks raa-
nl=c one year or less. S2M.*o2 si;
relasnraae« 30 per ceat 122.SH 4i
Gross Breistums ca F'.rs Risks n>
nlas inore than cn» year. S304-
«;»06; reinsaraacs pro raxa 117,603 0
Cttsxnlsstoaa aad Brokerax* ca* tnij
to becotas <u« 1 J. 9U H
Reiarn Prcsitama aad Reinsurance.
Frwaiums ~ „.. T.8TX 75
Ttotal Ltabimies) ~..-...—.-...Ji^i^»
rxooxs. ~~
»t easa actually rscairsd toe Hn
predunu ---..MlT.Cls C3
Receired for interest and AlTijsnda
en Bcada, Stocks. Loans, and £rea
all other sources ls.791 TS
Remitted from Home Otic*. ....... W.&T* U
Total laeoo* -r-*i-.......SlM.!rai S3
EXPEJTDrmtESL ===
Net ameoat paid fcr Flr» Losses)
(iacladlss* 116.231 4i. kwsea oC
preTlous yean) CTT.TTT S3
Fa! ! cr allowed for Cocaalssicn or
Brokerage tS.308 13
Paid fcr Salaries. Fsss) aad other
e&axre* fcr ofSoers, dsrks. «te. . T1.C1 i 40
Paid for State. National, and Local
taxes 4.483 S3
All ether Dayra«sts and «xye=i:-
tor«» 19.MC C8
Total Etreolitores .S309.M4 4S
Losses incurred durire ta# year. ...JIT 4.T63 M
Risks aad Premtuma. ;F1tsj Risks. | Presirasa.
Net amooat of Risks I
wrlttea dnrtaa* Un
T**r V-^-.v- *a."T.«« $4«*^3« C
Net aiacaBt of Risks
expired dur:=x ta«i
rear C3.S3O.5?;. $«XS53 tT
Net asMrcnt tn forcp!
December «. 1JW8..I KV.TS5J**- ♦rrj:.* 87
ADOLPH LCEB. Cnlr^i Srat»» Mutnr
Subscribed aad inrrra t» Sc ;.--» ta^ ii^ $13
day ct Febrviary. 1*M. w
\ ma!:;; a. rovers;
K»«*iy »MS>lie*
PaciSs Dejartnat F?ia^i^J t3C?»
H. DANIER. A«v Ha^,»,
221 SANSCMK ST, %
San lraiwU;o,C9K,
T»>»p»s¥» .N» it^U M<tq.
Gonorrbora and Vrtwr, lUsdwtrt^s.
si CUKE IN 48 HOURS.t We are showing what is probably the |
i largest stock of pianos on the Coast — up- 1
I ward of a dozen different makes — pianos |
I ranging from the thoroughly good and I
| medium grades to the highest |
Absolutely new pianos from S200 to I
Many of the good old makes in slightly 8
I used pianos at such prices as SI 35 to $150,. 1
j We sell no piano we do not guarantee, 8
j and we sell them upon time payments when 1
i so desired, and in which event nothing |
1 extra will be added to our prices. > I
| STORE OPEN EVENINGS. I
RA^TAiL IS LIGHT.— The rainfall la San
Francisco yesterday amounted to only .16 of an
!nch. Ehowers were frequent la the aecticn
of the State north of the Tehach&pL Snow fell
M^ in ihc Fmest, Largest arid Choicest Selection wL
of Art Goods Ever Seen in this City w
W, READ THESE Wa
Hj SUGGESTIONS W
\g Psinlinos, Pictures, Miniatures, Statuary in Bronze, XJ/A
S&/1 Marble, Ivory, Artistic Electric Fixtures, |$/
jf^W Erass Goods, Vases, Ornaments, Novelties, jffV
Cabinets, Tables, Desks, Clocks, Lamps, %Jf
8^L China and Glassware, Cvt Glass, Shaving, SmoKing and k ffi'i
v^P Card Sets — Besides thousands o! other | VrjA
*%£_ DiHerent Articles. All at Moderate Prices. \|s^
f iS^C-GximpCo.
MSs iSanrrancisco
L'XITED STATES BHANCH
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION' AND AFFAIRS
or the
PHCENIX
ASSURANCE COMPANY, LIMITED,
OF LONDON*.
ON the 31st day of December, A. D. 1903.
and for the year ending on that day, as
made to tho Infurance Commissioner of the I
t - of California, pursuant to the provisions I
ol «i»ction» Cl<» and Oil of the Political Code,
condensed at v*r blank furnished by the Corn-
Cash VarkPt Value of all Ftock*
and 15-jnds r>t»-;<»d by Company. . 12,409.010 00
Cash in company'* Office 17:1 44
Cavh in Dank* SO5.SG3 33
IriT?!-; <Ji:e and accrued en all
Storks and I-oar.« 32,105 00
Premium* in due Course of Collec-
• tlon 137.210 03
Due from other Ccmr>anle* for re-
insurance on lOfses already ;a:d. 2.64S 15
Total Affetg $2.»7S.9ll 05
LIABILITIES.
1, rtr-s .-.-:.■>•*-. *■'' unpaid t<~,'j.i~A 00
I. ' ■ ' - in ptOOBH °f Aijuftment or
. iu Fu?r*nfe 152.150 92
Lotcf-s re«i»ted.- includinir «"xpenBe» 22.073 «0
Gro>i premiums on Fire Risk* run-
ning one year or less. fl.!»45.-
4CJ V>- reinyurance 50 p«r cent. 072.716 04
CrO5* premiums on F!re Risks nn-
ning mnr» than "n» year. $1.CS7,-
£•>■; 10: relrcuranee pro rata R5R.SH.* 17
I>in*uratice Premiums 41. SI 4 23
All other Liabilities \ 3.401 <K»
Total Uatllltie* $2,116.4(1 02
nccosiK.
Ket c*»h actually received for Fire
premium* $2.4.0.181 74
Received for intereft eri 1 ! dividends
on Bond*. Stwkx. Loans and
from all ether sources 81.806 85
Prcf.t on rale of Ledger Assets... 16.817 45
Total Income 52.56S.SOC 04
EXrFNDITUHES. " "
Net amoer.t paid for Fire Looses
(lr.cludine I475.C2S 95. lowes of
rrevlou* years) $1,463,334 46
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 482.630 02
Paid for Salaries. Fee* »n<l other
cherire* for officer*, clerks, etc. 166.378 81
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 74.406 52
All ether payments and expendi-
tures 372.733 79
ToUl Expenditure* $2,571,481 50
Ix»es Incurred <iurtn«; the year. . .$1. 335.162
nitks -«rd Premiums. I Fir* nirks. I Premiums.
Net amount of nifks! j
written during the ■
re**" i $306,RS1.4«7 $3.SS5.1S3 97
N<-t amnum r.f R'.fkn'
expired darins thej
n»r I 415.347.fll 4 4.2I2.31S33
JC*I amount »n fnrcei
Dxaembr 31. 1H03.I .112.R41.44* 3.C32.C7S 20
A. I». IRVING. United States Manager.
Fub«-crlb«l and stvorn to before me. this
2<;th day of January. 1904.
GEO. O. RUCER. Notary Public.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.
200 PIKE ST., - # - San Francisco, Gal.
W. IRVING, General Agent.
R. 6ALIE69S, Asst. General /g^nt.
ALBERT M. BEKDER, City Agent
317 Cailfcrnla St.. San I"rancl»co. Cal.
\h PP17P xiflPTT If PTlTTlPlr kQUmQ \\k GcMp lMn%PriM Will Autidcit 1 in IVTovt QiuiiIqfc! PqiI
In the Sierras. The winds were high off
shore and warnings were sent all alone the
coast. Professor McAdle of the Weather Bu
reau predicts showers for to-day.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
pelicaTassurance
COMPANY
Q F NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
v Vork. en the 31st day of December. A. D.
19C3, and for the year ending en that day. es
made to the Insurance Commissioner of tho
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections C10 and Gil of the Political Code,
cond'nyed as per blank furnished by tho Com-
missioner.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Honds owned by Company. .J437.C0S 55
Cash in Banks 16,220 35
Interest <lue and accrued on all
Slocks and Loans 4,091 93
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
' ion , • • 25,400 VI
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid.. 2 73
Total Assets $453,329 70
LIABILITIES. ~ "
Losses adjusted and unpaid ...$ 6,104 00
Losses In Drocess of • Adjustment or
in Suspense 17,350 42
Lcsses resisted, including expenses.. 500 00
On.es Premiums on Fire Risks run-
r.inR cn« year or less. ?2J1\!)C7 10:
reinsurance 60 per cert 116.4S3 55
Grcss Premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning mere than one year. $07,-
:ill K5; reinsurance pro rata 54 S"S 4"*
All ether Liabilities J». # 38« 25
Total Liabilities $2O1,<;42 64
INCOME.
Net cash actually received • for Fire
Premiums $269,586 02
Received for interest and dividend*
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources 12.744 5{ '
Total Income 52S2.330 56
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(indudlnK $23,808 17, losses of
previous years) *140,527 31
Paid ;r allowed for Commission or
Brokerage T 72, 4C5 4T
Paid for Salaries. Fe*s and other
<:harp»-s for officers, clerks, etc.. 21.733 37
Paid for State, _ National and Local
Taxes 9.1C5 7i
All other paym*nts and expenditures 16,034 01
Total Expenditures J2C2.t)75 00
Lowes Incurred during the year $143,704 On
Risks and Premiums. I Fire Ricks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year, $34.92 J.C73 1403,909 07
Net amount .of Risks
expired durlnz the
year 29,752.218 3CD.659 49
Net amount ' in force
December 31. 1903 51.S30.856 H30.278 65
A. D. IRVING. President.
LOUIS P.- BAYARD. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this
27th Jay of January. 1904.
GEO. O. RUGER, Notary Public.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.
200 PINE STREET,
SAX FRAXCISCO, CAL.
W.-IRYI KG, General Agent.
R. GiLLEGOJ, Assistant General Agent.
THE SAN- FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY,- DECEMBER; 10, 1904.
EDNA HOPPER
FULL OF FIGHT
Will Sue to Have Probate
Proceedings on the Dnns
niuir Estate Set Aside
FATAL DEFECTS IN CASE
Legal Battle for Millions
May Soon Be Transferred
From Victoria to This City
Documentary evidence showing that
the former Premier of British Colum
bia, James Dunsmuir, during his term
of office, swore to support the Consti
tulon of the United States will form
an interesting feature of a suit to be
filed in this city In a few days. At
torney j. c. Campbell of Campbell &
Metson is preparing an action which
aims to set aside all the probate pro
ceedings in the rich estate of the late
Alexander Dunsmuir, for which Edna
Wallace Hopper, the well-known
3'oung actress, backed by the mother
of Dunsmuir. Is now fighting in the
courts of Victoria. In this suit evi
dence will be introduced to ; show that
ex-Premier James Dunsmuir, in secur
ing letters of administration from the
local Superior Court, ascribed his sig
nature to a formal oath to supportthe
Constitutions of the United States and
the State of California, this proceed
ing being necessary in view of the fact
that Dunsmuir was a foreigner, i
The suit to be brought by Attorney
Campbell has been personally author
ized by Mrs. Dunsmuir and Mrs. Hop
per and will set forth several import
ant points, the gaining of which would
result in setting aside the probate pro
ceedings and possibly transfer to this
city the fight now being waged in the
Victoria courts. During the recent
hearing in Victoria the witnesses to
the will of Alexander Dunsmuir testi
fied that when they affixed their signa
tures to the will they did not know the
nature of the document. They were
positive on this point and the. con
testants immediately took advantage
of it, claiming that the California
statutes, which had Jurisdiction in the
matter, plainly provide that witnesses
to a will must be acquainted with the
nature of the document, and that it is
incumbent on the testator to Inform
them of the fact that the document is
his last will.
The court ignoring this contention
the contestants appealed and tne
higher court sustained the latter, go
ins so far as to rule that the point
was a vital one and agreeing to give
it full consideration as soon as a com
missioner could take further evidence
in the matter and make his report. It
is for the purpose of taking this testi
mony that Judge Coyne of New York,
who represents Miss Hopper, is now in
this city awaiting the arrival of the
le^al advisers of James Dunsmuir
from Victoria. Apparently the only
way out of the difficulty confronting
James Dunsmuir is for his witnesses
to freshen their minds and change
their testimony when it is taken next
week before the local British Consul.
It will also be shown that the late
Mrs. Wallace did not have her day in
court and was wrongfully advised as
to the California law by her attorneys,
Wilson & Wilson, who have been
charged with having worked on both
sides of the will case. Other allega
tions to be Incorporated In the com
plaint are that James Dunsmuir, in
petitioning for letters of administra
tion on the estate of his millionaire
brother, set forth that the latter had
been a resident of San Francisco, a
fact which Alexander Dunsmuir
claimed in two wills, one executed in
1898 and the other, his last, signed on
December 21, 1899. Evidence will be
Introduced to show that later James
Dunsmuir. when called upon to pay a
collateral tax at the time the estate
was ordered distributed, made affidavit
to the effect that his deceased brother
had not been a resident of California.
Christmas Picture Frames.
The prettiest yet are the shapes and
finish of our new frames. Exquisite de
signs in oval, square and odd shapes, fin
ished in dead black, grays and browns,
with tho daintiest gold top ornaments;
also many beautiful patterns in gold, gilt
lacquers and gold bronzes. Open e\*.-n
ings. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market St.*
Disappears From Ilonie.
James R. McMahon, 39 years old,
and living with his wife at 351 Jesslu
street, was reported yesterday to the
police as missing. McMahon, who is
a carpet-layer, left his home last Sat
urday evening to draw his week's
wages. He attended a dance that
evening with a 1 friend, and since has
not been seen. His wife Is unable to
account for his disappearance, but the
police think he may have gone to Chi
cago, where an old friend lives, or that
he is on a prolonged spree. On Feb
ruary 23 McMahon distinguished him
self by assisting in the capture of two
burglars who were robbing the lodg
ing-house of 1,1 rs. Lola Joakin at 341
Jessie street. When, he discovered. the
presence of the thieves he got a shot
gun and in the fight that followed shot
one of the crooks, Joseph M. Wallace,
in the arm.
ADVERTISEMENTS. .
5 J!W^^i3& \/®& Jt P 113 P ainful trouble can be re- J
6 /l^aA^i tiP^ w Hevca and cured by usinr an vt
1 ll^iS $L » f$& AUcock's Porous Plaster. \\
15 Wm V&gL fv r^H& w^ m th ? P lastcr before, ap- jj
B f If j[fjf R5MEMBER— Thete plursri %n 11
Yi^\^0^^^ dffiSKoJsv 5K V b«v« • beoa in use 53 yc«r9, htv« S
K^ -< "^^ JXr %&% rd^\s* Vfik ' \ beenlmitiiedmerelhtninrirtlcle n
If yjpr 'Tli t*~ ji /iTt""*~""~ \ ever « olJ > »nd have made more 49
[J jRr &*LitX. ■ > I' curef th«n > anr orhor external "3
II >^^a»*<» I remedy. Guaranteed not tw cob- Hi
a >QrKr /.. -J- rtln- belladonna,- opinnj or Bay-. B
H Stop the Pairf with aii; 1
• > "V •). : Insist Upon Haylne Allcock'5. J
JOLLY NIGHT
FOR YOUNGSTERS
"The' Land;, of /Nursery
llliymes" Is Presented by
Many '.". Clever Children
SHOW PROVES -A SUCCESS
Creditable -.Entertainment. Is
Given Under the Auspices
of the California Club
Young America, made a. time, of it
at the Alhambra last evening. 1 A Jol
lier-crowd of clever, youngsters has
never been brought before the foot
lights. There were little boys and
"kinder big" boys, small girls and
those that are beginning to bud into
young ladyhood, and last but by no
means least a whole <T:hool of tots
in all manner of. costumes from that
of Boy Blue to Little Miss Muff et with
a red dress and a red' parasol that
was enough to make any spider sit
down beside her and look jealous.
The occasion was the presentation
of "The Land of the Nursery Rhymes"
under the auspices of the California
Club. .The -management of the play
was left to Miss Leta A. Saunders,
who certainly deserves the greatest
credit for the way she trained the
little ones and handled the show. The
house was well filled with representa
tive people, society maids and ma
trons, with a fair sprinkling of beaux.
A special matinee will be given this
afternoon and a largfe attendance, is
predicted.
Following are the programme and
cast of characters: ■
Characters: King Cole, Westley Ruggles;
Prince Cole, Dlanche Lyons; King Cole's Fld
dltrs, Robrrt Saalfleld,- Harold Strickland I and
Irene Wan-ckhe; Purity, Viola Brown; .Lady or
Banbury Cross, Lottie Horncr; Simple Simon,
Frederick Burlingame; Taffy the Welchman,
Vincent Butler; Little Boy Blue, Edith ' Er
langer; Little Bo 1'eep, Mignon Locke; Little
Miss Muffet, Mildred Massey; Priest, all shaven
and shorn, Rudolph Mohr; first, herald. Ruth
Lyons; second herald, Katharine Inglls; cour
ier. Jeann«tte lnglis.
Bridesmaids — Aida Goodell, Ruth Peyser and
Helen l'helps. •
Queen of Gnomes, Toby Berg; Cupid, Dor
othy Walker; Love, Baby Rosamond Cox; sol
diers. Columbia Park Boys.
Villagers — Vanda Levy, Robert Gray, Gaston
Spotomo, Earle Taber, Rebecca. Reuck and
Ingabog Llnstrum.
Prologue — Song. "Oh! Dear, What Will Be
come of Me," Viola Brown. Act 1: "House
That Jack Builf," chorus; "King's Song,"
Wcntley Ruggles and chorus; soldiers' drill,
Columbia Park Boys; song, Bert Talbott; dance
of gnonves, "Season Dance." fairies.
Synopsis: Dance of Cupid, Dorothy Walker.
Dance of Spring — Mildred Massey, Helen
Phelps. Flora Grcver, Dorothy Walker, Irene
Waneckhe, Luetta Wight, Norma Brown, El
rle Grant.
Dance of Summer — Bertha Jansen; Charlotte
Laflln, Beth Morrison, Irene Grimes, Hazel
Orear, Marie Vanatta, Gladys Phelan, Dorothy
Walth.
Dance of Autumn — Edna Vodden, . Ruth
Lyons, Amelia Levy, Gladys Solcmson, Gene
vievo Gehre*. Lillian Paton.
Dance of Winter — Maude White, Laura
Peeler, Irene O'Leary. Hazel Green, Ruth
Baughman, Vivian Abop. Alice Relpp, Edna
Paton.
Storm dance — Katherlne Inglls; rainbow
dance — Irene Gunzendorfer; dance of the Ori
entals — Mignon Locke. Hazel Phelps, Hazel
Orear, Hazel Green,. Lottie Homer.
Act II: Song by Blanche Lyons; lulla
by by Luetta Wight, Hazel Orear, Marie Va
natta, Toby Berg, Genevieve Oehrea and
Gladys Soloinoiif-on ; La Minuet, Mignon Locke,
Helen Phelps, Elsie Grant, Dorothy Walker,
Flora Grover. Harding -McKenrle, Edith Er
langer and Irene Gunzendorfer.
8cng dance — Mildred Maesey.
Dance of Jack and Jill— Beth Morrison and
Harding; McKcnale. -.& n ; ■ ■ *.
Dance of Black Birds— Ruth" Peyser, Dorothy
Peyser, Dorothy Walsh and Flora Grover.
Song. Gladys Solomson; aong, Blanche Lyons
and Viola Brown.
DOXOHOE BANKl ATTACHES
A MANUFACTURING FIRM
A writ of attachment was served
yesterday by the Sheriff's deputies on
firm of J. G. Grannis & Co., which
is engaged in the manufacture of
steam and hot water appliances at
565-669 Mission street. The attach
ment was sued out by the Donohoe-
Kelly Banking Company to secure the
payment of three notes aggregating
$12,000.
V. E. Grannis, secretary of the firm,
said last evening that the attachment
in no way affected the solvency of the
firm and was the result of a series of
incidents that.could not be controlled.
Ho said the three notes upon which
the attachment was sued out repre
sented the sum borrowed by his firm
to enable it to complete some large
contracts, payment on which would
immediately relieve the firm of its
temporary financial straits. Payment
for these contracts, he said, had been
held, up on account of the delay of
the architects in passing on the work,
but the payments would soon be made
and the notes taken up.
In conclusion he said there would
be no assignment and that the firm
would continue on its regular course.
Missions Close With Mnss.
The closing of the missions that
have been taking place at St. Mary's
Cathedral during the last three weeks
was solemnized yesterday morning at
9 o'clock by a- requiem mass. The
mass was said for all the deceased
members of that parish. Father Lan
dry was the celebrant. Father Nu
gent, the deacon, and Father Morris
the sub-deacon. The service was of
the most impressive character.
Grocery and Liquor , — — Therowlllbe |
I Specials #Y«iii. "Something doing" I
This evening, 7:30 un- ri H^Tf O t^H^R . i_- - if
til 10 o'clock only. 3|rB |^ ►fl&li- %/Q^ hlS mornm S 9
Mince Meat — Armour's or /h y^ J^^ * c o •»* »n .*. ta
"None Such"; con- Q Vl/ always heuaule Fron * 8:3 ° unt!1 noon : there " H
denied; package.... OC J^ • MARKET&»GJQNES &FS> after until the closing hour the g
Whiskey — Jesse Moore A A.; ■■ • ' | usual shopping Inducement* p
the genuine; bottle 7Q/* . , M
Our Premium Room 1
A splondid collection of ornamental and useful articles. ffli
Lunch ill Our Cafe '. A Pocket" Knife Free I
'<•'"'. (Fourth Floor) \ W**V» IT D K v* B "rl
The quick, dainty service that we are riving In this . r C .*' Ve3 *y /N " lirC " aSe ' \ I 11
new section of our store has met with the approval of Ol olllt OP OVerCO«lt# N\ I |1
hundreds of holiday shoppers. v§^ (Second Floor) \\l M
Concerts this afternoon and evening. The accompanying illustration I t«
— >— — i . . ' \" la a reproduction of a valuable <& v B <\
> Souvenir Pocket Knife that will be v i I 1 1
Women's Flannelette \] tiirt\iKhht£^^ x \\l y
g*\ v Yavuur Kan's Double-Breartad V$^ >/ B
ttOWTI^ Suits — In the very latest fall pat- V\S. / ti
*»« terns — the cut and fit of these gar- vs\ # »j
,They are made of ••Daisy" Cloth, fleeced on both claM m&a f^r & lh f2r *i*S 1?'~ S*^ V/
sides. They have a round yoke of plain goods, trimmed to 19 years; the regular price la Mil \/ 1 3
with, white silk stitching. They are made full length. $8.00; special to-day at «|#^«w U
They come in narrow stripes of pink and tf» ■* *\*y Young- Men's Salts — In black unfinished **rj CA In
white and blue and white; sizes 14 to 17. J1.23 J%To1S T%1 SfSS'tSSS 0 " 1. . 5^ >f-W g
Regular $1.75 value: special Yotmjf Men , g Sult _ In flne blue serges , fancy w0r8t . |
' ■ ' *ds and cheviots; that sell regularly at C* •* t\ f\f\ H
c /"%i j m» t. j* $12.50; they are perfect In fit as well as JJlU-UU M
Secure your Glove and Merchandise finish; special to^ay * IV|WW - 3
/^-J~— . Boys' Beef er Top Coats — That are double- rf« <* «p B]
V/rQ6rS. breastPd and have velvpt collars; apes 3 to 8; "XI / j ft
' . ' " | regular price J2.50; special n» *••■»■ y
Cigars Men's Hats Frames, Pyrography Dress Goods 9
(Main noor) (Main Floor) ' and Paper Novelties Specials H
"Prao-prQ* We have the" celebrated , T hiH th^ * M
Kragers' special John B stet30n IIat As a Fram ( J h^ i r a d (1 f °° order at (^am piood f|
Strictly Hand-Made 8u- holidav Present nothing is poput^pri^es* Paper "ov- 45-lneh Colorwl »raa d-Et* t|
matra Wrapper; long filler, more acceptable. We have elties of all kinds and In- —Worth 83c; special at |jj
The best 60 Cfcrar in the all shapes and colors. . structions given free. P>*- BSc I!
■ftSS^Ie Box 50 »1 65 PHCe - * ' * * ; ' S4 - 0 ° SKSfw. aSdTns'tructlo 0^ 50-lncn Colored Bbdl.- I
B«w of S?8c5 Secnr- a Hat Order * «* * en free - Worth >150: specIal *1«OO II
Choice Bargains Gathered in Our Toy land j
■ (T^hird and Fifth Floors) <}
There are all sorts of toys to delight the youngsters. Bring them here and let them select their own |j
gifts. They arc the best judges as to what appeals to them the most. M
\^-- m ~' /n~T^I ' U Doll Houses — With glass windows. §1
. . • '._ ••^■^lO curtains. Imitation brick chimney. I
— jG*T!» Ji ' etc.. everything cn^ipiere ,-J
Velocipedes — That have 16-lnch ($y 81.S0, #2.OO and S°'j;o W
1^ -Slf^nX ?£?£*' fti^-W Wooden Hones— And those covered Don Dishes— Prettily decorated S
' ea L her v, e ? 1 « £ P 5 7 B thf «^,'2'™ with nalr - a11 having pretty harness China Dishes in a various number of 19
inch wheels, finished In the same way and saddIes; special price from .... pieces, from....lOe to S7.-JO a set B
* 94.VV J£."»c to #3.;>O Doll Booking- Chairs Substantially ul
■Those with rubber tires from This includes a big list of Rocking built anrt well painted: are big enousrh H
$3.25 up. Horsos. for small children 25c to S^.oO
Men's Clothing and Holi- Final Clearance of Fine 9
day Novelties , Millinery. f|
(Main Floor) . (Second Floor) - fy
jacitets— aii-wooi Golf Smoking Jacket*— in Besides our regular stock, a largre number I
Qxfords. brown, blue and. light gray; every Coat is , , . 111 -,i t ., **"" 1 "^ 1 1
trimmed with silk cord and silk frogs, and has plaid of hats, recently bought, will be here ready I
and stripes on collars, cuffs and pockets. They arc in r~_ ,.^.,,^ p-ia^f.'A^ T> AmA^.K» »u- ~~.. •- E
all sizes: the equal of this Coat cannot be o( \ tor > our selection. Kemember the season is £
hRd anywhere else at less than $5.00; our >0,07 late; this sale is Opportune. 3
sp^cifli price is • a • • •- • •• •, • • • •• ti 1 •••••••••••••• .* • .* s ,. . c
Ken's Suits— Fine hand-tailored Suits, in single and . Trim ? xt< ?,, H *K t5 r~ O / w V f T \ d f scrl P;. Io n: yelvet hats, tur- |
double breasted styles; the materials are Fancy Wor- bans, chenille hats, taffeta hats, pattern tail- <T f . O fr
steds, Scotches, Cassimeres and Cheviots in all the new- ored hats; all worth $i.o0 to J8.00; may be Jfc^.flO K
est colors and brown and naa t»-oay at f k-
■ gray mixtures. Regular TTntrimmed ||
V^jT selected alT of our short roYl d sallor^sh^es
meres and' \Vorstod Suits a " d many dress lS8®SSS>3i^^St«iSj iffl
*f*%*&foiT'% T %(*± i" hoth sinple and doublw shapes. Nearly all &
J^'MlWra^WA breasted styles, that sil.l The -^Tiave W <^^R0Z%£W&&%&V r3
S&y^iillSfn shape retaining 'front. In rv°rim ' <k
W^m^^m this lot is also includea 'pale blue chnm W
W#W toT e coa^ y c b u r ?T 6 S5S2 pagne and '^ hlte; worth . "!;^ clea ; a " ce pr!ce - - $1 - 50 §
*r •»*»«"» long: an excellent v : iiue at Pragers $5. CO Mflimery p
$12.00; an ex- |I*ft f p* it.. -., ... -". f fa
traordinary \W f>S ' There still remain some rare barcams in these w
one at l * J/ * UJ popular ?5.OOhats. S
AVIITE AVANTS A DIVORCE
FROM CIIARIjES O. HUBER
Hecause She Weakened In Determina
tion to Leave Her Husband Mrs.
Achard Iioses Alimony.
. OAKLAND. Dec. 9.-7-A11 action for
divorce has been begun by Annie Bell
Huber against Charles O. Huber, a
well known advertising agent of this
city. She accuses him of paying at
tention to other women. He says she
is weakened mentally by illness and
jealousy has warped her reason. They
have three children.
: Sarah E. IJnton, obtained an inter
locutory decree of divorce from Hor
ace Linton- on the ground of desertion
and failure to provide.
Because she was Inveigled into sign
ing a- dismissal of her divorce action
against . her husband, Mrs. Elizabeth
Achard has lost her case and also the
alimony Charles Achard was ordered
to pay. her. She had him brought into
court this morning for contempt for
not having obeyed the court's order
in regard to the alimony and the dis
missal of' the. action was then tiled by
the attorney for the other side. She
then admitted that she had thought of
giving ■ her husband . another chance
and signed the paper, but afterward
changed. 1 her mind.
Grand Jury Panel Is Drawn.
Dec. 9.— The following
panel of thirty names from which the
Grand Jury will be chosen was drawn
in Judge" Hall's department this morn
ing and the men ordered to report in
dourt on Wednesday next: Daniel
McCarthy, S. R. Chappell.'M. J. Kel
ler.SD.VDlmon'd, Charles W. Damon,
Albert Arents, J. P. Meehan, F. C.
Howe, Albert Kayson, George . D.
Greenwood. • C. P. Hoag, William
Mann, J. N.* Green, M. W. Wood. W
Gruenhagen, Vincent Chloupek, Anson
.Blake, -Henry May, Valentine G. Hush.
Frank -Harrold, H. N. Gard. Serrie
Winsor, - Charles C. Volberg, B. H.
.Welch, vHenry A. Schulz. H. B. Bel
den, E.'B. Dunning, William F. Pierce,
WHliam;H. Tyson, D. S. Moulton.
SPOILED BUTTER SEIZED.— Dr. W. . C.
Hassler, chief inspecting physician of th<»
Board of Health, seized $>S0 pounds of butter
at the store of XV. C Price. Via Front street,
last Tuesday, on the ground that It was unfit
for consumption. Dr. Hassler says he will
prosecute a vigorous' campaign against Impure
foods.
OVERCOME BY FUMES —FVanlt Walsh. 14
years old. llvlnjr at 177.1 Market dtrcet. was
overcome by sulphur fumes while fu ml eating
a room at 171 Clara street last nleht. He
was brcueht to the Central Emergency Hos
pital, wbere he was quickly revived.
' ADVERTISEMENTS.
\\yl/Y*S We desrre to call «t?ent : on t» our exten- jYl
\\Orfy s»ve Ine of novelties for Holiday C'fts 3£wJV
<CtP!> " What would be more^ appreciated by the recipient x3J$Y
W^ than a beautiful piece of Cut Glass— a Vase, De- voj
ZW7 canter. Punch Bowl, Wine Set, B?rry Bovvl, Bon- v \i
J*y i bon Dish or Loving Cud? %<5y
jSSM WE ARE EXCLUSIVE AGENTS FOR UBBEY CUT GLASS )|b|/
<Vr I B°h em ' an Glassware would also make an accept- xf&
vSnta abIe Rift ~ its very art5st >c Prices Moderate. Jmyf
««\jdj/v Open Evenings Until Christmas xJ&Mz
-f^ ATH AN-DOHRIVI^y N CO. 1
U 122-132 SUTTER STREET |
Groom's Opening.
The finest hat stnre in the town will fr%
opened to-day by Groom the Halter at
P06 Market street, opposite Academy ~o£
Sciences buildlr.fr. Everything new. nice
and stylish have been secured for the
prand openinR. ixicludingr a full line of
Stetson's celebrated hats. •
No woman can wear a new dress
without in seme way advertising its
newness.
56
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
STRANGE NEGRO
ATTACKS GIRLS
Neighborhood Terrorized by
Miscreant Who Has Shown
Degenerate Disposition
POSSE BEGIXS SEABCIL
Armed 31en Watch for the
Wretch Whose Actions In
dicate His Desperation
BerXt'ey Gfttre San Francisco Call,
.. ■?)?? Center Street, Dec. J>.
A bt;:iv negTO har- so thoroughly ter
rorised (he ipsidents of South Berkeley,
ftiRhl^alps young girls by his actions,
thru armed jnr;n have patrolled th<?
etrecis in the vicinity of" the horn* of
H«rry \i. Herr at itii Sixty-fourth
etic-*t «vv?ry r.isht for a week anxious
to afipreher.d lh« \% retch, who has In
tuiVkA ycuns ".«.>m?n of the neighbor
hood r.Sth imj'.:rity.
The two youns daughters of Mr.
Kerr retxived attention from the
Ftrnnse nepio a \vee'{ ajfo ao
il:ey fo"tUKi*vl home from Berkeley.
He sj>ri.;is at them from a clump ttt
rhmbbtry. frrsl-bing each by the arm
iy.c,d ait =-«i-.piitis to embrace them. His
attempts were unsuccessful, as the
Zlils nilthed loose fjprn his dutches.
Vhey pertajped bo loudly that ihe- ne
feio fied,
Tbe younc moznen. panting and dis
hfveled, icpoMod the occurrence t>>
their pp.rcr.ts. who foo:i discovered thit
oth»r yoans: iroxnea in the r.eighbor
hootl hfl<5 b»'-n rimllirly treated. Rr-
I>ort£ ocatloncu lo cunje in. Indicative
«icj>ravlty cf a:i unusual sort, and it
\vr.« decided '.hat police protection
t-hou'd be ca!l"l for. Fp?cial d'.ricer
ilrbmn of Oakland « arae to the neigh
boiftood a; d has for several days kept
wat<_h. but v.ithout success.
. Or. A. Ki'rki:*^ of Golden Gate ha«
i'r^hriz'rd an jtxnateur iiosse and his
l;j«r.d hs* sonsftt to catch the wretch.
It is bdlered tlvt six*? «;,iro is a r.ico
track hanjur : -<-i:. i:rd the energies of
lL* ofTiceif vrUi b r .- ♦>?. c in :hr* rtirc
tlon of the Had: v. '.. -r :hc:t search for
the oiTcrrter is «■ .■■« : -.-=>il.
WILL S£J.;J Kv£l.\*ES3
. : viUji'y.r.Tt at alctiox
Ilealt>-T5cntl.- ami i-lnancc Co:npan>
Oilers Sposc Hne Manufac
turing Htc«.
OAKLAND. DtH. i». — An auction of
busiues* property will be held to-
Uionov; by the Realty- Bonds and Fin
awe* Compcny at the offices of the
company. The sale will begin at 2
t>. m. In addition to the business
property several beautiful residence
eites v/il! be offered for, «ale.
Tho buriness property in question
Is all centrally located and includes
several fine manufacturing site*.
Among the bfst of the latter is a lot
and brick building at the northeast
corner of Fin--t and Washington
sttteis. Thi$ property fronts directly
on the nater front and the overland
tracks of the Southern Pacific Com
pany.
May Sot lie lj> Sailor's Pay
OAKLAND. Dec U.— The pay o f an
America r-.;i!or may not be attached.
This morning Judge Ellsworth modi
fied ■ restraining order made last
wtsk to k*"ep Michael Sheridan, a ma
rir>< 1 engineer, from drawing $125 <lue
him from the Pacific Mall Steamship
Company. Sheridnn at present is sick
at the Marine Hospital in San Fran
cisro. His v.ifo is suing him for a di
vorce and tier] up his pay and also
sorac money [bat he has in bank. S.
R. Wall appeared in court for him
an<3 produced on act of Congress cx
emptiriR the ray of sailors from at
tachment. Upon this showing the or
der was modified so far as i-'heridan's
pay i* Concerned and he ii\\\y draw it.
If h«- then puts it In bank it may be
a SIfferent etory.
At Final Krst
OAKLAND. Dec. 9. — The funeral of
William B. Jonos, who died at his
kom« in this city last Wednesday, was
held to-day at " p. m. from the Mar
ket-streot Congregational Church.
Th<? Betvfccs were attended by many
members of tho Woodmen, the Eagles
Hn<i the- Maceabee?. Tn» remains
v.cre interrr-d in Mountain View Ceme
etpry.
I/Ccturrs on IV«im-"s "Comrtly."
The last of a series of. fix lectures
on Dante'a "Divine Comedy" was de
livered at South Park Settlement last
night by J. P. Chamberlain. The con
cluding lecture war? a review of the
'haractprs in tho great poem. It was
illur.tr. itea with Ftereoy>ticon views
The attendance at all the lectures has
been rr.u<h belter than was expected.
In fiict. they were given largely as an
experiment to sse if an audience
vov',6 bp drawn in that neighborhood
which would appreciate them. The
result was so gratifying that the ex
periment will be repeated next year.
Will Diseu.s> 1-aboratories.
Dr. J. W. Ward, president of the
Board of Health, his invited Profes
sors Stillman, Rising, Ward and
Kheinhart of the University of Cali
fornia and Stanford University to
meet with members of the Board of
Health and Dr?. Canacy and Bothe of
the bacteriological and chemical lab
oratories this afternoon at 1:20
o'clock for the purpose of discussing
methods by which the laboratories of
the local Health Department may be
brought uj» to a high standard.
ADVEKTISEMKNTS.
is not only the best soap
for toilet and bath but also
for shaving. Pears was
the inventor of shaving-
stick soap.
£<t&bli«he4 over ieo years..
"£PT ? R'Sl CURE SICK HE^? ACHE -
fprrP-E Gcnoins Must Bear
j| i VER Fac-Simile Signature ♦> ,-. . - ;
; 3 PILLS. yp -*-^ t ~~~~' ''-^
HONOR SYSTEM
FOR STUDENTS
Big Changes in Methods.
Now in Use at the
University. Are Approved
SELF-RULE IS FAVORED
Important Report of Com
mittee Is Adopted by Col
lege Men's Association
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
214S Center Street. Dec. 9.
The folIoTvinx report of the students'
: honor committee, including important
recommendations regarding proposed
changes in the administration of stu
i dent affairs at the University of Cali
fornia, was submitted to the Asso
ciated Students this morning:
The ciiarir.tn of the undergraduate ?tuden.tfe!
affair* coiiin-.Ktee rhatl b»- the president of th«-
A&sctiated Students He shall arpoint tvvo
■ s<ni.>r.« to serve on the committ*-*- through
out the oo!leK«? year. Vacanclts shall be flll-id
ty aptcintnitat by the i c)ialrm6n. ■>»'"
The presidents of the various classes and
the president cf the Graduate Students shall
t? f-x-olnVlo members of this committee. '
The undergraduate committee shall con»Her
such ma;t«r* of undergraduate discipline- an
Are brocsfct t« its attention and take action*
• itl.<T a< tinfe- Independently or by referring tijf
"U'^tlii to the faculty committee on students'
TtX undergraduate committee ?hall assume
PQiMiljr with Ui* faculty committee the rerfan-
of prwrvlrg discipline. It shall be
the doty Of the underfrraduete committee .p
.consider all cases of infractlcrii of rules ol
(fit mttTcnity which may lie brought to it*
nntict by yuembtt* of the committee or by any
fturicnt of th* tnlvcnrity. It eh3!l be ' tii* '
duty <>:' the members or the undergraduate :
ci-i..i5iitue to i r— - at f-uch caees oC violation!
of paiil rules bs may ceme to their notic«* to
the i::idrrgradu8te committee for consideration. ,
If ailtv lt;vi=t!» -.tti ,n any case be defined I
cf 5uf!'.rlent gravity it shall be reported . to i
lh» faculty lommiitfe on students' affairs.
Provided, that this clause shall not be con'
etnw-d t<< mean lhat members of the student
lx<ly net l.f!n? mcmb*rt> of the committee
ihnil be <Mmr*!Ied to report to such comniit
t«». Dor thtt the undergraduate committee
i hail Ik- cbl>c<l to present any rase to the
faculty cOBttnittM mi Mud'nts' affair; which
in ii< opinion does cot require Ruch action.
Y\ her.rvf r either the undergraduate students'
af:'fc!ii< committee cr the faculty senate aca
'lon.ic council shell de^m it adv. cable, the
two committees (ball m«it jointly for the con
figuration of any question of discipline.
The renort was adopted, with a rec
cmmendatlon that the proposed
ch^njje? be submitted to the students
for a vote.
AH iccords for receipts were broken
I.y the University of California football
!»am this season, according to the re-
Tort of Graduate anager Ezra Decoto.
made this morning to the Associated
Students. The total receipts from all
sources wore $33,436 87. The football
port of Graduate Manager Ezra Decoto.
edness amounts to $9481 32, mostly for
work on the new football field. .The
executive committee is considering the
advisability of issuing bonds to cover
this amount.
PEItSOXAL.
Julius C. Lang of Seattle is staying
at the St. Francis.
John Pierce, a wealthy New Yorker,
is at the St. Francis.
II. P. Goodman, a banker of Kapa.
is at the St. Francis.
F. L. Caughey. Auditor of Mendocino
County. !s at the Lick.
H. P. Stabler, Tuba City's leading
fruit men, is at the Lick.
James Cody and wife of Bellingham.
WHFh.. are at the Occidental.
T. B. Rickey, one of Nevada's oloneer
mining men, is at the Palace.
Sam Thall, formerly identified with
the theaters of San Francisco, is at the
Lick. •
Frederic A. Juilliard. banker and dry
gonds merchant of New York, is at the
Palace.
Lieutenant Governor Alden Anderson
and h'.s wife and daughter are at the
Grand.
- L. J. Rose Jr., capitalist and fruit
grower of Oxnard, is staying at the
Palace.
J. C. Williamson of London, who is
making a tour of this country, is a
gueft at tho Palace.
H. Hobart Porter, a well-known New
York financier, arrived here yesterday
and ie at the St. Francis.
W. A. Kiddle oT the United States
Geological Survey arrived from Reno
yesterday and is at the Lick.
Duncan B. Harrison of Washington,
the well-known playwright; Fred E.
Otteaux of Boston and Louis Lazard
of Brussels, who are interested in min
ing enterprises in this State, arrived
from the East yesterday and are regis
tei&d at the Palawi.
("nMforiihins In Xew York.
NEW YORK, Dec. 9. — The follow
ing: Californians arrived in New York
to-day: V'V" ■ - ; ■"«
From San Francisco — R. T. Ball, at
tht* Spalding; J. Eppinger. at the Her
ald Square; M. J. Girard and wife, at
the Marie Antoinette; C. Wise, at the
Hotel Navarre; S. W. Coleman, R. W.
Nason and wife, at the Victoria; Mrs.
M. Aherg, at the Kensington;' F.
Braun and wife, at the Belvedere:
SAFES SEIZED DY 1OLICE _
ARE XOT YET RETURNED
Hut ton Repudiates AH Connection
With Search Warrant Proceed
liifts Before Judge Cabaniss.
The search warrant proceedings in
connection with the three safes seized
c> Police Commissioner Hutton when
he raided 820 Washington street and
baa eisrhty-seven fantan players ar
rosted came up before Police Judge
Cabaniss yesterday. District Attorney
l^yington represented the people and
Attorney George D. Collins appeared
for Chin Kim You, the owner of the
siifes. Police Commissioner Hutton
repudiated any connection with the
starch warrant, averring that the pro
cess was void. He did not want a
civil suit for damages brought against
.. Attorney Collins again offered that
j the^coin, amounting to over $5000,
in the safes was returned to the owner
thf- Commissioners might use any pa
pers found In their investigation into
alleged bribery in. Chinatown. Chin
Kim You testified that the safes arid
contents belonged to him. Byington
citlmed that a proper showing as to
the ownership of the safes had not
been made. This was denied by Col
lins. The Judge said he would render
his decision this afternoon.
Chief Wittman says that even
though Judge Cabaniss makeB an or
der returuinc the safes to Chin Kim
You. he will not recognize it, as the
safes are held as evidence in . Judge
Fritz's court against the fantan play
ers. : . . • ■:
CHILDREN- S SOCIETY MEETS.— Cantner
.* Mmttern Co. and Miss Margaret Hawes were
elected meuilxrrr-of tht Society for the X»rc
vt-ntion of Cruelty to Children at yesterday's
monthly r.uttinjr. f)'irlr\g November the i-b-
Citty furnithed relief to ltd children and placed
tw-'lve in intlituticns end eix in families.
THE. SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SATURDAY. DECEMBER -10. 1904.
PELICAN AROUSES MUCH INTEREST
Cartooning of Nance Is University Sensation
CARTOONS ILLUSTRATING THE STUDENT, IDEA OF-THE CONTROVERSY THAT HAS I ARISEN AT THE UNIVERSITY OF
CALIFORNIA •■BETWEEN THE HEAT! OF THE -DEPARTMENT OF. MILITARY SCIENCE AND CERTAIN -YOUNG COL
LEGIANS WHO OBJECT TO 'HI& ENFORCEMENT OF .
CALENDAR TEA
NOW LEADING
SOCIAL EVENT
Bt Zoe Green Radcliffe.
OAKLAND. Dec. «.— Thij event of para
mount Interest !o JocUl circles" to-morrow Is
the annual "calendar lea" for Fabioia, -which
Continues to hold It* own. In popular favor in
spite of other deserving charities that also
depend, ! to (a, certain . extent. ! upon public ! gen
erosity. The ladles of Fablola. however, have
mastered the art of entertaining anU whatever
th«- form of amuiement they provide the public
has learned to expect the b*gt. 8o tomorrow
society will assemble expectantly at the Cha
bot home <m Madison etreet and it is safe to
predict that no one will be disappointed.
BeiSdfs the t*a and the calendars and the
dainty bcoks of .quotations — attractive- gift
book* they are. In handsome green leather
ooier*— a musical pMxwmme of unusual merit
will help to make the ■ afternoon a memorable
one i'tr the nri«t time In many, many moons
Mrs W E. Crellin — better, known to us as
CAmllle.d-Arvllle~-will.ln us hear her splen
did voice once mere. She vows that sne will
reallv and truly "cross my heart" and all
ths rest of it, Mrtjp to-morrow, so we pan only
hope th«t an arbitrary do-.tor vr'M not butt
in" thla time, as he has done on one _ or
two "other occasions. But the Fablola lad es
have the famouj primfcdonna's solemn promise
to give her glorious voice to their cause, so
eht will surely be- there. ' - , • ! ' . . ., '
But though a great attraction. Mm. Creuln
In' * not by «ny mwtis the only one. Clement
Millwood the barytone, wlil sin?,, among other
things a dashing Hungarian air. *'Thro' the
Tisza Torrer.i," that has not been heard here
b«ore and Mis* Helen Crane, who3e beautiful
voice 'visitors to the Clift calendar tea two
years aso will remember. Is also on the pro
gramme. Then there is Willard Barton, who
hai> surely mi«*d hio calling ami the vaude
ville stare a star, (cr he Is Inimitable as a
funmaker. To-morrow he will sing ; "Little
Mary' and "Clara." the latter an original
musical burlesque by Mr. Barton himself. The
double quartet of the German Choral Society,
'which has carried off all kinds of honors,
will also be heard, In several fine selection*,
and Miss Frances" Irish and Mlss.Peftvi King
will each in her own clever fashion, con
tribute to the general, amusement. Miss
IrUh's monologue work is too well known, to
need comment and the dramatic work of Miss
KinB will afford' a pleaslnK contrast.
The new nurses' home, for which the ben
efit 1« being given, is almost completed and
will be one o£ the finest Institutions of the
kind- on the ccast. ■■-■■.
lire Oiebat will be assisted in receiving
by her dausntern. Mrs. ' Knlsht. Mrs. • Dl*ck
mann Mrs. Dunn and Miss Chabot and by
the members of the" hospital association. In
cluding- Mrs F. F. Barbour. Mrs. Edward
BaVry Mr» . W. 8." Baxter, Mrs. O. F. Che»
fill*r Mr*. William Clltt. Mrs. Charles Deer
in* 'Mrs David E. Ea»t*rbrool:. Mrs. John
Crbrles Adams. Mrs. B. J.- Barrett. Miss Alice
Blake Mrs Frahk Brigham, Mrs. Arthui
Brown Mre.' i- R- Bornham. Mrs. Henry. A.
Butt»ri: MM.F. C. Cllft. Mrs T. C. Coocan.
Mrs A R Dabr.ey,. Mrs. W. B. Dunning.
Mtsl Charles PRbert, Mrs. E. R. Folger. Mrs.
W B acadfellow, Mrs. Hush Hoean, Mr«.
O " W ~Hiime".'MlM Sarah Hprton, Mrs. .Irving
r Vylwls Mrs. Charles . -Lovell. Mrs. Alex.
Marx Mrs. Jamea Moffitt. Mrs. S. A. O'Neill.
Mrr'w^S. Palmer. Mrs. H. P. I.athrop, Mrs.
Tfchn- £ ' Howard; Mrs. ,O. C. Kirk. Mrs.. Paul
ffl* Mr*, a W. .McChesney.. Mrs. T. J.
M^Mannii Mrs.- Prentl«s Selby. Mrs. W. S.
K Mn W.R.- Snook. Mrs. E. B. Stone.
Mrs Felton Taylor. Mrs. J. C. Wilson. Mrs.
A b Wilson Mr«. A Schilling, Mrs. Mailier
R»»rles' Mr* '■!. A. Shucy. Mrs. Charles Sut
toi. Mw W: b Tisdtle, Mrs, John Yule. Mrs.
b A. Chase. Mr*. Oeorfie Dornln. Mrs. . RJ W\
aorrill and Mrs. William R. Davis.
■ Mrs C 'C. Clay : has returned from a three
months' visit in New York with her. daughter,
Mrs Harden I-ake ■■ Crawford. Mrs. Clay's
health | has been much benefited by her j East
""After.a tour -of the Eastern States. Canada
and British ■ Columbia Mrs. D. B. Hunter Is
again occupying ; her Berkeley home. . .
Mies Penniuan and her nieces. Misses Flor
ence and Carol Pardee, daughters of Governor
Pardee are in ' Oakland • for a • few . days . at
the Hotel Touraln*. . ' .
Ml«s Nellie Chabot expects to leave shortly
for th*. East where ahe will spend the winter.
A 'cart of the tltrif she iwlll be the guest of
Secretary and Mrs. Victor. H. Metcalf lu V.'ash-
Iriton. - ■■' ' ."': ? 1-: 4- <-t ; " '
• Miss" Evelyn Hussey and her father, Horace
Htiseey. . will . leave next week for the East. .
Toe A. I«wndes Scotta are. expected .home
after a six rnantha' absence In -Yokohama.
•-■ Mr. and . Mrs. Shelby Martin ! »ntertalned the
Thursday l Five Hundrsd t Ojub last night' at
ihf. HMmwKll Ik me- »w Madison street. >• ■
.. ills." "Jojeph Cr.anslor i".as."sent out cards
J: Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
v 2148 Center Street,. Dec. 9.
Despite the flood of lampoons, wit
licisnis, cartoons and gibes hurled at
Captain Nance by the wits of the col
lege university in the" Pelican, which
made its appearance on the campus toj
day. the military instructor was imper
turbable and silent.,- iv 6
" Grr/ups of students on the campus
read the periodical, which made its ap
pearance to-day, and in fraternity
house and college hall the. Pelican was
almost the sole topic of talk. The au
thorship if the verses is not known. It
being the paper's policy to protect its
contributors by making all communi
cations anonymous. The cartoons are
signed, these being the .work of Emil
Kruschke, Carl Hoffman and J. Klein.
' In one set of verses, labeled "Nancy,"
Captain Nance and his affair with the
senior class is treated of thus:
Teacher is rinsing the bell, now
Don't stop to play in the yard—
• 'Cause if we stop
She calls In the cop;
Miss Nancy Is awfuliy hard.
Oncet I played hookey from drlllin*—
I wished 1 didn't, 'cause then
Teacher, Ml*s Nancy,
_ She walloped my pants, she —
v\ell, honest, it hurted like sin.
Teacher, may I leave the room now?
I wante.r go out fora drink— V
Four* right about me —
Fours Inside out me —
Lemme get out and think;.
This thing- is simply a otory
Written by me for you—
Artlffps In telling,
Crazy in spelling —
Crazyl— but Isn't It true?
Despite the order said to have been
issued to student editors that W. T.
Male's name jvas hot to appear in any
61 their issuer. Editor Haliett boldly
devotes his. leading editorial to a la
ment for .Bale's fate, praising him for
his courage and fidelity to what he
thought was right, and closing with the
declaration that "We want Hale back."
MANY ADDRESSES f HEARD
BY RELIGIOUS TEACHERS
..One of the strongest annual con
ventions of the San Francisco Sunday
school Association evlr held in this
city took place, yesterday at the First
United Presbyterian Church, the Rev.
Walter M. White in the: chair. '
George W. Dickie delivered an ad
dress on "The Christian Man in the
bunday-school." While strongly urg
ing enthusiastic work on the part of
Sunday-school -teacher3, he said that
a disinterested person going through
our city would not have the idea that
it is a city of Christians.
(Charles Murdock and the Rev. Wil
liam Rader were also speakers, and L:
IL.Cary said it was through the Inter
national Sunday-school Association
that it -has been made possible to
bring 25.859,000 into a union study
of the Bible.
foi a tea on December 20, In her new Wash
ington street home in San Francisco.
■ ■ - ■ . • «... . %
ALAMEDA, Dec. 0.— Announcement is made
Of the engagement of" Miss May Sklllincs, a
popular teacher of the local school depart
ment, and Professor Newell Harris Bullock of
the State Normal.. School. San Jose. Miss
Shillings' -.resignation was accepted by ths
Bpard of Education Tuesday evening. The
wedding -'.will- take place in this city on the
2lst inst.
George Renn'r will leave next Friday for
Pasadena to attend .the convention of civic
organizations of California to be held in that
; clty.>-. .......... .- . -.- r
Miss Sadie RJenhold of 2254 Bucna Vista
avenue has returned from a stay of ten wsekd
in Orfzon. MroCTfWjMprwBWp'WWl > i » 'l|>
M1*s-L,llle Pfetl. a granddaughter of Captain
K: .Van OUrendorp of this city, and Broil A.
Urendt of Honolulu were -wedded; In San Kran
clsco Wednesday.' The bridi*' Is the daughter
of Mr... Well "of : 17;".) . Central avenue, and
has-been rfsir'ln:* for some time In Portland;.
INFORMS CHIEF
AS TO THE LAW
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
lOlfi Broadway. Dec. 9.
Chief of Police Hodgkins was noti
fied to-day by President J. E. McEI
toy of the Board of Police and Fire
Commissioners that it was McElroy's
opinion that complaints on "informa
tion and belief" could be sworn to
against former Sergeant Charles E.
Clark and Patrolmen C. W. Hamer
ton, J. F. Ptahl and L. E. Andrews,
who were dismissed from the police
force for pilfering: from merchants'
shops while on duty.
The effect of this notice is to advise
ChUit Hodgkins lhat any person with
sufficient knowledge may make oath
to the accusations of burglary.
I5efore a decision is. reached as to
who shall swear to the complaints
there will be a conference between
President McKlroy. and Chief Hodg
kins. ,r">. -,.":i- ■■'--',''■ -'*
After many ay it nesses were heard the
case of Policeman J. F. Sill was sub
mitted. A number of witnesses testi
fied. Chief Engineer Ball of the Fire
Department swore that he saw Sill
carrying; a bundle on :he street which
looked like a. side of bacon. Firemen
Al. Quisl<?y and Frank Baker said Dun
lap had not mentioned the subject to
them until after publication of the
charges. J. P. "Williams, formerly an
engineer at Becker's market, said that
SiH had frequently reported to him
that the market doors had been left
unlocked. Captains of Police W. J.
Petersen and A. Wilson declared Sill's
record was that of an honorable police
man. . .-
Charges were filed against Patrol
man McKcegan, who is accused by J.
MJ Breen, a saloon-keeper, with mak
ing an unwarranted arrest.
ROBERT J. BURDETTE TALKS
ABOUT "RAINBOW CHASERS"
Pleads Eloquently for. the Exaltation
of the Ideal in Modern
Life.
Robert J. Burdette lectured in the
auditorium of the Y. M. C. A. last
night before a big audience. "Rain
bow Chasers" was his subject. Mere
practically speaking his address was a
plea for the exaltation of the ideal. He
said In part:
■ No people has ever been a great people un
less they have had great dreamers. ; The
"practical" people only carry out the Ideals of
the dreamers, AH the greai facts of accom
plishment — telegraphs, steam engines, tele
phones, airship? — are "dreams." ,
.Joseph, the dreamer, was the moEi practical
man that ever ; managed a wheat corner or a
national real ' estate deal. And hard-headed,
practical old Jacob -' is best known t cr his
dream ay Bethel."- Always the ideal first — then
the accomplishment.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday, December 9.
Stmr San "Pedro. Rasmusscn. 33 hours from
EureJta. .
Stmr W H Kruger. Nordberg, hours from
Eureka.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSHND — Sailed Dec 9 — Bktn
Hespev. • for Santa Kcsalla.
A BEKDEKN— Sailed Dec 9— Stmr Grace
Dollar, for San Francisco; schr John A Camp
bell, for San Francisco.
Arrived Dec 0 — Schr Ecoada. from San Pe
dro: flchr Philippine, from San Diego; schr
Chas F Falk. hence Nov 20. •? ! Sfi§a
SEATTLE — Arrived Dec 9 — Stmr Humboldt,
from Ska:rway.
ISLAND PORTS. ;
HONOLULU— Sailed Dec .0— Bark R P.
Rtthet; for San Francisco; stmr Korea, for
Yokohama." •■ •
UN FOLDS TALE
OF COOL CRIME
David Kinify Glories in His
Career as Who
Has' Mate a Success in Life
BIUG^OF HIS PROWESS
Meahwhile Evidence Accum
ulates to Fasten on Him
Murder of Patrolman Smith
Oakland Office San Francisco. Call.
1016 Broadway, Dec. 9.
David Kiniry was revealed af the
preliminary examination to-day as a
cold-blooded and cunning burglar,
proud of his criminal record.
Many conversations with Kiniry, by
Chief Hodgkins and Captain W. J. Pe
tersen. shed light on "the character of
the suspected murderer of brave Po
liceman Smith: Many cf the Chief's
conversations took place at Los Ange
les. Kiniry bragged that from the
Crellin and Bannan residences in Oak
land he stole $10,000 worth of plunder.
He told how cleverly he had climbed to
get into these residences. He was volu
ble about the meeting with Policeman
Smith and admitted that Goldstein and
he were c-ut on a burglarious expedi
tion, but when Hodgkins and Peter
sen later asked: "Who fired the first
shot?" Kiniry balked.
"You don't expect me to tell all my
case, do you?" he said.
But they got him to tell how he fled
after the shooting and landed that
night in a Turk street lodging
house in San Francisco that had for
merly been kept by Mrs. Greiner, moth
er of Frank Goldstein.
After the shooting Kiniry visited with
Fred Rouchon, an uncle, and then de
parted on a bicycle for San Jose, con
tinuing his flight to Los Angeles, thence
Ejist. - He went to the St. Louis Ex
poMtic-n, heading West after he had
lost many diamonds and a wallet with
$365.
"I came back to rob a pawnshop at
Los Ajjgeles, where I expected to get
$120,000," said Kiniry, explaining his
return to California.
Kiniry said Goldstein owed him $200,
and he thought it might be a good way
to settle accounts by listening to the
youth's pleas to be taken into partner
ship. He says Goldstein was always
afraid, though he always stood guard
while Kiniry did the robbing.
Hodgkins rehearsed mucn in detail
in talks with Kiniry touching the
shooting.
Ross Steadman, son of Mrs. W. E.
Steadman, at whose residence, 1362
Grove street, Kiniry and Goldstein
roomed at the time of the murder, tes
tified this morning that he had seen
the pair leave the house together the
evening of the shooting. Steadman
heard of the murder, went to Four
teenth and Oak streets, where he saw
Goldstein's body and thought he rec
ognized, the sweater. Returning home
Steadman.- found a note written, by
Kiniry that read:
Will be home In the course of a week. Tbo
Boys. If we send any notice please follow In
structions.
Mrs. Steadman followed her son and
made a remarkable demonstration of
sympathy for Kiniry.
As she left the witness-stand, Kiniry
said to her:
"I am sorry for all of the inconveni
ence I put you to."
"I am very sorry it happened," re
plied Mrs. Steadman. "I can't eay
anything against you "
"Stop! that will do, madam," stern
ly ordered Judge Samuels.
Captain of Police W. J. Petersen tes
tified to the finding of a loaded revol
ver near Goldstein's body. The
weapon showed no evidence of having
been recently discharged.
Poiicemen Flynn, Moore and Bran
nan furnished connecting Items of evi
dence. H. R. Buswell. assistant secre
tary of the Young Men's Christian As
sociation, identified an application for
membership card Kiniry had deposited
with him.
"Any chance of my getting back my
application fee of $10?" asked Kiniry.
"There may be," replied Buswell.
"I wish you would look up that mat
ter," 'urged Kiniry.
Maury Miller, a boy, neighbor of the
Steadmans, 8aw Kiniry and Goldstein
departing from the Steadman place the
night .Smith was murdered. Detective
George Kyte identified a pistol, box of
cartridges, black silk muffler in
itialed "E. J. B.," loose cartridges
writing paper and William Bannan's
cuff-buttons as having • been found
among the pair's effects at the Stead
man house. The hearing will be con
cluded to-morrow.
CHARGE EMERGENCY HOSPITAL
DOCTORS WITH CARELESSNESS
In Cases of James Welch and Wil
liam Feely Records Show Cor
rect Diagnosis. > 7. " . '■
Although the records of the Central
Emergency Hospital show that John
Welch was treated* there on December
5 for a fracture of the femur and sub
sequently died from the effects of the
shock to his system, a Coroner's jury
yesterday returned a verdict in the
case censuring the Emergency Hos
pital surgeons for "failing to give the
patient a thorough examination "
The verdict added, "But we regard
death as purely accidental." a
Welch was 70 years of age He
fell down a light well on the date
mentioned and was sent to the hos
pital for treatment.
William Feely died at the City and
County Hospital Wednesday from the
effect .of seven broken ribs and inter
nal injuries. His relatives claim that
his case was incorrectly diagnosed by
the • Emergency Hospital surgeons
The records, however, show that Dr
Hill correctly diagnosed his case and
treated him accordingly. Feely had
been drinking and it was also neces
sary to treat him for alcoholism.
DECLARES HE WAS ROBBED
BY TWO CAUD SWINDLERS
. Warrants were sworn out yesterday
for the arrest of Harry Walters and
Joe Furey on a charge of robbing J.
C. Tarrant of 24 Tiffany avenue of
$451 in a card game. The date of the
alleged criminal transaction is given
as September 13, 1903. Tarrant's ex
cv.se ,for not makins the complaint
sooner is that he ha'd been absent in
thr; East since that time.
When the warrants were placed in
the hands of the Detective Depart
ment it was ascertained that Furey
had been shot and killed in Boston a
short time ago. A quarrel in a poker
gume caused his death. Walters can
net be found and Detective Bailey has
bpen ordered to search .the city for
him * '
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
10 fC Hroadway.
Telcplione ?faln 10S^
BEKKKLEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
. ALA3IEDA.
1433 Part Street.
Telephone Alametla 339.
OAKLAID'S LEADING
ADVERTISING MAN
A Strong Believer in the
Daily Newspaper.
What Stuart W. Booth Has
Done to Educate Oakland
in Advertising.
Any one familiar with the newspaper
field in Oakland can not have failed to
be Impressed with the remarkable In
crease of advertising of the leading busi
ness- houses, as well as the excellent
quality of the advertisements themselves.
This growth has not been of the mush
room variety, but largely the result of
patient and persistent effort on the oart
of one man, Mr. Stuart W. Booth,
llr. Booth Is one of the most conserva
tive optimists of Oakland to-day. For
several years he has devoted his energies
and intelli~ence toward, raising the stand
ard of advertising in that locality. It is
refreshing to talk with Mr. Booth: ha
never knows anything but what ia forth*
welfare and upbuilding of h}s community
and its people. Publicity In all deslrahl»
forms is his creed, no matter whether it
be the exploiting of a retail firm, tha
preparation of political matter, the com
piling of articles setting forth all that is
good in Oakland — it makes no difference
what it is. the best and brightest side,
which is always th* safest, appeals only
to him, and through him to the tens of
thousands of others who dally, though,
without knowing it. are influenced by hi3
work in the local newspapers.
3IR. BOOTH'S ABILITY.
The ability of Mr. Booth In this direc
tion was first detected by that shrewd
and successful man. Mr. John A.
Britton. and for several years the pub
licity department of the Oakland Gas.
Light and Heat Company has been man
aged by Stuart W. Booth. All the Intel
ligent and productive work. whether
newspaper advertising or through store
magazines, which bears the Imprint ofl
the If. C. Capwell Company, has been th«
Individual work of Stuart W. Booth.
Mr. Booth's ability since that time t»
handle advertising successfully In all its
aspects — compiling, writing, displaying,
illustrating — has been recognized by
every merchant in Oakland. So great is
the confidence placed in his Judgment
and in his integrity that many mer
chants outside of his list do not hesitate
for a moment to consnlt him on matters
of business, knowing full well that what
ever Mr. Booth says in regard to pub
licity will be reliable and practical.
LEGITIMATE ADVERTISING.
The legitimate newspaper is the proper
thing to advertise In. Mr. Booth believes,
and the success which he has met with
in this regard justifies his belief.
His experience has been very wide, and
he is as familiar with London, Calcutta
and Pitcairn Island as he is with San
Francisco Bay. For a dozen years of his
life he was an officer In the British mer
chant marine, and ht3 extensive travels
have proved of . inestimable value in his
career of publicity. For a long time ha
was engaged in newspaper work, but has
abandoned that in order to give his en
tiro time to the business of his publicity
bureau, located in a suite of Tooms at
No. 957 Broadway.
DESERVEDLY POPULAR.
Two important positions are held by
Mr. Booth. He isa director of the Oak
land Board of Trade and is chairman of
the publicity committee of that organic
zation. His popularity in his. home dis
trict. East Oakland, is attested by tho
fact that he is now. for the second term,
president of that flourishing civic reli
gious organization, the Men's Sunday
Club of Kast Oakland.
ORIGINAL PLANS WILL STAND.
Loss o f Ships nt Port Arthur Will Not
Disarrange Admiralty's Scheme.
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 9.— The Ad
miralty announces officially that\ while
the only ships still in the Baltic will b«
made ready as soon as possible against
any eventuallity, no decision has yet
been arrived at regarding sending tham
to the Far East. The battleship Sylva,
the only modern battleship, will not be
completed befo-re early in the spring.
The statement is made that even if.
every ship of the Port Arthur squadron
is destroyed, it will have no effect on
Rojestvensky's plans, which never con
templated assistance from the Port Ar
thur squadron. The reports of the pink
ing of a number of Russian ships, of
whith the Admiralty has no confirma
tion, however, caused a feeling of ex
treme sadness in high naval circles,
where the plans of Rear Admiral Wir
en. the commander of the Port Arthur
squadron, were known/ It seems In
credible that when it became apparent
the ships were unde^flre of the Jap
anese guns that theP were not taken
out and sunk In deep water, where they
would be beyond the pc-asibility of
salvage. The only way in which the
officials here can account for the fail
ure to do so is that Admiral Wiren
was confronted by conditions of which
the Admiralty is in isrnorancc.
BATES GETS Ilia N'OTE.— Judge Hebbard
yeMerday save- Ju.lj;rneni against Julius Hels.
executor of the estate of .Samuel Davta. for
th«- return to Geurre E. Bates of a note for
?1O.CIO which Davis had promised to deMro>.
Hatr?. r>n . the *tand, told the story of tha
transaction with the eccentric millionaire.STANDARD OIL STEAMSHIP COMES FROM THE ORIENT
The British steamship Dakotah, Cap
tain Ross, which arrived yesterday
from the Orient, has come here, it is
said, to be converted Into an oil burn
er. The Dakotah is owned by the
Standard Oil Company and flies the
Hag: of the "Anglo-American Oil Com
pany, as the British branch of the
Rockefeller concern is styled. She is
equipped for earning petroleum in
bUik. and will probably take liquid
.uel as freigrht to the Orient. The Da-
Kotuh. which is a vessel of 2393 tons
net register, was formerly the British
steamship Tuscanny. She was pur
chased recently from the Tuscanny
bteamship Company by the Standard
2>eople, who changed the vessel's name.
Tho Dakotah was built at Newcastle,
England, in 1902. and is equipped with
every modern device for the expedi
tious handling of bulk oil.
She was twenty^one days coming
Mojl. She brougrht one passen
ger. D. H. P.lbb. the lumber merchant
of this city.
Pleased With the Siberia.
Afisslral Loul* Kempff Inspected the liner
Siberia yesterday end foanl nrcrytMns on
board that vessel In strict keeping with the
la*\ A P.re alarm was sounded and the oper
ation of abandoning «hip gone through. Every
■ : "f-l received prompt r^fponpe. and before
• saving- the vessel Admiral Kempff congrratu
".ited Captain J. Tremalne Smith en the splen
did discipline maintained in every department.
■\Vhile at tea the Sib*>ra carries hrr lifeboats
*»ur.j out and in forition for instant lowpmg.
VTbea In »*-rt. houfver, inr-y are pulled in
board ar.d la*h<M snugly Jn r'ace on deck. This
«'8i the condlticn in whloh the boats wer«.
yeFterday when Admiral Kempff Bounded the
*■ tmal to "abandon ship." and within two ciin
ut^s every »>cat hal bct-n frr^d oX its lashingv.
swur.g out and lowered. It was this maneuver
whir-h i*rtlou!arly pleased the distinguished
navy officer.
Tli e O\-crdne List.
Tfce British bark PrW Holme was placed
r=r. the overdue list yesterday at Sft per cent.
• £be i* cut 142 days frrm London for Hobart.
Word web received that the stf-amship Shrews-
I'-iry. ;rom Mngaporr* for HcnckonR ani quoted
£t dt ter cfnt. ti-as ashore on Bombay reef.
prcbably a total Ins?. Other overdue* are
quoted as Cotkm: NecV. 15 per cent: Pitcairn
U tend. 1^ p*-r ccr.t: Dritirti ship Ventura, 10
i^r crt; Stork. (P> per cent, and Etflth Mary.
.'•'• per cer.t. . -s. i
Liners to Sail
Tbe Or*anir Steamship Ccmipany'* liner Als
meda and 'he Pacific Mail Company's City of
fiytety will l«a\-e port this morning. The Ala-
E'ii ea'.!s at II o'clock for Honolulu and the
Py<jne> at nron for Panama and way ports.
Thr Sydney is taking the largest shipment of
tr»isyure ewr taken to a Central American pert.
This shipment of eil\ - er coin, valued at (250,000,
will be lanied at Acajutla.
NEWS OF THE OCEA.V.
Matters of Interest to Slartners and
Shipping Merchants.
The Brit!5h ship Ladye Doris loads wheat
r»r* for Europe on owner's account
The bark Amy Turner return* to HJlo and
xY.f bark W. B. Fl:nt to Makawell with gen
«rai merchandise.
% Canro for Honolulu
The barkentlne Irtr.gard sailed yesterday for
Honolulu with an assorted cargo, valued at
t?*.W, ar.«J including the following:
r^tf bbls flour. f?l ctls wheat. S7CS ctls barley.
.89 ctle oats. 77 otls corn. 99.210 lbs bran.
4:.2C''> lbs middling*. 1927 bales hay, 11,350
lb* lard. 15 pkca vinegar. 750O lbs
r&lu 49uO lbs bread. 1171 lbs beans.
<-«• lOft bbls Ralmon. 10 cs table preparations,
r. i bx!» part*. e75ft lbs irlacose. 2244 gale 30
cf wine. 2r>.2l« lbs rice. 120 caeks beer. 13.000
feot lumber. 100 colls rope, 350 bxs ecao, 8
l«i!y Fteel. 7 pkgs leather. 102 pkgs wagon
mafrtal, 7C0 lbs 1 c« tcbacco. 13 bales twine.
"5 \ krs dry rood*. 77C0 lbs soda. 25 cs
aiatchec
The Curacao's Caryo.
The Ft^amer Curacao, m-hich sailed on Wed
nesday for Guaynias. carried a general m«r
ch»n<i:»» carp-o. consigned to the port of des
tination and other Mexican ports, valued at
:■:-:" and Including the following:
V.2i~. pals wine. 7750 lbs eplce». 141 gals Cl
ot whisky, 75i.74C lb« coffee, 2174 lbs nats, 17
V.bls flour. SK$ pkgs fresh fruits. 10.820 lbs
ir'.f-i fruit. 1011 pkgs potatoes. 2S2 pkgB
c.r.-.'-r.!'. 42 cs baking powder. C7 pk^s groceries
and provisions. 93S pkgs paste. 2€21 lbs but
ter. SO* pkgs table preparations. 1770 lbs
ch«^*>o. 1C03 lbs beans. 18.S63 lbs rice. 726 lb#
ralsir.?. 375 cs assorted canned goods, 922
It* ham and baccn. 00 cs mineral water, 5 cs
pin t> cs liquors. 124 cs canned salmon. 3145
It* saro. 52 c« olives. 1790 lbs tea, 7133 lbs
2 cs bread. 10*2 lbs malt. 60 bales hay, 564
ibs lard. 217.32S i(~t lumber. 35.725 lb» tal
low, 4&.531 lbs bluerlcce. 17.9&S lb» pig lead.
■ * (k£s 249 pes machiner>', 133 ca oils, 61 c«
ironware. 2J>1 coils ror^e. C3 cs candles. 22 bdls
59 pes «■«■".. S bdls 53 pes pipe. 234 bdls 70
pc» Iron. 27 pkgs drugs and sundries. 6 c«
turpentine. 195 pkgs paints 111 bdls wire.
66 cs 1 bbl lubricating oil. 136 boiler tubes. 65
cs fuse. --•"• bdls chocks. 7 pkgs arms and am
rcur.ltirr.. 2? pkgs electrical supplies. 37 pkgs
acid. S503 Ib« borax. 836 lbs rosin. 319 bdls
esxks. 12S pkgs paper. 2 ce leather. 212 pkgs
tank material. 22C0 lbs »aJt hides. 13 bzs soap.
f- pkgs drj" goods. 50 flasks quicksilver, 2240
Ibc cyanide. S3 sks coal, 36 pkgs millwork, 1
home. 11 bead cattle.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday. December 9.
Sirrr Lakme. Carlson. 41 hours from Re
flendn.
Br etmr Dakotah. Rcss, 24 iays from Shang
hai, via Moji 21 days.
Ptir.r Scotia. Jchnson. 11 hours from Bowens
Landing.
t'tn-.r M&ndalay. Emlth. 40 hour* from Cres
cent City.
Etmr Prentis*. Ah>trom, 27 hours from Saa
Pedro. .
Stmr CentrsJia. Ericsson, 37 hours from
Ea.n Pedro.
Stmr Ncyo, Johnson, 83 hours from Eureka.
Br ship Eva Montgomery. Dncherty, 1S4 dy«
from Lelth. via Newcastle. Eng. 153 days.
Bktn Fullerton. McKechnle, 16 days from
Kihel.
Schr Eacrsjneato. Gruggel. 23 daya from Co-
C-"le.
Schr Astelope, Chrtstenscn. 15 flays from
Eureka.
Schr Bessie K. Etark. 10 hours from San
Vicente Leadisx.
CLEARED.
Friday. X>ecember t.
Et=ir Corons, Gtelow, Eureka.; Paci-o Coast
Etearaihip Ccasper.y.
Btav Montara.. Re'.'.'.y. Seattle; Pac'.Sc Coaat
Eteajrahip Ccaopaay.
Etmr Santa. Rosa, Alexander. San Diego and
vty porta: Padnc Coat Steamship Company.
Bktn Insgard. SchznlSt. Honolulu; Williams,
r-:- cT.i tc Co.
EXILED.
Friday. Deceanber 8.
F-.-r Bostta. Preble. Han Pedro and way
ports.
{-• rr.r Evrekx. Jecsea. Enraka.
Etmr FrancU H Legsett. Relnera. Eureka.
Etmr Corona. Glelow, Eureka.
Ftrcr Whitesbcro. Frederlckson, Point Ares*.
Stmr Glccy, L«laad, Monterey and way
ports.
Btiar Centralla. ETlcsson. Grays Harbor.
Btmr LsJune. Carlson. Eureka, with schr
Eva la tow.
Stmr Mcntara, Retlly, Seattle.
Ektn lnr.card, Ecamldt. Honolulu.
Bchr Geo E B!!llnrs, Birkholm, Eureka, In
tow cf rtmr Francis H Leggett.
Schr Wia nenton,. Nielsen. Wjllapa Harbor.
Schr Ifia. McKay. Lethola, Eureka.
Echr Lily. Bcttger. Umpqua. River.
Schr Advance. Ogidalsuen, CoqulU* River.
fc'cfcr Eva, Bjcrnstrom. Eureka, In tow of
rtmr L&ksie.
EPOKE3T.
Nor 15— Lat 75 N. long S3 W. Br ship Scot
tish Loch* from New York, for Melbourne.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Dec 9. 10 » m— Weather
cloudy; wind EE; velocity 12 miles per horn?
DOMESTIC PORTS.
hef,ce A rIcir ArrlTed °* C 8 - £tmf *»•«.
Sailed Dec 8-Star Jefferson, for Ska«way.
HraWl^cf? * a-Stmr UmaUlU. forSaa
h«(l^«.~ Arrh ' rf °" »-«»«» Redondo.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Dec 9— 8tiar Alaskan
for Ean Francisco. r Alaa>t * n .
EANTA BARBABA— Arrived D«c 8— Stmr
Coo» Bay. from San Pedro, and called for sin
FYnnrij.ee: ttmr SUte of Califorcla. henc«
Dec 8 and railed for San Diego
WE&TPORT— Arrived Dec 9— Stmr Wui
port, hence Dec 8. " l
TATOOSH— Parsed out Dec 8— Bktn James
Tuft, from Btlllnffham, for Eydney; Br itmr
Wyefleld. from Nantlmo. for Eaa Franei««n,
Passed In Dee 9— Scfar Crescent, rrom T H*.
dondo. for Pert Townsend. ... ***^
CLALLAM BAY— Patsed out Dec 9— Schr
Balr.bridge. from Port Blakeley, for SuvaT^
PORT BLAKELET— Sailed Dec 8-^Schr
Bairbrldge for Suva.
COOS BAY— Arrived Dec »— EUnr Alliance
trom Portland. •
PORT HARFORD — Arrived Dec 8. 7 a. m— :
Etmr Sjt.-.ta Cruz. h«nce Dec 7; stmr WhltUer
with barse Ea&ta. Paula. In tow, hence Dec 7!
Petroleum-Carrier Dakotah Will Be Gpn verted Into
Liquid-Fuel Burner at This Port.
ETAXDARP OIL. COMPANT"S STEAMSHIP DAKOTAH. WHICH FLIES THE BRITISH FliAG AND COMES HERE FROM THE
ORIENT TO BE CONVERTED INTO AN OIL BUHNER. SHE WAS FORMERLY THE TUSCANNY AND IS FITTED TO
CARRY PETROLEL-M IN BULK. . .
Sailed Dec «>. 7 p m— Stmr Whittier. with
barge Santa Paula in tow. for San Pedro.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Dec ft— Bktn Geo C
Perkins, from ; stmr Acm». from Astoria:
*chr Carrier Dove, from Grays Harbor; schr
Mary Dodee. from Eureka; stmr Navarro,
from
Sai!e<l Dec 9 — Stmre Vanguard. Alcatraz and
Melville Dollar, for fc'an Francisco.
EUREKA— Sailed Dec fr— Stmr Coqullle
River, for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Dec 0— Schr
Philippine, from San Diero; echr Espada. from
Saa Pedrc; schr Chas E FaJk. hence Nov 29.
ISLAND PORTS
HONOLULU — Arrived D«c 9 — Stmr Korea,
fcence Dec 3; U S stmr Petrel, from San Diego.
Arrived Dec 9 — U S stmr Locan. hence Dec
2; etmr Mongolia, from Yokohama.
MANILA— Sailed Dec 7 — Nor stmr Skuld.
for Newcaunle. Aus.
KAHCLUJ— Sailed Dec S— Stmr Arcyll. for
Ean Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS
BOSTON— Pas*ed In Dec &— Shi D Wra F
Babcock, from Port Blakeley via Bermuda,
In tow.
FOREIGN PORTS
VICTORIA— Arrived Dec S— Stmr Queen,
hence Dec 6.
Sailed Dec S — Br stmr Tant Tsze, for Van
couver.
Sailed Dec 9 — Stmr Umatllla.
Parsed ovt Dec 9 — Br stmr Wyefleld. for
San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived rrlor to Dec 0— Br
stmr Athenian, from Vancouver.
GENOA — Sailed Dec 5 — SDan Btmr Isla de
Panay. fcr Manila.
SYDNEY — Arrived prior to Dec 9 — Br stmr
Miowera. from Vancouver.
MOJI — Sailed D«c 7 — Br stmr Crusader, for
Ean Francisco.
LAUNCESTON— Arrived prior to Dec 9—
Br bark Woollahra, from Eureka, Cal.
ICANAIMO— Sailed Dec 8— Br stmr Wye
field, from San Francl»co.
OCEA_N STEAMERS
XEW YORK — Arrived Dec 0— Stmr Astoria,
from Glasgow; stmr Amsterdam, from Rot
terdam.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Dec 9 — Stmr Baltic,
from New York.
HAMBURG — Arrived Dec 9— Stmr Pretoria,
from New York, -via -Dover.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Dec 9— Stmr Cam
pania, from New York.
NAPLES— Arrived Dec 8 — Stmr Algeria.
from New York.
Memoranda.
Yokohama telegraphs that the Br stmr In
verness, from Puget Sound, previously reported
ashore at Mororan, has been floated, apparent
ly undamaged.
Br Etmr Menantlc. from Valparaiso. Is
ashore at Ccronel. A later dispatch from Lon
don says the vessel will probably be a total
wreck, though cargo may be saved.
Per echr Sacramento— Nov 30. oft Coquille
River, lnbeavy SE gale; carried away main
boom. " ---
Per Br chip Eva Montgomery, from Lelth.
via Newcastle, Eng. Dec 9— Sailed June 10 and
was towed to South Shields to finish loading,
and nailed from South Shields July 9; had fine
weather to the equator, which we creased 45
days out In long 25 W; got the SE trades In
4 S and lest them In 25 W: had NNW to SSW
winds to C*d« Horn, which we passed on Oct
6; had fine weather off the cape; had SW
winds to 50 6; had light variable winds to lat
27 S. when we sot SE trades and lost the
trades In 3 S: crossed -the equator on Nov 8.
in leng 110 W; got the NE trades in 7 N and
lost the trades In 18 N; thence to port light
ENE winds and calms. '
LONDON. Dec & — Punta. Arena telegraphs:
Br stmr Cumbal went ashore in Smyth Chan
nel on Dec 4, with fere part reatlnc on rooks;
fere acd main hold full of water: engine-room
bulkhead leaks slightly : assistance sent; sal
vers acre* to settlement by arbitration. J
LONDON, Dec 9 — Br itmr Miowera, from
Vancouver, has been surveyed In drydock at
Eydney: three plates broken, six plates bent
and propeller damaged. * .I-* .•.«,• •••/..:
LONDON. Dee 9 — Br itmr Shrewsbury,
bound from Singapore for Hongkong. Is ashore
on Bombay Reef and will probably be a total
loss. ■ ■ ," ■ :'•:
Time BalL
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N.. Mer
rhants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal..
December 9. 1804. , ,7*1
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
buildlr.gr was dropped exactly at noon to-day
i. e., at noon of the 120th meridian or at 8
p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U. 8. N.. In charge.
Son, Moon and Tide.
I United States Coast and. Geodetic Survey —
' Time and Height of High and Low Water*
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent. »
1 NOTE — The high and low water* occur at
the city front (Mlzslon-rtreet wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
' of tide Is the same at both places. .
SATURDAY. DECEMBER 10.
Sun rises 7:14
Sun set* 4:51
Moon sets ~..'......' 8:30 p. zn.
O [Time! ITlme - Tlmel iTlmel
% ., Ft. Ft. -— A Ft. ) Ft.
y Ih.w! |l w h.w| |l w|
10 2:*0 4.8 7:021,3.1 1:05 6.2 7:57— 0.1
11 3:18 4.8 8:00 '3.1 1:56 4.6.8:42 0.2
12 4:06 4.9 0:10! 3.1 2:46 4.2 9:24 0.6
13 4:50 6.0 10:25 3.0 3:47 3.7 10:07 1.1
14 5:30] 6.0 11:371 2.8 5:00 3.3 10:56 1.6
15 I 6:12( 6.2112:351 2.4| 6:12 3.2 11:50 1.9
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides "of the
day In the order of occurrence a* to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are out three tide*. 'as
sometimes occur*. , The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Chart*, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the 'height. *nd then' the number
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1904.
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of thi lower low waters.
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. - From. Due.
Chehalls. ..:.. San Pedro Dee. 10
Tltanla ' Oysrer Harbor Dec. H»
Mackinaw j Tacoma Dec. 10
Homer Grays Harbor |Dec. 10
Coos Bay ! San Pedro & Way Pts.lDec. 10
Columbia [Portland & Astoria |Dec. 10
Vanguard.... j San Pedro IDec. 10
Czarina ...-Coos Bay jDec. 11
Alaskan I New York via S. Diego. Dec. 11
Del Norte (Crescent City (Dec. 11
Newburg I Grays Harbor Dec. 11
G. Llndauer.. Grays Harbor Dec. 11
Arctic Humboldt Dec. 11
M. Dollar San Pedro ...'. Dec. 12
Wyefleld Oyster Harbor Dec. 12
Chas. Nelson. San Pedro : Dec. 12
State of Cal... | San Diego & Way Pts. Dec. 12
Rainier Seattle & Belllngham.. Dec. 12
CJ. Dollar Grays Harbor ...<..*. Dec. 12
Ventura Sydney & Way Ports. Dec. 12
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports.... Dec. 12
Jeanie Seattle & Tacoma ....Dec. 12
Eureka Humboldt Dec. 12
Norwood j San Pedro Dec. 12
Northland Portland & Astoria IDec. 13
Nebraskan... I New York via S. DlegojDec. 13
Minnesota Norfolk via Coronel |Dec. 13
Menes Seattle !Dec. 13
Porno Point Arena tt Albion. |D»c. 13
North Fork... Humboldt Dec. 13
Corona Humboldt Dec. 13
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports Deo. 14
F. A. Ktlburn. Portland & Coos Bay. Des. 14
Breakwater... Coos Day [Dec. 15
Arcata Coos Bay ) Dec. 15
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Pts.lDec 15
Point Arena.. Mendoclno & Pt. Arena I Dec. 45
Argo.... Eel River Ports fDec.15
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria IDec. 15
S.Barbara Grays Harbor IDec. 15
City Peking.. New York via Ancon..|Dec. 10
Mongolia..... China k Japan Dec. 17
M.S. Dollar.. China ft Japan Dec. 17
Queen Puget Sound Ports. ... Dec. 17
Neko Hamburg Sc Way Pts.lDec 18
San Jose New York via Ancon.. Dec. 21
Aurelia Portland & Astoria. .^ . Dec. 21
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. I Fails. J Pier.
December 10. I |
Arcata. Coos Bay direct 110 am Pier 13
Elizabeth... Coqullle River |12 m Pier 20
Eequola.... Wlllapa Harbor ...|12 m Pier *_o
Cbehalls Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Breakwater. Coos Bay direct... 5 pm|Pier 8
Point Arena) Point' Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Argo Eel River Ports... 4 pm'Pier 2
Aurelia Astoria & Portland 4 pmlPler 27
Alameda... Honolulu 11 am Pier 7
City Sydney N. Y. via Ancon.. 12 m Pier 40
Vanguard... Humboldt Pier 27
December 11. I
Katlonl Cy. Los Angeles Ports. 12 m|Pler S
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
S. Rosa Ean Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
December 12. |
M. Dollar. . ''"Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 20
Samoa Los Angeles Ports. 9 am Pier 2
C. Nelson... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 20
San Fedro. . Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
Czarina Coos Bay direct... 5 pm Pier 8
Pomona.... Humboldt l:3OpPler'9
Norwood.." Seattle & Tacoma. 2 pm Pier 2
December 13.
Coos Bay. • • San Pedro & Way. . 9 am Pier 11
Columbia... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Gaelic China is. Japan.... 1 1 pm Pier 40
Nevadan..- Hono. & Kahului..] Pier 23
Homer Grays Harbor .1 Pier —
December 14. I
Eureka Humboldt 1 9 amIPier 13
Arctic Humboldt | 9 amjPler 2
December 16. | . |
Corona Humboldt l:30pPler 9
Btate of Cal Ean Diego & Way. 0 am Plrr 11
Pomo Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
O. Dollar... Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier lu
Newburg... Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
G. Llndauer Grays Harbor 4 pmJPler 10
December 16. | . f
Rainier Seattle & Bllnghm 4 pm Pier 10
Umatllla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier ' 9
Jeanie Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
December 17. | |
| Bonlta Newport' & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Menes Hamburg & Way.. 12 m Pier 1&
BanMateo.. Cent. Amer. Ports Pier
N. Fork.'. .. Humboldt ......... 9 am Pier 20
Siberia China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Newport N. Y. via Ancon. .12 m Pier 40 '
F. Kllburn.- Portland & Way Jpier -—
December 18. If -
O. W. Elder Astoria & PoYtlandlll am|Pier 24
December 21. | |
Queen Puget Sound- Ports. |11 amjPler 8
' FROM SBATTLE.~ ~i~Z~~f: ■:
- Steamer. . Destination. . I Sails.
Port 'and Cooks Inlet & Way Pts' Dec 10
Humboldt...'. Skagway & Way Ports.iDec. 13
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. Dec 14'
Alkl Skagway & Way Ports. Dec. 15
Santa Clara .. •) Seldovia & Way Ports. Dec. 1<$
British Steamship Wrecked.
The British steamship Menantlc, bound from
New York for Valparaiso. Is reported ashore
near Coronel. She will probably be a total
loss, but lt Is thought that her cargo may be
saved. The Menantlc is of 1934 tons net regis
ter. - She was built In 1883 at Sunderland and
belongs to the North Atlantic Steamship Com
pany of Bristol. . » ' «
PjTOsraphy Outfits
And all manner of wooden ■ things and
sheepskins to burn.. Hundreds of designs
not shown elsewhere., Artist 1 Material De
partment. ' Sanborn. vail & Co., 741 Mar
ket street. Open evenings. • •
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian. Padflo Tim*.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 9— 5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for the previous day:
Roston 2S-18|New York ......40-22
Chicago i*6-2S Philadelphia 44-80
Cincinnati 4S-36 Pittsburg .42-24
Honolulu. H. I..7«-C6 St. Louis 64-38
Jacksonville 64-50 Washington 4S-3O
JTew Orleans 66-54
SAN FRANCISCO 68-44
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last season and the rainfall In the last twenty
four hours:
l4ut : ~-'" : - This Laat'"-
Stations— '. - 2* h&nrs?* Reason. Season."
Eurek*. .-. -.28 ».33 " 14.21
Red Bluff .44 11.23 8.45
Sacramento 24 7.83 3.54
San Francisco 18 8.78 4.42
Fresno T.- 6.06 .68
Independence .00 .45 .42
San Luis Obisno .... T. 4.73 - .50
Los Angeles 00 1.48 .43,
San Diego .00 .23 .07'
THE COAST RECORD. '._
g S K O' •■ g 3
i 5 £a <* 3
3 He 33 4 Z g? ■ f
STATIONS.. | . |||| ||F |". I
: i a \ '■ : p
B a^r 30.04 38 30 NW Snow .02
Carson 30.04 54 14 SW Clear T
Eureka 30.22 6S 66 W Pt.Cldy 28
Fresno 30.20 68 SO NW Cloudy T.
SE. Farallon..30.30 58 62 NW Cloudy 22
30.10 60 1«J N Clear .00
Pocatello 30.02 46 22 E Cloudy [oo
Independence .30.16 48 26 SE Cloudy 00
Los Angeles.. .30. 12 66 44 W Cloudy 00
Mt. Tamalpais30.23 61 44 NW Pt.Cldy .00
North Head.. .2U. 04 54 46 W Ilaln 60
Phoenix 30.08 62 44 SE Clear 'to
Pt. Reyes Lt. .30.17 58 51 NW Oear ?A
Portland 30.00 48 40 S Cloudy 68
Red Bluff ....30.24 50 32 SE Clear .44
Roseburg .....30.14 54 44 6W Rain 68
Sacramento ..30.22 52 44 SE Clear 24
Salt Lake 30.12 WWW. Clear 00
Pan Francisco.30.24 68 44 SW Pt Cldy 18
S. L. Oblspo... 30.18 60 38 NW Pt.Cldy *T
San Diego ...30.08 66 60 NW Cloudy .00
Seattle ..20.86 64.42 E Pt.Cldy .37
Spokane 29.96 40 26 SW Cloudy 08
Tatocsh 29.74 52 44 S Cloudy 26
Walla Walla.. 20. 08 40 28 S Cloudy !20
Winnemucea .30.06 64 46 SW Cloudy T
Yuma 30.06 70 46 NS Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST."
A storm of some energy Is passing- eastward
over the northern States. Rain has fallen from
Point Conception northward. •
High southerly winds have occurred on the
northern coast.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. December 10:
.California, north of Tehixhapi— Cloudy Sat
urday, possibly light showers; n,ht southwest
wind. ■ . ■ * . . -
California, south. of T»hachapl— Cloudy Sat
urday; freeh southwest wind. 7
Nevada->Ltght' rain or snow Saturday
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Satur
day; .fresh southerly winds.
Los Angeles and vicinity — Cloudy Saturday
possibly light showers In the morning: fresh
southwest wind.-
Sacram-nto— Cloudy Saturday; fresh south
erly winds. , , - • ,.,>..
Fresno— Cloudy Saturday; fresh north wind*.
A. O. McADIE. District Forecaster.
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
UseftiLGift
High
Grade a^\
My line* of Oitlery are very choice, and
my price* are 'made relative; to; quality.
When youbuyV Knife or Razor of me you
may .rest assured that you have secured a
rood value for your money.; . , . ■ ., . ,
GILLETTE ■ SAFETY RAZOR require*
no honing-or ctropplnsr. Is convenient, dur-
able, and shavei delightfully. Price f5.OO.
STAR SAFETY RAZOR r abavea mnooth-
~ly and clean. Price. reduced from $2.00 to
,'$1.25. v.;
RAZORS— good one*— a*. low as «l.O0.
, TRY CONKL,IN*S SEU-FILXJNG PEN.
93.OO to »)5.tM>. . . ' • ;
Mall' Ordem ' Promptly . Filled.
THAT MAN PITTS
F. W." PITTS, The Stationer, . - ' '
1008 MARKET ST., OPP. FIFTHJ ■- 8. T.
VINEYARDISTS
TO FIGHT TRUST
Wine Growers of Lodi and
Vicinity Are Organizing an
Independent Association
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON. Dec. 9.— A large co-op
erative association of winegrowers,
backed by big capital, whose purpose
is to fight the "wine trust," is being
organized by the vlticulturists of Lodi
and Woodbridge. Thirty-three ' well
known winegrowers of that district re
cently held a meeting in Woodbridge
and decided to form a co-operative as
sociation and pool issues. A large
winery will be erected in the town of
Woodbridge. Already the site has been
secured. The following in all probabil
ity will be the trustees of the associa
tion for the first year: John C. Thomp
son, 1 C. Li Newton, Frank Parrott, F.
B. Mills, J. Brock Jr.. Alexie Chapde
lain and Amos Boyce.
-Growers representing 1050 acres of
wine grapes have already agreed to en
ter ' the association. Each subscribes
for one share of stock for each acre of
wine grapes he owns. The stockholders
bind themselves to sell all their grapes
to the association's winery for the next
seven years. The acreage represented
all lies, in- the vicinity of Woodbridge
and Acampo. j
The new company In all probability
will become a big factor in the wine
growing industry in San Joaquin Coun
ty. It will have a capital stock of $200.
000. All the stockholders are men of
means.
CHARGED WITH BURGLARY.— Charles
Jeffernan. a laborer, was booked at the City
Prison yesterday by Policeman J. F. Ryan on
two charges of burglary. He is accused of
entering the .rooms cf Joaepn Boland and Mrs.
J. W. OrewUer.ln-the Railroad Hotel. 24 Tif
fany aTenue, on December 5, and stealing a
quantity of Jewelry and other articles.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
' OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
STANDARD MARINE
INSURANCE COMPANY
(LIMITED)
OF LIVERPOOL. IN ENGLAND. ON THE
31st day of December. A. D. 1903. and
for the year ending en that day. as made to
the Insurance Commissioner of the State of
California pursuant to the provisions -of aec-
t'lons G10 'and 611 of the Political Code, con-
densed aa per blank furnlrtied by the Commls-
6l0ntr: CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash $500.000 00
ASSETS.
Ca«h Market Value of all Stock*
and Bond* owned by Company... $1,392,205 00
Caah In Banks 251,743 00
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 16,692 00
Premiums in due Course of Col-
lection 201.112 00
Bills receivable, not Matured,
taken for Fire and Marine
Risks 2.507 00
■ Total assets $1,864,264 00
. _ ' . „ ' LIABILITIES. ~
Losses Adjusted and unpaid ...... 1
Lostes In process of Adjustment
or In Suspense $132.400 00
Losses resisted, including- ex-
penses .". "• . . J
Gross premiums on Marine and
Inland Navigation Risk*; rein-
surance 100 per cent. . 139.740 00
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Rlaki; reinsurance 50 per cent.J
Due /and accrued for salaries,
rents, advertising and for other
miscellaneous expenses 128,473 00
Total liabilities $400.613 00
INCOME.
Net ,c**h actually received for
Marine premiums $549,776 00
Received for Interest and divi-
dends on Bonds. Stocks, Loan*,
and from all other sources 47,963 00
'"Total Income $597,739 00
EXPENDITURES. :
Net amount paid for Marine
Loo«ea $477,377 00
Dividends to Stockholder* 87,500 00
Paid fcr Salaries, Fees, and other :
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 44,197 11
Paid for State. National and Lo-
cal taxes 6.426 89
•Total expenditure* ..'. $814,501 00
:':*;£■.- Marine. ~ '
Losses Incurred during the year... $470,502 00
Risks and Premiums. |Marine Risk*. | Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year | $67,834,923 $557,002 00
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 65,057.263 559.362 00
Net amount in force |
December 31. loqa..] 11.246.200 139.740 00
JOHN. WILLIAMSON. President.
JOHN GICK. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn before me, this 23d
day of February, 1904.
W. J. SULIS.
Deputy Consul of U. S. at Liverpool.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Gen Agts.
J. B. F. DAVIS & SON, Managers.
215 Sansome St, San Francisco
Telephone Private Exch. No." 68. '
Seattle (Waak.) Office. Coleman Building.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
AKSBXCAK ZXXtli. — * . * :j\
Plymouth — Cherbourg — Southampton.
New York Dec. 17|St. Louis. Dec. 31
St. Paul Dec. 241 Philadelphia- ..Jan.- 7
ATX.A2TTXO TRANSPORT UXTB.
• Hew York — London Direct.
Manltou.Dec.17, 10 amlMlnnetonka.Dec.31.1 p
Menomlnee.Dec.24,10 a'Mesaba. .Jan. 7. 10 am
BED STAB T.nSTB.
Hew Tort — Antwerp — tondon — Paris.
Calling at Dover for London and Part*. .
Zeeland Dec. 17|Vaderland Dec 31
Kroonland ...... Dec. 241 Zeeland Jan. 14
WHITE STAB UNS,
Hew Torfc-Qwenitowa — Liverpool.
Majestic. Dec.21, 10 am Cedrlc.Jan. 4 4:30 ant
Baltic. Deo. 28. .10 amiTeutonlc.Jan. 11, 10 a
■■- Boston— Queen«towB— Liverpool.
Cymric... Dec 21/Wlnlfredlan.....Jan. 4
HEW TOEK AND BOSTON DEBEOT
To the Mediterranean,
Via Azores. Gibraltar. Naples. Genoa,
' - Alexandria.*
-' ! FROM NEW YORK. "
REPUBLIC Jan. 14. Feb. 23
CRETIC... .....:...Feb. 4, March IS
• • . FROM BOSTON. "
CANOPIC .Jan. T. Feb 18
ROMANIC... '...'... V..... '..Jan. 28. March U
C. D. TAYLOR, Passenger Arent Pacific Coast
. 1 21 Post st, San FrancUco.
6. 8. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Dee.10. 11 am.
8 8.' VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday, Dec. 22. 2 p. m.
8 8. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Dec 31. 11 a.' in.
J.D. SPBECIELS & BROS. CO., A2tl,TiCaBtOIlI(36i3*ir-
let. vrnttWQfflB 327 MartH st, Pier 7,'Pacli! it.
.: COMFAQNIE 6E5EH1LS TKAHSATLAirriQ9i.
DIRECT :iASiy, TO -HAVRE-PARIS. -
6*illng every Thursday Instead of -<dfrM*i
• Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier
42, North River, foot of Morton *t.
" First claas to Havre. $70 and upward. Seo-
ond class to Havre. |45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FORUNITKD STATES AND
I CANADA,"- 33 Broadway (Hudson - butldln*).
Hew York. J. T. FUGAZI & CO.. Pactflo CoSt
. Asents.. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets aold by all Railroad Ticket A cent*.
_• . ... RAILWAY TRAVEL, j
WM&T1& daily excursions in Pullman tourist &l^
Mis sleeping cars without change from L° s W®l
Bg Angeles, Santa Barbara, Monterey, SanWft
SB Francisco, Bakersfield, Fresno, Lathrop, f|||
Iff Stockton, Sacramento and other California 1|
IB points via the Southern Pacific, Union Pacific B|
■land Chicago & North - Western -Railways II
the East. Fast trains. Excellent Mm
%Jk service. Dining car service a la carte.^^
Choiceof routes. Lowround-trip va -^ s -Mff
Double berth to Chicago only $7.00.^^^^
A*k So^tifra P»dia tick»t 1^:1:3 Sir fill iaSincitidn. /i^%v<^,^p^W
y^S^^^j^^S R. R. RITCHIE. General Agent Pacific Coast. /^Td^yA^&p
|ChlCAGO T fN 3 DAYsi
I LEAVES DAILY AT9:3O A M.9
Ea W ITH OlfS Epji _ AMO Qt-EEPERS ra
' Other Santa Pe Trains t
il^J^JFor Stockton. Fresno. BakersOeld.
Ii0O p.m.i Merced. Hanford and VUalia.
4:C0 p. m. For 8tockton.
8:00 p.m. For Kan*as City. Craai Caayoa
and Chicago.
Ticket Office*—^41 Market *t. and Ferry Depot.
Ean Francisco: also 1112 Broadway, Oak.
land. Cal. ; also 27 South 1st. San Jo*e.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
Tihcurcn rerry. root of Slaxkat Street.
BAH FAANCXSCO TO SAET BAPAXI..
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 8:00. 11:00 a. m.; 13:33.
8:30. 5:10. 0:30 p. m. Tbursdar*— Extra U19-
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. ra.
SU^•DAYS^— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 8:30.
S:0O. 6:20. 11:30 p. m. "
SAW BAIAtL TO SAK FBAS CISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:(». 7:33. 7:30. »:20. U;U
a. m.-. 12:30. 3:40. 3:00. 5:2O p. m.
Saturday*— Extra trip at 3:03 aad 6:35 p. ta.
SUNDAYS— a:«X>. 9:10. 11:13 a. m.; V.W. S.UK
4:05, 6:05. C:2S p. m.
Leave I la Effect J Arrin
Ean Fran. I Oct. 2. 1004. f Ban Fraa.
Weekt Sun- I DesUna- I Sun- I Week
Days. I day*. I . tlon. | day, f P»y».
7:30 a 8:00 a 9:10 a) 8:40 a
»:30a Imacla 10:40 a 10:20 a
S:30p 3:30 p «:top!6:20:>
6:10 p 3:00 P , •' " 7:33 pj
t-SOa O-.lOal 3:40 a
8:00 a . NoTato. 10:40 a 10:20*
8:30 p 9:30* Petalum* «:05p fl:20 p
6:10 p 3:30 p and • T^lp
6:00 p( Santa, Roam. . - * ' \
"t^O* —-^~~ UO:4'>alO:20a
S:0Oa Fttltoo: f?^3p «:20p
1:30 p 3:30 p I
Wlnd*or. '
1:30* 8:00* Bealdaburr. • 19:40 a 10^0 a
Lytton,
t:30p 3:30 p Geys«rvlU*. 7:3*p 0:20 p
. " Clovrrdale. f '
7:30a|8:00a| Bopland 110:40 C.110-.20 *>
8:30 p| 3:30 p| and Cklah. . \ 7:33 p| g:20p
' j j WUllta and j 1
'7:30 a) 8:00 a( Sherwood. | 7:33 pf C:20 p
7:30*1 8:00*1 110:40 a, 10 :i0)<\
8:30 p| 3:30 p| Onernevllle. | 7:33 pi *:2Up
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma. I 9:10 a! 8:40 a
6:10 p^5:00p| Olen Ellen. | 8:05 p{ 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:u0a| 110:40 aJ10:20 »
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Sebastopol. I 7:33 pj 8^0 p
STAGES connect , at Green Bra* for San
'. Quentln: at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs and Mark West Spring* ; at Lyttaa for
Lytton Sprinx*: at Geyserrille for Skaes*
Springs: at Cloverdal* for the Geyser*. Boon*,
ville and Greenwood: at Hopland for Dunc&a
gprings HiKhland Spring*. Kelseyville, Carl*.
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport, Bartlstt
Bprlng* and Lake County Hot Spring*; at
Ukiah for Vichy Sprtn?*. Saratoga Springs,
Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter Springs.
Ucper Lake. Pomo, Potter Valley. John Day*.
River»lde. Llerly**. Bucknell's. Sanhedrla
Heights, Hullvllle. Orr** Hot Springs. Halfway
' House Comptche. Hopkins, Mendoclno City.
Fort Bragg, Westport acd Uealr *t WHIits for
Vort Bragg, Hearst and Sawyers; at Sherwocd
for Cahto, Covelo. Laytonvllle, Cummins*.
Btll's Springs, Harris. Hubbard. Fraltland.
Dyer. Garfcervllle. Camp 8, Pepper wood. Scotia
and Eureka. '
Saturday to Monday round-trip ticket* at re-
duced rate*. . - »^_. -- ■ .
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. C30 Market street. Chronic!*
bulldllBs^ jtrazjeh r. x. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Lt. Saa ?naei*M -j^Fm-^ Ir. Sia tnzdsc*
trk.D»Tt Saadayt Sindiji Tt. Dtji
» 8:25a faE?SS$sSgf l:3Op »1O:5Oa
9:50a 9:5Oa W2PSSX3(» 2:55r 3:55r
l";4*g*i»" l':45p 6:32p ~*~<b:£'ir
SaardtT* 4:35p S«tard»T» l^:12p
»Tta GraTltj C*> Y KVTamtlyiUteaiaTtn^
tKIIt } 650 Markkt Sr.,(North Shore Railroad^
UriCB j aad Sauiauto Ferhy, Foot Market St.
OCEAN TKA\TEX.
Steamers lea>T« Broadway
v^VfjS-SCfiv wharves (piers 9 and 11),
fj&r Ban Franclaco:
MvWittV* 1 ! For Ketchlkan, Wrangel.
I / \TT*W! I I Juneau, Treadwell. Halnen,
' 1 I \«S^k f I Skaguar. etc. Alaska — 11
\J\ Vi^^Ja/ a. m.. Dec 1. 6. 11. 16. 21.
V5^v\» j/£t/ 28 » 3l « J an.- 3. Chance to
Xfi^rswfy' this company** *teamer* at
Seattle. ;
For, Victoria, Vancourer, Port Townsend.
Seattle, Tacoma. Everett. South Belllngnam.
Belllngham— 11 a. m. Dec. 1. 6, 11. 18. 21. 28.
81 Jan. 5. Change at Seattle to this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and O. N. Ry.; at
Seattle or. Tacoma to N. P» Ry.; at Vancouver
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona, 1:30
p m.. Dec 12. 18, 24, 30. Jan; 8. Corona.
1:30 p. m., Dec. 3, 0, 15, 21, 27, Jan. 2.
- For Los Angeles (Tla Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara— San-
ta Rosa, Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 0 a. m.
■ Fcr Los Annie* (via San Pedro and East
Ban Pedro), Santa Barbara, Santa Cms, Mon-
terey, Pan Simeon. Caruoo*. Port Harford iSaa
Luis Oblspo), Ventura and Hueneme. *
Bonlta, l> a. m., Dec 1. 9, 17. 2tt, Jan. 2.
Coo* Bay. 0 a. m.. Dec. 5. 13. 21. 29, Jan. 8.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. ■ Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro-
salia, Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., 7th each mo.
For further Information obtain folder. Right
Is reserved to charge steamers or Killing date*.
TICKET OFFICES — ( New Montgom+
cry st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market st..and Broad-
way wharves. SVreijrlit Office 10 Market at.
C. D. ' DUN ANN. General Pacsenger Agent.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co., . 20 Sutter *t.. will
call for and check baggaxe - from hotels aad
residence*. Telephone Exchar.ee 312.
For TT. 8. Havy Yard and VaUeJo.
Etrs. General Frlsbie. Montlcello and Arrow
• :46 a.m.. 12:30p.m.. 3:15 p-m., 8 p.m.. S:30 9.
m." Leave San- Francisco Sundays 9:43 a.m..
13:30 p.m.. A p.m..' 8:30 p.m. Leava Vallejo, 7
a.m., 9 a.m.. 12:30 p.m., 3:15 p.m., 8 p.m. San-
day*. 7 a.m.. 9 a.m.. 3:20 p.m.. 8 p.m. Pier 2.
ft Mission St.: phone Mala 1503. HATCH BROS.
For V. S. Navy Taxd and . Vallejo. )
Stmr. H. • J. CORCORAN leave* north end
Ferry bldr.. foot of Clay at.. 10 a. m., 6:30
p. m. : Sundays, 10 a. m.. 8 p. m. Lear*
Vallejo. Aden's wharf. 7:13 a. m.. 2:30 p.
' m. ;- Sunday*. 7:13 a. m., 3 p. m. Pare 23o
■ each way. - PIPER, ADEN. GOOD ALL CO.
y''*5f~r i J~ > 'N. Trmlti !••▼• ■•<! ar* <t««
/O^<Trr>i^Nk tn»rrl«i«ot
jS^^^z\ 8AN FRANC13CO.
I v\'~^^r~7/!/ /»o* OtrroBia II 1304.
\J£s (Toot cf Market Street »
i..*t, _ MAIN LtTJE. -a»«ttV
7 COa oacavttle. rtnui-r-. lium««; / 01J*
7 OP a Rrnic.lv Elmlrm«ml 8itcr»in<>oto.. 7.20'
7.30a VaMejo. Nap*. CklUrosa. Salt*
ICom. MmIIuMi San l;*m»u. .... 6.25*
7 30a Miles, Tracy. Lmarop. S'.ocKron.... 7.23*
8 OCA »b*JM Kiprr»« - (Vii Davit).
WtiiKm». Willows, iKntn. Ue4
Bla!C rortlantl. Taeotua, Seattle 7.50*
8 CC* Dtrlt. Woodland. Knfght* Lmndlac
M»rvtTllle.Oro*tlle 7-53*»
8-30a M«rtlaez. Antliich. Hyron, Tracy.
Sto«^to-v. N'wmaa. Los Danoa.
Mend^-ta. ' Armor.*, llaaford.
▼ltaltfc. 5ort«rvllle 4.?3»
I 30* Tort Conn. Uodeato. Merced. »..; .
Fretao. (icsu.'n Junction. K»a-
ford. V!»*lla. n.a!t5r».1eld 4.5O
1-30* M>«. San Jo«e. I.lvcnnore. S:oc*-
ton. (*Mt:toa). i*r.*. SacntmentOk
MarysTllIe. Calco. lied Bluff .... 4 23»
8J3AO*sdale. Chia««e, J*meit4>«n. S*
nora. Tnoluniii* aad ,Vnge!« . 4.20a
9 HO a Atlantic I'.x j.r»««-C'f den and Baat. 6 20»
8-30A Richmond. Martlnei and !V*y
Station* tBO* 1
1040a The Overland Limited — ocdon.
Oman*. Chlengo, Denver. Eaaaaa
Ctty. Si-Loul* _ 8.23»
104»A Vallejo.... 12^0»»
IOJJOa Lo* . ABFMe* Pajaenser — Port
Cost*. Martinez. Byron. Tracy.
Lathrop. Stockton. Merced.
Raymond. Freano. Gothen Juno-
tlon. Hanford. Lemoorn, Vlaalla.
BakertaeM. Los Anarelea 7.20«
12.00m Hay ward. Nile* and Way Station*. 3 20*
tl 00p SAcramento River Sceaoiera f :1.Q0<»
3-30P B«nlcla. Winter*. 8acr»3i>-ntOv
TVcMxlUril. lvntght» iJinJln*.
Maryivllla. OrorUl* and way
station* 10.50*
SJ5CP Harwani. K"<!S aod Way Station*.. 7.%0*>
I 30p Port Costa. M tr::r.<»z. Bvr.u.Trai-y.
Lsthrop, Stockton, Modesto,
Merced, Berenda. Trcsuo and
Way Stations b*yot>d I'ort, Cosm 12-20*>
4 OCp Vfarttnes.San K*mon.\ allejo.Nap*.
Callitoc*. Sant«Ro»a 920*
400p iTtlea. Tracv. Stockton 10.20*
4Mp Hay ward. Si!ps. lrrla«toa. Saa I t3 60 a
Joar.,Ltv*rmore | Jl 1.50*
• •OCpTdo Owl Limited — N'evmta. Lo*
Bano*. Meodo:*. Freino. Tular*.
B*ker*aeld.Lo*Ansele* _ 8.50*
IS 10 P Ray ward. KCesauU stujou 7.20*
8XQP Uayward. KUes and SanJoae S -i0*
tXOP Eaitern Expr«» — Omaha. Ch'cazo.
Dfcnver. (Cantaa City. tit. Loula.
Martisoz. Stockton. Sacrammux
Coif ax. Reao. apart*. M oiieilo.
..» O»dea -.2B0>
■.00p Vallejo. dally, except Sunday .... ( 7 e n _
7X0P Vallejo. Sunday only ( '-™
74JCP Klrhmond. 5an Pablo. Port Coat*.
Martinet and Wtj Station* 1120*
7-COp Beno Faaseoger — Fort Costa, Be-
nlcl*. 6u!*an, Elalr*. Dtxoa,
Davis. Sacrament", Sparks. Toao
psh. Keeier and Way Station*... 7.50*
• OSp Orecon * California Expreia— Sae-
ramento. Maryavllle. Reildinc
. Portland. Puctt Sound and East. 8-50*
t.lOP Haywanl. -Nile* and Saa Jote(9aar
dayonly) II.6O4
COAST LINE (M*rr»w «»»«*).
(Foot uf M»r!tet Street.)*
8-16A Newark. CentervUle. 6*n Joae.
Felton. Boalder Creek, Santa
Cms and W*y litaUon* „ 5 53»
t215p Newark. Cent«rvllle. Saa Jose,
New AlmaUen. Lo* Gno<.Fe: ton,
Bonlder Creek. Sania Cras and
Principal Way Station* tlO "»5»
4.15a. Newark. Saa Joae. Lo* G*to*...| : ]§;||*
«8-3Cp nnnters' Tr*la (Satarday *nly>-
S*n Joie and Wny Station* !7 25»
COAST LINE <Uroa4 i.anze).
tVdntril nail imrnsenU Streets.)
8.10a Ban JoseauJ Way Sutlociu 8 30»
7 00a San Jote and \f»y ntaitons 5 40»
• COa New Almaden (Tuer. Frld.. only). 4.10-*
• COa Tho Ceaiter— San Joae. 8a Una*.
Baa Ardo, Paao Itoblea. 8anta>
Margarita. San Lala Oblopo.
Gs*da!npe. GaTlnt*. Santa r.tr-
bar*. Ran Buenaventura, JIoq.
Ulvo. Oxnard. U urban k. Lo*
Angeiet 10.30*
8C0AG!!roy. I'olllster. Caurovllle. Del
Monte. Paclac Grove. Surf, Loia*
poo 10-30i»
8. COa S«d Jote. Tr*a Ptnot.Watsonvl^e.
Capitol*. Santa Cm*. 1'aclOa
Grove. Saltnaa. Baa Lala UbUpo
•ad Prlaclpa. Wav Station*. ._ 4-19»
IOZOa San Jote aad Way Station* 1.20?
II ICa baa Joae and Way Stattuas 7.30?
2-15P Saa Jote and TV ay Stat.ons 8-3&*
fXtPDel Monte Kxpret*— ban ta Clara,
San Jote, Watsonvtiie. Santa
Cruz, ivi Monte. Moaterey,
raclfleOruvo 12.15*
13-OOp Lo* Catoa. Wr'.zhu Boalder Creek.
Santa Cruz, via Santa Clara aad
Narrow O*njre t10-45jt
I -SCp Valencia St.. SkuUs San Francltco, -
Barltacatne, San Joae. CUroy.
Hollltter. Trea Pino*... 1043*
430p Pan Joae and Way Station* T8.C0*
■JfiXOPSanu Clar*, dan Joae. L01 Oatot.
•n<i principal Wajr Station* (ex-
cept Sonday) »3 COa
|6 JOp banJoteanarrlnclr>alWaySUUona 13.40a
64Sp Banaet Expreaa.— Uedwood. Saa
Joae.G.Uroy.SaHnaa.r'aaoUoblea.
Baa La!t Ubltpo. Santa Barbara.
Lea Anielea, l>em!ng. Kl Paaa
et.Lou!». NewOrletm, NewTork 8.13*
B.45prajaro. Wataonvllle, Capitol*,
o*nt* Cras, Caatrovill*. Del
Monte. Pacific Grove 10.30*
18*18* *•■ Mateo.Beretford.lJelTnont.Saa
Carle*. Kedwood. Fair Oaka.
MtnloPark. Palo Alto tS.'S*
S'SSpSin Jot* and Way Station*. 6.33 a
i.OQpP*lo Alto and "Way Sutlont. ...... 10-15*
11 .30p 8outn San Jrnctsco. MUlbra*. Uar-
llngtme. bin ilnteo. Belmonfc
Can Carlo*. Bedwuod. Fair O*ks.
aleslo Park, aad P*lo Alto *3 45»
•IIJOp M»jCcH. Moanum View. Suaar-
- v*le, Lawrence, Saata Clara aad
ganJoae t»4».*»
- A for Mornl&at. P for Attcrnooav "~*
1 •nndtf *xc*pted. X gnaday only
* *> Batarda? only. - * Monday only.
(blOM at all •rations e> Soalar^' .
H To SAN RAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO; Etc
Via Sansalito Texxy
SUBURBAN SEBVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San FrancUco, daily, at tf.08.
7-15 8-23 8:10. W:5O. U:0O a. m.; 12U». UiO.
3^15. 4 S. ft: 13. »:«>. *-30. 7:15. 10.13 aad
"A^rrt^e"*!! San Francisco. , dally, it «:H
7-35 815 8:50. 9:S5. 10:M) a. m.; 12:10. 1:30;
2 : H 4:25. 5:03. 5:42, «^2. «:57, 7:40 aa4
11-U5 p. xa. SS^Sl
tDaily except Sunday.
ForFalrfax. daily, at T:45 a. m.: also Sat-
urday* at 3:15 p. m.. and daUy except Satar-
day and Sunday at 5:15 p. zn.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. dally — Cazadero and way station*.
3-15 p. m., Saturday* enly— For CaaaJero,
etc
• 5:15 pw m. dai:y. except Satnrday aad Sua-
day for Tonialea, etc.
TICKET OFFICE— «30 Market rt.
FBRRT— Union Dftaot. foot of Market t.
>^^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
-8gC>^IL|,i ix.14 for the treatnu-nt of I*r!vat»
Jh j V ,«Sf Dli«-»<i«;*. I»-<t .Manriood. DebllS'.T or
PMSSZhTaSMiU'-as* n-cartnif on bw>dyan<l mind an.l
JB^EjSSHIsitin Ut>^n**s. The DfKtorcnrn when
fall. Try him. 1'baizr* low.
!^yBaKSi«T»» taaranUfd. Ca:i or write.
] p r< j. r. tllBBO.V. Baa Fra>vd»co. Cat '
WEEKLY CAiL, §1.00 FEB YTSATW
78
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHX D. SPRECKELS Proprietor
ADDRESS ALL COMMUNICATIONS TO -V!
JOHN' McXACGSIT Manager
PUBLICATION OFFICE THIRD AND MARKET STRET5TS. PAN FRANCISCO
SATURDAY \ DECEMBER 10, 1904
A MINING MEMORIAL.
THE determination of the California Miners' Association to me
morialize President Roosevelt upon the much vexed question of
hydraulic mining and the misdeeds of which it has been accused
is one to which no exception can possibly be taken. The miners un
questionably feel that they have a. real and a legitimate grievance.
There is no reason whatever to doubt that an enormous amount of
gold exists in the river channels of California and that this wealth
cannot be profitably Avorked by any other than the hydraulic process.
They have, however, been restrained from this method of ex
traction upon the double ground of consequent injury to agricul
tural land and also to the navigable waters of the State. It is of
course of the highest importance that neither agriculture nor naviga
tion should be menaced, and if hydraulic mining is shown to be tn
compatible with the safety of these vital interests the miners them
selves could hardly protest against the injunctions laid upon them.
That is, however, the precise point which has been raised. The
mining convention admits that unrestrained debris is injurious and
this of course admits of no dispute. They contend, however, that
the hydraulic process has been made responsible, not only for its
own sins, but also Tor natural erosion and sedimentation, and that
these factors would still persist to the detriment of agriculture and
navigation whatever be the fate of hydraulic mining. The problem
is a scientific one. and inasmuch as it can be solved only by trained
geologists the miners' convention has petitioned the President to
invite the attention of the director of the Geological Survey to a
special consideration of those portions of the valleys which are in
juriously affected by detritus. It will then be possible to rightly
apportion the responsibility between the hydraulic mining upon the
one hand and the natural progress of erosion and sedimentation upon
the other.
In addition to" this determination of the actual causes of the
injuries complained of by the farmers the President is also asked
to secure expert opinion as to a suitable disposition of the detritus
from torrential streams with a view to its utilization for the redemp
tion of waste lands. The memorialists believe that mining debris
could thus be made to serve a useful purpose, and that so .far from
being detrimental to agriculture it could be made to subserve, not
only the farming interests, but also those of forestry. -By the same
means the water courses would be kept clear for purposes of navi
gation. This would of course be the ideal solution, and one which
we heartily hope will eventually be found.
If the President should accede to these requests and if, as a
result, it should be possible to relax the injunctions against hydraulic
mining, there will certainly be a very general gratification. Gold
mining is the senior and the pioneer industry of the State, and its
restrictive regulation was only undertaken under the most urgent
necessity and for the absolute preservation of agriculture and of
navigation. The capital involved, and now standing idle, is a very
large one, amounting to no less than $100,000,000, and if a modus
vivendi can be found which will allow the mines to resume profitable
work without prejudice to other industries it will be to the advantage
of the State and of the country. In thus appealing to the President
to adjust the differences between great interests, and to do it with
as little loss of time as possible, the convention has probably tak«n
the most judicious step toward the final solution of an important
SUNDAY CALL MAGAZINE.
a FTER a long period of obscurity "Chimmie Fadden" has at
ZA last been brought to the light again, and once more Edward
r V.r- W. Townsend's typical offshoot of the Bowery will deliver
himself of his inimitable witticisms and recite, in his own droll way,
some of the many thrilling episodes in which he figures. In the
Sunday Call to-morrow will appear the first installment in a new
"Chimmie Fadden" series. By way of introducing himself again to
his many friends Chimmie, in company with a Japanese "p a^»" whom
he has taught to box, go together to a meeting of Russian anarchists.
It takes but a very short time for the inbred antipathy of the Jap
for the Russians, coupled with the ingenuousness of Chimmie, to
start a truly inspiring "rough house." The series will be continued
for several months.
"Double Harness,*' Anthony Hope's latest novel, which began in
the Sunday Call on November 20, runs through its fourth installment.
This novel, which is longer than usual, will be completed shortly, and
then there will begin "The Brethren," by H. Rider Haggard. This is
the very latest work of the famous romanticist, and represents him
at the very maturity of his virile, romantic imagination. The scene is
laid during the Crusades. In this story Mr. Haggard has relin
quished the reins of sensationalism and devoted his talents to legiti
mate romance, in which he has stamped himself as a master. The
hosts of admirers of the author of "She," "King Solomon's Mines"
and a score of other novels equally popular will welcome the ad
vent of a new book by this world famous author.
"Kentuck Randall's Estate" -is the title of a clever story of early
California mining camp life, written by Frank Corwin Radcliffe, which
wins the S50 cash prize for the fourth week of the fiction contest.
Other features of interest embrace a page by Opie Read "On Law
yers." the regular installment of the Lim Jucklin series ; "On and Off
the Bread Wagon" by Charles Dryden ; a page on the books of the
season by Robert W. Ritchie, literary critic; a page by Madge
Moore, "Are Bridal Veils on the -Wane?" and a full page picture
of the floor arrangement of the House of Representatives at Wash
ington, with the photograph of each member at his proper desk,
In addition there is, as usual, the puzzle page for the children.
A PRESENT FROM CALIFORNIA.
THE approach of Christmas and the consequent interchange of
presents gives to Californians an opportunity to enhance the
interests of their State, of which they should hasten to avail
themselves. There are very few families without relativesvor friends
in the East or elsewhere throughout the Union, and what gift could
be more acceptable than some article distinctively Californian in
production or manufacture?
Humap nature is carelessly prone to underrate the things with
which it is most familiar, and it is certain that we do not sufficiently
realize the interest which is almost universally evoked by objects
whieji are peculiarly representative of California, whether they relate
to her s fascinating history, to her products, or to the industry of her
people. To civilization at large California is the home of romance
as well as the garden of the 'world, and in selecting a Christmas of
fering which is essentially Californian we shall not only immensely
enhance the pleasure which the gift will cause, but also repay to
the State some of the debt for health, happiness and prosperity which
we indubitably owe to her.
Individual Californians have the power to promote the inter
ests of the State to a much greater extent than |hey us'ually sup
pose. Here is one of the ways in which that power can be exercised.
THE PRESS OF THE NATION.
"Boss" Butler admits that only one Democratic Mayor of St Louis
has been honestly elected since the Civil War. Certain little transactions
brought to light by Mr. Folk tend to confirm Butler's testimony. — New York
World.
lt Is impossible for the man who is really in love to be an ideal lover
Sincerity is frequently awkward in its expression, while deception may be
high art. — Duluth News-Tribune.
Adam may not have been a black man. as some scientists claim, but it
is certain that he didn't vote under the grandfather clause. — New York Mall.
The man who robbed the circus wagon probably thought that "turn about
Is fair play." — Baltimore Sun. -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1904.
HANDSOME YOUNGSTER WHO IS IN
DEMAND AT ENGLISH WEDDINGS
THE IIOX. MAYXARD GREY'ILLE.
CITTLE Maynard Greville, the youngest son of the Earl and Count
ess of Warwick, says the London correspondent of The Call, has
probably taken part In more weddings than any other boy living.
He Is such a handsome youngster that for the last few years his
services as a page at fashionable London marriages have been in
almost constant demand, and it * wouldn't be surprising if he could
recite most of the service by heart. Maynard is now nearly seven and
getting almost too big for the position of page-in-ordlnary to society,
which will probably be filled when Maynard "retires" by little Lord
Ufllngton, the son of the American Countess of Craven.
EDUCATIONAL ADVANTAGES
There was a man who had two boys.
The older one was tall and slim,
Who studied hard dnd hated noise,
Just books and work delighted him.
The other was a husky lad
Who looked on study with disdain;
Greek prose and physics made him sad.
He ran much more to brawn than
brain.
Now these two youths to college went,
The elder labored like a horse;
His time was all to study lent,
' He gladly took each extra course,
For learning he became renowned,
The leader^ef his class was he.
And when 'commencement day rolled
'round ~
He spoke the valedictory.
A different course the younger took.
Horatian odes he did not deem
Worth while. He seldom conned a book —
Instead he made the football team.
In classroom work he did not shine, ?
His blunders made professors rage,
But his great deeds behind the line
Filled up the Sunday sporting page.
Now twenty years have passed away.
The learned man is teaching school;
He draws three dollars every day
And labors hard with many a fool.
While he whom rooters loved to cheer
Went through the line he used to bust,
Gets forty thousand every year
For managing a vicious trust.
— Cincinnati Commercial-Tribune.
Black Fridays.
The American Black Friday was Sep
tember 24, 1869, when Jay Gould and
James Fiske Jr. attempted to create a
corner In the gold market. The whole
country was in a ferment for several
days, but the day was saved by the
report that Secretary Boutwell had
thrown $4,000,000 on the market. The
English , Black Fridays are two — one
the Friday on which the news reached
London that the young pretender,
Charles Edward, had arrived at Derby;
the second. May 11, 1866, when the fail-
THE SACRILEGE OE NITA
LL "Little Italy" was in a fer-
ment of .excitement. From
(J tenement to 'tenement ran the
w^\ fire of loud comment, chatter-
I ing voices, accompanied by the
/ animated gesticulation which
is part and parcel of the Latin's
language. " Fathers could ' be seen
shaving, washing and even dress
ing s through open - doors or on the
doorsteps or the. fire escape - balconies,
those summer homes of the slums.
Mothers were busy with refractory
children to whom unwonted scrubbings
and clean clothes were a novelty not
altogether pleasant, but to be endured
because of the great event that was
to follow, and for which all this fuss
was preparatory.
It was a great day. At last, in this
new country beyond the seas from sun
ny Italy, had been granted a great
hdnor by the Holy Father, Pope
Plus— no less than the coronation in -a
public park of the famous statue of
"Our Lady of Mt. Carmel," with all the
pomp and ceremonial, the procession of
priests and prelates, so dear to the
Italian heart.
"Nita! Nital Make haste!" called a
BhriTl voice in strenuous Italian up a
flight of rickety stairs while the moth
er's fingers flew in and out of the half
braided strands of her own oily black
hair, "High mass begins at 11 and it is
now the half hour after 10. Father
Dolan will be ill-pleased to see us enter
late on this day of all days. Make haste
with those tangled curls and ribbons of
yours — your father has already gone
with the little Pietro."
.A girlish figure in a half-soiled wrap
per, her riotous brown tresses stilt-un
touched by brush or comb; appeared at
the top of the stairway. Her big black
eyes were suspiciously red of lid and
heavy, as though burdened with sleep,
yet held in wakef ulness by the ;. rest
less fire beneath.
"I don't want to go, madre mia,"
she said pleadingly, yet with an in-"
stinctive bracing of. herself for opposi
tion. It came with the rapidity of „ a
catapult ball. V . , . .
. ".What!" shrieked her mother. ,vip>
ure of Overend, Gurney & Co./ London,
the day before, was followed by wide
spread financial ruin.
THE SUNNY SIDE OF LIFE
IIIS PROFESSION.
Knlcker— I lent him a book several
weeks ago. I wonder why he doesn't
send It back. '
Bocker — You mustn't expect him to
return It. He's a bookkeeper.
lently, turning to glower up at her.
"Not going to the festa of La Madonna
del Carmine! Not going to see the two
wonderful crowns, one for Our Blessed
Lady and the other for the Infant Jesu
—set with the many Jewels! The child
is mad! Think of it— there are many
diamonds— twenty-one of them given
by His Holiness the Pope himself, as
well as a huge emerald— and sapphires
like the skies of our own dear land —
and pearls, all worth many "thousand
lire! And the people — over fifty thou
sand! Get yourself dressed this. In
stant, foolish one, for go, you shall,
and at once!" -;'fs
The torrent of tropical objurgation di
rected with .such overwhelming force
up the stairway, overbore Nita's op
position and she reluctantly turned into
the tiny dark room behind her to get
ready.
"But I will not kneel to the Ma
donna del Carmine," she resolved ob*
stinately In her turbulent little soul,
where rankled a very wicked, black
thought, as she donned her best dress
and scarlet kerchief and hastily twist
ed up her curls. "Did I not give to
be fastened upon her robe my beauti
ful coral pin, in token of my thanks
giving that Tonio loved me? And
now she has let the wicked Giulietta
beguile him away— Giulietta, who al
ready has a husband somewhere else
—and my heart is full of murder!
How can I bear to see him with her
to-day?" . - .
"There- was a hard V lump in her
throat as she Joined her mother, whose
toilet had been completed on the side
walk in front of>the door. They; hur
ried toward the crowded church. They
could scarcely edge their way through
the door. Nita's . Jealous eyes, as she
genuflected before " squeezing : into a
crowded seat, caught a glimpse of her
fickle 'lover across the sea : of bowed
heads— and also intercepted a coquet
tish smile from her hated rival In, the
pew Just - in front of him. The . sore
heart of the girl quivered as though a
knife had been, struck into it
"I will not pray!": she said to her-
Belf and sat bolt upright, to her
mother's scandalized disapproval. "The
Madonna- - del Carmine is false— she
takes my gifts and my. lover,- ; too."
Here "the '.wicked' thought took shape
of sin in her mind.
"At least you might take your coral
sin back." it whispered, then vent en
WE ALL EAT
TOO MUCH.
As the result of his exhaustive ex
periments with a squad of United
States soldiers doing heavy gymnasium
work under restricted diet, Professor
Chittenden of Yale concludes that
most people eat too much, says the New
York World.
The men were worked hard In the
gymnasium and gained steadily and
gVeatly in strength >while they were
being fed far less than the average
diet.
They were called the « "starvation
squad," but their photographs /taken
at the close of the experiment do not
look like those of starving men, rather
like those of competent gymnasts.
Says, Professor Chittenden in his re
cently published "Physiological Econ
omy in Nutrition": "Our results * • *
justify the conviction that the minimal
protled requirements of the healthy
man under ordinary conditions of life
are far below the generally accepted
dietary standards,' and far below the
amounts called for by the acquired
tastes of the generality of mankind.
The amount of proteid or albuminous
food needed daily for the actual phys
iological wants of the body is not
mere than one-half of the proteid
food^ordinarily consumed by the aver
age man. Cody weight' (when once
adjusted to the new level), health,
strength, mental and physical vigor
and endurance can be maintained with
at least one-htilf of the proteid food
ordinarily consumed."
Proteids are the chemical elements
that most people get by a meat diet,
though beans, peas and some other
vegetables are also strong in proteids.
Eat less meat is the practical equiva
lent of Professor Chittenden's advice.
It has often been noticed by ama
teur mountaineers that Adirondack
guides and Swiss mountain men eat
less solid food than the average Wall
street broker, who does little physical
labor. , . . " ,
Importanee of Punctuation.
At one of the schools the inspector
began to examine the pupils in. punctu
ation, but was told by the Mayor, "We
don't bother about commas and such
like." The inspector made nb reply,
but merely told one of the boys to write
on the blackboard the following words:
"The Mayor says the inspector is an
ass." "Now," he continued, Vput^ a
comma after Mayor and another after
inspector." The boy did so, and the
Mayor changed his mind about the im-
HIS HEART.
Charles — Oh! Madge, will you be
mine? My heart. is in my mouth lest
you refuse me.
Madge — No, Charles; I can never
marry a man whose heart isn't in the
right place.
With deft, light fingers she fas
tened. the coral pin In Glu
lietta's gay ribbon belt.
more boldly, now that she was listen
ing. "You could - pin it on Glulietta's
dress in the crowd and the priest will
think -she took it— and the curse of
sacrilege :wlll : .be upon her!"
Nita heard no. more of -the long
mass. Not one of the , high. Intoned
Latin ' words,- nor a note ' of the beau
tiful chants reached her ears— she was
leagued with the tempter.' When the peo
ple were streaming out of the church
and the famous statue was being lifted
down from. its niche in.the wall, ready
for. its triumphal afternoon ' procession
toward the park, Nita pressed for-
THE SMART SET
BY SALLY SHARP.
Miss Marjorie Josselyn entertained
several of her young friends at tea
yesterday. She' will be the guest of
honor at a large dinner to be given on
December 14 by Mr. and Mrs. Wil
liam B. Brown. • ,•
' A very pretty tea was given yes
terday by Mrs. Henry Sears Bates on
Broadway. The house, which was
richly decorated in red and pink,
looked most atractive; red berries
were generously used and, mingled
with roses and chrysanthemums, the
effect was festive.
Mrs. Bates was assisted In receiving
by Mrs. Benjamin Thomas, Mrs.
James Bishop, Mrs. Norris Davis,
Mrs. Merrill, Miss Castle, Miss Ethel
Dean. Miss Molly Dutton. Miss Ger
trude Dutton. Miss Ella Morgan. Miss
Alice Palmer and Miss Paula Wolff.
Lieutenant Rockwell of the Tenth
Infantry will leave the Presidio in
about a month for Washington, where
he will be stationed.
Miss Mabel Gunn leaves New York
to-day for San Juan.
Mrs. J. L. Berry will give a tea to
day In honor of her daughter. Miss
Edith Berry, who will be formally
presented to society. Since her return
from abroad Miss Berry has not been
in good health, but Is able now to
look forward to the winter gayetles.
Guests will be received this afternoon
from 4 to 7 at the Berry home, 2870
Washington street.
Mrs. Lucy Otis was the honored
guest at a luncheon given yesterday
by Mrs. James Otis. -J / r':.
Mrs. William Benton Wllshlre and
Miss Jane Wilshire held a very pleas
ant "at home" yesterday at their Baker
street resid^ice.
Miss Charlotte Wilson was enter
tained at dinner last evening by Mrs.
Chauncey Rose Winslbw. Miss Wilson
will be the honored guest at a tea giv
en by Mrs. Alexander • Keyes on De-
MIss Marie Wells will be the guest
CRUEL COMMENT.
Jiggs — He's a self-made man.
Jaggs — He ought to be rebuilt.
v/ard, her guilty heart throbbing vio
lently in superstitious fear, and
brushed close against the gorgeous
silk mantle that robed the statue, after
the custom of the Latin countries. It
was done in an instant, and when she
pushed onward In the crowd she held
her recovered treasure tight in her
hand. She had profaned the Holy
Madonna!
In the" thrill of terror at the thought
she would have gone back to restore
the trinket, but she could not stem the
tide of humanity pouring down the
aisles, and Just then a glimpse of To
nio sidling up to Giulietta hardened her
toward any repentance.
Slipping from her mother's tide she
elbowed her way unnoticed across to
a corner they must pass on the way
out, and waited. As they went by, too
absorbed to see her, she slipped out,
pressed, close behind the pair and with
deft, light fingers fastened the coral
pin in Glulletta's gay ribbon belt. The
deed was done!
••••••
It was a week later. Tonio was very
lonesome. Giulietta was doing penance
for her supposed wickedness, discov
ered the day of the festa by the priest
in charge, who had recognized and re
stored to the. Madonna the coral pin
she was wearing, and despite her re
fusal to confess and her protestations
of innocence had imposed upon her a
month's silence and solitude in her ten
ement room. Not even her mother was
allowed to speak to her. Wherefore To
nio found time hanging' heavily on his
hands. jyffl
His thoughts returned, like homing
birds, to Nita, whom he suddenly re
membered he had neglected of late in
the glamour of the newer attraction. It
was only a stolen kiss on the way home
from Coney Island, but now he remem
bered It. He did not know how Nita's
loving little heart had gone into that
kiss. But It was rather pleasant, he re
flected — Nita was a sweet girl anyway
—he would stroll over to aee her In the
cool of the evening.
He found her on the stoop
watching with listless gaze a crowd of
noisy 'children playing in the street.
As he mounted the step he saw tears
in her eyes— those big. soft eyes that
had looked love into his face that last
night on. the boat. The sight moved
him strangely. He sat by her until twi-
of honor at a luncheon to-day. Mls3
Margaret Hanford is to be hostess.
Mr. and Mrs. W. R. Castle of Hono
lulu were entertained at dinner on
Thursday evening by Mr. and Mrs.
Mansfield Lovell. The guests.were: Mr.
and Mrs. W. R. Castle, General and
Mrs. Charles Woodruff, Dr. and Mm.
Manley Simons. Miss Anna Gray. Mr.
and Mrs. James Tucker.
Several well known army people,
among whom were Admiral and Mrs.
Charles J. Barclay, Major and Mrs. C.
G. Long, Colonel and Mrs. Gardner and
Mrs. Herman Hall, went to Del Monte
last week to participate in the opening
of the new clubhouse at the Monte
rey Presidio, the army people there
giving a dance.
Jacob Rlls. known by his books and
reform work, will arrive soon on a lec
ture tour. The Commonwealth Club
will give a dinner in his honor at the
Palace Hotel on January 7. Governor
Pardee. President Benjamin Ide Wheel
er and Henry Weinstock, president of
the Commonwealth Club, will speak,
and Jacob Rlls will give an address.
The staff of the San Francisco Pub
lic Library gave a reception to the
chief librarian. George T. Clark, on
Wednesday evening. The catalogue,
room had been beautifully decorated
for the occasion. Miss Wade and Miss
Goldman of the library using a quan
tity of roses, chrysanthemums, toyon
berries and smllaz sent from Stockton
for the event. Librarian Clark has Just
returned from an Eastern trip and this
affair celebrated the tenth annlversarr
of his Incumbency, and also his birth
day. The entire library staff was pres
ent, the only outsiders being Mrs.
George T. Clark and Mrs. Joy Uchten
steln. Miss Emily Wade was toastmis
tress and toasts were given by Miss
Weed and Miss Sawyer, with remarks
by Librarian Clark concerning his trip.
A reception will be given this after
noon and to-night by the Catholic La
dies* Aid Society for the benefit of tha
Girls' Home. It will be held at the
new home. 1205 Gough street. A good
programme of music and sketches has
been arranged.
ANSWERS TO OUERIES.
THE OFFICIAL VOTE — J. G. A..
Fresno, Cal. The official vote of the
State *of California at the election held
during the early part of November,
1904. will be published in The Call as
soon as the Secretary of State makes
the official announcement.
ARTICLES OF WAR — F.. Frultvale,
Cal. The articles of war> of the
United States have the following sec
tions in regard to officers or men who
misbehave:
Article 20. Any officer or soldier
who behaves with disrespect toward
his commanding officer shall be pun
ished as a court-martial may direct.
Article 21. Any officer or soldier
•who, on any pretense whatsoever,
strikes his superior officer or draws
or lifts up any weapon, or offers any
violence against him, being in, the
execution of his office, or disobeys any
lawful command of his superior offi
cer, shall suffer death or such other
punishment as a court-martial may
direct.
The articles further provide that If
"any soldier thinks himself wronged
by any officer he may complain to the
commanding officer of his regiment.
who shall summon a regimental court
martial for the doing of justice to the
complainant." The army provides a
remedy for every wrong, but does not
permit any officer or soldier to take
the law into his own hands for the
purpose of punishing for an actual or
fancied wrong.
Townsend's California Glace fruits in
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market ■:.
and Wakelee's Drug Store. •
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 30 CaU«
t ornla street. Telephone Main 1042. *
BY
LILIAN C. PASCHAL
light came and the moon rose- over tha
patch of the East River that showed
at the foot of the street.
The queer feeling In hla careless heart
grew more Insistent as they talked,
and all at once he knew what had hap
pened to him— he loved Nita— he must
have her. He was quits certain about
it. Impulsively he began to tell her of
It, his arm slipping about her lithe
waist as he repeated the old, old story.
"And so," he ended tip softly In the
liquid love tones which come bo mu
sically tender In no other language
"Nita, cara mia, tu adoro— will you bo
mine?"
To his rait surprisa, tha girl burled
her head In his encircling arm, kissing
his hand remorsefully, and shook with
tumultuous sobbing. , La Madonna del
Carmine had given back her lover after
all her terrible guilt and thfe« dread
ful days and night* of terror and re
pentance. So her story came out amid
many tears and much grief.
And now you will never love m»
again, she sobbed heartbrokenly, turn
ing away from the precious gift for
which she had committed such a deadly
sin, and which now shut her out from
her promised land. "But It was because
I loved you so— I loved yon so!"
It was an excuse which appeals to
most men, even tha hardest hearted
2i£ hl3 ? ln !~ and BO <>thed her
Stn WOr<1 * nBm -" he added
Judicially "you must confess to the
priest and take Glulietta's penance-lt
\\\ P^aMy be a double one— but I
will help you all I can-for I loWyou.
throL S »J*">, agr » ed NIta ea «erly, railing
through her tears-she would have
nnf^ t *"i er red - not Ploughshares If
«Z££ eTm v And to -morrow I will pin
SJE- £* rob « of Madonna del Car-
S.Pi« my /° 1 ? beads and my Roman
«ofi?' gIve to G1 ulletta my silk
scarf-all that I have in the world of
jewels or of penance would I give for
you, Tonio mio-and. oh! If Our Blessed
Lady will absolve me this once I will
ne jer, never be wicked again!"
The moon smiled around the corner
or a tall chimney at the two sitting so
close together on the step of the o!«l
tenement, then kindly disappeared.
, e £^*. * btm * n friendly darkness.
(Copyright, 1SQ4, by Lilian a Paschal*MINERS GIVE REASONS FOR
THEIR POLICY
Davis Defines Legal StanfliDg of Polar Star
Case and Caminetti Talks of Dams.
NEW ERA PREDICTED FOR HYDRALLICKING
Several matters of large importance
to the miners of California that -were
discussed in the convention of the Cal
ifornia Miners' Association during the
present week will receive the earnest
attention of the entire State In the
near future-
Hydraulic mining was given the
first place in discussion and the inter
est that was manifested in having that
branch of mineral activity once more
operative was manifested by the me
morial that, at the suggestion of Pro
lessor Christy of the University of
California, was sent to President
lioosevelt.
A resolution referring to dams, in
addition to the restraining works on
the Yuba River, was adopted by the
« onvention. In the routine reports of
the proceedings of the annual conven
tion of the miners there was not room
for detailed accounts of the recom
mendations of the important commit
u-es of the Miners' Association.
The committee on dams, in addition
to the recommendations that it made
through A. Caminetti, its chairman,
reviewed the Yuba situation and in de
tail reported what is considered by
the miners to be needed in certain di
rections.
To complete the record and to give
the people of the State a comprehen
sive and accurate idea of the facts
seme extracts are given this morning
from the reports of the committee on
dams and the committee on legisla
tion. The report of the legislation
committee was made by John F.
Davis, who has headed this commit
tee for a term of years.
Mr. Caminetti reviewed, as a pre
liminary, the statements about the
\\ crks on the Yuba River that ap
peared over the signature of Captain
Harts of the United States Corps of
Kngineers in the Scientific American.
Then Mr. Caminetti reported in part
as follows:
We hav« taken the privilege of quoting llb
*raMy :rorn this article because it emanates
I : om an orflcisil source and was written by an
• o:nc*' of distinguished attainments who has,
curing his service, given the subject matter
thorough investigation.
It Is contorting to know from such authority
now that one of the important stages of the
Vcrk cf construction of said project is com
mitted, that the view often expressed, even by
tome hydraulic miners, that such miners have
nothing to hope for In the completion of the
projt?ct. Is without foundation.
The plain statements that the plan contem-
I".ates •'the storage of the enormous quantity
i : .-•:._; already In the river bed." as well
as "preventing the further addition to this
amount by holding back such as may in the
future be carried down": that '•practically all
the coarser material brought Into the Yuba
Kiver will be h*ld by the upper barriers";
that "all the finer material during most of the
j .-ar will be carried Into settling basins, where
it will be Impounded," and that "there will be
arapl* room for many years for the storage
of mining detritus." certainly refer to debris
vthfr than that now lodged in the river bed.
This conclusion is inevitable when we take
ir.to consideration the lmmen»* storage area
covered by the project, not only for coarse
material, but also for the finer a» well. This
is strengthened by the suggestion that more
l>arri-rs above those now proposed can be con
structed and more room for settling pools to
deposit the fine material exists, thus affording
greater storage area, ehould it be required.
SEEKING MORE DAMS.
Our cnercies should now b* directed toward
•c^urlr.g necessary appropriation* from the
and National governments for the pur
l»>se of constructing the dams contemplated
by the Jaw in the tributaries of the Tuba above
I >.itru< rre Point End the dams and restraining
barriers in the Bear, American, Consumnes,
Mokelumne. Calaveras and Stanislaus river
eys-tenis togctbtr with those en such streams
as Webber Creek in El Dorado County and
Batter Creek in Amador County, all of which
have received the same attention from the en
rin^r oificers and the law as tlxat given to
th* Yuba system above Jlarysvllle.
The art of lSi>3 has specially adopted the
plans set forth in the "Mendell Report" of
jv>^. and in the "Biggs Commission Report,'
tor all these rivers and th-elr respective tribu
taries and n-.sde the sam* the barts of opera
tion in the future administration of the powers
confcrr»-d thereby.
Cattfomla can profitably appropriate a rea-
F'.r.able sura of money with the object of build
):;g some of these dams, Independent of any
ac-tion by the United States, Just as It is doing
now fcr river improvement purposes, notwlth
tian<5ing tha.t th* National Government ia en
ss^^d in like operations. Such Impounding
■ystex&ta as those i>roi>osed for Webber Creek,
Batter freck and elsewhere, the cort of each
of which is comparatively small, could be
contracted by the State with good result* to
all ir.tereyts aXTected.
This committee strongly recommend* that
tV.it association urge Congress and the Legis
lature of this State to Jointly appropriate
$: uM.frfiO to t>e expended In the building of
tho firtt section of each of the dams and re
etrairiirR barriers proposed by said reports
WOd that our Lesislature provide the further
eum of f250.000 to be expended by the Call
frrrla I>brls Commission for the construction
C t-ir.a!ler storace darns, such as those above
referred to and forming part of the general
plE-.s set out in eaid reports.
We further . recommend that our «xecutlve
CGn-.m!Uee take up for consideration the for
rr;?tlon of a general and comprehensive plan
under the law of 1893 for the purpose of re
habilitating hydraulic mining and urge con
s deration thereof by Congress and the Legis
lature of this Gtate. and for that purpose,
thould it become necessary, It be empowered
to select competent engineer! to prepare tn«
HBH,
Under the role that private property can
not be condemned for private uses It has been
difficult and- at times impossible for mine
owners operating ur.der the permit of the
California Debris Coramirflon to secure suit
able sites for Etorajre cf debris.
PROPOSE XE\V POWERS.
The California Debrl* Commission should be
clothed with authority, under the law, to pro
ceed to obtain by purchase if feasible, if not,
then by condemnation proceeding* ia a court
ef competent Jurisdiction in the name of and
for the benefit of the United Stales, tule lands.
swamp lands slough*, channels, water courses
and land for storage eit»s for debris or water;
•Ites for the construction of dams or restrain
ing works or barriers; sites for settling reser
voir*- lights of way for canals, roads and
other* easements, necessary or required in the
prosecution or construction of work contem
plated br- the act creating the commission,
either for pennaa&nt Improvement of the nav
igable waters of th# Sacramento and Ban
Joaquin River systems, or for the protec
tion thereof against th« encroachment of and
damage from debris resulting from mining
operations, natural erosion or other causes,
or for the constructJon of any of the works
required or necessary to comply with the terms
of any order granted by said commlMlon on
aa application thereto for permission to work
mining lands by the hydraulic process.
It Is within the power of the National Qor
•rnment as the conservator of navigable In
terests and conditions of raid river system*
to exercise the right of eminent domain in
any manner which will tend to protect such
navljrable Interests and conditions. *
Whenever lands are condemned for the pur
pose of enabling any mine owner or owners
to comply with the terms of tb« commission's j
license to mine all expenses and costs of such |
proceeding, including purchase price, should i
be bornt by the mine owner or ow&en.
Afl the conclusion of the report of
the committee on dams the following
statement was made:
In conclusion, the committee 1» of the ©pin-
POSTCM CEREAIi.
Just
"Because"
Cut out the eoffe« 10
days and take on
Simple, but It will show
you a way to be well.
Ion that with the results so far achieved tee
are entering upon a new era in the movement
to rehabilitate hydraulic mining; that with
energetic work, thorough organization and
united effort we will accomo'.ish the end bo
much desired and bo necessary for the up
building of a great Industry and the prosperity
of the State.
THE POLAR .STAR CASE.
In view of the desire of the miners
to have the Polar Star mine case
brought to final determination In
court, an extract from Davis* report
for £he committee on legislation is In
teresting. It is as follows:
Arrangements were made by the executive
committee with the firm of Solinsky & Wehe,
«ttorneys-at-law. under which they agreed to
take the case to the Supreme Court without
compensation. There seems to have been some
misapprehension with reference to the question
whether a proper record could be not be
fore the Supreme Court, inasmuch as the time
for the appeal from -the Judgment had passed.
Mr. Devlin, attorney for the Anti-Debris As
sociation, however, when questioned as late
as the day of the beginning or t:ilp convention,
6till stated that he would ralsj no such ques
tion, and would willingly admit service of
notice for a motion for a new trial. ' This
will completely clear any record tangle on the
question of time.
It has been decided by the Supreme Court
of this State la the case of Simpson vs. Burtd,
01 Cal. 88, that "though the right to make a
motion for a new trial is statutory and does
not exist if the proper steps are not taken
within the time allowed by the statute, as
against a party who stands upon the statute
and Insists upon a strict compliance therewith,
yet the time for every step to be taken in re
lation thereto may be waived or extended by
constant cf the parties."
ITpon the assurance of Mr. Devlin that he
will admit service of the notice of motion for
a n«'w trial under oral Etloulaticn that the
time has always been extendecior the same,
the point that this association desires deter
mined can now be presented, clear cut, to the
Supreme Court by Messrs. Solinsky & Wehe,
who report to us that they are going ahead
on these linos.
The important proposition of the
segregation of the mineral lands in
cluded in the railroad land grants in
California was treated in a preamble
and resolution of the committee on
resolutions, both of which were
adopted by the convention. The text
in full is as follows:
Whereas, There Is an absolute, urgent and
immediate necessity for the segregation of the
mineral lane's within the railroad land grants
of the State cf California In order that such
mineral lands may be restored to the public
domain, and thus be made available to the
mining prospector, and
Whereas, These mineral lands were espec
ially cxcppted from the railroad land grants
and have never been granted by the United
States Government to any railroad company,
and were Intended to be specifically preserved
as a cart of the public domain, open to ex
ploration and purchase under the Federal
mining laws, and to that end a bill was Intro
duced In the lart eoeselon of the Congress of
the United States and is now pending in
said body; now. therefore, be It "
Resolved. That, in addition to procuring a
segregation of the mineral lands within the
railroad land grants, the California delegation
In Congress be requested to propose to use all
honorable means to obtain the necessary legis
lation to have a new segregation of the min
eral lands of the public domain in this State
turn segregation to be made under the direc
tion of the Director of the United States Oeo-
logical Survey, . and that ouch classification
shall be accepted as crima facie evidence of
the mineral character of such lands in all
cases appearing before the land department
and court* of the United States.
DIES WHEX STARTING
FOR EASTERN' HOME
Patrick J. Regan, Discharged Slarine,
Buys Ticket for New York and
Goes to Morgue Instead.
Patrick J.. Regan, ..formerly a ma
rine soldier, was to have started yes
terday morning for his home in New
York, but through a simple slip of the
thumb his body was sent to the
Morgue. He was suffocated during
the night by illuminating gas. which
was escaping from a partly opened
valve at 229% Sixth street. Regan
had paid $59 75 for a second class
railway ticket and had sent $100 to
his brother at 232 East Forty-sixth
street. New York City. He had been
drinking. All that was on the person
of the dead man yesterday were the
railway ticket and 55 cents. The the
ory of the Morgue officials is that be
ing intoxicated he partly turned on
the key of the gas fixture after he had
shut it off. Regan was unmarried
and 42 years old.
Plan Your Christmas Trip Xow.
Agents of the Southern Pacific will sell
round trip tickets at reduced rates for Christ
mas and New Years. Tickets sold December
24, 25 and 26 irill be good to return until De
cember 27, while tickets eold December 31 and
January 1 will be rood to return until January
3, 1905.
The Christmas season is the time for family
reunions and visits to friends and kindred.
Take advantage of these reduced rates ana
make a pleasant trip home. Full Information
of any agent, or at cKy ticket office, «13 Mar
ket street. •
I>eane's Administrator.
John J. Deane, brother of former
County Clerk William A. Deane. who
died December 3, yesterday petitioned
for special letters of administration
upon his brother's estate. The rea
son for such a move is stated to be
that the estate will be held respon
sible for the property in the United
States warehouse for Indian supplies.
In Deane's will his widow, Amy W.
Deane, was named as sole executrix
and she requests the brother's ap
pointment as special administrator.
Had Weak Eyes.
I am using George Mayerle's Eyewater and
fln<i it very good for red, weak, painful, tired
and watery eyes, also floating spots. Wm.
f^-i!«: hoen ' Hobart Mill*. Cal. At druggists' or
10. 1H Market St.. a F.. 60c; by mall, 62c. •
Johnston Is Released.
Robert C. Johnston was released
from custody by Captain Burnett yes
terday. On Monday night Johnston
surrendered himself at police head
quarters, saying he had given a worth
less check for $170 to a friend named
Durham in Chicago. Chief Wittman
wired to Chicago and received a reply
frcm Chief O'Neil on Thursday to hold
Johnston till papers could be sent for
his extradition. Yesterday another
dispatch was received from Chief
O'Xeil, saying Johnston's friends re
fuse to prosecute him. Johnston says
he will pay back the $170. J
McDonnell Seeks Pardon.
George T. McDonnell, who is in the
penitentiary for using the postofflce to
further a scheme to defraud, has ap
plied to the Department of Justice for
a pardon and the department has re
ferred the matter to United States
District Attorney Woodworth for his
opinion. Inasmuch as McDonnell
served a twenty-year term of impris
onment in an English penitentiary for
being - connected with the notorious
Bidwell brothers in their forgeries on
the Bank of England and as the pres
ent offense was clearly proved against
him, Mr. Woodworth declines to rec
ommend a pardon.
BOYS COMMIT BURGLARY.— Oorsre Bid
dlnger, Charles. Morris and 'Louis Strelthorst.
boys, were arrested yesterday morning and
booked at the City Prison on a charge of bur
glary. They are accused of breaking into the
stores of ConstanUne & Conom, 29 Ninth
street, and Henry A. Baclgalupi, 29H Ninth,
and stealing articles, some of which 'were
found on them when arrested. The boys have
been In trouble before.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 10. 1904.
VIKING SHIP UNEARTHED
BY FARMER'S PLOW.
Hofds the- Bones of Norwegian Princess
HULK OF A VIKING SHIP EXHUMED IN NORWAY AFTER HAVING SERVED
FOR CENTURIES AS THE SARCOPHAGUS FOR THE REMAINS OF SOME
PRINCESS iOF ANCIEXT TIMES.
Svend Hansen, a young Norwegian
sailorman, who for a number of years
has been employed on coasting vessels
running Into this port, has Just re
turned from a visit to Norway, and
brings with him news of an interesting
discovery made by a farmer neighbor
of the old folks at home. He also
brings a photograph of the find.
While plowing a few months ago
this Norwegian farmer, whose land lies
about ten miles Inland from the port of
Tonsberg, wrecked his plow against
what he thought was a stump. Investi
gation showed that he had been in col
lision with a Viking ship, the stout
oaken prow of which lay within a foot
of the soil's surface.
The farmer .hitched. a team to the
supposed stump, but all the available
horse power failed to stir the obstruc
tion. The ground was dug away from
around the prow. The more the farm
er dug the more he found, and when
the work of excavation was finished
there in the middle of his field. In the
spade-made dock, lay the v strangest
looking craft twentieth century eyes
had ever gazed upon.
Scientists visited the relic and are
still trying to wrest its secret from this
hold-over remnant of a day long for
gotten. The bones of a woman were
found in an oaken chest which lay fore
and aft in the center of the ship. /
Before Hansen left his old home, a
month or so ago, one of the scientists
Alleges He Was Swindled.
Melancthon Phillips, 117 Ripley
street, obtained a warrant from Police
Judge Fritz yesterday for the arrest
of Joseph F. Donaldson, an attorney,
on a charge of gTanti larceny. He al
ieges that Donaldson represented to
him that he .M'as engaged in the real
estate business, promising if Phillips
gave him $500 to guarantee him an
income of $75 per month and also to
give him a deed to five lots in this city.
At the end of six months the $500 was
to be returned to Phillips. The money
was paid in September, but Phillips
says he has not received a cent from
Donaldson. He got a deed to the lots,
but Donaldson secured it again on the
p)ea that he would record it.
Christmas Pictures.
In the new art gallery of Sanborn, Vail
& Co. you will find a most beautiful col
lection of moderate priced paintings — oil
paintings, water colors, pastels in gold
frames. Photographs, etchings and
engravings in Flemish oak and carbon
frames. Our prices are as low as any
body's and our assortment is greater
than everybody's. Come and see the gal
lery anyway. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741
Market street. •
SACHS ESTATE.— Jacob Frowenfeld yester
day petitioned for letter* of administration
upon the estate of Henry Sachs, of the firm "of
Eafhs Bros., who died on November 80. The
petitioner states that a search for a will has
been made, but none has been found. The
heirs at law are the widow, Ella Newell
Sachs, and son, Henry N. Sachs.
.;_ in _._. Ln _ j "_'
The
awarded to •
over all other infants 5 foods
THE HIGHEST A*V&R»
Worlds Fair Saint Louis
"JThis is even higher than the Gold: Medal;
told him the result of their investiga- |
tions as far as they had gone. (The ship, '
said the man of science, undoubtedly
belonged to the eighth century. It had
been brought from the sea, which in .
those days was not ten miles distant, j
by way of a gulch that is still visible. ;
The vessel had been dragged ashore, •
taken on rollers to an excavation and
there burled. The reason for all this 5 ,
the learned man thought, was to be
found in the box of bones. That box, i
he said, had been the coffln of a Prln- ;
cess, to whose memory the vikings had
paid the highest tribute In their power =
by giving up a warship, their most.val- !
ued possession, to be used as a sarco- j
phagus for the fair lady's mortal re
mains. ;, .;. ,..
Such of the : ship's., planking as was
found- is - in *• good condition,' and the
oars, a score or vdoYef of which : were
buried beside the craft, are still tough
enough for use. A board was found on
which were inscribed characters which
the scientists are now try Ing! to trans
late. The. farmer on whose land the
ship was found was trying to sell his
find to the Norwegian Government
when Hansen left home. He wanted
30,000 crowns for it. The vessel is about
ninety feet long. No arms were fdund
near by, the soil having been excavated
for some distance on all sides. The,
boat, the oars, the bones and the for-!
gotten script on a decaying board are
all that the twentieth century has upon
which to reconstruct a lost chapter of ;
eighth century history or romance. j
Letcher Fights His Extradition.
The hearing on the application for
a writ of habeas corpus for the re
lease of George Letcher, the San Jose
capitalist, accused of being a fugitive
from justice, came up before Judge
Cook yesterday. The Governor's war
rant of extradition was submitted, but
it was claimed that Letcher was not a
fugitive from justice and that the pa
pers on which the warrant was grant
ed were insufficient. The case waa
continued till Monday morning. Mean
time Letcher was ordered released on
$6000 bonds, which was promptly
forthcoming. Letcher Is wanted in
Ohio for arson, alleged to have been
committed about twenty years ago.
Christmas Stationery.
Beautiful boxes • of 'stationery that
make useful as well as very handsome
Christmas presents; also inkstands desk
pads and calendars. Designs not shown
elsewhere. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Mar
ket street. •
MURRAY SAYS HE WAS ROBBED.—Mar
tin Murray, a commission merchant living at
S07 Fourth street, was found asleep on Folsom
S tre *JL. near Fourth - ear 'y yesterday morning;
by Policeman Gaston. Murray said he had
been assaulted by two young men on Brannan
etreet and robbed or $40. Murray's wife laid
their landlady had put them out yesterday
afternoon for non-payment of rent 'Murray's
tale of robbery was not believed, and as he
was under the influence of liquor he was
booked for being drunk,' but later was re
leased at the city prison.
RESERVOIR SITE
ON TWIN PEAKS
Supervisors Favor Purchase
of Land for an Auxiliary
Fire Protection System
WILL CONSIDER OFFER
Selection of Block of Prop
erty for New Public Li
brary to Be : Determined
The Supervisors' Joint Committee on
Fire, Utilities and Finance yesterday
considered the advisability of insti
tuting proceedings for the con
demnation of land ' on Twin
Peaks as a reservoir site for an
auxiliary high-pressure, 20,000,000-gal
lon water supply system for increased
fire protection. The Market and Stan
yan Streets Improvement Company,
through its president, Orville D. Bald
win, offered to sell forty-seven acres
for the purpose at $3000 per acre, or
$141,000, but the committee thought this
too high. The land is assessed for only
$22,000. .;Vy; .-.
/ City Engineer Woodward recom
mended the purchase of the entire
tract, a portion of which could be util
ized for a park, as already proposed.
After some discussion Baldwin agreed
to call a meeting of his board of di
rectors and submit another offer for
the sale of the forty-seven acres, the
committee having decided that the en
tire tract be bought by the city. It was
stated that the company, would not sell
at less than $2000 an acre. Although
$150,000 has been appropriated for the
system, the city may only expend $50,
000 each year for the purchase of lands.
The committee will meet next Friday
at 3 p. m. to consider the offer.
At the same time it will also take up
the proposed acquisition of a block of
land for the new public library, the
bond Issue for which was sold to a
bank syndicate. Two blocks are under
consideration, one bounded by Hayes,
Fell, Van Ness and Franklin, which Is
favored by the library trustees, and
the other by Fulton. Grove, Polk and
Van Ness avenue. The committee first
decided to invite bids for sites for the
library, but thought it better to defer
action, as it is not certain that either
of the sites-mentioned will be the civic
center of the new San Francisco, for
whose adornment Ideas are proposed.
• ADVERTISEMENTS.
NOTICE
We have learned that
certain unscrupulous
dealers are selling
bulk coffee claiming
it to be Golden Gate.
We beg to inform the
public that
vOldcr*
B F V ■ m mmrim
is sold in tins ONLY
'NEVER IN BULK
J. A. FOLGEfi S CO.
San Francisco
■ PARKER'S i
K9 si as m a ' !
| Promote* the growth of the hair and I '
' ; gives It tie lustre and sUklnesB of youth. ' .
! When tha - hair Is gray or faded It '
1 ! BRINGS BACK THE YOUTHFUL COLOR. < '
J : It proTcnta Dandruff •Bd.nair tamng \ ',
| and keeps the scalp clean and healthy. \ ',
Pfllarp D0IVT FA1L T0
1 aiaWV see the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
51 fifl room, the EMPIRE
auu parlor, the
r ~ PALM ROOM, the
iirand j-° uis xv par -
Uiailtt LOR, and the LA.
U^IU D IE 8' WRITING
Hotels I room-
AMUSEMENTS. !
ALHAMBRA
Saturday, ■ December 17, at 8:00 P. M.
Monday, December 19, at 8:13 P. M.
Wednesday, December 21, at 8:15 P. M.
Opening; of the AMERICAN TOUR of
Paderewski
Reserved Seat Sale opens at Sherman,
Clay & Co.'s Monday morning;, De-
- ' cember 12. at 9. Prices, *2 50, 52 00,
$150, .$100., Bteinway Piano used.
. Paderewski - Concerts : . _, Mac donou «;h
Theater, Oakland, December ~~ 23. 3
p. m. : Victory Theater, San Jose, De> ,
' cember 29, 3 p. zn.
fiaci! M/k flaii!
New >rftp Jockey
California j^ Club 1
OAKLAND TRACK. .
Commencing SATURDAY, , November 12.
. Raci&z ' every .week day, - rain or shine.
Races -start at 2:15. p." m. sharp.
':: ■ - TAMZLT CliTTB ' KAKSZOAP,
81000 added, to too run Saturday. See.' 10.
For special trains stopping at the track take
8."- P. Ferry, foot - of . Market street, ' at 12:00,
12:30, 1:00, 1:80 or 2:00. Returning -trains
leave the track at 4:10 and 4:45 p. m. and im-
mediately ■ after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS, '. President,
-— . . PERCY W. TREAT, Secretary,
...... AOVEgTISElPSHTg. "— '
■ ■■•■■•'■."''■■ y* .
Cocoa and Chocolate
The Leader for
124 Years
The highest award ever given in this Country
jt*\ You may know the gen-
Jj|^\ uine goods by this trade-
mark on every package.
If I l\ ? Highest
III P • t P Awards in
Wil //'//til' Europe
flujpi fill
TRADE MARK.
Our new illustrated Recipe Book sent free. Write to
WALTER BAKER & CO., Ltd.
Established 1 780. Dorchester, Mass.
AMTJSEMEXT8.
MonsterNewShow
MISS MARY SHAW & GO.,
Dillon Brothers: Howard'* Comedy Dors
and Ponita; Marvelous Trank and Lit-
tle Bob; Phyllis Allen, and On>heum
Motion Pictures.
Ziast Times of San Elton; ZeXoy and
Biccl; The Josselin Trio and Clement
de Lion.
Regular Matinees every Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday. i
' Prices — lOo, 25c and BOo.
TO-NIGHT IZfcim
KING
• SEATS ALWAYS SELLJNO.
REGULAR MATINEE SATURDAY, f
GRAND SSSgg
Matinees TO-DAY and TO-MORROW
' TO-NIGHT AND NEXT WEEK.
SB* "Befo 1 the King," Edward VII
Buckingham Palace, June 23, 1903.
THE ROYAL. COMEDIANS,
WILLIAMS
an»WALKER
And Their Company of Colored Artists
j-£? IN DAHOMEY
Curtain Rise* at 8 o'clock.
ALCAZAR Bt H4ir
• General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— MATS. TO-DAT ANI> SUNDAY.*
"It wasn't like a stock first night; It was *
performance." — Ashton Stevens. . .-
•'Highly gratified audience." — Call.
"Infinitely humorous."— Chronicle.
THe Professor's
Love Story
f., Delightful Comedy by J. M. Barrle.
Author of "The LJttle Minister.".
Eves.. 25c to 70c Mats.. Sat. Jfc Sun., 23c to SOo.
NEXT MONDAY— C A DD I C B
Mr*. Flske'e First Snccesa, wnfKlvC
Market Street, Near Eighth... Phone South 633
KATUTEE TO-DAT ASS TO-MO1BOW.
' LAST TWO NIOHTS.
Jacob Utt's f 25,000 Production; of the Greatest
Melodrama Ever Written,
THE SUBURBAN
/•vram The race track and six horses.
wCC Well-known local Jockey*.
jPr The limekiln. i
k/i **' The sea wall.
TO-NIGHT— BENEFIT
: : _ A. O. H., DIVISION NO. 9.
Prices— Ere., lOo to 60c. Mata, 10c. 15o, 23o.
NE2CX— "U>SrS IN SIBERIA,"
_^^ AMTJSEHKN TS.
TONY LUBE3LSKI. General Manacer.
Best Ever Organized.
PosltiTe One Dollar Attraction* for
10c and SOo— zro Hiffhtr.
The new bill this week wUl catch thm elt-r
by storm. *
All Celebrated Artists*
PEOPLE'S
RICES
lOo and 20c. — No Higher.
Greatest vaudeville performance, for the
prices in the world. Children to any p»rt ot
Performance every afternoon at 2:30« every
evening at 7:30 and 9: continuous Saturday
and Sunday matinees from 2 to 8; continuous
Saturday and Sunday evenings from 7 to 11.
Startling, new European moving picture*.
S CALIFORNIA**
:
XATTJrSE TO-SAT. I
last time to-niqht. '
SANFORD B. RICABY Presents tha
wnaaAM h. west bio f
KXWSTBEIi Tfl-BTTrTrt;.. ...
Featuring- the Superb Scenic Steflaj
Sensation.
FREDERICK V. BOWERS. £
To-morrow Night — ROSD MEX.VHXJB.
The Original "SIS HOPKINS."
SIXTH ENORMOU3 SEASON.
"There ain't no sense In doirv' nuthin*
for nobody what never done nuUxln'
for you." i
vUlLUaWiJSlM LEADW8 IHEMJ
XATXmBE TO-SAT.
TO-NIGHT— I^AST TIME.
MAXINE ELLIOTT
Xa tiie Clyde Sites Comedy,
HER OWN WAY
BEGINNING TO-MORROW, SUNDAY,
The Mtrry, Tuneful Vnsical Hit,
A CHINESE HONEYMOON
AN IMMENSE PRODUCTION'.
(Absolutely Fireproof.)
XL W. BISHOP Lessee and Manacer.
TO-NIGHT ggRffi TO-NIGHT
SOo and BOc MATINEE TODAY 23 o and SOo
Oliver Moroseo Offers
EDWARD GOULD— J. H. GILMOUR
AM the Majestio Theater Company In that
Great American Political Comedy,
THE SENATOR
Next— "MR POTTER OF TEXAS."
Band for Free "ADVANCE COURIER."
A Splendid Show Every Afternoon aad
Eveniajr In tha Theater.
DON'T PAIL TO BEB THB
THE JOHNSTOWN FLOOD,
the' reignino sensation ok coney
ISLAND and the WORLD'S FAIR.
A NEVER TO BE FORGOTTEN SPECTACLE
Electxlo fountain Display To-SHarh*.
ADMISSION..,.,.. 10a | CHILDRSS*.. ...... So
910
CLEVER JOCKEYS APPEAR
IN THE SADDLE THIS WINTER OVER AT OAKLAND RACETRACK
AND BETTORS HAVE NO CAUSE FOR COMPLAINT IN THIS DEPARTMENT
VAMPIRE TEAM
MEETS HORNETS
Sunday's Game at Alameda
Will Attract the Lovers
of Association Football
KOVERS VS. PICKAVICKS
Independents, Victorious in
4 Out of 5 Contests,
Head California League
The three matches to be played to
morrow for the 1904-1905 champion
ship of the California Association
Football League are as follows: Vam
pires vs. Oakland Hornets, on the
cricket ground at Alameda; Independ
ents vs. Eagles, at Freeman's Park,
Golden Gate, and Pickwicks vs. Albion
Kovers, at Idora Park, Oakland.
As the Independents will dispose
easily of the Eagles and the Albion j
Hovers are too strong for the Pick
v. :cks, the most interesting contest will
be that between the Vampires and the
Oakland Hornets. The Hornets man
aged, for the tirst time during the
present season, to put a team fairly
representing their strength on the field
last Sunday and beat the Occidentals,
who had won all their three previous
matches. Some changes will be made
in the positions and make-up of the
team, and a keen game should result.
The eleven will line up in the follow
ing positions:
Vampires. Positions. Hornets.
( hirer* Goalkeeper. . . .C. 'Williamson
Weiber Jiipht back Glllchrest
IVurpen J>>ft back McKenzie
•J!am<-r RiKht halfback.. J. McGregor
Turner Center halfback K. Taylor
Harm'ood Left hairback H. Bird
Ijr-et Outside right T. Dlsher
I>-coutieur inHde right R. Dlsher
Ttatnsden i "enter forward Emslle
Jlottenton Inside left Smith
Gliding Outelde left Ryles
The two Disher brothers remain on
the right wing of the Oakland Hor
nets, but the rest of the forward line
is changed. Captain McKenzie retires
from center forward to leftback; Wil
son, who played a good game last Sun
day, has left the city during the week.
Emslie and Ryles are new men. Pom
eroy and Barrett retire from the team,
C. C. Y. Williamson coming back to
his place as goalkeeper, and McKen
zi«> joining Gillchrest in the fullback
line. J. Casson is set down as referee
of the Vampire-Hornet match, but his
place /will probably be taken by J.
Frew/ The ball will be kicked off at
2:20 r>. m.
While the result of the Independ
ent-Eagle match can be foretold al
most with certainty, the Eagles are
fast and are improving in their knowl
edge of the game. The teams will line
up in the following positions:
Independents Positions. Eagles.
Antrobus «>OB.Ikeeper W'alkup
Armttronf I'.'.nS.t back Bennett
Methel!" Left back T. Schult©
Duncarson Kipht halfback. Dirks (capt.)
Kitilmaln Center halfback. ..Lancaster
McGran Left halfback Riser
J. Jcncs Outside right W. Schulte
T. Tay Inside right Lee
P. Far Center forward Churchill
K. Fay Inside left J. Croll
nicrglne Outside left narrower
In the match between the Albion
Rovers and the Pickwicks A. D. Cou
pcr will be the referee, and the teams
will line up in the following positions:
Albion Rox-era. Positions. Pickwicks.
McPherson Goalkeeper. .."W. T. Bowcock
Jennings Ripht back McKee
John Left back A. E. Bowcock
Anderson !'.:?ht halfback Watters .
Bayne Center halfback Bowden
Drummond Left halfback McClelland
Shand JMJteide right Robertson
Me Arthur Inside right Warren
A Ins worth .Center forward Banks
Wr-jte Inside left Ingannl
liradley Outside left Moon
Their defeat in last Sunday's match j
lowers the Occidentals, who stood at
the head of the table for the cham
pionship of the California Association
Fcotball League, to third place, the
Independents and Albion Rovers hav- i
iny won their matches on the 4th Inst.
and now having eight points each. As
the Independents have won four
games out of five, while the Rovers
have won four out of six, the former
are at the top ' of the table, which Is
given below:
Matches. I Goals. 1
CLTTBS. 5 § I J ? t I
2. • i £ j 3 ?
Independents 5 4 110 24 j 8 ~T
Albion Rwen 6 4 2 0 19 7 8
Occidentals 4 3 1 0 13 4 6
Vzmpires 4 2 2 O 7 10 4
Oakland Horneu S 1 2 O 3 10 2
J»ick» icks 5 1 4 0 2 24 2
Kagles 3 0 3 0 2 7 | II
J. Cameron Is set down to referee
the Eagle-Independent match, which,
like the other two regular matches,
will begin at 2:30 p. m. In the morn
ing, beginning at 11 o'clock, the sec
ond elevens of the Independents and
the Vampires will play a match on the
cricket ground at Webster street, Ala
rneda. The Vampire team will con-
Elst of Gunn, goalkeeper; W. Camp
sle and Eimon, fullbacks; Pierre, Rolfe
and Rucker, halfbacks; Will A.
Campsie, Jaques C. Lecoutieur and V.
Holland, forwards.
For the past two years the lovers of
association football have been hoping
to . get the frame established at the
State university, and now there seems
good ground to expect It will soon be
started. Men who wish to learn the
game have been invited to practice as
much as possible before the Christ
mas vacation, so that class teams may
be, organized in the spring. The game
is an excellent ene for track-runners,
especially at the long distance, '.as the
constant running develops speed and
endurance.
MRS. LIIXIE LOCKIE BADLY
INJURED IX AUTO ACCIDENT
Machine "Skids" on Golden Gate
Avenue nnd Turns Upside Down,
Falling on Occupants.
As the result of an automobile up
set late Wednesday afternoon Mrs.
Li 1 lie Lockie of 228A Twelfth street
now lies at the French Hospital un
der treatment for severe injuries. Her
right arm is broken In three places,
her left arm is fractured and her jaw
is dislocated and badly smashed. How
she escaped with her life is a miracle.
In company with Mrs. Carrie May
ers of 6099 San Pablo avenue, Oak
land, and J. Conly of the Manhattan
Hotel the party started for the beach
Hotel the party started for the
beach with Chauffeur L*. ' Hewson.
All went well until the auto
started up the grade on Golden Gate
avenue near Fillmore street, when
suddenly the auto "skidded" and the
chauffeur was not able to control it.
It ran into the sidewalk with such
force that it was turned upside down-
All the occupant* were pinned under
neath excepting Chauffeur Hewson,
who was thrown across jLhe sidewalk,
some twenty feet.
Dr. B. F. Alden happened to be
DAVIS AND KNARP IN THE LEAD
Star Rider May Develop in Present Material
INGLESIDE PARK
GATES CLOSED
Coursing to Be Conducted
on but One Field for
an Indefinite Period
The struggle between the Greyhound
Owners' Association and tne managers
of the two parks in this district, which
has been in progress for some time,
has at last reached an acute stage. As
a result there will be no coursing at
Ingleside Park to-day and it is an
nounced the gates will -remain closed
for an Indefinite period. Union Park
will continue to run with greyhounds
owned by men not affiliated with the
association.
Affairs had reached a point where
the owners of greyhounds assumed
the right to dictate the value of prizes,
the class of stakes to be run, what
greyhounds should start In them and
the character of the penalty to be im
posed for violation of the rules. As
this left little authority for the park
owners or for the governing body of
the sport they made a stand for the
right to conduct their -business in their
own way.
It Is claimed by the members of the
association that certain proceedings
which precipitated the trouble were
not taken in their meetings. The of
ficials are charged with having ex
ceeded their authority, especially in
suspending certain men, thus making
It Impossible for them to run dogs-
The trouble arose originally over the
payment of a 25-cent admission at the
Union Park gate when the John Grace
cup was run. This admission has been
exacted for ten years and the money
added by the park was based on a cer
tain take at the gate. Five of the
many owners who paid were singled
out for punishment. The park insisted
on their paying and the association
then asked the park officials to. punish
these men for paying.
The park officials have refused to en
tertain this request and .have an
nounced they will not accedt to it if
there is never a blanket taken off a
greyhound in California.
With one park . running ; one day a
week at this season only fifty-six dogs
can be accepted each week. One hun
dred and twelve dogs can be, run in
two days and 168 in three days. As
there are more than three hundred
/dogs in regular training a large num
ber must be left out each week. This
means the poorer dogs will be a burden
to their owners. It has been said of
horseracing that it is the greatest sport
in the world and the worst business.
The same applies to coursing. The
man who depends on a few greyhounds
earning him a livelihood is on the
wrong tack. Competition is keen and
the favor of the hare or some trivial
thing brings about the defeat of a dog
considered a sure winner.
The coursing at Union Park.to-mor
row will be provided by two stakes, a
class and a reserve. Judge P. 'J. Rellly
has recovered from his recent Illness
and will officiate in the saddle. The
likely winners:
Clafs rtake — McVey, ' Barge. Belle Free. The
Referee. Richard Anton, Lost Chord, Carlo w
Boy. J E H.
Reserve stake — Medea. Miss Lucille, Texas
Mamie. Texas Blackllps. Aeoius, . Rich Ar
ray. Rabjr Aurora, Tamora, Sherman, Belle
I Marie. Jlramaroo. Quicksand, Racing Auto,
Texas Hoo Hoo. Graceful Carmen. Lancashire
Lad. Presto, Cranberry Sauce, Forest Fire,
Muggiy. , • i.-. -..--;^
Woods to Fifirht Weller.
Billy Woods, the Los Angeles mid
dle-weight, has been matched to box
Bert Weller'at Stockton on the night
of the 19th inst. before! the San Joa
quin Athletic Club. The men will box
at catch weights and are to go twenty
rounds. Weller is a new arrival from
Nevada. He has done ■ considerable
milling around Salt Lake " and Den
ver. He outweighs " Woods several
pounds and is said to be a vicious
puncher. Woods Is doing his training
at West Oakland. He will Join hia
stablemate, Bobby Johnson, at Stock
ten in a few days.
near at the time and with the assist
ance of the bystanders he righted the
machine and the imprisoned occu
pants were dragged out. Mrs. Lockie
was insensible and was taken to the
hospital in an ambulance. The others
were uninjured save for a few scratches.
PENALTIES FOR SHIPPERS.— An order is
sued October 29 by the Panama Minister. of Fi
nance fixes the penalty, for shipping goods to
Panama ports without certification by consuls
of that country of a fine equal to . doublo the
amount of " the fee for > consular certiflcatlcn
and the. amount due for the commercial tax.
Consuls may not certify invoices after the' da.y
ol ealllnr. . - .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY; DECEMBER 10,, 1904;
While Tommy Burns, Shaw and some
of the other old timers are absent this
winter, a more promising collection of
lightweights and apprentices were sel
dom seen on any race course than are
now assembled at Oakland track.
, "Big Bill" Knapp Is an established
favorite, for he has appeared on the lo
cal tracks In ■ past seasons. Knapp's
honesty has never been questioned, and
he is assured of a welcome from the
crowds, when first past the wire astride
a winner. . -
Gene Hildebrand, the new idol of the
turf, rode a few races. here soon after
the inception of the racing season,
when he departed for Los Angeles. He
is tinder contract to ride the horses
owned by "Plunger" Joe Teager. ' .
From obscurity W. Davis sprang into
prominence with a single bound on the
New York tracks the past summer. The
services of Davis were secured by W.
B. Jennings for the California winter
campaign, and the youthful rider is
making good with a vengeance at Oak
land. He and Knapp head the list of
winning jockeys.
All of the old timers remember "Dare
Devil" Fitzpatrlck and much interest is
awakened in the progress of his son,
now under contract to ride for Jimmy
Coffey. Some days ago "Fitz" had a
severe fall while piloting Ocyrohe in a
race, and has been on the ground for a
time. ; .
, Possibly the efforts of "Mickey" Me-
Laughlin lack polish and are yet in the
rough, but Mickey is persevering and
deserves to meet with success. One of
his faults is eagerness to reach the wire
in too great a hurry, but this may not
be such a great fault after all. . --.\
Sam Greenfield is another "youngster
who Is bound to make a name for him
self. Travers and Larsen ' are fast
reaching the top rung of , the ladder.
Oakland race-goerB cannot complain of
a paucity of riding talent. "" '
SCOTTISH BOWLERS KEEP
UP THEIR PRACTICE GA3IES
Difficulty Is Experienced in Having
Them Play Off Their Matches
" In Tournaments.
The Scottish bowlers will, if pos
sible, finish the doubles tournament to
day at Golden Gate Park. This event
was started several months ago,' but
has dragged along from week to week.
The players seem to prefer practice
games to tournament play. Secretary
Colquohoun of- the San Francisco
Scottish Bowling Club has sent notices
to the members requesting them to be
present on the gTeen^to-day so' that
the touranment can , be disposed of.
' In the lower, half J. C. Moffatt j^nd
T. Millar have qualified for the finals.
There is still a / preliminary • round
match to be played inthe upper, half.
In it Robert Park and .Wallace Cook
will. meet W. R. Eaton and E. C.Me
deau. The winner-, of this match will
play M. L. Crowe and H. L.;.Tickner.
The winner of this " will .go into the
eeml-flna 1 and play the winner J of the
match between -David O'Brien and^ Y.
C. Lawson and Andrew Wilkie and
James Gray. - •; . ' *
Do You Want a Trunk
At a moderate price? One that looks good
and Is good? or a traveling set? We have
them all In the best material and lowest
prices. Sanborn,' Vail & Co., 741 Market
street. *
SOME OF THE CLEVER JOCKEYS WHCX^RH RIDING ON THE TRACKS HERB
THIS SEASON. MAKING THE CLASS TDF THE RIDERS COMPARE FAVOR
ABLY WITH THAT OF FORMER YEARS.
CRICKETING MEN
PLAN A SMOKER
Championship Emblem Will
Be Presented to Winning
Eleven of Past Season
Early in the week a meeting: of the
California Cricket Association was
held in this city, at which there were
present G. Harold Ward, delegate of
thn Alameda Club,, in the chair; W.
H. McNaughton, his co-delegate; Dr.
O. N. Taylor, delegate of the -Pacific
Cricket Club; Henry Roberts, 1 delegate
of the San Francisco County, Cricket
Club, and Arthur Inkersley, seqretary
treasurer of the association.
It was decided to wait until the an
nual election of 1905 before choosing
a successor to the late Edward Brown,
•president of. the association. It was
announced that the cricketers may fee!
reasonably sure of being able to retain
the ground at Webster Road, Ala
meda, for. next season's games, and
that another ground could be obtained,
if necessary, in Alameda. •'.,..'
It was decided to hold a smoking
concert in this city on Saturday even
ing, January 14, when the champion
ship emblem will j be presented to the
San Francisco County Club, winners
of 1904. G. H. Ward, chairman; Dr.
O. N. Taylor, . W. Hf McNaughton,
Henry Roberts, A. W. Wilding and J.
D. Robertson were appointed to se
cure fa hall -and look after.. the details
of the , entertainment; It is proposed
to' issue tickets to *be .sold, at as mod
erate a price as is found possible. .:
The secretary reported that he had
written to Major Wardill, manager of
the Australian eleven of 1905, express
ing the hope that a match may be ar
ranged between the visitors from '■ the
Antipodes . and • a * California : team > of
eighteen or twenty-two. -It was point
ed out that the number of people tak
lng. v an interest in cricket in California
being, small it* is 1 not possible to .take
In any: large sum at the gates, but that
the California Cricket Association iwill
be ready-' to^ turn over almost the en-
LADIES RESUME
PLAY ON LINKS
Handicap Against "Bogey"
Is Scheduled for .Tuesday
on • the' Presidio Course
MANY. EVENTS PLANNED
First Struggle of Season
for CounciFs Cup for
Women Follows Christmas
The second event on the schedule of
the Women's Annex of the San Fran
cisco Golf and Country , Club will be
held on Tuesday morning, the 13th inst.,
on the Presidio course, play beginning
at 9:30 a. m. It is a handicap over
eighteen holes, match . play, against
"bogey." ;v
The handicap tournament, match
play, the qualifying round of which was
played by the men of the San Francisco
Golf and Country Club on Thanksgiv
ing day. is nearing its completion. The
two matches in the semi-final round
were between R. I. Bentley and Dr.
J. R. Clark, the former winning 2 up
and 1 to play, ands between Worthing
ton Ames and R. G. Hanford. Ames
has a handicap of ten and Hanford a
handicap of eight strokes on. the eight
een holes, these being the handicaps
they received in the qualifying round.
It amounts to Ames receiving two
strokes from Hanford. The winner of
the Ames-Hanford match will play in
the final round against R. I. Bentley,
whose handicap is eight. Dr. J. R.
Clark was expected to beat Bentley,
but the latter is playing too well at
present for the doctor to be able to
give him seven strokes, as he had to do.
On Tuesday morning, the 27th inst.,
the ladies of the San Francisco Golf
and Country Club will play the qualify
ing round over eighteen Holes, medal
play, of the first competition held dur
ing the present season for the Council's
Cup for women/ The first round of
matches among the eight who qualify
will take-place on Wednesday morning,
the 28th, the semi-final round on Thurs
day morning and the final round on
Friday morning.
In the month of January, 1905, there
will be two - competitions • among the
ladies. On Tuesday, January- 10, there
will be a driving, approaching and
putting contest, and on January 24 -a
handicap over eighteen holes, medal
play. .
In the month of February there will
be two competitions. On Tuesday
morning, the 7th, the qualifying round
for the second contest for the Council's
Cup for .women will be held. The eight
ladles who -hand in the lowest medal
scores will take part" in' the first round
of match play on Wednesday morning,
the 8th. The four winners will play~in
the semi-final . round on Thursday
morning, the 9th. The final round will
be played on Friday morning, the 10th.
The winner's name, with the date, will
be engraved on the silver trophy, the
lady who first wins three competitions
capturing the cup for good. On Tues
day, February 21, there will be women's
foursomes, over eighteen holes, medal
play. The last competitions set down
on the schedule will be held in April.
Harry Vardon, the famous profes
sional golfer, has gone into - a sani
tarium on the English" coast for the
open air treatment of consumption, and
will remain- there for two or three
months. He was seriously ill after the'
open championship contest of 1903,
which he won, and is taking the course
of treatment now as a matter of pre
caution.V He has been preparing a book
on golf, which . Is expected to be pub
lished soon.
!.«. ; ' ■ - - ' . .
tire net receipts, after the payment of
necessary expenses, to the Australians.
Of course, it is not possible to gather
a Californlan team." that would, have
any chance against an Australian
eleven, but an interesting game might
be ..played. Certainly all cricketers
here would like to see such a match.
Anxious ' About Boy Hunters.
STOCKTON, Dec. 9.— Anxiety is felt
here concerning.; the fate , of Louis
Freitas and a companion named Mar
tin. The two s boys,* who are 16 and 15
years of age respectively, left - in a
small boat yesterday ; morning on a
hunting trip down the river, intending
to return in the evening.' They have
not yet put in an appearance. and it is
feared they .may have > been drowned.
TENNIS PLAYERS TRAINING
FOR DOUBLES TOURNAMENT
Enthusiasts of Golden Gate Park
Have No Games Scheduled.
Standing of California Club Members
Aside from the continuous tennl3
tournament the only event of any size
or importance scheduled for this
month is the scratch doubles tourna
ment to be played Christmas day on
the California Club courts. The
Golden Gate Club will hold no tourna
ments until after the first of the year.
The boys of the Junion Club will prob
ably play each week, while the ladies
will meet once before the end of the
year: i
In the Christmas day tourney all of
the California Club cracks will com
pete- The affair will prove unusually
interesting because of the fact the
players will draw for partners. It has
not as yet been decided whether the
players will be divided into two sec
tions. ThiB would result in a good
and a poor player joining forces. Most
of the players seam to favor the
straight draw, arguing that as it is to
be a game of chance, make it such as
far as possible.
The continuous tournament is prov
ing popular and the players are taking
a great interest in It. The event was
started last Sunday, but already there
have been numerous changes. Many
challenges are posted on the board
and many more will go up to-day and
to-morrow, when a number of matches
will be played.
The tournament is a novelty to most
of the players, who are somewhat con
fused as to the rules. It will be neces
sary for the tournament committee to
post a set of well-deflned rules on the
bulletin board if things are to run
smoothly.
The first two men to change places
were Will Collier and B. F. NourseJ
They met on Sunday and Collier won
In straight sets. He is now No. 4,
while Nourse goes back to No. 5.
DUCKS ARE PLENTIFUL
Sportsmen Find IdBaL Shooting ' Conditions
The sportsmen who find their chief
pleasure at this season of the year in
the exhilarating pastime of duck-shoot
ing are enthusiastic over the sport they
enjoyed last Sunday and of the promise
of more to come. T*he future sport,
however, hinges on the weather. That
of the past week was Ideal until the
rain came. A continuance of the rain
will tend to scatter the ducks. If the
rain keeps off the shooting is expected
to prove the best in many years, the
ducks working well for the guns in
cold, clear weather.
The northern flight of canvas backs
has set In In earnest and the royal
birds are found in great numbers in
Tomales Bay, Point Reyes, Sulsun and
Richardson's Bay. " The honkers and
gray geese are also here in numbers,
which indicate they were driven out of
the north by the extreme cold.
Al. Cumming had a great shoot on
Wednesday, of which some of his
friends received reminders in the shape
of some splendid mallards. The birds
were big and fat and in fine condition.
William Wattles secured a bag of
thirty birds on Tuesday near Collins
ville. .. >
Webb, Kauman and Watson killed
sixty ducks at the W. M. C. preserve
last Sunday.
James Bannertyne killed nineteen
"cans" from a floating blind at Giant
some days since.
Messrs. Carlson, Muller, Astranda and
Bell each secured limit .bags last Sun
day at Alvarada. The birds were sprig,
teal and spoonies.
Emil Holling and two friends shot at
Alvarado on Wednesday and all se
cured the limit of fifty.
. A meeting of the California Rod and
Gun Clubs' Association, an organiza
tion composed of the various shooting
and fishing clubs owning preserves in
the State, has been called for the pur
pose of discussing amendments to the
game laws which have been proposed
for submission to the next session, of
the California Legislature. The meet
ing will be held 'at the rooms of the as-
NEWTON FOOLS
FISHER'S TIGERS
Shuts Out the Jungle Imps,
Allowing Them but Two
Hits During Fast Game
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 9.— Newton
pitched a splendid game to-day. This,
with errorless support behind him, shut
Tacoraa out, with but two hits to their
credit. He struck out five men and al
lowed no bases on balls. Los Angeles
bunched, their hits on Thomas in the
first and fifth innings, scoring three
runs and winning the game. The game
was played In one hour and ten min
utes. Score: V?
• Los Angeles — • 1 Tacoma —
AB.R.H.P.A. . ARR. H. P.A.
Hldbd. If 4 2 4 O 0|DoyIe. cf 4 0 0 0 O
Flood. 2b 3,1 2 5 2 Shay, a.. 4 0 0 3 1
Crvath.rf 2 0 1 10 Shehn, 3b 3 0 0 1 S
Smith, 3b 3 O'l'O 3iNrdyk.lb 3 0 0 10 0
Chase, cf 4 0 0 3 OM'LJn, If 3 0 1 2 0
Brshr, Ib3 0 0 13 l'Raymr,2b3 0 0 5 3
Toman, s 1 0 0 0 5 Orhm.rf-c 3 0 0 0 1
Spies c. . 3 0 0.4 1 Hogn.c-rf 30031
Newton, p 3 0 0 1 1 Thomas.p 3 0 10 4
Totals.28 3 8 27 13 Totals. 20 O 2 24 15
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles 20001000 x — 3
Base hits 32002010 x— 8
Tacoma .0 00 0 0 0 0 0 0—0
Base hits. 0.0 0 0 110 0 0—2
SUMMART.* ,
Stolen bases — Cravath. Smith." Sacrifice hit
. Cravath.' First base on errors — Los Angeles
5. Left on bases — Los Angeles 5. Tacoma 2.
Bases on balls — Off Thomas 5. Struck, out — By
Newton 5. by Thomas 1. Hit by pitcher — To
man.' Time of game — One hour and ten min
utes. Umpire — McDonald.
CUTTING AFFRAY AMONG SOLDIERS.—
Sergeant Coogan and Policeman P. I* Smith
found Fred Gallenback of tne Coast Artillery
at Fdtiy and Mason streets early yesterday
morning bleeding from wounds on his right
arm and his face. He told them he had been
mixed up in a fight among soldiers at Market
and Powell ' streets ' and that Corporal Smith
had cut . him with a knife. He refused to
prosecute Smith, who, however, could not be
found. Gallenback was sent to the Central
Emergency Hospital.
On Tuesday George Busch. who was
No. 8, beat Herbert Long, who was
In seventh position.. The players ex
changed places. The match was ex
ceedingly close. Of the first two sets
each player took one rather easiiy.
The third and deciding set was close,
going to Busch by an S-6 score.
On Thursday Harry Rolfe, who was
No. 9, met and defeated Busch, who
was in seventh place. Long was No.
8. Rolfe's victory over Buach put3
him in seventh position. Busch is No.
8 and Long drops back to No. 9.
The question now arises as to
whether Long should beat Busch be
fore he has a right to play Rolfe.
13usch has beaten Long and Rolfe has
beaten Busch, but Rolfe and Long
have not met. The committee will
decide this matter to-day.
Two matches were played in the
third class during the week. On Tues
day Al Kenyon, No. 4, beat Dr. Love
grove, No. 3. Kenyon won in straight
sets, the score being 6-1, 7-5.
On Wednesday George Cutter, No.
2. beat Al Kenyon, No. 3. The match
went two sets out of three. Kenyon
won the first set easily, the score being
C-l. Cutter won the second by a simi
lar score. The deciding set he won,
6-3.
The standing of the players follows:
First class— t. R. B. Cornell; 2. Dr. Bu«h:
5 G Janes; 4. W. Collier- 5. B. Nourao; 6.
Ray Spllvalo- 7, H. Rolfe; 8. G. Busch; 9 H.
Loi.g; 10. Mr. Allen; 11. M. Johnson: 12. C.
J. Smith; 13, F. Mitchell; 14. C. Gardner; 15.
5. H. Adam*.
Second class — t. A. Beyfuss: 2. D. V. Moor«;
3, M. Long: 4. P. Jones; 5. H. Gabriel.
Third class — 1, M. Warner; 2 O. Cutter: 3.
A. Kenyon; 4, Dr. Lovegrove; 5. H. Punnett;
6. S. Grant; 7, S. Hopkins; 8. C. Kuehn; 9.
Dr. Younser.
Fourth class — 1, Judge Troutt; 2, H. Lund:
3. H Sullivan: 4. B. Ivancovlcn: B, Dr. Noble;
6 M. Little; 7, H. Sprtns: 8. H. McAfee; J).
E Robblna; 10. W. Murphy: 11. C. Ravlin:
13, \V. Knowlton.
sociation in the Mills building on Fri
day evening, December 16, at 8 o'clock.
The association has •» large member
ship and it is expected a full discus
sion of the proposed laws will take
place as every member is interested in
fish and game protection.
Down at Alviso the most of thn
birds are being secured by men who
have a boatman skull them along the
sloughs.
, For tha first time this year the
members of the Field and Tule Club
secured limit bag3 last Sunday.
Among the men in the blind3 were
A. M. Shields. William Bay. John
Coleman, Frank V. Bell and others.
The members of the Family Club,
who have the former preserve of the
Canvasback Club, had excellent shoot-
Ing. Six members bagged 300 ducks.
Phil Bekearfr and a guest had a Joint
bag of 100 s:>rig.
The members of the Ibis Club were
also among the successful ones on the
marsh, all securing the limit. -
Otto Feudner and Ed Wands shot
on some private ponds outside Sui
sun.
Jim Maynard. L. M. Gray and Mr.
Scrutton had the highest Quality of
shooting on the famous Stewart Pond.
W. J. Hynes. who has tha preserve
formerly owned by Charles L. Fair,
had as guests last Sunday W. Jansen
and Julius Bruns. The joint bag was
ninety birds, made up of "cans," mal
lard and sris.
The shooting around San Pablo
was excellent. W. L. Gerstle was one
of the fortunates to bring down fifty
birds.
E. J. Kaplan spent Monday at Colu
sa. He says the geese were so num
erous as to obscure the sun. They
were moving about in countless
thousands. The ducks were also seen
in great numbers.
A sportsman recently returned from,
Mendota, Fresno County, says he
thought all the sprig in the world
were feeding on the overflowed lands
down there from the vast number ho
saw during a drive through the coun
try.
BIG SHIPYARD
IN DIFFICULTY
Company That Built Cruiser
Denver Places Affairs in
the Hands of a Keceiver
PHILADELPHIA, Dec. S.— John W.
Grange to-day was appointed receiver
for the Neafle & Levy Shipbuilding
Company, one of the oldest concerns of
the kind in the country. The company
recently completed the cruiser Denver.
It is understood that the financial loss
on work for the Government caused the
embarrassment of the company.
The company's attorneys say that the
assets of the concern far exceed the lia
bilities, but are not at present avail
able. The concern will be rehabilitated
and continue business as heretofore.
The Neafle & Levy Company has
done and is doing much work for the
Lnited States Government. The pro
tected cruiser St. Louis Is now two
thirds completed. Besides this thecom
?? n K> M C i. eEtly rece i v *d contracts for
the building of three steel tugs for the
Government. The company has built
f£T e J a^. tc " rpedo boats an(J recently fin
ished the cruiser Denver. The plant is
also doing much private work
• The money expended on the construe
« of the St. Louis, which will event
ually b e returned to the company when
the Government pays for the cruiser, is
given as the principal cause for tha
present difficulties.
Merchants' Association Meets.
At a meeting of the Merchants' As
sociation held yesterday resolutions
were adopted requesting the Califor
nia delegation in Congress to use .its
best efforts to secure an appropriation
for dredging a twenty-flve foot chan
nel from the bay waters to Brooklyn
Basin and to induce the Postmaster
General to install a pneumatic tTSibe
mall service in this city for tha use cf
,the business community.NELSON IN TRAINING
FOR IMPORTANT RING ENGAGEMENT IN THE PAVILION WITH JUMMY BRITT
THE WINNER OF WHICH WILL BE HAILED AS THE LIGHTWEIGHT CHAMPION
FOUNTAIN'S VICTORY ON HOOLIGAN IS POPULAR
BY FRED E. MULHOLLAND.
When Lloyd Fountain came breeding
past the judges on his father's two
ycav-tKu Hooligan, winner of the ihird
event , at Oakland yesterday, he re
ceived an ovation almost equal to that
tendered the successful horse and rider
in an American Derby.
Hooligan was backed down in the
■ betting trom fours to 2r4 to 1 favorit
ifin. and threo furlongs from the stand
a ticket on him looked about as valu
able as a return door check at Spider
Kelly's ball; Absolutely last, younj;
Fountain began throwing out ballast,
scaring around the bunch entering the
stretch, and soon after he drew his
« hip.
One by one he passed al! but Bull
ir.an on Squire Johnson. For an instant
it looked as if the veteran mi&ht out
.finish the younger rider, but Hooligan
eimply tim armed in first, winning by a
length going away. The big crowd then
cheered the winner for nearly five min
utes. . From a grood beginning out in
front Smithy Kane, the opening favor- j
lie. faded to nothing.
FAST TIMi: IS MADE.
Although the rain left the track in a |
•loppy condition, the time for a couple |
of the races was remarkably fast. Fa- |
vorites fared badly. Hooligan alone
scoring.
Probably the defeat of Garnet Fer
guson's colt The Mighty, after having
a. row of nine straight victories to his
credit, caused the greatest surprise.
The Mighty ruled favorite for the flve
furlong scramble, and finished second j
to the two-year-old Pelham, a 10 to 1
£hot. The latter, cleverly handled by
Kunz. raced A. B. Cook off his leg?.
e,nd with a severe shaking up opposite
the j>addock downed the first choice a
couple of lengths. Show honors went
to Andrew B. Cook.
Gil Summers tried blinkers on Robert
Mitchell. At odds of 12 to 1 and rid
den by Larsen. the colt took the open
ing rprint for maiden two-year-olds,
buck-jumping from Rossbourne. Tho.
Jatter's price dropped from 10 to 6.
Fisher Boy, a 30 to 1, shot, nosed
out Bearskin for the, show. Andvari,
the even money favorite, did not have
ppeed enough to carry him a quarter of
a mile.
IXVIN'G TORPEDO A WINNER.
Minder certainly did all he could to
put Allopath over the plate winner of
the mile and seventy -yard number. The
mare was heavily played at 6 to 5, and
after blazing the way for half a mile,
pave up the lead to old Flying Torpedo,
a- 9 to 1 chance. Helgesen on Galan
thus made a bid for ii in the stretch,
but Torpedo held him safe, winning
handily. The show went to Scherzo.
With Mansard scratched from the
lifth. Matt Hogan. the mount of Bull
man, was installed favorite. The old
gelding strung along with H. L. Frank
to the stretch, and then blew up, run
ning unplaced. H. L. Frank stood a
hard drive from the time the barrier
was released, only to be nosed out by
Davis astride Jiomiiine, the second
< hoic-e. Michaels brought Little Wally
along from the. rear, almost overhauling
the tiring leadens, losing by a head
only.
\V. Davis on G. W. Trahern von the
ci'ising number, a mile and a furlong
sailing run. by outfinishing Sherwood,
who piloted Royalty. Who-a Bill, which
was backed to favoritism, bled and
Travers pulled him up on the back
stretch. G.-\V. Trahern and Royalty
had it hammer and tongs the last six
teenth. Davis earning the verdict by a
neck. Michaels finis-hed third with the
poorly handled Major Mar.sir.
TRACK .VOTES.
• . Robert Mitchell won unbacked by
hi? stable connections.
C. B. Walters and Ben Burk*», two
well-known New York bookmakers,
•reached here yesterday.
Bomalne was bid up from $1000 to
.J!<00 by M. J. Sheehan, trainer of
Headwater. W. Seharetg protected his
horse. Sheehan then claimed H. L.
Frank for I12ZS from D. Cameron.
." The twenty-one superbly bred year
ling from the Hopland farm of Burns
Ar Waterhouse will be so-ld this morning
at '10:30. Billy Magxane will fill the
auctioneer's stand. The youngsters
xvi!l be shown and will be knocked
down to the highest bidder at the
firm's spacious stable. The sires rep
resented are Altamax, Eddie Jones,
Colonel Wheeler. Take Notice, First
Tenor and Figaro.
GIVES UP HOME
TO COVER LOSS
OAKLAND. Dec. P.— Because a trust
ed emdoye of the San Francisco Mint
proved false to his duty Frank A.
3>ach, Strnerintendent of the Mint, has
been forced to deed his Oakland home
to the Fidelity and Deposit Company
of Maryland to indemnify that corpora
tion in part for $30,000, which the com
pany was forced to pay to the United
States Government to make good the
stealings of \V. H. Dimmick, former
chief clerk of the Mint, now serving a
term in the penitentiary.
The surety company furnished bonds
for Dimmick, W. K. Cole, cashier of
the Mint, and Frank A. Leach, the
superintendent. VHien Dimmick's de
falcation was discovered it was com
pelled to make good the amount to the
Government. After settling with the
Government the Fidelity and Deposit
Company sued \V. K. Cole, the cashier
of -the Mint, on the ground that, as the
legal custodian of the money, he was
responsible fcr its loss. At the trial It
> as? shown that Cole was not the im
mediate custodian of the funds. The
company then held Mr. Leach respon
sible for the amount they had paid the
Federal Government over and above
the $5000 for which they had insured
Dimmick. or a balance of $25,000. In
irder to pay the full amount of this
♦ laim Mr. Leach has deeded his home
in -this city to the company, the deed
being: placed on deposit pending the ac
tion of the Federal Government.
A similar case happened at the Car-
Fon.Alint twelve years ago. A deputy
defaulted and the suncrintendent was
forced to make Rood the amount to the
Government. At the last session of
ConKTC-ss a relief bill wclr passed re
•storins the money to the superintend
ent, but as he is now dead the money
wap raid to hi<? hoirs. It has been pro
posed that a similar bill be presented
4o Cnr.grevs for the relief of Mr..Leach.
6-s the sufl!:' clerk is now suffering
punishment for his crime.
!:r!»l3:xs Clf* !is ami Caiuilestlrks
«„•'•( <-;k- «.f nur clocks, tho qcalnt pold
m cir.(f thai .'very one wants, or a sola
CftjtdJeytick. >ev.v! c.?.^ or ink rtand for a
.'.ice i-ru"! not pyx, rsivA Christmas \nex
< r.t. ::::::;> .r?.. V«il /. 4>.. 741 Market St.*
. ELECTION nr.JIArCt.S IIEADT.— RejrlelVvir
/?:■;■- will hf i«re:wrKj ro-<!ay to deliver th«
«mc-<l.-»j -.^'arj- iIpibhikIs of thf <lo<-lion olCcer*
who t-ei\e£ s.l ii^f lait tl.tiloa.
Kunz, With the Two- Year-Old Pel
ham, Beats The Mighty.
HORSES APT
TO REACH THE
WIRE FIRST
I BY FHEB- E. MULHOLLAND.
First race — Budd Wade, Meis- I
tcreiriger. Augie.
Second race — Sea Air, Hooli.
Can, Yada.
Third race — Sad Snm, Sir
Preston, W. R. Condon.
Fourth race— Jennings* sta
ble. Claude. Ananias.
, Fifth rare — Hugh McGowan,
, Bronze Whig, Follow Me.
j Sixth rocr — Briers, Colonel
I Vau, Xorthwesu
i
ELKS WILL CROSS BATS
IX AID OF C1IAKITY FUND
San Francisco and Oakland Lodges
to Mooi This Afternoon at i
Idora Park. * I
OAKLAND. Dec. 9.— In order that j
the poor families of Oakland may en- j
joy some of the good things of Christ- |
mas time the officers of the San Fran
cisco and Oakland lodges of Elks will j
meet on the diamond at Idora Park
to-morrow to decide which is entitled
to the baseball championship of the
l>ay cities. Weather permitting, the
game will begin at 2:30 p. m. and the
advance sale of tickets insures a big
crowd. Already more than 3000
tickets have been sold. The San Fran-?
I Cisco team will bring a large delega
tion of rooters from the Foggy City
to encourage them in their quest for
Oakland scalps.
The officers of the local lodge prom
ise to send the invaders home with a
goose egg at the close of the game.
Several Oakland Elks will dispense
peanuts and soda water at the game
I and will be reinforced by prominent
members of the San Francisco herd.
Both team's have been practicing
hard for the game and it should be
fast and snappy. John Partridge,
exalted ruler of San Francisco Lodge
No. 3. will pitch for his team, and
James M. Shanley. exalted ruler of
Oakland Lodge No. 171, will twirl for
the local aggregation. Charles Beck,
\ San Francisco, and J. H. Steiger. Oak-
Uind. will alternate in calling balls and
strikes and it is rumored that both
will wear armor.
The line-up of the teams is as fol
lows:
Oakland
No. 171. Positions. P. F. No. 3.
Hill Dunlcavy C Park" Wilnon
Jim :-5hnn!»y P Jack Partridge
O. Hutchinson lb Harry Wilber
OfrrF* Frick 2b Ed Clark
Van Britton 3b Abbott
Rev. C. Shaw b« Herman Cordes
l>r. Halsey L..F Jcnes
T>. McLau*hlin...O\F Manning
A. K. Fhaw H.F *...H. Kohn
Ben Striker Kmplre Charles Beck
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHAET
OAKLAND — Friday. Dec. 9. Weather showery. Track muddy.
T.nSO. FIRST RACE— Futurity course; selling; maiden two-year-old colts and geldings; $325
: Index! Hcrxe and Owner. |TV*t|8t. J4 . ft. %. Btr. FID. | Jockey. | Opt d. f
7473 iRob Mitchell < Summers Co). .' 109 2 ..'. IS 13 15 13 !L*rs«n : 10 12
7517 jliosubourne <E. Wri<jht) 106 «... 62 3n 32 23 Kunz 6 5
7<.".<> IFieKr Boy (E. E. Burnett).. i(^ 7 ... 2 1 2 4 2 2>i3 nil lTravers ... 30-30
7527 iBearskln <F. Pkinm-r & Co).. 1M 4 ... 5 n 6 i£ 5 2 4 h H. Michels . 6_- >. 8
73:55 I Herthus <V. Gilbert) Ift7 3 ... 4 % 4 n 4 n 5 1H Loague ... 5 8
7M7 'r?an Jo«t (G. W. Wilson) 101 1 ... 71 73 73 «« Taylor 15 40
74.V) iAndvarl (Mm. K. Knapp) 110 5 ... 3 l'^.i l»/4« 2 7 2^j W. Knapp «W4 1
1 7414 [Calculate tnUftlnpame Bros).. 103 8 ... 8*182 81 8n jCropgwalte 50 60
7.*»27 IR. gweeprtakes <Mrs. Miller) 0? 9 ... 9 » » P | Wiley ..... 60 1*X>
Time— :25. :.V>^. 1:13V». At post U minute. Off at 2:12V{. Mitchell, place. 4: show, 2.
Rcystymrne, place, 2; show. 4-ft. Boy, show. 4. Winner, b. c. by Klsmet-Carrle Dare.
Twined by G. Summers. Scratched^ — Ding Dong II. Stnrt rood. Won easily. Balance
driving. Winner wore blinkers and 6howed marked Improvement. Roashourne also ran
with blinkers. Bearskin a slow beginner. Andvitrl had no SDeed.
7.14O. SECOND RACE — On* mile and seventy yards: selling; three-year-olds and up; $325.
Indfxj Horse and Owner. IWtiSt. hi. V,. \. Etr. Fin. Jockey, j Op. Cl.
7.'.29 iFIying Torpedo, fl (L.. H.Exell) 111! 5 2%21 13 13 14 Andertson » 7
7516 iGalanthus. 0 (Mrs. J. Coffey) 106 ti 4 H »! % 4 2V.5 .'. :■ U s Helgesen .. 4 S
7510 'Scherzo. 3 (Pueblo Sta.ble).. lt»6 8 » 1»47 3 5 n 2 n 3 h H. Michels 10 v H
7532 (Allopath. 5 (Lamasn-y Bros).. 1071 3 1 H 1 V. 2 % 4 n 4 2 Minder .... 0-5 6-5
7514 iChtckaii«H>. 6 (F. Whitman)... IC8 10 6 2 3 1 3 h 3 ft 5 S Ru*m11 16 30
732S Lib Candid. 3 (Appleby Co).. 89 7 5 n 5^62 6 n C 3J4jTraver« ... 15 13
7510 iTsnnhauser, 5 (M. J. Hayes).. »S 4 7 h 0 1 11 11 7 n [J. Hayes... IB li
7506 (Petrolia, 4 (Belknap A Co).. 103 11 10 n 11 S n 9 n 8 3 IW. Davis.. 6 15
7501 jAchi!Ie«. 5 «J. J. McOabe) 110 2 SnlOl S^Rh 02 (Bell 25 40
7.119 [Ethel G, 3 (E. Delmont) 100 1- 3 n 4 h 10 ij 7 2 10 2 JMcLaughn 30 50
74H2 iGaucho. 3 <Garden City Stb) 10S 0 11 S 1 7 h 10 2 11 IT. Clark... 30 60
Tim-— :25. :50. 1:16«4. 1:44. 1:4«?;. At post 2 minutes. Off at 2:38^. Torpedo, place, 6-2;
show. 6-5. Galanthus, place. 3; show, 7-5. Scherzo, show. fl-5. . Winner, eh. g. by Han
over-Gypsy. Trained by L. H. EZell. Scratched — Oscar Tolle, Mistletlde, Morengo, Con-.
staMe. Start good. Wen easing up. Balance driving hard. Torpedo rao*d Allopath
into subjection and easily held Galanthus safe. Chickadee displayed some speed. Pe
trclia won't do.
7541. THIRD RACE— Six furlonrs: purse; two-year-olds; value to first. |325. • /
Index! Home and Owner. |Wt|St. H. vT. %. tit. Fin. I Jockey. I Op. cTT
7525 Hooligan (D. S. Fountain). . 107 8 ... 9 6 1 '4<5 h 1 1 \U Fountain .4 6-2
7450 Squire Johnson <Mrs. Miller) 110 2 ... 2 M 3 3 H 2 2H|Bullman .. 5 6
7524 Com Blossom (H. E. Rowell) 110 « ... 3 1 ij2 »j 3 2 3 1Vi|Traver a ••• 6. 12
7336 Head Dance (C. T. Henshall) 110 4 ... 6 3. 7 n 72 4 5 iKunz 6 15
(7511)jPiatt (Stevens & Son) 1101 3 ... 5 2|J5 3 4 1 5 1»4[W. Knapp.. 6 U
(7-UJSijCallaghan (J. C. Xcalon) 110 5 ... 4n 42 5h 6 2 >i! Helgesen .. 10 15-2
(74Wi)!Fmithy Kane (Hall & Mrshl) 107 1 ... 13 13 In 71 (Sherwood ..3 4
751 7 SaJable (Blasinzame Bros.).. 107 7 ... 7 l»jS 2^8 3 8 3 (CroFSwalts 10 15
(V49S)|Llllltus (J. Hackett) 110 0 ... 8 IP 0 ,9 |Vlckery ... 15 12
Time— :24. :i». 1:15. At post 1 minute. Off at 3:07%. Hooligan, place, 6-5;"
show. 3-5. Johnson, place, 2; show, 1. Blossom, show, 2. Winner, b. g. by Eddie Jones-
Hoolou. Trained by D. S. Fountain. Scratched — Phalanx, Big Beach, Golden Buck,
Cardinal Sarto. Estella. J. Start good. 'Wen driving: and going away. Balance driving
hard. Hooligan could not keep up the first part, but when Fountain drew the whip
ho gobbled up his company. Squire Johnson is shifty In heavy going. Corn Blossom
ran his race. Smithy Kane stopped to a walk in the stretch. Llllltus away poorly.
7542. FOURTH RACE— Five furlongs; purse; all ages; value to first, |325.
Index! Hozse and Owner. (Wl'Sl. h*. %. %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op. Cl.
♦ 752r.)iPelham. 2 (C. T. Henshall). 91 2 ... 2 4 2 n 1 n 12 (Kuni 6 9
(IMS) The Mighty, 3 <F1erKU»on) . . . 112 3 ... 3 n 4 S 3 2142 2 Helgecen .. 1 7-5
7518 A. B. Cook. 3 (Stanfleld & E.) 114 1 ... 1 2>/51 2 2 >4 3 6 Domtnick .. 2 8-5
7515 Tocolaw 3 <W. B. Jennings) 107 fi ... 5 5 5 10 4 2 4h W. Davis.. 5 5
C32» Amy J. 2 (W. B. Jennings).. 926 ... i n 3 h 5 6 I 10 W Knapp.. • •
5847 The Cure. 3 (Brlnkworth Co.) UK 8 ... 8 6 h C IS 6 10 H. Michaels 25 CO
3158 Sagittarius. 5 (H. Glover).. 112 4 ... 6h 78 78 78 Bell 100 200
T.474 Border Mark. 4 (O'Brien). .. 103 7 ... 73 8 8 8 McLaughln 100 500
Time— :23»4, :48Vi. 1:01. At post 2 mlnut«s. Oft at 3:35. Pelham, ' place, 5-2; show
4-5. Mighty, place. 2-5; show. out. Cook. show. out. Winner, ch. g. by AJbert
1'laudita. Trained by E. Wright. Scratched — Venator. Instructor, David Boland, Glen
dennir.g. *Ooupled with Tocolaw. Start fair.. Won all driving. Winner had speed to
burn and ran with marked gameness. The Mighty stood & long hard drive. A B
Cook backed up> Toeolaw ran a nice race. Amy J had early speed.
7543. FIFTH RACE>— S4x furlongs; selling; 3-year-olds and upward; valut to first, $325.
Indtx 1 Horse and Owner. Wt Si. K . %. %. Etr. FlnTI Jockey. Op. Cl.
7531 Romalne. 4 (XV. Scharetg) ..110 5 ... -4 2'/48 4 13 1 ns W. Davis . 2 9-5
7.VJ1 IH. L. Frank. » (D. Cameron) 104 4 ... 1 n 1 lVfcl 1 2 h McL&ugh.. 3 16-5
7519 !U Wally. 3 (Brinkwortb Co). 104 2 ... 3 % 4 4 4'5 3 3 H. Mlch'ls. 10 13
74C1 'Mat* Hogan, a (Mugran*) 108 1 ... 2 4 2 V, Z ft 4 10 Bullman.. 7-« 17-10
730R JHeadwater, a (Mrs. Shehan). Ill 3 ... » 8 5 15 6 20 5 15 Holbrook. 3<» 100
3075 lXatlve. a (H. Stover) I 98 7 ... 7 7 7 61 Mlllerick.. 30 1C0
; Jennie B-. 5 <H. C. Bruhnt)..( 9S 6 ... 6 15 6 12 6 2 7 Perrlne... 50 300
Time— :24, :48, 1:14*4- At post 2 inlnutes. Off at 4:00. Romalne. place, 1-2; show. 1-5
Frank, place. 7-lu; show, 1-4. Wally. show, 1. \ Winner, b. *. by Brutus-Hazel D,
Trained by J. M. MeXames. Scratched — Dora I. Mansard, Inspector Munro Toupee,
W R. Condon. Start kcxxI. Won In a very hard drive of three. Winner bid' up rrotn
*1<XK» to $1500 by M. J. Bheehan. Retained. H. L.. Frank was tlp-to«d from start to
finish, and Fhowtd no sign of quitting. Romaine well handled, though Davis almost lost
• the race through carelessness at the wire. Little Wally would have won In a couple- of
more strides. Matt Hogan quit. . . j . .
7544. SIXTH RACE— Mile and one-eighth ; selling; 3-year-olds ' and upward; to first, $325.
Index) Horsa and Owner. l\Vt|St. &. %• %• Str. Fin. | Jockey. I Op. Cl.
tT/hT |G W. Trahern, 5 (Summers)|lC7 4 33 13 *8 In In W. Davis.. 2 14-5
7406 'Rcvaltv. 0 (H- Green) 107 6 M 2 14 1 h 2 2 2 S Sherwood . 6 »-2
7.*.2o IM *Man^ir a iBrtnkwth Co.).|105 2 fl 4 4 3 2 3 15 3 20 H. Mich.'.. 8-5 13-5
7r.2<> Col. Anderson. .'• (McLghn). . . lOSf 1 2h 3!J48 40 42 McBride .. 20 20
7521 ;.~«Tfnity. 3 (Dajtn & Kahn). 103 3 1 % ft 6 5 5 |C. Miller . 3<> 60
7:/J2 JWhoa.b'.ll. 3 <V. GHb;rt)....;106| R _ Bled .jTravers. .. . 3 n_s
Tim*>— :2T»U. :31«4. 1:16*;. 1:*4. l':57»i". At pott H minute. Off at 4:22^. Trahern, "place!
A~"i- sh>>w. 1-4. Royalty, place, 8-5; show. 3-5. Mansir, show. 1-4. Winner, b." g by
I'.ear Guard-Khetta B. Trained by G. Summers. Start good. Wen In a hard drive
of thrr^. Davis on winner cutflntehed Sherwood. -Royalty waa the better horse.
Xichiels en Major Manrir rode a sloppy eort of ra». "
the san francisco: call, Saturday. \ December 10. 1904.
Excellent Card
at Oakland
Large fields and classy ones will
lace the barrier to-day at Oakland
race track. The day's entries:
First race, seven furlongs, three-year-old*
and up. sellinr.
74K9 •Trapseuer (Ezell) J»
«T42 •Ausl? (Magill) 104
75'.S Sugden (Sturgeon) 105
747!> •Yo-No-Se (Shane) 100
"MS MefstereinKer (Henshall) \ 108
74&5 Stunts ( JIcAlester) 1C8
7/123 Budd Wade (Baker City Stable) 105
7R."H 'Mr. Farnum (McCafTeYty) 100
7S1» Wistaria. (Stockton Stable) lot
7S15 'Box Elder (Moran) »«
743« Decoy (Miller) 1">5
7610 *Insp:ctor Munro (Fox) OS)
Second race/ six furlongs, two-year-olds,
pui-re.
7M7 Golden Idol (Daly) 105
3»flO Paddy' Lynch (I-ynch) 102
7527 Fuy Templeton (Dodge) 102
7f>25 Yada (Cahlll) 1 105
7525 S*a Air (McLaushltn) :.1O9
H7M Pearl Waters « Waters) 105
<7507)Bel Carina (Smith) 109
(75U)Hocligan (Fountain) / 102
Third rare, Futurity course, three-year-oldt
and CD, sellinc. - '
<7KM)»Holto (Shannon) 10S
7531 *Sad Sara (Green) 108
7602 *Sir Preston (Scharetg) 1C8
7528 "Flo Mai:ola (Daly) »9
«218 Distributor (Neal) 104
7445 Peter J (Keene) 109
(«741)Y-?llowstcne (Fine) 112
(75f!5)Redan (Strobel) 113
(74:<O)B<»I1 Reed (Fitzgerald) 113
7W3 W. R. Condon <Kr.pl 1) H2
7-178 Clausus (.Ryan) : U'«
'Gin Spray <De Neffe) 10*
7*77 Maxetta <Kronirk) 1*>1
75f » "Stilicho (Ferguson) 104
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles, three
year-olds and Tip; the Family Club Handicap:
7530 Claude (Dflly) 126
7524 Military Man (Ferguson) 100
7500 Ishlana (Ryan) 05
(7476)Divlna (El Prlmero Stable) 10«
7844 Whoa Rill (Gilbert) 98
7240 Modicum (Fountain) I OS
(753l>) Ananias (Schorr) 107
7512 Arcade (Jennings) 104
753(> Vesuvian Uennlngs) lfO
74<J4 Gold Money (Jennings) 116
7530 Fcssll (Parker and Twaite) 113
.7530 Bombadler (Skinner) 108
Fifth race — Seven furlongs, 3-year-old8 and
up; selling:
7520 # Red Cross Nurse (Joseph) 100
7537 The Lieutenant (Stover) 105
751.1 Hlpponax (Dean) ..:/. Nw
7516 Mountebank (Keating:) 100
7526 *Major T>nny (Piedmont Stable) ....104
(7510)Follow Me (Mozier) 10»
7331 Scotsman (Rrinkworth * Co.) ....... 10»
(75O4)»Waterspout (Smith) ;,...100.
752fi •Broae Winjr (Fountain) ..100
7523 Mtmo (Sheridan) ...100
7523 'Flaunt (Ryan) 104
7B08 ♦Eduraite (Hoppas) 104
751!) 'Hugh McGowan (Rowell) 06
Sixth race— One mile and seventy yards, .3
ycar-olds and up; selling: . .
7452 Olenrice (Fitzgerald & Cree) 103
751« 'Briers (Rowell) OS
7520 Brennus. (Judge) Ill
(.717 «Maud Muller (Miller) 08
7522 'Vulcaln (Ea«ll) 101
7.W *Homage (Steplienson) loo
7510 "Ncrth West (Clifford) 00
7522 Col. Van ( Whitman) 105
75.T4 »Step Around (Coffey) !)8
7622 Foxy Grandpa (Coffey) 104
•Apprentice allowance. ■V'^ i «
BRITT SEEMS SLOW
IN PUTTING UP HIS
APPEARANCE MONEY
His-. .Deliberation flakes
Cluib -Officials* AirnxiQius
NELSON IS AGAIN IN TRAINING
While Jimmy Britt is one of the easi
est boxers in the business to sign up
for a match, once he decides it is a de
sirable one, and is an easy 1 man to get
into the ring, managers always have
one struggle with him. This is in re
gard to the forfeit money boxers are
expected to post .guaranteeing their
appearance in the ring at the appoint
ed hour and at whatever weight is re
quired. JCelson's forfeit of $1000 guar
anteeing that he will be on hand on
the 20th inst. and a like amount that
he wlft not weigh more than 132
pounds is in the hands of, Harry Cor
bett, the stakeholder. He also has the
club's forfeit which guarantees to the
boxers that the fight will take place.
It begins to look as if Manager Cof
froth will have to give Britt laughing
gas. and while he is under its influ
ence extract the required amount from
his strong box. No one doubts Britt's
bona fides in the matter. It has un
doubtedly been inconvenient for him
to attend to this branch of his business
in connection with the other duties
which have occupied his time.
FINNIGAN IS NEARLY BEATEN
Eddie Kehoe Gives Bantam Champion the
Hardest Battle of His Career.^
The bantam boxing-championship
title of America nearly went a glim
mering last night at the Mechanics'
Pavilion annex when George Finnigan,
holder of the trophy, hooked up with
Eddie Kehoe. The latter was" a. sub
stitute and nobody conceded him a
chance. He cleverly matched-his'sci
ence and generalship against the- hur
ricane rushes of the champ, and the
majority of the spectators thought he
won. . : " • j?;-> ;
' Vinnigan. though apparently in\the
best of form, did not fight as' he has
in the past.- He carried the battle- to
his man in every round, but Kehoe al
ways met the rushes, with a left. Jab,
and whenever an opportunity'present
ed itself he would bring' a right over.
Twice the champion nearly - went to
the carpet from one of these vicious
jolts. In turn, he would rush' Kehoe
into a corner and begin to pummel
him. Kehoe made a- fast finish and
was giving Finnigan a good tljno when
the gong sounded.; Although thedeci-
Tizen, With Hilderbrand
As Pilot, Finishes Last
Four Favorites Lose to Delight of Bookies
'L.OS ANGELES, Dec. 9.— 6nly two
out of six favorites won at Ascot Park
to-day, and, as it consequence, the thir
teen books cleaned up a neat sum' on
the day's -racing. Salarlo was heavily
played to win the first race, but was
beaten out by Mi', bade, the second
choice, with Black Joe, ■ an outsider,
third.
Bath Beach was. fancied for the sec
ond race.' but was never in the run
ning, Durbar, : at 6 to 1, winning easily
from Dorice, a SO to 1 shot, with Crigli
third.
Our Pride was successful in the third
race, easily defeating Cloche d'Or, the
favorite, with Winnifreda third.
Emperor of india was played as if
the race were run for the fourth. He
rewarded his backers by winning with
the greatest of ease from Diamante,
with Harbor third.
Requiter was a red-hot favorite for
the fifth race, closing at 1 to 2 and
winning handily from Tryon, with
Heather Honey, the second choice in
the betting, third...
The last race was the biggest upset
of the day. Hildebrand had his only
mount of the day on Tizen, which was
made a 1 to 2 choice and which was
never seriously in the running. Susie
WESTERN PACIFIC TAKING
• OVER OTHER INTERESTS
Butte and Plumas and Indian Valley
Companies Arc BcInR Transferred
to Gould Concern.
General Manager Dunaway of the
Nevada, California and Oregon, who
i3 now at the Palace Hotel, yesterday
announced that a survey of an exten
sion of his road from it3 present ter
minus at Madeline, Lassen County, to
Alturas, Modoc County, a distance of
seventy-five miles, is now being com
pleted. \Vork on the extension is to
be inaugurated/ during the, coming
year.
\The work of transferring the,inter
ests of the Butte and Plumas Railroad
and the Indian Valley Railroad, proj
ects of H. H. Yard, to the Western
Pacific Railway Company, is now in
progress. Both properties are owned
by the North California Mining Com
pany, of which Yard is the head.
The high hopes of the friends of E.
O. McCormick were blasted yesterday,
when a telegram was received from
Chicago stating that he had denied
that there is any truth in the recent
widely circulated story that he is to
be made vice president and general
manager of the Southern Pacific Com
pany* ?4SgMBBS9WMSIB
Cadets Give Entertainment.
Company I, League of the Cross
Cadets, gave an entertainment last
night at Golden Gate Hall,, the pro
ceeds of which will so toward the uni
form fund of the company. The play,
which, occupied the greater portion of
thft evening," was entitled "Boys of
'76," and was given under the direc
ticn of Miss A. I. Roney and: A. E.
Swan. Following the entertainment
came dancing and refreshments. The
committee in charge of the af
comprised R. E. Doyle, chair
man;,' L. Pelgren, J. Carmody, ' E.
Rosenberger^ J. "Welsh, J. J. Kennedy,
n. Mahon, E. H. Barieau, O. E. Boyle
and J. Toomev.
The other parties to the agreement
feel that they, have acted\their part
and that Britt should comply with the
conditions covering the match.
Britt did no/ training. yesterday, but
will he hard at work again to-day at
his Ocean Beach quarters. He has
been doing light exercise at the Olymp
ic Club for several months arfd but lit
tle is required to put the fighting edge
on his condition.
Battling Nelson has finally settled
down at his old quarters at Smiling
Metzner's tavern, Larkspur, for a siege
of training for his coming battle with
Jimmy. Britt. The Dane returned from
Tomales yesterday, after spending a
few jdays duck shooting. ■
Hard work will not be indulged in
until next week, as Nelson is in fine
condition, although a trifle, heavy. He
weighs in the neighborhood of 138
pounds, but can knock off many pounds
in a few days. Six miles on the road
yesterday And a half-hour's work i in
the gymnasium made up the day's
work, i'i ■'■: • ,
Marvin Hart and Eddie Santry will
be Nelson's training mates during the
coming siege of training.
sion was far from popular, it was a
just one, as Flnnigan was outweighed
by his opponent and there was never
an instant when he was not on the
aggressive.
.The rest of 'the card was made up
of-some fairly good fights. "Joe Daly
sprang a mild surprise on the '. specta
tors '.when he' won the decision over
Joe. Kelly. The latter.. did not start
Instill too late, while Daly kept peg
ging away and taking' 'advantage of
every chance'to send in right and left.
Ed Biller lasted i "but a '-round > and a
hajf with the hard-hitting Harry Ri
leyV.The latter whipped" : in a right to
the kidneys early in the second period
and that ended the engagement.
Dave Raabe, a new man, made a
game- fight against Denny "O'Connell
and was barely nosed out of the deci
sion. Jim Bradley outpointed Bill
Cairns. Young Dempsey took all the
firht out of, Fred Lavlgne in half a
round. The show was given under the
auspices of the Bay. City, Club and
brought out a crowded house. v = .
Christian. *t,o to 1, proved tfrs winner,
with Landseer. at 10 to 1, second, and
Patsy Brown, the heavily played sec
ond choice, third.
Weather cloudy. Track fast. Sum
mary:
First rare five furlongs— Mr. Da>le. 1C2
(Lawrence), '} to 1. won: Salarlo, 110 (Truebel),
U to 5, second; Black Joe, Olt (Kent). IS to 1,
third. Time. l:02>4. St. Dixie. Babow and
Bdiley also ran.
Second race, Slauscn course, selling— Durbar.
10* (McDaniel). 6 to 1, won; Dorlce, 101 (Sln
nott). 20 to 1, second; Crlicli, 104 (A. Smitln,
15 to 1, third. Ttme, 1:10^,. Erlcula, Dutiful,
Clovertcn, Elvervnco, Negrusca and Bath Beach
also ran. :
Third rare, six furlongs, selling— Our Pride,
1C2 (Kent), 3 to 1, won; Cloch" d'Or, 102 (B.
Walsh). 3 to 2, second: Wlnnl/reda, ttS (Morl
arily), ■ 2 to 1, third. Time. 1:15. Can i< !.t~
bTto, Sceptre. Sir Christopher and Helfr - ...
also ran. .
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles, sell
in? — Kmperor of Indla ; 107 (E. Walsh). 1 to 2.
won; Diamante, 108 (Trubel), 8 to 1, second;
Harbor. lrt7 (Kent). 3 to 1. third. Time, 1:47%.
McOrathiana Prince also ran.
Fifth race, one mile, selling— Requiter, 106
(Dugan), 3 to 5, won; Tryon. OS (Lawrence),
10 to 1, second: Heather Honey, 102 (E.
Wal?h). 2 to 1, third. Time, 1:41%. Blissful
and Cir.cinnfttus also ran.
Sixth race. kIx furlongs, selling — Susie Chris
tian, >•:*( (MpDaniels), 4^4 to 1, won; Landseer,
l»7 (Kent), 8 to 1. second; Patsy Hrown, 93
(Moriarity). li to 5. third. Time, 1:15U- Lau
retta Phillpps, yount Rudolph and Tlzen also
ran.
MONEY BROKERS CAUSE
fIREMAX'S DOWNFALL
Commissioners Object to .Being Used
-'■ . as Branch Collection Agency
and Act* Promptly:
At the meeting of the Fire Commis
sioners yesterday afternoon Thomas
Titus of Engine 10 suffered the pen
alty for dealing too heavily with
money brokers by being dismissed
•from the force. Titus was up. before
the Commissioners about a year ago
and showed that his liabilities were
about $800. He promised to turn
over $60 of his monthly salary to his
wife, $30 to the money brokers and
use the balance to liquidate other
debts.
It was shown that he had not lived
up to his uromise and Commissioner
Parry suggested that he be dismissed
from the department, saying: "At the
rate of interest these brokers charge
Titus will never get out of "debt if he
stays in the department. Let him go
to work" elsewhere and look out for
his family and let these brokers who
have been robbing him get their
money as best they can."
Joseph Heffernan of Engine 3 was
fined ten days' pay for reporting 'on
duty while intoxicated and Engineer
Barry of Xo. 10 Buffered the same
penalty for deserting his" engine
house. (SSB
On the recommendation of Chief
Sullivan Henry Sullivan was promot
ed from hoseman of Engine 7 to lieu
tenant of the same, company.
Appointments were made as fol
lows: Allen Metlock to No. 9; A.
Cunningham to relief man, No. 3;
Daniel Cadlgan and. R. Charlton, for
duty with No. : 2 for fifteen days.
■ ;•:. A letter prepared by Commissioner
Parry -wlH'. be' sent to the officials of
the bay cities, the Harbor Commis
sioners, representatives in the State
Senate and Assembly and -,the Con
gressmen from the Fourth^ and Fifth
districts urging the necessity of- a
light draught, hish Dower flreboat in
the" bay.
FAMILY CLUB
PRESENTS RICH
RACE TROPHY
ARTISTIC TROPHY PRESENTED
BY THE FAMILY CLUB FOR
RACE AT OAKLAND
The members of the Family Club will
be the guests of the New California
Jockey Club officials this afternoon at
the race course across the bay. They
will make merry in the picturesque
clubhouse and will try to pick an occa
sional winner in the big. ring.
To commemorate the ' occasion the
Family Club members have. had Shreve
& Co. design an artistic trephy which
will go to the winner of the handicap
in addition to the $1000 purse. The
contenders for the rich prize will in
clude Claude, Gold Money, Fossil. Bom
bardier, Military Man, Divina and
other filers. The remaining races on
the card al! show marked class.
Woman Still Missing.
Detective Richard Bell, who has
bf-en detailed by Captain Burnett to
investigate the disappearance of Mrs.
Maggie Preston, reported last night
that he believed the woman had been
suffering from insomnia and that she
irould probably be found within a
short time. Mrs. Preston, who resided
at 323 Connecticut street, left a note
stating that her life was a mi?r>rnblo
one and that she found it necessary
to abandon her husband and two chil
dren. She frequently spoke of going
to live with pome friend in Gilroy.
ADVERTlSOiEN-TS.
PROFESSIONAL CLOCKER
N Phone, South 1045
Ban Francisco Ofllce — 324 Farrott Bnildlssr (Fifth Floor). C55 Market St.
Oakland Branch — Boom 8. "Hawthorne." 1153 'i Washington St.
i
S&fr^tmP?** Yesterday my advertised long-priced good thing
fflt0&£? was withdrawn, because of changed track con-
ditions.
CLEAR THE DECKS FpR ACTION!
Rip-Snorting Long-Priced Winner!
I am going to unbottle to r day the jammiest good thing
that has been cut loose for the benefit of my clients to date.
He's a mud lark.
He has been consistently beaten on a dry. track recently,
and he has been prepared on the quiet with, a view to pulling
off this kiiling to-day.
The engineers of this coup are old hands at the game.
They know the racing business backwards.
They make it their affair to know all about the fitness of
each horse in the race for which their candidate is pointed,
and they always know when their horse is properly placed.
This horse has worked faster than any horse that will'
go to the post in any event to-day. He always races as well
as he works.
He is in with' a feather on his back. At the weights, he
would not have to be half as ready as he is ta win galloping
this afternoon.
lo-to i was laid against him last night in out-of-town
poolrcoms throughout the country. A good big fat price
should, rule against his chances this afternoon.
This is* a spot where you can unbelt for the limit, with
about ninety-nine chances in favor of your winning to one
chance of losing. -
I seldom use language as strong as this, and you will
easily understand the significance.
If you have delayed coming into my fold, to-day is the
proper time to commence. Come in and get yours. It's a
pick-up!
I never knew of anything that appeared to be surer in a
horse race at the price than this one will be.
. I stake my reputation on him gathering the shekels.
T^RMS— $2 DAILY; $10 WEEKLY
My friends 'are requested to mr.A all correspondence to my San Francisco head-
QUar Ou£cr-town messages tiled with the telegraph corrpanie* befor* 10 a. m. Tele-
graph Vour subscription if cut of town and »n immediate reply will t>e sent.
Mrrsagea for local clients ready at Tny office at 11 a. m. Telephone your order
If unable to come in p*>r»on and the message will bo *ent you suited in a plain
envelop*. \C. O. D. by American District messenger boy; mesae^Ker charges cot-
Oakiand offlcc 'for the accommodation of Oakland, Alameda, Berkeley and Em-
eryville client!" only. Message ready- at Oakland office at nocn.
LADIES WILL
PLAY DOUBLES
TOURNAMENT
The ladies of the Golden Gate Ten
nia Club Annex will play a doubles
tournamenjt to-duy on the park
courts. Miss Mearns and Miss Crock
er hold the three-time loving cups,
which have many names on them.
No team has won the trophies more
than once. Several teams entered the
tournament., and drew as follows:
Miss Watson and Miss M. Worces
ter vs. Miss Ida Mearns and Miss Ver.i
Crocker, Miss Bessie Cully and Miss
Greenberpr vs. Miss L. Smith and Mis***
Noble, Miss A. Hess and Miss V. Bey
fuss vs. Miss Anna Vodden and Mis*
Golda Myer, Miss Dorothy Weed and
Miss Sarita Van Vliet. a bye.
Trapshooters EK'ct Officers.
NEW YORK, Dec. 9. — The Grand
American handicap, greatest of Amer
ican trapshooting events, will be held
hi Indianapolis next year. This was
decided here at a special meeting of
the Interstate Association. No definite
date was chosen, but the month of
June was set and arrangements of
dates left to the Indiana associations.
The following officers were unani
mously elected for the year: Presi
dent, Irby Bennett of Memphis, Tenn.;
vice president, William J. Bruff, New
York; treasurer, A. W. Higgins, New
York; secretary and general manager.
Elmer E. Shaner. Pittsburg, Pa. Grand
American handicap and tournament
committee for the year — Irby Bennett,
J. T. Skelly, Thomas H. Keller. J. H.
Marlin. A. C. Barrel!. Harvey Mc-
Murchey, William F. Farker and Paul
North of Cleveland, Ohio.
Supervisors Change Game Law?.
SANTA ROSA. Dec. 9.— The Board
of Supervisors thl? afternoon rescind
ed the game ordinance relating to
ducks and enacted an ordinance mak
ing the State law prevail with the ex
ception of placing a bag limit of twen
ty-five. This gives the right to sell
and purchase ducks in the open mar
ket, which was prohibited by the for
mer ordinance. The action was pre
cipitated by the. discussion of the mat
ter before the board on Tuesday,
when many citizens appeared and
asked that they be given the right to
buy and sell ducks. The people of
Sonoma County were unanimous in
this desire. The Supervisors may pro
hibit the baiting of ponds and sloushs
by the gun clubs, as this is objection
able to the country sportsmen.
Association Elects Officers.
The annual election of officers for
the Widows' and Orphans' Aid Asso
ciation of the San Francisco Police
Department was held yesterday. Rob
ert J. Kerrison was chosen president;
Harry Cills, vice president; Daniel A.
Sjlvester, treasurer; John J. O'Meara,
recording secretary, and Geor^f> Gei
mann. financial secretary. David Mur
phy, Thomas Lark in, C. Shore, Arthur
T. McQuade and C. Skelly were made
trustees. Samuel Kankin, the retir
ing 1 financial secretary, was asked
to accept the position for another
term, but as he has attended to tha
money affairs for the association for
the past ten years he tendered his re
fusal and would tiot permit his name
to be placed upon the ballot.
1112
JOHN' D. SPUKCK.LXS .^ . Proprietor
Adorers Communication* to
JOIIX* McXACGUT. :v Jt^^i Manager
\V. J. VLAUT1S Bnatocas^Managgr
TELEPHONE.
AsrU for THE CALL. Th? Operator will Con-
nect You With the Department You Wish.
Publication Office Xarliu anJ Third. S. F.
Uil.iurtaJ Kocnis 217 to '£21 MUvonson st.
Delivered by Carrier?. 'M Cts. Per \\>^k, 75
Cls. Per ilonth. Single Copies 5 Cts.
T«rn:s fcy ISaJJ. Including l'ostaj,e (.Cash With
OrJerj :
I>AILY CALL Clndttd. bondayi. 1 year. ..$8.<>0
I>AJLY CALL nnrlud. Sunday). 0 mus... 4.00
DAILY CALL — By .Single iijnth 7.V;
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year 2..'.r>.
WEEKLY CALL. 1 year 100
FOREIGN I Dally, ..$8.89 Per Year Kxtra
_^.' \ Sunday. 4.15 Per Year Extra
t'Oo-LAur:. [Weekly. l.OO Per Year Extra
ALL POST*.! ASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO KCCE1VE BUBSCniPTlONS.
Sarnple Copies will be forwarded when re-
Quested.
Mall subscribers in ordering char.ire of ad-
Ct<"» should be particular to clve both NEW
AND OLD ADDR1XS In order to lnsura a
prorr.pt and correct compliance with their re-
c,uest.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
10115 IJroadwey Telephcne Llain 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE:
2I4S O=ter Street Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
EAMUEL W. WALL Hotel Bartcn
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31
Union Snuare: Murray BUI Hotel; FSUh-avemie
H.jlei «cd HoCmaa House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Shonr.an House: P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel: Treir.om House; Auditorium
Hotel; I'a'.rr.cr House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROCXESS. Marquette Building.
(Long Distance Telephone. '"Central 2619.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH M Tribune Bu!l<31r.s
NEW YORK COKKESrONDEXT:
C. C. CAKLTON Herald Square
BCSIXESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call
coiTiT Market and Th'ril streets; open until
12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
10™ Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
II p. m.
627 Mor-Tg-vnery street, comer Clay; open until
9:20 r. ra.
3'") Hivei street: open until 9:30 p. ra.
«">-13 McAllister sir«t: open until J»:30 p. m.
C15 Larkin street; op*n until 9:30 p. m.
:1M1 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
1 f 'd Eleventh street; open unt'.l 9 p. m.
10OC Valencia street; open until 0 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until U p. m.
5208 Fi'.lmore street : open until 0 p. m.
MEETING 2TOTJCES.
CALIFORNIA Cornmand?ry Xo. 1. K. rf _x_^,
T., ilasonic Temple — Members will |Sn»i
msFerr.hle at the asylum on SUNDAY. iljj
PocemlxT II. at l:.!0 o'clock p. m., m
full uniform for the purpose of attending
the funeral of late Sir ASA R. WELLS. Uy
order of Ccrnmamier.
L. A. LARSEN. Recorder.
PAST MASTERS' Association of Calf »
fornia. F and A. M.— Speclf.l meet- W
ing THIS (SATURDAY) EVENING. />r\
at S o'clock. P. M. Degree. By or-
der of the President.
H. J. OWEN, Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Degree Lodge No. 2,
I. O O V. — Regular mseting^feflOTSefe
THIS (SATURDAY) EVENING. :^^SS§9
CHARLES J. THELAN. D. Al.
OFFICERS and members ,«
of Golden Gate Care? t^-?y y.4
No. # G4. W. O. W.. are ,— X^-^TTTS^
resj*- ■ ll> i .;•;-;■: to I ."^^V S 0?i*t-|^2j
attend the funera! of our Vi3ygy»«s6 B1 ''"*»^"^
late neighbor. JOHN T.
BOYLE, from the tarlor of H. F. Suhr A
Co.. 1127 Mistion et., bet. Seventh and
Eighth.. TO-DAY (SATURDAY") at 8:30
p.. ro.
W. D. FERGT""ON. Consul Commander.
JO11X T. ODOXNELL. Clerl^ v;
TO Oncers an<l Members >».
Fctn'JIravian Society — You J&Q-~?iLSsi\.
nio horeby notified to as /^><f§i2H£o^
F<»mbl«* at 10 Vicksberc ft. [St^i igrA
TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) \<UPtel>£ri->\
at 1 p. ra. for the purpose VjXiiaPrwC/
attendlr.K the fur.era! of cui yV*2?S& 1 /
lay member, JOHN F. \P/iK-ti&/'
J.1ALMBERG. By order c»
C. A. ANDERSON. President.
GfP B. KEXJBOHB. Kec. Sec.
THi: annual rr.ceting of the stockholders of
th« Jfevada National Bank of San Fran-
oivco. OaJ.. -w III be held at its bar.king-
huuse, 3ijl Montgomery Ft.. San Francisco
Cal.. rn TCESOAT. January 10th. 19.)T>.
at 3:15 p. in., for the ejection of directors to
terve durirs the rr.ruir.g j>ar. and fcr the
transaction of such ot!-."r business as may
come bsfore th« meeting.
GEO. GRANT. Secretary.
ATTOaiTSYS-AT-LAW.
A FRAUDULENT divorce 1« dear at $12 and
;i r.o »roc3; for 22 years I've made divorce*
• tpedalty: quick; quiet; no money r.ceded;
ro p*j unlesf divorce ii granted; perfectly
reliable; lowest fres; advice free; collections
rr.Ede G. W. BOWE. 1122 Market st.
CONSULTATION fre*. private end cenfiden-
tlal: bus.ini»p»< lepaMy and promptly irans-
acteo; collections, mechanics' li*>ns, ;Tobate.
ter.ar.ts ejected; legfc.1 papers drawn; loans
on real estate; *af«\ Bound lrvostm«-r.ts hlch
ratrs lnteret-t. W. MATTHEWS, <V52 Market.
R. W. KING. Attnmey-at-law. F.xarnT~bMffT
Cth Coor; entrance room CI1; established 29
years: ail courts, rcnernl court and office
practice; no fe^s in advance cr for consulta-
t:<-n; evenlni; by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
AA — Divorce; certs $12; quick. <3ulef:acJ vie* free;
h 1 is "a Lb^i n^&3 1 no c 1* .-'i 1 pf* unless success* '
tul: cpen «veninc«- ti27 Market St.. room 301.
CONSULTATION free, private, confidential;
twsiarw lecallv. prciaptly and energetically
transacted. W. Matthcwg. 632 Market, rocm 23.
ADVICE frer; divorce c<-rt» $12; no fees Hi
to*'.* Ir. advance; all law business: office
cr^n Saturday rv^nlnps. $13 Market St.. r. 33.
JOHN GUIDERT. attorr.ey-at-Isw room* 3
and 4. 240 Montgomery et. ; phone' Red GG17.
V. f . CLARK. !>?7 Ma rket . "rooci "304? "c^nsuita"-
ttcn free; no fees In advance; open evening*.
AtTTOlOOBrXES.
CADILLAC Automobile. 15W>*r~ror~eaieT~f6O0L
A'.'Trtf. 11D5 Call office.
ASTHMA CITEE.
X5J , n NO^^' S Asthrna RemPdVrelTeves Instantly 7
JOc. 25c. tOc. 1602 Market. 6t. Nicholsi :
«lfo VUthart. 10th and Washington. Oakland.
__soAKBOTo^rirmcHn.DKEjr. '~j,
BOARD fcr two beys of B to 8 years 1280
California st.
BUSINESS CHAIJCE3.
FTFAPV man wanted as partner; plain llrht
work: small capital required; eure profit of 1
5.. • to «>ach p»r month; owner is a practical
Jo^C^ a n rk^ IM£RCIAL '^STMENT
♦ 12CO- RESTAURANT; well known, old es"
Jtliljshwj and doing good businms- | a newly-
papered and painted; 60 chairs and with
(.vt-mbiBC complete. Address 1021 Third st
f-'aorarrieEto, Csl.
T n }\, SKAGGS & CO-. HOTEL, BROKERS"
2C Montgomery et.. F. F.; phone James «30l
Hotels bought, leafed, sold and exchane^d
throughout the Wftt; nomi! splendid oi>en-
ings now In country towns for $1000 and up.
UXJTED-A few centlemen to Join present
members of a firm encased in the conduct
of rents' furnishing ani tailoring establish-
ment; object bcir.g to extend business which
B»» l' 8^^ f^fli' Iiox 37sa - CaI1 office.
f200 ' WITH wrvlcrs tW ;w« to a reliable
eteacy man permanent place that pays SS5
monthly ihe year around; light uleasant
work. Call 1027% Market St.. room 2
PARTY wanted that Till take Interest In min-
ins and land and rattle proposition; pay ore
ready to ship. Ir<juire S05 Larl.ln Et. near
City Hall, room 49. ...
flCto— FinST-CLABS country barber shop fo,
f^ile; an Al opportunity for an Al thaver-
others let aJone; 2 weeks' trial. For rar-
ttrttlnn address box 1032. Call.
COM MISSION store, with fixtures, scales
trucks, rt?.. for i>a!e: v.-fth :j yr-r*' !e 3 s^
i-rlte vrry reasonable. Apply at :.-) m'vli
1 t-.V near Washir.cton: a good larsa ulac.
A S:CAP—$l<iO buys lnte arseFTd at SGJO- e.n-
trally slts.^,1 in city of Kaslb. B. C. Set
o«n.r a: -^ Third ,t £ .
BUSIMXGS CHAI7CZS — Ccntlnnefl.
A.— $400; CHICKEN ranch in Sonoma County;
horse, wagun. cow; reat §7 per month; toois
aud furniture. Call li. G. WILKE. 2«S%
Ktarny gt.
$.V.O— LOCKSMITH anJ electrical repair shop
for tile; established 25 years; best location;
Ilvlng-rocms. For particulars see R. G.
W|r-Ktt. 2BV5 Ktarny st.
fuSO — Restaurant; Very best location; rent. SCO;
c!i>se tJ Kearny and uush: :i Eobd-payins
Investment; Investigate. Call on R. G.
WILKE, 'M\lt Kearny Et.
$i>riQ — CORN" Ell Faloon on Fourth st.. rent 523
daily receipts wbout §lo: good business; own-
er must j-acritKe. as he has to leave the city.
II. G. WILKE, 2CU Kearny st.
$TCO — HALF interest In manufacturing busi-
r.c!>«: «?Etb. 10 yeais; partner can clear $150
badly; Investigate; rar: thance. See EL G.
_W1LKE. 20% Ktarny st.
PRICE ?110C — Wood, cost, iiay and grain yard;
:i lon£-establisbed business; 2 horbes and 3
wogons; vent oniy $25; rare chence. See R.
G. WILICE, S6*& Kearny st.
A— J2S00; CORKER crocery and bar on Va-
lencia Et.; lease; old established and gocd
payins business; Investigate: a rare chanc«.
See R. G. WILKE. 20VJ Kearny st.
A— J3CU; BRANCH bakery and delicatessen
store with 3 nicely furbished rooms; lent
$15; "a good paying- bueiness. See R. G.
WILKE. 2CH Kearny at.
A— $1200; ROADHOUSE. living rooms; rent
$15; no opposition; very best location: about
6 miles from city. See R. G. WILKE. 26V4 ;
Kearny st. '
A— *t00; ROADHOUSE; 5 year*' lease; rent
f-U; best location on Colma road. See R. G.
WILKE. 2«>i Kearny st.
A— $S50c; HARDWARE store, corner: ranges,
household supplies, paints, oils, gas fixtures,
etc.; 4 years' lease; location the very best;
value In sight; owner to retire to prlvats
life; a splendid chance. Call R. G. WILKE.
201.4 Kearny st.
A— $1800; GROCERY and bar. with 21 furnished
rooms; 2 blocks south of Call building; rent
S71 ; kept by present owner 10 years; a good
bm-ineta. Call R. O. WILKE. 2t;>/i Kearny.
A — $.12."t>; HALF Interest in manufacturing
!>U!>ineG&: established many years and doing a
firet-c!ass paying business; stock and ma-
chinery with invoice; the price a rare and
pood offer. Call on R. O. WILKE, 2«^j
.Kearny st.
A— $22Cti; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon
In Stockton; rent $5.'J; the leading place of
its kind in Stockton; all particulars. R. G.
1VJLKE, 26Vj Kearny st.
A— t'JOO; BAKERY, with 3 livitg rooms and
kitchen: rent $"0: all store trade: cash re-
ceipts about $1G per day. Particulars R. G.
WILKE, 2G^ Kearny st.
A— $2350; COAL. wood, hay and grain busi-
ness; 3 horses. 3 wagons; net rent $34;
place established years; very best loca-
tion; a good cash business. See R. G.
WILKE. '2C^j Kearny st.
A— fWO; BUTCHER shop and vegetable mar-
ket on Polk st.; lease; living rooms; owner
must leave for Europe to settle estate; a
rcre chance. R. O. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny st.
A— *9<XJ; CORNER taloon in wholesale diiT
tr'.ct; r.o night or Sunday work; saloon es-
tab. 20 years and known as a pood busl-
r.es«. See R. G. WILKE. 2o»4 Kearny »t.
A— $2000; CORNER saloon, with leasa. In
wholesale district; a good business; owner to
leave the city cause of sale; a rare chance.
R. G. WILKE. 26*4 Kearny st.
A — $4000; CIGAR stand on Market St.. vicin-
ity Powell st.: 2V4 years' lease: must be
sold at ence; owner to leave city for the
East. See R. G. WILKE. 20^ Kearny et.
A— $2400; CORNER grocery and bar; 5 years'
lease; rent $40; store doing a large cash bus!.
rest: location can't be beat; value In sight.
See R. G. WILKE. 26 % Kearny st.
A— $5500; SALOON; about 1 block from Phelan
building; .-:et rent $125; lease; stock will In-
voice about $1200; a good paying place; In-
v»£tl£ate at once; rare chance. R. G.
WILKE. 2tJ$i Kearny Bt.
A— $2000: COFFEE saloon and restaurant; 1
block from Examiner building; place estab-
IWhtd years; doing a first-clase business;
about $70 per day. Particulars see R. O.
_WILKE, 26Vi Kearny Et.
A— $&00; CORNER saloon, with cigar stand,
on Fourth et. ; living rooms; rent $30; leace;
a £cod paying place: bargain. See R. G.
WILKE, 26^ Kearny st.
A — $1500; OLD-ESTABLISHED commission
ftore, dairy produce, etc.; must be sold at
once on account of death; very rare chance,
as business Is known for 28 years as a good
reliable house. R. G. WILKE, 26H Kearny.
A— $4000; CORNER grocery and bar; few blocks
south of Market st. ; net rent $90: lease 4
years: average monthly receipts $1100; value
la sight. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $2C50; HOTEL of 30 rooms; rent $100: tease;
with first-clars paying saloon In manufactur-
ing toxvn across the bay; a good paying busl-
nees. See R. G. WILKE. 20H Kearny at.
A— $750; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
fancy grocery; 4 nice living rooms; rent $25;
daily receipts about $20; best location north
of Market. Call R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny.
A— $3500; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
et.: rent $60; living rooms; stock will In-
voice about J28O0; a well established and
flnt-clasw paying business. See R. G.
_1V I LKE: 20% Kearny et.
; 000; BAKERY; one of the best In th'a
, monthly sales $C00O; 12 horses, 5 wag.
r • location the very best; not all cash
tesary. Cal] R. O. WILKE. 2GV, Kearny.
A — $S50; DAIRY, produce and delicatessen
ctore; C rooms; rent $25; best' location Va-
lencia ft. Call R. O. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— CA1JERON & CO. Phone South 105o!
3 Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters tor all kinds of business chances.
For sale — Several cood business propositions
fcr investors, such as cigar stores, groceries
and bens, bakeries, furnishing goods, mer-
chandise, county hotels. restaurants and
many other propositions too numerous to
mention; would be pieased to have you call
and inEDect our list. CAMERON & CO.. 3
Eddy st.
For sale — First-class bazaar and cigar busi-
ness; Al location, long lease, cheap rent,
fixtures and store up-to-date, established 17
years; fine new stock of goods; has never
changed hands; now clearing $330 and over
!* r month: best reason for Belling; an op-
l»ortunity of a lifetime; see CAMERON & CO.
For fr>_ Well-furnished and equipped coun-
try hotel: 53 rooms; rent only $160; 10-year
itace; newly painted and renovated through-
cut: about 50 miles from S. F.; fine, prow-
in* town; present owner made fortune and
to retire. , CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy.
For sale— One of th« beet hay. grain, feed,
wood and coal yards. 8. F.: cheap rent;
r.rrws and wacons, well equipped; present
owner retiring from retail business; guaran-
teed to clear about $500 per- month: books
open for Inspection. CAMERON &. CO.
Exchanges' made In all kinds of real estate,
rwnilng-hous* and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO., 3 Eddy et.
For nale— Well located cyclery: rent $125; 3-
year l»ase; sell, rent and repair all kinds of
bicycles: carries full supplies; agency best
■w-h^el on market; does business of $1500 to
S20CO p«>r month; goods at Invoice. CAM-
ERON & CO.
Flrrt-clars. saloon downtown; 2 blocks
frr.m Market »t. : rent $75; well fitted up:
receipts $18 to $25 per day; must be eold
on account of other business; price $1600.
CAMERON & CO.
CORNER grocery and bar; new, big stock;
reasonable price. $1500. If sold soon. " In-
quire at barber's, rear 145 Third st.
WANTED — One-half store on Market Rt. for
lunchroom, between Turk and Kearny; no
fries. S. S. SHUMARD. 214 Lcavenworth.
$5.V>— ESTABLISHED printing business and
plant: must be sold; Investigate. Address
box 2817. Call office.
$5000 — PARTNER In rocmlng-house; central-
$r.0ft monthly profits. Principal box 2S01
Call office. . • \
MUST sell; going East; candy and cigar store
bet. 2 R. R. stations and 2 schools; good loc
delicacies; snap. 1900 Shattuck av., Berkeley.
FOR *ale cheap— Carpenter's Jobbing shop.
• with machines and power complete- down-
town location ;\cheap rent. Box 1231, Call.
$1850— DELICATESSEN store for sale- larpe
F^ k: new flxtures : clears $150 per month.
Address box 1590, Call office.
DFX.ICATESSEN~Vn7"So^rV-7 fine location •
large stock; owner very III. Box 1154 Call.
F °,m, S^ 1 ' E ~ A ciBar «and. with pool and
billiard-room attached. Box 2KS1. Call office
CIGAR stand; eood corner location; must sell
thla week; cheap. 323 Fourth it.
$K00^LIQUOR stere and side bar"; good trade-
big stock: lease. Apply 714 Folsom 6 t.
SALOON for faler doing a good business- low
_ rent.^Inquire 1500 Leavenwcrth et.
FOR PALE— A well payin'g~^yste71io^e"rmu7t
_bft s"ld; trouble between partners. 50 7th st.
FINST-CLASS saloon for eale; no agents7~222
GOOD meat market for sale; experience not
_ncce*nary Box 1115. Call office.
SALOON for rale, cheap: good location; S3g j
Broadway: established 20 years. i
THE- SAN FRANCISCO : CALL; /SATURDAY. DECEMBER 10, 1904.
Ptr«?iTrES«s eBCATTCSS— Contlnned.
ir~x Hrookbank.
BUSINESS AGENT,
917 Market Et., between Fifth and Sixth.
PARTNER for old-cstab. express and transfer
huelnCjds; horses, wasens, harness, every-
thing 1 complete; party must be able to attend
oiti:«.-; wlil guarantee i<ro monthly; $5C0 cash
required. Full particulars with
BROOKBANK.
GROCERY and bar; Al location; fine fixtures;
Kood stock; receipts £25 to $.■»>; cash regis-
ter: two big rooms; rent $33; price $1500.
See I3ROOKBANK.
WE have a client who wishes to associate
himself with a sober, Industrious man who
can invest $.';"•() and, services; he will Blv»
interest in business clearing: $200 month;
.,. iei'erences exchanged. Kce BROOKBANK.
SALOON»for talc at S2o Montgomery St.; must
be rcld on account of sickness.
FOR sale — A rmal! srecery and bar. Apply at
l&flS Fifteenth st.. cor of Dolores. N
I AN oid-establisl'.od butcher shop fcr sale In
Western Addition. Cox 13U5. Call office.
FOR sale— Saloon and 15 furnished rooms,
with 3 yearn' lease. 210 and 212 East st.
! ROUTE 12. San Francisco Call, for nale. Ap-
ply Ean Francisco Call office.
MARION GRIFFIN.
400 Hearst bldff.. over "Examiner" •• ntrance,
corner 3d and Market sts. Tel. Black :;607.
Hotels and rooming-houses for sale. Free list.
We furnish abstracts free & guarantee titles.
ULTRA - FASH- HIGH - CLASS
1ONABLK pn- apartment
vate hotel that house,
clears *^Uo mo. — t>U rooms —
. A new build- — $3000 —
ing, beautifully House partly
lurnishtd in furnished with
mahogany anil extra fine fur-
velvet carpets. nlshings. Rent
All new six ?5 per room; 5-
montha ago. }>ar lease. A
1-rice cultured lady or
— $1500— K e n t 1 e m an
Will exchange should make the
for an apart- house clear
ment house. monthly $,-I0U.
EXCLUSIVELY PRICE ...W0VO
Wi'lH WITH
MAlUON MARION
UKltFlN. GRIFFIN.
MAKE us an of- GREAT GUNS!
fer before Dec Only $4C0 for
Sith. 16-room NE.
— 16 rooms — corner house,
nr. Hyde and north of Mar-
Butter. Reduced ket. Rent $M.
to $3U00. Rent If you are a
$160. Clears sober, Industri-
$175, guaran- cus person we
tetd. It's a big will lend you
opening for ¥t of purchase
some one, as price. Always
owner Is deter- ■ remember that
mined to VjU we guarantee
Alaska, the title.
WITH WITH
MARION MARION
GRIFFIN. GRIFFIN.
$300 DOWN and f1^ RENT for
$700 In little " r °° 1 ms 1 - n °rth
payments takes ? f Market; 3
a nice, quiet T 8 ? ented
15-room house, ?!n man , entI /.^ at
near Ellis and H0; P rice 5 4O °O;
Van Ness ave.; fiT"}^,. Etates
cause, eickness; "j at «»e month-
proflt monthly WITH™ *
WIT*!! MARION
MARION GRIFFIN.
GRIFFIN. "
ZZHl ■ NORTH of Mar-
SOUTH of Mar-
S:uZ^ Ksn.*, 9ioOi
pr< ? fit «*! U; reat — ALSO—
O y AT°«V_ X6 r0 ° mS .- * Da P-
-. —ALSO— —Price ?4O0—
30 rooms, $1300; Rent $30; profit
1-3 down; profit. |50.
*aO; rent only $53. —ALSO—
— ALSO— —40 rnnm«__
16 rooms. *8O0 ,11 -Price fTsOO-
ca*h; profit $00; — ALSO—
rent only $46. _ n rooraa _
— A.Lt&\J— —I* rif*^ tw> -
30 rooms, 51SC0. -Income $9»1
V-, d° wn ; Prodt — ALSO—
fi*°." rent onl >- —33 rooms—
jisn —Price $2000—
,„ — AL S P~- cut down from
12 rooms, $400, all —$3500—
only$30. ly; it Is eminently
— ALSO — — respectable
42 rooms. $3000, WITH
Va down; profit MARION
$174; rent only GRIFFIN.
♦ 1^5* \ -
WITH
MARION
GRIFFIN. W fc _ wll , _ aeI ,
to any business
man or woman
. a $7000 room-
LARGE nous*. Ing house for
larger profit, $3000 cash and
largest barKain; $2000 on time.
85 large rooms; It is brand new
profit over $-tU). building. wltlt
Price only $»jO0O. modem conveni-
Rent only $:I75. ences. Profit
Every room, ha:l $250 monthly,
and stairway Books may be
exprnslve'y fur- examined.
rished. Leasa House is well
for four years. arranged; most-
It's one of the ly single rooms
honest houses. for I business
EXCLUSIVELY men. See my
WITH agent,
MARION MAP.ION
GRIFFIN. GRIFFIN.
$8C0, 14 rooms, rewly furnished; cost $1800;
right downtown; aee this at once,
MARION GRIFFIN.
A— CAMERON & CO., Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds Business Chances.
You can't beat this beautifully furnished,
ICO-room. downtown house; carpets, furniture
and draperies of the very best; electric lights,
etram heat; In fact, everything modern and up
to date; long lease; cheap rent; owner leaving
city. %
Look this up; here is a chance to get fine
little home, combined with business; you can
live rent free and make some money besides;
this house of 9 rooms, rent only $32 60; fine lo-
cation on California St.; well furnished; some
new carpets, newly painted and papered; every-
thing in fine condition; piano and sewing ma-
chine goes; price only $650.
Here Is 14 rooms; Van Ness; furnished In oak
and mahogany: good carpets; all full; clearing
nice little salary every month; It is yours at
We have a 9-room flat, new, modern build-
Ing, sumptuously furnished ; carpets cost J3 50
per yard; beds cost $100 each; h'alr matresses
cost $35 each; new 8 months; actual cost to
furnish. $6000; must go East and will take
$2700; half cash, balance 6 per cent per annum;'
everything ready to etep right Into an elegant
home.
Nice little house of 10 rooms, with good fur-
niture and carpets; rent only $65; must dinpose
next 10 days; make offer.
Grand. n*w, modern apartment-house; beau-
tiful building; elegantly furnished; good long
lease with cheap rent; only 15 minutes' walk
from Kearny st. ; has 180 rooms and pays $500
to $C0u per month ; always full ; best class of
people; a bargain can be had If taken at once.
Another one; a beautifully furnished 6-room
•flat; Sloane fitted It up 0 months ago and cost
considerable over $000; think of the rent, only
$25 per month; choice location; big snap; $400.
Here Is the coziest and most complete house
of 00 rooms, superbly furnished -with everything
that good taste .and Judgment could suggest;
combined with an elegant, new, modern build-
ing; every room occupied and clearing a line
profit, and sickness Is the only cause for dis-
posal.
Golden opportunity to get nice '."-room flat;
rent only $40; water, garbage and Janitor ser-
vice free; mahogany and oak furniture; carpets
body Brussels, new 1 year; cost $S0O; now $450;
obliged to leave city. ; ,
This speaks for Itself; 16 rooms, furnished In
cak; new carpets, and full to the roof with
frood people, which brings In profit of $75 per
month; sickness compels sale.
First-class Investment where you can earn
$2400 per year on expenditure of $4500 In 46-
room house; rent only $125 per month; cholcs
location on Sutter St.; always full; best of oak
furniture, good carpets; sickness only reason
for selling.
Swell family hotel on Sutter Rt.: beautifully
furnished; always full; there are 80 rooms, rent
only J425; obliged to leave city; will be sold at
half cost to furnish. -
We" have 13 beautifully furnished rooms. In
Boa blor.ic on Post «t- : full nicest kind Of room-
LODGUiC-HOTJSES POB S&LE — Con.
ers; new and modern throughout: brings In
nice income;- furnltura in oak. blrdseye maple;
velvet ami Axmlnster carpets; cost ?1SOO to
furnish six months ago; obliged to leave city;
big. bargain; $1200.
Big snap; 31-room apartment-house; rent
only $4 per room; well furnished and clearing
$90 per month; will only take $550 cash, bal-
ance time; price $050.
We have a number of special bargains In
flats of 6 to 10 rooms, new and modern; can be
had for less than half cost to furnish; must be
sold; either account- of sickness or departure.
Have large list of real estate, hotels, room-
ing-houses and business chances for exchange
or trade always on hand.
A. CAMERON A CO.. 3 Eddy st.
The agent who whispers down the well
About the house he wants to sell.
Will never reap the eolden dollars
Like Marlon GrKfln, who climbs and hollar*.
MITCHELL & CO.
1200 MARKET ST. PHONE JESSIE 29S1.
Rooming and apartment houses, hotels, .flats.
Sold to suit purchasers. Titles guaranteed.
AUTOMOBILE AT YOUR SERVICE.
HOWARD 803. cor. 4th — Six newly furnished
i rooms; five rented; all front; bargain. '
A BARGAIN— A 9-room rooming house for
sale. Inquire at S60 Mission st.
ItODGING-HOTTSES "WANTED.
WANTED — To buy a respectable lodging house
mot transient), about SO rooms. Address box
4708. Call office.
XIiAXBVOTAWTS.
specl\l^thTs~weeic s
Complete Life Reading.
BOo BOc. COc. BOc. BOc. BOc '
RICHARD MAYO.
The man with WONDERFUL psychic power.
The greatest living ADVISER
On the. Continent. At a glance, before you
ha\ - e a chance to utter one word, he will
tell you what you came for, giving names,
dates, facts and figures; how to eliminate
errors and master circumstances: he restores
lost affection, reunites the separated, tells 1
who and when you will marry and how to at-
tain success.
There Is no trouble, doubt cr ambition, no
hope or wish, but what can be realized by
his help and advice; he Is entirely original In
his methods, different from all others; a visit
to him will bring success, and happiness to
the seeker of truth and advice.
Permanently located, thoroughly reliable.
421A Ellis st. Hours, 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
Private flat. Separate parlors. Business con-
fidential.
LIVINGSTONE.
THE OCCULT -WONDER.
FOR A RELIABLE. INTELLIGENT CLAIR-
VOYANT READING. CONSULT
LIVINGSTONE.
FIVE RECEPTION PARLORS. LADY AT-
TENDANT. 26H KEARNY ST.
ATTENTION .':
MRS. DR. CLARK.
The well-known medium and clairvoyant,
may be consulted on all affairs; every hidden
mystery revealed; she will show you how to
overcome your enemies and unite the sepa-
rated; tell your entire life, past, present and
future; satisfaction by mail; send stamp for
circular and special terms. 343 Geary st.
MME. M. BERNARD, the famous clairvoyant
and business medium. Is located at 17 Third
St., near Market. She reads your life cor-
rectly, gives accurate description of the past,
present and future; greatest living adviser on
all affairs In life; as a proof of her psychlo
power she will tell you what you called for
FREE of charge; $5 reading this week, $1;
satisfaction guaranteed.
MME. LANGK, the only one who can help you
In your greatest troubles; genuine gypsy
sympathy, spiritualism and hand reader:
convince yourself of her skill; 25c and up;
ehows thfi picture of future husband or wife.
88 Turk St., near Taylor; hours, from 10 to
8. and Sundays.
MISS M. WILLE, 310 Ellis st.. clairvoyant
crystal eeer and life reader, tells you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tlon; names given; $1; hours. 10 to S.
IEMAR. Egyptian seeress. The Vendome. 1104
Market St., San Francisco. Office hours — 10
a. m. to "5 P. m. : Sundays. 10 to 12; Wednes-
day evening. C to 8. Phone South 1141.
MME. PORTER, clairvoyant, medium: born
with double .veil and second sight: tells past.
present, future; 1. 60c; g. by cards $1; palm-
lstry full life read. $1. 303 Jones, nr. Eddy.
MISS ZEMDAR, young, gifted elair. and palm.;
reveals love, marriage, business, etc.; L. 50c;
G. $1; hours 10 to 9; names. 714 Franklin st.
MJt£ KRONENBERG, palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader: when others fall try me; read-
Ings 25j. 324 O'Farrell st; tel. Red 6537.
MRS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader, has
returned; sittings dally. IPS 6th st, rooms 1-2.
MME. REKA. New York's most famous palm-
Ist and clairvoyant: readings at 329 Eddy st.
MRS. . BAUMANN. the well-known fortune-
teller. Is now at 317 Ellis st.
SrrBITUAI.ISM.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. 1206 Market, r. 14. Gait House.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing seance Sunday
1:30 p. m.. $1. 10S4 Bush st. '
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted slate-writer and
clairvoyant 1112 Eddy st Phone Scott 8S7.
CARPET BEATUTG AND CLEANING.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
fcr cleaning carpets on floor without removal;
, carpets and rues also cleaned by compressed
air at shop; prices moderate. S. F. Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Co., 30S Market st;
. phones Main 152 and Bush 479.
WHEN you btcome disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng works, 355-357 Tehama' st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works, 1809 Harl
rinon st: Al cleaning. 3c. FRED HAGE-
DORN & CO.; phone Mission 225.
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth st. — First-clasj
carpet cleaning. 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st ;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; price*
reasonable. 170.*; Harrison st : tel. Mission 263.
WALL paper and frescos cleaned. 785 O'Far-
rell Bt.
£S^BSSSE2H~?SrJ5. ES -
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or countrv. Pacific Collection Co.. 415
Montgomery nt. rooms 9-10. Tel. Main 5530.
cbedit~ci.othii;b3.
C. F. ADAMS CO.. 318" Mason st— Clothing
for everybody from hat to shoes: you can get
what you want from us and have It charged.
CLOTHING RENOVATING.
SUITS cleaned and pressed, $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bor. Marche, Examiner bldg., r. 410;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
$[ DENTISTS.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — Cannot break-
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50; filiJngs.SOc;
plates, $5; full set: ' all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 21 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market. nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates ara
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, 00c; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny.cor. Bush-
Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns. $2 up; fllllngs,25c.
GOLD fillings. 7ric; silver. 35c; crowns. $2- no
paln;open Sundays. Dr.A.C.Hewitt,204 Sutter.
ARTHUR CH1SHOLM. surgeon-dentist.r.H.lst
floor. Phelan bid., 806 Markst, cor. O'Farrell.
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from Geary st
to corner Sutter st. and Grant ave.
DjRJGSSMAKEl^jlVNp SEAMSTRESSES.
McDOWELL Dressmaking" & MuiTnery^chool^.
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew-
art a button and buttonhole factory. 110 Taylr.
EDTJCATIONAIi. ' . ,_
A — THE Lyceum, an accredited, preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
leges; refe. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor; day, evening sessions. Phelan bld».
E. R. AYRES, founder of Ayres Business Col-
lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
jhorthand, typing; JS month: life scholarship
$50; positions secured; day. eve. • 723 Marktt.
HEALD'S School of Mines and Engineering. 24
Poet st, 6. F. ; civil, mining, electrical, steam
and gas engineering. SeDd , for prospectus.
A SUCCESSFUL college ; new, large - roomt;
perfect light; all graduates are getting posl-
tlons. 8. B. Business College. 738 Mission.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mln.. mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.: est 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.:
A— GALLAGHER - MARSH- BUSINESS COI»-
LEGE. 1382 Market st Send for cataloru*. '
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
institution devoted exclusively to dramatic
learning in America; positions guaranteed.
f-end for catalogue. Native Sons' bldir.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE 24 Post it.
Established liHXi; largest In the West: an-
nual enrollment 1000; tend for circulars.
ALL Enjr. and com. branches. $5 mo. ; 47 les-
sons Benn Pitman shorthand hold any poai-
tlon; Indlv. lnstruc. West. Bus.CoL,1281 Mkt.
*7!essonopitman shorthand andliold anypo3ltUn^
Kuar.;«0 court reportlngj-single-page method"
bookkeeping. Western Bus. Col.. 12SI Market.
VIOLIN, zither and guitar lessons, 60c. Prof
Cors, 528 Hickory ave., bet. Fell and Oak,
near Webster; Wednesday at Frultvale.
CLASSES an short Btory wrltlnK and Journalism
meet on Man.. Wed. and Thurs.. 2 n m. 333
Phelan bide. : terms very reasonable. .
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col., «U)2 Van Nei»
ave. ; positions t ecured. R. H. Webster. Pres.
BOOKKEEPING— Save time, gain knowledce.
with TARR. expert, 217 Parrott building.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano. $3 per raonta-
vocal leggons $1. 828 Hatght st.
ISAAC Pitman Business College, 313 Halght;
individual Instruct.; all branches: day. eve.
CHICAGO Business College. 1584 Market— Post-
tlont. shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $S mo.
ADULT and Juvenile classes now open. Hin-
man's School of Dancing, 1412 Polk, nr. Cal.
BHORTHAND taught thor"ly by mall and per-
■onally. Miss M. G. Barrett. 302 Montgom'y.
BCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PART:NGTON'8. 424 Pine at.— Night class.
EPANISH.French.etcProf.De Fillppe'sAcademr
of languages. 1018 Post; est.lS71:ablest profj.
ftttJtOjvanrr^ orrioEs.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment office
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
B. IMURA. S30 Sacramento. Tel. James B23L
1 A— ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese.
Chinese help. 426 Powell at.; tel. Main 3752.
JAPANESE-Chlnese Emp. Office, 415 Stockton;
best help. Fritz Tamagakl.mgr. Tel.Bush 85».
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
nce;,all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 0188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
A WOMAN with references desires to be em-
ployed half days at washing- or housework;
terms, 60 cents, carfare. Address box 2914,
Call office. I
A REFINED, middle-aged woman as compan-
ion to an Invalid; no objection to traveling;
wages $12. Box 2850, Call office.
COMPETENT German woman wants washing
and Ironing by the day; no postals. 1203
Va!!ejo at.
A RESPECTABLE lady desires, position as
housekeeper. Call 1235 Market at.; tel. Fol-
som 2021.
A WOMAN would like to do washing by ths
day; $1 25 per day; hours, 8 to 5. Please ad-
dresa MRS. E. K.. 318 Turk »t.
YOUNG woman with girl 4 years old as work-
Ing housekeeper; small wages. Call at 408
ElEhth st.
A NEAT, reliable girl wants a position for
general housework. Phone White 898.
FIRST-CLASS American woman, out of means,
wants to «to In good steady home; wash
dishes or other light work; Is a good plain
cook: carfare, $2 50 week. Address 108V4
Third st.. room 25, first flight.
CAPABLE woman, ex-teacher, desires charge
of orphanage or other Institution; strong.
practical, long training In sociology and
methods: good disciplinarian. Box 1126, Call.
COOK — German; Is first-class In American,
French and German cooking; attends to
kitchen departments only; references. 735
Eddy st.
A STRONG young woman to go out by the
day: Is a good washer and lroner. or will
do housccleanlng; $1 50 and carfare. Call
1173 Howard st.
LADY stenographer, several years' experience,
wants permanent position, I wholesale house-
understands billing and general office work.
Box 1541. Call.
COMPETENT nurse wishes engagements, con-
finements or Invalids;, careful. Cheerful,
painstaking; references. MRS. KING. 1153
Turk et. ■
RESPECTABLE lady wishes position as work-
ing housekeeper or cook for men. Call 369
First st., cor. Harrison, bet. 2 and 5 p. m.
LADY, expert stenographer and accountant,
desires position; experienced railroad, law
and commercial work. Box 1125, Call.
WOMAN wants work by the day washing or
house-cleaning, $1 50 and carfare. MRS
OSGOOD, 115 Hayes st.
EXPERIENCED stenographer owning machine
desires position; salary moderate. Box 1690,
Call office.
WANTED — Position as restaurant cashier; ex-
perienced; references. Address box 1431.
Call ofnee.
A COMPETENT and well-experienced stenog-
rapher, typewriter and general office as-
• plFtant desires position. Box 1260, Call.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker would like more
engagements In families; $1 CO day, carfare.
Call or write MRS. DE BARR. 433 4th St.
A YOUNG refined colored lady would like a
position as nurse girl; wages $20 to $25.
Apply to 1006 Clay st.
COMPETENT woman wishes laundry work or
cooking by the day. Apply 1503% Market
St.. near Eleventh.
WANTED — Situation to wait on an Invalid
and do little housework; will answer on
Tuesday. Box 1223. Call office.
BY a refined young lady; office or store work
preferred: good penman and quick at figur-
ing. Call at 170 Elm ave.: phone Page 1833.
WANTED — Position as saleslady In millinery;
S years' experience. St. Kathrya Hotel,
room 253.
A SWEDISH Rlrl wishes cooking and house-
work. 870 Folsom st.
WANTED — Work by the day; any kind of
work.« MRS. C. M. H.. 405 Harrison st.
NEAT, refined German girl wishes a position;
second work or children. Box 1193. Call.
GIRL would like to run errands. Address 303
Kearny st.
POSITION as housekeeper. Address MRS. A. E.
ALLEN, 570 Sycamore st., Oakland.
WOMAN wants work by the day. 314 Third
street. •
LADY wishes position as cook. Box 1446, Call
of flea.
GOOD cock would like to get a place. Box
127S, Call office,
WANTED — Fine laundry work. Apply 631
Stevenson st.
DRESSMAKING in families or hotel; all kinds
of v.nrk; quick sewer; $1 25 a day. 1325 Call.
YOUNG lady wants position as companion to
elderly lady. Apply 1367 Mason at. , .'.
REFINED woman wishes position In doctor's
or dentist's office; best refs. Box 1621. Call
GOOD Japanese woman wants pcsltlon as
housework or nurse; $4 week up. SHIRAKA
1410 Pine Bt.
GOOD Japanese gr^en woman wants position,
housework or cook's help. TOYAMAD, 353
Jessie st.
EMPLOYMENT 'WANTED — MALeT^
ELDERLY real chorer wants employment, es-
pecially carpentering; tools and recom-
mendations on hand. Address Reliable, 222
Montgomery ave.
YOUNG man. 23. with 3 years' experience In
the hardware business, wishes position filling
orders or celling goods; city or country: best
of references.\ Hardware, box 1189, Call.
ENGLISH butler and valet; eight. years last
place; Just from East; wishes a situation
See J. F. Crosett & Co.. 334 Sutter. st. «
SITUATION wanted as man around place-
good gardener: can handle horses and handy
. with tools. H. B., 613 Montgomery st.
A RELIABLE and sober man wlshes~pof>ltion
as Janitor or porter, or work of any kind-
references. Address box 2S83 Call.
FRENCH, first-class barber; do . not speak
English; would accept small place In city or
country. Address box 2909 Call.
A GOOD sober young: man who understands
the care of horses and horse clipping wishes
a position. Call 673 Minna et.
WANTED a situation In a wholesale house
by a young man. Box 1134 Call. .
YOUNG man, 25. sober and steady, wants
work at anything. Box 2902 Call.
TWO sober young: men wish work of any kind.
. Box 2921, Call.
STUDENT, experienced porter and all-around
servant, wishes work for board. Box 1138.
1 Call office. ■ . '
EarPEOYMEWT WAITTEP — Mala— Con-
A~CAPABLE and experienced married f arm "
wishes a position as working foreman on
small stock, fruit or grain ranch; thorough-
ly understands stock and ranch work in ail
Its branches; competent to take full charge,
can furnished the best of references if neces-
eary. Address FARMER, box 11>8. Call.
YOUNG man. 23. with 3 years' experience In
the hardware business, wishes position ninng
orders or selling goods; city or country; best
of references. Address Hardware, box llSJ.
Call office. : .
YOUNG manrhonest and obliging, wishes work
of any kind between S to 10 a. m. and be-
tween 4:30 to 11:30 p. m.; can furnish fine
references. ARTHUR MORSE, box 1515,
Call office. ,
A POSITION- by young Swede as porter, ele-
vator man or any kind of work In Oakland
or San Francisco; best of reference. Box
1145. Call. •
BAKER, good hand on bread, steady and so-
ber, wishes position in city or country. Ba-
ker, care of' PETER SCHMIDT. 923-023
Kearny et.. city.
AN experienced gardener, who thoroughly un-
derstands the propagating of plants, orna-
mental bedding, greenhouse, fruit and vege-
tables. wishes situation; refs. Box 1309. Call.
MIDDLE-AGED German wants position; un-
derstands gardening:, pruning; etc.: handy
with carpenter tools and horses. Box 11S5,
Call office.
BRIGHT, honest young man of 17 year* withes
to work In wholesale house. In stock or fill
orders; on* not afraid of work; b«at of ref-
erences. 1115 Etelner it.
LIBERAL reward given to anybody who can
find a steady Job for a first-class all around
blacksmith; strictly sober and reliable. Box
1038. Call.
YOUNG Dane, age 25, wishes position as book-
keeper's assistant: 10 years' experience In
Denmark; speaks English and German; $10
week. Box 1611. Call office.
YOUNG man, well recommended, wishes po-
sition In private family; 3 years last place.
Box 1120, Call office.
YOUNG Swede. 28. wants position to do any-
thing In Alameda or Oakland; good refer-
ence. Box 1144. Call.
FIRST-CLASS cook (colored) wishes position
In a private family or boarding- house; city
or country; good references. 1202 Powell »t
COACHMAN, gardener, wants situation, fam-
ily; first-class driver, milk, raise poultry;
single; best local reference. Box 1147 Call.
ELDERLY man wants work as choreman or
tak* care of horse and garden; wages $10
per month. Box 114.8 Call.
. MAN and wife want a place to care for ranch;
man to attend to stable and wife to cook
and car» for house. Box 1045. Call.
*W0RK dene up m first-class style, tiling for
mantels, sinks, floors, walls and vestibules.
Box 1118. Call.
HOTEI» man, experienced, popular, wants po-
sition as manager of hotel or apartment-
house. Box 1198. Call.
COMPETENT, reliable attendant wishes per-
manent position with Invalid or mental pa-
tient; references. Box 1227, Call office.
■ —
GAHDENER. competent (single German) ref-
erences, wlshea situation. Address box 1634,
Call office.
YOUNG man. good references, desires a situa-
tion in grocery or other work. .Address box
1274. Call office. v
FIRST-CLASS barber wants steady work even-
ings, Saturdays and Sundays; state wages.
Box 12C2. Call.
A MAN w'.shes a position around a gentleman's
place; care of horses and garden. Address
J. H.. 25S% Tehama st.
NICE boy wants any work In downtown out-
room: meal; Japanese. GEORGE. 715 Sac-
ramento st., phone Black 1871.
GARDENER; well experienced, thoroughly, re-
llable. wishes position; good references. L.
, G.. box 1175. Call office.
PAINTER, paperhanger and tinter; has tools.
Address Painter, 1620 Eddy «. Phono West
2383.
GRADUATE civil engineer wants position with
railroad or mining company. . Box 1160, Call.
OIL. fireman wishes a position; best of refer-
ence. Address J. C, room 3. 114 Fourth st.
YOUNG man wants work of any kind. Box
1073. Call.
POSITION wanted by a painter. Box 10M.
Call office.
CARPENTER want* work by th# Job; city or
country towns. Box 114C. Call.
TOL'XO man, 23, wants work of any kind.
Box 1140. Call office.
FIRST- CLASS Chinese cook wants a position
In family. L. G.. 90C Clay st.
CHINESE, first-class cook, best of references,
wishes position; city or country. HI FOXG,
S21% Washington st.. city.
RELIABLE Japanese boy who understands
English, wishes position to do general house-
work and cooking In a small family In the
city. Address I. SAWAI. 315% Stockton St.
JAPANESE young, honest boy wants position
as school boy, good family in city. M. I..
607 Larkln St.; telephone Larkin 1494.
JAPANESE boy wants a position as ichool-
boy or housework. Willie Kushlno, phone
Page 2100. 442 Devlsadero st.
GOOD Japanese green boy wants position,
housework or cook's help. TOYAMADA. 35S
Jessie st.
JAPANESE young man desires a position In
family for eencral work; understands cook-
Ing. Address box 1136. Call office.
A JAPANESE boy wants a position as school-
boy. $1 week or h»lp any family work. F.
NALA. 13031.4 Castro st.
A JAPANESE laundryman wants work; city
or country: wages ?6 week up. Address S.
SAITO. 522 Pine St., S. F., Cal.
AN honest Japanese boy, speaks English, any
kind of store work. K. IKEDA. Japanese
Gospel Society, 725 Geary st.
A JAPANESE wishes a situation as house-
worker or schoolboy: has good experience;
city or country- M. M.. 725 Geary st.
HONFST young Japanese boy wants situation
as schoolboy; speaks English. M. S.. 431
Stevenson St.. S. F.
AN honest, strong Japanese boy wants a posi-
tion as houseworker In good family. S. ABE,
J. G. S., 723 Geary st.
1
BEST Japanese cook wants situation; wages'
JC3. K. Tooya, 516 Dupont 8L, 8. F.
GOOD Japanese boy wishes situation as school-
boy. DAI.TI IKEMURA. 420 Powell st.
ECZEMA PURE.
$100 FREE for any case of eczema, salt rheum
or barber Itch that I can't cure; a trial treat-
ment free. DR. BROWN. 54 Sixth st.
rOTAgCIAH
THE REALTY SYNDICATE.
Capital paid lr« $4,fi00,000 00
Curplus 940.901 80
Issues •
Six per cent
Investment Certificates
At par.
Office — No. 11 Sansome st.
Ban Francisco, Cal.
COMPANIES formed: mlnlnsr or patents; stock
•sold: strong Eastern connections: advice fre*.
Wrltr A. F HARASZTHY. 522 CtomI'v bid*.
A — HOUSES and flats to let: an Immense list:
service absolutely free: take advantage of
this department; It will save you time and
trouble. Ccrdes Furniture Co., 243-5D Geary
it., on the square.
-^— —
COTTAGES, houses and flats to let; every de- |
slrable vacant place In San Francisco on
our lists: service absolutely free; let us find
you a place; come In and 1st us know what
rent you want to pay and the locality: "ws
do the rest." Sterlln* Furr.ltnre Company.
1033 Market *t., opp. McAllister.
$27 f>A— NEW, sunny, modern, upper flat, 6
rooms and bath; lance separate yard: fin*
marine view; near 3 lines of cars. 231 Tenth
ave.. Richmond District.
ELEGANT, new upper flat. 8 rooms with attic,
beamed celling, paneled dining- rocm; rent
low. 133S McAllister st.
MODERN upper flat. 5 rooms and bath; newly
tinted: "R25 Twenty- fourth *t. ; cheap rent.
See O'CONNOR BROS.. 132 Oth. or 2*2 Cth.
NOE. 1052. corner Elizabeth — Sunny corner up-
per flat: new: 6 rooms and bath; modern Im-
provements: convenient to 24th-Castro cars.
TURK. 1103, corner Buchanait — New, sunny
flat, 7 rooms and bath: latest Improvements-
reasonable to good tenant.
EIGHTH ave., 74H— 6 rocms; top flat; owl car
service: Museum entrance. Richmond; $26.
HAYES, ■ 1747.' nr. park- entrance — Sunny mod-
arn flats, 4-5 rms., bath; rent $16 to $22 50.
PltATB TO LET — Costtaned.
GOLDEN GATE. nr. Central ave. — New sunny
flats, tinted, frescoed, 5 rooms, bath, $30; 4
rooms, bath, attic. $33; cpen dally.
MAUY, 20, near Fifth— Two flats; rent cheap
to good tenants.
MODERN upper flat. 2K9 Fourteenth st. nr.
Mission; B rooms and bath; rent 125.
NEARLY new upper fiat. 4 rooms and "bath.
336 Tehama st.
LOWER flat. 6 rooms and bath; rent reason-
able. 32* Fell st, near Lacuna.
PAGE, 1C2I— Modern upper fiat. 7 rooms and
bath; $30.
1 ALPIXB. 49. bet Waller st. and Dubocw ay*.
1 and Devlsadero — Pretty 5-room sunny flat
LARGEST list of bouses and flats to let Call
on LYON & HOAQ. 11« Montgomery st.
$25 — NEW sunny flat, 0 rooms and bath.
Northwest corner No« and 24th sts.
F&ATS FOB SALE— FTOWXSHED.
HOWARD, ntar 4th st.. for ial», n!e«ly for-
r.'.shed modern flat, 5 rooms and bath: pr'cx
$500. including a new piano. Box 2307, CalL
A — MODERN sunny upper fiat. 7 larm;* rooms;
completely fur. 10 weeka ago. 017 Jones st.
FOR tale cheap — 5-room flat; 8 rooxaa rtntsdl
rent $14. 21 tm Tehama rt.
SANCHEZ, 1211— Furnished 4-room, suns7 u>-
per flat; going East; mast sell; low rent
7T7RSTTT7BS WASTED,
Balaeroom. 11S» Markdt st TeL JmsU 731.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, offie* far-
nlture, «tc. until you get his estlmat*.
WILL pay 20 per cent more for furnltur* t&as>
dealars or will sell on commission. L. EL
BURD, auo.. 1638 Market; phone Jesst* 23301
CALL on Alfred Wollpert. 773 Mission St.. b*-
for« selling your furniture. Phone R«d 4483.
XT U XLXi IX \J H.H POB JiAT.T*.
HENRY MAYER pays highest prices for fur-
niture, carpets, etc. 782 Mission: tel. Bash 31 J
HE3JP ffAmj-j rEMLAIg;.
1WANTED — Girl for housework. 4 In family.
no washing, for Oakland. $30- oook. plala
wash. Stanlslau*, 3 In family, $30. men lady
In city; short-order cook, amall caf*. $3
a week: second girl, Berkeley, $20; girls for
housework 3 in family. Sausallto. $3O. Saa
Rafael $25. Rosa Valley $30. Mare Island
$30. J. F. CROSKTT & CO.. 334 Butter st.
WANTED— 19 girls of different nationalities
to fill /situations in nice families In city. t->
do housework, at $20. $25 and $30: very nJe»
places to-Uay. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 33*
, Sutter st.
WANTED — Typewriter for lawyer's ofScsv
country: nurs«e. $-0; second girl. $20; Janl-
tress. $20 and board: first-clam nnrs« for
child 2 years old. $30. J. F. CROSETT A
CO.. 334 Sutter st.
WANTED — Farmer and wife, short distance,
$40. call early. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334
Sutter it.
THE ROMAYN-SHIRK REGISTER. RENT-
INO AND ADV. CO., 612-613 Grant bldg..
Seventh and Market sts». ; South 104.
Girl, general housework, cook elx. $30.
' Girl, general housework, no wash. $30.
Girl, general housework, slx-rocm flat. $25.
Sixteen other housework places. $2O to $30.
Saleslady, general store, corsets, $35-$4O.
These are guaranteed bona fide positions.
A GIRL to polish shirts; first-class country
hotel laundry: $40 month, room, board, wash
and 40c an hour overtime: absolutely free;
fare; cull early. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
429 Bush st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman as workinsr house-
keeper on small ranch. Solano County, $20
and fd. MURRAY & READY. 634-BSfl Clay.
A— WANTED— Girls to learn halr<ires«lnKr!
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
In 2 wks; tuition $5 to those entering no-w; 3
positions to fill immediately; positions guar-
anteed at $10 wk. up; only recognised school
of Its kind on coast: day and eve. classes.
233 Geary «t. room 13.
WANTED— Girls to loam millinery now for
spring season: both seasons taught from xtart
to finish In one month for $5; positions as
trimmers, salesladies, makers, guaranteed at
$10 per week ufT> 7 pcsltlons to be flllerl by
first of year. Parlors 143 Stockton st. r. 13.
A— PACIFIC College teaches halrdressin*.
manicuring, electric massage, etc. : six hours'
practice a day; guarantees positions; only
recognized college of tts kind on coast; day
and evening classes; all parlor work at re-
duced prices. 133 Powell «t
■WANTED — Exverlenced saleswoman. Apply
between 0 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
EXPERIENCED art goods saleswoman wanted.
Apply bet. 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Experienced lace and embroidery
sale«woman. Apply bet . 0 and 11 a. m.. at
HALE BROS.'
EXPERIENCED ribbon saleswoman wanted.
Apply bet. 9 and 11 a. m.. at HALE BRO3/
WANTED — Young girl to assist with care of
two-year-old girl and som« work about tha
house; good horns for a nice xlrl; reference
required. 304 Maple «t. between, Clay and
Sacramento.
WANTET> — Experienced salesladies; thos*
moat familiar with crockery preferred; civ*
reference, exoerlenc* and wax** «xn«ot«d.
Eox 2917. Call office.
LADIES— Earn $20 per 100 writing short let-
ters: send stamped envelope for particular*.
Ideal Mfg. Co., Caaaopolls. Mich.
WANTED — Experienced salesladies. Call at
STRAUSS & FROnMAN"8. 107-100 Post rt.
POSITION* of trust to be Immediately filled"
woman over 25: must be trustworthy and ad
curate. Box 1192. Call office.
LADIES for steady home employment: *3 an4
$12 weekly. Emma Spreckels bids;.. 927 Mar.
ket St.. room fllS.
TUCKERS on ladles' waists and children's
wear. 656 Mission st.. 3d- floor.
OPERATORS on ladles' waUts. 638 Mljstoa
•t., 3d floor.
OPERATORS on, ladles* underwear. 638 Mla>
slon st.. 3d floor.
OPERATORS on ladles' wash oversk'rta. CM
\ HEI.P WANTED — mat.t
AA A— PERRY'S MERCANTILE BUREAU
806 Market St.. room 325. flfta floor *
Office hours. 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
Bookkeeper's assistant $13 t» KSwttft
Stenographer $15 wee >
Manager department store ..$25 week
Bill and entry cleric $13 we-ic
J*™* cIerk $12 week
Checker $15 week
Timekeeper $15 we?k
Accountant $15 to $23 week
Collector $15 week
Floor manacrer $tg week
Two shipping clerks $13 week
General office work 113 wr«ic
Clerk, city or country $13 werk
Young man. learn dentistry $10 welt
S08 Market st.. room 325. fifth floor.
AA— GEO. DAVIS & CO.. ~~"
Employment Agency. 130 Sansema »t
Salesman, wholesale millinery* man, $1C0l
Salesman on boys' clothing.
Salesman on men's clothing.
Salesman on gent's furnishing; gcods.
Salesman on shoes, good store.
.Salesman on silks skirts and tea gowns
"Salesman on pictures and telescopic vlewa
Salesman, printing matter.
Jewelry clerk. $75 per month.
Working Jeweler for country. $4 day
•Pantsmaker for country. " '
Ifarness-rnakers, good pay.
Grinder ana polisher and machinist for light
THE NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD CO
Stenographer, railroad experience $30
Hats and gents' furnishing salesman $7T.
OffW rssistant. not over 19 years old s'lOi
Young man for grocery store $23 "
2 drivers b«r wagon, good 'cay '
Experienced checkers $70
jrocTray' 81 ** 1 " 311 - ° r ' r ° n ""^ Wa ' hln St°".
Technical, clerical and laboring petitions
Open Saturday evrnlna; until S o'clock
n ™~"3 0-10. 61 Third' it.
AT C. R. HANSEN A CO.'g. 429 Btwh st.
Shirt polisher. first-cla*s countrv hotel !,,™
Vlry. $»•> and found and free far-
Oyster o D ener. first- class country hotel
south.. $3T» and found. y rotel -
3 bridge carpenters, north $3 day
C. R. IJANSEN & CO.. 420 Bush st
THE ROMAYN-SHIRK REGISTER prv T "'
ING AND ADV. CO.. 612-P13 Grant Nd£.
Seventh and Market" sts. ; phone South I04L
Shoe salesmen, good, neat men. $18 week I
Grnts' furnishing Roods salesman $1** 50 ta
$ir> week, . ™
Two watchmaker*. Al men $25 week
Clock repairer, city p:ar«! '$13 to $is!
Fancy spoils salesman, take charge '$100 V "
These are bona fide positions.
STENOGRAPHER, railroad experience «£
quired. $50. Call before 11 to-day room^T
61 Third at. • *! " — *. -__^. jjr>jJ^. _j-^ _ J - L j- ru.jn. _*-. .-» r-i __ ■ V ■ i " V
. CTI.P VAHTEP-MALS — Contlnned. |
A— MURRAY & READY. €54-638 Clay et.
Phone Main &S4S.
••■ I>a&!ng Employment and Labor Ar»nts.
We cave 1(M>4 we houe to
• ■k.OOO men work in 1903. Increase GO.OCO.
. - MISCELLANEOUS.
.. Tinsmith; c;ty Job. $3 to $4 day.
• :. sail makers, ciiy JoB?. $3 to $4 day.
afUkar ax.d wife, Portuguese, near city, $J0
. and iound.
Cook and wife, mine, Nevada, 25 men, $:>5
;-jid found.
• ;7 farm heads. x>lcw teamsters.
M chcremen and chore boya, private and
• ranches.
HOTEL HELP.
• i-ooks waiters. oinh washers, pcrters, b«»II
' «nd elevator boys.
. Dyar and cleaner, pood jcb. country.
j iaIRYMAN. north. $.".5 to $4rt ami found.
»oy for grocery etcre, city, $(i v.-e«-k.
• Marker and <li«trtbutor, country laundry,
• south. T15 week.
i'lancnuia. country sawmill, se« boss here,
. - ?:> <ity.
i quairyinen to c^t out dimension rock, $75.
LLYEIUUN.
1/v *™»a for Btnall steam clam-fhrll
cnedp^r. «r* boss her* SCO '.n S75 ar.d fd.
MURU.AY & READY. O."i*-«;JG Clay et.
AT HOllD &■ SMITH'S.
Coutrac;ors' Agents. 35 Third st.
Teamsters, bay shore. $2
Solicitor, tea and coffee, big inducements.
• Amador County. tcam«ters. $2.
. Man for dye works. $15 to $20. experienced.
CALIFORNIA EMPLOY MENT AGENCY^
14 Third el.; phone liurh 405.
Supplies at a moment's notice; skilled or
■ unskilled workmen to contractors or others;
city or country. Help secured free.
GOOD clothing salesman wanted. Apply this
momine to S. N. WOOD & CO.. 740 Market.
•U-ANTED— Sale5men for furnishing gooda de-
partment. Apply this morning, S. N. WOOD
& CO.. 740 Market et.
B<X)KKEETnR — Competent, accurate, quick: '
none other need apply; state age. former po-
■ ration and references; salary $75^ Box 2>43,
Call office.
YOUNG man to manage office for Eastern
corporation in city; fT5 to $100 month: ref-
erences and Kna.ll capital required. Apply
8CB Star- King bldg.. 121 Geary et. "
GOOD barber wanted for Saturday and Sun-
" day. 420 Broadway.
TWO good barbers wanted. 624 Pacific st.
GOOD barber wanted; rteady. 204 Battery
street.
BARBER for Saturday at 505 Fourteenth St..
Oakland.
WANTED — Young man with $75; steady, pay-
ing Vork. Box 574. Cull office.
.STRONG boy mith experience in carriage and !
wagon blackkmithlng; no other. 82S Harrison.
MUFrciANS to Join brass band. 328 Bush st-.
third floor, room 4.
NKAT boys wanted for ushers. Call Grand
Opera-house, between 12 and 1 o'clock.
SHOEMAKER. 137^ Third st. - LASCUSLA.
please call.
BARBERS— I wirh to buy paying ahop; not
over f4iK>. Address 703 Howard at.
WANTED — To rent or buy barber 6hop; price
must be moderate. Box 11C5. Call.
HIGH GRADE POSITIONS OPEN.
If 5'ou are a competent man. unemployed
er dissatisfied with your position, we can ;
place you. Investigate our plan of securing
pentions in clerical, technical and mercantile
lines, paying from $1000 to $5000 year. In-
terviews etrictly confidential. Offices and
representatives in many cities. Commercial
Clearance Company, suite 415-16 Starr King
fcldg.. 117 Geary st.
1IEN — The only original Meier Barber CDIleg*
teaches barber trade tn 8 weeks; wages
*trne»! while learning.
New quarters and new appliance*.
Call or write for illustrated catalogue,
aicier Barber College. 649 Sacramento st.
Lately mcved from Clay at. N
WANTED — Few higrh -class solicitors to sell
■ certificates cf deposit in a banking corpora-
tion: some financial assistance to those with
i»b:ilty and' Al references; none other need
' apply; cj>;»ortunity to realize $5 to $10 per
■ day. Address bcx 1046. Call office.
WANTED — By a large scap manufacturer, 3 ,
fanner's sens In each State, with rigs, to
<V.l on -.lii country merchants: salary $100 a
-.-•:, and expenses ana contract for one
- year. Buffalo Chemical Co.. Buffalo. N. Y.
A i'Li;.i?ANT raced, fine appearing registered
; ; - vm. :ar. and turgeon; oust be quite *sray,
t-ut actix-e: positively no other; no traveling;
calary £200 cr more when well etaxted. Call
•■ et 25 Third «t.
WANTED — Men to prepare for railway mail,
internal revenue and custom-house positions;
fre« catalogue. Pacific Corresf<ondence Insti-
tute, Grant bids., 1005 Market; open evgs.
WASTED — Men and women to learn the bar-
txr trade, under first-class Instructor; only 6
veeks required at GILLETTS SCHOOL. 611
Commercial st.
WANTED — Lefcorers and mechanic? to know
that Ed P.olkin, Reno House proprietor, has
' added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third at.; 250 rooms: 25c to 50c per night.
WANTED — Young man who Is an experienced
Jew-lr*- salesman. Arply bet. 3 and 11 a. m.
at HALE BROS/
TT ANTED — Educated gentleman for encyclope-
dia work; $1000 per year; references required.
Uox 11*0. Call office.
WANTED — Experienced solicitors for sale of
fc"llt-«d<;ed investment; refs. required. Box
1141. Call.
UP-TO-DATE barber shop for sale; Market
and Sixth sts. See COLEMAN. 606 Mutual
Bank bldg.
OET your shoes half -soled while waiting; 25c
10 6Oc. E71 Mission et.. bet. 1st and 2d ata..
cr 11 Third at.. Examiner building.
WANTED- Men tj fill 350 rooms tt 20c per
night; clothes closets, hair mattresses, elec-
tric light in every room. <S81 Howard, nr. 3d.
TRY our men's them, union made; $1 and $1 54
p&ir; foot-form shoes, $2 W); we pay express
■ r.t-rr-- 11 ~d st.. Exam, bid.; open till 9 p.m.
CITSHELMAN wanted. Apply CHAS. LYONS,
Lor.don TaMor, 721 Market at.
BOY wanted for *hop work. Kohct's Electrical
Repair <""o.. Cor. Polk ar.d Sacramento sts.
Mt'PT i"*!! 2-chalr barber chop; 4 living rooms,
i'iryicr. at Twenty-first.
TOR sale— Half interest in 4-chaSr barber ahop]
T22 Third et.
CHANCE fcr two young men to learn the
t&rlier trade free. 701 Mission at.
MEN to le«ra th» detective business; paid
while learning. H37 Market St., room 104.
MEN. learn the barber trade; tuition fr*e to
lucky one. 741 Howard at.
MEN wanted at 137 3d et.. where shoea are re-
paired by machinery ; sewed soles 10 mln., 75c.
EAILORS and young men (green feands) for
• ttlps. HALLBCRT. 517 Jackson st.
LABOR ■.<*-;» collected; suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 328 Mcr.'.gy.. r 413.
PENSION stty.. E. A. Bullis, r. 40. Phelan bid.
Past Com. G<-o. H. Thomas Post.. O. A. R.
WINCHESTER Uotel. 44 Third et.. near Mar-
V.m — 700 rooms; 35c night; reading rooma;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ADVFTrnFEMENTS. subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
A BRANCH efflce of The Call for the recep-
tion cf advertisements ana subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market st., oppoaite
Fifth. Orx-n until 11 p. m.
ALL eizes a»n'i shoes, Ellghtly damaged, half
price. E71 Mission «t.. b**. 1st and 2d ats.
5?H™!iL*!SLJ! ;i .3-*£:
A — PRINTED 11st of houses to let; send for elr-
ctiJar. G. H. UMBSEN" & CO.. 20 Montgomery
FOR rent— Two-etory and basement 8-room
residence; beth; 2 teliets; larpe yard; flow-
ers. tre»s, etc; modem; references. 221
Thirtieth st.
UNFURNISHED or partly furnished home
Preelulo Heights; 8 rooms and bath. Box
737. Call office.
FURNITURE aad carpets, r rooraa. 841
Eighth ave., Richmond District.
BOTJEE, 6 rooma and bath. Inquire 12«
Eddy et.
A WEEK'S news fcr 8 cents — The W«ekly Call.
Z 6 r»r*«. >n wrapper, for mailing, tl p^r yesj.
ZOTJSXS FURIxTSEED — 7OS BALE.
JONES. 919A— Well-furnished 7-room house;
few rooma rented; cov«ra all expenses; rent
t '■''.; muvt bft sold thia week.
' ■ pOrc AG ES TQX.JDT. ,~
$25 — EIGHT rooms and bath cottage; large
storeroom; large yard and rarden; only half
block from Futro cars. 349 eleventh ave.,
niiiiini isfi
$11— COTTAGE. 6 r. 17 Roscoe: Misslon-eC
cara to Creacent ave.. on to lat at. t* rig-hc
116 — S-ROOM cottage on Cottage row, nr. Web- '
rte r. bet. Sutter and Bush. Inquire No. 7.
S : . >
- ; . '
A Beautiful Novelty in Decorated China
• i -i,,,^.,^. ....,, *.^^^ TJM . -^viw-qu We offer our small ad patrons this week
CALL BUSINESS OFFICE OAKLAND OFFICE
Third and Market* Streets 1016 Broadway
HOUSES AND WAGONS.
TWO car'oads broke horsrs, weighing from
1000 to 1600 pounds, at Western Horse Mar-
ket. E. STEWART & CO., 220 Valencia.
THE quarterly bulletin of S. F. Veterinary Col-
lege now ready; mailed free upon application
to DR. E. J. CREELY. Pres.. 610 Golden Gate
FAST pacer, 5 years old, sired by Eros, dam
Lulu C. 608 Montgomery st.
NICE black hack team; young, gentle horses.
ir.23 Howard ft.; price $300.
PONY. cart, harness and aaddle, 841 Eighth j
ave.. Richmond District. j
CHEAP; cne * ingle and cne double pendle top ■
wagon and fi business wagons. 1503 Folsom. :
WANTED— Buslnesn bugsry: state condition i
and price. Box 1CJ5. Call office.
FOR aale — 10 second-hand expresa wagens. one I
alngle truck. 233 Beale at.
AUCTION rale of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth st. I
CHEAPEST «r.d best In America— Th« Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In tha
United States or Canada one year for $1.
- HOTELS.
HOTEL BALTIMORE, 1015 Van Ness ave.— v j
Thia first-clars hotel, now being conducted on
American plan, especially for families for the
season or year. Location is unsurpassed. The
equipments are all modern with every con-
venlence. The rooma are large, sunny and
comfortable; superb view; furnishings are all
eltgant. Cuisine highest Order. H. C. SHAN-
NON, manager, formerly of Hotel Langbam,
N. Y.. and Moana Hotel, Honolulu.
INVESTMENTS.
MARCONI— I munt sell 200 or any part of 200
shares of American Marconi Wireless stock
at K 75 per *hare; are worth $6 each. Ad-
dress A. G.. box 2313. Call.
l!A!:i; bargain; American Marconi Wireless
stock at $.'< :«• p~r share; transfer and quick
delivery guaranteed; can supply any unlisted
rtcck at bargain price: write me? your wants.
E. COWPER-THWAITE, Stockton. Cal.
f^ "■ ■»— ■■ — ~ — » —■»——— -^— »^»^j
rSTETALLMEirr BUTLDIITG. ,_
BUILDING UpNSTRUCTION COMPANY.
Installment homes, 512 Callaghan building,
will build on your property or buy you a lot;
(S a month pays principal and Interest on
each $Rx o of balance due, making your In-
stallments le«F than rent: oend for circular.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — A pearl brooch, surrounded with dia-
monds; probably dropped from dress In walk-
ing from Alcazar Theater to Techau Tavern.
Finder will ir>oeire good reward by returning
to 1929 Broadway. . ■
LOST — Gold watch; Mechanic*' Pavilion an-
nex; reward. JOHN F. BEAR, Broadway
dock No. 1. P. C. S. S. Co.
LOST — Brooch, having 4 pearls and a ruby; at
Pioneer Hall, Thursday evening. Return to '
"1015 Gough st.; liberal reward. •>,.: ■•"■;■■ j
LO8T — Lady's gold watch, on Wednesday, 7th;
case has letter M on. Kindly return to 2S4
Missouri at. and receive reward.
LOST — Tuesday, necklace of pearl beads, with
clasp of brilliants; liberal reward. Address
box 1123. Call office. •
LOST— SmaJl foxterrier dog. answers name of
Foxty; reward. 219 Bartlett Et, ,
LOST — Black cocker spaniel, on Market st..
Dec 9; reward. 410 3d St.: tel. James 1021.
BROWN hunting dog; right Up and chest\
wbita: reward- SOI Scoty gt. or t U41 Polk bi.j
LOST — Third and Market sts., diamond snak/
ring. Return to 1214 Fulton St.; reward, f
LOST — Green parrot, from 765 Guerrero at.
Return same and receive reward. ,vf
LOST — A green enameled' lady's watch. Finder
kindly return to J. BAER. 1200 Geary at.
LOST— Small foxterrier bitch, brown spot on
right eye and tall; reward. 62S 2d ave. north.
LOST — CoHle dog, white and tan. Notify L.
A. CONKLIN, 2929 Pierce st.; reward.
LAUNCHES FOB HIKE.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO., foot of Clay
St.; for pleasure and business; teL Bush 634.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard at.: shone South 216. ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY,. DECEMBER 10, 1904.
MEDICAL.
LADIES who are in trouble or suffering from
any ailment peculiar to their sex can find
Immediate relief by consulting Dr. White,
the only graduate physician in San Fran-
clcco who has devoted a lifetime to helping
women; 17 years' experience without a fail-
ure has put him at the head. He guaran-
tees relief or no cay.
DR. WHITE. 702 Market St., rooms 7 and S.
LADIES — Possibly I?m not the cheapest nor
yet the oldest specialist here, but I AM a
RELIABLE graduate physician. When In
trouble confide In me. Irregularities relieved;
the unfortunate helped; I promise best at-
tention and no danger; I guarantee prompt
results cr no charge. Room 1. Est. 14 years.
DR. E. G. WEST, office 305 K«arny St.
DRS. GOODWIN has returned from Europe;
estab. 1KS4 In S. F. ; 20 years' experience;
female complaints only: Drs. Gcodwln is well
known to enjoy the Implicit confidence of
ladiee suffering from Irregularities or other
conditions; relief assured or no charge: avoid
delay; fee low; hours 2 to 4 and 6:30 to 8:30
p. m. W0 Market St., second floor, room 37.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008H Market st.. opp. Sth.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and Irregularities: Instant relief
guaranteed; 30 year*' experience. 944 Post at.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, ladles' specialist, removed
from 1118 Market to 838 Mission St.. near
Fourth; home In confinement; 25 years' ex-
perience; best medical attention; low fees.
LADIES suffering from irregularities, sick or
In trouble, consult Dr. Sylvester, 219 Kearny
St.; relief guaranteed; no drugs.no operations.
TALBOT BARNARD, Australian Nerve Spec-
ialist.' has arrived; limited number patients
treated home; consultation free. 3221 21st st.
MR8. DR. GWYER. 611A Leavenworth St.. b«-
tween Geary and O'Farrell. Tel. East 697.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERB?;
original method of treatment. 112ft Market.
LADIES — Kumround; eafe, sure, never falls;
$2. Gleason-Ruggles Drug Co., Kearny A Clay.
DR. ROSEN. re«Ul*nce 2995 Folsom St.. corner
2«th: ladles. r»tl»f cr ro fee; »10.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOE SALE.
2D-HAND machinery, engine, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday? papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY._CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
BOILERS engines, 2d-hand machinery' McIN-
TOSH *: WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
~~ DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Have you a leaky tin, shingle, felt or Iron
roof? Cover It with Mastic Roofing. It Is best
for old and new roofs, and for valleys, gutters,
dtcks, talconies, etc. Mastic Roof Paint and
Hoofing Cement will stop small leaks. Write
Ud about it. Elaterlte Roofing Co.. 713 Market.
AN elegont assortment of diamonds, jewelry
and sealskins for sale on small' weekly pay- .
ments; goods delivered on flrat payment.
UNITED TRUST CO., 21 Stockton st.
'A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
_etc. WH1TELAW. 253-255 Spear gt.
REPUTABLE place to rent gents' full dress.
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits. J. COOPER,
21 Stockton st. (formerly at Palace Hotel.)
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 CO pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 60; we pay express
charges. 11 3d at., Exam, bid.; catalog free.
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'S, 137 Mont-
gomery st.. room 12, upstairs.
FOR sale — A china firing kiln in good condl-
tlon'. Apply 964 Jefferson St.. Oakland.
15- INCH band saw with all attachments :
price $45. Box 1153, Call office.
FOR sale— A trick dog. KINSNER'S, Fischer 1 !
Theater.
A FINE large diamond and emerald cluster
ring: a big bargain; $350. Hesthal. 10 6th wt.
HIGHEST cash price paid for diamonds at
PAUL V. GARIN'S. 114 Butter at.
TOWBY'S furniture polish removes spots and
ttalni; fre e delivery. 370 Fell gt.
GAS engines, centrifugal pumps; highest grade;
lowest prices. Price Pump Co., 523 Market at.
SAFES and cash registers: new and seconl-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1325 Market at.
2D-HAND bldg. material;' lumber, door, sash,
plumb, material. The Dolan Co.. 1607 Market.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. . T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 807 Mission St.; tel. South 81L
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
b * r * al " w - Bullard & Breck. 181 Poat at.
BAFES — New/ and eecond-hand. THB HER-
MANN SAFE COy. 307 Battery Et. .
MISCELLAITEOTJ3— FOB SALE— Con.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
ROOMS papered, $4 up; ■ tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 Third: tel. Main 413.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
AAAAAA — BUYS any amount good 2d-frand
clothing; special price for fancy ladles' and
men's clothes. 922 Folsom; tel. Folsom 3522.
AAAAA— Highest priceg for ladles', gents' cast-
off clothing. Tel.Davis 825. C50 Sacramento st.
DIAMONDS and precious atones bought for
cash. KARL EBER A CO., 'r. 406 Adama
bldg.. 200 Kearny St.; phone Black} 3036.
Levy & RedWr, highest price for gents' cast-oft
clothing, shoes: tel. Red 1544. 610 Washington
MONEY TO LO AW.
—MANHATTAN ' LOAN COMPANY* "(Fnc.)—
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
INTEREST 5V4 AND 0 PER CENT
CITY. OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRY i
PROPERTY i
Second mortgages, life insurance polidea, es- ■
tates in probate, undivided interests in prop-
erty, probate realty loans, stocks and bonds,
legacies and undivided interests in property
purchased.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
Suite 107-108 Crocker bldg.; phone Main 5924.
AAA— HERMAN MUP.PHY.
O01-W)2-tjO3 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
. Rave expenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided ln-
'terest* in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money,
6e« HERMAN MURPHY.
* WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
1st. 2d or 3d
* Mortgage, on real estate,
. In city, town or country.
Low rate of Interest.
' ..Give full iiarticulara
. . of property.
Location, etc.
Box i;23. Call office.
A— THE Portland Jewelry Co.. 25 Stockton St.,
loans ir.dwy on diamonds, valuables, etc., at
2 per cent per month; fire and burglar-proof
safe; deposit vault on. premises for free use
of customers.
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
. call and uet terms. Drake, 453 PanSitt bid.
A— ON furniture or pianoa at lowest rates; no
removal; no publicity; also on real estate;
let or 2d mortgages or on any security; any
amount. O. W. BECKER. 86 Geary, room 36.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 2
per cent interest. ' Baldwin Jewelry Store,
»08 Market; tel. Main 1044. Branch 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business. In ta
principal cities. TOLMAN. 553 Parrott bldg.
ON salaries, insurance policies, chattel mort-
gages, diamonds, valuables, etc. UNITED
LOAN AND TRUST CO., 21 Stockton at,
near Market. •
LOANS on personal notee, salaries, furniture,
second mortgages, etc.; easiest terms in city.
United Service Credit Co.. S Taylor at.
PRIVATE— Money loaned on salaries without
security; diamonds or chattels; no fee; no
com.; cut rate. Cal. Loan Co.,523 Parrott bid.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianoa: no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up;, quick,
private, confidential. , 26 Montgomery, rm. 21.
MONEY to loan at low interest; gold, sliver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth at.
SALARIED people on note. S. F. DISQOUNT
AGENCY. 125-127 Phelan bldg. Private.
MONEY loaned In sums from $10 upward; rea-
sonable Interest. ; A. O. Col ton. 717 Mills bid.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches," Jewelry :
confd. Diamond Parlor Jewelry Co., 722 Mkt.
TO salaried people without aecurlty. The White
Co.. 420 California at., rooma 14 and 15. "
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
us. Hotton Credit Co.. 912 Mutual Bank bldg.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. . '■ Room 311. . Mutual Say. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds * Jewelry at 2 per cent
. mo. 8. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
S% ON furniture A pianos; $15 up; no removal:
no com. V. TREMAIN, room 81. 6 Eddy at.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
indoraer. MOHHELU 609 Examiner building.
MTJSICAI. INSTRUMENTS.
A NUMBER OF BARGAINS IN UPRIGHTS.
A small upright, a snap $05
Stodart. mahogany case, fine condition. .$135
Grovesteen & Fuller, full size concert.. $145
Fischer, thoroughly repaired $100
Also a Chlckering. Vose. Steinway, Weber,
Mason & Hamlln, Sterling and many others.
Easy payments. BENJ. CURTAZ A SON.
16 O'Farrell st. f
A GREAT opportunity — We are closing out
our ertire Seattle stock In S. F. at prices
never heard of before; all makes; your
termi- are our terms; rents $2 up; allowed If
purchased. HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237
Geary St.. S. F. ; Oakland. 1252 Broadway.
PARTY must sell large Steinway upright;
cost $700; price $285; will accept payments;
no reasonable cash offer refused. 237
Geary st.
BEAUTIFUL new upright pianos for rent. $3
per month; one year's rental allowed If pur-
chased. SCOTT-CURTAZ, 660 Hayea at.
OPEN evenings until Christmas. Byron Mauzy
■ Piano Wareroome. 308-312 Poet st.
A SMALL Steinway upright; cost $500; $1S3
takes it. 237 Geary st.'
FISCHER upright; cost $350; will sell for $00.
237 Geary st.
FOR honest and fair dealing. Hornung Piano
House. 216 McAllister st.
ELEGANT uprlghts.new A 2d-hand,$45 to $5CXV
\ Plerce's Piano Factory, Market and 14th sts.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos, Cecellan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY, 308-312 Post st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
menta SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
8-PEDAL Steinway up: Chickering baby grand;
Shonlnger. little used. Keeffe's. 285 O'Farrell.
OFFICES AND STOKES TO^MT^
A FEW more select business offices for rent in
the new building. SE. corner Montgomery
and Sacramento streets, single or In suites,
at reasonable prices; every office has cab-
inets with running wat«r. electric light.
Fleam heat, pneumatic sweepers, safe and
all modern Improvements up to date; light,
heat and Janitor service Included In the rent.
G. H. U MBS EN t CO., 20 Montgomery st.
TO lease — A store In course of construction; In
excellent location; brisk opportunity for dry
goods, temperance grocery, shoe store; floor
area 1700 square feet; ready Jan. 15; near
Market. Sixteenth and Noe sts.; $50. Box
1473. Call. - V-;-.\.
OAK. cor. Broderick — Large store suitable for
grocery and saloon; opposite carhouse.
PERSONALS.
1 A FACE without a wrinkle may be the pos-
sssslon of any one who takes -the full treat-
ment for the removal of facial imperfections
practiced by M. KLLA HARRIS: simple .
remedy,* based upon scientific principles; per-
manent In effect: proofs shown; send for free
booklet' "Hints on Beauty." M. ELLA HAK.
RIS. 128 Geary st. i± i
A A— WHY look old? —
Fifteen-day rate will now be given by MME.
GILLINGHAM; a lady 72 years of age with
- wrinkles and pufflness removed from one side
of the face can be seen dally: write for book-
' let. 143 Stockton wt.. cor. Q*ary.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves its growth, stops falling-, curea dandruff
and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
I cleanses icalprat druggists', hairdressera'; ac-
' cept no substitute. 8tar Remedy Ca'.133S Polk.
"REXRADIO" SAVED MY LIFE* this week.
Bee details SUNDAY. Hours 2 to 7. "Pub-
lic" healing "dally). 2 and S. 1 Fourth,
- corner Market. '
MRs!~LEGG. the noted mental scientist, haa
opened offices at; 2214 Howard st.; all dls-
eaflen positively cured without medicine; to-
bacco & liquor habits specialty; consult free.
OXYGEN massage cures weakness and nervous
troubles. Office. 320 Starr King bldg.. 121
Geary it. MRS. HOLSHOUSER, magnetlo
specialist; ladles _and gentlemen.
CANCERS, floating kidney, rectal, spinal dis-
eases cured painlessly. MRS. ADA, 1024 Mis-
sion at. • : • . -
DETECTIVE — Private detective; all claasea le-
gitlmate work promptly attended to. HARRY
ROGERS, 816 O'Farrell. Phone Sutter 2634.
IMPORTANT — Any - ona knowing the addresa
of FRANK O. O'NEIL will receive a reward
U sent to box 1482, Call Of floe. S. F.. Cal.
FANCY and allk dresses carefully washed.
JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRY, estab.
; 1899. 2122 Flllmore it. ; phone Geary 2033.
AT leas than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
Tailor. 721 Market at
PXB50NAI.S— Contlnaaa.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 30
down and SI SO per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO., 340 Post tt.. near Powell.
ELECTRIC light baths; hot and cold tub
baths. 407 Geary »t.
C. E. JEWETT. purcha*inK "asent; country
orders. rJOo L-irkin. r. 40. tel. South 318.
SUITS to order on installments of |1 per week. 1 '
NEUHAUS CO.. the tailors. 729 Market st.
EASY Installments for Men and Youths. Suits
to order. Co-operative Tailoring. HIT Mkt
$1 a week; suits to order $15 up. LEMOS. 1127
Market St.. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
ONE dollar weekly keeps you in fine clothing.
Art Tailoring. 1644 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas
ELEGANT suits to order, extra pants or fancy '
vests, for 114 75. Fred Wagner. 850 Marke*.
Superfluous hair removed: electric needle. Mrs.
Eaton.3C9 Sutter. Miss Eaton.233 Geary.r.3a.
TAILOR-MADB »ult $7 60; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor. cor. Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERADE costumes, play book", wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 73.1 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henr.a restores gray
hair to Its natural color. $1 at all druggists'.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened- at 1008 Market st.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
FHTSICZAZTS AND SXTEQEONS. _
DR. C. C. 'O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
* 1021^ Market St.. bet. 6th and 7th: particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women. -
BLOOD, rkin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market et.
REMOVED — DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body: for
past four years at 115-117 Mason «t., now lo-
cated at 667 Geary St.. near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dla-
■ eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-3 Clay st.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES in EAR3
positively cured; new methods; 1 week's
treatment free. Dr. Cottingham. 204 Sutter.
PURCHASING AGENCIES,
CLARA E. JEWETT. purchasing agent; coun-
try orders a specialty; correspondence solicit-
ed. 305 Larkin St.. room 4!); tel. South 319.
FATEHTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-tow. 6 Hobart bldg.. 532 Market st.
FBOPOSAI.3.
DEPARTMENl^of th» Interior, United States
Geological Survey, Reclamation Service,
Washington, D. C., Nov. 23. 1904.— Sealed
proposals will be received at the office of the
United States Reclamation Service, Montrcse.
Colo., until 2 o'clock p. m., \ December 31.
1004," for the construction of a frame build-
ing for the accommodation of the offices nec-
essary for the use of the United States Rec-
lamation Service in connection with the con-
struction and maintenance of the Unccm-
pahgro Valley project. Specifications, form
of proposal and plans may be Inspected at
the office of the Chief Engineer of the Unit-
ed States Reclamation Service, Washington,
D. C; at the office of the District Engineer,
United States Reclamation Service, Chamber
of Commerce building, Denver, Colo., and
at the office of the United States Reclama-
tion Service, Mcntrose Colo. Each bid must
be accompanied by a certified check for 5
per cent of the amount of the bid. payable
to the order of the Secretary of the Interior,
as a guaranty that the bidder will, if auc-
ccssful. promptly execute a satisfactory con-
tract and furnish bond In the sum of 50 per
cent of the contract price for the faithful
performance of the work. It is understood
that all bids are submitted subject to tho
sufficiency of the title to the land upon
which it Is proposed to erect the building.
. The right is reserved to reject any or all
bids, to accept one part and reject the other,
and to waive technical defects, as the Inter-
ests of the service may require. Bidders are
invited to be present. Proposals must be
marked. "Proposals for the Construction of
Office Building. Uncompahgre Valley Pro-
Ject." E. A. HITCHCOCK. Secretary.
PF.OPOSALS for box lockere — Office Depot
Quartermaster. 88 New Montgomery st., San
Frjnclsco. Cal., Dec. "7. 100* — Scaled pro-
posals in triplicate, subject to usual condi-
tions, will be received here until 10 o'clock
a m' Friday Jan. 6, 1005, and then opened,
for furnishing' 5C0O box lockers (more or less)
ut the Sa:i Francisco depot. The United
States reserves the right to accept or reject
any or all bids or- any part thereof. In-
formation and blank proposals will be fur-
r.lshwl r.n application. Envelopes containing
proposals to be marked. "Proposal for box
lockers No 9400," and addressed to MAJOR
C. A. DEVOL. Q- M.. U. S. A.. Depot Quar-
termaster.
PROPOSALS for Lumber— Office Depot Quar-
termaster. 36 New Montgomery at.. San
Francisco, Cal.. December 10. 1004: Sealed
proposals. In triplicate, subject to usual con-
ditions, will be received here until 12 o'clock,
noon. Pacific standard time. Tuesday, De-
cember 20. 1304, and then opened, for
furnishing lumber for the Philippine Islands.
United States reserves right to accept or
reject any or all proposals or any part
thereof. Further Information furnished on
application. Envelopes containing proposals
to be marked "Proposals for Lumber. Nr>.
DS02 " and addressed to Major C A. Devol,
Q. M.. U. S. A.. Depot Quartermaster.
$20 000 MUNICIPAL water works bonds, town
of Wbeatland for sale, untaxable. bearing 3
per cent Interest; Ferial 40 years; btds will
be received up to Monday. Dec. S. 1904. cer-
tified check of 10 per cent to accompany bid.
For Information address R. N. MURPHT,
Town Clerk. Wheatland. Cal.
BrVTDEKP NOTICES.
AMERICAN CAN CO.— A quarterly dividend
of l\ir per cent has this day been declared
upon the preferred stock of th!s company,
payable on January 1. 1905, to stockholders
of record at the close of business December
19 1004. The transfer books will be closed
as' to the oreferred stock from December 20
to January 1. inclusive. Checks will be
mailed. R. H, 1SMON. Secretary. Decem-
ber 5. 1901.
DIVIDEND notice — The Giant Powdtr Com-
pany, Con.: A dividend. No. 72, of fifty
cents (50c) per share on the Issued capital
ttock of the company has been declared, pay-
able at the office of the company, rooms 202,
204 and 206 Hayward bldg., San Francisco,
on December 10, 1004. Transfer books close
December 3, 1904. at noon. C. C. Qulnn. Sec.
SSWIHG MACHINES AND STTPF&XES.
MARK Christmas with a gift of a White; best
tewing machine on earth; prices from $10 to
S100: pay .only $3 per month if you wish.
The new retail office of the White la at S15
Market at.
ALL makes; 2d hand. $2. $5. $7. $0; new.$4. S3;
drop heads, 5 drawer, golden oak, $15; rented,
repaired; lowest rates. National Automatic
8. M. Co.. 145 Sixth st. ; tel. Jessie 379t).
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use: best
is cbet«.est; second-hand till makes at any
price: ti; kin>f rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office, lrtl Market St.. near Sixth.
ALL kinds second-hand $3. $5. *S: altghtly
used 110 $15, $20; you know where tha doll*
swing in the window. 10S1 Market st.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. CHAS. PLAMBECK. 1915 Mission wt.
• A WEEK'S news for 6 cents — The Weekly OaiU
J 16 pagev in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A EMPORIUM Storage A Van Co.; furniture.
household gooda stored, moved, shipped. 723-
731 Howard St.. nr. Third; phone Grant 1SI.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 3 Eddy st:
phone Mint 2941 ; JOHN F. COOPEK prea. ;
furniture moved, packed, ahlpped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage it Moving Co.. of-
flce Post and Pcwell sts.: tel. Prl. Ex. 571.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmor* St.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and 8torage Co.. 11 Montgomery
at.: tel. Main 1S40. Shipping at cut rates.
SFECTAI. WOTICEat
flOO REWARD-
WILL BE PAID FOR INFORMATION
LEADING TO ARREST AND CONVICTION
OF PARTY WHO CAUSED NETS OF
UNION SHRIMP COMPANY. IN CONTRA
COSTA COUNTY. TO BE DESTROYED ON
THREE DIFFERENT OCCASIONS.
MORSE DETECTIVE SERVICE. 430 Kearny.
stop , DBXznmro.
GUARANTEED cure; aend 60c; tabFet form*;
mailed In olaln package f has cur-d thou-
■snds. L. L. C. CO.. 417 Hayward bldg.. 9.F.
TYPEWRITERS AJ3D STJPFUE3.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier. $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices: rentals $2 50. Th»
Typewriter Exchange, 536 California at.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting- Inspec Co.. BOB Market.
LEOA1 NOTICES.
ALL outstanding bills against restaurant 73
McAllister at., must be presented before
/December 14. 1904. aa I will sell out on that
' dale. GEORGE MEGICA.
aBAJLESTATE- grTT— FOB 8AUJ.
THOMAS MAOEE ft SON97~
Real Estate Agents and Publishers of Baa
Francisco Real Estate Circular.
5 MONTGOMERY ST. •
$12.000 — 30 feet front; right In town; on Pine
St.; offer invited.
$12.500— Over 89 feet front; n«ar m» «n3
Hyde; temporary frame improvements
now pay $C2 a month; thia could ba
made to pay better; or, by improving the
j property, would pay a steady income.
$12,000— Jessie. St.. running Into north side of
/ Mission; good three-story frame buil'.J-
ingr of 2"> rooms; paying $7O a month
now; should pay belter Income; has tha
.advantage of being rear to Mlsslon-st.
$13,400— Near Fainr.ont Hotel; 2 frontage*.
$15, 0C0— Corner, near Second and Mlsslcn; over
100 feet frontage; If improved with brlc?c
bulMing, reliable tenant could easily be
secured.
$15,000— Drumm-st. corner; over 50 feet front;
old frame buildings, which pay a tem-
porary Income of $50 ji month.
$16.000— Polk-st. corner; 40 feet frontage; two
buildings.
$15, COO — Near Geary and Leavenworth: 23 feet
front: fair 3-story building en it now,
payirg $3O a month.
$l7,C00— Fourth at., net fir from MIsMon; fratn<
building on It, which pays $75 a montb
steadily; a fine prospective buy.
$18,000— Rents $1200 a year; under 5 years'
lease to thoroughly responsible business
concern in manufacturing district; large
mortgage may remain; no taxes or re-
pair* to pay; not a safer buy for lncoma
in the market.
$13,000— Over 40 feet frontage by large depth;
near California and Hyde; good 2-story
residence of 10 rooms, 2 bath* laundry,
etc., in perfect order; the most of thl»
value is in the lot. which could be Im-
proved and be a fine income-paying
property.
$20.000— Large piece cf nearly 8500 square feet.
In wholesale district, on • level to th«
wharves.
$20,000— Near Buah and Powell, running ta
rear street; Iargv building, all in per-
fect order, on it: under 5 years' securei
lease; paying 8 per cent: we wish to call
buyers' attention to this Immediately;
will not remain in the. market long.
f27,5OO— Extra large piece of over 70 feet front
by full depth: on cne of tha main
streets north of Sutter and not far from
Taylor: excellent site for high-class
flats, family hotel or apartment-hous«.
$30,000 — Over ICO feet front by full depth, en
Pacific ave.. near Van Ness: large resi-
dence on It now, which could rent fcr
• ' $75 a month; .should be Improved to suit
locality.
$30.000 — Corner, almost 70 f*«t Kotra, In tha
manufacturing district, on a level with
Market st.
$32,4XX> — 50x137:6; near Leavenworth and
O'Farrell; temporary improvements en
It now. which pay fair Income; could b*s
Improved new j later and would pay
a very good return.
$32,500 — 50x120 to rear street; close to Geary
and Larkin; two fair buildings on It
now, which would pay a fair Income un-
til property Is improved.
Buyers should secure these in -town pieces,
with ohl Improvements, while the prices are
reasonable.
THOMAS MAGEE A SONS.
0 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE.
48 BY lOO.
ON FILLMORE STREET.
ONLY $3500.
MORTGAGE OF $21*0 AT 6 PER CENT MAT
REMAIN.
THOMAS MAGEE A SONS,
'••■■. : 6 MONTGOMERY ST.
BUILDERS. ATTENTION t
8O FEET.
ELLIS STREET.
CLOSE TO TAYLOR.
CHEAP.
THOMAS MAGEE A SONS,
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
W. J. GUNN.
630 CALIFORNIA ST.
(Savings Union Building.)
$1700 — Union st.. on north, or sunny, side; 2
lots,, 27.CxllO; reaily for building: ma-
rina view; these lots must be sold; a
bargain can be had; make offer; de-
sirable residences to go up on the ad-
Joining lots; positively the cheapest lots
In Western Addition; cara paw In front.
$1!XH) — For 2 lots, M'xl20. on east side Elev-
enth ave.. 225 feet south from Point
- Lobes ave.; ready for building; street
graded, macadamized and sewered; a
bargain can be had.
W. J. GUNN. ■ ,
630 CALIFORNIA ST.
GRAJCD RESIDENCE LOTS
AT LOW PRICKS.
CLOSE TO TOWN.
Prices, from $1400 to $2250 for 25 feet lots;
you can buy a lot the size, you want; if i">
feet Is not enough take 27:6 or 3O feet or mora
If you like, at same rate per front foot. Quite
an advantaee. Isn't it? Fine views; bitumln-
ized street*, water, gas," etc. Easy terms If
destred. The block is bounded by Devlsadero,
Duboce ave., Castro and 14th sts. Tak«
Halght-st. cars, get off at either Scott or De-
vlsadero and walk only 2 blocks. Sea it al
once; over one-half of the lots already sold.
LYON A HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
ONLY A FEW LEFT.
$1 25 PER WEEK.
. NO INTEREST. NO TAXE3.
$200 for choice lots. Excelsior Homestead
Tract; level as a billiard table; on grad>:
close to fine school and Mlsston-st. electric
ears; bound to double in value.
$400 each, on Installments of $10 per month,
no taxes; fine lots, near Ocean boulevard;
best residence location south of Golden Gat*
Park; these are the cheapest lota in this *is-
trict; advancing tn price raptdlr.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery st., r. «. Phone Main 5704.
$5700 — IF you want a 7- room modern hom»
you cannot do better; take Masonic-ave. c.-ii
and get off at Shrader St.; owner on tht
premises. 1047 Shrader st,
NEW. sunny fiats. $7000; half cash: Golden
Gat« ave^.. near Central ava.; 5 and 6 rooms.
bath: attics; 2 basements; rooms tinted and
frescoed: open dally: street work complete. \
MARINE view lot. 23x137:6. with L 30x100;
Filbert, bet. Broderlck and Baker. MULLEK.
Bay, and Webster.
COTTAGE. 6 rms.. bath: nice garden: 23x111.
$2600; terma easy. Owner. 433 Parrott bldg.
A NEW 3-room residence. Just completed, 8e«
owner, 523 Seventh ava.. Richmond.
STANDARD partabie~ahower baths sold by
Ahlbach A Mayer, plumbers. 836 Howard st.
FOR sale — 6-room cottage and bath. 4t Rich-
land avenue. Owner on premises Sunday.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any addresa In th»
United States or Canada on* year for $1.
poatage paid.
SAN MATEO BEAL ESTATB.
LOMITA PARK — On line of San Mateo electrto
1 cars 45 minutes from Fifth and Market sta. ;
outside the fog belt and Just beyond when
; the S P. Co/a bay shore "cut-off" will Join
the main line; 60-foot lots from $100 up.
lerma from $10 to $50 down and balance at
rate of $10 a month; sewer and water pipes
In front of every lot; pure artesian well
water; over one-half lots sold since August
\- an exceptional opportunity to secure s> lot
in this desirable section: take the «>«etrta
cars and get off at "«X)MITA PARK" aad
Investigate; maps sent on application.
SELBY. RODGER3 * CO..
116 California «t. : Tel. Main 673.
MILL VALLITg BEAL ry^'TTS.
' 1.1C0 TO $soo— Ten »er cent cash, balance $10
monthly: fine larg* lots: graded streets; pura
mountain water; grand redwood trees:
cnarmlng views; right at the atatloa: they
. are selllnc fast: 130 lots sold; send for II-
! fustrated booklet. LYON * HOAG. 118
Montgomery st.
1 For Additional Classified Advertise-
' menu See Page Fourteen.
1314
SSAL ESTATE — OOUKTBY — Tor Sale.
£iGG0 — S3 ACRES of :ar.d, all under cultiva-
tion,^ with improvements, in orchard section
cf Sutler County; only three miles from
cour.ty seat and on line of new Irrigation
<!:tch. ' ' ;■■ .
A snap If taken soon, but will aot ke«&
It! J. NEWKOM.
•06 Second st.. Marysvllle. Cal.
t=ALE cr exchange for «lty property; sacrifice;
It3 acres Nspa Co.; 60 acres in cultlTatlon:
fnrtt. vines and grain: fully equipped aal
paying: beautiful place: gentleman's home.
f-.HADBURNE. 4C5 Montgomery st.
FOR hotnestt-sd— Fine vacant quarter sections
in the Stockton Land District. For partic-
ulars call cr address with stamp C. H.
WYMAN. Stockton. Cal.
ATTENTION. HO1TESEEKERS! N
Send postal for catalogue* of the best land
baiT»<r>si In California. C. M, WOOSTER CO..
C*H Market «t. t_
HALF Block. Red Bluff, unlncumbered. cen-
tral location, for sale or exchange. Box 2S84.
Call office^ ■
CONTRA Costa County real estate for eaie.
S-cnd fcr list. D. J. WEPT. Martinez. Cal.
ESAI, ESTATE TO_JSXCHAI7OX!.
160 ACRES of good level land In Lake County,
near KelseyviMe to exchange for Oakland,
Berkeley or Alameda property. P. C. LAS-
EEN & CO.. *60 Tenth ct.. Oakland. Cal.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'STS
WILSON'S Inn, 2144 University ave. — A flnt.
* modern house; central location. A. H. WIL-
SON. '
OAKLAND ADVERT'S'aTTS
OFFICE. 1016 BROADWAY.
QAgXAHD BEAE ESTATE.
FOR eale. cheap: short distance from Key
Route and Santa Fe depot, property of 4
lot*. 5CxlOO: cash: with good 8-room house
•with high basement: windmill and tank, sta-
bles and chicken -houses; or will exchange for
ranch cr alfalfa land. Call or address S90
Forty-fifth st., near Market. Oakland.
WE have ciienta looking for investments ia
Oakland property. If you have either houses
or leu fcr tale call at our office or mall us
lull description and price.
C. E. P.EED.
4CS Eleventh st.. Oakland.
A SNAP — Choice lot. 110x125. SW. cor. 21st
and Mvrtle cts. : will be sold as a whole cr
in subdivisions; sold to settle an estate. 1453
Myrtle «.. Oakland.
O AKLAITD FUKH1TUKE FOB SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furnl-
tar*. H. Schelhm». 11th rt.,cor.i»tor».0«klaail
San Francisco Advertisem't's
BOOMS m H05?KEEPIKO.
CALIFORNIA. 1247— Private part of flat of 2-3
rooms; gas range.
FIFTH. 3."i3 — 3 furnished housekeeping, $15;
also 2. $10 50; one single hall, $5.
FOCRTH. 491 — 2 rooms furnished for house-
keeping: c&s etove; no children.
GF.ARY, 1225 — Fine front,* sunny, bay-window
suite; ail conveniences: location of the best;
marine view; terms reasonable.
C'AItY, 1937 — Three r.lcely furnished house-
Keeping rooms. Call between 9 and 3.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 357 — Newly fur.- sunny
rooms; hot. cold water; porcelain bath: gas.
GKOVE. 32 — Unfurnished rooms for house-
keeping.
HARRISON, 74S — $10 suite; single housekeep-
ing rocms. front, eunny, |6 to $10; gas, laun-
dry.
HOWARD. S29 — Housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD. 622 — 2 front housekeeping rooms;
rent $4 week; gas and coal stove.
JESSIE, 323 — Sunny front room; gas range,
sink; gcod bed and cot; $3 25 week.
JONES. 207— Sunny front rooms, en suite and
elsgle; light housekeeping.
KENILWORTH, cor. Bush and Powell— Three-
i-ccm sunny apartments; steam heat; cen. loc
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine —
Sunny furnished 3-room suites; steam heated.
■Jectrte lighted: free baths: rates reasonable.
LANGTON. 212«-i. n-ear 7th— 2 unfurnished
rooms; ' housekeeping; large sunny yard.
MeALLISTER. 14 — Large, sunny, unfurnished
rooms, suitable light hskpg.; reas.; elevator.
MINNA. 54C — Furnished rooms, complete for
housekeeping. >. . ;>.
MISSION. 1013. near Sixth — Front room for
• couple; folding-bed, large closet; light house-
keeping; $3 week; quiet, respectable house.
O'FARRELL. 920— Two lovely front rooms,
housekeepir^:: sun all day; basement suite,
housekeeping: reasonable. - •
CAK. 117 — Conitlete for housekeeping. $£ to
$12: (a* range: hot bath; adults.
POHTOLA. €8. between Steiner and Pierce, "off
Waller, near Duboce Park — Two or three
sunny rooms, furnished or unfurnished.
POWELL. £16— Elegantly furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; grand marine view.
PHOTWELL. 224. near Sixteenth — Four fur-
r.ithed housekeeping rooms, parlcr floor.
E1XTEENTH, 3428 — Housekeeping rooms, fur-
nifhed; phone, gas, bath; no children. .
TAYLOR, 911— Two furnished attic sunny
rooms, gas range. $9; 1 sunny room.' gas
range, $7 50.
THIRD. SOS — New management; clean rooms
for housekeeping; quiet, respectable; rates
reas enable.
APABTMEHTS TOLBT.
GOLDEN WEST Apartments. 414 Golden Gate
ave.: epen about December 12; unfurnished
apartments; rooms to let.
_BOOj^TO r.ET— Pnra. *nd Unfurn.
■ATKINS, cor. Third /. 8JjaHparV~line— New
brick building; all sunny rooms; hot and cold
water: electric J'.jfhU: only flrst-class house
Is locality; rooms SI £0 week and up.
A 7; ERUXSWICK How*. 1« Sixth st— Rooms
?5c to tl per night. $1 29 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rocms; open all night
A "L.T h " AIrn «"«." 873 Market st for No. 1
f} ££ "■)— Rooms. 2Sc. 60c. $1. $1 50 night;
tl SO to $10 week; house open all night
BELMOND House; over Owl drug store- 2 en-
t ranees. 1126 Market and 21 Turk— Electrio
lights; running water in every room- 200
rooms; 25c to 50c per night: $1 23 to $3 week.
TDDY. 110. Launeton— Fine furnished rooms:
t*tt transient; opp. Tlvoll. 50c up per night
EPDT, 432— Nice. furnished rooms to let-
good location; reasonable. *
EDDY. 804— Nice single room; also house!
keeping rocms to let
ELLIS. 1101. cor. Gough— Private family: 3
large eunny front rooms; rent low/
FOLSOM, 603— Furnished rooms to let- elec-
tric; water.
GOLDEN GATE are.. 357— Newly furnished
tur.ny rooms; also singles to let
OOLDEX GATE. 627— Nice, sunny room; run-
nlns water and closet
GOUGH. 1311— One furnished sonny room to
let.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission— Rooms 83e
to $1 23 night; $1 50 to $6 wlc.; reading-room!
HAIGHT. 1S8— Basement; 2 rms. & kitchen-
euncy eide; also large rms.; light hskpg.
HARRISON. 837— Nicely furnished front room.
HOWARD. 7IS— Furnirned rooms, single or
double; central location.
HOWARD. 7C2— Nicely furnished rooms; suit-
able for 2 gentlemen; bath. gas,«grate.
KEARNY. 418 — New management; strictly
1st class; $2 50 week up: Jlne transient house.
HOWARD. 833 — Nice, sunny, bay-window
rcoms. • >^-
MARKET, 1049 (The Falmouth) — Sunsr rooms;
$2 tO to $7 week; baths: elevator.
MARKET. 1104 — Sunny furnished front rocms
to let ■ .. • . J •_-■-■■■ i .
METROPOLITAN Hctel, 123 Third st— 400
alncle and family rcoms 35c to $1 50 per day.
12 to J9 per week;, the only new and modern
hote] and rooming-house In San Francisco
that has office on ground floor, hot and cold
water, electric light*, call bells, steam heat
Jn ever? room and gives free baths and ele-
vator, service day and night to its guests. .
McALLTSTER. 41«. flat 3— Nice sunny fur-
nished double room, suitable 1; 2 gentlemen.'
O'FARRELL. B5C — Sunny /ront room; quiet
block; business center; reasonable.
EOOMSTO LET — rnrn. smfl TTnfBrn^
PAGE. 20— Neat room; private family; $9.
POLK. 20TU — Small furnished rccms to let:
rent cheap.
ROOMS FOR RENT.
The Pacific Coast Room Renting Agency has
opened offices at 2S9 Post st. If you want a
room, suite of rooms or, flat call and ree u».
We ran furnish you furnished or unfurnished
rooms and save you time, trouble and money.
Full description, prices, etc., phone John 6581.
ROYAL HOUSE. 126 EUls-rlftcandescent lights;
■ reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms per night, 3f*c to $1 50; week, $2
to $S; month. $9 to $:;0; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SIXTH. 217 — Sunny front room; bath, gas,
running water. ' f
THE~~LARCHMONT. 361 Sutter— New man-
agement; new b!d«\ ; finely furnished, with
hot and cold water, steam heat and baths;
Cne location and reasonable rates. " ■' ■
THE ST. KATHRYN, CORNER ELLIS AND
LEAVENWORTH STS.— POSITIVELY THE
SUNNIEST ROOMS IN THE CITY: NEW
SANITARY HAIR MATTRESSKS. BATHS.
ELECTRO LIGHTS. TELEPHONE SERV-
ICE HOT AND COLD WATER: EVERY
MODERN CONVENIENCE: ELEVATOR
ALL HOURS: ROOMS FROM $3 WEEK.
TURK. 123 — Clean, sunny, furnished rooms,
with or without board; $5 up.
UNITED~STATES. 123 Eddy, nr. Market— 400
roomr 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric Hshts (no gas), running water In every
room: elevator, read.-rocm: free bus; baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. nr. Market-
Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms;
Bfke to $1 50 nightly; $2 to $3 week; -elevator:
•lee. lights: reading-room : free bus: baggage.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church.
A BRANCH office of The Call fcr the recep-
tion cf advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Op»n until 11 p. va. ■
HOTEL" L'AIGLON. 501 Geary St.— Large
sunny rooms, board: suites, with board for 2.
. $50 mo.; single, with board, $25 up; special
family rates: just renovated.
ELLIS, 453 — Fine furnished rooms in good lo-
cation; fine French table board; reasonable.
MASON. (USA. near Sutter — Sunny front
room; board if desired.
NEWLY furnished rooms, all sunny; hot and
cold water; board if d^lred. 1155 Octavia.
CALIFORNIA. 807— Best rooms, table and
lervice in the city for the leant money.
O'FARRELL. 553— Nicely fur. rms" and board:
German home cooking; phone Larkln 3670.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
BO QMS WANTED.
REFINED lady wants pleasant sunny room;
use of piano: $8 to $10. Box 11CS. Call.
STUTTEBIBiQ AKD 3TAMHEBINO.
£XPANEION~OF MELBOURNE SCHOOLS^
Downtown. 521 Franklin, near McAllister. 8 '
to 12. Open-air school. S10 Diamond st. ; teL
Capp 5173; 1 to 5 p. m. Details at either.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses were Issued yesterday as
follows:
William J. Creighton. 25. 4206 Mission Btreet,
and Mary J. Mugge. 20, 4296 Mission street.
Michael J. Green. 26, 1353 Folsom street,
and Kate Foley. 22, city.
Ira T. Jett. 27. 340' Third street, and Alice
Rayner. 18. 248 Sherman avenue.
Karl A. O'.sson. 2S, S8 Tiffany street, and
Anna M. Magnell, IS. city.
William L. B. .Hill. 33. Highland Springs,
and Charlotte L. Johnson. 33, London, Eng.
George R. Landbenr, 23, 462 Walnut street,
and Emma V. Leaf, 2l. 417 Devlsadero street.
Albert DuDont, 39. 1739 Union street, and
Mathllde Hansen. 38. 1739 Union street.
Elie C. Soulages, 28. 417 Bush str£et, and
Louise Clot, 21, 829 Pine street.
Chris J. B. Boye. 25. 212S Twenty-third
street, and Anna K. Ekow, 19. 2128 Twenty-
third street.
William D. Smith. 27. Ill Bernard street,
and Amelia A. Davis, 20, 33 John street.
Levl R. Lantz, .-JO, Swanton. Ohio, and Jen-
nle Totman, 23. St. Joseph. Mich.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
I sons authorized to have the eame published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
j free of charge.
I —
BORN.
JURGENS— In this city. December 8. 1904, to
the wife of W. H. Juirgens. a daughter.
KOWALSKI — In this city, to the wife cf L.
Kowalski, a son.
THORSON— In this city. November 30. 1004.
to the wife of Thorwald Thorson, a son.
"WHITE^ — In Los Angeles. November 6, 1904.
to the wife of B. White, a daughter.
DIED. ~
, Andres, Flcra E.— 41. Kaufman, Sarah— 33.
Bertuccl. Alfred— 1. Kelly. James J.— 38.
Bgorkman. Amanda— 29 Kleen Henry — 18
Booth, Julia I>. Levy,' Solomon— S4.
Beyle. John T. — «. Lllienthal. Ernst— 65.
Brouillet. Marie — 61. Malmtjerg. John F. &4
Burh-.ns, Wm. J.— €0. McCabe. Edwin L.— 5.
i Cahill, William— 20. McMurtry. Dr. W.— SO
Campbell. Patrick. Murray, Richard — 75.
l"urley. Alice M. Nathan. Charlotte L.
Dempsey. John H. — 45. Newman Aaron 8
Dempsey, Peter — 37. Parry. Adam M. — C9.
Drohan, James R. — 30. Pecarlch. John— 34.
Feeley. William — 64. Pelton. H. W. 2
; Foley. David J.-=-07. Perez, Lorenzo* M.
Franklin, Martha — 36. Regan. Patrick J. — 38.
Frey, Reinhold— 74. Repaold. Gustava— 33.
Henrloulle, Stepha- Ryall. John— 00.
nle— 24. Bchwebs. Frank A.— 27
Hicks. Ella J. — 6L Sullivan. Margaret— 54
Hoiran, Catherine — 57. Taylor, Wealthy— 79.
Jacob, Hannah — 68. Wells, Asa R. — 75.
ANDRES— In Vallejo. December 9, 1904.
Flora E., beloved wife. of James A. Andres,
only daughter of Mary ana the late M. G.
Wlnchell, a native of Coluaa County, aged
41 years 3 menths and 22 days.
(T7Friend.« and acqualntancees are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral on Sun-
day. December 11, at 1:30 o'clock, from the
M. E. Church. Vallejo, Cal.
BERTUCCI— In this city, December 7, 1904,
Alfred, beloved son of Mary and the
late Charles Bertuccl,. and brother of Ed-
ward, Ernest, Emma, Irene, Alblna and
Adeline Bertucci. and grandson of Mrs. A.
Prato, a native of San Francisco, aged 1
year 3 months and 28 days.
C7Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Saturday.
December 10. at 1 p. m.. from the residence
cf his parents, 407 Filbert street, between
Dupont and Kearny. Interment Italian
Cemetery.
BGORKMAN— In Oakland. December 9. 1904.
Amanda J. Bgorkman. loving wife of
Ernest Bgorkman. and' mother of Ernestine
. Bgorkman. a native of Sweden, aged 29
years.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, December 11, at 1:30 p. m., at the
parlors of the Howe Undertaking Company,
corner Grove . and \ Twenty-second streets,
Oakland. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery.
BOOTH— In Piedmont, December 8 1904 Julia
Douglas Booth, beloved wife of Lucius A
Booth, and mother of Mrs. C. H. Phelps of
New York and Mrs. P. L. Sherman Jr. of
Piedmont, a native of New Jersey.
ETFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral sen-Ices Saturday. Decem-
b f r TJ,°^ 1904 i "t 2 p ' m - at her late residence
at Piedmont. Interment private.
BOYLE: — In this 'city. December 7. 1904 John
T.. dearly beloved husband of Minnie Boyle
and beloved son of Annie and the late
Robert Boyle, and brother of Mr§. E Pettl-
beau, Mrs. D. Hayes and Robert and Mar-
garet Boyle, a native of Washington DC
aged 44 years 2 months and 22 days. A mem-
ber cf Golden Gate Camp No. 64 Woodmen
of the World. < „'.-
Sp-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
I.Saturday). December 10. at 8:30 a m
from the i>arlor* of H. F. Suhr & Co ' 1137
Mission street, between Seventh and Eighth
thence to St. John's Church (Mission road)'
*'*}*? a »olemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the reuose of his soul com-
£c n .? n £m2ery 9:30 *" m ' Holy
B^?£ Illlj n T — »? thl » c «y. December^. 1904.
Marie Brouillet. dearly beloved wife of
Joseph Brouillet. and mother of George and
Raymond Brouillet. a native of Canada aired
<51 yean 2 months and 22 days
BURHANS-In thli city, December 8, 1904
Vv hla ., reil<lenc ?> 4n Turk »treet. William
John, dearly beloved husband of Maria-Bur?
hans. and loving father of William C
£i pe 2l v- l nd Paultaa M. BurhansTand
beloved brother of Herman J. Burhans a
na^. ve «? f Scfcermb * ck *•' Wesel. Oe^rnany
aged CO years \ 11 months and 8 days a
member of St. Peter'. D. R. k. Unte£
Btutzungs^ Vereln; San Francisco Branch
, No. 197. Catholic Knights of America, and
Vereln Eintracht.
• ET Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services '
to-morrow (Sunday), at 2:30 . v. m.. at . Bt.
.James McGinn. .
james McGinn &co.. ■
Formerly .With McGinn Bros.
— -Funeral Directors and Embalmers-*— :
* 214 Eddy ' lit. -■ Tel." East 86.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER '10, 1904.
Boniface's Church. Golden Gate avenue, be-
tween Jones and Leavenworth streets. A re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated Monday.'
December 12, at above church, commencing
at 8 a. m.. for the repose of his eoul.
Friends are ■ invited to ' attend. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
CAHILL— In South Vallejo. December 0. 1904.
William, dearly beloved son of Martin and |
Elizabeth Cahlll. and brother of John.
Henry. Julia, Margaret and Lizzie Cahlll,
Mrs. John O'Rourke of San Francisco and
the late Laura and Caroline Cahlll, a native
of Vallejo, aged 20 yeara 11 months and 2
days.
lET Friends and acquaintaneees are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
December 11. at 9 a. m.. from the family
residence, t>21 Bay street. South Vallejo.
thence to St. Vincent's Church for services.
Interment St. Vincent's Cemetery. Vallejo.
CAMPBELL— In this city, December 9, 1904,
Patrick Campbell.
The officers and members of Court Apollo
No. 7802. A. O. F., are hereby notified to
attend the funeral of our late brother. P. II.
Campbell, from the undertaking parlors of
James McMenomey & Son. 1057 Mission
street .near Seventh. Sunday, December 11.
at 1^:30 d. m. Fines for non-attendance
strictly enforced.
J. H. FIUREN. C. R.
CURLEY— In Ben Lomond. Cai., December 9,
1904. Alice May. beloved wife of T. H. Cur-
ley, and devoted daughter of Mrs. Catherine
and the late John B. Erb, and sister of Mrs.
Frank R. Devlin of Vallejo. Mrs. J. O.
Cunha and Annette. Kathleen and Frances
M. Erb and the late William H. Erb. a na-
tive of Moores Flat. Nevada County. Cal.
(Napa and Nevada County, Cal., papers 1
please copy.)
(CT Remains at the narlors of Porter &
White, 423 Golden Gate avenue. Funeral
and Interment Sunday. December 11, at
Napa, Cal.
DEMPSEY— In this city. December 9. 1904,'
John Henry, beloved husband of Mattie
Dempsey, and loving son of Mrs. Sherry, a
native of San Francisco, aged 45 years 2
months and 24 days.
DEMPSEY— In this city. December 8, 1004,
Peter, beloved husband of Mary Dempsey,
and father of May. Agnes, Annie, Peter and
Marguerite Dempsey. and brother of Bernard
and Luke Dempsey. a native of County
Wlcklow. Ireland, aged 37 years. A member
of Unity Alliance No. 14. St. Patrick's Al-
liance of America.
(E7-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tha funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 8:30 a. m.. from the parlors
of McFadden, McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Vincent de Paul's Church,
where a requiem hish . mass will bo cele-
brated for the repose of his roul at 9:30
a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
Funeral detail of Unity Alliance will
please assemble at 1173 Mission street. Sat-
urday, at 8:30 a. m. to attend the funeral of
our late brother, Peter Dempsey. Per order
JAS. McDONALD, Pres.
J. J. McGOVERN. Sec.
DROHAN— In this city. December 8, 1904,
James R. Drohan, a native of Massachusetts,
aged 39 years 10 months and 13 days.
E7"Frlend» and acquaintaneees are respect<-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
December 10, at 2:15 p. m.. from the par-
lors of Porter & White, 423 Golden Gate
avenue. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
FEELEY— In this city. December 8, 1904,
William, beloved husband of the late Cath-
'erlne Feeley, and loving father of Willie I
Cormick, Thomas, James. Johnnie and Annie
Feeley and the late Mary Curren, ana
brother of Cormick Feeley, and grandfather
of Mary and Kate Curren. a native of Ire-
land, aged 64 years amd <3 months.
•CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 p. m., from his late resi-
dence. 116 Erie street, thence to St. Joseph's
Church for services at 1 p. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
FOLEY— In this city. December 7. 1004, David
J., husband of the late Catherine Foley. and
father of Mamie, Thomas and the late Josepn
T>. Foley. and brother of Thomas Foley, Mrs.
F. Grothaus, Mrs. B. Nankurvis and Jim. T.
Atkins in. a native of County Cork, Ireland,
aged 57 years. A member of Unity Lodge
No. 27. A. O. U. W.
E7"The funeral will take place to-day
(Saturday), at 0:30 a. m., from his late resi-
dence, 14 Yerba Buena street, thence to St.
Mary's (Paullst) Church for services at 10
a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FRANKLIN— In this city, December 8. '1904,
Martha, dearly beloved wife of Charles
Franklin, snd mother of John B. Franklin,
a native of Louisiana, aged 36 years.
FREY— In this city. Relnhold Frey, father of
Mrs. C. Russell. Mrs. J. Hanlon, and Henry.
Herman and Gustave Frey. a native of
Darmstadt. Germany, aged 74 years 8
months and 5 days.
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services at
Martin's parlors, 319 O'Farrell street, at 2
o'clock, Sunday. Interment Presidio Ceme-
tery.
HENRIOULLE — In this city. December 6.
1004. Stephanie (Nina), dearly beloved and
only daughter of Gregolre and Felicie Hen-
rioulle, a native of San Francisco, aged 24
years. ' ■* -
GTFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
December 11. at 12:15 p. m M from the resi-
dence of her oarcnta, 571A Minna street,
thence to the Church of Notre Dame des
Vlctolres. Bush street, near Stockton, for
eervlcea, commencing at 1 p. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
HICKS— In this city. December 8. 1904. Ella
J.. dearly beloved wife of the late Charles
H. Hicks, and devoted mother of Mrs. A. J.
Holmes, Mrs. Dave Jones, Mrs. R. C. Cun-
ningham and Carl P., Ralph W. and Lottie
Hicks, a native of Cambridge, Ohio, aged 61
years 9 months and 29 days. (Auburn papers
please copy.)
dr Friends and acquaintaneees are respect-
fully Invited to attend the services
to-morrow (Sunday), December 11, at 3 p.
m.. at the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137
Mission street: between Seventh and Eighth.
Interment Auburn, Cal.
HOGAN — In thin city. December 8. 1904,
Catherine, beloved wife of the late Patrick
.. Hogan, and beloved mother of Edward P.
and Margaret Elizabeth Hogan, a native of
County- Waterford. Ireland, aged 57 years.
(Oakland and Boston papers please copy.)
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from her late resi-
dencs. 146 Perry street, thence to St. Rose's
Church for services. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
JACOB — In this city. .. December 8, 190J.
Hannah, widow of the late Manhelm Jacob,
and mother of Rebecca and Hymen Jacob,
Mrs. T. Thorner and Mrs. A. C. Springer, a
native of Germany, aged C8 years 7 months
acd 7 days.
(CFrlends and acqualntancees are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
December 11, at 10 a. m.. from her late resi-
dence, 2>C21 'Lasruna street. Interment Hills
of Eternity Cemetery, via the 11:30 a., m.
train from Thh-d and Townsend streets depot.
KAUFMAN — In Tacoma, Wash.. 'December 9,
1904, Sarah, beloved wife of Herman Kauf-
man, and devoted mother of Dorothy Dan-
hauser and Elsie Kaufman, daughter of Mrs.
Bertha Klaber and sister of Herman Klaber,
a native of San Francisco, aged 35 years..
(New York and Philadelphia papers please
copy.)
IT7Frlend9 and acqualntancees are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
December 13. Interment Salem Cemetery,
San Mateo County, via the 9 a. m. electrio
funeral car, foot of Market street. Ferry de-
pot.
KELLY — In Reno, Nev.. December .9,. 1904,
James ■ J., beloved husband' of 'Annie Kelly,
and eon of Daniel and Sarah Kelly, and
• brother of Charles, John and 'Mary Kelly,
a native of Edinburgh, Scotland, aged 38
years.
KLEEX— In this city, December 8, 1904, at
his tesldence. 2S03 Sixteenth street, corner
Folsom, Henry, dearly beloved husband of
Dorette Kleen; and loving father of ■ Anna
M. Kleen. and brother of Mrs. C. C. Butt
and Mrs. A. Melnecke. a native of Bremer-
voerde. Germany, aged 48 years 2 months
and 24 days. A member of Germanla Club
and Bremervoerde Vereln.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday). December 11, from Union-square
Hall, 421 Post street, between Powell , and
Mason, wtere services will be held, com-
mencing at 1 p. m. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery. • —
LEVY — In this city. December 9, 1904, , Solo-
mon Levy, beloved husband of Gusta' Levy,
and father of Bernard. Mark D. and Charles
Levy, Mrs. Albert Samuels and Emanuel
Levy, a native of Plock. , Poland, 1 aged 84
years.
C7"Friend8 and acqualntancees are respect-
fully* Invited to attend tho funeral ■ sen-Ices
Sunday. December 11, at 10 a., m., at his
late residence,, 1025 Washington street,
thence to Salem Cemetery for interment.' via
11:30 a. m. train from. Third and Townsend
streets. Please omit flowers. :
LILIENTHAL— In this city, December 8, 1904,
1 Ernst, bejovikl husband of the late Minna
Lllienthal. '.and dc-voted - father ■■ of Mrs
Charles D. Manrels, Mrs— E. W. Gunther
and Henrv and Minnie , LUlenthal, *. a
"native of Germany., aged 53 years 1 month
and 24 days.. A member or Keystone , Lodge
No. 2107, Knights of Honor. - ' ..
E7Friends and acqualntancees are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday). December 11, at 1 p. m.. from his
late residence. 1013 Mission . Btreet. between'
Fifteenth and. Sixteenth. Interment - Mount
Olket Cemetery, by '- electric ■ funeral : car ;
;from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets. ... -
MALMBERG— In this city, December 9, 1904, ''
John F., dearly beloved husband of Amanda
Malmberg.\ and devoted " father of Lottie. •
Marie and Albln Malmberg, Mrs.- Fred :
- Almond.. Gus ; C ■. Westenbersr • and the ; late 1
William F. Westenbersr, a native. of Kals-
krona. Sweden.-, aged 64 years ; 1 ' month ; and
■ 27 • days. A ; member, of ■•' Scandinavian So-
ciety^ San Francisco. : . , - ■. . •
/ICTFriends are respectfully " invited 'to at-
tend the funeral' services to-morrow (Sun-
day), at 1:30 p. m.".' at his late residence. 16
Vlcksburg street, oft Twenty-second." between
Church and Sanchez. > Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery. : by carriage. •..■•'•■ ,
McCABE— In this city. "■ December 0. 1904.
= Edwin L.. dearly beloved son of John J. and
Anna I. McCabe. and brother of John.. May,
Joseph > and Irene McCabe. a : native of San
Francisco, aetd 5 years and 10 days.
McMURTH Y— In Los Gatoa/r Cal.. \ December
8. 1904, Dr..W. 8. McMurtry, beloved hus-
band of Olivia A., McMurtry, and father of
Mrs. John Flournoy, Mil. James A. Dick
and George S. Mary O. and Belle S. Mc-
Murtry, a native of ; Kentucky. # aged 86 yeara
3 ' months and 15 days.
IE7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited ' to attend the funeral services
on - Saturday , December 10. at l:3O p. m..
from his late residence In Los Gatow. CaX
MURRAY— In this city. December 8. 1904,
Richard Murray, a native of the parish of
Bohermeen,. County Meath, Ireland, aged 75
years and 5 months.
, E7" Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at. the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767
Mission street.
NATHAN — In. this city. December 8. 1904,
Charlotte Lehnhardt Nathan, beloved wife
of Hermann Nathan, and daughter of Heniy
and Julia Lehnhardt, and sister of Emil and
Ottille Lehnhardt and Mrs. E. O. Webb, a
native of New York.
ICTIntcrment private. No flowers.
NEWMAN— At rest. In Moji, Japan. Novem-
ber 0. 1904. Aaron S. Newman, beloved son
or George and Hannah Newman, and brother
of Harry C. and Lester Newman, a native
of California.
PARRY — At the' Veteran^ Home. Napa
County. December 7, 1904, Adam M. Parry,
beloved husband of the late Mary C. Parry,
and teloved father of Milman, Horace. Ad-
dlson and William Parry, Mrs. . G. Sandy
and Mrs. James Walsh, a oative of Ohio,
aged 60 years 7 months and 10 day.-*.
(EyFriends and acquaintances are reapect-
fuly invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
December 10. at 10:30 a. m.. from the> par-
lors of Iaccberi, Duclos & Co., «29 Broail-
way. Interment National Cemetery, Pre-
sidio. . ,
PELTON— In this city December 9, 190*.
Hazlitt William Pelton, beloved son of Haz-
litt Lee and Almee Eugenie Pelton, a native
of San Francisco, aged 2 years 6 months and
6 days.
KrFriends and acqualntancees are respect-
fully Invited to attend the luneral Sunday,
December 11, at 9:45 a. m., from his late
residence, 419A Oak street. Interment pri-
vate, Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland.
PEREZ— Entered into rest, December 6, 1904,
Lorenzo M. Perez a native of Chile.
(C^Funeral and 'interment' private.
PECARICH— In this city, December 9, 1904,
■ John, dearly beloved husband of Dlnka
Pccarich. and loving father of Katie . and
Antonette Pecarlch, and brother-in-law of
"Vincent and Jerry Fabris, and son of Nlcolo
and Katie Pecarlch of Vis. Dalmatia, Aus-
tria, a native of Vis. Dalmatia, Austria,
aged 34 years 7 months and 21 days.
ETFrlends and acqualntancees are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Sunday) at 1 p. m...at his late
residence, 816 Green street, between Mason
and Taylor. Interment Italian Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.
REGAN — In this city. December 0,' 1904,
Patrick J. Regan, a native of County Cork,
Ireland, aged 38 years.
REPSOLD— In this .city, December 9, 1904,
Gustava, beloved wife of Amandus Repsold,
and mother of Herbart and Thea Repsold,
and daughter of Mrs. Philip Muller, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 33 years 5 months
- and 22 days.
ET Notice of funeral hereafter.- •
RYALL— In this city, December 8. 1904, John,
dearly beloved husband of Johanna Ryall,
and devoted father of Nellie, Alice. John,
Florence, Kathleen and Frances Ryall. a
native of the parish of Bruff, County Llm-
■ erick. Ireland, aced 50 years.
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 8:30 a. m., from his late resi-
dence. 2981 Harrison street, thence to St.
Peter's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 a. m. Inter-
ment Holy, Cross -Cemetery.
SCHWEBS— in this city. December 8, 1904,
Frank A. ('Schweh*. dearly beloved son of
Louis and Julia Schwebs, and loving brother
of Mrs. L. Brodt and Charles, Herman and
William Schwebs, a native of San Francisco,
aged 27 years 2 months and 10 days. (Chi-
cago paDers please copy.)
E7" Friend? and acqualntancees are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday). December 11, at 2 p. m., from
the residence of his parents. 26 Langton
street, between Seventh and Eighth and
Howard and Folsom. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
SULLIVAN— In this city. December 8. 1904.
Margaret, beloved wife of the late Mathew
Sullivan, and father of Thomas, Mathew,
Chris, Maggie and Winnie Sullvan. Mrs.
Peter Harvey, Mrs. Mary Knapp and Mrs.
George Breckles, a native of- Bangor, Me.,
aged 54 years. (Grass Valley, Cal., papers
please copy.)
■ (CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 12:30 p. m., from her late res-
idence, 1423 Folsom street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church for services. Interment
Holy Crcs* Cemetery.
TAYLOR— In East Oakland, December 9, 1904.
Wealthy, wife of the late John Taylor, and
beloved mother of Jennie Taylor, Mrs. Dr.
A. M. Gardner. William L. Taylor and Mrs.
Frederick F. Lloyd, a native . of Pennsyl-
vania, aged 79 years 10 months and 21 days.
CyNotlce of funeral In to-morrow's papers.
WELLS— In this city, December 8, 1004, Ana
R. Wells, a » native of New York, aged 75
■ years 10 months and 2« days.
(ETFriends are Invited to attend , the
funeral services Sunday. December 11, at 2
p. m.. at the Masonic Temple, corner of Post
and Montgomery streets, under the auspices
of California Lodge No. 1, F. and A. M.,
and California Commandery No. 1. K. T.,
as escort.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Fifteen.
Frnch-A Bk.lOC — |Swlss-A Bk..l20 —
Gas Con A.. — ! 20 Truck Elect.. — 12%
Hono P Co.. 28V4 31%|UR InC pfd. 67% 68%
Do pool . . 28 31 1 Do com ... 17 — <•
SALES.
Morning Session.
Street —
100 United Ry Inv Co pfd 67 50
Afternoon Session.
Board — !
ft E I du Pont de Nemours (com) 40 00
6 E I du Pont de Nemours (pfd) 75 00
California Stock and Oil Exchance.
OH Stocks— . Bid. Aasked.
Asso Oil Co Stock Tr Cert 24 25 :>
California Standard 16
Chicago Crude 22 * ....
Claremont 00
Forty 40 42
Four 57 ....
Hanford 200 50
Home 35 ...:
Independence 30 32
Junction 20 ....
Kern River .... 12 00
Occidental of W Va 08 00
OH City Petroleum 69 69
Reed Crude v 2 05 ....
S F & McKlttrick 3 00
Senator 70 ....
Sovereign ; • 30 31
Superior .05
Thirty-three «B 25
United Petroleum 100 CO • T . . .
Miscellaneous —
Associated Oil Co Bonds.... 84 50 ....
SALES.
Morning Session. h'-'
400 Home Oil 41
10C0 Oil City Petroleum 65 !
2000 Oil City Petroleum 67
1500 OH City Petroleum .. 08
4000 Independence 32
/■Afternoon Session.
Board —
600 Four Oil ; 67
400 Sovereign 30
200 Oil City Petroleum 70
600 Forty Oil .40
8500 Independence .'.. 32
' Street —
200 Home OH 43
Mlnins Stocks. ,.
SAN* FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
-Following were the- sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange 'Board yesterday:
Morning Session— Comstocks.
100 Challenge ... 13 1 300 Overman ..... 10,
100 Con Cal & V.I 83 500 Overman 09'
100 Justice Ill 300 Potosi .".....;. .16
2C0 Justice ...... 10 2C0 Savage 24
200 Justice 091 6fiQ Sierra Nev.... 51 •
300 Mexican . ... .1 30 4oo Union Con.... 63
500 Ophfr .......3 851.100 Utah ......... OS
500 Ophir .......3 301 200 Yellow Jacket. 10
Afternoon Session— Comstocks.
600 Caledonia .... 43| 500 Bcorplon ...'... 10
600 Chollar ...;.. 14 GO Sierra Nev.... 60
300 Con Cal & V.I 85[ 600 Sierra Nev... ;; 61
SCO Hale & Norc.l 10! 200 Silver Hill..;. K2
200 Mexican .... .1 30 j' 100 Union • Con. .; . 62
500 Ophlr. .;:.. ..3 40 200*Utah 07
300 Savage ...... 24|
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. ;
Bld.Ask. BidAsk.
Alpha '., 09 11 Julia ...... 07 . 09
Alta ......... .05';. 06 Justice ..." \09 t 10
Andes 23 24 Kentuck . . . . . . 02 03
Belcher ...... 22 23 Lady Wash ... .02 ' 03
Beet & Belch. 1 05 1 10 Mexican ......1 25 1 30
Bullion -. 20 » 22 Occidental ... 78 •' ; 90
Caledonia.... "42 43 Ophlr ........3 35 3 40
Challenge ... 13 15 Overman ...... 00 V 10
Chollar ...... 15 lBIPotosi ........ 10 18
Confidence' ...■ 85 < 90 Scorpion ....... 10 12
Con Cal & V.I 80 1 85iSavage ....... 24 : 25
Con .■ Imperial. 01 02 Seg Belcher. . . 05 C6
Con N Y .... 03 04 Sierra Nev. ... 60 51
Crown' Point. 15 . 17 Sliver Hill. ... 61'. f3
Eureka Con.. — 50iSt. Louis .... — ,07
Exchequer ... 43 . 45!Syndicate .... 12/15
E., Sierra Nev 03 / 05 Union. Con. ... .61 "62
Gould & Cur. 24 25lUtah .". . . . . ... 07 • 08'
Hale & ■ Norc.l 10 1 15|YelIow, Jacket. ; 15 17 |
... TONOPAH AND GOLDFIELD . STOCKS. I
. ; Morning ' Session. ,
1000 Brunswick ... 12| 4C0 Ray A O'Brien 06
2100 Goldfleld Mhk 15110.000 Red ; Top .. " 17
100 Goldfleld-Mhk 16110.000 Red Top ...; lit
-100 Goldfleld Mhk '.17 1000 Sandstorm '.;. 30
1000 Goldfleld. ':.-...' .'63 500 Ton -Gold Mt., 16
100O Jumbo Ex ;. 20 1000 Ton "N Star... 22
100 Mont Top.. 1 67^4 500 Ton : N. Star..'. , .2.1
■ -v.. Afternoon -Seeslon." ,'■.* ;-; ' ' '
1000 Brunswick"... 131 400 Ray & O'Brien' 06
2000 Brunswick ... 1212000 Ton Gold Mt. 16
1000 Kendall ...:. 22| 700 Ton Exten ..2 BO.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
. Tonopah. *
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask,
Ton of Nev..9 62 9 STlRescue • C5 C«
Mont Ton ...1 «5 1 70|Ton & Cal 14 16
Ton Exten ..2 50- IRay&O'Brlea — ' OS
MacNamara .18 20 Paymaster 03 01
Ton Midway.. 34 SiilMlzpaS E* .. 05 —
Ton Belmont.. 70" 78 Little Ton ... 35 —
Ton N Star.. 20 2l|Esperanza .... 01 C3
I Ton Ohio.... 20 25IGold Anchor. . — 20
West End ... 13 15IN Y Ton <5*jn. — 12
Ton Gold Mt. — 17I ,
Goldfleld. .
Sandstorm ... 35 —Goldfleld 63 f5
Red Top .... 15 17 Kendall. . 22 25
Goidfleld Mhlc 18 — Black Butte.. 23 —
Columbia — 20!Booth G M..: — 13 1
Dlamondfleld. 25 27lAdams 10 —
Jumbo 52 54lSllver Pick- .. — IS:
Jumbo Ex...' 20 2llNevada Boy.. 10 — !
Vernal Min .. 11 13!Origr Bullfrog. 13 15 )
TONOPAH MIXING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sale3 on the San Fran- I
Cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday: •
Morning Session. . 1
800 Austin G M.. 30!l(X)0 Nev Goldfleld. lit
1500 Bullfrog Mln. ■•!>« 2000 Paymaster ... 04
7000 Esperanra ... 0111700 Red Top 16
1500 Coldfleld B.B1 C5I 200 Red Top IT
200 Goldfleld Mln. dllOCO Rescue 06 j
300 Goldfleld Mln. »0'10CO Sandstorm ... 25 1
HOO Goldfleld S Pk lSJlOf-O Sandstorm ... i
; 1000 Jumbo 511 200 Ton Belmont. . TS8 r
2000 MacNamara . 20| 100 Ton Ex 2 22V; i
10C0 MacNamara . 101 50O Ton Midway.. 35!
ftOO MacNamara . 1811500 Ton Midway.. 34!
GOO Mont Ton ...1 70' 200 Ton of Nev.. 9 62%
i ICO Mont Ton.. I (17 «. 1 1000 Ton N Star... 23
500 Mont Ton.. 1 72V»ltCC0 Vernal Mln .. CO i
2000 Nev Goldfleld. 121*1000 Vernal Mln .. 10
Afternoon Session.
1 1000 Austin G M.. 30| 50O Red Top 16
' 500 Bullfrog: Mln. 561 500 Red Top IT
1 10C0 Bullfro* Min. 57| f.OO Rescue 05
■ 10CO Dixie Min ... 20'rlCOO Sandstorm ... 83
! 1000 Goldfleld Min. f2| 2C0.Ton Belmont.. 77
10CO Jumbo Ex ... 211CO0 Ton Gold Mt. 16!
100 Mont Ton ...1 7CI1000 Ton Midway..' 38
1500 Mont Ton..! 6714! 200 Ton Midway.. 85
2000 Nev Go!dfleld.* 10I2W>0 Ton N Star... 22
600 Paymaster ... OljlCSO Vernal Mln .. 10 !
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid. Ask. I • . Bid. Ask.
Adams 10 — |Mont Ton. ..1 65 1 67%
Austin O M. 20 20iNev Goldfleld. 11 —
Black Butte ... 20 — IX Y Ton Con. 11 12
I Blue. Bull M. ' — SSlPaymaster ... 04 — I
[Bullfrog Mln. 56 — |Plno Grove .. 10 —
! Columbia 21 — IRay Exten .. — ' 10
! Eaperanza ... 01 C2! Ray & O'Brien — 08
Free Gold M. 15 — IRed Top .... '15 16
Go'.dfleld B Bl — 05|Rescue C5 C6
Goldfleld B&B — 15lRothwell G M. 12 40 1
Goldfleld Min. 62 63ISandstorm ... 32 35!
Goldfleld Mhk — 20! South W M Co 60 1 00
Gldfld Red. L — OOlTon Belmont.. 76 78
■Goldfleld S Pk 17 lSlTon Cash Boy. — 10
Goldfleld Ton. — 10;Ton .Exten ..2 23 —
Gold Mt Con. — C2iTon & Gt W... — 01
Hazel Kirk .. — 12iTon Gold Mt. 16 17
Jim Butler . . 52 55|Ton Midway. .35 36 .
Jumbo 53 SOtTon of Nev. 9 67^ — |
Jumbo Ex .. IS l»|Ton N Star... 20 22 f
Little Ton .. '26 40|Ton Superior. . 02 —
Lucky Bldwln — . ffllUnited Ton ... — 13 '
Lucky Tom .. — O-llUtopia — n
MacNamara . 2* 221 Vernal Min ..09 10
Mlzpah Ex .. 05 —
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
FRIDAY. DECEMBER 9.
Rowena C. Monroe (Gray) (wif« of William
A. II.) to William A. H. Monroe. lot on E
line of Steiner street, 87:6 N of Fulton N
25 by E 108:6; Klft.
Jean B. and Marie Bernon to John G. Rapp,
lot on S line of Page street, 03:9 E of Masonic
avenue, E 37:6 by S 137:6; $10.
Mary E. Kohnke (wife of V. F.) to Jennie
N. Buck, lot on S line of Oak street, 156:3
E of Shrader, E 50 by S 137:6; $10.
Edward J. and Mary A. or Mary E* Keat
ing to Ellen T. Keating, lot on N line of Clay
street. 100:2 E of Walnut. E 30 by N 127:8%;
srrant.
Fraocls Lawler to Hanora A. Lawler, re
rccorj 20S5 D. 2, lot on NE line of Grand
street, 200 SE of Mission. SB 25 by NE
50:8; cift.
Martin Geraghty to Alexander Bond, lot on
SW line of Eleventh street, 200 SE of Bolsom.
SE 60, SW 70:0. NW 50. NE 73: $4500.
' Charles and Bertha Mauser to Hattie B.
Stb'.ey. lot on S line of Fifteenth street. 150
E of Noe. E 25 by S 125; $10.
David C. James to Charles T. Ivens,, lot on*
N line of Cumberland street, 105 E of Noe.
E 50 by N 114. quitclaim deed; $10.
Jennie M. Andrew to same, lot on N Una of
Cumberland street. 105 E of Noe. E 25 by
N 114; $10.
James and Julia E. Campbell (James) to
same, lot on N line of Cumberland street,
130 E of Noe, E 25 by N 114; $10.
Charles and Ann Noonan to Hugh and Kate
Miles, lot on W line of Harrison street. 250
S of Twenty-fourth, S 25 by W 112:6; $10.
Katie O. and Michael Sullivan (by W. N.
Russell and C. F. Killiet. trustees) to Con
tinental Building and Loan Association), 2020
1). 331, lot on W line of Alabama street, 125
S of Twenty-sixth. S 25 by W 100, trustees'
deed; §1776.
Ellen J. or Ellen M. McGlvney (wife ot
James) to Stephen S. Brophy. lot on B hne
of Fair Oaks street, 213:6 N of Twenty-fourth
N 30:6 E 115:2, SW to point opposite begin
ning, Vv 111:8%; $10.
Stephen S. Brophy to William "W. and Elix
abtth G. Wilson, lot on E line of Fair Oaks
street, 213:6 N of Twenty-fourth, N 30:6, B
115:2, SW to point opposite beginning, W to
beginning; $10.
James T. Boyd to John M. Burke, lot on 9
line of Twenty-seventh street, 105 E of Do
lores, E 25 by S 114, quitclaim deed; $1. .
John M. and Marie Burke to Bonaventura
Gamma, same; $10.
Charles E. Wehn to Norman B. Livermore.
lot on W line of Florence street, 114:7 S of
Vallejo. S 22 11 by W 5S:9; $10.
Francis Lawler to Hanora A. Lawler, re
record 2C«5 D. 1. lot on SE line of Natoma
street, 235 NE of Second,* NE 20 by SE 65;
gift. -
Isidor and Berthe Llpman to Hind Estate
Company, lot on NW line of Clementina street,
252:0 SW of Fourth. SW 22:6 by NW 80; $10.
Frances Horn to Francesco Rosnl, lot on SE
line of Folsom street, 275 SW of Seventh. SW
25 by SE 75; $10.
California Title Insurance and Trust Com
pany to William F. and, Delia A. Rlordan, lot
on S line of Twenty-third street, 75 E of Ver
mont. E 25 by S 100; $10.
Elizabeth Blackwood, Joanna M". Wright,
San Francisco and Fresno Land Company and
Wilson Estate Company to Joseph B. Coryell.
undivided D-10 of lot on W line of Kansas
street, 100 N of Alameda, N 60 by W 200;
$10. .
John E. and Nelly C. Mason to Edwin L.
Forster, undivided 1-10 same; $10.
Edwin L. and Luella M. Forster to Joseph
B. Coryell. undivided 1-10 same; $10.
Laura MIrtel (Blackwood). A. C. Mlrtel and
Harry T. Blackwood to same, same, quitclaim
deed; $10.
Jesslo B. and Mabel L. Coryell to Seattle
Brewing and Malting Company, lot on W line
of Kansas street, 100 N of Alameda, N 50 by
W 200; $10. •
George F. Lyon to Henry Schroeder. lot on
W line of Mississippi street, 175 S of Twenty
fifth. S 23 by W 100; $100.
. Frank W. and Emma Fuller to Jeremiah
Coakl-ey, lot on N line of Lake street, 67:6 E
of Twenty-sixth avenue, E 25 by N 108: $10.
John R. and Harriet S. Stroud to William
A. Bocca, lot on K line of Third avenue, 200
S of Clement street, S 25 by E 120; $10. •
Slmcn and Emma Goldsmith to Augusta
Collins (wife of Elbridge), lot on N line of C
street. 54:6 E of Ninth avenue, E 26 by N
72: $10. /
Henry G. and Estelle Meyer to Charles J.
and Louis A. Kern and Ellen S. Kern, lot on
SW corner of Thirty-first avenue and C street,
W 120 by S S00; $10.
Edmond Godchaux to Helene Godchaux. lot
on NE, corner of Forty-sixth avenue and D
street, !B 65 by N 140; $10.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Francisco P. d©
S Nevis, lot on NW corner of Forty-third ave
nue anS K' street. W 57:6 by N 100; also lot
on W lino of Thirty-eighth avenue, 100 S of
U street, S 25 by W 120; also lot on E line of
Thirty-ninth avenue. 200 N of V street, N 25
by E 120; $10. / ' '
Louisa M. Ewald to C. F. Griffin, lot on E
line of Tenth avenue, 225 S of P street. S 25
y Lydla*A. and John Jackson to Solomon GetJ,
lot on E line of Forty-eighth avenue, 25 N
of T street. N 25 by E 120: $10.
Antolne and Grade Borel to Julia M. Klmb
ley lot on SE line of Paris street, 150 NE of
Persia, NE 25 by SE 100, block 19, Excelsior
GustaVR. and Frieda M. Pallas to Michael
and Llzzio M. Stack, lot on NW line of Pre
cita strest, e20:6% NE of Mission, NE 28. NW
150, W 30. SE 164:2^; flO-^ ■ , t _ ;. -
Joseph B. and Mabel L. Coryell to Southern
Pacific Company, lot 60, block , 496, Bay City
Virginia 'and Lulgl Ferrea to Giovanni Gari
baldi lot on NW line of San Josa avenue,
1144-6 NE of Jamac street. NE 25. NW 130.
SW to point opposite -. beginning. SB 131. lot
31. block 1. Bells Roche City; $10. ,,
, David and Rosa. Baker to Ludwig Wegener.
lot on NE line of Twenty-second avenue. 300
BE of K street. SE 50 by NE 100. block 423.
South San Francisco Hemestead; $10. .
Builders' Contracts. ;
Frances " C. McTlgue (owner) - with • Henry
Felge ' (contractor). . architect Henry . Felge^ — All
work for . a " two-story : and basement frame
buildin; : on . lot on N- line, of Alvarado street,
225 E of Guerrero, N 114 by E 25; $4000.
'J.'Welse (owner) with 'Louis Medus & Son
(contractors i and : architects)— All ■ work for. a
two-story i frame building (fiats) ■ on lot' on N
line of Montcalm street, 25 W of • Peralta, W
50 . by ' N 100, ; lots 18 ; and 19, Harris maD 1,
Precita Valley Lands ; $4050.
Baird ; estate '(owners) v with H. H. Larsen
& - Bros, (contractors), architects Salfield - &
Kohlberr — Brick , work, .terra cotta. granite
work >' for a seven-story ; and - basement . brick
bulldingicn lot on S line of Sutter street, 127:6
.W of Grant avenue, W 25 by S 120; $10,840.
Same " owners with v Qulmby & Harrelson
(contractors). 1 , architects same — Excavation and
concrete 'for same on same; $4000. .
■ Hobart Estate Company (owners) with Otis
Elevator i Company ' (contractors), architects
Henry H.', Meyers and R. ."Ward — AH
elevator ' machinery, , alterations.': repairs; - etc.,
for Installation ' of • a direct • elevator . (electric)
In " a' five-story . brick" ' building • on • lot ! on : NW
line "of- Market street. 7:10 from "N line. 'of
Post.'. NE 30:11. ;N «4:9, W 25:1%;- thence at
right angle 82:11;: $3700.
;i Christopher > F. 'Ward (owner) with N. T.
POWDER TRUST
PREVENTS SALE
Restrains Disposal of Its
Stock in the Peyton Com
pany for an Assessment
The powder trust, otherwise the E. I.
du Pont de Nemours Powder Company,
obtained a restraining order from
Judge Kerrigan yesterday which pre
vents the sale, advertised for this
morning, of $300,000 worth of the trust's
stock in the Peyton Chemical Company
for a $30,000 delinquent assessment. An
order was made for the local company
to show cause next Friday why the
injunction should not be made perma
nent and why its books and records
should not be opened for the inspection
of the New Jersey corporation.
The orders were not granted until after
a lively bout between six lawyers in an
ex parte proceeding. The defendant
was represented by Judge Slack, Judge
Allen and Attorney Serf, the plaintiff
by Attorneys Barrett, Madison and Su
tro. The case has been before Judge
Morrow in the United States Circuit
Court. A restraining order Issued by
him was dissolved a few days ago,
whereupon relief was sought In the Su
perior Court. In order that the defend
ants might not suffer, the plaintiff of
fered a bond of $35,000, which was ac
cepted.
The complaint relates that the New
Jersey company is the owner of 3000
of the 6500 shares of the Peyton Com
pany. In August the plaintiff gave a
power of attorney to R. S. Penniman
and asked that fifty of its shares be
transferred to his name. This was re
fused, as were also his repeated re
quests for permission to examine the
Peyton Company's books. It was con
tended that the Nemours Company,
without an access to the books, could
not determine whether or not it should
protect the stock assessed for $10 a
share. It is charged that the knowledge
of the company's affairs is fraudulent
ly withheld and that the refusal to
transfer the shares to Penniman was to
prevent the New Jersey company from
being represented on the board of di
rectors. The complaint says that the
directors of the Peyton Company are.
under th« control of William C. Pey
ton.
Replying to these statements, the at
torneys for the defendant said that the
assessments, amounting to 133,000, had
been paid on the local stock; that the
application of Penniman for permis
sion to inspect the books was for the
purpose of injuring the company, and
that the New Jersey concern could not
maintain an action in the California
courts, not having complied with the
law requiring the filing of copies of its
articles of incorporation.
CIGAR STAND RAIDED.— A cigar stand at
618% Fourth street was raided yesterday by
order of Captain Splllane, who had informa
tion that the place was a gambling resort for
young men. Fourteen visitors and the proprie
tor were arrested.
Knudson (contractor), architect . All work
except mantels, tiles, window shades for a
two-story frame building (flats) on lot on W
line of Third avenue. 175 S of Clement street
S 25 by W 120; $4C0O. '
J. V. Klmball (for estate of John Klmball.
owner) with Cameron & Dlsston (contractors),
architect B. J. i S. Cahlll — Alterations and ad
ditions except plumbing and painting to a
two-story frame building on lot on S line oC
Eddy street 40 W of Scott. W 40 by S 62:6;
$2780.
J. A. Squire (owner) with W. B. Eaton (con
tractor), architect T. Paterson Ross — All work
for a two-story attic and bepement frame
building (flats) on lot on S Rne of Hayes
street. 131:3 E of Cole, E 25 by S 137:6:
$4535. :j
STATEMENTS
OF THE CONDITION AND AFFAIRS OF THE
SPRINGFIELD FIRE and NATIONAL FIRE
MARINE INSURANCE COMPANY
IIICIIDAMPC PM1DAUV ' O r HARTFORD - ** the state or con-
INoUHANbt uUmrAni V nectlcut> oa 31st day December.
A. D. 1903. and for th© year ending on that
OP SPRINGFIELD. IN THE STAT £ OF day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner
Massachusetts, on the 31st day of Decem- ot the Stat { Calrornl , .„_„,., t ZZ*
t&'tfJ'Sutt The \ h nVrance^£ KS^oS S"S 5 £
eloner of the State of California, pursuant to Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-
the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the nlshed by the Commissioner.'
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur- CAPITAL,
nlshed by the Commisslo^r Amonnt of
A g^y..?f?y..?!?!! > :.?r. i f."?|XOOftOOOM la C " h IWOjUWOJ
ASSETS. „ ' " ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.... $227.000 00 ««al Estate owned by Company... $354,853 23
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 554.500 00 Loans on Bands and Mortgages.. 617.713 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks • ■ •*. ■ Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company... 4.536,144 00 and Bond , owned by company. 4 7S3 T>* on
Sn £ BanT*'* S
ketable securities as collateral.. 14.873 00 Cash in Banks 333,379 90
Cash In Company's Office 2.048 20 Premiums in due Course of Collec-
Cash in Banks -♦ 891.514 OS tlon 571.729 0*
Interest due and accrued on. all • * ***
Stocks and Loans 83.868 87 Total Assets .'. <« 464 an* m
Interest due and accrued on Bonds ,,_..„ ' ' .
and Mortgages. 13.740 63 LIABILITIES.
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
.tlonii. 833,24222 Losses adjusted and unpaid $$1,924 77
Rents due and accrued 519 59 Losses in process of Adjustment
Total Asset, tMOM*- S^pSSTL^^i^™ »g« »
LIABILITIES. Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
Losses adjusted and unpaid..: $79.923 84 °'°* on « year or Ie »". «2.«l. r
Losses in process of Adjustment or »1» 37; reinsurance 5O per cent.. 1.453.309 T»
In Suspense 124.003 91 Gross premiums on Fire Risks rua-
Losses resisted, including expenses 28.438 43 n in» more than one year. $3,203.-
O X 9 g P re 1 Te S ar OP cr F1 ?e t « Rl9 $2.S T :: bS^'tSST^ "* "** ''^^ M
0S7 26rrelnsurance 50 per cent. . 1.169.043 63 Special reserve 80.000 00
Gross Premiums on Fire Risks run- >r«»-« t ».x<t»i ' —*
nlng more than one year. $2,413.- Tot^ Labilities $3,621,663 S3
274 21 ; reinsurance pro rata 1.260.414 40 — | .
Commissions and Brokerage due INCOME.
and to become due 127.048 44 XT . .
. . . Net cash actually received for
Total Liabilities... K . $2. 788.960 65 Fire premiums t3.973.10t 43
' ~t~su-» " ' R « c « lv «<l Interest on Bonds and v
INCOME. » *\ Mortgages 23 82S id
Net cash actually received for Fire Received for Interest and dividends
Re^iveaTormUr^onBond'and; 13 - 208 ' 18103 « , Bonds Stock,. I^n, „*
Mortgages 27.74103 from all other sources 2O4.J4T 23
Received for Interest and dividends Received for Rents jo ■>— » »»•
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and ' **
from all other sources 177.663 51 Total Income $4 231 "it (U
Received for Rents 5.83173 ■ 1 .
EXPENDITUREa
™» l toCOme * U1M17re K«t amount raid for Fire Lo,, e ,
EXPENDITURES. (Including $270,723 22. lesaea of
Net amount paid for Fire Losses previous years) 12,020 2TS IS
(including $360,426 72. losses of Dividends to Stockholders . . ' 12O0OO m
D^n^J^khoi^r;:::::::::: 11 -^:^^ ™£22r* for Co ™ l '*°«°*
Paid or allowed for Commission or «*.m, V, "« 733.339 13
Brokerage, 608,64243 Pald for Series, Fees and other
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other charges for officers, clerks «tc 230 S83 73
charges for officer*, clerks, etc. 143.410 67 Paid for 8tate. National and Local
Paid for State. National and Local taxes \ t * cal m ., fl „
ArotheV^ym^U^a-^ndi: 123 ' 1<B M All p.rment. and .x^ndll
* tures r. 804.134*3 tUr «* ',' 2S3.C53 99 .
Total Expenditures $2,938,792 94 Total Expenditure* $3,621,733 5O
Losses incurred during the year... $1.531.200 84 Lew *» incurred during; th» year.. $2. 063.963 93
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums. Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks Net amount of Risks ~ ~"
written durins; the written during the
>e^mounVVf-R.s > k; l381 - 0M ' M2$4 - 424 - M<I7<l W'™**
\ expired during the expired durins; the
'year ••.•- S16.273.631 3.873.312 60 »*ar 493.090.790 3 238.43120
Net amount in force Net amount In force < ~""""- tw ».-».«»»»
December 81. 1903.. 415.628.844 t 4.731.361 47 December 31. 1903. 870.483.468 6,227.772 30
A. W. DAMON. President JAMES NICHOLS. President.
W. J. MACKAY. Secretary. '«_,„_. B - P " ST1LLMAN. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 23th _°?&scnb«d and sworn to before me. this
day of January. 1904. Hth day of January. 1004
PERCT S. OATBS, Notary Public. FRED B. SEYMOUR. Notary Publla. -
LOUIS L. JANES CO. C1TY agency :
HAYWARD BUILDING AHPEL & BRUCKMAN
CITY (SAB FRAWCISGO) ASEjTS. 215 Sansomc Street.
BOOMS 306-310. HATWJUtS T7XU>XVQ **
»**y jt'jfciVA. xr exsco c a x§
quo. w. ao»Hnr l A..i«» lflr , no , a D owrar7a<i A«t. m^«.
UNITED STATES BRANCH
STA TEyVYEINT
COXDITIOX AND AFFAIRS
OP THE
LIVERPOOL ASD LONDON
AND GLOBE
ISURAEE COMPANY
OF LIVERPOOL. ENGLAND. ON THE 81st
day of December. A. D.. 1903. and for the
year endlnz on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, oursuant to the provisions of Sections
610 and Cll of the Political . Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.. $1,866,013 OO
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 3,498.730 00
Cash Market Value ot all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. 3,757,406 2S
Cash In Company's Office 8.580 43
Cash. In Banks • • 1.308.552 tfci
Interest due and accrued on
Bonds and Mortgages 45.433 03
Premiums in due Course of Col-
lection • 1.043. 64S 94
Rents due and accrued 10.000 00
Due from other Companies for re-
insurance on losses already paid 2,531 91
Total Assets ll2.O56.9la 50
LIABILITIES. — — -
Losses adjusted and unpaid $24 10
Looses In process of Adjustment
or in Suspense 693.938 M
Losses resisted. Including ex-
penses iiii'VUM' 67.230 00
Gross premiums on Tin Risks
running one year or less. $5.-
010.232 40: reinsurance 50 per
cent ™""«'.'C" 2 - 50S ' 1 *l 20
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
runnlns more than one year.
ra^: 83 - 6 ?: .!! i . nTOnUlCa ... Pn r 2.760.206 M
Ccmmissions and Brokerage due
and to become due 225,560 23
Due and to become due for Re-
turn Premiums and Reinsur-
ance 287.122 53
Amount reclalmabla by insured
on perpetual fire policies 27S.323 SO
All other Liabilities TO.72O 79
Total Liabilities $6.306.376 13
INCOME. ~~ ~
v*t cash actually received for
Fire premium. $8,337,833 7*
Received for Interest on Bonds
and Mortgages 130,140 64
Received for interest and divi- • v , ,
dends on Bonds. Stocks. Loans
and from all other sources.... 153.313 04
Received for Rents 96.441 63
Total Income $7.233.634 10
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $588,333 23. losses
of previous years) $3,476,913 10
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage 1.120,975 78
Paid for Salaries. Fe«s and other
charges for officers, clerks, eto 377,131 OS
Paid for State, National and.
Local taxes 174,200 T4
All other payments and expendi-
tures 434.908 11
Total Expenditure* $3,592,839 79
v - Fire.
Losses Incurred durins; tha year.. $3,603,883 13
Risks and Premiums. I Fire Risks. I Premiums.
Net amount of Risks)
written during thel
year i$3S3.3S4,S01 $10,532,130 73
Net amount of Risks
expired durins the
year 883,703.407 9. 158. 681 43
Net amount 'n force
December 31. 1903. 953.557.912 10,174.066 03
HENRY W. EATON. V. 9. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to befora me, this
8th day of February. 1904.
W. H. W1LDEY. Notary Public
County of Westchester, X. T.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT:
422 California Street, SAN FRANCISCO
CHABLES D. haven, Refluent Secy.
q MASON KINNE, Assistant Sefy. . j^>.
Weekly Call, $1 per YearCOMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
\c:j York Stocks from y 2 to 3 points higher. Cotton firm.
Loral Securities quiet, with Alaska Packers sharply higher.
Slight variations in Silver and Exchange.
Wheat. Barley and other Grains not materially changed. ;
Hay lower on the best grades. Bran firm and Beans dull.
Cheap Potatoes from the river still accumulating. Onions firm.
Poultry and Game in large sii!>plv and weak.
Rain\ ZL'eather checks the demand for fresh Fruits.
Butter firm. Eggs steady and Cheese easy.
Provisions still inactive in all positions.
Cattle, Sheep and x Hogs unchanged.
(JraJn Exports In Xo%-ombcr. I
. The exports of Wh< at end Barley from San
X*r*nci»eo by tea In November, 1904. were
WHEAT.
To— Centals. Value*.
<»reat Britain 235. CIS $34O,S37 ]
Hcwaliaa Islands 1,414 2.2S1
•7> ft »,iti S 1 " 87 '
N'orembwi isixt '.". ' '. '. '. '. '. '. .\ojztt % 72,31 ti
To — Centals. Values
Great Britain '....<■«.. %4» »5«T2.ir.i
Hawaiian Islands 30.CW7 41.C56
Australia 13.440 17.472
Tahiti 37.'i 4f2
Mexico *O M
-^^ . ,
TolIs 4C3.4SI $561,746
Xm^rabfr, 19*13 333,2S» $412,099!
Tb^re were twelve whole or part car^cx* ;
Reared for Groat Brttfiln last month against
**v«n In November. 1903. The ehipments of j
"ft fc/*t to Great Britain in that month were
. taken In sniai: quantities and chiefly as stif
fening for Barley carcoee.
Storks and Cotton.
The Nnr York wires of E. F. Hutton St
Co. >eft«*rdsy £aid:
PTCH^KS— The h»-avy buyinf of r"^ railroad ;
rtockB and the steel iseuos to-day by important '
i'ntere^th «as a favorab'.e (afltieaoc on the iren- j
Tal msrket and we ran nnly f<^l in looking |
ba>Ck ovt-r the p&f. two days that the heavy j
<J<»<::ine through th«» list was done to uncover j
'.« larpe lln» of fy><^ula;iv«> account* thRt had 1
been pyramld«Kl Tor a month an4 Rhowed heavy I
pajier profits. There «-ems little doubt now j
. that «">me heavy lines of *tt«ck were boing car- j
ri»Kl this way and that the people were In the
markrt mere thsn purposed. This factor by I
'stre!f made the pr-sition of the banks unten- j
able_«nd «spor.ially at this particular time of j
th» yesr, when l,ar.kirp inFtltutioni" rt-quire !
all their available < aF*i for the January dis- j
kulf'm'ntt. Th^ ter.eral bUElneKo situation :
was nfvtr stronger nor th« outl<x>k brighter for j
tndUtUlall during the coming year, and these i
• wmittes must enjoy much higher values in j
t906.
■ «'OTT«">N — The weather was generally favor- I
. 8'.>1» -thiouirhout the brtt. On the weak cables )
:;jm r».i nur <>r»nfnjr the roark»M opened easy. 1
, i>ix tr> jvrfnt? down. There was plenty of )
I'uyinir orci^re at the opening and the mari:»t ;
r;i!li<-<i taeily som» twenty-flve points from the
opening price. Phorts covered finely and New !
Orleans was -a. heavy buyer in our market.
The indir-aticr? point to a continuance of j
steady < omiitlons fr>r awhile, but no important |
■activity rr ftrengtli 1« rxp<»ct» > <l to develop, i
Boutbam plantrrs and merchants are refusing I
to sell to any extent at th»^e prleen. but spin- j
r.fi* are not over-anxious buyer* and are mori j
, inclined to hold off In the hope of getting their
•■ ttoo at further < onre**ionF.
; The Cotton Kxchar.ge has received a tele
pram from Statistician Hyde at Wa«hlnRton
•I'T.yinK the report of an error in the Depart- j
r.ifnt of Asriculture's rrcrnt statement on cot
"nn crop and Kayin«r there was no reason to
change the eytimate on the yield.
EL\STI£R.V MARKETS.
Now York Money Market,
NEW YORK. Dec. 9— Close: Money on call
—Steady at 2®4 per cent; closing bid and of
fer* d. 2hi per cent. •■. *'
Time Joans — Steady, with »:xty and ninety
day* and six months at 4 per cent.
*■■ Prime mercantile paper — tffl** per crat."
.Sterling exrhanp<» — Firmer, with actual busi
re« bankers' UWs at M.SG15©>4.ME5 for de
mand and at $4.s.V)«j4.S."16 for sixty day bills.
Posted rctrs— U S4» i '3i S7>fc.
• Cammetcial hills— ?4 $3%.
■ Bar silver — COc.
M> xi' ::-i dollars — tSi^c.
. Bonds — Governments, wteady; railroads, firm.
Ncu York Stock Market.
NEW Y<iRK, Dec. 9.— Succeeding the con
a»ticn in the ctock market yesterday the
botne of prices, to-day lolloTrirtg according
t » rule with a series of lessening fluctuations.
Affr the violent rally of yesfrfiay afternoon
»« wet to be expected that there should be
a renewed <5!p this morning. There were se\'
trzl nrmal causes to be locked to to pro
du^* thir result. There were the holdings of
room traders *»eyrp<l *>n the decline yesterday
0:1 A'hlca quick profits would Inevitably b«
p-urht on the first considerable rally. There
were some b&!*^ to b« of holdings
ll.nl haJ been pccurnulated simply with the
; .■:■>■■ al Fupp-.Tting the market In Its pe
rtixl of sreatf-st v.-eakness. As London was
■ ke< n borer hr-re on the break there was
»-:n* notable i>rofit-tekin« from there on the
1 VN r !evr!. whlrh h*lf*d to beat back prices
th:» mornicc- In a demoralized market like
tr.at <>'. yesterday there are rpeculatlve hold
• ■ Btxanc eooofb to nave their holdings from
tmd»*> iracrince at the moment cf greatest
•wtaknes* who are mil under rrepsure to
l!i.h:tn th^ir load on the first rally after so
vi'Ur.t a broak. The recovers- In prices has
the ofrVft aJ^o of drlrtnr out of the market
the hard-headed "bargain hunters" who ap-
X**.r in WaJl street only in periods of panic
t-'. buy etocks. 01; perhar* in periods of boom
fend Inflation to nil. There was also the
nutura.! uneai-inwB as to the depth of the
•round* Inflicted yesterday and the possible
c.n.«r-cu»nr*>«. All of th«>*e w»>re contrlbut-
Inc c&uees to the nervous/break in prices In
to-<!ay« early market, in which the losses ran
from 1 ' to 2U r>olntB In an extended list of
important properties. The r»<-overy promptly
eet In as soon ar it m-ae announced that ell
*h*ets had gone through the Stock Exchange
rifAring-hiwse successfully, that being equiva
i*nt to an ar.r.wnc«rr.er.t that all financial em
barrassments hsd J»e*n avoided. Th»re was
hesitation and dullness when the recovery had
reached about last aisht's cloFics; level axaln.
But the lieht pressure to eell at th» recov
ered ■ leve-l of prires encourae«d cpeculattve
•rtitimpnt said induced to 'much confidence
that.pric** were pushed upward again agcres
aively with aoma evidence of a resumr.tion of
ri«r>ra.tlons by epeculetive pool*. In Bplte of
yesterday's severe lesson. Money proved to be
tn plentiful eupply and the rate for call loans
fell back racily. The severe discrimination
arainwt sora* securities as collateral, which
»'a« a factor in breaking the market yester
day, was B-jmewiiat relaxed. The announce
ment of tb* ♦TiM^ement of $5o<i.000 KOld in
Parts for importation had an eT^ct on senti
ment, althouch the curious cross currents of
the present gold movemrr.t are E*en to be quita
aiJart from the orridltlon of the rxrhange mar
ket. T^e ease of the call-money market was
accMUed as a better Index of the extent of
the liquidation yesterday than will be given
by to-morroWp bank statement, which prob
stbljr will reflect the loss of carh du* to gold
exports and trar*rer» to the Interior through
• the Subyeasury and only ellKhtly the loan
contraction, owing to the operation of the av
»ras#> pygfTn of computation. The Missouri
Pacific bond sales and the- estaWlshment of
dividends on f^outhem Pacific preferred were
helps toward reviving speculative fspirits. Be
fore the end of the day the declines had been
.transformed lrto gains of I to 2 '4 for the
I>rincii>eJ active stocks. The tains' were not
fully held and the doling was rather eacy.
Bond* turned firm after some early de
clines. Total sales »par value). $5,335 000
. l.'nited Etates bonfle were unchanged on call.
New York Stock List.
E. F. Hutton & Co., 430 California street.
S«n Francisco, members of the New York
Ftock Exchange, furnish the following official
Quotations of that Exchange:
6ale».| * STOCKS. |High!Low.| Bid.] Ask.
'Adams Express. 235 I24«~~
178,fKXKAmalsr Copper. .! C9?, 63H 68%i C8%
.r....!Amer Can Co. ..I ;.... \\ 11^
* I Do P'd ...n...| «0H <W>6,
2.3<W'Am Car & P,f«.| 33 S2U 32^ 33
V.OfHij Do pfd.... 1 .... »2»4 fr2 92H 83
■-.l.OuOlAmer Cot Oil,.. 26Tt, 25'.4 36 I 36>4
! Do pM ! 1,4 87
300!Am Diet TelesT. 37 36 I 37 I S3
..'Amer Ex I211W 212'i
SSO» : Ain G T Co 11% 1IU 1114 n«i
1.400! Am H & L 11 10% 10\ H
3 000I- Do pfd 45H 44 | 45?i 40
S.fiOo'Aroer Ice 8% 7% « 814
100! Do pfd 88% 38% I 37% S$i%
I Am Linseed pfd i 41 j 42
. S.«<Kt:Amer Looo Z4*4 32 ! 34 34%
I Do pfd 103>,i 1O2'5 !103li|l04
!Amer M^lt t 7*4 1 6«S4I 7«,j 7«
-AftOfti Ho pfd I 271^1 25>4t 27' I 27i|
" 1.2nn'Am S & R Co..! 80T4I 78 L8O«I 81
• Wio' Do pfd Ilia-, 111 1111 1112
M.SOOlArr.er Fugar . .ll«3',i!14OUI142%ll43
! Do pfd I I !IS8 1141
Um Tel & T Co! .! 1149 llSrt
..I !Am Tob pfd I I I J>» I S>7
.: lAmer Woolen ..| »« 20 | 21U! 22
I Do pfd 193 92-r 02 94i;
l.ioo' Anaconda 104 100 102 104
-Ann Arbor 32 33
Do pfd ! 1 33 | 36
19.6(K- A T * S F....i B6» S-»^l SCV;( M%
3,000 Do pfd |103 |102 ]102»i 1O3H
7».Si>0 Bait A Ohio r.l»0%||97H 100% lOCJgT
( Do pfd 1 95 05*
! IBay State Uas.j | *s Vi
I 21,(X>o;b R T I 63 Vi! tJC% 62?i 62%
I .Bklyn Vn Cas.., 1 215 220
I Bruns D & 1...J j 11 11*4
iButterick Co ...I «1 «1H
400Canada South...! 71 70 70 72
3,«K»O Canedian Pac. .. 131N, 12S4 131 V t 13m
f.400|C & O 1 47% 45% 47> 3 47*4
2(.K>;C & A I 41 40 4O>4 42
200i Do pfd I 80 78 80 b5
I 2WCAO.W 23 21 "g 22% 22Ti
1 1 Do pfd "A" C7 71
3.500i Do pfd "B".. 36 35«» S5«4 364
I I Do debs [ S8'«i«>
l.tWc & N W 206HI2U6 20641207
26.KI0JC M & St P 171<*ilCSV4 171»i|171%
100; Do pfd 1£2 !184
! 16.r.00C RI& P<new) 34»,[ 32>,» 34% 34V»
1200! Df> nfd P4%' 84 84i. 4 84^
....'.. Jc R 1* & P 4 1 «.l 81V 4 SI*
8,I00ia'.go Term ISHi 12!» 13 14
4CK) Do pfd 23^123 23 24
Chicago Vn Trac 125b 11 12% 13
I Do vf& 40 45
sooc «; «: * Ft l .. S9T* B»% »T% »o
I Do pfd H'» 1J5
> iCleve Lor & W.j 7<> 80
! I Do pfd I »° t»20
3.000 Colo Fue! & Ircn ; 4S ! 43^, 47><. 47%
j Do pM i ' W * s
l,S<v»Tolum H C & I I 18Ui !«** 18 1<? 'i
800;co!orado So ....! 21% 2O- S 21>i 22
! ; Do 1st pf<J ...; r,7»T K%\ fuj, -6S
Do 2d rfd ; i 3* V» 35
3.C0O'Consol GaF 2«Tn'» 2C?%:2C1)H 200%
l.COOCen Tob pfd ...il28Hi!27 U28«i 129
S.OOCi'Corn Prr.ducts . . i 22 I 2m! 21% 22
oO»l| Do pfd i 7.»»4I 7!» i '.UK 79%
L4C0 Del ft Hudson ..1ST .lS0 T i'lS(>Vtll*>7
1O01D L i W I I !:J25 |335
i 70O.D & R a ; 31 H 1 SIVij 31 \i 32
6C0; Dr, pfd S6 I 85H 86 K«»,
! Des M & Ft D ! 24Vi 2r» *
i • Detroit Us Ry 1 7« 70
S00 Detroit So <?»» 6 6 «4 I
i Do pfd ! 27% 2S»i !
• 'Diamond Match \ 137 13S
] 2.300jDistil S«K:ur 38% 3S 88 38^
I Do bonds i 78 7«4
'Duluth S S & A. ! HHt 13
I Do pfd ! 21 23
BO.30OiErle j 3S*i Hfi 37Ti 3«U
6.60ftj Do 1st pfd ... 75Va 74 75^ 75iU
1.900 Do 2-! pfd t. ...I 51 54 5<i% 57
!E & T H 1. ...:.| «0 <T!
I Do pfd ••-•- 80
1.000 General EIpc ..1S7 !185 !lS0>4 187»4
I 'Great No pfd... .!..... J218 228
3.000' Green Cons C-"-p..^ 34 1$ 32 '4 1 34 34 'i
i iHavana Tob Co..! '..„.! 33 35
I I Do pfd !.....! ,144 145
500 Hocking Val ...I 92 I ftOt^l SO f>0
2001 Do pfd ! 92 190^192 \M
7.800; Illinois Central .jl55>4ll. r >2%i 154%|1M
100 Intor Paper I 23 i 20 Vi 22»ii 2.1
! Do p.'d 78>i 79>4
! Inter Power -i. ! «4 I »34>4
40o;inter himp 1 SSI, 3S% .TJ 40
! Do pfd 85 87
500:iowa Central .. 29 T i 29^» 29Vi 30
! Do pfd „'...... 54 50.
llvanawha & Michi 1 38 40
500 ;KC FtS & Mpfdj 83 | M>i{ 824 83>i
3.600 Kans City So.. I 27%: 27 I 27H 27%
4.90CI Do pfd I 0Ui| 49 ClTi 62
iKeokuk *JDes M 16 IS
Laclede Gas pfd. 85 09
ILnke Erie & W.l .17 ?.!>
! Do nfd J I m 100
iLong iFland | 5S I H2
13,800.Louis & Xash...'143 (141 I142I.4I142-T4
700!Manh3ttan llCo '104 !164Hjie5 1 i
IManhnt Beach...! | 9^ H
5.C00 Metropolitan Seel 8'»4 79 7U% 79TA
•-•-•••jMet St Ry jl21%|lW% 121^, 121%
7.300'Mexican Central. I 21^1 20 219a 21%
IMinn & St L j ! $•>' <>5
I Do 1st pfd I I f»3 PH
lOO'M. St P & S S M SO 90
i Do pfd 1 144 14.1
R.20OMO. Kan & Tex. .T3 31% 324! 32&&
3,500; Do pfd 63 C14[ C2%\ CT
47.300"Mi!=?«ouri Pacine.!10S%!l<XJ llO8«?!lO8?i
jNash. C & St L.j 1 143ii'14f!
1,400 National Lead...! 23^1 22% 23%l 24
I Da ijfd ! 8B>i| 8S
INtl R R Mcx pfd' i I 42 42%
ROOlNational Biscuit.! 55^1 55>,;l 65% I 55 li,
1 Do p;a i : !H54!ii64
l.OOONew Jersey Cen.llfll |1S94|19O 1192
200 N Y >ir Brake.. il5S llMU|l5S 11584
New York C«ar.)l3S*i(l87HtUSU|l38V
TOO! N Y. C & Gt L.| 43% 42 43% | 45 '
I Do l*t pfd 1 1 U12 1120
....... Do 2-i pfd I 70 178
New York Dcok. j. . ., .] IS 24
N Y. N H ft H.j 1IW4H9S
R.COn N Y. Ont & W.I 44>*| 434 <* I 44»1
23.900 Norfolk & West.! 7S>,i 75% 774 77%
! I Do rrd i I ! 02 m
l.MWNorth American. 1102 |100%|l0l 101%
20,Of*0Northern Secs...jl27 |119 1 ,i!127 127
300 Omaha !100 1150 |l5O 158
! D> pfd jiao 105
,O E L 4? 1 103% 104
(Pacific Coast I ! 75 .77%
I Do 1st pfd j 08 105
I Do 2d pfd f 1 81 83
l,600:PaciCc Mail | 44 | 404 4*4 44%
84.4OO;Penn It R Co...!l37 !135>i!l3fl T 4 137
lL500;People's Gas 1107% 108
1,900'P. C. C & Bt L.| 79 77 I 784] 79
I Do pfd !l04i<.|I0f»
4.300!Pr*ssed Steel Car! SS4I 37V4! 1S« 3S%
l.lOOl Do pfd I 89%! 8S4I S!>>4 »0
IPulIman Car Co. I | !23S 241
3,000!Ry Steel Sprlngsl 32% f 31U 31% 32%
Do pfd 90 91
B7.70O Reading 78%! 76 77% 78
200 Do lft pfd.... 90 S9% 00 81
B0f>! Do 24 pfd -&VL 81 81 S2
300,'Republic S & I.. I64 144 IC4 16'4
£00 Do pfd 684 <57 fS'I 684
2.200!Rubber Goods...! 27% 25% 27% 23
900 Do pfd I 96 »34 flo JXi
300'Sloss S S & I Co! CO 594 CS4 CO
j Do pfd J A 1C2 100
St J & O I.....1 1 15 ' 17
Dolstpfd I 62 58
Do 2d pfd 24 29
St L&S F 1st pfd|. 77 79
1.200! Do M pfd ...! 07 6fi«4 W% 67
2.«0f>'St L & R W...! 2O''.| 2SU| 2C% 264
6.1WM Do pfd I f,-%\ 65 I 57 574
4:.,CO(i'Sonthern Paclncl «3*il f,l%] «534 ai?j
', Do pfd 1184I11C%!118 118Vi
24.SOft l ScuthPrn Ry ."5»i 34^1 35 % 3.-1,4
2.eo<y Do pfd ! ns% 95 ur,y t 95% "
'Standard Oil ,..l C35 640
'Standard R * Ti 34 4»i
ll.IOOTenn Coal & Iron! 71 'i 67*4 71 I 7114
(Texas P L T Co! 38 40
100'Texas Paclfi'- ...! r.5>i' 344 •"«•'•%( TO%
lOOiThird Avenue ...131 "1 130 130 |13I
(Toledo R & T Co' ! 23Vi| 211%
1.400JT. St L * W..I 3«4 35 36U M'4
1.800 Do pfd (CSV* 634 ''5 55ii
Twin City R TI 105 KM
300;Un!on Ear & Pi 11 "6 10"i 11 11 '4
Do pfd I 74% 78
P2,500X*nlon Pacific . ..IIll%|10!»«4 111U ni'i
1.200! Do Pfd I »(5 95% 05 S5%
Do conv 4s ...1 110% 111'
I ITnlted Copper ..I v . 9 10%
«OOiUnlted R of 8 F| 23Vi 22 2:{ 24
LOOOt Do pfd I CS 66 «7% C8
I Do 4« I R71J «7«i
ROO'lT S Cart I Pipe! IRT4 17% 18%| 19
1.0001 Do pfd 79% 7«»&| 79%| 7»%
23K,2O0!u P Leather ... 20% 17%| 19%| 197^
24,6001 Do pM 1105 102 U034I103S,
1.&COIU S Rubber ....I 32 SO . | 31% 32%
1.800 Do pfd I 93 91%) 02 V 4 93
17O.400iU S St?et Cor... I 29% 27 I 20% 294
12«.2OO! Do pfd I 9141 »7% 01 91%
1.9^0! Va -Car Chem Coj 4141 40 40% 41
soo! Do pfd I113411134 1134114
2.900! Waba«h { 224 21%l 224 22«;
2,4001 no pfd ......I 45 43 1*44% 44 %
I Do <l*b Bs I 88 884
IWells Farco Ex. ..... .....1244 249
COOlWestern Union.. 92% 92Vi| 924! 93
1 lOOi'WestlnKhouse ..180 1794I1794J1S0
...'....I Do 1st pfd .1190 |191
! Do 2d pfd .....120 204
11.000 W &.L E ...... 20 174119 -M
200 Do 1st pfd ... 46 I 4541 454 474
«00| Do ZA pfd ... 27Ul 2«4| 27Vi 28
l.OOOlWIsconsln Cen.. 22% 2ls.l 22% 22%
. 1.000! Do pfd ( . 46 j 45% j 46 46%
1.6S3.8S5— Total shares sold.
New York Bonds.
U S ref 2« rec..lO4%lL & N unified 4«.1O3
Do coupon 104% iMa neon gold 4s. 105
Do 3s reg 1044|Mex Central 4s... 76%
Do coupon 10441 Do 1st Inc. ..r. 22
Do new 4s reg. 120% IMinn & St L 4s.. 97
T>o coupon 131 |M. K * Texae 4*. 111114
Do old 4s reg.105%1 Do 2ds . 854
Do coupon 10M4INR of Mcx con 4s 814
Atch gen 4« 1C2% N Y C gen 34s.. 100%.
Do adj 4s.. »4UlN J C Ken Be 135%
Atlantic C L 4s. «8\i Xor Pacific 4s 1W>4
Bait A Ohio 4s. .103%! Do 3b 754
Do 3%s^ 90%|Nor & W con 4s.l00%
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. DECEMBER 10, 1904.
Central of Ga 5s.lll (OSL 4s & partlc.lO-JTi
Do 1st inc Dl |Pa conv 34» 1C2%
Ches & Ohio 44s.lO7 IReadlng gen 4s... 1(24
Chi & Alton 3Vis.~S2iilS L & I M con 5s.llO
C. B & Q new 4s.lC0 |S L & S F fg 4s. S94
CM & SP gn 4s.llOT*-St Louis SW lsts. 97v t
C & NW con 7«.128% (Seaboard A L 4s. S5
C. R I & Pac 4s. SOTfelSr t'aciflc 4s »34
Do col r>s.> !>!% ISo Railway 5s 119V.
C.C.C & SLgn 4s.l01^Tex & Pac lsts..ll!»t;
Chi Term 4s 84%tTol St L & W Is. S'M^,
Cons Tobacco 4s. N2 |Unlon Pacific 4s. 100
Colo & So 4s Sn% ! Do con v 4s 111%
Colo Fuel & I 5s. 85 fD S Steel 2d 5s.. 91%
Den & Rio G 4s.lCl^iWaba«h lsts 117%
Erie prior lien 4s. 101 41 Do deb B «8U
Do gen 4s 92 |W & L Brie 4.«... 93
F W & D C lots. 1OS}; twin Central 4s... 92 '
Hock Val 44s... Ill I .
New York 'Mining Stocks.
Adams Con 25|LlttIe Chief 0.%
Alice COlOntarlo 3 50"
Hreece 13OphIr 3 00
Rruns Con 05|Phoenix 17
Com Tunnel .-. . . CS'Potosi 14
Con C«l * Va... 1 73tSanage 21
Horn Sliver 1 55|Pierra Nevada.... 46
Iron Silver 1 'KVSmall Hopes 26
Leadville Con t!2|Standard 1 90
Boston Stock Market.
DOSTON. Dec. 9.— The Boston stock market
opened active an<l Irregular to-day. Amalga
mated Copper, which closed last night at CU.
sold at th» outset at 67. but went off almost
immediately to U4. Copper Range opened at
71. last night's closing, and then went up
one-half. United States Mining decline-1 %
ar.d~-Utah sold' at 434, up 4 from last night.
Boston Stocks nnd Bond 1 ?.
Money— lU S Steel 29«,i
Call loans 3ff4; Do pfd 00T4
Time loans 4?r 5, Westing Common. 854
Bonds — ! Mining —
Atohlson 4* 101*-;,IAdventure - ♦>
Do adj 4s 94 lAl'.ouez . . . ¥ 184
Mex Central 4s... 76 lAmal Copper «S»4
Railroads— lAmer Zinc 13
Atchison ' S6 I Atlantic 174
Do pfd 10274 Bingham 35
Boston & Alhany.2.">3 ICalumet & Hecla.«fi5
Hoston * Malr.e.175 ICentennial 264
Boston Elov 153 ICopper Range 71%
Fitchburg pfd M9 I Daly West 12?i
Mex Central . 21Vi|Dom Coal 6T
N Y. N H & H..l!»fi4|Franklln 11
. Pere Marquette. .. 73 (Grancy 5V4
Union Pacific Ml mi Isle Royale 27 4
Miscellaneous — (Mass Mining' 9
Amer Arge Chem. 23Vi'Mont Coal & Coke 4
Do pfd Bfl IO1.1 Dominion ... 2.">T4
Amer Pneu Tube. . r >4'Osceola 92%
Amer Sugar . .. .H2»i ', Parrot 2C
Amer Tel & Tel.l45Vi|Oulncy 7
Amer Woolen .. : 20%!Phannon : H%' t
Do pfd 92-% iTamarack 122
Dom Iron * S... 18 iTrinity 12
Ed Elect Ill 1 jm..251 UT S Mining.: 2B'*
Oen Electric 1R6 117 S OH 11
Mass Electric 14U'Vtah 43
Mass Gas 3<s>i I Victoria 4W
Tnited Fruit 1ASU 1 VTinona 11
t:n Sho* Mach... r>R""i Wolverine 105
Do pfri 3141
London Closing: Stock?.
Cons money... 87 11-ielN Y Central HI14
Do acct 87 T /i,Nor & Western... 78
Anaconda 5<.«| Do pfd »4
Atchlson 8S (Ont & WeFtern... 45
Do pfd 10."iU',!P Pr .nsylvanla CS)^
Bait & Ohio lQl^Rar.d Mines litf
Can Pacific 134 iReading .".n^i
Che's & Ohio 4T*il Vo 1st rfd 45
Chi Great Wrst.. 22%! Do 2i pfd...».. 41
Chi. Mil & St P.17t»ilSo Rallwav 5%
De Beers 18*1 ! Do pM fis
Den & Rio G XI *J I So Pacific R4S4
Do pfd RCUlrTnion Pacific 113%
Erie 3SUI Do nfd 07
Do 1st pfd 7<:'ilT- s .Ftf»l « 20
Do 2d r>f.3 r.R4i Do pfd 01 54
111 Central 1K7 |Wnha«h 224
Louis & Naah 145'i! Do rM 45
M. K & Texas... .^mSpsilFh 4s 80
Bar ullver— Firm;, 17 11-lCd p Pr ounce. ;
Money — l\ii'sj.2 per cent. ;
The rate of discount in the opon market for !
ehort bills Is 2 13-lC"22"i< per c^nt and for '
three months' bills 2-",4<2vi per cent.
Bank C'-"»ririffs.
NEW YORK, D«c. ft.— Tho following tabl«, i
compiled by Hiadstreet, shows th« bank clear- (
ings at the principal cities for the week ended '
December s, with the percentage of increase ;
and decrease as compared with the eorrespond
in;r week last year:
Cities — Amount. Inc. Dec. '
; New York $2,280,428,122 73.8 i
Chicago 209.7S3.3tt8 IK. 8 |
Boston 1C0, 634,097 24.7 ....
Philadelphia 180,02*1.165 7!).l ....
St. Louis 71.0etJ.725- 31.7 ....
l'ittst.urg 40,073,402 40.2 ....
San Francisco ... S"<, 703. 7.84 J6.3 ....
Baltimore 3. r .,112,71« W).7 ....I
Cincinnati 27,239,260 K..5 1
Kansas City 25,056,087 15.6 ....
New Orleans .... 2*J.<il0,0l»2 3.2 ....
Cleveland 14.374.429 4.5 ....
Minneapolis 27,480.007 43.6 ....I
Detroit 11.0S3,ti.'i0 12.1 ...»
Louisville 12,433.453 4.6 .... 1
Omaha 8.7:59,686 24.2 ....]
Milwaukee ».556,2«5 7.9 ....
Providence* 7.:>.;2,60O 3.8 .... |
Buffalo 8,031,73a 16. 4 '....!
Indlannpolis 7..1(H5,8(U 12.5 ....'
St. Paul 7,007.202 3.1 .... i
Los Angeles ll.fi80.71S 25.2 ....\
St. Joseph fi.C2O.770 17.0 ....
Denver 6.54.'!,854 40.3 . . • . I
Columbus 5.173.500 17.7 ."...j
Memphis 7,4Sl.<i41 • 10.5!
Seattle 4..W.701 11.2 j
Rlchmtnd 5,1)20,575 31.5 ....
Washington 5,864.052 29.3 ....
Savannah 6.711, 200 13.0 .."*.
Albany 4,072,005 39.1
Portland. Ore 4,160,929 12.8 ....
Kort Worth 4,940,975 2.» ....
Toledo. Ohio 4.905.904 49.1 i
Salt Lake City... 4,110.233 7.6 1
Peoria 4,204,371 20.2 ....
Atlanta 4.602,5flS 17.6 ....
Rochester 3,920.872 57.7 ....
Hartford 3.(172,740 20.8 ....
Nashville 3,312,718 17.4 ....
Dcs Molnes 2,030.088 6.8 ....
Spokane. Wash... 3.136,57:{ 41.0 ....
Tacoma 3,225.165 54.0 ....
Grand Rapids^.. 2.iaS.18s^ 3.S ....
New Haven 2,5*4,849 3S.5
Dayton 1.712.972 .1
Norfolk 2,38<i,:;48 9.6
Spr'ngfleld. Mass. 1.0e2,528 4.1 j
Worcester f.410.495 60.0 ....
Portland Me 1.7<Ki,44« 2.9 .... I
AugU3ta, Ga .... 1.901, 79.1 .... 18.0
Topeka l,049,. r >2<5 27.5
Sioux City 1.221.871 37.7
Syracus* 1.450.595 6.6 '
Evansvllle ....... M90.H32 11.8 |
! Birmingham 1.842,584 45.2 1
Wilmington, Del.. 1.0.78.334 - 8.1 I
Knoxville 1.192,317 1.9
Davenport 1.197,780 27.5 !
Little Rock 1,14:1.392 1.4
Wllkepbarre 1,056.228 26.1
Fall River 759,(i8l 24.9
Macon 6«t.748 46.3
Wheeling. W. Va.. 849,873 27.8
Wichita 1.029,560 12.7
Akron «02.500 9.7
Chattanooga l,«CO.87i» 76.4 ....
Springfield, 111. .. 899,610 24.6 ...«
Kalamazoo, Mich. 064.532 37.3
Youngstown 60fl.530 29.2!
Helena 741.305- 3.5
Lexington (i7S,R57 17.7 ....
Fargo. N. D 941,700 20.6 .„.
New Bedford" «05.707 -M 9.3
Canton, Ohio .... 603.000 3.9
Jacksonville, Fla.. 1,081.0411 31.5
Lowell- 516.730 8.8 ....!
' Chester Pa 507,150 2.3
Greensburg, Pa. . 457.149 2.9 ....
Rockford. III. .... 538.552 22.2
Binghamton 489,500 , 12.9 ....
Springfield, O. ... 380,234: 2.1
Bloomington. 111.. 4:;7,S27\ 13.8
Qulncy III 353.S3.1
Sioux Falls. S. D. 34S.0CO 8.4
Mansfield, 0 261.352 9.1 ....
Decatur. Ill 347.84S 23.4 ....
Jacksonville, 111. . 2«5.«49 0.4 ....
Fremont. Nebr. .. 273,917 60.9 ....
•Houston -12,208,032 4d.:l
•GalvfBton 12.:t0fl,C0O 12.1
aiarleston. S. C. 1,301.784 2.1 ....
Cedar Rapids 572,645
Totals, D. S.... $3,380,088,794 55.0
Outside N.'Y... 1.091.056,672 27.7
CANADA.
Montreal ?2S.541.151 30.8 '...V
Toronto 25,0113,252 43.7 ..».
Winnipeg ».84rt.lll 42.8
Ottawa 2.76<S.90O 27.1 ....
Halifax 2.200,941 3.4 .:..
Quebec 1.760.70H 12.7 ....
Vancouver. B. C 1,454,173 5.5 ....
Hamilton 1,644,895 35.5 ....
London, Ont 1.200,024 35.4 ....
St. John, N. B 1,283.337 19.5 ....
Victoria, B. C 627.536 O.4
Totals. Canada $77,054,928 33.5
•Not Included In totals because containing
other items than clearings.
Condition of the Treasury.'
WASHINGTON, Dec. 9.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances In the general fund,
exclusive of the *150,000,000 gold reservqtin
the division of redemption, shows available
cash balance, $144,571,492; gold, $87,212,414.
New York Cotton Mnrket.
NEW YORK, Dec. 9.— COTTON— Futures
opened easy. December, 7.00c; January, 7.7ic-
Februaiy. 7.75c: March. 7.S5c; May, 7 95c-
June. 7.USC bid; July. 8.05c
Future? ■ closed steady. December. 7.06c-
January, 7.73c: February, 7.80c; -March, 7.91c-
April, 7.96c; May, Style; July, 8.11c; August
8.03c. ' -
Spot closed quiet, n points higher. Middling
uplands, 8.10c; middling gulf, S.85c. No sales.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW -YORK. Dec. 3.— FLOUR— Receipts,
19.100: extvjrts. 6,<ax>. Dull.
WHEAT— Receipts, 25.1XK); exports, 16,000.
Spot irreffular: No. 2 red. nominal elevator;
No. 2 rod. $1 18% f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 North
ern Duluth, $1 2a% '• °. b - afloat; No. 1 hard
Manitoba, nominal f. o. b. afloat. Options
were Irreeular all day. Favorable Argentine
news and prospects for rain or snow West were
bear influences, causing a decline. In the lant
hour bulls run Driccs back to last night's
level, the close beine He net lower to l%c
higher the latter on December. May closed
¥1 12%; July closed, $l-03T 8 ; December closed,
?1 l"%c.
HOPS — Quiet.
HIDES — Firm.
WOOL— Kirm.
PETROLEUM— Steady.
! COFFE1S — The market for coffee futures
I closed Fteady 5@10 points higher. Sales. 88,760
! bags. December, C.9r>@7.05c; January, 7.10c;
March. 7.3O@7.1Uc: May, 7.5O@7.75c; July.
, 7.70© 7.75c; September. 7.90«@8c. SDOt Rio,
, Btendy; mild, steady.
I SUGAR — Ra\v, nim; fair refining. 4% c; cen
' trlfugal 90 test, 4%c; molasses sugar. 4c. Re
j fined.' lirm; crushed, <i.25c; powdered, 5.H5c;
1 granulated. ii.CCe.
BtJTTEH — Firm; creamery, held common to
I extra. 190244c.
CHEESE— Unchanged.
EGGS — Unchanged.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market con-
I tlnuas quiet, with better grades steady on light
offerings. Common f.re quoted at 34(&4c;
prime. 4U<&44c; choice, 5®54c, and fancy
at CJiUHc. v^
I PRUNES — Are eaid to be in a firmer posl
. tlon on the coast, owing to small supplies or
. certain sizes but the local spot market shows
little change! with demand for small lots only.
I .Quotations for California fruit range from 2c
1 to «!c. according to grade, with Oregon run
' ning as high as 0%c for the large sizes.
j APRICOTS— Are changing hands slowly at
• the recent quotations. Choice are held at 10c;
■ extra choice at 104&11C; fancy, 114Q;i5c.
PEACHES— Are In liffht supply and steady.
Choice are quoted at i<Vi^94c; extra choice,
BHOlQ.Wc; lancy, I04CHC
; London Metal Mnrket.
j NEW YORK, Dec. 9. — The London tin mar-
I ket showed irregulariti' following the recent
! severe decline, with spot closing at £131 IBs,
f while futures closed at £129 7» 7d. Locally
I the market continues quiet. Spot, S28 t ; 5H»
1 2S 874.
I Copper recovered part of yesterday's los*
: In the London market, closing at £65 10s for
I spot and £(!5 lls Ud for futures. Locally the
I market is unsettled. Lake. $14 8741&15 124;
j electrolytic,— 114 S5&15; casting. (14< 50©14 75.
I L»ad was unchanged at 4.t>U©4.70c in the
I New York market and at £12 17« 6d in Lon
] don. ,
\ Spelter . was unchanged in both markets,
closing at $5 874 in New York and at £24
I 17s 6d in London.
1 Iron clcred at 5.'ls in Glasgow and at 47s 3d
: in Mlddlesboro. The local ■ market is firm.
CHICAGO BOARD OF TRADE.
Future Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, Dec. !'.— The wheat market was
laigely swayed by the leadership of a few
strong interests, nearly every influential trans
action oelng credited to a house with Eastern
connections or to prominent local leaders.
.Traders at the outset seemed Inclined to favor
the bear side. Cables reported . Argentine
weather fine and harvest progressing favor
ably. May quotations showed an initial loss
of l .irtr4c at $1 10%@l 11. and with tree
oiietlngs there was a further recession to
$1 10%. The selling tendency was furthered
by rain and snow in the Southwest and by a
heavy run of wheat at Minneapolis and Du
luth. In the face of this bearlshness, how
ever, prices rallied on buying said to be for
short account, advancing to 51 11*4. The
strength was only temporary, however, and
was followed by another break. May touching
(1 Hi>*. It gradually worked up again tc
SI 1 l^s. closing- firm, with May *ic lower at
?l II.
The feature in corn was the alarm that
apparently had seized December shorts. The
rluMng was firm, with May =i t , ( 34c higher
at 4 4 T s if? 45c.
Oats were a shade firmer with corn. May
closed \%q up at 30%c. . / .
The provision market was active and strong,
with a good general demand. May pork 13
up 15c, lard gained "4c and ribs M74C
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
Drrember ...... 1 08% 1 00 1 07U 1 OSU
May Ill 111% 1 1<>H lit
July 99*i 09% 98% 90
Corn No. 2 —
December 40% 47% 454 47^
July 44', 45Vd 44% 454
July 44Ts «3!4 44T{, 45Vk
' Oats No. 2—
December 2S'-i 2S4 28t; 28%
May 304 .°.0% 304i 30%
July 30 Vi 30% 30» s 30%
Mohs Pork,' ptr-bbl — *
January 12 60 12 C5 12 50 12 «5
May ...12*24 12 95 12 SO 12 05
U'iril, per 1(>O lbs —
January « K5 6 924 6 85 6 90
May 7(>74 7 15 7 074 7 124
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
January U 5<> G Kl 6 50 6 55
May 0 70 6 774 6 70 0 77>i
Caslii Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO. Dec. 9. — Cash quotations were as
follows: Flcur, active; No. 3 spring wheat,
$1 O2C1 13J No. 2 red. $1 13fli:i:v, No. 2 corn, -
47«t47«-'.c: No. 2 yellow. 47VjC; No. 2 oats, 28%
«?2!i4c; No. 2 white. 2!»%4KH)>;4c; No. 3 white,
30«?3o%c; No. 2 ry». 744@75c; good feeding
barley, 38c; fair to choice malting, 42@47c; No.
1 flaxseod. (I 10; No. 1 Northwestern, *l 24;
prime timothy need, ?2 40<g'2 65; mess pork, per
barrel, $11 47"i@ll 50; I«rd, per 100 pounds,
56 S5; short ribs sides (loose). $0 374#6 50;
short clear Fides (boxed), $0 7560 874; whisky,
basis of high wines. ?l 24; clover, contract
gradp, 912 DO. .. .
Articles — % Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 30,JX») 29,300
Wheat, bushels.. 40.000 35.4C0
Corn, bushels 'J2S.8C0 145.100
Oata bushels S8.50O 145.50O
Rye." bushels 2.COO .- 3.40t>
Barley, bushels W.200 16.2CO
Buttci-. Cheese and Ksirs.
CHICAGO, Dec. ».— On the Produce Ex*
change to-afty the butter market was steady.
Creameries. lC©2fl%c; dairits, 15^22;. I-^gs.
steady, at mark, 20Q25C. Cheese, quiet, II
<S12e. >■
CATTLE. SIIKKP AND HOGS.
Cliicago.
CHICAGO, Dec. 9.— CATTLE— Receipts,
3501); steady; good to prime steers. $6^7 20;
poor to medium. $3 CO®."! «0; stockers and
feeders, $2 2004 10; cows. $1 -10<sjl; heifers,
*^-fi."i; canners, ?1 35*52 40; bulls, $2ff4 10;
calves. $:{ ftt&l; Western sterr«. $U iw.i i lt0.
HOGS— Receipts. :i'J,OCO; to-morrow, 38,000:
strong; mixed and butchers. $4 2o®4 50: good
to choice heavy. $4 4501 T<0; rough heavy,
$1 2004 30; light, ?4 15@i 40; bulk of sales,
$4 Cofti 42U.
SHEEP— Receipts. SOOO; sheep steady; lambs
10<- higher; good to choice wethers. $4 40®
5 25; fair to choice mixed. $3 5O@4 :t0; West
ern sheep, $3 riOjzo 10; native lambs, $4 75@
6 50; Western lambs, $4 75®0 40.
Omaha.
OMAHA. Dec. ».— CATTLE— Receipts, 2000;
fi^eady; native steers. ?3 50© C '-'5; cows and
heifers, $2 5004; Western steers, $3&4 70;
Tixas steers. $2 75@:> 75; range cows and
hitters. $2 40S3 40; canners. $1 7&32 .15;
stockers and feeders, $2 5O@4; calves, $4®
5 60: bulls and stags, $2©4.
HOGS — Receipts. ".".CO; 2>4o hlgrh'r; heavy.
$4 30iff4 ;S7V-i : mixed. ?4 30®4 T2\^: light.
$4 :!2',4@4 ::7%: pigs, ?"»&-» 35; bulk of sales,
$i :!0«Si 32V4-
SHEEP— Receipts. 4500; strong; Western
yearlings, $4 50®5; wethers. $4 U.-<ff4 55; ewes,
$4®4 W); Common and stockera, $2 50@t 25;
lambs, $5@0 20. •
Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY. Dec. 9.— CATTLE— Receipts,
3000; steady; native steors, $:: OOigC 50; native
cows and heifers. ?1 7505: stockers and feed
ers, $2 5<*g4 10; bull?, $2@4; calves/ ?3^0 25;
Western steers. $3@5; Western cows, $1 75@
3 50.
HOGS— Receipts. 10,000; steady to 5c higher;
active: bulk of sales. $4 .1004 50; heavy, $4 45
Oil ~>~V~; packers, $4 3C@4 50; pigs and light.
?3 75«l -10.
SHEEP — Receipts. - 1000; strong; muttons.
$4fJ5; lambs. $4 50@6; range wethers, *4@4 00;
ewes, ?2 50^4 25.
MISCELTjAXEOITS MARKETS.
Foreign Futures. «
LIVERPOOL. }:'■■■• ;>..
Wheat — ' Dec. March. May.
Opening Nora. 7 4 ~ *\'»
Closing 7 3% 7 4
PARIS.
"Wheat — Dec. Mar.-JUne.
Opening 24.15 25:65
Closing ...24 20 1'5 05
Flour —
Opening -11 05 - 33 10
ClOBlng "•••• 31 90 33 00
St. IjouIs Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS. Dec. 8.— Wool, steady to strong,
nr.edlum grades, combing and clothing, 22@29c
light., fine. -18022c; - heavy, fine. 14@18c;. tub
washed,- 27®41c. j
Northern AVheaf Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Dec. 9.— WHEAT: For export
—Walla Walla*. 80c; Bluestem. 85c. For East
ern markets — Walla Walla, 85c; Bluestetn, 90e.
. •••• '.WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Dec. 0. — WHEAT — Unchanged.
Bluestem, 89c ;. Club. S6c.
. Northern Business. " , j.
SEATTLE. Dec. 9.— Clearing*. $570,689;
balances". $144,007. -/
TACOMA. Dec. 9.— Clearings, $464,365;
! balances. $4ft.250.
PORTLAND. Dec. 9.— Clearings, $5B5.13S;
balances, *75,0S«.
! ,SPOKANB. Dec. ,9.— Clearings, $507,126.
i balances, $25.353. ,
LOCAL MARKET.
Exehanjje and Bullion.
An . advance in Silver., to 60c . was : the . only
'; ' Family Retail Market.
Butter, Eggs and Cheese stand exactly the
same as quoted last week.
Wild Ducks are coming in freely and several
kinds are selling at lower prices. Aside from
an advance !n Turkeys, there has been no |
change In prices of Poultry. i
Fruits ehow considerable revision, ■while j
Vegetables stand about the same as quoted
last week. • ■ -; V f
COAL, PER TON—
Wellington .$—©10 OOl New
Seattle $ —@ 8 50s Wellington^—#10 00
Roslyn ..-»..$—@ 9 00! Wellington
Richmond . .$ —@10 OOf Nut $ —@ 8 00
Coos Bay . .$—© 7 50| ' j
DAIRY PRODUCE. ETC.—
Butter, choice.sq.—@K> Best Ranch ...40^45
Do good 3C035 Common do. .35f?:i7>-a ;
Do packed, lb. —<g25 Storage Mwi:\b \
Cheese, Cal 15^20! Eastern 25<330
Cheese. Eaetern.20 <a25| Honey, comb, lb. —@15
Cheese. Swiss . .25©35| Do extracted .. 8Q10
Eggs, per dozen— _ |
POULTRY AND GAME—
Hens, large. ea.(>509!)| white Geese. ea.20@23
Do small ... .50©60| Lrant. each 25@30
Young Roosters 1 Rabbits each ..20/<?25
each 75d5$l Hare each — <?20 i
Old Roosters. ea.50@G5i EngUsh Snipe, di— SJ4 |
Fryers, each ...50065! Common do,dz$2@2 50 ;
Broilers, each . .40@50l Wild Ducks, each — i
Turkeys, per lb.25«27l Mallard 40<g50 j
Ducks, each . .Wicfejl; Canvasback CC&75 i
Geese, each.. — ©$150' Sprig 35g*»0 '
Goslings $2®2 25| Teal — *25
PJgreons, pair... — 660! Rrd Heads .... — ®:15
Squabs, per palr.BOetiOl Widgeon 3C<S35
Wild Doves, doz.$l .lOlFmall Ducks 20^25
Gray Geese. ea.40@50| i;. '-
MEATS. PER POUND—
Roast Beef: I Mutton Chop* ..— 01S
Chcice cuts ..15®£0| Pork Chops .... — @13
Do plain 10©12^ Veal Cutlets 15IH9
Roast Veal ..12U015 Corned Beef —©8
Roast Pork . .12H@15 Beef Stew 8@1(>
Foreqtr Lamb.— @12«i Mutton Stew ... .1® 8
Hlndqtr Lamb. . — 0151 Veal Stew 10{Z12>4 !
Foreqtr Mutton.. 8®10| Soup Meat SO10 1
Leg Mutton — <&10|Soup Bones 4«f— '
Tndrloin Steak.l2^<S15' Hams' I.'.tfllfl
Portrhse Steak. .l.«®20i Bacon 15U720 }
Sirloin Steak.. 12H@15I Po-k Sausage. .12>*.<ri: ,
Round Steak.. 10S12V.J Chipped Beef . .2C5— I
Lamb Chops . . .15ffi20| Lard ..12%@— i
FRUITS AND NUTS—
Alllgtr Pears, ea.25@35|Orangea. dozen —
Almonds ..150^0] Fancy mSM ,
Aoples 4@> s| Common 1CS20 !
Chestnuts lb.. — ®12>.i!Pear» <-ooking,lb. 4<tt 5'
Cranberries, qt.. .10@15| Do eating • . . .10^12^
Pecans i — @-'vt Pineapples. each.25«5K i
Brazil Nuts 20®— I Persimmons. doz.2(l@:iO i
Bananas, doz . .25^35: Quinces 3(3 5 ■
Cocoanuts. each.— ®IO* Ril?in«!. lb .. 10913
Figs, dried. lb. . Off 10! Raspberries, per
Grape Fruit,dz.75c@$l| drawer 6C@75 :
Grapes, lb S<§12Vi Strawberries.
Hcklebrries lb.l2ii(??l.V per drawer 2."'@75 ]
Lrrnona, doz , . . .lCfi?2.*i!TanRerlnes, doz..lO(?f20
Limes, doz 10-9151 Walnuts. . per lb.l5«?-J0 !
VEGETABLES— \
Artichokes. doz.5G@$l|Mushr6oms lb . ..25ig'5O i
Beets, dozen . . . .10@— lOnidns per lb...3S3ti!
Beans, white, lb. IM$— \okra. dried. lb..2C©— j
Colored, per lb. 5/g — (Potatoes, per Ib.l%ip2 i
Dried Lima. lb. 5« fl| Parsnips per dz.l5S20 !
Green Lima ... .8612%! Radishes, dz bch.l."©2'» •
Cabbage, each .. .'.«1U| Rhubarb, lb — @ 5,
Celery, head ... .10! 0 Sage dz bnches.2.V&— !
Cress, dz bunch, l.iffr—! String Beans, lb. 8@10 ;
Cucumbers, doz. .25-®30iSummer Squash . !
Garlic «** Si per lb 8@10 ,
Green Peppers.lb. Ml 8] Ppruuts. per lb..— it rt '
Dried Peppers . .10«2nj Spinach per lb.— © S j
Egg Plant. lb.lO®12H' Sweet Potatoes.lb — & 2
Green Peas. lb... e@in; Thyme, dz bnchs.2r>#3<>
Lettuce, per doz.15^'30 1 Turnips per doz. — <iir>
Leeks, dz bnch.!5fl20|Tomatoes. lb . r .@10
FISH. PER POUND— j
L'arracouta ..10@12^i) RockcoiT — @15 |
Carp -. _^io|Sea Bafs —©12^
Catfish — «;12H| Smelts 10@12Mi
Codfish —©12^4 Seles 10©1.1
Flounders 10®— Ska ten. each lC*m
Halibut 15«— ! Squid —&— ;
Herring S01O|Tomcod 10a— |
Mackerel 15<f? — | Turbot ....'. 2C@— \
Do horse . ..1" V.it—\ Trout — *t"5
Rockflsh -^ffl12m Whlteflsh ... 1CS — J
Salmon, fresh..— @12V4! Clams, gallon . .CC® — I
Do t smoked . .— <H20'. Do hardshell, lb S«10 '
Sardines 83101 Crawfish, per lbl2U(f?ir» j
Shad 1017— tCrab- each 2C©25 ■
Striped Bass.. 12»itfn6' Mussels, lb 12H01S
Perch lfi<9>— ! Oyster." Cal. 100.4CS50 I
Porr.plr.o 7r»c^$l| Do Eastern, dz.3C@10 I
/oteworthy change.
LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. $4 S3»Jf^4 $4 I
Sterling Exchange, sight 4 86'4©4 87/
Sterling Exchange, cables 4 StJ?4tC4 87(j j
New \crk Exchange, sight Par ip —
N, V. Exchange, telegraphic... 02^0 —
Silver, per ounce — ifp 60
Mexican Dollars 48%@ 40
INTERNATIONAL.
New Tork on Paris 5.1« T 8 •
New York on Mexico 204 '
Paris on London .'. 25. ltJ i
Berlin on London 20.38
Wheat and Other Grains. . J
WHEAT— Foreign future" were steady to ;
firm and not materially changed. Chicago j
was a fraction or so lower on the day. The ,
San Francisco market was quiet and feature- j
Iflps at about previous quotations. '<
. - CASH WHEAT. • '
California Club. $1 45igi 52%; California:
White Australian, (I 00®l «2%; Northern I
Club, $1 .">0<&l SSVti with none offering; North
ern Bluestern. $1 C0®l 6214; Northern Red.
$1 -17 ! ,i per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $143% $1 43% * $1 43% $1 43>i
December— No sales.
2 p. m. Session.
May— $1 43 Vi.
BARLEY— The market Is quiet all around I
and quotations for the cash grain have shown '.
no change of note for some time. Receipts j
are free and ample for all requirements. !
. CASH BARLEY.
Feed, $1 05@l 12%: Brewing and Shipping,
$1 15&1 17%; Chevalier, ?1 1501 20 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
May— $1 0S% bid fl C9 asked.
December— tl 10%.
2 p. m. Session.
May— $1 08% bid. ?1 09 asked.-
December— $1 lOft-
OATS— Show no further change. The de
mand ! for seed continues good, while that for 1
feed is quiet.
White. ?l 42%®1 57%: Surprise, $1 55@1 CO;
Red for feed. {1 32%@1 45 for No. 1 and !
$1 22%$?1 3<> for No. 2; extra fine for seed, :
$1 4-M.fU 50; Black. $1 30© 1 35 for feed and !
*1 4ii<frl 02% for seed. ■ !
CORN — Previous prices rule, with a quiet |
market. - t
Western sacked. $1 40@l 45 for Yellow,
White and Mixed; California large Yellow,
$1 40@l 45; Email round do. $1 80; White,
nominal; Egyptian. $1 35@1 40 for White and
$1 17%©1 20 for Brown.
RYE— $1 4001 45 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT—*! 50©l 7.1 per ctl.
Flour and MillstufTs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $1 60®
5 10, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 7.t«35;
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at 5 1& I 50
per bbl.
MILLSTJ7FF3 — Prices In packages are as'
follows: Graham Flour. $2 75 per 100 lbs; j
Rye Flour, $3 25: Kye Meal. $3; Rice Flour.
$7: Corn Meal, $2 50; extra cream do. $3 60;
Oat Meal. 94; Oat Groats, $4 25; Hominy,
$3 CO®.'. 85 Buckwheat Flour, $4 25; Cracked
Wheat $3 75; Farina, <t; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 SO; Rolled Oats, bbls. 90 75O7 50; In
sacks, $4 25; Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas,
boxes, ?5 50; Green Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
"Hay and Feedstuffs. '~.\lS
As receipts of Hay are over market needs
at present and the demand 1h slow, prices for
the best grades are OOc lower. Bran Is still
firm and unchanged.
BRAN— *20@21 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— »25<g28 per ton.
SHORTS— $20®21 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley.. *24<g24 50 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31 50@3J 50;
jobbing. $.T1; Cocoanut Cake. $ 23©24 ; Cocoa
nut Meal. $24$f25: Corn Meal, $31 60@32;
Cracked Corn. ?32®32 50; Mixed Feed, 322®
23; Horse Beans, $30@40 per ton; . Broom
Corn Feed. OOc p*r ctl.
HAY— Wheat. $10014 50; Wheat and Oat.
ilOigH; Oat, $9@12;.' Barley and Oat. $8#10;
Volunteer Wild Oat. $7®10; etable. |0(&10;
stock. *5 50@7; Clover. ?7@10; Alfalfa. $«@12
per ton.
STRAW— 35© 60c per bale.
Beans and S«*cd£.
Trade . continues quiet and the market ex
hibits no new features.
BEANS — Bayoa, $2 75@3; Pea, nominal:
Butter $3®3 25: small White, $3 15#3 30:
large 'White. $2 40®2 C5: Pink. $2 70«3 15;
Red $4 23S4 50; Lima. $4 10@4 20: Red Kid
neys. $4 60: Blackeyes, $2 60®2 75 per ctl:
Horse Beans. $1 85®2 40. \
SEEDS Brown Mustard; nominal — no' good
lots offering: Yellow Mustard, 3%@3%c; Flax.
$2#2 75: Canary. 6%c: Alfalfa, 12%@13c;
Rape, l%4?2Vic; Timothy. 5?4c; Hemp, o%©
3=«ic per lb: Millet. 2%@3%c; Broom Corn
Seed. $20<@21 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 76@2 50; Green
Peas, $1 75@2 60 per ctl. .
Potatoes. Onions and Vegetables.
Trade In Potatoes was ■ quiet and prices of
Salinas and | river Burbanks were unchanged,
with stocks of low grade offerings of the latter
still accumulating. Oregon Burbanks were
lower, there belng.no stock available that
could command the previous high quotation of
$1 10 per cental. SweeU were in ample supply
and the best lots sold readily at the top rate,
while ordinary offerings dragged. One carload
i was marketed. Onions ruled ■ firm, with fancy
; offerings selling readily.
; Choice offerings of southern vegetables were
steady and Summer Squash and String and
Wax Beans did better. Stocks of bay vege
tables are steadily decreasing.
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river. 40®
70c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks. *1 10@l 42% per
ctl; Oregon Burhanks. 75c@$l . per ctl; River
Reds, . <5C@7Oc per ctl ; Sweet Potatoes. 65@S5c
per. ctl.
ONIONS — $2 25g2 50 per ctl for local and
. Oregon. . and $2 for Utah stock. .
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. 3®5c per lb;
String Beans. 24@6c per lb; Wax Beans. 5@7c;
Lima Beans. 5@8c per lb: Tomatoes. 50c©?,l
per box; Summer Squash, 75cfJ$l per box: Cab
bage. <>oc per ctl; Carrots, 75c per sack; Cu
cumbers. $1 per box; Garlic, 44@5c per lb:
Egg Plant. .VfiTc per lb for southern; Dried
Peppers, nominal; Green Peppers. 40<850c per
box; Marrowfat and Hubbard Squash. $s@10
per ton.
Poultry and Game.'
The Poultry market was well supplied, quiet
and weak, and aside from an advance In
dressed Turkeys, all descriptions stood as pre
viously quoted. Dealers attributed the dull- j
ness In Poultry to the comparatively low |
prices of Wild Ducks, which hav«- constituted j
the bulk of the large receipts of Game during j
the past few days.
* POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys 22®25c per
lb; Live Turkeys. 1H1?1S»C per ib: Geese, p*r
pair. r~'fi- 25; GAollngs. $2 2562 BO; Ducks,
$5@5 50 per dozen for old and $6@7 for youn-t ;
Hens. M'.!4 5o tor (mall and «'«■; 5O fur
large: young /Rooster*. $4 uOtfi 30: old Roos
ters, $404 50; Fryers $48*4 50; Broilers. $2 50
@.1 50; Pigeons $1 25; Squabs. $2@2 50.
GAME— Mallard Ducks. $2 50®3 per doicn;
Canvasback. $3@3 50; Teal. $1 25; Sprig. $2;
Widgeon, $1 25; Red Head*. $2: small Ducks.
$1 25;*Gray Geese. $2®2 60; White Geese, $l@ !
1 50; Brant $1 25-22; Honkers; *3«i5; Snipe. I
$3 f«r EngWsh and $1 60 for common: Doves, <
$1 25: Hare. $1 50; Rabbits. *2 for. Cottontails ;
and $1 50 for Brush. •;•,
Butter, Cheese ami Esrffs.
Butter continued steady yesterday. The pre
dicted rain came "along on time, but It wa* j
light and did not produce any appreciable !
effect on the market. Some dealers were dls- ,
posed to quote prices up, to 22c. while others
opposed this procedure on the ground that any
advance would Immediately shut off the few j
shipping order* now being received and set J
the market back Into bad shoe* again. It was j
largely a question of stocks and shipping j
orders.
Eggs were steady, at the advance noted yei- i
terday. with continued moderate receipts and I
an equally moderate demand. Cheese was [
quiet and mon- or less easy.
Receipts were 45.800 lbs Butter. 467 cases :
Eggs and 05CI0 7osX'Ti p e! | e.
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands. 21fl22c !
for extras and is@2»c for lower to medium ;
grades; dairy. 17«19c; cold storage, nominal; !
store Butter. 10jrl4c; East?rn cubes, nominal; '
Eastern ladle-packed. 15©16c.
CHEESE— 11©12 4c for choice mild new and '
OfflCc for ol<1; ccid storage. 104f*11c; Young j
Americas, 12&12'..p: Eastern, lo'til&c per lb. ;
EGGS— Ranch. SS'gagc for good to fancy and •
!d@82%c for common; cold storage. 23©30c; ]
Eastern, 25@2Sc fcr choice, 22®24c for stand- 1
ards and 10;j2Ic for seconds.
Deciduous and Citms Fruits.
Several thousan'l bcxps of Apples and Or
anges were taken for shipment to Honolulu or.
the eteamer Alameda. leaving to-clay, but j
otherwise the fruit market was dull and i
featureless, as the wet weather Interfered with |
trade. Receipts of Apple* were light, but there '
was no change in prices or market conditions,
as there were heavy stocks on hand at the i
stores and several cars were still lying on the i
railroad tracks waiting to be hauled. Straw- j
berries were slow of sala and Grapes cut but j
little figure in the market. Stocks of Navel
Oranges. Seedlings and Tangerine* were heavy
and dealers were willing to grant concessions
to largo buyers. Lemons. Limes and tropical
fruits were plentiful and quiet.
STRAWBERRIES — $5@12 per chest for
Longwortha and $1 50@4 for the large va
rieties. ' •
RASPBERRIES— Nominal. !
CRANBERRIES— $9611 per bbl for East
ern and $2 75@3 per box for Coos Bay.
APPLES — $1 25 per box for extra fancy, 75o
@$1 for ordinary fancy and 40®fi5c for common j
to choice; Lady Apples. J2(Q2 25 per box. |
PEARS— Winter Nelli.o, 51 50(31 75 per box:
cooking varieties, 50c«?$l per box.
PERSIMMONS — f)0«»65c per box.
GRAPES— $1 25^1 50 per crate for Verdel j
and 50(&85c for other varieties; open boxes, 1
C5c<S$l.
CITRUS FRUITS — Oranges. Navels. $1C2 per
box: Seedlings, 75c@$l; Tangerines, 75c for
small and $1 for large boxes; Japanese
Mandarins $1<U1 25 per box: Lemons. $2 5D©3 ■
for fancy. $1 75?|2 25 for choice and $1©1 60
for standards: Grape Fruit. $1 75@2 50; Mexi
can Limes. $1 p<i oase; Bananas. $2<33 per
bunch fcr Central American and $1@2 for Ha
waiian; Pineapples, $1 50(&3 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins, Honey.
FRUITS — Apricots. 8@104c for Royals and
04612c for Moorparks; Nectarines. 64®74c
for White and 64©7c for Red; Peaches, 7%® j
8%c per lb; Pears, 7-912c; Plums, pitted, 6® j
64c for blacks. 74©SViC for red and 7@84c j
for yellow; Figs, 2-crown bricks, 50c; 3-crown.
65c; 4-crown, 60c; 6-crown. 65c; bulk white. !
2=4®3c; black 24@34c; Evaporated Apples, t
44©C4c per lb. • :
PRUNES — l«i-ffl*ic per lb for the four sizes |
and 24c basis for the large sizes. ■
RAISINS— 19CI crop f. o. b. Fresno — Im- |
perial clusters. .$2 2:>«2 50; Dehesa. $ 1 .",o<6 1 :;.">; ;
London Layers. f)Oc@$l 10; Ix>cse Muscatels, 4- ,
crown, 5®5V4c; 3-crown, 44c; 2-crown, 3Vi® >
3%c; Seeded. 4%(gCUc; Thompson's Seedless, ■
4» t BtVio; Seedless' Sultanas, :VdT>c per lb.
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 12@13c; No. ;
2. 10®:ic; No. 1 hardshell. 12c; No. 2. 10e; 1
: Almcnds. lt!®17c Tor Nonpareils, 14©144e for r
I X L, 13'iQl 14c for Ne Pius Ultra and lie for
Lansuedoc; Peanut?. 6@7c for Eastern: Pe
cans, 118;.1c; Cocnanuts, $4 5003; Chestnuts,
8#ftc per lb for Italian.
HONEY— Comb. 11461.1c for whits and lfr® i
lie for amber; water white extracted. SMj^tjc;
light amber extracted. 0(&54c; dark. 3®44c
BEESWAX— 27029c per lb.
Provisions.
There Is nothing whatever new In these |
goods. Trade is quiet.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 104c per lb for
heavy 104c for light medium. 13c for light.
142 for extra light and 144c for sugar-cured: 1
dry Salt Sides. 10c; Bellies, lie: Eastern su
gar-cured Hams. 12 to II lbs. 124c: 13 to I
16 lba 12c; 17 to 20 lbs. ll»ic; California
Haras.' ll%ic: Mtsa Beef. $10®10 50 per bbl;
extra Mess. $10 504U1: Family. $12812 SO: [
prime MiS*s Pork. $14 50: extra clear. $22;
Mess. $1C 50; Plff Pork, ?25; Pigs' Feet. $5;
Smoked Beef. 14c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 64c per lb for
California compound. 7c for Eastern compound
and 0c for pure; half-barrels, pure, 9&e: 10
lb tins. 9*ic: 6-lb tins. 9%c; 3-lb tins. 10c.
COTTOLENE — One half barrel. 8%c; tare*
half barrels. 84c: one tierce. $%c; two tierces,
8V*c; five tierces, 8%c per. Ib.
Hides. Tallow. Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about 4@lc under quotations. Heavy salted )
Steers lie: medium, 10c; light. 04<g!10c; Cow j
Hides. 04@10c for heavy and 04@10c for
light; Stags. 7674c: Salted Kip. 104c: Salted
Veal, 116114c; Salted Calf. 1145124c: dry
Hideo. 17V-@lSc; dry Kip. 15c; dry Calf. 2Oc;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 25@40c each; short
Wool 50075c each: medium. 90c@$l 10: long
Wool', $1 25@1 75; Horse Hides, salt. $3 for
large and $2 60 for medium. $1 50@2 for small
and 60c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 for
large and $1 50 for medium. $1 for small. 50c
for Colts.' Buck Skins — Dry Mexican. SOc; dry
salted Mexiran. 25c: dry Central American. !
HOc: Goat Sklns^ — Prime Angoras. 75c: extra!
large do. $1 25; large, OOc; medium. 35c;
small. 20c. • r , ,:
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4Qi%c per lb:
No. 2, 34c; Grease, 2 % ©3c.
WOOL — Fall clip — San Joaquln and South
ern, lifillc: Southern, 8@9c; Southern Moun- 1
tain. »@llc; Middle Counties, free. 12«14c: !
do defective. 10i912c: Northern free. 12014c: ;
do defective. 10-jJ12c: Hnmboldt and Mendo
cino, K>@18c per n*. - v • ■ -V [
HOPS— 19OI crop, 25S30c per lb: 1S08 crop. I
20c.
Meat Market.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — tf@7c for Steers and 4U-grtc per Ib
for Cows.
TEAL— Larg*. 64®9c: small. 8©9c per Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7©Sc: Ewea. 6HO74<5
per lb. 5
LAMB— 8'4ff94e per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs, 648S>ic per IK
. LIVESTOCK MARKET.
'The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock delivered In San Francisco, less 409
45 ier cent shrinkage for Cattla:
CATTLE — Steers'. 7\i©74c: Cows and H«lf
ers, 54664c; thin Cows. 4ft 5c 'per lb.
CALVES— 4®44c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 3»i©3*ic; Ewea. 3g.T,io
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— $2 50©2 75 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs, 200 to 250 lbs, 4*i-f?4^c:
130 to 200 lbs. 5$5Uc: 80 to 130 lbs. 4%®4%c;
soft H'iks, not wanted: Sown. 20 per cent off;
Boars, 50 per cent off. and Stags, 40 per cent
OS from above quotations.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Grain Bags, 54c spot and 6c for
next year; Wool Bags, 30@32c; Fleece Twine
?4c
COAL— Wellington. $9 per ton; New Wel
lington, $8; Seattle. $S 50; Bryant. $6 50;
Beaver Hill. $5 60; Roslyn, $7; Coos Bay
$5 50; Richmond. $3; Cumberland. $13 In bulk
and $14 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracit*
Egg. $14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh
, Lump. $11 50; Cannel. $0 per ton; Coke. $11 30
613 per ton In bulk and $15 In sacks; Rockj
Mountain descriptions, $S 50 per short ton.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels ; for cases
add 5c; Linseed. 55c per gallon for boiled and
'5.1c for raw; Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1 70c
! Bakers' AA. cases, $1 10@l 12; Lucof
60c - for boiled and 4Sc for * raw-
China Nut. cases, 65QS0c per gallon; Coco&nut
OIL In barrels, 6Sc for Ceylon end 55c for
Australian: extra bleached winter Sperm OH.
esc; natural winter Sperm OH, 63c; extra
bleached winter Whale Oil, 67c; natural Whala
Oil, 52c; extra winter strained . Lard OH. 75c;
No. 1 Lard Oil, 65c; pura Neatafoo* Oil 73c:
No. 1 NeaUfoot Oil.' 63c; light Herring Oil.
42c; dark Herring Oil. 4Oc: Salmon Oil. 34c:
boiled Fish Oil. 37c; raw Fish Oil, 85c; boiled
Paint Oil. 33c; raw Paint Oil, 31c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil In bulk.
13c; Pearl OH. In cases. 194c; Astral. l»4c;
Star, 194c: Extra Star. 224c; Elaine. 26c;
Eocene. 214c; Deodorized Stove Gaaolln*. In
bulk, 16c; In cases,* 224c; Benzine, In bulk.
13c; In cases, 19 4c; 86-degreo Gasoline, In
bulk. 25c; in cases, 31c. .
TURPENTINE^ — .5c per gallon In cases and
69c In drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7U9
AUCTION SALES
FOR SALE.
BY ORDER OF COURT AT PRIVATE SALS.
STABLE BUSINESS IN SAN FRANCISCO.
Green Valley Stable, 833 Mission St.
\Prop*rt> of Estate of James Hurst, deceased.
Including good will, horses, carriages, harness,
etc. About live years" lease on favorable
terms. One of the largest and best paying
properties in the stable busln«ss In San Fran-
cisco. Must be sold at one* to close estate.
Bids must be in writing and may be mailed
to or left with th» undersigned attorney for
estate Bids will be opened Dec. 2Ol 1804.
Ppoperty now subject to Inspection on prem-
ises. For further particulars write to. tb»
undersigned. J. J. DWTER.
Attorney for Administratrix of Estata of
James Hurst, deceased. Mills Building. San
Francisco '
7*;e per lb: White Lead. 7%©7%c. according
to quantity.
SITGAR— Tna Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quot?s as follows, per lb, tn 10O-lb bags:
Cubes A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 8.25c:
Powdered, «.10c; Candr Granulated. 8.10c; Dry
Granulated, line. Cc; Dry Granulated, coarse.
6c: Fruit Granulated, fcc: Beet Granulated
(l(O-lb bags only), 5.M)c; Confectioners' A. 6c;
Magnolia A. 5.e0c; Extra C. 5.50c; Golden C.
B.40c: "D." 6.30c; barr*l». lOe more: half
barrels 26c more: boxes. J»Oe mon: 8O-lb bags,
10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half Barrels.!
«.oCc; boxes. 6.75c; H. ti E. Crystal Domlnos.
9c prr lb. No orders taken for less than sev
enty-five barrels cr its equivalent.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR FRIDAY. DECEMBER 9.
Flour.' qr sks. . .28.l47;Pe!t*. bdU l r *
Wh/?at ctls IV.': Lime *b'» 3R *
Barley' ctls 13. 3*2 Paper, reams ... «3R
Oat.-., ctls SOSRrandy. gals 33J>
Tallow, ctls ..> 229|VVIne. gals 4S.20O
Screenings, sks.. :U»!Ra!sin9. bxs 1.3CO
Beans sks 1.419 Quicksilver. Csks. 17
Potatoes, sks ... 3.*4S!Bran. sks «.JjW
Onions «ks SOOjMldrlllnirs. sks .. 2W>
Buckwheat, ska.. 29' Hay. tons 8JW
Leather rolls .. l»7|Wool. bales a>
Hides, No 1.1641
Wheat, ctls 5.540! Wool, balw ..... •
Potatoes, sks . . 103)
STOCK MARKET.
Tradlnsr Quiet. With a Sharp Rise In
Alaska Packers.-.-"^
The feature In local securities yesterday waa
a tharp recovery in Alaska Packers, which
sold from $90 25 up to $96 25. subsequently
falling back to $9* 75 under fairly actlT* sales.
California Wine also advanced to $79 50. Th«
sugar stocks were firm and several, chiefly
Paauhau. Hawaiian Commercial and Hutchln
son. were somewhat higher.
In mining stocks Ophlr advanced to $3 40.
bat the other Comstocks were, not materially
changed. The Tonopahs sold well, with th«
usual irregular variation*.
Late, assessments are: UnlTersal OH Com
pany lc. delinquent January 9; Consolidated
Ditch Company, $20 December 30; Malaga
Extension of th« Fowlar Switch Canal, $20.
December 28; Twenty-five Oil Company, 2c.
January 14. '
The Kern River Oil dividend of J3o la pay.
able on the 15th.
The Caribou Oil Company has declared a
dividend of 7c per share, amounttn* to> $3600,
payable December 15.
The California Title In«uraac» and Trust
Company has declared th» regular quarterly
dividend at the rate of 8 per cent p«r annum,
payable January 3. .
The governing committee of the New York
Stock Exchange has ordered £10,000.000 of the
Imperial Japanese « per cent aterlingr loan
placed upon the list.
The gross earnings of the United Railroads
of San Francisco for October. 1904. are offi
cially reported to have been $505,445. an In
crease of $26,735 as compared with October,
1903 Tha gross earnings for the ten months
ending October 30. 1904. wer» $3,612,453. as
Increase of $3C3.1S9 as compared with the cor
responding period last year.
STOCK AND BOXD EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY. Pec. ft— t p. in.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask.! Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup..lOU%lO« ! H»!4!« qr cp new.131 131 >4
4s qr reg. ..105%105 T fc|.Tii qr coup... — —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — iOak T Co 6s 120 —
As-o OH 5s. 80 S7 I Do 6s 113 —
Bav CPC 5s. — la*. I Do con 5s. 1054105
Cai C G 5s. — 103 lOceanlc S 5s. 67. 73
Cal O & B K lOm Cable «s. — 124
m & ct 5». M4 — IPa<- G Im 4a. — —
Cal-st C 59.114 — |P E Ry 5s.. 104% —
r C Wat 5». — M IP4CH 6a.lO4 —
EdL ft P Cs. - 128 IP t O R «f. - —
F & C H 6a.ll4^i — JPowell-st «s. — —
Geary-at 5s.. — 85 ISac EG4R5s.lOO% —
II C&S 54S.105 — ISF & SJV5«. — —
Do 5s ir.0% — {Sierra R Cs. — —
Hon R T 6s.lO6}i — Tfc P of A 69
L A Elec 58.103 — I O9C8> 100H —
L A Ry 5s.. — 117 I (1910) 110H —
L A L Co 6s — — S P of C «a
Dogtd 61.- — 1 (1906)Sr A. 101 101*4
Do gtd Ps.1024 — I (l»C5)Sr B. — 103>fc
LAP lem 5s. — — I <19C<5) 104H —
Mkt-st C es.ll« — I (1912) 114% —
Do lrm Ba.llBH"j[ ISPC 1 cj B«. — -
MV& MtTT*.105 110 1 Do stampd.lOT 108H
NRR "f C69.10SH — IS P B R fa. 134% —
Do Ss .... — — IS V Wat 6s.lO4»i —
N P C R 5S.IC51J — • Do 4« 2<1m.lOO 100%4
X C Ry 5».. — — ! Do 4s 3dm. 09 —
V C P C 5». — — I -Po K mtirts »7% —
V S R R 5s — lOO^IStkn GAE6s. 93 —
ba LAH Tis. — 110 |U G & E 5s.lC2t« —
O W gtd 6s. — 100 ITP. of 9F 4s. 87H —
"WATER STOCKS.
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP. 3»i 4 |3 F G & E. W4 —
Mutual E U — UVStkn G * E. — 8H
Pac L Co... — RO'ilU G & E C* — —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd.310 — I
BANK STOCK3.
Am Ntl Bk.. — 130 |L P * A.... 132 — "
Anglo-Cal ..87 9O IMer Trust — 230
Bank of Cal.42f> 425 iMerch Eat 50 —
Cal Safe Dp. 152 — >S F National — . [— -
First Natlonl — — I ;,-:
BEJa£ SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.2330 — ISav A L So. . — 100
Hum S & L. — — ISec Sav Bk.. — 424
Mutual Sav. — 1C0 JUnion T Co.. — 8300
8 F Sav U.610 675 I
STREET RAILROAD9.
California .-107 — IPresidio — .»**.,
Giant 62 e34lVlgorlt • 4
SUGAR. 1
Hawaiian C. 73% 74'ilMakaweli C. »2H 33
Honokaa 8 C l"h — jOnomea S C. 314 —
Hutch 9 P C 15 nV Paauhau S C 20^ —
Kilauea S C. — fl I
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. 93 9<*» [Oceanic S Co. 914 «i;
Cal F C A. — -99!iiPac Aux FA. 4\» —
Cal Wine A. 79V4 — IPac C Borx. 157 —
MVA MtTm. 93 102 iPac S Tel Co.107 .- —
MorniPK Session.
Board —
115 Alaska Packers' Association. . . »« 00
6*> California Wine Association. .. 78 5O
loi> Honokaa S Co .\ . . 17 5l>
25 Hutchinson S P Co 15 CO
3<> Oceanic S Co «»
10 Oceanic S S Co 6 tn
10O Paauhau S P Co 20 75
100 Paauhau S P Co. b 30 21 00
25 S F Gas ft EJectrlc 55 5<>
$6,000 Cal Gas & El G M & C T 5s.. 94 73
$10.0CO United R R of S F 4 per cent. 87 624
$25,000 United R R of S F \ per cent. 87 73
Street—
200 Spring Valley Water. Co 3» 23
Afternoon Session.
Board —
30 Ala.'ka Packers' Association. . . 96 25
70 Alaska Packers' Association... 03 50
85 Alaska Packers' Association. . . 03 00 .
45 Alaska Packers' Association. . . 04 73
10 Alaska Packers' Association. .. 04 87 Va
tO Cal Wine Association, s 10. . 7» 50
10 California Wine Assoclatlbn. . . 79 SO
1O Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 74 0O
30 Hutchtnson S P Co 13 t2V»
10O Honokaa S Co 17 624
20 Oceanic S S Co « CO
200 Onoroea Sugar Co 31 50 '
• 40 8 F Gas & Electric 55 50
$6,000 Market-st Ry 1st con 5a 117 CO
$1,000 Northern Ry of Cal 5 per cent. 119 25
$2,«00 Pacific Electric Ry 5 per cent. 104 87*4
$1,000 Spring Val 4s »2d mtge> 100 M
$S.OOO United R R of S F 4 per cent. 87 73
$1.COU United States 3d (coupon) 104 50
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. 4
Bid. Aak.l Bid. Ait
Bay CPC 6s. — 1C041SF & NP 3s.ll2Vi —
B L Wat e». — 1144|S P C R 4s. — 101
Cal NW 5s.. — 114 IS P Co 4^8. 88»ilC04
M C Wat 5«.10O — (Sun Tel 0a... 114ft —
Rls I WksSs — 1C5 I Do 5s 10« — ,
SF Drdk 5s. 112 — fSuttr-st R 5s.lO* —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala 3 Co... 23 — ILonA SF Bk. C3 —
Amer Bis Co— 90 »Mat Nav Co. 70 v --
Cal Cot Mils SO — Ner Nat Bk.20O 207H
Cal G&ECor. 60 51 N Cal P Co. — - 9\
, C Jockey CL110 t Oak Bk Sav.120 —
Cal Powder.. 130 143 IOak T Con.. 73 —
Cal Ship Co. — 21 IIOOF Hall A 64 -i
Cal T I * T — 133 iOrpheum Co. — 18*4
Cen Bk. Oak 80 «7WPaeC Cas CO.12S —
Chutes Co -• 5 » IPac Sur Co.. 105 —
City & C Bk — 120 Paraf Paint.. 39, —
Cyp L Imp- 6 «4iS F Drydock. — A 68 .
East Dynm.. — 375 JSFASJ Coal. 17U 20
FN Bk Oak.120 — Is J Wat Co.l03>? —
Fischer Thtr — IVilSO * MTgbt.123 —
Continued ' on Page Fourteen.
1516
\ LARGEST CUT-RATE /^
STORE IN THE CITY^
There is a reason for these bargains : A certain
manufacturer needed ready cash. His goods were first-
class and we bought them at a discount of 40 per cent,
below the regular wholesale price. We are willing to
share this advantage with you. This is an opportunity
you cannot afford to ignore.
Toilst n aluminum, either plain, fancy or figured. Also
in celluloid, stag horn and ebonized. Excellent
SetS qualities and will make beautiful gifts.
$1.50, $2.00, $2.50, $3.00, $3.50, $4.00
« DODy j n pj n k an( j wn Jte, plain white, plain pink, blue and
701161. re< j celluloid. Exceptional values. Gradually ad-
56iS vancing in price from 75c up.
} p Packa'ge and bulk goods. All odors of the most pop-
ular makes. A dainty bottle of perfume makes a
IOmeS han( j somc Christmas remembrance. * 50c t»O $2.50
What better can you suggest for a Christmas gift
j TOllet thaa a box o £ daintily perfumed toilet soap? All
SO£T8 kinds of the choicest soaps of domestic and foreign
manufacture. From 25c a bOX tip.
FREE
i A beautiful Bisque Image given free with each pur-
chase of any of the above articles amounting to 50c or over. (
3 38AND40 THIRD STREET C
# Open AN Ni^ht Phnn^ Bush 51 %
Piao'a Cure— »O year* on tbe mar-
Li — — - - «• - - - -• ---*>■ -■■ •—
SITE FOR CITY CEMETERY.— Th? mem
bers of th* Sur*rrt»or»- Finance Committee
•will ro to Colma thin morning at 10 o cloclc
to inspect several lots of land which have been
offr.rpd for rule as sites for a city cemetery i°r
fan Francisco. — - •■ __
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BAY CITY
1132-38 Market St. 25-27-29 Turk St.
SPECIALJO=DAY
CHOICE ROAST BEEF— Per lb...
Sc and 10c
All Selected Stall Fed Steers.
GENUINE SPRING LAMB— Per lb.
5c. 7c and lOc
All Choice South Down Lambs, the
Finest in the City.
The Best CORNED BEEF— Per lb.
6c
SWEET PICKLED PORK SPARE-
RIBS— Per lb 8c
ROAST PORK (Corn Fed)— Per lb.
9c
EASTERN SUGAR CURED HAMS
—Per lb 12%c
EASTER N SUGAR CURED
BACON— Per lb 16c
Watch for Our Grand Christmas
Display.
Eig Cut in Prices of All Other Meats.
AUTOMOBILE
BARGAINS
Large Machines for Sale at Small
Prices.
WINTONS and TOLEDOS
AUTO LIVERY CO.
Automobile Experts
SALES, HIRE and REPAIRS
Phones South 1152 and South 66
1185 MARKET STREET
No man is deemed a gentleman .whose
Unen Isn't always immaculate. One of
th« fastidious man's first needs Is a good
laundry, where his linen will be carefully
a^d faultlessly laundered, and there is
do place In San Francisco that gives so
much satisfaction In the color, finish and
careful handling of shirts, collars 'and
cults as at United States Laundry. "
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
1004 MARKET STREET.
Telephoat South 429.
BENEFIT SHOW
IS BIG SUCCESS
The talent and the parts that are
talked about, the drawing cards that
each theater boasts of, all the brilliant
things to be seen in San Francisco's
playhouses at the present time, were
brought together at the Orpheum yes
terday afternoon in a performance that
In variety and excellence was the
acme of theatrical entertainment. Seats
were sold at $2 and $1, but the show
was worth far more than that, not to
speak of the opportunity to help the
benefit fund for needy actor folk. The
Theatrical Managers' Association, un
der whose auspices the benefit was
given, had done Its planning and
culling well, the stage people exerted
themselves earnestly in their work of
love and sympathy, and the result was
that the big audience enjoyed a treat
such as is rarely presented.
The programme was long. Madame
Fannie Francisca was there with the
others of the Tivoli's sextet from
"Lucia di Lammermoor." Williams
and Walker, the colored comedians,
came from the Grand with their fetch
ing "stunts." Mary Shaw, Sam Elton
and Dillon brothers of the Orpheum
gave the best the vaudeville house has
on the boards this week. James Ed
ward Britt forsook the training camp
to help out as a monologist.
The William H. West Minstrels
opened the afternoon with an excellent
suggestion of what they are doing at
the California. The end men had good
things to say and the singing and danc
ing were of the kind to cause applause.
Marguerite Le Roy, colorature soprano,
and SIgnor Gulielmo Riccl, violin vir
tuoso, seemed even better than in their
usual part at the Orpheum. Next came
the thrill of the trial scene of Robert
Emmet as performed at the Central,
with Hersuhell Mayall as the martyr.
Harold Forman. the remarkable boy
soprano at the Alcazar, was compelled
to respond to an encore. Duke Johnson
and Mae Wells, who are at the Chutes
danced and sang delightfully.
Miss Dora de Fillippe of the Tivoll
received her share of floral tributes and
applause. In original specialty Willard
Simms of the Tivoli distinguished him
self as a funmaker. The Orpheum con
tributed another number from its bill
that of Frank and little Bob, who do
acrobatic turns in which a dog takes a
prominent part.
"The Professor's Love Story," by the
Alcazar Stock Company, with John
Craig in fine fettle and every .girl a
picture of loveliness, closed the per
formance.
One of the most attractive features
of the occasion was the selling of pro
grammes by a bevy of beautiful young
actresses, who aided the cause mate
rially. These youngr women included
Miss Marian SUgreaves, Miss Dolly
Wray. Miss Ella Kearney, Miss Edna
Pendleton, Miss Belle Dale, Miss Marie
Mallory and Miss Edith Varney of the
Tivoll Opera Company; Miss Hazel Els
mere and Miss Georgia Clifton, from
the Central Theater,- and Miss Mabel
Douglass, from the Alcazar.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Oriental Goods I
I At Wholesale Prices |
I We Offer Oar Entire Extra Fine |
I Collection of. 8
I ORIENTAL RUGS 1
1 AN ™™ NS 1
§ 25%^DISCOUNT'S
8 From Regular Retatt Prices «
j w «=^™^ ===— g
JO We are Sole Agents for John S
g Crossley &. Son's Celebrated S
ft English Carpets. - a
|etias.M.Plum&eo. I
I Cor. Ninth and Market Sts. 1
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 10. 1904.
MAY BE NAMED
COMMISSIONERS
At Least Four Incumbents,
Whose Terms Expire, Are
Sure of Eeappointment
OTHERS ARE MENTIONED
Gossip Puts Metson on Park
Commission and Keeps
Casey on the Works Board
The terms of eight municipal Com
missioners will expire on January S and
gossip is already rife regarding the in
tentiuns of Mayor Schmitz In the mat
ter of appointments to the vacancies.
The Mayor himself has been reticent
on the subject, but although exactly
one month still remains of the current
terms the signs indicate the reappoint
ment of four or live of the incumbent
Commissioners.
Ihe members of the boards and com
missions whose terms are about to end
and who uppear to be absolutely cer
tain of reappointment are: Aaron Alt
inann, member of the Board of Educa
tion; Henry M. Wreden, Fire Commis
sioner, and Dr. Joseph H. Poheim,
member of the Board of Health. To
these three may be added the name of
A. W. Voorsanger, who seems to be
reasonably sure of again being named
as a member of the Board of Election
Commissioners.
opinion is divided as to whether
Michael Casey will be reappolnted- to
succeed himself on the' Board of Pub
lic Works. The Mayor, has never for
given Casey for deserting him and
forming an alliance with ex-Commis
sioner of Public Works Marsden Man
sc/n, when the latter was a member of
the board in 1902. However that may
be, it is whispered on what appears
plausible foundation that the Mayor is
willing to relent in Casey's case in the
event that certain influences are
brought forward in his behalf. Casey
has been real good since his original
defection from the Mayor's cause, and
now that he is in the minority on the
board his reappointment is very much
within the sange of probability.
Thft term of Park Commissioner
Frank J. Sullivan will also expire and
gossip suggests the name of William
H. Metson as Sullivan's successor. Met
son was Park Commissioner just be
iore the new charter went into effect.
He was the only one on. the board who
was not reappointed by Mayor Phelan
in 1900. Metson is a Democrat, an at
torney of high standing and his ap
pointment now would be in the nature
of a slap at the influences which pre
vented his appointment in 1900.
There does not appear to.be any well
defined guess as to the probable succes
sor to J. H. Howell, whose term as
Police Commissioner ends next month,
although it Is said that Jeremiah A.
Dineen, a contractor and a close friend
erf Mayor Schmitz, can have the office
if he wants it. Others who are men
tioned for the post are: Dr. George I.
Drucker, ex-School Director and ex-
Grand Juror, and Fred Hilbert, al
though the Mayor has been heard 1 to
remark that he did not desire to ap
point any more liquor men cm th,e com
missions. Hilbert is in that line of
business, but he, too, is a particular
friend of Schmitz.
The term of Civil Service Commis
sioner John W. I Rogers also expires
January 8. He could undoubtedly be
reappdnted, but he has his eyes on
more remunerative positions, one of
which he hopes to secure through the
good offices of E. A. Hayes, Congress
man-elect. Rogers wants to succeed
the late George Morse as clerk of the
United States District Court or he may
go to Washington, D. C, as Hayes'
secretary. In either event a, vacancy
on the Civil Service Board will exist
for which gossip fails to suggest a
name unless it be George Benham,
president of the Labor Council, who
has several times been considered for
appointment on commissions by the
Mayor, but for some reason was never
selected when the crucial moment ar
rived.
FRANK P. FMNT IX TOWN.
Candidate for Senate Is Accompanied
by Delegation of Bankers.
Frank P. Flint of Los Angeles, can
didate for United States Senator, ar
rived in San Francisco yesterday and
met a number of statesmen In the
palm court of the Palace Hotel. J.
A. Slauson. Kaspare Cohn, W. C Pat
terson and "W. J. "Washburn of Los
Angeles came here with Mr. Flint and
will endeavor to convince members of
the Legislature that the south is en
titled to the Senatorial prize and that
Flint Is the favorite in the southland.
J. A. Slauson was formerly pres
ident of the. Los Angeles Chamber of
Commerce. He has acquired a wide
reputation as a farmer, but his money
was made in the banking business.
He is a clever talker and a good lis
tener. Mr. Patterson is president of
the Los Angeles Bank, and Mr. Wash
burn is president of the Equitable
Savings Bank. Mr. Cohn is an enter
prising business man. '
It is well understood in- political
circles that the members of the San
Francisco legislative delegation will
be delighted to meet Mr. Flint and
his friends from the south -and while
away a few hours in the discussion of
Senatorial topics. .
The , San Francisco delegation will
meet and organize some time during
the last week of this month. It is
said that either Nathan C. Coghlan
or George A. McGowan will be chosen
chairman of the delegation.
Iroquois Club Elects Officers.
The Iroquois Club held its annual
election of officers last night in . its
clubrooms. The following were elect
ed: William J. Locke, president; D.
Gilbert Dexter, first vice president;
Charles Edelman, second vice presi
dent; Edwin R. Zlon, recording secre
tary; H. L. Bienfleld, corresponding
secretary; A. D. Pratt, financial secre
tary; William A. Asmussen, treasurer;
Lcuis Metzger, M. C. Hassett, J. J.
Macks, S. S. Bayley," William J. Bryan,
L. N. Merle and H. G. Davis were elect
ed trustees. The installation of the
newly elected officers will be held on
January 1./ Jackson's day, January 8,
will be celebrated by the club with a
musical and' literary, entertainment.
Card and Loose Leaf Systems.
$2.00 buys a card index drawer, 500
record cards, alphabetical index and guide
cards. Shaw-Walker, filing systems,
loose-leaf ledgers, price books and com
plete office outfits, 'Including printing and
bookbindlnK. Stationery Department.
Sanborn. Vail & Co., 741 Market' street. •
WANTS A TIME ' CLOCK.— The Health
Board proposes that Its employes shall report
promptly at 8:30 a. m. and depart from work
not sooner than 5 p. m. It asked the Super,
visors yesterday to furnish It with a ■ time
clock, so that an accurate record may be kept
by the employes punching" the same . on their
arrival and departure. » ,.■
Red Eyes and Eyelids, granulated Eye
lids and other Eye troubles cured by Mu
rine Eye Remedy. Murine doesn't smart*
SAYS HUSBAND
SHOT ANIMALS
Orchardist's Wife Tells an
Unusual Tale of the Dire
Results of Intemperance
MINER'S BRIDE REPLIES
Says Toriopah Man Is Too
Old and Big* and Cruel.
Rich Contractor Accused
The quietude of a Newcastle orchard
home was frequently disturbed by j
Herbert Falk's love for drink and his !
penchant for brandishing a revolver,
according to the complaint for divorce
filed yesterday by his wife, Cora, whom
he married nine years ago at Santa |
Cruz. Four months after their mar
riage, she says, he took to drinking, !
and for seven years has consumed two •
bottles of whisky on three nights week- j
ly, t a total of 2184 bottles. She says i
that in his drunken frenzies he threat
ened her life with revolvers, rifles and
shotguns, and once when he tried to
shoot her the pistol went off in time j
to shoot him in the leg. She says that J
he shot at her dogs and once shot and
killed the horse he was driving. The
orchard and farm are worth $12,500 and
he has an income from other sources of j
$100 a month.
A big difference in weight and age
seems to have destroyed love's young'
dream for Nettie Runge and Christ
Runge, a Tonopah mining man. They |
were married on October 4 last. She j
was 18 years old and weighed 120
pounds; he was 45 and weighed 200. A
few days ago he sued for divorce on
the ground that she treated him harsh
ly and said she did not love him. Yes
terday .she filed a cross-complaint,
charging him with cruelty. She says
that when she tried to leave him at the '
International Hotel in this city on
October 30 he forced her to remain, and j
used a 44-caliber revolver. Mrs. Runge '
says her husband has been in theTono- j
pah mines for five years and has prop
erty worth from $50,000 to 5100,000 and:
that his income is $10,000 a year. She '
asks for $250 a month alimony, $200
costs and $1000 counsel fees. Judge Ker
rigan has restrained Runge from dis
posing of his property.
Freda Duebel, wife of Charles A.
Duebel, a contractor, has revolted from J
twenty-nine years of alleged cruelty j
and sues for divorce. They were mar- i
ried in 1875, and she says that she haa j
been mistreated ever since, the climax!
being reached on November 12, when, |
she says, he knocked her down. She j
says that when they wedded she gave j
him $700 of her earnings with which •
to go into business, and he has since \
built up a fortune in realty, money I
and securities amounting to at least
$60,000. She demands her share.
Harriet H. Hubbell, whose husband,
Dr. G. R. Hubbell, is suing her for di
vorce, has applied to the court for $100
a month as alimony pending the trial!
of the case. She says he earns $350 a '
month from his practice. \i\
Dinah Reid has sued for the annul
ment of her marriage with William J.
Reid, which took place at San Rafael
on May 16. 1901. A month before she
had been .divorced from Robert Scott,
MARKS BROS.
NOW FOR THE CHRISTMAS
SHOPPING IN EARNEST
TURKISH' ANGORA MUFF and TIP-
PET like cut, lined with heavy SATIN.
An appropriate CHRISTMAS GIFT.
LIVELY TIMES AMOMTHE
CHRISTMAS HANDKERCHIEFS
Marked to cell Special To-day at
?c, Sc.lGc, I2^c, I4c,l7c, I9c, 25c,
35c,.43c, 48c, 65c, 75c and 95c
A BOX FREE WITH EVERT H ALF-
DOZEN HANDKERCHIEFS. \.
CHILDREN'S HOSE ■
35c Kind To-Day 19c
Bicycle RIBBED HOSE— Double HEEL,
TOE and KNEE. •
flOVELTY SILK BELTS
. (Like Cut.)
75c Kind To-Day 48c
Just in Time for Xmas Buyers
Holiday Cushion Ribbons
• Boujrht from a Mar Importer Who
had to Sell at Half Price.
PerYd.l2#cj colors.
Cushion Ribbon 1 The 35c kina-4
- -y inches wide — In any
P er » d. 1 9c • j • 'color you want.
ORIENTAL LACE STOCKS
SoTurht for the Christinas Trade by
a biff New York Dealer — they've Just
arrived. Hew Styles like Out. :.-.-
75c Kind To-Day 48c
MAMS BROS.
The Home of Honest Values
1220-1224 MARKET STREET
Hale's Will Be Open To=Night
Just Two More Saturdays Till Christmas
Christmas I Santa Claus Contest I qms for m en I
Perfumes _„. r^ xT./vtuf
In Holiday Boxes. ClOSCS I O"IN lgl«t '• h^-
P*Z d ' t BSj e Sta. i "5 And every boy and girl in San Francisco under 15 J? e "is1,H'f B
the sweetest flowers: years o f age should be busy as a bee to-day drawing £"„£'»,,£»'•„,£. ««
bott ed in all sorts of p ictures o f Santa Claus and writing four-lme verses, tor a 6 oo<i coat"" *"»
a, i y oSmai, wio-.r ' trying hard to win the $5.00 we are going to gfvc , 8&£~n8Bl
perfumes, In assorted By Zcna Luss^er, . fc — "^ V /3 W
odors. v-k; 1224% Haight \E? ft Or $1.00 a dozen, that
At 75o— A hand-painted street o vears old .S?^ aj - LL *^ f ?I e resu L ar 1:^= c values.
satin box. lined with ££1 «,«-?.n?a -^T^^-^" "N. 1 *- -*. >? If you buy a dozen to
satin, with 1-oz. bot- nf£« »£ % „ «? S^ 1 1 - x <'' Blve n!m chr i3tmas you
tie of Bradley's best Si* us flv^ r t 2PJL ?* V^ '?"*;V V -. • will save 50c.
perfume in all the K ew Yo?k lust aS '\ ' v L A r^Sw heinstltch^
At P °;rA OdO n r eat little » i^JJLS S
fume. in assorted "^tV^hSve^yom fStJZ^f&tZb. <f^¥^ ««o each, or $!.oo a
odors - idea to-day. It's the j : rLSL- aozen.
1 last chance. * V.- '
Girls' Coats To=Day IggSlpi c^ rs
"Wooltex" coats at $5.00, but prices start at 1 HC 1 OJ^S 1 O=*U<\y
$3.50 and others at $3.95. And here's a And the toys at Hale's, for this big third floor
Cravenette Ulster, $5.00 is brim full and running over with surprises in
' w the new things.
A sturdy rainy day coat or a coat that is as stylish Brine the children to see Santa Claus np on the
to wear when it doesn't rain. Has two box pleats down fourth floor. He isn't giving away candy. He doesn't
the back. It's a long coat with double-breasted front, want the little tots to be crowded as thev always are
buttons close to the neck, large puff sleeves, in gray when he gives away candy. He will be up on the
and tan; sizes 6, 8, 10, 12 and 14 years. $5.00. > fourth floor from 10 to 12 a. m. and from 2 to 4 p. m.
Here's a x<onsr Coat at 810.00 — It's -a splendid value. See the splendid reproduction of his Iceland home
Pleated back, with or without belt. Stitched straps over • f t.. r( ,_ tr ,i , n ., rt t i,_ f-,; rv rnren on her throne*
the shoulders, leg o' mutton sleeves, silk velvet trim- m -. th ? Cent fu ,"£♦«♦ 7 S, t« f T?;Vcf.
ming around the heck and cuffs. Tan, brown, castoi, and the northern lights. But to the toys, tirst.
navy; sizes 6 to 14 years. $10.00. '; :'-.■ \r\\n + a.r\ T\t\\\ 7*n» Regular *1.25 >-alue: 16% In.
JOin tea LION, >OC. tail, with natural blsc head
and a laughing baby face. It's a doll that will sleep
._ 'i+£L '''I when It's tired and won't bother the little mamma at
i^iMr^*^.^ J/x i^lmZ+^s*. CT 41 y-» a11 - Fancy colored slip, stockings and slippers. 73o In-
Crepe de Chine, 5Uc Sa r t d v o Gun at 48c .™ *-*..«,««,«««
It's a Splendid 75c Value; 24 Inches Wide iJ.vL «i^L1 «tio5?Si. i^' 9 absolutely harm "
Every good color, a splendid quality. Soft and sug- Mechanical Train at 95c : i^g.^wo passed
gestive of a beautiful waist or evening costume at 50c ger coaches, each 6 In. long, with circular track. It
yard. It's just one opportunity from this big Decem- w111 s° Just like big ones,
ber outpouring of silks. Scroll PuZZle, 25CI gg2^,T"'P?t aB tSS?t2
——————^-^——— gether and you have a locomotive.
If in doubt give t\ Hale, glove order, Wool Sheep at 10c: % h \°& Ut™*^.
redeemable at any of Hale's California stores in iJ^Tlf a Q^ nes at 1Oc . on boards, size uw
ohves or merchandise LOIS OT uames at IUC. wo haven't room to
gloves or inert, numnte. . -^ enumerate. So many of them.
$1.50— Lace Curtains Triplicate Mirror, 25c Gloves to Give
To make a stir to-day on the With nickel frame, chain to hanff At 31.50 pair— The H'te Jouvln. if you
second floor. In white only. [** *it by. Large enough to use as a V e k r e , a n *$$*£$ I^Vs'made^f
yards long. 50 to 56 inches wide; shaving glass— and so handy — a use- better kid and by better makers,
new designs, strong weaves. Regu- ful gift for him. Sizes 5% to 7% In colors, and 5}j
lar $1.75 quality at $1.50 to-day. Sachet la Paac7 Envelope. 20c— With «♦ «, n «Mrw ClC w t> * „ .
painted picture on the front; a neat At 81.00— The H. B. for women. Men's
_ - , gift. one-clasp cape gloves at J1.50; In
Free pvrography and £«™. « d T ™* tan; sizes 7 *> »%.
,. 1 1%; T Xl , s~ 1 j 1 >e± s\ w Olve * Hale Q lov « Order and you will
embroidery Classes are bus- Calendars are good gifts. On be sure °* the right size.
ier than ever. We" have found a table, main floor. Gum Drops at 9c lb
more ; room for them, so they To-day's good candy news. Fresh,
can be busier yet. Make your <£&£%?£?£& and Dlcntv
Christmas qifts under the eyes SW Jj&ja*^<$^&i$r^g kl g)p> Ch o Co ia to C nips. aao lb^—Resuiariy
JSf7 \*r *"" - ' "^^^ odc Id
of experienced instructors right -^LZ?®**** aoo*>£^
» ' • .; 4 ■„„ If you live out of town send us your
here in the store. Market Street, Near Sixth. S. F. order by mail.
and did not know that the second un
ion was illegal.
Judge Hunt yesterday granted a di
vorce, to Hannah Johnson from Alex
ander Johnson on the ground of deser
tion. iv/Zp. • ••■
GOOD PROFITS
IN PARK NEWS
The little publication known as the
Park News, which contains the pro
gramme and Is distributed at the Sun
day concerts In Golden Gate Park, haa
been netting a profit of $3000 a year to
those who held the privilege of printing
It. The municipality has been receiving
but $100 a month from the concession,
and the Commissioners were much sur
prised at the Information developed at
the inquiry they held last night Into
charges that bidders were in collusion
at the recent award. The evidence ad
duced was sufficient to justify Commis
sioners Spreckels, Lloyd, Dlngee and
Cummings in rejecting all bids and is
suing a new call. The contract has not
been closed with Quirk Brothers, who
offered the highest amount for the priv
ilege. :•;■ h.;
The profits from the advertisements
in the publication have heretofore been
successfully concealed, but full light
was gained at last night's meeting. It
is expected that printers, now apprised
of the opportunities for money making,
will compete for the concession, to the
material advantage of the city.
The bids for issuing the concert pro
gramme and publication were opened
in October. Phillips & Van Orden, who
have had the contract, offered $100 a
month, .the amount they have been
paying the city. O. H. Smyth, who was
a member of that firm until recently,
bid $120 a month. Quirk Brothers of
fered $155. Subject to an Investigation
as to whether or not they were a re
sponsible firm, the privilege, was
awarded, to Quirk Brothers. They have
been printing the News during No
vember, but the contract has never
been signed by the Commissioners.
. Smyth made the accusation that
Quirk Brothers were In collusion with
Phillips & Van Orden, and alleged that
the successful bid was prepared by
Phillips & Van Orden and that the
latter, firm plans to perform the con
tract. gSSEi
FLORAL SOCIETY TALKS OF
THE ROSE AND ITS RUST
Interesting: Facts Brought to ; Light
. Concerning the Coining of Euro
pean Diseases to Flowers. '
The State Floral Society discussed the
rose and: Its assailing diseases yester
day at, the monthly meetingf,in Elks'
Hall, this being the 'main topic, though
much was also said of rust and. its de
structive quality. Four ; kinds . of rust
are causing trouble among florists and'
tbp invasion has been slow but fatal.
Hollyhock rust first made its way from
Europe to this continent, striking Mas
sachusettts and gradually spreading
westward. Carnation rust, also arising
In Europe, betrayed Itself in 1880 In
New Jersey and has slowly come to
ward the Pacific slope. Asparagus rust
thrust itself upon notice In 1896 and has
made the same progress. Chrysanthe
mum rust, of very recent birth, is Just
becoming noticeable • throughout the
Santa Clara Valley. ; Each kind . la > in
sidious in growth and effect, and
though sulphur .fumes' check, by the
time rustis visible too much damage
to be alleviated has been accomplished,
LIBRARIANS
TO GATHER AT
BANQUET TABLE
To-hlprht the annual banquet given
by the California Library Association
will be given at the Occidental Hotel.
Dr. David Starr Jordan will address
the assembly.
Colonel and Mrs. Charles H. Blinn,
who entertained last evening at their
home on Post street, in honor of their
niece, Miss Sherman," received fifty
guests who spent a delightful evening.
The house was profusely adorned with
flowers, red roses and greens in the
parlors and halls, with chrysanthe
mums and yellow roses in the dining
room. Miss Sherman's home is in New
York, but she will spend » the winter
with Colonel and Mrs. Bllnn.
The marriage of Miss Agnes Eliza
beth Young, daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
Francis Cogswell Toung, to John Percy
Rolls was solemnized in St. Luke's
Church on Thursday, December 8.
Mr. and Mrs. George Gold of Scot
land are at Del Monte.
Mrs. Frank Richmond," after a year
abroad, is In town at the St. Francis
for the winter. Her book of poems,
"The Heart of a Rose," is soon to be
published.
Society's art lovers and Christmas
shoppers both have turned their heads
toward the Keramic Club art exhibit
at the Palace this week. The collection
of china, porcelain, laces and minia
tures was exceptionally fine, many ar
ticles combining usefulness with beau
ty. , Some vases of Mrs. Culp's were
very attractive, while the monochromes
of Miss Marie Thompson, and some
clever miniatures, portraits and luster
work of Miss M. Taylor were paid es
pecial attention on account of artistic
design and finish.
"When your liver is inactive, when you
are dull and drowsy by day and restless
at night, take Lash's Bitters. -•
Some people seem to think It is bet
ter to make good than to do good.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GHIRARDELLrS
k delicious eating choco- 'WjJM$& . **}
late with a toothsomeness
■ Freshar than imported ra^^Jl __^
HUSBAND FINDS
HIS WIFE DEAD
Warned by a strange premonition
something he could not explain—
Amandus Repsold. the well-known
wine merchant, returned to his home.
632 Cole street, yesterday to find his
wife dead. She had been afflicted with
heart trouble for several years, and It
is believed that the disease caused her
death.
Soon after Mr. Repsold left his homo
something told him that all was not
well. He -was about to telephone and
assure himself that nothing had hap
pened to his wife, but the warning was
so strong that he boarded a car with
a friend and rode out to the house. He
opened the door, thinking to surprise
Mrs. Repsold. He found her sleeping.
as he thought, on a lounge. He called
her name. There was no answer. He
spoke to her in a louder tone and
caught her by the arm. Then he real
ized that the mysterious premonition
he had received was true. His wife
was dead.
The body of Mrs. Repsold was taken
to the morgue. Though there is noth
ing to indicate that she did not die
of natural causes, an autopsy will bo
performed to-day. Friend3 say she
wag despondent at times and may
have committed suicide In a moment of
suffering. Mrs. Repsold was a native
of Germany, aged 33 years. She was
a daughter of Mrs. Philip Mailer, the
well-known singer.
Christmas Leather Goods.
No charge for lettering your name In
gold on pocketbooks. card cases, cameras.
wrist bags, traveling sets, trunks, \-a
lises and dress suit cases, or any other
fine leather roods purchased at our store.
Sanborn. Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •
Man, unlike other objects In nature,
decreases In size the closer you get to
him.