THE WEATHER.
Portent rr.tAe mx Saa Praadsco for
thirty hour*, ecfilsr jaidcisfct. Decem
ber 8:'
S*a Franc-coo and Ttdnlty— Cloudy
r
Thur-tfay; l"*ht east wlada.
A. a McADLE.
District Forecaster.
VOLUME XCVII— NO. 8.
WIDOW SAYS SHE
WAS JILTED.
Sues a Spokane Mae Noted
for Charitable Work,
Alleges He Refused to Marra Her When
She Declined to Deed Propertg to Him
op Make a Will in His Favor.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
EPOKAXZ. Wash., Dec 7.— Captain
J. G. McClelland, manager of the On
dawa. Ijui and noted for his charitable
•work !a the slums of Spokane, was
Berved with capers to-day in a 55000
breach cf premise suit brought by Mrs.
Eleancr L. Forbes, a widow, aged 53
years. Sirs. Forbes accuses McClelland
cf winning her affections and securing
her promise to marry him and of then
refusing to marry her unless she deed
ed her property to him. According to
Mrs. Forbes. McClelland proposed mar
riage Ju'.y 15 last. She accepted him.
tnd the wedding was set for Septem
ber L
McCellard. she alleges, demanded
that ehe either deed her propertv to
him or make a will in his favor. * She
refused to do either, and the day before
the wedding, she declared. McClelland
informed her that if she did not accede
to his request he would not marry her.
Captain McClelland is one of the best
known men In Sr>okane. He is the
.*.
MORMON LEADERS
EVADE SUBPENAS
Church Records Demanded
- — •
Special Dispatch to The CalL
FALT LAKE. Dec. 7.— Records of
marriages performed in the Mormon
Temp'.e in Salt Lake City are desired
by the Smoot investigating committee,
but ft is believed here that the commit
tee will not get a look at any records
of value. Advance information of what
>vis wanted was delivered to the Mor
mon churrh Jn.Fome nmnner, so jjfvat
the temple officials have had time to
conceal the records,- which It is believed
they have done.
John Nicholsc-n, recorder of the tem
ple, and George Reynolds, chief clerk
of the church, both evaded subpenas
for two days. Although they were
known to be in the city, they could not
be found at their offices, and at their
homes members cf the families declared
they did not know where the men were.
On the third day after the arrival
of the subpenas the men permitted
themselves to be found. Nicholson is
commanded to bring all marriage rec
ords "under his control." He probably
■will explain that he controls no rec
ords, or will bring records relating to
deceased persons. Nicholson and Rey
nolds have bcth served terms in the
penitentiary for polygamy.
Three apostles of the church are
keeping outside the jurisdiction of the
United States to avoid appearing in the
Smoot case. Apostle Grant is in Liver
cool. Ar>o«tlp«t Pnvvlcv otiH Voi-1,1- ;.,
THIS BOY SEES "UPSIDE DOWN"
Freak Vision Reveals a Topsy-Turvy World
Special Dispatch to Tlie Gall.
fcirji X CITY, Iowa. E>pc. 7. — The
•world appears ui>f?id«> down to Paul
Taylor. a»:ed ?, of Lake View. loua.
When he sees thinfrs h<? sees them
Ftandlryr on the wrong end. He writes
from right to left and makes the let
ters upi=id<? down.
The boy is in -rood health ar.d sp»-ti=
MAJOR BRINGS
DOWN A MULE
Commanding Officer Fires
on a Supposed Intruder
at the Mines of Zeigler
Ditjr-atch to The Ca
ZEIGLER, 111.. Dec. 7.— When, short
ly before midnight, a message came
from the blockhouse to the effect that
some one had been seen prowling about
!n the weeds close by. Major ■ Elliott
shouldered his rifle and started out.
When. near the house he sighted the
enemy. ■*
"Halt:" he cried. "Advance and be
recognized." The enemy failed to obey
the command and. in the darkness.
Major Elliott could see it moving away
"Halt:" si-rain cried the commanding
officer. Then he took aim and fired
At the first report the enemy turned
and headed strcight for the command
ing: officer. Another shot was fired and
ell was quiet. He had killed "Old
Jim." the last mule to leave the mine
w hen the strike was declared.
Not a shot was fired from outside
during the night. The mine is being
v.ocked with a complete force. Forty
*n!n* cars of coal were shipped out yes
terday.
Wounded as Result of Duel.
MADRID. Dec. 7. — In a duel, aris-
Ing'from an altercation in the Cham
ber of Deputies. Deputy Soriano was
wounded in the leg by Senor Guerra,
formerly Misister of the Interior.
The San Francisco Call.
sworn friend of hundreds of r>oor peo
ple, particularly poor children. His
picnic for needy children is an annual
feature.
Years ago Captain McClelland saw
service In the British army in Africa
and Canada. Later he became affili
ated with the Salvation Army, and
when Ballinjrton Booth seceded from
the army McClelland went with him
and Joined the Volunteers of America.
He was in charge of the Volunteer or
ganization in Seattle and was trans
ferred to Spokane.
Several years ago Captain McClelland
severed his connection with the Volun
teers and founded the Door of Hope
Mission, which he conducted until Rev.
W. L. Bull built the Ondawa Inn, where
food and lodging is furnished poor peo
ple at a slight cost. Since then he has
been managing that institution. For a
Icng time Captain McClelland was
manager of the Spokane Humane So-
ciety, but resigned that position owing
to the press of duties as manager of
the Ondawa Inn.
Mexico. All are polygamists and all
are believed to have taken new wives
since the manifesto.
J. M. Tanner, whom President Mc-
Kinley removed from the presidency of
the Agricultural College because cf
Tanner's open practice of polygamy, is
believed to be in Arizona or Mexico. - .
S. S. Newton and Emma Johnson.
h)s ihlrd-wUip, .'are txrrn *c-t;per.aed in
Idaho. Newton was formerly a resi
dent of Salt Lake. He fled to Nome to
escape testifying before the Smoot
committee last spring. One of Mar
shal Heywood's deputies caught New
ton in Idaho yesterday, where he was
living under the name of Smith. New
ton is alleged to have taken at least
one wife since the manifesto.
Mrs. Nell Clawson Brc-vvn, daughter
of Bishop H. B. Clawson. a well-known
polygamist, has gone to Canada with
John Silver, who has at least oae other
wife. Mrs. Brown's husband died about
six years ago. She has been known as
a polygamous wife of Silver for about
two years. Mrs. Lillian Hamlin Can
non, another witness desired by the
committee, is in Canada. Mrs. Cannon
was a plural wife of the late Apostle
Abraham Cannon. She is believed to
have become the plural wife of another
man since Apostle Cannon's death.
Both alleged polygamous marriages
have been contracted since the mani
festo.
to suffer no inconvenience from his
strange condition. His case is being
discussed among members of the med
ical profession.
"By constant training." said Dr.
<J^orge Parker, "his condition can br>
cured, just as by training left-hande.1
persons can learn to write light
FIGHT AMIDST
ROAR OF FIRE
Utah 3Ian Struggles With
Bandit Until Driven by
Flames From the Building
SALT LAKE. Dec. 7. — Locked in a
life and death struggle, Christopher
Tripp and a masked bandit fought *n
a burning building at the. little town
of Murray, six miles south of here,
to-night. Neither man relaxed his
grip until their clothing was, afire.
Then both crawled through the dense
smoke to the outer air.
The highwayman, armed with a re
volver, tried to hold up Christopher
and Samuel Tripp in their brother's
store. He fired at Christopher when
the latter resisted him. In the strug
gle that followed the stove was over
turned.
. The fire consumed the store, a meat
market and a vacant building, the
damage amounting to JlO.OuO. Th?
bandit escaped.
BOAT GOES TO BOTTOM
WITH NINETEEN OF CREW
[Vessel From Turkish Corvette Sinks
In the Roadstead at
Trii>oU.
TRIPOLI, Dec. 7.— A boat from the
Turkish corvette Mansura, manned by
forty seaman, has sunk in the road
stead. Nineteen of the crew were
• drovecd. SSSsSfiftEaBSSfiB
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY; DECEMBER.. 8, -1904.
EX-COIVICT
CARRIES OFF
YOUNG GIRL
Keeps His Oath to
Abduct Witness
Against Him.
Follows Oat Scheme of Re
} venge on Leaving tie
Penitentiary.
Police of Eastern Nebraska Are
Learching for Emmi Rcche
and Eer Captor.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
OMAHA.. Nebr., Dec. 7.— Miss Emma
Roche was last night kidnaped from
Herman. Xebr., by Samuel Mock, an
ex-convict against whom she had
given testimony which sent him to
prison *3ve years ago.
Mock was released from the peniten
tiary only last week and immediately
began plans for carrying out his
threat to take vengeance on the girl
for her testimony. Mock last night
pretended to be a detective with a
warrant for the girl and took her from
her friends in this manner.
The- police of all Eastern Nebraska
are searching for the convict and his
As soon as f«he heard of his release
from prison M5s?s Roche left her home
n Omaha and went to Herman, fear
ing that itock would murder her. Mock
traced her to her hiding place and ef
fected her abduction
BELIEVE THEY
HAVE ROBBERS
Officers Arrest Three 3Ien
for Alleged Complicity in
the Express Car Tragedy
Special DUratch to Th- Call
LOS ANGELES. Dec. T.-It is now
believed that three men were impli
cated in the robbery of the Wells-Far
go express <-ar on the Santa Fe over
land train Monday, during which Ex
press Messenger Roberts was fatally
shot, and the San Bernardino officers
and railroad detectives believe they
have all three of the men in custody.
The prisoners are N. R. Fitzpatrick, a
former railroad fireman and miner;
Charles Weis. a hobo, and Garfield
Williams, a negro hostler. They are
known to have been in the vicinity of
the scene of the robbery at the time
it was committed. ( Fitzpatrick was
captured at Ludlow by Sheriff Ralphs
of San Bernardino County and a posse
of Santa Fe detectives. The Sheriff
Fays that he believes the prisoner is
the man who flred the shot which
killed Roberts.
Fitzpatrick was seen to leave Rob
erts' train at Daggett before the rob
bery was discovered. He was traced
to Borate. on the Salt Lake road, and
from there to Ludlow, where he was
taken into custody as h*> was trying to
read the dispatches the operator had
received for the Sheriff.
Fitzpatrick admits he was in Dag
gett when Roberts' train arrived, but
says he was a mile west of the depot
at the time, which is positively dis
proven by Section Foreman John Mar
tin of the Salt Lake Railroad, who rec
ognized him as he leaped from the
Overland.
It is believed the money taken from
the Wells-Fargo safe is burled between
Daggett and Borate. When Kitzpat
rick alighted from Roberts' train he
■wore a cap. which he later discarded
for a slouch hat.
Charles Weis. the hobo, was arrested
by Railroad Detective Mulvane and
when put through the sweating pro
cess made such admissions that It was
decided to hold him. Weis admitted
that h« was riding on the front end of
the express car out of Needles. He says
when th« train reached Lavlck, Mes
senger Roberts opened the door and
ordered him to get off the car and th*n
looked to see if there "were other hobos
on the front end. He declares that Jf
others were on the train he did not
know it. This Is not believed and the
officers expect to establish it as a fact
that Weis either had something to do
with the robbery and murder or knows
who committed the crime.
Fitzpatrick was seen with a negro
the day before the robbery. The negro
Is believed to be Williams, who was
brought to Los Angeles, but arrived
too late to be identified by the dying
messenger. Williams has been taken
to Daggett to see if he can be Identi
fied as the man who was with Fitz
patrick. If he Js 60 Identified, it will
be a strong link in the chain \ of cir
cumstantial evidence against him.
The search for the money will be
continued daily by the officers. Until
it is found there can be no positive evi
dence against any of the suspects, all
of whom will be held until every clew
in connection with the case has been
run down.
Honor for Prpfessor Pickering.
/CITY OF MEXICO. Dec. 7.— The
Mexican Astronomical Society has
awarded its chief prize, a gold medal,
to Professor Pickering . of/ Harvard
University, who "discovered- the ninth
satellite of Saturn.
CASSIE L. CHADWICK ARRESTED
ON THE CHARGE THAT SHE AIDED
IN EMBEZZLEMENT BY BANKERS
Woman Now in
Custody of Fed
eral Marshal.
HOTEL HER PRISON
Will Be Given Pre
liminary Hear
ing To-Day.
CLIMAX AT HAND
BOLD BURGLARS
RUN TO EARTH
Wealthy Contractor of -Long
Beach and His Two Sons
Are Placed Under Arrest
Special Dispatch to The Call
LONG BEACH, Dec. 7. — The per
petrators of as audacious a series of
burglaries as were ever committed
have at last been run to earth here.
The burglaries extended over a period
of several months, during which a
score or more of houses were stripped
of nearly everything they contained.
Surprising as were the burglaries
there was a greater surprise when it
became known to-day that they had
all been committed by C. H. Schmidt,
a well-known and prosperous con
tractor and builder, assisted bv his
two sons. Roy, aged 19, and Ray, aged
13. Practically all the plunder stolen
by the trio has been recovered. It
had been boxed and crated and. it
completely filled four rooms In the
fine residence which Schmidt owns. •-■"-
i The very audacity of the last job
idone by the burglars led to their un
| doing, although It spoiled a wedding.
'Harvey Smith, an employe of the Pa-
I cine Electric Railway, -was to . have
been married in Los Angeles to-night
land he built a home on -Sixteenth
; street. For weeks he and hisintended
■ bride had been' purchasing furniture
ifor their home and. they had bought
• the best. The. house was completely
furnished with" everything- new. Even
their clothes : had • been stored there
and numerous wedding presents • had
been placed in the house. Tuesdav
night Smith took the clothing In which
hft was to have been married to' the
house, intending ; to ' dress there * this
evening, then proced to Los Angeles
and return 'with his bride.
. This morning: when he visited the
place he found the house stripped. of
I everything movable. Pictures had been
j taken from the -walls, carpets from the
floors, clothing; from the closets and
beds, dressers, lounges and chairs re
moved. In fact, practically 'every; arti
cle which could - be moved ,was .missing.
Even the piano -had I been turned on
edge.' the legs ; removed and the instru
j ment. moved to' the front porch.;:. : :
Tracks, In the yard showed where* a
wagon had* stood, -and these tracks led
across vacant Iots.'leaving a ;trail. that
&:' blind- man '.might /have .followed.
When 3 the ; police arrived • they . followed
the tracks, -which led.' directly ' to •; the
home of ; Contractor Schmidt... A' search
warrant was sworn i out • and * the.' bouse
searched. ; ' What .- they found .'amazed
the - officers. . Stolen. I goods /were -' In
every,; room;* and \ f our " rooms had - been
used as an Improvised •warehouse • for
j\ 7 E-W YORK, Dec. 7.— Mrs. Cassie L. Chadwick is
1 \J in the hands of Federal officials and the climax in
the remarkable financial mystery is at hand. Her
arrest was made to-night by a United States marshal and
she will be arraigned to-morrow. Andrew Carnegie de
dares that he will take no. hand in the prosecution of the
woman for forgery. More creditors are coming forward.
WOMAN WHO IS CENTRAL FIGURE IN A REMARKABLE nNANCIAL. 1
TANGLE. HER HUSBAND. ONE OF- THE • PRINCIPAL CREDITORS AND
MAN WHO HOLDS THE FAMOUS "CARNEGIE" SECURITIES.
TOUCHES LIVE
WIRE AND DIES
Sont hern Pacific Bridgeman
Is Electrocuted While
Attending to His Duties
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAN' BERNARDINO,'. Dec. 7.— R. O
Caruthers was killed this morning
while at .work , on a, bridge over the
Mill Creek zanja, a current . of "3,000
vclts from one of the Edison Com
pany's high . voltage wires- passing
through his . body. : Caruthers was a
bridgeman In the employ of the South
ern Pacific. Company. -With a crowbar
In one hand and a steel wrench In the
other he started to .walk along one of
the stringers. He lost his balance and
threw up his hands to recover himself
when one of the tools came In contact
with a' live wire. ; Caruthers fell dead
on the bridge, but; the- contact' with
the wire was not broken and a great
ball of fire was seen to, Issue; from his
body.; Two of his fellow employes,
fearing . the \ body was about . to \ fall "In
the water from thebrldge,: hastened 'to
save it and . were in turn severely
shocked. : » . .
• Caruthers was 22 years old and leaves
a mother who resides at Willows,- this
State. The wire which caused his death
is one ; of those carrying power from
the .'Mill Creek power-house to the city
of Los' Angeles and was of exception
ally high voltage.
stolen furniture. Proceeds of practically
every. burglary. which has been commit
ted here for months were found.'";* /
- The entire family Iwas arrested,' but
when- Schmidt '; and his .sons ' confessed
and*told;the officers: that the. wife, and
mother had . pleaded with . them ! to : quit
stealing. Mrs. Schmidt; was released. '.
Schmidt's, daughter is dying of, ty
phoid '■- fever and i begged 'the" officers to
permit' her brothers and r father Ho; re
main with her.' but- that | was :impos
sible. .The" prisoners were- taken to
Lbs 'Angeles and placed In jail. -
' THE THEATERS.
ALCAZAR— # Tbe Professor'* Jjov
- "Story.".
CALIFORNIA— West's Minstrel*.
COLUMBIA— "Her Own Way."
CENTRAL. — "Tito Suburban."
CHUTES— VaudertHe. i *
Fl SCHER* S— VawSevU a.
GRAND — "In Dahomey.*!
MAJE8TIC— "The Senator." lUtln**
to-Uajr.
ORPHEUM— VauiSevlU*. Matins* to
day.
TTVOLJ— "King Dodo."
CON. VIRGINIA
MINE ROBBED
Bich Ore Stolen by Trusted!
Employes Is Shipped to
the Selby Smelting Works
Sreclal Dispatch to The Call.
- RENO, ; Nev., Dec. 7.— For the past
four months a number of men have
been systematically robbing the Con
solidated Virginia mine In Virginia City
of its richest, ore and have been ship
ping It to the Selby Smelting and Lead
Works, near San Francisco. It is esti
mated that more than $10,000 worth of
the richest ore in the mine was stolen
and turned into gold at Selby's.
The theft was discovered by an em
ploye of | Selby's. who recognized the
last consignment'of ore as coming from .
the . Consolidated Virginia mine when j
it was supposed to. have come from an
other mine in Nevada. He immediately
reported the matter to Superintendent
McKinty.of the Consolidated Virginia
mine, who visited Selby's for the pur
pose of investigating the affair.
McKinty. returned last week and im
mediately discharged four of the most
trusted men", in the mine. "Arrests may
follow when an investigation now be
ing made' 13 concluded. • *
The manner of stealing the ore was
very easy. The ore is sent from the
shaft: to the dumps, where it is sorted
and the "poor: ore- is thrown over the
dumps.. Instead of throwing away. the
poor, ore, however, the richest quartz
was thrown ever the dumps. This
would be gathered up by accomplices
at, night and shipped to Reno in wag
ons, where it would be loaded' on cars
and sent to'Selby'tt. '
Woman Must Hans for Murder.
, MONTPELJER, Vt., Dec. 7. — The
Vermont House to-day refused by a
vote- of. 91 to 129 to pass to a third
reading a bill to commute to life im
prisonment ' the ; sentence of- hanging
imposed upon' Mrs. Mary' M. Rogers,
convicted of ■ murdering < her ' husband.'
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Carnegie Will Not
Assist in the
Prosecution.
JOKES OVER CASE
Say It Shows That
His Credit Is
All Right.
LAUGHS AT DUPES
NEW YORK. Dec. 7.— Mrs. Chad
wick's arrest has nothing to do -with
the forgery charge made by President
Beckwlth of the Oberlin Bank, which
was forced to close Its doors. Should
the forgery charge be pressed the
State authorities would act. not the
national Government. In that event
it- would be necessary to swear out a
warrant In Ohio and ask for her ex
tradition to the Buckeye State.
But it Is not likely that a forgery
charge will be made. Andrew Carnegie
declares that he has not the slightest
intention of proceeding against the
woman. If he should not do so It will
be hard to indict her, even If the notes
are forged, as President Beckwlth
says.
The State of Ohio cannot force Car
negie's attendance upon the Grand
Jury unless ho crosses the line into
that State. Should he repudiate the
nntes suit cnuld be htpus-ht aerainst
him by a citizen of Ohio In the United
States court and the testimony- he
gave might be used before the Grand
Jnry.
When Carnegie was ask-d to-day if
he intended to prosecute Mrs. Chad
wick. he said: "Why no. I've, no inten
tion of doing any such thing. Why
should I?" .
"If your name has been forged, don't
you feel it Incumbent upon you to find
out who is guilty and punish that per
son V "■",-
"Not at all," exclaimed Carnegie.
"Would you not feel glad to know that
some one has been able to get J2.000.000
by simply signing your name to a
piece of paper. It shows that my
credit Is AL"
Carnegie chuckled.
MRS. CHADWICK'S ARREST.
Mrs. Cassie L. Chadwick was placed
under arrest to-night In her apart
ments In the Hotel Breslin. charged
with aiding and abetting a bank of
ficer in embezzling (12,500. The ar
rest was made after a lengthy con
ference between United States Com
missioner Shields, Assistant United
States District Attorney E. E. Bald
win. Secret Service Agent Flynn
and -United States Marshal William
HenkeL Commissioner Shields issued
the warrant, which charges & violation
of section 5023 of the United Stares
Federal laws relating to conspiracy.
There was a scene in the woman's
room when the officials announced to
Mrs. Chadwick that she was under ar
rest. Her son sprang to his mother's
side, as she burst Into tears, but the
youth uttered no word.
.Marshal Henkel. who. with his depu
ties and United States Secret Service
Agent William J. Flynn grouped in the
door of Mrs. Chadwick's apartment.
had entered without knocking, found
her In bed. He said:
"Madam. I have an unpleasant duty
to perform. I am obliged to serve a
warrant for your arrest, issued by
United States Commissioner Shields; at
the Instance of the Federal authorities
of Ohio." .- .-; -:*\ . WHfflft
"I am very nervous and 111." replied
Mrs. Chadwick. "What shall -I do? I
certainly am unable to get up."
' "In that case." said^the Marshal. "I
Continued on Page ~2, Column I.2
UNITED STATES
MARSHAL ARRESTS
CASSIE CHADWICK
Con tinned From Pace 1» Column 7.
shall be obliged to remain here and
keep you under surveillance. You will
realize that, unpleasant as this is for
both of us. you are a prisoner and I
have no right to leave you here alone.
1 will do everything I can^to relieve
you of annoyance, however."
COACHED BY' ATTORNEY.
When the conference was in progress
a man believed to be Powers, one of
Mrs. Chadwick's counsel, entered the
room and began to advise her. He told
her to stay in bed and under no circum
stances to leave the room. Marshal
Henkel took exception to the advice
and said:
"If Mrs. Chadwick needs my advice
as a prisoner I'll give it to her. No at
tempt will be made to move her away
from her room to-night, but she must
go before Commissioner Shields in the
morning.'*
The secret service men engaged a
room adjoining Mrs. Chadwick's suite
and established themselves there for
the night, while' one of ', the Marshal's
men was posted in Mrs. -Chadwick's
bedroom, one outside her door apd an
other In the corridor.
Marshal Henkel said he would re
main in direct supervision of things all
night. - -
George Ryall. a lawyer representing
Newton of Brookllne. one of Mrs. Chad
wick's creditors, called to see her soon
after her arrest. He whispered with
her tor a moment and then left the
room.
Soon after the arrest and before it
was known whether Mrs. Chadwick
would be taken from the hotel at once
or not the hotel management sent to
Mrs. Chadwick a bill for the rooms up
to to-day. She paid it and the bill was
returned to her receipted. By. permis
sion of the Marshal Mrs. Chadwick tel
ephoned to her physician. Dr. Moore,
to come to her at once. He arrived a
few moments later. The physician said
that although he had advised her sev
eral days ago to go to a sanitarium,
she would be able to appear to-morrow
before the United States Commissioner.
B. J. Whitney, who is a director of
the Citizens' National Bank of Oberlin.
Ohio, called and asked to see the pris
oner, but permission was denied him.
CARNEGIE'S NAME MENTIONED.
Andrew Squire, who came here yes
terday from Cleveland with Iri Rey
nolds, secretary of the Wade Park
Banking Company, had a half-hour's
conversation with Mrs. Chadwick. At
the conclusion of the conference Squire
paid:
"The arrest of Mrs. Chadwick doe*
not in any way affect the holding we
have of her securities and it does not
change the legal proceedings necessary
in -the further evolution of the case."
Squire further said that he did not
know the present whereabouts of Rey
nolds, who is said to have in his pos
session the $3.o00.00i> in securities be
lonsrin? to Mrs. Chadwick.
The deputy marshals and secret ser
vii-e men who v. ere in Mrs. Chadwick's
r<>om said that the name of Andrew
Carnegie was mentioned several times
and that the s-iund'of the name each
time caused Mrs. Chadwick to smile.
The officers added that, though nerv
i-js, Mi\s. Chadv. ick does not appear as
il! as reported.
The present arrangements are that
Mrs. Ohadwick will be taken to Com
missioner Shields' office at 10 o'clock
to-morrow morning, and it is under
stood that an application will be made
to a United States Circuit Court Judge
fry the United Ktates District Attorney
for a reouest of removal to Ohio. V:-
TEXT OF" THE COMPLAINT.
The complaint upon which the war
rant of prrest was issued was headed:
"Carsie I- Chadwick, implicated with
C. T. Berkwith and A- B. Spear."
The complaint was made by United
States Assistant District Attorney
Ernest N. Baldwin, and recites "that
<m or about August 26, 1303, in Oberlin,
Ohio. C T. Beckwith and A. B. Spear,
respectively the president and cashier
of the Citizens' National Bank of
Oberlin. did unlawfully, knowingly,
feloniously and willfully misapply a
portion of the money, fund3 and cred
its of the Citizens' National Bank with
the intent on thtir part to injure and
defraud the banking association and
5ts shareholdei-K and directors, that !a
to say. the sum of S12.5Q0, by willfully
cashing and paying this amount from
the funds of this bank, a certain check
heretofore drawn on said banking as
sociation b^in? as follows:
'•OBERL.IX, Ohio. Aug. 24. 11*13.
"The Citizen*' National Bank: Pay to the
ocCt of C. L. Chadwick or order $l^.r>fX>.
(SifiiPd) "C. L. CHADWICK.
"A. R. SPEAR, Cashier.
"Good only when Indorsed." - •• .
"That the same Cassie L. Chadwick.
by whom this checlc was drawn, did
not have on deposit at. this bank th*
amount of money named or any
eum whatever to pay this check, as
Beckwith and Spear well knew."
The source of this information is
sriv^n is an affidavit of complaint
made by Frank 2$. Chandler and
sworn and subscribed to before Eerv
rard F. Bmugh. a United States Com
missioner for the Northern District of
Ohio, on December 5. 1904.
HOW ARREST WAS PLANNED. *
CLEVELAND. Dec. 7.— When fhoun
the press bulletin which told of 'the
arrest of Mrs. Chadwick in New Vork.
United States District Attorney SuHl
van gave the particulars of how the
rase had b«»cn handled during the past
week.
"Mrs. Chadwick's arrest had been
under contemplation for the last
v,-«;ek," he said. "1 was ;roing to cause
her arrest on Sunday, when the war
rants for Beckwith and *Spear were
sworn out, but I thought it well to g»»
slow in the matter. At 7 o'clock la«t
night in Toledo United States Marshal
Chandler appeared before • United
States Commisirior.or Brough nnd
swore to an affidavit charging Mrs.
Chadwick with aiding and abetting in
tlie misapplication of the funds of. a
national bark. It was fcpecifically
*tated In the aJMdavit that Mrs. Chad-
IMna&-8&xtx
A select assort-
ment* of the best*
ideas in Gentle-
men's Haberdash-
ery and Clothing.
We carry an ex»
tensive display
of F. B. Q, hand*
made clothing.
62 2 Market St.-
(WHITE BUJLDlNGj
wick had aided President Beckwith
and Cashier Spear of the Citizens' Na
tional Bank'of Obeflin, Ohio, In the
misappropriation of $12,500 on August
1G, 1902,. at which time the woman re
ceived from Cashier Spear a certified
check for the amount stated. This af
fidavit was sent In the^tnall by spe
cial delivery to United States . District
Attorney -Burnett of New York, with
instructions to issue a warrantupon it
pjidarrest tiie woman forthwith. ■<
; \VO3IAN'S DUAL ROLE.
"I am not sure as to the witnesses
I will summon in the case. I can name
only one of thorn at present. This per
son /will be Irving Belford, now clerk
of the United States Court for t"h»»
Northern District of Ohio. Belford de
fended Josiph' 'Lariib, "who'was arrest
ed with Mme. Devere . for forging
$JO,000 worth of notes.: Lamb being ac
quitted on the ground that . he was
held in the woman's power and did not
knowinply commit a crime. Belford
will be asked to identify Mrs. .Chad
wick as Mme. Devere. which, he.de
t-Jares, he can do. As to .the rest, of
the case which we have prepared I
cannot talk at presents The notes
signed with the' name of Andrew Car
negie will enter into it, 1 suppose; A3
to whether forgery can be proved I
6m not now prepared to state."
Regarding the arrest of Mrs. Chad
wick by the Federal offlcfals,- the " re
ceiver of the Chadwick property, Na
than Loeser, said that it need not
necessarily interfere with the bank
ruptcy petition; that she can be pro
ceeded against in bankruptcy and her
assets distributed among her credi
tors.
In order to make as strong a case as
possible against Mrs. Chadwick the
Federal officials will subpena. as soon
as service is possible, a number of wit
nesses who have known Mrs. Chadwick
for twenty years. The witnesses will
attempt to prove that Mrs. Chadwick
and Madame Devere*are the. same per
son. ,
BANKRUPTCY PROCEEDINGS.
Application was made to-day in the
United States District Court for the
summoning of Cassie L. Chadwick, Iri
Reynolds and Emil Hoover, the son of
Mrs. Chadwick, for purposes of exam
ination in bankruptcy proceedings.- The
petition was filed by Nathan Loeser,
receiver for the Chadwick estate.
The petition reiterates that, although
reasonable effort has been made, the
receiver has thus far been unable I to
secure possession of the property lof
Mrs. Chadwick.
The petitioner recites that he is in
formed that the persons named in the
petition have in their possession se
curities, jewelry and other property of
great value belonging to Mrs. Cha'd
wick and which should be in the hands
of the petitioner.
Prosecutor Keeler'of this county and
Prosecutor Stroup of Loraine County
had a conference to-day regarding ac
tion taken in regard to the forged notes
which were held by Mrs. Cassie L.
Chadwick and which were the cause of
the wrtcking of the Oberlin Citizens'
National Bank. The conference related
particularly to the matter of jurisdic
tion and it was decided to take up the
case in Loraine County.
President Beckwith and Cashier
Spear have been subpenaed to ap
pear before the special Grand Jury
which will meet to-morrow at JElyria.
Both prosecutors say they are de
termined to vigorously prosecute any
infraction of the State laws in the
Chadwick case. t :.\ •: ':■ ■■■'■.
TWO ANDREW CARNEGIES.
PITTSBURG, Dec. 7.-3n Pittsburg
there is not a man of business who
really believes that Andrew Carnegie,
ironmaster and philanthropist, is guil
ty of complicity in the Chadwick case.
But there are two Andrew Carnegies.
This fact has recently come to the
minds of Pittsburgers.
"Two Andrew Carnegies," hundreds
of sensible men of this city of million
aires have said to-day; "funny we
never thought of that before."
The second Andrew Carnegie is a"
son of Mrs. Lucy Carnegie, who is a
widow of the elder Andrew's brother,
Tom Carnegie. Andrew the second is
not well known. In fact he was en
tirely forgotten until the Chadwick
case came out in all its glare. It is
not said that the second Andrew Car
negie has had anyhing to do with the
case, but it is pointed out -that there
are two Andrew Carnegies, and there
fore the case becomes more than ever
complicated.
BOSTON. Dec. 7.— The Globe says
Mrs. Chadwick, before receiving the
loan from Herbert D. Newton of Brook
line, saw a Boston attorney, gave him
a $500 note purporting to have been
signed by Andrew Carnegie and a cer
tificate that $5,000,000 In securities were
on deposit with the Wade Park Bank
ing Company of Cleveland, Ohio, and
as.ked him to raise a loan for her.
With the-story of valuable property
held In trust the attorney applied to
Jthn M. Graham, president of the In
ternational Trust Company, for a loan
of $200,000. Graham saw the note and
certificate, but, as he says, "there was
altogether too much mystery about It.
I said at once that I could not make
a loan on that basis. Three minutes
was all the time I gave to hearing the
story and deciding not to make the
loan."
BELIEVE THAT CIIOLKRA
EXISTS ABOARD STEAMER
Tramp Vessel From Java Held at
the Quarantine Station In
~Xcw York. ' 'V
NEW YORK, Nov. 7. — The tramp
steamship Coulsdon, which arrived to
day from Java, is held by the quaran
tine officials in the belief that cholera
exists on the vessel. Six men ot"[(he
crew died during the voyage. /Five
others are 111 with what the :steaxp.
ship's officials pronounce to be beri
beri. The deaths of two of the crew
occurred nt Suez after the docto'r
there had diagnosed their illness as
cholera.- The sickness has been among
the Chinese members of the crew. '-•
Dr. Doty. Health Officer of the port,
after examining the crew of the
•titeamer Cnulsdon said:
"There in no cholera on the vessel.
When I examined, the crew I found
two cases of beri-beri, which is not
contagious in this country."
CAXXOT RECOVKK DAMAGES
FOR 31 ENTAL DISTRESS
Indiana .lutljre Dismisses a Suit Iiisll
tutrcl Asiiinst ihe Pennsylvania v.i.
Railroad Comi>any."
LA PORTE, Ind., Dec. 7. — Judge H.
B.Tuthlll in the Superior Court f'has
made a ruling that damages cannot be
recovered for mental anguish alone.
Ten mernbers of the Joyce family of
Chicago Sued the Pennsylvania Rail
road Company- for $20,000 because
they, -and the .body of Mrs. Sarah
Joyce," en route from Chicago "to Lee
tt-nla. Ohio, failed to reach their des
tination on time and it was necessary
to bury the body without th»-full rites
of the Catholic church. The court dis
missed the Buit when the evidence
of the plaintiffs showed only mental
distress as their basis for action.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1904.
CONGRESS ASKED TO CUT DOWN
DIXIE LAND'S REPRESENTATION.
PLATT TAKES
SHOT AT SOUTH
Introduces His Bill That
Lessens Representation by
Nineteen Votes in All
STATEMENT WITH IT
Senator Believes Treatment
of Negroes Entitled to
Ballot Warrants Action
i .WASHINGTON. Dec. 7,^-Senator
Platt of New York to-day introduced
his bill, prepared under the direction of
the committee on national affairs of the
Republican Club of the city of New
York, having as its purpose the reduc
tion ot representation in Congress of
the. Southern States that have-dis
franchised the negroes. The bill if en
acted in its present form would lessen
the membership in Congress by nine
teen, according- to the estimate that
has been made by the Republican Club,
which originated it. The bill and an
explanatory statement issued by Sen
ator Platt were referred to thi Com
mittee on Census.
The bill provides for the redu-Jtion of
representation in the House of P.epre
sentatives as follows: Alabama, from
i) to 7; Arkansas, from 7 to 6: Florida,
3 to 2; Georgia, 11 to 8; Lyuisiana, 7 to
5, Mississippi, 8 to 6; North Carolina,
10 to 8; South Carolina, 7 to 5; Tennes
see, 10 to 9; Texas, 16 to 15; Vorginia,
10 to 8. • ■■
The statement says
• This bill is framed upon the lowest limita
tion ;>ossible treats as excluded from the
suffra-.e only the male negro citizens over '21
years of age, classed by the twelfth census
as illiterate under the 1!HX> census tables, pub
lished since the apportionment act of January
16. 1901.
The aggregate* actually excluded from the
suffrage In each of the States mentioned are
in truth larger than thos<> used as the basis
for thin act. If all ne?ro votables U- e.,
male citizens over I'D regardless of Illiteracy
should be deemed to be excluded, the reduction
in reprepentatlqn, figured from the same
tables, would he nearly twice as great as
stated in this bill. 9
It requires no evidence beyond the notorious
historical fact for Congress to adjudge what
cannot be denied, that the class of negro Illit
erates, to the extent stated, is practically ex
cluded from the suffrage In the States men
tioned in the bill, no matter what may f t>e the
nominal provisions of their respective consti
tution or election laws. The bill therefore
presents the smallest reduction practicable and
is very conservative.
The "apportionment" remains as fixed in
11*01. and the "reduction" Is to cease when ths
facts >hall warrant It. •
The bill has been prepared under the direc
tion of the committee on national affairs of
the Republican Club of the city of New York,
the club havlnr at Its first meeting after the
Presidential election unanimously voted to re
quest Congress to take Immediate action, pur
suant to the representation plank in the na
tional Republican platform.
MILLIONS FOR ROADS.
Favorable Report ; on Measure Pro
viding: Highways for States.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 7.— Senator
Latimer.from the Committee on Agri
culture and Forestry . to-day reported
lavorably the bill known as. the "Lat
imer good roads bill." It carries an
appropriation of to be
available in three annual installments
of $8,000,000 for road building in the
several States. Under the provisions
of the bill the States are to do the
work of construction and pay. one
half of the cost, the^ational Govern
ment paying the other half.
Army Prdcrs.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 7. — By order
of the War Department Major Frank
Greene of the Signal Corps, upon be
ing discharged from further attend
ance as a witness before the United
States Court at Juneau, Alaska, will
proceed to San Francisco and I return
to his proper station in the Philippine'
Islands, as directed in previous orders.
Private Herbert V. Sutton of Com
pany 1j of the Twenty-ninth Infantry,
at Fort Douglass, Utah, is transferred
lo the Signal Conps. He will be sent
to Benicia Barracks, Cal. Private Os
car F. Coleman of Troop v G,> Sixth
Cavalry, at Fort Meade, South Da
kota, is transferred to the Signal
Corps. He will be sent to Benicia
Barracks. Private Charles E. Weber
of Company D, Nineteenth Infantry,
now in confinement at Vancouver
Barracks. Washington, will be dis
charged without honor from the army
by the commanding officer, - Weber
having become disiVallfled for service
through his own misconduct.' >■ v ■'
Colony of Horse Breeders.
; DENVER, Dec. 7. — John W.
I Springer, ex-president of the National
• Livestock Association. 1 is at -the head
: ot a project to establish near this city
! what, Is believed the largest colony in
'America for, the breeding of fine
i horses.' Each breeder "will, be a'spe
|olallst"in his line. " The colony's tract
{ will .- embrace nearly'_10,000 acres of
j'lsndand within the" boundaries will
I be -raised ' American coach horses,
J Belgian heavy draft horses,,h"eavy>ar
j ness cobs, thoroughbred Kentucky sad
dlers and trotters. _./;; . '
j liATE SHIPPING IXTEttlGEXCE.
;;>..■ AimiyED. .■,/•■',■•
.>."'■ ; . ..Wednesday. 7,"
'" fctmr XewDort.- Trask. '21 'd»ys from-'Pan
ama, via Ran Bias ft day» 1(T hours. . -
■- S'h/. >'•!:" "*.» N^rth. Ho*o«tr*)Ki.-m days' from
Port /Blakeley,.. via. Port, Tjmnsend 14-dayn.
bound • for OritraJ America, put In [ for hew
ralls-V - ' ' ' - ■ '"«
, Srhr; Falcon, Andet«on. 14 days, from' Grays
Harbor. • • ■■ " \
. •».-. '... ' -sailed. : >•:-;-.;
• •.,:■■> .,* > •'" ■..- .;;•"' Wednesday, December' 7.
' Stmf Brunswick. 'Elleifen. Kort Bragg. "; ■
VOCBAK STEAMERS. \
. HON*<5KO>ft;~Arrl\t«iJV. »rlor to Dec 7-r-Br
itmr Missouri Mat£. A mex^ Btmr. Stanley Doi
l«r)/ from Ban TrahcHscoj'stmr 'Aragenla.' from
Portland via Yokohama* • '» • .' >- '\ ■- .-.•
» iJOVKTt— Arrived .Deo „'"— Stmr Pretoria,
frGm>New York, * for Hfimbunr. • and [ proeedrd.
- CHFRBOt'RG— Sailed D-c, "-rSJrcr Kaiser
WJlheltc Jer Gro*s. ;from Bremen and gouth
amntntiifor New York. :',':' ;\-i' . \<,tv
LIVKHPOOI^— Sailed: Dec x ft— Stmr. Buenos
Ayr<»an, for Ht>'.Mot#. • '.«. r -•;:.>>■
Arrived -Dec C— gtmr CorniBhman, from Port
land,' Ort}.~- . ; ■ ,
NEW. .YORK— Sailed Prc 7— Stmr Cedrle,
for Liverpool : stmr Italia. -for Leehorn ami
Marseilles: stmr Stat*nham. for via
Boulogne; stmr. Cltta A 1. -Naples.- for .Naples
and Genoa: ettnr Prinz'.Osk^r. for -Naples and
Gen9»-:*sttnr Helllgolav; for Christlansand and
Cr.penha.rji. .'.-' - ' TCflMjajmaM /
Arrival Dec 7— Slmr Oeanic. from Liver
pool -arw-'Quwiatown : «tmr~Cretie, from Na
ples: strr.r Finland, from AntwerD:
LONDON'— Arrived Dec 7— Stmr Lancas
trian --from Boston.
ANTWERP— -Sailed Deo -6— Stmr Rynland.
for Philadelphia. /
.■■•■-. ■ « ■ .':.',.
Memoranda.
Per schr John Q. Nortli — On Nov 27, 10 n
m. 75 mllc-soff Columbia River, struck a h*avy
SE r«1p: blow away foresail, mainsail, staysail
and flyinr jib
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Brorco Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money. if it falls to cure.
E. W. Grove's sic nature is on each box, 23c*
SENATE HEARS
COAST'S WANTS
Perkins Presents Petitions
Prepared by the Business
Associations of the West
PANAMA LINE INVOLVED
Request Made for Protection
of Shippers— Move for the
Improvement of Presidio
Special Dispatch to The Call
CALL BUREAU. HOTEL BARTON.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 7.— Senator Per
kins to-day presented three resolutions
and petitions to the Senate, emanating
from organizations pf business men of
San Francisco and the Pacific . Coast
■f he Pacific Coast' Jobbers' and Manu
facturers' Association asks that steps
be taken for the, appointment by., the
President of a mercantile commission
to secure stability of rates and the pro
tection of shippers over the Panama
Rjiilroad- -The commission, the petition
proposes, is to make Inquiry in New
York and; the -other Atlantic Coast
cities and In. San Francisco and other
Pacific Coast cities as to the best
methods of operating the railroad," the
commission to number five persons, two
to be chosen from the Pacific Coast
and the commission to work with the
isthmian canal board. - •
The Merchants' Exchange commends
the recommendations of General Mac-
Arthur, commanding the Department,
of the Pacific, for the improvement of
the Presidio, the building of the new
barracks and the continuation of the
$15,000 appropriation for that purpose.
The Pacific Coast Hardware and
Metal Association of San Francisco
protests against the passage of laws
increasing the weight of mailable pack
ages of merchandise.
USE SCHANDER'S
OWN TESTIMONY
Though an uncle of Bertha Dolbeer,
Adolph Sehander did not even have a
speaking acquaintance with her. His
own statements under oath to this ef
fect were read to the jury yesterday.
His claim to a third of her estate is
based on his tie of consanguinity, yet
he gave testimony that afte^-she. was 3
years of age he saw her butr twice, on
one occasion having her pointed 'put to
him by his '^son ,irr jrtie } Hotel
court, and on the/ otfyir seeing, her., on
'the street. ,?»'■■• J i. ■■".'.'{
Miss Dolbeer 'did .not .know him, and
to him she was virtually, an utter
stranger. Schander was a. brother of
Miss Dolbeer's mother. v : . /■ - : .
To show how removed the contestant
was from the life of the , testatrix and
her reasonable justification for ignoring
him In her will the .proponents yester
day produced the transcript of Schand
er's testimony taken at a preliminary
hearing in the contest.
F. A. Parker, vault, clerk, testified
that April 25, 1904, was the date of the
last visit of Bertha Dolbeer to her
safety deposit box, where her will was
found. It was undoubtedly on that day
that. she deposited the testament there.
Mrs. Lena R. Thompson" of Chicago,
who came to testify in response to a
request from the proponents, said she
became acquainted with " the testatrix
five years ago. Two years later the
witness saw Miss Dolbeer and Miss
Warren for four hours in Chicago while
they were on their way home from the
East.
Last April Miss Dolbeer telegraphed
from San Francisco before starting on
her last 1 trir» to Europe what day she
would" lie. "In" Chicago, and asked Mrs.
Thompson to take luncheon with her
and Miss Warren. The witness de
scribed ,the luncheon, which was fol
lowed by a matinee theater party. The
testatrix .was In cheerful spirit and
spoke enthusiastically in anticipation
of the enjoyment she, expected to find
in her stay -in Europe. .,
"In my oplnlonMlss.Dolbeer was per
fectly rational and of sane mind at all
times," declared the Witness.'
Gale Thompson,; husband of the pre
vious witness^ : gave corroboration .to
her testimony; ;^.,- ; . / — v
n.vnoNAj/ DiJRiXG voyage.
■ The deposition of -William. B. Leonard
of Now York, who- w 'tr» his wife was
a passenger, on t,the -steamer on which
Miss Dolbeer;and^Mlss. Warren 'crossed
the Atlantipi.tOrEurope,^ was^read to
the Jury, The witness helped them to
arrange' for rooms at . the London hotel.
He'saw r MIss Dolbeer frequently about
the -Jiostelry and had; many conversa
tions 'with her;j v ... i ,V-7'-','~, r
"Sl>t ;..was\ rational.' in every way,"
said- the 'witiieW.whenLasked his opin
ion as to J Mies- Dolbeer's 'mental condi
tion. ;-^:':.- i ->' T ~;'h:--^--:r ■'-;■■" "
." The^ witness .and, hjs* wife were also
on the'DeutBQhlahdVqrt which Miss Dol
beer ..and 1 Miss '.Warren returned to
America. . The. testatrix was in buoyant
spirits and: gave, •■ every evidence -of
sound"? mindly '.'■'• *;'; ~^. ' /
Edward B6j»qui,Vwho knew John Dol
beer from. the e'arjy days and later his
wife and then hist": daughter, gave the
jury his" qpinion',«that;nV members of
the famlly.were ever. : Qt"unsound mind.
It was .true that "Mrs. vDolbeer com
mitted 'suiplde, but- .so.; far as he was
aware- at ; {he timer she^/had not been
lr.sane; \ The •.witness^ nevef^heard of her
being taken ; {o hospifals : for treatment
for her.-raental condition'. ■■" i
Mrs.; .Charles A. Latoh,' had known
the testatrix intima£ely,- v havlng met
her frequently In. this^city and at Del
Mcntet^'Miss Dolbeer ' v was very con
siderate "of ."old and that was
wh*t .attracted me to her," said the
witness. -.: ,' ; V'-
. "NoV'^I noticed nothing -strange : or
unusual about her at any, time." Mrs.
L6.ton answered. . "She.;," was always
cheerful, courteous and' very agreeable.
So far as my memory, my "Judgment or
my opinion is concerned •.Miss Dolbeer
was rational at all; times. '.tj »' ;
Mrs, Elizabeth A." Varidall. who was
a friend of Mrs. Dolbeer before her
marriage to John- Dolbeer and later
lived as a neighbor on Lombard street,
testified that at the time of Bertha
Dolbeer's birth the mother was 'of
healthy mind and caused ' no suspicion'
whatever as to sanity. Mrs. Dolbeer
EARLY DEBATE
IN THE SENATE
Bill Providing: Pensions for
Telegraph Operators of
Civil War Starts Oratory
BUSY SESSION HELD
Vote Will Be Taken on the
Philippine Measure on the
Sixteenth of This Month
WASHINGTON, Dec. 7.— The Sen
ate, to-day reached a decision -to vote
on : the « Philippine Civil Government
bill, providing for the construction of
railroads in the islands, on the 16th
of this month, and in addition trans
acted considerable other business.
Platt of New York created something
of a st/r by introducing a bill provid
ing for a. reduction of the Congres
sional representation of the Southern
States on the ground that many of the
citizens of these States are deprived of
their right to vote. Scott plunged the
Senate into an exceptionally early de
bite by attempting to secure the
passage of a bill granting pensions to
telegraph operators of the Civil War.
A large number of bills and joint
resolutions were introduced and many
petitions were presented. The discus
sion of the time for voting on the
Philippine bill brought out the* fact
that there is a general understanding
that the Christmas holiday recess will
begin on the 19th inst. •
In. executive session the Senate con
firmed all four. Cabinet nominations
and those of Postmaster Willcox at
New y; O rk and Indian Commissioner
Leupp.
When Scott asked the Senate to en
ter upon the consideration of the bill
placing on the pension rolls the tele
graph operators who served as such
during the Civil War Cockrell called
attention to the fact that soldiers were
paid $13 per month, while telegraph
operators had received from $60 to $10«)
per month, and on this account he op
posed the bill. He also said that if
telegraph operators were t3 be pen
sioned it would be necessary to pen
sion teamsters and other civil * em
ployes.
McCumber spoke in support of the
bill, saying there would be only 1ST
beneficiaries under the bill; but be
fore he had concluded the Senate ad
journed.
PRUNING KNIFE
IS PUT TO USE
WASHINGTON, Dec: 7.— The legis-
lative, executive and judicial."*1appro
-priation bill, carrying $28,833,709, waa
reported to the House to-day. This is
$846,408 less than the estimate and $225.
881' niore than the current appropria
tion.
The Appropriation Committee has
gone" a step further in the matter of
limiting the personal use of carriages
by Government officials by providing
foi painting the name of the depart
ment for which' they are to be used on
carriages and vehicles when they are
to be used by others than the heads of
departments and the President's sec
retary, who are provided with carriages
for personal use by authority of law.
There are 164 increases in salaries
provided by the bill. The appropria
tion .for miscellaneous expenses of the
Sonate is reduced $75,000 and for the
House $25,000.
Confidential clerks are proposed for
the Attorney. General and the Secretary
of Commerce and Labor at $1600 each.
The. sum of $10,000 is provided fqr the
empioyment of a specialist to' be ap
pointed by the Secretary of Commerce
and Labor, "to make investigation re
garding the manner of conduct of pub
lic business in the various bureaus of
the department."
The appropriation for the government
of the Territories Is reduced $64,750.
The detailing of clerks or other em
ployes of the executive departments or
other Government establishments in
Washington to the. civil service com
mission for duty In the District of
Columbia is prohibited; also the detail
of clerks provided for the general staff
to any other office or bureau of the
War Department, or vice versa.
The Commissioner General of Immi
gration^, is authorized to refund the
head tax where the collection was
made erroneously.
Pyrography Outfits
And all manner of wooden things and
sheepskins to burn. Hundreds of designs
not shown elsewhere. Inspection invited.
Artist material department. Sanborn,
Vail & Co.. 741 Market street.
continued in good health till a few
months before her death. .The witness
met and conversed with her. daily.
About three- months previous to her
death -MTS.rDolbeer's mind became
"disturbed," said Mrs. Vandall. ;
SA\V MISS DOLBEER AT WINDOW.
:At this point the- contestant's case
was reopened, in pursuance of stipula
tion, ' to read the depositions of . Miss
Jennie | O'Donnell and Miss Bessie Ma
son, which had been . delayed. M^ss
O'Donnell was employed as maid. In
the;- Waldorf-Astoria : at the time Miss
Dolbeer. met ,her death. She, testified
that on the.afternoon of July 9, while
counting her linen in the hallway clos
et, ;she saw Miss • Dolbeer. . and : Miss
Warren standing at. one of the airshaft
windows. They returned to one of their
rooms. , A.: moment | later Miss Dolbeer
emerged alone from room 923 and again
went to the window... The witness saw
Miss j Warren standing in the doorway
of the room, v ■
,, Miss O'Donnell. finished her task and
passed Miss Dolbeer In- going toward
the other end. of the oorrldor. . The wit
ness • had ■> not gone many steps when
she heard screams.. On turning she saw
Miss Warren rush "to the window, from
which Miss Dolbeer had disappeared.
:' Miss Mason was also -a maid at the
Waldorf and had seen MissDolbeer at
the airshaft v/lndow. . She was later on
the scene after the fatality, occurred. '
The c [deposition of Fred A. Green
wood was read, telling of his social ac
quaintance with -Miss Dolbeer and of a
conversation with her in. New York
when- she -was .• on- her .way to Paris.
Deponent . was certain . the testatrix
was of sound. mind. -. • .
The trial will be resumed this morn
inff. .
LAND THIEVES
GET NO MERCY
Interior Department States
That Work of Prosecution
Will Go on to the End
ALL TO SUFFER AMKE
Guilty Persons, High or Low,
Will -Be Hunted Down by
the Government Officials
WASHINGTON. Dec 7.— An official
statement was given out by the Inte
rior Department to-day announcing the
Government's purpose to prosecute
every man Involved in the -public-land
frauds to the full extent of the law, re
gardless of his position ;ln life. The
statement follws:
The conviction In Portland yesterday of flv«
persona for land frauds, which- will be fol
lowed next week by the trial of several others
indicted for the game offense, is but another
step toward the consummation of the policy
entered upon by the Secretary of the Inte
rior when it became known nearly three year*
ago that frauds were . ttelng perpetrated
In connection with the public lands, to run
down and prosecute the guilty cnes to the
full extent of the law. without regard to their
position In life.
The department has encountered many ob
stacles while engaged In this work, but has
moved steadily onward and has had th«
hearty assistance and co-operation of ths
Department of Justice In bringing the land
criminals' to justice. '
These frauds have been more far-reachlns
than the country has suspected, and the taak
of unearthing them and securing the necessary
proofs has been a difficult one. but there has
been no abatement Of the Intention to over
come all difficulties and secure the conviction
of the land thieve*. No one will be shielded,
whether high or low, and the work of pros
ecution will be vigorously carried on.
PORTLAND, Dec. 7.— Some of the
prisoners convicted yesterday In the
land frauds. cause are experiencing con
siderable trouble In obtaining the ad
ditional bonds placed upon them when
the conviction occurred. S. A. D. Puter
after a day's search pleaded for and
was granted until to-morrow by the
United States Marshal. He will be al
lowed to spend to-night, as he did last
night, in his room at .the hotel under
the surveillance of a deputy. Mrs. Wat
son was unable to secure bondsmen,
but her bail was reduced to $1000 cash.
She deposited the amount and was lib
erated.
Horace McKinley had no difficulty in
securing sufficient security and was lib
erated soon after the conviction oc
curred. Tarpley and Wolgamot figure
only in this one case, and therefore
their bonds were not increased.
Messasrc Referred to Committees.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 7. — The
House to-day went into committee to
refer certain portions of the Presi
dent's message to the respective com
mittees having Jurisdiction over the
several, .subjects. ... As soon as this was
done the House adjourned. -.'•-. ■ . ■
ADVERTISEMENTS. __..
Has made a wonderful record
of cures of Headache,
Soup Stomach, Poop
Appetite, Heartburn,
Belching, Indigestion,
Dyspepsia, Chills,
Colds and Malaria,
Fevep and Ague during the
past 50 years. We urge you
to try it; also Cct^a copy of
oup 1905 almanac from
>our druggist. It is free.
4 Perfect Fittinj (/|Y
\<y Eyeglasses tM
T /.{ Moderate Cos! {\
V 642 'MarketSt
CALL AT
Evatt @> Hinkle
86 Third St.
NEW GOODS. 1TEW STOZLE.
For Diamonds, Watch a«. Jewelry.
(VvieiT DR. JORDAN'S great J
dSUSEUS OF AHATQHY$
0 S& iC5msxK5T.t:i.to*ra,s.rcsi.4
y ■ Ear ' The Lu jetf Aut&roical Muciib in tt« \
0 jm±S\*i ' W° rld - Waakctstat »t any contracted B
A /[§K^ fl DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF NEH A
A H X?// H Tmimem p»r-on»iijr or b» letter. A B
\ H 1/ Si \\ *'" it "* 0«r«m yrtty c*ie underukea. T
A P i in w t it« for mrt. ruiMmorav *r A
V * If 11" SARRIASK. MAILED KKIS. fAf
\ n v /I •• raluthlc book for rarn) \
V HU. JWCDAK A CO.. 10SI Marktt St.. 3. P. Y
( , CUTLERY
EVERY BLADE WARRANTED
1 ADVKRT'g**»ravr3.
THE VAIjUE OP OHARCOAIi.
Few People Know How Useful It Is tn
Preserving Health and Beauty.
Nearly everybody knows that char-
coal Is the safest and most efficient
disinfectant and purifier In nature,
but few realize its value when taken
Into the human system for the sams
cleansing purpose.
Charcoal is a remedy that the mer«
you take of it the better; it is net M
drug at all, but simply absorbs ths
gases and Impurities always present
in the stomach and intestines and car-
ries them ont of the system.
Charcoal sweetens the breath after
smoking, drinking or after eating on-
ions and other odorous vegetables.
Charcoal effectually clears and inv»
proves the complexion; It whitens th«
teeth and further acts as a natural
and eminently safe cathartic.
It absorbs the injurious gases whlchi
collect in the stomach and bowels; It
disinfects the mouth and throat from
the poison of catarrh. >
All druggists sell charcoal in en«
form or another, but probably the
best charcoal and the most for ths
I money Is in Stuart's Charcoal Lozen-
j ges; they are composed of the finest
I powdered Willow charcoal and other
! harmless antiseptics In tablet form.*
• or rather in the form of large, pleas-
' ant tasting lozenges, the charcoal be-
j ing mixed with honey.
The dally use of these lozenges will
soon tell in a much Improved condi-
tion of the general health, better com-
plexion, sweeter breath and purer
j blood, and the beauty of it is that no
> possible harm can result from their
' continued use, but, on the contrary,
; great benefit. •■->,- : "
| A Buffalo physician, in speaking of
the benefits of charcoal, says: "I advise
Stuart's Charcoal Lozenges to all pa-
: tlents suffering from gas In stomach
. and bowels and to clear the complex-
; ion and purify the breath, mouth and
throat; I also believe the liver Is
t greatly benefited by the daily use of
• them; they cost but 25 cents a box at
; drug stores and although In some
: sense a patent preparation, yet I be-
? lieve I get more and better charcoal
• In Stuart's Charcoal Lozenges than in
[ any of the ordinary charcoal tablets.**
I .
, | FOB GITTS IS TISTl
' u Diamonds — Watches
1 [ MO2TDAT. DSC. 5th. .
i Special sale of sterling sil- 1
i <' ver and gold-filled adjustable i
, ' bracelet Watches, fully sruar- |
> anteed; regular price $io <
!; £ d ce $ : 3 :."." $5.50-;
i J - —AT — ' ,
| , ROY'C 311KEARNVST. < '
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
FRANKLIN FIRE
) INSURANCE COMPANY
OF Philadelphia. In the State of PcansyV
vania. on the 31st day of Ijeccmber. A. D.
1003, and for the year ending on that day, a*
made to the Insurance Commissioner ot th*
Stuto ot California, pumuani iu me provi*:i.iia
of sections .610 and 611 of the Political Coda,
condensed as per blank furnished by Um Cw»-
misslOBer.
CAPITAL.
Arrount of Capital Stock, paid up
lncuh *40O.00O 0«
ASSETS. ~~ "
Real Estate own-d by Company.. t 234.200 0O
l*oana on Honda and Mortgages.. 00,893 vt
Ca.sJi Market Value of all Stocks*
and Bonds owned by Company.. 2,382,243 oq
Amount cf Loans secured by
pledge of Bonds, Stocks and
other marketable securities a*
collateral 30.0CO 0«
Cash In Company s offlc* 2,741 33
Canh In banks 7O.6S3 SJ
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 1.M3 47
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
t:on ._. 123.437 1>
Total Assets gS.Ul.an* 44
LIABILIT-rcS. = . 3
Losses adjusted and unpaid $ 21.0OS TJ
Losses In process ot adjustment or
In suspense 42.S1S 85
Losses resisted, including expenses 1.W6 Co
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or 1»3S. $5i7.2S7 14:
reinsurance 30 per cent 253.843 5X
Cross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning uicre than one year, $737,-
•24121; reinsurance pro rata 387.878 31
Amount reclalmable by the Insured *
on Perpetual Fire Insurance Poli-
cies 90.880 4a
Commissions and Brokerage due
and to become due 2S.834 34
Total Liabilities tl.RM.3Cft <W
INCOME. ~ •'" #
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums • 9713,077 83
Received for Interest on Bonds
and Mortgages •••»•:». 5.«S1 19
Pecetved for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and
from all other sources 113.0S8 O
Received for Rents «.133 «k y
Total Income J-CO.073 M
EXPENTJITURKS. *
K«t amount P«'d *°*" Firs Losae*
<!nc\u000d $33.978 17. losses of
previous years) $330,333 00
Dividends to stockholders. 80.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage • 171.322 73
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
"barges for officers, clerks, etc.. 33.833 30
Paid for State, National and
i AlT*other" "payments and expen*di< ' ™
j turfs 98.324 43
Total Expenditures $733,037 47
j Losses incurred <Jurtn» the year.. ..|334.0«a 34
Rliks and Premiums. I Fire Risks. | Premiuma.
Ket amount of risks , „
* written durin* the
year i'tili" *.*° -&71.532 $ 911.270 03
Net amount of risks
expired during the . . „ . ., .
year ••.. 63.112.437 804.349 83
Net amour.t in force
December 31. 1903.. t lC3.«C1.238 1.224.963 39
J. "W. MCALLISTER. President.
E. T. CRE3SON. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before tae, this
13th day ot January, 1904.
SAM H. KIRKPATRICK.
Notary Publlo.
Pacific Coast Depatfmsat, 218 Sansanu SL
Telephone James 7341.
6E0R3E F. GRANT, Manager.
A. H.TR.tfHEH, Assistant Haaagar..
City Department, 20 Montgomery : St.
6. H. UMBSEN & CO., Resident /gents.
Telethon* Private Exchance 30ft.
Weekly Call $1 per YearMILLIONAIRE LAWSON RUNS
AMUCK IN WALL STREET.
Prices Suffer Through Assault
on Amalgamated Copper.
ECCEXTRIC BOSTON- FTXANCIER WHO IS DILIGENTLY ENGAGED IX AN
EFFORT TO STAMPEDE THE "BULLS- OF WALL STREET BY UNLOAD
ING AMALGAMATED COPPER SHARES.
BOSTON, Mass, Dec. 7. — Thomas W. Lawson Is reported to have an
nounced to-nUrht that he would apply for a receiver for the Amalga
mated Copper Company and substantiate every statement he had pub-
IL-hed in regard to the sreat Rockefeller trust.
NEW YORK. Dec. 7.— It was felt
after the clo.«e of to-day's sensational
break in the stock market, in which the
dealings attained enormous propor
tions, that a combination of circum
stances was responsible for the whole
sale and violent liquidation. Chief
atnoDg -these - influences^ every one
agreed, were the fears engendered by
the President's message as to his em
phatic attitude on Government super
vision of railroad rates and their en
forcement. Then the financial commu
nity realized that the stock market
after its Dro longed advance was in a
position described as technically weak
and topheavy, with an accumulation of
margined accounts, the stocks of which
had been acquired at practically top
prices.
Added to these influences were the
fulminations of Thomas W. Lawson,
the Boston speculator, announcing that
financial disaster was about to occur
and that the bottom was about to drop
out of the market. Circulated and pub
lished broadcast throughout the coun
try, these rumors had a most important
influence La shaping the market de
cline.
The break of security prices was
very general and liquidation continued
•ulmost without cessation until thcelose
cf the market. Prices declined on an
average from two to eight points, the
most prominent issue being Amalga
mated Copper, which broke in a sensa
tional manner, closing at GSVi. a loss
of about fourteen points for the pres
ent week and a decline of 8?i points
for the day. The volume of business
was unparalleled this year, and the to
tal transactions cf the day were the
largest since the memorable Northern
Pacific panic on May 9, 1S0L Altogether
about 2.500,000 shares changed hands
en the declining scale of prices.
LAWSON UNDER SUSPICION.
There were many who held to the be
lief that Lawson had been employed by
en important group of speculators to
etart the ball rolling and that he had
selected Amalgamated Copper as the
most easv vehicle with which to ac
complish the end. Early In the day
dispatches came from Boston, signed
"LawBon," to banking houses and Indi
viduals telling that President Roosevelt
■was about to "run wild," and that he,
not "Wall 6treet, controlled the railroad
cituatlon.
Advices from Washington tell of in
tense interest prevailing there over the
President's recommendations.
"The recommendations are appro
priate and the powers of the Interstate
Commerce Commission should be en
larged." said Senator Quarles.
Railway officials everywhere are
deeply concerned in the great question.
It is the general belief that the Presi
dent's recommendations are the direct
result of appeals made to him by Gov
ernors Cummins of Iowa. Van Sant of
Minnesota and La Follette of Wiscon
ein. Such appeals for rate regulation
coxne from a powerful body of men,
whose views and those of their constit
uents are entitled to consideration.
As to the future of the stock mar
ket, all depends upon the common
sense of the public. Prices have de
clined, but real values have not been
injured by incendiary circulars issued
In the stock jobbing campaign.
Neither are they injured by the dis
cussion as to the Government rate
regulation of interstate railways,
which -may never materialize. Pros
perity is genera! and is not dependent
upon any convulsion in speculative
prices.
GATES AIDING JjAWSOX.
BOSTON. Dec. 7. — It is understood
h"re that John W. Gates, the spectac
ular steel operator, is backing the
equally spectacular Thomas W. Law
son in the latter's campaign against
Amalgamated and the steel issues.
La-wson himself gives color to the be
lief In a bulletin to-day In which he
Bays:
"Late afternoon break on sales of
10.000 shares for Western man who
bought at 40. He has 30.000 left,
jrhich I will probably sell to-morrow.
i Sell your Amalgamated at best and
don't repurchase at any price until
1 management changes under reorgan
ization. Xo possibility of completion
of Heinze settlement being sprung. I
vill personally ask court for injunc
tion on ground of fraud."
The street thinks that Lawson
/*"«i<M.ba*-«Rogers and his- associates
had sold out Amalgamated and "got
the jump on them:"
ARMOUR UNLOADS WHEAT.
CHICAGO, Dec. 7.— Armour & Co.
created a panic in the Board of Trade
to-day by throwing on the market
5,000,000 bushels of wheat. The scene
was one of the most exciting witnessed
in years. Many options dropped 2&ic
and December suffered a relapse of
2 Vic.
While the panic was on the first
ereat break in the stock market since
the banning of the present bull
movement was manifested by a de
cline all along the line. Amalgamated
i Copper leading the downward course.
Hurling an estimated line of 5,000,000
bushels of wheat into tho pit, the Ar
mour forces, supported by other strong
interests, put the bulls in wild retreat.
At times, when the liquidation was
strongest, the excitement in the pit
bcrdered on insanity.
"A lot of people think that Armour
took a great loss when he dumped his
big lin<i to-day," said a trader; "but
I feel confident that even at the low
prices he came out a fair winner."
PLEASED AT PRESIDENT'S
WORDS ON INSURANCE
Attorney Beck of Mutual Life Tells
What It 3Ieans for the
Business.
Special DiFpatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Dec. 7.— Assistant At
torney General James M. Beck, who
argued the Northern Securities case in
the Circuit Court and who is now spe
cial counsel for the Mutual Life In
surance Company, said to-day:
"No feature of the President's mes
sage was more noteworthy than his
brief but emphatic recommendation
that Congress should bring insurance
.within Federal supervision- He force
fully 'calls attention to the fact that
great corporations 'can become such
only by engaging in interstate com
merce.' This recognition of the fact
that insurance plays an important part
in the interstate commercial inter
course of the nation is a new departure.
Other Presidents have recognized that
the foreign business of American life
insurance companies constituted an im
portant part of our foreign commercial
relations. Thus, President Cleveland,
in his message of December 2, 1895, re
ferred to the 'vast business* which
American insurance companies had de
veloped in foreign countries, and re
ferring to the attempts to exclude them
he expressed an opinion that we should
cot 'silently acquiesce in vexatious
hindrances to the enjoyment of our
share of the legitimate, advantages of
proper trade relations.*'
"During the administrations of Presi
dents Cleveland, Harrison and McKIn
ley the State Department repeatedly
exercised Its influence, through diplo
matic channels, to prevent unjust dis
crimination by foreign nations against
this feature of our foreign trade rela
tions. The Federal Government has,
however, been embarrassed in protect
ing the rights of, American companies
in foreign lands by the absence of any
Congressional, recognition of the na
tional and International character of
insurance. President Roosevelt's rec
ommendation will be valuable in safe
guarding our Interests In foreign coun
tries at a time when certain foreign
nations are attempting to deny Amer
ican companies equal rights in their
territory. The President gives to the
vast business of life insurance that for
which the American companies have
long and most, earnestly sought— the
seal of national recognition.
"It seems strange that such recogni
tion should have been delayed until the
business of .the. United ' States '. should
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1904.
ENTIRE PORT ARTHUR FLEET DOOMED
TO CERTAIN DESTRUCTION.
Warships Helpless
Against Japa
nese Guns.
TOKIO, Dec. 8, 11 a. m.— Imperial
headquarters has made the following
announcement:
"The result of the bombardment of
Port Arthur by our large caliber guns
on the 7th inst. was very good-. Many
effective hits were made against the
battleships Peresviet and Po-bieda and
the protected cruiser Pallada. In con
sequence the Peresviet caught fire and
at 3:15 o'clock the Pobleda listed to
starboard."
TOKIO,' Dec. 7. — The headquarters of
the Japanese army in front of Port
Arthur has reported, confirming the
disabling of the Russian battleships
Retvizan and Poltava and stating that
the cruiser Bayan # is aground. The re
port goes on to say:
"Owing to the plunging fire from
203-Meter Hill the enemy has * with
drawn to Akasaka Hill. On December
6 our forces occupied an entire fort at
1 p. m. Subsequently our forces, after
dislodging the enemy, occupied an
eminence north of Suerhkou and two
eminences north of Sanlichian at 3
p. m. On December <5 at 4 p. m., in
response to the request of the bearer
of the enemy's flag of truce, an armis
tice of five hours was granted for the
removal of the dead."
The commander of the Japanese na
val guns in front of Port Arthur, tele
graphing on December 6, says:
"An observation taken from 203- I
Met^r Hill shows that the turret-ship ]
Poltava is sunk and that the battle- I
ship Retvizan is listing heavily to |
port. Observations taken on December j
6 covered the results of the bombard
ment on December 5. We are now tak- '
Ing observations from a hill near Shu
shiying.
"Since December 2 we have daily
bombarded the enemy's fleet lying
south of Paiyu Mountain. From- that
point only the masts and funnel-tops
of the battleships Pobieda, Retvizan
or the cruiser Pallada could be seen,
and it was impossible to count the
number of our shells taking effect. On
other ships explosions resulting from
our shells could be seen, but owing
to their positions behind the hills it
was difficult exactly to identify them.
"The total of our shells taking ef
fect on the enemy's ships were as fol
lows: On a vessel of the Pobleda ,
type, 34; on the battleship Retvizan or
the cruiser Pallada, 31; on the turret
ship Poltava, 11. Besides these, 50
other shells struck, from which ex
plosions followed.
"On December 5 seven shells struck
the battleship Pobleda, and at about
3.30 p. m. a big explosion was observed
south of Paiyu Mountain, resulting
from the effect of our shells,, evidently,
on a powder magazine.
"The successful result of the bom
bardment on December 5 is inspiring
our men to still greater effort."
\
The Poltava was an armored turret
ship of 10,9^0 tons displacement and
11,255 indicated horsepower. She : was
built in St. Petersburg in 1S94 and went
into commission in 1898. Her cost of
construction was nearly S6.000.000. Her
armament consisted of four 12-inch,
twelve 5.9-inch and thirty-four smaller
caliber breech-loading rifle guns of
the Russian-Krupp patterns. She had
a crew of 700 men. She had a speed of
1«.2 knots.
Th-: Retzivan is a battleship of 12,700
tons displacement and 16,000 indicated
horsepower. She was built in Phila
delphia in 1902. Her armament con
sists of four 12-inch, twelve 6-inch,
twenty 3-inch, twenty 3-pounder and
six 1-pounder guns of Russian-Krupp
pattern. Her speed is 18 knots per
hour.
Ship Veteran a Lawful Prize.
BERLIN, Dec. S.-<-A dispatch from
Tokio to the Lokal Anzeiger reports
that the prize court at Sasebo has de
clared the German ship Veteran,
which was captured near Port Arthur,
a lawful nrize.f The officers and crew
of the Veteran' have been released.
Makes tho Blockade Secure.
BERLIN, Dec. 8. — According to a
dispatch from Tokio to the Lokal An
zeiger the placing of heavy cannon on
203-Meter Hill will enable the Japan
ese to fire on and sink junks and other
craft bringing supplies for Port Ar
thur from Chefu.
Mobilizing More. Troops.
ST. PETERSBURG. Dec. 7. — Orders
have been issued for the mobilization
of the second Volga regiment and the
Terek Cossacks.
have reached Its present amazing de
velopment.
"A business which has in force over
17,000,000 contracts of insurance, whose
annual income exceeds $500,000,000 and
whose accumulated assets exceed $2,
000,000,000 obviously enters most inti
mately into the commercial life of the
American people.
"The reason for this delay is not far
to seek. When insurance was in its in
fancy the Supreme Court expressed the
opinion that insurance was not com
merce. In all of the so-called insurance
cases, however, the validity of State
statutes enacted in the absence of Fed
eral legislation was alone in question.
"The Supreme Court has never passed
upon the validity of- an act of Congress
affirmatively regulating interstate or
foreign insurance. Their probable opin
ion is indicated by the recent decision
in the lottery cases, where a lottery
ticket was held to be a 'subject of com
merce' and its carriage from State to
State the subject of Congressional leg
islation. If a lottery ticket is a subject
of commerce a policy of Insurance, less
aleatory in character,' must equally be
so. To hold otherwise would be to
'strain at a gnat and swallow a camei.'
"If Congress shall follow the recom
mendation of the President . an im
portant advance will be -made in th€
development of this great business, and
I believe the Supreme Court will sus
tain It. Such regulation need not.be
exclusive of the rights of the States to
protect their citizens from fraudulent
transactions or to tax property within
their borders. I am satisfied that the
great life insurance comnanies would
welcome Federal supervision. Notwith
standing recent ill-advised and for the
most part malicious diatribes against
these companies, no business Is con
ducted by abler men and none with less
secrecy. Most of the principal compa
nies exhibit to every policy holder each
year an exact statement of -their: in
vestments, and for many : years they
have ■ submitted the most . intimate de
tails of their business to the Insurance
departments of many States and for
eign countries., I believe they will wel
come Federal supervision as: another
safeguard for the interests of the policy
holders." . •
St. Petersburg Now
Realizes End
Is Near.
ST. PETERSBURG. Dec. 8. 2:20
a. m;— Foreign telegrams received here
stating that the Japanese have suc
ceeded in mounting heavy guns on
203-Meter Hill are regarded as seriously
significant and have created a deep de
pression at the War Office. If the re
ports ef the sinking of the Russian
warships in the harbor of Port Arthur
ere confirmed, it destroys the last hope
of a sortie, and when me end comes
nothing remains but to sink those that
•remain in deep water, to prevent them
from falling Into the hands of the en
emy. \
The War Office is unable to N identify
Akasaka Hill. Evidently it is a'Jap
anese name.
The importance of 203-Meter Hill to
the garrison is- evidenced by General
Stoessel's desperate efforts to recapture
it. . ■ '
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 7.—Accord
ing to a story current in high circles
here Russia's efforts some, time ago to
negotiate the purchase of seven Argen
tine and Chilean warships have had a
curious seauel. The two South Ameri
can countries declined to sell the ves
sels direct to Russia, fearing the pos
sibility of being subsequently held lia
ble to Day Japan heavy damages, as
Great Britain was in the Alabama case.
At that time the question of selling to
a third party as an. intermediary was
discussed, and the possibility of Tur
key playing the role was suggested.
But Argentina and Chile steadfastly
declined to entertain any proposition
without a guarantee against future
liability.
According to the story Russia then
abandoned the project, whereupon
Great Britain stepped in, offering to
advance the money to Turkey to buy
the ships in return for certain conces
sions which would permit Great Brit
ain to erect a second Gibraltar on the
coast of Yemen, opposite Perim Island,
which would give Great Britain control
of the lower entrance to the Red Sea.
Negotiations between Great Britain
and Turkey along these lines are said
to be now progressing. It is added that
Russia is so much alarmed over the re
port that an emissary has been dis
patched to Constantinople to investi
gate and block the game.
General Kuronatkin in a telegram to
the Emperor mentions Japanese at
tacks on SinchinDU and Soudgianin,
both of which were repulsed, and an
important outnost affair on the right
wing, where the Russians routed and
bayoneted a Japanese guard.
General Sakharoff , under to-day's
date reports that I the Russian van
guard at the village southward of
Laotchengulni Pass was driven out
yesterday by the Japanese artillery.
The Russians fell back on the pass
after, auslaining. a few casualties. The
Japanese attacking force subsequently
retired toward Dapindu Mountain. The
night of December 6 Avas quiet.
Much ' circumstantial evidence exists
showing that tne agitation 1 "for, the dis
patch of a third squadron, comprising
the Black Sea fleet, to the Far East .is
inspired by Admiral Alexieff and is in
the nature of a campaign against the
Foreign Office and the Admiralty. The
demands for the reinforcement of Vice
Admiral Rojestvensky's squadron by
the Immediate dispatch of all the avail
able shins still in the Baltic is, how
ever, growing stronger daily. A high
naval authority declares that there are
three good battleships ready at Libau
and four cruisers could be made ready
quickly, while two battleships can be
fitted out in time to sail with the other
reinforcements.
The military strength of Russia is
still untouched by the present war, ac
cording to an official report at the War
Office. Of the 764 districts in Russia
there has been thus far partial mobili
zation in 423 districts, and In seventy-
■ ■ ' ADVERTISEMENTS. '
- * ""' flflBBBgBSwMIHfc ' V '~ '""._ JJS^IJ All our smoking jackets are made by us in our own work- j
v «S^ffi8Mni]98 ' KJ ■■"'• iM04$iK shops. Through this advantage we can save every customer
f&ffiWi •• Pllili^l ferent color, thus when folded over forming the trimming
||||||F ; |||3 S : LJfe^^^^Sl^^^^^^^^ft^ matelas?e. The colors are black, brown, garnet, navy, green,
.sketched 'irwt life^"^-'^ V^ I Tf W - . |g^^# \J*>
Czar Orders More
Vessels to the
Far East.
. LONDON, pec. 8.— According to a SL
Petersburg dispatch to the Daily Mail
the Emperor on Wednesday decreed the
dispatch to the Far East of a third
squadron, comprising the battleships
Paul I and Slava, which will be com
pleted as speedily as possible, five older
battleships, five cruisers and forty tor
pedo-boat destroyers. The whole squad
ron, the dispatch adds, it is hoped will
be fitted out in two months. Probably
it will be commanded by either Vice
Admiral Dnubassoff or Vice Admiral
Chouknin. It is further asserted that
no decision ha3 been reached regarding
the Black Sea fleet.
* A -report from Tientsin states that
the Japanese shell fire at Port Arthur
also sank the Russian battleship Peres
viet, but no further news concerning
the fortress has reached London.
The Daily Telegraph's correspond
ent in front of Port Arthur, cabling
under date of December 7, says that
the Russians ceased their attempts to
recapture 203-Meter Hill on December
6. In an uncompleted account of the
fighting that preceded the capture of
the hill the same correspondent ap
plauds the. magnificent defense the
Russians made and the clever handling
of the defensive forces against the re
peated Japanese feints and enveloping
movements en masse.
In connection with. the story from St.
Petersburg regarding negotiations with
Turkey for the purchase of Argentine
and Chilean cruisers a curious feature
is the fact that the Ottoman embassy
in London yesterday issued an/official
statement declaring that therjr was no
foundation for rumors that Tttrkey was
purchasing or intending "t6 ; purchase
Argentine men-of-war, "either for her
own use or for the , use of any other
power."
HEAVY FIRING HEARD.
Big Siege Guns In Action Along -the
Stmkhe River.
. MUKDEN, Dec. 7. — Cannonading
of great volume was heard around
Poutiloff Hill and the railway yester
day morning. It continued during the
day and evidently, owing to the tre«
mendous noise, reached Its height
from 3 to 5 o'clock in the afternoon.
It was unlike anything of the kind
heard heretofore except at Port Ar
thur.
This tremendous noise is believed to
have been due to the constantly in
creasing number of siege guns of
large caliber, all of which seemed to
be in use yesterday.
Rumors of an attack by the Jap
anese at various dates have been cur
rent for the last two weeks and the
Impression prevails that yesterday's
heavy bombardment was in anticipa
tion of the assumption of the offens
ive by the Japanese. . , .
Massing Men on Afghan Frontier.
LONDON, Dec. 7. — Those in close
touch with Afghan. affairs.. credit the
reports of ' large movements of Rus
sian troops on the Afghan borders.
From the latest advices it appears
that there has been a steady concen
tration of Afghan troops at Kabul for
some time past.
four of the latter only a few categories
were touched. In none are the reserves
exhausted. The regular establishment
includes a guard and grenadier corps,
two cavalry corps and twenty-three
regular corps, exclusive of two in the
Caucasus, two In Turkestan and the
Siberian corps. Ten of these corps are
now at the front. Four more European
corps and five rifle brigades are also
under orders to fill up the three armies
to 150,000 men each. The present plans
contemplate the use of only eight of the
twenty-seven regular European corps.
APVEKT1SJ53USXTS. _____^
AMOTHER SUFFERING WOMAN
I ESCAPES PAINFUL SURGERY.
''^^^^S^MSi A Woman's Praise
P r °laP sus uteri and which was sapping
: IH BK^^^^^^^^I^S^S^^^^It and " hen I found that it was helping ms
erer/ day ' '* seemed almost too good to
I 0/M^^M^<^^^.^^^^^^^sip me and in a very short time, / am now
severe pains in the back " - J * -"" *J0pnl3 LS.LL'Cll
and shoulders, while my stomach was so upset that my food nauseated ma.
"My physician said that I ought to be operated upon, but I strongly objected to if
and one of my friends advised me to try Peruna.
"I am pleased to say that this medicine saved me from a painful operation and
restored me to perfect health and strength in a little over three months.
"I am very much pleased with the good your medicine has done me. and I trust that
many suffering women may be benefited through the use of Peruna. "— Mattie Kline.
If all, of the many suffering women It relieves, it soothes. It quiets. It
.. . .. , . M . ...... strengthens. Most important of all. it
scattered throughout the United States cures the catarrhal condition of the p*l-
would take the above simple and direct tneae'otherlu'menW* "** bOttOia ° £ *"
testimonials to heart and follow the ex- Dr . Hartmarit wh0 ] a eminently qualified
ample of these women, no pen cauld de- b/ , ong /ears of experience in the treat-
scribe the benefit that would follow. mgnt of cata rrhal diseases, espscsally
inuSTS wo e men. n w l h n o y 1 SS^S < SS2 '•"* "'° rrA ' "* any suffering
' wearily around from day to day, from woman who cpp.'ies to him the benefit of
| year to year, with catarrh of the pelvic .. . ., . . ..
organs, little realizing what the exact his valuable advice gratis.
nature of their ailments is. Those womm who deslre to consu i t Di.
They are miserable beyond description. Hartman may do so In all confidence.
They ache, and tremble, and throb, and Thousands of women have been cured
grow more nervous, tired and debilitated by correspondence with Dr. Hartmaiv/
every day. Thousands of other women might b-
For this class of sufferers Peruna is cured if they would take advantage of
the most perfect remedy in existence. this generous offer.
Ask Your Drhggist lor Free Peruna Almanac for 1905.
EXPLOSION
IN A MINE
KILLS TEN
Five Other Persons
Are Known to Be
in the Shaft.
TACOMA, Dec. 7. — Meager details
of an explosion in a coal mine at Bur
nett, about fifty miles from Tacoma,
have been received here. Ten bodies
had been taken out at midnight and
it is positively known that five work
men are still in the mine.
Perfect Record Made In Bowling.
CHICAGO. Dec. 7. — Twelve succes
sive strikes have given Louis Semones,
member of a bowling team here, the
much coveted score of 300. Once be
fore in the history of league bowling
in this country, it is said, has a 300
total been made in a regular five-side
contest, with all the rules strictly ob
served. This was in 1902. when Ben
jamin Stell of Chicago rolled 300 In
a league contest. Semones' average
was 216 2-3. >•;
Christmas Fountain Pens.
We are selling agents and sole agents
for the best fountain pens In the world.
Prices $1.00. $2.00. $2.50. up to 57.50
each. Satisfaction or money returned.
Sanborn. Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •
Lou Dillon Due at San Jose.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 7. — Budd Doble is
preparing to receive the celebrated
trotting mare Lou Dillon, which will
arrive here to-morrow from Memphis.
She will rest up at Agricultural Park
until next spring. • £**
34
"UNCLE GEORGE" AS AN AUTHOR
Dean of Bohemian Club Writes \ Charmingly
) of His Eventful Eighty -Seven Years.
"Uncle George" Bromley's book, "The
Long Ago and the Later On," will soon
reach an expectant public. If It fails to
attain universal recognition' as "the;
book of the year" it certainly Will be
awarded that distinction b>v every C?.::
fornian and thousands of folk — some
of them widely celebrated— elsewhere.
It is more than its author claims for it.
" 'Tie simply," he says by way of pref
ace, " a narrative pertaining to an
eventful life of eighty-seven years, in
which its joys have so far outweighed
Its sorrows that I would dearly lqve.to
live it all over again." .That's a true
reflex of "Uncle. George's", fine "spirit,
but it conveys no hint of the historic
end literary value of his work. It does |
riot prepare the reader to find a volume
in which there is not one Cull line. '-In
stead of contributing to posterity the
usual autobiographical- sacrifice of
truth to egotism, "Uncle George" has j
•written in the same vein of self-efface- j
ment that makes his oral reminiscences ,
so beloved by 'Bohemia. And his "simr j
pie narrative" is sometimes as thrill
ing as 'Treasure Island," and at all;
times delightfully told. The chapters j
covering his early experiences in San
Francisco will be read when more pre- J
tentious histories of the city will be
neglected, because they combine com- '
prehensive glimpses of the life of the
time with anecdotal interest.
When it is realized that "Uncle
Cleorgo'was an actor' before Jefferson
essayed Ilin, and that he was an Af
rican explorer many years prior to
Stanley's discovery of Livingstone, only
a faint idea of the worth' of his well
told memoirs has been obtained:' For
his subsequent career embraces steam
>>oaiing. railroading, j office-holding,
hoto) -keeping and half a dozen other
vocations in California ere he settled
down to f?end tho winter of his re
markable life among the friends he best
loves— his cronies of the Bohemian
Club of San Francisco.
Of his birth he writes: "History has
recorded the occurrence of many great
and important events during the first
quarter of the nineteenth century, but
the event of most vital importance to
me occurred on the morning of April 14,
3817, in the city of Norwich, Conn. For
it was thpn and there that I was born."
When he was only 14 years of age his
pood mother sent him on a sealing voy
age to South Africa, "so that her mind
xvould be eased as to his whereabouts
*»' nights." and then he pursued the sea
and river navigation until he was ap
pointed "second mate of his father's
ropewalk." where he served four years
*re the call of the sea again lured him.
He arrived in San Francisco on January
*. 1851. and found a comfortable berth in
the customs service awaiting him. This
is one of his reminiscences of that in
teresting period:
It war during the exciting times of the early
fifties that the young men of the rlty. be
coming painfully aware of the demoralizing
effects of mixed drinks, orpaniied a society
known as the Young Men's Moral Reform Club,
with the motto. "How happy is the man who
never drink*." This was a conundrum which
none of the tnt-mlxr* was able to solve, but
the moial reform feature of the club was tha'.
Us members were never to drink mixed drink- 5 .
I had the honor of belro? elected the first presi
dent. There were twelve members, and our
meetings were held at the Mission on lh» la»i
Saturday night ol the month, with the Cliff
Houte omnibus to convey us to and from oCr
place ot meeting. But one after another broke
the pledge and was borne out to Lone- Moun
tain Cemetery, until there were but two sur
vivors, "lit- Superintendent of Public Instruc
tion and mystlf. In 1SI>5 I went East and my
fellow member of the Reform Club must have
been beguiled from the paths of rectitude, fcr I
he. too. died and I am now the sole repre* nta. I
tive of the organization which was famous in |
its cey ar.d generation. If my examp'.e J>hall
have be»n the means of persuading young men
to abstain from mixed drinks end confine th-m
*elves to the moderate use of whisky straight
I shall feel that I have not overhauled the
storehouse* of memory In vain.
Of seasonable interest is "Uncle
George's" description of his first
Christmas in San Francisco. He says:
The Christmas of ISM «« duly observed in
Fan Francisco with all the m«rry greeting*
of the staton.. At Barry & Patten'*. Biily
Mosj'om's and the Hlue Wine, everybody re
ceiTt-d the assurance of the distinguished con
siders Uon of everybody else during the day,
end at eight ft. C^riytmas banquet was g.vtn
at Jones" Hotel, which stood at the corner of
• "ailfornia and Sansome streets, where the
Hank of California is now located. The ban
quet wae served at flO a. plate, and to tho.*e
of us who had been paying a dollar and a half
for a meal made up of baked beane. bear steak,
oodfi.«!i hash and potatoes from Australia, it
wss worth all It cort. ' The roast turkeys were
a »enifa.ion to most cf u*. who had not seen a
tirkey tinoe leaving our Eastern homes. I
r»n;en.bcr a few of the gupM* that were seated
at the board. Thtre Wet* Ju.i^t Ogden Hoff
luan. Co'.Vctoj Kins. Colcm.l E. D. Haker. J.
M ;:..-: Brown. C. K. Green. CajHaln Shlllaber.
Jamef Walnwright. Srlim Woodworth. George
W.I (Jrannit». Jarr.es ilacondray. James Riddle
and Mayor Brenham. At 9 o'clock we all sat
down ar.il at half past 2 a. m. we all arose,
exd as there was r.o Oakland boat then every
body stayed until the wind-up of the jamboree.
Fairly illustrative of the spirit that
has endeared "Uncle George" to all
who knew him, \shile It has kept him
f it-.ri <;;»uler.ce. is his description of an
isitervJev.- with Governor Stanford,
who offered him tho. superintendency
«if ihe Central Pacific Railroad, to suc
ceed Mr. Crocker. He says: .""; . '■• l
I to'.d Governor Stanford that I appreciated
Ihe honor beyond the power of words to ex
-Vr*r». and with ail fry heart I thanked him
U :■ h«> flattering .< p'.r.ion of ni"y capability as
a • .::.■.;.; mr.n. J was proud to know that
n-.y r.inc > ears' service in the Sacramento
v»!ley hart wm the apr-roval of such men as
eviRpcoed t*!* .«>ntr8l ParinV Hallrca»J Com
|«any, bcl 1 had become ensnorfd of my hotel
life, ar.1 with many thanks I declined the
|Toffe:*>d hrnor. The Governor seemed some
what disBijioInted at th<* result of the inter
vtev. eni 1 afterward learned that he had
pcree to Sin Joy with the expreei* intention
ft inducing me to accept the position. Many
times, afterward, during my career as a hotel-
Vwper. It occurred to me that had I told the
f.rrt raan I mot. after my conversation with the
•Governor, tli*t he could have the cRtablish
rnrn; for Ju*t what he chose to offer and
For- hack to Sacramento, n would have been
in* wireM thins I <<*ild have done I would
IK4 no* ha\-e to think of walking In order to
.■or.nnn-.ize carfare. And yet. I would have
rvArrt-A «o ir.urh fun. and t>o many Jollr *ood
tirr.r> that, taking It all In all. perhaps it is
SCOTT'S EMULSION.
WHAT IS THERE
ITsi IT ?
Scott's Emulsion is a care-
ful blend pi the purest cod
liver oil, hypophosphites of
lime and soda, glycerine and a
dash of flavoring. The com-
bination of these valuable
ingredients emulsified as in
Scott's* Emulsion represents
the greatest remedy yet dis-
covered for weak lungs, poor
blood, low v i t a 1 i t y,' child
weakness and all wasting
diseases.
Well tend yno t sinpk, free
SCOTT & BOWKS, m Ks*4 Strael. NnrYodt
better as it ie. 1 could not be happier, nor
enjoy better health, if 1 owned a whole rail-,
road myself, and were the president and th«
board of directors combined.
In 1872 the Bohemian Club was or
ganized, and as "Uncle George," then
fulfilling a street sweeping contract,
read from time to time in the news
papers of its do-ings, he felt a strong
desire to become a member, but when
he "came to know* that it wasmade up
of men whose lives were devoted to art,
literature, the drama and other high
toned callings," he concluded that he
did not come within hailing distance
of the qualifications requisite. Al
tho-ugh his successful dealing with the
Board of Supervisors in obtaining the
street-sweeping contract "might have
been a qualification sufficient for a
member' of ■ the State Legislature, it
was of no earthly account in an appli
cation for membership'in the Bohemian
Club." But he was Invited to Join, and
he did Join, and from that day to the
present he has been the club favorite.
His first night in Bohemia is whimsi
cally described. When he arrived at
his home in South Park his wife asked
him what time it was, and he said
"Ten minutes past 10." The little wo
man arope, looked at his watch and ex
claimed:
"Ten minutes past 10? Why, it lacks
only ten minutes of 2!"
"Is that so?" said George. "Why.
bless my eoul, how time flies! J had
no idea that I have been home "so long."
He continues:
Thus rndod my first n!sht in Bohemia, with
in whose hallowed wall* I have for almost
thirty years enjoyed seme of Iho happiest mo
ments of my lite, and associated with the
moft . e«-nial, whole-noul«»<i gentleman I have
ever known, and that is why I have 8lven~si>
mu< n s. ace to my ti>*i ni£ht in Uohemla.
After that he was closely Identified
with the now world-famous club, and
about half of his book is made up of
reminiscences pertaining to it. Within
its walls or. through his connection with
it he met on the plain ground of good
fellowship some men whose names are
household words throughout the world,
and his experiences with them make
mighty interesting reading. His life in
China, where he served as American
Consul at Tientsin, is charmingly nar
rated the volume concludes with a
number of poetic tributes of friendship
to the author written by friends at
home ar.d far away.
But Bet the book. Robertson is the
publisher, ar.d it can be purchased for
$1 50. Its typography .and binding are
worthy of its delightful text
PERSQXAIi
F. J. Reid of Eureka Is at the Grand.
Dr. W. J. Austin of Salinas Is at the
Grand.
E. R. Gifford of Xapa Is registered
at the California.
Dr. M, S. Shearer of Santa Rosa is a
guest at the Lick.
O. McHeriry, a banker of Modesto Is
at the Occidental.
H. Cornforth, a merchant of Harys
ville. is at the Lick. • ■ . ; •
Walter S. Glidden and wife of Boston
are at the Occidental.
John Singleton, a capitalist o/ Los
Angeles, Is at the Palace.
Charles Snyder, a mining engineer
of Reno, is at the Palace.
J. L. Br>son, a mining man of Gold
fiolds. is staying at the Lick.
R. L. Cuzner. a lumber merchant of
Los Angeles, is at the LlcX.
P. P. Austin, a real estate man o'f
San Jose, is staying at the Lick.
John E. Gould and wife of Louis
ville are registered at the St. Francis-
J. E. Viney, a business man of Han
ford, registered at the Lick yesterday.
George P. Messervey. a capitalist of
New York, is staying at the St. Fran
cis.
W. H. Holabird, the well-known lum
berman of Los Angeles, is at the St
Francis.
H. E. Walte and wife of London were
among yesterday's arrivals at the'Oc
cidental.
George Herrick, who is engaged in
the lumber business in Eureka, is at
the Palace.
A. E. Zollikofer, a wealthy coffee
plenter of Guatemala,, and his wife are
at the Palace.
Frank Mattison, a well-known attori
ney o/ Santa Cruz, is among the latest
arrivals at the Grand, y i
Hervey Lindley, president of -the
Klamath River. Railroad, is down
from Klamathon and registered at the
Palace. -.- *'.-<,-.- -»v.-
Bishop William- Ford Nichols has
returned to San Francisco after being
absent on a vacation following: hlsat
tendance at the conference . in" Boston.
David Keith, millionaire mining man
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. DECEMBER S, 190*.
WELL-KNOWN BOHEMIAN CLUB
MAN WHO HAS WRITTEN A
FASCINATING BOOK OF . ME
MOIRS.
UNSAFE BANKS
BEING WATCHED
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 7. — With ref
erence to a dispatch from Los Ange
les saying he intended to revoke a
number of bank charters granted by
the Secretary of State. Governor Par
dee said he knew nothing about the
matter, as it was entirely within the
Jurisdiction of the Bank Commission
ers. He said he was convinced wild
cat banks are a hadything and that
some of the 'charters granted never
should have been issued, but that
Vhere was no way out of it at the
time the charters were applied for.
The Governor said it was his opinion
the Bank Commissioners had the pow
er to compel such banks to increase
their surplus to insure the safety^ of
the public.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 7.— It is re
ported here that there is a possibility
of Governor Pardee's revoking a con
siderable-number of bank charters
which were granted by the Secretary
of State during the interim existing
between the time, when the statute
governing incorporations ceased to be
operative by reason of repeal,- some
two years ago, and the time when the
new law went into effect a month lat
er. It is said that about seventy-five
charters were gratitod during, this
time, most of-. which were merely se
cured for speculative- purposes and, for
use in incorporati-r. commercial and
financial institutions with small cap
italization. About fifty of these char
ters still remain unused. It Is reported,
and for sale. In the opinion of many
these constitute a, menace to sound
financial institutions in that they are
likely to be used and, in fact, it is
claimed, many have already been used
in Incorporating unsafe Institutions.
of Salt Lake- City, who is interested
with United .States Senator Kearns in
a property in Kern County, arrived at
the Palace yesterday. ■;•
Among ;. yesterday's "arrivals at' the
Palace were Dr. M. R. Ward of New
York, brother-in-law . of . Millionaire
Charles M. Schwab, and J. H. Painter
nnd James E. Brownof Pittsburg, who
are interested with Schwab -In' the Ton
opah Extension. mine at Tonopah. They
have been inspecting the Nevada prop
erty and. were accompanied to this, city,
by John McKane; superintendent; of the
mine.' ' * , v . ',
-The Rev. CO. Oxnam returned.yes
terflay from Window, Ariz., where he
went recently for .his health. It is
generally suppose'd .that" Mr. Oxnam,
who was formerly pastor'' of Hamilton
,M. E. Church, has returned to, take up
active work in the city. ; •
Californians in Xew.York.
'NEW YORK. Dec. 7.— The follow
ing Calif orriians arrived In New York
to-day:'/
From' San Francisco — I. F. Atkin
son, at the Cumberland; J. Bonnie
pauf, ■. at the- Gerard ; Miss : M. B. Brit
tan. at the Martha Washington; R. N.
Carson, at the Imperial; .F.D.f Dick
man, at the Cumberland; J. Btein
hart. at the Ansonla; Miss F. B. Vail,'
at the Martha Washington; A. S. vCof
fee and W. H. Morrison, at the < Na
varre; Mrs. J. E. Woods, at the York ;
R. J. Jose, at the Breslin; Q. A. Klink,
at the 'Astor; Mrs.. M.. Lees, at th<?
Breslin; L. S. Robinson, . at the Gil
sey. . -
Do"/ You .Want .a Trunk
'At a moderate price? One that: looks good
and is^good? or a' dress suit case, valise
or, traveling set?, We'haveUhem all in
theibest material and lowest prices.- San
born. Vail & Co.. 741 Market^ street. "- • u
MAKES ATTACK
ON INFORMATION
Counsel for Young Weber
Argues Thai Client ,Was
Illegally Held for Trial
MOVES FOR DISMISSAL
Asserts Testimony Fails to
Show That Crime Was Com
mitted in Placer 'County
AUBURN, Dec. 7.— A large crowd of
spectators, among whom were many
women,' assembled in court this morn
ing lo hear Adolph Weber's plea to
the charge of 'murdering his mother.
Attorney Tabor, counsel for the pris
oner, moved to set aside the Informa
tion on the grounds "that Weber had
liot'been legally committed by a mag
istrate; that the venue had not been
-proven: that there was nothing in the
evidence to show that the shot that
killed Mrs. Weber was fired in Placer
County or that she died in Placer
County or that the person who fired
the shot was in Placer County at tho
time.
Attorney Tabor then argued alons
the line that Weber was seen to pass
from the Weber home at 6:S0 o'clock
on the r.lght of the tragedy and later
wa's seen at the postotfiee and Cohen's
store before' the. fire bell rang, white
the piano was heard at the Weber
home about 6:45 o'ciock. He said that
all of the evidence showed that the de
fendant was 'never' known to own a
pistol, nor was he connected with the
pistol offered in evidence. Tabor next
reviewed the testimony- given at the
preliminary hearing. Weber then
whispered to him, whereupon he spoke
of the threat referred to by Mrs. Snow
den that. "her turn. would come next."
Tabor said th<; remark was probably
misunderstood or misinterpreted, at
all events it. did not connect his client
with the murder.
District -Attorney Robinson replied
at .length, to Tabor's argument, and
quoted a . Supreme Court decision to
the effeqt that an information is a
deposition, and that if the defendant
does not dispute the jurisdiction of the
court at the time it is presented the
jurisdiction is established.
The morning was consumed in argu
ment, and the Judge announced that
h» would take the matter under ad«
visement until 10 o'clock Thursday
morning.
The Grand Jury investigation into
the bank robbery will be concluded to
morrow morning. It is believed that
an indictment against Adolph Weber
upon, that charge .will' be filed.
Claimants for the Weber estate are
bobbing up every day. There came
into town yesterday a man giving the
name of Lawrence, a German, and a
minister by profession. He claims ,J.o
represent a brother of Julius Weber
living in Oklahoma. The alleged broth
er's name !s Luclwlg Risenweber. Law
rence claims" that Julius Weber's true
name was Julius Risenweber. The au
thorities/give no credence to Law
rence's story. Julius Weber always
claimed that his relatives were, dead.'
LARGE- TRACT WITHDRAWN
IN INDEPENDENCE DISTRICT
Ten Thousand Acres Removed Frotti
Entry for Irrigation Project '
; in California.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 7.— The Gen
eral Land Office has ordered the im
mediate temporary withdrawal from
all forms of disposal of 10,5(10 acres
of public land in the Independence,
Cal.. land district on account of the
Owens Valley Irrigation project.
One of Sai\ Francisco's Best-Known
Business Men Tells of the Cure
of His Wife and Himself by the
Wonderful New : : : \i : :
__ v , I „„_„.,, . ■ "I
HsiK -* - Mr. J. A. Christen, who, In the testl- '■
•«B8s«^I "; ' .- . monUl below, tells of tbs cure of him- -
fGNfiljlfiSjiite ■ -■ '■■;,' >elf and his wife hy tha Electro-Chomlo
HyTp^* 1 /?,* «rt^t treatment, is one of the best knowa bu»-
I^^P»^Wi! : ?SI^M^^mS^RSk^'^* 'if ineis men in Saa Fraacisco. The Chris*
ten -Ranch Dairy Is 'known all over the
Wg%ESBi&3$J*%> * - ' * city for the hijrh nnality of the mili
- < ■ erv « d to the dairy's cu«to:ners. Elr.
Sw^vA&fU^W^W 5 ' Christen and his iom are the sole ova-
. WBMS^\S^S^f&Si3S&M^i^^^' > .C< 4 era of this raost successful business. Mr.
BBBSlBr^T^^^^)«*&r - * | - \ Christen has been a resident of San
B»»qfV 'jMygMMWyA' ' " •• ' '"■■'-'•** Tranoiaoo for- thirty-six years. For six:
tMBUMMffT^^JtHMnCT^'^' " t v year* he has lived with his family at ■
SBj&MSW&i 'i ' l'\ Xo- 14a 7 Valencia street. His ranch is :
B^M^M^iiMi^^M situated in San Mateo County, one mil*
W^Svfll^S^BKfS^fKBW^BSSSKUSS^K. ' rom Colma Station. It is testimonials
of well known people who live right
. . . here in Ban rranciaco that havebrourht
MR. and MRS. J. A. CHRISTEN. 1427 Va. attention of the public in general to th*
"-. •■■•■T lencla st.. San Francisco. wonderful curative effects of the Elec-
tro-Chenxlo treatment.
:,' In speaking of. the' cure ofhis wife and himself Mr. Christen said: "My old friend j
.■ 'Jacob. Bryan, who ior fourtfen years wan postmaster at Colma. knew thai I felt badly and
he himself having been so successfully treated at the Electro- Chemia Institute; 118 Grant
ave.,- San Francisco, . advised me . to ■ try- the Electro-Chemlc treatment, as the medical treat-
ments' which I had used were not reaching my trouble. So, on'Mr. Bryan's recommendation
I visited tha. Electro- Chemie: Institute for examination and "consultation, -which was free!
■ I 'was 'so pleased with the examination and advice given me that I did not hesitate to place
th* treatment -of my 'case in the care .' of the Electro-Chemlc specialists . at once. I am
glad to say that my improvement was Immediate, and In about live weeks I waa thor-
1 (Highly cured at a small .expense. My trouble was bad circulation and congestion of lmpor-
. tant organs. My etomach, :llver, bowels 1 and kidneys .' were In a bad' condition.' This inter,
fered ' with • the general. Circulation of the blood, and .1 had dlszy spells, .so. severe at times
that I could hardly keep -from falling:, and, In fact, at one time I did fall down and was
unconscious for some little i time. "/My 'wife" was suffering greatly with rheumatism and con-
gested .liver. The.paln below the liver was so severe that we feared My wire
,-:had good medical ■ attention, but , her J trouble continued . . to .. grow worse < in spite of - all !
' we could do. A» I was getting along so nicely I Insisted upon, my wife taking the Electro.
' Chemie . course, and we are'both delighted to say that within two weeka'.'tlme »ho was thor-
oughly cured, all pain about the appendix and liver dlf appearing as if by magic. Her rheu-
, matism,' from which she had Buffered for . years, reeme to be thoroughly cured' in Just two
( weeks' treatment by : Electro-Chcmlstry. -\ This seems so wonderful to me that 1 am more
than delighted to make ' this public ' acknowledgment I of the cure of my wife and myself.
I. do this for two" reasons: First,, because r feet grateful to the Electro-Chemic Specialists
. and, secondly,' because I - believe that, the general public ought to know more about this won'
•derful- new. treatment.' I believe that I am well enough' known in a business way for any
one • who may • read this statement to • believe that every 'word 'of- It is absolutely true.
(Signed) .. • J. A. CHRISTEN, 1427 Valencia Ft:. San Francisco.
CONSULTATION 11^ Tfc "H> TT*
AND g< ■■C-'h'' h*
EXAMINATION - \ * .y^ •"* ■ . JL^ Mm^
Any one suffering from any of the followinsr diseases is cordially invited to call
at " tha Electro-Chemio '. Institute, 118 Grant avenue. Ban Francisco; for free con- j
sultation and. examination. The Electro-Chemic treatment is tho most scientific j
and- the -most' successful treatment known for the cure of Consumption. Catarrh. /
Asthma. Bronchitis/, Rheumatism, ITeuralaria. Locomotor Ataxia, Falling Sickness, ' |
EDllensy, Dizziness, Headaches. Spots before the Eyes, ; Piles, ' Fissure. Fistula.
Stricture,* Frostatitls. : Inflammation of . the . Bladder. Varicocele. ■: Nerve Exhaus-
tion, .Cancers. Tumors, Old Sores, -Weak : Heart, Palpitation. Shortness of »reath.
Insomnia; : Blood Poison, Skin Diseases; ; Eczema, Goitre, Swollen" Joints, Weak
Baok, Kidney Diseases, Brig-ht's Disease, Diabetes, Special, Diseases of Women
Irrejrularities, Displacements, Congestion, etc., etc. * , : • ;....;."
T ,' HOME 1 TREATMENT~The "■• Eiectro-Chemlo; home treatment • Is most successful.- . it is
always, advlstble,- when the. patient -can arrange, to do so. to visit the Institute for personal
consultation and . examination. -If - this Is impossible, a short description of the principal
symptoms should be sent, and full. instructions regarding home examinations and treatment
will be promptly forwarded, free of charge. ;
pE ELECTRO -CHEMIC- INSTITUTE
118; GRANT AVE.,? Cor, POST ST., SAN FRANCISCO
Office Hours: 9 a.' in.' to 5 p:,m/ and '.'7 toS'p.lm. daily.-^SundayW-lO vin'til p. m. 8eD»>
• ' '-*; '•;•;/, .<' ; :■:■■; s»X»' A sartmrnU far and Gentlemen. :•-:■ • \\-'"-i: • -
MRS. METCALF
THE HOSTESS
Wife of the Cabinet Member
Receives Many Women of
, Prominence in Washington
FIRST SOCIAL AFFAIR
Assisted^ in Entertaining
by Mrs. J aines Hope and
by '-/ tlie Misses Williams
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, HOTEL BARTON,
WASHINGTON, Deci 7.— Mrs! Victor
H. Metcalf, wife of the Secretary of
Commerce and Labor, held her first "at
home", to-day, which is know'n In the
social calendar as "Cabinet day." Mrs.
Metcalf's apartments were beautiful
with clusters of carnations and narcissi
and the hostess received her guests in
a pretty, gown of gray crepe de chine,
shirred and trimmed with lace-
Many persons called, though the sky
was overcast." The affair was in every
way quite delightful. Among the guests
were. Mme. Jusserand, ' wife of ■ the
French Embassador; Mrs. Wynne, wife
of the Postmaster General: Mrs. 1 Bates,
wife of General Bates; Mrs. Dalzell,
Mrs. Garrison McClintock, Miss Saurs
and others of official and . residential
prominence. . ■ » :
Mrs. Metcalf was assisted "in receiv
ing by Mrs. James Hooe and the Misses
Williams. Mrs. Metcalf will continue
to receive on Wednesdays.
CANFIELD NOW
IN LAW'S GRIP
NEW YORK, Dec. 7. — Richard A.
Canfield and David Bucklin, respect
ively^ proprietor and manager of what
is said to be the most exclusive gam
bling house in this country, were in
dicted by the Grand Jury to-day on
the charge of maintaining a gambling
house at 5 East Forty-fourth street.
They were then taken before Judge
Cumming and pleaded guilty to the
indictments.
Canfield's house is situated next
door to the city's most fashionable
restaurant and all his patronage came
the wealthiest men in the c}ty.
For years It was imnossible to obtain
evidence against him because only
people known personally to Canfleld
or 'Bucklin or vouched for by one of
the regular patrons of the house were
admitted.
District Attorney Jerome several
years ago began a determined effort
to secure the necessary evidence and
to this end he subpenaed Jesse Lew
isohn, a member of a prominent busi
ness firm, and called upon Lewisohn
to answer whether he had ever gam
bled In Canfleld's house. Lewisohn
refused to answer on the 'ground that
he w r as. not required, to give a reply
which. might tend .to incriminate or
degrade him. ..
.'.' : A'-- special . act was passed: by the
Legislature, to provide immunity, to
Witnesses who might testify .as'Lew
isohn had been asked to do... Still
Lewisohn declined to answer on the
ground that the special act was un
constitutional. He .fought the case to
the Court of * -neals. the highest In
the State, and recently that court
handed down a decision sustaining the
act and holding that Lewisohn should
testify. Shortly afterward it was giv
en out that Canfleld, In order to pro-
GENUINE BARGAIN TALK
JS" r LOOK ! Where else in tke world can you equalU ?''
«8Ha In a few $6.00 shoes, maybe, but if you understood the
l*i& shoe business as we do, you would Ipow that a man has
\lni to pay $6 00 for six-dollar shoes simply to enable tho
Ha reta-lcr to help the jobber to help the manufacturer to
Vggl help the leather-dealer to help the tanner
Bjffts. make his business pay.
/^If^i^ B y tne Re S al tannery-to-consumsr method
/ you-pay a lair price for first-class material
/ "^1111^ * nd first-d ass labor, but not one cent
/ for useless profits and commissions.
/ " V^isisy v And you secure for this fair price styles
/ / .rlS/ which are the fashionable standards of
A Iq i§§S/ the world, fit in quarter sires which can't
M&Si • '^» b; bettered even in made-to-order shoes
mW&S. >'G 1» «" d materials and workmanship which
»££§&, I : W have been proven best over and over again.
rcm&fik iQjM>A Regals are the only shoes sold at tho
MgffejfB&jl iS^^^^ one unvarying price of $3.30 everywher*
M&aSS&Bf&S,. *» £sk ' It>s not a m* tter of principle but of sys-
*^S tern — the Regal one-profit system which
\ brings to you at this remarkable price
i every virtue in shoe making.
x®», * tain No shoe mad8 by * ny m * ier wfll va
\*§S>v • longer or moro satisfactory wear than
sE] The "IONIC"
Styles H^^^^^-te^^j«. xhe last of the " Ionic" is tho stral«ht-
Each in Vra35SftS35» ?B^£^\ cst <ve desiffn, but is mads up from
233 fi'tines \&%Mi~iPBzffl&&23E&^ * combination of very graceful
ore on sale \&$&&2&&ffittM"VS!L line " conformlnff to correct con-
in REOAL servativ* style. Imported Patent
Stores Leather — soft and light, but
Sa very enduring. Fits without a
PRICE wrinkle. Ideal for the careful
ALWAYS dresser who demands custom
- - ■ -V "f appearance and fit ia footwear
$31? -swell as clothes.
Send for Style Book. Hail Orders promptly filled.
- Bold direct from tannery to consumer. Tho larrest retail shoe bnstaasw „
In the world. 60 stores In principal cities from Xiondon to San Trandaeo.
MEN'S STOKE C1U COAWfiCrn WOMEN'S STOKE
Cor. Geary and Stockton St«. 0Mn • nuiHilOUU Oor . Geary and Stockton St«.
Oakland Store, xoio Broadway.
tect those who' had visited his house,
would plead guilty. ?>-•»./
Canfield and -Bucklin were fined
$1000 each by Judge Cowing and re
leased. The recommendation for thl3
action was made by the District At
torney.. Both men paid the fines.
PRESIDENT MAY ATTEND
ROUGH RIDERS' REUNION"
Receives Invitation to Visit Louisville
in Case lie Takes Trip to
; V "'-,.- the South.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 7. — President
Roosevelt to-day received an Invita
tion to visit' Louisville, Ky., next
spring and he gave a conditional ac
ceptance. The President told his vis
itors that unless tX ere should be an
extraordinary session of Congress next
spring — a subject on which, he added,
his own mind was not quite clear — he
probably would go to San Antonio,
Tex., to attend the annual reunion of
his old regiment of Rough Riders. The
President said he expected to visit, on
Jiis way\,to;Sar»:Antonlo,!Roswell, Ga.,
which was the home of his mother. It
is, likely that other stops may be made
on the trip to Texaa. From San An
tonio the President may take a trip
into the mountains of Colorado to get
some hunting. The .hunting expedi
tion may consume two or three weeks.
Take care of thrj pennies and thereby
add to your holdings of copper stock.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
UNITED STATES BBAHCK
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE • i
CALEDONIAN INSURANCE
COMPANY
OF EDINBURGH. In the Kingdom of Great
Britain, on the 3Jst day of December. A.
D._ 1003, and for the year ending nn that day,
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of. sections do and 611 of the Political Cod;,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
ASSKTS.
Real Kstate owned by Company.. S433.1S7 13
Cash 'Market -Vain* of all Stocks •
and Bonds owned by Company.. 967,800 00
Cash in Company's Office 458 10
Cash in Banks..... lod.938 72
Interest due and accrued on «il
Stocks , and Loans 12.44.1 S3
Prerriv.ir.s In due Course of Col-
lection 12S.625 80.
Bills receivable. net Matured.
taken for Fire and Marine Rl»ks • 367 93
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already putd 623 ft4
Due from other Companies 3.908 61
Total Assets $1,734.333 31
LIABILITIES. "
Losses adjusted and unpaid.:,... $.11,941 4S
Lenses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 57.193 «2
losses resisted, incbidlnr expenses 6,421 C6
Gross premiums on Fire Rliks run-
nin«r en* year or less. $770.-
,«01 SI:- reinsurance BO per cent.. 3S3.40O 63
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- - ■
nln«r more than one year. $.S74.- ',
99122: reinsurance pro rata.... 4R2.44H 19
All other Inabilities. 23.ftl.lS5
Total Ltablltties .....' $992,722 08
INCOME. , .
Net cash actually received for
Fire .premiums :...'.!.. '...$1,068,871 14
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans. . and
from all other sources M.737 OO
P.ecelved for Rents 22.6WI 25
Total Income *1.124.7«4 r»
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount nuM.for fire Lnvse*
• (including Slot. 404 00, lcrses of
previous years)'.: :.. $55O,43» SO
Pa'd nr allowed for Commission or
Brokerare .' 24S.S38 S3
Paid for SalariM, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerk", etc.. . " 82.313 05
Paid for Btate. Nattonar and Local
taxes 83.300 M
All other payments and expendi-
; tures ...-...- B6.831 10
Total Expendlttipas $961,313 12
■', ' ■ / ~ririT~"
Losses incurred during th* yea,r.. $5«rt.8«8 67
Risks and Premiums. lFlr» Risks. ' Premiums.
Xet amount of' Rlfksl ' J
' written during . the) I
year .............. l$132.095.826$1.47e.897 «7
Net amount of-Rl*k»l - . I •
expired during; thel
year ..;[ 130.0M.72S! t. 443. 683 87
Net- amount In force! • ' I
December 31. 1003.. | l»7.0O«.72O| 1.643.792 S3
T~ ~ CHAS. TI. POST. IT. S. Mana»er.
N. A. -MrKKIl* Awlstant Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this
26th day of January. 1004.
H. ; E. FRANCK.
. Notary Public
THOS. J.CoipOY. '.llrtipr.'"-
BEO^W. BROOKS ;W. «awnr.:
PACIFIC . COAST - DEPARTMENT.
323 California Street
San Fraacisco.
Balfour, Guthrie I Co.. Pacific Coi it Oirictsri
AD\TEKTIS£MJ£>rrS.
There's Only One Way to
Get the Best of Whisky
And that Is to let It alone. If you try
any other way It will get the best ot
you. If you can't .let it alone you need
Dr. McKanna's treatment. Dr. McKan-
na cures the liquor habit by destroying
the desire for liquor and putting th«
system in Its natural condition, wher*
liquor is not needed to help the machin-
ery of the body to do Its work. Dr.
McKanna effects a complete cure in three)
days without the use of dangerous hy-
podermics, annoying: confinement or bad
after effects. Dr. McKanna's treatment
Is absolutely safe and cannot harm tha
most delicate coristitutlon. Why wasta
time and money in drinking whisky
when you can be cured of the liquor
habit In three days with no chance of
failure, no risk and no unpleasantness?
Think it over and call or write Dr. Mc-
Kanna for full information. Address 14
Geary street. San Francisco. Cal. Pnon*
1037 Main.
CARTERSl cimE SKK HEADACnE
B3rrri.E Genuino Must Bear
n LY£P Fao-Simile Signature
a PILLS. s7 ■ -* —
STATEMENT
. or the
CONDITION- AND AFFAIRS
ROGHESTERGERMAN
INSURANCE COMPANY
OP ROCHESTER. IX THE STATS OF NEW
York, on the 31st day or Deceaiber. A. D.
1903. and for the year ending on that day. as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State ot California, pursuant to the provlsiona
of sections 610 and till of. the Political Coda,
condensed as per blank furnished by th« Com-
missioner: *.;■ .
CAPITAI*
Amount of Capital Stock, paid us
in Cash $200,000 00
ASSETS.
Real <Estate owned by Company. . . $267,110 01
Loans en Bonds and Mortg-agos 333,317 10
Cash M.irk-t Value ct all Stocks
and Bonds Owned by Company.. 643.923 OO
Cash in Cbmpany's Office 1.81* •*•«>
Ca«h In Banks SOI, 294 OS
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans L T.1S7 SO
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages S.2S9 S3
Premiums la due Coarse . of Col-
lection 123.6153!)
Total Assets...:. $1,605,683 71
LIABILITIES. ~ "
Loams adjusted and unpaid $13,813 20
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense :. M.S.13 -1
Losses resisted. Including; expenses - ; 12.43(5 43
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning on* year ' or less. $733.*
899 13; reinsurance 50 per cent.. MS.949 0»
Gross premiunts on Fir* Risks run-
ning more than one year. $603,-
842 2S: reinsurance pro rata S8S.812 S3
Commissions and Brokerage du«
and to become due 543 34
Total Liabilities $333.0»4 04
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $4,029,978 27
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 17.381*7
Received for Interest and dividends
en Bond*. Stocks. Loans. - and
from all other sources 26.072 0O
Received for Kenta 13.681 S4
Total Income $1.CS6,991 73
EXPENDITURES. "~~~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (in-
cluding $71.207 27, losses of pre-
— vlous years) $t2S.»C5ft?
Dividends to Stockholders . . . .... 30.000 CO
Paid or allowed for Ccmmtaslon or
Brokerage joi t 129 (tl
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 10 513 M
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 28,4501*
AH oth»r payments and expendi-
tures 86.687 1*
Total Expenditure* $302,713 34
* ]rt re.
LOSSES Incurred during the year. ..$122,330 33
Risks and Premiums, j Fire Risks' PremTumsT'
Net amount of Risks!
written during: thej
*•*' $ll0.«29.240 $1,477.400 28
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
y« ar 95.363.908 1.23S.196M
Net amount in force
December 31. 1803.. 117.606.438 1.427.740 46
FREDERICK COOK. President. '""
" . ' H. F. ATWOOD. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 234
day of January. 10O4.
EDWARD H. GEHRKE. Notary Public.
THOS, J.-COflRQY, Manager.
vBEO. W. BROOKS, /sst. Manager.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT;.
323 California Street
8ai| Trancisco.
Balfour, Gulhrie & Ca., Pacific Coast Directors
' . .' '. " :
WEEKLY CALL, $1.00 PSS TXJLR,EARNEST DEBATES
MARK PROCEEDINGS
OF FRUIT GROWERS
Railroad Service Discussed
♦
Passage of an Act Making It Unlawful
to Give Rebates Is Favored.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
SAN JOSE, Dec. 7.— There was an in
creased attendance at the State fruit
Growers' convention to-day, and a lit
tle spice was added to the proceedings
by a wrangle over the report of the
transportation committee. Immediate
ly after the convention had .been called
to order the delegates passed a vote of
thanks to the ladies of the San Jose
Grange for the reception and entertain
ment tendered them last evening.
Alden Anderson, Lieutenant Gov
ernor of California, read a report of the
operations of the California Fruit Dis
tributors' Association. It was in part
&8 follows:
Retarding th« past season and the shipment
of freeh Deciduous Fruits. I regret to say that
it fca* not been a propitious one, principally
because of adverse climatic conditions. This
Is particularly true of peaches, there being
•hipped thin year only 559 cars, as against IMi
cars la*t year.
The quality of the peaches that were had
tr.it year was not up to the usual standard
and the consequence was that many places
turned their attention to the peach growing
districts in the south for their supplies and
the ecarcity of peaches here for shipment re
sulted also in a curtailed outlet in outside
markets for other varieties of fruit that
would have, gone in the cars, of which peaches
would have been the chief assortment.
CHERRIES. — The crop of cherries was prac
tically about the- same as . last year. When
the season was well under way a very heavy
north wind bruised the fruit remaining- en the
trees to that the rest of the shipments did not
realize the prices that the market conditions
and the quantity of supplies -would have Justi
fied.
APRICOTS. — Owins to the marked rhortage
of thin variety of fruit in the early shipping
districts there were only shipped «7 cars, as
tpe'.r.-t 241 cars la*t year. Prices were satis
factory for those shipped.
PLUMS A.VU PRLXES. — There were fchip-
I- ■: 10G3 car:;, as against 1145 cars last year.
On thf whole, returns for this variety cf fruit
were satisfactory.
PEARS. — The total number of cars shipped
was considerable in excess of that of last sea.
f< n and the excess was wholly in Bartlett
team, fall and winter varieties beine about
\hf same quantity as last year. There was
more competition in this variety of fruit than
has besn the case for a number of years, and
th» bulk of them was shipped at a time when
th*re were heavy supplies of southern fruits.
The markets became demoralized and returns
fies«ral!y were not cood or satisfactory. How
«"\*-r. th»> greater quantity of this fruit was
purchased by shirpers ar.d the loss did not fail
upon the crow*rs.
GRAPES. — There were shipped 1431 cars of
irrapes. as sgrair.st 1SO4 cars last season. The
unusual and excessive rains cf September were
responsible for a thrirkage in the total volume
Of cra:><? shipments that would have been
rr.ad* of SOO or 900 cars, and seriously affect
ed tn«> prices received for all the grapes ship
ped E.fter i he heavy storms, as the berries ab
sorbed s<» much moisture that when they were
packed in cars for shipment they developed
much decay.
SHIPMENTS OF FRUIT.
• Tlie following statement of shipments, bf
rinning May V, and ending November 26. 10O*.
cives in actual flcures eome 90 per cent of
the- shipments and estimates of. the balance
as gathered for statistical purposes and same
is correct within a very lev: carloads of all
varieit**:
• Cars.
Cherries 203
A|Ti<-cts ftT |
Peaches ....,...- .. 359 i
Pliirrs end r«runes •* -T.. ... .105.1
IVars -/: :v.\ ■» .-21WI
Anrles lall shipments not lnclud«d> 43
Kir*, nectarines, quinces, etc 2S
Gratis *.: • * • *.:.... 1451
Total 5626
HAILROAD TIME.— The time given by the
transportation companies up to" the point
where harpenpd unusual and bed washouts
oa the southern routes and occurred the ex
cursions of the Knight" Templars and Odd
ADVEKTISEaiEyTS.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION* AND AFFAIRS
STAililE
INSURANCE COMPANY
(LIMITED)
OF LIVERPOOL. IN* ENGLAND. ON THE
Hat day of December. A. D. 1903. and
for th* year rnd!r.B on that day, a* made to
thf Insurance Commissioner of the State of
California, I'urruant to the ■ provisions of sec-
tions C10 and Gil of the Political Code, con-
£«>n*ed *m r*r blank furnished by the Commis-
sioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount cf Capital Stock, paid up
ln Otah $500,000 00
ASSETS. "
Caen Market Va.lue of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. .$1 352,205 00
Caen ln Banks 251.748 00
IrtterrM due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loan* 16,692 00
rremJuaiB in due Course cf Col-
lection 201,112 W
Billc recelvab^, not Matured.
taken for Fire and Marine
RlEks 2.&07 00
ToUl assets S1.S64.2&1 no
LIABILITIES.
L<)i"ses «<Uufted and unpaid
Loste* ln process of Adjustment
or ln Susrxr.ne $132,400 00
I>-*s«« r»BlotP<l. includlnir ex-
■■t'.r r- •■•
Gro»s premiums en Marine and
Inland Navigation Itlfks; rein- j
earanr* 100 rwr cent f- 139.740 00
Grof* premlutn? on Marine Time
IU* k»; rrlnnurance 60 per cent. J
Due and accrued for iralariea,
r»ntf. advertlrlns end for other
ml«cfllaneous expanses 128.473 00
i ;
ToUl liabilities $400,613 f»
JCd caxh actitiillT- received . for
ftlarirm premiums $519.776 00
Heceivrd for lntor«»t and dlri-.,.. „
<1cn<J* on Bond*, tstocksi. Loans, ,
ar,d frcm all other sources 47.963 00
ToUl Jnomne $597,739 00
EXPHNDITURES! ~~~
tin amount i*ld for Marine - i
L«»e# $477.377 00
Dividends to KtockhoMer« S7.5O0 00
Paid tcr SalartP*. F«-^s. and other :
c-hanre* for offlrcri.. rlork». etc.. 44,107 11 I
Paid for State, National and Lo- I
cal taxes 5 4 « c gg
Totil expcr.d!ture« S61 4,501 00
. , Marine.
Lcsses Incurred <!urinjt th« year. . . J47O.SO2 00
lilt^y and Premiumg. Marine Risk*. | Premium*.
Xet amoant of RlFkri |
written durlnc the! :
mr i $07,801,925 $537,002 00
Net amount of Itlrt*|
expired during th^|
year . j C5,0C7,2% K»3,3S2 00
Net amount In f.'ircf | i
l>ecemt«r 31. V.KT...I 11.24C.200; 133,740 00
JOHN WILLIAMSON President
r- JOHN GICK. Secretary.
HubJici-ibe-d and *worn before me, this 23d
day of .February. VJ04. . .
W. J. SULIS *
Deputy Consul of V. P. at Liverpool.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT
J. 0. SPBECKELS & BROS. CO., Gsn Agts.
J. B. F. DAVIS & : 0 J , Managers.
215 Sansopie St., San Francisco
Telephone Private: E^cch. Ko. 6S.
Seattle (Wub.) Office. Coleraan Building.
I Fellows to San Frencisco was better than last
[ season. After, the incidents above mentioned
I s'erv'oa was about on a par with that of last
j Mason.
This year only five new cities .were added
{ to th» Urt <>f carload distributing .points and
i no greater prcgresg was made In that direction
! on account of lack of "variety of assortment
j for the loading out of suitable cars for the
i t-iraller cities.
Mr. Anderson also read a paper on
"Widening of Our Fresh Fruit Market."
It treated of the shipping- of fruit and
j the control o^ shipments so that there
v.ould be no glutting of the markets in
the East-' - •
! PRIVATE OWNERSHIP OF CARS.
I The report of the committee on trans
| portation, .._. read by R. D. Stephens,
chairman, then came up. It declared
that private ownership and control of
refrigerator cars used for the ship
ments of California fruit was Inimical
to the interest of the fruit growers and
shippers, as affording an opportunity
for discrimination and favoritism. It
was asserted that all cars should be
owned by the railroads and all shippers
should have equal facilities and be
upon equal terms. The report protested
against the, renewal of contracts with
refrigerator 'car lines, objected to the
private ownership of refrigerator cars,
declared that the growers who are not ,
engaged in shipping are opposed to the .
private ownership of the cars and be
lieve the time, has come when they
should be relieved of paying heavy
tribute to this, the worst of all monop
olies. The report added that refrigera
tion had done more to retard the pro
gress and prosperity of the State than
all other things combined, for the rea
son that it possesses the power to al
most wholly, if not quite, control the
marketing of California's fruit pro
ducts. Stephens referred at length to
the train service of the fjuit trains, and ;
! said the adoption of a reasonably fast j
I and regular time schedule in the trans- j
I portation of our fresh fruit shipments I
is second only to the elimination of all
private car lines from the business.
As soon as Stephens had finished
reading the report Alden Anderson
arose and demanded to know who ap
pointed the transportation committee.
President Cooper stated -that the
committee was appointed at the last
meeting and stated that Mr. Anderson
was also a member of the committee.
Anderson then demanded the privilege
of filing a minority report, which he
did. The minority report was in the
form of a resolution "that the conven
tion reiterate everything that we have
ever said or done in the way of de
manding satisfactory service for fruit
by the railroads, and that It directs its
representatives in Congress to urge the
passage of an act amending the Inter
state bill making it unlawful to give re
bate in any way, or manner." .■■. ■ .:
DISCUSSION*' IS ' rrETKRRED.
A dozen members sprang to their feet
to join in the discussion, but President
Cooper said that all discussion would
tie deferred until aftef 'afl the. papers
had been" read.
A paper on "Cured Fruit Marketing
at Home and Abroad" was then read
by F. W. Crandall of Soroste.
Paul Shoup, the district agent of the
Southern Pacific, . read a . paper on
"Fruit Transportation," in which he
showed the cost and expense of carry
ing the cars.
General S. P. Denison of Covina, on
invitation from the convention, ad
dressed the delegates on "The South
ern California Fruit Exchanges."
Discussion of the reports of the com
mittee on transportation was then
taken up. and after some wrangling
both reports w-ere referred back to the
original committee, to report In the
afternoon.
At the afternoon session A. R. Sprague,
chairman of the committee of fifteen
appointed to devise a way of providing
a market for the fruit, read his report.
It recommended the forming of local
associations of growers and the selling
of their product through a central
agency, and also a plan for advertis
ing the fruit abroad. - -
A resolution was introduced by G. W.
Henning to the effect that the rate of
20 cents per 100 pounds on fruit in bags
was the cause of the declining trade
and excluded Eastern buyers in the lo
cal market. It further requested the
Transportation Traffic Association to
equalize the rate on dried fruit so that
Eastern buyers will be on an equal
footing with local buyers. The resolu
tion was referred to the resolutions
committee.
-MANAGER SPROULE IS IIEARD.
The committee appointed at the last
meeting to consider the paper, "Taxa
tion in California," by John Touhy, re
ported. The present system of taxa
tion in California, according to the re
port, bears oppressively, on realty and
is criminally light on personal prop
erty. A. revision of the present sys
tem was recommended. The report
favored the appointment of a non
partisan Tax Commission by the next
Legislature to arrange a scientific and
equitable system of taxation.
"The Benefits of Organization" was
the subject of a paper read by F. H.
Babb of San Jose. A. T. J Reynolds
presented a paper on "Why Farmers
Should Support the Growers' Co-oper
ative Agency." A. R. Sprague read a
paper on "Agricultural Organization"
and C. D. Harvey one on "Stumbling
Blocks in the Way of Co-operation."
The committee to .whom was re
ferred the majority and minority re
ports of the committee on transporta
tion reported. A . long discussion was
started on the adoption of the two-re
ports. While it was at its height W.
A. Sproule, general traffic manager of
thr: Southern Pacific, asked permission
to speak. He said it would require
$s.000,000 to equip the Southern Pa
cific, with a full supply of refrigerator
cars. It was cheaper for the com
pany to rent the cars from the Ar
mour Company, which it did, than
build- them, as most-of the year. the
cars stand idle. For half an hour
Sproule stood on the platform and an
swered questions. The lateness of the
hcur shut off the debate. On a vote
being taken Anderson's minority re
port was adopted by a vote of 67 to 9.
There is but little difference in the
two reports. The denunciation of the
refrigerator companies is, eliminated
In the report adopted, but otherwise
it follows Stephens' report and de
mands an amendment of the Interstate
law so as to prohibit rebates.
ORANGE CROP IS LIGHT.
Ilci>ortM lYom Southern California
Districts Show: « Falling Off.
RIVERSIDE. Dec. 7.— The Press
to-night publishes * estimates on the
Southern _ California • orange : crop.
These show, a falling off of from 10
to 40 per cent in the several districts.
The total output is estimated at 21,000
THE SAN FRANCISCO j CALL; - DECEJiBER : 8. 1904.'
MUSIC THAT WILL
CHARM YOU IN
THIS MERRY PLAY
' MISS GEORGIA BRYTONV POPULAR
COMEDIENNE. WHO IS SINGING
IN "4 CHINESE HONEYMOON."
"A Chinese Honeymoon" will be the
attraction at the Columbia Theater for
one week, commencing next Sunday
night. The American rights for this
Oriental comedy are. controlled by
Sam S. Shuberi, and among the many
musical comedies produced in recent
years none has earned greater popu
larity. Its superior merit in book, mu
s5c and mounting were so manifest
when it was staged in London nearly
three years ago that it was started on
a career of prosperity which has not
ended. yet. ...
The enst includes John L. Kearney,
whose ability as a comedian makes
him a valuable factor in any produc
tion in which he assists; Robinson
Newbold, Albert Froom, George Brod
erick, Joseph E. Miller, Miss Georgia
Bryton, Miss Mabella Baker, Miss
Reglna McAvoy, Miss Winnie Carter,
Miss Helen Latten and Miss Eveleen
Dunmore. . .
Miss Bryton. the clever comedienne
of the- company, has made a great, hit
wherever she has played as the little
English "slavey," whose adventures in
China furnish much of the humor cf
the piece. ."-., > ■ . \-.
Patient Escapes From Hospital.
Henry Kleen, a grocer at Sixteenth
and Folsom streets, escaped from the
French Hospital yesterday, where he
had been a patient for the last sev
eral days, suffering, from a goitre. Lat
er on he was found lying in an un
conscious condition at the corner cf
Eddy and Devisadero streets. He
was taken back to the hospital.
California Calendars - for 1905.
California poppy, .polnsettia, Chinese
arid redwood calendars. All new — best
ever — ready for mailing. Sanborn. Vail
& Co., 741 Market street. • -
cars of oranges and 3100 cars of
lemons, as compared with 25,021 cars
of oranges and- 2878 cars- of lemons
last season. -
-The districts . that • will ship .more
than 1000 carloads .are:" Riverside,
4 S00; Redlands, 2700; Ontario and
Cucamonga," 1800; '.Pomona, 1500;'
Highland, 1150; Asuzaarid" Glendora,
1000, and Vina, 1000."
Riverside County will ship 950 cars
of lemons; San Bernardino.' County,
750 cars; Los Angeles '. County, 750
ears., and Ventura. County, 100 cars.
All the reports agree- that the fruit is
fully a month earlier than- usual. . .
ADVERTISEMENTS. ,
SIDEBOARD—Solid : oik, -golden • finish.' Has. 3 y - * TWO-PIECE BEDROOM SUIT— Golden finish.
drawers and 2 cupboards. 1 Top decorated with ■ vWood^ selected* for its beautiful grain. Massive; in
bevel French plate 'mirror.'* A"n' exceptionally artis- -design/artistically carved and highly polished,
tic design. A credit to any dining- « 1 TV f7. C Dresser has shaped top and bevel C^O C(\
room. Price . . : . . ■;.. .'. :..::\:. . . V.'.y.* .^.1 Vily .' French plate mirror. Price. ... ...•..•■ T^U < jy;
appeal to the artistic iv^^B^^llpJf H'y^S following items will
VELVETS — A'grood grade In Oriental and floral' AP?^ AXMIWSTE«— Fine" deep pile. Floral. Orlen- tf« + <• p
designs. Soft and- luxurious to the tread. Per VjC" -tal and Persian - effects. An. excellent -J^ I # | "J
yard . . ......... ...... ... ......... .....:. . .. grade.; Per, yird ..... . . .... . . V. . . • . '• T * -
SOOT BanSffBLS— Choice dpsleni This " CASHMEBE BUO-^Reversible; Dxl2^ large enough for
BODTBBIJSBEiS—cnoice designs. This / the average room; comes ■ in Oriental ap>
good old-, weave;, is; too.; well known to \1 . J /A v and tioral designs. VVVUl give years of \M/S
need description. Per yard. .......... -T 1 ?, 1 .^ satisfactory service.". - Price K.>irr. .".... ' : . : -T* ,"r~
845-259 €IHHY 31* WM ?HE S®,H^§HS
. _._:_._':__■' j'_ _.':.- MVSlCAJ ? .0.'..':. . _ : :.-..--
= WHEELOCK^STUYVESANT
QlilDDEW—BefrrUar ........ .....J5;2.">O.t3r A* j. j. ' '£+ a A V"« j. I *'*''' ' C^^
Very fine low-priced piano, cabinet- HjlVP '■ ItAT' TA f-A 7|¥ A"TI\7 I A5kt I sr ""T»^SAWT— B«nUr *4OO
grand— double vnoered mahogany & JLCt V VaUI lU VlU Cll Jr\llY W\Jt3t • This make nlso belongs In the Weber
case— ivory keys — light- repeating * *~ ■*■■■; — •: - 1/ . - Une. Is very fine.
action — all modern Improvements. * '•'•'"'*•' '■'-■ ■■ ■'"' '- : * * *• SAIE PHICE $^06
SAI.EP3ICE ■...-;. sioo (. Must be disposed of within a week, «■ , , , liaHLJJim ,.j.j
'T^^W^^^p^^ and if the prices and term's here made y^l^^^Jfppffl
; ,^ don't 'move them, then they are im- |i^lw^^ii®]y||
I l^lib^— — Pxtr^^ movable. Considering the high class j^^^s^ss^g^^Sffi'
i y^ ?5ggg5^^^. m^,. 5ag a^j ■ pianos they are, no such bargains have
Wr- , '■""■' ft' |"".- | W ever before been offered on this coast,
i^~~lL>--—^ ur new ne pf.PJ.anos'.to.take the place ===^^s^^ =:^p^^'
y*-^- •■■ ■ \ • ;: of the -Wetfer'' agency' have been bought, ■ - : -^ pfc^^
**£&£?&?&.■ ?Mi ™ 8^? 0 shippedand on the way, and we .have neither gj. 1 "*.^ x£"Zl
™f'!™££$Flo!SB!3%?VX; room nor- time to-spare— hence this sacrifice. %g3? T i 'i3r T xa&S«£S t . xFttl
and will last for years. jJ • •' i' • • ■-.- •. * ' ;- •'. . ■ /-. .'■ ■ '. • %.\ > "Weber
SAI.EPBICE.. ............S165 . ' C,| ' u^J^JjU' "" Is^ . SAiE 7BZCE S2SO
j|i||r >4 -pi This is one of Weber's celebrated "art" styles— "Louis the WCTEB STTXE 1— Begmlar S.ir>0
rTr . T . T , TtT , T? , f ' a^ ■ i 4 th"-and ye believe it to be the handsomest and finest piano ™Z 0^ tl £ 1 e Sl*w*&u™£?&
"SCHAEPPEB"— Bear... S3 75 to SHOO for sale in this city. .We would like to quote the price here that had at this sale for $387. and If any
. Ac^n^l^/SeSln^KS^lSa Would take it, but its^reat reputation, beauty and worth sug- dealer in this city will show there is
very durable. . . gest that we withhold from publication • its cost, or sale price — agree to ship the rest of these
SALE PBXCE ...S22S to 8287 but come and see. ' -'■ Webers to Portland and sell them.
We jio longer for these beautiful instruments hold the agency, which has gone to join the
"Pianola" in the house of another; and we are determined to dispose of what is left ot the
Weber line within a week if it is POSSIBLE, and we think at the prices we here quote that it is
not only possible, but more than probable, to move every piano out of here within a week. We
shall certainly do our part, and allow no thought of profit to interfere.
We have but about thirty of these—all perfect, fresh and brand new — most of which have not
been out of the box thirty days.
Will make terms of payment on the few costly ones— exceeding $300— $50 down,. and Sl>
per month; and on all others costing us less than $300, we'll make it $2> down, and $10 a month.
Will deliver in the city free of charge. Factory guarantee accompanies each instrument sold.
-Open day and eyening at 126 Geary Street, opposite the City of P'aris drygoods store. J &.
r I " GLARK WISEr <Sb CO. A. A. FISHER, Monager. *
THREE BANKERS
UNDER ARREST
BUFFALO, Dec. 7.— Former Presi
dent Emery,- Cashier Paul^ Werner and
Assistant Cashier William P. Ludakc
of the German Bank, -which was closed
by the officials several days ago, have
been arrested on-a;charge of grand
larceny.
The warrants- of arrest were issued
on the application of'E. M. Block, a
pawnbroker of this city. Block charges
that a New York draft which he bought
at the German Bank ten. or fifteen
minutes ' before it closed' on Monday,
giving a check therefor, has been re-
turned, marked "No funds." He says
he has since learned that the German
Bank had withdrawn all Its funds
from the New York bank on Saturday
last. ■ •
Emery, Warner and Ludake were
held for a hearing to-morrow. Warner
and Ludake declared the German Bank
had to its credit In the New York bank
funds in excess of $100,000. The refusal
to pay the draft, they say ,, was due to
the fact that when State Banking Su
perintendent Kilburn took charge of
the bank he- immediately -telegraphed
all banks In which the German Bank
had deposits, instructing them not to
pay out any more money on account of
the German Bank. .
State Superintendent of Banking Kil
burn has Issued a statement, In which
he announced that two trust companies
of Buffalo have offered to act as re
ceiver for the German Bank upon
terms which he regards as very ,ad
vantageous to the depositors.
A censed of Robbing Hotel.
Edwin La Pierre, a bellboy at the
Langham Hotel, was arrested last
night by Detective Taylor and
charged at the City Prison with petty
UNITED STATES BRANCH
STATEMENT
OP THE
■CONDITIOX AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
PHOENIX
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF LONDON, ENGLAND.
(LIMITED)
OX the 31st day of December. A. D. 1903.
and for the year ending: on that day. aa
made to the Insurance Commissioner of ths
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of Sections 61O and 611 ot the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
:•' - ~ r i-- ASSETS. TV - •
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
. and Bonds owned by Company. .$2,490, 310 00
Cash In Company!* Office 173 44
Cash ln Banks 308.863 33
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 32,106 00
Premiums ln due Course of Collec-
tion , 137.210 03
Due from other Companies for re-
insurance on losses already paid. 2.64S IS
Total Assets .$2.973.911 95
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $66,451 00
Losses In process of Adjustment or
ln Suspense 152.180 92
Losses resisted. Including expenses 22,979 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $1,945.-
432, 10; reinsurance 60 per cent. 972,716 04
Gross' premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $1,687.-
246 10;' reinsurance pro rata 85S.S95 17
Reinsurance Premiums 41,814 29
All other Liabilities 3.404 60
Total Liabilities ............ .$2.113.4U 02
. IXCOMB.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums '. $2,470.18174
Received for Interest and dividends
• on Bonds. -Stocks. Loans and
from all other sources 81,806 85
Profit on sale of Ledger Assets... 16,817 45
Total Income $2.&68.S06 04
EXPENDITURES. ;
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including- $475,028 95. losses of
previous years) - ;$1, 465,334 48
Paid or allowed for Commission or
-Brokerage .....;.:.• 492,630 92
Pat.l for . Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 166,378 81
Paid -for State. National and Local
taxes 74.406 52
All other payments and expendi-
tures 372.733 ~3
Total Expenditures '.. $2,571,434 60
Fire. —
Lessen . Incurred during the year. ..$1,395,182
Risks and Premiums. I Fire Risks. I Premiums.
Net amount of* Risks .
written during* the
year $306.S81.4S7'$3,8S5,189 97
Net amount of Risks
expired- during the
year 415,347,914 4.2J2.31S 33
Net amount Sn force
December 31. 1003. 312.841.443 3.632.873 20
A. D. IRVING. UnHed States Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this
2Gth day of January. 1904.
GEO. O: RUGER, Notary Public.
/pacific coast department.
200 PiNE ST., - - Sao Francisco, (a).
W. !RY|N6, Gsneral /gent.
R. GALLE60S, Asst. General /g?nt.
ALBERT M. BEHDER, City Agent.
317 California St., Sam Fraacisco, CaJ..
larceny. ' Upon searching La Pierre's
room Taylor found a kodak and some
knives and forks belonging to the ho
tel. There were also found knives and
forks with the mark of the St. Fran
cis Hotel on them.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
PELic aTTVssijrance
COMPANY
SSSSS-" per bIank toSSJS'SigS;
CAPITAL.
f« U^\ Ot Capital Stock, paid up
' m C " sh $200.000 00
' ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of «ll stocks
and Loans ' 4 ~, t o^
t'^n 13111 ' ln dU * Cours * of CbYlecl
Due from' other 'compan'les' for Re*- 23>40 ° U
insurance on losses already paid.. 2 73
Total Assets $453,329 70
LIABILITIES. =====
Losses ad jasted and unpaid ■ «ia\i«i
Losses m orocess of Adjustment or
In e>uspens« ., ,,. .„
Losses resisted. Including; expenses.. 500 CO
Grtes Premiums on Fire Risks run-
.. nlnjt on •> year or less, $232 067 10-
reinsurance 50 per cent .' 118.483 53
Grcss Premiums on Fire Risks run- "°** 5S M
. nlns; more than one year $97 -
311 65; reinsurance pro rata.. utji 4.1
All other Liabilities ...."..''I.:: »!m« S
Total Liabilities S2Q4.6C 94
INCOME. "-^
Net cash actually received for Fire
- Premiums .: jjgj) jgg p 2
Received for Interest and dividends "
on Bonds. Stocks, loans and from
• all other sources 12.744 84
.. Total Income $252,330 5«
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including: $23,898 17. losses «f
previous years) $110,527 31
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage- 72. 4(53 47
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 24,783 31
Paid for State, National and Local
Taxes 9.1A5 71
AH other payments and expenditures l.i.nru 01
* «*_.'■- ,
Total Expenditures $262,375 90
IFire?
Losses Incurred during the year $143.704 K
RI<ks 'and Premiums.! Fire Risks. .Premiums.
Xet amount of Risks' •
- written during the
year $34,924,573 $-103,900 07
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
yrar 29.732.218 339. 6M «
Net araount in force
December 31. 1903 31.236.S56 330.278 63
' a! d! IRVIN'Q. President!
LOITIS P. BAYARD. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. thii
' 27th Jay ot January. lf!O4.
GEO. O. RUGER. Notary Public.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.
200 PINE STREET,
SAX FRANCISCO, CAL.
W. IRYING. General Agent. .
1 R. G ALLEGE, Asshlant General Agent.
ALBERT H. BENDER. City Agent.
317 CALIFORNIA St., San / F^£ C|9CO '
56
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
WANTS CHIEF
TO PROSECUTE
Police Commissioner 3IcElroy
Says Board Can Compel Is
suance of the Complaints
WOULD END DEADLOCK
Charges Affainst Patrolman
Sill Taken Up — Success
ful Candidates Are Named
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1016 Broadway. Dec. 7.
' J. E. MrElroy, president of the Board
of Police and Fire Commissioners, has
decided that the board has authority
to direct Chief of Police Hodgkins to
rwear to complaints against the four
policemen— former Sergeant C. E. i
Clark and Patrolmen J. F. Stahl, C. :
W. Hamerton and L. E. Andrews— who
were dismissed from the department ,
for pilfering in merchants' stores.
President McElroy will present the ;
matter to the board on Friday by of- ,
leringr ■ resolution to order the Chief
to swear to the complaints charging
burglary. The complaints are await
ing signature by eome person qualified '
to make the necessary affidavit.
Charges against Policeman J. F. Sill
wtre taken up this afternoon by the
board, Commissioner Turner being ab
sent. Policeman M. J. Shannon testi
fied he had seen Sill and former Ser
ceant C'ark leaving Becker's market on
"Washington street each with a bundle
trader his rain coat one morning last
February. Clark, whom Shannon fol
lowed, w Piked up Washingrton street
and stepped in the doorway of the
l'leasanton Hotel at Fourteenth and
Was=hinRton streets. Shannon called
Epecial Policeman N. N. Goodwin, who ,
r.ent to the hallway after Clark had
left and found a ham hidden in the
entrance way.
William Dunlap, a driver in the Oak
land Fire Department, testified he saw
Fill walk by the Sixth-street engine
house at 1:30 o'clock in a morning in
September earning a side of bacon.
Lottie Kelly, who formerly lived at
Golden Gate, later at the Victoria
H^use. Seventh and Clay streets, filed
en affidavit with the board accusing
S'.U of talking to her improperly.
The investigation will be resumed
on Friday afternoon.
Seventeen of the thirty-eight appli
cants who took the examination for
places on the eligible list in the Police
Department made the requisite 70 per
o«nt or more. The successful candi
dates for appointment and their per
cent&scs are as follows:
W. F. Woods. 93.15: Milton Emigh. P6.T5;
George I-. I'nderwood, S3.U5: George D. Pow
er* KU5. Charles F. T. Jorgensen. 62.15; Al
fred F. McCarthy. 82.02; Alfred M. Poalter.
***.<»• Charlff A Jackson, "0.1; Thomas A.
Flaherty. V&.LTi; E. W. Brock. 77.b; A. P.
Bfinhardt. 77. 8; John £. Dufton. 75.6; Thomas
A. Boyle. 75.45; John H. Nedderman, 75.05;
Oi.rp. L Ii i.in 74. 5; James J. Fenton. 71.9;
'Edmund Pet-hart.' 7»8.
* The board will select men from this
list to fill vacancies in the regular or
extra lists in the department.
SWITCHMAN CHARGED
WITH ROBBING CARS
"Detectives Aixest diaries Keith at
Wea Oakland on a Warrant Tele
eraphed From Portland,
OAKLAND. Dec. 7. — Charles Keith,
a Southern Pacific Company switch
ir.an. was arrested this afternoon at
Eighth and Chester streets by Detec
tives Holland and Shorey on a warrant
telegraphed from Portland. Or,,
cliareTing Keith with grand larceny.
The accusation is made by the North
ern Pacific Terminal Company of
Portland. Information in the hands
of the police is to the effect that Keith
Is wanted for alleged complicity in
the plundering of freight cars and
warehouses on the Northern Pacific
Kail road.
Keith professed ignorance concern
ing the charge and told the detectives
that he had intended to return to
Fortland voluntarily this month. The
police learned that he had been work
ing at the West Oakland railroad
yards for a week. _
WILL ENTERTAIN VISITING
BRETHREN FROM SAN JOSE
Oakland Cominandery. Knights Tem
plar, to Banquet Guests From
the Garden City.
OAKLAND, Dec. 8. — The members of
Ean Jose Commandery, Knights Tem
plar, will visit Oakland on Saturday
evening, December 10, and will remain
here during the following day as the
guests of Oakland Commander}-. The
visiting Knights wifl arrive at Broad
way and Fir6t street at 6:30 p. m. and
■will be escorted to Masonic Temple,
•where a banquet will be given- In their
honor.
On Sunday the visitors will be
shown the various points of Interest
in and about this city. The reception
to the San Jose commander} 1 is to be
given as a return for the courtesies ex
tended to the local Knights during a
v'sit to the Garden City on November
12 of this year.
Gas Workers Give BalL
OAKLAND. Dec. 7. — The local Gas
Workers' Union gave Its first annual
ball this evening at Foresters' Hall
and the affair was a complete success.
The members of the committees in
charge were: Arrangements — John
Forrest (chairman), M. N. Hennings.
J. McXeil. J. McCrudden, W. Blakely.
George Webster and H. O. Merithew;
reception — John Forrest, D. P. Mc-
Carthy. John Kearney, William Brlt
ton, Thomas Le Fort, Louis Hoffman
Jr. and H. O. Merithew; floor — J. C.
McCruflden <floor manager), J. Mc-
Neil (assistant), M. X. Hennings, W.
Biakely. George Webster, M. McKelr
nan and J. J. O'Bryne.
Old nekldeiit of liaynards Dead.
OAKLAND. Dec. 7. — Peter Zam
bresky, who for many years had re-
Fided in Haywards, died last night at
the family residence on Castro street
after a brief illness. He leaves a wife
siid two sons, Frank H. and W. B.
Zambresky. The latter is a deputy In
the cfllco of County Clerk J. P. Cook.
The funeral will be held at 10 a. m.
Frldcy from the Catholic church. The
services will be conducted by the Rev.
Father Lally. The following will act
as pallbearers: John Pann. William
Blnkerritz. Thomas Miller. Henry Har
rlt=. John Walbert and Frank Plmen-
MERCHANT HELIi VOR TRIAL.— Oakland.
i>c. T. — K. Sjwrrw. a hardware dealer ««i
hfrl.J for trltl on a charge of receiving stolen
ruod* by Pollr* Swlge Mortimer Smith to-
Any. honrtu \*it\% tixr-4 at S2O00. Sparber 1«
•c»-«jfc<l bj- C I). Schumacher, who confessed
to shrftF of har*!f.arr from Ibe Dunham, C«x
ri«*n & Haj-den Company, San Francisco.
POLICE FEEL SURE
OF KINIRY CASE
Prisoner's Confessions Are
of Vital Importance.
Belief That Evidence Will Be, Complete
Oakland Office San Francisco Call
1016 Broad\va$. Dec. 7.
David Kiniry has made admissions
to the police that directly connect him
with the tragic killing of Policeman
James H. Smith. Not only does the
prisoner tell the police that he was
present at the shooting, but he has
confessed that Frank Goldstein, his
companion, and himself were bent on
burglary at the time they were accost
ed by the patrolman at Fourteenth
and Jackson streets. More than that
Kiniry has said enough to convince
the police that Goldstein and himself
had selected the residence of Julius
Abrahamson at Fourteenth and Madi
son streets to plunder that night. The
encounter with Smith blocked that
robbery.
Kiniry has said that he had selected
a big white house a block from where
the shooting occurred. The burglars
had been watching the place, but had
not attempted to enter because the oc
cupants had not gone downstairs to
supper. When they met the police
man Kiniry and Goldstein were walk
ing around the block to pass away the
time until ttiey should be. positive the
upper part of the residence they in
tended to enter was unoccupied.
KIMRY A CLIMBER.
Kiniry never committed burglaries
in the ordinary way of forcing doors
or windows within easy reach. His
specialty, "porch climbing" in police
parlance, called him to gain entrance
by way of upper floors.- It was in this
manner he had intended tp*- get into
the Abrahamson place w*n*en the coast
should seem clear for operations.
Still more have the police gained
from their frequent conversations
with the clever criminal. He has con
fessed that Goldstein and himself
committed the bruglary at the resi-
TRIAL JUDGE
BARS WOMEN
Epecial Diepatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Dec. 7.— Eleven jurors
had been sworn in at the trial of "Nan"
Patterson for the murder of Caesar
Young at the close of to-day's session
of the criminal branch of the Supreme
Court.- >
Of the 200 talesmen ninety-five had
been examined, and so many others
had been excused for various reasons
that only a score remained from whom
to draw the last Juror.
Instructions were issued to-day by
Justice Davis that no women shall be
admitted to the courtroom during the
tiial. !>:■£
Among the many stories in connec
tion with the case which have gained
general circulation Is one to the effect
that the defense may rest on the evi
dence submitted by the prosecution.
Miss Patterson has expressed a strong
desire to be at her father's home In
Washington for Christmas it is said,
and is willing to take chances to gain
that end. If the trial progress rap
idly 'the defense may call some wit
nesses, but even that is not certain. In
any event everything possible will be
done to get a verdict before Christmas
day.
Another rumor is that arrangements
have been completed assuring the ap
pearance durins the -trial of J. Morgan
Smith, an important witness, who. has
been missing since a day or two after
the tragedy. Smith is "Nan" Patter
son's brother-Jn-law. It is said that
Hyman B. Stern, a pawnbroker, will
testify that Smith purchased the re
volver with which Young was shot.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS
STRUCK BY FALLING SCAFFOLD.—Oak
land, Dec. 7. — James Brown, a cook living on
Park avenue, Alameda, was struck by a scaf
folding-, which save way at he was walking
beneath It, In front of Lehman's hotel. In
Alameda. He w«» brought to the Receiving
Hospital here, where a severe laceration of
the scalp was found and stitched by Steward
Harry Borchert-
ENDEAVORERS . KLECT OFFICERS.—
Oakland Dec. 7. — The Christian Endeavor So
ciety of "the First Christian Church elected the
following officers for the ensuing: term last
r.ipht at a meetins held at the home of Mr.
and Mrs. Howard, 1054 Eighteenth street:
E. A. Huzill. president; CUIlon Wood, vice
president: Mrs. J. P. Potter, corresponding sec
retary; Mrs. J. Ncrrls Hubbard, treasurer;
Miss Millie Eamshaw, pianist; Miss Nellie
Phllbrick. chorister.
WILL, INSTITUTE NEW ENCAMPMENT.—
Oakland, Dec. 7. — A new encampment of Odd
Fellows will be organized at Pleasanton next
Saturday evening, and the members of Oak
land Encampment and Oakland Canton Xo. 11.
Patriarchs Militant, will go to Pleasanton to
attend the institution. The members will
leave this city at .'. p.* m. and will be Joined
on the way by the Hay wards and Niles en
campments. The ceremonies of organizing
the new encampment will be conducted by Dis
trict Deputy Grand Patriarch Force of Ean
Leandro. -.---' /
WANTS SHARE OF PROFITS.— Oakland,
Dec. 7. — The hearing of the suit of S. P.
Fillroan against J. T. Rohn and D. McCarthy
for his share of the profits In a realty deal
was begun to-day before Judge Ogden. The
three men together bonded the land now used
for the Evergreen Cemetery for $24,025 25 and
sn'd It to the Alameda Realty Company for
$30,000. Filiman says he was given none ' of
the profits and Is suing for $1991 58. or a
third of the amount cleared. His partners
In the transaction answer that there were no
"profits.
Celebrate Tenth Anniversary.
OAKLAND, Dec. 7. — General George*
A. Custer Council No. 22, Junior Or
der of American Mechanics, celebrated
the tenth anniversary of its organiza
tion last night at Woodmen's Hall.
Addresses were made by State Coun
cilor W. E. Bouton, L. D. Inskeep, Dr.
George Derricks and others. A beau
tifully inscribed loving cup was pre
sented to John A. Schreiner by W. M.
Jf nkins on behalf of the council. The
members of the committee in charge
of the celebration were: L. C. Shaw.
L. D. Inskeep, Herman Paine, J. N.
Bedell and W. A. Peterson.
William B. Jones' Death.
OAKLAND. Dec. 7. — William B.
Jones, who for several years . has been
the local manager for a large bill post
ing and advertising firm, died this
morning at the residence of his father,
Yv\ S. Jones, 1530 Magnolia- street,
aged 32 years. Deceased had been ill
for several weeks, iand >a few days
ago developed typhoid pneumonia,
which proved fatal. Besides his father,
Mr. Jones : leaves a brother, ~A. 7 H.
Jones, and a sister, Annie A. Jon'"
THE SAN« FRANGISCO GALL- THURSDAY; .DECEMBER'S. 1001
I dence of William Bannan, 1457 Har
rison street, from which they realized
I several thousand dollars' worth of
j jewels. This crime was done the night
before Patrolman Smith was killed. .
/There has been a purpose in Kin
iry's apparent willingness to talk
about his career in Oakland and es
j pecially to give information to the po
i lice about his connection with
j Smith's death. All the while in his
j talks with the police Kiniry has'at
! tempted to show that Goldstein was
i the man who shot Smith and that he
j (Kiniry) was some distance away and
| running from the scene when the fatal
! shots were fired that cost both Smith
] and Goldstein their lives. But the Po
| lice Department has been at work to
. meet this phase of the case and they
I have succeeded in finding a witness
j who will contradict Kiniry's version
j of the occurrence.
' FIND GOOD WITNESS.
This witness, who will be produced
at the preliminary examination to
morrow, is Henry Herman, a coach
man, who saw enough of the occur
rences after the shooting to prove
that Kiniry has not told the truth
concerning some of the essential ele
ments of the case. The police also
have a witness to the shooting who
will tell a story identical with the
statements that Policeman Smith
made when he was dying.
Kiniry's admissions, coupled with a
mass of evidence that has been col
lected by the police, give the prosecu
tion every hope that a strong case of
murder will be shown and that the
accused burglar will be so closely
connected with it that no doubt will
remain as to his hand having been the
one that fired the fatal bullets.
The examination will be com
menced to-morrow morning before
Police Judge George Samuels.
SUIT AGAINST
MINE WORKERS
TRINIDAD, Colo., Dec. 7.— Suit was
filed in the District Court to-day by
the Victor Fuel Company against the
United Mine Workers of America, John
Mitchell and eleven other officers of the
organization for $491,000 damages al
leged to have been sustained by the
company during the strike of the coal
miners. This suit does not take the
place of. the suit for $85,000 filed about
a year ago and still pending.
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo., Dec. 7.—
Judge Cunningham has appointed
Charles C. Butler as special prosecutor
in the cases against A. E. Carlton,
Clarence C. Hamlin and over twenty
other prominent citizens, charged with
having kidnarjed and deported former
Attorney General Eugene Engley, J.
Hangs, E. J. Cole and several others on
August 20. The court also appointed
Tully Scott, chairman of the Demo
cratic Countv Central Committee, as
special prosecutor in cases against Jo
seph A. Warford and Thomas Brown,,
under indictment for the murder of
Christopher Miller and Isaac Lebo,
who were killed in Goldfield on election
; day, November 8.
OPPOSES USE
OF FISH TRAPS
At the session of the International
Seamen's Union yesterday Delegate
Rosenberg introduced a resolution ad
vocating the protection of the fishing
industry on the Pacific Coast. He says
that the business, which is one of vast
importance on this coast, is being rap
idly destroyed by the reckless methods
of Ihe fishermen. The resolution par
ticularly condemns the use of traps,
and urges that legislation be enacted
which will prohibit their use In the
future. The matter was referred to the
legislative committee, with power to
act.
It was ordered that a telegram be
sent to the Secretaries of the Navy,
War, Treasury and Commerce and La
bor and to Representative Livernash
expressing the sense of the convention
as opposed to the contemplated em
ployment of coolies dn navy colliers
and possibly other vessels of the United
States. . ' * \
Such a course, it was argued, would
be in violation of the Chinese exclu
sion law and contrary to that principle
of the admiralty law which regards an
American vessel as American soil.
Another resolution was adopted de
claring the departmental rulings under
which the shipment of Chinese . on
American vessels is permitted as being
in violation of the Chinese exclusion
laws, and urging that the President
and Congress see that the laws of the
nation are enforced as far as Chinese
exclusion is concerned.
All members of affiliated unions are
requested to do their utmost to. pre
vent the employment of Mongolians in
the . cooks' and stewards' departments
of vessels, and secure therein the em
ployment of union men so far as pos
sible.
Delegate Schaarrenberg introduced a
resolution urging the affiliation of the
International Seamen's Union of Amer
ica with the International Transport
Workers' Federation,
At the afternoon meeting progressive
reports were received from a number
of committees. The session will be re
sumed this morning.
PADERKWSKI WILL GIVE
THREE CONCERTS HERE
J. Paderewski. the pianist,
will soon be heard again in this city.
He will. arrive on Monday, December
12. from Australia,, where he has been
playing to enthusiastic audiences. The
genius is said to be, even a greater
master of his art than he was when
he first visited this city. .
- Paderewski will give three concerts
here, on Saturday afternoon, Decem
ber 1 7 ; - on Monday, evening, . Decem
ber 19, .and on' Wednesday evening.
December 21. The sale of seats will
open at Sherman, Clay. & . Co.'s miwsic
tore on Monday next.
HONEYMOON IS
NOT VERY BRIGHT
Wife of Jose])h Stirling
Wants Divorce froiii the
Man She Eecently Wed
arcKILLICANS, DISAGREE
Mrs. J. L. Wilson Files Third
Suit and Alleges Husband
Treated Her Very Cruelly
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Dec. 7.
Cupid has deserted the hearthstone
of Agnes V. Stirling and her husband,
Joseph .S. Stirling, local manager of
the Apollinaris Water Company, who
plighted their troth in the spring of
this year. U Mrs. Stirling now wants a
divorce on the ground of cruelty. They
were married in May and went to St.
Louis and New York for their bridal
trip. According to the wife, Stirling's
love was not lasting and he became
morose and treated her cruelly. He
would not talk to her for days at a
time and she finally fled from him in
fear. Mrs. Stirling wants a division of
the property, which she says is worth
about $10,000, alimony and attorneys'
fees.
Mabel J. S. McKillican, wife of for
mer Deputy County^ Clerk Leslie Mc-
Killican and until recently a guard at
San Quentin, was granted a divorce
this afternoon by Judge Ellsworth on
the ground of desertion. -. H
After beginning .two divorce suits
against J. L. Wilson, his wife this
evening filed a third complaint and
says that she will prosecute this to the
bitter end. They were married in
Reno in 1900 and twice since then she
has listened to his entreaties and dis
missed actions. Last night she had
him arrested for disturbing the peace
and this evening filed her complaint,
asking for a divorce on the ground of
cruelty. He was divorced from a for
mer wife, who lives at Berenda, Cal.
Jennie A. Ley has begun divorce
proceedings against Thomas A. 'Ley on
the ground of cruelty. , They have
been married since 1895, but she al
legesxjpf late he has developed such an
unreasonable jealousy that she cannot
live with' him. He threatened to
strike her with his cane when she was
leaving the house one day af 543Eight
eenth street and at/another time took
her clothes and threatened to have
them sold at auction.
OAKLAND CLUB
JOINS PROTEST
TO CONGRESS
By Zoe Green TUiddiffe.
OAKLAND. Dec. -7.— Many members of the
Oakland Club have been out- and- out suf
fragists, while others . have b*en content to let
men' continue to run' things political, but to
day* the club as a body. Went 6n'recortf as be
ing' in the suffrage fight. There is a bill now
pending In Congress proposing to unite Okla
homa and Indian Territories into the State of
Oklahoma, and New Mexico and 'Arizona into
one State of Arizona. The bill itself is all
right, but one tiny word of three letters has
evoked a H'ldespreadlng protest ' from ever}'
woman in the land who is working for the
voting privilege — that one little word "sex" In
the fifth paragraph of sections 3 and 21. As
the bill now reads it places women on a level
with criminals, lunatics and ignoramuses, and
the suffragists have set up a howl that prom
ises to frishten the law builders at 'Washing
ton out of their senses — or should one say into
them?
Clubs all over the United States are being
asked to join in a general protest and the
Oakland Club promptly fell in line, for every
day the need is felt for laws that will
Btrencthen its power for good and even the
most conservative women of the club are be
rinninc to realize . that they will continue to
be handicapped so long as they are denied
rizhts that are given to vagabonds and illit
erate creatures, as well as men of intelligence
and learnlnc That is why the Oakland Club
put itself on record to-day as favoring suf
fra.e, by signing the protest that will go to
Washington. A motion was also carried by
the club to petition the Legislature to provide
for the support of vacation schools from the
public funds.
Superintendent of Schools J, W. McClymonds
addressed the club to-day on "School Sanita
tion and School Architecture." Interesting
and instructive though his remarks were, Mr.
McClymonds was compelled to make them
brief, as he was suffering from a cold that
made him quite hoarae.
The most brilliant social affair of the week
was, without doubt, the reception given by
Mrs. John I... Howard. Miss Jean Howard and
Mrs. John L. Howard Jr. to-day. This is tha
first time for a year or two that the- beautiful
Vernon-street residence has been thrown open
for so large an event, and a fashionable throng
filled the elaborately decorated* apartments.
The affair was primarily In honor of younsr
John It. Howard's bride,* who,; is a stranger in
Oakland. The Junior Howards are making
their home here for . the . winter.
In Mrs. Howard's receiving party ' to-day
were Mrs. Howard Jr-.^Mlss Jean . Howard.
Mrs. Charles Minor Ooodall, Mrs. Allen Har
wood Babcock, Mrs. Hayward G. Thomas, Mrs.
Frederick Stolp. ■ MrB. T. C: Coogan, Mrs.
Frank L. Brown. Mrs. Warren Olney Jr., Mrs.
Robert S. Knleht/ Miss Grace Sanborn, Miss
Leslie Green. Miss Charlotte Hoffman. Miss
Marietta : Havens, Miss Grace Baldwin, Miss
Virginia de Fremery, Miss Polly de Fremery.
Miss Cornelia Campbell, Miss Chrtssle Taft,
Miss - EdKh Fowler, llles Irving Lundborgr.
Mrs. . Grace Gorrill Gowing, MIm Jane Raw
lings, MIps Charlotte Wood, Miss Doris Batch-"
elder, Allsa Muriel Ransome. Miss Florlnne
Brown, . Mrs. Prentlss Selby. _ . /. . *
A pretty little wedding of 'interest in college
as well as social - circles - took place this I even-
Ing at Plymouth-avenue' Church, .being that of
Miss Jessie Bell . Stroud and William Herri tt
Wootton. The bride Is a sister of the noted
unlx-ersity football captain, • Ben Stroud. and
the ' young giant' attended h!s .brother-in-law
as best man. The bride; who Is a very charm.
ln«r woman and a musician of considerable
ability, was prettily gowned in white point
d'esrrlt. made full over : white taffeta. She
was attended by ■ her sister.' Miss Mamie
Stroud, also in white.
The church ceremony wan followed by a re
ception at the Linda Vista' home of 'the bride's
parents, Mr. and Mrs. John Allen , Stroud.
The home of Mrs. Thomas ,B. Coghlll will be
the scene of a brilliant charity affair on »w
Year's eve, wheji a tea will be given for the
benefit of St. Paul's Episcopal Church." Among 1
the society '-...women Interested are Mrs. John
Stanley.' Mrs.-T. B. Coshill. Mrs. Edson F.
Adams, Mrs. Lillian Brown Everts, Miss Flor
inne Brown, Mrs. Thomas " Crellin. Miss Mona
CrelHn. Mrs. Charles Walkeley, Mrs. I. . Ii.
Requa. . ■■ " " • - - . . ;
Mrs. 8eth- Mann's luncheon ; and card party
In honor of. Mi?. John Treirloan to-day was a
delightful affair. -Violets gave the keynote for
the effective decorations and pretty" favors.
The luncheon ruests were Mrs. John Tregloan.
Mra. F. W. Morse. Mrs. A. S. Larkey,; Miss
Ida - Larkey. . Mrs. : H. S. Kergan, Mrs. A. J.
Snvd«r. Mrs." George 8.. Locke.
' They were • Joined late^for the card eames
by Mr*. F. H. Buteau, -Miss Kate Judson;
Mi*s May Judson. Mm: J.P. Maxwell.
Miss .A nhta. Vance was hostess yenterday : at
an informal "FewinRbe*." A decade of girls
brought thrtr.ChflstmaR sewing and enjoyed a
very pleasant t afternoon. .
!•.., ■-.- ■■---. .'4.-\-«- • . • ■ -
Everything is In readiness for the calendar
tea.'whlch is, always one of ths, leading social
events -of A the; year. -Mrs.^Chnbofs' home on
Madison Ktre*t will" agraln • be ; the > scene of the
tear and a*, splendid 'musical ; programme has
been arranged.*"'* nome' of the * participants heinsr
OimiUe d'Arvllle * Crellin,. Mr. * Mllward. -. MIm
Morse. ..MImj . Helen ' Crane.' WJUprd i Bartln." th?
German Qui»rtet, » Miss Pearl King and Miss
Vrancac Trlsb. '■-:'-. ,.-. '
BURSTING BLOOD VESSEL
RENDERS PERCIVAL HELPLESS
fr ends find Business- flan Dazed
WANDERS AS ONE DEMENTED
BERKELEY, Dec. 7.— While his
frantic wife, and family for, 'forty
eight hours made a vain search for
him, R. A. Percival, manager of the
Standard Printing Company, wan
dered about the streets of San Fran
cisco last Sunday and Monday, help
less, a blood vessel having burst in his
head, rendering him, as one utterly
without power to direct his move
ments, call for aid or explain to any
one his predicament. When discov
ered he was half famished. Forty
eight hours " after Percival left to
transact business in- San Francisco
friends found him alone and in dis
tress on a side street. His condition
was made worse by two days endured
without food, drink or natural sleep.
Percival was' cared for by these
friends and his family at 2500 Dana
street in Berkeley promptly informed
of the circumstance. As soon as Per
cival could be moved he was brought
WODLD . ASSIST
COAST COLLEGE
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Dec. 7.
President Benjamin Ide* Wheeler
has received suggestions from Wash
ington apropos of Professor Hilgard's
annual report, which referred with
special emphasis. to the need of a bet
ter equipped agricultural department
at the university."
Dr. A. C. True, director of the ex
periment stations of the United States
Department of Agriculture, has writ
ten to President Wheeler outlining
what seem to him to be the essential
needs of the university's agricultural
department and urging the adoption of
a plan to provide for such needs as
follows: .
1.. An agricultural building, riving adequate
office, lecture-room and laboratory facilities.
2.- A farm, accessible to Berkeley, properly
equipped for Instruction and research- purposes.
-3. If possible, the practice of your Legis
lature of making small appropriations for
specific investigations should be broken up and
in the place thereof lump-sum appropriations
for research work ba substituted. .
In connection with Professor Hil
gard's annual report from the depart
ment of agriculture, the professor has
spoken plainly of the attitude assumed
by some farmers and landowners of
the State who fail to assist the depart
ment in Its work of investigating the
cause and cure of alkali lands.' Ac
cording 'to Professor. Hilgard, many
farmers decline to admit *hat they
have any such land and so block the
efforts of the university men to assist
in reclaiming suchsoil. - T '
. Referring to; this feature of his
work, Professor Hilgard says that
oftentimes after a season's work, care
fully planned and carried out with
considerable expense, the co-operators
fail to make the. crucial observations
of crop results with the care and data
required, has led to the conclusion
that in order to render such co-opera
tive experiments really useful and con
clusive it will be necessary to detail
competent men to make the harvest
under full direction and therefore
wholly or partially at the expense of
the university.
ANOTHER RETIRED OFFICER
'TO SETTLE IX SAX FRANCISCO
General W. E. Dougherty Will Join
the Large Army Contingent
Living Here. *
Brigidier General William E.
Dougherty, retired, and Mrs. Dough
erty are at the Occidental. They have
been making a tour of the country.
General Dougherty is one of the best
known and most popular of officers.
He Joined the army April 10, 1860.
The general has been in every part
of the United States, but likes San
Francisco so well 1 that he will make
It his home. Mrs. Dougherty is fond
of San Francisco and will be a de
lightful acquisition 'to its society .cir
cles.
Major Henry M. Morrow, who has
been judge advocate of the court-mar
tial case of Paymaster Harry L. R»es
at Portland, Or., is ' expected home
next 'Monday.
Paymaster Rees was ably defended
by Attorney Joel M. Long. No do
cision has been announced.
. General Francis Moore will inspect
the troops stationed at Angel Island
to-day. ■ .
The saloons immediately adjacent to
the entrance to -the Presidio are atill
flourishing. It was ' thought the fine
of $300 just imposed by Judge Ca
banlss on W. Matkins would proba
bly close up the saloons in that lo
cality.
The" "Presidio football team, : the
champions of the Department of Cal
ifornia, will meet the Twenty-first In
fantry eleven at the Presidio athletic
grounds at 2:30 "o'clock , p. m. The
teams will line up as,, follows:
Presidio." Position. 21st Infantry.
Allen......*.: Center ...Picketts
LudlunT. . .......... Left guard Brumley
Daviss .- .*. Left tackle. .Morris
Tattman. . . • . ."• . . • • Left end. . . : .Heglin
Perry...... ........ Right guard Clark
MeCuIloch. ........ Right tackle -.Swlhson
Jones.. Right end Detricks
Hostetter. Right half : Ward
Greenwall Left half ......... ..Harper
Nallock Fullback Waro
Danvers. .......... Quarter Lowe
Captain William Brooke,, Fifteenth
Infantry, is . in town on a few days'
leave.
University of Michigan Dinner^
The University of Michigan Club
will give its. third annual dinner on
Monday, December 12, at 6:30 p. m.
at the California' Hotel. The arrange
ments are under the charge- of Ed
ward Mills Adams, William H. Bar
rows and Dr. Charles Bush, dinner
committee. The club has : 108 mem
bers. A. large attendance Is antici
pated: and the reunion is expected to
be a very enjoyable one. 'William A.
Beasly will preside and there will be
addresses by a number of the alumni.
All University of .Michigan men will
be welcomed. Those who have ,not re
ceived an' invitation are requested to
send .their -names and -addresses im
mediately to Edward. , Mills Adams,
126 Stockton street, ; room; 5, San Fran
cisco,' from- whom may be obtained
any -further' information which may
be desired.' * '^li^rtlHiWiLllliflliiiliBBllMI
There , are '■ men .who wouldn't make
muehjof an impression even by! falling
Into a mortar bed. .
to his home here, where physicians
now attend him.
It Is believed that the bursting of a
blood vessel in the brain occurred af
ter he left the boat crossing to San
Francisco, as otherwise he would
probably have received attention from
some of the boat crew. Percival him
self is unable to give any account of
his wanderings. His talk is incohe
rent, and his condition is such that
those in charge will not permit him
to attempt any explanation of his ad
venture.
The Standard Printing Company,
whose interests Percival directed, has
in charge all the printing of the uni
versity student publications and these
have been, somfe of them, slightly de
layed by the unfortunate mischance
which befell Percival. The Occident
magazine^ which usually la issued on
Monday,- has not as yet gone to print,
though the Daily Calif ornian has not
been obliged to miss any issues.'
GOSSIP IN FOLD
OF POLITICIANS
The ,word is being passed along the
legislative line that Jere Burke of San
Francisco and Jim Gillls of the State
Library have slated Billy Lamphrey
for sergeant at arms of the Assembly.
The story goes that Assemblymen
elect are told in San Francisco that
Jim Gillls represents "our people" in
Sacramento. There is a common Im
pression In political circles that the
seventy-five Republican Assemblymen
will undertake the task of organizing
the Assembly. The suggestion is of
fered to Assemblymen that they ascer
tain by direct inquiry whether Burke
and Gillis are authorized to speak for
any one other than Jere and Jim.
An old -.time politician yesterday re
marked: "It is all right for Jere Burke
and Jim Gillis to organize the Legisla
ture if they can fool the members Into
the belief that they have been delegat
ed by the organization or some other
power to take care of the lawmakers
and see that none stray beyond the
precincts of the State Library and
sergeant at arms' rooms for valuable
hints on legislation."
According to general political gossip
there will be a new departure at Sac
ramento next January. It is said that
the members of each branch of the
Legislature will look for Inside, rather
than for outride, light en. the subject
of . organization.
.Note is made of the fact that George
Rolley of Humboldt is making fair
progress in his campaign, for speaker
ship of the Assembly and is making
this headway on the theory that the
Assemblymen themselves , will de
termine the result. His supporters
contend that he is capable and worthy.
It would not surprise the politicians if
he should win the prize while others
desiring the honor were looking for
somebody to give "orders."
There is gossip to the effect that John
Stafford has the promise of substantial
support for the position of sergeant at
arms of the Assembly. It is pre
dicted that Senator Wolfe will be
chosen President pro tern, of the Sen
ate and that J. Steppacher will be
elected without opposition to the posi
tion of chief clerk of the Assembly.
Senators and Assemblymen repre
senting the counties of Los Angeles,
San Diego, Santa Barbara, Ventura,
San Bernardino. Orange and Riverside
met in Los Angeles yesterday and dis
cussed legislative .affairs.
CONVENTION OF SUNDAY
SCHOOLS IX THIS CITY
Gathering of Religious Teachers to
Be Held in United Presby
terian Church.
The San Francisco County Sunday
School Association, which is a branch
of . the great International Sunday
School Association, will hold its an
nual convention Friday, December 16,
in the First United Presbyterian
Church, corner Golden Gate avenue
and Polk street, Rev. H. H. Bell, D.
D., pastor.
It will open at 10 a. m. with a Bi
ble .study by Dr. George W. White.
Following this will be an address by
Miss Gray of Oakland on primary
work in the Sunday school.
Dr. E. K. Strong will open the af
ternoon session with a Bible study.
Then Dr. T. S. Young of San Jose will
give his lecture on "Teacher Train
ing." Dr. William Rader will speak
on "Glimpses of Church Life in Eng
land."
The evening session will -be ad
dressed by George W. Dickie, manager
of the Union Iron Works, who will
speak on "The Business Man and the
Sunday School." Charles A. Murdock
will discuss "How to Interest Young
Men in the Sunday School," and L. H.
Carey will speak on "The Relation of
the Local Association to the State
and International Association."
SEEK IXTEKPRETATIOX
OF IMMIGRATION LAWS
Question Involving Right of Chinese
to Land Is Submitted to
Highest Tribunal.
The cases of See SI Kum and her
son, Man Quong Kay, who were de
nied admission to this country by the
immigration officials, have been
passed up to the United States Su
preme Court for a final ruling. The
woman claimed to be a native of this
country and entitled to. land, but the
immigration officials ruled otherwise.
When . the case came before Judge de
Haven on habeas corpus proceedings
he decided that she was a native and
entitled to land. - District Attorney
Woodworth contends that the District
Court lacked jurisdiction to review a
decision of the immigration officials on
habeas corpus proceedings.
Mah Quong Kay claims to have been
born, in this country, but saya he was
taken to China when two years of age.
He Is now. 25 years old and it is con
tended that he forfeited his right to
citizenship by remaining in a foreign
country after ■ reaching his majority.
Many, other delicate points of law are
involved and the decision is anxiously
awaited, as it will settle vexing ques
tions.
A. square foot of real estate is worth
a dozen castles in the air.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTV
OAKLAND.
. I0IG Brondwny.
Telephone Main 10S3.
BE11KELEY.
2I4S Ccuter Street.
Telephone North 77.
ALA3IEDA-
1435 Park Street.
Telephone AJsuueda 559.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Alamctlu County.
WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER T.
Frfderick and Helen MaroU to Joseph Au-
Kustin Martin. lot on N line of Laurel street.
467:1 K of Telegraph avenue, K SO by S
116:4. let 13, Lincoln Homestead Union Oak
land; $10.
Charles F. and Caroline C. Allardt to Mich
ael C. and Nora T. Crosby, lot on W line- of
Chestnut street. 18O:tt 3 of West Fourteenth.
W loo by S 4». block 573. Boanlmaa's map.
Oakland; $10.
Mjllla E. and Orville D. Baldwin (husband
and as attorney) to John C. Merriajn, lot on
X line of Falrvlew street. 89.0© E of Deakln.
E 44 by N 135. lot 15. block 2, Baldwin Tract.
Oakland; |10O.
G. F. and H. N. Gray to J. I* and I* G.
Siller, lot on N line of East Twenty-second
street. 155.50 W of Ttranty-fourth avenu* W
4«> by N 100. lot 14. block H, Latham T»rr»c»,
deed made to correct error In 635 D. 147. East
Oakland; £10.
John W. Pepper to Mary E. Chas« (widow).
153 square feet, being SE portion of lot 2C*.
in Plat 2.1, Mountain View Cemetery, Oak
land Township; |10.
Peter Canhaj>« pr Canhop* to Matilda Wet
ir.ann. lot on E line of Fourth street. 202:8
X of Jones. N 25 by E 125. bloc* 47, Tract B.
Berkeley Loan and Township Improvement
Association. Berkeley;. $10.
Robt. or Robert and Sarah Lynes to G«ors*
Joseph Phllltos. W 85 feet of lots 1O and tl.
block A, Suburban Tract. Berkeley; SXOO.
Bank of Alameda (corporation) to Ella
Frances Russell (wife of J. R.). lot oa N Un»
of Santa Clara avenue, 250 W of Walnut
street *W 50 by N 217:8. lot 4. block 23. lands
adjacent to Encinal, Alameda; $10.
Anne T. Martel (Herrod) to Minnie H. A.
Abraham (Herrod). undivided one-half of lot
on W line of Willow street. 27 8 of Taylor.
S 27 by W 102:6, lot 1», block S9G. Casserly
Tract at Point. Oakland; $10.
John B. and Lucy E. Mackey to Relief B.
Fox. lot on W line of Chestnut street. 97:7
S from intersection with what Is known as
Encinal line. S 30. W ICO. NE SO. E to begin
ning, block 611. subdivision of map of Alfred
Barstow Tract. Oakland; $10.
William B. Greenebaum to I* J. Archer, lot
on S line- of Summer street. 53 :& — — from
Intersection with line dividing lots 9 and «.
8 175.71. E 50, N 194. belnff W portion
lot 9. block S. revised map of Oakland Heights,
quitclaim deed, Oakland; $5.
The McCarthy Company to Frank Chrlstlan
son. re-record 977 D 201. lot 1, block E, Golden
Gate Tract. Oakland: $10.
Berkeley Development Company to Howard
EtllSman. lots 13 and 14. block 6. Falrview
Park, portion V. Peralta Reserve, Oakland
Township; $10.
E. F. and Minnie W. Ltymtncs tn R. J.
McMullen (single*, lot on S line of Park ave
r.ue. 81:6 W of Hubbard street <2«*9-6 W of
San Pablo avenue). W 25 by S 125. portion
lot 20. block 27, map of part of plat S, V. and
D. Peralta Rancho, property of J. S. Emery,
Emeryville. Oakland Township; $10.
Benjamin F. White' (guardian estate Ed
ward W. White, minor) to William Fulton.
81 square feet, portion lot 3J>, plat 25. Mountain
View Cemetery. Oakland Township; $10.-
John J. and Carolina M. Jones to I.m"!'.i
Kelso Hirst (wife of Samuel), lot on W lln*
of Walnut street. 293 :1O S of Cedar. S 40 by
"W 125, portion lots 20 and 21. block C. Percy
Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Byron G. and Lizzie B. Snyder (wife) to
Charles C. Greenough. lot on W line of fan
Pablo avenue, 415.EO N of Snyder. N 43. 5. SW
440.28, SE 41.03. E 440. being N ', lot 21.
Snyder Tract. Berkeley: $10.
DECISION. IN .FAVOR
OF THE IATX.. '.HEIRS
T. R. Coolcy Loses His FhrJit for a
Share of the Big ■ .-,
- .' Estate.
The legal fight which has been waged
In the Superior Court for two year3
and nine months over the . claim for
three one-hundredths of the vast. Lax
estate as an additional attorney's . fee
for James II. Campbell was decided
yesterday by Judge Murasky In favor
of the defendants and now the con
troversy will be removed to the Su
preme Court.
The suit was brought by Thomas
Ross Cooley against Miller & Lux, the
Charles Lux heirs and the trustees of
the Miranda Lux estate, and It set
forth that Cooley. as CampbeH'3 as
signee, claimed a three one-hundredths
interest in the hundreds of thousands
of acres throughout the State of which
Lux. died a half owner. Th« claim was
based upon an agreement whereby
Campbell was employed by the Eastern
heirs of Lux to look out for their In
terest in the estate- He received $37,000
in cash for his services, but contended
that the estate was worth 140.000,000
and he should have 3 per cent thereof.
The defendants maintained that the
estate was only worth $12,000,000 and
that Campbell had been pail in ful*.
Judge Murasky held that the rights
of the plaintiff, whatever they may
have been under the conveyance by
the heirs, are concluded by the decree
of distribution of the estate, made
seme years ago, and that as a conse
quence judgment In th a action muit
be for the defendants.
Travelers Crowd Majestta.
The San Francisco Commerelal
Travelers' Association and the friends .
of the organization filled the Majestic
Theater" last night. Every seat was,*
occupied. The souvenir programme i
for the occasion was a unique affair;'
in the form of a suit case, . typifyinjr
the" changeable life that a commercial •
traveler>must lead. Following ax» tha. ~,
officers' of- the organization: C. : • C, v
Miller, president; Henry Heinx, vice V
president; J. Armstrong, treasurer; M.-
B. Mergen, recording secretary, and O.-
C. Sievers. : The .entertainment com
mittee consisted of E. Dunne, H. H.*
Becker, J. H. Horstmann. P. Lange. K. -
M. Borman, X. Marisch, J. E. Bran-,
don, J. B.' Salazar and E. C Smith.* 1
Thomas V. O'Connor, and E. Dimne
acted as ticket sellers and- h^lDed"to^
crowd the house :, . .. v.
• - ■ 0* i . v
Dies at the Age of Nlncty-Six Years. ,
REDDING. Dec. 7.— Mrs. Arabella^
Dinsmore died at her home in -this?
city last night. She would have been ;
96 years, of age to-morrow. She was' •
a native of Kentucky and came to-:
California in 1853.
ADra^TlSEMI^-TS.
"*■"■""■: : s — I Positively cared by"
f* A DTT DO these i* 1 " 1 * Pin». ,
yMfVi Li\0 They also rrilere Dis-
EBJ3? ._,—,. — tress from Dyspepsia, In-
I T TLS digestion and Too Hearty
*tj | \# K* D EatlBS. A perfect rcra-
fe| I w Km W\ ed7 for Dtalaess, Xaosea.
5-J PILLS. I>«nretoes8, v Bad. Taste
Jg3 " jgl in tia ilonti. Coatrn
K-^ffillfMa ToEgup. Pala ta tHe Side.
' . J TORPID UVZR. Toe?
•rezul&ta to© BoweS. Purely Vegetable. r
SMALL PILL SMALL OOSL SHALL PRICE.
<£ARTERSl CURE SIC!C hEADAU4llJ - ;
Spittle Genuine Must Bear
| iVER Fac-Simils SignatureASKS EXECUTORS
TO KILL PARROT
Man Died in Agriew
Directs That His Estate Be
. Used to Build Mausoleum
PEACE FOR GA3IPER
tiemembers Wife in Testa- !
inentr- Although She Left)
Him 22 Years Ajro.
• Considering the fact that Lorenzo
M. P*>rez died in the Agnew Asylum.
there may be some question raised as
to his mental soundness at the time
he made his will on September 30,
1501. but a perusal of the testament
l*-£.ves no doubt that he was of a "dis
posing' mind. He provided for the
ditposal of nearly all the items of his
estate down to his parrot, which he
Instructed his executors to chloroform
and bury in some garden. He named
James W. Merrill and Percy T. Towne
as executors and declared that he had
no children or other relatives.
. Perez directed that his mother's pic
ture and a:i small ornaments and trin
ket? should be destroyed; that his
•watch, chain and ring should be buried
with him; that {100 should be spent for
b. suitable casket and $100 for carriages
erd flowers for his funeral. After many
minor bequests, he directed that the
"residue of his estate should be convert
ed into cash and used for the purpose of
buying a burial lot and the erection
of a marble or granite mausoleum for
the : bodies of himself and mother, the
mother's remains to be removed from
Laurel Hill Cemetery. As the estate
U said to be worth between 56000 and
SfcOOO. the last resting place of the
eccentric will maker should be impos
ing.
George Gamper, a rectifier, who
<*.:<?d last Sunday at the age of 77.
had no ill will for the wife who left
him twenty-two years ago, and in his
l&st testament he bequeaths to her
property in Xew Orleans and the re
mainder of his estate after certain
legacies are paid. He says he has not
heard from his wife since she left him.
aitbotxsfc she hss been living on his
property in Louisiana, and "I have at
]<-ast had peace since then," he says.
r,?rnper"s first wife was Mary Mur
; hy. v.ho died, and her five children
arc all dead. The second wife was
Evelena German, a widow. In his
fi-:a:r.*nt he leaves 2500 francs in
Fx\ iss money to two nephews in Switz
erland: S2S to a godson in Xew Or
ksns; %2L0 to the San Francisco Fruit
r.nd Flower Mission, and the property
Bt 512-514 Lark'n street to Johanna
end Ida Tucholsky. The latter is
r.nrr.ed as executrix.
Even when poverty pinches, some
pccpJe insist upon adding to their mis
ery by wearing tight shoes.
ADVEJITISKMEXTS.
[A Useful Gift
I Stylish Shopping bip
I Ir all feshioasble leathers, colors
I ar.d fhepe*. at prices from 5CM? to
fe l*l<MKt. The value advertised above
B at 1*1 JOO ir a particularly pood ore
■ 'or the noTifj-. We'l made, of gen-
■ ■u!ne leather, burnished bra*.* tritn-
■ rr.ir.trr. with purne In pocket. AN
I EXCELLENT GIFT for Isdy or ren- ;
I tl*rr.sr. I* roe cf CONKLJN'S SELF-
I FILLING PENS. th» pea that fill*
B i:s»;' «nd is always ready for bu*i-
II rw Price* *3.O0 to f5.00. GIL-
HLETTE FAFETT RAZOR. SS.OO.
t; THAT KAJSt PITTS.
H T. Vf. PITTS. The ctationer.
■ l0T» MARKET ST., cpp. Fifth. S. F.
n PnHaiaatot:ristE]»€pisgcar»thrcrag:h *2
|D f roa Lea Asgeles snd Saa FrBncuco Fj
i'i Misssspoiis vilho^t chscge. lit
\3 H. S. BITCHXE, M
H 617 iCarktt SU. Saa rraacisco. W
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
GUI* ECAE.VT ST. Kvtablisbrd
In I*5« for the treatment of Private
!i ; v^f>. l/»t .'JiDliwI. lW>i::ty «.r
<tt*+as* wearing on hodrand ittlml artl
Skin Di8**«es- The Doctorcor*"* w«i«mi
ntli»*ni fail. Try him. «•!■«!*•-« Inw.
ritrp«c<i«'''i"> r< '< 1 - CmIIai wiiuu
Dr. 4. »". iilCCV>, &aa i'rac-^scfc, Cal
INDIAN GIRL SHOWS
FOUR BIG POLICEMEN
HOW SHE CAN BATTLE
Her Inherent Savagery Rages
When Blood Boils Civilized
Teachings Go for Naught. x
BY JAMES C. CRAWFORD.
Among the policemen who responded J
to the "hurry call" telephoned from j
Kearny and Jackson streets to the j
Central station was Bailiff Hickey, and
he it was who pressed the prosecution J
of Miss Hazel Kay, in whose veins ;
surged the unadulterated blood of the |
rapidly disappearing Digger tribe of j
aborigines. She was charged with dis- \
turbing the peace, but Bailiff Hickey j
informed Judge Mogan that the !
formal comnlaint fell far short of con- i
vcying a comprehensive Idea of her
conduct, as his testimony w° ul( l show.
And his testimony did show that a life
time spent amid civilizing influences
had failed to eradicate the defendant's
inherent savagery.
Miss Kay was born in Southern Ore
gon twenty-two years ago, and in
babyhood was adopted by a childless
farmer and his "wife, who reared her as
carefully as if she had been their nat
ural offspring. When her education
was completed, about a year ago, she
went to visit a former schoolmate at
Santa Rosa and remained there until
last week, when she came to San Fran
cisco and took up residence in a lodg
ing-house at S29 Kearny street. That's
where she was arrested for disorderly
behavior, inspired by overindulgence in
fire-water.
A single policeman first attempted to
remove the child of revived nature, but
she fought him so fiercely with tooth
and nail that he was compelled to sum
mon the aid of a bro.ther officer. She
made the task of two no easier than
the effort of one,- and a passing patrol
man contributed his assistance to the
work of subjugation. The trio strug
gled until forced to acknowledge Itself
numerically inadequate, and then, in
despair, the "hurry call" was dis
patched and Bailiff Hickey entered the
lists. When he arrived at the scene of
conflict, the court was blushingly In
formed, Miss Kay's toilet was consid
erably disarranged, and his first act
was to cover her with a gayly striped
horse blanket taken from the patrol
wagon, the mantle making her appear
truly squawish. His strength turned
the odds against the prisoner, but she
never ceased battling until placed In a
cell. And then she made night in the
prison more than usually hideous by
alternating warwhoops and wails of
distress. X y ; : -
Miss Kay had no defense to offer, nor
did she seem to appreciate the repre
hensibility of her conduct. Her rotund
face was divided by a grin as the de
tails of her law defiance were recount
ed, and she almost laughed outright
when the Judge asked her if she were
not ashamed of herself. Why she came
to San Francisco or what prompted her
to Imbibe to excess she either would
not or could not explain. She will be
sentenced to-day.
Charles Dox, the tall comedian of
"The Runaways" company, who as
saulted a newspaper photographer on
the stage of the California Theater, was
fined $10 by Judge Conlan. Miss Daisy
Dale, the sojubrette in the case, failed
to appear, and an eager world may for
ever remain ignorant of why her stage
companions sent for a reporter instead
of a doctor whenever she deemed It
expedient to give a realistic Imitation
of a lady swooning.
• • • /
Mrs. Ellen Callahan. who was fined
$20 by Judge Mogan for selling liquor
without license, , had eluded no less
than three bench warrants before
she was captured. A similar accusa
tion Is registered opposite her name
on Judge Fritz's calendar, and in the
court of * udge Cabanlss she is to be
tried on The charge of stealing an
election booth. She has succeeded in
sidestepping Judge Conlan's" atten
tion, but he retains dread. Her va
rious offenses were committed qp the
2900 block of Clement street, where
she operates a grocery.
• • -.1 •-■'•
Joseph Stone and Frank Scott,
able-bodied street beggars, were given
thirty days apiece by Judge Fritz,
who declared intention to visit the
extreme penalty on every healthy
mendicant that Is brought before him
this month.
"For," quoth his Honor, "the
Christmas shoppers must be protected
from imposition by professional vag
abonds »ho seek to take . advantage
of the spirit of giving."
John Driscoll, opium slave, invited
Judsre Mogan to accompany him on a
mushroom-gathering tour of Ports
mouth square.
"The best time to get 'em, Judge,"
said Driscoll. with Intense earnestness,
"is about 4 ' o'clock in the afternoon.
We can fill a big basket in five min
utes. They grow so thickly that you
can't avoid mashing 'em with your
feet. Name your day and I'll call
for you."
The policeman testified that he ar
rested Mr. Driscoll for disturbing the
peace by hurling vituperation at an
Invisible thief, who had stolen imag
inary mushrooms from an impercep
tible basket.. The unfortunate fel
low was sentenced to ten days, to his
very great astonishment.
* •■■■ / : -•-
Miss Theresa Hendry's long pro
bation was concluded by Judge Mogan
sentencing her to serve thirty 'days in
prison. She was arrested on January
29, 1904, for creating - a . disturbance
at the home of William F.. Whittier.
fHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, DECEMBER 8. 1904.
capitalist, by demanding redress for a
wronK which she alleged Mr. Whittier
had done to her about fourteen years
ago. Judge Mogan convicted her, but
deferred sentence from time to time,
his evident object being to prevent a
repetition of her disorderly behavior,
until she Insisted on being sentenced
sy that she could appeal to the Su
perior Court and institute a civil suit
for damages against Mr. Whittier.
Her appeal bond was filed and ac
cepted.
Charles Smith, a ship's steward,
■was intoxicated when he went to his
home. 161 Seventh street, at 1 o'clock
yesterday morning, and Mary, his
wife, was so incensed br his condition
that she began to throw his personal
belongings out of window and bit
terly regretted her physical inability
to subject him to similar treatment.
Among the articles thus ejected by
the enragod lady was a knife such as
seamen use, and in its flight it cut a
thin slice off her spouse's right knee,
whereupon he accused her of attempt
to murder and then gave her Into
custody. Mary disproved the charge
and Judge Mogan dismissed the com
plaint.
Benjamin Sachs pleaded that it was
in self-defense he threw the eggs, but
as he was charged with having stolen
the missiles his plea was utterly ig
nored by Judge Conlan, -who pro
nounced him a rank lngrate and will
sentence hinWor petty larceny.
Edward Campion, an army pension
er residing at 1616 Powell street, was
the person from whom the eggs had
been pilfered. His pension was drawn
monthly, and with commendable pru
dence he laid in enough provisions to
keep the wolf from his door for thirty
days ere he indulged in frivolous ex
penditure. Having thus stocked his
larder last Tuesday he happened to
meet Benjamin Sachs, a veteran vaga
bond, and Invited him to partake of
liquid refreshment, which Invitation
was instantly accepted. After escort-
Ing his guest to 1616 Powell street
Mr. Campion took an empty pitcher
and proceeded to a nearby saloon to
purchase beer, and during his ab
sence Mr. Sachs abstracted from the
larder two dozen eggs, two rolls of
butter and one bottle of Worcester
shire sauce. Some small boys who
saw him emerge from the door in
stantly divined that he had stolen his
freight and when they attempted to
relieve him of it he placed his back
against a wall and began bombarding
them with the eggs. Police Sergeant
Christiansen's attention was attracted
by the tumult, but he discreetly ab
stained from intervening until he was
satisfied that Mr. Sachs had exhausted
his ammunition. Then he arrested
him. The butter, It may not be amiss
to add, went the way of the eggs, but
the greater portion of It was scraped
from the clothing of two small boys
and restored to Mr. Campion. With
the epgs Mr. Sachs scored nineteen
out of the twenty-four possible hits.
The sauce bottle was broken and its
contents lost forever.
James F. Mathews proudly pro
claimed himself the sole survivor .of
the once mighty army of opium smok
ers.
"That's nonsensical, but, consider
ing the source, not surprising," said
Judge Mogan. "The police say that
the number of 'dope fiends' in this
city is larger than It ever was."
"Ah, but I'm . de only one of de
whole bunch dat has stuck to de long
draw," Mr. Mathews elucidated. "All
de udder hopheads have switched to
de hypo, but de pipe's good enough
for me."
* Mr. Mathews will be sentenced for
vagrancy. j
JOHNSTON WANTED IN CHICAGO.— Chief
Wlttman received a dispatch* from Chief Fran
cis ' O'XelH of Chicago yesterday, asking him
to hold Robert C. Johnston: that the complaint
against him was out of town, but would be
returned on Friday, when requisition papers
would .be procured and an officer sent to take
Johnston back. .Johnston surrendered himself
on Monday night, saying that he had passed a
worthless ■ check unintentionally on a friend
named Durham. „
NEWBR<rS HERPICIDE
The ORIOJNAL remedy that "kills the Dandruff derm."
CxOING* 1 OrblNG. !i GONE!!!
mnax. maun a., . BEtncnx mu safe it. ' too ute fm kmcoe. ' ** -
A WOMAN TO BE PRETTY $c * lp *" 4 '•"'"» h * lf Newbr «'« Herpicw* a*-
. . _^^^ . ~T. i . ,T stroys this enemy of beauty and enables the hair
Bu *! b * ve P««y. •«»'. Beautlfol locks have • to resume its natural luster and abundance. Al-
suMle charm, for the poet says, "fair tresses man's most marvelous results follow the use of Herpktde.
In peril race ensnare." The unpoetic tnd In- An exquisite hair dressing. Overcomes excess-
senseryreaJ dandruff wkrote nukes the hair dull. Ive otliness and makes the hair light and flu«».
brittle and lus^tertess with later din Jruff . Itchine No trea»e or dye. t Stops itching Instantly.
Orel Stats. SIDQl Send 10c, staops, to HERPICIDE CO, Oejrt. U, Ottnit Mictu lir a tuple.
APPUCATIOHS AT raCMIKENT XABBEE BHOP8, . '
INDORSE GOOD
ROADS PROJECT
Business Men at Gathering
at the St. Francis Hotel
Approve of .Ashe's Ideas
NEW ACT EXPLAINED
Advantages to Be Gained by
. the Bro wnlow . Bill Are
Shown to the Assemblage
"San Francisco will lend its support
to the 'good roads' movement." That
was the sentiment expressed by a
gathering of prominent business men
at the San Francisco Hotel yesterday.
The- meeting was short, but not lack
ing in earnestness and enthusiasm.
W. L. Ashe. formerly' Commissioner
of Highways, acted as chairman and
Louis Hirsh was elected secretary.
Ashe, who was a member of the roads
committee that met in Sonoma County
a short time ago, outlined the purpdse
of the meeting clearly and tersely.
He explained that the Sonoma com
mittee had looked into the subject
thoroughly and had based their ideas
on bills which had passed the Legisla
ture, but were vetoed by Governor
Gage. They had framed their sugges
tions to comply with the Brownlow
biil. now pending in Congress.
This bill makes an appropriation of
524,000,000 to be distributed among
the States according to their popula
tion, California to get about $480,000,
providing she complies with the re
quirements of the act. The bill pro
vides that the National Government
furnish one-half of the expenses and
the State or civil subdivision thereof
making application for the co-opera
tion shall furnish the remainder of
the money expended in the road work.
Every State or subdivision having ac
cepted such national aid must bind
itself to keep said roads in good and
efficient repair for the use of the pub
lic.
Mr. Ashe also explained that
any State that did not avail itself of
the money appropriated in this act
prior to January 1, 1907, would for
feit its right to secure it. The money
so forfeited is to be apportioned among
the other States.
Ashe urged that a change in the.
State's road laws was necessary. He
proposed the following classification
of highways: (1) Roads designated by
the Supervisors of the different coun
ties as main county roads. These are
to be constructed by the county and
the State is to keep them in repair,
whether they are built with or without
the help of the national Government.
(2) The remaining roads are to be
designated as district or neighborhood
reads and are to be built and main
tained by a district tax.
Highway Commissioner John R.
Price gave some valuable advice on
the movement. The plans suggested
by the Sonoma convention were unani
mously indorsed and it was moved to
ask the members of the. Legislature
from San Francisco to support bills in
line with these Ideas.
Following are some who are Inter
ested in the movement:
Robert J.' Tobln, -George Tourny, Charles D.
Haven. Rolla' V. Watt. George W. Spenc'r, C.
Mason Klnne, Gordon & Fraier, Tnistun Beale;
Geoite Aimer Newball. A. H. Payson, Henry
E. Botfc'ij. K. E.. £chmiu, John Hunt, James.
M. Trout't. Thomas B. Woodward. Charles W.
Fay. D. M. Dtlmai, Franktln K. Laiif. Charles
J. Hegeerty. Tobln & Tobln, E. B. Holladay,
Henry G. W. • Dlnkelsplel, Seth Mann. Hearst
ejtr.te. D. I. Mahoney. Alfred B. Ford. J.
L?Roy Nickel, F. P. McRay. Harry Babcock,
F. C. Talbot, A. H. Small. E. B. Cutter, John
H. Wise. Harry E. Wise. Mark A. Devlne,
Ivan B. Treadwell. Charles J. Stanley, Geonr«
A. Cluff, John B. Oliver, J. D. Grant, Slg.
Stern, John Foearty and W. L. Ashe.
The Delineator for January.
With a most attractive cover and a varied
list of contents, including the latest news of
the fashions and literary and domestic 'fea
tures of the Kreatest value. The Delineator for
January Is an altogether excellent number. The
regular fashion display Is supplemented by a
strikingly Illustrated article on "The Stage as
a School of Costume," showing the close rela
tions that exist between the theater and the
world of style. Herbert D. Ward and Seumas
MacManus contribute stories of rare charms,
and untfer the pseudonym "Marie Columbia," a
very clever writer describes the "smart set"
In Washington society. "Jesus. Lover of My
Soul' V Is the first paper in a series, by Allan
Sutherland, Riving the history and romance of
the famous hymns of the world, and In the
"Composers' Series" the love story of Men
delssohn and Ceclle Is related by Gustav
Kobbe. For" children there is a wealth of in
teresting matter, the names of 1* Frank Baum
and Grace MacGowan Cooke being prominent
among the contributors. Among the domestic
topics. In addition to the regular features, is
the first pacer of "The Making of a House
wife." by . Isabel Gordon Curtis.
FRENCH SHIP WINS.— In the matter of
the controversy between the owners of the
British ship Larnaea and the French bark
Pierre Cornellle. Unlj'd States District Judge
de Haven ■ yesterday 'handed down an opinion
giving a decree in favor of the owners of the
French ship and referred the case to Com
missioner Msnley to ascertain the amount of
damages.' The vessels collided outside of this
harbor on November 11. 1896. '■ •
Christmas Goods.
« No charge for lettering your name in
gold on pocketbooks, card cases, cameras,
wrist bag*, traveling sets, trunks, va
lises and dress suit cases or any other
fine leather goods purchased at our'store.
Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •
TO RESTORE LOO AN.-^A petition for the
restoration of Dr. MUburn H. Logan to com
petency was filed yesterday and December 14
was fixed by Judge Coffey as the date for the
hearing. Logan was committed to Agnews on
November 12, 1903, but Is now E aid to be physi.
cally and mentally able to care for his propeity
and affairs. His estate i« worth about $30,000.
"Scudder's Maple Sap"— First Award.
Special.-'-The World's Fair Jury of
Awards .has riven Scudders Syrup Co.,
Chicago, highest award on maple syrup.
SCHERF DECISION POSTPONED.— Judge
La wlor intimated yesterday that he was not
prepared to give his decision on the motion
to postpone the trial of Gustav Scherf. deputy
poundkeeper, charged with th« murder of Ru
dolph *"W.. Schultze. pending the appeal to the
United States Supreme Court. The case was
continued till December 10.
SHARP RETORTS
MARK WILL CASE
Attorney Collins for Propo
nents Objects to Efforts
to Coach Two Witnesses
YOUNG WIFE OX STAND
Yiolet, Monnier Tells of At
tempt to Convince . Her
That Marriage Was Void
The proceedings of the Monnier will
contest in Judge Graham's court were
marked yesterday by several sharp
passages between the attornevs. On
several occasions George D. Collins, for
the defense, objected to the attempts of
Theodore J. Roche, for the contestant,
to lead on and coach the witness. Be
fore the adjournment of the morning
and afternoon sessions Collins objected
to the delays necessitated by the ab
sence of witnesses for the contestant,
and asked that the Question of the le
gality of the junior Monnier's adoption,
whfch is now pending, be j heard and
disposed of.
Mrs. Monnier Jr. was the principal
witness yesterday, but she was on the
stand for only half an hour. She told
of the times she met George Monnier
and described their courtship and mar
riage. She said that the marriage was
without the consent of the Monnlers,
but that her fathfer and mother gave
their consent.* /
Mrs. Monnier Jr. then said that the
day after her marriage Mrs. Monnier
Sr. called on her and declared that the
marriage was illegal and that she was
rot George Monnier's wife. At an In
terview several days later, at which
Mr. Monnier . was present but took no
part, Violet Monnier declared that Mrs.
Monnier became abusive and made her
cry. A third person came into the
room, and Mrs. Monnier intentionally
introduced her to him as Miss Henry,
her maiden name.
Mrs. Monnier Sr. at the time told Vio
let Monnier that If she would visit a
certain lawyer's office she would be
shown that there had been no legal
marriage. A visit was made, but the
witness had no talk with the attorney.
Later she met him with her husband
and they visited a restaurant, where
champagne was opened in celebration
of the marriage.
A visit wag made by the couDle to
the home of the Monniers, with the ob
ject of persuading Monnier Sr. to for
give them. .The witness said that on
this occasion Mrs. Monnier became so
angry and noisy that both she and her
husband were In tears and that Mon
nier distractedly put' his hands to his
head and left the room. ,
Minnie Mugge, formerly employed
by the Monnlers, testified that although
the wine cellar of the-" Monniers was
well stocked there was no beer, and
that Mrs. Monnier Sr. sent the hired
man out every day for a pall of beer,
which she afterward bottled and kept.
The case will go on to-day at 10 o'clock.
Floral Society to Meet.
The next regular monthly meeting
of the California State Floral Society
will take place at Central Hall, 223
Sutter street, to-morrow afternoon at
2 o'clock. The directors will meet at
1:30. Professor Ralph . E. Smith of
the agricultural experiment station of
the University of California will ad
dress the society on "Diseases Af
fecting Flowering. Plants."
APVKRTISK3EENTS.
STATEMENT
OF THE •
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
RHINE & MOSELLE FIRE
,v INSURANCE COMPANY
OF STRASBURG, GERMANY. ON' THE
31st day of December, A.-D. 1903. and for
the year ending on that day, as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Call- '
forcla, pursuant to the provisions of Sections
610 and till of the Political Code, condensed
a s per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash , 1600.000 00
ASSETS. ~
Real Estate owned by Company. . $300,000 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. . 232.S0O CO
Cc*b Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. . 741,000 23 :
Cash In Company's Office 4,745 47'
Cash In Banks 165.504 3S
Ii.terest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 13,060 43
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortga^3 1.S38 56
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 41.9S2 46
Due from other Companies for re-
insurance on losses already paid. 69,319 13
' Due from other Debtors 3.392 62
Total Assets .?l.Ri>3.C71 20
LIABILITIES. =====
Losses adjusted and unpaid $21,060 OS
Losses in process. of Adjustment
'or In Suspense "." 22.290 42
losses resisted. Including expenses. 5.1S0 00
Grofs premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $423,-
472 26; reinsurance^ 50 per cent.. • 211,736 13
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. 500,-
- ISO 14; reinsurance pro rata' 30,451 19
Dividend » to stockholders remain-
ing unpaid ;....-......•..... 1,733 50
, Due and accrued for * salaries,
| rents, etc ..4 9.310 St
All other demands against the <
company 7 1, 522 16
Total Liabilities $377.643 22
i ' INCOME.
! Net cash actually received for Fire • .
j premiums ; $444,726 18
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 9,401 S3
Received for Interest and dividends. ! .-..>- ■ •■
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans asd
from all other sources .' 32,200 11
Received for Rents 14.561 18
| Received from all other sources... 2,791 2*
Total Income 1 t.yn.r.sfl (H
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount -paid for Fire Losses _ .
(including $22,429 47. losses of
previous years)'..... $1S7,S23 41
I Dividend?" to Stockholders ........ 80,000 00
Paid or i allowed for Commission or
Brokerage . V. 80.703 02
Paid for Salaries,' Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc... 43,973 96
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes ........■.-.--... 17.654 31
All other payments and expendl- ' -
tures • 27,574 26
Total Expenditures <437.S?s W,,
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year... $197. 492 67
Ricks *.nd Premiums.! Firs Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
■ written during the
year •• $160,368,429 $608,605 46
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year ...- 438,969,923 5SS.S34 39 ,
Net amount in force
# December 31. 1903. 447.356.S46 4 S3, 658 40
J. SCHALLER. President
A. PO1ZAT. Secretary.
: Subscribed and" sworn to - before meJ this
2a day. of April. 1904. ■ .'.;,
JOSEPH I. BRITTAIN.U.S. Consul.
SYZ & CO., General Agents,
308 California Street,
San Francisco. Cal.
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
Free! Free!
Extraordinary Qi f e*
TO -i
HOLIDAY SHOPPERS
Xo r->"»V~ tVci"
Holiday Purchases Before December JOth.
with ■f^* uu 'v 4>/«JU your own choice r^^
Frcc $ 1 0 Ofr Porch**,. $3 00 wotth of *?^ Free
with 4>>U*UV/*: *p>J.\J\J your own choice A" r S e
FrCC $5 00 Purchase. $1 50 worth of 2^ F r » e -
with Y J » UU *r ' * >JKJ your own choice r ree
Frce $2 50 P«cha« . 75 C worth of 2°^ Free
with Y^ #JU /JU your own choice
Fre« <£i Of) PufC ha*e. 25c wwth of e^ Free
with f'» uu your own choice -Tree
We want you to see our_
Grand, Holiday Display of Beautiful
> and Newest Creations /
Elite China ware, Limoges China, French
'China, Dinner Sets, Salad Sets, Chocolate
Sets, Rich Cut Glass Ornaments, Vases,
Bric-a-Brac, Lamps, English Porcelain Ware* t
Novelties, and Dolls. j
Fancy Articles of Every Description. Prettiest, '
Daintiest and Newest Things made, Collected /
from the Markets of the World.
Top Quality Teas, Coffees, Spices, Extracts,
Baking Powder, Cocoa, Chocolates,
We want you to see our very reasonable prices.
We want you to come just to look.
Take advantage of this very, liberal offer,
CUT HERE CUT HERE
CUT OUT THIS COUPON, faring it to any of our stores before
2 December JO, 1904, and receive with each purchase as listed n
•£ above a very handsome present of your own lelection.
=, ; SAN FRANCISCO CALL, Dec 8 , J904 =
3 Come just to look. » ,
fJ Bring this Coupon with you to any of our stores.
■ . NOT GOOD AFTER DECEMBER 1O. 1904
Cl'T HERE CUT HERE
Greet American Importing Tea Co.
" i ■ *"~~ " v '■■■•- ■■: 1 i*}'. f
CTTT STORES: ' :■■'•■-:
861 Market st. 813 Sntt« rt. 705 Larkla it. S733 24tnit.
140 Sixth it. 3008 FlUmore it. 146 If lath rt. 206 Third rt.
475 Haiarbt rt. 355 Hayes rt. 52 Market rt. 4B9 rourth rt.
J?J2 H*,^^! 4 * 10 "*• 3ooe Sixteenth rt. 521 Montsroraery are. 38C Third rt.
1419 Polk rt. 3285 Mission rt. 2516 Mission st,
OAKLAND. ALASEEDA AND BEEKX1EY STORES:
1053 Wa«3itng-ton st. 1510 Seventh St. Berkeley, 2141 Center rt
1185 23d ave. 616 £. 12th st. Alameda. 1355 Park st.
STOBES XZT OTHEE CITIES AND TOWNS:
San Jom, 12S S. First it. San Bernardino, 421 Third st Lone Beach. ICO Pin* aT*.
fcicTitrrvnto. 426 K st. Eanta Barbara. 734 State »t. Merced. 40S Main xt.
tiaerasieDto. S04 J st. £an D1»ko, K2 Fifth st. NaradaClty.Plne stMaa-tlds.
Eanta Cruz. 140 Pacific trc SanljiliObispo.723Uipieraat. R^dlands, 13 E. SUt» st. ,
Stocktcn. 443 K. Main st. Tulare. Kern «t-. near K. Santa Monica. 227 Thtrd st
Gtlroy. 13 N. Monterey st. Virrtnla City, ess Csu Banta Ana, 2C9 E. Fourth rt.
L«s Gatos. East Main st. Ventura. 206 Main at. V1«alla. 218 Main st.
SanLeandro,SanL>orenzoaT«. Crockett. ■ VToodland. C33 Main st.
Lo»ADi.'eles, 4 25S. Broadway. Lincoln. - 'Watsonvllle. 323 M^ala st.
LcsAnxeles.2S23Pasadena ar. Winters. Brnlct^. fl First st.
Sait Lake. 245 Main st. Redwood City. Chico.Bdwy..N»t.3d Attit vta.
Portland. .131 Washington st. Sutter Cr«ek. CaxsonClty.Cars'n st.nr.Ktnc
Portland. 223 First st. Napa. 5 Main st. Brtsrham City. Main st.
Eeattle. 008 Second ar*. Fetaluma. S2A Main st. Modesto, 10th »t.. bet. HAL
Seattla, 30A Pike st. El. Helena. Main st. OroTllle. 308 Meyers st.
Tacoma. 937 C st. Eanta Rosa. 411 Fourth st. Ptoto. Academy are.
Spokane. 010 Spraxn* »t«. Vallejo, 338 Georgia st. Parkdty.Maln st.ScaleMs bs>
Oeden. 340 Twenty-fifth st. Haywards.Bst..bet.MalaAlst. RedBluff.Main St Oak stx
Bakersfleld. 1313 19th st. £an Rafael. S23 Fourth st. Salinas. 234 Main st.
Fr»sno. 1145 J st. Pasadena. 180 E. Colorado st. Ore«onClty.M4ln st,soiStX>
M»rysyille. S?2 D st Astoria. B71 Cotnmerclal st He-Odslorz.
Pomona. 402 W. Second st En«ene. 30 E. Ninth st. Placenrllle.
Reno. 19 Commercial row. Eureka, eor. Fifth and F sta. Ocean View.
Redd'.nir. 421 Market st Grass Valley. R6 Mill st Calistoga »
Riverside, 931 Main st Hanfcrd. 20© N. IrwliTst Sonoma.
Our 1 00 Stores Help Us to Help You.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
UNITED STATES BRANCH
OF THE
HELVETIA SWISS FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF ST. GALL. SWITZERLAND. ON THE
31st day of December. A. D. 1903. and for
the year endln? en that day. as made to tho
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the .provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by - the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks V iJii
and* Bonds owned by Company. .$589.fiO7 K0
Cash tn Company's office 734 51
Cash In Banks 272 t>l
Interest due and I accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 5.5CO 00
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 5, 61 S 33
TotalAssets $601.133 2 -I
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $ IS 50
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 4.402 50
Grcss premiums on Fire Risks run- I
ning one year and less. $17,793 72;
reinsurance 50 per cent S.9S9 38
Grcss premiums on Fire Risks run- »
ning more than one year. $16,- I .
C19 06; reinsurance pro rata 4,460 80
Commissions and Brokerage due and ■
to become due.. 1.4S3 SO
Return Premiums and Reinsurance
• Premiums 654 20
Total Liabilities .■■■>20»t3 Tfi
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fir*
Premiums • $11,751 M
Received for : interest and dividends
on Bond?. Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources 20,217 SS
Profit on *ale cf Ledger Assets 506 25
Recslved from Home Office 22.600 00
Total Income ...»"». Q7S 71
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses <in-
cludlns *i.5SS 31. loss** of prev-
lous years) • • -• $31.690 35
Paid or allowed for Commission or - •
Brokerage .'■• 3,445 74
I'aid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 3,250 CO
Paid for Stat»-. National and Local .
Taxes • • .".... 702 8«
All other payments and expenditures S6.S57 11
Total Expenditures »7.VtU<t <*>
■t Fire.
Losses incurred during the year.... $2S.0u2 40
Risks and Premiums.!! Fire Risks. Premiums. -
Net amount of Risks!
■written during the
year I $1,130,327 00 $24.135 16
Net amount of RIsksj •
expired during the |
year.... ....I 5.332,506 CO " S2.454 26
Net amount !n force' • t
December 31. lUOn.I 2.232.S0S OO; 34,447 78
. , • SAMUEL K. WEED.
Of and for Weed & Kennedy. Managers.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 29tb
day of January, 1904.
C. F. ; FISHBECK. Notarr Public.
SYZ & GO.,~Geheral Agents,
308 California Street,
- ■
1 San Francisco. Cal.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
—^-OF TH&-—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
HAMBURG BREMEN
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HAMBURG. IN THE EMPIRE OF GER-
many. on the 31st day of December, A. D.
19C3. and for the year ending on that day, a»
made to the Insurance Commissioner of th«
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of Sections C10 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per black furnished by the Com-
missioner.
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company... $1,622,049 25
Cash in Banks 53.477 39
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion U.. 153.654 31
Total Assets $1,834,177 93
LIABILITIES.
Lcsses adjusted and unpaid J1S.H5 •«!
Losses tn process of Adjustment or
In Suspense es.955 CO
Loasesfsesisted. including expenses. 17,500 Cu
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- ,
ning one year or less. $1,301.-
15S 83; reinsurance 50 per cent. 650.379 43
Grcss premiums on Fir* Risks run-
ning more than one year, $1,236.-
149 83; reinsurance pro rata 642.305 S3
Total Liabilities $1,397,435 25
INCOME.
Net cash actually received . for
Fire premiums $1,637,431 29
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and
from all other sources 5S.570 64
Total Income $1,756,001 95
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
< including $78,374 18, losses of
previous years> $555,319 92
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 333.710 53
Paid for SaTari«"». Fues and ether
charges for officers, clerks, etc 131.231 51
Paid fcr State, National and Local
taxes •• £>.Stf«
All other payments and expendi-
tures ; » 106.664 5»
Total Expenditures $1.4S1 "CS 51
Vlre.
Log*e» Incurred during th# year. ..»«O.2S3 93
Risks and Premiums, j Fire Risks, j Premiums.
Net amcunt of Risksj
$149,458,017 $2.048.231 »
Net amount erf Rl«St»|
5S£?j£?E43 1^.792.401 ununM
~ ~~ F. O. AFFELD. C. 'S. Manaser.
• Subscribed and sworn to b«fors me. this
23d day of January. lrtQ4. •
CHARLES ETXJAR MILLS.
Commissioner of Deeds for California in New
Tcrk. '—^
RUDOLPH HIROLD Jr., General-Agent
HARRJ C BOYD, Aas't Gen'l Agent..
415 CALIFORNIA ST.,
I San Francisco, Csl.
WEEKLY CALL, $1.00 FES Y7.AR.
78
THE SAN FRAN CISCO GALL
JOHX D. SPRECKELS A .Proprietor
ADDRESS ALL COMMUNICATIONS TO , ■ ' f
JOHN McVACGHT V-j • - - • • ._^. . . aiimajrer
PUBLICATION* omCB THIRD AND MARKET STREETS. BAN FRANCI9CO
THURSDAY DECEMBER 8. 1904
THE END OF THE FAIR^
THE great St. Louis Exposition is over. The g^tes are closed.
The dream city that cost millions will melt away and leave not
a wrack behind. It was devised to celebrate one of the greatest
events in history, one that changed the course of nations, affected
their development and growth and impressed their career. Withouc
the Louisiana purchase the United States would never have crossed
the Mississippi River, and would have had no Pacific- Coast. Where
now American States flourish with millions of people, speaking the
same language, united in the same destiny, inspired by the same
genius and dwelling in freedom under the same institutions, another
riag would flutter, another language be spoken and narrower insti
tutions would hamper the development of man.
It was a great event and the St. Louis Exposition has greatly
celebrated it. Considered in its own line and type, that exposition
has been of such noble proportions and measure as to deserve to
stand, as it will, alone among the efforts of man to assemble in one
place the material achievements of the world. These expositions of
the arts and crafts and sciences of the world began in London in
1 85 1 , and have recurred at stated periods until now. The United
States has been the promoter of f«">ur. one in the Crystal Palace in
New York, the Centennial at Philadelphia, the Columbian at Chi
cago and this greatest of them all at St.* Louis.
It was not merely the greatest of the American expositions, but
the greatest the world has seen. As it cannot be excelled, it. is prob
able that it will be the last on a grand scale. St. Lonls planned it
open-eyed to the fact that it would not pay in money. Its cost was
so colossal that admissions and fees on a scale to' meet it would have
been prohibitory! That city unselfishly assumed the task of dis
playing the industrial, artistic, moral and scientific condition of the
world at the beginning of the twentieth century without regard to
the return in money. The aim of the projectors was to. have the
greatest exposition in history and it was attained. The educative
effect will long be felt as the. impulse of the industries of every na
tion. In millions of memories and notebooks are treasured the les
son. Emulation was stimulated, methods reformed and skill and
ambition spurred among the people of the world. In material things
the nations learned to more sincerely respect each other." Barriers
were broken down and strangers fellowshipped each other on a scale
not known before. Nor did the lesson stop with the materialities and
dynamics of the world. In the international congresses held there
the moral and scientific forces of the globe met in grand council, and
learning and letters displayed their ineffable treasures for the welfare
and enlightenment of man. It was in this sense and meaning of the
term that St. Louis determined "to make the exposition pay, and
there is no room for doubt that in these ways it was the best paying
enterprise ever planned and undertaken by man.
The martial conquests of Xapoleon have all lapsed. The na
tions to which he gave kings, and the peoples whose government
he changed like a garment, know no more of the authority he es
tablished with the sword. The political geography of Europe re
tains no frontier that he fixed. Xo dynasty that he enthroned sits
among the kings. It all rose like a mirage, and glittered and van
ished and is not. Pilgrims look upon his gorgeous tomb in the In
valides and are thrilled that behind the gilt lies the dust in which
once flitted the dream of universal empire that before. him had in
spired Alexander and Caesar. But in all the world there is no ves
tige left of his attempt and theirs to crystallize that vision of glory.
"The wind has blown it all away. Where are the dreams of yes
terday?" _-j.j*t . . : i^;:l
Yet the fame and glory of Napoleon were written large where
he never expected them to be remembered and in a land that he never
saw. When he offered Louisiana to the United States and to liberty,
in exchange for the gold that equipped his army for Austerlitz,' he
touched the key that opened the world's exposition at St. Louis. He
gave power and dominion to the republic : he poured the blessing of
self-government like a shower of gold upon millions to be and
transformed a struggling nation and gave it the hegemony of a hem-
When President Francis closed the Exposition with a gesture of
benediction over the pearl white palaces, and the pathetic quotation.
"Farewell, a long farewell to all thy greatness," he uttered only the
threnody of the bright scene* that had sheltered man's testimony to
his skill and power. The. real greatness will not depart. Its effect
will be as permanent as the aspirations of the race. .— f
CHINESE IMMIGRATION.
IT is easy to believe that the new Chinese exclusion treaty which is
being negotiated at Washington between Secretary Hay And Sir
Chentung Liang-Cheng is attended with very considerable diffi
culties. The double object of the new treaty is to still further safe
guard the United States against the flood of Chinese immigration,
and at the same time to mitigate the supposed indignities which
Chinamen of the better class are compelled to undergo upon arrival
at American ports. ;• : ~<'<
There is of course no cruel or vindictive feeling in America upon
the subject of Chinese immigration. There is at the same time a
determination as strong as it ever was to resist any . relaxation of
vigilance in the matter of Chinese exclusion, and this is perfectly
compatible with a heart}- desire to extend every courtesy to reputable
visitors from all parts of the world. Xo one understands the prob
lem more thoroughly than Secretary Hay, and we may rest assured
that neither the interests of the country nor its deserved reputation
for hospitality will suffer at his hands, or as a result of the negotia
tions which he is now conducting with the Chinese Minister. .
THE ADULTERATION OF DRUGS.
THE experiment which has been carried out b'y the Illinois State
Board of Pharmacy haf* produced a serious and disquieting re
sult. One hundred" and thirty-nine .tfial prescriptions were sent
for preparation to a like number of druggists, and the returns upon
analysis showed that twenty-three contained no trace whatever of
the drug demanded, eighty-five contained impurities ranging in vol
ume from 10 to 80 per cent, and only thirty-one were accurately pre
pared. Small wonder that Chicago physicians have marveled $t the
apparent non-efficacy of the remedies they prescribed.
The adulteration^ of drugs is an offense far more serious even
than the adulteration of food, and it may be that a practice so perni
cious and so conscienceless will receive a much needed check by, the
prosecutions which are to be undertaken against one hundred of the
offending pharmacists. Even if they were themselves misled by dis
honest salesmen, a lesson in caution will be advantageous to them
as it will unquestionably be to the community at large.
THE. PRESS OF THE NATION.
We understand now why bow-legged men are barred from the navy. They
ere not built for football players.— New York Herald. ' u^:V*;,
President Roosevelt is said to be willing to show Colombia how to pay her
debt*. Many people will naturally envy Colombia. — Washington Post. .
With that Republican majority in Congress the country is not going to be
worried about the surplus.— St. Paul Globe.
The President will soon need his "big stick" to club off the pie hunters.—
Norfolk Landmark.' - „
The man who Bits' down and waits for something to turn up never fails to
uttract the attention of the officers of thelaw. — Memphis News. ..
There has been no time !n-the history. of American politics when the
strangest religious and most impossible political creeds or fads did not-flrid
hosts of followers. There is always a multitude of people. Including the. vast
army of discontented, that is reafy to unite against settled, orderly conditions,
bet it is a multitude that is always doomed to defeat by' the sober, solid sense
and the good conscience of the majority of the people. — Philadelphia Ledger.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALU /THURSDAY. DECEMBER 8. 1904
BERT'S GOOD LUCK
BY KATE, M. CLEARY.
w IMMY popped his head, in at the
I door.
I "Say." he shouted, "Mrs.
I Brently wants you and papa to
J go over to Beechwood with her!
She's got the surrey out on the
road." *
In all theyconfusion of a newly oc
cupied cottage Mrs. Barrows, lifting
an etching to her husband, who stood
For omv horrified Instant he
ihrdly dared look.
half way up a stepladder, could only
s<hake her head in declination.
"Tell her I'm ever so much obliged,
Jimmie, but It's impossible."
"Hold on. Jim!" called his father.
"I'm not so sure of that, Minna. You're
tired out. Your old nervous headache
will come back if you keep on fussing
around the house. The rest of these
pictures can wait- Or Bert will help
me."
He looked interrogatively at the
ycung man stretched out in a low rat
tan steamer chair, a magazine in one
hand and a cigarette in the other.
"To be sure I will!" he answered
heartily. "Go on, Minna! The drive
will do you good."
Little Mrs. Barrows, .plump, dim
pled and black-eyed, held up a positive
forefinger. ».-■
VI don't go without Henry," she de
clared. "If any one needs' an outing
it's this poor fellow, who is tied to a
stool behind a brass railing six days
out of seven."
"Like 'bird in a gilded cage!'." sang
Herbert Barrows gayly.
Minna' Barrows looked affectionately
at. her husband. "Precisely:" Come
or, Henry! I'll be ready in a flash -if
you'll come too!"_ 9*'
The stepladder . groaned as the big
man stepped down.
"You're an awful tyrant, Minna!"
He gave her a caressing pat on the
shoulder as he passed. "But we wHl
knock off work if you say so."
The two, freshly groomed and cris'ply
clad, looked in on Herbert to say a
word of adieu before joining their
friend. .'.'■:£■&
"Don't let any one steal you," ad
vised Henry Barrows. \ <
"I won't," he laughed back. "Hand
some men are scarce."
"Conceited monster!" cried his sister
in-law, and made a feint of throwing
her parasol a; him- r 0» X;
"You better hurry!" counseled Jim
my, aged six. "Mrs. Brentley's horsts'll
get tired waiting. Don't bother about
Uncle Bert. Aunt Vivia will take care
of him."
Herbert Barrows sat suddenly erect.
"Vivia!" he repeated. "Are you ex
pecting Vivia? You did not say any
thing about it."
Husband and wife exchanged a guilty
glance.
"Well, we knew that you and Vivia
were not the best of. friends in the
world," Mrs. Barrows began, falter
ingly.
"I'll go up town on the 3:30 train,"
decided Herbert. His clean-cut, clean
shaven young face looked tremendously
determined. He had gone oddly pale
under his coppery tan. "She. doesn't get
here until 7, I suppose?"
"She didn't say what train she'd take
down," answered Henry Burrows, "but
you're an awful idiot, if you let a slip
of a girl like Vivia frighten you away.
If I'd been so easily Intimidated,"
glancing fondly at his wife, "I.'d never
have won this little woman here."
Herbert sprang up, tall, nervous, ath
letic, his hands thrust in his pockets.
"It's altogether different. Minna nev
er 'threw you over. Vivia has 1 broken
off our engagement. It would be em
barrassing for her to find me here." .
Minna twirled her parasol, a little
JUST SMILES
A TASK.
Johnny — Say, Madge, can you keep
a secret?
Madge— Yes, but I can't help ; ; any
one else keep one.
flicker of amusement coming into her
eyes.
"Don't you worry about Vivia," she
advised.
"I wish she'd worry a bit about me,"
remarked Herbert gloomily. "But she
won't. She. doesn't care a snap for me,
or she'd have given me a chance to ex
plain—"
Jimmie gave a summoning howl from
the hall.
]"Say, Mrs. Brentley'll drive oft an*
leave you folks if you don't get a move
on you." *• - •'•-. • "y
The laggards, with a fusillade of good
advice directed toward Herbert, took
their hurried departure, but that young
gentleman had already pulled a time
table from his pocket and was studying
it in much despondency of spirit. A
whoop from his-'effervescent nephew
startled him.
"Look, Uncle Bert, what I found!" A
battered horseshoe was held triumph
antly aloft in a grimy little hand.
"That's for good luck, every time. Nail
it u? over the door, will you? Mam
ma'll be awful glad to have It there.
Khe bad one nailed up In our house
in' town. Here's the hammer."
"Herbert Barrows, the -friend of chil
dren In general and of this small
nephew in particular, rose obediently.
i "Look out for those pictures!" cau
tioned Jimmy.
. They were ranged along th$ wall
preparatory to hanging etchings,
passepartouts, aquarellas and one long
Venetian mirror. ,
"Jimmy," sighed the uncle of that
estimable small boy. "if your advice
were only as valuable as it is frequent
what an admirable young person
you'd be to have for a constant com
panion. Hallo!-. Great Scott! Look
out there!"
Too late! Leaning forward from
the stepladder to fasten the horse
shoe in the direct center of the cas
ing over the door, the liutter of a blue
gown on the porch had caught his
eye. And as the wearer stepped
lightly over the threshold the nerv
ousness engendered by'his sudden rec
ognition caused the bit of battered
iron to fly from his fingers. ' For one
horrified instant he hardly dared
look. Then he saw it had only grazed
the arm of the girl entering and, de
flecting, had crashed into the gleam
ing recesses of the Venetian mirror.
'Oh, what bad luck!" she cried, re
garding the shattered fragments.
"But my horseshoe would have
.brought good luck, Aunt Vivia, if he
hadn't let it fall," protested Jimmy in
dignantly.
"I'm so sorry," apologized Herbert
in a low voice. : "I was unpardonably
awkward.
The girl, exquisitely attired, young
a/id graceful, glanced from one to the
other, then at the broken looking
glass. She sank down on a rattan di
van and burst into helpless laughter.
"It's too absurd. The idea of break
ing a mirror with a horseshoe. What
a^ combinations good and bad luck."
For the time being she had forgot
ten the peculiarity of her present re
lations with the culprit.
"It's all his fauit," sturdily insisted
Jimmy, picking up. his treasured pos
session. "My, won't mamma give it
to you, Uncle Bert, .when nh* flnris out
you've broken MiEsSibley's mirror."
Some of r the pink bloom went but
of Miss Grant Vj face. ■ ~ -
"Did LaYira.-.. Sibley gj.ve Minna —
give your mother — that.., Jtaimy? 1 '
Her- ivoice sounded so -cold Jimmy
looked 'quickly ,\up in intuitive interro
gation..;^' -- ; .,> * - r! *^
"Yes^lrist; Christmas. -Why, Aunt
Vivia?" ■■" '. . . ;
-"Oh. — nothing!" returned Vivia
Grant.
A strange, swift suspicion shot
through the mind of Herbert Bar
rows. He leaned forward eagerly.
Thoughts, recollections, were crowd
ing up in b«wlldering succession.
"Vivia — tell me!" he half pleaded —
half commanded. "Was it because of
mi'-rmy attention, to -Miss Sibley at
the commencement - dance that you
sent me back my ring? Frank Len
nard. was away that .night and he
feared Laura would feel lonely. So,
a3,we both had belonged to the same
fraternity — '■ — "
"Frank Lennard!" Vivia exclaimed.
"You don't mean to say — 'r-''.-.
"Why, of course! I suppose you
knew they are to be married, In Oc
tober, dearest. What's that— you're
hurt?"
A thin red line showed through the
pale, transparent stuff of her sleeve.
Ho had pushed the material up in an
instant and was binding the slight
wound by his handkercheif.
"It's only a scratch; Bert!" She was
laughing — a trifle hysterically. "We've
— we've both been — at least I've
been — awfully foolish!"
"Jimmy," said Barrows, "I'll give
you 50 cents If you'll take /that broken
glass out and throw it hvthe ditch."
"Betcher life!" responded Jimmy.
He loaded a basket and started off.
"To think that a broken mirror
should bring— — " the girl, was saying.
"Hello, \ Jimmy! < Back - so soon?
Here's your half!" Herbert dipped the
one hand at liberty, into his pocket.
He brought" out a 'dollar/ 1 "Say." he
bargained. "I'll give you all of this if
you stay out and watch— sentry fash-
Ion— like a soldier, you know, that no
one takes that glass out of the ditch!"
"Will I?" replied Jimmy. "Put it
here. I knew, my horseshoe would
bring me luck!"
The face against Herbert's shoul
der was- jifted mischievously.
. ."It. is brood luck, Bert?" she ques
tioned quizzically.
"The best in the world," he de-
emphatically. .. He. . concluded
his sentence with a-^oyer's period.
"Gee!" said 'Jimmy softly, looking
back over. his shoulder. '.'Gee!"
(Copyright, 1904. by Kate M. Cleary.)
THE PROBLEM.
Auto Bill— Jersey, how are you
goln' to spend the summer?
Jersey— Oh! ; same as 'usual;*, t'lnkin'
out, how to spend next winter.
JAr woman's -club Is; a ? formidable
weapon to. hold- over a man's -head."
YEARS OF DISCRETION
IN CONNECTION WITH
MATRIMONIAL STEP
BY DOROTHY FENIMORE
I 1 NDER modern conditions n\rst
/ I love is usually nothing more than
.^J an educational experience. The
time is past when a young cou
ple of ordinary fortune can safely
begin married life with a simple pro
vision for the present and a faith . in
the future. So that first love, which
in luckier days implied marriage, now
implies itself merely. It is looked upon
ar an ephemeral passion, butterfly
hued, and light on the wing.
Recently the clerk of the marriage
license bureau made the Interesting
statement that for the last twenty-two
years the average age of marriage has
not varied from 25 years for man and
24 years for woman. While the actual
number of licenses taken out by the
very young and by the very old has
Increased with the growth of the popu
lation, the proportion has not changed
enough to Affect statistics appreciably*
■ "This general postponement of mar
riage until maturity means, without
doubt, many heartaches for early
youth. Boys and girls fall in love with
rach other without regard to the out
come — or to the Income, for that mat
ter. Sometimes they defy common
sense and marry on nothing a year, to
their ultimate regret. But more often
they fall out of love as naturally and
as comfortably as they fell in. And
each puts to good use in succeeding
love affairs the knowledge gained from
the first experiment.
, At, the beginning of the twentieth
century^ when ; bread costs, what cake,
used to, and turkey is to many a city
hcusehold . an unsubstantial holiday
dream, marriage is the wildest extrav
agance of which youth In its teens is
capable, unless It can go right on liv
ing 'at. home with papa. The license
and the ring. are the cheapest part of
it,'; even when they do take all your
pocket money.
A boy is not qualified to take care
of V wife. He is hardly competent to
take care of himself. When starting
out in business life he has need, for
his own use, of all the resources at
his command. A wife and family are
no, help to him; they keep him depend
ent by cutting off that freedom of
choice in work which is likely to open
for him the road to success..
Then his tastes are not yet formed.
His judgment is not firm enough."' He
is -not ready to take his place among
men as the head of a household and
the, father -of a family. When married
he. is still a boy and one who Is enter
ing manhood with a heavy handicap.
And. the girl who marries early is
robbing herself of one-half of the zast
ot" life. She is making a short hurdle
race: out of girlhood, courtship and
marriage.
Is the game worth the candle?
. I say that any stake is too great
when it is your happiness. And that
is what you jeopardize when you take
so madly your matrimonial fences.
But first love as an educational ex
perience is .distinctly worth while for
either sex- It is a course of training
which is of general utility. It is as
good as a year at military school to
teach a young fellow to hold up his
head.
It Is a pleasant and inexpensive kind
of beauty culture for young women. It
develops both sexes intellectually, emo
tionally, morally. And It gives y them
an artistic ''sense of perspective and
chiaroscuro. .
No, I have listened respectfully to
all; the weighty remarks that clerical
gentleman have made In favor of early
marriages' and " have not been con
vinced, invspite of my receptive atti
tude. Without question marriage is a
lottery. Even those who have drawn
prizes are willing to admit this fact.
And I do not believe that before years
of discretion' come the exhilaration of
the risk warrants one's taking it.
THE REFORMATION
OF WILLIE.
Little Willie looked ugpn
The calendar one day; • .
"Jimmunny!" he said, said he,
•'Chrlstmas« only seems to be
,._'Bout,a month away."
Willie's mother called for him.
Did he linger? Xay!
Willie's mother was made sick
By the shock— rhe was so quick
Going to obey.
Identified.
Miss Pert— Which half is it that
doesn|t know how : the other half lives?
Miss Caustique— The ' better . half.—
Philadelphia Record.
Townsend's California Glace, fruits In
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market st.
and Wakelee's Drus Store. •
Special ■ Information supplied dally to
business -houses and public men by tb«
Prfess Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 30 Call
rornia street... Telephone Main 1042, •
THE SMART SET
BY SALLY SHARP.
No prettier sight has been wit
nessed this season than the gathering
of beaux .and belles last evening at the
dance given by Miss Lucy Gwin Cole
man. The maple room of the Palace
Hotel was charmingly adorned by- the
arrangement in decora tjon, the larger
part of which was of festooned greens
and potted plants. The marble room.
In which supper was served, was
equally bright with its ornamentation
of autumn foliage and holly berries.
Guests, of which there were nearly a
hundred, arrived about 9:3G and
dancing began soon after. With the
buds in predominance there were also
several of the older set, all of whom
were equally expressive of the pleas
ure given them by the young hostess.
Among the happy dancers were noted
Miss Dorothy Eells, Miss Carol Moore.
Miss Anita Harvey, Miss Maisie Lang
horne, Miss Natalie Coffin, Miss Elsie
Tallant, Miss Margaret Newhall. Miss
Margaret Hyde-Stnith, Miss Gertrude
Hyde-Smith, Miss .Edna Davis. Miss
Gertrude Josselyn. Miss Marjorie Jos
selyn. Miss Christine Pomeroy, Miss
Marie Louise Parrott. Miss Isabel
Glennon. Miss Lutie Collier, Lieuten
ant Locke, Lieutenant Robinson. Lieu
tenant Kempff. Lieutenant Anderson.
Captain Je.well, Lieutenant Owens,
puval Moore, Perry Evans, Early
Craig, William Goldsborough. Philip
Paschel. Sherril Schell, Emerson War
fleld. Midshipman Hayward.
Miss Adeline Knapp, the well
known writer, has taken one of the
Bruce Porter cottages in Mill Valley
for the winter and is doing some de
lightful entertaining. Next Sunday a
dozen people will go from town to
spend the afternoon and evening with
Miss Knapp. Among them "will be
Miss Miriam Michelson, Miss Michel
son, Miss Marie Withrow, Misa Eva
Withrow, Miss Ednah Robinson. Mr.
and Mrs. Chester Bailey Fernald, Mr.
and Mrs. Jules Mersf elder, Charles H.
Lombard, John Gamble, Bruce Por
ter, Eric Julihn, Harry Mestayer and
Mr. and Mrs. H. A. Foster.
Mrs. A. McLalne has met with an
unfortunate accident, having fallen
and sustained a compound fracture of
the ankle.
• • •
Miss Edna Davis gave a tea on
Tuesday, which, though informal,
brought many guests who passed a
delightful afternoon. Among them
were Miss Margaret Hyde-Smith. Miss
Gertrude Hyde-Smith, Miss Charlotte
Wilson, Miss Emily Wilson, Miss
Maisie Langhorne, Miss Juli:;. Lans
horne. Miss Edith Berry, Miss Ger
trude Jolllffe, Miss Lucy Coleman,
Miss Carmelita Selby, Miss Eliza
Kline, Miss Alice Sullivan, Miss Maude
Payne, Miss Ursula Stone, Miss Flor
ence Hammond, Miss Edith Treanor,
MIRROR OF DAME FASHION
Here Is a Nezv Design for a Matron's Cape. It May Be Made
of Heavy Cloaking, Unlined, or of Novelty Mixed Woolen,
in Colors, With Fancy Silk Lining. Openings in Front for
the Hands Make It Very Convenient.
WIFE OF MOUNTAINEER COMPLAINS
OF THE GAME LAWS.
Editor The Call: Being a moun
taineer's wife, and mother of quite
a family, I should like to say a few
words for the old man. the boy and
the people that own the • land that
raises the game. I have never seen
anything In favor of them, or. rather.
I think those that make the game
laws never consider the ones that
raise the game. A writer in The
Call says: "When the law went into
force that the quail should not be sold
there* was : a gr,eat cry, but still we
live, and the rich buy something else,
and we are just as well ofT."
But he did not mention what the
old man suffered from the loss of
wiann clothing, or the boy that went
barefooted through the winter.
Neither. did he say. anything about
the way the deer keep the orchards
and vineyard* back by eating them
off. When your orchards come Into
bearing, your prunes are picked.
Miss Helene Irwin. Miss Sidney Davis
and Miss Sybil Hodges.
A charming dinner was given an
evening or two ago by Mrs. William
Mintzer in honor of Miss Lolita Me-
Connell and Robert Grayrigfft?. With
pink shaded candelabra and roses of
like hue the table was a pretty sight
and about it were seated, in addition
to the guests of honor. Miss-Charlotte
Wilson. Miss Elizabeth Livermore.
Miss Natalie Coffin, Mists Dorothy
Eells, Arthur Kelly. Mr. Brooke, Mr.
Burnett and Herbert Bak?r
Mr. and Mrs. Truxtun B>ale leavj
to-day for Bakersfleld.
Captain and Mrs. Logan, with tha
Misses Logan, are at the Colonial.
Mr. and Mrs. I. L. Haase entertained
a few guests at a musical evening
given in their apartments at the Palace
Hotel recently. The affair, given in
honor of Mr. and Mrs. Louis Seligman
of New York, was very pleasurable and
the music most artistic. Those taking
part, were Mrs. Haase, who gave th<»
flre music from "Die Walkure," for
piano; Miss Eleanor Connell, who sang
"Elsa's Dream" and "Dich Theur*
Halle." Aside from those mentioned
there were Mr. and Mrs. Haller. E.
Seligman and half a dozen others.
Mrs. C. O. G. Miller will be the guest
of honor at a tea given by Mrs. H. M.
A. Miller In Century Hall, Thursday,
December 15.
Miss Herrin will entertain Miss
Thornton at a luncheon on Decem
ber 15-
The Mothers' Club will . hold a rag
carpet bazaar at South Park Settle
ment to-night at 86 South Park.
St. Luke's Church Sunday school
room, Van Ness avenue and Clay
street, was again crowded yesterday
when the efforts of the Twenty-minute
Society, composed of ladies of the par
ish who have pledged themselves to
work twenty minutes each day for
charity, were well rewarded. A host of
benevolently Inclined folks whose purse
strings were freely untied made the
rounds of the handsomely laden booths
and many were the purchases. The
book booth contained literary gems and
there was a rush for literature. Fancy
work went, as on the previous days
of the bazaar, with a boom, and the
art booth was Incessantly besieged.
The officers of the Twenty-minute So
ciety are: Mrs. Philllppe Caduc. presi
dent: Mrs. Henry Scott, Mrs. Sidney
M- Smith, Mrs. Louis Monteagle. vice
presidents; Mrs. George W. Kline,
treasurer; Miss Eleanor Davenport,
secretary.
slipped and put on trays to dry in
come the deer at night and eat them.
Also, when the, grapes are nearly' ripe
and you are counting on the money
to pay your taxes and other things,
several hundred quail will come, and
nearly take the Vineyard. The law
will not permit us to shoot those
quail, to sell or kill a female deer,
or have a hide found in our posses
sion.
If. however, stock gets into an
other man's pasture he can collect
damages. If you keep chickens In a
town and they run on another per
son's lawn, there is a row right away,
and those chickens are quickly taken
care of. But the game can take the
whole outfit and for those that suf
fer there is no redress. You pay
your Commissioners. Why not allow
the old man, the boy and the ones
that raise the game something?
JENNIE GILBERT.
Santa Rosa. Dec 4.HANDSOME SOUVENIRS FOR
"KING DODO" AUDIENCE
Press (£lus gnow . To-Qight
The rood luck that Is supposed to be
inspired by the presence of the prover
bial black cat will undoubtedly be
brought Into play to-night by the sleek
rr.ascot of the Press Club, "Toomey" —
or more correctly. Tombstone Second.
*'Toomey" will be at the production of
"King Dodo" at the TIvoII Opera-house,
even If he has to be carried there in a
basket. He has not left the Press Club
rooms on Ellis street since the last en
tertainment, at Fischer's Theater, one
year ago, but to-night he will be there
with all four feet when the curtain
rises for an encore.
There are a few seats left for the
Prefs Club benefit, but not very many.
President Holliway said last night that
he did not think that there would be a
vacant chair in the house when the
play starts. "And," he added. "I would
like to call attention to the souvenir
programme, which alone is worth the
price of admission."
The programme Is in colors, the
frontispiece being a splendid specimen
of artistic taste," which was executed
by Artist Haig Patigian. There are
About twenty-flve Illustrated short
stories, poems and sketches by news,
paper men. The art work Is by mem
bers of the newspaper art staffs of the
local press.
To miss the Press Club arrangement
cf "King Dodo" would be to miss a
treat.
MARIA KIP
ORPHANAGE TO
GIVE A FAIR
The Maria Kip Orphanage will give
a charity fair on Friday and Saturday
afternoons of this week at its home,
corner of Seventh avenue and Lake
etreet. The managers of the home wish
to raise funds for a new brick oven
and aside from the booths there will
be a programme each day, some of the
Presidio officers lending their assist
ance. On Saturday evening there will
be a dance, attended by the younger
set of society. The booths will be in
charge of the many Episcopal Sunday
schools on both sides of the bay; arti
cles of necessity to be salable for
reasonable sums, while the price of
admission to the fair will be 10 cents.
Fortune telling will be an attractive
feature both days, one of our society
girls essaying it on one occasion, the
ether by Mrs. A. K. Kingsford, an
accomplished palmist. Tbe home is un
der the management of Mrs. Thomas
P. Woodward, Mrs. Sidney Worth,
Mrs. R. B. Sanchez, Mrs. G. H. Buck
ingham. Mrs. Manley H. Simons, Mrs-
Pentz. Mrs. Arthur Holland. Mrs. Bul
lard, Miss Gwin, Miss Eva Maynard,
Miss Heath. One table will be. man
aged by the Junior Daughters . of St.
Luke's, of whom there are these voung
ladies: Miss Elsie Clifford, Miss Hilda
ron Sicklen, Miss Maiste Langhome,
Miss Alma Shane, Miss Edna Davis.
A punch bowLwill be superintended by
Miss Evelyn Clifford. Miss Ethel Wood
ward and Miss Ethel Innis.
THROWS HIMSELF UXDER
WHEELS OP A LOCOMOTIVE
Santa Itosa Man •Commits Suicide
While Despondent Because of
Financial Trouble*.
SANTA ROSA. Dec 7. — A. B. Higr
irin* committed Falclde this morning
by throwing: himself under the wheels
of a locomotive of the Sebastopol
branch line. He was despondent ow
ing: to financial worriei" following re J
cent purchases of property in this
city. Hig-yins came here several
months ago from Point Arena, where
he had a bijr cattle ranch. He leaves
a wife and five children.
GRAPE-XCTS.
Can thinK
•clearly
when you eat
Grape-Nuts
the delicious
Brain Food
There's a reason
HANDSOME SOUVENIR TO BE
GIVEN TO PATRONS OF THE
BENEFIT THIS EVENING
THIRTY NAMES
FOR GRAND JURY
Prominent Witness the
Drawing and Offer Sugges
tions to Test Regularity
At noon yesterday In Presiding Judge
Kerrigan's courtroom County Clerk
John Greif drew the names of thirty
citizens from the Grand Jury box, and
from this list nineteen grand Jurors
will be chosen next Saturday morning
at 11 o'clock-
Yesterday's ceremony was attended
by Frank J. Symmes. president of the
Merchants' Association; Fairfax Whee
lan, who recently undertook the prose
cution of ballot-box stuffers, and As
sistant District Attorney Ferral. The
gentlemen showed a close interest in
the proceedings and offered a sugges
tion or two which, to their mind, would
add to the certainty of the regularity
of the drawing. They inspected the
seal placed on the tin cylinder by Judge
Kerrigan after the drawing of the
names for the Jury last June. They
were shown the slips bearing the names
of the eleven men excused at that time
and these slips, which have been in
Judge Kerrlfiran's custody, were re
turned to th'e box.
The interested spectators were then
informed that there were 125 names in
the box, and Mr. Symmes asked if the
court felt certain that none were miss
ing. The Presiding Judge replied in the
affirmative, . but to gratify the gentle
men he directed that the slips be
counted. They were dumped upon the
desKT^nd as Mr. Greif j-eturned them
one by one to the cylinder Court Clerk
John Riley kept tally. There were 125.
The draw then proceeded, with the
following result:
James H. Doolittle. Hotel St. Nicholas, hotel
Kan; Edward, Convey, 1167 Green street,
butcher; James Denmtn, 2SS0 Steiner street;
Harvey C. Seiners, 1111 Pine street hay and
grain; Walter B. Bundschu, 1*45 Chestnut
street, clerk; Charles P. Baughman. 910 Bel
vedere street, shoe dealer; Philip Fabian, 1322
Broadway, merchant; George A. Hare 1510
Franklin street; William V. Bryan, northeast
corner Pine and Buchanan streets, information
bureau: John A. Speck. 6C7 Market street,
realty; George A. Newhall, 309 Eansome street,
capitalist; J. B. ICeenan. 1210 Clay street
elevators; James B. Smith. 1S46 Page street,
capitalist; Myer Ehrman, 2618 Jackson street,
wholesale grocer; Andrew M. Davis. 1722 Pine
street, secretary Emporium; Maurice Casey
Crocker building, manager McLa.ugh.lin Com
pany; George A. Lent, 2229 Washington street.
real estate; D. II. Lohsen. 1S12 Scott street,
real estate; John Porcher. 715 Golden Gate
avenue, merchant; John T. Sullivan, 20 Fourth
street, shoes: Herman J. Conies. 2196 Fifteenth
et:«et. bookkeeper; W. G. Stafford. 112 Brod
erJck street, fuel; John F. Merrill, 221 Market
street, hardware; Samuel Pauson, 200 Kearny
street, clothier: Thomas P. Andrews. 104
Montgomery street, photo supplies; P. F Mc-
Carthy. 1465 l>-aren worth street, clerk; Ed
ward J. Bowes, 2933 Jackson street, real
estate; Richard Finking, 341 Kearny street
tailor; William Watson. 233* Mission street;
Ilecry Sohroeder. 035 Dolores street.
Young Rus&ian Takes His Life.
Edwin Davidson, a furrier, em
ployed by Henry LJebes, deliberately
suffocated himself, last Tuesday nf ght
by' Inhaling Illuminating gas. He had
been rooming in the residence of Mrs.
Friedman, 25 Madison avenue, and
had been despondent because of sick
ness. He had fastened a leather strap
to his door knob and placed a trunk
against the door to prevent any one
from entering. Then he plugged the
keyhole with a bit of rag, removed the
tip of the gas burner and lay down
to die. He was a native of Russia, 26
years old.
RADCLirKE AGAIN ON TRIAL.— A Jury
Is being Impaneled in Judge Cook's court to
retry Harry Radcllffe, charged with the mur
der of Andrew Riley at Ninth and 'Sheridan
streets on June 2tt. Seven Jurors wererpaM«d
when court adjourned till this morning. They
are: Gus Browning. ~ J. W. Tamisji J. Guns
burger Michael Vaughn. Ed H. Lake. Moses
Danneabaum Alonso Hallet and David H.
Allan. At tfce former trial the Jury stood oiaa
lor acQulttal and three for conviction..
THE SAN. FRANCISCO CALL', THURSDAY; DECEMBER 8. 1904.
OLD PIONEER
DIES ABROAD
News Is Keceived in This
City of the Passing
Away of John Van Bergen
LEAVES LAEGE ESTATE
His Business, Established
Many Years Ago, Is Still
Being Eun Successfully
'News was received in this city yes
terday of the 'death of ; John J. Van
Bergen,, a former pioneer of this city,
who for many years had. been living in
Germany. <*>-? -^V ' .
Mr. Van Bergen is well remembered
by the old-timers. He came around the
Horn in his own ship with his father in
1849 and settled in San Francisco. Fore
seeing a great future for the village,
he and a friend started in the liquor
business' bn"\VashIngton street under
the firm name of Schaefer & Van Ber
gen. Later Van Bergen conducted the
business alone. He was also. interested
in the old Bay Sugar Refinery.
Mr. "Van Bergen established the liquor
house now under the name of N. Van
Bergen & Co. Originally . it was con
ducted under his own name, but later
he sold out to his brother," and the
house is still running under the broth
er's name. '. '•
In 1S63 Mr. Van Bergen's health was
impaired by a sunstroke while he was
in the Sacramento Valley, and her went
to Germany. Since then he has spent
much of his time abroad. He made
his last trip from this city to Germany
in 1891.
Mr. Van Bergen was 86 years of age.
A widow and seven children survive
him. One son. Henry, resides in this
city, another Is in New, York and the
rest of the family Is In Germany. He
leaves an estate said to be worth $1,
000,000.
Let us settle the "Gift Question" for
you. The new Folding Brownie only J5.00
and the best Camera ever offered at the
price — pood enough for grown folks,
simple enough for little folks and a
Christmas delight to either.
Koii-«— J5.00 to $97.00.
KIRK. GEARY & CO..
112 Geary Street. •
FATAL STOMACH BLOW.— R. Taylor, a
sailor of the crew of the United States Revenue
cutter Bear, died at the United States Marine
Hospltar- yesterday, presumably from the ef
tects of a blow in the stomach inflicted by a
man at Sausalito. now und^r arrest at that
town. The sailor and the stranger quarreled
about a dog and came to blows.
w^* ; Any^^TISgtfENTS. • .
THE DELINEATOR 1 s
The January eir.er desig-n if >« ' PW aS t^ e CIT -' e ' P' y^ e " se 'A except-
a marvellously beautiful type > Prt ' ngr tftat '' ns *"* "dvtriise-
of the American Girl, executed \~- |M -- — ft^S^ *Z3&& ' HI- ment *n the back. We trill mail
in pastel by George Gibbs. The ~\\ /^8SbBB&Ub "~ Sa ■'"" " cc ff % rolled in mailing
cut ef i! here ten giv» no idea X f^^&2 m g* • |H tubeu-ithout folding, on receipt i
ef its rare charm tr of the deli- \/ V ""*V V H of ten cents in stamps to cater
cote flirtng. W* hav* frt- S ,1^^ X KU Postage, etc., if you villmen-
framing* It is exactly the same f &H request.
FOR JANUARY
IS OUT TO-DAY!
A Unique Publication- — " the The first number of the best year The
moitN^-ssaryof aUtheMag- ■
azines published for Women " \ magazine.
jo^^^^^^^i 6^ I>uring the coming, year The
More of practical help and interest than Delineator will excel in every
any other magazine published for woman. ... . - , - -
it has long been aii this, v , previousbest numbers
r^_^__^___. Commencing with January, we will receive at least two hundred new
OUR SPECIAL models each month from our special Paris fashion representatives, than
PARIS whom there are none better in that city. Their designs -
DESIGNERS are exc^ us i ve - From these two hundred our New York ONE-FIFTH I
I I experts choose the best for you, and add to them the more
products of our New York designers . /_ " »
One fifth as many more styles will be illustrated and described than j 'styles |
in the previous year — seventy-one in this (January) number.
A year ago there were no fashion plates in color — there will be at least three in each
*. issue during the coming year. T^l'X
] -I And, to accompany all these extra illustrations, there will be many
| ft m added pages .of fashion information ; while an » equal . increase has been
planned in the articles pnhome topics and the literary features. „
Mm The Delineator's Colored Plates
. r ■ I f i
have with this number solved the problem of perfect color printing at high
speed. . The speed is necessary when a million or more copies have to be
/'printed each month ; and in -the j>ast perfect printing has had to be sacrificed to some
extent to the demand for Quantity, and the immediate presentation of current styles. This\
is all changed now, and the color "plates and cover- design in # this (January) number tell
their own story of perfection. . ,• r ' ' . V : * .
The styles for the new year are shown in profusion — the newest millinery, the newest /
dress materials, trimmings, accessories— -with hundreds of illustrations.
The Children's Department is a whole magazine' in itself, with stories, pastimes and
educational articles written and pictured by the master writers and the foremost illustrators
of the day. . :
The January Delineator? is a big book in itself, and its millions of readers would
recommend you to « ■^.'• i
BUY YbUR COPY TO-DAY
if they knew how. to tell you about it. ■■■"
By far the best fifteen cents* worth your newsdealer can sell you! V
ThM Dtlimtaiar tnay b* ttcnrtd tf yur mtwtdmltr, #r mny ButttHch mgemi, tr & tkt fmiUskers at rje. • cepy, fr.OO mytmr.
THE BUTTERICK PUBLISHING COMPANY (Limited), BUTTERICK BUTLDINO, NEW YORK '\
MAKING STRONG
POLL TOGETHER
Banks and Merchants Sign
Petition for. Pneumatic
Mail . Tubes, in the City
UEGIXG. COXGEESSMEN
Commission Will Hear, the
Claims San Franciscans
Advance for Facilities
Forty banks, all the commercial or
ganizations of San Francisco and a
large number of leading business con
cerns have, in the last three days,
signed a petition asking the Califor
nia Congressional delegation . to urge
upon the Postofflce Department the
construction of two pneumatic mail
tubes in this city for the purpose of
expediting the local mall service.
A commission that was sent here
some months ago to investigate the
feasability of having an underground
pneumatic mail tube service reported
favorably. It was recommended by
the commission-that a tube should be
constructed from the foot of Market
street to the new general postofflce at
Seventh and Mission; als'o a tube from
Mission and New Montgomery streets,
postofflce station K, to the railroad
depot at Third and Townsend streets.
The two tubes that were recom
mended some months ago to the Post
office Department, if constructed, will
be two and one-half miles long.
A New Art Gallery.
We have converted our picture room
into a beautiful gallery for the exhibi
tion and sale of moderate priced paint
ings, water colors, pastels, etchings and
fine photographs. Inspection cordially
invited. Sanborn. Vail & Co., 741 Mar
ket-street. •-•c/ i -.,.-<- ■ ,k~.. ■ :- •
McCARTHT MAY COMMIT SUICIDE.— The
officials at the City PrUon are afraid that
Michael McCarthy may commit oulclde. Since
he was booked for murder he has been* de
upondent. While Charles Flnbur* was shaving
him on Tuesday he asked the barber to cut his
throat McCarthy said: "Give me the razor
and I'll do the Job myself. 11 The prisoner In
a fit of jealousy shot his young wife. Octavla,
In a room at 1424 Market street on September
19 and she died la«t Sunday.
All torpidity of the liver is prevented
by Lash's Kidney and Liver Bitters. •
BOT CONFESSES GUILT.— Oakland, Dec.
7._Edward Richardson, 14 years old. pleaded
guilty to-day to Mealing clothing from Frank
Smith's room in the Rene Houne. The boy's
home Is »n Washington State, whence he ran
away on a sailing vessel. Police Judge Mor
tlnw Smith said he should exercise clemency
in the case. 1-.." .""".- i •..
BAKERS' STRIKE
CAUSE OF SUIT
Swain Company Seeks In
junction Against the Acts
of Union Kepresentatives
COUET ISSUES OEDER
Members of Organization to
Abandon Boycott Pending
Hearing of Firm's Action
The F. A. Swain Company was boy
cctted on October ' 3 by the Bakery
and. Confectionery Workers' Interna
tional'Unlon, Local Nol"24,and yester
day^ resenting the attempts of the or
ganization to impede its business and
intimidate Its employes,'- the 'firm ap
plied to the Superior Court for an in
junction. Judge Hebbard issued a
temporary order restraining the union
men from continuing the acts com
plained of pending the trial of the
case. ■ .. .
Swain's bakery is at 209 Post street.
On October 2, it is alleged, represen
tatives of the defendant union, accom
panied by a committee from the union
of Salesmen of Bakery Goods, called
on the management ana demanded the
discharge of three delivery, drivers,
who had been expelled from {he sales
men's organization. The three men
were giving perfectly -satisfactory ser
vice and the firm declined to comply.
Next day. the boycott was declared and
the union "men were ordered^ to strike.
Since then, it is alleged, union- rep
resentatives and pickets have congre
gated at the place of business and have
sought to force the »non-unlon em
ployes to quit their employment by
threats of bodily harm. One of the
phrases attributed j to - them is:
"If -you donot quit this Job we will
beat your brains out." Besides way
laying non-union men, the pickets are
charged with frightening customers
and having already damaged the
plaintiff's business to the amount of
;poo.
Prices Are High at Fairbanks.
SEATTLE, Dec. 7. — A special to the
Post-Intelligencer from Valdes states
that George M. Hill, Pete Erickson
and Charles W. Bram have - arrived
with dog teams, after having been six
teen days out from Fairbanks. They
report the camp in excellent condition
and that supplies generally are plen
tiful, but that prices are high. Pep
per is selling for $3 per pound -and
horse feed S300 per ton.
NOTICE
We have learned that
certain unscrupulous
dealers are selling
bulk coffee claiming
it 1 to be Golden Gate.
We beg to inform the
public that
Golden
Gate
Coffee
is sold in tins ONLY
NEVER IN BULK
J. A. FOLGER & CO.
San Francisco
Children pass their cups for idoro of
the delicious bouillon made with
Liebig Company's
Extract of Beef
It's as good for everybody as for the
yotingsters.
This !s the bine f}
tbe genuine: Ar
MAUYAIS MUSIC CO.
833 MARKET ST.. OPP. MASON.
BUSSON CORNET FOR $12.50
Among Reflnei People
No man is deemed a gentleman whose
linen isn't always immaculate. One of
the fastidious man's first needs is a good
laundry where his linen will be carefully
and faultlessly laundered, and there la
no place in San Francisco that gives so
much satisfaction in the color, finish and
careful handling of shirts, collars and
cuffs as at United States Laundry.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
1004 MAHKET STBEET.
Telephone South 420.
Paiarp dont fail to
laiaig gee tht beautiful
j COURT Lounging
/ilifl room, the EMPIRE
UIIU Parlor, the
p 1 PALM ROOM, the
liniliQ LOUIS XV PAR-
ui uiiu LOR^ and the LA
U^iJ^ DIES' WRITING
notels I room-
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine. -
The roost wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic tor. tbe Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for . Diseases of tha
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits
NABER ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.
328 Market St.. S. P.— (S«nd for Circulars.) ,
AMT7SKMESTS.
IT ni7 A "Tl Belasco A Mayer.
■ .-/:• XSenera I Manaeer.
TO-NIGHT— MATS. SAT. AND SUN.
"It wasn't Ilk* a stock first night; It was
• performance."— Ashton Stevens.
"Highly gratified audience."— Call.
••Infinitely humorous." — Chronicle.
The Professor's
Love Story
Delightful Comedy by J. M. Barrle.
Author of :"Th« Little Minister." .
Eve*.. 25c to 75c. Mats.. Sat. * gun.. 25c to 60c
NEXT MONDAY— ' f A Q r> I C CJ
Mrs.Flske's Mrst Success. vnrKlWC
Market it., near Eighth. Phone South 633.
TO-NIGHT— ALL WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAT AND SUNDAT.
Jacob Lltt's $25,000 production of the greatest
' melodrama ever written.
THE SUBURBAN
svrvn Tk « ne * track and six horses.
CLL Well-known local Jockeys.
jr.r The lime kiln.
****** The sea wall.
Positively the Most Pretentious Effort Ever
Made on Any Stage.
HORSES DASH ACROSS THIS STAGE AT
FULL SPEED!! -■•>.-
Prices— Ev«. 10a to 60c Mats. 10c. UJo. ISc
NEXT— "LOST IN SIBERIA.'!
New stt&T Jockey
California y® Club
OAKLAND TSACX.
Commencing SATURDAY, -November 12.
Racine every week day, rain, or shins.
' ■•■ Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
-J PAMHiY CX.T7B SAZTDICAP.
S1000 added, to toe ran Saturday. Dec. 10.
Tor special trains stopping at the track take
S. P. Ferry. . foot of Market street, at 12:0O.
12:30. 1:00. 1:30 or 2:00. Raturniss trains
leave the track at 4:10 and 4:45 p. m. and im-
mediately after the last rae*. U
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
PERCY -W. TREAT. Secretarjr.
A3fCSEMEyT5.
MonsterNewShow
MISS MARY SHAW & CO.,
Dillon Brothers: Howard'* Comedy X>mrs
and Ponies: Marvelous rrani and Ut-
tle Bob; FhylUa Allen, and Orpherun
Motion Pictures.
Xiast Times of San Elton: LeBoT and
Sled; Tli* Josselin Trio and Clement
de Xilos. .
Regular U&tlates every "Wednesday. Thur*-
itLf. Saturday and Sunday.
Prtcea — 10c. 23c and SOe.
■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■
IorpheumI
g special g
] Q FRIDAY AFTERNOON. Dee. 9.' ii
p "' At 1 o'clock sharp. ~
O SIXTH ANNUAL BENEFIT § K
BJ Under th« Auspices of th» m
g Associated Theatrical Managers ■
■ OF SAN FRANCISCO n
B / In Aid of Their Q
j CHARITY FUND |
J Pevoted to the Relief of the Sick and '
« Needy of the Profession. E3
= Monster Continuous Performance B
n Talent from Columbia Theater. Grand S
j 55 Opera-house, California Theater. Or— E
H pheum. Alcazar, TItoII Opera-home. I*
I ■ Central Theater. Chutes. Q
■ 16— BIO ACTS— 16 ■
S Tickets now on salo at tha box offlc« ■
fj of the Orpheum. f]
■■■■■■■BBBBHBHUBaBB
I^OLUinJSI A wm wxuz
LAST 3 N1GHT3— 3IATIXEE SATUHDAT.
LAST TIME SATURDAY NIGHT.
CHARLES B. DILLINGHAM presents
MAXINE ELLIOTT.
IN the CTyde Fitch Comedy.
HER OVA/IN \A//\Y
Beg. SUNDAY NIGHT. Dec. II
The Merry. Tuneful Musical Hit.
i CHINESE HONEYMOON
8EAT3 NOW READT.
? CALIFORNIA
I ALL THIS WEEK. '"2
BANFORO B. RICABY Presents tne Si
WILLIAM H. "WEST BIO jtj
MI5STSEL JTTBXLEE_._ l n
Featuring' the Superb Scenio Slna-inc fa
Sensation. "
FREDERICK V. BOWERS, for th« B
past twenty-six weeks the star featur* H
of Kiralfy'a Immense Louisiana Pur- C
I chase Spectacle at the St. Louis Ex- ■
position. A
GREATEST SINGING PART EVEK H
CONCEIVED. H
Next Sunday Nifat— ROSE MEL- M
VTLLE. the original "SIS HOPKINS." ti
SIXTH ENORMOUS SEASON. m
TO-NIGHT FSi^" 8
KING.-
SEATS ALWAYS SELLING.
REGULAR MATINEE SATURDAT.'
GRAND SSSit
Matinees Saturday and Sunday
THIS WEEK AND NEXT "
Si H "Befo 1 tbe King," Edward Vii
Buckingham Palac«. June 23. 1903. i
THE ROYAL COMEDIANS.
WILLIAMS
an»WALKER
And Their Company of Colored Artists
!*.£• IN DAHOMEY !
Curtain Rises at 8 o'clock. \
(Absolutely Fireproof.)
H. W. BISHOP Lessee and Manager.
TO-NIGHT g]??JS TO-NIGHT
23e MATINEE TO-DAY 23o
Oliver Morcsco Offers
HOWARD GOCLD— J. H. GILMOUR
And the Majestic Theater Company in that
Great American Political Comedy.
THE SENATOR
\ Next— "3SR. POTTER OF TEXAS."
TONY LUBELSKI. General Manager.
Best Ever Oncanlzed. _
Positive One Dollar Attractions for
10c and 20c — No Either.
The new bill this week win catch ia« city
by storm.
AH Celebrated Artis^
PEOPLE'S X
OF»UL-*%R
RICES
10c and 90c — No Higher.
Greatest vaudeville performance for tha
prices in the world. Children to any part of
the theater. 10c.
Performance every afternoon at 2:30; overy
evening at 7:30 and 0: continuous Saturday
and Sunday matinees from 2 to 3: < continuous
■ Saturday and Sunday evenings from 7 to 11.
Startling, new European moving pictures.
Hisra-Class Specialties Every Afternoon
and Eventnsr in the Theater.
TO-KIQSTI ELECTBXC rOTTZTTASr
DISPLAY
GALA AMATEUR* PERFORMANCE. '
/ Concluding With
f NEW LIVING PICTURES.
DON"T FAIL TO SEE .
( THE JOHNSTOWN FLOOD
The Reigning Sensation of Coney Island an& ""
th* World's Fair.
A NEVER TO BE FORGOTTEN SPECTACLE
ADMISSION 10c I CHILDREN io
When Phoning Ask for. "The Chute*.'-.
Weekly Gall, SI per Year
910
MARQUIS OF QUEENSBERRY RULES FOR BRITT AND NELSON
BOXERS AGREE
ON THE RULES
Britt and Xdson to Break
at Keferee's Order and
Then Protect Themselves
CONFERENCE IS BRIEF
When Subject Is Broached
Both Sides Admit That
a Rumor Had 3Iisled Them
When Teddy Murphy and Jimmy
Britt met late yesterday afternoon at
the ocean beach they came to terms
Quickly regarding the way Britt and
Nelson are to fight in the clinches.
Alter five minutes' discussion, each
agreed that the boxers will break at
the order of the referee and will pro
tect themselves in the breakaways.
Brltt admitted he had been misled re
cardlng Murphy'B idea of breaking and
Murphy said he perceived that come
cn e was handing him a bunch of con
versation when he was informed that
Britt insisted on a so-called "clean
Lx'eak."
Murphy had heard from some alert
taihrrer of information that Britt in
ri«=u-d upon a "clean break. 1 one that
would compel both lads to stick their
arms heavenward and back away with
out even indulging in wrist taps. Some
xvlsfe person informed Britt that Nelson
insisted upon wrestling and twisting
-ut of every clinch and keeping this up
till one or the other should be sub-
d *Tonsequently each had a -'complaint.
Britt said he would not think of ac
commodating Mr. Murphy, and Murphy
on the other hand said he would ad
vise his charge to committ suicide be-
Jo" he would let him tight Britt on a
clean break layout. Both averred they
Tvould stand strictly by their word.
It was all different when the meet
ing took place. Britt and Murphy air
ed th*ir differences and after a short
discussion it was agreed by both that
the boxers break by order of the ref
eree ard protect themselves in the
breakaways.
•The chap who was the author of
these rules is long since dead." said
Britt. "and I do not think any of us
have a right to change them at this
••Neither do I," chimed in Murphy.
"but I won't stand for a clean break at
that. I would rather let Nelson lie
down or commit suicide than permit
him to fight you under such condi
tions."
"Well, what do you mean by that?"
*aid Britt. "1 will give you an illustra
tion of a clean break." With this,
Jimmy arose and stuck both hands up
in the air and did a sort of double
Britt admitted that he never
demanded anything like that and was
witistied to fight Nelson just as he had
fought his various opponents. Murphy
assorted his willingness and the af
fair was settled without further parley.
They will fight under the same condi
tions as did Nelson and Young Cor
bett.
The conference took place at the Seal
Kock House, where Britt is preparing
himself for the coming battle. Besides
Murphy and Britt. Harry Corbett,
Billy Roche and Manager Jim Coffroth
were present at the conference. All
were somewhat worried over the as
pect and were anxious to see Just what
was about to come off. The forfeits
will be posted to-day with Harry Cor
bett.
Britt looks lit and ready to enter the
ring at a moment's notice. But for all
that h* is working Just as though he
veighed 200 pounds. He entertained a
large collection of sports and a few
]?dies at his select gymnasium yester
day afternoon and all felt gratified at
the showing. Britt said he weighed
104*s pounds.
The punching bag came in for a few
raps, though Jimmy soon quit that
•when he discovered the stand was rick
ety and needed bracing. He started in
to" give Frank Rafael a good time for
four rounds, setting a fast pace and
winging in the body punches in quick
succession. In fact, James went so
fa*t that some thought they were look
ing at a real fipht instead of only a
training camp sham battle.
Britt took on Charley Kreling for one
long and tedious round of wrestling
and clinching. This was hard work,
though James seemed to eat it up and
h* worked his partner faster each min
ute. When he finished in the gym
nasium, Brltt took a plunge In the
d^ep. blue sea. came back and ate din
ner p.nd began to think about his next
day's work.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Have been suffering from Impure Blood
for many years, having Boils and other
Eruptions. Having heard of S. S. S. I de r
ci ded to try it, and am glad to say that it
has done me a great deal of good. I intend
to continue to use it, as I believe it to be
the best Blood Medicine on the market.
Cleveland, Tenn. W. K. Deters.
For over fifteen years I have suffered
more or less from Impure Blood. About a
rear ago I had a boil appear on my leg
below the knee, which was followed by
three pore on my neck. I saw S. S. S.
advertised and decided to try it. After
taking three bottles ell Boils disappeared
end I have not been troubled any since.
Geo. G. Fertic
X14 W. Jeff erson St., Louisville, Zy.
Newark, Ohio, May 23, 1903.
From childhood I jhad been bothered
trith bad blood, skin eruptions and boils.
I had boils ranging from five to twenty in
number each season. The burning ac-
companying the eruption was terrible.
S. S. S. seemed to be just the medicine
seeded in my case. It drove out all impu-
rities and bad blood, giving me perma-
nent relief from the skin eruption and
boils. This has been ten years ago, and I
have never had a return of the disease.
Mrs. J. D. Athertojt.
Sfflr^B tff^% book on blood and
El Bk skin diseases.
>«k lj_L Medical advice
tBL or any special in-
|» formation about
kjBl Ifi your case will cost
you nothing.
The Swift Specific Company, Atlanta, Ga.
ANANIAS, WITH KNAPP IN, THE SADDLE,
DEFEATS GATEWAY FOR THE HANDICAP
Downfall of San Nicolas
and of Nigrette Trove
Costly for the Talent
BULLMAN PILOTS ARA
Mansard Disposes of a
. Fast Lot of Sprinters.
Toledo J Wins Cleverly
BY FRED E. MULI1OLLAXD.
Ananias, owned by Johnny Schorr
and ridden by "Big Bill" Knapp. led
his field a forlorn chase in the mile
handicap yesterday at Oakland. The
Schorr colt carried 104 pounds, an im
post that fitted him to a "TV •
Plunged on at odds of 13 to 10, he
made all the running and won easily
from Gateway, the second choice, in
l:C3$i. JBombardier. was downed with
ease for the show by Vesuvian. Veter
ano, the only other starter, is still shy
of his old time speed.
The attendance was large and the
betting almost as furious as on a holi
day. Favorites annexed three of the
purses.
John Bullman had his first mount at
the meeting in the opening sprint over
the Futurity course for two-year-olds.
He piloted Ara, a 7 to 1 shot, and came
within a short head of defeating the
13 to 20 favorite Golden Buck/ ridden
by Davis. Travers, astride Velna, fin
ished third.
POXAPA WINS CLEVERLY.
Bob Smith's Ponapa, played down
frum S to 3Vs. took the five and a half
furlong run which followed from a big
Held. Sammy Greenfield had the leg
up on Ponapa and passing David Bo
land on the far turn assumed the front
position and at the wire led Harka
over the line a length. The latter filly
closed at 25 to 1. Kunz, on the post
favorite. The Reprobate, only lost th*
place by a nose. "Big Bill" Knapp was
unfortunate in getting away among the
tail-enders with Gallant Cassie.
For an ll-to-10 favorite, Dungannon
assuredly made a splendid showing in
the mile-and-sevent r-yard selling af
fair. At no stag:e of the racing did she
show in better than fifth position, and
finally ended up a poor sixth. Never
theless her stable connections thought
she would win, and the betting had a
healthy appearance. Wonderful to re
late. Flaneur, at 10 to 1. with Frank
Sullivan up. downed old Flying Torpe
do a neck. J. V. Kirby ran an indiffer
ent third.
SAX NICHOLAS IS UXLUCKY.
Dr. Rowell's black horse. San
Nicholas, favorite for the six-furlong
selling feature, in which quite a galaxy
of speed found representation, had his
chances ruined at the start. As the
barrier was sprung he was bumped
and knocked to his knees by Oro Viva
and could not recover the ground then
lost. Sad Sam led almost to the stretch,
where H. I_ Frank, ridden by Me-
Laughlin, headed him. The latter
found the pace too hot and W. Davis
forged to the front with Mansard. In
a mild drive he earned the decision
from Romaine by nearly a length. The
winner's price receded from 4 to 10
to 1.
After her showing in the concluding
seven-furlong purse event, it would
look as if the bruising race run by Ni
grette when she defeated Andrew B.
Cook several days back had dulled the
little mare's speed. Her price was
played down from 4 to 5 to 3 to 5, and
at no time did she look a winner. Hel
gesen, astride Toledo, waited on Whoa
Bill and Ishtar to the stretch, where he
made his move, and at the end won
cleverly. Ishtar, against which 50 to
1 was laid, lost the place to Whoa Bill
by half a lencth.
TRACK XOTES.
W. Davis was the only rider to pi
lot two winners.
Frank Sullivan finally got a move
on and rode a clever race on Flaneur.
Twenty-one books' cut in. Frank
Eckert and the Broadway Club were
the new comers.
N. S. Hand, a well known turfman,
is here from New York. He has two
horses now en route from th.2 J?a3t,
Apple Blossom and Miller'j Daugh
ter. .
The Fretter felt so good after his
winning, race on Tuesday thnt he ran
away five miles with his exercise boy
yesterday morning.
Following are the entries for the
Family Club handicap to be run on
Saturday at one and a sixteenth miles:
Military Man/Mansard, G. \V. Tra
hern, Toledo, Veterano, Ishlana, Oro
Viva, Telephone, Leila, Elliott, Claude,
Stroller. Ananias. Fossil, Divina,, *.San
Nicholas, Barkleyite. . Bombardier,
Whoa Bill. Vesuvian, Gold Money, Ar
cade, Nigrette, Gateway, Modicum,
Honiton. . 'V"
HANDBALL PLAYERS SOON*
TO CONTEST FOR MEDALS
First, Second and Third Class Experts
Matched for Coming Tournament
at Olympic Club.
Handball players of the Olympic
Club will participate in a soft ball
singles/ tournament for madals. The
niKi series of games will be played
rext Monday night.. Th«» committee
In charge, which - consists of Fred
Bain, .Tom Powers, Jack Oteiison,
George James and 1 . Louis Levy, met
last night and classified the contes
tants as follows:
First clasa — George James, Monroe D. Gretn.
Fred Bain. Henry J. Ru»s, A. Pockwitz, H.
W. Bozan, T. J. Powers and IxhiIh Levy.
Second class — G. S. Krogrer, F. C; Stafford,
F. C. 'Wegener. C. V. Clough. Fred Sherry,
Robert B. Bain' Jr., Guy " Raneome, F. W.
Krone Jr., William P. Humphreys/Leo Ker
foot. Hugo Ponelm. Arthur Pohelm. W. J.
Kennedy. C. B. Cutter. Howard Brickell, Al
Hoffman. M. A. Martin, C. C. Miller. F. A.
Baker.
Third class — Paul de Loos, C. Carr. Caspar
Harrte. H. G. Sellg. Frits Barkan, J. Ryan,
William McCarthy, Dr. Thomas K. Steeley. R.
Self? J.oul* Baldwin, Lester Hammersmith,
Frank Hooper. Louts Ferrari. J. W. Glnn>.
John F. Cunningham. R. H. Postelwalte. Wal
ter Younir. H. Meyer. L. Lange. F. M. Good
rich. F. E. Atkins and F. J. Foran.
On Monday night the following games. will be
played: First claw— Monroe ■. D. . Green vs.
Henry. Bogan; second class— C. V. dough vs.
F. A. Baker; third class — John F. Cunningham
vs. Louis Ferrari. * ' • . ,
In January next the interclub hard
handball tournament w»li be*hold."in
tHi city. The Olympic Club. Occi
dental Club, St. Ignatius and . orfe ■ or
two clubs of Oakland, Stockton -and
Saciamento will have team3 of Tour
men entered. The winning team will
be presented with a handsome silver
Cap ty Kenneth Melroso.
The Olympic Club learn will be
composed oir*' W Hamilton, George
James. Louis Levy and Henry Cory.
Well Known Horseman Dies. ,
SAN JOSE, Dec. 7.— C-V.V. Hill, a
well known horseman, dropped dead
from heart disease • this morning. lie
had resided here eighteen years arid
loaves a widow and two children.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, .THURSDAY, DECEMBER "8, 1904.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'/S RACING FORM CHART.
OAK LA X D — Wednesday. Dec. 7. Weather fine. Track fast. ■"-~"
7P27. FIRST RACE— Futurity course; Belling; two-year-olds; value to first. $325. < ■
Index! Home and Owner. WtJSt. Hi. H. %. Str. Fin. | f Jockey. I Op- Cl.
75Ot" Golden Buck <Mrs. Schorr). . 1 CO 4 ... 1 «i 1 1 lnl ns'lW. Davis .. 3-5 13-20
7.M7 Ara (Stevens & Son) 112 7 .i. G 1%5 1»43 n 214 IBuIlman ... ". "
7491 Velna («. M. Van Gordon).. :00 :t ... 21 22 21.35 |Travcr» ... 12 ™
7.117 Bob Ragen (Summers & Co.).. 112 1 .1. 3n 4n 5n 4 ,1* ILarsen 6 8
7517 The Gadfly <J. O.. Keene Co.).. 105 5 ... 4 1 6 V4 « ».4 5 1 Greenfield .- 15 20
7511 (Bearskin if. Skinner & Co.).. 10S «... 7 4 7 8 7 10 6 4 H Michaels 20 30
7427 |F. Templeton (G. W. Dodge). . IICOJ 2 ... 5 4 3 1%4 17 6 McLaughln ■ 20 25
7473 |R. Sweepstake (Mrs. Miller).. |105| 8 ... 8 8 8 8 yv. Knapp.. 30 40
Time, :24»i. M0. 1:11*4. At post H4 minute*. Off at 2:12%. Buck, place 2-7; show, out.
Ara, place. 3-2: show. 3-5. Velna, snow,'6-5. Winner, b. g, by Buck Maseie- Golden
Rod II. Trained by J. F. Schorr. Start good. Won In a hard drive of three. Golden
Buck was all In and Ara would have won In another stride or two.. Winner . bumped
Velna near the paddock. Bob Ragon ran a poor race. Others outclassed. V_^
7B2S. SECOND RACE — Five and a half furlongs; selling; 2 and 3 year olds; value 1st, $325
Index Horsa and Owner. Wt St. #. %I %. Ktr. Pin. I Jockey. I Op. . Cl.
7469 Ponapa. 3 (R. A. Smith).... 101 « ... 2 2 2 1%1 H 1 1 |GreenfieId~7. « 7^2
7515 Harka, 3 (J. Ryan) 101 2 ... 8n 6 2 4 2 2 ns (McBrlde .... 20 25
(7473) T. Reprobate. 2 (Keene & Co.) P3 5 ... 31 31 3n3h Kuns 5-2 7-2
7411 David Boland, 2 (Balrd & Co.) 03 4 ... 1 1 1 H 2 H 4 2 ' T. -Clark .. 30 SO
7517 Marie J. 2 (Jones & Lusk) 86 7 ... 61 41 6 2 53 Taylor 6 8
7511 Edrodun. 2 (Logria & Co.) 86 3 ... 4%747%61 Perrlne ... -20 30
7427 Bill Short. 2^(W. Magrane). 06 1 ... (h 02 82 7n Anderson .. 10 -12 1
(7517) Gal Castle. 2 (Mrs. Miller) 92 10 ... 7 V, 6 n 6 H 8 2 W Knapp.. 7-2 18-6
7515 Ulb. Candid.3 (Appleby 8t Co.) 101 13 ... 0 %10 0 2 0 Travers ... 15 . 15
7340 Facts, 3 (J. Barker) 10112 ... 13 8 %10 10 Earnshaw .. 50 60
C076 Flo Manola, 3 (M. J. Daly).. 106 8 ... 10 11 11 11 M. Daly ... 30 CO
7484 Standard. 3 (J. J. McAlester). 108 9 ... 12 12 12 12 H Michaels 20 •;■ 30
7393 j Queen Fay, 3 (Mrs. Murry).. 101 11 ... 11 13 13 13 WV Davis .. 10 20
Time, &3K, :4S, 1:08%. At post 5% minutes. Off at 2:41. Ponapa, place, 8-5; show,
4-5. Harka, place, 10; show, 5. Reprobate, show, 3-6. Winner, br. f. by Watercress-
Clara Wilson. Trained by R. A. Smith. Scratched — Edgecliff. Start good. Won cleverly.
Balance driving hard. Ponapa had nothing much to beat and met with good racing
luck. When the excitement was all over McBride happened along with Harka. Latter
Is improving. The Reprobate probably ran his race. Edrodun nearly fell on stretch
turn. Cassie off poorly.
7.~>2l>. TlrtRD RACE— One mile and seventy yards; selling; three-year-olds and up; 1st. $325
lnorjLi Horse and Owner. Wt St. *4 . ■j*. %. ttr. i-'ln. t jockey. j op! c77
7513 I Flaneur, 6 (Blanchl &. McG) 104 6 43 2b 21 11 In ~F Sullivan 6 10
7B20 (Flying Torpedo. « (L.H. Ezell) 109 7 7 7 5 n 43 2 1 Anderson 8 8
74K2 J. V. Klrby. 5 (G. Strobel).. 1C9 4 5h 4 n 4 1^3 % a 5 H. Mlchels 3 1-1
7315 Mistletlde. 3 (Moormead Fm) 1C0 3 "2 n 3 1 3h 52 4% Travers ... 15 13
(7508) Brennus, 4 (S. Judge & Co) 109 2 3 1 &1 2>/il 2 '1 n 5 Vt Helgesen .. 6 10
7514 Dungannon. 3 (Knebelkamp). . 100 5 8 5 5 1 Va~ 0 10 « 20 McBride .. 6-6 11-10
7467 Bill Young, 6 (J. Sturgeon).. 104 1 1 .^ 0 h H 10 7 7 McLaughn 50 100
Time— :24»i, :43H, 1:15^4, 1:42%. 1:47. At post Y, minute. OffTT3:04H. Flaneur, place.
4; show, e-5. Torpedo, place, 3: show, 6-5. Klrby, show, D-20. Winner br. g. by
Bramble-Promenade. Trained by O. A. Blanchl. Scratched — Lady .Kent. Start good.
Wen in a hard drive of three. Flaneur stretched it out to-day. Flying Torpedo came
n->ar Etrlklng a running gait. Brennus quit. Any pockets missed by McBride on the
favorite were sewn up. J. V. Klrby can do better than this.
753O. FOURTH RACE — One mile; handicap; all ages; value to first, 5500.
Index! Horse and Owner. WtjSt. %l %I %. Blr. Fin. I Jockey. I Op. (Cl7
74!M Ananias. 8 (J. F. Schorr) 104 1 1 % 1 1%1 1%1 2^1 IYj~vF. Knapp 13-10 13-10
7512 Gateway, 3 (E. E. Burnett).. 97 4 3 1VJ3 Vi 3 2 3 ft 25 Travers . 3 14-5
(7471) Vesuvian. a (W. B. Jennings) 112 3 2 1>$2 1^2 2 2 n 3 2'4 W. Davis.. 3 16-5
(7512) Bombardier. 3 (F. Skinner) .. 108 2 4»48 45 4(i44 H Michals 4 8
7512 |Veterano, 4 (Multnomah St) 100 5 5 5 5 5 6 Anderson . . 30 60
Time— :24H. :49Vi, 1:14Vj. 1:38%! At post l}i minutes. Oft at 3:31i,i. Ananias, place.
1-2: out show. Gateway, place, 7-10; out show. Vesuvian, show 1-2 Winner ch c
by Ocean View-Veracious. Trained by J. F. Schorr. Start good. Won easily Balance
driving. Winner best. Gateway ran his race. Vesuvian sore going to the post Bom^
bardler did not cut any figure in the race. Veterano far from his best form.
7G31. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
Indexl Horse and Owner. Wt St. K . %. %." Strl Fin. j~ Jockey. Op! cT
6624 iMansard, 4 (J. O. Keene Co.) 108 6 ... 3 n 3 2^2 4 1 a; w Davis. . 4 12
7472 I Romaine, 4 .(W. Scharetg).. . 110 2 ... 4 24 1 4 3 2 1% Helgesen . 8 10
(7461) Sad Sam, a (H. Green) 105 1 ... 1 2%2 1^3 M 3 % Sherwood .. 3 3
7518 H. L. Frank. 3 (D. Cameron). 101 3 ... 2 4 1 h 1 1U4 h McLaghlln 6 »
(7478) San NMcholas, 6 (H.E. Rowell)|113 6 ... 6 94 6 15 6 2 5 6 Travers 6-5 6-5
7518 Oro Viva. 4 (Rlly & McRae).|108 4 ... (r 10 5 n 6 15 6 15 McBride 2O 40
7503 |The Forum. 4 (Mrs. Mlller)..|102 7 ... 7 7. 7 7 F. Sullivan 50 100
Time— :23U. :48U. 1:13%. At post 5 minutes. Off at 4:02%. Mansard. place~3; "show
0-5. Romaine, place, 3; show, 1. Sam, show, 1-2. Winner, b. g. by Florist -Fedal ma
Trained by J. O. Keene. Scratched— Clausus, Little Wally, Telephone, W R. Condon'
The Lieutenant. Start bad. Won handily. Second driving. Third stopping. Winner
received perfect handling. Romaine ran to his best form. Sad Sam off sailing ouit
- early. H. L. Frank played a limited engagement. San Nicholas knocked to his knees at
start by Oro Viva.
753a. SIXTH RACE — Seven furlongs; purse: all ages; value to first, $325.
Index Horse and Owner. WtlSt. 14 . %T »4. Str. Fin. | Jockey. 1 Op. CK
T*TQ Toledo, 3 (Gaylord & Co.) 108 2 ! 4 2 42 33 1 H 1 2ft Helgesen 77 " 5-2 13-S'
7488 Whoa Bill, 8 (V. Gilbert).... 108 4 2 1 2 1%2 1%2 h 2 %• W. Knapp 6 £>
7470 Ishtar, 5 (J. Ryan) 109 3 1 h 1 n 1 h 3 1 8 2% McBride 30 50
•7458 Allopath, 6 (Lamasney Bros.). 100 6 6 6 .6 n 5 3 4 8 Minder ' 15 '30
(7502) Xlgrette. 4 (W. B. Jennings). 109 1 8 1%8 n 4 1 4 3 6 4 W. Davis' 4-5" 3-4
7471 Yellow Tall, a (J. Hackett).. 112 5 5 % 5 V, 9 - g 6 Ylcktrv" !!■ 15 5J
Time— :23%. :48%. 1:15. 1:27»;. At post 2 mlnuea. Off at 4:25. Toledo." pilee". 3^5:'7hoV
out. Whoa Bill, place. 1: show. 1-3. Ishtar. show. 3. Winner ch. c by Altamax-
Talluda. Trained by G. Burger. Scratched— Squire Johnson. Start good. Won easliv
Next two driving. Helgesen on winner rode a finely Judged race. Whoa Bill did hi*
• best. McBride astride Ishtar rated the mare with the skill of a longshoreman Better
ridden ehe would have been dangerous. Nigrette had no speed. ' .»«««
RACING SHELL
FOR BERKELEY
BERKELEY. Dec. 7. — The University
Boat Club officials have received Infor
mation from Cornell that a boat will
leave the Eastern university for Cali
fornia next week. It is a four-oared
coxswain shell, made of Spanish cedar,
and considered a true representation of
the efficiency attained by the most suc
cessful of American racing-boat build
ers.
"I hope the advent of this new boat
will stimulate interest In boat racing
here." said S.' S. Hawley, president' of
the University Boat Club, to-day, "and
that the coming of this boat will be
but the beginning of an Influx of boat
racing material. Our new boat will be
the equal in all respects of the most
perfect shell in the East." :
Preparations are being made at the
university for the inter-class regattas
and candidates for places on the crews
are training for the try-outs to be held
early in the coming term. Among those
who have declared themselves as can
didates are E. A. Bannister, D. M.
Evans, A. Salisbury, G.'. J. Anloff, C-
M. Hurlburt, R. F. Nash, S. S. Haw
ley. E. V. Dodge, H. Bird, H. Schreiber,
J. P. Loeb, E. J. Loeb, Nowell Ross
and George Jones.
Among these candidate? Is R F.
Nash, a sophomore from Wisconsin,
where he acted as coxswain for his
class crew at the State University.
Ezra Decoto, manager of athletics for
the' associated student's, recently called
upon the University of Washington au
thorities to secure the Lippy cup, a
trophy which the California Boat Club
declares should be in Its possession. The
California crew won the last event with
Washington and is entitled to the cup,
according to the conditions of the
donor. The northern authorities have
promised to send .the trophy here at
once. 1
At a meeting of the boat club last
Monday the following officers were
elected for the next half-year: S. S.
Hawley, president; E. A. Bannister,
vice president; A. Salisbury, secretary
and treasurer: D. M. Evans,, corre
sponding secretary.
Athletes of the university who are
devotees of association football are en
deavoring to Introduce the. game here
and eventually to procure the forma
tion of class teams, so . that matches,
may be made without going outside of
the university for opposition. The
game has never been played at the
university. Three men, however, who
know the game well have begun a pro
paganda in its Interest, these being O.
J. Lowell. R. Barnlcott and C Gester.
Each evening during the last, week
thfse men, with other . students who
are being taught the game, have prac
ticed on the old football field kicking
and running with the ball. A" small
crowd on the bleachers has watched
with curiosity the game; that is a nov
elty at the university, though its. origin
dates back to the days of "Tom Brown
at Rugby" and before even that his
toric periods ; :
president ' Wheeler believes in the
game and two 1 years " ago invited' two
of the fastest teams in San Francisco
to give an exhibition on , the campus
seas to elve : the sport an impetus in
CYCLISTS QUIT
SIX-DAY RACE
NEW YORK. Dec. 7.-Angry because
they believed the race was being un
fairly conducted and because methods
which they allege to be wrong allowed
other riders to gain a lap upon them
to-day, five teams in the six-day bicy
cle race at Madison Square Garden, in
cluding some of the best riders com
peting in the event, quit the race. The
flve teams that quit were Walthour and
Munroe, Bedelland Bedell, Mayor and
Newklrk, McLean and Bowler and But
ler and Moran. All of them were among
the best in the contest and among
those most heavily backed to win the
highest prize. •
The trouble was precipitated by" the
race thui \ ?* Pe « rfOd ° f rldln * ! " the
race thus far given, when Root and
Dorlon, followed by Stol and Vander
stuyft, succeeded In gaining a lap on
their opponents. Walthour, who acted
as spokesman for the five dissatisfied
teams, declared that, the members of
those teams relieved each other at
times not allowed by the rules, espe
cially in the case of Stol and Vander
stuyft. For two miles Dorlon kept up
a heartbreaking sprint and gained half
a lap on the bunch. Then, hardly los
ing a second, Root jumped In and be
gan a sprint even more heartbreaking
than Dorlon's had been. He kept it up
for forty minutes, with the other riders
trying desperately ,to overtake him, but
at the end of that, time he had gained
the lap he and his partner coveted.
Walthour was on the track through
out the sprint and riding a little ahead
of the. rest. When -Root was making
bis meteoric dash half a; lap ahead of
the rest little Stol. the Belgian rider,
who had Just relieved Vanderstuyft,
stole up. past -Walthour and began a
sprint to catch Root. In twelve laps he
the college. The plan failed' because
there was apparently no one in the
school who knew enough of the pastime
to attempt leadership.
STANFORD LOSES -IiAXIGAK;
Famous Coach . Is ' Unable to Handle
the Cardinal Baseball Nine!
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Dec. 7^
James- Lanagan, Stanford's successful
graduate coach, will not, accept the
position of coach for the baseball
team ; this spring. The loss is a. heavy
one, as Lanagan is as jgreat a baseball
trainer aB he is a football expert and
he had been counted? on to help win
this year's baseball series for Stan
ford.. Pressure of work is Lanagan's
excuse.' The gist of the matter prob r
ably, is that if Lanagan came for base
ball this year, he could not come for
football next, and: so baseball inter
ests were sacrificed for football:\S_»H@
It is quite probable that the posi
tion of baseball coach will be given
to. some old Stanford player. . The
idea of graduate coaching in every
line, of .athletics is a - popular one at
Stanford.and so long as" good coaches
can be ;had who are . graduates,.pro
fessional men will not be given posi
tions. . • • v
HORSES WHICH LOOK
BEST ON PAST FORM
BY FRED E. MULHOLLAND.
First! race— -Jem sha.Saccha ir
ate, Glendenc. :
Second rajpe-^Flaneur," Scots
man, Goldflnder. .
.Third race — Baker, Dlxelle,
Bill Short.
Fourth race — Fossil, Misly's
Pride, Rowena.
Fifth race — Silent Water, The
Lieutenant, Isabuttc.
Sixth race — J.' V. Kirby, Sug
den, llcrmcncia.
FOSSIL AMONG
THE SPRINTERS
A fair card is* furnished racegoers to
Oakland this afternoon. The event pos
sessing the most class is the fourth, in
which will 1 meet Fossil, Misty's Pride,
Iridius and other speedy v ones. The
day's entries:
First race — Futurity course; maiden two
year-old fillies. . '
748U 'Maid of Fermoy (Fox) »°
7481 Vel (Hamilton) J9*
7481 'Lily Oolding (Stanlleld) 103
t>(K>4 Saccharatc (Napa Stock Farm) 1<«
7456 »Sun Rose (Appleby & Co.) «•}
7451. Glendene (Summers) J"'
7507 Macene (Ezell) '. n ™S
7498 Merusha (Engstrom) J<«
-....Lady Goodrich (Applegate) 1W
Second race — Mile and one hundred yards;
three-year-olds and I up; selling.
740(» 'Harry Beck (Lynch) »«
74»2 'Vlgoroso (Appleby) «•
7526 'Constable (Stockton Stable).... 1|H
7522 'Goldflnder (FlugcraJd & Cree) :..'... 105*
(752-i) Scotsman (Doss & Co.)... ly»
(752y)*Flaneur (Bianchl & Co.) 104
7523 'Profitable (Winter)
(7506)*Step Around (Boyle) 104
(7515)Vauehan (Hertzeh) ,.ll»
Third race. Futurity course, two-year-olds.
Belli ns. . . • ...
741*1 «Lady Greenwood (Cahlll) . : 101
752s Bill - Short (Magrone) ". 100
74»8Herthus (Gilbert) • \0Q
7511 'Dixelle (McCafferty) '• 1C1
7414 Glacoma (Smith) 103
7491 Baker (McAlester 109
7475 'Alone (Summers) 1"1
7511 Mogregor (Blanch! & Co.) 100
7527 'The Gadfly (Keene) 104
Fourth race six furlongs. -»U ages, purse.
7498 Indicate (Summers) 100
(58W)Iridius (Jennings) 11C
7488 Rowena (Gaylord) - 105
7450 Squire Johnson (Miller) 06
7489 Padua (Josephs) 10S
(6330)Dr. Leggo (McCafferty) 1.00
7471 Albula (Lamasney Bros.) 110
7517 Head Dance (Wright) 0G
751S Misty'* Pride (Jones) ...., 1W»
(74«4)Claude (Daly) 116
7404 Fossil (Parker & Thwaite) 113
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs, three
year-olds, selling.
7510 'Inspector Munro (Fox) 105
• Barney Dreyfuss (De Xeffe) 107
752tf Instrument (Balrd) :..107
7477 'Silent Water (Smith) 1C2
7521 'Isabutte (Jennings) 1C~
7515 'Maxtress (Kronlck) 102
751ft Little Wally (Brinkworth) 107
7f>28'Harka (Wellman) .....102
6697 'Salto (Fountain) ..102
7tO8 Miss May Bowdlsh (Blaslngame).....107
(7519)The Lieutenant (Stover) 107
7528 'Facts (Barker) 102
5487 Presidio (Hamilton Stable) 107
74C9 'Traps>etter (Ezell) 105
7519 North West (Clifford) 107
Sixth race, one mile and fifty yards, three
year-olds and up, selling.
7529 J. V. Kirby (Strobel) 104
(7521)'MoltO (Shannon) 104
7516 'Mr. Farnum (WilsonJ 09
7526 'Mocorlto (Wellman) 104
7520 Badly Used (Multnomah Stable) 104
7470 'Hermencla (Cahill) 09
7522 Meisterslnger (Hens-hall) 107
7513 'Homage (Stephenson) 99
7506 Sugden (Sturgeon) 1C4
accomplished what he tried for. Wal
thour was too much taken by surprise
to catch him. 1 'V' ;:
Then the partners in the five teams
named who were not then on the track
made their complaint and declared
their Intention of withdrawing. Their
partners then riding left the track and
all ten riders immediately surrounded
the officials and demanded that the lost
distance be restored to them.
Walthour, as spokesman for the dis
satisfied riders, argued that Stol had
not properly relieved Vanderstuyft and
that the lap was gained unfairly.
P. T. Powers, promoter of the race,
told Walthour and the others that they
had no right to leave the track as they
had done, either by the National Cy
cling rules or. the special contracts
which they made with the manage
ment. He concluded:
"You can go back on the track or not.
Take your choice."
After a conference between President
Batchelder of the National Cycling
Association and R. S. Kelcey, chair
man of the Board of Control of the
association, Walthour and the nine
other- riders who withdrew from the
race were indefinitely suspended.
The case will not be disposed of un
til the regular annual meeting in Feb
ruary. Until that time they cannot
ride on any track In the United States.
Walthour has engaged to ride in Eu
rope in .the early spring, but if the
suspension Is not lifted he will not be
allowed to ride on any track in. th_*
world, nor will any of the other sus
pended men. -
When Manager Pollock ordered the
ten men who had quit the race to leave
the garden a lively argument ensued
and the police reserves were sum
moned. ■ The excitement was over
when they arrived.
The garden was thrown into an up
roar, during the trouble, • and at one
time there was a series of fist en
counters air around the oval. Joseph
L. Sullivan, a handler for Keegan, was
given a severe beating.
Mr. Powers later issued orders that
none of the dissatisfied men nor their
trainers nor handlers was to be ad
mitted to the garden again.
Some time later Walthour and Mc-
Lean returned and had a talk with
Powers. Walthour afterward said he
asked Powers for. $600, which he con
sidered due him for the motor-paced
race on Saturday night and his work
so far this week and that Powers had
referred him to an attorney.
. McLean said he "was in the same
boat." ..He. added he had engaged a
lawyer, whom he had Instructed to at
tach the gate receipts at once.
Denial was made by the management
that there had- been any error in the
scorers' box as claimed by the riders
who left the track.
.The two leading teams, Vanderstuyft
and Stol and Root and Dorlon, had
covered 1289 miles 8 laps at 1 o'clock
this morning. No change had occurred
up. to that hour in the relative positions
of the twelve teams. Tne record for
this hour Is 1443 miles 6 laps.
Knocked Down by a Car.
...Andrew' 1 - Hallahan, while crossing
Market street at .Taylor last night,
was knocked downJby a Market-street
car:: .He was: removed* to the Emer
gency Hospital ; and ' treated for
bruises about the body.
FIVE FAVORITES ARE IN FRONT
Close and Exciting Finishes Mark Racing
at the Ascot Park Course.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 7.— Five favor
ites won at Ascot to-day, while the
winner in the sixth race was a heavily
played second choice. The books,
therefore,- suffered severely and the
betting crowd went home happy. There
were several close and exciting finishes,
but; no particular feature to the day's
sport.'
■ Cloverton, the favorite, won the first
race handily from Sceptre, with Effer
vescence third. Great Mogul was
heavily played, but spoiled his chances
by running away when going to the
post. Fireball was a l-to-2 favorite
for the second race and won all the
way from West Brookfield and Hilona.
The third race was a heavy betting
affair, Elflh King ruling favorite at 6
to 5. He won after a stirring finish
from Bath Beach, with Funny Side
third.
The fourth was easy for Capltanazo.
Milton Young . taking the place from
R. L. Johnston. Happy Chappy re
warded his backers in the fourth by
beating Our Pride and Dutiful. Our
DECLARES WAR AGAINST
WESTERN JOCKEY OLUB
Edward Corrigan, Backed by New
Orleans Association, Will Settle
Old Scores.
NEW ORLEANS. Dec. 7.— It Is to be
war between the New Orleans Jockey
Club and the Western Jockey Club.
This is the decision 'which the officers
of the former club have reached. The
fight' against the Western association
Is to be led by Edward Corrigan, who
has a number of scores to settle with
the association. He has decided to go
into this thing with heart and soul, and
not only will he have the power of the
New Orleans Jockey Club back of him,
but racing men' here believe he will
throw all other tracks in which he is
interested in the flght and to-night
they are prophesying that the days of
the Western Jockey Club are numbered.
; It. was announced that the New Or
leans Jockey Club would, within a few
days, make application fon membership
in the Western Jockey Club. It is a
foregone conclusion that this request
will be turned down.
The officers of the New Orleans Jock
ey Club will then ask again for an
equitable division of dates. This re
quest will also be refused, according
to the admission of President Samuel
Heisllp. Suit will then be brought in
the Federal courts here to force the
Western Jockey Club to show reason
why the new club was not given a
division of the dates and asking for
forfeiture of the charter of that as
sociation under the claim that its pro
visions have been wantonly violated.
The right promises to become one of
the warmest in turf history in the
West.
CHICAGO, Dec. 7. — The name of
Edward Corrlgan's backer has been
disclosed. The millionaire who of
fered the "Master of Hawthorne" a
fortune to start war with the Western
Jockey Club has been discovered. He
is none other than H. E. Huntington
of New York and San Francisco, the
nephew of the late Collls P. Hunting
ton. That Huntington and Corrigan
will lead a gigantic crusade against
the Western Jockey Club there Is now
no doubt.
FIFTY-SIX GREYHOUNDS
IN UNION PARK STAKES
Two Events to Be Run on Sunday
Will Make Up This Week's
Card.
Two stakes will be decided at Union
Coursing Park on Sunday. Sixteen of
the best greyhounds in training will
meet ,in the class stake. Forty well
matched ones will start in the reserve
event. The draw last night resulted
as follows:
Reserve stake — Medea, ts. Ready Address:
Belfast vs. Miss Lucille: Jerry Wright ts.
Little Mercy; Texas Mamie vs. Texas Black
lips; Peerless Beauty vs. Aeolus; Rich Array
vs. Duncan; Raby Aurora vs. Mickey Free;
Tamora vs. Story's Sister: Sherman vs. May
Tunison; Texas Jill vs. Belle Marie; Jlgamaroo
vs. The Raldtrr; General DeWet vs. Quicksand;
Anna Ryne vs. Racing Auto; Stlngaree vs.
Texas Hco Hoo; Bella Lloyd vs. Graceful
Carmen; Lancashire Lad vs. Bob R; Aggie W
vs. , Presto; McHenry vs. Cranberry Sauce:
Rusty Anchor vs. Forest Fire; Muggsy vs.
Runaway Actress.
•Class stnke — Renegade Apache vs. McVey;
Barge vs. Qulta; Lillle R vs. Belle Free; Doc
Burns vs. The Referee: Richard Anton vs.
Charter Momber; Lost Chord vs. Carlow Boy;
Friendless Boy vs. Lucy Clalr; Rocker Arm
vs. J. E. H..
Fitzgerald Defeats Sleloff.
INDIANAPOLIS, Dec. 7. — Willie
Fitzgerald of Brooklyn knocked out
Otto Sieloff of qhicago to-night in the
seventh round of what was to have
been a ten-round bout. Four-ounce
gloves were used. It was all Fitzger
ald's flght from the start of the sec
ond round, in which he knocked Sle
loff down twice. From that time
Fitzgerald played with his man to
give the crowd a longer fight, al
though he took a number of wild
swings made by Sleloff and some hard
blows landed on his face, which he
did not seem to mind. The flght was
in. the Auditorium Rink before a large
crowd. A hard left swing on the
head finished the flght.
New Orleans Racing.
NEW ORLEANS. Dec. 7. — Results of the
races:
First race, flve furlongs^-Lord o£ the Valley
won. Bell© of Portland second. Tristan Shandy
third. Time. 1:06 1-5.
Second race, one and three-sixteenth miles
Extol won. Gas Lighter, second, Merry Acro
bat third. Time. 2:13 2.5.
I Third race, live furlongs — Bishop Poole won,
Fallona second. No TrUmper third. Time,
1 :07 3-5. :
Fourth race, one mll« and seventy yards
Kankln won. Lurallghter second Dan McKcn
na third. Time, 1:58.
Fifth race, six furlongs — Viperine won. Mi
mosa second. Floral Wreath third. Time, 1:21.
Sixth race, one mile — Dusky won, Klelnwood
second, Latheron third. Time, 1:32.
Falls Through Open Shaft.
George Sada, a porter, plunged
through an elevator shaft at 21 San
some street last night and fell three
stories. Sada Is employed as a por
ter for Bauer Bros., and while en
gaged in his duties 'on the upper
story stumbled and fell Into the shaft.
He was. taken to the Harbor Emer
gency Hospital, where he was found
to be suffering from a broken arm, a
broken leg and internal Injuries.
Wrestler Jenkins Arrives.
Tom Jenkins, the ' great catch-ac
catch-can wrestler, arrived here yes
terday from the East. He is matched
to wrestle Buyazel, the Algerian, in
Woodward's Pavilion on the 16th inst.
It is expected Billy Roche will ref
eree. -He Is said to have acted in this
capacity in several bouts In Madison
Square harden. New York. The bout
will be in Graeco-Roman style, best
two In three falls. The strangle hold
is barred. .:...- ; • .
Pride would have been first at the wire
in another jump. Evea G. was the
best In the last and won easily from
Merwan, with Cinclnnatus, the favor
ite, third.
Weather fine; track good. Results:
Flrse race, selling, five furlongs — Cloverton.
117 (Fuller). 11 to 5. won; Sceptre. 119
(Prior). 2\i to 1, second; Effervescence. i(KJ
(Lawrence), 7 to 1. third. Time. 1:01 V».
Babe. Rlcetul, Suave. Great Mogul and Bretoa
also ran.
Second race, telling, four and a half fux
lon.-i — Fireball. 100 (Dugan). 1 to 2, won;
West Brookfleld. 107 (Lynch), 3 to 1. ncond;
Hilona. 101 (Washington), 3O to 1. third.
Time. :54V4. Homebred. Lady N'lnora, Lou
Men-ell. Jewel Chrlstai and St. Dixie also raa.
Third race, selling; »i* furlongs — Elfin King,
100 <E. Walsh). 6 to 3. won; Bath Beach. 103
(H. Smith). 8 to 1. second ; Funny Side. 99
(Miller). 7 to 1. third. Time. 1:14%. Lady
Mirthful, Cloche d*Or. Erlirula and Emperor
of India also ran.
Fourth race. Ocean Park handicap. i«v«n
furlong* — Capitanazo. 104 (E. Walsh). 7 to
S, won; Milton Young. 100 (Lawrence). 3 n
1. second; R. L. Johnston. 103 (W. Miller). 3
to 1. third. Time, 1:27**. Cutter also ran.
Fifth race, selling, five furlongs— Happy
Chappy. 107 (Lawrence), 9 to 9 won: Our
Pride. 119 (Tullett). 10 to 1. second; Dutiful
110 (E. Walsh), S to 1. third. Time. 103.
A*nea Mack, N'anon, Pllon, Patsy Brawn and
Wazer also ran.
Sixth race, selling, one and a sixteenth
mtles—Evea O. 103 IE. Walsh). 4 to 1. won-
Merwan. 99 (Lawrence). 4 to 1. second" Cla
clnnatus. 108 (Kent). 2^ to 1, third. 'Time.
l:4S»i- Iras. Heather Honey and Narator alia
ran.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PROFESSION^ CLOCKER.
SAN FRAKCISCO HEADQUARTERS:
224 Parrott Bldg. (Fifth Floor).
855 Market St. Phone "South 1045 "
OAKLAND BRANCH:
Room 8, No. 1155^ Washington St.
Ml ONE-BEST-BET
YESTERDAY
tHS,llo5,
WflU GALLOPING
"U'hat ray one- hors«- wire «al<j yejterday :
-THE OXK BEST BET OF THE
DAY 13 ANANIAS. • ANANIAS 1m
5!n a i C n th and ° re £ m - money from home.
oil in the can. Finished absolutely last
K n^°, veTnber ? '°' at least thirty lengths
behind ARCADE and GATEWAY, but
Sm?£ 7i m J earl from ?tart to fl"^h.
xhis is the best good thing of the week
to date. Lnbelt for the limit to win
Stand a tap. ANANIAS is as good as
tn now.
And ANANIAS certainly did roll Jn— dltfn't
he? But ANANIAS wasn't a marker to what
my full card *av» for a p!un_e to win. In my
consplet* wlr« yesterday, as Issued to all
clients, . 'V / >f
I Gave to WIN
PfflPifitolJON
. M J * meS K af e ! ald: "PO^APA.ls broken,
winded. but should win easily etc Play
straight and place!" *" ":
Illjio 5 IN
What my mossaga said of ANANIAS Is .to-
above. In foil.
C'nBuck13to20Won
My message said: "GOLDEN BUCK it a
l*ad pip* cinch. Plunge to win:"' For a heavy
place play, I cave:
MANSARDIOtolWon
My message «ald of MANSARD: "Two-h<M-«
race- between SAN NICHOLAS and MAN-
SARD. Both are very fit."
areTyou
GETTING
YOURS?
My One Best Bet to-day is an-
other "moral," Jike ANANIAS
was yesterday. But he'll 'be at
a fancy price! "Best bet of the
meeting!'' my message will read
on him. "Go as far as you like !"'
Better join "General Jack'*
Hornaday's list, before the book-
makers tighten up ! Just now the
layers are overburdened with a
lot of surplus cash that they r gath-
ered in .the East - this summer
from the millionaire > society
gentlemen that patronize the
game there. The bookmakers got
a drubbing yesterday, but are still
unconvinced, and probably will
remain so till they find them-
selves trying to borrow their fare
home again.
The prices they laid yesterday
against PONAPA, a Kansas City
stake winner, and MANSARD. »
"thirteen" horse around Chicago
last summer, would make a horse
laugh!
They need a guardian ! They're
easy plucking!
Are you getting Y yours? .
______ *
Terms, $2 Dally- $10 Weekly.
My friends are reques&d to send all corre-
spondence to my San Francisco headquarters
Out of town raw;i;'s filed with the telegraph
companies before 10 a. m. Telejraph your
subscription If out of town and an immediate
reply will be sent. Mntsaxo for local client*
ready at tny office at 11:30 a. m. Telephone
your order If unable to come in Derson an.t
the messae* will bo sent you M>at»d C O
D.. by American District messenger boy me<«l
sender charges collect. Thone No.. South 1(UX
Oakland office for the accommodation of Oak-
land. Alameda. - Berkeley and Eroery»»ll<»
clients only. Message ready at Oakland officeDERELICT MENACES NAVIGATION
Wreck qf Umkmowm^ Vessel Sighted Off Grays Harbor
' Unless the eyes of Captain Larsen ol
the schooner Annie M. Campbell de
< >.:ved him a large, new sailing vessel |
yas wrecked on this coast a week or!
F'. ago and her partly submerged hull
is now drifting in the path of coasters,
H.-grim monument to the power of the
tempest and a serious menace to navi
gation. -"^-
me Annie M. CamDbell arrived De
cember 2 at Grays Harbor. Captain
I.arsen reports tnat on December 1,
ebout thirty miles southwest of Grays
H arbor, be sighted the wreck of a
good -sized vessel. Ko name was visible
nor was there anything in sight to
Fhow what manner of vessel the dere
lict had been. One mast, the lower
part of which was painted white, was
sticking up about forty feet. The hull
appeared to be that of a new vessel.
This report was received at the Mer
chants' Exchange yesterday and al
though guesses by the score were haz
erded the mystery of the derelict's
identity has yet to be solved. Heavy
weather has prevailed along the coast
for tome weeks aj*tJ nearly every sail
ing vessel coming into port hse suf
fered more or less damage. A revenue
cutter may be dispatched to find the
dtrellet reported by Captain Larsen,
tnd after ascertaining the vessel's
name send the wreck to the bottom,
•where it can do no harm.
*
Schooner in Ferry Slip
The Terry- - boats UEinc; the Blips at the foot I
o' ?.:.•■:«■: elreet found themselves in itrar.ee I
company yesterday. In the middle tllp. with I
1,'f-r ; bow sprit extending; over the passenger
cpron and her deckload of lumber looming
h:rh above the fender plica, the four-masted
j_t hoctjer Borpalis ua* tnfcking herself at home.
The Harbor Commissioner* «re rebuilding the
» hart on vrhich the \Ve!i«-Fanro Company so
\'^r\K maintained its odoriferous depot for gram?
«r>d fish. The Borealis brought the lum-
!>r to h- used in the rebuilding from Eureka
»nd will occupy her snug berth until she ha*
tt-en relieved of her big cargo.
narkentincs Change Hands.
The John D. Ppre<-k<?ls A. Bros.* Company
ran aoM the barkentines W. H. Dtmond asd
F. ft. Caetle. and the two famous sugar pack
»t* will soon be engared In the codflshlng m
,<1u«r:r>. The W. H. Dimond has been bought
by \t)f Alaska Codflshing Company and Ed
xiard Fond is the new owner of the E. N.
Cade.
Curacao Kails for Mexico.
TTie Pacmc Coast Steamship Company's lit
O* !ir.f-r «A:racao sailed yesterday for Guay
r-.s« anJ way ports. She carried a full -cars
uni a. large number of passengers.
Mac at Halfmasf
The schoor.er Coqurllr. »hich was rupplied
*!th provisions i^cently at «** by the steam
er WhiUier. has arrived off BeaJon with h?r
.Cm: at half mast. The Co<;uHle left here Oc
'-K-tobtr 12.
Hie Overdue U*t
Th* vessels on the overdue list were quoted
'.fcr <* insurance yesterday us fellow*: Pitcairn
Inland. 20 per cent; Steamship Shrewt-bury.
W ter cent; Stcrk. end Edith Mary, 45 per
cent. '-■... S T~
N*E\VS OF THK OCEAN".
Mauers of Interest to Mariners and
Sliipping Mereliants.
The bark Santiago 6allod yestfrday for Hon
olulu with an assorted merchandise cargo,
valutd et i ■ ' .: . nnd Includinir th« following:
50 bb!s flcur, » ctls wheat. 2440 ctls barley,
CSS ct:» oorn. 44?7 lt>s middlir.jrs SI .254 lbs
Li»n, !« otl* oats, 1-jyi balf-s i.ay, 7C.M lbs
meal. -■K».5(>0 lbs silt. 100 sks rice. 34C3 gala
*-:n*-. 4W> gals gin. -Jy c« olive otl. 25 raska
fr-**!". «kX> lb» lar<3. .T o« table preparations. 5 ci
• hoeclate. 2t"2 lb« bread. 150 bxs pasta. 3U.4C*
ft lumrrfr. rSS bbls Ilir.e. 2St/ bbls crtr^nt,
42^,05 !b? fprtiliz^r, 2<> cits sewing machines'.
::27 pkgs paints and oilst, a cs matches, 66 bdls
♦T! birti iron. 1C% bxs soap. 2C24 ft hardwood,
1" ce coal cil. 57 pkgs millwork. S cs nail*.
3 :! c.v hatf. 1*. bale*- twine. 1« bdls 7C pc*
f:*^!. -"51 bbl;. lubricating oil. C2 colls rope.
1" cs rye. ~0 bd!» brooms ICO bales paper 18
l«W cai^r ts^s. 270 c« gasoline. Vtw gala
CMtllMte. 46 pk*s drj' goods.
Exports by the Queen.
The steamer Queen sailed on Tuesday for
Victoria with an assorted cargo consigned to
tht 'port cf destination and other British Co
lumbian ports, valued at i-cr.7 and Including
the following:
."13 pkg* fresh fruits. 15.275 1N> raisins
8704 lbs dried fruit. 95 gals 17 cs wine, 2 cs
APVEKT-LSiaiKXTS.
CCCCGnCECCECEHDHEaBHaHBiZEaBKEBlaESBJ3EEaGnEBHanr?
S MEN, I WANT TO TALK TO 8
g YOU ABOUT THIS BELT |
□ >^ggfe, I want tc talk to men who have pains and g
/£2>p2E**\ aches, whn feci run down physically, who re- H
E ffefo s^. \ alize that the old "fire" and energy which was ■
r '^ •/ so ev '^ cnt in youth is absent now; men who §
O I \^- ; _^L can't stand the amount of exertion thej could 5
q '^j?2*j year? a^o. I want yo>' jg
D y^ ~ 5^ l^ at means you — n
B V^JJ^^i^ /vcl *° sec wnat I have ■
5 ,^^ r^. \ , /'*£*1^ / ?\s done for others who H
2 / \ V V \J7 i^iA SASfr were iu-l as bad oft. g
B / -\ " \ v/\^Sk That's my introduc- S
□ ■' ■ \^i$Lx}Jii9EemM / rfi/%r whom you had confi- rj
H [ •^j£ 'T^^&^SBL^^ donee presented some a
D \ /^pfyf^ \\Jv f lpinlX^ <'n? to you and said, "Jack, B
E y--/ 9 ; lf?5a ' X! S here's Brown; he has mane B
n \ s/,**?^ "^r-— Rood with me. and I trust S
v\ '^tmm.Y'li', &n '^~ r lr-~~ him," wouldn't 3-011 trust 2
** ■ ~TI^K^* ■ fekz^' — ti* ~ Now. if you don't feel ri^ht, G!
B I can cure you with my Elcc- ■
" J^^rilfTt ; '' 'faC^^ 1 -*^ tnc c^' you are Ml °f "
L* it '-j9a^^xL rheumatic pains. I can knock
g in ' ''*/7l' «fe^fc8 ' nto y° u . r joints and limber gg
g2 ' J (\>/ "i\ { pV*T2*SL them up. I have often said that pain B
E ' / {! |SftiA^4 arid electricity can't live in the same eg
E2 'flj . ', '• j 'HJS®S^ h<.;ise. and I prove it every day. Ci
£3 ft , ■■'■ l qifc2*£i& vriteB: "I have been improving right 3
D LL* MMiiliiriaBa*** along. I do:) t jrot tir^d hs [ used to, my B
Q f //.'//•' (La appetite is good, digestion perfect. I feel ta
£j 7M,-^ja- i *&£$$ " ns stron K aR l ev *" r wa»- and thank you n
,r FV^vJ$»^^i«^7 Vfrr >' much lor your assistance and ad- „
'• MtflWIKJ&a vice." ./ R
k H*\\tir,£lnm zt Jt wcra 3Ot for * h « urejndlce dne to 5
n MiJH"""w«i«c the number of fakes In the land I K
- would net be able to handle the baalness "
Q that wonld coat to me. Tbe 'Tree Belt" fraud and the "Free Brut;" scheme. 18
(3 vrhicli are net free at all. have male every one skeptical, bnt I know that Z &
|g ' htrc a srood t!xinr. aafi 111 hammer away until yon know it. ej
B One thing every man ought to know is this: Your body is a ma- 9
IS .chine. It runs hy the steam in your blood and nerves. When you H
jS begin to break down in any wey you are out of steam. That's just §
■* what I want to give you back. g
— Z have a cure in every town. Tell me where yon live and Z will srive 1
S yon the name ci a man I"ve cured. Sj
Ul Tell me your trouble and I will tell you honestly whether i can a
m cure you or not. If I can't cure you I don't want your money. I _
gj hive been in this business 22 years, and I am the biggest man in it j
O to-day by long odds, and I am growing yet, because I give every jj
H man all he pays for. , ' H
H Now wouldn't you rather wear my life-giving appliance.- whi'e ■
™ you sleep every night, and feel its glowing warmth flowing" into you B
q and feel yourself taking on a new lease of life with each application §
t- than to clog your intestines up^with a lot of nauseous drugs? Surely. E
E Try me. " g
B Mr." H. A. B.-! krnkarnp pf. Clarksburg. Cal.. says: JT am completely E
■ cured of aa unusually 6evere^ case of rheumatism, something- dozens of r
m d<x-tnrs have tried but failed to do for me. so you may rest assured that »
n T require no further evidence of the ability af your Belt as a curative -2
B a R ent " £
B If you will come and see me. I'll explain it to you. If.you can't ■
■ call let me send you my book, full of the things a man finds inspir- £
B 'ing to strength and courage. Free if you send this ad.* a
■ Dr M G McLaue-klin 906 Market st. g
B Office Hour*— 8 a. m. to 8 p. m.; Sundays. 10 to 1. p
■■■■■■■■■■■■■BI»BBIIaBIBBBia»BaBlBBaaBBBaBlBB
E SCHOONER ANNIE M. CAMPBELL. WHICH REPORTS SIGHTING WRECK OF A LARGE NEW VESSEL OUTSIDE OF
- ...., ;.A.>iiUK. THE NAME OF THE DERELICT WAS INVISIBLE AND NO CLEW WAS FOUND AS^TO HER
IDENTITY. j
brandy. 424.% lbs malt. 7 pkpn groceries and
provisions. ♦» pkgs fresh vegetable*. 5 c« honey.
4 c» canned kcxmJs. 1:573 lbe nuts. 6 cs olive
oil. 11« pkFs past*. 1SC2 lbs <cft>e. 5<> cs
n:eals, S rcils leather, lui boiler tubes. 7 C5
nails, 3 bale* twlnp, 2 pkgs machinery. 2 cs
arras tnd ammunition. The steamer also car
ried 3i,375 lbs dried fruit and 625 lbs raisins,
valued at S1377. en route to Winnipeg.
*
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED. .
Wednesday. December 7.
Ftmr Ja? S HiKgins, Higgins, 37 hours from
RMor.do.
Strar City cf P*-ebla, Jepeen, C2 hours from
Victoria and way ports.
Stmr Corona. Glelow. 19 houn» from Eureka.
Stmr Emnlr*. Burtls, t>0 hours from- Cocs
Bay. • -• • ' '• -.-^ 2 r%- ■?.. . r- '■
Stmr Eureka." Jeefen,- 23 hours from Etireka.
J?chr H C Wright. Nielsen. 4 days from
Eureka.
CLEARED/ '
: - • "• « Wednesday. December 7. '
Stmr Cura~ao. Faul^en. GuaySiai; Pacific
Coart S:pamrh'.r> Company.
Stmr State of California, Thomas. San Di
ego; Pacific Coart Steamship Comc-any.
Stmr Bonita. Preb'.e, Sin Pedro; Pacific
Coast Steamship Conpanr.
Br ttmr Weliinrtun. Cutter. I^adysmlth;
Wr stern Fuel Comcany.
Stmr G*o W Elder. Randa.Il. Astoria: San
Francisco and Pcrt'.and Steamship Company.
Bark Sar.tiaro. Anderson, Honolulu; .J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
Wednesday, December 7.
Stmr Coo.uilie River, Adler. Crescent City.
Stmr Curacao, Paulsen, Guaymas and way
ports. -■-'■*': •■■-'■ ■■■"•
fitirr Whlttler. Dickson, Saa Pedro.
Stmr Arctic. Nelson. Eureka.
Stmr Marshfield. Dettiuers. Hardy Creek.
S.nir Santa- Cruz. Alberts. Pert Harford.
ftmr J&s S Hlggins. Hlgglns. Fort Liragg.
Bark Santinso. Anc»rson, Honolulu.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEM BKR 8. 1004.
1 Brig: W G Irwin. Hansen, Roche Harbor.
Kr a".:ip Madagascar McFarlane, Port Town
stnd.
Schr Poarl. Scderholm Scnak.
Schr "\V H Srrli.h. Hansen. Grays Harbrr.
Schr Ccsiflanza, Johnson. Notleys Landing.
Schr Mary C, Can:rh»li. rccega.
Batr» Santa Paula. Pette. San Pedro. In tow
of etnr Whlttler.
Nov II) — Lat 14 K, long 2« W. Br ship
Doris, from NewcastJe. Knr, for San Fran
cisco.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. D^r 7. 10 p m— V.Vather
hazy; wind N'E:. velocity ti miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN DIEGO.— Arrived Dec 8— Stmr Alas
kan, from New VcU. for San Francisco.
< L'MPQ1;a RIVER— Sailed Oec 0— Schr
Lcuise. for NevrDort. --
Et'REKA— Arrived Dec 7— Stmr Redondo,
hence Dec 0; cttnr Fulton, hence Dec 5.
' Sailed D«-e 7 — Stmrs Phoenix and Pasadena,
for Fun Kranciwco. ■
Arrived Dec 7 — Stmr Bee. hence Dec fi.
Sal'ed Deo 7 — Ftmr Redondo. for Portland.
PORT BLAKELKY— Arrived Dec 7— Bark
General Falrchi'.d. frcm Kaanapall.
REDONDO— Sailed D«c 7— Stmr Lakme. for
San Franclsro.
PORT HARFORD— tailed Dec 7. 8 P m—
Stmr Coca Bay, for San ' Pertrn.
CRESCKNT CITY— Arrived Dec 7— Stmr
De! Ncrte. hence Dec 5.
Sailed Dec 7 — Stmr Mandalay, for San Fran
cisco.
PORT HADLOCK— Sailed Dec 7— Bktn J M
Griffith, for San Pedro. ,
ASTORIA— Arrived Dec 7— Stmr F A Kil
burn. hence Dtc 3.
BAXDON— Arrived Dee 7— Schr Onward,
hence Nov 28.
Arrived Dec 7 — Schr Lizzie Prlen, hence
Nov 27.
SEATTLE — Arrived Dec 7 — Stmr Portland,
from Valdez.
Sailed Dec 7, 2 p m — Stmr Asuncion, for
San Francisco.
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed Dec 7— Stmr
Ccos Bay. for San Pedro: stmr Santa, Rcsa,
for San Francisco.
Arrived Dec 7 — Sehr Comet, from Grays
Harbor.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Dec 7—
Stmr Vanguard, hence Dec 5. and sailed for
Sen Pedro.
TATOOSH— Paswd In Dec 7— Br stmr Em
press of India, from Hongkong, for Van
couver. B C.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Dec 7— Stmr
Homer, for San Francisco.
PORT ANGELES— Sailed Dec 7— Schr Fcr
ester, fcr Port Tcwnsend.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Dec 7— Stmr Chas
Nelson, from Seattle.
Sailed Dec 7— Schr DauntWs. for Grays
Harbor; bktn John C Meyer, for Everett; Btmr
Premiss, for San Francisco.
ISLAND PORTS.
MANILA— Sailed Dec 3— Br stmr Ir.dra
wadl. for New York.
HONOLULU— Sailed Dec 7— U S stmr Sh»r-,
idan. for San Francisco.
Arrived Dec 7— Sttr.r Sonoma, hence Dec 1.
for Sydney.
EASTERN PORTS.
BOSTON— Sailed Dec C— Br ship Godlva, T0i
Buenoa Ayrrs.
NEW YORK— Sailed Dec 6— Stmr Allianca.
for Colon.
To call Dec 12— Stmr Atlas, for San Fran
claco. with baree In tow.
Arrived Dec 7— Stmr Advance, from Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.'
VICTORIA— Arrived Dec ft— Br itmr Yang
Tsxe. from Hongkong.
Arrived Dec 7 — Br stmr Kmpress of India,
from Hongkong.
Failed Dec 7 — Ft *hlo Guerver, for Esqui
mau. '.'.'.
COLON— Arrived Dec 6— Stmr Seguranca,
from New York.
HAVRE— Arrived Dec 5— Br ship County of
Klnrops. from Belllngham.
ANTWERP— Sailed Dec 6— Br ship Dun
syre, for Han Francisco.
CALLAO— Sailed Oct 29 — Br ship Celtic
Chief, fcr Iiuiqu*.
YOKOHAMA — Arrived Dec 7— Stmr Man
churia, hence Nov 10, via Honolulu. .
HAMBURG — Sailed Dec 0 — Oer stmr Luxor,
for Kan Francisco.
ACAPULCO— Sailed Dec 3— SJmr Alexander
Volta, for Champtrlco. Dec 4— Stmr Peru, for
Ancon. Dec « — Stmr Barracouta. for Cham
perlco. Dec 7— Stmr City of Peking, for San
Francisco.
SALAVERRY— Salted Xov 30— Schr Blake
ley, for Puget Sound.
. » ■
Memoranda.
Frhr Coquelle, from San Francics?o October
22 for Kandon. previously reporied with riR
glng carried away and short of provisions by
ittmr Whlttler. which supplied them with pro
vision*, arrived off Ccqullle River on Dec 2,
with t'aer at half-man.
Captain larsen of sehr Annlo M Campbell,
which arrived at Grays Harbor on Dec 2, from
San Francisco, reports on Dec 1 about 30 miles
S W of Grajri- Harbor passed wreck I of some
g-ood -sized vessel; no name or anything else
visible; looked to be a new vessel : one of i th*
ma.stft lower part painted white; about 40 feet
visible. - • ■ •- - .
Per *chr H C Wright,, from Eureka Off
Point Reyes was in vompany with »ehr Falcon,
from Grays Harbor, for San Francisco
VALPARAISO, Nov 1— Captain of Ger stmr
Neko, from Hamburg, at Punta Arenas re
ports on Oct 12, lat 48 S. long 04 W, sighted
an abandoned ve*el, which he believes to be
a danger to navigation.
Time Ball.
Branch ■ Hydro»;raphlc Office. U. S. N Mer
chants* Exchange. San Francisco, Cal
December 7, 1904. . '"
The Time Ball on the tewer of the Ferry
building *ai dropped exactly at noon to-day
i. e., at noon of the 130th meridian, or at 8
p. m. Greenwich time. J. c. BURNETT
Lieutenant, U. 8. N.. in charge
Sun, Moon and Title.
United* States Coast ' and -Cfeodetlc Survey
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San ■ • Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE — The hlsfh and low waters occur at
th« city, front <Jllse!on- street wharf) about : 25
minutes later than at Fort Point: the height
of ilde Is the same at bath plac?s.
THURSDAY.' DECEMBER S.
Sun rises 7:14
Sun sets 4 :50
Moon sets 6:36 p. m.
C iTlme| ;Tlme; Time) '|Time|
j I (.Ft. Ft. -I Ft. I—^- ! rt.
? iH W[ L, \V| H Wl |L W!
8 0:WI 4. Si 5:24' 3.0|lt:351 S.fil 6:::i|— 1.0
9 1:43 4.x I «:12j ::.O 12:17 5.RI 7:l»i— 0.7
10 2:30 4.8 7:02 3.l| 1 :C5 5.2; 7:57'— O.I
11 K.-lSl 4.8 S:OOJ 3.1 1:30 4.6! f:42; 0.2
12 4:0*1 4.»' T»:10 ;i.ll 2:40 4.2! 0:24( 0.6
13 I 4:50 5.0110:2a! 3.0j 3:471 3.7|10:07j . 1.1
NOTE— In th<? above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides . are given In the left
hand coiumn and the successive tides o* the
day In the order of occurrence a* to tlme;;'1?he
fourth time column eiVes the Ia*t tld» of the
day. except, when there ax*. but three -tide«V as
soniftlmes occurs." The height* given are In
addition to the. soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus < — »
sign precede* the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The viane of reference is the mca:i
of ths lower low waters.
Movements of Steamers.
■ TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. . From. I Due.--
Anrelia Portland i Astoria.. ..| Dec. 8
Arcata Coos Bay iDtc. H\
Elizabeth Coqullle River [Dec. 8;
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Pts De:. 8
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Artna Dec. 8!
Argo Eel River Pcrts Dec. 8
San Pedro ; Humboldi IDec. 0
Chehalls. .... San Pedro IDec. 9
Tltanla -Oyster Harbor |Dec. 9
Centralla | San Pedro IDec. 9
Nevadan j Honolulu & Kahului. . Dec. Si
Homer Grays Harbor I Dec. 9
Mackinaw Tacoma <~ IDec. »
Czarina Coos Bay |Dec. 10
Coos Bay San Ptdro & Way Pts.'Dac} 10
Columbia Portland & Astoria |Dfc.l0i
Vanguard.... San Pedro ...!Dec. 10!
Del Norte Crescent City |I)ec. 11
Newl'urg Grays Harbor |Dec. 11
G. Llndauer.. Orayi« Harbor iDec. 11
Arctic Humboldt [Dec. 11
State of Cal... San Diego & Way Pts.lDec. 12
Menes Seattle IDec. 12
Rainier Seattle & B?lllnsham. . iDec. 12
1}. Dollar 1 Grays HatbGr D»c. 12
Ventura j Sydney & Way Ports. I Dec. 12 I
L'matllla | Puget Sound Ports. .. .|D»c. 12]
Jeanie i Seattle & Tacoma ....IDec. 12 J
Kureka Humboldt Dec. 12:
Norwood San Pedro Dec. 12
Porao Point Arena & Albion. I Deo j 13
North Fork . . . • Humboldt | Dec. 13
Corona | Humboldt JDec. 13
Bor.lta j Newport: & Way Ports. I Dec 14
City Peking-, i New York via Ancon.. IDec. 14
F. A. Kllburn-! Portland & Coos Bay.lDec 14
' Breakwater. . .) Coos Bay • 'Tttc 14
G. W. Elder..' Portland & Astoria IDec 15 !
'■ S. Barbara Grays Harbor IDec. 15
1 Mor.Kolia • China & Japan IDec. 17
J M. S. Dol'.ar.. . China. A Japan iDec. 17
; Queen Puset Sound Ports . . . . ! Dec . , 17 ■
Nf-ko I Hamburg & Way Pts.|Dec. 19
■ ■ > TO SaTZ
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
December 8. | t
S. Monica.. Grays Hnrbnr I 4 pmlPtrr '1
! Montara Seattle dlrtct | 4 pmiPler It
j State of Cal San Diego &. Way. I 9 amlPirr II
Porno Pt. Arena A Alblonf 6 pmlPler 2'
N. Fork.... Humboldt ........ .| 0 amIPItr 20
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portlandjll am|Pler 24
i December 9. \ 1 .
■ Chehalls Grays Harbor. ... ..[.'.. ...ipter
Breakwater. Coos* Bay flirrct. . .1 ft pmlPler 8
Arcata j Coos Hay direct.. ..il2 m^lex 13
Ellzabeth...i Coquille River 5 pmlPler "0
Centralla... t Grays Harbor .... 4 pmlPier 10
Corona'. . . . . j Humboldt 1 ;3o p|Pier » '
Bonlta j Newport & Way.. 9 amlPier 11
Eureka Humboldt- ..... 9 am Pier 13
December 10. I
Point Arena Point Arena 4 pmlPler Z
Argo.. ...... Eel River Ports... 4 pnvPlcr -'
Aurelia Astoria & Portland 4 pmlPIcr 27
Alameda... Honolulu ;...ill am Pier 7
City Sydney N. Y. via Ancon.. J12 m Pier 40
Vanguard... Humboldt j p| er 57
December 11. | I
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports.jll amlPier 0
S. Rosa San Diego & Way.| 9 am Pier 11
December 12. | - 1
San Pedro.. Humboldt .'I 4 pmlPier °
Sequoia Willapa Harbor ../.|12 m!Pler '-0
Czarina.... "Coos Bay direct...! 0 pmlPier S
Pomona.... Humboldt .-•••..: .11:30 p Fler Si
Norwood.... Seattle direct ....( 4 pm Pier "
1 December 13. | I
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way.. I f) am Pl»r 11
Columbia... Astoria & Portlandjll am Pier 24
Gaelic China & Japan. ...|1 pm Pier 40
Nevadan...- Hono. & Kahului. .1. ... . .; p^ r 03
Homer Grays Harbor.; 1.7; . Pier —
' December 14. | I
Arctic....'.'. Humboldt . j 9 amlPier -2
■ December 15. | 1
G. Dollar...) Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Newburg... j Grayg Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
G. Llndauer i Grays Harbor. ..... 4 pm Pier 10
BanMateo.. Cent. Amer. Ports pj e r
December 16. I
Rainier..... Seattle & BHnsrhm 4 pmlPier 10
UmatUla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 amlPier 0
Jcanlc* Seattle. & Tacoma. a pmlPier °0
December 17, | - 1 -
Siberia China & Japan..-.. 1 p m p| er in
Newport.... N.--Y. via Ancon.. 12 mPlerHr>
F. KUburn .. Portland & Wayf.|...... p\lr —
FROM SEATTLE!. ' ~
8t*amer. Destination. Sails
Jeflerson..... Skagway & Way Ports. Dec 8
Portland. ...^. Cooks Inlet & Way Pts Deo' 10
Humboldt... ■ Skagway & Way Ports Dec 13
Farallon...... Skagway. & Way Ports Dec' 14'
Alkl.. ......... Skagway &Way Ports. Dae" 15
Santa Clars . .'. Seldovla & Way Ports Dec 16
After a man has had his leg pulled he
ought to put hia'best foot forward. '
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian, Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 7—5 p_;in.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for the previous day: -
Boston ..........32-26 New York 32-26
Chicago 36-26 ; Philadelphia 36-26
Cincinnati- 42-2S' Plttsburp . . . -• 40-29
Honolulu, H.- I,..$0-6KiSt. Louis ...:.. .44-34
Jacksonville 62-50 Washington .'....53-28
New Orleans ....48-42!
SAN FRANCISCO 58-48 .
' The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last season and the rainfall in the last twenty
four hours: ,
/ Last This Last
Stations — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 00 0.05 14.21
Red Bluff 00 10.79 8.45
Sacramento 00 - 7.58 ~~ 3.58
San Francisco 00 8. CO 4.42
Fresno :....... .Co 5.CB .CS
Independence ..." -.00 .45 .42
San Luis.Obispo 00 4.75 .50
Los Angeles '......... .CO 1.4S .43
San Diego ....■■ T. .23 .07
THE COAST RECORD.
■ n * ■• £ 2 a " - » ■ *0
i |bI| ■ *
STATIONS. 5 *| 33 §"* •
* ■ ** _*\ * «.__^
Baker .30.28 40 22 N Cloudy .00
Carson 30.24 42. B E Cloudy .0")
Eureka 30. 1« 58 38 W. Pt.Cldy .00
Fresno . .\ 30. 1« RS DO NW Cloudy .00
SE.. Farallan..30.10 o" 51 NE Clear .00
Flagstaff ./..... SO. 10 40 2« E Pt.Cldy T.
Pocatello 30.28 40 S S. Hear .00
Indei>end4>nc« .30.14 f.2 26 B Cloudy .00
Los Angeles.. .CiO.OO 74 48 S%V" Clear. .0!)
Mt. TamalpaliwO.14 5S 43 NW Clear .00
North Head ..30.14. W 4« K Cloudy .32
Phoenix 2O.J)<5 70 44 B Pt.Cldy .CO
Pt. Reyes Lt. .30.0ft 59 40 NW Clear .«)
Portland . :JO.L'O 42 2S N Rain '.02
Red Bluff :;0.10 T)H 32 SE »"lear .00
Rosebur? ..... :«>.!« 4t= 30 N Clo»Tdy .01
Sacramento ..30.14' 54 30 N Clear .00
Salt Lake 30.24 4 » 24 NW Cloudy .00
San Franclsco.30.lG 68 48 NE Clear .00
S L Oblspo 30.1*1 70 36 NE Cloudy .CO
San Diego 2;».0<l 70 32 ' E " Clear T.
Seattle .Tfr:20 Ill-KSE Cloudy .02
Spokane 3(1.32 30 22 W " Cloudy ■ .00
Tatoosh 30.10 52 44 SE Cloudv .42
Wnlla Walla.. 30.32 3fi 22 NW Cloudy CO
Winncmucca ..30.26 42 S SW Cloudy .•»
Yuma 30.00 CS 44 N Clear T.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Rain his begun to (al! en th? northern coast
from Ca,->e Blanco to Tatocsh Island. South
east winds prevail along the Oregon and Wash
ington coast. A maximum wind velocity of
34 miles, from the southeast, is reported at
North Hend.
Light showers are reported at San Diego,
Yuma and San B;rnardlno.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thlrty
hours. ending midnight, December S:
California, north of Tehaciiapi — C.oudy on
Thursday: probably showers along the north
em coast; light southeast wind.
California, south of Tehachapl— Cloudy on
Thursday; possibly light showers; light east
winds. L_-
Nevada — Cloudy: warmer ihursday.
San FraneUco and vicinity— Cloudy Thurs
day; light ea»t winds.
Lo-» Angeles and vicinity— Cloudy Thursday:
possibly light showers: light south winds.
Sacramento— Fair Thursday, becoming cloudy
at night; llpht r.crth wind.
y rJ . no _ :cioudy Thursday: light north wind.
' - A. G. McADIE, District Forecaster. ■
FREE FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
' • A
BEAUTIFUL
CHINA
SOUVENIR TUMBLER
OF SAN FRANCISCO.
Free With Every Small Ad in
Sunday Call.
See Small Ad Page for Further
Particulars.
BREAKS THREE RIBS.— Oakland. Dec. 7.—
John Brennan. a ship carpenter, living at 211
Fillmore streot. San Francisco, fell twenty feet
into the hold of a ship la the estuary -"hera
this afternoon and sustained Injuries that may
result in hi* death. Three of h!s ribs -^fcrc.
brcken and he was otherw!?? so badly injureu
that Drs M. L. Emerson and L. L. Riggins
had - him taken out to the County Infirmary.-
I AP\T£KTISOIEXTS.
UNITED STATES [RANCH, .
' STA FE/WENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
I LIVERPOOL ADD LONDON
AND GLOBE
INSURANCE COMPANY ;
OF LIVERPOOL. ENGLA.XD. ON THE 31st
day of D*c*:mber. A. D.. 1003. and for the
year ending on that day. as made to tbe In-
| durance Commissioner of the Stats of Cali- \
I fornia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections ■
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed j
as per blank furnished by yie Commissioner. |
>/-.<vv ASSETS. j
Real Estate owned by Company.. $l.S8«,013 Crt !
Loans on Bonds and Mort?a?e*.. 3.49S.75O CO
Cabh Market Val^e of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. 3,767. IO«> 23
Cash In Comrany's Office f<.3S0 42
Cash in Banks 1,308,552 W
! Interest due end accrued on
I Bonds and Mortgages 45.4"55 05 ;
Premiums In due Course of Col-
lection ' 1.M9.MS04
Rents due and accrued 10, ©CO (X>
Due from other Companies for re-
insurance on losses already paid 2,531 02
Total Assets $12,05(T,^l» 50
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid..... $24. H»
Lo**es In process of Adjustment
or In Suspense fiO3,aiC 51
Lo>*es resisted. Including: ex-
penses • • • • 57,250 CO
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running one year or less, $5,-
010.2S2 40: reinsurance 50 per
cent 2.505.141 20
Gro^s premium* on Fife Risks
runninK more than one year,
$.\in3,TS3 65: reinsurance pro .
rata 2.769,206 f>4
CcmmlHsions and Brokerage due
! and to become due 225,560 28
Due and to become due for Re-
turn Premiums and Reinsur-
ance 237.122 53
Amount reclaims ble , by Insured
on perpetual (Ire policies 273,323 SO
All other Liabilities 70,720 78
j Total Liabilities IB.806,378 15
INCOME. ~ ~
Net ca s '» actually received for
Fire premiums fO,S57,553 74
Received for • interest on Bonds
and ' MortKajres 1S0.14O84
Received for lrrt«rest and dlvl-
dendB on Bonds, Stocks. Loans
and from air other sources.... 153.518 04
Received for Rents 06.441 6s
Total Income 5",239.fi54 10
EXPENDITURES. "
Net amount paid for«Flre Losses
(Including $593,333 23. losses
of previous years) % 3,476,815 10
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage '........ 1.123,975 7<J
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges ■ for, officers, clerks, etc 377,13105
Paid for f State. National and
Local taxes 174,200 74
All other payments and expendi-
tures 434.00S 11
Total Expenditures '.. .-$A. 502.039 7 C
BS9@HPP B99rai Fire.
Losses incurred during the ye*r..$3,003,S38 19
Risks and Premiums. I Fire Risks.) Premiums.'
Net amount of Risks ■ .
written durlns the
year .....~ ?005,384,W»l $10,552,180 73
Net amount of Risks
expired during ,the •
year SW3. 705,407 0.158,681 45
Net amount «n force
December 31 f 1003. 053.557.012 10.174.066 05
'■- ; .HARRY W. EATON, U. & Manager. .
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this
8th day of February, 1904. }
W. H. WILDE Y. Notary Public.
County of Westchester, N. T.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT:
422 California Street. S/N i-RANOISCO
■CHARLES d. HAVEN, Resident Setfy.
a^MASON ilNNE, Assistant Sec'y.
ADVERTISESIEXTS.'
Pretty boxes and odors
are used to sell such
soaps, as no one would
touch if he saw them un-
-•■-■•- . . v* "i" i;
disguised. Beware of a
soap/ that depends on
something outside of it.
Pears', the finest soap
in the world is scented or
not, as you wish ; and the
money is in the merchan-
dise, not in the box.
Established over ioo years. '.-. f
\— i -^r- — —
IpadtcdcI CURE SICK HEADACHE.
LAnltno • r. _
SPiTTLE uEnutna Must Bear
g IVER Fac-Simile Signature
P PILLS. y^ -t^~~~~ : * ■*
1 3^ OCE.\X TRAVEL.
8 Steamers leive Broadway
wharves <pler* 9 and 11).
San Francisco:
Fcr Ketchikan. Wrangel.
Juneau. Treadwell. Halne«.
Skaguay, etc. Alaska — \1
a. m.. Dec. 1. «. 11. 16. 21.
•JH. .11. Jan. 5. Chance to
this company's steamers at
Seattle.
For Victoria, VancouTer. Port Townsen-l.
Seattle. Tacoma, Everett. South Bellingham.
BeUlngham— 11 a. tn. Dec. 1. 6. 11. 18. 21, 28.
31. Jan. 5. Change at Seattle to thla com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Hy. ; at
beattle cr Tacoma to K. P. Ry.: at Vancouver
; to C. P. Ky.
! For Kurt;Ka (ljuraboldt Bay) — Pcmona. 1:30
1 p IE.. Dec' 12. >S. 24. 3O, Jan. 5. Corona.
1:30 p. m., Dec. 3. ». 15. 21. 27. Jan. 2.
1 For Los Anreles tvia Port Lc^s Angeles and
Redondo). San Dlesa and Santa Barbara— Saa-
: ta Koso. Surday*, ft a. m.
| State of California, Thursdays. 0 a. m.
! Fcr Los Ansel's 'via San Pedro and Fast
San Fedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Crui, Mon-
iriey. fan t«i:.M n. •*«>»«>*. Hvrt ri.»ric«-J t 3^>
Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Hueneme.
UoniUi. :• a. m.. l>ec. I, ». IT. •_•«. Jan. 2.
i Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Dec. 5. 13. 21. 23. Jan. «.
For Ensenada. UaKdalena, Bay, @an Jo*e del
; Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata La Paz. Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas iMex.). !0 a. rr... 7th each mo.
[ Fcr further information obtain folder. Right
I is reserved to ••hariro «traicerp cr sclllnir dates
; TICKET OJTICTS — 4 New Montgom-
ery Rt. (Palace l!fttl>.1f> Market ««..ar.<« Braatl-
' way wharves. Freight OOce 10 Market st.
;' C. D. DUN ANN O»n»ral F»i»s«na;er Arent.
• 10 Uarket stt.. San Francisco.
j The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter st., wlJl
• rail fcr and check baireaze from hotels and
! residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
AsrsBzcAzr line.
i riymenth — Cberbcnre — Southamptoa.
; New YrrH D?c. t7[Pt. L->u!8 Dec. 31
■St. Pan!.. :.:... Dec. 2*' Philadelphia ..Jan. 7
ATIiAXTIC TEAlfSPOTtT LIKE.
TSe-w TTcrk — Iioafion Direct.
! Man!tou.Dec.l7. 10 «rpJMlnnetonka.Dec.31.1 p
: Menominee.Dec.24, 10 a Jteaiii..Jan 7. 10 am
! BED STAS XtTBX.
: New York — Antwerp — London — Paris.
CalMnz at Dover fnr London and Paris.
Zceland D*c. I'jVaderland Dec. :3l
Krocnland Dec. 24 Ze»bmd Jan 14
; \ -wEm: sttak line.
I7«w YcrX — Oneenstown — Liverpool.
Majestic. Dec.2t. 10 am'Cedrtc .Jan. 4. 4:.'!0 am
, Baltic. .Dec. 2?. in anv Teutonic. .-Jan. 11. 10 a
i -"Bostcix — Onsensrtown — Llveroool.
j C>-mrto Dec. 21IWInKred.cn Jan 4
I JTEW TOSX AI?D BOSTOJT DOECT
To toe SXetUterraneaa.
Via Azores. Gibraltar, Naples, Genoa.
Alexandria.
FROM NEW TOIiK.
REPVBLIC Jan. 14. Feb 25
CRETIC F»b. 4. March It
FROM BOSTON.
CANOPIC Jan 7. Feb IS
■ROMANIC Jan. ?« March 11
■ C. D. TAYLOR. Pastenarer Acent Pacific Coast
21 Post st.. San Francisco.
filrftA/MUiP {£ 4& sTA 4 "«»". mxo*. <fo
oiRtfj uu id uvir.
E. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu, DeclQ* 11 am
IS S. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney, Thursday, Dec. 22. '2 n m
! 6 S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Dec. 31. 11 a.' ra!
! J.P.SFBECOLS&BROi CO., A2tS.,Titfe!0flC35U (u-
| iti Imflit CScj 327 Kartei si, Fi?r 7. ?aciiL: ,i
tOKPAOSIS GKHSaiiSTEAXSAT-^S^j;;
I DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.'
Sailing ever>' Thursday Instead of «f 17-rl
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier ■■'^ ' .
42, North Klver. foot of Morton st.
! First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
■ end class to Havre, $45 and upward. GEN-
1 ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES A.Nt>
CANADA. 32 Broadway ■ (Hudson buildinr;
i New York. J. F. FUOAZI & CO.. Pacific Coasi
: Ac<>nts. 6 Montsomery avenue. San Francisco.
! T:cket<« add by all Railroad Ticket AR»nts.
! . . ', ~~~*
For TT. S. Navy Yard aad Vallejo.
! Strs. General Frlsbie. Monticello and Arrow
; 9:ib a.m.. 12:30 p.m.. 3:15 p.m.. ti p.m.. 8:30 p!
ro. Leave San Francisco Sundays *f>. »5 a.m..
' 12:3U p.m., ti p.m.. H:'M p.m. Leave Vallejo. 1
' a.m.. 'J a.m.. 12:30 p.m.. 3:15 p.m., ti p.m. Sun.
. days. 7 a.m.. J» a.m.. 3:20p.m.. fi p.m. Pier 2.
ft Mission st.; phone Main I3i»s. HATCH BROS.
Por U. S. Kavy Yard aad Vallejo. .
Stmr. H. J. CORCORAN leaves north end
Ferry bldg., foot of Clay st., 10 a. m., 5:30
I p. m.; Sundays, 10 a. m.. 8 p. m. Leave
Vallejo. Aden'a wharf, 7:15 a. m., 2:30 p.
m. ; Sundays. 7-15 a. m.. 5 p. m. Fare 25o
♦ach way PIPER. ADEN. GOODALL CO.
RAILWAY TIIAVEU
Mr mS9L
iciilCAGO T |N 3 DAYSi
W3t LEAVES OA1LY AT9!3OA.M W
EWITHOI N ERS AMP SLEEPERS j§§
a^fci^^Ea^^^Vsai^SI;' l %teiSH 1 J«JM^i^|
Other Saata Tc Trains i
0-30 I' S.' t For Stockton. Fresno. Bakersflell.
8ioo p! mj Merced. Hanford and Vlsalia.
4:C0 p. m. For Stockton.
8:00 p. m. Fcr Kansas City. Grao4 Canyon
and Chicago-
Ticket Office*— 641 Market «t. and Ferry Depot,
San Francisco; also 1113 Broadway, Oak.
land, Cal.; also 27 South lat. San Joe*.
j^^^^^ ROSS VALLEY, '
l^^^^^j CAZADERO, Etc
'SwlBis»^SS<Sw« Yia Sausalito Perry
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Franciaco, daily, at T7-03
7:45. ft:25. 0:10. y:30, U:00 a. m.; 12:20 l : 4j"
»:1S, 4:33,' 5:13, 5:io. «:3O. 7:15. 10:15 aa J
11:35 p. m.
• Arrive -at San Francisco, dally, at re- li>
7:35. ©:15. 8:10. 0:35. 10:50 a. m. : 12:10. l : 3o"
2:55. 4:25. 5:05. 6:42, 8:22, 6:57. 7:40 ami
11:25 p. m. ,
tDally except Sunday.
For Fairfax, dally, at 7:45 a. m.; also Sat-
urdays at 3:15 p. m., and dally except Satur-
day and Sunday at 5:15 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a.-.m.' dally — Cazadero and way station*.
3:15 p. to.. Saturdays only — For Cazadero'
etc. f _ .
5:15 p< m. daily. - except 8aturday »M Sun-
day. . for Tcmales, etc. •
TICKET OFFICE— €50 Market at. .
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market «t.
v .- HATLWAY ' TRAVEL. * a '.
: - ■ ■• .»-...
jS&~fj~**\ Train !••▼• a* 4 »r« <t««
/o^fTTTT^X " t» »rH T9 St
LC^2| 8AN FRANCISCO.
Xral^ 1^ V/ F««aT Dwrrt
IJyS (Toot of Market Strsot >
lwawk - MAIN UNE. .-Mir*
7.00a V»c«Tiile. winterCTtnim«y»^.... 7 50*
7.00a Bealrta, ETmlra and Saerametfto..- 720»
740a T»UeJo. Napa, CaMttora, SaaU
Ho«*. Martlaee. Saa Iismon 8 W»
7.30 a Nll^a. Tracy. Latbrop. Stockton .... 720*
8 SCa Sbuu Expresn— (Via D»»U>.
WUllaait. TTtUowa. tPrato. R»d
BlaS. Portl*nd. Tacoma, SeatU* 7.50*>
1 COa D*rla.irood]a.nd.KnlzauLa»<Ua&
Msryarille. Oro»Ille 7-50a»
B 30* V*rt!aex. Antlocn. Brroa. Traer.
Stockton. Ni»m»ii. Loa Baaoa.
Meadata. Armona, Haaford.
VlaalU 5ortervnie 4.2O
130a Port Coata. Modetto. Msreed.
Freaao, Uoabcs Joaetloo, Haa- . „■
-_T ford. VlaaHa. BaSeraaeld 4-SO^
1-.0* Nile*. San Jo**, LtTcrmnre. Stock-
ton. (tMUtoa>. l«ne, S*cr»menta __
MtryaTllle. Cbico. Red BlaS .... 4.20»
IJOlA Oatcdale. Ch!»H J«n3Aatow#. 9o
nora. Tnolunm* an I Aocnla ..... *^5*
8 00* Atlantic P.xpr^st— O«:CcnanJ E»«t. 520*
9. 30a Richmond. Martlaei and Waj m __
atatlona • SO
10 00a Tbe OverUod L!mlt:<l — «'jrien.
Omabit. Caleaeo, Denrsr. K»aJM
Cliy. St. Louia • 23*
IOCOa Tallejo_._ 12^8»
ICOOa Lo« An;r«lea Fasaeaser — Port
Coata. Martines. Byron. Tracr.
Latarop. Stockton. Merced.
Barmond. FTeaao. Ooalt«a Juno-
Won, Uanford. Lemoore. Vlaalia. ' "t
-■' BakeraSeld. 3Lo« Anfrelea 7.20»
12.00m H«yw»rrt. NIlea and War Stattona. .f 2Q»
t10CPSarrameDtolUTer3teamera. ttl.OO*
$ ZOp Bealeia. vriatera. Sacraaeata
'Woodlaad, Kstebr* landtag.
UarraTllle. OroTllle aad way
stations 10.50*
• 3O Hayward. Jfilm »nd War Statlona.. 7 .50«
5 30 Port Cost*. M *rtaiex, Byroe,Tra«r.
\ I.athrop. htock^a. Modesto.
Herced, Berenda. Trestio and
War Statlona beyond I'ort Costa 12 2!>
4 00^ Uartlnes.SanIUmo4.Vaaiela.Xap*.
Caltatcics. 8ant*n<oa. 920a
400p Sllea. Tracy, fitx-num 10-204
4.30P Harward. Nilea. lrrla^on. S*at t8.5OA
Joae. LlTermor* I t1 1.50a
6X0a>Tbe Owl Llmlie4— Newman. Loa
' Hanoa. Mcadoia. Trasao. f ultrt,
IHkeriO»ld.Lca Aa«ale». .....~ 8-50*
IS 30p ;i»jw»r.i, xi:«a «u<i >»u Joa* .^-_ 7.20a
• X0p :iayw*rd. NHcaand Saa Joa« 8 iC>
6 0Cp Ea»t«ra Ex Jr«aa — Umana, Chicazo,
Dearer, iwaasaa City. fit. Loala,
iUrilcn. Stockton. SacramanM.
Coifaz. Reno. Spari». Maauilot
Osdea T2.5O
•.BOP Vallelo. dallr. except dondar.... » 7 en»
7-OCP Vallejo. Sundar only f 760 *
7JK)P Klcbmond. san Pablo. Port Coata.
Martinet and War Statloaa 11.23a
/.COPBeno Pajss«n«;er— hort Coata. B«-
nlcta. Sutsun. Elmtra. Dtzon.
Darta. Sacramento, Sparks. Tono>
pan. Keder aad Way St»llon«... 7.50a
• 43Bp Orrgoo * California Kxpreaa— 3ao> -•.' ■
nuaento, Marjavllle. Raddlog.
PorUnud. Paset Sooad and Eaat. 8.50a
I.IOp Uayw ir <i, Nllea and Saa Joa« (sun-
daronly) 11-60%
COAST LINE (i»rr«w i.aa«ej.
— _ (Foot of M»r»cet Street.)
8.16a Newark. Centerrflle. Saa Joao,
Fetton. Buqlder Creek, Santa
Crui and Way Stations 65S*>
12-16? Newark. CenterrlUa. Saa Jots.
.' New AIn>aden.LoaGatoa,Felton,
Bonldvr Creeic, Santa Crui aad
Principal War Station* tiOSS*
4. 15p Newark, eaa Joae. Loa Gatoa...]
«S 3Cp Hunters' Train (Satardar tinijy-
San Joae and Way Statlona 17.23a
COAST LINE (liroA^ t.Aac.i.
m Cg~ ( third anU lOwmenJ Streeta.)
f" 10a Son Joae and Way Sutlooa. 6-30p>
00a San Joae and Way Statlona 5.40P
I.CQa New Alnuidea (Tues.. Krld.. onlr>. 4-1Q»
• 00a Ths Coajtrr— San Joae. Sallsaa.
Baa Ardo. Pmo Boblea. Santa
Margarita, San Lula ObUpa.
Onadalape. Gavlota. Santa Bar-
bara. Saa Baeaarentura, Moa-
talTO. Oxnard, Unrbank. Loa
Aagelea . 13.33*
800a Gl'ror. UoIlUter. CuiroTiiie, Del
Monte. Paciac Grove, Surf. Look-
poc 10-SCp
B.OCa ban Joae. Trea Plnoa.WatsonTlTle,
Capltola. Santa Crux, Paciae
drove, Saltaa*. San Lnia OliUpo
and Principal Way Stations. ._. 4.13»
10.30a Saa Joae and War Stations. ....... . 1.23»
11 20a Saa Jose aad War Matloas. ....... 7.30?
2 15p ban Jose and Way Stations 838*
J CLP Del Monte Kxpreaa— Santa Clara.
S-o n Joae. WataottTtlle, Santa
Cru*. Del Monte. Monterer,
Paclfle Grove 12-15*
13-00* Loa Gatoa. Wrtgbt. Boulder Creek.
Santa, Cruz, via Santa Clara and
Narrow Gauge tiO-43*
B-20p Valencia St., Sontb Saa Fritn-lsco.
■ Burltneama, San Jose, Gilroy,
Hot lister. Trea Pino* 10.48*
4.J0P Fan Jose and War Stations 18.00a
■*6.00p Santa Clara. San Jo*e. Loe Gatoa.
iiaii principal War >tatlona (ex-
cept Snnday) tS-OOA
IS.ZOp baaJoaraadPrtaclpalWayStaxlona' 19.40*
b 45p Sasset Exprcs*.-ji:ed wood. Saa
Jose. Gllroy>alln**.l*aao Iloblea.
Saa Lula Oblspo. Santa Barbara,
Loa Angelea. Demtntr. Kl Paso.
et.Lonls, \ew Orleans, XewTort 9.10*
6.45Pl"«Jaro. WaUonviile. Capttola,
eaata Cruz. C'aitro villa. Del
Uonte. Puclflc Grove.... 10-30*
16-IBp >ai.«latro,Bereaford,Be!mont.6aa
tarioa. Uedsrood. Fair Oaka.
llenlo Park. Palo Alto 18.48*
6 31p Saa Joae aad Way SUtlona. 8 38a
SCOpPalo Alto and Way Station*. 10-ISa
il.iOp South San Fraoclsco. UlUbrae. Bor-
!lng-ame, San Mateo,' Belmont.
Sao Carlo*. Uedwood. Pair Oaka.
Meslo Park, aad Palo Alto r$ 45»
•1110? Mayt-tld. Moontatn View. Sunnr-
vale, Lawrence. Santa Clara an J
San Joae 13. 45*
A for Morning. P for Alternoo*. ~~~
1 ftaada; excepted. 1 Sunday only
4 Saturday only. 4 Monday oalj.
ibiops at all atattoaa oa Suaiiav^
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
Tibaroa Perry, root of Market Street.
SAW FKAZTCXSCO TO SAN EAPASL.
WEEK DAYS-7:3O, 0:00. 11:00 a. ro.; i2:3X
3:30. 3:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursday*— Zv.rz. trij
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:30 and 11:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:CO. 9:30. ll:0O a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
5:0O. «:Ct>. 11:30 9. m.
SAN BA7&EL TO SAW T^ASCISCO.
WEEK UAYS— <t:0o 7:.». 7:SO. 8:20. ll:li
a. m.: 12:iO. J:4O. a:W>. 6:2V p. tn.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:09 and 6.33 9. m.
SUNDAYS — »:w. ».««. 11:15 a. m.; 1:4U. i.W.
*:(jC, S:OS. e:-5 p. n.
Leave I la Effect I Arr!v»
San Fran. I Oct. 2. 1904. I San Kra.^.
Week I Sun- I Lhsstica- ■ Sun- i W».k
Daya. ! rtay». . tl-.?o. | daya. I V»y^.
T:30a|»:OOaf . I 9:10 al ?:40 »
tt:30a Icnacto. 110:40 a tO:!.t> «
S:30 p 3:30 p «:<» p «:2» >
5:10 pi 3:C0pi ! »:33 PI
J-30 a I 9:10 al 8:40 1
♦' 8:00 a Novato. JlO:*Oa 10:Cw -.
3-30p 9:30a Peutiuma [C:05p 0:20
S:10p 3:."'»p «n«1 I 7:32 p
(O:00pf Santa Rosa. I
1-80 a : •• >«i:40a!10:?o v
8:00 a Fnltoa. f 1:33 v «:2t> »
»:S0p 3:30 p I ■ ■ - I
•WUwlsor.
7 JO a 8:00 a Healdsburr. 10:40 a'I0: 20 »
-• Lytton. ■
S:30p 3:30 p Gey»<»rvlll<». ":Z'p 6:?0 o
; Cloverial^ t -
7-30 al 8:0O al Hopland 110: W n.lO::'» 1
3:30 p| 3:S0p| and Uklan. ( 7:.»pj &:2Ot
I "1 WUIIU and I J
7:30 a| 8:00 a| Sherwood. | 7:35 pf 8:J0 »
7:30 al 8:Ma| 110:40 ail0:20).\
3:30 p| 3:S(Ipl Oaemevllle. 1 >:3S p! «:2» ■»
T:3O al 8:C0a| Sonoma. I !>:1')«! S:H>»
5:10 p| 5:00 p| Glen Kllen. I 0:03 pt (I:?) r»
7:30 a! 8:00 al 110:40 a|10:i><»
3:30 pi T»:20 fit SebastopoL i7:3Sp'8.«0p
STAGES connect at Gr»«a -Brae for Sin
Quentln; at Santa Ron for 'White 8ulphur
Spring* and Mark West Sprlnss: at Lytton for
Lytton Springs; at GeyaervUle for ?<a<c
Strinzs: at Cloverdal* for th" Oeyaers. Bcoo«>
ville aad Greenwood; at HopUnd for Dunraa
SL,rin*a Highland Sr^iss. KvlaeyvWa. Cart*
tad Eprlasa. Soda Bar. Lakeport. Bartlatt
tjprins» and Lake C<vJ"ty Hot Sprlna;*: *:
Ukiah for Vichy Sprlnirs. Saratoga Spring.
Blue Lakes. Laurel I>11 L«k», Witter Sprtni;».
Upper Lake. Pomo. Potfcer Valley. John Da>'«.
Riverside. Llerly't. Bucknell's. Sanhedrln
Heights. Hullvill*. Orr's Hot Sprlnsa. Halfway
House Comptche. Hopkln*. Mendoelno City.
Fort Bragg. Westpcrt and Usal; at WUHtj for
Fort Brass. Hearat and Kawryers; at Sherwooj
for Calito. Covelo. Laytonvlile. Cummlass.
Rell'a bprlngs. Harria. Kubbard. Fruitlaad.
I3y*F, Garb#rvllle. Camp iS. I'epjerwood. Scott*
and Ei^rckx.
Saturday to Monday round-trip -tickets a: caw
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all potsta
beyond San Rafael at naif rates.
Ticket office. 630 Market «tre«. ChroalcU
bu jAs"L rnAziE*. R. x. rta*.
" Gen. Manacar. Gen. Paaa. Ayt.
IVlT, TAMALPAIS RA 1LWAY
~Lt. Jaa Fnseiice j .jitf », **- **■ r^antuca
~ZZZ~ »:«3Af«vSwPS3 »:3Or •1O:3O*
9:50a 9:AUA|\SpKa«HP 3:55p 3:33p
'ui'd'r i;4Spl 6:33p ""el'i'ap
bauitT* 4:35p 8atart»v» ll:13p
.'Tut Grarity far Y , H Tanalpaa ti Kffl Tafla?
TiaiT i 650 Markkt St^( North Shore RallroGdl
WflOB } aad Sausalito FcutY. Foot Market S*. *
WelfGi $LoWli
1112
THB^CAMi
Adirvss Communication* to !
W. J. M.YimX. . J5uslnr» juaaasw
TELEPHONE.
A*k .'or THE CAI-L. The Operator Will Con-
nect You Wiih the Kfpartment lou Wish..
Publication Office Market and Third. S. F. |
I _!•■ ::.-i Boom- _17 to 2^1 Stevenson itt.
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Cts. Per Week. 75 ;
Ct*. Per Month. Slncle Copies 5 Cts.
Terms by Mall. Including Pcstage (Cash v» Itn J
Orvet):
DAILY CALL (includ. Sunday). 1 year. . .$5 00
DAILY CALL itnclud Sunday). C mos... 4.W
DAILY CALL — By Single Month •?=
SUNDAY CAI.L. 1 Y<?ar 2 -£(
V.TEKLV CALL. 1 Year • J °°
FOPfiRv [Daily. . .$* .80 Per Year F.xtra
POSTAG E. ] wiSfc i * .no I -er Yea r Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ASK AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
6«_:p!e Ccpie. Will Be Forwarded When
Requested.
Mall *_b€crlbere In ordering change o. ad-
Crees thould be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS -In order to insure a
jiron-.pt «cc correct ccinpliance with their re-
IWsL
OAKLAND OFFICE:
iC16 Eroa.way Telephone Mala 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE: £-
tits Outer Ktreet Telephone North . *
Washington correspondent:
-AMUF— W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Wa.ldcrf.Attoria Hotel; A. Brentano. Jl
Ction 6<j-ar*; Murray HiU Hotel; Flfth-uvenue
Houl acC Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ebenran House- P O. News Company. Great
Korthern Hotel; Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Painter House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KKOGNEFS MarcjueUe Building.
•Long Distance Telephone. "Cer-tral 2819-")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN 13. SMITH 30 Tribune BulMlng
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUFIVEFS OFFICE of the SaL Francisco Call.
i-crnfi- Varkrt and Third Ftr<-ets; open until
12 c' clock every nlcht tn the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
IOCS Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
11 P. tn.
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay: open until
P:30 p. ni.
COO Haye- etreet: cpen until 9:S0 p. m.
*S0 ICcAXUcter Ftrwt: open until 9:30 p. a.
tlf> Larkln street: open until 9:30 p. m. v
IJ»<1 Vis*Ion etr**t: cpen until 10 p. m.
10*5 Kleventh etreet: cpen until 9 p. m.
100€ Valencia ~tre€t; open until 9 p. nx.
Ncrttieast corner Church and Duncan streets;.
"pen until 9 p. m.
.200 Fillmcre street: cpen until 9 p. ra.
mzethtg notices.
A BISSU—AB meeting of Ycrba Buena
lyodge of lVrlecticn No. 1. A. an-1 A. JT
Scottish Rite of Freemasonry, n-ill be f\
h.l.: in Ccmmandery Hall. Mavonlc c^\a
Temple, on THURSDAY KVEN1NG, — ~*
IVct-mber N HKG, at 8 o'clock. Degree 5.
Visiting brethren cordially invited.
HENRY BURNER. Secretary.
MISSION Charter No 79. R. A. M.— O
Sped-] meet— « THIS (THrRPDATiYy 1
EVENING 7:30 o'clock. M. M. De-/V\
pre*. JXO. R. HILLMAN, Sec. •
LA PARFAITE Union Lodge No. 17. «_
F. and A. M-— -Called meeting FRI- W
DAY. December 9. 15KM, at 8 p. m. /VN
First Degree. By order of the W. M.
P. ST. -fLJ-IUN, So< retary.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120. F. and A. O
M.— Special meeting THIS (THURS-'V\f
DAT1 EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. /V\
Third Degree. Master Massns cor-
dially invited. By order of the W M
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No" n
212. F. and A. M.. meets THISVV
(THURSDAY) EVENING at 7::{»AA
©• clock. By order '
wm. McDonald, w. m.
BTAHR KING Lodge No. 344. F. and _£
A. M.. ol7 Devisadero st— First De-^fV
*rree THIS (THURSDAY) EVENING /V\
at 7::>0 o'clock. ViEiting brethren
cordially invited. By crder of the W M
H. F. WRIGHT, Secretary.
TERBA BUENA L'xlge No. 15. I. ..•*--*_.
'• O F. — Initiatory Degree THI?i?3(_S5S__fc
(THURSDAY) EVENING, I .*-^^S«3*5
**mber h. Visiting and sojourn- •^B^W>""
Ing brothers cordially Invited. By order
CHAS. A. TOEffELu'n"^.''' 1 G '
UNITY Lodjre No. 131 1. O. O F Z&m*0Z~
'■":., t-,. >..,.- n -i[| aswm bi e in tn*-i ; rj-EJiK£ > -
. dgeroom at 1 j m., TIIURS-=tsSa_|_§i
r>AY. December 8. for the :>ur- "^KiF 1
ro«e of conducting the funeral of our lat*
trotter. JAMES <i. FARNHAM P G
. r, r, ~~r. K H - ANDREWS. N. G.
A. P. BUTTON. Recording Secretary.
PA CI FIC Lodye No. l.%5. I. O. O -icfi-v/
F.. Prospect H&::. Odd >V!!ow<= ; .-iijv&t&i--
bid*.— Initiation THIS (THURS-^^&gEuSg
DAY) EVENING. Visiting broth- <J 5hw35^
ers welcome. J. s MEE jj o
«'. R. HOLTON. Recording Secretary.
HALL of Golden West Lodge No. •
:: --- T O. O. F.— Initiation 4$_SHlEfc
THIS (THURSDAY) EVENING. =«£__ffiSa
» Isitors welcome
; XV. H. REDELL. N. G. >>/ "
rNITY Lodge No. 61. K. of P.. will -«*»
con.er the KnUrht rank on four **-\Ztf*>^
quires THIS (THURSDAY) EVEN- T&&T
ING. Visiting brothers cordiallv J5r*v
ir.vited. By order " -K&-*^
_ _^ E. B. KIM BALL. C. C.
B. W. GATES. K. of R. and S. '"
TWB San Francisco Scottish Thistle v «-> >_
SS-L^S" THIS (T «l--RSDAY»3S,X^
EARNING tn Fraternity Hall 32 >?»:?•&?
O'Farrell etreet. at 8 o'clock.
Flection of officer*. Tickets for Hocmantv
party win be distributed to members In good
fftanclnxr.
GEO. W. PATERSON. Royal Chief
A. E. CARLISLE. Recorder.
THE Servian Benevolent Society
tinlds its regular meetings
every second and last THURS- j_ C? M
DAY 0/ the month at '02 < ?^??<^
O'Fmrrell it at 7:30 p. m. Tre*Sf_Sf
JOHN A: LJUBIBRATICH. *il«l*
Pr-jslder.t. {?£''-'*?.
V. RAPOJEVICH. SecreUry. %SV£JCl
' ATTOEfl i; I S-AT-LAW.
A FRAUDULENT divorce la £ear~ at $12 and
1* 00 rood; lor 22 years I've made divorces
a tpeclalty: quick; 'quiet; no money needed-
Co pay .nlett divorce is granted; perfectly
reliable; lowest feeg; advice free; collections
E*<le. G. W. HOV.E. 1122 Market st.
R. W. KING. Attorney-at-law. Exam. bl<Jg
«th flocr: entrance room Cll; established 2fl
year*: ail courts, general court and office
practice; no fees !n advance or for con«ulta-
tlon; evening by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
AA— Divorce; «»ts $12; qulck.qulet;advlce free;
all law business; no charge unless (uccii-
tol; cpen evenings. 927 Market «t.. room 301.
CONSULTATION free, private. confM-ntlal;
business lerally. promptly and energetically
transacted. W. Matthews, 632 Market, room 23.
ADVICE free; divorce costs $12;~no fets or
cott« In advance; all law business; office
epen Catnrday evenings. 819 Market St.. r. 33.
JOHN GTIDERT. aucrney-at-law room* 8
and 4. 240 Montgomery et. ; phone Red 6617.
L. B. CLARK. 027 Market.^room SoTTconsuTtal
Hon free; co fees In advance; cpen evening*.
AUTOMOBILES.
CADILLAC Automobile, 1804, for salVtOOO
Adores. bf»x 11 an Call ofn<-e.
ASTHMA CTJBE. •
C l_ KO^ X ' s Asthn-.a RernedTTeileves Instantly^
10c. »c. 60c. ICC2 Market. St. Nlcholi-i
*l«o WlEhart. 10th and Washington. Oakland.
COAg-JUTG POB CHILDREjr.
WANTED— Children to board; best of refer-
ences; ciuilc. 40S Clement st.. Richmond Din.
WOULD like to board and room~a child; also
room for parent. 118 P.-.ge «t.
coascnog ofpices.
UAD tenants ejected f^TiT^oilKtioi^miCr-
c,ty or oountrv. Pacific Collection Co. 413
-lontgcmcrj- st.. room- 'J-10. Tet. Main 5580.
C__DIT ClfOTHISKS. ~~
C. F. ADAMS CO~31S~Mas^a"rt^Clothlnr
for even-body froai hat to sho-s; youVanr",
what ynu xrant from us .-.nd have it ch-rc^!
c^OTHiicri_B_^rovATrKra7
B -^Si_?^w M n(1 J* 6 '***' *l:'s7ou"rln77nd
S»_l 4 ""' Xsrcb*. Examiner bldg.. 7. 410-
p-ow Druna. 44. Call for _n_ deUw _■_«. '
BU-TIKSSS CKANCES.
.\— JMCO; CHICKEN ranch in Gonoma County;
horse wagon, cow; rent $7 per month; tools
ar:<l »"urn;turc. Cull K. G. WILKE, _6»i
Kesm'}* st.
$SSO— COKNKK S2loon on Fourth St.. rent $25
daiix ri-c.*li;i!> ;tl>cut $15: good business; ywn-
«: inutt La-.-rit:-.!;. _3 l:e his tu leave the city.
Jl. C. WILKE. 2_Hj Kearny st.
$750-"-HALF Imere*; in manufacturing busi-
ness; eslb. Itt years; partner can clear $1j0
e&s!Iv; invesiiguit; rare chance. See II. G.
WILKE. 2t>> 3 Kearny -t.
PRICK $1HK! — Wood. coal, hay and grain yard:
a long-established business: 2 horses and 3
tragens; rent only ?23; r_»-e chance. S«e R.
G. WILKE. 2ti',i Kearny st.
A— ?2!>00; CORNER grocery and bar on- Va-
lern-fa Bt. : lease; old established and good
paying business; Investigate; a rare chance.
8*e R. O. WILKE, 2GV» Kearny st.
A— $."(.0; BRANCH bakery and delicatessen
store. Tilth :> nicely turnieheii rooms: rent
$1Ti; 'a £•*«] paying business. See R. li.
W1LKK. Jti'-j Kearny st.
A— 4 1200 ; —OADHOUSE, living rooms: rent
$15: no opposition; very best location; about
8 miles from city. Ste H. G. WILKE, -0V4
Ktarny vl.
A— $600; ROADIIOUSE; 5 years' lease; rer.t
$20; beet location on Colma ro-d. See R. G.
W1LKK, 'JO'i Kearny et.
A— $&5C0; HARDWARE store, corner; ranges,
household supplies, paints, oils, gas fixtures,
etc.; 4 years' lease; location the very best:
value in sight; owner to retire to private
life; a splendid chance. - Call R. G. WILKE.
2CV» Kearny st. . ■
A— $1500; GROCERY and bar, with 21 furnished
roorci; 2 blocks south of Call building; rent
$71; kept by present owner 10 years; a good
businexs. Call R. G. WILKE. gttj. Kearny.
A — $3250; HALF interest in manufacturing
business; established many years and doing a
firtt-class paying business; stock and ma-
chinery with invoice; the pric» a rare and
good offer. Call on R. G. WILKE, 2GH
Kearny st. .
A— $2200; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon
In Stockton: rent $53; the leading place of
its kind in Stockton; all particulars. R. Q.
WILKE. 20 j-j Kearny st.
A— $000; BAKERY, with 3 living- rooms and
kitchen: rent $:M); all store trade; cash re-
ceipts about $16 per day. Particulars R. G.
WILKE. 2CH Kearny st.
A — $_.-:."ii>; COAL. wood, hay and grain busi-
ness; 3 h»rses, 3 wagons; net rent $34;
place established years; very best loca-
tion; a etoocI cash business. See R. G.
WILKE, MM- Kearny -t.
A— $900; BUTCHER shop and vegetable mar-
ket on Polk St.; lease: living- rooms; cwner
must leave for Europe to settle estate; a
rare chance. R. G. WILKE, 2CU Kearny tt.
A— JSOO; CORKEB saloon '.n wholesale dis-
trict; no night cr Sunday 'work; saloon es-
tab. 20 years and known as a good busl-
r.ess. See R. G. WILKE. 2C'% Kearny st.
A — $20<J0: CORNER saloon, with lease, in
wholesale district; a good business: owner to
leave the city cause of sale: a rare chance,
/^n. O-. WILKE. 2CU Kearny et.
A — S4f«K); CIGAR stand en Market et.. vicin-
ity Powell St.: 2Vb years' lease; must be
fold at once; owner to leave city for the
'East. See K. G. WILKE. 2CM Kearny st.
A— $2450: CORNER grocery and bar; 5 years'
leese; rent $40: store doing a large cash busi.
ness: location can't be beat; value In sight.
See R. G. WILKE. _C4 Kearny rt.
A— $.->MW); SALOON; about 1 block from Phelan
building; -tet rent $125; lease; stock will in-
voice abcut $12CU; a good paying place; ln-
vefticate at once; rare chance. R. G.
WILKE. -CU, Krarny st.
A— $2(*,00: COFFEE saloon and restaurant: 1
blcck from Examiner building: place estab-
lished years; doing a flrst-clasa buolness;
about $70 per day. Particulars see R. O.
WILKE. 2t>H Kearny st.
A— $900; CORNER saloon, with elsar stand,
on Fourth st. : living rooms; rent $.10; lease;
a cood paying -plate; bargain. See R. G.
WILKE. 26^ Kearcy M.
A — $1500; OLD-KSTABLISHED commission
etcre, dairy produce, etc.; must be sold at
once en account of death: very rare chance.
as business Is known for 28 years as a good
reliable house. R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny.
A— $4000; CORNER rrocery and bar; few blocki
eouth of Market et. ; net rent $90: lease 4
years; average monthly receipts $1100; .value
In eight. See R. G. WILKE. 2C% Kearny st.
A— $_€50: HOTEL of 30 rooms; rent $100: lease:
with firct-class paying saloon in manufactur.
Ing town across the hay; a cood paying busl-
nees. See ft. G. WILKE. -6^4 Kearny Bt.
A — $750; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
fancy grocery; 4 nice living rooms; rent $25;
daily receipts about $20: best location north
of Market. Call R. G. WILKE. 26Mj Kearny.
A— $3500; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
St.; :*ent $00; living rooms; stock will in-
- voice about $2S0O: a well established and
first-class paying business. See R. G.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny et.
A— $7000; BAKKRY; cne of the best In this
city; monthly sales $C000; 12 horses. 5 wag.
one; location the very best: not all cash
necessary. Call R. G. WILKE. 2«% Kearny.
A — (350; DAIRY, produce and delicatessen
store: 5 rooms; rent $25: best location Va-
lencia et. Call R. G. WILKE. 2GVi Kearny.
F. A. BROOKBANK. ;
BUSINESS AGENT,
017 Market St., bet. Fifth and Sixth.
PARTNER fcr old-estab. express and transfer
business; horses, wagons, harness, even-thing
complete; party must be able to attend office,
will guarantee $73 monthly; $500 cash re-
quired. Full particulars with BROOKBANK.
GROCERY and bar: Al location; fine fixtures;
pood stock; receipts $25 to*C50: cash register;
two big rooms; rent $35; price $1500. See
BROOKBANK.
WE have a client who wishes to associate hlm-
eelf with a sober, industrious man who can
Invest $:;50 and services; he will give interest
in business clearing S20O monthly; refer-
ences exchanged/ See BROOKBANK.
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
If you wlHh to buy or sell property of any de-
ecrtptlon do not fall to call upon us; we may
have Just what you want to buy or a put-
chaser fcr Just what you want to cell.
J. XV. JAQUITH & CO..
1312 Market «..
Rooms 418-413. Telephone Folsom 3469.
UNION BUSINESS EXCHANGE. 003 Market.
Bargains'. Bargains! Snaps'. Snaps!
$2200 — LodBlnR-house; 'JO rms.; money-maker.
$500 — Lodging-house:- 14 rooms; a snap.
$1000 — Saloon on Clay st.; good stock.
$1200— Bakery. Icecream, coffee par. ;country.
$4*0 — Delicacy store; Ellis st. ; a bargain.
H>00 ether bargains; call us;tel. Folsom 3022.
$500 — CIGAR' store for'- sale; good location;
flr.e fixture?; National cash register; re-
ceipts $15 daily; rent $40. Full value In
•tock; owner leaving city: buyers be prompt
to aecure this exceptional bargain.
A. BTENBERG. 759 Market st,
$10OO — CIGAR store: Market St.; barsain.
$2<*X) — Custom sho» store.
$2iXX» — Grocery and bar; big trade.
$1200^ — Gents' furnishing goods; country.
HTAKUAHD INVESTMENT CO., 131 Montg.
$l_fO— REST A URANT; well known, old es-
tablishcd and doing good business; Is newly
l>at>ered and painted; SO chairs and with
-■ everything compltte. Address 1021 Third St.,
Sacramento, Cal. •
WANTED— A few rentlemcn to Join present
members of a firm engaged In the conduct
of cents' furnishing and tailoring establish-
ment; object beinjr to txtend business which
_U paylne well. Box 37S9, Call office.
$200 WITH services secures to a reliable,
•tfndy man permanent place that pays $S5
monthly the year around; light, pleasant
Call 1C_7>4 Market St.. room 2.
WANTED — Lady or gentleman for traveling
proposition: must have {$.'(50; $100 a week
profit guaranteed. Call room 14. 110 Eddy
St.. afternoons and evenings. '■
$1000— FIRST-CLASS country barber shop fot
fcale; an Al opportunity for an Al shaver-
{ others let alone: 2 . weeks' trial. For par-
j titulars address box- 1032. Call.
COMMISSION store, with fixtures, scales,
trucks, etc.. for rale; with 3 years' leas—!
price very reasonable. Apply at .120 Davis
rt.. near Washington; a- good large place.
FOR sale— Stock, fixtures and lease of a flrst-
class. strictly up-to-date millinery store in
excellent location. For particulars aruly
HOLM fc NATHAN. 51S_Market St. apply
1WE Incorporate and float stock companies; we
handle unlisted securities: loans- negotiated
HORATIO GILBERT & CO.. Ellicott square
Buffalo.
FOR *ale cheap— Carpenter's Jobbing shop
with machines and power complete; down-
town location; cheap rent. Box 1231, Call.
51S50 — DELICATESSEN store for sale- large
etcck; new fixtures: clears $150 per month
Address box 1500, Call office.
CIGAR 6tandrB00d corner lr»catlon; must soil
this week; cheap. 32S Fourth st.
YOUNG mnn with Foms carh for good busi-
ness; -.-111 make $3C0 mo. Box 1033. Call.
FIRST-CLASS calocn for sale; no agents. 2" M
McAllister st.
A' SUPKRIOI1 bakery. . delicacy, variety; pays
•well: no com?.; Illness; rent $10. 2230 Polk.' I
GOOD meat market for sale; experience not 1
Bcctteary. Box 1115. Call office. j
THE SAN FRANCISCO \ GALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1904.
BTJSUTESS CEAWCrS — Contlntt*-.
A^-CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquai tere for all kinds of business chances.
For sale — Several- rood business propositions
for Investor*, such as cigar stores. " groceries
and Kirs, bakerUs. furnishing Roods, mer-
chandise, ciMiuty hotels. restaurants and
many other propositions too numerous to
mention; would l>e pleased to nave you call
and inspect our Hat. CAM-RON &. CO.. 3
Eddy st.
For sile — First-class bazaar and cigar busi-
ness; Al location, long leaee. cheap rent,
fixtures and store up-to-date, established 17
years: fine new stock of goods: has never
c hanged hand>; now clearing $350 and over
per month: best reason for selling; an op-
portunity of a lifetime; see CAMERON & CO.
For sale— Well -furnished and equipped coun-
try hot_l; 50 rooms: rent only $150: 10-year
lease; ifcwly painted and renovated through-
out; about CO miles from S. F.; fine, grow-
ing to\vr»; present owner made fortune and
wants to retire. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
For pale— One of the best hay. grain, feed,
wood and ccal yards, S. F. ; cheap rent:
horses and wazotis, well equipped; present
owner retiring 1 lrom retail business: guaran-
teed to clear about $."0O per month: books
open for Inspection. CAMERON & CO.
Exchanges made In all kinds of real estate,
rooming-house and business chances. CAM-
ERON &. CO.. 3 Eddy st.
— — — " I
For sale — Well located cyclery: rent $125; 3-
year lease; sell, rent and repair all kinds or
bicycles; carries full supplies; agency best
wheel en market: does business of $1500 to
$2000 per month; goods at Invoice. CAM-
ERON _ CO.
Flrst-clasa, saloon downtown: 2 blocks
from Market St.: rent $75; well fitted up:
receipts flS to $25 per day; must be sold
on account of other business; price $1600.
CAMERON & OX . -
STEADY man wanted a* partner In cash
business' to do plain light work: sure proflt
of $75 to each per month; capital required,
$175. e32 Market at. room 0.
SPLENDID corner grocery and liquor store at
invoice; best location. 1C99 Post st.
SALOON for rale, cheap; good location; 838 !
Broadway; established 20 years.
SALOON for sale at S25 Montgomery st.; must
be cold on account of sickness.
FOR sale— A small grocery and bar. Apply at
1S9S Fifteenth st.. cor of Dolores.
AN oid-establlshed butcher shop for sale In
Western Addition. Box 13U5. Call office.
FOR sale — Saloon and 15 furnished rooms,
with 3 years' lesse. 210 and -12 East at.
ROUTE 12. San Francisco Call, for sale. Ap-
ply San Francisco Call office.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been cpened at 100S Market at., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
CARPET BEATING AND C-EAJTING.
COMl J i;Ks'SED Air and Vacuum Process used
for cleaning; carpets on floor without removal;
.carpots and rues also cleaned by compressed
air at shop; prices moderate. S. F._ Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Co., 308 Market St.;
phones Main 15. and Bush 479,
WHEN you btcome disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing works. 355-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. ISO) Har-
rison St.; Al cleaning, 3c. FRED HAGE-
DORN & CO.; phone Mission 225.
MITCHELL'S, 240 Fourteenth St.— Flrst-clasa
carpet cleaning, 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 304. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works: price*
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 283.
LOp^IWG-HOUSES PtJB. SAI.E.
MARION GRIFFIN\
4CC Hearst bldg.. over "Examiner" entrance
corner 3d -nd Market Ets. Tel. Black 3607.
Hotels and rooming-houses for gale. Free list.
We furnish abstracts free & guarantee titles.
— — \ — —
ULTRA - FASH- HIGH - CLASS
IONABLE pri- apartment
vate hotel that bouse.
clears *_«- mo. — 60 rooms
A new build- <> v — $3000—
Ing, beautifully House partly
lurnlshed la furnished with
mahogany and extra fine fur-
velvet carpets. nishlngs. Rent
All new six $5 per room; 5-
months ago. year lease. A
i'rlce cultured lady or
— $4500 — K e n t 1 e man
Will exchange ehould make the
for an apart- house clear
rnent house. monthly $300
EXCLUSIVELY PRICE ...*!0o6
WITH WITH
MARION MARION
GK1FFIN. GRIFFIN.
MAKE us u> of- GREAT GUNS!
fer before Dec. Only $ iOO for
8th. IC-room NE.
— 10 rooms — corner house
nr. Hyde and north • of Mar-
Sutter. Reduced ket Rent $30
to $3000. Rent If you are a
$160. Clears sober, lndustrl-
*175. guaran- ous person we
teed. It's a big will lend you
opening for- % of purchase
eome one, as price. Always
owner is deter- remember that
mined to visit we guarantee
Alaska. the title.
WITH WITH
MAKION MARION
GRIFFIN. GRIFFIN.
$300 DOWN and f 100 RENT for
$700 in little 40 rooms, north
payments takes °' Market; :;
a nice, quiet rooms . rented
15-room house, , Permanently at
near Ellis and *<0; Price $4000;
Van Ness ave.; owner Etates
cause, sickness; .' tna t the month-
profit monthly 'V proflt is $200.
WITH MARION
MARION GRIFFIN.
GRIFFIN. — 7
_____ " NORTH of Mar-
EOUTH of Mar- zf^TMnZ* 1 *'* I
kef "I rooms rooms; first
. £? 0 - fl me _W $40 ° :
proflt $70; rent proflt fi 4^.
only $00. ,» ~$r S °-~
—ALSO rooms; snap.
30 room... $IS00; R ~f rl^ n * 40 °— „
1-3 down; profit. JSP 1 |30 . : Proflt
$00; rent only $50. . *° • _ Tert _
—ALSO— In SO "~ <**
18 rooms, $800. all -Iprlce^sTfioft-.
cash; proflt $30; HJ'i M(> ~
rent only $46. —Ti t^T "
ALSO —11 rooms— .
39 rooms, $1SOO. "i?,™ * 5 iSr
>*- down; proflt j^%r^~
$140; rent . only -^rfo'mT- .
-ALSO- 3 - P "« 52000-
12 rooms. $400. all CUt d i«Sft_ from
cash; proflt $47; . p rofl r_^mir -._
rent only $30. h™lt lain,? .?'
- •. ,-_ii en - '} . «t is eminently
42 rooms, $3000. ' Tv7£? PeCtab ' e -
14 down; proflt M_ninw
*174; rent P oalr G^N.
WITH * ' •
MARION .'.."" ..."
GRIFFIN^ WE _ _ as]j
■ to any business
_____ man or woman
LARGE' ho-M, fn ff * 7 ru S e r00 f r o ! r'
arger proflt. $3000 cash and
largest bargain: $2000 on time
fc- large rooms; it is brand new
proflt over $300. building with
Price only $0000.. modern convenl-
Rent only $375. :.,--. ences. Proflt
Every room, hall . 1250 . monthly,
and _ stairway Books may be
c f p . sn ? lve y fur * * x a m I n e d .
flished. Lease House Is well
for four years, arrangeS; most-
Its one of th« |y single rooms
honest houses. . "f or bu«ine««
EXCLUSIVELY men.'. Ic^my
»v ITH ■. agent
MARION MARION
GRIFFIN. GRIFFIN.
$800. 14 rooms, rewly furnished; cost $1SOO;
right-down terms; see this rft once.- •-* -■".
MARION GRIFFIN. - -
The agent who whispers down the well
About the house he wants to sell. ■
Will never reap the golden dollars
Like Marion Griffin, who climbs and hollars.
MITCHELL A CO.
j 1200 MARKET ST. PHONE JESSIE 2381.
Roomlng'and apartment houses,. hotels, ' flats
Sold to suit purchasers. Titles guaranteed
AUTOMOlilLE /AT YOUR SERVICED
IiODGIIXG-HOT7S_:S FOE SALE — Cen.
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
• . 3 Eddy at., . cor. Market and Powell. •..
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds Business Chances.
You can't beat this beautifully furnished.
100- room, downtown. house; carpets, furniture
and draperies of the very best; electric lights,
steam heat; In fact, everything. modern and up
to date; long lease; cheap rent; owner leaving
city.
I-5ok this up; hero is a chance to get fine
little* home, combined with business; you can
live rent free and make some money besides;
this house of 9 rooms rent only $32 50: fine lo-
cation on California st. ; well furnished; some
new carpets, newly painted and papered; every-
thing In fine condition- piano and sewing ma-
chine goes; price only $650.
Here Is 14 rooms; Van Ness; furnished In oak
and mahogany: good carpets; all full; clearing
nice little salary every month; it Is yours at
$C0O. -
We have a 0-rcom" flat, new. modern bulld-
InR, sumptuously furnished; carpets cost J:l 50
per yard; beds cost $100 each; jialr ; matresses
cost $35 each; new S tnonins; actual cost to
f urninh. $5000; must go East and will take
$270<>: half cash, balance 0 per cent per annum;
everything ready to etep right Into an elegant
home. ■ .
•■ Nice little house of 16 rooms, with good fur-
niture and carpets; rent only $65; must dispose
next 10 days; make offer.
Grand, new, modern apartment-house; beau-
tiful building; elegantly furnished; good long
lease with cheap rent; only 15 minutes' walk
from Kearny Et. ; has 180 room* and pays $500
to $600 per month;, always full; best class of
people; a bargain can be had if taken at once.
Another one; a beautifully furnished 6- room
flat; Sloane fitted it up 0 months ago and cost
considerable over $000- think of the rent, only
$25 per month; choice location; big snap; $400.
Here Is the coziest and most complete house
of 60 rooms, superbly furnished with everything
that good taste and' Judgment could suggest;
combined with an elegant, new, modern build-
ing; every room occupied and clearing a 'fine
proflt, and sickness is the only cause for dis-
posal.
Golden opportunity to get nice 7-room flat:
rent only $40; water, : garbage and Janitor ser-
vice free; mahogany and oak furniture; carpets
body Brussels, new 1 year; cost $800; now $450;
obliged to leave city.
This speaks for Itself; 15 rooms, furnished In
oak; new carpets, and full to the roof with
good people, which brings in proflt of $75 per
month; sickness compels sale.
First-class investment where you can earn
$2400 per year on expenditure of $4500 in 46-
room house; rent only $125 per month; choica
location on Sutter st. ; always full; best of oak
furniture, good carpets; sickness only reason
for eelling. —
Swell family hotel on Sutter st.: beautifully
furnished; always full; there are 80 rooms, rent
only $42.5; obliged to leave city; will be sold at
half cost to furnish.
We have 13 beautifully furnished rooms In
fine block on Post st.; full nicest kind of room-
ers; new and modern throughout: brings In
nice Income; furnlturo In cak, blrdseye maple;
velvet and Axmlnster carpets; cost $1SCO to
furnish six months ago; obliged to leave city;
big bargain; $1200.
Big snap; 31-room apartment-house; rent
only $4 per. room; well furnished and clearing
$110 per month; will only take $550 cash, bal-
ance time; price $950.
We have a number of special bargains In
flats of 0 to 10 rooms, new and modern: can be
had for less than half cost to furnish; must be
sold; either account of sickness or departure.
. Have large list , of real estate, hotels, room-
ing-houses and business chances for exchange
or trade always on hand.
A. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Rooming-house; 16 rooms; estab-
, llshed; good location; paying well. 514 Eddy.
A BARGAIN — A 9-room rooming house for
rale. Inquire at SCO Mission st.
, _OPGHTG-HOT73ES WA-TTED.
WANTED — To buy a respectable lodging house
. (net transient), about 30 rooms. Address box
4708, Call office.
jji~^j_^C:LAI»VOYA_fTB.- - '■' ' .- - ,~: ■■■■.
SPECIAL THIS~WEEie < *
Complete Life Reading.
60c 60c; 50c. 50c. 50c. . 60c.
RICHARD MAYO.
The man with WONDERFUL psychic power
The greatest living ADVISER
On the Continent. At a glance, before you
have a • chance to utter one word he will
/ tell you what you came for, giving names,
dates, facts and figures; how to eliminate
errors and master circumstances: he restores
lost affection, reunites the separated tells
who and when you will marry and how'to at-
tain success.
There Is no trouble, doubt or ambition, no
hope or wish, but what can be realized by
his help and advice; he is entirely original in
his methods, different from all others; a visit
to him will brlnp success and happiness to
the seeker of truth and advice.
Permanently located, thoroughly reliable.
421A Ellis st. Hours. 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
Private flat. Separate parlors. Business con-
fidential.
LIVINGSTONE.
THE OCCULT WONDER.
FOR A RELIABLE. INTELLIGENT CLAIR-
VOYANT READING. CONSULT
LIVINGSTONE.
FIVE RECEPTION PARLORS. LADY AT-
TENDANT. 26% KEARNY ST.
ATTENTION " ~ ~~
MRS. DR. CLARK.
The well-known medium and clairvoyant,
may be consulted on all affairs: every hidden
mystery revealed: she will show you how to
overcome your enemies and unite the sepa-
rated; tell your entire life, past, present and
future: satisfaction by mall; send stamp for
circular and special terms. 343 Geary st.
MMK. If. BERNARD, the famous clairvoyant
and business medlurrt, is located at 17 Third
St., near Market. She reads your life cor-
rectly, gives accurate description of the past,
present and future; greatest living adviser on
all affairs In life; as a proof of her psychic
power she. will tell you what you called for
FREE of charge; $5 reading this week, $1;
satisfaction guaranteed.
MME. LANGE, the only one who can help you
in your , greatest troubles; genuine gypsy
- sympathy, spiritualism and hand reader:
convince yourself of her skill; 25c and- up;
• chows the picture of future husband or wife.
- S8 Turk St.. near Taylor; hours, from 10 t©
8, and Sundays. - - * .
RETURNED—
A— Miss M. Wllli. B10 Ellis st.. clairvoyant,
crystal seer and life reader, will t»ll ynu ex-
• actly what you called fcr without asking a
question; names given; special, $1; hours.
10 to 8.
ISMAR. Egyptian seeress. The Vendome. 1104
Market st.. San Francisco. • Office hours— 10
a. m. to 5 p. m.; Sundavs. 10 to 12: Wednes-
day evening. 6 to 8. Phone South 1141. . ,
MME. PORTER, clairvoyant, medium; born
with double veil and second sight:. tells past,
present, future; I. 50c: g. by cards SI; palm
Istry full life read. $1. 303 Jones, nr. Eddy.
MME. KRONENBERG. pa'mlst. clairvoyant,
card reader: when others fall try me; read-
lngg. 25?. 324 O'Farrell st. ; tel. Red C537.
MISS ZEM DAK. young, clftedclalr. and palm.;
reveals love, marriage, business,' etc. : L. 60c;
G. $1: hoiirs 10 to 0: names: 714 Franklin st.
MRS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader,. has
returned: fittings dally. 108 Cth ft.. rooms 1-2.
MME. REKA. New York's most -famous palm-'
1st and clairvoyant: readings at 32!> Eddy st.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune^
teller. lg now at 317 Ellis st. j
-^ ... 5^^.^^— j^.'
A— MRS.' J.J. WHITNEY. 'bus. 'medium and
life reader. 1206 Market, r. 14/ Gait House.
MME. YOUNG'S test circle to-night,- 10c; tilO
McAllister; readings -dally;-. come, skeptics
C. V. MILLER'S -materializing seance. 8
o'clock to-night; Sun., 1:30. 1084. Bush. at.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted slate-writer and
clairvoyant. 1112 Eddy«at. Phone Scott 837.
. DENTISTS. ' * -
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — Cannot break:
. warranted 20 yrs.: crowns, $3 50;.fllllngs,50c:
. plates,- $5; full . set; all work painless ■ and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market. nr.Eleventh
— No charge ■ for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
> • from $8 per set; extracting-,' 60c; •. gas grlven.'
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny.cor. Bush-
Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up; fllllngs.25c.
■ GOLD fillings," :75c; silver 35c;' crewns. $2; no
paln;open Sundays. | Dr. AlC.Hewltt.2at Sutter.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentist. r.14. 1st
floor. Phelan bid.; SOP Market.' cor. O'Farrell.
DR. R.L. WALSH! has moved from Geary «„
• to corner SuUer «t. and Grant ava.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES.
McDOV»'ELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 101'.) Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew-
art's button and buttonhole factory. 110 Taylr.
' JEDPOATIONAI..
"A — THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
school for university. Mv and medical ' col-
leges; refs. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor; day, evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
.
E. R. AYRES, founder of Ayres Business Col-
' lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship.
shorthand, typing; J5 month: life scholarship
ICO; positions secured; day, eve. 723 Mark*c
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting.. the largest
institution devoted exclusively to dramatic
learning In America: positions guaranteed.
Eend for catalogue. Native Sons' bldg.
HEALD'S School of Mines and Engineering. _♦
Post St.. S. F.; civil, mining, electrical. st*_m
and gas engineering. Send for prospectus.
A SUCCESSFUL college; new. large room*:
perfect light; all graduates are getting posi-
tions. S. B. Buniness College. 73S Mission.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mln,. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1854. Van
d«r Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st.
Established 1S63; largest In the West: an-
nual enrollment 1000; send for circulars.
471essons Pitman shorthand and hold any position;
iruar. ;60 court reportlng:"slngle-page method'-'
bookkeeping. Western Bus. Col.. 1231 Market.
BOOKKEEPING, Eng., Math., etc.; day and
eve.: individual instr. 305 Larkln st.. Prof.
T. A. Robinson, former pres. Pac. Bus. Col.
CLASSES in short story writing and Journalism
. meet on Mon.. Wed. and Thurs.. - n. rn., 333
Phelan bldg.; terms very reasonable. ■
A— GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1382. Market at. Send for catalogue.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col.. 602 Van Ness
I • ave.; positions secured. R, H. Webster. Pres.
I BOOKKEEPING — Save time, gain knowledge,
with TARIt. expert. 217 Parrott building.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano. $3 per :aon:a;
Tocal lessons $1. 828 Halght . st. ■ ■
ISAAC Pitman Business College, 345 Halght:
Individual Instruct. ; all branches: day. eve.
CHICAGO Business College. 1584 Market— Posl-
I tlon?. shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $S mo.
ADULT and Juvenile classes now open. Illn-
rr.an's School of Dancing, 1412 Polk. nr. Cal.
SHORTHAND taught thorMy by mall and per-
tonally. Miss M. G. Barrett. 302 Montgom'y.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION- Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine St. — Night class.
6PANISH.French.etc. Prof. De Fillppe'sAcademy
of Iar.guages.1018 Post: est.lS71:ableit profs.
EMPLOYMENT QgglCES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment offlcs
■ supplies best help promptly;. city or country.
S. 1MURA. 839 Sacramento. Tel. James 5231.
A' — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese.
Chinese help. 426 Powell' st.; tel. Main 5732.
JAPANESE-Chlnese Emp. Of flee, 415 Stockton:
beet help. Frlti Tamagakl.mgr. Tel. Bush 839.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
■ flee; all kind- help. 315 Stockton: Main 5189.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.'
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WAlfTED-rEMALE.
COOK — German: is flrst-cla-'s in American.
French and German cooking; attends to
■ kitchen departments only; references. 735
Eddy St. . -
A— WAITRESS, experienced, want position;
hotel or restaurant. 324 Mason fit.; phone
Black 2306. .
LADY, expert stenographer and accountant,
desires position; experienced railroad, law
and commercial work. N Box 1125, Call.
A RELIABLE woman wishes work by the day
as good laundress and house-cleaner. 403
McAllister st.
WOMAN wants work by the day washing or
house-cleaning, $1 50 and carfare. ■ MRS.
OSGOOD, 115 Hayes st. .
WANTED — Work by the day: any kind of
work. MRS. C. M. H., 405 Harrison st.
FIRST-CLASS American woman, out of means,
wants to to in good steady home; wash
dishes or other light- work; is a good plain"
cook; carfare, $2 50 week. Address 106^
Third St.. room 25, first flight.
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter, stranger In
city, competent, reliable, rapid and accurate,
desires position; 5 years' experience; best of
refs. Address MISS E. H.. P. O. box 313,
Oakland.
A STRONG young woman to go out- by the
day; Is a good washer and lroner, or will
do housecleanlng; $1 50 and carfare. Call
1173 Howard st.
LADY stenographer, several years' experience,
wants permanent poeltlon, wholesale house;
understands billing and general office work.
Box 1541. Call.
COMPETENT nurse wishes engagements, con-
finements or Invalids; careful, cheerful,
painstaking; references. MRS. KING, 1153
Turk et. -
HOUSEKEEPER wishes position, rooming or
private house; experienced; good references;
small salary. r>0SV4 Jessie st.. near Sixth.
YOUNG woman wishes situation In American
family for general housework.- Call 1023A
Fillmore st.
YOUNG married couple desire room and board
where wife can wait at table or do plain
cooking In exchange. Box 1G17, 100S Market.
A FIRST-CLASS child's nure*. best refer-
ences, wants position. 324 Mason St.; phone
Black 2306. _^^
A YOUNG French girl wishes situation for
second work and waiting; best of references.
Address 1S27 Vallejo Bt.
ELDERLY woman wishes a position as house-
keeper; light work. 136 Fifth st., between
Howard and Mission.
WOMAN wants to wash dishes or other light
work; Is a good plain cook. Address 1C6V4
Third et.. room 25. first flight; carfare.
EXPERIENCED stenographer owning machine
desires position; salary moderate. Box 1C90,
Call office. . '/
WANTED — Position as restaurant cashier: ex.
. perlenced: references. Address box 1431,
Call office.
A COMPETENT and well-experienced stenog-
rapher, typewriter and general office as-
sistant desires position. Box 1260. Call.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker would like more
engagements In families; $1 50 day carfare
Call or write MRS. DE BARR. 435 4th st.
A NEAT young woman wishes light housework
In a/ small iirivale family. Address box
1079/ Call office. i
A YOUNG refined colored lady would like a
position as nurso clrl; wages $20 to $25.
Apply to 1000 Clay ft.
COMPETENT woman wishes laundry work or
cooking by the day. Apply 1503^ Market
St., near Eleventh.
WANTED— Situation . to wait on an Invalid
and do little housework; v.-lll answer on
Tuesday. Box 1223. Call office. •
BY a refined young lady; office or store wo.rk
■preferred: good penman and quick at figiir- |
Ing. Call at 170 Elm ave.; phone Page IStl. 1
WANTED— Position as saleslady In millinery;
8 years' ' experience. St. Kathryn Hotel,
room 253.
ENGLISH -Koverne-s (late of Paris) wishes
f employment: speaks 'good German. 3ox
1722. Call office. . . ;
NEAT, refined German girl wishes a position;
second work or children.' Box 1103, Call.
GIRL would like to ruj errands. Address 305
■ Krarny st. • • ,
POSITION as housekeeper. Address MRS. A. E.
: ALLEN, 570 Sycamore st.. Oakland.
WOMAN wants work by the day. 311 Third
street.' ....'. ' ' ...--.
WANTED — Position as seamstress. Box 14C5,
Call otflce. • ■ .
LADY wishes position as cook. Box. 1446. Call
of flea. . . . " ; ■' • :
GOOD cook would like to get a place. /Box
1278, Call office. .. •-. ■"■
WANTED— Fine laundry work. Apply C31
Stevenson sf.
A COLORED woman wishes children to . caro
■for at home. 127 Second st. -'.^.r-j
DRESSMAKING in families or hotel; all kinds
of work: quick sewer: $1 25 a day. 1325 Call.
YOUNG lady wants position as companion to
elderly lady. Apply 1367- Mason st.
STENOGRAPHER deslrea position In any kind
of office. Box lttiS. Call.
REFINED ' woman wishes ' position . In doctor's
or dentist's office; best refs. Box 1621. Call
JAPANESE "'Woman, can't- speak -English,
wants position general housework; ■ Japaneso
man wants position, housework . or dlshwash-
_r. OGAM ADA. _C3 Stevenson st. '
SMPXOYaiE-TT WA-TTEP— MA-J.
A POSITION by young Swede as porter, ele-
vator man or any kind of work In Oaklinci
or "San Francisco; beat of reference. Box
1145. Call.
BAKER, good hand. on bread, steady and »••>-
• ber. wishes position In city or country. Ba-
ker, care of PETER SCHMIDT. 1)23-923
Kearny at.. citj\ ■
YOUNG married man. 27. good penman. Al at
figures, good knowledge In mercantile »n«J-
would like position where hustler Is needed.
Box 1120, Call.
YOUNG Sv.ed?, 26 wants position to do any-
thing in Alamcda or Oakland; good refer-
ence. Box 1144. Call.
FIRST-CLASS Cook (colored) wishes position
In a private family or boardlng-hou-e; city
or country; good references. 1202 Powell st.
COACHMAN, gardener, wants situation, fam-
ily; tlrst-cla«s driver, milk, raise poultry:
' single; best local reference. Box 1147 Call.
ELDERLY man wants work as choreman cr
tak-; care of horse and garden; wages $10
per month. Box 1148 CalK
CARPENTER wants~work by the Job; city or
country towns. Box 1146. Call.
YOUNG man, 23, wants work of any kind.
Box 1149, Call office^
FIRST-CLASS barber wants steady extra Job.
Box 1150. Call.
A CAPABLE and experienced married farmer
wishes a position as working foreman on
small stock, fruit or grain ranch; thorough-
ly understands stock and ranch work in all
its branches; competent to take full charge;
i- an furnished the best of references If neces-
sary. Address FA imER ! box_J^._J^l___
YOUNG man. 23, with 3 years' experience In
the hardware business,- wishes position filling
orders> or selling goods; city or country; best
of references. Address Hardware, box 1189,
Call office. - - tt ■
YOUNG man, honest and obliging, wishes work
of any kind between 8 to 10 a. m. and be-
tween 4:30 to 11:30 p. m.; can furnish fine
reference*. ARTHUR MORSE, box 1515,
I Call office.
WANTED — By- a man with considerable hospi-
tal experience. Invalid and traveling compan-
ion, a position In any of the above capacities;
flrst-clnss references if required. Address
box 1114, Call.
YOUNG married man. 27, good penman, Al at
figures, good knowledge in mercantile' lines,
would I!ke position where hustl-er Is needed.
Box 11.0, Call. j -
AN experienced gardener, who thoroughly /un-
derstands the propagating of plants; orna-
mental bedding, greenhouse, fruit and vege-
tables, wishes situation; refs. Box 1309. Call.
YOUNG, experienced porter and packer wishes
position, any kind or place; choreman: house-
man, private or general work: willing work-
er and competent. Box 1117. Call.
WANTED— By a German, position to milk
j cows, tend horses or take care of place; ref.
Address GEORGE WOLLAP. Dominican Sls-
ters. Twenty-fcurth and Guerrero sts.
MIDDLE-AGED German wants position; un-
derstands gardening, pruning, etc.: handy
with carpenter tools and horses. Box 1185.
CaU office.
BRIGHT, honest young man of 17 years wishes
to work In wholesale huuse. in stock or SI!
orders; one not afraid of work; best of ref-
erences. 1115 Stelner «t.' '
LIBERAL reward . given to anybody who can
find a steady Job for a first-class all around
• blacksmith; strictly sober and reliable. Box
1038. Call.
YOUNG Dane, age 25, wishes position as book-
keeper's assistant; 10 years' experience tn
Denmark; speaks English and German; $10
week. Box 1611. Call office.
PAINTER and tlnter, must have employment:
highest class of work and strictly business:
"Promptness and neatness" ray motto. Box
1721. Call.
MAN an3 wife want a place to care for ranch:
man to attend to stable and wife to cook
and car- for house. Box 1045, Call.
WORK dene up in first-class style, tiling for
mantels, sinks, floors, walls and vestibules
Box 1118. CaU.
HOTEL man, experienced, popular, wants po-
sition as manager of hotel or apartment-
house. Box 1188, CalL-
YOUNG man. first-class hostl*r, driver, good
handy man and gardener, wants situation.
Box 1403. Call.
PRINTER (young man), good all around man.
steady and sober, wishes poeltlon. Box
1405. Call.
A JOB as saw-filer, from a butcher saw .to a
circular and band saw; good reference can
be given. Box 11S0. Call office.
EXPERIENCED, sober and Industrious man
wants position as ranch foreman. 144 Pre-
■ clta ave.. city.
COMPETENT, reliable attendant wishes per-
manent position with Invalid or mental pa-
tlent; re.'erencea. Box 1227. Call office.
GATU>ENER. competent (single German) ref-
erences, wishes situation. Address box' 1634.
Call office.
YOUNG man, good references, desires a situa-
tion in grocery or other work. Address box
1274. Call office.
A NO. 1 bread baker. Just arrfced from the
East, wishes Job; city or country. Address
Baker. SI Third St.
FIRST-CLASS barber wants steady work even-
Ings. Saturdays and Sundays; state wages.
Box 12«2. Call.
YOUNG man wants position as driver or work
In store; good references. 1286 Eddy st.
A MAN wishes a position around a gentleman's
place; care of horses and garden. Address
J. H.. 2.V>Vi Tehama st. |
NICE boy wants any work In downtown out-
room: meal; Japanese. GEORGE, 715 Sac-
ramento st... phone Black 1871.
GARDENER: well experienced, thoroughly, re-
. liable, wishes position; good references. L.
G., box 1175. Call office.
PAINTER, paperhanger and tlnter: has tools
Address Painter, l«20 Eddy st. Phone West
2383.
CARPENTER, non-union, can plan building,
wants work. Box 1400. Call.
YOUNG man wants work of any kind. Box
1073. Call.
POSITION wanted by a painter. Box 1053.
Call office.
CHINESE, first-class cook, best of references,
wishes position; city or country. HI FONG
fGV.j. Washington st.. city.
COMPETENT Chines'?, young man. wishes po-
ritlcn to do general housework. 811 A Sacra-
mento st.
FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook wants a position
tni family,*.' L. G.. flOO Clay st.
JAPANESE, good boy. gentle and honest,
wishes position «.« a schoolboy or hotisework-
er: speaks English well; wages. $2 week.
Address LANOI. 1411 Bush St., city. .
RELIABLE Japanese boy who understands
English, wishes position to do general house-
work and cooking In a small family In the
city. Address I. SAWAI, 315ti Stockton st.
JAPANESE' college student want* home; good
'cook: references: $2 50 weekly. Address SV-
OIURA. 184-. Webster st. ; phone Jackson
3641 after 4. v. ; -
A JAPANESE very honest boy wants position
at housework or In store, city or country;
*r. a week. 000 Valencia st. ; tel. Church
1215. ■
A RELIABLE Japanese hoy. who understands
English, wishes position to do general house-
work and cocking In a small family In th-?
■ city. Address I. SAWAI. 315% Stockton st. j
A JAPANESE wishes a situation us house- 1
worker or - schoolboy: has good experience;
city cr country. M. M.. 725 Geary st.
HONFST young Japanes- boy wants situation
as schoolboy; speaks English. M. S.. 431
Stevenson »t.. S. F. .
1 JAPANESE experienced cook wants position In
private family. 1544 Polk St.; tel. Larkln
3SC2. ■ ', I
JAPANESE, good cook, wants a position in
■ small family, city or country: has best ref-
erences; SAKU. 417 Jones st.
HONEST Japanese wishes position as school-
boy or housework or kitchen help. HARRY
KA1O. 528 Stevenson st.
A NICE youn? Japanese boy wishes to work
as scnoclboy»in a small family. F. S.. 2237
I I Jackson Ft.
AN -honest, strong Japanese boy wants a posi-
tion as houseworker In good family. S. ABE
J. G. S., 725 Geary st.
JAPANESE, honest, good cook, wants position
In family, city or country: has good ref ■ $1
. TAKA. 417 Jones st. T .
GOOD Japanese boy wishes situation as school-
boy. DAIJI IKEMURA. 420 Powell st.
JAPANESE would like work In family. H~B~
Cl Minna st. ' /
JAPANESE, young man. wants to work morn-
lng and evening In a family. Box 14O4. Cal 1.
EC_— _CA CUBE.
8100 FREE for any case of eczema, salt rheum
or barber itch that I can't cure; a trial treat-
ment tree. ; DR. BROWN. 61 Sixth st>
riiTAarciAi..
TTIE REALTY SYNDICATE.
Capital paid lr. JI.W0.iw> no
Surplus 940.301 89
Issues
Six per cent
Investment Certificate*
At par.
Office — No. 11 Sansome sc,
San Francisco. Cal.
CCMPANIFS formed; mining or patents: stoclc
soU: strong Eastern connections: advice free.
Write A. F. HARASZTHY. 522 Crossl-y bid*.
PLATSTO -IT.
A — HOUSES and flats to let: antmmense list:
service absolutely free; take adv&ntaxe of
this department; It will save you .time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 213-5. Geary
•t.. on the square.
■ '
COTTAGES, houses and flats to let; every de-
sirable vacant place In San Francisco on
our lists: servire absolutely free; let us find
you a place: come tn and let us know what
rent you want to pay and the locality; "we
do the rest." Sterling Furniture Company
1039 Market St.. cpp. McAllister. .
GOLDEN OATH, nr. Central ave.— New sunny
flats, tinted, frescoed. 5 rooms, bath. $30- •
rooms, bath, attic. $33; open dally.
TWENTY-THIRD. 3556, cor. Guerrero— 7 tua-
ny rooms and bath; desirable for doctor or
dentllt.
TURK. 1181. adjoining Jefferson Park— New
elegant 9-room upper flat; every room flood-
ed with sunshine.
1 y f3 A C R TeIamr r .t. PPer gat> 4 r °° m * " d ** t!l -
j P^ a 5 <?'- Vw" Modera n5p * r fl *** T nom * *-*
j TWENTT-THIRD. £532. near Ouerrrr>-nat
' - of 4 rooma »nd bath; rent |1«.
ALP I X J?- 42:J* U Wall «- »«• and Dnboce a-_
and DevRadero — Pretty 5- room sunny flat.
FLAT of 5 rooms, bath, *a_. 30 Bluxome st..
I FL ,ORIDA. 1168. nr. 24th— Modern, new upper
j flat. B rooms; rent <22 50.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
on LYON _ HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
SMALL, cozy, new flat. 3621 Twenty-flfth st.
near San Jose ave.
$25— FLAT. « sunny rooms and bath; wmter
and ashman free. 524 Fell st.
|28— NEW runny flat, C roornl ani bathT
Northwest corner Noe and 24th sts.
ri-ATS POB SALE — PTJ-MnSHED.
A— MODERN sunny upper flat. 7 large rooms;
completely fur. 16 weeks ago. 817 Jone> «t.
SANCHEZ, 1211— Furnished 4-rootn. sunny uo-
per flat: going East: must sell; low rent
. -*U_JTTTTJ2._ WANTED.
ABE LEVT^
Salesroom, 1135 Market st. TeL Jessi* 781.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fu--
nlture. etc.. until you get his estimate.
WILL pay 20 per cent more for furniture than
dealers or will sell on commission. L. H.
BURP, anc. 1030 Market: phone Jessie 253a.
CALL on Alfred Wollpert. 773 Mission st.. be-
fore «elllnr your furniture. Phone Red 446X
rXTB-TITTTB— ! FOB SALE.
HENRY MAYER pays highest prices for fur-
niture, carpets, etc. 782 Mission: tel. Bush 813
WANTED — P__L_1_B.
2 COOKS, city and country ...77777^25 jrlrt
Butler, city '...'..J4O
Cook, small hotel $25
Nurseglri. child 2 y?ars eld ".""."'. '.$":t»
Chambermaid.* & waiting. " ( country hotet. *2.1
2 chambermaids & waiting, country hotel *-\"i
Nursegirl . ' $1.-,
Housework. San Rafael ".'."." jr*
Housework. Oakland "$2."i
Cleaning woman, hospital ...$_>
40 housework jrlvla. |20. $25. $30. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT _ CO.. 334 Sutter st.
TYPEWRITER and stenographer for lawyer's
office in country. J. F. CROSETT _ CO
334 Sutter at.
THE Romayn-Shirk -Resleter Rentin* and
Adv Co.. 612-613 Grant bldr.. 7ta and
Market sta. South 104.
Saleslady, competent to buy for a ribbon and
necktie counter, ladles' store. $10 50 week.
Waitress, plain hotel, city. $25 mo. room.
Waitress, restaurant, city place, $<j week.
Nursegtrls. nice easy places, $15 mo.
Girl, housework, early, no wa»h. $_n mo.
One expert chocolate dipper, nice place.
22 girls, housework, cooking-, $20, $S5.
A — HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
Woman to cook, boarding house, country. $«!O.
A — WANTED — Girls to tea'rn hatrdre-sing.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
In 2 wks; tuition $5 to those entering no-v; 3
positions to fill immediately; positions guar-
anteed at $10 w_. up; only recognized school
of lta kind on coast: day and eve. classes.
233 Geary et. room 13.
WANTED— Girls to learn millinery now for
spring season: both seasons taught frcm start
to finish In cne month for $5; positions aa
trimmers, salesladies, makers, guaranteed at
$10 per week up; 7 positions to be Blled by
first of year. Parlora 14.1 Stockton st.. r. 13.
A— PACD7IC College teaches halrdressing.
manicuring:, electric massage, etc. ; six hours'
practice a day; guarantees positions; only
recognized college of its kind on coast; day
and evening classes; all parlor work at re-
duced prices. 133 Powell st.
WANTED — A good housework girl; no cooking;
must come with good references; a clean,
capable, reliable girl, with some knowledge
of table waiting: a good home and good
wages is pfTered to such a girl at 1030 Do-
lores St., city, between 23d and 24th.
EXPERIENCED art goods saleswoman wanted.
Apply bet. 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Experienced lace and embroidery
saleswoman. Apply bet. 9 and 11 a. m.. at
HALE BROS.' ~' ./
EXPERIENCED ribbon saleswoman wanted.
Apply bet. 9 and 11 a. m.. at HALE BRO3.'
WANTED — Experienced salesladies in crock-
ery and household department. Apply
PRAGERS DEPARTMENT STORE. Market
and Jonea sts.
WANTED — Experienced wrapper*. Apply
PRAGERS DEPARTMENT STORE. Market
and Jonea ets.
WANTED — Young girl to assist with child.
Apply Thursday morning. 323 Map!* ■_>.
near Sacramento: car fare paid.
POSITION of trust to be Immediately flllM:
woman over 2V. must be trustworthy and ac-
curate. Box 1192, Call office.
A NURSEGIRL assist upstairs work and plain
sewing. $15. Apply 233 Third ave.. Richmond
district. •„,
GIRL for cashier; $5 week. Apply box 1131,
Call office.
INVALID gentleman wishes lady companion to
New York, by steamer, and Central Amer-
■ ica. all expenses and salary- paid; sail Sat-
urday. Box 1043. Call office.
A FINISHER wanted on fine custom coats;
steady work; gcod pay. 533 Natoma at.
' LADIES for steady home employment: tt and
$12 weekly. Emma Spreckels bid*. 927 Mar-
ket st.. room 61S.
TUCKERS on ladles' waists and children's
wear. CoC Mltalon St.. 3d floor.
i OPERATORS on ladles* waist.-. 658 Mission
I St., 3d fieor.
OPERATORS rn ladles' underwear. C36 Mis-
sion at.. ::<l floor. -
OPKRATORS on Udles' wash oversklrts. C56
Mission *t.. 3d floor.
I H-I.P WASTED — MALE.
THF Romayn-Ehlrk Register Renting anrt A4v'
, Co.. C12-«l:$ Grant bldg.. 7th and Market:
South 104— Fancy goods salesman and win-
dow dresser, capable of taking eharg- rt«-
rartm«nt. none but first -class men need ar>-
ply; men's furnishing salesman, small store;
boy. 1 1 to ltf years, work In grocery star*.'
$7 week; Al Jewelrymen. call early, $73 t<*
MAN, under 33. from «an Francisco or -lelnN
ty. to rrrimr-? for good position as railway
mall clerk; experience In postofflce not neces-
sary; entrance salary $3CO per annum, grad-
ual promotion; an exceptional «pentng: «-x-
amlnatlon soon. Call morning, W. L> COF-
FKY. 465 Parrott bldg.
WANTED — Two hlgh-clias solicitors, sell eer-
tlflcato* of deposit In a banking eorporatlin :
seme financial asalftame to thos« with ability
. and Al. referem-es; nun--- rther need apply;
opportunity to rcaliz- $5 to $10 \nr day.
Address bos 104f». Call office.
DRAUGHTSMAN wunted for sis engine rranu.
facturinx company ;. competent of doing ac.
curate work: need not be capable of design-
ing: give reference-; good position for right
party. Address S D. box 126". Call.
EXPERIENCED young man. about 19, for
flrst-class grocery: good wages far ruht
-*xty. Eox 11 V, CaU,sri.p WAyTrn — mii.t;— c^ntttinfec..
A— MURRAY A READY. CU-fiM Clay st.
Piioce Main CMS.
l-*"-*<ii»BT EBijiluymciu ana L»bor Agents.
V.« gave ,*. VJO4 we hope to
Otf.lMJ rtvcii work in 1UXI. Increase «*0,u00.
BRIDGE CARPKNTKKS.
6 bridge can**nters tor sawmill co.. lose
lonjf Job oc-^utry. $*;.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Tinstnilh. ci:y job. $:; to $4 day.
Sowing machine operator on canraa $2 SO
day.
6 «a:lmakrra. city jobs. $3 to $4 day.
M'.lkor and wire, Portuguese, near city. $40
and round.
Cook and wife, mine, Nevada. 25 men. $35
and Tcund. » ]
17 farm hands, plow teamsters.
il choienjcn and chore beys, private anil
rancfars.
HOTEL HELP.
Cooks, waiters, dishwashers, porters, bell
and elevator beys.
Dyer and clean*"-, good Jcb, country.
6 labor."-*, $i 7.'. rt ay. n«ar city.
ML'RRAY A READY. G31-636 CUy st-
COAL MINERS]
OREGON ntEE FARE. OREGOX.
* ?©el miners, goo* mine. Oregon, $3 to $4
day.
FREE FARE.
MURRAY & READY. 634-€36 Clay *.
BOOKKEEPER -. • A tunorrapher for a raulM-
n -.:;; .- t -. v ranch; «-• - owner at our office.
Ften<ip<-api,er and assist en bocks for a coun-
try commercial bark; see president of bank
at our office to-day.
MURRAY A READY, CU-C56 Clay at.
AAA— PKRRTS MERCANTILE BUREAU.
806 Market St.. room X2&. fifth floor.
Office hours. 9 a. ta. to S p. ra.
Book k«r per » *>.«>:.. :;t $15 to $25 week
fiter.r^frrapher $15 w«ek
Manar*"- department store $25 week
Bill an.1 *>ntry clerk $15 week
Drug clerk $12 week
Ch«r«*T $15 week
Timekeeper $15 week
Accountant $15 to $25 week
«»ll»Ttor $15 week
Flrv r maTiager $13 week
T».> ele-ks $15 week
G»n»rsl fffic* work $15 week
<""i«Tk. city or country $15 we»k
Yo-jtis; man. l?*m dentistry $10 week
SO> M*ri«?t St.. room 325. fifth floor.
GKORGE~DAVIS * CO..
EMPLOYMENT AGENCY. 130 Sansome st.
Dry goods salesman, out of town, $100.
WfcoWale millinery man. $25 we«k.
Salesman for silks and tea gowns, $25 week.
Palesnjnn for pictures) and views, good pay.
Working jeweler, for country, $4 day.
.!*■»■» lry clerk, $20 wwlc.
Wine salesman leharr.pajrne), $20 week.
All imund tailor. $3 dey.
FTenorrapher. $50.
Or*"aTi! man. candy bouse, good pay.
Hamwsmakers. good pay.
THE NATIONAL EMPLOYES RECORD CO.
H8h»!i'.asher mlesman. $18 week.
Offir<- asst.. not over 13 years old, $10.
Interior wireman. union wap-y.
Fh^rrxr. packer &nd porter. $50.
Ar^islant wrapper. t'-iO start.
Driver. rroc*ry vagon. $6. •■ *•»
Ycunp mr.n for rhotograph: jrood chance*.
Technical, clerical and laboring help wanted.
Cl Third et. . Rooms 8-10.
At C. R. HANFEN A CO.'S 423 Bush st.
Mun end wife, both cuoks. country hotel, $70
Orsterman, nrrt-cias* country hotel $35
2 rrldjrt carpenters, north $.3 day
C. R. HANt-EN & iX).. 429 Bush st.
AT HORD * SMITHS. "
Contract or*' Ac-r.t* 05 Third st.
Ehippinit c!crk. city. $12 5O; one experienced
«-:<h furniture preferred.
ncurhnut baker. S12; city.
Exp^riencedjtorr^l man, einvcamp. $53 and
found. -^
AzraJcr County — Teamrters, $2. ■
CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
14 Third St.; phine Bush 405.
:- .;•-•«*» a moment's notice; skilled or
ur skilled workmen to contractors or others;
city or country. Help secured free.
CTLKH for city. $40 and found: shift boss
for aulcksilver mine. $3 -day: man to raise
air?lfa on «'nares: driller. $3 day: and others.
J. F. ''KQgETT & <TV. egS Sacramento st.
ANDRE'S of flee. 317 Stockton st. — Cement
wrrk*r. French preferred; waiter. $30: cook,
$5<"': prrtrr. $25; housrman, $25; elevator
boy. CIS, etc.
A BT.TLER for a clubhouse, $50 a menth. ref-
erence*. *ee party here; a second butler,
«nr>* place. $33. peferencrr. MI?S PLUN-
KETT, 425 Putter «., near PowelL
WANTED — Young man who Is an experienced
jew lr- •■:•.■. >--—.:i n. Apply bet. 9 and 11 a. m.
at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Your-g man to do billing: roust be
a rapid legible writer. Apply between 9
nrvn 31 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
FIRST-CLASS drees goods salesman wanted
Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BHOS.'
WANTED — Bright young man to sell wheeled
rooo>. Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Gracuat* of military college. 79
or 30 years cf age: full particulars in an-
fwere Box 1140, Call.
WANTED — One cr two men to learn a trade;
rnurt have $10 for security; no Sunday work.
Call 61S Merchant, bet. Kearny and Montg.
TAILORS — First -cla*n coatmaker wanted for
the country. ■ARXSTEI.V. SIMON & CO.
BOY wanted for shop work. Kohn's Electrical
Repair Co., Cor. Polk and Sacramento Kts.
WANTED — Strong your.g man to carry route
en this paper. Apply route 20.
BOTS to polirh badge? etc. J. C. IRVINE A
CO.; ~r,\ Market *t.
CARPENTER wanted for finishing. lTTi
Gough Et.
WANTED— A waiter; wages $30. Call at 10
o'clock. 1S51 Powell st.
BARBER wanted. 1055 Market sC
MEN — The r-r.ry original Moler Barber Cblleg*
teaches barber trade in 8 weeks; wages
earned while learning.
New quarters and new appliances.
Call or write for illustrated catalogue.
Meier Barber College. 049 Sacramento at.
Lately moved from Clay st.
WANTED — By a large soap manufacturer, 3
farmer's sens In each State, with rigs, to
call on the country merchants; salary $100 a
month and expenses ana contract for one
T«ar. Buffalo Chemical Co.. Buffalo. N. Y.
A PLEASANT Tared, fine appearing registered
pfcycictan and surgeon; must be qulte^gray,
but art:**; positively no other; no traveling:
»s!ary $200 or more when well started. Call
at 25 Third st.
WANTED — Men to prepare for railway mail.
Internal revenue and cuatom-house positions;
free catalogue. Pacific Correspondence Insti-
tute. Grant bldg.. 1005 Market; open evgs.
WANTED — Man tn established commission
business; must be able to keep light office
bonka; Email capital required. BAN FRAN-
CISCO REALTY CO.. 1035 Market st.
WANTED — Men and women to learn the bar-
ber trade, under Orrt-cla»s Instructor; only 6
week, required at GILLETTS SCHOOL. 611
rorr.mercial st.
WANTED — Lsborere and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, has
sided 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
2J7 Third it.: 250 rooms: 25c to 50c per eight.
W/NTED — Educated gentleman for encyclope-
6i* -work; f !000 per year; references required.
T*ox 1190. Call office.
WANTED — Experienced solicitors for »ale of
irT!t-«ti*ed Investment; refs. required. Box
_U 41. Call.
UP-TO-DATE barber shop for sale; Market
and Sixth et*. See COLEMAN. 806 Mutual
Bask bldg.
FINE two-rhalr barber shop for sale. Inquire 1
H. BARNARD. !«» Seventh St.
WANTED — fcteco*;rapber. cot over 25 yean
old; ttste ace, experience. Box 1401, Call.
ROY about 15 for men's furnishing store; Ger-
man preferred. 424 Kearny st.
MUST S---11 2-chalr barber shop; 4 living rooms
Mission, at Twenty-first.
mn sale — Half interest in 4-chair barber shop
123 Third st.
CHANCE for two young men to learn the
barber trade free. 751 MUsalon at.
CAILOP.S and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the worla at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
MEN to learn the detective business! paTd
while learning. W7 Market tt.. room 104.
aCEN. learn the barber trade; tuition tr*» to
lucky one. 741 Howard «t.
MEN wanted at 137 3d st.. where shoes are re-
paired by machinery; sewed soles 10 ™in 75c
EAILORS and young men (green hands) for
rhlps. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson rt. . /
LABOR debts collected; cults, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. .128 Montgy.. r.41a.
PENSION atry., E. A. Ballls, r. 40. Phelan bid.
Fast Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post., G. A. R.
, f * -' - ■ ■ — — — — — ■— i — — — — — — i— ss— s— — s— — s— — — »
...OF SAN FRANCISCO..;
A Beautiful Novelty in Decorated China '
!■■!— ■■■ ' ' " ' ' ' - • * • •• • , We offer our smjill sd D&trons this week
Byy«sTffiikjBKg! r^^^^^5tS?Sxp^.j/^^ at
CALL BUSINESS OFFICE 1 OAKLAND OFFICE
Third and Market* Streets 1016 Broadway
JgETJ WASTED— MAXE— -ContlnnajL
HIGH GRADE POSITIONS OPEN. ~
If you are a competent man. unemployed
or dissatisfied with your position, we can
place you. Investigate our plan of securing
petitions in clerical, technical and mercantile
line», paying from $1000 to $5000 year. In-
terviews strictly confidential. Offices and
representatives in many cities. ! Commercial
Clearance Company, suite 415-16 Starr King
bldg., 117 Geary st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 23c
u> 60c. C71 Mission St.. bet. 1st and -i. sts.,
cr 11 Third St., Examiner building.
WANTED— Men to fill 350 rooms tt 20c per
eight; clothes closets, hair mattresses, elec-
tric light in every room. 6S1 Howard, nr. 3d.
TRY our men's shoes, union made; $1 and $1 54
pair; foot-form shoes. $2 50; we pay express
' charges. 1] 3d st.. Exam, bid.: open till 9 p.m.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church st*.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of. advertisements ana subscription* has
been opened at 1008 Maiket St.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
ALL *:zea men's shoes, slightly damaged, halt
price. 571 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sta.
HOBSES AOT WAQOHS. '
HORSE and wagon and poultry for sale; poul-
try ranch for rent: cheap. Apply at ALEX.
HISHER'S. 5650 Mission Et.. Six-Mile House,
San Francisco. Cal.
TWO car'oaas broke horse*, weighing from
10OO to 1GOO pounds, at \VeEt*rn Horse Mar-
ket. E. STEWART & CO.. 220 Valencia.
THE quarterly bulletin ort5. F. Veterinary Col-
lege now ready; mailed free upon application
to DK. E. J. CREELY. Pres.. C10 Golden Gat*
CHEAP; one single and one double pendle top
wagon and 5 business wagons. 1503 Folsom.
WANTED— Dullness buggy; state condition
and price. Box 1005, Call office.
FOR sale — Phaeton and harr.esa. Box 4500,
Call office.
FOR sate — 10 second-hand express wagons, one
single truck. 233 Beale sC
AUCTION rale of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth it.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. • .
HOUSES T^JLET. ,
A — PRINTED list of bouses uTlet ~; send f or ctr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 20 Montgomery
UNFURNISHED or partly fnrnlnned hemt;
Presidio Height* ; 8 rooms and bath. Box
737. Call office. . )/. ..-.-i
HOUSES FURNISHED — FOB SALE.
JONES, 919A— Well-furnlehed 7-room house;;
few rooms rented; covers aH expenses; rent
$35: must be sold this week.
COTTAGES ! fro HET. .
$16 — 5-ROOM cottage on Cottage row, nr. Web-
ster, bet. Sutter and Bush. Inquire No. 7.
HOTELS.
HOTEL 1015 Van Nesa ave' —
This tirst-clats hotel, now being conducted on
American plan, especially for families for the
season or year. Location ls unsurpassed. The
equipments are all modern with every con-
venience. The rooms are large, sunny and
comfortable; superb view; furnishings are all
eUgant. Cuisine highest order. H. C. SHAN-
NON, manager, formerly of Hotel Langnaa.
N. Y., and Moana Hotel. Honolulu. ,
INSTALLMENT BUILDINO.
BUILDING" CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.
Installment homes. 512 Callaghan building,
will build on your property or buy you a lot;
$8 a month pays principal and interest on
each $1000 of balance due, making your ln-
stallments lean than rent:, send for circular.
INVESTMENTS.
RARE bargain; American . Marconi . Wireless
stock at $3 MO per share; transfer and quick
delivery guaranteed; can supply any unlisted
stock at bargain price: write me your wants.
- E- COWI'KR-THWAITE. Stockton. Cal.
LAUNCHES FOB KIBE.
C A. McNEILL LAUNCH .CO.. foot of Clay
- st.; for pleasure and business; teL Bush (34.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY. DECEMBER 8, 1904.
LOST AND rOTJNP.
LOST — Gold watch, Wednesday, Dec. 7, be-
tween 12 m. and 1 p. in., on Market St., be-
tween Stockton and Grant ave: ; monogram
M. C. H.: Waltham make. Kindly return to
54 Fair Oaks St., bet. 21st and L"Jd; reward.
LOST — On Halgbt st., near Steiner, small
brown purse, containing sum of money.
Finder please return to 6 Walter St.. near
Duboce ave. ; receive reward.
LOST — Purse containing $30, on Pacific ave., :
bet. Lacuna and Webster sts. Please re-
turn to 2100 Pacific ave., side door; reward. [
LOST— Ladies' silk belt, gold buckle In drag,
on head; reward. JOE ROSENBERG. 816
Market st. , , ,
LOST — Tuesday, necklace of pearl beads, with
clasp of brilliants; liberal reward. Address
. box 1123, Call office.
LOST — Lady's gray leather hand bag, on
Hayes etreet car, at 5:15 last evening;
Under please return to 462 Eddy st.
LOST — Collie <Jog.' white and tan. Notify L.
A. CON KLIN, 2029 Pierce St.; reward.
MATTBESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard St.; phone South 310.
MONEY TO LOAN. _^
—MANHATTAN LOAN "^COMPANY ~(Inc.)—
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN.-
INTEREST 5% AND 8 PER CENT....
CITY, OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRY
PROPERTY
Second mortgages, life insurance policies, es-
tates in probate, undivided Interests In prop-
erty, prcbatc realty loans, gtocks and bonds.
legacies and undivided interests in property
purchased.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY %
Suite 107-10S Crocker bldg. ; phone Main 5924. <
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY,
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments. .
Rave expenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided 'inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc. ; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terest* In property purchased. .
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money, ■; ■■'■:.-
See HERMAN MURPHY. '
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on '
1st. 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate.
In city, town or country. \
Low rate of Interest.
Give full particulars
/ of property,
Location, etc.
'^\-: Box 223. Call office.
A — THE Portland Jewelry Co.. 25 Stockton St.,
loans money on diamonds, valuables, etc., at
2 per cent per month; fire and burglar-proof
safe; deposit vault on premises for free use
of customers. • - .■
SALARY LOANS — •
Money loaned salaried- people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment:
call and get terms. Drake, 453 Parrott bid.
A — ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates ; no
removal; no publicity; also- on, real estate;
1st or 2d mortgages or on any secu/lty; any
amount. O. W. BECKER, 36 Geary, ifoom 86.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
v toOO Market; tel. Main 1044. Branch 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, / retail' mer-
chants, . teamsters, boarding-houses,, without
security; easy payments; large business in 44
principal cities. TOLMAN, 553 Parrott bldg.
ON salaries, insurance policies, chattel mart.
gages, diamonds, valuable*, etc. UNITED
LOAN AND TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton st.,
, near Market, - ;.f ■■ : ...
PRIVATE — Money loaned on salaries without
security: diamonds or chattels; no fee; no
com.; cut rate. Cal. Loan Co., 523 Parrott bid.*
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
private, confidential. 26 Montgomery, rm. 21.
MONEY to loan at low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HKSTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st. /
SALARIED people on note. 8. F. DISCOUNT
AGENCY.. 125-127 Phelan blog. Private.
MONEY loaned In sums from $10 upward; rea-
sonable Interest. A." O. Colton. 717 Mills bid.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches. Jewelry;
, oonfd. Diamond Parlor Jewelry Co.. 722 Mkt.
TO salari«d people without security.* The White
Co... 420 Calltornia St.. ; rooms . 14 and 15. ,
DON'T borrow money on salary until you se*
us. Button Cra*U GCU 012 Mutual Bank bldg.
Box 4500,
MONET TO LOAN — Continued. '
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes.-' Room 311,' Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds A Jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 638 Kearny.
3% ON furniture A pianos; $15 up; no removal:
no com. V. TREMAIN. room SI. 6 Eddy st.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorser. MORRKLL. 609 Examiner building.
MEDIC AT*.
LADIES who are In trouble br suffering from
any ailment peculiar to their sex can find
Immediate relief by consulting Dr. White,
the only graduate physician in 8an Fran-
cisco who has devoted ailfetlme to helping
women; 17 years' experience without. a fail-
ure has put him at the head. He guaran-
tees relief or no pay.
DR. WHITE, 702 Market St., rooms 7 and 8.
DRS. GOODWIN has returned from Europe;
estab. 1SS4 In S. F.; 2G years' experience;
female complaints only; Drs. Goodwin 19 well
known to enjoy the Implicit confidence of
ladles suffering from Irregularities or other
conditions; relief assured or no charge; avoid
delay; fee low; hours 2 to * and 6:33 to 8:30
p. m. 850 Market St., second floor, rbonr 37.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable speclailsTfoiTall fe-
male troubles and irregularities; Instant re-
llef guaranteed. 1008% Market St., opp. 5th.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and Irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed: 30 years' experience. 944 Post st.
LADIES — Possibly I'm not the cheapest nor
yet the oldest specialist here, but I AM a
RELIABLE graduate phvslclan. When In
trouble confide In me. Irregularities relieved;
the unfortunate helped; I promise best at-
tention and no danger: I guarantee prompt
results or no charge. Room I. Est. 14 years.
DR. E. G. WEST, of flee 305 K»arny at.
VALPEAITS remale pills; best regulating pills
sold; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's syr-
inge and tablets: price $5. By express only
on receipt of price. OSQOOD BROTHERS,
wholesale druggists. Seventh and Broadway
Oakland.
DR. O. W. O'DONNELL-All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
-complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated*
advice free. Office, 1018 Market st. |
MRS< D JV, O A V LEN ' ladles •Pectallst.- removed
from 1118 Market to 838 Mission at. near
Fourth; home In confinement; 25 years' ex-
pertence; best medical attention; low fees.
LADIES suffering from Irregularities sick m-
In trouble, consult Dr. Sylvester 219. Kearny
St.; relief guaranteed; no drugs.no operations.
CANCERS, floating kidney, rectal, spinal dis-
eases cured painlessly. ADA, 1024 Mis-
sion st.
TALBOT BARNARD, Australian Nerve Spec-
■ lalist, has arrived: limited number patients
treated home; consultation free. 3221 21st st.
MRS. DR. GWYER. 511A Leavenworth St.. be-
tween Geary and O'Farrell. Tel. East 697.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS'
original method of treatment. 1120 Market.'
LADIES— Kumround: safe. sure, never falls;
$2. Gleafion-Ruggles Drug Co.. Kearny & Clay.'
DR. ROSEN, residence 2995 Folsom su, corner
26th; ladles, relief or no fee: $10.
MISCELLANEOUS— rOR, SALE, i
2D-HAND, machinery, engine, bcllers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., -. bought, •- sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery McIN-
TOSH A WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
AN elegant assortment of diamonds, Jewelry
- and gealakins for sale on small weekly pay-
ments; ' goods • delivered on first • payment.
UNITED TRUST CO., 21 Stockton St.;
A — BUYS, sells ; or rents gear machinery, en-
~ glnes, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc' WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.' '
A— THE (P. J. - Co.) California - virgin gold
wedding rings for sale . by the PORTLAND
JEWELRY CO.. 25 Stockton st.
FURS — Drummer will close out wholesale sam-
ple line: you save 50 to 100 per cent; after-
noons. 509 Market st., room 60, Flood bldg.
A NEW. Cadillac auto'for sale; big reduction;
• entirely • equipped - with extras. 'Box 1768.
Call office ' : ■ ■ -
REPUTABLE place ■ to rent Rents' full dress.
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits.' J. COOPER
• 21 Stockton st. (formerly at,' Palace; Hotel.)
TRY- our -men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 SO; . we pay express
charges. - 11 3d. St.. Exam, bid.; catalog . free.
A FINE - large diamond 'and- emerald .cluster
-ring; a bla bargain; $350. Hesthal, 10 6th at.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOB, BAI.E— Con.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Have you a leaky tin. shingle, felt or Iron
roof? Cover It with Mastic Roofing. It ls best
lor old. and new roofs, and for valleys, gutters,
dtcks, balconies, etc. Mastic Roof Paint and
Roofing Cement will stop small leaks. Write
us about tt. ■ Elaterlte Roofing Co., 713 Market
DIAMONDS and jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'S, 137 Mont-
gomery st.. room 12, upstairs.
HIGHEST cash price paid for diamonds at
- PAUL V. GARIN'S. 114 Sutter st. j
TOWEY'S furniture polish removes spots. and
stains; free delivery. 370 Fell st.
GAS engines, centrifugal pumps; highest grade;
lowest prices. Price Pump Co., 523 Market st.
SAFES and cash registers: new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1325 Market st.
2D-HAND bldg. material; lumber, door. sash.
. plumb, material. The Pol an Co.. 1607 Market.
FULL line of drummers' samples In grips and
trunks: for sale cheap at 25 Stockton st.
AN elegant sealskin for sale for $75. SECUR-
ITY LOAN & TRUST CO., 21 Stockton st.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 807 Mission St.; tel. South 811.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
_ bargains. Bullard A Breck, 131 Post st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launch's;
' all sizes. J. E. DOAK, 46 Fremont st.
ROOMS papered, $4 up: tinting, painting.
Hartma'hn Paint Co.. 319 Third: tel. Main 413.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
AAAAAA — BUYS any amount good 2<l-hanr!
clothing: special price for fancy ladles' and
■ men's clothes. 922 Folsom; tel. Folsom 3522.
AAAAA — Highest prices for ladies', gents' cast-
off clothing. Tel.Davis S25. 050 Sacramento st.
DIAMONDS and precious stones bought for
cash. KARL EBER A CO.. r. 406, Adams
bldg.. 206 Kearny St.; phone Black 3036.
Levy A Redl»r, highest price for gents' cast-off
clothing, shoes; tel. Red 1544. 616 Washington
MINES AND MINING-.
L.NRGB Kravel proposition; old river bed:
worth $3 per yard; fully developed; $5000
wanted ' to complete washing equipment;
stopes ready for extraction. C.D., box 1143,
Call' office. - ' . .
. ', ■. -': .; MUSICAL 1 INSTRUMENTS.
A NUMBER OF BARGAINS IN UPRIGHTS!
A -small upright. , a snap- $95
Stodart. mahogany case, fine condition.. $135/
Grov'esteen & Fuller, full size concert.. $145
Fischer, thoroughly repaired ,.......$160
• Also a Chlckerlng. Vose, Stelnway, Weber,
Ma?on & Hanilin. Sterling and many others.
Easy payments. BENJ. CURTAZ A SON.
10 O'Fafrell st.
A GREAT opportunity — We are closing out
our entire Seattle stock in S. F. at prices
never heard of before; all makes: your
term* are our terms; rents $2 up; allowed If
purchased. HEINE PIANO CO., 235-237
Geary St.; 8. F.; Oakland. 1252 Broadway.
PARTY must sell large Stelnway upright;
cost $700; price $285; will accept 'payments;
no reasonable cash /offer 'refused. 237
f Geary st. t j ■
BEAUTIFUL new upright pianos for rent. $3
-per. month; one year's rental allowed If pur-
■ . chased. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 560 Hay— st.
A SMALL* Etelnway upright; cost $500; $183
. take* It. 237 Geary st. . •
FISCHER upright; cost $350; will sell for $96.
% 237 Geary *t. ... ■ , -
FOR honest and - fair dealing. Hornung Piano i
House. 216 McAllister st.
ELEGANT uprights, new A 2d-hand.$45 to $500.
' Pierce'* Piano Factory. Market and 14th sts.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos, Cecellan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
NEW upright, pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ A CO.. 16 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Stelnway up; Checkering baby grand;
Shoninger, little used. Keeffe's, 285 O'Farrell.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.'
18 page«. in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
- OIL LANDS. V
FLATHBAD VALLEY OIL LANDS. . .
■ ,- - Southeast Kootenay, B. C.
' For sale— 2 oil claims, 640 acres each, on
the Klsh-e-nehn Creek. Apply WILLIAM O.
MORRISON. Pal&ee Hotel. Saa Francisco.. .
j __. OFFICES AXTD STOBES TO LST, |
A FEW rrora select business offices for rent In
the new building. SE. corner Montgomery
'. and Sacramento streets, single or In suites.
; ct reasonable prices; every office has cab-
j inets with running water, electric light,
j Fteam heat, pneumatic sweepers, safe and
- all mod'-rn improvements up to~date: light.
■ heat and Janitor service Included In the rent,
j G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
! TO lease — A store In course of construction; In
excellent location; brisk opportunity for dry
goods, temperance grocery, shoe store; floor
area 1700 square feet; ready Jan. 15; near
: Market. Sixteenth and Noe sts.: $50. Box
1473. Call.
OAK. cor. Broderick — Large store suitable for
trrocry and saloon: opposite carhoose.
PERSONALS.
"R-E-X-R-A-D-I-O-'-S B-U-L-L-E-T-I-N-."
FEW SAMPLES OUT OF HUNDREDS.
-"REXRADIO'S" <non-medlcal) treatment for
j ALL alleged INCURABLE diseases.
"REXRADIO'S" TERMS are moderate; con-
sultation, diagnosis FREE.
"NAMES" of patients (following) can be seen
at offices. •- ■'."•
"PHYSICIAN," ONE OF THE MOST PROM-
INENT IN CITY, WAS. LAST WEEK.
PUBLICLY TREATED BY REXRADIO
FOR DEAFNESS. AND INSTANTLY
HEARD "WHISPERS" AT 30 FKKT.
"OSSIFIED" lady. Mrs. Knowles. 379 Bart-
lett. STILL freely moves her years' SOLID
Joints.
"KEXRADIO" quickly cured my agonizing,
crippling LUMBAGO.
"REXRADIO'S" (first) treatment removed
my severe, chronic STOMACH trouble.
"REXRADIO" promptly, thoroughly cured my
dangerous LUNG dlseaae.
"REXRADIO" Instantly made my totally
DEAF ear hear distant whisper.
"REXRADIO" cured my disabling SCIATICA; ',
1 run, leap, easily. N
"BEDRIDDEN" for years; I rose from bed
unaided ; 1 treatment. ">.y..--- ■■-'. ■
"REXRADIO" Instantly cured my tongue
PARALYSIS and I spoke well.
"REXRADIO" speedily cured my PARALY-
SIS; I run and leap.
"REXRADIO" saved me from Imminent
BLINDNESS: sight now perfect.
"REXRADIO'S" few treatments cured my
CANCER, large as hen's egg.
"REXRADIO'S" 1 treatment freed my AN-
CHYLOSED helpless limbs.
"REXRADIO" Made ray DEAF MUTE pa-
t lent begin hear, speak.— PHYSICIAN.
"REXRADIO" . cured us of 10 severe chronic
d I sea ses: see us. • .__
"REXRADIO" has cured many (distant) pa-
tients he has never seen.
"$1000 FORFEIT" If above statements are
not absolutely TRUE. '- : :y?
"REXBADIO'S" new WEEKLY CIRCULAR
will Interest you; call for It.
"REXRADIO'S" office hours 2 to 7. Free
public healing TO-DAY. 2 and 8 p. m. CUT
OUT these ad* for SICK FRIENDS. Ra-
dlum Hall. 1 Fourth st. (cor. Market).
A FACE without a wrinkle may be the pos-
sssslon of any one who takes the fun treat-
ment for the removal of facial Imperfections
practiced by M. ELLA HARRIS; simple
remedy, based upon scientific principles; per-
manent In effect; proofs shown; send for free
bcoklet "Hints on Beauty." M. ELLA HAR-
RIS. 12S Geary st- \ - ■
A A— WHY look old? '■
Fifteen-day rate will now be given by MME.
GILLINGHAM: a lady 72 years of age with
wrinkles and pufflness removed from one side
of the face can be seen Sally : write for book-
let. 143 Stockton St., cor. Geary.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
.proves Its growth.stops falling. «ures dandruff
and Itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses »calp;at druggists', hairdresser*'; ac-
c«pt no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 1333 Polk.
MRS LEGG, the noted mental scientist, has
opened offices at 2214 Howard St.; all dis-
eases positively cured wlthdXit medicine; to-
bacco A liquor habits specialty; consult free.
INVALID irentleroan wishes lady companion to
New York by steamer and Central America;
all expenses and salary paid; sail Saturday.
Box 1044. Call.
OXYGEN massag* cures weakness and nervous
troubles. Office. 820 Starr King bldg.. 121
Geary st. MRS. HOLSHOUSER. magnetic
specialist; ladles and gentlemen.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
■ carpet twine In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews. 709 Fifth St.. Oakland.
RUGS made from old carpets; Ingrain, brus-
sels. tapestry and moquette; chenille curtains
woven Into new rugs. Fluff Rug Factory.
662 Market st.. Oakland; take West 8th car.
DETECTIVE — Private detective; all classes Ie-
• ultimate work promptly attended to. HARRY
ROGERS, 816 O'Farrell. Phone 8utter 2634.
IMPORTANT — Any one knowing the address
of FRANK G. O'NEIL will receive a reward
If sant to box 14S2. Call Office, 8. F.. Cal.
FANCY and silk dresses carefully washed.
JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRY, estab.
1S&0. 2122 Fillmore St.; phone Geary 2033.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LTONsT, London
Tailor, 721 Market st.
YOTJ can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 90
downward $1 50 per week. T. "BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 34O Post St.. near PowelL
ELECTRIC light baths; hot and cold tub
baths. 467 Geary st.
C. E. JEWETT, purchasing agent; country
orders. 305 Larkln. r. 49. tel. South 319.
SUITS to order on Installments cf $1 per week.
NEUHAUS CO.. the tailors. 729 Market st.
EASY Installments for Men and Youths. Suits
to order. Co-operative Tailoring, 1117 Mkt.
$1 a week; suits to order $15 up. LEMOS. 1137
Market St., bet. Seventh and Eighth.
ONE dollar weekly keep* yon in fin* elothlng.
Art Tailoring. 1644 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas.
ELEGANT suits to order extra pants or fancy
vests, for $14 75. Fred Wagner. 650 Market.
Superfluous hair removed; electric needle. Mrs.
Eaten. 3C0 Sutter. Miss Eaton. 2X1 Geary.r.33.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor.cor.Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country ortera. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color.$l at all druggists*.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
102m Market St.. bet. 6th and 7th; parttcu-
. lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty
DR. BALL. 1073% Market et
REMOVED— DR. WONO HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason str, now lo-
cated at 667 Geary at., near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured: new methods; 1 week's
treatment free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutler.
FUBCHASXNG AGENCIES.
CLARA E. JEWETT. purchasing agent; coun-
try orders a specialty: correspondence solicit-
ed. 305 Larkln ST.. room 49; tel. South 319.
• " PATENTS,
INVENTIONS pa ten ted7~F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. 6 Hobart bids.. 532 Market st.
•' ; ' ' . PBOPOSASS.
PROPOSALS for box lockers— Office Depot
Quartermaster. 36 New Montgomery st. San
Francisco. Cal., Dec. 7, 1904 — Sealed pro-
posals In triplicate, subject to usual condi-
tions, will be received here until 10 o'clock
a. m., Friday. Jan. 6. 1900, and then opened
for furnishing 5000 box lockers (more or less)
at th« Saa Francisco depot. The United
States reserves the right to accept or reject
any or all bids or any part thereof. In-
formation and blank proposals will be fur-
nished on application. Envelopes containing
proposals ' to be marked. "Proposal for box
lockers.. No. 9400," and addressed to MAJOR
C. A. DEVOL, Q. M., U. S. A.. Depot Quar-
trrmaster. "
$20,000 MUNICIPAL water works bonds, town
- of Wheatland. for sale, untaxable, bearing 5
'per cent Interest; serial 40 years; bids will
be received up to Monday. Dec. 0. 1904. cer-
tified check of 10 per cent to accompany bid.
For Information address R* N. MURPHY.
. Town Clerk. Wheatland. Cal.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
. Smith Premier. $25: other typewriter* at
1 higher and . lower prices; rentals $2 50. - Th*
Typewriter Exchange. 638 California st. .
SD-HAND typewriters ■ sold, rented, repaired.
Webstar Typewriting InantA CO.. MS TlfiiT * ■
XEAL ESTATE — CITY— TOB SALE.
W. J. GUNN.
K» CALIFORNIA ST.
(Savings T'nion Building.)
$1700— t'nlcTi st.. on north, or sunny, side; 3
low., 27.«xll0: ready for building: ma-
rine view; these ■ lots must be sold; a
bnnraln can be had; make offer; de-
r slrable residences to go up on the ad-
joining lots; positively the cheapest lets
in Western Addition; cars pass in front.
$1DCO— For 2 lots. 50xrj(>. on east side Elev-
enth ave.. 223 feet south from Pclnt
Lobos ave.; ready for building; street—
■ graded, macadamised and sewered; at
bargain can be had.
W. J. GUNN.
fl«> CALIFORNIA ST.
FOR PALE. ~~~
4S BY. lOtt
ON FILLMORE STREET. t .
ONLY $.»».
MORTGAGE OF $11><>i> AT 6 PER CENT MAT
REMAIN.
THOMAS MAGEE A SONS.
tt MONTGOMERY ST.
BUILDERS. ATTENTIONl
50 FEET.
ELLIS STREET.
CLOSE TO TAYLOR.
CHEAP.
THOMAS MAGEE A SONS,
S MONTGOMERY ST.
ONLY A YE— LEFT.
$1 25 PER WEEK.
NO INTEREST. NO TAXE8.
$200 for choice lots. Excelsior Homesteail
Tract; level as a billiard table; on grade;
close to fine school and Mlsslon-st. electrlo
cars; bound to double tn value.
$400 each, on Installments cf $10 per month;
no taxes; fine lots, near Ocean boulevard;
best residence location south of Golden G*t»
Park; these are the cheapest lots In this dl*>
trtct; advancing In price rapidly.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery st.. r. 8. Phcne Main BUM.
POST st., between Octavla and Laguna, lot
25:10x120 ft; running through to rear street:
improvements consist of 2 cottages: excellent
location for modern flats; $7500; terms.
Oceans Me. cottage; a bargain; neat 4-room
cottage on Forty-eighth ave., lot 23x114; $1700;
$lu0 cash, balance Ilk* rent; price reduced for
quick sale.
W. N. RUSSELL,
301 California, st.. San FTancliooi. Cml.
$5700 — IF you want a 7-room modern horn*
you cannot do better: take Masonic-are, ear
and get off at Shrader st.; owner oa th*
premise*. 1047 Shrader . st.
NEW. sunny flats. $7000; half cash; Golden
Gate ave.. near Central ave.; 5 and 8 rooms,
bath; attics; 2 basements; rooms tinted and
frescoed; open dally; street work complete.
COTTAGE. 6 rooms, hath; nice garden; 28*
114; $200; terms reasonable. See owner. 435
Parrott building.
MARINE view lot. 25x137:6 with L SOslOO;
Filbert, bet. Brodcrtck and Baker. MXTLLER.
Bay and Webster.
6TANDARD portable shower baths sold fey
Ahlbach A Mayer, plumbers, S38 Howard et.
FOR sale— 6-room cottage and bath. 41 Rlca-
l&nd avenue. Owner on premises Sunday.
AISTP WARES OJTSjGS.
A— EMPORIUM Storage A Van Co.: furniture*
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725*
"31 Howard St.. nr. Third; phoa* Orant 181.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. S Eddy st!i
phone Mint 2441; JOHN F. COOPEX. pre*.;
fun.lture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage A Moving Ca. of-
ftce Poet and Pcwell sts.: teL Pri. Ex. 371.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Corn-
pan), 2320 Flllmore st.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKIN8 Van and Storn*e Co., 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
BERKELEY APVERT'S'NTS
BEAX, ESTATE.
BERKELET REAL ESTATE.
• rooms; modern; newly renovated through-
out: lot 40x75: fine location In South Berkeley;
4 blcks from Key Route; $2600; $200 cash, bal-
ance like rent. ■• • ?
W. X. RUSSELL.
301 California. St.. San Francisco. Cal.
WILSON'S Inn. M44 University ave.— A fine.
modern house; central location. A. II. WIL-
EON.
FRUITYALE ADYEBT ? S ? T3
VHUVrVAX.U SEAL ESTATE.
$750— CHOICE corner lot on Frultvale ave.. SO
xl25; splendidly located and a snap.
$650 — Cut from $750 to make quick sale; 60x
163; in fruit; half block oS Fruitvala ave.;
nice homes ail around; worth $900; aasy
terms.
BELDEN. 1112 Broadway. Oakland.
FOR sale — Modern 5-room cottage; lot 49x133;
fruit trees, etc. Call owner. 1004 King ave..
Frultvalo.
OAKLAND ADVERT'S'aTTS
OFFICE. lOlttlBROADWAY.
OAKLAND BXAI. ESTATE.
CLEARANCE SALE OF BANE PKOPEKTT.
We have been exclusively authorised to sell
on easy term* the remaining Oakland proper-
tles acquired by the
SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION
under foreclosure of mortgage.
We will sell these properties at figures far
below the present market rates. If you want
a bargain call or write us for particular*.
J. H. MACDONALD & Ca.
10S2 Broadway.
DR. MERRITT ESTATES PROPERTY 1*OS
SALE.
We have been appointed txctasfr* agents by
the trustees of the Samuel Merritt Hospital
fcr the sale of all the property belonging to the
saltl hospital and fronting on Jackson. Madi-
son. Oak. Twelfth and Thirteenth sts.. includ-
ing "The Willows," on Oak St.. extending back
to Lake Merritt. recently under option to the
City of Oakland for park purposes; also th*
Merritt homestead.
We bave both Improved and anlin proved,
properties to offer; most desirable residene*
properties In Oakland. * —
FOR PARTICULARS CALL AND BED Trt.
. J. H. MACDONALD A CO..
10C2 Broadway.
NICE modern house.' nearly new; near Lak*
Merrltt; close to new street car extension. Just
In operation, greatly increasing value: 7 rooms-
lot 55x232: price reduced to $3000; $200 eaah.
balance like rent.
; 9 rooms: modern; lot SOxlOO, lylnr high witi
cement retaining wall; In East Oakland, near
new Key Rout* service; $3500; $300 cash, bal-
ance like rent.
Mansion in East Oakland; 14 rooms; « lots;
suitable for sanitarium or private hospital;
$GS0O; easy terms.
W. N. RUSSELL.
301 ' California St.. San Francisco. Ca!.
CHICKEN RANCH AND A GOOD ONE.
$12CO cash: monthly payments to salt; goo4
4-room cottagre. veranda around: 10 chicken-
houses, brooding-house and brooders; iO.OOiV
gal tank: water piped all over place; youn*
fruit trees: Hi acres all wire fenced: close ta
■ electric cars and boulevard connecting with
Key ronte: sandy loam soil; away from fogs
' and cold winds; a»ck of chickens go wlta
place; death the cause of selling; It's a bar-
gain: price, all told. $3750. Call or send for
circular. 455 Seventh St.. opp. Broadway sta-
tion. Oakland. Carriage free. H. Z. JONES.
Land Owner. ■:J*X-u$
BELDEN' S BARGAINS.
$2250 — New 5-room cottage on West st.. and
lot 28x140; easy terms.
$2500 — Best buy in town: nice 6-room cottag*
• right in center of the city.
> $2350— Fine business corner on Franklin st. ;
• 50x75. with Improvements: worth $3<ro.
$2373 — Handsome new cottag* and lot 30x10".
near 34th' and West sta. and Key Roate
depot: easy terms.
$1000 will buy 4-room eottag* or 18th st.-near
Center. I
BELDEN. REAL ESTATE.
' 1112 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
FOR sale, cheap: short distance from Kay
Route and Santa Fe depot, property of 4
lots. 50x100: cash: with good 3- room hou*»
with high basement: windmill and tank, sta-
bles and chicken -houses; or will exchange for
ranch or alfalfa land. Call or address S90
I Forty-fifth. st., near'Market. Oakland.
A~SNAP^Cholce lot. 110x125. SW. cor. 21st
' and Myrtle sts.; will be sold as a whole or
In subdivisions: sold to settle an estate. M53
'Myrtle St.. Oakland.
OAKLAND . PTJ ItNITUaE 7OB S ALE .
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In fural^
- ture. H. Scbelhaas. 11th it..ccr.stow.Oak!aa4
For Additional Classified Advertise.
menta See Page Fourteen.
1314
8 Ay MATEO HEAI. ESTATE^.
I-XJR BAUS^-SSO ACRBSi *AN TEDRO VAL-
LKY NEAR 1'OIN'T KAN" PEL«KO AND |
ni'AUTiri'L BKAl'I. THE OLD SAN-
OIKZ AlWBIi JlOt'^K. IS ROOMS (NOW
U«nD »S V 1IOTKLI AND STABLE FOR
10 HORSES ON THE PROPERTY. BEST
QUALITY LAND, FORMERLY USED FOR
VEGETABLES NOW A DAIRY; WELL
WATEUED: SAN PEDRO RIVER
•JHHOIGH THK GROCXDS: GROVES OF
GUil TREES; 7 MILKS FROM COLMA
S P RAILWAY STATION AND 11 FROM
CUFF HOCSB BY OCEAN SHORE: GOOI>
income patisco. rruci: 5-'i.ooo. ad-
PRESS A T. PATRU'K & CO.. 415 FRONT
FT. SAN FRANCISCO.
LOM1TA PAP.K— On line cf San Mateo electric
cars 45 rainutes from Firth and Market sts.;
<utsi<ie the foe belt and ju?t beyond where
Ia( jj p. Oo.'b bny shore "cut-ofT' will Join
the msin line; 50-foot lots from $*00 up.
terms from $10 to *50 down and balance at
i«ve of HO a month; sewer and water pipes
in front cf every lot; r-'-""e artesian well
weter; over one-ha!f lots sold eince August
1; an exceptional opportunity to secure a lot
In this desirable section; take the electric
iar* and P't off at 'U3MITA PARK" aod
Investigate; maps sent on application.
SELBY. RODGFP.S it CO..
116 California *t.: Tel. Msin C73.
SEAL SSTATE — COUITTBY — For Sale.
JMKX) — SO ACRES of land, all under cultiva-
tion, with in-.provements. In orchard section
of Sutter Ounnty; only three miles from
county ee&t and on line of new Irrigation
A temp Sf taken soon, but will not keep.
M. J. KEWKOM,
40fl Second et.. Marysvlll*, Cal.
6ALE or exchange for city property; sacrlflc*:
1ES *-cr«. Napa Co.: 60 acres in cultivation;
fruit, vims aod crain: fully equipped aaJ
paying: beautiful place; gentleman's home.
6HADBURNE. 405 Montgomery st.
ATTENTION. HOMESEEKERS!
E*ad pcstal for catalogues of the best land
barraiss 1n California. O. M. WOOSTER CO..
64S Market St. ____^____
CONTRA Corta County real estate for sale.
Send for list. D. J. WEST. Martinez. Cal.
_JC>OS 'AHGB1ES KF.Afc ESTATE.
FOR *ale — Improved business property; Arcade
depot fecticn: owner ln city. Address box
1124. Call office.
POK KOOTKEEPJKO^^
BRYANT. 121 — Two Fimny rooms, nicely fur-
nished for housekeeping; gas.
FOURTH. 491—2 rooms furnished for house-
keeping: sra« etove; no children.
GKAHT. 1225 — Fine front, sunny, bay-window
fuite; all louvmtencw; location of the best;
marine view; terms reasonable.
GEARY. li>37— Three nicely furnished house-
keeping room*. Call between 9 and 3.
GOLDEN GATE ave., ;i57 — Newly fur. sunny
rooms: hot. cold water; porcelain bath; gas.
GROVE. 32 — Unfurnished rooms for house-
keeping.
HAIGHT. 21S — Housekeeping rooms to let.
HARRISON'. 4i»T»— New house; furnished
rooms; hou.sekeerlnc rooms; hot and cold •
water; c-lectric light; bath.
HOWARD, 547. bet. 1st and 2d — Front rooms
in suites; ooal or wood cook stove.
HOWARD. P29 — Housekeeping rooms. !
HOWARD. £22 — 2 front housekeeping rooms;
rent f4 week; gas and coal Ftove.
JEFFIE, ?>Z'i— Sunny front room, pas range,
clr.k; good bed and oet; $3 125 week.
JONES. 207— Sunny front rooms, en suite and i
flnglc; light housekeeping.
KEKILWOKTH. ccr. Bush and Powell— Three- ]
room runny apartments; steam heat; cen. loe. «
KNICKERBOCKER Apartin»nts. 1340 Pin« — '
Sunr.y lurr.l>=h«d 3-room 6ultes; eteam heated. I
ilectric lighted: free baths: rates reasonable, j
LAXGTON. 212U, near 7th— 2 unfurnished !
room?; housekeeping; large sunny yard.
MAYBELLE, 2<S Grove, cor. Van Nes? — 5-un- I
r.y fur. J and 3 room suites; gas and bath. !
MINNA. If S— Front room for light housekeep- •
ing: fS month.
MINXA. TAr — Furnished rooms, complete for
housekeeping.
O'FARRELL. 78C— Sunny front housekeeping
room. ?12; gas included
- i
OTAJIREI.L. 920— Two lovely front rooms
houjtVeeplng: tun all day; basement suite,
housekeeping; ri-amjnable.
OAK. 117 — Complete for housekeeping. 33 t»
$12: ess range: hot bath: adult?
PEARL 3. corner Market — Three furnished
housekeeping rooms; $1S; no children.
BIXTEEJfTH. 342S— Housekeeping rooms, fur- '.
nishe-j; jhine. gas, bath: no children.
BTEVBXSOSC. 405— Nicely furnifheJl rooms; |
also housekeeping rooms.
TAYLOR, !>ll— Two furnished attl^ sunny •
rciotns. uas range. $It; I eunnv --room, gas .
range. $7 T>0. ;
APABTMEOTS TO LET. j
GOLDEN WE.ST Apartments. 414 Golden Gate
ave.; cp»n about December 12; unfurnished
pp8rtmonts; rooms to let.
_BOOM8 TO LET— Pnjna^aad TTnfnxa^
ATKINS, cor. Third rt. acd Park lase — New i
brick building; all sunny rocms ; hot and cold
water: electric IV'htt; only firpt-ciass houa*
In locality; rooms {1 50 we«k and up.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth St.— Rocms
25c to Jl prr nisht, $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rocms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market St. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 25c. COc, Jl, Jl 60 night:
tl 50 lo tlO week; house open all night. / '
EELMOXD House; over Owl drug store- 2 en- '
trances. 112C Market and 21 Turk— Electrio !
lights; running water . In every room; 200
rooms; 25c to 50c per night; Jl 25 to J3 week.
—^^— — —^— — — -^—^^—^_______^_ i
EDDY. 11. near Powell— Large, sunny, front
roon', also single rooms, Jl 2o week up.
riDDY. UO. Laur.Eton — Fine furnished room*-
best transient: opp. Tivoli, 5«c up per night. •
EDDY. 6(M — Nice rlr.gle room; also house-
keeping roomk to let.
ELLIS. 3101. ror. Gough— Privat- family; 3
large sunry tront rooms; rent low.
FOURTEENTH. 7O3— Sunny cingle front room
for eentleir.an.
GOLDUN GATE ave. R.-.7— Newly furnished
sucny roc^s; also sinclex to let.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 433— Furnished room to
let.
GOUGH. 1311 — Ore fura'shed funny room to
let.
CROVE. 841, Oakland— A nice furnished room
for rent.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 33c
to Jl 25 night; Jl 50 to »0 wk.; reading-room.
HOWARD. 715— Furalsried room*, single or
double: central location.
KEARNY. 41S — New management; strictly
lrt clays: ?2 .V) week up: fine transient house.
KEARNY. 41S — Nice, front, sunny rooms at
$2 50 per week; J10 per month,
LARKIN. RfU— Sunny front room, with grate
one or two persons. J7 and J8.
MARKET. 1043 (The Falaiouth)— Sunny rooms -
$2 50 to J7 week; baths; elevator.
MARKET. 1104— Sunny furnished front rocms
to let.
IIHTBOPOLITAN Hotel. 129 Third st.— 400
mngie and family rooms 35c to Jl 00 per day
Si to SS per week; the only new and modern
hotel and rooming-house In San Francisco
that has office on ground floor, hot and coll
water, electric lights, call bells, tteam heat
:n every room and gives free baths and ele-
vator s«rvice day and right to Its guests.
ill ALLItTER. 416. Hat 3— Nice sunny fur-
nished double room. FUitable 1, 2 gentlemen.
CFARRELL. 20S — Nicely furnished tunny
tront rocms: also single. $2 6u up.
1 FAKBKLL' 150— Fror.t rooms to let.
'AGK. «<!2 — Nice, all outside rooms; running
•-vater; bath; new; private family.
tJ.K, 207'i— Enall furniihed rccms to let:
r.-nt clieai>.
UX)MS FOR RENT.
Th» PacifV Coast Room Renting Agency has
<-i*r.ed office* at 2S» Post st. If you want a
room, suite cf rooms nr flst rail and see u*.
We can furnli-h you furnished or unfurnished
rooms ar>d rave you time, trouble and money.
Fn:i rtrycription. prices, etc.. phone John C5SI.
fOTAT. HOUSE. 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights;
r*>adlng-room. sn:oklng-room and ladles' par-
It r: rt»-m« per night. Me to $1 .V); week. $2
to J*>; month. JS to J30: elevator on ground
Boer; rooms with hut anO cold water: baths.
TEVRNSON. 7974 n »ar Ninth— Nicely fur-
«ithed sir-sle rooms, f 1 25 a week.
ROOMS TO LIT — Para, and TTnfnrn. .
THE LARCHMONT. 361 Sutter — New man-
agement; new b!d<. ; finely furnished, with
hot and cold water. st»-am heat and baths;
fine location and reasonable rate*.
THE ST. KATURYN. CORNER ELLIS AND
LEAVENWORTH STS.— POSITIVELY THE
SUNNIEST ROOMS IN THE CITY: NEW
SANITARY HAIK MATTRESSES. BATHS.
ELECTRC LIGHTS. TELEPHONE SERV-
ICE. HOT AND COLD WATER: EVERY
MODERN CONVENIENCE: ELEVATOR
ALL HOURS: ROOMS FROM S3 WEEK.
TURK, 123 — Clean, sunny, furnished rooms,
with or without board; $5 up.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy. nr. Market— 400
rooxnr 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric Hffhts (no ra«). running water ln every
room; t-levstor. read. -room; free bus; baggage.
WEBSTER, 1560— Sun.iy furnished room; bath.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d at., nr. Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
S.V to fl 60 niRhtly; $2 to $S week; elevator;
elec. llrhts; reading-room: free bus: baggage.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
b»en opened at 100S Market St., oppotlU
Fifth Open until 11 p. m.
BOO^ANDJBOAM^^^ w
HOTEL L'AIGLON. 601 Geary St. — Large
sunny rooms, board; suites, with board for 2,
$50 mo.; 6ingle. with board, $25 up; special
tamily rates; juit renovated. I
MASON, 615A. near Sutter— Sunny front
room; bosrd If desired.
NEWLY furnished rooms, all sunny; hot and
cold water; board If desired. 1155 Octavla.
CALIFORNIA. K07— Best rooms, table «nJ
rervlce In the city for the least money.
LARGE, aunny room, suitable for two gentle-
men; home cooking; from $20 up. 1159 Turk.
O'FARRELL. 653— Nicely fur. rms. and board:
German home cooking; phone Larkln 3S7O.
VALLEJO. 1124— Rooms with board.
BOOFTjra.
ROOFS. Fidewalks and cellar floors laid, re-
paired: low prices; work guaranteed. Chicago
Roofing Co.. F. Herrmann, m'gr. 606 I'd »t.
SEWraO^MAOnWES^AIjro^IWPLIES.
MAKE Christmas with a gift of a White: best
sewing machine on earth; prices from $10 to
$100: pay only $3 per month If you wish.
The new retail office of the White is at 915
Market «t.
ALL makez; 2d hand. $2. $5. $7. $9; new, $4. $8;
drop heads. 5 drawer, golden oak. 5 15; rented.
repaired: lowest rates. National Automstlc
6. M. CO.. 145 Sixth St.: tel. Jessie 3796.
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use: best
It cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price: til k!r>r rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office. It2l Market st. near Sixth.
ALL kinds second-band $3. $5, $8; slightly
used $10 SIS. }20: you know where the dolii
swing In the window. ]OS1 Market st.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guana- j
teed. CHAS. PLAMBECK. 1915 Ml»»lon mt.
SPECIALjriOTICES.
$100 REWARD-
WILL BE PAID FOR INFORMATION ,
LEADING TO ARREST AND CONVICTION |
OF PARTY WHO CAUSED NETS OF
UNION EHHIMI 1 COMPANY. IN CONTRA
COSTA COUNTY. TO BE DESTROYED ON
THRKE DIFFERENT OCCASIONS.
MORSK DETECTIVE SERVICE. 430 Kearny.
STOP DBINKHrO.
GUARANTEED cure; send 60c; tablet form:
mallei In slain package: has cund tbou-
►aniis. L. L. C. CO.. 417 Hayward bldg.. S.F.
PIVIPEITP NOTICES.
AMERICAN CAN CO.— A quarterly dividend
of l*i per cent has this day been declared
upon- the preferred stock of this company,
payable on January 1, 19C5, to stockholders
of "record at the close of business December
19, 1904. T£e transfer books will be closed
as to the crefcrred stock from December 20 ]
to January 1. Inclusive. Checks will be
mailed. R. H. ISMON, Secretary. Decem-
ber 5. 1904.
DIVIDEND notice — The Giant Powder Com-
rany. Con.: A dividend. No. 72, of fifty !
cnts (50c) per share on the issued capital !
ttock of the company has been declared, pay-
able at the cf flee of the company, rooms 'iff-.
204 and 206 Hayward bldg.. San Francisco,
on December 10, 1904. Transfer books close
December 3, 1904. at noon. C C. Qulnn, Sec.
IiEOAI. arOTICES.
DISSOLUTION of copartnership — LUIGI ROsl
CELLI and'jOSEPH MAKENGO have, by
mutual consent, this day dissolved copart-
nership, the said JOSEPH MARENGO hav-
ing purchased the entire interest of ssid
LL'IGI ROSCELLI ln the stock ln trade and
business heretofore owned and conducted, at
the city and county of San Francisco, by
«aid copartnership. San Francisco, Cal.,
November 25. 1904. LUIGI ROSCELLI.
ALL outstanding bills against restaurant 7:!
McAllister st.. must be presented before
December 14, 1904, aa I will sell out en that
date. GEORGE MEGICA.
O" ar.d after this date I will not be responsible
for any debts incurred by my wife. KAHIK
ACKERMAN'N. CLAUS ACKERMANN.
REGINA Restaurant, 422 Turk ft., sold; all
bills against said place must be presented
within 5 days from Dec. 3. 1904.
STTJTTERIICQ AMD STAMMEEI5Q.
EXPANSIONOF MELBOURNE SCHOOLS—
Downtown. 521 Franklin, near McAllister. 8
to 12 Open-air school. 810 Diamond St.: tel.
Capp 5173: 1 to 5 p. m. Details at either.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licensee were issued yesterday as
fellows:
.lohn U. Gipsy. 27. Salt Lake, and Juliet G.
Con well. 24, 2570 Mission street.
Herbert L. Hatch. 45. Vallejo. and Sarah R.
Colby '2*. 751 McAllister street.
Frederick W. Peterson, "2. 2S20 Baker street,
and Selma C. RosenquUt, 26, 1H17 Filbert st.
Martin V. Coburn. 2«j, 3S5 Capp etreet, and ,
Maude Forbe?. 22, KCl 1^ Mission street.
Kmllio Del Nevo, 21, 1114 Montgomery street,
and Loui.=a Del Nevo. IS, 427^ Valle.io street.
William F. Hlgglns. :«», Fresno, and Fannie
Dlcklnwni. 27. 1230 California street.
William Hughes, 3*. 58 Clara street, and
Mary A. Howgate. 2». 1«>A Ritch street.
John J. Watson. 25. 484 Castro street, and
Maude E. Locke. 23, 418 Seventh street.
Emil A. Berndt. 2B, Honolulu, and LIU
Pfeil 21, Portland. Ore.
Cezare Silvani, 21. 1C8 Gilbert street, and
Caterlna de Vlcenzl. 20. city.
Augustus F.' Medlne, 21. 117 Eddy street,
and Margaret I. Wood. 21. 437'4 Page street.
Fred R. Anclemlcr, 28. Goldfleld, Nev.. and
Isabelle B. Alguire, 22, Chicago.
Edward K. Nelson. 31. 159 Precita avenue,
and Maria Lindcren, 2!». New York.
Jacob Wenk. 3S. 20 Albion avenue, and
Grace E. Lauffer, 25. Oakland.
Wilbert JT. Moye. 28, 1124 Harrison street,
and Alice M. McGulre, 22, 493 Geary street.
Domenico Foschl, 27, 1034 Valencia street,
and Carmella R. Pisanl. 23. 632 Green street.
Jchn P. Rol!s 21. 1843 Larkln street, and
Apri s E. Young, 21. 1325 Leavenworth street.
John F. Morgan. 3S. Los Angeles, and Caro-
line Kolomoskfe, 20, Seattle.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHSL
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
ln at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once ln this column
free of charce.
BORX. 1
McSWEENEY— In this city, November 22,
1904. to the wife of Daniel McSweeney a
son.
——————
BOHRER— NEWELL— In Oakland. Cal De-
cember 6 17904. by Deputy County A lessor
W. N. \an de Mark. John E. Bohrer of
Emeryville and Laura Newell of Oakland
DOWNING— NEWELL— In Oakland Cal
November 22. 1904. by Deputy County As'-
sessor W. N. Van de Mark, Elmer F. Down-
ing and May Newell; both of Oakland
m^~l tiK P Z S~ ln th " clty ' December 0.
1004. by the Rev. Freeman D. Bovard Frank
.C. Duer of San Francisco and Carrie L.
Heyer of Kansas Citv, Mo
PINKHAM— WALSHE— In this city, Novem-
ber 0. 1004. by the Rev. Father Clancv of
St. Domlntc's Church. Frank P Pinkham
| and Mary Ellen Walshe. both of this city
j SCHUI^TZ— McG AW— December C 1904 bv
the nfev. T. R Earl. Joseph Franklin Schultz
, of San Francisco and Ethel McGaw of Kala-
■ rnazoo. Mien.
i DIED. ~~
! Anthony. Thos. B.— 60. Kelley, Jame*— •» mo*
i IJurt, Edward M.— 3. Linn. Henry— 1\
j Hush. Elbert— 5 days. Lynn. Alexander 43
Carey. Bertha— 25. | Mat hewn, W.E— 1 mo
ronrad. Mrs. L. K. MrGrath! John A — £
I Cook. Mary L.— 47 McKntee. Kathryn E.—
: cavanaugh. James — 42. n rnos
! Farnham. James— «4. McGilllctiddy Kuccne
: Fitch. Caspar— SI. Gliwn, Emma— 32
I Fisher, Mrs. M.— M>. . O'Neile, Jennie— 29
' Foley. David J.— 57. Parry. Adam M.— 69.
.Gutsch, Axel— 4L Kauigan, Maggie.
THE iSAN FRANCISCO CALL", THURSDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1904.
Hawke, ' Ora C— 11 dys Reuben. George — 88.
Hcnrioulle, Stepha- Rlckards. Wm. J.
nle— 24. Spies, Joseph — C2.
Holmes. Evelyn— 25. Tischer, Dr. Fritz— 50.
Hromada. Adolph— 58. iTorpey, Michael.
Hughes. Catherine— 70. 1 Tracey, Mrs. Julia.
Isaacson. Kitty— 31. ,Uncabablan. Mary— «3.
Jensen, Jens A.— 40. Underwood, Chas,— <e.
Johnson, Capt. A.— 56. Von Bergen, John— 80.
Jones. William B.— 32 Wertheimer, Louis— CO
Kavanagb Bessie— (i. Zam Bresfcey. P.— <1.
ANTHONY— In this city. December 5, 1004,
Thomas B. dearly beloved father of Mrs.
F. M. Byrne Louis T., Alfred J. and
Nathaniel V. Anthony and the late William
T. Anthony, a native of England, aged 60
years. .
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to nttend the funeral to-day
(Thursday). December 8, 1004. at 10 a. m..
from the parlors of Carew & English, 29 Van
Ness avenue. Interment Cypress Lawn Cem-
etery.
BURT— In this city. December 6, 1004, Ed-
ward Milton, dearly beloved son of Archi-
bald W. and Eliza Burt, and brother or
Archibald Wllron and Alice L. Burt, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 3 years 2 months
and 3 days.
BUSH— In this city, December 7. 1904, Elbert
Benger. Infant son of Alfred and Mary
Bush, a native of San Francisco, aged 5
days.
CAREY— In this city, December 5, 1004. Eer- 1
•tha. beloved wife of Cornelius J. Carey,
mother of James Cornelius Carey, daughur
of Joseph F. and the late Ida Stromberg,
and sister of Joseph F. John F.. Henry A..
Richard Elizabeth and the late Herman
Btromberg, a native of San Francisco, aged
25 years 4 months and 21 days.
IC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday,
December 0 at 9:30 a. m.. from the parlors
of McFadden, McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mis-
sion street betweeto Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul at 10 a. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. |
CAVANAUGH— In this city. December 7. 100»,
James Cavannueh. a native of Australia,
aged 42 years.
CONRAD— In this city, December 6. 1904,
Mrs. L. K. Conrad, mother of John G. Con-
rad and Dr. David Conrad.
CTThe funeral will take place from her
late residence. 2620 Clay street, to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 a. m. Interment private.
Please omit flowers.
COOK— In Oakland. Cal.. December 7, 1004,
Mary Louise, beloved wife of Joseph Cook,
mother of Mrs. Georgle Bell and John F.
Lewis, and sister of Airs. Elizabeth Rioton
and Frank Lheureux, a native of East Oak-
land, Cal., aged 47 years 10 months and 7
days.
FARNHAM— In this city. December 4. 1004.
James Gardner, beloved husband of the late
Annie R. Farnham. father of James Farn-
ham. and brother of Jerry W. and Joseph
M. Farnham. Mrs. John Corner and Mrs.
Captain Boyd. a native of Rockland, Me.,
aged 64 years. A member of Unity Lodga
No. 181.. I. O. O. F.
IC^Friendi" and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Thursday. December 8, 1004, at 1:30 p. m.,
at the mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate
Undertaklr.tr Company, 2475 Mission street,
near Twenty-first, under the auspices of
Unity Lodge No. 131. I. O. O. F. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery by electric funeral
car from corner of Eighteenth and Guerrero
streets at 2:15 p. m. :
FISHER— In this city. December 7. 1004. at
the residence of her daughter, Mrs. Ida
Hudson, 1983 Howard street, Mrs. Margaret
Fisher, beloved wife of the late Frank H.
Fisher, and mother of Mrs. Ida Hudson of
this city and -Mrs. Ella Garwood of Hanford.
a native of Wayne County, Ohio, aged 50
years and S months.
FITCH— In this city, December 7. 1004,
Caspar, beloved husband of the late Julia
Fitch, and uncle of Anna and Julia Mc-
Carty. a native of Germany, aged 81 years
8 months and 18 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend funeral services Fri-
day, December 9. 1904, at 9:15 a. m.. from
his late residence, 2858 Railroad avenue.
South San Francisco, thence to All Hallows
Church. Sixteenth avenue, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9:C0 a. m. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FOLEY— In this city. December 7, 1904, at
his residence, 14 Yerba Buena street. Davia
J.. husband of the late Catherine Foley, and
father of Mamie, Thomas and the late
Joseph D. Foley. and brother of Thomas
Foley. Mrs. F. Grothaus, Mrs. B. Nancurvis
and Mrs. T. Atkins, a native of County Cork.
Ireland, aged 57 years. A member of Unity
Lodge -No. 27, A. O. U. W.
E7"Not!ce of funeral hereafter.
GUTSCH— In this city, December 5, 1004, Axel
Gutsch, beloved son of Minna and the late
Guetav F. A. Gutsch. and brother of Gustav
Gutsch. a native of Prussia. Germany, aged
41 years 10 months and 15 days. A member
of Oak Grove Lodge No. 215, F. and A. M.:
Islam Temple. A. A. O. N. M. S. : Oakland
Consistory. A. and A. S. R.. and San Fran-
cisco Lodge No. 3, B. P. O. E.
IC7"Friendi« and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral thin day
(Thursday), at 11 a. m., from Masonic Tem-
ple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
where services will be held under the aus-
pices of Oak Grove Lodge No. 216, F. and
A. M. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
Remains at the funeral parlors of the H. F.
Maasis Company. 917 Mission street.
Members of San Francisco Lodge No. 3,
B. P. O. Elks, are notified to attend the
funeral of our late brother. Axel Gutach,
to-day, at 11 a. m.. from Masonic Temple.
By order
JOHN S. PARTRIDGE, Exalted Ruler.
HAWKE— In this city. December 7. 1004. Ora
Cecilia, infant daughter of Chas. P. and Ora
O. Hawke, a native of San /Tanclsco, aged
11 days.
HOLMES— In .this city, December 5. 1904,
at 56 Sanchez street. Evelyn, beloved wife
of Harold C. Holmes, -mother of Roberta
Evelyn. Harold C. Jr. and the late Robert
Holmes, daughter of Mrs. Charles Ottemen,
and sister of Ermy. Charles and William
Glenny. a native of San Francisco, aged 25
years 1 month and 10 clays. .
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
at 11 a. m.. from her late residence. 66 San-
chez street. Interment private. Mountain
View Cemetery, Oakland.
HENRIOULLE— In this city, December 6,
1904. at the residence of her parents. 571A
Minna street, Stephanie (Nina), dearly be~-
loved and only daughter of Gregolre and
Fellrle Hcnrioulle. a native of San Francisco,
aged 24 years.
E7"Notlce of funeral hereafter,
HROMADA— In this city. December 5. 1904;
Adolph. beloved husband of Anna Hromada.
and father of Emanuel J. Hromada. Mrs.
Stewart Carter and Mra. Luclen>A. Ganahl,
a native of Austria, aged 58 years.
C?"rhe funeral will take' place Thursday,
December 8. 1904, at 10 a. m.. from his late
residence. 1256 Masonic avenue.- thence to
Pioneer Hall, where services will be conduct-
ed at 11 a. m. under the auspices of Lincoln
Post No. 1. G. A. R. Interment Cypress
J-awn Cemetery.
HUGHES— In this city. December' 6, 1904.
Catherine, dearly beloved wife of the late
Patrick Hughes, 'and loving mother of Ber-
nard, Thomas, Patrick Jr., Joseph and
James Hughes. Mrs. William J. Bell Mrs.
Eward M. Wall and Mrs. John F. Sullivan,
a native of County Cavan. Ireland, aged 70
years. s
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday,
December 9, 1904. at 9:30 a. m.. from her
late residence, 781 Stevenson street, be-
tween Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
«oul. commencing at 10 a., m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
ISAACSON— In this city, December 6, 1004,
Kitty, beloved wife of Max Isaacson, and
sister of John Deary, a native of San Fran-
. claco. aged 31 years 11 months and 23 days.
C7Frlend9 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
December %. at 10 a. m., from her late resi-
dence. 120 Locust avenue. Interment Salem
Cemetery, via 11:30 a. m.." train from Third
and Townsend streets depot.
JENSEN— In this city. December 5. 1004. Jens
A. Jensen, a native of Denmark, axed 49
yc-ari. "A member of Golden Gate Lodge No,
40, Danish Brotherhood.
C7Friend» and acquaintances are reepect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1:30 p. m., from Alcazar
Hall, 120 O'Farrell street, where services*
will be held under the auspices. of Golden
Gate Lodge No. 49, D. B. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery, by electric funeral car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets. Remains
at the parlors of H. P. Petereen & Co.. 828
McAllister street. '
JOHNSON— Drowned at »ea, November 30,
1904, Captain Albert, beloved husband of
Augusta Johnson, and father of Albert, Rosa
and Alfred Johnson, and . stepfather of
George Johnson, a native of Halmstad.
Sweden, aced 66 years.
JONES — In Oakland, Cal., December 7. 1904,
William B., beloved son of William S. and
the late Sarah B. Jonee, and brother of Ar-
thur II. and Annie A. Jones, a native of
Chicago, nc»d 32 years.
KAVANAGH— In Berkeley, December 6, 1904,
Bessie Rose Kavanagh, daughter of J. F.
: and Nettie Kavanagh, and sister of George
C. and J. F. Kavanagh Jr.. a native of
Berkeley, aged 6 years . 1 month and (5 days.
' E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully. Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day. December 8. at 1 p. m., at the
residence. 1023 University avenue, Berkeley.
KELLKY — In this city, December 7. 1904,
James M. Kelley. beloved Infant son of Wil-
liam J. ajid Delia- Kelley. a native of: San
Francisco, aged 2 months and 22 days.
LINN— In this city. December 4, 1904, Henry
Andrew Linn, dearly beloved > husband of
James McGinn. . Henry Hansen.
JAMES McGINN & CO.. >-.
Formerly With McGinn Bros
Funeral Directors and Embalmej-s— — *
• 214 Eddy »t. Tel. East 86. t - '
F. J. Monahan. Manager. . Tel. Mission 31.
MONAHAN. O'HARA& CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND KMBALMKKS.
2U3»-23U Mission - St.. near Nineteenth,
San ' Francisco.
Mary Linn, and father of Clarence A. and
Henry A. Linn a native of Van Wert, Ohio.
Jged 41 years 1 month and 14-dajB. (Van
Wert, Ohio, oapers please copy.)
LYNN— In this city, December 7, 1004, Alex-
ander Lynn, beloved brother of Mrs. F. An-
nie Helgcsson, Charles and the late Morltz
Lynn, a native of Gottenburg, Sweden aged
41 years. A member of Court Bonlta No. 4d,
F. of A.. San Franoisco Circle No. C7. C. of
f- of A., and White Eatle Tribe No. <2,
improved Order of Red Men.
E7Friend9 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-mor-
row (Friday) at 1 p m. from the parlors
of the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking Com-
pany, ao Fifth street. Interment Cypresa
.Lawn Cemetery.
MATHEWS— In this city. December 6, 1004.
William E.. beloved son of William and An-
nie Mathew», a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 month 14 days.
McGILLICUDDY— In this city, December 6,
1004. Eugene, beloved husband of the late
Mary McGllIlcuddy and father of Margaret
McGllIicuddy. a native of County Kerry, Ire-
, land.
CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 a m.. from his late resi-
dence. 1204 Howard street, thence, to St.
. Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his soul, commencing at 0 a. m. Interment
private. In Holy Cross Cemetery.
McENTEE— In this city, December 7. 1004,
Kathryn E.. Infant daughter of P. H. and
Mamie McEntee aged 11 months and li
days.
McGRATH— In this city December 6. 1004.
Tohn A. McGrath a native of Maine, aged
52 yeans.
OLSEN— In 'this city, December 7, 1004.
Emma, beloved wife of Erland F. Olsen. and
daughter of the late Louis and Bertha
Lehman, and sister of Abe, William, Max
and Jennie Lehman, a native of New York,
aged 32 years. (New York papers please
copy.)
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday,
December 0. at 10 a. m., from the parlors
of Pcrter & White, 423 Golden Gate avenue.
Interment Salem Cemetery, via the 11:30
a. m. train from Third and Townsend streets
depot.
O'NEILE — In' Sulsun, November IS, 1004, of
diphtheria. Jennie beloved daughter of
Bridget O'Neile, sister of Rev. C. E. and
Joseph D. O'Ncile and Mrs. F. Roark, e.
native of Sulsun. Cal., aged 28 years 5
months and 10 day*
PARRY— At the Veteran*' Home, Napa
County. December 7 1004, Adam M. Parry,
beloved husband of the late Mary C. Parry,
and beloved father of Mllman, Horace. Ad-
dlson. Mrs. G. Sandy and Mra. James
"Walsh, a natl\-e. of Ohio, ared 69 years 7
months and 10 days.
RATTIGAN— In this city, December 7, 1004,
Maggie, beloved wife of Thomas J. Rattigan,
a native of Ireland.
EyRemaina nt parlor* of McFadden. Mc-
Brearty & Green, 1171 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eishth.
REUBEN— In this city December 7. 1004,
George, beloved husband of Mrs. Mary
Reuben, and father of Mrs. Francis Gage,
Mose and Josenh Reuben and the late Mrs.
R. Smith, a native of Kent, England, aged
88 years and 3 months.
ET'The funeral take* place on Friday,
December 0, at 10 a. m., from th« residence
of hie son. Joseph Reuben, ."50 Fell street,
thence by carriage to Hills of Eternity Cem-
' etery. Interment private. Please, omit
flowers. •
RICKARDS— In this city. December 6. 1804,
William J.. beloved husband of Nellie Rlck-
ards. father of Nellie C. and George W.
Rickards. and brother of George J. Rlck-
ards^ a native of San Francisco.
iJ" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 12:30 p. m.. from his l^ie
residence, 216 Elm avenue, thence lo fct.
Mary's Cathedral for services. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
Officers and members of Pioneer Council
No. 1. Y. M. I., are respectfully requested
to attend the funeral of our late brother,
William J. Rlckards. from his late residence.
216 Elm avenue, Thursday, December 8. at
12:30 p. m. Fines for non-attendance will
be strictly enforced. P. J. HAG AN. Prea.,
R. TOBIN. Sec.
SPIES— In this city, December 7. 1004, Joseph
Spies, a native of Germany, aged 62 years.
TISCHER— At Santa Cruz, Cal.. December 5.
1004, Dr. Fritz Tischer. father of Paula,
Alexander and Georg Tiacher, a native of
Saxony, aged 60 years 1 month and 1 day.
C7"Funeral sen-Ices Friday, December 0,
at 4 i>. m., at the crematory chapel of Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery. Train leaves Third
and Townsend streets at 3:30 p. m; on re-
turn, leaves cemetery at 5 p. m. Electric
cars via Mission street every fifteen minutes.
TORPEY— In this . city. December 7. 1004.
Michael, beloved husband of Margaret Tor-
pey. and loving father of Margaret, Frank-
Kate, Marie. James and William . Torpey,
and brother of Thomas Torpey, a native of
Ireland.
(Cy Friends are inviied to attend the
funeral to-morrow (Friday), 1 at 8:30 a. m.,
from his late residence. 3403A Sixteenth
street, thence to Mico'.on Dolores Church,
where a requiem high mass will, be cele-
brated for the repose of his bouI, commenc-
ing at 8 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cem-
etery, by. electric funeral car from Eight-
eenth and Guerrero streets. Kindly omit
(lowers. • . j. "
TRACEY— In this city. December 7, 1804,
Mrs. Julia Tracey, a native of Ireland.
• ICTNotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767
Mission street.
UNDERWOOD— In Monterey. December 5,
1004. Charles Underwood, husband of Cath-
erine Underwood, and father of Alexander
Underwood and Mr*. A. Brown of Monterey,
a native of New York, aged 76 years 8
months and 15 days.
ICTCremation at Odd Eellows' Cemetery,
Thursday. November 8, at 10 a. m.
UNCABABIAN— In the City and County Hos
pital. December 7, 1004, Mary Uncabablan,
a native of Turkey, aged 63 years.
VON BERGEN— In Germany. November 6,
1804, John von Bertren, formerly of San
Francisco, aired 86 years.
WERTHEIMER— In this city. December 7,
1004, Louis Wertheimer. father of Bert L.
Edwin and MarK H. Wertheimer, a native
of Germany, aged C9 years 0 months and
18 days.
IE?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday,
.December 0, at 10 a. m., from the residence
of his niece. Mrs. Albert Cerf. 754 Post
street. Cremation at Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
ZAM" BRESKY— In Haywards, December 6,
1004. Peter, beloved husbaJid of Lucy Zam
Bresky, and father of William B. f Frank
H. and the late Rosle Zam Bresky, a native
of Has*a, Poland, aged 71 years 5 months
and 7 days. 1
. £7"Frlenu!« and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday.
December 0. at 10 a. m.. from Ail Saints
Church. Haywards, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul. Interment St. Joseph's Ceme-
tery, Haywards.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
WEDNESDAY. DECEMBER 7.
George and Hannah de Urloste to Mathias
Johnson, lot on SE corner of Franklin and
Fell streets, E 50 by S 120; $10.
Emllle Jullien to Philippe Glrard. lot on N
L lne *? f «El Wy 8treet « 102 w of Steiner. W 50
by N 100; also undivided one-half of lot on
SE line of ferry street, 300 NE of Fourth, NE
**> oy oh 80; $10.
Emtle M. and Emllle M. Pissls to Henry H.
Montell. lot on 8 line "of Waller street. 140:3
W of Scott, W 30 by 8 100: $10. ■>
George Brown Estate Company to James H.
Thranc. lot on S line of Golden Gate avenue
£0:3 E of Masonic avenue, E 25 by S 100* $10
Georse Etlerlen Company to Albert C. Kel
lopg, lot on W line of Masonic avenue, 318 •O
N of Frederick street, N 25 by W 1C6:3; $7200
M. H. and Kate I. de Young: to Battista G
Tognazzl. lot on E line of Shrader street 67-6
N of Hayes. N 30 by E 110: $10.
■ Lange Investment Company to Herman N.
Lange, lot on E line of Stanyan street, 125 S
of Carl, S 25 by E 100; $10.
Edward Mulholland to John "Walton, lot on
S line of Eighteenth strest. C5 E of Lexington.
E 25 by 8 85: ?10.
Estate of Emily W. Young (by Martha' W.
Caughlan, administratrix) to Catherine Kerri
gan, lot on S line of Dorland street, Y 104 E of
Sancber. W 104, S 54:2, E 100, N to begln
nlnc: $3500.
L«cr M. F. Wanzer to Harriet H. Molse
(wife of L. H.). lot on NE corner of Hill and
Castro streets, N 70, E 105, N 38, E 50, S 114,
"W 155; $10.
. John and Edla Anderson to Abram F. Dar-.
lir;, lot on S line of Hill street, 180 E of
Cr.stro, E 25 by S 114; $10.
John Rynll to Johanna Ryall. lot on NE
comer cf Twenty-sixth and Harrison - streets.
N 31 by E 100; gift. "
Estate of Alvlnza Hayward (by William J.
Dlngee. administrator) to Fireman's Fund In
surance Company, lot on S line of California,
street. 137:<? TV of Sansome, W 57:6 by S
137:6: S285 000. , .
Phllirre Glrard to Emllle Jullien. lot on,K
line of . Taylor street,- 62:fl N of Broadway, N
75 by E 137:6 and easements: also lot on W
lin» of Prwpwt. place, 65:6 8 of Clay street,
S 27:C by W 50: $10. . .......
CharlM Ttetz to Herman and Rose Sommer.
\rt on P line of Jackson street. .137:6 W of
Mp'son.W 22:11 by S 77:«: ?10.
Covlnrton Prtn*Ie ,to Cornelia J. ' Prlnarle,
lot <- n S tin- of Turk street, 62:6 E of Hyde.
E 2.-. by R «7:6; *10.
Same tn Cornell* .t PHnaie. lnt on S line
nf Turk street 87:« T5 of.H'-d*. K Krt. S 137:6,
W 137:« N 50. K S7:6. N fi":R: *IO.
C"rn<»l!a J. T>ringle to> George K. F«*rh. . lot
on (5 line of Turk *»reet «*»:« E of Hvd».,E
-r.. S 157:0 W 137:0, N 50, E 62:6, N S7:6;
$10. • "
Harvev H. and Lillie P. D*na to Fmllv S.
Karna. lnt on NW corn»r of **"de and Geary
itrpetH. W $7:6 hv N R7:0; *10.~r •--
Ell*«beth M. Hxwk'nx ti DudVv Cnvw. - lot
«n SW line rf Tbtrd "t-eet. 112:0 NW of
Townp«nf1. NW.' 25 by ■ S W SO: *10.
California Title Insurance and Trust Com
r>an*' to Frede-'ck *fnrt Amelia Jacob»en lot
on N line of TTentv-fonrth street. 100- E of
Vermont. ■■• 13" ?K;hv .JJ.ilOO: $10. .
•Oliver B. Martin to i George K. Hooper, lot
on NE "orner of Sixteenth «venu« and t*4jce
street. E ?fi.\ N 100. W 127:«N 77:5. NW to
a ™intjnfl:3 from Lake streat. S 100:3; $10. o
■f.fafvTinil Cmintv nf Ra.n Franc.l«w» tn Mar.
garet J. Parker, lot on N line of California
street. 29 W of Eighteenth avenue. W 26, N
fi.'NE to atpoint 2U W of Eighteenth avenue.
S 10; ? /
Margaret J. Parker to David C- Lowery.
lot on N line of California street. 29 W of
Eighteenth avenue W 26 by N 120; $10.
Harold and Maud A. Glrvin to John and
Dorathea Olden, lot on SE corner of Lake
street and Twenty- sixth avenue, E 37:6 by S
10O; $10.
Hind Estate Company (corporation) to Mar
tha von Ahden (wife of John), lot on E line
of Third : avenue. 225 N of Point Lobos avenue,
N 25 by E 120; $1250.
J. W. Wright & Sons 1 Investment Company
to James Farren, lot on S line of Point Lobos
avenue. 82:6 W of Thirty-seventh avenue, W
25 by S 100: also lot on S line of Point Lobos
avenue, 86 W of Thirty-ninth avenue, W 25 by
S 100; $10.
Addle S. Ellis to William R. Kenny, lot on
E Una of Seventh avenue, 100 N of B street.
N 60 by E 120; $10. \
Same to' Charles B. Humbert, lot on E line
of Seventh avenue, 150 N of B street. N 25 by
E 120; $10.
Charles N. and Bertha A. Nelson to Aure
lius E. Buckingham, lot on W line of Tenth
avenue, 125 N of I street. N 25 by W 120; $10.
Albert M. and Elizabeth A. Whittle. to Julia
A. McLeod, lot on E line of Sixth avenue. 75
N of HuROt street, N 25 by E 95; $10.
Jacob Heyman Company to Josei... nerzor.
lot on E line of Forty- seventh avenue, 100 N
of K street, N 50 by E 120; $10.
Edward J. and Jessie L. Clark to Herbert
Choynskl. lot on W line of Tenth avenue. 225
5 of L street. S 25 by W 120; $10.
James T. Henry to Dorothea M. Klumpke.
lot 4. block 26, West End map 1 : $10.
Dorothea M. Klumpke to Giambatista B.
Capurro, lot on SE line of Delaware avenue,
433 NE of Onondaga, NE 80 by SE 237, lot 4,
block 26, West End map 1; $10.
Julius C. Reis to John Fondere, lot 21. block
4, Re!a Tract; erant.
Charles and Emma Wessel to J. W. Wright
6 Sons Investment Company, lot on NW line
of Paris street, 225 SW of Persia, SW 25 by
NW 100, block 11. Excelsior Homestead: also
lot on S line of Broad street. 220 E of Capitol,
E 25 by S 125, lot 10, block G, Railroad Home
stead 2: $10.
F. M. Thai to same, lot on S line of Broad
street. 220 E of Capitol. E 25 by S 125. lot 10.
block G, Railroad Homestead 2, quitclaim
deed; J10.
J. W. Wright & Sons Investment Company
to W. H. Reynolds. . lot on S line of Broad
street. 220 E of Capitol. E 25 by S 125, lot 10.
block G. , Railroad . Homestead 2; $10.
Estate of Thomas King (by John Farnham.
administrator) to Annie Rhine, lot on SW line
of San Bruno, 25 NW of Wayland. NW 25 by
SW 80. block 5. University Homestead; also
lot on SW line of San Bruno. 60 NW of Way
land, NW 25 by'SW 80, block 6, same; $450.
Annie Rhine to Jacob Heyman Company, lot
on SW line of San Bruno, 25 NW of Wayland.
NW CO by SW 80. lot 4, block 6, same; also
lots 1 to 3. block 5 same; $10.
Julius C. sRels to William and Annie Rob
erts, lot 16, block 3, Reis Tract; grant.
Builders' Contracts.
Anna Gardes (owner) with George Meuser
(contractor), architect — All work for a
two-story frame building (flats) on the K line
of Tenth avenue, 135 S of I street, S 25 by E
120. O. L. CS1; $4802.
James Foley (owner) with Voigt & Glee-
Bon (contractors), architect — All work for
a one-story frame building (store, etc.) on lot
commencing at point; 120 feet W from NW
corner of Fulton street and Sixth avenue, N
97:8U. W 27:0. S 100:0^. E 27:6* 8 : $2750.
Walter Mohns (owner) with L. T. Fenn (ton
tractor). architect — All work for a five
room frame cottage on E line of Forty-seventh,
avenue. 100 S of J street. S 25 by E C5; SIOCO.
Associated Property Owners of San Fran
cisco (owners) with Bryan Elevator Company
(contractors), architects Henry H. Meyers and
Clarence R. Ward— All work for one electric
freight elevator for a four-story and basement
building on N line of. Natoma street. 57 E of
New Montgomery, N 81 by E 20; $1150.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Fifteen.
4000 Cal Standard (s 30) 10
2200 Home 45
Afternoon Session.
Board —
200 Monarch 30
600 Independence 33
1000 Piedmont ' 07
Minins Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session — Comstocks.
400 Belcher 24| 700 Potosl 17 !
200 Caledonta .... 4t5| 500 Scorpion C8
100 Hale & Norc.l 101 700 Sierra Nev.... 51
200 Mexican 1 251 100 Silver Hill.... 61
300 Overman 10[ .
Afternoon Session — Comstootcs. i
100 Andes 23| 2C0 Ophlr 2 S5
100 Belcher 23| 200 Ophlr ...2 00
300 Belcher 2*1 600 Potosl 16
200 Caledonia .... 44 1 400 Savage 23!
300 Chollar 141 200 Sierra Nev 4S !
300 Chollar 131 300 Union Con 61]
500 Con Cal & V.I 801 300 Union Con.... 60
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Kid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha 09 lllJulla OS 09
Alta 05 f)7JJustlee 10 12'
Andes 2-1 24iKentuck 02 04
Belcher 23 24! Lady Wash .. 02 01
Best & Belch.l 05 1 lOIMexican 1 20 1 25
Bullion 21 23IOccldental ... ,78 00;
Caledonia .... 4.1 44|OphIr 2 85 2 00 1
Challenge ... 13 15|Overman 00 10 1
Chollar 13 14|Potosl 16 17
Confidence ... 85 00 Scorpion 07 00
Con Cal & V.I 80 1 K>\ Savage 23 24
Con Imperial. 01 C2!Seg Belcher... 05 06'
Con NY 02 OilSierra Nev.... 47 48 1
Crown Point.. 10 17|Sllver Hill 62 e3 !
Eureka Con.. — SiVSt. Louis — 07 1
Exchequer ... 42 43. Syndicate 00 11 j
E. Sierra Nev Kl O5|Unlon Con ... 60 61;
Gould & Cur. 23 2MUtah 07 09 j
Hale & Norc.l 05 1 lOiYellow Jacket. 16 17 •
TONOPAH AND GOLDFIELD STOCIC3.
Morning Session.
10O Jumbo 50] 00ft Ray & O'Brien 07
100 Mont Ton.. 1 67^11000 Silver Pick ..' IS i
500 Orig Bullfros. 15! 1300 Ton Midway.. 36 1
1000 Paymaster .. 0l| 100 Ton of Nev..O 75 I
Afternoon Session. .
100 Bullfroir Mln. 54| .".00 Ray & CBrlen 07\
100 Cent Eureka. 1 70| 250 Rescue 06
500 Columbia ?QI20C0 Sandstorm ... 25
100 Jumbo BS 1. 200 Ton Belmont.. 78 i
idhO Jumbo Ex .. ?2i 30O Ton Belmont. .- 7f» J
1000 Jumbo Ex .. 201 mo Ton Gold Mt. 16 j
1OOO MacNamara . 231 400 T On Midway.. 36 i
200 Mont Ton ...1 70;1000 Ton N Star... 2H
WO OriK Bullfrog 1ST r,00 Ton N Star... 21 :
500 Paymaster .. 041 1C0 Ton of Nev..0 75j
. CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bld.Ask.l . Bld.Ask.
Ton of Nev..O W) 0 75iTon Gold Mt. 15 17;
Mont Ton ...1 65 1 70|Rescue 05 06;
Ton Exten ..2 10 — ITon & Cal.... — 16'
MacNamara . 22 21! Ray & O'Brien _ 07 |
Ton Midway.. .15 .17|Paymaster ... 03 04 1
Ton Belmont.. SO R3I Little" Ton .. .15 — j
Ton N Star... 23 21|Esperanza .... 01 02'
CTon Ohio .... — 25IGold Anchor.. 15 10.
West End ...13 15!N Y Ton Con. — 12'
Goldfleld. • i|
Sandstorm ... 25 27|Kendall — 23 j
Red Top .... 1" lOlBlack Butte.. 2X< — |
Goldfleld Mhk 17 20IBooth — 13
Columbia .... 20 — I Blue Bull .... 15. —
Diamondfleld. 25 — t Adams 10 —
Jumbo *7 BO Silver Pick .. — 18
Jumbo Ex .. 20 22jOrier Bullfrog. 13 15
Vernal Mln .. 10 — iBullfrog Mln.. 54 —
Goldfleld 61 . 041
i ','..■; TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following . were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
BOO Blue Bull ... 2511000 Ton Midway.. 351
600 Mont Ton ...1 70| 100 Ton of Nev. ..0 75 1
1000 Red Top .... 10J1000 Ton N Star... 23
Afternoon Session. j
1C0O Black Ants .. 05I15C0 Paymaster ... 01
1000 Black Ants .. 04I40CO Red Top ....; 1!>
1000 Blue Bull ... 2511000 Rescue ....... 07
1500 Bullfrog Mln. RBI BOO Sandstorm- ... 30 '
2000 Dixie Mln ... 20 1000 Ton Midway.. 3fl |
200 Goldfleld Mln. 01 200 Ton of Nev.. .8 7.1'
3000 MacNamara . 21 1000 Ton N Star. . . 21 1
1000 Mont Ton..l 72Wr100O Ton N Star... 2*
1000 N Y Ton Con 12M00O Vernal Mln .. .'10
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. j
Bid.Ask.l Bld.Ask. !
Adams i "> — jMlzpah Ex .. 12 —I
Black Butte.. — 2VVont Ton ...165 175
Blue: Bull ... — 2olNev Ooldfl»ld. 10 —
Bullf,-ox Mln. B5- — IN Y Ton Con. — ,12]
Columbia. 20 —I Paymaster ... 03- 0.Y
Esperanzp .... — . 021 Ray Exten .. — lo i
Free Gold M. 15 | — "av * O'Brien 04 lo i
Gold Anchor. — 2O|Red Top is 20
Goldfleld B Bl — 12!Rescue 00 *07
Goldfleld M'n. «> — lOothwell G M. . — ■' 50
rJoirl field Mhk — ?«i Sandstorm ... 21 — j
Gldfid Red L. — r»,' : outh W M. . . P0 1 f0 !
GoldfleUl.P Pk — "Ton Belmont.. 76 7ft!
n~' -.--•- Ton. — 11 ITon Cash Boy. — ]•>
Gold Mt Con. — : O^lTon Exten.. 2 07 H —
Wazel Kirk ..." — " 12|Ton * Gt W. — f«
Jim Butler'.. M ,W| T on Wrt Mt. 10 17
Jumbo ....... 57 flm Ton Midway.. 35 —
Jumbo Ex ... 1<» l^lTon of Nev... —8 75
Little Ton. . . . 3S —ITon X Star... 23 ?K
l/jckv T — '..01 m West End ... _ »0
MacNamara . 21 j 21! |
California Postal Changes'.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 7.— The post
office at Hackamore, "Madera County,
is discontinued; the mail Rolng . to
Lookout. Nine additional city letter
carriers are authorized. 1 beginning, De
cfcmber 12, at Los Angeles, and one
to Fresno,- beginning December 15.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.— Oakland. Dee. 7.—
The. following marriage licenses were issued
by thei County Clerk to-day: 'Joseph ' Dutra.
over 21. and Lizzie Mndrious, over is, both of
Oakland ;■ Robert R. McFarland, 30. ' Lawrence,'
Kans..- and Cora Sessions, 26. Berkeley: Wil
liam Mi - -Wootton, . ■= over 21, and Jessie' B.
Btroud. over IS. both of Sao Francisco. .
SRESOVICH COMPANY ASKS
FOR EXTENSION OP TIME
Wholesale Fruit I>ealers Are Tempo
rarily Embarrassed by Failure
- i of the Apple Crop.
The firm of L.. G. Sresovich Com
pany, commission merchants and
wholesale fruit dealers at 521 San
some street, owes over $20,000 to
creditors throughout the State and an
effort is being made to secure an ex
tension of time in which to meet ob
ligations. A meeting of the creditors
was called Tuesday afternoon, but
nothing definite was accomplished,
the matter being taken under consid
eration. The debt is said to have been
caused by the failure of last year's ap
ple crop.
J. N. Sresovich, secretary of the
company, made this statement yester
day: "We owe $20,000 and we-flnd
that we are unable to pay the debt at
the present time. ' Instead of going
into bankruptcy we would rather ask
for a little time to pay off our cred
itors, dollar for dollar. v For this pur
pose we called the meeting and in a
day or so we will know just what
course Is to be pursued.
"Another thing that contributed to
our misfortune was the fact that our
entire shipment of apples to Austra
lia was cast overboard, it being
claimed that the fruit was affected
either with scale or worm. Now we
have our contracts to meet, but have
received nothing from the products.
If our creditors consent we will set
tle everything inside of a few months
and the firm will continue as before.
Carmen's Union Elects Officers.
The Carmen's Union has elected the
following as its officers for the en
suing term of six months:
President. R. Cornelius; vice president. R.
Whitney; secretary treasurer. S. H. Shallen
berger; warden-. J. S. Snelling; sentinel. James
Rowe; conductor. J. C. Ayres; delegates to
Labor Council. R, Cornelius. W. W. Briare
W. J Davidson. W. H. Ewlng. B. Halllman!
P. Johnson. V,. T. Tldwell. J. J. O'Brien and
T. W. Taylor; delegates to California Federa
tion of Labor, W. B. Bell, W. H. Bartln. R.
Cornollus, Harry Knox, N. O. Shallenberger
and F. R. Whitney; directors for Hospital As
sociation. William H. :Ewing and George Lane;
executive board. Butro street. William Lef
flnirwell: Polk and Larkln streets. F. A. Bar
well and J. Lopp; Sutro street,- G. B. Dremer
and H. L. Porter; Powell and Jackson streets.
Robert Lower and C. H. Clair; Sacramento
street. Harry Mote; Union street. James
Shields; California and Hyde streets. C. M.
Woolcy and John Mill ward; Geary street, J.
W. Joy; Oak and Brodertck streets. T. Mur
ray and J. H. Suday; Flllmore street, J. Mor
ris and J. C Rector; McAllister street W. G.
Tldwell: Hayes street. W. H. Buckly; Halght
street. F. H. Collins; Twsnty-fourth and Utah
streets. William H. Ewlng and J. McCarthy;
San Mateo. W. B. Bell and William McMann;
Mission street, C. Heck and George W. Lane;
Valencia, street. L. Peterson; Kentucky street,
Sam Qulnn and P. Slattery; Castro street. S.
B. Jacques.
The Labor Bureau Association elect
ed the following officers for the ensu
ing term: Recording secretary, "W. J.
Kidd; financial secretary, C. L. Apper
son; treasurer, O. M. V. Roberts; di
rectors. E. O. Brundage. Frank Strad
ling, A. Benedict and W- H. Hutchin
son.
Butchers' Union delegates chosen for
the State Federation Convention: C.
E. Schmidt, Fred Zimmerman, Al
.Friedman, Herman May and John La
grave.
Business Agent Eugene Clancy of the
Housesmlths' Bridge and Iron Struct
ural Workers' Union left here this
morning for Chicago to attend a meet
ing of the executive council of his or
ganization. •
DRIVER HURT. ONE HORSE KILLED.—
Oakland, Dec. 7. — A team owned by the Penn
Oil Company was struck by an electric car
at Grove and Fifty-seventh streets this after
noon. Patrick J. O'Keefe, the driver, being
thrown off under his horses' feet. O'Keefe
was treated at the Receiving Hospital by Dr.
C. E. CurdtB for a badly sprained back. The
horses ran away. One of them ran Into an
electric car and «u killed. O'Keefe lives at
1413 Eighth street. West Berkeley* ' -'■
S IT A.TEMEISTTS
OF THE CONDITION AND AFFAIRS OF THE
SPRINGFIELD FIRE and NATIONAL FIRE
MARINE INSURANCE COMPANY
IUCIIDAUOC PHMDAMY O r HARTFORI >. I? * the state or co?f«
INoUnAliUt UUmrAnl on the 31st day of December.
A. D. 1903. and for the year ending on that
rioner of the State of California, pursuant to Political Code, condensed aa per blank fur-
the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the nlshed by the Commissioner.
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur- CAPITAL,
nished by the Commls^ione^ Am<mat
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up» ln c *« h $1.000,000 00
ln Cash $2.000.000 00 .
ASSETS. ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company 1227.000 00 Real Estate owned by Company... $334,853 22
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.... 554,500 00 Loans on Bond* and Mortgages. . 817,715 CO
Cash Market Value of all Stocks Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company... 4.536.144 00 and Bond owned by Company.. 4 7S3.22S firt
A^ZUs.^ !1 krand ed ot b h y er Pl m d a 1 r! Ca»* «n Company. Offlce X
ketable securities as collateral.. 14,875 00 Cash In Banks 333,373
Cash in Company's Office 2.048 20 Premiums In due Course of Collec-
Caah in Banks S91.514 08 tion , ,.. *. 371 726 04
Interest due and accrued on all ..„„._ -. ;; ■ '
Stocks and Loans 33.866 87 Total Assets $0.464 304 04
Interest due and accrued on Bonds ;
and Mortgages •••••• 13 ." 40 ° LIABILITIES.
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 635,242 22 Losses adjusted and unpaid $81,824 TI
Rents due and accrued 510 59 Losses in process of Adjustment
Total Assets $6.409,45059 j,^^S^MtoVng '*£££. M
LIABILITIES. OrO8S Premiums on Fire Risks run-
Lowes adjusted and unpaid $70,923 84 n ' n « T on « , * w «" le *». $2,931.-
Losses In process cf Adjustment or »1» 67; reinsurance 50 per cent.. 1.463.909 Tt
in Suspense. 124,093 91 Gross premiums on Fire Risk* run-
Losses resisted. Including expenses 28,436 43 n i n jj mon tnan one year> $3,293 .
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- g. . M2 73; reimurance pro raU. . ; .'. l,ess «3* 0.1
8s"V "ASn^^S: 1.169.043 63 Srec!a, reserve «SX 2
G ;Tn S g P m e ort m aVon^ar$ k |.473?: Total Liabilities _ j^W £
274 21 : reinsurance pro rata 1.260.414 40 v ■ ■ ===
Commissions and Brokerage due . . - • ( INCOME.
and to become due 127,048 44 ■•'%,*- ,. , • -•*
I Net . cash actually received for
Total Liabilities $2,783.960 65 Fire premiums $3.»7»,101 41
===== Received for Interest on Bonds and 1
INCOME. .;:. Mortgages » 823 lft
Net cash actually received for Fire m . tt . M Received for Interest and dlrldsnds
RSeSTor inter^ on-Bond^ds 13 - 205 ' 18102 « Bon*, Stocks. Loan, and
Mortgages... 27.741 B3 from all other sources. 2O4.247 23
Received for Interest and dividends Received for Rents 13 273 21
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and '
from all other sources 177,663 31 Total Income $4,231,247 04
Received for Rents 5.85173 j. _
. EXPENDITURES.
Total Income ' <3 ' 41M1779 Net amount paid for Kir. Losses
EXPENDITURES. (Including; $279,725 22. losses of
Net amount paid for Fire Losses previous years) $2.020 273 15
(Including K69.426 72. losses of Dividends to Stockholders .* 120 000 0a
Di^rtrsY^oid^::::::::::' 1 '^:^^ *g££r* t0T « 753 '^ ;-
SS!£a5S?^^?^S!! a*.*^ .p^orT.u; r ;eV;F«;-.nd-^;; 753 - 33918
*Pald for Salaries. Fees and other charges for officers, clerks, etc. . 299 883 73
- charges for officers', clerks, etc.. 143,410 67 Paid for State, National and Local
Paid for State. National and Local taxes 139 186 5S
taxes - 123.16259 AU other payments and expendl-
A V,ffr..?^^..????f?: S04,134«3 ««- v !ff.. 289,052 89
Total Expenditures $2.938.792 94 Total Expenditures ....$3.621.739 M
Losses Incurred during the year. ..$1.551.200 84 Lo«»*» incurred dnrlar the y»ar..$2.063.'i*g 93
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums. Risks and Premiums. Ttr* Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks . Net amount of Risks ~~ ~~~~~ —
written during the wrttten during the
year $361,066,862 $4,424,986 76 year $4M,812,«53 $3.763 952 3*
Net amount of Risks • Net amount or Risks '
expired during the expired during the
year 316,273.651 3.873.512 69 year 493.099.T9© 8.23X.431 20
Net amount In force! 'Net amount In force -
December 31. 1903.. I 415. 623,844 I 4.751.36147 December 31. 10C3. 570.485.4*3 6.22T.T72 30
A. W. DAMON. President. JAMES NICHOLS. President.
"W. J. MACKAT. Secretary. _ B - R - STILLMAN. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 25th t.ffc 5 # T and " worn to before me. this
day of January. 1904. Uth da y? f January. 1WH.
PERCY S. GATES. Notary Public FRED B. SEYMOUR. Notary Public
_.. .. 1. .1 1 '
LOUIS L. JANES CO. AHr.t=. CIT^ A « ENCY:
HAYWARD BUILDING AHPEL & BRUCKMAN
CITY (SAN FRARCISCO) ASEJiTS. 2!5 Sansome Street.
PACIFIC »E FASTMSBT:
ROOMS 306-310 EAYWABD TTUDISO
~* ""* GEO. D. DORINiiNr^y\anag©r :
oeo. w. uowrar, Ant. xa&wr. no. o/soumr, 24 A..t. acuar^
REJECTS BIDS FOR THE
PAVING OV H STREET
Board or Works JHvtst Ask for New
Estimates, a* Portion of Work
• Is Already Bone.
The Board of Works yesterday re
jected the bids of the Barber Asphalt'
Company and the City Improvement
Company for the paving of H street,
from Seventh to Twentieth avenues'
It was explained that the award of
contract would be illegal, because tha
City Engineer had not been asked .for
new estimates for the improvement in
view of the fact that about $3000* of
the work had already been done by
the F. M. Yorke Company under its
contract, which was rescinded because
the Supervisors had not granted for
mal authority for the work.
Several contractors explained to the
board that the reason for long delays
in doing street work was due to their
not being able to secure the curbin"
They were instructed not to tear up
streets until the curbing is on the
ground.
The board ordered fences projecting
on the sidewalk line of Buena Vista
avenue to be removed, but decided to
allow projecting steps to remain.
BOXDS REPORTED LOST
ARE NOT IX EXISTENCE
Police Quiet the Tale That North
Shore Securities Are Among
the Mlsslnar.
The reported loss of $10,000 worth
of bonds of the North Shore Railway
has failed to Impress the officials of
the corporation named. After an In
vestigation the police have determined
that not only is the story of the loss to
be questioned, but the existence of the
bends referred to is doubted. The re
sult of the investigation of the police
is best told in the report of Detective
R. J. "Whitaker to Captain of Detec
tives Burnett. > It is as follows:
As requested by you, I called on and Inter
viewed Mrs. McMullen. at 1104 Poat street.
relative to the article published In ths Ex
aminer of this date about her son, George Mc-
Mullen. losing 110,000 worth, of North Shor*
Railway bonds.
Mrs. McMullen stated to me that her son
has not been in New York In eight years; that
he never owned any bonds, stocks or securities
of any description, she having supported him
all his lifetime.
To Force Sale of Land.
On February 19, 1902. the Stauffer
Chemical Company leased half a block
of land at San Bruno avenue and Fif
teenth street from Susanna Lowe and
in the agreement It was provided that
the company should have the privi
lege of buying the property in the
third year . of the lease upon giving
thirty days' notice. Since taking pos
session of the lot a factory for the
making of chemicals and acids has
been built at a cost of (9000 and on
October 7 the firm notified the owner
of its desire to buy. They could not
agree on a price and B. P. Oliver and
P. H. Kenny were selected as arbitra
tors. but> they too failed to agree, nor
could they agree upon a third arbi
trator. Oliver wanted the man chosen
from one of nine leading real estate
firms and Kenny named four persona,
who are said to be relatives or friends
of the Loweg. Yesterday the chemical
company began an action in the Su
perior Court against Mrs. Lowe and
her husband. E. Louis Lowe, to com
pel them to sell the property at a rea
sonable figure. The company is will
ing to pay $20,000 for the land or such
sum as the court may deem just- In
the meantime it demands $5000 for at
torneys' fees and the costs of the suit.
ROME. Dec. 7. — The condition of General
Rlcclott! Garabaldi is Improved and his phy
sicians now have hopes of his recovery.COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
A czv r ork stocks break from i to 8> points. Cotton higher.
Local Stocks and Bonds quiet, zt-ith narrow variations.
Silver unchanged. Exchange still iccak.
Merchants' Exchange issues its semi-annual stock statement.
Wlicat and Barley quiet, svith Wheat Futures lower.
Gcvervmcit to advertise fcr Oats and Hay for the army.
Dry Beans pretty zccll cleaned out of first hands.
Cheap Potatoes still glut the market. Onions firm.
Poultry and Game markets irell supplied and zceak.
Apples and Oranges still in large supply. s^
Butter and Eggs steady. Cheese easy.
Precisions quiet and unchanged . Meat market f.nn.
Intc-rn-tjonai Banking Con>«rat'on.
■ Tbi« iiar-k ha? b-e*n d^or.irnated by Presi
dent llootevclt as :.t _: ag*iu <.r tha L'nlieJ
ir:ate* ::-. ;he rep_b_c cf Ptr.»n_..
Intorna! Kcvcnuc Collcctioiisi
• Tb* collect !cns of laternal revenue ir. the
fan Frar.r;«r:::> district la Novetr.t>*r, l'A>4.
"»er« _c fv.llc»«:
Lists $1.^42 s0
Beer .0. V3i «*)
Oraia ei>irtt« ».»_» W
Fruit spirits 4S.SS<4 45
Export* 17+0
<"?sar« «n1 rtr«re:te» _i._:7 7tt
SauS 13 41
Tirfrwnt 1.742 14
Special taxes 5,C«8 I»i
I'layi^r cards 40 W
. Total I240.6H7 «.«
• Tb* conectione 5an month thowtd a gain
<*f iXSLCM over .Vcveailjrr. 1»>,3. in U-.at muath
the cciiec_or.i were S:_t),V27.
The Break In \VaU Street.
7_a L.-_.-. a .\c« mrk liucis j"tsttnl_>' is
\mrtmxBij- kccv.ur.;»-U :>.r by wall ,»t.rtr«ft au
licritit*. & rr.' cumins t— *t Lavrton's attack
• ■- Ooppcr tad \ery little to do with K. waile
utten attribute it cic!u«i\e!v : . him. as will
I* * <: by the t-'j following views as wired
ij _- t~. Uuttcn _ Co. ci t&is city:
BZOCK— — llic :■•..:«,..•. L-unditlon oi the
■tack rcarket tc-aa> was almost eemi-p_nlcky
tM ceruu.i issues, «'cpp»-r X»fine the feature.
1 la absolutely un—cooumed :.>r in Wall
r-.retri. I'bat the heavy decline through th*
l_t ».- -»-.■-•.••: by certain large interesis
'■— •■:* -* r. > <i-*>-iion. In xact. tnere Is not a
doad m the n:_.ncial business herizen. and in
:trt tt«f ccntrarj-. The wonderfully prosper
ous cc tlOD- in every branch of Industry bids
•ftir to excel all previous records. Thla is not
_ bearish arcument on securities, however. It
it i>e*iii\e tnct even w.th the*< good features
tometfcinfc h6p;>"-ned to cause the larger bank
ir.g '.r.tcrest i_ certain grour* ol stocks to sell
be*v_jr oi thes« lines. This factor precipi
tated the heavy break to-day. Tne decline of
r.:r..r ;>.:r.t« in Copper can be attribute-1 solely
W -■:.:'. Oil ma_ipuiation and not to a
!»rse lio**t,-n operstcr. These people and their
fnetid* »vre loaded heartly with sugar, which
L-rvke over «*vea ;Kji_ts, and this wu suffi
cient to uncover the long lire of stop orders In
industrial and reiiway lines by comruisEioa
iu i_-et. Tbert was absolutely no ruj-port seen
«-xce_t in a lew rpecialtie* and the Morgan
rccurUics. Coaler« hell fairly and were well
V.ugst. as well a» the \>ry few j^eoyle
:n U'ail street know tfce vaJue of Copper. If
a=j-. or what Mr. Ro_ert= proposed to have it
ax in tbe future, but we do know that on
any further decline in railroad nocks this is
taatrlpJ will be cheap and sell very much high
1 i the cccilrg year.
The :::arket ciored weak, thoiich fractionally
r.l_her tta— tlie low price. Lawson's attitude
t n Copper, coupled with uneasiness, caused by
the Prifident'* message that Interstate Com
merce ( Cocimissica regulate freight ratea.
< iueed the gen'-ral selling. At times the mar
ket »u violently loner, aad 03 spasmodic ral
lies :-or. ■• . .:. w orders would carry it back to
rew iow r*cjrl«. Confltlence had been shaken
for a time., which will probably i.tk' fcr form
>_lting and >>ssi*);j- a elow market for t_e
tim« bo«R*;.
COTTON" — The majority of traders are now
very btankh and ai-t to oversell the market in
tr«:!r anxiety to discount further the bearish
iaSuencM of the Government gige_Uc crop es
timate and the belief that Southern holder*
«'ill aot be able to keep prices there from fall
ing to the 7-c*nt basis. This will give ua fre
■•-••--. rallies such sj> we have witnessed the
lt*t few days, but with the bullish' spirit of
the trade broker, and the cloth and yarn mar
kets now in a demoralized state there Is little
f> bull the market en except for email quick
turn* until the attitude of the spinning in
terest* become ir.ore apparent as ruggested !n
cjr letter oT yesterday.
Price »s_:r.ete* tie crop at 13.600.0U0 b—lea
r.nd was rtpcrted sElling yesterday.
EASTEItX >L\RKEH^
New _ork Money Market.
NEW YORK. Dec 7. — Close: Money •-.n
rz'.\. strr.ng at ZQt 4 p»r cent; closing bid. 3; '
ofTered at X 4 per cent.
Time Jean*, easy; sixty days, ninety day*
»nl eix mesth*. 3% ®4 per cent.
Prime mercantile paper. 4«4%.
Sterling exchange Meady. »-ith actual busi
ness in barkers' bills at $4.563534.8640 for
oercand and at $4.K3Sy©-4.S3S5 for sixty daya
Pasted rstej. S4. SI 4, and $4.«74.
CammercUl b:2!«, $4.S34Q'4.S3H.
Bar Filver. . r «»Sc.
Mtxican dellars. 4Sc.
Go\-err.mtr.t bonds, rteady; railroad bond*,
weak.
New York Stock Market.
NEW TORK, Dec 7.— To-day's violent
slump in the stock market casie upon the
cssguine speculative element like a bolt from
the bine eky. The fact that runaway bull 1
rsarkets always overrun themselves ntver
:■*..» to lessen the surprise of the rpeculators
when the airy fabric crumbles. The fabric
cfuid not. of course, be blown up to Its dla
: • tr. ■ ■_• 'T.«-nn -r.» If there were not en
thurlaetic buyers who continue to buy all
stocks offering and to bid up prices In un
bounded confidence that the npm_rd court*
will never b t ict«TUi>ted. Neither would it
be interrupted If »r>e*^i!ators were ab> to go
c-a buying indefinitely. But when t_e time
cosies that distrust obtains an entrance to
tbeir consriousr*** and they attempt to sell
their holdings it develops that the buoyant
ri*e has heen due to their cwn buying and
is nothioe left to rnttain prices when
that cease*. Thai Is probably the true ex
planation of the clump to-<_y which took
on fairly panicky proportions at times. But
the crusr.bllBg of price* led to the usual in
dustrious ■♦-orts to —wlgn a cause in some
new development In afTairs that might b* an
:iidex of a <S*clin<» in the prosperous condition*
Ol buflne_i and :r.ius;ry. There was _■> such
r.ews iorthcominx. There was a ri»« In the
r«J! ican rate late in the <iay to the hijThoct
of th e seascn. but this »-• r.< J to be as much
an »-rreci as a cau-»e from tne fall la prices.
It was rot le_med that then* had been any
railing of loans or restriction of credits toi
t-reeipltate the break, but the expectation of
furtiier g!>ld eagagements for export was con
firmed and there were remittances through ths
•Kb-treasury of a million dollars to Eaa Fran
c'.sao and iJO.v<0 to New Orleans. The draw
l_g of th* purs* string* and the increased
exaction rejrardinx collateral has toppled over
~ur» than tae bull m«rket in the full tid*
of fts adraace. bat there have been no pre
23OB story ertcwomi in the present market
of money Mrtrfcency. Much —tore attentioe
was paid to thr firing rumors of tbe attitude
to»-srd th* ts&rket e.tt\3iae<i by tb« Important
S_t_cjal powers. The sharp losses which were
rySered gar* spirit to some of the assertions
that cc_ihft_tk_» had r-en formed to raid
the rr. _-..►■ _n<J i_at S3m« oT the advertised
attacks or. »r»clal rr-p»rtleit of tbe last few
<lay» re_.ly represented _ J«>ep laid plot which
hmd the b_«-kin_ of rre«t capitalists. The
'*er m_r.a«r in wlilrh Amaicatnated Ccpr-e
imccas-.bed to excessive attack* wu tbe
fTound frx tbe*e tMJMtlon*. Much lmporUn<e
was •.:■.:.:-.■* by tbe hurt (peculators to a
t'-nttt and a ctsr.fereTire 5 f rs'.lroad rapt_ir_
r-rlch t&ck plsc- here !ttt r.'jrht and which
they «»«»— < aScr-xI »!arxr.ic_ ccnduslon*
J!_"" t ry-EIri 1 "^ 1 ros th * "'iroads affect*U
br the Pre«4!lcrfs recsRaierdatlan to allcw
the Intrrsts'.- Ccmmerce Contmlrstcs power
U» fix frricht rate.. The tumble in Amtln
mated arr*r ". from 77:4 at the clorlng
U«t n<_fct tn CS% near the clo*« to-day The
. :->. :r.r «j wesk and net far from the lower*
ender t.ht _=«-J*=^ or renewed break, in
Amalgarrated Cr^per a=fi £ugsr. The few
rx4ats of «tr*gth in the tnorr.inx ite»i!on were
ruei-t ir_o jfie dswx-ard tut i-«-sie:nt
Dcn<!* >1#Uied In «yr-:;_ifcy «rj_, ,-ocV.
Tctal sale*. 1 rer value. #7._H».C00.
U&'.tod State* bonds »ert «nchaa g*4 rn call.
Xrw York Stock ILst.
E. K. Kuttcn ft O».. 4*> California rtreet.
Ban Frar.clsco. members of tbe New York
Stodc Ezcb-Dce. furnlab the foilowing ofH'-ial
;u9tatlot>« ■ I t— at Rsrh— nge.:
>al*».l 6TCCICS. jHlch.Lcw.j BM.J A*.
'A_cr=« Expr-M | ;235 IrTflT"
X1C.1GO'A_:_1 Copper .. 77 CS%i €84- f«%
jArr.rr Can Co.. J 104 io£
, Do ?f_ I M% 53
lAdfT C _ F Co| 33%! 314; S2I, 33
2.10C' Do pfd «2 I Bl»^ fciit s»2
l,70f!A_«r Cot OH... 3G\ »S ~H f*
♦0C) Do rid V. j »5% 95 01
700;Ar.«-r !-:» Tel.. S34| 37* J 254 374
2V0 Amer Express. ..i212»4!211SiJ211 J215
:.«<'An; CJrass T Cej 12Vtl ll"^t\ 11-^41 H*i
XKCOiAtt! Hid* _ L..J 11 i 10 10?-j 10=*
«:.3<Xti I>c pr<* j 4SH| 44 i 45Hj 46^,
l/«-ADcr Ice j t> j J%JJ-7% 8
«»| IX, pfd SSUi 37^ 37h SS
Am Linseed ...j { I 17 j lS'i
i Do cfd | _s 414
7.2U" AS! Locomotive., j 34 U; 33 ?~ Xi 1 -*
5ft] ivo cfd 1102^:102 102 102Vj
I.VIiAm Malt \\ 7>si «i*ii 674! «'*
7Cfl. ly> j.;d 1 2S j _«»_| 'M\%{ 2GV*
22.0TO'Am S _ Ref Co! SHi! 77 S| 7SVi| 73%
7C0! Do pfd ......113 lllii 111%|UJ
4C.5«X: ; Am Sugar |l4S T i.l41 il41V»:142 .
2O>J Do pfd J14O Il_> J13S !14l
Am T & T Co.- i |143 150
Am Tcb pfd ...| i 250 |255
S,60Bl__i Wocl-sn I Zl*+ 204 21 I 21U
, Do p.'d j M '->*
l,W.u-) Anaccnda |109 JC 90 100
.Ann Arbor j 34 37
! l>o tJd ! 1 <w es
43.400- A T _ Santa. Fei B7U| S3 I « 8S^
2 lot".: Do pfd 103 :1C2 :102U,102»i
4O.C4^Balt _ Ohio ...,100Si »7»«! J»S j 98»%
2<X!| Elo pfd i «5 . j 95 j 5*4 'J^^i
Bay State Gas. -I J» _;»
_?.e«l.B R T i oe T sl 63 63-jil <5J
>Brocklyn Vn Gas; |21S ]222
2tX>T-runswk D & lj 12U U.%j 12^*! gJ*
iButtertclt Co ...j 61hi «1 ! «3l 614
400 C_n tfouthern ...i 70U. "OH «°. I *-.,
n.C«>C_n PactKc ..i*ill_*ftll»H}l»Sil»|H
13.3<»C & Ct 4»4 47!, « 4h>4
,C jl. » 41 44
:::::::i c do trd':::::: ::...{ » «*
13.90U C _ G\V ..... _3»i • 22 V »| 22% >3
""200! Do pfd ••B"!!j"35Sj 35iij 354} 36*4
■«.i : 6c R I _ P new 36^j 34 j 34H 34H
4.000: Do pfd 84 S3 834 »*_
) Do 4s ! *i_* J;*»
3.000Chic_KO Term .. 13»« 12 13> 14
4C0; Do Pfd v » I 234! 234! 23%
1.300 Chicago Un Tracj 13 ll%\ HVaj \
...| Do pfd i 4O 1 4-
SOo'c C C & St L.-.j 91 KHjWSIIfJ
! Do pfd 11® 115
::::::: Cleveland l_ w 70 ( so
IMj pfd »0 l^ 20
2».20^Colo Fuel _ Iron 55«* 4S4! ***! ** .
. . ..' Do pfd M i ** *
2.3OOC H C _ I WS »T_ i^H; JJIl
1.400^Colo Southern ..22 20 204 -1,
500' Do 1st pfd 5SV4 5S M- «£4
i Do 2d pfd 314 ->3?»
3,SfW Consolidated Gas 2124 210 210 211
i Cont Tob Co pfdi I .|12*4;13O4
2.»00;Corn Products -.23 22 1 22^1 224
iKK> Do pfd ! 79»i 794i 79Vi> 7J»4
200 Del and Hudscn. ilS.s>-« ,1S6 |1S6»,:1M4
20lt D L _ W '350 [345 '340 ,345 ,
l.nOi.'D and R G 33 | 32 i 32 t 324
1CM) " Do rfd S84 fetj 1 S6 S6V*
2»<»Des M & Ft D. 27 2441 25 20
5C0'Detroit Un Ry.. 78 7S 78 .S*«
2Of> Detroit Southerc. «\ 6 i tf •
l.«« Dc. pfd 2» 2S!4j 28*i »«,
i ;Dlamor-d Match.' 137 1SS
4.b00DlsUUlcg Secur. 3»4l 37*4 38 H! •"»
|Dis Secur Bonds) 75 • | .S4
Duluth. S S _ A ! 12%; 134
HW Do pfd ! 234 23 214123
Jtt.O0O_rie L 404 ; 5S 38 j 3S"4
*Z,U*>. Do 1st *fd.^..j 7«%] 73v^ 74>4 744
3.500 Do 2d pfd f 5S4! 534! 554 M
jE _ T H.......i...-.'l i.«0 «
; ! Do I* d I !S0 S3
1.7ncrGeneral Electric. 18S%!lS5»iil8« )l>74
200Oreat North pfd.;220 ,220 ,215 ',220
SuOGre^n Cons Cop. ,U\ 34H[ »4_] 34*4
IHavana Tcb Co I 35 W
• Do pfd i 44H| 48
SOOHocklng Valley.. S4 S24 83 S4
X.0001 Do p:d J»4 02T,| 91U 93
13.70i) Illinois Central . 156*» 11524 153 (1534
«.5nr;inter Paper ....i 22V 4 20^1 20%! 21
1.2TX) Do ptd I ~<iy t \ 77 7S j 79
20C Inter Power ...J €5 644' «H! «
llnter Pump ....| .....39 | 40
-_o pfd ■ ' &5 8S
2.SCO4o»a Central ... 31*,! 2!>4! 30 | 304
300 Do -fd f 56?ll 56\ 554! 5«
Kanawha. _ M..| ....I M 40
KC.FtS _Mpfd, K«4 S2U! 82U B4
600 Kars C Southern' 29 H 274 28 Vi 284
600. Do pfd MlV* 50 504151
K*--kuk _ Des M- 16 ! 18
!Laclede Oat ofdi 85
Lake Erie _ \V.! 39 | 41
Do pfd j !100 J103
Lcr.g Island i | 51 \ 624
13.»00 L _ N !145\!14414'1424" ! 142»4
2.700 Manhattan jl(57\jl67 167 167^«
IManhat Beach... ?S.... 84 11
4. <W> Met Securities...' Sl««l S) S04 80*4
ll.^COMet. St Ry 1234:i21%i 122V, 122»i
7.9CO Mexican Cent... 22i»! 21 21% 21»»
l.ocOMinn _ St L 64 j 63 614! 624
! Do 1st pfd J B2 98
.v«\M stP&SSM.i 90V Hsi, ss4 : sri4
SCO' Do pfd .... 146 J145>4 UM, I4'J
l.ftOOMo Kan _ Texas 33 32U 32^4 33
4.4001 Do pfd 64 61 j 62 I 62H
40.200'Missouri Pacific. 110H 1074. 1C8 HOS^i
iNash C _ St L 144 147
1.100- National Lead.. 2*% 234 24H 23
j L>o pfd 0«4 98
N R R of M pfd 42 42%
1.O00. National Biscuit.! 56 65 Ml 5«'
t Do pfd 1 115 116^i
100 New Jersey Cent 194 1934 192 193
30C N Y Air Brake. 159«4|157 156*1 157
lO.irON T Central 140 137 U39 13S%
SOON Y C _ St L... 45 424 43% 45
200J Do 1st pfd Ill IO74 107 111
j Do 2d pfd 76 774
IS T Dock 124 134
400'N Y N H & H.. 197V197U 197*« 19S'
2.5«0:N Y Ont & W.. «.1» s 40% 41% 42
11.000; Norfolk & West. 77 75S 754 75%
! Do pfd 1 00 W
2,000 North American. 110298(100 101?ifl02
iNorthern Secur.. J1224 1204 122 122
;Omaha 1 154 15S
t Do pfd lW) 195
O 6 L 4s 103% 104
200 Pacific Coast ... 77% 77 764 774
! Co pfd J . 88 105
! Do :a r« I ( 814 »4
4.000 Partfle Mail 444 424 43^ 43%
Ilf..G00;Penn R R Co... 13S% 136 !136V I3«4
22.1»0C Pecplea Gas 111 il074!107%ilOS
feOOP C C & Et I... 79H 7541 75%j 75«4
I Do rfd 107 ;io« ic5 nm
l.«00 Prersed Steel Carl 39Si 3$ I 384 3*K
1.900, Do pfd 004 S9 j S94 89%
IPullman Car Co 23S 241
2,100*Ry Steel gp Co.. 32«4 30% 31 silt
300! Do pfd 02% 92%| »2 M
149,Sn» Reading 60% 77«4! 77%l 78
<S00; Do 1st pfd.... 00% flO 00 fll
GOO! Do 2d pfd 83 81*i 80 82
«.4T«; Republic S & I. 1<!% 15' 15U 15%
2.300! Do pM 70 67T4 «' CS4
S.lOOlRtibber Goods .. 2S% 27 2CV, 27
Do pfd 95 | 97
2.100 61<»e S 6 _ I Co' 61 60 00«i 61
! Do pfd j IOC 106
'St J ft G I. 16 17
1CO| Do lrt prd I 56H 56% 5.1 57
........I Do 23 pfd J .'... 274 294
300'StL * SF" 1st pf! 78 78 764 78
2.400!^ Do 2d pfd «S4 C7 «7^ 674
*W*»St L A- S W M% » 25%) 281^
4.00l»t Do pfd ! C«% M M4* 57
l-i.SWO-'Bawthern Parff!e.| 6«?U J^H 634 C3%
'So Pac pfd !ll7 1164 1164J117
22.7/y>:Sou__rn Rai!wy! 36 4 f 05 ! ST.%i SML
1.6001 Do pfd !/©64* 95%! 96 J JWJ4
tsttandard OH ...I !«3« (640
;»_ R & Tvln«| 3% 4
18.4OO'Tenn Caal _ I.. 74H 704 ~l% 71%
..(Tex Pac L T Co! SS 4*»
7.000'Texa* Pacifle ..j 37«i 2_.»,t X5>4! 85%
!Thlrd Ave ..>•.. j H31 ' |1_J
'To! Ry & T Co. I _»%! 23 1 23«| 23%
i.2ooto» st l _ \r..t srul .*»*<;! 2541 aa
l.ft»| Do pfd I . r .iti! 544t M'-il 644
Xrr'Twlti City R T.I109HI109 'K^U'loe
lOrt'Un Esp _ Paper' 11 J II .1 II J 12
20fti Do pfd 174 i 74 I 74 1 7«
I40._X>'ITn!on- Pacific . ..!ll4Vi!ll«>%)ill llll«*
1.000 1 Do pfd ! 05^1 95 I »4_1 65U.
..in P Cenr 4s !-....( Ilimillltr
!rrJt«S Copper ..{ !. I 15 1 i«
IU R cf 8 7 I j ! 22 I 2S
Do rfd ! j 65 ! t& •
I Do 4s ...1 r- 87%! P7UI ?7«i
?.flfrt»r fi Oest I Pipe! lf>_l 1« ! lfi«4< 1R%
2.VI0! Do nfd I 79 1 77«4l 77«4l 78
yn p nxi-ess ...I » U2!> nv>
_B.7»!U P Leather I 1RHI 16*4) 16X41 17
412.100J rv» pfa Uos4Uoi4(ift2u.'i<>2%
IT^ R R ft C pfdJ 1 1 .7941 8OU
3*nnV s Rubber I S3 I ."»^| 31 I Sivj
7on! D- nfd ■ ' mi;; wn.;! ni I n!u
2V».*v>'U s Steel Cor..! .11%! 20«if 2DU1 2!>*4
17«.O0:y Do pfd I J*4l m%\ 01%l flllA
."tfK>:Va-C«r Oetn Co! 43 ! 41 | 41 I 414
1.200- no. pfd. imwimuiuuiiirr
KW^Tl'sbarh I 2» I 22 ' 2?Ul 22%
7.700" T>o p»d ...» 43!it'43li! U. "I 444
t ;>» 4*b« n ! ?....*! «» ! fiSRi
l~"e»s-Farro Kx.l \ 1244 12**'
*oa Western Vnlon.-I f>24l 91 I mm 02
J.«ftf>lW»^tlnrhf>a!«» !lS3 !l7WJ!|THillSi< ;
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL/ THURSDAY. DECEMBER .8. a904.
I Do 2d pM 20UI 20 |20 1 2"v>j
~<>;W & L _ 19 » 184] 1^'il W 1 - •
400! Do 1st pfd.... '4«».-l 40: 8 l 46 | 4<U<
3«>i Do _i pfd j 27 *| 27 1 28%! 27_
1..00jW!sccnifia Cent..! 23 I ii 22 l 4j 22H 22*4
. 1.30O: Do pfd j iZ% I iSSgl 4541 4tt
2.416._»— Total shares sold.
New York Bonds.
V S rcf 2s rcg..lo»-i L & N unified 4s.lO3?4 J
Do coupon 104>>7iIan con go!d is.lOo
Do is reg 1044 Mt_ Ctntral 4s.. 7O74 j
Do coupon*. 1C4"-i Do 1st inc..... 22
Do new 4* rcg.l3t»?iiMir.n _ St _ is.. 97 S
Do coupon i:jo*,.m K & Texas 4s.lU> I
Do oM 4s rcg.lC5*il Do 2ds M?4 !
Do coupon 10<;%:NR of Mex con 4s SI 4 '
Atch gen 4s lC2;i,iN T C gen r .1(0 -1 ■
Do adj 4* -»4 IN J C »ren 5s l3-'-"i, '■
Atlantic C L 4s. 99i<.|Nor Paclfie 4s ICr.','
Ealt & Ohio 4s..lfi2^l Do 3s 75»> |
Do 34s 96%i_T_r _ W con 4s.lOt
Central of Ga 5s.lllV»'OSL -is _ P— rU e_.03% !
Do 1st ine VI JFa coav 34s 10JU :
Ches _ Ohirt 4ii3.1C7-:iReadln^ gen 4s..'.lC2WJ
Chi _ Alton 34j-. K2VI -S L & I M con 5s.lCo4 :
C. B _ Q new 4a.l00 IS L & S F f«r 4s. OSh |
CM _ SP gn 4s.llO%jSt Louis SW lsts. 97*J
C & NW con 78.12S^i'S'-3'"«-^ A L 4«. »«5 i
C. R I _ Pac 4s. R':3, So Pacifle 4^ m>i '
Do col 5s r«34>So Railway .">* 1 19** i
rc.f & SL*n 4».l("*iT'-x & Par lfts..H0U
Chi Term 4s «4%|To'. Ft L & W 4s. S3U. ;
Cons Tobacco 4s. S3 '.Union Pacific 4s..l0fi j
Co'.o & So 4s.... 90 1 "Do ccnv 4s . 111 i
• C F & I con 5s. R5 IU S Steel 2d Ca.. !>1H
• Den _ Rio G 4S.101 VWacarh lits 117%
j Erie iir!or lien 4s.l014i Do (!cb B 97 !
Dr» pen 4s 02UiW & L Er!e 4s... 93U
: F \V & D C Ut_lC8H{WU Central 4s... 93H1
• Hock Val 44s... Ill j
New York Mininjj Stocks. i
I Adams Con 25'LIttle Chief..... Oui
! Alice C'^lOntario 3 50 J
j Greece 12Ophir 2 »0 I
j Brur.s Con l^'Phcnix Ohj
i r O ni Tunnel os'Potosi 15;
(Con Cal _ Va. .. 1 75!Pavaite 24
Horn Silver 1 mSierra Nevada.... 47
Iron Silver 2 1*0 frr.all Hopes 26
_*advi!le Con.... C2iStandard 1,70
Boston Stocks and Bonds. ;
Money— |U S Steel.: 29 V, •
Call loans 3041 Do pfd ..: 91U j
Time loans 4@3IWesting Common. S9 '
Bonds — I Mining — '
i Atchison 4s W"" Adventure 6 ]
Do adj 4- 934lAIlouez 174*
'Mex Central 4s... 74 lAmal Copper .... es% •
Railroads — lAmer Zino 12 1 <4 ;
Atchison . S5^~j> Atlantic 154'
Do pfd 1024!Bir.gham -35 j
Boston & Albany.SBS^-Calumet - Hecla.CfO
[Boston _ Malne.172 (Centennial 254 |
j Boston Elev 153 'Copper Range ... r-4*; |
Fitchburg pfd 139 fDaly West 124 j
Mex Central 22t«(Dom Coal 83;
N T. N H A H..197 (Franklin 11
Union Pacific lllHlGraacy '; 4«i •
Miscellaneous — - lisle Royale 22 ;
Amer Arge Chem. 22'VMasg Mining R'i i
Do pfd S5>4! Michigan Rii ;
Amer Pneu Tube. 'V-iMohawk 52^4'
Amer Sugar 142 fMont Coal & Coke 4 j
Do pfd 13S iOld Dominion ... 2«H !
Amer Tel _ TeJ.146 'Osceola »•? j
Amer Woolen ... 21 IParrot f>74
Do rfd 92 lOuincy 1O»>
Dora Iron * S... IS '^hannon S
E<1 E'ect Ilium.. 2M (Tamarack 12"J
Cen Electric 1S4 j.Trinlty 9 '•
Mas* KJectric 14 |O S Mining.. 2.". I
Do pfd f2 l_ S Oil im :
Mass Can 1S« (Utah 434'
United Fruit lffi .Victoria ;.... 414
Un Shoe Mach... RS tWinona ...A 10
Do pfd 31 .Wolverine 106
London Closing Stocks.
Cons for money.. 874'N V Central 1434'
Do for acct.SS ll-16,N"or _ Western... 7ST« !
Anaccnda 5^lc Do pfd/'. S)44 '
Atchison 00 lOnt & AVestern... 4*4!
Do pfd lOUi 'Pennsylvania 71><, '
Bait _ Ohio 102Sii!Rand Mines 11 4 1
Can PaciSc 137 iKeading 41 «_ i
Ches & Ohio 504! Do 1« pfd 48
Chi Great -West. . 24Vi' Do 2d pfd 42 I
Chi. Mil & St P.179 1S0 Railway 37';4 i
De Beers 1SU! Do pfd a«sii i
Den _ Rio G 33* 4 ! So Pacific 47?« !
Do pfd 894lUnion Pacific 1174 i
Erie 40% 1 Do pfd 07 K !
Do 1st pM 78U'U S Steel 324 !
Do 2d pfd 58 _l Do pfd 06 *; 1
III Central 161 (Wabash 234!
Louis & Xifh 14S4 Do pfd 47
M. K _ Texas... 34H!Sca_ish 4» $9 \
Bar silver — Quiet; 274d per ounce.
Money — 1462 per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for i
short bills is 2 13-1662"^ per cent and for 1
three months' bills 2*iS2T* per cent.
Cash in the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 7.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances in the general fund. ]
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve in the •
division of redemption, ehowe: Available ca«h '
balances, fl42.S66.510; gold. $S6,iei,3SS. "
New York Cotton Market.
NEW TORK. Dec. 7.— Cotton futures
I opened strong; December, 7.57c; January, '
7.66c; February. 7.75c bid; March, 7.S5c; May i
I 7.95c; July. &.05c.
Spot closed steady; middling uplands, 8c;
middling Gulf, 8.25c; sales, 30 bales.
Futures closed very steady: December,
7.02c; January. 7.70c; February, 7.70c; March. 1
7.&7c; April, 7.$>2c; May. 7.92c. •
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Dec. 7. — FLOUR— Receipt*
19.700 barrels; exports 2.000 barrels; quiet and
lowtr to sell.
WHEAT — Receipts 4S.000 bushels; spot !
weak; No. 2 red nominal elevator and $1 IS 4
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, $1 12"i '
f. o. b. afloat. :
From Etart to finish wheat was weak and !
heavy to-day, yielding to persistent selling ;
by some of the big Western holders. It !
closed hie to %c net lowr; May, *j 12^4®
1 144. closed $1 12%; July, $1 03H&1 04 4, !
closed $1 G3*i; December, $1 16461 179..
closed $1 164. ;
HOPS— Dull
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Firm.
PETROLEUM— Steady.
SUGAR — Raw firm; refined firm. *K.
COFFEE — The market for coffee future*
closed steady at a net gain of 5®10 points.
Total aales were reported of 41.210 bags In
cluding: January at 6.95c; March. 7.10®
7.20c; May. 7.40c; July. 7.4567.50c; August,
7.5T>c; September. 7.75c. • Spot Rio steady:
mild steady.
BUTTER — Creamery, common to extra 193
244 c.
CH E ESE— Unchanged.
EGGS — Unchanged.
DRIED FRUITS.'
EVAPORATED . APPLES— The market
■hows little change. Choice and fancy grades
are in light supply and firm, while lower j
grades are easy; common are quoted at 849
4c; prime. 4V«(M4c; choice, 5*?04e. and
fancy «364c
PRUNES — Firm on the larger and
smaller sizes, which appear to be in moderate
supply. The general range for California
fruit I* from 2c to 4c, with Oregon grades
running as high as 6*4 c fcr the large sizes.
APRICOTS — Reported to be advancing
on the coast; choice here are quoted at 10c; !
extra choice. 104eilc, and fancy, 12315c.
PEACHES — Rule firm; choice are quot
eed at 9<4€ft>4c; extra choice, 994@lOUc and
fancy, 104911c. ,
New York Met*! Market.
NEW YORK, Dec/ 7. — The London tin mar
ket underwent a sharp break, spot closing at
£133 and futures at £131 12s (id. The local
market was quiet. Some dealers were in
clined to liold prices 00 the former level, while
others wer« lower and the closing quotations
fcr spot ranged from $29 124 to $29 50.
Copper was unchanged at £66 for spot and
CCR 7s Cd £or futures in London. Locally I
there wes no change. Lake Is quoted at !
$14 674^15 25; electrolytic. $14 75©15; cast-
Ing. $14 50^14 75. i
Lead "unchanged at $4 60f?4 75 In th» local
market and at £12 17* Cd in London.
Spelter waa also unchanged In both mar
kets. Spnt clcsed at £25 in London 2nd at
$5 75ff5 874 In New Tork. . f
Iron closed at 53s 9d In Glasgow asfd af 47s
104d in Mlddlesboro. Locally iron was ginr.
No. 1 foundry. Northern. No. 1 foundry. South
ern, and No. I foundry. Southern, soft, are
quoted at $17@17 50; No. 2 foundry. Northern
at $16 &0&17.
CHICAGO BOARD OF TRADE.
Future Grain an'd Provisions.
CHICAGO, Dec. 7. — Extreme weakness pre
vailed In the wheat pit from beginning to end
At the rtart May was off, Kc to %c at $L.l2%i
to $1.13. Liquidation of long wheat by com
mlscion houses and by local professionals was
a pronounced feature at the opening. A« the
section advanced th-. offerings Increased in
volume. News of the day failed to furnish
satisfactory explanation fcr the desire to sell.
A* a result of contradictory advices regarding
th* Argentine situation an easier ton« waa
manifested in the Liverpool wheat market,
but the slight decline there was seemingly
cot of sufficient importance to warrant heavy
selling here. • Receipts ■ in the > Northwest
showed only a moderate Increase, compared
with yesterday's arrivals. One noticeable
feature of trading was the offerings by a com
mission house, total sales of the day for this
account being in the neighborhood of 5,000 000
bushels. It was eald. Smaller holders were
influenced - by . these dealings and sold freely
Offerings. so far exceeded the demand that
prices dropped throughout the day. The low
point on May was 'reached at $1.10i{@1.10*i'
Tne market -closed exceedingly weak, with
May 2fcc lower at $1,104- „ „ . . .
Considering the break In .wheat, the corn
market held comparatively steady. May closed
at 44»Ji»j44*«c. unchanged.
I—mildaJirm of Dwemlwr boldlncr* was a.
festure of the trading in the oats market. • May
clt*e<! unchanged at 3t»*»c... . /• ...... • ■ ... I
Provision* wtre firm on covering by pack- j
err- Trading was very Slight- At the close :
May pork was up 2'itZ'V. lard ,was off 24c }
and r:bi; cere unchanged. . - -. i
The lead.ns future? ranged as follows: *
Article a — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— . . ; *, j
December .11"% M0% UW 1 CSS.
Mav 1 IS 1 13 1 10>4 1 lisu I
July 100 ICO BS'A OS's •
Corn No. 2— j :
December \ 45'k 4»J 4.->U 4a»i •
May 441+ • 444 44H 44'.
July ' 44% 44% «!,; 41'i '
Oats No. 2—
December 2S*, 2S"* 2«4 2S4 j
May 30% 3«'4 SO^ . 30%!
July 304 304 301i |
Mess Pork, per bbl— ;
January f.12 574.12 674 12 57% 12 C74
May 12 824 12 024 12 SO 12 90
Lard per 100 lbs — - " !
January 6 85 6 S74 6 S5 6 S74 «
May 705 7 10 705 7 074 1
Short Rlba. per 100 lbs — •
January 6 50 6 55 .650 fi 55
May 6 70 6 75 0 70 6 72H j
Cash Grain and Provisions! j
CHICAGO. Dec. ".—Cash quotations were as
follows: Flour, firm; No. 2 spring wheat.
$1 V0&1 15: No. 3. $1 02@l 12; No, 2 red.
$1 12>*@1 15; No. 2 corn. 46g464c;- No. 2 !
yellow 47c; No. 2 oats, 31c;. No. 2 white. .'
3Oi'.g::iV-c; No 3 white. 294@3l4e; No. 2i
rye'. 74cf good ' feeding barley. 38c; fair to I
choice malting. 42@4i»c: No. 1 flaxseed, $1 13; j
No 1 Northwestern, SI 224: prime- timothy !
Eoed, $2 72U.; mess pork, per barrel. $11 37V>tf
11 42V-: lard, per 100 pounds. S6 S24; short'
ribs sides (loore). $0 374?iU 50: short clear:
sides (boxed). 8C 75@C S7U; whisk}-, basis of.
high wines fl 21; clover, contract grade,
$12 50.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments. ;
Flour, barrels 32.2C0 25.000]
Wheat, bushels 126,000 64.700'
Corn, bu&h»Is 870.500 127.0UO •
Oats, bui-heis 22S.200 192.B00
Rye. bushels • 11.000 SCO
Barley, bushels 1S6.300 "26,000!
Butter. Cheese and E«rs.
CHICAGO. Dec ".—On the - Produce Ex- !
change to-day the Butter market was firm;
creameries. 16® 2«M;c: dairies. 16(?22c. Egg*. !
firm. 2o^iS2Dc. Cheese, steady, Iiei2c. I
CATTLE. SHEEP AND HOGS.
Chicago.
CHICAGO. Dec. 7. — CATTLE---RecelpU.
2C 000. Temr.s, 10c lower; Western. $5 90©
« „>; good to prime steers, $3 65®5 80: poor
to medium. $2 2354 10: stockers and feeders,
$1 4C&4 10: cows. $2g5: heifers, $1 30fl2 40;
canners. ?2g4: balls. $3 50@7; Texas fed
steers. $3 5CQ5. . ,
HOGS— Receipts, 45.COO: to-morrow. 30.000;
5c lower. Mixed and butchers*. $4/ 35@4 32%:
good to choice heavy, $4 4594 55: rough heavy,
$4 SCtai 40; light, $4 30g4 50; bulk of sales.
!i 40@4 50.
SHEEP— Receipts. 25.000: sheep and lambs,
steady to strong. Good • to choice" wethers,
$4. 4O@5 15: fair to choice mixed. $3 50-&4 35;
Western sheep, $3"55; native lambs. 54 40g
0 25; Western lambs, $4 40<§« 10. .' ' .
Kansas CItjv
KANSAS CITY. Mo., Dec. 7.— CATTLE—
Receipts, 8000; steady to 10c higher. Native
pteen>, $3 50^4 60; native cows and heifers,
$1 7505: stockers and feeders. $2 5Og4 15;
bulls, $2@4: calves. $3@6 25; Western steers,
$:;';.".; Western cows, $1 75S3 50.
HOGS — Receipts, 11,000; steady to a shade
lower. Bulk, $4 35®4 65; heavy. $4 55@4 65:
packers. $4 3594 60; pigs and lights. $3 753
4 40. '
SHEEP— Receipts, 4000; stroDg to active.
Muttons. $4-55; lambs, $4 5C@6; range weth
ers, ?4g4 75; ewes, ?2 50®4 25.
OMAHA. Nebr.. Dec. 7.— CATTLE— Re
ceipts, 2S.000: steady to strong. Native
steers, $3 5Og6 25; cows and heifer*. $2 50
©3 75: Western steers, $3®4 55; Texas steers.
$2 75@3 S5; ranee cows and heifers. $2 4iv^
3 30: canners, $1 75Q2 35: Btockers and feed
ers J2 .'Mi 4; calves, *.lfi5 50; bulls, stags,
etc.. f2<3i.
HOGS — Receipts, 10,300; 5c lower. Heavy.
84 3554 40: mixed, $4 35$j4 374; light $4 40S
4 45: pigs. $4 30; bulk; $4 35@4 374.
SHEEP— Receipts, 6000: strong. ' Westerns.
$4 4CH§4 90; wethers. 54 25@4 70; ewes, $4@
4 5f»; common and stockers, |*J 5Og4 40- lambs
$556 25.
MISCELI_\XEOUS MARIiETS.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec* March. May.
Opening 7 2*4. 7 4% 7 4»i
Closing 7 2>4 7 4fc 7 4U
PARIS.
Wheat — Dec. Mar. -June.
Opening 24 20 25 50'
Closing 24 30 25 55
Flour —
Opening.. 32 05 33 30
Closing. .....<•*.._-. 32 15 33 35
London Board of Trade.
LONDON. Dec. 7.— The November statement
of th» Board of Trade shows increases of
*9.7o6,«X> In imports and $15,377,500 In ex
ports. .,.
The increase In" Imports includes cotton. $2.
799,M>5. and certain manufactured article* over
$2,500,000. The Increase in exports was mainly
ia cotton fabrics, $7,525,855.'
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS. Dec. 7.— WOOL— Firm. Medium
prade*. combing and clothing. 226— )c; light
fine. lS8224c; heavy fine, 144eiS4c; tub
washed, 26<g40c.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Dec. 7. — WHEAT— Walla
Walla, fcr export. SOc: bluestera, 85c- for
milling. Walla Walla. S3c; bluestem. SSc: val
ley. 874c; for Eastern markets, Walla Walla.
*>0c; biuestetn, 90c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Dec. 7.— WHEAT— Unchanged,
bluestem, 89c; club, S6c.
Northern Business. .
SEATTLE 1 .' Dec. 7. — Clearings. $716,168- bal
ances. $57,428.
TACOMA. Dec. 7. — Clearings. $455 037* bal
ances. $39,410
PORTLAND, Dec 7.— Clearings, $718,450;
balances, $92,610.
SPOKANE, Dec. 7. — Clearings, $536 195- bal
ances, .$35,819.
LOCAL MARKET.
) Exchange and Bullion.
i Rates showed little change yesterday but
j all Exchange was weak.
LOCAL. i.^v.'t 7-
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. $4 83*404 R4
Stcrllns Exchange, sight 4 864^4 S6»4
Sterling Exchange, cables 4 87 ©4 »7»i
New York Exchange, sight Par @
N. Y. Exchange, telegraphic... 024®
Silver, per ounce — - ® 69*>
Mexican Dollars 4540 4ST*
INTERNATIONAL.
New Tork on Paris 81614
New York on Mexico 205
I Paris on London 25.154
Berlin on London .'. 20.33
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Liverpool futures were lower,
while Paris futures were unchanged.
. Chicago was 2%c lower on the day, with
heavy selling on Argentine* crop advices,
which; however, are very conflicting. Some
report, serious damage to the crop by rust,
while others deny any extensive Injury. The
Armour Grain Company had a letter from
Robert Proctor & Sons of Liverpool, dated No-,
vember 25. quoting reports of unfavorable crop
weather In Argentine, there being not much wet
weather In the northern province* for harvest
ing, damage by drought In France, where*
Australian Wheat Is being Imported and pre
dicting a large decrease in Russian and In
dlan exports soon. ■'•'
/ In this market the cash Wheat waa steady.
Din slow of sale. Futures declined In sympathy
with Chicago," with a fairly active market.
The Merchants' Exchange In Its semi -an -
I nual statement of the stock on hand in the
] State December 1 gives the total at 3.'P30 *60
ctls, against 5,436,820 ctls at the same time
! last year. This Is about what the grain trade
had floured- on.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, $1 4501 524; California
White Australian. $1.6001 624; Northern
Club. SI r.C<51 524. with none offering; North
ern Blutetem. $1 60gl €24; Northern Red,
! $1 i.1\% j:er ctl.
FUTURES.
i Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. havr. Close.
May $1 44>4 $1 **H $1 43*4 $1 4"» I
December ... 1 414 1 414 1 41 1 4l' ;
Dec. (10C5)..131 131 131. .131 !
2 p. m. ' Session.
May— $1 431J. • • v -
December— $1 41 *J bid. ■
BARLET — Futures were weak and the caah ''■
grain was' quiet and - unchanged. There wa* a'
1 rumor that Japan was asking for quotations'
for a line of from 1500 to 2000 tons but noth
! ing definite .was known about It.
j. The stock oh hand in the State December 1,
; according to the semi-annual statement of tBe ;
Merchants* Exchange, was 3,361.720 ctl* i
; against 4,471.300 ctls on the same dato last
i year.
CASH BARLET.
Feed. $1 O&gl '124: Brewing and Shipping.
$1 15gl 174; .Chevalier, ?! 15@1 20 per ctl.
FtjTURE^
Session . 9 to 11 :30 a. . m. - .
Open. High. Lo W . Close l
May $1 C*% ?1 0S*4 $1084 $1 C9Vi i
December — No sales. ■
2 "p. m. Session.
May— $1 0S?4 bid, $1 094 asked.
December— $1 10 bid, $1 10U asked.
OATS— The stock on hand In the State De
cember 1; according. to -the semi-annual state
ment of the. Merchants 1 ; Exchange, was 221,600
■ctls. . against 327.WX) ctls at the same time last
year. ■ ■- ■ . r ■ . - -
The Government. It ts reported, will on Jan
uary 9 ot>en , bids . for 4bOO tons for delivery
from February 1 to September 13v This will
scatter the • deliveries -. over such a long period
. ;hj:t they 'vrlll- nrobably produee little or no
effect on the market.
Th* znarkat continues unchanged.. there beias
a very -fair demand- for seed; while the In
quiry for feed -i3 light.
White. ?1 4-J'iei »*^- Surprise. $1 55«1 CO;
Rid for le«J. $1 SL'^'ffl 45 for No. 1 and
SI 22Vi61 :>O for No. 2; extra fine for seed.
, $1 42^81 5O : Black $1 30©l 35 for feed and
?1 4j«»l C2*i for seed.
CORN — ThTe were no receipts from the
We-st yesterday and the market continued
quiet and unchanged.
Western sacked. $i 4Cgl 43 for TcITotc.
White and Mixed; California large Yellow. I
II 4Cgl 45; small round do. $1 80: White,
nominal: Egyptian. $1 3.%gi 40 for White and.!
$1 17ii@l 20 for Brown. . !
RYE— $1 4C©1 45 per ctl. • ' !
BJL'CKWHEAT — There were Sanje receipts of
1722 sacks yestcrdav. Dealers quote the mar- i
ket at $1 5C$1 75 per ctl. with some damp
goods offering?. -. : -~ ;■
Flour "and 3UIIstnffs.
Stocks of Flour In the State December U i
according to the semi-annual statement of the
Merchants' Exchange, were 12S.140 bbls. ■
agnlnst 147.71S bb>s on the same date last
year.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, *4 M>©
'5 10. usual terms: Bakers' Extras, $4 7o*i5: '
. Oregon and Washington, jobbing at S i'<H 5O
! per bbl.
MIL.LSTUFFS — Prices • in -package* are as i
| follows: . Graham Flour. $2 75 per ll-O lbs: >
; Rye Flour. *3 25: Ej-e Meal, $3: Rice Flour.
: *7: Corn Meal. *2 50; extra cream do. $3 60;
Oat Meal, 54; Oat Groats, $4 25; Hominy,
S3 COftS S5; Buckwheat Flour. $4 25: Cracked
Wheat. S3 75; Farina, $4: Whole Wheat
Flour. $3 30; Rolled Oats. bbls. f S 7537 50; In
racks. $4 25; Peart Barley. ?5; Split Pea*.
j boxes. $5 50; Green Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs. .
'■" , v Hay and Feedstuffs.
Bran continues very firm, with light stocks
and a gcod demand, but no further advance Is
announced.
Hay was again In liberal receipt yesterday,
' the arrivals being SCI tons, including 75 car*.
: The market was quiet and steadv. It is nnder
1 stood that. on January 9 the Governi£?at will
■ open bids for 6S50 tons, deliverabls between
Febrnary 1 and September 13.
The circular of Somers & Co. says:
i "Hay shipments have been rather heavy
j during the week just ended, the total showing
| 3300 tons in comparison with but 2100 for the
i week preceding. This Increase In shipments
l has been occasioned by the fact that cars are
• now more plentiful. Some of the Hay which
: has just arrived was ordered to market several
; weeks ago and some points have be-en denied
shipments entirely until the last few days,
i It Is reported at raialroad headquarters that
• from now on cars will be mor» plentiful. This
i will enable_us to Judge more- accurately as to
I the general Idea of the farmers about holding
I their Hay. We do not anticipate any very
! great rush for the next month or two; on the
other hand, we are inclined to . anticipate a
rather quiet demand for that same period, so
there is very little that promises any better
] market here for some little time. It is ru
: mored that the Government will be In th»
; market for Hay very shortly, but as their or
der" are generally divided among their various
transports it" is seldom that any good effect
Is felt from this business. ,
I "Shipping trade alcng the coast has been
i exceedingly quiet for several weeks, and from
! what we can learn there Is not much prospect
; of any Improvement along this line until next
; spring.
••Quite a bit of Wheat Hay has been coming
i to market during the past few days, which
| has tended to weaken the situation with this
; particular grade of Hay. although we can
I quote no lower prices. Other grades continue
to come quite freely and hold their own at
unchanged figures."
BRAN— $20<g21 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— *25«2S per ton.
; SHORTS— $2C@21 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. S24S24 50 per
: ton: Oilcake' Meal at the mill, »31 50332 50;
: jobbing, $33: Cocoanut Cake. $23$24 : Cocoa
1 nut Meal. $24©25: Corn Meal. $31 50«32:
: Cracked Corn. $32®32 50; Mixed Feed. %22Q
I 23; Horse Beans. $30^40 per ton; Broom
I Corn Feed. 90c per ctl.
i HAY— Wheat. $10^15; Wheat and Oat. $10@
14- Oat *!>irl2; Barley and Oat. $8911: Volun
i teer Wild Oat. ?7fil0: stable. $&@10; stock.
! $5 50@7; Clover. $7glO; Alfalfa. 1^312 per
ton. *
STRAW— 35® 60c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
The stock of Beans on hand In the State
j December 1. according to the semi-annual
I statement of the Merchants' Exchange, was
' 557.f>«> sacks against 6o9.9<)S sacks December
I 1, 19U3.
It is now reported that most of the dry
' Bean* of £hls year's crop have passed out of
first hands. Pinks and Bayos being particu
larly mentioned in this connection. There are
only a few large Whites left. Most of the
! Beans still on hand are damaged.
BEANS — Bayos. $2 75©3: Pea, nominal:
i Butter W«3 25: small White. $3 15aa 30;
large "white. $2 4O©2 65; Pink. $2 7563 15.
Rird $4 2M?4 50; Lima. »4 1P©4 2O: Red KW
neys.. H W; Blackeyes, $2, 60©2 75 per ctl;
Horse Beans. $1 55562 40.
SEEDS Brown Mustard, nominal — no good
lots otfering; Yellow Mustard. 3He3%c: Flax.
$2«2 75: Canary. e*»c: Alfalfa. 12U©iac;
Rape lVi^Vsc: Timothy: 5»ic; Hemp, <HO
I 3-%c per 1b: Millet. 2%@3He; Broom Com
' Seed $20fi21 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. »1 758C 50; Green
I Peas. $1 75Q2 50 per ctl.
Potatoes^ Onlon«» and Vegetables.
i There were further additions to the already
unwieldy supplies of low-grade river Burbanks
and there wai practically no market for that
> class of goods. Fancy stock. wWch formed
! but a very small percentage of the fresh ar
; rivals, was firm at the top quotation and Sa
! Unas Burbanks were quoted steady. Sales of
' fancy Oregon Burbanks. ex-recent arrivals,
1 were reported at *1 per cental, the receivers
being unable to obtain the pries asked on
the preceding day. Onions were in light re
ceipt and continued firm at the recently re
vised quotations.
Receipts of southern vegetables were mod
erate and Wax Beans. Summer Squash. Egg
Plant and Uma Beans were higher. Peas and
i String Beans were plentiful and steady at pre-
I vious price*. The other vegetables stood about
I as previously qfuoted.
POTATOES— Burbanks from the river, 40®
70c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks. $1 10@l 42V4 Per
ctl- Oregon Burbanks. 75ctf$l per ctl; River
Reds, 6OS70c per ctl; Sweet, Potatoes. 85c
ONIONS $2 2502 GO per ctl for local and
Oregon, and ?2 for Utah stock.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. 3©5c per lb;
String Beans. 4f?5c per Ib; Wax Beans, 4£«o:
! Lima Beans. 5«8c per lb: Tomatoea. BOcCHl
I per box: Summer Squash. 75©90c per box: Cab
i I bage «i0c per ctl; Carrots, 75c per sack; Cu-
I cumbers. S5c@tl per box; Gsrlic. 4^e5c per
< lb- Ekb Plant, large boxes. i5c@$l: do south
ern 5®7c per lb- Dried Peppers, nominal:
Green Peppers, 40©fi0c per box; Marrowfat and
Habbard Squash, $S©10 per ton.
_____ _
Poultry and Game.
Trade In Poultry was quiet and the market
! was generally weak, with supplies of all de-
I scripUons plentiful. Large Hens and small
■ Broilers were the only descriptions that seemed
: to be wanted. Seven cases of dressed Turkey*
! came In and prime stock brought a small ad
' vance. Game was weak in sympathy with
• Poultry, and several kinds were lower.
• POULTRY— Dres«ed Turkeys, 22£24c per
! lb: Live Turkeys, 16®ISc P«r lb; Geese, per i
pair. $2g2 25; Goslings. $2 25£2 50; Ducks,
' $5'5^ P er dozen for old and $>>&S for young-
I Hens. $404 50 for small and $5®5 50 for
i large: young* Roosters. J4 5OS<> 50: old Roos- !
' ters. $4Q4 50: Fryers. $404 50; Broilers. $3fi-«;
; pigeons $1 25; Squabs, $2#2 50.
GAME — Mallard Ducks. J3S3 50 per dozen;
Tanvasback $3®3 f-0:. Teal. $1 25^1 50; Sprig I
$2®2 60; Widgeon. $1 60; Red Heads $2 CO;
small Ducks. $1 25©1 60; Gray Gwte. $232 50:
White Geese.. $161 «>: Brant. $1 25#2: Honk
-er*. $395; Snipe. $3 for English and $1 50 for
common: Doves. $1 25; Hare, $1 50; Rabbits.
$2 for Cottontails and $1 60 for Brush. '
Bntter, Cheese and Eeres.
All quotations remained unchanged jester- '
day. Butter and Eggs were both steady, with <
the cold weather exercising a strengthening
influence on the tnarket. Stocks of Butter, no
longer large, continue to decrease slowly, and i
some dealers are disposed . to advance their :
_sklng prices. Receipts, of Eggs are Inoreas-
IBS -somewhat again, but slightly. Cheese, en
the contrary, is coming In more freely and Is
weak In consequence. ■ »
Th«>re is some poor Cheese coming in from i
Oregon and it has to b« worked off low — at
about 9c per lb.
Receipts were 36.800 lbs Butter. 52S cases
Eggs and 39.500 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Cresmery at first hands, 21c
for extras and lM?20c for lower to medium
grades: dairy. 17618c: cold storage, nominal;
store Butter. 10914c; Eastern cubes, nominal;
Eastern ladle-packed. 15®16c. . "
CHEESE— 11©11Hc for choice mild new and
0#10c for old; cold storage, 10^©llc; Young
Americas, 12812Hc: Eastern. 10@15c per lb.
EGGS — Ranrh. 35ff38c for good to fancy and
_>®32Uc for 4ommon; cold storage, 25©30c; i
Eastern. _Vf?2Sc for choice 22g24c for stand- :
ards and 19j?_lc for seconds. j
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Trade in fruits was quiet and the market,
was still badly congested with fancy ' Apples
and poorly colored Navel Orangea. which eon- ;
I tlnued to drag -at Irregular prices.. Dealers
reported a fair movement In medlom-prlced
Apples, . that Is, stock worth from 65c to 65c
per box.' but supplies were more than sufficient i
to satisfy the demand. Sales ' of ' Oranges at ;
the top quotation were rare and most handlers j
were quoting $1 75 as the top. Crated **rape» '
were mostly, poor and sold at a wide range as !
to variety and quality. Choice Verdel* brought I
00c and. some fine Isabella sold up to $1 per
crate, while other varwtie* told down tot 40c. -
Large boxen were pracTically unsalable. Rasp- !
berries and . strawberries sold slowly .and a!
large portion of tae receipts of the latter were
f rost-bltten. hence the wide range In prices.
Cranberries 'were weaker, with considerable 1
price-cutting going on. .« I
STRAWBERRIES— Longworths. $5010 per
chest; .Cheneys, $2£S; Malindaa and Brandy
wines. $103. ' •■->„
RASPBERRIES— $Tfi* per chest.-
CRANBERRIES— $0©ll per bbl for K_3t
i em and $2 756.1 per box for Coos Bay.
' APPLES — SI 25 per box for extra fancy, 75e
Q Jl for ordinary fancy and 4?me3e- (or eoraaaoa
to choice; Lady Apple*.'. »2fi2 23 per bos.,
PEARS— Winter NeUls. $1 5t>Sl 73 per bo*;
cooking varieties, 5Ccf?*l per box.
PERSlMMONS-^COfWSe per bcx.
GRAPES—Cral»« 4flc4t$l: -mall -axes. 409
«0c: open boxes. t&gf5c
CITRU3 FRUITS— Oranges. Navets. «1C2 p-r
box;- Seedlings. T.".c<i?l: Tangeriaes. 73c for
small and $1«1 25 for Urge box**: ~5apanes»
Mandarins. $1«*1 25 per bcx: Lemon*. $i -JOS
for fancy. $1 75©2 25 .• f or choice and Jiai i»>
for standards: Grape Fruit. $1 731T2 3O: Mexi
can Limes, *4.per case; Bananas, $2^3 per
bunch fcr Central American and $1®2 for Ha
waiian; Pineapples. Jl 50_3 per dcren.
I>rled Fruits. Nuts. Raisins. Honey.
FRUITS — Apriccts. sglO4c for Royals and
!>H^12c for Moorparks: Nectarine* 6U#74c
for White and €4©7e for Red; Peaches. 7**O
R^ic per lb: Peara. 7S12e; Plums, pitted, e©
64c for blacks. "468^0 for red and 7SS4c
for yellow; F1a~. S-«rown brick*. 5Qr: 3-crown.
Me; 4-trown. CCc; S-crown. «5c: bulk white.
2Si<?3c: black 24854c; Evaporated Apples.
4Ufi«54c per ib.
PRUNES— l*,©l=ic per lb for the four sizes
and 24\: basis for th« Urge sizes.
RAISINS— 1904 crop f. o. b. Frtsao—Im
perial clustfrs. *2 25«2*0; Dehesa. $130^133;
London Layer?. 90c9Jl 10; Loess Muscatels. 4
crown. 5S3^;e; S-erowa. 44c; 2-crown.-3UO
354c: Seeded. 4»»©«Vic: Thompson's S«edle3».
4%i_44c: Seedless Sultanas. 3g3c per lb.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softsheU. 12813c; No.
2, lC«llc; No. I hardshell. 12c; No. 2. 10c:
AlmcnJji, lOfilTc for Nonpareils. 14©144c *or
I X L. UUSHV fcr Ne flu* Ultra aod l»c for
Languedcc; Peanutsi. f©7c fcr Eastern: Pe
cans, lie;3c; Cocoanuts. $4 5CS5: Chestnut*.
SfiOe per !b for Italian. „
HONET— Comb U4«13c for white and 100
lie for amber; water white extracted. 54titc:
light amber extracted. 5«54c; dark. 3^44c.
BEES WAX— 27629c per lb.
There is nothing further new to report In
this market. ■
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 104c rer lb for
heavy. 104c for light medium. 13c for light.
14: for extra Itsht ai>d 144c for sugar-cured:
dry Salt Sides. 10c; Bellies, lie: Eastern su
gar-cured Hams. 12 to 14 It*. 124c: 15 to
16 lbs 12e: 17 to 2O lbs, lt«ic: CaliSornta
Hams," lieic: Me»« Beef_ $10^10 50 per bbl:
extra. Mess, *10 30*>U; Family. $12312 50;
prime lle« Pork. $14 50; extra clear. $22;
Mesa, $18 50; Pie Pork. $25; Pigs' Feet. *5;
Smoked Beef, 14c per Ib. f
LARD — Tlefces quoted at 64c per lb for
California compound. 7c for Eastern compound
and 9c for juire; half-barrels, pure. 9»-ic: 10
lb tins. 8%ic: 6-Ib tlaa. 9 T -ic: 3-lb tins. 10c.
COTTeLENE— One half barrel. SHc; three
half barrels. 84c: one tirrce, 3%c; two tierces,
8V4c; five ti»rce.». g^c per lb.
Hides. Tallow. Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Cull* and brands sell
strut >4<?lc under quotations. Heavy saHed
Steers, lie; medium. 10c; light. »4810c: Cow
Hides. 94610c for heavy and &4610c for
light; Stags. 7074c: Salted Kip. 104c: Salted
VeaL ll_114c: Salted Calf. 1146124c; dry
Hides. 17*©lSc; dry Kip. 15c; dry Calf. 2Oc:
Sheepskin*, shearlings. 25640c each: short
Wool. 5O_75c each; medium. 90c6$l 10: long
Wool, $1 2561 75; Horse Hides, salt. $3 for
large and $2 50 fcr medium. $1 5032 for small
and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 fsr
large and $1 50 fcr medium, 11 for small. 50c
for Colt*. Buck Skin* — Dry Mexican. 30c; dry
salted Mexican. 25c; dry Central - American.
30c; Goat Skins — Prime Angoras, 75c; extra
lacge do. $1 25; large, 50c; medium. 35c;
small 20c. -. \
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4644c per lb:
No. 2. 34c: Grease. 2463c.
WOOL — Fall cllj>— San Joaquln and South
ern. 9@llc; Southern, $99c; Southern Moun
tain. 9611c: Middle Counties, free, 12614c:
do defective, 10_12c; Northern free. 12814c:
do .defective. 10#12c: Humboldt and Mendo
cino. 1631£c per lb.
HOPS— 1904 crop. 25630c per lb; 1905 crop.
20c
Meat Market. *'
No further change in quotations Is reported.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: .
BEEF— 66 7c for Steers and 4466c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large. 6460c: small. 8©8c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7SSc; Ewea. 646"4c
per . !b.
LAMB— S46fl4c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 64684c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock delivered In San Francisco, less 40@
45 t-er cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 7t;@"4c: cows and Heif
ers, 54604c: thin Cow*. 455c per lb.
CALVES — Ig44e per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP — Wethers. 3'-Q3\c: Ewes. 3@3Uc
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— $2 5062 75 per head.
HOGS — Live Hogs. 200 to 250 lb*. 4»,St';c;
130 to 200 lbs. 5fi5i«c; 80 to 130 Iba. 4Sg4hc;
eoft H'>*s. not wanted: Sows. 30 per cent oC:
Boarq, 5O per cent off, and Stags, 40 per cent
eff from above quotations.
General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain Bags. -4c *pot" and 60 for
next year; Wool Bag*. 30@32c; Fleece Twine.
74c.
COAL— Wellington. $S p«r ton; New Wel
lington. $5: Seattle. $6 50; Bryant. $6 So-
Beaver Hill. $5 50; Roslyn. $7; Coos Bay
$5 50; Richmond. $S; Cumberland. $13 In bulk
and $14 25 In sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite
Egg. $14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh
Lump. $11 50; Cannel, $9 per ton; Coke. $11 50
613 per ton in bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriotlons, $8 50 per «hort ton.
OILS — Quotation* are for barrels; for
cases add &c; Linseed. S5c per gal
lon for boiled and 53c for raw;
Castor Oil. In case*. No. 1. 70c:
Bakers' AA. case*. $1 1061 12; Lueol.
50c for boiled and 4Sc for raw;
China Nut. cases. 65680c per gallon: Cocoanut
Oil, in barrels. 5Sc for Ceylon and 55c for
Australian: extra, bleached winter Sperm Oil.
6Sc; natural winter Sperm Oil. 63c; extra
bleached winter Whale Oil. 57e; natural Whale
Oil. &2e; extra winter strained Lard Oil, 75c;
No. 1 Lard Oil. 65c: pure Xeatafoot Oil. 73c;
No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil. 63c: light Herring Oil.
42c: dark Herring Oil. 40c: Salmon Oil, 34c:
boiled Fish Oil. 37c; raw Fish Oil. 85c; boiled
Paint Oil. 33c; raw Paint Oil. 31c.
COAL OrL— Water White Coal .Oil In bulk.
13c; Pearl Oil. in cases. 194c; Astral. 194e;
Star. 194c: Extra Star, 224c; El_lne. 26c;
Eocene. 214c: Deodorized Store Gasoline. In
bulk, 16c: in cases. 224c; Benzine, In bulk.
13c; in cases. 194c; 86-degre« Gasoline. In
bulk. 25c: In cases, 31c.
TURPENTINE — 75c per gallon In case* and
C9c in drum* and Iron barrel*.
RED AND WHITE LEAD--Red Lead. 7UO
7£c per lb; White Lead. 7Vi©7%c. according
to quantity.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per Ib, tn 100-Ib bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 6.25c:
Powdered. 6.10c; Candy Granulated. _10c: Dry
Granulated, fine. 6c; Dry Granulated, ee&rse.
6c: Fruit Granulated. 6c: Beet Granulated
<1PO-Ib bags only). -5.90c: Confectioners* A, 6c;
Magnolia A. 5.«0c; Extra C. K.50c: Golden C.
5.40c: "D." 3.30c: barrels. 10c more: half
barrels. 25c more; boxes. 50c more: 59-Ib bags,
10c more for all kinds. Tablet* — Hilf Barrels.
6.50c; boxes, 6.75c; H. _ E. Crystal Domlne*.
9c per lb. No orders taken for les* than «•»
enty-five barrel* or Its equivalent.
Receipts of Prodnce. .
FOR WEDNESDAY. DECEMBER T.
Flour cr *k«... «. 4701 Alfalfa. *ka 22
Wheat, ctl» 3.1f4'BucJcwheat. sks.. 1,722
Barley ctls 10.24R|Hay. tons Ml
Oat? ctls 1.001 .Straw, ton* 33
Corn, ■• ctls 25:Hopa. bale* 53
Rye. ctls 3»5]H!de«. No JM7
Tallow, ctla .... 202;Pelts. bdl* 790
Sugar ctl* L3«0'L#ather rolls ...■ ««
Beans', sks 4.4*4<Llm# bbl* 3M
Potatoes ska ... 2,<U3jPaper. rolls 157
Onions. »k* lOTBrandy. gals .... 7.700
Bran, aks .. .v\VWl»*. irals 49.JOO
Mlddllnrs. sks .. lS^'Chlcory. bbl* ... 4*>
Feed, sks SOjWool, balea ...... -■ 24
- . OREGON. ' ' .
Potatoe*. sks ... UJ2V . • .
WASHINtJTOV.
Flour. Qr B_»...15.27S|FUx«ee_. aks ... 1.4»
Oats, ctls 3.919>
HA FTER _C.
Wheat, ctls 450j
STOCK 3f ARKETT.
All Classes of Stocks Quiet and Fea
tnreles?.
Yesterday was a quiet and uninteresting
day on the local exchanges. There were no j
fluctuations of Importance on the Bend Ex- '
change. The oil stocks continued quiet. In
mining- stocks the Comstocxs . were weak, but 1
there -was Increased activity In the Tonopahs j
In the afternoon. <
The" Presidio and Ferries Railroad Company \
haa declared a regular monthly dividend of 20 ;
cents per share and an extra dividend of 10 j
cents per share. Both are payable Decem- I
ber 15. The company will redeem by lot Jan
nary 15 bonds Nos. 5. 12, 23, n, 78. Mtt io«. '
120. 122. 144 and 149, and Interest th'er«cn
will ceare en that date.
-The San Francisco Oil Company haa levied
an assessment of 3 ': cents, delinquent Jan- <
uary 1. and the San 'Luis Orchard Company !
one of |1. December 20.
An assessment of $3 per chare was d*~ <
llnquent yesterday on the capital stock of th« !
£_n Luis Gas and Electric Company ' i
T_e Californta-etreet Cable Railroad Can- !
pany will pay a regular monthly dividend of 1
75 cents per share December 14. ,
The Port Costa "Water Company will pay a
regular monthly dividend of 30 cents per _nn» !
December 15.
The Calumet and Arizona' Mining Cbrap«ny
has declared a regular dividend of (1 So per
share and an extra dividend of ' SO cents per
share, both payable Jan—try 19:
Chutes Company on December 5 paid the
regular monthly dividend .of 5 cents per
share va the capital stock' of the company
amounting to $.10,0CO.
The Etc Plantation Company has ' de
clared an extra dividend of 20 rents per share.
la addition to - th« regular monthly dividend
of 10 cents per share.
. Tbe Mammoth Mining Company of Utah
has declared a monthly dividend of 5 per
AUCTION SALES
r— < 8 _ ?— ** **> A E V—*
r\_/_v Z3.t\L*j__«3
BY ORDKR C? COURT AT PRIVATE! SALE.
STAULE BUSINESS IX SAN FRANCISCO.
Green Vails/ Stab e, 833 Mission St.
Prciwxty of E*Wt«? of James Hurat. deceased,
includlajr Jc<x>d will, hoxses. carriages, baraes*.
etc. About ftve years' lex*- on favorahte
tenca. Cae of the largest and N»st paying
properties In the. stable busirj as in Saa Fran-
cisco. Must be soU at cnoe to c!o«« estate.
Bids must be in writing ar.J may be mailM
to or left with the undi-rsis— f<l attorney fcr
futaf.- BMs will be opened IV«. 2<>. l»4-
Property cow »'.*bjp<-t to ii_r>ectton on prem-
i*e*. Fcr further particulars write to tb«
undersigned. J. J- DWTER,
Attorney for Administratrix of Estate of
James Hurst, deceased. Mills Buildias. Saa
Francisco .7 ■ -..
fcv AUCTION £a
60 Horses
.. ■•■"-. ■-.-.-' ■
On THURSDAY. December &.-.
At 11 o'clock, at
INTERNATIONAL HORSE MARKET,
Twelfth and Harrijon *ts-.
I will sell «0 head of RANGE HORSES.
weighing from 9vo to 11C0, from 5 .to 7 ye«r*
old. If you want nound young horses at your
own prices be sure and atiead this sale, aa
they must aad will be -sold.
* WATKIXS. Auctioneer.
cent, amounting to $2O.CCO. on th« capital
stock, iayabl« l>cemb«;r 15."
The American Can ('onapaay has declared -
regular quarterly dividend of l l 4 P*T e«BU
payable January 1. . "• - ■• x .~^
The following seven members of the Jsaa
Francisco and Tcnopah Mining Exchange hav«
left that institution and were yesterday elect
ed members of the San Francisco Stock and
Exchange Board: Joseph B. Toplits. Frank
R. Lewis. Nat. Boas. R. L. Cheney. C. C
Hudeon T. O. Chamberlain and L. V. Starr.
The dividend of «O per ehare recently de
clared by the Bcston and Montana aiming
Company, amounting to $7.5w.COt). will b»
paid chieflv Into the Amalgamated Copper
Cornpany"s treasury- It Is stated by some au
thorities that this dividend, except so far a*
the minority holders of a few thousand snar«»
of Beaten and Montana are concerned. i» only
a matter of bookkeeping, and is presumably
the same money that la now loaned by Amal
gamated directors to the Amalgamated com
pany.
STOCK AN'D BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY. Dec. "—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. A s'i. I Bid. Ak.
4s or coup..l0fi*,106V4s <jr cp new.131 131Vi
4s qr reg...lO5SlC5 T v_i qr coup. .. 1044105
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS
Ala A W 5s. — — iOak T Co 6s.I20 —
Asso Oil 5». 824 KH] Do 5s 113 —
Bay CPC 5s.lCl Wl I Do con .T3.loa4i'>*
Cal C G 5s. — 103 i Oceanic 3 oa. — SO
Cal G _ E g ;Om Cable «s. — 121
m _ ct 5s. 344 «5 IPac G Im 4s. — —
Cal-st C 5s.ll4 — IP E Ry 5a_1*M»4 —
C C Wat 5s. — • «> .P 4 C H C.m —
EdL - P 6*. — 120 iP _ O R <£». — •■— . -
F _ C H 6S.U4U — ' Powe "- M _S s - — ., ""
Gearv-st 5s. 75 — ISac EG&R.'ta.lCO** _
H CAS 54,. 105 - ISF ft SJV5s.113V.tW4
Do 5s lOOT, — iSlerra R 6s. — —
Hon R T <»■.«**■ — iS P of A 6s
L A Elec 0-1C3 — I m«» 10» —
L A Ry 5S..116S117 I <19lO> 1101,110^
L A LCo 6s — . — IS P of C Cs
Do gtd «*. — — i naestar a.ioi ini4
Do gtd 5a.lO24 — t (19C5)Sr B. — 1034
LAP lcm 5s.l<*>% — I nOftfi) ]n4\ —
Mkt-st C «s.Il« — f M912) 114\» —
Do lcm 5».U«% — !SPC 1 eg 5s — —
MVft Mt~T>s.l<W 110 ! Do «tarai-d.lf>« 108S
NRR of OB».106U — IS P B R 6*>.134% —
Do 5« ll!>> t 119%'S V Wat 6a.l»>4% —
N P C R Ss.1034 — I Do 4s 2dm. WO —
N C Ry 5».. — — I Do 4s 3dn. «9 —
K C P C Si - — I Do g mt*4» 97Vi —
N S R R 5»- — »7 IStkn r,&TS*. «« —
OG L*H Ss. — 110 >U O ft F .1«.1P24 —
O W gtd 5s. — 100 PUR of SF 4s. — —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 23 "l^'Port Costa... — —
Marin Co.... — W T »S V Wat Co. 3»Vi —
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP. 3*4 4 ;S F G ft E. 55% 5«
Mutual EL. — ll'^'Stkn G ft E. — »4>
Pac L Co... — 60i» ?U G A/_ Co. — —
Flrem's Fnd.310 — !
BANK STOCKS.
Am Xtl B_.. — 120 JL P ft A 132 -—
Aoglo-Cal .. — 90 TMer Treat.... — S30
Bank of Cal.420 — IMerch Ex.... 50 —
Cal Safe Dp.152 — iS F National — -^
First Natlonl *- — !
5AVIXG3 BANK3.
Ger S ft L.233O — fSav ft L So. . — 1««
Hum 3 ft L. — — ISec Sav Bk.. — 424
Mutual Sa~. — 100 I Union T Co. — ZSuO
S F Sav U.610 673 I
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 2<i0 ]Pr*«ldlo — 41
Geary — 40 ,
POWDER.
Giant «2 e34>Vlgortt S 4%
SUGAR.
Hawaiian C. 73U 74%rMa.aweli C. 32% .1-1
Honokaa 3 C 17H 174'Onomea S C. — 33^4
Hutch S P C 14% 15 iPaauhau 3 C 2f>% 20%
Kilauea S C. 5 7 1
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. 88 «>'.U' Oceanic S Co. « • «\»
Cal F C A. — ft»4!Pac Au_ FA. *4 —
Cal Wlnt A. 76 — IPae C Borx.157 —
MV& MtTtn. 95 102 tPac S Tel Co.10* IM
c AT T~l
IX'Ji ulfig Sewslon.
Board —
49 Alaska Paekers' Association... M 80
65 Bask of California 420 00
25 Makawell S3 0»
50 Oceanic S 8 Co S 60
375 Oceanic 8 S Co 6 0»
10 Paauhan 3 P Co 20 50
.$5,000 Sacramento El Gas ft TS.T 5s. 101 50
$9,000 United R R ©f S F 4 per cent. 97 «:-',
f 17.000 S P Cal 1st con 6s (stamped). 108 U>,
Street —
50 Anglo-Californlan Bank M OO
$5,000 Sacramento El Gas A Ry 3a.. 101 50
Afternoon Se*slon. .
Board—
83 Alaska Packers' Associa.tlon.. . ?« 25
10 Alaska Packers' Association. . . •« IC'-i
5 California Wins Asnoeiatton. .. THW
15 Hawaiian Coml ft Sugar 73 50
120 Hntcninson S P Co 14 «T4
30 Oceanic S 9 Co 6 JU>
25 Paauhau S P Co 2O 50
25 S F Gas ft Electric 55 50
2008 ? Gas ft Electric, b 80 5« f O
13o Spring YalW Water Co 59 25
$6.ono Sacramento El Gas A Ry 5a.. 101 59
$11,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. 87 «2H
Street—
6O Oceanic 8 S Co 6 ©»
$6,000 United R R of 8 F 4 per cent. §7 «4
Unlisted SecnriUes.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask.]. Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC to. — 1004SF ft NP 5..1124 —
B L Wat 6s. — 1144-S P C R 4s. — 1(TI
Cal NW 5«.. — 114 |H P Co 44s. 99%100V>
M C Wat Ss.100 — (Sun T»l «> ..1144 —
RIs I WksSs — 105 I Do 5s If* —
ST Drd_ 5s. 112. — |Suttr-st RSa.104 —
MISCEI.LANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... 234 25 |Gas, Con A.. — 2«
Amir Bi« Co — 9O lLonft SF Bk. — M
Cal Cot Mils 80 — I Mat Nav Co. 79 —
Cal GAECor. 50 51 Nev Nat Bk.200 207*4
C Jockey CU10 - X C»l P (X - 9«
Cal Powder.. 130 145 Oak Bk Sar.l2O _-?
Cal Shlo Co. — 21 tOak T Con. 75 —
Cal T I"* T — 155 IIOOF Hall A 64 —
Cen Bk. Oak «O 674iOrpheura Co. — 1<JU
Chnte« Co .. 5 « IPacC Cas Co.l2T> —
City * C Bk — 120 in»o Sur Co.105 —
Cyp L Imp. 6 «41Parnf Taint.. ."» —
East Dynm. . — 375 tS F Drydocfc — <O
DntPwd rfd. 76 90 |SFA?J Coal. 174 20
Do com ."- 4* — IS J Wat C0.W34 _
FN Bk. O«k.l20 — i*O ft MT*bt.I» —
Fischer Thtr — 1_IS— _*-A Bk..l2O _•
Frnch-A Fk.ir« — ITrurk Ele«n.. — 12%
Hobo P Co.. »„ »1«4.UR InC pfd. «7 «f
Do pool --,23 31 I Do com ..17 —
California Stock and on Exchans^-
Oll Stock* — Bid. Aaksd.
Apollo 35
A»«J Oil Co Stock Trust Cert 24 ....
California-Standard Id
Caribou 7 00
Home 42 4-1
Imperial 18 5O
Indep«ndence 33 .*»
Junction 2f> 21
Kern 4 ,V>
Kern (new) *»
Kern Rtver ••• 12 <*»
Mnnarch^of Art»on* 2O *>
Occidental of Vk Va 0< fi»
Oil City PetTeleom 64 63
Section Seven '-. i 00
Ste^jn/" . . ' '- : '- 1 '.7r."Y.l'.;'.'. I 75 2 V
Tw^Jty-elxbt : .V:Vi".*."tl '. '. '. ' '. '■ 12 0O ISM
Wolvfin* 74
Mi««aaT«ecu— /
Ai>sd Oil -rt* Boida. '........ $4 50 Moo
3850 Associated Oil <b 3> M '
Continued on Pace Fourteen.
1516
PLAN TO SEGREGATE MINERAL
CLAIMS AND PROTECT MINERS
Belcher Points Way
to Gain Big
Advantages.
Lawson Recom
mends Geological
Map for State.
A matter of general concern to the
ruiners of tl.» Ui»itpd States wan
brought yorftcrddy before the conven
tion of tho CRlilornia Miners' Associa
tion by means pf a pai>er prepared by
E. A. Bok-ln-r. in which the mineral
land laws were discussed.
"A Fedcrai commission," reported
Mr. Beirh.tr, yhas in charge the re
vision of the statutes of the United
States that provide for the sale of
publh- lands. It has already prepared
its report upon the pre-emption and
homestead laws and is now ready to
take un the statutes relating to the
public mineral lands. The commission
will welcome- any aid. I have thought
that tht: attention of the California
Miner*' Association ought to be drawn
.to tho matter, hj that it may take such
•iction as it may deem proper."
I Mr. Bdcfter had already taken pains
; to advisi-. Ciii\>rd Pinchot, secretary
of the Commission on Public L;tnds,
<of his views and had been thanked by
Professor J J imhjt. who expressed the
view that by (such action Belcher had
iriade "an *-ju.ecding!y valuable addi
tion to the datn which the Commission
i>n Public I^ands is collecting."
I Mr. He'eher wrote to the convention
»f California miners that one of the
suggestions h« offered was new, and
"if carried into effect it will sub
stantially accomplish the segregation
of the mineral lands so far as may be
done without tho aid of a geological
commission in the field. It will do
away with th? spoliation of unpatent
<1 landt <• tvered by mining locations.
It will juormplish a great part of the
ffood intended to be accomplished by
the "mineral lands bill," toward which
there was such active hostility that it
could not he enacted into a statute."
Mr. Belcher proposes to do away with
much confusing procedure now re
quired in filing claims by revising cer
tain laws and creating new ones. These
laws should also be framed with a view
to doing away with the perplexing "lo
cal rules aivd regulations of miners."
The mineral lands bill was once a
favorite measure of the California
Miners' Association. The delegates
therefore listened with much attention
to what Mr. Belcher had to say. He
proposed a new method of recording
mining locations and said that if the
suggestion could be embodied in legis
lation it would furnish a greater safe
iruard than the miners have had. He
said:
"It will connect their locations with
the paramount source of title. the
General Government, hitherto impos
sible under th.3 system of recording in
use. and # thus frive notice to the Gen
eral Government that the land is
claimed as mineral. A mining location
eo recorded would prevent the selec
tion or location of the land oinder other
laws without the knowledge of the
miner. It would give the honest miner
what he has not had. It would pre
vent the spoliation of his mine by oth
ers without notice to him."
SIGGKSTS MEASURES.
SusrpeptionF v.ere offered by Mr.
Belcher as follows:
1— The extralateral right should be utterly
abolished. It is a thing of evil. Within my
reading no one statutory provision has been
fo productive of endless and costly litigation
ar this. No mine owner can Bay with as
surance that hi« title is quieted for all tim*.
At any stag" some new development may start
i new suit : at any depth h!« vein may Inter
sect another and be lost to him if he chances
to be the Junior locator; at any point his vein
Is liable to develop into a complex fissure and
ln\-olvt h:m in endless controversy over the
do'trtn? cf underlay and connecting veins.
2 — The niW for iwrfectlng a mining location
n-tjulre radical Hianges: nevertheless, changes
•should h* advise ily f-onrtdered so as not to
handicap too severely the honest miner.
3 — The new KeJeral law should be compre
hensive. It should provide for a record In the
land offlcr and ehctild provide, negatively, that
no other r*rord be required. That, so far as
coiwt mines not patented, would do away
with the reoord of the County Recorder and
the rc-eoro of the local raining district and
t**»ir accompanying expenses and dangerous
uncertainties. Fueh provision, of course, would
rot **» retroactive, it would apply to future
condition? and would not disturb the chain
ef any title already initiated.
The proposed lejrisl.-uion should. «l«o, Jn ex
act terms, do away with that continuing aourc*
cf Ir.nnii*- |x*rr>les:Uy. the local rules «nd r*xu
lation? of miners. The tenth censun report
contains 'Tan nee King's compilation of the
local rules and regulation* of miners, but it
«loes not oont&Jn all of them, for many exist
only in tradition and can b* :>roved only
through thut dangerous njedlum— parole. A.
matter «o Imjior'snt as a rule that is to af
fect conduct I'Ujht not tS be teft to parole.
Besides. th*-rr is no cood reason why there
rhoulo not be uniformity of procedure. The
naoMrtly far uniformity of procedure 1* daily
t***>minfr more— and more exigent In ail af
fairs, particularly those of a legal nature. The
propowd new *y-Km. then-fore, should be a
complete sy»;t*m »nd it should be exclusive If
a mine is worth working, it is worth patent-
Ing.
The Chance of a Lifetime!
Worth 0!
Wagons, Carriages and
50c on the Dollar
One of the large wholesale houses of this city'is RoinV out of -
the wagon and carriage business and they have -sold, their, stock' to
us at a phenomenally, low price. The stock comprises a. complete line
-of standard wagons, carriages and buggies and we are -'going -to 'sell
them as stated for
150 Cents on the Dollar
They must be sold quickly
Corn c end set '. first choice :
SPIRO HARNESS AND WAGON COMPANY
307-309; MARKET STREET
Mr. Belcher reviewed existing condi
tions. He said that the Congressional
Philippines mining act of 1902. the
latest legislation on the subject of ex
tralateral rights, provides for a claim
1000x1000 feet and within the boundary
lines of which, continued vertically
downward on every side, the locator is
entitled to all the minerals.- Belcher
was of the opinion that there was no
sound objection to vertical planes for
boundaries. Continuing, he. said:
It Hi easily perceivable that If a ledge should
chance to run beyond the vertical planes of the
boundaries at • a depth still ■ permitting work,
then, as the only discovery possible would be
by the own*r at the place of crossing, he could
make a side location based on his own dis
covery at the i>lace of crossing >and protect
himself. His would be the only valid location
as being the only location founded' upon dis
covery. In almost any contingency the owner
of the criminal location would be in a situation
to protect himsplf against the "jumper." *>e
cause the "•jumper" could make no discovery
upon which to found a valid location of the
ground lying- to the side of the original loca
catlon Into which the ledge projects on its dip
after crossing the vertical boundary of the
original location. The only possibility of any
trr.uhl* accruing to the owner of the original
location, where the ledge crosses his boun
dary and he desires to continue to work It.
would be where a side location embraced an
apex of Its own from which to the lod-? of the
original location there might, at the depth of
the boundary crossing, be a crosscut. But such
a contingency would be provided against by
Riving to the owner of 'the original location
the right to make a side location calculated to
embrace the dip of his original ledge at any
feasible depth. Ordinarily, however,, within
tne perpendicular planes of the location the
vein could be worked as deep as would be' de
sired cr as practicable.
Speaking ti the conditions that have
attended tji\r patenting of mines and
the making of mining locations,
Bplcher said in part:
Save in the occasional ' Instances where
patents to mines have been obtained, as com
pared with the vast number of mining -loca
tions In which iso land-office proceedings look
ing to i.atent have been taken, there is ;no
definitive eegregatlor of mineral lands from
agricultural. The fault is that of the system.
In no other land than, ours would such a
system be tolerated. Under the Federal • law
the mrre location, together with the required
expenditure for labor and Improvement, gives
permissive title for an Indefinite period— that
Is. it is supposed to do so. The statute does
not compel the locator to procure a patent;
It doe? net ever, require him to record his
location. Only State or mining-district laws
require a record. -.;..,.. .
METHOD IS FAULTY.
As a consequence, under the Federal law
unless proceedings to obtain a patent are in
itiated, there is nothing to connect the rain
ing location with the land office— the place
provided by law for disposition of the pub
lie lands. In the absence of an application
i«r patent no one can know anything about
a hiininB location save the locator, those'whom
he 'has informed, those who may chancer to be
on the ground and see the stakes, and these
who arc constructively informed, by the record
of the location !n the office. of 1 he ' recorder
of the . mining" district ! of the office of the
County Recorder. ': «\" -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALli; THURSDAY, "DECEMBER 8, 1004.
Such record is supposed to give construc
tive notice, but its capacity in that direction
is limited. Confessedly, it is no notice at all
to the paramcunt proprietor — the United
States. The United States knows of nothing
relating to its public domain, the £«peclflc
grants of the Congress excepted, save such
matters as, under its laws for the disposal of
the public- domain. appear In the United
States land offices where the public domain Is
sold. The land office Is for the General Gov
ernment the recording office. It knows what
Is there of record, but it does not know what
is of record In the offices of mini,ng record
ers or the offlces of county "reorders, and
does not and. In the nature of things, can
not take any constructive notice therefrom.
As it is the owner of the land It cannot
take notice of j anything affecting ' the title
save what Is of -record in the place it has
provided for that specific purpose. The lawa
of mining districts and of some of the State
jequire a record of mining locations, but the
reason for requiring a mining location to be
recorded in a local office antedating the enact
ment of the Federal mining law long since
lost Its. force because Federal surveys *of the
public lands have since been widely extend
ed. General- withdrawals of wide regions sup
posedly mineral in character, such as the
withdrawals In accordance with the report of
J. Ross Browne in the seventies, have been
set asiJe ab contacting with the policy of the
Government for the disposition of the public
domain as a means, of increasing the na
tional wealth and resources, and because the
real policy of the Government, notwithstand
ing the imperfect provisions of the law. Is
that the m:neral lands shall be sold as such
and not reserved as such. .'/'.-.
Strange complications have occurred.
Mr. Belcher gave specific instances. In
a general way the following presenta
tion was made:
In Instances known mineral lands have been
returned as »uch by the deputy agricultural
surveyors In tbe field and platted as of that
character: but otherwise than as they are so
platted from casual examination or informa
tion, and otherwise than as serregated by
deputy United < States mineral surverors in
patent proceedings, the Government maps give
no informstlort es to what are mineral lands
Some of the best mines have been discovered
upon lands surveyed, returned and platted an
being agricultural in character. .
In places, nubile lands returned as agricult
ural In character, or at least a» not mineral,
are In fact covered by mining locations, duly
recorded under local rules, of which the
United States land offloes have no knowledge.
This condition of fact I* not merely bad: It
is shocklne- It I* time the law was changed.
Yet any chance that would put too severe a
burden upon the hardy prcspector and honesc
miner would fall short of attaining the object
The present system does not protect the hon
est miner. Where the land In which his mine
Is situated has .been returned as agricultural,
unless he initiates patent proceedings, he is at
the mercy of the scrlpper. the purchaser from
th» gtate under school selections and even from
purchasers under the timber and stone acts.
WOULD RECORD CLAIMS.
_In* reference to recording mining lo
cations Mr. Belcher expressed his views
as follows: ■/■.-, \ _';;,>
The Federal statute should require mining
locations to be recorded In and noted .upon
the records of the United States land offices.
Such a system would end many of the miners
troubles, because it would connect his location
with the paramount: source of title Such a
system would prevent any disposition of. the
land covered by a mining location without
notice to the miner. A general mineral affi
davit that certain land is mineral in character
is of no practical efficacy, as has been clearly
shown, because a notice to disprove mineral,
published in some obscure newspaper, might
never be Been by the miner.
His mine is frequently far removed from any.
pohtofflce arid his means of information as: to
what in going on in the outside world scanty.
Frequently he takes no paper. Sometimes ■ he
cannot read, but he would understand a sumr'
mons served upon him personally. His loca
tion so recorded, would Import I certainly,
would require, a personal , service, upon him of
any • Drocess affecting .the title to his claim,
and thus he" would be given his day. In court.
Where the location should be. of a placer It
would ■ conform to : legal subdivisions and be
readily noted- on .the Dlat books, but -where
It should- be of a Jode claim. It ■ would require
a survey in the first instance to establish • re
lation to eubdivlslonal line*, no as to make. a
proper segregation . from contiguous non-mln
erar lands. In the land office It would be
merely a matter of bookkeeping. " . ■ .
• There ; are other feasible means of > segre
gating, the public mineral lands.. By -the sys-.
tern of -recording proposed they would ; beJssg
regated, .and- the land office, the only place
provided by law for the disposition - of £ the
public lands, wouid have precise and first hand
knowledge of the .status of the lands > subject
to sale. In Mexico and British 'Columbia noth
ing Is left to chance as here. An official seg
regation • of each mining . location is • made at
the outset, j . ■-. ' '•' :
By : the' system proposed .the ' plats' of," the
deputy surveyor of the < district and
of the land office would always .agree, and
conflicting locations, now so easy to, make and
so 'fruitful of litigation or blackmail, would
not - be. . permitted without : a showing ; under
oath, nor unless It should appear that the con
flicting = party had eome substantial litlgable
interest not - merely negligible. , . -.
.. Doubtless this procedure - would '■ reduce I the
number of locations recorded,- but It. would
have a tendency .to- make prospecting more
thorough and extensive, 'as Is the case. In Can*
ada and- Mexico. The. statute could provide
that a miner should: (lave •. a .definite time
after discovery within which to make 'and file
his location. v
The. law should also, require a locator to
procure a patent within a specified period,^ say
within • five • years " after ' recording ■< the • location
in the land office. -If a mine is worth work
ing, it is worth patenting, and there Is- no rea
son why the - owner., of a' mine £ should not be
required to; get a patent while the owner of
a farm 1*. The period of five years - is sug
geBted by analogy to the homestead law. -•* ;;. - :"
Papers of •< Interest j were read -by
George W. , Kimble, ; Dr: ,<. Harry .*>East
Miller, and • Professor ■ Lawson of. ; the
MEN WHO ADDRESSED STATE
CONVENTION OF CALIFORNIA
MINERS" ASSOCIATION
University of California. The last
named suggested that a State geolog
ical map is '; necessary, and that the
University of California is equipped to
make such map' and ? the preliminary
survey. A resolution on the subject was
referred to the committee on resolu
tions. :■•*- .
The constitution and by-laws of the
association were amended, principally
in the matter of dues, and a rule estab
lished that hereafter all who apply for
admission to the society shall be con
sidered by a committee appointed for
that purpose. There was considerable
discussion over a provision making the
annual dues of a member of the-asso
ciation $5 instead of $1. The $5 provi
sion was adopted as reported by the
revision committee. This was the first
discussion of the convention. Incident
ally the share that San Francisco mer
chants have taken in sustaining the
association was brought up, and sev
eral members credited San Francisco
with being liberal in the premises. The
fixing of a new rate of dues does not
interfere in any way with the county
organizations of miners, who continue
to fix their dues and elect their dele
gates to the State convention, as be
fore. The dues established are as fol
lows, for others than individuals: Min
ing companies, $25: 'mercantile and man
ufacturing firms in San Francisco and
Los r Angeles connected „ with mining,
$50; mercantile and "manufacturing
firms, in San Francisco and Los An
geles not connected . with mining but
friendly to it,. $25;: firms outside of Los
Angeles and San '. Francisco,' $25.
A. A". Tregldgo-.told of his experiences
in the Klondike. '
Professor Christy corrected a state
ment that, had .been, attributed to him
in relation to the area of deep water in
the San Francisco and San Pablo bays.
His' statement is that' there are 100
square miles in the two bays that have
four fathoms^of water.! The type made
him give the* depth for the described
area . as ;f our , feet, : instead of four
fathoms.
■ Yesterday afternoon the miners vis
ited Selby's smelting plant. The con
vention will, end! to-day. This evening
the delegates will .banquet.
Had Weak I Eyes.
• I am. using .George Mayerle's Eyewater and
find it very good for. red. weak, painful, tired
and 'Watery '.eyes,' .also : floating spots. Wm.
Longhoen, Hobart MI119, CaU- At druggists' or
1071H Market st.V'60c;by.raall, 62c. •
' ; ' ADVERTISEMENTS.
- ■■ . - -. . — ~« _^^_—^^~ , -"!' '' "■'"'" '. '■' ■'
SHPvE -VE & ; COMPANY
POST AND MARKET STS.
' BEAUTIFUL AND MODERATE-PRICED
! CHRISTMAS GIFTS. A LARGER COL-'
LECTION ANT> A GREATER VARIETY
/. ;' v-^K; ; -; ;j /- 4 :••■:. than ever "
THE STORE WILL BE OPEN EVENINGS, FROM
I D ECEMBER^TM TH T O T WE NTT- F OUMTH
GEORGE WRIGHT
FACES CHARGE
Examination of the Former
Deputy Internal Revenue
Before Heacock
MONEY IS HELD OUT
Witnesses Testify That the
Prisoner Accepted the
Payments Tendered Him
. George A. Wright, formerly chief
deputy in the office of John C. Lynch,
Internal Revenue Collector, appeared
before Commissioner Heacock yester
day for preliminary examination on the
charge of embezzlement. His counsel,
Bert Schleslnger, said that he did not
propose to Introduce any evidence on
behalf of his client, but that the Re
vised Statutes recuired that the Gov
ernment must make a r showing. Dis
trict Attorney Woodworth placed Bert
Thomas on the stand., Mr. Thomas tes
tified that on November 3 he learned
that J. H. Lang had paid $25 to the ac
cused, which money had not been
turned in as required by law. The wit
ness . spoke to "Wright about it, and
"Wright acknowledged to him that he
had received the money and used it for
his own purposes. Wright admitted
also, said the witness, that he had con
verted to his own use $100 that had
been paid in by Spruance, Stanley &
Co. $
In reply to a question by Mr. Schles
inger the witness said that after the
discoveries had been made Wright re
placed, the money.
Charles W. Ford of the firm of^Spru
ance, Stanley^' & Co. testified as to the
payment of $100 by him to Wright.
Further testimony will be taken at 10
o'clock this morning.
A Crowded House.
The $35,000 creditors' sale continues to
draw daily large crowds to 762 Market
street. All Baron's fine garments are
golns fast. Hundreds of S20.00 and
$30.00 suits and clpaks have already sold
as low as $3.00 during this sale. The
store will be open evenings. By order of
E. J. Hanson, assignee. •
Will Discuss High License.
San Francisco Prohibition .Alliance
No. 8 will hold its regular monthly
meeting at the Women's Christian
Temperance Union headquarters, 132
McAllister street, this evening at 8
o'clock. A. B. Taynton, State chair
man of the Prohibition party, will
speak on "The* Obstacle of the Recent
Campaign and the Next S^ep For
ward.", and R. E. Blight on "Is High
License a Solution of the Liquor Ques
tion?" All those interested, in high
license are particularly appealed to to
come, as Mr. Blight is aole to show
the utter futility of high license as a
settlement of the liquor question, and
&11 interested in better government for
our city, State and nation a-.c JnviteJ.
Christmas Picture Frames.
■ The prettiest yet are the shapes and
finish of our new frames. Exquisite de
signs in oval, square and odd shapes, fin
ished in dead black, grays and browns,
with the daintiest gold top ornaments;
also many beautiful patterns in gold, gilt
lacquers ar'l r°H b"""»s. Sanborn, v>ll
& Co., 741 Market street. •
Accuses Her Brothcr-in-Law.
Miss Sophie Morris, . 3266 Mission
street, got a warrant from Police
Judge Fritz yesterday for the arrest
of Hugh Hughes, an aged capitalist,
on a charge of battery. She said
Hughes, who is her brother-in-law,
put her in the insane asylum at Ag
new,. but she was discharged in a.
few days. When she returned home
on June 9 she alleges that her broth
er-in-law struck her on the face and
had her sent to the insane ward at the
Central Emergency Hospital, where
she was discharged the following day.
Hughes denies all of Miss Morris'
charges and says that she \s demented.
To Your Advantage.
Don't wait until the last moment if you
desire to select diamonds, watches or
jewelry for holiday presents." Now is the
time to see the full assortment, before
the rush begins. A. Andrews, Diamond
Palace, 221 Montgomery street. • ■
CIAJNJE PROPERTY SOLD.— Judge Corfpy
yesterday confirmed the eale of personal prop
erty of the estate of the late Thomas J. Clunle
for $10,083. Of this amount $12,950 was re
ceived for "CO Bhares of Honokaa Sugar Com.
pany etock.
Will Close To-Day.
Mr. George Mayerle. the optician, will close
his store to-day on account of holiday. Re
open Friday, December 9. at 9 a. m. •
I SERMON BY RABBI MYERS.— Rabbi Isa
dor Myers will deliver a- sermon at the
Keneseth Israel Synagogue. Russ street on
Saturday morning next. The public is cor
dially Invited. * :^" -
: ... Murine Eye Remedy cures sore Eyes.
Makes weak Eyes strong. Murine doesn't
smart; it soothes and quickly cures. ,•
. WANTS CITY TO ACT.— The City Realty
Company has petitioned the Supervisors to ap
propriate $600 for the construction of sewers
in front of city property o n Second, Third and
Sixth avenues-
Some very swell ; catalogues ' come from Ed
ward Knowles Co., printers, 24 Second st. •
PAYS MONEY TO CITY.— The Geary-street
Railway Company yesterday turned over to the
city the sum of $683 83, being 5 per. cent of the
gross ■ receipts .of the road for November.
-" HALETS. f HALE*S.
Hale's Santa Claus Wraps Unusual
Interest Around the Toys To=Day
See this beautiful full-jointed doll at $1.15.
It's' 21" Inches tall, with" the best quality blsc head, sleeping eyes and eurly
hair, dressed In a fancy slip.
£nd here's a doll house at 95c, with a garden.
It's a two-story house with two rooms and two windows. And the garden
has two trees and a nice wall around It. 95c.
And here's a baby cooking set at 45c.
Eight pieces of the best blue enamel. They can be used.
Arid an iron train at 95c.
Engine, tender and three 1% -Inch passenger coaches.
And a kid bodied doll. at 25c.;
Fifteen Inches . tall. . With eyes that open -.and close.
Santa has filled the third floor brim full and running over
with toy interest to-day, and all the rest of the store with Christ-
mas.' And
Santy Will Be on the Fourth Floor From 10 to 12 a. tn. and
He wants the little tots to come and tell him what they want him
to bring them Christmas eve. Remember he isn't giving any candy
away. That's so there will be no uncomfortable crowding and pushing.
One of the prettiest gift hints we Santa ClaUS Contest
have seen came late yesterday. Its a Saturday N j ht
Pretty GlaSS Powder Three more days. Plenty of time
Jar 25c to w ' n $5-°° y et - y° u arc p°der
r , . ~. . , . ,. ... 15 years of age draw a picture
Good size. They look just like of Santa . j ust a3 you j magine
cut glass, and their metal covers are him . Be original. On the same
in the swell dull silver finisii. . papcr write a f OU r-line verse and
They offer an opportunity that is =«. n H it tn runs at T-Tal*»'c
. worth coming quickly to share. SCn f . . . Wales.
\ for they will go quickly as soon as The next winning picture will be
they are seen. 23c printed to-morrow.
— We are arranging all the pictures we
A Hale Glove Order is a splendid nav « received so that you can come
• r. . i , . and see them. We are putting them In a
gift, a worry-remover ; redeemable in c n , a f r i
gloves or merchandise at any of the UlUUS Art Uallery
Hale stores. n the second floor
Just as rapidly as we can. arrang-
N#»W fine RiirhPfc lng them alphabetically, so that if
1>CW UaS DUrncrS you are looking for a particular
cc. :^<.*«^^ Ct «« picture you can find it easily. The
OOC instead OI :?>I.OO. thousands of different and original
An intrnHnrtnrv nrir** tn- ideas we have received are worth
; An introductory price to- coming a long way to see.
—^ day. Splendid burners that
4fT*\ save gas and give a better An All- Linen Da mask
ml Iti «£ S 2 Yards Wide 7Sc Yard
Itl^ floor. 55c. A fine weave, soft, satiny finish.
W^ 8-lncli Welsbach CWmney«. 6c bleached. It's a value typical of
mr — Clear glass. this Hale linen store. Good linens
|j WelBbach Combination Chlm- are good gifts. 75c.
6 Stronj 7 toc 1 a£dl«ceat Mantel. 8c. KaD f n^ r l e . s t ? qu ™ r i *. cl1 ' 9iM 22
62-lnch Table Damask. 50c — A heavy
Free Pyrography, Embroidery and close weave.
Crocheting Classes are being enthusi- jf—~ *gp
astically attended. Join them and you X&jSsp^ygy f^^ /p? *
can make useful gifts right here in the J&&rjffl gj&& 4&
store where no one can guess what you J*W"Z^^i%Z* —
arc doing before Christmas. ~ m^***n 9^^^
SAYS LETC1IER SHOULD -■ •_
BE RETURNED TO OHIO
Attorney General Webb Declares San
Jose Man : Is Really a Fugitive
'■: . From Justice.
1 Attorney General Webb has ren
dered an opinion that George E.
Letcher is a fugitive from Justice. The
requisition of the Governor of Ohio
will be honored and the prisoner will
be sent East under guard unless the
courts order his release on a writ of
habeas corpus, for which his attorneys
will immediately prepare' a petition.
Letcher was arrested recently In
San Jose on the charge of defrauding
an insurance company In Williams
County, Ohio. He began a legal bat
tle against extradition and Governor
Pardee decided to refer the matter to
the Attorney General before taking
action. Letcher avers that he left
Ohio without molestation; that he has
lived openly under his own name in
California, and' that therefore he is
not a "fugitive from Justice.!* The
defendant was a resident of Ohio at
the time of the commission of the
crime and though he was not indicted
before his departure the Attorney
General holds that he is really a fugi
tive from justice and that the extradi
tion papers should be honored.
To Investigate Street Bill*.
The Street Committee yesterday re
ferred to the Finance Committee for
investigation the refusal of, Gray Bros,
to rent their street sweeping machines
to the city because the bills for the
same, aggregating $2812 51, had been
refused payment by the Finance Com
mittee on the alleged ground that the
charges are excessive.
E. Troy called attention to the rails
on the north side of Page street, from
Devisadero to Stanyan, which are not
u&ed by the United Railroads. The
committee decided to formulate a list
of the streets upon which it is alleged
the, company does not use, its tracks.
Fall hats, 1904. Just arrived, nobbier
than ever. Tdm Dillon & Co.. opp Palace.*
In tlie Divorce Court.
Divorces were granted yesterday by
Judge Hebbard to Harriet Jurgenson
from John Jurgenson, cruelty and in
temperance; by Judge Troutt to An
nie Mercer from Samuel Mercer, cru
elty; ' by ; Judge Sloss to Lottie B.
Thompson from Eugene Thompson,
desertion; by Judge Kerrigan to
Charles D. Dean from Nellie Dean, in
temperance; by Judge Graham to An
nie Lewis from Herman Lewis, fail
ure to provide. Suits for divorce were
filed by Charles Horn against Annie
Horn, desertion: Ella Sturm against
Joseph Sturm, desertion.
Take Plso'si Core' for ' Consumption.
It will cure your cough. All druggists. 23c. •
Frenchman Changes Name.
A petition for permission to change
his name was filed In the Superior
Court yesterday by' Darblub Enutroff.
who says that his real name is John
Fortune Boulbard. His father, John
Boulbard. recently died in France and
th»; petitioner says the change is nec
essary in order to settle his property
interests. He explains that his change
of name to the outlandish one he now
seeks to shake was done in "youthful
thoughtlessness." A- glance at his self
made cognomen will show that it Is
an anagram of his own name. Dar-
Mud can be twisted into Bulbard and
Enutroff -spelled backward la "Ffor
tune." ,
New Citations , Are Ready.
District Attorney Byingrton has pre
pared the new/papers citing the Elec
tion Commissioners to appear . before
Judge Lawlor on December 20 to an
swer the accusation of the Grand Jury
charging them- with misfeasance in of
fice. . The new citations are -in the
name of > the people and bear, the seal
of the court. They will be handed to
the Sheriff this morning -to be served
upon 'the Commissioners. The previ
ous citations were declared Irregular
by Judge Lawlor, as they. were not in
the name of the people and did not
bear the seal of the court. ••' ' — .
. CORPORATION.. BUMED.- At an Inquest
■ held yesterday upon tbe body of Thomaa Sura
mervllle. a laborer, who was accidentally elec
trocuted at Stanyan and Frederick streets on
November 23. a Coroner's Jury returned a ver
dict stating that the accident was caused by
lack of proper: safeguards, which should -have
been furnished by the United Railroads. Sum-
menrille was assisting: In taking down a pot'
and the pole fell against a trolley wire. thu.
conveying the current to his body.
g^| PQ |^ \rm m\ ft ft fA f?
InN^Q &| D n m W Q m ItiM
I Jfl fl w M u ■ £j M - Py^jgaiJK Lj
MjJH^2^«|I If PV *^p5frrmi
39 STOCXTOZT ST, 2TBAS MAK2ET.
Telephone Main 5523.
New groods constantly arriving. VTm hav*
a full line of fancy groceries. Tou will
find here everything you need for the com-
lnr holidays.
Thursday, Friday and Saturday Specials
Creamer) Buffer, per square . .3Hc
The usual reliable quality.
Fresh Ranch Eggs, per dozen .... . . 42c
Strictly fancy-
Peialoa Cold Storage Eggs, per doz. 23c
Swiss Cheese, per pound ...:....: 28c
Reg. 35c. Genuine Ementhaler.'
Cofies. Ideal Blend. No. 1, per Ib. - - 20c
Reg. 25c. A good coffee at a small price.
Refined table Salf— s-n> has. io-ib bag.
° Special Be lOc
Reg 10c 20c
Never been sold so low. before.
Canned Tomatoes, per can, 8c; doz, 90c
Reg. 10c. |1.0O. Hesperian.
Log Cabin Maple Syrup —
Pts. Qts. %-K*i tin.-*
Special -<k- ::.-<• nr.c
Reg 25c We 43c
Aimsre's Mince Meat. 2 pounds — 25c
Th« leailer for 23 years.
Carolina Rice— z^-»> »na 8-u> P k«s
Special SSOc 4Oc
Retr - -3c SOc
The beat rice pnwn.
Ideal Hams, psr pound 13c
Guaranteed best Eastern sugar cured.
Armour's White Label Lard—^
3 5 trt lb Can*.
Special 33c SAc 91. 1©
Reg 40c «5c $1.25
Ideal Laundry Soap, 7 calces for .... 25c
Retr. 5c enke. Make* washing easy.
0. K. Bourbon and California Brandy —
Per Bottle. 75c; Qallon. S3.00.
Reg. $i.no. *4.co.
Astor Rye, Spring of '93, per bot. . . 90c
Reg. $1.23. All nor liquors are th# pur-
est and best obtainable.
Bleslinar, per gallon 4Oc
Re*. 50e. Excellent Hjrht tabl» wine.
Imperial Falido Cherxr and Oporto
Port. t>«r bottle 7oc
Res. $1.0O. Our own importations.
Full assortment of ltQaora.
Lyndstrom
Are still the best Hats sold
at the prices. $3.50 and $3.50.
Our enlarged factory at 6D
and 71 City Hall Ave. Now
In full running order.
Lundstrom Hat Orders make
good Xmas sifts.
PACIFIC COAST
HAT WORKS
"The Big Busy Hat Shop."
? 1458 Market, St.,
Opp. Central Theater.
605 Kearny St».
" I give him his Mellin's Food and
he sleeps • til morning." How many
mothers can say this of their babies?
If your baby does not sleep well it
may be that he is not properly fed.
A poorly nourished baby is a poor
sleeper. Mellin's Food babies are
|ood sleepers. Our book the "Cars A
Feeding of Infrnts/' gent free of charge/
MBLLIITS FOOD CO, BOSTON, MA&g,