THE WEATHER.
Forecast made at San FYt-ncLieo for
thirty taoura, endlnr midnight, Decem
ber 28".
Ban Ftaaciace and vlolnlty— CXoufly.
unsettled w»athw Wednesday, with
r»ln; fresh coutbeast wlndi.
A. G. McADID,
tMatrlot Fcrtturter.
VOLUME XCVIT— NO. 28.
TRUST SUED
BY FEDERAL
GOVERNMENT
Action Against the
; General Paper
Company.
Violation ol the Law Pro
hibiting Monopolies Is
Alleged.
Attorney General Moody Asks for a
Restraining Order Dissolwing
the Combine.
' ST. PAUL. Dec 27. — Attorney Gen
eral Moody, for the United States,
through District Atorney Haupt and
frank B. Kellers: and James M. Beck,
through District Attorney Haupt and
the United States, to-day filed a pe
tition in the United States District
Court in -which he makes the General
Paper Company principal defendant
end its numerous constituent com
panies part defendant* In a suit to
«r.join them and restrain them from
doing business through the General
Paper Company as sales agent, in vio
lation of the provisions of sections 1
fcnd 2 of the act of Congress approved
July 2, entitled "An act to protect
trade and commerce against unlawful
restraints and monopolies."
The petition alleges that ,lhe de
fendants entered into an agreement
to combine and control tne sale of the
product of the different companies
through the General Paper Company,
in that the General Paper Company
regulated the prices, sales and ship
ment and territory tor the sale of the
eame, and. after deducting operating
expenses of the General Paper Corn
pan;-, divided the surplus among the
mem berg of the corporations.
The petition recites that. .the _Gen
e.~U Paper Company was organized
ui.dtrr tne laws of Wisconsin on Aiay
.26. lii GO. with a capital stock of 52 00,
000, dividtfl into, 1000 shares, which
Mere distributed among-and' are now
being held by certain of the defend
ants named, and that later the others
•were taken into the combine, naming
them In the order in which they en
tered the . trust. It goes on to state
that the General Paper Company be
came the exclusive selling agent for
the defendants, with absolute- power
to control the output of the various
mills, fix the price of all the paper sold
and to whom and upon what terms
and conditions the paper should be
sold, acd Into what States and places
it Bhall be shipped and what publish
ers and other customers each mill
shall supply. ' * ■•
The petition alleges that in conse-
Quence of the combination all com
petition in the manufacture, 1 sale and
.distribution of paper has been - re
stricted and the price of all paper
• products gTeatly increased, particu
. larly that of news print paper, which
has been increased about 50 per cent-
It further states that no dealers or
newspapers or other consumers in the
territory west of the Mississippi, with
the exception of certain newspapers
published in St. Louis and Chicago,
cs.n purchase any paper except directly
ihrough the General Paper Company,
and then only upon terms dictated by
the latter.
The court is asked to declare the al
leged combination unlawful and that
the- defendants be perpetually enjoined
from doing any act in pursuance of
the same; that the General Paper
•Company be enjoined from acting as
ea.!es agent for the other defendants
end that the lntter be enjoined from
continuing their ?i*rangements with
the General Paper Company.
SILVER BULLION
IS EXHAUSTED
Philadelphia MintfSuperin
* tendent Predicts iSiiort
age of Subsidiary Coins
• PHILADELPHIA. Dec l 27.— John
. H. Landis, superintendent of the: Mint
. in this city, said to-day that th^ avail
aMe silver bullion of the country had
• m hern f-xhaut-ted. Unless Congress take
prompt action to relieve' the situation
• by authorizing the purchase of more
silver bullion for coinage or by aecept
•ii.E a tuggt-sted temporary remedy, he
fet. id. commerce would be greatly ham-
n^xt year as a result of a ten
nnllion-dollar shorUtge in, Bmall silver
ioins. fhe prevailing condition of the
i..:mtrys collateral also entails a
•^ ho>sale discharge of Mint employes.
< : tak" effect on January l. and unless
relief fs obtained from Coneress the
rrgulsr Mint force will be ou7 d own
to a. nominal number within the next
few months.
Silver bullion." said Landis. 'has
K-en exhausted because of the coinage
«-r our useless hoard of 558.000 000
standard dollars, for which there has
TKver been any real popular demand
At the same time; with no available
silver bullion, there is an urgent de
niiiid for no.OOO.OOO of minor sub-
Bifilary coin, without which the coun
try's commerce will be greatly ham
pored next year. The Government is
faring conditions which compel It
cither to go Into the market and re
sume the purchase of silver bullion for
coinage purposes. or recolning a por
tion of ltf stock of silver dollars into
emaller silver coins." : -w
The San Francisco Call.
ATTENDANTS'
BLOWS KILL
INSANE MAN
Napa Asylum Scene
ol Fierce and Fatal
Struggle.
Coroner iDYestigates and
Fixes Blame on Two
"ol ' the ■ Attaches.
Autopsy Shows That the Ribs of the
Mankc Were Brcksn by State
Employes.
Srecial IMsratch to Tb« Call.
XAPA, Dec. 27. — Joseph R. Louis,
a patient at the State Hospital for the
Insane, was killed in a struggle with
two attendants Sunday night. A Cor
oner's Jury has held the two attend
ants responsible for the death. T. D.
Shanahan and Oscar Retzman are the
attendants. • -. • * T ■>-. ;■ -.. :-
Though the death occurred Sunday
it was not considered worthy of of
ficial notice until to-day, when Dis
trict Attorney Benjamin started an in
vestigation. Shanahan and Retzman
were placed in jail pending a report
from the Coroner's jury, which met
this afternoon. The inquest was con
ducted by Coroner Kyser and District
Attorney Benjamin at the - hospital
this afternoon before a jury of twelve
men. Testimony was given by Dr. T.
H. Stice. Dr. L. Frary, Supervisor
John McLaughlin, Assistant Supervis
or James Raney and Harvey Grigsby.
Grlgsby testified .that he was in
ward B of the asylum Sunday after
noon and saw the struggle between
Louis, and. the. two attendants, Shan
ahan and. Retzman. The attendants
finally, pot the patient upon'the" floor
and held;him" there. . : .
Dr. Frary, who conducted an autop
sy on the bodjv, stated '.that he found
nearly all of Louis' ribs broken and
that th* patient had been beaten with
straps «n .whlcJiL tyere, brass. .buckles
and ; which "made" "deep ' wounds in his
abdomen. "'. .* - ' , .' , '_: : . -
I To-night the jury found that Louis
came to his death at the State hospital
as the result of injuries inflicted by T.
D. Shanahan and Oscar Retzman, at
tendants. \.' . .-'."
Louis was committed to the asylum
from Yreka in November. 1900. He
was' a large man. weighing nearly 200
pounds, and more than six feet in
height. He, was an epileptic and
when in a fit' his strength was so great
that several men were required to
hold him. • .'
HUMORS WIFE
TO HIS COST
Believing: Spouse Insane Ta
coma Man Grants Her De
mand for Gash and .Realty
Special Dispatch' to The Call
TACOMA, Dec 27.— Two suits filed
byTheopolIs Hatch, one at North
Yaklma and one In Lincoln Co\inty,
show that interesting and remarkable
circumstances preceded the elopement
of .Mrs.. Hatch and- Dr. Edwin Hughes
to Portland and California last week.
-In the suit' brought'to -set aside. the
divorce secured by his wife. .Hatch al
leges fraud and collusion. In another
suit lie seeks to have, set -aside, the
transfer of property to his wife. It is
alleged' that 'Hughes left a wife at
Manitowoc, Wis., comlngr to -Rathdrum
and •Moscow, Idahb, an(i later to EI
niira, Lincoln County, " where .the
Hatches - lived. He attended Mrs.
Hatch when her last child was born.
Later, when she evinced, signs of in
sanity, Hatch sought the advice of Dr.
Hughes, who urged that he should
humor her In everything. On Hughes'
advice the Hatches moved, to Yaklma.
Hatch returned to his farm and soon
after Hughes joined Mrs. Hatch In
Yaklma. -Her husband was surprised
when she tiled a suit' for divorce, re
quent^d, him to deed her his property
i and askM him for 11700 cash. Follow
ing Hushes' advice he granted all these
requests.
The divorce was granted in October.
Hughes and Mrs. Hatch' lived together
in a Japanese lodging-house at Ya
klma. Mrs.Hatch's two children were
with them. Hatch owned 200 acres of
wheat land, worth about $50,000.
SCHI'EY IX A TRAIN .
WRECK IX BALTIMORE
Colllslon Occurs ~ in Penasylvanla
Railroad Yards, but Admiral
'is Xot Hurt. . :. :
BALTIMORE. Dec. 27. — The North
Central Harrison express, carrying a
large number of Mystic Shriners and
other passengers, including Admiral
Schley, collided to-day in the yards of
the Pennsylvania Railroad with an
empty express train. None of the pas
sengers was injured, but all. were bad
ly shaken up. Several trainmen were
more or less seriously, hurt.. - ■
Doctor on Trl&l for Murder.
NEW ULM. ' Minn.. Dec. : 2 7.— r t>r.
George. R. Koch was placed on trial
to-day ■ on the charge of . having, mur
dered Dr. Lewis A. Gebhard t" on ; " the
night of November 1. Both the - de
fendant - and i' his .' \ictlm . were ' promi
nent"-'socially.---';.« • v . -,-;: ..»*>«,
SAN . FRANCISCO/: .WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 2S ? - 1904.
SCORCHING
INDICTMENT
OF PRELATE
Accusations Against
Bishop TaUt
Set Fortli.
Immorality and- Prevarica
: tion Are Included in
the Counts;
Letter to Re?. Dr. John Alleged to
Have Eeen "False, Libelou3
and UntrathiuL" .
NEW YORK, Dec 27.— Following is
the -presentment In; the case against
Bishop Talbot of the Protestant Epis
copal diocese of Central Pennsylvania,
in conectlon with the deposition of Dr.
Ingraham N. Irvine of Philadelphia
from the priesthood:
"The undersigned, in virtue of the
canonical, authority reposed in them,
present Right Rev. Dr. Ethelbert Tal
bot, bishop of the Protestant Episcopal
Church in the diocese of Central Penn
sylvania, as being guilty of conduct
unbecoming a bishop of the Protestant
Episcopal Church In the United States
of America, in the several specifica
tions hereinafter more particularly set
forth, in order that he may: b& tried
on said charge, which is lahT within
five years last past, which trial is had
by demand, under the provisions of
canon 9, title 2, of the canons of the
general . convention of the said, church
in such case made and . provided.
"Specification 1 — The said.present
ers hereby present and allege that
Bishop Talbot is guilty of immorality
in having written a false, libelous and
untruthful letter regarding Rev. 1. 1 Ni
Irvine or mailed or caused the letter
to 'be. 'mailed, to Rev. Dr. U. vP.'jJohn.
president of, the Philadelphia. Citholtc'
Club (a copy, of the letter follows.) ;•• •
: : ,'^pedflcation 2— That . Bishop
bot is, guilty of lylng.in having writ
ten such:; -*I say to you that this man
wa? 4epps£d. nearly two years' ago for
gross- immorality and for. '.lewd arid
Jasciyious. conduct with women.' For
reference, • see the proceedings of the
ecclesiastical court .before which Rev.
Dr. Irvine. ,w'as tried, in which no rec
ord will' be found -of, such charges.
"Specification 3— That' Bishop Talbot
Is . guilty of- lying in having written
'that Irvine for thirty years has been
in, the ministry and for twenty of these
years he has been under ecclesiastical
discipline.' ■ (Here papers . from ■ three
bishops,- as well as letters and other
documents, are given as reference.)'
"Specification 4— That Bishop Talbot
is guilty.of lying in having written that
the (Irvine) has been suspended once,
admonished once in your . diocese and
inhibited and made to leave repeat
edly.'" ... ' .
'The"" charge of lying is set forth in
'specifications, covering all but two of
the remaining paragraphs of the letter.
The presentment in support of the
charge of. lying sets, forth the follow
ing: ' /
'•Diocese ' of Central "Pennsylvania,
Bishopric.
-"South . Bethlehem, Pa., February 5.
1899. . .
"My dear Irvine: The woman to
whom, _ you refer la by canon excom
municated. I cannot believe she will
have the presumption to present her
self at the holy communion. If you
think there is any danger of her do
ing- so it would- be better for you in
some kind and gentle way to intimate
to her her true condition. Of course,
you have no discretion in the matter.
|f she should present herself before
you can speak to her and if you think
she does so in ignorance, then you
can speak to her afterward. There is
no. reason in this case to make - any
row if. the: thing is managed quietly
and. firmly with a little cpmmon
sense. . I thank you for what you say
on this :m l atter of the missions. Af
fectionately yours,
•..-.\., "1STHELBERT TALBOT."
The further specification to the
charge of lying is as follows:
"Specification— That Bishop Talbot
is guilty of conduct unbecoming a
Bishop, of, breach of his ordination
and consecration vows against involv
ing other Bishops in controversy by
writing untruths fully as follows:
"That eight Bishops have made
charges against him (Irvine): that
the venerable Bishop of Quincy wroto
me upon his deathbed that Ir.infc
had outraged two girl* In his city, and
Bishops Whltaker. -Whltehead, Sey»
mour, Scarborough, Potter, Doane,
Adams, Taylor and Rev. Dr. Leffing
well nnd a host of others will bear out
all I have sa!d as to hfs character.
'Therefore, the presenters, in view
of there'asons as set forth in the 'above
specifications, do ask that.Bishon Tal
bot be nresented for trial before a
court "of. his peers." ...
WALKS PROM FRISOX OXTiY
TO BE AT{RESTP:D AG AI X
Hundred, and Fifty Thousand Dollar
Swindling Opera lion Charged
, Against Pliiladclphiuu. '.
PHILADELPHIA," Dec. 27. —
Charges of conspiracy, false pretense
and forgery, involving J150. 000. were
made to-day against ... John Bough,
alias Baker. New York detectives ar
rested Bough; as he was leaving the
county, prison. ; where, he '■ had served
six months for swindling,: operations
in the "name of the; Boyer Sign Man
ufacturing Company of Philadelphia:
According to Information here, Bough
and other persons, who have since
disappeared, established an insurance
company under; the name of Lloyd's
Insurance Company, of : America. The
concern, it Is alleged, '„ wrote $4,000,
000 worth of: fire insurance. and col
lected $150,000;in" premiums.tthe in
sured s havlnjgri been , led, It ; is charged,
to ibelieve! that, Bough iwasjtheVAmer-r
lean asent'of. Lloyd's|of: London;^- ■■ ; -
DRY DOCK
CONTRACT
AWARDED
Mare Island to Be
tfe greatest of
Natal Bases.
New : Structure Is to Be
Erected at a Cost
ol $1,385,000.
When Completed It Will Be the
- Largest of Its Rind in , the
United Ltates.
WASHINGTON, Dec 27.— The Bu
reau of .Yards and Docks.'Navy Depart
ment, to-day awarded the ■ contracts
for the completion' of the drydock at
the Mare Island navy yard to the Schor
field Company of Philadelphia, Pa. The
amount of the contract is $1,385,000, and
the drydock, is to be completed in thir
ty-three months. This drydock will be
the largest in the United States.
JEROME HOPES TO LAND
ACCOMPMCES' OF DODGE
District Attorney on the. Trail "of Men
of Prominence in New '",
York.
NEW YORK, Dec. 27.— District At
torney Jerome and his assistants are
working hard .to obtain corroborative
evidence in connection with the con
fession of Charles F. Dodge, who was*
brought here- from Texas on a charge
of perjury, which grew out of the
Morse-Dodge divorce entanglement.
This confession^ according to leurrent
report," •involves' a' conspiracy on' the
parY- of • men~ "well known ■ here j to de^
feat the : ends, of justice^ but: the Dis»
trlct- Aflornay 1b \ liii'derstpod take
the position^dat-corrobbratlon 'of ; tlift
statement is s&. necessity. b'efdre* lt : ariy',
court or jury, .because Dodge 3 admits
thai he'commltted perjury.'/.
- The procuring of- this corroborative
evidence is one of -the .most . -difficult
tasks which has ever confronted the
public prosecutor, but Jerome .is^on
flderit that, he. will .soon have. a. com:
plete case against at least three men,
and he is -hopeful that -his investiga
tion will lead him not only to the in
struments of the alleged , conspiracy,
but to the' men whose interests m&dft
it virtually necessary that the con>
spiracy should be carried out -'as' the
District Attorney believes it t was
planned. : y " .
KILLS BROTHER
WITH SHOTGUN
Los Angeles Man Takes Lift*
of Relative , Who Opposed
Him in a •"■■Family /Quarrel
Sneclal Difnotch to The Call
LOS ANGEJJES ) ' Dec. '27. \f- 'wholly
without provocation and 'his only mo
tive being' that he believed his brother
had not taken his part properly in aii
old family' quarrel, . Christopher . ' C.
Champion, aged 67,. to-day, commuted,
the sixth murder which has. been com
mitted In Los Angeles' within a month
when he riddled the body his broth
er, Thomas D.' Champion,' aged 56, v.ith
buckshot. T The tragedy "was ehacted'b'e
fore.the eyes of. the .wife and family ,pf
the victim. "One of his sons was.hurry
ing forward to endeavor to disarm his
enraged uncle. 'Had 1 the latter had An
other load" In his' shotgun*. he would
have killed his _jiephe\y . also, for he
pulled the> tripper, but the left barrel
contained' no shell: --•.•...
Thfc two Champion" families resided
near the northwestern limits the
city. Some time ago Christopher quar
reled with- his .wife and, father, and
drove them. from his home. ,His broth
er, -the victim of to-day's tragedy!
remonstrated with "him and iwtis 'told If
he ever entered the premises heuvould
be killed. To-day Christopher saw the
daughter of his brother; passing the
place and took a shot af her,' but the
range was too. great •■ and she escaped.
When her father returned she told him
of the incident and he started to put
up his team, intending to later ask his
brother If a reconciliation were not pos
sible. At sight of him his brother
rushed from his house with his gun
and shot him down without giving him
a- chance. to ; defend himself.'.
The murderer, was overpowered by
his nephew, bound with' ropes and held
for thepolice.. ' He took his arrest' with
the utmost coolness, saying he dld'not
care how soon they hanged him.'
BEATEN* TO DEATH.
Los Augcles Porter. Victim of Two
Brutal 'Assailants. , ;
' LOS , .. ANGELES.' Dec* 27.— Erltz
Doss, 7 a - porter ' employed at a South
Olive .street hotel,: died : at the County
Hospital late to-nighr,from the effecU
of la beating' administered .early in the
evenins* by/ tw,o ' men ■ whose' Identity is
not-; yet - known, " • r:. c...
; Doss revived .shftrtly 'before -he';dled
and told. the detectives, who he' thought
one of his assailants was. j Theu'he re
lapsed '-- into ;• unconsciousness " and died
4t| midnight. • •*• -•■ •' ... —-;...
TEACHERS OF CALIFORNIA
ASKING FOR BETTER LAWS
Loose Legislation Deplored by Educator
Special' DI*?atch- to Th* Call.
'*,SAN JOSE. Dec.: 27.— More than, one
thousand teachers have taken; posession
of the Garden City and for the rest of
the week they will meet, together, and
(IIscusr matters appertaining . to the
school room. Of this vast .assemblage
more than two-thirds are young ladies.
To r day the real rush began, and all
day' long' delegations of teachers reg
istered with Secretary Fitzgerald from
over the State. To-night the teachers
made merry -at the Hotel Vendome,
where they were -tendered a reception
by; the teachers of San Jose and. Santa
Clara County. The ; parlor and lanai
were handsomely decorated and hand
somely dressed schoolma'ams promen
aded about and became acquainted
with- the teachers from. other, sections
of the State. In the large music hall
there was dancing. ... . '. \ , '
} .There .was a crush all day about the
secretary's desk at .the .Normal School
by those who wished to .register.- Most
of the noted educators in the .State
are; present. Among .these are noticed
John Swett, one of the pLoneer teachers
of j San Frahcisc6; j Professor . A. ;L.
Mann .of. San .Francisco; - Charles T.
Bledenbach of Berkeley, president of
the .California Teachers' Association;
O. _"vV. Erlewlne of Sacramento, Miss
Kate'Ames of Naria. John W. -- Liriseott
of Santa Cruz: P.' M. Fisher, principal
of 'the Pplyteohic'High School, Oakland:
Mark "Kepp'le; Superintendent ;of Los
"Angeles County; Henry : ,Meade -.Bland
of, the Sart Jose State Normal School;
Dr. E. C. . Moore of San Francisco;' A.
E. Shumate, a f6rmer president .of the
association 'and now railroad, secretary;
D.. S. Sne/lden. of Stanford., Frank V E.
Thompson of San Diego" and" JJ-.W.-'Mc-
Clynionds of Oakland. " . .' : *-i*- f, . ' •;•
** To-morrow tha* real ,work of, the Caii
fprnia^. State, Teachers' '/ 'Association
rommences.; The sessions j will open in
the afternoon; and the. various orgah
lzatlons will meet 'together. • • • .'
.STUDY- OF- CHKM1STR.Y.
• ; . This: forenoon was. given'up.to. meet
ings of the different- organizations: - At
10 t o'clock. the-;Pacific Coast .Associar
tiori of. Chemistry and Physics .Teachers
(jonvened. President S. E.' Coleman of
Oakland rp'rcslded ' and Secretary * Ed
ward Booth- o'f- Oakland, 'recorded -the
proceedings. • The subject for dircussion
-was.-»"The Relation o£ the: Laboratory
Course to the Recitation.'; P. ,T- Torrjp
k»ns of . f the- Lowell .High -School.. San
Francisco, read! a paper on the subject
in which he held that there should al
ways'be: a 1 close relation between the
laboratory,, the demonstration and the
recitation'" or. the textbook. .> He favored
the laboratory? work being: < first used
and then the recitation. , - ,
> -.W. O. Smith of the Mission .High
in San. Francisco took the opposite
.view, of the question, taking the stand
that' the recitation should precede the
laboratory work. .
H. F. Sheldon, principal of the Sui
sun High School, also discussed the sub
ject. Professor Sanford of the Stan
ford University and teacher in the de
partment • of 'physics addressed . the
meeting and stated that from what he
knew; the hig'h school work* In , physics
and 'chemistry was 'not satisfactory.
He said that the only way to learn is
by laboratory work. President Cole
man favored laboratory work.
MAN UAi; TRAINING.
The Manual Training and: Drawing
Teachers' Association held two. inter
esting sessions to-day. Professor
-Arthur B. of Stanford Univer
sity.was chairman and Charles H.
Thorpe of ' San Francisco secretary.
One -of the" finest, exhibits of 'manual
training and drawing ever made on the
coast is ; on' exhibition 'at the '•• normal
school. , The; exhibit Is the work of the
pupils ; of [the school. 'The teachers list
ened* to the : following -addresses and
papers:,"*:' '. : ;
. ! "What ; the State University Expects From
• J Con t in ued ■ on ' Pd^c Z,\ Column 1 5;
ALCAZAR— "Old Held«Ib*r»."
CALIFORNIA— "Shore Acres."
COL.VMBIA— # Tb* Sultan of Salu.**
CENTRAL— "TUe H«mrt of Chle*«o.~
CHUTES — Vaudeville. \
FISCHER'S— V«uderill*.
GRAND-'Th* Darling of th« G«l«."
MAJESTIC — "A Contented 'Woman."-
OHPHEUM — Vaudeville. Matlaea to
day.
TIVOLI— "KIej Dodo."
! ' FOUR PROMINENT <^.\MF()RNrA EDUCATORS ViHO ARE TAKING AN ACTIVE
PART IN -THE. INTKRESTIN'G DELIBERATIONS OF THE CONVENTION OF
TUACHERS NOW BEING HEkD IN THE CITY OK SAN JOoE.
DERBY TOWN
IS HOME OF
MURDERERS
Nineteen Men. Foully
- Slain in a- Fe w -
' MoiitKsV
Eredal Dispatch to. The Call,
. REJNO^ Dec. . 27.^-The, -body of C.
Quinlin, a laborer on the Government
irrigation canal., was found lying in
front. of the Ark'_ Saloon at Derby this
morning. , The man had been murdered
and robbed ,ancl marks ton! his head
Showed i.lhat the murderers had used
a blunt instrument, probably a rock;
to' beat him to death.
■ Quinlin's -body Is the nineteenth body
that has been found in the neighbor
hood in the last few months.- Tn each
instance the victim has been killed in,
the same way, and on one or tv/o oc
casions' the thugs have' placed the
bodies of their victims, on the railroad
track, so that the trains .might hide
the crime. . ■'.•-:,
LORD CURZON RECEIVES
• THE SOX Ol' THE A3IEER
Great Ceremony Attends tlicMcetins
of Viceroy ami Heir, to .Throne
of Afehanlstan. t
CALCUTTA. Dec 27.— Lord Cursor:,
the Viceroy of India, received Prince
Inayat TTllah, the son of. the Ameer of
Afghanistan. -with great ceremony to
day in the tlironeroom at the Govern
ment House. Both the Viceroy tsjul
the Prince were attended by J brilliant
staffs. The scene was most effective.
The- Prince, was evidently delighted
with his reception.
New Comma iu l , for* [Beresf onl.
LONDON. ; Dec. 2 7.— Vice ; Admiral
Lord Charles Beresford Mias been ap
pointed to succeed Admiral Dormville
in 'command . 'of \ the Mediterranean
squadron- on May^l^,'
Austrian -Premier, .to Resiffn.
VIENNA, .Dec." a 27.— =-It -is -.reported
that Premier .von Koerber finds his
position 'so difficult* that he has de
cldVd to resign. "
THE THEATERS.
PRICK FIVE GENTS.
MINISTER
PLAYS PART
OF SLEUTH
Dons a.Dispise'and
■! Visits GamWers ■ t
Resorts.
Special Dljpateh to Th« Ca!t
TACOMA.- Dec. 27.— Aroused: to
wrath by the weeping wives of his paif-
Ish. who complained that thefr hus
bands lost their v.ages over gambling;
tables. Rev. Robert '.Hughes of Na
naimo began a year ago to urge thtj
authorities of that city, to »top gam
bling. Several arrests ..were made.
but convictions were found impos
sible, it being shown that the game%
complained of were only "friendly^*
ones.
Having failed to accomplish h^
purpose by ordinary means Hughes
put on miner's clothes, smeared WK
face with co»l dust and started out tb
secure evidence In detail. For we*k*
he frequented gambling-houses witlv
out any one suspecting his identity.
All Xanaimo is now .upset, for Hughm
promises to make revelations that wiH
startle the town unless gambling afc»
sojutelr ceases. He has thf* names at
prominent rillzprrs who "bucked tfeS
tiKcr," together with dates and oth*
data. Thp renewal- of liquor lieen^t**
to hotels is before the License Com.
missioner this wsek. ' Starting with
the Central Hotel, Hughes dcclar«c>
that unless a plea of gu!Hy to cam
bling in entered, he will sunpoen*
prominent men. although their eti
dence will disgrace their families. .. »
Martial Ijxw In Brazil.
.WASHINGTON". Dec. 37. — Amert
can. Minister. Thompson at Brazil "teC
das cabled the,Stats bep«irtment th«v
a .period of nril-tial Inw. has beei> pror
longed for -thirty, daya from December
16 In the Federal district.
Steamship Rcporictl Ashore.
KINGSTON. Der. 27.^The steam
ship Valencia, is reported to be ashory
at Port r.u Prince, Haytl. and In dar^
ser"of.bccohilhff a'totai~\9.>cIL2
TEMPTS DEATH
FOR LIBERTY
Military Prisoner Raucroft
ill' Fight for Freedom
>Varh Loses His Life
HE IS BURIED ALIVE
His Comrades Cover Him
.. With Gravel From Quarry
to Hide Him From Guards
Military ■ Prisoner Raucroft came
>eaf|y. being crushed and smothered
3 tfeaiii'jjti a- vain attempt to escape
.Soni- the " Btockade ,at Rodeo rifle
• *.*ffe yesterday. Had it not been for
< -ie oiard. comius - to -Ms xescue he
.■pxld .now be a dead man.
Raucroft was working with a sang
• it. prisoner* • crushing - rocks' forr^use
. >\ reijnilding. the target ranges at that
'./lace; ' The . men "leave work. about 4
"clock:": Shortly before that hour
:£o.ucroft, who had a previous under
■ftanG|ng with his fellow worki.n&men,
tkreW iiimself on, the ground , when
the guards were not looking. Enough
light gravel was shoveled over" him .to
aide him from view', and a small
board"- was placed over: his head . .to
Jceeft the gravel from falling about
hj£ .nostrils and*' smothering him. .. #
■ At l.liis period of the ruse the order
■\ca» " given . to stop wbrkj and the
prisoners were marched back k to the
itcibkade. Here it was discovered that
Raucroft was missing. Guards were
dispatched to try to locate the
:»issjAg prisoner. ■ ':•
.^.fter rseveral hours of search and
jiist as night was falling the', guards
-lecided to dig into the pile of rocks
tnd gravel where the prisoners, had
been working. Here, to their great
:imazement they found Raucroft. He
'.was'.bfnumbed, almost insensible' and
,jnable to move. He was quickly dug
out, And after heroic efforts revived.
.Ha.d it not been for the rescue at this
opportune moment Raucroft ' would
haare-died within a few hours. He
lias -decided that the next time he
tries to escape he will not attempt to
d£* so by the gravel ' route.
' Only' four of the ten prisoners who
recently escaped from this same
stocKi*de by cutting through the
wireg have been recaptured.
Tlie Quarters of Lieutenant Frank
R- t Curtis. Thirteenth Infantry, at the
discharge camp at Angel Island were
partially destroyed by fire yesterday.
The front "part of the building was
burned out. The main loss was the
uniforms,, swords and paraphernalia
belonging" to this officer. lieutenant
Cujl(» was in San Francisco at the
tfq»e. the -fire occurred.
Announces Encaeemeiit.
' Mrs.- George H. Pippy yesterday an
nounced the engagement of her niece,
Miss..^\lice Judkins, to J. P. Parkinson
of Seattle. Miss Judkins is a popular
y,©vng w«man and has a host of
friends 'in this city. Mr. Parkinson Is
the. city editor of the Seattle Post-
TatejJigencer and one of- the b'est
knonyir npwspaper tnen in tb« Xorth-
fpAL CLOSING DAYS
! v OF POMMER-EILERS
II REMOVAL SALE
Manu of the Best Known Makes' and Choicest Stules
of Pianos and Organs Still Left to Ghoose'-From.
Regular $400 Styles Are Now $247, $350 Styles $218.
Others Also New and Warranted for $186 and Down
ta $123. All on Easy Payments.
A Few Brand NewKimballs, Deckers, Hazeltons, Les-
ters and Numerous Other High-Grade Makes,
; Sliohtlu Used Knahss and Kimhalls and Steinwaus
..and One Decker at Less Than Half Real Values. 1
Everuthing Must- Go Now. Note Prices of Good
Sauare Pianos, and for the Remaining Few Organs
The remaining handsome new and used of monthly or weekly payments Two
pianos, piano-players, organs, auto-pianos years' time to complete the purchase.
and electric self-playing pianos that were -,,»_ __-_^ ' .-- •
offered for sale at the Poxnmer-EIlers re- ;roB TH OSi: WHO WANT THE VEST
Xtibval sale at such ridiculously . low . ' BEST. ;
prices must go during the next few days. ■■ Then there are the grandest of largest
There are not to exceed 35 instruments size hand-carved, • brand-new uprights
altogether, but they are some of the fln- highest grade makes, such as are ordinar-
est and most costly styles. " y , sold . for '550, J600 and even $660. Our
. People living out of town should tele- fsig andup° to 1366 WlU frOm |288>
traph, write ot Phone us at once. . We want every one of the rem
The sale thus far amounts to over instruments out of the way bv KHrtil?
1147.000. and we'll surely, exceed the and will not split hairs about the terms
1150,000 mark before it closes. To say ° r A pay ™ enL , .
tfiat we thank the purchasing public for m^^fh 0 * th ,f B famous Auto-planos— a
patronage and the conn- g£ JLtTgj.
flence reposed in our house and in our ordinary piano case.. Even the nadiSS
fetuaouncements of this great sale does can be folded inside the piano case bo
not begin to express our full appreda- that_no one would ever know it' from a
tlon. tor the business done during the e fy 1 4 a , r o n , ehest Kr^ de P Iai ">.
pest .few days exceeds by far our most prl« l " B ifiS?'.gSB^SS fft^&g!
sanguine expectation. noon to-morrow. y Derore
THIS IS WHAT DOES IT. THES THESE OBGAZTS.
It is the fine pianos at the greatest A couple of very fine church oreans
jnarkdown prices ever offered that has worth retaH $250. are to go this week for
accomplished this result, and no one can * 128 and 5136. Easy payments of 15 a
be happier than we are over the fact m °nth, if desired. - •
that we are- in. a position to save our piSS^Sf^taifm' ™ n *£? e(1 make «
patrons so much money. of^Tinon^-^us^The'^hlng^o^i
Now as to prices. ,• In a general way we small church or Sunday school
can state that nearly every make of A number, of parlor oVgans for a mere
prominence is still represented in this son s: we must simply get rid of everv
Bale. Nearly all .of them are the latest °, ne . °f o th * m - Estey.$18; Mason & Ham-
and choicest specimens of the v; great Un -* 2S : K1 *« ball.- in very good order 138
American piano-makers and some of ' l n . ree . of the most beautiful piano-
them are used— slightly used only; but cased organs, in.jebontzed and mahogany
ell are in every way as flne as new. k. ■ cas f s > at 10. p^r/cent' less than factory
We offer a regular $600 style of the 9P 81 - Payments -of < $5 a month' .buy
famons Knabe piano In choicest, ma- tnem - . .
hogany'for $348. . - t
An elegant $525 style of the Steinway SQTTAKE PIANO FOB A HSHB
make for oven $300 now, and another KOTEIRO
Bteinway, alSTigood but somewhat older '-' • '•• " I
for $190. • f :.. •?, (Two, fine square* pianos have come to
,A most beautiful, slightly used Decker us Jn Part payment for- new pianos since
for $3C2. and an elegant mottled walnut Friday morning. Take choice of these
largest size Kimtoall that could not be and two others for $35; still another $23
told from new for 1275. These mean vlr- I and jsi very, choice one, that' oueht to tJ-
tUally half-price. • . : . worth $.200. of any v one's. money, is now
. $87. Pay $2 or $3 a month if you like
. OBXiT TWO OF THESE NOW. We are determined now to close' out
«_!_ . ..... . '•. '' everything. The matter of value or cost
.Who wants one or the remaining two cuts no ligure in this— we must attefn
beautiful regular $350- styles that are our - ends. -Our : store will . be wrecked
cow offered to close out Quickly for $218? with the rest of the building to make
Other fine brand-new uprights in mod- room for the most beautiful office build-
irately plain ■cases, worth $275. $325. ing here in the city— e proposition ac-
5360 and uicto $400. instcuments that cording tQ; the latest, plans.-, involving an
cannot be sold regularly by/ any dealer investment of oven $2.0.00.000
or agency for less than : those figures, afe Remember.- the place, Pomraer-Eilers
now marked txi^ell for $U6. $137. $194. Mnsic Company. .Call?ornia-s™ig|e S t and
JlCSand up-to$247. . : ' ., busiest and. best piano dealers. 653 Mar-
Bear In mind.that every instrument In Tcet street, between the Palace Hotel and
this- sale can be obtained on the easiest ihe Exami&er building. " - ■■'•:,
FIERCE STORM SWEEPS FROM
ROCKIES TO THE LAKES.
Vast Area Suffers Great Dam
age From the. Blizzard.
Cyclonic Wind in Chicago.
~\\£ire and Train
• 'Almost Paralyzed.
-CHICAGO, Dec. 27. — One of -the se
verest storms of recent years, has raged
throughout the territory lying between
the Rocky Mountains and "the Great
Lakes since early this morning and has
caused much^ trouble to street cars,
railroads and telegraph companies. The
telegraph .companies were the greatest
sufferers from the blizzard, which has
swept -through the West and North
west during the last twenty-four hours
and which was preceded by a heavy
fog and drizzlingrairi: which made the
wires' almost unworkable. The intense
cold and i terrific gale . that followed
close --upon the fog coated, the wires
with ice and later in the day threw
poles to the ground, crippling the com
panies badly. Railroad trains were
bafily delayed all through the West,
some of them being twenty- four hours
late. Street-car traffic in all the cities
of the West and Northwest was prac
tically at a standstill at some time dur
ing the- day;
COVERS A WIDE AREA.
"In its extent the storm was the most
widespread of any' during the last fif
teen years. Counting the fog as a com
ponent part of the storm, it stretched
from the Rocky Mountains to New York
and from ,Winnipeg -to New Orleans.
The only fatalities due to the storm in
this city were:
Alexander Stelner, a teamster, killed
while unloading coal. A chute Was
blown from its fastenings, and, strik
ing Steiner on the head, killed him in
stantly.
Thomas Walsh, a laborer, . struck by
a heavy board while entering a new
building on Green street and Washing
ton bouievard. The board almost cut
his head off.
At 10 o'clock to-night the storm was
reported as subsiding at Kansas City
and other points in a north and south
line from that city, but it will be sev
eral days before normal conditions are
restored throughout the entire section.
CENTER NEAR CHICAGO.
At Chicago and east of here the storm
was still raging at midnight with
great violence. The center of . the
storm is between Chicago and Cleve
land. - -'
Reports from Kansas City early In
the day were that the storm extended
from the middle of Missouri as far
south as Indian Territory. It was ac
companied throughout Its entire extent
by heavy winds and snow.' The snow
on the level would have. |>jBen,'Abpiit, one,
foot deep. It- -was badly by
the gale^. however, that" in 'nearly all
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 28. 1904.
the .cities of. Nebraska, Kansas and
Western Missouri street car traffic was
at a standstill by noon.
', The storm by noori had reached East
ern Missouri and • the temperature in
St. Louis went down twenty degrees in
two hours, while the wind, • blowing
forty miles an hour, piled the snow up
in the streets in great drifts. It was
found possible to keep the street cars
running, although great havoc was
wrought with the telegraph and tele
phone wires.
. RAGES IX NORTHAVEST.
At Omaha and Des Moines conditions
similar to those in Kansas City were
reported and both places were in bad
shape early in the day.
. All over the Western States the storm
increased in violence throughout . the
morning and at noon. was raging with
great fury. All trains in this section
were reported from one.to«Bix hours
late, arid constantly losing. time. .
In the Northwest the storm was even
more violent than throughout Missouri
and Iowa. In St. Paul the snow com
menced falling early last night and
grew heavier all through the night,
while the wind increased until it was
blowing at fifty miles an hour. The
storm traveled westward from St. Paul
until It covered almost; the entire
Northwest. •„
From the Dakotas, Eastern Montana,
Wyoming, Northern Michigan and Wis
consin came stortes of damage by the
storm. The wires in all directions were
down, « the snow filled the streets and
street cars were for the most part com
pelled to stop. running and all trains
were far behind time.
HEAVY WINDS IN SOUTH.
In the South conditions were some
what better, the enow In many places
being changed into a heavy rainfall,
preceded by thunder and lightning and
followed by heavy winds. Nashville,
Louisville, New Orleans, Montgomery
and' Memphis, reported exceedingly
heavy rains, a rapidly falling ther
mometer and terrific winds.
In the Ohio River Vajley the first
heavy rain in. five months commenced
falling early in the day and continued
throughout the night. The storm was
appreciated by the Doatmen along the
Ohio and its tributaries, for the stage
of water in those streams has of late
been very low and navigation was dif
ficult In many places. • -
HURRICANE IN CHICAGO.
The .storm ...struck Chicago shortly
attec. rifloq.^jand .toc^p ( aa9d/w.ijth &reat
r.apidlty, ja^j^ it,-, Jfia^^apsume^ hurri
cane violence at. 5:30 o'clocK? when the
wind tore through - f . the .^-down-town
streets -at the rate of seventy-two miles
an hour. It fell away after that and
byl o'clock. had dropped to fifty miles
an '£our, where it' remained throughout
the* night'' with occailonal'\gus't8" that
npwled through Hhe streets 'with the
force." of a cyclone,' tearing down' signs,
smashing In' plate glass windows, " and
in : many' 1 sections of the' down-town
districts hurling pedestrians' from
their 'feet and overturning delivery
wagons^ .
Early In the ' afternoon the police
found it 'necessary, to station extra of
ficers at the corner of - : State and Ran
dolph streets, where the Masonic Tem
ple, twenty-two stories In' height,^ al
ways creates a terrific increase in? the
natural rapidity of the wind, and at the
corner of Monroe and Dearborn streets,
where the ne.w building of the First
National Bank acts In a similar.man
ner. From 3 o'clock until after the
evening rush was over . there were not
five minutes that the .officers .were not
compelled to carry some woman, , who
had been thrown from ,lier feet • and
was unable to cross the street.
In all* parts of the city trees were
blown down, chimneys toppled over
and several frame shacks were leveled
to the ground. V
' Between noon and / o'clock in the
evening the mercury dropped from 34
to 11.
VAST DAMAGE REPORTED.
The late repprts from Wisconsin are
that the storm » was the most severe
eVer v known in that section. Damage
In Madison.. Is estimated at $100,000.
In Indiana the damage by the storm
is ! estimated In the hundreds of j thou
sands. The damage ' was especially
h'eavy,In the oil fields,.. where fully 500
derricks were blown down and all op J
erations suspended. Near Muncle
.Frank Cavanaugh was killed by a fall
ing 'derrick. The loss on derricks alone
in- the neighborhood of Muncle. is
placed at $200,000. ; ' • •".'.; ;'/:!:>',.♦■
Late dispatches from Nebraska state
that the storm was the most severe
in many, years, and that all trains were
delayed. . . " -. . " . v . '■: '■'■ •■•";
BLOCK?. STSTEM FAILS.
Overland Trains Detained at Omaha
- • for. Hours During Storm.
OMAHA, Neb., Deo. ,27.— -The block
system of signaling- at the Missouri
River' crossing; failed completely \ In
this morning's storm. All the over
land- trains", were detained £ for.. hours
on account of the difficulty of- getting
through the .maze of switches easf and
west of the bridge. Snow, driven'.- by
a forty-mile-ari-rhour ; gale, formed
wedges of • ice- that ■ • prevented, the
Opening of* closing: I of the . switches in
response to the electric current from
the switching tower. • Many- men were
put at work . to ' operate the switches
by hand/ but the 'delay was such' that
no 'trains entered the Union station
from the East between. 9:30 and noon.
: Ten westbound overland' trains *w€re
at one time tied ud between' Council
Bluffs yards and the bridge. The
Rock Island's Rocky Mountain lim
ited, In the vanguard of the blockade/
was lodged on the bridge; and'- there
the fury. of the storm, seemed* to 'Con*
centrate for hours. The train. stood
enwrapped In 'a swirl of snow and 'es
caping steanvand'.when a particularly,
heavy blast swept down • from ' : the
north and . struck >. the .-•. passenger
coaches and sleepers they swayed 'and
rocked and creaked as though :, they,
were about'to be precipitated 'into the
river* beneath. ' \" * V •':;.•.- :•
One- section of the' Overland- limited
emerged', from-' ' the blockade at; ■• I
o'clock, four hours behind time. ;:.
SCHOOLHOUSE UNROOFED.
Several Children Injured by 'the
... ;'"<. Storm In Indiana. ; ' ._ ;' ' j
INDIANAPOlis, • Iiid.". • Dec.;- 27.-77
High-winds prevailed to-day through-'
but Indiana. At Elkinsville a school-
PROBABLE
DISASTER
TO WARSHIP
Tokio Navy Department
Publishes a Long List
of Casualties Without
Any Explanatory! Details
NINE OFFICERS;; H
ON DEATH-ROLL
Belief That ■£ a v .Japanese
Cruiser ,Ha$ , ,. Been &iuik
or DamagejjH Jjr; ; a,-HMiiiie
While; on .HB&ckade Duty
TOKIO, Dec. 28 ,9 a. m.-— The Navy
Department,' publishes a list of nine
officers and } sixty-five men .who were
killed while on., special /duty.. The
time, place, arid circumstances aro not
explained- and it is presumed that an
other cruiser has been mined and
sunk or 1 damaged. An explanation is
expected "shortly. .'" . • . '}'
The rAxmy 'Department, publishes a
list of twenty-three officers, killed? and
fifty-six wounded, presumably at Port
Arthur. •. - •• . :. : ■■ } ■■<■.; ■■ ,.»-,, '
CHINA DEFIES ;RUSSIA-
Strong Attitude Taken in Connection
With Ammunition Seizure.
PEKING, Dec. 27.— The Russian
officials here demanded of the Chi
nese Foreign Office yesterday the res
titution of the 3,000,000 .rounds of
ammunition, apparently destined for
Port Arthur, seized by the Chinese au
thorities at Fengtai, near here* four
days ago. The Russians- assert ' that
the ammunition was intended only for
the legation guard.- .
It is < learned at the Foreign Office
that the Chinese '.intend taking a
strong stand, in , view of . the frequent
attempts to smuggle arms arid ammu
nition. The bales of wool containing
the cartridges seized at Fengtai, were
consigned to a European resident of
Peking, who is now at Tientsin, taking
part in the investigation into the' af
fair. - - <■-'«
PREPARING BLACK SEA FLEET
Significant Activity on Board Russia's
.* Imprisoned Warships. '<V ■
SEVASTOPOL, Dec. 27.^-The dock
yard laborers have been released from
their obligations as tnembers " of the
reserves, so that they may continue
work on the vessels of the Black Sea
fleet, which is being hurried with: the
greatest energy. . . .
Britain Annexes the Tongas.
MELBOURNE, Dec 27, — Great
Britaiii haS^ assumed control ;: of the
legal and financial administration of
the Tonga islands, ' the VnativS chiefs
consenting. T: : . " - - ; / .'■ V
Liner Phoenicia Goes to Russia.
LONDON, DecV 27. — A dispatch
from Hamburg to« a news agency says
the Hamburg- American liner Phoeni
cia has been sold. to an unknown pur
chaser .and that she is going ' to Li
bau.
OFFICERS ON THE WAY
TO OHIO WITH. LETCHER
Prisoner to Be Taken to Bryan, in
That State, and Indicted for
Arson.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Dec. 27.— A tele
gram from Detective Fox, at Flagstaff,
A. T., states that he' has arrested
George E. Letcher, wanted in Bryan,
Ohio, on a charge of arson, and that
he, will arrive at Bryan on Wednesday.
Letcher was - arrested some time ago
at San Francisco.
Fire Marshal Davis has gone to
Bryan to arrange for Letcher's indict
ment. State officials say that Letcher
was kidnaped by the Ohio officers at
San Francisco, and Fox's telegram is
the first official information that the
officers are en route to Ohio with their
prisoner.
SEES GICX. DRINK. POISON
..'.'_ , AN».IS TAKEN TO JALL
' 8T. LOUIS, T>ec. 27.— Miss Aggie
Garrison of Detroit, aged 25 years, a
former . employe at the s World's Fair,
died in the City Hospital to-day from
'the effects of poison taken In a room
'at a local hotel here. Albert Chit
-tum; aged 28, of Trumbull, Tenn., who
was in the room at the time. Is un
der, arrest. Chlttum admitted having
eeen thefflrl swallow the poison, but
delayed calling a physician. - r. -
house .was unroofed and' several chil
dren-were'Injured. AtVincennes the
•wind . unroofed the Blackford , glass
piaht and blew down a portion of the
walls. A lumber plant was also dam
aged. :. ;
BOATS CRASH IN RIVER.
Thick Weather Causes Two Accidents
Off New York. v -M'
NEW YORK, Dec. 27.— Rain and
Bleei, with a rising temperature fol
ldwrng the recent" heavy snowstorms,
have greatly impeded traffic in and
about ;itfew York. Telegraphic com
munication ' has been considerably
handicapped, .and nearly all through
trains from the West and ; North are
delayed owing to slippery rails. /. ...
" A* collision ' on 'the river resulted
from » the thick weather during ' . the
morning rush. hours. The "ferry-boat
Chicago at,, the -Pennsylvania - line,
loaded down with commuters, was.run
into, by, the New. Haven Railroad's big
steam C transport, '•'■ Maryland . In ; the
NprtH River, Just . off Cortland-ptreet
slip.' The 1 transport crashed into * -the
rear , of the • ferry-boat and tore 'a
large, part? of the deck -.work over th»
stern. ; No serious damage • was dons
to the. hull. v '-'■'■ .
..While a dense, fog hung. over the
r.iver "and' harbor this afternoon the
ferry-boats Bergen- and Musconetong
of i the Lackawanna line crashed into
each other near r- the':. Hoboken - '■■'-.. ferry
slips-andforafew mfnutes there was
a. wild panic on. both boats. * The Ber
gen had left the New York side and
was approaching' the New/ Jersey side
under | reduced speed .when .the . other
boat crashed into her. ' Except for
slight: bruises .no; one was .hurt : and
neither ."-boat was. seriously injured.
Headaches From Colds.
, . LAXATIVE BUOMO . QUININE remove* th»
cause.* ; ,To'; gtt' the genuine, call for full ! name
and look for signature of E. W. Grove. '25c ".»
INDICATED
BY FEDERAL
GRAND JURY
True Bills in Land Fraud
Cases Returned Against
Oregon Mayor and For
mer Government Officials
SENATOR MITCHELL
: ;^ASKS FOR HEARING
■TJneasy : Solon Sends Word to
Inquisitors That He Wants
Prosecution -to Give \ Him
? Names I of Their
PORTLAND, Dec. 27.— The Federal
Grand /Jury to-day returned seven in
dictments in connection with the land
fraud^cases now under investigation.
The j large number In the batch and
tlie prominence of three of. the num
ber, with the two mysterious. "John
Doe" indictments, made, the day the
most sensational since the jury recon
vened in its present sessions. The most
Important is the indictment against Dr.
William H. Davis, Mayor of Albany,
Or. Second to this and of hardly less
Importance are those of Salmon^ P.
Ormsby, formerly a Government agent,
and , Clark E. Loomis," at one time
Forest Superintendent. Henry.. A.
Young and George Sorenson are not
so well known. The indictment states
that there are two others, John Doe
and Richard Roe, implicated, whose
true names the jury does not know.
In the indictment Just returned Wil
liam H. Davis, 'Mayor pf Albanv and
chairman of the Republican County
Central Committee of Linn County, is
the central figure. The Government
will attempt to prove by the evidence
against the Albany man that he went
into the alleged conspiracy to defraud
the Government knowingly and a year
after he had abandoned him claim as
the result of an- alleged correspondence
with the Land Office at -Washington.
In 1901 C. E. Loomis came to Albany
to, make a report on the claim of Davis,
and about forty-five other claims held
up by the department. The. Govern
ment asserts, that Davis, became un
easy about this time and wrote to Bin
ger Hermann, then commissioner of
the General Land Office asking his ad
.ylce. in regard to his filing. He also
asked Loomis, according to the Gov
ernment, to write to the departmenfin
regard to his claim. Under date of
March 11, 1901, it is alleged, Loomis
wrote a personal letter to Hermann
| asking his advice in relation to the
claim. The letter closed, so the Gov
ernment asserts, with the statement
that Loomis would be glad to gain any
information which might be of use to
"some very good friends" of Hermann's
in, Lynn County.
; f United States Senator John H. Mit
chell has not as yet been allowed to
appear before the Federal Grand Jury
to, hear what charges it is alleged have
been, or will be. brought against him.
'This morning he appeared at the door
of the Jury room and handed to the
a letter asking that he be al
lowed to appear b'efore the Jury to an
swer all questions' which might be put
to him in regard to his complicity In
any fraud or conspiracy, but he af
fixed a clause to the effect that he
would not go before the body unless
he could be presented with the case
against him together with the names of
the witnesses testifying to his detri
ment.
. The letter was considered by the jury
and the Senator was not called to give
his version during the forenoon. In
the afternoon . the Senator appeared
again at the jury room and asked to
be admitted but was met at the door
by Assistant District Attorney F. J.
Heney and told that he would perhaps
be allowed to go before the Jurors to
morrow.
Congressman Hermann takes the
same stand as ; does Senator Mitchell
and will be given the same answer
when he applies for admission.
New Venture In "Whaling.
DARTMOUTH, Kngland, Dec. 27. —
The Orion, a new steam whaler from
Christiania, left . this port to-day for
Victoria, B. C. as a new venture In
North Pacific whale fisheries.
;_-■/___-_•^ nnmnrin ' nnj^J L^ ris^\ r^^^ ' ■ ' - •'^'-*__-'-
Cordes Furniture Pre-emmei\t I
from every standpoint Quality and Low Prices are the cardinal points of I
this great store's policy. Eight great floors filled to overflowing with the!
't^g^^^ * fL^f^^^^^A k est the market affords. Every sale' I
fF^f^llL backed by an absolute guarantee of 1
I J^^I IlilHii^S ' satis faction, or money back.
:^^^fc- YOUR. CREDIT IS GOOD 1
* Ry^i^^^^^^^^g^y 51^-^ ( ' THREE-PIECE BEDROOM SUIT. j
JiBi^a Golden finish, prettily carved and highly
:t*|gSpr| ;«4B , polished. Dresser has bevel plate mirror.
GarpetS. y ew R-egol Range, a to
designs, exclusive vvith us. Every weave, bodies, more labor-saving devices than
ton^the modest Ingrain to the Royal an y range on the markel Full sheet I
• a choice assortment of Domestic Rugs. Pat- fl^, nickel trimmed. Made of the purest I
terns that are faithful reproductions of almost lron obtainable.. 1 We guarantee it on every Ij
; priceless Orientals. ■ v point Terms $1 down and $1 a week. |i
245-259 gEgMSl* ,g£™f S@&iililE I
FRANKLIN'S
ARREST IS
DEMANDED
Mrs. Charles E. Nelson De
clares Her Sister's Life
Was Frequently Threaten
ed by Traveling Companion
NO DOUBT OF; DEAD
WOMAN'S IDENTITY
Relatives Are Convinced
That'the .Victim of the
Cutler Mountain Murder
Was Mrs; Bessie Bouton
Escclal Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA BARBARA, Dec. 27.— After
having been shown a detailed descrip
tion of the woman murdered on Cutler
Mountain In Colorado, Mrs. Charles
Nelson, the sister of Mrs. Bessie Bou
ton, said to-day that there was no
room to doubt that Mrs. bouton was
the victim. Mrs. Nelson reiterated her
statement that,' in her opinion, Milton
Franklin, who visited this coast under
the name of George Bouton with the
girl, should be arrested. \, Franklin is
a gambler. Mrs. Nelson alleges that
he threatened the life- of Mrs. Bouton
on" several occasions.
Mrs. Nelson Is anxious to go to Colo
rado Springs to identify the body, but
claims that she has not sufficient
means to do so. She has telegraphed
to the chief of police of that city that
if he will forward her a ticket she will
leave at once.
Last August Mrs. Bessie Bouton, ac
companied by • a man claiming to be
Milton Franklin, came here from Den
ver for a visit with the Nelsons. Mrs.
Bouton Informed her sister that she
and Franklin were engaged to be mar
ried, although no date had been set
for the ceremony. 'Franklin's health
was poor and he claimed to be travel
ins for its benefit and taking a rest
from his regular occupation of a trav
elins salesman. Those who met him
during his stay here remember that
he was a very excitable and Irascible
man, and that he always carried a
couple of revolvers. It is said that be
fore he had been here long it became
apparent that he was a professional
gambler.
CLEARING THE MYSTERY.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., Dec.
27. — The theory that the woman mur
dered on Cutler. Mountain, near this
city, was Mrs. Bessie Kempter Bouton,
formerly of Syracuse, N. Y., Is still
regarded by the police here as the
strongest yet advanced. The Butte,
Mont., clew that the woman may have
been Mrs. W. J. Bodno of that place
Is discredited by the statement that
Mrs. Bodno had had her dental work
done very, recently, , The dental, .work
in the mouth of the dead woman
showed considerable wear, this fact
being regarded « by -the dental experts
who have examined, the work as Indi
cating that the dead woman yras not
younger than 25 years of age.
The police to-day have been inter
viewing the local i drug-store proprie
tors and hair dressers and have found
abundant evidence that Mrs. Bouton
was in this city for several days about
October 1, and that during her stay
here she was In the capacity of a rep
resentative of Dr. J. A. Parker Pray,
manufacturing chemist, of 12 East
Twenty-third street. New Tone
There is not a circumstance yet
brought to light, however, that gives a
clew to where Mrs. Bouton went, if
anywhere, from this city.
The mystery surrounding the mur
der is believed here to be yielding to
the/ efforts of the officers, who believe
that they are now on the right track.
HUSBAND BEARS GOOD NAME.
SYRACUSE. N. Y., Dec 27.— Mrs. C.
H. Kempter, mother of Mrs. Bessie
Bouton, ' is thoroughly convinced that
the victim of the Cutler Hill murder is
her daughter. The last letter she-re
ceived from the girl was written at the
Albany Hotel, Denver. • She would not
disclose the contents. She said the
•rlrl's name was Doske, but that she
was known as Bessie. The woman's
husband lives here. He is a mechanic
of good reputation. The couple lived
together only: a short time, and he has
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Scrofula
It is commonly inherited.
Few are entirely free from it.
Pale, weak, puny children are af-
flicted with it in nine cases out of
ten, and many adults suffer from it.
Common indications are bunches in
the neck, abscesses, cutaneous erup-
tions, inflamed eyelids, sore ears,
rickets, catarrh, wasting and general
debility.
Hood's- Sarsaparilta
and Pills
Eradicate it, positively and absolute-
ly. This statement is based on the
thousands of permanent cures these
medicines have wrought.
' Testimonials of remarkable cures matted oa
request. C I. HOOD CO.. Lowell. Mass.
One-half price on these excellent bag*-
Regular" $1.00 value. Now only BOe; -
Another line of Shopping Bags at great
reductions. Com* and see them to-day. ;
BUT A CONKLIN BKU-FILLINO PEN.
Tou'U flad It th« best and most corrro-
nlent pen you ever used. Does not soil the
lingers: does not sweat Ink: doe* not leak
nor drip; la always ready. . Prices $3.00 to
$5.00. .... ,' ;.;
1903 Art Calendars and Diaries In splen-
did variety. . »•> V., ;.
llall Orders Promptly TUled.
THAT MAN PITTS,
F. "W. PITTS. Tne Stationer, -.
1008 MARKET ST.. Opo. Titth, S. V.
FIRE SALE
- • / ? - f* ; —AT—
O'BRIEN & SONS'
Carriage Factory
Golden Gate Ave. and Polk St.
Get high-grade vehicles away
:>; below cost while we are •
reuuiiuing.
Broughams, 9-Seaters, Surreys,
Buggies, Wagons, Harness, Etc
CUTL-ERY ::'&
EVERy BLADE WARRAhfTED
Always . Remember th» Fall J<| tn«
Cart««ColdinOneDay, Crcp in2 D«ys
J& fijf £f ■■'-' onmnry
not seen her since the parting. For a
time the young woman lived In New
York.
NO CHANGE PROBABI^E
» IN CHINESE CUKRENCT
In Spite of Attempts at Reform, Got*
"eminent Plans, to Coin More ,
Copper Money. . .
PEKING. Dec. 27. — In view of the
recent attempts of Professor J. W.
Jenks to introduce Improvements In
the monetary system of China, it is
interesting to note that the Chinese
Government has under consideration
a plan for the coinage on a -large seals
of copper money. " This is taken as an
Indication that no change in the mone*
tary system is contemplated.ASSEMBLY BALL GOES WITH ZEST THAT
MAKES HOLIDAY FUNCTIONS A JOY.
BEVIES OF DEBUTANTES IN SMART FROCKS; OANGE;
MERRILY TO THE STRAINS OF EXOUISITE MELODY
BY SAIXY SHARP.
'TIs omcially decided — 10 o"clock's
ihe correct hour to put in appearance
at a ball. Ten. remember — dinner or
no dinner. That's not the question.
That was the hour most of the
smart maids and matrons of the As
sembly stepped from their carriages
last nitfht into the warmth of the
Pa!ac« court.
At half after the ball was in full
sway.
Loads of nice men 'were available
early, and "all was gay as a marriage
bell" — all save the vulnerable collars
of the dancing: men, which, alas', and
alack! behaved 6hockingly. But most
of the men of forethought had a re
lay of linen in their top coats' cav
erns. This saved the honor of th»
hour, and the men were not ouu
ehone by the maids in sweet and crisp
attire. And such are the rewards ot
forethought!
The ballroom ttcls fair to look upon
last night, with its pungent pines and
firs standing sentinels at every pillar.
The music came from a latticed
bower, palm-hidden, and was alluring
enough to tempt the chaperones to tap
their dear little toes on the maple.
The following Is the list of patron
esses: " Mrs. A. H. Voorhies, Mrs.
Eleanor Martin, Mrs. W". A. McKit
trlck. Mrs. James Porter Langhorne,
Mrs. William F. Herrin. Mrs. John D.
Spreckels. Mrs. Bowman McCalla and
Mrs. Frank Sullivan.
The absence from the receiving
party of Mrs. Alfred Hunter Voor
hies and Mrs. Bowman McCalla was
much regretted, though Mrs. Coolidge
graciously consented to assist in Mrs.
Voorhies' absence.
At the midnight hour supper was
eerved In the Maple room, wher«
tome mighty clever toasts were drunk
in bumpers deep to the "glad new
year."
Among th« attractively gowned
■wornen ■were:
Miss Elsie Sperry. white chiffon, gold
epangled. with medallions of blue for
get-me-nota. Wreath of forget-me
nots.
Miss Helen Dav!«, pink flowered net
over white silk.
Miss Maya Colburn, gown of black
lace and jet.
Miss Alice Borel, white chiffon, em
broidered In pansles over white satin.
Miss Sophie Borel, embroidered
white Swiss over satin.
Miss Beatrice Fife, black-beaded
lace.
Miss M&yllta Pease, flowered chiffon
over white satin, with , point lace
Ehoulier flounce.
Miss Alice Dray, black -spangled lac*.
Miss Aileen Robinson, pale blue point
d>sprlt over blue silk.
Mrs. William Ede. white-spangled
chiffon over white satin; ornaments of
rubies and pearls.
. Miss Cutter, white point d'esprlt
«ver white chiffon, with streamers and
trimming ci white daisies..
Miss Jessie McNab was most becom
ingly gowned In a p!nk embroidered
chiffon over pink crepe, with orna
ments of pearls.
Miss Edna Middleton was In pink
chiffon.
Miss Elsie Clifford wore her dainty
debutante gown of white point d'esprit
over white silk and looked very sweet
and girlish.
Miss Florence Cole wore a pink
dowered grenadine, with ornaments of
diamonds and pearls.
Mrs. Redmond Payne was attrac
tively gowned in black lace, most be
coming.
Miss Pearl Sabin wore a pompadour
chiffon and Miss Irene Sabin was very
dainty in a wliit<». embroidered chiffon
Tiith serpentine bands of white shirred
*atin.
'Mirs Turner, white chiffon satin,
with necklace of rabies and pearls.
Mrs. Coolidge were a handsome Im
ported gown of white point d'esprit
and lace, with medallions cf forget
me-nots; ornaments, diamonds.
Miss Dorothy Dustan, a dotted silk
mull, tpanglod with silver rose leaves.
Mrs. E. B. Grace, was becomingly
gowned in a violet point d'esprit over a
violet silk with embroidered yoke of
violets.
Miss Alice Treanor. pink flowered
chiffon over silk.
Mrs. "William Lemman. <HeIen Petti
grer.) was strikingly handsome in a
ri'hly spangled black lace gown and a
wide collar of pearls and ornaments of
diamonds.
Miss Eapgett. pink chiffon with im
ported applique design.
Miss Moss Rose wore a unique and
beautiful rob? of pale green point
d'esprit over yellow chiffon, with me
dallions of pale green velvet.
Miss Blanche Southack v.as prettily
dressed in white tulle over pink satin.
Mrs. Gaston Ashc was in a most be
coming frock of white point d'esprit
over white satin, .with flounce of
du^hcr,se lace and wreath of red roses.
Mrs. Bagrgett, black velvet of du
■tiifffce \nof.
Mtes Violet Buckley wore a beautiful
imported gown of pink chiffon em-
Itroi'iercd in rink roses. -•-. -
Mrs. Eleanor. Martin, -heaviiy Jetted
black lac-e over chiffon, and handsome
diamond -ornaments.
.MIfs GeorgSe Spieker was lovely in
an imported Viennese gown.
Miss , Maisie. JLanshorne was very
pretty in finely tucked white satin chlf-
Mr«. Krauthoff looked very hand
some in pink chiffon with, bands of
white embroidered lace and girdle of
Lm-sderi silk. Diamonds and pearls.
Miss Elsa Draper was Jn a becoming
satin gown with lace flounces and
strings of yellow roses. Mr*. Draper
.wore black chiffon: and point lace and
pn exquisite pearl necklace.
ADVI-IRTISESIEXTS.
It's Easier
i^giirTiir'TnTnrgri ifii iijinjii.i_[Oinm?wiiPT;
To cure than *>ndure those dreadful sick
f nervous headfichrs.
tfe ell in knowing how.
In just a few minutes, without any
«Hher effects but Just to cure the pain—
Dr. Miles' Anti-Pain Pills will relieve
you of your suffering:. If it's any pain.
Rnywhere. or from any cause. Just take
one of
Dr. Miles'
Anti-Pain Pills
And in a. verj- few minutes you will ra-<»
no further thoughts about either pain's or
Sills and can go about your business or
pleasure, free from suffering: or distress
« "^2 r , ycftrs s »* n * of nervous headache
would lay me up for two or three days
at a time. I have.no more such days I
take one Dr. Miles' Anti-Pain PJ11. and in
20 minutes It fe usually all jrone."—MRS
mm RECORD. Claremoat. N..H
If you ar»> not satisfled with first box
your druggist will return your money
I »5 doses. 26 cents. Never sold In bulk.-
LONDON SUBWAY
NOT ABANDONED
Pierpont Morgan to Make
-Another Attempt to Put
l^is Plans Into Effect
Special Dlsnatch to Ths CalL
LONDON, Dec, 27.— J; Pierpont Mor
gan's sixteen-mile' electric underground
railway scheme, which is to connect
London' with the counties of Essex and
Herts, is not , going . to be abandoned,
as it was supposed. Parliamentary
notices will be served at the beginning
of the new year and Parliament, when
It meets in February, will be asked to
grant the necessary powers to construct
the proposed line.
The scheme will meet with th» most
determined opposition from existing
railway companies whose train service
touches the particular districts which
the new "tube" — as they always call
such railways here — would cover, but
as most of the region is inhabited by
the working classes it la believed that
the government will agree that such a
railway is a public necessity.
The promoters of the scheme fear
the opposition of the London County
Council most. This' body, which gov
erns-municipal London, proposes to
construct a system of electric street
car lines through the same region, and
it does not want Morgan's competi
tion. But the views of the different
public men in the districts affec.ted
have been canvassed by the ' Morgan
people, who claim to have indications
that the "tube" would be welcomed.
All the material collected in this way
• will be r>laced before the Parliamen
tary committee,, with which rests the
fate of the scheme. . . -
The r>!an was thrown out before
chiefly on the ground that it was over
capitalized, the capital is to be re
duced this time to' $35,000,000. There- is
a rumor that Sir Thomas Lipton is in
terested in the deal, but this cannot
be confirmed.
SENATE OF COLORADO
MAV BE EVK.VLY DIVIDED
Make-Up «f the L : pjk*r House De
. pcntls Upon Supreme Court
, 1J Decision.
DENVER, Colo.. Dec. .27. — The.Su
preme Court to-day heard .an argu
ment on the* application of Dr.
Michael Beshoar. Las Anlnias* Sena^
torial ca'ndidate.* for' leave' to file an
application for a writ of mandamus
compelling the State • Canvassing
Board to count the "returns as . sent
In. which show that Beshoar was
elected. The Republicans have
asked the State Canvassing Board to
ro behind the returns and give Ihe
certificate to Barrela. on the ground
of alleged .frauds in Trinidad in the
interest cf Beshoar/ The decision of
this case will apply also to the Boul
der County Senatorial contest, which
is of a similar nature.
Jf certificates be issued to the Dem*
ocratic candidates shown to be elected
on the face of the returns there will
be a tie in the Senate, which will con
sist of seventeen "Republicans and
seventeen ■ Democrats, one seat being
vacant owing to the failure of Gov
ernor Peabody to call- a" special elec
tion for the choosing of a successor
to the late Senator Buckley. Although
the time -for.- canvassing the returns
expires to-morrow,- the court did ,not
announce its decision to-day on the
mandamus proceedings. - ' ... ,
Emmet 3Iay Acquitted.
HONOLULU, Dec. 21. — Emmet
May, who came here from San Fran
cisco two weeks. ago to stand trial on
a charge of embezzlement, was ac
quitted by a jury in, Judge Robinson's
court. May was accused. of converting
to his own u£e ' the sum of $1000,
which came into hlg^possession 1 as
trustee f or ; Mrs. -, Bettencourt on an in
surance policy. •:".. ;-. L ../....,
THE ' SAN CALL; WEDNESDAY^ DECEMBER 28, 1901.
THfiEE CHARMING- MAIDS WHO DANCED AT 71IK AS.SEMBL7 ■ AT THE
PALACE HOTKL LAST NIGHT. TWO .OF- WHOM BISI-OXC TO THE FASCI- '
NATINQ COTERIE OF THE WINTER'S DEBUTANTES. ,
PERSONAL.
J. Craig of Woodland Is at", the
Grand.
William Shaw of 'Sacramento Is
staying at the Grand.
Governor and Mrs. Pardee are reg
istered at the Palace. ; •
Warren Crocker, a business man
of Placervllle, Is at the Grand.
John McDonald and wife of Daw
son arrived at the ; Palace -yesterday.
Franklyn Leonard Sr., a mining
man of- Sutro, New, is at the. Palace.
J. R. Prince, one of Tuolumne
County's well known mining men,' is
at the Palace.
John FInnell, one of Tehama Coun
ty's wealthiest rdnchers. is registered
at the Palace. • <• •
Harry H. Dryer and wife of New
York are among; the latest arrivals at
the SL Francis. ' . ».'-;.* . ; ■:; .
II. Z. Osbohie. United States Mar
shal for the' Southern District of Cal
ifornia, is at the^Palace.;
Among: yesterday's arrivals at the
Palace v.as Comte G. Vennutelle of
Rorae, who has been making a- tour
of this const. .'-:.'. -,* i'iC'A'.-'
James R. McCracken, who is promi
nently identified with various big en
terprises in Portland, and his wife
are at the St. ' Francis: ■
Among. the guests at ttie\ St. "Fran
cis are Mr. and Mrs. Gay. Lombard of
Portland, who were married . in f the
latter city last Saturday.,
'• L. Kra'use, a well, known merchant
of- Portland, and his wife are in 'this
city for a visit -of several-weeks and
are staying with Mr. and; Mrs. Adler
at 527 Octavla street.
E. W. Gillett; general freight and
passenger agent of the San Pedro, Loji
Angeles and « Salt Lake road, Is at the
Palace on his way to New York after
spending Christmas with his family
Sn Los -Anereles. • • . »
Julius kruttschnitt, director of
maintenance • and operations of the
Harrlmari lines, - is now, in Xew Or
leans .and from there he will journey
to this city, inspecting en -route the
lines of the Southern Pacific. .
Jay Adams, Pacific Coast agent of
the Nickel Plate : road, -who was one
of the delegates to the recent annual
meeting of the American Association
of Traveling Passenger Agents in the
City of Mexico, where he* was : elected
president of the organization, returned
to San Francisco 5'esterday. '
Woman. Shoplifter .Caught.
lone Morse, a young woman. . was
arrested yesterday. by Special Polices
man" Allen and. charged with petty
larceny. The woman-; was caught „ In
the act of stealing articles in. the Em
porium. Allen watched' her'take the
goods, and- when searched- several ar%
tides ■ were., found in her possession.
The woman- wore a coat which had'a
large pocket, into which , she '.would
place her stealings. She says »he Is- a
dressmaker, and gives her residence' afe
Hinckley place. . / - v. '- :
•We;- are. told : .that- a turned child
dreads . the «ftre,' yet lots of .widowers
marry again. . ■.., .. v . . _ . ;■
RECORDS FILED
IN FRUIT CASE
Appeal ,of Railroads From
Y/ellbonrs Decision to. Be
v Heard : by Su premc Court
WASHINGTON, Dec. 27.—Volumin
ous records In the case -of- the Inter
s-tate 'Commerce Commission against
the Southern Pacific, the Atchison, To
peka arid Santa Fa Railway. Company,
the fcanta Fe-Pacinc Railway Company
and • 4 th£ Southern California, Railway
"were filed in the Supreme Court of the
•United Stale's to-day. -The litigation Is
known' as thi citrus fruit case,- which
was decided against, the railroads by
"judse" Wellliorn of the .Ninth ..Circuit
last September. * The companies then
appealed to the Supreme Court. , -
■ . -Shippess of fruit from,Southern'Call
fotnia coniplainsd , to tlie "Interstate
Commerce Commission .that, the ,rail-
Voads insisted they "had the'*rlght to
route 'fruit shipments over -Eastern
reads of their own selection. com
mission: decided that the shippers had
the right to select the. , routes over
which their shipments should be made.
The railro'auls also were ordered to dis
play to" the public their rates for the
transportation of j,fruits. /.The Circuit
Court sustained these orders.
PRESGOTT PROBABLY "WILL. ;
; BE' SPEAKER OF ASSEMBLY
Stantou Withdraws From • Contest.
Senator Wolfe Has Support of
the Southern /Solons'.;.,' ;
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 27. — Unless
there is a stronger ''Candidate in the
north,' and that is not considered
likely; Frank • C. Prescott will -be
Speaker of the Assembly, at the com
ing session "of 'the Legislature. "Phil
A. StantoYi;- who had 1 practically the
entire Southern California members
-lined rup' for him, has' ' virtually
.withdrawn^from the 'contest and with
Stantonout of It the southern mem
bers wilFsupport Prescott.
• Stanton\expects t to be chairman, of
the Ways J arid -Means .Committee arid
] the party leader upon the floor of the
lov.-er. house. . ,.-
The Southern California Senators
will almost to ' a 'mah'Tsupp'ort Senator
AVolfe of San Francisco for -president
pro tem. of thc"Senate. ; ~ -" . ■• r
Fairbanks- Initiated ' by' Masons.
* IxpiANAPOLIS, Dec! 27.— Senator
Charles \V. Fairbanks, .Vice, pfesfdent
elect,ovas"initlated'into;the!< secrets of
Masonr>' i.to-day. v i. The /initiation /,wa«
made theioccasion of one of the?most
>iooible .gatherings vof ••; Masons "ever
held in^ Indiana. . . . .. . . , .
BARD AND FLINT
ARE FOREMOST
Statesmen From Los Au-
x j?eles Claim Forty - Six
'Totes for Tlieir Candidate
ADVANCE GUARD IS HE11E
Organization Has Given No
Sign, of Interference in
'the Senatorial Contest
Governor George C.Pardee came in
from Sacramento last evening and will
leave the city tn-day for San Jos« to
attend the educational convention.
Frank P. Flint of Los Angeles, on* of
the leading candidates for . United
States Senator, arrived from the south
yesterday and will remain here to ex
change views with statesmen and oth
ers, until next Saturday or Sunday,
when he will leave for Sacramento.
Leo Youngwood and Dr. Balch are with
Mr. Flint, ji Eight or ten progressive
citizens of the southland will arrive in
San Francisco to-morrow* and proceed
immediately to the agreeable duty of
sounding. 'the praises of the Los Ange
les aspirant for Senatorial honors.
AH signs point to a remarkably act
ive campaign in Sacramento in behalf
of. Mr. Flint. The aspirant himself
seems confident of success. When asked
last evening for an estimate of his
strength he replied:
I expect forty-six votes on tht first ballot.
Independent of , any support from the organ
ization. If tha strength of ihe organization
torr.es to me on the tint ballot I will be
elected, i If It goes to scm$ other candidate
the, contest will be prolonged.'
*In the Bard camp there seems to be
growing, confidence that the Senator
will be re-elected. The claim is ad
vanced, that Bard will get at least for-*
.ty-two votes on the first ballot. E. O.
Gerberding, who is paying attention te»
the political interests of Senator Bard,
Will be here to-morrow. . There Is an
impression that the Senator will be In
.Sacramento early next week, but at
last accounts Mr. Gerberding had not
.received, definite . information on this
point.
Estimates as to the strength of^Henry
T. Oxhard and George A. Knight vary.
There Is gossip to the effect that'Ox
nard'wlH get twenty "votes at the out
set.. It is said that George Knight will
register a >oting strength of at least
eight on the first ballot. Politicians
would not be surprised if the figure
reached fourteen.
I " The .sentiment is widespread In Re-
I publican, camps that the Senatorship
I belongs to the south,. not on geograph
ical" grounds., but on the basis of good
party politics. The stalvrart adhesion
ot southern Republicans to the party
.'ticket ' in the State campaign of 1302
elected Governor. Pardee. It is re
marked .that the other United States!
Senator; George C. Perkins, the Cabi- j
• net. Minister." the Governor. Lieutenant,
Governor, Secretary of State, Con
troller and Attorney General hail from '
Northern-" California, hence it .Is faic j
and just^lllat "Senator Bard's succless'or j
xhould be named by the Southern Cali
fornia" Republicans. ; '"
• The- organization ■ is supposed to de
.rlve itsi-strsnglh from th&""o'«slres .of '
, the. Senators and Representatives in i
Congress, and from the Governor of the
State and other Republican " leaders.
i TheS6Uthern Pacific's political bureau
.wields more or less power in affairs j
connected with the organization und
"gives expression to its desires through
agents appointed to-confer with legis
i lators. Local leaders, such as Ruef,
Rlordan; Ach, Lynch and Postmaster '
| Fisk, affiliate with the organization '
'"and accept the programme. . |
i The r or»rani2ation has not yet an- 1
nounfce'd Its candidate for Senator, and
i the opinion is expressed that no pro- j
j gramme will be issued. A .well-posted,
j old-time programmer says:.
! ' ThV Senatorship is In 'the air bo far us the j
railroad people and others of -the organisation i
I are. concerned. The .rumor that the railroad I
j ha« dec!drd ayainst Bard Is not plaualble. Such
' a. decision would provok* the hostility of-Bard's
supporters without riving strength to any;
otb*r > candidate. It is ray Impression that the :
contest is between Bard and Flint. I* the!
liKht is prolonged Oxnard may develop con- j
siderabl* strength.' The orsanization may de
cide to keep hands off.
'-.«-;; ■ ' • _ _•-
TEACHERS 01 C1LB1M,
Continued From Pnge 1, Column 5.
the High School." Professor Hermann Kower,
Vaivertity ,of California; "Some Drawing Prob
lems," Miss Shirley Charles. Palo Alto: "What
Monterey Is Dolne.'M?. H. Meeictr. Monterey;
"7hei Relative Worth of the Manual Arts in
Kdutation," V. R. Augsburg. Oakland: "Man-
Bal-TrttlnlnK In the San. Jose Normal School.""
E. R. Kny4er. San Jose; "Map Matins." \\*\
t?r \J.' Kenycn, Kf.n Franclsoo Normal: "Tne
rinlwt;itr -.Coarse Approved by th« State of
Massachusetts" (illustrated by a set of draw-
Inge) Professcr A. B. Clark': "The Conditions
of Special Teachers of Drawing
and Manual Training in -Every School," Pro
feseor David S. Snedden. Stanford University.
• . •• 'MUSIC SECTION'S.
The Music Section was a great at
traction' for the teachers. . Besides the
papers a fine musical programme was
given. Mrs. L. V. Sweesy of Berkeley
was chairman and Miss Emily Dodge
of ' Stockton secretary. The pro
gramme was a's follows:
Chotu's. i "Our Jack" (Tratsre'», , Boys* Glee
riub'I-alo Alto Hirh School: solo. "The Snal
lows" M'owenl, -Miss ' Ethel Sherman . Jones,
Berkeley: .address, .VWhat. I»ss . Da Stu
dents Sustain V. ho Do Not Have Music in
Tlieir Sclxols?" Mrs. K9te C .Wood. . Elko,
XsV'AiWs,' "L*P Sailor Hoy" 4Bul!ard).
Girls' ""tilt* Club, Palo Alto High School:
chorus "The Nlghfs" <noberti). Girls' Gl-»e
Club, Pala Alto Hl*h School; eddre*s, "Khythm
From the Child's Pclnt of View," Mrs. Ger
t-ude 'Parrcns/ J^os Angeles Klrh Schosl:
so!o, • VBevausa"' . (D'Hardeict). C. G.
Macurca. San Francisco; violin solo: a
rtund* thblt *as 1»<J -by K. - F. JefTers, Palo
Aitc a«slst«d ,by Mr. Schernrr.eil, San Jose
Norrnal; Mrs. l.cster. Supervisor of Music,
Sacramento: --M'm Emily Dodre. Supervisor
ot . ,jiii!|lc, Stockton; Mm Ida Fisher, Super
visor, cf Music, Alameda.
', '■"-. •' LOOSK IjEGISIJVTIOX.
.i'The County Board of Education Or
ganization had an interesting, session
this, morning. P. II. Fisher of Oak
land, .was chairman and A. A. Bailey
of .Martinez secretarj'- "The Certifi
cation-of Teachers", was • the title of
an -Insiructlve paper read by Mark
Kepp«l, County Superintendent , of
School* of Los Angeles County. He
referred to the loose legislation by
.which" both .'county; and- State board3
of' education were organized and said
that.- any -bright- lawyer- could close
them out — 'the county: board in about
thirty -'days and the State board in
thirty' minutes. Hz. held that the State
board should be required to show the
basis" 'upon : which it granted special
credentials for high school certificates.
This should be for the Information of
county v boards. He recommended that
superintendents should have as much
power, in granting' temporary certif
icates ds'.has;the'State board. He also
recommended ; that power to examine
for, high school certificates be restored
1 to"; county boards, for the opportunity
ought to be given every teacher to get
a> high 1 ' school certificate ; If . he or • she
wants* it without being, compelled ■ to
nttend ? a' university. ~ He ; also favored
the restoration of the power of ; couu-
•^ ;• ', DR. KIOIER'S SWAMP-ROOT^
■ ; TROUBLE AND DDNT KNOW IT
To Prove What Swamp-Root, the Great Kidney Remedy,
Will Do for YOU, Every Reader of "The Call" May
Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
Weak and urhtalthy kidneys arc respon-lb'c for* more sick-
ness and 6u?'ierin£ than : any other diseaae—i he eforc. when
through neglect tr othsr caus=s» kidney trou .Is is permitted to
continue, .fatal, results ere *urc to follow.
You^ other organs- may ne :d attention- bat your kidneys
most, becaus: they d t. most and n:ed attention fi.*st.
If you ars-sick or "fcsl bad!y," be£:n taking Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, the gr^ot kldr.cy.: liver and __ bladder rcmsdy, be-
cause as socn as you* kdncys begin to get better they wi 1 help
alt the other or ans to ho-lth. A tritil wil cjnvinc; any one.
■• " '• • • ' : - : -: •"''.• — , .- t ■ 3 I
Thi.trr.ild and immediate, effect of [symptoms of which are— obiiged to
Swamp-Root, the great kidney < and \ P«s your water frequently night and
b«rcfi% issoon r ca,i«d. It gggWggg^S^
stands, .the highest for its wonderful headach - Ci backache, lame back, dizzi-
curcs of the most distressing cases. ne3S> poor digestion, sleeplessness.
Swamp-Root'will set your whole sys- nervousness, heart disturbance due to
item right,' and the best proof of this bad kidney trouble, skin eruption*
' is a trial from bad blood, neuralgia, rheuma-
....!-:.-. ST ' melroce M»ss tism." diabetes, bloating, irritability.
DEAr.iiR?" jan? mhMwS: wornout feeling, lack of ambition, loss
| "Ever »lnc» I was in ihe Army I had more o f flesh. SallOW complexion, or
or teas kWney trouble, and Trltfcin the r*»t Ri-IwVif't
year It became so s<-v«-re and corapUcatoJ th*l ongnt S disease.
1 «ufT«re«l evtrytbinc *nd was much alarmed — jf y Our water when allowed to TS-
1 rVw r . e^^at"rt: 9 P eme e n t W ors^ m !,"-oSf Tn'i main undisturbed in a glass or bottle
wrote' asking for advice, i b^gan ths u»e of f or twenty-four hours, forms a sedi-
the meJicino alnd n6t»J a tiecMed improvement . _._ f _, /_ tt i;««r r,r h^k a <-tn«Hv »n.
I atter takjr-s swamp-noct only » short time. I ment or settling or nas a ciouay ap-
i "i eontinuued ita.uieand. &nvihanjifui to *ay j pearance. it is evidence that your
that 1 am entirely cured ar?d xtronj. la cr«er u;j ni . v - --A h\->Ac\rr r\f?A immfiiti^
to i» very sure about »hu i had a doctor Mam- j Mape>s ana oiaaacr neca lrameaa.e
Jut wmje'trf- my_ water io-d«y a:»d h« pro- j attention. »
1 SI^J5^1» 1^ B 4A«SSSSS S?SS» S^vamp-Root is pleasant to take and
j rentable and does net contain %ny harmTul j j s £ O r sale at druff Stores the world'
SSi*^^^^^^^ 1^^^^^ .<^>? 5" bottles of two sizes and two
i am. .,-, ., . , very truly -yours. . prices — fifty cents and one dollar. Re-
... ... " l - c - Richardson-.- m:mbcr t he name, S^vamp-Root. Dr.
I Swamp : Root is not recommended j Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and the ad-
for everything, but it promptly cures dress, Binghamton, N. Y., on every
kidney^ liver'and bladder troubles, the I bottle.
' 'EpiTbRIAL NOTE— In order to prove the wonderful merits of
■ Swamp-Root you may have a sample bottle and a book of valuable infor-
, mation.. both sent absolut=jy free by mail. The book contains many of the
thousands upioii thousands; of testimonial letters received from men and
women cured. The value and success of Swamp-Roo: are so well known
• that our readers arc advised to send for a sample bottle. In sending your
; address to Dr.' Kilmer & Co.. Binghamton. N. Y.. be sure to say you read
! this generous offer-in the San Francisco Daily Call. The genuineness of
j »his offer is. 'guaranteed. :
ty boards to issue special certificates
in thfc-languagesiand other subjects.
.The. . other . questions considered
were:
••Compcsitlen of County Boards." James B.
Davidson, San Rafael: "Relation ..of .County
Boards, to Hi?ti Schools." E. H. Walker. Han
ford: "PrcriotlCn and Graduation of Pupils.
W. A. KlrkwoodT Marttn'z; "Compensation,
Mileage.' Kxpens.es... etc./' E^ B. Wright.
Stockton; "Lesislatlon," W. L. Willis, Dicra
mchto: '-•.••. ..■ . .
IZTHICS DISCUSSED.
The California Council of Educa
tion m*t this- afternoon. President E.
C. Moore « presiding. The .committee
on professional ethics reported. Chair
man Van Llew v/as absent and Pro-,
fessor .Miller of the Chico Normal
School re,ad the report. A commit
tee, with Professor lliller as chair
man, was 'appointed* <m draw up a set
of resolution^ embodying the. recom
mendations of the report. ,
The. teaching of "reading was "re-,
ported on orally by T. L. Heaton. the
chairman. He showed . the great im
provement made in reading, in the last
flftren years and "explained the' plan
of teaching.' Professor Jenkins of
Stanford and City . Superintendent
Wells took part in the discussion.'
The 'committee, on county. instftutes,
of Vwhjch E. M. Cox is chairman,' re
ported. The report recommeivds - that
the • institute -be continued; as it is a
great benefit to teachers.
H. tMi Bland, chairman of -a com
mittee, .appointed by the Schoolmen's
Club of this city to. investigate the
new hl{jh .school law. reported, recom-
■•'-•;'/ •_ _ * ' ADVERTISE31EXTS.
Vg|WorlWComi»rtfe$3^50 \
, ': THE MODEL OB-HEATER. <
■'. Cures that cold and shivering feeling — for your home or ,
1 ' offic^-ITS SMOKELESS— ODORLESS— SAFE AND <
* "DURABLE— RADIATES HEAT FROM ALL SIDES.
fe ; >viS: \Z2rl32. SUTTER St. w )
mcnrtlngr that the Legislature chanjes
the law so as to lift the burden ot
taxation from high school districts.
The report was adopted.
The election of officers went over
until to-morrow morning.
The teachers' institutes of Santa
Clara. Santa Cruz. San Mateo and
San Benito counties and Berkeley
met to-day and organized and then
adjourned to attend the sessions of
the organization's meeting.
WOMEN SLAVES BROUGHT
HERE FROM HONOLULU
Regular Company «r Japanese Said to
Be Operating Between Islands
and San Francisco.
HONOLULU. Dec. 21.— Hawaii
Shinpo. a local Japanese paper, says
that there is a regular company of
Japanese operating between here and
San Francisco, which sends women
from here to San Francisco to hold
them there In virtual slavery. Ac
cording to the Japanese paper *th*
passports required here by the steam
ship companies by departing: passen
gers are used over and over again and
command regular prices. The Shln
po says that there has been an unus
ual movement of women to San Fran
cisco latery.
,PITTSBi;RG. Pa.. D*c. 27.— John Guy rore
man of bricklayer?, was burned to death and
five others seriously lnjureii In an explosion
to-day In furnace J of the Kdrar Thnmwa
plant or the Carnegie Steel Company at Brati
ilock.
34
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
SHOW AGILITY
IN ATHLETICS
Policemen Pass Examination
TmKhing Ability to Eun,
Leap,. .Climb and Carry
3ffiET Es A GYMNASIUM
Secretary Fawcett of -Board
'/Inaugurates Test to Deter
mine. .Physical Capacity
Oakland OCce San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway. Dec 27.
\rilllain F. TVooSa. Charles Jorgen
eoh," Charles F. McCarthy and Thomas
Boyle, arpoictees to the police force,
itiaiijcurated to-dav the new physical
test" examination which vras ordered
Slvea bv the Board ' of Police and
Fire Commissioners before appointees
Ehc*i!d be eligible to talie positions.
The tests were made at the Reliance
Ath!e<ic Cub gymnasium. They •were
in charge of W. B. Fav.cett, secretary
of -<he board and former snuperintend
«nt of the club. In selecting the events
in "which the. men were to take part
Secretcft-y Fawcett chose simple but
effective tests that should demonstrate
whether there was physical fitness in
the appointees for any strenuous work
aj patrolmen that should befall them.
man was • compelled to vault
four feet, clinrb a seven-foot fence.
•carry » 150- pound ■weijrht man and run
half a mile inside of four minutes.
' Secretary Favcett said the results
•>»'ere Satisfactory. Each candidate per
forrfiei his prescribed feats with plenty
to "srare in the way of exertion of
strength. ..
plan will be followed in the fu
ture ciamination of applicants for po
citiocs in. the Police Department. The
Cornrplssioners are desirous of arous
ing a'n, interest in athletics among
members cf the department, and also
in the. Fire Department.
SOCIETY WILL
. : WATCH PASSING
'; : . OF OLD YEAR
By Zoe Green Raddiffc.
OAKLAND. Dec. 27.— It Is near the oawn
ef another year, and already the Christinas
tree's fr!cw la ruling in the roey light cf hope
that *.J»i>s heralis the approach of a new
y«tr — the hope cf better things to ccme. of
3oy» yet unknown. So. with the gttts) that
«a» *'ith the VuletlJe scarce grown cold In
cur gratp. -we are preparing to greet .the -new
year with ail the enthusiasm that is generally
accorded a gvest frcm mhena we expect much.
TVatchnifht parties are being planned la
xnacy heme*. The majority, of cocr*e. being
inforsal cf intimate friends. The
tinner &Gri 4tWw>the A. e. ilacdoaalis are
a-ivlng at tie Country Club Xew Tear's, how
ever. prcnJis*s to be a brilliant aZair. Mrs.
3. P. Cccit irUl entertain a merry party ca
the same .sight in hoacr cf a young couple
***ho w;U b« briie and groom Icr.g before an
ether New Tear s eve — M:ss Mcliie Brcwn and
Dr. Phillip i>ahl:a. &Its» Brown is £ «!st-r cf
3diss ITerenco Brcwa, Dr. W. S- . Porter's fair,
your^ "iB.nr«e. It :» ar. Interesting coinci
dence ti-.ar bcth r!rl*. the fisughters cf a doc
tor, ehouid wed pcveic:ar.s.
Miss Leu rvnjsDn and Mrs. Richard Ayre
fcave asked a hair dcrcn friends to Jcin their
fan^y party in watching the eld year'a pasa
tag.-
. 'A "Chrirteia*-tr«* corner was given by Mr.
and Slri .A. I* Stone yesterday at their chana-
Jag hem* en Vernoa Heights. The large tree.
Ix5es with F-ts, wt» lllanilnated with tiny
fiertnc :li£his.
•\mcrg those who enicyed the aSair were:
21r. aid- Mrs. E3war3 Lacy Braytcn. Mr. and
Mrs. A. {?. MaciasaM, Mr. and Mrs. Bey
lUedecjId. Xz. and Mrs. William ilaedcnald.
2ir. es»i Mrs. George W. McNear Jr.. Mr. and
Mrs. Egbert S-.ose. Miss B*rnlce MaedcnaJi.
3&r*. 'WSIliarn Hs.v»m*yer. M:ss Vera Have
neyer. fe« 3£:s&es Ernestine iicXear, Einnia
SicXear. Therese William?. Eiise Detrlck. Al
bertine E»etrick. Mildred Macdonaid and Mas
ters George, lltXetr, Clarence WlUianaa. Have
fcej-«- And Dctrick.
• • •
Mr« . Vontell Taylor was hectess to-Aay at
the TuejCay Club's meeting, this Jolly little
clab'ftjcluiing aiacng its members: Miss Edith
GacJuil. Jfis* ChrisaJe Taft. iliss Jane CreUin.
yii-r* E-.hH Creihn. Mrs. Irving Landborg. Mrs.
■Wickers Havess. Mrs. John J. Valentine Jr..
X.t%. W !Ui*rn Wait. Mia» CUlre Cfcabot. Miss
Gertrud« Alien. Mima Marietta Havens, Miss
i*~. i'.i'V..rs*.
K!ss* •rthsl Hewert r«i«roos!y entertained
■ twesty-flve orphaned little ones from the Fred
r.a«Ji A*ylua yesterday. Music, games and
a wonierT.ll tre^ wer« amesg the Christinas
Jcjs pcMidsd isr the happy party.
• • • .**■
'lT!sS» ZJ:\ Schlesslr.ger is planning a iarre
"te. ica»" f^r Mits Gertrude Voorhles. Jan
cary 3 is the date.
Inri^.t}cns are cst for the w*d*!sj cf Miss
Jessie *>-urR* and Boratio F. StciJ cf.t-aa Fran
cisco. It will take place en Thursday evening.
January 12. at Olivary Prwfcytcrian Church.
«n<! w;il dc-ufcti; 1 ** t* a ferftiiant' event, as bcth
fvi£e mi>& KTtKru have ncstc uX friezuis en .bcth
•ides £f th« bay. Mr. £icC has been ca the
»-.•■-:... -• - ~ cf the A-f.rr;: ' Icr several
years, and his fcriie to -be- is an vnnsuallr
cierer ' msfic'.an. . " •* * *_ U-:
- e .• e * e .■
The storic left a wy substantial present la
the Or*c^n hcrne cf Sir. and Mrs. Charles
Tower m ;ise farm cf a luaty yocng personage
Is be kscwa &c r-- ■_*'... 5 Kendall Tcwer. He
arrived en I>ec*fr3ber 22.
Mrs. Tsrafr «ra« formerly iSisa Pearl Ken
dall cf Oakland. Her mother. Mrs. Lcng.
•w«nt to.Pcrt:3i:d scsae weeks ago. and expect
to sp«n3 tlsc winter In the Bcnh>
PURPOSES TO ABOLISH '
. c . I' MUCH* JURY, SERVICE
BUT Prepared to Do Away .With Such
.'"iHals for Many 3LLsdezneanors
.* in Police Courts. •
"OAKLAND. Dec. 27. — City Attorney
3. E. McElroy has received a copy of
k proposed amendment to the Penal
Code to abolish jury trials in all cases
In Police and Justices* courts of vag
rancy and like petty offenses, as -well
es in all prosecutions of violations of
ronnty or municipal ordinances.
J. -D. Fredericks. District Attorney
of Los Angeles County, is father to the
measure, which will be submitted to
the next Legislature. The bill pur
poses to do away with a vast amount
cf jury work in misdemeanor cases.-.
BRlfcZLATER FALLS — Ozklacd Dec •?
C. C. liaihews. a tticUayer fell from a fcous*
ki which fa« tra» wcrBsj at Foarte*cih and
Fili*-y «r**t» this afternoon, trek* his coUar
betje tad tastaiSMi nc=epoc« severe fcruists
H« was taken :» ib« Reeeivlaf EosjltaL
rber* Ms ls*ur:t* uere dr«a*ed.
FREE A FREE
PLUM PUDDING
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
LIBBY'S
HOME-MADE
PLUM PUDDINU.
Free With Every Small Ad ux \
Sunday, Call.
- ______ . ■
See SnzaH Ad Page for Fcrther |
Particulars. -j-
— — . -2-
SAVES SPOUSE
FROM FLAMES
Attorney Fred Button Fights
Fire That Envelops His
Wife in a Perilous Blaze
HUSBAXD % IS INJURED
Wat inrs Clothes Are Caught
While She Is Warming
Herself at an Open- Grate
Oakland Office • San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Dec 27.
In a battle with flames to save his
wife from being burned to death, Fred
L. Button, an attorney of this city, was
severely Injured last night at their res
idence, 56S Thirty- fourth street. Mrs.
Button was slightly burned, but
through her husband's prompt action
was rescued from peril.
"While standing: In front of sn open
grate warming herself by tha brisk
fire, Mrs. Button's garments caught
flre. Button, who was In a near-by
room, heard, her cry for help. He
rushed to her and saw the flaming
clothing. He grabbed a large rug and
managed to wrap it about Mrs. But
ton, smothering the fire, but not until
he had been severely burned about the
hands.
Despite the intensely painful in
juries, the plucky lawyer held on to
the rug until he was sure that the
flames had been subdued. Attention
was given to Mrs. Button at once. It
was found that she had escaped seri
ous injury. She suffered considerably
from nervous shock. Button was able
to be about' to-day, but his hands were
swathed in soothing lotions.
HEIR OF* JOHX ROCK " .
• IS GRANTED ALLOWANCE
Estate of Late Charles Bon Given to
Widow — Mrs. Augusta 3foffltt.
Gets Monthly Income.
OAKLAND, Dec. 27. — Mrs. S. B,
Smith was allowed $100 a month this
morning out of the estate of the' late
John Rock of Xiles.for the support of
a son by him when she was Josephine
Startler. Rock recognized the . child
and left It one-half of the estate, val
ued at $56,000.
Final decree of distribution of the
estate.of the ; late. Charles; A. Bon was
made to-day, the entire property be
ing given to the widow and two
daughters. -Deceased was a member
of -the firm of Chauche & Bon and
left an estate valued at 587,699 49.
Mrs. Augusta Moffltt was granted an
allowance of ,$500 a month from the
estate of her late husband. Frank J.
Moflatt. She pe"titloned for $700. but
this amount was cut down to the for
mer sum. /; ,-^Uw-e I »5Tifil?9$nS <
THROWS BY* ELECTRIC
SHOCK INTO BELTIXG
Japanese Laborer Manjrled After.Re
cdving.a Severe Jolt. FronxAcci- ,
dental Contact WJtfc Wire. . ..
s OAKLAND, -I>ec- 2 S. — An unident
ified Japanese laborer was killed last
night at the J. P. Martin orchards at
San Lorenzo by being mangled in the
machinery of a pumping plant, into
which he was hurled after receiving
a shock from "an electric -wire.
The man had gone in the dark to
pump water from one of the wells.
The pumps are operated by electricity.
Accidentally the Japanese touched a
heavily charged live wire. He was
hurled against the main pulley belt
end his body was carried into the pul
leys and horribly torn before the en
gine was stopped.
Coroner Mehrmann took charge of
the case and will hold an inquest at
Haywards.
DEMANDS TRIAL. THOUGH
ACCUSER WOULD QUIT
Mrs. Bertha Grismore Tells Court She
Wants Vindication on Charge In
volving Her Good Name.
OAKLAND. Dec 27. — Mrs. Bertha
Grismore, charged with threatening to
shoot Mrs. Louise Lind as a result of
a Quarrel over J. Thomas, Mrs. Land's
t>rother-in-law. has notified Prosecut
ing Attorney Leach that she will re
sist the application of the complain
ant for a dismissal' of the case.
Mrs. Grismore insists that she be
given an opportunity to vindicate her
self on the charge that- she had per
mitted Thomas to "cast sheep's eyes"
at her. This was Mrs. LJnd's assertion
and Mrs. Grismore is wroth thereat.
For that reason the case will go to
trial to-morrow. Mrs. Lind said she
had relented because Thomas* daugh
ter had told her Thomas would leave
home if the charge were pressed.
WILL HOLD CONVENTION
• OX FEBRUARY 4. 1905
City Central Committee of Citizens'
Municipal Lcasue Begins Work
of the Camnaicn. .
OAKLAND, Dec 27.^ — The city
central *<(ctnmittee .of *th"e Citizens'
Municipal^ League decided' to-night to
hold the *eu mention vt the league on
Saturday evening. February 4, 1905.
The committee fixed the appointment
of delegates at-one for every fifty votes
cast for^Varren Olney at the last mu
nicipal election. f
Cary Howard presided this evening.
Nearly every member of the central
committee was present. Secretary Mc-
Vey was instructed to prepare a pe
tition for a place on the primary
ballot. Considerable routine business
was transacted and several sub-com
mittees were appointed.
Burglary at Berkeley.
. BERKELEY, . Dec 27. — Thieves
ransacked the home of H."-C Bagot,
president of the South Berkeley Im
provement Club, last night, carrying
away a quantity of jewelry. Bagot
and his family were visiting friends
in Alameda when the thefts occurred^
They returned to find the house In
disorder and valuables missing. The
intruders ..had entered the house
through a bay window. Much silver
ware and valuable bric-a-brac had
been moved, but not taken.
Made Bishop of . Learen worth.
KANSAS CITY. Dec 27.— Rev.
T. F. LJIiis of Kansas City, at
the cathedral to-day, was consecrated
Bishop of .the Roman Catholic diocese
of Leavenworth; Kans. Rev.- J. j.
Glennon, Archbishop of Su Loulsi
acted as corisecrator. and Rev. S. G.
Messmer.- ; Archbishop' of : Milwaukee,
preached the sermon.'. *C --- - •; .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, . DECEMBER 28, 1904.
SAYS HUSBAND
TRIED POISON
AVife Makes a Charge That
Her Spouse Attempted to
Kill Her and Their Son
TELLS OF BRUTALITY
Woman Swears to Complaint
Accusing Man of Having
Violently Assaulted Her
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1016 Broadway, Dec 27.
Vlncente Addiago. a bootblack, was
accused* to-day at the Prosecuting At
torney's office of having tried to
poison Marie Addiago. his wife, and his
son. Antonio, by putting rat poison on
bread at their meals. Mrs. Addiago sug
gested as a cause for this attempt
upon their lives that ehe carried $1000
and her son $500 life insurance, and
that her husband might have had this
in mind at the time of his alleged ef-:
forts to enact a double crime.
The Addiagos reside at 714 Fourth
street. For a long time, domestic in
felicities have disturbed the harmoni
ous current of family relations, accord
ing to the story the woman unburdened
herself of to-day. Sh» narrated the
poison episode as one of the few oc
currences that had impelled her to
seek at last the help and protection pf
the authorities.
She had discovered the rat poison in
time to save her own life and that of
her son. Since the failure of that at
tempt the woman, though an interpret
er, insisted that her life had been made
unbearable.. To-day, she charged, her
husband had struck her on the face,
knocked her down and completed his
manifestations of displeasure by kick
ing his prostrate wife in the side.
As soon as she could escape the wom
an went to the': authorities, i Addiago
fled?:,- A warrant was issued for his ar
rest."
MAY BE WITHIN
DEATH'S REACH
Uncertain -Wliether Captain
and Crew of Thirty-Two
Men Are on Stranded Ship
irKEvVrTc^ORKjr'Qec-j^ff^Effort* to
learn whether Captain NlcfidTsbn and
the 1 crew of the British tramp steam
ship Drumelielr are still aboard the
vessel, which la aground on the bar at
Fife have been unsuccessful,
and to-night the life-savers are still
watching :f rain the beach in the hope of
communicating with the ship.
Hidden in a black fog and pounded
by fierce seas rolling from the south
east, the steamship to-night was in im
minent danger of going to pieces. If
her captain and crew of thirty-two men
are still on the ship, they face almost
certain death in the heavy surf break
ing over the sandy beach.
The captain would not let the life
savers take off his crew yesterday
when the seas were not running so
high and to-day it was too late to help
them. No lifeboat in the world could
be launched in the teeth of the gale
that was blowing up ana down the
shore.
The fog was so thick that the strand
ed vessel could not be seen from the
shore, 600 yards away. Two tugs were
sent to the vessel last night, but as no
report was received from 'them to-day
it is thought they may hare left her
to escape the storm.
WILLING TO STAY IN JAIL
IF PAID A DAILY WAGE
Redding Italian's Queer Idea of His
Sentence Causes Him Bitter
Disappointment.
REDDING, Dec. 27. — A. Cell!, an
Italian, sentenced to serve 150 days
In the County Jail for obtaining goods
by false pretenses, could have been, a
free man yesterday, as his term had
expired, but he refused to leave i the
Jail. He had been a model prisoner,
acting -In the capacity of trusty, but
the Sheriff was unable to account for
his conduct unless it was based on a
preference for prison; life over free
dom.
An interpreter was obtained to-day,
however, and it was learned that CelU
believed that Instead of working out
his fine of $150, at the rate of $1 a
day he was to Teceive a dollar for each
day he spent In prison. He preferred
to stay at that rate of pay, but walked
out of* the jail a thoroughly disgusted
man when "he learned the truth, w . ->
FOWLER BLACKSMITH
CHOKED AND ROBBED
Timely Appearance of Two Stable
Boys Saves Victim of Bold
Thnss $300.
"FRESNO. Dec- 27.— Louie Colson,
a blacksmith of Fowler, was attacked
by two footpads near the Southern
Pacific depot last night. One of the
hold-up men jumped at him from be
hind a large gate and, securing- a
strangle hold, hurled him . to the
ground. The other rifled his pockets,
getting $14 75. Two stable. boys from
the West Side feed yard, attracted by
the noise, ran to Colson's rescue and
the robbers fled.
The highwaymen ran' off without se
curing 5300 in greenbacks in - the
blacksmith's wallet- The place where
the hold-up ' occurred is in a -main
street, but Is shaded by .trees and an
evergreen hedge.
ONE THOUSAND HORSES ; ;
WANTED BY UNCLE SAM
Army Officer in Seattle Receives No
tice of .Intention to Purchase -
Animals for Philippines.
SEATTLE, Dec 27.— Pacific Coast
stockmen will soon have an opportun
ity to -bid on" 1000 head of horses to
be furnished Uncle Sam's cavalry and
artillerymen" now stationed in" the
Philippines. Word to this: effect was
received to-day by Captain F. a.
Grant of the local .army Quartermas
ter's ofiice- Specifications , as to the
kind of horses desired" have not yet
been received by Captain Grant.
DECLARES TOMB
TOO EXPENSIVE
Son Objects to Spending En
tire Estate on Moth-
er's- Final Resting • Plac«
GIVES ALL FOR FLOWERS
Upon the Ground That It Is
Against Public Policy He
Asks Will Be Set Aside
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1016 Broadway, Deo. 27.
In order* that he may get possession
of a part of the»money left by his old
mother to have her grave properly
cared for Henry A. Taggart wants the
will of the late Sarah J. Taggart Jef
fress of San Leandro set aside. He was
left a nominal bequest of (50 by his
mother, who directed Charles H. Gray,
the executor, to spend the remainder of
her estate upon beautifying her tomb.
Mrs. Jeffress llred alone for many
; years on a little place at San Leandro,
which when it was sold a short time
ago brought J1560 and after paying. the
mortgage on it and the son's bequest,
there was left $750. . Taggart says that
this is too much for the decoration of a
tomb and that 5200 is sufficient for this
purpose and on the plea that it is
against public policy Attorney Dudley
Kinsel has asked Judge Greene to set
the will aside and allow the executor,
Gray, to pay ail but $200 over to the
son.
BULLET ENDS
HIS TROUBLES
Domestic Unhappiness Leads
to Suicide .of Supervisor
Ogden of Merced County
Stfedal Disaatch to The Call.
LOS BANOS, Dec. 27.— William B.
Ogden, Supervisor of the Fifth District
of Merced County, shot himself early
this morning and died to-night in his
room In the annex of the Hotel Los
Banos. The tragedy was not discov
ered until after 1 o'clock this after
noon, when a chambermaid entered his
room and found him fully dressed, with
his overcoat on, lying on his back in
a pool of blood. At his side was a SS
caliber revolver. He was unconscious,
but lingered until 8:40 o'clock to-night.
j Ogden had shot himself - in the top of
the head, the - bullet ranging straight
downward.. Jt la ■presumed ha " was
lying his back when he flred; as he
left a lamp burning * on the ' dressing
case and the mirror was tilted so that
he could see himself in It from where
he lay. '"
The only known cause for the act
was family troubles. Ogden separated
from his wife two years ago. ; Since
then Mrs. Ogden has resided with the
children at Watsonville. His domestic
infelicities preyed upon him con
stantly. .
He spent Christmas with his family,
and returned late last night. Evi
dently he remained up all night, as the
bed was in perfect order. He left a
note stating that his troubles were
greater than he could bear and that
he wanted all his property, to go to
his children. - .
Ogden had been a Supervisor for the
last six years and commanded the
highest respect of those who knew him.
He was born in Monticello, Iowa, forty
four years ago.
HOUSEBREAKERS ACTIVE
IN CITY OP SAN DIEGO
Many Stores and Residences Entered
and Robbed Durinjr the Holi
day Season,
BAN DIEGO, Dec 27. — House
breakers are actively operating in this
city during the holiday season. Christ
mas night a burglar was surprised
while entering the house of an elderly
woman who lives alone. . Last night
one broke into the house of Mrs.
Susan A. Fetty, but the woman was
awakened and raised an alarm. The
burglar got away with only a watch.
" Street mail boxes have been broken
open and looted in many places, gro
cery stores have been robbed,' a large
number of valuable bicycles have been
stolen and there have been several
cases of holdup.
APPOINTMENTS MADE
BY . GOVERNOR PARDEE
Executive Names Delegates to For
estry Congress and Directors of
Agricultural District.
SACRAMENTO, Dec 27.— Governor
Pardee has appointed * the following
delegates to the American Forestry
Congress, which meets in Washing
ton, D.-C, next month: C B. Boothe
and Abbott Klnney of Los Angeles,
George H^ Maxwell and C. E. Grunsky
of San Francisco and Charles H. Shinn
of Niles. * •
. The Governor also appointed the
following agricultural directors of
district No. 27: James H. Hoyie of
Redding, vice D. McCarthy, term ex
pired; M. T. Kite of Redding, vice self,
term expired, and "William Weaver of
'Anderson, vice W. W. Fish, deceased.
MEXICAN BANDITS HOLD UP
STAGE AND GET $14,000
Intercept Vehicle.. Xear. Marat Ian,
Take. Coin and Escape to the
Mountains.
MAZATLAN. T>etu 27.— -Three Mexi
can bandits held up the stage -which
runs'- between Culiacan and this port
last Saturday. They secured 114,000,
which was being remitted to a bank In
Mazatlan,- and fled with their plun
der to the mountains. A pursuing
party which scoured the surrounding
mountains found no trace of the ban
dits. . >
Airship Returns in a Wagon.
LOS ANGELES, Dec 27.— Owing to
a broken motor, which could not be
easily, repaired, the Baldwin airship
California Arrow was unable to make
the return flight to the city to-day
from the place where itlanded after
yesterday's s trial, some miles :•<. in the
country.' south, of . the ■: city, and the
gas .was - allowed to escape- from" the
bag and the machine was -hauled into
the city; in a wagon.
PROCTOR FACES
AGED ACCUSER
3Irs. Emily Tyson Tells How
She Was Victimized* by a
Stranger Who Wooed Her
MAKES SERIOUS CHARGES
Widow Says the Defendant
Proposed Marriage After
a Acquaintance of One Day
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1016 Broadway. Dec 27.
• Mrs. Emily Tyson of Niles, who
charges "Doctor" William S. Proctor
with swindling her, after Inducing her
to promise to marry him, says that not
only did Proctor ask her to become his
wife, but even made plans for the wed
ding. Mr*. Tyson said that after an
acquaintance of but one day the de
fendant broached the subject of, mar
riage, and she said, "Yes." L-it*r she
■ discovered that she had been the vic
tim of a schemer.
Mrs. Tyson told her Btory at the pre
liminary examination of Proctor and
his stepson, Roy Asberry, which be
gan at Centerville to-day.
Mrs. Tyson said she was 11 years of
age. She first met Proctor on Decem
ber 16. On the following day he called
at her house and sold her a pair of
eyeglasses. Mrs. Tyson said:
Proctor made overtures of marriage. I told
him I would not marry unless he had mocsy
enough to take care of me and that I would
not marry any man who was not a gentle
man. Proctor said he neither drank, smoked
nor swore, and told me he wanted to marry
•ome one he could love. He bad been a
widower for fifteen years and was 69 years old.
He called again and said I was just the woman
he had been looking for. At 5 o'clock Sunday
evening he called again, aocompasltd by As
berry, who passed as a eon. He tent the
voung man back to Nlles with the buggy and
came Into the house and began to talk of
marriage.
He held my hand and told me he had fallen
In love with me at first sight and I consented
Later be told me that his borne In Oakland
was not quite ready to live la, and said that
he wished to purchase another place. He said
he had $550 In the bank, but needed Just $108
more to make the purchase.
The witness said that before the
"doctor" left she introduced him to
her son. -to Mrs. Goforth and to Miss
Emellne Tyson, her granddaughter.
Continuing, the old lady said:
Proctor told xae he wished to rive r=e an
engagement ring and wanted to get the siza
of my finger, so I got my Jewelry box and
laid several rings out on the bed.
The "doctor" took two of them and put one
on his finger. He held the other In his hand
and said be would return them on the fol
lowing Thursday. Before I could protest he
jumped Into bis buggy and drove away. The
next - time I saw the rings was after Proctor
and Asberry had been arrested. ■ The arrest
was made by my toes. David. Benjamin and
Henry.
At the conclusion of Mrs. . Tyson's
story Judge Sandholdt continued the
preliminary examination until Thurs
day, December 29.
Since the arrest of Proctor- and As
berry Judge Sandholdt has received
several letters from people in differ
ent, parts of the State, all of .which
give Proctor an unsavory reputation.
One of these letters is signed by Alex
ander. Beck, the Watsonville repre
sentative of the New York Life Insur
ance Company. Beck says Proctor is
sued a fraudulent policy for $3000 to
a widow and kept half the commis
sion. He say the San Francisco of
fice now has authority to cause Proc
tor's arrest on a charge of embezzle
ment.
MOB THREATENS
CRIPPLE'S LIFE
Constable Saves One-Armed
Man, Who Stabbed Pedes
trian, From Crowd's Bage
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO, Dec 27.— The timely ar
rival and clever scheming of Constable
Davis of FIrebaugh was all that pre
vented a lynching in Mendota last
night. Charles Taylor, a one-armed
man, became intoxicated and - ran
amuck. He met John Madden in a
saloon and challenged him to fight.
Madden immediately left the place, and
Taylor, armed with a large knife, fol
lowed him. He struck Madden a
blow on the neck, severing the wind
pipe.
Constable Adams, while trying to ar
rest Taylor, was fiercely attacked, but
finally landed Taylor In jalL A mob
gathered and talk of a lynching was
spread. "Word was sent to Constable
Davis of Fresno, who at once set out
for Mendota. Being a stranger, Davis
mixed with the mob and learned Its
plans. The prisoner was to be taken
from the jail and hanged. Davis quiet
ly took Taylor out of Jail and brought
him to Fresno on the OwL
Madden was also brought here. His
wound is not expected to prove fatal.
PLUCKY -WOMAN SUBDUES
A WILDCAT WITH CLUB
Chico Matron Bravely Faces Beast
She Finds Slaking Meal
Off Chickens.
CHICO, Dec 27. — Mrs. J. G. Curtis,
who resides several miles from here,
after a terrific battle with a fierce
wildcat vanquished the animal. She
was armed with only a small club.
The animal was disturbed by Mrs!
Curtis while it was enjoying a feast
on her chickens. With a piece of
•wood about three feet long she at
tacked the beast, but it continued kill-
Ing the chickens. She struck the cat
again and It turned on her, making a
leap at her throat A fierce battle
followed, but so dexterous was Mr»
Curtis with the, club that the animal
bleeding and almost dead, fled to the
woods. ;
YAQUIS KILL RANCHER
AND SEVERAL : OF TTTS MEN*
Mexican Military Authorities Send
Force in Pursuit of Murderous
. Band Of TnfHaria
HERMOSILLO, Mexico. Dec 27.
Simon Arcla, proprietor of La Higuera
ranch, a few miles but of Rayon, on
the San Miguel River, and several of
his men were killed in a flght with
Yaqui Indians on Friday last. The
military authorities have sent a party
In pursuit of the Indians.^
,'Arcia and a* considerable force were
at work when attacked. .
ENGINEERS LIKE
BA Y CITY PLAN
Committee Report Favors
Proposition to Furnish
Oakland New Water Supply
SATISFACTORY SHOWING
City Council Will Take Up
Matter Thursday at Its
Regular Weekly Meeting
OAKL_\NT>, Dec 27.— The Bay Cities
Water Company's proposition to fur
nish a municipal water supply to the
i city of Oakland has been reported upon
favorably by the Board of Engineers
appointed to examine the project on be
half of the city and the company. That
board, which is composed of City Engi
neer F. C, Turner, A. M. Hunt and J.
M. Howells, filed Ita report to-night
with the City Council.
According to the report, which is
unanimous, the board finds that the
water sheds are ample to furnish the
required 20,000,000 gallons of water
daily, that the water will be satisfac
tory in quality, and, the engineering
features are easily overcome.
With the report were filed plans and
specifications of dams, reservoirs, pipe
lines, etc., which will be considered
with the report in committee . of the
whole at Thursday night* s meeting. At
the same time the following resolution,
introduced by Councilman McAdam,
wlll^be discussed:
Resolved. That the Contra. Costa "Water
Company be and It is hereby requested to fur
nish to this Council a valuation of Its plant
for the purpose of presenting the same to the
voters of the city of Oakland for th«lr accept
ance or rejection; provided that the same shall
not be submitted if the valuation of the plant
of eald company shall be deemed excessive by
this Council
McAdam said he had been requested
'by residents of the First "Ward and
other persons to introduce the resolu
tion.
The engineer's report recites that the
board visited the water sheds, tunnel
site, dam sites, reservoir sites and fol
lowed the pipe line from the intake to
the open country through the Arroyo
Valle nearly to Pleasanton. The engi
neers found, they say, elaborate and
most excellent records of stream flow
and' rainfall, which have been made for
two years in the Mount Hamilton
region by the Bay Cities "Water Com
pany. All this, together with maps,
drawings, calculations and other data
have been placed at the board's dis
posal. Public records were used, and
many engineering reports that had
bearing upon this region or upon the
questions Involved were carefully read
and considered.
CZAR UPLIFTS
SLAV PEASANT
His Manifesto Kegarde<^
as Second Only to Eman
cipation of the Serfs
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec 27.— While
Emperor Nicholas' manifesto on Rus
sian reforms, coupled with a Govern
ment note of warning <n the same sub
ject, leaves no doubt that it is the firm
Intention of the Emperor to maintain
unimpaired the autocratic principle,
which no observer here ever Imagined
he" would relinquish, and not yield to
the Zemstvoist demand for a National
Legislature, the programme of reforms
outlined is a broad one, and. if it h*>\
not been preceded by the agitation of
the last month, probably would have
been accepted with general acclaim In
Russia as extremely liberal
The raisins of the peasants to an
equality with other citizens of the em
pire is alone practically second only to
the emanciapation of the serfs; but
hardly less important are the guaran
tees which the manifesto directs to b«
incorporated in the laws for the protec
tion of the personal liberties of the peo
ple against the abuses of administrative
arbitrariness. The measures taken un
der the state of siege are no longer
permissible except In case of crimes
against the state.
. The increase in the Independence and
the scope of the Doumas and the Zem
stvos, as well as the crealion of small
er Zemstvo units, the definite protec
tion of the Jews, Armenians and other
unorthodox sects and the revision of
the press laws are all on the line of
the Zemstvo demands. : ~ .
LONDON, Dec 27.— A dispatch from
St. Petersburg to a news agency sayj,
the Russian authorities have closed
Moscow University until February" 1.
owing to recent disturbances.
According to the same source of In
formation, during the riots at Razom
two railway bridges were blown up and
an attempt was made to dynamite the
statue of Alexander n, but only the
steps were injured.
SERGEANT SHOT DOWV
BY PRIVATE IN HIDING
Soldier In Wyoming Seeks Revenge
for Beating Administered by His
Superior.
LANDER. W^yo., Dec 27.— Sergeant
Wilhlte of Company L. Eleventh In
fantry, was fatally shot to-day by
Private Stanfleld of the same company
The men auarreled and then fousrht
for twenty minutes. During the
struggle Stanfleld attempted to use I
knife. Wilhite secured the knife an£
then gave Stanfield a terrible beating
At mess call Stanfleld secreted him "
self in the hall Of the dinlng-roo^
and as Wilhite passed flred three sW
into his body. Wilhite is in the hS?
pital and will die. Stanfleld is in tie
guardhouse. ■
BANKER BUYS A COFFTV
AND THEN KILLS HIMSELF
Leroy K. Xesbit of Chicago Leaves
Note Saying He Is Tired of .'
, Being a Cripple.
CHICAGO. Dec 27.— After buying a
ceffin ostensibly for a friend. Leroy
K. Nesbit, a banker, committed suicide
to-day in an undertaking establish
ment- Scribbled ' on v a card in th#»
banker's pocket was a note saying
*^ an l, ti r. ed of being a crippuT-
Nesbit had a shriveled leg and hafl
spent thousands of dollars in a vate
attempt to effect a cure.
BEAXCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IX
ALAMEDA COIhSTY
OAKLAND.
IOIC Broadway.
Telephone 3fain 1031
BERKELEY.
214S Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS
PETEHSEX" GOES AFTER FUGITIVE.—
OaXlasd. Dec. 27.— Captain ct Pollc* W. 3.
Peteraen departed to-day for St. Louis to ar
rest aad return with Fred J. Simmons." eharg- J
with stealing flOOO from Whyt» Grondona las;
March. Slmcicna I* la custody.
GRANTED DIVORCES. —Oakland. D«<_ 27.—
Edwin H. Boyce wa» granted a dirorc* £ror»
Laura VT. Boyce to-day by Ju&ra Ordsa ca
the ground of desertion. Mary E. OuUrsan wji
also granted a decrea from Taoraa* H. Oul»
inan on the ground of dsssrtica. Sh« wu
awarded the custody cf :~e two minor c-l'.ire-.
and $25 a month alimony.
JUDGMENT NOT SATISTACTORT.— Qai-
Iand. D»c. 27. — Notle* was clv*n by th» E B.
& A. L. Stoss Cotnpany that it wsnM rr.o t
for a cew trial In the ea»» brought agalast t»
by Georglna ile'.vin, Sh« secured aar in
junction staylrs the company from blastls*
and CcAng other work near her premise* asi
was awarded $360 damage* -to her property.
FOLDED HIS TENT UNAWARES.—Oak
land. Dec 27. — Gecrg* Hcraklides. who aSscti
Oriental garb and announce* hissse!? a* • a
teacher cf physical culture from tie land ei
the Arabs was charged at the City Prison
to-<Jay with having- defrauded Mrs. Martha B.
Odell, 4C2 Twelfth street, oat of room not,
Heraklides was brought back from Tal'.eji •
FINDS PAKALTZEX> HUMAN TVRSCX.—
Berkeley. Dec 27. — Under a bale cf hay In Mi
bam Lawrence Galvla cf West Berkeley thi*
morning found a paralyzed human wreck. %
man unable to speak or to explain In any war
hi* condition. From Insignia be wore Qal7in
believe* the human derelict Is a Grand Army
veteran. Deputy Marshal Carey removed ta<i
unfortunate to the Count7 Hospital
ASXS HEAVT DAMAGES.— Oakland, Dec.
27- — For Injuries received by the caring la on
him of a trench he was engaged In iig^lr-f
Mathe-w Ryan ha* begun suit against the Oak
!and Ga», Light and Heat Company for*2«.*>l
damages. He claim* that hs did not fcnw or
the dagger of working la ditches for gas caiaj
and that the company was negligent la n':
having braced the side* cf tha trejea wita
lumber.
UNIVERSITY INSTRUCTOR'S FORTUNE.
Berkeley. Dec. 27. — Charfea A. Treabie f;j»
four years an a-mistant to Proreasor JatSa as
the University cf California, ha* received n->
tice of his appointment to the pest of Govern
ment chemist at Manila. The position Is pail
a salary of *SCCO a year. Treable win leav*
at ence for the Philippines. He is a gradual s
of the fhannacy college corrected wlta th«
State University.
3.-ON-PARTISAX3 OROAXTZE CLUB.—
Berkeley. Dec. 27. — The ••Jfoa-Partisacs." aa
s-ssregauon of Kourth Ward ciaxena lat«re»t»<t
In good government, have completed thel- or
ganization by electing the fsUowlng o.'Scers-
President. P. G. Eetu; rice president M. I/s*
secretary. Charles A. Kler!u£; treasurer G."
\V. V.emer; sergeant at arms. F. P. Wells.
siml.ar clubs are to be organized In each cf
the wards In Berkeley, according to the clani
of the promoters.
MARRIAGE LICTXSES — OokUnd. Dec. 27
The following marriage licenses were lsraej
tZ S*,. Cou ,= ty Clerk *o-<JaT: Ernest It. Post.
32. Holly. Mich., and Ud* A. Cosslns. a. S.s
sons; Frank Oilveira. over 21 Centerrtlle aad
Mary Sllverta. over 1«. KC»s : Dmest V Bod
well, over n. Victoria, and Delia P <>wa-*
over 19. Berkeley; CUrk Ryan. 2S. HayW ar a£
and Marguerite A. En!s. t3. Saa lian lr£
James Ander»3a. OTer 21 Fresno and Mar
garet Darting, over 13. Berkeley; "Ardr»ir J
Knight. 29. and" Emily D!vlne. 25 b^ts nj
Omaha. Near. - ; • ' - ■ ■. ■ ' ■
REAL ESTATE TRAXSACTIOxi
Alameda Comity.
TUESDAY, DSC. 27.
Gastoa E. and Kate D. Bacon to Jana*« D.
Mnlgrew. lot on SE corner of Secoad and
Franklin streets. E 73 by S 50. lota 7 and 8.
block S. Kellers berger"s map. Oakland- S1O.
1 comas TV. Morgan to WlUlaa ii. s:~«.
lot ca E Ilr.e of Oak atreet. 1Z2. 60 N or*PeA::a
avenue. M SO by E 3*5. lot S>, la plat 17 nsaj>
Lake View, East Oakland. vtftcUfca d*e4-
Jennie and Stephen W. FUcher to ESiHi B.
Crocker (single), lot on XE corner cf C-e*^
and Grove tWest) streets. E 103 by n scl
1^l. Jf «, biock 5 ' Graves * Taylor trac% Berks-
D. H. (or Delos HO.Johasca to San* A.
Johnson. let on S\7 ccrser of Saa Jose *w*sr»
and Walnut street. W ICO fcy s ISO lots"*li>
and 11. la E half cf block O. prop^ Kstwr
Homestead AssoclaUcn. AUmeda; »j: i ' a ** r
David Clark i widower) to Cfcarfes I*, Dala
geraeld. let ca W i:ae of Eberman (St. Oor?;)
street. 37 S of Paciflo avenue. S 34 by W «a
pcrUcn of lots S to 12. b^xrk kos»es*«ailS
Mary A. Fitch. Alameda; 110 =«^eaa «
G VT. ilarwcn (single) to E. Mattsoa fsla
g!e). lot en E line of FUbert st-e« 3C5 V
of Elgfctecnth. Zl 4J by E 13. block«l4rt=s:
dlvisioa map A'.-'rtd Earstsw Tract. <~>»>>t-j;
Peter H. EaSer to Caroline HaEe- cw'ti
lot ca SE corner of Alcatraa averse «=i
Ealem street. Jf 12O by E 40^ lot i. "tiaci i.
Herzog Tract. Oakland; S10. — s«-* —
Jonn L. French (single) t» Thomas DuTer
lot en S3 corner of Sixty-third (Feitcn) and
Baker streets, E 120 by 3 1S2 lot* ludl
K°£? 5 a =«= (J * 4 =•» J - w - Ca^crd Tract.
UaJciand; ?.\ , ■-..
R. M. and Laura C Pltageraa to E. 5
Wiggins, lot on N liae cf Second avesae.
62S.21 — frcsa E line ot OcTIes* avenaeV
27» by E SO. lot. 16 and 33. rer&Jed i«»
Ecs« Latrn Park. Oakland Taimshia- XZ.O.
A. Sydney and Harriet T. Jones' to Cail
fcraia Land and Deve'cjnaeat Ccmsaay lot
oa M3 corner of Blake stre-t and Siarn-\
avenue. E 129:2ii. N 135. » M N 4JLW s£
R 30. W 114:3. S 2K):6\i. lots SO ta S3. a=l
S 43 feet of lot 33. Steele Tract. Berkeley 1 ri
George D. Prentice to Charies E. Tori Im
en X Un* of Webster street. 127.62. E o*
Deakin. E5 tr X 140. portico lot — block
F. map resabdlvlstoa lots 1 to ft. biock J"
TVoclsey Tract. Berkeler: «0. '
TV. J. and Grace E. Mortimer to A. r.-^.^
lot on SW ccrner of Er=art Kr««tazdMjOei
avenue. S 1M by \T A3. porUca lot 1. Stat*
tnlversity Homestead Association No. .1,
Berkeley; *1C ■
E. L. Brock (jferte) to Ui:i» A. TThttaey
2 fe<t <* lot so - Mock c - Prwrty Brti
ley Homestead Association. Berksier «aed — **
asrre«m«nt; flO. '
. A railway la i bout to be cczstrncted
near Elsinore. which win ran across the
spot traditionally believed to be th»
grave of Hamlet. Numerous signed
protests against the projected railway
have been addressed to the Govern
ment.
Hamburg Is to have a school for
training servants. It la not Intended to
compete -with existing schools whica
provide training In domestic sclenc* for
girls of well-to-do families.
After working a lifetime aad Accu
mulating enough money to build an
elagant residence, most men dier
AD VKlCTlSEaifclN TS.
e»t»rrt» aad dr^^ilYS^i SS2 1 •* «*>»*«*
»>*• la • daV ik« all^.* i ?H C **^*r t3 wU * T »
"" CAWOV CATtujcnc
T&Sf^kl^^^;****?^ "J""** 1 Good. Da Goo*.
AMIUALSALE, TEM Mimoi BOXESCALIFORNIANS
FATHER MANY
BIG PROJECTS
Active in the Legislation at the
National Capital.
Gillett Takes Prominent Part in Swayne
Case and Bard Stands Against
Uniting Territories.
■ CAUL. BUREAU. POST BUILDING,
WASHINGTON. Dec 27.— Nathaniel C.
Ray of Mariposa. County has spent a
toqd deal of time and energy in Wash
ington in the interest of the bill chang
ing from the Jurisdiction of "icsemite
Park to that of the Sierra. Forest Re
serve that large section wherein are
contained private holdings, including a
great number of valuable mines. Sen
ator Perkins took advantage of an op
portune moment the other day to se
cure its passage by the Senate .and
since then it passed the House. Ray
iays a hundred mines now idle will be
at work at once and other industries
dependent upon them revived. The
great expense and inconvenience at
tendent upon the operation of the mines
under the restrictions that apply to a
national park have caused them to shut
.4own. As a part of a forest reserve,
toads may be built, electric power de
veloped from the streams and the mines
made profitable.
Representative Gillett of California
was the principal champion of Judge
Swayne, whose impeachment will be
one of the notable incidents of the his
tory of the Fifty-eighth Congress. He
was one of the special committee that
■went to Florida, the Judge's bailiwick,
and heard the story at first hand upon
which the charges were framed. Gil
lttt championed the Judge against all
the original charges of discrimination
aJid persecution in the administration
of hiE office, and in the minority re
port of the committee which he wrote
*t.t the close of the hearing last session
he -argued in the Judge's behalf. But
'then came testimony taken during the
iecess upon a charge upon which little
stress was laid before— that of falsify
ing his expense accounts.
The Judge had presented claims for
expenses in traveling over his circuit in
the uniform sum of $10 a day. These he
had sworn to. Witnesses testified as
to the rates at the hotels at which he
had stopped, and the railroad rates.
The Judge, though given an opportun
ity, made no effort to explain the dis
crt'p.ancy.
•This left us not one thing to do."
said Gillett. "There was the law that
made it a crime to so filch from the
Gdrtminent. I don't think there was a
man, toward the last, on the commit
tee, that desired to impeach him on the
other charges. *but this little detail of a
false oath— that was different. They
say It is the custom for Judges to make
the uniform fate of JlO.a day for ex
penses. If so they are simply violating
the law. But this was the one case
before us and we did the only thing
inhere was to do."
The trial will take place before the
Senate after the recess.
A. . H. Hebtx, president of the Im
perial Land Company, has taken up
. nils quarters at the New Willard again,
pending the determination of the -In
terior Department in the matter of
the "transfer of the properties con
tained in the big irrigation enterprise
on. the lower Colorado in California.
As a result of the fight occupying all
last winter the water users made an
offer 'of $2,000,000, and this, after
stime delay, was accepted. The Gov
ernment has to stand good for this,
the plan being to incorporate it in the
•general reclamation scheme of the
Colorado River basin. To this end an
exhaustive inquiry and examination is
being made, until the conclusion of
which the end of the business cannot
be reached. WKM
.The bill by which four Territories
gre to be brought into the Union as
two States has a good many strong
opponents. Senator Bard is making
&. special fight against it. as is Need
ham in the House. Arizona is almost
.unanimous against being forced into
;he Union coupled with New Mexico.
Bard thinks that to force statehood
upon a people against their will is al
together wrong and that making more
big: States in the West is to the ever-
Jssting injury of the West. The West
v.*ajits representation in Congress now.
lie says, and will want it worse and
worse as time goes.
Governor Brodi* of Arizona has
tfeeu here a long time protesting
wherever he can find' an ear — from
that of the Preejdent to the members
•of the committee. The interest of
Senators Fo raker, Alger, Keybur'n,
Quarles and other strong men is en-
Hsted against the plan on the Repub
lican side. This bill is said to be the
ultimatum of the East with regard to
; * j - AD^TarriSEaiEXTS.
RATIONAL. TREATMENT
or
Stomach Diseases
means :
Discard Injurious Drugs
A Harmless Powerfcl Cennidde
Endorsed by Leading Physicians.
Send^u-ent>--five cents to pay postage
en Free Trial Bottle. Sold by leading
«irugg' s ts-
WOT 6CHOINK WITHOUT MY SICtlATURC: ',
*♦ 61O PRtNCtST.. NEWYORK.
*■•■--! f o» Fnx Boc«LtT c- RatiOhm. Thvtmcht
5L5T!"*-
visit DR. JORDAN'S orcat^
OF AMfiTOHY^
0 Cft ~£ZlVtZtn:tT.ULi'\k7i±,lLT.Zll. A
\ XT 11' Uij« XMtowol Hnoua ta U. \
k m& Wi *"~" W**i**lr*mr»4 nj the e!dt,t Y
/Put S>prc«Ji«t es tk« Com-- HK..H r itn. Q
f) fi)32 J CR. J0RDA.M-DI8EASE3 CF MEN A
A '€S??S CoMolTMiaB fr« »Ed «rirtl» pHm*. \
0 B HSKL n Tr««oeBi pn-m»i<y or b» .mer. A A
~ tf ' V* f*—mn Omniasmy a«u»d»ntw. Y
OF I • UW Wriu«u-j^k.rKji.«orB¥.fA
▼ * t I •* KABK1A6K, MAILES fRE*. (AY
A 3 (j nlubit bwik for mm) \
V C8. JO£I>1.\ A CO.. ton XAtVn (St.. S. P. 9
BY S. W. WAIili.
this matter — that there will be no
split, no admission of one and ex
clusion of the other. The East stands
against admitting any more States shy
on population.
Senator Bard, however, presents a
strong and peculiar circumstance In
his argument- In the act creating the
Territory of Arizona the provision
contained in every other such act,
from the time of Wisconsin, reserving
to Congress the right to attach "any
portion of said territory to any other
State or Territory," is conspicuously
absent. Such provision is contained
in the acts creating the Territories of
Wisconsin, Oregon, Minnesota, Utah,
New Mexico, Washington, Kansas,
Colorado and Dakota.
The Arizona act provides that Con
gress may divide or change its boun
daries, but nothing is said of the right
to attach to it any other State or Terri
tory. On the contrary, it distinctly
says that the Government then created
shall continue until such time as the
people residing therein "shall, with con
sent of Congress, form a State gov
ernment and apply for and obtain ad
mission into the Union as a State on
I an equal footing with the original
States." This time, says Senator Bard,
has not come. The people have not
applied for admission on the terms
presented. This fact should in this
country stand against all other argu
ments, he says. The people are not
passively assenting; they are act
! ively and energetically protesting.
The bill Just introduced by Senator
J Kearns of Utah that would cut off
from fVrizona all that portion lying
north of the Colorado and attach it to
Utah is in response to a resolution of
the Legislature of that State framed as
long ago as February, 1S93. The me
morial sets forth that the region re
ferred to is inaccessible to the south
ern and more populous portion of Ari
zona, and is, therefore, a rendezvous
for criminals from Utah, it being very
difficult to administer the law there.
To get extradition papers a journey
south to Los Angeles and thence to
Phoenix, then a return by the same
long route, is necessary. The tax col
lector is set at defiance, too. The flocks
and herds that graze over the land —
the onlv use to which it Is put — are
made to cross the line when the man
from Arizona is after the revenue they
should yield the Government; but let
the collector from Utah trv to . come
xiown upon them and they are back
in Arizona. However, the bill and
this plausible reasoning behind it will
hardly divert the course of the state
hood bill at this late day.
ALVORD ESTATE
FOR STEPSONS
Banker's Will Is Filed for
Probate and Trust Com
pany Will Be Executor
The v.ill of William Alvord. late pres
ident of the Bank of California, was
filed for probate yesterday and special
letters of administration were granted
by Judge Coffey to the California Title
Insurance and Trust Company, which
was named by the deceased as his ex
ecutor. According to the statement of
T. Z. Blakeman, who was the banker's
attorney, the estate is worth less than
a million dollars.
The testament is holographic and
was dated June 7, 1S03. with a codicil
of August 3 of the eame year. After
many specific bequests to charity and
to relatives, all the remainder of the
estate, personal and real, is given to
Alvord's stepsons, Charles llclntosh
Keeney and Dr. James Ward Keeney,
and their wives and children, share
and share alike. Charles Keeney, who
is the secretary of the California Title
Insurance and Trust Is
the father of two daughters, one of
whom, Mrs. Ethel Tomlinson, lives in
New York. Dr. Keeney's children num
ber three.
The remembrances for charity and
science are as follows: San Francisco
Orphan Asylum, $1000; Roman Cath
olic Orphan Asylum, $1000; Pacific He
brew Orphan Asylum and Home So
ciety, $1000: Maria Kip Orphanage,
$1000; Widows' and Orphans' Aid Asso
ciation of the Police Department, $2000;
Astronomical Society o'f the Pacific,
$5000: Academy of Sciences (for the
improvement of the herbarium), $5000.
Bequests to relatives are: To a
cousin, Henrv Alvord Robinson of
New York. $10,000 in trust for him and
his sisters' children; to cousins Henry
A. Robinson, Mrs. Annie K. Wilson.
Miss Elizabeth Green. Mrs. Charles
Rohlfs (Anna Catherine .Green, the
novelist). $1000 each; to cousins Cap
tain Benjamin Alvord. U. S. A.: Wil
liam C. Alvord and Louisa A. Craig,
$1000 each, and $500 to each of their
children: to Miss Leontlne S. Blake
man, $1000; to Professor Samuel M.
Alvord. Hartford Public High School,
$500; to Miss Nora Donahue, of
the banker's late wife, $1000.
In the codicil the testator leaves a
silver salver, pitcher and mugs to
William C. Alvord. They were given
many years ago by the Pacific Insur
ance Company as a testimonial to Al
vord. Also $1000 each Is given to the
wife of William C. Alvord and the wife
of Captain Benjamin Alvord.
FIL.CHER IS PREPARING
FOR FAIR AT PORTLAND
Returns From St. Louis and Begins
to Collect an Exhibit of Cali
fornia Apples.
J. A. Filcher, commissioner for
California to the St. Louis Exposition,
has returned to" this ; city, at the re r
quest of Governor Pardee, and Is mak
ing a collection of apples to be sent
to the Lewis and Clark Exposition,
to be held in Portland, Ore..., next
July. Some preliminary work has
been done in this line by the Califor
nia State Board of Trade. Goods
that are to be sent from St. Louis to
Portland have been boxed and are
ready at SL' Louis. to be forwarded.
Secretary Dennison is still at St.
Louis.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 28. 1904.
ROOF REPAIR
BILL PASSED
Ordinance Kequiring Use
of Fire-Proof Material in
a District Goes to Print
DEMANDS AEE EEJECTED
Petition of Fair Heirs and
Others for Eeturn of In
heritance Taxes Denied
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
passed to print the ordinance provid
ing that when roofs in the district
bounded by Vjan Ness avenue, Baker,
Green, Geary and Broderick streets,
Duboce avenue, Mission, Thirteenth,
Division and Channel streets are dam
aged by fire they shall be repaired*wlth
fire rjroof materials only. The ordi
hanc» will take effect on May 1, 1905. •
The roadway of Church street be
tween Clipper and Twenty-sixth and
the crossing of Central^ avenue and
Grove street were accepted.
The amended ordinance on street
work specifications permitting the use
of California asphalt in street and side
walk construction was passed to print.
The ordinance ordering the improve
ment of San Jose, San Bruno, Corbett,
View, Ocean and Point Lobos avenues
and streets and sidewalks around Ala
mo Square was passed to print.
A resolution was adopted ordering
the construction of a safety station at
Market and Powell streets. The station
will cost $900. Two ornamental lamps
which will cost $550 will be Installed at
some future time.
TO REGULATE AUTOMOBILES.
The ordinance requiring the attach
ment of suitable devices to automobiles
in order to prevent oil drippings being
deposited on public streets was finally
passed. A proposed ordinance prohibit
ing unnecessary ; or unusual noise to
be emitted from the exhaust pipes of
automobiles was referred to the street
committee.
The ordinance requiring street cars
to be cleaned and washed daily and dis
infected upon the order of the Board
of Health and requiring gongs on street
cars to be sounded only when "about to
cross the street were passed.
Deeds were accepted to lands for the
opening of Shrader and Cole streets
from Parnassus avenue to Grattan
street.
The ordinance prohibiting the con
veyance of bread, cakes or pastry
through the public streets in open bas
kets or exposed containers was passed.
Certain designated blocks on Pierce.
Laguna, Clayton, Scott streets and
Central avenue were accepted and
street work ordered on Parnassus ave
nue. Sixteenth and Twenty-first ave-
The board on the advice of City At
torney Long decided to take no ap
peal from the decision of Judge Heb
bard that the clerks in the Tax Col
lector 1 ? office are entitled to their sal
aries for May. which were not paid be
cause of a deficit in the fund.
The brard adopted a resolution re
jecting the demands for the refund of
moneys paid into the City Treasury as
collateral inheritance tax by Theresa A.
Oelrichs and Virginia Vanderbilt in the
sum of $130,330 65, Charles Allen for
$3189 13, B. T. McBain for $32,907 71,
and Philip I. Fisher for $40,155 48. It is
understood that the courts will be ap
pealed to in order that the legality of
the tax may be determined.
NO MONEY FOR YORKE.
The ordinance authorizing the pay
ment of the demand for $3727 to F. M.
Yorke & Co. for repairing bituminous
pavements during September was laid
over for one week. Brandenstein ex
plained that the bill was to be paid
on condition that the company con
tinue the work of putting the streets
in good condition and file dally state
ments of the surface area repaired. The
company had agreed to the conditions,
but evidently changed its mind as it
now refuses to go ahead with the re
pairs. .
Bids for shoeing horses of the police,
hospital, Sheriff's and Coroner's de
partments and the Almshouse were re
ferred to a Joint committee. . The bids
for shoeing each horse are as follows:
Nicholas S Mc-rrissey, 52 50; Edward
Buessher, $2 45; J. J. Klapperset, $2 DO;
M. M. McNeill. 52 50; E. M. Graney,
$2 50; Ed. Tc-y, $2 25; Joseph F. Far
rell, $2 50; Norris & Lynch, $2 50; J.
T. Mooney, $2 50.
SWINE LIMITS NARROWED.
The amended ordinance prohibiting
the keeping of swine within the city
and county limits except within that
portion known as Butchertov/n, to go
into effect on January 14, 1906, was
passed to print. . ,
The finance committee began an in
quiry into. damages alleged to have
been done to sidewalks in front of 229
Dolores as the result of a truck loaded
with voting machines driving over
them. Claims were filed by J. Spring
and Mrs. Libby. The committee direct
ed the Election Commission to take the
matter up with B. Hayes, who had the
contract for moving the machines and
whose bills were reduced because they
were considered too high.
The sum of $900 was allowed out of
the urgent necessity fund to, continue
sanitary work in Chinatown until Feb
ruary 1, 1905.
The committee cited A. Carlisle to
appear next Tuesday to explain his
charge of $400 for printing "voters'
guides" which the committee consider
excessive. . :., i.
The committee again heard evidence
relative to the charge by Gray Broth
ers of $12 per day for street sweeping
machines. J. Harney testified that he
had paid the same sum -to the City
Street Improvement Company. H. N.
Gray objected to his bills being held up,
claiming that he had bid $12, which was
accepted by the Board o-f Public Works
and the contract had been legally
awarded to him. The committee took
no action, but asked Gray to file segre
gated bills for sweeping and sprinkling.
WARDEN. McCI/AUGHUY
FINISHES INSPECTION
IV ill Soon Make His Report to Prison
Directors on Reforms at San
Quentin and Folsom.
R. W. McClaughry, Warden of the
United States Military Prison at Fort
Leaevenworth, Kans., who has been
inspecting San Quentin and Folsom
piisons at the Instigation of the Cali
fornia Prison Directors, has completed
his work and is now In this city,
where he will meet with the Directors
some day this week, yet to be desig
nated. '
SUDDEN DEATH OF EDWAKD DUNN.—
Edward Dunn, & stage carpenter. ■ formerly em
ployed with ' the Billionaire company at the
Columbia Theatf r, .«ta» found dead livbed yes
terday ' mcrnlng- at the . Windsor " HJHel. ■•. He
registered with - two other carpenters named
S.- J. Donnelly asid J. Robertson. They left
for San Jose on Monday ; morning and Dunn
remained behind, being too sick to proceed.
He had been under ' the influence of liquor.
Death ls.bcllevffTto have been due to natural
causes.
CARRIES FIGHT
TO THE ENEMY
Board of Works Wants Grand
Jury to Investigate Super
visors as to Paving Bills
PHASE OF OLD FIGHT
Send Communication to Fore
man T. P. Andrews — Bran
denstein Eager for Inquiry
The friction between the Board of
Public Works and the Board c-f Super
visors is to be aired before the Grand
Jury. The Commissioners want an in
vestigation of charges they prefer that
the Supervisors in their animus and
political machinations to discredit the
Schmitz administration are placing ob
stacles in the way of the Department of
Public Works in a highly, unwarranted
manner and seriously- subverting public
welfare. The Supervisors declare that
an investigation would be welcomed
and assert that they will have enough
complaints to offer against the Public
Works Commissioners to tax the zeal
of the mc-st energetic grand juror. The
fur is expected to fly. .
The Public Works Commissioners
yesterday sent a communication to
Foreman Andrews asking mat he di
rect the attention of the inquisitorial
body to the conduct of the Supervisors
particularly in reference to the street
department. It is set fortii that in the
annual budget the niggardly sum of
$40,000 was set apart fur the repair of
pavements during the year, and it is
alleged that the purpose of the Super
visors was to handicap the present ad
ministration and place it in bad odor
with people who are interested in hav
ing pood thoroughfares.
Again, the action of the Supervisors
in blocking payment of the bills of F.
M. Yorke & Co.. which has the con
tract for repair of pavements. Is
deemed a proper subject ro-r the Grand
Jury probe. The communication recites
that Yorke's bills for work are reason
able and the rates no higher than those
that have obtained for several years.
The care of the public thoroughfares as
a result has been hampered to an ex
asperating degree, and it is pleaded
that a halt should be called on the
board that is grossly abusing its func
tions in refusing to allow a proper ad
ministration of the streets.
The typewritten document from the
Commissioners states plainly that the
Supervisors are actuated by the un
worthy motives of the scheming politi
cian. It is contended that they are
manipulating their powers of supervis
ing the expenditure of the public
moneys so as to make it appear that
the Board of Public Works is unworthy
of its trust They are charged with a
purpose of preventing the repair of
streets that It may appear that the
Schmitz regime 1 has failed in its duty
and gives the public the poorest of
service. In short, the Supervisors are
accused of doing "cheap politics." with
a view to accomplish the downfall of
Schmitz and his administration.
When Foreman Andrews received the
communication he sent for Supervisor
Brandensteln, and a conference of half
an hour \tfas lie'ia in: the Grand Jury
rooms in the Mills building. Branden
stein was -not disposed to discourage
the idea of an investigation. He an
nounced that he would be pleased to
have a go with the Public Works offi
cials before the Grand Jury. Then he
quoted from Shakespeare and in dra
matic fashion deciaimed, "Lay on,
MacDuff; and damned be him who
first cries, hold, enough."
TO SELL PART
OF BOND ISSUE
Board Invites Proposals on
March 6. 1905, to Carry Out
Most Urgent Improvements
The Beard of Supervisors yesterday
passed to print an ordinance inviting
proposals on March 6, 1S05, for the pur
chase of $2,573,800 of the municipal
bond issue for public Improvements still
remaining unsold. The portion to be
sold includes hospital bonds, $250,000;
sewer bonds, $724,800; school bonds, $1,
077,600; street improvement bonds, $243,
000; County Jail and Hall of Justice
extension bonds, $278,400.
It . is proposed to have the Board of
Public Works pass resolutions of inten
tion for. the .most urgent street and
sewer work. | It will be necessary to
purchase some land for the carrying
out of the school, jail and Hall of Jus
tice improvements.
An offer was. made by F. M. Burge on
behalf of ah Eastern concern to pur
chase the entire bond issue remaining
unsold. Burge produced a letter from
W. Mason, treasurer and manager of
the Beaver Creek Coal Company of
Philadelphia, stating he was authorized
to bid par or face value on the issue of
$17,000,000. The finance committee was
much impressed with the confidence
shown in the bonds by Eastern parties
and thought.it should encourage . local
financiers to Aid. While Burge's offer
was not formally accepted he was
urged to put In a bid for the issue of
$2,573,800 proposed to be sold on March
6, 1905. '
Preliminary steps were taken by the
finance committee which will ulti
mately result in the widening of Mis
sion street, from Tenth street to the
bay, and also its sewering from Second
street to the bay.
Herbert E. Law informed the com
mittee that the property owners on the
street were ready. to purchase sufficient
bonds on condition that assurance be
Klven that the improvement 'will be
carried out. The bonds to be sold for
the purpose aggregate $200,000, of which
$125,000 is for the sewer and $75,000 for
widening and repaving. The commit
tee regarded the . Improvement as nec
essary and agreed to order It done In
the event that bonds in the amount
named are bought.
FREE A; FREE
PLUM PUDDING
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL, ADS.
HOME-MADE
PLUM PUDDING.
Free With Every Small Ad. in
Sunday Call.
See Small Ad Page for Further
* Particulars. : v
THE EMPORIDM.' > ; | TO^ ' _ __ , T^ E - l I ?f FO:Rl y 3f: - -
We Deliver Free - - -^ - ,„,, fllanv Tovs
to all rail or boat _ shipping /S) ma ' *■■ • . .
points mithin 100 miles of 2^£r> Sz^^M^ J^JtiA- M *'* KM*+ Hnif Pfinf*
San Francisco on all pur- «* f~ W^ifff /W I & / fft FISH iTiGG
chases of $5.00 or over— coal — ///Mt/L/d^^yy/i w
oil, potaioes t sugar or flour, e*i imnhm-c . « B^,^.. M- ■^^ m ~- /Vc/SAzv
when purchased only, ex- —^.^^BSSBS&B*^^ * JC * *^*o//w/
cepted. Selection of route ' mVgjtfAWW 1 AMERICAS gbawdxST STORE c^ Mt ,JZ7/^^
ouroption. " • — ' beCOTld MOOT
And a Uttlo Mora Than Half fo* Othorm, This Wo ok.
19O5 Calendars Half Price C^#»»#«* 4fr9 £*/l 4#»
Choic; of all that are left of the beautiful calendar* for 1905, includ- %&mmuJB%£S v3^V^*J^Cwl' fl %M
ing floral be'ls, types of beauty, automobile calendars, Tennyson
Calenda!s, floral greeting, Up-to-Mitchiet Mother Goose, Smok- dS^'ff EL tk^k^^t
ers" Calendars, Jau>an;se Calcndari, and truny others; regularly 5c wjQ B B fj^M HJf
to ,'2.00 each, new 3O tO SimOO - "■
„ - — — — -.,„—.. A manufacturer's surplus stocks
Bronzes, Vases,etc.,Hait Price wa i k s nc . and dress s kjrts
The small quantltie5 of nuny Hn-.s lef: from the Christmas tale mark- ■ WOlMUJf ttllU urCZ>2> 9l\irt9.
cd ha f price to go at once. Assortment includes Terra Cotta Several hundred fine garments lecured by bs it itc-
t«cs, busts, fi^urr. and ornamenti; brcn« busts, rases, figures, r j fice .- the make* letson. together
ttatues, ash travs, cgar ifan '.%, etc.; bisque figures and busts, hand- r .» • »••«»■« ■ t . .«.«••
p/mt-d vases, dsccratii opal ware; articles regularly from 45c to w « h every TO1.C and ClOth dre«« skjrt, » bUck, White
$35.00 cavli, n »v . .* . . '. . . ".. •.. 13c to .v*#7«59 and colon, tnd many walking skirts from our own
' VaHOiiS Holiday NOVpltieS St °The biggeit «nd most •uccenful ikixt i.!e In onr
Olie-Haif and One- Third Off history . You , should h«ve teen the crowds baying
A-s:ir:m:nts so numerous that only fcr'efcst mrntion can be girrn them yesterday. • Assortments Still are complete, be-
in thh announcement. Buy youne.f ■ holiday gift of something that caus e quantities were so great, but do not delay com-
vcu ac:ua \v need at a great re Juction from, regular prices. .Assort- . •/- ■ • »j'i. T v • • «.*" t i_»
• . . j b - * r ing if yon womd be sure ot sharing in these remarkable
men s inc uq:: . ° - .. w
CccoratedCclulold Collar and Cuff Boxes - va ues * ' Alterations will be extra.
Toilet Sets of Com5, Brush and Mirror . . . ce ni\ *: ; C7 qn $"*
Manilkercriier and Cov3 Sets ?„•" l0 * 7#5U £. ' rtS * ZT'tZ
Musical and Easel -Photo" Albums $8.00 to SI 0.00 Skirts ...... $5.00
Swiss Cottage Jewelry Boxes.. ■■'.'. CH cntn K'trt Qlrlr+c CR .^{\
Packiges of Holiday Perfumery . J«' 5 " 1° 512 -i:'?..^ ' * -.?7 tY.
"Peggy from Paris- bj*s $17.50 to $22.50 Skirts -.$11.50
Pock3t Books, Cisar Cases, etc. *?c nn tn flO Skirt*; SI «5 00
Pin Cushions and Toilet Sets ?-*,«.«? t T «m i P * " ; * *,' -*ri<
Handkerchler Cases. Clove Cases . Special SllKDrop SKlTt— Regularly $^.00,
Opera Bags. Work Baskets, f * r . ■ . «.«p Qgs
. All Kinds of Embroidery Work Tor . . . ... . ..... v . ... v «g J ' go
The articles above range in price from' 25c to $1 0.00 each, now . . .,. , .■ - .
i3cto*B.oo Groceries-vLiquors
Mysterious Csesai* To-Day and Thursday
Assisted by Hants — Best Eastern sugar-cured, family size;
Helen and MagreUa Lewis for the 2 days, ib . _. . ;-. :-■. . . f Vfac
* ' Bufior — Extra quality, firkin, in i-ib cartons, each
itWT^f^faS^^^^^B^^^^^i^ Old Jvdfe Salmon — Packed in a crock inside the can;
iliilWIK^*' •f^^^wil r I \\ Cudahy's E. Z. Soap-Thirty-sevcn bars . . $1.00
MMIIUwF^^ J^J®I II ■ l\ Maine Corn— Rfgu:«r 2oc quality, tin. . . . J5o
MWiitiMl^m^^^^fltsi\ •*' ' * Fancy L * mon Cowe 0ran^ es ~ Lirge tnd iwcst> box • •
~^^~iiMffik.{ M&SiMgi& I i i^ffi CIvstcr Rabms— For table, 2 lbs 25o
MM^^^Li^Mi^^^^^ ' jJi^^' Lard— Beit Eastern, in pails, 3 Ib 33o
•^^'^^^^^ma^^I!^^^!^ ,|^^^^\ Port or Sherry — Regular $1.50 quality, gal. $1.O5
c^^gjs^^^^^-' Cedar Run WhbKy — Pare, galion .... $1,95
The Worid's Greatest Substitu- "£ S^^^L * " ' m '*VnL
4t^mm Tim, T*,imw*1* Muc/ow Table Claret—Good quality, gillon 4UC
Won OP Trunk Mystery. Marqvette Rye Whisky-Bottle 79O
Together- with a : splendid entertain- Burke's Porter— Do«n . $2.15
ment of parlor magic. Daily this week G m -^Boord*s o:a Tom, bottle. ....... . .89c
HI OUr Attraction Hall, Second floor, 10 Najlce Brandy— Genuine, bottle . . . . .$1.25
and 11 a. m., 2.30 and 4 p. m.—Free. &™m& V7 6> ; p ° fe R y whi»k y -Botti e . . 85o
CEMETERY LAW
BEING TESTED
Demurrer to the Complaint
Against Laurel Hill Ar
gued Before Judge Hunt
Defendant's demurrer to the com
plaint in the suit of Bessie Hume vs.
Laurel Hill Cemetery and the Mayor,
Supervisors and Board of Health of
San Francisct was argued and sub
mitted yesterday to United States
Circuit Judge Hunt. The complain
ant alleges that she is a granddaugh
ter of the late Robert Macbeth, who Is
interred in Laurel Hill Cemetery. A
year ago his wife, Sarah, died and the
cemetery authorities refused to per
mit the body to be buried in the fam
ily plat for the reason that a city
ordinance prohibited any further in
terments. The complainant asks that
the ordinance be declared unconstitu
tional, in that it takes, private prop
erty without due process of law.
On behalf of the city and county.
Assistant City and County Attorney
John S. Partridge argued that the act^
of the Legislature approved In 1869
and under which the cemetery asso
ciation had incorporated provided that
the title to a cemetery lot should be
inalienable forever and should descend
to all hejrs at law. Mr. Partridge con
tended that such act was unconsti
tutional and created a perpetuity. He
contended also that the ordinace pro
hibiting further burials was entirely
within the police power of the mu
nicipality, which was conferred upon
the Supervisors by the constitution
and the charter. He added that the
Supreme Court of California had held
that the ordinance was valid, and It
was ' proper that the United States
courts should follow, the State In
terpretation of the State statutes. The
ordinance was reasonable,, he argued,
as it had been proved that 'the main
tenance of cemeteries In. densely pop
ulated districts was detrimental to the
public health. . /■■ , .'
William S. Wood for the complain
ant denied that a. cemetery was of
itself a nuisance. The courts could
not take judicial. notice that such was
a fact. As to whether any particular
cemetery in a particular locality was
a nuisance was a matter, he satd, for
proof. The speaker attacked the
validity of the "ordinance upon many
grounds, one being that it takes in
the entire city and county, whereas It
should prescribe certain limits within
the boundaries of the city and county.
Superior Judge Makes Error.
- The Supreme Court, decided . yester
day that ! t the Superior Judge of San
Bernardino County had erred In ren
dering Judgment in favor of the plain
tiff in a civil suit because the defend
ant refused to advance one-half of
the reporter's fee. Henry D. Meach
am wanted to recover a piece of real
estate which he alleged was wrong
fully in the possession of the Bear
Valley Irrigation Company. The court
ordered both parties ,to advance the
reporter's pay and the defendant re
fused to do so. The Supreme Court
says the plaintiff should have paid' the
entire amount and had the defendant
lost the suit'- the' reporter's fee might
have been charged : to - the costs ac
count. - ■■."•;■■■ '
DEFERS ACTION
UNTIL FEBRUARY
Supervisors' Committee Post
. pones Selection of a Site
for New Public Library
The Supervisors' Joint . Committee
on Finance and Public Utilities yester
day decided to defer action on the se
lection^ of a - public library site until
on or about February 15, 1905. It
is expected that Civic Architect D. H.
Burnham, who Is' evolving plans for
the adornment of San Francisco and
for the creation of a civic center, will
return on the date narried. ' t • a -
The. committee discussed at further
length the two sites already under
consideration, one being block 73,
bounded by Van Ness avgnue, Frank
lin, Hayes and Fell streets, favored
by the Public Library Trustees, and
the other. block 67, bounded by Van
Ness avenue. Polk, Grove and Fulton
streets.
Architect Cahill pleaded for . post
ponement of final action until Burn
ham's return, when his exact views re
garing a civic center could be ascer
tained. William Magee said block 73
could be purchased for $647,000 or
leas.
H. P. Wollenberg ; filed a protest
.. ' AP ViatTlSEMEgTS.
0 RjOlS Il5
IV S^wr ■ After Christmas is a good 1 time to remem-
l^s^ \ Jr ber that Sorosis, best shoe in the' world.
I Best material, best designs, best workmanship that money
I can put in shoes. Volume of business all over the world en- ,.
I abies Sorosis to sell these. standard shoes for $3.5O. %
Special attention to fitting.' With our present ) stock we
can suit the idiosyncracies of any foot. Sizes, I to 9; widths,
AAA to EE.
. -Boys* and Girls' 1005 designs Sorosis Shoes now being
; shown. ' , . ; ; ,'.'.'
'.-. ■ SOROSIS HEALTH LEATHER
""S0R03S SHOE EAHjORiAROttLSHOB^TORB^
216 POST
against ' the selection of block 73.
Hooker & Lent estimated the cost of
block 67 at $575,000. Trustee O'Con
nor submitted a sketch whereby block
73 can be made to conform to the
plan of a civic center and argued that
this selection" would not Interfere with
a panhandle scheme wherever located.
Supervisor Braunhart thought it In
advisable at this time to determine
the establishment of a civic center and
connecting it with the park panhandle
by way of Fulton street and Alamo
Square as suggested by Civic- Architect
Burnham. He said the project would
cost $12,000,000, for which bonds
would have to be issued, which would
endanger the proposed acquisition of
a municipal water supply system,
which would cost at least $30,000,000.
Braunhart favored the immediate se
lection of one of the blocks under
consideration.
The debate was resumed before the
entire board at Its regular meeting 1 and
the postponement of a selection was
thereupon unanimously agreed upon.
A. B. Maguire, on behalf of property
owners in the vicinity of the two pro
posed sites, filed a protest against the
location of a library on. Van Nes3 ave
nue, alleging that it would be injurious
to the business Interests of the lo
cality.
A dream of pleasure, the new two ;'or
quarter* size American. 12 75 box 25. *
Wyman Case Set for Trial.
Judge Cook presided In Judge Law.
lor's court yesterday when the case of^
Charles Wyman. charged with fraud
ulently voting at . the last primary
election, was called to be set. for trial.
By consent it was decided that the
case would go to trial peremptorily on
next Tuesday morning. . " ;^ .--•£
56
GOLD ROSE REELS OFF A MILE IN 1:38 3-4 AT ASCOT
ROYAL WHITE FIRST AT LONG ODDS
Matt Hogan, a Rank Outsider, Defeats Tocolaw for
the Handicap — W. R. Condon Wins Again.
Horses Which
Figure to Win
BT FRED E. MTIiHOMiAXD.
First race — The Gadfly, M. A.
Powell, Baker.
-Second race— Sllrersldn, En
tre Nous.
Third race— Mr. Farmim,
Bcdner, Aujrie.
• Fourth racj»— Barrack, Wen
rick, Badly Used.
. Fifth race — Iridius, Mansard,
Venator.
Sixth race— Ananias, Letola,
Toledo.
; A real live one from the bottling
■works was uncorked in the third event
at Oakland yesterday. Royal White,
which started on December IT, his only
essay. >>eg/in showing signs of life soon
afte» the layers had painted up their
vui'tations. Sixty gave way to 30 to 1.
and at post time 20 was scarce. Bell
got away well with the warm one, made
his move at the right time in the
etretch and beating out Travers astride
the favorite Troy more than a length.
Yellowstone, another heavily supported
one, ran into the show.
Other outsiders made theif presence
Iclt during the afternoon. Matt Hogan
von the handicap at 12 and 15 to 1,
and The Gadfly and W. R. Condon
proved healthy investments. Alice
Carey and Meistersinger were the only
winning favorites.
THi: GADFLY COMES HOME.
The Gadfly, ridden by W. Davis and
£ and 10 to 1 in the betting, took
the introductory scramble for two
year-olds. Crosswalte made all the
Tuoning . with Salable, after which
• Davis brought the Keene entry along
■on the outside at. the last, winning rid
den out. Mogregor was third, behind
Falable. Helgeson went the overland
route with Handy Bill, and the colt
had no chance.
Vic Gilbert'* fitly Revolt received
Quiet backing to win the six-furlong
Belling number following, but failed to
make connections, finishing third. She
l«id Into the stretch, when Alice Carey,
the'.favorite. gradually wore down her
lead, winning without effort. Larsen
«4ok the place from the tired Revolt
.yith Thf Cure, second choice in the
-ting. '
• Althouph ther<» were big doings on
.Toci»la,w in the six and a half furlong
hancTlcap. old Matt Hogan. carrying
103 pounds and ridden by Tommy
<"lark. upset the .schedule. Tocolaw
was played down from 9 to 5 to 17 to 10.
and' "Big Bill" Knapp got him away in
front. Judge. Albula and Sea Voyage
all made a very tame showing, but on
the bend for htrme Matt Hogan began
Fhwing Figns of life. -.The favorite
swerved under punishment the last six
teenth and getting into the deep going,
lost by a head. Judge disposed of Al
bula for the show. Fifteen to one could
b« had about the winner.
W. R. COVDOX RIGHT AGAIN*.
" 'Dr. Rowell's mare Briers reced
eif fnom twos to 3^ to 1 in the
batting, on the mile arid fifty yard
Felling affair, and finished second.
Meisterslnger received smart backing
at 2Vi «nd. piloted by Jakle Jones,
scored very handily. Box Elder, the
pacemaker, only lost tiie place by a
uos#. Flaneur quit very early in the
era me.
L«uis Ezell's bay horEe W. R. Condon
has joined ihe consistent performers'
society. His odds in the betting on the
final mile and 100 yard number drifted
from 3 to 5, and he won from start to
finish. At one time Condon .was
half a dozen lengths to the good. Back
ing up perceptibly in the stretch, he
lasted Just long enough to down G. W.
Trahern, the favorite, a neck. The lat
ter had the late Jockey Travers on his
back. Freckman, ridden with poor
Judgment by Davis, finished third, a
neck farther away.
TRACK \nTTC
After investigating the races run by
W. R. Condon at Oakland track, the
stewards of the New California Jockey
Club at the meeting held last night
Jailed to discover any evidence of
fraud. Louis EzeU, owner of W. R.
Condon, stated that on the occasion
■when his horse was beaten when start
ing a favorite, he had wired a friend
at Hot Springs to play him and ex
hibited a letter in reply, substantiating
puch statement. It is a well known
fact that W. R. Condon was attacked
with a cold after reaching Oakland
and was * coughing for a number of
days. Elmer Helgeson also appeared
before the stewards. The Jockey
tlaimej he had exerted his best ef
forts to win with Sol Lichtensteln In
the race won by W. R. Condon on De
cember 24. and there was nothing about
the betting to Indicate otherwise.
Lee Blasingame lost Salable, which
finished second in the opening race.
""vanEas* Price claimed the San Lucas
yctfngster for $S2S.
Anderson rode a remarkably strong
finish on W. R. Condon.
Alice Carey, winner of the second
*>vent, received a ?300 boost, C. A.
deal bidding on the mare. She was
retained.
Dcjl Fountain strung some coin
across the board on Royal White.
GOOD CARD AT OAKLAXD.
The three fast sprinters, Mansard,
Iridius and Venator, will meet In the
ApVTOmSEMEXTS.^
WEAK MEN CURED
y*ST>i. We bav* a safe.
SOiOWCreru* /fWS\ j% SIMPLE HOilE
,f3| 8 «n A/ cure and want
«t3 f^V&£/'V'\* *very WEAK or
jnl /—-^ YSZrZ&f at X ; s developed
,fT% ')J*W* w k •f r: *tf2 niaa to try it ;or
'Ki/iA 4iL/ r??^? J f ' <5»y» on ap-
fSTI c iS.nd proval without
t*7-L' n J%£Tp±. -S/lSo chaiise. Ca'.l on
'Stiw^ y Ja"' 0 u « tjr wrlte for
fi^/j^'erji^ < j2 > > our r.»w very in
• XJON THE wKji.iSz ttrucUve 100-pa^e
Try C £S° " illustrated bock.
It' ' L "5r * V*^ w F jS k R tf 4 i-lainlng our most
•"■■••■^■■^■■^■^^^ remarkable treat -
r<jcct. It- will re«ore the fir* and VIOOR
,»» YOUTH. The only positive ' m>tiii known
!" Pt-MftJ^T URTTHPAL MCDCA'l KJN ' ■'■' 'A
■.:.ich wul fully enlanr* and completely de-
■ P the organa. used with oar Soluble Cray-
. : k quickly cure* all drain* and discbaires.
Vnr;coc«le. Stricture. Premature Decay, Rn-
..i-cement of Prostate Gland, etc. Our phy-
•tUan* «r« experienced -«oeclall*ta for, MEN
ccly We bare the most successful home cure
li the worlO. CALL or WRITK TO-DAY.'
Book aest EDCCRELT SCALED free. Hour*—
• to t. B-ani ay»— 10 to L
Vacuum Appliance Co., Vm^Ifk.^
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKLAND — Tuesday. Dec. 27. Weather showery. Track slow.
762O. FIRST RACE — Futurity course: ' welling; two-year-olds; value to flrat. 3^26.
Index Horte and Owner. |Wt|St. M. %. Str. Fin. j Jockey. Op. _CK
7G15 jThe Gadfly (K«en« & Co).... 105' 9 ... 6 2H4 h 1 2 1 6 W. Davis... 8 6
7611 ISalable (Blasingame Bros) 1C7 7 ... 1 * 4 1 n 2 % 2 4 Crosswalte 3 6
7611 iMogieKor (California Stable).. 110 6 ... 2 h ;s H 3 4 3 1 Bullman ... 12 10
"fill Handy Bill (D. Zellnsky) 110 3 ... 8 % 7 h B h 4 h Helgesen .. 3 18-6
754« iGolden Idol (M. J. Daly) 110 5 ... 7 h 6 h 6 1 5 h W. Daly..- 15 20
7611 Velna (O. M. Von Gordon).. 102 4 ... 8h2n4n6h Travera ... 10 S
7611 Bearskin (Skinner & Co) 110 1 ... 10 M S 2 7 2 7 5 H. Mlchals 20 20
7BS7 Tar Baby (F. J. Nell).. 102 2 ... 4h 6 2^8 8 4 Greenfield 25 25
7557 Melar.(G. Btrobel) 1C7 8 ... 9 >J10 9 9 Vi League 30 25
7569 ISweet K. Bellairs (W.S.Prioe) 107 10 ... (i n S 3 in 10 J. Jones CO 50
7tiO6 jilizpah (Summers St Co) 102 11 ...11 11 11 11 McGuire ... 50 1GO
7tUl J'earl Waters (O. F. Water*).. 107 12 ...12 12 12 12, W. Knapp 8 8
Time— :24H. :4». 1:11%. At poet 3 minutes. Off at 2:16^. Gadfly, place, 5-2; show. 7-5.
Salable, piace. 2; show. 1. Mogregor, show. 2. Winner, b. c. by Rosslngton-Cpnce^l.
Trained by J. O. Keen*. Scratched — Bill Short, Phalanx. M. A. Powell. Start good.
Won ridden out. Balance driving. Winner closed very fast on the outside. Salable no
excuser. Handy Bill ridden the overland route. Golden Idol Improving. Saddle on
Vrlna clipped or she would have b«en lns'.de the money. Pearl Waters was tried with
blinker*.
7030. SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; selling;; three-year-olds and up; value to first. $325.
Indexj Horse and Owner. |Wt!St. %. V,. %. Str. Fin. ) Jockey. Op. Cl.
75(57 :Alice Carey. 4 (Fleur de LJs)|107| 1 ... 3 1V-2 2^2 1MH t |Alarie 4-5 3-5
7(525 jThe Cure. 3 (Brinkworth Co)|10D 4 ... 4 ti 3 n < « 3 2 2»iJUursrn 6-2 &-2
7C19 iUevoit, 4 (V. Gilbert) |112| 2 ... 1 3^1 3 1 l l .»3 1% W. Knapp 5 0
7C17 Myrtle H. 5 (Mrs. Hertzell). .1107 S ... 7 »i 6 H 4 !, 4 4 jLoague .... 25 60
7(U2 AlbouiU. 6 (M:-Abce & D)..|102 9 ... 6 2 7 2 5 4 5 2K-i<5raham ... 30 CO
,7407 Light Braid, r. <G. Nevln) |107 « ... 5^5! 7 2 6 3 |J. Jones... 20 12
7«<0 lUrbnno. 4 (Mrs. Boyle) fill :; ... 2 n 4 >4 6 1 7 2 IT. Stewart.. 30 100
752^ IM. Culver, a (Van Bokkelen)jl07 5 ... 8 S S 8 iCroi-swaite 15 40
Tlm«— :24. :48>i. 1:14R;. At post 14 minutes. Of! at 2.40. Carey, place, 1-3; out show.
Cure, place. 6-5; show, 1-2. Revolt, show, 3-5. Winner. 1). m. by Trappean-Abbie F.
by W. Hifley. Scratched— Hogarth. Su&den. Start good. Wen easily. Bal
ance driving. Winner bid up from $400 to $700 by C. A. Cleal, but was retained. Alice
Carey only need«d a little shaking up t»»wln. The Cure an easy pecond. Revolt got very
tired. Others outclassed.
7031. THIRD RACE — Six furlongs; selling; 4-year-olds and up: value to first. $325.
Index I Horse .and Owner. |Wt!St. %. >,6. %. Str. Fin. j Jockey. Op. Cl.
7r.S2 .Royal White 4 (F. Lowrie). .1107! 5 ... 6 1 3 !j 3 lj 1 'i |Be!l 30 30
7t£l iTruy, a (V. Gilbert) L106 8 ... In In 2h2 l^|Travers ... 2 8-. r .
7547 I Yellowstone. 5 (W. P. Fine).. 105! 2 ... 3 h 4 2%1 n 3 h Greenfield . 3 16-5
7570 jAlta G. 4 (Mn. Hertzell) 107 9 ... 4 1Vj7 1 5 1 4 '-i jBonner 40 100
7617 I Sunny Shore. 4 <J. Dunn) ... 106 13 ...1210102 72 5 1!4|W. Lmvis.. 12 15
7571 'San Lutlon. 5 (J. Dixon) Ill 7 ... 7 1^6 % 6 1 6 n j.l. Jones 10 12
7fil2 |Ster. Towers. 5 (Stockton Sta.) Ill 4 ... .2 »i 2 h 4 >^ 7 4 Kunz 6 7
75M IKubellk. 4 (Emeryville S?ta.).jlO7 6 ..,. 8n91 92 8 Anderson .. 20 30
7C0& ,Ker.». 4 (Lamaj<!:ey Bros.). . . 106ill ... 11 2 11 10 'J Watson ... 50 150
7562 Tamm 4 (G. Edison) Illll2 ...13 13 11 10 T. Stewart. 60 150
7570 fivifepno 4 <J. Logan) 107 10 ... 9 2 8 1 8^11 H.Michaels 20 20
7487 jl'olonius. 4 (Edward* ■& Co.). 110 3 ... 10 i,412 13 12 Alarie 30 lOi)
7.'.12 ,B. Rosewster. 4 (Rcmigh).. [ill 1 ... 6 2 5 n 12 13 jT. Clark... 60 150
Time — :24U. :4!» 1:16. At post 1 minute. Off at 3:07. White, place. 10; show. 4. Troy,
place. 7-10- 'show. 1-3. Yellowstone, show, 4-5. Winner, ch. g. by Royal FlUEh-
Clara White. Trained by G. Deming. Scratched — Bronze Wing. F.rnma. Reubold. Glen
arvon. Start good. Won all driving. Winner outstayed Troy. Yellowstone could not
get up. Alta G carried into the deep going on far turn or she would have been closer
up. Sunny Fhore off badly. Sterling Towers <iult.
7032. FOURTH RACE— Six and a half furlongs; handicap; all ages; value to first, $400.
Index! Home and Owner. |WtiSt. };.\ i-,. % . Str. Fin. | Jockey. I Op. Cl.
7G14 IMatt Hogan a 1O. Romtgh).}ld3 2 2 n 4 2V44 4. 3 n 1 h jT. Oark... 8 0
7tK3 Tocolaw. 3 (W. B. Jennings)llO3 1 1 1%1 n -1 1^1 n 2-4 |\V. Knapp. fl-5 17.-10
(7e25)|Judge. 3 (J J. McAlester). .. 110 5 4 1%2 l&S n 2 1^34 H. Michael? 2 16-5
7008 JAlbula. 6 (Lamarney Bros.). 109 3 8 2 •" n 3 1%4 S 4 3V4 Larsen 6-2 5-2
701 4 :Sf-a Voyage 2iMrs Milier).. 90 6 6 64 53 63 5 0 Wiley 15 30
.... IBiff Beach, 2 (G. W. Wll<ion);lOO| 4^ 6 % 6 6 6 6 . Honner 20 60
Time— :23*-i, :4SV». 1:14. l:20«4. At post 1^4 minutes. Off at 3:35. Hogan. place. 3:
show, 1. Tocolaw. place. 7-10; show. 1-4. Judge, show. 1-3. Winner, b. p. by Wag
ner-Miss Hlght. Trained by J. Stewart. Start bad. Won all driving. As usual Hogan
bore out »ono in the stretch, but he outstayed the favorite. Judge poorly handled.
Albi'.ln won't do.
7633, FIFTH RACE — One mile and fifty yards; selling; 3-year-olds and upward; $325.
Indexj Horte and Owner. (WtlSt. %. 14. %\ Str. Fin. -Jockey. Op. Cl.
7R27 ;Meister*inger 5 (Healey) ... 104 1 8 % 4 1V43 n 22 1 1*6 3. Jones... 7-2 16-5
762» Briers. 4.<H. K. Rowell) 100 B 5n5n 52 41 2 ns Traver* ... 2 7-2
76TJ JBox Elder. 3 O. J. Moran) .. 8S 4 1 C 1 1V41 ?i 1 l 4 3 4 Eamshaw. 8 10
7tJ17 iHomage. •> (M. Rtppbenson) . . 07 8 84 83 6n 7>^4n league ... 15 16
7r.nl Fr Wood*, a ((.;arden <"y. S.)I1O1 3 73 7n S3 81 52 T. Clark... 7 5
7«<!9 JHe'rmen<-la. a <W. Cahlll). .| 92| 9 9 a 9 6 n 6 2^ J. Kelly .. 30 60
7«5<i!l !Maud Muller. 4 <Mrs. Miller). 02 2 2 \ 2 »i 2 h 3n 7h Wiley 20 > 20
7621 (Fianeur. 6 (Rianchi in McG.). 83 6 4 1 3 h 4 1^9 8 1 Greenfield. I 4 4
7317 JDandie Belle. 6 «Winter & J.) 107 7 7^68 7 3 5 h 9 Alarle | 40 40
Time — 124%. :49»i. 1:1«H, l:42»i. 1:46. At post % minute. Off at 3:57^i. Meisterslnger.
place. «i-5; show, 3-5. Briers, place. 3-2; show. 7-10. Elder, show, 2. Winner b. h. by
Wagner-Shadow Dance. Trained by C. J. Casey. Scratched — Bill Young. . Start good.
Won easily. Balance driving. Melstersinger stayed this trip. Brfers late In getting up.
Frank Woods improving some. Maud Muller quit.
7U3A. SIXTH RACE^ — One mile and 100 yards; purse; 3-year-oJds and upward; value, $325.
Index!" Horse and Owner. |Wt|St. U.~%T %.; Str. ■ Fin."; | g Jockey. F~6p. Cl.
«7619)|W. R. Condon, 4 (I..II. BzelDjllO 5 14 15 1 2>^1 it 1 n Anderson. | 3 5
(7610) G. W. Trahern. 5 (!-ram. Co.)|KO 3 3 n 3 2«4:t 5 3 4 2 n Travers ... 8-5 6-5
JFreckman 3 (Bradlry t D.).|lo2 4 24 2 2Vi2 2 23 S tf W. Davis.. 4 6
7610 jHo/alty, 6 (H. Green) jlO7 6 4 6 4 4 4 I^j4 1^4 2 H. Mieh'ls. 7 10
7rtd2 Veterano, 4 <Multnoma)i S.)..|102 156 56 52 55 56 J. Jones 8 10
76u2 link. 4 (Lomasney Brof.) ilO2 2 6 6 6 6 6 Watson ... 8 7
Time — :23, :48, l:I3»i. 1:41U. 1:47. At post % minute. OfT at 4:2S%. Condon, place, 2;
show. 6-5. Trahern, place, 1-2; show, out. Freckman, show, 7-5. Winner b. h. by
Troubadour-Felipa. Trained by I* H. Ezell. Start good. Won all driving ' hard.
Anderson made too much early use of Condon. He swerved under punishment at the
close, bothering Freckman. Davis on latter did not pick the best going or he might
have won. With a stronger rider up G. W. Trahern would have won. Royalty closed
strong.
ERRATA — In race 7C26, the Christmas Handicap, the value to the winner was $3200.
fifth event at Oakland this afternoon.
In the cloting race on the card Ana
nias and Letola are among the en
tries.
First race — Six and a half furlones, two
yfar-olds, eelllnc
7ri.S8 # Alone (Summers) 07
«7e29) # The Gadfly (Kerne & Co.) 100
7588 Mabel Bates (Strobel) 102
7623 Baker (McAIe^ter) 100
7615 *.°an Jose (Wilson) 100
7C0e •Gallant Caesie (Miller) 97
7t59 Glenflnan (Ross) 100
(;O3)*M. A. Povrfll (Jones & L«sk) 100
7C11 Herthus (Gilbert) 102
Second race — Futurity course, two- year-olds,
selling.
OCa 'Albert Fir <Jon*s & Lusk) 107
7U1S Kay Temjiieton. (Dodge) fl7
T'KM E«ella J (Jennings) 100
75S8 Entre Nous (Nealun) !»7
7C13 # l>illitus (Hackett) 88
(T55»)*Bob Kagon (Summers) US
7486 Bllverskin (Brinkworth * Co.) 10(1
ZVJi Golden Buck (Schorr) 97
Third race — One mile, three-year-olds and
up. selling. „„_
7622 War Time* (Grossheim) 105
7M0 Pctrolia (Belknap & Co.)..., 109
7C17 Cinnabar (Chanpcll) 105
7t«!7 'Mr Farnum (Wilson) 101
7iil7 Bedrer (Cruza) 109
7007 Tbcrndale (Murray) 109
7.">B3 'Glenarvon (Summers) 10*
7'59 (Nell) 1°*
7601 'Augle (&laglll> • 101
7C30 Miss Culrer (Van Bokkelen) 109
Fourth race — One and an eighth miles, three
y*ar-olds and up, eellln*. .'
7M0 Badly Used (Multnomah Stable) ....109
7620 Barrack (Barrett) 105
7622 Scherzo (Pueblo Stable) 101
7f27 Wenrick (Dayton & Kahn) 109
7C21 •Fill*. d'Or (Appleton & Co.) 104
7627 Gin Spray (De Neffe) 102
Fifth race — Six furlongs, two-year-olds and
up. selling.
7008 Iridius (Jennings) 99
7«13 Ferryman (Daly) ••••-• Jl
(75»6)*Mansard (Keene 4 Co.) 108
7416 •Christine A (Lamasney Broa.) iW
7S»« 'Venator (Rowell) 98
Sixth race — Seven furlongs, two-year-olds
and up, purs*. ;■ ,,„„
7.VWJ Last Knight (Lamasney Bros.) 110
(7(5C£)Ananias (Schorr) 10«
(7r.hi)I^etola (Jennings) 103
7.Vt2 Toledo (Gaylord & Co.) 100
7«;is Squire Johnson (Miller) S»l
7C08 lied Tip (Woods) 110
Cloverland (Murray) 110
(7595) Follow Me (Mozler Broa.) 107
•Apprentice allowance. $ :■ . « ;
Claims That He Was Robbed.
Charles Anderson, a sailor ■ em
ployed on the Umatilla, reported to
the police yesterday that he had been
robbed by three casual acquaintances.
He met the men in a Third-street sa
loon and they volunteered to help
carry his baggage to a rooming-house
at 1036 Howard street. Just outside
the house one of the men grappled
with Anderson, who wag under the
Influence of liquor, while another took
$35 from his pocket. The police are
searching for the three men.- v
BOXING PERMITS GRANTED.— The * San
FranclsCo Athletic Club was yesterday granted
a prolessional boxing permit for January and
an amateur permit for January 20, 1905, by
th* Board of Supervisors. The Hawthorn*
Club filed a petition to giv* an amateur ex
hibition la January.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,- WEDNESDAY. DECEMBER 28, 1904.
SCOTTISH BOWLERS GIVE
FREELY TO ATHLETIC FUND
Contribute $500 for the Great Amphi-
theater to Be Built in Golden
Gate Park.
Many Scottish bowlers were out yes
terday and participated in some lively
practice games on the green in Golden
Gate Park. The closest game was a
doubles in which A. W. Cochran beat
J. Addison, 21 to 19.
The other matches resulted as fol
lows: James Gray and McLachlan
beat Joe Gray and Crowe, 21 to 17; J.
Reid and J. McLaren beat Judge Shaw
and McXear, 21 to 18; the Rev. Mr.
Logan and Tickner beat Cochran and
Addison. 21 to 12; James Gray and
Crowe beat Joe Gray and McLachlan.
21 to 17. ,
The Scottish bowlers held an Im
promptu meeting on the green yester
day and decided to donate $500 to the
park athletic fund for the proposed
amphitheater.
SIX LADIES CONTEND
FOR THE COUNCIL'S CUP
Miss Chesebrough, Mrs. Miller and
BIrs.' Clark Ar e Winners in
First Round.
The ladies of the San Francisco
Golf and C6untry Club dispensed yes
terday morning with the qualifying
round of the competition for the
Council's cup for women and went on
at once with the opening round of
match play. Miss Chesebrough beat
Miss Ives 3 up and 2 to play;, Mrs.
\V. G. Miller won 1 up from Mrs. Le
roy Nickel, and Mrs. J. R. Clark
proved victorious over Miss Pease by
the great- margin pf.'9. up and 8 to
play.
This morning Miss Chesebrough
meets Mrs. Miller in the semi-final
round and Mrs. Clark has the bye. In
the final round Mrs. Clark will play
against the winner of the Chese
brough-Miller match. '
FREE A FREE
PLUM PUDDING
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
LIBBY'S
HOME-MADE
PLUM PUDDING.
Free With Every Small Ad in
Sunday Call.
See Small Ad Page for Further
"Particulars.
JOHNSON SIGNS
TO MEET HART
Heavy- Weights to Exchange
Blows at -Woodward's Pa
vilion Late Next Month
GREGGAINS TO REFEREE
Winner of the Contest Is
in Line to Box Jeffries
for Championship Honors
The sporting fraternity is now as
sured of a heavyweight battle next
month. Last night, Jack Johnson, the
colored heavyweight champion of the
world, affixed his signature to a set of
articles calling for a twenty-round go
with Marvin Hart, the pride of the
Elue Grass State. Both men weigh
over 200 po'unds, but Johnson will prob
ably tip the beam a bit heavier than
his opponent.
The meeting took place in Alec Greg
gains' place and the principals came to
terms without much ceremony. Johnson
signed for himself, while Jack Mc-
Ccrmick wielded the pen for Hart. The
men are to do battle on January 27
under the auspices of the San Francisco
Athletic Club, and are to divide half the
receipts — 65 per cent to the winner and
35 to the loser. .
The match should create much inter
est, as the winner is almost sure to be
pitted against Jeffries for the cham
pionship of the world. Johnson has
boxed many times in this city, but
never with a man who was able to give
him a hard light. For this reason, he
has lacked popularity to a certain ex
tent.
In Hart, Johnson will meet a strong
young fellow who is willing and able to
take and return a punch. Hart has
never battjed in this city and for that
reason the bout should be a good draw
ing card. Hart has been an in and
outer since his advent into pugilistic
circles some years ago, but he has
shown his best form lately and bis
friends say he is Jc-hnson's master in
the ring.
Both men agreed to Alec Greggains
as referee. They will fight straight
Marquis of Queensberry rules. The
bout wlil be pulled off at Woodward's
Pavilion, where all the San Francisco
Club's mills take place.
PATCH UP ALL 1HFFI1KEXCES.
Battling Nelson Will Get the lion's
Share uf $9001.
Battling Nelson and his manager,
Ted Murphy, made up in Police Judge
Cabaniss' court yesterday morning.
When the case was railed the boxer
said he would not press the charge
against his manager and agreed to
settle the matter out of court. Be
fore the fighting one left the court
room the Judge administered some
sound advice and Chen bade him fare
well. • • •
Manager "Murphy agreed to make
many concessions in 'order to be a
friend of the", 'battling Dane once
again. Murphy settled with Ihe boxer
by agreeing to let him have $6901 of
the $9001 and k»*ep $2100 himself. A
few days ago Murphy said he owned
all the coin, with the exception of
$3700, which was Nelson's share. But
Nelson wanted a larger cut than that
and it was necessary for Murphy to
come to the Dane's terms before peAco
was restored.
The pair will probably leave this
city in a few days. Murphy is anxious
to get Battling away from the glare
of the tenderloin and settle him down
in Hedgewick, where he can rest and
get ready for his next engagement.
Murphy said his charge might meet
Corbett in this city next month, but
nothing definite has been done in the
matter. Nelson has several offers in
view, but it is likely that he will rest
for a month before he enters the ring
to do battle again.
YOUNG CORBETT MAKES
. AN APOLOGY TO GRANEY
Little Boxer Takes Back All the 3Iean
Tilings He Said About Little
Blacksmith.
A bombshell was exploded in
pugilistic -circles last night when
Young Corbett and Eddie Graney
came strolling down the line arm In
arm. The little boxer, who has said
such harsh things about the referee,
now comes out with a signed state
ment in which he admits having done
the latter a wrong and makes an hum
ble apology for all he has said; he also
avers that Graney is an honest man.
.In his statement Corbett boldly says
h<? wants Graney to referee his next
fight, for he considers . him the best
judge of a fistic encounter in the busi
ness. Corbett says he was prejudiced
against Graney mainly through the
stories told him by untrue friends. He
is still of the opinion that , the little
blacksmith gave a wrong decision
when he declared Britt a winner in
that memorable battle last March, but
he is now willing to let bygones be by
gones. Following is a copy of Cor
bett's apology:
To the Editor of The Call — Sir: I deslr*
to do an act of common i justice to a man
who up to the time of his decision in my
encounter with Mr. Britt wib considered by
me to ha th<" greatest referee Th the tvjsine:-*.
Immediately after that unfortunate afT;;lr eouie
of my mlsRuided friends, in -an endeavor to
a»&uage the wound of defeat, lied to me about
the motives of the referee in making' the de
cision and I am tree to say that I »ai in
a. . mood to believe such stories and that I
unjustly stated that I had been robbed of
the decision. My investigations since I have
returred to this city have proven to me that
I wag imposed upon, not j by Mr. Graney. but
by my misguided friends, and I therefore d^-
Bire to publicly apologize to Mr. Graney lor
the reflections I have cast upon his honesty:
and while I am still of the opinion that I
an. a better man than Mr. Britt and that Mr.
Orkney's decision wan 'wrong. I desire the
pullic to accept my apology to h'lm as an ac
knowledgment of my own mistake in charg
ing him with anythlns else' than an error uf
Judgment. In -conclusion I want to say that
if I ghall engage in any further boxing matches
that my first suggestion for a referee will b«
Mr. Graney. for I know that he possesses
more knowledge of the art of self-defense
than any man who haa ever officiated in a
like position. I trust you will give to this
communication the same publicity that you
grave to the charge for which I offer this an
a retraction. Yours respectfully, .
■ v v "W. H. ROTHY/ELL, (Young Corbett).
Berger Ihird nt Work.
Sam Berger is hard at work at
Sheehan's tavern, training for his
bout with Jim Casey, "Young Fitz
simmons,"which.takes place at Wood
ward's Pavilion' on Friday night. The
big heavyweights will fight the main
event of an all-star amateur show,
which includes bouts between George
Flnnegan. and Eddie Kehoe, George
Murray and -Jim Fox, Bob Cairns and
Mike Synfy and other.* well- known
boxers. The show will be pulled oft!
under the auspices of : the Lincoln
Club and Billy Roche Is j to act as
referee.- --..,..._ .
FAIR PLAYERS
ON THE COURTS
Miss Crocker Wins Her Way
to Finals in Handicap
Tournament at the Park
DARKNESS STOPS PLAY
McLaughlin Beats H. Getz
anil Carries Off Honors
in the Juvenile Event
A handicap singles tournament for
the ladies' annex of the Golden Gate
Tennis Club and a class singles for the
Golden Gate Junior Club were contest-,
ed yesterday on the courts in the park.
Neither events had been - completed
when darkness interfered.
The handicap singles was completed
to the finals In one half and the semi
finals in the other. Miss Vera Crocker
won her way Into the finals, where she
will meet the winner of the match be
tween Miss 6. Myer and Miss Saxita
Van Vleit.
This match was started yesterday.
Miss Van Vleit won the first set 6-4
and Miss Mver the second 7-5. In the
third set Miss Van Vleit had a lead of
2-0 when play was postponed. The
tournament will be resumed to-morrow
morning, when this match and the
finals will be played.
M. McLoughlin won the first class,
which was the only one completed in
the boys' tournament. He was opposed
to H. Getz In the finals and had no
trouble in winning. In the second class
finals, H. Corbly will meet C. Sonntag.
The third class was completed only
through the preliminary rounds. This
tourney and the handicap singles start
ed last week will be completed to-day.
The scores follow:
Preliminary round— Miss B. Culley (3-6)
beat MUs I>. Weed (15) 2-C. 6-3. 8-«; Miss V.
Crocker (scratch) beat Miss E. Hess (15) 6-1.
6-3;" Miss L. Wagner (one 15 .".-«) beat Miss
A. Greenberjr (10) ti-3. «-4; MIm S. Van Vleit
(owe 15 3-10) beat Miss E. Jones (owe 15) by
default; Miss M. Worcester (scratch) beat
Mlts It. Lea (15) 6-1. 6-1.
First round— Miss B. Culley beat Miss F.
Mearus 6-4 0-6 6-4; MIbs V. Crocker beat
MIbs L. Wegener C-4. 11 -9: Mi3s Van Vleit
beat Miss Worcester 6-4, 12-10; Mil's Myer
(scratch) beat Miss V. Beyfuss (15) 6-0, 6-0.
Semi-rinals — Miss Crocker beat Miss Culley
6-a, 2-0, B-2; Miss Meyer versus Miss Van
Vleit rt-4. 5-7, 2-0. Postponed.
First class preliminary round — M. Me-
Loufrhlln beat H. McLane 6-2, 6-3; E. Galle&oa
l»'at H. Lans by detuult: H. Get* beat R.
St radian 6-2. 6-4; I* L«vln»on beat A. Marti
nez. 1-tt, 10-8 6-2. tjeml-flnals — M. McLough
lin beat E. Gallegos 6-0 6-1: H. Getr beat L.
Levin*on, 6-1, 6-2. Finals — McLoughlin beat
Getz, 0-4, 6-1.
Second class, preliminary round — T. Rior
rtan beat R. Wilder by default; J. Hammond
beat R. Van Vleit, «-4. 6-2. First round—
W. Marcus beat J. Straehan. 6-2, 6-3; H.
Corbly b»at T. Riordan. 6-3. fi-1; V. Butler
beat J Hammond «-l. f.-7. 6-1; C. Sonntaz
beat H. Morrt* by default. Semi-finals — H.
Corbly beat W. Marcus. «-l. 6-3; C. Sonntair
beat Butler. 2-6, «-4. S-6.
Third class preliminary round — E. Easton
beat E. Garcia. 7-r>, 6-$. 6-3; L. Netten beat
H. Trevors' by default; B. Marsh beat R.
IxH-entz. 6-2. 6-1: W. Hbnlgsber* • beat F.
Mafrgrs, 6-3. 6-1: R. HoniKsberfC beat G. Gunst.
8-2 6-4; H. Walkup,beat N. Abbott. «-2. 6-4;
O. "Morris beat A. Goldstein by default; H.
Garcia beat O. Maundrell by default; I..
Rosenshine beat H. Crane. 6-2. 6-H; R. Rleyll
beat R. -Brunn. 6-4. 7-5; H. L<evlnson beat K.
Punann 6-S 6-1; L.. Paylor beat S. Rcsen
ihal. 6-2. 8-4; F. Kahn beat T. Stewart by de
fault: R. Smith beat R. l>resel. 6-4, 6-3. First
round— E Easton beat L. Netter by default;
W. Honicsbers beat B. Marsh. «-3. 6-2: R.
Honissbers beat H. Walkup. 6-0. 6-2; G. Mor
riF beat C. Torrey. 6-4, 6-3; H. Garcia beat
McCarthy, 0-8 9-7; R. Riegel beat Rosen-
Ph!n«s 6-4. 8-6;' Levlnson beat Saylor. 6-2, 6-2;
R. Smith beat S. Kahn. 6-3, 6-3.
GOVERNOR YARDMAN DRIVING
WHITECAl'PERS FROM STATE
Retains a Squad of. Detectives to Se
cure Evidence Against the
' Offenders.
NEW ORLEANS, Dec. 27.—Gover
nor James K. Vardaman of Mississippi
declares that he will rid the State
of the whitecappers who make negroes
their victims. It developed to-day
that the Governor has retained the
services of a squad of detectives to go
to Franklin County and secure evi
dence against the whitecappers that
have been operating in that section.
He declares a general crusade against
the whitecappers has been instituted
in Mississippi.
The District Court has just cleared
out Lincoln County, where about 300
cases were tried, white men being con
victed right and left and sent to the
penitentiary, one for life, five for fifty
years each and a ■ large number for
twenty years.
The same thing will be done In
Franklin County, so Governor Varda
man" declared to-day. The McCall
Creek neighborhood will be cleared
out by Plnkerton men first.
CHILD'S HEART WEAKENS
PROM CHRISTMAS JOY
Excitement Too Much for Six- Year-
Old Boy and He Lies at Point
of Death.
CHICAGO. Dec. 27.— The Excite
ment of Christmas culminated in sor
row instead of joy for six-year-old
Louis Simmons. The child's joy at
the sight of his humble but to him
gorgeous presents, his little stocking
filled with sweets and popcorn and
the tiny Christmas tree proved too
much for him and he was suddenly
taken violently ill.
Feebly asking for the presents
which Santa Claus brought him, the
little boy was 'discovered by his mother
in one corner of the room almost un
conscious. He was removed to the
Hospital, where his condition was pro
nounced serious and his case diag
nosed as heart failure. He lies at the
point of death.
Finds Daughter in Prison.
After seeking his 16 -year-old
daughter, Myrtle, for three months,
William Cannon of Stockton found
her at the City Prison yesterday. The
girl left her home at Stockton In the
company of a woman whom she knew
as "Nellie." In this city she met Roy
Long and went to live with him at
the. St. David's House. The local po
lice were notified of her disappear
ance. She was located yesterday by
Detective Bailey, who took her and
Long to the City Prison. Long is
held under investigation. and the girl
is in charge of the matron at the pris
on. Long is. 19 years old.
CLAIMS AGAINST ESTATE.— Thomas j
Wattson has sued T. J. CHara, adminlstrato;
of the eetate of Mary Lynch? for*38i2 71
money alleeed to hav* been loaned and due
for ■ervlce* rendered to the deceased daring
her lifetime. ,Watt*on *ay* h* was Mr.
Lynch 1 sadviBer In the *ettleme*t of the e*t*te
of her husband, P. C. Lynch. , «»i*k
SPEEDY FILLY EQUALS
TIME MADE BY DIVINA
Two Horses Tumble in the
Steeplechase, but Crowd
Enjoys Sport.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 27.— Two rec
ords were equaled at Ascot track to
day. Gold Rose going a mile In 1:38%.
wiiich Is equal to the California record
made by Dlvina at San Francisco, and
Needful galloping the Brooks course, 73
yards leas than a mile and a quarter.
In 2:03. Besides these two features,
there was a steeplechase, in which two
horses fell, and a crowd of 7000 inside
the grounds.
The fourth race was the big feature.
It was a mile and had as starters Gold
Rose, "Waswlft, Bragg, Sheriff Bell and
Ralph Reese. Gold Rose's five straight
victories made her a red hot favorite
at 7 to 5 and an immense play went In
at these figures. Waswift was
second choice, Bragg third and Bell
fourth in the betting.
Gold Rose went to the front from the
start and set a pace that made the
others dizzy. Waswift and Ralph Reese
were the only ones that could get any
where near the chestnut two-year-old
and they finished two, three. Waswift
five lengths back of Rose and the same
distance ahead of Reese. Bragg and
Bell were outrun all the way.
The steeplechase was popular with
the crowd, but had little of the element
of uncertainty after the first two or
three jumps Allegiance, the favorite,
went to the front, jumped clean and won
in a canter. Gray Morn was second.
Ballantyne fell at the third jump and
Flea at the fourth. A stable boy
mounted Flea and rode her to the finish
for third money. Favorites had a good
day, four of them finishing first.
Weather clear, track fast. Summary:
First rare, aelliug. five and a half furlongs —
Tim Hurst, 103 (Trubel). 1 to 5. won; Jr»»
FOOTPADS SANDBAG AND ROB
THOMAS MARIO. A DRILLER
"Kill Him, What Is the Difference?"
In Remark, in Answer to Plea
for Mercy.
Not content with taking from him
all his money, two footpads unmerci
fully beat Thomas Mario last night
and left him for dead. Mario was
found on the sidewalk at Sansorae
street and Broadway in a helpless con
dition by a. citizen. He was removed
to the Harbor Emergency Hospital
and treated for bruises about the head
and body and a fractured jaw.
Mario is employed as a driller in
Daden and came to the city yester
day to have a good time. He had $25
on his person. As he passed the cor
ner mentioned shortly before 11
o'clock two men suddenly attacked
him. One of them struck him with a
sandbag, felling him to the ground.
Iioth then kicked him. Mario begged
the thugs to have mercy on him, as
he would give them all hiR money.
While one searched him the other
continued the kicking. Mario again
pleaded for mercy and one of the
thugs replied. "Oh, kill him, what is
the difference."
Mario does not remember anything
further of the incident, as he lost his
senses. He cannot give a good de
scription of his assailant*.
SALVATION ARMY CHRISTMAS
TREK PUSASES POOR CHILDREN
The Christmas tree given to 150
poor children at the Salvation Army
headquarters, 1271 Mission street, yes
terday afternoon at 5 o'clock gave un
limited joy to the little ones. It was
the gift of Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Schroe
dt*r and others. The tree itself w^is a
beautiful one. It shimmered with a
great wealth of silver tinsel and bun
dles of sparkling ornaments. Candy,
fruits and toys were provided with a
lavish hand. About 600 gifts were
made. Only little children who had
received no Christmas gifts were in
vited.
Adjutant and Mrs. Plumstead of
Salvation Army Corps No. 6 had
charge of the entertainment.
DAUGHTERS OF CONFEDERACY.— Ar
ticles of incorporation were filed yesterday by
Jefferson Davis Chapter No. W0 of San Fran
cisco, United Daughters of the Confederacy.
The directors are Nannie Crittenden Van
Wyck of San Francisco. Eleanor F. Heme.;
way of Oakland." Ida T. Dougherty of San
Francisco and Mary Harmon L# Conte and
Sally Dainserfleld of Berkeley. The organiza
tion Is the outcome of a meeting held Sep
tember 14 at the home of Mrs. S. N. Duncan
on Twenty-first street.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
goeoGoeoGeoGoeacaGooccoscooeoscoooooooooooooo
I A TRUE FRIEND! j
§ { n in s t V can V 1^ them 1
2 wff «**?* mcd J Cme ' . I incIose the address of one friend o" mh£ S
5 Um^and.it amounts to a K reat deal more thaTfheTek ™id"ol!^ %
• aftJ STluT^^^V., ST £££? t£S\r. X £" — « «* - not J
9 Quest of health, look at all Mxow^ p<J£^ Jt ec v- °*\> *?** wroa » ta ">• S
O ■pending- all they earn on flruffi—ioBe that"^ «" °, f hUE ""i«y that are «
I ur.Pi. «u. McLaughlin, 906 Market st •
© v mtKBSKmSm ' Ab <>" Ellis. S*n Francl»eo.Cal. •
.••......•.*..,..... M#M .. o-M########-#-## .
Kcll-y 103 MtTbrrO. SO to t. aect?n&: Id^.t
of D»y. H'5 (Rinlthi. 7 to 2. third. Tl=*
IC7»j. Il«r»*lri, Maii«i« Mackey. Useful Lair,
ll!:dt;bran<], A BOM, l>-iia Letord. Garvle* ar.l
C* I*. WutThouta «!»i» run.
S;c-ond race. ■»illti«. Hlaiwon course— Xascrs,
98 (Kent) ft to 2. wnn; Flos* of HUo. OS (Her
bert) 12 to 1. Mioiul, tlraat Mocul, 103 <Tu!
lett).'lO to 1. thlrtj. Time. 1:CJ%. Lea E«tl.
Decimo, Mlrelna. Lnndaeer, Skirml»a. !>:•, ■
Secret. Red L>uin*»l, l>*nsU and TncJcb* <
also ran. , ■
Third race, free handicap •teeplecaaw, oorf
curse— Allegiance, 1XS (McMahon). 7 to 5.
won: Gray Mom. 123 (Dayton). .10 to 1, s*-.
ond; Flea. 128 (Amos), 3 to 1. third Ttam.
2- 11 Flea and Ballantyn* f*ll and FVa »x
mounted by atabl* boy finished for thi-J
111 Fourth raw. one mile— Goll Kom, 83 (M--
Da-ilel) 7 to 5. won; Wa."nrtrt. 1W5 <THId •-
brand).' 5 to 2. «cond; Rilpb few. M
< Fisher). 25 to 1. third. Tim*. 1:38%. Sitr.T
CpII and Brass also ran.
Fifth race, selling. Brooks conrae ■r»»*lr!i!.
IM, (Keut). 10 to 1. wen; Helserson^ 0* (U»
rence), 10 to 1. second: llerwan. 104 CH1.;»
brand) 4 to 1. third. Tim-. 2:00. B!wn*r..
Iras. Invictua. Namtor and Mabel Clair* »:*>
"sixth race, pell ing. *tx furlongs— Hilort. «T
filcDanlel), 7 to 1. wen; Clo-rerton. 107 fOt:.« ,
I 8 to 1 aocond; Edinborough. 108 (H. Smith.
9 to i third. Tim*. 1:14-4. Bell* Dtx-i.
Dutiful. Bath Beach. Instructor. Ilomebr-J,
Isabute and Fast Master also ran.
Xcw Orleans Results.
NTCW ORLEANS, Dec 27.— R*«urt»:
First race six furlongs — Girt From Dixi*
won Lonr Days second. Dtxi» Andrew* third.
Time. 1:17 3-5.
Second race, one mile — St. Tsmmaay won.
Gay Boy second. FaJernlan third. Time, 1:4."..
Third'race. one mile — The Trifler wen. 1'aw
tucket second Mr. Jack third. Time. 1:47 1".
Fourth race six and a half furlongs — Frcn
tenac won. Matador »econd, Aitarlt* third.
Time, 1:22 4-5.
Fifth race. «tx furlongs — Topic won I-i
Tierney second. Tootsey Mack taJxd. Time.
1:17 3-5. _
Sixth rasa, seven furlongs — Qresor K wor.
Foremaster second. Mayor Johnson third.
Time. 1:30.
ST. STEPHEN'S CHURCH ASSVAl*
FESTIVAL LARGELY ATTENDED
Children Beloncins to the Parish Pre
sent a Cantata In IK-lichtfnl
Fashion.
Nearly 300 members of St. Stephen's
Church and Sunday-school assemble!
in Steinway Hall last night to tak<»
part in the annual Christmas festival.
The Christmas tree was illuminate<i
with electricity. There were presents
for everybody. A cantata entitled "A
Christmas Crusade" was presented de
lightfully by children of the school.
Following wa.i the cast of characters:
Franresoa. T.im Tasryart; Wahnita. Edna
Schultz: Sir LoohJnvar. i*rancis Lussier; Que- a
l-unetta. Vtvian Hilmer; Jack Rabbit. Ral-.li
Goldsmith; Zero. Elm«>r Harms: Holly. Am* a
Bourbln: Santa r*Iau9. Philip Warrick; w!teh^«.
Marjraret Tibbetsr, Fannio Thompson, Fa.nv.y
Bowman. Franris Lussier; gnomes, Hefci
Hagemann, Linda Schultz. AIlc*. Titus.. Julta
Simmons. Catherine Hermannen; Knlshts of
the Silver Star. Herman Hermanaen, E.-ly
Price, Kalph Harm*. Milton Morriaon. Nor
man Yank*. 'Warren Meachem. Milton Chap
man: fairies. Kl*ie EHirhrsen. Oensviev* Hin.e
lot. Irma Chapman. Olive Nutt&ll, Jessie II. -
K»nzle. Hazel Tlehrraan. Helen McPhua: chil
dren, Krma Tassert. Eva Coe. Margaret Tll>
bets, Ruth Shayer.
California IxxlffO Oflicers.
In the Dresence of more than 209
fraters the recently elected and ap
pointed officers of California, th*
mother lodge of Free and Accepted
Masons, were installed in the Masonic
Temple last night by Raymond Haw,
kins Wilcox, the outgoing worshipful
master, assisted by Past Master Henrr
Morgan Owens as master of cere
monies. At the close of the Installa
tion there was presented, as a token
of good fellowship and appreciation of
attentive work for a lodge, a pant
master's diamond set jewel and .
large case of silverware to Retiring
Master Wilcox, after which thei 1 ?
was the traditional banquet in an ai!
joining hall and responses to toast »
by the outgoing and new master anl
other of the officers.
Those chosen to govern the lodj; »
during the current Masonic year ar*
William Crocker, master; Henry A.
Cline. senior warden; William J.
Golcher, junior warden: August II.
Muller, treasurer; Franklin H. Dav.
secretary; Heber W. Wltham. sp
nior deacon: Francis V. Keesling, jv
nior deacon: Hans T. Henning. mar,
shal; Daniel E. F. Easton. steward;
William C. Hassler. steward r Samud
D. Mayer, organist; George P. Adams,
tyler.
The people who start wrong have to
live and unlearn.HAS NO FEAR OF RUSSIAN NAVY
LINER MONGOLIA WILL CARRY MUCH CONTRABAND
The Pacific Mail Company's big liner
Mongolia, Cautaln Porter, will sail at
l o'clock to-day for the Orient carry
iner'many notables and probably the
!argrest cargo ever taken through the
Ockien Ga-te by one vessel. Most of
•his cargo is for Japan and much of
it Is contraband in character. In view
of the crlDDled condition of Russia's
naval arm, however, there is iittle dan-
Z<t of any Interference from the Czar's
forces and the Pacific Mai! Company
Ea satisfied that every «>unce of Japa-
De*e freight will be landed. <>n time, in
Tpjian. Th*» Mongolia will have about
-'•"'.ooo tons of rargo. This includes 1000
>n«> of pig iron, prime pig lead, struc
" :ral *teel and much machinery as
\ ell as a laxee quantity of leather and
'■■"Hon.
•. The liner's star passenger will be
.Pcincf* Fushiml of Ja^ian, who is re
'urning to th* island kingdom after a
,Fhort visit in this country. Prinre
FuFhimi will be accompanied by a large
Huite and takee back with him two
magnificent borees, one of them a pres
ent from admiring Japanese in America
and thp oth»r a purchase .of hJs own.
Both enimaJs are white. Tripy have
t«»f>n provided with comfortable quar
ters on board ship.
Archbishop A. Agius. Apostolic dele
gate to the Philippines*, and his secre
tary. Slonsignor G. Patrelli. will also be
passengers on th» Mongolia. Othor
passengers of note will be: Lieutenant
Commander J. B. Blieh, U. S. N.,
fTSshop John Mc.Kim and Commander
P. Cullen. C. M. G. of the British navy.
W. R. Cattle and family will be pas
'^ngerj' on the liner as far as Hono
l] l.U.
Alameda Arrive* From Honolulu
T"h» Oceanic Sfarrship '"omfany'j; liner A!a-
RiedA, shining like a newly commissioned
y^cht. ani\-*d bright and early yesterday from
Honolulu. She brought more than two hundred
:«t"-r'-« and a cargo of tropical products.
'Among the- Ilner'» passengers was W. E. Mig
bell and hl« daughter. Mlghell, who U a
V»ll-kaown shlD&wner of thS* city, went from
fcfnt to Australia as the £nancial backer of
?h- Koib-Dsll-AKbtr .rcmblnatlon of theatrical
people, formerly known to local fame as the
brtght particular stars In the Fineher Theater
firmament. Mirhel! la eald to have found the
venture usprofttabl* from a financial stand
point. He enjoyed the trip, however, and al
though tha "angel" business carne high the
r.if ».! «xchequ»T 1* de.*p and the president
of :iie ' Calif ornia Shipping Company do^g not
•»-em -to be »ertourly worried because Australia
r**?u»*d try be aroused by what made O'Farrell
Ftttet- audience* Mr. Mighell and his
daughter returned Jrom Australia on the liner
Wntura, stopping over at Honolulu to visit
?r-.«»ndt et the island port.
; The Ateiseda s passenger* Included the fol-
Wwins:
C E. Ailyn. E. C. Calley. Mrs. F. R. Breed,
i:.f « E W Burnham. J. B. Grimwood. J. X.
HdnshaJL J. A. Matauley. N. Emmet May,
W* . E. MlrheJU Ml»? Mighell. H. H. Scovel,
F^Umota. Mr«. Fu.1'.moto. Yung la.
Ohio on Her First Cmtee.
T'ncle- Sara's nowrst fighting raachln« on
this roast, the battleship Ohio, paesed out
through the Goiden Gate yesterday on the
first '-r-J'je she h&« taken a?ace sh« was com
missioned. The object of th« Ohio's trip Is
the testing 'of ths wireless telegraphy system
rocently installed by the Government on the
Fftrallcne*. As an additional precaution
araltut mishap In the event of the weather
•rttin* "In tfclck Ear Pilot Mitchell Tyson Is
oti boartt the Ohio and under his directions
the big floating lort win be navigated. l>ur
ins; the cruise she will be In constant wireles*
• oranmricatlon with the FVrallones and with
I .-.e .Mare. Island navy yard, making dally re
tXHts. to the latter plane of the result* of
•-* testa* made with the Farallon station.
The Oblo will remain out ur.til by practical
« •■:* the worklsg value of the Farallon sys
tem has tx er. " demonstrated and Its field of
usefu!De«s established. It is expected that
-1 * Ohio' will ret many miles to the westward
before she loses communication with tho
rtrsSlones: •
Oo&sters on Trial Trips.
Two new steam schooners, built on thSt
<;oest- for tae coast trade, were out yesterday
on tb« bay urio'ersslag their official trial trips.
The latest additions to the coasting fleet are
tint Cascade ar.d the Helen P. Drew. The
Cascade was built for C. R. McCorcntck of
this city at Eureka. She was launched Sep
tember XI ar.d on October 6 left Eureka in
tovr of the Frastfe 11. L*sgett. Sire arrived
t.ere October 7 and e'.nce then has been
equipped with th« »nrir,f» which yesterday
prtrwed th«lr abi:ity to send the Cascade along
according to specifications. The Helen P.
r>retr was bulk at Grays Harbor for the I*
. V.. White Company. Eh* was launched 8ep
tir;b«r 1U end arrived here to be engined Sep
tember •£$. In tow of the steamer Santa
An Cnreporwd Collision.
Tt ira* learned yesterday that the steamer
lac:*, which arrived here CbrUtmas night
from Portland, was la collision a few hours
before her arrival with the iteamer Noyo.
'Vptaln JTbrgcr-sen of the Taq.ua made no re-
S>Qrt of th« afddeot and left on Monday, for
*«.n Pedro. The Iaqua was off Duxbury reef
»: 7:15 p. m., December 25. and there fshe
met the ICoyo, bound from this port for Ku
■ • >■ • The Noyo struck the Iaqua on the
counter, well aft, eHghtly damaring the
faqua'sj ru&rd. The berksatlne Ftillerton
which waa run Into aad damaged by the
»t earner Whlttler on December 23. eouth of
the Columbia River. Is being repaired.
Buried at Verba Buena.
The bodies of B. A. Clotter and George
• ":■ . oolored firemen on the battleship Ohio,
"no were asphyxiated on Christmas night at
ths Prescott House, 933 Kearry etreet, were
•■'»cu to Terb* Buena yesterday for burial.
Tb» remains were received at Folsom street
poa landing by the shipmates of the dead bluo
?arket» with military honors. The caskets
*«rs Dlsvoad aid* by sdde In . a barge which
* »* towta to T«rba Busna by a eteam launch.
IiARKKXTIXE Ft'LLERTOK AND
STEAMER WHITTIER. IN COL
LISION OX DECEMBER 'Si.
arrompanifd by a fl>et o? boats containing the
funeral party.
Overdue Rates Unchanged.
There wag no change yesterday In the rates
of reinsurance on the two vessel!" which now
constitute the overdue, list. The E<1!th Mary
If quoted at 70 per cent and the Brier Hulme
at »0 i.-»r cent.
Imports bv the Purbla.
The steamer City of Puebla sailed on Mon
day for Victoria with an assorted merchandise
«-argo consigned to the port of destination and
other Brltijh Columbian ports. The cargo was
valut-d at $70r.2. and included the following:
238 pkgs machinery. 2376 ft hardwood, .15
bars 6 bdls s>t?el, lf>5 pkgii fresh fruits, 850
Ib« dried fruit, 500 lbs chocolate, CO cs canned
good?. 00 gals wine. 150 bx* pa«te, 3 pkgs gro
ceries, :J <•* electrical goods, 30 bdla paper, 0
cs arms and ammunition. 14 cs 3 bbls lubri
cating oil. 405 lbs leaf tobacco, 5 coils wire, 1
ce dry guods, 1 cs drugs.
The steamer aJi-o carried 1820 cs ranned sal
mon. 75 nalf-bbls pickled salmon and 175 bu
cod&fh. valued at $9419, en route to Australia,
and d cs canned fruit, valued at $189, for
buva. Fiji Islands.
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. ] From. | Due.
Curacao j Mexican Ports IDec. 28
Pomona : Humboldt IDec. 28
F. Kilburn...' Portland & Coos Bay. Dec. 28
Xebraskan. . . Seattle Dec. 28
Point Arena. . ; MonUocinb A Pt. Arena. Dec. 29
Santa Rosa. ..; San Diigo & Way Pts.|lJec. -*9
Coronado ' Grays Harbor 'Dec. "U
G. Dollar I Grays Harbor | Dec. 29
Columbia I Portland & Artoria Dec. SO
China China & Japan Dec. CO
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports. Dec. 31
Jeanie S«attle & Tacoma Dec. 31
Breakwater.. Coos Bay | Dec. 31
City Para N*w York via Ancon. . Dec. 31
Corona. Humboldt | Dec. 31
Queen Puget Sound Ports Jan. 1
Arctic 'Humboldt Jan. 1
Eureka Humboldt -.Jan. 1
Arcata ! Coos Bay & Pt Orford Jan. 1
State of Cal.. : San Diego &. Way Pts. Jan. 2
Sequoia j Wiliapa Harbor Jan. 2
Sierra 'Sydney & Way Ports. .'Jan. 2
fiaxonia ! 6«-attle j Jan. 2
6. Barbara... ! Grays Harbor |Jati. 2
North Fork. . Humboldt :jan. 2
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pta.|Jan.' 3
Porno Point Arena & Albion.! Jan. .'!
Aurella Portland & Astoria Jan. 4
G. W. Elder. . Portland & Astoria Jan. 4
I Acapulco New York via Ancon.. Jan. S
I AmaMs Hamburg tt Way Pts.! Jan. 8
City Puebla. . I Puget Hound Ports (Jan. 6
TO SAIL..
Steamer. I Destination. Halls. | Pier.
December 28. j
N. Fork.,., i Humboldt 9 amjPier 20
Arctic j Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Mongolia.. China & Japan 1 pm'Pler 40
O. W. Elder! Astoria * Portland 11 amfPler 21
| December 39.
Porno Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
State of CaJ San DUgo & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Coos Bay,'.. San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Eureka Uumboldt 9 am Pier 18
Czarina.... Coos Bay direct... 5 pm|Plc-r 8
Homer Grays Harbor iPler
Elizabeth.. CoQuille River 5 pm' Pier 20
O. Llndauer Grays Harbor (J pm.Pier 2
Cascade Grays Harbor 6 pmlPler 2
' . December 30. |
Pomona. ... j Humbpldt' 1:30 p Pier 9
New burg . . . j Gray* Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
December 31.
Alaskan.... j New York direct Pier 23
Marlposa. . . I Tahiti dlrsct 11 am Pier 7
Umatilla... j Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Alameda.... Honolulu 11 amJPler 7
Ban Jose... IX. Y. .via Ancon.. 12 mlPler 40
I F. Kilburn. Portland Sc Way... 4 pm Pier 27
J Rainier Seattle & Bllnghm 4 pm Pier 10
I Point Arena Point Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Ccronado... Grays Harbor 4 Pier 10
January 2. I
Columbia... Astoria A Portland 11 amlPier 24
Jeanie Seattle & Tacoma. 6 pm Pier 20
G. Dollar... Seattle Pier —
Breakwater Coos Bay direct 6 pm Pier 8
Corona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
B. Rosa Pan Diego Sc Way. 9 am Pier 11
Bonlta Newport & "Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Norwood... Seattle Pier —
January 3.
! Arcata Coos B. &. Pt. Orf d 12 m Pier 18
i January 6,
! Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Nebraska n. - Hono. & Kahulut Pier —
i January 6.
Eaxonia...- I Hamburg & Way. 12 in Pier 19
y - FROM SEATTLE.
SU&mer. Destination. Balls.
Ramona Skagway A Way Ports. Deo. 28
Jefferson Skagway St Way Ports. Dec 29
Cottar© City. Bkagway & Way Ports. Deo. 81
Santa Ana. ... Eeldovla it Way Ports. Jaa. -1
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. Jan.' 8
Sun, Moon and Tide,
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
- at Fort Point entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of tha
Superintendent.
NOTB — The high and low. waters occur a>
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 20
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, : .WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 2& 1904
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both places.
WEDNESDAY. DECEMBER 28.
I Sun rises 7:24
1 Sun sets 4:58
(Moon rises ....". 11:42, p. m.
0 Time] iTImei iTlme jTime
£ ._ — ! Ft. I 1 Ft. I Ft. Ft:
f H W| JL V'\ |H W |L W
I 28 4:121 5.3110:02 sTaTslKl] 4.2|10:04 1.0
129" 5:C0l 5.4111:12 1.SI 5:1S 3.9!ll:07 1.6
| :i0 5:50! 5.4j52:22l 1.3)6:42 3.9
: L, Wi !h W !L W H W
j 31 ! O:C2| 2.0i 6:41| 5.7! 1 :28' 0.7 8:05 4.0
XOTK — In the above exposition of the tides
! the early mcrr.irg tides are given In the left
! hand column and th' successive tid*s of the
I day in the order of orourrrncp a« to time: the
! fourth tim<» column gives thf» last tide of the
! day. except wiwn there nrc but three tides, ae
• Fom»"time? occurs. Tho heights given arp in
i addition to thp soundings of the United States
j Coast Purvey Chart?, except when a minus ( — )
j sign precedes th» height, and then the number
| given is subtracted from the depth given by
I tho charts. The planr of reference U the mean
'. of lhe»low*r low waters.
Time Hall.
Branch Hydroffraphic Office. IT. S. X.. Mer
chants' Exchange San Francisco, Cal.",
December 27. llMtl.'
Tho Time Pall on the tower of the Ferry
bui:«1!n? was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
i. e.. at. noon of the. 120th meridian, or at 9
p. m. Greenwich time. J. C BURNETT.
Lieutenant, U. S. N., In charge..
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED
Tuesday. December 27.
Stmr Umatilla. Nopander, 58 hours from Vic
toria »nd way v>orts.
Stmr *'oof Bay. Nioolson, 69 hours from San
1'e.Jro and way ports.
Sunr Porao, Relnertsen, 12 hour* from Al
bion, via Point Arena 10 hours.
Strnr Aberdeen, Hansen, 75 hours from Grays
Harbor.
Stmr Alameda, Dowdell, 5 days 23 hours
from Honolulu.
Stmr Cocjuille River, Adler, 65 hours from
San Die~o.
Stmr «;hico, Martin. 45 hours from Bandon.
Stmr Elizabeth, Jensen, 42 hours from Ban
don.
Stmr Rainier, Haneen, 78 hotfrs from Bel
linsham.
Stmr Celia. 21 hours from Point Arena.
Stmr Eureka, Je»»en, 24 hours from Eureka.
Kchr Mary C, Campbell, 10 hours from Bo
dega.
CLEARED
Tuesday, December 27.
Stmr George W. Elder, Randall, Astoria; S
F & Portland S S Co.
Stmr Rosecrans. Johntcn. Portland, via Mon
terey; Matson Navigation Co.
Stmr Corona, Gielow, Eureka; P C S S Co.
SAILED.
Tuesday, December 27.
U S stmr Ohio, Logan, cruise.
Stmr George Loom in. Badger, Seattle.
Stmr James S. Higglns, Higglns, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Corona, Gielow, Eureka.
Stmr Santa Monica. Ol«:n, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Alcazar, "VVlnkel, Greenwood.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. Santa Cruz, etc.
Stmr Fulton, Panzer, Eureka.
Stmr Brooklyn, Carlson. Mendocino.
Stmr Breakwater, Seaman, Coos Bay.
Stmr Rcsecrans, Johnson, Portland, via Mon
terej'.
Schr Robert Rearles. Piltz, Grays Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Dec. 27, 10 p. m.— Weather
hazy; wind NE: velocity 8 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS
EUREKA— Arrived off Dec 2^— Ship Elwell,
hence .iJej 13, and on Dec 25 had not arrived.
(Wires down.)
Arrived Dec 27 — Stmr Lakme, hence Dec 23;
ship Elwell hence Dec 13; schr John A, hence
Dftc 21.
Sailed Dec 27 — Schrs Ida McKay and strar
Eureka, for San Francisco; schr Bertha Dol
beer, for San Pedro.
Arrived Dec 27 — Stmrs Mandalay and Noyo.
hence Dec 23; schr Azalea, from San Pedro;
stmr F. A. Kilburn, from Coos Bay.
Sailed Dec 27 — Stmrs Pomona and F. A.
Kilburn for San Francisco.
ASTORIA — Arrived Dec 27— Stmr Redondo.
hence Dec 22.
Arrived Dec 27— Stmr Aurella, hence Dec 21.
Arrived Dec 27— Stmr Northland, hence
Dec 25.
Stmr Celia, -Hagen, 21 hours from Point
POUT TOWNSEND— SalUd Dee 26— Ship Ar
thur Sewall, for Shanghai.
TATOOSH ISLAND— Passed out Deo 27->
Ship Arthur* Sewall, from Port Gamble, for
Ehanjhal.
Passed Inward Deo 27— Bark Diamond Head,
from ISten. for Port Townsend.
Passed out Dec 27 — Br ship Mooltan, from
Port Gamble, for Kalchou.
EVERETT — Sailed Deo 26 — Stmr Xebraskan,
for San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Dec 2T— Schf Tau
rus, lor San Pedro. ■ . •
PORT BLAKELET— Sailed Dec tJ— Schr Ba
lem, for San Pedro.
COOS BAY— Sailed Dec 26— Stmr F. A. Kil
burn, for San Francisco.
Arrived Dec 26 — Stmr Empire, hence Deo 22.
Sailed Dec 27 — Stmr Alliance, for Eureka.
GRAYS HARBOR — Arrived Deo 26 — Stmr
Santa Barbara, hence Dec 22. Dec 27 — Schr
Falcon, hence Dec 17; schr Compeer hence
Dec la.
SANTA BARBARA— Arrived Dec 27— Stmr
Santa Rosa, hence Dec 20, and sailed for San
Dieso. .
PORT HARFORD— Arrived Deo 27— Stmr
Bonlta, hence Dec 26, and sailed for San Pedro
BAN PEDRO — Arrived Deo 26 — Stmr Marsh
field, from San Dieso.
Sailed Dec 26— Stmr Marshfleld, for Ban
Francisco; schr Alvena, for Port Hadlock.
Arrived Dec 27 — Schr Stlmson, from Ballard.
REDONDO — Arrived Dec 27 — Schr R. W.
Bartlett, from Grays Harbor; stmr Acme, from
Santa Barbara. .
BANDON — Sailed Dec 27— Schrs C. A. KIoso
and Onward, for San Francleco.
Arrived Dec 27 — Schr Hugh Hogan.
ISLAND PORTS
HONOLULU— Sailed Dec 24— Stmr China,
for San Francisco. •
Arrived Dec 27— Stmr Sierra,* from Sydney;
bark Santiago, bence Dec 7.
Sailed Dec 27— Stmr Bierra, for San Fran
dsco.
Arrived Dee 27 — Bktn Irmsard, hence Dec 9.
MANILA — Sailed Deo 26 — Stmr Texan, for
Honolulu, via Mojl.
EASTERN PORT8.
PHILADELPHIA— Cleared Dec 24— Ship Ed
ward Bewail, for Baltimore, and passed down
Reedy Island. ■;.- xjc
FOREIGN PORTS
VICTORIA — Sailed Dec 27— Br stmr Empress
of India, • for Hongkong. • ,
CALLAO — Arrived Dae 26 — Br . ship Lord
Templeton, from Port Blakeley. - ■ ■ ■ • \ ■
MAZATLAN— Balled Dec 25— Stmr City *f
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.) ,
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 27.-6 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are resorted for previous day:
Boston M New York H
Chicago 88-3B Philadelphia M
Cincinnati 60-58 .PUtaburg .... 54-48
Honolulu, H. I. ..78-65 St. Louis 60-32
Jacksonville ' M Washington M
New Orleans M
SAN FRANCISCO 52-44
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same dat«
last season end rainfall in last 24 hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka T. 17.34
Red Bluff 0.00 H.M8 11.32
Sacramento O.00 8.28 4.44
8*n Francisco .... T. O.flH 0.02
Fresno 0.00 5.KI .»<>
Independence 0.00 .45 .42
San Luis Oblspo.. 0.00 4.87 .82
Los Angeles ...... 0.00 1.88 .4.!
San Diego 0.00 > 1.79 .42
THE COAST RECORD.
S? K K d » 5
3 SS 3E f.% «f I
STATIONS. g-!iii*§ £o *
-1 (2 J6 D« / ' —
: - 5 I I • :■
Baker 80.44 24 12 BE Cloudy .00
Carson 30.32 32 10 NE Cloudy .00
Eureka 30.12 0G 42 S Cloudy T.
Fresno 30.20 52 84 NW Clear .00
Flagstaff ....30.22 20—4 SE Cloudy .00
Independence 30.24 42 24 NW Cloudy .00
Los Angeles. .30.12 64 46 SW Cloudy '.00
Mt. Tuinali>'B.?.0.20 47 34 SE !Pt Cldy Tf.
North Head..2I>.9S 40 40 K Cloudy Tr.
Phoenix .....30.12 &« 32 NW Cloudy .00
Pocatello 30. «H 14—4 E Clear .00
Point Reyes. .30.10 05 V. PE Cloudy .00
Portland 30.10 40 32 E Cloudy .00
Red Bluff ...80.22 50 34 N noudy .00
Roseburg 30.08 48 28 Cloudy * .01
Sacramento ..30.22 50 34 NW Clear .00
Salt Lake ..30. ."2 22 • . . XV Clear .00
San Fr'nclsco.30.20 52 44 K Cloudy Tr.
S. E. Faral'e.30.15 53 " 44 E Cloudy '..00
S. L. Oblspo. SO. 10 62 88 Yf Clear .00
San Diego ...80.10 62 4R W Cloudy .00
Seattle 30.00 40 30 S Cloudy .00
Spokane 30.38 32 18 E Pt Cldy .00
Tatoosh 20.88 46 42 E Cloudy .10
Walla Walla. .30.32 23 20 N Pt Cldy .00
Wlnnemucca. 30.40 30 — 2 NE Cloudy .00
Tuma. 30.10 56 42 NW Pt Cldy .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
A disturbance of Mine energy is approach-
Ing the coast of Washington and will proba
bly move southward, accompanied by a gen
eral rain on the Pacific Coast.
Very cold weather continues from the Sier
ras eastward.
T,!cht showers have fallen along 'the coast
from Sr.n Francisco northward, .v/
Southeast storm warnings are displayed
from Point I^obos north. ' ':' ■ s; '
Forecast made at San Francisco ; for thirty
hours, ending midnight, December, 28, 1904 :
California. north of Tehachapf — Cloudy,
unsettled weather, with rain* Wednesday; fresh
southeast winds, high on the coast. t ■ \
California, south of Tehachapi— Cloudy, un
settled westher Wednesday; possibly rain
by night; light northeast winds, changing to
southwest.
Nevada — Cloudy; warmer Wednesday.
• San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy, unset
tled weather Wednesday, with rain: fresh
southeast winds
Los AngeleR and vicinity — Cloudy Wednes
day: pos«iblv rain by night: light northeast
winds, changing to southwest.
Sacramento — Cloudy Wednesday, with rain;
fr<"*h Routli»ast winds.
Fr?ano — Cloudy, unsettled weather: probably
rain by night: fresh southeast winds.
A. G. McADIE. Local Forecaster.
Para, for San Francisco. Dec 23— Stmr New
port, for Ancon. etc; stmr Curacao, for Pan
Francisco.
HONGKOXO— Arrived Dec 27— Br stmr Cop
tic. !-.ence Mov 26.
Arrived prior Dec 24 — Br stmr Satsuma, from
New York.
Sailed Dec ?7 — Ptmr Manchuria, for Ban
Francisco, via Honolulu.
UVERPOOL — Arrived Dee 25 — Br uhlp Mar
athon, hence Juno 16. ,
•TON1TA — Passed Dec 21 — Ger «tmr Sesos
tris. from Hamburg, for San Francisco.
SAL.AVERRY— Sailed Nov 14— Br stmr
Thornhlll. for .
NEWCASTLE. X. S. W.— Sailed D*c 26—
Bark Challenger, for Honolulu. Dec 25 — Bktn
Kohala, for Eleeje.
OUATMAS— Arrived Dec '25— Scbr Resolute,
from Grays Harbor.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
QUEEXSTOWN— Arrived Dec 27— Stmr Ma
jestic, from New- York. f>ir Liverpool, and pro
ceeded
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Dee £7— Stmr >m
<ter<?ani from New York, via Boulr>::«i».
LIVE1.POOL— Sailid T Jec 27— fctiir Lake
Champlain, for St. John. N. B.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Dec 27— Stmr Empress
of Japan, from Hongkong, Shanghai, Naga
saki and Kobe, for Vancouver, B. C.
Memoranda.
On Dec 25. at 7:15 p m, off Duxbury Reef,
stmr Iaqua. from Astoria, for San Francisco,
was run Into by etmr Noyo. from San Fran
cisco, for Eureka. Iaqua was struck on coun
ter 1 well aft and had guard slightly damaged.
Iaqua proceeded to San Francisco and after
ward eailed for San PeJro. Sinrr Noyo pro
ceeded on voyage to Eureka.
DECLARE WIDOW
IS A SUBSTITUTE
Evidence That Lum Quoia
Was Brought From China
Under Name of Another
The last complexity has been added
to the Chinese puzzle over the estate
of Chew Bine Quota, and, after the
arguments, which may be made to
day, the problem will go up to Judge
Coff ey for solution. It developed in
the examination yesterday that a na
tive born daughter of Chinatown waa
taken to China by her mother and left
there and that another girl was sub
stituted and brought here under the
native girl's name and registered. The
substituted maiden, it is declared, was
none other than Lum Quoia, * the
woman who says she 1b the widow of
the labor contractor and who (testified
that she was born in California and
had never been to China. f
It was testified yesterday that Kg*
Sui Ling, who was one of Quoia's
secondary wives, went to Cliina
with her little daughter, ( Chew
Mee Ho. Their departure cer
tificate was offered in evidence.
Ho, it ls~:said, was left in the
Flowery Kingdom, grew up and was
married. . The mother in 1893 re
turned, with Lum Quoia, who had been
purchased as a slave for the - con
tractor; the girl was passed as Mee
Ho. and In February, 1894, got a resi
dence certificate under that name, Ng
Sui Ling getting her certificate at the
same time. Copies of these cer
tificates were brought from Washing
ton and offered In evidence. ".-.,•;
Witnesses testified to having been
present at the departure, of the two
from China and others to having been
present at the arrival here and the
identity of the alleged widow and the
substituted girl was sworn in.
Other evidence was offered in re
buttal ol the testimony of Low Boon,
brother of the alleged widow in
China, and the case was closed.
Horse Too Weak to Walk.
W. S. Morse, a plumber at 1801
Market street, was 'arrested yesterday
morning on Kearny street by Police
man W. T. Hooper on a charge of cru
elty to animals. Morse was driving a'
wagon. along Kearny street and at the
corner of. Bush the horse fell. Hoop
er happened' to be ■ passing, arrested
Morse and locked him up in the 'City
Prison. The' horse was so weak that
it could . not have walked any farther.
POWDER TRUST
MEETS DEFEAT
Order Restraining Sale of
Chemical Company Stock
Is Dissolved by Kerrigan
INJUNCTION IS DENIED
No Proof That Assessment
; of Peyton "Shares Was
Illegal or Fraudulent
Either an assessment of $30,000 on Its
3000 shares in the Peyton Chemical
Company must be paid t»y the powder
trust, or the stock will be sold for the
delinquency. Yesterday Judge Kerri
gan dissolved the. temporary order
granted by him on December 10, re
straining the sale of the stock, and de
nied the application for an Injunction.
The foundation of the suit of the
trust, otherwise the I. E. du Pont de
Nemours' Powder Company was based
upon the allegation that the Peyton
Chemical Company would not permit
an inspection of ,the books by R. S.
Pennlman.to whom a power of attorney
had been given and who had been au
thorized to have fifty of the chemical
company's shares transferred to his
name. It was therefore pleaded by the
trust that it, as a stocknolder, did not
know whether to protect its shares or
let them be sold. The affidavits .on
both sides were voluminous and the
arguments protracted, but Judge Kerri
gan did not consider the numberless
complexities raised in issue. He de
eided that it had not been charged or
proved that the assessment was fraud
ulent and therefore it was not the place
of a court of equity to, grant the in
junction demanded. The proper pro
ceeding would have been in mandamus
to compel permission for an inspection
of the books and had this been resorted
to, says the Judge, the plaintiff would
doubtless have gained its point.
In its affidavits 'defending the suit
the Peyton Company charged that the
trust and its subsidiary corporations
had conspired to wreck the local con
cern which was prepared to become a
competitor in the manufacture of
smokeless powder. The chemical com
pany owes $113,000 to the Du Ponts,
which must be paid on December 31 or
$293,000 worth of collateral would be
sacrificed. Included in the security for
the debt are 1600 shares of Peyton's
stock in his company and if this were
lost the trust would get control of its
competitor. To meet the debt the as
sessment was levied and the failure of
the Du Ponts to pay. and the subse
quent litigation, it was charged, wnM
part of the plan to crush or control »Tie
Peyton company.
MINERAL LANDS
ARE IN DANGER
State 3Iiiiiiig- Bureau Says
So to President and to
Governor of California
The attention of President Roose
velt has been called by the trustees of
the State Mining Bureau and the
State Mineralogist to an abuse in the
entry' of -lands in California. In a
memorial thev have set forth tKat in
the large area of land recently re
leased by the Government Zrom the
forestry reserves in California there
are 1,097,120 acres in the Redding,
Susanville, Sacramento, Stockton and
Vlsalia land districts, the greater part
of which having been surveyed, by
contract, many years ago by i:»en en
tirely unacquainted with geological
conditions, has never been properly
divided.' It is therefore urged that
the United States Geological Survey
should determine, before lands are
restored to entry, whether they are
mineral in character, otherwise they
will be lost to miners.
Yesterday the report of the Min
ing Bureau trustees and of State Min
eralogist Aubury to the Governor was
Issued' from the State Printing Office.
This is published in pamphlet form.
Therein Mineralogist Aubury returns
to the attack upon those who are
standing ready to get possession of
mineral lands under misleading desig
nations. He sets forth for the en
lightenment of the Governor and the
Legislature that it is imperative that
action should be taken to protect the
mineral lands from scrippers and
from all except mineral entries. "This
department is in possession," so al
leges Aubury, "of evidence, that par
ticularly in the Marysville and Susan
ville districts there are tracts of min
eral lan<Js affected by the order re
storing lands to entry."
Appointments Xot Valid.
Judge Sloss yesterday dismissed the
application for a writ of mandate and
ordered judgment, for the respondent
in the suit of Paul Bellemans against
Auditor Harry Baehr to compel the
auditing of Bellemans' September sal
ary warrant for $66 66 as extra deputy
In the Recorder's office. Bellemans
and four others were appointed in
September at salaries of $100 a month,
but their warrants were turned down
on the contention that their appoint
ments had not been submitted by the
Supervisors to the Mayor in accord
ance with the provisions of the char
ter. The contention that the appoint
ments were therefore invalid is sus
tained by the ruling of Judge Slosa.
i SI. A. Newell, the marine insurance under
writer, received a message by wire from Seat
tle last evening saying that Captain J. H.
Kinder, formerly of the steamship Mongolia*,
has b#en 'app61nted master of the new steam
ship Minnesota of the Hill ;llne of Oriental
vessels. Captain' Rlnder has been In the em
ploy of the Occidental and Oriental and Pacific
Mail lineo of steamers for many years, and ho
is well ■ known to tlwse who travel the trans
pacific route.
IDENTITY OF SAILOR UNSOLVED.—Gil
bert Wright of 4 <>" Pacific Btreet yesterday
Identified as William McAllister the body of
the sailor who was shot and killed by Frank
Turchettl on Christmas ere. The body had
been previously ldentltted aa that of William
Druke.
FREE A FREE
PLUM PUDDING
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
LIBBY'S
HOME-MADE
' PLUM PUDDING.
Free With Every Small Ad in
Sunday Call.
See Small Ad Page for Further
Particulars.
APVERTISEMKNTB.
Heat your
office at>
once
I i !
This weather causes pneu-
monia, grippe, colds, etc. If !
your stenographer, book- !
keeper or clerk gets sick, lays j
off for one day, it loses more
money for you than a dozen
heaters cost. Then, too, how !
about yourself? Isn't your j
own health of some value? i
— I ' !
We can warm any office, j
store or house 'quickly j
and economically with
Phone Exchange 8 for
our expert. Don't wait I
to write. Quick ctiori
our style.
THE fiflS- -COMPANY I
415 Post, St,. ■
4k B 1MB A Ammunition. Hunting and \
H IB Hill Sporting y.xjds. Largest
■ sal IKU ptork. Lcwfst i.rlce«. S<?rd ;
1 lS B^l 9 Ut ''ataloguc.
KB SJ I M SHRKVK & BARBER CO.. ,
739 Market st. and 821 !
Kearny st. , j
|ASTHMANOLA|
Za the only care for Nervous: and
Bronchial ASTHMA.
Tour Druggist or at SOS HAIGHT ST.. ,
San Francisco. Cal. j
OCEAN TRAVEL ■
| i I
: _>tf»!r"?iv Steamers of company, or
: /BJ^^SvS. ' for WDlch ll >• ««r"nt. leav«
j «KJT_ /\jjA Pier " 9 aDd u . San Fran-
I I^^A I 1 For Ketchlkan. Wrangei.
1 \ Vwb^a/ / .'uneau. Tread well, Haln»!>,
I VC\ \\ yuf Skagway. etc.. Alaska— 11 a. I
V&O* m -- Dec - 26. 31, Jan. 5.
Xd/tfirVS>^ Change to this company 1 *
! *teatners~j'at Seattl*.
q .. r i N j£ toria - Vancouver. Port Townsend.
Sin i V Taco , ma - Everett. South BelUngham.
B*111ngharn_li a. m f . Dec. 26. 81. Jan. 5.
Change at Seattle to-thls company's steamers |
for Alaska and O. X. Rjr. : at Seattle or Ta- !
coma to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver'to C. P. Hy. !
For Kureks (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona. 1 :30
p. m.. Dec. 24. 30. Jan. 5. Corona. 1:30 p. m .
Dec. 27. Jan. 2. .
For Log Angeles (via Port ,L«« Angeles and
Redondo),- San Diego and SanU Barbara—
Santa Rosa. Sundays, 8 a. m
State of California. Thursdays 9 a. m
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
Fan Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cms Mon-
terey San Simoon. Cayucos, Port Harford (San
Luis Oblspo). V»ntura and Kuenene. .
i BonitB. 9 a. m.. Dec. 26. Jan 2.
Coos Bay, 9 a, m.. Dec. 29, Jan. 6. !
r- T,° r n8 « n 1 ada ' Magdalena Bay. San Jose del |
C«bo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pax, Santa Roalla.
.Uuayma* (Mex ) 10 a. m.. 7th of each month.
| For further Information obtain folder. Right
j Is rewrved to change steamers or sailing dates
TICKET OFFICES— 4 New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market St.. and Broad-
way wharves. Preiffht Office 10 Market st
( C. D. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent.
■ im. r> . »^i 0 Market st -. San Francisco.
! The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter st.," will
| call for and check baggage from hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
8ccamcs.s.co. •»*«?
OIREOT UM to TAHir. i
S. S. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. Dec. 31. 11 am
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Dec. 31. 11 a m
S. S. SIEFRA, for Honolulu. Samoa.- Auckland
and Sydney, Thurs.. Jan. 12.' 1905, 2 p. m
J.D.SPHECKELS&ESOS. Ca, AztS.,TlC]KtEnc35t3 1 Ii;-
toi FreteM 0S1C3 327 KariBt sl, Fiar 7, Pacils ;l
COKFAONIE QEKER1LE TKANSATLIVTIQITC
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday Instead of 4f jjty"i
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. ?*?. .'.
North River, foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
I' ond class to Havre. |45 and upward. GEN-'
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA, 32' Broadway (Hudson building)
1 New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast
Agfints. T> Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
I Tickets sold by al) Rallrcad Ticket Agents.
! For tr. S. Navy Yard and. Vallejo.
I Strs. General Frlsbie, Montlcello and Arrow
| 9:45 a. m., 12:30 p. ra.. 3:15 p. m., C p. m., 8:30 !
j p. m.; Sundays, 0:45 a. m., 12:30 nocn, 6 p. m.. 1
• 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo. 7 a.m., 0 a.m., 12:30
p. m., 3:15 p. m. (»5:45 p. m. Saturday), 6 p. m.
I Sundays. 7 a. m.. 0 a.m., 3:20 p.m.. 6 p.m. Ple>r
2, foot Mission st.: phone Main 1508. HATCH
{ BROS.
I Por U. S. Navy Yard and Vallejo.
1 Stmr. H. J. CORCORAN leaves north end
| Ferry bide, foot of Clay st.. 10 a. m., 5:30
; p. m.: Sun-lays, 10 a. m.. S p. m. Leave
j Vallejo. Aden's wharf. 7:15 a. m., 2:30 p. m. ;
; Sundays, 7:15 a. m., 5 p. m. Fare 25c each way.
I PIPER. ADEN. GOODALL CO.
' ~—^— " ~ — 1
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
' tX. HHiw^ Mm f
■ChlCAGO T |N 3 DAYSH
WS LEAVES DAILY ATftSO A.M.H
«fl WITM QirHCRS AMD OLEEPgR3B
Other Santa re Trains:
7:30 a. ro. 1
9:30 a. m. \ For Stockton. Freano, Bakersfletd,
8:00 p. m. J Merced. IlanforJ and Vlsalia.
♦:0Op. m. For Stockton.
8:00 p. in. For Kansas City, Grand Canyon
and Chicago.
Ticket Offices— 641 Market st. and Ferry Depot.
Pan Francisco; also 1112 Broadway, Oak-
. land. Cal.: also 27 South 1st. San Jos*.
■ To SAN RAFAEL
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc
Via Sansallto Tarty
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Francisco, daily, at t7:05
7:45. 8:25. 8:10, 9:50, 11:00 a. m.: 12:20 1 : 45
3:15, 4;35, 0:15, 6:50. 6:S0, 7:15, 10:15 and
11:35 p. m.
Arrive at San Francisco, dally, at tfl*40
7:35. 8:15. 8:50, 8:85, 10:50 a. m.; 12:10 l : 3o'
2:56. 4:25. 6:05, 5:42. 6:22. 8:57. 7:40 and 11:25 }
P. TO. ;
tDaity except Sunday. -
For Fairfax, dally, at 7:45 a. m.: also Satur-
days at 3:15 p. m.. and dally except Saturday i
and Sunday at 5:15 p. m.
.THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. dally — Cazadero and way stations.
3:15 p. m., Saturdays only — For Cazadero,
etc - - , . -'- ■ "' " . •
5:15 p. rn. dally, except Saturday and Sun-
day, for Tomalea etc
TICKET OFFICE— 650 Market st.
' " FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market st.
RAILWAY TRAVKIa.
/VfCTir>^r\ to arrl v« st
ff^^jjilAH FRANCISCO.
yjf— l£3rjb/ r *°* octq«« a. »•».
«sj^™^tt\r *iui Dai ei
t>^ (Toot et Market Street.) ♦
i-.atk - MAIN LINE. -awtT
7X0a VMirUle. Wlaters. itaatsey....^. 730»»
7.00a Beaiets, Elmtrasad SacTsmeato.. 7.20*
7.30a TsUeJo. Kspa. Csllstog*. 8a«to
Rosa. MsrUaei. Saa iunwa 1.20*
7 30 A Sne*. Traey. Lutlirop. Stockton. ... 7.20*
8 OCA 3ht»M Kxpresa — ( V!» Darls).
Wiutamt. Willows, tJTrata. Ked
Blarr. Portland. Tiroma, Seattle 7$3»
I Ct)A Ds.Tls.WoodJ»niJ. Knishti L»ad:n&
MsryiTUIe. OTovme 1-tO*
8 30» M*rtlaez. Aatiuco. Cj roa, Trsey.
.'' Stooktoa, Ki<n>3. Los Baaos,
Mendals> Aimou, U»afor4,
Vlsslla. i»orter»Ule -. *.29»
• 33* rert Costa. Uodiito. Ms reed.
Frsroo, Uo«bea JnncHoa, H»n-
ford. VltslU. Ba%«r«eeld ... ... 4.5W
1-30 a Hlles. S*a Joee. Llreraere. Steck-
ton. (tMtltoa). Hoe. S*cr*ni*ata m .__
MarytTlUe. Chlco. Ued Blnff .... *2Om
• 50a Oskilsle. Cbin«*8. Jamestown. So>
nor*. Tuolan. j» and \ni',\» ..... S**9*
• DOa AOsattc Express— Cstdcn »ad E««. 52O»»
830a Blchmond. MarUees aad "Way
SUUoss i-»0s»
lOCDATbi OTerlsnd Ltmlte* — «>tdsn.
Omabs, Cnlcaco,J>«aTer f K*>asM
io^ATa s .^?::::::::.::::::::::r ilS:
10.00a Los Act»!ei PMsenger — Port
Ceeta, Martinet. Byron. Traey.
Latarop. Stockton. Mere«4.
Raymond. Fresao. Gosben Junc-
tion, Hanrord, Lemoor«, Visvtv _
Bakersosld. Los Anzole* „ I-*x"
t2.00M Hayward. Nllesaad Wsy 9tattona. fW
ti^OPSucrsmentoRlTer Sttamers- fll.00»
5-30<» Bealcla. Wlntera. Baeranentai
Woodland, Knlcbra Ijutdlog.
ManrtTlUe. OroTllle and way
stations 1 2I2*
8-M*> Hayward.N!1es aad Wsy Stations.. 7 50*
I S3p Port Custa, Murt : «, My ron.Tr»cy.
Lathrop, Stockton, Modesto.
Merced. Beren4s. Frrsrjo and
Way Stations beyond Tort. Costa 12-20s>
4 -001* IIartlnez,6an Kamon. VsUe)o,Napsv
CalUtoca. Bants Hosa. ,H2*
4 OOP Filet. Tracy. Stockton 10.20>%
4J0P Harvard. NUes. IrrlBxtoa. Sail tS.SOA
Jose. Llvermore } 111.60a
f -00* The Owl Uid!i<?4— Newsua. Los
Hanrm. M.-n :oi». Kreiao. Tnlare. •
MaksrsScld. Loa Angalss. 8-&0*
■ 18 SOPBsyward. Ntles aa.i San Jm« ...^ 7-20*
MiQp H»y ward. H lies aad R»n Joaa ft&Obft
I.00P Kstlera Kxprcss— Omabn, Cnl<- 1 jto,
DkBTer. Kasias City. St. Lou.'s.
Martinez. Stockton. 3»cr»m«a^
Cot fax. Reno. B parks. UobUUsv
„ _. Ocdea :2-$Q*
•■Wp Vslleto. dally, except dnadsy.... f j Krtm
7J10P Vallejo, Suntlay only f 78BP
7 J)Cp Kichrnond, s»n Pablo, Ton Cost*.
Martlnes and Way Stations 11.20*
. 74n)PReno Passenger— Port Costa. Be>
ntcla, Sulsan, Kimlr*. Dtxoa.-
Derls. Sacramentn, SparkR. Too*
pah. Keoitr and War Sratloos... 760a
■■05p Oregoa * Calirornla Kxprest— 8*o-
ramento, Murysvlile. Redding,
Portland. Pagat Sound and Bast. 8-53*
i.10e> Hayward. Nile* and Baa Jos« (Soa-
— dayonly) t1.S0#,
COA§T LINE (Sarr»- tiaar.*).
(Toot of Market 8 treat.)
1.1 &A Kewark. Ceoterrllle. Saa Jose,
Feltoa, Boulder Creek, Saatt
Crni and Way Stations 8 55*
H.15p Newark. Centerrllls, San Jose,
New Almadea. Loa Oatos,Fsltoev
Bonldsr Cr<t«k. Santa Cru aad
Principal Way Stations tTO-IS*
4-16P Newark. Baa Jose. Los Gatos... | : ]j"a|*
«9-30p HnaUrs* Train (Saturday <mly>—
Baa Jose aad Way Stations t7-25»
COAST LINE (uroaJ U** K »).
rjr~Cfaird and Tuwnssnd Streets.)
S-IOa San Jos« sad Way Stations......... § -Sfl»
7.00a San Jas« and Way Stations..... ... 6.40*
IOOa New Almadea (Tnes^ FridL. •aty>. 4.10*
• 00a Tb« Coaster— San Jo<«, Salinas,
Baa Ardo, P*so Bobles. Santa
Marcartta, Saa Lola Oblipe^
Gaadalnpe. Oarlota, Santa Ba>>
• ara, Saa Buenaventura, Mon-
uIto. Oxnard. B u r b a n k, Loe
Angeles 19.39*
g 00a Ollroy. Holltster. CastrorlUe, Pel
Monte. Pacific Oro»e. Surf, Lonv
poo 1040*
8. CO a San Jose. Tres Ptaes.WatconTille,
Cspltola. SanU Crnz, Paclfle
Grove. Saltaas. oaa Lois Oblige
and Principal Wsy Stations. w ' 4-10»
1040a San Jose and Way Stations......... 1.20»
II 30a San Jose sod War Stations........ 7.50=»
(.15p San Joac and Way Stations 1.53*
• XOPDel Monte Express — Santa Clara.
San Joa«, WatsonTllle, Santa
Crnz. Del Von:e. Monterey.
Pacific Grove 12-15*
tlOOp Los Gatos, Wrtgbt, Boulder Creek!
Santa Cms, via Banu Clara and
Narrow Gauge -110.48a
I-30P Valencia Pt.. SonUi San Pranclseew
Burllnsram-. San Jos«, Gllray,
Holllster. Tres Plnos 10-4B«
4 30* Pan Jo»e and Way Stations t8.00*
t64>0P SanU Clara, 9an Jose. Los Ottos,
; aad principal Way liutlons (ex-
. eept Sunday) t»00*
|i.30p tan Joieand Principally Stations J9.4O*
i 41p &aos«t Express.— Kedwood. 8aa
Jose, Gtlroy.Sa;ina«.Paso Rob lee,
Saa Lula Oblspo, Santa Barbara,
Los Angeles. Demise £1 Pa»o.
pt,Lonts, New Orleans. Kew Tort 8 10a
i.48pPaJaro. Watson vt:ie. Capitol a.
> eanu Crur. Castrovllle, Pel
Monte, Pacific Grove 10.30a*
, 1I-16p tsnMateo.Beresford,Belmont,8aa
Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaka,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto t8.4B«
6 30p Ssn Jo»e and Way Stations. 8.3«a
8-OOp Palo Alto and Way Stations....... 10.15*
: 1 1. iO p South San Trsnclico. Mllibrae.Bor-
: "Dicame, San Msteu, Belmont.
Ean Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks.
Menlo Park, aad Palo Alto tH 43a>
■11I0P Mayneld, Moanutn View, tiuniy-
vale, Lawrence. Santa Clara aad '> ' '-'--.
I SanJosa tl.48a>
A tor Morning. P for AtMrnoest.
1l«aday sxcepted. tBnndayoaly.
« Saturday only. 6 Monday o*tf-
tSions at all stations on SunUajv
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
Tlotuon Ferry, root of Market Street.
SAW FBAZrCXSCO TO SAH EAPAEL.
WEEK DAYS — 7:80, 9:uo,. ll:uu a. m.; OS39,
3:30. 3:10. 6:r.i> p. m. ThursJays — Extra trip
at 11:30 d. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:SO. 11:00 a. m. : 1:80. 3:30.
5:0O. «:2O. ll:3i> r. m.
SA2T 2ATACL TO SAW PBAWCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— B:05. 7:33, 7:iO. U:20. 11:13
a. in.; 12:^.'. a:ln. 5:ou, B:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p. in.
SUNDAYS— S:oO. 9:4O. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40, 3AU,
4:05. 5:05. «:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect J Arrlvs
San Fran. | Oct. 2, 1004. | Ean FYan.
Week I Sun- I Destina- I Sun- I WwH
Days. I day?. | tloa | days, f Days.
7:30 a! 8:00 a S:10a! 9:40a
9:30a It-naclo. . 10:40 a 10:S>a>
3:3OpiS:SOp 6:C5p 6:'.*0»
' 5:10 p| &:0Od 7 :35 0|
7:3Oa ■ I 9:10 aj 8:4l> a,
S:0Oa Norato. 10:4O a|10:2U a.
3:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:05 pi 8:2O p
6:10 v 3:30 p and , 7:35 p
5 :00 d Eanta Roaa. | .'_ " t
7:30 a ' 10:40 a 1 , 10: 30 a>
8:00 a Pulton. i:35p «:»)»
3:30 p 3:3Op I
Windsor.
7:30 a S:OOa Uealdsburr, 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton,
3:30 p 3:30 p GeyservtlK 7:35 I 6:2o »
Cloverdale. (
7:30 al 8:00 al Hoptand 110:40 a|10:2O *
3:30p|3:30p| and Uklah. | 7:35 p| 6:2t> 9
I I Wliltta and I I
7:30 a| 8:00 a) Sherwood. [ 7:35 p| 8:20 9
7:30 al 8:00 al 110:40 a!10:20 »
3:30 pi S:30p| Guernevirie. ( 7:35 p| 6:20 o
7:30a! 8:00 al ~Sonoma. I »:10ai 8:40 a,
5:10pt 3:00pl Glen Ellen. I 6:05 pi 8:20 p
7:30 al 8:0O a! '" |1O:4O alioTzVal
3:80 p| 3:30 pi Sfbastopol. I 7:35 p| 8:M p
STAGES connect at Green Brae, tor 3an
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Bprtcge and Mark West Sprlnrs: at Lytton for
Lytton Springs; at GeyservUle tor Skans
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers. Boone-
vUle and Greenwood; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyrllle. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport, Bartlett
Springs and Lake County Hot Springs; at
Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs.
Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Spring*,
Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley. John Day's.
Rlvenitie LJerly's. BuckneM'a. Eanhedrln
Heights, Hullvllle. Orr*s Hot Springs. Halfway
Mouse Comptche. Hopkins. Mendocino City.
Fort Bragg Westport and Usal: at W lints fop
Port Brag*. Hearst and Sawyers; at Sherwood
for Cahto Covelo. Laytonvlll*, Cummlng*.
Bell's Springs Harris. Hubbard. Jrultland.
Dyer. GerberviUe. Camp 5. Pepperwood. Scotia
"gaturday to Monday round- trip ttcketa at re-
duced rates. |
On Sunday — .Round- trip tlcketJ to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
TlcXet office. 650 Market street. Cbronid*
FRAZIER. R- X. ETAS,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
. . -
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
*" Lv. aaa fraaia I ir - *** rr * ac *»
iTk. Da;» S««d»7s 4u{fzffitt\'^^T* **■ **?*
_ 8:3&a fSBSBBBa l:3Or *XO:5Oa
9:5Oa 9:50a \g*aS»»5SW 2:55? 3:55p
lL*:*45y 1;45p 6:3ap "'e:i~ir
'TisCnrily Cw y KH»a«lpiiiteKiIlT»Csy
TICUT 1 850 MABjarr St.,( North Shore Railrocdj
VtiiB ) and Sausauto Fbxxy. Foot Maxkot 8*.
Weekly CauT$r^er~Year8
THE SAN FRANG1SG.OGALL
JOHA* D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor
. ADDRESS XLX. COMMU?tt CATIONS TO.
JOHN McXAUGHT -. :...'..: .Manager
ffcsLlCATIOX OFFICE ...THIRD AND MARKCT. STREETS. SAN FRANCISCO
WEDNESDAY DECEMBER 28, 1904
CONTROL OF TRUSTS.
THERE is really nothing- new in the discovery that some of the
plans submitted by corporation Commissioner Garfield had
been proposed before. The suggestion that, corporations en
gaged in interstate commerce, as the trusts are, should be subjected
to a Federal charter, or franchise, is certainly not new, and there is
"no evidence that the Commissioner intended to disclose it as a dis
covery. The practice of such corporations seeking a New Jersey or
a, West Virginia or Kentucky charter; is no strange thing in the
present condition of the law. The Federal Government can nullify
all such charters by imposing a taxAipon' them, just as the State
banks were extirpated by a Federal tax on their business to make
room for the national banks operating under a Federal franchise.
As the country has undoubtedly reached the beginning of a pol
icy, of Federal regulation and control of interstate commerce in all
its forms, it is well to become familiar with an issue that will enter
largely into the politics of the future. The Supreme Court, in its'
affirmation of the constitutionality of the interstate commerce law,
has deposited ample power with Congress, and the expediency of its
use is demonstrated. The method will be the subject of discussion.
The power of the Federal Government over franchises and charters
haslhe advantages of the possibility of simplicity and oneness. One
State may warrant powers under a franchise that another does not.
There is evidence that the States have competed with each other
in the liberality of these franchise laws, and corporations now seek
charters where the obligation imposed is the lightest and the re
strictions are the least. A Federal charter obsbletes all of this, and
can dictate the conditions of the business which it authorizes. It
can exact a royalty from that- business if it choose, just as it takes
certain taxes out of the national banks in return for {he privileges
which they enjoy. It can do-more than this. It can restore com
petition in trade wherever that element has been destroyed by
'trust . policy.
• • Under the law of California if a transportation . corporation
lower its rates at a given point, to meet or prevent competition, that
•rate cannot be raised again except by consent of the State, granted
through its Railroad Commission. This is a long and suggestive
Step in the processes that now interest the Federal Government.
The President's message has put the whole subject before Congress
ajid the country, and methods are now being thrashed out. It is
.entirely competent for a Federal franchise, to require that when a
trust dealing in the necessaries of life, engaged in interstate com
merce, shall lower its price at a given point to meet or destroy com
petition, it. shall sell at the. same rate wherever it is in the market,
and shall not raise its price anywhere without the consent of pub
lic authority.
■ In all that has been printed about the Standard Oil Company
there threads a tragic element in the history of its destruction of
competition. The power to do this concentrated all the vast profits
of the business in the hands of Mr. Rockefeller/ and gave him con
trol of sums so large that he can easily invade and control the whole
transportation system of the country, or seize any other branch of
business and monopolize it. So it has come to pass that newspaper
readers almost daily learn of the Rockefeller invasion of this or that
line of trade, and there has risen the specter of Rockefeller, the
billionaire, owning all of the enterprises of the country, dictating
their methods and controlling at will the measures of their profits
by his control of prices, grasped by the destruction of competition.
If the franchises under which he operates are outlawed by the Fed
eral Government, to be replaced by Federal charter, in which metes
and bounds are set around the power of his wealth, competition will
spring up everywhere and his absorption of so great a portion of
the country's substance will cease. The profit that he takes now as
an annual accretion of his power and wealth will be divided among
many, and there will come a more natural and, therefore, a more
wholesome commercial condition. - -
'. T.o make such a plan operative even .the Federal franchise is
hot necessary. It is a constitutional feature proper in a statute reg
ulatijig interstate commerce. The power to lower prices at a com
peting.point until competition is destroyed is the same
power now secretly employed by such railroads as give rebates.
The rebate is for the purpose of destroying competition. The ship
per who enjoys rebates will soon have all of the business. The
President has said "Rebates must cease/' That means that as far
as competition has been destroyedby rebates it shall be restored to
life again. If the law compel universality of the price fixed at one
point to destroy competition, the operation of such a system becomes
automatic. The price cannot be lowered secretly. It must be pub
lic in" the nature of things, and every buyer everywhere will have
notice, and can move to enforce the penalty if not permitted the
same privilege in price that is enjoyed at the point of competition.
.'The President's remedy for rebates is legal and not socialistic.
So is the suggested remedy for the monopoly that is produced by
destroying competition. These remedies are conservative of prop
erty. ; Socialism is destruction of property. The two systems arc
submitted to the judgment of the people.' It is a contest between
reason and unreason; between the conservative and destructive!
forces of societv. I
THE GRAND JURY'S WORK.
THE Grand Jury is at work upon the charges of wholesale bood
ling in Chinatown which have been brought -against the Police
Department in general and specifically against several officials
in the city government. The members of the inquisitorial body arc
neithejr' betraying their hand nor allowing one iota of evidence which
rtl^y/nay have gathered to escape and disrupt their plans. The hope
or the people of San Francisco is lodged in this" quasi-judicial tri
bunal, which is expected to be a safeguard for the people's interests,
and is counted upon to act independently and without fear or favor.
The Grand Jury has a hard task set for it. The collection of
hush-money from the gambling-houses of Chinatown is no new fea
ture, of official perquisites; other investigations have been of more
or less avail in the past. Through all the maze of perjury on the
part of the Celestials themselves and of evasion on the' part of
those who are supposed to "pass the sack up higher," there must be
some valiant and strenuous -winnowing of the chaff, if the kernel
of responsibility for the alleged frauds is to be found. It is sincerely
to be hoped that the present Grand Jury may have the persistency
and the moral conviction to push* their investigation to that end, no
matter what shadow of officialdom may fall athwart the course.
Whether the efforts of the Grand Jury avail or not, there re
mains to the honest voters of San Franciscothe comforting reflection
that next fall will bring .with it a chance to change the administra
tion of the city. One way to lessen the number of investigations
and probings into the admistration of the city's business is to make
certain the integrity of that administration. .
IS THE' CZAR INSANE?
*T"* HE information about the mental condition of the Czar, given
I out by Dr. Jordan, is of world-wide interest. The insanity of
' . the young r autocrat would '• account '' for some features of his
reign that have heretofore been mysteries. No reason has been
given out from St. Petersburg for the Czar's violation of the rights
of Finland. Those rights were solemnly guaranteed in perpetuitv
.in 1808, and were safeguarded in the coronation oath of the Czars,
jast as the rights of Scotland are part of the coronation oath of the
sovereigns of Great Britain..
. . The Finns are Scandinavians attached to the Lutheran church,
and were guaranteed a large measure* of self-government when
their- country became a\Russian Grand Duchy. ..The Czar is the
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, WEDNESDAY, .DECEMBER : ; 28, 1904.
CYNICISM IS POSE ASSUMED
AFTER ONE HAS HAD PAIN FUL
ATTACK OF LOVESICKNESS
BY DOROTHY FENIMORE.
WHENEVER I hear a man say-
Ing mean things about wo
mankind without any im
mediate provocation, I always
stop to listen. There -is in the
situation that piquancy j which marks
a fruitless exhibition of bad temper.
Besides, I feel moderately certain that
he has had a painful attack of love
sickness, and is now convalescent, able
to sit ud and take nourishment, but
crosser than the cook is on a rainy
Monday. -•
To look upon yourself— as a represen
tative of your sex— in the eyes of such
a man, is like seeing your distorted
semblance in a convex mirror. You
know it must be you— but, oh, it looks
so funny! Your best points have be
come your worst ones. That smile of
yours, with which you have been wont
to slav your thousands, you now be
hold as a dreadful, demoniac grin.
The experience is a curious one be
cause. In spite, of all the unfavorable
evidence of your sense of sight, you do
not suffer in your own esteem at all,
your faith In self Is not shaken a jj'arti-
SUNNY SIDE OP LIFE
HER IPKA.
Miss Constant — I never loved but
once.
Miss Flirt — You mean the same
man, of course.
TOO BAD. ' ' •
HIx — Huntem has postponed his
Arctic expedition.
Dlx— Why?
Hlx — He's suffering from chills and
fevers. ' ' "£/&%
autocrat of all the Russias, but by solemn treaty he was only Grand
Duke of Finland. The Finns prospered' under self-government.
Their institutions of' learning were' among the best in the world.
Their loyalty to Russia was 1 often manifested. Their scholars and
warriors added luster to the crown of^thcCzar. They, had done
nothing to deserve slavery. But their example of« peace,- prosperity
and-freedom was in great contrast to the condition pi ignorance and
degradation jn Russia proper. ' '■■■■.■■•...:
Without cause, pretext, or provocation the little. Czar violated
his coronation bath, violated the compact, of Borgo, destroyed the
liberty of Finland, its religious* freedom, its system of education, its
free press and the happiness of its people. Where once was a con
tented and prosperous t population now is a forlorn* herd i of slaves.-
Surely it was the act of a* madman, arid is to be accounted* for only
on the theory of the ICzar.'s.. insanity.;.. : : . . ; _ .-^, ■--.: ; ,ju; : ;■■<-.. V.Y
cle. The affair is a: huge joke. The
cynic before you, who plainly Imagines
himself to be his majesty, is in reality
but a royal jester, whose chief distinc
tion from others of the motley Is that
he wears his cap and bells with a "dif
ference. .". " : ; . ; ■'. ' - - • ,..."■" .
Confirmed cynicism invariably is a
pose or a profession. In. the beginning
it undoubtedly was sincere, especially
if love was Its occasion; once it. was a
mood of pain, or of Insulted strength,
which sought to give .back blow for
blow. But afterward— why, afterward
it found Its performance took with the
multitude, and, yielding to a human
weakness, it 'allowed itself to "become
a demagogue; pandering to a general
prejudice for bitterness. ' .
Few men at heart are thorough
cynics about loye.and the high estate of
womanhood, even when, frtfm sheer
perversity or for. personal •aggrandize
ment, they go out of their way to make
the world believe so. In some niche of
their souls there is enshrined* a Lady
of, Holy Love to whom they bow the
knee..
Occasional cynicism is just a grown
up way of '•making believe" for the
sake of an acute sensation. . Most
adults are like children in needing a
gootl cry now and then, and In trying to
pry the flood gates open by an Ima
gined sorrow. In ten cases out of
twelve, when you see a woman weep
ing, you may safely take it for grant
ed that" she . is weeping comfortably.
And cynicism Is : for man what tears
are for a . woman. : Both are means
which nature has provided to satisfy
a crying need.
The healthy attitude toward love has,
of course, a grain or two of cynicism
In It. Any man who stands firm on
his own feet laughs " at the pretty,
plausible 'lies which sentimental sages
offer to him daintily upon a gilded
salver. A flne ; boy"s attitude toward
love i% similar. 'He knows that he is
"soft"- ' when-,, he . : gets "dead stuck" on
a glrl^and;, liter, if disillusioned, he'is
honest enough, to confess without put
ting on airsr-tbat he la "soured."
This Is -the attitude of a philosopher
who mentally takes note of a mirror's
silvered back • when gazing upon its
shining face. This was , the cynicism
of that Maine school boy who, after
reading In the Aeneid of the Carthn . -
nlan queen's. futile death upon the fu
neral pyre; wrote on a slip of paper
for the delectation of the girls:
"Pass It On.
"Dido was a Fool. How'd she know
but Aeneeus would beBlowed back by
the first wind." . . ■ .
A SURE SIGN.
? * ■
Miss Bunkerhill — Do you think you
will ever attain literary fame?
Prosey— I certain'v do; the book re
viewers have begun to accuse me of
plagiarism! . .
SUCH A SURPRISE!- '
Mrs. .'Rastus Johnsing— What did
yo* say when Mr. Stingey ; gave yo'
dat ten dollars at. Christmas?
'Rastus— Nuffin'. I jes' fainted. .
HIS HOLLY
STAR
By Izoja Forrester.
DAXTON bent forward from his
.Roman chair ; behind ; the .palm .to
I;' "see the grirl who "was singing. :
"Somethlngr new?" asked Rod
dy ■flippantly. 'v ; ' -.
! "Shut up,"- said Paxton. "I want to
hear her.".
So j did others^ A- perceptible si
lence had. fallen* over % ..Mrs. Dunder
dale's . drawing-rooms from the mo
ment when • Scalli had finished his
crashing prelude and' the' first slow,
richly vibrating notes of tha singer
bad floated through the rooms.
; She was young, a tall, slender fig
ure 5 in black silk crepe, standing' by
Scalli's elbow, her face raised slightly
"I hoard • you '. sing,*' he said.
as she sang, her eyes looking
and beyond the crowd of faces around
her, to where the Christmas. evergreen
and smilnx framed the great stained
glass window in the hall. ,
"Wonder .where Mrs. Dunderdale
picked her up?" asked Roddy when
It, was over and the girl had disap
peared.
"How should I know?" retorted
Paxton savagely. "It's bad enough,
the mere fact that she Is here, sing-
Ing in Mrs. Dunderdale's house like
this before a crowd like this, Christ
mas eve." . ; t . ... •
• I don't know," commented
Roddy mildly, taking a survey of the
crowd through his eyeglasses. "Pretty
jolly, swell crowd, I think. Probably
the .little girl's , mighty glad to be
singing for it. and raking In a small
dab of. the Dunderdale ready cas^h on
her own account, what?" • ,
. Paxton did not stop to answer. Mrs.
Dunderdale was standing under the
holly, star that'dangled from the arcli
way between the two. drawing-rooms,
talking to old Wyman. She smiled
when Paxton came up, and gave him
her hand.
"So you did come, after all? And
late as usual." .... ••
The old general rambled away
toward the nearest tea table, and. they
were alone under the holly star.
"How did Viola Arnold come here?"
Mrs. Dunderdale's eyebrows lifted
prettily: as . she laughed. A woman
may still be pretty and charming at
fifty-two, when she is a study In soft
grays and delicate pinks, with brown
eyes.
"Now please don't scold me here,
pp.xton," she said soothingly. "You
always were a fussy sort of a boy.
Isn't she a dear? Come over here in
the. smilax bower and I'll tell you a
little about her." Not all. though; just
enough so that you won't look at
me as* if I had been stealing candy
from a baby. Do you know- her?
"Know. her? Of course I know her,"
cried Paxton. "And the . last time I
saw her; was in July in her father's
palace in Florence, the old Cellini
palace, it. is. She sang then, too, but
it was to please us. her guests. And
old Scalli. yonder was one of Arnold's
beggar geniuses, living on his bounty.
I want to know what his daughter Is
doing here like this?"
"Like this?" Mrs. Dunderdale shook
her head at him' reproachfully, "Pres
' ton. that lovely child came to me only
; two weeks ago almost penniless. You
i know what Bruce Arnold was. He
i lived up. to every cent of his income,
! and ran a little beyond it. Last Au
gust * he died suddenly. Didn't you
hear of it?"
. "I came back home by way of
Japan and stayed on in Tokio a little
' while." said Paxton. "I haven't heard
a word of it." '
• "Well, that's all. You can imagine
/the rest. .There are no relatives, no
one at all for her to- go to; and the
old • palace : was robbed,. literally rob
bed of ill her father's possessions by
his 'jTeditors. ■ She hasn't, any, income
at all. The Scallis brought her over
; here, with. them. . . The signor had a
| bit of money from some accommo
dating deceased relative, and she lives
j with them" in some impossible flat up
; in East.. Harlem — you know, that part
i —where you can see the - gas works
j from your front v/lndows and hear the
j boat" .-on. the river, and they hang
their' bedding out on , the fire escapes.
Oh, my dear, it is terrible for her! but
Scalli is teaching her. . She. is a mar-
I vel, he saya. It will be' years, of
j course; she- is : only 19- now; but he
! swears- she will' be all he hopes for
I some' day, and with fame -there Iwlll
be wealth, of course.. But in the mean
time I-shall have her sing : and ; see
that .-she- has- other, engagements,
and—" ' ' .
i "Where can I see her. now?" '-.'
'.-"But you can't," said -Mrs. •Dunder
dale calmly., "It wouldn't .do' at all,
Paxton.' "The sJgnor says she . is an
artiste now. and must see no one.".
1 - "Mrs. Dunderdale"— Pax ton's face
■ was white • and his, tone . desperate—
"I love her,, to death; .we quarreled
\ like a couole of children -that last
night in Florence. That's why I came
; back by way, of Japan, to try and for-
; get/v-. ...;■. '..., \ ./•; ; ; ; . .... - ;
I Mrs. Dunderdale- laid • her hand
lightly on his ayn. ;
I : . "Paxton, -my ; dear. I you •■-will ..find
*THE SMART SET*
BY SALLY SHARP.
. TheVohlo will shortly leave these wa
ters for a cruise toward the south.
Lately the officers have been gallantly
extending hospitality, aboard ship. A
few j days ago, several young people
were * served with tea and a happy
afternoon soon passed. Miss Dorothy
Dustan, Miss Jessie Moore. Miss 'Jones.
Miss Ert-E, Lieutenant Rockwell and
Lieutenant Cox were among the num
ber. .•
• • : •
Prince Fushlml entertained at
luncheon yesterday in honor of the
Japanese Consul, KIsaburo Uyena. The
St. Francis was the scene of the af
fair, and covers were laid for a dozen
guests. x ...
• • •
Frances, the petite maid of the John
Sroufe Merrill household, will play
hostess to-day to all her little friends
and a very merry time is In store for
the small folks.
• • •
Mrs. George Pinkard will entertain
at tea this afternoon in the Palm Gar
den of the Palace.
■« Miss Jeannette Hooper, who was to
have given a lunch to-day in honor of
Miss Florence Starr, has postponed the
affair until January 5.
Mme. Caro Roma will entertain on
Thursday evening, bringing together
several - of our artists, singers and
writers.
Miss Isabel Glennon of Mare Island
is spending a few days in town, the
guest of Miss Glennon on Vallejo street.
! "Charles G. Lamberson of Visalia an
nounces' the marriage of his daughter.
Queen, to Frederick- Edwin Talmage.
The groom Is a graduate of 1903 from
the University of California and is pri
vate secretary to Kendrlck C. Babcpck,
president of the Arizona State Univer
sity, who is also a graduate of our
State university.
•Mis* Josephine Tillman returned
last Thursday from an absence of a
year and a half in Europe. Her trav
els and entertainment were of the
most interesting character and. still
Miss Tillman • became a victim of
NAN PATTERSON'S POEM.
To while" away the hours of her en
forced leisure In the Tombs, Nan Pat
terson has begun to "drop into
poetry." Her first effusion Is a lyric
or' three stanzas and runs as follows:
Life's brightest hope. Its sweetest
. .peace,
Is ours. Can we forget
And mend the broken sorrows past.
Whose memories spell regret?
The fairest rose conceals a thorn;
And after pleasure, pain;
MUCH THE SAME THING.
"Well, ho, here!" ejaculated honest
Farmer Bentbacker in the midst of
his reading. "Here Is. an Item which
says that there are many strange crea
tures in the 200."
"What does it mean by the 200?"
inquired his wife.
. "Now, that's what puzzles me; but I
guess it's anew division of the old 400,
prob'ly half of 'em that think they
are better than the other half." Still,
it's sorter rough to refer to 'em as —
but shucks! I read it wrong; the
print is kinder dim— it says 'zoo'
instead of *200.' Oh. well, lookin* at
it in some ways, I d'know as I made
such an enormous mistake in the first
place, after all." — Puck.
ALCOHOL AND AIM.
The Broad Arrow says that to test
the effect of alcohol upon marksman
ship a whole Swiss battalion has been
practiced: - _
1— After total abstinence."
-' 2 — After drinking the -previous even
ing. r
3 — After drinking the same day — In
moderation.
4— After a heavy bout of drinking
on the day of practice.
The result has been told to . prove
stimulants good for short distances
and harmful for long ranges. .
her in the little music-room across
the hall. You had better go and wish
her a merry Christmas." .
It was very quiet across the hall.
Paxton passed through the library
and the smoking den and hesitated at
the half-open door of the music-room.
She was alone, standing at the old
Japanese music rack In the corner.
The pale yellow light from the cluster
of opalescent electric bulbs above her
head shone softly on her dark hair,
where the • red and green of a holly
sprig showed.
As the door opened she raised her
head.
"I found the quaintest old carol. Slg
nor,. 'The Holy Star/ Mrs. Dunderale
sent me to look for it. She called me
that to-night, her holly star— Paxton!"
Paxton closed the door behind him.
He wished ehe would not look so white
and scared and altogether frightened.
It had been his fault, that night back
in -Florence, when she had looked at
him like that, and had w told him to go
away and leave her forever.
"I heard you sing," he said. "Mrs.
Dunderdale told me after you were
here."
"Why did you come after me?"
"I should never have gone away," an
swered Paxton unsteadily. "It was all
my fault. Won't you say 'Merry Christ
mas, sweetheart?' ".
The door opened softly arid Signor
ScalU's bushy* bead was inserted In
quiringly.' After one look. at the two
figures it was withdrawn and the door
closed noiselessly.
"Madam." he told Mrs. Dunderdale
a minute later,; as he wished her good
night, "I must cancel those dates
ahead. I fear. The operatic career or
the Signorina Viola is all verra mucha
gone! to smash. She > Is wishing the
young Paxton 'merry Christmas' with
a. kiss.'" (Copyrighted, 1904, by Izola
Forrester.) —.'...
homesickness and returned much
sooner than she originally Intended.
In Rome her life was most gay, tha
army people feting her widely, whil%
in Paris and Vienna Miss Tillman was
delightfully entertained. Her brother,
Dr. Tilden Tillman, remains In Vienna
to pursue his medical studies. Miss
Tillman is the picture of health and
returns more attractive than ever.
Miss Dorothy Dunstan was hostess
at supper for a dozen of her friends
on Monday evening at her home. Pa
cific avenue and Baker street. Tha
house, with its Christmas greens and
berries, still bore the tinge of holiday
atmosphere and added brightness to
the happy party. Those who were bid
den to enjoy the evening were Miss
Ethel Shorb. Miss Elsa Draper, Miss
Dorothy Draper, Lieutenant Rockwell.
Lieutenant Anderson, Lieutenant Cox,
Lieutenant Pratt. Herbert Jones, Her
bert Shorb and J. W. Hayward.
F. W. Dohrmann was host at a
luncheon yesterday given to the board
of regents,' University of California, at
the ,St. Francis. Among the guests
were President Benjamin Ide Wheel
er; C. E. Snook, attorney for th«
board: V. H. Henderson, secretary;
Charles S. Wheeler, James A. Way
mire. C. W. Slack. Garret McEner
ney, A. W. Foster, J. A. Brltton, R..J.
Taussig.
• ■ v . • •
Mr. and Mrs. Walter Byron Web
ter have returned from a two weeks'
visit to Salt Lake City.
The Assembly dance la*t evening
was preceded by & few dinner parties,
after which the hosts, hostesses and
guests attended the allurements of the
ballroom. Mr. and Mrs. George Fife
and Miss Beatrice Fife were among
the entertainers.* their guests being
Miss Maye Colburn. Miss Alice Borel,
Miss Sophie Borel. Miss Jeanetts De*l.
Miss Edlthe Mulr, Philip * Faschel.
Frederick Woods, Dr. Shortxidge.
Gaston Roussey, Harold Shelton.
Miss Ruth Gedney of San Rafael is
spending the holidays In Santa. Rosa
with Dr. and Mrs. Finlaw.
Unhappy some, and some forlorn.
Yet life is not in vain.
The cross is heavy and hard to bear.
And narrow the way and straight.
True life is ever sacrifice —
Don't learn the lesson too late.
Nan Patterson Indulges in poetry,
however, only for recreation. She Is
busily talcing notes of her prison ex
periences, and, expects to write a book
about them. — Xew York Sun.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
BROWXLEY'S BOOKS— G. S..
Hornitos. Cal. Any book dealer can
secure for you the books yon desire.
CENSUS— A. C. R., Vall«jo. Cal.
No official census of the city of San
Francisco has been taken since the
one ia-1900.
AMADOR — W., Alameda. Cal. This
correspondent wants to know the lo
cation of a duck-shooting station in
California known as Amador.
STEAMSHIPS — C. A. R.. City. In
Lloyds and In the Record of American
and Foreign Shipping you will find a
complete list of the steamships of the
world.
CARTRIDGES— T. S-, Martinez.
Cal. Winchester cartridges 23-35
carry about 24 grains less than tha
30-30 cartridge. The exact amount
varies with the quality of powder.
TWO CHORUSES— X. Y. Z.. City.
The chorus of "My Maryland" Is:
And b» the buttle que«a of yor».
My Maryland, my Maryland.
The chorus of "The Old Polka at
Home" Is:
All the world am sad and 4r«*jy
Ex-cry whore I roam.
Oh. darkies, how my heart nowi w«arr
Far from the old folks at hom».
SOLD FOR TAXES— Subscriber,
City. In the matter of certificate of
redemption issued on the payment of
amount due to redeem property sold to
the State for the non-payment of taxes
the law of California says: "Receipt
of the County Treasurer, Controller and
Auditor may be recorded in the office
of the Recorder of the county in which
said real estate la situated In the book
of deeds and the record thereof shall
have the same effect as that of a deed
of reconveyance of the interest con
veyed by such deed or sale."
RUNS ' IN CRIBBAGE— Subscriber.
Sacramento. Cal. A sequence or run In
crlbbage consists of three or more
cards following In successive numbers,
whether of the same suit .or otherwise.
He who holds them scores one point lor
every card in the combination, whether
It takes' place in playing or in counting
the hand or crib- But there cannot be
a sequence under three cards. As in
certain other cases the court' cards,
king, queen and knave, rank \h se
quence after their usual classification
as to rank, and .not all alike as tenth
cards. To form a sequence In play it
matters not which of the cards is
played first or last, provided the se
quence can be produced by a transposi
tion of the order in which they fell.
If A plays 9. B 2. O 5, D 3 and A 4. A
i3 entitled to a run of four acd if after
ward B docs not play but C plays a 5
C can claim a run of tnree. He can
not claim a run of four because the
first 5 played by C is an intervening
card. In this game A claims on 2, 2,
4. 5 and C on 3,. 4, 6.' ■'•/
Time to send Town»end'« Cal. b1*c«
fruits for New Year"* presents. 715 Mkt*
Townsend'g California Glace fruits la
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market tt
and Wakelee's Drug Store. •
Special Information supplied dally t»
business, houses "and public men by th»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 30 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 104J. •BIG GATHERING
OF DRUMMERS
Pacific Coast Travelers'
■•^spciation Holds Its
: Begjalar Annual Meeting
N£TC OFFICERS ELECTED
W. W. Knickerbocker Suc
ceeds a L. Wallace as Pres
ident of the Fraternity
: Tixs taciflc ■ Coast Commercial
Sravj?le.rs' Association held its an
naai meeting at Elks' Hall yesterday.
•Tire' attendance was remarkable for an
."r«ra,nization of men whose duties
keep- them "always on the move."
Afequt 125 were present out of a to
taj membership of 700. ...
"['.The' following officers -were elected
lojc-.the ensuing year: "W. W. Knlck
ecbockeri president; A. C. Bolde
.tnanh, first vice president; H. L.
Judell. second vice president; M.
iloeipy Wood, secretary; and B. B.
Gallandi treasurer. The vote for each
was - unanimous. The balloting for
directors was spirited. The following
were elected: O. S. Henderson. J. A.
Enguest. O. C Shaw. C. L. Wallace,
\V. T. Peterson and D. E. Eagan.
One of the principal subjects taken
•op by the body was that of late trains,
the bane of the commercial traveler's
life. It was voted that an effort b«
made to. secure legislation compelling
the railroad companies to bulletin
trains that are over half an hour late.
A beautiful gold watch was pre^
tented to C. L. Wallace, the retiring
president. R. H. Davis, editor of the
.Pacific SJoast Commercial Travelers'
Official Bulletin, made the presenta
tion Speech. A hearty vote of thanks
•rag. Kfoea to Davis for the work h«
has done for the association. The
rriembers are justly proud of this
year's 'handsome Bulletin.
The organization enjoyed a ban
quet at'the Occidental Hotel after the
meeting- was adjourned.
ENGAGEMENT TO MARUY
OOXTIXGKNT OX DIVORCE
Mrs. Guion ricks Second Husband
Before Free From First — Army
' Veterinarian Gets Decree.
Judge Kerripan yesterday heard
evidence, on both sides in the divorce
case of ' L. II. Guion against Rose
Guion. -whom he charges with in
fidelity. The hearing will be resumed
to-morrow. Some of the details were
related before the two children of the
couple. Guion is the man who, when
Frying for an opportunity to find his
wife in company with her suspected
companion, fell through the skylight
and discharged a revolver while the
woman -and the man were fleeing in
scanty attire. On the stand Mrs. Guion
denied any wrongdoing, but said that
William Jones \isited her at her home
and was kind to her. She said her
husband had deserted her and she
had promised to marry Jones when
?he obtained a divorce.
Samuel Glasson Jr., a veterinarian
for the United States army at the Pre
sidio, yesterday in Judge Graham's
court secured a divorce from his wife
Mattle on the ground TJf desertion."
GLasson's father, Samuel Glasson, is
a veterinarian with the Xinth Cavalry
■with a rank of captain. Judge Kerri
jran granted a divorce to Jennie Er
cale from Bernard Erdale for deser
tion and denied the suit of James E.
Rcok from Mary E. Rook because the
evidence of the alleged desertion was
insufficient.
A suit 'for "divorce was begun by
Mary J. Wilson against George F. Wil
5on. who owns a printing plant at 405
Front ,. -street. They were married in
February of last year and he deserted
her in May. She says he has allowed
her -only S3 a week for the support of
herself, and babv.
Rajieher Plays in Hard Luck.
..JTr&jjk" de Santi, a rancher on Elght
.4HS£tJ},£vtMtne south, had a revolver in
.his: . trousers pocket and about 2
c>i.ocJc/ .yesterday morning at Twenty
r.i>.th -arid- Mission streets it was ac
.•cBfiOltHy- discharged. The bullet en
\t<*>ed.his feft leg above the knee and
rr.ade : :an" exit close to his ankle. He
r;S"s taken to the City and County
Hospital^ f or treatment and Policemen
•:vCxhepey and Davey entered a charge
■"if carrying a concealed weapon
egftlnst him on the City Prison regis
ter. • - ■ ;• -.V -..V
_^_ '
: ri-New Year's 0
■■ ■' . \- v\ \
J . • • I
•-:• .1 ■ ".From a stock of. un-. .
• ..'._ . I ! usual merit we offer
'■:•■•■ a selection to suit
; jV • the .most critical
■.••:••■ taste.
/ ' 'THE XAME.BOHM-
■ ; \ BRISTOL CO.,
'• * --ST.A NDS AS A
. . ' . GUARANTEE O P
S A T I S F A CTION
.• - JX QUALITY AND
.PRICE. :::::::
iBphm-Bristol Co.
j ■ . Jewelers and *
ft ' Silver$mit<li$ I
Lyj 104-110 Geary Street. l/\
i6S7woMEN
?0XH CErfTUBT SYRINGE, SU.OO-
• • . Patented March 8, l»oi. •
The -l&esult of *0 Years' Experience.
' "1 is cew. eimp'.e, t f Sctent and beneficial.
. a*or.er refunded Jf not pleased. Send «tam]>
■■r j.impbjet. Show the pamphlet to your
r ~--rslst «.nd tell him to get It for you. Fbr
KIRKTVOOD RUBBER CO^ 305 Larkln sL
Be • . rrancl*co. Cal.
UDWU* 'JOJ. Drnrrltt, corn«r Kearnr and
liMsrpja sta.
JS&h.J** ALKENS OXTGEN INSTI-
-v-^£,-.-815 Van Ness eve., near Ellis.
• • . (Cut thla oot.)
Prescriptions 34,406 and 7.
CTJAliA»TEEI> CURE TOB XEff.
*ARamsss IK JECTIO2T. Cures ordinary
<<**«« in - a few days. Warranted to cure
»T. r «L. casea - HO OTKEB TBEATXm
«*QTriKEZ>. Prevents and Cures Strlc-
,h5* s - WEVXarrs COWTAGIOW. Hann-
J2.00 tor both bottles. For sale only
1l> neu/r'a phabmact, 102 Eddy.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary*
629 KEABJTT ST. Established
in 1*34 tor ttie treatment of frirkt*
Dlw^w«». Lost Man bood. Debtlltyor
-liw-jas* meaner on body and mind and
Skin DlsfAaes. Th« Doctor cores when
otb«rs fall. Try him. rThanres low.
< ure» rt»*r«nj«'**. Cuilorwrli*.
™» *• aV. CIIBBOX, taa fYaodsco. Cat
PRINCE FUSHIMI HONORED
AT BANQUET BOARD.
■ ■ ■ * -■ /
■ . • - . ■» . ■ ■
Is Guest at Dinner Tendered by R. P. Schwerin
MEMBER OF THE IMPERIAL. HOUSEHOLD; OF THE ISLAND EMPIRE OF THE FAR EAST. WHO WAS THE GUEST OF
HONOR AT A DINNER TENDERED LAST EVENING IN THE RED ROOM OF THE -PACIFIC -UNION CLUB BY R. P.
„:__;_ ECHWERIN. ,. ' :♦ ■ •- -•■•■-.- . ■ >•; . ;:■.;'■■■<
* Last evening His [ Imperial! Highness
Prince Fushimi of Japan again partook
of the hospitality, .of. the West. He was
the guest of honor at a dinner at the
Pacific Union Club tendered by ft. P.
Schwerln. and so skillfully was the af
fair carried out that the distinguished
visitor had little opportunity to- regret
his Inability to speak the English
tongue. The toasts were short and
there were few of them; the hours not
pleasantly occupied in discussing the
elaborate menu were filled In with mu
sic and vaudeville. "With rare tact the
Prince was royally entertained and ap
parently appreciated the feeling of good
will toward his country that was mani
fest on every hand. ' : .
The dinner was given in the red
room of the club. The decorations were
beautiful and in keeping with the.na
tionality of the guest of honor, at the
same time befitting the spirit of the
season honored by all Christendom. The
color scheme was red. Red Japanese
lanterns, festooned with evergreens,
shed a soft light over the tables, which
were burdened with flaming poirisettias
and Christmas berries. In the center
of the main table was a dwarfed oak,
characteristic of Jsippon, that sparkled
with mimic snow. Around the . walls
Christmas trees were arranged to com
plete the decorative scheme that well
served its purpose — to knit the artistic
and festal sentiments of the two lands
that were Joined in friendship at the
board. V* '•>:."' s\'r^ 7
TOASTS ARE DRUXK.
Prince Fushimi was accompanied by
members of his suite. Shortly after'his
arrival at the club the host called his
guests to the banquet laoard. Prince
Fushimi was seated at Mr. Schwerin's
right and General MacArthur at his
left. An hour or two passed before the
cigars were passed around and then
Mr. Schwerin spoke of the pleasure it
gave him to add in a measure tc/ the
entertainment of the country's distin
guished visitor.
Prince Fushimi, through- his in
terpreter, then ottered a toast to the
President c-f the United States, which
was drank amid cries of "bravo."
Mr. Schwerin then called upon Gen
erar MacArthur to offer a toast to the
Emperor of Japan. Rising from his
seat General MacArthur said: ,
••Gentlemen, I ask you to join me in
a toast to the health of his Imperial,
Majesty, the Emperor of Japan." This
toast was heartily greeted and then Mr.
Schwerin said:
"Fifty years ago. In 1855, the United
States' of < America extended the hand
of good fellowship to Japan. Let us
hope that the grasp of good fellowship
Commodore Perry extended to Japan
will always be extended by America
and that the happy relations existing,
between these countries shall always'
continue. And with this sentiment in
mind I now ask you to join me in a
toast to our guest, a member of the
imperial household of Japan, Prince
•Fushimi."
VAUDEVILLE ENTERTAINS.
The toast .was. drunk and Mr.
Schwerin'B words calling for all to Join
him in It were enthusiastically applaud-
A dream of pleasure, the new two. for
quarter size American. X2 75 box 3>. *
. . ADVERTISEMENTS.-
GASTORI A
For. Infants and .Children.
The Kind You Hare Always Bought;
Bears tlw /T S/tfF'j /*- •
.Signature of t*ut&fi£ f&Z&fitAt
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,., WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 28, 1904.
'ed. . A toast to the health of the host
was then proposed' by Consul Uyerio.
This 'was drunk and then the vaude
ville was on. The orchestra that had
rendered selections during the discus
sion of the menu was called upcm to
accompany the artists that had been
secured to enteVtain the banqueters.
Upon the boards of a stage at the
north end of the red room the enter
tainers held forth for an hour, . and
though there were songs and Instru
mental selections that would win ap
plause on any stage, it was the mov
ing pictures that pleased the imperial
guest the. most. A picture of the Em
peror of Japan was first thrown on the
screen; then a picture of President
Roosevelt. These were warmly applaud
ed, but the one that was greeted with
the : most spontaneous outburst was
that of the martyred McKlnley.
Other pictures were shown, another
sonpr was sung and then the banqueters
engaged in an informal discussion until
the guest of honor, accompanied by
the members of his suite, departed. Mr.
Schwerin's dinner is the last function
Prince Fushimi will enjoy on this visit
to the United States, for he sails to
day for his home on . the steamship
Mongolia, and. It Is said, by members
of his suite, carrying with him naught
but pleasant recollections.
LIST OF BANQUETERS.
Following is the list of? those that at
tended the dinner:
It. P. Schwerln, A. Sato, Rear Admiral Mc-
GAY FUNCTION
OF CALIFORNIA
CLUB MEMBERS
BY LAURA BRIDE POWERS.
That was a gay affair — for some — that
given by the California Club
yesterday at Pioneer Hall, and pleas
ant for all, even for the four lone men
present— the sweet singers from Alo
ha-land.
Assuredly the heroic woman who
sought to seat 175 fellow club women
of divergent political and social faiths
amicably— aye, even happily— verily, I
say unto you, she ,1s a wonder! And
when she succeeds, as did TArs: A. W.
Scott, she has proven herself a diplo
mat and a symbol of mystic wisdom.
The luncheon was served in the ban
quet hall of the Pioneer building, .where
a flr forest had sprung up in a single
night. Woodwardla lent its sweet
graces and toyon berries their glow.
The table whereat the founders of
the club were seated was further
graced with broad bands of scarlet rib
bon, while the board of . the president
of the State Federation, Mrs. George
Law Smith, was graced with ferns and
berries. The other tables bore pretty
red name cards and sprays of berries.*
Assuredly was it a Yuletide function.
'Twas given out that all set toasts
were taboo. So they were, and t'was
noised, about that, nobody was .sad
dened by .the dearth\ The only speech
was one of welcome by the president,-
Mrs. Aylett R. Cotton, which . was
short, reminiscent and congratulatory.
Music there- was in plenty— those
sweet, soul-haunting melodies of the
Hawaiians. Two clever monologues by
.a clever little"; maid, Miss Irish, were
well received,, as was a pithy satire on
the club, written by Dr. Dorothea
Moore and given by Miss Merle Mad
dern. This pretty maid gives promise
of a clever dramatic career, practicing
•well, for one so young, -the divine- art
of repression. 4 .
Many stunningly gowned ' "women
were present, among whom were Mrs.
Thomas : Morffew; "Mrs. 'A;\W.\ Scott,
Mrs. Fishbeck, Mrs. George ' Law
Smith/Mme. Emelia Tojetti, Mrs/Rich^'
Calha, MajprM.Whai?j." Associate,- Justice Mc-
Karland. .Dr^V, Kokkaku.'iMfe.'/Iayldr, J. D.
F:>reckels." I .E».r'W. Hopkins, ";W.*,<3.""i7rtirln, H.
Oelrich-j--J. D. "HarVey, Walter • Martin, E.
Ulienthan- W.'.F. Herrin, J. CY KJrkpatrfck,
Homer S. King,., A. Aj.,WkkJnK QsW,, Hqw
ard, General Lvt Foot?, > Colonel G. : iW. ■ Mac
farlane, C, E. AVcn^en' H. C."' Breeden, I.
Heliman Jr.. C. C. Moore. J. I. Sabln.,~F. B.
Anderson, E. It. Dlmond. W. SproUIe. - M. F.
Michael. W. II. Crocker, Major Rathbone. C.
S. Fee, Warren Clark, J. J. Moore, Robert
Forsyth.. H..W. Elllpott, E. M. Greenway, R.
H. Swayne, C. M. Goodall, R. H. Pease, F.
W. Van Slcklen, E. J. D* Pue, J. C. Copman,
11. T. Scott, William "JRabcock. A. H. Payson,
Fred Kohl, F. 8. Moody.' J. D. Grant, An
drew CarrlKan, Judge's-Kerrigan, F. S. Strat
ton. ' Mr. Watanabe; '-'M.* H. de Tounjt, K.
Vyeno. Chief Jus-tic? Heatty, Count Terashi
ma. Major Gewfral- MacArthur, K. Ito, K.
Tosawa. T. Mikliyoto and -Prince Fushiml.
Coni|>Hjiicrits*'Tiv6li Managers.
W. H. Leahy, the business manager,
and C. W. Striae,"" associate manager
of the Tivolf Opera-house!' 'Vere in
vited yesterday, by; Prince'* .Fushimi to
a special/ audience,; ; at . .which. 1 they
were each; presented ,with. a, superb
cigarette caser'and/match'.DOx,- wrought
of gold and silver and. of the most ex
quisite J Japahe'se -design.^' '■.' • '•' ,
J, \Vanatobe, the minister^ of cere
monies, to vhis 'majesty the v 'Mikado,
acted as interpreter. | He said 1 the
Prince wished: to express his delight
at. the performances of "The Messen
ger Boy" and" "King. Dodo," and the
presentation was in.frecognition of the
keen enjoyment he experienced in
witnessing those operas.
ard E. Mulcahy, Mrs. William A.vHaJ
sted, Mrs. A. V. .Brown, Mrs. Richard
I. Whelan, Mrs. J. L. Martel; Mrs. Cal
ifornia Newton, Dr. Dorothea Moore,
Miss Idella C. Emmons, Mrs. E. J.
Foster, Mrs. Louis Hertz, Mrs. D. A.
Hodghead, Mrs. W. S. Leake, Mrs.
Washington Irving' Marion, Mrs. James
O, Orr, Mrs.'Ehiil Pohli, Mrs. Edward
Xavier Rolker, Mrp. Henry P. Tricou
and many others, whom a treacherous
memory recalletrujibt. '';.'•.
Verily are these', club breakfasts
pleasantV: affairs; even though/*': the
draughts" be ice>'water— a beverage that
really seems. to. generate clever tales—
in spite of the : ' .traditional* values of
good old wine.- Yj- ./•■'■ ./.'/». V<* !
j_ ADVERTISEMENTS. ____ ;./.
te J|^>w Vegetable Soup. fl
\^ >Cll) r ,H&i Materials: — onions, three /HaL
— r 7^BJ N \ carrots, two turnips, head celery, Ljyi
>~V^|^i-T*^ parsley, salt, pepper, three table- *frrcajJ5
»*^-»»c»"""7^~y|7TJag^C spoonfuls butter, two tablespoon-
Lea & Perrins' 1
Sauce
THE ORIGINAL WORCESTERSHIRE
' Seasoning: — As indicative of the dishes which follow, a soup should
be perfect in consistence and seasoning. The anxious
t . , - • cook need not fear criticism if to the soup in , the
tureen she adds two tablespoonfuls of Lea <& Penins*
Sauce.
1 "- '" •";•'•: ¦"'.¦'¦"'¦ JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS, Agents, NEW YORK.
CONFER DEGREES
ON CANDIDATES
Eegents of University Meet
at Art Institute and Re
ward Several Graduates
LEGISLATION DISCUSSED
3Iembers of Board Consider
Seeded Appropriations at
Luncheon at St. Francis
A few days of relaxation and then the
real battle of life will begin for a large
class that completed various, courses at
the University otf California- at the close
of the last terin.\ : A .quorum of the
regents of the university met yesterday
at noon at the £lark Hopkins Institute
of Art to confer degrees upon the can
didates that had been recommended by
the several' departments. There were
present to participate in this important
office Regents Taussig; Wheeler, Brit
ton, Budd, Dohrmann, Foster, Heliman,
McEnerney, Slack and. Waymire and
President Benjaimin Ide Wheeler, j /
President Wheeler read to the board
the recommendations of the- colleges
and upon such, recommendations* the
board voted degrees as follows:' r
Higher degrees (Ph.D.. . college of natural
sciences) — Ralph Hamilton Curtlss (astronomy,
mathematics, ■ physics), Berkeley, B. -S., 1901.
Thesis: I. A method of measurement and-re
duction of spectrograms for the determination
of radial velocities. II. Application to a study
of the variable star W SaKittaril.
eharles Gardner' Rogers (physiology, zoology,
chemistry). Berkeley, A. B. 18i»7 and .11. A.
1S9*J (Syracuse University). Thesis: The effect
of various salts upon the survival of the. in
vertebrate heart. • - . • ■
M. A., college of letters — Alexander Morris,
Kfcrlich (Romanic languages). San Franci3eo,
Bacheller es Lettres (University of Paris) 190J.
Thesis: A study of the Anglo-Normah dialect
In the twelfth, thirteenth and fourteenth cen
turies.
Arnold Morris Ehrllch (Romanic languages).
San Francisco, Bachelier es Lettres (University
of Paris) WOO; A. B. 19W. Thesis: Th<*
satirical genius of Rabelala. ■ ' '" "" "
Bachelor degrees (A. B., college of letters) —
Carolyn Marian Barr (Latin, German), Berke
ley; Xellle Estelle Burke. (Latin), Pomona;
Bvelyn Gertrude . Davidson (Latin, Greek)..
Berkeley; Marion Burgess Dlttenhoefer (Eng
lish, Latin). San Francisco; Eva E. Johnston
(English, German), Santa Ana; Otto Lawrencs
Luther (German, Latin)^ Berkeley. A. B. (Unl
.veralty of Illinois), 1902; Susan Ruth Millard
(Greek, German), Redlands; Bert Jasper Mor
ris (Semitic, English). Berkeley, A. B. (Kansas
Wesleyan University), 1003; Helen Aralia
Staples (history), Berkeley; Stella Marie. Wie
lar.d (Latin, Greek), Alameda.
-. B. L., College of Social Sciences — Annette-
Grace Abbott (economics. Jurisprudence), Prati
vllle; Mary Wilson Baird (Latin, English).
Fresno; Alice Mary Bantz (history). Riverside;
Louise Bertha Baur (English), Esparto; Joeeph
Wheeler Dores Blngaman (history, English),
Soledad; Agnes Howard Boston (English,
French), Santa Cruz; Anna Laura Bowles
(Latin German), Walla Walla. Wash.; Dora
Cecilia^ Burgess (English, history), Tacoma,
Wash.; Pearl Helene Burk (history'), Santa
Rosa; Myrtle Genevleve Cromwell (English,
history), Oakland; John Sebastian Dauser (Ger
man, philosophy), Berkeley; Clara Gcrtruoe
Davis (history). Los Angeles; Mabel Lillian
Dow (history), San Francisco; Isabel Evans,
(English), San Francisco; Paula Fisher (Latin.
English). Santa Cruz; Mildred Fuller Foster
(history, English), Berkeley; Elizabeth Freese
(Latin. Spanish), Coronado; Mary Irene Fur
long (Latin), Berkeley; Isa Belle Henderson,
(history, English), Oakland; Ida Helen Juil
lerat (English, French), Oakland: Carolyn Leete
(English, French), Santa Baibara; Evelyn Max
well (Latin, English). San Francisco; Anna
Cora Mooro (German, Latin). Long Beach: Mar
garet Elna More , (history), Santa Maria;
Esther Morrison (hMtor/)j Ayin^erj: JJertrude
Luclle Mosher (English)/vjftflta; Tiofesa Irene
Mulligan (English, Latin), Selma; Olivia. Ethel
Newman (history), Los Angeles; Emma. Jane
Paterson (French, Spanish). Cambria; Pearl
Florence Pitcher (English. French). San Fran
"clsfco; Dora Elsa Plagemann (German), ' San
Francisco; Ruby Powell (German. French),
Redding; Anna Belle Reeves- (Ens?lish)...Berke-i
ley; Elizabeth Elkin3 Rivard (history),'Berke
ley; Louise .McKee Robinson (education, philos-:
ophy), Berkeley: Maude Estelle Schaeffer.(his
tory), Fresno: Ada.- Ruth Shreve (Latin.' Eng-'
llsh), Berkeley; Charlotte Heed Weaver' (Latin,
French), Eureka; ;Olin Wellborn Jr. (history),
Los Angeles; Marlon Wendt (Latin. French).
Berkeley; Evan- -Williams (history, jurispru
dence), Berkeley; Helen Ada Winchester (his
tory), Oakland. "
B. S.. Collego of Natural Sciences — Howard
Felix Adler. (zoology, chemistry). San Fran
cisco; Carlotta Case (botany, zoology), Oak
land; Margarita Miklau (education, philoso
phy), San Franctsco; Flora Josephine Miller
(mathematics), Berkeley;' William Warner
Mctt (botany), Berkeley; Allie -May • Reitz*ll
(botany). Freeporj:. 111.: Herbert SedgeHeld
Thomson (chemistry, zoology). Bo^nvllle; Eliz
abeth Smith Wetmore "(mathemattcs). Stock
ten; Virginia Whltehead .(botany, zoology),
Oakland. .'
B. S. CollcB3 of . Commerce — James Henry
McCollouKh, Irvington; Melvll Stegfried Nick
olsburg, San FrancisCor Charles Reginald Per
rler, Sausalito. . '' * "' :
B S.. College of Agricultures-Tien Chlh Tan
(agricultural chemistry).: Berkeley, graduate
Tientsin University, 1809.
B S. College of Mining — Frank Johnson
Booth Paso Hobles; John Drummond Mac-
Gavin', San Francisco; Maxwell Cltypoole Mil
ton, Berkeley; Henry Muller, Oakland; .John
Alfred Wilcox, Portland. Ore.
B S , Colloge of Civil Engineering — William
Howard Alderson, San Francisco: "Eugene
Clyde La Rue Riverside; Frederick' Horace
Tibbetts Berkeley, B. S. (University of the
Pacific).' 1903. ™
B S., College of Chemistry — Katherine Flor
enco Magnoson (chemistry), Livingston.
M D., College of Medicine— John Peter
Sandholt, Watsonvllle.
Upon the adjournment of the meeting
the regents present . adjourned to the
St. Francis Hotel, where they partook
of luncheon as the. guests of Regent
Dohrmann. During the luncheon the
regents discussed the question of legis
lation to be sought- at the coming ses
sion of the Legislature.
The only extraordinary appropriation
to be asked is that for the construc
tion of. the proposed College of Agri
culture building. All other sums de
sired pertain to the ordinary^ expenses
of the. university. ,, The discussion \on
this question was .merely preliminary
and it ,is. the, .purpose of the. board, to
meet again some time during" this week
to definitely determine. /what action
shall be " taken to procure the [ heeded
legislative 'action.
Regret lor the mistakes of our youth
seldom prevent'us from making great
er ones.
_^_ _ I
Special Lunch To-Day, 29c.
; .-: >-iW? Cafe — Fourth Floor. '
Soup— Puree Tomato. r-' -VtjretableB— Mashed Potatoes. Su-
Entree — Macaroni and Cheese, gar Corn.
Baked Beans and Brown Bread. Dessert—Tapioca Pudding, Apple
Meat — Roast Beef au Jus. Lamb Pie. . -, «:
Fricassee.
Remember This Is the Last Wednesday
of the Month.
There Will Be "Something Doing"** pagers
Don't Miss It.
Sales. \1> ALWAYS RELIABLE faffe
• If MARKET&tfQNESSm West.
A3rUSE>IEXTS. • .
ORPHEUM ROAD SHOW
Mclntyre and Heath: Speasardy'a Bears
zn& Ponies; Grace Falotta and tte
Four Millinery Maids; Tee Latonas;
Clarice Vance; Smlrl and Kessner; I
Probst the Great; Albertlna Melich.
and Orphmim Motion Pictures. Snow-
ine "Tte Suburbanite."
Regular Matinees every Wednesday. Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday.
Prices— 10c, 25c and 50c.
TtTS AND NEXT WEEK.
NIGHTLY, INCLUDING SUNDAY.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Special Holiday Matinee next Monday.
Henry W. Savage Offers
George Ade's Musical Satire.
THE
StJL'TAN
OF SUL-U
Music by Alfred G. Wathall.
GRA_ND =
MATINEE SATURDAY
J-WEEKS . ONLY— 3
DAVID BELASCO Presents
BLANCHE BATES
In the drama ■ of old Japan, -
THE DARLING OFTHE GODS
By David Bclasco and John Luther Long.
Curtain Rises at 8 o'clock
....SHARP. ..
«|||f Ipoost
The Holiday . Attraction
Will Be the .Tlvoli's
Famous Ooera Success
KIN G
DODO
Special Christmas Holiday Matinees
Saturday at 2; New Tear's, Job. 1 and 2.
Grand Transformation Scene: "A CHILD'S
DREAM OF CHRISTMAS." a beautiful Holi-
day . Story, told in four enchanting Tableaux
with SANTA CLAUS AND A» CHRISTMAS
TREE.
H. W. - BISHOP. Lessee and Manaser.
' ALL THIS WEEK . ;
25c— MATINEE TO-MORROW— 25c
Hoyt's Famous Farce Comedy,
A CONTENTED WOMAN
In Which Oliver Morosco OfTera
HOWARD GOULD AND J. H. GILMOUR
And the Majestic Players, with OZA WAL-
DROP In the cast.
NEXT— "HELD BY THE ENEMY."
The magnitude of "MIZPAH.'* by Ella
"Wheeler Wilcox. our next attraction, necessi-
tates the postponement of "Old Heidelberg."
ftaci! jg& Bafig!:
lew Jockey
California P^ Club
OAKLAND TRACK.
, Racing every week day. rain or shine.
Races start at 2: IS p. m. sharp. .
S1000 HANTJICAP. to Be Bun "Wednes-
day. Dec. 28; NEW YEAS HANDICAP.
* 82000 Added, to Be Bun Monday; Jan. 3.
For special trains stopping at the track take
S. P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12:00,'
12:30, 1:00, 1:30 or 2:00. Returning trains
leave the track at 4:10 and 4:43 p. m. and Im-
mediately after the last race. • , ••.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
- PERCY W. TREAT, Secretary. ■ —
: W/.T.HESS,
Notary Public and Attorn ey-at-Law.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels bldg.
Telephone Main 983.
Residence. 1S02 McAllister st.
. - Residence Telephone. Page 5641.
....--■ i ~~ '■ \ ; —
Weak Men.aDdWomen
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican Remedy: gives health and
. strength to sexual organs. Depot,' 323 Market.*
AMUSEMENTS.
e CALIFORNIA^
ALL THIS WEEK ti'
: James A. Herne's Greatest of All B
* American Pastoral Comedies, , H
SHORE ACRES I
"With it» powerful east of the original B
Q favorites, including James . A Oallo. • H
nj way. Atkins Lawrence. Belle Th«a- «
j dore. H. P. Whittemore. James Bur-
i £ rows. Herbert Flanburg and others. !
■ E^ Uy y ° Ur " e * tS '* rly for Xew . T «ar's I
I NEXT STJITDAY ZnQBT I '
« "YON YONSON." B
jm
ALCAZAR *~T
General Manager.
AX EX0K3I0TJS SUCCESS!
TO-mGHT— Mats. Sat. asd Slffi.
Only Authorized Procluctlon of RichanJ Mans-
field's Version of the Delightful Play,
OLD HEIDELBERG
The Quaint German Student Songs by a Trip!*
<.-<■»". ; -.--.- -TMale-rQiULrtqh^ >j-f. -'larr* tr*
KO ADVANCE IN PRICES."
"Appeals to eld and young." — Call.
"Admirable performance of a very great
play." — Chronicle. ' ' - • •
IN ACTIVB PREPARATION'.
Joseph Arthyr^s LOST RIVER
Market street, near 8th. Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THI3 WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAT.
..1-v- "A triumph of stage craft" — Call.
The Heart of Chicago
A Melodrama Full of Heart-Stlrrtag Emotions
and Thrills.
The Full-Sired Locomotive. Th<» Drawbridge
The Burning of Chicago. The Murder on th»
Roof Garden
PRICES.. Eve.. 10c to Me: Mats.. 10c. 15c. 25<j
NEXT— CHILD SLAVES OF NEW YORK,
MATINEE JANUARY 2.
Every Afternoon and Evening 1 -la tfca
J Heated. Theater, Bain or Shiae.
PBINCESSFAN TAN
SCORES OF SPECIALTIES! Y ■
300 PERFORMERS!
A BIO SHOW BT LITTLE PEOPLE.
AMATEUR' NIGHT and
ELECTRIC FOUNTAIN THURSDAY.
No Increase in Prices.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN". . 5q
AUSaEX^AXEOPS
GADSKI
THE GREAT SOPRANO. '
AtALHAMBRA THEATER
Tucs., Thurs. Eves.. Jan. S-5. Sat Mat. T**>.
' ■ Season tlcketrf. % I .'A *,1 7* >. |2 SO; now on
rale. Single Seats-^2. $1 50. $1. Ready
Friday Morning.
SPECIAL CONCERT TO-NIGHT.
"Wed.. Dec. 2S. St. Francis Hotel: seats
$2 50. "Box Office Shermab, Clay & Co.'s.
FISCHER'S THEATER
TONY LUBELSKI. General Manager.
GRAND HOLIDAY BILL.
TEN HIGH-CLAS3 VAUDEVILLE ACTS.
10c and 20c. Children. 10s
Afternoons at 2:30. Evenings' at -7:30 and 9.
CONTINUOUS Performance* Sat.. Sun. and
Holidays from Z to 5 and, 7 to 11 p. ra. .
New. Beautiful Moving Picture*.
PalarA DON'T FAIL TO
LdldtC 8ee the beiotif^j
j COURT Lounging
/Hill • • room, the EMPIRE
unu parlor, the
r» * PALM ROOM, the
lirflflQ* LOUIS XV -PAR.'
\ii u iiu LOR^ the LA
II DIES' WRITING
I Hotels 1 room-
DOTTCTJ17C FOR BARBERS. BAK-
DriUOnJuD •"• bootblacks, bath-
. ; *^ -*^- : houses, billiard tables.
brewera. bookbinders, 'candy makers, canners.
dyers." flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen, tar- roofers, tanners, tailors, etc :
, BTJCHANAN BSOS,
Brnili KUntif acturera. 609 Sacramento St.
WEEKLY CALL, §1.00 PEB YEAB,
910
PREB-A TIN OF LIBBY'S HOME-MADE PLUM PUDDING FREE
JOHN_D. SPKECKELS. . .
Addrees Communications to
JOliy McXAUGIiT.^.^^^j^^Manager
W. J. M-VKTIX .... Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. Tbe Operator Will Con-
nect You Wiih Uie Department Ycu W ish.
Publication Office Market and Third. S. F.
licnonal Kooms to 221 Stevenson s~
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per Week. 75
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies 5 *-«■»•
Term* by Mail. Including Postage iC&sn With
Order} :
DAILY CALL (lnclud. Sunday), 1 ?«•*• "$f-°<*
DAILY CALL <.includ. Sunday). « mos... 4.o«
DAILY CALL— By Single Month «5c
SfKDAT CALL. 1 Year --»>
WEEKLY CALL. 1 year •- '- 1 ; 00
FORF-irv |Dally...$S.W Per Year Extra
S^ta^ \ 4.15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. I weekly. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS AHB AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Eampla Copies will be iorwarded when re-
quested.
Slall subscribers in ordering change of ad-
dress should be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to insure a
promat asd correct compliance with tbelr re-
quest.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1018 Broadway Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE:
21 4« Onter Street ....Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
6AMirEL W. WALL Post BuUdlns;
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- Astoria. Hotel; A. Brentano. SI
Union Square; Murray Kill Hotel; Fiftb-avwms
Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
• Sherman Hocse; P. O. News Co.; Greet
Northern Hotel; Tremont Houee; Andltorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
.O. GEORGE KROGNESS. Marquette Building.
"Long Distance Telephone, "Central 2618.")
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Buildln*
." NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
'BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Franclsoo Call,
corner Market and Third streets; open until
• 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
<OCS Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. m.
•627 Montgomery street, corner Clar: open until
8 :30 p. m.
S0O. Hayes street; open until 8:30 p. m.
«W3 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. in.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. m.
2200 Flllmore street: open until 9 p. m.
MXETUTQ NOTICES.
MISSION Lodge No.' 169, F. and A. B
M.— Special meeting THIS (WED-YY
NESDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock; /VS
third degree. R. E. ALLAN. Sec.
FARNSWORTH Lodge No. 95, I. ~Z^Z
O. «.». K.— Fi-st d^cr^e THISi-^flaSfcA.
1 WEDNESDAY) NIGHT. L*e. =s5?5i|5?9
- 2S. at S o'clock sharp. Welcome ■^3fr£#^
Hall. J. C. NEWTON. N. G.
G. A. BURMAN. R. S.
IVANHOE Lodge No. 5. K. of P..
will confer the Knight rank (long \3r.£eb>V
form) WEDNESDAY. Dec. 28. 1904. T^f§
at 220 Golden Gate ave.. at 8:30 £^>t
p. m. Members of EiRter lodges
cordially invited. R. W. BANKS, C. C.
O. NORCROSS. K. of R. and S.
THE California Debris Commission, having
received applications to mine by hydraulic
process from B. G. fmith and S. H. Robln-
ecn. In Celtic and Monterey gravel mine, at
• Columbia, Tuolumne County, Cal.. draining
into Mormon Creek, which reaches Stanis-
laus River; from J. F. Schindler, in Council
Hill min^. ntar Scales, Sierra County, Cal..
dralr.insr lr.to Hock Creek, which reaches
Yuba River; from J. H. Stewart, in Stewart
• rr.ine, near Oleta, Amador County. Cal.,
draining into Indian Creek, which 'reachae
Consun-.nes River; from W. and G. W. Car-
penter and Vic Henderson. In Independence
hydraulic- mine, near Iowa Hill, Placer
County, Cal., draining into Independent
Creek, which reaches North Fork of Ameri-
can River: frcm Gold Top Mining Co., in
Orchard placer rein*, near line Grove, Am-
ador ■ County, Cal.. draining into Jackson
•Creek, nhicb reach*** Mokelamne River, and
Jroin Victor. Frank and Joseph Dondero. In
Gold Nug-pet mine. n*>ar Columbia. Tuolurcne
1 County. Oil., draining into Woods Creek.
«-h!ch reach** Tuolumne River, Rives notice
tfint a meeting to receive any protests will
** held at rocm 6S, Flood building. San
Frar.cisco. Cal.. Jan. 3. 1905. at 1 :30 p. m.
' - t .
THE, arsual meeting cf the stockholder* of
th* Nevsda National Bank of San Fran-
cisco. Csl., will b* held at Its banking-
house. RQ1_ Montromery st. San Francisco,
Cal.. on TUESDAY. January 10. 1905.
et 3:15 p. in., fcr the election of directors to
. r^rve during the rneu!ng year, and for the
transaction cf FUch other business as may
cense before the meeting.
GEO. GRANT. Secretary.
December 10. 1804.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
• Oall. 10 pares, sent to any addrer* in the
Vnltefi States or f"an-»da one vear for SI.
ATTCBgSYB-AT-LAV.
*A FRAUDULENT divorce Is dear at $12 and
§ls r.o good; for 22 years I've made divorces
a ipecialty; quick, quiet; no money needed;
r.o pay vnlers divorce is granted; perfectly
reliable; loweit fees; advice free; collections
made. G. W. HOWE, 1122 Market st.
R. W. KING. Attcrney-at-l*w, Exam, bldg..
€th floor: entrance room «Jll; established 26
years; al! courts, general court and office
practice; no fees in advance or for consul ta-
Uen: evening by appointment. Tel. Red 3001.
AA— Divorce; cotts $12: cruick.qulet:advlee free;
».1I lsw bu*«!nens; no charge unless success-
ful; open evenings. 927 Market st.. room 301."
ADVICE fie<>: divorce couts $12: no fees or
co«t» In ndvar.ee; all law tmefne*s: office
cpen Saturday evenings. f>VJ Market st.. r. 33.
JOHV GT'IDHRT. attorney -at-law. rocms 3
*r.4 4. 2-40 Monts.in-.ery St.; phono Red P.G17.
L. S. CLARK. «27 Market, room ."504; conjnitj.
t1cn free; no fe*-* in advance: op«»n ev«>nlr.gs.
I ASTHJjTA-CrggE^^ _-
DI NOLA'S Asthma Re.v^dy raliei^slnstiintlyi
I0c 25c. M)c. 1C?2 Market. St. Nicholas.
3'*<> V-'1«hart. 1»th anj t Washington. Oakland
AXTTOaiOEH.ES.
A FINK automobile fr.r sale in flr«t-cla«!» run-
nlns onler. A-lOress ;>ox 1U>j. Call office.
EOABSIZTQ rOB CSIiSEEar]
WANTED— Small rhlld to beard in private
family; boft-..f car^. SCH^ Greenwich st.
_^ business CHAarci:3. |
F. A. BROOKBANK. ~
HL'SIXHS? AGENT
317 Market -t., bctweca Finn and Sixth.
A CUES? <..f mine r.-ho ebadncts a wclFnay- '
ing cigar stand on Market tX. desires ccod.
li«:i^5: ma!) rut jia'-tr.er to i-nsict him In at* '
t«-::dirj; ttand. p.i.4 to i.;ame !i<? cr.n offrr fin« 1
rnrtvi^n; »■> n-xjr«rr;nrce nrt-efsarj-; $:;5f» ia«h ■
r«!Uir«d 1'arlicuiars of BROOKBAJCK. - I
f-ZTiit AND «crvif»s Rerutv au hitfrest in old i
fr:r.\>. office and conimiEsicn. I'Uflr.css clear- '
inir $200 to $230 ran. ; tio cxpenesce required- '
j-arfy n:urt be- soljer and rclialilc »n<J furni«h ',
g-iod r*"f«^cnce«. hs >am? will be tcnC»rcl
him. PartK-ilars T.ith 1JU<X)KBANK.
: :.»i:::i;ii sbop r.r two chairs on busy street,
north- of Market n.; o!i**n rent: inoney
niKk-?r; gift for $i75. fiec BROOKUANK.
Pp5 ~
Lfv^ry n.n«l toarding stable, centra!. In
'"'akland. doing a fin* paying business; cheap
rert: long lease; it> got to be soM right
n«»> ; will b^ar looking into; facts and tig-
■ ures #hown; 111 health of owner tbe reason
for pelline; <■«.!: cr rend -for oarticulars. 453
7th M.. Or.kland. GEO. H. LEE.
A LADT'S and G*nfs tallcrlng esUbHshment.
cleaning and dyeing, for eale; business well
estalllshf-d and In a nne location. Address
for r»»rt!cu:ars. box S2tM5. -Call office...
FOft sal»~Country hotel; town 4000 InhaH-
■ tants; long lease, or T.in sell half interest;
hr.aet: full: bljr bar bu«lnpss; sickness cause
cf 64)". Box ,;cin. Call.
flfSft— FAX JOSE paying dairy and milk route-
«-fco(c« patronage: 17 head fine cattle; good
location: reasonable lease; excellent eaui»-
nient. Eox B, Call cfnc«\ San Jote,
FOR rale— Bakery: short distance from San
Francisco; a great bargain Jf sold at once as
«wn«r is interested Jn other business. Apply
Bakers' Home," 734 Mission st.
Cg^CTS-ffimttaned.1^
A— $4OCol~BAKERY and confectionery, estab-
lished many years, baking 7 barrels per day;
<; horses, wagons and buggy; one of the best
_nl thlsjrit^. See R. G. WILKE. 2tt^ Kearny.
A— $350; well established real estate office In
Napa Co.; office doing a good business; has
valuable contracts; clearing about $150; par-
ticuiars. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny, st.
A — $750; HALF Interest In manufacturing busi-
ness; established 16 years; partner can clear
$150 easy per month; rare chance. R. G.
WILKE. 26H Kearny st. '
A— f 1500; tea and coffee store, crockery, etc;
I fsiab. years; stock invoice to about $2500;
owner engaged in business in Arizona; must
sacrifice. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 2\S%
Kearny st. • .
A— $500; HARDWARE -locksmith and. electri-
cal repair shop; established 25 years; best
location. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 28H
Ktarny.
A— $1800; SALOON on water front, close to
Market St.; net rent $120; place established
many years and known as a good paying
business. See R. G. WILKE/ S«% Kearny.
A— $900; BAKERY with delicatessen store. Ice-
cream parlor; In very best .location; wilt b«
sacrificed: owner must leave at once for New
York; rent $20. Call R. G. WILKE, 20 H
Kearny st. ' \ ■-;•''".-''•:.
A— $3500; LIQUOR store, with 5 years' lease:
tiuOO ■ stock guaranteed ; 1 block north of
-Market: a very rare chance. Call on R. G.
WILKE. 26»£ Kearny st.
A— $1800; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon;
daily receipts $50; rent $S0; lease; place lo-
cated clo*e to Market and a good business.
Call on R. G. WILKE. 2Hh% Kearny st.
A — $3500; SALOON; the best on tbe water
front; rent $74; place known for the last 30
years as a first-class paying business. For
particulars' call on R. G. WILKE. 2D%
Kearnjr st
A--41200; OLD-ESTAB. dyeing and cleaning
works; 3 horses; 4 wagons; net rent $20;
place estatx. for many years and baa a large
patronage; a good paying business. Call on
R. G. WILKE. 26M Kearny sL
A— $1000; HOTEL; a first-class paying bar; 14
rooms, dining-room and kitchen, with 5-year
lease; cloee to carhous* and other factories.
See R. G. WILKE. 26-Ja Kearny st.
A — $1500; RESTAURANT for sale, in the best
mining town In the State of Nevada; dally
receipts, $150; opposite the round house; no
better paying proposition In Nevada. Partlc-
ulars R. Q. WILKE. 26 H Kearny st.
fbOO— WILL take partner In a good paying,
nicely furnished coffes parlor and restau-
rant; lease; or owner will sell for $1100;
part on time. See R. G. WILKE, 2$M
Kearny st. - '■ ..% :'
A— $7000; BAKERY, one of the best In city;
monthly sales $6000; splendid chance for two
partners: not all cash necessary. Particulars
«»* R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $2500; HOTEL In 8onoms. Co.; 20 furn.,
rooms;' dining and bar room, bus, 2 horses./
cow. etc., and 7 acres of land; 5 years' Uase;
rent $50. or owner will sell whole property
tor $12,000. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st. "-,- j.. :
A— $1750; CORNER grocery and bar, with I
living rooms, on Sacramento st.: 4% years'
lease; rent $45; the very best location. See
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
$550— RESTAURANT; very best location; rent
SCO; close to Kearny and Bush; good-paying
investment: Investigate. Call on R. G.
WILKE. 28% Kearny st.
A— $2000; CORNER grocery and bar on Va-
lencia St.; lease; old established and good
paying business; investigate; a rare chance.
See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A — $2350; COAL, wood, hay and grain busi-
ness; 2 horses. 3 wagons; net rent $34;
place established years; very best loca-
tion; & good cash business. See R. G.
WILKE. 20% Kearny st. %
A— $SCO; CORNER saloon In wholesale dis-
trict; no night cr Sunday work; saloon «s-
tab. 20 years and known an a good busi-
ness. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny St. !
A— $2150: CORNER grocery and bar, 5 years'
lease; rent $40; store doing large cash busi-
ness; location can't be beat; value in sight.
See R. G. WILKE. °.G% Kearny st.
A— $2CC0; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; one
block frcm Examiner building; place estab-
l*sh"d years; doing a first-class business:
about $70 per day. Particulars see JR. G.
WILKE. 20% Kearny st.
A— $3000: CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
st.; rent $60: living rooms: stock will in-
\olce about 52800; a well established and
first-class paying business. See R. G.
WILKE. 2C% Kearny st.
A— $.">C0: DAIRY, produce and delicatessen
store: 5 rooms; rent S25: best location Va-
lencia st. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
8 Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
For sale— Well-furnished and equipped country
hotel; f>0 rooms; rent only $K>0: 10-year
lease: newly painted and renovated through-
out; about 50 miles from S. F. ; fine, grow-
ing town; present owner made fortune and
wants to retire. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
First-class saloon downtown: 2 blocks from
Market sti; rent $75; well fitted up; receipts
$18 to $25 Der day; must tx» sold on account
of other business: price. $1600. CAMERON
& CO.
FlTtt-cIasa short-order restaurant, downtown;
fittings new and up-to-date: receiyts $75 to
SO per day: fine opportunity to get Al prop-
osition reasonable; best of reason for sell-
Ing. CAMERON & CO.
For sale— First-class bazaar and cigar busi-
ness; Al location, long lease, cheap rent;
fixtures and store uo-to-date;' established 17
years: line new stock cf goods; has never
changed hands; now clearing s:i50 and over
per month; best reason for Exiling; an op-
portunity of a lifetime. SEETAMERON &
CO.
Harness and saddlory shop, well located; rent
$12; well stocked: line wax machine; «ll
bench tools; everything goes; price. $1000;
more than value in slcht; retiring from
business. CAMERON & CO. .
Here Is an opportunity cf getting cne of the
best grocerks and bars In city; fine transfer
corner; downtown and doing big business:
«--henr> rent: .1 yerrs' lease; receipts average
$1SCO to S2000 per month; never changed
hands; best cf nasens for selllns. CAMER-
ON & CO.
! Exchanges made in all kinds of real estate,
roorring-house and business chances. CAME-
RON & CO.. 3 Eddy rt.
For sale— Several good business propositions
for invet-tot*. Kueh as cigar stores, groceries
and lia:v \>a«verles, furnishing goods, mer-
chandise, country hctels, restaurants and
many -other- propositions - too- numerous \n
mention; would be pleased to have you call
nn<3 Inspect our list. CAMERON & CO. 3 ;
EdJy fct. f
For Kate — Kirst-class downtown cigar utore:
doing good business, but disagreement of
partners cause cf sale. CAMERON & CO.
$200 — ACTIVE man . wanted as partner ' to do
Plain, llslit work: sure profit of $75 to each
per month. Apply «H2 Market st., room 0.
! \l'EL' ( 'Ktablished printing business for sale;
must be *old; no reasonable offer refused.
; 2l-'Jt Sar-rr.mento Bt. '
nESTAUHANT and delicatessen store for sale. '
Fltiial»<l in gooJ business location. Box i
3501. Call office. j
1 WANTED — A gcod hotel, city or country;
1 country referred: state prire and full par-
ticulars. Vnx S101, Call office. ., -.
i GROCERY and delicacy cheap; easy terms: or '
wcui.l take reliable partner. Call at 129S
! Jackson it!
! FOR sale, or will take partner, saloon and 15
I rooms: last cliance. 212 East st. • •• ■
! Al TAIt/m store; $700:- full value tn sight;
l low r»nt; lease. Box 37C0, Callofflce. ,
! CIGAR «anJ for "sale. 4C« Seventh St.!" Oa£ '
I !a:vl.
I I WANT $1000 to launch a business enterprise-
I $10.000 a year profits. Box SSSO, Call office. ;
j GOOD paying restaurant for sale clieap. Box :
I :r>v,\. Call office. -■■■ ■? .. ■ j
1 WANTED— To buy a corner grocery and bar;
' «tat<* price a«k?d. . Address box 120(5, Call.
$275— CANDY, stationery, notions. Ice cream i
1 - r«rlor; rare chance candy maker., 412% Third.
WELL-PAYING meat market for sale; butcher 1
_remains with buyer. Box 3834, Call office.
SALOON for sale with lease. Apply at, Hl-
bernla Brewery.
I ROUTE 12. San Francisco Call, for sale. Ap-
1 Ply £*" Francisco Call office.
! A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 100}, Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m. . yw»e
CKEEIT CLOTHIEH3. '
C. F. ADAMS CO.. 318 Mason st— Clothing
f or. everybody from hat to shoes; you can get
. what you want from us and have It charged.
CLOTHINg BEKOVATnrO.
SUITS ' cleaned and ' pressed, . $1 ; 'scouring • and
dyeing. Bon Marcbe, Examiner bldg.; r. 410:
phone Drumm 44. -.Call for and- deliver free.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. 'WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 2S, " 1904.
MARION GRIFFIN, .
406 Hearst building, over Examiner entrance,
corner Third and Market sts.; tel. Black 3607.
Hotels' and rooming-houses for sale. Free'list.
Abstract of Title Free. With Each Sale.
— ■ $ieS; house full
Half furnished 40- of steady room-
t room house north ers; on account
of Market; |1500 of sickness the
takes it up to 10 price ($5000) is
a., m., December cut in two.
2. "There is a '
tide in the affairs See v ,V : <
of all men's lives -
If taken at the MARION
flood leads on to _^
fortune.' GRIFFIN.
See ' • :
MARION Fashionable room-
GRIFFIN. ing-house of 3S
— rooms, on Butter
Salary of $3 per st. Furnishings
day and you stay
at home. Why cost $6010. Every-
not start in on
Jan. 1. 1805? thing Is
! You'd lay away
some money. We FIRST CLASS.
offer , you such a • .
chance In tht> All the roomers
management of a
30-room apart- must give ac-
ment house; price ceptable refer-
$1800. Terms, V, ences. House is
cash. Rent Is un- full. Profit is ex-
der $100. • actly $187 month-
ly. Owing to lra-
. See mediate departure
from city price is
MARION $3500.
GRIFFIN. See
— — - MARION
The best fur- GRIFFIN.
nished 24-room
house In this city. — ■
On the sunniest
corner in Call- Dependable house
fornia. Almost
no work for the of 68 rooms: 7-
landlady. Owner
Is out of the city. y«»r lease. In-
Come and make
offer to come (430 over
MARION rent. Modern
GRIFFIN. building. Price,
mH___ $5700. Terms M
Clean profit $306 cash.
monthly in-a par-
tlally furnished B *«
154-room house.
Price $7500; 1st MARION
payment $2000.
_ GRIFFIN.
See \
MARION —
SPECIAL.
GRIFFIN.
Clears monthly
$175; 87- room
Transient house,
near Market st.: house. Beautl-
clears $125 to $2C0
monthly. The net fully furnished,
profit for 1904 up
to Christmas was Located on Ellis
exactly $1506.
Owner desires to *t. Extra fine
leave S. F. at
once. v For $500 entrance. House
first payment will
put you in pos- new and modern,
session.
Highly respect-
See
able.
MARION •,
See
GRIFFIN.
MARION
H GRIFFIN.
—NOTICE—
On Jan. 1, 1003, _
Draw $200 in gold
MARION " .•. 9 out of the bank
GRIFFIN " ** and le ' the bal-
. ance of your
will remove from money stay there
until you have
the Examiner bid. given ■ this 19-
to the room house a
. thorough trial.
JAMES FLOOD Price HC00. re-
duced
building, ,_ —to $1200—
You pay $20u
cor. Market and down and we
back you for a
Powell, thousand; house
located in busl-
Sulte SOI. ""« center, north
of Market st. For
Near the elevators, lhis holiday E nap
.... _ See
Beautifully fur- :?: /
nished hoUEe of MARION
50 rooms; on a
sunny corner. GRIFFIN.
stick a pin hers;
the rent is onl>
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050
• 3 Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses. Hotels and
All Kinds cf Business Chances.
Beautiful new building; grand entrance;
electric elevator, lights; steam heat; CO light
and sunny rooms, elegantly furnirtied; spacious
halls; draperies and fittings of the belt; -where
you can have an exquisite home besides clear-
ing $300 per month above all expenses; close
in: cheap rent and long lease; this house is
always full of best people; sickness causes
sale; exclusively with us.
Rare chance to get choice 7 room flat; rent,
including garbage and Janitor service, $40 p*r
month: furnished in mahogany and oak; best
body Brussels carpets; new 1 year and
> $S0O to furnish; will sell for $450 on account
of leaving city.
Choice SO-room downtown European hotel;
strictly first class and thoroughly respectable;
every equipment: modern and up to date; al-
ways ful! and clears $"'.50 to $400 per month;
test reasonii for selling; with us exclusively.
You can't beat this beautifully furnished,
100-rooru downtown house: carpets, furnituie
and <!raperie3 of the very bsst: electric lights,
eleam heat; In fact, everything modern and
up to date: long lease; cheap >ent; owner leav-
ing city.
■20 rooms; good location on Howard. st.; rent
only $U0; good furniture; new carpets; nlcej
and clean and paying well: $300 down, bal-,/
ance out of house; price $1000.
Here i« 10 coot] rooms, close In. with 3
rooms rot furnished, but are all full and pays
$50 per nicntli above all • xpenses; owner tak-
ing larger house; price $1050.
Here Is a nice little home of 12 well-fur
nished rooms; rent only $00; wher» you can
clear $50 i-er month and have 2 Best rooms; '
Van Nesa ave. ; only 5850. ■
1 This is a fine opportunity for «ome one with I
$10C(i cash to get 2(1 rooms well furnished In
•oak and cherry; -everything In flrst-class shape
and clears 5^5 above nil expenses;, leaves \3
rooms for landlady; balance can be paid out
: of bouse.
-Grant!.' new, modern apartment-house; beau- i
tlful building: elegantly furnished; good long
lease: v/ltb cheap rent: only 15 mlnutfes* walk I
from Kcarny Et. ; has ISO rooms and pays $uOn I
to $600 per month; always full; bsst class of I
people; a bargain can be had if taken at once. I
Nice little house of 16 rooms, with good fur-
niture and carpets; rent only 5e5: must dis-
pose next ten days; make offer.
1 First-class Investment where you ran earn
$2400 per year on expenditure of $4SC0 In 40
i room house: rent only $125 per month; choice
! location on Sutter St.: always full; best of oak
furniture; good carpets; sickness only reason
I for aelllng. :
Swell family hotel on Sutter st. : beautifully
furnished; always full; there are " SO rooms,
! rent only $425: obliged to leave city; will be
sold at half cost to furnish.
Big snap: Sl-room apartment-house; rent
only $4 -per. room; well furnished and clearing
$00 per month: will only take $550 cash, bal- j
ance time; price $350. J
14-room house, furnished in oak and mahogil
any; good-carpets; first -clans location;, all full I
and clearing nice- little' salary every month- I
you can get It for $000 each. . |
. Beautifully furnished 6-room modern flat;
new 6 months ago; rent only $25; fine location;
cost over $000: to be sold for $100; departure.
' High-grade family hotel . on ,the . hill; ele-
gantly furnished; has : 80 •• light •• and sunny
rooms: always full ■ and clears a fine Income
but sickness Is only cause . for being on the
market: good -chance for : some one" to gerpay.
Ing investment at ; Facrlflce. : f .
10 rooms. well located. on Eddy at.: rent only
$65; oak and cherry furniture: clears $75-
leaves 3 best rooms for .landlady; everything
first-class condition: here is a fine .home com
blned with nice little business; part down bal-
ance as;you.make it. . . - '-
70-room country hotel: best .interior town in.
State: barroom. ■ 2 dining-rooms and. 5-room
LODGING-HOUSES FOB GALE — Con.
cottage besides: rcilt $100 per month: can get
10 years' lease; brick building: everything fine
condition; fine business proposition.
We have a nu'mber of special bargains In
flats of 6 to 10. rooms, new, and modern: can
be had for less than half cost to furnish; must
be 6old. either account of sickness or de-
parture.
Have large Hjfof real estate^hotels. room-
Ing housea and business chances for exchange
or trade always on hand. •
A.. CAMERON & CO.." Eddy ft.
' Roomlng-Honees and Hotels For Sale.
H. C. DECKER f>C<I MARKET ST.
■ H.; C. DECKER PHONE JOHN 531.
SQUARH DEALINU— CLEAR TITLES.
Over 28 years celling houses In'thfe city.
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
; See the Following Barralns:
20 rooms; transient . .' . SS50
56 rooms; new; fine 7'00
14 rooms; only $;35O cash 750
100 rooms; apartments; Hears $600 0500
15 Hooms — Ccrner.
C!ear3 SICO. Owner Sick
In Hospital. Must Sell,
j ' Make Offer. See This Bargain
CO-Room Country Hotel.' $1000.
1U rooms; rent $75; only. $250 cash S750 ;
24 rooms; all light and sunny; rent $60.. 140-1 |
2b rooms; Market st.: *rap ..: £530
25 room?; up-to-date hctel: swe 1 location 3203
10. room house; new furniture 600
27-room house on Post st... 2v0.'>
8 rooms: sunny corner.- N. of Market st. 400
100 rooms; always rented;. clears $100.... S500
10J rooms; apartment: clears, $400 a mo. 80G0
H. C. DECKER. 900 Market st.. cor. Strxrkton.
I.ODQIWQ-HOT7SES WAHTEP;
WANTED— A ' lodging house of about 20 rooms:
furniture must beJn good 'condition and rent
reasonable: statf. full particulars. Box 3306.
Call office; no agents.
...... CLAIBVOYANTS.
LIVINGSTONE.
THE OCCULT WONDER.
FOR A RELIABLE. INTELLIGENT CLAIR- '
VOYANT READING. CONSULT
LIVINGSTONE.
FIVE RECEPTION PARLORS. LADY AT-
TENDANT. 23^ KEARNY "ST.
ATTENTION- ■ ~~
MRS. DR.^CLARK
The well-known medium and clairvoyant.
may be consulted on all affairs; every hidden
mystery revealed: she will show ycu how to
overcome your enemies and unite the sepa-
rated: tell your entire life. past, present and
future: satisfaction by mall; send stamp for
circular and special terms. » 343 Geary st.
Hours 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. •
Frlvste flat. Business confidential.
MME. M. BERNARD, the famous clairvoyant
and business medium, reads your life cor-
rectly, gives accurate description of the past,
present and future; greatest living adviser on
all- affairs In life: never failed to give satis-
factlon; 25c up. 17 Third st.. next Examiner.
IEMAR, 'Egyptian seerees. The Vendome, 1104
Market ft., San Francisco. Office hours— 10
a. m.to 5 p. m.: Sundays, 10 to 12: Wednes-
day evening. 6 to 8. Phone South 1141.
MISS M. WILLE. 310 Ellis St.. clalrroyani.
crystal teer and life reader, tells you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tlon; names given; $1; hours. 10 to 8.
MME. PORTER, clairvoyant, medium; born
- with double veil and second sight: tells past.
preEent. future: 1. 50c: g. by cards $1; palm-
istry full life read. $1. SOS Jones, nr. Eddy.
MISS WARD. 1206 Market st.,.cor. G. G. ave .
parlor 6S, clairvoyant, ttlves names, dates *nd
facts; hours 11 to S; take elevator.
MME. KRONE.VBERG, palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader: when ethers fall try me; read-
ingy 25?. 324 O'Farreil St.; tel. Red 6537.
MISS ZEMDAR. young gifted, clair. and palir.;
reveals love, marriage, business, etc.; L. 50::
G. $1: hours 10 to it; nsmes. 714 Franklin *>t.
MME. MARSBAU. card reader; ladles 25c;
. gents 50c. 54.'. Minna st.
MRS. PHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader, has
returned: sittincs dally. 1CS 6th st.. rooms 1-2.
MME. SARAH, clairvoyant, oard reader; ladles
35c; Rontst COc. 23& Sixth St.
MRP. BATJMANN. the well-known fortuns-
t»!l>r. »• row o» "IT -c-iiw •?. " ■-
spxsrrcTALxsM.
A— MRS. J. J. VVHtTNEY* busT" medium and
life reader. 1200 Market, r. 14. Gait House.
C. MAYO STIVERS, trance medium. 305 Lar-
Uin, room 49; readings 1 to r>; tel. South 319.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted «late- writer sn<l
rlalrvnyant. 1112 Eridv St. Phone Frott SS7.
BEATIHQ AKPjaBANING.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal;
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at shop; prices . moderate. S. F. Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Co.. SOS Market' St.;
phones Main 152 and Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
eerd for SPAULDINGS Pioneer Carpet-beat-
Ing works. 355 .357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet cleaning Works 1S09 Har-
rison st.: Al cleaning. 3c. FRED HAGE-
PORN & CO.; phone Mission 225.
MICHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth St.— Flrst-cla*s
carpet cleaning, 3c yard. Tef. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Mnln ."04. GEO. WAI.COM & CO., Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating work*: prices
reasonable. 17C-"{ Harrison St.; tel. Mission 263.
_j^^ COLLECTION, 077X01:3.
BAD tenants ejected for $1: collections made:
p'ty or country. Pacific Collection Co.. 415
Montgomery st.. rooms 0-H>. Tel. Main 53*0.
DENTISTS. .
A NEW plate— The Whalebcne — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $:> SO; fillings, 50c:
. plates, .«5; full ect;- all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 21 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM IIIuJ^WIMarltetyhrJileventS
Xo charge for extracting when platen are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set: extracting. 50c; gas given.
PARIS Dental parlors. 2."5 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Set teoth. $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up; fillings, 25c.
GOLD fillings, 7.'c: silver. ;:.">c: crowns. $2; no
pain; open Sundays. Dr.A.C.Hewltt.204 Sutter.
"ARTHUR (*HISIIOLM~«urgeon-dentIst.r.l4,l9t
floor. Phelan bid., SOU Market, cor. O'Farrell.
DR. U. L. WALSH lifts moved from Geary st.
to'rornc-r Sutler at. siul'Crant ave.
DRE3S1IAKEES AHD SEAMSTRESSES.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 101i> Mkt.
Accordion, Funljurst and knife pleating. Stew-
art's buttcn and buttonhole factory.110 Taylcr
-~s~— —^ EDtXCATIOlIAI.^ j
A— : THB- Lyceum, an "accredited pr*ear«icry,i
school for university, law and 'ned'.cal c< 1-
leges, begins its twelfth. year. We riiall do I
better work than betort, and give, proem I t.s
well as sppcial <-ourses.' Our departments In
Er.gllzh literature, language, mathemetits,
sciences, history, etc., are ex:el'.*nt. Two
.of the bp.«t teachers in Callfovv* ar«* :n
charge of Kngiish and of mathematics. (om»»
nnd bo with us. . we prepare ypu well, ltefa.
Pres. Jordan or any Stanford professor. Lay
nnd evening tensions. ■ Plielan oldR.
| CLAi-SKS In *hort story writing and journal-
I ; l*m will be forme'd on January ". I :u;d 5 ut
2 p. m., at 333 Phelan bldg.: teims vtry rea-
sonable; join these classes; tho lnstrucilon i&
excellent; -rapid progress nssured.
E. R.. A YRES. founder of Ayres Business Col- ,
lege, has returned;. bookkeeping, penmanship,
, shorthand, typing: $.'• month: life scholarship ,
».*0; positions secured; day, eve. 72^! Market.
THE- Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
: Institution devoted "exclusively, to: dramatic
learning tn America: ' positions- guaranteed. !
._ Send for catalogue. Native Sons' building.
HEALD'S School of Mines ana Knglneerlng. 24
Post st.. S. F.: civil, mining, electrical, steam
and gas engineering. Send for prospectus..
A SUCCESSFUL college: new. large rooms;
perfect llRht: all graduates are getting posl-
tlons. S. F. Business College.' 738 Mission st.'
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mln., mech.. eur-
■ vey. assay; cyaride; day, eve.; est. 1804. Van
■ der Na'.llen School. 1 13 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st.
Established 1*53: largest In the West: an-
nual : enrollment 1000; send for f circulars.
A— METROPOLITAN , Bus. Col.. 002 V:in Ness
**. ave. ;•: positions secured. : R. H/; Webster. ■ Pres.
A— GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL-
.. LEG E, 13S2 Market ' st. r; Send for. catalogue."
BOOKKEEPING-r-Save • time, - gain knowledge"
with TARR,; expert.- 217 Parrott^buildlng. •
EPTTCATIOarAIi — Contented.
BOOKKEEPING, Eng.. Math., etc., day and
' eve.: Individual instr. 303 Larkin st. Prof.
-T. A. Robinson, former pres..Pac. Bus. Col.
ALL Eng. and com. branches. $5 mo.: 47 les-
, tons Benn Pitman shorthand hold any posl-
* tlon; lndiv. instruc. West. Bus.Col..l2Sl Mkt.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano, $3' per month;
vocal lessons $1. 82S Haight ?t.
CHICAGO Business College. 1584 Market— Posl
tions. shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $3 mo.
' ADULT and Juvenile classes now open. H|n-
; man's School of Dancing. J412 Polk."nr. Cal.
SHORTH.X ND tausht thor'ly by mail and per^
sonally. Mlrs M. G. Barrett. 302 Montgom'y.
SCHOOL OK ILLUSTRATION : Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine St.— Night class.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment office
supplies b*st help promptly; city or country.
S?. LMUHA; 833 Sacramento. Tel. James 5231.
A-ORPHKUM Employment Office— .lapanese-
__Chlnese_heji<. 420 Powe'.l st. : tel. Main 5752.
' RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
; flee: all kinds help. ."515 Stockton: Main 5188.
CHINESE and JapaneseTielp: e*tab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1007. HRADLKY ft CO.. 640 Clay.
I A— ACCOUNTANT, young lady, expert book-
keeper, desires position as private secretary;
1 can take full charge of correspondence and
! accounts. Box 3879, Call office.
! WANTED — By young lady, place in first-class
photograph gallery to learn retouching. Box
".657. Call o/flce.'
ACTIVE Eastern woman wishes work to wait !
on lady or care of Invalid or assist with
housework. Box D., Call Branch. 300 Hayes.
1 :
WANTED— Position by lady barber. Box j
066O. Call office.
A . COMPETENT middle-aged woman desires
chamber work; references. Box 3663, Call.
YOUNG German woman wants housecleanlng:
$1 day. Address MRS. V., 9 Rltch st., off
Folsom, bet. Third and Fourth, In rear, top
floor.
EDUCATED person, not young, would go as
companion, nurse, needle woman to elderly
person: fluent reader: gem-ally useful; mod-
crate salary; wants home. Ad. 3460 18th st.
SCIENTIFIC massage by a graduate of the S.
Weir Mltcht-11 method: sprains, fractures and
dislocations a specialty; references If desired.
Box 3SSS. Call office.
BY young lady of refinement and ability, posi-
tion as traveling companion and secretary to
invalid, or as traveling saleswoman. Box
3097. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaking done at Mme. de
la Roche Lambert's, 1113 Sutter st^ near
Larkln; lady's own material made up from
IS up. » . _
A YOUNG woman wants x place to do house-
work; city or short distance In country.
Call or address MISS WALLACE, room 20,
1116 Mission st.
DRESSMAKER— First-class fit guaranteed:
$1 50 a day; renovating a specialty. 691
Ueary st. : phene Larkin 3704.
A PROTESTANT woman wants work by the
day; is a good laundress; $1 and car fare.
Box 3062. Call office.
WOMAN and grown son want work together
in mining cr logging camp. Address I. M..
box 2035, Call office.
DRESSMAKER, experienced, would like a few
more engagements^ by the day; good cutter
and fitter; terms reasonable. Box 3971, Call.
WANTED — Sewing nt home by competent
dressmaker. IMS Octavia st.
A GOOD young woman wants to assist general
Sunday or eve at dinner parties. 711 Webster.
RESPECTABLE woman wants to - assist at
children's parties during holidays; references
good. Box 2C61. Call.
A YOUNG woman wants work by the day,
washing. Ironing or housework. Addresn
4E9 Bryant st.
SWEDISH woman, first-class laundress and
housecltaner, wishes work by day. 005 Fol-
!om st.
A COOK with first-class reference wants sit-
uation; is good laundress; would go by. the
day 1024 Howard st.. M. H.
A YOUNG woman wishes a position- as work-
ing housekeeper: kind to children. Address
box CM4, Calif office, r
HOUSEKEEPERS place wanted by reliable,
experienced girl; gocd cook; good worker;
no answer unless fare. Box 3G37, Call.
GOOD cor.k desires work In institution; will
do kitchen work. Box 3799, Call.
WOMAN wishes to do pUHn cooking. 1433
Fifteenth st.
LADY would like engagements singing in
church. 3u5 Larkin st., box 60.
WOMAN would like a few places to go out
half day washing. 3275 Harrison et.
A MIDDLE-AGED lady wUh*3~to take care of
invalid. Address 723 Pine st.
WANTED — A position as stenographer: refer-
ence given. Address box 37y:t. Call office.
WANTED — Work by the day; good washer and
cleaner. 241 Minna st.. first floor.
BY American woman, situation as housekeep-
er; country preferred. Mrs. L., 1020 Market.
YOUNG woman with a child wants position In
small family. Box 1700. Call office.
EniPi.o-raiE3TT •waittep— maxe.
A COMPETENT man and wife want work in
the country In a private house; man gardener
and all-round worker; wife maid or seam-
stress; best of city references; young Danish
couple. Box 3701, Call.
AS attendant. In the near future, to Invalid or
mental patient by competent, reliable male
nurse and m&fseur; references. Box 3639,
Call offlc.
WANTED — Position by young man from New
York City that is capable of doing work of
most any kind: Rood home preferred to high
wages. Box 3G61, Call.
ACCOUNTANT, first class, open for engage-
ment January 1; age ."15: salary S100; best
city references and cash bond. Address box
3941, CrII office.
ACTIVE man. about middle age, good habits,
responsible, accountant with general busi-
ness experience, wants employment. Bos.
:!«58, Call office.
RELIABLE young man, 2*.-. handy around
buildins. private place cr wholesale house
with carpenters' or painter?" tools, wishes
any kind of place. Box 37o9.*CalI.
A STEADY, reliable young man wishes posi-
tion driving delivery wagon; experience- and
city references. Address C. W., 2 Hay- '
ward st.
AA — A COACHMAN and gardener wishe3 posl- i
Ifon; experienced; uteful; milk: handy with!
. tools; sood refs. Box 3»JU7. Call. j
SALOON pcrter, middle-aged maji, beat of
. references, wishes' position In city. Box
3703. Call office.
AMERICAN farmer wants situation en ranch
'; -or private place; best reference frcm last
place. . Call or address II.. 47* Jessie st.
■ WASTED— By young man of good habits a pc- 1
t\ sition -In a general electrical plant. Box '■
■ 3C64, Call office.
A COMPETENT butler, with first-c!a«9 city |
references, wishes situation. Box StitTJ, Call.
I ELDERLY man wants work as choreman;
I wages $10 per month. Box 3609, Call." .
AN experienced road nalesmaD, traveling In
; Pacific States: for Eastern manufacturer,
wants a position with sj. F. firm by Jan. 1.
■Box :;ssi, Call office.
GERMAN, well experienced in wine and
liquors, wants work In wine cellar or liquor
store:, strictly sober ami Industrious: city or
country. IT. S.. 1074 Howard st.. room 3.
1 RELIABLE, trustworthy man wishes a pcsl-
: tion . as collector: references, security and
I salary to employer's satisfaction. Box 2S"7
1 Call office.
GERMAN, middle-aged, single, speaks Eng-
Jlt-h, wants any kind of work. Box 3851
.;..-• '
FIRST-CLASS painter, polisher and paper-
; hanger ivants position by month or year
, :, VEITH, 718 V, Grove st. \ .
AN A 1 bass singer, young man. can reach low
. C and D, wishes to join a good quartet. Ad-
; drers A. ENGEL. 254 TurK st.
A' SCANDINAVIAN man and wife want any
": kind ■ of * work, single or together. • but ■ no
cooking;, smali wages. ; Box 3S31. Call office.
I GERMAN . (22) wants position of any kind-
typewriter; speaks' Spanish. French and
,'. English. Box ' 3S51. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED German ; , wants . position as
'.:■■• porter or Janitor.' Address box 3052. ; Call.
CARPENTER, non-union. experience^irT Ttore
j- ' fixtures, wants work. ■' Box 3655,'. Call. "
I WANTED-rPositlon- by. man from the East;
country preferred. Box ; 393u, Call' of flee:
EMPLOYMENT WANTED—^Iale— COT
ELDERLY^ macr^wUheTi situation In privat.
. family: Is handy at racst anything; can taki
care of invalid; go*.d home considered mon
than wages; by letter. CHARLES bTELN
700. Ellls_ st^ __. r
WANTED^By snber, reliable," trustworthy
honest man, j with good moral habits am
references; position as bartender; long ex-
perience: no object as to salary, want steadj
•work. Box 221O. Can office.' "
BASEMENT hall, yard, otflce or buildlnf
(leaning wanted by young Janitor: day, weel
• or-month. ge»«ral-er private. MARRS CON
HOY. 13G Third st.
COMPETENT young porter and packer
stranger In city, wishes any kind of em
ploym«nt, general or private; - must hav<
wt>ri:; give me trial. Box 3C54, Call.
AS attendant. In the near future, to invalid c:
mental patient by competent, reliable mal«
nur*e and masseur; references. Box otw,
Call office. ;
POSITION of any kind, milking exotpted. car-
pentering preferred, tools on hami. city ci
outside, by elderly German-American. Boa
W.. 3653. Call. __.
BAKER, with experience wants position on
bread or cakes; city or country: can giv«
references. Address WILLIAM R. JANT-
ZEN. 844 Mission St. -
FRENCH couple, .both first-class cooks, desire
position in family, club or hctel; city or
| country; references. CHAS. S, 11 Hopeton
terrace.
A YOUNG Japanese boy, gentle and honest,
wishes position as a half-day work or school-
boy: speaks English. T. WATANABE. 807
Pollc st.. city.
■ SITUATION wanted by thoroughly experienced
■ Japanese butler, who arrived from Eastern
country; has good reference. REM.' up-
stairs. 407 Post st. ,
JAPANESE, experienced in both cooking 'and
hcusework, desires rosltlon as school boy or
housework. Address HENRY HATANAKA.
J25SA O'Farrell »t.
A JAPANESE good cook wants position In re-
spectable family; city or country. Call or
address 708 Taylor st.
WANTED — A position by Japanese schoolboy
In city or vicinity. FRANK OGAWA. 744
Post st. ■
A JAPANESE boy wants work as porter; sa-
loon or store. Address H. ONO. 4 Central
place.
JAPANESE gocd boy wants position as school-
boy. K. TAN. 322J4 O'Farrell st.
A/ JAPANESE wants a position to do plain
cooking and housework. F. HARA, 113 Eddy.
A CHINESE first-class cook wishes position,
hotel or boarding house. Address M. CHEZ,
906 Clay »t.
A NICE and young Chinese cook wishes a
position In family. 1228 Stockton st.
EuagMA CUBS.
$1CO FREE for any case of eczema, salt rheum
or barber Itch that I can't cure; a trial
treatment free. DR. BROWN. 54 Sixth, st.
rxxTAzrciAXh
THE REALTY SYNDICATE.
Capital paid In $4,600,000 00
Surplus 940,101 S3
Issues
Six per cent v
Investment CertlfleatM
At par.
Office — No. 14 Sansora* St..
San Francisco. Cal. -, '•'.''
COMPANIES formed; mining or patents; stock
raid: strong Eastern connections: advice free.
Wrlt» A. F. HARASZTHY. 522 Crossley bldg.
FOB. SAjHS— I FJJByijHEa.
COMPLETELY furnished 7-room sunny modern
:lat. including new sewing machine. Sohmer
piano, for sale on account of death in fam-
U>. 632 Cole St.. near Golden Gate Park;
opc-n 2 to 4; rent reasonable.
FURNITURE anil carpets the best: almost
new; half value. Call and see. 1726 Page
St.; :1a t modern an-J sunny, for rent.
___^ FIATS TO LET.
A— HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list;
service absolutely free: take advantage of
this deoartment: It will save you time and
troubl;. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-59 Geary
St., 011 the square.
COTTAGES, houses and flats to let: every de-
sirable vacant place In San Francisco on
our lists; service absolutely free: let us find
you a place; come In ard let us know what
rent you want to pay and the locality: "we
do tbe rest." Sterling Furniture Company.
1CC9 Market st.. opp. McAllister.
SIX elegant sunny new flats, cor. Sacramento
st. jind First ave.: 5, tf. 8 rooms; rent $23,
$27 50. $30, $.12 00, $37 50; open from 10 a.
m. to 5 P. m.
NOE. 1052. corner Elizabeth — Sunny corner up-
per flat: new; 6 rooms and bath: modern Im-
provements; convenient to 24th-Castro cars.
SA Nt'HEZ, NW. cor. Elizabeth, nr. 24th—
New upper flat. 6 rooms, bath; sun all day;
all modern Improvements: reasonable.
AN e?e;ant new sunny flat, 7 rooms; choice
neighborhood. 174& Stainer st., near Sutter.
CASTKO, 423, nr. 17th — Sunny, modern, middle
flat. 7 rms.. bath, basement: fine view; $30.
FLAT, 3 rooms; bath: gas; rent $12. 4 Avery
St., off Geary, nr. Flllmore.
SUNNY modern middle flat. 7 rooms and bath.
640 Fell st.. near Webster.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
on LYON & HOAG. lift Montgomery st.
. FLAT 3 WAITED.
FLAT of 0 or 7 rooms, bath, basement: from
3d to Sth. nr. Market.' Address 656 Jessie.
FUBKXTT7BS WASTES,
"WE'LL GET YOUR BUSINESS"— We pay
the most money for furniture, carpets, office
fitting!?, merchandise and houses. MARK J.
LEVY AUCTION <X>.. 1321 MarV/»t St.. be-
tween 9th and 10th.- Phone South 17».
ABE LEVY, ~
Salesroom, 1133 Market st. Tel. Jessie 761.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
niture, etc., until you get his estimate.
WILL pay 20 p**.cent more for furniture than
dfalers or will Fell on commission. L. H.
BURD. auc. 1636 Market: phone Jessie 2336.
CALL on Alfred Wollpert. 773 Mission st.. be-
. fore selling your furniture. Phone Red 4462.
rUBKITUBE FOB SALE.
HENRY MAYER pays hlrhest prices for fur-
niture, cairets. c tc. 782 M s*l( n; tel. Bjsh 813.
THE handwim? pieces of a new flat; must selL
Calt IQCil llaight st. ; phone Park 389.
HELP WANTED — FEMAlfii
A LADY'S maid, with references, wages $3oT~
A housemaid, with experience. $30. ' * -
A nurse for 2 children, wa*e3 $30, *see lady
lieip at 10 this morning.
A nurse fcr one baby. ?20.
nurse for one grown v ch!Mj $23.
A gocd second girl. c^-y. $3i>.
A t-hanabermnld and seamstress. $30.
A Scandinavian cook for 3 in family $35
A *e?ond xlrl, 2 In family, $30. '
A I'c.uyemald for " in family, $30.
,12 good heusf.work girls at $25 and $30
-MISS PLUNKETT8. 425 Sutter st. near
Powell.
I TIIK rtOMATNE-SHIRK REGISTER RENT
1 ING & ADV. CO., 6lLM;i:i Grant bldg
[ Seventh and Market sts.: phore South 104 "
I Waitresses?, Southern falifornla. $23.
i Waitresses., commercial hctel. north $25
I Waitress. 'city hotel, $1*7. . -
; SHlcs>ladle^- Oakland, SO week.
J ' Finishers on waists; good pav.
• 4 girls, general housework. $20 and $25.
\ Waitresses wanting to go south call and
j leave vour addresjes.
I Three girls, count tags. ■ $G week. ,
A COOK. $.». 2 in family; -cook and second
girl. SCO and .<25. one in family; nurse and
second girl. $30 and ?2.*>. San Rafael: 2 cooks
German style. $30: " second girls. $25: house-
keeper, one lady. $20. MRS. NORTON, 5CS
i!/non st.
• WANTED— Young women to traiy for nurslne
I, in ; hospital;-' reference. Apply room 20
I Abrahamson bldff.. Mth and Washington sta '
Oakland: call Wednesday and Thursday'
! 11 a. tn.
WANTED— Young woman, general housework
Rnod cook;-Janan?f<! assistant: family of ••
no washing. Phone to-day. ,Pa'rk 474.
IIADY to travel; $15 weekly. ROBERT«fr7
1130 Market St.. room 45.
GIRT* general housework, small family S^r:
,0-12 a. m.; carfare. 2SS1 Sacramento* st7 '
WANTED— Young girl to assist light housei
work. 7r.5 McAHister st. -
PANTS finisher wanted at 150 New Mont-
pomery st.'. . room 16. top floor.
■TALENTED amateur ■ performers.- Apply «i
Chutee. 6 p. m. Wednesday; salary no object
55H^^H^5533!j5H A i!E : -c ca t laafta .
COOK, small restaurant! JuT^^rr T •■
icatessen. SI0; cook for ,!?; *?>*■ •*
house. XX: L* German cockVt",, boar 'lins-
wife. ranch. $.'*; cook for eoutS\JSf .*=*
2 nursesir!-. $J0; upstair, „ '' **■
stress. ?20; :5 second girls. «:<) •£? ," c - am -
housework girls. $.:0; 2 waitr^s*. iV-° : '
waitress. $35: waitress, country ho.., iJ) e>l1
French second girl and nurse $25 *~ 30:
large number of housework z'V'.. m Aaa *
country, at $20. $25. S;x>. " CD ,, C . U » **<!
CROSETT & CO.. 3U4 Sutter st. J ' F '
A— WANTED— Girls to lea™~hal^~7---
manlcuring. etc.; trade taught fro-, » ,,■;
la 2 weel:s : tulticn $5 to those ent.r'nr n &
3 positions to fill Immediately 'boVm '
guaranteed at $10 week up; sol* m5=5I
school of Its kind on coast; day and .v
Ing classes. 2^:; Geary St., room 13. a "
WANTED — Girls to learn m:i!lnery~ n3w f ~
spring season; both seasons taught frora ra »
to finish in one month for $5; position* »
' trimmers, falesladfes. makers, guaranteed at
$10 per week up; 7 positions to be filled h»
first of year. Parlors 143 Stockton st.. r. \J
A— PACIFIC College teaches hairdreisiaJ
manicuring, electric massage, etc.; g:x iourt"
practice a day; guarantees positions ; O n' T
recognised college of its- kind on coast; day
and evening classes; all parlor work at r«.
duced prices. 133 Powell st.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS ON OVER.
ALLS. JUMPERS AND COATS; NO EX-
PERIENCE NECESSARY; STEADT WORK;
GOOD PAT. LEVI STRAUSS A CO.. K'^
FREMONT ST. MR. DAVIS.
UT OAKLAND. COR. 10TH ANT> CLAY ST3..
BEWINO MACHINE OPERATORS OM
OVERALLS: NO EXPERIENCE NECES-
BART; STEADT WORK: GOOD PAT.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.
ATTENTION, ladles— Earn $20 per 100 wTitlai
short letters from copy. Address stamped en-
velope for particulars. MODERN SPECIAL-
TY COMPANY. Allegan. Mich.
WANTED — Chocolate dipper: $10 to $12 pe»
week. Apply KELLER CANDT CO.. Oak.
land, office 477 Seventh st.
LADIES for steady home employment: $S sn1
$12 weekly. Emm* Spreckels bldg.. 027 Mar-
ket st.. room 618.
HELP WA1TTETJ — MAX»E.
THE ROMA YN- SHIRK REGISTER RENT-
ING & ADV. CO. 612-613 Grant bid*..
Cor. 7th and Market. South 104.
Two Al Jewelry salesmen, $100.
Dentist, all-around man, $140.
Druggist. Al man. $75 start.
Three Al shoe salesmen, $16 week.
Champagne salesman. $10O.
Al entry clerk, city place. $60.
Clerk, socks and neckwear, $40.
AMERICAN COMMERCIAL BUREAU.
Conducted on Strictly Business Principles.
Positions secured for
Office men. Bookkeepers.
Stenographers. Collectors.
Traveling salesmen. ~«eountant*.
Office managers, Railroad clerks.
Law office clerks. Hotel clerks.
General office men In all lines of business.
308 Starr King bldg.. 121 Geary st.
POSITIONS GUARANTEED ~~"
To high-grade men who can furnish Indisput-
able testimony of ability and Integrity. W«
will Investigate your references free of charge.
Our commission Is payable only when we hav*
succeeded In securing you a suitable position.
We conduct a fair and strictly legitimate
basinets, thereby merltlar the entire confi-
dence of the business world. COMMERCIAL
CLEARANCE CO.. 415 Starr King building.
121 Geary at.
MERCHANTS and manufacturers deatrtng to
employ commercial travelers are rsquesteri
to communicate with the secretary of th*
Pacific Coast Commercial Travelers' Associa-
tion. 416 Market st.. San Francisco. C«J.
W*.NTKl> — Typewriter and shorthand; for ecn- A
struction. R. R. Co.. as assistant offlc**
clerk, one accustomed to such work V* —
ferred. $40 and beard, country: farmer and
wife, $30 and found: poultryman and wlf%
$50 and found: boy for grocery: and other*.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 623 Sacrament® st.
' AT HORD * SMITH'S. "
Contractors' Agents. »5 Third rt.
Teamsters, Bay shore. $2. ■ ,
Solicitor. te\ and coffee, big Inducements.
Man fcr dy« works, experienced. $20.
WANTED— Bookkeeper In wholesale hous*:
enly one with previous experience wanted:
salary to commence. $73; give ag«. experi-
ence and references. Box 36C6, Call office.
BOY. 1* years: must be of gcol appearan--*
and furnish reference. S. N. WOOD St CO .
740 Market st.
WANTED— One or two men to learn * trade:
must have $10 for security; no Sunday work.
Call 212 First st.
TWO-CHAIR barber shop to b« sold by t>.<*
1st: corner Fourth and Minna; $75. Sea
DECKELMAN BROS.
4-CHAIR barber shop for »«!•; cfjar stani
and laundry; owner going East. 21S Mor.t-
gomery ave.
SNAP; barber shop for sale: choice: Mark»t
st. See COLEMAN. r. SC6. Mutual Bank
bull-ling.
WANTED— First-class barber; steady. App'./
8 Post st.
BARBER wanted: evenings; $3. Inquire
Call office.
MAN wanted to take care hors«: must car*
ref. Orphan Asylum. Central ave.-Waller st.
GOOD- SIZED boy to work tn shoe store. Ap-
ply 410 Kearny st.
ERRAND boy wanted. 503 Kearny st.. rocm 2.
LUNCft waiter wanted. 239 First st.
GOOD-PAYING 10c barber shop for sale; trial
given. 225»i Fifth Bt.
GOOD shop for sale: 2 '•hairs: ?. living rooms:
snap: call at once. 1547 Mission st.
MEN — The only original Moler Barber CbTles*
teaches barber trade In 8 weeks: wages
earned while learning. .
New quarters and new appliance*.
Call or write fcr Illustrated catalogue.
Moler Barber College. 640 Sacramento st.
lately moved from Clay »t.
PLEASANT faced, fine appearing registered
physician and surgeon: must be quite gray,
but active: positively no other: no traveling:
salary $200 or more when well started. Call
at 25 Third st.
WANTED— Educated gentleman to visit small
towns tr» write short articles for EasterV
magazine: $10C0 rer year; local re'st r»-
qnlred. Box 4C0O. Call office. _
WANTED— Men to prepare for railway mail.
Internal «revenue and costom-house positions:
free catalogue. Pacific Correspondence Insti-
tute. Grant bldg.. !"&> Market; open «vg»
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, has
added loo new rooms to the Denver Housp.
." 217 Third st. ; 230 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
GET your shoes half-soled while wafting: 23o
to 60c. 071 Mission st.. bet. I«t and 2d sts..
or 11 Third St.. Examiner building.
WANTED— Men to fill 350 rooms at 2Cc per
night: clothes closets, hair mattresses. el«<--
tric light tn every room. 6S1 Howard, nr. 3t!.
TRY our men's shoVs. union made; $1 and $1 50
pair: foot-form sh^^s, $2 50; we pay expre«»
charges. 11 31 St.. Exam, bid.: open till 0 p.m.
BOY about 15 for men's furnishing store;
German preferred. 42* Kearny st.
FOR SALE— 3-chalr barber shop. Call 804
Folsom. st.
GILL ETTS school Is the place to learn th»
barber trade. «11 Commercial st.
TWO men to learn the barber trade: abs*»
lutely frre. 751 Mission ft...
WANTED — Young man to work for his tuitio*
• In 3. F. Earber " School. 741 Howard st.
BARBER shop; must be sold by 1st; hav»
other business. 729 Mission st.
WANTED— A second-hand Ice plant, lrnmedl-
ately. Box tfiOS. 1003 Market st.
SAILORS and yourg men (green hands) for
ships. IIALLBERT. 517 Jackson st.
MEN to learn the detective business: paii
while learning. B07 Market st.. room 104.
MKN wanted at 1:57 Sd st.. where shces sre_re-
paired by machinery: sewed soles 10 min.. 7.V.
LABOR debts collected: suits, attachment-.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 32S Montgy.. r. US.
PENSION atty.. E. A. F.utlia. r. 40. Phelan bM.
' Past Com; Geo. II. Thomas Post. G. A. H.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms; .Tic night: reading rooms.
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ALL size* men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 671 Mission St., bet. 1st and M «»■WITH EVERY SMALL AD, IN THE SUNDAY CALL-FK,EiE
' BC^LPJVrA^TElB— MAiEj— Ccntkmed^
Mi •l.KAV «i HEAiJV.^tlUJ-i^'i Clay St.
fUc.v.c Main 6S4S.
THE BIGHT OF MAX To LIVE: THE
IU<;!1T OV MAN TO WORK.
•' Leituinx ttmpiojnaeat acd Labor Agents.
. ;\\e cave in 1&03 1*04 we hoi* to
UCt,O0w rr.en work. Increase 00,000.
. ' MIXEKS.
.: machine miners, eood mine, $30.
S 6iillm«kers. city Job. $2 SO to $4 day.
- - COOK AND WIFE.
,.^ook and wire us Prrt find second, country
restaurant, .*Su cvd found.
. -Mi. her iind wl:<\ t*orta£Ue*e. Alameda Coun-
*y. iio and round.
PAUiiS AND DAIRIES.
10 Unn huiida. rancli itiir.Ftera. S milkers,
" chcrtmen ana chort-Vx>y.«. city and country.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
. '■"ocks, vaitrrs and kitchen hands, bellboys
■and elevator beys.
l>ye.r and cleaner, country job.
BOOKKEEPLMl. COUNTRY STORE.
'. T?ookkwifCr. country trocFry Ftere. S*> to 40
'. ■ j^ars, teed r^-f*rer.ccs required, $75. ,
MIXERS.
<;OLI> CfTARTZ MINE.
. C f-%i-d nAvcrs. suod-Ct>If min-. $7."i. fcot«?l
. • aco:.n-.ir.odatior.s, no blankets nopdel.
0BEOO-*. COAL MINERS. OREGON.
OREGON.
10 eat! miners fcr a good m;no by contracts;
"big money can b» made on this Job.
Fare Kefundei. Fare Ttefunded.
BESCH HAND.
*3#Sch hand, country planing mill. $3 BO dsy.
Man to run restaurant, good opening.
• MTRHAY A Ri:.»,Dy, 634-C36 Clay St.
> • MINERS^-GCLD MINTS.
■' 13 hand drera. |75.
FOREMAN.
Jbeeaan for a tf'.tch 6*ng. $50 and found.
, • Milk wagen flrtTer. near cltr, $4P and found. |
CoCk'tud wife, rr.lr.e boarding-house. $50 id.
'i -.- MTRRAT A READY. «34-6T.« Cl»y st.
Co^k. far* 11 £0, $14 week.
. S boy», answer phone. $4 to $5 week. I
Boy. drive delivery wagon, $9 week.
LOOK.
'Harness cleaner. $w.
*. S fmgWT washers. $60.
8 hosUem. $60.
• -Cnatnoiser. $60.
. 6 firaper teamsters. $C0.
Milker fare $3 &0, fSO end found.
MURRAY A READT. 634-636 Clay »C
wanted!
•" . . A copy of each labor union by-
laws. Any dlEgusted union man
obliging ue with same will confer
■ ttlBGl'S'l'Kl) & great benefit to himself and
T'XIOIt MEN thousands of others in similar
condition. We do not aek you to
sljrn your name. Just send by-
MUPJU.Y & 'READY. 634-636 Clay at.
A "BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
' - tlcn cf advertisements and subscriptions has
' been opened at 1008 Market et.. opposite
• Fifth. Open until 11 p. in.
.ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Ca!l branch office, cor. Duncan end Church.
. -. soi.icrroH,s wasted.
WANTED — Ladies or gentlemen to solicit.
Call at room 30. Winchester Hotel.
• gQBSES AXB WAO02T8.
FIRE tale— Vehicles of all descriptions elighUy
damaged by fire, smoke and water, to be sold
ti a sacrifice during next 6 days at O'BRIEN
Sr BOSS'. SCO Gclden Gate ave.
THE Quarterly bulletin of S. F. Veterinary Col-
lege new :■ iy mailed free upon application
- 1 \o DR. E. J. CREELT. Pres., 610 Golden Gate.
PTTS. buggies. BUlieva, rub. -tire runabout, ex-
_ Press wg-cun; cheap. 100 Golden Gate ave.
FIX -wrrk hors*s. weighing from 1200 \o 1300.
• , Produce market. 1R5 Valencia et.
CARLOAD gentle buplness buggy and ll\*ery
horse*. E. STEWART & CO.. 220 Valencia.
. r*OR sale— 10 eecend-han express wagons, one
e!r.gle truck. 233 Beale st.
AUCTION sale of horses, wagons and harness
Wednesday at 11 a. m. 827 Sixth st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Cal£
16 "pases. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
EOUSZa^TO^ZiST.
A— POINTED Mst of houeeg to~letTXend~ror"clr-
• cclax. OH. L'MBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery.
" UNFTRNIFHED or partly furnished home;
Presidio Height*; 8 rooms and bath. Box
7o7. Call office.
HOJ'FE 8 rooms and bath Inquire 129
■■' JZ-jay ft.
, HOUSES TO LET — rUKKTSBTED.
BARTLETT. «3i— Furnished 4, S or 9 rooms;
2 lo 4 p. m.
• _L™ , gQTEia.
HOTEL BALTIMORE. 1015 Van Ness ave.—
This fir»t -class hotel, now being conducted on
. American plan, especially for families for the
tetton cr -year. Location is unsurpassed. The
»c.uljimeets are all modern, with every con-
venience. The rooms are large. 6unny and
comfortable; superb view; furnishings are all
♦Jetrant. Culelr.e hlrh^t order. H. C. SHAN.
.■■>TON, manager, formerly of Hotel Langh&m.
NVt Tork. end Mowna Hotel. Honolulu.
__ nrgTAxraaxirr bttu^dxvg.
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY. '
Installment homes. S12 Callaghan building,
. will- buiid on your property or buy you a lot;
-K a month pays principal and interest on
each $1000 of balance due, making your tn-
>;«J'.TT!er.tg lera than rent: wend for circular.
nrVXSTMEgTS.
&ARCONI Wireless stock, as also any other
s*curity at barcEln prices; write me your
*wacti; iry service unequaled in the West;
.prompt end satisfactory. E. OOWPER-
THV.'AITE. etocktotl. Cs.1.
I.OST AJD POTTBTP.
.LQBT — At the ferry building, about « o'clock
.Friday nlgbt, a taedium sized leather value;
. the contents are only va'.ual.ie to the owner.
A reward of $10 will be paid a.r.d no ques-
. • -tlocs asked for the return of the valise to
room Cl. Chronicle building. Saa Francisco.
LOST — A past master's MmcbIo Jewel. «n De-
cember 25; inscription on back. Suitable re-
■-ward will be j.aM on returning came to
GEORGE I>. DARUNO. 114 Post St.. or
8251 Twenty -first at. ■- ■' .
LOST— Between 11 and 11:30 Monday r.lrht at
■ E'.xteenth and Mission, lady's brown alligator
• purse; finder may keep money; purse was
vsdued as keepsake. Please return it and
keys' to 960 Haight ct.
t£0 REWARD, no questions asked, tor return
of s>Ulg&tor grip dropped from Miesloa-et- car
• ftaturdsy afternoon. Dec. 24. Return same to
. 1SZ3 California, et. after 9 a, m. and receive
reward.
lX>6T — Sunday afternoon. Dee. 11, at beach.
south cf Park, black Scotch collie bitch.
Suitable reward If returned to 1226 Forty-
" Plinth are.. Boulevard station, or for infor-
mation of whereabouts.
•LOST — Bunch of keys, on Mason St., bet. Val-
)«Jo bid £acrazsento, or on Powell st. car
day. I '.-turn to 1527 Mason St.;
reward.
' LOST — Near Fourth and Market; ladles' gold
hurting case watch; fleur de Its pattern with
brooch; reward. W. K. B.. box 307. Vallejo.
Cal. .
' I/WT — A Roman gold -bead necklace, on Broad-
"•«■".■-.>• bet. Baker and Devisadero; suitable re-
ward at 27S3 Pine st.
lV*f?T — Saturday, purse on Folsom or Fourth
*t. car. from Folsom and Ninth to City of
• Parlt; reward. Phone Howard 821.
LOST — Stag- horn toilet eet on steamer B«rke-
. :-y: H. HARRISON. 2124 Pacific ave..
Alaxr.eda. ' .
IX>ST— Ooia fcer Hn with etone setting and
paid *»ar attached; reward. 112 Deulah st.
fc'OCND— Levy's belt and purs*. Call for earns
_j-t iC<3 Filbert st.. Oakland.
IiAIiyCHES FOB HIKE.
'' A. McNElLL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
■ n.j. tor pleasure and business; tel. Bui>h 534.
_ KATTKESSE^ATO PITJiOWS.
To order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
mcessj; excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
y.ROE.. lV.2-i'A Howard Ft.; phone South 210.
MjG.DICA.il.
2-aDIEF who are in trouble or eufferlng from
any ailment peculiar to their e*x can find
immediate relief 'by consulting Dr. White
Uie only graduate pnytlcian in San Francisco
who hae devoted a lifetime to helping women-
JT years' experience without a failure has
; at him at the bead. He guarantees relief or
' r.o cay.
Market at., rooms 7 and 8.
: U. G W. O*D0NNELL— All who are sick or
• n trouble consult this specialist on female
««npl«lnts; poctiveiy corrected; the unfortu-
■ riate hrtped; the mo*t difficult cases treated;
• . 'very case taken: Immediate relief; no poi-
►oclriK drugs; icw fee«: my methods will cure
•"1 c*«* at irregularity; by consulting me
","• t'n--e and nvm^y. eflvice free. Office.
*R8. DH. ALLEN, ladles' erecUUist. removed
-rein lug Market to R38 Mirsion st.. near
'"lijth; home in confinement; 25 years' expe-
™»ce; beet medical attention; low lees.
Free to Small Ad Patrons of
The Plum Pudding we. offer our Small Ad patrons this week is a rich and delicious confec-
tion made by the Chicago firm of Libby, McNeill & Libby, the famous packers.
Some of these Puddings were given out to our patrons last week after the regular supply
advertised was exhausted and we have heard many words of commendation spoken for this Pudding
by those who tried it; *
Free to Ai\y Person Presenting a Small Ad....
THURSDAY, FRIDAY or SATURDAY
FOR— — —
CALL BUSINESS OFFIGE* THIRD and MARKET STS.
OAKLAND OFFICE - - - - 1016 BROADWAY
MEDICAL— Continued.
LADIES — Possibly I'm not the cheap*«t nor yet
the oldest specialist here, but I AM a RE-
LIABLE graduate physician. When in trou-
ble coaflde In me. Irregularities relieved;
the unfortunate helped; I promise best atten-
tion and no danger; I guarantee prompt re-
fulti or no charge. Room 1. Est. 14 years.
DR. E. G. WEST, office 305 Kearny st.
DRS. GOODWIN hae returned from Europe;
ectab. 1884 in S. F.; 20 years' experience;
female complaints only; Drs. Goodwin is well
known to enjoy the implicit confidence of la-
dles euffering from irregularities or other
conditions: relief assured or no charge; avoid
delay; fe* low; hours 2 to 4 and 6:30 to 8:30
p. m. 850 Market et.. second floor, room 37.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008% Market st., opp. 5th.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities; instant relief
- guaranteed ; 30 years' experience. 944 Post st.
LADIES suffering from irregularities, sick or
in trouble, consult Dr. Sylvester. 219 Kearny;
relief guaranteed; waste no time with drugs.
TALBOT BARNARD, Australian Nerve Spe-
cialist, has arrived; limited number patients
treated home; consultation free. 3221 21st st.
Experts, maiseur and masseuse, by hour; rheu-
matism, neuralgia relieved instantly. SS5d,Call
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1220 Market.
DR ROSEN residence 2935 Folsom st.. corner
26th; ladle*, relief or no fee: $10.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOE SALE.
AN easy way to give Christmas presents with-
out straining your puife: Select anything
from our large stock of diamonds, watches,
Jewelry, cut-class, silverware, gold and rllver,
umbrellas, etc.: deliver you the goods on first
payment; the balance In email installments;
no charge for" engraving; call in and exam-
ine our goods UNITED LOAN- AND TRUST
CO., 21 Stockton st., near Market Phon«
Bush 484.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Hare you a leaky tin, shingle, felt or iron
roof? Cover It with Mastic Roofing. It Is best
for eld and new roofs, and for valleys, glitters,
decks, balconies, etc. - Mastic Roof Paint and
Roofing Cement will stop rmall leaks. Write
us about it Elaterlte Roofing Co., 713 Market.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale et.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-tiand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont »t.
FOR sale^ — Complete furnishings of an XJfflce
for the treatment of hair and scalp, includ-
ing electric 'drier just purchassd. Apply
room 531. Starr King bulldlna.
X BUYS, sells or rents rear machinery, en-
gines boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. " WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear St.
FOR sale— One good harness. $5; young rab-
bits 2Sc; English bull pugs, $5; to kind lady
' of means only. 1112 Twenty-fourth st.
REPUTABLE place to rent gents' full dress.
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits. J. COOPER,
21 Stockton st. (formerly at Palace Hotel.)
TRY our men's shoes at 51 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form sKoes at 1 $2 60; we pay express
' charges. 11 3d St.. Exam. bid. ; catalog free.
DIAMONDS and J*we!ry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'S. 137 Mont-
gomery et.. room 12; upstairs. >
AN elegant sealskin, good as new, only $70.
UNITED LOAN AND TRU6T CO.. 21 Stock-
ton s^secondfloor^ ' .
PURCHASER for complete set of unused Ca-
nadian jubilee stamps. Box 86C5, Call.
HANDSOME long Isabella bear boas; also
white fox; present; sell cheap. 1006 Haight.
WIDOW* "will sell husband's watch and dia-
mond chain cheap. 131 Montgomery, rm. 9.
TOWEY'S furniture polish removes spots and
stains; free delivery. 370 Fell st.
SAFES and cash registers; new and second-
hand. I FREEMAN. 1325 Market st.
2D-HAVD bldg. material; lumber, door, sash,
plumb, material. The Dolan Co.. 1607 Market.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co. ■ S07 Mission St.; tel. South 811.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale.. rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
fi\FES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MAN'N SAFE CO.. 307 Battery s^
ROOMS pc*per*d. $4 op; tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 Third; tel. Main 413.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 2S, 1904.
1HSCEI.I.A.NXOTJS — TOE SA.UE2— Con.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. 3. E. DOAK, 46 Fremont st.
MISCELI.A.NEOX78 WAKT8.
AAAAAA—BUYS any amount good second-hand
clothing; special price for fancy ladies' and
men's clothes. 922 Folsom; tel. Folsom 3522.
AAAAA— Highest prices for ladles', gents' oast-.
off clothing. Tel. Davis 825. e50 Sacramento at.
INVENTORS dcslrious of selling or borrowing
money on.the.lr patents, call at United Loan
and Trust Co., 21 Stockton et., 2d floor; phone
Bush 4S«.
DIAMONDS and precious stones bought for
cash. KARL EBER & CO.. r. 406. Adams
bldg. 206 Keamy st.; phone Black 3038.
TO 1JOAIT.__
AAAAA— A CONFIDENTIAL and reputabls
. place to borrow money on the following:
Salaries.
Life Insurance policies. . .
Chattel mortgages.
' Undivided Interests. *
Goods In bond.
Legacies.
Second and third mortgages. *
Estates in probate.
Life estates. *■•
Rents.
Special department for loan* to Iadleu on
• their notes.
Private offices for ladles and gentlemen.
UNITED LOAN AND TRUST CO..
21 StocKton st., near Market,
m 2d floor. Phone Bush 484.
AAAA — THE Portland Jewelry Co. will make
you very liberal .loans on your diamonds,'
sealskin or any valuables at the low rate of
two (2) per cent per month; if you do not
wish to call, phone us (phone Bush 484) and
the manager of our loan department will call
on you; all business strictly confidential
25 8TOCKTON BT., NEAR MARKET.
Private offices at 21 Stockton «t., 2d floor.
N. B. — The only loan office west of New
York that has a fire and burglar proof vault
on the premises; free use of eame to all cus-
tomers.
—MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (Inc.)—
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
....INTEREST B% AND 6 PER CENT....
CITY, OAKLAND TOWN AND COUNTRY
PROPERTY :
Second mortgages, life Insurance policies, es-
tates in probate, undivided Interests in prop-
erty, probate realty loans, stocks and bonds,
legacies and undivided Interests in property
. purchased.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
Suite 107-108 Crocker bldg.; prone Main 6024.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY~ ' i
601-6O2-6O:i Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments. ;
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property' in trust,
eto. ; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money,
Sea HERMAN MURPHY.
~ WILL LOAN ■ 7~~
A reasonable amount oo
1st. 2d or 3d
Mortgages, on real estate.
In city, town or country.
low rate of interest.
OJve full nartlculars
■ of property.
Location, eto.
Box 223. Call office.
SALARY LOANS— *
Money loaned salaried people without seeur-
j ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake. 453 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds,- jewelry, at 2
j>er cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
978 Market: tel. Main 1044. Branch 1192
Market and 27 Third.
A — ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal; no publicity; also on real estate;
1st or 2d mortgages or on any security; any
amount. O. W. BECKER, 36 Geary, room 88.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business in 40
t principal cities. TOLMAN, 553 Parrott bldg. '
ANY amount quickly on furniture* or piano
without removal; other security; , fairest
rates; strictly confidential; no commis. Na-
tional Credit Co., 606 Donohoe bid., 8 Taylor.
MONEY to loan at low. interest: gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'B. 10 Sixth rt..
PRIVATE^ — Money loaned on salaries without
security; diamonds ■ or chattels; no fee;' no
com.; cut rate. Cal. Loan Co.. 523 Parrott bid. '
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos: no removal;
. no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
private, confidential. 26 Montgomery, rm. 21.
..^^Mt^STJTCM^Agr-^^atln^dL^^^^
TO salaried people without security. The White
Co., 420 California St., rooms 14 and 15.
SALARIED people on note. 8. F. DISCOUNT
AGENCY. 125-127 . Phelan bldg. Private.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches, jewelryl
confd. Diamond Parlor Jewelry Co., 722 Mkt.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
us. Hutton Credit Co., 012 Mutual Bank bldg.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 811. Mutual Sav. Bk. bids.
ALL loans on diamonds <fc jewelry at 2 per oent
mo. B. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 533 Kearny.
2% ON furniture &. pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN, room 81, 6 Eddy st.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorser. MORRELL. GCO Examiner building.
MUSICAL INSTBITMEirr8.
A BUNCH OfTbaRGAINS. — —~~
1 Haake $38; 1 Decker, $48; 1 Stoddard. $110j
1 Fischer, $125.
ALSO
1 Sterling, 1 Steln-way, 1 Curtas, 1 Vose, 1
Weber. 1 Haines, and .many others. Easy pay-
ments. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 18 O'Far-
rell st. ...
A GREAT i opportunity — We are closing out
- our entire Seattle stock In S. F. at prices
never heard of before; all make*;, your
terms are our terms; rents $2 up: allowed tf
purchased. HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237
Geary, st.. B. F. ; Oakland, 1252 Broadway.
PARTY must sell large Stelnway upright; cost
$700;, price .$285; will accept payments; no
reasonable cash offer refused. 237 Geary st.
BEAUTIFUL new. upright pianos for rent $3
per month; one year's rental allowed if pur-
: chased. SCOTT-CURTAZ, 560 Hayes st.
$60 UPRIGHT; one $30 upright; one good
square, $20. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister st
A SMALL Stelnway upright; cost $500; $185
takes It. 237 Geary st.
FISCHER upright; cost $330; will sell for $96.'
237 Geary st.
ELEGANT uprights.new & 2d- hand, $45 to $500.
Plerce's Piano Factory. Market and 14th sts. ,
'BOHMEU. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecellan piano
, player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
' ments. . SCHMITZ & CO., 16 McAllister st v
3- PEDAL Steinway up; Chlekerlng baby grand;
■ Shonlnye-r. little u«e<J. Keeffe'*. 285 0'Farrell.
. OrnCEB AlfD 3T0BE8 TO LET.
STORE to lease at 111 Ellis st. Apply at
1 barber shop. • -
•
Fifteen day rate will riow be given by MME.
GILLINGHAM: a lady 72 years of age with
wrinkles and pufftness removed from one aide
of the face can be seen dally; write for book-
let". • 143 Stockton' st., cor.. Geary.
SPECIAL BETWEEN SEASON LOW RATE3
this week for facial beautifying; a face with-
out a wrinkle with the ; contour and fresh
color of youth may be had through my
fdentlflc treatment: consultation and book-
let free. M. ELLA HARRIS. 128 Geary st
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves itsgrowth',- stops falling, cures dandruff
and Itching scalp; • no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers' ;ao-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 1338 Polk
NOTICE— Any one desiring to become master
of their' own destiny 'and become an initiate
In the Cabala, for information, The Phllo-
sophical Pub. Co.. 1429 Market st
HAIR growers, j Are you using the right one?
Beet recipes and treatment for each kind of
I baldness. All 25o. Box 14. Sheepranch, Cal.
FANCY I and i silk dresses carefully • washed.
JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRY, estab.
1899. 2122 Flllmore st. ; phone Geary 2058.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHAPXE3 LYONS', London
* Tailor, 721 Market at. ;
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO., 340 Post at.- near PowelL ;
I MRS. DR. GWYER. CltA Leaven worth st: be-
! tween Geary and Q'Farrell.. Tel. East 697.
SUITS to order on Installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAU3 CO.. the tailors. 729 Market st
EASY- installments for Men and Youths., Suits
to. order. Co-operative .Tailoring, .1117 Mkt.
' $1 a week; suits to order $15 up. LEMOS, 1127
■ Market St., between Seventh and Eighth.
FEBSONALS — Continued.
• - ... i ■..-—.. ■ .1,
"REXRADIO'S wonderful HUMANIZED RA-
DIUM treatment has CURED "multitudes"
of alleged INCURABLE diseases; TESTI-
MONIALS, REFERENCES, INTERVIEWS;
hours 2 to 7; 1 Fourth, cor. Market; CIR-
CULAR/
ONE dollar weekly keeps you in fine clothing.
Art Tailoring. 1644 MkC. under St. Nicholas.
Superfluous hair removed; electric needle, Mrs.
Eaton. 369 Sutter. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, r.38.
TAILOR-MADE suit |7 00; dress pants, $3 SO.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gTay
balr to Its natural color. $1 at all druggists'.
. PHYSICIANS AND SUEQEONS.
DR. C. C. O' DONNEl£— Of flcTTnd~residenee.
1021% Market St., bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL, 1073% Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
pact (our years at 115-117 Mason st.. now lo-
- cated at 667 Geary st.. near Leaven worth.
WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor — All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES in EAR3
positively cured; new methods; one week's
treatment free.' Dr. Cottlngham. 204 gutter.
__'_. | . ' /, ' PATEKTB.
INVENTIONS patented. F.P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg.. 532 Market st.
. PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED — In S.' F. or across bay, modern 8
to 10 room residence with good view; marina
preferred; rooms mu&t be large; will pay
cash $7000 to $13.000 if suited. Box 3656. Call
PURCHASING AGENCIES. '
CLARA E. JEWETT. purchasing agent: coun-
try orders a specialty; correspondence solicit-
ed. 305 Larkln at., room 49; tel. South 319.
PKOPOSALS.
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau
. of Supplies and Accountv, Navy Department,
Washington, D. C, until 10 O'CLOCK A. M.
January 17, 1905, and publicly opened Im-
mediately thereafter, to furnish at the navy
. yards, Mare Island,. Cal.,' and Puget fc'ound,
WhkIi., as specified, a quantity of motors,
. electric wire, cable and conduit, cabinet,
. meters, circuit breakers, ammeters and mis-
cellaneous electrro material; wood fiber,
brick, dowlas linen, braid, buttons, trolleys
blocks, pipe, threading machine, screws'
locks, grommets, shackles, emery wheels and
miscellaneous hardware and hand tools;
icibriluiid, bellows and rigging leather; piles,
fir, ash and pine; copper, Iron, brass. Tobln
i bronze and steel; asbestos pipe cover, metal-
lic tubing, hose, packing, rubber, gasket,
- oxidized carbon cement, paint, tar oil, en-
gine oil, acids, beeswax, polishing paste;
pine, fittings, valves, steam, traps, radia-
tors; tinned pears, apricots, peaches, roast
beef, lima and string beans, ' corn, peas, suc-
cotash and tomatoes; evaporated apples and
- peaches, prunes, pepper, - tea, -mustard, lard,
' split peas, macaroni, beans, salt.- rice, sal-
mon; stationery, stencil paper, . water-closets,
manhole frame, winch, pump, wagons, salt
water and laundry soap, generating sets, mir-
rors, fence wire and posts. Singer sewing
I machines, valve reseating machine, drawing
Instruments, toilet paper, \ ground cork, win-
dow glass and paint brushes. Blank proposals
will be furnished upon application to the
navy pay offices, San Francisco, Cal., and
Seattle,- Wash., or to the Bureau. H. T. B.
HARRIS. Paymaster General U. S. N.
12-8-0*. .
PROPOSALS for pipe and fittings— Office De-
pot Quartermaster, 30 New Montgomery st
San .. Francisco, Cal., Dec. 20, 1904 — Sealed
■ proposals. In triplicate, subject to usual con-
ditions, will be received here until 10 o'clock
a. m.. Pacific standard time, Friday, Dec. 30,
1001, and then opened, for furnishing pipe
and flttinffs .for Camp Stotsenburg, P. i.,«
United States reserves right to accept or re-
ject nny or all proposals or any part thereof;
further Information furnished on application;
envelopes -containing proposals to be marked
' "Proposals for Pipe, etc. No. 10047" and
addressed to MAJOR C. A. DE VOL. Q. M.,
V u. S. A . Depot Quartermaster.
SEALED proposals for furnishing armor for
naval vessels will be received at the 4 Navy
Department until 12 o'clock noon, ' Thursday,
January 12,1005, when they will be publicly
opentd. Forms : of proposals and all neces-
sary Information may be obtained from the.
Chiet of the Bureau of Ordnance, Nary De-
partment, Washington, D. C.
.JKeaje EST^T^—cnrrY—r ok bam.
— — - - •
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Do you realize that the growing city of Saa
Francisco has only a small area of
Ocean Beach?
Astounding prices will be obtained for lots
fronting the ocean in near future.
We offer the only graded lots fronting right
on boulevard, ocean and park.
$450 to ?10(0 — Unobstructed ocean and park
view Lets on easy terms. None like
them In this city. ' Selling rapidly at
our low prices and terms. Don't
miss this i opportunity; see
' them to-day.
flCO to $350— Near park and ocean; $9 monthly.
Get off ear at our Oceanslde branch office oa
corner H st. and 47th ave., open daily
and Sunday.
$300 to $1100 — Choicest Sunset and Richmond
lots. On installments.
$100 to $400— Level Excelsior Homestead lots.
Near cars. $3 monthly.
$1250 . to $3000— Modern cottages in Sunset.
Richmond. Oceanslde and Mission;
easy terms.
EOL GETZ ft SON, Owners and Dealers,
Room 64. fourth floor. Chronicle bid*.
ONLY A FEW LEFT.
$1 25 PER WEEK.
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
(200 for choice lots. Excelsior Homestead
Tract: level as a billiard table; oa grade;
close to fine school and Aflssioo-at. electrlo
cars; bound to double in value.
i $400 each on installments of $10 per month;
no taxes; fine lots near Ocean boulsvardi
. best residence location south of Golden Gate
Park; these are the cheapest lots In this dis-
trict; advancing In price rapidly.
W. J. WHITE.
28 Montgomery st.. r. 8. Phone Main 5704.
f 10,600. INCLUDING bltnmlnlzlng of st.: terms
to suit; 8 swell flats not yet completed; rents
$1080 per annum; every known possible lat-
■ est improvement; 16 minutes from City Hall;
7th-ave. boulevard, nr. Fulton St.; close to
the Park: 5 car lines, one runs all night.
Call from 11 to 4, Seventh ave., nr. Fulton.
$1800— COTTAGE, 4 rooms; on 23ta at.
MISSION REALTY CO.. 8297 Mission st.
GOOD work our motto; prices moderate. AHL-
' BACH $t MAYER, plumbers. 836 Howard st.
SEAL ESTATE— COTTBTTB-g — POT Bale.
WHITE & BAYLEY.
Successors to
W. J. WHIT1X ■
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
EXCHANGES.
$4 SO per acre — 6 miles of CIoverd«.I» and
railroad; 4000 acres, comprising the best stock
range and especially adapted to sheep; 2 fine
Uvinx streams run several miles through the
property; careful estimates place the oak
ttumpage at 125,000 cords, for which we have
an offer of 26 cents per cord on contract with
cash payment annually whether wood U cut or
not; wood alone more than paya for the place.
$12.600— 3Sa acres rich alluvial soil; 2 miles
of two thriving railroad towns and not far
from Lodi, San Joaquln County; small almond
orchard; good house, d rooms and house for
help; fine barn holding 100 tons; wagon «he<i;
blacksmith shop; windmill. 5000 gallon tank;
fenced and cross-fenced; terms or exchange;
gilt-edge bay property.
$S500 — On oiled drive; 1 mile of Ltveraore;
40 acres healthy, full bearing vineyard; about
5 acres fruit; plain dwelling; barn; good well
and windmill; 2 years' crop will pay for this
place.
$3000—25 acres; 1 mile of Courthouse and
High School; 6 acres fine alfalfa; 10 acres
Bartlett pears and almonds; balance alfalfa
land; 2 wells; 'fully equipped pumping: plant:
dwelling, barn, poultry houses; drying plant;
half cash. .
$4000 — 38 acres level loam land near Elmlra;
12 acres apricots, 12 French prunes; family
orchard; 5 acres Bartlett pears; 5-room cot-
tage; barn; 12 poultry houses; brooder
houses; 2 wells; windmill and tank; would
subdivide on easy terms or accept unimproved
lots In part payment..,
$600— Almost adjoins, stores, P. O. and 6
miles. of Anderson; 10 acres; 6 acres bearing
peaches; cabin 16x24; tinder irrigation ditch;
well fenced; poultry men, investigate quick.
i > $1000 cash: required, balance any time to
please -your 40- acres all under line Irrigation
system; 26 in full bearing- fruit; 5-room and
bath cottage: barn, stable; 5 acres 'rich bay
land for alfalfa; balance timbered pasture; 1
mile of Courthouse and depot; don't wait to
write, but come and ' investigate.
$300 down; 1 mile of R. R. town; IS acres
lever black loam; oo -buildings; well fenced;
13 acres full bearing pears and French' prunes;'
fine creek for poultry; price $200O, any terms.
$4000 — Best hop land in.Ponoma County; 40
acres, 6 miles of Santa Rosa; large hophouse;
9 head of Jersey cows; hogs; 400 hens;' wagon,
buggy, 2 sets of harness, span horses, farming
tools, dairy utensils, furniture; buy this and
make money faster than they do In the Mint.
JS500— Close to Napa City; 50 acres rich,
level land: 35 acres in orchard 12 years old:
good 8-room house; large barn, windmill and
tank; drying plant, poultry yards; horses, cat-
tle; farming tools; good furniture; fine Income;
half cash.
$2500—25 acres, half rolling and balance
level; near Santa Rosa, 3 miles of Kenwood;
rich land; 2 acres orchard; Tineyard; creek, 2
wells: nice -cottage, S rooms; large barn;
fenced into 4 fields; 5 poultry-houses large
wire netting yards. 160 laying hens; good
horse, 3 cattle; spring wagon, top buggy; 4
tons hay; easy terms.
$4750 — On Guadalupe Creek, south of San
Jose; 33 acres; 12 in .full bearing orchard In
fine condition; balance gently sloping fine hay
land; flne creek; 25 magnificent oak trees; 4-
room cottage; good stable: flne Income: we
have n choice list of small homes in Santa
Clara County; pleased to drive you around and
show them.
J295O— 2 miles of Sonoma City; 10 acres level
rarden coll; 8*4 acres bearing vines; 1 acre
fruit: good dwelling, barn, poultry-houses;
horse, wagon, carts, plows, 3 sets harness,
tool*, wine press, tanks and casks; furniture;
flne crop.
$1700 — 25 acres, close to Caltstoga; adapted
to vines and trees; family orchard; coxy 5-
room cottage: good barn; fine water.
' $400 down — 5 acres good land, with new.
hard finished cottage of 5 rooms and bath;
large brooder-house. 2 Incubators, brooders; all
farming tools; near Petaluma: price $2000.
$5500 — Only 1 mile of Haywards; 87 acres
flne. land; 4 acres bearing orchard: modern
house, 6 rooiTm and bath: finest barn In county,
alone cost *4000; flne view; this Is the best buy
in the vicinity.
LODI. * LODI.
The town that has the "SNAP" to It: the-
section that has the most fertile, soil In the
San Joaauin Valley; fine roads; water trans-
portation.
We are subdividing a choice tract In 10-acre
lots; only 2V4 miles from town; surrounded by
modern homes and flne orchards and vineyards;
soil rich, black, sandy loam. 12 feet deep:
school on the tract: $75 per. acre: this will not
last over 30 days; first come, first served.
S12C0 — 10 acres in vine and fruit belt, near
Lodi: sandy loam; 5-room house and barn.
Send stamp for the largest and most diversi-
fied printed list on ths coast.
WHITE & BAYLET,
Successors to
W. J." WHITE. .
26 Montgomery st., room 8.
Property Exchange a Specialty.
$5000— 80 ACRES of land, all under enltiva-
Uon with improvements, in orchard section
of Butter County; only three miles from
county seat and on line of new Irrigation
ditch. , ;•'.:; y;y" ■ ' -
A snap tt taken soon, but win not keep. -
M. J. NIWKOM,
400 Second et., Marysville, Cal.
A BEAUTIFUL Swiss chalet and outhouses.
- all up to date, and 6 acres or prime land
!, planted to apples: situate on Lake Pinto;
climate and scenery unsurpasted; 2H miles
north of Watsonville. Santa Cruz Co.; gram-
mar school within a few hundred yards: 50-
acre apple orchard adjoins above; will be
sold separately or as a whole; owner absent
from State; wires us. "sell." ■ i
GAFFEY & MAHON.
11 Montgomery St.. S. F.
ATTENTION. HOMESEEKKRsl
Send postal for catalogue of th* best lane
bargains In California. C. M. WOOSTER CO..
648 Market st. ' . -.
FOR subdivision — Three tracts; swelleit prop-
ositions in State. J. E. LEWIS, Real Estate
Agent, Kentfleld,' Marln Co. P. O. Ross.
CONTRA Costa County Real estate j for salo.
Bend for list. D. J. WEST. Martine*. CaX
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
BAN MATEO REAL ESTATE.
LOMITA PARK. ~~ *
As an Investment or for a home site, a 50-
foot lot in Lomlta Park offers exceptional ad-
vantages. Only 45 minutes from the city oa
the San Mateo electrlo line; outside the fog
belt; well located and drained; artesian water:
streets graded: water and sewer pipes :aid.
Terms — A first payment of from $10 up and
balance at $10 per month. Easily within the
reach of all. First placed en the market Aug-
ust 1 and over half now sold. Must b* seen
to be appreciated. Go down and Investigate or
write to-day — to-morrow may be too late to
secure i a choice. ■
SELBY. RODGEHS A CO.,
Main 673. . . 116 California st.
i| Also at LOMITA PARK.
BERKELEY ADYERT ? S'NT8
BERKELEY BEAL ESTATE. :
$2S0O— AT 1423 Henry st, one-half block from.
Berkeley Station; new 5-rocm cottafa. hlgtl
basement; modern in every way; street wori«
complete.
$1750— 4-room cottage, wind mill and t&nki
lot 40x100: street work comolete; 3 blocki
from North Berkeley Station..
$1600—4 acres of land within 2 blocks o!
i station, .not far out; best buy east vide ol
the bay.
MORAN & SWAIN,
Opposite Berkeley Station.
FRUITYALE ADYERT^TS
FBTTZTVAXS BEAL ESTATB.
~~~-~ .
KEEP YOUR EYB ON" THIS 9FACB.
FRUITVALE BOULEVARD TRACT.
TWO CAR LINES; FINS SCHOOL*
oh ran ORAin> boulbtabd.
SMALL CASH JkXS $3 MONTHLY M»
ICBfTS.
tOOO FEET OX HXOH TJUUIIL ■
. 1000 LOTS. $1CO TO $150 BACK.
charles r. una.
1223 ram rr alb avu, txvvtvjlxm
OAKLAND ADYERT'S'MTS
OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
OAKLAITD BEAL ESTATB.
DR. MERRITT BSTATE FROHBKTf TOR
SALE.
W» have been appointed exelnsiTS' agents by
the trustees of the Samuel Merrltt Hospital for
th» sale of all the property belonging to the
said hospital and fronting on Jackson. Madi-
son. Oak, Twelfth and Thirteenth sts.. includ-
ing "The Willows," on Oak st., extending back
to Lake Merrltt, recently under option to th*
city of Oakland for park purposes; also th*
Merrltt homestead.
We have both improved and unimproved
properties to offer; meat desirable residence
properties la Oakland.
FOR PARTICULARS CALL AND SEB US.
J. H. MACDONALD A CO..
1052 Broadway.
ELEGANT residence lots. 40x120 and 40x^*00
each, in Piedmont district; 3 short blocks to
"Key Route" deDOt; 1 block, from Broad-
way; elevated ground: flne view; street
work complete; entirely new neighborhood;
SO minutes to San Francisco; convenient to
Country Club.
FOR PRICES AND TERMS. SEB
J. H. MACDONALD ft CO.
1052 Broadway.i
WB have clients looking fcr Investments In
Oakland property. If you have either houses
*or lots for sale call at cur office or mail us
full description aB'i price.
C. E. REED.
469 Eleventh St.. Oakland.
A SNAP— Choice lot 110x123. tew. cot. »Jt
and Myrtle sts. ; will be sold as a whole or
in subdivisions; so'.d to settle an estate. 1-iU
Myrtle st. Oakland. '
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
BJTCINS VAN AND STORAGE CO.. general
rr.overs: we have the best ware.mus-s In thm
West <only covered vans used). • IjON'T
MISTAKE THE NUMBER. IOI« Broadway.
Oakland; phone Main 907.
OAKLAiro BOOMS TO LET.
VERT sunny front rooms in new. flat;. near lo-
cal trains and Telegraph'. avaV'.'iSS Twent7-
thlrd st., Oakland. ' • '
OAKLAND STOBES TO LET.
FOR rant— Store on Broadway, near 14th:
•modern front. IDxCO. For particulars apply
to HOLCOMB. BREED & BANCROFT. lo«i>
Broadway. ..
OAXX.A1TD riTBlirXTTJBS 7OS SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furn:-
ture. H. Schelhaas. 11th st.. cor. store. OakUml
San Francisco AdvertisemVs
' KOOHS FOa HOXTSEKEEPrSO.
BRYANT, 421 — Two sunny rooms, nicely fur-
nished for housekeeping; gas. __2_"
CALIFORNIA, 1272—2 large sunny rooms; fur-
nished complete for hpusekeepins:.
ELLIS, 1181 — Large front room with grate and
gas plate; completely furnished; $11.
EDDY, 743 — 2 sunny well-furnished house-
keeping rooms; gas range, yard, etc.
EDDY, 870— Elegantly furnished parlor*; other
rooms for housekeeping; modern flat
ESSEX,. 11. bet. First and Second, off Fol-
som — 3 sunny furnished housekeeping rooms;
gas; $13 50. »
FIFTH, 333 — Furnished housekeeping ' rooms.
$1S; 2. $12 50; one single. $3.
FOLSOM. 800 — Sunny housekeeping rooms,
with yard; also single, with stove.
GF.ARY. 946 — Comfortable room. furnish'- 1
housekpg. with gas. $8 per month; suite $10.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 631 — Nice single house-
keeping rooms; reasonable.
GROVE. 32 — Unfurnished rooms for ' hous*.
keeptns. . . * . _l_i_
HARRISON, 405 — Furnished and housekeeping
- rooms; coal and gas stoves, electric lights,
hot' and. cold water, bath.
HARRISON, 8-J7 — Housekeeping and single
furnished rooms to let^ :
HAYES. 4S1 — Nicely furnished room for one or
two gentlemen; bath, gas; housekeeping.
JESSIE, 323 — Large sunny front room: - gas
range, sink; from $2 75 to $3 75 week.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine—
Sunny : furnished 8-room suites; steam heated,
electric lighted; free baths; rates reasonable.
LAGUNA, 1507, cor. Geary— Coxy 3-roora suit*;
newly furn.; new flat; private; reasonable.
LARKIN. 413 — L 2 or 3 comfortable, furnished
rooms for housekeeping; gas and bath.
LARKIN. 502 — Nicely furnished sunny front
rooms; complete for housekeeping.
LARKIN, 13W> — Large front room, stove, clos-
ets, run. water; all conv. for housekeeping.
MCALLISTER. -1953. — Three sunny housekeep-
ing rooms; bath and laundry; new Oat: $10.
MISSION. 1150 — 2 rooms, complete for house-
keeping. $10; single room. $1 50.
MISSION, 1219 — Furnished housekeeping rooms
complete; no cr.lldren.
MISSION, 1C07, near 12th— Large sunny furn.
rtom. light housekeeping, $3; gas. bath;
other rocms.
OAK. 25. V — Sunny front room and kitchen for
j housekeeping, $11. . ." * •,' "
' OAK." 117 — Rooms, complete, housekeeping: $3
| to $12; gas range: hot bath:, adults.
O'FARRELL, 1395-^Two nicely furnished, sun-
ny front housekeeping rooms in new. sunny,
corner flat. .
PAGE. 278 — Two connecting housekeeping
rooms; $15.
RAUSCH. 85. near Folsom— Large room, eon-
nectlng kitchen; sink; large yard; rent reas.
SACRAMENTO. 1514 — Sunny rooms, neatly fur-
nished; suite or single; light housekeeping.
SOUTH PARK. 137 — Two or three nicely fur-
nished, sunny front housekeeping rooms: $12.
SUTTER. PS7 — Sunny basement floor of three
room?, comolete for housekeeping.
THIRD SOS — Nice, sunny housekeeping rooms;
transient -..from 25c up: all clean and light.
TWENTY-FOURTH. 3303, nr. Mission — Two
small furnished rooms; gas; yard; $S; no
children.
TWENTY-FOURTH. 33CS, near Mission — Two
unfurnished front room* for housekeeping;
running water: no children.
VA*N N EMS -ive,. 31S — Two or three furnished
rooms for hseknz: bath, phone, laundry-
VAN NESS. 421 — Elegantly furn. front sunny
suite; free pTjone; otarhlne and bath; %2X
VALENCIA. S74A — Housekeeping room: also I
furnished to suit, with or without use of
kitchen.. -
Continued on Pace IS.
1112
booms ros gop[sgggZ!ZIZl'?n?- cn i> '
"VVKBSTKr:. 1229 — 3 or 4 rooms, complete fcr
:■■ i. .--k'*' i-inj. . phone and bath.
SFESSTEB. 1.154— Two or more sunny uafur. j
housekeeping rooms; adults; reasonable. |
'- ' — — — -'-" ! I
noons TO 1ET — ?nrn. and TJjiifura.^ j
ATKIXS. cor. Third st. and Park lane — New 1
brick butldSnp; all tunny rooms; hot and cold j
■water: electric lights; only tlrst-claas hou*»
in locality: rooms $1 50 »eek and up. I
A— BRUNSWICK House. US Sixth st.— Roam'
25c to $1 per night, Jl 25 to $J per week asd \
light 'housekeeping rooms; open all night. !
*T ■■The Almonte." S73 Market st. (or No. 1
ytflh st.)— Ilooms. 25c. M)c. SI. 91 &0 night;
: ! f- 10 $10 week; house open all night.
BELMOND House; over Owl drug store: 2 en-
' " iraao-e. 1 126 Market and 21 Turk— Electrio
!U!-t«.; running water in every room; 200
looiiii; 25c to 50c per night: $1 25 to (3 week.
BUSH, 502 — Fine rooms; all comforts; central-
low ratt-s.
BUSH. 11C3. nr. Leavenworth — Pleasant mjnny
room: gentleman: run. water; gas, bath, etc
■CjLUFORNlAJ 12-J4 — Nice sunny room: front:
— jnr.ini water; large closet; gentleman or
. laiy.
! IKLMOKE. 2SI7 — Two or three nice newly
efcrj>etpd rooms; furnished or unfurnished.
GjOLDEN GATE ave.. 4S» — One furnished room.
GiiARY. fc!0. The Carl— Nice, furnished rooms
. by the day. week or month.
GOLDEN GATE eve.. 219 — Front and single
' rooms; tlso 2 housekeeping room* with gas
stove and water.
■GOLTJE.V GATE ave.. 357 and 3£5 — Newly fur- '
Cf«he<l Kur.ny front rooms; also single;' S2
up; bath.
GRAND Southern 7th and Mission — Rooms 8Jc 1
te fl 25 night; $1 50 to SG wk. ; reaiilng-room. J
HOWARD. 715 — Furnished rooms, single or
■double: central location.
HOTVARD, 1608 — Large housekeeping rooms.
JONE6. 851 — Sunny furnished rooms; choice
location.
LAGUNA; 1507. cor. Geary— Cozy 3-room suite; j
'newly -Turn. : new flat: private; reasonable.
S1ARKET. 1WJ (The Falmouth) — Sunny rooms: j
(2 60 to $7 w*t>k; baths; elevator; also hkpg. '
MisTPOrOLITAN Hotel. 12» Third *t. — 400 i
•tingle and family rooms :«'c to *l 50 per day.
K to fS per week; the only new and modern .
note! and rooming-house in San Francisco I
teat ba.t office on ground floor, hot and cold :
water, electric lights, call bells, steam beat {
5a every room and gives free bathe and ele- !
vator service day and night to its guests. '
•Ml^fNA, 689 — Nice newly furnished room; !
■euitulle fcr 2 men.
iflSSION. 561, nrjur Second — Large front room, I
•with coal oil stove; suitable for cne or two
gents.
MISSION. 1514 <ne*r Eleventh st.)— Single,
renr.y, front room; private family; ?5 per
month. .
OAK. 42. near Market — Nicely furnished sunny ;
tront parlor, suitable for married coupie; I
..else sunny bay-window front room.
O"FA"RRELL. 2C5— Nicely furnished tunny .
front rooms; also single; $2 50 up.
PINE. 17:JJ. block from Van Ness— Newly fur- ]
ni*hed sunny room: bath: phone: reasonable. '
EJORTOLJK, CS. bet. Steiner and Pierce, off
"Waller, near Dubore Park — Two nice sunny
; room*;" furnished or unfurnished. ]
r.fK-iMS FOR RF.NT. " ~* ;
Th«- Pacifu- Coast Room Renting Agency has j
"r>j*-nt-d ofSces at 2S0 Post Ft. If you want a !
room, fuitp cf rooms or flat call and Bee us. ;
\*r <-an furnish you furnished or unfurnished ',
• rooms and save you time, trouble and money. ;
•Full description, prices, etc.. phone John 05S1. i
ROYAL HOUSE. 126 Ellis—incandescent lights; |
reading -room, smoking-room and ladies' pax-
' lor: rooms per night. 35c to $1 50; week. $2
• to fS; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground .
'Codr; rooms with hot and cold waty; oaths, j
SACRAMENTO. 1106 — Rooms furnished, partly j
furnished or unfurnished; cheap.
TAVLOR. 709, near Sutur— Nice furnished
room- for 1 or 2; fireplace; $3 month.
TAYI/jR, 515B— South room, suitable 2; run- j
ning- .watfr, clothes closet, $10: smaller, $!«. j
— — ; ,
THF ST. KATHRTN CORNER ELLIS AND :
. TJEAVENWORTH PTS— POSITIVELY THE j
.SUNNIEST ROOMS IN THE CITY: NEW 1
PANITART HAIR MATTRESSES BATHS. I
ELECTRIC LIGHTS TELEPHONE SERV- !
ICE. HOT AND COLD WATER: EVERT i
MODERN" CONVENIENCE: ELEVATOK 1
_ALL HQtTRS: ROOMS FROM S3 WEEK.
'•TUFl-AlTCSTOX," 110 Eddy— Best tran- j
aient'ar.d rrgular hcune In city; 50c and $1. i
TO l»>t — Two sunny front rooms: walking dis-
taftc*: reference. Box 3S15. Call office. ,
Tt"KK. 42 — Beautifully furnished sunny rooms, '
• 'pingl* tr en eulte. by day, week, month.
TURK. 123 — Clean, eunny furnished rooms.
with board; suite or elngle; housekeeping;
_» 5 _ U iL I
TURK. r.3C— Large furnished room, suitable for
gentleman: rrancnable.
VCNIXJMK. 1104 Market — Furn. rooms, suite
or- ginglr : frjites $5 week up. 15 Turk. '
W7LTJOW •avf.. 14, off Larkin. nr. Eddy— Fur-
rijhed room fcr gentlemen: $Q.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy. nr. Market— 409
rfconr. 3.V to $1 right. SI 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights <r.o gac). running water In e»ery
room; elevator. sead. -room; free bus; baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d *t.. nr. Market—
. Wcit vor.v*-r.ler.t and reepectable; 700 room*;
RSc to $1 50 nightly; $2 to $8 week; elevator:
elec. light*; reading-room: free bus: baggage.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of ad*-fTt!*emfnts end cubscrlptions has
, been tinned at I0O8 Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Or>en until 11 p. n.
ROOMS AZTO BOARD.
HOT EL L' A lGLON?~60r~O^ary~iit.— Large]
•urny rooms, beard; eultee, with board for 2
$50 mo.; single, with board. (25 up; ipecui
family rates; Just renovated.
COMORA <The). «21 O'Farreli— Everything of
the best; satisfactory rates; table, rooms,
service.
LADT would provide reSr.ed home, excellent
cooking, for 2 rentlerr.pn aj>prec!at!ng hoaie
comforts. Bex 3CC8. Call office.
MASON. 615A. nr. Butter— Room and board for
lufljr In Drtvate family.
PRAjnCUSt. Il0»— B-jard and sunr.y rooms;
running water: excellent table; reasonable.
SUNJUT front room to rent with board~terms
reawAiabl*. Bex 2C39. Call office.
ELLIS. 914 — Neatly furnished room and board.
reasonable.
CALIFORNIA. *C7— Best rooms, table and ser-
vice In the city for th« least meter.
ELLIS. 453 — Splendid single rooms with best
cf French table board; reasonable.
EEWIITG MACHINES AND STTFFI.IES.
"'HE chance of a lifetime to buy the best
tewing machine In the world at little price-
We have about 150 new White sewing ma-
chines that are 'slightly shopworn; we shall
Rciose them out at once at from y, to 1-3
us-^al price; also about SO machines of a'l
uther makes, good as new. at from $5 to $15
each, at the new retail *tore c" the White
Sewing Machine Co.. 015 Market at.
ALL make*; 2d hand. J2. $5. $7. $9; nrw.X4 W
crop heads. 5 drawer, golden oak. $15; rerted'
repaired: lowest rates. National Automatic
S. M. Co.. 145 Sixth St.: tel. Jessie 3736.
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use; best
fc cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price; ail kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office, 1021. Market St.. near Sixth.
ALL kind* recond-hand $3. $3. $3; tllghMy
used $10. $18. $20; you know where the dolls
*wing In the window. 1051 Market et.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. CHAS. PLAMBECK. 1915 Mlimlon rt.
»t»_jwaei:ho uses.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture"
household roods stored, moved, shipped. 725^-
731 Howard et.. nr. Third; phone Grant 16L
CAPITAL Van end Storage Co.. 10 Drumm si-
phon* Mint 20*1; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE-P.0DOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
fice Pest end Powell «t».: tel. Pri. Ex. 571.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmora et. ; phone Jackson 28L
BICKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
ft.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at "tit rates.
STOP DKVSJOSa.
GT7A-RANTEED cure; send 50c! tablet form,
mailed In plain package: has cured t!iou
«and». L. L. C. CO.. 417 Hay-ward hldg.. t?.F.
TY7EWBXTEKS AI7D SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. I
trnith Premier. $25: other typewrite™ At
higher and lower prices: rentals $2 SO. Th«
Typewriter Exchange. C36 California st. "
SD-HAND typewriter* sold, rented, repaired.
Wi b*ttr Typewriting Inrpec. Co., £08 Market.
DIVIDEND NOTICES. |
divFdend notice— security savings !
BANK; 222 Montgomery st.. Mills building;
for naif >car ending December 31. 1904, |
dividends ui>on all deposits at the rate of ,
three and one-quarttr <3',i) P*r cent per !
unnuni, tree of taxes, will be payable on j
and alter January 3. 1905. FRED W. RAY.
Secretary. . |
UiVlUKNL' NOTICE — Central Trust Company, j
V* Montgomery street — For the six mor.tna
ending December 31, 1904. dividends have
betn declared on the deposits in the savings ■
department of this company as follows: On ;
lerni deposits at th e rate of 3 tt-10 per cent !
per annum, and on ordinary deposits at the i
rate of 3Vi per cent per annum, free lrom |
taxes and payable on and after Tuesday.
January 15. llHili. I
IL BRUNNER. Cashier. ',
DIVIDEND Notice — Sun Francisco and Subur- I
ban Home Building Society. Oth floor. Mutual
Havings Bank buildin*. 708 Market .St.. op-
posite Third «.— For the half-year endlns
December 31. 1304, a dividend has been de-
clared at the rate per annum of ten (10) per
cent on capital stock and participating cer-
tificates, free from taxes, payable on. and
after Monday. January It. 1806.
JOSEPH A. LEONARD. Manager.
J. M. DUKE. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— California Safe Deposit
and Trust Company, corner California and
Montgomery su. — For the six months ending
December 31. 1004. dividends have been de-
clared on the deposits in tha savings depart-
trent of this company as follows: On term
deposits, at the rats of 3 6-10 per cent per
annum, and en ordinary deposits at the.- rate
cf 3 per cent per annum, free of taxes, and '
payable on and after Tuesday, January X.
1005. J. DALZELL BROWN. Manager.
DIVIDEND notlce^ — Mechanics' Savings Bank,
southwest corner Bush and Montgomery sts. —
For the half year ending with December 31,
1904. a dividend has been declared at the
rate of three and one-quarter C.14) per cent
j-.er annum on all deposits, free of taxes, pay-
able on and after Tuesday. January 3, 1SU5.
Deposits bear Interest from date received.
FREDERICK H. CLARK. Cashier.
HUMBOLDT Savings Bank, now at 626 Market
street, opposite Palace Hotel, for the half-
year ending December 31, 1SHH. has declared
a dividend on deposits at ' the rate of three
and one-quarter (3'4) per cent per annum,
free of taxes: payable on and after Tues^-
day January 3. 1905.
W. E. PALMER, Cashier.
DIVIDEND notice— Savings and Loan Society.
- 101 Montgomery «t.. corner of gutter, has
declared a dividend for the term ending
December 31. 1904. at the rate of three an-1
ore-quarter (3V») per cent per annum on all
deposits free of taxes and payable on and
after January 2. 1905. CYRUS W. CAR-
MANY. Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice— San Francisco Savings
Union 5.'C California st.. cor. Webb — For the
half-year ending with the 31st of December.
1&04. a dividend has been declared, at the
rate per annum of three and one-half (3V£)
per cent on term deposits, and three (3) per
cent on ordinary deposits, free of taxes.
i.avable en and after Tuesday. January 3.
1905. LOVELL WHITE. Casnler.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Mutual Savings Bank of
gan Francisco. 710 Market et.— For the half-
year ending December 31, 1904. a dividend
has been declared at the rate of three and
one-quarter (3V4) per cent per annum on all
deposits, free of taxes, payable on and after
Tuesday. January 3 1905. GEORGE A.
fcTORY. cashier.
THE Continental Building and Loan Associa-
tion of 301 California st.. San Francisco,
has declared a dividend for the six months
ending December 31, 1904. of 5 per cent per
annum on ordinary deposits; 6 per cent on
term deooslts and 7 per cent on class "F"
Installment stock. DR WASHINGTON
DODGE, president; WM. CORBIN, secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice — The German Savings and
Loan Society. 526 California at. — For the
half-year ending December 31. 1904. a divi-
dend has been declared at the rate of three
and one-quarter (3^4) per cent per annum
on all deposits, free of taxes, payable on
and after Tuesday. January 3. 1905.
GEORGE TOURNY. Secretary.
-UQAI. NOTICES.
NOTICE — Office of Insurance Commissioner,
State of California, San Francisco. Septem-
ber 17. 1904. — To Whom It May Concern:
Pursuant to the requirements of section 595
of the Political Code, notice is hereby given
that the Thuringia Insurance Company of
Erfurt, Germany, has surrendered its cer-
tificate of authority previously granted by
this department, thus withdrawing from
business In this State, and said company Is
no longer authorized to transact business
therein. E. MYRON WOLF.
Insurance Commissioner.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. Dec. 15. 1904.— To
whom It may concern: Be it hereby known
that the copartnership heretofore existing
between D. J. O'HARA and F. J. MONA-
HAN. under the firm name of MONAHAN,
O'HARA & CO., Is hereby dissolved. The
said D. J. O'HARA withdrawing from the
raid concern and his game discontinued.
DANIEL J. O'HARA. F. J. MONAHAN.
STTJTTEHINO AITO ETAMMEHINO.
EXPANSION olf^lciioURl^icHOOLS^
Downtown, 621 Franklin, near McAllister. 8
to 12. Open-air school. S10 Diamond St.; tel.
Capp 5173; 1 to 6 p. m. Details at either.
marriage: licenses.
The following marriage licenses were issued
resterday :
rharl<-« H. White. 23. Kansas City. Mo., and
Eth»-1 Farrell. 17. -*0« Twenty-second ptreet.
William L. Dauterman. 21, city, and Cath-
eryn Junsen. 1*. city.
William T. Corum. 30. Kelseyvllle. and May
Ford. 05, Kelseyville. f
Thomas Gordge. K5. city, and Annie Fahey,
66. city.
Nathan C. Coghlan. 29, 2SC1 Octavla street,
end Heledi? A. Zahl. 25. HSKt Stanyan street.
John IT Fegan, 26. 24t»6 Howard street, and
Ellen Johnson. 26. 249«S Howard street.
William M. Goodman. 27. Del Monte, and
rtae C Backer. 20. IS04 Laguna street.
Olai S. Axdal. 22, KiO Lur.dy Lane, and NeHie
Olwn. 2C, 2S7S Washington street.
Edgar Gensler. 21. 823 '4 Eddy street, and
Celia Oppenheim, 18. 027 Larkin street.
Archibald H. Turnbull. 21. 132 Rotteck St.,
and Lillie W. Cook. 18. 4114 Twentieth street.
James L. McGuire, 45, San Jose, and Joscfln
Korvat. 4S, city.
Frank L. Frfguglia, 29. 23 Boardman place,
and Lillian M.'Gandolfo, 21. 2?. Boardman place.
Vincent D'Amato. 22. 2114 Mason street, and
Joeephtne Iula, 17, 2114 Mason street.
Lee Wing. 3i, 4 Ross alley, and Bo Kum, 26.
4 Ross alley.
Thomas B. Ampler, 27, 317 Golden Gate ave-
nue, and Ethel H. Eden, 22. 2 Golden place.
Raffaello Da San Martino, 23, city, and
Aesunta Del Carlo. 19 city.
Carl F. W. Ileyn, 33, Mazatlan. Mexico, and
Francisca G. Castano. 2.1. Mazatlan, Mexico.
Jerry H. Clayton. 2S. 578 Ellis street, and
Lillle B. Martean. 2S. 578 Ellis street.
Amato Guelfl, 25, Isleton. and Teresa Mar-
cuccl. 23, 45 Juniper street.
Giovanni Rocco. 25. 1115 Montgomery street,
and Mary Gui«so. IS, 1115 Montgomery street.
Delbert Lawrence. 21, city, and Annie John-
son. 18, 177 Pare street.
Fred Dodge. 23. Santa Cruz, and Amelia
Vareslo, 18. Santa Cruz.
Norbert J. Depevr, 21. .126 Fourth street, and i
Clara G. Coyle, 21, 28 Birch avenue.
BIRTHS— MARRIAQES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at cither of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
«sons authorized to have the same -published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
free of charge.
DORX! ~
NELSON— In this city, to the wife of Eugene
Nelson, a daughter.
BEARS — In this city, December 25. 1804, to
the wife of A. J. Scars, a daughter.
. MARRIED. ~^ ~
BALL — BACHMANN — In this city. December
20. 1904. by the Rev. Frederick A. Doane
' GiiilJord Ball and Hermina K. Bachmann'
both of San Francisco.
HAUSER— VON GRUENIGEN— In this city
December 2C. 1904, by the Rev. p \v!
Fischer, pastor of Emanuel Evangelical
Church. Herman Hauser and Ellsa von
Crucnigen. both of this city.
STROBRIDGE— GREEN— In Los Angeles Cal
December 19. 1904. by the Rev. Josiah Sib-
ley, Frank Marvin Strobridge and Myrtle
Gre»z_
V/EAVER,— PARKER— In this city, on Christ-
man day. 1904, by the Rev. R. Logan. Claude
M. Weaver of San Francisco and Miss Emma
Parker of Philadelphia. Pa.
DIED. —
Barry. Edward— 71 MorrleEey. Margaret 9
Carr. Annie Nagle. John J. — 58
Caughell, Mary— 74 Nelson. Mary C— 50
Cykler. Frank — 52 Ohlson, Capt. Chas. (9
— 5-'J Pennington, Vivianne 2
Curran, Felix F. — 22 Reuter, Anna E. — 72
Degnan, Annie — 03 Hiding, George W. — 63
Driscoll. Milton J.— 1 .Riebellng, John M. i0
Dunn, Edward — *JJ .Schmidt, Frank — 16
EllK Moses C-^75 j=chmldt, Christian H.
Hadley. Anne — 73 ' ,Schmidt. Susan— 62
Lletz, Elwa — 14 Spencer. Mrs. M. — 75
Lcrmey. William— 56 JSwain, Mrs. R. B. — 90
Merc. John C. — 30 . 'Voss. Charlotte — 04
BARRY — In this city. December 27, 1904,' Ed-
ward, beloved husband cf Mary Barry, and
father of Edward. William and Lizzie Barry,
a native of County CcrU. Ireland, aged 71
years.
. iprFri^nds and acquaintances are respect-
luily invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at S:43 a. m.. from his late resl-
a>n.-<\ San Bruno and Crescent avenues,
tlieiK-u to St. John's Church, where a sol-
" cma blch ma&s will be celebrated for the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL". WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 28, 1904.
I repose of his soul, commencing at 0:30 a. m.
I Interment Holy Croes Cemetery.
CARR — In this city. December 26, 1904, An-
| n!c, beloved wife of Thomas' F. Carr, and
I mother of James F. Carr, a native of
j County Galway, Ireland. (Virginia City,
Nov., papers please copy.) //■',::■
: [[^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
I (Wednesday), at S:aO a. m., from her late
■ residence. 5S4 Ivy avenue, near Buchanan
street, thence to St. Joseph's Church, where
a requiem macs will be celebrated for the
'< repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CAUGHELL— In this city, December 27, 1904.
at her residence 743 Tehama street, near
Ninth, Mary, beloved wife of the late Cap-
tain Peter Caughell, devoted mother of John.
.Hugh. Willie, Robert and Mamie Caughell,
and elster of Mrs. Fannie Duncan, a natlvj
of County Tyrone, Ireland, aged <4 yeara X
months and 15 days.
CAVAGNARO— In this city. December 28,
1904, Giovanni Cavagnaro, beloved, son of
the late Luigi Cavagnaro, and brother of
Rosa Demartini. a natlveiof Verzi, Ligur*,
• Italy, aged 53 years and 6 month*.
tr?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-'
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 1 p m., from the under-
taking parlors of Valente, Marlni & Co.,
1524 Stockton street. Interment Italian Cem-
etery
CURRAN— In this city. December 27, 1004,
Felix Francis Curran. beloved eon of Felix j
D. and Kate Curran. and brother of Edward <
J.. Michael H.. Julia F. and Mary C. Cur- :
ran, a native of San Francisco, aged 22 yeare
and S months.
CYKLER— In this city. December 26, 1904. j
Frank, beloved husband of the late Louise ,
Cykler, and brother of Emanuel and Joseph I
Cykler. a native of Oestereich. Germany, :
aged 52 years 1 month and 24 days. I
DEGNAN— In Oakland, Cal.. December 27. ,
.1904. Annie, beloved wife oj Thomas D.?gnan, .
and mother of Mrs. Thomas Ford, a native •
of Ireland, aged 63 years. |
D*RISCOLL— In this city. December 27, 1604.
at the residence of his parents. 34 Beasle
avenue, Milton James, beloved son of John
J and Annie C. Driscoll, and beloved brother
of Loretta D. John T. and Raymond "W.
Driscoll. a native of San Francleco, aged 1
year 6 months and 26 days.
DUNN — In this city, December 27. 1004, Ed-
ward Dunn, a native of New York City, ,
aged 29 years. A member of Local No. 1 or
the T. P. U.
lETRemains at the funeral parlors of Mc-
Ginn Broe.. 224-226 McAllister street, and
will be shipped to New York City Thursday |
at II a. m.
ELLIS— In Sunny Vale. Santa Clara County, j
Cal.. December 27, 1904. Moses C. Ellis, be- j
loved husband of Florence R. Ellis, and •
father of Alfred T.. Frank M. C. Willey J.. 1
Eugene J.. Mosea C, Austin R., Leo A. and
Florence C. Ellis, and Mrs. C. E. Graham :
and Mrs. T. Ellls-Sutkamp, a native of 1
New York, nged 75 years. (Sacramento fend .
Marysville' papers please copy.) ' .VI !
HADLEY— In Fruitvale. Cal., December 26, j
1904, Anne, beloved wife of the late D. L.
Hadley, and loving mother of William D., j
Charles B., Frederick L. and Margaret M. ,
Hadiey, a native of England, aged 73 years
and 8 months. -
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from her
late residence, 1613 Fruitval* avenue, mar
old county read. Cremation private.
LIETZ— In this city. December 25. 1904, Elsa
Lletz, beloved daughter of Adolph and Au-
gusta Lletz, a native of San Rafael, Cal.,
aged 14 years 7 months and 12 days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tne funeral services
to-day (Wednesday), at 11 a. m., at the |
First Presbyterian Church, corner Fifth and j
E streets. San. Rafael. Interment private. j
LORMEY — In Vallejo, Cal., December 27. 1004, j
William Lormey. beloved husband- of the
late Fannie E Lormey, and father of Wll- ;
liam J., Fannie. Ella, Mary, Raymond. Rose j
and Gcnevieve Lormey, a native of Ireland, 1
aged 50 years. !
lETThe funeral will take place to-morrow ;
(Thursday), from his late residence, 736 Flor- j
Ida street. Vallejo. thence to St. Vincent's
Church, where a requiem high masa will be
celebrated for the repose of his eoul. Inter-
ment St. Vincent Cemetery. Vallejo.
MORE— In this city. December 27. 1904, John
C. beloved husband of Marie More, and
brother of A. W. More of Newman. Cal., j
and Mrs. Fred H. Rowe, a native of Denver,
aged 3D years and C months.
£7"Remains at the parlors of McFadden,
McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mission street, be-
tween t-'eventh and Eighth.
MORRISSEY— In this city. December 27, 1904,
at the residence, 503 Seventh street. Mar-
garet Isabella, dearly beloved daughter of
Richard and Alice Morrissey. devoted sister
of John, Thomas. Richard, Alice and Mil-
dred Morrissey, and niece of Mrs. J. J.
Brady, a native of San Francisco, aged 0
years and 11 months.
NAGLE — In this city, December 27. 1001. John j
J.. beloved husband of. Catherine Nagle. a :
native of Tennessee, aged 5S j ears 6 months
and IS days. \" i
NELSON— In Oakland, Cal., December 2G.
15K)4. Mary Cecelia, wife ot the late George
II. N«*lson, and beloved mother ot Jesble It. |
and Wallace Nelson, Mrs. Mabel Leavell ,
and Mrs. Albln R. Johnson, a native of New j
York, aged 50 years S months and 28 days. !
ET'Friends are respectfully Invited to at- |
tend funeral services this* (Wednesday) a'fr- 1
noon, at 2 o'clock, at her late home, 1(519 j
Thirteenth street, Oakland. Interment ttrlct- •
ly private. ;
OHLSON— In Mountain View. Cal., December j
25. 1904, Captain Charles Ohlson, a native of
Sweden, aged 49 years. .
(CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday) at 1 p. m., at the parlors of I
Craig, Cochran & Co., 420 Golden Gate ave- j
nue, between Polk and Larkin streets. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
PENNINGTON— In this city. December 26,
lt>0i, Vivianne lna, beloved child of Thomas
and Sarah Jane Pennington, and eister of
Thomas E., Mary Elizabeth and E. R. Pen-
nington, a native of San Francisco, aged 2
years and l'J days.
(n7"Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day ;
(Wednesday), at 1 p. m., from the residence ;
of her parents. 034 Shotwell street, thence
by electric funeral car from corner of Thir- I
tieth street and San Jose avenue, at 1:45 1
p. m., to Cypress Lawn Cemetery for Inter-
ment. Kindly omit flowers. :
REUTER— Entered Into rest, in this city, De-
remtKX 27, 1904, Anna Elizabeth Reuter,
teloved mother of Mrs. Kate Willhelm of I
Chicago, and Conrad, Henry and Charles i
Reuter. and the late Anna Brueggemann,
a native of Nicder Weisel, Hessen- Darm-
stadt, Germany, aged 72 years 6 months and
7 days. ■ . » 1
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect- {
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow ;
(Thursday), at 2:30 p. m., from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Cremation I. O.
O. F. Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
RIDING — In this city, December 25. 1904.
George Waddington Riding, beloved husband :
of the late Martha Riding, father of Benja- j
mln G. and George W. Riding Jr. and Mrs. I
T. C. Miller of Manila, and brother of T. R.
Riding, a native of England, aged 63 years
7 months and 2 days.
E7 Friends, acquaintances and members of
Yt-rba Buena Lodge No. '14. A. O. U. W.,
are respectfully Invited to attend the funeral
to-morrow (Thursday), at 1:30 p. m., from
the chapel of Charles H. J. Truman & Co.,
1909 Mission street, between Fifteenth and
Sixteenth.
RIEBELING— In this city. December 27. 1904.
John M., beloved husband of Alma Riebe-
llng, and father of John, Ethel and May
RiebelinR, a native of New York, aged 40
years 5 months and 5 days.
SCHMIDT— In this city. December 27, 1904,
Frank, beloved son of Frank and Mattl<>
Schmidt, brother of Harrold and Gertrifde
Schmidt, grandson of Emma Richardson, and
nephew of F. A. Stoud and John Richard-
son, a native of Ean Francisco. Cal., aged 10
years 3 months and 1 day.
1C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
; fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
1 (Thursday), at 1 p. m.. from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2475 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by elec-
tric funeral car from corner of Eighteenth
and Guperrero streets, at* 1:45 p. m. ,
SCHMIDT — In this city. December 26. 1904 1
Christian H.. beloved husband of Emilie
Schmidt, father of Otto E. A. and Herman
C. Schmidt and Mrs. Jason W.» Nash, and
grandfather of Dorothy E. Nash, a native of
Guentersen, Hanover, Germany.
ECHMIDT— In Arbuckle. Colusa County, Cal.
December 27, 1904, Susan, beloved wife of ■
Conrad Schmidt, mother of Henry, Fred and
Albert Kaufmann and Mrs. Emily Evans, and
ulster of Mrs. Otto Fauss and Mrs. Conrad
Ruppel. a native of Hessen-Darmstadt, Ger-
many, aged 62 years 4 months and 9 days.
SPENCER— In this city, December 27, 1904,
Mary Spencer, beloved mother of Thomas F.
Spencer of Spokane, Wash., and Frank A.
l-pencer of Portland, Ore., a native of Dub-
lin,- Ireland.
ICT Notice of funeral hereafter.
SWAIN — In Santa Rosa. Cal., December 26,
1904, Mrs. Rebecca B. Swain, aged 96 years
9 months and 24 days.
ICTInterment at Santa Rosa to-day (Wed-
nesday), at half-past 1 o'clock p. m., from
the Presbyterian Church.
VOSS — In Bradley. Monterey County, Cal.. De-
cember 20. 1904, Charlotte Voss, widow of
the late Charles Voss, a native of Germany,
aged 64 years 11 months and 2 days.
HliNRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr. -
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
: ,'- . Telephone South 80.' ■ ._
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
— Funeral Directors and Embalmers —
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple,
NOW at See MISSION. Tel. South 167.
Between Fourth and . Fifth, near Fifth et. ""•
Finest Equipments at Moderate - Rates. -.
James McGinn. " Henry Hansen
JAMES McGINN & CO.,
• Fortncrly With •) McGinn Bros.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers — —
' 214 Eddy st. Tel. • East S6.
LONE BANDIT
ROBS TEN MEN
Enters Saloon in Eeno and
Forces Proprietor and Visi
tors to Holdup Hands
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RENO, Dec. 27.— A lone bandit
walked into the Union Saloon in the
busiest block in the city of Reno at
an early hour Christmas night and. at
the point of a gun, held up L.. Avan
zino, the proprietor of the saloon, and
nine other men. He was without a
mask and. after lining the men. up
along the wall of the saloon and taking
their coin, walked back of the bar and
robbed the cash register of nearly $100.
He then, stepped from Wfchind the bar
ana keeping the men covered, slowly
backed- av/ay from them until he
reached the door. He disappeared be
fore an alarm could be given, and al
though Jiis victims give a good de
scription of .him the police as yet have
been unable to arrest him.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
TUESDAY. DECEMBER 27.
Nelfw'rtSf "f delIne B. Buck to Minna
lot on fTnn»° oId) - «n«UvJded half of
Poir^a'o^A^-e.To 6 '' 176:0% W ° f
Tlnin^.t 10 ♦ MI ,32 a «, Ne "er. lot on N line of
137*6" $10 iSSrO^ W of Polk. W BO by N
o^Hav^,!?,. 801 } t ? 1^ 0hn Glbson - *<* on 8 line
R 12ft- ?i ,*?' 110 E of Lasuna E 27:6 by
?f F&tv ° Ot ». On S line of T 8t " et - 82:6 »
lL ™ % u ml J «, ven «e. E 60 by S 100; al.o
l£t.^i lne of P street . 57:6 E of Twenty
seventh avenue. EWbyN 100; $10.
<* 8 " ?V. J , on?s to Grace J - Miller, lot on
K:« br°S 123- Kr*'- 100 W °' W6bSter - W
trS^nS" Fa "? n to Hu * h K ** nan Con
-£ \V «f l0t On S llne ot °* k 8treet .
Flora. D. Jones to Webster Jones, lot on
£> by\ ?f i00 a : S $l Street - 3 ° W ° f Wef)9ter - W
t £iH **? County of San Francisco to Isldor
"srpine! 0^ S^svs j .?2=^^a bo
Edwin C. and Ella R Toun* to Georr* H
b u ™ ar3 L E o W w t ?, rburl^ t0 Oeiw'F. Winter
S £f *>i i h°1 4A ne of Anbury Btreett 23T
ner mnmK ♦ • S =? bv W 100:3 (to aecure $35
per month, trustee's deed)- $
RlrhnS a L C -t a / ld V1 , va P - Morris 'to Sarah M.
VLff Hal «£t. 8 25 by W 1)6:10%; $10.
M I rihh Or S th , ca a M<?lsln e <by Augusta
ElRhteenth^ N 25 by W 122:0; $4000.
R twtf ll 0 Ma^ el M - Carr an<1 Harriet
R : " as . e! ' lne - lot °n W line of San Jose road.
$10? Twentv - S >xth street, N 52 by W 120-3 •
rint, . ♦ a «? Rose stuhr to Annl « Mc-
Glohi, lot on W line of Sanchez street 28 N
of Duncan, N 28:0 by W SO; $io
Bridget E. ilaener to Anna R. Baker, lot
orvllle D. and Millie" E. Baldwin to Isaao
8U "f o n f a H • JO^° n «^? ft Une Of FOUrth ««"
uiv °, H » ward . SE 5 <> by NE S7:6; $10.
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to Kate
F^Xi /' w°- . DiIIon ' Iot on SW corner of
iv" $10 Harrison streets, SE SO by SW
John F. Sorsenfrey to Charles M. Sorgen-
Bflfs' nf 0t r,°S,o E , 'i ne °' T »'>-ty-ninth avenue.
&0 S or Clement street, S 23 by E 120- $10
Mary and Emma F. Elliott to Howard' II.
Salz Jot on E lin e of Forty-sixth avenue. 2K1
'•of A street. N :SC by E l'JO- $10
Af C » ty / n »T T 0 "" 1 *' ? f s »n Francisco to Charles
£ ., n 5l HeIen Ij - Hto1^- lot on NE corner of
SSSSSi SS35 wi.Mo: l tr 2 e «^ ?-? 0:9 - NE
Solomon and Dora Getz to Felix H Irvine
s Ot f°?TY " ne c°; F °rty- S oventh a "hue7lM
S of II street. S 50 by W 120- $10
Felix U. Irvine tu Solomon Getz. lot on
«rlet. C r e 6 2 :« Of b /w t^0 l8h » t 10 aVCnUe ■'"* 1
Josephine and Fritz Goerl to Bernhard Getz
lot on S lino of I, street. 82:6 W of Forty
fourtli avenue. W 75 by S 100- $10
F SU Howi^.,, a "i d , Char xf s a Juds °n to Florerce
is. How lard, lot on N'E corner of Forty-third
aV ™ V» a x d T slreet - E a2:G N 100; $10.
n« r 1 n./r 1Jnd \° Frank °- Carl8 on. lot on E
y^^^^o^ i25 s £ s street -
X t'- - i|«f street. W 120. S 60. E 120.
Estate of David L. Farnsworth (by Lotta
P.I-arnsworth administratrix) to Emma A.
Estate of Fannie P. Farnsworth (by Lotta
P. Farnsworth. executrix) to National Land
ii c ssr-$i E oo 5 feet of iot 3 - biock e - su - et
Ix)tta P, Farnsworth to name,' same; $100.
Christian and Sofle Lchmann to George W.
Brown, lot 14. blwk A. SpreckHs subdivisions
A. B and D. Park, Hill tract No. 2; $10.
Julius O. Rf«» to Michael J. Bresnan. lots 1.
2 and J. block 45, Rels tract; grant
r>J?* icl \° las - . Math'lda. Henry and Catherine
Ohlandt and John A. and Mary M. Buck to
Robert Max. lot on S corner of Fetton and
Harvard struts SW 240 by SE 100. lota 1 and
J ' Extension Honie-
Louisa and Albert E. Holloway to Holder
Matthieswn. lot on S line of Lobos street 405
W of Ca P ltoI. W 60 by S 125. lot 3. block U,
R. R. Homestead Association; $10.
Same to same, let on .N line of San Jose
street. 190 W of Capitol. W 10O by N 125 lot
sift A * R ' Homeste ad Association;
Samo to Burn*, lot on S line of Lobos street,
SSO W of Capitol. W 25 by S 125. block • U
same; $10.
Oeorge Patrick to Bernhard Getz, lot on NE
line of Brazil street, 25 NW of London NW
25 by NE ICO. block 2, Excelsior Homestead;
John J. and Clara Pratt to John F. Barfleld
lot on N line of Sixteenth street, 221:9 E of
Ashbury. E 25, N 01:7, NW 25:1. S 03.10" lot
0, block Z. Park Laiw; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Albert M. and Martha A. Wapple (owners)
with George Parker (contractor). archi
tect—All work for a l^-story frame building
on N line of Fulton street, 20(5:3 W of Lyon,
Vv' 25 by N 137:0. Western Addition 610;
LATE SHIPPING INTELLJGEXCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, December 27.
Stmr Czarina, Johnson, 45 hours from Coo«
Bay. , , -
SAILED.
Tuesday. December 2T.
Bchr Newark. Johnson. Byxbee Landing.
DOMESTIC PORT.
ABERDEEN— Arrived Dec 27— Stmr Santa
Barbara, hence Dec 22; schr Compeer hence
Bee 18; schr Falcon," hence Dec 17.
Sailed Dec 27— Bktn Arago, for San Pedro.
FIRE ON FFLIiMORE STREET
DOES CONSIDERABLE DAMAGE
Stock of Foxhall, Bazaar Is Gutted
by Water and Bulldlns Is
Burned.
A fire broke out shortly before mid
n:ght last nigh* In the Foxhall bazaar,
2S34 Fillmore street, near. Washing
ton. The stock, which \i-as of a perish
able nature, was gutted by water and
practically ruined. Loss on the stock
was reported to be somewhere in the
vicinity of $2000. The building was
also- badly damaged by fire and
■water. ; •
• The residence of Dr. A. E. Poehner,
adjoining, was. damaged to the extent
of $300. No cause as to the origin
of the fire could be ascertained.
FUNERAL OF MRS. WHIDDEN.— Oakland.
Dec. 27.— The funeral of Mrs. Sarah A. Whld
den. who died very suddenly last Sunday at
her home. 2010 Broadway, was held to-day
from the residence of her son. Myron A Whld
den, 449 West ' Moss avenue, at 10:30 a. m
The services were conducted by the Rev. E. R
Dllle, pastor of the First Methodist Church
Interment was at Mountain View Cemetery
M. C. ELLIS DEAD.— Oakland, Dec. 27 —
M. C. Ellis, the father of E. J. Ellis district
superintendent of the Pacific States Telephone
and - Telegraph Company, whose headquarters
are in this city.. died to-day at his residence
In Sunnyvale, Santa Clara County, aged 75
years. He leaves a widow* and ten children.
GOLDMAN WILL, FACE JURY.— The case
of Adolph Goldman, the Nemesis of former
Mayor . R. A. Snow of Oakland, charged with
assault to murder, was called in Judge Dunne's
court yesterday and it »vas set for . trial on
January US. . Goldman, on . June ■ 13, shot i and
wounded Snow in* the Clarendon Hotel on
l'ost street
CONGRESSMAN
MAHONEY OF
ILLINOIS DIES
CHICAGO, Dec. 27. — Congressman
William F. Mahoney of the Eighth
Illinois District died to-day of kidney
troubles.
HUGH A. JAMIESON DEAD.
Was One of Pennsylvania's Most
Prominent Business Men.
I WARREN, Pa., Dec. 27. — Hugh A.
Jamieson, one of the most prominent
business men of Pennsylvania, died
to-day at his home here. He had
been 111 for the past week. He was
one of the prominent figures among
the independent oil refiners of th%
United States, and was largely inter
ested in lumber in Minnesota and on
the Pacific Coast. He defrayed the
expenses of two missionaries for the
"Warren T. M. C. A., one in China
and the other in India.
Passes Away on a Train.
DENVER, Dec. 27. — Former Lieu
tenant Governor R. A. Sidelbotham.
of Idaho died on a Colorado and
Southern train to-night shortly after
leaving Colorado Springs.
Pioneer Stage Driver Dead.
CHINESE .CAMP, Dec. 27. — Lew
B. Miller died last night from an over
dose of chloral hydrate. Miller was
a pioneer stage driver.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OP THE PACIFIC COAST
Patents Issued to Residents of Cali
fornia — New Postmaster Ap
pointed in the State.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 27.— Morris
Kind was to-day appointed Postmaster
at Cement, Cal.
The following patents were issued
to-day: - '\ V*'; *
California — William C. Anderson and F. I*.
Argall, Han Jose, device for forming and siz
ing closed-end tubes; John C. Booker and
E. H. Booker, Pasadena, folding beach bath
house: Mary S. Burdlck. Alameda. bin; Carl
F. Capell. Los Angeles, hydro-carbon burner:
Clyde T. Chichester. Placerville. payroll;
George "W. Herbein, San Francisco, artificial
fuel and making same; Albert J. Hoskina.
flexible conduit: O. E. Ronins. Porterville.
combined whip socket and rein holder; I* K.
Leahy, Los Angeles, hydro-carbon burner, re
issue; Joseph H. Martin, assignor one-half to
D. Ormond Riverside. Irrigating apparatus;
Elijah H. McDonald, assignor one-fourth to
L. D. ' Clark. Los Angeles, self-olltng trolley
■wheel; Albert H. Merrill. Compton. calculator:
L. E. Porter, Camp Rochester, precipitating
metals from cyanide solutions and regenerating
the solutions; Richard J. Ronlo. Los Angeles,
elevator lock; A. E. Sexton, Los Angeles, paper
folding machine; D. Snitjer. Cupertino, box
nailing machine; Robert Strain. Fullerton. as
signor to F Stebler and A. A. Gamble. River
side, fruit grader, reissue; F. L. Taylor. Oak
land assignor to Verne Automatic Advertising
Company, roll 'paper printing attachment;
Frank B. Wheat, Los Angeles, device for
marking picture mats. x
RIOTOUS SOLDIERS CHARGE
UPON GUESTS AT HOTEL
Place Badly Wrecked Before the Men
Can Be Taken Back to
the Fort.
NEW YORK, Dec. 27. — With fixed
bayonets, seventy-five soldiers from
the One Hundred and First and
Eighty-seventh companies of United
States Artillery, stationed near Fort
Totten, L. I., charged on a hotel near
the post* yesterday. Fifty patrons of
the hotel fled by way of rear doors.
The artillerymen, who were celebrat
inp Christmas in a noisy manner, piled
their guns and haversacks on the hotel
veranda.
The proprietor hastened to a nearby
telephone station and sent word to
Captain Murray, commanding at Fort
Totten. who sent a corporal's guard to
bring in the riotous soldiers. A fight
ensued, in which the plate glass in
front of the hotel and behind the bar
was smashed. Doors were torn from
the hinges in the attempt to force the
soldiers to break away, and the place
was badly wrecked. After a long
chase the soldiers were caught and
taken back to the fort.
FURTHER EXTENSION
OF THE CIVIL SERVICE
President Intends That It Shall In
clude the Immigration
Bureau.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 27:— It was
learned in Washington to-night that
President Roosevelt is planning to
make a further extension of the civil
service to the immigration bureau.'
Many of the employes of this branch
of the Government service are already
governed by civil service rules, but it
is said that the President" contem
plates putting practically the entire
service, with the exception of the
higher officers, into the hands of the
Civil Service Commission.
The President has been particularly
interested in recent revelations re
garding frauds in " immigration. He
has had ex-Commissioner of Immigra
tion Sargent at the White House fre
quently of late for lengthy consulta
tions.
TEXAS WANTS TO BENEFIT
BY THE ARID LAND ACT
Land Owners Agree With People of
" New Mexico on Joint Use '
of Water.
EL PASO, Dec. 27.— El Paso Valley
land owners to-day formed a water
users' association and pledged 6000
acres to the Elephant Butte dam proj
ect of the reclamation service, agree
ing to work jointly with the New
Mexico land owners for the dam. The
dam will afford all the water needed
to reclaim a great portion of the arid
land in both New Mexico and Texas.
Congress must first extend the privi
lege, to Texas, however, as it is not
one of the States to which the arid
land act applies.
The action to-day ends a long and
bitter fight .between Texas and New
Mexico for the water rights of the Rio
Grande River, and assures the recla
mation of 180.000 acres.'
LAWS OF COUNTRY- DO 'NOT
APPLY TO CANAL ZONE
Ruling Made by the Assistant Attor-
ney General of the Interior
Department.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 27.— In an
opinion rendered to-day by Frank
L. Campbell, Assistant Attorney Gen
eral for the Interior Department, it Is
held that the laws of the United
States are not applicable to the Pan
ama canal zone. The canal zone is de»
scribed in the opinion as not being an
organized territory of. ; the United
States, and the Assistant Attorney
General holds, that there is no pro^
vision in the treaty with Panama or
the laws ;or regulations making . the
laws of the United States generally ap*
plicable.
The Question at issue was whether
or not. the patent or trademark law
extended to the canal zone.
Doughnuts can be , opened without
the aid of a nut cracker.
YOUNG GIRL
JUMPS TO
HER DEATH
Hurls Herself .From Third
Story Window of a House
in New York Under
Mysterious Circumstances
JOCKEY JOHN H0AE
INVOLVED IN CASE
Wearing Apparel of Well
Known Rider Found in
the Room From Which
Woman Leaped to Street
NEW YORK, Dec. 27.— A young
woman known as Cecil Hall, but whose
right name is Cecilia Moss, killed her
self to-day by jumping from the third
story window of a house near Broad
way in West Forty-sixth street- From
articles found in the room from which
she jumped it is believed that with her
before she hurled herself to the street
was John Hoar, a jockey, who had re
cently returned to this country .from
Russia. It is believed the woman and
Hoar cam* to this city from Washing
ton, D. C.
Her act created a commotion In the
neighborhood, where It was declared
that the girl was screaming for help
after she was seen to fling herself
from the window.
Coroner Scholer took charge of th«
case to-day and gave it as his opinion
that the girl had been detained against
her will and was attempting to es
cape. The woman's clothing was
found scattered about the room from
which she leaped. y-
She had been at the house only a
few hours before her death.
The suit case found in the room
contained women's and men's clothing.
The police believe that the marks on
the man's clothing show that it was
bought in Warsaw, Poland. A man's
overcoat bore the name of "Hoar."
Other articles of men's clothing bore
the mark "J. H." The Initials found
on the clothing and on silver-backed
hairbrushes found -in the suitcases
correspond with those of the jockey.
The tailor whose name appears on
the overcoat found at the Forty-sixth
street house said to-night that he
made the coat for J. Hoar, the jockey.
Among the woman's effects was a
newspaper clipping which said that
Jockey Hoar headed the winning list
of jockeys on Russian mounts and
spoke in complimentary terms of him.
Hoar was located in Hoboken by
detectives, who are trying to find out
what he knows about the dead woman.
Hoar informed the police to-night
that the woman was in his company
yesterday afternoon and that he went
with her to the door of her house.
There he left her, he said, and about
an hour later he called her up by tele
phone. She appeared to be in good
spirits and asked him to write to her.
Ho admitted having met the young
woman while he was riding at a re
cent Bennings meeting and that he
came to this city with her at its close.
LANCASTER, Pa., Dec. 27.— The
young woman calling herself Cecil
Hall, who was killed by plunging from
the third-story window of a lodging
house in New York to-day was in reali
ty Cecilia Moss of this city. She was
23 years of age. '
Her mother is unable to give much
information as to the girl's recent
career. About a year ago the girl
went to Washington, D. C. Later she
wrote to her mother that on Septem
ber 6 she had married Clifton Frazer
of that city, who, she said, was a
clerk in the Government employ.
The girl also stated that she and her
husband had adopted the name of
Mr. and Mrs. I. J. Hall. She directed
th^t letters should be addressed to her
under the name of Hall, in care of
Mrs. Webb, at the Forty-sixth-street
address.
A photograph of Frazer which she
sent to her mother showed him to be
a rather handsome man about SO years
of age and smooth-faced.
Jockey John Hoar is well known to
California racegoers. He rode on the
local tracks for several years, with
more or less success. Several years
aso Hoar went to Russia, where he
was the Jockey for a powerful stable
owned by a member of the nobility.
Durins the past . season Hoar headed
the list of winning jockeys in Russia.
He recently returned from Europe to
pass the winter in th!s\country.
MIDDIES COME TO GRIEF
FOR HOLIDAY CELEBRATIOX
Banquets of Annapolis Cadets Broken.
Up and Three May Be
Dismissed.
ANNAPOLIS. . Dec. 27. — The naval
academy authorities discovered that
preparations for the drinking of a
large amount of intoxicants during the
holidays had been made by some of
the midshipmen, the liquor to be ob
tained through academy attendants.
Watchmen were placed at the gates
to inspect persons coming in and were
successful In finding considerable
quantities of liquor, which was con
fiscated.
A quantity of It was smuggled in,
however, and several banquets were
interrupted in different quarters. As
a result the prison ship Santee is full
of offending midshipmen and three
have been recommended for dismissal.
SWELL CLUB CHARGED WITH
VIOLATING LIQUOR LAWS
The Pacific In Honolulu Accused of
Carrying on Business Without
a License.
HONOLULU. Dec. 21. — Attor
ney General Andrews has rendered an
opinion for Governor Carter to the ef
fect that the Pacific Club, the most
fashionable men's club in the islands,
is violating the liquor law.s in supply-
Ing its members with liquor without
having a regular license.. As a result
of the opinion a case has been brought
against ex-Governor A. S. Cleghorn,
president of the club, charging him
with selling liquor without a license.
Pnssed Spurious Checks.
SAN DIEGO, Dec. 27. — H. S. Budd,
■who is wanted in Los Angeles for
passing- spurious checks, was arrested
here to-day. He was taken into cus
tody yesterday morning, but as a tele
gram from Los Angeles informed the
officers that there was no complaint
against him there he was released.
To-day it was announced that some of
his victims were Teady to prosecute
him and he was quickly taken into
custody.
WOULD PROHIBIT
SALMON FISHING
Canners in the Puget Sound
Country Unite on Plan to
Stop Destruction of Fish
Special Dlaratch to The Call.
TACOMA. Dec. 27.— Total prohibition
of all salmon fishing on the Puget
Sound, on the Fraser River and la
all waters frequented by fish making
for the Fraser River spawning: grounds
during: the years 1906 and 1908, and tha
establishment of a weekly close season
of thirty-six hours in all sound water*
during the year 1905 is the programme
of the Puget Sound and British Colum
bia salmon canners as decided upon at
a meeting held last week. In 1307 fish
may be caught without restraint aav*
as to close season regulations..
It is the intention of the Puget Souna
canners to Introduce and secure pas
sage of a bill through the State Legis
lature convening in January which shall
make it unlawful for salmon of any
kind to be taken during 1906 and 1903.
Incorporated in the bill which is now
in course »of preparation there is a
clause relating to the enforcement of
a weekly thirty-six hours closing
throughout the entire Puget Sound dis
trict. &i?Z£.*;-:
NEGRO CAUSES REIGN
OF TERROR IN SOUTH
Holds Up Four Persons In One Hour
in the Streets of Lo»
Angeles.
LOS ANGELES. Dec 27.— A -trail
dressed negro who made no attempt to
conceal his features created a small
reign of terror In the southeastern por
tion of the city about 10 o'clock to-night
by holding up and robbing four persons
within less than an hour, each robbery
being committed within two blocks of
the other. The robber chose the vicin
ity of Fifteenth and Wall streets as
the center of operations and there held
up F. H. Morrow and Mrs. Florence
Wilson. Twenty minutes later E. Wurfl
was held up two blocks away and
robbed of $16. George Thomas was ths
fourth victim and he contributed ?3 to
the robber.
The negro was armed with a bright
gun with a seven-Inch barrel, and
while searching his victims Joked "with
them, telling them he had to hav»
money to play the races. He made his
escape. .
SAVED FRO3I DEATH
IX MIRACULOUS WAT
Hunter Thrown Over Bluff by 3IuIe
Falls Into Branches of
Tree.
BOULDER CREEK. Dec. 27. — H.
G. Hollenback, president of the
Boulder Creek Game and Fish Pro,
tective Association, was saved from
instant death In a miraculous manner
yesterday while hunting In the Bis
Basin. The mule he was riding,
frightened by the loosening of the sad
dle girths, began to buck and kick,
and finally threw him over a bluff.
He fell a distance of forty feet, lodg
ing In a large woodrat's nest, which
was built In the limbs of a tall red
wood 150 feet from the ground. He
hung there until ropea were pro^
cured and he was released from his
perilous position.
SAX BERNARDINO JAIL
HOLDS ALLEGED SWINDLER
Dnurgist Accused of, Fleecing Citizens
of San Dlejro Behind
the Bars.
SAN DIEGO. Dec. 27.— Dr. J. C. Pel
tier, a druggist who fleeced a number
of San Diego people, has been arrested
at San Bernardino, where he was reg
istered under the name of J. C. Fre
mont, Washington. D. C.
The doctor left here for Santa, Mon
ica, where he ran up a hotel bill of
large proportions and left without
paying. He will first be taken to Santa
Monica, and will be brought here later,
unless the authorities succeed in hold-
Ing him there.
LIFE IMPRISONMENT FOR
FORMER HAYTIAX PRESIDENT
Sam Sentenced to Hard Labor and
His Wife to Term of Fif
teen Years.
PORT AU PRINCE. Hayti. Dec. 2T.—
The court has rendered a Judgment la
default, condemning former President
Sam to imprisonment for life at hard
labor for the alleged issuance of fraud
ulent bonds. • Madame Sam Is sentenced
to»flfteen years* Imprisonment and ■•"vw
eral members of Sam's Ministry and
other high functionaries have been con
demned to terms of imprisonment,
ranging from five to fifteen years.
At latest advices President Sam was
living In the Island of St. Thomas,
D. W. I.
SHOWS HIS APPRECIATION
OF FIRE FIGHTERS* WORK
Redding Department Presented With
Hosecart by Grateful Victim
of Flames.
REDDING, Dec. 26. — Last May an
incendiary fire caused $12,000 damage
in the yard of the Terry Lumber Com
pany. Good work on the part of the
Redding volunteer fire department
prevented a greater loss. To-day the
firemen received a handsome, up-to
date hosecart as a token of apprecia
tion of their work from J. E. Terry
of Sacramento, head of the lumber
company.
San Franciscan in Reno Jail.
RENO. Dec. 27.— -Arthur A. Marks of
San Francisco was arrested In Reno
to-day on the complaint of Richard
KIrman, president of the Farmers* and
Merchants' Bank of this city, charged
with forging checks on the bank. He
was later arrested on an order from
Chief of Police Delaney of Seattle ac
cusing him of the same crime.
Californians in Washington.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 27.— The fol
lowing Californians arrived here to
day:
At the New Willard — W. E. Loucks
of San Francisco. At the Raleigh —
W* S. Fosgate and Miss Caroline Fos
gate*of Santa Clara.
SUE FOR DAMAGKa.— K. M. Branaford and
his wife. Margaret R. Bransford yesterday
sued the United Railroads fo»r I10.70O inm
ages. They allege that on September 17 they
were dxlvinc across McAllister stre?t and a
car ran Into their rig. Mrs. Bransford «u
thrown out and si:st?lne«l a broken ankle.
NOT A TRUST. — In the patent suit of the
Otis Elevator Company vs. B. C. von E»H'>n
yesUrday. Ucit'cl States Circuit Judge Hunt
struck out certain portion* of the complaint on
the ground that If a combination really ex
isted, as alleged, it was not In conflict with
the provisions of the Sherman anti-trust act.
CLEVELAND. Ohio. Dec. 27. — Judge Francis
J. Wing has forwarded to the President hi*
resignation as Judge of the Northern District
of Ohio. Hto reasons. Judge Wing says, wens
entirely personal. Ha will resume bis l»w
sractlc*.COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Proslrctcd ii-ircs dcrcncc receipts of quotations.
IV all-strcct -Stocks open ivith sovac advance.
Local Stocks and Bonds vent quiet. Mining Shares aciive.
WJicat quiet and steady, but Freights zveak and dull. -
Barley auiet. Oats and R\eHrm. Corn unsettled and weak.
Bran lozvcr under heavy receipts. Flay steady and unchanged.
Flour, Millstutfs, Beans and Seeds quiet.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs unchanged. Provisions slozr.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins about as before.
No change in Wool, Hops and Hides.
Live and dressed Meats in good supply and quiet.
Potatoes steadier. Onions and Vegetables zvcakcr.
Poultry and Game cleaning ui> well.
Frail market still affected by cool weather.
Tbo WeafJier and Crops.
Tfce. weelCr rrport of A. O. McAdle. section
Clrector of the climate and crcp service of
the XVeat'her Bvreaii. Is &s fellows:
GENERAL SUMMARY
• Tb» leather fiarlng the first of the week
ru edol; 'per and cloudy in nearly all
• atrts .cf the ftate, with frequent frosts in
c-_*t ucttocs. Iialn commenced f&Illnx In
Eouti-.'-m Cillfomli on the 224 and continued
th& State on the 23d aad 24th.
CVe heaviest precipitation occurred ia the
Conhem eertlsns ar.d u-as accompasied by
•sow in the mountain districts.
Tb» southern sections received the rreatest
fceseflt trofci tiie rain, axid plowing and se«d
ln£ are ' tow proErestlng rapidly. Sonie of
the r&n£h*rs htd dry-eown their grain, end
this »aa greatly benefited by the jr*in, which
ta most r-^-y. : o:.s was about one inch. In the
central aad northern secticrjt eariy-sown grain
ccr«::r.uci . in •Koellent coRdiUon, though Its
trow L3 t,is beea iox»vbit retarded by cool
v »-a.;:.tr, f-:.i. « :: i t;.J seeding are still in
profiTcas. i>rc«pects *j-e t -.-j lor an unusaai-
If .l&rse- fccroftge of u ;.■„•„ oats and baxley
la ail the ce#tral asd northern sections, and
Uie outlook Is the sou'Ji is much better than,
*l esj- time Ccrizg the sta»on. Green feed Is
tbundaat ■ ar.4 ot rood quality In all place*
except Xhe south aud Is Improving there. Cat
tle at* :r. f .■ ji oondltion in moet places.
Citrus fruits in 6outtern California are In
tuuca b*tv«r- condition sine* the rain. Or
.turaa'ef* ripening r&pidly end shipping la In
progress;' -toe fruit is reported excellent in
tuaiity-. Prospects are good for a larg« crop
of tei^osa ta the south. Or»a*« harvest Is
practicably completed In the Porter\Ule and
OrovilJe districts anfl progressing «lowly at
Cloveriaie. Pruning In orchards and vlne
yi.r&a tesilBnes..
£A.CRAiIENTO VAX.LET.
• OooU- oloudjr and foggy weainer prevailed
«urir* th» - first of tcs week, followed by
jthower* Oil the 23(1 and 24ta and snow in the
'sountriss. At the dose of the week the
yeaxher wu mtich cooier and heary frosts oc
•eurred. ' Plowing and seeding continue, and
Uie acreage In grain will probably be consld
,*rfLb]> tkrEcr than that of last season. Early
fo«|r rrain Is maklr.g fair growth and looks
mu and cealt_!^-. no damage having been
<Jone by cold v.-eather. Green feed Is still
plentiful,- but ; its growth has been somewhat
retarded; ty the e»ld. Cattle are in good eon-
CtUoo. " Orchard pruning continues, and some
tvork ir being . done in vineyards. Oranges
Jiave j-ielded a good crop, excellent In Quality;
picklsnt and shipping are nearly completed.
COAST AND BAY SECTION'
Tfce weather was cool and cloudy most of
*he we«1t, with ft«s In the coast districts and
?ro«ts in the interior. P-aia commenced in the)
Lerars.1 Ecrthern sections on th» 23d and
vu quite hea.v>- In Sonoma County. The rain
fall was lirhter In the southern districts on
tne -24th, but was sufflcect to soften the soil
ii'r ' :>li>wlng« give new Hfe to pasturage- and
revive .the early Brain and alfalfa. No ma
terial damage has been done by frost, but
strain kh<J feed h&ve made slow growth. Early
(rrain is". locking well In the central and north
ertj sections and pasturage is plentiful. Con-
In th« eouth have greatly Improved
•»ince. lart w*ek. Orchard? and vineyards are
btrrzz' cleaned up and pruning is In progress.
Oranges *r.d lemons et CToverdaJe are In gtx>d
.Fonditioa.
. . ■ • BAN XOAQUIN VAT.T.TTT.
" 'Dense Sogs prevailed most of the week,
•with cold, frosty nights and mornings. Light
rain felj in nearly all sections on the 23d and
24th» an4 Jn Tnoex places was eufflcent to
•often tbf «oll for plowing, revive early town
sain end etart pasturage. The acreage in
grain .at- present Is net up to the average, but
■plowing and wieding will now progress more
rai>idly. Karly sown grain is in good condi
tion in -the central and northern districts
and- lias been greatly benefited by the rain.
Keed ;s"iT!ectlful except in the south and
Stock are doing well. Citrus fruits are nearly
tii gathered, but crange picking Is progress-
Ira: at Escaloa. Good crops of oranges and
lemons have been harvested ln'Tulare and
cthe^ counties. Pruning continues In some
place*. ■"*• -•
EOmiERX CALIFORNIA
The weather was cooler than during the pre
ceding w«k and light frosts occurred in some
iectipa*. Rain commenced on the 22d and
continued xintil the 24th In nearly all sections.
At La Mesa -the precipitation on the 22d and
J3d vas 2.10 inches. It iras somewhat light
*r pn the -lower • levels, but will b« of great
benefit to orchards, grain and pasturage. The
long drought has b<^n of serious detriment
to. ail crops, and catt;e have Buffered from the
•carctj}' of ;e*d. Orar.ces are now maturing
more rapidly end are of excellent quality,
bt:t th» yield will be Hrhter than usua!.
l>«nons are doing well end a good crop is
probable.. •
Loe •.Angeles Summary — Rain ruffldent ia
tte emith to start plowing and FPeiir.g and
frtshesed leefl la the north; elsewhere too
Jlrfct "to 4o good. L«ll In orange shipments
• :»1 after neve jtux. Heavy frosts In north
ern eectlfm Injured lesions In some p!aees and
killed tender, vegrtatloa.
EASTERN' MARKETS.
yew York Money Market,
NEW YORK, Dee. 27-— Money on call,
•■teady, £% ver cent; closing bid and offered. 2.
Tlzne loans, ea*y and dull; sixty days and
ninety day/, S3-V« f>w cent; six months, 2V*Q>
Sft per ccict. '
Prime mercantile paper, 4&4ft per cent.
Sterling exchange, firm, with actual busl
«r M in bankers' bills at $4.8715^4.872 for i!e
ir.ar.d aiil *r*t.S47et*475 for sixty day bills.
Potted' rates. $4 8T.»-'.f?4 &S.
Corcm-rcial HMs. f 4 M%.
Ear .silver, Cl^C.
Mexican cottars. 4« I ,ic
Government bonds, steady; railroad ben-!*,
Srro. . : . .
Jfex* York Stock Sfarkeu
■JCETVYOfcH. D«c. 27.— The Stock Exchange
j*arumed bueirees to-Cay after the three days'
kcliday vr'.lH "cn'.y a languid interest and the
Hjarket was ■ nominal affair. This was in
accordance with expectations and the writ
ctat* of. affairs is expected to endure throurh
th« week. TJie tightness of the money market.
T.-fclch is usually a feature of this time of
tl* year. i*/-entirf!y lacking at the present
time sffid the rat** tor time mosey to-day were
lower. Th« .condition in the meney market is
cue to the extrtTr.ely quiet/ speculation in
stocks. 0 There er e besides Rome coming re
«ju!renienU beyond tl.e «-nd of the week which
probably have to do wi»h the desire to main
tain Quiet conditions, in foreign money cen
ters the event of chief importance seems to be
the forthcomlnx Russiar. lean which It ex
pected to be offered in Berlin and Paris
toward the end of January and which Is ex
pected io delay the easing effect of the Influx
of funds following the annual settlements. It
it eusrx-cted that eorae of the larg-e capital
flotations by American railroads, which are
to be used . !n funding \arr,n temporary in
debtedness, -will Uien be rot far distant Fx
cept on the hypctheM* cf future demands "of
f.n.f such character it is difficult to explain
the present vh< nominal quietude of the mar
ket. While- Use stock market was but little
more act.ive to-day than .during the dull nes
eloa of last Friday the tone was Ftror.g. This
xras In accordance •with the tenor of th^ news
■wrklch vat generally favorable. The elaborate
terminal projects of the New York Central In
?C«?tr Ycrit and the report cf a heavy outlay
fcy the PenEeyJvania in Chicago for the «ame
purpose seemed to te impressive to sentiment
at evidence of confidence in the railroad world
for the permanence *nf prorperous conditions.
The cripplinc of the wire service by the storm
•ipfjravated the dullness ct business. The day's
li-.\ .-. r.iv -s were held veil until the closing,
which wa* dull and firm.
IJcndf were firm. Total sales, par value
1 1.410.000.
United State* bond* v.-er«> unchanged on call.
Xew York Stock List.
Atrhison *-.. £6%!L'riicn Pacific 111^,
Do T>f«S 101 < Do pfd HO14
Brit & Ohio lCOU'Wnbarh "Jt(,
n> p:d ; 95*4' Do pfd 4*>,i:
Canadian Pacific. 1HJ y< Wheel & L. Erie. 1«U
Central of N J.. 19^ 'W!t Ontral 22'
Che 8 & Oaio.... . 47"i* Do pfd- -4514
Ctl & Alton .... 42»ilMex Central 20U
Do pfd SI |So Pacific pfd...llST,
I Chi Great West.. 221*! Express Companies — *
Chicago & N W..205ft|A<5«uns ....236.
Chi. Mil & St P.170V»iAmerlcan 205
Do/pfd 1S1 lUnlted States ...118
Ctl Term & T.. 12 IWeris-Fargo 237
Do pfd 22 1 /il Miscellaneous — - •
C. C, C A St L. . OlVjjAmal Copper f.6»4
-Colo Eooutfcern... 2.5% Amer Car & F... 34«i
Do 1st pfd €2»»1 Do pfd 93«i
Do 2d pfd 37 | Amor Cotton Oil. 36?»
Del & Hudson... 186ft| Do pfd "85
Del. L & West. .330 Amer Ice 6*i
Den & Rio G 30^ Do pfd 37^
Do Ffd SSftlAmer Lin Oil 16ft
Erie 37?n Do-pfd 37
Do 1st pfd 74% Amer Locomotive. 84
Do 2d pfd 54 1 ., Do pfd 102
Hocking Valley.. «)ft Amer S A Ret... 81ft
Do pfd 91 Do pM 112
111 Central I54ft Amer Sugar Ref.l42? B
(Iowa Central ... 29 (Anaconda Mln 102 ■■
Do pfd 55ft! Brooklyn R Tr. . €1
| Kans City So... 2SVColo Fuel & I...' 45%
Do pfd 53 ICons Gas 2C0?i
j Louis & Nash lSO^fCom Products ... 20%
. Manhattan L 104 s ;! Do pfd 77
I Mptr6 Securities, "fe 7 ,.! Distillers' Secur.. 2Sft
(Metro 6t Ry 120«j, Gen Electric^ 1S6
i Minn A St Louis. . r >5 Inter Paper 24ft
! Minn. StP &SM. S9 Do rfd 76ft
Do pfd 147 Inter Pump ..:... 37ft
I Mo PaciSo v.lOCH Do pfd .85
1 M.. K ft Texas... 30;ijNational Lead ... 22^
Do pfd K2ft1xorth American. .100ft
• NHK of Mex pfd. r.9N,!Pacifle Mall 43
N Y Central 144^' People's Gas 106%;
Nor A Western... 79 i IVesscd S Car.. 39>4
Do pfd 9314! Do pfd S9ft
! Oat & Western... 40*4 Pullman Pal Car.234
I Pennsylvania 137*4 'Republic Steel.... 16
• Pitts. CCS a 76^! Do pfd 68*4
I Reading 78ft'Rubbcr Goods ... 261$
Do 1st pfd iKf'jl Do pfd 91
Do 2d pfd...... S2VTeim Coal A Iron. I1U
Hock Island Co.. 3<\\\U S Leather 14U
Do pfd 85 Do pfd 101ft
PL A SF 2d_pfd. 66 IL'iS Realty 79
! Bt Louis S W. .. 25ftlU S Rubber 32%
Do pfd 57%l Do pfd 94%
Bo Pacific eimu S Steel.... 29^4
60 Hallway 34?* | Do -pfd 92%
Do pfd ft6ft ; Weetlnghouae E1..1S4
, Texas A Pacific. 34*i[Western Union .. 92
Tol. St L A W. ."36Vi!
Do pffl fl3 ft! 481.000 total sales.
\ew York Bonds.
j U S ref 2s reg..lO4H'L & N unified 4s. 104
Do coupon 104% I Man con gold 4s. 105%
Do 8s reg ICrtftjMex Central 4s... 70
Do coupon. l<Mft! Do let Inc 22ft
Do new 4s reg.l30a 4 iMinn & St L 4s.. 97
Do coupon..-.:. .131HIM K * Texas 4*.100%
Do old 4s reg.105%! Do 2ds S5Vi
Do coupon 10<j%|NR of Mex con 4s 82
Atch gen 4a 102\|N Y C gen 3fts. .101ft
Dp ad 4a. 94%iN J C gen 5s.... 136
Atlantic C'l. 4*.10O (Nor Pacific 4s... .105%
BaJt A Ohio 4a..ia{\| Do 3s 75ft
Do Sfts !*3%|Nor A W con 48.101
; Central pf Ga 6s. Ill ViiOSL 4s & panic. 104
Do 1st inc 02ft jPa conv 3fts 102U
j Ches A Ohio 4fts.lO7*i (Reading gen 4s... 102%
' Chi A Alton 3fts. 83 IS L A I M con 6S.116U
i C. n&jQ new 4s.lOO%'S L & S-F fg 4s. S9%
i CM A SP gn 48.111«4:.st Louis S\V Ists. 97ft
C ft NW con 7s.l29i4 "Seaboard A L 4s. S4ft
C, R I A Pac Ab. KiVilSo Pacific 4s 94U
Do col 5s 94ft|So Railway Ba.. ..119%
C.C.C A SLgn 4s.l01>4;Tex & Pac Ists. .119ft
Chi Term 4s. f-satlTol. St L & W 4s. 82%
Cons Tobacco 4s. 75 Union Pacific 4s.lf.6ft
Colo A So 4s 911^1 Do conv 4s 111S
Den & Rio G 4s.lO2 J IT S Steel 2d 5s.. 92ft
Erie prior lien 4s.lO2 IWabash Ists 117ft
Do gen 4s ...... 02^,1 Do deb B 66%
F W & D C lsts.IfiSUlW & L Erie 4s... 93
Hock Va! 4fts...lll |Wls Central 4s... 93
:'?.-. Netr York Mining Stocks.
Adams Con 20'uttle Chief 05
Alice 60|Ontario 3 75
I Breece 17 Ophir .... t 3 50
I Bruns Con Oti'Phoenix 08
Com Tunnel .... OSlPotosi 14
Con Cal A Va. .. 1 45'Savage 15
Horn Sliver ..... 1 KO'Slerra Nevada 35
Iron Silver 2 05! Small Hopes 25
Leadvllle Con 02!Standard 2 00
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— |U S Steel 2994 1
Call loans 3 €ti\ Do pfd 92%
Time loans 3»i@5'Wepting Common. 90
Bond* — I Mining — . -++-
Atchlson 4s 101 »;f Ad venture 5U
Do adj is 94 lAllouez 18 "
Mex Central 4s... 75 |Amal Copper .... 66%
Railroads — Amer Zinc 11*4
Atchison SC»;iAtlantie ja
Do pfd lOl^iBingham 33%
Boston & Albany.253 ICalumct ft Hecla.630
Boston A Maine.170 JCentennial 23ft
Boston Elev 1KI ICopper Range ... «4h
, Fitchbtjrg pfd 140 'Daly West .... 12 T 4
Mex Central 19«4IDom Coal (10 "
N Y. N H & H..197 (Franklin 10U
Union Pacific 113*4'r; ran oy 5
MlFCeJlaneous — ]lsle Rnyale 2flW
Amer Arge Cliem. 2ft s i (Mats Mining 8*1
Do rfd 8* iMichipan .......... 9
Amer Pneu Tube. 5Vi I Mohawk 4Sft
Amer Sugar 142%!Mont Coal & Coke 5
Do pM 130 jOld Dominion ... 25U
Amer Tel ft Te:.149'.; I Osceola 92'
Amer Woolen ... 21ftlParrot 26^4
Do pfd f>4 iQuincy 105 .
Dom Iron ft S... 17 (Shannon s»i
Ed Elect IHum..254 (Tamarsck 115
Orn Electric 1S5 iTrinity 8«i
Mans Electric »SH*O S Mining 54
Do rM CTHJn s 011 io^
j M»«=s Gas 37i;!Utah 41 il
1 United Fruit 107 I Victoria 414
I Un Shoe Mach... MUlWinona n'4
Do pfd 31H! Wolverine 104'
T/ondon Closing: Stocks.
Cons money... 88 11-16'N Y Central UKM
Do aect 88 3-lfllNor A Western... 80%
Anaconda J>%" Do pfd 95
Atchison PS%»Ont & Western... 44U
Do Pfd IOC 'Pennsylvania 70U
HaU & Ohio 103HiRand Min«-« llK
Can Pacific 133%|p.».ading 40U
Che« & Ohio 4S%j Do l«t pfd 46
Chi Great West.. 22*;' Do 2d pfd 4114
Chi. Mil A St P. 174i; 'So Railway . . .".SU
De Beers 18%! D(> pM m J
Dm A Rio O SI 14! So Pacific filM
Do pfd fil (Union Pacific 114'
Erie 37% Do pfd 98
Do 1st pfd 71MIU S Bteel.-. ....... 30U
Do 2d pfd 55 I Do Pfd M
Til Central ISH IWafcash M23
T>oul« A Naeh.. ..143H' Do pfd .... 44
M. K A Texas... 31%'SpanUh 4s '. 89ft
Bar silver — Firm; 28 3-16d per ounce"
Money — 2 \Lff3 per cent.
• The rate of discount in the open market for
ehcrt bills Is 2 13-lCtf2% per cent and for
three months* bills 2 13-16 per cent.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 27.— To-day's etate
ment of ths treasury balances In the general
fund chows: Available cash balance, S141 -
C29.120; gold. $80,992,103.
New York Cotton Sfarket,
NEW YORK, Dee. 27.— COTTON— Futures
opened steady. December, offered. 7.30c; Jan
uary, 7.24e; February. 7.32c; March, 7.36c;
May. 7.47c; June. 7.52c; July. .7.60c; August.
7.«W>c bid/
Future* closed barely steady.' December,
r>.S5c; January. fl.SSc; February. C95c; March,
7.05c: April. 7.07c; June, 7.25c; July, 7.29c;
August, 7.32e; September, 7.38c: October, 7.G8c.
Bpot cotton closed quiet, 25 points lower.
Middling uplands. 7.35c; Middling Gulf. 7.e0c
Bales, 943 bales.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Dec. 27.— FLOUR— Receipts.
2C.O0O barrels; exports, 2500 barrels; steady.
WHEAT — Hecrtpta, 113,000 bushels; exports,
57,000 busheU. Spot firm; No. 2 nominal ele
vatcr and $1 20*4 f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 North
ern. Duiuth. $1 25% V o. b. afloat."
Options were quiet all. day on account of
wire trouble, but txperienced* a strong ad
vance. May closwJ at |1 15?'»; July at fl «3H;
December nt *l'2f)?i.
HOPS— Ouict; elds 14c*
WCOLr-Klrm.
FUGAR — Raw, firm: refined, steady.
COFFEE— The market for . coffee^ futures
closed steady/ net 5 to 10 points. higher. Total
rale*. 111.750 bass. Including: January, ' 7.00^
7.7«c: M*r<;h. 7.SOfi,7.»5c; May/ 8.O56S.20c;
July, S.:*0<&8.3r>c; September, • 8.45®8.65c.
BLTTEK— Finn. Street prices, extra cream
ery. , 27^27'^; official jari ccs, creamery, com
mon to extra, 17627c; . do. held ' common to
extra. "JjU-I^c: .Western lair to common. 133
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 28, 1904.
1 I c; , Westerr > Imitation creamery, ;ommon to
choice. 16021c.
CHEESE— Quiet.
EGGS- Lower. Western fancy sr.ected, 20c;
do. average, beet. 25c. : \
DRIED FRUITS. \
EVAPOP.ATKD APPLES— The fciarket is
well sustained, although demand i5 moderate.
Common are quoted at 3^@4c; prift.e at 4*4®
'tfiiTril 010 *' ftl &5iac, and fancy, (J.;7c.
™ti\LS — Are said to be in a fcfalthy posi
tion, with an advance probable if the demand
«» ordinarily good. At the inomeitv however,
the market shows little feature, >/ith quota
tions ranging from 2c to 5c, according to
APRICOTS— Are without changK Choice,
lOc^; extra choice, 10&<3ilc, and 'jfancy, ll^i
PEACHES— Are quiet but steady. 1 * Choice
are held at 9ij(j: extra choice at 10«4@10aic
and fancy at 11U@12 C
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. 27.— The London tin mar
ket was firm. Spot closed at £133 12s 6d and
futures at £133. The local market was quiet
at $29 :i0S20 60.
Copper was firm abroad, with spot closing
at £67 5s and futures at £67 10s. Locally a
better demand was noted. Lak? $15 12ft@
15 25; electrolytic, $15 12ft. and cr.«'ting, J14 50
<0'H 75. . -
Lead wa* unchanged at £12 13- 9d in Lon
don and at $4 60®4 70 in the loci market.
Spelter was firm at £24 15s In London, while
locally the market for spot was q ;,ted at $6®
Iron closed at 63s 6d in Glasgovland at 50s
4ftd in Middlesboro. Locally Iri\ was un
changed, r V j. »• -.
CHICAGO BOARD OF ljUADE.
Future Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO. Deo. 27. — Inspired bjj a good de
mand wheat opened strong, with May up Hffi
ftc to %&%c at fl 12*i<S>113ft. fie weather
map reported cold weather as prevailing . In
the »;orthwest and rapidly spreading across the
whole countrj'. The cold wave male the prob
ability of reduced deliveries of wheat by
farmers much more certain than had been
previously apparent. Another factor Influential
in produclnx a bulge was a cablegram from a
Chicago crop expert In Argentina. The tele
gram stated that much of the wheat crop In
Argentina had been ripened prematurely by
frost. From the first tap of the bell lively
demand was In evidence from commission
houses, but sellers were few. In consequence
the market Bteadily sained In strenKUi, not
withstanding reports indicating that the long
drought In the winter wheat territory had been
broken by rain or snow. Demand for cash
wheat, both in the Northwest and Southwest,
was greatly Improved and this helped to cre
ate ' a more- bullish sentiment In speculative
trading. Primary -receipts also were much
smaller than for the corresponding day a year
ago. but owing to wire trouble these statistics
were incomplete. During the latter part of tho
session a leader of the bull crowd was a free
seller. Increased offerings found ready buyers,
however, and prices continued to .mount. The
market closed at the highest point of the ses
sion. May being quoted at |1 14ft@l 14%.
The corn market held firm throughout the
session. May closed at 45%@45%c.
The oats market waa influenced by Btrength
In other grains and by the anticipated Increase
In consumption that would result from zero
weather- May closed at 31 %c.
Provisions started strong on smaller receipts
of hogs, but at the advance offerings were
larger than the buying orders could absorb.
May pork closed at $12 87ft; May lard at $7 20
and May ribs at $6 72ft@«».
< The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
December 1 12>4 1 13 1 12Vi 1 13
May 1 13ft 1 14% 1 12% 4 1 14V, 1
July 99 m% m% 99%
Corn No. 2 —
December 46'4 46% «6 46ft
May 45% 45% 46ft 45%
July 46 46V4 40 4C
Oats No. 2 —
December 29ft 29ft 29% 29ft
May 31ft 31«4 31ft 81%
July 31% 31»i 31% 31%
Mess Pork, per barrel —
January 12 €2ft 12 62ft 12 57ft 12 57ft
May 12 95 12 85 12 S7ft 12 87U,
Lard, per 100 lbs—
January ti 87ft 6 90 6 87ft 6 S7ft
May 7 15 7 17ft 7 12ft 7 15
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs —
January 6 47ft 6 50 6 45 6 47ft
May 6 77ft 6 77ft 6 72ft 6 75
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO. Dec. 27.— Cash quotations were as
follows: Flour, steady; No. 2 spring wheat,
$1 CS©1 16: No. a, OSc©$l 12; No. 2 red.
♦1 14%@1 16%; No. 2 corn. 46ft®s47c; No. 2
yellow, 4fift^47c; No. 2 oats, 29ftc; No. 2
white. 31VJ(&aia;c; No. 3 white, 30ft©-31%c;
No. 2 rye. 73c; good feeding barley, :i5S37c;
ft.ir to choice malting, 45(Jr4Se; No. 1 flaxseed,
$1 17; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 25; prinw tim
othy seed, $2 72ft; mess pork, per barrel,
$11 35&U 45; lard, per 100 lbs. $6 77ft: short
ribs sides (loose). $6 2o@-6 37ft; short clear
sides (boxed). $6 62ft&tJ 75; whisky, basis of
hiprh wmer, $1 24; clover, contract grade.
$12 75.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels • 39,100 40,100
Wheat, bushels 187,000 137.S0O
Com, bushels 1,151.000 518,000
Oats, bushels 231.900 252,200
Rye. bushels 2.000 17.500
Barley, bushels 29,700 31,600
Butter, Cheese and Eggs,
CHICAGO, Dec. 27. — On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was firm;
creameries, 16@27c; dairies, 16@23c; eggs,
steady at mark, cases Included, 1 7 f 21c; firsts,
21c; prime firsts, 23c; extras, 25c; cheese, firm,
ll©12c.
CATTLE, SHEEP AXD HOGS.
Chicago.
CHICAGO. Dec. 27.— CATTLE— Receipts,
3000; steady. Native steers. $3 85(g<$ CO; stock
ers and feeders, $2 20@4 25; cows and heifers,
$135^5; bulls. $2@4; calves, $3 50©« 50.
HOGS — Receipts, 10,000; to-morrow, esti
mate. 25,04)0; market 5c higher. Mixed and
butchers, $4 35@4 60; heavy. $4 35^4 65; light.
$4 25ft 4 45.
SHEEP— Receipts 15,000. Wethers. $3 70®
5 20; W estern sheep. $3@5 15; Western lambs,
$5Q6 75.
Omaha.
OMAHA. Nebr.. Dec 27. — CATTLE—Re
ceipts. 14,000; stronger. Native steers, $3@6;
cows and heifws, $2 4034 25; -Western steers,
$3(^4 65; Texas steers, $2 75@3 75; stockers and
feeders, $2 25@3 90; calves, $2 50@5 50.
HOGS — Receipt*. 3300; market 10c higher.
Heavy, *4 60©4a2ft; mixed, $4 50@4 52ft;
lipnt, $4 b2\i,tpi 55; pigs. $4@4 50.
SHEEP— Receipts, 10.000; market stronger.
Western yearlings. $♦ 90@5 35; wethera, $4 80@
6 25; ewes. $3 S5@4 60.
Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY. Dec 27.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 3000; market 10c higher. Native steers,
$3 50@6 25; native cows and heifers. ' $1 75@
5; stockers and feeders, $2 60@4; calves. $3®
6 50: Western steers, $3@5; Western cows,
$1 75ff 3 60.
HOGS— Receipts. 40Q; market 6®10c higher.
Bulk of sales, $4 40@4 65; heavy. $4 6064 70;
packers, $4 50@4 65; pigs and lights, ?.'J SoQ
4 55.
SHEEP— Receipts 1000; strong. Muttons, $4
(§5; lambs. $5^ti 50; range wethers, $4@5 50;
ewes, $3 00m 50.
31ISCELLAXEOUS MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — ■ ■ March. May.
Opening 7.1%, 7 1%
Closing 7 1>4 7 1%
PARIS.
Wheat — Dec. Mac-June.
Opening 23 CO 24 75
Closing 23 CO 24 75
' Flour —
Opening 31 05 32 20
Closing 31 O5 32 20
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON. Dec. 27.— Despite the fact that the
wool market remains quiet, the supply of un
sold material available has seldom been so
small as at present. Quotations:
Territory — Idaho fine, 18^@-19c; heavy fine,
1C@ 17c; fine medium, ' 18V6@19c; medium, 22®
23c; low medium, 23@24c.
Wyoming fine. 17>i@18c; heavy fine, 15@10c;
fine medium, 17@lSc; medium, 23@24c.
Utah and Nevada fine, 17@18c; heavy fine,
lD@16c; fine medium, 17@18c; medium, 22@23c;
low medium, 23S24c.
St. Louis Wool . Market.
' ST. LOUIS. D«c. 27. — Wool, steady. Me
dium grades, combing and clothing. 23(629c;
light fine, 18®22%o;. heavy fine. 14@18c; tub
washed, 27©41c.
Northern Business.
TACOMA Wash., Dec. 27. — Clearings, $639,
835; balances. $49,789.
PORTLAND, Ore., Dec 27. — Clearings, $S33,
72T; balances, $67,200.
■SPOKANE. Wash., Dec. 27. — Clearings,
$522,106: balances, $62,783. -
SEATTLE, Wash.; Dec 27.— Clearings, $745,-
C96; balances, $162,979.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
*' PORTLAND, Dec. 27.— WHEAT— Export:
Walla Walla, 81c; bluestem. 85c. Milling:
.Walla Walla, 85c; >bluestem, 88®»0c; valley,
87c : Eastern market basis: -Walla Walla,
8a®S5c: bluestem. . 00c. .:
•NOXONIHSVAi
TACCSLA, Dec. 27.— Wheat uncha'nss.L' Blue,
stem.' SSc; club, 85a
LOCAIi MARKET.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. $4 S5 @ —
Sterling Exchange, sight 4 87%@ —
Sterling Exchange, cables. 4 S7%® —
New York Exchange, sight .... 02%@ —
New York Exchange, telegraphic 05 f © —
Silver, per ounce 61%@ —
Mexican Dollars '. 49%® —
INTERNATIONAI*
New York on Paris 5.15%
New York on Mexico 203
Paris on London •. .....25.15
Berlin on London 20.39
Wheat and Otlicr Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Spot rate* continue
nominal on the basis of the last reported char
ter, which was that of the French bark Max
at 16s 3d. The shipowners' combine, having
been unable to maintain their - rates fixed
seme months ago, are now making concessions
to get business. At the recent meeting in
Paris of the Sailing Shipowners' International
Union it was decided to make a slight change
in the minimum rates asked by placing the
rates on a ' 2500 ton capacity and allowing a
reduction of l>4d for every additional 250
tons, i This, on most of the grain vessels
which lead here, makes a reduction of 3d.
Meanwhile ships continue to leave - this port
in ballast, seeking business. The chartered
wheat fleet in port has a registered tonnage
of 14,390. against 16,200 tons on the same
de.tt> last year; disengaged. 36,371 tons, against
ui.270; on the way to tills port, 157,200 tons,
atrainst 193,000.
WHEAT — Prostrated -wires yesterday Inter
fered with the transmission of Eastern and
foreign quotations, hence Ihe situation was
vague and unsatisfactory. The world's ship
ments last week were as follows, la quarters:
Russian. 461,000; Danubian. 41.000; Argentine,
8S.000; Indian, 221,000- Australian, 23,000.
Chicago was about 2 ] ,4c higher on the day,
but with heavy realizing at the advance. This
market continued a weather one and was firm,
but quiet and of a holiday character.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, $1 45@1 521&; California
Whits Australian, %\ G0@l 62ft; Northern
Club, $1 50@l 55; Northern Bluestem, $1 60A
1 62%; Northern Red, $1 47 ft per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $l 43 ?i $144 $1 43»; *1 44
m. session.
May «144i, $1 44% $1 44ft $144%
BARLEY — There was no change of any con
sequence yesterday, the market for both ca*h
grain and futures being firm but quiet. Re
ceipts were heavy, being over 21,000 ctls, be~
ddes what came in on Saturday.
CASU BARLEY.
Feed, $1 12ft@l 15; Brewing and Shipping,
$1 "&©1 20; Chevalier, $1 15^1 20 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Sees ion 9 to 11:30 a. m.
May— No sales; $1 09 bid.
2 p. m. session.
May— $1 09H bid, fl 08ft asked.
OATS — This Is the firmest grain in the
.market, v Stocks are not large and the de
mand for seed is excellent, and continuous,
while there Is the usual Jobbing demand for
feed and milling. Quotations, however, re
main unchanged from last week.
White. $1 45®1 57H; Surprise, $1 65@1 60;
Red for feed, 51 45©1 50 for No. 1 and
*1 40©l 42ft for No. 2; cholce.i for seed.
?1 60Q1 55; Black, $1 30@l 85 for feed and
%\ 45@1 C2ft for seed.
CORN — This market is very badly confused
and dealers do not seem to know where they
are in the matter of prices. They are asking:
all sorts of quotations. Those who still have
lines of old Corn on hand are asking as hijrh
as $1 45 sacked, but are not getting It. Mean
while Chicago Is offering freely here at $1 12 ft
Qi 15 in bulk, equivalent to $1 20@l 22ft
sacked. Jobbers are asking for this Corn
$! 25@1 35, and all report a demoralized and
declining market. Receipts continue heavy,
tl:Ofe yesterday being 3600 ctls, all Western.
Western sacked. $1 -.V<il 3ii for new Yellow,
White and Mixed; old California Yellow and
White. $1 40@l 42Hj; new California large
Yellow, $1 27ft@l 30; small round do, $1 650
1 SO; White, $1 27ft(gl 30; Egyptian, $1 353
1 37ft for White and $1 17ft@l 20 for Brown.
RYE: — Firmly held but quiet at $1 42ft®
1 47ft per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— »1 5O@l 75 per etl.
Flour and -Millstuffs.
The markets under this head continue quiet
ami of a holiday character. Quotations are
unchanged.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 80@
5 10, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, |4 70@5;
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at $4@4 50
per bbl. «
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are as
fellows: Graham Flour $3 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour, $3 25; Rye Meal, $3; Rice Flour,
$7; Corn Meal. $2 50; extra cream do. $3 60;
Oat Meal. f4; Oat Groats, $4 25; Hominy,
*•{ 60© 3 65; Buckwheat Flour, $4 25; Cracked
Wheat. $3 75; Farina. $4; Whole Wheat
Flour. $3 50; Rolled Oats, bbls. $6 75<37 50; In
sacks. $4 25; Pearl Uarley. $5; Split Peas,
boxes, $5 50; Green Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Fccdstuffs.
Receipts of bran, yesterday were heavy, be
lns 11.411 sacks, of which 11,281 were from
Washington, and prices/ declined 60c in conse
quence, with a weak market; middlings re
mained unchanged. The situation in hay .re
mained precisely as at the close of- last week
and receipts were heavy, as will be seen else
where.
BRAN— $20ff21 50 per ton.//' '
MIDDLINGS— $25^28 per ton.
SHORTS — ?20©21 5O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $24® 24 50
:>er ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31 60®
32 50; jobbing, $33; Cocoanut Cake, $23^24;
Cccoanut Meal, $24(325; Corn meal $31 509
32; Cracked Corn, $32*532 50; Mixed Feed, $22
©553; Horse Beans, ?30®40 per ton; Broom
Corn Feed, 90c per ctl.
HAY— Wheat, *9@14 50; Wheat and Oat,
$0@13 50; Oat, Jf9"gl2; Barley and Oat, $S®10;
Volunteer Wild Oat, $7® 10; stable. $9Q10:
stock, $5 5007; Clover, $7@10; Alfalfa, $9@12
per ton.
STRAW— 35i&60c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Both Beans and Seeds continue dull and
nominal, with • no prospects . of th«lr being
otherwise the balance of the week.
BEANS — Bayos, $2 50©3; Pea, $3@3 50;
Butter $3Q3 25; small white. $3©3 35; large
White. $2 40®2 00; Pink, $2 75@3 50; Red,
$4 25@4 50; Lima. ?4 10@4 20; Red Kidneys,
$3 50ii4: Blackeyes, $2 35{£2 50 per ctl.; Horse
Beans, $1 85&2 40.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 3%@3%c; . Flax, $2®2 75: Canary,
6ftc; Alfalfa, $12ft@13c; Rape, %ft@2ftc;
Timothy, 5%c; Hemp. 3%®3%c per lb.; Mil
let, 2ftQ3ftc; Broom Corn Seed, $20@21 per
ton.
DRIED PEAS— Ntles $1 75@2 50; Green
Peas, $1 75@2 50 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Trade in table Potatoes showed some little
Improvement, a good demand - being noted for
fancy Burbanks. Oregon Burbanks did a
little better, offerings from thf northern part
of that State selling - at ?1@1 15 per ctl.,
while Coos Bay lots sold up to $1 20; choice
Sweets from the cellars continued to find
ready sale at ?1 per ctl., while ordinary field
offerings wera quiet at 05®8oc. Onions were
in free supply and weak, with the principal
handlers cutting prices In order to effect
sales.
There Vas a general decline in southern
vegetables, trade being quiet and offerings lib
eral. . Egg Plant was j the «only description to
show firmness.
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river, 40®
80c per ctl.; Salinas Burbanks. $1 15®1 45 per
ctl. ; Oregon Burbanks, ?1@1 20 per ctl. :
River Reds. 50@C0c per ctl.; Early Rose, $1@
1 10 wr ctl.: Sweet Potatoes. 65cg$l per ctl.
ONIONS— *2 25@2 35 per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas, 4@6c per lb.;
String Beans, 4<5<5c per lb.; Wax Beans, 4®6c;
Tomatoes ?1 BOtfJl 75 per box or crate; Sum
mer Squash, 75«90c per box; Hothouse Cu
cumbers. $1@1 25 per dozen; Cabbage. 60c per
ctl.; Carrots, 40@5Oc per sack; Garlic, 7@Sc
per lb.; Egg Plant, 6#8c per lb. for southern;
Dried Peppers, nominal; Green Peppers, 60
per lb. for southern; Mushrooms," 10@15o per
lb. ; Marrowfat and Hubbard Squash, $8®10
per ton.
Poultry and Game.
All Poultry handlers reported the market in
good shape, with everything except very small
Broilers moving, off well at steady prices. A
car of Western was marketed on Monday and
two more cars were olaced on sale yester
day. Only two cases of dressed Turkeys came
In. 1 and they were sold at nominal prices.
Game arrived freely and cleaned up well at
the old quotations.
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys,, nominal at
25@27c per lb.; Live Turkeys, 21023c per lb.;
Geese, per pair, *2 25(g2 50; Goslings, $2 25^
2 50; Ducks. S5@6 per dozen for old and S6-@7
for young; Hens. ?4 04 50 for small and S3 50
00; for • large; youns Roosters. «5 50^-6; old
Roosters, ?4#4 150; Fryers. *4 50©5; Broilers.
?2 0O@3 50: Pigeons, $1@V25; Squabs, $2®
2 50. ■ ■' : ■ ■
GAME— Mallard Ducks, $3^4 50 per dozen:
Canvasback. ?305; Teal. ?1 25: Sprig, $2S3;
Widgeon, $1 25«1 50; Red Heads, $2 50
small Ducks, $1 25®1 60; Gray Oeese. $3:
White Geese, ?1 25@1 60; Brant. SI 25@2-
Honkers. • ?3®3; Snipe, ■ $2 50 for English and
?1 00 for common:. Doves, $1 23;. Hare, SI 75-
Rabbits, ?2 for Cottontails and SI 50 for
iBrush. • •
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The situation in Butter, Cheese and Eggs
remains as at the close of last week. All
three markets are Blow and featureless, as
usual Immediately after ; Christmas. There Is
no scarcity In any. description, nor is there
bny demand . from any quarter aside from the
ordinary consumption. ...
Receipts were ,33,700 lbs Butter. , 530 cases
Egfra and 2100 lbs Cheese. " «
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands, ■ 23®24c
for extras and 21 V4<822?£c. for lower to medium
grades: dairy, 20#22c; cold storage, nominal;
store Butter, nominal; Eastern cubes,- nominal •
Eastern- ladle-packed, 15®16c..
CHEESE — 11011 V4o for' choice mild new and
10@10%c for old: cold storage,* 10>4®llc; Young
Americas," 12@12»4c: Eastern, 10@13c per lb.»
; EGGS— Ranch,-. 36®40c« for „ good i to choice,
41®42'-4c for large 1 white selected: and : 30Q35c
Xor common; store Eggs, L'saaOc; cold otorage.
259300; Eastern. 25@28c for choice. 22@24c for
standards and 2ti®21c for seconds.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Weather conditions were «UU' operating
against the market for' rresh fruits, trade
throughout the day being very quiet. Stocks
of Oranges were • increased by ! five carloads,
and only a few special brands of fancy fruit
received any attention. The other Citrus fruits
were quiet and featureless. Ripe Bananas
were in light but ample supply. The steamer
Alameda, from Honolulu, brought up 3SQ1)
bunches, moat of which were too green for Im
mediate use. There was no change from pre
vious conditions In the Apple market, supplies
of all grades being more than sufficient for
requirements. Grapes were offering- at $1 25
per crate, but found few takers, . and Straw
berries were too scarce to quote.
STRAWBERRIES— Nominal.
CRANBERRIES— ?9@11 per bbl for No. 1
and $s@8 for inferior Eastern.
APPLES— 00c© $1 26 per box for fancy and
50@S5c for common to choice; Lady Apples,
$1 25@2 ner box.
PEARS— Winter Nellls. $1 50@l 75 per box;
cooking varieties, 50ci@$l per box.
PERSIMMONS— 5C(B65c per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, Navels, $1@2 per
box; Seedlings, 75c@$l; Tangerines, 75c • for
small and $1 for large boxes; Japanese Man
darins, $i@i 25 per box; Lemons, $2 5062 73
for fancy; $1 75®2 25 for choice and $1@1 50
for standards; Grape Fruit, $1 75@2 50; Mexi
can Limes, $4 per case; Bananas, $2@3 per
bunch for Central American and Sl@2 for Ha
waiian; Pineapples. $1 5Og3 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins, Honey.
Aside from a slight decline in Figs, all quo
tations remain unchanged, and the different
markets are listless and of a holiday charac
ter. Peaches are the firmest description at
the moment. Holders of Prunes are Inclined
to be firm, and there is no disposition to sac
rifice the goods to get rid of them. Raisins
are unsettled, as In fact they usually are, ow
ing to the continual pulling and hauling of
the different interests concerned In their mar
keting. Nuts are firmly held, and Honey con
tinues quiet.
FRUITS— Apricots, 8©llo for Royals and 10
<312fto for Moorparks; Nectarines, 6ft@Sftc
for White and 6 ft #7 ft e for Red; Peaches, 1\®
8%c per lb; Pears, 7@12c; Plums, pitted, ti®
tiftc for black, 7ft®8%c for red and 7@8ftc
for yellow; Figs. 2-crown bricks, 45c; 3-crown,
50o; 4-crown, 60c; 6-crown. 65c; bulk white,
2%®3c; black, 2ftQ5fto; Evaporated Apples,
4 ©tic per lb. . o
PRUNES— lH<8>l$ie per lb for the four sires
and 2ftc basis for the large sizes. .
RAISINS — 1904 crop f. o. b. Fresno—Impe
rial clusters, $2 26®2 50; Dehesa, $1 ZO@X 35;
London Layers, 85c@$l; loose Muscatels, 4
crown, 6@6y t c; 3-crown, 4ftc; 2-crown. 3@3ftc;
Seeded, 4$i@Gc; Thompson'^ Seedless, -4»4®
4ft o; Seedless Sultanas, 3<£{ic per lb.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell, 12S13c; No.
2. lOOllc; No. 1 hardshell. 12c; No. 2, 10c;
Almonds, I6@17o for Nonpareils, 14&14fto for
I X L, I3ft@14ftc for Ne Plus Ultra and lie
for Languedoc; Peanuts, 6®'7c for Eastern;
Pecans, ll!& I3o; Cocoanuts, $4 50^5; Chest
nuts, Sft@'10c per lb for Italian.
HONEY— Comb. Il%(gl3c for white and 10®
llo for amber; water white extracted, Bft*36c;
light amber extracted, 5@5ftc; dark. 3®4ftc.
BEESWAX— 27029c per lb.
Provisions.
The market continues dull and featureless
at unchanged quotations. - - -
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10%o per lb for
heavy, lOfto for light medium, 13o for light,
14c for extra light and 14ft c for sugar-cured;
dry Salt Sides 10c; Bellies, lie; Eastern su
gar-cured Hams, 12 to 14 lbs, 12ftc; 16 to 16
lbs. 12c: 17 to 20 lbs, ll%c; California
Hams, ll%e; Mess Beef SlOfrlO 50 per bbl;
extra Mess, $10 60@11; Family. S12S12 50;
prime Meas Pork, $14 60; extra clear, $22;
Mess, $16 50; Pig Pork, $25; Pigs' Feet, $5;
Smoked Beef, 14c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6fto per lb for
California compound, 7c for Eastern compound
and 9c for pure; half-barrels, puret 9V*c; 10
lb tins. 9?4c; 5-lb tins, 9%c; 3-ib fins, 10c.
COTTOLENE — One half barrel, 8%c; three
half barrels, 8ftc; one tierce, 8%c; two tierces,
ny*c; five tierces, $V6c per lb.
. Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Hides are repcrted rather easier, as grubby
stock is beginning to appear and the tanners
are more discriminating in their purchases in
consequence. Quotations, • however, show no
change.'
Wool is nominal, there being no stock of
any consequence here to work on.
Hops are also inactive at the recent decline,
and the market exhibits no new feature.
HIDKS AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about ft&lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium. 10c; light, 9ft@10c; Cow
Hides, 9ft@10c for heavy and 9ft@10c for
light; Stags. 7®.7V 3 c: Salted Kip, lOftc; Salted
Veal, ll<911ftc; Salted Calf. llft©-12ftc; dry
Hides. 17ft@18c; dry Kip, 15e; dry Calf. 20c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 25<g40c each; short
Wool, 50@75c each; medium, 90c<3$l 10; long
Wool, f 1 25@1 75; Hprse.HJdes, salt. . |3 . fcr
large and $2 50 for niedibm.'fl 5<5®2-for small
and 60c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 fcr
large and $1 50 for medium, $1 for small, 50u
for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry Mexican, 30c; dry
salted Mexican, 25c; dry Central American,
30c; Goat Skins — Prime Angoras, 75c; extra
large do, $125; large, 50c; medium, 35c;
small, 20c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered, 4®4fto per lb;
No. 2, 3ftc; Grease, 2ftg6c.
WOOL — Fall clip — San Joaquin and South-*
ern, 9@llc; Southern, 8®9c; Southern Moun
tain, 9@Ue; Middle 1 . Counties, free, 12@14c;
do defective, 10@12c; Northern, free. 12@14c;
do defective, 10@12c; Humboldt and Mendo
clno. 16@18e per lb.
HOPS— 1904 crop. 25@28o per lb; 1905 crop,
17ft@lec, with most growers asking 20c.
Meat Market.
Quiet markets rule under this bead. The
retailers are well supplied and report a slow
demand as .usual Immediately after Christ
mas. Stocks of all kinds are ample and Veal
and Mutton show slight declines, the other
descriptions standing as before.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 6S7c for Steers and 4ft®6o per lb
for Cows.
VEAL — Large, "«ft©8c: small, 8@9ftc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7®8c; Ewes, 6ft67ftc
per lb.
LAMB— 9@10c per lb.
POKK— Dressed Hogs, 6t4@Sftc per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, lees 40\#
45 per cent ehrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers, 7%@7ftc; Cows and Heif
ers SMi&tf^c; thin Cows. 4@5c per lb.
CALVES— 4®4ftc per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3ft@3%c; Ewes, 3@3%c
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— ?2 50£2 75 per head. •
HOGS — Live Hogs, 20O to 250 lbs, 4%@4"£c;
130 to 2<K) lbs 5®5ftc; 80 to 130 lbs, 4%@4»ic;
soft Hogs, not wanted; Sows, 20 per cent off;
Boars 50 per cent off, and Stags, 40 per cent
oft from above quotations. -
General Merclumdise.
BAGS— Grain Bags, 6%@5%c spot and 60 !
6ftc for next year; Wool Bags, S0@32c; Fleece
CANNED FRUITS— Following are prices for ;
the 1904 pack: ■
M f3 W 03
FRUITS. M I" •< I
P • • "
>*PP les . • ••• ?! 55 $1 30 $1 20 $1 10
Apricots .... 1 25 1 is 1 05
Blackberries 160 1 S5 125 115
Cherries. Royal Anne... 2 10 1 80 1 65
Do white 2 00.165 150 'I"*
■ Do, Black 1 80 1 65 1 60
Grapes. Muscat 1 25 1 10 1 00 66
Nectarines 1 50 1 25 1 15 1 05
Peaches, Yellow 1 76 1 35 1 25 1 16
Pears, Bartlett 190 160 150 ISO
Plums. Green Gage .... 1 35 1 10 1 00 90
Damapn 1 40 1 15 .1 00 100
Raspberries 2 60 225 200 190
Strawberries 2 00 1 75 1 60 1 40
CANNED VEGETABLES— Tomatoes. 2V4-lb
standards, 65@7Oc; gallon standards, $2- 3-lb'
solid pack,, 87%i890c; Green Pea»— Petits pois!
$1 35; extra sifted, $1 15; standard sifted SI •
standards, 85@00c; Marrowfats, 85®S7 vLg t. o.
b. San Francisco.
COAL—Wellington, , |8 per ton: New Wel
lington, S8; Seattle, S6 50; Bryant, $6 50;
Beaver Hill, $5 50: Roslyn, S7; Coos Bay, $5 50-
Richmond, $S; Cumberland, $13 In bulk and
$14 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
§14; Welsh Anthracite Egg, |13; Welsh Lump
$11 60; Cannel, $9 per ton; Coke, 111 60@13 per
ton In bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky Mountain
descriptions, $8 60 per short ton.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per lb. 4tfc:
cases, regular,- $5 65; cases, extra large, 6\c:
Eastern style, 6%c; boneless, 6% c; "Norway,"
6V4c: "Narrow Gauge," e&c; "Silver King."
7%c; blocks. "Oriental," e^c; blocks, "Sea
bright." 7c; tablets, 7}ic; middles,- 7®0«c;
fancy boneless, 9U@9%c; pickled Cod, bbh»
$8; pickled Cod. half bbls, $4 75.
CORDAGE — The local : company quotes as
follows, . 60 days or % per cent discount for
cash, no sales under 10,000 lbs; Manila. 15c-
Sisal. 10% c ; . Duplex. 9%c ; Bale Rope, 1 1 a; @
12%c per lb. . \ . JtT
COFFEE — Costa Rica (nominal), stock . 603
bags — 13@14c for strictly prime to .fancy
washed; ll^@12V5c for prime washed: 10^^
lie for good washed; 11® 12c for good to prime
washed peaberry: 10® lie for good to prime
pjaberry; 10611c for good to prime; SVjpijc
for fair; 6%@8c for common to ordinary.
Salvador, stock 3358 bags — 12@>13c for fancy
washed, nominal; 11<8>1H4c for strictly prim-
Mrashed, nominal; 10jrl0%c for good to prime
washed; 9©©%c for fair washed; 10@llc for
fnlr to prime washed peaberry: 9%@10c for
gnod to prime semi- washed," 9 H ©9% c for su
perior unwashed, nominal; $>e good green
unwashed, nominal; 9H@10c for good to su
perior unwashed peaberry; 6 U@Sc for Inferior
to ordinary. -
... Nlcarajrua . (nominal), stock 340 baps— 11®
13c for prime to fancy washed; 9<4@lO^c for
fair to ; ; strictly Rood washed;- 8% 69 Vie . for
good to superior unwashed; 9U@10c for good
to nrime unwashed 'peaberry. . ■ •
- Guatemala (stock 14.502 bags)— and Mexican
(stock : 962 bags) — 13@14o . for . fancy washed,
nominal; * 11© 12 He I for prime to - strictly prime
washed, nominal; ■ 10^@10%o {or strictly - good
■washed; 10@10Hc for good washed; 9*4©9?.ic
for fair washed; 86S?4o for medium; C@T^c
for Inferior to ordinary; lOUeiUic for good
to prime washed peaberry; ttii«|10c for good
to prime unwushed peaterry, 9@9?ic for good
to superior unwashed.
LEATHER — Sole, heavy. 29©31c; extra
hoavy. 31(r33o-per lb; medium. 2S@30c: licht.
27(&29c; Kousjh Leather, 2$S30c; Harness
Leather, heavy, 35@37c for Xo. 1 and 3iS:J4c
for No. 2; medium. 3O@37c; light. 25>tj;55c;
skirting, No. l, 40<g42c;. No. 2. 36®3$c; Col
lar Leather, 15@16c per foot: Trace Leather,
40@44c; Kip, unfinished. 40@50c per lb; Veal,
finished. 6(%60c per lb; Calf, finished. 65c®$l
per lb; Wax sides. 16®17c per foot; Belt Knife
Splits. 14©16c; Rough Splits. 8@10c per lb.
TANBARK- Ground. $25®2S per ton; stick.
S16 5<J®1S per cord.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases
add 5o; Unseed. 55c per gallon for boiled and
&Jc for raw; Castor Oil. in cases. No. 1. 70c;
Bakers' AA, cases. $1 10@l 12; Lucol, SOc for
boiled and 4Sc for raw; China Nut. cases. 630
80c per gallon; Cocoanut Oil. in barrels. 5Sc
for Ceylon and 55c for Australian; extra
bleached . winter Sperm Oil. 6Sc; natural win
ter Sperm Oil. tS3c: extra bleached winter
Whale Oil. 57c; natural Whale Oil. 52c; extra
winter strained Lard Oil, 75c; Xo. 1 Lard Oil,
65c; pure Neatsfcot Oil, 73c; No. 1 Neatsfoot
Oil. 63c; light Herring Oil. 42c: dark Herring
Oil, 40c; Salmon Oil. 34c; boiled FUh Oil. 37c;
raw Fish Oil. S5c; boiled Paint Oil. 83c; raw
Paint Oil. 31c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil In bulk.
13c; Pearl Oil. In cases. 19%c: Astral. 19^c;
Star, 19%e; Extra Star. 22%c; Elaine, 26c:
Eocene. 21Uc; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, In
bulk. 16c; In cases, 224&c; Benzine, In bulk.
13c; in cases, 19^c; 8G-degre« Gasoline, In
bulk. 25c; In cases, 31c
TURPENTINE— 75c per gallon in cases and
69c in drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7»i©
7%c ocr lb; White Lead, ~hi.QT%c; according
to quantity.
QUICKSILVER— $40@41 50 for local use and
|3>-®39 per flask for export.
SALT — Bales. 00c for common and $1 for
granulated: Dairy, 15 50 per ton; Granulated.
*e@6 50; Half Ground. 10O-lb bags. S3 25; do.
50-lb bags. $3 75; Rock Salt. $2 75 'a. 'I in ICO
and $3 25 in 50-lb bags; Genuine Liverpool.
$11 50. $12 50 and <13 50 per ton In packages,
of 224. 110 and 50 lbs respectively.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows per lb-. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A -Crushed and Fine Crushed, 6,25c;
Powdered. 6.10c; Candy Granulated, 6.10c; Dry
Granulated, fine, 6c; Dry Granulated, coarse,
6c: Fruit Granulated. 6c; Beet Granulated
(100-lb bags only), 5.90c; Confectioners' A, 6c;
Magnolia A. 6.60c; Extra C. 6.50c; Golden C.
5.40c: "D," ■ 5.30c; barrels, 10c more; half
barrels, 25c more; boxes. 50c more: 50-lb bags.
10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half barrels.
6.50c; boxes. 6.75e; H. A E. Crystal Domlnos,
9^c per lb. No orders taken for less than sev
enty-five barrels or Its equivalent.
LUMBER— Pine, ordinary sizes. $lSS19; ex
tra sizes higher; Redwood. $19^"23c: Lath. 4
feet, $3 75@4; Pickets. $17©25: Shingles. $2
for No. 1 and $1 50 for No. 2; Shakes. S14 for
split and $15 for sawn: Rustic, S33@39.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR DECEMBER 26 AND 27.
Flour, qr «ks.. 3.2S5 Fe«d sks 22
Wheat ctls ... 84.298 HUes. N» 201
Barley, ctls ... 19.651 Pelts, bdls 89
Oats, ctls 1.208 Lime, bbls 3«4
Corn (West), ctls 3,800 Leather, rolls . . 753
Sugar, ctls 600 Paper, rolls ... 166
Rice, sks 600 Brandy, gals ...- 9.500
Beans sks . 1.815 Wine, gals 206,700
Potatoes, sks .. 6.657'QuIcksllver. fisks 245.
Onions sks .... 1.207!Hay. tons 794
Bran, sks" 150 Hops, bales 85
Middlings, ska.. 705! Wool, bales ... 4
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks.. 13.722|Onlons. aks .... 623
Potatoes, sks .. 1,1021
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks.. 8.172|Bran. ctl 11,281
Wheat ctls ... 10.556 Flaxseed. ska .. 710
Oats, ctls 2.578| •t.^;,.-
STOCK MARKET.
Mining Stocks x\ctive, With a Sharp
Rise in Ophir. ,
The Stock and Bond Exchange opened with
a fair business in bonds, but shares were flat
and neglected, there being no sales of note.
On reports of a strike of high-grade ore In
the Ophir mine the stock started upward
sharply, touching $5 62 ft and carrying the
other Comstccks along with It. under" a large
Increase In business.
There was nothing new In the Tonopah or
oil stocks. . . • I
The United Gold Mines of Cripple Creek. COlo..
has declared a monthly dividend of ft a cent
per share, payable January 5. This Is the sec
ond dividend since the miners* strike.
STOCK AXD BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY, Dec. 27—2 p. m.
UNITED - STATES BONDS.
/" T >. Bid. Ask. ' :■- . Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup.. 100% U «% 4s qr cp new.130%131%
4s qr reg...l05%105% 3s qr coup. . .104 ft 105
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s.*— — lOak T Co fls.120 —
Asso Oil 5s. — 86 Do 5s — —
Bay CPC 5s. 101% — Do con 5s.lO4ftlC5
Cal C G 6s.l04ft — Oceanic S 5s. — 74
Cal G A E g Om Cable 6s.l21\4 —
m A ct 5s. 84% 85 Pac G Im 4s. — —
Cal-st C 58.114 — P E Ry 5s..l05U106
C C Wat 5s. — 99 P & C H 6s.lO4 —
EdL & P 6s. — 126 P & O R 6s. — —
F & C H 6s.ll5ft — Powell-st 6s. — —
Geary-st 5s.. — -85 Sac EG*R5s.lO2 —
H C&S 5%s.lO5 — SF A SJV5s.ll9% —
Do 5s 101% — Slsrra R 6s. — —
Hon R T 6s.lO6ft — S P of A 6s
L A Elec Ss.105 — (1909) 1C9% —
LAG A E 5s — — (1910) HOVi —
L A Ry 5s..U6%116% S P of C 6s
L A L Co 6s — — (1905iSr A. 101 10114
Do gtd 6s. — — (1905)Sr B. — 103ft
Do gtd 5s.lO4% — (1906) . 104ftl05ft
LAP lem 6s.l01 — (1912) 114ft —
Mkt-st -C Cs.118 — SPC 1 eg 5s. — —
Do lem 5s. — — Do stampd.lOSXilCSft
MV& MtT5s.lO5 110 S P B R 6S.135 136
NRR of C6S.IO614 — S V Wat 6s.l04% —
Do 6s 119 119ft Do 4s 2dm.lOO>4 —
N P C R 5s.lO5ft — Do 4s 3dm. 99«4 09ft"
N C Ry 5a.. — . — Do g mt*4s 97% —
N C P C 5s. — — Stkn G&E«s. 93 —
N S R R 5s. 99 103 U O & E 5s.lO2H _
OG L&H 5s. — 110 UR of SF 4s. 87% 87%
O W gtd 5s..— 100 I !
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 25 — [Port Costa... — —
Marin Co.... — 59T,|s V Wat Co. 39}; 40
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 3% 4^13 P O & E. M 65
Mutual EL. 9ft 11 Istkn G A E. — 6%
Pac L Co. . . 59% — |U G & B Co. — —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd. — 340 |
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk.. — 135 L P A A 152— V
Anglo-Cal .. — 90 Mer Trust — 230
Bank of Cal.422 — Merch Ex 60 —
Cal Safe Dp. 152 — S F National. — — •
First Natlonl — — I
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S A L.2330 — Sav A L So. . — 100
Hum S A L. — — Sec Sav Bk.. — 424
Mutual Sav. 99ft — Union T Co.. — 3300
S F Sav U.610 C75 j
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..200 — IPresidlo .,— 42
Geary — 50 |
POWDER.
Giant 63% 63ft!Vlgorit ...... 3 4%
SUGAR.
Hawalan C. 73 74 IMakawell C. 32 —
Honokaa S C IS ISHlOnomea S C. 82 83
Hutch SPC 14% 15VilPaauhau S C. 20% 21
Kllauea S C — 6 |
MISCELLANEOUS. ,
Alaska P A. 92ft 95 Oceanic S Co. 4i 0 •"
Cal F C A. — 99% Pac Aux FA. A\t, —
Cal Wine A. — 83 . Pac C Borx. — 157ft
MV& MtTm. 95 102 Pac S Tel Co.l07T a l08ft
SALES. -** >
Morning Session.
Board —
60 Pao States Tel & Tel Co 108 00
$6,000 Hawaiian Coml A 8 5s. b 3.101 50
S1.000 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 6s.. 101 60
$1,000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s ....119 25
$1,000 Oakland Transit 5 per cent 113 00
$2,000 S P Cal 1st con 5s (stamped). 10S 37ft
$5,000 United R R of B F 4 per cent. 87 75
Street —
$3,000 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 5s.. 101 50
Afternoon Session.
Board —
19 Bank of California 422 50
60 Pac States Tel A Tel Co 108 00
$3,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. 87 62ft
$9.0C0 Spring Valley 4s (2d mtge) 10O 23
$16,000 Spring Val 4s (2d mtge). b 4.100 25
Street—
$10,000 Oakland Transit Con 6s. b 4. .105 00
$20,000 S P Cal 1st con 6s (stamped). 1C3 37H
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. \ Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 6s. 99 IOO14 SF & NP 5s.ll2^ —
B L Wat 6s. — 114V4 S P C R '4s. 98 —
Cal NW 5s.. — 113& SPCo 4%s. 99741COW
M C Wat 6s.lOO. — Si/n Tel 6s... 114% —
Ris I Wks5s — 1C5 Do 5s 106 — •
SF Drdk Ds.112 — Suttr-st R5s.lO4 * —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... — 25 (Mat Nav Co. 70 —
Amer Bis Co — 90 Nev Nat Bk.200 —
Cal Cot Mils 80 — N Cal P Co. — 10
Cal G&ECor. 50 Oak Bk Sav.125 —
C Jockey C1.110 — Oak T Con.. 75 ' '
Cal Powder.,130 145 IOOF Hall " A 6% —
Cal Ship Co. — 21 Orpheum Co. — 1BU
Cal T I & T- ,155 PacC Caa Cp.125 —
Cen Bk. Oak 65 — Pac Sur Co.105 —
Chutes Co . . — 6 Paraf Paint.. 39 —
City & C Bk — 12O SF Drydock — 65
Cyp L Imp.. — * 6^i SF&SJ Coal, llli 20
East^Dynra.. — • 875 S J Wat Co.lOSU —
DptPwd pfd — 83 SO & MTgbt.125 —
Do l com..." — 60 Swiss- A Bk..l20 —
FN Bk, Oak.120 — Truck Elect.. 11 124
Fischer Thtr -— 1% Union S Co. — 31 U
Frnch-A Bk.108 — UR InC : pfd. 65% — '
Hono P Co.. 27 — ' Do com ... 17 —
Lon&.SF.Bk 60 — I
' California Stock and Oil Exchange.
Oil Stocks— Bid. Asked.
Alma 80
Apollo ...... 35 40
Aeaa.OilfCo. Stock Tr. Or. .28 27
, California-Standard ....... M ; ' 18 - 1» .
AUCTION SALES
£^ 5^
AUCTION SALE of 50 GOOD HORSES and
MARES. WEDNESDAY. Dec. 28. at 11 a. m,.
ARCADE HORSE MARKET. 027 Sixth st.
JOHN J. DOYLE, Auctioneer. ' ■
CaTlbou 6 87*i 7 S7ft
Central Point Con «> .....
Chicago Crude 22
Clareraont S2}»
Coalinga and Pacific 50 ....
Forty • 45 ....
Four 55 .;..
Giant • 26 ....
Hanford 2C0 00
Home 41 42
Illinois Crude 70 -
Imperial I8 60
Independence 29 3O
Junction 20 21
Kern 5 00
Kern <nuw) .... 30
Kern River 12 50
Linda Vista 18 22
Marlcopa ..... 10 i
McKittrick . 10 ....
Monarch ot Arizona .1. .... 30
Monte Cristo "-. 8© 82*4
Nevada County f. ....' 4O .
Occidental of W. Va -. 07 OS
Oil City Petroleum {. 69 "0
S F & McKittrick i. .... 3 00
Senator ». 70 ....
Sovereign ]. 31 33
Superior j. 08 ....
Thirty-Three j. 8 2S 8 25
Toltoc ;. 22
Twenty-Eight 13 ««
Union -;. 70 00
United Petroleum 100 00 ....
West Shore 2H .
Wolverine 50
Miscellannues Bonds —
Associated Oil Co. 5s (1922) .... *•
SALES.
Morning Sesrlon.
Board— ;
SO Twenty-Eight Oil 12 JO *
50 Junction Oil i 20
1W0 Independence Oil, b Si> SO
60 Sterling Oil » 00 ■
1000 Apollo Oil '37 .
(street —
700 Asso. Oil Co. Stock Tr. Car 37
Afternoon Session.
Board—
50 Sterling Oil J *•
1000 Apollo Oil -37
H Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGB-
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:'
Morning ', Session — Comstocks.
1C0 Belcher 20' 800 Ophir 4 25
300 Beat 4 Belch. 86 1100 Ophir 4 2ft
100 Caledonia 100 Ophir 4 15
■ 4C0 Chollar 23! 1-00 Potosi 17
. 1600 Chollar 241 100 Potoei HI
2C0O Chcllar 25^ 10O Savage 20
'7CO Con Cal * V.I 60| 2Crt Scorpion Jl
5OO Con Cal & V.I BSI 7uO Scorpion ...... 32
400 Gould & Cur. 21 1 400 Sierra Nev.... 4.T
100 Gould & Cur. 2O> 60< Union Con.... 40
1000 Mexican 1 35! 3U0 Union Con.... B0
Afternoon Session— .'■'omslocka.
1200 Alta 05! 2C0?Hale & Nore.1 10
900 Andes .'. 22' Coojjustiee 09
3CO Belcher . 21l 5C0:Mexlcaa 1 «5
2CO Belcher 22 ! 350'Ophlr ft 12H
3C0 Bullion 23! 200 OphJr .^Cw
100 Best & Belch. 93 il«0O Scorpion 15
10O Best & Belch. I OOi SCO Sierra Nev.... 47
400 Chollar 2G 200 Sierra Nev.... 4»»
200 Chollar 27 SCO Union Con..., 6*
SCO Con Cal & V.I 70 ! 50O Utah 07
450 Confidence ... 75 1 500 Yellow Jacket. 18
800 Gould & Cur. 25i
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid. Ask. | Bld.A*fc.
Alpha CO HJuIia 08 OH
Alta •>; 07IJustice 09 10
Andes 20 23lKentuck 01 02
Belcher 21 2J!Lady Wash ..02 O*
Best & Belch. 09 1 00 Mexican 1 65 t 7f>
Bullion 22 24!OccMental ... 78 9O
Caledonia 44 45!Ophir ....... .5 50 5 «Ki
Challenge ... 20 21|Overman ..... Ofl 1»
Cho'.Iar 2B 27iPotosi ........ 17 1"
Confidenct ... 74 7«iS<orplon 18 17/
Con Cal & V.I 70 1 75'Savage 23 24
Con Imperial. 01 Oi'Seg Belcher... 0ft «H
Con NY t>2 03'Sierra Nev.... 4d 6O
Crown Point.. 18 l«jsilver Hill.... 60 «3
Eureka Con.. — 60 St. Louis .... — OK
Exchequer ... 47 49:Sjrndicat* .... IS 23
E. Sierra Nev 03 05'Unlon Con.... 5S 60
Gould & Cur. 24 26 Utah ©7 OS
Hale & Norc.l 05 I 131 Yellow Jacket. 1« 17
TONOPAH AND GOLDFIELD STOCKS.
Morning Session. ;. .* s .
4 1C0 Goldfleld 6SJ1C0O N Y Ton Con- 14
3000 Goldfleld 69! «00 Ray A O'Brien O7
1200 MaeNamara . . 25! ;».■<» Ton Mtrtwajr.. 19
Afternoon Session.
100 Goldfleld .... 70| 4C0 Ray & O'Brien 07*
5C0 Kendall . 21 U00O Rescue ........ 1T
43CO MacNamara . 24!1000 Sandstarm ...44
100 Mont Ton ...1 901 2C0 Ton Belmont.. " «3
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. '
Tonopah.
. Bid. Ask. I . Bid. Ask.
Ton of Nev. .9 37 9 75 [Rescue 08 C7
Mont Ton ...1 87 1 9O!Ton * Cal — 15
Ton Exten ..2 95 3 00|Ray & O'Brien 00 07
MacNamara . 24 25' Paymaster ... 03 64
Ton Midway.. 34 3.1" Mizpah Ex ... 12 —
Ton Belmont.. 69 71|Littl« Ton .. — 39
Ton N Star... 21 22lEaperanza .... 01 02
Ton Ohio .... — 20|Gold Anchor.. 2f> —
West End ... 12 1« Quincy 11 —
Ton Gold Mt. 14 15! N Y Ton Con. 11 13
Goldfleld.
Sandstorm .. 46 48! Black Butte.. 18 XI
Red Top 17 IS Booth M Co.. 10 —
Goldfleld Mhk 17 — Blue Bull ... 15 *>
Columbia 20 22 Adams 10 11
Diamondfleld. 25 27 Silver Pick ... — 19
Jumbo 53 60'May Queen ..IS —
Jumbo Ex .. 21. 23 Nevada Boy.. 17 —
Vernal Mln .. 13 15lOrlg Bullfroc. 13 IB
Pennsylvania. 10 —^Bullfrog Mln. 65 —
Goldfleld .... 69 7l)Blk Butte Ex 10 —
Kendall ..... — 21tSouth Western 60 —
Oakland 25 SO:
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGK.
Following wer« the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
■ Morning* Session.
700 Dixie Mln ... 20! 4«0 Mont Toa..l nv,
1000 Esperanza ... 0113500 N Y Ton Con. OS)
1000 Free Gold M. 11.1000 Pa Goldfleld.. 10
3000 Gldfld R«d L. 061140O Red Top ..?*. M
1C0 Jumbo 63! 2C0 Ton Belraont.. 70
10O Jumbo 60|2300 Ton Midway.. 35
20CO MacNamara . 25I200O Ton Midway.. VI
100 MacNamara . 24j 300 Ton °N Star... S3
6100 MacNamara . 2312500 Vernal Mln .. 12
400 Mont Ton ...1 951
. Afternoon Session.
1000 Black Ants .. 0512500 N Y Ton Cob. 0B
5000 Esperanza. ... 01 .".000 Paymaster ... 04
2000 Free Gold M. 14!1500 Red Top %9
120rt Goldfleld Ton. 06U0CO Rescn* Vt
1500 Gldfld Red L. 0611000 Rescue OS
100 MacNamara . 241 700 Sandstorm ... 4.
10O Mont Ton..l 82^41 50O Sandstorm ... 4-1
300 Mont Ton ...1 85*1500 Ton Midway.. %C
1700 N Y Ton Con. 1113200 Ton N Star... S3
2500 N Y Ton Con. 10|150O Venal Mia .. 13
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bld.Ask.l . Bld.Aai.
Adams 11 — Little Ton ,. 15 U
Austin G M. — SO Lucky Baldm 05 10
Black Ants .. 05 — Lucky Tom .. 17
Black Butte.. IS — MaeNamara. .. 24 25
Booth M Co.. 10 —Mont Ton.l 92% 1 t7U
Colehan — 17 N Y T Con M. 08 —
Columbia .... 18 — Orlir Bullfrog.. 1.1 M
Diamondfleld. 25 — Paymaster ... 03 C5
Dixie Mln ... 20 — Pa Goldfleld.. — IT> .
Esperanza ... 01 €2 Ray Ezten . . - — - 10
Free Gold M. 14 15' Ray A O'Brien — C*
Gold Anchor. ,.13 25!Red Top (17 1«
GoMfleld B Bl — 07IReacue 07 N
Goldfleld Dmd 20 — [Rothwell G M. 10 80
Goldfleld Min. «) —Sandstorm ... 47 —
Gldfld Red L. 05 — Ton Belmont.. 68 Tl
Goldfleld S Pk — lStTon Gold Mt. 15 IT
Gold Mt Con. — ©2!Ton Midway.. — 33
Hazel Kirk .. — 12lTon of N«v.» 37U —
Jim Butler .. — 50<Tem N Star... 21. — .
Jumbo 59 60'Vernal Mln ..13 —
Jumbo Ex .. 22! West End .... — 2*
Has Aversion to Football.
Frederick E. Lascy, 13 Monroe
street, obtained a warrant from Po- .
lice Judge Mogan yesterday for the
arrest of L. Shores, proprietor of the
"Wentworth Hotel, 657 Bush street, on
a charge of malicious mischief. Lascy
sa'ys that Shores has declared that ha
will not allow a football on the block.
Lascy's boy was playing football on
Christmas morning and the ball hap
pened to strike the wall of the hotel. .
Shores rushed- out, grabbed hold -of
the ball and cut it In pieces. Shores
was arrested and released on $10 cash
baiL
■ ADVERTISEMENTS.
\, e COMMONiy CALLED ' „ C
YTHB BIG BOAiUr }
10013 y FIELD
} TOMOJPAH n y
1 , MIXING JTOCX LISTED w >
/ tisr or MrA&sA-s <T£/fT to .4L.
1314
ADVERTISEMENTS. _ A ,
III WITH THE METROSTYLE ||?
j_; "The Standard Piano Player of the World." ■ ;»' ; . gnj
rty There is only one PIANOLA Piano Player, and it is the Eggj
JUg only player containing the METROSTYLE. S?j
I „- i The tfeirostye deals with interpretation. It enables ||||
T I every one to play with the expression and effect of the best ggS
L,L The PIANOLA is the universal means of playing the |f|3
|. ~f Universal, because there is no one in all the world, hav- ISy
jawl ing the use of hands and feet, who could not learn to Bg&
Eg! use it with but little effort. jsgj
p y To operate it is simplicity itself.* It is adjustable to any fi||
V'4 The striking of the notes in proper time and place is no Sagr
j^i concern of the player. This is correctly done by the perfor- |pj
I -j ated roll of music. Should the air be familiar, the players 2|h
K j taste will dictate the expression. But if it is strange or dif- |||
n.j ficult, he has but to follow the Metrostylc markings to play it h||]
|Bp exactly as one of the great musical authorities would play it. vgB.
|~3 The Pianola is simple, but in its simplicity it is musically : IE I
II artistic. Paderewski, Hofmann and other great artists find Eg 3
! pleasure in the Pianola, and use it because they can so per- |§||
r.' ] fectly control the elements which go to make up "expres- ||-|
I Vm 0 most gifted Pianist the world has ever known has but. a p j
I j small fraction of the repertoire of the Pianola — this repertoire m 1
j * j now exceeds 12,000 pieces. ... Ig|
LiJ The Price of the Pianola is $250 fM
fc^i Purchasable by easy payments if desired. g&l
k ] Exclusive Agents San Francisco and Vicinity |&|
I KOHLER & CHASE 1
rt'J (The Largest Music House on the Coast)
||| Cor. POST and KEARNY Sts. ||
PREPARIXG TO OPEN
ANNUAL CONVENTION
Master Painters' and Decorators* As
sociation Will Convene in This
City Darins January.
The first annual convention of the
Master Painters and Decorators of
California will be held in this city
January 4, 5 and 6. It will meet in
Red Men's Hall, 220 Golden Gate
avenue.
Election of officers and the reading
and discussing of papers will be the
ur<?er of business. On the second dav
cr the convention the delegates will
be guests of a* wholesale house on a
steamer excursion around the bay.
The convention will end with a
smoker to be given at Red Men's Hall.
Everything is being done to make the
evening one. of pleasure.
The only States other than Cali
fornia that have like organizations are
New York, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Massa
chusetts and New Jersey.
It is reported that a number of
journeymen butchers have been sus
pended for failing to pay assessments
for the benefit of the locked out sheep
butchers. Preparations are under way
for the butchers* ball, which will take
place to-morrow night at Carmen's
Hall, 310 O'Farrell street. George E.
Golden and James Kearns will attend
to the comfort of the guests.' A
turkey will be presented to each of the
married men who are at present
locked out of the sheep slaughter
houses.
Hbtel, Restaurant and Bar Miscel
laneous Union has elected officers as
follows:
President. H. Schulr; vice president, G.
BtrteUe: recordine secretary. C. E. Murray;
financial Becretary and treasurer. H. Huber;
inside sentinel, FV Bratton: outside eentlnel.
J. Thomi>scffl; conductor and Inspector, F.
Pratt; business acent, Q. Bariells;. executive
e«nmitte«, G. Bartel'.e. G. Kllsworth. . J. IUch
•nJ»en, F. Pratt. J. F. Wur! and F. Sevanson;
<3?l«ga.tes to Labor Council. H. Hu,ber. J.
Thompson, F. Pratt and C. E. Murray; trus
tees, H. Rchuii, P. G'.ace ; and F. Bratton;
d*-leirates to Joint executive board, H. Schulr,
F. Glace onfl G. Ellsworth.
Sugar Workers' Union No. 10,519 — President,
WiMam Murphy: vice president. Frederick
Roesch: treasurer. H. W. Krueger; financial
•ecretary. Max Walters: recording secretary.
Carl. Peck; conductor. Albert Young; guard.
Hans Christiansen; trustees. E. Homiltus and
H. H. Keath; delegates to Labor Council.
H^:ry Sacer. H. W. Krue*er. William Mur
pfcy and Cart Peck.
„._,., . -ww ApVERTISE31EXTS. '
P3VINS RELIABLE WEAFt J&tiBfoi*: .
WOMENjgd CHILDREN 'ffifM^~
; . . . We .announce that on THURSDAY,
DECEMBER 29/n, we will hold bur •
Annual Clearance Sale of
I Children's and Misses' Coats,
! Jackets and Millinery.
J Ages 1 to 16 year?.
I Prices have been reduced to one-half the
\ original figures. _
I See Thursday morning's paper for rev
duction^ of prices in detail.
9!8-922 Market St. . storey ,
SANTA FE COMPANY IS
TO BU1L.D RIVER BOAT
New Vessel to Be Used in Hauling
Shipments of Northern Califor
nia Fruit.
Competition between the Southern
Pacific and the Santa Fe companies
for fruit shipments originating in the
Sacramento Valley promises -to be
keen this year. Last season the Santa
Fe Company, believing that it was en
titled to a larger share of the business
than it had been receiving, invaded
the Northern California territory, and
before the end of the shipping season
It had established agencies at va»
rious points along; the river and was
picking up considerable business.
This year the Santa- Fe Intends to
increase its facilities for handling the
fruit product of Northern California,
and J. S. Leeds, manager of the com
pany's refrigerating car service, who
arrived from Chicago several days
ago, is now rooking for suitable boats,
which he Intends to -charter ~f or river
traffic. Yesterday • Manager -, Leeds
stated that the Santa Fe' Company
will soon award a contract to one of
the local ship-building firms for the
construction of a sternwheel river
boat, which will be hurried to com
pletion in order that it may-be ready
for service at the opening -of next
year's fruit-shipping season.
Burglar Visits French Laundry.
A burglar with a knowledge of the
"lay of the land" made. a visit to the
laundry and living rooms of Louis
Cerciat, 342 McAllister street, some
time Monday night. The thief entered
the stable in the rear of the laundry,
where he found a monkey wrench,
with which he forced open the back
door of the residence. He stole a
lady's- crold watch . and chain, valued
at ?1J>, a gold breastpin with ruby
setting, valued at $10, and a gold
matchbox with a diamond valued at
$50, together with a . collection of
other odds and ends of jewelry.
CROCKERS ASK FOR MONET.— CJara
Ellen Crocker and Charles H. Crocker,- -the
he!rs-at-law of the late Henry K. Crocker,
yesterday petitioned the Probate Court for the
partial' distribution to them of $33,000 cash
now In the bands of the executor. They rep
resent that th« future income from the estate
will More than pay the expenses of admin
istration and that the property remaining in
the hands of the executors will exceed $200,000.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 2S. 1904.
THOMAS SHIRLEY VIOLENTLY
ASSAULTS SANTA CLAUS.
Tears Down Mrs. Maddox's
Christmas Tree.
Chinaman Uproots Telephone
BY JAMES C. CRAWFORD.
If her Tuletlde party had not been so
perfectly free from discord up to the
time of Thomas Shirley's belated ar
rival at her dwelling, 215 Tehama
street, Mrs. Maddox opined the shock
conveyed to all those present bv that
gentleman's outrageous— she might say
blackguardly- — behavior would have
been less poignant. But she had
been repeatedly assured by her guests
that never in all their born days had
they been treated to such a thoroughly
good time, . and she was enjoying the
comfort that comes with the finding of
one's hospitality appreciated when
Thomas Shirley burst in and meta
morphosed the atmosphere.. Without
apparent provocation he uprooted
the Christmas tree' and hurled it
to the street, then he violently
assaulted the gentleman who, in
the guise of Kris ,Kringle, had
distributed the presents and at that
rhdhient was presiding over jthe punch
bowl. Neither the screams of affright
ed women nor the expostulations of in
dignant men served to stay the ruth
less hand of Thomas Shirley. He
plucked the cotton-batting beard from
the face of the masquerader and
slapped his cheeks with it, then rent
the artificial furcoat in vicious effort
to disrobe the! wearer of it. When the
hostess partly recovered from the semi
swoon into which the unlooked-for in
terruption of the festivity had cast
her— and she felt certain that till her
dying day she would never entirely re
cover from its effects— she summoned
the police and ordered Thomas Shirley
into their, custody.
"What did you do it for?" Police
Judge Mogan asked the defendant.
"Aw, 'twasn't as much of .a rough
house as Mrs. Maddox says it was,"
he responded. "I wasn't de only dis
turber of de peace. Some of de odders
cut up ji3t as much as I done."
He will be sentenced to-day.
• • • - •,-.'■ ■! ■,-■-:•;.• ■
Mrs. O'Rarely was pricing the
Christmas foliage offered for .sale on
Sutter street by G. Rossi when James
Lossari, a rival seller of green goods,
offered to barter similar wares for less
money. Then the two "men clinched
and wrestled and clawed' and punched
while Mrs. O'Rarely shouted "Po-leece"
until they were arrested.' Judge Conlan
will hear more about the affair to-day.
"What do you say to this charge of
begging on the street?" Judge .Fritz
asked James Rogers,' and James at
tempted to respond, -but could 'get no
further than, "I ge-ge-ge-ge." owing
to vocal impediment. So the Judge re
marked that- with seventy-four cases
on the .calendar he could not afford to
waste time on a stutterer, and the case
was dismissed.' if- < "! ' ' : ; :
Frank Williams, a druggist, was ac
cused of disturbing the peace, of 1042
Ellis stseet, where he boards with his
wife, the accuSer being his landlord,
Arthur H. . Retsloff. The Willlamses
were requested to move, but stood on
their putative rights/ 1 and then Mr.
Retsloff Insisted on enforcing his puta
tive authority, and "one word led to
another" until Mr. Retsloff invoked
the law's aid. Judge ! Mogan will per
mit the case to be fully ventilated- iu
his tribunal next Friday.
Joseph Hawkins • had been steadily
tippling for, about a month when the
Yuletide flood completed ".the gradual
submersion of his facultie's, and there
was no questioning his insanity as he
stood before Judge Fritz and roundly
berated the court and everyone and
Everything connected with it. He was
sentenced to thirty days' deprivation of
alcoholic stimulants. 1 ,'
Miss Nellie Gilbert remembered hav
ing drunk one eggnog on Christmas,
morning, and she suspected the drink
was "doped," for it was news to her
that Patrolman Hurd had arrested her
for parading Powell street, near Mar
ket, at midday and swinging her pic
ture hat around her head and shouting
"M«rry Chris'mus an' happy noo year"
in loud voice. Judge Conlan dismissed
her.
■■*•■-,"[■ • • •
"Well, Judge, I wish you a happy new
year for sending me on my way rejoje
ing," said Thomas Brennan, alias
"Plum Pudding .Tommie," ' when his
Honor, Cabaniss told ; him to. go "and im
bibe no more until next Christmas.
Prior to ordering: the, dismissal,; how
ever, the Judge'asked the. defendant if
be had any memey, and- was answered
In the negative. "I'm ca" sport, all
right." said; Thomas,, ''but de ponies
hav' been a-Rivin"mede trow-down an'
I'm flat -on de rocks.": • j :■ '
Charles Henry, accused of beating on
the head i with a, pistol vand attempting
to rob ; Henry Frankenberg' last; Friday
n ight at Clay and Maple * ; streets," was
identified by ; Walter Glunz. as: the. man
whoon December 12 robbed, him- of. $10
at pistol ; point ory Page street,"; between
Flllmore and; Steir.er. " Judge : ■ Mogan
will'- hear both "complaints' next Thurs-
day, and Mr. Jlenry's ball Is fixed at
$5000 in each case.
. Manuel Saleki was among the strap
hangers in a Mission-street car early
Sunday . morning- and was greatly an
noyed by having his tenderest corn
pressed by the feet of other passengers
erery time the vehicle jolted and they
swung and staggered. So he vented his
mingled agony and rage by uttering
profane words and finally dashed his
fist through a window. ' He was arrest
ed for disturbing the peace and Judge
Mogan will sentence him. ■■*£&;*
Nee Toy Quong, about 18 years of
age, attired herself in a tailor-made
gown and white broadcloth coat, en
cased her tiny feet in patent leather
shoes with French heels, donned a
heavy black wig and picture hat, and
with skirts clutched a la kangaroo girl
strutted Montgomery avenue until Pa
trolman Minehan arrested her because
her inability to speak English prevent
ed him ascertaining by other means
whether she was a vagrant. When she
appeared before Judge Conlan her. al
mond eyes were crimson-fringed by
nocturnal weeping and her Caucasian
finery was rather bedraggled. In
terpreter Gong promised to find out'
who and what she is, and the case was
continued until he is ready to report.
John O'Hara said he came in from
Ocean View to spend Christmas with
some of his friends resident on lower
Commercial street, and while walking
down that thoroughfare stepped upon
a banana rind and slid into the open
doorway of a "wine joint," where he
was nursing a dislocated ankle when a
policeman picked him up and boked
him for vagrancy/ Then the polices
man proved that John's story was an
entire fabrication — that he was, in
fact, a professional vagabond — and
Judge Fritz sentenced him to ten
days' imprisonment.
Chung. Fow had decided to escort
his fiancee,. Suey Fat, to the Chinese
Theater last Sunday evening, and with
a view to notifying her of his inten
tion squandered several nickels in fu
tile effort to communicate with her by
telephone, his attentions to the young
lady being frowned upon by her
father, who had forbidden him calling
at her dwelling. It was not Suey
Fat's fault, but the miserable ineffi
ciency of . the special telephone ser^
vice. in the Celestial quarter that pre
vented Chung ■ Fow communicating
with Sfley Fat by wire, and to the.
central station he went with determi
nation to get either the desired switch
or his wasted nickels refunded. The'
chief operator said he could . have
the switch by adding another five
cents to his -outlay, and Chug Fow
cheerily, subscribed the coin, because
he considered a meeting with Suey Fat
worth much more money than he had
already invested to accomplish that
end.
"You sittee down, dlop um nick an'
waitee," quoth the chief operator, and
Chung Fow obeyed. Pie waited, with
receiver placed to ear, while the chief
operator pulled out and Inserted plugs
and shouted until. theater time" loomed
nigh and still no word from Suey
Fat could he obtain. And the door
of- the playhouse was open and the
most desirable seats had been sold
when the chief operator finally re
linquished as hopeless his endeavor to
"raise" Suey Fat and turned to Chung
Fow and said:
"No dam usee. 'Phlonee bloke. Go
'way." T . ,
. Chung Fow did not go away, but
demanded restoration of the cash » he
had deposited in the corporation's
boxes, also pecuniary compensation
for his loss of time and temper. He
was laughed to scorn, and then he
plucked a telephone from its fasten
ings and hurled It through a window.
Special Policeman Cunningham ar
rested him for malicious mischief,
Judge Mogan cannot give the case
the consideration its : importance mer
its until next Friday, when he hope?,
to have his 'calendar- pretty well
cleared of evidences of the Christmas
spirit having been abroad In the city.
Burnett'* Extrnct of Vanilla— Used
exclusively by air leading hotels and clubs. [•
UNKNOWN MAN DROWNED. — The ; body
of an unidentified i man, only partly clad, was
found floating In the bay under i he Clay street
wharf yesterday -morning by J. Herlihy,' a
boatman. -: The corpse wore two colored shirts,'
a pair," of . black \ laced . shoes and red , socks.
Coat, vest, hat and pantaloons were missing:.
It .was that of a smooth shaven man of ■ forty
years, about six feet tall.
. Many.i aches and pains yield promptly \ to
Parker's Ginger Tronic. Try Jt. - . • V; 1
- Parker's Hair Balsam" will save your hair. • f
KILLED BY A PALL.— Charles Hanson, a
rJIe . driver, was i found dead • early yesterday
looming at the bottom of a Sight -r>r stairs at
■ hit, ; residence. . 32 Tehama street, lie, had been
drinkinp; heavily and is supposed to have fallen
down stairs. ' .
A dream -of . ptcaaure, the ,new two .for
quarter size American. $2 75 box 23. ••;
: ; BANKRUPTCY- ' SUIT. DISMISSKD.— On
petition i of 'the a creditors- of the, - Kragen-Bam
berger Company.; yesterday .- United States <. Dis
trict i Judge /de.'. Haven dismissed:, the bank
ruptcy against .that' firm • y
Secure healthful nutrition .by using
Lash's. Kidney and' Liver /Bitters. " '•
TWO POLICHMEN
CONFESS GUILT
Admit They Accepted Money
From Chinese Games and
Arrests May Follow Soon
GEAND JUKOES BALKED
Revelations Looked For Xot;
Forthcoming — Chan Che
ung Spirited From Home
The police committee of the Grand
Jury. had a conference last evening to
consider future plans for investigation
of the charges of corruption in China
town. They are working quietly and
may bring matters to a head by caus
ing arrests to-day.
Two policemen, Henry Heinz and R.
R. O'Brien, have admitted to the com
mittee that money was given them by
the agents of gambling games in
Chinatown. The Chinese are very in
sistent that patrolmen shall accept
gifts of cash in order to feel more as
sured that their unlawful • operations
shall not be molested, and Heinz and
O'Brien were ' induced to take the
money. The contributions they re
ceived are believed to have come from
the collections of. $5 per table that were
made from the tan games. *
Further than these admissions of the
two policemen the committee has
gathered no important evidence.
Heinz and O'Brien implicated no
other policemen. They asserted
positively ,1rhat they were not
in league with any one. They testi
fied that they received no secret in
structions from Chief Wittman or from
Sergeant Ellis, who was immediately
in command of them, not to disturb
the games. The only Instructions they
knew of were those issued in written
form by the Chief. ;-■.,-/>
Every ether member of the China
town squad called before the commit
tee denied that he had ever accepted
a cent from the Chinese gamblers. Not
a bit of incriminating information was
gleaned from them. It transpires that
the information Sergeant Ellis gave
the Grand Jurors was of a vague char
acter, but in following it up the ad
missions were obtained from Heinz
and O'Brien.
Having definite evidence that money
is paid to policemen in Chinatown the
members of the committee hoped that
this would give them a lead to much
bigger revelations. Progress has been
very slow thus far, however. ,
Monday night Foreman Andrews and
his colleague, E. J. Rowes, proceeded
to Chinatown quietly and took Chan
Cheung, a well-to-do merchant, into
custody. They kept him in hiding all
day* yesterday and refused to divulge
his whereabouts to his frantic wife.
Chan Cheung's attorney, Frank V.
Bell, threatened habeas corpus pro
ceedings, but Foreman Andrews asked
him not to do anything till this morn
ins at 11 o'clock. The Chinaman is
supposed to have given the bribes to
the police. <
ELLIS NOT READY TO REPLY.
Says He Is Instructed by Grand Jury
Not to Answer Htitton'.s Charge.
Police Sergeant Thomas Ellis was
summoned before the Police Commis
sioners last night to answer" to the
charge preferred . by Commissioner
Hutton, that on the night of Novem
ber 19 Ellis notified certain Chinese,
gamblers that Hutton was to make a
visit to Chinatown on the 28th.
Ellis asked for a continuance on
the ground that the Grand Jury had
instructed him to make no answer to
MARKS BROS.
SOMETHING DOING
■ HERE TO-DAY
Big Sayings
On Every Dollar
Take for instance Our Sale of
Runabout SKirts
•AT..
$Io45
They're Skirts that are all Splen-
didly Styled and all srood $2.75 values.
Your choice to-day $1.45.
Waists Almost
Given Away
We have about 300 Waists that
wero formerly sold for 81.75, $2.00
and S2.50. We've placed them all Into
Ome Ziot and marked them to sell at
They're all Waists cf this Season's
Styles. Smart and desirable. v
BIG SALE
..OF..
Women's
Flannelette Gowns
Prices Will Be On This Wise:
50c GOWNS— , <*g*
ToDay.....* . . O*$C
$1.00 GOWNS— &LC%i
To-Day..... ..... fj*?C
31 25 GOWNS— g%A
To-Day .;.... ... ZF*&C
SALE OF
Ghildren's Coats
$4 00 Kind— tf^ f^ >| 8T
To-Day: .. .
Come in Sises 4 to 1C Years.
ColorsBrown; Blue and Tan.
Marks Br 6$.
• The Home of Honest Values
1220-1224 Market St^
OF THE
AND j
Have the celebrated con-
cave shoulders and snug
fitting collar. Made from
the best and newest fab-
rics, trimmed and tailored
just right. They make
useful gifts, which will as-
- sure a Happy New Year.
We recommend them. . \ f
mill DMU/tt BROS es.
TO OK V T ▼ 1% & CO. TAB'D
man 516*518 MARKET. ST.fio b^o«iBr 1867
the charge until advised by them. At
this Hutton exclaimed, '•Well, I'm
ready to go ahead with the' case."
Ellis replied that he had no attorney
to represent him and that Bowes and
Andrews of the Grand Jury and "Dis
trict Attorney Byington had instruct
ed him not to talk. Ellis was granted
a continuance of one week.
The. cases of Sergeants Fraher and
Brophy and Patrolmen Doran, Heinz,
O'Brien, McGrath and Munn, who are
also . charged with being connected
with' the corruption In Chinatown,
were also continued for one- week.
Commissioner Hutton again said that
he was ready to proceed, but changed
his mind when the counsel for Ser^
geants Fraher and Erophy Bald they
were ready to answer the charges.
Police Captain Duke submitted a
report on the Old Poodle Dog, at Bush
street and Grant avenue, showing that
the olace is used as a restaurant and
hotel, and that, there are closed boxes
with doors, and pianos in many of th©
boxe3. Everything was orderly and
the t>ianos were not allowed to be
played after. 1 a. m. The commis
sion reported that the petition for.
a renewal of the license would be con*
sidered provided the doors were re*
moved from the boxes and curtain*
substituted."
The same condition will be required
in several other restaurants whose li
censes exoire in a short while.
Among them are the Bay State, New-
Poodle Dog. Jack's Rotisserie. The
Pup, Delmonico's and Marchand's.
Policeman William F. Buckley,
charged with being off his beat In the
Richmond District for an hour,
proved to the satisfaction of the com
mission that he failed to hear his ser
geant's whistle owing to the high
wind blowing at the time.
Seven hundred and twenty-seven
peddlers' licenses were favorably re
ported. Pedlar and Keeler, who con
duct a saloon at Seventh avenue and
Fulton streets, accused of allowing
dice-shaking for money, proved that
the customers were tossing for drinks.
Thirteen retail liquor dealers in the
Italian quarter were refused permis
sion to hang' curtains before the
booths In their placed of business.
Germain Charged With Perjury.
Benjamin F. Germain, confessed
bigamist, will have to answer to a
charge of perjury. He pleaded guilty
in Judge Dunne's court a few days
ago to a charge of bigamy and was
sentenced to serve two and a half
yearp in > San Quentin. Yesterday Vir
ginia H. Barker of Santa Barbara,
who was married to Germain in this
city on May .17, swore to a complaint
before Police Judge Fritz, charging
him with perjury- He swore before
"Cupid" Danforth on May 17 while
procuring the marriage license that
he was unmarried, while in fact he
had been married to Henrietta Ger
main in Oregon City, Or., on January
3 last, and she is still alive.
Mnrtcn Gets Writ at Last.
The Supreme Court yesterday
granted an alternative writ of habeas
corpus in favor of Arthur Marten,
who alleges that he is illegally re
strained of his liberty at the Ukiah
nsylum. "Judge White of Mendocino
County wiJl hear, the case at such time
as he may- elect. Marten has ■ been
bombarding the Supreme Court with
petitions for writs of habeas corpus
for the last two years. The papers
are all prepared by the petitioner
himself in a legal manner.
For Native Sons* Sick Fund.
The Native "Sons' "joint literary and
social committee, will give Its next en
tertainment--and -dance-, in Native
Sons' Hall > to-night. This will be un
der the auspices of the executive com
mittee, assisted by Pacific Parlor No.
10. Both committee and parlor are
bending every effort to make this event
a success. The profits a% well as those
of previous efforts are for the fund for
the relief of the \ sick members of the
order.
Costs, in Dolbcer Case.
The memorandum of co3t3'for the
proponents" in the. Bertha M. Dolbeer
will conte3t was r filed" yesterday by
Attorney E. S. Pillsbury. It shows an
aggregate expenditure of $2290. 95 for
depositions, witnesses and court fees
In defending the last testament of the
unfortunate girl.
-ESCAPED . CHINESE A RRESTED.— Xr Tl« I
Sin?, a member; of the -crew, of the Melvilte I
Dollar, escaped from the vessel on Christmas '
•Jay *ud waa arrested on t&. dock last Mend&j
nlc-bt by Chine*. Bursau Watchman Robin
■on.
ADVEKTlSiangNTS. *
nSNE^URSl
...WILL BE... •
..Sacrificed., j
; v Only three and a half days ♦
? remaining in which our entire *,
i stock must be reduced. ,
! We ore compelled to {
J move January 1st, onac- I
count of transfer of lease, t
Genuine Royal Ermine Four- t
: . in-Hands. 916 up;. Neck J
Boas, $3 up; Mink Four-in- ♦
; Hands, $7 up; some un- J
called-f or garments, includ- «
ing Sealskin Jackets, will be •
sold for the j. amount of *
, charges due. I
i — ' — ~ : — i v
Lc k '. — —I
Siberian Fur Company
AD.KOCOUR , I
(The Reliable Furrier), Mgr. !| ,
121 POST STREET {
Upstair*, Booms 7 to IX.
Bet. Kearny and Grant ave. ;;
I! Our temporary Salesrooms !i
, i and Factory, from the xst of
January, 1905. until future no-
tice, will be located at 36 !,
! GEARY STREET (EASTER- d
BROOK BUILDING). 4TH
; FLOOR, BET. KEARNY ANt> !
GRANT AVE. s (Elevator.)
|j OLD> KIRK WHISKY 1
pi The Whisky of ij
H Good Fellowship |j!
if A. P. HOTALIKG 1
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.
€33 MARKET ST.. OPP. MASO.V.
I H0L1JAY GIFTS OH IN3TALLMEHTS.