THE TTE-iTHER.
Tcreatts. m mX m»w 3fcsst3soB Sat
TT^^rt.y ijasya ir^^^c^st TT^rpro*
■
Sxn niadm «*»* ridnixy— Osaty
ti»h»^»j- Wg+i» narfa wtadm, eba&dBx
tD Tnsrertr- A. G. UcAXUB.
District Fnrectsrec
VOLUME XCVn—XO. 15.
BIG SCANDAL ARISES IN POLICE DEPARTMENT
MS. YOUNG
FACES "NAN"
PATTERSON
Climax in Trial of
Alleged Mur
deress.
Prisoner Almost Faints
Wlien Widow Appears
as Witness.
Courtroom Crowd Has Oppbrtunity to
Make Comparison Between the
Two Women.
8:w»ei2.1 Dispatch to Tbe Call
NEW YORK, Dec. 14.— Mrs. Margaret
Young:, widow of "Caesar" Young, to
day faced the woman charged with her
husband's murder. Her appearance on
the witness stand marked the climax
of the case for the prosecution against
"Nan" Patterson. She was called to
identify a letter addressed to Young by
Mrs. Julia Patterson Smith, "Nan"
Patterson's sister, containing an im
plied threat. Mrs. Smith called Young
"Dear Nunk." and warned him that
"Nan" Patterson was in a desperate
frame of mind and that unless he
called to see her there was no telling
what she would do.
"Nan" Patterson had given many
evidences of her extreme nervousness
during the day, and when Mrs. Young's
name was called every vestige of color
fled from her face. She was livid as
she clutched her father's left hand, and
h* -again platted Mia riphi. arm around
fcvr shoulders. There was a long delay,
cs the widow had been permitted to re
main in £he District Attorney's office,
on an opr>er floor of the building. Theri
a. side door opened and Mrs. Young ap
peared, dressed entirely in black, with
& mourning veil hanging from her hat.
As she walked slowly to the witness
stand and in a low voice took the sol
emn oath to tell only the truth she did
not seem to notice the slighter figure
in- black facing her. The spectators
could not avoid making comparisons
between the two, and it was In the
widow's favor.
Mrs. Young i* tall and handsome,
vith strong features and a pleasing
expression, while her one-time rival
in "Caesar" Young's affections is frai!
physically, with a small face and a
prettiness that is somewhat childish.
Her teeth are tiny and her light blue
eyes are very small.
Although she was on the stand only
long enough to identify the letter, Mrs.
Young's presence developed one of the
most intense situations of the trial.
Miss Patterson, deathly pale, watched
Intently every movement of the wit
ness during her brief examination.
Another of Young's brothers-in-law,
TYilliam Luce, told to-day of what had
occurred between Young and Miss
Patterson at their meeting 1 in a saloon
the night before Young was killed, and
John Crowley. a cab driver, repeated
his story of having seen Young slap
the prisoner's face during a quarrel
or. the street that same night.
BRILLIANT BALL
FOR HER DEBUT
Jliss Gladys Vanderbilt of
New York Makes Her Bow
to Society of Metropolis
NEW YORK, Dec. 14.— To Introduce
to society her daughter Miss Gladys
Vanderbilt, Mrs. Cornelius Vanderbilt
to-night threw open the family man-
Eion at Fifth avenue and Fifty-seventh
street, and gave a brilliant dance for
her daughter. The entertainment was
notable, not only from its social im
portance; but also from the fact that
it was the first large entertainment
given by Mrs. Vanderbilt in five years
or more. While in reality ft was the
debut of Miss Vanderbitl. it was not
the only entertainment that will be
griven to her, for Mrs. Vanderbilt will
give a grand ball to mark her daugh
ter's presentation to society on Jan r
uary 13. V , v
Although styled a "small dance,"
to-night's entertainment was to all in
tentjs and purposes a ball, and by no
means informal, as it would be out of
the question to bo style so splendid
an entertainment. Miss Vanderbllt,
while yet at her studies, is quite as
much out in society as the other young
women of her age. as she has been
frequently at the cpera this winter and
also at other entertainments.
While it was the intention of the
hostess to confine her invitations to the
younger married people and to those of
the young dancing set, there were not
a few of the older members of society
present. Many elegant costumes were
eeen. - ... . ■ ■ . • • -
Roose»flt Aids Art Pfoiect.
PARIS, Dec. 14.— rPresident Roose
velt was one of the first subscribers" to
th* proposed museum of Arlts. which
■frill collect provincial; relics. I-iis sub-
Ecription was accompanied oy^ an auto-*
giaph letter to Edouard Leon, the or
runlzer of the project
The San Francisco Call.
POLICE COMMISSIONER HUTTON dis
1 covers that women of the half world are con
tributing enormous sums of money- to officers
in uniform at the entrances to their brothels. Pa
trolman John Dean collects one day's- toll and
turns the coin over to his superior. \Pacific street,
Hincklcy alley, Belden place, 1 1 29 Dupont street
and Bacon place are said to pay more than $5000
a month for "protection." Some of the guilty
public servants arc alleged to be known, and for
mal investigation of the wholesale corruption
in the red light district is promised.
Immense Conspiracy
Is Alleged to Exist
MONEY WIDELY DISTRIBUTED
Parties to Investigation.- Aice
Very Secretive.
Another disgraceful scandal has come
to light in the Police Department. The
fallen women of the tenderloin are pay
ing immense sums for "protection,"
and the uniformed guardians of the
peace are acting as collectors of the
shameful tax. Police Commissioner
Hutton has uncovered the criminal
facts. An official investigation of the
matter is on the tapis. The central
figures In the sensational expose are
Hutton and Patrolmen John Dean
and Samuel Higgins.
The toll was extorted from the mis
erable inmates of Bacon place Tuesday
night, and proof of the transaction is
forthcoming. Hinckley_ alley, Belden
place, J12S Dupont street- and .Pacific
street have all been contributing large
sums to the police. In Bacon- place
alone the average dally -payment has
ranged fronr$36_rd~$5Q.. according to ttor
number of women occupying cribs.
• As the -men on these details were
changed daily- the conspiracy, among
the members of the department must
have been widespread. Each day the
fund has been gathered and disbursed.
Every inmate of the dens of infamy at
Bacon place and 1129 Dupont street Is
said to have paid 50 cents daily, 'j The
women claim that they have the alter
native of paying or being arrested for
vagrancy.
The scandal came to the ears of Hut
ton and he immediately began one of
his favorite private investigations. Pa
trolman Dean of the park police sta
tion was selected by the Commissioner
to demonstrate -the truth or' falsity of
the report of the shameful taxation.
Tuesday night the policeman was de
tailed to watch Bacon place by Captain
Gleason and by Hutton to gather the
toll. He experienced no difficulty in get
ting the corruption fund and turned it
over to the Commissioner.
The latter planned to continue his in
vestigation and verify the reports of
"protection" at the other • brothels,
meanwhile keeping secret the results
of his detective work. But the story of
Tuesday night's affair spread through
the force like wildfire yesterday, and
last night there were no collections.
BIG .SUMS COLLECTED.
Whether the individual policemen
who have exacted the tax each day
kept the total amount or turned over
a part of It to others higher in author
ity is the principal thing that Hutton
is anxious to discover. The aggregate
sum gathered monthly from the resorts
mentioned is alleged to exceed $5000.
Hutton exr>ects to be able to show to
whom the funds were paid.
Reports that "protection" taxes were
paid by fallen women have been spread
during many years. Occasionally some
policeman has been brought to task on
this charge and dismised br trans
ferred to the "tog belt." Proof of the
illegal transactions between members
of the police force and the women of
the half -world has always been .diffi
cult to secure. Of. late the abandoned
women and their consorts have been
complaining that the tax has been in
creased and extended to cover practi
cally every member of the clique. When
the unfortunates refused or were-un
able to pay, they are said to have been
arrested, charged wllth vagrancy and
usually sentenced to Jail. Thus the
levy was enforced.
In Bacon place the dally offering was
collected by the "hops," as the alley's
errand boys are called. They turned it
over to the police on duty.' it is
charged. The policemen are said to have
pocketed the coin and that is the last
the contributors know of,lt The stories
of corruption had of course tome to
headquarters, and to prevent any one
policeman from getting well acquainted
with the inmates of _the brothels the
detail was changed e"very twenty-four
hours. . In spite of this move the toll
was collected each day, as before.
Higgins and Dean were detailed from
the North End. and Park stations, re
spectively. Tuesday. Higgins was not
apprised of the fact that anything un
usual was planned. Both performed the
usual duty of taking the names of men
who entered the alley until after night
fall. '■: Then Dean accomplished the spe
cial task assigned him by Hutton. .
Higgins is reported to -have taken
some of the money and to have subse
quently refused to . surrender, it to the
Police Commissioner. -He, denies abso
lutely that he h«s seen any kind 'of
money for a week, and is surprised to
learn that dissolute women contribute
to the private Incomes of policemen.
Higgins has been a member of the force
Bince ; July, ' 1902. ' - He ' is married, has
several children" and is generally well
thought of. His record in : the deoart
ment" has : been without a blemish.
Dean" is an , exrsoldier, who " has lived
In San Francisco for, the last five years."
He was taken on the force" last October,
andi is well liked > by his superiors.- Hig
gins' usual beat is on Sutter land Post
streets, -j betwjjp- Jones and- Steiner.
SAN FRANCISCO; THURSDAY^: .^DECEMBER 15, 190A;
Dean covers Fell and Oak streets, be
tween Steiner and Stanyan. .
THE NEWS SPREADS.
Tuesday evening news was spread
through the tenderloin that Hutton was
abroad. Women ceased: to solicit,
music was shut. off in the saloons all
along the Barbary Coast and the half
world assumed a quiet appearance.
The embargo had not been raised again
last night and the inhabitants of the
lower social levels are awaiting for
something to happen before resuming
activities.
Policemen Reade and O'Connell suc
ceeded Dean and Higglns on the detail
at Bacon place Tuesday night and
Hammill and Hostetter. had the watch
yesterday." The .four, .officers, last
named .had all;- received : word, of the
investigation by Hutton, "Special Chief
of Police for 1129 Dupont street." and
they were surprised -to find that there
was corruption In the red light dis
trict- ••' V./'V.: ■-.*V : A-:'."-'" •-. ■:■;
Hutton declined to speak of the mat
ter last", evening although he admitted
that: there were "doings" in Bacon
place twenty-four hours before. Dean
was wildly alarmed over the erroneous
story that ran through the Police De
partment to the effect that he had been
caught red-handed . In the act of tak
ing marked coin from some of the in
mates of the alley. He said Hutton
would clear him of any- such charge,
but refused, to tell about the arrange
ment he had made with the Commis
sioner to uncover the graft. • Dean re
flected sadly that Higgins had a fam
ily, but could not trust himself to tell
anything about his brother, policeman.
Higgins denied that he had done any
wrong and evinced great willingness to
answer any and all questions that the
Police Commissioners might choose to
ask him. He denied absolutely that he
had seen Hutton in Bacon place Tues
day night. Both policemen reported off
at the' usual time and were on their
regular beats yesterday. No "'money
was collected from the fallen women
last night. . It.Js alleged, that Hutton
has positive evidence* against certain
members of the force who have been
engaged In the big graft. A
SENSATION* CAUSED BY
An official* blunder
Coroner Not Notified Until. IiOnis
Tschch's Body Had I^ain Three
Hours Exposed.
Through a blunder of some one con
nected with the Police Department
the dead body of Louis Tscheh was al
lowed to He exposed to the public
view in his Powell-street store at 1215
Powell street for three hours and five
minutes before the Coroner was noti
fied.
Tscheh. had been subject to epilep
tic fits and had an attack on the side
walk at half past 9 o'clock yesterday
morning. . He was taken back into his
upholstery store and medical aid was
sent for, but he died within a few min
utes. Police Patrolman ', P.; O'Connor
reported the affair - through the tele
phone to the Central police station
and a detective was detailed to inves
tigate the case. The. Coronerwas for
gotten in the matter until at 12:35
p. m. an indignant citizen called at his
office, and wanted to know why. the
body had not been removed to ihe
Morgue. • •■-■• -~ --
Tscheh was ,37 years old and a
member of Roma Lodge, Knights of
Pythias. ' .... 'ii
HUNGRY WOLVES ATTACK
A STAGE IS MINNESOTA
Driver and Passengers Have Thrilling
Experience in Broad
Daylight.
TWO HARBORS, Minn., Dec! 14.—
With a pack 'of hungry , wolves.'jump
ing into the vehicle in an endeavor, to
secure th^ carcass of a deer, snapping
at the horses' necks and threatening
the occupants in'broad daylight,". the
driver and passengers on a stage ex
perienced a thrilling adventure in
driving from Grand Marais to Two
Harbors yesterday. Early on the trip
a . pack of wolves was seen at a dis
tance, following theistage. They kept
up. the chase for'.fdur hours, until a
house was reached,'. where "■•. the pas
sengers put up; for, the night.
aiust Return to Face Trial.
LONDON, Dec. 14.-^-At the Bow
street Police Court to-day, James VVa 1
lace of Marquette, Mich^.-was com
mitted ' for extradition i on the'eharga
of .haying .:.. stolen v.: stock-*. certificates
yaluediat $30,000 from-;Edward;Broi
tung.a'banker of Marquette;^. Wallace
was arrested ; at l Uverpoor;up6n. his
rival there November (4 ' on the ; steam
ship Saxonia from^ Boston.* .- _ ; ;,"
TELEGRAM
TESTS GRIT
OF LAWSON
Joker Sips; Name
of Greene to a
Message.
Warns Boston Man to Pre
pare for .Visit From /
Westerner., .
Answer Comes Back Promptly, Naming
Public Street as Meeting.
. : Place. ~;K^
Special Dispatch to Tb« Call
NEW YORK, Dec. 14.— A practical
Joker sent the: following telegram t 0
Thomas W. Lawson to-day, to test the
Boston man's nerve:
"Thomas W. Lawson, State street,
Boston— Leave for Boston ■ on 10 a. m.
train from New York. Will be at your
State street "office at "3:30 p. m.
-..-"WVC. GREENE."
Within a few. minutes. back came a
message from Lawson, selecting as the
place of meeting the scene of the Bos
ton massacre of revolutionary times.
Here is Lawson's telegram:
"W. C. Greene, on board 10, a; m.
train to Boston— As; you- seem anxious
to do;-, your business ; out :in publlc^and
as , my. office <i»Vf or other .purposes than
your loud •; mouthingsj . I ■ will • meet you
at the time staled " on- State" street, in
f ront- of ithe Q^VstayerHouVe^ana'aV I
have had , sufficient. of ypMt '** loiia" bleat
ings therewith notify you I will do all
tht$ denouncing thatfwill'be. done.
V "THOMAS tW/JL.AWSON>
H. H. Rogers, chief ■ stock., market
agent for the Standard Oil party, came
publicly to the rescue of Colonel Greene
to-day, in his fight with Lawson. It
was announced that Standard Oil
money would take care of the stock of
the Greene Consolidated Copper Com
pany and the bears were invited to sell
It without fear that Colonel Greene
would threaten to call at their offices.
The stock rose from $25 to 527 50.
It was officially reported : that '.the
control of the company had been hand
ed vover to Rogers by Colonel Greene
during his visit to 26 Broadway on
Monday, while the raid on his stock
was at its worst. E. H. Harriman,
whom Greene named as the largest
stockholder outside of himself, is ba
lieved to have acted for Rogers " in
buying the stock.
Safe from further financial ; storms.
Colonel Greene announced that he was
sorry he had entered into a competitive
advertisement writing contest with
Lawson.
•'Lawson can write better than I
can." said he, as he stroked his curb
hair with the big fat hand that has
*dug copper ore in the West, and made
notches on his pistol in Mexico. "1
was mad.. You would- be mad, too, if
some one made you lose $2,000,000 In
two days.- I don't intend to make any
gun plays. The Lawson incident » Is
closed." .
Colonel Greene, in his decision to let
Lawson alone, doubtless felt that one
fight on his hands Is enough. To-day
he sw'ore out a warrant for the arrest
of Frank W. Goodman, who went gun
ning for him last year. Goodman has
been writing more threatening letters
to Greene.
PAY FIXED
BY SIZE OF
FAMILIES
Race Suicide Dis
couraged in
Kansas.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
■ TOPEKA,' Kan./ *Dec.* 14.— In order
to encourage the_ raising of ,blg fam
ilies. * the! Commissioners of : Shawnee
County v have i voted to ■ increase • the
salary, of every employe In the couTt
house $5 per month for . each baby born
ln^his family. : ,
"In placing a;premium on babies,"
said Commissioner Sterne, "we .are
simply '/ carrying r but r jthe ; Republican
''policy- of j encouragement/ to .infant in
dustries and the Roosevelt . idea of big
families. ; In '■ case : of ■ twins,; the. clerk
will i get a . raise ; of , $10; per month' and
If: there -be" triplets,'! $15."V' The : ' county
.board has no way; of -offering a" bounty
to^ the people [ generally ♦ as J an f«.Induce
ment ■, to Vraiseiblg/ families^ but : it?can
reach employes : of }the> county -through
salary 'increase, vand we fpropose;to -do
>ii.'iti&gsBSS&gM ■ ':■'■'■'. ■"■•■'■■•■
CLEVELAND MOB HOOTS AND
JEERS AT MRS. CHADWICK.
Her Sensational Home-Coming
Has Its Ending in a Dingy Cell
CHARACTER STUDY OF MRS. 'CASS1E L. CHADWICK. CENTRAL FIGURE IN A REMARKABLE CASE. VRAVTS DURIXO HER
APPEARANCE BEFORE UNITED STATES COMMISSIONER SHIELDS 'IN NEW YORK CITY JUST BEFORE SHE WAS
TAKEN TO A CELU IN THE TOMBS. . : -
BODY FULL
OF WOUNDS
FROM KNIFE
Man Supposed to Be
T. J. Feeney Is/
Murdered.
,What looks like a case of cold-blooded
murder was unearthed at the. City and
County Hospital early this morning,
•when . a man, supposed , to ■; be j T. J.
Feeney,-, was taken there \ in -a dying
condition from the home of Thomas
Christall. 426 Twenty-seventh : street.
Death was at first supposed to have been
caused from a bullet 'wound In -the
head. A later examination disclosed
eight knife wounds over the heart and
several small cuts and , abrasions on
various parts of the body.' .
The man was found shortly before
midnight and as he still "breathed :he
was rushed -to the City -and- County:
Hospital, but died on. ' the f operating
table. At first it was thought to be'
a clear case of suicide, as a revolver
with one chamber \ discharged", was
found lying near^the unconscious. form
of the man. But the'jflnding ; of the
knife wounds over the " heart;.of -the
man leads, the. police ; to
believe that murder has been"done. : 1
\No. clew to the identity of I the man
could . be" ascertained -other '••" than .'the
name given . above, which .was on , the
shirt. The deceased was about five feet
eight inches in height. 40 years old; and
of dark : complexion.* He [ \vas : attired'lri
dark coat and vest andstripedUrousers;
with grray socks, and wore two suits of
gray underwear. . • .'-' '.;., ■■■.; ■- :
./No- Qne In the neighborhood where
the : man" .was • found » heard Hhe * shot * or
any, disturbance..- ; The . people ; in the
house were unaware of the; presence of
the -dying ; mam -until^informed :\by the
police. t A search .for ; the ; knife ; " proved
unavailing. Detectives. will be detailed
on the case ■ to-day. .
THE THEATERl
AiCAZAR— "Ou>rtc«."
CALIFORNIA — "Sl» HosMna."
COLUMBIA— "A Chinese Honeymoon."
CENTRAL— "tort ." la j Blberl*."
CHUTES— Vaudeville.
FISCHER'S— VandcrlU*. ' "^
GRAND — "In Dahomey.**
MAJESTIC— "Mr. Potter ef TexM."
j Matlse« . to-day. . . ■ .-. I
OBPHEUM — Vaudeville. Mattne* t»
■day.- -...-•
TTVOLI— "Xia» Dodo."
CLEVELAND,' Dec. 14.—Five -times
indicted by the United States Grand
Jury -rat ;the exact minute -her train
rolled into the station, Mrs. Chadwfck
came home to,Cleveland this afternoon.
She was greeted with J(jers, hoots and
hisses; by. the that .gathered in
the station when her train, arrived;
howled at by gathered in
front of the Federal buirding." \ The last
so'Und that reached her^ from the out
side world as she passed into the' stuf
f>V ill-smelling -office of Sheriff -Barry
in the. County Jail was the hoot of de
rision from the people massed in front
of the dodrway. -She made' : no~ attempt
to- give .ball, and after aVbrief; stop in
the office of the .clerk of ' United
States court was taken to jail.' Sh^els
held to-night in a cen"in:-the woman's
departments of -the jail; and her palatial
residence- on Euclid avenue, of .which
the furnishings alone are * valued ' r at
$200,000, .is -occupied by her maid:
I Mrs. Chad wick's, courage -.held -to the
last, but her, body failed her, and .when
she' mounted the three flights of stairs
leading : to the tier of cells where she
is to. remain. she collapsed utterly and
fell In a faint. But for the aid of a
Deputy : United ' States Marshal, who
held;her, up and almost carried her
along .as she mounted the stairs she
never would ' have been" able ' to reach
her., cell. ; Breathless, pale and stagger-
Ing, she -was barely able to. reach a
chair asi the steel door of the women's
corridor : swung open to receive her.
She sank", . feebly into the 'chair,' her
head • fell . backward, and but for the
marshals she "would have rolled to the
-floor":' .-..:. - ; , -;^r , ,\.
- '. ' MUST REMAIN IN JAIL. .
Water, was quickly ; brought to her
and in a; few : seconds she revived and
was again a -woman' of business. -Her
first request was that her lawyer. Shel
don Q.* Kerruish; • be ;sent for r and she
soon engaged in" a conference. with him
concerning her . defense. ,
'' There is' small chance that she will
be /able- to leave \the 'Jail before her
trial. There are'now. 1 - seven Indictments
against " her— five .'additional charges
haviner been ''laid .against! herein the
Federal 'Court .this 1 afternoon. It- would
require.' surety*, to -$he amount .of ;at
least $100,000 to \ give "her .freedom, and
therexia nobody, in Cleveland: who will
advance- that- -amount.. She has her
self;'no "idea of » giving bail ''and' will
remain In jail. , She, has the-bestcellin
the • place, > but - it' is ' not a , nlceTcell, . nor
is the -county "Jail' of "Cuyahoga County
a'nice jail;- even ;as . -jails : go.; . -, .- -.. i .
■i* Mrs. Chadwick's train, was scheduled
to arrive : at 11 : 10 o'clock in th'e , morn
ins, but. It was -three hours later be
fore it reached Cleveland; : The delay
of the train served" but^one purpose^-r
th'at.. of increasing -the :crpwd *of . the
curious at the station. When the -train
had passed .C.ollinwqod, a suburb about
sis' miles out.'.the •police; -cleared -• the
platforms, drove : the . crowd back i from
Continued on I Pase 2, Column 1.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
DR. BADLEY
SURPRISES
MENDICANT
Yale's President in
an Exciting
Struggle.
Special DUo*tch to Th« CaXL
NEW HA VEX. Dec 14.— Dr. Arthur
T. Hadley, president of Tale Univer
sity, detained a visitor to-day until de
tectives arrived, and in the interval
was in the thick of an exciting strug
gle between several men and his quar
ry.- Three students whom Dr. Hadley
summoned to^his assistance also knew
they had been In a tussle. Charles F.
Porter, the visitor, was so exhausted
and breathless that he had to be sup
ported by detectives when placed under
arrest. ; .
Porter, a man of heavy frame, drove
to Woodbridge Hall in a hack. He Is
tall and weighs about 220 pounds. He
went to Dr. Hadley's office, and, al
though rather poorly dressed, was abis
by dint of excellent manners to be ad
mitted, lie told Dr. Hadley he was
from Denver and that for some time
he had been traveling in thia part of
the country. Just now ne was on his
way from Boston to Syracuse. Porter
added that his father, now dead, was
graduated from Tale sixty-five or more
years ago.
. Soon Porter remarked that he found
himself short of funds and hoped that
Dr. Hadley could v lend him $10 or so.
Dr. Hadley excused himself to consult
the university record as to Porter's
father's Tale antecedents. Not finding
that the man's story tallied .with the
alumni record. Dr. Hadley. again ques
tioned Porter and then telephoned to
detective headquarters for aid. Porter
decided it was time to go, but In the
hall Dr. Hadley caught and held him.
Porter fought viciously. Three students
came to Dr. Hadley's aid, and finally
they overpowered him. Porter wu ax
rested for vagrancy.2
MRS. CHADWICK COLLAPSES
AFTER SHE HAS ESCAPED
FROM HOOTING CROWD
Continnrd Prom Page 1, Column 6.
*" ■>'■' -. ' I i '
the gatej; and formed a line through
which Mrs. Chadwick would have to
pass. / J. :< . '.
When the train finally rolled Into the
station there was a rush from jthe far
ther end of the Iron fence, that kept
the crowd from the* tracks.'. The .inpb
had broken through the '.police,
swarmed "ore"r the fence . and • through
the gate upon the tracks..' ■. ■..-.'.
Mrs. Chadwick caught. a glimpse of
ihe great crowd which arwarme4 about
the train shed- and was ♦ grouped '•on
vantage points on the- heights '■*- sur
rounding the station. She instinctively
Hhrank back into a corner of the drawv
ir.g-room and said: ' ] i ', ... j.
"I cannot see why all these.'people
should be here." •' '"
XO FRIENDLY GREETING.
After the train h^d been emptied of
iis passengers United States Marshal
Chandler qf Ohio stepped aboard her
oar. where he was introduced to Mrs. ;
■lhadwick, who asked that she be taken
jet as speedily as possible. Preceded
♦y Emil Chadwick and Freda Swan-;
•trom, the nurse, the : party made its,
-ay to the platform .[and . thence
Enough the dense Crowd* to' a carriage
i waiting. . . - •-•- ~\t. .
Although in her own city, no friendly
lace greeted her at the car,, and Mrs.
chadwick stepped Jhto .h^r"-carriage as*
is' she had been an entire- stranger to
this community. 'As sooii/as-. she was
recognized by the crowd : there was a
spontaneous outburst of cheers, whistles
and shouts of coarse epithets. Not until
the police were called, Mpon could the
efflcers attempt to.^conduct!; their pris
oner to the carriage in Raiting. Shouts
of "Here's the notorious V'iand "Where's
the money?** greeted -Mrs. Chadwick
upon her appeara'nee. 'and as the
viciousness of the m»b dawned upon
her she seemed to grow faint and wav
ered, as though about -to. fall.
* The arrival of the woman was spec
tacular in every respect. As soon as
the oolice could clear a way and bring
about some semblance ,of order about
the station platform the officers led
their prisoner toward the gate and out
through the entrance. There the street
was almost blocked and well nigh im
passable to the carriages and teams.
The camera "fiend" was there in all
his glory, despite the overcast sky and
dark day. and through this battery
passed Mrs. Chadwick, Marshal
Chandler and his two deputies to their
carriage. They were immediately driven
to the Federal Luilding.
MOB CONTINUES JEERING.
During all this time the crowd kept
hooting and jeering. The shouts and
cries were taken up and passed
all along the way to the Fed
eral building, through the busiest part
of the city. As the carriages neared
the building the crowds broke into the
streets and many began to run along
side the carriages, expecting to see Mrs.
Chadwick as the entered the building
by the main entrance.
In this the crowd that had assem
bled before the Federal building was
disappointed, for the carriage.with the
prisoner was driven Into an alley in
the rear of the building. There was
much delay here because -of the nar
row passageway being | blocked with
•wagons. The crowd already there was
augmented by that which 'had assem
bled before the front of the building
and there was a. veritable blockade.
The police were forced to drive the
crowd away with clubs while they ex
tricated the carriages from the tangle
with the wagons. All this- added to
the excitement and heads were thrust
into the carnages and vulgar expres
sions hurled at the occupants.
After consuming twenty minutes in
going a distance of about twice as
many feet, the prisoner's carriage was
drawn up at the rear of the Federal
building, and, with the officers, she
was taken to the Marshal's office on
the fifth floor on the freight- elevator.
The police continued to beat back the
crowd, and out of the next carriage
the nurse. Freda, was assisted and
taken up to join her mtetrT»ssV -
While -Mrs. Chadwick with her" nurse'
was in the Federal buildmg. Emil, in
the carriage outside, was subjected to
the scrutiny of the mob and was forced
to listen to anathemas and maledic
tions as *veJl as sarcastic ;and bitter
references to "notes/? "diamonds"
•securities" and the like. The insults
and jeer? were not confined +to rone
class. They seemed to be heartily
teken up by every one. on the streets
and in the neighborhood. Even the
clerks in the postoffice. working on the
ground floor of the building, flocked to
a rear door, located' next to the' one
entered by Mrs. Chadwick, and laugh
ingly shouted. "Let's see the securi
ties, referring to the baggage of -Mrs.
. ...... . ADVERTISEMENTS. ■
% * S4O,OOO,ObO
UNITED STATES OF MEXICO
-FOUR PER; GE^T GpLD BONDS 0E 1904 . ,
V Principal and Interest Payable
'SftSER ogion :la u s - GoM Coin - at l . he offlce of Spey « & Co - or at
E^eember'l - ' I' 1Si>4 - &ndliave c^P° n » attached June 1 and
ver Cortlflcatea issued for the constrocfinn »^? -?£ •♦ pecla i Mexican Sil-
AT 94 PER CEXT AND ACCRUED INTEREST SUBSCRIPTION,
Is to be made In New York txmda on or'^efore f £™ n , t l^P °£ ds^, a llo "t d '
deUvery of dennif Bonds. TemporarV &erU^ate, .^HvoT^ue^b? 1 S^peye?;
- 7*? JfSSSSP^^^r 111 «P« ne d slmult^neousIyV ?L v" ir£*
\ n by Messrs. 8peyer Brothers, . " . -•;..••
In AMSTERDAM by Messrs.- T^ixeira D^MatWtirAft - :•«'' j ' • -
FRA^cHc^ 11^ 01600 THE P -b an -
char^Sd" SUrtfe"^ 6 the on the" Ne^Vork Stock Ex-
Bpecial attention is Invited to a statement from fiFVinn V Vr- i-u-»vr t/-v£.t5.
T LIMANTOUR Secretary of State ai^^f "ne D^pfrtmem of^n^, nub
„; -SPEYER & CO., 34-26 Pine Street.
; HARVEY FISK & SONS, 6i Cedar Street
NEVADA NATIONAL BANK OF SAN FRANCISCO.
Dated N'tw York, December .14,' 1904.- , / ,'
Chad wick and /Freda,: which they saw
through the carriage doors. "\-i%£
IN* XO HURRY TO PLELVD.
Airs. Chad wick was taken at once to
the office of 'Clerk Carleton of the Unit
ed Stages court, and there, attended by
Freda 8rtV!uis£vorny 'who came in after
her, awaited the 'arrival' of her attor
ney,MCerruish.""-' Nothing: was said by
;Kerruish.,,9r , Mrs. Chadwjck- concern-
BalC'and It -was believed by Dis
trict Attorney Sullivan that she would
plead- to the indictments that had just
been", found against her. He went to ;
tha, courtroom of Judge Wing on the
sixtfi floor to arrange the; matter, but
she 'answered that she aid not care to
plead- *t -that- time, and preparations
werf at once made to take her to the
jaU' ' •
When she was about to leave the
Federal building .the* 'excifemeht was
greater, if possible, than before. The
carriages, after a few-minutes' delay,
-fcpgjed a passage, and once tfut of the
.JaHey.-.Mrs. Chadwick was hurried away
'-to -it her jail. She passed through streets
with . thronged '.curbs, only-*to run the
gauntlet of anbther'mob that had been
gathering' for hours. . Into .the jail the
prisoner was hurried, to "' the accom
paniment of more shouts and jeers and
the clicking of photographers' cameras.
Sheriff Barry asked Mrs. Chadwick
the usual questions.. She stated her age
to. be 38 years, her residence as Cleve
land .and the United States as .the
country of : her .birth- Mrs. Chadwick
was then taken to her cell.
The Federal indictments against Mrs.
Chadwick are five, in number. , Three
of them charge her with aiding and
abetting otiicers of a. national bank to
defraud the institution and two charge
her with conspiring against the United
States. Of the four indictments against
'President Beckwith of the Oberlin
Bank, two charge him with misappli
cation of funds of a national bank, one
With conspiracy to commit an offense
against the United States and one with
certifying checks when no funds. were
on hand. The indictments against
CHRISTMAS CONCERT
AT IRVING INSTITUTE
Pupils Render an Exceptionally line
Programme of Vocal and -In
strumental Music. ;.."". ,.'■'."
The Christmas concert at Irving In
stitute last evening was one of the
most successful affairs of the kind ever
given. The rooms were prettily deco
rated and filled with a large and ap
preciative audience. The numbers, many
of them very difficult, were excellently
rendered and the players received
their just due of applause and con
gratulation. The programme was as
fellows:
"Romance" (Raff). Adeline Besart; "Two
Walts**" (Jensen). Florence Simpklns; "Ber
ceuse" (Schytte). Alice I>eeble; "Calm as the
Night" <Bohm), Una Mclntosh: "Die Ernte"'
(Tschaikow*ky), Josephine Elchbaum; "Barca
role" (Tsehaikowsky). Marion Aldrich:
"Spring Song" (Rubinstein). "Greeting". (Men
delssohn)—for mezto- scprano — Charlotte Mun
dorf; Nocturne. E flat (Field); Una
FHouaise. A <Chopjn). Lorena Bariret; "For-,
get-me-not tiSuhni) — for soprano — Bessie Ja
cobs; Valse. A flat (Chopin), Cornelia Sullivarir
Allegro. F (Mozart). Grace Taylor; Prayer
(Wagner). Bessie Jacobs; Valse (Chopin),-.<3er
trude Maeon; Nocturne, p' flat <Fiel0),.< Valse.
D flat (Chopin). Maud Mascn; Andante Favori,
F (Beethoven). Jennesse Butler; ."Delight."
valse for soprano '(Luckstone), Mies' Maybelle
Rother; "From Foreign Countries." three piano
duets — Russian, German, Spanish— (Moszkow-
Kki). Miss Florence Guppy, Professor .Herman
GentE.
Anita La Ferno Tries Suicide.
Anita La Ferno, an actress and : a
former member of the "Silver Slipper"
company, attempted to commit suicide
last night by jumping into the bay
from the narrow gauge -ferry-boat on
its 11 o'clock trip from Oakland to
this side. Virgil Dimmick, an engineer
on the Belt railroad, grabbed her. '.as
she was about to make the fatal
plunge. The cause of her action is
supposed to have been, occasioned by>
the unrequited love of a singer; of il-'
lustrated songs how performing here
on the vaudeville stage.
Mining Suit on Trial
The suit of William" Bravih, as as
signee of J. J. Schmedake, deceased,
against the Libre Mining Company of
Calaveras County was tried • before
United. States Circuit Judge Hunt'and
a jury yesterday in the United States
Circuit Court The suit was brought
to recover $6000 alleged to be' due* for
labor and material furnished. 'The
case was submitted late In the after
noon. .-.-
England makes $20,000,000 a year
profit out of its postoffices.
- S?CN "FR}VNGISGO^CALI^ THURSDAY;- r DECEHBER. 15; 1904.
Cashier Spear are the same as those
against President Beckwith. f
APPEALS TO THE PUBLIC.
While being brought to this city
from New York, Mrs. Chadwfck pre
pared and. gave to the press . the fol
lowing statement:
Bearing on my side of the story all has not
been told th« people of Ohio. It ought to be
sufficient proof to you of my good faith that
I face my creditors and accusers. I have lived
in Cleveland for many years and outside of
negotiating some large loans, wjiich have all
bt*n paid back in Cl-veland, . and some things
tBat-Fmay hive done which' may not bo-con
sidered good business, I do not think any one
who knows me. will attempt to accuse me of
any wrong. I aak~"the people of Ohio to -sus
pend 'Judgment • until the case. has had a full
hearing- ■■•• CASSIE U CHADWICK.
Subpoenas for President Beckwith
and Cashier Spear in connection with
the Oberlin failure were issued to-day
by the County Grand Jury which will
resume its investigation of the bank's
failure to-morrow. 3 •
The home of Mrs*. Chadwick on Eu
clid avenue was surrendered ! to Re
ceiver Nathan Loesser to-day and. he
placed a custodian in charge of the
property. • •* • ' *
NEW YORK, Dec. "14.— That Andrew
Carnegie is willing to appear against
Mrs;'- Chadwick when his health has
sufficiently ' improved was made clear
In a statement given "out to-day at
Carnegie's residence by his secretary.
"Mr.. Carnegie's only reason for . not
going to Cleveland at this time has al
ready been given," said the secretary.
"His health will not admit of his tak
ing the trip : save, at considerable risk,
as his physician has already 'said he is
suffering fropi lumbago. .:.-..,
.. .''Heh^s.be.ehAvilling to make a depo
sition !at his home arid lator, on. his; re
turn ffpjn Florida, :.he" wjll .lend hi§.as
gistance. and be present to.. testify at
any., subsequent- proceeding, such. as "a
triai, whenever his testimony is, need
ed. His one and only reason, for. not
going to Cleveland now is that he Is
unable to stand* the journey in 'this
weather." ... .
CZAR HEEDS DEMAND
OF RUSSIAN POPULACE
Extensive Reforms to Result 'From
~ the Liberal Agitation in
Jlis Empire.
' ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 14.— There
is no longer any doubt that the Gov
ernment* intends to commit itself to
very extensive reforms as the result
of the liberal agitation begun when
PrinceSviatopolk-Mirsky made his ad
vent as Minister of. the Interior, The
Zemstvoist demands for a direct body
to make the. laws of the nation will
not be granted, but some medium in
the form of a representative consul
tative body, which - can . convey the
wishes of the people direct to the sov
ereign, now seems the. probable out
come. An entirely new law for- the
liberalization of the press also is ap
parently certain. » -.*-■■■■
MOSCOW, Dec- 14.— Professor Tim
iriazeff, whose article on "Academic
:vEreed4>m^ recently :pubHshed. was the
occasion" of &■■ friendly, demonstration
by the university students on Decem?.
ber 12, received a. remarkable .ovation
when he appeared in the lecture hall
of the. university, tQ-day. The students
cheeced "and | sWwered him with 'flow
ers. ' In- reply 1 to their demonstration
Timiriazeff expressed the opinion that
they.jvere about to witness the dawn
of a new era in Russia-
OBSOLETE ARTILLERY
FOR BRITISH GUNNERS
London Times Deplores the Delay in
• - -Providing Army With Modern ;
,-•" ' - .- '. . ' Ordnance.
'LONDON, Dec. 15. — The Times to
day prints a special article : in which
complaint is made that there has been
jinpardonable delay' in. rearmingsthe
artillery, 'The article declares that,
wiiiL. the^jBxeeption of eighteen bat
teffes of'qujck-rtre '"7guJis hurriedly
bought in Germany, during the Boer
war,, the British army has no guns that
WQuld sexiously\. count. In a modern
war Great Britain's artillery would be
hopelessly outclassed alike in Grange.
a<.:curaey and in rapidity of fire, and
would be knocked to pieces before it
could inflict any serious damage upon
the enemy. ' ; , : ' ,
o.Owjng. to the . reluctance of the
tieasury to find money and! to other
.red tape delays, nine 'mohths^haye been
wasted since:. Wai 4 Secretary .Brod
rick's committee "Vast March decided
on models for new : guns and It will
certainly be two years before the army
Is, properly provided.- V,
INTERSTATE BOARD
" v : ' ' : . TO' SIT IN EL PASO
Will Take U?> the Cimrjrcs of Fuel
■'.. Dealers Against the Santa
' EL .. PASO, . Tex., Dep. 14\— The
United State3 \ Interstate Commerce
Commission .will hold rf special .ses
sion here to-morrow to investigate the
charges of coal and fuel dealers that
the Santa Fe Railroad Is discriminat
ing In favor of the Colorado Fuel and
Iron Company on freight rates into
this city and, the general charge of
El Paso merchants that all railroads
are discriminating against this place
on freight rates. , ;
Judge A. OProuty of -Vermont will
sit on the bench and J. T. Marchand
will act as attorney for the commis
sion. ' , . • . -r • ■ ;
Assyrians May Join - Pytliians.
jTJ RICHMOND, Ind.,7 Dec. f .14.—
Charles E«'fS.hlevely : of this: city, su
preme chancellor of the Knights of
Pythias of: the World, to-day, ruled 1
that Assyrians do not belong to the
negro race and are eligible to mem-. :
bership ■ In the order. The question
arose at Darlington, S. C. .
CHldd. Dee.'-H. — Professor Stubenrauch ' of
the University of California 1b In the city on.
business with the forestry station located here.
Ho stales the ground of the ; station has , much
Johnson . gras<?,' 'which he will endeavor to
eradicate by planting, fast arrowing . trees, as
■the grass will no{ live .In the shade or- near
trees. ' -' ' • * • , : .:•-.•..-'
Makes Yearly Christ mas Appeal.
-Deputy'- Health . .Officer " ' "Levy has
issued . th€>*- usual yearly '.appeal for
Christmas 'presents for. the Inmates of
the county 1 and leper - hospitals and
Almehouse. The Chinese lepers have
m'ade^a request for' a! roast ; pig and
wearing apparel, . books, magazines
and. little'" comforts are nee'ded. The
old_"men 'at\the Almshouse would be
ple'Ssed .with' tobacco and pipes. Dr.'
Purlenky could make * use of v house
hold at the Twenty-sixth
street "hospital; •vLucienGbulon, a 15
year-old leper, uhas- always received
plenty-of toys, butbooks and. wearing
apparel would;- ; be , more' acceptable.
.Tep-Inch disks for a music box would
be^ kppreciatea- by, the lepers. ; All con
tributions may • be ' sent : to the -Health
Office, City Hall.
TWO FIREMEN
DIE IN BLAZE
Property^ Loss in Miiineap
'i olisf^VJll .Be ; Qver ; Eight
Ffflundral TlionsandDollars
WIEE -CAEKIES FLAME
Three Men Trapped on the
v Fifth of Building
and One Does Not" Escape
MINNEAPOLIS, Dec. 14.— Two fire
men lost their lives/ several persons
wer£ injured^ and property" valued at
$800,000 was destroyed- by fire, : which
started last night. .-It was not brought
under control until* triis' morning.
The, dead: ' : : ' ;. - >fi
.JACOB F. MILLER,' insurance pa
tr~olman, : ~ :■-■,.■ •-"■ ' .
JOHN FELLOWS, pipeman.
Seriously v Injured :'■ Fredf Kircheff,
substitute pipeman, '^burned about face.
Tony Wilson, pipeman; .burned about
legs; [Lieutenant J. P. Barrett, back
injured:?.--; 'I. \ * ■' "
i For-a timetheentire retail business
district was threatened and its escape
from destruction was due as much to
the absence of a strong wind as to ef
forts; of '■ the- firemen, •
The fire started in the photographic
supply house of the O. H.. Peck Com
pany, and quickly spread', to the ad
joining buildings, including the six
story furniture house of Boutell Broth
ers', one of the largest establishments
of its kind in the Northwept.
The losses include the following: O.
H. ..Peck Company, photographic sup
plies,-building and stock, $80,000; Bou
te}l Brothers, furniture, building and
stock, $375,000; Bintliff Manufacturing
Company, picture frames and art
goods,,, building and stock,. $120,000.
Powers Mercantile Company, building
and' stock, $225,000. Other miscellaneous
losses will bring the total loss up to
$820,000. The total insurance is $605,000.
Jacob Miller, a member of the in
surance patrol, staggering under a
heavy load, of tarpaulins on the fifth
floor of,. the Peek Photograph Supply
Company's building stumbled into the
elevator' shaft and fell to the basement.
Ever y effort was made to rescue him,
but in the rising flood of water and the
roaring.-, furnace of flames, his body
could not be located.
John Fellows, a pipeman, was caught
on the fifth floor of Boutell Broth
ers' furniture establishment with three
of his 'comrades. It was a critical mo
ment, for all at once the wires that
controlled the automatic sprinkler
turned, a dull red and in another in
stant the whole building from top to
bottom burst into flames. The sprink
ler wires had. in some way touched a
live heavy current wire. The three" men
who were with Fellows succeeded in
making miraculous exits down the fire
escapes.- but Fellows made the fatal
error, of running to the elevator shaft
and sliding down the cable, in the be
lief that the lower part of the. building
had not yet begun to burn. He slid on
to 'a cauldron of flame and was seen
no more.
When the Boutell building burst into
flames the firemen knew that nothing
could save it and turned thefr attention
to the adjoining buildings. Next to the
Bintliff "building' is the Northwestern
National Bank's - new white marble
buildings -It>,Tesisted theflames admir
ably;. AcrosSiythe /Street from the Bou
tell building stands the two-story-de
partment store .of the Powers Mercan
tile Company, covering a quarter of a
block. It is of 'very inflammable con
struction, and soon flames began to ap
pear along the eaves. The fire depart
ment, however, succeeded in prevent
ing the flre gaining headway here. The
"stop" was made at the expense of
heavy damage to the Powers stock.
This prevented a flre that might have
gone far and included the newspaper
buildings of the Tribune and the Jour
nal..
EDITOR DAVIS
PASSES AWAY IN
PHI LADE LPHIA
- PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 14. — L.
Clarke Davis, editor in chief of the
Public Ledger of this city, died at,hls
home here to-day of heart disease.
He had reached the age of 70. He is
survived by a widow, Rebecca Hard
ing Davis, the author; a daughter and
two, sons, one of s the latter,-. being
Richard Harding Davis.
Death of a War Veteran.
NAPA, Dec. 14. — C. M. Michelson, a
well known 1 resident of Napa, died
Tuesday night after a prolonged Ill
ness. He was a native of Norway,
aged 66 years. He was a naval veter
an of the Civil War 'and was one of
the crew of the United States man ot,
war Cumberland, which was sunk by
the Ironclad Merrimac in Hampton
Roads.
Monterey Loses Pioneer Citizen.
SALIXAS, Dec. 14.— Charles Wil
liam Ryder, a pioneer resident of
Monterey County, was found dead in
bed this morning. He leaves a wife,
five. daughters and two sons.
Lieutenant Dies in Islands.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 14. — First
Lieutenant Ryder. Davis .of the Phil
ippine Scouts died of heart disease at
Diaete, P. I., yesterday.
Weary, of Life.
•■■ Garland Gerrietes, a carpenter, re
siding at 125 Trenton street, shot him
self through the head last night. He
was taken to the, Receiving, Hospital,
and the doctors say he cannot recover.
Na reason is known for the act.
v To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take' Laxative, Bromo Quinine Tablet*. All
druggists refund the money if it falls to cure.
*=••". Grove'* denature U on each box. • 25c.»
No rnan favors expansion— of
TO ADVEKTISEKS.
Owing to the large
amount .of work incident to
the issue of THE CALL
HO LI DAY EDITION,
SUNDAY, \ PEC. i8;^NO
D I S P LAY ADVERTIS-
ING copy, will be accepted
for 7- that v "edition > after ■ 6
P^M. Saturday, and NO
CLASSIFIED Ads after q
P. M. ;
GET YOUR COPY IN
EARLY.
MUST GO BACK
TO STOCKADE
Army Prisoners Who Broke
Out of Rodeo Inclosure
Captured by Provost Guard
INSPECTS EIFLE EANGE
General MacArthur Pro
npunces New Experiment
to Be Complete Success
Three of the military prisoners who
broke through the stockade at the Ro
deo rifle range on Monday were cap
tured yesterday at Ignacio, near San
Rafael. They were .Richard Wells,
Donald/Thome andCIaude Paumapeer.
Constaile George 'Agnew and M. Mc-
Namara. who were on the lookout for
the escaped prisoners, espied the three
walking along the- Calitornia North
western Railway, and. arrested them.
They made no I resistance whatever.
They all looked v tired, worn out and
hungry. I
Paumapeer, who is said to have been
the ringleader of the break from the
stockade, said that everything had been
carefully planned to have the whole
100 prisoners make their escape. . Con
ditions, however, .were not favorable,
and instead of the whole gang escaping,
as . was originally planned, only ten
managed to get away. Paumapeer fur
ther added that when he saw the fop:
settle down ' and completely envelop
the camp on Monday afternoon It was
decided, to. make the break at 8:30 in
the evening. Word was passed around
the camp for the gang, to be ready at
the appointed hour. Only ten were
ready for the bolt. The others, were
afraid of being shot down by the guard.
Paumapeer began the attack on the
barbed-wire ■ fence with a washboard,
and another prisoner began cutting the
wires with a pair of shears that, had
been' smuggled over from Alcatraz. It
only took a moment to make a hole blc
enough for the men to crawl through.
As' soon as they were In the open they
scampered away into the adjoining
hills, where they spent the nieht.
Tuesday night the runaways com
menced to feel the pangs of hunger,
and one of the gang went to a road
house near San Rafael and got food.
At a farmhouse they stole a pair of
trousers.
\ Major A. R. Paxton, commandant
at Alcatraz, expects that the balandf
of the escaped prisoners will be cap
tured in.< a few days.
The new protected target range at
the Presidio received its first prac
tical test yesterday in the presence of
General MacArthur and was a pro
nounced success. This rifle range was
largely experimental. It was built un
der the supervision of Captain Charles
R. Howland and has been under con
struction for the last four months.
The o ( utcome of this experiment has
been looked forward to with great in
terest throughout the entire United
States army. Now that the tests have
proved to be an unequivocal success,
similar ranges will be constructed at
th^ different ' posts throughout the
country. Besides General MacArthur
and. his aid, Captain Frank li. Winn,
ther.e were present all, the leading of
ficers stationed at the Presidio and
GeneralMoore and his aid, Lieutenant
Creed F. Cox, from the department
headquarters.
• Captain Howland made the initial
test by firing the first shot Follow
ing -him came all kinds of experi
mental shooting by enlisted men,
which was highly interesting and edi
fying, to the big crowd of spectators.
% General MacArthur expressed him
self as highly pleased with the results.
The range will be put into practical
use at once and then different troops
now at the post will begin daily prac
tice.
Major Henry M. Morrow, who has
been acting as Judge advocate on the
Rees court-martial at Vancouver,
Wash., has gone to Seattle to look into
the case of Private Stubbs. Stubbs
was accused, of killing an enlisted man
at American Lake during the man
euvers there this summer. He was tried
by the civil authorities and acquitted.
He was then tried by a court-martial
and fund guilty of manslaughter and
sentenced to seven years* imprison
ment. He has now appealed to Judge
Hanford to be released on habeas cor
pus. He claims that the army mu
thorities had no jurisdiction in his
case. .
STATE .VETERINARIANS
"/' HOLD, ANNUAL MEETING
Members ; Gather at Banquet Table,
Discuss Business and Elect Officers
of the Association
The , California State Veterinary
Medical Examiners' Association held
its annual meeting and banquet last
night at the Poodle Dog restaurant.
About forty members from different
parts of the State were in attendance.
In the afternoon the veterinaries held
a clinic in the hospital of W. F. Egan
at 1117 Golden Gate avenue tpr the
purpose of demonstrating certain sur
gical problems.. After the banquet
the general business of the association
was reviewed. Papers from Dr. Car
roll and Dr. H. A. Spencer were read.
They were laid over until the next
meeting for discussjon. =
A short address was made by R. A.
Archibald, who was elected president
of^ the- association. The following
members were elected to office .-Pres
ident, Dr. R. A. Archibald; vice pres
ident. Dr. J. B. Boomer; secretary,
Dr. P. H. Browning; treasurer, Dr.
Spencer Sr. Dr. F. J. Creely and Dr.
D. J. Fox were elected as a board of
examiners.
PANAMA CANAL POSITIONS
WITH GOOD SAJLARIES
Clerks, Engineers, Physicians, Drug-
gists, Surveyors... Civil Engineers
and Trained Nurses Wanted.
j The United States Civil Service Com
Commission announces the following
examinations for the Panama canal
will be held at San Francisco. Los
Angeles, Fresno, Marysville and Reno
on January IS:
Clerk, salary $75 to $125 per month; book
keeper.$"B to $1C5; assistant timekeeper, $50
tlrtrtkeeper, $75 to $100; general timekeeper
$125; age limits, 18 to 40 years. ., As these ex
aminations will be held on the same 'day ap
plicants . will be permitted to . select but'- one
examination.- Assistant civil : enyinejr, age
limit 25 to '50 years, $175 per month: ' transit
man. 21 to 50 years, $150; level man, 21 to 45
years, .$100 to -$125; rodman, IS to 40 years,
$75 and $83 33; chainman, IS to 40 years, $60;
helper, ». 18 "to" 40 years,- $60; : surgeon, 25 to
50 years, $250; physician, 25 to 60 years, $150,
$200 and $250;-, pharmacist, . 21 > to ■' 40 years,
$900V<$1000 and $1200, with board 'and. quar
ters; ■ hospital interne (male),, 20 to 30 years,
$50 and board and- quarters, provided that If
appointees . are - retained -in the. position -of. in
terne-for one , year ■ they will be paid $125 per
month; trained nurs« (male or female), 20 to
35 years. 550., with board and quarters. Apply
to the United States. Civil Service Commission.
Washington. D. C, or to the secretary. Board
Civil' S-srvice. Examiners, .301 Jackson street,
San- Francisco,, for application form 1312. ,
. The names look .finest "on visit
ing ; cards v don't always carry the most
weight on checks. ->
HOLD TWO MEN
ON SUSPICION
San Bernardino Authorities
Think They Have Murder
ers of Roberts in Custody
CAUGHT AT BURLIXGAME
Evidence Against Prisoners,
: Although Circumstantial,
Is Said to Be Very Strong
SAN BERNARDINO. Dec. 14.—Un
der Sheriff S. W. McNabb of this coun
ty returned this afternoon from San
Francisco, having in charge Sidney
Jarvis and Arthur Swindell, who are
held on charges of robbing the ex
press car on the Santa Fe westbound
overland train on the night of Decem
ber 4,. and murdering Evan O.' Roberts,
the Wells-Fargo messenger. After a
week of unrelenting search Deputy
McNabb arrested Jarvis and Swindell
at the Burlingame track near San
Francisco.
On the night of the robbery these
two men, it is alleged, were in the
horse car in front of the express car
which was robbed. • They were in the
employ ot F. J. Mackey, an English
millionaire horse owner, whose hobby
is polo ponies. The two men were em
ployed at Chicago to come west with
the horses and were both on the train
at" the time of the- robbery. • Jarvis
was married on the night before he
left Chicago.
The evidence against the two men Is
said to be very, strong. It has not yet
been determined whether the.prelimi
nary hearing will be held here or at
Daggett. .
HOTEL. 71EPRESEXTATIVES
MEET At SAXTA BARBARA
Discuss Plans Whereby .Business
Might Be Conducted on a More
Profitable Scale. . •
SANTA BARBARA, Dec. 14. — Rep
resentatives of twenty-one of the lead
ing tourist hotels, covering the terri
tory extending from San Francisco to
San Diego, met in conference in the
parlors of the Potter Hotel in this
city this afternoon in response to a
call of a few leading hotel managers,
for the purpose of formulating plans
whereby business might be conducted
on a more extensive and profitable
scale. All but four of the managers
to whom the unofficial call had been
addressed were present, and in several
instances there was more than one
representative from a single estab
lishment. The object of the confer
ence is to establish more cordial re
lations between the managers of big
tourist hotels of the Pacific Coast and
to adont methods which will be of
mutual benefit to all. The conference
will continue to-morrow.
BIGGER THAN
LAST WEEK
Twenty-Nine Fine Fianos Sold at Pommer-
Eilers Removal Sale Monday
and Tuasday.
Store open every evening now.
Easy terms of payment. Prices.—
$95 for $200 styles, $186 for $350
styles, and, up to $218, $246, $287,
etc.; used ones for $64, $78, $95,
etc-, etc.
An Investment of a couple "of million
dollars brooks no delay! If any one en
tertained any doubts as to the seriousness
of this occasion and the urgent necessity
on the part of us tenants of the old
Bishop Building to get rid of our stock
quickly, such doubts were quickly and
thoroughly dispelled by the auction sal§
of the balance of the furniture people's
slock next' door during the past two days.
Many who attended this sale saved
enough in the price of their furniture to
buy one of our line .pianos, and many
again, saved enough in the price of the
new piano which they secured at our
present closing out sale to buy a big dray
lo&d of furniture.
This is no idle talk— but actual fact— as
will be found by any ■ one who will but
stop a moment to investigate the condi
tions as they are.
Price cuts little figure now. for we 'must
get rid of this stock no matter what the
sacrifice. ' •
Twenty-nine sales of fine pianos and or
gans were recorded at the Pommer-Eilers
Removal Sale on Monday and Tuesday,
and In spite of yesterday's unfavorable
weather the sales by closing time will
foot up more than a dozen.
TEE ESS IS KEAB.
At this rate it will alrnply be out of
question to keep the sale open until the
close of the month, for everything will be
closed out before that time.
There'll, be no more pianos at these cut
prices when the stock now on our main
salesrooms floor is gone.
At the very last minute we decided to
throw into this sacrifice three additional
carloads of Decker and Klmball and
Hazelton pianos which were on the way
when the sale commenced, and every one
of these' choice pianos are marked to sell
at the same reductions in price that has
made this sale the wonder of the -trade
throughout the United States.'
Bear in mind that the total amount of
pianos, and organs- sold since the com
mencement of this sale exceeds $138,000.
and that we wilt' easily reach the $150,000
mark this week.
HEBE ABE SOUS PRZCES.
We offer this morning an elegant Deck
er Brothers upright for $85. We offer a
very good serviceable C. D. Pease-upright
for $75; a Neuman, also in good order, for
$64. An elegant, slightly used, -strictly
modern Klmball upright for $245, and a
large size Steinway. ebonlzed case. $200.
Thirteen , other used but serviceable in
struments at corresponding reductions.
PINE NEW PIANOS AT HALF PBICS.
For $188 we offer several very fine and
strictly new fully warranted upright pi
anos, in choicest of mahogany and quar
ter-sawed oak cases; $18 cash and $S a
month buys them. Ordinarily such In
struments are sold at from $300 to $325.
$18 down and $8 or $10 a month takes
choice of the remaining high grade fancy
mahogany, and mottled walnut eased up
rights that are worth really, double the
money we now ask for them; the price to
close out quickly is $218 now.
. Please" bear In mind that these pianos
arc fresh- and clean and brand new, not
antiquated • "factory samples" or* shop
worn "old timers" that have been stand
ing around and. left over .because no one
wanted them. . . , . ,
We have a number of piano players that
we want . to dispose _of without further
ceremony. One Pianola. $136. : one Chase &
Baker, nearly new. $145; one Angelus In
fine condition and another of same make
but old style, the latter at one-third ita
original price.
All of the remaining $600 and '$65*. fancy
exhibition styles of highest grade upright
pianos go now at reductions of from $255
to $312, and we'll hot split hairs about the
terms' for . these. .. ;" . ■• .
• Remember we guarantee, every thing we
sell: Pianos, shipped anywhere for in
spection and trial.: Pommer-Eilera Re
moval Sale. 653 Market street, opposite the
Chronicle building.. •.
: <- "RELIABLE"
Men's Furnishings
THE LATEST
Holiday Novelties
Fancy Shirts
Hosiery
Underwear
Gloves
Dress Shirts
Neck Dress
Handkerchiefs
Night Robes
Pajaraa Suits .-
Umbrellas
Suit Cases
Suspenders, Etc.
Prices
780-786 Market St. ,
242 Montgomery St.
IPADTCDgl CERE SICK HEADACHE.
liAHItnO . ■ ' -
SIittle Genuine Must Bear-
8IVER Fac-Simile Signature
I PILLS. s? 2*~- *
What Santa Glaus Says
About our laundry work Is the opinion
of one who has years and experience to
back him, therefore it "goes," and you
will fln<J as he has. that we keep our
promises, treat our customers right and
clean and do up their linen- in a atyfe Ir-
reproachable for neatness and finish.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
1004 MARKET STREET.
Telephone South 430.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
TRANSATLANTIC
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HAMBURG. IN GERMANY. ON THE
31st day of December. A. £>., 1003. and for
the year ending on that day, as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State ot Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed aJ
per blank furnished by the Commissioner:
ASSETS. '•*,
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Conds owned by Company $423,660 00
Cash In. Company's Offlce — .....\. • 303 72
Cash In Banks -. 2«,5y3 On
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 3.. 347 17
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion •' «.... 84.701 87
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Firs and Marine Risks 1,037 90
Due from other Companies for Re-
• Insurance on losses already paid.. 173 83
Certificate of Deposit in hands of -■ »
; United State* Trustees _ 10O.C0O 00
Total Assets ". ...$842,970 S3
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid 12,088 72
Losses In process ot Adjustment or
In Suspense B.I 47 CO
Losses resisted, including expenses. 8.508 84
Gross premiums on Flre Risks run-
ning one year or less. $24i.4t>2 91;
reinsurance 50 per cent — 122.2S1 43
Gross premiums on Flre Risks run-
ning Jioce than one year. *-(.><!.-
476 0ft; reinsurance pro rata 117 603 sa
Commissions and Brokerage due and ..
to become due 1D.91S 35
Return Premiums and : Reinsurance
Premiums ■ 7.671 75
Total Liabilities .J2SKU 77*80
INCOME." Y'i ~ ===
Net cash actually received for -Ft re
premiums •"■•;"••••; -»31 7.814 03
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from .'
all other sources .................. 13,792 73
Remitted from Home Offlce........ 23.074 33
Total Income ..:.......Ji. ...... .$358,381 35
EXPENDITURES, i ~"
Xet amount ' paid for Flre Losses
including $10,391 44. losses ot .
previous years) . .$477,737 S3
Paid . or allowed for Commission or •
Brokerage .\.. .- 88.80« 13
Paid for Salaries. Few and other .. -
charges tot officers, clerks; etc.- 21.*J1Q 60
Paid for State. National, and Local
taxes .j i 4.433 S3
All other .payments and .expend!- . %
I tore* , ..*..... .' 19.218 08
Total Expenditure* ...:.-. ; . ..... .$308r,344 43
/, Fin.
Losses incurred during itM year. ...$171,763 98
Risks and Premium!!. ',Fire .Risks. 1 Premiums.
Net amount of Bisks ; . ,-, .*..'• l\-
■written during 7 the • ■•• ■ ■"<
year ::.. $31,137,643 $466,256 «l
Net amount of RUtks • ■ -, . '
expired during the - ;
year ;.'..-.. V....... 1 . 23,390.382 363.363 27
Net amount . in • force • . ■ »
December 31. 1903.. 30,7J!2,90« 430.9AS 07
ADOLPH LOEB. United, States Manager.
Subscribed and sworn -.to Before /me. this 8th
day of February. lflC4. ..'■••.•;>: .'
MARK A.' FOOTS.
. . . • » ■ Notary Public
Pacific Department latofc&hed 1872^-
• . -V. C. DRIFFIELD, Manager.
H. DANKER, Ask Manager.
Jj 221 SANSOME ST., ;
_.-..... San Francisco, Cal.» - -
Telephone No. 5817 Mala.SIEGE GUNS
HURL DEATH
AT CITADEL
Every Pail of the City and
Harbor of Port Arthur
Is now at the 3Iercy of
. the Japanese Artillerists
NAVAL COMBAT
REPORTED BY TOGO
Admiral Is in Doubt as to
the Result of the Tor
pedo Attack Upon the Rus
sian Battleship Sevastopol
TOKIO, Dec. 15 (noon)—
It is reported that the Japa
nese have successfully tor
pedoed the Russian battle
ship Sevastopol.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE THIRD
JAPANESE ARMY, Dec. 14.— Every
part of the city and harbor of Port Ar
thur is Visible from 203-Meter Hill. The
streets of the city are deserted and but
few soldiers are doing patrol duty.
Many buildings have been burned and
others chattered. The shelters of the
harbor present a strange appearance,
with the turrets, masts and funnels of
warship* showing just above the water.
There is not a vessel afloat in the har
bor. The docks and buildings on the
■water front are torn and burned- The
Japanese shells search every part of
the city and harbor.
The tremendous price in life paid by
the Japanese for the capture of 203-
Meter Hill has been redeemed by the
utter destruction of the Russian fleet.
The Japanese fleet will now go into
dock.
The Japanese are working their ad
vance on the shores of Pigeon Bay on
comparatively level ground against the
Talyankow, Idzchan and 'Antzshan
forts. The approaches to the fortifica
tions are easy, but the forts ar», enor
mously strong and the «ear approach
will be all tne more difficult, as the
tapping of trenches will have to be
done through frozen ground.
The naval guns mounted on 203-Meter
Hill will be able to cover the advance
of infantry against any of the western
forts.
TOKIO. Dec. 14.— Vire Admiral Togo
W^orts a series of torpedo attacks on
th* Russian battleship Sevastopol, be
pinning at midnight cf Monday. The
Ru?s:ar.s. the admiral ?ays, vigorous
ly r*>sistf-<i the attarks. The results of
th> «?xpl<->pions= of the torpedoes have
not >•<=■! bpen ascertained.
The rer"rt of Vire Admiral Togo was
received last night. It was a? fol
lows:
•"Commander Kasama, commanding
the torpedo flotilla, on Monday at
midnight attacked the Russian battle- i
thip Sevastopol. Iyinf outside Port
Arthur. The rerult of this attack has
not been ascertained. Subsequently
two torpedo boats under Commander
Masado attempted several attacks, fac
ing the enemy's vigorous fire. The
shock of the explosions of torpedoes
Mas felt, but the next day the Sevas
topol remained hi the same position.
Xone of our vessels were damaged.
"On Tuesday, at 2:30 o'clock in the
morning, another torpedo flotilla at
tacked the Sevastopol, but the result
of this attack was not learned. In this
attack a shell from the enemy struck
the funnel of one of our torpedo boats
and another struck the engin; room,
disabling the vessel and she lost her
freedom of motion and was towed
away by her comrades. There were no
casualties.
"Again at 6 o'clock on the morning
of the same day a torpedo flotilla un
jder command of Commander Seki at
tempted an attack, but was exposed
by the enemy's searchlights, and, be
ing subjected to a heary fire, waa un
able to accomplish its purpose.
' "Simultaneously Lieutenant Adachl,
commanding two torpedo boats, ap
proached the enemy's ship and dis
charged torpedoes, which were seen to
explode, but with what effect Is not
known. These a.ttackers also were ex
posed to a heavy fire and each was hit
once and three men were wounded."
The commander of the naval guns
Overlooking Port Arthur, reporting at
•ID o'clock on Tuesday night, says:
"To-day's bombardment was princi
pally directed against the arsenal and
torpedo storehouse at Tiger's Tail pen
insula and the vessels anchored in that
vicinity. The storehouse waa set afire
and burned in about an hour. About
six Efcells struck the ships and three
vessels us^d for various purposes were
destroyed. One took fire and sank. The
ADVERTISEMENTS.
YAQUI RAIDERS
MURDER WHITES
Plunder and Burn a Ranch
Near Minas Preitas After
Putting Family to Death
TWENTY REBELS KILLED
Fifteen of Them Are Shot by
Rescue Party and Five.
Taken Alive Are Lynched
Ereeiel Ditratch to The Call
TUCSONV Ariz.. Dec. 14.— Horton
Jones, an American mining eneineer.
who has been living at Zubiate. Sonora.
came in to-day bringing the first ac
count of Yaqui uprisingsi in the vicin
ity of that camp, L.a Colorado * and
Minas Preitas. A family on the Cala
veras ranch, near Minas Preitas. was
slaughtered by the Yaquis. and the
place plundered and burned. The same
band, numbering more than a hundred
men, then attacked a neighboring ranch
owned by Jesus Torres. Torres with
his vaqueros held the savages at bay
for two days, at the end of which time
a parti' headed by Augustin Rivera,
who was advised of the attack bv a
runner, went to their aid and succeeded
in driving off. the Indians, killing fif
teen of them dnd capturing five. The
latter were strung up to a tree the next
day.
Herbert Woods, who returned from
Sonora with Jones, was attacked by the
Yaquis while on his way to Magdalena.
He carried a grip on his saddle which
the Indians must^have believed con
tained bullion. They surprised Woods
by opening fire and killing his horse.
His Mexican bodyguard then fled, leav
ing him to the mercy of the Indians, but
when he handed over the grip and they
found him to be an American thev left
him unharmed. He made his way to the
nearest ranch, where he was picked ur>
by a party which had started out from
Magdalena to recover his body. Woods
and Jones say that they will not return
to that section of Sonora until the
Yaquis are conquered.
bombardment of buildings caused se
rious damage. The result of the bom
bardment of the Sevastopol has not
been ascertained owing to the inclem
ent weather."
DREAD WORK OF GRENADES.
Horrible Spectacle in the Trenches of
310-Meter Hill.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE JAP
ANESE THIRD" ARMY, BEFORE
PORT ARTHUR, Dec. 14. — The work
of removing the dead from the crest
of 203-Meter Hill and from the slopes
on the north side of the hill has been
completed. The southern slopes are
still covered with bodies, which are
buried in the debris. In the trenches
and in bombproofs.
The effect of dynamite., used as an
offensive weapon in the form of a
grenade, was instanced in an appalling
manner by the condition of the dead.
Long lines of Japanese bodies laid out
on a slope of the hill previous to in
terment presented an awful appear
ance. JCearly all had been horribly
torn by the dynamite.
An unrecognizable mass of flesh and
bones, fragments of hundreds of
killed, unearthed from the fllled-In
Russian trenches and piled up on a
slope of the hill, presented a scene of
horror never to be forgotten.
The heavy timbers and steel plates
of the bombproofs were torn to splin
ters by shells and dynamite bombs.
COST OF SIEGE TO JAPAN.
Englishman Says Port Arthur Is Not
Worth the Price.
CHICAGO, Dec. 14.r-"WIth the fall of
Port Arthur the Russians will have
achieved a great victory and the Jap
anese will have lost a great opportu
nity.-"ln maintaining the siege the Jap
anese have lost 75,000 men. They will
lose 25,000 more before the fort falls,
-which probably will not be for months.
As a matter* of fact? when the Japan
ese get Port Arthur they won't get
much. They might have been doing
greater work with their men elsewKere
Thus General Stoessel, with 16,000
men, has worked wonders In decimat
ing the Japanese ranks."
So Epoke Reginald Glossop of Hull,
England, who* arrived in Chicago to
day, after having- been with the Jap
anese forces under General Nogi.
'•The only important fort thus far
taken by the Japanese is 203-Meter
Hill," he continued. "There are still
sixteen, which will require the loss of
many men to take, Liaotishan, the
higher Inner fort, is like the rock of
Gibraltar. It will be a long time be
fore the Japanese take this."
PATTI'S RED CROSS CONCERT.
Large Sum Netted at the Diva's Very
Last "Farewell."
ST. PETERSBURG. Dec 14. — Mme.
Adellna PattI gave a corfcert here tq,
nlght for the benefit of the Red Cross
Society under the auspices of Grand
Duchess Maria Pavlovna. The /con
cert was a brilliant success, netting
more than $37,000. ,,' V
Seats were sold at enormous prices.
Emperor Nicholas, members of the
imperial family and all the wealth
and rank of the Russian capital were
present. The diplomatic corps waa
represented by Spencer Eddy, the
American Charge d'Affaires.
Patti received a wonderful ovation
and at the conclusion of the v concert
announced that this was her final fare
well to the concert stage, adding .that
as her first success was achieved in
St. Petersburg it was fitting that she
should close her public career here.
NO TRACE OF DE CUVERVUjLE.
France Discredits Sensational Report
. . of Attache's Fate.*
PARIS, Dec. 14. — The Foreign Of
fice haa not received any information
which it considers credible concern-
Ing the disappearance of Lieutenant
de Cuvervllle, the French naval at
tache at Port Arthur. This statement
waa brought out by sensational Lon
don reports to the effect that the of
ficials here had been advised that Jap
anese torpedo-boats deliberately sank
a Junk aboard which were the French
andT German naval attaches. The of
ficials point out that the $2000 re
ward outstanding for news of the
missing attaches is still unclaimed.
DARING FEATS OF SOLDIERS.
IteekJess .Pastimes Indulged In by
Kuropatkin's Men.
MUKDEN. Dec. 14. — During the
lull in serious fighting the soldiers en
joy engaging in daring feats and ex
ploits. The other / night volunteers
went to a wooded knoll guarded with
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLV THURSDAY, DECEMBER 15, -A904.
PERFECT CALM
AFTER STORM
Quiet and Orderly Session
of the Hungarian Parlia
ment Held in Budapest
RIOTS ARE CONDEMNED
Opposition Parties Fail to
Enlist Public Sympathy
in Their Demonstrations
BUDAPEST. Hungary. Dec. 14.— The
lower house of the Hungarian Parlia
ment opened this morning in perfect
calm. The royal rescript convoking the
Diet' was listened to attentively, and
the house thereafter adjourned without
the least attempt on the part of the
opposition to renew the. rioting of yes
terday. The orderliness oT~the proceed
ings was attributed to the absence of
President Perczel.
The opposition, under the leadership
of Count Apponyi and Francis Kossuth,
took possesion of the House as early as
6:30 o'clock this morning in consequence
of the rumor that the Government pro
posed a sitting at 7 o'clock. The Depu
ties took up a strong position on the
President's platform, prepared to repel
any attempt of the guards to dispossess
them. The latter, however, made, no
effort to enter the House, and on the
assurances of Count Andrassy that
President Perczel would not preside and
that the guards would not enter the
House, the platform was cleared.
Premier Tisza and the members of
his Cabinet entered, about a o'clock
and occupied the front bench, as all the
ministerial armchairs had been de
stroyed.
The members of the opposition par
ties have published a manifesto to the
nation in justification of their action
in removing the gendarmes from the
chamber and destroying the President's
chair, "from which the crime of No
vember 18 against the constitution wa3
committed." They declare they will do
their "duty in the same way again to
save the country and the constitution."
It is evident, however, that the op
position parties feel the weakness of
their cause and their failure to enlist
any great public support. The scene in
the chamber Tuesday is being almost
universally condemned.'
It is said that Count Andrassv acted
as mediator with Premier Tizsa and se
cured the compromise that enabled to
day's sitting of the chamber to be held,
namely, that President Perczel should
absent himself from the House on a
plea of illness and that gendarmes'
should not be admitted.
Another influence that induced the
tiuce is the knowledge that the crim
inal law provides a long sentence at
bard labor to any one preventing by
force the sitting of Parliament.
SIXTY-EIGHT THOUSAND
LOST IN* SINGLE NIGHT
Two Strangers Leave Their Coin in a
Gambling House In N"ew
\N'EW YORK, Dec. 14. — According
to a story given out here late to-night.
Police Inspector McClusky, Chief of
the New York detective bureau, has
received a report that two men, one
from Cleveland and the other from
Chicago, both wealthy, last $68,000 a
few nights ago in a New York gam
bling house. Of this amount $44,000,
which had been given in checks, was
recovered, but $24,000, the cash loss,
was not refunded. The story says the
men were introduced into the house
by a person representing himself as
an old friend of the Cleveland man. I
wire entanglements which the Japan- !
ese usually occupy in the day time
and cut down wood and carried it tol
the Russian positions. Frequently
volunteers creep up to the Japanese \
lines and carry off a hundred feet or j
more of barbed wire. !
The dugouts along the. front, which
in reality are underground barracks,
are splendidly constructed.
Japanese Drilling in Hawall:
HONOLULU. Dec. 14.— The Jap
anese of Kauai Island are drilling,
preparatory to going home to Japan
to participate in the war. Governor
Carter has ordered an investigation
The Japanese Consul, Miki Saito, has
Issued a proclamation urging his
countrymen to take special care not
to violate the laws of neutrality and
to avoid the possibility of embarrass
ing America.
Hopeful Yet for Port Arthur.
MUKDEN, Dec. 14. — Late dis
patches received at headquarters from
Port Arthur by way of Chefu declare
that the situation there is by no
;means as desperate as it is reported
by foreign newspaper dispatches. The
line of main defense forts is unbrok
' en and there is plenty of ammuni
tion and food.
America the Mecca of Deserters.
VIENNA, Dec. 14.— The Nova Re
j forma of Lemberg says a steady
stream of deserters continues to ar
rive there, most of whom are going to
America.
Promotion for Bezobrazoff.
LONDON, Dec, IB.— A dispatch
from St Petersburg to a news agency
says Vice Admiral , Bezobrazoff has
been appointed chief of the marine
staff, replacing Vice Admiral Wirinus. j
♦ — —
EMPEROR AND EMPRESS
OF RUSSIA GRATEFUL
Bestow Marks of Their Esteem on
Rev. S. Dabovich und Horace
G. Platt,
tfhe Emperor and Empress of Rus- !
sla have been j paying some citizens of i
San Francisco graceful and heartfelt i
compliments in acknowledgment of j
important services rendered the suf- !
fering on the battlefield in the conflict '
now raging in £he Far, East. j
There have been entertainments in •
this city in aid of the Red Cross •■ So- j
ciety and each qccasion has proved the !
sympathy that exists here for suffering
humanity. Foremost among those
who have taken an active part in the
affairs have been the Rev. ; Sebastian
Dabovich of the Greek-Russian Cath- V
edral and Horace G. Platt, Vice Consul
for Russia, whose " indefatigable ser •
vice, extending over a number of years,
has earned for him the highest appre
ciation of the Czar. Mr. Platt has just '
received from the Czar a hand- •
some cigarette case, studded with
gems. The outside is composed;
of pale green enamel, on which j
Is the imperial coat, of arms, designed
in diamonds. The case is lined with
pure gold. Since that graceful act the
Rev. Sebastian Dabovich has received
the personal expressions of gratitude j
of "the Empress through his Excel-'l
lency, Count Cassini.
MILLIONAIRE
NOW DIRECTS
FRENCH ARMY
SOCIALIST. MILLIONAIRE AND
BROKER AT HEAD OF THE
FRENCH WAR OFFICE.
PARIS. Dec. 14.— Maurice Berteaux,
the Socialist, millionaire, stockbroker
and Deputy, who has just succeeded
General Andre as Minister of War, is
something of a noveltyln that capacity.
There have been Socialist Ministers be
fore, notably Millerand, Minister of
Commerce in the Waldeck-Rousseau
Cabinet, and Pelletan, Minister of Ma
rine in the. present Cabinet. Indeed,
Premier Combes himself, though flying
the Hag of the so-called Progressionist
Republicans, is a Socialist in convic
tions and in line of conduct. But there
has never before been a stockbroker
Minister in France, and very few civil
ians have been Ministers of War, the
only precedents in recent years being
Godfrey de Cavaigne and De Frey
cjnet.
Maurice Berteaux was born at Saint-
Maur-les-Fo'sses in 1S52, and has been
a stockbroker on the Paris Bourse since
the age of 27. His first political expe
rience came a.s. City Legislator in the
town of Chatou, and he was afterward
Mayor of the same place. In 1893 he
was elected a member of the Chamber
of. Deputies representing the Seine-et-
Oise Department,- in which Versailles
stands, and he has been "regularly re
elected ever' since.
TRADE BEFORE OFFICE.
Berteaux is among thejnost success
ful of Bourse men, and he clings so
much to his profession that he has
refused to retire from active business
even to become Minister. Some opposi
tion to this was raised in the Cabinet,
and he declared that he would refuse
the appointment, but would not resign
his seat at the Bourse. Investigation
proved that, his case being unprece
dented, there was nothing unconstitu
tional in his retaining his business con
nections and, therefore, he was al
lowed tb do as he pleased.
As all young Frenchmen must per
form their army service without ex
emption, Berteaux will find numerous
sons of his best clients and sometimes
clients themselves among the soldiers
serving under him, and his position will
not be an enviable one when he is x com
pelled to administer punishment tc
them for questions of discipline.
While essentially a civilian arid a
financier. Berteaux is not lacking in
knowledge of army matters. He has
served his three years in the ranks
and is a captain of Reserves. For sev
eral years he has been secretary of the
Budget Commission for {he army, and
he has given proof of exceptional tech
nical ability. He was among the ad
vocates of the two-year army service
law, instead of three years, as at pres
ent, and his oration on this subject was
largely responsible for the passing of
the bill before the Chamber. This bill
has now been passed by the Senate
also, and' having been returned to the
Chamber for definite ratification,
Berteaux hopes to have the privilege of
being the first to apply It.
PLAN'S FOR REFORMS.
Among other reforms which he has in
view for the army are measures to
check the spread of tuberculosis and a
new method of recruiting officers, so
that those may hereafter be called from
all ranks of 'the population. The great
est present trouble in. this last connec
tion comes from the fact that French
officers are so poorly paid that the
armv doesn't offer a career sufficient in
Itself. A small, proportion of officers
are members ? of the nobility who want
a military career to carry on the pres
tige of their name, but fully nine
tenths are the sons of grocers, wine
dealers or others who have made
money without attaining social posi
tion, and see their best chance for a
social opening by entering the army.
Apart >from army matters Berteaux's
political programme is Socialistic in the
extreme, save for the fact that he does
not advocate, the confiscation of pri
vate fortunes for the public good. He
wants a new law by which railroad
employes and other workers shall re
ceive a greater share of all profits; he
wants an income tax; he wants to
break absolutely and irrevocably all
link between the French state *nd the
Vatican, and he clamors for a thorough
revision of the entire constitution en
liberal lines. .
FREE FREE
WITH ' .
SUNDAY CALL .
SMALL ADS.
A Box of
RAMONA
CHOCOLATE CHIPS
. Or^the ,
RAMONA DOMINOES.
Free With -Every Small Ad' 1 in
Sunday , Call.
See Small Ad Page for Further
' »' Particulars.
PRINCE TO SEEK
AMERICAN WIFE
Swedish Press Hopes That
the Future King Will
Woo Alice Eoosevelt
PRAISES HER VIRTUES
President of the United
States Not Regarded as
a "Private Foreign Man"
Special Diroatch to The Call,
CALL BUREAU, HOTEL BARTON.
WASHINGTON, Dec. .14.— News has
reached Washington that the newspa
pers of Sweden are discussing the prob
ability of Prince Gustaf Adolph. Duke
of Scandia, and eldest son of the Crown
Prince, taking an American wife. The
Upsala Nija Tiding recently printed a
significant editorial declaring that the
heir apparent would make a popular
choice should he decide to seek Miss
Alice Roosevelt as his royal bride. The
editorial continued:
"President Roosevelt's daughter, is a
young woman that in intelligence and
personal attributes is fully the equal
of her remarkable father. The royal
person who succeeds in winning her
hand will bring home to his country a
bride that, in qualification of heart and
head; would in a peculiarly satisfac
tory manner fill the position of consort
of a ruling monarch."
The editorial declares there Is noth
ing to prevent such a marriage, as the
President is not a "private foreign
man," and concludes with these sig
nficant words:
"That King Oscar would give his
sanction, there can be no doubt."
The Upsala paper's editorial has been
reprinted and revamped In many other
publications, and the -proposition Is re
ceived with general satisfaction, al
though some editors doubt if Mi3s
Roosevelt would "care ~to become a
Queen," since American girls, they say,
have the reputation of being "so inde
pendent."
WILLIAM TELL
IN ALL BUT AIM
Special Dispatch to Th« Call
| OMAHA, Dec. 14.— While trying to
Imitate William Tell this afternoon Er
; nest Linn, aged 16 years,' shot Sylvan
Belote, aged 8 years, in the back of his
head with a shotgun and killed him in
, stantly.
; The tragedy occurred near Raymond
and the remains were taken to Lincoln.
Five boys were returning home from
, school together when they met Linn,
j who had been hunting. One of them
| then placed a tin can on the top of the
I head of Sylvan Belote and invited Linn
! to shoot it off. Linn stepped back
_ twenty -feet and fired, missing the can
! and hitting the boy.
j Linn told the Coroner that he thought
| the bad aim was due to th^ shot scat
j tering, an incident he had not counted
• on. t
i .». »-
SHAW CONFERS
WITH MILLERS
1 WASHINGTON, Dec. 14— At the re
' quest of Secretary Shaw representa
i tives of a number of the leading flour
1 milling* interests of the country were at
i the Treasury Department to-day in
conference with the Secretary on the
subject of the measure now in prepara-
I tion to allow a drawback on exported
! flour made in part . from imported
i wheat. During the" conference the Sec
| retary questioned the millers present
> on several matters of detail in connec
tion wjth the milling of wheat, the con
' dition of the export trade arid the
.necessity for the action asked for. At
the conclusion of the conference Secre
! tary Shaw made the following state
'ment:
! The Importance of the question will be ap
, predated when it is known* that during Octo
' ber. 10O3, 1,800,000 barrels of American made
i flour were exported and in October, 1904. less
''than 800,000 barrels. In other words, the ex
portation of American-made flour has fallen off
during the present season mere than one-half.
If the European bakers that have been using
the American made flour changre, it would be
next to impossible to get the trade back and
it never can be got back until the American
farmer sells his wheat cheap enough to permit
the American miller to undersell. When the
expert of the Treasury Department, was at
Minneapolis* in November, the Shern>ld-K!ng
Milling Company sent thirty-nine cablegrams to
Europe offering "our at 5 cents per barrel be
low the cost of production as shown by the
book?. But two replies were obtained. One
of them read: "It is absolutely useless for
\ you to cable us on such a basis. and the
■ other: "Your prices are out of sight."'
i Two mills are now In process of construction
In London. «ach with a capacity of 4000 barrels
a day. Similar mills are b«ing built at Bel
fast and other places* Canadian mills regu
larly sell flour for export on the New York
City market and It ia then sent through Ihe
United States In bond from New York. To-day
the price of American wheat is about 1G cents
: cbove that of Canada. •■ - -
MORROW AT WHITE HOUSE.
Judge- Confers' With' President Con
cerning New Commerce Law.
j WASHINGTON. Dec. 14. — Judge
William W: Morrow of the United
•States Circuit Court of San Francisco
was among the callers on the Presi
dent to-day. Nothing would be said
-at the White House about the matters
discussed by the President and Judge
Morrow, but it is inferred that the
proposed legislation amendatory • of
the interstate commerce "law was the
main topic. . -
It is said that the President indicat
ed his enrnest desire that, action of a
definite nature — action that would
bring results to the people — should be
taken as soon as practicable.
TO PURIFY NATURALIZATION*.
President Favors Commission to Re
• vise th? Laws.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 14.—Natural
ization frauds were considered to-day
by the President in a talk with: Rep
resentative Goulden of New York.
Goulden < said he r>ro!>osed to Intro
duce a joint resolution providing for
a commission to revise the naturaliza
tion laws. The President approved the
commission plan and suggested that
Goulden discuss the subject with'At
torney General Moody before present
ing the resolution.
PERKINS' BILLS PASS.
Provide f or Sloney f or Light and
Fos Stations.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 14.— Senator
■OPerkins* bills providing for an appro-
—^ ■ -■•■■ ApyERTISE3IENTS.
A VENERABLE PASTOR
CURED BY PE-RU-NA.
Old People Are Especially /Mi Cb^ IJ j
Liable to Catarrh. iM • i Cj
Pe-ru-n3 Is a Tonic Especially $«$ !l*^ I mnRH i
Adapted to These Cases. \!ii!i| )
REV. J. N. PARKER. . /I. *%& V \5jl
• Rev. J. N. Parker. Utica, N". T.. writes: If . a $$*£*&k -^
"In June. 1301. I lost my sense of /\.:%- X****. '^^^^■^'
hearing entirely. My hearing had been / j^v; - l§p» ■'- T§Mm'' * I
somewhatlimpaired for several years, but '^^-'-^ffl^g ' 'ig&P*^'^ : '«P^^^ '*,
not so much affected but that I could r y%$ '
hold converse with my friends^ but in ' " |' ' %
June, 1901, my sense of hearing left me ' * | 'j^ s *>
so that I could jjiear no sound whatever. ; - ■' ***■ '?>' •
I was also troubled with rheumatic pains \\. : .;;■ tjffP*i^Jij|& • ■ • WP0ffi-i
"I commenced taking Peruna and now . )\ ' , II
my hearing is restored as good as it was Yk-' : g£$L. ,, W& ' S '$0hi}l
June. 1301. , ISSS??^' * ■ %&&//
Mrosis and Vigorous My rheu . \$&^filt '•' » V*y '*h
at the AgC Of matic pains W/ P
Eighty-eight Year*. are a " s° ne - x^T "~ x c £'
' ' I cannot ■^^•^zz^^'^ , " '
speak too UindEr -
highly of Peruna, and now when eighty ] A Pleasnre to Endorse Pe-ru-na
wb& °syst C e a rn. ? h ° S lnvl * orated Revfcha,. Leander. pastor First Splr-
"I cannot but think, dear Doctor, that £"„ f?? ' %*,? f . t ?^ r^ ncisc^- wr »«
you must feel very thankful to the All- rT.. U street. San Francisco,
loving Father that you have been per- Cal " as follows:
mitted to live, and by your skill be such "/f is with pleasure that / give my en-
Lm^nity^-ffj^. SrklT 11 tO SUfferinS *"«««" «' My exoerien/e has
In old age the mucous membranes be- oestt r!r f satisfactory from its use. and I
i come thickened and partly lose their do firmly believe that it is the best known
! "perE?; corrects all this bv its specific r^ f .for catarrh jn its Afferent
operation on all the mucous membranes 10rms - ~ tflas. Leanaer.
Of *WK£m* in « Xo other PVsicIan in the world ha»
!.,,M tl p ( wU1 convince anyone Once received such a volume of enthusiastic
j^d-^wTtro^a^To^g." lifel ° n * RKSJS tha " kS " Hartman f ° r
! -Ask Your Druggist for Free Peruna Almanac for 1905
DIES BY FIRE
WHEN REJECTED
Mexican Burns Himself to
Death Before the Eyes of
the Girl Who Refused Him
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTIAGO, Mexico, Dec. 14. — A
Mexican cattleman Incinerated him
self before the eyes of the girl he
loved to-day at Ciudad Porfirio Diaz,
Mexico, because she refused to ac
cept his affections. After making a
final appeal to her to reconsider her
refusal to marry him he declared: *
"I shall not suffer in hell as I do
here."
He stepped into his own yard ad
joining and. saturating his clothing
with coal oil, applied a match. In a
moment he was a veritable pillar of
fire.
The girl watched him for a moment
and then fell in a faint.
priation of $15,000 for the establish
ment of a fog signal at Humboldt
Bay. $15,000 for the construction of
an assistant keeper's double dwelling
at Point Bonita and $5500 for quar
ters for the light keeper at Cape Men
docino passed the Senate to-day.
Why is the tough mug behind the
bar called a bartender? :# f
ADVERTISEMENTS.
jp\ 4^ *H f[_ff A sk >&%e§£SsKS5Bfc^
iu©oci nats /■.•«p§2«
show windows to-day '^^^^^w^
made our hat depart- i>^^Rll^^s N
ment so popular. The
hats are priced at $1.95, V SM^M 1
S2.50 and $3.00. /I
The shapes and colors are the newest — such
as you* find in theJiighest priced hats sold to-day
in exclusive stores.
There is quality in our hats also. Any cus-
tomer after wearing one of our hats, who is not
•dflESSSt^h - pleased, .can bring the
°'d hat in and have
f^^^^^^^^^ :? % guarantee we must have
"%> faith in our merchandise -
Xtfly* : ' ':'*'*£ '.■•. < Out-of-town orders filled -write us.
y^'''-'" :: " :^>»^ 740 Market Street
TO ADVERTISERS.
• Owing to the large
amount of work incident to
the issue of THE CALL
HOLIDAY EDITION,
SUNDAY, DEC. 18, NO
DISPLAY ADVERTIS-
ING copy will be accepted
for that edition after 6
P. M. Saturday, and NO
CLASSIFIED Ads after o
P. M.
GET YOUR COPY IN
EARLY.
SULTAN YIELDS ON SOME
POINTS TO AMERICANS
Will Permit the Sale of Bibles in Cer
tain Portions of His Do
:«i .' • minions.
CONSTANTINOPLE. Dec. 14.— In
consequence of the American and
British representations the Porte has
renewed the instructions to the prin
cipal authorities to allow colporteurs
to sell Bibles in towns and villages.
The Porte, however, persists in ob
jecting to colporteurs traversing the
disturbed rural districts of European
Turkey, on the pretext that their
safety cannot be guaranteed, and also
to the sale of Bibles in the Anatolian
provmces, because of the alleged fear
that'the colporteurs may distribute
seditious literature to the Armenians.
The American Bible Society is prin
cipr.lly interested in Anatolia.
34
FORTUNE LEFT
IRISH PEASANT
Joseph O'Hare of Donough
inore Made Rich by Death
of His Sister in America
TO CONTINUE FARMING
Humble Tenant Prepares to
Buy His Farm and Live
as Befits Man of Wealth
Special Dlspctcb to Th« CalL
DUBLIN, Dec 14.— The arrival of the
fortune of $250,000 left by Margaret
OHare, the adopted daughter of
Thatcher Magoun of Medford, near
Boston, is being awaited anxiously by
several Irish landlords- Simultaneous
ly with the passing of the Irish land
act, which enables the Irish peasantry
to buy out their landlords, the news
reached the little town of Newry, in the
northeast of Ireland, that Margaret
OHare (or Maggie O'Hare. as she was
called in ther girlhood days) had died
In Boston and had left the hulk of her
fortune to a brother and sister who
live In an obscure little village called
Donoughmore, about four miles from
Newry. •
This brother. Joseph O'Hare, had al
ready entered into negotiations with
his landlord to bur his small farm of
thirty acres with the aid of money pro
vided by the Government under the
land act, but when the news arrived
that there was a prospect of his suc
ceeding to a nice little fortune of some
thing like $175,000 he hesitated, and sub
sequently declined the assistance of the
English exchequer.
GROWS IX IMPORTANCE!
"I'll have my own money," eaid he to
fcimself. "in a month or two, and I don't
see why I should be under an obliga
tion to the Government."
The countryside flocked to Joseph
OWare's humble cottage to congratu
late him on his good fortune, while
many who*, knew "Maggie" as a child
in the famine days of 1847, when she
«et sail for America, dropped a tear at
the news of her death.
Joseph O'Hare has returned from
Boston, where he was invited to es
tablish his claim, and is already recog
nized as one of the wealthiest men
coming into the market town of Newry.
The landlord and his agent, who rarely
eaw him exceut on occasions when his
rent was due, are now constant visitors
at his cottage and fraternize with him
£-•= If he were a millionaire freshly im
ported. *
PLANS FX3R THE FUTURE.
Although the money has not reached
Donoughmore yet, all sorts of sugges
tions are being forced on O'Hare with
regard to the disposal and investment
of his suddenly acquired wealth. Some
say that a store in the town of Xewry
•would yield good results; others, active
in the Irish industrial revival, say that
he ought to establish a factory in the
village, which would give employment
to a number of young women who will
otherwise be forced to emigrate to
America or to England.
Joseph O'Hare is. however, wedded to
farming, - and ■ Thatcbgr^-Jrfagoun's
money is to go into the land. ; He Is an
old man, he says, and In the; natural
course of events he will notf have much
time left to bother about ■ new-fangled
ideas. He has already mafle^hla will,
leaving bis fortune to a nuniber of sons
and daughters.
The O'Hare cart has been discarded
and the more fashionable jaunting car
has taken its place. The neighbors have
dropped familiarities, and "Old Joe"
that was is now "Mr. O'Hare." The
daughters wear the latest fashions in
dress and millinery.
ELECTED TO OFFICE
ALTHOUGH ' IX TRISOX
Boston Returns an Alderman Who Is
at Present Serving Sen
tence in Jail.
BO.STON*. Dec. 14.— Although the
municipal election yesterday resulted
in a sweeping victory for the Demo
cratic party, ihe Republicans gained
two members of the Board of Alder
men and two members in the Common
Council. The city, as usual, declared
for license by a large majority.
The on!y contest whereby a party
vote could be tested was in the bal
loting for Street Commissioner. Salem
D. Charles, the present Commissioner,
way returned to office by the Demo
crats, defeating Guy W. Emerson. hi3
Republican opponent, by a vote of 4 2,
€90 to 19,861. Xo Mayor was ejected
this year. ;
Alderman J. H. Curley, who is serv
ing a two months' sentence in Jail,
was re-elected. Curley was convicted
of Impersonating another man at a
civil service examination.
The next Common Council will con
sist of twenty-six Republicans and
forty-nine Democrats. ■ - - -
FORMER MAYOR AMES
. GIVEN HIS, FREEDOM
Accused Official of Minneapolis Dls
charced After a Lonjc Series'
of Trials.
MINNEAPOLIS, Dec. 14. Dr. A. A.
Ames, former Mayor of Minneapolis!
is now a free man. Judge Elliott of
the District bench to-day granted the
motion of Special County Attorney
Kerr that all indictments for bribery
and corruption against the much
tried Mayor be dismissed.
!=AN JOSE. Dec. 14— At th* meeting of thm
manors of thf Agwrt State Ho.pjt»« for In!
wne thtc morning MMleal Superintendent
Stocklnr rnwrtrd that there are at preseit 628
men and 407 women patient*.
SCOTT'S EMULSION*.
HE MEANS SCOTT'S
Your doctor says you most
take cod liver oH. Probably he
means Scott's Emulsion be-
cause you cannot take the
clear oil; no one can take the
clear oil who needs cod liver
oiL The doctor understands
that and doubtless means
Scott's Emulsion of cod firer
oil which everylxxly can take
because it is emulsified and
prepared so that it can be
very easily digested by the
most sensitive stomach. Most
everybodv likes it
SCO IT * fiO*mj, «°, ,|i isji tn-<. Mm X-A.
LONDON GOSSIP
OF THE AUTHORS
"Pigs in Clover" Written
as Result of Accident
to Mrs. Frankau's Husband
ROSEBERY'S BOOK INDEX
Former Premier Suggests
an Open Season for
the Persistent Borrowers
Special Dispatch to The Call
LONDON, Dec 14.— Arthur Ffankau's
recent death recalls the fact that it
was largely through an accident which
befell him several years ago that his
wife, Mrs. Julia Frankau. came to em
bark in authorship. Mrs. Frankau,
who signs herself "Frank Danby," is,
of course, the author of -'Pigs in Clov
er," the rather daring novel which
made such a stir on both sides of the
Atlantic, somewhat more than a year
ago, and the new romance "Baccarat,"
which has just been published here and
In the United States.
In his early married life Frankau,
who was a cigar manufacturer, did a
good deal of horseback riding and one
day he was thrown and injured one
leg so badly that he was confined to his
bed for many weeks. , Mrs. Frankau
was at his bedside almost constantly,
and it was not long before the idea
struck her of distracting her mind
during these vigils by trying to write
a book. She had had the strongest
possible encouragement to make such
an experiment — from no less a person
than George Moore, whom her husband
had introduced to her. It happened at
one time that the author of "Esther
Waters" needed, for d, novel he was
writing, a letter written by a woman
under certain circumstances, and being
struck by Mrs. Frankau's strong per
sonality, Moore asked her if she would
write such a letter for him. She did
bo and Moore was so impressed with
the result that he strongly advised Her
to write a novel.
Following the advice beside her hus
band's bedside, Mrs. Frankau found
that ideas came and put themselves
Into words In a truly marvelous fash
ion. One evening she read'to her hus
band what she had composed thus far,
and he was so surprised and Interested
that thereafter she read every even
ing what she had written during the
day and when the book, which was
called "Dr. Phillips," was finished, both
authoress and critic believed there was
rather more than "something" in it.
The novtl was published, and, though
it made no great stir. Mrs. Frankau
was encouraged to try again. Later shu
w rote "A Babe in Bohemia" and "The
Copper Crash," but it was not until
after the publication of "Pigs iu
Clover" that she tasted the sweets of
complete success.
jMrs. Frankau Is a sister of "Owen
Hall," the librettist, and of Mrs. Aria,
perhaps the ablest woman editor in
this country.
ECCENTRIC FITZGERALD.
Oay irresponsibility is not a quality !
which lovers of "Omar Khayyam" have j
associated with its best translator, Ed- {
ward Fitzgerald, but he must have had j
a large streak of it, judging from" the }
stories '-which his old friend, Sir Cuth-'f
bert Quilter. told at a dinner the other I
evening. Sir Cuthbert declared that j
he had begun his yachting career with !
a urelve-ton schponer purchased ; Of ?
Fitzgerald. The poet named this-craftj
"The Emetic." and provisioned herJ
originally with apples, herrings and a]
tottle of gin. Sir Cuthbert added that i
it was told of Fitzgerald that one day j
he was on board the "Emetic" with his
upual tall hat and frock coat reading '
the Times, when the boat gave a lurch ]
and the translator of "Omar" went to :
the bottom. It was a most remarkable j
fact— and not a bit of Eastern imag- |
ination— that when Fitzgerald came up j
again he had his pipe in his mouth, his ;
tall hat upon his head and the Times
in his hand. It' was further stated that i
when he got back on board his little !
craft he calmly finished reading th<i !
article that was previously engaging |
his attention.
There are few more enthusiastic
bookmen in Great Britain than Lord
Rosebery, and the Earl was at his
happiest the other day when he open
ed the new Carnegie library at West
Calder. Among other things he -made
a witty reference to the "index which
existed In the Roman Catholic church—
a list of books which, in the opinion
of the church, it was not well for peo
ple to read," and then said that he
wanted several indexes. He did not
want one for objectionable books, for
so great was the force of human curi
osity that he was afraid those were the
first books that a great many ill-con
fctituted minds would seek.
He wanted, in the first place, an In
dex free from all private influence of
authors and publishers, to tell tht?ru
what were the books they ought to
read and the books they ought- to buy,
which were not by any means tb_e same
thing. The amateur adviser as to what
and what not to read he had found an
intolerable person. Such advice had
broken up many friendships. The- man
who was recommended to read a novel
and after getting a hundred pages into
it found it impossible to go on, and yet
after having read so much found it un
profitable to lay it down, swore an eter
nal enmity against the man who recom
mended to him that book.
BORROWERS OF BOOKS.
No limitation of means could in these
days excuse anybody from not buying
books, but he distinguished between
books to be read and books to be
bought. They read in order to see
whether the book was worth buying.
He found two further classes of books—
the books that they borrowed from
friends and returned, and the books
they borrowed and did not return. The
non-returning of books had ended more
friendships and terminated more affec
tions than any -other cause of which
he was cognizant. The man who bor
rowed one volume from a set and never
returned it was a man who should be
treated like vermin, trapped or shot at
Bight, or any other of the 'punishments
which might be extended to this least
and vileat of mankind.
His ideal index would be that which
told them the best book to read on any
subject that they might ask for, but his
fear was that they would get nobody to
frame any such index, because his life
would not be safe. Authors and pub
lishers who do not find their names and
their books on the list would seek his
life, and be might have to sit, like the
newspaper editor in the Western States
of America,, with a couple of revolvers
in his drawer ready to shoot at sight
the first complaining person that should
appear.
Iowa Bank .Assigns.
CEDAR RAPIDS. Iowa, Dec. 14.—
The Bank* of Olin, owned by E. B.
Snyder, made an assignment to-day.
The liabilities are {165,000 and the
assets $171,000. HBtHi
SACRAMENTO. D*c. 14.— Governor Farde*
this afternoon Issued a formal proclamation
dflarlng the constitutional amendment pro
viding for the 82.00O.O00 bend lesue for the sea
wall adopted. This vu done to expedite the
aale of bonds.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1904
SENATE TO TRY
JUDGE SWAYNE
Notice of the Impeachment
Received From Cdmmitte<5
Sent by the Lower House
PREPARING FOR CASE
Philippine Bill Again Is
Opposed as It Stands by
Culberson and Newlands
WASHINGTON, Dec. 14.— The Sen
ate, which binder the constitution is
made the trial court In impeachment
cases, to-day received official notice
of. the determination of the House of
Representatives to present impeach
ment charges again Charles Swayne,
Judge in the northern district of Flori
da. The matter; was brought to the
Senate's attentionrby a House commit
tee and.rthe Senate appointed a com
mittee c6hsisting of Platt ot Connecti
cut, Clark' of Wyoming, Fairbanks,
Bacon and Pettus to prepare the details
of the proposed •: trial. ..: : ■
The Senate considered the Philippine
bill and the pure food bill. Foraker
presented a; tariff amendment to the
Philippine -j)ill,' put , on'fcomplalnt of
Dubois and oth^r - Senators that this
provision Had not been contemplated
when the Senate fentered into an agree T
ment to vote on^Xhe bill jriext Friday,
it was withdrawn/\ v
McCumb'er engaged In a, controversy
with AldHch and .Spooner. relative to
the pos3ibfe ; ;iack-bf. ] prptpction'of im
porters of adulterated . foreign . goods
against. pros^cutiQn sunder the provi
sions of the bilL. ' f. ■*•-'■
Culberscn of;J;Texa*s gave notice that
he would offer several^ amendments -to
the Philippine ' bfll, among them /one
striking out tf^e 'entire section guar
anteeing interest on tne '.bonds of* the
proposed system of. railroads. He did
not doubt, he said, that' railroads were
essential to. the development of the
islands and that 'their., construction
would improve the military situation
there as well 'as'tenc! to The establish
ment of an orderly and stable govern
ment, but he contended that the rate
of 5 per cent proposed ; to be allowed
was not only excessive'" but an unnec
essary burden on a people already im
poverished by war. ' • ' •
Newlands said that under the terms
of the bill the Philippine Government
had no indemnity for interest paid on
the proposed Government bonds. He
believed the Government would have
to pay them, and thought that the
United States could reduce the interest
from 5 to 2 per cent by guaranteeing
the bonds, inasmuch as this Govern
ment was morally responsible . in any
event,- and he believed it- should stand
good for • them from the beginning. •
The following bills were -passed: Au
thorizing the erection of additional
buildinps at the new Dungeness light
house in the State ; of Washington;
making additional appropriation for
the Battery Point post light, Washing
ten: establishing a fog signal at the
entrance to the harbor at Humboldt
Bay, California; appropriating $25,000
for the improvement of Mount Rainier
National Park.' ...
The Senate also passed the bill In
rcrirpbrailng 1 the American Red Cross, "r
AVTLIi • PRESENT CHARGES.
House Committee to Frame Accusa-
' ' .'■ tlori Airalnst-Swnyne. '■
WASHINGTON, - Dec. 14.— Further
action on the impeachment proceedings
against Judge Charles Swayne of the
Northern District of Florida was taken
in the House to-day by the appoint
ment of a committee of seven, prpvided
for by a resolution adopted yesterday
to draft the charges for presentation to
the Senate, and by the reception of the
report of the committee of .five to no
tify the Senate, of". the impeachment.
The latter body .announced that It had
performed itfs duty and that the Senate
had responded that "order shall be
taken."
The urgent deficiency bill and several
other measures of a public nature were
passed. J
Immediately after the, House met to
day Speaker Cannon announced as the
committee of seven to prepare the
charges against Judge Charles Swayne
the following: Halmer of Pennsylva
nia, Gillett of California, Parker of
New Jersey, Littlefleld of Maine, Pow
ers of Massachusetts, Clayton of Ala
bama and Dearmond of Missouri.
Baker scored the Republican party
for not accomplishing more against the
trusts. ■*r> ' ' - - ;
ANOTHER CARRIER MAY GO.
Inquiry Into Acts of. Secretary of Ru
• - ral Association. ; .
WASHINGTON. Dec. 14. — Orders
were issued to-day for an investiga
tion of the case of Secretary lumber
of the Rural- Carriers' Association,
whose name was signed on the circu
lar, letter sent to candidates for Con
gress asking their position on legis
lation affecting* the ■ carriers: A .post
office'inspector will , be immediately
assigned to Jook into his actions on
these matters. Tumber Is employed
as rural carrier at Lockport, N. Y.,
and a large number of letters are al
leged to have been sent out by him
in contravention of the executive or
der of President Roosevelt.-
The postal officials are determined
to break up. the lobbying,, which, they
assert, has been going on here in con
nection with proposed measures af
fecting the interests of postal em
ployes. : :- ; v.v
WANTS SLICE OF ARIZONA.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 14.— Senator
Kearris to-day introduced a bill pro
viding for the annexation to Utah of
all that portion of Arizona lying north
of the Colorado River.' . The portion
of Arizona affected is ', about 800
square miles in area. It is north of
the Grand Canyon and. on that ac
count inaccessible, to the authorities
of , Arlxona. It is said it; now forms
a haven for criminals and -the purpose
of the measure. is to give Utah crim
inal jurisdiction over the tract.' '
TO ADVERTISERS.
Owino; - to the, • large
amount . of work incident to
the issue of THE CALL
HOLID AY EDITION,
SUNDAY, DEC. i&V NO
D I S P LAY ADVERTIS-
ING copy will be^ accepted
for. tHat edition after 6
P. M. Saturday, and f NO
CLASSIFIED Ads after o
p:m:v ..-.:. ../ . ■\. ; : .
GET YOUR COPY IN
4 - EARLY..
OATHS TAKEN
BY MORMONS
Promise Made to Ask That
Blood of Joseph Smith Be
Areriged Upon the Nation
CANNON-HAMLIN UNION
Apostle Confessed on Death
Bed That He Had Married
Woman on the High Seas
WASHINGTON, Dec. 14.— Testimony
relating to the alleged polygamous
marriage of the late Apostle Abram
Cannon and Lillian Hamlin, and con
cerning the obligations taken by per
sons who passed through the Mormon
Endowment House was offered to-day
in the investigation of the protests
against Senator Reed Smoot before the
Senate Committee on Privileges and
P^lectioris.
Mrs. Fred Ellis of Salt Lake' City, a
daughter of Angus Cannon, who maiy
ned her cousin. Abram Cannon, when
she was 19 years of age, testified that
she was Abram Cannon's first plural
wife, and that her husband married
Lillian Hamlin on June 18, 1896. He
was at that 'time one of the 'twelve
apostles. Cannon, according to the wit
ness, then had three wives, and he told
her he intended to marry Lillian Ham
lin. He told her that Miss Hamlin had
been engaged to his brother David, who
had died, and she therefore wanted to
marry Abram. Mrs. Ellis detailed a
conversation she had with her husband,
In which ehe told him she did not think
he could marry Lillian Hamlin. Can
non said he could marry outside the
State— that he would marry her for
time and she would be David's wife for
eternity.
"I told him that if he did marry Lil
lian," said the witness, "I could not live
with him- when the church or the law
would not recognize his marriage*"
Mrs. Ellis told of the departure of
Cannon and Miss Hamlin, accompanied
by President Smith, who is said to have
performed the marriage ceremony on
the high seasV and of their return. They
returned about July 6, 1S96. Cannon
was ill and died about three weeks
later.
"He confessed on his deathbed that
he had married Miss Hamlin," said
Mrs.' Ellis, "and he said: 'I have never
had a well day since.' I think it killed
him," the witness added, sobbingly. ,
James H. Wallis , Sr., who divulged
the Endowment House oaths, was're
called. This oath, he now said, con
tains nothing concerning vengeance
upon "inhabitants of the earth," but Is
a pledge' to avenge the blood of the
slain prophets upon "the nations of the
earth."
August Lundstrum of Salt Lake City
was sworn. He testified that he went
through the temples in Salt Lake and
Logan. He had heard the
obligations taken six times, he said,
each ceremony consuming from six to
eight hours, according to the size of
the crowd. He said baths of sacrifice
and of 'retribution were administered.
' The "whole proceeding was a series of
obligations, said the witness," but •' he
could not remember iaU^of them:. The
first in order, he said; was the law of
sacrifice, which bound each person 'to
give his entire means and' talents to
the upbuilding of : the. Mormon church.
The next obligation,- was 1 that of retri
bution, in which each person promised
to "ask God to avenge the blood of Jo
seph Smith upon this nation" and to
teach "our children and our children's
children to do the same to the end of
the earth." .
The next obligation was that of chas
tity.
Army Orders.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 14. — Under
orders of the War Department Cor
poral Dennis J. Bowe of the signal
corps of Benicia Barracks will be sent
to Lee's ranch. Utah. First Class Pri
vate Fred Schneider, of the signal
corps, will be sent to Benicia Bar
racks. First Lieutenant William F.
Banta, assistant surgeon at. Fort
Sam Houston. Tex., is ordered to San
Francisco for assignment to duty as
surgeon on the United States army
transport Sheridan during the next
voyage to the Philippines, reliving
First Lieutenant Matthew A. Delaney
of that. duty. . Upon arirval at Ma
nila Lieutenant Banta will report to
the commanding general for duty.
Lieutenant Delaney will repair to this
city and report .for duty as ■ assistant
to the. attending surgeon in. this city.
By direction of the President Ser
geant Major . Charles F. Davis of the
Tenth Infantry,: upon his own appli
cation, will be placed upon the retired
list to take effect upon the receipt of
this order at the post where he may
be serving. He will repair to his
home. . •-, '■'..;
New California Postmasters.
WASHINGTON; Dec. 14.— The
President has nominated Josiah R.
Baker for postmaster at'Antioch, and
George Stevens postmaster at Benicia
Barracks. Victor 'J.Repetto has been
commissioned postmaster at Big Oak
Flat; Guy M. Haskell at Snelling, and
William G. W. Smith at Altadena,
Los Angeles County, Cal.
Tammany at the Inauguration.
WASHINGTON, Dec, 14.— The In
augural committee to-day received a
request from a, committee of the
Tammany organization of New York,
asking to be given a good position in
the inaugural parade. ' It is believed
several hundred Tammanyites will at
tend.
Treaty Signed With Italy.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 14i— A treaty
of arbitration between Italy and .the
United States was signed to-day at the
State Department by Baron Mayor des
Planches, the Italian Ambassador, ana
Secretary Hay. .. ;" .
SAN FRANCISCAN HONORED
BY FELLOW . RAILWAYMEN
Jay W. Adams Mode President of
Traveling Agents of the \ : ;
United States.
MEXICO CITY, ' Dec 14.— At a meet
ing of the American Association of
Traveling Passengrer Agents held here
Tuesday, Portland, Oregon, was unan
imously chosen as the place of th»
next 1 meeting. The time is to be fixed
by the executive committee. . ..
The officers for the ensuing- year*
are: Jay ;W. Adams of San Francisco,
president; C. E.- Benjamin of . St.
Louis, ■ vice president," and L. W. r Land
man of ; Toledo,- secretary "and - treasur
er. After sightseeing the members will
Btart for the United States on Satur
day night. . ' ":
SEATTLE.". Wash., Dec. 14. — While In north
ern waters on the la«t voyage "the. steamer
EHrigo went on the beach at Bellabella. Good
weather favored ' the veisel < and ■ ftie ' was ; not
•eriouBly damaged. , The .- Dlrigo goes on : th»
Cry dock to-day • for ' an ' ineptcUon.
VOTES THROWN
OUT BY COURT
Action of Denver Tribunal
May Give Republicans the
Control of Legislature
RESULT OF BIG FRAUDS
Precedent Established by
Which Thousands of the
Ballots May Not Figure
DENVER, Dec. 14.— By deciding to
day to throw out. the, vote of .Precinct
Seven, Ward Eight, of ,this city, In con
sequence of frauds committed, there at
the late election, the Supreme Court es
tablished a precedent that may be ap
plied to. many other precincts in which,
it Is alleged, the court's Injunction or
der was violated, . and thereby vitally
affect tho results of the election. Should
similar action be taken in other cases
to the extent demanded by the Repub
licans' lawyers, it will result in the
election of the entire Republican legis
lative ticket in this county and give
the Republicans . control " of .both
branches of the Legislature. On the
fate of the returns, the Republicans
have a majority in the House and the
Democrats a majority in the Senate. .
Another result of the exclusion of a
few precincts would be to put the Re
publicans In possession of all the city
and county offices except the Mayor
alty, should the Supreme Court decide
that the spring election was not legal
and that these offices were 'to be filled
at the November election. The Demo
cratic majorities ran from 700 to 2000.
Shoula the entire vote of eight city
wards over which the Supreme Court
assumed jurisdiction be disregarded,
Alva Adams, the Democratic candidate
for Governor, would lose 18,845 votes
and Governor James H. Peabody 8541, a
net loss of 10,304 for Adams, but this
alone would not result in his defeat, as
his majority In the State is something
over 11,000.
In announcing the decision to exclude
the returns of Precinct Eight, Ward
Seven, Chief Justice Gabbert said:
"Frauds cannot be fully prevented un
less the court assuming jurisdiction to
prevent' them has the power to undo
them in all cases where they are com
mitted in violation of 'its orders. A
court of equity has the inherent power
to effectuate its' orders, and the motion
will, therefore, be sustained."
It is announced that 120 more war
rants have been issued by the Supreme
Court c-n application of the Republicans
for the arrest of persons alleged to
have been implicated in the election
frauds.
PUEBLO, Colo., Dec. 14.— An indict
ment in four counts was returned by
the special Grand Jury investigating
election frauds in this city to-day
against County Commissioner A. H.
Smith for distributing liquor at the
pc-lls. He was arrested, but was re
leased on bonds of $500 in each case. .
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo., Dec. 14.—
In contest papers filed to-day by Ben
jamin J.. Coleman, Democratic candi
date for County Judge, charges of
bribery, fraud, intimidation and pre
meditated assassinations' to carry the
electipn. in.. Teller .County . are made
against the Citizens' Alliance, the Mine
Owners' Association arid the Republi
can, organization. ' - . ■:,;.■<
SENT TO JAIL FOR FRAUD
/.: < "., PRACTICED- ON A BANK
Charles Sernler, Captured in This City,
Sentenced to Eighteen Months'
Imprisonment in Ohio.
AKRON, Ohio, Dec. 14. — Charles A.
Stmler was sentenced here to-day to
serve eighteen months in the peni
tentiary for having obtained $5000
from the Second National Bank two
years ago under false pretenses. Sem
ler was captrred in San Francisco last
summer. He went to South America
and then to California after his dis
appearance from Akron. . He was a
prominent broker here.
Enjoined From Striking.
NEW YORK, Dec. 14.— All the
Bricklayers' unions of New York City
were enjoined from striking on a
building at Madison' avenue' and
Ninety-seventh street by order of Jus
tice Scott of the Supreme Court to
day.
_ REGAL SHOES. . '['
1/ Illl '"pHE ordinary $3.50 shoe y
i Ilia -*• is very often nothing but f
I flr^SN bait used b Y acl^ aler to catch \
/ lIsPl customers for his high-priced /
/I fflilli4 stoc k- Y° u are invited in to /
II *°°k at $3.50 shoes and then [
1/ >®^^Bim greets with "Here is some- I
1/ M^^^^ thinS better at P' 00 or $ 6 -°°-" \
f MB^^P^ When you go into a Regal store )
I fl^JsBilifiKy to see Our $ 3> *>0 shoe, you are in- |A
jl M4^^^Uti vited to see the very best shoes V
■ I M^^HIi t\\Bt can be made. They are not (>
Ml ivKBBlffiHoLl. the " 8econ( *^' °* a $6.00 shoe fac-
[1 1 K^^^^^slu, tor y> ut the master product of a
11 1 actor y whose work equals that of
ill Wvliiiiifc^Ili t^ ie $ 6 - 00 concern in every
III detail of shoe excellence.
if WssliiMlH^ Not cven tne custom
ra jaH^j^53il|k maker can give you a shoe
II mJ^^^Sml^y supcrior ' m wav to
I jffmt Mmm Th e "Raleigh"
II' W«^''^ill«B8K Fr<«n solo to' top, the finest Im-
Al tPM^^S^TO^SI Ported En&mel Leather. Lined
j » • " %^^^P^i^^^^ffi= throughout with light calfskin.
Au-ym LaSt Vety E^ceful and especially
WnmMk T^SB^V^a Wr effective at arch, instep and toe,
P'il H{1 wffifflfl^JPg-f row « A very striking London cus-
Ptt 11 i|^Bap torn stylo insuring the coveted ap-
\Wj&JjU ISi' pearance of slenderness without in
Vi any way sacrificing: comfort. Made In
VL ' - quarter sixes, insuring perfect fit.
fa Send for Style BooK. Hail Orders Promptly Filled.
• E» 8ol(i dlrtct &oxa tannery to oonsomer. The largest retail shoe trustees* la,
ER tho world. SO stores In principal cities from I<oadoa to Ban Vranelaoar
mem's stobes > SAN FRANCISCO wokeh's stokes
Cor. Geary and Stockton St«. 0Al1 rn * nu J i V u Cor. Geary aad BtocktraSta
34-52 Ellii St. OAXXtAND BTORE, 1010 BBOASWAT 34-63 1 EUi« «.
BULLETS FLY
ON BATTLESHIP
Xegro Seaman- Wounds Two
of the Crew of the Illinois,
but Fails to Make Escape
HIS ANGER AROUSED
Fires on Man Who Tantalized
S Him and Seriously Injures
a Sailor TVTio Interfered
NEW YORK. Dec. 14.— A double fa
tality on board the United^ States bat
tleship Illinois in the New York navy
yard was narrowly averted to-day,
when George Washington. a negro
seaman, shot and wounded two others
of the Illinois' crew. Henry More, an
apprentice, received a .bullet in i the
afni. and Seaman Shap ** o *****J h *
back. Snap was seriously wounded.
More and the negro occupied ad
joining hammocks. Washington is stia
to have been inoffensive un*" M °" a
tantalizing got the better of his tem
per to-day, and he shot More In the
arm. Shap interfered and was shot
in the back. ;,' , „_-
Pursued by a crowd of sailors and
with his revolver in his h and -' W "£'
ington fled to the deck down the ean»
plank and tried to enter the ferry to
reach the mainland. On- the way. it is
said. Washington fired several shots
at his pursuers, but they never halted.
A coporal stopped him at the ferry,
whereupon Washington Jumped into the
icy water and tried to swim ashore.
The sailors promptly followed and a
struggle ensued between the swimmers
The negro finally yielded to force or
numbers and was made a prisoner.
SPALDIXG CONSECRATED
BISHOP OF SAI/T LAKE
Ceremony Takes Place in Same Cfcrurch
Where His Father Was In
vested With Office.
ERIE, Pa., Dec. 14. — Rev. Franklin
Spencer Spalding, who has been rector
of St. Paul's Episcopal Church of this
city for the past nine years, was con
secrated Bishop of Salt Lake to-day.
The impressive ceremonies took place
in the church where. he has officiated
for the past nine years, the consecra
tor bei^.g Bishop Tuttle of Missouri,
who was assisted by the co-consecra
tors, Bishop Whitehead of Pittsburg
and Bishop Scarborough of New Jer
sey. The consecration sermon was de
livered by Bishop Vincent.
Bishop Spalding's father, now de
ceased, was consecrated Bishop of
Colorado in the same churcn as the
son almost thirty-one years ago. /
DRIFT OX WRECKAGE
AT MERCY' OF THE SEA
Captain, His Wife and Crew Rescued
After Floating on- Deckhouse
for Fifteen Hours.
BOSTON, Dec, 14. — News of the 1093
of the bark Emita, bound from Fer
ttandina, Fla., to Fall River, Mass.,
with lumber, and of the rescue of her
captain, his wife and the crew of seven
men after .they bad. bsen fqr, fifteen
hcurs at ; the mercy of the sea- on the
vessel's deckhouse, . was brought here
to-day by the Clyde line steamship
New York. The Emita struck on. Dia-.
mond Shoal, off Hatteras, last Sun
day. Those on board having no time
to lower boats, succeeded in floating
away on the deckhouse. . : *""
President Refuses Clemency.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 14. — The Pres
ident has denied executive clemency
to Mrs. Philip Dodge, from whom the
Government seized a pearl necklace
several • years ago. The sale or the
necklace by the. Government, which
was postponed in order that Mrs.
Dodge's attorneys might present the
matter to the President, will now pro
ceed. The necklace has been valued
at $39,000.
Robbers Blow Open Bank Safe.
ST. CLOUD, Minn., Dec. 14. — Rob
bers blew open the safe in the Bank
of Rice, at Rice station, fifteen miles
north of here, to-day and secured
$2000 In jcash and $15,000 in negoti
able paper. The robbers escaped.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Wilson & Co.
....Furnishers to Men.~.
Just the
Presents
"HE" would appreciate can be
found in our magnificent stock of
jy Fancy Shirts
m) Dress Shirts
\<0 Neck Dress
?^jjT Hosiery
jSnjT Underwear
Gloves
j[ri£\ Pajamas
yiyj Nightshirts
yJsi Sweaters
htiC Umbrellas
Handkerchiefs
Suspenders
(yjj* Suit Cases, Etc.
Our PRICES are much
the most reasonable in the
city when quality is con*
sidered.
Open Evenings Until Xmas.
9O8-910 MARKET STREET
Between Stockton and Powell • .
i ros gifts rsr ttstb
y Diamonds — Watches
1 MOJTDAT. DEC- 0t2u ;
C 4* Special sale of sterling til- n
/ ver and gold-filled adjustable
/ bracelet Watches, fully Kuar- i -
1. anteed; regular price $io , \
$ and $12; sale <£ff
\ price •••— T _^* J#vlU
5 pOY'S31^KJARNYST.
j 'JnQ Perfect FltUo 4 fif '
Tu> Eyeglasses cf
It i\ Moderate Cost ; (\
V 642
UNITED STATES BRANCH
STATEMENT
OP THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF TUB
THURINGU
INSURANCE COMPANY
Or ERPT7RT. IX GERMAXT. OH TRB
31st day of DTOember. A. D. 1908 and for
th« year ending on that day. as made to th*
Insurance Ccmmissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of «ectlon»
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by tb* Commissioner:
ASSETS.
C&sh Market Value ot all Stocks '
and Bonds owned by Company.. 1494,770 83
Ouh tn Company's Office •!« 7*
Cash In Banks 178LT8S 14
Interest due end accrued on all
Stocks and Loans . 243 63
Premiums tn due Course of Col-
lection ...... Stt.4«O04
Total Assets .91.273.439 33
V^. LIABILITIES. ■ =
Losses . In process ot Adjustment ....
or In suspense $55*S72 CO
Losses resisted. Including expense* 1S.M1 •«
Gross Premium* on Fire Risks
running one year or less, IS32,-
S61 88: relnrurance SO per cent.. 426.430 99
Orcss Premiums on Fire Risks - ■•
running more than one year.
1613, 4M 47; reinsurance pro ra.t* tSl.lie TS
All otherUabUlUee ;. Tieei M
Total Liabilities $3C5.fU3 JT
; ,- • ■ ! ". - i ': INCOME.
Ket cash actually recetTed for Fir* . ."-'- '
Premlnras *. fl.182.g88 00
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, t^ii and
from all other sources S7 627 99
Received from home office • 8,012 1*3
Total Income $1,203,327 23
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount oeUd* for Fire Losses
(Including $11,320 IM. losses of
previous years) isjr 0«3 It
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage •]■<<» — »
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for of fleers, clerks, etc. 65 279 15
Paid for State. National and Local
Taxes 24 74
All other Payments and expendl-
tur * s 46.322 m
Total Expenditures .....$l.ll».4S0 53
Losses. Incurred daring the year. .$670,537 IS
Risks & Premlnms | Fire Risks. I Premiums
Net amount Risks ~
written during the
NeTamo^ni: Ruis $m ' 4 "- KS <* »••»«• «
expired during the
*** T 121,247.344 20 1.425.SM29
Ket amount tn
fore* Dec. 81. 1903 IPS, 060. 437 S3 1.4efi,33g 45
• . p - <*• VOS3. United States Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 224
day of January, 1904.
• EDWIN T. .COREY.
Commissioner for California la New Tort. ■
PACIFIC COAST AGEXCT:
YOSS, CONRAD & CO.
208 Sansoaa St., San Francisco, Cal.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEABJiT ST. £stabllshe4
lit 1*54 for the treatment *f rrlvmt*
Diseases. Lost Mannood. Debility or
"li-o-ns- Tvearlngon body ami mind and
skin DtsfAMs. The Doctorcureswhen
others fail. Try htm. Charges lew.
Cimnsrastfta. CaliorwdMt
»*w J. v. « 1 bbox. 8w J*aadaesj» c*LLEGAL BATTLE
FOR AN OFFICE
Decision of Supreme Court
Does Not Settle Contest
Over County Itecordership
APPEAL WILL BE TAKEN
Incumbent Refuses to Sur
render Place to Man Judi
cially Declared Elected
Special Dicsaieh ta The C«Jl
SAN JOSE. Dec 14.— C. R. Williams,
who was recently declared by the Su
preme Court to be the duly elected Re
corder of Santa Clara County, made a
demand to-day on County Recorder
Treanor for the office. Treanor was
given a certificate of election by the
Board of Supervisors, but William* be
gan a contest and received a favorable
decision in all the courts. The remit
litur from the Supreme Court arrived
Tuesday, and at noon to-day Williams
and his attorney went to the Hail of
Records and made demand on Treanor
for the surrender of the office. Treanor
referred Williams to his attorney. A
conference between counsel followed,
and Attorney Campbell, who represents
Treanor. stated an answer would be
piven at 11 o'clock to-morrow morninc
ee to whether Treanor would surrender
the office.
Attorney Campbell began suit in the
Superior Court this afternoon to re
strain Williams from taking the office,
and Judge Tuttle Issued a ternporarr
restraining order. The matter will now
be carried to the United States Supreme
Court. It Is contended that the deci
sion of the State Supreme Court does
not put Williams In office, but only de
clares him to be the duly elected Re
corder. His attorneys claim another
action is necessary to secure possession
cf the effice.
Treanor had a majority of several
hundred, but by throwing out ballots
that were stamped "no nomination"
VTIlliatns was declared elected In the
contest.
3JTCRDERER BUCKLEY'S
TIME IS DRAWING NEAR
Unless Granted Another Reprieve bj
the Governor Be Will Be Hanged
Next Friday.
SAN RAFAEL. Dec 14. — Unless
frranted another reprieve by Governor
Partiee. William Buckley, the murder
er of George W. Rice, a non-union
machinist In San Francisco, will pay
the penalty of his crime on the gal
lows at San Quentln prison next Fri
day morning. Buckley has been re
prieved on four different occasions by
the Governor and bis friends are at
work trying to secure another respite
for him. ;— •;.■■..'
ATTORNEY GENERAIi WEBB
OONSrifTS WITH OFFICIAI/S
Discnsses the Weber Murder Case
With Prosecutor Robinson and
Sheriff Kcena.
AUBURN, Dec -14. — Attorney Gen
eral Webb arrived In Auburn to-day
and was in consultation all afternoon
with District Attorney Robinson. G.
W, Hamilton and Sheriff Keena on the
Weber case.
The defense has had a private de
tective here for a week. He Is from
a San Francisco detective agency and
has been passing as a mining man.
ADVCTTLSE>lEyTS.
THE VALUE OF CHARCOAL.
Few Peo£:e Know How Useful It Is In
Pres*r\1ng Health and Beauty.
Nearly everybody knows that char-
coal Is the safest and most efficient
disinfectant end purlner in nature,
but few realize its valu* when taken
Into the human system for the same
cleansing purpose. r-~# .
Charcoal is a remedy that the more
you take of it the better; It Is not a
drug at all, but simply absorbs the
and Impurities always present
In the stomach and intestines and car-
ries them out of the system.
Charcoal sweetens the breath after
smoking, drinkingr or after eating on-
ions and other odorous vegetables.
Charcoal effectually clears and Im-
proves the complexion; It whitens the
teeth and further acts as a natural
end eminently safe cathartic.
It absorbs the injurious gases which
collect in the Etomach and bowels; It
disinfects the mouth and throat from
the poison of catarrh.
All druggists sell charcoal In one
form or ar.other. but probably the
"best charcoal and the most for the
money is in Etnart'a Charcoal Lozen-
ges; they are composed of the finest
powdered Willow charcoal and other
harmless antiseptics in tablet form,
or rather in the form of larg*. pleas-
ant tasting 3oz»»nges, the charcoal be-
ing mixed with honey.
The daily use of these lozenges will
Boon tell in a much improved condi-
tion of the general health, better com-
plexion, sweeter breath and purer
blood, and the beauty of it is that no
possible harm can result from their
continued use. but. on the • contrary,
great benefit.
A Buffalo physician, in speaking 1 of
the benefits of charcoal, says: "I advise
Stuart's Charcoal Lozenges to all pa-
tients Buffering from gas in stomach
and bowels and to clear the complex-
Ion and purify the breath, mouth and
throat; I also believe the liver is
greatly benefited by the daily use of
them; they cost but 25 cents a box at
drug stores and although in some
fense a patent preparation, yet I be-
lieve I get more and better charcoal
in Stuart's Charcoal Lozenges than In
any of the ordinary charcoal tablets."
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application. .
XjEAXT SOOTS A1TD SZTLIQXTS.
All kinds repaired. Ciiobe £fceet Jlttal Works
• 1176-117S Mission ■:. Phone Main M 81.
ens.
LUBRICATING' OILS: LEONARD & ELLIS.
Prcnt mt.. S. F. Phone Main 1719.
. PKTUTnfG.
GHES, tU Sa^ome 1^ 8. T.
HENEY SECURES
A CONTINUANCE
Special Prosecutor in Land
Fraud Cases Not Ready to
Press Conspiracy Charge
GRAND JURY SUMMONED
New .Matters Will Be Taken
Before Inquisitorial Body
by Government Attorneys
PORTLAND. Or., Dee. 14.— On mo
tion to-day of Special Assistant United
Ftates Attorney General Francis 'J.
Heney. all the land fraud cases now
pending in the United States Circuit
Court for the District of Oregon were
ordered over for the term. The wit
nesses lummoned to appear were ex
cused for the term, and speculation
was rife as to the cause of this unex
pected action on the part of the Gov
ernment.
After the motion for a continuance
was allowed and the order entered
United States District Attorney John
H. Hall asked- the court that the Fed
eral Grand Jury, which was given a
recess early in November, be ordered
to reconvene next Monday.
Attorney Heney- this afternoon fcave
out the following statement of reasons
for a continuance of the land fraud
cases: "It is necessary for me to be in
San Francisco on important private
business on January 3, and to be in
"Washington on the Hyde-Dimond land
fraud case during the second week In
January, and as it appeared that the
conspiracy case, upon the trial of
which we were about to commence,
would consume as much time as the
preceding one, and would thereby pre
vent me from keeping my engage
ments, and as I desired to present some
important matters to the Grand Jury
before leavlrg here, I Fecured_the con
sent of the attorneys for the defend
ants to continue the pending cases for
th* term in consideration of the Gov
ernment's making some slight conces
sions in relation to the defendants'
bonds in the cases which have not yet
been tried.
"For obvious reasons It would not
bt: proper for me to give any Intimation
as to what the matters are wfiich I
expect to present to the Grand Jury."
WITHDRAWN FROM ENTRY.
Authorities at Washington S»K>il the
Plans of Timber Land Squatters.
REDDING, Dec. 14. — Owing to ad
vices received at the Redding Land
Office from Washington, D. C, four
teen townships or 322.560 acres of
land lying mostly in the eastern part
of Siskiyou County, although taking a
strip off the west side of Modoc Coun
ty, have been withdrawn from entry
and set aside as a temporary forest
reserve. On the big strip of land,
which contains 504 square miles, there
have been many timber land squatters
camped for the past few months, wait
ing for plats to be filed on the
township and half of the unplatted
land when they would be fir3t at the
land office with theSr timber land or
homestead applications. .But now
their plans are spoiled.
DIVORCE IS GRANTED
ON GROUND OF CRUELTY
Wife of Thomas D. Livingston, a San
Jose Contractor, Is Successful
in Her Litigation.
SAN JOSE. Dec. 14. — Mrs. Lottie
Livingston has been granted a divorce
from Thomas D. Livingston, a con
tractor, on the ground of extreme
cruelty. Livingston was ordered to
pay his wife $200 for attorneys' fees
and $30 a month alimony within one
week and $30 per month alimony
thereafter. The suit, which was a sen
sational one, was held behind closed
doors.
A short time before Mrs. Livingston
began the suit she attacked the Misses
Belle and Maud Fitzhugh, stenograph
ers employed at the Chamber of Com
merce, on the street and a hair-pulling
match followed. . She accused the
young Iadie3 of trifling with her hus
band's affections.
DESPONDENT MAX EXDS
I TROUBLE WITH REVOLVER
Shipping Clerk Who Had Been in 111
Health Commits Suicide at
Hollistcr. A~V
HOLLISTER, Dec. 14. — Richard
Sailor, shipping clerk for the Alpin
Evaporated Cream Factory at Hollis
| ter, committed suicide this .morning
I bv shooting himself in trie mouth with
I a" pistol. He came here from Kent.
! Wash. He leaves a wife and little
j daughter. His parents live at Buena
! Park, Los Angeles County, to which
j place his remains will be shipped for
• Interment. Despondency on account
1 of ill health was the cause of the sui-
I cide.
Placed on Trial for His Life.
SANTA ROSA. Dec. 14. — The trial
of John Solanl, charged with the mur
der of John Guidotti at Glen Ellen on
October 16 last, began to-day . before
Judge Emmett Seawell. The principal
witness of the day was Lallio Ricci,
•who was shot twice in the head when
Gu5dotti was killed. Solanl alleges
that the killing was done In self-de
fcr.se. The .men had trouble over a
dice game In the forenoon and the
quarrel was renewed on the night of
the tragedy. ,.
Jury in Burglary Case Disagrees.
BAKERSFIELD. Dec 14.— The trial
of M. W. Coronado, a member of , a
prominent family of the Mexican col
ony In this county, on a charge of
burglary, was completed to-day and
! resulted in a disagreement, the Jury
I standing six for conviction and six for
1 acquittal. The attorneys for the de
j fense asked for a continuance of the
case to March next, but Judge Mahon
insisted on an immediate trial and the
case was set for December 23.
Laurier Party Lcates Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. ff— Sir Wil
frid Laurier and wife, with entourage,
left Los Angeles this mornjng for La
Mirada, Orange County, where they
will make a short stay as the guests
of George P. Reeves, formerly general
manager of the Grand Trunk Railway.
From La Mirada they will proceed to
Riverside and thence to the Grand
Canvon of the Colorado.
Mrs. 3Iclissa Maddern Dies.
OAKLAND, Dec ,14.— Mrs. Melissa
O. Jiladdern. widow of the late Henry
Maddern and mother of Mrs. Jack
London,. divorced wife of the author,
is dead at her residence, 1667;Broad
way. Mrs. Maddern was ; 60 years'old.
a native of New York. - She was a rel
ative of Minnie Maddern FIske, * the
actress. EHhSBBSB
THE SAN-FRANCISCO" CALL;' THURSDAY; DECEMBER 15. 1904.
TAKE CHINESE
INTO CUSTODY
Immigration Inspectors Cap
ture Six Asiatics Who Had
Crossed the Mexican Line
UNABLE TO GIVE NAMES
Prisoners Will Be Ordered
. Deported as They Are Not
Legally in This' Country
SAN DIEGO, Dec. 14.— Six more Chi
nese were brought to the County" Jail
this • afternoon accused of being in
the United States unlawfully. They
were captured by United States immi
gration inspectors late Monday night
while they were in the vicinity of Otay.
That the Chinese had traveled far
was evident by their condition. All
were tired out when captured. They are
thought. to belong to a large party of
Chinese which have been making Ense
nada their quarters while waiting for
a favorable opportunity to cross the
line without detection.
None of those captured were able to
give their names. They will ' probably
be arraigned before United States Com
missioner Knoles to-morrow, and as
none of them have certificates they will
probably be ordered deported. With the
arrival of the six to-day there are now
twelve Chinese in the County Jail who
have either been ordered deported or
who are awaiting a hearing.
Dick TiD, another Chinese caught
near the boundary some time ago, has
been ordered deported. He had in his
possession a list of twenty other Chi
nese who started with him for this con
tinent and who had paid a company in
China money to get them into the
United States. A map was found In his
pocket giving directions for the jour
ney from Ensenada to Tia Juana,
thence by a devious route to. this city.
MAKES FIXE COLLECTION i-i
OF PICTURES OF OLD SHIPS
Secretary Scott of the Chamber of
Commerce Exhibits Types of !
Famous Craft. V
Secretary Eben Scott has placed on
the walla of the new assembly-room
of the Chamber of Commerce. In the
Merchants' Exchange building, the
most interesting collection of marine
pictures that has, ever been seen in
this city. This consists of representa
tions of great sailing vessels of four
types and Indicative of four periods
of maritime history when "wind jam
mers" were the monarchs of the seas.
The first of the vessels represented is
the Roscius. one of the old "Baltimore
clippers" that were in use early in
the nineteeth century. This was do
nated to the Chamber of Commerce
by the estate of Oliver Eldrldge.
The second la an old "Black Ball
liner," such as carried the business
of the Atlantic Ocean before the ad
vent of ocean steamships and were
used even after the steamships had
been adopted. This was also given to
the chamber by the Oliver Eldridge
estate. The third ship pictured is the
Flying Cloud, one of thVmost famous
of, the swift craft that brought the
gold seekers to California in the '50*8.
The Flying Cloud had the clipper ship
record between New York and San
Francisco. Once the Flying Cloud
made a run of 13.610 miles in eighty
nine days. Again the trip was com
pleted In eighty-nine • days and nine
teen hours. On one of these trips the
handsome clipper sailed 375 miles in
twenty-four hours. W. C. Gibbs gave
this to the chamber.
The fourth of the interesting series
was given by Captain W. L. Merry,
now United States Minister to Central
American republics. It represents
the "half clipper" Tornado, which had
good speed, but was more particularly
designed to have carrying capacity
and to be stanch. Since the clipper
ship days have departed and the car
rying trade of the world is destined to
be conducted with steam as a motor
the pictures have great historical
value. They are given a favored po
sition where the light falls upon them
and where they will be readily seen
by Californians as they sit in council
in the assembly-room. - "
ASIATIC 3IONROE DOCTIUXE
JAPAX'S LONGING HOPE
Rev. W. 'N. Brewster. Noted Mission
ary, Speaks of Political Condi
tions In Far East.
The probability of an Oriental com
pact which -will create and maintain
an Asiatic Monroe doctrine was one
of .the many interesting things heard
by an audience last night at Grace
Methodist Episcopal Church, Twenty
first and Capp streets, by the Rev W.
N. Brewster of Hing Hua, China. "
The Rev. Mr. Brewster has been
living, in China as a missionary for
fifteen years, and after a year's so
journ in his. native land leaves once
more on Saturday for the Far East to
renew his; work. In giving some as
pects of the political, .industrial and
religious conditions in .the Far East
he said that Japan is endeavoring to
form an alliance lookingto the inde
pendence of the Asiatic powers, gov
erned by a principle similar to the
Monroe doctrine.
■When traveling to the United States
he learned that an Embassador was
then on hl3 way from Persia to Toklo
presumably in: the interest of creating
a better understanding between Persia
and Japan. The. Japanese 'commis
sioner to the 'St. Louis World's Fair
told the r Rev. ! Mr. Brewster that he
had not the slightest hesitation -In
saying that Japan looked toward such
an alliance. . . , . ;
CHIN KIM- YOU'S BOOKS
ARE BARREN OF EVIDENCE
Contain No Proof. That Fund : Was
Raised, for Protect ion of Chi
' • ncse Gamblers, y
All yesterday; afternoon the Board
of Police Commissioners listened to
translations ' of '. the . books taken • from
the gaming resort of Chin Kim\> You
at 8^0" Washington street. Thos«*
charging that a corruption fund was
being collected in Chinatown • had
hoped that^these.. b'ooks would estab
lish their claim, but beyond proving
that gambling was carried -on at; 820
and S20^ Washington street they
established nothing.
" The books' cover, a period of a year,
some eleven months ■ of ' which were
covered by injunction prohibiting the
police from interfering. The books,
however, show, that gaming was car
ried on~; at the- resort ; even -after the
injunction was raised. They.dld not
contain any evidence In^support of the
charge that a- sum was 7 paid out
weekly to any one for protection, let
alone ■ to any specified' persons.- '•' The
case will be taken. up again next Fri
day afternoon. ..-..
'...- judge Cabanlss ■ yesterday ordered
that $666 taken from ithe; r blace of
Chin Kim -You; on', the', night the books
were captured be. returned, .
Q U I ETLY WEDS
IN SAN JOSE
One of the . Hefrs of i Late
Mi llionaire Charles Lux
Wins Garden City Belle
MARRIAj&E KEPT SECRET
Immediately After Ceremony
Happy Couple Leave for
East on > Their Honeymoon
SAN JOSE, Dec. 14.V-Charles Henry
Lux, one of the heirs of the late mil
lionaire Charles . Lux, , was married to
Miss Emma Faulkner by Father Walsh
at St. Joseph's Church on - December
L* The secret of their marriage was
carefully guarded, and it did not leaii
out until to-day. Lux is the son of
the late Henry Lux, a brother of
Charles Lux of the firm of Miller &
Lux. At the death of his uncle. Lux
inherited: a large fortune, and when
his father died a, year ago an estate
was left In trust for him. He is well
known about town. The bride is a sis
ter of his first wife and a sister of
Mrs. J. H. Campbellr wife of District
Attorney Campbell of this city. She
is a very popular young lady and has
a host of friends in this city. Mr. and
Mrs. Lux are now enjoying a honey
moon in the East.
PERSONAL.
Dr. C. E. Markey of Pasadena Is at
the Grand.
T." E. Robinson of Omaha Is at the
California.
B..T. McCullough of Crows Landing
is at the Lick.
Dr. A. W. Hoisholt of Stockton is at
the St. Francis.
Dr. Starr of Eureka arrived at the
Grand yesterday.
Attorney Benjamin A. Hahn of Pasa
dena is at the Palace.
R. B." Spence, a capitalist of Mon
terey, is at the Occidental.
W. H. Dunphy and wife of Paso Ro
bles are guests at the Occidental.
William Pierce, one of Suisun's rich
young ranchers, is at the Palace.
Banker T. J. Field and wife of Mon
terey are registered at j the Palace.
R. A. Wells, general-manager of the
Clark road, is staying at the Palace.
Lewis Russell, a merchant of Port
land, and wife are at the St. Francis. '
A. R. Sprague, a well known lum
berman of Sacramento, is at the'Pal
ace.
Robert I. Fearnon of Wymouth, Eng
land, is among the latest arrivals at
the St. Francis.
' E. A. Wiltsee, a well-known mining
man. arrived from Denver yesterday
and is registered at the St. Francis.
John T. Evans, a Chicago lawyer,
who has been in Southern California on
legal business, arrived at the Palace
last night.
• S. A. Moss of Monepelier, Vt., who is
interested with W. P. Hammon in the
big dredging properties near Oroville,
arrived from the, East last night' and is
at the Palace. } ,w * .
Among the recent arrivals In this city
is A. Cheshire Mitchell, owner of thp
Hotel Agnew 5 and the Grand Atlantic
Hotel of Atlantic N<J. He is visiting
the coast *on. business "in connection
with his enterprises. : -->
Thomas Crouch Jr., son of the late
Captain Crouch, a . well-known mining
man, arrived from Great Falls, Mont.,
yesterday and is registered at the Pal
ace. He has come to California to look
over dredging properties near -Oroville
in which he is interested. ■
Colonel John C. Kirkpatrick, manager
of the Palace; Albert Bettens, manager
of the California, and James Hors
burEh Jr., assistant general passenger
agent of the Southern Pacific Com
pany, left yesterday for Santa Barbara
to attend a meeting of hotel men.
. Manager Agler. Superintendent Jones
of the Sacramento, division ami .J. H.
Wallace,, superintendent of mainten
ance of way of the Southern Pacific
Company, have gone to Nevada, whore
they will Inspect the work of recon
struction along the Carson and Colora
do road and later visit Tonopah with
a view of studying the present con
gested condition of affairs there.
P. R, Lund, who, In addition" to his
duties of chief train agent of l!;e
Southern Pacific Company, has had
charge of the information bureau rf
the company. at 613 Market street, has
relinquished the responsibilities of the
latter position and will heraatter give
his attention to the more Important
dutes of the office of train agent. He
will, however,. continue to have charrgc
of the theatrical traffic business of the
company.* ■■■The direction of the affairs
of the information bureau will liere
p.fter devolve on A.bner Mann, district
passenger agent.
Californians In Washington.
• WASHINGTON*. Dec. 14. — The fol
lowing Californians arrived here to
day:
At the Raleigh — James Jerome of
San Francisco, C. F. Krauss of Santa
Ana. At the New Willard — J. C. Mc-
Call of San Francisco. At the.Riggs
— Edwo Stearns of Oakland.
Calif ornians in New York.
NEW YORK, Dec. 14. — The follow
ing Californians have arrived in' New
York:
From San . Francisco— S. F. Graff,
at the Park "Avenue; G. E. . Hoyt, at
the Astor House; W. . S. Gage, at the
Algonquin; H. .W. Korper, at the
Cadillac; H. C. Waite and wife,' at the
Imperial. / t&tfzCil -'.-
From Los Angeles — J. J. Duffle, at
the Herald Square; G. M. Townsend,
at the Murray Hill. "
Railroad to Change Motor Power.
SAN DIEGO. Dec. 14.— President E.
S. Babcock of the San Diego- and La
Jolla Railroad -announces that the
road will be changed' from a steam to
an electric -line and the service quad
rupled. The necessary material has
been ordered and the work ..will be
commenced within a month or six
woeks. ' a, , ' -
TO ADVERTISERS.
Owing to • < the large
amount of work incident • to
the issue of THE r CALL,
H O VI D AY EDITION-
SUNDAY/ DEC. 18; NO
D IS FLAY AD VERTIS-
ING; copy , will be accepted
■for'^tHat ■edition, after 6
P. M.- Saturday, and NO
CLASSIFIED Ads after 9
P.M; -
GET YOUR COPY IN
'EARLY.
Ebony Ware for Holiday i v . 1 There Will Be
(mI^f^t 5 j5f*^i%i^t*^^ "Something Doing"
There Is such a variety of articles 3H| ijlil R. z5 lit Pra^eTS
made in this popular ware that every JaibuT' ▼* wW^9^ "V /v^ ». . .
taste may be satisfied. fl r . * Thic MornlTiff
Bru«h and Comb Set.— Sterllnr ntlver II. ALWAYS BEUAULE j A HIS ifiUI 11 U1&
Ha"°Br^.tfskriin K °i i ifve t ? SISSS J? MA#X£T& t/QtfFS 37S, and Every. Morning This
ed ...: C5c to 31.85 '-,.:; . U/poI/
Cloth Brushes — Sterling silver mount- '.""'"' ' vvcer*
'■wStakB'tooiii.' .".*.'.'.'.'?!?&? to«oS? Christmas A Lunch in Our from 8:30 until noon; thereafter
aiiiitary Brushes.*. .81 .SO to 87.-.*» Cards, 's f\ j* until closing hour the usual shop-
a^oSnted Set. — Sterling Calendars and • V/fll© P in S inducements will be given.
Combination Sets — Consisting of man- Danes— — rFtfurtb 'Floor.) rr p, •*# it n n
.icure. brush and comb and mirror — (Main Ftoor.) . M a k e s holiday IMS OfO/*© Will n email) Upefi
u Pto". :. . :. .$11.50 in wonderful va- shopping pieas- C"» n ... C UM ..-- ll^til Pk~,~4~«~r>
i.-"' (Engraving Done Free.) . rt»ty..: .. - anter. •■ tVery CVeniPg Until ihriStmaS
Our End of the Season Clearance Occurs E-rlier Than Usual.
Hundreds of Exclusive and Perfectly Fashioned
Garments for Women at Unparalleled Reductions
.'. . - (Second Floor)
' 1 If you have waited until now before purchasing. your winter garments yon will save fully one-half
and in many instances considerably more.- Every one of our garments is new and strictly up-to-date, but in-
stead of* waiting until January, the usual time for clearances in this department, we will give you this early
opportunity. The sale begins this morning. "•
c^kri^^S^ m -^-i^-^v/Os^o fl5JM) Silk' Shlrt'wiilit Snltt. 15J3. S1&50 Xeney CaaU. 88J5.
WQt£#&&4z£^^$&F ;91 **° fZZL^iZP^*? 1 "*" Juit * iA of thls Colors
)TC .<z- — j^ Jl"/u— ' Aluac* Suite. 83.95. are tan ar.d castor
'. ■^^y^^KAi^ J^=^'S^* 823.50 SUfc SMrt Walrt Suit. *tS12J»0. „,«« 1
*23-OO Silk SUlrt Walat Suit, at 814.95. S 13 - 50 Tourtrt Coats. $3.95.
tf¥//!7jH' Vi^Jfaip**/ S17.50 Women'i Salts. 89.95. They are mad» of a Mr.- tan covert
ItSE^T 5 I <*vjB*?T?V Thsy are made of fancy mixtures cloth, and are the popular coat tor
VvJt£=O ■* and cheviots, and the coats are In this season. OasiS
fe> i:»9f»V ■&^^mmi the tourist and ti&ht-fiulngr SIS JO Tourist Cca*a S13.43
MPl^V 'W&i 8tyle ' WUh Plfated and kIUed " klrt3 - MadTofTln^vfrt cloth; 1 rare
/SK$£^ 620.00 Women's Suiti. 813.45. opportunity.
V"MvW$ ilsfinr/^V **&,• They are mad * of t&nc r mixtures Dress and Walila? Skirts
(timbflS$Ii : l\\-%% 1 ?-'?^ C^" Hundreds of fine skirts have been
}ttaJJ?*-£>Jrini'T 'I f • n "?J cMvable style. There ar« lonir. rae- r*drr>H fnr th'a (n i a »„ r-,n-» f i,..
M&/R^'ik\3) and m klfted J&& CM Pl^ A «SS& '^Ou"" p^s^s? f?o»
l^^f ' .Jffi43i "Jlt-'t^ S1 - 73 BUck aatera Petticoats. 95c
■SOf >T-/'/^A " t,,;« Xl^fi m ,nV wL^J' TheRf? Petticoats are made of an
IPl Wfflt&k Th™?-.r. e SS r th2t doubt tK°S2t.it ggrJff "&£&"• fl'SS.S'Vtth^
V* \ V tfPitif* e^erv st>ie is in tnu lot. more than two to each customer.
>^^Q <ZZJ~x$Y*<£ V&£i~%, 4 t30J)0 Women's Snits at S17.45. Purs
•V® l&&r'n ; \ jy^- Among these suits will be found Xo better time to buy your Christ-
AfhJ y^' Vf *9 S*i %""■ any P erson - - ; ■ :. Included our entire stock, so that the
iL /••'■•»■■ «'-«i / $35.00 Suits at S19.75. bargain chances are really wonderful
/*xft / ■"'' !§ *J : -'$\ ''/ These are the most beautiful ana when you think of It.
f^r I J. l§ l jft U ' exclusive styles at this price, but tl.75 CMldrtn** Ana-era Tmx Bet. 98c
% mmmM ' jw?£ e iK.^^ ce w p sy > %i h^SorS •» « ««* •** «* -re
j\n .- fftWi''-: II l : 'tlA /* R rid all sizes, as well as extra sizes
f j ■"£*■$$■ Sf ; -V \ ' «P to 46 bust measure «3JO Cluster Scarfs. S1.75.
v ''^\ * «*0-00 Women's Snlts. S33^0. BlxftaUs* 1 "* mad * ° f brOOk mlnk « wlth
■ L&i'fcJiX' i~- 1 ■ \ These handsome suits come in
JP-o&t '-/I ■"■''■ Kt I A voile, broadcloth, Venetian, cheviots tlOJM rrmlas Ties, S5.95.
'•£?"&5rP\\ 1*1 *' i'"' v\ an<1 mixtures In the prettiest $40.00 . "BTear Seal Coats. 839.73.
tL/j^-Al:} Jai; ' /ft " ;! h\ of styles - . : - •'-; CMldrta's MaeUntoshss.
■r -- ;:; Ji$\\ '^'Wi* j\v->— * 810.00 Women's Ccrsrt Coats. $6.45. Made of navy blue cashmere, with
I .* 'Xj&^J : T&4i)-\&Jr^ They are made of tan covert cloth plaid lining: a deep cape and a velvet
'" "J^lfir ?'Wfr- "-' *sL and are satin lined throughout. collar and tab — S3.25.
v - > ~T^^V.:i.:-;v^ 1 -S1O.OO Kersey Coats. S3.95. Waata 1 ! Mar.Vrntosh— .
'"""■^^^iliiiiii^'^ They come in tan, castor and red Made In the same style as the chil-
colors. . dren's coats — $2.75.
Waists. . 87.50 Silk Petticoats at S4.95. Kisses' and Women's Xriar Coats.
Black Peau de Soie "Waist*, in tailor The colors are black, blue and Made in the tourist style, with a
made effect, that sell at * 7.50; reduced brown. • deep military cape. A velvet military
to S4.95. collar and velvet cuffs. The colors
French Flannel M'alsts. made- of - «»«•■ and Dresstn* Saean.a, are Oxford and black. Reduced from
fancy French flannel; reduced from 69c. 89c and 98c " •! vJT^f* . «rw«-* «.•»
$3 30 to $1.95. . S4.0O Kisses' Skirts. S3.75.
" , _, , . „ ■ Ealn Coats. Made of fancy mixtures, and pleat-
Albatross \\aists in all colors; re- A 8t y llsh RaJn Coat made of elther ed and kilted,
duced from Jw.00 to. $1.95. p i a i n or fancy Craver.ette. cut collar- - Alteratlon« — We guarantee the
Dark colored Winter Waists, made lees and. with pleated back and fancy same careful and painstaking atten-
of beautiful materials; reduced from belt and buckle; reduced from $18.50 tlon to all alterations during this
$1.50 to S3c. to S13.50. . - sale as at any other tlm« of the year.
A Late Season Makes This Sae'Oppcnune.
Fascinating Array of Beautiful Millinery Creations at* Less Than Half
' , (Second Floor)
There are so many individual style hats that it is impossible to give any adequate idea of them in
this limited space. We have taken every hat in stock, including those recently bought from a local wholesale
milliner, and marked the prices far below their real worth. Every hat has a distinctiveness in style that
cannot be found anywhere else for the money. _^ *"£-~ L
While this is virtually the end of the season. Millinery was received
and displayed much later this year than ever before and many ladi»3 are v%^rffe<Bar f 6r&Sz~*^£S&&^ "^* t
only row buying their winter hats. Every woman who participates in this ff Jjjgjllft * 'Q^'^^P^^S^^^
Kreat Clearance event is certain to save money that can be devoted to k^gCregj~^ y -^y^ffil^ ttregfSFfr
You may s^lf>ct any hat you desire, and we will lay it aside for you to N^ j2p"*^£*^
call later. This is a rare chance to make an appropriate and welcome hoi-
iday present at but little cost to yourself. .. - - .- . .
Trimmed Kats and Pattern Tailored Hats — Worth :3. 00. Clear- tf« qj\ «^i^~~^^^^^^^^:-/
Turbans. Misses' Hnts. Velvet Hats. Chenille Hats — Worth from iff pa i^.
$1.50 to SS.OO; every one of them different. Will be sold at \l jM >dJ»L i ~ ni -^^ '
Chenllla Braid — every color except white — a yard f% rf^^af* 5^
a . ......•■.••-... .••.......••.•••••• >■' ' *^wC\ T^^P^ \ ■&
*••.••... . • ...................................................... 'Jy^"-*? tTv \»iV !
Vntrlmmed Pelt Shapes— Nearly all of these are black; wme of /f\ J^^fr'R ? -v*^\ \ >.
them are bound with velvet: among them are rolled sailor hWg j£r V*£>> V
shapes, dress shapes, etc.. at the one low price. '.:. ...'.... y xv w r ~ ' "^ J VJ
Great. Special of. Silk Crepe de Chine Men's Handkerchiefs Combination
(Main Floor) -. (Main Floor) Rftvp* fni» Mow
Vever was there a more welcome material offered. Larte size Initial Hand- **v*Ca ivJi lricli
Crepe de Chine is being worn more this season than ever"^ "kerchiefs for men. . They These boxes contain
before and is exceedingly popular. Our sales have been have a very soft finish. Suspenders. Arm Bands
tremendous successes. To-day we offer a 75c -..+ * <** . and a nice. neat, embroid- and Hose Supporters; all
nualitv silk Crepe de Chine, in colors of navy, /i\Jj#\ ered initial. They are put made to match. They are
brown, tan. pray. pink, cardinal, black, cream i©"?^ up in pretty boxes of six: practical as well as useful
and white: at, a yard . 112~»c each, or. abox.TQc gifts. A box. Sl.go
Holiday Toys for the Little Ones
(Third and Ffith Floors)
Every day Santa Claus makes his rounds in a pretty little airship. He has delighted thousands of children.
If your children haven't already seen him and the wonders of our great Toyland, bring them here at once.
Children's Books. Police Patrol — Our Miniature Police Automobile* — "Red Devil" Automo-
J* -* «v- ♦*» TT,n«.t mm Waffon. carrying four, men to prison; biles — 6 inches long. They are made
_ Kursery StorUs— B> *»»•"?« W" special 75c of Iron and prettily painted. On the
ular authors— these books are Instrue- Expres. Waffon— Made of iron— It seat of these Automobiles there is a
tive reading as well as a m "s' n f7T has a horse and a driver; special.8r>c lady and a man. Regular price 75c;
prices; : -SoC to Bl.WU Iroa Boats— Painted in various col- special r^c
The "Palry IiiDrary— Including An- orj^-from .2."ic to 81.(M> tocomotlve and T«nd«r— Painted
dersen's Fairy Tales. Arabian Mghts. . iron Stoves — That will burn wood or black — and drawing three red cars a
Grimm's . Popular Fairy Tales and are arranged for alcohol burner: they splendid Christmas gift; holiday ?pe-
Lang's famous stories — price 6Oc have a full equipment of cooking cial 4."»c
utensils; prices. range from Turkish Drum* — They are S inches
Express \7ajfon— This wagon has ...... .V. ..;..'. -UJic to AIO.OO In diameter, and the sides are made
an iron body, painted red — made with Tricyd«— This ' Tricycle Is mads of zinc; regular price 50c: special at
steel wheels and axles: has a strong very strong and will stand hard HOc
wooden tongue: the body of the wa- usage: it has an iron frame and steel Dressed Doll — A 15-inch Dressed
gon is IS inches long and it sells reg- wheels, and is prettily painted; for Doll that has a red. a blue or a white
ularly at il-25; our special holiday girls ;from 8 to- 12 years. Special costume, with trimmed hat; regular
price is ..95c price v. .....*. -SS.OO price 85c; special at 5Oc
FIFTY-SEVEN COUNTIES
WILL BE IX COXVENTIOX
Promotion-. Committee Reports L«nre
" . Representation of Orjranizatlons
to A'islt Pasadena.
i The ' California Promotion Commit
tee announces that at the meeting of
the j Counties' Promotion Committees
to be held at Pasadena on December
17, every -one of ,the fifty-seven coun
ties of the State will be represented
by residents of those counties. Sec
retaries, officers and menprominent In
development work throughout Uhe
State will be on - hand to discuss ; the
Question of State publicity and also to
bring up many new matters in con
nection with their work. The Coun
ties' Promotion Committees represent
the first step in the movement to sys
tt-matize'' State development work and
they have been appointed as the result
of a meeting- of commercial organiza
tions of California held in Sacramento
on May 18 last. There are 146 cham
bers -.of^ commerce \ and development
organizations in the State.
-The -delegates will arrive in Pasa
dena and . assemble in the Board of
Trade rooms at 1 o'clock Friday. Spe
cial cars will take them to points of
Interest . during- that „ afternoon. Sat
ui-day- morning, "afternoon and even
ing will be taken up with the delibera
tions of the convention; ;On Sunday a
special' train of observation cars will
take ■ the -visitors through various
points of interest as far East as Red
lands. 7.,'J -.'■.■■
Wedding > Bells Ring at .Wrights.
• SAN JOSE, Dec. 14.— Miss Anna J.
Matty,; a- young, Jady. well known in
this city. -was married to Emil v Meyer,
a . vineyardist, at the r horn"* of j her
father atlWrights at noon to-day. The
ceremony V was . performed bv. Rev.
Father.Nestor of Los Gatos. ..The bride
is the : daughter; of iAntone Matty; a re
tired \ capitalist .and* one of the best
known "men in Santa Clara County.
PUNGENT AROM A ; DRIVES
. BROKERS • FRO3I EXCHANGE
Odor of. Asafctlda Clears Bnsy Pit
" and Causes "Adjournment by (
Unanimous Vote.
A .nauseating -odor. permeated the
pit at the Grain -and Produce Ex
change yesterday ;and drove" the
brokers out Into the street. The
scent of the raud'-flats or the pun
gent aroma that is wafted from lim
burger cheese was -eau de cologne
compared .with this smell. Nothing
could stand before it. '
Some ■ wag had emptied a bottle of
asafetida into the stove just as the pit
was ■ busiest. \ "Who J is \ dead ?" asked
one broker ; the scent ' smote his
nostrils.-- '"Where Is the polecat?" In
quired another. ..The odor gre,w
stronger and the merchants grew
weaker, so the. pit. adjourned by a si
lent but unanimous vote. The occur
rence following closely the Invasion of
the rats has almost ; turned the hair
of the offlce boy white. "My life is
Hades : , because of these doings," he
complained yesterday . as he tried to
separate 'the' stove from the asafe
tida.
FREE FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CALX
SMALL ADS. *
A Box of
RAMONA
CHOCOLATE CHIPS
Or the :
RAMONA DOMINOES.
Free .With Every; Small Ad in
Sunday Call.
; See Small Ad • Page for Further
Particulars.'
REQUIRE STREET CARS TO
BE CLEANED AND FUMIGATED
Ordinance Is Also Favored by Super
visors to Stop the Continuous
Ringing of Gongs.
.A. proposed ordinance was sub
mitted by Attorney Tirey L. Ford of
the "United Railroads to the Super
visors* Street Committee yesterday
which provides that street cars shall
be thoroughly washed at least once
a week and swept daily and to disin
fect the cars whenever there Is an
epidemic of disease. E. Troy objected
to the ordinance as not being suffi
cient, and it was amended so that the
cars shall bfe fumigated when the
Health Board shall require it. and In
that shape the measure was recom
mended for passage by the commit
tee. . . -.. .: .,-■*.- .
The committee recommended the
repeal of the ordinance requiring the
gongs of street cars to be rung con
tinuously while crossing a street and
the enactment of a new ordinance
providing that the gong shall only be
rung. when the car starts to cross the
street, as under the new rules cara
stop only at the near cross-walks.
- Ford -asked for further time to file
the company's answer to alleged un
used franchises and abandoned rails.
The committee referred to the
Board of Works the complaint of
Twenty-third-street property owners
of damages resulting from a tunnel in
the hills Just east of View; avenue, for
merly used as a water system by Hay
man and Welssbein.
Burglar Receives Light Sentence.
REDDING. Dec. 14.— L. M. iload,
a waiter, who entered the bedroonTof
Max Fessler, a -butcher, a -week- ago
and>tole $3 75 from the "pocket of
F«*5sler*s trousers, pleaded, guilty to a
charge of burglary to-day and was
sentenced to three years'-, imprison
ment at San QuenU»» .
56
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
ALL PROTESTANT CHURCHES JOIN
GREAT EVANGELISTIC MOVEMENT
WHEELER CALLS
SPADE A SPADE
President of the University
Says the Institution Has
Been Only a Big School
Berkeley Office, San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Dec 14.
Plain words are used by President
Wheeler in discussing for a special
edition of the college daily paper the
"University's Relations With Other
American Colleges." Without an at
iempt to gloss over matters, or pre
lerve any illusions indulged by Califor
aians. President Wheeler declares that
the University of California has been
tn reality simply a big school or col
lege. The president states that "it3
reorganization on the way to a real
university is in progress."
President Wheeler saye:
The university has b-en in reality dimply a
*ig school or college. Us reorganization on
the way to a rr-al university is in progreeK.
fhe mass of the undergraduates still think
evidently of the place a* a school and not a*
a university, but tlve change will come and
nothing can prevent it. At present, ss com
pared with other universities. It is most back
wart in Its buildings and equipment. The
bulidlnr* are those of a very small college.
They were built for a college of four or five
hundred. Th-y are. therefore, ludicrously in
adequate for a unHerslty of three thousand. \
The fact that there exists no lecture room I
capable of accommodating a class of three
tundred is a very significant Illustration.
If the question la asked, "What relative
position does the 1'nlversity of California hold
among the universities of the country?" It
would be said that It stands among the first
8v« or six in numbers; «mong the first seven
or eight tn the character und strength of its
teaching force; emong the first fifteen in it*
financial resource*; among the first thirty in
Its build ings and equipment.
The University of California has in past
year* been very severely Isolated from th«
ttlxr American institutions. Ttie movement
to and fro between the Eastern universities ■
•Jid the L'nivtrslty of California has been very '
limited Men have sWdoni been called from
California to take places in Eastern, universi
ties and only to a limited rxtent have men
b*en. except fcr the position of instructor.
brought from the Ka*t to the West, the large
majority of the instructor* an3 rrofe*sors in
the university belns graduates thereof.
It is on this account that the Host has
known very little r.bout the University of
California. In recent yi-ars movements have
been on foot which have fnded to change
thl*. The establishment of a neries of publi
cations, such as publications in geology, bot
any, pathology, physiology, etc.. through which
the profesrora of the university are encouraged
to «p*»k their br« thought to the scientific
»orld. hai-e ptxhaps done more than anything;
else to attract tUi* attention.
It i* also Important that representatives of
the utilverMty have in increasing measure lx>en
found at the i;at.hTings of scientific men. his
torians, etc.. in the Hart. It was, for tn
ttance. tetnarked by on* of the professors in
the University cf Chicago at the recent
World's Consress at St. - lxm!s* that the con
gresa seemed really lo be a California con
gress. Tnt v University of California was better
represented, considering its size, than any
other.
The summer session has broupht prominent
tnen from otUer universities to the I'niv-rslty
•of California and thfy have conceived a strong
attachment Tor it. Wherever they have gone
they have carried the good name of the uni
versity. In recent years, alto, more men of
established prominence In th« general academic
world hax-o been brought to Berkeley for per
manent connection. This has had a very de
cided Influence tn attracting attention to the
university. . "VV~
LEAVES PROPERTY TO ' HUSBAND —
Oakland. Dec 14. — The will, of the late Nellie
P. Lutz. wife of John E. Ltitr. a raining man
living at 676 Thirty-first street, was filed for
probat* to-day. She leaves her entire estate.
valued >at about (SO.OOQ. to her hurband. The
property consists of real estate in Alameda,
Monterey and Placer conntles.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
Pears' soap is nothing
but soap.
Pure soap isas gentle as
oil to the living skin.
Pears' is the purest and
best toilet soap in' all the
world.
MEMBERS OF COMMITTEE IN
CHARGE OK GREAT EVANGELI
CAL MOVEMENT IN OAKLAND.
SILENT PLACES
DEPICTED BY
PEN AND BRUSH
By Zoe Green Radcllffe.
OAKLAND. Dec. 14. — When next the Oalr
land Club meets it will have entered upon a
new year, for the last assembly of this month
took place to-day. The current literature and
forestry sections united in planning the day's,
programme, and succeeded in making the
afternoon an unusually interesting cae.
The "Silent Places," by Edward S.tewart
■VViiite. waa reviewed by Mrs. Julia B. Foster,
heibelf a writer as well as critic, and then
Mrs. Mary Tracy Mott gave a ehort personal
sketch of Mr. White.
Mrs. J. G. Lemmon sooke briefly but enter
tainingly of California's crowning glory — the
redwoods — telling her auditors how to distin
guish between the tall but slender coast trees
and the riants of the interior.
At the conclusion of the programme the
"Christmas tree with one present" was robbed
of it* fruit — s book by Marion Crawford,
"Whosoever Shall Offend" — and awarded by
lot to Mrs. E. C. Burrell of Berkeley.
The meeting waa largely attended to-day,
and. while enjoying eome very delicious coffee
and sandwiches the guests had the privilege
of vlewins: a fine display of water colors by
Mr*. M. Fiincher Petlis.
\ery appropriately Mrs. Pettis' were studies
cf the giant sequoias referred to by Mrs. Lem
nion. Mrs. Pettia exhibited two dozen or more
paintings, several noteworthy pieces being in
cluiled in the collection. The artist has faith
fully depicted the "silent place*" of the Big
Barln. its slant redwoods. Its feathery ferns
and rlctous undergrowth. H»re she has a bit
of rnaaway. uatthed with winllght that falls
through the overhanging, leaf-laden branches;
there a cnarlcd and knotted forest kin«? that
stands out royally against a backirround of
tender green.
Betng all studies of the same district, there
was necessarily a sameness in to-day's ex
hlUt but there was in each eketch an indi
viduality, a characteristic touch that at once
s.M.arated it from its fellows. The feminine
lorajor detail wa* evident at times, but much
?L, t W Ul9 W " rk l8 dl8t »nmi»hed by a
broad handling ratnfr unusual In a woman.
n-^f W H C °r meS , trOm u Chlca *° when Wil
liam H. Davis, who is now in Illinois re
turns to California he will spring- a. little sur
rme ;n his friends here In the shape of a
hitherto unsuspected romance, namely his ap
proaching marriage to a popular young so-
Hur^chnTiat 0 ' FrancUc0 - Ml., '■ Dorothy
rJiV" , D ? V " lf tnan »«*«- of the Chinn-Beretta
Optical Company in San Francisco ami was
for a long time connected, with th«ir Oakland
house. He Is a prominent Elk and a general
favorite. An ardent sportsman, lie has 1on»c
been a member of. the Buckeye Gun Club at
Ltvermore and on account of his unusual suc
cess in that line has been dubbed the "squirrel
hunter" by his associate* In the club
Mr. Davis is now mingling business "and
pleasure . In the East and will probably an
nounce the date of his coming nuptials on his
.return. . .
The EbW! reception yesterday will give those
who were there food for pleasant gossip for
days to come, for there were any number of
stunning pwns worn. Mrs. Seth Mann wore
a strikingly handsome one — a violet crepe with
a Frenchy trimming of .white aim embroidery
and lace. U lth It she wore a big pale blue
hnt that was very becoming. I noticed several
S 0 *"" trimmed with a novelty embroidery of
«ilk. the mushroom-colored messallne worn by
Mrs. D- B. Hunter being embroidered with
green and white. Every one is so accustomed
to seeing Mrs. Gilbert Curtis* In delicate col
ors that the stunning dark green velvet gown
and picture hat of black velvet she wore yes
terday was a pleasing revelation.. Miss Maiid
Edith Pope also wore a velvet costume of
dark blue. • One of the prettiest gowns— a j.
though on simple lines— was that worn by
MrB.Willard Williamson.- It was a "Billy
Bounce" affair of some coarse-meshed white
goods, the pink Bilk lining showing through
wherever the ■ embroidered pattern was cut
out. i'VJlOfc'MH'ilf 1 'WBn^imiull JEmaisM ii
There were any .number of -beautiful 'white
dre*ae«, notably those worn by Mrs. Joe K-?lly
Miss Carrie Nicholson. Mrs. Henry Rosenfeld!
Mrs. KateBulkley, Mrs. Mejvin C. Chapman,
MifrS Grace Burrell and Miss Amarylla Brom
ley. Mrs. Ernest Cotton. ; the hostess of the
day. was gowned in pale blue and.-Incidental
ly. . wore, some very, handsome Jewels, a largo
emerald - and diamond pin adorning the cur-
THE SAN FRANCISCQ CALL^-THURSDAY. DECEMBER 15. 1904.
OAKLAND. Dec. 14.— A general
evangelistic movement has been start
ed by all of the Protestant churches of
Oakland, and at a meeting to-day the
details were arranged. AH ; of the
evangelical churches of the city are
interested, from north to south and
east to west of the city, and all of the
pastors and most of the lady members
are actively at work.
The organization of a general com
mittee was completed this afternoon.
This committee, representing all de
nominations, is composed of both lay
and ministerial delegates, will have
charge of the general campaign, and
will delegate district work to differ
ent churches and individuals. The
chairman is Rev. E. E. Baker of the
First Presbyterian Church, and the
Rev. E. R. Dille of the First Methodist
Church is the vice chairman. The sec
retary and treasurer are laymen, the
former being S. P, Meads and the
latter S. M. Dodge, both prominent
business men of Oakland. Earl S.
Bingham, one of the most popular and
hardest- ©f workers connected with the
First .Presbyterian Church, has been
Placed at the head of the publicity
committee with the following' as his
assistants: Rev. I. N. Halliday, Rev.
H. B. Mowbry. There will be a special
music committee with Dr. O. S. Dean
as chairman and assistants in the per
sons of W. B. Raglin, H. W. Keifer,
Dr. Ray E. Gilson and O. M. Vesper.
The. general plan was outlined to-day
and is something new in religious work
on this coast. The preliminary meet
ings will begin after the new year.
From January 2 to January 7 there
will be a week of prayer in all of the
churches of Oakland, with an ex
change of ministers each evening. The
details of these meetings will be ar
ranged by the general committee later,
but there will be a new minister in
charge of each meeting in each church
during this week. .
In February there will be a reries
of cottage meetings. These meetings
will be held on each Monday evening
in February in, private houses. There
will be one hundred of these meetings
every Monday night, presided over by
both ministers and laymen, making
four hundred meetings in private
houses during the month. In addition
special prayer meetings will be held
in all of the churches during the month.
There will be a general exchange of
pulpits in all of the churches on the
last Sunday In February, the general
committee to announce the ministerial
assignments later. ■■ ■ . ■■
The month of March will be the
climax of the campaign. The city of
Oakland will be divided into four dis
tricts, and union prayer meetings will
be held in each during the first week of
the month. The pastors of the differ
ent churches in each district will con
duct these meetings.
A party of evangelists will arrive in
Oakland on March 5, and upon that
date daily meetings will occur at dif
ferent churches continuing until March
19. " i
This movement has been under way
for about a year. It was begun when
Rev. J. Wilbur Chapman' came to Oak
land about a year ago. The local
churches entered heartily into the
movement and for the last twelve
months there have been many meetings
that culminated In the general plan
that was announced to-day. Mr.
Chapman will conduct some of the
daily services during March, the pre
liminaries being in the hands of the
local workers. A perfect, spirit 1 of
harmony prevails, and the campaign
will be the greatest and most general
that Oakland has ever seen.
La. '
sage. Miss Mabel Thayer Gray wore one of
the prettiest gowns In the room, a pale violet
<loth with a yoke and berthe of rare point
lace. *»C '. T * ■ ■
Another grandson : has been welcomed Into
the CJiabot family,^ Mr. and Mrs John Henry
Dleckmann being the t proud <• parents of a
small heir, who began his? earthly career in
this city last Monday. December 12
To-morrow night an "English tea", will be
given for' the benefit of St. Andrew's Church
In the guild rooms.
ROOM THIEF. OPERATES.-^Oakland ' Dee
14.— E. L. Van Meter, residing at 1M5 Eighth*
street,, loat *33 ajid a watch last night by the
fingering of a room thief.
• ,T0 ADVERTISERS.
;. Owing to ; the large
amount of work incident to
the issue of THE CALX
HO LIDAY EDITION,
SUNDAY, DEC. 18, NO
D I S P LAY ADVERTIS-
ING copy will be accepted
for ■ that /edition after 6
P. M. Saturday, and £ NO
CLASSIFIED Ads after 9
P.M.y::^ r-.^; /:•;;:.:, ,
GET^ YOUR COPY :>< IN
EARLY;
INVENTS MACHINE TO SOLVE
PROBLEMS OF LOGIC
Will Give Rest to Fagged Brains
Professor Rieber Believes He Has an
Apparatus That Can Reason.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
. 2148 Center Street, Dec. 14.
Logical problems worked out by ma
chinery is the achievement now being
sought by Dr. Charles H. Rieber, as
sistant professor of lopic at the Uni
versity of California, and when his ex
periments are finally concluded Dr.
Rieber Is confident that he will have
perfected a unique machine, capable
of answering abstruse and difficult
questions with such accuracy and
speed as rarely are displayed by the
human mind in its workings upon such
lines. .
Dr. Rieber is loth at this time to dis
cuss his invention, desiring to refrain
from -explanation or announcement un
til all the details of his project have
been given attention. It is known,
however, that his machine is intende-1
to so operate as to eliminate all errors
in the consideration of syllogistic prop
ositions and show instantly Avhat con
clusions may . be expected to follow
from a given premise. Questions rep
resented by certain set formulae used
in logic are to be propounded to the
machine, which will then, with uner
ring Intelligence, supply the only an
swers possible lo give in accord with
logic.
The English scientist W. S. Jevons
has a machine in use working on some-
POLICE HALED
BEFORE COURT
Affidavits Charging Pilfer
ers in Uniform With Bur
glary Are Made by Chief
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
101 C Broadway, Dec. 14.
Chief of Police Hodgkins to-day
swore to affidavits charging former
Sergeant of Police C. E. Clark and Pa
trolmen J. F. Stahl, C. W. Hamerton
and Lee E. Andrews with burglary,.
Subpenas were issued directing the ac
cused men to appear on Friday before
Police Judge Mortimer Smith,, when
hearing will be held to decide .whether
there Is sufficient evidence to" warrant
arrest and prosecution. ; .;/.
Police : and 1/ citizen^ -witnesses have
also, been subpenaed., 1'. .";, ', ■ ■.■ •
■i Prosecuting Attorney.^ Leach- said
that the complaints upon which the
warrants might ' issue could not be
sworn to on "information and belief,"
as were these affidavits. But the affi
davits could be taken as the bas's of
the hearing.
From the bench Judge Smith said:
It is true that complaints Issued on "infor
mation and belief are not sufficient, s.-.d war
rentB of arrest under such circumstances can
not be If hUt.-<i. But ' upon euch an application
as has been made by the Prosecuting Attorney
it Is the duty of the court to take depositions
and hear testimony.
This move in the case was made as
the result of the failure of any person
to swear, to direct charges of burglary
against, the four men. After the- Board
of Police and Fire Commissioners re
ferred the cases to Prosecuting Attor
ney Leach he drew complaints that lay
In his office unsigned. At the last meet
ing of the board President J. E. Mc-
Elroy notified Chief of Police Hodgkins
that the law gave power to swear to
such affidavits as were made to-day.
The only testimony at. hand
is based upon the forced con
fessions of the men. It has been
contended that methods were em
ployed to induco them to confess that
would bar their statements from use.
For that reason there has been hesita
tion on the part of the police in swear
ing, to . complaints.
Subpenas cannot reach Stahl. who
has gone to Portland. Or., nor Clark,
who departed on. a sailing vessel from
San Francisco several days ago as
second mate. Hamerton and Andrews
have been in Oakland, but the court
officials express a doubt whether either
of th«»m will be within reach of sum
mons.
The Grand Jury, which was impan
eled to-day, was instructed by Superior
Judge S. P. Hall that It was within its
province to investigate the police scan
dal. In his remarks Judge Hall said:
It is your duty to take cognizance of matters
published in the press. Often persons have
not the inclination to swear to a complaint,
but you have the right to subpena witnesses,
and If you be'.leve that there is good cause for
action, it ii your duty to return | an indict
ment. It is here that tho efficacy, of a grand
Jury. lies.
The new Grand Jury is composed of
H. N. Gard. H. B. Belden. Daniel Mc-
Carthy. J. N. Green, Serrill Winsor,
D. R. Moulton. William Mann, Frank
Harrold. .Charles C. Volberg. Henry
May, William Tyson, C. P. Hoag, Al
bert Kayson, George D. Greenwood, D.
Diroond, Charles W. Damon, Henry A.
Schulz, E. D. Dunning and Vincent
Chloupek. The Jury organized by elect
ing H. N. Gard foreman and H. B.
Belden secretary, and then adjourned
until January. 9.
WIFE OF LAWYER IS
. .- ■ ADMITTED TO THE BAR
Mrs.- Emmy Marcuse Successfully
Passes Examination and Will Form
Partnership With Husband.
OAKLAND. Dec. . 141 — Alameda
County is' to ha.ve a practicing woman
lawyer in the person of Mrs. Emmy
Marcuses wife of Max Marcuse, 1 a well
known attorney of this /-city.*- Last
Monday' she' successfully .. passed '; the
examination; before the Supreme
Court and . intends to enter into part
nership with her husband. ■
When the law course was instituted
at the State University': three years ago
Mrs. Marcuse was one of. the -first to
take ■. advantage of it and ; has ; pursued
her., studies diligently ever since until
her.auccess in passing the examination
crowned her efforts. .?
: MARRIAGE LICENSES.— Oakland. ; Dec. 14.
The - following; .'raarrlage ' licenses -were issued
by the 'County "Clerk to-day: William J." Far
rell.-37. and Augusta Warmke, 30, both of San
Francisco: .Jacob ' Qlsehr' over 21, West Berke
ley;, and . Josebhine Lande, fover '18, Ban • Fran
cisco : Reginald E. Major., over .21, and Lrtiilse
M.- McGrath.'over 18, both' of Oakland; Louis
F. Thomas. 23, : and Catherine I. de Mello. , 18,
both of Oakland.
what similar lines to those laid down
by Dr. Rieber. but it has been known
to make errors and is comparatively
crude and unsatisfactory. Dr. Rieber
asserts that he is working on his ma
chine with an idea of correcting the
mistakes "made by the Englishman's
apparatus.
Plausible arguments are used by. Dr.
Rieber to prove that a logical machine
may succeed on the same lines as the
now familiar adding machines. In logic
there are certain rigid rules to be fol
lowed, just as in mathematics or , the
science of quantities. The logical ma
chine upon which Dr. Rieber is at
work follows out the principles used
in the adding machine, applying them
to the subject of a qualitative reason-
Ing. It will be more complicated, how
ever, than the adding machines. In
much the same way, however, that the
adding machine turns out the answer
"seven" when "four" and "three" are
pressed, the logical machine will turn
out all the possible combinations of
letters that can follow from a given
proposition. All combinations incon
sistent with the premises are eliminat
ed by the machine, and when a propo
sition is put to the abacus that. does
not follow out the rules of logic the
machine will refuse to work. When the
machine Is asked to consider disjunct
ive propositions its operation will of
necessity become more complex.
SAYS LAWYER
DECEIVED HER
Ignorance of Legal Matters
Pleaded by Girl as Excuse
for Annuling a Contract
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Brottdway, Dec. 14.
Having doeded away halt of her
birthright to Attorney Frederick Rus
sell for legal services rendered, Mrs.
Jennie de Soza is endeavoring to free
herself from the contract and the
hoarmg of her case is now before
Judge Melvin. SHe claims youth and
ignorance of the law. and ways of at
torneys as her excuse for signing a
contract which if upheld will give
Russell ' one-half of an $11,148 86 inher
itance, she ; to bear out of her half
all" of the expenses.
Mrs, de Soza to-day gave her age
as 19.' She is married to a man two
years her senior and upon the stand
told the following story:"
When my grandmother, Catherine Griffin of
Guemeville, died 1 was to get a quarter 'of
some money left me by my grandfather, James
Scobie. 1 had run away from my grandmothir
and was here in Oakland with my husband.
We had no money and I told Mr. Russell about
the estate that was coming to me and ask<nl
him if he could not help us. He looked into
the matter and tcld us that it would probably
mean a hard right to g?t the money, but that
if we would sign a contract he would see that
we were advanced enough ! money to get along
on. 1 agreed to his proposal. Since then I
have found that he has charged me too much.
There is no fight over the money. My grand
mother died a short time ago and there Is
about $45,000 to be divided among four of us.
He only nave us about $60. ;•'.
It was shown by Attorney Charles
Peery, for the plaintiff, that the first
contract signed by her was drawn 1 up
before she had become of legal age
and that Russell afterward got her to
sign a second one. Upon his side, Rus
sell contends that he defended them
in a charge of vagrancy and other dif
ficulties they got into here and ad
vanced them considerable more money
than they are willing to admit they
received.
TELL OF FERE AXD -.^-i':!
A LACK OF WATER
Hearing of Xlehaus Bros.' Suit De
velops That There Should Have
Been Greater Pressure.
OAKLAND, Dec. 14. — While the
flames were devouring a mill valued
at $164,000 the water would not run
six feet out of the end of the hose, was
the testimony introduced to-day in
the suit of the Niehaus Bros.' Com
pany of Berkeley against the Contra
Costa Water Company for this sum
t o reimburse them for their loss by
fire.
Guy Hyde Chick of Berkeley, for
merly the agent there for the water
company, took the stand on behalf of
the plaintiffs this afternoon and said
that there should have been a sev
enty-pound pressure on the pipes on
the night the flames destroyed the
mill.
Philip Slsterna, a member of the
volunteer fire department, said that
on the night in question the water
hardly ran out of. the end of the hose.
He was corroborated by George Pirie,
a resident of the neighborhood, and
one of the first to arrive at the fire
and who < helped unroll the hose. C.
W. Burgess, a resident of Eureka,
who happened, to be visiting close by,
also testified that the water would not
run. :■'.;■<•:;--'':;" '"v- 1
Buys "Willows" Property.
OAKLAND, Dec. 14.— The Merritt
Hospital . trustees , have sold 100 feet
frontage on Oak street near Four
teenth of; the historic "Willows" prop
erty lying along the west shore of
Lake Merritt. This marks the break
ing up of a beautiful strip of land
that was offered to the city for public
park'; purposes, but failed to carry
when* the public improvements bond
issue was defeated. H. C. Capwell is
the purchaser. ;-3BggpMM|Bjaflrij
FREE FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL,
SMALL ADS:
A Box of
RAMONA
CHOCOLATE CHIPS
Or the
RAMONA DOMINOES.
Free With 1 Every Small- Ad in
Sunday Call.
See Small Ad \Page for Further
Particulars.
TRY TO WIND
UP WATERBURY
Berkeley Man's Daughters
»; Hold Key to Problem of
"Why Should He Marry?"
TAKE TIME BY FORELOCK
Pistol Is Brandished by
Girl When Pa Tells All
Hands of His Second Love
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call.
2148 Center Street, Dec. 14*
George A. Waterbury is prepared to
add his testimony to the literature con
tributed by the folk who have writ
ten that "the path of true love never
does run smooth." "Waterbury has
been locked out of his residence at
1639 Prince street, by his four daugh
ters, because he proposed to marry
again.
When Waterbury announced his plan
to the v four daughters two days ago,
they rose en masse and protested firm
ly and not with special care to make
the protestations gentle. "Waterbury,
however, believed that once the first
storm had been endured, a calm might
be expected to follow, and then he
would bring his second spouse to the
family roof tree, and all would be as
before. ■ . ■ . ■ >..--■:
The daughters neglected to resume
their normal state of mind, and this
disarranged Waterbury's programe. It
was still farther disarranged when
he returned last night to the home on
Prince street, and , found the door to
the house barricaded. -
"Who the deuce has locked up my
house?" yelled Waterbury. as he fran
tically kicked and pounded on the high
priced timbers of the building.'
"We have, paw," cried the four maid
ens in the house, who thereupon ap
peared at an upper window, from
whence Miss May Waterbury brand
ished a revolver that Waterbury recog
nized as his own weapon, and not a
toy weapon, either.
"You go right away from here,"
cried daughter No. 1, the eldest, "and
don't come back to sleep or to eat
till you have given up the Idea - of
bringing another woman here to run
the house!".
Waterbury retreated, and slept at
a lodging house in Oakland. His
meals he got at a restaurant. To-day
he tried again to get into his home,
but without success. Appeal was then
made to Justice Edgar and Deputy
Marshal Pickett for assistance, and the
latter promised to see that the Gordian
knot in the Waterbury household was
cut, deeply enough, at least, to permit
of the entrance of Mr."* Waterbury in
to the rooms where his lares and pen
ates are stored.
Late this evening Waterbury swore
to a warrant for the arrest of S. J.
Hankins and Percy Betts, who, he
says, aided "ah'd r abetted" the' girls in
their resistance to: him.
Hankins is connected with the law
office of .Charles Wesley Reed in San
Francisco, and had been called on by
the girls for advice.
Hankins and Betts were arrested
to-night, cave bail and will appear to
morrow morning in Justice Edgar's
court. During Waterbury's absence
to-day, and after his announcement
that he would return with his bride
to-morrow, the Misses Waterbury, as
sisted by neighbors, removed all of
the furniture in the residence. . They
stripped the house of everything
movable. The daughters deny the
shotgun story told by the father.
Acctl Man Stricken.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 14. — After lying
for two or three days in a semi-con
scious condition J. P. Smith, 94 years
old, was found prostrate to-day on a
porch at his residence. 1616 Railroad
avenue, where he had fallen while try
ing to help in a sudden illness.
The old man's head was- badly
cut. The condition of the injury
showed . it was inflicted several
days ago. Dr. H. M. Pond was called,
and after dressing the injury, pro
nounced the patient's condition seri
ous. . Smith is said to be the oldest
member of the society of California
Pioneers.
BRIEF OAKLAND NEWS
BLIXD HOMO GETS NEW PHYSICIAN.—
Oakland. Dec. 14. — Dr. Hubert N. Rowell of
Alanieda County has been appointed attending
physician of the State Home for the Adult
Blind. , i- :,
IS SENT TO STOCKTON.— Oakland. Dec.
14.— Mrs. Jennette Shields of 231S Santa Clara
avenue Alameda, was adjudged Insane this
morning and committed to the Insane asylum
at Stockton.
TESLA TO HAVE TELEPHONE.— Oakland.
Dec. 14. — The telephone company has shipped
material for the construction of a telephone
line from Livermore to Tesla. Work will be
gin in a few days.
TEACHERS* f EXAMINATION.— Oakland.
Dec. 14. — The County Board of Education has
announced that it will hold the annual ex
amination for teachers next Monday morning
at the High School building, beginning at i)
o'clock. *
PROFESSOR STEPHENS LECTURES.—
Oakland. Dec. 14. — Professor Henry Morse Ste
phens gave a lecture to-day at the Common
School Assembly Hall on Brissot. the politi
cian who caused the foreign war during the
French revolution.
.DANGEROUSLY SHOT BY BOY.— Oakland
Dec. 14. — A. P. Caldwell. residing at 564 Four
teenth street, who was dangerously wounded
In both legs last night at Byron by a boy who
accidentally discharged a shotgun, was taken
this afternoon to Fablola Hospital.
URGES HELP FROM TEACHERS.—Oak
land. Dec. 14.— Miss C. Anita Whitney, secre
tary of the Associated Charities, lectured yes
terday before the Teachers- Club, urging co
operation of the teachers in the work of hand
ling children who are mentally deficient. Miss
Whitney's general theme was "Children In
Charity."
REBEKAHS* WHIST TOURNEY.— Alameda,
Dec. 14.— Alameda Rebekah Lodge will hold
a whist tournament In the City Hall to-mor
row night for the benefit of the Orphans' Home
at Gllroy. Seventy-five prizes will be award
ed and accommodation will be provided for
350 players. Captain A. P. Smiley will direct
tho tourney.
GIRL JOINS HER MOTHER IN DEATH. —
Oakland. Dec. 11. — Less than a week after
the death of her mother Miss Jennie Taylor,
daughter of Mrs. Wealthy Taylor, passed. away
to-day at the Taylor residence. 477 East Elev
enth street. Miss Taylor had been 111 for two
w-ecks from pneumonia. The same disease
was also fatal in Mm. Taylor's case, who died
last Friday.
FAT11EP. KING'S OBSEQUIE3.— Oakland,
Dec It. — Solemn offices for the dead were
chanted to-night at the Church of the Immacu
late Conception over the late venerable pastor,
the Rev. Michael Kirs;. Many clergymen of
this city took, part In the services. The *er
mon was preached by the Rev. Father Pren
dsrgast. Catholic clergymen from all parts of
the State will take part in the obsequies Fri
day. morning.
. . TRUSTEES APPOINTED. — Oakland. Dec.
14. — County Superintendent of Schools - Craw
ftrd has appointed E. A. Ellsworth to fill the
vacancy on the board of trustees of the Nllet
School District caused by the death of j
Tyton. Mrs. Sim Morrell and Mr. Johnson
have been appointed trustees on the board of
tlu-'Hayea School District, to take places made
Mccant by the removal of George Hunt and
G. W. Lozan
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
1018 Broadwaj.
Telephone Main 10S3.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone Xorth 77.
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTION'S.
Alameda County.
WEDNESDAY. DECEMBER 14.
Mary A. and M. Van Horn Cooley to Real
Estate Security Company, lot on IC Una of
Thome street. 2CO E of Cannlnjr. E 23 by.^
100. lot 24. block M. map of resubdl vision of
portion of Roberta A Wolfskin Tract. Oak
land; $10..
Minerva and Jane Sweeney (Todd) to Arr
toiije E. and Mary I* Waters, lot on W Una
of Chestnut street. 170:6 S of Twenty-eighth.
S 40 by W 132. portion of lot 17. block NWl.
map of survey of Northern Extension. Oak
land; $10.
Frank and Sarah Mason (wife) to Heron-
Holcomb Company (corporation). SB 4O feet
of lot 17 block J. map No. 2. Linda Ylqta
Terrac*. Oakland; $10. ' '
Holcomb Land Company (Heron-Holwtab
Company) to Frank J. Agneif, lot 13. map of
Santa Clara avenus property, Oakland; $10.
Horace P. and Carrie I. Ross to Mary O,
Potter (widow) all Interest as umi appear*
In deed of November 23, 1904. made- by Mary
D. Potter to grantors herein. • lota 13. • 14-. *. 23
and 24. block 20. Kell«rsberger'» Map (waiver
of Interest. Quitclaim deed), Oakland; $10.
Isaac Kowalsky (widower) to> C. II. Board
man, lot on W i line of Telegraph ■ avenue,. "25
S of Twenty-fifth (Laurel) street, S "25.<br
W 100. lot 6 block O. map of blocks O, P ana
L. Kelsey Tract. Oakland; $10.
Milton Van Horn Cooley and Mary ' A.
Cooley (wife) to Real Estate Security Cora
pany. lot on K line of . Lake street. 1 71 N eC
Brooklyn avenue. N 95. E 217. SW 114:3,. W
15U. to beginning, lots 60, 61 and 68. map of
property of Capital Homestmd Association,
Ea*t Oakland: also lots 9 and SI. block J. map
of Broadway. Terrace. Oakland; also lot 23 -»ni
E 49 feet of lot 17, block 3. Shaw Tract.
Berkeley; $10.
Realty Syndicate (corporation) to Phila V.
Adrian (wife of H. A.), lots 1* and 17, bloc*
24. McGee Tract, portion plat 67. etc.. Berke
ley: $10. . , ..
Phila V. and H. A. Adrian (husband), tq
Abbie I. Hulls, lot 16 and S 2 feet of lot 17.
blcck 24, same map. Berkeley; $10. - •
The Realty Syndicate (corporation) to Phila
V. Adrian (wife of II. A.), lot 14 and W .33
feet of lot 13. block 22, same map. Berkeley;
Marion E. and Andrew O. Donogh to Usual
and Vaney E. Shellhammer. lot on W line ot
Spruce street, 87 N of Rose. W 65 by N 40,
lot 2S, block 14. map of Berryman Tract.
Berkeley; $10.
J. B. and Lou M. Karle (wife) to Felix
Marcuse, lot on W line of Maatlck court. 100
8 of Railroad avenue. S 123 by W.74^ Ala
meda: C10.
John A. Wood (widower) to James Burris
Wood, lot on NE corner of Butler street and
San Pablo avenue, B 143:3. N 80, W 147:5.
S 50.17. lot 4 block 1. Butler Tract, Oak
land; also lot 3. block 1, amended map same,
Oakland; $10.
Mary D. Potter (widow) to Horace P. and
Carrie Idelle Ross, lots 11, 12. 25 and 29. block
20. Kcllerstberger-s map, Oakland; $10.
A. J. and Sophie M. Snyder to Hugh and
Thomas P. Hogan, lot on N line of Thirteenth
street. 453:4 E of Grove. E 33:4 by N 140. por
tion of lots as and 37. block 2033, Rowland
tract. Oakland: $10.
John G. F. and Annie E. Oellerlch to Mar
garet Rand (widow), lot en W line of McCall
street. 144.50 S of Sixtieth, S 49 by W 123, lot
13. block G. resubdlvision of Brumagim tract
on W line of Shattuck street, Oakland: $10.
Clarence and Frances S. Grange to J. ■ T.
Hinch. lot on S line of Sixty-first street. 103.42
W of Telegraph, W 51.98. S 100. E 23. X 100.
lot 9 and portion of lota 5 to 8. block C, Rob
erts & WolfskiU tract. Oakland: $10.'
- L*wts & and Lizzie J. Snyder to 'Bernard
Fherry. lot on W line of San Pablo street.
38:5 N of Snyder avenue. X 80 by W 100, lots
», 9 and 10, and N 5 feet of lot 7, Snydar
tract. Berkeley; $10.
UNIVERSITY GRADUATE
\;l*X- TO AVED actor lover
Miss Amy Hamlln'9 People Learn of
i Her Engagement to. Robert [
Kelly of Chicago. -
BERKELEY, Dec. 14. — News of
their daughter's engagement to mar
ry a prominent actor has Just come to
the parents of Miss Amy Hamlln, who
reside here. The girl will wed Robert
Kelly, with whom she played in '.'Sag
Harbor" two years ago. The cere
mony is to be performed in Chicago
next Sunday at the home of the
groom's mother, who is a wealthy
woman of Chicago. '
Miss Hamlin graduated from- the
university in 1899. She was promi
nent in amateur dramatic production's
in college, and was encouraged to gt>
on the stage by the late Professor L.
du Tfint Syle. She has since starred
in "The Little Minister," "The Vil
lage Postmaster" and other plays. Her
parents are Mr. and Mrs. "M. ci
Hamlin. - ■. . • . ■
Joshua C. Ewlns's Funeral.
OAKLAND, Dec. 14. — The funeral
of Joshua C. Ewlng, father of J. Cal
Ewing, secretary of the State Board
of Bank Commissioners, was held this
afternoon from the Ewlng residence.
122 Ninth street, the Rev. Ernest E
Baker, pastor of the First Presbyte
rian Church, officiating. The 'services
were private. The pallbearers were
John P. Cook. Joseph Kelley, Clar
ence Crowell. John W. Stetson. G R
Lukens and Clay Hawbaker. Th>
body was cremated at the Oakland
crematory.
High. School Graduate*,
ALAMEDA. Dec. 14. — Twenty-four
students will be graduated from the
Alameda High School at the com
mencement exercises to be held in As
sembly Hall Friday night. The names
of those who will receive diplomas
were announced to-day by the Boarrt
of Education and are as follows-
Hazel MIgnon Binder. Gertrude LonNe
Bruns. Edna Frances Colson. Norman Frertpr
lck d' Evelyn, Albion Dee. Alyce Electa Gaffott
Raymond A. Gott. Frank Kennedy JXckW
Charles Webster Macloon. Dorothea Mae"^'
son Fx.d Grant Mudgett. Ruth x o t n a,, c
Robert Atherton Parker. Frances Prior Arthur
Leroy Rader. Ford Edward Samuel • FWnrI
Elizabeth Schultz. Evelyn Richmond Sh<££*
Fletcher M Slosson. Emma LoK BtEgS
Lelta Templeman. Charlotte Louis* ThomnioD
Frances Deane Tisdale. Laura Wells
FACULTY XIXE BEATS SENIORS — Ui
Carl Philippi catching, th" faculty nine 0 7 t^
School Department defeated the senior cla^
team of the Alameda Hl*h School by a 5cor
of 0 to 5 tn a six- Inning ? ame. played" thU
afternoon on the Clement-avenue diamond
ADVERTISEMENTS. .
dsff\ IB tf^ n if vi n _
rARTTR'Q R'i lT £ir,? o n ¥S£?
Vn I \ I L |\ O They also relieve Dl>
|v?53 mi r k** 3 Vnm D J^P< 1 ?sia. in-
•©a 8 I TILL digestion and Too Hearty
H 9 V E R EatlE-. a perfect rera-
IH bfibp 0< Jy for Dizziness. Nausea.
§1 riLIUO. Drowsiness. Bad Taste
fi-jft^EI In the 2IoutH, Coatefl
M*iLlSlil Tongue. Pain In tHe suit,
1 : — ■ » TORPID LTVEK. Ta«7
regnJato tbe Bowete. Purely Vegetable,
SMjiLPIlL SMALL DOSE SMALL PRICE.
CARTERS! CURE SICK • BfiA ?Audfii
53ittie Genuine Must Bear
I pjifs* Fac-Simile SignatureWORKS DROPPED
FROM COUNCILS
President North of Water
and Forest Association
Gives the Place to Holt
OLD FIGHT HAS SEQUEL
Control of the Executive
Committee of State Body
Is Not Changed by Move
In a private dispatch from Los An
gre'es, information is contained * that
John D. Wcrks has been dropped from
the executive committee of the Cali
fornia Water and Forest Association
and that L- M. Holt of Los Angeles has
been appointed in his stead by John G.
North, the new president of the asso
ciation. This news Is certain to create
a stir among the several thousand
members of the Essociation and among
those who have followed the proceed
ings of the Water and Forest Associa
tion from Its inception.
Just before the_Jast session of the
California Legislature, the association
determined to see what could be done
to revise the laws of the State pertain
ing to water and Its distribution and
control. A committee was appointed
bj- the association to prepare a bill to
present to the Legislature and John D.
Works was selected to draft the re
quired bill and to present it at the
Legislature. The Immediate result waB
one of the warmest sectional fights that
the Slate of California has known.
Southern California sent its represen
tatives to Sacramento with instructions
to oppose the Works bill as strongly as
possible. They fulfilled the mandate In
the strictest way. The bill was de
frated. Back of it was the body of
engineers who had been making pre
liminary surveys in behalf of the
United States to conserve the waters of
California and professors of the Uni
versity of California end Stanford Uni
versity assisted in gathering the data
that was used at Sacramento in ad
vocacy of the Works measure.
Once more, at the last annual con
vention of the Water and Forest As
eoclatlcn in this city, the subject of
revislrgr the water laws of the State
came up fcr discussion. .The commit
tee on resolutions brought In a report
In which among other matters was the
following:
R*»olved. That in the oriRicn of the Water
mr.6 forest Association no radical changes In
tin? lrrlyatlr>B laws of California can be devised
that will operate satisfactorily and do Justice
to all section* of the State.
As the adoption of this resolution
would discountenance the previous at
titude of the association and all that
was done at Sacramento the resolution
was killed and in its stead was> adopted
a substitute that set forth that "in
view erf the main purpose of our organ
ization it is Impossible for the Watfer
and Forest Association to procure re
vision of the water laws of the State of
California."
John G. North had the selection of
fix members of the executive commit
tee of the Water and Forest Associa
tion as president. With the exception
of putting Holt in the place of Works,
who has been dropped. President North
has made no change In the executive
committee.
TO ADTEETISERS.
Owing to the large
amount of work incident to
the issue of THE CALL
HOLIDAY EDITION,
SUNDAY, DEC. 18, NO
DISPLAY ADVERTIS-
. ING copy will be accepted
for that edition after 6
P. M. Saturday, and NO
CLASSIFIED Ads after 9
P. M.
GET YOUR COPY IN
EARLY.
Vazina Hides Baby.
In respor.se to habeas corpus pro
ceedings in Judge Graham's court,
Louis N. Vazina, a contractor, ap
peared, yesterday afternoon, but failed
to obey the order to produce his
S months old babe, which he tooK
from its mother last Sunday night.
Vazina told the court that the mother
v.as neglectful of the child. He had
taken it to a friend's home on Waller
Ftreet, but declined to tell the num
ber for fear the mother would make
trouble there. /Graham postponed fur
ther hearing until Friday.
BYROX ItOT SPRINGS.
Ronnd-Trlp Tickets Sold Fridays and
Saturday*.
Friday to Sundcy ah<3 Saturday to Monday
tickets to Byron Hot Sprint*, sold by agents
o.' the Eo'-tbem Pacific on Fridays and Ee.t
urdajs. tr.cluds railway fare both ways, car
nage drive from B>Ton eUtlcn and two days*
b'*rd end lodging at 3.vron Hot Sprine* Hotel.
ell lor $7 60. Asl: Southern Pacific agents. •
Entertainment at Convent To-day.
The pupils of the Sacred Heart Pre
sentation Convent will give a grand
musical and literary entertainment
this 3flernoon at 1:30 o'clock in the
convent hall. A programme of much
excellence has been arranged and the
m'jsScr.l portion contains numbers of a
h'gh class. There i3 also to be pre
sented a merry farce by the junior
members of the Augustlnian Debating
Circle. At the close of the programme
rcTrPs'im*nts will be served and the
pupils will make that part of the en
tertainment the opportunity for greet
ing 1 their friends.
KE\V AJVERTOl^ffiyTg^^
/
Cure* AmaAmXi. Stop* tauia* hair. KeUevu 5523!™'"™'^^™"^™™"
NEWBR.O'S HERPICIDE
1 be 0SI01NAL remedy that "kills the Daadraf I Oertn."
(SOIN&l G*OING«!S GPNEUI.
* ¥£?2fJIw~m. 11 uil a ' wo'ute rot bopjcim. : ° K
MJi M i£J o0 S l « B^ VSH MSffissys-sssttss - A^:
A noted itrmttotofiit ssys.' Thetime l» coaint children should know that It Is dirty to im an-
•1.en«nuBsterpxetfpj:Wteh4»rbruvb win be as other's Ulr brash." Newbro'sHerplcldi reader*
rere «s a puSUc tooth brusJi. The reason Is public hair brushes harmless by destroying the
%btt ditty hair brashes spread dandruff, and true dandruff BlcrS*" A^HrttS hSri«sslBr
CuAnitf H now known to be • contagious disease Gives wonderful results! - ••«»»"«•
Onf9*ts,S1.00. Seal 18c stiwa, to KERPiCtOE CO, O«pL H. CttraH. l&k, fcr t $tapk.
APPLICATIONS AT PROKIHEHT BABBES SHOPS. -
IRISH PATRIOT
IS APPLAUDED
Local Societies /Honor Pat
rick J. Fiimegan at Na
tive Sons' Hall. Reception
SPEAKS OF SUFFERINGS
T/lls of His Twenty Years
Spent in a Prison 'for
Struggling to Free Erin
Hopeful that some day Ireland will
be free, and grateful to those who have
suffered for th«»ir loyalty, members of
tho Irish societies of San Francisco
gathered at Native Sons' Hall last
evening to pay tribute to Patrick J.
Finnegan, the noted patriot. The hall
was crowded and Air. Finnegran was
received with applause when he ap
peared to tell the story of his efforts
on behalf of Ireland.
"I cannot express my~*gratitude for
this reception." he said, "because words
fall me when I rind that so many warm
hearts are beating for our cause. In
It I see a protest against the tyranny
of England that some day must come
io an end. For twenty years I was
confined In an English dungeon, see-
Insr no one and haring but little food.
However, I know that there Is no Irish
patriot that would not Buffer as I have
done for our cause, nrcO I glory in the
thought that the Irishman's desire to
be free will never die. It will live un
til we are free and we again take our
place among the nations."
Continuing, Mr. Flnnegan told how
he was arrested with several others
at Sligo. convicted of high treason by
a jury in the selection of which he hart
no voice and then thrown Into prison,
only securing his releaas after his hair
had whitened with age — the best years
ot h!s life gone. But it had not broken
his spirit, he said, and until the end
he would fight for the freedom of his
coufttry. He counseled his audience to
stand together for the cause and" to
await the day the Irish volunteers gave
the word to strike.
Before Mr. Finnegan spoke an enter
taining programme was given. Chair
man Joseph P. Kelleher addressed the
audience on the purpose of the recep
tion, after which Miss Loretta Barr
sang two old Gaelic songs. She was
accompanied by her sister. Miss Fran
ces Barr. William Murphy recited two
patriotic compositions and was enthu
siastically applauded. Miss Annie
Rooney sang two solos, and was fol
lowed by Joseph P. Kelleher and John
CConnell, who danced the double
horppipe.
Aft*r a song by Professor Kearns
the Gaelic dancing began in earnest.
The Misses Bessie and Hazel Allen
danced a double Irish jig, after which
they wore recalled, whereupon they
danced a hornpipe. A four-hand reel
was gracefully danced by the Misses
May Uanley ar.'l May Ropers and Mas
tor Robert Alien and Joseph Laveira.
At the conclusion of the programme
the hall was cleared and every one en-
Joyed the dance until a late hour.
ANCIKNT AND MODERN
CANALS ARE DESCRIBED
Joseph Oldliam Gives Interesting Lec
ture Before the Pupils of the
Humboldt School.
An interesting, lecture from a tech
nical standpoint was delivered before
a class of students at the Humboldt
Evening School last night by Joseph
Oldham. Mr. Oldham, a naval archi
tect, chose as his subject "Canals and
Locks and Ships Which Pass Through
Them." He dealt not only with the
construction of canals, but also showed
what a vast aid they have been to
commerce.
The lecture was broad in scope, be
ginning with a brief history of the an
cient canals, a description of the first
canals In America, the origin and
power of canal locks, the first vessel
afloat on the Great Lakes and a com
parison of the trade on the "Soo" and
the Suez canals. Reference was also
made to the proposed Panama canal.
Mr. Olflham said he considered the
Panama route much better than the
Nicaragua, as it could be constructed
and maintained at less expense and
would also effect a saving of time.
FREE FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
A Box of
RAMONA *
CHOCOLATE CHIPS
Or th*
RAMONA DOMINOES.
Free With Every Small Ad in
Sunday. Call.
See Small Ad Page for Further
Particulars.
Asa R, Wells' Will Filed.
The will of the late Asa R. Wells;
former' Auditor, business man and
politician, who died December 8, was
filed for probate yesterday by Henry
Rcot and Susie H. "Wells. The estate
Is said to be worth 558,000, the chief
values being $23,000 in realty and
$20,000 In the stock of "Wells, Russell
& Co. The testator states that he had
deeded the property at 1406 Jackson
street to his wife, Reba, and premises
on the Westall tract in Alameda Coun
ty and two lots on Eddy street to his
daughters, Laura and Susie. The re
mainder of the estate Is to be divided
nraon? the five children, Laura M.,
Susie H., Asa H. Arthur T. and Wil
liam W. Wells, who are to pay the
widow a total of $100 a month during
her lifetime.
THE SAN FRANCISGO GALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 15. .1904:
BRIDGE PIER
MAY BE RUINED
Great Crack Is Discovered
in One of Supports of New
Third Street Structure
WORK OF A TEMBLOR
Severe Shock of Earthquake
Felt in and Around City,
but Little Damage Done
A severe earthquake was noticed in
and about this city at eight minutes
past 7 o'clock yesterday morning. The
vibration lasted four seconds, and is
described by Weather Expert McAdie
as a "twister," having, no general di
rection.' This was the fourteenth and
most severe shock noticed since the
first of the month, but Mr. McAdie says
there is nothing to be feared from these
disturbances, as they are simply caused
by a readjustment of the outer crust
of the earth.
City Engineer Woodward ascertained
yesterday that the concrete foundation
to be used as one/Of the supports for
the Third-Btreet bridge, now being built
at the foot of Third street by the Santa
Fe Company, is cracked six feet across,
the crack being three inches wide and
extending to low-water mark. Divers
will be sent down to find out if it eoes
any farther. The foundation Is sup
posed to weigh 2700 tons. If the crack
penetrates to the v mud line it will be
necessary to reconstruct the pier. The
situation is considered so serious that
the Eastern engineer- of the company
has been telegraphed for. A consulta
tion with City Engineer Woodward and
the engineer of the Thompson Bridge
Company, which .has the contract for
the bridge, will be held. It is thoueht
that the crack was caused by the earth
quake of December 10. The final pay
ment of $11,000 on the concrete work
was to have been made on the 20th
inst. The bridge was to have been com
pleted in the spring of 1905 at a cost of
$175,000. but the crack In the pier will
delay its completion indefinitely.
OAKLAND, Dec. 14.— A sharp earth
quake disturbed this city at 7:09 o'clock
this morning. -No damage was done.
VALLEJO, Dec. 14. — An earth
quake lasting eight seconds shook
Vallejo at 7:09 o'clock this morning.
It caused considerable excitement,
but no damage "was reported.
SAN JOSE. Dec. 14.— A slight but
pronounced earthquake was felt In
this city a few minutes after "'o'clock
this morning. . ;:
MISS STRUNSKY
TALKS ABOUT
POET MORRIS
The Forum Club, Mrs. Frank Fred
ericks president, enjoyed a red-letter
day yesterday when Miss Anna Strun
sky. the clever young Russian writer,
talked about William Morris, poet,
artist and socialist.
Of all the women who have been
heard in clubdom during the winter,
It is conceded, that Miss Strunsky is
the most fascinating physically and
the best equipped mentally. Hers is
a mind of strength and breadth and
depth — of tremendous heart and brain
qualities; and thus endowed, she car
ried her listeners through the splendid
life of the English scholar and think
er, revealing the great, joyful spirit
that dwelt in his breast, and the vast
love he held for his fellows.
His socialistic side, which appealed
strongly to Miss Strunsky, being her
self a staunch little socialist, showed
a complete revolution of the ideas of
his day, and even of our day. In his
palatial home, he entertained the cob
bler with the same keen enjoyment as
he did the banker, or the poet, loving
all equally well, and believing person
ality to be the only, mark of distinction.
And even this he would make unob
trusive, believing that there should be
a homogeneity of the people, rather
than sporadic developments among
them. ;-;•> "\££ui.% '-'■■-I
Hope, joyfulness and usefulness
stamped his life with a seal of love,
and Miss Strunsky made each hearer
know and feel the influence of the man
who lived his whole beautiful life for
his fellows, leaving as a heritage the
now famous Socialistic Federation of
London. ,-.';
Preceding and following Miss Strun
sky, Aaron Cain gave three charming
tenor solos, which were warmly re
ceived.
Mr*. Emil Pohli made a short but
eloquent appeal for the purchase of the
Mill Valley grove of redwoods, which
is now about to be placed on the mar
ket for sale. : .<«,.,
While tea was being sipped Miss
Strunsky held a levee, in an embowered
corner, bearing in her arms a great
bunch of pink roses, the gift, of Mrs.
Thomas Morffew, who was hostess of
\he day.
Carabaos Meet.
The regular quarterly meeting of
Corral No. 3 of the Military Order of
the-Carabao, composed of officers of
the army and navy who served in the
Philippines, took place at. the Occi
dental Hotel Tuesday night.
The following officers were elected
for the enusing year: Paramount Car
abao, General Charles A. CoolidKe:
patriarch of the herd. Captain Peter
T. Riley; lead and wheel Carabao." CaD
taln J. W. McAndrew; board of "gover
nors — Colonel A. C. Markley. Major Ed
win 8. Bean. Captain W. P. Burnham.
The following- hombres were Initiated
ae Carfibao vcfth the beautiful cere
mony of the order: Colonel C. A. Wil
liams, Colonel George Fllmer, Major
Harry A. Leonhauser, Captains R. W.
Rose, R. A. Brown, J. H. Wholley, Her
man Hall, W. M. Morrow, W. A.
Cleary, Lieutenants J. C. Righter, . Fred
W. Hershler, W. M. Hughes, C. Me-
Laughlln.
General Charles A. Woodruff, grand
paramount of the order and the foun
der of the Corral, acted. as bombinero.
The evening was pleasantly spent in
soldier songs and stories reminiscent of
service in the tronlcs.
Advocates Progress.
. A well , attended meeting of the res
idents and property, owners ■ of ; .the
Sunset Valley District was held- last
night. Several measures looking to
the betterment of this particular sec
tion of the city was 'advocated. Ad
ditional lights' were asked for on sev
eral street corners In the more inhab
ited portion of the valley. The Unit
ed Railroads was requested to im
prove the railroad track on H street,
where it is out of order. : St. Rose
avenue between; Perry "and Parker, is
to be severed and graded by,the!prop
erty owners. Forty-eighth avenue be
tween B and C streets is to be graded
and sewered; by Contractor; Felix -Mc-
Hugh. The Board , of,. Public Works
will be requested to ■■'construct.' a catch
sewer and basins on Forty-seventh,
Forty-eighth .and Forty-ninth ave
nues. • • -
WAR OVER TOGA
ON IN EARNEST
Aspirants for Speakership
Are Beginning to Disclose
Their Plans of Campaign
PUESCOTT AND EOLLEY
Senator Hahn jf Pasadena,
Foremost of Frank Flint r s
Supporters, Comes to Town
'State Senator Benjamin W. Hahn of
Pasadena, . one of the foremost and
ablest advocates of the candidacy of
Frank P. Flint of Los Angeles for
United States Senator to succeed
Thomas R. Bard, is at the Palace Ho
tel. Mr. Flint is also in the city, ex
changing views with* leading men and
local statesmen^/ He has engaged
rooms at the Golden Eagle Hotel for
the Senatorial campaign at Sacramen
to. The rooms reserved Include those
occupied by General W. H. L. Barnes
during the memorable Senatorial • con
test of 1S99. Senator Bard has engaged
rooms at the Capitol Hotel. It is said
that the • Senator will arrive In this
city December 31 and remain in Cali
fornia until the election of his succes
sor is determined. \ ,
CONTEST VOW SPEAKER.
Assemblyman Frank C. Prescott of
Redlands is In town.*
Mr. Prescptt, when he ■ arrived
here, was not prepared definitely to
announce his candidacy for the Speak
ership, but after a conference with
local Republicans he gave out this
positive statement late. last evening:
"I am a candidate." It is said in po
litical circles that he has an active
legion of supporters.
Assemblymen Philip A. Stanton and
J. P. Transue of Los Angeles arrived
in the city last evening. They .were in
Sacramento yesterday forenoon col
lecting hints on the Speakership. The
activity of the southern contingent has
caused messages to be sent to.Hum
boldt County, advising Assemblyman
George T. Rolley that "something is
doing."
Republican leaders are discussing
the question whether a special election
must be Immediately called to fill the
vacancy. in the Seventy-fifth Assembly
District, Los Angeles, caused by the
recent death of Assemblyman-elect : J.
H. Krimminger.
The common impression In legislative
camps that the Speakership will go to
an aspirant .residing in some county
other than Alameda has induced Sen
ator Frank W. Leavitt to enter the
race as a candidate for President pro
tern, of the Senate. A few days ago
there was talk that Senator E. I. Wolfe
would have a walkover for the honor
of presiding in the Senate during the
absence of Lieutenant Governor Alden
Anderson. If. the contest between Wolfe
and Leavitt should engender bitterness
Lietuenant Governor Anderson will go
into training to develop sufficient physi
cal strength to preside in the Senate
at all hours of the forthcoming Session.
CONTINGENT FUND.
Legislators are already^dlscussing the
perplexing question of patronage. The
open-handed- :and generous statesmen
favor $20 a day for each Senator and
$10 for each Assemblyman of the ma
jority. The. conservatives figure, that
$12 for Senators and $6 for members of
the lower house would~be about right.
The story goes that an allowance In ex
cess of the latter, apportionment would
not meet with executive, approval. The
Legislature, however, has control of its
own contingent fund. The Governor, of
course, can veto an appropriation for
contingent expenses If his judgment
demands such action, but the veto
power Is seldom used to curb such ex
travagance. Again, it is comprehended
that a Legislature bent on appropriat
ing money , for contingent expenses
would not hesitate to override an ex
ecutive veto.
It is probable that the Republican
__ ■ - ■ (
BEAtJTIFUL PKESENTS
AT MODERATE PRICES
PROMPT ATTENTION
INTELLIGENTLY GIVEN
T O A L Ii * P A T R O N S
SHKEVEJ& COMP AN Y
/POST AND- 31 ARK ET STS.
«T EW EIj E IIS
SILYERS3IITHS
OPEN EVENINGS fjlO3I DECEMBER
10TH TO 24TH
a ■■ if*
ff is a luxurious solid through train EVERY DAY 1&
MK IN THE YEAR, less than three days to Chicago «[a
MB over the only double-track railway between the U
If Missouri River and Chicago. Electric lighted II
II throu K hout « Two trains daily via the |n
II GHIGAGO, UNION PAGIFBG ||
11 AND NORTH-WESTERN LISyE. H
W Direct connection for St. Paul and Minneapolis. jJB
yfti Fast time. £/jjj
1^ The 'Best of Everything. E$
y8$L. For tickets, sleeping car reservations and full infor- Jy& -
mation apply to nearest ticket .^^*3Prfff^V
. ..'■'. • i - * ■
pSSZSfe t***2^3«^3 fjBfc "ycMewrfiBB\jS«tft35&jrT^P9^r»5 ■ SBv^Sbssbb^bb^^B %
Give useful articles. Something that lias a lastinsr valna, and will keen the donor In mind for year* to com*.
The Store on the Square will aupply you with tho beat the market affords in rUSHITTJRE. CABPETS. DBAPXXZE3.
RUGS. STOVES and RANGES at absolutely LOWEST PRICES. Come and make your selection. » We deliver whea
wanted. ' ■'-, / . -. - . .,■••:.- ••..•■.,. |^ >..•,.. -.....- . • . -.-
EOCK2E — Selected oak. golden. finish. Ban- **s #%n PABLOS CABHTET— And Music Cabinet combined. Ma-
ister* back, shaped seat, turned Nspindle^. infj.^j hogany finish. Inclosed curio cabinet; am- tf""%H r*g\
Price N» Wtfcii/ . pie shelf . room for music. Price »flZJ)e5U
PABX.OB TABLE— Quartered oak. golden tfJA nft LADIES' DESK— Quarter-sawed oak. golden <p-t1 «^F»
finish, shaped top. boxed. Legs rigidly J^V.3U finish. Interior, conveniently divided with \l| /*%
braced with shelf. Claw feet. Price. ** JX * ur T : pigeon holes and drawers. Price M***«fc«»*
caucus will agree on a reasonable
amount to meet the obligations S of
patronage. The sum of $6 for each As
semblyman of the majority would en
able the representative to place two of
his constituents on the pay roll at $3
per diem . each. -\ ■.*>-.
Lotcher's Case Not Yet Decided.
Judge Cook ''as not yet' rendered
his.jleclsion on the application for a
writ of habeas corpus for the release
from custody of George E. Letcher.
the San Jose capitalist, who is wanted
in Ohio on a charge of arson. The
copy of the indictment submitted to
the Governor on which, he Issued his
warrant of extradition was handed to
the Judge yesterday morning and he
found . that it contained the allegation
of a crime having been committed
contrary to the statutes and against
theipeace nnd ; dignity "of the State of
Ohio, which; was. wanting in the cer
tified • copy • originally placed v before
him. The Judge, however, pointed out
otherinconsistencies in the indictment
and said he would reserve his decision
till this morning as to whether the in
dictment was fatally defective as
urged by the counsel for petitioner.
Dr. McClish to Lecture.
i Dr. Ell McClish, president of the
University of the Pacific, will lecture
at the First United Presbyterian
Church, corner of. Golden Gate ave
nue and Polk street/to-morrow, even
ing . on "The Seer and His Visions."
Admission to the lecture will be free.
Find Stolen Goods in Room.
• The detectives who ; arrested Lizzie
Pierce two days ago for stealing In
the Emporium have discovered wear
ing apparel In her room which had
[ ApVERTIS^rEyTS. . _" ;
REDUCTION SALE
WAtL PAPER
. Si'. \--
To close .out. a large number of short lots. before stock-taking,
we shall offer special inducements for,the next two weeks at our
Mission-street store. "This sale will be especially attractive to those
who desire medium and hieh eradc papers at a very low price— les-
than half the reeular rates. The assortment is large, embracing ovr
fifty thousand rolls, among which are ordinary white^ blanks, gi f s,
tapestries, fancy stripes and two-tone effects of all colors.
It will pay;to purchase now for future requirements. It is \ .11
to bear in mind that those who call first will find the best assc t-
ments.
L. TOZER (& SON CO.
762 MISSION StREETv •
UNITED STATES BRANCH "
STATEAVENT
OF THS
CONDITION" AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
PHOENIX
ASSURANCE COMPANY) LIMITED,
OF LONDON. I
ON the 31st day of December, A. D. 1903,
and for -the year, enfllne on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of th«
Btate of California, pursuant to the provisions
of Sections 610. and «11 of the Political Code.
condensed as' per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner. . -^ If-"
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all • Steejw
and Bo*ds owned by Company.. $2,499,910 00
Cash in Company" s Office 1T3 44
Cash in Banks 300.883 33
Interest due and accrued "on all
Stocks and Loans ;: 32.1C3 00
Pj-emluma In due Course of Collec- ,-_,,. -.
Due from ether Companl»a for re- ■
Insurance on losses already paid. 2.643 13.
Total Assets ,<2.07S.911 93
LiAEii-rrrcs.
Lcsses adjusted and uapaid $66.43100
Lcs«es In process of Adjustment or _ _
hi Suspense • • • • • x 5r,'*S V?.
Lcs-ea resisted, lneludlnu -xp»n#es ; 2J,U«S) 00
Cross premiums on Fire P.!?K* run-.
nlng one year or 1**5. $1.0-15.-
•132 10- reinsurance £0 per cent. 972.716 01
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- j
ning more than one year. «1.6S7.- • _
"46 10; reln«urance pro rata.... SRS.8r>." 1.
Ftlnsurance, Premiums 41.814 2!>
All other Liabilities 3. 404 60
Total Liabilities '. .$2.118.4^1 02
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire „ B _
premiums • • -$—4.0.131 .4
Received for interest and dividend*
on Bond's. Stock*, l-caiu and
from all other sources' ...*.. M.SOfi 85
Profit on sale of Ledger Assets... 16.317 45
Total Income ..$2.5CS.S0« 04
EXPKXDTTTTREP. — ——
Net' amourt. t>aid for Fire Lo»se^
(including ?47."».tc:s 05. losses of
preview years) $1.4H3.-TM 4«
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage- '..A, 492.630 OC
Paid for Salarlfs. Fees snd other'
charges' for officers. . cler!:a. etc. 1C6.573 31
Paid for State. ■ National and I^ral - . »,
taxes ".".....■-.. ' -■...-' 74.40G Z2
All other csyments ard expendi-
tures •• v. 372.73-1 13
.Total Expenditures .'..$2.S71.48t SO
Fir*.
Ix-.ses Incurred during the year.. .$1..SX.1<2
Risks and. Premtums.l Fire Risks. | Premiums.''
Net amount of BlsksU ' ...
written during the
year $30«.8S1.4S7 $3.SS3.1S9 97
Net amount r.t Risk*
expired during the '
year 415,34,T.9U 4.242.«8 33
Net amount in force ' .
December 31. 1902. .",12.841.443 3,fi32.«rr8 20
A. D. IRVING. United States , Manager.
' Subscribed and sworn -' to before me. this
Ctih day of Jaaiiarv. . 1WM. »'
■y ; GEO. O. RUGER. Notary Public. .
PACIFIC COAST, DEPARTMENT. ;
200, PINE ST. , - ■ San [ Francisco; Gal.
W;!RYIN6,;6eii8ralJgsnt. .
R. GALIEGOS, Asst. General Agjnt.
ALBERT M.BEIIDER.Citj' Agcnl.' /
317 Calif oraia St.. San Francisco. CaL
been stolen from the establishment.
This morning she will be charged with
petty larceny. S. H. Hock, well
known as a bunko man. while visiting
the woman .In the City Prison yester
day, was detained by the police.
STATEMENT
OP THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THS—— "
PELICAN ASSURANCE
COMPANY
OP NEW YORK. Ui THK STATE OP JTEW
York, en the 31st day or December, A. D.
1903. and for the yemr ecdlcg on that day. aa
mad* to the Insurance Commissioner of ti»
State of California, pursuant to the prov1»!oiu
of sections 610 and 811 ot tho Political Cod*,
condensed, aa per blank furnished toy the Com-
mtasloner. ■ .
Amount ot Capital Stock, paid op
In cash (300.000 Q»
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company .'.|437. 90S 55
Cash in Banks 18.226 33
Interest due and accrued on all
Slocks and Leans 4.091 M
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 2S.40O 13
Due from other Companies for Ra-
lnaurance on losses already paid.. 2 73
Total Assets JIS3.S23 "U
LIABILITIES. ~
Losses adjusted and unpaid ...$ «.kh 00
Losses tn crccess of Adjustment or
. In Suspense 17,330 43
iMturs resisted, including expenses.. S0O 00
Gross Premiums on Fire Risks run- 1
• nine on* year or less. $232,087 14;
reinsurance 60 per cent .."... 118.483 H
Grcss Premiums on Fire Risks ran-
nlnj more than one year. $37,-
311 33; reinsurance pro rata...... M.83S 43
All other Liabilities ■ 9,368 2J
- ' ■
Total Liabilities A ..$2Ot.M2 64
INCOME. ~~"
Net cash actually received for STre •
Premiums $2<S>.3S8 03
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans and from
all ether sources ................ 12.744 34
Total Income 1282.330 M
KXPEXDrTTTRES.
Net amosnt paid for Flr« Lessee
(including- ' $23,833 17. ■ losses of
previous yean) $140,327 31
Paid * zx allowed tor Commission or
Brckenga ...., ; ..• 72.483 47
Paid fcr Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 2 1. "S3 37
Pa'd for State, National and Local
Taxes 9.165 74
All other, payments and expenditures 16.034 Ot
Total Expenditures $262.973 9O
Fire.
Losses Incurred dnrlnc the year.... $143, 704 «
Rl«ks and Premiums^ Fire Risks.- Premiums.
Net amount of Risk*
j2?£:-*3££! 134.924.C73 «40a. M Ot
Net amount of Risks
; C9.732.2is .messo
Ket amount in force .
December 31. 19«3 31.236.856. 3C0.278 63
\ 1>. IRVING. President. "' .
• LOUIS P. BAYARD. Secretary.
Subscribed ami sworn to before at, this
27th day of January. '. 1SOI.
GEO. O. RUGER. Notary Public
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.
200 PINE STREET,
SAX FRANCISCO, CAI»
W. IRVING. General Agent.
' R. 6ALLEG3S, Assistant Ganeral Agjit.
78
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS » • Proprietor
ADDRESS ALL, COMMUNICATIONS TO
JOHN McNAUGHT • ■ Manager
PUBLICATION OmCB THIRD AND MARKET STREETS, SAN FRANCISCO
THURSDAY DECEMBER 15, 1904
THE SPIRIT OF THE MESSAGE.
TIME enough has gone by to enable consideration of the Presi
dent's message, in the light of the comment and criticism which
followed its deliver}-. The conclusion is that the message marks
a new epoch in our national history and in the condition of the
world. The opportunities of life here have been so extended and
developed and wrought out upon our abundant resources as to make
necessary less guardianship over the gaining of wealth and more over
its use. We have reached the parting of the ways and the final test
of free institutions. The very abundance of our natural resources
and the ready conversion of potential into present wealth make ne
cessary an extensive regulation of the power, which wealth can ex
ercise. Human nature being what it is, power will be riotously used
by its possessor, if the use be unrestrained.
Property has been accumulated here more rapidly than else
where and is more generally distributed because the country's latent
wealth is great, and its laws have perfectly protected the rights of
property. The law represents the judgment of society as to what
shall be held as property. The day being here in which the law must
regulate the power of property, two schools of thought are open at
the parting of the ways. Socialism is there crying out for govern
ment ownership of all the means of acquisition and distribution, and
for an equal division of the acquired wealth of the country. Taking
advantage of the economic principle that property exists at all only
in the assent of society, this school proposes that the social assent
to the existence of property shall be withdrawn, and all laws pro
tecting it repealed.
Xo one denies that that would be a. remedy. It is a proposition
to remove all danger from the power of property by destroying
property, abolishing private ownership and bestowing everything
upon everybody. This remedy, however, proposes that human energy
and enterprise and skill shall continue without the incentive of
personal acquisition. So it means the impossible and the impractica
ble. It means the stagnation of society, the rapid necrosis of energy
and the decline of effort to a minimum. But it is a remedy the evils
of which are in its future and unseen by those who support it.
Over against this is a school of politics, not partisanship, but
politics, of which President Roosevelt is the leader and exponent.
As such leader his message is written. Its spirit affirms that the
law has done well by promoting the creation and ownership of prop
erty; that the law has not thereby created a Frankenstein to turn and
destroy its creator, but that the creative function shall now be supple
mented by the regulative function, which shall place metes and
bounds around the power of property, and within them continue to
promote its acquisition and enjoyment.
It is in its corporate form that property has the greatest power.
Therefore its regulation in that form is the first necessity. The Pres
ident develops in high relief the function of the new Department of
Commerce in this connection. It has not come to destroy but to
fulfill. The law having created property for a good purpose, bene
ficial to the citizen, now comes on its mission of fulfillment, to carry
out the good purpose of property, not by destruction but by co
operation. The President leaves no ground possible of occupation in
opposition to him except that taken by Socialism. Every citizen
who is not a Socialist must stand with Roosevelt. There is no mid
dle ground. His message absolutely eliminates the actual Demo
cratic partv bv absorbing: it.
The President has advanced the political frontier until it is the
line between the two great schools — on one side a representative
democratic republic, led by the President ; on the other Socialism with
its banner inscribed "Property is robber}'." No genuine Jeffersonian
Democrat hesitates a minute as to where he belongs. His place is
beside the President, and that party disappears as a party and joins
the force which has uttered, through the President, the political gos
pel of the new epoch, "What the law has created the law must reg
ulate and discipline and not destroy." Men must now study the
politics of the new epoch, just as in 1896 their fears compelled them
to stud}' finance. The past is rolled up like a scroll. The anti-
British politics, that long survived the Revolution, is no more. The
sentimental politics that began in John Quincy Adams' defense of
the right of petition, and ended in the Civil War, is no more. The
sectional politics that followed that struggle and made its gibber and
jangle and tuneless inharmony pass for principles so long is no
more. We are face to face with a new phase in our national life and
a new issue. It has emerged out of conditions that have been our
pride and boast. It is the evolution of our natural resources ind
man's best opportunity, joined.
The President declares that that which came from a good
cause, for a good purpose, need not be, destroyed, lest it work
harm. It is our part to prove that free, representative government,
under universal suffrage, can deal with all problems that its freedom
has caused, with all property its laws have promoted, with all power
subordinate to its sovereignty, by conserving and regulating and not
by destroying. The President is the leader ; fall in !
The message is wonderfully illuminative of th'e political situa
tion. It is a classifying document, a stroke of political chemistrv
that discloses affinities. It puts Mr. Bryan and all his school, advo
cating government ownership of production and distribution, with
the Socialists, where they belong. They have been tum-tumming
partisan catgut under the national windows in the twilight as narm
less troubadours. The President's message is the policeman's dark
lantern turned on them and revealing them as porch climbers and
not minstrels.
So Roosevelt has not only disclosed a new epoch, new duties,
new dangers, but he has done what no man has done before him:
he has compelled and dictated the partisan alignment of the future.
WHEN THE RAINMAKER WORKS.
WE of the rainy belt will all watch with sympathetic interest
the promised work of the. new "rainmaker" in Los Angeles.
Wjth admirable assurance he has announced that before the
first of next May he will have extracted eighteen inches of moisture
from the azure skies of the southland : failing:, he will retire from
business and let niggardly nature handle her own precipitations.
Something in the proximity of $1000 as a side bet, contributed by
some of the Los Angelenos of sporting proclivities, adds jest to this
experimentation with the atmosphere.
Everybody has hopes of the ultimate s'uecess of the rain con
juror except the weather prophets. To them this tampering with
the immutable formulas of the elements can but strike terror to tSe
heart and call up vague fears for the peace of the skies elsewhere
Supposing, they argue, that this young man of Los Angeles lets off
chemical bombs in the cerulean vault and succeeds thereby in start
ing a miniature storm center to swirling over the desert, what will
happen in other portions of the heavenly territory? This sudden
condensation of the atmosphere over Southern California might sur
prise Kansas zephyrs into a little twister; the Oregon chinook might
be deflected to Cape Cod and its four feet of snow would disappear
in a breath; the gentle blizzard of the Dakotas, once disturbed out
of it's chosen territory, might make State street, Chicago, look like
Deadwood on a frosty morning. This tinkering with storm clouds
outdares Prometheus himself, say they.
But do they think of the glad surprise that must surely attend
eighteen inches of home-made rain down in the south? The gentle
Moqui, unwashed child "of the desert, must of necessity enjoy the
mysteries of his first bath. The labor-loving Mexican "will for the
first time learn that the roof of his 'dobe dwelling is not designed to
keep out sun alone and he will knock off. work on the section gan<*
to sit and watch the leaks leak. The peaceful cow-puncher will.mar
vel greatly, then look at the skies through numerous and various
glasses and shoot up the old town. Verily the varied display of
human emotions attendant upon this promised rainstorm will in itself
be worth the cost of producing it \
THE SAN FRANCISCO -GALL; THURSDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1904.
LOVE IS BOTH AN ELEMENT
AND COMPOUND OF ELEMENTS
By Dorothy F^nimore
IS LOVE an entity? Or Is it com
posed of the various elements of
mind and spirit?
This query, which has been put
to me by a reader of The Call, I
am going to answer in Yankee
fashion, by a question of my own. Do
not both of the descriptions given
fit love well?
As the chief of human passions, love
is a single, a separate, thing. One may
consider it apart from the lover, as
a mighty influence on mortal destiny.
But, as the unified expression of the
entire being, it is made up of many
elements; it is the very self of the one
who loves.
In some respects the case is similar
to that of a musician's music or of a
painter's or a sculptor's art. Here the
technique Is one thing and the immor
tal soul behind it is another. Either
attribute may be judged separately;
but it takes both together to reveal the
artist's genius. The man is the instru
ment of his art; but, equally, the art
is the instrument of the man.
In love, the similar relationship is
.more intimate, more personal. Love
without the lover is an idea devitalized.
And, on the other hand, it means little
to say that a man loves, unless the
quality of his performance is stated or
implied.
In his book of e»says called "The
Kinship of Nature,"? Bliss Carmen at
tempts a detailed definition of love.
I KNOW NOT WHY
I I '.ft mine eyes against the sky
The clouds are weeping, so am I;
I lift mine eyes again on hlsth;
The sun Is smllinK, so am I.
Why do 1 smile? Why do I weep?
I do not know; it lies too deep.
I hear the winds of autumn sigh,
They break my heart, they make me cry;
I hear the birds of lovely spring,
My hopes revive, I help them sing.
Why- do I sing? Why do I cry?
It lies so deep. I know not why.
—Philadelphia Record.
NATURE
Walking out one day we met a fine
woman.
"I am Nature." said she, pleasantly.
We expressed our gratification, and
complimented her on the looks of the
woods and fields.
"Oh, yes," said Nature. "The arti
ficial digestion of food lets me out of a
lot of confining, thankless work, and
enables me to- get outdoors more."
We remarked that it seemed to agree
with her, whereat she thanked us, and
passed on. — Puck.
TOO MUCH PROGRESS
The City Council of Venice has voted
to buy several electric launches to be
used on the canals. The City Council of
Venice ought to be dumped into the
canals. The gondola should reign un
challenged in Venice, where, as in Flor
ence, every "modern improvement" is
an anachronism and an impertinence.
Florence has been much spoiled and
despoiled. Venice has lost the Cam
panile and gained the electric launch. —
With the . Procession. Everybody's
Magazine for December. .'•..
JUST SMILES
NEEDED POSTING.
Pat — That spellbinder last noight said
he knew no North, South, East or
West.*<|pg§B
Mike— And what did you tell him?
Pat— I told him he ought to study his
geography a bit.
Love, he says, is composed of three
parts. First, there is what we call the
physical element, that unreasoned,^ in
comprehensible attraction for another
which often' draws us In spite of our
better judgment and bur finer instinct.
The second constituent is spiritual; it
partakes of the nature of worship and
reverence. It leads to those beautiful,
enduring acts of devotion which are so
commonly associated with the idea of
love. But pride is the third constituent
of the passion of love. This is the men
tal manifestation of it. "No love," says
the essayist, "is complete without
pride. In the relations of men .and
women, pride is the savor of love."
There is an illustration in the pretty
story of Charlemagne's answer to a
courtier, who asked him whether he
held King Meliadus or his son Tristan
to be the better maiv. Thus replied the
emperor, wisely: "King Meliadus was
the better man, and I will tell you
why. As far as I can see, everything
that Tristan did was done for love, and
his great feats would never have been
done save under the constraint of love,
which his spur and goad. Now,
this same thing can never be said of
King Meliadus. For what deeds he did
he did them not by dint of love, but by
dint of his strong right arm. Purely
out of his own goodness he did good,
and not by constraint of love." ,
All this discussion is profitable in its
own way. It makes us entertainment
over the teacups; it is a good subject,
for speculation in a lonely idle hour.
But when we come down to the truth
of the matter, does it mean much more
to' you and to me than mere words and
a pleasant story? What really con
cerns us is not love as we reason it out,
not love as the romance depicts it for
us, but love as we feel it— the dream,
the ecstacy, the strong, exultant thrill.
Preservation of Flowers.
Professor Constantine Gregory of
Naples has discovered a new chemical
process for the preservation of flowers
and leaves which has won a silver
medal from the Neapolitan Institute
for the Advancement of Science.
Plant leaves as - difficult of preser
vation as those of the orchid and the
begonia have been kept wonderfully
well by this method, and Professor
Gregory is hopeful of preserving even
fungi in a remarkably natural condi
tion.
Jiistlcc for Dandies.
The man who nowadays desires to
beautify his clothes either in color or
cut — knee breeches and silk stockings,
for instance — is generally suspected of
effeminacy. The suspicion may be well
founded, but at the same time, says
the Westminster Gazette^, we are
bound to admit that the teaching of
history does not confirm the idea that
any lack of manly qualities is the
necessary accompaniment of silks,
satins, velvets and lace.. '.
THE MODERN FIREMAN
The chief disconcerting feature of the
problem is to procure a man who will
be sufficiently muscled to withstand the
heavy manual labor at' present imposed
upon the fireman of the modern mas
todonic locomotive, and who at the
same time possesses the mental caliber
for locomotive engineer duty when his
time comes for promotion. This ideal
specimen of modern fireman must be
a man to whom nature has been un
usually kind in her endowment of both,
physical and mental strength. This
particular combination is distressingly
rare; hence, this troublesome feature of
the problem. — Railway and Locomotive
Engineering.
GETTING UNPOPULAR
"Sound the retreat!" roared the Rus
sian -officer.
The bugler could do naught but obey.
"Geeski! But I'm sorry for the poor
devils," he muttered. "They've heard
this tune so often that I'd be willing to
bet ten yen against an emergency
tion that they'd encore 'Bedelia' if -I
dared blatt it." — Town Topics.
COMPARISONS.
Little Sister ; (studying her grammar
lesson)— How can you i compare the
words '"beautiful girl?"
Big Brother (absent-mindedly)—Posi
tive you call,'' comparative you propose,
superlative she accepts. ■
FOR ART'S
SAKE.
By Izola Merrifield.
IT WAS nobody's fault but her own.
Whenever trouble came a-knock
ing at Philippa's door, all kind
friends raised hands of innocence
to the skies and declared .thank
fully that it was nobody's fault
but her own.
"He had no earthly right to raise
his hat and smile when I met him in
the elevator."
"He had every right in the world,"
"Before I go I want to know
if I may tell her."
contradicted Elizabeth calmly. "If
I had been in his place I should have
come right down and called on you,
after you had acted like a love-lorn
lunatic, Philippa."
"It was not lunacy! It was inspira
tion!"" Philippa half turned from the
piano to argue. "You weren't in the
studio at the time, Beth, and you don't
know a blessed thing about it. I
wasn't even practicing. I was clean
ing up."
Elizabeth smiled. She had seen
Philippa's cleaning up process. It
meant the hustling of everything dis
orderly out of sight, -under the divan,
behind the wardrobe, anywhere at all,
so long as it was unseen.
And he sang my pet duet from 'II
Trovatore.' Beth, it was splendid.
You poor old heathen, you don't ap
preciate music u bit. .->«! you can in
derstand are a tew oily dauby-daubs,
or a pen-and-ink , sketch, but if you
had only heard him- — -"
"If I had heard him I don't think
that I should have flown to the win
dow, and warbled back an answer up
a New York air shaft." \
"I don't care." Philippa's tone was
lofty, and her attitude belligerent. "I
didn't care a rap about him personal
ly, and I hadn't the slightest idea
what he looked like, but the voice was
divine. It was the voice of 'Manrico*
calling, and 'Leonora' answered it for
art's sake."
"Well, 'Leonora' had better attend
to her cleaning up and mind her own
business. Now she hasn't any cause
for complaint at all, because 'Manrico'
raises his hat to her in the elevator
and says !howdy' in neighborly fash
ion. Are you sure that it was 'Man
rico?' "
"Oh, yes. He looks it," Philippa
spoke with vague enthusiasm. "And
Lafayette says that he Is the new one
in the studio over ours."
"Well, you had better send Lafay
ette a little printed slip to post up in
his elevator:
"'Students may sing grand opera
duets through the air shaft, but any
promiscuous greetings in elevator will
be followed by eviction.' "
"I suppose the poor fellow was so
amazed and delighted when he saw
how completely I fulfilled his ideal of
'Leonora' that he lost his presence of
mind." Philippa could be as sweetly,
simply and contentedly vain as Nar
cissus among the water lilies.
■j "Presence of mind is never lost."
Elizabeth added a high light dalntily
to the left eye of an Italian fruit ven
dor on the canvas before her. "It is
mislaid. As long as he didn't lose his
heart he needn't worry."
j Philippa laughed and ran her fin
gers teasingly over the piano keys.
"I ,think he is worrying," she said.
But there .were no more duets
through the air shaft. If the occupant
of- studio 5, on the third floor, hap
pened to be practicing her trills and
quavers .the occupant of studio 7, on
the fourth floor, sat by his open win
dow and listened, and when a full,
rich tenor floated down from studio 17
Philippa would tiptoe to the window
and listen also and be glad and proud
in a way, because somewhere in the
golden to-morrows of hope success lay
snugly and surely tucked away for
the .tall, brown-eyed boy who dared
to greet' "Leonora" in the elevator.
He had "dared" only once. Long
after even Elizabeth deigned to. bow
a comradely good day to him, Philip
pa passed on her own way, a slim, ar
rogant, blonde young person In gray
velvet and squirrel furs. Elizabeth
preserved a graceful posture on the
neutral fence. | Warring factions were
not ■'. in her line,' but when she was
sending out invitations for the month
ly: Dutch picnic in studio 5 she did
not think it amiss to send one up to
studio 17.
Philippa was , passing club sand
wiches when Bobble Clarkson intro
duced her to the tall, brown-eyed
boy. ' She did not drop the tray. She
merely smiled most graciously and
asked if Mr. Eliot liked club sand
wiches made of a celestial combina
tion of chicken salad, chopped al
monds, olives, - deviled ham and to
basco sauce.
It appeared that Mr. Eliot did. In
fact, ; he paced after the dispenser of
celestial' sandwiches all around the
studio ,in a deliberate, determined,
man ' overboard ! fashion, most dlscon-
THE SMART SET
BY SALLY SHARP.
The luncheon given to Miss Charlotte
Wilson yesterday by Mrs. Alexander
D. Keyes was ap affair thoroughly en
joyable throughout. The color device,
red, was continued through all details,
American Beauty roses, name cards
and candelabra giving out this- rich
hue. Ten guests were bidden and
their pleasure was fully apparent dur
ing the entire affair. The following
were present: Mrs. Danforth BoaroT
man. Miss Charlotte Wilson, Miss
Margaret Hyde-Smith, Miss Ursula
Stone, Miss Maud Payne, Miss Azalea
Keyes, Miss Emily Wilson Miss
Maisee Langhorne, Miss Carol Moore.
The Sequoia Club members were
never more delightfully entertained
than on this last Tuesday evening,
when a harmonious contingent was
present. The hostesses, Mrs. H. E.
Huntington. Mrs. Linda Bryan and
Miss Spieker gave charming hospitality
and succored the Interests of the;
friends and guests most successfully.
Mrs. Theodore J. Hay was the guest
of honor at a luncheon given yester
day by Mrs. William Alfred Rogers.
Mrs. Hay is visiting San Francisco
from the East and will be the recipient
of many teas and luncheons during her
stay. Polnsettlas graced the table, at
which were seated the following
guests: Mrs. Theodore Hay, 'Mrs.
Spencer Buckbee, Mrs. Grant Self
ridge, Mrs. Worthlngton Ames, Mrs.
Stanley Stillman, Mrs. Sllcox, Mrs. Earl
Brownell, Mrs. Edward Pond.
Mr. and Mrs. Downey Harvey and
Miss Anita Harvey will entertain to
day at an elaborate tea. Many invi
tations have been issued and an enjoy
ble affair will be the result.
Miss Marjorie Josselyn was the guest
of honor at a dinner given last even
ing by Mr and Mrs. William Bourn.
Miss Carol Moore will gather her
friends about her on New Year's eve
for a jolly dance and informal enter
taining. Though many have been
asked, all formality will be dispensed
with, and the young people are looking
forward anxiously for the date.
Mrs. James C. Sims will entertain to
day at her home, 914 Union street. This
Is the first reception given by Mrs. Sims
since returning from her wedding trip.
An afternoon of enlightenment and
pleasure was given yesterday at the
home of Mrs. Breeze, Sutter and Frank-
streets. Mrrie. Zanzi Mussini, a Floren
tine woman of letters, gave an instruc-
ANSWERS TO QUERIES
MATRIMONIAL AGENCIES — J. C.
Visalia, Cal. As matrimonial agen
cies are not public institutions this
department cannot advertise them.
CALIFORNIA'S POPULATION— A.
O. S., City. There has not been a cen
sus of the population of the State of
California since the official one of 1900,
when the population was given as
1,485,058. Since then estimates place
the population at 1,800,000. .
ACTION FOR DAMAGES— R., Davis
ville, Cal. If any one sustains dam
ages through the acts or neglect of a
county official the party affected or
parties in law empowered so to do
have a right to sue the county for the
recovery of compensation for damages
sustained- As to the particular mat
ters contained in the letter of inquiry
such would have to be submitted to
an attorney for his advice.
NATIONAL HOLIDAYS — A. D.
McK., Paris, Cal. There are no na
tional holidays in the United States.
There are legal holidays which are ob
served in all States and Territories,
such as Sunday, New Year's day,
Washington's birthday. Memorial day,
Fourth of July, Labor day, Christmas,
Thanksgiving day and day of general
election, but all such days are so de
clared by v the Legislature of each
State and not by Congress. That body
passes laws of that kind only for the
District of Columbia.
NAVAL ORDNANCE — Constant
Reader, Yountville, Cal. The United
States naval ordnance table says that
the charge for a three-inch gun is five
pounds of smokeless powder and a
certing to the dispenser, until he final
ly cornered her in the Japanese alcove
and forcibly finished up the remaining
sandwiches himself.
. "And he never even said a word
about the ,duet," Philippa answered
later, when she sat, like a Hindoo idol
in a pink kimona on the bed and
thoughtfully reviewed the evening.
"He's a gentleman and a scholar. And
Bobbie saps he's all right. Solid, old
Maryland family and all that sort of
thing. First name's Marbury, Mar
bury Eliot. He has only been in New
York a couple of months and he
doesn't like it very well. He thinks
it's lonesome. He says we're conser
vative and clanish."
. "There's a good remedy. Tell him
to be a clam unto himself."
Philippa shied a pillow at the scof
fer.
"Goose," she said. "Can't you see?
He wants to belong to my clan. I'm
going to the Czacga concert with him
to-morrow." -,~*-~.
"See? Of course I see," quoth
Elizabeth. VOne Philippa Yates,
founder of the Society for the Pre
vention of Lonesomeness to Strangers
in New York, providing said strangers
are' gentlemen and scholars, from solid
old families and can sing duets and
eat club sandwiches for art's safe. I
see the end."
But- Philippa only smiled and was
silent. It had been a most entertain
ing and Interesting twenty minutes
spent In the Japanese corner. One's
point of view on life in general may
alter considerably even in twenty min
utes. - -^ -
It was two weeks after the Czarga
concert. Philippa came out of the
Metropolitan Opera-house as Eliot
swung tip Broadway. It had begun to
snow at sundown and there was the
lull In traffic that comes on the great
White Way between dinner time and
the hour when the curtain rises. She
tive discourse upon the poets of Italy.
Also a linguist, Mme. Zanzi will at dif
ferent times lecture in French, Italian
and German. ■ flmmj
The seventh annual reception and ex
hibition of the pupils of I* P. Latlmer
opened yesterday afternoon in the ma
ple room. Palace Hotel. Many visitors
attended, and the evening's view waa
diversified by music under the manage
ment of Henry Heyman, the follow lr.g
soloists taking part: Henry Heyman,
Mrs. Richard Rees, Miss Hazel Gilbert.
Miss Persis Goodman and Garner Sten
house. »
Percy Pettigrew and Dr. A. J. Hini
ker, who are both interested in mines at
Gol'dfleld. will be home for the holidays.
Dr. Hinlker will return about the 20th
and Mr. Pettigrew, with Mr. and Mrs.
Lemman (Helen Pettigrew),* will spend
Christmas in the Callaghan home.
Dr. and Mrs. W. J. Younger are liv
ing in Paris at the Hotel Elysee Palace.
Lieutenant and Mrs. John Franklin
Babcock are at the home of Mr. and
Mrs. Charles Parmelee Eells.
Colonel Max Mayfleld of Boise. Idaho,
is In town, the guest of Mr. and Mrs.
L. M. Kaiser.
The Valentine Holt Society of the
Children of the American Revolution
will give a dance in Century Hall to
morrow evening. These affairs, annual
ly, are usually given at Easter, but an
exception has been made for the com
ing event. The patronesses are: Mrs.
A- S. Hubbard, president; Mrs. Charles
A. Warren, State director; Mrs. Wil
liam T. Baggett. Mrs. W. B. Carr,
Mrs. G. E. Mayhew, Mrs. Thomas Bon
ner.
Bridge was the motive of a party
given yesterday afternoon by Mrs. Wil
liam G. Irwin. The players enthusi
astically enjoyed the game. •which
brought to the winning contestants
beautiful prizes. Mrs. Irwin's guests
were: Mrs. William Hinckley Taylor.
Mrs. Gale. Mrs. James Carolan. Mrs.
William Prentice Morgan. Mrs. Henry
L. Dodge, Mrs. Chauncey Boardman.
Mrs. George Moore, Mrs. James Pot
ter Langhorne, Miss Jennie Hooker,
Miss Minnie Houghton, Mrs. Freeborn,
Mrs. McKinstry, Mrs. Southard Hoff
man.
To-night the piano recital of Miss
Cecil Cowles takes place in .Steinway
Hall. This talented child has the en-
couragement and patronage of many of
our leading society people.
14-pound projectile; eight-Inch gun,
from 105 to 115 pounds of brown
powder or 115 pounds of smokeless
powder for a 250-pound projectile;
twelve-inch gun, 425 pounds of brown
powder for an 850-pound projectile,
and from 230 to 350 pounds of smoke
less powder for a projectile weighing
850 to 1100 pounds. The figures quot
ed in the letter of inquiry show the
aggregate of powder and projectile
used to fire one round of an the guns
on the vessel.
WORDS IN USE— Subscriber, City.
The vocabulary of those who speak
and write the English language is
small compared with the number of
words in a dictionary. Dr. Bloom
laugh, In "Gleanings for the Curious.*"
says: "Dictionary English is some
thing very different, not only from col-
Icqulal English, but even from that of
ordinary written composition. There
is probably no author in the Ianguaga
from whose wcrks. however volumin
ous, so many as 10,000 words could be
collected. We would be surprised to
find, if we counted them, with how
small a number of words we managa
to express all that we have to say,
either with our lips or with our pen.
Our common literary English probably
hardly amounts to 10,000 words; our
common spoken English hardly to
5000."
Townsend'a California Glace fraita hj
artistic nre-etched boxes. 715 Market st
and Wakelee's Drug Store. •
Special information supplied dally td
business houses and publlo men bj tha
Press Clipplnc Bureau (Allen's), 30 Call*
tomla street. Telephone Main 1043; «
was tucking a couple of "II Trovatore"
tickets into her handbag when ha
greeted her.
"They're for Beth and me." she told
him, happily. "We live on strawberry
Jam and crackers when the opera Is ia
full blast. Do you know, I never go
there but I wonder when my turn will
come, don't you?"
He did not answer her directly. They
had crossed to the Sixth avenue ele
vated and were walking along beside
Bryant Park to the station before ha
spoke to her. •
I am going home this week to spend
Christmas with my mother In Mary
land, and before I go — "
A vagrant wind sweDt down upon
them, and Philippa bent her head side
ways to avoid Its sting. As she did so,
her eyes met his in one swift glance.
She was not smiling now. Her face was
aglow with a curious, half-frightened
expectancy.
"Let's hurry." she said. "It's so cold."
He stopped short where only an audi
ence of sleepy cab horses could listen.
♦ !7L efor t l go * want to know lf 1 ma y
tell her that next year you will go home
with me."
Cab "horses are very discreet. They
did not even hear the answer.
"But it won't happen until next
Christmas, of course." Philippa ex
plained over a cup of Ceylon In the
studio that evening.
Xntil •Manrico' has won fame and
fortune singing to his lady love at the
Metropolitan?" asked JHlzabeth
Philippa stirred in another lump' of
sugar demurely.
"Oh, Marbury doesn't sing at all.
Beth." she said. "That was his room
mate, Grahame Moore, who sang the
duet with me. Marbury is an artist."
And Elizabeth, after one long look of
enlightenment, smiled In fashion wise,
"For. art's sake," she said sererely.
"Fudge!" (Copyright, 1304. by laola
Merrifleld.)MONNIER LIABLE
FOR PERJURY
Admits on the Stand That
His Testimony in the Di
. voice Trial Was Untrue
ASSAULTS HIS FATHER
'JVlls of Breaking a Cane
Over Parent's Head to
Save Himself a Beating
Th» Monni^r will contest in Judge
Graham's court yesterday took a se
rious aspect for iho contestant, George
Monnier, when he testified that he had
deliberately given false testimony some
time ago in the divorce proceedings in
stituted against his wife, Violet Mon
nicr. Attorney George D. Collins also
fcrcr-d the witness to admit that he
was compelled to leave the city at that
'time to avoid arrest for perjury in con
nection with his application for a mar
riage license. He also admitted that he
w&a engaged to a young woman of
tseaca at the same time he waa en
gaged to his present wife, and that he
broke his word with the young woman
of rneana when he got married to an
other.
Ycurg Monnier was on the stand all
day yesterday and during a greater
part of tiie session was subjected to an
exhaustive and penetrating cross-ex
amination by Attorney Collins. He was
made to repeat in detail the particulars
• BX every quarrel that ever took place
between himself and the members of
his family and to tell of the troubles
with his wife. He told in detail what
be said was the only serious quarrel
with his father, in which both sides
used weapons, George Monnier break
ing a cane over his father's head and
wounding him. Collins at
tempted to make the witness admit that
it was this blow that hastened his
father's death, but witness evaded a di
rect answer.
. The witness was also questioned as
to his marriage with Violet Monnier
and his subsequent separations from
her for various lengths of time. During
his examination Tuesday by Attorney
'Koche. Monnier said that the reason he
separated from his wife was through
the influence exerted by his mother.
■ When Collins resumed the cross"-ex
urcinauon yesterday he asked Monnier
Again for the cause of his separation
and received the same answer. Then
Collins referred to the testimony of the
witness given at the time of the divorce
proceedings, in which he swore that he
separated from his wife because she
**fired" him out of the house and re
fused to live with him.
"Is this statement the truth?" asked
Collins.
"•No." replied Monnier. "it is false.
I lpft my wife because of my mother's
influence."
"Then this statement made by you
;:nder oath at the time of the divorce
111*1 is false?"
. "Yes."
"Did you know that you were swear
ing falsely?"
. "Yes."
Throughout the questions asked by
Collins both Sullivan an* Roche con
stantly objected, but their objections
were overruled by the court. The
mtthod of cross-examination by Col
lins and the introduction of Monnier's
testimony at the trial were both
strenuously objected to.
It was shown that Monnier Jr. had
left the city during annulment pro
<?«.-edir.gs instigated by Monnier Sr. to
avoid arrest for perjury, he having
eworn falsely as to his age at the time
of marriage.
Monnier then testified to the seri
ous quarrel between himself and his
father in ISO 2. The elder Monnier
v.as working in the garden when his
son made & disparaging remark that
fingered the old man. Seizing a gar
den implement, Monnier chased his
son into the house and struck him on
the shoulder. Young Monnier grabbed
a cane to defend himself and succeed
ed so well that he broke the cane
across his father's head.
Collins then attempted to make the
witness admit that this blow hastened
his father's death from cerebral apo
plexy and asked Monnier if he had
ever heard his father say to his moth
er. "Anna, take these two pieces of
cane and put them in my coffin when
I die." The witness said he heard no
6uch remark. He added that he and
his father effected a reconciliation the
mcralng after the quarrel.
Ccllins further attempted to recall
■to the witness an alleged accusation
l>y his father of stealing money from
his mother's dress and alleged assaults
on his father with cha!rs. bottles and
a stove lifter. All these allegations
the witness evasively den fed. The
case will gt> on this morning at 10
o'clock.
IXTAXT MAY HAVE
SWALLOWED POISON'
Coroner to Investigate Death of Bea
. trie* Sidlowsld to Determine If
Carbolic Add Was Taken.
■ Beatrice Sidlowski, the two-year-old
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Z. Sidlowski
of 2602 Sacramento street, died yester
day morning under circumstances that
obliged Coroner Leland to order an
inquest. The child was suffering with
croup, and at 4 o'clock in the morning
Mr. SidiowEki got out of bed to ad
minister a dose of hive syrup to the
child. He lighted a candle and poured
out a teaspoonftil of what he believed
to be the svrup and handed it to the
mother. As Mrs. Sidlowski was
placing the spoon to the child's lips
she smelled carbolic acid and took
Ihe spoon away again.
The mother is positive that the
child took no part of the acid. At 6
o'clork the infant died. An autopsy
will be h*»Id to-day to determine the
cause of death. The acid and the hive
syrup were kept in similar bottles on
the same table.
nrsTOM-iiorsE plans objected to.—
Objections are bein* made to details of the
plans for th* n*w Custom -house, because some
«f the offleMs situated on the same floor In the
;.r»«*nt Cuctora-house will be on different floors
ir tjj« n*-w building, thus necessitating: up
*■?. rr and downstairs trir* by brokcrsv and
cthw*. Tb« objections will be laid before tha
Treasury Department.
* GRAPK-XUTS.
A New Flavor
FOR BREAKFAST
GRAPB M UTS FOOD
Famishes the Carbohydrates
in form of Post Sugar, valu-
able tor Athletes, Brain . . .
Workers or hral/ds. . -
AT GROCERS. TRIAL PROVES.
PRETTY GIRL WITH
A VOICE THAT
ENTRANCES.
MISS JUDITH HATES. A SAN
FRANCISCO SOPRANO WHO IS
MAKING A SUCCESS.
Miss Judith* Hayes, who is to appear
at the Columbia Theater in "The Bil
lionaire," has scored wonderful tri
umphs for a girl of IS. In one sea
son h«»r clear soprano voice and her
beauty have made her an indispens
able member of the troupe. This is
her first season in comic opera and
may be her last, for -judges of music
recognize untold possibilities in her
voice. She will go to Europe to study
for Krand opera. .-:
Miss Hayes, who is Miss Hogan off
the stage, is a San Francisco girl, the
daughter of a retired capitalist of this
city. She received her education in
the local public schools and gave
early evidence of musical genius. She
would have left for Europe this year,
but Sam Thall, manager of "The Bil
lionaire," begged her to remain until
the end of the season. It is predicted
that when Miss Hayes completes her
musical education San Francisco will
be still prouder of its gifted daughter.
CAPTAIN* RITTEIVS DEATH
PARTLY HIS OWN FAULT
President McKinley's Commanding
Officer During the War Subject
of Coroner's Investigation.
During a portion of the Civil Wax
Martin V. RiUer was captain in an
Ohio regiment and in his company
and obeying his orders dutifully was
a private soldier named William Mc-
Kinley. The ' private" soldier became
President of the United States and
was killed by an assassin. The cap
tain became a customs inspector in
the San Francisco Custom-house -and
was killed on November 29 of this
year by beingr run over by a railway
train. In the inquest on the veteran's
body yesterday a Coroner's Jury re
turned a verdict that his death was
due "partly to his own carelessness
in standing on the track where trains
occasionally pass and partly to the
ne&ligrence of the employes of the
Southern Pacific Company in not giv
ing proper warning."
AUTOMOBILES TESTED
FOR POSTAL USES
Collections From Street letter Boxes
Will Be Made in Motor Vehicles
and in Wagons.
Postmaster Fisk. Henry B. Hall and
A. H. Stevens, the commission ap
poinjed by the Postmaster General to
report upon certain improvements in
the postal service in this city, made a
test of automobiles yesterday in visit
ing the several substations in the city.
To-day the test will be continued.
Regular collections from the street
boxes and sub-stations will be made
and the time carefully noted. The ex
periment is not for the purpose of de
termining the speed of ons make of
automobile over that of another, but
of arriving at a comparison of the
utility of automobiles as compared
with wagons. After s the automobile
tests shall have been completed the
commission will go over the same
ground with wagons.
Daughter Also .Made Loans.
Suit was begun yesterday by Addie
Clark Norton against Mathilde R.
Cords for the recovery of $2650 on
four promissory notes for money
leaned in 1901. Mrs. Norton is a
daughter of the late Ann Clark and
as one of her heirs Is co-plairttiff in
another suit against Mrs. Cords to re
cover $18,225 borrowed from Mrs.
Clark. •:
New York Life Policyholders
Should read the analysis of the New York
Ufe financial methods in the current
numbers of the Era Magazine; 10 cents,
all news stands. •
Watchman Killed by a Fall.
Phineas Hudson, a night watch
man at the St. Dunstan's apartment
house, A'an Xess avenue and Sut
ter street, was killed by a fall at an
early hour yesterday morning. From
the surroundings where the man was
found It is evident that Hudson fell
from a' ladder leading Into the base
ment. When found by Policeman
Casey the man was lying in an un
conscious condition at the bottom of
the ladder, with his night lamp burn
ing alongside on the floor and the
crown of his " derby hat crushed in.
Hudson was taken to the Emergency
Hospital. Dr. C. A. Glover pro
nounced his Injuries fatal .because of
a fracture of the base of the skull.
Hudson died a few hours later. He
is believed to have been a member of
the G. A. R. He lived at 903 Sutler
street.
To Recover Inheritance Tax.
Two more suits for the recovery of
collateral Inheritance , tax, paid to the
City and County Treasurer under pro
test, were begun yesterday by Garoutte
&■ Goodwin, attorneys, who recent
ly sued to regain the tax paid by the
Levl Strauss estate. One of the ac
tions is for B. T. McBain, assignee of
the heirs of the late Henry * Pierce,
who. on July 12 last paid $32,907-71
into th ; .. public - treasury . under pro
test, and the other is for Charles R.
Allen, representing Gertrude Allen,
heiress of Edgar L. Allen, who paid
J-1ES 13 tax on her inheritance^
THE SAN FRANCISCO . CALL, THURSDAY, ; DECEMBER 15, 1904.
MOTHER'S NOTE
IN DEPOSITION
3Its. Estes' Letter, Calling
Curse Upon Chorus Girl,
Not Admitted in Evidence
PICKS FBUIT AND SEWS
Doctors Wife Tells of Her
Efforts to Earn Living.
Husband Names Successor
There was never any friendliness be
tween Myrtle Scott Estes arid" her
mother-in-law, but the most signifi
cant passage regarding their enmity
contained in the- chorus girl's deposi
tion was not admitted in evidence.yes
terday by Judge Kerrigan. It was a
letter purporting to have been written
by Mrs. Rebecca Estes a few weeks be
fore Dr. Estes and Miss Scott were
married. The note, as read for identifi
cation, was as follows:
Miss Scott — You ar« a human fiend. How
dare you 'phone to my (bouse? Are you not
satisfied that you have ruined my son, de
stroyed his health and broken up his. practice?
He Is now on tha verze of insanity . and - has
been lying between 'life and death for -two
days. May a mother's curse rest on you aa
long as you live and follow you wherever you
are. For God's saks, what has ha done - that
you should drive him to his death? This much
I know: If 1 ever meet you In his /office
strain I will horsewhip you If it is the' last
thins I do on earth. .And more . than that, w«
will have you arrested for soliciting money.
He tells roe you drew money out of the. bank
which you had no business to do. Why are
such devils as you kt live? 1 wish you would
send this letter to your aunt that she may
know what I think of you. \l will, sign my
self "Glrley" and "Little Myrtle" and "Tour
Poor Little Orphan" and any other name you
are always pleading poverty and sickness under
and working on peoples' sympathies.
There were a great many other
things in the deposition, mostly ; having
to do with Estes' failure to provide for
his wife. On many occasions, she said,
he would not pay their board bilte. and
in Alaineda she paid the room rent by
sewing for the landlady. Part of the
time she supported herself by sewing
for $6 a week; again she was a chorus
girl, and at another time she dressed
the leading lady at Fischer's. For
three months she and Estes worked in
the Santa Clara orchards picking and
cutting fruit. He only worked a third
of the" time and was, she said, often un
der the influence of opium. Fearing he
would take an overdose, she took the
drug away from him. and then woke up
in the night to find him standing over
her with a broken ax. "I am going to
end it all," he said, according to her
evidence. She says, too, that once he
grabbed her by the throat. To-day sev
en or eight witnesses will be examined
in her behalf. , r v 7
A oiano player's desire to have his
wife get a divorce and marry a sailor
was partly realized in Judge Graham's
court yesterday. Mrs. A. Schreiner was
given an interlocutory decree from Per
cy Schreiner, who is following his mu
sical bent in Tacoma. A letter in Ger
man was introduced in evidence, and in
it the husband said he could not sup
port a wife. He advised her to get a di
vorce, and said he would send Joe
Fisher, a sailor, down to marry and
take care of her.
Blanch G. Meyer yesterday had, her
marriage with William H. Meyer an
nulled by Judge Graham bepause of de
celt practiced by the man. He was a
friend of the girl's family. He came
from New York and sent word that he
was sick at the Lick House. The un
sophisticated maiden went there- to
nurse him, and after her attentions he
told her that If she did not marry him
her. reputation would be ruined, though
she had done nothing wrong.
Judge Murasky denied the motion for
a new trial in the case of Maud A.
Wllkereon against Ira Puerl Wilkerson.
The plaintiff, otherwise Maud Amber,
formerly of Fischer's and now in Aus
tralia, got a divorce on the ground of
Infidelity. The husband sought to re
oiyn the case on the contention that
his wife was not a resident of Califor
nia when the decree was granted.
Judge Kerrigan granted a divorce to
Corinne A. Bartlett from Ward S. Bart
lett for neglect, and Judge Murasky did
the same for Sarah E. Ackerman from
John Q. Ackerman for desertion.
TO ADYEKTISEES.
Owing to the large
amount of ■work incident to
the issue of THE CALL
HOLIDAY EDITION,
SUNDAY, DEC. 18, NO
DISPLAY ADVERTIS-
ING copy will be accepted
for that edition after 6
P. M. Saturday, and NO
CLASSIFIED Ads after q
P. M.
GET YOUR COPY IN '
EARLY.
Kodak for Christmas.
Where there's a child, there should the
Kodak be. As a means of keeping green
the Christmas memories, or as a eift lt'«»
a holiday delight. gul ' lts
Kodaks from $5.00 to $97 00
Brownie Cameras, $1.00, $2.00 and" $5 00
KIRK, GEARY & CO.; 112 Geary «t •
WOULD KEEP PRISONERS WARM.-Chl e f
of Police W Ittman haa appealed to the Super
visors to repair ths heatlns apparatus in th«
Hall' of Justice so the prisoners confined in
the steel cells may be kept warm.
awarded to
S l|3f li EH, M jgnl JM EH J§ m B Mh fiBr
over all other infants' foods
THE HIGHEST AWARD
World's Fair Saint Louis
J "Jhis is even higher than the Gold Medal
BROKEN SEWERS
ARE EXPENSIVE
City Engineer Says More
Money Has Been Spent on
One Than New Drain Costs
CITES SPECIFIC CASE
Acquisition of Municipal
Water Supply Seems to Be
Farther Away Than Ever
City Engineer- Woodward filed his
annual report for the year ending
June 30, 1904, with the Board of
Works yesterday. The report states
that while . the appropriation of the
office was the same as the year before
the business has greatly increased.
Street improvements aggregating
$586,343 54 in cost were made and the
increase in the number of matters of
various classes referred to the bureau
for report has been about 50 per cent.
The receipts from fees for lot surveys
have increased over $3000. The re
port continues:
"The miserable condition of our
sewers will in a measure be remedied
by the recent bond issue. One of the
worst cases, that of Sixth street, was
not provided for and more money has
been spent for cleaning the sewer on
the one block between Folsom and
Harrison streets than would pay for a
new one. Some attention should be
given to the matter of securing rights
of way for drainage purposes.
"The specifications for asphalt pave
ment should be so changed as to al
low the use of . California oil asphalts
when of proper quality, they having
proved very satisfactory for j pave
ments. Your attention Is called to the
damage resulting to pavements from
their improper use. Ordinances should
be passed at once providing for the
use of springs on trucks, regulating
the tire widths, limiting loads and
providing for a more thorough inspec
tion of pavement repairs.
"Among the various important mat
ters is the establishment and change
"of official grades. An appropriate
charter amendment will be prepared
by this bureau to simplify the method
in order that we may be able to ac
tually change the grade of a street as
well as to effect a change upon paper.
"Another subject for a bond issue
would be the widening of Sansome
street from Jackson northerly to the
bay. This would furnish a much de
sired means of approach to the water
front and relieve congested traffic.
The property to be/acquired could be
taken from * the = western side of the
street where the improvements are of
small value. The necessity for a prop
er bridge over . the. Southern Pacific
Railroad at San Jose and Mount Ver
non avenues is apparent to any one
who goes to Ocean View. It Is hoped
that an appropriation for the im
provement will be 5 made in the next
budget.
"After all the years of endeavor, the
thousands of dollars spent, the engag
ing of special engineers, the work in
the field and in the office, the visits to
Washington, the memorial to Con
gress, it would seem that the acquisi
tion of water rights on the Tuolumne
River as a source of municipal water
supply is farther away than it was
hoped when the subject was first con
templated. The decision of Secretary
Hitchcock denying .the application of
San Francisco' for* reservoir sites ?at
Hetch Hetchy Valley "and Lake Elea
nor is based upon an unexpected rea
son, for it is difficult to understand
why San Francisco should be refused
its" absolutely needed water supply be
cause of the construction of two reser
voirs or lakes in the summit of the
Sierras taking up less than' four
square miles of the 1500 square miles
of the National Park."
Van Den Bergh Diamonds.
Judge Seawell, who has had the
case under submission, yesterday de
cided in favor of the defendant in the
suit of Harriet P. Van den Bergh
against Albert Van den Bergh for the
recover> r of $2500 worth of diamonds.
The plaintiff was the wife of Dr. John
P. P. Van den Bergh, but was divorced
from him about a year and a half
before his death, which occurred five
years ago. After his death the doc
tor's son, Albert, took a safe contain
ing the Jewels and claimed it as his
own. Mrs. Van den Bergh contended
that her husband had given her the
diamonds In Sacramento in 1874, a
short time, after their marriage Be
fore their divorce she declined to wear
the gems and they were put in the
safe. She says she did not bring suit
for their recovery sooner, because the
estate was In litigation.
Secretary Keeps Funds.
The Housesmiths' and Architectural
Iron "Workers' Union, Local No. 78,
yesterday sued William E. McCono
logue for the recovery of $568 05, al
leged to have been retained by him
from his collections of dues and fees
as financial secretary . of the union.
The defendant was elected to the office
in January. 1903, and his collections
during his term amounted to $5455 30.
Cleanse and renovate _the vital fluid (or
blood) and healthfully stimulate every
bodily function with Lash's Bitters. •
JOHN ROACH MISSING.— John Roach of
1329 Seventh avenue waa reported to the po
lice yesterday as having disappeared last
Tuesday evening.- He . w«nt out for a walk
that evening and never returned. He is 71
years old. ;',-;;
CEMETERY WAIF
FINDS FRIENDS
Couple Who Bead of It in
Tli e Call , Come to Claim
the Abandoned Infant
WILL ADOPT THE CHILD
Mr. and Mrs. McLaughlin of
San Leandro Will Take
Baby to Pleasant Home
The waif found in the potter's field
last Monday ."will soon be removed to
the home that was found for it throueh
an article published exclusively in The
Call. Mr. arid Mrs. C. W. McLauehlin
of San I Leandro, who are anxious to
adopt the abandoned babe, visited the
San Francisco Foundling .Asylum yes
terday.*
The couple were drawn to the pretty
little fellow at first sight. The baby
cooed when Mrs. McLaughlin took it in
her arms, and she could hardly bear to
give It back to: the nurse. The Mc-
Laughlins wanted to take the child
away with them, but certain formali
ties must be complied with before they
can obtain possession of the infant.
McLaughlin is station master at San
Leandro, and he has one of the pret
tiest little homes In the State. He and
his wife have long wanted a child to
fill a vacant place in. the house. . When
they read the story of ..the. waif they
decided to take the little foundling and
rear it as their own.
Mrs. McLaughlin is impatient to eet
possession of the little ' one. and will
probably remain in town until -she does.
The law reads that she must wait ten
days, but an exception may b4 made in
this case.
Admitted to Practice.
The. following have been admitted
by the Supreme Court to practice as
attorneys . and counselors:; James M.
Koford. W> B. Croop, Samuel T.
Bush, H.'F. Chadbourne, . Frank W.
Hooper, George J. ' McDonough, An
drew A. Caldwell, W. G. Heinly, Steu
art W. Cotton, Louis Weber, L. H.
Roseberry, C. F. Purkitt, David Gold
berg, Walter E. Conlin, Ernest Klette,
Jl J. Griffin, E. M. Harris. George A.
Tebbs, Mrs. Emmy M. Marcuss, C. G.
White, H. C. Ross. E. I. Feemster. V.
A. McGeorge, B. F. Ames, W. T. Be
lieu, L. P. Farnham, H. F. Mills and
Don R. Jacks.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SO MUCH BETTER
Hostetter's Stomach Bitters is so '
much better than any other remedy
for Stomach, Liver and Kidney ills
that we would urge every sick man
and woman to stop experimenting at !
once and commence taking this sov- ]
ereign remedy,
fHI Hostetter's
y|| Stomach
/%!* cif n""^" '^\ Doctors every-
ngQjl STOMACH where endorse it,
gSiSXTnC'E^S^. especially
ImS&ISi^^*^^ * s ncnv at y° uT
copy/ Yts free
*nd well worth
' ' having.
A/This Signature In Blue Guarantees]
Ask for LIEBIG COMPANY'S. I
Not simply "LIEBIG'S"
"JUST AS GOODS^ARE WORTHLESS]
PillarA DON'T FAIL TO
raiau? sce the beautiful
1 COURT Lounging
flflfl room, the EMPIRE
U11U Parlor, the
r-«-4 PALM ROOM, the
it rand louis xv par.
ui uuu LOI^ and the LA _
Xk^nXr. DIES> WRITING
Hotels [room
AMUSEMENTS.
AT PA7AD Belasco & Mayer.
ALt AZAK w^\
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— MATS. SAT. AND SUN.
"A big success." — Examiner.
♦•The majority will enjoy it." — Call.
"Company made much of it." — Chronicle.
Howard P. Taylcr'9 Delightful Comedy,
CAPRICE
. Minnie Maddern Fteke's First Success. .'
Ev's 25c to 50c. Mats.. Sat. and Sun.. 25c to 50c
Next Monday — Sol Smith Russell's Comedy.
PEACEFUL; VALLEY
JOHJT CRAIG AS HOSEA HOWE.
Christmas Week— Extra Mat., Mon...Dec 28.
Market ' Street. : near * Kighth ; Phone South 833.
. • TO-NIGHT— ALL, WEEK. '
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Tremendous Production of the Best Scenic
Show, of Russian Life and Cruelty.
LOST IN SIBERIA
; The Beautiful Palace! The Snow- Bound Death
■=.--•.•.' - ■ ■■ Line!-- ,\ ■
The ' Fearful . Prison and Wonderful Escape.
Strategy. Cunning. Intrigue,* Comedy, Charm-
■•■' insly Intermingled!!. • . ■ .*
-POPULAR PRICES— Eve. lOo to 60c. Mats.
, 10c. 15c and 25c .
To Follow— "TWO LITTLE WAIFS."
" ADVERTISEMENTS.
CLOSING OUT
OUR. SEATTLE
STOCK IN S. F.
First time in 20 years that we have offered a discount on pianos, but wa
can see the public appreciates that this is no ordinary opportunity. We have
sold more pianos last week and the Oeginninp of this week than have ever
been sold in any music store In the United States as far as we know in sdrae
space of time. Actual number runs over 100 pianos up to to-day. We still have
over 150 pianos for you to select from. Don't wait; make your selection now.
We will pive you your own terms, but every piano of our Seattle stock must
be out of our San Francisco warerooms before the first of the year. If you are
not ready to buy we will rent you a piano from $2.00 per month up and allow you
all you have paid during the first six months to npply toward the purchase of the
piano you have rented or any other you may select. 1J you have an old piano we
will allow you all it can be sold for. This is more than any other house will do.
It costs you nothing to look over this store and we will set any piano aside until
the first. This opportunity to get such values will never occur again.
Kere are some of the prices, which will give you an idea. No square pianos
advertised — we are giving them away. - «^
50 beautiful new Davis pianos, in all 1 Jewett fll4
woods, sold at factory for $350; Sherman & Hyde S117
we are selling them for $225 Fuller «97
2 used Steinway uprights, new $500. Neuman (85
$700. now 5195. 8275 Conrad $87
3 tmerson $90, 898, 3140 Filsher $5O
1 Sohmer : . . ; $130 Crow and Christopher $35
5 Haynes. from $135 to $225 Antisell $4O
1 Weber $115 Occidental $33
1 Chickering $185 Collard .*. $37
17 used Heine, regular stock price 2 Mason & Hamlin. art finish. .$385, -aaas
$475. $700. now $235 to $300 Behr Bros $X87
1 Gabler. formerly $600. now $39O Gabler $369
1 Kimball. formerly $218. now $98 Krell $337
3 Fischer $90, $125, $180 Heine, discontinued style $473
1 Heine, baby grand, formerly $900, Smith & Barnes $195
now $475 Hallet & Davis S190
1 Knabe ..$290 Conover $313
Decker Bro« $217. Steger $35O
New England / $185 Singer $237
1 Miller $130 Gabler. discontinued style $37S
In fact, any make you can think of. Beautiful new uprights usually sold
for $480 at $225; $250 pianos at $125, etc.. etc.
OPEN DAY AND NIGHT WHILE THEY LAST.*
HEINE
235-237 Geary Street,, S. F., "ON THE SQUARE."
Oakland Office, 1252 Broadway.
AMCSKMEXTS.
GRAND X£
Announcement*
OWING TO THE ENORMOUS SUCCESS of
WILLIAMS
aneWALKER
In the NEW
IN DAHOMEY
THEIR ENGAGEMENT HAS BEEN EX-
TENDED ONE WEEK.
Last* Performance Satur-
day Night, Dec. 24th
MATS. SATURDAY <B» SUNDAY
DECEMBER 26th
BLANCHE BATES
LOOK AT THE NAMES!
HERRMANNTHE GREAT
Assisted by Maria Herrmann: Vernon;
Ford. Sisters; Dillon Brothers, and Or-
Dheuxn Motion Pictures. Snowlnz "The
Ex-Convict."
Last Times of Miss Mary Shaw and
Company; Howard's Comedy Dogrs and
Ponies; Marvelous Frank and Zdttla
Bob. and Phyllis Allen.
Regular Matinee* Every Wednesday. Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday. .
Prices — 10c. 25c and 50c.
TO-NIGHT ilI2—
KING
SEATS ALWATS SELLING.
REGULAR MATINEE SATURDAY.
H. W. BISHOP. Lessee and Manager.
TO-NIGHT £%Ml TO-MGHT
25e— MATINEE TO-DAY— 25c
OLIVER MOROSCO Offers
HOWARD GOULD. J. H. GILMOUR
And the Exceptional Majestic Co. in
Mr. Potter of Texas
NEXT— "JIM BLUDSO."
Christinas Wtek — "A CONTENTED
WOMAN.*'
In Preparation— "IN OLD HEIDELEERG."
Evg. prices. 25c to 75c. Mats.. 25c to 50c.
Bad! jfeJaciig!
Hew wiJr Jockey
California F$ Club
• - OAXX»AZn> TRACK.
Commencing SATURDAY. November 12.
. Racing every week day. rala or shine.
Races start at 2:15 p. m, sOarp.
CEOCKES SEXiXiXNQ STAKES. $2000
Added, to Be 3un Saturday. Deo. 17.
For special trains stopping at the track take
g. P. Ferry, toot of Market street, at 12:00.
12:30. 1:00. 1:30 or 2:00. Returning trains
leave Lhe track at 4:10 and 4:45 p. m. and Im-
mediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President. -
PERCY W. TPvEAT. Secretary.' ' .-
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
iS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. LNVIGORA-
vtor and Nervine.
Th« most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic (or the Sexual Organs, (or both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of ths
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
. SABER ALFS * BRUNE. A sen ts-
823 Market at., S. F.— CSend tor Circulars.)
_
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUmBlA nm* m&
LAST THREE 2TXGHTS— MAT. SAT.
The Merry. Tuneful Musical Comedy.
A CHINESE HONEYMOON
Last Time Saturday Night.
NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT
- KLAW ft EKLAHOEB PEEStST
T =° S - SEABROOKE
In the Spectacular Musical Farce Novelty,
Billionaire
100 — COMPAXT— 100
SEATS NOW READY
& CALIFORNIA*
TOU'lX. LAUGH TILL THE TEARS M
COME. |1
ROSE MELVILLE
la Her Famous Original Creatioa. £1
SIS li
HOPKINS I
Christmas Week— "SHORE ACREa" H
TONY LUBELSKI. General Manager.
Is It a wonder that we are turning peopl*
away at every Derformance?
Ten really remarkable acts.
Equal to any In America or Europe
T\EOF»LE»S
KOPULAR
■^^ Iv I C^fc£^5
10c and 2Oe— No HIrtwr.
Children to any part of the theater lOe.
Performance every afternoon at 2:30. Every
evening at 7:30 and 8. Continuous Saturday
asd Sunday matinees from 2 to S and T to It
Startling, new European moring pictures.
Hlffh-ClasB Specialties Every A?teraooa
and EveaiaT tn the Tbeater.
TO-NIGHT! EI.2CTBIC POUSTAiar
DISPLAY
— AND—
GALA AMATEUR PERFORMANCE.
CONCLUDING WITH
FAT LADIES' RUNNING RACE!
DON'T FAIL TO SEE
THE JOHNSTOWN FLOOD
The Reigning Sensation of Ccney Island a&4
the World* ■ Fair.
A NEVER TO BE FORGOTTEN SPECTACLB
Beginning Sunday— "PRINCESS FAN TAN."
ADMISSION 10c | CHILDREN So
1 When Phoning Ask for "Th« ChuMa."
MJSCELI*AXEOCS AMUSEMENTS.
ALHAMBRA
Sat.. Dec IT. at 3:00 P. M.
Mod.. Dec. 19. at 9:15 P. M.
Wed.. Dec 2L at 8:15 P. M.
Oakland. Dec 23, Mat.
Paderewski
RESERVED SEATS SELLING
SHERMAN*. CLAY * OCX'S
12.50 $2.00. $1.80. $10a
Steinway Piano Used.
LYRIC H/\L.L.
THURSDAT. D«c 15. at S:3O P. M.
ARTHUR FARWELL,
CON'CERT OF INDIAN and other Americas
Music
c a!e of tickets osena at Sherman, Clay A
Co 'a, TUESDAY MORNING. Dec. 13. at »
o'clock, and at Lyric Hall evening o* concert.
Stats. »1 and 75 cent*.
FIAKO BSCXTAX.
CECIL COWLES
The Phenomenal Child Pianist.
STEINWAY HALL. '-MMAH
THURSDAY EVENING. DECEMBKa 1»
Reserved Seats $LML
910
BRITT OPENS AN 8 TO 10 CHOICE OVER NELSON IN THE BETTING
BRAWNY WRESTLERS TO MEET
SPECIAL BOUTS UP FOR DECISION AT OLYMPIC CLUB
Both the amateur and the profes- j
eional wrestlers have come to the front I
rapidly recently. At the Olympic Club j
to-night seven special matches will be
decided. The affair will be a ladies'
right, and the members of the eentler
cex will have an opportunity to see the
men of brawn in action. The Columbia
Park Boys' Club ' Band will furnish
music during the evening.
Robert Mac Arthur will referee: Fred j
C. Gerdes and H. S. Rues will Judge:
Fred Butz will act as timekeeper; W.
H. Thompson as announcer and Matt
A. Harris as clerk.
All the matches -will be catch-es
catch-can, and each bout will be of ten
minutes* duration. Professor Georse
Miehlinp:. the wrestling Instructor, and
Roper B. Cornell, the club's trainer.
vlll send the men to the mat in ex
cellent condition. The- wrestlers are
matched as follows:
H. G. MHler vs. E. Baratr.
Charlef Jenkins vs. A. Pockwltz.
O. J. An'.oJT vs. Herbert Duncan.
Err.!l Twhurr.i v B . WilMam Gindorf.
John SJmpscn vs. Marjnn Veckl.
G. S. Kroner v«. J. P. Parker,
li. C. Barney vyli_ II. Vannier.
An artistic silver shield bar has been
offered by a club member for a snecial
■wrestling tournament to be held short
ly. This will br> open to all the men in
the 144-pound clasp.
To-morrow night at Woodwards' Pa
vilion the professionals. Jenkins and
Buzayell. will meet. The big event will
he best two falls in three at Graeco-
Roman ■wrestling, but the programme
ApYEKTISEMEyTS.
I PROFESSIONAL CLOCKER, Phone, South 1045
San Francisco Office -224 Parrott Bull dIng(Fif t h Floor)8 35 Market St.
I Oakland Branch— Room 8, "Hawthorne," II55# Washington St.
MY ONE-BEST-BET YESTERDAY
LEILA, 7 TO I, 3d
Beaten Half a Length—An Accident!
I rcbottled eome more real Jam yesterday In my one horse wire. Didn't get
the meney, but my bor»e would have won buck Jumpinjr had ehe not met with acci-
dent. When the barrier went up she was almost knocked to her knees and lost 15
length* by the operation. At the half . mile pole tie had not recovered herself and
was still 12 lengths out of it. At the finish she lay exactly one-half length behind
the winner. Could not nave lost with an even break.
I MY ONE-BEST-BET TUESDAY, WAS
| FAY TEMPLETON, 8 TO I, WON
"IT you ever «t«x! a tap In your life, <Jo to to-H3ay." waa the way I handed out
FAT. As good a* 10 to 1 was laid against her at the track.
Illy complete wire does business all the time, whethemjny ONE-BEST- BET lands
or cot and any time, the ONE-BEST- BET happens to lose, my clients always have
something to rail back upon and set a "bunk" on.
YESTERDAY I GAVE TO WIN; '
BELL REED, 7 TO 2, WON
DR. SHERMAN, 8 TO 5, WON
LEILA, 7 TO I, 3d
I GOLDEN BOCK, 4 TO 5, 2d
_„ £* n „*?<? •?. d , Sherman won ea«Ily enough. Davla tos«ed th« race off on Golden
™ C^« w ,'h ,1 t^* l»aU.er m«W for consistently getting beaten by short
rSf^JL^t H^?f h ? t S!7 l UteIjr - Some one Kot 1Lfter hln » ye»t«<l*r and I guess
I m a prophet. Be 11 not ride many more favorites for awhile. Remember Bab?
TUESDAY I GAVE TO WIN i
FAY TEMPLETON, 6 T0 1, WON
BOB RAGOii, 5 TO I WON
INSP, MUHRO, I TO I, H
SERENITY, 1 5 TO I, y
To-d*y I'm going to cut come Christmas cake. I've flagged a crackerlack maa
«uerading under the colors of ft "badge" hor«. Thought maybe he was a "rin?"'
when mr dock first caught his workout, but I've satisfied myself si"e that b»'s
declared myself "In." The right money was wired to Hot Springs last night and
noSTt^aV " y xnonkcylnr wlth th « c * rds •"« I Plve you th! proper nudge"!
U TERMS $2 DAILY; $!0 WEEKLY
f\ .¥ y *"*••**« Isn't Issued at either- of my of flees until - noon. It is not peddled
H ?W» "S" *ZtL?Z7* ?S ?, CeBt '., X eottt handle accou "<» « Place c?nVmLVlons
H Jv fo . .. m r rhant .L. strlc * I 3 r - I* you »»nt to avoid calling at my office use
|1 th* phone. All phone orders that are booked before 11:30 a. m. will be delivered
H *? ■ ajp ,P«J t °L the w cit y^y A - D - T - messenger boys at noon sharp. Menage* sent
|] at cost cf subscriber— C. O. D. $2 and messenger charges. Weekly subscribers
■ c*n have their message, delivered by meesencer at at the "me ho^r!
■WPBBBB3s^^CKBtBCBBW^py^^^^g^J^[L (^ <^^g3»wT|iiep»»»j|iM»»ai
TWO CLEVER WRESTLERS OF
THE OLYMPIC CLUB WHO WILL
COMPETE TO-XIGHT.
will be varied by a catch-as-catch-can
match, best two in three, between
George Braun and Charles DavlF.
Braun is the Olympic Club champion,
and has never been defeated on this
coast. v
Racine at Xew Orleans.
KEW ORLEANS, Dec. 14.— Results:
First race, five furlongs — Tolness won, Orls
kany i»econd. Little Jack Homer third. Time,
1 :C5 3-5. ,
Second race, one and a quarter miles — Alad
din won. Georre Vivian second. Lee King third.
Time. 2:17 1-5.
Third race, five furlongs — Gotowin won. Gas
conne second, x>terre third. Time. 1 :05 2-5.
Fourth race, one mile — Autolight won, Lon
flin second. Lampoon third. Time, 1:43 2-5.
Fifth race, six furlongs — Jungle Imp won.
Jcanetta second. Salidln third. Time. 1:19 2-5.
Sixth race, one mile — Lady Charlotte won,
Noweta second. Reckoner third. Time. 1:50.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. DECEMBER 15. 1904.
YEARLY CHAT
OF MAGNATES
Powers of Pacific Coast
Baseball League Assemble
to Talk Business To-Day
The campaign for the baseball sea
son of 1905 in the Pacific Coast League
will be outlined to-night, when the
magnates come together for their an
nual session. Most of them are at
present in this city and thd absentees
will arrive to-day. Before the meet
ing is ended Spokane/may be formally
admitted within the fold, though there
is a strong possibility the league will
continue with six clubs.
The first matter of business will be
the official awarding of the pennant
for the season of 1904 to the Ta
coma Tigers. Then the regular rou
tine work of the organization will be
taken up and some new ones sprung.
It does not appear at present, however,
that any startling changes are to be
made, though something startling is
always liable to happen.
Spokane is anxious to cast its for
tunes with the Pacific Coast League
and it is likely she would readily be
accommodated but for the fact that
there is no other available city to take
in along with the northern town. Some
thought of Fresno, but it was amply
demonstrated last season that the
Raisin City would not draw enough to
pay the ground-keeper's salary even
with a winning team like Tacoma,
There is a lot of talk being handed
out. in semi-official circles that the
California magnates would like to cut
loose entirely from the- three north
ern towns. They have not been bread
winners in the past and were it not
for Los Angeles and San Francisco a
lot of money would have been lost. As
the northern towns are in there is lit
tle possibility of their being side
tracked this year at least.
Uncle Henry Harris will be asked
to come through with about $300 for
allowing his captain to take the Seals
off the field when they were playing
with Portland a few weeks ago. ' Har
ris was not present that time, but he
will be forced to show the color of his
coin. Morley was made to suffer last
year for the same offense and there
is no way for Harris to avoid a similar
fate.
' Umpires will be appointed at the
coming meeting by the president. Jim
McDonald looks a cinch, but the other
two are in the dark. Perrine was not
so bad and is deserving of a steady
Job. The trouble Browne got into
dewn in Los Angeles a few days be
fore the season closed will probably
go against him, for Morley will com
plain if the others mention Browne's
name. . .-
It is likely the double season will be
on the card once, again. If" worked
well last year and made the race close
in each half, though the alleged cham
pionship series between the Tigers and
the Angels did nothing to help the
game in any manner or form.
WOULD REVISE ATHLETICS
IX BOTH UNIVERSITIES
Freshmen May Be Barred From Tak
ine Part in Snorts Durinz First
Year in College.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Dec. 14.
The Joint faculty athletic committee
from Stanford and the University of
California has recently made recom
mendations concerning changes in in
tercollegiate athletics, which if adopt
ed by the intercollegiate agreement
committee will greatly change the tone
of future athletic games. The prin
cipal change proposed is that no fresh
man shall.be allowed to participate in
any athletic contest between Califor
nia and Stanford during his first year
in college.
The faculty has two motives in pro
posing such an amendment to th*»
present athletic agreement. The
first is the raising of the stand
ards of first-year scholarship. It
is maintained that athletics take up
too much of the student's "time. The
second motivo'of -the faculty is based
on entirely different reasons. Barring
a freshman from athletics would it is
held, cut off that class of students
which comes to a university for the
sole purpose of taking part in varsity
contests. '
It Is not probable that these recom
mendations will be accepted by the
student bodies of the two universities
Too many good athletes would be lost
and the competition for places on the
varsity teams would not be so keen
The proposed changes will be given
aThearing at the next meeting of the
intercollegiate agreement committee
composed of Stanford and California
graduates.
Accused of Slaying Twin Sister.
v RISING SUN. Ind., Dec. 14.— A jury
of sixteen men was sworn in the. Ohio
County court • this afternoon . to try
James Gillespie, accused of the.mur
der of his -twin sister, Elizabeth Gil
lespie. .
One-third of the, land surface of the
globe is covered with trees.
BOMBARDIER FINISHES FIRST
WITH MILITARY MAN SECOND
Pretty and Exciting Finish
for Handicap at Track
Across the Bay.
CHOICES OUT OF LUCK
Red Cross Nurse Is Heavily
Backed and AVins All
- , .
BY FRED E. MULHOLL\XD.
When Frank Skinner's three-year-old
Bombardier, ridden by Henry Michaels,
defeated Military. Man. the 4 to. 5 fa
vorite a neck for the mile and seventy
yard handicap at Oakland yesterday,
it was a staggering blow for the talent.
For some reason the Ferguson colt
had been "doped" a cinch, the books
being bombarded with coin until by
degrees the price was forced down
from 7 to 5.
The heavy going fitted Bombardier
like a glove and Michaels took him out
in front. Part of the way Helgesen
was second with the favorite, then he
found some deep going on the far turn
and Little Wally took the second posi
tion. Helgesen selected the best foot
ing in the run to the stand, while Bom
bardier bore in to the rail where it
was heaviest. Despite this handicap
the latter colt stood a fierce drive, win
ning by a neck.
Leila, badly handled, finished third;
beaten -but a neck and half a length,
and should have won by herself. From
twos-the odds about Bombardiers'oared
to '16 to 5. .
FAVORITES IX HARD LUCK.
It is unnecessary to state that the
favorites played in hard luck. Any
time the track is good and bad in*
patches, upsets may be expected! Dr.
Sherman had the honor of being the
only successful public choice.
Bronze Wing started for the first
time in the colors of Steve Judge and,
with Helgesen in the ■ saddle, went to
the post a 7 to 10 favorite in the bet
ting on the opening -event. The first
choice cut out the running for nearly
seven-eighths of a mile, >hen he was
passed by "Big Bill" Knapp on Lady
Kent and was beaten somewhat hand
ily. Gin Spray, a 30 to 1 shot, finished
a fast closing third. - '.
Carelessness on the part of his rider,
W.' Davis, lost the .two-year-old scram
ble for Golden Buck, the odds-on
choice. Johnny Schorr'slcplt had shak
en off Fay Ttempleton an dapparently
had the race in hand. -Davis, however,
failed to observe Ara closing strongly
under Sam Greenfield's vigorous riding,
and the decision went against him by
a head. Fay Templeton took the show.
Dr. Sherman came back after a
night's repose and grabbed the seven
furlong purse from Hipponax. The Doc
tor ruled an 8 to 5 favorite, and in a
driving finish disposed of Hipponax by
a neck. The latter horse led into the
stretch, and only for some' interference
near the close might have won. Red
Damsel, away. poorly, ran a good third.
DECISION IS CLOSE.
So close was the finish between Bell
Reed and Alice Carey at the close of
the Futurity course sprint, fifth to be
decided, that quite a gathering mani
fested their disapproval by hooting the
decision. There is no doubt that
Alice Carey was best and should have
won, but Alarie in the full exuberance
of his joy at the thought of winning
two days in succession tossed the
money away. The judges probably did
not err in giving Bell Reed, the mount
of Sherwood, the verdict. Albemarle,
the favorite, ran a fair third. The win
ner's odds under a stiff play dropped
from 3% to 2% to 1.
There are certain kinds of mud that
Red Cross Nurse can run in, it would
appear, and the right number was
struck yesterday. With Sam Greenfield
in the saddle, the mare galloped out in
front all the way in the final mile and
a sixteenth number, winning cleverly at
the wire from Isabellita and Major Ten
ny, the latter the favorite. The winner
received extensive support at odds. of
6 to 1.
TRACK NOTES.
\V. Davis has not been feeling well
for a few days and his manager, Wil
lie Harris, has decided not to allow
him to accept any outside mounts for
a week or so. This will confine his
saddle work to the Jennings stable
alone.
Sammy Greenfield was the only, rid
er to pilot two winners.
Arisbe, the crack' filly owned by
Napa Stock Farm, makes her first
start of the season to-day.
W. Davis, who rode Golden Buck,
got away from the post poorly and
then after having the race won threw
it away.
Bookmaker Joe Harlan .handled
517,000 on the six races. Thi3 looks
as if there was some money in the
ring.
The fusillade of Tuesday was too
severe for five books, as but eighteen
cut in yesterday. Some layers are
imbued with the idea that every day
should be a winning one. These
wouldn't do to mix up In the Law
son-Greene-Rockefeller frenzied fin
ance scrap.
"Big Bill" Knapp, who piloted Hip
ponax, lodged a claim of foul against
W. Davis, rider of Dr. Sherman. The
Judges refused to consider it, but nine
out of ten close observers think Dr.
Sherman should have been disquali
fied.
Bronze Wing has finished second on
seven different occasions this season.
The yearlings bred at Theodore
Winter's Rancho del Sierras will b«i
sold by Chase & Co. on December 19.
Red Cross Nurse, winner of \ the
last event. -was bid' up from $400 to
$800 by Billy Magrane.^ • Molero &
Josephs retained their mare.
The colors . of ""Kansas" Price will
be seen for the first time when Sweet
Kitty Bellalrs goes to the post this
afternoon.
TO ADVERTISEKS;
Owing to the large
amount of work incident to
the issue of THE CALL
HOLIDAY EDITION,
SUNDAY, DEC. i8, NO
D I S P LA.Y , ADVERTIS-
ING copy will be accepted
for that edition after 6
P. M.- Saturday, and NO
CLASSIFIED Ads after 9
P. M.
GET, YOUR COPY. IN
EARLY.
Horses Which Are Figured to Finish First.
BY FRED E. MUIiHOLIiAND.
First race— Meada, Bearskin,
San Jose.
Second race — D^bubfet. Dot
terel, Revolt. ; . . .
Third race — Irtoco. San IiU
tion, Vulcaln.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKLAND— Wednesday. Dec. 14. Weather cloudy. Track heavy.
7503. , FIRST RACE — One mile; celling; three-year-olds and upward; value to flr»t. »323.
Index - Horse and Owner.- WtlSt. Ji! 14. • #.. Str. Fin. I ' Jockey. Op- ci
7.122 Lady Kent, a (J. Ryan) 107 2 3 1*42 h 2 3 1 n 1 M |W. Knapp. • «
7549 Bronze Wing. G (Judge & Co.) 107 5 In 1 IVil 2 3 2 5 IHeljesen .. 1 7-*£
7547 Gin Spray, a (Dt Neffe) 102 8 8 5 8 10 7 2 6 h 3 «i |J. Kelly ... 30 20
7540 Ubble Candid, 3 (Appleby Co.) 08 4 4h3h 5b41 4 1 "/a'McBrlde .. 20 -0
7523 Glenarvon. 4 (Summers & Co.) 102 si 5 2H4 1%4 1«45 n 5 2 , Greenfield . . 6 8
7650 Glenrlce. 4 (Fttzeerld & Cree) 102 7 6 Hjtt 1%6 % 7 4 • « W. Davis.. « 10
7403 Pencil Me. 6 (Mrs. Grsheim) 102 3 2 i%3 2 3 h 3 n 7 h F. Sullivan 15 20
7545 Box Elder, 3 (J. J. Moran)... 08 6 7 2 7 2*48 25 8 40 8 50 Moran 30 100
7M3 Native, a (H. Storer) 102 9 0 0 9 9 0 Mlllerlck .. 20 150
Time— :26, :61. 1:17*4. 1:«. At poatl*4 minutes. Off at 2:13*4. Kent, place. 8-5; *how,
4-5.. .Wing, place, 1-3; show, out. Spray, show, 3. Winner, br. m. by Hellcon-Leita
Kent. Trained by G. We-ntworth. Scratched— Idogo. Karabel. Start good. Won driv
ing and goins away. Second stopping. Third easily. Too much weight and too far for
• Bronze Wing. Going suited Lady Kent. . Gin Spray could have won over a longer route.
Glenarvon ran fairly well. Glenrice no account.
7504. SECOND RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling; 2-year-olds; value to first. »323. i
Index Horse and-OwnerT" lWt|St. *i. *4. %• Str. Fin* I Jockey. Op. Cl.
755« Ara' (Stevens* & Son) 104 6 ... 0 *4 5 2 3 n 1 h |Greenfleld . 2 11-5
(7527) Golden Buck (Mrs. Schorr).. 103 6... 4 3 1 n 1 *4 2 2 W. .Davis.. 4-5 7-10
(7557) Fay Templeton (G. Dodge).. 101 1 ... In 23 22 36 Travers ... 7 12
7552 Dixelle (G. W Wilson) »5 7 ... 7 10 6 *4 -t 14 4 7 Taylor .... 20 SO
C718 Pirella (Mrs. Miller) 100 2 ... 3h 43 65 51 W. Knapp. 30 60
.... Colleen Dhas (J. C. Nealon). 106 8 ... 8 8 8 6 10 Helgesen .. RO 30
.7511 Mizpah (Summers & Co.) 100 3 ... 2 3 1'45 V, 7 6 Anderson.. 20 30
7444 |Wllla (W. P. Magranc) 100 4 ... 5 1*47 15 7 2 8 F. Sullivan 30 100
Time— :24*4. :50V4, 1:10. At post 2 minutes. Off at 2:41*4. Ara. place. 1-2; shdw. 1-4.
Buck, place. 1-3; show.. 1-8. Fay. shew, 1. Winner, br. c. by Governor Foraker-
Modjeska. Trained by J." D. Stevens. Start good. Won In a drive of three. Davis
on* the favorite had race won and threw It away. He did not perceive Ara coming
alone until too late. > Latter a slow • beginner but game. Fay Templeton ran her race.
Mlzpab quit.-
7505. THIRD RACE— Seven furlongs; 3-year-olds and up; selling; value to first. $325.
Index ■.. ,. Horse and Owner. lWt|St. *i. V,. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
75CI Dr. Sherman G (S. Hoppas)..|106 1 1 2»J2 1*42 3 1 *4 1 n ' W. Davis.. 8-3 8-5
7549- Hipponax a '(A: C. Dean) Jill 6 8 % 1 n 1%2 3 23 W. Knapp. 4 5-2
7435 Red Damsel, 5 (Mrs. Russell) 1118 8 72 61333*4 Russell ... 10 7
(7.VM) Profitable. . 4 (A. Winters)..... 10U 3 5 2 6 h 4 2 5 1*44 4 |McBride ... 3 6
754'J Waterspout, 3(R. A. Smith).. 102, 5 2 1*43 3 3 1*44 2Va5 4 iGreenfield . 2O CO
7534 Flaneur. 6 (Blanch! & Co.X.. 100 7 7 2V48. 8 6 2 6 4 |F. Sullivan 4 10
51i:i Y. Marlow, 4 (J.W.McLauRln 10C 24 n 5*461 7375 (Sherwood.. 50 16
7455 Myrtle H, 5 (Mrs. Hertzell).. Ill 4624h738 8 iMlnder 10 40
..._;_ Scotch_Lad. 3D. A. Ross)..^. 113[ Left [Holbrock .. 30 60
Time— :24«4. :49*i. 1:17*4' 1:31*4- At post 5*4 minute*. Off at 3:10. Sherman, place. 7-10;
- show," 7-20. .Hipponax. place, 1;. show, 11-20. Damsel, show, 8-5. Winner, b. g. by Gor
i •' m^n-Dolly. Trained by . J. E. Hoppas. Scratched — Rainier. Mr. Farnum. Start poor.
Won first three driving hard. Dr. Sherman interfered with Hipponax at paddeck or lat
ter could" have won. Foul not allowed. Red Damsel, a bad aetressi at the post, got away
-very 'badly or 'she would have tcored.. McBride, who steered Profitable. Is & mild rider.
I -Flaneur can do better. . .' - if
YsOO^- FOURTH RACE— Mile and 70 yards; handicap; all ages'; value to first. |9C0. *
Index I. ;. "Horse and Owner. |Wt!St.*J. *4- 94. Str. Fin. [ Jockey. Op. a.
TbiS. Bombardier, 3 (F.. Skinner).. 104 1 12 13 1 Itf 1 3 In H. 'Michaels 2 16 3
754$ Military Man. 3 (Ferguson).. 107 34 *42*433 3n 2 H Helgesen .. 7-5 4-5
' 74<tt Leila, 3 (C. F. Clark) 05 2 5 5 5 423h Greenfield . 3 7
7.154 Little Wally 3 (Brinkworth). . 95 5 31 3h22 24 410 |W. Knapp. 6 5
7240 Modicum. 4 (D. S. Fountaln)|10SJ 4 2 1*44 1 4 2*j5 5 lL. Fountain SO 40
Time— :23U; :51. l:lC*i. l:43«i. 1:47%. At r«»t ',4 minute. Off at 8:32*4. Bombardier,
place 7-10; show out. Man, place, 1-3, show out/ Leila, show. 4-5. Winner, b. g. by
Maxio-Mlddle Dwyer. Trained by E. J. Ramsey. Start good. Won all driving. Mlchatls
on winner made every post a lamp post 111 uminating th* way for the others. " Helgesen
•did not put up one of his best rides en Military Man. Sammy Greenfield on .Leila laid
away. to cee that none of the lights went out. He made an awful late move or the
. mare would have won by herself. Wally outclassed.
7367.' FIFTH RACE — Futurity course, selling; three-year-olds and up; value to first. S325.
Index ~ Horse and Owner. |Wt!St. *;. *$. «j. Str. Fin. | Jockey. Op.
7553 B>11 Reed, 4 (Fitzgerald * Co.) 109 5 ... In 2h In Ins Sherwood.. 7-2 6-2
(75tll) Alice Carey, 4 (Fleur de Lls). 1W 3 ... 5 *i 1 h 2 2 24, Alarie ..... 3 4
(7497) Albemarle, 4 (J. Quinlan).... 104 2 .... 2 n 3 2*43 *4 3 5 Travers 11-5 5-2
754» Educate. 6 (S. A. Hoppas).... 104 4 ... 4 1*44 2 .4 1*44 h W. Davis.. 8 15
7S23 Bard Burns. 6 (F. O'Rourke). 112 1 ... 3 1 5 3 5 2**5 3 Minder .... 6 23-3
(7521) Molto. 4 (H. L. Shannon) 1104 8 7 2 7 2*47*4 6 6 R. Butler.. 2O 50
7497 Pure Dale. 4 (J Hoeppner) '104 B ... 6 3 « 3 6'V»'7 5 F. Sullivan. 20 10O
54S7 Presidio. 3 (D. Zeltnsky) 1104 T ... 9 « 3 8 3 S *4 Anderson .. !U> 100
• 50S0 1 Cameletta, 5 (Boettger & Co.)!113 9 ... 8 »J 9 _9 _ 9 _ Holbrook .. 50 100
Time— :25 :5O*4, 1:18*4' At post 3 minutes. Off at 4:03. Reed, place. 4-5; show. 2-5. Ca
rey piace, 7-5: show, 3-5. Albemarle, show. 2-5. -Winner, ch. *.. by Captlve-Mlss Gen- '
. try.' Trained by' J. Krause. Scratched— Harka, Doublet.' Instrument. Troy. Emma Reu
bold. Start good. Won driving. Second easily.. Third driving. .Bell Reed played In
great luck. Alice Carey should have won by a length or more, only Alarie elected tor draw
a fine finish. Albemarle did his best. Educate outclassed. Bard Burns didn't run
much of a race.. ....
7508. SIXTH RACE— 1 1-16 miles, selling; three-year-olds and up; value to first, $325. y
IndeJi , Horse and Owner. |WtlSt?*4. *4- &• Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op. Cl.
TwiT R. C Nurse. 3 (Molero & Co.)| 0? 6 In Hi 1 2 12 1*4 Greenfield .. 6 4
752S Isabolllta, 4 (J. RonaWnon) 105 3.6 2 4 2 3 2*43 2 2 1 Travers ... 3 4
(7555) M. Tenny. 5 (Piedmont Stable) 105 2 5n 5 1*44 4 4 2 3 3 • |J. Kelly. . . . 5-2 5-2
7f,r>5 Follow Me, 6 (M6sler Bros.).. 102 4'31"2*42n 2 n 4 5 W. Davis.. 3 4
7540 Chickadee, 5 (F. Whitman)..! 99 5' 2 *4 & §4 5 ft 54 6 12 F. Sullivan. 10 12
7555 Goldfinder, a (FltzgeraM*Co.) 96 1 4 2*4C» 6 6 8 6 15 6 5 . Eamshaw . 2O SO
(753.S) Badly Used. 5 (Multnomah St) 110 77 7 7 7 7 Helgesen .. 6 10
Time :24?i :51. .1:16*;, 1:44*4, 1:51*4. At post 3*4 minutes. .Off at 4:28. Nurse, place,
8-5* show. 7-10. Isabellita. place. 6-5; show. 3-5. ' Tenny. show, 9-20. Winner, ch. f.. by
Prince Rudolph-Accident. Trained by A. Josephs. Start good. Won ridden out. Balance
driving. Winner bid up from J400 to $900 by W. P. Magrane. but was retained. Going
must have been made. to order for winner.as sh^ promenaded In full decollete. Isabellita
ran her race. . Major Tenny cannot beat these two leaders. Follow Me outran. ■ Gold
finder, and Badly Used 'could not negotiate the footing.
Large Fields at Oakland.
The fields at Oakland this afternoon
are large and well balanced, although
there is no especial ' attraction. Ni
grette Venator. Stroller and other fast
ones meet in the- fourth event. The
day's entries:
First race— Futurity course, two-year-olds.
stllinr- ,,*>
7o4« 'Paddy Lynch (Lynch) i<r~
7"hMi «HerthU5 (Gilbert) I> (
75m »M«ada (Bianchl & Co.) 9,
7401 'Anita Knifcht (Spratt) »<
7650 Edgecliff (Judge) 10^
75oD Edrcdun (LaKoria & Forbes) 10 1
".'ill »Lady Fashion (Miller) 0.
7.'.57 *San Jose (Wilson) 100
7frfU *Miznah (Summers) »J
7530 Bsarskln (McAlister) ..: ICo
Sweet Kitty Bellairs (Price) ..107
Second race — Six and a half furlongs, four
year-olds «>.nd «n. selling.
7r>Ul Adirondack (Shannon) 1<>1
(75f3)Lady Kent (J. Ryan) 10l>
..".. Bob McLean (Skinner & Co.) 10!>
74C.7 Lecturer (Woods) i 107
7.-.2-1 'Doublet (Fountain) SW
7C<il Revolt (Ruiz) ..100
7407 Alta G (H?rtzell) 104
71,5:: 'Maud Muller (Miller) '. .. !»
7421! 'PoH e?no lLo3;in)- !W>
7r.2!> Bill Youns (Sturgeon) 104
7-K:7 'Rafiinarok II (Jltddox) 99
75M Colonel Ballantyne (Ronaklson) 107
7421 'Dotterel (Lynch) 0't
71C7 Dand'.e Belle (Winter &■ Johnson).... 104
Third race — One mile and fifty yards, three
ytar-oldB and us. sellln*. ~
" 7.116 'Morengo (Maryland Stable) 00
74SO Joe John (Mann) 101
7551 Technique (Clifford) «2
75.T* 'Vigorcso (Appleby) " 06
7003 Klmberly (Chappell) 101
Autos to Race Up Pike's Peak.
DENVER," Dec. 14. — An automobile
climbing contest, entries to which will
be .open, to the world, "has been an
nounced by* G. A. Wahlgreen of the
Overland Racing Association. The
event will occur in August.-X905,- and
Pike's Peak will be the scene. Tnt
actual . climb will - be approximately
S000 feet and the road distance about
fourteen. miles. .The steepest grade
will approach 45 degrees/
PREPARING FOR CHRISTMAS.— Meetings
of those Interested in kindergarten work will
be held to-day a* follows: 10 a. m. at 131::
Mason street, 11 a. m. at 9.13 >£ Harrison,
11:15 a;' m. at 12S5 Pacific, \l:3O p. m. at 213
Ninth and 2 p. :m. at 1018 Folsom. At the^e
meetings prosramir.es for Christmas celebra
tions will be arranged. - *
' NEW .YORK, Dec. 14. — The governors of the
Stock Exchange, to-day decided to close th*
exchange on December 24. The exchange thus
will 'be closed from Friday, December. 23, until
Tuesday, December 27, in observance of the
Christmas holiday. . '
The, less any man has to . Bay . about
the high opinion h« has of himself the
better. • :
Fonrth race — Nigrette. Ya
dun, Ishtnr. "ill
Fifth race — Sea Air, Squire
Johnson. Prince Brutus.
Sixth race — Red Damsel.
Dusty Miller. Hipponax.
7550 Vulcain (Exell) • 104
7455 Ledus (Ryan) ici
732:: 'IdoRo i Wilson) »«
«1»5 Contestant (Meek) 105
751.1 San Lutlon (Walsworth) 101
75«2 Tamm (Edison) 101'
74tt» Toto Gratiot* (Multnomah Stable) 1W
7588 Mack Habert <Fount»in) 96
7W>3 •Herrneneia (Cahlll) WJ
7551 •Lansrord lames (Cotton) 92
Fourth race— Six furlongs; all ages: eellln?.
.7524 'Venator (Rowell) 10»
75W) •Xigrctte (Jennings) 80
75.1B 'Padua (Josephs) 9s
7542 Sagittarius MGlover) 107
75T.2 'ishtar (Ryan) 90
75C0 '.Stroller (Brinkworth) 104
7524 'Sea Voyage (Miller) 85
Fifth race — Five and a half furlongs; two
year-olds; purse. ■ ,
(74IW)Entre Nous (Nealon) 109
7.M1 Smithy Kane (Hall & Marshall) 1«>
7.-41 Lillitus (Hackett) 112
fi«22 Arisbe (Napa Stock Farm)..- 107
7's>«; Dr. I.esrgo (Wilson) .....110
7516 Sea Air (McLatrghlln) 107
Princess Wheeler (Jennings) 107
75«W> Squire Johnson (Miller) 112
(«CS2) Prince Brutus (Cameron) 107
Sixth ' race — One mile; three-year-olds and
up; selling.
7r-45 Melsterslnger (Healey) ics
7520 Blackthorn (Fink) 108
7510 'Batldor (Fine) 100
7.*>62 Trapsetter (Ezell) 104
7555 'Dusty Miller (Sheridan) 9=T
7565 Red Damsel (Russell) 105
7505 Hipponax (De&ne) ........1(0
73fil Sugden (Sturgeon) : 105
7545 'Mr. Farnum (Wilson) ...10O
7551 Instrument (Baird) 103
'Apprentice allowance,
Model Yachtsmen Amend Rule*.
The members of the San Francisco
Model Yacht Club met last night and
discussed racing rules at length. Sev
eral temporary amendments were
passed. They will be in force until
the . new measurer has his affairs
straightened out. One Is that any boat
whose racing length is, not known by
the regatta committee shall race un
der the 55-inch water line length.
Another, amendment that was
passed concerns the number of boats
each owner may enter in a regatta.
In future a member cannot enter
more than one model. -
It was decided to hold the regatta
postponed • from Thanksgiving : day.
The winning boat will meet the Crick
et, which won the last regatta ami
holds the Dickie cup. The following
boats have been entered: Imp, Crick
et. Coronado. Spreckels. Harpoon.
Stella, Surprise. Alice, Apache and
Piute. ■--"--.
UADT LOBAT LODGE ENTERTAINS.— Th«
entertainment and dance of the Lady Lobat
Lodge, the auxiliary to Clan Fraaer . No 79
Order of Scottish. Clans. .at^the Mission Parlor
Hall last night was a success.
BRITT SEEKS
NO SYMPATHY
"If. "Nelson Wins He Beats
3Je at. my Best,*' Are the
Words of the Native Son
As the davs roll by and the night of
the battle gradually approaches Jimmy
Britt takes even more kindly to the
strenuous task he has undertaken.
There seems nothing lacking now.
Every one who professes to know the
game of fisticuffs agrees that Brltt is
fit, but he insists on working at a hair
raising clip, and nothing seems to stop
him from the moment he enters h:3
gymnasium at the Seal Rock House.
VAs I have said before. Nelson beat 3
me at my best If he beats me next
Tuesday night." That is the way Britt
sizes ud the situation. "I don't want
sympathy. It's the congratulations ol
ray friends I am looking for. I will say
In advance that there will be no com
plaint from me If Nelson gains the ver
dict. If such should be the outcome of
the fight he beats me at my best."
Every one around Camp Britt is sat
isfied with the turn affairs have taken.
••Spider" Kelly declares modestly that
James never worked like this In his
life before. Frank Rafael can swear
he was never hit so hard by any boxer,
while "Tiv" Krellng Is sure Jimmy gets
rougher and tougher every time they
come together in the period of rough
and-tumble that comes off each day.
The spectators increase in numbers
right along. Yesterday there 'was a
mob present, and it was hard work to
keep the gymnasium cleared for action.
The crowd took on an enthusiastic at
titude, and a volume of applause greet
ed Britt and his sparring mates after
each round they reeled off m record
time.
Jimmy put Rafael down In th« third
spasm of their little mixup. He landed
a right and a left on the Jaw while
forcing Frank around the ring, and the
latter could not keep his feet an in
stant longer. It was a spirited mixup
and both were perspiring and dishev
eled after it was over. The go -with
Kreling contained the usual amount of
hugging and wrestling, and Jimmy
managed to maul the stocky little
wrestler around and keep him going all
the time.
After going through his gymnasium
work Jimmy Jumped on the scales and
the beam tipped exactly at 134^ pounds.
He says the plunge in the surf takes
off half a pound each day, besides
hardening the skin and acting as an all
around tonic. Britt never misses two
dally dips, and there is always a crowd
on hand to see him make the daring
plunge.
"I am having quite a time to keep a
couple of pounds above the mark," said
Britt. "I drink all the liquids I want,
including a bottle and a half of porter
before retiring each night. I don't feel
like getting down too fine yet. for I like
to have a few pounds leeway. If neces
sary I can be at weight at a few hours*
notice, so no one need have any fears
on that score, as weight is the easiest
thing I am up against."
Battling Nelson is still grinding away
for his coming battle with Britt. A
large crowd of sporting men Journeyed
to the camp yesterday to watch the
Dane work. All were greatly pleased
with his condition. Young Mitchell and
some friends were among those present.
Bat went through his usual gym
nasium stunts and then boxed a few
rounds each with Eddie Santry and
"Stockings" Kelly.
"Rawhide," as Kelly Is now called,
was cautious of Bat, as he doesn't
wish to see another vision of his future
home.
In the morning Nelson, accompanied
by Marvin Hart and Eddie Santry,
took a tramp to the summit of Mount
Tamalnals. Hart Is working for a pros
pective fight with Kid McCoy. After a
brisk rubdown Nelson weighed 132^
pounds.' He seems to be in the pink of
condition and wishes the date of the
flght was nearer.
Britt a Strons FaTorite.
The first bets on the Brltt-Nelson
flght were recorded yesterday. Brltt
opened a strong 8 to 10 choice.. From
the volume of money offered on him
it is expected these odds will be ham
mered down quickly until they may
touch 1 to 2. Brltt will have a large
following, while Xelson, being a com
parative stranger here, will be backed
chiefly by those who like a Ion* shot.
OLY3IPIAXS PliAY SEVERAI.
LJVELY HAXDBAIiIj GAMES
Levy Beats Rna@ and Young . Kroger
Takes Two Straight Games
From Stratford.
The court of the Olympic Club,
where the soft handball tournament
is in progress, was too small to ac
commodate the members who desired
to see the games last night. ,An on
the opening night of the tournament
the interest was intense. Every clever
play was applauded and the loser re
ceived as big a share of applause as
did the winner.
In the first class Louis Levy defeat
ed Henry Russ after two oX the fast
est games played thus far In the tour
nament. Rusa was handicapped by
the light. Despite this he played a
brilliant game and Levy tired at tha
end. The scores were 21-16. 21-13.
In the second class G. S. Kroger, a
youngster who shows much promise
as a player, defeated S. C. Stratford
21-10, ' 21-14. Lester Hammersmith
was beaten in the third class by Frank
Hooper. 21-17. 21-10.
On Friday evening the following
games will be played: First class — T.
J. Powers vs. George James; F. Bain
vs. A. A. Pockwitz. Second class —
Guy Ransome vs. M. A. Martin. Third
class — William McCarthy vs. W. H.
Young.
The games were refereed last even
ing by Henry Cory. Al Hampton act
ed as scorer. The decisions were Just
and met with universal approval.
It«Is s^so much easier to deceive our
selves than it is to deceive our neigh
bors.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Author cf "HARD'S iSTSTXM OP HAV-
DXCAPPZSO AVD TX7SP SPECTJI^A.
TOS'S QTJIDE."
Suite 3. 4 and 5. Qrerstoo* HoteL
,66 Geary Street, San Francisco
Phone James 2551.
Terms $3.00 aaily: S15 whUt at tSC
Xef •renc«»— Any reputable rmefnc ma i
, In America.MONSTER LINER REACHES PORT
Minnesota a Giant Ship of Great Capacity, and Many Comforts
The Great Xorthem Railroad Com- 1
pany's new liner Minnesota arrived
yesterday morning from the Atlantic.
After a brief detention in quarantine
she steamed up the bay and dropped
anchor off the Union Iron Works. The
Ventura. Sonoma and Sierra have ac
customed the people of this port to
passenger liners of large size, and from
the Korea, Siberia, Mongolia and Man
churia people have learned something
of the superlative degree in modern
passenger carrying freighters. But the
Srinnesota is in a class by herself.
She lacks the speed of some of the big
steamships familiar in these waters,
but in every other respect overtops her
floating sisters as the battleship towers
above the torpedo-boat. She is the big
gest steamship flying the American
Hag. As becomes the newest of Yankee
liners, the has borrowed from the
school of scientific achievement all the
latest ingenuities. She is comfprtable
as soft carpets, broad decks, elevators,
electric heaters, luxurious upholstery
and perfect ventilation can make her.
She could be rammed through and
through in half a dozen places and still
float; cut in two, and each section
would remain on the surface. She is
practically unsinkable.
As a floating: hotel she has no equal
on the Pacific, and the burden of fifteen
miles of freight cars can be stowed
away in her holds.
She is said to have cost more than
52.000.000. and she looks like the price.
She ib C30 feet long:. 75:6 feet beam and
56:1 l>et deep. Her gross tonnage is
20,718. Her cargo capacity is 27.9S2 cu
bic tons. Her total capacity, including
bunkers, is 22,221 tons. When carrying
23,800 tons dead weight the Minnesota
draws thirty-eight feet of water. She
has accommodations for 250 first cabin
passengerg. 6S. intermediate passengers
and 1424 steerage or 1224 troops.
Electricity is the slave which works
moja of the wonders of the Minnesota's
marvelcus internal ecoonomy. There
is an electric heater and a telephone
in every stateroom. The central tele
phone.office, where there will be an op
erator alwaj's on duty. Is one of the
show places of the ship. Passengers in
their rooms can telephone to any de
partment of the ship or can talk over
the wire to any other passenger. The
electric heaters can be shut off or regu
lated by the occupants of the state
rooms by the simple process of turning
a button.
The cooking is all done away down
below, out of Eight, sound and smell
of the passengers. The prepaivd food
is carried by noiseless elevators, or
dumb waiters, from the lower regions
to the dining saloon, where undumb
servitors will distribute It in orthodox
style three times a day. For the bene
fit of eccentric or abnormal appetites
a buffet is maintained in another part
of the ship, where anything from a full
meitl to a sandwich will be served day
or night.
The saloon, around the tables of
which are 1SS comfortable leather-seat
ed chairs. Is handsomely furnished and
artistically lighted. There Is a dainty
ladies' parlor, a well-stocked library
and a smoking-room. In which the most
•worried man in the world could forget
his troubles and imagine himself J. J.
Hill without the railroad magnate's re
sponsibilities.
The handling of cargo will bring lit
tle discomfort to the passengers, as all
the work will be done by thirty-six
noiseless electric winches. The Minne
sota, has nine' pairs of hatches, and in
the forest of cargo booms is one capa
ble of lifting a forty-five ton burden
from the wharf and lowering it swiftly,
gently and without noise to the most
remote corner of the deepest hold.
There are electrical devices in every
part of the ship. In the galley are elec
tric broilers, electric dough mixers,
•electric plates for the making of hot
cakes. In the pilot-house it is electricity
that blows the whistle, electricity that
operates the steering gear, that carries
messages from bridge to engine-room
and other parts of the ship. In the
pilot-house is an electric clock, which
takes charge of the fog signai in thick
weather, and another electric device
which stands guard over the electric
lamps which constitute the side lights
and other law-required illumination. If
one of these lights goes out a bright
lamp glows in the pilot-house and a
bell begins to ring. The lamp glows
end the bell rings until the extin
ruished light is again in commission.
One of the Minnesota's glories Is the
breadth of her clean, white decks. At
the forward end of the bridge deck is
one clear space, 30 by 75 feet, room for
a dozen sets of lancers or for the drill
ing of a battalion of infantry.
The Minnesota's bridge, as she is
now loaded, is sixty-five feet above the
water line. Her smoke stack has a
diameter of nineteen feet fore and aft
by sixteen feet across. She has twin,
triple expansion engines of 10,000 horse
power. She has two thirty-eight-ton
refrigerating machines and sixteen
Niclausse water tube boilers. She is
fitted with a longitudinal bulkhead,
running the entire length of the ship,
has twelve water-tight bulkheads and
twenty-four compartments and a
double bottom which is used for water
ballast and is divided into twenty-two
compartments.
Traveling at fourteen knots per hour
the Minnesota burns 160 tons of coal
in twenty-four hours. On her trial trip
she developed a speed of sixteen knots.
The Minnesota is commanded by
Captain John Truebridge and her oth
er officers are: Chief engineer, George
Allan; chief officer. J. F. Blaine; first
officer. W. S. P. Keyes; second officer,
P. C. Grening, and third officer, John
Duffy.
The Minnesota encountered fine
weather all the way from the Atlantic,
the liner's size impressing even Cape
Horn into keeping the elements in that
neighborhood in order. There was
>ome trouble with the crew whom
Captain Truebridge describes as the
hardest '-roivd he ever went to sea
with.- One of the sailors had a fight
■on the bridge with the second and
E^'rd officers and several of the men
nt varytos spells in irons as a pen
■ w^j* for refusing duty.
Th« Minnesota has 3000 tons of coal
for this port which will be discharged
into lighters. She will not come along
side any whsrf during her stay here.
<lueFts holding invitations will be re
ceived on board to-day, and to-morrow
tn* big linT will be open to the inspec-
TO ADVERTISERS.
j Owing to . the large
i amount of work incident to
the issue of THE CALL
HOLIDAY EDITION,
SUNDAY, DEC. 18, NO
DISPLAY ADVERTIS-
.ING copy will be accepted
for that edition after 6
P. M. Saturday, and NO
CLASSIFIED Ads after 9
P. M.
PET YOUR COPY IN
EARLY.
GREAT NORTHERN RAILWAY COMPANY'S MAGNIFICENT NEW PACIFIC LINER, WHICH ARRIVED IN PORT YESTERDAY.
tion of , the general public. After dis
charging her -coal -she- will coritirfue her
voyage to Seattle,', between which port
and the Orient -she will<run. -Her twin
sister, the Dakota, is .nearly finished
and will start for this coast early next
year. >' ■ . .... '/.>• •.
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE. ...
Steamer. From. I Due.
Cxarina ' Coos Bay Dec. 15
G. Dollar:.... ! Grays Harbor |Dec. 15
Northland j Portland & Astoria 'Dec. 15
F. A. Kilbiirn.! Portland & Coos Day. Dec. 15 j
Jeanie .... i Seattle & Tacoma 'Dec. 15 •
Breakwater j Coos Bay P eC- 15
Arcata ! Coos Bay iDec. 15
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Pts.lDec. 15
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Arena! Dec. 15
Argo Bel River Ports . . . . Dec. 15
G. V*\ Elder.". Portland & Astoria Dec. 15
Elizabeth Coqullle River Dec. 15
Redondo...... Portland & Astoria Dec. 15
Pomona Humboldt Dec. 16
City Peking... New York via Aneon..!Dec. 16
Mongolia j China & Japan...: IDec. 16
Chico CoQUllle River -..Dec. 10 j
Vanguard I Humboldt ....Dec. 16 j
Del None Crescent City ........... |Dej. 16.^
Empire Coos Bay >....«. Dec. 10 <
F. H. Letrgett Humboldt - •• Dec. 16
M.S. Dollar.. China & Japan D*c. 17
Queen Puget Sound Ports IDec. 17
Eureka Humboldt IDec. 17
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts. Dec. 18
Arctic........ Humboldt 'Dec. 18
S Monica Grsys Harbor ....' Dec. 18
San Pedro.... Humboldt , Dec. 18
Centralla Grays Harbor Dec. 19
Corona Humboldt pec 19
State of Cal.. Ban Diego &■ Way Pts. Dec. 19
Columbia Portland & Aetorla. . . .IDec. 20 !
Potno.--. Point Arena & Albion. 'Dec. 20 !
San Jose New York via Ancon..|Dec. 21
Aurelia Portland & Astoria IDec. 21
»ko Hamburg & Way PortslDec. 21
City Puebla... Puget - Sound Ports.... Dec. 22
North Fork... Humboldt Dec. 22
Bonlta Newport & \N ay Ports . Dec. 22
Marlposa Tahiti ...Dec. 23
A nubis 1 Hamburg A Way PortgjPec. 2o
TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination. Salls.l Pier.
December 15. "I
C. Nelson... Astoria & Portland 5 pm I Pier 20
Rainier Seattle _ BIMnghm 4 pm'Pler 10
Corona Humboldt . . .. , 1:30 p|Pier 9
Ptateof Cal. San Diego & War. » am'Pler 11
Porno... Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm I Pier 2
Newburg Grays Harbor 4 pmlPler 10
G. LJndauer. Grays Harbor. ...".. 1 pmiPler 2
December 16. j
ITmatilla...'. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Northland... Los Angeles Ports. 9 am Pier 27
G Dollar... Grays Harbor : . 4 pm Pier 20
Czarjna Coos Bay direct... 5 pm Pier 8
F. Leggett.. Los Angeles Ports. 12 miPier 2
December 17." I
Breakwater. Cooe Bay direct... 6 pmlPler 8
Point Arena. Point Arena 4 pmlPler 2
Argo Eel River Ports... 4 pmlPler 2
Arcata Coos Bay direct,.. 12 miPier 13
Bonlta Newport & Way.. 9 amlPier 11
Menex Hamburg & Way. 10 amlPler 19
Ban Mat eo. . Cent. Amer. Ports. 12 mlPler 40
N. Fork Humboldt ...'.. ....V 9 am'Pier 20
Siberia China & Japan 1 pmjPler 40
Newport N. Y. via Ancon.. 12 miPier 40
F Kllburn.. Portland & Way... 4 pm I Pier 27
Fllzabeth... Coquille River 1 .... jSmlPler 9.0
iVanguard.. Humboldt :'.,'. 5 pmlPler 27
Ijeanie Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pmlPler 20
December 18. I
G W Elder A*toria &. PoYtland 11 amlPier 24
Pomona Humboldt l:30plP!er 9
g Beta San Diego & Way. 9 amlPier 11
s' Monica... Lo« Anrel»;s Ports. 2 pmlPler 2
December 19. ' V I
Kurcka Humboldt 9 amiPler 13
CentraKa Los Angeles Ports. 10 amlPier 10
December 31. |
n ue( >n Puget Sound 'Ports. 11 amlPier 9
Coop Bay... 45a n. Pedro & Way. 9 amlPier 11
Arctic Humboldt, ;.... 9 amlPler 2
SanPedro.. Humboldt .. ... 10 amlPler 2
.>".-. . I December 22. j ■ |
Ventura Sydney * Way Pts 2 pmlPler 7
December, 23. I
Columbia. .- Astoria & Portland IT amlPier 24
Sequela Wlllapa Harbor. .. 4' pmlPler 20
December 24. I I
City Peking- China-, & Japan. ...112 miPier 40
Aufella Astoria .& Portland! 4 pmlPler 27
FROM SEATTLE.
Steam ex. f - 1 Destination. .- Sails.
Alkl Skagway & Way Ports. Dec. 15
Santa Clara. . . Seldovla _ 'Way : Port*. Dec. 16
Cottage City.. Skagway _ Way Ports. Dec-17
Jefferson 1 Skagway $ Way- Ports. Dec 19
Time Ball.
Branch- Hydrogravhlc . Office./ It 8.. N.. iler
' chanU* Exchange, . San . Francieco, Cal.,
• ' December 14. 1904. '
.The Time Ball on . the tower Of the- Ferry
tulldlng was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
I e. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m. Greenwich time.. 3. C~ BURNETT. .
. Lieutenant. U. 8. N.V in charge.
Sun, 'Moon and Tide.
United States Coast an<J Geodetic . Survey—'
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, 'THURSDAY. : DECEMBER ; 15;. ,1904
at Fort Point, entrance to San, Francisco
Bay. Published by official -authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters- occur at
the city front (Mlsaion-strect -wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; Uhe height
of tide !» the same -at both place*. • - *-••
• THURSDAY, DECEMBER 15.
Bun- rises ». . . . . . .7:18
Sun sets 4:52
Moon sets 0:12 a. m.
O jTlme • jTime' (Time Time
JIM Ft. 1 Ft. I Ft. Ft.
f IH-W |L \V| ill W L W
15 I 6:12 5T27F2735I 2.4! 6:12 3.2111 :50 L9
16 I C:51 5.2 1:27 1.91 7:30 3.5|
!L \Y H W| |L \V III \V
17 0:3S| 2.2' 7:30 5.31 2:07 1.51 8:31 3.3
18 1:25' 2.4| 8:05 5.3 2:47 0.S 1 9:31 3.7
19 2:Cfl' 2.6| 8::;7 5.513:27 0.2110:22 4.0
20 ! 2:62| 2.7| 9:12! 5.7| 4:00|— 0.3111:09 4.0
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the Iff t
hand column and the successive tides of the
j day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column glvea the last tide of the
day, except whtn there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
j Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
1 sign precedes the height, and then the number
j given is subtracted from the depth given by
' the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
! of. the lower low waters.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednerday, December 14.
Stmr Porno, A hi In. 12 hours from Albion, via
Po'nt Arena 10 hours.
Stmr Minnesota, Truebridge, 74 days from
Norfolk, via Bahia 50 day*, via Coronel 21
days. v
Stmr Corona, Glelow. 19 hours from Eureka.
Stmr v Geo Loomls, Monroe, 26 hours from
Redondo.
Stmr Santa Barbara, Zaddart. 71 hours from
Grays Harbor; bound south; called in to land
passengers.
• Stmr North Fork. Nelson, . 26 hours from
Eureka.
Schr John A. Olsen, 3 days from Eureka. .
CLEARED.
Wednesday, -December 14.
Nor stmr Titanla, Foyn. Ladysmith and Na
nalmo; Western Fuel Company.
Stmr Mackinaw. Storrs, Vletorla, B C;
Michigan Steamship Company.
Stmr State of California. Thomas, San Di
ego and way ports; Pacific Coast Steamship
Company.
Br shlD Dltton. Davis, Sydney; J _ A
Brown.
! Br ship Drumcralg. Barneson, Sydney;
Eddy, Falk and American Trading Company.
SAILED.
Wednesday, December 14.
Stmr W H Krurer, Nordberg, Eureka.
Stmr Arctic, Nelson. Eureka.
Stmr Brooklyn, Carlson, Mendoclno.
Stmr Eureka. Jessen, Eureka.
Nor «tmr Tltanla.tFoyn, Ladysmtth.
Stmr Santa Barbara, Zaddart, San Pedro.
Stmr Brunswick. Ellefsen, Fort Bragg.
8tmr Homer. Donaldson, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Mackinaw. Storrs, , Victoria.
Br bark Rose, Wrleht, FremanUe..
' Schr Luzon. Anderson, Columbia' River.
Schr Irene, Mitchell. Astoria.
Schr.. Lizzie Vance, Jensen. Grays Harbor.
Schr Mary C, Campbell. Bodega.
TELEORAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Deo 14, 10 d m — Weather
foggy and calm.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Dec 13— Stmr Shasta,
hence Dec 11.
EVERETT— Arrived Dec 13— Bark Coloma,
from Ssn Diego. ' .
COOS BAY— Sailed Dec 14— Stmr F A Kll
burn, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE: — Sailed Dec 13. 12 p m— Stmr
Meteor. -for San- Franc!s?o. Dec 14, 9 a m
Stmr Queen, for San . Francisco.
Arrived Dec 14— Stmr City of Puebla, hence
Dec 11; 10:30 a m, etmr Robert Dollar, hencs
Dec 10. . ,■
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Dec 13— Schr Kona,
from Grays Harbor. . .
Arrived Dec 14 — Schr Kona, from Grays
Harbor; *tmr Samoa, hence Dec^ 12. :■ -■
PORT TOWNSEND — Arrived Dec 14 Br
! ship Madagascar, hence Dec 7.
j Passed Inward Dec 14 — Schr Meteor from
San Pedro, for Port Had lock. :
j ASTORIA— Arrived Dec 14 — Stmr Aurella,
hence D*c ll. :
Arrived Dec. 14 — Schr El Dorado, from
TSIntau. ....■_ .
■ GUALA LA— Sailed Dec 14— Stmr Scotia, for
San Francisco.
CRESCENT CrrX— Sailed Dec 14— Stmr Del
Norte, for San Francisco. „ .
REDONDO — Arrived Dec 14— Stmr "National
City, '»ence ■ Dec 12.
BANDON— Arrived Dec 14— Schr Advance,
hence D*c 9. - - . .- ,
-•EUREKA— Sailed Dec 14^ — Stmrs Phoenix
and Arrd. for San Francisco. ■ .-.■..-■--...
Outside* Dec 14 — Brisr. Tanner, bound south
for Ean Francisco, v •
ISLAND PORTS;
. MAHUKONA— Sailed Dec 9— Schr Ofora, for
Serf Francisco. . : : • . ■■-
. HONOLULU— Arrived Dec 13— Schr Defi
ance, ' from Grays Harbor.' and not schr De
fender; ship Dlrlgo, from Shanghai. " Dec 14— '
Br stmr ; Aorangi, . from * Brisbane, for ..Van-'
couver; schr C Kennedy, from Port Townsend.
Weather Report.
'.'..: (120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 14—5 p. m.
• The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures arfc. reported for the previoua day:
Boston..;., ,30-12 ?Iew York.,,. 2S-11
Chicago .... .22-16 Philadelphia .....34-16
Cincinnati'....... .24-S Plttsburg ;... 30-16
Honolulu.' H. I...80-«8St. Louis. ... .28-10
Jacksonville- 80-48 Washington 32-12
New Orleans 34-40
SAN*, FRANCISCO: '. 82-50
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date last
pfason, and rainfall in last twenty-four hcura:
| ' Laot This Last
Stations — 24 hours. Reason, seasons
Eureka Ofl 11. IS 14.45
Red Bluff CO 11.89 8.4ft
Sacramento .01 7.80 3.79
San Francisco 00 9.00 4.54
Fresno ."...: .00 . ft.Ott • O.tfS
Independence ....; 00 0.4S 0.42
San Luis Obispo 00 4.73 0.60
Los Angeles CO 1.48 0.43
San EMego 00 0.23 0.40
THE COAST RECORD,
•STATIONS. I.V'fgfi li" f° I
• - " a 3 : ' •
Baker ...30.12 34 30 NW Cloudy .0>
Carscn 30.24 60 2s W Cloudy .00
Eureka .30.38 66 52 W Cloudy ' .06
Fresno 30.32 60 44 SE Cloudy .00
S.E. Farallon.30.33. 58 55 N Cloudy .00
Flagstaff .....30.16 46 18 »NB Pt.Cldy .00
Pocatello .....30.26' 34 22 E Cloudy .04
Independence .30.26 ■ 58 34 E Pt.Cldy .00
Los Angelea..30.1S ; 70 -50 w Clear .00
Mt Tamalpals.30.34 48 44 NW Foggy " .00
North Head... 29. 80 54 46 S Rain .66
Phoenix 30.18 <V4 36 E Clear .no
Pt Reyes Lt. 30.29 56 50 NW Cloudy .00
Portland .....29.06 54 48 S Rain .42
Red Bluff 30.38 46 44 SE Cloudy .00
Roseburg 30.24 56 46 S Cloudy .00
Sacramento ,.30,36 50 44 S Cloudy .01
,Salt Lake 30.26 38 30- E , Cloudy .16
San Francisco. 30. 38 52 50 NW Cloudy .00
San L. Obispo.30.24 68 50 N Clear .00
San Diego 30.16 72 f>2 NW Clear .00
Seattle 20.70 54 42 SE Rain .44
Spokane 29.82 44 34 8 Cloudy .26
Walla Walla.. 29. 02 56 42 S Cloudy .20
Wlnnemucca .30.24 48 36 S\V Cloudy Tr.
Yuma 30.18 72, 38 NE Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
A storm of much Intensity overlies the north,
em half of th« Pacific Coast and will probably
pans rapidly eastward.
Wind Is blowing at the rate of sixty miles
per hour, from the south, .at North Head.
Heavy rain is falling in Washington and
Northern Oregon.
Tule fog prevails in the Sacramento and
_^5an Joaquin valleys.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, December 15: '
• California,- north of Tehachapl,— - Cloudy
Thursday, with tule fog in the valleys and
probably rain in northern portion: fresh south
wind*. '
California south of Tehachapl— Fair Thurs
day: light north wind.
Nevada— Cloudy Thursday.
San Francisco . and ■ vicinity — Cloudy Thurs
day light north winds, changing to westerly.'
Los Angeles and vicinity— Fair Thursday;
light north wind.
Sacramento— Foggy Thursday; light south
wind.
Fresno — Foggy Thursday; light south wind.
A. G. McADIE, District Forecaster.
!«j — . ., • ;..: ' ;.• — +
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Dec 13 — Stmr Advance,
for Colon. :
Arrived Dec 14— Stmr City of Washington,
from Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
! SANTA ROSAI-IA— 'Arrived Nov . 27— G«r
ship A:«ter/< from • Hamburg.
HONGKONG — Arrived . Nov 30 — Br etmr
Keemun from ■ Liverpool, for Seattle.
Sailed Dec 13— Stmr Stanley Dollar., for
DOVER— Passed • Dec 12— Br stmr Oanfa,
from Tacoma. for Liverpool.
NEW • CALEDONIA-— Arrived Nov 28— Fr
bark Alice, hence Oct 15. . ■ ■
u SYDNEY— Arrived Nov 23— Br stmr Canada
Cape, from Cape Town. . .
"-.TAHITI— Arrived'-; Dee 7— Stmr Marlposa,"
hence Nov 25. ■-: -: . •
- TEN ERIFFE— Arrived Nov 26— Ger stmr
Serapla,-' from Hamburs, :for Ban • Francisco. " '
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Dec 12— Br stmr Em
press of China, from Vancouver. .
ANTWERP— In " r>ort Nov 30— Rums ship
Fennia, for San Francisco, i , - .
.NEWCASTLE. AUS— Sailed Nov 29— Br ship
Llnllthgowshire, for. Panama.
ADELAIDE— Arrived. Dec 14— Br bark Pit
cairn Island, hence July 20.
Memoranda.
Per stmr Minnesota, -at San Francisco Dec
14 ■ from ; Norfolk — Sailed 1 from Norfolk on' Oct
1 ; ' DUt ' into . Bahia ' on •, Oct .19 for ■, water, - and
sailed 'Oct 25: put 'into Coronel on 'Nov . 13 for
fuel, - and , sailed ? again on Nov 23; have on
board 3000 tons of coal for San Francisco and
7000 tons coal for' Seattle. '.''"" '}■?' ._".*'
The; stmr DiriKO, • which arrived at Seattle
last night- from ' Skagway, went on the beach
at j Bella Bella; 'good weather saved vessel
from being a total loss; vessel is damaged,
but to what extent not yet ascertained; vessel
will be drydocked for examination.
Exports for Hawaii.
The eteamer Nevadan sailed on Tuesday for
Honolulu and Kahulul, with a general mer
chandise carro. valued at $1C5,S75, and in
cluding the- . following : 1775 bbls flour, 10,480
lbs 2 cs bread, 12S ctls wheat, 5050 ctls barley,
44 ctls oats, 2CO.0S2 lbs bran, 118.OS7 lbs mid
dlings. 3S0 bales hay, 43,028 lbs beans, 161.100
lbs rice. 24,390 lbs sugar. 750 gals wine, 35 cs
liquors. 25 Cs whisky, 4C45 lbs 8 ea coffee,
87 bbl* 78 cs salmc.n, 2000 lbs meals, 500 lbs
glucose, 12,400 lbs oleomargarine, 788 lbs but
ter, 1544 lbs 6 cs cheese, 4 cs eggs, 109 pkgs
table preparations, 1270 lbs tea, 4C0S lbs dried
fish. 7303 lbs salt, 48 pkgs groceries and pro
visions. 1S0O cs canned goods. 11,350 lbs lard.
11S8 gals 4 cs vinegar, 18,080 lbs codfish, J06
pkgs olives, 72 pkgs onions, 301 pkgs potatoes.
_'_'.-- ADVERTISEMENTS.
Men, i Want to Talk to
You About This Belt.
•^*2fc^ I want to talk to^ men who have pains and
\ tifo9^*\ aches, who feel run down physically, who re-
BJBfsrj- I , alize that the old "fire" and energy which was
TO. \ so evident in youth is absent now; men who
ra^-jflr can't stand the amount of exertion they could
years ago. I want you —
/V/t\ s£ if that means you — to see
\? /%7\ what I have done for
X^ /r^^^. 1 fys others who were just as
/ sN^^ \$ 'AVMdSl. SJ\& bad off - That's my in-
/ sM \\v\X^\ T>^ f^ak, >f//M& troduction. It a friend in
I 111 wMC vm&fowfifm whom y° u had confidenc -
\ r5il?^*»^ here's Brown; he has made
\'*Z7* .f V^Vlnrdl ~'S good with me, and I trust him,"
\ >^>#^^-jy^L«1lAl wouldn't you trust him. too?
V^fSir^^p^OOr ' t^^- Now, if you don't feel right,
fliuffrl^ 'IHwT^--*"*" can curc you with my Electric
7 ~ ■^ c ' t< you are tu^ ot " eu '
--- =:^5M^3feHrt^-~-r" — matic pains, I can knock them
I out - I can pour °'' mto your
■'i >= 5P1>^^lll 1 wl| Vv^O^ joints and limber them up. I
/ 1 1 \ ' iave °^ ten sai(^ pain and
/ ' \\ |:%rifK electricity can't live in the same
f'i | Jn\ W i|i LSi^^' house, and I prove it every day.
I ;J* f \\ •' • Ij'fp^^^^l Mr- W. H. Jenison of Goldfleld. Nev., writes:
Ijjjl j 1/ /j f ll' V BnKEl^Bi " J have been improving right alans. I dan't
|i;Ji I ' I :| jiKilS^seMk pPt tired, as I usM to; my appetite is (rood.
ll/ia J I Iji !|«MS§y£*f§» dlcestlon perfpot, I feel as utronsr as I ev»r
l|Ri I jl II ,'wliaraSroSa was and thank you very much for your as-
*■*•"• / If D^l^"*^ slstance nnd advice."
/ rllliff " If it were.not for the prejudice due to
5[KaSOT<r«*gB5tfi? the arreat number of fakes in the land Z
|&»f^aw2A%£[ would not be able to handle the business
fniil/nflraiiw that would come to me. The "Free Belt"
IIIIIHI/fcififPa fraud and the 'Tree Dru?" scheme.
llllil"""*"'**. . • which are not free at all, have made
- every one skeptical, but Z know that Z
have n trood thincr. and I'll hammer away until you know it.
One thing every man ought to know is this. Your body is a
machine. It. runs by the steam in your blood and nerves. When you
.; begin to break down in any way you 'are out of steam. That's just
. what I want to give you back.
■ % ■- Z have a oure in every town. .Tell me where you live and Z will srive
you the name of a man I've cured.-; .
Tell me your trouble and I will tell you honestly whether I can
cure you or not. If I can't cure you I don't want your money. I
have been in this business 22 years, and I am' the biggest man in it
to-day by long odds, and I am growing yet, because I give every
mari'all he pays for.
' Now, : wouldn't you rather wear my life-giving appliance while
you sleep every night, and feel, its glowing warmth flowing into you
and feel yourself. taking on a new-lease of life with each application,
• than 'to'clog your intestines up with a lot of nauseous drugs? Surely!
Try me. . .
Mr. H. A. Berkenkamp of. Clarksburg. Cal., says: "I am completely cured of
- an "unusually •' se\^re case of : rheumatism, something dozens of doctors have tried
hut 'failed to do for me, so you. may rest assured that I require no further evidence
of th* ability; of your; Belt as a curative asent." v - ' ■ "• .-,;
. Ifyou will come and see me Til explain It to you. If you can't call let
me send you my book, full of the things a man finds inspiring: to strength
and courage. Free If you send this ad.
DR. M. C. iVlcLAUGHLIN fiO %^t^ilS5c^ <^: m '-
..; Of Re* hours — 8 ; a. m. to 8 ' p." m. ; - Sundays,-; 10 1 to * 1 . •-.-.■
TALENT RIGHT
IN FIVE RACES
Favorites Do as They Like,
but One Long Shot Nearly
Bankrupts the Wise Ones
LOS ANGEI/ES, Dec. 14.— It was a
great, day for favorites at Ascot to
day, five of them finishing first. The
other race fell to a strongly backed sec
ond choice. Dug Martin, a 100 to 1
chance, came to life suddenly and was
only beaten out half a length In the
fifth race. Maggie Mackey finished
third in the second race, but was dis
qualified for fouling Iftilph Reese. The
latter wae placed third. Wlnnifreda
at 1 to 2. El Otros at 1 to 3. The Major
at 6 to 5. Chub at even and Interlude
at 4 to 5 were the winning favorites.
The books were hard hit by the form
players. Summary:
First race. : six furlongs. ••"tof^SSi'^ioi
1W (Herbert). 1 toX.'on; B T lu ' r n f|«' 100
(Moriaritv). SO to I. J*^: I £ft ad0 Ti 1 M
(McDanlel). 15 to 1 third;- Time. 1.16. TUen
El Orlfente! Evermore. Helgersen and Breton
a! iec££ race, flve.and a half '"'•nj^M
Otros. 110 (Hlidebrand) 1 to 3 ""IL^ig^-
OS rw Miller) 75 to 1. second; Ralpn Keese.
seven furlong.. "™»*-™* t *Z
Jor. 110 (McDaniel). 6 to 5. won ; Galanthus.
106 (Hlldebrand). 10 to }t,£ em %-™' l *\ T :oJP
<ijiwrpnce) 0 to 1, third- Time, i.^n^.
iifnd^r Estado. Blissful and Straggler also
race, one and a "i^eenth miles. sell
ing-Chub. 100 (J. Clark), ' t0 10 / . w< *- "?■
Griithiana. Prince. 107 (Dugan). J to 1. «^
ond; Cinclnnatus. 105 (R. Powers). 15 to 1.
tl.ird. Time. 1:48. Harbor also ran
Fifth race, seven furlongs. ■•"'"JT™.^
BP Slnnott). 0 to 2, won; Dug -Vf
(McCornas). 1C0 to i w?°nd; Dusky Secret.
o« (Moriarlty) 5 to 1. third. Time, l.^avj.
liuwrtiea FIlo?. William F H. Erne and
Hl <T'x?n "racT'lttuTon 11 "co« R «. selling-Inter:
lute 111 miWrt«n«. 4 to 5 won; Potrero
Grande. 103 <McDar.!el) 4 to 1 h 8 . e « ond Tlm '-
I lSss%iiu to .&iS5•o l 2K
also ran.
FIFTY-SIX GREYHOUNDS , <
IN. UNION PARK STAKES
Two Events, Making Up This Week's
Card, AVill Be Decided on
Sunday. ■
Fifty-six greyhounds will start »in
two stakes at Union Coursing Park on
Sunday. Eight of the dogs are en
tered in .the Class stake and the re
mainder in the Reserve event. The
draw last night resulted as follows:
Class stake, eicht entries— Belle Free vs.
Qulta; J E H vs. Richard Anton; Mcvey vs.
Carlow»Boy; The Referee vs. Barge.
Reserve stake, forty-eight entries— Miss Lu
cille vs. Aggie W; Sunny brook vs Quicksand:
Becky Sharp vs. Medea; Liberator vs. Tha
Sheriff: Ampins GTrl vs. Bob R; Doc_ Burns
vs. Mimico; Van ?*ora vs. Belfast; Durazzo
vs. Encore; General Dewet vs. Sylvester; John
Heenan vs. Belle Marie; Anna Ryne vs. North
ern Alarm; The Raider vs. McHenry; Idaho
Boy vs. Foxhunter; Rush Away vs. Whoa Bill
Mount Rose vs. Mellinwood; Runaway Actress
vt Ready Address; Texas Jill vs. Mickey
Wee; Jl*amaroo vs. Texas Mamie; Aeolus va.
Miss Green: Sherman vs. Renegade Apache.
Stingaree vs. Kalispel; Racing Auto vs. Judge:
Texls Hoc Hoo vsl Little Mercy; Yellowstone
vs. lone Hill. ,,\
Bicycle Riders Are Suspended.
BOSTON, Dec. 14.— The eight bi
cycle riders who refused to finish' the
six-day race in New* York last week
have been punished by the National
Cycling Association, suspension and
fines being Imposed.
118 DkJts fresh fruits and vegetables 20 ca
grape Juice 130 bis 17 cs baking powder. 270
pkgs paste, 20 « chocolate, 1912 lbs ham and
bacon. 7 cs frozen oysters. 300 lbs hops, 60O
lbs dried fruit. 29,388 ft lumber, *&&>****£?
pea mill work. 43 pkgs machinery. 137 ca g*so
llne 1025 ca coal oil. 7 pkM rubber roods. 13
pkgs electrical supplies. 45 pkg« acid 25 cs
turpentine. 500 bbl» lime. 344 pkgs paints and
0llsVl5 bdls 27 bars steel 17 bbls 28 cslubrl
catlng oil, 627 bxs soap. 85 pkga dry goods. 60
coils roDe. 3040 lbs tobacco. «1 ts boot» and
shoes 9 bdls 45 pes pipe, 29 pkgs drugs and
sundries. 39 pkg» 3« pes wagon material. 356
pkgs railroad material. 1< bbls 6 cs tar. 15
bbls pitch, 70 txa candles, 81 pkgs matches
15C0 redwood posts. 1C0 pkgs nails, 58 bdls 152
PCs iron. 235 pkgs building material 20^ bales
oakum 350 bdls barbed wire, 1638 ft 180 pc»
hardwood. 1540 gals distillate. 18 bales duck.
50 sks coal, 70 cs dynamite.
ApVEKTISI31EyTS. v
• Buy One To-Day
H .tXCRI.T.KNT LEATHER SHOP- I
B PING BAGS — Durably lined. J two 1 1
K pockets (one containing purse,- an— t
M other a cardcase). has braided It
W leather handle; a specially good j
n value. Our price $l_o. j-J
kj We have a larger and Choicer Uoe 8
RJ of Shppp i ng Bags, Card Caaaa, ! |
Eg Purses. Wailota this season than, j
Ff formerly, from «#Oc up. »•
K CHRISTMAS CARDS AND ART IJ
f9 CALENDARS in splendid variety. it
B CONKLJN'S SELF . FILLING W&
H P1X, the perfect fountain pen, for H
*I men or women. Sa.O«> to |tS.OO. nf
L* Mall Orders Promptly Filled. ,4
B THAT MAM PITTS. • \\
m F. W. P1TT3, THE STATIONER, fj
■klPflS Market st., Opp. .Fifth. S. F. • H
There's Only One Way to
Get the Best -of Whisky
And that la to let It alone. If you try
any other way lt will get the best of!
you. If you can't let it alone you need
Dr. McKanna's treatment. Dr. McKan-
na cures the liquor habit by destroying
the desire for liquor and putting the
system In its natural condition, wher*
liquor is not needed to help the machin*
ery of the body to do its work. Dr.
McKanna effects a complete cure in thre»
days without the use of dangerous hy-
podermics, annoying confinement or bad
after effects. Dr. McKanna's treatment
Is absolutely safe and cannot harm ths
most delicate constitution. Why waste
time and money In drinking whisky
when you can be cured of the liquor
habit In three days with.no chance o£
failure, no risk and no unpleasantness?
Think lt over and call or write Dr. Mc-
Kanna for full Information. Address 14
Geary street, San Francisco. Cal. Phona
1037 Main.
'
fi visit DR. JORDAN'S orzat^
4MUSEUH OF AHSTOMY^
0 _$ ISaitASII? Sg-trt. 6:h*7a, 3.rg_, A
\ fef. The Lamu Anatomical Museum io :b< \
£J jpC9_^ World. WaUunm or any contracted Q
_ TOS5h dileiM |ra«t il»el j carvel nj th« oldest Y
0 f£nl Spetuiitcoo ti« Co«»i Eit. 36 yean. 0
A &&$££> DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEM 4
\ jffS^fi Consultition fret and »trlrt!y prlrite. \
Q i Jtj\j ii Trnarmetit penonal.y or b» letter. A Q
■ \ fi V tI H '•"*•• Ctmm srery cuemdenake*. \
APll llBt Write for Book. PHIl.O«orn Y *f A
" 1 I * B**BUce. MAiLao raaa. Iky
A it It T »'"» bl * ixf " 1 iot »">) - - . \
V OIL JUBDAK A CO.. 1081 Mark-t St.. 9. F. Y
CUTLERY
EVERY BLADE WARRANTED
1 ■ ■
I j^^^^n MEN AND WOMEN.
. «_w»^CU_£? l 4fM Cia Bis O for annatar.-U
; _SSr — » •" ' a»y*^Ei <llschargei,Infi«nimatlon«.
1 »»A» Oaarantwd _ Irritations or nlcsratiou
o^~S no% w • t ' lotllTt ' of mnooai tceaabranai.
' 8^ ni Pny*u ComutUu. Palnleif, and not Mtrla«
RJSVheE»1.!SCHEM:CAIC8. g«nt or poUonona.
IdA ClW!H!UTl.D.Jf?!rg Maid by DrniTitU,
us. A. 2_w4^ or MQt ln Pl»la wT*m*r %
JtMxfrfrl _^?1 *>J «xpre«. prepaid, foe
11 iurir*^^ ~ ciroolsr fact oa naoMt-
|^_ OCEAN TRAVEL.
- . '.' .. • t •■■■ ■ , I
vtffr"_>>w Steamers of company, or
yySl^^SwV '°f which it la aa-ent. l«»v»
f&L yfiA Pte " 9 and 1J . Sa a Fraa-
| V^S5V 1 I For Ketchi'xan. Wrangel.
1 \ \1*»TO> I Juneau. Treadwell, mines,
\«\. \\ yfll Skaguay. etc Ala«ka— 11 _
. yys<> m., Dec. 16. 21. 26. 31, Jan.
\ xl^tSr^' 5 - Change to this company' »
i fteamers at Seattle.
i For Victoria, Vancouver. Port Town*end.
' Seattle. Tacoma. Everett. Anacortas, Soutti
' BelliDgbani, Belllnsham — 11 a. in.. Dee. 16.
I 21. 2tS. 31. Jan. 5. Chantre at Seattle to this
company's steamers for Alaska and O. X. Ry. ;
: at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. I;y. ; at via-
I couver to C. P. Rt.
I For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
I p. m.. Dec. IS, 24, 30, Jan. 5. Corona, l:J0
p. m., Dec. 15, 21, 27. Jan. 2.
For Los Angeles (via Port Lo« Anceles and
Bedondo). San Dle?o and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California, Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Lo* Angrelea (via San Pedro and Ea3t
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Crux. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (San>
Lais Obl*po>. Ventura and Hueneroe.
Bonlta. 0 a. m., Dec. 17. 2fi. Jan. 2.
Coon Bay. 0 a. m.. Dec. 13. 21, 2!>. Jan. 9. 1
For Ensenada. MaRdalena Bay. San Jn*» •i»\
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz. Sant;i Rnsa:H
Guaymas (Ilex.). IO a. m., "th of each month"
For further information obtain folder. Right
is reserved to change steamer? or salllnc; dat-s.
TICKET OFFICES — ♦ New Montam*»
ery »t. (Palace HoteD.lO Market >>t., and B.-na4«
way wharves. Freight O£2ce 10 Mark?t st.
C. D. DUNANN. Oen?ral Passenser Ansnt.
; 10- Market st.. San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutler St.. —til
call for and check barea^e from hotels an>i
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
AMERICAN LINE.
Plymouth — Cherbourg — Southamntoa.
1 St. Paul Dec. 24f Philadelphia Jan. ?
St. Louis Dec. '3l!*ZTd.Jan. 14.10:30 am.
•Calllnr at Dover, for London an<1 Parts. .
I ATLANTIC TEAUSPOET _I1T_.
i Hew Tcrk — Iicndon Direct.
Men'm'e, Dpc.24.1i> amIMesaba.Jan. 7 lo a.m.
Mntnka. Dec.ai. 1 pm'MInhaha.Jan. ' 14.11 :S'>
RED STAB T.TBTS.
! Hew TTcrk — Antwerp— Loufioa — Paris.
Calling at Dover for • Lnndrn and Paris.
• Kroonland I>c. LM[%.~>Iand Jan. l»
i Vaderland D«r. Si!^Inland .Tan. 21
: WHITE STAB T&TE.
• New York — Oneenstow _ — _lven>ool.
, Baltic. Dec. 2^. 10 amjT«>utnnlc.Jan 11.ioa.-n
Cedric. Jan. 4. 4:30 am 1 Majestic J)in. ii»
BoBton^-Qneensto-wTi — liivemofll.
Winifredian, ...Jan. 4|Cynr.lc Jan. 23
[ znsw tobx Airo bcsto- dxkxct
1 To the Mediterranean.
t Olhraltar. Vanles. Genoa. Alexaadrla.
FROM XETV YORK.
i REPUBLIC .A Jan. II. F»h. 2S
I CRETIC F»b. 4. March IS
!• FROM BOSTON*.
! CANOPIC Jan. 7. Feb. tS
ROMANIC. Jan. 2«. March 11
C. D. TAYLOR. Passenger Airpnt Pacific Coajt
I 21 Post gt.. San Francisco.
QCC3DICS.S.CG. S\ilw«T
S. S. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney.. Thursday. Dec. 22. 2 P. M.
S S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Dec. 21. 11 A.M.
S. S- MARIPOSA, fcr Tahiti. Dec. 31, 11 A. U.
: J.P.£fBEC__LS _ BSQ3. CO.. Aj;i.Tlct2t0ac35t3 l\:-
tei Irsigiit 0iuC3 327 Kara a. Pisr 7. Pacite ;:
i DIRECT LINE TO HAVK_-PAK!_ .V, '■'
; calling «very A Thursday instead of 4E, j rr_
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from l'i«r "*S.~\
42 North Klver. loot of Morton it.
51r»t cla«» to Harr«. "9 and upward. 8«o-
ond elas» to Harre. *45 and upward. (iE.\.
i ERAL AGENCT FOR UNITKD STATES AXO
i CANADA 32 Broadway < Hudson bu:idtnc».
Kew York. J. F. VMQAZS A CO.. Pactn< Coui
Agents 5 Montgomery a v«nue. San Francisco^
i T'.eket*' sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
' Por IT. S. »a— 7 Yard and Vallajo.
i 6tra. General Krisbie. Monticelio ana Arrti
I g;43 a.m.. l-:i0 p.m.. U:1S p.m.. u p.m.. 8:30 p^
in. Leave San Francisco Sundays 0:45 a.m.r
12'30 p.m.. 6 p.m.. S:3t> p.m. L-ive Vailejo, f
a m. t> a.m.. 12::<0 p.m.. .1:13 p.m.. i, p.m. Sun.
days 7 a.m.. W a.m., :$:20 p.m.. « p.m. Pl»-
ft Mission st.: phon» Main 13US. HATCH BROS.
Por U. S. Havy Yard and Vailejo.
Stmr. H. J/ CORCORAN leaves norttt end
Ferry bids-, foot of Clay st.. 10 a. m., 5:3*
p m. ; Sundays. 10 a. m.. 9 p. m. L*av»
Vall«*>. Aden's : wharf. 7:13 a. m.. 2:30 p.
m.: Sundays. 7rl5 a. m .. 5 p. m. rare 25«
tacaway. PIPER. ADEN. GOODAU. CO,
1112
FREE-EXTRA CHOICE CftLIFORNIA (AIBY FOR CHRISTMAS
JOHN* D. SPRECKELS r °l? r jg*^
Address Communications to
JOHN McX AUGHT, .^^^j^laftaggj
W. J. MARTI?^^. Business >langgg£
TELEPHONE.
Atk for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
. nect You With the Department 1 ou w isn.
Publication Office Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Koomt 2W to 1£1 Stevenson St.
Delivered by Carriers. 2i> Cts. Per Week. 73
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies 6 <-**;,..,
Terms by Mail. Including Postage (Cash W .tn
Order) : c „
DAILY CALL (includ. Sunday). 1 year. ..?S .0"
DAILY CALL <inc!ud. Sunday). O mos... 4-W
1'iAILY CALL— By Single Month Wj
H-NDAY CALL. 1 Year -■•*
WEEKLY- CALL. I year ......... V",:"Vvtr»L
FOREIGN feg£;»*S P" Year K^tra
POSTAGE. |^>, k i"y. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS " ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Eample Copies will be forwarded when, re-
quested. .
Mail subscribers in ordering change °' *°J
dreea should be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS In order to Insure a
prompt and correct compliance with their re-
Quect. '
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1016 Broaflway Telephone Main 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE:
C48 Center Street Telephone Xortn «i
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
SAMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS: j
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A- B /J?\* n *- " •
Union Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Flfth-a>enue
Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STAND?:
Sherman House: P. O. New. Co.: Great
Northern Hotel: Tremont Houae; Auditorium
Hotel; Pa'.mer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROONn??. Mirquette Bul'il'nf-
(Long Distance Telephone. ' -Central 2619. )
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
FTEPHEN I? SMITH 30 Tribune Building
— — — I
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSrNESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call.
corner Market and Third Ftreets; open until
12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
IPC8 Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. m.
P27 Montgomery street, corner Clay: open until
9:30 p. m.
f.tXt Ha>es street; open until 9:30 p. m.
«39 McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m.
CIS Larkin street; open until »::M> p. m.
J3*I Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 0 p. m.
lf'96 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. ta.
2200 Flllnicre street; open until 9 p. m.
acEETnsro notices. t
ANNUAL MEETING. PAN fi==1
FRANCISCO CONSISTORY j&Vr
NO. 1. A. AND A. S. RITE. rp-vSprtsi
WILL BE HELD IN COM- }&*ii33g§r}\
MANDERY HAM.. MASONIC FSkJ^M]
TEMPLE. THirRSDAY EVEN- " rJGT **
ING. DEC. IS. UK*. AT 8 jJafa
ING. DEC. 3.'.. 19U4, AT 8
OFFICERS. ETC.
HENRY BURNER. Registrar.
MISSION Chapter No. 79 R. A. M. — O
Annual meeting THIS (THURSDAY) VV
EVENING. 7:30 o'clock. Election of />r\
officere. M. M. degree. By order
cf the H. P. •
TSO. R. HILLMAN. Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120. F. and A. »
M— Special meeting THIS (THURS- W
DAYi EVENING at 7::J0 o'clock.
Third degree. Master Masons cor-
dially invited. Br order of the W M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
SOUTH San Francisco Lodge No. 212. f>
F. and A. M.. meets THIS (THCRS- NfV
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'cidek. /V\
Third degree. Master Masons cor-
dtally Invited. Ry order
wm. McDonald, w. m.
6AN FRANCISCO Lodge No. 3, I.
<"> O. F. — Tl.p Crand Master will £*2&Sx-fr--
vislt us TO-MORROW EVEN-
ING. D«c. 16. AU members of ~<35wry-
the lofige and the ord«r are urgently re-
quested to attend. Eloquent speakers. Re-
freshments. Do not let ordinary events keep
you away. H. L. MEYERS. N. G.
M. BP.ILLIANT. R. S.
CROATIAN Benevolent Society
Zvoailnlr No. €1, N. C. S. — Quar- LJjJj
twly meeting THIS (THURSDAY) 'jSJS/1
EVENING. Dec. 15 1!*U. at Fra- JiSSJ
umlty Hall. 32 O'Farrell et. "Vwjn
Election of officers will take place.
All officers and members requested ""
to be pres-ent. Fine for non-attendance
J. P. SUTICH. Pres.
M. LISTER. Rec. Sec.
REGULAR mating and installation v *■» >,
of of fleers of the Caledonia Club 3^ i^J/1
FRIDAY EVENING. Dec. 16. at^W
»< o'clock; high jinks, for members
cr.ly; Scottish Hall. 117 Lerkin rt.
A. M. MACPHERSON. Chief.
JAMES H. DUNCAN. Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
the Nevada National Bar.k of San Fran-
cIfco. Cal., will be held at Its banking-
house. 3fJ_ Montgomery tt.. San Francisco.
Cal.. on TUESDAY. January 10, 1003.
at 3:15 p. tn.. for the election of directors to
»ene during the ensuing year, and for the
transaction of such other business aa may
ccme before the meeting.
CEO. GRANT. Secretary.
December lft. 1904.
CHEAPEST and bert In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pase*. *er.t to any address In the
_T'r.lt»«! StM«-s or '^ansila one y«>ar for tl.
AGE2TTS WASTED. ~
YOU can mako 23 to 50 cents every call; CO
calls daily m»an frcm $30 to $C0 weekly; ex-
clusive territory to huxtlers. Address' H
P. O. box 1S62. Boston. Mass.
, ATToagirrs-AT-iAw.
A FRAUDULENT dlvore* 1s fiear at $12 and
Is no good: for 22 years r»e made divorces
• cprelalty: quick; .julet; no money needed:
eo psy unless divorce Is granted; perfectly
reliable; lowest f»es: advice free; collections
tr.sge G. W. HOWK. 1122 Market St.
CONSULTATION b*tj private and cenflden-
tial: bu»lne«s legally and promptly trans-
acted; collvctlcns, mechanics' li»n«. probate
tenants "jee»pd: legal papers drawn; loans
°n real estate: *afe. sound Investments hich
rat** Interest. W. MATTHEWS. CS2 Market.
R. W. KING. Attomry-at-law. Exam, bldg"
«th floor: entrance room «11; established 26
rear*: all courts, general court and offlce ■
practice; no fws in 8<!v.ir.re or for consulta-
Uon; evening by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
AA — Divorce: costs $12; qulck.qu]et:adrlc« free-"
all law burinees: no charge unless ruccesi-
fnl; cpen evening*. £27 Market «t.. room 30L
ADVICE free; Civorce eorts $12; no fees or
coils Jn advance; all law business; ofnc«
cpen Saturday eveninira 819 Market St.. r. 33. '
JOHN GUIDERY. attorney-af*-linr rooms 3
and 4. 240. Montgomery st.; phone Red 6617.
_. F. CLARK. 927 Market, room 304; eoarolta-
tlon free; no fe*s In advance; open evening*.
A17TOMOBX-.es.
AUTOMOBILE for sale;- first-class runninr
order. Box 1097. CaU office.
FOR ea>— 1903 Winton touring car: nrice
T!or.n. Box ]fPS. Call offlce.
_Jl ASTHMA C3-RE.
El NOLA'S Asthma Remedy relleres Instantly
10c. 28r, 60c 1602 Market. St. Nicholas;
«!«■> Wtehart. 10th and Washington. OakUnd.
~^ APOPTIOH-.
FOR adoption, handsome big baby girl newly
born; Frrnoh <1escrnt. Apply* 1703 Powell st.
EOAH.DIWO rOE CHI—DEES.
BOARD for two boys of 5 to 8 years." 1230
California st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made-
city or rountrv. Pacific Collection Co.. 413
S4ontrom«Ty rt.. room* 9-10 Tel. Main 53S0.
CREDIT CLOTKIEES.
C. y. ADAMS CO.. 31S M»«on tl.— Clothing
for everybody from hat to *hoe«: you can
whst you want from ut and have It charged.
CXtOTHZXG 2E27OVATXXfJ.
6LITS cleaned and pressed. VI: scouring and
4>ei£g. Bor. Marehe. Examiner blfig.. r . 410;
fbca* Drumm 44. CaU lor and deliver free.
BUSINESS CHABTCES.
A— S10C0; HOTEL: a flrst-class paying bar; 14
rooms, dining-room and kitchen, with 5-year
l<*ase: close to carhouse and ouier factories.
See It. G. WILKE. ZM^/t Kearhy st.
A— 51S00; RESTAURANT for sale. In the best
mining town In the Stato ot Nevada; dally
receipts, fliio; opposite the round house; no
better paying proposition In Nevada. Partlc-
ulars It. U. WlLKE. 2*1^ Kearny st.
SCOO — WILL take partner In a good paying,
nicely furnished coffee parlor and restau-
rant; lease; or owner will sell for $1100;
I*rt or. lime. See R. G. WILKE. -<J&
Kearny st. »\;i 5 •.<■';"•
A— $7000; BAKERY, one of the best In city;
monthly sales $6000; splendid chance for two
1-artners; not all cash necessary. Particulars
«>-? R. G. WILKE. 2«Vi Kearny Bt.
A— f-GOOO; CORNER saloon on water front; net
r«-nt $U0; 4>-'. years' lease. Particulars see
H. G. WILKE. Jtiti Kearny st. s
A— $1500; LODGING-HOUSE; transient house
on Pott st.; 14 elegantly Turn, rooms; rent
$72 SO: a tirst-olass paying proposition. It.
G. WILKE. 26i» Kearny at.
A— 42500; HOTEL In Sonoma Co.; 20 furn.
rooms; dining and bar room, bus, 2 horses,
cow, etc., and 7 acres of land; 5 years' lease;
rent $50 or owner will sell whole property
tor J12.CKX). Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26V4
Kearrj st.
A— $1750; CORNER grocery and bar. with 6
living rooms, on Sacramento st. ; 4H years'
lease; rent $i'; the very beet location. See
R. G. WILKE. 2«H Kearny St.
A— $2500; OYSTER and chop house, with pri-
vate boxes; place estab. 20 years; known as
a first-class paying business; location close
to Phelan bldg.; lease; owner engaged other-
wise; must sacrifice. See R. G. WILKE,
26% Kearny st. ■-'
A— $400; CHICKEN ranch In Sonoma County;
home, wagon, cow; rent $7 per month: tools
and furniture. Call R. O. WILKE. 28H
Kearny st.
$500— LOCKSMITH and electrical repair shop
for isle; established 25 years; best location;
livlnx-rocms. For particulars see R. G.
WILKE. _'6}i Kearny st.
$550 — Restaurant; very best location; rent $60;
close to Kearny and Bush: a erood-payinK
investment ; Investigate. Call en R. G.
WILKE. 20^ Kearny st.
JvW — CORNER saloon on Fourth st.. irat $25
dally receipts about $15; good business; uwn-
er must sacrifice, as he has to leave the city.
R. G. WILKE. 2CMi Kearny st.
PRICE $1100 — Wood, coal, hay and grain yard;
a long -established business; 2 horses and 3
wagons; rent only $25; rare chance. See R.
G. WILKE. 2«H Kearny st. >
A— ?29OO; CORNER grocery and bar on Va-
lencia St.; lease; old established and good
paying buslnees; investigate; a rare chance.
See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $1200; KOADHOUSE, living rooms; rent
$15: co opposition; very best location: about
8 miles from citA See R. G. WILKE. 26fc
Kearny st.
A— $2200; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon
in Stockton; rent $5::: the leading place of
its kind in Stockton; all particulars. R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st. •
A-$300; BAKERY, with 3 Hvltg rooms and
kitchen: rent $20; all store trade; cash re-
ceipts about $1U per day. Particulars K. G.
WILKE. 26Vj Kearny st.
A— $2350; COAL, wood, hay and grain busi-
ness; S huntes, 3 wagons; net rent $34;
Place established years; very best loca-
tion; a good cash business. S«e R. G.
WILKE, -MVt Kearny et.
A— $800; CORNER saloon In wholesale dis-
trict; no night cr Sunday work; saloon es-
tab. 20 years and ku<f/n as a good busl-
cess. See R. G. WILKTS. 2CVJ Kearny st.
A— $2000; CORNER saloon, with lease, in
wholesale district; a good business: owner to
leave the city cause of sale; a rare chance.
R. G. WILKE. 26 hi Kearny at.
A— $4000; CIGAR »tand on Market St.. vicin-
ity Powell rt.; 2% years' lease; must be
•old at once: owner to leave city for the
East. See R. G. WILKE. 26 H Kearny st.
A — $2450; CORNER grocery and bar; 5 years'
lease; rent $40; store doing a large cash busi-
ness: location can't be beat; value in slght-
6w R O. WILKE. 2CK Kearny »t.
A— $5600; SALOON; about 1 block from Phelan
building; eet rent $125; lease; stock will In-
voice about $1200;* a pood paying place; In-
vestigate at once; rare chance. R. G.
WILKE. 26«4 Kearny »L ■
A — $2600: COFFEE saloon and restaurant; 1
block frcm Examiner building; place estab-
lished rears; doing a first-class business;
about $70 per day. Particulars ae* R. G.
WILKE, 2«^ Kearny st.
A— $4000; CORNER grocery and bar; few block*
south of Market st. ; net rcct $90; lease 4
years: average monthly receipts $1100: value
in Bight. See Rj G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $3500; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
rt.; rent $60: living rooms; stock will in-
voice abcut $2S0O; a well established and
flrft-clasa paying business. See H. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny «t.
A— $S50; DAIRY, produce and delicatessen
ctore; 5 rooms; rent $25; best location Va-
lenoa tt. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
__———— _______ - -^
BUSINESS AGENT.
817 Market St.. between Fifth and Sixth.
WE have a client who wishes to associate
himself with a sober, industrious man who
can invest $350 and services; h« will give
Interest in business clearing $200 month;
references exchanged. See BROOKBANK,
A CLIENT of mine who conducts a well pay-
Ing cigar stand on Market st. desires good
hon<»st man as partner to assist him In at-
tending stand, and to same he can offer flne
position; no experience necessary; $350 cash
required. Particulars with BROOKBANK.
$350 AND services secure an Interest In old-
established offlce and commission business
clearing $200 to $250 monthly; no experience
r<Mjuired. but party must be sober and re-
liable 'and furnish good references as same
will be tendered him. Full particulars with
BROOKBANK.
WANTED — Immediately, a young man with
ability and moderate capital as partner in
an established real estate agency. Particu-
lars 2149 Center et.. Berkeley. Cal.
STEADY man wanted as partner: plain, light
work; small capital required; sure profit of
$75 to each per month; owner Is a practical
worklngman. COMMERCIAL INVESTMENT
CO.. 632 Market st.
WILL sacrifice for quick sale the best paying
grocery and bar north of Market St.; receipts
$60 to ?70 a day; make offer. PACIFIC
BUSINESS ASSN.. 1148 Market st.
$250— PARTNER wanted; cigar store and bll-
llaid-room;. cood stock and trade; too long
hour* for one man reason for taking partner;
flne location. Marln Inv. Co.. 235 Kearny.
AN old-established manufacturing drug busi-
ness with good selling proprietary prepara-
tions, tr*<iemarks. etc ; will sell or exchange
for real estate. Address box 2943. CaU.
$300 WILL buy a good paying bakery; will
b«-ar full Investigation. HAWKS & MEHR-
TENS. corner Seventh st. and Railroad ave.
; A'ameda.
$600 — LAUNDRY route, wagon, harness, etc •
clearing $100 per month;- full Investigation!
PARTNER— $1000; a well established mercan-
tlle business; pays you $300 monthly. 226
Emma Spreckels bldg.
BATH and massage parlors; cheap: latest
equipment: flne patronage. HOOVER , 18S1
Fillmore st.
$150— CIGAR store; on busy street near Mar-
. Jet; must' sell to-day; departure. 1007 H
i _Market et.
TO restaurant keepers— For sale, cheap flx-
tures. counter and all utenslle for eame.
Apply 242 Fourth st.. grocery store.
SECOND-HAND Etore, with furniture, for sale
for $100; with 2 living rooms, rent $15!
Apply at store. 532 Sixth st. 5. -
gQA^fcfy and Brain business; 4 horses and
I 2^c,n : jfflcl investment; a barKaln ' ■•*«
! $1400--DELICAfEisEN store on principal
i CaTl offlce" Mark '^ KOOd l0Catlon ' -toiuSL
FOR sale— Small restaurant; price reasonable
Powell Prwn1 "*- aZ0 Washington st. Co?.'
GOOD paying saloon and good prospects ahead
for sale. Inquire 1619 O'Farrell st.
FOR sale — Saloon and restaurant: cheaD r»ii
831 Howard st. . P ' ~"
WANTED— Money "ill dried fruit business-
grand opening Just now. Box 2523, CalL '
FOR tale — Saloon with lease. Apply 200 Ninth
et.. from 10 to 3.
LIQUOR store and saloon; flne wine cellar- good
lease; good corner. 2898 ICth st, cor. Howard.
FOR SALE—A cigar stand, with pool and
billiard-room attached. Box 2SS1. Call efflce.
FOR SALE— A well paying oyster house: must
. be sold; trouble between partners. 50 7th st.
THE; SAN FRANCISCO^ GALL; THURSDAY, DECEMBER 15/ 1904.
BPgrjTESS CHAlfCES— Conttanefl.
A — CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1060.
3 Eddy at., cor. Market and Powell:
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
For sale — Several good business propositions for
Investors, such as cigar stores, groceries and
bars, bakeries, furnishing goods, merchan-
dise, country hotels, restaurants and many
other propositions too numerous to mention;
would be pleased to have you call and Inspect
our list. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
For t*\e — Flrst-class bazaar and cigar busi-
ness; Al location, long lease, cheap rent, fix-
tures and store up-to-date; established 17
years; flne new stock of. goods; has never
changed hands; now clearing $350 and over
per month; best reason for selling; an op-
portunity of a lifetime. See CAMERON &
CO.
For sale— Well-furnished and equipped coun-
try hotel; 50 rooms; rent only $150; 10-year
lease; newly painted and renovated through-
out; about 60 miles from S. F.; flne. grow-
ing town; present owner made fortune and
wants to retire. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
For sale — One of the best hay, grain, feed,
wood and coal yards, S. F.; cheap rent;
horses and wagons; well ■ equipped; present
owner retiring from retail business; guaran-
teed to clear about $S&0 per month; books
open for Inspection. CAMERON & CO. .
Exchanges made In all kinds of real estate,
roomlng-heuse and business chances. CAME-
RON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
For sale — Well located cyctery; vent $125: 3-
year lease; sell, rent and repair all kinds of
bicycles;' carries full supplies; agency best
wheel on market; does buslnesi of $1500 to
$2000 per month; goods at Invoice. CAME-
RON A CO.
Flrst-class saloon downtown:* 2 blocks from
Market St.; rent $76; well fitted up: receipts
$1S to J25 per day; must be sold on account
of other business; price $1600. CAMERON
& CO.
Harness and saddlery shop, well located; rent
$12; well stocked; fine wax machine: all
bench tools; everything goes; price $1000;
more than value In sight: retiring from busi-
ness. CAMERON & CO.
W'anted — A good business man with $500 ca;>h
, to associate himself with practical surveyor
for establishment of land offlce; new reser-
vation Just cpenlng up; has been In employ
of Government on same land for 3 years; an
opportunity of a lifetime; expenses from
start. CAMERON & CO. _^
ROUTE 12. San Francisco Call, for sale. Ap-
ply San Francisco Call offlce. '
CHKAl'KST nnd best In America — The Weekly
Call, lfi pages. s»nt to any address In tho
United States or Canada one year for $1. ■ .
CARPET BEATTOO AWD CLIANIHQ. *
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal;
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at shop; prices moderate. S. 1". ..Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Co.. 306 Market st. ;
phones Main 152 and Bush 470.
WHEN you btccroe disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'8 Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing works. 355-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet- Cleaning Works. 1809 Har.
rifton St.; Al cleaning. 3c. FRED HAQE-
DORN & CO.: rhone Mission 225. ,
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth St.— Flrst-clas*
rarp-t cleaning, 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carp»t Cleaning Co., 402 Sutler St.;
tel. Main 3»4. GEO. W r ALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; price*
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
WALL paper and frescos cleaned. 785 O'Far-
rell «t. '
JLODOIgrQ-KOTJBES rOB, SAI.E.
MARION GRIFFIN.
408 Hearst bldg.. over "Examiner" entrance,
corner 3d and Market sts. Tel. Black 3607.
Hotels and rooming-houses for sale. Free list.
We furnish abstracts free & guarantee titles.
No. 37.
OUR BEST proposition In a straight rooming-
house; new and modern
building; new kajaomln-
Ing; new painting; new
carpets; new blrdseye
maple and mahogany fur-
niture; full of high-class,
neady roomers; > long
\' lease; 4 blocks north of
Market on best street car
line; clears $175 monthly;
87 rooms; would exchange
for apartment-house clear-
ing not less than $400
monthly: will pay cash
difference. -
MARION GRIFFIN. 406 Examiner building.
■ Corner 3d and Market sts.
No, 22.
$1100 FOR 22-room house near Ellis . and
Hyde; rent $65; same own-
„ er for 15 years; honest
owner and honest house;
clears $75 monthly year
after year.
MARION GRIFFIN. 400 Examiner building.
Corner 8d 'and Market sto.
~ . i . .
No. 100.
APARTMENT-HOUSE of 100 rooms, especially
well located: nice furnish-
ing* : guaranteed - monthly
profit $448; very flne se-
lected class of occupants;
house Is highly recom-
mended.
MARION GRIFFIN. 406 Examiner building.
' - Corner 3d and 'Market sts.
No. 17.
17 ROOMS (3 unfurnished): $350 down and
$650 In payments of $10
monthly: clears $73 month-
ly; sunny side of street;
full of nice people; flower
garden; back yard. /
MARION GRIFFIN. 408 Examiner building.
Corner 3d and Market sts.
No. 40.
SICKNESS of owner causes sale of a 40-
room worklngman's house;
always r full of men . room-
ers and clears $125 to $150
monthly; south of Market;
rent only $110.' Make
some offer to •
MARION GRIFFIN. 406 Examiner building.
Corner 3d and Market sts.
No. 28.
NEW and MODERN house of 28 rooms, cor-
. vv.-./. ner north of Market; 5-
year lease; electric lights;
most beautifully furnished;
eminently respectable, quiet
and refined; full and a
1 • waiting list of applicants;
• owner In hospital.
MARION GRIFFIN. 406 Kxamlner building.
■.:i a ;: . Corner 3d and Market sts.
.No. 68.'- '<
DEPENDABLE houses? Why," yes. here .'s
one of 6S rooms guaran-
teed to have a monthly In-
come of $430 over. rent;. T-
j-ear lease: modern build-
ing; electric elevator; very
fine furnishings; owner
sick.
House worth $8000
Will sell for. ....$5700
You pay down .. ....$3000
You pay In installments
MARION GRIFFIN. 403 Examiner building.
Corner 3d and; Market sts.
No. 18.
$250 DOWN and £250 In $10 payments takes
an 18-room NE. corner
flat, clearing $48 monthly;
rent $33; It's the biggest
bargain' for little money; 4
blocks north of Market. -
MARION GRIFFIN. 408 Examiner : building.
Corner 3d and Market sts.
No. 8. ' ,
DEATH causes $ale of a"9-room house near
Sutter and Larkin; rent
$38; newly furnished; make
us an offer quick.
MARION GRIFFIN. 406 Examiner building.
Corner 3d and Market sts.
No. 14.
I FINE OAK furniture, flne Brussels carpets, 14
outside, rooms; ■ 3 blocks, of
Market; profit $55 month-
&L rent only ' $ 4S : Pr'ce
• '50. % cash.
MARION GRIFFIN. 406 Examiner building
: ■"_' Corner 3d and Market sts.
SPLENDIDLY equipped apartment house 75
rooms. Berkeley, ' Cal. : 60 rooms occupied'- no
agents. Apply 1003H Broadway, room" 6.
Oakland.
FOR sale— Lodging-house; 28 rooms; ncar'HI-
bernia Bank; good Income; no agents -Box
; 1297, Call office.
FOR «ale— Very cheap, 21-room house In' cen-
ter of city. Inquire 319 Taylor st.
-ODGXJfa-HOTJSES FOB SATiXJ — Con.
A— CAMERON & CO.— —Phone South 1050
3- Eddy, st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for. .Roomtng-housea, .Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
Look thls-up;. here "is a chance to get flne j
little home, combined with business: you can
live rent, free and make some money besides;
this house of 0 rooms, rent only $32 50; fine lo-
cation on California st. ; well furnished; eome
new carpets ; newly painted and papered;
everything In flne condition: piano and sewing
machine goes; price only $C50. '
You can't beat . this beautifully furnished.
100-room, downtown house; carpets, furniture
and draperies of the very best; electric lights. I
1 steam heat: In fact everything modern and up <
to date; long lease;' cheap rent; own«r leaving
city.
This speaks for Itself; 15 rooms, furnished In
oak: new carpets, and full to the roof with
good people, which brings In profit of $75. per
month: sickness compels sale.
We have IS beautifully furnished rooms In
flne block on Pout nt.; full nicest kind of room-
ers; new and modern throughout; brings In
nice Income; furniture In oak. blrdseye maple;
velvet and Axmlnster carpets; cost $1800' to
furnish six months ago; obliged to leave city;
big bargain; $1200.
Here l« 14 rooms; Van Ness; furnished In oak
and mahogany; good carpets; all full; clearing
nice little salary every. month; It is yours at
$600. , • ■ .
Flrst-class Investment where you can earn
$2400 per year on expenditure of $4500 In 40-
room house.; rent only $125 per month; choice
location on Sutter. st.; always full; best of oak |
furniture; good -carpets; sickness only reason
for «elling. ■'■-.:■ '-j
Swell family hotel on Sutter St.; beautifully
furnished; alwaya full; there are SO rooms, rent
only $425; obliged to leave city; will be sold at
half cost to furnish.
We have a 9-room flat, new, modern build-
ing, sumptuously furnished; carpets cost $3 00
per yard; beds cost $100 each; hair mattresses
cost $35 each;.. new 8 months; actual cost to
furnish. $5000;' must go East and will take
$2700; half cash, balance 6 per cent per annum;
everything ready to step right into an elegant
home.
Here Is 16 good rooms, close In. wfth 3 rooms
not furnished, but are all full and pays $50
per month above all expenses; owner taking
larger house; price, $1050.
14 sunny rooms, close In; rent only $60 per
month: some new carpets; everything nice and
clean and pays well; price $900; $400 down,
balance time; a flne chance.
Nice little house of 16 room*, with good fur-
niture and carpets; rent only $65; must dispose
next ten days; make offer.
Grand, new. modern apartment -house; beau-
tiful building; elegantly furnished; good long
lease with cheap rent; only 15 minutes' walk
from Kearny st. ;has 180 rooms and pays $500
to $000 per month: always full; best class of
people; a bargain can be had If taken at once.
Big snap; 31 -room apartment-house: rent
only $4 per room; well furnished and clearing
$90 per month;. will only take $550 cash, bal-
ance time; price J.950. '*•••
Here is the cozleat and most. complete house
of 60 .rooms, superbly furnished with everything
that . good taste • and Judgment could suggest,
combined with an elegant, new, modern build-
ing; every room occupied and clearing a flne
profit, and sickness is the only cause for dis-
posal.
Golden opportunity to -get nice 7-room flat;
rent only $40; water, garbage and Janitor ser-
vice free; mahogany and oak furniture; carpets
body Brussels, new 1 year; cost $800; now $»50;
obliged to leave city.
Another one; a beautifully furnished H-room
flat; Sloane fitted It up 6 months ago- and cost
considerable over $900; think of the rent only
$25 per month; choice location; big snap;* $400.
We have a number of special bargains In
flats of 6 to 10 rooms, new and modern; can be
had for less than half cost to furnish; must be
sold, either account of sickness or departure. '.
Hav» large list of real estate, hotels room-
ing-houses and I business chances for exchange
or trade always on hand.
. A. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy St.. '
MITCHELL &.CO., .
1206 MARKET ST. PHONE JESSIE 2981.
Rooming and apartment-houses, hotels flats.
Sold to suit purchasers. Titles guaranteed.
AUTOMOBILE AT YOUR SERVICE.
A — 16 ROOMS; O'Farrell; rent $80; for ..$1100
21 rooms; Post; rent. $90: only.. $1200
We absolutely guarantee titles.
A — 52 rooms; new apartments; rent only $6
per room; 2-3 rooms and bath each; this is a
golden opportunity; see it and you will like
It. MITCHELL & CO.. exclusive agents.
HOUSE 32 rooms; housekeeping apartments;
rent low; lease; clearing $85 per month above
expenses: price $1200: everything new and In
/ flne condition. . Box 1598, Call offlce.
UPPER flat, finished attic; modern; 16 rooms;
rent $60. Corner Laguna and O'Farrell sts.
* C-AIBVOYANT3. . f').
A— EXTRAORDINARY^OPPORTUNITY "
To Consult • .
,— RICHARD MAYO
' At Reduced Charges. '
Complete clairvoyant readings 00c this week
No ' charge unless satisfactory. ' "
'You can be - the Judse.
At a glance, before you have a chance to
utter one word, he, will tell you what you
came for and what you want to know. He
will tell you your name, your; age, occupa-
tion. , His descriptions of your friends and
enemies are ■ as real as" though they stood
before you. : - • .■ <:■ .
S, LOVE. COURTSHIP. AND MARRIAGE.
' Gives truthful revelation of all love affairs
troubles, marriages, restores lost . affections
reunites the separated, settles. lovers' quar
rels.
TELLS YOU WHEN. AND
WHOM YOU WILL MARRY.
And how to WIN the man or woman you
love, and how to make your husband or wife
be true to -you. and how to overcome all
your enemies and how to make a. person at
a distance, think of you, and how to DE-
VELOP PERSONAL MAGNETISM, THE
KEY TO ALL SUCCESS.
Permanently located. Thoroughly reliable.
. Ellis St.— 421A— Ellis bt.
Hours— 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. . Private flat. .
LIVINGSTONE, \
THE OCCULT WONDER, -s .
FOR A RELIABLE. INTELLIGENT CLAIR-
VOYANT READING. CONSULT
LIVINGSTONE.' : \
FIVE RECEPTION PARLORS. LADY AT-
TENDANT. 2»J& KEARNY ST.
ATTENTION ■ /. . • ■ • . ~ "
1 MRS. DR. CLARK
The well-known medium and ' clairvoyant,
may be consulted on all affairs; every -hidden
mystery revealed; shewill show ycu how to
overcome your enemies and unite the sepa-
rated: tell your entire life.- past, present and
future: satisfaction by mall; fend stamp for
'circular and special terms. 343 Geary st.
MME. M.. BERNARD.', the famous clairvoyant
and buslneNs medium. Is located at 17 Third
St., near Market. She reads your life cor-
rectly, gives accurate description of the past,
present, and future: greatest living adviser on
all affairs in life: as a proof of her psychic
power she will tell you what you called for
FREE\of charge; *5 reading this week. $1;
satisfaction . guaranteed. ■
A— MOSES THE PROPHET.
No display necessary. |My name, fame es
psychic established: my wonderful work, my
success nnd general public my advertise-
ments. Sittings. within reach of all. - Prof.
Seera s offlce parlors. , 326 O'Farrell st.
ISMAR, Egyptian seerees. The Vendome. 1104
Market St.. San Francisco. Office hours — 10
a.,m. to 5 p. m.; Sundays. 10 to t2: AVednes-
day evening. 6 to 8. Phone South 1141.
MME. PORTER. c]&7rvoyant. medium ; born
with double veil and second sight: tells past,
present, future; 1. 50c: g. by cards SI; palm-
Istry full life read, $1. 303 Jones, nr. Eddy.
MISS M. WILLE. 310 Ellis St.. clalrvoyan;.
crystal seer and Itre reader, tells you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
i tlon: names trlven; $1; hour*. ; < 10/ to S.
MISS ZEMDAK. young, gifted clalr. and palm.;
reveals love, marriage, business, etc.; L. 50c;
G. $1; hours 10 to 0; names. 714 Franklin st.
MME. KRONE.N'BERG. palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader: when others fall try ~e: ivad-
lngy 25?. 324 O'Farrell st. ; tel. Red 6537.
M-RS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader, has
returned; sittings dally. IC8 6th st.,rooms 1-2."
MRS. BAUMANN, the. well-known fortune-
teller. Is now at 317 EUU ft.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY.' bus. medium and
life reader. 1200 Market/ r. 14. Gait House.
C. MAYO STEERS, trance medium. .105 Lar/
- kin, room 40; readings 1. to 5: tel. South 31U.
MM E. YOUNG'S test 'circle to-night, 10c: 61»
McAllister: readings dally: oome. • skeptics.
C. V. MILLER'S seance to-night. S o'clock. SI;
g""d*y. 1 :30 p. ■ m.' . 1C84 Bush st.
PROF. FRED EVANsTnotedslate^wrlter and
i clairvoyant. 1112 Eddy st. Phone Scott SS7.
A NEW plate— The Whalebone-^miorbreiiir;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns. $3 50; fllllngs.&uc;
plates. $5; full set; all. work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge "lor extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per, set; extracting. . POc: gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 K»arny, cor. Bush-
Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns. $2 up;fllllngs.25c.
GOLD fillings, 7oc; silver.- S5c; crowns, $2; no
palnjopen Sundays. Dr.A.C.Hewltt.2O4 Sutter.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. eurg«o n -dentlst,r.l4.1st
. floor. Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from Geary st.
to corner Sutter st. and < .rant ave. '
DRESSMAKEBS AND SEAMSTRESSES.
McDOWELL Dressmaking A Millinery' School-
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1018 Mkt,
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew-
art'a button and buttonhole factory. llt> Taylr.
EDUCATIONAL.
A — THE Lyceum, ' an accredited preparatory
- school for university. law and medical col-
leges; re'«. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor; day, evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
E. R. AYRES, founder of Ay res Business Col-
lege, has returned ; bookkeeping, - penmanship,
shorthand, typing; $5 month; life scholarship
_$50; positions secured; day, eve. 723 Market.
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
'. Institution devoted exclusively to dramatic
learning in America; positions guaranteed.
Send for catalogue. Native Sona' building.
HEALD'S School of Mines and Engineering, 24 i
Post st.. S. F. ; civil, mining, electrical, steam
and gas engineering. Send. for prospectus;
A SUCCESSFUL college; new. large rooms;
perfect light: all graduates are getting poel-
tlons. S. F. Business College. 738 Mission at. j
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mln.. mech., sur- '
: vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 18U4. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
Established 1803; largest In the West: an-
nual enrollment 1000; send for circulars.
ALL Eng. and com. branches, $5 mo.; 47 les-
sons Benn Pitman shorthand hold any poal-
tlon; lndlv. lnstruc. West. Bus.CoL.12Sl Mkt.
BOOKKEEPING. Eng.. Math., etc.; day -and
eve.; Individual tnstr. SOS Larkin St.. Prof.
T. A. Robinson, former pres.. Pac. Bus. Col.
CLASSES In short story writing and Journalism
meet on Mon., Wed. and Thurs.. 2 p. m.. 333
Phelan bldg.; terms very reasonable.
A — METROPOLITAN Bus. Col.. 002 Van Nes3
ave.; positions secured. R. H.- Webster, Pres.
A— GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 13S2 Market st. Send for catalogue.
BOOKKEEPING— Save time, gain knowledge.
.with TARR. expert. 217 Parrott building.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano, $3 per month;
vocal lessons $1. 828 Halght st.
CHICAGO Business College. 1584 Market— Posi-
tions, shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $8 mo.
ADULT and Juvenile classes ■ now open. Hln-
man's 8chool of Dancing, 1412 Polk. nr. Cal.
SHORTHAND taught thorMy by mall and per-
sonally. Mies M. G. Barrett. 302 Montgom'y.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINQTON'S. 424 Pine at.-=*Nlght class.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment offlce
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
S. IMURA. 839 Sacramento. Tel. James 5231.
A — ORPHECM Employment Offlce — Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell St.; tel. Main 5752.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1097. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
gllPLO IYHEHT WANTED— FEMALE.
A— BOOKKEEPER, cashier, young, lady: ex-
pert accountant; quick, accurate; all modern
systems; highest references; • last position -5
years. Box 2.J73. Call. . . ;
EXPERIENCED lady < would like care of ln-
valld or old lady or keep house 'for couple:
wages no object. Address or. call at 1250
Church st. -
WANTED — By colored woman,; 'situation as
second girl or general housework. 222 East
Fifteenth st.. East Oakland. .
AN experienced apprentice for coatmaklng.
Box 2518. Call. ' ■ . . -
WOMAN wants position as j housekeeper or
cooking. Box 2369. Call.
EXPERIENCED Parisian dressmaker would
• like a few more day engagements: perfect
work guaranteed ; $2 50 per day. ' Box 2513,
CaU offlce. ■ .-
ENGLISH nurse wishes care of one child;
competent to teach; speaks French; country
preferred; excellent references. : Nurse. 2213
Buchanan st.
WANTED — By middle-aged woman, house-
work half day. in exchange, for sunny room
and board; lower floor; no basement. Box
2952, Call.
COMPETENT, reflncd woman wishes work,
light housework, children's seamstress, nurse
Invalid; good home; reasonable salary: refer-
ences. Call or address MRS. L.. 415 Ellis.
A COMPETENT young woman, wishes house-
work and cooking in a good family; wages
small. Box 2512. Call.
A COMPETENT laundress and house-cleaner
wants work by the day,' $1 25; references.
Box 2511. Call. > . .. ■ ■ • ' . ■
STRONG American woman- wants work;, flrst-
class house or office cleaner; $1 25 per day;
good references. Box 2363, -Call offlce. "
COMPETENT woman wishes ■ few families by
day. washing, cleaning or chamber work.
4S8 Geary st. ; phone Brown 32. ; i
COMPETENT woman would like, a position as
nurse for children; can give best references;
waxes $20 to $25. Adress 36CS Elghtenth st.
EXPERIENCED woman wishes few more cases
nursing ladles during conflnment. Box 2339.
Call office. ' ■ '
A BOOKKEEPER with knowledge of type-
writing: can give city references, j Phone
Mint 1673, or box 2865. Call.
YOUNG woman wishes position as working
housekeeper In widower's family; no •wash-
ln$; wages $20. Box 2410, CaU. .
A NEAT young woman wishes light- work In
small private family; steady place desired
Box 2420. Call.
EXPERIENCED Infant's nurse wishes a posi-
tion: city references. Box 2548. CaU offlce. .
COLORED lady will take In washing at home.
l(5O7> / j Fifth st.. West Oakland.
SEAMSTRESS wishes engagements by the day;
$1 50. C7 Rlchland ave. ; phonn Capp 2850.
CAPABLE woman wants position as working
housekeeper In lodging-house. 910^ Folsom.
SWEDISH girl, good cook, wishes place; good
references. Box 2501. CaU.
A GIRL wants general housework. 210 Rltch
street. ....
SMPLOYMEWT WA1TTEP — KTA-E.
AS'attendant and companion to Invalid, chronic
or mental patient by competent and reliable
man under mlddlc-age, of- education and thor-
ough training and experience -as nurse and
masseur: references; terms moderate. ' Box
2H22 ' <"a!l. offlce. '
WANT • — A situation by a good sober engi-
neer i_..illlar.wlth Corliss and other makes of |
engines, air compressors. . dynamos and mo- i
tors ; good references. Box 23B7. ! CaU office, i
ENGLISHMAN, experienced, wants • position
es coachman or second man; good references.
Box 2520. CaU offlce.
| WANTED — By young man^ opportunity " to
| learn nursing in hospital or sanitarium Box'
2510. Call offlce. ;
A YOUNG man of 24 wishes a position of any ;
kind; willing to work. < Address box 2517,
Call offlce. , ' ---•;. .•"'.-
EXPERIENCED baker, age 30. wishes posl-
tlon on bread or cake In city or country; ref-
erences. Box 2370. CaU offlce.
FIRST-CLASS barber wants steady evenings,
Saturday, and Sunday position. Box * 1202.
Call offlce. -..--v .' *
TWO young men, 19 and 20, honest, willing,
educated, wish .. position at anything. ■■ Box
2515. Call office. , "
WANTED — Situation by a young colored man
as butler or Janitor or presser. 1103 Camp-
bell et.. Oakland, Cal.
FIRST-CLASS carpenter wishes work; $40 per
month. . Box 2521. Call office.
POSITION as "elevator operator; have experi-
ence.- Box 2305. Call offlce. -;•.',
STEADY younz man wishes to run errands
.from ,7 to 10 a. in. and between 0:30 and: 11
p.. m.;; best of references.' Address box. 2832.
Call office.
I , ELDERLY - man " wants work as .' choreman or
[ take " care cf horse and garden; wages $10
per month. Box 2506. Call.
EMPLOTMEUT WANTED— Male— Coa
AS attendant' and .companion to. Invalid,
chronic or mental patient by competent and
reliable man under. middle-age, of education
and thorough training and experience as
nurse and ma?seur; references; terms moj-
erate. Bos 2U22, Call ofnee. .'
WANTED— By. an active man of 32, work of
nny kind, .in' the suburbs, country or moun-
tains; can drive team and Is a fair cook;
wanes $20 month and found. Vox ?Wf, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED German wants to take card
of a place: knows vegetable and flower gar-
' denlns. pruning; handy with carpenter tools;
'can milk, arid take cr.re of horses; city or
country^ Box 2301. Call.
A SCANDINAVIAN man. 25 years old. wishes '
position, as houseman* cr do Janitor wcrk in
the city or country. 'Address J. A. M., S2J
Mission st.
WANTED— By young man. 24. position to
travel tcr commercial house; one year's real
• experience; ' willing to advance. Box '2Mb,
Call office.
GARDENER wishes situation; competent In
all branches; greenhouse*, orchard, vegeta-
bles and . landscape gardening; references.
box 2308. CaU offlce. .
A BRIGHT youns man of 17 years -wishes to
work In wholesale house where advancement
could be had; best of references. Address
bcx 2449. Call _offlce._
MIDDLE-AGED German wants position; un-
derstand* tfurdenlnz. pruning, etc.: hanay
with carpenter tools and horses. Cox llaJ.
Call offlce.
EDUCATED boy. aged 19, and willing to work,
wishes position evenings In some store dur-
ing the holiday season. Address box 2999.
Call office. -
FRENCHMAN. flrst-clas 8 barber, not speaking
EngUsh. wants small place In city or coun-
try; speaks Spanish. Box 2009. Call.
YOUNG Ben Israel desires to become agri-
culturist; wants work on a farm. LEON
BROWN. (!•■£! Sacramento st.
YOUNG man wishes work In fruit store; wuges
reasonable; best references. GEORGE
HEART. 216 Sixth st.
YOUNG man wishes position In drugstore; un-
derstands prescription. Latin. French; best
of references. O. HEART. 216 Sixth st.
FIRST-CLASS union barber wants steady Sat-
urday and Sunday Job. CHARLES SLU-
KAN, 314 Third st.
GERMAN, single, wishes position ■ as porter
and lunchman, or any kind cf work; city or
country. Box 2509. Call offlce.
BY young . man of. 21. any kind of work for
small wages: must have work at once. Bcx
250S. Call offlce.
MAN. with large family Is In need of employ-
ment; able to work in factory or store and
office. Box 2362, Call.
YOUNG man. 23, wants work of any kind; has
had some experience In house cleaning. Box
1712. CaU office.
FIRST-CLASS bushelman wants a steady posi-
tion or all round work. H. GETTING. 953
Howard st.
YOUNG man wants work of any kind; under-
stands care of horses, cows, garden, etc.
Box 2340. Call offlce.
A GERMAN, mlddle-ased and single, wishes
a situation as clerk In grocery and barroom;
good references. W. BOHLING. 417 Kearny.
TWO young and strong Swedes wish labor of
any kind. Box 2550. Call.
OIL fireman wishes position; best of refer-
ence. Address J. C, room 3. 114 Fourth st.
YOUNG man, 23, wants work of any kind.
Box l?510. Call.
COOK and wife. German, middle-aged, want
position; coufttry. Box 23:17. Call.
SACK sewer and sack tender would like post-
tlon. FRANK VARGAS. 528 Pacific st.
A SOBER, steady man wants coachman's po-
sition; can mlik: reference. Box 2919. Call.
WANTED— Set of books to keep evenings. Box
2S72. Call.
WANTED— A position as baker's helper. Box
24.31. CaU offlce.
flrst-class cook and waiter, wants
position at same place in the family; city
or country. Address YAJI, C Central place,
off Pine st.
JAPANESE young man wants situation to do
cooking and general housework; has experi-
ence; several years' good reference. ABE.
258 A O'Farrell st.
JAPANESE, experlenced'ln housework and all-
round servant desires a situation as scnool-
boyv. S. NISHIJIMA, 511 Bush st.: phone
j Black 50C4.
A JAPANESE very- honest boy wants goo-1
plain cooking and housework: no wash:
small family: $6 we*k. Y. TANAKA. box
2505. Call offlce. • . »
JAPANESE, experienced In cooking and house-
work, desires a situation as schoolboy. MOR-
PHY MATER. 25SA O'Farrell st.
JAPANESE boy wants position to do house-
work. K. TAYA. 546 Haight St.; phone Page
3028. "
GOOD Japanese boy wants any kind of work
In the morning a few hours. 1026 Larkin st.
GOOD Japanese wants situation as' schoolbov;
good English. H. EZAKI. 744 Post st. Tel.
Sutter 1731.-
TWO Japanese want positions, one good cook
other flrst-class waiter; In nice family. M.
M.. 503 Taylor st. _^
JAPANESE., experienced cook, all-round ser-
vant and having rood references, wisher
work. KERRY TAKETU. 2S8A OTarrell st.
SITUATION wanted by Japanese; flrst-class
butler; Just arrived from East; has good ref-
erences. Box 2.T35, Call..
JAPANESE, good boy. wants situation in a
small family as schoolboy; sp«aka English
well. H. M.. 1527 Pine St.: phone- Sutter 3314.
JAPANESE*. flrst-clas<i cook, wants position In
private family: wages $7 week. HENY. 16
Sallna place, ' off California" st. • ■
GOOD and strong Japanese wishes a situation
In a store; have experience. C. OKUMURA.
366H Seventh St., Oakland.
A JAPANESE wants a position at night or
, morning work. T. O.. 154.1 Larkin st.
A JAPANESE wishes work, schoolboy or half-
day work. A. B.. 61 Minna st.
CHINESE, experienced., first-class, best cook-
ery, wishes position; flrst-class hotel or
boarding-house; good references: satisfaction;
CHARLEY. 1113 Clay St.: phon» Black 3CS8.
FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook wishes a position
In Email hotel, country, near city. FRANK
1110 Stockton st.
YOl'NG Chinese boy wishes position as flrst-
" cla.^s cook In small family; $S or $9 week
. WAH KEE. 7 Benham place. •
AMERICANIZED Chines* wishes work In store
or wholesaler house; speaks and writes Eng-
lish. ED. 1011 Pacific st. I
YOUNCJ Chinese wishes • position as cook In
i'an!ly. Call at Sang Wo Sang & Co.'s.i 613
Jackson st. ■ .
ECZEMA CUKE.
$100 FREE for any case of eczema, salt rheum '
- or barber Itch that I can't cure: a trial treat-
ment free. DR. BROWN. 54 Sixth st.
FXiATS TO LET.
— ■— — — " J
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list:
service absolutely free: take advantage of
this department; It will save you time and
trouble. Ccrdes Furniture Co.. 245-59 Geary
St., on the square.
* * -,' ' ' —— ~__
'COTTAGES, houses and flats to let; every de-
. sirable .vacant place in' San Francisco on
our lists; service absolutely free; let us find
you a place; come in and let us know what
> rent yen want to pay and the locality; "we
do the rest." Sterling Furlture Company,
1039 Market St.. opp. . McAllister.
ELEGANT, new upper flat. 8 rooms with attic,
beamed celling, paneled dining-room; rent
low. . 1338 McAllister at. -
A SUNNY corner'6-room flat: bath: basement:
half block from Market St.: Eighteenth and
Castro at. cars. 3945 Seventeenth st.
NOE, 1052. corner Elizabeth — Sunny corner up-
per flat: new; tt rooms and bath; modern Im-
provements; convenient to 24th-Castro cars.
A CLEAN, sunny flat. 4 rooms, yard, adults.
$12 50. Inquire 1111A Jones st.
LEAVENWORTH. isToH— Flat or 4 rooms;
yard and gas; rent $12.
PINE. 2M0 — Sunny upper -flat. 7 rooms, bath;
| larce sunny yard; rent $35. :
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
on LYON * KOAG. 11R Montgomery st. .- -
FI.ATS FOB SAMS— .TTJRIOSHED.
completely turn. 4 months aso. 017 Jones."
PINE, ? 7.T!— Five, sunny r. and b. : well fur-
' rent $25; aeU or trade for small business.'
TO ADVERTISERS.
Owing to the large
amount of work incident to
the issue of THE CALL
HOLIDAY EDITION,
SUNDAY, DEC. iS, NO
DISPLAY ADVERTIS-
ING copy will be accepted
for that edition after 6
P. M. Saturday, and NO
CLASSIFIED Ads after 9
GET YOUR COPY IN
: EARLY.
FI3TA3rCIA_,
THE REALTY SYNDICATE.
Capital paid li> f I.CAO.OOO 00
turpiu. aw.aoi ss
Issue*
Fit per cent
Investment Certificate*
At par.
Offle* — No. 14 Sansom* at.
8an Francisco. Cal.
CCMPaNIFS formed: mining or patents; atocK
sold; strong Eastern connections: advice fret.
Ttrit* A. F. HAR.<?ZTHT. 822 Croaslev blet*.
PtTRjriTXJBE WA2TTEB.
"WE'LL GKT YOUR BUSINESS" — A fact;
we pay tee most money for good furnltur*.
carpets, picture*, office fittings, merchan-
dise and complete houses. MARK J. LEV*
AUCTION CO.. 1321 Market St.. between
Oth and 10th at*. Phone South 179.
ABE LEVY.
Fal#«roo— . lizi, Markot st. T»t. Jesst* in.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fer»
nlturg. »te.. until you get his estimate.
WILL pay 2O per cent mort for furniture Uaa
dealers or will ••!■ en commission. L. H.
BURP, ana. ICG Market: phone Jessie 2TM.
CALL en Alfred Wollpert. 773 Mission st.. b»-
fore »»lUnc yrvr furnltcr*. Phon* Rxi 44H3.
ruKgrrrcrBS rossAts.
FOR sale — Massive oak bedroom suite and
other furnltur? and ball carpet; all new.
Call^fter 1 p. m.. 249 Noe st.
ALMOST given away: storage pianos, furni-
ture, dirt cheap to pay storage. Whltehead'a
Storage: open^cvnlngs. UZ16 Market it.
BREAKING up: all hamlsome. modern piece*
furniture. B months old. cheap, litftt Halght.
HENRY 1UVKK pays hleh»*t prices for for-
g_' tllr *- <-«rP»t«. etc. -XI M!?»ton: t»l. Bu«h Ml
HEtP WANTED — FEMALE.
TWO cooks, city. £•.{>. $U3; 2 swnd girls, city.
$20. $"5: housework. Palo Alto, $.;3; seconi
girl. Palo Alto. #25; cook. Alameda. $:10;
nurse, 2 children. AUmeda, $30; 2 chamber-
work and s*amntr*«9. city. $25; upstairs girl
and nurs*. Berkley; :i waitresses, no Sun-
day work. $7. $* week: chamberwork and
waiting, country hotel, $20; 2 working hou*»-
keei^rs. $13. $-J0. city; 2 nurse girls, fw.
$1S; seamstress, hospital, $15; housework.
Alameda. $."50; a lar^e number of houufwork
girl* to call to-dny for housework, city an1
country. $:fl), $25. J::i>. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. .TU Sutter st.
THE ROMAYN-SHir.K Register. Renting an-1
A.lv. Co.. ri2-fil:s Grant bUlg.. cor. 7th an.i
Market: SV.uth 1C4.
Sal--sladl< s. exp*ri»nc»d. In curio utore "
Gen. hotisewk. slrl. plain cook. $20 month.
Nurse girl, nice place. 520.
General housewcrk girl, no wash. $25.
CHAMITKRMAID (mu^t yw some) for private
family; $25: see lady her* at 2 to-day MISo
_ PLUNK ETT. 425 Sutter st.. nr. Powell.
COUPLE for private family; $5O; woman for
cooklnr, mnn for g-neral outside work. MI^H
PLUNK ETT. 425 Sutter st.. nr. Powell.
A SECOND s'rl. $23; Scconi "girl. $20; housed
work girl. SW; cc-ok. *::0; girl or woman,
country. $30: nurse. $30; woman for Usht
housework, $15: hnuerglrl. two In family *23
MRS. NOKTON. CftS ila-on st.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn hatrdressin*
manicuring, etc.; trnde taught from A to 2
In 2 wks; tuition $5 to those entering no-*: i
petitions to fill Immediately: positions guar-
anteed at $10 wk. up; only recognized school
of Its kind on const: day and eve. classes.
223 Geary nt.. room 13.
WANTED— Girls to learn millinery now far
spring seanon: both «n«on« taught from start
to finish In me month for $5; positions a»
trimmers, salesladl*?. maker*, guaranteed at
$10 per week up; 7 positions to be tilled by
first of year. Parlors 14-" Stockton St., r. 13.
A— PACIFIC College teaches ha!rdres«ln*.
manicuring, electric massage, etc.; six hours'
practice a day; guarantees positions; only
reccgnlze4 college of 1U kind on coast; day
and evening class**; all parlor work at re-
duced prices. 133 PoweU rt.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS ON OVER-
ALLS. JUMPERS AND COATS; NO EX-
PERIENCE NECESSARY; STEADY WORK:
GOOD PAY. LEVI STRAUSS * CO.. S2H
FREMONT ST. MR. DAVIS.
IN OAKLAND. COR. 10TH AND CLAT STS..
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS ON
OVERALLS: NO EXPERIENCE NECES-
SARY; STEADY WORK^ GOOD PAT.
LEVI STRAUS3 & CO.
SALESLADIES wanted for Juvenile furnlsh-
Ings department. Apply this morning before
9 a. m.. 3. N. WOOD & CO.. 740 Market St.
YOUNG lady wanted as bookkeeper. Apply
SPERLING'S Mlision Carpet House. 2020
Mission st.
WANTED — Experienced salesladies for center
alsU. Apply MARKS BROS.. 1220 Market.
EXPERIENCED salesladies wanted. Apply J.
M. LEVEE * CO.. cor. Powell and Geary.
WANTED — Ten experienced cashiers. Apply
I'rascr's d?ijartmi-nt store. Market and Jon*9.
GIM.S for laboratory work. Apply VIAVI
CO., 2T.C1 Van Ness ave.
GOOD hands on vests who can make button-
hole?. «4P« Stevtnson st.
COMPETENT jcupt wom*n. cooking, general
housewk.. small fam.: $25. 15 Fair Oaks st.
A FEW more ladles may mak« their Christmas
pin money a»si?:injC with our new lines deco-
rative work: ro experience or tal?nt re-
quired; pay by the piece; about 10c for plees
at first. Ca!l from 3 to 5. 1344 Market st
WANTED — A mldflle-aeed woman as a house-
keeper In a Rtr.all family of 3 ariultj- wa^es
$15: a good ot?ady home. Address F. R
Tuolumne. Cal.
YOUNG woman who !s an experienced; dr»
goods wrarrer. Applr bet. 0 and M a m
I at HALE CRO?.' '
WANTED— Chocolat" illpper: $10 to SI" r— •
week." Apply KKLLER CANDY CO "oak-
land. office 477 Seventh st.
LADIES for steady home employment- V* i-t<J
H2 weekly. Emma Spreckels bids 9"*T M»-.
ket it., room CIS. " "- "* **•
WOMAN want«Kl am housekeepTiTon^ranch S."M
Howt-.rd ?t.. roc.n a, bet. !> and 12.
1 .?" 0004 har ' d at <»r««- a k!nsr. «-1
HEU "WARTES— MAIjL
THE NATIONAL EMPLOYES R-cdfuTco" '
Lntry clerk wholesale house. $50
Spanl.-h stenographer, excellent pay
Young man. knowledge of carpentry "*13 wk
3 master mechanic?, jrood pay
Wagon drivtr for this city
Photographer and retoucher, country, good
Yourijj man for brewery. ?20
gas'Tia" "••" ot * blmy: ' 5 g , oo T^rcT : .t.
: £,£° ••■ 1:a> **—' «■
Champagne salesman. $4 day
City salesman, sill: >klrts. etc . $20 week
:i advertising solicitors for country. S: day
Fim-class stenographer. $t-5.
Younc man. r«al e»tate office. kikhJ mv
Boy taVc charge prlvato exchange. $5 week.
Salesman. $2 day.
AT HORD & SMITH'S!.
Contractors' A«em». 05 Third »t.
Cook, restaurant, south. *12 to $t4.
First and second cooks. San Jose. S70 and fs>
Teamster. Bay t^hore. «.
Solicitor, tea and «offee, city.
Experienced man for' dye works, f VKRAMONA CHOCOLATE CHIPS OR RAnONA DOMINOES-FREE
. KELP WAItTED — MALE— -Continued.
•MURRAY & READY. C34-C3G Clay st. "~"
Phone Main C84S.
Th< nieht of Man to Live— the Right of Man
to Work-
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
W« cave in 1JKJ3 1904 we hope ta
Co.000 men work. increase «50,000.
C c_riynter-. country. $3 W> day.
12 ranch hands. $26. (80 fd.
0 rrurnrs. $26, $30 fd.
C dairymen. $30 to $40 fd.
Foreman for a brick yard, boss here.
Tinsmith. $3 to $1 day.
" S SAILMAKERS. $4 DAY.
I>yer end cleaner; 5 apprentice boys.
Mark«- and distributor, southern laundry.
$15 week.
6 handy men to assist carpentr**. no tools,
$2 day.
MARRIED.
Cook and wife, kitchen work, country. $80
and found.
Cook and wife. mine. Nevada, $56 found.
Milker and wife, Portuguese, $40 found.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Cook for a dr. ■-_<.- r. $40 found.
3 hotel cooks. J-UV $40 $30 found.
BARTENDER.
Bartender, stcail country hotel, $30 found.
BAKER.
Bak<>r. on cakes, city, $18 week.
PORTERS. BELL AND ELEVATOR
BOYS.
MT.-RRAY A READr. C34-636 Clay St.
OGAL MINERS— OREGON— GOAL MINERS.
OREGON. COAL MJNERS. OREGON.
MURRAY & READY, C34-636 Clay St.
AMERICAN BUSINESS BUREAU.
801-802 Starr King bldg. 1-1 Geary st.
Conducted on strictly business principles.
We Secure Positions for
Office f CO to $100 month
• Bookkeepers. *75 to $J50 month
Stenographers. ffl to $li«0 month
. TmveliRg *_>s-aet_ *75 to $100 month
Collectors. $20 to $30 month
Correspondent clerks. $00 to $1^0 month
Private secretaries. f CO to $100 month
Accountants. - $C0 to $1.5 month
Superintendent*. $ C3 to $2iO roonth
Floor walker*. «15 to $-5 wefk
Dry goods clerks. $12 to $1S week
Bill clerk*. $10 to $15 week
Order clerks. ?3 to $12 week
Shipping clerk. $12 to $15 w«ek
Law office clerks. $12 to f"5 wee*
Hot*l clerks. $10 to $20 we»k
Entry <•;«_. $10 to $14 wwk
Cashiers. $C0 to $123 month '
Railroad clerks. $65 to $175 month
Olfioe manager*. $G0 to $125 month
General office cterks. $T»0 to $75 month
And rcary others. Call and see us.
AMERICAN BUSINESS BUREAU.
EMPLOYMENT DEPT.
801-802 Etarr King Blog^ 121 Geary et.
THE ROMAYN-EHIRK Register Renting and
Adv. Co.. C12-C13 Grant bldg.. 7th and Mar-
ket. South 104.
Watchmaker, bench hand, good Job. $25.
Bhoe salesman, good appearance, $1S week.
Piano salesman, inside Job, top salary.
Gents' furnl-hing goods salesmen, $15-$18.
ANDRE'S, S17 Stockton st.
A flrst-claes gardener, country, $40 and
found; eight watchir.an, country estate, $40
end found; waiter plain country hotel, $30;
pood c>;. ■»£:-• < r. $'j a week; boy for ranch.
|10 and found.
PRIVATE «ab>ir.an. $30 and found; baker,
country, $10 to $12 xvoek and found; and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. C2S Sacra-
. r.fr/.i st.
MAN end wife for th«» country: man to do
tome gardening, woman a* housekeeper; ref-
eiwices; wages $.W MISS PLUXKETT, 425
Sutter St.. near Powell.
WANTED — Ordnance foreman. $6 per diem. An
examination will be held at the Navy Yard,
Mar* li-i.vix:, Cal.. Pei-ember 23, 1904, to fill
the 'above p-*ition. For application, and fur-
ther information address ••COMMANDANT.
NAVY YARD. MAKE ISLAND. CAL."
MAN under 25 from Pan Francisco or vicinity
to rrrare for coming Railway Mall Clerk
examination: many good appointments; ex-
ceptional opening. W. L. COFFEY, Mgr. S.
. F. Agency Interstate Schools. 463 Parrott bg.
WANTED — Captain for a lumber schooner;
«aj?eg flld per month and big profits; muet
invest JJ2000. Apply 6C2 Market St.. room 23.
WANTED — Experienced wrapper. Apply, at
PRATERS' Department Store, Market and
Jones ste.
WANTED — One or two rnen to learn a trade;
mum. have $10 for security; no Sunday work.
Call €1S Merchant, bet. Kearny and Montg'y.
COATMAKKR for country. Apply REISS
BHOS. & CO.. 24 Sutter et.
WANTED — Young man with some experience
on brass lathe. Bex 2ri22, Call office.- •*■ -
WANTED — First -class pantsmaker for coun-
try. Call 5Ti> Mission sf_
BUSHKLMAN wanted. Can at 616 Washing-
ton Ft.
GOOD barber: good wages; steady. 9 Hardie
place, off Keamy st_, bet. Bush and Sutter.
YOUNG man to learn -picture trade; $3 60 to
f-tart. CaJ. Frame Co.. SC7 Howard st.
WAXTED — A second-band ice plant, lmmedl-
■ slely. Box lCi*3. 10US Market St. I
BARBER phop for sale; rent $12. Inquire H.
BARNARD, 104 Seventh et_
COLEilAN exchacge — Barber shops bought and
sold. Boom 806, Mutual Bank bldg.
4-CHAIR barber shop for sale. $300{ owner
going K&i-i. 21S Montgomery ave: -•
WANTED — 4 to 6 chair paying barber shop;
full investigation ; central. Box 2524, Call.
WANTED — To buy a good paying barber •'hop;
two chairs cr more. Box 2514, Call office.
POETTTONB FOR THE NEW YEAH.
Hl*h-gn_2e sa>nr. -n, office and technical
men. seeking positions, will find It to their
advantage to investigate our plan. Whether
employed or unemployed, we can Interest
you. Calls received dally for men for de-
sirable positions in mercantile and technical
lines. Our charges are moderate and our
responsibility is open to your Investigation.
.COMMERCIAL CLEARANCE COMPANY.
415-416 Starr King bldg.. 121 Geary st,
WANTED — Man buyer and manager for estab-
lished cloak and milt deportment In Los An-
- geles; one of the largest In the city; good
salary and coxnm!e«!on oa Increased busl-
cec*; mart have thorough knowledge and ca-
pable of handling a large force; beet of ref-
erencee required. Address all correspondence
to JACOBY BROS.. Los Angeles. Cal.
_fEN — The ofcly original Moler Barber College
teach** barber trade In 8 weeks; wages
earned wfc'.le learning.
New quarters and new appllancee.
Can or write for illustrated catalogue.
Moler Barber College, 649 Sacramento st.
Lately moved from Cay st.
WANTED — F*ew h!gh-class solicitors to sell
certificates of deposit in a banking corpora-
tion; eoine financial assistance to those with
ability and Al references: none ctVr need
epply; opportunity to realise $5 to $10 per
Cay. Address hex 1046. Call office.
■ A PLEASANT faced, fine appearing registered
physician and surgeon; must be quite gray,
but active: positively no other; no traveling;
salary {200 cr more when well started. o»H
at 25 Third. «t.
WaNTET>— Men and women to learn the bar-
ber trade, under first-class Instructor; only 6
weeks required at OrX-LETTS BCHOOL, 611
Commercial et.
WANTED — L-borers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House, j
_21T Third st.; 230 rooms; 26c to 60c per night. |
ANTED— Men to prepare for railway mall.
Internal revenuo and custom-house positions;
free c*uJ(_-_e. Pacific Correspondence .Inst I-
tute. Grant bldg., 1095 Market; open evgs.
WANTED — Voung man who is an experi-
enced bundle wrarrr. Apply bet. 9 and 11
a. m.. «.t HALE BROS.*
WANTED— Educated gentleman for encyclope-
£ U V!£ ; $100 ° •**•" year : references required.
Box 1190. Call office. . - ;
BAREER shop for sale; good paying; 8 chairs*
In Napa; cheap. Inquire 111 Ellis sf_. S. F..
or Napa Hct«l barber shop, Napa.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting- 25c
to COc. 671 Mission et., bet. 1st and 2d sts ,
cr 11 Third st.. Examiner building.
WANTED— Men to fill 3.0 rooms ~at *0c per i
night ; clothes closets. ha!r mattresses, elec- '
trie light in even' room. C81 Howard, nr. 3d. I
TRY cur men's shoes, union made- $1 andTl~60
pair; foot-form shoes. $2 CO; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid.; open till 9 p.m.
SCHOOLBOY to carry morning papers- no
c-nday work. Apply 1S_5 Migslon st. '
CAREER \ trade taught absolutely Tr^T
HAIGHT-S. T_l Mission st.; »ee him.
MEN to learn th» detective business; paid
* while learning. 997 Market st.. room 104.
MEN. learn the barber trade; tuition free to
lucky oce. 741 Howard st. '
MEN" wanted at 137 34 St.. where shoes are re-
;>alred by machinery; sewed soles 10 mln., 75c
LABOR debts collected: suits, attachments!
Law and Adjustment Co., 328 Montgy., r. 415.
rnNTION atty.. K. A. Bullis. r. 40. . PhelaifbM.
Fast Corn. Geo. II. Thorns n Post. G. A. ri.
WINCHESTER Hotrl. 44 Third nt..near Mar-
ket— 700 room*: COc night: reading rooms;
tree 'bus and bags age to and from ferry.
EEI.P X-TAirnSP— MA.I.T!-— C<m«wnea.
SAILORS and young men (green bands) foe
ships. HALLBERT, 617 Jackson at.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisement* and subscriptions ha*
been opened at 1008 MafEet *t., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
ALL sizes men's shoes slitrhtty damaged, half
price. B71 Mission sf_. bet, let and 2d *t*. •
SOLICITOHS WAjmiP.
CALLER-OUT on flash light work. Room 19,
26 Montgomery st. _ J____
HOBSeS ACT WAQOgB.
FIRE sale— Vehicles of all description* slight-
ly damaged by flre. *moke and water, to be
sold at a sacrifice during next 5 days at
O'BRIEN & SONS', BOO Golden Gate ave.
CARLOAD gentle driving and business horses,
also heavy wagon and truck horses. WEST-
ERN HORSE MARKET, E. STEWART &
CO.. 220 Valencia st.
TWO carloads broke horses, weighing from
IC00 to 1600 pounds, at Western Horse Mar-
ket. E. STEWART & CO., 220 Valencia. -
THE quarterly bulletin of S. F. Veterinary Col-
lrg« sow ready; mailed free upon application
to DR. E. J. CREELY. Pree., 610 Golden Gate
FOR eale — Buggy, f33; horse, work single or
double. $35. 1318 Grove st.
A STYLISH, gentle horse for sale; T years
old: trots or paces. Box 1497, Call office.
BUGGY for sale; fine running order. • Address
box 1208. Call office.
FOR Rale — 10 second-hand express wagons, one
pintle truck. 2SS Beale st.
AUCTION sale of horses, wagona- and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 827 Sixth *t. '
HOTELS.
HOTEL BALTIMORE. 1015 Van Ness ave.—
Tills fln>t-clasg hotel, now being conducted on
American plan, especially for families for the
veason or year. Location is unsurpassed. The
I equipments are all modern, witb every oon-
I venlcnce. The rooms are large, sunny and
comfortable; superb view; furnishings are all
elegant. Cuisine highest order. H, C. SHAN-
NON, manager, formerly of Hotel Langham,
New York, and Moana Hotel, Honolulu.
55E55!L£SLJyi'£
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery
UNFURNISHED or partly furnUbed home;
Presidio Heights; 8 rooms and bath. Box
737. Call office.
HOUSE. 8 rooms aad bath. Inquire 120
Eddy rt.
HOUSES TO LET — TU"R.TTrSHED.
PINE. 27S6 — Cozy, sunny 8 r. and b.; complete-
ly fur.; large yard: basement; fine locality.
COTTAGES TO I»ET.
$1G— 5-ROOM cottage on Cottage row, nr. Web-
ster, bet. Sutter and Bush. Inquire tio. 7.
___EraTAJri3ilIEWT BTTTUIXNG.
building" construction company.
Installment homes, 612 Callaghan building,
will build on your property or buy you a lot;
fS a .month pays principal and Interest on
each $1000 of balance, due. making your In-
stallments lees than rent: send for circular.
. LOST AND POTOD.
LOST — A pass bock with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of ELIZABETH J. MACKENZIE, No.
241-1 110;" the finder will please return to
bank.
LOST— Sunday afternoon, at beach, eouth of
Park, black Scotch collie bitch. Suitable re-
ward If returned to 1326 Forty-ninth ave..
Boulevard station, or notify where can be
found.
LOST — Dec. 10. lady's green and gold enameled
watch; Initials. "A. M. B.," inside; finder
kindly return to J. BAETi, 1200 Geary st. ;
liberal reward.
LOST— Half grown sable and white collie dog;
had-- tar on left htnd : foot; • return to 1603
Van Ness ave. and receive "reward. " : *'
$2W REWARD — Breaetpln. bed of email dia-
monds In crescent of pearl*. MISS L., 1661
Oc ta via st. - ... . . . .-. .•_•-.
LOST — Tues.. at Newman & Levlnson's, pair
gold lorgnettes; liberal reward by returning
to California Optical Co.. 205 Kearny at.
CHIP diamond and ruby rings left in lavatory
of White House. Please return to office of
same. - -,--
LOST — Tuesday, diamond screw earringi re-
ward. Wells-Fargo building, room 28.
LOST — Blue enameled watch. Return Scottish
Hall. 107 Larkln st.; reward,
LOST — Monday, lady's sunburst breastpin, with
diamond In center. 113 Scott St.; reward.
LOST — Sunday, round leather purse oontalnlng
sum of money. Reward .Auditorium Hotel.
IJLUNCHES FOB H3H.E.
C A- McNEILL LAUNCH CO., foot of Clay
St.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 634.
g MXDIOAJL
LADIES who are in trouble or suffering from
any ailment oeculiar to their sex can find
Immediate relief by consulting Dr. White,
tbe only graduate physician In Ban Fran-
cisco who has devoted a' lifetime to helping
women: 17 years' experience without a fail-
ure has put him at 'the bead. He guaran-
tees relief or no pay. -«.-;••
DR. WHITE, 702 Market St.. rooms 7 and 8.
DR. G. W. O-DONNELL— AH who are sick er
In trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult eases treated;
every case taken; Immediate relief; no poi-
soning druge; low fees; my methods will cure
all ca.-'s of Irregularity; by consulting me
save time and moneys advice free. Office,
1018 Market st. -
LADIES — Possibly I'm not the cheapest nor
yet the oldest specialist here, but I AM a
RELIABLE graduate physician. When In
trouble confide in me. Irregularities relieved;
the unfortunate helped; I promise best at-
tention and no danger; I guarantee prompt
results or no charge. Room 1. Est. 14 years.
DR. B. G. WEST, office 806 Kearny »t.
DRS. GOODWIN has returned from Europe;
estab. 1884 in E. F. ; 26 yean' experience;
female complaints only: Dn. Goodwin 1* well
known to enjoy the implicit confidence of
ladlee euffering from Irregularities or other
condition*; relief assured or no charge; avoid
delay; fee low; hours 2 to 4 and 6:3ft to 8:30
p. m. &50 Market et., second floor, room 37.
LADIES suffering from Irregularities, sick or
In trouble, consult Dr. Sylvester, 219 Kearny
St.; relief guaranteed; no drugs.no operations.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1006% Market st_, opp. 6th.
VALPEA17S female pills; best regulating pills
•old; price $2 60 by express. Pasteur** syr-
inge and tablets; price $5. By express only
on receipt of price. - OSOOOD BROTHERS,
wholesale druggists. Seventh and Broadway.
Oakland. - "
MRS. DR, WYETH. specialist for all female
complaint* and lrregularitlea; Instant relief
guaranteed: 80 years' experience. 944 Post at
MRS. DR. ALLEN, ladles specialist, removed
from 111S Market to 838 Mission st. near
Fourth: home in confinement; 23 'yean* ex-
perirnce; best medical attention; low fees.
TALBOT BARNARD, Australian Nerve Spec-
lallst. has arrived; limited number patients
created home; consultation free. 3221 21st st.
MRS. DR. CWTER, 61IA Leavenworth »t., be-
tween Geary and O'Farrell. Tel. East 697.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
LADIES — Kmnround; safe, sure, never falls;
12. Gleason-Rugglea Drug Co.. Kearny * Clay.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2085 Folsom st., corner
2Cth: ladles, relief cr ne fe»; $10. -
MISCELLANEOUS— 7O& SALE.
AN easy way to give Chrt*tma* present* with-
out straining your pur*e: Select anything
from our large stock %>t diamonds, watches,
jewelry, cut-glass silverware, gold and silver
umbrellas etc. ; deliver you the goods on first
payment; the balance In small installments;
no charge for engraving; call in and exam-
ine our goodv. UNITED- LOAN AND TRUST
CO '21 Stockton St., near Market. Phone
Bush 4S4. - ' •■■-.- ,,
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Have you a leaky tin, shingle,, felt or Iran
roof ? Cover It with Mastic Roofing. It Is best
Jor old and new roofs, and for valleys, gutter*.
decks, balconies, etc. Mastic Roof Paint and
Roofing Cement will stop' small .leaks.. Write
u» about It. Elaterlte Roofing Co.. .713 Market.
A— BUYS, sells, or. rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
*tc. WIHTELAW. 253-255 Spear sf, '
SWELL white fqx'stole; very handsome; worth'
$50; accept <12^0. -. Call 10C0 Halght rt. •
BL'GGY and phaeton for sale. Call 1698 Turk
street. . ., • : ; . ;;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1904.
'-• _-i «_ ' ****** •■_- - '
Free Candies^ Christmas
I FREE TO SMALL AD PATRONS OF
.•..-. YOUR CHOICE OF ONE BOX OF .-. .-.
1 ... . OR THE • •
j Ramona Dominoes
1 Dnmnnn Cnr%f\ii>^ are a home production, made in Gali-
I immonfl ■ uanoigs ENTIRELY new
[I PROCESS, and represent high art in candy making. Special
I attention is given to the selection of ingredients that makeup
I / these candies, and the factory at Berkeley is a model of immac-
I -late cleanliness.
ftamona Chocolate Chips strirtl 7 pofean f whole -
I V , some, always crisp — a
I . dainty, delicious morsel.- *-- * ~ ; * ; :^
IliiRaiiollioliin^^ a
[I . box of the cleanest and most
I appetizing candy on the market*
I 'They taste like more."
I Ramona Candies are on sale everywhere.
I Free to any person presenting a Small Ad.....
I , Thursday, Friday or Saturday
NO WANT ADS FOR SUNDAY ISSUE, DEC. 18, RECEIVED AFTER 9 P. M. SATURDAY.
I Call Business Office, Third and Market Sts.
Oakland Office - - 1016 Broadway
MISCEI.LAirEOUS — FOB SAI.E — Con.
2V-UAX1J machinery, engine, boilers, pumps,
pulley*, shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see . Sunday . papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-band machinery. MoIN-
TOBH A WOLPMAN. 105-197 Fremont sU '
REPUTABLE place to rent cents' full dress.
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits. J. COOPER,
81 Stockton st. (formerly at Pals/;* Hotel.)
TRY our men's shoes at $1 aad $1 60 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 &Q; we pay express
charge*. , 11 8d St., Exam, bid. | catalog free.
DIAMONDS and . Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMEK'B, 137 Mont-
' gomery st.. room 12, upstair*.
AN elegant sealskin. -food as new, only $70.
UNITED LOAN AND TRUST CO., 21 Stock-
ton st.. "econd floor.
SHELVING, etc., for sale: sacrifice; half of
store for rent; see It at 1478 Market st.
Apply 16 Chronicle building. 8:30 p. m.
LARGE white' Polar * bear skin, mounted: will
sell at sacrifice. Call at fur store, 11 City
Hall square.
FOR sale — Four-wheeled lnralld chair; half
price. 113 Lexington ave., after 6 p. m.
ALL kind* of talking machine* and records at
LEVY'S, 415 Kearny St.; exchange* made.
BIG bargain* 1 In unredeemed diamond pledges
at W. J. HESTHAL'8. 10 Blxth »t.
HIGHEST cash price' paid for diamonds at
i PAUL V. OARI?T8. 114 Sutter st-
TOWKY'S furniture polish removes spots and
stains; free delivery. 370 Fell s t. ' '
: GAS engines, centrifugal pumps; highest grade;
lowest prices. Price Pump Co., 623 Market st.
SAFES and cash registers; new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1325 Market St.
2D-HAND bldg., material; lumber, door, sash,
plumb, material. The Dolan Co., 1607 Market.
> DESKS bought, sold and exchanged.' T. D.
McCarthy Co., 807 Mission st. ; tel. South 811.,-
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale,' rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck, 131 Post st. ■
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
M ANN SAFE CO.. S07 Battery «t
GASOLINE engine*, automobile* and launches;
-all site*. J. B. DOAK/46 Fremont »t. .- -.-'.V
ROOMS papered, $4 up: - tinting, pointing.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 819 Third: tel. Main 413.
MTBCEIiItAjrEOTTS WAITTB. ~~
AAAAAA — BUYS any . amount - Rood' 2d-hand
clothing; special price for fancy ladles' and
men'* clothing. 922 Folsom; tel. Folsom 3522,
AAAAA— Highest price* for ladle*',' gents' 'cast-
pff clothing. Tel.Davls 823. «50 Sacramento st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS — Continued.
INVENTORS desirous of selling or borrowing
money on their patents, call at United Loan
and Trust Co., 21 Stockton st., 2d floor; phone
Bush 484. -
DIAMONDS and precious stones bought for
cash. KARL EBER & CO.. r. 405, Adama
bldg.. 200 Kearny at.; phone Black 3036.
Levy tt Redler, highest price for gents' caat-olt
clothing, shoes: tel. Red 1544. 615 Washington
< MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A NUMBER OF BARGAINS~IN UPRIGHTS.
A small upTlght, a snap ..$95
Btodart. mahogany case, fine condition. .$135
Grovesteen & Fuller, full size concert. .$145
Fischer, thoroughly repaired ...$100
Also a Chickerlng. Vose. Stelnway, Weber.
Mason & Hamlln. Sterling and many' others.
1 Easy payments. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON.
' 10 O'Farrell st.
A GREAT opportunity— We are closing out
our er tire Seattle stock In S. F. at prices
never heard of before; all makes; your
term* are our terms; rents $2 up; allowed If.
purchased. HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237
Geary st.. S. F. : Oakland. ■ 1252 Broadway.
A TREMENDOUS sacrifice— (Ear fine new
pianos in storage; slightly damaged by R.
R. wreck;- lees than $100;, pianos guaranteed;
open eves. Whltehead's Storage, 1630 Market.
PARTY must sell large Stelnway upright; cost
$700; price $285: will accept payments; no
reasonable cash offer refused. 237 Geary st.
BEAUTIFUL new upright pianos for rent, $3
per month; one year's rental allowed if pur-
chased. SCOTT-CURTAZ, 560 Hayes st.
ALMOST given > away — Storage pianos, furni-
ture, dirt cheap to pay storage. ■ Whltehead's
Storage, 1636 Market st. ; open evening*, c, •
$35t-EASTERN piano, cost $400. for aale on $5
Installments. 1309 Gough St.. near Geary.
OPEN evenings until Christmas. Byron Mauzy
Piano Wareroome. 308-312 Post st. -
A SMALL Etelnway upright; cost $500; $185
takes It. 237 Geary at.
FISCHER, upright: cost $350; will Bell for $96.
237 Geary- st. - .
FOR honest and fair 'dealing, Hornung ' Piano
House. 216 McAllister st. .. ■•
ELEGANT uprights.new & 2d-hand,$45 to|500
I Pierce's Piano Factory. Market and 14th sts.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos, Cecelian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 808-312 Post -st.
NEW- upright pianos sold . on ■ $5 monthly pay-
. .ments. • SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st. .-.
3-PEDAL Stelnway up; Chlckering baby grand;
i Shoninger, little used. Keeffe's. 2S5 O'Farrell.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call; • 16 pages, : sent . to any address :in the
United States or Canada one year for ?1. ""
Moarinr^To loan.
AAAAA — A CONFIDENTIAL ' and reputable
place to borrow money on the following:
Salaries.
Life insurance policies.
Chattel mortgages.
Undivided interests. .
Goods in bond. ' ' .
Legacies. y
Second and third mortgages.
Estates in probate.
Life estates.
!S:¥oial department for .loans to ladles on
their, notes.
: Private oftlces for ladles and gentlemen.
■ UNITED LOAN AND TUUi-T CO..
21 Stockton st., near Market.
'"■\ 2d llocr. Phone Bush 4S4.
AAAA— THE Portland Jewelry Co. will Tuak.-
vou very liberal loans on your diamonds,
'sealskin or any valuables at the low rate of
two CJ) per cent, per month; If you do not
wish to call, phone us (phone Hush 464) and
the manager of 'our loan department will call
on you; all business strictly confidential.
25 STOCKTON ST.. NEAR MARKET.
Private otfices at 21 Stockton st., 2d floor.
N: B. — The on!}' loan office west of New
York that has a flre and burglar proof vault
' on the premises: iree use of same to all cus-
tomers. • ' -
—MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (Inc.)—
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN. .......
....INTEREST 6% AND 0 PER CENT....
CITY. OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRY
; PROPERTY
Second mortgages, life Insurance policies, es-
' tate* in probate, undivided interests In prop-
erty, probate realty loans, stocks and bond*
legacies, and undivided Interests in property
purchased.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
Suite 107-108 Crocker bldg.: phone Main 582*.
WILL LOAN ~
A reasonable amount on
Mortgage,- on real estate.
In city, town or country.
Low rate of interest.
. - Give , full particulars
of property.
' Location, etc.
Box 223. Call office. '
SALARY LOANS— . : '-" ' - •'.. '■.
t v Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
' any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
, call and «et terms. Drake, 433 Parr itt bid.
HIGHLY . respectable private place' to obtain
- liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, - at 2
\ oer.cent- Interest. . Baldwin- Jewelry Store,
878 Market;, tel. ' Main > 1644. • Branch 1192
■- Market and 27 Third. - - r .■■
A— ON: furniture or pianos at lowest rates: no
removal; ao publicity; also on real estate;
let: or 2d mortgages or on any security; any
amount. O. W.» BECKER. 3o Geary, room 3fl.
TO salaried people without security. The White
; Co.. i 420 California *C rooms 14 and 10..
MOWEY TO LOAN— Contln ned.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements: no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided inter-
est*, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estate* and undivided In-
. terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment Strictly confMentlaL
When You Need Money,
Bee HERMAN MURPHY. ■- '■-'■'- ■'.■'.■
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments: large business In 46
principal cities. TOLMAN. 653 Parrott bldg.
LOANS on personal notes, salaries, furniture,
> second mortgages, etc.; easiest terms in city.
United Service Credit Co., 8 Taylor et.
PRIVATE— Money loaned on salaries without
security; diamond* or chattrls ; no fee; no
com.; cut rate. Cal. Loan Co.. 523 Parrott bid.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos: no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
private, confidential, -tf Montgomery, rm. 21.
MONEY to loan at low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stone* bought
at W. J. HKSTHAL'g. 10 Sixth «t
PRIVATE party will loan money on salaries
without security. Room 75, S16 Market st.
SALARIED people on note. & F. DISCOUNT
AGENCY. 125-127 Phelan bldg. Private.
MONEY loaned in sums from $10 upward;' rea-
sonable Intercut. A. O. Colton. 717 Mills bid.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches. Jewelry;
confd. Diamond Parlor Jewelry Co.. 723 MlcL
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
us. Huttcn Credit Co.. 812 Mutual Bank bldg.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried'
employes. Room 311, Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds & jewelry at 2 per cent
- mo. B. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 638 Kearny.
&% ON furniture A pianos; $16 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN, room 81. 6 Eddy sf-
CAEH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndoraer. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
MATTRESSES AJTD PILLOWS.
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process): excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. 1432-84 Howard st. : phone Sooth 2IB.
SHARES In companies located on the great
proven ledges of Tonopah are attractive In-
vestments; reliable parties capable of placing
them can earn good Incomes. 330 Pine, r. 5.'
- * - PEE3O3TAL3.
■^R^X^-A^l-O^l^U^i^E^i-N?"™"
- "HUNDREDS RECENTLY HEALED."
"HE SAVED MY LIFE" LAST WEEK.—
Through eating tainted meat I suffered the
most awful, excrutlating torments from
PTOMAINE POISONING. Every moment
seemad as if It would be my LAST. I
writhed in exquisite anguish all the time.
There was constant violent vomiting and
purging with inconceivable. Intolerable tor-
ture all over my body especially In stom-
ach and bowels. I felt I must surely DIE
unless speedily helped, but nothing relieved
me In the least. I was collapsing from the
most cruel agonies and exhaustion. Then
came Rexradlo, whose "flrst" treatment (In-
stantly) gave me extraordinary relief. It was
like passing from hell to heaven. The second
treatment fully and permanently stopped ail
the dreadful pains, vomiting and purging,
with no return since. That night I slept
soundly and ever since have felt like a new
man, entirely painless, easy and hearty, and
able as usual to attend to my business. 1
cannot speak too highly of Rexradlo and his
truly "marvelous" humanized radium treat-
ment, which I earnestly recommend to all
sufferers. Before I was a "skeptic," but now
Rsxradlo has not a more enthusiastic, grate-
ful advocate than I am. He healed me as
If by magic, and undoubtedly saved my
life.. Call on me any time. — Richard J.
Keneflck. 7 Fourth st.
"OSSIFIED LADY." — Mrs. Knowles' once sol-
id joints continue to freely move. Call and
read the marvelous details In "written" tes-
timony dictated and signed by her HUS-
BAND: far MORE wonderful than previous
"brier' notices: also numerous WIT-
NESSES of the great benefit, who knew for
years her helpless condition, are willing to
be "Interviewed."
"A MULTITUDE" of patients recently suc-
cessfully treated for anchylosis, . dea.f-
muteUm. paralysis, neuralgia, rheumatism,
lumbago, blindness, fever, cancer, ulcer, ca-
tarrh, locomotor ataxia, contracted muscles,
gastritis, pneumonia, tumor, sciatica. - - fits,
etc. : also numerous ■ cases of FEMALE
WEAKNESSES quickly, wonderfully helped
by Rexradlo. after all others had FAILED
utterly.' Call and see stacks of testimonials.
(DISTANT treatments given.)
"REXRADIO'S" office hours. 2 to 7. DAILY
"public" healing, 2 and 8 p. m. Bring sick
poor. Call for WEEKLY CIRCULAR. 1
Fourth st. (cor. Market).
A A— WHY look old?
Fifteen day rate will now be given by MME.
GILLINGHAM: a lady 72 years of age with
wrinkles and pufflness removed from one side
of the face can be seen dally: write for book-
let. 143 Stockton St.. cor. G-ary.
_ _________
SPECIAL BETWEEN SEASON LOW RATES
this week for facial beautifying; a face with-
out a wrinkle with the contour and fresh
color of youth may be had through my
. scientific treatment: consultation and book-
let free. M. ELLA HARRIS. 12S Geary st,
THIS Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
and itching scalp; no stain er stickiness;
cleanses . scalp ;at druggists' , hairdressers' ; ae-
• cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.,1333 Polk.
MRS. LEGO, the noted mental scientist, has
opened offices at 2214 Howard St.; all dis-
eases positively cured without medicine; to-
bacco & liquor habits specialty; consult free.
NOTICE — Any one desiring to become master
of their own destiny and become an Initiate
In the Cabala for Information. The Philo-
sophical Pub. Co., 1429 Market st
OXYGEN massage cures weakness and nervous
troubles. Office, 320 Starr King bldg.. 121
Geary st. MRS. HOLSHOUSER. magnetio
specialist; ladles and gentlemen.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews. 709 Fifth st.. Oakland.
RUGS made from old carpet*; Ingrain, brus-
sel«. tapestry and moquette; chenille curtains
woven Into new rugs. Fluff Rug Factory,
862 Market St.. Oakland: take West 8th car.
AUBREY FITCH: -Write me; my present ad-
; dress Salt Lake City: Important news front
London. WALTER.
CANCERS, floating kidney, rectal, spinal dis-
eases cured painlessly. MRS. ADA. 1024 Mis-
sion st. .' r
ASTHMA and rheumatism cured free. The
Blue Cross Medical Aid Specialists. 1035 Mkt.
FANCY and silk dresses carefully washed.
JAPANESE FAVORITES LAUNDRY. e»tab.
1.99. 2122 FlMmcre St.: phone Geary 2053.
AT less than cost: uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trcusers at CHARLCS LYONS'. Londoa
Tailor. 721 Market st. ,
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down snd Sl 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURK CO.. 340 Post st.. near Powell.
ELECTRIC "light Baths; hot and cold tub
J_^l__JfLHi a i?__ 8 i:
FACE marsafte and electric treatments, newly
opened rarlcrs. 104 Kearny St.. 2d floor.r. 2.
SUITS to order on Installments of 51 per week.
KEUHAUS CO.. the tailors. 729 Market st,
EASY installments for Men and Youths.- Suits
to order. Co-operative Tailoring. 1117 Mk:.
.$1 a *eek: suits to order $15 up. LEMO3. 1127
Market St.. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
ONE dollar weekly keeps you in fine clothing.
Art Tailoring-. 1644 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas.
ELEGANT suits to order, extra pants or fancy
vests, for $14 75. Fred Wagner. 830 Market.
Superfluous hair removed; electric needle. Mrs.
Eaton.SCD Sutter. Mlns Eaton.233 Geary.r.-S.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50: drees pants $3 50.
MUflt Clothing Parlor. cor. Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs; |
country orders. GOLDSTEIN »t CO.. 73.1 Mkt.
AI.FREDUM'S Egyptian Henna resto-es gray
hair .to It* nautral color. $1 at all druggists'.
PHYSICIANS AND StTSOEONS.
DR. C. C.O'DONNELL— Office and 'residence
1021% Market St.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women
t
BLOOD, rkin and rectal diseases a specialty
DR. BALL. 1073»4 Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason st.. now lo-
cated at CC7 Geary st.. near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dis-
easae cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new methods; one week's
treatment free. Dr. Cottlngham. 2C4 Sutter.
. . PURCHASING AGENCIES.
CLARA E. JEWETT. purchasing agent: coun-
try orders a specialty: correspondence solicit-
ed. 806 Larkln at., room 49; tel. Soutb 31».
TtnTr _r« i ■ TT't Mi i aHlrjiii~.il !"■ j*i«f_illi _ss1_-«T-_-«1-H ■ i 1_ _r i J i r _ i. ifc i— i.niT
TO. ADVERTISERS.
Owing to the large
amount of work incident to
the issue of THE CALL
HOLIDAY EDITION,
SUNDAY, DEC. 18, NO
DISPLAY ADVERTIS-
ING copy will be accepted
for that edition after 6
P. M. Saturday, and NO
CLASSIFIED Ads after 9
GET YOUR COPY IN
. :<v- EARLY.
a-BAXi rgTATS— CTTT— 3PO» UAXJL
SPECK A CO..
tO8 MONTGOMERY BT.
Belling. Rent* Collected. .
Leasing. Insurance.
INCOME PROPERTT.
$110.000— Splendid main corner, 100x140 tt%
looking Into Kearay and Bush *t*«|
rents $7500 year.
$100,0<X>— Choice business property ea Ellis rt,
not far from Maaon; good Improvements I
lot 50x137:6; stores and lodgings.
$79,000 — Grant-ave. corner, close to Butters
splendid brick building.
$75,000 — Montgomery St.. close to Clajr; • per
cent.
$68,000—80 feet front on Polk st.. slot* t*
California; 6 per cent net; bustaeara
property.
$53,500 — A down town aaap; fine bulUllag; 13
foot basement; will rent (or $300
month,
$52,500 — Splendid new building; 58 rooms an*
20 baths; leased; cash seourttyt rente
$4570 year.
$42,000 — Post and Taylor st*,; 3 tmttage*T
40 feet front; $300,000 in Improvements
in course of erection oppo«it».
$23,500— Swellest W. A. corner; rented law
at $170 month.
$23,600—50 feet on Pest rt.. eloe* la; 915.000
mortgage can remain; pay* 7 per eeat
net.
$20,600 — Polk st.; 2 stores: lodging* abor»;
$152 60 month; mortgaged $10,000.
which can remain; snap,
$17,600— Splendid 30x137:8 building lot; rent*
$90 month; cloee to Elll» and. Leaven-
worth sts.
117,500—50 foot corner near Sixth *t.; fla«
Improvements; pays over $2000 year.
$13,230— New flats close to Golden Oate Park}
rent* $137 50 month.
$12.000— Fine buildings; lot 41x137:0; Pin* rrt.;
splendid location.
$11.600 — 3 fine flats on Devlsadcro it.; rents
$1CO month.
$11,600 — Swell building lot. eloee to Pine and
Mason sts.; magnificent view; cheap.
RESIDENCES.
1 18,000— Pine st.; lot 63:0x137:6; magnificent
residence: 11 rooms and bath.
$9,000 — SW. corner Sutter and Scott at*.; fine
10-room residence; ' lot alone worth
$7200; very cheap.
We have a large list of fine residence*. ■-. • r
LOTS.
$35,000 — 137:8 square; nnrarpassM martae
view.
$20,000— Splendid 30-foot corner In the whole-
sale section; can make secured leas*
with new building for $250 month.
$6,750—50x137:6 feet; Pacific Heights.
$4.500 — 50 feet on First ave. boulevard; eloa*
to I.ak- st.
$1,500 — Sixth ave., close to Park: 30 minute*
ifrom Market and Kearny sts.
SPECK & CO.. 20» Montgomery *t.
THOMAS MAGEE ft SOXS.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
6 MONTGOMERY IT.
ELEVENTH ST. CORNER.
120 FEET OF FRONTAGE.
PAYS 7 PER CENT; COULD BE MADS TO
PAY 8 PER CENT.
PRICE. $20.000.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
6 MONTGOMERY «T.
-■ $5500.
RENTS $45.
2 2-STORY HOUSES ON SOFT. I/JT. ~
CLOSE TO MARKET AND TWELFTH.
A GOOD BUT.
O'FARRELL ST.
• ' - CLOSE IN.
: $36,000.
Good frontage and extra large depth back to
rear street.
Over 4200 square feet on ground floor.
THOMAS MAGEE A- SONS,
6 Montgomery st.
W. J. GUNN. ~ "
630 CALIFORNIA, ST.
..... (Savings Union bldg.)
Two cheap lots, 27:6x110, on the sunny aid*
of Union: good frontage and depth; pretty
marine view; they must be sold; any offer
will be submitted: the price we ask Is $1700
each; within 150 feet lot* are held at $i000
on account of the marine view and choice lo-
cation: flat* bring big rents and there are none
vacant; this Is a splendid buy for Income.
Another fine buy — 2 choice lots, east aide UCi
ave., near Point Lobos ave.. 60x120? grajledi
street graded, macadamised and sewered; only
$1900 for both; certificate of California Title
Insurance Co. goe* with the lota.
W. J. OUNN.
J 830 CALTTORXIA FT.
ON1.T A — EW IJ3T.
$1 25 PER •— ECT.
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
$200 for choice lots. Excelsior Homestead
Tract; level a* a billiard table; oa grade;
close to fine school and Mlwlon-st. alectrt*
car*: bound to double In value.
$400 each, on Installments of $10 per month;
no taxes; fine lot*, near Ocean boulevard;
best residence location aouth of Golden Oat*
Park; these are the cheapest lots In _ I* dis-
trict: advancing In price rapidly.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery at., r. 8. Phone M_» 870a,
$10.500.~ INCLUDING bltumlnlzlng of streetj
terms to suit; 3 awell flats not yet com-
pleted; rents $1060 per annum; every knowa
possible latest Improvement: 16 minute* from
City Hall; Seventh- ave. boulevard, near Ful-
ton st.; cloee to the park; all.night car
service. Call from 1 to 4. Seventh are., ar.
Fulton st.
$2850— A THOROUGHLY modern 6-room oat.
tage; everything complete and on sunny tide
of street; reasonable terms; 4234 Twenty-
second St., nr. Douglass. Owner on premise*.
CHEAP— Cottage, 5 rooms. Aj>ply H30 1"U-
bert st -
STANDARD oertable shower bath* aold tor
Ahlbach A Mayer, plumbers. 836 Howard *U
REAL ESTATE — COXTW TBT — TOX Sal*.
$5000—80 ACHES of land, all under cuttJ—.-
tlon with Improvement*. In orchard section
of Sutter County; only three mUea from
county seat and on line of new Irrigation
ditch. '
A snap If taken soon, but win not keep. *
M. J. NEWKOM.
406 Second at., MarysvUle. CaL ;
ATTENTION. HOMESEEKERS!
S?nd postal for catalogue of the best land
bargains In California. C. M. WOOSTER CO..
'64S Market st.
Vi block. Red Bluff, unlncumbered. central lo-
cation, for sale or exchange. Box 2884. Call.
CONTRA Costa County Real estate for sale.
Send for list. D. J. WEST. Maxtlnea._CaL
A WEEK'S new* for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
BAH MATEO BEAL ESTATZ-
LOMITA PARK.
As an investment or for a home site, a 50-
foot lot in Lomita Park offer* exceptional ad-
vantages. Only 45 minutes from the city oa
the San Mateo electric line; outside the fog-
belt- well located and drained; artesian water;
streets graded: water and sewer pipe* laid.
Terms — A flrst payment of from $10 up and
1 balance at $lo per month. Easily within the
reach of all. First placed on the market Aug-
ust 1 and over half now sold. Must be seen
to be appreciated. Go down and investigate or
write to-day — to-morrow may be too late to
secure sl Choice.
• riELBY. RODGER3 t CO..
Main 673. - 116 California st.
£• Also at LOMITA PARK.
, PROPOSALS.
$20,000 MUNICIPAL watsr works bonds, town
of Wbeatland for aale. untaxable. bearing i
per cent interest; aerial 40 yean; bids . will
be received up to Monday. Dec. 5. 1904. cer-
tified check of 10 per cent to accompany bid.
For Information address R. N. MURPHY.
Town Cleric. Whestland. Cal.
For Additional Classified AdTerUso*
ments See rage !«*.,.
1314
FRUITVALE ADTTSMNTS
fsxtetvale s^a^ejjtate^^^
fCSO^-CUT from S7So"tu mak» quick sale:
choice lot. C0xl«3; In fruit; lia'f block off
Frultvale ave.; nice homes «11 around; worth
MOO; *•«*>■ term*. I3ELDKN. 1112 Broadway.
Oakland. '
OAKLAND APVERT'S'arTS
OFFICE. 1016 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND RTP*T-. ESTATE.
" BELDEN*S BARGAINS.
fTSO— 'Will buy a 4-room cottage in West
Oakland, near station. ,.'*.. „„ ,
$2100— Nice 6-room cottege and lot 83:4x
150 on Eleventh ave.. East Oakland.
$2250— Another bis ccttage bargain in East
Otkland; 0 rooms and hath on corner lot on
Twenty-third ave.. 50x110; easy terms.
tWWW-25-foct lot on Market st.: rot far out.
$600^Lot 23x125 on Twer.ty-nfth Bt.. near
Bar Pablo ave.
$1150— Extra choice building lot on Thirty-
fourth rt., sunny fide. U, blook east of Tele-
graph svf. 33:6x112. BELDEN. REAL ES-
TATE. 1112 Broadway. Oakland. ;
8250 CASH. $10 rncnthly; cottape. 4 larre
rooms, side alcove, fine level lot lOOslOO;
more lar.d can be had artj lining; Immense
trees, candy loam deep soil, ar.ay from fogs
nr.fi winds, two electric car J'.r.es r*ar by.
but a few minutes' walk ti S. F. steam local
■ Trairir. over 50 home se*k«rs located within
SO days; price all told flOOO; najoining East
Oakland: call or send for circular. t'ti
Seventh ft., opp. Broadway station. Oakland;
carriage free. H. Z. JONES, owner.
$7000— HANDSOME nevr S-room house; furn-
ace Lelifside district, near business center;
must sell. LATMANCE REAL ESTATE
CO.. 4«;0-4C2 Eichth ft.. Oakland^
A SNAP — Choice lot. 110x125. SW. cor. 21st
an4 Mvrtle ets.: will be sold as a whole or
in subdivisions; Fold lo settle an estate. 1453
Myrtle «.. Oakland.
OAEJ^AIt*> rUBMlTUUE FO3 SALE.
TO-MORROW the day fcr bartalTis in furni-
ture. H. Scheih.iaj. 11th Et..cor.store,Oakland
San Francisco AdYertisenrtvs
SOOZIS TOE K0USSEEPZ27O.
BRTANT. 421— Two sunny rooms nicely fur-
nished for housekeeping; gas.
EDDY. 743 — 2 furnished roomt; parlor floor;
regular kitchen; gas range; sunny; yard.
ELLIS. 7S6 — Large room: grate; 2 closets; run-
ning water- also double rar. fur. or unfur.
ESSEX. 11. between 1st and 3d. off Folsom —
3 unfurnished and 2 furnished housekeeping
rooms; 512 50 each.
FOURTH. 481 — Two furnished rooms for
housekeeping (gas stove); no children.
.FIFTH. 353 — S furniEhed housekeeping rooms;
also 2 housekeeping. J12.
FIFTH 353— 8 furnished houeek-eping. $15;
sJio 2. $10 50; one single hall. (5.
FELL. 222—2 housekeeping rocms; also single
room.
GEART. 122T> — Fine, furnished rooms ! In fine
location; sunny, with marine view; all con-
veniences: very reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE av*.. 357 — 2 newly furnished
sunny room;; gss range; hot and cold water.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. C31 — Nice rooms for
housekeeping; all conveniences.
HAIGHT, 232 — Beautiful unfurnished eunny
front room: separate kitchen; couple or gen-
tlemen. Tel. Fell 2372.
HAYES, 302 — Two light, nice rooms complete
for housekeeping, with private bath.
HOWARD. 719'£ — Housekeeping; 3 large sunny
rooms, suitable for 3 or 4 adults; respectable;
no transient.
HOWARD. 15SS — Housekeeping rooms with
pas range, bath and phone; alsa elngle room.
HOWARD. RZ> — Housekeeping rooms. \
JACKSON. J»C4 — Furniehfd sunny large front
housekeeping rooms. $7 to $9.
JEPKIE. 323 — 2 large sunny rooms; gas range;
grate, yard; Si week; others.
KENILWORTH, cor. Bush and Powell— Three
room «=unny apartments ; steam heat; cen.loc.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine—
Funny furnished 3-room suites; steam heated,
electric lighted; free bath?; rates reasonable.
LAGl'NA, 1507, cor. Geary — Nev.-ly furnished,
eunny room*; new flat; private family; reas.
MCALLISTER. 14 — Large, sunny, unfurnished
rooms, EUitable light hskpg. ; reas.; elevator.
McALLISTER. 1671 — Three sunny connecting
furrashci. rooms; all conveniences; bath;
adults.
OAK, 117 — Rooms, complete, housekeeping; $5
to $12; gas range; hot bath; adults.
OAK, 407 — 84 month; furnished, sunny, large;
call after 5 p. m.
OAK GROVE ave., 19, between 5th and 6th.
" off Harrison — 2 or 3 housekeeping rooms;
gas, bath: also large front room, suitable
for two. i
PEARL, 3, corner Market — 3 furnished houee-
keeplng rooms: $18; no children.
PINE. 1300. cor. Hyde— Furnished or unfur-
nished two or three rooms for housekeeping;
central: eunny corner; reasonable.
6HOTWELL. 224. rear Sixteenth— Four fur-
nished housekeeping rooms, parlor floor. ; /
TURK. 123 — Clean, sunny, furnished rooms,
with or without board; $5 up; housekeeping.
TURK. 816 — Lower floor of three rooms, fur-
nished for housekeeping; single room for
gentleman; private.
WALLER, 6S6 — 2 or 8 warm, Tipper, sunny.
fur, or unfur. rootna; bath; adults; cheap.
BOOKS TO LET — Purn. and Unfura.
'ATKINS, cor. Third Bt. and Park lane — New
brick building; all sunny rooms; hot and cold
water; electric lights; only flnst-claes bouse
in locality; rooms $1 50 week and up.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14§ Sixth st. — Room*
23c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per veek and
light . housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 673 Market st. (or No 1
Fifth et.)— Rooms. 25c. SOc, $1, $1 50 night;
11 50 to tlO week; house open all night.
JJELMOND House; over Owl drug store: 2 en-
trances. 1126 Market and 21 Turk— Electric
lights: running water In every room; 200
rooms; -25c to 6Oc per night; $1 25 to $3 week.
BRYANT. B18 — 4 unfurnished sunny clean
rooms; porch; yard; rent $9. \',f. v-
CLAY, 1424 — One or two newly furnished
rootns; tun all day; bath; private family.
EDDY, 773 — Nicely furnished front room for
. one or two; grate, bath; hot and cold water;
private family.
EDDY. 804 — Nice . single room; also house-
keeping rooms to let.
EDDY. 813 — Elegant unfurnished parlcrs;
other roorsa, en suite or single; modern con-
veniences; reasonable.
EIGHTH, 10%— Neatly furnished bay-window
front roots.
GOLDEN GATE are., E57 — Newlir furnished
gunny suites, also single. $2 to $4 week.
GOLDEN GATE. 627 — Nice, sunny room; run-
nice water and closet.
GRAND Southern '7th and Mission— Rooms 35c
to $1 25 night; $1 ftO to $6 irk.; reading-room.
HOWARD, 715 — Furnished rooms, elngle or
double; centrsJ location.
HYDE. B09 — Pleasant furnished rooms; central
location; reasonable.
LEAVENWORTH. 212— Large sunny parlor
euitsbic for 1 or 2 men: private.
MARKET. 1043 (The Fnlmouth)-^unny rooms*
12 &0 to >7 wtcic; baths; elsvator; also hkpg.
MARKET. 1104— Bunny furnished front rooms
to let.
MAEON. 1527— Private furnished rooms, with
or without beard; references.
METROPOLITAN Hotel. 120 Third st. — «00
Mnrle and fem'ly rooms S5c to $1 50 per <is7.
S2 to $8 per v.-eck; the only new and modern
hotel and rooming- house in Ean Francisco
that has offlce on cround floor, hot and co!<l
water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
in *v«ry room and gives free baths and ele-
vator service day ond ni?ht to its euests.
MISSION, 27C3 — Furnished room for rent.
PAGE. 20— N>st room; private family: $0.
PINE. I37C. near Lark'.n — Desirable, clean,
ku.-wiv n-un-; pri'jite; reasonable; central.
ROOMS TOR RENT.
The Pacific Coast Room Renting Agency has
opened office* at CM) Post ct. If you want a
rnorr.. suite of rocms or flat rail and »oe us.
We ccn furnish you furntah«?d or. unfurnished
rooms and save you tir.it>, ttcuble and mon*y
Tull dsciiptlt.-n. prices, tie. phone John cssi.
ROYAL HOUSE. 12 1 ! Elli*— Ircaniesweht I'^hti;
jeafiiriK-rooni. smoking -roc in nr.d ladle*' i ar-
!nr; rooms per n1;ht. ::r,c; to SI 50; wo*k $2
, to $S; month. $8 to $S0; clevatir en ground
floor: rooms with hot and <-c-M rvat'r: baths.
TEHAMA. 42C— * unfuraithed rooms with
large y&rd; J12 SO. -
BOOMS TO X.ET — Turn, and Unfurn.
THE ST. KATHRYN CORNER ELLIS AND
LEAVENWORTH STS.— POSITIVELY THE
SUNNIEST ROOMS IN THE CITY: NEW
SANITARY HAIR MATTRESSES BATHS,
ELECTRIC LIGHTS. TELEPHONE SERV-
ICE. HOT AND COLD WATER; EVERY
MODERN CONVENIENCE: ELEVATOR
ALL HOURS; ROOMS FROM $3 WEEK.
"THE LAUNSTON." 110 Eddy— Best transient
acd regular rooming-house city; SOc, $1.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy. nr. Market— 400
rooms 35c to (1 night. $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water in every
room; elevator, read. -room; free bus; baggage.
VAN NESS ave., 1008— Good rooms to let; en-
tire house newly renovated.
WALLER. 1747— Bright, cheerful rooms, . pri-
vate family; ono block from Halght-st. en-
trance to Park.
WEBSTER. 1838— Fnralshed room for young
man; private family.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. nr. Market—
Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms;
35c to $1 50 nightly; $2 to $S week; elevator;
elec. lights: reading-room; free bus; baggage.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tlon of advertisements and subscriptions has
b«n opened at 1008 Market st. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
BOOMS Aira^BOAm
HOTEL L'AIGLON. 501 Geary St.— Largs
sunny rooms, board; suites, with board for 2
ftO mo.: single, with board. $25 up; special
family rates; Just renovated.
O'FARRELL. C21 (The Comora)— Well located;
l.-irge grounds: best table and service; bil-
liard-room.
CALIFORNIA. 807 — Best rooms, table and ser-
vice in the city for the least money.
ELLIS, 453 — Fine furnished rooms In good lo-
cation: fine French table board; reasonable.
LARGE, beautiful, sunny double rooms, with
board; reas.; rtin. water. 30C Leavenworth.
NEWLY furnished rocms, all sunny; hot and
cold water; board if desired. 1155 Octavla.
TURK. 11J.9 — Pleasant rooms, new flat; table
boaxd for gentlemen. ■•' -■
SEWniG MACHINES AJTD SUPPLIES.
IF you buy a White for a Christmas rift you
. make no mistake; you not only get the best
. eewing machine on earth, but also a beauti-
ful and useful Christmas present. White
Co.'s efflce, 915 Market at.
ALL makes; 2d hand. $2, $5. $7. $9; new,$4. $3;
drop heads. 5 drawer, golden oak, $15; rented,
repaired- lowest rates. National Automatic
8. M. Co.. 145 Sixth St.; tel. Jessie 3780.
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use- best
is cheapest; second-hand all makes a" any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office. 1021 Market st., near Slith.
ALL kinds second-hand $3, $5, $8; slightly
used $10, 915. $20; you know where the dolls
swing in the window. '1051 Market st.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. CHAS. FLAMBECK, 1915 Mission Et.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard St.. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 3 Eddy St.;
phone Mint 2S41; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prl. Ex. 671.
PACIFIC Ptorage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore St.; phone Jackson 2S1.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. II Montgomery
st.; tel. Alain 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
■ ■ i
STOP DBIKKIJTO.
GUARANTEED cure; send 50c! tablet form. |
mailed in plain package; has cured thou-- j
sands. L. L. C. CO., 417 Hayward bldg.. S.F.
STABLES TO LET.
LARGE barn and stable to let. including three
lots; Alabama and 2Cth. Inquire 2709 Folsom.
PATZSZTTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. C Hobart bldg.. 532 Market et.
TCTEWBITERS A1TP SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington,. No. 1
Smith Premier, $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange, 536 California st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co., 508 Market.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
THE Claremont Oil Company's regular month-
ly dividend. No. 7. payable January 1. i:K)5.
amounting to $4500. equal to lc per share on
its issued capital stock, will be paid on De-
cember 22, 1904, at company's office, room
731, Mills building, San Francisco. (This I*
not an extra dividend.) Transfer books close
Saturday December 17, 1904, at 1 p. in.
GEO. J. REMINGTON. Secretary.
ALL persons holding tickets or coupons of the
"'Property Investment Company" are re-
quested to redeem them at the office of the
company. All tickets and coupons are can-
celed and void as the said company is closing
its business.
STUTTERING AND STAMIXEBXNO.
EXPANilO>r~OF MELBOURNE~ScllOoi3^
Downtown, 521 Franklin, near McAllister, 8
to 12. Open-air school. 810 Diamond St.; tel.
Capp 6173; 1 to 5 p. m. Details at elthsr.
MARRIAGE MCEXSES.
Marriage licenses were issued yesterday as
follows :
Charles F. Hathaway. 21, Santa Cruz, and
Adele C. Greppln, 18, 1295 Turk street.
Samuel A. Neale, 32,^Bausallto, and Hattie
Harris, 29. Stockton.
Gust£.f * A. Dahlmeier. 24, Santa Rosa, and
Grace G. Edeer, 18, Santa Rosa,
Herman O. Anderson. 29, 1025 Hampshire
street, and Blenda Svanson, 29. 1025 Hamp-
shire street.
• Donald "F. Twaddle. 31, San Mateo, and
Elsie Ruskay, 25. city. 'y > : '
Giovanni Carofolo, 42, city, and Annlna
Battllort, 38, city.
Jacob F. Kern. 42. 345 Jessie streef, and '
Mary F. Mahon^y. 28, 633 Stevenson street.
Theodor Krusrer. 2S, Fairfleld. and Anna
■Wohleke. 21. Fairfleld.
1 Lev! K. Evans Jr.; 21, Petaluma, and Jen- I
nle Benjamin. 21, Petaluma.
William White, 22, 114 Shotwell street, and
Katie Madlran, 18. 447 First street.
Gin Fong, 33. Lompoe, and Wong Lon Ylng,
19. 920 Sacramento street.
"BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices aent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have - the same published.
Notices restricted Eimply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charge.
BORN.
HARRIS— In this city. December 13. 190*. to
the wife cf E!e. H. Harris, a eon.
MARDEN— In Ocean View, December 13, 1804,
to the wife cf Ed. L. Marden, a son.
3IARRIED.
GOULD— KRALL— In this city, December 12.
1!W>4, by the Rev. George W. White, pastor
of Central M. E. Church, Emmet F. Gould
of Oakland ar.fi Lovina Krall of Portland,
Oregon.
PASCHINI— ENGLEHART— In this city, De-
cember C, 1904, by the Rev. Frederick A.
Doane. Leo Paschlni and Julie Englehart. .
DIED.
Atmussen, Wns. P. — 34 Landwehrkamp, Pau-
Ankle, Simon. . line— SO.
Bannon. Philip— 36. Murray, Catherine — 81.
Barstow, Laura J. — 62. Parsons, -Walter 59.
Brathland, John — 40. Patterson, • Marga-
Connolly, Michael— 8t. ret— 45.
Costello, J. D. — 32. >Pel*er, Esther— 70.
Garcia, Keyes — 19. Sehluter. Adelaide — 35.
Gcrdaii, Michael — 01. Sidlowskl, Beatrice-— 2.
Hawkes, Jennie M. — *4 Spinks, Jennie.
Hudson. Phineas — 68.- Stillman.v Frances— 37. I
Hurley. Pennis B. — 17. Taylor. Jennie. '
Kean, Michael O. — C3. Thorson, ' Inga H. — 17.
King, Rev.Mlchael — 75 Wickham, Mary F. 20 i
Wngner. Ludwig — 63.\
ANKLE— In this city. December ,'13, 1004,
Simon Ankle, a native of Prussia.
. CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
v (Thursday), at 10 ■ a. m., from the family
residence, 1125 Golden Gate avenue. Inter-
nment Salem Cemetery, by 11 :30 a. m.~ train
from TMrd and Townsend streets.-
ASMUSSEN— In this city. December 14. 1004.
William P., b'--loved husband of ' Katherine
J. Asinussen, and beloved son of W. A.' and
Susan . Asmusscn, and brother of Kitty and
George ' Asmussen. Mrs. H. M.'-' Freck, John
Kline ' aod t>*e late Gustave and Charles L.
Aemurssn, a native of r San r Francisco,' aged
'31 year* '7. months and 15 days. •
CTFriends and. acquaintances; are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at U:3U a. m., from his late resi-
-v . ■ ■ ■ :
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1904.
,T0 ADVERTISERS.
: Owing to the : large
amount of work incident to
the issue of THE CALL
HOLIDAY EDITION,
SUNDAY, DEC. 18, NO
DISPLAY ADVERTIS-
ING copy will be accepted
for that edition after 6
P. M. Saturday, and NO
CLASSIFIED Ads after 9
P. M.
GET YOUR COPY IN
EARLY.
dence. 401 Elrhth street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem
high inass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commenclnir at 10 a. m. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
Headquarters Rhelnhold Rtchter Camp
No. 2. Department of California, U. S. w.
V. — Comrades are hereby notified to assem-
ble at 401 Eighth etreet at 0 a. m. Friday
to attend the funeral of our late comrade,
William P. AsmuEsen. By order •
OTTO K. HUBER. Commander.
RICHARD COLLOPY, Adjutant P. I.
BANNON— In this city. : December 12. 1004.
Philip, dearly beloved son of Margaret and
the late Philip Bannon, and loving brother
of William, John, Patrick and Malachi Ban-
non. Mrs. Auld and Mrs. Clark, a native of
San Francisco, aged 38 years.
(E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:15 a- m., from the parlors of
Monahan, O'Hara & Co., 2339-41 Mission
Btreet, near Nineteenth, thence ■ to St.
Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
6oul, commencing at 9 a. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
BARSTOW— In this city, December 13, 1904,
Laura J., widow of the late S. F. Barstow.
and mother of Anna Park Barstow, a native
of Maine, aged 62 years.
CyFuneral services Thursday, at 12:15 p.
m., from the residence of Hannibal Williams,
2723 Sacramento street. Interment private.
BRASHLAND— In thia cly. December 14,
1904^ John Brashland, aged 40 years.
(TCTFrlendB and acquaintances are. respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Friday, December 16. at 9:30 a. m.. at
Charles J. B. MetzWs undertaking parlors,
A3G Washington street, thence to National
Cemetery, Presidio, for interment.
GARCIA— In this city. December 13. 1904.
Reyes jQarcia. beloved husband of Annie Gar-
cia, <ind brother of Albert Garcia, a native
of California, aged 49 years: '
ICFriends and acquaintances are respect?
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock a. m., from th«
parlors of Valente, Marlnl & Co., 1524 Stock-
ton street Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CONNOLLY— In this city, December 14, 1904.
Michael T. Connolly, a native of Ireland,
aired 84 years.
COSTELLO— In this city. December 14, 1904,
John D. Costello. beloved son of Mary Diaz,
and brother of Mrs. Charles H. Roulofson. a
native of San Francisco, aged 32 years '7
months and 10 days.
CNotice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors cf A. W. Martin & Co., 319
O'Farrell street.
GORDAN— In this city, December 13, 1904,
Michael, husband of the late Mary Gordan,
father of Sarah. Michael. Patrick and Wil-
liam Gordan, Mrs. Belinda Mullane, Mrs.
Mary Jordan, Mrs. Katie Ivancovlch an3
Mrs. Annie Iadelovich, and grandfather of
William and Parmer Gordan, a native of
County Sllgo, Ireland, aged 91 years and
10 months.
C^Frlendfi and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from his late
residence. 1*511 Leavenworth street, thence
to St. Brigld's Church, where a requiem high
mass will b« celebrated for the repose of
his soul, at 9 :30 a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery,
HAWKES — In this city December 13. 1901,
Jennie M.. beloved wife' of John Hawkes,
and mother of JoSm G. Hawkes, and sister
of Mrs. Ida Penry of Sacramento, a native of
Amador, Cal., aged 44 years 6 months and
17 days. (Amador and Napa papers please
copy.) '
IC7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Thursday). December 15, at 1:30
p. m.. at the chapel of Odd Fellows' Ceme-
tery. Remains at the parlors of the Western
Addition Funeral Directors, 1724 Devisadero
etreet, between Sutter and Bush.
HURLEY— In this city, December 12, 1904,
Dennis B. Hurley, aged 47 years. A mem-
, ber of the Pacific Coast Walters* Association.
and" Court Del Monte No. 47, F. of A. (St.
Louis papers please copy.)
fCTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock p. m., from the
funoral parlors cf Porter & White, 423 Gold-
en Gate avenue, under the auspices of the
local Board of Relief of the Foresters of
America; thence to St. Mary's Church, corner
of California and DuDont streets, for ser-
vices at 3 p. m. Interment Holy Cross Cem-
- etery, via electric funeral car from Eight-
eenth and Guerrero Btreets.
HUDSON— In this cltv. December 15, 1904,
Phlneas. dearly beloved husband of A. _L.
Hudson, and brother of Henry and Matthew
H. Hudson, a native of New York, aged 08
years 1 month and 15 days.
C7"Friends are Invited to attend the
funeral service* Friday. December 16, at *£
p. m., at the chase! of N.»Gray & Co., 353
Sutter street.
KEAN — In Saunalito, Cal., December 13, 1904,
Michael C. beloved husband of Elizabeth
T., and brother of Thomas, James and Pat-
rick Kean. a native of County Clare, Ire-
land, aged G3 years.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to' attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday) upon the arrival of the 11 a. m.
boat from San Francisco, thence to St.
Mary's Church, where mass will be said for
the repose of his sof. Interment Fernwood
Cemetery, Sausalito.
KINGr-In Oakland, Ca'... December 12, 1904,
Rev.- Michael King, aged 75 years.
(CFrienda and acquaintances -are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Friday, December' 16. at 10 o'clock a: m.,
at the Church of the Immaculate Conception,
Seventh* and Jefferson streets, where a sol-
emn pontifical requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul. Inter-
ment St. Mary's Cemetery.
LANDWEHRKAMP— In tMs city, December
13. liK'4, Pauline, dearly beloved wife of
Harry Landwehrkamp, and mother of Engel
Marie Landwehrkamp. and daughter of
Henry Stelnker, and sister of Hattie Steln-
ker, a native of Kansas, aged 30 years- 5
months and ?5 days.
MURRAY— In this city, December 14, 1904.
jCatherine, wife of the late John Murray,
and mother of Thomas H. Murray, Mrs. C.
C. Duhain and the late Mrs. James Keegan,
a native of— County Roscommon, Ireland,
aged 81 years 5 months and 18 days.
(Marysvllle. Cal.. and Newark, N. J.,[ papers
please copy.) ',
(tyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), December 10, at 8:15 a, m., from
her late- residence, 51 Portola street, thence
to Sacred Heart Church, corner Flllmore and
Fell streets, where a requiem mass will be
r celebrated for the reDose of her soul com-
mencing at 9 a. m. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery, Oakland.
PATTERSON— In this city. December 1J> 1904,
Margaret, wife of Charles PattersoiK and
mother of John Francis and Charles Aloysius
, Patterson, a native of Ireland, aged 45 years.
ITT'The funeral will take place to-day
(Thursday), at 10:30 a. m., from the*parlor«
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PARSONS— In this city. December 13, 1904
Walter, beloved husband of Edith Parson«'
and father ot George and Wllbert Parsons
■ Mrs. Frank Bussey and Mra. Flora Storrs a
native of England, aged 69, years.
(ETFrlende and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking Com-
pany, 20 Fifth etreet. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery. .-.-■■•« •
PEISER— In this city December 14, 1904,
Esther, widow of the. late Joseph Peiser, .and
belo*ved mother of Uemuel, Alex, Sol, Mannie
and Kate Peteer, a native of Block, Poland,
aged 70 years 3 months and 24 days, j
(E7*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday,
December 16. at 10 a. m... from the resi-
dence of her son, Alex . Peiser, 2245 Sutter
- street. Please omit flowers. Interment Hills
of Eternity Cemetery, via the 11 :30 a. m.
train from Third and Townsend streets
depot.
BCHLUTER— In this city, December. 13 1904
Adelaide, beloved wife of William Schluter'
mother of Willie and' Edward Schluter'
daughter of Cord H. and Sarah Holsten. and
t ister of Mrs. Laura Broderlck and Edward
Veronica, Henry and Albert Holsten,* a native
of London. England, aged 35 years S months
and 3 days. . -" .
(CTFriends and acquaintance!, are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday). December. 15, at 1 p. m., from
her late residence. , 12 llattle street, corner
Merritt. off Eighteenth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
SIDLOWSKI— In this city. December 14. 1004
Beatrice, boloved .daughter of Aaron . and
Befky. Eldlowski,'. and granddaughter, of
■ Morris and Minnie Green, and 'sister of San-
■ ford Sidlowskl,. a native of San Francisco
aged 2 years 2 months and. '17.dayB.v--.-y
SPINKS— In ; this city, December , 13, 1904
Jennie, . beloved wife of Nelson Splnks, and
P.- J. Mcnahan, Manager. - Tel.> Mission Cl
MONAHAN. 0^HARA& Op!
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND'EMBALMERS
2^30-2341 MlRfclon st. .-near Nineteenth,
,: L -.. y ■ fcs-n ' Francisco. .- ■ ,
mother of Charles Harold. Roy and th«
late Violet ; Sdnka and daughter of i Cath-
erine Murray. " '
E7Remains at the : funeral parlora of
Joseph Hagan, 1707 Sacramento street, near
Polk. - .: —
STILLMAN— In thia city December 14. 1904,
Frances A., beloved wife of -William A.
Stillman, a native of Connecticut, ■ aged 67
years. • VI
CC^Frlends and acquaintances ar* respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Thursday, December 15 a,t 2:30 p. m.. at
the carlors of the California . Undertaking
Company, 405 Powell street. Interment
private. * y „
TATLOR— In East Oakland. December 14,
1004. Jftinie, daughter of the late. John and
Wealthy Taylor, and beloved sister of Mrs.
Dr. a. M. Gardner. William L. Taylor and
Mrs. Frederick F. Lloyd, a native of Call-
• fornta. • •
ETFriends arc respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral gervices Friday afternoon,
December 16. at 1:30 o'clock, at her late
home, 477 East Eleventh street. East Oak-
land. Interment private.
THORSON— In this city. December 13, 1004,
Inga Henrietta Thorson, beloved wife of
Thorwald Thorson daughter of Gustave and
Carllna Johnson, and Bister of Andrew. John-
son, a native of Illinois, aged 17 years 2
months and 19 days.
ttyFrieiids and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from her
late residence, 1516 Fifteenth avenue. South
San Francisco. ' Interment Mount Olivet Cem-
• etery, by carriage. v ■"'.':*■:
WAGNER— In this city. December 13, UOO-1,
Ludwig. beloved husband of the late Julia
Wagner, and devoted stepfather of Mrs.
Mary Bruhn and Albert P. E.. Medau. and
brother of Bernard and the late Frank Wag-
ner, a native of Hanover, Germany, aged 63
years and 7 months. (Council Bluffs papers
p'ease copy.) ,
JET" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited- to attend the funeral to-morrow
(frrlday), December 16, at 2 p. m.,' from the
parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth. Cre-
mation Odd Fellows' Cemetery. .
WICKHAM— In this city, December 14. 1004,
at her residence, 3284 Folsom street, Mary
F. beloved wife of William L. Wickham.
and daughter of the late Samuel and Carrie
M er of Illinois, and sister of Maggie
Miller, a native of Illinois, ared 20 years.
St. Dominic's Church Building Associa-
tion — The monthly requiem high mass for
the deceased members of St. Dominic's
Church Building Association and for parents
and relatives of living members will be sung
' in St. Dominic's Church Thursday, at 9 a. m.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
ContJnued^Froni Page Fifteen.
200 Mont Ton.. 1 V 67& 1C0O Ton Midway.. 85
900 Mont Ton ...1 70 1000 Ton N Star... 22
6600 Nev Goldfleld. 10 1CO0 Ton N Star... 23
2000 N Y Ton Con 11 1000 Vernal- Mln .. 11
Afternoon Session.
1050 Bullfrog Min. 5812000 N Y .Ton Con. • 11
2000 Bullfrog Min. 59 200 Ton Belmont.. 72
3000 Esperanza ... 01 1 9000 Ton Gold Mt.. IS
400 Free Gold M. 151 400 Ton Midway.. 35
JOO Goldfleld Mln. 7811COO Ton N Star... 24
100 Goldfleld Min. 79! 100 Ton N Star. . . 23
600 Jumbo 6012000 Vernal Mln .. 12
940 Mont Ton ...1 70
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
BId.Ask.1 BId.Ask.
-Adams 09 10|Mont Ton ..1 70 1 72^
Austin G M. 30 — (Nev Goldfleld. 10 —
Black Butte.. 18 21|N Y Ton Con. 10 11
Blue Bull M. 22 — Paymaster .... 08 05
Bullfrog Min. 59 - — pine Grove .. 10 . —
Columbia 20 —Ray Exten .. — 10
Dixie Mln ... — 20, Ray & O'Brien 04 07
Esperanza 01 —Red Top .15 17
Free Gold M. — 13|Rescue O« 07
Goldfleld B Bl — 08!Rothwell G M. 10 6O
Goldfleld Min. 78 — iSandstorm ... SO BO
Goldfield a Pk .— 18|Ton Belmont.. 71 73
Goldflpld Ton. — 07 Ton Cash Boy. — 10
Gold Mt Con. — 01 Ton Rxten ..2 CO —
Jim Butler ..50 — Ton & Gt W. — 02
•Jumbo 60 61 Ton Gold Mt. — 15
rV m . bo J? x •" ~ "'Ton Mldwart. S4 35
Little Ton ., — 45!Ton of Nev. .9 50 9 73
Lucky BIdwn -*- lOJTon N Star... 23 il
Lucky Tom.. — C5ITon Superior.. 02 —
MacNamara . 23 25 Ton Union. .. — 01
Mlzpah Ex .. 05 — |Vernal Mln ..12 13
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
! WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 14.
. Edward B. and Dorothy V. Hindes to Jam**
I W, Goodwin, lot on NW'corner of Filbert and
j Larkln streets. W 100 by N 40- $10
j Pearlle R. Glissman to Elizabeth K. M.
I G'lwman lot on E line of Stelner street, 48
s o f ,,} v aller. S 24 by E 81:3- gift
i McCor^inV- w 31 " 8 < M , cC °'™Ick> to Martha
iMcCo.mick lot on N line of Fulton street,
' i£ °,, Ple J!; C9 ' N 108:6 b y W 46; $10.
; J ° h " SWJ5 Goetze to Edward II Goetze lot
30 by N O^yi0 EUIS and Bfldema n «««.. E
I Cftrto Ltdne 0 !^^ ews^if^,^
fftpposite beginning, S 122; $10.
I (M% C a h n a n?. JKSV? BUrkhardt
: Pe!n Ph ln a t £ v?v Davld Moore to George H.
i S5SS- s I t O r t ee O t n ,^G0 CO b r y n V5C^ I1^0 nIa SS
' lot CI n^ e v' e i M- M , an , n . to Ha »'e G. Mann (wife)
! S? w n aInV"w %%T jra^W 8759 "
Rudolph J., Hugo A. and-fiertha H. Taussiir
To%\ Biffigg SS&SrfgSsa 5 109:S -
Un &^ C n lm xJ°u ement Com Pany' to John Stier.
caVi °oS z w e iot c $ la (r on street - 225 s °'
I Oo7lVn« a ? d , Cou " t3 :, of San Francisco to Michael
' S oU i n £: , lot on s Iine ot Fourteenth street 175
E of Folsom, E 75 by S ICO- $ BirE ". *'»
».n P e oY FiTCks^eet 6 fe^f
si isss^f^ and aI1 [nS in
w^ni nV rat l t to John MeCormlck. lot on
teen'lnf N^f^^l^Vio 11616 ? °' S ™'
of Eighteenth. S 0:5. W 12, W U iCVni frac^
0 £Slt * n J nc K E 125 to beginning;" $10
i S and mJp'm £" Ce °- CalT0U and iohn
of T I / ?„ ?■ to I-*"™ X'omyns (wife
' o V i"'- lot on "iln« of Dolores street 86-r.
S £ f Twenty-elshtW S 20 by E loo- $16
v.Mr 1 ' 11 " 0 Laura Comyns, same; 'gift.
»n M m ,?• £ nd AIIce G - Ca "oll and Johns
and Mae G. McGee to Cornelius and Elizabeth
Lynch, lot on E line of Dolores street tio« S
,.pf Twenty-eighth. -S 20 by E 100| ?10
Catherine Hughes to Mary T. Dell Julia M
Wall and Catherine Sullivan, lot on N line of
™ Sft Btreet> " 2§ ° W ° f ■C nurc ". 25 by N
N. A. and Henrietta yfcesliner to Rachel
Keerman, lot on N line cf Pacific street, S9-8
E of Kearny, E 47:10 by N 137:6; $10
Murray K and Sonla M. Vandal 1 to Virginia
Carramelli lot on E line of Brooklyn plao.
$10 Sacramento, street. S 20 by E 57:«;
Calvin E. and Janet Knickerbocker and John
G. and Margaret Barker to F. F. Bcstwick
»n d '« dOd i hlrd of lot on W cornw of Natoma
and becond streets. NW 46 by SW 75; $10
Edward H Perry to Kate C. Perry (wife),
lot on hi. line of Natoma street, 275 SW of
| Seventh. SW 25 by SE 75; gift. a
i v. te , C- Perr y to Edward II. Perry (hus
c?S d) ; 2 Ot cn NW llne of Howard. street.' 275
SW of Seventh. SW 76 by NW 90; gift
Edward H. Perry to Kate C. Perry (wife),
undivided half of lot on NW line of Howard
etreet. 2i5 SW of Seventh, SW 25 by NW 90;
■ Kate C. Perry to -Edward H. Perry (hus
band.), undivided half of lot. on SE line of Na
toma street. 275 SW of Seventh, SW 25 by SE
Catherine Hughes to Mary T.*Bell, Julia M.
Wall and Catherine Sullivan, let on SE line of
Stevenson street, 250 NE of Ninth. NE 25 by
SE 75; gift. . ■
■ California Title Insurance and Trust Com
pany to Mathlldc B. Dur»t (wife of Robert H.)
lot on W line of Kansas street, 125 'S of
Twenty-third. S 25 by W 100; $10.
Robert H. Durst to Mathllde B. Durst, same;
Estate of Carrie D. Simons (by George Hew
lett, executor) to Peter A. Kearney, undivided
fourtJi of lot on W line of Texas street, 35 S of
Nevada, S 25 by'W ICO; also property out of
county: $1113.
Charles K. and Florence D. Harley to Her
bert F. Mann, lot on W line of Twenty-fifth
avenue, 23S N of Lake street, N 104 by W 120;
?10. . ,
Herman and Jenny Fridahl and Charles and
Annie fc'andahl to Sadie. D. Rhodes (wife -of
Luther G.). lot on E Hneof Twelfth avenue,
250 N of California street. N 25 by E 120: $10.
K Emma Moore to Charles H. ■ Tolnton, lot on
E line of Eleventh nx-enue, 125 N of Clem«nt
street. N 25 by E 120: $1.
Same to Ada L. and Morgan H. Lloyd, lot
on E line of Eleventh avenue, 75 N of Clement
street, N 25 by B 120; $1. .
Curri'r & Mitchell Co. to George A. . Otto,
lot on E line of Twenty-fifth avenue, 125 N
of Point Lobos avenue. N 25 by E 120; $10.
Malvena and Albert Gallatinto George M.
Mitchell,', lot . on SE corner of Forty-fourth
avenue : and A street, S 314 :2, ■ SW 85 :4, NE
330. W 164:0; $10.
Augusta D. and William : O. Stuttmeister to
Robert Boyd, lot on S line of B street, 57:6 B
of Tenth avenue, E- 25 by S "100; $10.
' George F. ; and Augusta W. Smith to Fred
H. . Kugeler, lot on W line of Twenty-flrst
avenue. 250 N of I street. N " 50 by W 120;
$10. , . : .
- . Clara Cooney . (Chabot) to Joseph T. : Cooney,
lot.on W line: of Seventeenth avenue, 162:6. N
of I street. N37-C by,W 120: $10. y.
Oscar C. . and Agnes E. Chappelmann to
James W. ' and : Thomas W. - Sinimle.' lot on B
line of ■ Second -avenue,'- 85 S of Hugo street, S
25 by ;E 95;$10.' ' .
Jacob ■ Heyman ; Company i to H. ■ V. J. Swain,
lot on E line of Forty-eighth avenue," 1C0 Sof
P street.' S:75: by- E120; $10. - . y
. J. W.y- Wright & .' Sons Investment- Company
to : John T. ■: Hodgps. lot on t E ; line of - Twenty
ninth avenue,'- 225 N of ; S ■ street, ; : S 50 by - E
120;;. $10. ; . , .
Murray F.. and - Sonia M. Vandall to M..C
CASHIER LOCKED
IN BANK VAULT
Burglars Make a -$22,000
Haul From a Financial
Institution in Minnesota
BLOODHOUNDS ON TRAIL
Fugitives Take Refuge in I
the Wilds of No Man's
Land Near St. Cloud
Special Dispatch to The Call,
ST. CLOUD, Minn., Dec. 14.—Profes
sional burglars made a raid on the
bank of Rice, near this place, and ob
tained $22,000 in money, valuables and
negotiable paper. The drilling and
blowing up' of the safe were accom
plished without interruption Just be
fore dawn to-day, but the heavy door,
in falling, crushed the flooring in the
vault room and attracted the attention
of the cashier, William Fosmett, who
lives next door to the bank.
Fosmett hurried into the disordered
room and was met by the burglars,
who held him up at the muzzles of
their revolvers and made him enter
the large vault where the records of
the institution were kept. ' Then they
shut the door and departed. They
stole a team and drove In the direc
tion of St. Cloud. The team was found
about five miles from this city this
morning and traces left by the men
were plainly to be seen leading off
toward No Man's Land, in the river
bottoms. A pack of bloodhounds from
the State penitentiary was obtained
and the chase followed across the bush
country. *
To-night three suspicious characters
were arrested here, but Fosmett was
unable to identify any of them.
CLOSE OF SUCCESSFUL
SEAMEN'S CONVENTION
Decide on Cleveland as Place to Hold
Next Session — Officers and Dele-
Kates Are Elected.
The seamen's convention came to
an end yesterday afternoon, closing a
very successful session of the organi
zation. It was decided to hold the
next convention at Cleveland, Ohio,
December 10, 1905.
' Recommendations of committees on
organization were adopted. It was de
cided to v retain two organizers in New
Orleans and one on the Pacific Coast
Jo work among the fishermen. Ef
forts will be made to organize seamen
in Canadian ports on the Great Lakes.
The following were elected to of
fice: President, William Penje, Chi
cago; first vice president. C. J. Har
rington. San Francisco; second vice
president, Victor A. Olander, Chicago;
third vice president, Daniel Sullivan,
Brooklyn; fourth vice president, David
English, Oregon; secretary-treasurer,
A. Furuseth; delegates to the next
convention of the American Federa
tion of Labor — A. Furuseth. "William
Penje. C. J. Harrington"and Walter
Macarthur. The following were elect
ed to the legislative committee — A.
Furuseth, William H. Frazier and
Walter Macarthur. v;
A vote of thanks was- extended to
the retiring secretary-treasurer. A
vote of thanks was also given to the
Joint committee on entertainment and
the press of this city. The convention
adjourned sine die.
PADEREWSKI ANNOUNCE^
CONCERT PROGRAMMES
Rare Treat Is Promised Lovers of
Music by the Famous Wizard
of the Piano.
Announcement is now made of the
programme for the three concerts to
be given by Paderewski In this city.
The great pianist has always had the
reputation of being a master not only
of the piano,' but also at"programme
making, and the numbers he offers
fully bear out his reputation. The sale
of seats began at Sherman & Clay's
Monday evening and the demand has
been great. The programmes for the
three recitals are as follows: ■
Saturday afternoon. December 17 — Fantasia,
op. 17 (Schumann): toccata (Schumann); So
nata. C sharp minor (Beethoven): variations on
a theme by Paganlnl (Brahms); ballade, O
minor, prelude No. 17. etude* No. 12, 7 and 5.
6cherzo, C sharp minor (Chopin); nocturne
(Paderewrki): polonaise. E niajor (Liszt).
Monday evening, December 19 — Prelude and
fugue (Bach-Llazt); sonata, D minor, op. 31
(Beothoven); Impromptu, op. 112 (Schubert);
serenade. ., "Erl King" -(Schubprt-Llszt); noc
turr.e. op. 37. G major, etude No. 9, op. 25.
mazurka, B flat minor, valse, r>olonai.«<\ A
flat ' (Chopin): melodle, op.- IB (Paderewski):
rhapeodle (Liszt).
Wednesday evefllnsr, December 21— .Sonata.
op. 53 (Beethoven); "Three Songs Without
Words" (Mendelssohn); etudes nymphoniques
(Schumann); nocturne. B major, op. 62.
etudes Nos. 6, 7 and 8, op. 25. mazurka B
minor, op. r>n. v.ilse. on. - 3-J (Chopin); "Bar
carolle" (Rubinstein); cracovienne. op. «14
(Paderewski); rhapsodie ((Liszt).
u. : .
rmfTey. lot on E line of Forty-second avenue
£° 5 Of 1 ***" 8 50 *»y,E I2»r also *l5 on
W line of Forty-first avenue, 150 S of W
street, S 25 by W 120; $10. ,
. Josephine Held to Cecelia Sa«g lot on S
llne of Bessie avenue. 275 W of Folsom «treet
W 25 by 8 75. lot 35. Ducas Tract ; $1
Jacob 'Heyman Company to Robert C Rothl
lets 276 and 277. Heyman Tract: $10
Estate of Fannie P. Farnsworth (by Lotta
P. Farnsworth. executrix) to Claud A. McGee
lot 8 and 8 10 feet of lot 7. block G. Sunset
Heicnts; ?<4™.
Lotta P. Farnsworth to same, same- $743
_ Patrick Flaherty to Patrick Jr., Michael and
George . Flaherty and Margaret F. Gardiner
lot on N lln« of Hill street, 175 E of Capital
K 25 by N 125. Jot «. block Y. Railroad Home
stead Association; rift.
Same to same.' lot on S line 'of, Twelfth
ave-nue. 75 E of M street, . E 25 by S 10O
block 248, South San Francisco Homestead;
Cift. :1^M<Q(i(flEi)4wHSBAftMi
Homer S. and Mlttie B. King to McCarthy
Company, Jets 2 to 0, block 33, Lakevlew;
?57.1.
McCarthy Company to Charles Brutsch.
same; 510.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Associntion to Mary
E, Merrill, lot In cemetery; $200.
: Builders' Contracts.
Louis and Mary O. Bartlett (owners) with
J. B. Moran (contractor), architects William
Mooser and Edward G. Bolles-— All work for a
three-story frame building on S corner of Cen
ter place and Park Lane, North. SW "fi-6 hv
SE 40; $3,100. ' *
. Charles and Elizabeth Werner (owners) with
tC. Monson (contractor),- architect David C
Coloman — All work for a two-story frame
building (two flats) on N line of CaselH ave
nue. 175 E cf Clover alley. E 25 by N 121 por
tion,block 1'. Market-street) Homestead Aas6
clation; $.1C0O.
L. Auerbach (owner) w«th Ravanl & Curran
(contractors), architects Salfleld & Kohlberg
Gasflttiog and plumbing for a four-story
frams building on NE corner of Droadway anl
Kearny street, E 37:0 by N 57:- $1125
AV.' R. Lovegrove (owner) with James Camp
bell, (contractor), architect Charles J. Colley—
All; work except. plumbing, painting and elec
trical^ work for a three-story frame bulldina
(six flats) on NE corner, cf Waller and Col«
streets, • E • 05 by N 50; $00S0. ■ . -
: . Same owner with G. C. Sweeney (contractor)
same architect — Plumbing." gas and water pipl
lntj. :, tiling , ovtr ; sinks.'i sewering ■ and all ■ ssr
vlcesfor same on same; $1395. •••.-•
.Vinc+nt , P. . Buckley (owner) with C. C. XV
Haun (contractor). : architect David C. Cole
man — Concrete foundations and. retaining walls
and cement floors in ' basement - and passages
and floors of light well for a three-story frame
building- (five flats) on S line of Jackson street
82:6 W of Taylor, W 55 by S C8:0; $1150.
! ' Sam* owner ; with James v P. Burke (con
trictor). . sam<- • architect — Lumber > mill glaz
ing, - lath ; ond ' plaster, tin. . stairs.' rooflng, til
ing and marble work-in vestibule for same on
same; $11,375: :
.Same owner with G. C. Sweeney (contractor)
same « y architect— Plumbing.', water pipe and
sewers, for 'same on same; $1543. : .,
.;••' Sanie .owner with • Jacob SchaeTer (contrac
tor),! same architect — Painting and -tinting for
same en same;' $'J23. . ./•-.. --■ '.•> -.
Naval Militamrn on a Cruise.
The navy tug Fortune, Ensign Woods, U. S.
X., In command. wa« out for another cruise
yesterday with the officers of the- naval
militia on board. The citizen sailors have
been making earnsst effoits >to equip them
selves with suffk-ient knowledge of matters
marine to make their services of same real
value in event of the navy calling for State
assistance. Nautical Expert J. T. McMillan
of the hydrograthic office, who Is a graduate
of Annapolis and an acknowledged authority
on navigation, has for some time been teach
ing th« secrets , of, the science to the naval
militia officers. These cruises on the Fortune
ar» for the purpose of giving practical demon
stration of the theories taught In the class
room. There was no sun yesterday so the
cruise was devoted to work with the compass.
Since the Government placed the Fortune at
the occasional disposal of the naval militia
men there has been a marked improvement in
the work of the class, which will soon be fit
for graduation. When Captain Bauer and his
officers finish the course they are now taking
they will be qualified, say their instructors, to
do any of the work involved In navigating
any kind of vessel to any part of the world.
Twenty-Five Per Center Arrives.
The British ship Pltcairn Island arrived at
Adelaide yesterday, after a long voyage from
this port. Some tlm« ago she was placed on
the overdue list and yesterday, when news
of her arrival reached here, she was quoted
for reinsurance at £5 per cent. There are
three overoues still on the list and In each
case the high rate Indicates the small amour t
of hope entertained for their safety. The Storlc
and Edith Mary are Quoted at 70 per cent
anil the Brier Holme at 80 per cent.
Steamship Diriso Damaged.
The steamer DIrigo, which arrived at Seat
tle Tuesday night from Skagway. was on the
beach at Bella Bella. Favored by fine weather
she was floated safely. She was damaged,
but how badly will not be known until she
hai been placed on the drydock and surveyed.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN*.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The ships Fort George, Hawaiian Isles and
Willscott will proceed to Honolulu to lead
sugar for Delaware Breakwater. •-. ".- \
Cement for the North.
The steamer Mackinaw, which was cleared
yesterday for Victoria, carried 8200 sacks of
cement, valued at $3075.
Shipment of Lumber.
The British ship Drumcraig was cleared yes
terday for Sydney, Australia, with 1.231,359
ft lumber. 86,217 ft doer stock and 2930 bdls
shingles, valued at $it5.6S8.
Additions to Ballast Fleet.
Four more vessels are to leave this port In
ballast fcr Australia. They are the British
ship Barfillan. Granada and St. Mirren and
the French bark General Faidherbe. The Bar
flllan go«s to Newcastle and the others to
Sydney Heads for orders.
The French bark Bourbaki (at Port Town
send) oroceeds thence in ballast to Sydney
Heads for orders.
Notice to Mariners.
COLUMBIA LIGHT VESSEL NO. 50.
(List of Lights, and Fog Signals, Pacific
Coast, 1904. page 28, No. 93; List of Lights.
Buoys and Daymarks, Pacific Coast, 1904,
page 42.)
Notice is hereby given that on or about
January 1. 1905. Columbia River light vessel
Nc 60 moored off the entrance to the Colum
bia River, about "A miles SRW. «» W. from
Cape Disappointment Lighthouse, will be tem
porarily withdrawn from her station for re
pairs, and the station will be marked by a
gas buoy, painted red, with "light vessel
moorings" in black and showing a fixed white
light during periods of ten seconds, followed
by eclipses of ten seconds.
Light vessel No. 50 will be returned to her
station as soon as renair* have been com
pleted (on or about February 1. 1905) and
the bucy will then be discontinued.
By order of the lighthouse board.
I* C. HEILNER.
Commander. U. S. N. .. Lighthouse Inspector.
L.ATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday. December 14.
Etmr Chas Nelson. " Christenson, 40 hours
from San Pedro.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Palled Dec 14— Br rtmr Aor
angi, for Vancouver.
MAKAWEL1— Sailed Dec ~ 14 — Bark Emily
F Whitney, for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
GLASGOW — Arrived Dec 13 — Strar Fume-"
sla from Hamburg.
NEW YORK— Arrived Dec 13— Btmr Moltke.
from Hamburg; stmr Kaiser Wllhelm der
Gross*, from Bremen. Dec 14— Stmr Rotter
dam, from Rotterdam.
Sailed Dec 13 — Stmr Amsterdam, for Rot
terdam: stmr Oceanic, for Liverpool.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Dec 13— Stmr Ce
drlc from New York, for Liverpool; stmr
Haverford. frcm Philadelphia, for Liverpool.
HONGKONG— Sailed Dec 14— Stmr Empress
of • Ja^an. for Vancouver, B C, via Shanghai,
Nagasaki. Kobe and Yokohama.
Arrived Dec 13 — Stmr Doric, from San Fran
cisco, via Honolulu. Yokohama, etc.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Dec 14 — Etmr Tydeus.
for Seattle, via Hongkong; stmr Baltic, for
New York, via Queen«town.
Arrived Dee 14 — Stmr Welshman, from Port
land.
| C00K_B00KS. |
,V Owing to the unusual demand &
S on the part of our subscribers »
S for THE CALL'S Premium Cook S'
g Book It has been necessary to «
O order an additional . supply, o
8 These books arc expected about Q
Q the 15th inst., on and after Q
8 which date they will be at the W
8 disposal of our patrons at the 2
S very low price 'of 50c. s§
8 To subscribers receiving their <g
o paper by mall there will be an §
Q additional charge of 25c to pre- 8
w pay expressage. We also have S
8 on hand n few copies of "Wild «
w 'Animals I Have Met," thor- Sg
g oughly descriptive of the whole «
0 animal kingdom, on the same <5j
q» terms. Order now, as our sup- <$
8 ply is limited. g
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
|CAL1FOR^UM1T^1
ICHICAGO^N 3 DAYS!
8 LEAVES OAILV ATT 33O A.'.rv1. BS
Other Santa To Trains*
7:30 a. m.l
0:80 a. m. VFor Stockton, Fresno. Bakersfleld.
S:CO p. m. j ilerccd, ■ Hanford and Vlsalla.
4:00 p. m. For Stockton.
8:00 p. nj. For\ Kansas City, Grand Canyon
and Chicago.
Ticket Offices— 641 Market st. and Ferry Depot,
San Francisco; also 1112 Broadway. Oak-
land. Cal.; al«o 27 South 1st, San Jose. -
I^^j4^w^^a| To SAN RAFAEL,
|S|jKi^M| ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
i PSw"^*' CAZADER0 ' Etc>
tdSBaaECBHSESSl; via Saasallto Terry
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
l>epart • from San Francisco, daily. . at t7:05
7:43, S:25. 0:10, 9:50.' ll:G0 a. m.; 12:20. 1:45.
3:16 4:35, 5:15. 5:50. 6:oO, 7:15 10:15 and
11:35 p. m.
Arrive at San Francisco, daily, at f6:40
7:33 8:15, 8:50. 9:35. 10:50 a. m.; 12:10 1-30
2:55/4:23. &: 05. 5:42. 6:22. 6:67. 7:40 and 11:23
p.- m. • .
tDaily except Sunday.
_ For 'Fairfax, daily/ at 7:45 a. m.; also Satur-
days at 3:13 p. m.r and daily except Saturday
and Sunday, at 3:15 p. m.
THROUGH : TRAINS.
, 7:45 a. m. dally— Cazadero and way stations
3:15' p. m., Saturdays only— For Cazadero.
etc' am»ffi?aC8^BBBBsWy^'«8itSt
,'\15 p. m. daily, except Aturday and Sun-
day, for Tomales. etc. '
TICKET OFFICE— 650- Market st.
FERRY— Union DeDot, foot of Market st.
' RAILWAY TRA Vj^^l^^
y<f~CS^s. Ttmtmn !•«▼• »»• ■»• **»•
(°Mi~s&\ J\ SAN FBANCI3CO.
' V* *¥^=\ /t'rl ***y* OcTOaW 2& 1301
\JS (Toot of Market Street >
i->*T» - MAIN LINE. -*««!▼»
7.00a Vaearille. VVioiers. «mu<«y / »»•
7-C0a Ttentcls. Elmlrsand Sucrsmeato.. 7-2UC
7.30a Ysllejo. Nspx CaUsr.ocn. Saata
Kusa. Martinez. Sao Uamoa 8-20*
7 30a Ni!«!«.Trsejr. Lathrop. StocKron.... 7-20*
8 OCA Shmu Express— (Via DaT'.n).
William*. Willows. tFruto. ICed
niuff. Portland, Tacoma, Seattle 7-30*
8 00a Davis. WoodUr.rt. Cnlzbts Landing.
MarysTllle. Oro»llle 740*
8 30* MArtlaejr. Antlocb. Byron. Tracy.
StoiAtoi. N^wtiiJii. Los Bonos,
Msndcts. Arrnons, llnnford.
Vlaallk. -Portervllle 4.20s>
8 30» Port Cotta. Morfecto. Merced.
Fr^*no. Oo«t«.-n .Junction. Ilaa- _
ford. Vism!a. Kalorsaetd 4 S0">
8 30 a Nllm, S«n Joiie. I.lrermnre. Stock-
ton. (tMlltoa). Ivne. Sacramento.
MaryiTlll". Cblco. Ued Blu.T .... 4 20»
8 30a OaXdaln. Uh..i«f. Jamestowa. So>
nora, Taolnniur «u<! Angels 4.20*
9 00a Atlantic Express— Oftden snd E*«l. 8 20»
9-30a Richmond. Usrtlaes and Wsy
Stations a5O
10-CQATbe OTerlacd Llmlfcl — "zrten.
OinabA, Chicago. Denver, Kaasss
City, St. Louis.... 8.20»
1000a Vallejo ..._ 12-20»
10.00a Lo* Anclo - Pasnenner — Port
Costa. Martinez. Hyron. Tracy.
XAthrop. Stockton. Merced.
Unymond. Fresno. Goshen Juno-
tton. llanTord, Lemoore. Vlsalla.
Bskersflfld. Los Ansreles £-23*
I2.C0m Raywant. Nlles and War Stations. 3-20*>
ti OOP Sucrsmento Hirer Steamers™ tli.OJ*
3 JQp Beolcta. Winter*. Qacrasento.
Woodland. Kcl;nta Landing.
MarysTtlle. OroTtlle snd way
stations 'S'SS*
gJ>0PHayward.X::es*ndWay Buttons.. 7.50*
I 30p Fort Costa. Martinez. Byron, Tr*cjr.
Lsthrop, Stockton, Modes, to.
Merced, Berenda. Fresno and
Way Ststlons heyoud I"orr. Coita 12.20*
4-OOP Msrtlnez.Ssn Itimcu. ValleJo.Napa.
. Callntogs. 8-tnta Rosa ,5H« V
4 COpjflle*. Trscr. Stockum 10 ?9*
4 -30P Hay ward. Nile*, lrvloetoa. Saat T8.bg »
Jose. Llrermore !... I ti 1.50*
eXOPTns Owl Limlisd— .Ve»m*D. Los
Hanoi. Mendoia, Fresno. T'llars,
Bakersfleld. Los Angeles. ..... ~ 8-50*
16 3Cp Hay want, Mies sod aan Jom .—.. 7.20a
6-GOp Hay ward. Nlles and Ssn Jos*. 8 50*
COOP Eastern Express — Umaha. Cntcaira,
Denver. Kaasss City. bt. Loala, ' . .
Martlcftz. Stockton. Sacrament^
Col fax. Reno. Hpsrks, Montella.
... Osdea «... t2.50>
B.OCp Vallelo, dally, except daaday.... I 7 cn a
7-OOp Vallejo. Sunday only f *' ouw
743OP Ulchmond, Man Pablo, Port Costa,
M»rt!r.ez and Way Buttons 11.20a
7-OOp Rcdo Passenger— Port Costa. Be-
nleta. Sulsun, Elmirs, Dtxon.
Davis. Sacramentn, Spsrks. Toao-
psh. Keeier and Wsy Ststlons... 7-80* -
• C5p Oregon A California Exprets— 6»«-
rstaeoto. li;iry**tlle, Raddise. '
Portland. Poget Suand and East. 8-50*
8.10P Bayward, KEea and Ssa Jose (Sua-
dayonly) .- 11-504
COAST LINE (.1arr«.w flaags).
_ (Voot ot Market Street.)
8.16a Jfewark. CenterrtUe. Bin Jos*.
Fslton. Dnnider Creek. Ssata
Cras snd Wsy Stations S 55»
t2-1&p Kewark. CenterrUle, San Joss,
Dew Almaden. I/>» Oatos.Feltoa,
Bonlder Creek. Sanw Crux sad
Principal Way Stations ttO S5*
4.16P Newark. 8aa Jose, Los Gstos... J *]£§££
«930p Hnaters' Train (Saturday only)—
Ssn Jose snd Wsy Stations ...... t7.25s>
COAST LINE l«roaU uanse).
- pr ( third i>ud l'pwDiieaJ Streets.)
6.10a Saa Joscao.1 Way Stations. S 30»
7- GOa Ssn Joae and Way Stations 5 40P
8-OOa New Almaden (Tues.. Krld.. only). 4.10*
• COaTIii Coaster — Sun Joae. Salinas.
Sua Ardo, P««o Rohles. Banta
Margarita. Snn Luis Oblspa,
Gaadslu^e. Gnvtota, Santa Bap-
psra, San Bueonventura. Mon-
I talvo. Omard, Bur bank. Los
Angele* 10 39*
8 COa GMn..?-, HullNtcr. Csstroviilr. Del
Monte. rarlQi; Grore. Surf. Lom-
poe 10-35*
8.00a S»n Joae. Tres Pinos.WationYt!]e.
CspltolA. BSDt.t Craz, Psctfla
Grove. Sftltnas. Sao Luis Oblspo
fand Principal Way Stations. ... 4.13p
10.30a Ssn Joie snd Wsy Stations 1-20?
11 50a Saa Jose a art Way Stations........ 7..<0-»
2-16P ban Joieand Way StntioDS 3 S3*
i CCp Del .M.nite Kipreas— Santa Clara, •
Ssn Jo«».Watioa r tile. Santa '
Cruz. Del Monte. Monterey.
PmcIOc GroTe 12 15»-
tS-OOP Los Gstos. WrtiiQt. Bouldrr Creek.
Santa Cruz, rift Santa Clara snd
Narrow Gsn^ t10 4Sa
B-30P Valencia St.. Soutb San Frsnctsco,
Bnrilcrame, gan Jose. Gllroy.
Holllster. Ttm Plnos 11 -It*
4-30pS»su Jone and TTsy Stations TS 03*
tSXOP Santa Clara,. San Jose. Los Gstos.
sod principal Way Stations (ex-
_" cept Sunday) t9 00*
I6-3OP EanJoaeiiadPrlnelpnlWayatailona {?.41»
b 48p SsiJiet Express.— Ked wood. Saa
Jose,Gllroy.6»llnss,Ps»oUoblea. .',^~,
Esn Luis Oblspo, Santa Barbur*.
Los Angeles. l>emln«r. h.1 Puso.
(•t.Lool*. New Orleans. KewYork 9 Ifla
6.45pPsJaro, WatsonTllle. Cs pi tola,'
raota Cruz. CastroTlIlo. Del
Monte, Pacfflc Gro»e 1050»
18.15c aau Mateo. l»eresforJ,l(eImont.S»n -
Csrlos. Kcdwood, Fair Okies.
- JienloParlt. Palo Alto tS43«
6-3DpSan Joae snd Way8Utlons. C-33*
8-COp Psio Alto and Way Stations 10.15a
11.30P Suuth SanFrsaclsco. Mlllbne, Bar-
\',Bg*me. bin Msteo, Beimont.
6s& Carlos, lied wood. Fslr Oaks,
llenlo Park, and Palu Alto tS-45»
•IISOp If ayQeld. Mountain View, Suany-
* vale, Lawrence, Ssnta Clara sad
Ban Jose OU*»
▲ for Morning. P for Af tarnoosv
ISaaday sxeepted. t Bandar only.
« fiaturday only. • Monday rmiy-
. i£iuc» at all stations on Sunday
-CALIFOHMU NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
Tlboron. Perrr, Toot at Market 8tr»st.
BAI7 FKAKCXSCO TO SAW BA7A£I>.
WEEK DATS— 7:3O. 9:0O. ll:0O a. ra.; 12:3A>
3:30, 8:10, 8:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trt»
at 11:80 p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:30 and 11:30 p, m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30k S:3a
. 8:00. 6:20. 11:30 p. B.
BAH BATAZL TO SAJT TUAXC1SGO.
WEE1C DAYsr— «:05 7:33. 7:60, 9:20, 11:11
a. m.; 12:30, 3:40. 3:CO, 6:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Kitrs. trip at 2:05 and t:8* p. ns,
SUNDAYS— 8:00, »:«O. 11:1* a. m.; 1:40. S:«V
4:06. 3:05, «:23 p. m.
Lear« I la Effect I ArrlT*
San Fran. I Oct. 2. 1904. f San Fraa.
Week I Sun- I Destina- I Son- I W«*k
Days. ) days. | tlon. I days, f Days.
7:30 a 8:00 a 0:10 a S:40»
B:30a lynaeia, 10:4Oal0:z»a
S:30p S:30p 6:06 p 8:20 o
5:10 p 3:00 p 7:33 p
7:80 a I 0:10 a 8:40 a
8 -.00 a Korato. 10:40 a 10 :» a
8:30 p 9:30a Petaluma 6:06 p «JU 9
8:10 p 8:30 p and 7:i3p
|3:C0p Saata Rosa.
1:30 a ~ U0:40 a!10:2O a
8:00a Tultea. T^Sp «:»»
t:8Op 8:30 p I
Windsor. I —
1:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburr. W: 40 a. 10:30 a
Lytton.
t:SOp 8:30 p OsysenrUlai, T:3» p S:20 9
Cloverdala. -.
7:30 si 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 al 10:20 a
8:30p|3:30p| and Ultlah. |7:33p|6:2O >
" i ~~\ WUlits and 1 I
7:80 al 8:00 a| Sherwood. lT:3Spf«^Oa)
7-3Oal 8:00 si "~ 110 :*O ailO:2O)a
8 :3O p| 3 :30p| OnrmeTHls. | 7:35p| 6;gQ 9
7:30 a'l 8:00 ai Sonoma. |9:10al8:40a
8:10 p| 8:00 Pi Glen Ellen, t 8:03 p( 6:23 p
7:30 al 8:00 al 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 0:30 p| BcbastopoL I 7:33 p| tt:20 9
STAGES connect at Green Bra» for Sas
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for Wnlt* Sulphur
Springs and Mark West Sprln«s; at Lyttoa tar
Lytton Sprino: at OeyserTlll* for Bkacxa)
Bprlngs: at CloverdaU for the Geysers. Boons-
vine and Greenwood; at Hopland for Doacaa
Eprings. HlKhland Springs, KelserrtUt. -Carls-
bad Eprinffs. Soda Bay. Lakeport. Bartlstt
gprinsa and Lake County Hot Springs; «t
Utlah tor Vichy Bprinifs. Saratoga 8urla*s.
Blus Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter SprtagsL
Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley. Joha Daya*
Riverside. Lleriy's. Bucknell's. SanhMria
HeiS&ts. Hullvlll-, Git's Hot Sprtna^. Halrw« r
llooae. Comptch*. Hopkins, Mendoctno City
Fort Bra**. Westport and Usal; at Wlllits for
Fort Bra.i<K. Hearst and Sawyers; at Sherwoo*
for Cahto. Cove'.o. Laytonvllls. Cumminza.
Bell's Springs. Harris. Hubbard. Fruit Una.
Dyer. Garbenrille. Camp 8. Pepperwood, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at rs>
tfuced ' rates.
On Sunday— Rocnd-trtp tickets to all potats
beyond San Rafael at bait rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronic]*
building.
JA3. L. FRAZIER. R. 3C RTAJI.
Gen. Masattr. Gen. Pass. Act.
_Mt, Tamalpais Railway^
Lt. Ssj yriaritco gg^' ' 1 ji. s»a I rtaeijes
y\. Dip 3riadijs_ /tfs^S^ra^l" Suad»jj~Wk7Dijr
- »: 2lil TnMiUfH 1 l-.iiOr "SJoFaOA
; 9:5Oa »: 5O a \ft*^>W&^j -•:.'>.-»? 3:53p
> J t:^ 1> l't45p I fi':-j^ 6:'a*>
WxuAtj* 4:35p TkS^ Sitardajs tl-.ltr
»T» GrtTjtj C«r v Kt Tsaaly U to Mill TaSiy
TICI1T J 650 Market ST..(N'orth Shore Railroad)
MKCB 1 and Sausauto Kerky. Foot Market Sa,
i'WBBHyCi $1.00 perYearCOMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Wall-street Stocks from J / 2 to I point lower. Cotton higher.
Local Stocks and Bonds dull and featureless.
Grain markets continue inactive and uninteresting.
Not much change in Exdiange rates.
Hay, Beans and Feedstuff s about as before.
Potatoes zveak. Southern Vegetables and Onions firm.
Apples, Oranges and other Fruits in ample supply..
Butter t Cheese and Eggs about as before quoted.
Provisions dull. Beef, Mutton and Pork unchanged.
Quicksilver Trade,
The exaorta of Quicksilver from Han Fran
cisco by sea. in November, 1904. were as fol
lows:
. To — Flasks. Values.
.H.r*a -JSS $11,140
Mexico 120 4.C80
Central Aaerica 105 4.051
N«w York loO Sf"* 0
Austraiia #.- 25 1.000
British Oolumbla, 1 *°
Totais 636 $26,811
In November. 1903. ■ the exports were 2360
Casks, raJued at $101,752, and included 1140
fladks to New York. «2S to China and 200 to
Japan. The receliJts at this port last month
were 2310 Casks, atralnst 2079 in November.
1303.
Stocks and Cotton.
The $«w York wires of E. F. Hutton & Co.
j-esteniay said:
STOCKS — The market mad* considerable
•progress In straightening Itself out from the
r«>oeot disturbance and breaking away from I
th* Influence of the bear attacks of the Boston
speculator asd the local clique which has
been operating in conjunction with this in
terest. It still showed, however, considerable
lrrerulafitT and toward the close ran up. in
dicating its sensitive condition and that we
*r« likely to witness fre<juent sharp, reaction
ary moresneats before the market finally cft
;".es down and confidence la restored, and It
<i acala la a. position to make a substantial
upturn and hold the Improvement.
COTTON — It seems to us tiist the market
■haa b«en pressed to where Bupport will b«
f:ves unless tie consvmera axe the masters
of the ettuatics!. We have no doubt but the
Tneetlag ot the boll weevil convention at New j
Orleans will be Instrumental In causing farm
ers to hold their cotton for higher .prices.
AThile the exports aiw large it is claimed that
they will be still larger la the next two
•weeks, as they are heavily committed for
December ehtsraents.
Wall Street View.
The New York circular of Henry Clews gives
the foilowlca; causes of the recent break In
etocka. It will be observed that while It gives
Lawson's attack on Amalgamated Copper as
the direct cause of the emash. it Intimates
that It would have occurred sooner or later
without the Initiative of the Boston operator:
Like '"a bolt from the blue" the crash in
Wall street came when least expected ani
when all seemed serene. The truth !s, the
market .was rii>e for a break. For weeks and
mcatiis stocks continued to rise without in
terruption until speculation, orverstimulated by
increasingly favorable outside conditions, car
ried the market up to the point of collap«e.
ITi'intimit everywhere was so overwhelmingly
bullish that weak spots were Ignored and a
eliuatlon created where only a shock of some
*ort was needed to force wholesale liquidation.
This shocks came in the form of an attack
upon Amalgamated Copper, which promptly ex
posed the weakened condition" of the whole
market. Stocks, it wae then seen, had passed
from strong Into weak hand*. The big men
tvh» bought freely at the low prices of 1903
had' disposed very largely of their holdings,
and whea the crash came there was little or
n<? eurport from this quarter. Liquidation of
overbought accounts became imperative and
prices were so high that no substantial buyers
could be found except at euch heavy declines
ff exhausted weak margins and frightened
timid holders -out of their senses. The decline
wan. of course, accompanied by the usual eup
p!y of unsettling rumors and intensified by the
trading element who always push a movement
In pltner direction to the utmost. One thing is
Clear: ttrt ■Cfiaccial atmofphrre fcas been much
clarified bjf this unwelccme squall. Values are
now on a more substantial ba.«ls • and weak
ppots have been prptty thoroughly eliminated.
A r*riod of irregularity may follow euch a
j>hock. but speculation S» likely to be carried
on within eafer ar.d narrower limits, and the
so-called "boom" has. received a timely and
much-n*eded check. Conservative bankers had
for come time been apprehensive ot excesses
and caution has been repeatedly urged In these
advices, so the break caused no surprise.
EASTmtN* MARKETS.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. 14.— Money on call was
Fteady at 2Q3 per cent; closing; bid 2, offered
2% per cent.
Time loacc were easier. Sixty days, 90 days
and «5x month*. 3%£3% per cent.
Prime mercantile paper, 4 1 4 fl4% per cent.
Sterling exchange was strong, with actual
t>ue!ne«s in bankers' bills at $4 S7@4.8705 for
rfpmand anfl at $4.843O@4.&435 for sixty day
bins.
Posted rates. S4 84%S4 S5 and $4 87%.
Commercial blllF. $4 64Q4 84%.
■ Bar silver. «05ic. - ■ - -
Mexican dollars. 4£%e. l?V«f& V •
Bonds — Government*, steady; railroads, lr
reffular.
New York Stock Market.
NETS' YORK. Dec. 14. — Another etep t was
tak*n toward the establishment of a normal
ttoek market to-day after the paroxirmal state
e>t th» dealings. The effect yesterday of. the
support which was forthcoming to protect the
market from a further disastrous fall led to a
Ustless movement to corer shorts on the part of
a retreating bear party. There was traceable
ecme reauir^jtlon of operations on the long side
a* well, and a renewal of efforts to push prices
up rapidly to close the raps in price* caused
the fall. But it developed in the course of
the day that conditions were not "favorable to
this rapid return to the speculative mood ex
tstlnjf before the break in the market. The de
mand rapidly thinned out at the higher level
and there was some pressure to Hell at the re
covered price*. Toward the end of the day
tb« market sunk Into .a dull and liFtless ctate
•not far from las* nlghfs close. There vsfiu
nothing in the circumstances of the day to
account either for the morning advance ©r
thp afternoon reaction further than the natural
tendency of the market to readjust itself by a
•Ties of lessening fluctuations after such a
<~nmmctlon as that to'Ti-faich It had been smb
}<XT«!d.
T!ie Advance in Amalgamated Copper was a
material aid to the general recovery and Its
yielding was the eignal for the abandonment
*>f operations for the rise. The attempt to
tno\> prices 1 upward entered conspicuously in
the coaler*, and thi» group had the tp*clal ad
vanfapp ef the active demand for coal stimu
lated by the wintry weather. Advances In a
r.umber of stocks In the group extended to 2
"o. 2% points. Atchison was the most con
ppicuoti* «>ak fepet in the market. During the
TTlod. of etrength in the general market It was
ra»r»:]y a laggard, but ■with the reaction It
yielded sharply. The detlslon to issue $50.
<W),<M)0 of convertible bonds to provide capital
for exteneions end abeorptiens vai the evident
cause of the disfavor with which the stock
«-a* viewed in the day'e speculation. Its drop
to 3 points Mow lart night in the late mar
•tst. perhap* helped to drag flown the rent of
the.liet. The addition of Jl,*5O0.000 In gold
coin to th«> engagements of all the available
rold ben. for export had an unfavorable nentl
mental effect. The further . rise In the ex
change rcte made the gold outgo more easily
explicablp. but the fart that th<> shipment Is to
he made on a «lrw freight steamer without re-
RSirt to tlw added interest charge for the
longT trant-lt keeps the movement In an anom
ainus situation.
The money market was not affected in any
of-i-rw and. in fact, was i«en»!b]y easier both
Or <-«!! BTirt time loan*. San Francisco con
tinues Jo make large r»><julslt!ons on New Tork
for r-arh in addition to the gold exports. The.
faction kwinif pronounced In the late market
ar.1. la« prt<e* were renn-ally loner than last
nicht. espertally in th«> Paclflrn. granger* and
l'niU"d States Steel. Th* closing was wrak.
Ronds ww Irregular. Total sales, par
raJue. »3.r.2ft.O00. • •
United Statt* hends unchanged on call.
Xew York Stock List.
E. T. Hutton k Co.. 49O California street. '
Pan F"rsnc!seo. ir-emb^rs of the Xew Tork
Fi«vk Kxc-hana;^. furnish Ih^ following official '
::■•:,;;. rr- of that Exchanr*:
Falou.! STOCKS. jHiithiLowTi Bid. I Ask.
lAdinw Hxi'tTM. .'.:'. ,.\. .:..'z:M itZft
Kl.noOiAtnals Copper -.1 <iC"4! Cj \ ca j «tj«4
.. jAmrrCinC«'.v.t.....|..;..! 1014 jou
....... Do r.^d ....;.!....! ) r.sxt o-J
4.3i««»Am»>r C * F Co' 31 14) X0m,\ ZOU. M t *t.
♦*!»»: rv> pfd 1 »i i oflivi i«i| m 1
7«x» a mrr <y>tt en oti.i sn ! S5W .1554 35»i '
-.« < -Uo rfd .'.'....I I.....1 »4 :3i !
. WAwr nis t«i..! 3« i 3» I r-v'-j :n
..'AfR^r Krnr*>**...i j ilftff <21o . '
'I.WAmfr n T Co. /J !2Vi1 11 » 4 i H^J 12 J"
2.7<K!iAni»-r Hide fr L? K*»| lOiAj J0^< 10S4
*.30fl! l)o nfd .. f 45 ! 42*41.43 ( 4<?i
[BnojAmer Ice i R%1 K { 7*il V 8
• .600! Do pfd .1 38 . 1.38TSI.S***! ."f« j
.-::::::! A n7 ifd 1 *?*!. ::i:::::i:::::| 37 H j «. ,
2,700|Amer Locomotfre 32 31 I 31 31%
1.00OI Do pfd 101% 100% 100 101
7,lC0|Amer Malt 9 8>-4 8% 8%
3,S00i Do prd 28% 27%| 27% 27%
3,9CC|Amer S & R Co. 78% 77&4| 77% 77%
200' Do pfd 112% 112 Jill Ii2
17,000|Amer Sugar |141%il38%(l38%|138%
1W Do pfd 137 136 13« 139
Amer T & T Co! ...143 145
Amer Tob pfd 147 150
200 Amer Woolen ... 20% 20 20 20%
! Do pfd 90 9.1
500! Anaconda 103 98 98 96%
Ann Arbor 32 36
Do pfd 62 W
2S.800 A T & Santa Fe S4% 82 &2% 82^1
10.600 Do pfd ...... 102% 101 «4 101% 102
ta,100Balt & Ohio 100% 98% 98% 99%
800 Do pfd 95% 95% 95 96
Bay State Gas % %
81.400 B R T 59% 57% 57% 57%
'Brooklyn U Gaa 210 215
1.700 Brunswick D & I 12% 12 11% 12'
Butterlck Co W) 03
Canada Southern 70 /0%
3.300 Canadian Pacific 129% 128% 128% 128%
I 9.000JC & O 48 46V* 46% 46%
100 C A A 29% 38% 39% 40%
100 Do pfd 85 85 80 S5
C &. E 1 pfd ..... 128% 145
11.900 C & G W 23 22 22% 22%
....... Do Pfd A 64 6ti
100 Do pfd B 34 34 34 35
Do debs ...: S5%| S6
1.300C & N W 203 200 200%|203
14,900,C M & St P ... 168% 166% 16t)Vi 1«C%
400J Do pfd .- 184% 1S4 182 185
M.ttXViC R I & P (new) 33 31% 31 Vt\ .{1*8
800 Do Pfd €4% 83% 82% 83
I Do 4s 80^ 80%
l.COOjChicago Terminal 12% 11% 12 12%
1.1OOI Do pfd 22% I 22 21 22
800|Chic Un Trac.. 12%l 11% 11% 12
1.600J Do pfd 45 44 43 44
• COO.C C C & St L.... SU% S7 i h$ '•»«
Do pfd '...114 118
Clev Lor & W 65 80
I Do pfd 90 120
12,400;Colo Fuel & Iron 45% 43 43% 43%
i Do pfd 85 87
Col Hock C &.1 16% 17%
100|Colo Southern .. 21% 21% 20% 21%
lOOj Do 1st pfd 57 07 57 57%
100| Do 2d pfd 33 33 32 34
2,400!Consolidated Gas 204% 201 1 201 202
900[Cont Tob Co pfd 128' '127% 127% 128%
2.700,Corn Products .. 21% 20% 20"4 20%
300 Do pfd 7S% 78% 78% 79
5,e00;Del & Hudson... 187 184 1S3 184
2C0jD-x, & \v...:... sa^i ;« <ta ;«
CCO D & R G 32 3L 30 32
1.100 Do pfd 86% S5% 86% 86%
Des M Ft D 79 80
SOOjDetroit . Un Ry.v 77% | 77 77 78
100 Detroit South .. 6% 6% 6 7
6O0| Do pfd ....... 27% 27' 2«% 27
iDiamond Match.'. 135 140
1,900 Dis Securities. . . 87% 36% 36% 37
Do Bonds 78 78Vi
Duluth S S & A 10 12
Do pfd 20% 23
40,300'Erie j 36% 35% 35V. 35%
6.50O Do 1st pfd 74% 73 73% 73fc
800 Do 2d pfd 65% 55 53% 55
E&TH 60 63
| Uo pfd 80 83
Gen Chemical 60 C5
I Do pfd 100 102
100 Gen Electric ...185% 484 184 184%
100|Great North pfd 221 221 210' 220
Green Con Cop 25 £5%
.Havana Tob Co 33 35
j I>o pfd 41 44
-IHocking Valley.. . , . .-... 89 90
200 Do pfd 82*4-02 -81U -.93 I
"*^!f 31 <*»•«» pi ■ ."WitlSmllul* 1M%
50t'| Do pfd 79 | 78%[ 78% 79
400 Internatl Power~ 60% C0% 69% «1%
llnternatl Pump.. .;;.. ..'... 40 41
100 Do pfd ....... 85 83 84 SG
20C.,Iowa Central .... 28% 28" 28% 29
! °o P'l" 54 56
'Kanatiha & Mich 36 37«
200;K C Ft S&M pfd 82' 82 81 8-'
8,«<Xj;k C Southern... 30 27% *>8
8.500 Do pfd cs% Mi, ;i B-> '
lOOjKeokuk & D M.. 15 15 15 iS
Laclede Gas pfd 90 91
Lake E & West 35 37
...... Do pfd 06 100
Long Island . . : '. 55 (32
'•SS'if 11 '!! & Na * h "- 13fl % 13 "% 137% 137%
2. 000 i Manhattan' 163% 162% 163 IW14
Manhat Beach. ....:..... 914 11
4.700 Met Securities.. 77% 76% 76 7»%
-f-300 Met St Ry 119% 118% 118% U8%
16.900, Mexican Central. 21% 19% 2o!A n i)&
300;Minn & St L. . . . 61% 60 61 62
Do 1st pfd 93/ 93
-. COOlM. EtPiSSM 87% 87% 87% 89
100; Do pfd 148 146 144% 146
2.300JMO, Kan & Tex. 30% 23% 29% 30
3.500! Do pfd 63 61% 62 62%
22,000 Missouri Pacific. 107% 105% 105% 105%
Xash. C & St L HI 145
100 National Lead... 22% 22% 22% 23
.......I Do pfd 9«it 98
400;Xtl RR JAex prd 39% 39a/.
l,600!Xaticnal Biscujt. 57% 56 56% 67
j Do pfd ;. „.; 115 H6%
Xew Jersey Cen. 190 " 1S8 189 100
• 1.700IX Y Air Brake-: . 156% 153 ' 154 158
.300 Xew. York Cen.. 137 135% 135% 135%
N Y. C &_St L. 42% 41% 41% 42%
• Do 1st pfd ■.... HO. 120
..." Do 2d pfd 1 ..■.-.. 75- 78
Xew York Dock. .."... ...... 18% 24
. lOOjX T. X H & H. 198 108 197% 1»8%
3,«(X)1X Y. Ont & W. 43% 42% '42% 42*fc
l.€00:Xorfolk & West. 79 76% 77% 77%
j Do pfd : : . . . 92 . 94
800- North American. 100"% 99 100 101
12,000! Northern Bees... 126% 124% 125 125%
Omaha 154 163
....... Do pfd 187 193
... O S L 4s... . 10.'!% 104
:500;Paciflc Coast 76 76 74% 76%
». Do 1st pfd 97 105
...{ Do 2d pfd 80 83
l.COO.'Pacific Mail 42% 41 41% 41%
69.100'Penn R R Co... 135% 133T* 134 134H
10. 700; People's Gas 106% 104V« 104% 105'
I Per© Marquette 75 80
400! P, C C & St L. 77% 73 75 77
I Do pfd.I. i 105 100
7,600;Pre=sed 8te«l Car 38% 37% 37% 38
700 Do pfd *8fl% 83*jj 89% 90
100, Pullman Car Co. 235 233 1233 236
500: Ry Steel Springs 31% 30% 30% 31
1.100} Do pfd...:..*.. fll »0 »0% 91.
137.200|Keading 79% 76% If 77%
100 Do 1st pfd.i.. «0% »0 89 90%
200| Do 2d pM 81% I 81% 81 82%
1.W0! Republic S & I. 15T*I 14X, 11% 15
<:00| Do pfd 67% 0(5% C6% «7
1,100' Rubber Goods... 27% 2<5% 2HV t 27^4
Do pfd.....:: '. »2 96
eOOlSloRS S S & I... 60 50% 69% COW
1001 Do pfd......:. 102 102 87 102
...ISt J •& G I it. ..... 15 17
.1 Do let pfd 12 18
DO 2d pfd.... 24 27
.:..... St L&S F 1st pfd 74 78
1.4O0 Do 2d pfd ... 66% 65% 65 C5%
l,«COSt L AS W 24% 24%
' 2.200 Do pfd 54% 54%
20,000 Southern Pao .. C2% 60H 60% 01
...,.., Do pfd 118 117% 117% 117%
15,000'Southern Ry... 34% 33% 33% 33%
1.100J Do pfd'..... 1 . 06 94"% 95% J)6
Standard Oil 630 633
lOO'standard R&T 3% 3% -3% Z%
2.8dO|Tenn Coal & I. 69% 67 66% 67
{Texas P L T Co 33 '36
4.300!Texas Pacific ... "34% 33% 33% 33%
Third Avenue 131 132
..... ..Toledo R A T Co .-.•..' 22% 23%
200 Toledo Bt L & W 35"% 35*4 34ft 35%
700 Do Pfd ..63% 60% 50 51%
lOOiTwIn City R T.. 105 >J05 104 105
Union B & P Co ..... ..... 10' 10%
.:..... Do pfd 70 75
64.300 Union Pacific ... 108% 106% 107 107%
100 Do pfd ...... 94 03 94% »5%
..... Do conv 4s.... ..;:. ..'... 107% 108%
....... ITnited Copper. .. ..'.:. .'.,-. . 9 10%
....... United R of.S F.ii.; ..... 22 ,22%
Do pfd «7% 67 • -e6"l '.<JT ,
.[..:.: r>o 4b :i.,. :..*.. .nil ss
•■-.. U S Cast I Pipe 'I» ' 18% '18% 10
'l;3fiO Do • PM ."..:... 19% 78 J4 77% '79
. 50f» t; -8 Express ..: 120 120,. 124 125
Crt.70nU R Leather ... 17% 15% 16%LlC%
12 W] Do Pfd ...... 1 03 % 100% 101 Vl<i2
I ' Jit s R & con pfd 78- 79
!" •• U S R&R Co pfd ...". 36 42 '
•"Vort'u-S Rubber .... 31% 31, 30% 31
• 400! Do Pfd .- »2% »2 92 93
I15.S00U.-8 Ste«I Cor .. 2«% 2<?Ti 26% 27
m:w\ Do pfd 89% S7fc 87% Kk..
■ .'20o'va-Car Ch<?m Co 40% 40% 40., .40%
. Do nfd HI 1M
2.100 Wabash ....... «l?i 20S 20% 20%
tsOOl Do pfi «% 41% 41% 42
.......I Do den Bs ... ..... ..... ««K «?«%
....i..iWoll« Fargo Ex ....237 JJ49
- 2*Vi*Wt«tern Union.. 92% «2 92 92%
W»lWf*tln«house " .. 179% 178 -178: 171*
lfKi Do l«t pfd ... 193 193 190 19fl
inoiW & LK .....; 18% 17% 18 18%
30« Do let pfd:.'. -46% ■■45.- j 45 4«
...,...! Dn 2d pfd •..: ..V. 26 28
>..... .{Wisconsin Cen .. 21% 20% 2J% 21%
5T0j Da.pf*. 45,- 44% 41%J 45
l,19«,100— Total ehares/sold.*
'*'•••" \w York Bonds.
C S ref 2s reg..lO4%'L 4: N unified is. 103
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,; -THURSDAY^ DECEMBER 7 15 ;V 1904;
Do coupon 104%|Man con gold 4s.lO4?4 |
Do 3s reg *.104%|Mex Central 4s... 76% j
Do coupon 104%| Do 1st inc..... 23% i
Do new 4s reg.l30%|Minn & St L 4s.. 96%
Do coupon 131 |M. K & Texas 4s. 100
Do old 4a reg.luo^l Do 2ds 84%
Do coupon 1C«%!NR of Mex con 4s 81
Atch gen 4s 102%IN J C gen 5s.... 130
Do adj 4s 04% N Y C gen 3%s..lOO%
Atlantic C L 4s. 99%|Nor Pacific 4s 105
Bait & Ohio 4s.. 10.1%! Do 3s 75
Do 3%s 06\4|Kor & W con 4s.l01
Central. of Ga Ss.llO'iiOSL 4s & pai;tic.lO.l%
Do 1st inc 91 jPa conv 3%s 102%,
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO7v;|Readlng gen 4s.*. .102% I
Chi & Alton 3%s. 82V4IS L & I M con 5s.ll(?*U I
C. B & Q new 4s.lOO ■ ig L & S F fg 4s. SOU :
C.M & SP gn 48.112 ISt I>DUis SV.' lsts. 97% !
9. NW con "■• 128% I Seaboard A L 4s. 83% !
C. R I & p ac 4 S . S0%|So Pacific 4s 94 :
Do col 5s 93%!So Railway Cs...U7J,;l
CC.C & SLgn 4s.l01 iTex & Pac lats.. 119(4
Chi Term 4s! 85 IToI ' St L & W 4s. 82%
Cons Tobacco 4s. 79 (Union -Pacific 4s.lO«%
Colo & So 4s 89%| Do conv 4s .....108
Colo Fuel & I 5a. 88 US Steel 2d 5s.. 90^
Den & Rio O 4s.lO2U!Wabash lsts 117%
Erie prior lien 4s.l01Si! Do deb B ..... fiCVi
-Do gen 4s 91%!W & L Erie 4s... 03%
F W & D C lsts.107% Wis Central 4s... 92%
Hock Val 4%s...lll%|
New York Mining' Stocks.
i Adams Con 60 ! Little Chief 05
Alice '20iOntario .. 3 50
Breece .......:.. 14[Ophir 3 CO
Bruns Con 07IPhoenix 08
Com Tunnel O8!Potosi .» ....." 14
Con Cal & Va... 1 75'Savage 25
I Horn Silver 1 55|Sterra Nevada.... 46
Iron Sliver 2 00' Small Hopes . 28
Leadville Con 02,'Standard ..... 1 60
Boston. Stocks £nd Bonds.
Money — , |Unlted Fruit 1C5
Call loans 3%®4%iU S Steel «.. 2»5%
Time loans ...4 @5 I Do pfd 81%
Bonds — Mining —
Atchison 4s 101% Adventure ...' 5%
Do adj 4s 63%fa:ilouez 17%
Mex Central 4s. .. 75 Amal Copper ..'. . 63
•Railroads — |Amer Zinc 12
Atchison 82%|Atlantic 16
Do pfd ., 101%|nfn»rham 33%
Boston & Albany.253 ICalumet & Hecla.645
Boston A Maine.175 iCentennlal ...:... 25
Boston Elev .....15.1 [Copper Range ... CS
Fltchburg pfd 139Vi}Daly West ± 12
Mex Central 20%!Dom Coal 62
NY. N H & H..I!»7ii*Franklln 10
Pere Marquette.. 73 iGrancy 4'4
Union Pacific. 107 Isle Royale 24Vi
Miscellaneous — Mas? Mining 9
Amer Arge Chem. 21% Michigan 9%
Do pfd S6%|Mohawk . . . : 51
Amer Preu Tube. SUJMont Coal & Coke 4%
Amer Sugar 13B%IOld Dominion ... 24
Do pfd 137 |Osceola 92
Amer Tel & Tel. 143 I Parrot '. 2«%
Amer Woolen ... 20' 'Quincy .105
Do r<d 92 IShannon 8%
Dom Iron & S... 17% (Tamarack 115 '
Ed Elect It]um..2.'>2 Trinity 10'A
Cen. EUctrle 1R3 |t* S Mining 21%
Mass Electric 14%H T R Oil 10%
Do pfd ill "(Utah 42 '
Ma?F Gas Sfi^lVictorla 4%
Un Shoe Mach... 59 l' | v'nnna 11
Do prd 31%|Wolverlne 104%'
Liondon C7os!nc Stocks.
Cons money.. 87 13-16'N Y Central 139
Do aect gs iNcvr & Western... 79'«, !
Anaconda 5«-ij Do pfd \.!)4%
AtchiBon S6% Ont & Western... 44%
Do pfd 10r>'/ 4 iPennsylvanla W>% ■
Halt & Ohlo...:.iniTi; Ranfl M | nps UK'
Can Pacific l."?2"4l Reading 3!>54, [
Ches & Ohio 47%! Do lut pfd 45%;
Chi Great West.'. 23 | Do 2d pfd 41 ,
Chi. Mil * St P. 172 ISO' Railway 34%!
De Beera 15CU! Do rM .... 97 i
Den & Rio O 3i%lSo Pacific WK \
Do pfd 88 {Union Pacific HIM
Erie S71.4! Do rfd P7%
Do 1«t pfd 75V.'U S Steel 2R%
Do 2d pfd 57"! D-> pfd 91 S4
111 Central 155 IWabash ..". 22%
Tyiulu & NaFh 141*; T>n nfd 44
M. K & Texas... SOT^Spanish 4s ....... 80%
Bar silver — Steady: - 2Sd per ounce.
Money— 1H®"2 per cent. \
The rate of discount In the open market for
short bills Is 2%@2 13-16 per cent and for
three months' bills 2 13-16 per cent.
Condition of Kw Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 14.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury balances In the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
In the division ' of redemption, chows: Avall-
L able cash balance, $144,203,616; gold, $S0,310,-
Xew York Cotton- Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. 14.— COTTON— Futures
opened steady. December. 7.60c; January,
7.70c; March, 7.S7c; April. 7.54c; May, 8c;
June. 8.06c; July. 8.09c; August, 8.06c; Sepr
tember. 7.75c bid; October, ' 7. SOc bid.
Futures closed steady. December. 7.69c;
January. 7.75c: February. 7.83c; March, 7.93c;
April. 7.97c; May, 8.05c: June. 8.10c; July,
8.15c; August. 8.16c; October, 8.05c.
Spot closed 15 points higher. Middling up
lands, 8.15c; do gulf. 8.40c. Sales, ■ none.
Xew York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Dec. 14.— FLOUR— Receipt*,.
23.700 barrels: exDorts, 1200 barrels. Market
dull and featureless.
WHEAT— Receipts, 32,000 bushels; exports,
50.400 bushels. Spot firm; No. 2 red nominal
elevator and $1 17% f. o. b. afloat: No. 1
Northern Duluth, $1 22»4 f. o. b. afloat; No.
l.hard Manitoba, nominal f. o. b. afloat. Op
tions were generally firmer all day. Shorts
were the principal buyers. The late market
advanced 'further on rumors of a bullish' Illi
nois State crop report, closing .%c to l^ic net
higher: May. SI 11@1 11%, closed $1 11%:
July, $1 02%®l 03%. closed $1 03%; Decem
ber. $1 1601 I614. closed $1 16%.
HOPS — Quiet. State, common to choice
1OO4. 29®37c; 1903. SO^SSc: olds. 14c; Pacific
Coast, 1904, 29®36c; 1903, 30®33c.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Fir»n.
PliTROLEUM— Steady. .' '
SUGAR— Raw, firm; refined, firm.
' COFFEE— Futures closed, steady at a par
tial advance of five points. Sales. 162.750 bags
including: Deceirber. 7.20c; January 7 i{0c-
March. 7. 50ft 7.55c: April. 7.C5c; May, 7.70® :
7.80c; July. 7.0O@7.95c; August. 8.05c; Septem
ber. 8.05S8.15c: October, 8.20©S.25c. Spot
steady.
CHEESE— Firm. . v
• BUTTER— Unchanged.
' EGGS— Unchanged.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Continue In light
demand, but. attractive fruit Is steadily held
Common were quoted at 3%@4%c; prime, at
4%<f?4%c; choice, 5®5%e, and fancy. 6@6%c
PRUNES— Are quiet en spot, but the market
shows a firm tone in sympathy with coast ad
vices. Quotations range from 2c to -6c ac
cording to grade. . J '
APRICOTS— Are quiet,, but firmly held.
Choice are . auoted at 10c; extra choice 10U®
lie, and fancy at ll%@15c.
PEACHES— Are In, .fair demand, particularly
tor n. th t lower * radps - Quotations are- steady
at 9V4®9%c for choice. Extra choice are held
at 954Q1OV4C, and fancy at 10%@"llc. -
Xew York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. 14.— The London tin
market met with speculative manipulation
and ruled active and closed with final prices
showing a big advance . for Bpot. which was
quoted at £130. while futures were only a
shade higher at £130 5s. Locally the market
was flull and more or less nominal, but held
higher in sympathy with foreign firmness
j3pot Is quoted at $29 1O@29 60.
Copper was unchanged at £66 for spot and
£66 5s for futures in the London market
Locally lake is still quoted at 14 87%@15 1"U,'
electrolytic, $14 75@15; casting, $14 50@14 75
All these quotations being more or le«s nom
inal.
' Lead was unchanged in London and at
$4 tI0@4 70 locally. l
Spelter closed at $5 85@5 87% in New York
and at £25 In London, . the latter market be
ing at a slight advance.
• Iron closed at 52s 3d in Glasgow and at
478 10%d in Middlesboro. Locally iron con
tinues firm. No. 1 'foundry, northern and No
1 foundry, southern, and No. 1 foundry, south
ern, soft, are held at $17@17 50; No. 2 foundrv
northern, at $16 50017. , . y '
CIUCAGO BOARD OF TRADE.
Future Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, Dec. 14.— The wheat market was
firm from the start. Sentiment at the open
ins: was Influenced somewhat by an easier
tone on foreign grain markets. The'-'initial
price for May was %c. lower to %c higher at
»1 08?i@l 09. All signs of bearlshness how
ever, ' were quickly., dispelled by. a decided
decrease in Northwestern receipts. Rumors
of a continued light movement were partially
cfinflrined through falrlyr. active buying -of
wheat ' here 'by cflTnmlssion- houses at North
western centers. The demand from that quar
ter started covering by shorts. ;- Little; selling
pressure being apparent the price became more
bullish as'the s«»slon progressed. Strength of
the cash marketi* at-Duhith and Mlnneapolia
formed an additional Influence In speculative
trading here late in the session. - May -reached
the highest- point of - the 'day'* juct before tthe
dore,- the price touching $1 09%Ql-'l0 p Final
quota tinns. were at $l'0» 1 Ji@l C9%. :. ■•.:'. >■
'-The feature of 4 trading In corn was .the -free
selling of December holdings. : December ' ami
May corn 'at one time sold at. the -same price
Future . deliveries held firm- throughout the- en
tire- session; there being at fair . commlnalon
house: demand.' ■< May opened- a ■ i>had9 ; : lower '
sold : up 'to -4496c and clotod at 4I'V.
•The volume of . business .'.in- the ,oat .plt--was
extremely - -llBht. Inr ' sympathy • with, the
iitrfngth' of wheat-a'flrnj undertone prevailed
May ■ oi-enpd i unchanged * to 309ie/, sold lip to
30^0 and closed -at the toD. • / •
■Under the Influence " of ■ a" decrease\-ln-;.re
ceipts of hogs the • provision market ruled
firm. Trading was. rather quiet. May. pork
closed with a gain or 5c, lard was up 5c and
ribs were 7V&c hither, i ' '.
The leading futures' ranged as' follows:
'Articles — Open. High." Low. 7 Close.
Wheat No. 2— .
December ..... 1 06 1.06% 1 05% 1 06»;
May .......:... 1 09 .110 1 CS% 1 09^
July- ........'...' »&% ' 9StA 98. 98%
Corn No. 2 — | ...
December ..... 46^ . 46%. 44# 4oV±
May. ........... UK 44% 44V4 44^
July 44% -44% 44% 44%
Oats No. 2 — • • ■ • • • ,
December ...... 28tt 28% 28*4- 28%
Hay 30% 30% 30% ■" 30%
July...... 30& »0% 30% «0%
Mess Pork, cer bbl — j • " . '
January . ..12 45 12 45 12 35 12 40
May 12 70 12.771,4 12 65: 12 75
Lard, cer 100 lbs—. ■ , . .,
January 6 85 6 85 6 82% 6 85
May 7 07% 7 12% 7 07% 7 12%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs —
January 6 42% 6 47% 6 40 6 47%
May 6 67% 6 75^.. « 67% . 6 75
Cash Grain ami Provisions.
CHICAGO, Dec. 14.— Cash quotations were
as follows: flour, easy; No. ' 2, spring wheat,
$1 bo®! 12; No. 3. ?l 00@l 12; No. 2 red, |1 10%
@lia%; No. 2 corn, 45U@45%c; No. 2 yel
low, 45i,4@45%c; No. 2 oats, 2S%c; No. 3
white, 2!>@30c; No. 2 rye, 74e; good feeding
barley; 38@40c; fair to choice malting, 41@4Sc;
No. 1 flax seed, $1 16; No. 1 Northwestern,
$124; prime timothy seed, $2 70; mesa pork,
per bbl, $11 15@11 25; lard, per 100 lbs, $0 80;
short-rib sides (loose), $0 25@0 50; short clear
fides (boxed), ?B 62%@B 70; whisky, basis of
high $124; clover, contract grade,
$12 50. , ■
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 47,000 - 33,300
Wheat, bushel9 165,000 . <>4,000
Corn, bushels 914,500 135,600
Oats, bushels ".' 192,900. 114,200
Rye, bushels 5,000 2.1C0
Barley, bushels 182,000 12,400
Butter, Cheese, 'and Eggs.
CHICAGO, Dec. 14. — On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was steady.
Creameries, 16@26c; dairies 16@22c. Eggs,
easier at mark, 20%i3'25c. Cheese, steady, 11
<gl2c.
CATTLE, SHEEP AND HOGS.
CHICAGO. Dec. 14.— CATTLE — Receipts,
26.000. Market steady to lower. • Good to prime
steers, $<3<g7 60; poor to medium, $.1 75@5 75;
stocTcers and feeders, $2@4 JO; cows. $1 40@4 20;
heifers, $2@5 25; canner*. $140@2 40; bulls,
$2©4; calve*, $5@7 25; Western steers, $3 50®
6 10. - -•■
HOGS — Receipts: To-day, 40,000; to-morrow,
35,000. Steady. Mixed and butchers, $4 35©
4 57%; good to choice heavy, $450@462%;
i-ough heavy. $4 3rvg4 45; light, 4 30<g4 50; bulk
iif sales $4 40®4 55.
SHEEP— Receipts. 22,000. Sheep and lambs,
steady. Gcod to choice wethers, $4 50@5 75;
fair to choice mixed, $3 5Oif4 60; Western
sheep, $3 60@6; native lambs, $4 75@4 S5,
Western lambs.' $4 76® 6 75. "'.•'
, Kansas City. . . V • •
KANSAS CITY, Mo.. Dec. 14.— CATTLE—
Receipts. 14,000. Steady. Native steers, $3 50
©6 50; native cows and heifers, ' $1 75® 5 25;
stockens and feeders, $2 5O@4 15; bulls, $2@4;
calves, $3(£i6 25: Western steers, $3@5; West
ern cows, $1 75 / @3 50.
HOGS — Receipts, 12,000. Steady to 6c lower.
Bulk of sales, $4 25@4 35; heavy, $4 55@4 62%;
- packers. $4 30@4 tiO; pigs and light, $3 85<{?4 50.
SHEEP— Receipts, 2000. Strong and active.,
Muttona, $4®5; lambs. $4 50®6 50; fed Western
wethers. ?l'/."> 25; fed ewes, (3 75@4 50.
., Omaha. . 'f
OMAHA, Nebr.. Dec. 14.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 50CO. Market 5@10c lower. Native
Eteere, $3 25<gtf 10; cows and heifers, $2 50@4;
Western utters. $3@4 75; Texas steers, $2 75©.
3 50; range cows and heifers, $2 40@3 50; can
ners. $1 50@2 30: stockera and feeders, %2 50®
4; calves, $3@5 50; bulls and stags, $2@4.
HOGS — Receipts, 0000. Market lower. Heavy,
$4 35@4 42 1 / 2-; mixM, 5* 37%@4 40; light. *4 40®
4 45; pigs, $4(54 40; bulk Of Kales. $4 :17%@4 40.
SHEEP— Receipts, 9000. Stronger. Western
yearlings, $4 75@5 40; Westerns, $4 40®4 S5;
ewes, $"4 20®4 t!0; common and stockers, $2 50®
4 50; lambs, f 5@6 40. .
MISCELLANEOUS MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — Dec. March. May.
Opening ...'. Nom. 7 3Vi 7 3»4
Closing 7 S% . 7 3%
" . PARIS.
Wheat— Dec. Mar. -June.
Opening . ; 23 75 25 00
Closing ...23 80 ,25 05
FIoui: — v
Opening '.. 31 40 32 65
Closing ,; «.; 31 35 32 65
* -: St. £ouis Wool Market.
ST. : LOUIS, Dec. 14.— WOOL— Quiet; ■ firm.
Medium gradee,' combing and clothing, 28@29c;
light fine. l&822c; .heavy fine, 14^>18c; tub
washed, 27@31c. -
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Dec. 14.— WHEAT— Export :
Walla Walla, 81c; bluestem, S5c. Milling:
Walla Walla. Soc; hluestem, 8S@90c; valley.
87c. Eastern basis: Walla Walla, ,83@S5c;
bluestem, 00c. . . . ■ • , . -
WASHINGTON.
TACOMJi, Dec. 14.— WHEAT— Unchanged;
bluestem, «88c; club, 85c.
Northern Business. '
SEATTLE. Dec. 14.— .Clearings, $938,491;
balances, ?1 16,490.
TACOMA. Dec. 14.— Clearings, $585,402; bal
ances, ?38.33<J. , ,
PORTLAND. - Dec. 14.— Clearings, $673,028:
balances. ?fl4,055. i
SPOKaNE. Deo. 14.— Clearings, $508,327;
' balances, ?C5,*57. :'' . ' .
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion. • \
LOCAL. "
Sterling Exchange, . sixty days.. $4 84»4@ —
Sterling Exchange, sight 4 87^4<JJ
Sterling Exchange, cables 4 SS'/i® —
Newi York Exchange; sight.. 1 .. Par @-
N, Y. Exchange, telegraphic. .. 02i^@. —
Silver, per ounce ; 60%@ '
Mexican Dollars .:..:.... 49>^@ 50
INTERNATIONAL..
New York on Paris. .5.15%
New York on .Mexico. 204
l'aris en , London «2."5.1514
Berlin on London ..;.. v. .20.37
VVVheat and 'Other Grains.
WHEAT — The markets continue quiet and
featureless everywhere., Chicago was lc high
er. This market was "eeveral fractions higher
as to futures, but the cash grain was. inactive
and unchanged. ' . , - ■ ■ ■
CASH WHEAT.
California, Club, $1 45<ffl 621q; California
White Australian. $1 «0@l «2>4; Northern
Club. $1 5O©1 52%. with none offering; North
ern Bluestem. $1 60@l 62%; Northern- Red,
$1 47& per ctl. . "■■- • '
- -i • FUTURES.- • ■- -
Session 9. to '11:30. a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 4414 $1 44Ti $1 44Vi $1 44%
December— No sales; $1 43 <i bid.
2 p. m. Session.
May— $1 44 »i bid. $145 asked.
BARLEY— The only thing new is that the
December shorts have been settling since the
first of the month until the original short in
terest of 10,000 tons has been reduced to about
2C0O.tons. /Both cash grain and futures were
llrm' yesterday and the latter were higher
while sellers were generally asking $1 13% for
choice Feed without, however, making any
sales at this -figure.
. CASH ... BARLEY.
Feed. $1 10@l 12 &: Brewing and Shipping,
$1 l5©lilT%; Chevalier. -51 llMgl 20 per ctl.
- • FUTURES.
, Session a. to 11:30 a. .m*
Open. ■"■., High. . Low. Close.
May .$109 $1 CDV4 $109 $1 03Vi
December — No eales; $111V3 bid. . $1 12 -asked.
.- . ' .' 2 p. m. Session. '
May— $1 OOUt. '.■"• - ■•..
Decembei' — $1.12. ' ' ■ : .
OATS — Previous . conditions prevail with
quotations unchanged.- -
White. §1 42VJSJ1 57^: Surprise $1 55®1 «0-
Red for feed. .51 32>i®l 45 for' No 1 ajld
$1 22%@1 o0 for No. 2; extra fine for seed
$1 4*%«1 DO; Black. $1 30(&l 35 for feed and
$1 45(§ 1 O2V4 for.fleed. - . -
CORN— Offertn|;s are slowly increasing as
receipts'- of the * State product are gradually
growing larger, andthe West Is sending In its
regular Installments, and the market shows a
[.downward tendency. Prices, however , remain
unchanged.
•Western sacked, $1 4C@1 45 for Yellow
White' and Mixed;.: California large Yellow'
$1 40®l 45: small round do.-$l'(35@l SO; White'
$14061 45;: Egyptian, $1 35@137tf for White
and $1 17^tl2U for „■ Brown. "
' RYE— $1.40®l 45per ctl. ,'
BUCKWHEAT— $1- 5001 75 per. ctl.
-Flour, and: MillstufTs."
FLOUR— California- Family Extras. '$4 80®
5 10. • usual terms; "Bakers". Extras. $4 700-S;
Oregon and. Washington. Jobbing at $4@4 50
. per bhl.._- ■•■'■ • - . ;
.^MILLSTUFFS— Prices in ' packages are as
follows: Graham Flour.; $3 25 per ; 100 lbs'
Rye Flour?$3,25; Rye. Meal. $3; R| ee . Flour,
$7;:Corn" Meal. V $2 .50; extra cream do. Sr: 60:
Oat Mfal. $4; Oat Groat?,. $4 2.-1: Hominy.
$;» 60g?3.S5;' Buckwheat Flour $4 25- Cracked
Wheat. $3*75: V Farina/ $4; Whole " Wheat
Flour. $3 DO; Rolled Oats. bbls.'JO 75"37 50- In
sacks, $4'25; -Pearls Harley. ' $5; . Split Peas 1
boxes. $550; Green : Peas. $.V 50 per 100 lbs. »'
' TIay..'anti' Fccflstnh"». r .'.;'
' There . Is. 1 no - further, change.- in Feedstuffs.
Hay: continues qulef and weak. • " - .
*, "The circular -of-. Somers'"&: Co. says: '., ' '■■
I ,"Rec?lpts of. Hay have been very , heavy dur
ing the past' we«k." the- total. showing 37Ctt tons
which 'Is ■ the 1- heaviest" amount ; for: the"'pist\
three . months. In .: consequence of ' such • free
arrivals the market has weakened somewhat.
Most everything that is being marketed wa«
purchased by different Hay dealers during the"
summer, and rather than make any loss on.
their purchases they seem Inclined to with
draw them from the market and store them In
'their own. warehouses here in town. From
what we can learn many orders for shipment
have been canceled, so that during the next
two or three weeks It Is very reasonable to
expect light shipments of Hay. As a ru'.e we ,
experience a rather quiet demand during the
holiday season., so we anticipate a very un
interesting state of affairs here until. after the
first qf the ■ year.
"Crop prospects 1 are very encouraging. - bc
that no apprehension need be felt in that di
rection at present. From all appearances the
only thing that can help our market is some
unprecedented demand, and it seems as though
something might materialize In this line
shortly. . Inquiries for lots of Hay ranging
from 2000 to 5000 tons for shipment to the
Orient have been circulated throughout this
market during the past .week, and the inquiry
has been so general that we are compelled to
believe that there must be some need for our
Hay. either for the Japanese or the Russians.
Should cither nation become purchasers in the
San Francisco market the situation may be
I greatly improved here, especially as the, United
Estates Government will receive bids shoitly
for tiSOOtons for shipment to Manila."
BRAN- $20@22 per ton.
MIDDLINGS — $25@28 per ton.
SHORTS— $20*022 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley $24024 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31 50332 50;
Jobbing. $33; Cocoanut Cake, $23@24; Cocofc
1 nut Meal, $24@25; Corn Meal. $31 50tT32:
j Cracked CoAi $32@32 50; Mixed Feed. $22®
'23; Horse Beans, $30@40 per ton; Broom
Corn Feed' 90c per ctl.
HAY — Wheat $9@14 50: Wheat and Oat.
$9@13 50; Oat. "$9@12; Barley and Oat, $8^10;
Volunteer Wild Oat $7@10; stable. $"@10;
stock. $5 50® 7; Clover, $7®10; Alfalfa. $S*S12
STRAW— 35©60c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
There Is nothing new to report In this mar
ket, which continues dull.
BEANS— Bayos $2 5O@3; Pea, $3®3 50;
Butter, $3@3 25'; small White. $3©3 35;
large White $2 40®2 CO: Pink. $2 7503 50;
Red. $4 25@4 50; Lima, $4 10@4 20; Red Kid
neys, $3 50® 4; Blackeyes, $2 50 p*r ctl; Horse
Beans. $1 85<g2 40. .
| SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal— no good
I lots offering; Yellow Mustard 3U®3%c; Flax.
$2@2 75; Canary. 6%c; Alfalfa. 12%®13c;
I Rape, 1%®2%c; Timothy 5%c; Hemp, 3%@
3%c per lb; Millet. 2%®3%c; Broom Corn
; Seed. $20@21 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 75@2 50; Green
Peas. $1;75®2 50 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Ordinary offerings of, river Potatoes continued
to arrive' freely and the market was still dull
; for that line of goods, with a heavy accumu
lation -.in the wharves. Fancy Burbanks of
all descriptions continued to move freely at
w.:ll-mointalned. prices. A carload ot Sweeti
, was on sale. The best lots met with prompt
sale at the top .quotation, while • poor • stock
dragged at Irregular, rates. Onions ruled firm
at the old quotation*. ' . • •
. . Receipts of southern vegetables continued
I light and there was another general advance
In prices well-colored Tomatoes particularly
being firm. Mushrooms were in increased
supply and lower.
; POTATOES — Burbanks from the river. 4C©
! 70c per ctl: Salinas Burbanks, $1 10@l 42% per
■ ctl; Oregon Burbanks 75c<a$l 10 per ctl; River
Reda, 6C@70c per ctl; Sweet Potatoes. 60QS3o
j per ctl. < ■
' ONIONS— $2 40<92 €5 per ctl.
i VEGETABLES— Green Peas. 5-g6c per lb;
I String Beans. C(g7c per lb; Wax Beans. 6®8c;
j Lima Beans. 8c per lb; Tomatoes. $1@1 50 per
I box or crate; Summer Squash, 85c0$l per. box;
Cabbage' 60c per ctl; Carrots. 75c per sack;
Garlic, 4%@5c per lb; Egg Plant, 6@7c per lb
for southern: Dried Peppers, nominal: Green
Peppers. 50#75c per box; Mushrooms. 12%® 25:
per lb;_ Marrowfat and Hubbard Squash. $8@10
| Poultry and Game.
■ The Poultry market had a little better tone.
' with a good movement reported in youn?
: chickens, but as supplies were ample prlcei
:■ showed no Improvement. Dressed Turkeys
were In fair request and firm during the early
trade, but weakened later, in the day. Re
ceipts were a little In excess of thirty case".
] Ga:nf was In good supply and aside from .a
j ileeline in English Snipe there Were no changes
I In prices.
j POULTRY— Dressed ' r Turkeys. 22§24c per
I lb- t,:.V Turkeys. 18@2t)c per lb: Geese, per
1 pair $2@2 25r Goslings, $2 25@2 50: Ducks,
, $5®5 50 per dozen for .old and $<5@6 50 for
! young; Hens. $404 50 for small and $5(g5 50
for large: young Roosters $5(85 50; old Roos
ters, $4ig4 60; Fryers. $4@4 50; Broilers. $2 50
©3 50: Pigeons $1 25; Squab*. $2«f2 CO.
GAME — Mallard Ducks. $2®2 50 per dozen;
Canvasback. $3; Teal. $1@1 25; Sprig, $1 5ltf»
1 75- Widgeon $1@1 25: Red Heads,- $1 50;
small Ducks" $l«gl 23r Gray OH*. . $S@2 50; '
White Geese. . $101 50: Brant.- $1$?2;:-Honk
t-rs $3@5: Snipe, $2 5C<53 for English and $1 50
for' common; Doves $1 25; Hare. $1 50;\Rab
blta, ?2 for. Cottontails and $1 50 for Inrush.
M Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
A steamer from Humboldt arrived" with
fresh supplies of Butter, all of which was.
needed." hence the market continued steady
) at previous prices. ■ Cheese was • also • un
changed. There was nothing especially new in
Eggs, though a brisk demand for fine, ranch
was reported late In the afternoon.
! Receipts were 22.200 fbs Butter. 493 cases
Eggs and* 29,800 lbs Cheese. . ■■■> „
BUTTER — Creamery ' at first hands, 23c
for extras and , 19622c ■ for lower to medium
grades; dairy." 17@i9c; cold storage, nominal;
store Butter. 10@14c; Eastern cubes, nominal;
Eastern ladle-packed, 15@16c.
CHEESE — lltfll%c for choice mild new and
CSlOc for old; c61d storage.'- 10%@llc; Young
Americas 12@12%c: Eastern. _10@15c per lb.
EGGS— Ranch, 36® 40c for good to fancy and
S0®:J5c for common; cold storage, 25@30c;
Eastern 25®2Sc for choice. 22g24c for stand
ards and 10®21c for second*. •
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Dullness still characterized the market for
fresh fruits, trade .blag -of .a hand-to-mouth
character. All grades of Oranges and Apples
were in ample supply, although receipu of the
latter were light. Receipts of . Strawberries
consisted of three chests of Longworths an3
founeen chests of the large . varieties, which
eoUi slowly in a peddling way, the demand
b>-lng limited, as -usual at this time- of the
year. A few -small shipments of Grapes came
in ani"(Bold at a wide range as .to quality, the
tcp cuvlaiion being obtained for a few lots of
choice Cornlchons. Persimmons and Pears
stood as previously quoted.
STRAWBFRRIES — $10 per chest for Long
worths and $4@U for the large varieties.
CRANBERRIES— $9®11 per bbl for East
ern and $2 75@3 per box for Coos Bay.
APPLES— 90c@$l 25 per box for fancy and •
50@S5c for common to ' choice; Lady Apples,
$1 75S2 25 per box.
■PEARS— Winter Nellls. $1 50® 1 75 per box;
•cooking varieties. 50c@$l per box.
PERSIMMONS — 60665c per box.
GRAPES— 65c0$I 25 per crate. .
|: "CITRUS FRUITS — Oranges, Navels. $1@2 per
I box; ■ Seedlings. 75c#$l: Tangerines. 75c for
i small and $1- for large, boxes; . Japanese
Mandarins, $1#1 25 ptr b«: Lemons. $2 50®2 75
for fancy $1 75@2 25 for choice and $1@1 50
for standards; Grape Fruit. $1 7S©2 50; Mexi
can Limes. $4 per ca<e; Bananas. $2@3 per
bunch for Central' American and $1@2 for Ha
waiian; Pineapples, $1 5003 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins, "• Honey.
FRUITS— Apricots. 8@llc for Royals and
| 10gl2%e for Moorparks; Nectarines, «%®7Vae
j for White and 6%@7c for Red; Peaches, 7% &
8%c per lb; Pears 7@12c; Plums, pitted,- «5@;
6%c for blacks, 7%@8Uc for red and 7@S%c
J for 3'ellow; Figs. 2-.crown 'bricks. 60c:3-crown.
56c;- 4-crown, 60c; 6-crown. 65c; bulk white,
2%®3c; black. 2%©5%c; Evaporated Apples,
4%®6%c per lb. . .
| PRUNES— iy 3 @l-74c per lb for the four sizes
and 2%c - basis for the large sizes.
/RAISINS — 1904 crop f. o. "b. Fresno—Im
perial clusters. $2 25@2 50: Dehesa $1 30@
1 35; London Layers. 85c®$l; Loose Muscatels.
4-crown, 5<35 1 / 4c:'3-crown.._4%c; 2 -crown." 30
3%c; Seeded, 4%@6c; Thompson's Seedless,
4V4@4%c; Seedle»s Sultanas, 3iQ5c per lb.
1 NUTS— Walnuts, No.,1 softshell. 12@13c; No.
2. 10@llc; ; No.\ 1 hardshell, 12c; No.- 2, 10c;
Almond«, I6@17c for Nonpareils 14@14%c for
I X L. i3%@14%c for Ne-Plus Ultra and llo
for Languedoc; Peanuts, 0@7c for Eastern; Pe
cans, ll@13c; . Cocoanuts. $4 50@5; Chestnuts, •
84/1' cer lb for Italian.; . ■ :
, HONEY— Comb. ll%@13c for white and 1OS
lie for amber; water white extracted, 5%@«c;
light amber' extracted, 5@5%c; dark, 3@4%c.
BEESWAX— 27©29c per lb. •. ■ . ' .
■ '■- ' ' ■• \. '
Provisions.
...Dullness still prevails everywhere and prices
show no change. '. \ ' ■-, .
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 10%c per lb for:
heavy, - lQ%c ; for light medium. 13c fy light.
14c. for extra light and' 14%c for sugar-cured;
dry Salt -Hides, 10c; Bellies, lie: Eastern su
gar-cured Hams. 12 to 14 lbs. 12%c; -15 to
l«lbs- 1?^; .17 to "20 lbs, ll%c;- California
Hams.- ll%c;> Mess Beef, $10@10 50 per bbl:
extra ■ Mesa $10 SOfflll;: Family, $12@12 50;
prlme> Mess i Pork. $14 50;' extra clear.- $22;
Mees,*$16 60;' Pig Pork, $25; Pigs' Feet. $5;
Smoked -Beef. 14c per lb.' . ' .
j. LARD^ — Tierces quoted \ at 6 He ' per "lb for
California compound. 7c for Eastern compound
and 9c for pure: half -barrels, pure, 9%c; 10
lb tins' 9%c: 5-lb tins; 9%e: 3-lb tins 10o.
- COTTOLENE — One half barrel." 8%c; thiee"
half barrels.' 8%c; one tierce, 8%c; two tierces.
8V4c; five S^c per.lb.-.
'■- Hides, Tallow, Wool ami Hops.
I. HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and-.brands se'.l
[about Hfnc under quotations. ■ Heavy fa'te.l
I Steers". 11c;:medlum,'- 10c: light. 9"i®10cL Cow
Hides. -9%©10c for heavy and -0%O10c. ; for
light ; SUiKS • 7©7%c; Salted ; Kip. lOHe; Salted
Veal. 11®11%c; Raited Calf • ll%@12%e: <iry
Hldesi '17%®18c; dr>- Kip, 15cjdn''Calf.'C0::
Sheepskins. ■*hearllngs; .-25S40C , each; *hor:
Wool, i 50(^750 each;s medium; :OOc(S$l: 10; - long
Wool.«:$l:25@li75;; Hom«( Hides., salt,. $3 . -.for
large and $2 50 for medium ■ $1: 50^2 «f or small
and-SOcifonColts:! Horse Hides.] dry; $1 T5 ; for
large : and $1 50 > for mfedlum.'- $1 ■. for ■ small; , 50e'
for Colts." • Buck" Mexican.', :50c:*' dry
v. salted •- Mexican, '- 25c : - dry. ■ •. Central . American.'.
-' 30c; » Goat Skins — Prinfc Angoras,"- 75c; w extra
'■ "■■' '.: . / ■■:•■; ■ ',/;■•• ■ • ' - ;-".^ ", !
large do $1 25; large SOc: medium. 35c;
small 20c. v .
TALLOW— Xo. I , rendered 4©*%c per lb.
No. 2. 3%c:. Grease. 2%@3c. •
■ v WOOL — Fall clip— San Joaquln and S-suth
era, 9(&llc; Southern. ' S&Oc; Southern Moun
tain. 9@llc; Middle Counties, free. 12«14c.
do defective. 10@12c; "Northern free. 12014a.
do, defective 10© 12c; Humboldt and Merdo«
cino. 16@18c per lb.
HOPS— 1904 crop; 26©29c per lb; 1905 crop.
17%eiSc: 11__1__
r 3Ieat .Market. ;
Th« packers and | butchers continue to report j
th.e demand for. stock very light. - : ,
■ \' ' DRESSED MEATS.
, Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealer*
are as follows: I
! BEEF— 6@7c for Steers and 4%®6c per lb 1
for Cows. -
VEAL— Large. 6%@9c; small. 8«9c per lb.
i MUTTON— Wethers, 7g8c; Eves, 6%C7%c
per lb.
LAMB— 8%«9%c per Jb. ' >
: PORK— Dressed Hogs, . 6%©8%c per lb.
~ LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good sound
Livestock delivered In San Francisco, less 4O4J>
.45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
, CATTLE— Steers. 7 %@7%c: Cows and Heif
ers. 5%@«%c; thin Cows 4#5c per lb.
CALVES — 4@4%c per lb <gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3%63%c : Ewes. 3«3%c
1 per lb t srors weight) ■
I LAMBS— $2 50©2 75 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 200 to 250 lbs, 4%«MT4c;
130 to 200 lbs. 535%c; 80 to 130 lbs. 4 ! S'S«%e;
soft Hogs, not wanted; Sows. 20 per cent off;
Boars. 50 per oent off. and Stags. 40 per cent
. off from above quotations. .
I General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain' Bags. 5%@5%c spot and 6Q
6%c for next year; Wool Bags, 30®32c; Fleec*
i Twine. 7%c.
i COAL— Wellington. $« per ton; New Wel
lington. $8; Seattle. |8 50; Bryant, -$8 50;
1 Beaver Hill. $5 30; Roslyn. $7- \ Coos Bay.
$5 50: . Richmond. $8; Cumberland. *$13 In bulk
and $14 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite
Egg. $14; Welsh Anthracite Egr S13; Welsh
Lump. Ill 50; Cannel, $9 per ton: Coke. Ill SO
5213 per ton In bulk and (15 in sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions, |8 50 per short ton.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for ca«es
add 6c: Linseed. 55c per gallon for boiled and
53c for raw; Castor OH. In cases. No. 1 70c; ■
Bakers' AA. cases. $1 10Q1 12; LucoL
60c for boiled and 4Sc for raw; '
. China Nut. cases, 65®80c per gallon; Cocoanut
Oil, In barrels. 68c for Ceylon and 5Sc for
Australian; extra bleached winter Sperm Oil. !
[68c; natural winter Sperm Oil. tCc; extra
' bleached winter Whale Oil, 57c; natural What*
Oil. 62c; extra winter strained ' Lard Oil 75c;
No. 1 Lard Oil. 65c; pure Neatsfoot Oil" 73.?; :
No. 1 Neatsfoot OH. 63c; light Herring Oil. i
42c; dark Herring Oil, 40c; Salmon Oil.* 34c; ;
boiled Fish Oil, 37c; raw Fish Oil. 35c; boiled
Paint OU. 33c; raw Paint Oil. 31c.
COAL Oil* — Water White Coal Oil in bulk.
13c; Pearl Oil. in cases. 19%c; Astral 19%c;
Star, 19%c; Extra Star, 22%c; Elaine. 28c;
Eocene. 21 %c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline. In
bulk. 16c; In cases, 22%e; Benzine In bulk.
13c; in cases. I9%c; 86-degree Gasoline, la
bulk, 25c; In cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE^ — 75c per gallon In 'cases and
69c in drums and iron barrels^ .V. ■
RED AND WHITE LEAD— %ed Lead, 7%©
7%c per lb; White Lead." 7% ©!%>.: according
to quantity. • . 3 • ..^.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar ReflnlAg Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100- ib bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed 6.23c;
Powdered. 6.10c; Candy Granulated 6.10c- Dry
Granulated, fine, 6c; Dry Granulated, coarse.
6c: Fruit Granulated. 6c: Beet Granulated
(100-lb bags only). 6.90c; Confectioners" A 6c; i
Magnolia A. 5.60c; Extra C. 5.50c; Golden C
5.40c; • > D." 5.30c; barrels, 10c more; half I
.barrels, 25c more: boxes, 5Oc more: 50- lb bags.
10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half barrels!
6.50c: boxes. 6.73c; H. & E. Crystal Domlnos,
9c per lb. No orders taken for less than sev
enty-five barrels or Its equivalent.
. . .
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY. DECEMBER 14.
Flour, qr sks.. BSSlUme bbls 91
Wh»at. ctls ... »20| Leather, rolls .. 19S
Barley, ctls . . . 1.502 Sugar ctls 1.900
Oats, ctls 459 Pelts, bdls 673
Corn, ctls 1,095. Hides No ....... 699
Tallow, ctls ... 326| Hay. tons ..... 260
Paper, rolls ... 1,270) Feed sks 443
Quicksilver, flks 12 1 Wool, bales a
Raisins, bxs .. 750 Hops, bales 90
Brandy, gals .. 3.300 Onions sks .... 50
Wine, gals 138,350 Potatoes sks .. 4,7«3
Broomcorn, bdls CO; Beans sks 713
WESTERN.
Corn, ctls . 1. 7811
STOCK MARKET.
Tonopah Stocks Active, but the Others
Quiet.
Yesterday was anolher very dull day on the
Stock and Bond Exchange and variations were
few and narrow. Alaska Packers was weaker
In -me forenoon at $91 82%. but sold back to
$92 in the afternoon. California Wine was
somewhat higher at $81. There was very little
doing In the sugar group. . , ■
The mining stocks were generally weak and
Ophlr sold from $3 75 back to $3 35, the fig
ure from which' the recent advance started
some days ago, and the other Comstocka were
■ weak In sympathy. Th*re was a very good
volume of trading in the Tonopahs. but quota
tions showed no sharp variations. The oil
stocks continued quiet.
The Hanford Sanger Oil Company has levied
an assessment of lc. delinquent January 9;
California Combined Oil on* of 2c. January 8.
Oil City Petroleum has declared | a dividend.
No. lC. of %« per share, amounting. to $2500.
payable January 2; Twenty- Eight Oil Com
pany, 'dividend No. 13. of 15c per share,
amounting to $0000, payable January 2.
The Alaska Packers' Association has de
clared the regular monthly dividend of 75c per
share, payable December 28.
The Western Union- Telegraph Company has
declared a regular quarterly dividend of 1*4
per cent. Dayable January 16.
The Cypress Lawn Improvement Company
has declared the regular quarterly dividend of
10c p£r share, payable December 17.
There* were' sales of 175 shares of Interna
tional Banking Corporation at $150 and 50 at
$150, in New Yerk December 7. . ? ' . .
The California-street Cable Railroad Com
pany paid a regular monthly dividend of 75c
per share yesterday.
The Mobile Carriage Company of San Fran
cisco has levied an assessment of 15c per share,
delinquent January 10.
At the regular annual meeting of the stock
holders of the Mutual Electric Light Company
the following dlVectors were re-elected: H. H.
Taylor, E. W. Runyon. W. R. Summerhayej
and James Fl*her. T. R. Henshelwood was
elscted a director to fill a vacancy In the board.
H. H. Taylor was elected president. s W. R.
Summerhayes vice president and James Fisher
secretary. -
The directors of the Alaska Packers* Asso
ciation arc sending a circular to the share
holders, reviewing the business of the corpora
tion and setting forth the plans for reorganiza
tion already published. Of th" proposed new
issue of stock, 10.CH.0 of the 12.000 shares have
already been , mbecribed for at par by a few
of the larger stockholders, subject to the en
tire issue being offered to all the stockholders
on the same terms and in proportion to th»tr
hoMlnjtp. Stockholders -are entitled to sub
scribe for the new issue of 12,000 shares in
the proportion of one share to evtry four shares
Of the old stock, payments to be made In four
installments on February 1. 1905. MarcJi 1.
April 1 and May 1. The $2,000,000 bonds are
to be. Issued March. 1. 1903. They are to b«
15-year B p«r cent gold bonds, secured by
trust deed They have . all been sold, subject
to ratification of the reorganization plan by
the stockholders at the meetings to be held on
January 17.
STOCK AND BOXD EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY. Dec.. 14— 2 p. ro.
UNITED STATES BONDS. .
Bid. Ask. Bid.. Ask. :
4s qr coup..lO?-%10rt*<i 4s qr cp new.131 1311*
4s qr reg...lO5%103% 3s qr coup. ..104«104*i
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. .
Ala A W 5a. — — Oak T Co 6s.l2Os
Asso Oil 5s. 84 8S Do 5s .....113 114H
Bay CPC Bs.101 102 Do con 5s. 104 —
Cal C G 5s.lO3 . — Oceanic S 5s. — 73
Cal G & E g Om Cable 6s. — . 124
m & ct 5e. — — Pac G Im 4s. — —
Cal-st C 5s.ll4 — P E Ry 5s.. 104% _
C C Wat 5s. — W IP A C H 6f,104 —
PdL & P 6s. — - 128 . P * O R ear — —
& C H 6s.ll5t4 — Powell. st 8s. — —
Gearv-st 5s.. 85 Sac EGAR.1n.10n 10H4
HC*S 5^1.105 — SF A SJV5s,110*s —
Do 5s 10O*a01 Sierra R 6». — —
Hon R T 6s.lOfti4 — S P of A 6s
L A Elec 5s. 104 V4 — t «909> 109«4 —
L A Ry 58..116 117 f .(1910) .....110H —
E A L Co 6a — — IS P of C 6s
Do gtd «s. — — , K <19(1R)Sr A. 101 101X4
Do gtd 5s.lO4 — j <inOBlSr B. — 103%
LAP lem 5i.lM- — HflOflV 1C4*, —
Mkt.stC6B.Il8 — O012) ;....114H —
Do lem 5«.118 117 ISPC I Cj-5n.- -^
■ MVA-MtT5s.ins 110 I Do «tampd. — ' 10AU
'NRR of.C6s.106S — IS P-B R 6s. tW 138
Do 5s- ....— — IS V Wa* «a.104X4 —
N P C R 5s.lO5^ — I".. Do '4s Jdm.100^ _
N CRy 5«.. — — I Do 4s"Adm. «>Vi — •
N C PCh."- ' — I Dp r-mtir49 Kt\ —
N S R R .is. 09 101 |S»Vn G^Ef^. ftt —
OO LAH '»■.'— HO IU G'* F. 5s.M2l^ —
O W gtd 5s. — 100 IUR of SF 4s. 87% —
\ .. .'WATER STOCKS.
Contra -Costa 25 — [Port Costa... — —
Marln Co — : 51141s V Wat Co. 3»«4 —
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L A P. 3% A.K'S'F C A E. 55% 56H
Mutual E L.- 10 JmtPtkn O ft-Ei — 5*4
Pac L Co.:; — rov,|u (I « ; E Co. — —
INSURANCE.*, ' '
Flr'em's ' Fnd. -4 310 I
■>■.'. ;-.\; BANK STOCKS. •"
Am XtlBk.. — 130 |L p A A... .152 ' —
Anglo- Cal -..vR7 .tK>" iMer Trust.... — 230
Bank'of C«»1.40O '425 ;IMerch Kx.... 50 —
C»l Safe Dp.152 T IS F National — —
First Nationl — — I
-,.: SAVINGS BANKS.'
GerS A L.233Q — [Sav ft L So.. — iro .
HumS'&L. :— - — [Sec. Sav Bk..,— 424 '
-Mutual -Sav. K0. LUhtonT- Co. .'— 3300
S-F.Sav U.610 675 I* : ■ • ■ • ' -
•- STREET. RAILROADS. ,
.California '..200 — (Presidio ..... — 41
Geary ....'..:—; -.40 ,, I
AUCTION SALES
£* 50 — 50 £&
AUCTION SALE
50 HEAlToTliORSES
WelBhinc frcrn 1100 to 1400.
BROKEN AND HALTER BROKEN.
These horses are yotine. blccky bultt and
suitable for *1! punxses.
From FRANK ADAMS' RANCH. MER-
RILL, OREGON.
Sale Take* Plac» THURSDAY EVENING.
- DEC. 15. 1004. at 1:45. . -. -
At falesyard. 1732 MARKET gT.'^
Horses at yard Tuesday. Send for catalogue.
FRED H. CHASE A CO..
Succ««*ors 10 Kllllp.A Co..
' Livestock Auctioneers.
TO ADVERTISERS.
Owing to the large
amount of work incident to
the issue of THE CALL
HOLIDAY EDITION,
SUNDAY, DEC. 18, NO
DISPLAY ADVERTIS-
ING copy will be accepted
for that edition after 6
P. M. Saturday, and NO
CLASSIFIED Ads after o
P.M.
GET YOUR COPY IN
EARLY.
POWDER.
Giant 63 «3H|Vicorlt 8 *%,
SUGAR.
Hawaiian C. 73% 74H'M*kaweII C. 83 S3H
Honokaa S C 17^ 19 |Onom«* S C. 32 S2fc
Hutch S P C 11*4 IS IPaauhau S C. 20*4 «1
Kllaue*. S C. — 0 )
, MISCELLANEOUS. \\i'S
Alaska P A. 92% 9* 'Oceanic SO. 6 «%
Cal F C A. — MHIPac Aux FA. 4% ~
Cal Wine A. fil^ f>& I Pac C Borx. — 157%
MV* MtTm. 95 102 |p»c S TeJ CalOI —
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board — ■ ,
5 Alaska Parkers' Association... 91 «H4
200 Paauhau 8 P Co.. Jl 00
60 Paauhau S P»Co. b 10 21 CO
* 10 6prinsr Valley Water Co 39 1ZH
$l.C0O 8 P of Artxona (18C9) 109 60
$1,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. 88 00
Street —
J 50 California Wine Association. .. 81 00
$3.000, Pacific Electric Ry- 5 per cent.. 105 00
$5,000 8 P of Arizona (1J>00> .10© SO
Afternoon Session.
Board — ;.-J- / <■'- ' :■ ■■'. ;
10 Alaska Packers' Association..: 92 M
35 Makawell 32 SO
6 Makawell 32 37»4
50 a F Gas & Electric MOO
C Spring Valley Water Co 39 12^
$1,CCO Cal Gas AElGMACTSa. MOO
$1,000 Pacific Electric Ry 5 per cent.. 105 00
$2.C0O Spring Valley 4s <2d mtge). ..1C0 25
$1.CCO Unjted R K of 3 F 4 per cent. 88 00
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask' Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC «•. — lOOHlSF £ NP 5S.112H —
B L Wat «s. — .114V4IS P C R 4s. — 00
Cal NW 5s.. — 113VS P Co 4^s. 99%100H
M C Wat 5s.lOO — !Sun Tel fs...ll4H —
Rl» I Wk!>5s — 1C3 f Do 5a 10« —
SF Drdk 5s. 112 — !9attr-sf R5s.l04 —
' MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co. .. 23>>i — {Mat Nav Co. 70 —
Amer Bis Co — 90 |Nev Nat Bk.20O 2W
Cal Cot Mils SO — N Cal P Co. — »H
Cal G&ECor. 49% SO^Oak Bk Sav.l2f> —
C Jockey CL110 — |Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cal Powder.. 130 143 HOOF Hall A «V, —
Cal Ship Co. — 21 lOrpheum Co. — , 18>4
Cal T I A T — 155 (PacC Cas Co.125 —
C«fn Bk. Oak 6O 67HPac Sur Co.lC5 —
Chutes Co .. — 6 iParaf Paint.. 39 —
City A C Bk — 12O \d F. Drydock «l
Crp L. Imp.. — BUSFASJ Coal. 17V, 20
East Dynm.. — 375 Is J Wat Co.t03»4 —
DotPwd com 40 50 ! SO A MTwbt.125 —
FN BK. Oak.120 — 'Swigs-A Bk.,120 —
Ftscher Thtr — lUITruck Elect..—, 12U
Frnch-A Bk.108 — ICnion Sug Co — 31
Hono P Co..— 31 IUR InC pfd.. 65 —
Do pool . . 2* 31 I Do Com ... IT —
Lon& SF Bk 55 — I
SALES.
Afternoon Session. >
Street —
70 Cal Gas A Elec Corp SO 00
California Stock and Oil Exchange.
SALES.
Morntnr Session.
Board —
1000 Associated OH Trust Certificates.. JT
"in Associated Oil Trust Certificates.. 26
1000 Oil City Petroleum «1
1000 Occidental OU . 08
50 Cariboo OH .' 5 75
10O Home Oil 41
Afternoon Session.
Board —
300 Occidental Oil 08
1 3O Monte CrUto OH 17*4
300 Reed Crude Oil 2 10
Srt<> Four Oil ' 6"
15O Caribou Oil ..' « 00
1000 Forty Oil Co 4O
1434 Associated OU Trust Certificates.. 28
BOO Independence Oil 31
600 Chicago Crude Oil 20
$3000 Associated OU Co bonds ...... 89 00
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session — Comstocks.
100 Best ft Belch.l 151 ISO Ophlr 3 SO
1C0 Con Cal & V.I 95! 250 Ophlr 3 73
tCO Con Cal A V.I 80j ICO Potosi ...' IT
300 Exchequer ... 45 3C0 Scorpion 13
100 Gould A Cur. 241 400 81erra Nrr. ... 81
1C0 Mexican I 30| 600 Union Con,... 61
100 Mexican -1 33l SCO Utah ......... OT
Afternoon Session — Comstocks.
100 Caledonia ..« 231 SCO Savage ...... 25
10O Chollar *- 25 2CO S erra Ner.... 48
1«> Oould * Car. 231 30© Sierra N«v.... 49
400 Mexican ... . .r SO- S«O SlWer Htll.i.-. «O
«c.O Ophlr 3 COt 40O Union Con .... 88
200 Ophlr 3 «S1 200 Telknr Jacket. 15
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid. Ask. \ Bid. Ask.
Alow 00 lllJulla ..;. 07 09
Alta ... C5 C«I Justice 08 10
Andes""" 21 23!K«nraea- ©1 02
Belcher 21 22iL«dy Wash . . 02 0*
lUt & Belchll OS I ISfMexlcan 1 25 1 3O
Bullion 22 2*'Occldental ...W-»
Caledonia .... 43 44!Ophlr 8 35 3 43
Challenge ... 11 WiOrennan 0J> 10
Cho'lar ..... M 24 Potosi ........ 15 18
Confidence ... 80 R5'Scorplon 12 14
Con Cal A V.I 73 1 W>!Sava«« 23 24
Con Imoerial. M O3!Ses; Belcher... 04 W
ron jj Y 03 04!SIht» Nev.... 47 49
Crown Point.. 13 t4)SUver Hill.... 59 «1
Eureka Con.. — SOrst. Louis .... — 07
Kxrbrqu»r ... 43 45 : Syndicate .... 20 24
E Sierra Nev OS AStTTnlpn Con .... M 37
C«Mild A Cur. 23 24'Utah 0« . 0T
Hale A Norc.l 00 1 05! Yellow Jacket. 13 18
TONOPAH AND GOLDFIELD BTOCKS.
Morning Srasion.
10O Kendall . 22! 2C0 Ton X Star... 23
200 Mont Ton ...1 7fl
Afternoon Session.
500 Brunswick ... Ill 500 'Kendall ...... 2*
1(XH> Columbia 21I1COO MacNamara .. 2%
2CO OoMfleld W>! 100 Mont Ton ..1 T21<
7(V> Doldfleld »... 82! SCO Sandstorm ... 41
■ 5«"iO Jumbo ...".... «V 500 Ton Belmont.. Tl
450 jumbo sol . ;;v j
CLOSrMG QUOTATIONS.
* Tonopah.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Ton of NeT..9 37 9 «2t Rescue ." 08 07
Mont Ton ...1 70 r 75lTon * Cat .— •■-.. 1«
Ton Exten ..2 55 —I Ray A O'Brien ..04 C8
MacNamara . 23 2»|Mtepah Ex . . 12 —
Ton Midway.. 3* 33! Paymaster C3 04
Ton Belmont.. 71 JS 1^"' Ton .. — |?»
Ton N Star... 23 23 Baperania .... ,01 C2
Ton Ohio .... 20 23lOol<J^ Anchor., .20 _
West End ... 11 18'0ufncy 11 —
Ton Gold Mt. 14 WIN T Ton Con. — 11
GoIdfleUI.
Sandstorm... 40 «!Oaklan4 ...... 25 Srt
Red Top 1« KIJBIack Butt« .. — 2O
GoldflMd Mhk 14 151 Booth OM.. —.13
Columbia .... 20 22 Bhje Bull ... 15 —
DiamondfWld. — 27 Adams ....... TO ._
Jumbo ....... «» — iSllver PH:k ... 1~. —
Jumbo rx .. 20 . 2?|M«y fjueen . . 18
Vernal Mln .. 1? 14!Nevsda Boy. . , 17 —
P»nn«vlvanla 22 — (Orlgr Bulirrcg. — 12
Kmdall 21 22!Bullfro* Mtn.. 59 —
Goldfleld, 79 SOt
' TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
■' FoUowlns; were the sale* on the- San Fran
cisco and Totipwh MtninT Exchange yesterday:
Mrrnlns: 8-swloru"'- .- \;' t ."■
325f> Bullf»5t Mln. 5S12CCC NY Ton Con. 12
150f' Dixt» Mln ... 20*11. (TO Rescue- ...... «1«
ifitC* Free Gold M. • 15 W* Sandstorm, ... 40
1CT0 GoldfleM Dmd 2i|lCr^ Sour Ma*h ..." 10
300 Gofdfield Mln. 75-" son Ton B»lmont-. .73
45OO MacNamara • 2»! 7CO Ton Go'd ; Vt." l«".
25C0 Red Top 17I400O Ton Gold- Mt. 13
Continued on P»ge Fourteen.
1516
JUST A LITTLE
WAR OF WORDS
Attorney Treadwell Answers
Lawyer Fitzgerald in the
Contra Costa Water Matter
ATTACKS THE PLEADING
Counsel "Thanks Heaven"
That He Doesn't Know
Anything About Oakland
R. M. Fitxgsrald, counsel fof the city
of Oakland In the suit brought by the
Contra. Costa Water Company, was
moved yesterday to make a rejoinder
to certain remarks of W. B. Treadwell
of the counsel for the water company,
who was attacking * the validity, and
sufficiency- of tbe city's answer. . •
Mr. Fitzgerald said that the case had
been turned over from one lawyer to
another attorney who knew nothing
about the case except what' he ■' had
seen in the papers filed in court, "and
he Jumps all over the case ignoring the
citations of authorities that we have
made," he added. "We insist; that these
answers are full-and sufficient."
Mr. Treadwell made the facetious re
ply: "In one respect the counsel is un
doubtedly right, and -that is when he
says that-I-don'*.-know-a«ythlng about
the case except what I saw in the pa
pers on file. It is true that that is
all I know about it, and that is all
that the master in chancery Is permit
ted to know about it. The gentlemen
on the opposite side seem to know a
good deal about the case from their
inner consciousness and. from conver
sations which they have had with c«*e
another, but, unfortunately for them,
this case is not going to be decided by
those things. It is true, also, that I
don't know anything about Oakland,
and I thank heaven that I don't."
After this gentle sidewinder Mr.
Treadwoll resumed his argument to
Ehow Master in Chancery Heacock
that the answers filed by the city
should be stricken out for insufficiency.
TO ADVERTISERS.
Owing to the large
amount of work incident to
the issue of THE CALL
HOLIDAY EDITION,
SUNDAY, DEC. i8. NO
DISPLAY ADVERTIS-
ING copy will be accepted
for that edition after 6
P. M. Saturday, and NO
CLASSIFIED Ads after o
P. M.
GET YOUR COPY IN
* EARLY.
IX5RI.VG WILL ADMITTED— Ju<Jpe Mu
rasky has admitted the will of Emma K Lor
ing to rrobate and dismissed the contest
brcught by Johanna Reader, who claimed that
the testament had been canceled In October
1 895. The court found that Mrs. Lorlng was
insane £t that dajte and not competent to can
cel the win. The estate is worth more than
f 10.000 and Martin Reeensburgtr was ap
pointed administrator with bonds of $2000.
New Shoe House in San Francisco.
It is reported that the Peters Shoe Com
pany of St. Louis Is on the lookout for
high grade coast shoe m^i with a view of
organizing an energetic coast campaign,
with headquarters at San Francisco. This
company operates four large factories in
St. Louis and has attracted a great deal
of attention this year throug-h its model
factory at the World> Fair.
DAMAGED BT EXPLOSION*.— Walter H.
L.!nforth yesterday sued the 6an Francisco Gas
and Electric Company for $10,800 damages for
the demolition of the lower portion of the
front of his sevpu flats at 1400 to 1410 Wash
lncton street. He charges that the pipes and
meters put in by the company were defective
end on November 18. because of leakage, an
explosion occurred which blew out the front
of tbe basement and damaged the remainder
cf tbe ttructures.
Fall hats. 1904. just arrived, nobbier
than ever. Tom Dillon & Co.. opp Palace.*
RESIDENTS WANT LIGHT.— The Univer
sity Mound and Bay View Improvement Club
fca* petitioned the Supervisors to place electric
arc lights at corners on Dwight. Woolsey.
Holyoke. Crane and I streets, and
Eighteenth and Twenty-seventh avenues,
south, owing to the building of new homes In
the district.
Have It printed by Edward Knowles Com-
F8xy, 24 Second ' street, near Market, •
TO INSPECT RESTAURANT KITCHENS.—
Health Officer Ragan has directed Inspectors
Lydon and Derfaam to Inspect the kitchens
of restailrants in - this city, it having been
learned that some of them' are in bad condi
tion.' On the report of the Inspectors action
will be taken. to compel owners to remedy the
conditions.*
€A3H0RA-LimE-AT-A
J2JSA. UTIFUIs \ g
ODD PAHLOM PIECES }W^^^M'
An odd chair or rocker will « S'^^S Mife^
make one of the nicest Christmas
presents you could make to your J JJT- ,"™j^] ' Wf
friends. ' We. have some of the § )(
most artistic goods in this line *^&?&^itti3Z& .'
ever shown here and will take -®,^^^^T| !
\ special pleasure in showing them \ R g* - >™"~'^HL B ' x
to you at any lime you find it con- \^ 'jfesslliiisf&p x
venient to call. Don't hesitate \^T^^ " J "^^^K /
about buying; we wilf make
terms to suit you and give you
lower prices than anywhere . in . this . city. We don't
pay . rent— that's how we can do it. "
Special sales every evening until. Christmas.
TJf£ OLDEST 'jLMD MOST AEUABLB flWfITl/Jl£ JfOVJt 'ctYy*
S WINDLERS TWO
COME TO GRIEF
Held to Answer 1for Working
AmtflqiLiie Half I interest Game
THEIR VICTIMS ARE SIX IN NUMBER
From the testimony adduced in the
prosecution of H. E. .Whitehouse and
J. S. Strasburg, accused of obtaining
money by false pretense, and commit
ted to the Superior Court by Police
Judge Fritz, It appeared that their de
vice for entrapping unsophisticated in
vestment-seekers was reflective of both
ingenuity in the planning, and audacity
in the operation. - It . consisted of a
stereopticon advertising screen that
nightly commanded the attention of
persons passing No. 722 Market, street,
and it was instrumental in separating
no less than six confiding ruralists
from $300 apiece before its manipulators
were arrested.
Among the victims of the scheme
was Herman SkilJman of San Jose, who
was induced to purchase a half-in
terest by Strasburg representing to
him that about $500 a month was
cleared from the advertisements dis
played, said representation being sup
ported by a display of contracts which
subsequently turned out to be bogus.
After his purchase Mr. Skillman as
cended to the roof of . the building
atop of which the- screen was stretched,
and thpre found Daniel Mack of Oro
ville, also asserting a proprietary in
terest in the enterprise. Mr. Skill
roan wanted to know what business
Mr. Mack had on the roof, and Mr.
Mack retorted by ordering Mr. Skill
rr.an to descend to the street. In the
language of both gentlemen while
testifying before Judge Fritz, "one
word borrowed another" and fistic
combat was imminent when Mr. Mack
averted it by producing the bill of sale
which entitled him to a half interest
in the screen and Its . appurtenaces.
When a similar document. was shown
by Mr. Skillman the fellow victims
shook hands and swore reprisal upon
their common deceivers. So they had
Messrs. Whitehouse and Strasburg ar
rested and charged as hereinbefore re
lated, and 1 the police succeeded in find
ing four other men each • of whom
fondly imagined he owned one-half of
the proceeds of. the screen.
The defendants are on the best side
of thirty, and the police say that ere
their trial is called in the upper court
the prosecution will have heard from
several other counties.
Resultant of a special order 'Issued
by the Chief of Police to his patrolmen
there were on each of the four calen
dars several cases in which the charge
was that of expectorating upon the
sidewalk, and by strange coincidence
each of the four prosecuting attorneys
remarked that men who expectorate fn
public places ..cannot expect to rate as
gentlemen. - Some of tne, defendants
were dismissed and others were given
twenty-four . hours' imprisonment. It
is understood that the anti-splttlng
crusade was inaugurated in compliance
with . request of the Outdoor Art
League, ) an ' organization of public
spirited ladies whose aim is the beauti
ficatlon .of >San Francisco's streets.
For, robb$ri£ a Kearny street store
ADVEKTISEMEXTS.
BY JA3IES C. CRAWFORD.
Frank McCormick and "Will Jam. "White
were remanded to the Superior Court
by Judge Conlan, with bail in each
case set at $1000.
• a •
Ed La 'Pierre, accused of pilfering
towels from the Hotel Lanpham, ex
plained that he was not a "bell-hop,"
as alleged by the prosecuting police
man, but an elevator boy, and then
Judge . Cabaniss, in consideration of
the youth having had so many ups and
downs, fined him $20 instead of send
ing him to Jail 'for "petty larceny. It
was a great day for jokes.
Minnie Parfltt, accused of cobbing
Peter Koulourites of $35 at or about 2
o'clock last Sunday morning in his
apartment at 827 Howard street, pro
fessed ability to prove an alibi if she
were permitted to summon witnesses,
who would incidentally testify to the
excellence of her character. At the
time., .of the alleged robbery, she
averred, a gentleman was swinging her
through the intricacies of the "bunny
two-step" in a Pacific street dance hall,
whereof .she is the acknowledged stellar
attraction. This could be proved, she
said, if the court would subpena Miss
May Vernon, one of her Terpsichorean
associates; Leo, the accordionist; Lar
sen, the floor manager, and Billy, the
barkeep. Judge Mogan ordered that
subpenas issue as suggested.
Miss Parfitt's male . consort, regis
tered as Bob Parfltt, was arrested for
vagrancy, and the court is considering
his claim that he is a professional
washer of carriages. i
Katie Synfy, the terrible Turk who
.resisted arrest for fast driving, was
fined $50 by Judge Conlan, and in de
fault of paying the same was sent to
jail for as ' many days. Mr. Syrlfy's
belligerency had wilted under the in
fluence of prison fare and confinement,
and he was personified meekness when
his sentence was pronounced.
Sadie Williams, 17 years of age and
very pretty, was charged with incorri
gibility by her mother, a comely ma
tron, whose physical charms were en
hanced in .effectiveness by stylish and
costly .apparel. . She informed.. Judge
Fritz that > the girl evidently preferred
loitering on the Barbary Coast : to en-
Joying . the comforts ■, of • an excellent
home and deriving the; benefits of ma
ternal example and precept. . No, she
did not desire to have the wayward one
sent to a reformatory, but would like
to have the court' compel her to go to
work in a. factory.
, "May I ask," remarked the Judge,
eying the complainant's garb, "how
you obtain a livelihood?"
"Indeed, you may," was the smiling
response. "I have wealthy relatives , in
Humboldt County."
"And their bounty supports you?"
"Well, I might as well tell you that
I have a husband, Mn Folsom, a barber
by trade and Sadie's stepfather, and
I'm sure he's just as eager as I am that
she should go to work." '
'"From what you tell me," said his
Honor, "I don't think It would be ex
actly just to force this young girl, to
earn her living in a factory. - Why
don't you send her to your wealthy rela
tives in- Humboldt County? Don't you
think there would be a better chance
of reforming her character in the coun
try than in a factory? '
.Mrs. Folsom meditatively surveyed
her. patent leather shoetlps ere she ac
quiesced. Then the . Judge continued
the case until next Wednesday, advis
ing the mater to communicate with her
opulent relatives in the meantime.
Frank Gullixson and Joshua ,Kap
kin, neither of whom has attained
man's estate, were . charged before
Judge Cabanlss With robbing Henry
Dunbar, residing at 24 Fourth'street,
of, $300 last Tuesday night in the no
torious Midway Plaisance . on Market
street. There was little or no I evi
dence to sustain the complaint, how
ever, and Prosecuting Attorney Han
ley after requesting Judge Cabanlss to
order a dismissal announced his inten
tion to notify the Police Commission
of the fact that boys of tender years
were . permitted to ■ frequent the Mid
way Plaisance and - that the liquor
license held" by the proprietor thereof
should be revoked.- So the two lads
were discharged: and reprimanded for
spending their nights in. sinful places.
Miss Belle Benton, tall and cos
tumed with academic plainness, was
fined $10 for selling a drink of whisky
to a disguised policeman who visited
her unlicensed refectory in a Mason
street apartment house. .Another
woman, who was, arrested at the same
time and place and -booked" on the
same charge', obtained a dismissal,
and .Miss Benton might "have : been
similarly. treated if she had not haunt
ed- the court corridor, and' boastfully
hinted | that ' her acquittal was ' as • good
a*5 assured : through. the influence of a
gentleman friend of hers, who had
promised'to speak to Judge Mogan^in
her behalf. - More than that; sne : per
mitted her impatience to • override , her
discretion- by impelling her-' to; invade
the .'Judge's chamber, and impudently
ask; if her -gentleman .friend had not
been heard from -/or; if she was ex
pected to: dawdle; away the remainder
of her. life awaiting .; discharge and re
coveryJof the • monw -. she had ' put »up
as bail. She poutell both disappoint-
THE SAN FRANCISCO fCALU THURSDAY, DECEMBER - 15; 1904.
CONFLICT KEEN AS DOLBEER
CASE D RAWS TO A CLOSE.
Belated Effort to Obtam ■ < ]
MissWMren Statement
Last Testimony Will Be Offered by
/ Johnson Next Monday. ' ;
With a hot clash of the lawyers over
an Amsuccessful attempt of the con
testant to make Miss Etta Marion
Warren, a witness in his behalf, the
Introduction of testimony in the Dol
beer will contest \ ' all but' came, to a
close yesterday after an > unusually
lively day. Judge Coffey granted the
request of the contestant for an'ad
journment till Monday in order that a
deposition, taken in New York early
In the week, may be, produced, and
also to give . counsel opportunity _to
prepare their arguments, which will
begin'as soon as the belated testimony
is disposed of. . ..-
The deposition is 'that of "' a man
named Armand, who says that he saw
Bertha Dolbeer climb through the win
dow on the ninUt floor of the Waldorf-
Astoria Hotel and Jump to her death
in the airshaft. He had gone to the
hotel to visit a woman relative 'who is
employed there, and inasmuch as his
presence was in violation of the rules
of the Waldorf ," he ran away and did
not wait to render assistance. Because
of the trouble that he -might occasion
the woman he went to call on, Armand
explains, ha" was reluctant to ; come
forward with his testimony, although
he was the only person who, as he
claims, was a witness to the fatality.
It is by no means certain that Judge
Coffey will admit Armand's deposition
at this late day. . Counsel are expected
to have another of their keen' disputes
on the law of evidence when the "docu
ment is offered. In any event this
deposition is all that stands in the way
of the final struggle before the Jury,
when" counsel will loose tongues in
combat for the stakes in a $1,000,000
estate.
"We shall not want more than two
hours for argument," . came the an
nouncement from proponents in" re
sponse to a query from Judge Coffey.
"I shall open and close/: but I have
been in such confusion with my work
that I am: unable to say now how
much time I shall want," said Hiram
Johnson. "I promise not to be a bore,"
he added. •
McEnerney declared that no such as
surance was" necessary, and this was
the first note of good nature in the
day's proceedings.
ICTHELi ROCHE MAKES DENIAL.
The proponents had announced the
close of their case early in. the.morn
ing session, after the cross-examina
tion of William W. Carson, during
which nothing important was de
veloped, was en(Jed. Johnson recalled
Miss Ethel Roche for cross-examina
tion and asked her if she had not made
statements to Rachel Schander, daugh
ter of the contestant, to the effect that
Bertha . Dolbeer was "restless," and
had been very ill while in Paris the last
few weeks of her life, r The witness
made denial. ■: •
The attorneys began to enliven
things as soon as the contestant
opened his case in rebuttal. ;
"Call Miss Etta Marlon Warren,"
spoke up Johnson in. stentorian tone.
But the chief beneficiary, whose right
to bequests aggregating $800,000 or
more is to be decided by jury,
was not in court. MdEnerney ex
plained that she had gone home ill the
day before, but that she would be on
hand at 2 o'clock.
Johnson then called Arthur H. Ba
rendt, who testified that William G.
Mug-an told him on the night the news
of Miss Dolbeer's death was- received
in San Francisco that he feared it was'
"too true" that she had lost her mind,
as intimated in the dispatches. Mugan
had denied on the stand that he made
the remark to the reporter.
The contestant next sought to intro
duce the deposition of Theodore V S.
Rumney.- office manager for Laidlaw &
Co. in New. York, where. Miss Dolbeer
drew $800 against a letter of credit the
morning of the day of her death. Coun
sel-had been growing more and more
argumentative, but their talents were
brought into. full play as to the admis
sibility of the deposition. Each side
had ■ taken ■ Rumney's itestimony. The
contestant did not present in his case
in qhlef, and proponents^ contended
that he could not be allowed now to
have it read in rebuttal; nor could he
have 'his case reopened, for the deposi
tion was available when he was mak
ing out his case. ' '
Johnson replied .that he had reason
ably expected that proponents would
ment and when the $10
fine : was imposed, nor did she. seem to
be solaced. by the court's remark that
she might consider herself fortunate
in getting off so cheaply.
I The Chance of a Life Time! 8
I Wagons, Garriages and I
I 50c on the flbllar I
H u P ne ot th c l ar .K e whojesalehouses of'this city is Koine -out of H
H: the wagon'and carriaRe business and : they have sold their stock to' B
H; us at a phenomenally^Ibw .price. The stock comprises a complete line H
H of standard; waRons. carriaRes and buggies and we are Koine to sell H
B^them as stated for 7;. ' H
I 50 Cents on the Dollar ' •!
I H^^^^M I
I ; 307-309 MARKET- STREET |
LOOSES CURB ON LAWYERS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
produce th©/-testlmony, and now that
they had failed to do ho he thought.
he. was' entitled to have it read either,
in rebuttal or as a part of his «.'ase.
Judge Coffey had dlemlUMfid the Jury
while*. he heard the heated argument*!
for fear things might be ualrt to fnflu,
ence the members unwarrantably. He
has. been curbing the attorneys
throughout the trial, but for the sake
of variety, apparently, he allowed them
one good round of urging and wordy
contention. His ruling was for the pro
ponents, and the deposition waa shut
out. • : ,
, On the opening of court in the after
noon Miss Warren was- in attendance,'
accompanied by her nurse. D. F. Mul
lender- was .first called. . however, to
show that the photograph of Mlas Dol
beer, which had been exhibited to the
Jury, was taken in March, 1899, long
before she began to, develop melan
cholia, gs contended by contestant. .
Frederick S. Moody, son of Mrs. J.
L. Moody, the aunt of the testatrix,
who has allied herself with contestant,
was placed on the stand to -contradict
Douglas Sloane Watson's denials. The
witness • declared . it was true that
shortly after the death of Miss Dolbeer
Watson- remarked that she "unques
tionably committed suicide." Watson
had also made a number, of. statements
concerning the will, the witness assert
ed. Watson denied having made them
when quoted to him while he was oir
the stand' early in the trial.
RACHEL SCHANDER CALLED.
Rachel Schander, a very pretty miss
of 17 years, whose father is seeking be
tween $300,000 and $400,000 by his con
test of the will, declared that Miss
Roche, her cousin, was at fault -when
earlier In the day she denied having
said to witness that Bertha Dolbeer
was "restless" and had been "very 111"
during her last stay in Paris.
; The attempt of the contestant to
make a witness of Miss Warren proved
unsuccessful. She took her place calm
ly, in the witness chair, but not a word
did she utter other than her name,
which Judge Coffey asked for. The ob
jection to every question- that Johnson
propounded was sustained. Again' Mc-
Enerney pointed out that she should
have been called when . the contestant
was presenting his case at the begin
ning of the .trial. . Furthermore, her
deposition had been taken and knowl
edge of her testimony was at all times
in the possession of opponents. John
son Insisted that he had reasonable
ground to believe that the proponents
would, call her to the stand, and their
having failed to do so gave him the
right to t make her a^ witness for the
contestant. The attorney made a num
ber of declarations that all he was
seeking was the truth, and he made a
number of disparaging comments con
cerning the desire of proponents "to
hide and conceal the facts." Counsel
were in continuous conflict.' 1
Johnson asked a number of questions
as to whether or not Miss Dolbeer was
not despondent and suffering from neu
resthenia and -other, symptoms, of in
sanity while she was in Paris, but the
objections were sustained one after an
other. He concluded by asking permis
sion to. reopen his case, but was re
fused. Then he sought to introduce her
deposition, but this request was also
denied. This closed the clever effort of
the contestant to make his' principal
adversary a witness in his own behalf.
Siscnci Christmas With the Home Folks
The Christmas season will soon be here. If
you -have "home folks" why. not- visit them
on the reduced rates offered by the Southern
Pacific? It will not cost much /to make a
trip home or to visit friends, and Christmas
will be a happier day for you.
Tickets sold December 24, 25 and 28. will be
Kood for 'return until December 27. wntle
tickets sold- December 31 and January 1 will
be good for return until January 3, 1005. A«K
any agent about these low rates or at city
ticket office. 61."} Market street. •
MISSION KESIDUNTS WANT PARK.— The
purchase of two blocks ■ of ■ land for a Mission
park is a . subject which interests the residents
of the district to the extent that a public
meeting will be hold • to-morrow - evening at
Native Sons' Hall on Seventeenth street, be
tween Valencia and Guerrero, at 8 o'clock. The
object of the m*etlnp Is to secure the two
blocks of land lying between Eighteenth and
Twentieth streets for a public park and chil
dren's playground.
Murine cures Eyes. Makes weak Eyes
strong. Doesn't smart: soothes Eye pain.*
WILL OF MBS.- STILES.— The will of Mary
Ann Stiles, .who'dled December 8, was filed for
probate yesterday by Emily. Hosklns, who Is
named as executrix in the document. Mrs.
Stiles was 84 years' old and left more than
J20.C00' deposited in various banks. The chief
beneficiaries are Mrs. E. J. Jarrett, a niece,
who is given $500, and Mrs. E. A. Phillips,
$20C0. Sumsof 11000 and $500 are left to
others and the residue goes to Mrs.. -Hosklns
and Mrs. Jarrett. ■
1 ';.'.. HALE'S. . ',.. | KALE'S.
:(>■' Hale s^ Open Every Business Evening Till Christmas.
The Toys Send You This
;.: invitation. to.. Vis jt ;3i and 4th Floors To-Diy.
5 A splendid. little Shoo. 'tfet! - jrffixZtx
Fly Horse will welcome \
you at 60c. - 60<
It's a regular $1. 00 horse, rather rrB,_i:\ jTl TT I?*-* *lV l. ..dl
team of horses, with chair between. t V \j:
strong seat for the little tot to sit in. ■■y^SSpi^
Extra long, strong rockers; the horses Vtgj^gT^^^^rrjy ffiry--' " * '"* *^j^
are mottled. and the rockers are red. >J^aN^ . '\^i^Z^^
60c instead of $1.00. Here's a picture
OX !•• •
Santa Claus is. having, barrels of fun . superintending opera-
tions up on the fourth floor. .
p r i n - th~ children '■ to see him and talk to him. Hs Isn't zMaz
■ awa^<^ndy. When he d6es It causes too much" crowding for the little tola
Kuunthe're to receive confidences from 10 to 12 mornings, from 2:30 to
' , 4:30 afternqons and from 7:30 to 9:00 evenings.
And to-day these values will interest you who are thinking of
gifts for boys and girls.
Printing Press 90o — Regular $1.25 Slnlntr-Boom Set. 20c— Set of bamboo.
™8t in Vflne dovetailed box. Con- table and 3 chairs; just the thing for
tains metal short type. ink. roller. - the doll house.
.ti\^?^$ir$Sr8&S£ Kld-Bodled Don. 85O-19 Inches tall.
tions ■ so« . metal riveted, hip Jointed, fine blsc
Doll's roldinr. Table. 80— Nicely On- head and hands sleeping eyes, -with
D l8hed anTstronl, "collapsible; .9x14 P""*?^" 1^ 5f, r i li?? ■*"*:
inches ■ .... Ings and suppers. Jl.20 aoii at 85c.
Last Winning Picture . Buy stamps and mail your gifts
LdHYY iiiiii"S riWiU1 right here in the store. Postoffice
By Roland Totheroh, age 11 years, rcar mam fl oor .
2517 San Jose avenue, Alameda. . . ■ .
Here it is: A Beautiful Hemstitched
■j^pSK^ Dinner Set $5.00
\4+if*£i\ X^^v ' A beautiful gift. The cloth is *
\****fd,* V I rv {"fc'oVi yards long, hemstitched, and there
-^-I^yl <^l) ' t£ - Si ***'\\ . is a dozen napkins to match. Finer
* «M sets "to $17.00.
- And here's a new linen by ta* yard.
; S?i*tX&- {§M) u ' s a
I A mh* " • '1 1 • V\ Oerman Duutik wltn nemstttehed.
. tni R S\i' r.'WikV^^,! 1^' . border, 85c to $1.33 yard — Puro
■ klWtf'MmfcftJM snowy llnen - P rettil >' Patterned. By
("ydL' ' 'J><5//^/*vlllMi) hemmln? one side you can make a
HaTSTP^^a *-&3!>i1 flne • table clot^
1 .rT^vVY ?Nhm\ With- the coldest nights . of th«
>ljpiyi35gT, , <fj» W I|v-A' 'if* y ear to come here's a timely oppor-
■ tsmLy&3i/}!llhJI ' rWfcf tunitytoget
■^m^^Wt \\VH A Splendid Flannelette
Night Gown at 50c
-^^^•S^^^^^" Warm pink and blue striped flan-
/ /—'^^£Tr rf^rV-wf-fzr ne^ w ' tn yoke, turn-down collar.
e.i.^^U^r^^ cut generously full. Sizes 14, 15. 16
.ut^U/^mf JL. Oowss at 75c — In 3 styles: heavy pink
U* i '- H*f ti- ■••'— -' - •'- * an< * blue striped flannelette, fancy
. . , -. y / m ,-_~s ■/ . _ yoke, collar and cuffs, cut full length
-•. • ' ' fuc^wTrO^.**. *r ••• and wldth . Slzes !4 t 15> 16 and 17 .
; ". •<**-/— a«." . Oowns, 81.0O— Plain pink, blue and
,*^—"—'«i.. cream Daisy flannel, also stripes. Cut
. . • large and full. Sizes 14 to 17.
i The 8anta' Claus . contest Is closed. Children's Oowns. 50c — Warm pink
but interest still lives. We have ar- and blue striped flannelette. Sizes 4
ranged alphabetically, all the" . to I« years.
Thousands of Pictures and Verses in ■ Hille °"loV6 Order
a Santa Claus Art Gallery , „ :, £ ,
Up on the second floor. They're worth M™ aU the ™ Orr y °f ch ° 0S \
coming a long ways to see and study. .{fter Ife right <*ift 6ff VOUT
Bring the children. , u dj .," •
■2. shoulders. Redeemable' tn
Rope Portieres $5.00 gloves or merchandise at
i gifts: suggestive any one of Hole's six Call-.
of dozens of other opportunities in fornia stores.
this second floor drapery store. q ; ; fa
The Kope Portieres are made of the SS7 - "-*S7 .
henvk-st ruffed rope, with flne fluffy Iw ,#«*. <8>*t&9
tassels, two toned reds, and preens and j^^^R «ay5Sy $£& m£~ — r^^?-
green and red mixed; large enough for /ay jp^Jfrj*~\__^^^^J^ imJ^
■ double folding doors. Portieres that JS'
would usually cost <6.00 at 85.OO pair. * m " •— —
Wants His Yacht Back.
David \ Gibbons, wholesale liquor
merchant, 407 Battery street, obtained
a warrant from Police Judge Mogan
yesterday for the~ arrest of Charles
Stegger on a- charge of errand larceny.
Gibbons says he had been negotiating
with Stegger, who wanted to purchase
his sloop yacht, valued at $385. The
agreement was that Stegger was to
pay $35 down and the balance in in
stallments. Stegger borrowed the
yacht on Saturday to test her sailing
qualities but neither he nor the
yacht has been seen or heard of since.
Tahiti Is Best of AH.
A San Franciscan says:
"Tahiti is best- of all my trips, and I
have been many times across the Pacific.
i To that land of. dreams and delight, my
'fancy ever turns with anticipation and.
pleasure." (On Mr. Band's last trip..
about thirty personal .friends accom-
L P Why* nof go to Tahiti? The magnificent
[steamer Mariposa leaves on necember 31
for a midwinter excursion. Spend a month
in the\ South Seas' sunshine. .The cost of
a month's round trip voyage 1* only \Vt>
Aek for particulars at 643 Market street,
I Oceanic "Steamship Company. ;
Alpcrs' Aim Proves Bad.
William Alpers. an ex-bartender at
the Golden West Hotel, got into a dis
pute with Albert Sturzinger, the bar
tender, yesterday morning about AI
pera* dismissal: Alpers got angry and
threw a match box at Sturzinger s
head. The missile missed Sturzinger
and struck a mirror, valued at. $-00.
breaking it. Sturzinger applied for a
warrant to Police Judge Mogan for
Alpers' arrest on, a charge of assault
with a deadly weapon, but it was is
sued for simple assaalt. s j ■;'
Special Notice.
Col. Andrews' Diamond Palace. will be
open every night this month." Finest stock
of diamonds in city at the very lowest
possible prices. 221 Montgomery St., Russ
House block. • *
Swedish. Festival.
The Swedish Pleasure Club* -will!
hold a Christmas tree festival at
Scandia Hall, 161 City Hall avenue, on i
Saturday evening, December 24. The
affair will be given in the same man
ner-as, are similar • occasions in the
fatherland, allowing of an opportunity
for friends 'to gather, offer good cheer
and enjoy; songs. \ mirth and music. '
Children -like' Ptflo'n Care. It Is pleas- 1
ant to tak* and ~. cures, their coughs. '25c. • {
Mrs. Ratlciiffe Repeats Story.
The' prose*fftion closed its case at
the 'second ' trial of. "Harry Radcllff e,
charged Twith the murder of Andrew
Rlley vat "Ninth, and Sheridan streets,
before ai jury In :Judge .Cook's court
yesterday, morning. 'Several witnesses
testified for the defense, including the
girl wife 'of the defendant. , She re
peated ; the story told by her at the
former trial of -Riley having made . an
insulting' proposal to her. of hercom
prainlng to. her husband and -seeing
Riley and her husband fighting as she
started- to return to her home. ■ The
casefwlll go to-thejury this afternoon.
Woman" Makes False Statements.
. A warrant was obtained from Police i
Judge 'Fritz yesterday. . afternoon for J
the arrest of Julia Smith, alias Hulda i
Leroy,.on*a.charge of- obtaining goods ;
by; false', pretenses. It is. alleged that I
the ; woman, : . wlyo ; was : employed as i
cook .by- Mrs. ;W:E. Hyde. 11G. Athol '
avenue, .Oakland, .called at the, store
of. the City of. Paris Dry -Goods Com>»
pany -on '.December- 1{ and represented
that -Mrs.. ; Hyde ,had authorized her' to
purchase- a t silk. dresa valued ',"«U $60
and' other goods,- bringing :th« .total
to $150. :3he got the' goods and It' was
later ascertained ■ that M rs. 1 ly Ue had
not given the woman any such an
thorlty.
\
wSujrviKl bl ■ mL S 0^ TySR-T* 1 m
39 STOCKTON ST, 1TBAS MASEET.
Telephone Main 5523.
W« - have tak«n th» utmost pains In
. selecting our Christmas roods and main-
tain the name low prices. We have made
every arrangement to give flrst-clasa aer-
vice arid prompt delivery.
THURSDAY, FRIDaT/ND SATURDAY
SPECIAL
CBEAIIEHY BTJTTXR. per «<J . . . .330
Honey Lake — well Known mountain but-
ter. . • ' •
PAHCT SABCH SOOS. per doz. . .45c
TIh very best.
PETALXTMA COLD STOBAGS ZOOS.
per dozen .ttIi; r*v 29o
EITOLI3H WALNUTS, per lb.-lSVaO
Fine quality, thousb undersized.
SEEDED BAISZ2TS, 1-lb. vkST. . .> .80
IJeg. 10c.
CLEANED CX7B3ASTS, 1-lb. piX..10c
Hegr. 12Hc
These fruits are S. & W. or Red Ribbon.
CITRON. UTMON AND ■ OSANOS
PEEL, per 111 ; .16c
- Keg. 20c.
PLITM PXJDDINO. 1. 2.' 3. 4 Ib cans
Special. 33c. 40c. 35c. 75c
R«K. 25c. 45c, 65c. 85c.
Richardson & Robinson's or Gordon &
Dillworth. " "
aiAITTE COBN. 2 cans for 35o
Re?. 15c each.
WESTERN COBN. 3 cana for. . . ,33e
Reg. 10c each.
Carefully selected stock.
S3ITE5A P1O3, in 1-lb baskets. .33a
Rert. :»c.
NABISCO WATERS, per tin 33o
Resr. 30c. AH flavors. ."
STUPFED OLIVES, per bottle lOo
Reg. 15c. Filled with, red pipper*.
CASPET SWEEPEBS. Bi3ioU'«..Sl4K)
Reg. $2.50. .
I MELWOOB BOITBBON. PINE OLD
I BYE. JAaSAXCA SXTM. per bot. .75e
per ffallon ...••...•«••....••. $3.00
Rev. bot. 91.0O. rec sal. $4.CO.
These liquors are especially recommended
for Christmas^
POBT AND SHEBBY. per bottle. .25e
rallon .Sl.OO
. Rer. 3«V: iral. $1.50._Well aged wines.
EASTXEN SWEET CTDEB. afal. .40c
The real thing— reg. 50c.
Full line of .Key West and Imported
■ •; Cigars. . .
Ton value your on and your chil-
dren "b health above everythlnir else.
do yon not? You will be surprised to
learn that many Table Salts are Im-
pure, contain typhoid irerms and un-
fit fcr uc3. The only absolutely pure
Table Salt is La»lie Sterilized Salt. No
danger. No risk. Ho typhoid. .
CALL AT v .-.
Evatt ®> Hinkle
| 86 Third St..
I NEW GOODS. NEW STOKE.
, Tcr Dianxonds. Watches. Jewelry, i
'•ICARTERSl CU?E SICK fl^ AUA " IE -
BBittie Genuine Must Bear
g IVER Fac-Simile Stgnaturt