'X'HJC WEATHER.
* " *
forecast mad* at San Vrandaeo for
thirty houw «ndlnx mlfalrht, De
cember Six
Eaa Franctsoa and ridnlty — Clcradr.
unsettled weather Saturday. . with
sbowerst llrht northwest wind*, chanc
ing to aouthwwt.
A. C MoaHIE, District Forecaster.
VOLUME XCVII— NO. 31.
CONVICTS
AT FOLSOM
ARE COWED
IMonOIticers'Brave
Stand Awes flie
Desperadoes.
Condition. ol Gnard Jolly
Is FayoraWe, Say
tlie Doctors.
jGspisiii Mnphy Graphically De
• scribss His Captnre by Ring
. \ . leaders of Outbreak.
Csedal Dloatrh to Tbe Call.
SACRAMENTO, Dec 80. — Conditions
'*£ . Folspm Prison to-day were In sin
gular 'contrast to those which for sev
.«ral days followed the successful out
break of July 27; 1903. Then the pris
oners sulked in their cells and howled
■.'like savage animals. To-day they were
obfedlent and docile and went about
their -work as If nothing had happened
to intensify their desire for freedom!
After the previous break those prison
ers who expressed dissent to deeds of
the conspirators were marked by their
defiant comrades for abuse and even
bodiiy harm. ;
To-day groups of the convicts pub
licly expressed tp Warden Yell their in
dignation th'at the good repute of the
. general, body of the prison inmates
'should have been lowerea in the eyes
'of the officers and the people of the
State by the acts of a desperate £ew.
Welcome as 'were "these assurances, the
officers were old enough In experience
with convict nature 1 to know that they
. were not prompted altogether a
epiflt. of loyelty, but ' were traceable
Jn a large part to the fact that of the
eeven- convicts who tried to. escape yes
"ie£day w a£ternobn three He star^Snd
cold 6n morgue stabs and four maimed
*.nd dying me'n occupy hospital cots.
\ -A new -order of things prevails at the
pepitentiary now, and the thousand in
mates know it to a man. A year ago
all an escaping prisoner'needed to shield
.Mmself from his pursuer's, bullets was
tfte person of a captured officer. The
events of yesterday have proved that
3f it 'is necessary to imppm-vlje lives
of the prison officials to i--*"2>i. break
lhe -extreme measure must not be
avoided. . • " x;
JOLLY RESTS WELL.
The two officers, Captain of the
Cfuard R. J.. M urphy and Guard Charles
Jolly, shot yesterday "because they, were
.ii» the nay of bullets intended for mu
ilhous convicts, are resting comforta
bly *in their "quarters to-night. Mur
phy's knife bruises in the back and
giancing bullet wounds in the thigh are
painful but not serious. Guard Jolly
rested well during the day, and Dr. C.
F* Giadtiingr reported to "Warden Yell
this evening that the sufferer!* pulse
Jf strong and his condition favorable
to' recovery. The bullet wound through
f.h» neck and Jaw, though alarming -In
ejTpenranoe. involves no vital pact, and
the surgeons ho # pe that blood poison
ing may be. averted,.
' Coroner Gormley to-nigkt •. conducted
inquef ts at the prison upon the -bodies
jot.H.C. Hill. D. J. Quinlan and Antonio
Morales, the three- convicts killed by
•the guards while attempting to escape.
In fcach ;case a number of residents of
the town of Folsom comprised the "Jury.
'Warden Yell, Guards < Harris and Mc-
Dt»iaid arrl Prison Surgeon Gladding
rtihearfcod th«- story of the attempted
"break and the circumstances of the
death*. In each* case the Coroner'*
Jury returned a verdict that deceased
had come to his 'death at. the hands of
guards in the discharge of their duty.
The left a*m of Convict Francisco
Tuljada fe-as amputated this evening
In 'in effort to save his life. He was
chot several times in this arm and in
the body, but it is believed he will re
cover. Warden YCll regards Daniel
Kelly as the most dangerously wound
ed of the convicts. His bones were
shattered in several places by rifle balls
Rnd he was shot twice through the in
testines, it Is thought he will die.
Convicts J. TV'. Findley and Charles
Carson will probably recover, although
the condition of all the wounded men
is more cr less eerious.
PLANS OF CONVICTS.
Swathed in bandages, on a hospital
cot, Convict Findley told Warden Yell
of the course the convicts Intended to
follow had they succeeded In taking a
guard post. A 6tory had been sent out
thai the conspirators had so timed the
break as to enable them to board the
prison locomotive on its arrival at the
<juaxry and Epeed toward the town of
Folsom. Findley declared that the in
tention of the plotters was not to take
the locomotive, but to strike directly
for the American River, which runs
alonz the prison grounds and wade
across the shallow stream to the wood
ed shore on the other, side and thence
strike for the open coiftitry.
Warden Yell believes Findley's story.
The warden to-day caused Convict
(Kid) Thompson to be locked up In a
dungeon for attempting to stir up a
Bentiment against the Warden and
uruarus because of yesterday's tragic
happenings. H. Hernandez was also
cent to the dungeon because his sledge
hammer was found to be the one which
Continued on Pacts 2, Column S.
The San Francisco Call.
MOVING BOG
WIPES OUT
A VILLAGE
Sweeps Down With
out Warning on
Homes;
Terrible Disaster Occurs in
Ccnnty Roscommon,
Ireland.
Well Tilled Farms Are Buried Under
Peat and Water and Tenants
Narrowly Escape Death.
Soeelal Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Dec. 30.— Graphic details
are now being received of the devasta
tion, caused by a moving bog in the
county of Roscommon, Ireland. The
bog. which Is known as that of Cloon
shlever, is three miles from Castlerea.
When It began to slide it moved three
quarters of a mile in a few days, cov
ering everything in its way with peat
and water to a depth of eight or ten
feet. On Lord de Freyne's French Park
estate, the peasants*are surrounded on
all sides with miles 'of bog and water.
Sad is the story of the hamlet of
Cloonshiever with Its forty or fifty
little one-Btory whitewashed cottages.
Last Saturday an immense bog which
overhangs the valley, without any pre
vious warning, swept down on them
like an avalanche. The first Intimation
the villagers had of this visitation was.
when the bog stuff was dashing in the
doors of the houses so rapidly that It
was with the. greatest difficulty that
many of the unfortunate people escaped
with their lives. ' : '; . '
A. visit to th> scene of. the .disaster
■showed the mountain' which Is eleven
or twelve miles in extent, rent and
toriras if by an earthquake. The mov
ing portion was about three hundred
yards square and had been carried
fully three-quarters of a mile. The ruin
and destruction which such a mass has
left in Its train can be more easily
imagined than described. Many, of the
houses have wholly disappeared, while
all that .is to be seen of others is a
chimney top here and there. leaf
less trees mark the spot from which
well tilled farms have disappeared
practically forever.
At one point a lake of about ten or
twelve acres has been formed in the
last few days by the pent up moun
tain streams. Unless some means is
speedily adopted to drain off this water
it w-lll undermine the entire bog and a
disaster of an overwhelming nature
may be anticipated. It would be im
possible to exaggerate the miserable
condition of the villagers. Houseless
and penniless they wander about the
scenes of their former homes .with
nothing hut want and starvation fac
ing them and their families.
WOULD BAR AMERICAN" ;':.
■ y .: MONEY FROM OANADA
BUI to Be Introduced In Parliament
Making Its Circulation
a Crime.
MONTREAL., Dec. 30.— Robert. Bick
erdike, member of the Dominion Par
liament from St. Lawrence Division,
Montreal, and vice president .of. the
Hochelaga -Bank, will at the next ses
sion ' of Parliament introduce a bill
making It a criminal offense- to circu
late United States' money of any kind,
bills or silver. In Canada.
MANY BELGIANS KILT/FTP .
BY FIERCE HURRICANE
Deadly Work Also Done by a Violent
Storm in the North of
Germany.
BRUSSELS, Dec. 30. — Many per
sons were killed or injured in Belgium.
by a terrific hurricane to-day, which
also caused much damage to prop
erty.
BERLIN. Dec. 80. — During a vio
lent storm in North Germany four
persons were killed and a number In
jured by collapsing walls.
TWO BRITISH SHIPS c
COLLIDE WITH STEAMSHIP
Break Away From Their Moorings at
Antwerp During a Hurricane and -
Do Considerable Damage.
ANTWERP, Dec 30.— The British
ships Red Rock and Walden Abbey,
both at this port, destined for San
Francisco, broke away from their
moorings during a hurricane to-day
and collided with and badly damaged
the Belgian steamer Sambre.
Kussia and. Britain Sign 1 Agreement.
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 30.— An
agreement has been signed by Sir
Charles Hardinge,. the Bmbassador of
Great Britain, and Foreign Minister
Lamsdorff. 'precisely similar to ,the
American-Russian* agreement of last
summer, whereby, Joint stock and oth
er companies ; domiciled In either coun
try are recognized as having ; a legal
•xistence In , the other country, and are
permitted; either to bring or defend ac
tions in the law courts.
SAN FRANCISCO,: SATURDAY,^ 31, 1904.
BARD WILL
N0T GO TO
SACRAMENTO
Puts Public Duties
Before Private
Interests. ,
Places Entire Confidence
In His Friends in Sen
atorial Fight.
Intends to Remain in. Washington to
Look After. Legislation for
California.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 30.— Senator
Bard will not visit Sacramento Or Cal
ifornia during this session of the Legis
lature, notwithstanding the contest for
his seat in the United States Senate is
on. •■'..-'•';•
"Friends who are looking out for my
interests there have" . advised .me by
wire that it would be desirable. for me
to be there at least for a few days
prior to the balloting," said Senator"
Bard. in an interview to-night, "but I
cannot see how I can go there. I
could not take the risk in the first place
of neglecting my public duties to look
after my personal interests, and in the
second place I would not be Justified in
doing so unless there-was a great ne
cessity apparent. I am satisfied that my
friends will look out for me in. my ab
sence quite as well as though I were
there. I therefore do not see the neces
sity, though it would be very '. gratify
ing to me to meet the members of the
Legislature, many of whom, I do not
know, and I realtee.; that it Would .be
more satisfactory to my . friends '• ttho.
are urging my. candidacy. V : \ » ;■
"But.here we are in the midst'of-a
session of Congress, one-third of which
Is already gone and with a j great deal
of what I deem j very important work
still to be transacted. The statehood
bin is coming up immediately. I feel
very strongly in this matter of securing
for the West a larger quota of repre
sentation in Congress. I have taken* a
position on the .statehood bill in the
committee that I feel I should main
tain on the floor. I am the only Repub
lican member on the committee opposed
to the bill, and long ago "gave notice
in the time of Mr. Quay and his omni
bus bill— that it could not get through
if it needed my vote. Besides this
there are a number of other matters
especially important to California that
have been referred to the Committee
on Irrigation, of which I am chairman.
Among these is the report on the Gov
ernment's reclamation work on the
Colorado" River. There were important
matters also before other committees
of which I am a member, especially of
Public Lands and Indian Affairs. These
are public duties, and however gratify
ing it would* be for me to, meet the
members of the CallfornlafLegislature
at this time. I do not feel that I could
take the risk of neglecting my duties."
CONTEST FOR SENATOR.
Bard and Flint Forces Active In Be
half of "the Candidates.
Many members of the Legislature
who have come here within two days
will leave town this evening for Sacra
mento. Bard, Flint and Knight head
quarters In the capital city will be
opened to-night.
Yesterday Senator Bard wired from
Washington, Di C, to one of the man
agers of his campaign that : he could
not be in Sacramento before the ballot
ing began. Quite a number of Senators
and Assemblymen visited the Bard
headquarters in the Mutual Savings
Bank building yesterday. Bard men
were also numerous at the. palm court
of the Palace Hotel. E. O. Gerberding
and Frank . J. . Brandon of the Bard
forces are confident that the Senator is
gaining votes. It is claimed that Bard's
strength when the, balloting begins will
surprise the politicians who have been
taking their "tips" from the Demo
cratic press. • . .
Frank P. Flint and the promoters of
his candidacy are making an active
and somewhat enthusiastic, campaign.
Leaders In the Flint camp claim that
their candidate will take the lead on
the first ballot. A report last evening
that four members of the Alameda del
egation have resolved to vote for Flint
gave upward tendency to the stock of
the Los Angeles aspirant. Gossip under
the palms was . to the effect that Gov
ernor Pardee had given - a hint favor
able to Flint. Close friends of the Gov
ernor, . however, insist that he is abso
lutely neutral.
Assemblymen . Estudillol of Riverside,
David T. Perkins of Hueneme, W. A.
Johnstone of San Dlma's," E. M. Pyle of
Santa Barbara, Warren M. John of San
Luls^Obispo, E._T. Manwell of Wheat
land and J. R. r Dorsey of Kern, and
Senators Howard' A. Broughton of Los
Angeles, C. B. > Greenwell of Santa Bar
bara and John M. Anderson of Orange
are among the Bard supporters in the
city. ."
. < The Flint column was reinforced yes
terday by the arrival of Senators C.W.
Pendleton and Henry Carter and As-
Continued ; on ■ Page . 2, Column 7.
WOMAN SUFFRAGE MOVEMENT
INDORSED BY THE TEACHERS
PLATT SAYS
HE IS STILL
IN POLITICS
Has No Intention a
Resigning Prom
) the Senate, ?
NEW YORK, Dec. 30.— "I. never- re
tire when "Other people try to force me
to retire," said- Senator 'Platt to-day,
when Informed that- there was, a rumor
that former Governor Black is : to suc
ceed him' in the [Senate. "I probably
shall remain in the United States'Sen
ate as long as I can. I had entertained
the thought - of resigning if " Black had
been elected in Senator Depew's place.
I was as much interested in the return
of Depew as if I myself had been the
candidate."
When asked what effect the return
of Senator Depew would .have- on. the
organization, Senator Platt said, "I do
not 8e*e that It will have any particular
effect."
"Your friends are saying that .you
now will resume active leadership '■ of
the organization," It 'was suggested.
"It Is useless to discuss a' matter of
that character at this time," said the
Senator.
"Do you expect to j confer : with G ov
ernor Odell over " organization mat
ters?" .
"I do not knowwhat I. Bhould^confer
with him about," said Mr. Platt "I
may see him. 1 I suppose he will send
for me. I expect to see Speaker Nixon
before the organization of the . Legisla
ture." * • ; --
"Will you have- any recommenda
tions with reference to committee
places?" he was asked. .
"I am always Interested in good . gov
ernment. Thave a little .list of recom
mendations that I shall 2 make to Mr.
Nixon and to. the Governor."
Senator Depew and Louis Payne
called at the office of Senator Platt to
day and the three had a private "con
ference,, it is supposed, over the result
qf the ' Senatorial contest. Payne has
been represented to . be a stanch sup
porter of ex-Governor Black's -"candi
dacy. Payne,' after the conference,
said: ... .
"I am glad to see Senator Depew win
•ut, and I; have congratulated him and
told Senator Platt" that it was all right.
Senator Platt and I have been • friends
for forty years. I' have been advising
Governor Black 1 for six months . that it
would be had policy for him to", enter
the race! and", neglect his ■ business. ' I
never believed that' he would make the
race. Everybody Is satisfied, and har
mony "prevails" in \ the party."'
FINDS DEATH INSTEAD
-, OF} HEALTH HE ■ SOUGHT
Ruf us • /Walbridge, •' a ' Ranch Owner of
Coviriai' Passes Away. In
-..■ '■'. El Paso; "
EL PASO, Tex., Dec, 30.— Rufus J J;
Walbridge, ; who came . here six months
ago - f rom ; Covlna;, Cal., if or the benefit
of ; his health, , died suddenly, early to
day as trie result bf heart . failure.' . He
owned a large branch ; near Covina, and
his ;. wife, who ' is now;. there, has i been
notified. J.-M.;. Walbridge, a son. Is
an officer on" the local police forces ;
EDUCATORS OF STATE "WHO TOOK PROMINENT PART IN DELIBERATIONS
.' OF. THE CONVENTION OF TEACHERS WHICH ADJOURNED YESTERDAY
IN. SAN JOSE AFTER* A WEEK DEVOTED TO SCHOOL AFFAIRS.
RESTORES
SPEECH TO
YOUNG GIRL
Philadelphia- Priest
Cures Wliere Pliy
', sicians Fail. ,
PDeclal Dispatch tp The Call.
1 TRENTON, N. J., Dec. 30.—Practical
ly, without the power of speech since
early last August, Miss Mary Dickson,
daughter of Mr. and ., Mrs. William
Dickson of , South Warren street, this
city,. Is , now talking . and singing and
laughingas well as ever. Her recovery
is ; attributed to the prayers and inter
cession of an Assyrian priest in Phila
delphia. /
; The; girl i had previously failed of re
lief, although she had been treated by
several Trenton physicians. The medi
cal men said she was suffering from
acute , nervous disorders and that it
might take | years before she could be
i cured. A, neighbor,. Policeman Patrick
O|Hara of the second district police
squad, told the girl how he had been
cured of rheumatism by Father . S.
Corkemas of Tenth and Ellsworth
streets. Philadelphia, and finally pre
vailed upon her to visit the priest. The
clergyman prayed for her and made ap
plications of the relic of St. Marion,
after which the girl . returned home.
This morning she said she could talk
as • well as ever, and demonstrated the
fact '- by addressing the members of her
family.
LONDON POLICE ARREST
>?*■*. v INTERNATIONAL FORGER
Cnpture : Two; Men Who Have Been
■ Making Spurious Five-Pound Bank
of England Notes.
LONDON, Dec. 30.— The city police
to-day arrested two important mem
bers of an V international gang which
for two or. three ; years 'is J alleged r to
have been conducting extensive forger
ies In five .pound Bank of England
notes.,. Large quantities of the notes,
it^ is [said, have been circulated '% in
America and on the Continent.. One
of :.the"V men arrested is an
He Is charged ' with ; being the manu
facturer of : the notes. The police are
shadowing a number of , foreigners who
are believed to be k in London, the
object\of "obtaining fresh supplies of
the "counterfeits. •
• THE THEATES1, ,J
. . . - -1
ALCAZAR— "Old Retdaloenr."
CALIFORNIA— "Shore Aertf .**
„ COLUMBIA— 'The; Sultan of Bula."
CENTRAL— 'The Heart of Chicago."
CHUTES-^Vauderine.
FISCHER" B— Vaudeville,
GBANI>— "The Darling of tte Ooda,~
MAJESTIC— "A Contented woman,"
ORPHEUM— Vaudeville.
TIVOLI— "Klitt Dcdo."
Matinees at all .theaters to-dar.
Female Educators Want the
Legislature to Give Them
the Right to Vote.
Strong- ResolMtfloe Adopted
Special Dispatch to The • Call.
SAN ; JOSE.^Dec. SO.— The California
Teachers' Association closed Its ses
sions this afternoon, ending one of the
greatest weeks j in . the . history, of edu
cational movements on ; the Pacific
Coast. It : brought : together; about 1200
teachers -from all parts of the State,
and much good and /benefit will result
from their discussions of 'matters per
taining to the schools. At no time "did
interest lag in the 1 proceedings, and
although It, rained hard this afternoon
the assembly hall' was taxed to its ca
pacity to seat the jf *ung. women who
braved the storm. An Innovation', this
year and one that:, has prtjved. a great
success was the meetings of five of th«
county institutes, which met . here at
the time of the State meeting.
The Elementary School Association
held an Interesting meeting this fore
noon; The programme opened with an
artistic drill in physical training by a
claesof seven little girls, finder the su
pervision of ■ Miss Alice Basler ' of # the
State Normal School.
The committee on the constitutipn
made a report'by which it amended the
instrument presented yesterday by con
ferring membership to the members of
the California , Teachers*. Association!
The report was adopted.
A symposium of laymen on , "What
Has Society a Right to Expect i From
the Elementary Schools" followed. Mrs.
Rachel Hester Tuck of Cupertin* han
dled the subject j from a parent's de
mand; Joseph D. Radford, a banker of
San Jose, from the, business worftl's de
mand ; [ John E,' Richards from the
State's demand; J. O. Hayes from the
general demand,! and Rev. Thornton A.
Mills of the . Second Presbyterian
Churchi from, the religious demand.
Mrs. Ella M." Case rendered two vocal
solos. Dr. M. E. Blanchard, the new
president," was then installed and made
a few remarks. iBSi
HIGH SCHOOL TEACHERS.
The High' School Teachers' Associa
tion met this morning and listened to
the following Interesting papers:
"The School as a Social Center." M!t» L. B
Brldgman, California School of Mechanlcai
Arts. -;■-■ ' : - t , . .
"The High: School as a Training School for
Citizenship," Herbert Lee. Mountain View
Hlrh School ,
"Formal Discipline." Dr. E. C. Moore, Uni
versity of; Cajlfornia.
The . California Teachers' Association
met in its final' session this afternoon
at 2 o'clock. The hall was filled. After
a solo by' Mr. Pinard the meeting at
once took up. the business before It.
• The Council of Education reported
through Secretary McClymonds. It
recommended that . a constitutional
amendment be ; submitted >to the people
making it possible to. elect members of
boards of education and trustees for
six years, and also the , enactment bf
legislation so that not more than one
half the . terms "of the_ members shall
expire. In: any one year.' If teachers
have riot been notified before May that
their services . are - terminated they
should be "considered elected for another
year. It recommended that the manuals
of . history and teaching as reported by
committees \ be - printed . and circulated
among the teachers and that the execu-
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
tive committee be directed to furnish
the council with sufflciemt funds to
print these manuals so that they may
be available for the use of the teach
ers.
RURAL SCHOOLS.
■ The committee recommended the
adoption of the following resolution
relative to rural school supervision:
R*»olv-d. That l«gislatlon be h*d that will
make It possible for each County Superinten
dent la the Stats. In counties havlnj ttfty
teachers or mora, to appoint a deputy county
ruperlntedent of schools, the salary of oacil
deputy to b* fixed by th« Leslslaturs, but In
no Instance to b« less than $750 per annum.
The traveling «zp«nae« of inch deputy, whlla
eng-a?ed In the. work of supervision, to bo al
lowed. • "^
The question of supervision of schools
.was referred to an expert committee
of seven members, three t>f which are
to be ' appointed by the council and
four by the president of the California
Teachers' Association. It recommend
ed that the president appoint the mem
bers at once so that the important
question may be definitely settled with
out delay.
The following resolution In reference
to equal political rights of women was
submitted to the council and adopted
and It was recommended that the asso
ciation take favorable action.
Whereas. A bill Is to be Introduced la th«
legislature at Its coming' session to submit
to the people at the next general "Auction an
amendment to> the State constitution giving
to woraen'-equal political rights with men.
Resolved. That we, tae members of the
council of education, heartily Indorse the
above bill u a measure of Justice and as one
tending to advance the educational Interests of
the State.
Resolved, That we further recommend to
the State Teachers' Association the passage
of a similar resolution.
COMPUIiSORY EDUCATION.
The following action relative to need
ed . school legislation was recommended
by' the council:
■ That . the compulsory education law be
amended »o as to make It obligatory upon
beards of education and boards of trustees
to enforc* the same; that a pupil of. fourteen
years or oader be compelled to attend school
thjrty-two . weeks or the entire term; that
school revenue derived. from the State be ap
pcrttoa»d to counties on the same general
basis that the county superintendent appor
tions funds to the district; that Increased
revenue for use of schools be provided by
increased taxation of both the State and cou.i
ty; that a constitutional amendment be sub
mitted to permit evening schools la the State
school system; that provisions be made In the
lair for county Institutes to unite In holding
their annual institutes; that provision be made
for - additional funds for the use of county
Institutes; that the law of vaccination be so
amended as to charge health authorities with
Its ' administration Instead of educational au
thorities. ~
! The' report stated that the president
had . appointed D. S. Snedden. H. M.
Bland and J. TV. LJnscott the three
members of the committee of seven on
the matter of rural school supervision,
to report to the council at its next
meeting. 1
MANT RESOLUTIONS.
"With the exception of the resolution
part referring to the Increased school
revenue the report was adopted as
read. The reason the other part went
over 'was because the resolutions com
mittee had covered the subject.
The report of the committee on reso
lutions was read by Professor Ltnscott
of Santa Cruz. It emphasized belief in
State^ county, city and local taxation
for support .of. our system of public
schools, beginning with the kindergar
ten and ending In a free State nnivae
sity; In the consolidation of weak rural
school^ by means of free transporta
tion jto pupils to central graded schools;
in national school supervision; in
'school libraries and well paid and well
trained teachers; the organizing of
high schools wherever they can be
properly? supported; that teachers
should be carefully selected and tenure
of office be on efficiency ; belief in pop
ular local self-government of schools.
The code of professional ethics adopt
ed by the California State Teachers'
Association in 1901 Is reaffirmed and
the support of It was urged.
The following: resolution was Included
in the report:
•Whfinss. It seem* of vital Importance thai
nor* money be appropriated for the support
of the schools of this State; therefore, be It
Resolved, That a committee of flv« be ap
pointed Immediately by the president of this
association to .consider legislation needed t-»
procure the Increase of the salaries of the
teachers of the State and to prepare such bills,
to be presented to the Legislature, as In the
judgment • of the committee wtu secure that
end.
EQUAL) SUFFRAGE.
The resolution presented by ths
Council of Education relative to rural
school tupervlsion was indorsed; also
that In regard to equal suffrage.
The report stated that as the study
of education if pursued effectively
must employ the laboratory method.
It. is: urged that the State Teachers*
"Association urge the necessity for the
immediate establishment of such 'a
practice school at the .University of
California as an indispensable Instru
ment in the professional preparation
of teachers for the schools of the State.
After having declared that it be
comes essential that provision should
be made in the lower schools to pre
pare the youth for the higher Instruc
tion In agriculture, the . association fa
vors the. extension of nature study and
instruction in the elements bf agricul
ture throughout the schools
of the State and requests that the Leg
islature enact laws which shall permit
these subjects to be tatight.
The report also contained the foHow
ing:
A« dtlsens deeply Interested In the welfare of
Contlnned on Pa«o 2, Column ft.2
RAIN BRINGS JOY TO HEARTS
OF FARMERS AND RELIEVES
THEIR FEARS OF POOR CROPS
NEARLY EVERY SEC
TION OF STATE
DRENCHED.
Stock-Raiserand
.Rancher Are
.-Benefited.
"-FRIJSNO, Dec. 20.— Rain started to
faJ3 .about 7:34 o'clock this evening. It
it Welcomed for all, for it comes Just
in tlrn'e to eave the crops. The raisin
growers have their crops gathered and
Critd and put in the "sweat box," eo
*hb damage will result. The greatest
pood -will be derived from the rain by
the stock raisers of the foothill dis
tricts.
. The f ee4 • started about three weeks
.ego needed water badly and many of
the etockmen had about decided to
take their stock into the mountains to
keep them from" getting poor. The
farmers anjl wheat raisers are now
.emjling, for they were all waiting for
the rain which the Weather Bureau has
been predicting for several days. An
other heavy shower will assure good
crops. •
Although the rainfall is not heavy,
it Is coming down steadily.
SAN JOAQUIN VALLEY.
Stockton and ViclnJt;. Receives a Good
' " " . . V Drenching.
; STOCKTON.. Dec. 30.— After a stormy
day", during which the wind blew with
great velocity, it began to rain at 4
o'clock. -A heavy downpour followed
tor two hours, after which a steady
but ' less heavy precipitation followed.
Close to an inch of rain had fallen by 8
o'clock.
. Although the season's fall to date ex
ceeds last season's by more than two
. Inches, most of it came early. To-day's
Etoim came at a very opportune time.
The uplands had begun to need the
woistwe and the lower sections were
gathering a very dry crust. The plow-
Ing and seeding i? almost finished, and
the present rain will have the effect of
starting the crops. Generally speak
in?, the agricultural districts are in
£ood.condition and the present rain as
.sures a good yield.
The ere;? of volunteer feed is quite
heavy. Nearly all the potatoes and
cnJons are out of the gTound on the isl
ends, and the other late crops are un
der c«ver.
LANDSLIDE IN YUBA.
Pohct Plant in Marysville Suffers
Heavy Loss.
MARYSVILLE. Dec. 30.— As the re-
Eult.cf a big landslide early this morn
lr.g a part of the Bay Counties electric
power plant at Colgate, thirty-five
mile? east of this city, was put out of
commission. One of the great pipe lines
that supply a generator was destroyed
and others were badly damaged. The
machine shop was wrecked and debris
pHed over the grounds about the plant
to a depth of ten feet.
The slide started from a point on the
hill back of the plant. . The loss will
amount to 'several thousand dollars.
Four 'weeks will be required to repair
the damage. The big stone house in
•which the machinery is housed with
stood th*» avalanche of rock and dirt.
All the workmen escaped injury. .The
fteavy rains of the last two days caus
ed the landslide.
Other plants owned by the company
vrere started up to help supply the cur
rent for the many towns and cities de
pendent on the company for light and
power.
REMOVING STOCK.
■Jc"armers Along tl»e Upper Sacramento
•;.'• ' • Taking Precautions.
. COLITSA, Dec 30.— One of the heav
iest rainfalls that this section of the
country has experienced in several
years began about midnight on Thurs
day and has continued without a let
up ever sicoe. The fall measures more
than 2 Inches, which makes the sea
eon's raitfall 8.43, as against 6.55 at
the came date laet season. S\ ■.-'•.■ ,
Advices from the Upper Sacramento
F&y the storm there has been very
heavy and still continues. The river
and creeks ar* rising rapidly, and all
farmers on the lowlands have, bees
Dotiflefl to move their stock to places
of safety. No serious damage is an
ticipated here -unless the storm is one
ADVERTISEMENTS. *?%&
| ~~, ~ ipjj i
= heller & frank "
cloYhVVrs
J $15.00. V
A They were late In tr&n- 7j
f*> «lt — about seventy - five 2
single and double breasted 5C
Sack Salts, all sizes, were TS;
to sell for J22.50 and $25. 5?
TO now marked fifteen 401- fe,
X laxs, to make room for lg
spring- models, about to t
W arrive. ; •
. §1 MARKET STREET S
'aj AND GRANT AVENUE 5
THE fear of poor crops engendered in the minds -of the farm
ers throughout the State by the non-appearance. -of rain has
been relieved by the downpour of the last few hoars. From
the sections or the State where the soil is * extensively 'tilled
and where rain and plenty of it has been prayed for come assur
ances that the present storm has brought only joy to the grain
grower and the cattle raiser.
The brisk southeast and southwest wind did little damage, in
the city and harbor. The barge Courser was capsized, but her
crew of three men was rescued by tugboats. The bar broke rough
ly during the blow and the departure of steamers and sailing ves
sels was delayed. .
of unusual severity. The farmers are
nil Jubilant'over the rain, for it almost
insures them full crops -of all kinds.
SACRAMENTO RISING.
Traffic Near Redding Delayed by the
Storm.
REDDING. Dec. 20.— Rain has been
fairing steadily for the past sixteen
hours and the streams in all parts of
Shasta, County are- higher than they
have been in years. Persons living- on
the banks of the streams are moving
their effects to higher lanCs. . Durmg
the past thirty-six hours three inches
of rain has fallen.
The Sacramento "River is rising at
the rate of one foot an hour and unless
the weather changes much damage
will be done in the lowlands. On some
of the roads leading into this place it is
impossible for trains to" travel owing to
the swollen condition of the mountain
streams. The storm has extended over
the entire county. In the mountains
snow has been falling all dayi
CROPS BENEFITED.
Wind and Rain Storm Doe s No Dam
age. In Monterey County. .
SOLEDAD, Dec. 30.— Half an inch, of
rain fell here to-day. The farmers,
who have # felt despondent because of
the continuance of dry weather, are
Jubilant. Growing crops will be
greatly benefited by the present rain
fall.
The rainstorm set in from the south
east, accompanied by a wind with a
velocity of sixty miles an. hour. It has
been raining here lightly but steadily
since this afternoon, with indications
of an all night downpour. The rainfall
at King City is a little more than the
precipitation here.
SHOWERS WELCOMED.
lUmchers Near Salinas Gladdened by
Generous Downpour.
SALINAS, Dec. 30. — It commenced
raining here about 3 o'clock this after
noon and the downpour has been in
cessant ever since. The rain is most
welcome, as the long drought has been
severely) felt in this county. Unless this
rain proves quite extensive the pros
pects for the season will be only fair..
Advices from the southern part of .the
county rejwrt a heavy downpour, from
Pajaro to San Luis Obispb. In the foot
hills and along the cattle, and sheep
ranches of the Gabilan and San Lucia
mountains the downpour. has been un
usually heavy.
Hollister Gets Drenching.
HOLLISTER, Dec. 30.—There has been
WOMAN SUFFRAGE MOVEMENT
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
our State we petition tha Legislature to put an
end to the present conditions which obtain In
our prlEons by adopting some plan of priFon
reform which ehall make these Institutions
comparable to those of other States of the
grade to which California belongs.
A resolution of regret at the death of
Professor Charles H. Allen, for many
years president of the San Jose Nor
mal School, was adopted.
The appointment of an annual Arbor
day by the k Department of Agriculture
was indorsed and the committee ap r
proved of the observance of such a
day in the schools of this State.
The movement to have "The Pinna
cles" in San Benito County made a na
tional park was indorsed. . The ratifi
cation of the various treaties of arbi
tration now pending . before the Unit
ed States Senate was urged.
Secretary .Fitzgerald was .. allowed
$100 for partial payment of her services
and the usual votes of thanks were ex
tended. '-'-:
LEGISLATIVE COMMITTEE.
The resolution instructing the presi
dent to appoint a legislative commit
tee of five to see to the enactment of
legislation Increasing the school rev
enue and raising teachers' salaries
brought on a discussion. Mark Kep
pel of Los Angeles succeeded In having
the number increased to "seven and to
Include two members from south of
TehachapL President Biedenbach ap
pointed* the following committee: State
Superintendent T. J. Kirk, W. J. Mc-
Clymonds of Oakland, D. S. Snedden of
Stanford, Alfred ' Roncovieri of San
Francisco, J, A. Bafr ' of Stockton,
Mark Keppel of Los Angeles and Ed
Hyatt of Riverside.' ' . '.;•■;!>:
A resolution indorsing the plan to'
re-cede to the United States the Yosem
lte National Park was tabled, several
members claiming the association was
not well enough acquainted with the
matter to take action.
The following ofl3cers of the High
School Teachers* Association were
elected: President, Dr. A. W. Scott of
San Francisco; vice president, M. Mc-
Kay of Chico; secretary, G. W. Wright
of Concord; executive committee,
George A. Merrill, C. L. Biedenbach, E.
M. Cox and F. H. Clark. " - .
Odd Fellows Return Money.
When the Odd Fellows' general
committee that had charge of enter
taining the Sovereign Grand Lodge of
the order in this city last September
had raised a sufficient sum from ' the
California Odd Fellovra to meet all
expenses, as ■ it was supposed, it ap
peared that when the matter tot elec
tric illumination was discussed the
committee - found itself short. The
committee went outside of the order
and obtained subscriptions ' from th.i
railroads, leading firms and- Individ
uals.- Recently the committee, on
closing up its affairs, found that it had
a surplus after paying all expenses
and it -voted to return* to each of the
cubscribers . outside of the order 60
•per cent of the subscriptiona'-v •"
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY/DECEMBER 31, 1904.
a steady downpour of rain since 2
o'clock this afternoon, and the indica
tions are that it will continue all night.
The wind reached a high velocity thU
forenoon and damaged a few buildings
and trees. The rain • will ' be ' of great
benefit to the county.
RAIN IN THE SOUTH.
Steady Downpour Saves the Feed
• .Crop of Santa Barbara.
SANTA. BARBARA, Dec. 30.— Rain
began falling steadily here at 4 .o'clock
this afternoon and shows no signs of
abating. Reports from . the northern
end of the county state that the storm
is general, and prospects seem good for
a fall of several Jnches. This is the
first rain in Santa Barbara since the
early part of September, when 8 inches
fell, and coming at the present time.it
will save the, feed and greatly, benefit
the crops. £ "'.; ■*.:
STORM IN. COLFAX.
Rain Falls in Torrents and Wind
Blows a Gale.
COLFAX, Dec, 30.— What has proven
to be the heaviest storm of the sea
son is now raging throughout this por
tion of the State. Rain at times fall
ing in torrents and accompanied by
heavy gusts of wind has not ceased for
thirty-six hours.
The storm is beginning -to tell on the
railway traffic, ""all trains being de
layed from one to five hours. The total
precipitation for the season has been
19.7,' inches.
CHICO CREEK OVERFLOWS.
Showers Swell Streams hi Lower Part
of Town.
CHICO, Dec. 30.— The rainfall for the
twenty-four hours ending at 6 o'clock
to-night amounted to 2.84 inches. The
streams are , exceedingly high. The
Little Chico Creek, in the lower part
of the city, > overflowed its banks.'
causing slight damage to the residents
in the neighborhood. No further
trouble is anticipated.
Rain in San Jose.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 30.— After a stiff
v.ind from the. south. all" night rain. be-J
gan "falling '.here at.. 10'i30 o'clock this
morning. The' rainfall to date for.' the
season is 6.63 inches, against 3.22. Inches
up to January 1 last year. •■-••■"'■»
Fierce Storm in Vallejb.
VALLEJO. Dec. 30.— A \errlflc rain
and. wind storm raged here to-day. At
11 o'clock a gale was blowing. Half an
inch .of rain fell in four hours. ,
CONVICTS AT FOLSGM ARE COWEO
Continued From Page i, Column 1.
disabled the rock crusher. He protest
ed that Morales threw the hammer and
Warden Yell is now convinced that
this is the fact..
The Warden believes Convicts Quin
lan. Hill, Morales and Findley were the
ringleaders In the plot to escape. With
the exception of Hill all were new pris
oners, admitted within the past year. '
USED HIS UMBRELLA.
Captain Murphy remained in his bed
to-day. Murphy was armed only with
an umbrella when Convict Findley
rushed at him with knife upraised.
"I had no idea that It was ,to
be an attempted break," said Captain
Murphy. "I thought it was simply a
case of a convict trying to get me in
satisfaction for a grudge. All I had
was an umbrella, and I used it to poke
Findley and keep him back for a time.
He kept at me. however, and then Hill
came to his aid and together they
seized me and led me up the stairs' to
the little bridge crossing the canal. I
tried to throw myself down, but they
pulled me up and kept me going, Find
ley prodding me in the back with his
knife to force me on. My back was cut
a number of times In this manner.
"They told me they did not intend to
hurt me, but I could see they were us-,
ing me as a shield in the hope thai
they' Could gain the guard post without
having the guards fire on them. I Bald:
That's' foolish, boys; you will all be
killed.' •
"Hill stopped and said, *Walt a min
ute, boys; let's talk this over,' but the
others called to him to come on. " '
"We went across 'the bridge over the
canal and down to the railroad track.
We had not gone more than five or six
feet along the track before the guards
opened fire. Hill was helping Findley
drag me along when he BUddeiily fell
to the ground. I received a shot in the
thigh and threw myself forcibly to the
ground, breaking loose from the man
holding me up. The guards then poured
a fusillade of shots into the prisoners
standing on the track, and the break
was over." • -', • —
ACETYLENE GAS TANK -; .
1 EXPLODES LV A CAR
Interior of • Coach Is Demolished : and.
; - Brakeman Frank Craig Ig ;"'
Slightly Injured.'
NEVADA CITY, Dec. 30.— An' acety
lene gas tank on a narrow gauge"
exploded last /night, 3 demolishing 'the'
Interior of the car and slightly injuring
Brakeman Frank Craig.- That. Craig
was the ,pnly cine hurt seema. mirac
ulous,' as' the 'section of the" car "in
which the explosion devoted
to the ; use 'of smokers, was crowde'dr
. *To Cure a Cold, in One Day
Take Laxatlre Bromo Quinine ' Tablets; All
druggists refund the money If it falls to cur«.
E. w. Grove's'slgnature.lst.oti each box. 26c,*
There is ho bne""s6 ' Hopeless as those
who do net make mistakes;-' . " ; ••;:;
Lively Blow, but
Little Damage
Is Done.
Barge Capsizes,
Throwing Crew
" in the Bau. ;
Storm signals . and a scurrying for
shelter of the fleets of small craft and
fishermen's boats yesterday morning
told of the coming of a southerly gale
that would not be pleasant for out or
in bound craft or the toilers of the bay.
Early Thursday night the wind com
menced to blow from pie southeast
and later It veered to the southwest,
tucked itself under the corners of
Mission housetops, fell upon the ship
ping in Mission harbor,. and threw.it
self against the worm-eaten piling of
docks at the south end with a fury
that promised a still greater exposi
tion of temper on the part; of the wind
god.
Every ship captain' whose vessel
was alongside a dock with a southern
exposure got out extra lines and pre
pared for a wild night of bump and
grind with the. wharves. Tugboats
got busy in their engine-rooms and
had up steam to reseue the big ships
that would strain at their anchor
chains in the middle harbor. Inbound
vessels beat on and off in the high
seas, reeled to shortened sails and
avoided the angry., looking bar that
was tossing with more whiteness than
a pillow fight in a young ladies' sem
inary. ■
Then came the lull and the down
pour of rain. The bay. and the ocean
fought the clouds, but- Boreas only
laughed at their belated efforts. The
wind ran the bluff and the water
called it — but it was too late.
When Chief Wharfinger Dick Welch
— politician sometimes and able sea
man always — went to bed night before
last he had trouble on his: mind. He
dreamed of dismantled piers and fer
ry depot adrift. He got up early and
proceeded to the water front and wae
pleased beyond expression to find It
there, with "Colonel". Tom Burgoyne
holdinghard to the storm signal hal
yardflr-that they /might not get "..too
badly tangled up witli'tpe disjointed
docks, ••; rt .-•,. t' *!r. -' >»
COLIRSER, ADRIFT.
Captain "Billyh " Manning: f of the
Spreckels Towboat Company was pip
ing the distant shores of Goat Island
to note if the Reliefs smokestack was
on straight, also toe see . whether a
stray barge had been bumped on the
forbidden, rocks of. that bleak . shore.
In .the midst of his studious observa
tion, of. the dangerous 'locality h« re
ceived . word tha't the barge Courser
had gone adrift,. 1 and that\from her
decks three men. .and a dog— without a
boat — were overboard and needed
help. ,. The Relief and the Liberty
steamed to the rescue and picked' up
the survivors. ..The dog was perched
on the shoulders, of one pf the rescued,
men j when, the tug. spied the, human
and canine derelicts. The man. who
had become the human raft was
clinging desperately to a floating tim
ber.,.
A. second survivor came ashore near
Crowley's boathouse and. in addition
to being chilled by the icy. waters. of
the' bay, he had lost a set* of false
teeth and Was, between shivering and.
lack of ability to, articulate, unable to
tell the. exact latitude and longitude
he was in. when he was cast adrift." "'
Assistant Chief Wharfinger John
Tyrrell was the busiest man on the.
water front. He was assigned the
task of discovering, whether .there waa
too. strong, a current in the' Sacra
mento TUver to permit of any one
making the. capital .before the legisla
tive session. John' Welch, Chief
Wharfinger Welch's brother, who
keeps a fashionable boarding-hotel in
the Potrerb, was at hand to report to
Captain John Martin of the Harbor
police station that the clams had been
driven up to his front door for feed
by the high water in the south section
of the city, and that each produced his
union label. Clerk "Dave" Craemer
made a note of this*. ■* •
>\ DAMAGE TO DOCK.
■ Main-street dock wa.s the only cine
on the front damaged to any extent
by the wind and waves. Several yards
of bulkhead were washed out there.
Weather Prophet McA die said that all
was well at the Cliff House a.nd that
the State had got a good drenching.
What promised to be a disastrous
gale had in reality done much good
for California and, barring marine'ac
cldents; that may be heard from later,
the storm was a great success.
In the* city nothing but awnings,
hats and. umbrellas suffered .from the
high "gale. At Third and ". Market,
where .the wind came down from the
dome of the Claus Spreckels building,
a good .natured crowd gathered and
a gang of small, boys earned .lO.lcenta
; pec hat . f or^ pvery headgear recovered
after.it had been caught in, the .-vortex
and sent roof ward. I , Umbrellas turned
inside; out and ladies had a hard time
crossing the street without assistance.
In the .Mission the. sewers failed to
carry off the surplus water, and several
'minor' "-'floods . of t basements were" re
ported. " Wires " were : prostrated and
on the east side ■. of the bay the ferry
boat landings , 'were with difficulty
made by the ' regular" passenger craft.
A blockade on the* Southern Pacific
ferry line compelled -the - race track
patrons to resort to the Key Route.
The waves at the Alameda' mole and
the ;■ Oakland . pier washed the wharf
planking* and it; was 'with difficulty
■that the ferries landed.' ' "'
VeryMittle 1 damage ,was done about
the city.; 1 In the, near the
ocean ,the w,lnd was"f elt severely, 1 and
BRITISH SHORE
SWEPT BY GALE
Several v Wrecks Caused by
the Fierce Storm Which
Descends Upon the Coast
STEAMSHIP OX THE BAE
Danish- Vessel Alabama Lies
in Perilous Position—Vast
Damage in the Interior
LONDON, Dec. 30.— A- fierce gale
from the Atlantic swept over the
United Kingdom to-day. Mountainous
seas were reported along the coast.
At- Stornsaway, outer Hebrides, the
Danish steamship Alabama dragged
her anchprs and stranded on Peninsula
Point."* Her engine-room and the stoke
hold sections were flooded. She is
leaklftg forward and has listed to star
board: "A small vessel with a crew of
ten men .foundered off Flam borough
Head. Yorkshire, on the North Sea.
The men' were picked up and landed
safely.
Several minor shipping accidents
have also been reported. Much damage
has been done inland and telegraph
and telephone wires are down. A
number of accidents due to flying
debris have been reported.
LABOR INTERESTS TO
BE LOOKED AFTER
More Officers Added to the Roll of
Those" Already Announced
. as Elected.
By the action of the San Francisco
Labor Council last night the interests
of the labor movement will be looked
after during the Incoming session of
the Legislature. With the object of
offsetting *any and all unfriendly
measures at Sacramento next month
and also to promote such measures
as may be of "benefit to organized la
bor the council delegated Walter Mac
arthur to represent the labor element
during the sitting of the Legislature
at the State capital.
In remuneration for the ; delegate's
time the council appropriated the sum
of $6 per. day" and traveling expenses.
A like sum. was also voted each to G.
B. Benham and H. M. Alexander, the
two delegates to the State Federation
of Labor, which will meet in Sacra
mento next week. These delegates
will, if necessary, co-operate with
Representative Macarthur in further
ing friendly legislative measures to
the men of toil.
The following officers were elected
by the Laborers' Protective Union
No. 9844 at its meeting last night:
President, Peter T. Kelly; vice presi
dent, Daniel Stewart; recording and
corresponding secretary, John H.
Weidemann; financial secretary, L. B.
Higglris; treasurer, • Patrick " Tierney;
trustee, D. J. Tiffany; conductor,
Michael Gleason; sergeant at- arms,
Cornelius McGlnley; .business agent,
Michael;; O'Leary; executive and ar
bitration committee", E. J. P. O'Riiey,
James Regan, Patrick Tierney, E. J.
Deaves, Frank Donnigan, Daniel
Stewart, Peter T. Kelly. •■. •
Fix Convention Date.
OAKLAND, Dec. 30. — The Repub
lican City Central Committee met to
night and fixed Friday, February 3,
as the date for the city convention.
The number of delegates to the con
vention was fixed at 195, apportioned
as follows: First Ward, 24; Second
.Ward, 31; Third Ward, 26; Fourth
Ward, 30; Fifth Ward, 27; Sixth
Ward, 25; Seventh Ward, 32.
at the Cliff House beach the waves
were very high.
The capsizing of the Western Fuel
Company's barge^ Courser luckily did
net involve loss of life, but the won
der is that it did not. Frank Chris
tiansen,' who was in charge of the
barge, made his home on board with
his wife and child. The Courser was
being roughly handled by the heavy
sea- "and it was decided to move her
from her berth at the little Mail dock
to Mission-street wharf, where there
was more sheltered water. Before the
tug" Relief puiled the barge away from
the Mail dock Mrs. Christiansen was
persuaded to come ashore with her
little girl. . Soon afterward the boat
turned turtle and there were only the
three men and a dog aboard..
Capsizing comes easy to the Courser.
It was' bottom-side up that she was
towed into this harbor fifteen years
ago and it Is not many months ago
since she sank at her moorings at Mis
sion-street wharf. As soon as the Re
lief pulled her out to where she got
the full force of the storm the barge
began to fill. She took a sudden dive,
buried her nose in the wind-swept
water and turned upsldedown.
THROWN INTO WATER.
Frank Christiansen, C. S. Christian
sen, Robert Sass and the dog' were
thrown into the water. Captain Ton
neson of the tug Liberty threw heav
ing' lines to Frank Christiansen, and
Sass and' both mien were soon board
the tuff. The other Christiansen was
carried away by the tide and it was
nearly fifteen minutes" before a boat
launched by the Relief picked up him
and the dog. The dog was taken into
the boat with Christiansen and both'
were dried In the Relief's engine
room.; Sass swam ashore unaided.
The tug Defiance towed the derelict
ashore at the north end of the sea
wall, -.where she will" remain until
• calmer weather makes it possible to
turn" her' upright again.
A Guaranteed Cure for Piles.
Itching, Blind, Bleeding or Protruding Piles.
Your druggist will refund money if PAZO OINT
MENT tails to cure you in ft to 14 days. SOc*
HAMBURG, Germany. Dec. 80.— Colonel
Lutweln. formerly Governor of German South
west Africa, who resigned that post some time
ago," arrived hert this morntnK.
HANDY ANDY, ':■
THE MAN OF GOOD .
INTENTIONS.
His Hair Tonic, at Least, Proves
- a ■ Pronounced Success.
IN NEXT SUNDAY'S
; COMIC SECTION. T;
CROOKED WORK
INVESTIGATED
Superintendent of Whittier
Eeforni School Is Haled
Before Governor of State
PETTY GKAFT ALLEGED
Trustees of the Institution
Called to Sacramento and
Examined bv the Executive
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 30.— Charges of
petty graft and laxity in management
bordering on criminality against Super
intendent Sherman Smith of the "Whit
tier Reform School have caused the
breaking of the storm that had long
hovered over that institution. As a re
sult of the dark clouds that suddenly
loomed up. Smith and the board of trus
tees. Dr. Walter Lindley, T. E. Newlin
and James Clarke, were called to Sac
ramento by the Governor and it is
said a hot conference was held behind
closed doors. - They returned to-day,
but would say nothing further than
that everything is satisfactory.
In a general way things have been
running smoothly at the Whittier re
formatory, with apparently perfect
harmony between the trustees and
superintendent, and good discipline
among the inmates, but rumors of
"graft" have from time to time been
heard regarding Smith. They reached
the State Board of Charities and Cor
rections and a committee consisting of
its vice president. Rev. Dr. J. K. Mc-
Lean and O. K. Cushlng, was appoint
ed to investigate.
Their report, together with that of
the secretary of the board, W. A.
Gates, was sent to Governor Pardee a
month ago. It reflected severely, not
only on Smith but on the trustees as
well.
It is said nothing will result from the
Investigation, whatever may have tjeen
found. There seems to have been a
desire on the part of all persons di
rectly interested, including the Gover
nor, to keep the scandal quiet.
DETECTIVES SEEK ACCUSED
MURDERER OF METCALFE
Photographer's Wife Is Still at City
Prison While Police Are Hunt
ing for Keeley.
The police are energetically search-
Ing for Edward Pierce Keeley, the
accused murderer of Bruce Metcalfe.
Descriptions of him have been wired
to nearby towns in order to prevent
escape, though the poHce think that
he Is lurking somewhere in this city.
Mrs. Metcalfe, because of whom the
murder was committed, is still held,
by the police. She is in a highly ner
vous state, appearing most concerned
for the safety of the man who sent
her husband to the grave. "Oh, I
could not testify against -him," she
remarked. Of any .one who spoke
with her yesterday she made the same
inquiry: "Did they catch him yet?-Dd
they know where he is?"
She admitted that she had been liv
ing with Keeley, offering as an ex
cuse that her husband was brutal to
her. But she stuck to her denial that
there was any conspiracy to kill Met
calfe. "I wanted a divorce," she said.
"I did not want him to be killed. It
was terrible."
The police are confident that they ;
have evidence to convict Keeley of
the crime. Four detectives are de- 1
tailed on the case, Dinan, Wren, Cole- |
man and Taylor.
The remains of Bruce Metcalfe have I
been taken In charge by Mrs. Chri3 I
F. Ryer. They will be interred to- j
day from her home, 721% Grove
street.
Sunday Festival.
St. Francis Sunday school held its
Christmas festival last evening at
Steinway Hall, when an entertaining
and. instructive programme was ren
dered to a large attendance. Brother
Bernard of St. Mary's College gave a
graphic lecture on the Holy Land,
with stereopticon views, and the Sun
day school sang . choruses. ■ "The
Brownies," a play in two acts, was
presented and songs were sung by
Charles E. Couture, J. C. O'Donnell,
Charles E. Bulottl. George W. Poult
ney and Thomas W. Lundy. Jack
Holland gave Italian specialties. The
orchestra was composed of Francis de
Andries, Willie Ryan and Joseph
Steffen, violins, and George Murphy
and Charles Steffen, guitars.
DIES SUDDENLY ON
TELEGRAPH- AVENUE CAJ*
E. II. Mellory of Berkeley Drops Dead
While on His Way to
Oakland.
OAKLAND, Dec. 30. — E. H. Mel
lory, residing at 2218 Union street.
Berkeley, dropped dead this evening
at 6:15 on a Telegraph-avenue car
while on his way to. Oakland. Mel
lory boarded the car at Berkeley and
had ridden as far as Idpra Park
when he was seen to sway as if dizzy
and a moment later he fell to the
floor. He wag hurried to Oakland
and taken to the. Owl drug store. A
doctor found'., that the man was al
ready dead. Mellory was 65 years of
age and was unmarried. He was a
native of Ohio and was well to do,
having struck it rich in the Klondike
a few years ago.
Students to Attend Conference.
BERKELEY, Dec. 30. — A score or
more of university students left this
afternoon for Pacific Grove "to attend
the sixth annual conference of the
International Students* Y. M. C. A.
Gustav White, president of the col
lege Y. M. C. A., headed the delega
tion. .The sessions at Pacific Grove
will begin to-morrovr and continue un
til January Students from every
college and academy, on the coast are
expected to be present. Prominent Y.
_M. C. A. men from' various parts' of
the country 'will, deliver addresses.
Field day events have been arranged,
as well and trips to points of interest
near Pacific Grove.
BLASTING SHAKESHOME.-C. F. Adans
yesterday eued ~ the Lantry-Sbarp Contracting
Company for $1000 damages alleged to have
resulted - during the last two years, from blast
ing. In tha neighborhood of the. plaintiff's home,
300 Pennsylvania street. Adams says Ms house
has been shaken from roof to foundation.
BARD WILL
NOT GO TO
SACRAMENTO
Continued From Pago 1, Column 3.
semblyman J. P. Transue of Los An
geles. The Flint forces claim that W.
I>- I* Held of Mendocino will rota for
the Los Angeles aspirant.
Senator* Henry W. Lynch of Mon
terey and Assemblymen Percy A. John
son of San Diego and Frank C. Prescott
of Redland3. together with Charle3 S.
Hardy of San Diego and Walter Parker
of Los Angeles, were at the Palace Ia#t
evening.
All the statesmen agree that General
Prescott ■will be chosen Speaker of the
Assembly without opposition. He ex
changed views with many of his fellow
lawmakers at the Palace yesterday.
In the Assembly one of the nominat
ing speeches fn behalf of Bard will b«
made by Miguel Zstudillo of Oronge.
who 13 a polished and eloquent speaker.
The list of nominating speeches in be
half of George A. Knight. Henry T. Ox
nard, A. Huef and Arthur Flak is not
complete.
The vacancy In the Seventy-flfth Aa
sembly District. Los Angeles, caused
by the death of J. H. Krimmlnger. will
not be filled. Had Mr. Krlmminger,
who was elected to the Assembly on
November 8. lived he would have voted
for Frank P. Flint for United State*
/Senator. By reason of the vacancy the
Legislature will consist of 119 members.
and only sixty votes will be required
to elect a Senator.
It is the Impression of General Pres
cott that the Legislature will complete
Its organization next Monday, so. that
the first ballot for United States Sen
ator may take place Tuesday, Janu
ary 10. •"■
PERSONAL.
H. P. Stabler, a Yuba City frultman,
is at the Lick.
George W. Hazen. of Portland Is at
the St. Francis.
F. A. Hihn. a Santa Cruz capitalist.
Is at the Palace.
C. Dudet of Mexico Is a recent ar
rival at the Palace.
T. L. Gates, a fruit grower of Vaca
ville, Is at the Lick. j> v ;
Mr. and Mrs. J. D. Davis of Wlll^ta
are at the Occidental.
■E. J. Ford of Honolulu arrived at tha
Occidental yesterday.
Dr. and Mrs. R. H. Campbell of New
York are at the Palace.
L. W. BHnn of Los Angeles arrived
at the Palace yesterday.
Thomas S. Ford, a mininff man of
Nevada City, is at the Grand.
State Senator John M. Anderson of
Orange County Is at the Palace.
G. L. Rickard and wife of Gold
field are registered at the Palace.
Heary C. Schroeder, Nevada Coun
ty's Assessor, Is a guest at the LMck.
Banker I. W. Hellman and -wifs
have departed on a trip to Europe.
W. 'G. Rand ■ and wife of BosFdn'ars
among the latest arrivals at the St.
Francis.
Louis F. Breuner, one of Sacra
mento's leading young merchants. Is at
the Palace. ~ .' -r
J. Parker Whitney, the Rocklln cap
italist and fruit grower, and his wife
are registered at the St. Francis.
John Martin, the well known capi
talist, and his family will leave for tha
East next week on a pleasure trip.
James A. Yertngton, the well-known
Nevada mining man, is down from
Carson City and staying at the Palace.
Walter F. Parker, assistant tax
agent of the Southern Pacific Com
pany, Is here from Los Angeles and
registered at the Lick.
Calif ornians In Washington.
WASHINGTON, Dec 30.— The fol
lowing Callfornlans arrived her* to
day: At the New Wlllard — Mr. and
Mrs. F. Scherskln of San Francisco.
At the Raleigh— John R. Aicken of Let
Angeles.
San Franciscans tn New York.
NEW YORK. Dec SO.— The followln*
Californlans arrived in Nev York to
day:
From San Francisco — Miss Brann
and Miss H. M. Murlson, at tha Earl
ington; C. C. Williams, at tha Conti
nental.
Will Repeat "Tbo aiessiah."
OAKLAND, Dec. 30. — Haadar*
famous oratorio, "The Messiah." will
be repeated next Sunday at tha First
Congregational Church. Many peo
ple were unable to gain admission to
the church on Christmas Sunday
evening and In deference to their
wishes the oratorio will be sur.jr again.
The service will begin as before at 7
p. m. instead of 7:30. A "watch
night" service will be held at the
church to-morrow, beginning at 11
p. m. and closing at midnight. Tha
service will be held In the audito
rium.
UNITED C1OAR ETORE3.— Certified article*
of the incorporation of th« United Cigar Store*
Company of New Jersey, which have already
been filed with the S»cr«tary of Stat* at Sac
ramento, wire filed yesterday at the County
Clerk's office.' The corporation has a capital
stock of I2.0C0.0VO an.! la establishing several
cigar stores fn this city.
An awkward man in- society Is usu
ally a thoroughbred In business.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Peculiar
To Itself
In what it 13 and what it does— con-
taining the best blood-purifvinst. al-
terative and tonic substances and ef-
fecting the most radical and perma-
nent cures of all humors and all erup-
tions, relieving weak, tircdt languid
feelings and huilding up the whole
systetn — is true only of
Hood's Sarsaparilla
No other medicine acts like it: no
other medicine has done so much real.
substantial good, no other medicine
has restored health and strength at
so little cost.- .
Hood's Sarsaparilla promises to
cure and keeps. the promise.*COUNTESS OF LIMERICK WILL MAKE
A CONCERT TOUR OF AMERICA.
To Raise Money for
Proposed Musical
College in Dublin
PERFORMS WELL
* ON THE PIANO
Known Specially in
Her Home in Ire
land for Charity
t LONDON. Dec 30.— Decidedly char
acteristic !a tlie Countess of Limerick's
plin 'to zn&ke a concert tour of the
United. Spates. Her idea is to get mon
ey for" the proposed musical college In
Dublin, in which she is keenly inter
.ested, and" to this end she will give a
TGeries. of pianoforte recitals In Ameri
can cities, beginning In February and
cqvering tiree months. That her Lady
shir, ■win please her audiences there
seems ho doubt, for she studied under
'Paderewski In Paris, plays the piano
like a "professional and was compli
mented on - her performances by the
late Queen Victoria.
Lady Limerick, whose husband is, of
course, the Earl, is a typical Irish
woman of the best class, rather tall
T/ith -fine eyes, dark hair, ■ a bright
Complexion and small, well-formed fea
tures. Charitable work is her hobby,
and .she has a faculty of hitting on
clever, schemes for making money and
C2.rfyir.g them through* to success.
• It was she'Xvho originally thought of
telling boxes of shamrock — the real na
tive grown article— for the Irish Sol
diers' and Sailors' Families* Associa
tion. The "shamrock industry" is now
* 'regular institution.
. The Countess of Limerick -was for
merly -Miss 'May Irwin, a clergyman's
daughter. She married the Earl In
XS*jT>, and. they have one son. the little
Viscount of ' Glentworth. - The Earl,
jrtjQ is the fourth of his title, is de
6cended.directly from the Plantagenets.
He owns 5800 acres and resides at Dro
more "Castle. County Limerick.
SERVICES HELD IX MEMORY
OF THE IROQUOIS VICTIMS
First Anniversary of the Great The
. ater Disaster Fittingly Observed
in Chicaso.
■ CHICAGO, Dec 30.— To-day, the
first anniversary of the IroquoJs Thea
ter fire, In which 575 persons perished,
a liemorial meeting was held in Wil
lard HaU, While the memorial exer
cises were in progress the theater in
which the disaster occurred was
closed.
In conneotion with the day's observ
ance, announcement was made that
President Reynolds of the Iroquois Me
morial Association expects to raise
JiO.OOO within sixty days with which
U>" purchase the site for a proposed
emergency hospital. Donations to the
building fund of the hospital during
the past year aggregate $100,000.
BANDITS THREATEN
A TOWX IX MOROCCO
Menace the City of Alrazar, Demand
ing Increased Sums From
tlie Peonle.
XETvT YORK, Dec SO.— The town of
Alvarar is again menaced by a large
number of mountain bandits belonging
to the Kaybles tribe, according to a
Herald dispatch from Tangier. They
are the same tribesmen who recently
besieged the town in consequence of a
dispute between a Moor and a Span
iard. The money then paid has mere
ly aroused their greed and they now
demand a much larger sum. The town
is not well prepared for a defense.
DOG CAUSES ACCIDENT
TO RAILWAY OFFICIALS
Tfaeir Automobile Thrown From tha
Track In Collision With the
Animal.
HONOLULU. Dec 23.— General Su
perintendent G. P. Denlson and Gen
era! Passenger Agent F. C. Smith of
the Oahu Railway had a narrow es
cape from death to-day owing to a cu
rious mishap. They were inspecting
the line in a railway automobile when
they ran into a dog:. The car was
thrown completely off the track and
both officials were badly bruised and
rendered unconscious. The dog, by a
Et range circumstance, was unhurt.
Sc-vr California Postmasters.
W ASHING TON. Dec. SO.— The Post
offlce DeDartment announces the ap
pointment of Mint Marguis as Post
master at Rosewood, CaL
ADVEnTISEaiENTS.
HELLO! HERE I AM!
They've labeled me 1905 and I'm brand
new. Wish you a happy new year and
lots and lota of 'era! If you're a man
and war.t nice clean linen and under gar-
ments it w!ll be a good scheme for you
to 6end *em around to the United States
Laundry. That's the place to g-et things
made clean for little money. Note the
number on your cuff — then send the cuff
here when it's soiled.
UNITBDSTATESLAUNDRY
1004 ETAR1CET STECTT..
Telesaon* South 430.
IRISH LADY "WHO WILL BOON* MAKK A CONCERT TOUR OF THE UNITED
STATES IN ORDER TO RAISE MONET FOR THE PROPOSED MUSICAXi
COLLEGE TO BE ESTABLISHED IN DUBLIN.
WILL CONTINUE
THE STRUGGLE
Employes of Massachusetts
Cotton Mills Decide by
Large Vote to Remain Out
FALL. RIVER, Mass., Dec. 30. — The
labor unions involved since last July
in a strike in a 12% per cent reduction
in wages in the cotton mills, by a vote
of approximately 2 to 1* approved of
the contest. The call for meetings of
the unions to vote on a continuanoe of
the contest was prompted by an agi
tation of the question whether the em
ployes should return to work for the
winter under the reduction and renew
the strike later if wages were not ad
vanced. It was also stated in mill
circles that the majority of the union
men were ready to return to work, but
that the leaders were keeping thepi
from doing so. Accordingly it was de
cided to submit the question to a vote
to-day. In a total of 1821 ballots cast
there was a majority of 971 in favor of
continuing.
This was the first formal vote on the
question taken since the action of the
unions In July beginning the strike.
The labor secretaries say the vote to
day shows that the union operatives
are Just as determined as ever to con
tinue the struggle. The union opera
tives, they assert, reflect the opinion
of a large majority of the help who
are not affiliated with any of the
unions.
The manufacturers expressed disap
pointment at the action taken by the
unions. They said, however, that there
was no hope of a restoration of the
12% per cent reduction and they pro
posed to continue attempts to run the
miils under the same conditions as they
have for the last seven weeks.
Will Renew Profit Sharing Plan.
NEW YORK, Dec 30. — The profit
sharing plan of the United States Steel
Corporation, under which employes of
the corporation are permitted to sub
scribe to the stock, will be renewed in
the coming year under terms which
have not yet been made known. When
the plan was first put out the subscrip
tion orice was $62 60 per share. Late
in 1903 the subscription prices were re
duced to $55 per share, the stock hav
ing had corresponding decrease in
value.
Decide to Accept Lower Wages.
CHICAGO, Dec. SO.— The steel em
ployes of the Illinois Steel Company
have decided to accept lower wages and
a twelve-hour working day proposed by
the company to go into effect January 1
In the plant at South Chicago.
Roumanian Cabinet Resigns.
BUCHAREST, Roumania, Dec 30.—
At to-day's session of the Senate, Pre
mier Sturdza announced that the whole
Cabinet had resigned In consequence of
the resignations of the Ministers of
Finance and of Domains.
If wives would continue to be sweet
hearts lots of husbands would cease to
pay their ciub dues.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, . DECEMBER : 31, . 1904.
NAN PATTERSON
MAY GIVE BAIL
Miss Irwin, the Actress, Of
fers to Furnish Security for
the Eelease of Prisoner
NEW YORK. Dec. 30.— May Irwin.
the actress, has offered to furnish bail
in any amount up to $50,000 for the re
lease of Nan Patterson from the Tombs
Prison, where she is now held charged
with the murder of Caesar Young, ac
cording to an announcement made by
Miss Patterson's counsel.
Miss Irwin called at the Tombs Prison
to-day and left a letter addressed to
the former showgirl and the announce
ment of the offer of bail followed a few
minutes after Miss Irwin went away.
"When District Attorney Jerome's at
tention was called to the offer of ball
he said he had no statement to make
and was not prepared to say what
course the prosecution would take. Miss
Patterson's bail before the recent mis
trial was 520,000, but after the Jury's
disagreement she was remanded with
out bail.
BOARD OF HEALTH MAY
A SEGREGATE THE LEPERS
Its Action Upheld by the United
States District Court In
Honolulu.
HONOLULU, Dec. 23.— United States
District Judge Dole has rendered an
Important decision on the question of
the right of the Territorial Board of
Health to segregate lepers. The matter
came up in the form of an application
for a writ of habeas corpus to obtain
the release of Mrs. MIkala Kaipu, a na
tive woman, held as a leper, it was
contended that she, as well as others
held asj lepers, had the right to an open
trial a'tid that In summarily seizing and
segregating her, the officers had trans
gressed against the Constitution of the
United States.
Judge Dole upholds the authority of
the Beard of Health in the point of law
and the question of fact is now to be
tried to ascertain whether the woman is
a leper or not.
DELAWARE REPUBLICANS
. REACH AN AGREEMENT
After Long Hours of Wrangling the
Legislature Effects Its
Organization.
DOVER, Del., Dec. 30.— The Legis
lature to-night in extra session, after
disputing nearly all day over a divi
sion of officers, effected an organlza-
Iticn, passed the bill extending to Jan
uary 1, 1906, the time when the new
Judgment lien law shall go .into tef
fect; also an appropriation bill cover
ing the expense of the extra session,
$610, and then adjourned until to
i morrow.
An agreement in the ; dispute over
[Officers was reached by the Union
(Addicks) Republicans conceding to
the regulars one-half the officers of
the Legislature. t with an understand-.
Ing ( that those selected would ; serve
only In the extra session. -
FOREIGN POSTS
FOR NEW MEN
President Decides Upon Many
Changes in the Diplomatic
Service of the Country
THOMPSON TO MEXICO
3Iinister to Brazil Wil^l
Get Place After Conger
Serves for Few Months
WASHINGTON, Dec. 30.— President
Roosevelt Is devoting some time at
present to the consideration of im
portant appointments in the diplomatic
and consular service of the Govern
ment, which are to be made formally
by him next March. Secretary Hay
had a conference -with the President
to-day before the meeting of the Cabi
net, and it is understood that the mat
ter of appointments in the diplomatic
service was one of the subjects dis
cussed.
While no official announcement of
the President's intention regarding the
positions . has yet been made, it is
known that he has decided upon sev
eral changes. Joseph H. Choate, Em
bassador to the Court of St. James,
has indicated that he does not desire
longer to continue es representative of
this Government in Great Britain, and
he expects, when relieved, to return to
America to look after his personal in
terests here. He will be succeeded by
Whitelaw Reid," proprietor of the New
York Tribune, who was at one t'*ae
Minister to France.
PORTER WILL RETIRE.
General Horace Porter, American
Embassador to France, will retire from
that post soon after March 4. He was
appointed by President McKinley, and,
with the expiration of his present term,
will have served the United States at
the French capital eight years. The
President has decided on General Por
ter's successor, but at this time no an
nouncement of his decision can be
made.
Charlemagne Tower, American Em^
bassador to Germany, and Robert S.
McCormick, American Embaasador to
Russia, will 4 continue at their respec
tive posts.
Bellamy Storer,. American "Embassa
dor to Austria-Hungary, will continue
«.n his present place until the President
decides to transfer him to another post
in the diplomatic service.
As to the Embassadorshlp to Italy
nothing of a definite nature can be said
now. It has been rumored that Km
bassador George von L. Meyer is to
succeed General Porter at Paris, but
it can be said that such a change Js
not certain. The probabilities are that
Embassadcr Meyer will remain at
Rome.
General Powell Clayton, having de
cided to relinquish his post as Embas
sador to Mexico at the end of the pres
ent administration, will be succeeded
by Edwin H, Conger, now United
States Minister to China. It is not
expected that Conger will continue
long at the Mexican capital, as it Is
understood that he intends to return
tc his home State of Iowa to be a can
didate to succeed Governor Cummins.
SLATED FOR MEXICO.
Clayton will be succeeded by David E.
Thompson of Nebraska, who at pres
ent is Minister to Brazil. Thompson
uccepted the appointment to Brazil
with the understanding that he would
be appointed to a higher place in the
diplomatic service as soon as oppor
tunity afforded,
Minister Conger will be succeeded at
the court of Peking by William W.
Rockhill, at present director of the
Bureau of American Republics, who is
recognized as an authority on all sub
jects pertaining to China and the Chi
nese.
John K. Gowdy, who was appointed
by - President McKinley as American
Consul General at Paris, will be suc
ceeded by Frank H. Mason, who is now
Consul General to Berlin. In succes
sion to Mason John Lewis Griffiths of
Indianapolis will be named.
It Is expected that some other
changes will be made in the corps of
American Ministers, but at this time
they are not obtainable for pub
lication. < s :. v
THEODORE THOMAS % SAID
TO BE SERIOUSLY ILL
Well Known Musician Confined to His
Home With an Attack of
the Grip.
CHICAGO, Dec. 30. — Theodore Thom
as, who is confined to his home with a
severe attack of grip, was unable to
conduct the weekly concert this after
noon in Orchestra Hall. At his home it
was said this evening that Thomas was
no better than yesterday. It is said
that his condition is serious, calling for
the greatest care, but Dr. S. F. Ely, the
attending physician, thinks there is no
immediate danger.
Array Orders.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 30.— By order
of the War Department' Sergeant of the
First Class John J. Connellan of the
hospital corps at Fort Jay, New York,
will be sent to the depot of recruits and
casuals at Angel Island, CaL, and be
sent to Manila on the transport sailing
from San Francisco about February 1.
Sergeant Newman Scales of Company
L, Tenth Infantry, at the Presidio, San
Francisco, is transferred to the signal
corps as a private. He will be sent to
Benicla Barracks for duty. Private Ar
thur E. Richmond of Company F,
Twenty-first Infantry, at the Presidio,
San Francisco, will be discharged from
the army by the commanding officer of
his station under the provision of sec
tion two of general orders No. 48 March
15. This soldier is not entitled to travel
pay.
FREE A FREE
PLUM PUDDING
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
LIBBY'S
HOME-MADE
PLUM PUDDING.
Free With Every Small Ad in
Sunday Call.
See Small Ad ': Page for Further
Particulars.
BARRIE'S STAR
IN ASCENDANT
Now Disputes With Pinero
the Title of the Fore
most English Dramatist
HIS MASY. SUCCESSES
Dancing Doll Fails to Draw
Londoners to Theater and
It Is to Be Taken Off
Special Dispatch to Tb« Call.
LONDON, Dec. 30.— For several years
Henry. Arthur Jones was -in a position
to dispute Pinero's title of foremost
English dramatist more or less success
fully, but of late Jones has dropped
out of the running and given place to
the witty and resourceful author of
"The Little Minister." Since Pinero
made his last big hit Barrie has made
three with "Crlchton," "Quality Street"
and "Little Mary." Probably he will hit
it off again with the new play which
he wrote a while ago for Ellen Terry.
In the meantime the most eagerly
awaited item of the season is Barrie's
new fantasy for children — and older
folk, too — which he calls "Peter Pan;
or. The Boy Who Wouldn't Grow Up."
This is a fairy story in three acts, and
no one who read "The Little White
Bird" will need to be told that it re
veals the author in his happiest and
most, original mood. r The piece will be
produced at the Duke of York's, and if
It pleases Londoners will be given in
the United States early in the new year.
A REAL FAIRYLAND.
Its hero, Peter Pan, is a boy, who
has the misfortune to overhear his
parents discussing what they will make
of him when he grows up, whereupon
he determines never to grow up and
promptly starts for fairyland. This
fairyland, by the way, is by no means
of the pantomime order, but that of a
child's imagination — filled with pirates,
redskins, crocodiles, wolves and other
fearsome things, such as Barrie loves
to think about. There will be a touch
of pathos, too. In one of the scenes,
which will show tender-hearted moth
ers who have lost their little ones seek
ing for their boys or girls.
It is promised that the scenic effects
of this play will be of the most aston
ishing kind. The cast which will give
the play in London will be a particu
larly strong one, including Nina Boucl
cault, who made such a hit in "Little
Mary"; Gerald du Maurier and Pauline
Chase, the erstwhile "pink pajama
girl." v
PIXERO'S DOLL A BORE.
Fifty-eight performances has ended
Pinero's comedy, "A Wife Without a
Smile." Certainly no play ever got a
more magnificent advertisement than
was bestowed gratuitously upon this
"comedy in disguise," but all the talk
about the doll's suggestiveness and all
the fits thrown by Stead failed to draw
the London public for more than eight
weeks.
One would have thought that Stead's
declaration that he had been "made to
laugh at hell" and the somewhat hys
terical appeals to the Censor of other
critics would have resulted in the
doll's dancing for 500 nights. No doubt
it would have, had the public also
found the play immoral. Instead, it
seems to have found it merely-'a bore,
and so the "Doll's House," as some one
dubbed Wyndham's Theater, will close
on Saturday evening next.
It wilPdo Pinero's reputation no
good. Perhaps as it Is the author of
"Quex" ought to be grateful, for if it
had not been for the discussion over
the antics of the doll probably "A
Wife 'Without a Smile" would not have
run for a fortnight. But it's four years
or so since Pinero had a real success
and . those are not lacking who affirm
that the premier playwright is written
out. "Iris" was a comparative failure,
and "Letty," which William Faver
sham is now using at home, had hard
ly 100 nights to its credit when it fin
ished at the Duke of whereas
"The Gay Lord Quex" was played 400
times or more.
What must make the situation espe
cially annoying to Pinero is the fact
that his younger rival, J. M. Barrie, Is
going stronger than ever.
"FAUST" UP TO DATE.
Owen Hall has an original turn of
mind, and for the new burlesque,
which he is writing for George Ed
wardes, he has hit on a rather novel
idea. He has written a new version of
"Faust,", in which Mephistopheles be
comes a policeman and escorts Mar
guerite around the town. When com
pleted the new burlesque will be pro
duced at the Gayety. George Dance,
who wrote "A Chinese Honeymoon," is
helping Hall with his libretto.
A new play by Captain Marshall,
who wrote "The Duke of Klllicrankie,"
will be produced in London by Charles
Frohman about the end of January.
Eva Westcott, the American girl who
came over with the "Prince of Pilsen"
company, and, like Camille Clifford,
stayed behind, is now doing a success
ful turn at the Palace Music Hall.
SHERIFF PLACES GUARD
AROUND HIS PRISONER
Takes Precautions to Prevent Violence
to Former President of a De
funct Bank.
O'NEILL, Nebr., Dec. . 30.— Sheriff
Hall reached here to-day from Phoe
nix, Ariz., with President , McGreevy
of the failed Elkhorn National Bank of
O'Neill. "'A crowd had waited most of
the night at the depot, but there was
no violence. Sheriff Hall took his
prisoner to the County Jail, where he
was placed in a cell . and a guard put
about the Jail. While the Sheriff does
not anticipate serious trouble, he has
taken steps to guard against such an
emergency and will do everything nec
essary to prevent violence to his pris
oner. '*.''"
Naval Cadets to Be Taught Jiu Jitsu.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 30.— Secretary
Morton to-day said it had been decided
to have Jiu-jitsu.^ the Japanese science
of .wrestling, taught at the naval acad
emy. The. President is, much interest
ed in the; Japanese, styleof wrestling
and cordially approves of Its introduc
tion at ; the naval academy.
Don't cry, over spilled milk or money
that is loaned. - _
BISHOP'S FRIENDS
STAND ACCUSED
OF INTIMIDATION
HERBERT NOBLE MAKE8CHARGE
Says They Caused Refiudia
tion of the Presentment
Against Talbot.
v. PHILADELPHIA, Dec SO.— Herbert
Noble of New York, one of the leading
figures In the controversy between Dr.
Talbot and Rev. Mr. Irvine, who has
been here Jn connection with the case,
said to-night that intimidation had
been practiced in getting the Hunting
don signers to repudiate tha present
ment against the Bishop.
"The friends of Bishop Talbot," ha
said, 'had an agent at work, and we
know who this agent is. We have had
detectives on the case, and to-morrow
we will make a statement and disclose
aU? the facts to the public. We know
this agent has done his best to break
the powerful presentment, and the re
pudiations are the result.
"Even if the Huntingdon signers do
Insist upon repudiating the presentment
it will not invalidate the instrument,
which even then would have more
signers than are necessary."
Noble held a conference with J. Fred
erick Jenklnson and Agnew McBride,
two of' the Philadelphia signers of the
presentment, and Rev. W. B. Bodlne,
who is chairman of the board of in
quiry that will hear the case at Read-
Ing, Pa., next month.
W. A. Wilson, another Philadelphia
signer, confirmed the statement made
by (the Huntingdon signers that they
signed a blank sheet of paper, but add
ed that all the presenters attached
their names to the original paper. The
signatures to the blank paper, he said,
was for the purpose of making another
copy of the presentment If one was
found necessary.
Opinion is still divided as to whether
the board of inquiry, owing to a new
canon going into effect on January 1,
will have the right to take up the case.
It Is now believed that nothing will be
done until the board meets on January
10, when the members of that body will
themselves decide the question.
Dr. Irvine held a conference with
Noble and Hartwell P. Heath of New
York, Noble's partner, which lasted
until after midnight. When Dr. Irvine
was informed that the Huntingdon
signers persist in declaring that they
did not knowingly sign a petition
against BlshoD Talbot, he made the
following statement:
"I have no knowledge as to how the
signatures to the presentment were ob
tained. I have certainly misrepresented
no feature of the case to any one. I
sent the presentment through the mails
to W. S. Miller of Huntingdon to obtain
the signatures of those persons rn the
city willing to sign a presentment. I
have the utmost faith in the honesty,
straightforwardness and uprightnesss
of Mr. Miller, and I do not think he
used any dishonorable means to secure
the signatures of those men whose
names appear upon the presentment."
MRS. ELLIOTT PLEASED.
Hears of Repudiation by Some of the
Signers.
HUNTINGTON, Pa., Dec. 30. —
There is no abatement here in the in
terest In the controversy between Dr.
Irvine, the deposed rector /of St.
John's Church, and Bishop Talbot of
the Central Pennsylvania diocese. Es
pecial interest was taken in the state
ments of some of the local signers
that they had unwittingly signed the
presentment.
James Denithorne, one of the men
whose names are on the presentment,
came out with a statement to-day, in
which he said:
When the subject of a review of the case
was first broached to me it was In the shape
of a nicely worded letter from Dr. Irvine to
Mr. Htllier. The letter asked that a review
of the controversy be petitioned for with the
idea of an amicable settlement of the differ
ences between Bishop Talbot and Dr. Irvine.
For the sake of the church Mr. Lanrdon and
myself thought It would be best to have tha
case reviewed.
Mrs. Elliott appeared to be pleased
when she learned that some of the
Huntington signers had repudiated
the presentment. She said:
I knew there was something wrong about
the proceedings and I do not think they will
have much difficulty In finding the source of
the trouble. I thought It was strange that
John Langdon would appear as a presenter of
charges against the Bishop, who confirmed
him only last spring and whom he entertained
at his home and table.
Henry W. Petriken, Mayor of this
city and one of the witnesses called to
the Reading inquiry, was the attorney
for Dr. Irvine in the church and civil
trials here. He says he does not see
how the inquiry can proceed if the
names of any of the signers are re
pudiated. He said:
That. repudiation must be made In a formal
statement to the court of Inquiry, otherwise
the presentment will hold and the court hav«
Jurisdiction. There is something: strange about
the entire proceedings and I am not qualified
to express an opinion until I learn more of
the facto.
James Denithorne declared to-night
that' Miller hadN^ceived a telegram
from Dr.. Irvine in which the un
frocked priest asked Miller not to say
anything and that he had written each
of the presenters a letter explaining
the alleged misrepresentation.
In reiterating his statement that he
did not knowingly sign the present
ment, John - Langdon, the. coal oper
ator, said to-day:
I am fully convinced that a plot was formed
to set Denithorne and me Into this controversy.
Dr. Irvine hoped that our influence would
lend weight to his case against Bishop Talbot
We will Get after both Irvine and this man
Miller and the whole truth will come out.
TALBOT REMAINS SILENT.
His Wife Would Have Him Make a
Statement. ,
SOUTH BETHLEHEM, Pa., Dec.
30.— Bishop Talbot's friends have
vainly urged him to make some state
ment for publication. Mrs. Talbot
said to-day:
- w - 1 .' only , wlih th« Bishop would talk fre«ly
for publication. It would b« a very interesting
chapter and would shed an entirely new Uglst
on this unfortunate matter. Be has some very
Interesting letters that might h« given to th«
public, although wm« of them «*• suoksd
••prlY««."
Th« Bishop feels that hts position U * very
oliacult one. and to »rol<l criticism h» h*»
choaen to remain silent. He la still la o£2ce.
and the other raan la not. If tha Bishop mad*
a statement the newspapers and publlo would
b« more than likely to criticize him. arguta*
that Bishop Talbot. with all Ms power, wu
still pursuing ' and oppreaslnr th« lew for
tunate ana less powerful man. Thxt is my
husband's unfortunate position.
If I had my way and my daughter h«r».
Bishop TaJbot would remain mute no leaser,
but would simply make a plain statement la
Justification of himself. There Is much, ytry
much, that he might tell, and I wish that h«
would. However, the Bishop Is not governed
In this Instance, at least by me. and h» will
follow the line that ha thinks best.
ANOTHER 3IAX ACCUSED.
Said to Have Given Confidential Let-
ter to Dr. Irvine.
NEW YORK, Dec 30.— Th» Hsrald
will gay to-morrow regarding: tha Tal
bot case: Charges of a serious nature
are to be made at the Talbot hearing
against the person who Is responsible
for the delivery to Dr. Irvln© of. a copy
of a confidential letter addressed by
the Bishop to the Rev. Dr. Samuel Up
john 'of Philadelphia. It Is reporttd
that the original document is in tha
possession of the Bishop himself, and
was not destroyed. The copy, on which
the charges of libel and falsehood
against the Right Rev. Dr. Talbot were
based, was obtained from a duplicate
sent to the Rev. John Fulton, -who dis
claims all responsibility for the act.
Dr. Fulton knows who is responsible
for the delivery of a copy to Dr. Irvine,
It is reported, and he will brine an ac
cusation against him.
MAY BE A HITCH.
>*ew Canons Likely to Interfere With
the Case.
BOSTON, Dec SO. — Charles O.
Saunders of this city, one of the lead
ing authorities on canon law of tha
Episcopal church, is of tha opinion
that the. proceedings instituted under
the laws will be uncanonical after Jan
uary 1, the day the new canons
adopted at the triennial convention In
Boston in October become effective.
The opinion of Saunders is consid
ered important, as he was secretary
cf the committee of revision of the
canons and the member of the last
House of Deputies, who formally pre
sented the revised laws to that body
There is no provision In the new
canons for the disposition of the cases
begun under the old laws which may
be pending when the revised canons
go into effect.
If Bishop Tuttle decides that the
existing presentment against Bishop
Talbot is Irregular the present pro
ceedings can be dropped and a new
presentment made to conform to the
provisions of the revised canons.
HONOLULU MISER LEAVES
ESTATE WORTH $200,000
Distant Relatives and Friends Faro
Well, While Nephew Gets 3§j£|
bnt Little.
HONOLULU, Dec. 23.— George Gal
braith, an Irishman more than SO years
of age, died two months ago, leaving an
estate of $200, 000. He was a miser and
lived in squalor. He left a carefully
drawn will, devising most of his prop
erty to distant relatives and boyhood
friends in Belfast and County Galway,
Ireland. His only relative here, a
nephew, was left an annuity of only
$300 and an attempt is to be made to
break the •will. Several lawyers are
already at work in the case.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PADTFRSl CUEE SICK HEADACHE *
EShTTiE Genuine Musi Bear
1 1 VER ' Fao-Simils Signature
lag 1 /£&*>#&£&*£
34
JAPAN RECOGNIZES POWER OF PRESS
Allows More Lat
itude to Cor
respondents.
Writers From
Front Return
on China.
Two war correspondents direct from
the front arrived from the Orient yes
terday on the lin?r China. Franklin
Clarken has been with the Japanese in
Manchuria, representing the Kew York
Evening Post, and Alexander Graham-
Simpson of the London Daily Tele
gTaph was withlhe Russians until the
Japanese captured him at Liaoyang.
Clarken is the first correspondent to
come home without a grievance against
the Japanese. Before he left the front
i he bars behind which an army of war
correspondents rusted for so many
month* were let down and with few
restrictions the men with the pen wer£
given the run of the fighting zone..
Clarken witnessed the battle of the"
Shihliho and there saw the Japanese
infantry and artillery in full action
for six days. ,
The Japanese wou'.d not allow the
correspondents to see their cavalry', of
which they ar<? not particularly proud,
in action and stipulated that though in
eyery other respect the newspaper
men's movements would be unrestrict
ed, they must always be accompanied
by a Japanese officer. The reason for ,
this, says Clarken, is that many of the
Japanese troops have never seen a
white man. To them all not Japanese
are Russians and as these untraveled
Japs are in Manchuria for the purpose
of ridding the land of the Czar's sub
jects, none of the correspondents were
anxious to take chances of a mix-up
in Identity.
Clarken does not believe there will
be any winter fighting ynlessthe^Rusr
*ians take the aggressive. "Tfie Japan
ese army in Manchuria, he says, is
sadly in need of a rest and most of the
regiments are mere skeletons of their
original strength. ' The veterans must
rest and recruits are a necessityi as
the Russians are slowly but surely
gaining in strength. Many troops have;'
been withdrawn from Manchuria and
taken to Port Arthur, the siege of
which ha6 been terribly expensive in
Japanese lives.,
Alexander Graham-Simpson was with
the Russians but has little praise for
the Slav. Kuropatkin, he says, is one
the' world's greatest generals, but is
handicapped by the poor material of
which his army is composed. The Rus
sian officers are incompetent, says the
British correspondent, and the men
woefully ignorant. Few of the men
know what they are fighting for. and
the rest do not want to fight. Of the
Russian enlisted men only 25 per cent
can read or write. Many of the Cos
sacks, be says, had expected to find
the Japanese armed with bows and
arrows and were greatly surprised' to
find a foe that not only carried up-to
date arms but knew a few things
about their use.
Grah?.m-Simpson believes that Rus
sian supremacy In the Orient would be
a real peril to the rest of the world and
declares Russia the most warlike na
tion on oarth.
The London Telegraph's representa
tive was captured at Liaoyang. As
a Britisher he is leisurely in his move
ments. The Russians retired with some
haste and before Graham-Simpson re
alized that a retreat was in progress,
he found himself in the. middle of the
Japanese army. He was sent under
escort back to Japan. He was treated
kindly, he says, and as his capture
came at a time when he was growing
very tired of Russian companionship,
he rather enjoyed the experience.
Another passenger on the China was
Commander M. Tanaka of the Japan
ese navy, who is going to London to In
spect certain purchases of war supplies
for 'the Mikado's navy. Tanaka says:
"I understand no English," and with
bows «nd smiles declares, in panto
mime, that upon his word of honor,
that small sentence is the limit of his
acquaintance with the language of his
very dear friends, the American news
paper men. ERSB
STEAMSHIP DR.UMELZIER .
BREAKS ON THE . BAR
Great Part of th<s Valuable Cargo, It
Is Believed. Will Be
KBW YORK, Dec: 30.— The British
steamship Drumelziei-, which went
aground on the sandbar off Fire Island
during the Btorm last Sunday, has
broken in two amidships and It is be
.IJeved -much of her valuable cargo
will be a total loss.
,,Any man is apt to hue a delusion If
it wears petticoats. >■»■ .
SCOTT'S EMULSION.
SCOTT'S EMULSION
Scott's Emulsion.
Scott's Emulsion
Scott's Emulsion .
— the. old story, told times
without number and repeated
over, and over again- for the
last thirty years: But it's
ahvays a - welcome, story to
those in need of strength and
heajth.^ ..There's nothing in
the^world that steps wasting
diseases as quickly as,,$cott's
Emulsion.-- : - - !
W«T1 .end yo « a sample, fres
SOOT^* *>***» M^l Strew, Ntw Yort.
TWO WAil CORRESPONDENTS WHO RETURNED YESTERDAY ON THE |
STEAMSHIP CHINA FROM THE SCENE OF WAR IN THE FAR EAST.
BOTH WERE AT THE FRONT AND SAW CONSIDERABLE FIGHTING.
DEFICIT SHOWN
AT YEAR'S END
Expenditures Have Exceeded
Receipts' of the Nation
by Twenty-Two Millions
"WASHINGTON, Dec. 30.— The Treas
ury Department to-day Issued a review
of treasury operations for the calendar
year 1904. The treasury receipts for
the calendar year i904 were 5540,000,000,
and the expenditures (including the
Panama payment) 5562,000,000 — a deficit
for the year of 522,000,000. As compared
with the previous calendar year the
receipts show a falling off of $8,000,000
and the expenditures an increase of
550,000,000. Civil and miscellaneous ex
penditures increased- 515,000,000; War
Department expenses, 59,000,000; Navy
Department expenses, $23,000,000; pen
sions, 52,000,000, and interest 51,000,000.
The Increase in interest is due to the
fact that a portion of the . interest of
1903 was : 'anticipated in 1902. The fig
ures do not include the postal receipts
and _ expenditures except that the pos
tal deficit, is- included in the civil and
miscellaneous expenditures.'
Imports for.. the .first' eleven . months
of 1904 were 5939,000,000— an" increase
over' the corresponding period of. 1903
of $22,000,000. Imports free of duty for
the same period increased $42,000,000,
while dutiable Imports decreased 520,
000,000. In 1903 43% per cent of the im
ports were free of 'duty,' while In 1904
47 per cent were free of duty.. Practi
cally the entire increase in free im
ports was in three articles — coffee, in
diarubber and raw silk. Although du
tiable imports decreased 520,000,000, raw
sugar and wool show increases aggre
gating $28,000,000. All other dutiable
imports decreased nearly $50,000,000. Of
this decrease $20,000,000 was in Iron and
steeL
Other noteworthy features of the
treasury transactions in 1904 were the
payment out of accumulated surpluses
of $50.000,000. for the right of way for
the Panama canal; the redemption of
the outstanding . 5 per cent bonds due
February 1, 1904, and the various calls
'on the national bank depositaries .for
the return of a portion of their public
deposits. The redemption of 5s during
the calendar year was , approximately
$6,000,000. Public fundson deposit with
the banks were red uc€a" from $166,000,000
on January 1,. 1904, to $113,000,000 at the
close of the year. The colls on the
banks to mature early in 1905 will fur
ther; reduce these deposits and ' replen
ish the cash in the general fund of the
treasury to the extent . 523/JOO.OOO.
'The cash in the treasury, exclusive
of th& gold reserve and gold and silver
coin held against outstanding -certifi
cates, was $320,000,000 on January 1,
1904. At the close of the year it was
$240,000,000, a decrease of $80,000,000 for
the year.
Suspected Footpad Sentenced.
OAKLAND, Dec 30.— Andrew An
derson, who was arrested by Police
man John Sherry and found carrying
a . big pistol and black cloth mask,
pleaded' 'guilty to-day in the Police
Court to charges of carrying a con
cealed weapon "and vagrancy. Ander
son was sent to jail for fifty days and
Elx months on the respective Charges.
He had been suspected of . being the
footpad ' who - murdered . Policeman
George W. Brown.
THE SAN FRANCISGO CALL, SATURDAY. DECEMBER 31, 1904.
TAKES HIS LIFE
WITH MORPHINE
San Francisco Physician
Commits Suicide in Hotel
in the Town of Coif ax
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COL.FAX, Dec. 30.— Dr. Henry Baxter
Wilson, registering from San Francisco,
committed suicide by taking morphine
in his room at the Mountain View Hotel
this morning.
Dr. Wilson arrived at Colfax Thurs
day morning, having come from Reno.
He spent the day visiting the several
business places of the town and mak
ing inquiries as to the advisability of
his opening an office here. Returning
to the hotel in the evening he spoke
cheerfully to several persons there,
stating his purpose to make Colfax his
home. He retired at an early hour, ap
parently in the best of spirits.
It was noted this morning that he did
not come down to his breakfast, but
no anxiety was felt until the lunch
hour had passed without his having
put. In an appearance. A clerk was
sent to investigate and it was discov
ered that Wilson's door was locked and
no response was made to the calls. The
door waa then forced open and the
lifeless body of Dr. Wilson was found
lying on the bed. -V".
A hypodermic syringe and two
empty phials that had contained mor
phine told the story of how his life
was ended. Scars on the arms of
ceased showed him to have been ad
dicted to the use of the drug for a long
time. .
SENATOR 3IITCIIELLI GOES
BACK TO WASHINGTON
Leaves Portland for Capital, Saying
Pressure of Public Business De
mands His Presence.
PORTLAND, Or., Dec. 30.— Senator
John H. Mitchell, who came to Port
land last week to appear before the
Federal Grand Jury In connection
with the land- fraud investigations
which are being prosecuted ,by the
Federal Government, left for Wash
ington, D.C., to-night.
Senator Mitchell . in an interview
just before the departure of his train
said that he could see no reason why
he should remain in Portland longer,
and thinks his public duties. in Wash
ington demand his presence in the
capital city, where, many Important
measures relating to the.gootf of Ore
gon and the Northwest are pending
before Congress. '
PROPOSED BRANDY TAX
AROUSES: OPPOSITION
FRESNO, Dec. 3^— At a mass
meeting, in which was represented al
most every wine grower and manu
facturer- in the San Joaquin Valley
this afternoon a resolution protesting
against the imposition of a tax on
brandies used in the fortification T of
sweet wines was adopted and ordered
telegraphed 1 to Washington to'Callfor
niav - representatives. The • resolution
declares that the Government * would
be acting In bad faithi should it place
the tax on the brandy,. for without the
tax i the sweet ;wlne' industry ; has been
allowed to grow. > With 'the* tax im
oosed the ! industry ■ must - die. . *.
SLAVS INFLICT HEAVY
LOSSES ON ENEMY.
Report Is Current in St. Petersburg That
, Cruisers Orel and Izumrod Have
Been Ordered to Return.
LONDON, Dec. 31.— A dispatch from Chefu to the Daily Tele
graph says: "A messenger from Port Arthur states that the Japanese
have mounted eight guns commanding positions north of the Etze
forts, but they suffered heavy losses by the Russian fire. The Rus
sians have abandoned the new town, but the Japanese have been
unable to occupy it because of fear that it has been mined."
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 30.— A re
port that the cruisers Orel and Izum
rod of the second Pacific squadron
have been ordered to return Is cur
rent here, but, lacks , official confirma
tion. If the report should prove true
Vice Admiral Rojestvensky may be
obilged to await reinforcements from
the third Pacific squadron.
*SAYS FORTRESS IS DOOMED".
Russian Writes of Existing Conditions
at Tort Arthur. .-': ; ' : C'; J
TOKIO, Dec. 30.— The Navy Depart
ment published to-night a letter written
by a man on_ the battleship .Sevastopol
which had fallen into the hands of the
Japanese. The writer despairs of the
relief of the fortress and tells of the
destruction wrought by Japanese
shells. He says the Russians are re
signed to their fate and are deter
mined to fight to a finish rather than
suffer, the shame of surrender owing to
starvation. Following is' the text of
the letter:
The fortress cannot resist after December.
Thf progress of the enemy In reducing our
principal line of outer defences is not fully
ki.ovvn. but it is irresistible.
We are sadly disappointed over the non
arrival of the second Pacific "squadron and are
daily nearing ■ our miserable end.
General Stoessel's so-called Impregnable line
of outer defenses la now a myth:. With 203-
Meter Hill lost the fall of Port Arthur cannot
be avoided. Its capture by the Japanese means
the fall of the town, however strong the other
defenses. ' ■ .
The new town is at the mercy of the enemy's
fire. The old town alone is defendable and
here alone may resistance be prolonged.
Two-thirds of the defenders of 203-Mete?
Hill were lost.
The Sevastopol, which was exposed to the
enemy's tire in the daytime, on the night of
December 8. without being towed, left the
harbor with only 111 instead of her comple
ment of CCO souls. When she. went out she
had her nets down, but was struck . twice
by the enemy's torpedoes and was beached.
Irreparably damaged. General Stoessel highly
praised the officers and crew of the ship.
Fuel Is almost unobtainable and It is Im
possible to keep our bodies -.warm. »
We no. longer have a wireless telegraph sys
tem and have no means of ' communicating
with the outside' world, -v Our Isolation is com
plete.. There .is no news, .and .we, have had
no Information for a lone; 'time;'* *' ]
It la impossible to smuggle ammunition.
The captain of the King" Arthur brought only
barley. «^ 7;.
(The King Arthur,. British, steamer,
was cautpred December 19, while at
tempting to leave Port Arthur, by; the
Japanese guardship Asagari. She had
on board Russian naval officers who
were attempting to join the Russian
Second Pacific Squadron.' She Is now
at Sasebo undergoing trial.)
There is a large hole in the Hull of the
Sevastopol and she is completely disabled.
All that remains for those on board her Is
to do their utmost In repulsing the enemy's
attacks. ■ ■
The enemy's torpedo-boats came close to
the Sevastopol and attacked her as if they
were going through ordinary maneuvers.
Should the Sevastopol sink we are to land
at a place already decided upon. All are,
however, prepared to fight to the very last.
On us of the Sevastopol depends the duty of
retaining the honor of the navy and avoiding
the shame and humiliation of threatened star
vation. We would rather die than be ■ thus
shamed.
From December 1 the enemy's ten-Inch shells
began to fall on the . deck of the Sevastopol
and some of them pierced through the decks
to the bottom of the ship. < - ~
\Vho Is responsible for the fate we face?
It Is he who did not give instructions for
the prevention of a' Japanese landing on the
Ltaotuni Peninsula, ...
Among our officers there, are very few who
dare" to brave death,' the majority having no
other desire than to save their own lives, but
■we are determined to die fighting.
WATCHING THE ASKOLD.
Steptf Taken to Prevent Escape of the
.Russian Cruiser./
SHANGHAI, . Dec. 30.— The Taotai
continues to take stridt precautions to
prevent the possible escape of the Rus
sian cruiser Askold and the. torpedo
boat destroyer Grozovoi, which vessels
it has been reported contemplate mak
ing an effort to. join the Russian second
Pacific squadron.
The Taotai has been instructed by the
foF^ign board at Peking. to insist upon
a reply from the Russian Consul to his 1
demand for. the surrender of the sailor
belonging to the cruiser Askold who on
December, 15 murdered a Chinaman on
the Bund here as the' result of a dis
pute over .payment for the hire of a
jiririksha.
Should the Consul decline to comply
with this demand, the Chinese authori
ties here say, it will be apparent that
Russia contemplates .a serious breach
of the neutrality of China, and that
henceforth China cannot undertake to
protect Russians In Chinese ' harbors
against actions of the Japanese.
ACTIVITY AT VLADIVOSTOK.
Effort Being Made to Complete Dry
>■ .dock Before Squadron's Arrival.
■ CHEFU, Dec. 30. — The •' British
steamship Canton, just arrived from
Vladivostok, reports great activity
there, In naval circles, every effort be
ing made to complete the drydock be
fore the arrival of the second division
of the Pacific squadron; Many mines
have been removed because the har
bor will 'soon be closed with ice." '. The
cruisers now in port -never leave the
FREE A ? FREE
" " PLUM PUDDING
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL! ADS. '
LIBBY'S
HOME-MADE
PLUM PUDDING.
Free' With Every : " Small Ad in-
'Sunday Call.
See Small Ad" Page for Further.
;■* Particulars." '
harbor. A passage through the ice
will have to be freshly made when
Admiral Skrydloff attempts to Join Ad
miral Rojestvensky.
KUROPATKIN IS NOT ELL.
War Office Denies Report In Circu
lation In St. Petersburg.
ST. PETERSBURG. Dec. 30.— The
War Office absolutely, denies the re
port in circulation to the effect that
General Kuropatkin Is 111.
The rumors that the Russian com
mander-ln-chief is about to assume the
offensive are not confirmed by the gen
eral staff, where it is pointed out that
with the thermometer at zero (Fahren
heit), it is Impossible to begin a move
ment on a large scale without the risk
of appalling horrors.
S. A. Alexandrovsky, formerly In
charge of the Russian Red Cross work
in the Far East, who has been suc
ceeded by Prince Vassilitchkoff, has
accepted General Kuropatkin's offer
to act "as chief of the sanitary depart
ments of one of the armies. ■ ..-;.'
The old Red Cro^s scandals are now
receiving a thorough ventilation in the
papers. Vast quantities of supplies
went astray during the summer and
early autumn. One hundred out of
one hundred and twenty bales from
Moscow alone disappeared, and the de
mand is made for the punishment of
those responsible. ... .
The precautions now taken effective
ly prevent a recurrence of the disap
pearance of supplies. The Emperor
has sent a personal . aide de camp to
see that their transportation is not In
terfered with.
It is reported from Moscow that some
ladies of the highest society are.pro
posing, to. form, a Russian- Japanese
League with the co-operation of ladies
at Tokio to agitate for a. termination
of. the war. F/i'r-'J' 1
enjoys' good heai/th.
Recall of; Admiral Kazenakoff Not
. .Due to Sickness. ...
PARIS, Dec. 30. — Admiral Kazena
koff (who was Russia's representative
on the international commission of In
quiry into the North Sea incident, but
who has ,been recalled and wjll be
succeeded by Vice Admiral Doubas
soff) Btarts for St. Petersburg to-mor
row after receiving a laconic dispatch
saying Emperor Nicholas desired to
converse with him. The admiral's
health, which is said to have been the
cause of his recall, is excellent, llem-
PLAN TO CUT
EXPENSES DOWN
Assemblyman Waste Tells of
Proposed Movement to Se
duce Cost of Legislation
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 30.—Assembly
man. William H. Waste, who has been
returned to the Legislature again this
year, is authority for the statement
that a tremendous effort is to be made
at the opening of the present session
to cut down the patronage to a mini
mum. Waste Is acung in conjunction
with Governor Pardee in the move for
economy, and has been busily engaged
during the last few weeks correspond
ing with' all the Assemblymen-elect
with the view of securing their co-op
eration. ' Assemblyman Waste said:
The total expense entailed In the hiring of
clerks during the last session was $158,155.
This sum was divided Into $71,183 for the Sen.
ate and $86,972 for the Assembly. Each Sen
ator . received $20 in patronage and each As
semblyman $12. It Is the Idea of Governor
Pardee that these sums can be considerably
reduced without ■ omfttiny provision for a
single attache who is absolutely needed. Both
the Governor and I. feel that .the Assemblymen
could get 'along with $4 patronage each.
. The sentiment of the older mepnbers of tho
Legislature Is that a great reduction must be
madeSn the patronage this year on account of
the large increase In the number of Republi
can representatives In both Houses. Among
the Assemblymen from whom I have received
letters favoring a reduction in patronage are:
Cromwell of Petaluma, Ells of Stege. Trtpp
of Santa Rosa. Olmstead . of San Rafael. Hou
ser and Johnstone of ■ Los" Angeles, ■ Moore and
Beardslee of ■ San Joaquln, Chandler of Selma,
Duryea of Placer, Devlin of Solano and Strow.
bridge and Espey of Alameda._^
-Although the State Legislature is
scheduled to open in three days very
few members of either house have ar
rived ' in Sacramento. A large, number
of , the lawmakers who came here to se
cure headquarters and apartments have
returned to their homes In various parts
of the State to return at a later date.
: . Although next'Monday is a legal hol
iday, the . Legislature will convene, ac
cording to the law which requires the
session to open on the first Monday in
January. ' ; An adjournment will then
probably be taken until Tuesday morri
inff. ' ....
Cripple Sentenced.
FRESNO. Dec. 30.— Charles Taylor,
the. cripple who ; stabbed John 'Mad-'
de'ri at .Mendota last Monday , and _ who
was rushed aboard the Owl and saved
from a mob that had started to^lynch
him; to-day pleaded guilty to "assault
'with a' deadly. weapon with intent" to
.commit! murder, and was sentenced to
five years . In San Quentln by Superior
Judge H. Z. Austin. \ ' . " ';'
bers of his staff say the renewed naval
preparations are doubtless the cause
of the recall. .
ST. PETERSBURG. Dec. 30. — The
rumors that Admiral Kazenakoffs re
tirement from the International com
mission of inquiry Into the North Sea
Incident Is due to Captain Clado's lo
quacity, are denied at both the Ad
miralty and Foreign Office, where it Is
said the admiral's recall is due entire
ly' to the condition of his health. It
is also intimated that Admiral Baron
von Spaun of the Austrian navy, the
fifth member of the commission, may
also retire because his health cannot
support the strain.
The appointment- of Vice Admiral
Doubassoff to succeed Admiral Kazen
akoff on the commission Is regarded
as certain.
LONDON, Dec. 30.— The Russian na
val attache here says that Vice
Admiral Doubassoff. who is to succeed
Admiral Kazenakoff on the interna
tional commission to inquire Into the
North Sea Incident, is head of the
technical commission appointed to
make a tour of the" shipbuilding yards
and ordnance factories of Great Brit
ain, France and Germany. The ; com
mission is to report on the capabilities
of the plans with the view of possible
future orders for ships.
WTLJj REMAIN NET7TRAI*
Russian Squadron Cannot Dock In the
Dutch East Indies.
THE HAGUE, Dec. 30. — In reply to
an Interpellation in the Second Cham
ber to-day Colonial Minister Idenburg
reiterated the official denial of the re
port that the Russian second Pacific
squadron would be permitted to use a
port in the Dutch East Indies.
Minister Idenburg said: "The strict
est neutrality is being observed both
in Holland and in the Dutch East In
dies, and It willcontinue; until the end
of the war.". ,
BRITISn CAPTAIN PERISHES
ON JAPANESE BATTLESHIP
News of His" Presence on the Vessel
Comes Only With Word of
His Death. .-.-■■•
HONOLULU, Dec. 23.— Word has
been received here by relatives that
Captain Glass of the British navy was
aboard the Japanese battleship Hat
suse when she was sunk recently and
was drowned. The presence of the
British officer on the ship had not been
made public before, but the news 'now
is official.
ELECTRIC ROAD PLANNED
FOR TWO NEVADA TOWNS
Ivine Will Be Built at Cost of $240,-
000 Between Fallon and
Hazen.
RENO, Nev., Dec. 30.— The new towns
of Fallon r and Hazen, in Churchill
County, will soon • be . connected by an
electric railroad. The route for the road
has already been surveyed, and a com
pany consisting of Nevada and San
Francisco capitalists has raised $240,000
with which to build the road. The pow
er 4 for the road will be supplied by an
electrical plant on the Truckee River.
The town of Hazen is on the line of
the Southern Pacific Railroad and la
the shipping point for Fallon and other
towns in that portion of Nevada. It is
twenty-five miles distant from Fallon,
and at present large freight trains are
running between the two points.
Claims She Took Poison.
Lizzie Smith, a young girl, living at
If. Kate street, Informed her family
last night that she had taken bichlor
ide of mercury. She was sent to. the
Central Emergency Hospital, where
antidotes were administered, but she
showed no symptoms of poisoning.
The girl insisted that she had swal
lowed poison, but would give no rea
son for wanting to die. She is in no
danger.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 30. — The trial of Al
bert Seavls, a negro convict, who was Impli
cated in the prison ' break at Folsom on July
27, 1903, was commenced to-day before Judge
Hart. Seavls is charged with robbery for hav
ing held up ■ the armorer at the prison and
stealing a lot of guns and ammunition belong
ing to the State.
A dream of pleasure, the new two for
quarter size American: $2 75 box 23. *
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CANKER. SORES
Obstinate cases - of Cancmm Oris have
been relieved after three or four ■ applica-
tions of
SOZODONT
LIQUID
A complete cure has been effected within a
week from three applications a day. It Is a
wonderful dentifrice. Nothing to. equal it.
IT CLEANSES, HEALS, PRESERVES.
3 FORMS •».TQUTP t POWDER. PASTE.
Por JJ. 8. K»vy T»rd and Vallejo.
Strs. General Friable, Montleello and Arrow.
9:45 a_m., 12:30 p.m.. 3:15 p.m.. C p.tn.. 8:30
p.m.; Sundays. 0:43 a.m.,' 12:30 noon. « p n;..
8:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo. 7a.nu. 8 a.m.. 12:30
p.m.. 3:15 p.m. (»5:45 p.m. Saturday). « p.m.
i Sundays. >7 a-m., 9 a. m.. 3:20 p.m.. 6 p.m. Pier
2.- foot - Mission St.: > Dfaone Main 1303. HATCH ■
UNREST GROWS
IN CZAR'S LAND
War Takes Second Place to
the Agitation Orer the
Reforms in the Empire
3IIXISTEES DISTRUSTED
Feared All Measures Will
Come to Naught— Leaders
Marked by Revolutionists
ST. PETERSBURG, Dtc J0-— Tb»
agitated state of public opinion through
out the country over the reforms con
tinues unabated- The war has dUtinct
ly taken a second place. While tiie un
derstanding la that ths comralttt* oi
Ministers Intends In ccnaidrrtng tha
various reforms outlined tn tha tmp*
rlal manifesto to consult -with, thm
classes Interested, th* fear Is quit*
openly expressed that the proposed
measures may be smothered by th«
cumbrous bureaucratic machinery he
fore they are eventually crystallized
Into laws, thus sharing the fate of
1 many former ben.efl.cent Intentions of
I the monarch.
As a means of avoiding such a cntw»
trophe the papers press more or leas
openly the advisability of the commit
tee of Ministers securing the direct co
operation of legally elected representa
tives of the various classes.
The Zemstvos, under the threat con
tained In the Government note, seem to
be acting with considerable circum
spection, and no more have followed
the example of the Moscow Zemstvo In
adjourning sine die. Neither have there
been recurrences of the disturbances.
The revolutionary organization. It Is
said. In addition to Grand Duke Ser
gius and M. Trepoff, police chief of
Moscow, has condemned Procurer Gen
eral Pobedonostzeff of the holy synod
and Minister of Justice Muravleff.
Interior Minister Svlatbpolk-Mlrsky
has promised a deputation of Jew*
from Nikolalevsk, who complain that
the position of 25,000 of their coreligion
ists in Kerson province is Jeopardized
by the new passport laws put into ef
fect by the late Interior Minister von
Plehwe last year, to give the matter
his immediate attention.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I WILL GIVE $1000
g&*Sg^± Ifl fail to cure any
F^P^ CANCER
|« or Tumor I treat
s»«<w *xtah_ Usa b«f«r* it polsoaa
7 35 Ho Knife! No Pain!
JtejL §7 No Pay Until Cured
f In 30 years I nave cored mon
** /I cancers than any other doctor
. _^*^^/ livIn *« KdX Bay or other swta-
fefrfcjjgT^'^ JL dlc - INVESTIGATE
>^fe*v Mj Absolnta Gmriatas
*rac«&&5QA LUMP IN
WOMAN'S BREAST IS GANGER
They always potson the glands la tho armpit
and shoulder; then cure Is often Impossible. Any
tumor, lump or sort on the LIP, FACE or any-
where six months Is nearly always cancer.
They sever pain until almost past cere. *
120 PAGE BOOK SENT FREE.
with symptoms and testimonials of thousands
cured whom you can see and talk with.
CBANLEY CANCES INSTITUTE lie
OR. S. R. and MRS. CHAMLEY. Maxagtrt
- Strictly Reliable." Two Lady Asslstaata.
Offices 25 Third St., San Francisco
SEND TO SOMEONE WITH GANGER
OCEAN TRAVEL.
/EE&^SF^ tor which It is a«eat. lear*
AfJL >>A 9 and 11. San Fran-
I 1 Fo ' Krtchlkaa. ..Wnafl.
\ \ \VM5iV / Jun*an. Tread wsll. Halnta,
W\ \\ jW Skaruay. etc., Alaak*— II a.
vyO* m " D«c. St. Jan. 6. Chase*
to thts company's steamer*
at Seattle.
For ■ Victoria. Vancouver. Port Townssnd.
Seattle. Tacoma, Everett. South B-)ll!n*hani,
Bellingham — 11 a. m.. Dec. 31, Jan. 5. Chanr*
at Seattle to this company's steam«rs for Alas-
ka and O. X. Ry. : at Seattl* or Tacoma, to N.
P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:3*
p.- m.. Dec SO, Jan.- 5. Corona. 1:80 an.,
Jan. 2.
For Los Angeles (via Port 1jO9 Asffele* "and
Rednndo), San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
Stats of California, Thursdays. 0 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
Pan Pedro). Santa. Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayueoa. Port Rarfcrd (Saa
Lais Obispo). Ventura and Hueaem*.
. Bonlta. 9 a. m.. Jan. 2.
Coos Bay, 9 a. m.. Jan. A.
For Eruenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jas« dot
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Pax. Santa Rosalia,
Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of each month.
For further Information obtain folder. Right
Is reserved to change steamers or sailing dates.
' TICOCET OFFICES 1 New Montgom-
ery st. (Palacs Hotel). 10 Marknt st.. and Broad-
way wharves. Fxeiffht Office 10 Market st.
I C. D. DUNANN. Oeneral Passenger Agsnt.
. 10 Market st_- San Francisco.
Tho .Paelfle Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter st.. will
call for and check baggage from" hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange 812. . .
AMX3BICAJT Lm.
Plymouth — Cherbourg — SoutianrpVm.
Philadelphia Jan. 7 (New York.... ..Jan. 2t
•ZTd.Jan. 14.10:30 amlSt. Louis...... Jan. 2S
•Calling at Dover for London and Paris
ATLANTIC TBAVS7ORT JOSH.
N«w York — London Direct.
Mesaba Jan. TjManltou Jaj^ ~i
Minnehaha. . ... .Jan. 14'Menomlnee j an _ »«
RED STAB ZJOTE.
: New York — Antwerp— London— Part*
CaHlng at Dov«r for London and Paris
Zeeland Jan. HlVaderland ... Jaii 23
Finland ' Jan. 2llKroonland .....Feb 4
white star mm.
Wew Tor* — Ousenstown — Liverpool.
Teutonic. Jan.ll. 10 am (Baltic PVb 1
Majestic Jan. ls,Teutonlc .Veb. 9
Boston — Qnsenstown — Liverpool.
Cymric .* J«n- 23(Wlnlfrfdlan ...Feb *
WSW TOBK AITD BOSTON . DIRECT
To tae Mediterranean. ******
QlBrmltar.^^Ies^Oen^Alexxndrla.
REPrBLIC Jan. 14, noon: Feb. 23, noon
CRETIC Feb. 4. noon: March IS. noon
FROM BOSTON.
CANOP1C .'.Jan. 7, 10:30 am: F«b. 18. 8:30 am
ROMANIC .-.-. .Jan. 23. 3:30 pra: Mar. 11; 1pm
C. D. TAYLOR, Pass«ng«r Agent Pacific Coast
. 21 Post St.. San Francisco.
S. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu, Dec. 31. U am
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Dec. 31. 11 a.m.
SI S. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auckland
* and Sydney. Thurs-, Jan. . 12. 1003, 2 p. ni.
JJ.5PBECKILS&BR0S. (ft, A2lS.,Tlct2l0mc25i3 !\>
tn. .-. Fni&t C21C8 327 Maria sl, Pet 7, Pacil: »l
C0XPA3NIS GESEIULB TRAN3ATLANTIQUS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE— PARI3. '.--^w
Sailmir even' Thursday Instead of 4»5ffs>
. Saturday, at 10 a. m. . from Pier 42. <»3a*CJr
: North River, foot of Morton st.- .>
First class to Havre. 470 and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre.' $ t5 and upward. ■ GK.V-
i ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STA1E& AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudjon building).
New York. J. F. FUOAZI 8t :X>.. Paci^c Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery aveno*. San Fi-tnclsco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket 'AcontaBEGGAR IS FELLOW
OF INFINITE JEST
Mingles With Men Who
Haunt Marts of Finance.
FORESTALLS PURSUING POLICEMAN
BY JAMES a CRAWFORD.
'Tin de walkln' dlllygate of de bumi 1
union." tras Frank Nellson's answer to
Poiice Judge Conlan's Query as to his
ir-eacs of obtaining sustenance. Then,
seeing that his facetiousness failed of
appreciation, he hastily added, "!>•
or.ly wolk I does Is begglnV
f hat's what he was arrested for—
begging.— end Patrolman Walsh testi
fied that a Jollier mendicant never came
under his observation. The officer had
haaurd * several funny stories anent Mr.
Xellson's professional methods, some
of which he recounted to the court.
Approaching; a group of post-prandial
Fmokers at the Occidental's main en
trance Mr- Xeilson picked up from the
gutter a half-consumed cigar. Inserted
it between his teeth, blew a fragrant
cloud and, addressing the loungers,
said: "Gents. I'd join youse, only I'm
made ineligible by de fact dat I does
me smokin' before .dinner Instead of
after it. I never smokes after dinner
'cause I never has no dinner ter smoke
after." &■';.•<*
POn another occasion he entered a
!ace where men deal In stocks, and,
Feeing a well-known .broker standing
stiffly and wrapped in mental calcula
tion, he . slapped him cordially on the
shoulder and shouted: "Brace up, kid!
Happy days is a-coinin'. I've bin a tin
horn gambler meself an' knows wat de
feelin's of a loser is."
When he recovered from the effects
cf his violent ejection from the col
lateral, mart Mr. Nellson betook him to
a cigar store much favored by men of
finance, where he drew from one of his
pockets a handful of earth and dis
played It to' those present. Replying In
the negative to a question as to wheth
er be had embarked in the real estate
business, he explained: "Dis wot I'm
a-.showin' youse is me bed fer ter-nlght,
en' wid fie price of a eupper in me
odder hen* I'd go on me way rejoicin'."
He was given cause to rejoice.
But the most amusing thing told by
the policeman was his own experience
with the jovial beggar. After a three
days' game of hide and seek the pur
suer ar.d the pursued met face to face
on Pine street, and when the officer
stretched forth a hand to clutch Mr.
Neilson it was cordially grasped by
that gentleman. **W*y. Mr. Walsh," he
exclaimed, reproachfully, "where have
you bin a-keepln f yerself? Fer free
days I've bin a-huntln' youse wid in
tent ter give meself up an* git sober.
Eut it's de old story— youse kin never
find a. p'leecem'n w*en youse wants
him.- ,
"So yon want to get sober, hey?" In
quired the Judge.
"Dat's w'at I wants," was the reply.
"w'en I drinks I neglects me panhan-
SICK HEADACHE
I : s — i Positively cured by
#\ a DTTD 0 lhese Little Pill8 «
l/Hl\l LliO They also reHcre DJ3-
ii*v,a m tress Zrozi Djspepsis. In-
d^esScn ard Too Hesrtj
ki' IWPn Sating. A perfect rem-
r^i I V Eb la edy for Dizziness. Naraex
pU PILLS* Bad Taste
'>"? Jg Ja th9 Hocth, Coated
&%^?Zv& To^grie. Pain la the £1<1^,
w^^^ as^ t^ JTORPID LTVER. .They
reg-nlale tis Bowels. Purely Vegetahls. *
StfAilFiLL SMALL DOSE, SMALL PRICL
iCARFERSl CDBE SICK BEADACKii *
spittle Gexurins Must Bear
fi LY?^ Fas-Simile Signature
H PILLS. *p -- jj
MUSEUM OF fiiiATOMYf
0 £2S! Z? " jaEDAa -CSEASES C? KEN 4
Q I T/&E T'«cert or br ie:ter A A i
\ t ■/ "'■IK "•'*■• tt(r * l "*»'«y t»«tadeit»km T !
«rif »lff w^e^Bc«ic.puL«iiopiiY.rA
Vf it il* wa»m*«K. vailes r«e«. (aV
A 'J> (J- "*"•"*• >M»k fer am) \ '
" CJ3. JOBDASACO.. 1K1 M«rkft Bt..3. P. Q
f^ <^r / *t^^^ J^h^^^*t^ "JV^fcr^LfS
*
rJ^E^m MENANDWOMEH.
*^^3r^TaxS^SS Cie El; O for cccatcraj
/Sj/..^f OartttMd »l Jrr:t»tioc» or ulcc:aticai
i*-*? Mt«iontf«. of maeoei membran**.
r~^ [ *mtm* €**u«tM. FftiB*.»f . aa<l n« I aitrla*
EtaksCijiw r:tiCe. g *b» or pcUcnow.
\'s?~) c:r.::iiu:n,c.^W scid by Ercrruu,
OSSh^-^-^^jH *>r expren. prepaid, tor
\?&UmgB3BZf& Jl-OD. or S UtOes C2.T6.
dlin' business, an' dat's a shame, fer If
I'd let de bcoze alone I'd scon be able
ter retire wid a forchin. I wants ter
start de new year right, an' about ten
days in de cooler 'd make me fit fer
stiddy wolk."
He was given the desired ten days.
• • - • ■;"-
Judge Mogan's court was graced by
the presence of British blue blood
adolescent, but pure— In the persons
of Edward Van der Linden, who will
acquire the title of Count with his ma
jority, and John Frederick Forbes
Elmsley, whose ancestral home Is at
Hampton Wick. The lads are mid
shipmen aboard the ship Lynton and
they appeared as complaining -wit
nesses against a young Afro-American
eneak thief of the name of George
William Figg. recently arrived here
from Louisville. Ky. He was thrice
charged with burglary and the testi
mony proved pretty conclusively that
he it was who entered the midship
men's sleeping quarters aboard the
Lynton and stole therefrom various
articles of wearing apparel, the prop
erty of Count-to-be Van der Linden
and J. F. F. Elmsley; also that he
invaded the forecastle of the British
ship Eva Montgomery and abstracted
therefrom some go-ashore garments
owned by Gus Milander and John
Oberscheneider, able seamen, who also
appeared in court and identified their
clothing.
There also appeared as a witness
one Edward Lageere, a whaler, and of
the same race as the defendant. It
•wap Mr. Lageere's purchase of a Van
der Linden overcoat of white melton
end silk lined and his wearing of
the eame that led to Mr. Figg's ar
rest. Mr. Lageere gave Mr. Figg 50
cents for the coat and then strutted
along Pacific street to give Miss
Anastasia Johnson an eye feast and
when thus engaged he was seen and
the coat recognized by J. F. F. Elms
ley, who Informed the detective that
did the rest-
No defense was offered and Mr.
Figg will surely be remanded to the
upper court just as soon as his Honor
Mogan has heard another witness or
t^\ o. »
Fourteen-year-old Ernest Gloss of
1316 Broderick street did not desire to
have his hair cut, ana when the other
boys carried him into the barber shop
at California and Devisadero streets he
so informed the presiding tonsor. It
was true. Master Gloss admitted, that
the football season has lapsed and
boys' coiffures a la chrysanthemum are
no longer correct, but he preferred be
ing out of fashion to endangering his
health by having his thick thatch re
moved while the chill weather re
mained. While the fellows might laugh
at him, he would rather be a butt for
their derisive persiflage than have a
cold in his head. But his arguments
had no more of a restraining effect on
his custodians or their adult abettor
than did his struggles or his implora-
tions. The boys planted him in the
chair and held him there while the
jocular barber, thoroughly imbued with
the spirit of their joke, applied comb
and scissors to little Ernest's heavy
hair crop.
When the shearing was about half
finished It simultaneously occurred to
the practical jokers that the fun of the
thing would be much enhanced by ceas
ing the operation right there and com
pelling Ernest to go abroad with head
semi-denuded, so they gleefully jerked
him from the chair and cast him forth
with the left section of his caput sug
gestive of Paderewskl or a divine heal
er and the right division as closely
cropped as a convict's. When he ar
rived at home and told and showed hi?
relatives what had been done to him
they not only declined . to regard the
incident * from the barber's viewpoint,
but at once proceeded to direct that
person's arrest on the charge of mali
cious mischief. As they did not know
his name the warrant was issued for
John Doe, and he will be permitted, to
disclose his real cognomen to Judge
Cabaniss.
Ernest's guardians have had another
barber complete the job begun by the
joker. If the charge of malicious mis
chief fails to stick, the same defendant
may be accused of petty larceny, he
having kept the hair which he cut from
Ernest's head.
"How old is Ann?" -was the query
that started the discord and led to the
arrest of A. J. Hoffner. a tugboat
skipper, on the charge of having bat
tered Peter Teheney of "205 Twenty
fifth avenue at the home of that gen
tleman's sister, 151 Minna street.
Mr. Teheney, Captain Hoffner and
the latter"s fiancee. Miss Ann Lyons,
THE ! SAN: FRANCISCO'. CALL', -SATURDAY,:: DECEMBER, 31, 1904.
ELECTION
FRAUDS TO
BE PROBED
Supreme Court of Colorado
Makes an Order Directing
Experts to Examine All
Ballots Cast in Denver
JUDICIAL INQUIRY
IS TO BE THOROUGH
Proposition to Memorialize
United States Senate to
Unseat Teller Is Very
Likely to Be Abandoned
DENVER, Dec. 80.— Stretching its
hands so as to cast a shadow over
every man and woman In any way im
plicated In election frauds in the city
and county of Denver on or before or
after November 8, the Supreme Court
to-day ordered an Investigation so
sweeping in Its scope that every phase
of the election may. be scrutinized and
everything that bears In any way upon
the election may be made known by
judicial inquiry.
Alva Adama, Democratic candidate
for Governor, who appeared from the
returns to have been elected but whoi
has declared that he does not want tha
office if It is tainted with fraud, asked
the court to open every Denver ballot
box, but the order of the court goes
beyond the mere examination of . bal
lots. It provides for an investigation
of. the registration -lists, the campaign
expenditures and, in brief, all election
matters.
Attorney Samuel W. Belford for Ad
ams and Attorney Henry J. Herseyfor
the Republicans asked the court to
make its order of such breadth that
the court need not stop at anything in
the investlgttlon. The court said that
was what it meant to do, and Instruct
ed the lawyers to agree upon the word-
Ing of the order and present it to the
court for approval next Tuesday morn-
Ing. .
MAXY FRAUDULENT BALLOTS.
As there are 204 ballot boxes it is evi
dent that several months will- be con
sumed in the examination of their con
tents by two handwriting experts to'be
appointed for this work. It is expected
that the Supreme Court will be asked
to make an order placing special watch
ers at th£ Courthouse to guard the reg
istration books until such time as the
investigation is made.
"There are probably 20,000^fraudulent
registrations on the books of the city
and countv of Denver," said Attorney
James H. Brown, the principal adviser
of the Republican City Central Com
mittee, to-day.
F. A. Williams, chairman of the,Re
publican committee, has published the
following statement over his signature:
Our Investigation into the conduct of the
recent election in Denver has developed the
fact that approximately 20,000 fraudulent votes
■were cast or counted for Alva Adams In this
city. There is now no reasonable doubt that
Governor Peabody and th« entire | Republican
State ticket was fairly elected on November
8 by the votes of a large majority of ths
legal voters of this State.
PEABODY IS PLEASED.
What effect, If any, the court's ac
tion to-day will have upon the course
of the Legislature in respect to can
vassing the vote for Governor and de
termining whether Peabody; or.' Adams
is entitled to the seat 'has not yet be
come apparent. -'.;':
Republicans as well as Democrats ad
mit that the opening, of all the Denver
boxes complicates the political situa
tion in Colorado, but believe that It
means that there will be no , "rough
house," as predicted.
Governor Peabody expressed himself
as follows regarding the court's deci
sion:
I am more than pleased that th« Supreme
Court has decided to open every ballot-box in
were among the persons .who called on
the first named gentleman's sister to
extend the compliments . of the holi
day season and while the four sat and
gossiped Mr. Teheney, in facetious
mood, asked Captain Hoffner, "How
old Is Ann?" and the querist's sister
laughed heartily. Now as Miss Lyons
was no nursling and as .the gallant
mariner had never heard of the pop
ular arithmetical problem, . he - ac
cepted the question as an unflattering
commentary on bis .fiancee's. age and
promptly administered rebuke -by
punching one of Mr. TeheneVs eyes.
To prevent further., hostilities the la
dles grabbed and held Peter and hys
terically informed the captain that his
blow was , unprovoked. Inasmuch ; as
"How old Is Ann ?" was an everyday
byword, but Peter broke away, from
their clutch, kicked his assailant to
the street and there had -him placed
under arrest.
Miss Lyons , testified in Peter's be
half before Judge . Cabanlss, saying,,
that he : dld not intend "to wound, her
feelings when he asked the' captain
"How old .is Ann?"; ( Then' the" case
was continued thirty ' days, _ by which
time, the court hoped, Mr." Teheney
and Captain . Hoffner will have i talked
it over and effected a settlement with
out the law's aid. * -
Miss Lyons, It -may not -be amiss to
add, has seen about forty winters and
is quite' buxom.
With a view to reforming the charac
ter of the Baltimore House, . erstwhile
to the police as an opium den,
the new proprietors of the place, Emile
Robbin and JohnAnglade. jointly eject
ed therefrom at <r o'clock ' yesterday
morning one W. J. Meyers, and so vio
lently did they handle him that a po
liceman arrested them for battery. Ac
cording to the testimony of Mr. Mey
ers, he was roaming the corridors of
the second story In quest of' a lady
whom - he suspected of residing there,
when Messrs. Robbin and Anglade
knocked him down ' and - then. 'each 'of
them grasping one, of his legs, dragged
him Mr: Robbin asked
Judge Mogan : how the fair reputation
of the house ' was to be ' retrieved if Its
managers were . to\be prevented chuck-
Ing out persons whose; presence would
retard their reformatory endeavor.'. His
Honor has given; himself till Jamary 7
to digest' the quesUon. ■
BANK OFFICERS
UNDER ARREST
Warrant Charges Them With.
Having jMade False Entry
in Books of Institution
SEQUEL TO A FAILUKE
President and Secretary of
the Defunct Corporation
to :Be 'Placed on Trial
CLEVELAND, O.. Dec. SO— Cashier
O. C. Lillie and President CM. Traver
erf • the National Bank of Conneaut,
Ohio, were placed under arrest his aft
ernoon at Conneaut by United States
Marshal Chandler . upon a warant
charging " the' bankers with a violation
of the national banking laws, the spe
cific charge in . LlUie's case being the
making of a falsa entry In the books
of the bank. Traver is charged in the
warrant with being an accomplice of
the cashier In. the alleged falsification.
Cashier Lillie waived preliminary ex
amination and gava ball . in the sum
of $10,000.
The First National Bank of Conneaut
closed its doors nearly two weeks ago,
as a run' had been made upon It. The
bank. has a capital stock of $50,000.
The cause of the run, . the bankers
said at the time, was that the report
had gained currency that Mrs. .Chad
wick had succeeded In securing large
loans from It. The bank officials deny
holding any Chad wick paper.
SCIENTIFIC SUGAR TEST
REQUIRED BY TARIFP ACT
Appraisers Hold That the Ordinary
Commercial Method Is Not
Sufficient.
NEW YORK, Dec . 30.— The . quality
of sugar for tariff purposes must be
determined by the scientific polariscope
test, according to a decision announced
to-day by the United States General
Appraisers. The decision was given on
a protest filed by -importers against a
recent ruling of the United States Cir
cuit Court of Appeals. The protest de
clared that the regulations upon which
the decision of the Circuit Court was
based were unconstitutional.' In over
ruling the protest, the board holds that
the phrases "testing, by the .polar
iscope" and "degree shown by the
polariscope" as used in the tariff act,
should be Interpreted literally. The
Protestants contended that the so
called trade test, or commercial test,
would have been sufficient under the
regulations.
The largest sugar Importers in the
country are interested in the settle
ment of the . question and it probably
will be taken to the United States Su
preme Court for final decision. The
amount involved in the case already
has reached many millions of dollars.
Denver, and my only regret is that every
box . in - the . State is., not opened. A point In
ravor.of the opening of the boxes by the
Supreme . Court is that it takes the matter
away from nplitlcs. There is confidence among
the public in ; what the Supreme Court does,
and when .the highest tribunal in the State is
through counting the votes in Denver it will
settle . beyond question who Is elected. I con
sider the decision of the court an eminently
wise, and Just one. -
It was announced this afternoon that
the Republican plan to unseat Demo
cratic Senators had been modified, and
that possibly only Senators Born and
Healy, who were seated by the Demo
cratic'majority on contests two years
ago,, would 'be turned out. • ..;;
Itis also reported that on the advice
of influential Republicans the proposi
tion to memorialize the United States
Senate to unseat Henry M. Teller would
be abandoned. I - ; :
WANT ORDER MODIFIED.
Attorneys for Adams to-night notified
Attorney Hersey, representing the Re
publicans, that they would ask the Su
preme Court to modify- its order con
cerning the opening of the ballot boxes
In 1 Denver under the supervision of a
referee. ' •
They will request that i another ar
rangement; for paying the expenses of
the investigation" be made. The court;
having no funds, at its disposal for
meeting the expenses, directed. that the
two political parties divide it equally.
The Democrats object to this and will
request that the court find another way
for paying the cost . of the investiga
tion. The Republicans, who say they
areonly too willing to follow the sug>
gestloh of the court, pretend to see in
the- announcement: of -the Democrats'
attorney a. wish to avail themselves of
a loophole through which, to escape the
investigation \ they, themselves" inaug
urated.
The four , members of the State Can
vassing Board other than Governor
Peabody to-night Issued a signed state
ment in which! they, deny that there is
ajconsplracy to seat Governor Peabody,
and i express a. desire to see seated as
Governor the man who has been legally ;
elected." The statement reads:
The • attitude of the "r State - Board • of Can
vassers, of which. we are members, as to the
gubernatorial' controversy - having been mis
represented, and our motives ■ questioned, we
feel that it Is' just and proper that the 'public
should "be. advised as to our real position.
FAVOR ACTION* OF COURT.
Our ; duties ' have been defined by the : courts
of ■]. the •■ State -and in the performance of sucn
duties we have been guided solely by the law.
I The action of the State Board of Canvassers
was taken without reference to any bearing it
might have on the gubernatorial contest. The
majority of the Joint 1 session of the Senate
and the House of Representatives would hav<»
bten overwhelmingly . Republican, regardless
of 'our *ict?on. • ■ .-,•
W e , favor the action taken by" the Supreme
Court to-day ; and urge that its findings and
order be accepted as final 'by the Legislature.
W( desire to eay that there Is no conspiracy
on* the part 1 of 'this board or any of its mem
bers to overthrow, the , will, of the "people or
attempt. to do so, but on .th« contrary we hold
arid r adviee that whoever [ th« recount of the
ballots, .under such rules as the Supreme Court
may prescribe, in the city and county • of
Denver, . shows ; - to 'be elected, is entitled - to
the ' office of Governor, and we believe that
ail good citizens will' acquiesce In the result.
Whoever may . be seated as Governor • w»
desire that -the result be accomplished by
honest methods and that the will of tha people
may be supreme. • , .
JAMES COWIB, Secretary of State.
WHITSET NEWTON, State Treasurer.
JOHN HOMBERG,. Auditor of State.
*'N. C. MILLER, Attorney General.
THE ; ONION. SISTERS
. ; .'-^/and. ..
SIR.' CORX, FRFTTERS
Are at Outs. ,
IN/ NEXT SUNDAY'S
CO»UC. SECTION.
_ .: ; ..'-... '_ - ' '_'. FRAGERS
To observe There win Be Doing" At Pragers
the closin 9 To -Day
of the year Don>t M i SS ie -^
For New Year's Eire 1 James G. Blaine Cigars
EXPLOSIVE CANES . .._...... .i... 25C " •#/> C OC
HORNS— In all colors ...V. .5b : u^ i 0 TOr 25C
blow toys : .. ._._...:t5c Boxof25, 65c; box of 50, $1.25
BALLOONS — Red and blue... ...... ■..> v . 5C \ > This great Ci^ar offer will serve to more thoroagMy
CRICKETS . .,^.... .«.......».•....'.. ." 5C ' * •cqualrit our ' customers with our conveniently located
_ x - T _ T _ r _ T .__ "" .......... cigar and tobacco department, at the entrance of our
Willb 1 LrH.b .......:....^.:.,.V. .'OC sWreon tfie main floor.
Men's Smtiand Choice Creamery „
* - Butter, a square . .OOC
Overcoats „ v — r - — —
(Main Floor), If^W Y^BY LIQUOI'S
OVBBOOATS — A 44-inch ©r - a ' :'"r (Fourth Floor)
£jk three-quarter lenfth Oxford Over- -,„.., t __., . _... _ —
&£&> coat; mads up in first-class style. It T«Jl*wrtoa« - Walaxey — Either Ry« or Bourbon. «-aart«
* ls cnt fu11 - hangs gracefully, has a C1 rt _
n«L good velvet collar and tf* O OC ••«•............. »i,ua
fljgjBji|fc|^ first Quality Italian lin- fO,(jJ J. H. Cutter WMikty— BotUd 70©
H^^^^^a Six styles in a 52-inch loose Over- Santera* or aietliar— Choice holiday -wines, a gxtloa
BStwaa&Bm&ilA coat in Oxfords and fancy Scotch ... "k«
Mixtures; they are cut with broad * oc
shoulders, snug-fltting collars and Tom and Jarry — For the New Tear, a bottle. ...... .T5c
HajBPif^Wr shape -retaining fronts; they are all _ • _, ___ . . . , , .. __
mS&M&jSi serge lined and have the best satin Ola Olor > r Whlskty— 6 years old. a gallon 82.05
J fPBi . £ "haVe 1 'SSi tfT-f b O C * 1M WU « k « y - A ' cd ln wood « • »»«I 9 00c
Mtm^^Mffl backs. Tour choice at J J # \JJ Cider — Best Eastern, gallon 43c
KS«hK9 -" Port, Si«rry or Aajrelica — Gallon Sl.OO
fill fl II CBA7ENETTIS- Priestley's Gen- *ort. «h«rry. Aajrellca or Tokay— A bottl* S5c
BMHH uine English Cravenette Rain-Proof «n/} Xrt
fflMWt 13 Overcoat in the finest quality of "• < » oc
"U'orsteds and Scotch Mixtures. Champ a»n»— White Seal or Mumin. plnti. „ SI 43
TBr&BS&r They are all hand-made, and guar- •; . *
■ J« anteed to retain their shape. All of Quarts _ S2.73
-^T •IS.oVWne'.V-SJ.SSS $73- 85 Clle«n<*-Quart. «2.S5: pints 8 l. 53
at -? y-4.*^*.V*^ (} yinx» -widow Champagne — Pints 5Oc
SUITS— Several small lots II ■™*™ t= ™ = ™^=md. Doxen -••-•S5.OO
o.f Men's Suits of which ."• • Lyon's CryttaHlMd Boek
there ar« two or three of a hHh AA>fw2*, at n t -. */ \ * ad »J»— Bottle 75c
kind only, and that have _ jg |virA j Xentuciy »rld« Sour Mash
been selling regularly at *2& — H B P H El II BK 13 I Bourbon— J* gal... 81.23
$11.00. $12.50 and $13.35. & / w*"$A'V /^K 1 gallon S2.5O
will be offered Saturday at f%LY -^* * i ©Id Qrape Brandy— A bottle
great reductions. There are IB ArAV^SV^ REUABLE 75c; gallon »2.75
W&Sm85 V MARKET&tKtNESSR •SSTfiTSStr
• •• •• z^*y~ * ~ " , si.oo
BOSTON OPENS
GREAT TUNNEL
Subway Connecting the Two
Portions of the City Is
Dedicated to Public Use
BOSTON, Dec 30. — The submarine
tunnel, connecting Boston and East
Boston, was opened for public travel
to-day. The dedication of the tunnel to
public use was carried out without any
formality.
Tha tunnel is double-tracked, 1.4
miles long, 2700 feet of which are under
the harbor waters. The cost of con
struction was $3,000,000. The tunnel
was built by the city of Boston, which
has leased it for a term of twenty-five
years, dating from 1S97, to the Boston
Elevated Railway Company, which will
use the tunnel exclusively for the
passage ' of its electric cars between
Boston and East Boston.
About four and a half years have
been consumed in constructing the tun
nel, in the accomplishment of which
many difficult engineering problems
had to be solved, chiefly on account of
the maze of underground pipes, sewers
and wires and also because of the peril
ous nature of the work of digging the
large passageway underneath the bed
jof the Boston harbor.
The tunnel is built entirely of con
crete and is the only tunnel of that kind
in the world. In arranging for the sta
tions, the builders made use of historic
ground, for the entrance near Wash
ington street Is directly under the old
Massachusetts State House, while' the
Scollay Square terminal Is underneath
the old Boston courthouse.
REDIiANDS STATION' AGENT
WINS SANTA FE PRIZE
Henry Newell Gets Two Hundred and
Fifty Dollars for Showing
for the Tear.
TOPEKA. Kans., Dec. 30.— The Santa
Fe Railroad annually appropriates $1000
to be distributed as prizes among the
station agents on the system who show
the be-st proportion of gain for the com
pany during the year. The award of
prizes for the year of 1904 -has just been
made. ■ •
The first prize of $250 has been award
ed to Henry Newell of Redlands, Cal.:
the second prize of $200 to C. F. Brown
of Marietta, I. T.; the thirl prize of $150
toD. N. Garrett of Canon City, Col.;
the fourth prize of $125 to N. J. Lucas
of Las "Vegas, N.M.; the fifth prize of
$100 to D. I. Clauser of Plattsburg,
Mo.: the sixth prize of $75 to R. R. Nel
son of Pauls Valley, I.- T.; the seventh
prize of $60 to A. L. Parker of Prince
ville, 111., and the eighth prize of $40 to
John Kendrick of Marion, Kans.
WILIi HELP FRA3£E BELL
FOR HAWAIIAN HARBORS
Secretary Atkinson of the Territory
Stays in Washington to Confer
With Burton.
HONOLULU. Dec. 23.— It has been
decided that A. L. C. Atkinson, Secre
tary of the Territory, who is at present
in Washington, shall stay there to as
sist Chairman Burton of the Rivers
and Harbors Committee to put the leg
islation affecting Honolulu and Hilo
harbors*, in shape. The Federal Gov
ernment: proposes to spend a big sum
oh Honolulu harbor, and Burton has
particularly requested the Secretary to
stay. . »
Mackey .Companies Declare DlYidend.
NEW YORK, Dec." 30.— The Mackey
Companies to-day 'declared a regular
quarterly, "dividend of 1 per cent on pre
ferred stock and the first dividend of 1
per,' cent";, on common stock for a ceric-d
not stated. '
CONGRESS ABLE
TO END TRUSTS
E. Whitney of Xew York
Says Law Could Be Framed
That Would Smash Them
CHICAGO. Dec. 30.— Edward B. Whit
ney of New York declared to-day be
fore the -American Political Science and
Economic .Association that Congress
has the direct/power to put an end to
the United States Steel Corporation, the
anthracite . coal * pool and similar cor
porations. In a paper upon "Govern
mental -Interference. With Industrial
Combinations" he asserted that a law
forbidding a company engaged in inter
state commerce to engage In a produc
tive Industry would prohibit such "ag
glomerations." -.'.-■ .- ■' ."""*/ '
His paper was read before a Joint ses
sion of I the - two associations and was
followed by; a'. general discussion. In
which President J. W. Jenks of Cornell
and E. : E- Prussing of Chicago took the
lead. - - >• • - ;
Regulation : of pools and railways by
the Government was also discussed at
the joint session. ,
Professor ". Adam Shortt of Queen's
University, Kingston.- Canada, read a
paper entitled •"Preferential Trade Be
tween Canada and' Great Britain." He
said in part:
Any iy*t«m by which Britain and Caaad*
might. attempt, to tie themselves up to a mu
tually preferential trade Is open to rery seri
ous objections. I The colonies bar* no poaslbl*
compensation to offer Britain for the revolu
tion in. her.- foreign trade and shipping which
the adoption of ■ a protective policy ' In their
interests would Involve. On the other hand
Canada Is a country undergoing rapid expan
sion, which has already Involved Important
changes' in her economic conditions, .with all
th« varied possibilities of her Internal develop
ment acd future trade relations It would be
very unwlsa to tie herself up by hard and fast
commercial treaties with any country what
ever. ' m_ij> » ii|ij TWii"!
Entire fiscal frtedora is absolutely essential
to her effective expansion, and fre» trads in
capital Is more Important to her than - either
free trade or. preferential^ trade In goods.- So
far as preferential or fre« trade Is undertaken
by the Canadian Parliament in the interest of
Canada, - the action - is perfectly reasonable^
This la the ; basis of our existing preference
on British goods, and of our still greater prac
tical preference on American goods. LJke
treatment . of Canadian goods by other coun
tries which -realize- their need of them is ths
only permanent preference which we may hop*
for. Nothing .but friction.^ recrimination" and
bitterness . can " b« • the ultimate . outcome of a
preference founded on a sentimental Instead
of a business'' basis.
Professor 'A. W. Flux.of McGill Uni
versity, ■ Montreal, . Canada, devoted
himself to the question,' VDo Reciprocal
Preferential Tariffs j Tend ' Toward Free
Trade?'" He" said: among other things:
Waiting for reciprocity has . deferred rather
than hastened ! movements I toward { freedom cf
commerce.. > Recent reciprocity * treaties cf the
United States . do • not , Increase hopefulness of
the outlook lor advance by this road. ' In pro
tectionist -. communities ■ a ' preferential tariff
tends to have, as its moet conspicuous feature,
an elevation of tariff rates ■ to countries • not
admitted to preferential treatment, rather than
a reduction of rates to preferred -nations. •
Little confidence seems justified at the pres
ent time in the reciprocity principle as a means
of effecting, general, tariff reductions.
Arranging for. the Inaugural.
■WASHINGTON. Dec. =30. — General
Boynton, chairman; of .the. press, com
mittee.-has. issued the. following :'.. f ;All
applications for facilities "at -the ; Cap
itol building -on- the day -of -inaugura-
Pears'
A touch : is enough* for
cleanliness. : That is why
Pears' soap lasts so.
Pears' shaving soap is
the best -in - all • the world.
Established over ioo years. .
tlon should be addressed to Major
John II. Carson, chairman of the press
committee for the capital. All appli
cations for outside press facilities dur
ing the Inaugural parade and at tha
inaugural ball should be sent to Gen
eral Boynton. There will be no com
plimentary press tickets to ths balL"
Census Report on Cotton.
"WASHINGTON. Dec 30.— The final
bulletin of the Census Bureau on cot
ton ginned in the United States up to
December 12. Issued to-day, places tha
number of bales at 11.971,477, counting
round bales as half-bales.
ADVERTISE3IEXTS.
Heat your
office at*
once
■ This weather causes pneu-
monia, grippe, colds, etc If
your stenographer, book-
keeper or clerk gets sick, lays
off for one day, it loses more
money for you than a dozen
heaters cost. Then, too, how
about yourself? Isn't your
own health of some value f
We can warm any office
store or house quickly
and economically with
GAS
Phone Exchange 8 for
our expert. Don't wait
to write. Quick action
our style.
THE Rflj? COMPANY
415 Post St.
jiil^EYery Woman
/v^^§Y N i v i\ )v \ I* Interested sn<i should ka»w
ftvt r ) ¥*V'\ ■*»«!» »Soct the wonderfal
B i® '\fe«« MARVEL whir1iflg Spray
vi-JVssfiJS^^L nonandSurtioti. B»»t-?»f.
> v v^. ■ . I, «•«»■— Mo. ♦. Co=-»ealmU
If h^finnot supply tlie V'.. uaVTiT,Z,'^
JIABVKL. accept no ." *^2>-s—
other, bnt tend Kara p for 5\v /?«A.
UhutntedtM>ok-*MM. Itzi-»-» TB, / '■ZYjf
full partlcnUrti sad <Ureetton<i In- fOt, / " m
ralnablr to Udie*. .1 % RVIX CO^^J, , M
41 rark now, Mew tork. aLl..^.^
'tSS New Mcr.tsfomer". San Francisco. CsJ.
WllUam Hatteroth (L»dI«s'D«pL). 224 Sutt*r,
Union Dm? Co.. 400 Sutler and 10O Stockton.
Osjroed Brothers. 7th and Broadway. OaJdaad.
Baldwin Pharmacy 119 Elli*
Gonorrhoea an<3 TMnary Discharges.
A CURE DC 4* HOURS. hSI
56
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF AL AMED A
BAD SWITCH WRECKS OVERLAND
Rails Suddenly Spread and Four
Cars Leave Track Near Depot.
Slow Speed Averts Smash-up and LossofLjife
I VIEWS OF THE WRECK Of THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC'S OVERLAND LIMITED, WHICH WAS DERAILED BT A DEFECTIVE
SWTCH TEFTERDAT MORNING WITHIN A HUNDRED TARDS OF THE SIXTEENTH STREET STATION IN OAKLAND
FORTUNATELY XO OXE WAS INJURED.
WANTS TO FACE
STRANGE JURY
David Kiniry. Charged With
Murder. Prefers to Gato
Another County for Trial
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Dec. 30.
Claiming that it is impossible for him
to get a fair and impartial trial in Ala
meda County, notice of a motion for a
change of venue to be made next Tues
day morning was served upon District
Attorney,"^Vllen this afternoon by E, S.
Page, attorney for David Kiniry, who
Is charged with the murder of P.olice
man James H. Smith' last March.
The affidavit made by Kiniry in his
petition sets forth that the local press
has commented upon his case editorial
ly and' has already ( "tried, convicted,
hanged and consigned him to everlast
ing punishment." He states that Police
Judge Mortimer Smith, a brother of the
murdered man, is a politician and
known generally throughout -the coun
ty.. The police force, he asseris, will
use all its influence against him.
The murder of Policeman George W.
Brown under almost Fimilar circum
stances is cited, and, it is alleged, has
inflamed the public mind against- Kin
iry, -the demand for an example to
be. made as a warning to others has
been general. Under these circum
stances it is pleaded that nothing but
conviction stares Kiniry in the face and
that a trial here would be a mere farce.
Arrest Fresno Man. O
OAKLAND. Dec. 30.— Edward Gaf
ford of Fresno was arrested at Elm
hurst this afternoon by Deputy Sheriff
Reilley' on a .warrant sworn- to by G.
A- Baron, of Fresno, who charges Gaf
ford with felony embezzlement Gaf
ford is in the County Jail here await
ing an officer to take him to "Fresno.
He states that Baron is a saloon
keeper, for whom he worked ami also
collected . rents. He says that Baron
is indebted 1 to him to the extent of
$275.
FREE A FREE
PLUM PUDDING
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
LIBBY'S
HOME-MADE
PLUM PUDDING. ..
Free With Every Small Ad -in
Sunday Call.
See Small Ad Page for Further
Particulars.
OAKLAND, Dec. SO.— A defective
switch spreading under the drive wheels
of a heavy locomotive wrecked the east
bound Southern Pacific overland lim
ited this morning at 10:35 o'clock, and
had it not been that the flyer was slow
ing down to stop at the Sixteenth street
depot a number, of .passengers would
have been killed or injured. The wreck
occurred about a hundred yards south
of the Sixteenth street depot, the loco
motive, tender and four cars leaving
the rails and plowing through the ties
and ballast for almost two hundred
feet. When Engineer William Scott
j finally brought the train to a standstill
j the engine was tilted so far over that
I it seemed as if it must fall on Its side,
j the tender was torn from its trucks
j and ; upset and the baggage and mail
I cars, a composite coach and the dining
j car were off the rails, the baggage-car
being partly across another track. The
other four cars, all Pullman sleepers,"
kept to the rails, and the passengers all
I escaped with only a bad shaking up.
( The wreck occurred just five minutes
! after the train had left the Oakland
| mole, and for a few moments after the
! train had come to a stop the pas'sen
', gers were badly frightened. The four
j Pullman coaches were ' at once ' sent
J back to the mole, where a new train
; was made ud and sent east by way of
I Niles. Traffic on the main line was
!. completely blocked, and passengers to
and from Berkeley'were forced to alight
and walk around the wreck. ;:/•_■•.
; As soon as the wreck occurred word
; was sent to the West Oakland yards,
j and a wrecking crew was soon at work
i clearing the line. C. C. Bu.rton, super
; intendentof the Pullman department;
Master Mechanic Russell and General,
J Foreman French of the Oakland yards
' directed the work of clearing the wreck,
S and at a late hour to-night traffic over
j the main line was resumed.
The wrecked train was in charge of
Engineer William Scott, Fireman Paul
Templeton and Conductor W. F. Heck
ell. The Pullman- coaches were in
charge of Conductor J. W. Deming.
The cause of the accident has not yet
been definitely ascertained, but the rail
road men believe it was due to the
switch "splitting"' under.. the drive
wheels of the locomotive. .
Deatli of E. H. Ashman.
BERKELEY, Dec. 30.— fE. H. Ash
man, who had charge of the war
against mosquitoes conducted under
the auspices of the State University,
died at San Rafael last Wednesday.
He was an enthusiast, who put 'his
work above every "other consideration,
and, although besought by his family
to moderate his • zeal, he refused to
do so. He* had been • ill f6r 'some
months. Ashman was assisted by, his
wife in the experiment station work
and it. is thought- that she may suc
ceed him. No action in the matter
has been taken by the university, au
thorities, but* it; is believed Mrs. Ash
man will be considered for the place.
.To prof er a small sum as a bribe is
an insult.'.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CA1LL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 33, 1904.
PREPARES HIS
ANNUAL REPORT
President Wheeler Makes
Kecommendations to the
State Legislative Body.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Dec. 30.
' President Benjamin Ide" Wheeler has
given to the university printing office
the copy for his annual report to the
State Legislature. The report is con
sidered the most Important paper is
sued from the university during the
year, embodying, as it does, a compre
hensive review of the work accom
plished by the university. The presi
dent has permitted none to see copies' of
the document, and it is not to be made
public, in Its entirety, until the clerks
of the Assembly and Senate announce
that' they "have for reading a report,
from the president of the State Univer
sity." ;
It is known, however, that a principal
feature of the president's paper will be
his recommendation regarding the
needs of, the agricultural college of the
university. It is desired that the Leg
islature appropriate at least $200,000 for
a new agricultural college building, and
an appropriation for the establishing
of an experimental farm and dairy at
some convenient place outside of
Berkeley.
President Wheeler, instead of asking
.for'a number of small appropriations,
will suggest the giving of a lump sum/
to be expended as the h regents shall
deem best This action is in line with
the advice of the United States De
partment of Agriculture to President
Wheeler. The appropriation referred to
now, however, would not include the
money needed for the new agricultural
j college building, to be , erected .In .ac
cordance with the plans for the greater
university.
The State Farmers' Institute, held at
the university a- few months ago; ad
vised a -better understanding between
the University men and the agricultur
al interests. Resolutions were'.unahf
mously adopted, approving of the plan
to ask the Legislature for $200,000 for a
new' agricultural : college, and 'such
other moneys as might be needed.
Searches for Missing Family.
. OAKLAND,'. Dec' 3 0.'— JI B. " Josephs,'
a teamster at San Leandro, has f asked
'the.- police to help" him, find Manuel
Fernandez,' who,' claims, \. has'
eloped with Mrs. Josephs, • taking her
two ' children with him. Josephs said
he had traced '. them ■ from - San Lean
dro '' to San • Mateo; thence ; back-" to
Oakland. The -parties are Portu-'
guese.
VOWS HE WILL
SLA Y SPOUSE
Husharid;AnHOimces.His Jn
tentioh to Avenge Himself
or> Having Been Arrested
WILL BIDE HIS TIME
In Presence of Son, Prisoner
Makes Threat That Leads
to an Additional Charge
Oakland Office S^an Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Dec. 30. '
From his cell in' the city prison Vin
cent! 'Addiago uttered a threat to-day
that he would cut out his wife's heart'
with a razor as soon as he gained his
liberty, no matter if he went to the
penitentiary for five years.' '"'
The murderous' declaration, heard by
Jailer. Bert .Curtis, Attorney James
Creeley and Frank Addiago,' the pris
oner's son, was the basis of the issu
ance of a second \ warrant of 'arrest,
against Addiago, ' already jailed on
charges of having brutally beaten and
kicked his spouse. '
Addiago was venting his wrath upon
Mrs. Addiago' because she had caused
his arrest on the battery charge upon
which he is awaiting trial. As soon
as that Is disposed of the more serious
threats will be taken up in court. ■'-'■'.,
The prisoner, according to his wife,
has exhibited a bloodthirsty tendency
toward his family for months. Mrs. Ad
diago told the court officials that her
spouse had attempted to poison her
and their children,. Frank and Theresa,
by sprinkling rat poison on their
bread. She indicated that the $1500 life
insurance carried by herself and the
son was a motive for the deed.
; After hearing Addiago's utterances at
the city jail to-day Attorney Creeley
withdrew from the 'case. Attorney
W. H. O'Brien, who had also been con
sulted, declined to defend the man.
WITH NEW YEAR
CUPID RESUMES
GAME OF HE ARTS
BY ZOE GREEX RADCLIFFE.
OAKLAND. Dec. 80.— Cupid Is beginning to
get busy attain ami the new year will prob
ably nil the. ' society ' columns 'with surprises
In the way of engagement announcements. I
have my. eye on a few romances that are un
folding very nicely and . will spread the glad
tidings Just as soon as j the little god of love
gets a good solid footing. . Out Piedmont way
are several t temptations to matrimony and It
is 'whispered-' that "-a certain . charm lnK society'
girl — blonde, dainty and gracious — has cap
tured a clever young Kan Franclican: ■>. _.
Then there is a well-known 'finger In our
midst who will soon be a bride and in a few
days I may be permitted- to. divulge'.the'en
gagement ot a little lady 'acroBS*the' bay who
has friends and relatives in Oakland. :
Of those . who have already told* their* secret
the most- Interesting, because the most notable,
Is perhaps that ot Miss Susie Gray Lie Count,
the ,. cultured and attractive daughter of the
late J. P. L<e Count. She is engaged to Rev.
David Evans, who came frosa New York re
cently to accept a call -by Grace episcopal
Church. Ban FrancUco, of which he is now
rector. ,. .. ., '. .
Since the return of Mrs. P. M. Smith, the
fairy godmother of the Home Club, Its social
spirit has received a new. Impetus and it will
btgin another year with what promises to be
the most brilliant event In its history. Dancing
Fffrns to have found unusual favor In the
smart set this season, . and nearly all of the
swellest functions 'have been devoted, at least
in part, to Terpsichore. So the Home Chib
affair on January 5 is to be a ball, and there
will probably be a £ayer and larger crowd than
has yet marked any strictly club affair.'
The list of those receiving' is a long one
and includes the names of Mrs. Susan M. Far
man, Dr. Fenton, Dr. Mary Fletcher, Mrs.
J. A. .Folger, Mr. and' Mrs. J. P. Garlick. Mr
and Mrs. R. W. Gorrill, Mr. and Mrs. Gil ;s
Gray, Mr. and Mrs. George B. I M. Gray, Mr.
and Mrs. C. D. Gilman, Mrs. S. M. Oilman,
Mr. and Mrs. W. S. Goodfellow. Mrs. M. M.
Goodhue. Mrs. • R. A. Green, Mr. and Mrs.
David Gage. Mrs. W. J.- K.. Gunn Mr. and
Mrs.. George D. Gray, Mr. and. Mrs. F_ C.
Havens, Mr. and Mrs. Wickham Havens, Mr.
and Mrs. E. A. Heron, Mr. and- Mrs. A.. H.
Hills, Mr. and Mrs. Frank B. Hoyt, Mr. and
Mrs.- G. T.- Hawley, Mr. and Mrs. Valentine
Hush, Dr. Clara Holmes, Miss Sarah W.
Horton, Mr. and Mrs. Franki Hurd, Mr. and
Mrs. A. K. P. Harmon, Rev. and Mrs. C. M.
Hill. -Miss Marlon Walsh. Miss Grace 8perry.
Miss Marion Smith,: Miss Helen Powell, -Mies
Oliver. Miss Anita P. Oliver. Miss Pauline
Mathews, Miss Annie Miller. Miss Louise Kel
logg/ ! Miss I Ethel • Johnson, Miss - Hagar, Miss
Irene Bangs, Miss Lucretia Burnham, Miss*.
May COosran/'Miss'Helen Chase; Miss Pauline
Collins,' Miss Georgia Cope, Miss Everson. Miss
Elsie Everson, Miss Sara Prink water, Miss
Evelyn Ellis, Hies • Marietta Edwards, Miss
Gray, Miss Elizabeth Gray, Miss Marlon Good
fellow, Miss Carolyn Hawley, • Miss Imogen
Hawley, Miss . Florence Hush. . "V"'.
Alta Vista, the hillside home of the Henry-
A. Butters, and one of the most charming
places ln*town for entertaining, was the scene
of a yuletlde party to-day. Master Harry But
ters being the host. The gay little party was
given the freedom of the billiard and ball
rooms and the young people enjoyed sereral
delightful hours with all sorts of interesting
games. The afternoon closed with the serving
of a bountiful feast In the prettily decorated
dining-room. Master Butters' guests^. were:
Miss Carmen Percy. : Miar Amy Bowles. Miss
Lucile Cook ' Miss Ernestine McNear, Mlas
Elizabeth Orrick. Miss Gladys Wilson. Masters
Ernest Percy. .Elbert Gray,. Ralph. Country
man. Philip Conradi and Sydney. Carleton.
MrB. Rose Pitcher I and Miss Plleher gave . a
Christmas dinner last Monday that was a
delightful affair and marked by several unique
features; After enjoying the elaborate . menu
the guests assembled about a brilliantly lighted
tree laden with toys of every description.
These were distributed among ■ the guests - and
then the real fun began; for attached to each
toy- were directions.,, how to find . other gifts,
which had been concealed about the rooms and
which proved ; to be ' both pretty and valuable.
The guests ' were :. Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Dem-
Ing ' of San- Francisco, Mr. and Mrs. Joseph
A. Spongier. Mrs. Ida Laughland, Miss Cora
Mitchell. Miss Harriet Dwyer. Mlsa Gertrude
Dwyer, . Miss Elsie Palmer of San Francisco;
Messrs. Edmund Pechart^ Ed Broadwater ani
Fred Ott. • ■ v ' • .
Mr.i and Mrs. Edward B. Hopkins of San
Francisco .were i guests, of .honor -. this evening
a,t a . dinner . given by > Mr. and Mrs. Edward
Lacy Brayton at the Claremont Club. " ■ \
Dr.- W. D. Huntlngton -returned yesterday
from the East. - : . ,i .
Miss Eleanor O'Rourke has returned from an
extended -visit to Los Angeles.
Mr. and Mrs. John 3.. Valentine Jr. (for
merly Jacqueline Moore) are rejoicing over the
birth of a little daughter, who came very near
being a rea) . Christmas gift, arriving just a
day too late, ■■ She .was born on December 26.
POLICEMAN'S TRIAL. SET.— Oakland. Dec
80 — The Police and Fire Commissioner! to-day
set the trial r of '.:.• Policeman P. - McKeegun,
charged with unlawfully arresting J. M. Breen,
a saloon-keeper, for January 7. •
WHY • CERTATNIiY!
KNOW-IT- AIjIj JAKE
Knew Just Exactly' JIow to Cure
a Balky Horic
IN NEXT SUNDAY'S ;
COMIO • SECTION.
SOIL SECRETS
THEIR SUBJECT
Scientist's ■.* Interested in
•^Making of "Worlds Meet at
•University/ in Conference
GEOLOGISTS IN SESSION
Problems Talked Of \by Men
Who Have Made Study of
Things Under the Earth
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Dec. 30.
The Cor.dllleran section of the Geo
logical Society of America held its
sixth annual session in South. Hall on
the University- campus to-day. r ; The
work of the session will not be-con
cluded until to-morrow night. Papers
o£ .importance and, interest to the sci
entific world are . to be read in the
course of the session, the first of them
being under discussion to-day.
Professor John C. Merriam of the
geological department/ of the Univer
sity'of California was the first speak
er this morning, his subject being
"The Most Primitive Type of Ichthy
osaurian Limb." He brought with
him a specimen' limb from the mu
seum of. the university. . It Is part of
a [collection recently obtained from
the middle Triassic of Nevada and is
considered ah unusually good speci
men, showing the pro and apipodial
segments of an anterior limb. Pro
fessor Merriam declared that of ; all
the known ', ichthyosaurs this form
shows the most primitive forearm re
gion and' approaches most nearly the
type seen in. primitive shore reptiles.
This fact, he declared, is especially
significant when it is considered that
this is pfoably the oldest known spec
imen showing the limb elements.
The specimen upon which Pro'fessor
Merriam • discoursed to the ' scientists
present was recently presented, with
other ' material 'of similar character, to
the university by Miss A. M. Alexan
der. .'All were obtained from''expo
sures of the trachyceras horizon of
the hosselkus limestone •. occurring a
few miles from Winthrop, Shasta
County, Cal.
Professor Merriam also discussed
the relationships of arctotherium, this
paper being devoted to theories re
garding the affinities and origin of the
group of bear-like species classed un
der the genus arctotherium. «
E. L. Furlong of the geology depart
ment of the State . University read a
paper on "A New Sheep-Like Form
From the Samuel Cave." He discussed
the ; features, .of a sheep-like form
found, in- the .cave recently, in addi
tion to .the three representatives of
the ovinae already discovered there.
The latest, find, declared the speaker,
differed. f materially from any type
known - in Arnerica. ; His - paper was
given up to a recital of these points
of difference. .'"■. ■ , . '.v'
At the afternoon session of the so
ciety Adolph Knopf, a graduate stu
dent of. the university, described the
geology of the Mineral King belt, an
area situated near the crest of the
Sierra Nevada in Ti)lare County, Cal.
He explained that the rocks of the
region consist of a metamorphlc belt
of quartzites, limestones and clay
slates invaded by mesozoic granites
and rendered more or less schistose.-
They represent an isolated remnant. of
the batholithic roof formerly coexten
sive with the range and are regarded,
from the nature of their, hypsometric,
relations, as having sunk over a mile
into the 'rising magma. It is this vol
umetric displacement of the intrusive
granites that their preservation from
the severe denudation that the region
has undergone is ascribable.
"A Study of the Stratigraphy and
Structure of the Mount Diablo Range"
was the title of F. M. Armstrong's pa
per, which followed. It was said by
the speaker that the Mount Diablo
range defined by : Whitney, ex
tending along the western side of the
San Joaquin Valley, is typical of the
southern coast ranges. It contains a
core of pre-Cretaceous strata and old
eruptive rocks overlain on both flanks
by! Cretaceous and Tertiary strata.
Topographically and structurally it
contains a number of separate divi
sions.
Professor E. W. Hilgard, dean of
the college "of agriculture of the uni
versity, read the last paper during the
afternoon ; session. His , subject was
"Some Peculiarities of Rock Weather
ing and Soil Formation in the Arid
Region."- His paper presented the re
sults of observations on the differences
in; the. processes of weathering under
humid and arid conditions, respec
tively, and the physical and chemical
differences in the ! resulting regoliths.
SON FINDS HIS AGED
MOTHER DEAD JN BED
Coroner to Hold Inquest in Case of
Mrs. Judith Chase, at West
Berkeley.
BERKELEY, Dec. 30. — An inquest
has been ordered in the case of Mrs.
Judith ; Chase, an aged woman, resi
dent at 2109 West Fourth street, West
Berkeley, who was found dead in'bed
last night by; her son; Frank Chase.
Mrs. Chase had ; been ailing for some
time. Last night about midnight<she
called to her son Frank. As she was
in the habit of calling during the night
he did not at once go into' her room,
but instead* answered: ''Go to sleep,
mother; .everything is. all right" . '"■
He heard nothing; further for some
time and becoming .uneasy he arose
and, lighting a lamp, went into 'his
mother's ; room to find her taking her
last v breath. .
Because there; was no physician in
attendance and because Mrs. Chase
had been heard to say that she feared
some one was trying to do away with
her/ Deputy -Coroner Streightif has
ordered that an inquest be held next
Tuesday. It is believed, however, that
death resulted from natural causes.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.— Oakland, Dea 30
The following: marriage licenses" were issued
by the County Clerk to-day : Roland I*. Cald
well, 24. and Esther . A. v West. 22. both of
Oakland ; ; Louis O. - Long. , over 21,- and .Lucy
Dletzsch. : over' 18.-: both' o£ ;: Berkeley ; Charles
.Vogel, ■ 37,, and MaryXonners,", 37.' both of San
Francisco. "' " -.- . ...... r .
GOLDEN CHANCE
FOR STCDENTS
Notice ef Second Rhodes
\ Scholarship Examinations
Made by President Wheeler
CONDITIONS OF CONTEST
Stanford Men Alone Eligible
to Compete for Distinction.
Oxford Sends Explanation
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street. D«c. 30.
i In view of the/statistics recently for
warded to President Wheeler from Ox
ford revealing the ' fine .showing made
by California men In the Rhodes schol
arship examinations, the university au
thorities believe that unusual Interest
will be shown In the latest information
regarding these examinations, issued
from President Wheeler's office at the
university to-day.
• It is announced by President Wheel
er that January 17 and 18 have been set
as the time for the next examination
in California for Rhodes scholarships.
The examination will be held at Stan
ford University and will be open only
to students of that university.*
President Wheeler, as chairman of
the committee of selection for Califor
nia—his colleagues being President Jor
dan and Dean Norton of Pomona Col
lege — received to-day from Principal
George R. Parkin, the representative of
the Rhodes scholarship trust, an an
nouncement that on January 17, from
9 to 11 a. m., will be held the examina
tion In translation from Latin into
English; from 1 p. m. to 3 p. m. on the
same day, the examination in Latin
prose, and from 4 p. m. to 6 p. m., the
examination in arithmetic. At corre
sponding hours on the following day,
January 18, examinations will be held
In translation from Greek Into English,
in Latin and Greek grammar, and In
algebra or geometry. Ail students who
succeed in passing this qualifying ex
amination are eligible to admission to
Oxford without further examination.
The examination papers will be
marked at Oxford, and from the list
of those successful in passing this
qualifying examination the authorities
of Stanford University will select the
man who Is to be the next Rhodes
scholar from California. : -• '■'■'■
The first Rhodes scholar from Cali
fornia was William C. Crittenden.
at the time of his selection just about
to begin his senior year in the uni
versity.
LIFE'S VOYAGE
IS COMPLETED
Captain Edward A. Williams,
a Pioneer Master Mariner,
Enters the P'ort of Death
ALAMEDA, Dec. 30.— Captain Ed
ward A. Williams, one of the pioneer
master mariners of the Pacific Coast,
completed life's voyage when his spirit
passed out last night at his home, 2260
Encinal avenue. He was a native of
Boston, 69 years of age, and had fol
lowed the sea for half a century, re
tiring from the bounding billows four
years ago. ; • •!' ' .."<■" •
Many thrilling adventures marked the
life of Captain Williams. He came to
California by way of Cape Horn in
1850, and before he was twenty years
of age had been awarded a master
mariner's papers. While engaged In
coast trading in the early fifties Cap
tain Williams and his crew were at
tacked by Indians at Cuffeys Cove.
His vessel was burned and several of
his sailors were murdered, the captain
himself being wounded in the leg by
a poisoned arrow. During the stirring
days of the Vigilantes in San Francisco
Captain Williams affiliated with that
organization and was also a' lieutenant
in Company G of the Flying Artillery.
While plying between Havre and New
Guinea he was wrecked on the coast of
South America and lost his ship. In
the Crimean War he' commanded a
French transport carrying troops be
tween- Havre and Sebastopol. For
twenty-five years Captain Williams
sailed sugar packets between San
Francisco and the Hawaiian Islands
and was long in charge of the bark
entine W. G. Irwin. ;£■-{:,
Captain Williams came of old Puri
tan and Revolutionary stock. He had
made his 'home here for twenty-eight
years. Surviving him are a widow and
two daughters, Mrs. Stanley Howard
Head and Mrs. J. A. Sansom. He was
a member of Myrtle Lodge No; 16, K.
of P., San Francisco, and of Oak Grove
Lodge, No. 215, F. and A. M., of this
city.
WANTS TO DIVORCE HER
HUSBAND A SECOND TIME
Edna Raffetto "Concludes She Can
No Longer live With
Cruel Spouse.
OAKLAND, Dec. 30. — For a second
time Edna Raffetto is suing Louis Rar
feto, son of a well-known West Oak
land, gr,oceryman, for' divorce. In
their short married career of three
years they have been divorced once
and remarried and she -is now seeking
a divorce a second time. She alleges
cruelty and says that he has struck
her and sworn at her. She is but 20
years of age and married Raffetto
when she was 17.
Mary P. Fenley began an action for
divorce against -Thomas W. Fenley to
day on . the ground of cruelty. Final
decrees of divorce were granted Clara
Rfcmien ; from Henry J. D. Remien for
cruelty and Mary A. James from Wil
liam M. James. for desertion.
- STEVEDORE IS KILLED. — Oakland. ': Deo.
30. — While •- engaged In ' unloading lumber ■ from
the ship Premier Robert McFern. a stevedore
received a fall that resulted fatally.' He ' lived
at 139 East' itreetr '•
BEANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAN1X
1018 Broadway.
Telephone 3 Iain 10S3, '
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77,
ALA MED A.
1435 Park Street.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS
GOES TO JAIL INSTEAD OB" OTtAVB. —
Oakland. Dec. 30.— J. P. Clark, who wm ar
rested after trying? to ' commit «otc!d» toy
throwing himself In front of an electrto car,
was sent to the City Prison for thirty c*y»
for ; vagrancy to-day.
INJURED BT BTBEHTT CAR. — Oakland.
Dec 30.— Max Wanger. a barber, wu struck
by an electric car this moraine at FourteenUi
street and Broadway and badly cut about
the head. Dr. H. B. Mehrmann and Dr.
George Relnle attended the Injured - man.
BOYS SiraPECTED OB* BUROI*ART^—Oak
land. Deo. 30.— Charles Marshall. 13 ywra
old; George Audet, 13 years old. and Charles
Nell. 14 years old, have been arrwted on
suspicion of having burglariously ransacked
the Lafayette School a few days ago.
ACCUSED OF EaiBEZZXJXO^- Alan*s«a.
Dec. 30.— Bert I* WoodJord of 1133 Ninth
street, this cltr was taken Into custody here
last night on Instruction from the Police De
partment of San Francisco. "Woodford was
wanted across the bay on a eh&rge of em
bezzlement.
CARMAN HEAVILT SHOCKED.— Oakland.
Dec 30. — While working on top of a Key
route car "William Harrison received a sever*
shock through the mistake of a motorman.
who switched on an electric current. Har
rison was hurled from the car and received
Injuries that may cause his death.
ENDEA.VORERS ELECT OFFICERS^-^Ala
meda. Dec. 30. — Officers have been chosen by
the Al&meda City Christian £ndeavor Union aa
follows: President, W. T. Locke; vtoe presi
dent. Miss Grace Hamilton; recording secre
tary. Miss Haael Peterson ; corresponding sec
retary. Daniel Bead; treasurer. Ira Sanford.
.DIETZ "WIXX. PROBATED. — Oakland. Dea
80.— The will of the late Alfred C. Dteta was
admitted to probate this afternoon and his
widow. Sarah J. Diets, was appointed ex
ecutrix without bonds. The estate Is valued
at about $300,000 and is left entirely to th»
widow, with the exception of a |300 legacy
to each of the three children and an income
of (50 a month to the son and an allowance
of $50 a quarter to the two daughters. -
PAINTERS ELECT OFFICERS.— Oakland.
Dec. 30. — Local No. 127 of the Painters" -Union
elected officers last night and those chosen
to direct the affairs of the local for the en
suing term are: President, David 8. Reseiyh;
vice president. George "W. Scaddan; recording
secretary. W. B. Ward; financial secretary.
R. B. Poorman; treasurer, W. E. Scully; con
ductor, M. J. Trevelln; business agent. W. W.
Norrls (re-elected); warden. William Colgate;
trustees. F. H. Pratt. J. H. Puislfer. E. Cole
man. F. H. Blake. F. M. Demur; members
or the executive board. A. H. Hetherlngton
(president), W. E. Scully. F. H. Pratt. W.p.
Ward. F. M. Dewar. W. "W. Norrls; delegates
tt> the District Council of Painters, San Fran
cisco. F. H. Pratt. J. H. Puislfer. VT. P. Ward
W. E. Scully. F. H. Mosher. J. H. Carney;
delegates to the Building Trades Council. R.
B. Poorman, W. E. Scully, A. H. Hetherlng
ton. C. I. Williams. 8. H. Pratt. F.'M. Dewar.
KEAIi ESTATE TRAXSACTICMrgL
Alamedn County.
FRIDAT. DECEMBER SO.
L. or Lyon and Julia Lelpslc to Zeld* Leii>
sic (single) subdivision E in lot 13. block A.
map of plat showing restibdlvlslon of lots 11.
12 and 13. of block A. Oakland View Home
stead, aa per surrey 3237. Oakland :"glfC-V' .
Berry-Bangs Land Company (corpoTatlon> to
Baptistlne A. Mendenhall. lot E line of Re
gent atxett. 179. M N of Russell. N 60 by E
14S. lot 15, block H. Berry- Bangs Tracr-map
No. 2. deed and agreement. Berkeley; $10.
Margaret A. Harlan (administratrix of estate
of Albert P. Harlan) to Henry Harlan, all in
terest In lot on E line of Fifth street 201:3
8 of All 3 ton way. 8 10O by E 1*1. Iota '23 and
28. block 115. map of Tract B. Berkeley Land
and Town Improvement Association. Berkeley;
»eoo.
John Titus (single) to William Ogston
(single). Jot on W line of Oak street. 23 N of
Fifth. N 25 by W 75. lot 21. block 128, Kel
lersberger'smap Oakland; S10.
Joshua R.. Stella B. and William W£ Mead
and Anna M. or Anna Leoeadle Lee. trustees
of estate of Stephen Mead to Katy Bekins
(wife of Martin), lot at Intersection of Market
street and South Mead avenue E 84.08 8
125:7. W 157:3, XE 145.51. lots 32 t» 38, map
of Mead Park. Oakland; $10.
Alice Downing (single) to Blanche I. Few?
(single), lot on W line of Eleventh atreet 810
N of VUla, W 10O by N 36, lot 28 and portion
of lot 25 block 3, revised map of San Pablo
Avenue Villa Tract. Oakland: $10.
Blanche I. Ferry (single), by O. B. HotcJi
klsa (attorney) to John Titus (single),' lot on
Wllne of Eleventh or Fremont street," 310 N
of Villa. W 10O by N 38. lot 28 and portion
of lot 25. block B, revised map of San Pablo
avenue Villa Tract, Berkeley; $10., ■ ■
Joeeph J. and Barbara Mason (wife) to.
George Sully, lot on E line of McOee avenue
(Dwindle). 100 S of Ward street. 8 35. E 120.
N 85, W 40. N 5, W 40. S 5. W 40 to begin
ning, portion of lot S, block 4. State Univer
sity Homestead No. 3. Berkeley: $100.
John U. or J. C. Calkins (trustee) to Char
lotte L. Morgan, lot on E line of Euclid ave
nue. 271.64 N of Hillside way, N 80 by B 130,
lot 7. block 2, Wheeler Tract. Berkeley;. $10.
F. W. Lewis to Cora M. Lewis, lot on W
line of Weber street. 90 S of Central avenue,
8 35 by W 89. being 8 35 feet of lota 91 and
92. map of Encinal Park Tract. Alameda: $3.
Sidney Haalett to James 1>. Barry.' lot on
W line of Cottage street. 164:3 N of Central
avenue. N B0 by W 100. lots 8 and 9, revised
map of Encinal Home lots; $10. ' - :
FOOTPADS BEAT VICTIM,
BUT GET XO MONET
John Sneber**, a Carpenter, Has Ex
citing Struggle With Two
Highwaymen.
OAKLAND, Dec SO. — John Sue
berg, a carpenter residing at 512
Eighth street, was held up to-night
shortly after 8 o'clock at the corner
of Ninth and Clay streets by two men
and was severely beaten wh,en he re
fused to submit to befog robbed. Sue
berg, however, proved himself no
mean antagonist, finally putting the
would-be robbers to flight • He pur
sued them for a short distance, but
they made their escape In the dark
ness.
In the struggle Sueberg' received a
blow which 'opened a long gash on
his head and also sustained an abra
sion On the right cheek. He was tak
en to' the Receiving Hospital, where
Ms wounds were dressed. The foot
pads got nothing for their trouble.
Owing to the darkness Sueberg could
give no description of his assailants.
=•1 h»v« suffered with piles for thlrty-slx yean.
One year ajo lam April i began takin?Ca*caretfr
for constipation. In the coarse of a week 1 noticed
the piles bez»a to disappear and at the end of six
weeks they did not trouble me at ail. Caseareta
hare done wonders forme. I am entirely cored and
feet like a new man." Oeorsa Kry der. Napoleon, O.
CANOV CATrURTlC _^^^^
Pleasant, PaJatrATe. Potent, Taste Good. Do Good.
S.M r» 8 K Ck it n * W J >aken «"-<5rtr*,. 10<*2Se.Me.N«TS»
On.~-* b i k ; Tha W"" 119 «*ble« stamped CcS
uu * r »otee<i to cure or jour money back.
Sterling Remedy Co., Chicago or N.Y. 393
ANNUAL SALE, TEN MILLION BOXESTHREE LINERS FROM FAR LANDS
MAKE PORT IN FACE OF STORM
China Brings Many
Passengers From
Far East
Curacao and City of
Para Here From
the South.
In spite of the southeaster and a
breaking bar three liners arrived yes
terday from foreign ports. They all
arrived late in the afternoon and quar
antine and customs officials, who had
been waiting around in the rain since
daybreak for there same vessels, fin
ished a long day in a perfect whirl of
f.ork. 'Tfi^jCuracao from Mexico was
the Crst to put in an appearance and
close on her heels came the China
from the Orient. Following the China
T.a* the City of Para, from Panama,
"chased into port by the Btorm a day
ahead cf her schedule time. The Para
reached quarantine just before sunset
.and ft- was 7 o'clock before the tug
Ar^bs landed the passengers et the
Pacific Mail wharf. The Para will not
dock until this morning.
THe China brought 2526 tons of* car
£o ard 376 passengers, among them a
large number of Japanese bound for !
ilexicd. The China brought treasure
valued at $16,000. and her cargo in
cluded 2161 bales of raw siik. On
board the China was the body of Cap
tain Lawrence, late commander of the
-steamer Acme, who recently died in
the Orient. Mrs. Lawrence, the cap
tain's widow, returned home on the
China.
C. Lacy Goodrich, purser; Dr. X.
Crooks, surgeon, and E. J. Roberts,
• f reigfct clerk, of the Japanese liner
' America Maru were passengers on the
China. The America has been taken
by the Japanese Government as a
cruiser and for the second time since
ihft war began these officers have
traveled home from the Orient as pas
sengers. They all expect to be at sea
:? grain b'elore many months on one of
the Toyo Kisen Kaisha's new crack
Uners.
" Mr. und Mrs. James K. Bugler, re
turiiing from their honeymoon Jour
ney, came from Honolulu on the China.
" The China was a day late leaving
Yokcfhaina, being detained at the Jap
ariese port by a snowstorm which Cap
lain Frkle says was one of the most
**vere . he ever experienced. The
China's cabin passengers were:
K. A. Eanr.erman. Mrs. T. S. B*a.l». F. A.
"Ectch. Lieutenant Colonel Bruce. R. H. Camp.
bell.-; Mrs. R. H. Campbell. Mrs. M. C.ark.
II. W. Ciitrk. Kraiiklin Clark. Dr. >..
'Crooks Mise AS* IXlaney, A. A. Donni
iheme }Ir. Dunn. \V. H. E?.&ri£ge. Mrs. W.
H. Eid.r.&g* Mrs. Cbarie* M. Ferrier, Has
-Yam Ge* -C. Lacy Gpodrich. Alexander Gra
tis.m-Sidj>6oc. Miss Koung Fung Hock. Teon
j&si.- E. C. Johr.«on J. G. KSdston. Miss
•Marsdret Kncx. Mrs. R.. S. Lawrence. Miss
JU. IJcseri. Cartain H, Marten«. Mrs. H. Mar
tess: Dr. G. ilajer». V. 5. N.; Mrs. H. M.
Neuson. Funs Neon Captain L. Pereius, II.
A. Focle. E. J. Roberts, Si. RoUin. Mr. Rosen.
H. Ilotne. Mrs. Fun See. H. S. Srr.Uh. A. J.
.de £ouza. H. eoutherlind; Commander _M-
Tanfiia ar.d servant, Japanese navy; J. Ver
r-.'l N %V. 'VYerrv Charles H. Wood. Mrs.
dnrlesH. Wood. C. E. Cotton. Mr*. C. E.
Cotton, J»ise« K. Bulger. Mrs. James K.
Eti''£;?T A. Ttorp*. X. W. Church. Miss C
B. IJaiW. J. O. Wood, E. S. Elklns. Mr«. C.
JEkine MUe Grace Earle, E. J. Hord. H. A.
■SVideaiitiH. V.*. Takeaobi. H. A. Hu*bes. Sin.
K A- Huebea. Let Han. Miss B. Lemon.
City of Para Puts Back to Sea.
The PaciSc Mail Steamship Company's liner
City of Pera arrived off. the port about 5
c' clock yesterday morning, but so uninviting
did the entrance to the harbor look that Cap
tain Brown decided that the open sea cCereJ
fe's-er chances of disaster than a passage
through the Goliea Gate. As the ttorai
abated the Para returned and reached quaran
tine about sundown. The stewm helped the
I-ara's erigines to such an extent that in spite
of the Uttle trip to sea efce dropped anchor
in q-irar.-.!r.e just five days and on« hour after
.- ■ -.: r Maiatlan. She brought 1CC1 tons "of
<«rgo. treasure valued at $31,169 and the fol
lo«jr.g -faiteagers: Robert D. Fuller, Phillip
Ea*. ChtfSa Destcn, R. C« Kline. George
VUtiOmM Albert G. Trower, Chaxyic«y C.
iicllii and Victor Femandei.
Curacao Arrives From Mexico.
Captain Piu.Va cf th« steamship Curacao.
Vtich arrived yeKerfiay /ron Guayxaa* and
way pert*, reported a tchocner ashore at .the
Cliff Htru*e Fortunately it way a tnirtak*.
the captain fcavin* taken the xnaeta of a der*
rick for th» top gear of. a .vessel. ..in ., 4 lST
I ma The #ionn wtlcij txaveJei up tfce ccast
w,irh.tbe Caracmo. belied the. iittle Jlner alosg.
and for the :u: &my of h*r .--..varare. she made
n-cord lime. The C«rac«o- brought twenty
three p»£s«R«»ra, a .cargo which included -ore
and live turtle* and treasure vaiued. at >30u.
006 * Aiicsr her paa»*nger» were : Dr. : W.
it <r.lnn«« fcnd wife. Jo«». Axraour.' J. :' R-
PtUlips H. E. Higgles.. J.W. HsggenboJtea,
Enrique TV'ilUaass aad Anna Williams.. V; ;,-;-.:-";
Pilot Hays Carried: to Sea.
On accocst ot the ytorm -and the breaking
bar all tte ptiot boats came lcalde yetterday
and there was no "beat '■ outside to take Pilot
Hays eSf the fr*l«Vv«r Wy«2e:d after he .had
taken J:«r «*fe!y t» rtt.ci>»n •etu..:Tb»;M»*
field U bound Ssr Mojl..:tnit # . fortunately for
Carr*S* Haya wi^.eall at Ludysailth for eoe.1,
and at the Ertil*& ■CtlifflWin port: vhe : pilot
will I* put Witter*.- H» .•.•!*! return overland.- -
Alameda and Majrlpcwa : isall ; To-pay^
The Oc**Bla ; etesaiShip : ' '■ Coasaay'e iiwin
::cei« MarlBosa' aa5- : AU3>eda".wl!l;asil~st:ill
o'clock t>-£*y fram P*eiCc-streetv wfcart. .• Tte
Alad*<U. swi to Hcaa:u:u *r.a tfce Martpoaa
to Z*ti'.i aaa-t»e-eaMas".-ef.t6iai-.»eaieIa-*in
be ctqwUI wlttt-jass««STi.:r-;. : -v-:-.::-yv_ t .;-';.
JfEWS OF THE OCEA5T.
Matters of Inlcrertfta • l^rlners ;and
■ ' - Shipping Jlcrchant*. ...;:-.Vf{. - ;:;: :'"
The acJ»9or.er C. ; .S.' HoUtt«e'-;iai ; ;*i*8ao4»)<is
c£*nrr*& t-Jt l'ua»bcr:Jn.»:|*«ia*t:;.aDCB4:..to
A Carco for Honolulu.
Tfc» ectoetier Ueieee was \ €>mrei [ jr»»t*r«ay .jj
for II.reiu!u »ltfc an seaorted^ffr^refcindtee ,
canro. valaea at :. %&&*. :*^.'i^^} v *J.^.'\
ZoMowizLs; ■ :■' '■■'•-:'■'''-;'_■-.' :"";v'-?.;'.«*i' : -\v.* v "«-i
XOU i.blj flssr. 2t».'c«s-tsrUy/«:?6»«>cUs.»
wheat. tXA cU» oats. «U t«ic* tay. . 1T23 Jb» ,
:■-„:.-. J«2t lbs trr*i. IttMMbs, lard, tl tV '
\:;.>«4.r, M ' x* l*il», • C> r ct>occ^te,; : 6;pkgS'
i:r-«u.Ti6* aal rr<j»»»iJC«.' l*O;.ea.-t«ilrig> !»>•"■■.
okt, C3 t-s asaorte^ tarurd tw», tt ct : car.r»J
15 bb!» S fc*!f.tD'.» salia^a. 312.UO.ift Ww.tr
!-■'. 300,000 eainglea, 3ft jl:gi t*lnt»,'aad cJI»,"
ST»« tea aoap, ZC.Q gala «!i»ri!:ate. : :-. v 2a>^-MIi
:a;.-r, g \,-..t 1 r-« n.f. t'» f'Uga f*»-tng . -ma
chine*. 3» pkgm itilUwo^k. 550 railroad ties, 27
bbU '.-'. r;ci;:r- oil. :■> bales twine. 1300 lbs
phosphate. 133 c» gasoline.
—ej . . . • .• ,
Notice to 3Inriner«
The followi-jf aTects the list of lights. bucy»
and dayir^rks, PaciSc Coast, 1004:
THIRTEENTH DISTRICT. OREGON.
Ya^'-M Eay Er.tra2C«. pa*e 47.— Sooth end
of n*«f Bncy, No. l.a Crst-dasa can. r»^JrtM
adrift October 31, vu replaced November fL
■WASHINGTON*. * . •
Gray* Harbor Entrance pace 71.— -South
CtanneJ Oater Buoy, a Pa. nrit-cl«» nun,
rcarlced SC la white, was established December
Zi In 45 feet of water, to xsark the entrance
to the new couth cha&nel over the bar. *Thla
channel U very narrow and ia close to the
Jetty. Vessels thould not attempt to eatsr It
without a pilot.
lx»e tree on Damon Potot. ....KXE'
KcA BocSt ?fNE T4^
Grays Harbor Lighthouse Eby N
BeniBgham Bay, pace 62.— Btarr Rock Buoy/
a red B«eond-cla»s nun, reported out of posi
tion December 20. will be replaced aa soon aa
practicable.
By order of th« Lighthouse Board, >
L. C. HEILNER.
Commander, V. E. N.. Lighthouse Inspector.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED
Friday. December 30.
Etrr.r Santa Roea, Alexander. 42 hours from
San Diero and tray ports.
Stmr Curacao. Poulsen, 11 days from Guajr
mas. via Ensenada 4* hours.
Etinr China. Friele. 27 days IB hears and 52
minutes from Hon*kcn£. via Yokohama 16
days 17 hours and 52 minutes and Honolulu
5 days 17 hours ar.d 49 minutes.
Slrr.r San Pedro. Jacobs, 4S hours from
Eureka; bound south; put In to land pas
sengers.
Stmr South Bay, Anderson, 6 days from
Grays. Harbor.
Stmr City of Para. Brown, 23 days and 0
hours from Panama, via Mazatlan 5 days 1
hour and 50 minutes.
Stmr Nebraakaa. Weeden, 106 hours from
Everett: put In to finish loadlrur.
Pchr Newark. Johcson. 17 hours from Byx
bees Landing-; returned on account of being
too rough to load. \
CLEARED.
Friday, December SO.
Stmr Pomora, Ewanson. Eureka; Pacific
Coa« Ste«n»Iilp Company.
Bark Wil'.scctt. Brown. Honolulu; Geo W
Hume & Co.
Schr Helene. Thomp6on, Honolulu; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
SAILED.
Friday. December SO.
Br stmr Wyefield. Watson. MoJL via Comox.
Eur.r Pcmcna Swar.soa, Eureka.
Stmr Hcnier. Donaldson. Grays Harbor.
Stmr GlDsy. Leland. Monterey.
Etznr Chlco. Reinertsen. Albion.
SPOKEN.
Dec 7— Lat 8 X. Jons 26 W. Br ship Pega
tms. from Hamburg, for Honolulu.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS Dec SO. 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind Nff; velocity 12 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed Dec 30— Stmr
Bonita. for San Francisco; ctmr State of Cal
ifornia for San Diego.
SEATTLE— Arrived Dec 2»— Stmr Montara,
hence Dec 26.
Arrived Dec 30— Stmr Cottajte City, from
Bkasirajr.
ASTORIA— Arrived Dec 30— Stmr Geo W
Elder hfnee Dec 2S.
VENTURA— Arrived Dec ?S — Etrar Vfhlttier.
hence Dec 28. with barse Santa Paula in tow.
PORT GAMBLE: — Sailed Dec 30 — Br bark
Strathion. for .Melbourne; schr Robert Lewers,
for Honolulu.
HARDY CREEK— Arrived Dec 30 off port—
Stmr Marshfield, from San Francisco.
PORT HARFORD— Sailed Dec 30— Stmr Bo
r.'.'x. tcr Pan Francisco.
EVERETT— Sailed Dec 80 — Bktn Chas F
Crocker, for San Pedro.
SOUTH BEND — Arrived Deo 30— Stmr Se
quoia, hence Dec 26.
CLALLAM— Anchored In bay— Schr Lottie
Ber.nett. from Port Angeles; «ch Tauros, from
Port Gamble, for San Pedro.
PORT TOWNSEND — Sailed Dec 30— Schr
Alpena. for Kaichou.
GRAYS IIAKBOR^ — Arrived Deo 30 — Stmr
Santa Mcnlca. hence Dec 27; «chr Oceania
Vance from San Pedro.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Sailed X>ec »— Stmr Ventura.
tcr Sydney. . : •' .
, HH»— Arrived Dec SO— Stmr. Enterprise,
hence Dec. 21. • • -■ ' ■'- '.. •* .'
'it KAHULUI -Sailed Dec 23 — Stmr Nevadaa.
for 5a n Franci«^>. .."-.-■. • .• " ' . •;•':•"
"v. MANILA— Sailed Dec 2^-TJ S stmr r>ix.-for
Sari FrancUco., '.•■■. : i;.-' i •."-•/,*■»■;'•'; . ;•.!-.:•'— •":'.,";:
Arrived Dec" 28— rU> S ' itmr ' Logan; .henc«.
•Dej 2. '•:" ••.'=.'- i r w;;v. ; .-,vjv,ch.':-;;VV :£>£'. '■ >.
... :.-.-:• '. V • FOREIGN PORTS. ■•••: - .,■•:■
'• : VAXCOUA-Eh— Arrived Dec 29— Stmr. Edith.;
her.ee Dec. 23. • V> .i*/-> '' '••V'/W-"'.-; ■ '."..:.•
.CAPE HENRY — Paaked J>c 2»-^-Br ,»tmr.
A thoa. ' frofn - Baltimore, for Colon; ' * •' Vi
COLON 1 — Sailed Dec; 28— Stmr Advaup*. for 1
New York. • . - ■' ■ ■:"■ '-,::■■ •_ * • .' - -■'■:.'■:-
ICUIQCE— Ealled . Nor.. 1^— Br stmrCapac,
for New York.- . ;f- t «V..»':- # v ' '. .. ! ■ •yvi-*jpff»y. i
PX8AOUA— Amved Xov 25— Br »tair.Anrlo-
Afrtcan. froxa Tyne. -.- ; i ■.
SHANGHAI— Arrt red Dec 27— Br Wbnr Sat
■un;*, from -New York, for Manila.: ■•.:-:•,'«"•>•■•■'.■;
VICTORIA— Eall»d Dec 20 — Stmr. Queen, for-
San FrancJteo: Br ship Penthesilea. from P«n-:
arr-a; t!»d ur> at E»qulmaJt harbor for or4»r».
; gINOAPOKE— Arrived prior to D«c -30 — Span
tln.r I»!a - d« Pans jr. from Llrerpool; •. for - Ma--;
"'yokOHAMA— Sailed Nov* 24-«r barkVsa-
manifca. fcr 8y<!ney.- • .-;.••. -:■;•....:;.■■ •■., :
• HONOKONG— Sailed 1— Fr bark; Em
p»r»ur a*»n»lik. H tor. Sydney. ■■•... ;'::^ . ■..■■:■•.
.•■;: OCEAN. STEAMERS.. ;£;&£
." PlsXXdVTll^ Arrived D^: 30— Stmr Moltke. \
j from Kew Ttrk.- for Haipburg.' vl» Ckerbourg.
. LONDON— SaK*a .Dte W— Stmr .Mtanehaha.
for N>wf.Ycrk, -.>!» &&ixit*sivtQzi; • :~x ,';■■■;
: YOUK— Arrived Dee 30^-Etmr Mala,
[ifiicm Bremen.. ' . :•.--. ./>. :.^ ■;.■••■■ ;■ ..
f-'JiaVItLIv— Sailed Dec 30^Stmr Corinthian.'
.from Ldvttvocl. tot St Joiin. N B, and Halifax.
;:>■■ L.KOHORI* — Arrive* Dec .28— Stmr.;: Italia,'
| Via Naa»** and MfcJ*»m*s. ;-.;>;> -■*■:■.- V/^-.W*.'.
Memoranda.
""•GRAYS riAKnOR. D«c 30-rBlrtn : Ar»»t> le«t
ac tatJior ani rhain. In bxrtar . •Wease siay
t:!gtt darter a'srlnd^torm. • *-;-'. s *cr--..v^ ; -.\V--V
ANTWERP. % Xr*t . S6— Br sb!r* .-.■ Red :- Rock
arj4«Val3?n:AtU»r..lcaatng her* for S»a- Fraa
<-!*<.-o. trcVt. tcxir. mor-rtrgs durlrg .-. hutlcu*
t»:-4a>' anS- ccJWed with and badly. -d&magvd
.TJelx «irr Ea^ntre. •■,■••.'.• • "» ! ■■•':• '^■'■^'/■'■■'r-'\<
',■ LONDON , Pec 30— Br »hlD .Nlv*U*,'-.from
■Gluguw forL!Ttr3O»l,'.«« li*& tor Vancouva/.'
•rent asrere; but. "waa afterward ' sot off, at
'.La(tt1*sti. Ials cf A rrac; tiaw . waitltig- ; for - tn».:
Sah,vMooa-an4 Tide.
U='t*>3- .States ;Cfc*»ti and- Oe<xSetic'rS«rvtr—
• TJm» ar.d Hei»ht-.cX High »nd.Low.3Tater»
at F*rt"' : P*nt : «ntranco . to ' S»a -PrsBcltco.
* ' • Usy.- PBbllfhel by- official auihority.*pf : thy
- ■>"gnp<rTinten<Jent. .' ' ' •"*■■ ' ■; .'■
NOTE— Tn* nish and • low waters occur af
the city front (Vi«l°n-street about 23
minutes lat«r than at Fort Point* the height
«f zi&» Is the same at both places.
" : SATURDAY." DECEMBER 31. ;
6ua rises ..»" ; J:25
C Time) * • T»5f| _/ Tkne
• H Wj ■ . fc W . JH. W
7 I 0:001 a-OtHiWi" ».»! 0.60-0.4
""NOTEJ-In tte ab« v e expoelUoa of the t!dei
THE SAN FRANCISCO/CALL, SATURDAY, .DECEMBER 31, 1904.
| COAL BARGE COURSER WHICH
TURNED TURTLE IN THE BAY
! YESTERDAY MORNING.
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of th»
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
eometlme£ occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United Slates
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. i From. 1 Due.
Nebraskan... Seattle 'Dec 31
San Pedro. . . . Humboldt JDec. 31
Jeanie Seattle & Tacoma IDtc. 31
Empire Coos Bay Dec. 31
Vanguard San Pedro Dec. 31
Breakwater.. Coos Bay Dec. 31
Coronado Grays Harbor Dec. 31
G. Dollar | Grays Harbor Dec. 31
Bonita .Newport & Way Ports.; Dec. 31
City Para New York via Ancon..;Dec. 31
Corcna Humboldt iDec 31
Wellington...! Oyster Harbor -\.. [Dec 31
Queen j Puget Sound Ports.... Jan. 1
Arctic Humboldt Jan. 1
Eureka j Humboldt Jan. 1
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Jan. 2
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Jan. 2
Sequoia I Wlllapa Harbor Jan. 2
Sierra Sydney & Way Ports.. Jan.' 2
Saxonia Seattle Jan. 2
North Fork.. Humboldt Jan. 2
Norwood San Pedro Jjan. -2
Centralia San Pedro !Jan. 2
Amasis ! Hamburg & Way Pts. I Jan. 3
8. Barbara... Grays Harbor !Jan. 3
Edith Oyster Harbor f Jan. 3
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pte. Jan. 3
Chlco Point Arena & Albion.! Jan. 3
Pumona Humboldt I Jan. 3
I*. Leggett... Humboldt Jan. 4
'Kedondo...... Portland & Astoria 'Jan. 4
•Aorella.... 1 ., Portland & Astoria Jan. 4
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria Jan. 4
•Point Arena. . &!endocino & Pt. Arena. Jan. S
.-.Santa-Rosa.;. San Diego* W»y Pts. 'Jan. 5
Acapulco,... . New. York wla Ancon.. Jan. 5
City Puebla:'. 1 .Puget Sound Ports Jan. 6
.B. Monica..'.'. .Grays. Harbor Jan. 0
Santa Crur.V; Newport & Way P;». ;Jan. J
Nevadan..;.; (Kahulol ,....'.'.'* (Jan. T
Columbia:-.':.-. Port Ian 4; &; Astoria. ... j Jan. »
. . Steainef.-; •,;•/: p«st!riatlon> : ,; , EaVji. *P!«r. ■
: --'-;- : :!' . V-; :^»ectin%«r'airV •'•■.- •■"■■..' \
Elizabeth..; Coq^lJl«-Kl»tr -i-... 2 pn TUr 19 I
Newburg.".. .GrmyViHartsf :*..... 4 jimjPitr 1ft
, H. Dollar.-;. :Sea'UleT:<JJr«ct ■•*.;.. 4 jra>:«r 29
Vanguard/.- Humboldt -' .' : i Vv'. . . ; 12 miller 27
J. H!»g1ns'.-: }Lo» ; .Ang«le».v Ports. »1 am'l'itr 2
Cascade. .T.!:Orays : Harb©r:-'.V.;-. 8 a -n Pier 2
Alaskan. v . New. York -.direct.;; ....... Fte* 25
Varlpota... Tahiti. stfiiact ';'.'.;. U ara'Picr 1
Umatilla... :P.vc«t'iSound rent. 11 aw'Pltr '» '
AUmedtV... Honclulil ■•.::.-...•... U mplfr 7
San Joae....;j.N,, : iYi".v«a ,'Aneon.. 12 r» ««r 40
F. KilBnrn. V Portland. ft : Way... 2 »ailPi«r 2T
Ralrter....;- Seattle ;«;vBUe«bm 4 (m Cm X»
Point Arena i Pclct -/Arena- ! ...... 4 in~. Iltr ■ 2
a»Llr»dautr', GrsLjs Uarbor...... 2 pm Pitr S
.'.. r t '^.;^:;^\'-;i'j:3maWf:-U-.\ i ■' • ■
Samoa. ..... Lcs Art*lei •• Porta. 19 an Pier t
.-:••■::;:■. ■;'..■:■. -:Xp JtaiUUT' 9.^-^ I . • • I ■'■•■•.'♦.
Columbia...'. Asi',r!a fi. l'crt!»nd 11 tm Tier S4
Jean}«.i...v s*itt!o & Taeo?»a.j S f>n>!PI*r 2O
•CopbBa-.'iV.'} HiunbohU .."..'v':...|l:5»n Fl«r t
•B. --.Rosa >■.".. fJ=an Diego** Way.) 9 ant'Pler U
S. Cru». ." .•:.:.[ Newport .. ft -W*y. J » tmfiif 11
-Norwood. V.V Seattle; direct" |PJ«r 2
C».-.tra:ia. .., Or»>i Uarbcr 10 aml'itr 10
"-•; r'.-.;-v. •;-•--.; :! .-■■%$ laauuw.X . I -"..i •'•...-.-.•
S.- Barbara . • Loa j: Atgelca .'Pert*. 1 pra Pi*r 2
. Eureka*... ,J Hum»*l<Jt • »m : p!if It
Breskwater] Cp«» B«J- direct.... tpmHtr •
••^";:;--v.-^.-;,.;U'-.Vr/»«an*ty'«. >-J ,- I ., A* ■
,F. L»ggeU.- 4 Los Ar«Mc« r Pona. 13 m Pltr 9
Arctic... v..}:Hi:tribo!n-;V.; | » am Fur 2
Arcata. ... .J.Coo» vli; *; Ft Orti 12 ti Her U
'■:'-';-''':-'?^ :;:: 'i;ftm7J,-: ■■'•'•■■* t- •«'.'■
Poreor.a.'..: I.HumbolSt-'.;:-...;..jlU5(>p;pl*r •
IBtVuitUV::;.-' Wilia f a,:Iiarbar....| 4 pra Pl.r Jo
;Hf?oniSo.>.ii?Ait5rrt5"4kiI"crUaaS' S inTitr 2
;-Anabi« :•'.' .■■:.-.' H»icl>ur K s *',W«y.il2 tiHer 1»
;ia^ia'r:i.Vi;:A«'«uvfc'-I«nl»a« • am'Pler 2
Ccrt,r«dci".-.j br<}-«-. IIarfr»r: 4 ffn'Pltr lo
■ Porco.. ...;■.■.' Pl.vArenafArtiou • pn'fttr 3
State of Cal veani pi»«o : .&;\Vay. • am l»:cr li
:«3uetn. . .v:-: ;:PM«cttScuT>(!:I > pMa. U am'Picr •
•Nebraslcan. .' Hono.'.-&" KahuJul. ,..,,.lpict «- ,
CcosBay..^ San Pedro tlAVay. • amiPitr 11
Saxonia.... Hamburg & "Way. 12 mtPitr 19
N. Fork Humboldt ...:.."... » amlPicr SO
January 7. .•-. | -••.-.•
Adrelia. 1 Astoria- & PorUand 4 pmlPUr Tt
G. W. Tlder Astoria' .'*'• Portland 11 amiPler 24
City Para.. N. Y. via Ancon.: 12 /m Pier 40
Curacao.... Mexican Ports .... 10 amiPler 11
January 9. ° |
Argo * Eel River Porta... 4 pmlPler 2
- FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. -Destination. J Sails.
Cottag%Clty. Skagway & Way Ports. [Deo. 81
Santa Ana.... Seldovia & Way Ports. [Jan. 1
Jeffersqn. A ... Skagway & .Way Ports. Jan. 2
Dolphin Ska gway & Way Ports. Jan. 7
Portland Seldovia & Way Ports r J Jan. 10
Farallon..... i Skagway & Wty Ports. |Jan. 13
Time BaU.
Branch Hydrosraphic Office. U. S. " N., Mer-
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.) I
SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 30. 5 m. v -
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for the previous day:
Cincinnati 30-26' Philadelphia 32-26
Boston 32-24! Washington 36-26
Jacksonville 4S-32iNew York 28-24
St. Louis 42-241 Plttsburg 26-12
Chicago.... 30-2S Honolulu H. I....74-«8
New Orleans 44-301
SAN FRANCISCO 58-«.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls" to
date, as compared with those of th« same date
last season, and the rainfall in the last twen
ty-four hours:
Last This Last
Station — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 17.34
Red Bluff 2.50 14.74 11.82
Sacramento 0.42 S.70 4.44
San Francisco 0.3* 10.11 6.C2
Fresno 0.00 5.31 0.90
Independence 0.00 0.45 0.42
San Luis Oblspo ...Trace 4.97 0.82
Los Angeles 0.00 l.SS 0.43
San Dl^go 0.00 1.79 0.42
THE COAST RECORD.
a K s o 2 7
STATIONS. I f H| §f |% 1
c c : »
• : 3 3 ■ : • :
Baker ..29.66 40 34 SE Rain .58
Carson 29.58 60 44 S Rain .06
Fresno 23.76.68 3S E Cloudy .00
, Flagstaff ..:.3».O8 50 14 W Clear .00
: Pocatello 29.66 50 18 SE Cloudy .00
Independence. 29.70 68 30 SE Clear .00
Los Angeles ..29.98 64 46 S Cloudy .00
Mt.Tamalpals .... .. 33 " 13
North Head ..29.56 48 40 S Cloudy :62
•Phoenix 30.00 68 82 SE Clear .00
Portland 29.58 62 46 SW Pt.Cldy .16
Red Bluff 20.64 52 42 N Rain 2.24
Roseburg 20.66 46 42 SE Cloudy 1.46
Sacramento ..29.66 58 46 SW Rain .42
Salt Lake ...29.78 54 22 SE Clear .00
S Francisco ..29.74 58 48 W Rain .38
San L. Oblspo.29.78 60 3S SE Cloudy T.
San Diego ...29.98 62 48 W Clear .00
Seattle 29.56 50 44 SE Cloudy .24
Spokane 29.02 44 40 SE Cloudy .U3
Tatoosh 29.46 50 46 S Rain .70
Walla Walla..29.60 54 44 N Cloudy .44
Wlnnemucca .29.52 56 44 SW Cloudy .02
Yuma 29.98 68 42 S Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The storm still overlies the western por
tion of the country. On the Pacific slope rain
has fallen from the Tehachapi northward. At
Red Bluff 1.80 Inches are reported during the
past twelve hours.
The following high winds have occurred:
San Francisco. 3S. southeast: Sacramento. 36,
southeast: Carson. 34, southwest; Independence.
30, southeast: Wlnnemucca, 30, south; North
Head. 46. southeast.
The Sacramento River Is rising: rapidly at
Red Bluff, the river stage being 18.4 feet.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. December 31:
California, north of Tehachapi — Cloudy, un
settled weather Saturday, with showers; fresh
northwest winds.
California, south of Tehachapi — Cloudy; un
settled weather Saturday, with rain; brisk
south winds. . -
Nevada — Rain Saturday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy; unset
tled weather Saturday, with showers; light:
northwest winds, changing to southwest.
- Loe Angeles and vicinity — Probably rain
Saturday; brisk south winds.
Sacramento — Showers Saturday; light north i
winds.
Fresno— Ha In Saturday; brisk south wind*.
A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. Cal.,
December 30. 1904.
• The Tim* Ball on the tower of the. Ferry
building was 4ropped exactly at noon to-day —
t. e., tt ■ noon o( the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. to. Cretnwkh tlmt. . J. C. BURNETT,
.- ■: -••: -Umunant. U. S. X.. 1b charge.
Diiojr^ripens^a; tield ■.■•■
• ;--;v ;^;"bP.,:-BARl4EY^ IX .?• WINTER,
Sute ; Boart ■ of ;:Tr*dc^Rerelw«'EtI
:.;:: dence' of Record. Breaking "Agrl* ".-; .
: - f. •:.:-;.••-:'• ' cnlUiral .• Performance." ; :♦'.■•: .'}£} *■.
'■■•. In the favored town of Dixon, Sols
no County, four, acres: of ,barley"'"are
growing: • lustily and ■' ripesins; despite
the winter season. : ; Such an acrlcul*
toral phenomenon Is rare, if not un
precedented. . Yesterday! a shock > of
barley taken from the Dixoa fle?d was
brought to the rooms of . the State
Board of Trade In a packlcf box to
be . placed - on -.exhibition. With -it
came a letter from Fred A. Hutton'of
Dixon. In which he told of the grain
that j* was ; harvested ". ia Christmas
week. "-;.-. He said: ■:-.•:• ■:^-.:.:-:-.t..-.:---.-"--;v.. -.?....;. «<
: : t tav« four acres el barter. ar.« It Is fa the
a4var.cc^1 state. It appear* quite odd for this
tlrre c-f y*ar. - The piece «f tan« was sown with
fcaxley about the 1st of Fttruary Jsct. and the
dip vii Btrvcstel «artnc the month of June.
In prrparins; this same Und for the cultivation
of alfalfa ths ground was thoroughly Irrigated
late In August, sea this barley started at that
tt&e. arfl fias trade steady growth awl quite
rack growth to trUt time. Toa «riu s«Uce
that the heads have feioomed. aad the grmln U
now In a tUck <foua*i la many beads. The
grain is a novelty In my expertenoe from the
fact tfeat tt Is not Just a buncb or two that
has grown with trotertton from frost end colt},
tut a Cell c' t*e J>rod»cU .....
FREE A FREE
•.-. , PLUM PUDDING ...:-r
v : . : - ■;'.••.:. v-c: with ■ . ;;-v
; -SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS. ' •
LIBBY'S
HOME-MADE
• PLUM PUDDINU.
- - . ■ i
Free With Every Small Ad in
Sunday CalL
See Small Ad "Page for Further
Particulars. •"
HOLIDAY WEEK
BRINGS QUIET
Reports Indicate That the
Year Has Made a Showing
Better Than Was Expected
OUTLOOK IS FAVORABLE
Belief Prevails That There
Will Be Still Further
Improvement During 1905
NEW YORK, Dec- 30.— Dun's -weekly
review of trade to-morrow will say:
Holiday week brought the customary
quiet conditions in the business world,
inventories and preparations for annual
settlements monopolizing attention ex
cept in some branches of manufacture
where immediate deliveries were re
quired. Severe snowstorms also inter
rupted communication and transporta
tion, particularly at the West, but on
the whole the elements were helpful,
as the drought was broken in the Pitts
burg region. Annual reviews indicate
that the year has made a much better
showing than seemed possible at the
outset, the second half comparing very
favorably with the first six months,
and the amount of business on the
books in the leading industries prom
ises still further improvement In 1905.
Traffic returns of indicate
that the gross earnings of the railways
were 7.2 per cent larger than in the
previous year, and foreign commerce
for the last- week at this port shows
an increase of $1,543,163 in exports and
a very large gain of $3,819,245 in imports
as compared with 1S03.
BUOYANT SENTIMENTS.,
Buoyant sentiments prevail in the
iron and steel Industry.
Supplies of native hides are accumu
lating owing to the liberal movement
of cattle, and the tone is easy, but
small stocks of branded hides maintain
that department.
Woolen goods are advancing because
of the upward tendency of raw wool,
and purchasers are more willing to
place contracts at prevailing rates.
Failures this week number 252 in the
United ! States, against 232 last year,
and 11 in Canada, compared with 17 a
year ago.
Bradstreet's to-morrow will say: Dis
tributive trade generally is marking
I time, while oast results and future
! prospects are subjects of consideration.
j'A period of marked, even unexpected,
! activity in holiday goods of higher than
usual quality has brought to a close a
year which, because of marked im
provement in the . last quarter, has
ended better than It began, and certain
ly in far better shape than seemed pos
sible at the turn of the year, whole
sale trade is naturally of the lightest
at this season of stock taking and in
ventory, and stormy . weather and the
i flurry in raw cotton have" been addi-
I tional chilling influences. Rather less
! than the usual annual clearing sales
i have occurred because of the' notable
| absence of stocks of finished goods
pressing for sale. Collections show
' some effect from the recent heavy cir
i culation of money In all lines In en
i larged receipts.
Industry is of notably large volume
' for this season of the year, especially in
j iron and steel and kindred lines of
i manufacture.
PRICES OF METALS HARDEN.
Railway returns are favorable in that
increased earnings are quite general,
and the only drawback is the country
wide reports of car shortage.
At the West an important feature has
been the breaking up of the winter
wheat drought.
Prices of metals have hardened this
week, copper on good demand advanc
ing to. the highest point yet reached.
"Wool is strong, and stocks in dealers*
hands are the lightest in years. This
makes for strength In the finished prod
uct, business in which, however, is
light.
Business failures In the United States
for the week ending December 29 num
ber 218, against 249 last week, 209 in
the like week in 1903, 202 in 1902, 268 in
1901 and 229 in 1900. In Canada failures
for the week number 20 against 37 last
week and 18 this week a year ago. \'f/±l
Wheat, including flour, exports for
the week ending December 29 aggregate
981,140 bushels against 1,080,703 last
week, 2,915,360 this week last year and
4.818,471 In 1901.
From July 1 to date the exports ag
gregate 34,748,327 bushels against 86,
150,786 last year, 129.056,225 In 1902 and
145,221435 in 190L
Corn exports for the week aggreg ate
1.582,342 bushels against 1.862.89S laat
week. 225,085 a y«ar ago, 2.535.845 in
1902. . From July 1 to date the exports
of. cor* * aggregate 15,500,354 buehelf,
against ; -2S,523,l3& In 1903, 10,653,337 la
19O2.aad lt.23S.542 lrf 190t: ; -. ; '.v: .,• . ■ :■:
-THE . FAMILY" : JOINS : : .: f, : . ..
' v/Vy.'-V- f; US. CHRISTMAS MTItTII
if Pop** Bam 1! ton Crcnvns Club's Tri>
■•. tDnpb wtli Original Ekit EnUtled •
.:?)^-^._ "Honest Jim CBriwi."/^^--.?
S 'The Family" held forth Friday night
as a family should.; Christmas cheer.
mirth and Jollity reigned j supreme
among the club's tnernbers and cuests.
Dull care for the nonce was thrown
aside and from the rnolher-in-law
down to the youngest member of "The
Family" all joined heart and soul ia
the XeatiWUea of the evening.
; 'Good Fello-wthip," the watchword
of the club, was the password for the
night. • The literary portion of the
festivities was cf a high order and ,
this was supplemented by good thins*
that appeal to the Inner man. - >
... Following was the programme: ■
: Crcbestra. £en Lathrcn. leader; "Advios by"
Mcttier-ln-law.". Fred ' S. Knight ; aoog, 1
"Noel," F. - Vail Cakewelt and chorus; talk,
"Chriittnas Otrts," Judge M. C Sloes; song,
••Ksraretft." AV. B. Hopkins an* chorus; "A
Chrivtroas Dream," Judge Hunt: "Carols."
chorus; ."Two Poetns of tfiristmastide " £>».
J. PcnnU ArnoltJ; solo. # 'Chn»tifta» > ' «Sbelly».
iioy Pik#; distribution cf aifts. Clarence Waxa
aotir «. as Vm crigicat Santa Claus.
At aifdnight the amphitheater per* \
f ormanc« began. This was the crown
ing triumph, of the evening. The
piece de resistance was entitled "Hon
est Jim O'Brien, or Quit Your Laugh
ing." ', It. /was presented under, the
management; ■=• of ' "Pop" Hamilton.
Those taking part in the play were
"Jim" O'Brien, "Dave" McLaughlin,
Frank Mathieu, "Pete" Sloan. Alex
Rosborough, "■ John I. Walter, Roy
Pike, Fred Knight, "Appy" McKinnon,
"Jack"' Baird. , Frank ' Moroney, Harry
Dott, Will Hopkins, "Larry" Harris.
EXCELLENT
REASONS
t READING
NEXT
SUNDAY'S
The Sunday Call's Free Music Les*
sons — Lesson -Yo. 7.
By W. Scott Grove.
"The Brethren." A Romance of the
Crusades — First installment.
By H. Rider Haggard.
"Driftwood"— $50 Prize Story.
By Martha Tustin Patton of San Francisco.
"On and Off the Bread Wagon."
By Charles Dryden.
Fables for the Foolish.
By Nicholas Nemo.
"Chimmie Fadden." The Wisdom
of Woman and Unwisdom of
Philosophers.
By Edward W. Townsend.
"Jottings of Old Limjucklin"
By Opie Read. »• »i ' :.
"A Golden Link."
By A. M. Davies Ogden.
"Carrying Things Through."
.By The Parson. '_;*
"The Blowing of the Horn."
Origin of this custom.
"April Showers." .
By Ruth Sawtelle.
"In Retreat."
By Troy Allison.
California's 1904 Record in Athletics.
By Louis Levy.
Footwear for the American GirL
Half Hour With the Romancers.
By Robert W. Ritchie.
Social Gossip.
By Sally Sharp.
Dramatic Afews.
By Blanche Partineton.
Fraternal Doings.
By Ernest Stock.
Interesting Foreign Happenings.
By The Call's Special Staff of Foreign Contribu-
tors; and in addition to these Special Features
The Call Prints All the City, Coast,
Eastern and Foreign News.
PUZZLE, PAGE
Comic Section — Four pages of Comics
printed in three and four colors,
representing the highest type of
the printer's skill.
'•THE FERRYMAN"
Beautiful Art Supplement
The Call Is Sold Everywhere.
Price 5 Cents a Copy.
Daily and Sunday Call Delivered at Your
Residence by Carrier at 75c per Month.
NEW YEAR'S EVE SERVICES
AT ST. IGSTATICS CHURCH
Full »f ale Choir and That of X*dle»'
Sodality Will Sine Great Sacrea
'■' This «venlSeT there will b« & solemn
thanXirivlr.f aenrlee) at St. Ignatius
Church. The Te Dcum will t« t'Jcg
by th* fall roalft choir. a»ls:ed by the
Ladies' Sodality choir, axiA the Rer.
F&ther Htnry : Wood*. ;- S. • J^ will
preach the •ennon.--.- : r:-V' ; : ; -* : {: :-:-;> •;: -.
On New Tear's day a solemn S h!ih
mass will be sun* «t 10:S0 a. m.. when
the foil male choir, under the direc
tion of Dr. Maurice.W. cyCoitnell. will
render "Kyrie.*^. .^Gloria V:*va4
"Credo." } by. Madonno, and vSanctaa
Benedlctos" and "Acnus I>el. f# by Bau
conler. The offertory will fce "Chrfcius
Natua E«V by MeWll.vVr'-vv::t-:W^^y;^:;.
At T:SO - ; v. m. • Gregorian'- vespers
will be sung; with the • Motminca V by
SlUlard. •■'■ .'^i;. 5 -'-:- 4 v :?•■•? r-:.-^^^^:*^;
During the collection. tb« ,cho f r; f will
render GounW» ."Nasareth".";»?vvvV^v--
For the solemn benediction the
*O Salutaris." by Cae?!iero.iand:!*lA«
date Daminttas/Tiby. :Melyil.;'W«l be
rendered. .'•■ '-•■:-* <"■■ ■'.'•r-'Vi'-V-vvi.vs-;; .--j*;;,..
VMVERSITy CsXB*HOM>8 *V t ~ *■?>*>
-. ; ITS CUBIbTIUb FESTIViTTES
J. S. Tobia Plays Santa Clans cad
. Distrfbotrs Gift* With a.-/:-r-; ■
The University Club held Its annual
holiday festivities in Its clubrooms Fri
day r.ight. The entertainment began
With a dinner of a more «r less im
promptu nature. In which 75 of the'
members of the club participated.
Following this came the Christmas
tree, which was placed in • the big
front lounging-room. It waa a gor
geous affair, covered with tinsel orna
ments and glittering with 0 a myriad
of tiny parti-colored incandescent
lights. J. S. Tobin was Santsp Claus.'
He distributed*, presents with . a lavish
hand. Among others who took a
prominent part in the proceedings
were: M. S. Latham, chairman* of the
restaurant committee; W. .43. Bosly.
vice president, and W. ,.W. Thurston.
secretary. The decorations of the club
were profuse.' The rooms were gar
l
larded with everarreens and the walla
hungr with holly wreaths, tied with
Immense crimson bows of silk ribbon.
o t£TT JESTATE STttUSD.— The first and
final aceouat cf the *dmlaistratcra of ths es
tate e! Joaesit Le»r "*•» 41*4 la Ow Probate
Cmut yesterday wsea e. satmen for dlstrtbu
ties. Kexafpt* have iMflintii- tn $iit.S2* an&
exp*aaitan« SS338 3*. fwria* tlCS.997 9S ts be
Alv1«e4 aaaos; ti.» h«lr«. Or this euta fou»
•ore €«»t» («t S11.6C3 SO. five <e>ughUra «o\
S76O0 (Mt thrt* «raaecbn«r«s ISJCi SO »n4
ti<a!t»a fnaieMMrta $^» tact.
[REDUCED RATES
miiiy
. QDEanSlOWD . . . S59.25
lliiipl/i^. S5W5
LoDdondsrry . . . $60.50
Glasgow .... $60.50
Scandinavian Points $64.25
By Largest Steamers
and Quickest All-Rail Route.
Proportionate Rates From
Other Points.
"So iecnre these ratet yoa mtiit buy now.
froxa
R. R. RITCHIE.
GENERAL AGENT PACIFIC
COAST G.&N. W. RY.
617 MARKET STREET
San Francisco. CaL ;
78
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS Proprietor
ADDRECS AIA COMMUNICATIONS TO
JOHX MeXAUGHT Manager
PUBLICATION OFTICB THIRD AND MARKET STREETS. HAN FRANCISCO
SATURDAY .' . .DECEMBER 31. 1904
THE SENATORSHIP.
T OXG before the late election The Call said that sectional fair
j ness and natural politick required that the Senatorshjp. to be
*— ' filled by the coming Legislature be conceded to Southern
California. We said this before the Republican State convention
was held, and we then had, and now have, no choice between the
candidates put forward by that part of the State. Nor did we then
take this position nor do we now maintain it in a spirit unfriendly to
any aspirant from any other part of the State. . To aspire to the Sena
torship is an- honorable man's honorable ambition, and as far as we
tioiv.no other kind of man is aspiring.
The Republican party has an overwhelming majority in the
Legislature. It is big enough to do wrong or to do right at its own
•>!easure. It has the present welfare of the whole State in its hands,
and it holds this commission by a popular majority so large as to
increase the solemnity of its responsibility. Fortunately much of the
past in' the politics of the State is ended, closed and rolled up like
a scroll. Where. the most of us have fought corporations as they
seemed to deserve there is now a better understanding between them
and the people. For the last two years we have witnessed the satis
factory meeting of producers and transportation corporations face
to face, to discuss the needs of one and the claims of the other.
Neither has always got what it wanted, but both have got what they
needed, a better understanding. Each has learned something of the
other's point of view, and that always leads to a better understandiqg.
So, While there is a more peaceful spirit abroad and a tendency to
mutual concession, the old issues are less apparent in politics. At
the same time there is no abatement in watchfulness, but it is
charged with a greater wisdom and knowledge of the way to protect
any interest that may be in danger.
With this friction taken out of the political situation the Legis
lature will meet under circumstances that enable a calm and just
consideration of all rights'and the choice of right remedies wherever
they are needed. The choice of a Senator of the United States from i
California in this situation is possible along the lines of natural ]
politics, and we are still persuaded that natural politics concedes the j
Senator to Southern California. Officially, Northern California is I
full jeweled in ever}' hole. We have the Governor and Lieutenant j
Governor, one Senator, a Cabinet officer, the great Federal offices !
and a majority of the Supreme Court Justices. What more do we j
want, and what more should we have?
We know it is said that in certain Eastern States locality is not
considered, and in some cases both Senators are from the same town.
The answer to this is that no Eastern State has the geography of
California. This State is nearly iooo miles long. It differs from all
the other States in having a dense, vigorous and enterprising popu
lation in its southern end, between which and the rest of the State
deserts gleam and mountains loom. In that south are all the essen
tials of community life. After the idiy?-?T n g and isolating deserts and
mountains are passed the population, «'t fkrst sparse, increases to the
vigorous, effective dynamic centers of the north.
No other State is so bisected. No other State has two such
separated expressions of American enterprise and strength. No
other State has two such populations without continuity and con
tact. Other States are homogeneous. Their populations are in un
broken contact. Their interests are interlaced and confluent. Not
so here. Yet the great growth of Southern California is the pride of
the north, and the growth and resources of the north are the pride
«if the south. Politically they are one. In a partisan sense the only
rivalry between them is in the percentage of their Republican ma
jority' to the total vote cast. Each did its share in polling a majority
of nearly six score thousands for the national ticket. The enlight
ened Democracy north and south joined the Republican procession
and helped. All who had part in it expect some good for Cali
fornia to come out of it. One way to get it is by being fair to
Southern California. Give that section the Senator. Let the north
ern aspirants, deserving men all, give notice of their ambition. Let
their friends put them in focus, but as good party men let them each
remember the geography, political, commercial and physical, of their
preat State and leave no heart burnings in the south to work party
<lefeat later on, and perhaps at some party crisis that may mean
much for good government.
The legislators are now taking their holiday recreation and will
soon gird themselves for work. We invite their most earnest atten
tion to the considerations here presented. We are inflexible in our
belief that what we suggest is, the best for the State, for the people
and therefore for the party.
THE SUNDAY CALL MAGAZINE.
TO-MORROW will appear in the Sunday Call Magazine the first
installment of one of the most notable novels of the season by
a world-famous writer, "The Brethren," a romance of the Cru
sades, by H. Rider Haggard. Mr. Haggard needs no introduction j
to readers. As a master of weird, imaginative, if at times sensational
romance, he is unquestionably without a peer. In "The Brethren,"
however, he has departed widely from his earlier methods and has
ventured into the field of the legitimate historical romanticist- With
out sacrificing any of the qualities of treatment and style which
made the peculia/charm of "She," "Allan Quartermain" and "King
Solomon's Mines,*' "The Brethren" has stamped itself as a highly
successful historical novel and has been received with favor through
out the East. "The Brethren" will appear complete in five install
ments. It will be followed by "The Castaway," by Hallie Erminie
Rives, and Booth Tarkington's polished little romance, "Monsieur
Beaucaire/'
"Driftwood," by Martha Tustin Patton, is the prize story Jn
the fiction contest for the week. This is the second prize won by
this writer. It is a touching little San Francisco New Year's story.
There are two features pertinent to the New Year: "The Blowing
of the Horns," an historical account of the origin of a now popular
and "California's 1904 Record in Athletics," written by Louis
Levy. The article contains a brief summary of some of the notable
achievements of the past year by California athletes in various lines
of sports, dealing especially with football, swimming, tennis, box
ing, racing, polo, field sports and baseball.
The Chimmie Fadden articles, which suffered an unavoidable in
terruption for a week, will be continued with an epic in slang on
"The Wisdom of Women and the Unwisdom of Philosophers," with
ample action in the narrative. Charles Dryden continues the ad
ventures of his wandering youth in "On and Off the Bread Wagon,"
carrying his hero through a harrowing experience with a Texas
track-repairing gang. "The Jottings of Old Lim Jucklin," by Opie
Read, are continued with a discourse on gambling, and there is the
usual book review page by Robert W. Ritchie, in addition to the
Puzzle Page for the children.
THE PRESS OF THE NATION.
Senator Dick of Ohio has been made chairman of the Committee on
Inaian Depredations. It Is a safe bet that he will be on the lookout especially
for the depredations of a certain Indian named J. B. Foraker.— Pittsburgh
Times.
Still the Smoot inquisitors do not seem to have learned much more than
the late Artemus Ward, who first discovered that while the religion of the
Mormons was singular their wives were pluraL — Pittsburg Dispatch.
Tolstoy's decision to give free libraries to: Russian towns ought to be a
' splendid sug-grestlon for Carnegie. Think of the impossibility of dying poor
after giving Russia even half the libraries it needs! — Chicago News.
A United States Marshal has deprived Mrs. Chadwick of a pair of scissors
and a flask of whisky as deadly weapons. . Better avoid the hypnotic eyes and
search her for brown paper. — New York Telegraph.
Possibly as Postmaster General Mrs. Chadwick could turn the annual
deficit Into a profiL — Baltimore Sun.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY. DECEMBER 31, 1904.
VANDERBILT
HEIRESS IS A
FINE COOK
Miss Gladys Vanderbilt.
nIBS GLADYS VANDERBILT, j
daughter of the late Cornelius \
Vanderbilt, worth $7,500,000 In \
her own right and prospective
heir to $22,000,000 more, made her de
but in New York a few evenings ago, |
the initial event being a dinner dance
given by her mother at the Vanderbilt
mansion. 1 West Fifty-seventh street.
Miss Gladys is perhaps the least
known of the Vanderbilt family. She
was educated abroad, and returned
only recently. She is now 18 years old,
fair of hair, dark blue of eye and slim
and trim of figure. She plays tennis
and golf well, is an admirable cook,
loves horses and has journalistic ideas.
She is Eimple in all her tastes except
in the matter of hats, and In that she la
as extravagant as If a dollar were
nothing to her.
JUST SMILES
A CAMEL'S HAIR BRUSH.
THEN IIE WENT.
Mr. Bore — Will you think of me when
I'm gone?
Miss Cutting Hintz— As soon as you
VERY POLITE.
He — The people who run that building
certainly are polite.
She— How bo?
He — They have a sign posted over, the
hatchway that reads "The management
will esteem it a favor If you refrain
from falling down the hatchway." ,
Governor Dockery's Dog Story.
Governor Dockery tells ■ of a man
who was attacked by a fractious dog.
In self-defense he killed it with '■■ a
pitchfork. The owner, /much ag
grieved, remonstrated. *'Why didn't
you come at him with the blunt end
of it?" "Because." replied the -man,
"the dog didn't come at me .with his
blunt end."- 1 — Kansas City Journal;
An Impossible Combination.
"Why has Mr. Flipklns disappeared
from society?"
"Lost his. money,"- answered Misa
Cayette. "It is impossible. to be a lion
in society ■ and "a lamb . In * Wall ■ street
both at once.','— St. Louis Star.
0M THE LAST DAY OF
THE YEAR.
BY BEATRICE NELSON.
£. C I M very BOrry > Dut there's not a
I chair left in the parlor car." The
j Pullman conductor looked really
distressed. Somehow the Gib
sonesque figure of Stella Mayhew
seemed utterly incongruous with a day
coach for a background. It was the
aftermath of the Christmas rush, with
family parties and numerous single
tourists returning from a week's pleas
uring in the big city. That was all the
reason why he hated to see Miss May
hew doomed to the day coach. It would
be crowded to suffocation.
"I'll see what I can do," he said cour
teously as he turned to assist her into
the coach behind the parlor car. "Per
haps some one may fail to turn up and
a reservation may be forfeited."
"Thank you," said 'the girl gracious
ly, and, followed by the porter and her
suit case, she disappeared into the day
coach.
It was as the conductor had feared,
crowded. She passed down the aisle
and had about decided that she would
have to go in a car behind when the
sound of her own name, spoken in a
surprised voice, brought her to a stand
still.
"Jack Moreland," she cried In won
der, and' held out both hands impul
sively, utterly unmindful of the inter
ested passengers and the grinning por
ter. Moreland took both her hands,
then suddenly remembered" and dropped
them without speaking. Flinging his
bag from the seat next the window he
made room for her. She, too, had re
covered from the shock — and the pleas
ure — o f this unexpected meeting,
though her cheeks were flushed a trifle.
"Perhaps you were saving that seat
for some one?"
"No, I think my good angel must
Just have warned me of your coming."
He settled her luggage and dropped
into the seat beside her.
"This is great luck." he remarked,
"and to think that I have been dread
ing this trip!" ,."-;
"You don't deserve meeting me. Here
I have been back a fortnight and you
haven't been near the house." She did
not add even mentally that she had
missed the flowers which had come
from him daily before her trip abroad.
"I have been very busy," he said
gravely, at which she smiled quizzi
cally.
"Planning a barn dance for the
Pennlfield-Browns, or steering some
pretty Western woman through the
shoals of New York society?"
"Neither," he said shortly. "That
is not mv line just now."
"Oh!" she looked out of the win
dow. He had changed and yet he had
seemed very glad to see her. "Did
you make the mistake of failing to
have a seat reserved in the parlor car,
I too?"
) "No, I have taken to riding in day
I coaches lately."
She glanced at him quizzically.
"Don't tell me, Jack, that you're
going in for literature and are study
ing types?"
Then she hadn't heard. Why should
he tell her now, with a thirty-mile
run through Paradise before him?
"Types are interesting, don't you
think so? Rather different, these
people, from the sort you'll see at the
Brandons .to-night. I , suppose you
are going out to spend the week end
with them?"
"Yes, and you. too?"
"No, I'm bound for Poughkeepsie."
He bent over suddenly to pick up a
violet which had fallen from the great
bunch at her belt. "These must seem
mighty poor imitation, after seeing
the real thing in Italy," he said as he
etraightened up.
Stella looked from him to the flying
landscape.
Poughkeepsie! And he was so anx
ious to change the subject. She had
heard rumors of his Interest in Dick
Farrar's young sister. Perhaps she
was in Vassar College. No, not now
— during the holidays.
Jack went on talking quietly about
her trip, asking her questions which
she answered half mechanically. A
little country school teacher, seated
across the aisle, watched them curi
ously. They made her think of a
frontispiece in a novel illustrated by
Christy. ,
Suddenly he glanced at his watch.
"By Jove, how time has flown. We'll
pull into your station In five minutes."
Stella Mayhew watched him gather
up her luggage as one in a dream. For
her the time had dragged— and it was
his fault. He had changed, while she—
"When we come back to town I hope
you'll find— time— to call." She put an
odd little emphasis on the word "time."
'(Thanks awfully, but I'm not going
about much and — "
He saw the look, half-wondering,
half- hurt, which crept Into her eyes,
and he turned to her abruptly. His
face had gone a bit white and his voice
had lost Its even quality.
"I thought you knew. No, I lacked
the courage to tell you," he said calm
ly. "I took a business cropper — and I'm
going to Poughkeepsie to sell derricks
PAPER NOSES
The making of artificial noses has
reached a high state of perfection. Of
course, one would hardly go to the
length of having the nose amputated
sc that this fact might be proved. But
should that member be lost by accident
or disease a very good substitute can
be purchased. The best are
said to be made of wax, and the best
can be. bought for about $185; though
a really good one can be had for $75.
A nose made of papier mache can be
bought for $5- They are enameled, and
have a very lifelike appearance. Waxen
and paper noses are, in case of dis
eases, perf erable to i those made by
the planting of flesh on : the diseased
parts. Several cases have been known
where the transplanting of flesh on the
nose has endangered men's lives.
The anchor gets its grip by a fluke.
CRIMES, NEW AND OLD.
Some of the offenses most severely
punished In old times have ceased to
be grounds. of prosecution; for exam
ple, heresy, witchcraft, religibuo non
conformity. On the other hand, mis
deeds which formerly were disregarded
have been made. punishable. It was not
until 1833 that the . English law began
to treat drunkenness as a crime, rather
than a misfortune. ..In 1857 a' fraud on
the Dart of a trustee • and . in , 1875 the
falsification of. accounts were -declared
to;' be criminal. ' The * laws ' of various
States are recognizing . and .. defining .'ja
vast number of new ' misdemeanors,
such as. the adulteration of foods, gam-
"Mr. Brandon, what does it
mean when you come to a
cropper in business?"
fc-r the Graham people. And I'm riding:
in a day coach because I can't afford
Pullmans."
She was staring at him with wide
eyes.
"Jack — I — I don't jinderstand— oh,
why didn't you tell me this before?"
"Because I was a blooming coward."
The train was slowing up. "And now
you'll see why I'm not playing the so
cial game very strong this season." He
was standing In the aisle, suit case in
hand. "Remember me to the Bran
dons — awfully nice couple."
She nodded her. head, and followed
his straight, square-shouldered figure
from the car. The Brandon footman
was waiting for her.
"Jack." she said suddenly. He had
swung back on the train. She caught
her breath sharply as he lifted his hat
and nodded to her cheerily. Then she
turned toward the depot and the wait
ing carriage.
"And I never even said I was sorry."
That night she cornered her host in
the library.
"Mr. Brandon, what does it mean
when you come to a cropper in busi
ness?"
"That depends on the man, girlie.
Who has been coming croppers?"
"Jack Moreland."
"Moreland. eh?" said Mr. Brandon,
flicking the ashes lightly from the
cigar. "Well, the young cub was a
fool. After his father had been dead
four years — four years, mind you — it
was found that he had — er — hypothe
cated certain funds' belonging to
estates for which he was trustee.
Beautiful piece of work, the old man
did — took four years to unearth it,
and even then the thing could have
been fought out in court and his heirs
would have won on a technicality. But
young Moreland lost his head and
threw his whole share in the estate to
cover what he chose to call his father's
dishonor. Nearly drove his mother
crazy. The old lady has plenty to
live on and has gone to London, where
she will not be forced to realize too
keenly the fact her son is selling— er—
derricks."
•'She was very cruel — and he her
only boy." said Stella musingly.
"And he was a fool.' according to
up-to-date business methods. Better
come into the billiard room. They're
playing pool."
"No, thanks— I— I want to run up to
my room for a few moments."
And when she came back she car
ried a letter which she asked a ser
vant to take to the village for the
early morning mail. It was addressed
to Mr. John C. Moreland, care Gra
ham Contracting Company,
Duane street, New York City, and It
ran: . ' . .
"Dear old Jack — Forgive me, I
didn't understand. I thought you
were not glad to see me back. You
might have known it wouldn't have
made any difference — not a bit. do you
understand? You haven't played fair
with me — but I'm coming back to
town on Monday, and If you come up
Monday .night — very early — perhaps
I'll forg-ive you. Oh, Jack, Jack, why
couldn't you trust me? And it's going
to be a happy, happy New Year for
us both. As always, .STELLA."
Absurdly disconnected, with words
lined once and twice, and riot at all
the note a slrl from a Christy illus
tration would be expected to write,
but she knew he would understand — and
he did.
(Copyright, 1904, by T. C. McClure.)
DENIED BY ALMIGHTY
There is a satirical story, says the
Jewish News, which describes how, at
a certain period, the whole Jewish
race got tired. of the yoke of the law
and resolved to give it back to the
Almighty on Mount Sinai. They be
gan collecting the scrolls of the
law, and every community hastened
to gather together those enormous
volumes and worm-eaten folios, and
at last this great cargo of books
reached Sinai, and then the Jews said
to God: "We give you back your Law."
"My dear friends," replied the Al
mighty, "I never gave you all this; all
I gave you was two tables of stone."
Losing his new hat out of a window
of a Swiss express, an American" pas
senger pulled the alarm cord and the
train was stopped. He recovered the
hat and cheerfully paid a $10 fine.
bling, violation of laws in restraint of
the liquor traffic, selling cigarettes to
children, tapping electric wires, disfig
uring, the landscape with advertisments
or printing them on the American flag,
making combinations In restraint of
trade, sleeping in a public bakery, spit
ting on the floor of a street car. I. do not
say, that all of these offenses are wisely
denned or fairly punished; but I do say
that ; the process of modern legislation
in^regard to such matters i Indicates a
growing^ desire among men; that 1 Justice
shall prevail in the community.— Henry
Van Dyke,* In "Is if the World Growing
Better?"— Everybody's Magazine for
THE SMART SET
BY SALLY SHARP.
Miss Anita Harvey was entertained
at an elaborate dinner given by Mrs.
Henry T. Scott on Thursday evening.
The beautiful home was adorned with
quantities of American Beauties, ferns
and the season's garlands, every room
rich and the table ah exquisite sight
with its burden of the Incomparable
red rose. Among the guests were:
Miss Harvey, Mrs. Eleanor Martin.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Downey Harvey, Mr.
and Mrs. Walter H. Martin, Mr. and
Mrs. Frederick McNear. Mr. and Mrs.
William Taylor, Mr. and Mrs. Augustus
Taylor. Miss Gertrude Josselyn. Mlsa
Marjorie Josselyn, Miss Hazel King.
Miss Genevleve King. Miss Maud
Bourn, Miss Margaret Newhall, Miss
Laura McKlnstry. Clarence McKinstry,
Knox Maddox. Frank King, Gerald
Rathbone, Edward Tobin. Following
the dinner a dance was given, com
pleting one of the most delightful en
tertainments that have been held In
this much-feted debutante's honor.
Edward M. Greenway gave an elab
orate luncheon party yesterday at the
Palace Hotel in honor of Mr. and Mrs.
James McCraken and Mr. and Mr?^
Gay Lombard of Portland, Or. The
table presented an inviting appear
ance. The snowy cloth was almost
hidden by a mass of fragrant violets
and maidenhair fern, surmounted by
a magnificent display of purple
orchids. The favors for, the ladles
were great clusters of violets and
orchids. The menu was epicurean,
several hours being spent in its dis
cussion.
• • «
Miss Edith Pillsbury, who has been
abroad for some time, was given a
dinner in honor of her home-coming
by her father. E. S. Pillsbury. on
Thursday evening. The palm garden
in the Palace Hotel was the scene of
the gathering and the table was fairly
ablaze with the flaming polnsettia.
Those asked to welcome Miss Pills
bury were: Mr. and Mrs. Henry Clar
ence Breedon, ' Mr. and Mrs. Mayo
Ntwhall, Mr. and Mrs. J. R. K. Nut
tall, Mr. and Mrs. Van Ness, Mr. and
Mrs. Horace Pillsbury and Judge
Hunt.
A large bridge party will be given by
Mrs. Blair at her home on Van Ness
avenue next Thursday.
Mr. and Mrs. John Franklin Babcock
(Gertrude Eells) are taking charge of a
merry young party te-day in Ross Val
ley. Miss Dorothy Eells will be hos-
MIRROR OF DAME FASHION
Showing a fancy bodice in zvhite taffeta silk, zvith fancy yoke
and cuffs of lace and tucking. Broad bands of Russian em
broidery in rich glints add style and attractiveness. The
simple girdle is of wJute taffeta.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
THE WALLA WALLA— J. C. H..
Napa, Cal. The steamer Walla Walla
was run into and sunk by the French
bark Max at 4:10 a. m. on- the morning
of January 2, 1902.
REPUBLICAN PAPERS— G., City.
The Republican papers of Seattle.
Wash., are: Tha Post-Intelligencer,
the Republican and the Argus
(weekly).
COFFEE — S., City. The total Im
portations of coffee into the United
States for the year ending July 20.
1904, was 7.430.393 / bags. or a total
of 1,010,583.448 pounds, an average
of a little over twelve pounds for
every man, woman and child In the
country.
TRUST , DEED— Subscriber. Oak
land, Cal. A trust deed. In the nature
of a mortgage, is in common use in
many States. Their general effect is
the same as mortgages, and like mort
gages, trust deeds ara mere security
for the payment of money on the per
formance of certain undertakings by
the grantor.
HOMESTEAD— -M. S., Gilroy, Cal.
In the State of California the law Is
that "If the homestead; selected by the
husband arid wife or either of them
during their * couverture and recorded
while both were" living was selected
teas in this beautiful country homa c?
her parents and the gathering will re
main over Monday.
Mlsa Carolyn Quinan. who was visit
ing in San Francisco all last summer
and through the fall, was one of thf
most generously entertained maids of
any who have enjoyed our city's hos
pitality. Her departure In October for
her home in South Africa was tho
cause of much sincere regret, for Miss
Quinan had endeared herself to all
whom she met. She now sends back
the tidings of her engagement to Wal
ter Mcrtt Shaw of Boston. Miss Quinan
will travel all the coming year through
Europe with Miss Hester Pringle and
Miss Edith McDonald of Santa Rosa.
At the year's end her wedding with Mr.
Shaw will take place In South Africa.
Mr. and Mrs. John C. Wilson, who
«r» automoblling through Italy, are
now in Naples.
The coming benefit for the Naval
Clubhouse at Vallejo will not be a
failure for want of practice, for th*
talented cast is rehearsing dally and
earnestly. Mrs. Mark Gerstle's home is
the scene of the drilling, and the indi
cations are for artistic and financial
success— social, too. for theater parties
are already in process of construction.
Mrs. Frederick Kohl has arranged the
first for the benefit.
Quite a contingent at Mare Island
will offer hospitality to-morrow. New
Year's day. complying with an old cus
tom, dear but almost passed into mis
use. Its revival by a few lends a charm
to the day that otherwise seems Incom
plete. Mrs. McCalla. Mrs. Glennon.
Mrs. Tilley and Mrs. McEntee will hav*
their doors open all day and evening..
Miss Mary Dame Kittredge has an
nounced her engagement to Dr. Charles
Adams Peters. He is traveling in Rus
sia, but occupies the (position of di
rector of the chemistry, department of
the University of Idaho.
Mme. Emilia Tojettl Is preparing to
take her departure for Europe, where
she will spend part of the time Inves
tigating the subject of music, of which
she has always been an enthusiastic
student.
A dozen friends of Mrs. Ida Lewis
will be entertained to-night at tha Pal
ace to welcome the Incoming of tno
from the community property, it rests
absolutely on the death of the husband
or wife In the survivor."
IMMIGRATION— E. Crow's Landing.
Cal. The following ara the figures
showing the number of Immigrants
reaching the United States for the
twelva months preceding June 30 of
each year given: 1S95, 253,536; 1S»6.
343.267; 1S97, 250.S32; 1S93. 227.299; 18D9.
£11.715; 1900, 443.572; 1001. 4S7.91S; 1902.
64S.743; 1903, 857.046: 1904. 812.S70. The
greatest number of Immigrants In ex-,
cess of 10.000 during the years giver:
came from Austro-Hungary, the Ger
man Empire, Italy, Russia, Sweden,
England, Ireland. Japan and the West
Indies. For the ten months ending Oc
tober there came to the United States
from Europe In 1903, 7SS.153. and In 1904.
632,069; from Asia in 1903. 21.546. and In
1904, 21,124. The grand total of Immi
grants during that period waj In 1303,
826,506, and In 1904. 675.0S7.
Time to send To-wrasend*s Cal. rfaca
fruits for New Tear's presents. 715 Mkt*
Townsend's California Glace fruits in
artistic fire-etched boxes. 71S Market st.
and Wakelee's Drug Store. •
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). SO Call
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. *MINERAL OUTPUT INCREASES
$2,000,000 PER ANNUM.
Governor OffiGiallij Gets Figures
States Mining Development
Is oteaatly Advancing.
While there have been no phenomenal
strikes of gold in California recently,
every observer must see in the plans for
iievelbpinent, especially in the gold
oredging industry, that confidence is
fctrong among those who have the best
opportunities for judging the mineral
wealth of this State. A significant
statement is found in tha official re
l>ort tha.t the trustees of the State Min
ing Bureau have Just submitted for the
c Lfnsideration of the Governor and Leg
islature of California. This is, in sub
ttanee. that eince 1E33 the increase in
t ho vaiue of the mineral products of
California has been about $2,000,000 a
year. Th© total mineral output of
California in the past seventeen years,
including li*03 and not including 1904—
icncerning which last there are no
■statistics available at this time — has
been J41S.S51.S63. of which $247,371,953
has been in gold. There are fifty-one
mineral substances that are no-w pro
duced in Calif ornia.
In part the Mining Bureau trustees
say. in a summary, that "this brief
statement shows how prosperous is the
present condition of the mining indus
try of California, which, instead of be
ing in decadence, has a steady and
large increase in value of output and
this increase, which has extended over
a period of years, still continues."
Sc/rne mention of recent works to de
velop the mining values In California
are mentioned herewith,
TR1NITV COUNTY SCHEME.
Work has been started on the large
mining project in Trinity County, of
which mention has already been made
in The Call, to turn the Trinity River
from its course and to lay bare a mile
and a half of the riverbed. This will
be accomplished by means of a tunnel
tu pierce a mountain. A big bend in
the river will be cut off. Drillers will
be used to prospect the riverbed, which
is eupposed to be rich in placer gold.
Along the old canal where the tail
ings of the Cherokee mine were
dumped, near Pentz, in Butte County,
a search will be made for a gravel
body, which is reported to be rich. Bed
rock is reported to be about fifty feet
below the surface and the gravel may
be 'twenty feet deep. Some prospecting
has recently been accomplished with
drills.. This method has been discarded
i'»r the present and a shaft wili be
sunk.
A new process is being used, experi
mentally, to save the fine gold from the
Grizzly Hill mine in Amador County.
According to the Jackson Ledger gravel
is plentiful, but the farther into the
hill tt»e tunnel is pushed the lighter
and finer the gold becomes. " ----■■
The Folsom Telegraph reports the
• obstruction of a gold dredger, to be
•■ptrated on the Ingleslde fruit, farm,
near Fair Oaks bridge. There are 500
a i-res in the farm and adjoining prop
erty that have recently been prospected
with results that are satisfactory. The
land is under bond to the El Dorado
Gold Dredging Company.
The bond on the Omega Table Moun
tain gravel mine has been transferred,
so reports the Sonora Union-Democrat,
.to the American Industries Company.
The price quoted is $50,000.
Of operations in the mines of Amador
County the Arnador Record says in
The addiUtocal forty stamps of the Kfn
h"dy mill axe now running full blast, mainly
100 in all.
The onoadaga min«, belonging to R. W.
Ketchum. near Jackson, haa been bonded by
s-mie gtockton people, who expect to begin
work ©a It soon. B. C. Oocdlt of the Eiough
'."■?*" ba« deaJt with Mr. Ketchum and made
the first payment on the bond. It is the pur
. -« of the associates cf Mr. Conilt to begin
development work on the mine bjr January 1,
R necessary arrangement* can be made prior
to that lime. The -Onondaga mln« Is about
'■>ur miles from Plymouth.
It is expected that the forty-stamp taill of
tha Argonaut mine will be running within two
"eeka, after being rhut down for several
years. When the litigation between that com
laey and the Kennedy ended underground
work was resumed and development carried
on eo that there will new be more advantages
[or keeping the mill supplied than heretofore.
About 2000 tecs of ore are already stored la
readine** for crushing.
'-'■ zi at the Burlington mine haa been tem
.T""rarl!y discontinued. The shaft Is now down
183 feet.
The Grass Valley Tidings says that
dredging •will soon be started along the
Trinity River, above Junction City, on
& group of mines, including the Sheri
dan, the Given, the Post place and the
Fturdlvant ranch, If the results ef
prospecting are encouraging.
PA VIEW OF BULLFROG.
The Inyo Independent writes up
Bullfrog, Nev.. and makes the follow
ing assertions:
Bullfrog, one of Nevada's newest and most
promising r.irlr.t districts. Is situated about
(■•ven csiles east of the California and Nevada
line at a point about eighty miles due east of
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Special Prices oa Holiday Leather
Goods Cot to One-Half of
Original Figures.
FEGGT BAGS — Of good quality
leather, regular price of which was
J : .00. now offered at COc
cojTJKLnrs BE&r-x'x&XiXsro pew
is the perfect fountain pen and la a
marvel of convenience and " utility.
A }™ yB . .^^ . - P f!*3.6otV *5.OO
J805 Calendars and Diaries, In ex-
cellent styles, at popular prices.
Out-of-town orders promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS,
F. TT. PITTS, The Stationer.
IOCS K&BSST ST- Opp. Plfth. S. r.
Mount Whitnty and about sixty-five miles
Miuth of GolJflcld. New, on the western slope
of the Grapevine Mountain range, down to and
oxrosis the headwaters of the Araaifnsa, at
the i.oint known to old-timers as Oasis. It
H»s about fifteen miles north of Chloride Cliff,
at an elevation of about 4O0O feet In the low
porphyriiic foothille. 'The country Is well wa
tered to the west by numerous email eprlnjs.
and the well-timbered summit of Grapevin«
ran^e makes the future iuel question or the
new caniD a simple one. In the bed of ths
Aminofa only a few tsiles away to the east
large springs furnishing water at the present
time to irrigate a number of small ranches
make the water problem for reduction work*
an easy one to solve. One spring In particu
lar, near the Davis ranch, is a hot one— Just
hot enough for a hot bath.
The flr« discovery of gold was made last
August by Frank Harris and Ev L. Cross, and
was christened the Bullfrog mine, and later,
wjien other parties came in to prospect, a dis
trict was organized and called the Bullfrog
i.!s.triet. Since then numerous other dlscover
i ,.'..* b ' en m * de - until now it is generally
i»elieved by competent mining men that have,
examined the mineral resources of the district
thai there are at least ten or twelve cropping*
t-at are sure to make- as many mines, and
uorens of good looking prospects that are Very
promising.
The ledges here ar* very large and some of
them are paying milling ore for a distance of
ten to fifty feet wide, with occasional streaks
and bunches in them that will run Into the
thouBands. The quartz is a porphyrttic quartz.
stained brown or black with manganese. Very
little Iron is on* ot the peculiarities of the
ore. While the gold Is not all free, from ap
pearances and some tests that have been made
It can be treated very satisfactorily with a
fre« milling and cyanlding plant.
Altogether mining men of experience agree
that Bullfror haa some of the best surface
fhowir.is that Nevada has ever had for big
and rich mines, but under the conditions h
ietlnz tt will be several months before actual
development work will commence.
In the investigation that Is promised
by the Government concerning the
cornering of the petroleum producing
industry of California by the simple
device of making- the market price of
oil at the wells low, the petroleum*
miners of the State will be largely in
terested. San Francisco is the larg
est market for the crude petroleum of
any single California city. The de
mands of the railway companies for
fuel oil are very large, but both the
Southern Pacific Company and the
Santa Fe have their own sources of
supply. The Southern Pacific is the
owner of stock In the Associated Oil
Company. The Santa. Fe has lands
that It acquired at an advanced price
paid to its own employes a few years
ago. There are several parties that
profit by keeping down the ' price of
crude California petroleum at the
wells, but these are not the petroleum
miners. The Standard Oil Company
buys oil. The railways seek to get In
hand all the oil lands that they can
at bedrock prices and so insure cheap
fuel for their own use for a long
series of years.
The railway rates for moving petro
leum from the Kern River and other
California producing points to this city
are so much greater than the cost of
piping for the Standard Oil Company
io tidewater -that it is -vary— difficult,
if not impossible, for . any ordinary
combination of producers to compete
for contracts continuously with the
Standard Oil corporation. The situa
tion is artificial all along the. -line in
that there is'a standard product to
market, entirely in the State of Cali
fornia, finding its largest demand in
California, but all the conditions are
so contrived against the owner of oil
wells that he has not anything like a
chance to make money that owners of
any other sort of California mineral
deposits enjoy. Great interest will
attach to the investigation of the
"methods adopted by large corpora
tions in this State.
EXPANSION' OF GOL.DFIEL.D.
J. E. Spurr of the United States
Geological Survey has visitled Gold
field, New, and has submitted a re
port, of "which the following Is the
most interesting paragraph:
TtB area, of known ore bodies has spread
since laat year so far beyond Columbia Moun
tain that values are now found over an area
about six milei square. The most productive
area measures two to two and a half miles in
either direction. The chief mines at the pres
ent time are the Jumbo, the Combination, the
January and the Florence, all grouped together
about a mile south of the southeast end of
Columbia Mountal-i. Some five miles south
east of Columbia Mountain Is the Diamond
fields group, including the Vernal, the Quartz
lte and Black Butte, from which shipments
have also been made. Other ore deposits have
beta developed In various parts of the field.
The Empire and Pacific mines near
Plymouth will be reopened.
The construction of a plant to con
vey electric power from Bishop Creek
to Goldfleld, Nev., has begun.
The Roberts placer claim, near
Montezuma, Tuolumne County, and
the Omega and Joe Hooker mines
near Rawhide, have been bonded, the
first named to H. G. Comstock & Co.
of San Francisco and the last to Chi
cago parties.
The Mountain mine In Sierra Coun
ty, which has been crippled by fire, was
Just ready to resume after years of
idleness. The mill will not be able
to resume work until next summer. .
The Central Consolidated mine In
Nevada County has been equipped
with a twenty-stamp mill from th«
Coe mine.
Wife Claims Husband Is Cruel.
A woman, accompanied by two lit
tle children, came to the Central
Emergency Hospital yesterday during
the heavy downpour of rain to have a
scalp wound dressed, which she claim
ed was Inflicted by her husband, P. L.
Hanratty. The pitiful condition of the
little ones, who were wet to their
skins, appealed to Dr. O. A- Glover,
the surgeon on duty, and. he rang up
Secretary M. J. White of the Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Chil
dren and had him take charge of the
little tots. In the meantime the wife
will Invoke the aid cf the criminal
courts to punish the husband.
A Successful Stan's Lecture.
Thomas B. Walker of Minneapolis,
who la spending the winter at the St.
Francis, will address a mass meeting
of men at the Young Men's Christian
Association building, Mason and El
lis streets, to-morrow afternoon at 3
o'clock. Walker began life as a poor
boy. but by early investments in pine
lands he haa come to be. the largest
Individual owner of timber tracts In
both California and Minnesota. -He is
the author of the book called "The
Son of Man." The theme of his lec
ture will be "The.; Principles' and
Methods of Successful Business Men."
THE. SAN FRANCISCO CALL', SATURDAY, DECEMBER 31; 1904.
WIFE ACCUSES
VAUDEVILLIAN
Nine Weeks of Married Life
With an Actor Is Enough
to Disillusion This Bride
HAVE STRENUOUS TIMES
Martha Braham Alleges That
Her Husband Threatened
to Carve Her With a Razor
Martha Braham says anguish was
her portion during her honeymoon, and
instead of kisses there were threats to
kill from her husband, Louis Braham,
who is a member of the Great Western
Vaudeville Troupe, now touring the
State. Her complaint for divorce, filed
j'esterday, is a veritable diary of a
deluded woman. She married the actor
on September 1; on September 11 he
threatened to take his own life, and on
the 13th he told his friends that her
conduct would drive him to suicide.
On the 15th he packed his things and
went to the Golden Gate House, on
Eddy street, and told her ■ she would
have to live with him there, which she
declined to do, believing, the place to
be of Questionable character. On the
27th he varied the programme, she
says, by threatening to kill her and
rushed at her with a drawn razor, and
said he would make her beg on the
street and die in the gutter. Three
times after that he packed up and
threatened to leave, but did not, so on
November 7 she deserted him. Since
then, she says, he followed her on the
street and threatened her life and she
had to call the police for assistance.
Mrs. Braham declares that she is ab
solutely penniless, while her husband
is earning $60 a week. The vaudeville
show is owned by Miles Brothers of 116
Turk street, and she asks that they be
enjoined from paying his salary.
Christ Runge, the Tonopah mining
man who Bued his young wife, Nettie,
for divorce on the ground of cruelty,
has withdrawn his complaint and she
has withdrawn her cross-complaint in
which she made counter accusations of
mistreatment. Incidentally, the in
junction tying up his property and
funds has been dissolved.
A bench warrant was issued yester
day by Judge Kerrigan for Dr. Ed
ward L. Grossman, who was in arrears
in the payment of $20 a month alimony
to his wife, Laura M. Grossman. When
he was brought into court Grossman
made an explanation and the contempt
proceedings were dismissed with in
structions for him to keep up the pay
ments.
Suits for divorce were filed by J.
Winifred Butler against Clyde H. But
ler, to whom ahe was married in Sep
tember, 1903, and who deserted her on
Christmas day of the same year;
Louis Scheile against Ella Scheile,
cruelty; Theresa A. Herger against
Ernest Herger, cruelty.
UNIDENTIFIED MAN IS
SUFFOCATED WITH GAS
Evidently From Chicago, as Ills Cloth-
Ing Bears Brands of a Firm of
That City.
An unidentified man rooming at 793
Mission street 'was suffocated in his
bed last Thursday night by inhaling
illuminating gas. The man had been
occupying the room for one week, for
which he had paid in advance. He
had been under the Influence of liquor
during the whole of that period and
it is not known when he turned on the
gas carelessly or with suicidal intent.
His clothing bore the stamp of Yons
dorfs, Van Buren and Halstead
streets, Chicago. He was about five
feet nine inches tall, light hair and
mustache and blue eyes, weighed
about 175 pounds and was 35 or 40
years old.
NEW LIMITED SERVICE.
Over Southern Pacific's Sunset Route.
The Southern Pacific' s winter service over
the great Sunset Route will be formally Inau
gurated to-day. December 30, when the Golden
Etate Limited will start on the first trip of Its
third season, running between Los Angeles and
Chicago via El Paso and Kansas City over
the lines of the Rock Island system. The
equipment of this famous train will be even
better and finer than before, and will Include
eltctrlo lights, steam heat and every other
modern convenience. It will carry drawing
room sleepers between San Francisco and St.
Louis and between Santa Barbara and Chi
cago, and will be made up of dining, observa
tion, library and modern eixteen-sectlon tour
ist cars besides the sleepers.
A second train, carrying Pullman standard
and tourist cleeperB and dining car, and mak
ing the run to Chicago in lets than three days,
will leave Los Angeles dally at 1:45 p. m. over
the same route.
The Sunset Express, running between San
Francisco, Los Angeles and New Orleans, will
continue to give lte fine service dally upon
former schedule. This popular train will be
provided, however, with greatly Improved
equipment, including composite observation
car containing gentlemen's smoking-room and
a large parlor for ladles, an observation ro
tunda being at rear of train. These new ob
servation cars are a distinct advance in travel
comfort, and it is expected that they will prove
the most attractive feature of passenger travel
adopted In recent years. •
To Advertise Raisin Industry.
The Pacific Coast Advertising Men's
Association Is to meet in Fresno Jan
uary 9. The purpose of the meeting
is to discuss plans for properly ad
vertising raisins throughout the East
ern States. The raisin growers are to
attend the session and listen to the
addresses and papers on this subject,
which is not only of interest to Fres
no, but of Importance to the State at
large.
If you dealrs a food appetite and wish
to enjoy every meal you eat. take Lash's
Kidney and Liver Bitters. •
Tries Carbolic Acid.
Trixle Cannon, a woman who casts
shadows under redllght lamps on the
Barbary Coast, swallowed a small
dose of carbolic acid at 4 o'clock yes
terday morning. The poison was not
effective. She was treated at the
Emergency Hospital.
A dream of pleasure, the new two for
Quarter size American. $2 75 box 2S. *
WILLIE: WISE AND TOMMY
TUFF :
Thought They'd' Get Simple
Sammy and' His* Pup Into
Trouble, but Did Thtey?
f ; IN- NEXT' SUNDAY'S .
COMIC SECTION.
SEEKS IN VAIN
FOR FREEDOM
Application for Writ for
Release of Chan Cheung
on Bonds Is Not Granted
PRISONER IS REMANDED
Attempt Made to Show That
Indictment for Murder Was
Only a Subterfuge Fails
The application for a writ of habeas
corpus for . the release of Chan
Cheung, Indicted by the.Grand Jury for
the murder of Tom Yick of the Chinese
Educational Society, was argued before
Judge Lawlor yesterday. The question
at issue was the release of the defend
ant on bonds. The Judge denied the
writ and remanded the prisoner into
the custody of the Sheriff.
When tha was called Attorney
Bell said he proposed to show that the
evidence before the Grand Jury was not
sufficient to find an indictment and
that the petitioner was not indicted
because he was guilty at murder, but
because he had refused to testify on
certain points under investigation by a
committee of the. Grand Jury. If be
could show that the presumption of
guilt against the petitioner was not
great he was entitled to ball.
Chan Cheung was sworn and testified
that he had been taken from his home
on Monday night. He had never ap
peared before the Grand Jury nor had
he" given any testimony before that
body.
T. B. Andrews, foreman of the Grand
Jury, testified that some witnesses had
testified before the Grand Jury through
an Interpreter and some without an
Interpreter. He could not recollect the
name of the interpreter. Chan Cheung
had not been called. The testimony
had Dot been taken in shorthand. A
question as to whether the witness had
told a reporter that the Indictment had
not been found against Chan Cheung
for the murder of Tom Yick, but for
other reasons, was objected to and the
objection sustained.
Bell then submitted the indictment
found in May, 1903, against the presi
dents of the Chinese tongs accused of
conspiring to murder Tom Yick, and
Chan Cheung's name was not among
them. He also filed the evidence taken
at the trial of Nguen Lain, one of the
conspirators, showing that Chan
Cheung'B name had not been mentioned
by the witnesses.
District Attorney Bylngton Bald he
would take the position that the peti
tioner was not entitled to bail. The
filing of the indictment created, he said,
a presumption of guilt.
The Judge agreed with the District
Attorney and said that the evidence at
the Nguen Lun trial clearly showed that
Tom Yick was assassinated. Bell said
that all of the conspirators with the
exception of Nguen Lun were out on
$16,000 bonds an*; he failed to see, why
an exception should be made in regard
to Chan Cheung. The Judge replied
that tHey had been admitted to bail by
consent of the District Attorney. He
would discharge the writ and remand
the prisoner. : : ' ;:'
Bell says that if he should fail to get
the consent of the District Attorney to
Chan Cheung being released on bonds
he will make another application for a
writ before another Judge.
CRAP GAME RBSUI/TS
IN CUTTING SCRAPE
Henry Chrittenden Stabbed Four Times
by Edward Parker In Room on
East Streets
Five negroes indulged in a game of
craps as they came over on the boat
from Sausalito last evening. Every
thing went well until there was a dis
pute about the winnings and after the
boat landed the party repaired to the
rcom of Henry Chrittenden, who was
in the game, to settle the argument.
The room Is at 11 East street and as
scon as the door was locked shaking
dice was resumed and the result was
a dispute. Chrittenden withdrew from
the game and started to disrobe, say
ing he was going to bed. It was then
that Edward Parker, another member
of the quintet, insisted that the man
continue shaking. , Chrittenden re
fused and after a few words Parker
drew a knife, with which he attacked
the owner of the room. Parker struck
Chrittenden four times in the back,
Inflicting painful but not dangerous
wounds.
When the trouble had ceased and
Parker had been overpowered by the
other members of the party, Chritten
den went to the Harbor police station
and Detectives McGowan and Conlan
were placed on the case. McGowan
and Conlan searched the room and
after a brief Investigation learned that
Parker had gone to Oakland. They
took the next boat and arrested him in
a house at 2262 Magnolia street They
brought him back to this city and
charged him with assault to commit
murder. Chrittenden was treated at
the Harbor Hospital.
Stablemen's Case Appealed.
A notice of appeal from the default
judgment entered In Judge Hebbard's
court in the suit for injunction against
boycotting, brought by Goldberg,
Bo wen & Co. against the Stablemen's
Union, was filed yesterday by Attor
ney, Henry B. Lister, representing the
San Francisco Labor Council. An ap
peal is also taken ; from Judge Heb
bard's order overruling the stable
men's demurrer to the complaint and
denying their motion to dissolve the
temporary restraining order. In its
pleadings the union contended that it
had a right to commit the acts com
plained of under the law governing
Injuries without damage, j and If any
action could lie against, it, it should
be in a criminal rather than an equity
court. jj|£IH9jljJiSPB
Verein Arion Reception. ;
The Verein Arion, one 'of the prom
inent German associations of this city,
will ' hold*. its" annual -~ reception . be
tween the ; hours of 2 and 6 o'clock on
the . afternoon < of January 1 in its hall
at s 421: Poet street
- JUDGMENT AGAINST" TORKD.— Justice of
the Peace 'Daniels : yesterday gave 'Judgment'
for $2fiO in favor of H." W.« Pettendrigh. who
sued F. M.-Torketo recover,, tbe amount, with
Interest on a promissory note. ', • . ,. ■'-,
HOODLUM ACTS
TO BE STOPPED
Chief Wittman Issues His
Orders for the Conduct
of Crowds New Year's Eve
ARRESTS TO BE MADE
Striking People With Tree
Boughs and Daubing Faces
With Paint Reprobated
Confetti throwers and young men
generally who blow horns and do oth
er "stunts" on the coming in of the
New Year should take warning from
Chief Wittman's orders to his com
mand. If the weather continues wat
ery there will be no reason for any at
tention being paid to the Chief's or
ders, but if a change should come
young men would better beware. The
Chief's orders are as follows:
With the expiration of the year 1004 and the
advent of the year 1909 It is expected that a
vast number of our good citizens will continue
the practice, which of late years has become
the custom in San Francisco, of promenading
Kearny, Market and other intersecting streets
on New-year's eve, seeing the old year out
and the new year in.
For the past three years the Police Depart
ment has handled these vast crowds, which
congregaU as above stated. In a very efficient
and satisfactory manner, but it has been our
experience that previous to three years ago
rowdies took advantage of the occasion to
lnsujt ladles and annoy the promenaders with
acts of hoodlumlsm and I wish the strongest
measures taken by the Police Department to
the end that this does not occur this year and
that the eood record made by the department
in the past two years in this regard may be
continued. The following extra details are
therefore hereby ordered and I wish you to
give strict orders to the officers so detailed to
be prompt and active In seeing to it that the
people are protected in their desire to enjoy
the evening peacefully.
Two officers wlU be detailed from Company
B to each block on the north side of Market
street from Kearay to Taylor and thsee offi
cers to each block on the south side of Market
street from Third to Sixth streets.
Sergeant. Coogan and five patrolmen from
Company A. to be relieved by Sergeant
Brophy and five patrolmen from the same
company, to be detailed at Powell and Market
streets.
Sergeant Mullender and five patrolmen from
Company E, to be relieved by Sergeant Grif
fin and five patrolmen from the same com
pany, to be detailed at Grant avenue and
Market street.
Corporal Ferguson and . five patrolmen from
Company F, to be relieved by Corporal McGee
and five patrolmen from the same company,
to bo detailed at Stockton and Market
streets.
Sergeant Blank and five patrolmen from
Company D. to be detailed at Kearny and
Market streets, and to be relieved by Corporal
Shanahan and five patrolmen from the same
company.
Captain Bplllane will take personal charge
and exercise personal supervision over all tbe
details on Market street.
Captain Duke will take personal charge and
excrcis« personal supervision over all the de
tails north of Market street. The latter will
.deploy men from the details at Kearny and
Market streets along the line of Kearny
street as may bo needed and from the detail
at Grant avenue and Market street along
Grant avenu* as may be necessary, and wlU
detail two officers in the block on Mason
street between Eddy and Kills, to '■ be relieved
by two others at 11 o'clock p. m.
All these details to be in effect at 7 :30 p. m.
of the 81st inst.. and continue until 1:80 a. m.
of January 1, 1905, when the officers as above
detailed will go to their regular beats.
Do not allow crowds to gather at any par
ticular point, but keep the people moving.
Complaints have been made In the past that
people have been struck by boughs of trees in
the hands of rowdies. Instruct the officers
detailed to take all such material away from
any one carrying the same on the street. Com
plaints have also been made of young men
carrying pots of > paint or like material with
which they - daub the faces ■ of passers by.
HAVE THIS STOPPED and take the material
away from them. ARREST AX.L. PERSONS
who do not behave themselves when warned
to do so and see that all peaceful persons have
the opportunity to enjoy themselves in a law
ful manner.
Have the officers on duty during the day of
the 81st inst. request all persons who have
evergreen decorations in front of their prem
ises to remove the same before nightfall, as by
this means you will remove some of the am
munition of the boodlum.
Captain Gleeaon will order the patrol wagon
from the O'Farrell Street Station to report at
the Central Station at 8 o'clock p. m. and re
main en duty there until 2 o'clock a. m., Jan
uary 1, 1905. '
HORSE DENTIST IS SUED. — Christian Jor
gensen. who ' contracted to learn the art of
pulling horses' teeth and clipping equine hair
under the tutelage of Ira Barker Dalzlel, yes
terday sued to have the contract rescinded and
to recover $50 in cash and $400 in notes given
to the teacher. The agreement was made on
August 1 and for a few weeks Jorgensen was
employed at $15 a* week, but on October 1, he
says, Dalzlel sold his clipping machine and
since then has made a common hostler out of
his pupil. The plaintiff says be has learned
nothing of veterinary dentistry or clipping.
PLEADS GUILTY TO GRAND LARCENY.
Clark Edward Jayne pleaded guilty in Judge
Dunne's court yesterday to a charge of grand
larceny. He will be sentenced on January 6.
He stole $5 -from John Cunningham of 62 East
street on August 13.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
StXouisFair
Grand Prize
AWARDED TO
Walter Baker fcGo.'s
Chocolate
eves-Cocoa
U W$k Award
H Wk made
H, lli in this
flal Wm Country
LOOK FOR THIS
TRADJC-MARX
m* HIGHEST AWARDS IN
*rO EUROPE and AMERICA
A nmvr Illustrated recipe book
sent tx—
■ ' \
WalterBaker&Co.Ltd.
EitabUihid 1780 DOBCHZSTXE, MASS.
CARTERS! CCRE SICK B ? ADACHE "
BBittle /Genuine Must Bear
I IVER Fac-Simila Signature
/\L>\ rL,l» 1 l>tiJ>i Jr^A 1 i>.
n&i Fried Oysters. Kl
j^x^mTlr\ Materials: — One egg slightly J*t|L \
\&jli "d /« \ beaten, one tablespoonful of oyster ±4fM ?'
vu1S^-\"~ Ajr \ liquor, twenty-five oysters, fine jUSiS t
//np^ 7 --/j^M^J stale bread crumbs. I
Lea & Perrins'
Sauce
THE ORIGINAL WORCESTERSHIRE
Seasoning I- —^ an ' 8 heart is reached through >his stomach. The
woman who wishes to surprise and please her nnsband
* will add to the dipping mixture one teaspoonfiil of
Lea C& Perrins' Sauce.
JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS, Agents, NEW YORK.
_^ AMUSEMENTS. v
OPEBAflflUHOySE
The Holiday AttracUon
Will Be th« Tivoll's
Famous Ocera Success
K I IN G
DODO
Special Christmas Holiday Matinees
Saturday at 3; Hew Teaz's, Jan. 1 and 3.
Grand Transformation Scene: "A CHILD'S
DREAM OF CHRISTMAS." a beautiful Holi-
day Story, told In four enchanting Tableaux
with SANTA CLAUS AND A CHRISTMAS
TREE.
GRAND OPERA
SALE OF RESERVED SEATS
OPENS WEDNESDAY. JANUARY 4.
PRICES— <2. $1 BO. 11. BOc.
SPECIAL MATI1TEE MOXTDAT (Jan. 2)
ORPHEUM ROAD SHOW
Mclntyre and Heath; Spessardy's Bears
aad Ponies; Grace Falotta and tbe
Tour Millinery Maids; The Latonas;
Clarice Vance; Sxnirl and Xenner;
Probst tae Great, and Orpheum Motion
Pictures, Snowing "The Suburbanite."
X.ast Times of AXBEBTX2TA UELICH.
Regular. Matinees every Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday. ;
Prices — 10c, 25c and SOc
/ CALIFORNIA %
g BRING THE CHILDREN TO |
I TO-DAY'S MATINEE. |
. James A. Herne's Greatest of All I
American Pastoral Comedies. H
.SHORE AGRESs
if ZiAST TTMT3 TO-NIQHT. ||
M T0-M0BB0W HZOKT U
I "YON YONSON." !|
H HOLIDAY MATXXnSE MO2TDAY. «
AT fl i 7 A D Belasco & Mayer.
ALtAZAK
I a." ~ r ', General Manager.
AN EXOBMOUS SUCCESS!
TO-NIGHT — Mats. To-Day and Sunday.
NEXT WEEK ALSO.
OWIKO TO OBEAT DEMAND
WITH HOLIDAY MAT. MOSSAY.
Only San Francisco Production of Richard
Mansfleld's Version of the Delightful Play.
OLD HEIDELBERG
The Quaint German Student Songs by a Triplt
Male Quartet.
NO ADVANCE IN PRICES.
Monday. Jan. 9 — LOST RIVER.
CENTRAL 6 !?
Market street, near Eighth. Phone South 633.
A TRIUMPH OF STAGECRAFT.
MATINEE TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
LAST TWO NIGHTS.
The Greatest Sensation Ever Seen on a Stags.
THE HEART OF CHICAGO
A melodrama full of heart-stirring emotions
and thrills.
I The full-sized locomotive. Th« drawbridge.
The burning of Chicago. The murder on tha
roof garden.
PRICES — Ere.. 10c to 50c; Mats.. 10c, 15c, 23a.
NEXT— CHILD SLAVES OF NEW YORK.
MATINEE JANUARY 2.
H. W. BISHOP. Le3se« and Manager.
ALL THIS "WEEK.
25c and BOc — Matinee To-day — 25c and BOc.
Hoyt's Famccs Flarce Comedy,
A CONTENTED WOMAN
In Which Oliver Morosco Offers
HOWARD GOULD AND J. H. GtLMOUR
And the Majestic Players, with OZA WAL-
DROP In the cast.
STARTING MATTZTES MONDAY. Jan. 3.
HELD BY THE ENEMY
fiaci! jfe, Racing!
b J&T Jockey .
California F^ Club
0AX&AXD TBACK.
Racing every wee* day, rain or shine.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
NEW TEAS HANDICAP. S200O ADDED.
TO BE BUN MONDAY, JAN. 2.
For special trains stopping at the track take
8. P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12:00.
12:30. 1:00, 1:30 or 2 :00. Returning trains
leave the track at 4:10 and 4:43 p. m. and im-
mediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President..
PERCY W. TREAT. Secretary.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DA MIAN A BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican Remedy; gives health and
strength to 'sexual organs. Depot, 323 Market.
WEEKLY CALL, $1.00 PER YEAB.
AMI7SEMEXT9.
IYRIP UAH direction-
Li niu llALL WILL GRKEXBAUH
Burton Holmes
\ TRAVELOGUES
MAOdi xjrxCi! JH T* COLOBHO VIEWS f~> «
OBIOINAL MOTIOST PXCTT7AES
TWO COURSES EXACTLY ALIKE.
I Course A. Courss B.
IN LONDON . . . [Tu«s. , Jan. 10 Wed.. Jan. It
ROUND ABOUTI »
LONDON Thurs.. Jan. 12 Prt. Jan. \\
IRELAND (Sat.. Jan. 14(Mon.. Jan. 18
RUSSIA |Tues.. Jan. 17|Wed.. Jan. 1$
JAPAN jThun., Jan. 19;FTt.. Jan. 20
SALE OP COURSE TICKETS, *4, J3 and 12.
Tuesday. Jan. 3. «t Sherman, Clay & Ox's,
corner Setter and Kearny streets.
MAIL ORDERS, accompanied by check, ad-
dressed to The Burton Holmea Lectures, car*
of Sherman, Clay A Co.. win recelv* attention
In order of recelDt.
GRAND S3
MATISSE TO-SAT.
EOLZDAT MAT. NEXT MOITDAY
3 WEEKS ONLY 3
l^rV DAVID BELASCO Presents
BLANCHE BATES
In tha Drama of Old Jasan,
THE DARLING OFTHE GODS
By David Belasco and John Luther Lons.
Curtain Rises at 8 O'CIock Sharp
Seats for Second Week Now on Sale
f* (F\ I IIRASIA SA5 F2A3CSCC-5
MATXNEE TO-SAT.
To-nlrht. Sunday Night and ALL. NEXT
WEEK.
SPECIAL HOLIDAY MATI3TEE MON-
DAY.
Henry W. Savage offers Geors* Ade's musical
satire. THE
SULTAN
OF SULU
Music by Alfred O. Watfeall.
Jan. 9— FREDERICK WARDE and KATH-
RTN KIDDER IN "SALtAJlMBO."
Every Afternoon and Evcalasr In tin
Heated Theater. Bain or Sbln*.
NEXT MONDAY Will Mark th» LAST PER-
FORMANCES of
PRINCESS FAN TAN
SCORES 07 SPECIALTIES!
800 PERPORMBRSt
A BIO SHOW BT LITTLE FEOPLZH
XLECTBIO rOOTTTAXBr TO-NXOXTI
No InereajM In Prices.
ADMISSION. lOe. CfflLDMW, So.
MISCELLANEOUS a*i i ikkm KVrft.
GADSKI
NEXT TUESDAY ANO THURSDAY NI6HTS
NEXT SATURDAY MAT., JAN. 7tb
SEATS NOW ON 8ALB
At Sherman. Clay A Ox's.
Monday being a legal holiday th« botxoCflc*
will b« at tha Alhambra Theater.
FISCHER'S THEATER
jJS*j5?- TONY LL'BBLSKI. O«a. Mrr.
HIGH- CLASS VAUDETVTLLB.
10c and 20c Children lOo.
Afternoons. 2:30. Evenings. T:SO and t.
CONTINTOUS SAT., SUN.. HOLIDAY*
2 to S and 7 to 11 p. in.
TEN GREAT ACTS. New Moving Plotarss.
Pfliarp DOirr FAIL T0
laiaWV Bee beatrtlful
j COURT Ltmnring
Afifl room, tha EMPIRE
uuu Parlor, the
P j PALM ROOM, the
iTTClflu louis xv par-
U1U11U LOR. and the LA.
U~±~U DIES> WRITINQ
Hotels 1 £q° m
patents! ;)
330 MARKET ST. Sf.X£s^
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEAUSY ST. Establish**
la 1*54 for the treatment of KrlTat*
Diseases. Lost Manhood. Debility or
•-tlvas* wearlncpn body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doc torenreswhen'
others fall. Try him. Charge* tow.
<-arr« caaranteed. CallorwitU.
I>r. J. F. CIBBOX. San Fnuvdaco- Cat
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
I.EAXT ROOTS AND SKTLIQETS.
All kinds repaired. Globe Sheet Metal Works.
11T&-1178 Mission St. Phone Main 5461.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS: LEONARD & ELU3.
41S Front St.. 3. F. Phone Main 1719.
~ T "~ PM3 *^ 3irO pRINTEK.
E. C. HUGHES. 611 Sansom* it, L f.
910
BURLING AME MEN ON THE POLO FIELD IN MATCH GAMES
CLEVER PONIES
IN USE HERE
rPlafl Is Faster Than
Id Other Years.
ManB Visitors of
Note Mag Come
to Coast.
Down at the Burlingame Country
Club the poloists have been enjoying
seme exciting sport for weeks past, and
on every occasion a large gallery has
witnessed the work of the dashing
horsemen. The class of the ponies is
steadily increasing, so that the play is
as fast as can be seen on any field. The
ranks of the players have been in
creased by the addition of J. O. Tobin
and Cyril Tobin and by the reappear
ance in the saddle of Charley Dunphy.
The latter plays a wonderful game in
the number one position. The one re
gret of his friends last season was the
fact that illness prevented his playing
against Captain Haig, the famous Eng
lish expert. Dunphy's fprte is in riding
off an opponent, and If he tried these
tantalizing tactics on the herculean cap.
tain the latter's picturesque vocabulary
•would have been taxed to the utmost.
The home-coming of Francis J. Caro
lan, master of Crossways, is expected
to put renewed life into all the sports
of the field at Burlingame. During his
sojourn in the East he met many prom
inent poloistB, and he may bring word
that some of them, will come West to
test the skill of the Western horsemen.
The Burlingame men still hope to have
a representative English team visit
this coast.
That the California ponies are highly
appreciated is shown by the prices re
ceived for them. T. A. Driscoll sold a
pony recently for $2500. It will be used
In England. Walter McCreery is said
to have refused an offer of $5000 for a
California bred pony he took to Eng
land.
These prices indicate what an expen
sive pastime polo is. One player says
each game he has played for many
years has cost him more than $50. As
sometimes three games are played in
one week the aggregate expense is
large. The average number of ponies In
the string of a player Is eight, and
they never miss a meal.
The sportsmen who support the Cali
fornia Polo and Pony Racing Associa
tion seem in a fair way to develop the
Interesting sport of pony racing to a
high standard. The thoroughbred
breeding establishments are being ran
sacked for 111 -nourished thoroughbreds
which come under the standard of four
teen hands three Inches In height. Ten
new ponies will start at the' next meet
ing of the association.
PONT RACES POSTPONED
UNTIL MONDAY NEXT
With a Brief Spell of Dry Weather
the Track at San Mateo Will • .
Be Available.
Owing to the inclement weather the
officials of the California Polo and
Pony Racing Association have post
poned the races scheduled for to-day
until Monday. If it is possible to run
on that day the second day's pro
gramme •will be run off one week from
to»-day. The track at San Mateo, on
which the races are to be run. Is of a
sandy nature and dries rapidly.
Owing to the sodden condition of
the field it is doubtful if the polo game
scheduled for to-morrow. can be,play
ed, even if the weather clears up.
Witness Disappears.
The case of - Harvey Chinn, a col
ored man, charged with assault to
murder, came on for trial before a
jury in Judge Lawlor's court yester
day. The Judge was . informed that
Henry Conway, the complaining wit
ness, had disappeared. The Judge
expressed the opinion that Conway
had been Induced to keep away by the
defendant's friends. He issued a
bench warrant for Conway's arrest
and continued the case till January
t. Conway was stabbed by Chinn on
September 4.
TIBUBON TARS
WILL BANQUET
Annual Corinthian Dinner
to Be Held To-Morrow to
Usher In the New Year
The annual dinner of the members
of the Corinthian Yacht Club will be
held in the clubhouse at Tlburon to
morrow, beginning about noon. Port
Captain John H. Keef e and his corps
of assistants will be on the scene at
an early hour, but the guests will
travel to Tiburon by the boat leaving
this city at 11 a. m.
The Cooks' and Walters' Union will
be on hand, as usual, with their valu
able services and contributions to the
general gayety of the occasion. Port
Captain John H. Keefe, in anticipation
of a large attendance, has laid in a
greater supply, than ever of fat tur
keys, Wisconsin geese, ducks and
other good things. Ex-Commodore L.
B. Chapman has prepared a bill of
fare in his well-known witty style, but
this will be kept scret until the hour
of the feast arrives.
The whole affair will be-*under the
efficient management of Port Captain
John H. Keefe. who will be assisted
by Louis B. Chapman, chef; Commo
dore T. Jennings, Charles Barrett and
Stewart Middlemas, goose carvers; H.
D. Hawks and T. J. Kavanagh, turkey
cutters; C. Morell and E. J. Bowes,
pig splitters; "Keegan" Schober, J. C.
Brickell, Jack Short. J. Stack and M.
J. Brennan, waiters.
COLOMBIANS BOYCOTT
AMERICAN MARKETS
Combine to Purchase Exclusively of
the Canadian Whole*
solera.
■WASHINGTON. Dec. 80.— The United
States of Colombia Is trying to
make Its bitterness toward the
United States of America felt In a ma
terial way. The State Department is
In receipt of direct information* that
the Colombians are making ar
rangements to cease buying in Uncle
Sam's markets all articles that they
can purchase In the Dominion of
Canada.
It . seems that the Colombian mer
chants have combined and have
j passed ( a promise among themselves
that If it be, possible to procure from
Canada such things as fiour,' kerosene,
sewing machines, . canned goods, f ur
nllure and crackers they will divert
their purchases from the United
States.
YOUNG MEN'S CHRISTIAN
ASSOCIATION IN TROUBLE
Steamship Company Claims Organiza
tion Has Not Paid Bill for
Boat Hire.
TACOMA, De. 30.— The Alaska Steam
ship Company yesterday , libeled • the
Young Men's Christian Association
of Belllngham in the United States
court for $450 alleged to be due on the
charter, of the steamer Dolphin, which
was run as an excursion : boat last
August by the association. It Is
claimed the association agreed to pay
$600 .for.the use of the boat on Aug
ust 11 for an excursion from Belling
ham .to Race Rocks, by way of Vic
toria. . , .. '
The officers • of : the steamship .com
pany say they have received only 5150
of the amount agreed on.'
SEA." CAPTAINS EXONKRATED.— United
States District Judge . de Haven handed down
an ; opinion • yesterday, dismissing the ■ charges
against Sea Captains .W. B. Seabury, : Phil H.
Going. ■. Harry < Smith and John H. Rlnder ac
cused of having permitted • Chinese laborers to
be landed * unlawfully from ' their vessels. The
Judge holds that placing Chinese' In the deten
tion 1 shed ' on the Mail ■ dock is s not a landing,'
ar.d-that the • escapes t had not been caused by
th« negligence or connivance of the accused.
THE SAN; FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 31, 1904.
GUNMEN EXPECT
HOLIDAY SPORT
Shooting Boxes on All the
Marshes Will Present
Animated Scenes To-Night
The ducks on all the marshes within
reach of this city had -a brief respite
last Sunday, as the alluring charm of
Christmas at home proved too strong
an attraction for the majority of
sportsmen. The boats and trains,
which are usuallv thronged with men
in shooting clothes, were nearly empty
last week-end.
conditions will be different this week.
Many men will leave the city to-day
for their shootlng_boxes to escape the
din with which it is customary to usher
in each new vear. Unless an unusual
amount of rain falls the shooting will
be excellent to-morrow, as birds are
found In large numbers and in every
direction.
The few men who went out last week
had excellent sport. Along the San
Pablo shore large bags of canvas
backs were secured. W. G. Hoffman
and Harry Trader shot near San Pablo
with good results.
Edgar Forster and Billy Schendel
were on the Petaluma marsh and had
a Joint bag of thirty-one birds. These
included cans, spoonies and teal.
Alex Martin secured a limit bag on a
preserve at Schellville on the Sonoma
marsh.'
Julius Bruns, M. J. Hynes, W. J.
Hynes,. Jack Karney, W. J. Hopkins
and Charlie Breitensteln had a satis
factory shoot at Suisun. The joint bag
of 150 birds was made up of cans, mal
lard and sprig.
Henry Jansen and Mr. Gregory shot
near Midshipman and Reclamation
and had a good day's sport.
Pete McRae and Ed Schultz se
cured limit bags on Joyce Island.
They could have killed twice as many
birds, as they worked well .' for the
guns. Teal were found in large num
bers. :- " re-
Phil Bekeart will head a delegation
of Family Club members, who will
spend the holidays quietly at their
Suisun preserve.
DEMANDS TRIAL BEFORE
JURY OF GOOD WOMEN
Lunatic , Who Has Mania for. Sitting
Upon Hot Stoves Makes Queer
Request of Jailers.
FRESNO, Dec. 30.— Benjamin Mat
tingly, better known as "Dobey," has
been placed in the insane ward 'at
Visalia. He has taken a ' mania for
sitting on red hot stoves and during the
last week, while at a sanitarium, he
has twice been- stopped from Injuring
himself in this manner. When taken
to the Jail- he protested that he had
committed no crime and demanded a
jury trial Immediately, declaring he
wanted to be tried by a jury: of good
women. .
In the latter part- of the , 60's Mat
tingly was once wealthy. He still owns
property in Arizona. He got his nick
name from an adobe, hut in which' he
used to> live,. forty years .ago,, before
Visalia became a city.
Accused of : Perjury.
H. 4 F. Hobson .was arrested yester
day on a warrant charging/ him -with
perjury. He was released on $50 cash
bail. The complaining witness is -E;
J. Glllen, a cigar salesman'.^ Hobson
Is assignee, for the '.- claimants against
the Royal . Mercantile Company. 7 m He
commenced suit 'against ' Gillen and
others : and 1 in: his .affidavit- he "alleged
that Gillen -was interested 1 in 1 the'com
pany, '.' but * this U Gillen ' says '■ Hobson
knew to be •'false.'"' * - .-..;:-
HORNETS PLAY
BRITISH TARS
No Games for Championship
of Association Football
League During Holidays
No matches will be played for the,
championship of the California Asso
ciation Football League either to-mor
row or on Monday. Though no matches
were arranged either for the Christmas
or the New Year holidays by the dele
gates who made up the championship
schedule, it was thought the opportun
ity might be seized to play off some of
the matches that have been postponed,
as, for example, the game between the
Occidentals and Oakland Hornets that
was set down for November 20; the
game between the Occidentals and the
Vampires and that between the Eagles
and the Oakland Hornets, both post
poned from November 27. Though the
suggestion was made by the secretary
of the league, the captains of the team3
are not willing 'to take the chance of
some .of their strong players' absence
during the holidays.
Some practice games between league
and other teams will,' however, be
played during the holidays. The Vam
pires will play a friendly match against
the Pickwicks on the ground at Web
ster street, Alameda, to-morrow. James
Frew will referee and the players will
occupy the following positions:
Vampires. Position. Pickwicks.
ChlversT. Goal.. . ."W. T. Bowcock
Glarner It. D McKee
Waeber L. H A. E. Bowcock
W. Cample ...R. H. B ..Walters
Harwood C. H. B Bowden
Jac<:ues L. H. B McClelland
E. Leeoutleur O. R .Robertson
Lees I. R Warren
Wilding. C. F Banks
W. Robertson I. L .Ingann:
T. Smith.'. O. L...... j...Moon
Rolfe and Petersen, goalkeeper and
fullback of the Vampires, are absent
from th« team. Rolfe fractured hi3
wrist in playing with a punching ma
chine and Petersen was hurt in the
Vampire-Albion game. Rolfe will
not be able to play for a month and
it is feared Petersen may have to re
tire for* the rest of this season. Glar
ner will take Petersen's place in the
fullback line and Chivers will take
charge of the goal. The loss of Peter
sen will be a serious one for the Vam
pires, whose defense has been their
strong : point.
5 On Monday, January 2, the Oakland
Hornets will play a friendly match
against a team of British apprentices
gathered by the Rev. S. H. Wingfleld-
Dtgby; chaplain of the Seamen's Insti
tute of. San Francisco. The ball -will
be kicked off . at 2 : 3 0 p. m. '. at Idora
Park, Oakland. The make-up of the
sailors' " team cannot be ascertained
till the day of play, but the Hornets
will occupy ' the following positions:
Pomeroy, goalkeeper; Barrett and
Murphy, -fullbacks; H. Bird, W. Mc-
Gregor and McDiarmid, halfbacks;
R. Dlsher,-T. DIsher, McKenzie, Ryles
and Christiansen, forwards.
Henry Roberts, : honorary secretary
of the California Association Football
Union, has taken over' the duties of
secretary of the league as well.
No ; matches for the \ 1904-1905 cham
pionship of j the California Association
Football '.League having been played
since December 18, the table of results
remains unchanged. The order and
number of points gained by each team
are as follows: Albion Rovers 12, In
dependents 10, Occidentals 8, Oakland
Hornets 5, Vampires 5, Pickwicks 2,
Eagles 0.. Eighteen matches still remain
on the schedule of the league. The In
dependents and Eagles .,' have '■ six
matches I each to .' play ; • the Oakland
Hornets, Vampires,- Occidentals and
Pickwicks have. five each, and the Al
bion Rovers have "four.. :'•-■'.-
It is : said that : negotiations are being
made for ; the Corinthian eleven, i one ; of
the strongest association football teams
in the United :.; Kingdom, '. to ; visit • the
United States and Canada next year to
play a series of matches In -New/:, York,'
Boston,' Philadelphia, Chicago," 4 Boston,"
Pittsburgh San Francisco and; the prin
cipal -. Canadian ; cities. : '; The visit" of ■ a
really fine team to California will excite
great interest. It is believed an eleven
can; be made .up from the seven clubs
in V the ..California .League .that;, will be
■. able ;, to , make ; the «. visitors play •; a ' good
game to .win.
Most 1 * men \ would \ rather have ; half a
loaf than no chance to loaf. '
PLAYERS' RANK
TO BE DECIDED
Annual Class Singles Ten
nis Tournament Will De
cide the Eating of Men
As yet the inclement weather has
not interfered with play on the tennis
courts to any extent and an unusual
number of tournaments have been
held. Many old players have rejoined
the California Club and that organiza
tion has more active players than ever
before. Many of them do not play in
tournaments, but get out for a prac
tice game on Saturdays and Sundays.
At Golden Gate Park there are fully
as many players as ever, but they
have been given a rest from tourna
ment play for a few weeks. The" first
tournament of the new year will be
played on the park courts about Jan
uary 18. ;:■ >
For a year or so the ladles of the
park were without tournaments, but
the annex has been reorganized and
at least one tournament a month is
held. There are many new players In
the club and some of them will un
doubtedly become quite expert. Of
the younger girls, Miss Sarita Van
Vliet is probably the mgst promising.
She has not lost a tournament since
she joined the club, except a mixed
doubles event.
The most important event of the
winter season is the annual class sin
gles tournament, comes up for
argument on January 1. This tourn
ment will decide who Is the best man
in each class, a question that each
player is anxious to have settled-
Last year Drummond MacGavin
won the honors in the first class. Will
Allen in the second, A. E. Beyfuss in
the third and Bradley Wallace in the
fourth., MacGavin and Allen have
both left the State and Beyfuss has
gone up a class.
As usualmost interest centers in the
first class. Properly speaking there is
no first class at the club. Aside from
Dr. Hardy and Grant Smith, the only
man who has any claim to a first
class ranking is Dr. McChesney, but
he has played in no tournaments. He
is probably the best man in the club,
but is hardly a first class man. Men
like George Janes, Will Collier, Frank
Mitchell, Herbert Long, Dr. Hill, Carl
Gardner, Harry Rolf e, B. F. Nourse,
Ray Cornell and Chester Smith will
probably be put in the first class, but
most of them are not first class play
ers.
Collier has always figured In the
first class, but undoubtedly has gone
back or has not kept apace with the
game. Mitchell at times plays first
class tennis. Of the rest, Janes, Dr.
Hill and H. Long might not be out of
place In this class. Cornell, Smith,
Busch, Nourse and Rolfe would be
better placed in the: second class.
The second class will be much
smaller than in previous years. Here
tofore the first class has been small
and the second' large. A. Beyfuss,
Melville 'Long:, Dr. Younger, Albert
Kenyon, George : Cutter and Paul
Jones will probably be In this -class.
There \will be ' many ■ players * In the
third and fourth classes, where the
competition will be exceptionally
keen. In the third class the most
promising candidates are C. G. Kuehh,
M. ' Warner, Spencer Grant and Dr.
Lovegrove.- W. ; Knowlton ■ and Brad
ley Wallace look the strongest men In
the fourth" class.
The tournament will commence to
morrow and if possible will be fin
ished on Monday.. Entries close at
5:30 to-day, when the players. will be
classified and drawn.
Several changes have occurred .in
the continuous tournament during the
week. In the first class the only men
who have , moved are", the first five.
Ray ■ Cornell, who - was No. 1, is now.
No. 3. ■ He was' -beaten first by Janes
and then by Collier. The former is
'No.,1 and the latter No. 21 Dr. Bush
has*; lost "two matches by [default 'and
Is No. 4 . B. F. Nou rse is No. 5 .
r i There has! been : UttleTor : rio .'play in
the second class,. which is a small one.
>The T withdrawal ~ of ; Beyfuss, who
was No. ■ 1, ■ puts; Gabriel : up; to No^ 2
and Long up to No. 3."
; George Cutter : and W.'G.; Knowlton
have made' the most:' progress - up to
date. "Knowlton" hag ; advanced In the
fourth class" from "- Nol "'• 1 2 ' to : No; 5.
Cutter has -gone" from -. Nol- 2 ', in'- the
third _ class to _ No. 5 in' the second
'class. He Is" the : only player . who has
CLEVER POLOISTS OF THE BURLJNG AMD COUNTRY CL.TJB. WHO HAVE
PLAYED SOME SENSATIONAL. MATCHES THIS SEASON ON THE CLUB
FIELD IN SAN MATEO COUNTY, SHOWING FINE HORSEMANSHIP AND
MARKED DARING.
CLEVER HOUNDS
IN INAUGURAL
The Best Eight Coursers in
Training .to. Meet To-3Ior
row on Union Park Field
The coursing men will start the. new
year with two excellent stakes to-mor
row at Union Park. The eight dogs
in the Inaugural are closely drawn,
every course being practically a match
race. Where one dog figures to lead
his opponent *to the hare, the other's
cleverness more than offsets this ad
vantage. As a consequence the betting
promises to be unusually lively. The
Barge-Richard Anton course should be
the best of the day. In speed, clever
ness and stamina they figure equal.
Quita will be played on her cleverness
to beat McVey. Carlow Boy is sure to
take Belle Free to the hare, but Belle
is the cleverer worker and on the pres
ent strong hares should win. Hum
boldt will lead Lost Chord, but Tacks
the latter's experience.
The drawing for the special holiday
stake for Monday will be held to-mor
row at the park. The entry is limited
to forty-eight greyhounds. Special
trains will leave for the park on both
days at 10:15 a. m. and 1 p. m. The in
augural will not be run until the after
noon, following the second round in the
reserve event.
Among the new dogs in Sunday's
reserve stake is E. L. Grim's Hidden
Hatred (Don Pedro-Richmond), which
arrived recently from the East and is
said to be a good one. J. Hirodyen of
Los Angeles brought up Sir Dick
(Dick L-Duty) and Rialto (Repeat-
Lizzie M). Both are young dogs and
performed well down south. The
likely winners are:
Inaugural stake— Belle Free, McVey. Rich
ard Anton and Humboldt.
Reserve «take — Runaway Actreas. Dorothy
M Rocker Arm. Ina Ctssus. Charter Member,
Melllnwood. Glaucus, Peerless Beauty; Aeolus,
Reckless Acrobat. Young Fearless. The Ref
eree Mickey Free Lulu Gtrl. Friendless Boy.
Stlngaree, Presto Clover Blossom, J E H.
Slroc. Bella Marie. Ready Address, Rocked
Asleep and Forest Fire.
Eugene Geary's great performer, Palo
Alto (Emln Pasha-Geary'" Bonnie
Lass), was bred to Tamora (Fetter
Free-High Born Lady) on the 14th
inst, and to Una (Snapshot-Bart's
Belle) on the 19th.
Mllo Caine has purchased Clover
Blossom (Warburton-Miss Alice) from
James Sweeney, and Duncan (Dexter
B-Friday) from Hocking and Doherty.
Ed. Wilson' ha3 purcnased Glaucus
and Lulu Girl from M. Mlckelik.
Tom • Leonard has bought Daisy
Rocket from; J. E. Freeman.
W. P. Spencer has registered . Carlisle
by Hot Stuff-Motto. ', He was raised by
Frank McComb. Both he and the own
er expect to win the Belle Brandon cup
with the puppy.
STARVES HERSELF TO SAVE
' MONEY FOR HER SON
Portland Negress Suffers for Food
Rather Than Touch Money Des
• "V 1 . tinedfor Offspring.
PORTLAND, Or., Dec. 30.— Though
possessed ' of city property valued at
several thousand dollars,' "Grandma"
Newsome, a negress, aged 75 years,
was found In her bed suffering from
an attack 'of paralysis and helpless
from lack of food. Though her. prop
erty could be sold for a sum sufficient
to place her beyond the possibility of
want for the remainder of. her days,
the aged woman prefers to leave.it in
tact in order that she may will it to
her son at the time of her death. She
has .been • living off charity for- four
years.
advanced a , class. Al . Kenyon ■_ made. an
effort to get out of the third; class, but
was. beaten by Dr., Younger, who Is
at the bottom of • the ' second class.
GOLFERS PLAN
HOLIDAY GAMES
Competitions Arranged to
.. Take Place on Presidio
and Happy Valley Links
Golfers will be busy on the San
Francisco and San Rafael courses on
Monday. The annual New Tear'3
day competition for the Liverpool
gold medal, which carries with it the
medal play championship of the San
Francisco Golf and Country Club, will
be held on the Presidio course on
Monday and will bring out a goodly
number of competitors.
The contest for the medal is a
scratch one, In which gross scores only
are counted, but it is usual to play a
handicap competition of two or four
rounds at the same time, tha score of
the first two rounds played during the
day being reckoned for the gold
medal. The scores, less the allotted
handicaps, are counted for the special
prizes offered for the day's play.
In the eighteen-hole handicap held
on the Happy Valley courts on Mon
day, the 26th inst., the prize cup pre
sented by A. S. Lilley was won by
Carlton Curtis with a net score of 89,
the other entries being J. J. Crooks.
R. J. Davis, R. B. Hellman, George
Heazelton. G. W. Hellman. F. D. Madi-
Bcn. J. H. Follis, G. M. Pinckard, W.
J. Casey. A. A. Curtis, A. S. Lilley
and Gustav Sutro.
MAYOR VETOES AMENDMENT
TO STABLE ORDINANCE
Says It Would Permit or Rebuilding
Structures Independently of Ob
jections of Property-Owners.
Mayor Schmltz yesterday trans
mitted to the Board of Supervisors his
veto of the amended ordinance pro
viding that any existing stable may
be reconstructed or replaced on Its
present site without the consent of the
adjacent property-owners. He says
that the amendment should more
properly be applied to the ordinance
regulating removal of buildings. The
veto message continues:
A lack of precision, with general uncertainty
of the term« of the proposed amendment, prac
tically nullify and render Ineffectual the con
dition prescribed In section 143 In this respect,
that aald amendment falls to specify any lim
itations upon the capacity of public livery or
boarding stables affected by said section, re
quiring the written consent of the owners of
property within 200 feet of a stable designed
to accommodate more than six horses. The ab
sence of this condition In the amendment would
permit the rebuilding or replacing on Its pres
ent cite of any public livery or boarding sta
ble without regard to Its capacity and inde
pendent of the objections or wishes of th*
property owners in the immediate vicinity.
EASTERN PROPERTY OWNED
BY CALIFORNIANS SOLD
ST. LOUIS, Dec 30.— Three pieces of
Locust stret realty were' purchased
Thursday by a syndicate repre
sented by the Hofbrook-Blackwelder
Real Estate Trust Company for a to
tal of $325,000. *
The deal included 513 Locust street,
a .three-story building with 22x105
feet frontage, $155,000; the adjoining
plat on the west, 22x105 feet. Im
proved with a three-story building.
515 Locust street, $115,000; 1114-16
Locust street, 46x106 feet, $55,000.
The first piece of realty was an asset
of the old St. Louis Savings Bank. The
other pieces were owned by the Hager
heirs of California.
Rebekah Minstrels.
Mission Rebekah Lodge of the L O.
O..F. will to-night repeat in Excelsior
Hall the "Tramp Minstrel Show" It
gave a few weeks ago. This will be
for the benefit of .its members 'and
friends, who were, so delighted with
the previous performance that they
signed a petition for Its reproduction.BERGER AND CASEY IN DRAWN BATTLE AT MECHANICS' PAVILION
THREE FAVORITES TME KINDLY TO A MUDDY TRACK
Glendene Splashes Along ? a^,;ILands:^^p^tpS^r^ife^^
Between fhowers and splashes of'
mud three favorites managed to make
through connections and tie up • to'
purses at Oakland yesterday. Glendene,*
a friendless £0 to 1 ehot, came -hoine
unexpectedly, but the victories' of-
Briers and Darksome evoked no aston-.
lsfcrnent, ae both had been on the w^lt-;
ing: list for some days. The attendance,
was only fair. ' <
Priccesa Wheeler from the Jenn!rlg8 :
stable was made a red hot 7 to 10
chance for the first event, a five fur
long scramble for maiden two-year-old
fillies. Ehe appeared to be outfooted.
the f.m part of the running and fin
ished fourth.' Glendene, ridden t»y
Eelgesea and 20 to 1. shook, off her'
company in the stretch. "vrinning handl-
!y from Saccharate and True "Wing. •
In the Blx and a half furlong 1 , selling
r.xtnre Halnault made his first appear
ance this season and teas installed fa
vorite. Travers handled the gelding 'to
excellent advantage and -he- - collared
and defeated Times, the pace-,
maker, when ready. Hipponax ran an
indifferent third. Brennus. stopped to
nothing lathe stretch.
Something about the betting- Indi
cated that Golden Buck was not going
to make "any remarkable showing In
tn« Futurity course- run for two-year
olds, And the Schorr colt didn't. His
price soared from S to 5 to 5 to 2, and
Reed got him away from the barrier
absolutely last. ' He then finished
fourth. David Boland, backed flown
to favoritism by the ernart contingent,
reached th« ■Mre ■ first, two lengths in
advance of Edrodun. The chow fell to
Gallant Cassle, a 30 to 1 shot. . '
A» predicted by the many different
eeers and clairvoyants. Briers sprung
into prominence when least expected.
Wenrick received the frontier support
to take the mile and fifty yard run de
cided under celling conditions.- and
Briers at 44 to 1 beat the colt like
breaking eggs . with a monkey •wrench.
Eard Burns, the lukewarm ] favorite,
led to the stretch, where he began
backing
Helgesen ecored his 6econd win of
the afternoon on Darksome, second
choice fcr the mile purse number.
Downpatrick, the favorite, and Dark-
Fome had the race between them from
the start. In the stretch the latter
outgamed the two-year-old, scoring al
most easily. Charmel. a well-played
one, could not ontrack herself in the
going.
Apparently the bookmakers could not
Fell much of anything in the speculat
ing on the concluding mile and a six
teenth affair but Magrane. The brown
colt had first call ana after a brush
tvith Padua 6trolled in at Jakie Jones'
isure. The Lady Rohesia had no
BW. Trahem captured the
;
RACK XOTES.
td Travers carried off the
(. each piloting two win
■s eold Gk-ndene. winner
ice, only a few days ago,
•
the entry of Tom Ryan
g event. Is a daughter of
The Roman, a crack performer a few
years ago, in the colors of Elmwood
Stock Farm.
Mike Daly will send Elliott to Los
Anpeles as a starter in the selling
f-take to be decided at Ascot Park on
Monday.
Lee Blasingame will send Grafter to
Los Ang-ies to see if the climate down
there will sharpen the gelding's speed.
Frank Reed was indefinitely suspend
ed for his handling of Golden Buck in
The third event. The betting and the
fhowing made by the colt had a sus
picious flavor.
Day ten and Kahn lost Wenrick from
the fourth race. The colt was claimed
for 17^ by C. A. Cleal, trainer of Sug
don.
Harnault, winner of the second num
ber on the card, was bid up $200 over
his entered selling price of $400 by W.
M. Cain, trainer of War Times. The
Ftable retained the gelding.
Charley Patterson's midget rJder,
Hogcoe Coleman, met with an Injury
on. the track yesterday morning. While
♦ xercising a J yearling Iloscoe was
thrown* and had a small bone of one of
his ankles broken.
Darksome »as as good as 6 to 1 in
the betting.
Handicapper Egbert announced yes
terday thfi weights for the big race on-
Monday- Claude is of course assigned
top weight, 132 pounds, and as Dainty
v.iil not be a starter If the track is
muddy, the DaJy horse will be hard to
l'ct. The weights are .-i^ fullows:3BBS
Claude l.":2.Toeolaw 105
DbUiiy 12> So Ian us H»5
li'arcsitcher 1"'3 Fcwt King 103
Rofckiway -.1 3 » Altn'.a r.Tffl
HonUcn 11 •* Christine A 105
Fceeil 113 Ed LJlburn '. 1^5
Elliott -'.Ill Oral) ...; ..IOC
Bt. V*lenUne 110.\Vst<-rcure ...105
Gotd. Money .-. .. + ; -.108 Padua 105
Ananias- i.lOfcjIshtar : 105
I>alv«y •. lOSiveterano ....105>
Floral King 107 Achilla 105 |
BtroUer ltO-rOaptain Fcrs*e ....105 i
H^ra-tius 1<*»! Caliban . .• ....1(>5J
JkianlnmsLe lWDJdc-rot 1C5 I
Ce<larbur« l f w JarrctUtrre D'Or. ..1C5 {
Ft-tlpe Luro ••-• — lW Homberditr 108 j
Uttie WaJir 1UG T>J*>phooe 1C« I
X>eila lOSiAndrew B. Cook 105 I
jrrea. -O 10S Bugrle Horn 105 !
M«uloa . 30.' Kpnl'.worth 105
Dlvina ' *9'' T * :<5 L'.eutf nant 105
fiying Torpedo ....li-5 Sutarbaa Queen ...105
Military >Ian lV'.Orcer.ock ..., 105
Mciicura 105 One Way 102
TetTCW Tail '. .K<5 lU'Alfum ....: 100 I
The \jeAr Koh^'.a.-lOSjThe Oadfly 100 I
Martinet 103jFi««twood 100 I
f*.cn6um : 105 Artsbe ...100 I
Ve»wv'sn J 05 Corn piossom 100 }
A«a3* J0rii '
Drummers' Game Postponed.
The game of baseball between the
United Commercial Travelers and the
Pacific Coast Commercial Travelers'
Association scheduled for this after
noon, has been postponed till next
Monday at 2 o'clock. The game will
be played at Recreation Park.
If a man is dissatisfied with his mar
ried life the senFible th'ng to do is to
tell his wife how much he missed by
•waiting 6O long.
JOHNNY SMART,
Who Does Stunts.
He Made Good Only by Chance,
IN-NEXT SUNDAY'S
COMIC SECTION.
HORSES PMDKEb;
TO TRAVEL;- IN
SLOPRY^GOING
BY FRED E.'MtJLHOLIiAND.
First race — Edgecliff, Baker,
_. Robert MitchelL • ■ . ' . I :.i £
Second race — Glendenntng,
': Red ' Cross Nurse, Bell Reed. ■
, Third race — Blackthorn, San
: - Lution, ■ Yoimg ; Marlow/: • .
• Fourth race— Ntgrette, Vena
tor, Matt Hogan. V-\ :^ .: '
- , F1 f t l» race— Scherzo, Lady
. Kent, Dungannon.
. Sixth race— Prince Brutus/
~ Silverskin, Albert. Fir.
MUDLARKS JN
THEIR EllMENT
The .handicap at seven furlongs, with
an^ excellent field of .starters, will be
the 'feature -of the racing at Oakland
this afternoon.. Among- the starters are
such 'clever mudlarks as Nigrette,
.Venator, Judee and Matt Hogan.
First raca. Futurity course, two-year-olds
seJlln~:
7C23 'Lady FasTiloa (Miller) 98
iS? I Mary Pe PP*r (Hoppas) 88
i63j 'Baker (McAtoWr ) 105
7€2» Melar (Stxobel) 103
7l!>6 Edna Sullivan (Sullivan) 103
7C£9 *Morn?gor (BiaTicfci & Co.) 101
.•US Merusha (En^strom) 102
7C23 Edgeciiff (Judge) 107
7C44 'Robert Mitchell '(Summers) 105
7635 'Herthus <Gilbert) faH
7039 Caiculat* (Blaaingame) 103
Second race, five . furlongs, thre«-j ear -olds
and up, selling:
7ii7$> *GlendenclEg (Cajneron) ....1C1
<7041)*Bronifc Wing (Fountain) 101
7618 »Ked Cross Nurse IMolera & Josephs). 101
.7CU2 Bell Reed (Fitzgerald) Ill
734S Suburban Que«n (Winter A Johnson). 106
76<X> Redan tStrobel) \cm
7630 Revolt (Gilbert) ill
Third race, one and a elxteenth miles, threa
y<?ar-olds and up, selllns:
7SP5 The Ledaean (Graflort & Co.) 104
7tX>» •Viporoso tAppleby & Co.) 09
.63. 'Glenarvon (Summere) 8*J
704C Frank Woods (Garden City Stable). ...104
iCjO 'Homage (Stephenson) 99
7615 Bill Young (Sturgeon) 104
.617 'Young Marlow (McLaugtilln) 99
7C37 Petrolia (McCarthy) 104
4 tUb Sherry (Woods) 104
7621 *?an Lution (DIxoo) 99
7643 Dandle Belle (Winter & Johnson) 104
.574 'Blackthorn (rink) 102
Fourth race, seven furlongs, two-yearrO]ds
and up. handicap.
<7C16)Xigretw (Jennings & Co) _ 105
7G45 AJbula (Lamasney Bros) 9S
<7t22>ll&tt Hog&n (Romigh) lot
75CS Oro Viva <Rlley & McRae) 102
7t£2 Judge (McAlester) 105
7500 Iehlana (Ryan) 07
(7€3!>)Venator (Rowell) 106
7C32 £ea Voyage (Miller) S5
Fifth race, one xnUa.And 100 yards, three
year-oids and- up, selling.
7<TX> L-idy K«?nt (Ryan) 104
7i~-.ii Ii.tii.irk (Barrett) ....- .......107
7043 Karney Dreyfuss (De Neffe) 100
7043 •lsabcllHa (Ronaldson) 104
(7G3>i)'Scherw) (Pueblo Stable) fr.-.r.v..... OS
v7C37)Augie (Maglll) 104
7630 Wenrick (Sturgeon) 1 103
7G27 'Dur.gannon (Knebelkamp) 100
7646 'Budd Wade (Bak»r City Stable).... 99
Sixth rax*. Futurity course, two-year-olds,
pu.-se.
7KS Lady Goodrich. (Applegate) 102
(7636jAlbert Fir (Jones & LMt]t) .105
Nabonassar (Gray) 105
(7tVH)A. Mufkodny (Dodge) 105
7<HS Tada (Cahill) 107
"«:;« Silverskin- <Brinkworth & Co) 105
7C2K Hooligan (Fountain) 102
7628 Sea Air (McLanghlin) ".. 102
(7ClS)Vrlnce Brutus (Cameron) 102
•Apprentice allowance.
CRESCENT CITY STEWARDS
RULE JOCKEY MUNROE OFF
Boy Unable to Furnish an Ex
planation of Bad Ride on
Joe Liesser.
NEW ORLEANS, Dec. 30. — Jockey Munroe,
who has been unable to furnish the stewards
an explanation of his ride on Jo« Lesser In
the sixth race last Wednesday, has been barred
from riding here for the remainder of tht
meetinc Refults:-
First race, five and a half furlongs — Euehon
won. Florentine second. Jade third. Time,
1:07.
Second race, six and a half furlongs — Mary
Glenn iron, Mlladi Love second, Fitzbrtllar
third. Time. 1 :21 3-5.
Third race, six furlongs — Optional won. Fox
Meade second. Dick Bernard', third. Time.
1:13 1-E»
Fourth race, one and three-sixteenths miles —
Catalina won. Bengal second. Midshipman
third. Time. 2:01 8-0.
Fifth race, one and three-sixteenths miles —
Handepinner won, Beaucaire second. Frank
Klce third. Time. 2:02 4-5.
race, five and a half furlongs — Dallas
won Bell of Portland second. Tootsy Mack
third. Tin>«, 1:01 S-5.
THOJIAS A. DRISCOLL .HURT
BY' ONE OF IHS PONIES
Noted Bnrlingnme Poloist Is Thrown
- - niul- Tliree of His Ribs
r Are Fractured.
Thomas A. Driscoll, the most.dash
in{r and the most popular polo player
on this coasC was thrown by one of
his ponies, which he was schooling, at
Burlingame . on Thursday and sus T
tamed- injuries, which although not
serious, vrill confine him to his. home
for some days.' It is thought three of
his ribs are broken. Mr. Driscoll has
always been noted for his daring as a
horseman and "has as a result sus
tained more injuries than usually fall
to the lot of poloists.
His injury at this time Is.inoppor
tune, as he is to be married at Santa
Barbara on January 19. His fiancee.
Miss Alice Bacon, arrived here from
the south yesterday, accompanied by
her mother, and occupies apartments
at the Palace. It is not expected the
accident to Mr. Driscoll will cause any
change in the plans for the wedding.
Will Send Crew to England.
PHILADELPHIA. Dec. 30. — Ten
members of the Vesper Boat Club,, to
be known as the Henley committee,
have formulated plans for sending a
crew to England next July. Every
member of- the club whose eligibility
meets with the committee's approval
may try for a seat in the eight-oared
which," it is hoped, will bring
the grand challenge cup to America.
Union Jockey Club Sold.
ST. LOUIS. Dec, 30.— The lease and
improvements of the Union/' Jockey
Club were sold to-day by the receiver
to Jordan Limbart of St. Louis, the
highest bidder, for $63,000. It is an
nounced that the purchase was made
in behalf of the syndicate owning the
Fair Grounds and Delmar. race tracks."
The under dog isn't always deserving
of sympathy. . .-
THE- SAN FRANCISCO; CALL,; SATURDAY,. DECEMBER 31, 1904.
SAX FEANO^CO^ GMPS^EACI^EORfe&ABT^
j. OAKLAND — Friday. DecJy 30.- -Weather rainy. v Track sloppy.' v- ••'-•>. / V
,7047. FTRSTRACB—FIvafurloncg; pnrae;' maiden vaUjq Jto .flrat.Vf32!5.;*
Hor«»dnd Owner; •;■,'- lWtjSt.% J %. %'.- Str.; Fin. JoCRey. * j- Op/J CTi*
7^1 O»«n««i« <Mr*.'-ganfter*)": .vr/. 108) «£.'. j }2 1%1 ? 2H Helgesen^V. .. *10!v 29
7608 Sacchajratq,,(N^pa.atocli Farm) 110 7-*... : 4 2 3' i?-'2- 2 - 2'5 r 'Sul!»4 ::. *> <■*&>'>?•' 10
«iii;- Tru.e^in«(T.H. Ryan) ,.».;. 10S 2>.ijJ 1 h ,2,% t 3 1 . 3, %?• Jenkins .".. r. \30*^'.*2
-I?if £r.,A\heeler (W. B. J«nnln«»)| 108 4;..; 3 Wt^.l' * V 4 n W& Knapp/. 7-10*7-10
M25ipn(m4ulpm (Mrs. Mljler) .... 10$ 6*..\> 6h'6%63 e r 5 JMcBride' \ . . 60^-76
6730 Lucreca <Maedonougrh)» •. . . . . . 108 10' .,. ;9 S .8 l--.7*r.7 tf 1W. Davi«.- .'" 4'-" 5.
§££ I »», <£ BherWan > .•...:.... 108 ft.'.:.' -7 n 9.2 ,.8-2': 8 h. .|Traver 8 ;;... .20-20
-SJ'Sr*^? W * ter » <O.'-F. Watersyi.08'5 '..J-.-6 l%7"it» ■' 9 * Greenfield, 10 . 15
"il?2 d of S^nnoy Cr.'Foi).... 108 11*, ..V 11 10 » JO ■ 10 J. Jones... - 20 • 30
3 f So nU > tf- i« UMontany*)/. 108 l'«i 10 11 11 • llr. - Bonner..' • ,.» .60 100
V:' (Rear; Guard B.).. 108 13." -.j 12 12 '12 — 12 ■'•■ IT.- Ste^-ar*.. -r 40 .CO
.... Srtllax (J.*J. Moran);..l : 108 12V, J. j -IS — 13—13 18 — Moran-,-.... - 60 100
.... AppollonlM (B. Folty)" :.:... 108 U/...J 14-14 14 14 |T. Clark ... -* 30 100
4 ' I 60 * 4 ' 1:03 - At P° S V* mlnutea. p« at 3:17. Glendene. place,?: *hoV. 7-2. Sac-
P a ™ te jL P Iace . <: show; 8-5. ■Wing, show. 3. Winner b. f. by ■Klamet-.PlayVToy. Trained
'" ?I ™ f" 1^"- Scratched— TarcQDlaB«ll«.- -Start-rood. Won easily.-Ba4anc»-drtv
ing\ uiefidene received a strong ride and tlie rolng. suited her, . Saecharate ran -a good
. race under vlgt>rous- handling. - T>ti« Wing Jias speed" and breedfng. Princess lacked early
, ■ speed and was cut off on far turn. Lucreco can "-do. better. : : :■,. •' ■• - ;:\ •' -' ' .--'■•
7048. BBCOXP RACB-f-Slx and *-h«if- furlong"; «elUngV.8-y«ar-pld» and up;"to first, >$325.
Ind«xj. ■■ Hot»» and Owner. 1 Wt'Bt. tf, . %.,. %'.* v Str. Fin. .Jockey. , Op. Cl.
< -J£? )l ,?." ln !i2 tt '" 8 F* R^a^ey). ..... ioi 7 6 1 8-2H2 n-*2 4;i 1% Travers 7 "??: >6-5 ">T»
i^IlS."" Tlm ? B '- 3 <Mrs.' Greshaju) 100 4 1 h*2 2 1 %ln -2:4- Wi K»app . ,4' 12
j«12 Hlpponax. a (A. C. Dean).:.. 104 8 8 1%* % 4 4 3n'3 6 Greenfield .. 6-2 14-5
■i-it gotterel. 4 <W. H. Lynch) 1W 2 i B B 1^5 B 4' 10 4 1>4 Croeswaite . ' 10 12
L^xi Brennus. 4 (Judge & Co.) 100 3 2 h 1 h 3 1%B 4 5 25 Helgesen .. i '3 f.v 8
i^i alt ,? 3 (D - S - Fountain).... 05 6 64 66 6 10 6 10 « 3 L.FOuntatn 30 . 60
ii^ c ?*ilee. 8 (L- Redemeyer) . . . . 109 1 8 7 1%7 2 7 5 7 n Alarie ..... ' 30 100
6.56|Sherry. 4 (J. Wooda)....,.. .|lQ9 8 7 1 8 8 8 8 " - . Bonner'.... 50 100
Time— :23*4. :49. 1:15%, 1:22H. At post 4 minutes. Oft at" '2:41"."' Hafnault," place. 3-5;
f .2 W# V- 4 - Tlmes . Place, 4; show, 8-5. Hipponax. show, 2-5. Winner br. g. by St. Carlc
i.!t>t>ertifiibbett. Trained by J. Reavey. Scratched — Box Elder, Molto. Flaneur, Sir Dou,
gal. Karabel, The Curo. Start good. "Won easily. Balance driving. •■ Winner bid up from
J400 to $700 by W. M. Caine. but wu retained. ■ Halnault was ready and cart always
beat this sort. Hipponax ran away below his notch. Brennus quit In the stretch. Salto
may Improve. , . '.
7640. THIRD RACE— Futurity course; selling; two-year-olds; value to first, $325 1
Index Horse and Owner. |Wt[St. %. %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op. cT.
<^2^ ) DavId Boland (Balrd & Co.).. 107 ~7 ~. 4 n 1 2ftl 1%1 2 Bonner 2 " 2
.623 Edrodun (Lagoria & Forbes).. 103 3 ... 6 1^2 2 2 2 2 2% W. Davis ..4 8
jiCj)5 Gallant Cassle (Mrs. Miller).. 102 4 ... 7iJ3y a 3h 32 Wiley 30 SO
tVM Golden Buck (Mrs. Schorr) 107 11 ... 8 3 8 2 62 4% Reed 8-5 5-2
££ Grenore (J. Davis) 103 5 ... 3*4CH41 hi League 30 30
i^5 Alone (Sunders & Co.) 102 1 ... 6 h 7 h 7 h 6 % Travers .... 10 16
.Jerusha, (W. R. Engetrom). . 102 9 ... 62 93 83 76 McBrlda ... 20 • 6i>
jSweet K, Bellairs (W.S. Price) 103 2 ... 2 % 4 1^5 % 8 2 J. Jones ... SO 60
- Lady (G " W - Dodge) 103 6 ... lh 5%92 93 | Anderson ... 20 2O
.414 .Chestnut <A. Ros») 106 8 ...10210210 10 U Kurtz: 50 40
• o€9 |Meada (Blanchl & Co.) 98 10 ... 11 11 11 11 Greenneld . 6 8
Time, :24%, :50,'l:13. At port 1 minute. Off at 3:03] Boland, place, 4-5: show, 1-2. Edro
dun, place, 5-2; chow, 1. Cassle, show, 5. Winner, b. g. by David Tenny-Ella Boland.
Trained by W. M. Balrd. Start bad. Won easily. Next three driving hard. Bonner
rode a clever race on winner. Edrodun a good mudder. So is Caseie. Golden Buck oft
badly. .Grenore showed some speed. So did A Lady. Meada no chance with the break.
TO5O. FOITRTH RACE — One mll« and fifty yards; selling; 3-year-olds up; value first, $325.
Index Horse and Owner. lWt!St. %. %. %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op. Cl.
76:13 Briers. 4 (H. E. Rowell) . . . . 104 4 6n81 35 13 1 3% Travers .... ' 3 9^2
«63S Wenrick, 3 (Dayton & Kahn).. 99 2 3n24 21 23 24 (Kunz 3 13-6
7638 Barrack, a (A. E. Barrett) 108 6 6 2%6 2 6 4 3 % 3 « .Sherwood .. 4 8
7C21 Bard Burne, « (O'Rourke) 107 1 1 % 1 1141 n 5 3 4 14 |McBride ... 2 2
7633 Homage, 8 (Stephenson) 95 9 7 % 7 4 6 2 U >i JS l»i|U Fountain 25 40
7C43 (Sugden. a (J. Sturgeon) 105 8 8 83 8473 64T. Stewart . 15 25
7565^1 Waterspout. 3 <R. A. Smith).. 96 7 46 41 44 4%73 Greenfield .. 20 40
7646 ISunny Shore, 4 (J. Dunn) 101 3 8 9 99 8%J Jones . 15 1(J
7341 |Hogarth, 3 <J. C. Turner) 96 5 2 1%5 % 7 V, 8 2 9 W. Knapp . 30 40
Time, :25, :49?i, 1:16%. 1:43%. 1:46%. At post % minute. Off at 3:28. Briera. place. 8-5; show,
.-10. Wenrick. place, 9-10; show, 2-6. Barrack, show, 6-5. Winner, b. m. by Perblalse-
Bramble Leaf. Trained by H. E. Rowell. Scratched — Scotsman. Start good. Won easily.
Balance driving. Just as Briers had been forgotten»£he revisited this sphere. Wenrick
had many admirers. Barrack ran a good race. Bard Burns quit at head of stretch. Oth
ers did not take to the going.
7051. • FIFTH RACE— One mile; purse; maidens, all ages; value to first. $325.
Index Horse and Owner. lWt!St. V».' %. %. 6tr. Fin. I Jockey. Op~ cT.
7607 DarVsome 3 (J. Touhey) 107 2 13 13 1 2»41~jj 1 2%iHelgeaen .. ~4 4
; 7t«)4 Downpatrick, 2 (Ryan Co)... 8S I' 2 1%2 h 2 h 2 H 2 %* W. Daly.'.. 2 16-6
7C22 Serenity. 3 (Dajton" &. Kahn) 103 5 « % 4 1%3 % 3 2 8 % 1C Miller... • u 8 10
7552 Tennyburn, 2. iMrs. Miller).. 91 8 4 % 5 1 4.1 4 1 4 5 Wiley 6 tt
7CW Charmel. 4 (R. E. Bridgett) . . 107 9 7 0 7 10 OS 6 8 *8 5 i *W; Jones.... 7-2 23-^
7629 B^krskln, 2 (Skinner & Co)... 92 4 3 n 6 5 ■■"5*2S'5 2 tf 8 *>.V. • Knapp 6 11-"
7547 Maxetta. 3 (J. J. Coalter)... 99 3 8 2 8 10 7.6' -Z 2 7- S ■ IMcllrlde ... 30 30
7607 Monla. 4 (L. H. Ezell) 107 7 9 9 8 8 & Barrett."!! 60 10O
7607 iTechnlque. 8 (J. F. Clifford).. 09 6 5 % 3 h Pulled up |R. Butler.. 30 100
Time— :26, :51, 1:17%, 1:44%. At post H minute. Off at 3:57. D-j-ksome,' place 7-5- show
7-10. Downpatrtck. place, 8-5: show, 4-5. Serenity, show, 8-6. Winner, br. g by Dare-^
. bln-Glcom. Trained by F. Merckel. Scratched—Ferryman. Start good Won easily
Second and third driving. Winner received the strongest ride. Dowhpatrlck did well'
Tennyburn away poorly. Charmel no account in the mud. Others outclassed.
7652. SIXTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; puree; three-year-oldn and up; 1st, $325.
Index! Horse and Owner. WtlSt. %. %. %. Str. Fin~ Jockey. Op! Cl!
76^5 Magrane. 3 (W. P. Magrane) 101 3 Inl%l%l2 14 J. Jones 6-5 6^5
7572 Padua, 8 (W. S. Price) 101 « 21 2122 22 2% Greenneld 6 5
7634 G. W. Trabern, 5 (Sumrs Co)107 5 4B45 3n32 37 1 Travers 11-5 lfr-5
7614 T. L Rohesla, 3 (Henshall)... 98 4 3 1%3 1^4 S 4 1 4 10 Kunz .. 6 8
7620 Colonel Anderson, 5 (McLghn) 102 2 62 53 54 65 65 McBrlde ." 15 30
7634 Ink, 4 (Lamasney Bros) 105 1 6 6 6 6 6 Watson .... 20 ' SO
Time— :25, :50. 1:16. 1:42. 1:49. At post % minute. Off at 4:21%. Magrane. place 9-20"
out show. Padua, place, 2- show, 4-5. Trahem. show. 1— i. ; Winn«r. br c by BaJrowan-I
Amelia May. Trained by W. P. Magrane. Scratched— Leila. Start good. Won in a cal
lop. Balance driving. Padua gave the winner an argument for a time G W Trahem
can break records one day and can't break a Dane of glass the next. The Lady Rohesia
showed a trace of speed. Colonel Anderson no mudder. ;'. : l
BEAUTIFUL. SACRED MUSIO
IS RENDERED IX TEMPLE
Fortieth Anniversary of Congregation
Ohabai Shalome Is Observed
With Impressive Service.
The fortieth anniversary of Congre
gation Ohabai Shalome was observed
last night at the handsome temple on
Bush street and will be continued this
morning.
The temple was most beautifully
decorated. Poinsettia and winter
greenery were everywhere and the
congregation was large and the choir
augmented for the occasion.
The singing never sounded better in
the temple and the hymns were those
which have all the melody of triumph,
Joy and thankfulness. Cantor Salo
mon rendered the sacred recitatives
and solos and the richness of the
voices of the choristers, together with
the grand strains of, the organ, as
sured a splendid interpretation of the
musical part of the service. Rabbi B.
M. Kaplan preached the sermon, in
which he dwelt on the event which
his listeners had assembled to observe.
AUDITING DEPARTMENT
WILL GO TO NEW YORK
Many Employes of Wells, Fargo .&
Co. \V5ll Leave on Special
Train To-Morrow.
The entire auditing department of
Wells. Fargo & Co.'s main- office in
this city will be removed to New York.
Clerks and accountants to the num
ber of 130 will board a special train
to-morrow for the trip to the Atlantic.
J. S. Bunnell, the company's auditor,
who has been in charge of the depart
ment In this city, will resume that po
sition when the office is organized in
New York. #
Already most of the books of the
department have been shipped to
Gotham. .The. offices were" closed last
night In order to give the men time
to pack up. ,It is expected that about
200 clefks more will follow in the
spring.
TRACK WASHED AWAY.
HEALDSBURG, Dec. 30.— The . heav
iest storm of the year is raging here to
day. It commenced ; yesterday, gradu
ally increasing in ■ fury. This morning
a • number of the highways were . com
pletely ; Inundated and , a piece of the
California Northwestern Railroad track
was washed away, delaying the "north
bound passenger train. '^ The Russian
River Is , at the highest mark "< it , has
reached in ten years.
RESIGNS AS EXECUTOR
OF THE W1LLEY ESTATE
Attorney Timothy J. Lyons Says All
Matters Requiring His Attention
.Have Been Settled.
Attorney Timothy J. Lyons has re
signed as executor of the will of the
late Charles Walter Willey and the
final settlement of the. affairs of de
cedent's estate is left in the hands of
Mrs. Louisa M. ■ Muirhead,' ; executrix
of and sole beneficiary under the will
of the testator. -*'-.
The final papers in<the Willey estate
were signed yesterday. ; 'Mrs. Muir
head has come into a handsome legacy
that. was left: her. by Charles Walter
Willey, a young man she had taken
into her home and aided Vhen he was
penniless and ill.' Young Willey finally
.inherited a small fortune - from the
estates* of his parents 'and when he
died his gratitude was made .known by
the terms of his will, _\vhich' 'made Mrs.
Muirhead his sole devisee.:. Under this
will Mrs. . "Mulrhead now - • receives
$4 5,000. ■ -. -• • y "
SAN JOSE GRAND JURY
RETURNS INDICTMENTS
True Bills Are Air Against Oakland
Promoter— Would Abolish
SlotMachiiics.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 30.— The Grand Jury
to-day , returned three indictments
against J. J. Smith of Oakland,
who promoted a corporation known
as the Altadena Mining Company.
One' indictment is for criminal
libel upon E. G. Northrup, who former
ly conducted a music house in this city.
The other two indictments against
Smith are f or obtalniriir money under
false pretense. ... •
The warrants were telegraphed to
Oakland and Smith was arrested there.
• The Grand Jury recommends that
the Board of Supervisors prohibit the
maintenance of slot machines paying
money, and the legislative representa
tives are requested'to secure the. pass
age of a general law on the subject^
BROWN BEAR AND; CUB
PAY VISIT TO UKIAH
UKIAH.Dec. 30.^-A large brown bear
and / cub : strolled Into ; ' the town this
morning and . ; frightened many
women arid children. :; -
This is- the first time a wild bear has
been seen* in this .valley for twenty-five
: years.: . Shouts of \ the'womeh and chil-.
dren frightened , the bears and they took
refuge on a hillside hear the city water-
OUTSIDER SLIPS
IN AT 40 TO 1
Gives the Tal-
Conies
: J;Tjirongh .in. First Eace
GOLD,' 30SE 1 QEiS * LEFT
The Mbeaten: Two-YeaivOld
-W Startr Witli Her
>.Eield and Has So Chance
..XpS.-ANGJSJJETS, Dec. 30.— The .suc
cess of ahorse'at 40 to 1 in the first
race arid the ! leaving"; at the ■ post ■ of
Gold Rose, the; unbeaten two-year-old,
in the fourth race, were the principal
feature's) at "^Ascot .to-day..' Whitestcne
upset > ajl by winning the
first at 40 to 1 from Sandstone, the fa
vorite,', with Retador third. /The win
ner opened at 15 to 1, but drifted back
to 40. Gold Rose, wheeled as the bar
rier-rose in 'the fourth,, and was left
fiatfooted. ' Tramator at 8 to 1 won the
race from El Otros, with Maggie-Mac
key third.' »• ' .;
• The ; steeplechase went to the favor
ite, Mrs. Grannan, Flea second and
Allegiance third. . Ballantyne fell at
the. first jump and Jockey McBrlde had
a narrow escape, as the horse turned a
complete summersault. Two favorites
won. Weather cloudy, track fact. Sum
mary: ■>:;• ':'ii ;
First rac«, five amTa. half furlongs—White
stone 110 (E. Walsh), 40 to 1. won; Sandstone
115 (Rennecamp), < even, second; Retador 112
(Tniebel). 7 to 1. third. .Time. 1:08. Revel,
Slnicado. Springleaf,, Del Coronado, Dipper
and C. P. Waterhouse also ran.
Second race. Belling, six furlongs — Rose of
Hllo 100 (Herbert), 4 to 1 won; Golden Ivy
91 (Morlarty), 7 to 1, second; Lady Mirthful
91 (McDanlel). 7 to 1," third. Time, l.-.Hfi.
Nagrusca. Anirad. Lauretta Phillips, Birdie
Stone. Mordente, 'Winlfreda, Declmo and Tlzen
also ran. < J , * 'J, . '*■.
Third race, handicap, steeplechase. short
course — Mrs. Grannon 158 (O. Rice), 7 to 5,
won; Flea 123 (Amos) 5 to 1, second; Alle
grlanco 143 (McMahon)," 8 to 1, third. Time,
3:07. Valldo. Graymorn and Colonel Bal
lantyne also ran.
Fourth race, handicap, for two-year-old».
Slauson course — Tramotor 98 (Miller). -8 to 1.
won; El Otros 103 (Hlldebrand). 3 to 1, sec
ond: Maggie Mackey 82 (McDanlel). 15 to 1,
third. Time. 1:09%. Gold Rosa and-Sports
man also ran.
Fifth race, selling, one mile and • seventy
yards— Merwan 108 (McDanlel), 8 to 5. won;
Helgerson 97 (Lawrence), 6 to 1. second; Luf
tig 95 (Perrlne), 8 to 1. third. Time. ,1:46.
Straggler, Canejo. Dutiful, McKee and Tan
glble also ran. ..'"■ •:
Sixth race, selling, six furlongs — Happy
Chappy 105 (Lawrence). 5 to 2 won; Ben Leer
110 (Hlldebrand) 5 to 2, second; Tam O'Shan
ter 110 (Toonaan), 7 to 1. third. Time, 1:14%.
Komombo. Dollie Welthoff and Dorlce also ran.
SAYS PRIESTS
ROB NATIVES
Ministers of the Eussian
Church Accused of Sharp
Practices by a Traveler
CHEMAWA, Or., Dec. 30. — That
the priests of the Russian church hold
the natives of the more remote Alas
kan regions in practical slavery Is the
story of Walter Story, an employe of
the Alaska Packing Company, who
has just come from Oreo, an out of
the way place on Prince William
Sound. The natives belong to the
Tetetluk tribe and few whites live in
the district.
, According to Story. . the priests of
the Russian church carry on a sys
tem of bleeding the natives out of
their money and furs, working all the
time upon the superstitious natures
of the aborigines until now they hold
them in abject terror.
Before a native can go on a hunt he
is told he must x secure the consent' of
the priest in charge of the mission, and
also must receive his blessing before
any success can result. ',:*";
. The consent and blessing cost money
or its equivalent. The priest, Story
says, gives them only when the native
agrees to deliver to the church 40 per
cent of the results of the hunt. For this
he receives the blessing while on the
hunt and upon his return.
TWO CHICAGO FIREMEN
.KILLED BY FALLING WALL
Meet^peath While Fighting Blaze in
Barns of the Union Traction
-. .■ Company.
CHICAGO, Dec. 30;— Fire to-night
, completely destroyed the repair barns
; of the Chicago Traction Company at
[ Fortieth 'street and Western avenue,
'entailing a- loss of $150,0Q0.~.
. Two firemen were killed, two others
and one spectator were injured by the
falling of a portion* of the wall. The
dead:
Captain Paul Dick.
Lieutenant John Pyne.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark., Dec. 30.— The
Cunningham milling plant and Little
RocK Furniture Manufacturing Com
pany, the latter owned - by Memphis
people, burned to-night. Loss, $150,000.
PREMIER TISZA WILL
APPEAL TO COUNTRY
Bitterest and Most Violent Election
Campaign Ever Seen hi Hungary
• Is Expected. '
BUDAPEST, Dee. 30.— All arrange
ments for thf dissolution of Parliament
have been completed, and v the mem
berB of the opposition at length realize
that Premier Tisza 'will carry out .his
purpose of appealing to. the country.
The Emperor .will arrive on Monday
and the>rnembers of Parliament will
go to the palace on Wednesday for the
final act of dissolution, the reading of
the speech from the throne by, Francis
Joseph. . Immediately afterward the
Government and opposition parties will
engage in what is confidently expected
to be the "* bitterest and ; most violent
election campaign ever seen : in Hun-'
gary. •
Eight Sons His Pallbearers.
- LOS ANGELES. Dec. 30. — James
Pierce, : whose eight sons are prominent
Libs Angeles' business men, died , here to
night.*: The'sbnSjWill act as pallbearers
at their, father's funeral.
BERGER PROVES
A POOR FIGHTER
Is Practically Defeated
; by Casey, a Boxer With
■ ;- No Pretension to Class
FMMaANIBEATS KEHOE
Bantam- Weight Shows More
and Hitting
Powers I Than Opponent
Big Jim Jeffries, the champion fight
er of the j world, can rest easily on his
laurels for a time, as one' of the sup
posed obstacles In his path has been
removed. The much touted Sam Ber
ger blew up with a resounding crash
in Mechanics' Pavilion last night when
he met Jim Casey, a boxer with no
pretensions whatever to class, In : a
four-round bout.
The two judges. Bob MacArthur of
the Olympic Club and Jimmy Lawler,
disagreed at the end of the four-round
bout and Referee Billy Roche, declined
to cast his vote in favor of either^man,
although, draws are not recognized In
amateur boxing. A draw was'^the "de
cision of the officials. The spectators
plainly showed what they thought the
decision should have been," standing
about the- ring- and- -cheering -Casey
while they had only Jeers for'Berger. "
The affair was a sorry exhibition of
glove work from start to finish^'.Ber
ger'a. blows lacked either direction or
force, while " Casey swung his, arms
around after the fashion of an old
Dutch -windmill. To the surprise of the
spectators, Casey was the -aggressor
from the start. He went after. Berger
at the tap of the gong and early In the
round staggered him with one of his
wild left swings that landed on- Ber
ger's head. Berger's seconds tried to
get him tojuse his left, but he seemed
to have no control over his blows.
HEAVY-WEIGHTS ARE '.SLOW.
Both men were slow on their feet and
devoted much of their time to wrest
ling about the ring. Berger's nose (.om
menced to bleed in the first round, and
throughout the fight he presented any
thing but a prepossessing appearance.
Casey was after him again in the sec
ond round and had the best ot a'slug
ging match. Berger'sent a left to the
he*ad,' but Casey came back with two
hard rights to the body. Berger was
holding continually to avoid punish
ment. Berger missed one chance for a*
right cross that was so palpable to the
spectators that they Jeered him for his
lack of ability to take advantage of
the opening. Near the ■ end of ■ the
round. Casey walked, Into a hard, right
to the head, -but it did not seem to
hurt him. ' -
Casey had all the best of the third
round, Berger contenting himself with
hanging on and wrestling, while the
crowd hooted him for his unfair tac
tics. When they came up for the fourth
and last round Berger offered to shake
hands, but Casey was too much in the
fighting mood for any such civility.
He struck Berger as he approached
him and then went after him at his
top speed. Casey missed a desperate
right swing to the head, but later on
made connections with a hard right
to the body. Berger continued his hold
ing tactics, while Casey used all the
limited knowledge of fighting he pos
sesses, to try to land an effective blow.
The men did not hear the gong which
signaled the end "of the bout; but kept
on fighting for several seconds.
BERGER SHOWS NO CLASS.
If Berger is wise he will not hook up
with KidsMcCoy or any other'profes
sional, as his showing last night does
not fill out the predictions of his
friends. v'iTi
Young Corbett and Jimmy Bntt
were introduced and each was given a
'cordial reception.
George FInnegan defeated Eddie Ke
hoe on points after four round's full of
clean hitting. Finnegan showed more
experience than his young opponent
and also proved a harder hitter. Kehoe
was knocked down in the fourth round
with a snappy left to the head. T He
was up in an instant and at it again.
For the greater part of the fight each
man seemed intent on landing a knock
out blow. The fight was by far the
best of the night.
The. gallery was crowded almost to its
capacity, the rows of spectators reach
ing down to the Polk-street end of the
Pavilion. The main floor was also well
filled, indicating that amateurism" has
Its golden rewards as well as the pro
fessional branch of the sport.
Harry Baker and Ralph Bullet, a
pair of sprightly bantams, were the
first to perform. Baker jabbed Bullet
on the nose until he was painted a rich
carmine down, to | his "waist line. Tlie
decision went to Baker on points.
Danny Cole might be a success as a
day laborer, but nature never Intended
him for a fighter. He lasted two rounds
with Alex McDonald and showed a bad
case of stage fright." After he had beeu
knocked down twice his seconds threw
up the sponge. He did not know how
to hit and could not land a blow on his
opponent.
SPECTATORS JEER AT JUDGES.
Jack O'Brien did all the fighting in
his bout with Bob Ritchie, but the
sympathies of the spectators were with
the latter. They jeered the decision
of the judges. The demonstration last
ed several minutes.
Mike Synfy failed to appear for hl3
fight with Bob Cairns and John Mc-
Ginty was substituted. The latter was
in no condition. In the third round
Cairns landed a blow to the body. Mc-
Ginty went down and feigned that he
had been knocked out. He .writhed
around on the mat while nine was be
ing counted. After the fight was
awarded to Cairns McGinty pretended
he wanted to go on, but his looks were
not in keeping with his brave talk.
He « was well pleased to get out of the
affair" as easily as he did. ■
-'\ The second round of the fight be
tween Jim Fox and George Murray
was an exciting encounter. They
slugged from the start, Fox "doing the
cleaner hitting! He finally sent Mur
ray to • the , mat with • repeated rights
and lefts to, the Jaw! Murray went
down, linder, the onslaught and seemed
all out.- He '.was game and got to his
CORRIGAN SAYS
THE WAR IS ON
Nnstev of HaTvthome Buys
Shares in Xew Orleans
Track and. Gets Backing
AWAIT KIVAL'S ACTIOX
Chicago Man Ayers Sport
Will Commence Soon and
Continue Through Winter
CHICAGO, Dec. M.— Ed Corrlgan re
turned .to Chicago to-day from New
Orleans, where he has been for th« past
two weeks looking after th« Interests
of the New Orleans -Jockey Club. Cor
rlgan'said- he has' bought many shares
In the new track and' that everything
Is In shape to' begin racing within four
orjQya' flays. .
" 'T-hava' not had jany word from Mr.
D.evereanx "^ sine* I saw him h«r« la
Chicago two weeks ago," said Corrl
gan. "But he will be here January 3.
with other, turf men who are-dissatis
fied" with the allotment of dates mads
by. tb,e Western Jockey Club at tha last
meeting.
, "We. will 'do nothing now until we
see, what the Western governing body
will do at Its next meeting, on Janu
ary 3. ; It is well known by the stewards
that'a number of track owner* have
grievances, and we will wait to see
whethe'r there is any readjustment of
datea. If there Is not, I am confident
some -action will be taken toward the
running of Independent tracks.
\ "At New Orleans the track Is In shape
to start racing by the first of the year,
and I will say there will be racing there
this winter, no matter what the action
of the stewards will be at tha meeting
on January 3."
RICH STRIKE MADE
. . IN TOXOPAH DISTRICT
Miners Rushing to Undeveloped Por
tion of the Region, Where Rich
Ore Is Found.
RENO, Dec. 30. — One of the* most sen
sational strikes of the Tonopah mining
district was made early this week by a
prospector a few miles from Revllee,
Nev. The ore is free milling and the
assays average $500 per ton. Th» ledge
Is several feet wide and, although tha
claim is still undeveloped. It promises
to be oae of the richest in Southern
Nevada.
The strike was made In an unde
veloped portion of the Tonopah mining
district and many prospectors and for
tune seekers are now rushing to tha
place for the purpose of staking out
claims. ,
GERMAN* EMPRESS
HAS . A CLOSE , CA LL
Reckless Truck Driver Almost Sends
Ills Team Into Her
Carriage.
BERLIN, Dec. 30.— A reckless driver
of a heavy truck came near running;
down the carriage of Empress Augusta
Victoria to-night. He drove toward
the station at full speed, through the
police lines and directly toward the
carriage of the Empress. The officers
barely succeeded in averting . a col
lision. The driver violently resisted
arrest.
feet only to receive additional punish
ment about the body. He was ex
hausted and went down again and was
counted out.
BRITT AFTER JABEZ WHITE.
Will Not Consider a Match With Lewis
Until the Other Affair Is Settled. '
Willie Lewis will have to wait some
time before he can hope to get a match
with Jimmy Britt. In the first place
Lewis is not considered a drawing card
as he has been beaten easily, in two
rounds by Rufe Turner while Jimmy
Gardner also defeated him.
Britt is anxious to fight Jabez White,
the English boxer. The latter does jio.t
class with Britt, according to reliable
reports, but the glamour of an inter
national match is expected to result in
attracting a large attendance.
Britt Is wining. to' try conclusions with
White, but.he.wants the match .decided
in this city. The gate re<?eipts will be
larger here than In any other part of
the. world under the present conditions
of the "sport.. ;
BATTLING NELSON PLANS
1 ; r 'AX EXTENDED VACATION
Great Danejrt'lll Take a Needed Rest
Before He . Signs Up for
. ,,nAnother Fight.
Battling Nelson is planning to make
a getaway to the woods for an extend
ed hunting trip. The great Dane has
evidently tired. of the glare and glit
ter of the tenderloin and awakened to
the fact that a butterfly existence will
not make, a real champion out of him.
;Hp will start In a few days for the
mountains, there to hunt wild animals
and try to forget about soubrettes arid
nine-ounce gloves for the time being."
Teddy Murphy stated last night that
his charge was in perfect physical con
dition and tlaaf he was not a lad who.
went the pace and tried to be the
main parader of O'Farrell street.
Murphy says he will leave for the East
in a few days, but would join Nelson
as soon as the latter has rested up
and feel in a humor to take on soma
good man.
The Dane has no definite plan -of
action outlined, but he will probably
be signed to meet some one here in
February. It may : be Corbett or It
may be Britt once again. Murphy
says he will continue to manage Britt
just as though nothing had happened."
TROUBLES OF THE FISH
FAMILY.
A Little Look at the Real Inside
Home Life.
INrNEXT SUNDAY'S
COMIC SECTION.
1112
FRBB-A TIN OF LIBBY'S HOME-MADE PLUM PUDDING FREE
Address Coir.niunic—tlcns to
JOHN' McXACGHT
W. J."~MAKT1X.. . Jiusiiuss Jlaiia^cr
TELErHONE.
As_ fcr THE CALL. TS« Operator Will Cos-
uect Yea With tne Department W-i Vt Irn. ,
Publication Office Market and Third. S. F.
E^tcriil Kocn.*....______to r_l Stevensoa s_
I>ellver«4 by Carriers. X> Cts. Per ;*>«*• 73
Ct«. Ftr llcnth. Single Cc;)ie» 0 CW.
Term* by Mali. lr.c!udin K Postage (Cash VHW
Order) : ._ „«
DAILY CALL (Inelud. Sunday). 1 year...*_-w
DAILY CALL unclud. Bandar). <* mos... » ; w
DAILY CALJ — By t-in.'.e Uonth •£-
EUKDAT CALL. 1 Tear, fi>
WEEKLY CALL 1 ycr .^. »"••-££
FOREIGN i^V-'VlS Per Year Kxtra
POSTAGE. } lm Per Year Extra
ALL PCSTWASTEK3 ARE AUTHORIZED
TO IlECEIVi: SUBSCRIPTIONS.
C&iEPle Cobles will be forwarded wh*o re-
quested. ■ . '' ,
Mall s_b__rfbers in ordering change °iJ??t
Aresa _boul_ be p*rUcul_r to give both IfEW
AXU OLD ADDSESS la order to insure a
prodsit and correct compliance with tneir re-
fiuest
OAKLAND OFFICE:
J018 Broadway Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE 1
tiiS Center Street Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT :
•AMUEL W. WALL *"<>•* Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waidorf -Astoria Hotel; A. Brenta.no. 31
TTnion Bcuare; Murray Hill Hotel; Flfth-avenua
Hotel axd Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.: £!??*
Xorthem Hotel; Treinont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGXESS. Marquetts Building.
<Long Distance TOyhone. "Central 2619. >
NEW YOKE P^EPRESENTATTVB:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAP.LTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of tho San Francisco Call.
comer Market and Third streets: open until
12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
1008 Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. m.
627 Montgomery street corner Clar: open until
8:30 p. in.
800 Hayes street; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
K39 McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m.
C15 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
It»41 Mission street: open until 10 p. m..
10«J Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1CSK5 Valencia etreet: open until y p. in.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore 6tre»t: open until 9 p. m.
MEETING KOTICES. «_
Z^AST M_st,ers' Association of Califor- II
nla, F. and A. M. — Regular monthly A
meeting THIS (SATURDAY) EVEN- JQv
ING at 6 o'clock. V=s?
H. J. OWEN. Secretary.
A NICHT in Auld Scotland.— The S. . «■ v.
F. Scottish Thistle Club will hold ZjV, QtOiJ
their twenty-third annual Hogma- W*_«f
nay Supper and Ball SATURDAY "%=_?*
EVENING, December 31. at Lyric Hall. 119
Eddy et. A gala time to all. Grand inarch
£:«(> p. m., eupper 11:15 p. m. Admission
$1 50 each. Hat and cloak room for guests.
GEO. W. PATERSON, Royal Chief.
A. E. CARLISLE. Recorder.
BT. .ANDREWS Society— Rev. Wll- v C?N
Main Kirk Guthrie. chaplain of the 3\ C&Y/2
soci'ty. will deliver a special ad- ~VkXx£
<JrcES at 7:30 SUNDAY EVENING. *«_?«
January 1. UH^. in the First Presbyterian
Church, corner Van Ness ave. and Sacra-
nur.u> st.; all Scottish pecple are cordially
lnvfted.
CLAN FRASER No. 7S — Clansmen h<*
are requested to attend the funeral l^ol
Of our !ato c'.Er.smar.. MALCOLM »?gj yj~l
C. FERGUSON, on SUNDAY. Jan.
1. from the funeral parlors of Hal- JpJIr
eted & Co.. Mission st., near Fifth. " 3
See Sunday morning papers for time of
funeral.
THE California Debris Commission, having
received applications to mine by hydraulic
process from B. G. Smith and S. H. Robin-
ton, in Celtic and Monterey gravel mine, at
Columbia, Tuolumne County, Cal., draining
Into Mormon Creek, which reaches Stanis-
laus River; from J. F. Schlndler, In Council
Hill mine, near Scales. Sierra County, Cal..
<5rainirc into Rock Creek, which reaches
Yuba River; from J. B. Stewart, in Stewart
mine, near Oleta, Amador County. Cal..
draining into Indian Creek, "which reaches
Consumnes River: from W. and G. W. Car-
penter and Vic Henderson, In Independence
hydraulic mine, near Iowa Hill. Placer
County, Cal.. draining into Independence-
Creek, which reaches North Fork of Ameri-
can River; from Gold Top Mining Co., In
Orchard placer mine, near Pine Grove, Am-
edor County. Cal., draining into Jackson
Creek, which reaches Mokelumne River, and
from Victor, Frank and Joseph Dondero. In
Geld Nugget mine, near Columbia, Tuolumne
County. Cal.. draining into Woods Creek.
«rhich reaches Tuolumne River, gives notice
that a meeting to reoelve any protests will
be held at room 68. Flood building. San
* Francisco, Cal.. Jan. P, 1905. at 1:30 p. m.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by hydraulic pro-
cess fro— 1 Winr K»e. In American Hydraulic
mine, near Port Wine. Sierra County, Cal.,
dratnlni? into Morristown Ravine, thence Into
Yuba River; from Jerry Curtis. In Forest
Grove mine, near Johnsville. Plumas County.
Cal.. draining into East Nelson Cre«k. which
1— ach^s Feather River; from North Star Min-
ing Company in Loncell Placer mine, near
Mokelumne Hill. Calaveras County. Cal..
draining into Rich Gulch, which reaches
Calaveras River; and from J. A. Hartm&n,
In Cluyten Ranch Ravin* mine, near Forbes-
town. Yuba County. Cal.. draining Into Dry
Creek, which reaches Yuba River, gives no-
tice that a meeting to receive any protests
will be held at room 68. Flood building,
San Francisco, Cal.. January 16, 1905. at
1:30 p. m.
AXNUAL MEETING — The annusl meeting of
th* stockholders of the Spring Valley Water
Company will be held et the office of the
company. 126 Stockton et.. at 12 o'clock,
noon, on WEDNESDAY, the 11th day of
January. 15MJ^ fcr the election of directors
to serve for nhe ensuing year and for the
transaction of euch other business as may
come befor* the meeting.
PELHAM W. AMES. Secretary.
SITE eencal meeting of the stockholder! of
the Nevada National Bank of San Fran-
cisco. Cat., will b* held at Its banking-
house, SOJL Montgomery St.. San Francisco,
Cal.. en TUESDAY. January 10. 1903.
et 8:15 p. m.. for the election of directors to
*erre Curing the cnsuir.g year, and for th»
tranzactlon cf euch other business ae may
ccme before the treating. „.-,-'■
GEO. GRANT. Secretary.
TVf»Tnri»r 1ft IBM.
ATTOBSTEYS-AT-I-ft.W.
A FRAUDULENT divorce is dear at $12 and
It no eocd: for 22 years I've msa> divorces
m epeci-lty; Quick, quiet; no money needed;
no pay unless divorce is granted; perfectly
rel'.&ble; lowest fees; advise free; collections
tr.ece. G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market ft
R. W. KING. Attorney-at-latr, Bxam. bid*..
fith floor: entrance room 611; established 20
years: dl courts, general \ court and office '
practice: no fees In advance or for consulta-
tion: evening by appointment Tel. Red 3501.
AA — Divorce: costs $12: quick. qulef.ad— ice free;
all law business: no charge unless success-
ful; cpen evenlr.es. 027 Market at, room 301.
ADVICE free; divorce costs $12; no fees or
costs in advance; all law business; offlce
r>pen Saturday evenings. 619 Market st. r. 33.
JOKS' GTJIDERY. attorney-at-law, rocm* 3
and 4. 240 Montgomery Et. ; phone Red 6617.
1_ S. CLAPvK. f>27 Market room 304; consulU-
tion frfre; no fcey In advance: open evenings.
ASTHMA CTTBE.
Dl NGLA'S Afthrna Remedy relieve* Instantly;
10c 25c 50c. 1602 Market. St Nicholas.
■ ti»o Wliihart. 10th and Washington. Oakland
_AtrTOMOBI_,ES.
A FIXE eutorsobilefor sale In first -class run-
ning order. Address bcx 1C95. Call of_ce.
so AKJnrfl r ok CEaaaeir .
WANTS to take care of an Infant; good care.
£S2 Turk zt.. MRS. WEBBR. .
CEEDIT CXOTHXEBS.
C F ADAMS CO.. 318 Maeoa St.— Clothing
''or every body from hat to shoes: you can get
what j-ou want from u» ar.d have It charged.
C&OTBJgQJSEyOVATraP.
_-i'tt<; r leaned ar.d pressed, $1; scouring and
? Vi5n_ r Bon Marche. Zxamlner bldg.. r. 410;
, ibonforumm 4*. Call for and deliver free. ,
TOSZ^SS^CjBAXTCSS.
A $1000; BAKERY and confectionery, estab-
lished many yean, baking 7 barrels per day;
0 hornes. wagons and buggy: one of the best
nl this city. See R. G. WlLKE. 26'^ Kearny.
A— $330; well established r*al estate offlce In
Nupa Co.; efaco dolnr a good business; has
valuable contracts ; clearing about $150; par-
ticulars. R. G. WlLKE. -JG\j Kearny st
A — iT'U; HALF Interest ia manufacturing bus!-
ne»n, established l'i years; partner can clear
$150 easy Der month; rare chance. K. U.
V.1LKE. 20 y, Kearny st "
A— JK-OO; tea and co3ee store, crockery, eto.; 1
(•tab. years; stock involcs to about $2600;
o'-vctr cnK*c<<3d In business In Arizona; must
sacrifice. Particulars R. G. WlLKE, 2tJK
Kearny st
A — $500; HARDWARE. locksmith and electri-
cal-repair shop; established . 25 years; best
location. Particulars It. G. WlLKE. 26%
Ktarny.
A— $1800: SALOON on water front dose to
Market st; net rent $120: place established
many years and known &s a good paying
business. See K. G. WlLKE. 26^ Kearny.
A— JSCO; BAKERY with delicatessen store. Ice-
cream parlor; In very best location; will b*
sacrificed: owner must leave at once for New
Tork; rtnt $20. Call R. G. WILKJQ, .6ft
Kearny «t
A— $3500; LIQUOR store, with 5 years' lease:
$2000 stock .guaranteed; 1 block north of
Market; a very, rare chance. Call on JR. G.
WlLKE. 26 tt Ke-rny »t
A—S1S00; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon;
dally receipts $50; rent $80; lcas«; place lo-
cated close to Market and a good business.
Call on R. Q. WlLKE. 26^ Kearny at
A— $1200; OLD-ESTAB. dyeing and cleaning
works; 3 horses; 4 wagona; net rent $20;
plaoe estab. for many years and has a large
patronage;, a good paying business. Call on
R. O. WILXE. 26 H Kearny at
A— $1000; HOTEL; a flrst-clasa paying bar; 14
rooms, dining-room and kitchen, with 5-year
leaae; close to carhouse and other factories.
, See R. Q. WILKB. 26% Kearny at
A — $1800; RESTAURANT for sale, in the best
mining town In the State of Nevada; daily
receipts, $l£0; opposite the round house; no
better paying proposition in Nevada. Partic-
ulars R. G. WlLKE. 26% Kearny st .
$600— WILL* take partner in a good paying,
nicely furnished coffee parlor and restau-
rant; lease; or owner will aell for $1100;
part on time. See R. G. WlLKE. 26%
Kearny at
A— $7000; BAKERY, one of the best in city;
monthly sales $6000; splendid chance for two
partners; not all cash necessary. Particulars
s*e R. G. WlLKE. 26% Kearny at
A— $2500; HOTEL in Sonoma Co.; 20 furn.
rooms; dining and bar room, bus, 2 horses,
cow. etc.. and 7 acres of land; 5 years' lease;
rent $50. or owner will sell whole property
for $12,000. Particulars R. G. WlLKE. 28%
Kearnr st *
A— $1750; CORNER grocery and bar, with S
living rooms, on Sacramento st; 4% years
lease; rent $45; the very best location. See
R. G. WlLKE. 26% Kearny st _£_;
$550— RESTAURANT; very best location; rent
$60; close to Kearny and Bush; good-paying
investment; investigate. Call on R. G.
WlLKE. 20% Kearny st »
A— $2350- COAL, wood, 'hay and grain busi-
ness; 3 horses. 3 wagona; net rent $31;
placo established years; very best loca-
tion; a good cash business. See R. G.
WlLKE. 26% Kearny st ' /
A — $800; CORNER • saloon In wholesale dis-
trict; no night or Sunday work; saloon es-
tab. 20 yeara and known aa a good busl-
ness. See R. O. WlLKE. 26% Kearny at
A— $2450: CORNER grocery and bar; 8 years'
lease; rent $40; store doing large cash busi-
ness; location can't be beat; value In sight.
See R. G. WlLKE. 26% Kearny st
A— $2600; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; one
block from Examiner building; place estab-
lished years; doing a flrst-class business;
about $70 per day. Particulars see R. G.
WlLKE. 26% Kearny st
A — $3500; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
tt; rent $60; living rooms; 6tock will In-
voice about $2S00; a well established and
first-class paying business. See R. G.
WlLKE. 26% Kearny st
A— CAMERON St CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
For sale — Well-furnished and equipped country
hotel: 69 rooms; rent only $150; 10-year
lease: newly painted and renovated through-
out; about 60 miles from S. F. ; fine, grow-
ing town; tresent owner made fortune and
wants to retire. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
Flrst-class saloon downtown: 2 blocks from
Market st; rent $75; well fitted up; receipts
$18 to $25 per day; must be sold on account
of other business; price. $1600. CAMERON
& CO.
First-class short-order restaurant, downtown:
fittings new and up-to-date; receipts $75 to
80 per day; fine opportunity to get Al prop-
osition reasonable; beet of reason for sell-
Ing. CAMERON & CO.
For eale — First-class bazaar and cigar busi-
ness; Al location, long lease, cheap rent;
fixtures and store up-to-date; established 17
years; fine new stock of goods: has never
changed hands; now clearing $350 and over
per month; beat reason for selling; an op-
portunity of a lifetime. SEE CAMERON &
CO.
Harness and aaddlery shop, well located: rent
$12; well stocked; fine wax machine; all
bench tools; everything goes; price, $1000;
more than value in sight; retiring from
business. CAMERON & CO.
Here la an opportunity of getting one of the
best groceries and bars in city; fine transfer
comer; downtown and doing big business)
cheap rent; 5 years' lease; receipts average
$1800 to ' $2000 per month; never changed
hands; best of reasons for selling. CAMER-
ON & CO.
Exchanges .made In all klnda of real estate,
rooming-house and business chances. CAME—'
RON & CO.. 8 Eddy st
For sale — Sever*! good business propositions
for Investors, such as cigar stores, groceries
and bars, bakeries, furnishing goods, mer-
chandise, country hotels, restaurants and
many other prososltlons tooi numerous to
mention; would be pleased to have you call
and Inspect our list CAMERON it. CO.. 3
Eddy at
For sale — First-class downtown elgar store:
doing good business, but disagreement of
partners cause cf sale. CAMERON & CO.
FOR sale on royalty basis, selling rights in
ten Pacific Coast States — Valuable inven-
tion; absolute necessity in every household:
fairly well Introduced in this city; estimated
yearly business In California over $2O0,0C0;
good Investment. Box 3712. Call offlce.
FOR sale — Printing business; best opportunity
In California: established 15 years; party
applying must have $2300 to $3000: selling
on account of other business. Box 1585,
Call office. "
BRANCH bakery and variety store; large
barn; full value in sight; best locality across
the bay; this is a genuine offer. For full
particulars call HANSEN & LES8, 1108
Webster St.. Oakland.
CIGAR stand for sale; reasonable. Apply 81
Fourth et ,';:- r :.
STEAM laundry for sale In a . large coast
town; the only steam laundry In town; the
plant in flrst-claes condition. Address box
3723, Call office. %
A LADY'S and gent's tailoring establishment
cleaning and dyeing, for sale; business well
established and In a fine location. Address
for particulars, box 3C9C, Call offlce.
$200 — ACTIVE man wanted as partner to do
plain, light work; sure profit of $75 to each
j per month. Apply 632 Market et, room 6.
CHEAP — Account of sickness; for sale, good-
paying restaurant. Call at once, 2045 Fol-
som st.
RESTAURANT and delicatessen store for sale,
situated in good business location. Box '
3&01. Call office.
WANTED — A good • hotel. ■ city or country:
country, preferred; state price and full par-
ticulars. Box 3101. Call offlce.
GROCERY and delicacy cheap; easy terms: or
would take reliable partner. Call at 1208
Jackson rt.
S100 — GOOD business; man or woman. Box
. 8724. Call offlce. '
MAGNIFICENT opportunity for party " with
$1000 to double same. Box 3679. Call offlce.
LAUNDRY route; good horse and wagon; $300.
Inquire bet. 8 and C. - 3372 Mission st.
FOR sale, or will take partner, saloon and 15
room*; last chance. 212 East st.
CIGAR stand for sale. 468 Seventh st Oak-
land. -
SNAP — $500; good laundry route for sale; full
Investigation. Box 3703. Call offlce.
SALOON for sale; $2500. Box 8705. Call.
TO meet man with small capital . to operate
. neTr insurance scheme. , Box 2715. Call office.
FOR sale— Good restaurant; at once. 141- East
• street. . ___. -.""
WANTED-^To buy a corner grocery and bar;
atat« pries asked. Address box 1200, Call.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL", SATURDAY, DECEMBER 31; 1904.
F. A. BROOKBANK. ■.
BUSINESS AGENT.
817 Market St., between Fifth and Slxth.^
5350 AND services Mcure an Interest In old-
estab offlce and commission business clear-
ing $L*GO to $250 mo.; no experience required;
party must be sob«r and reliable and furnish
cood references, as same will be tendered
him. Particulars with BROOKBANK.
$125 — PARTNER for restaurant on water
front; clearing $T5 to each monthly; no night
or Sunday work. See BROOKBANK. _
A BAZAAH and stationery store as a whola
or part: or fixtures alone: to suit purchaser;
good location; 4 living rooms. 1915 Fillmore.
WELL- PAYING meat market for Bale; butcher
rem-lr.s with buy«r. Box 3S34,_Call office.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at IOCS Market Bt., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
IiODGHTG-HOTTSES
A-^CAMEROlT^CO.— — Phone South 1060
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses. Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
Beautiful new building; grand ' entrance;
el.ctrio elevator, lights; eteam heat: 60 light
and sunny rooms, elegantly furnished; -pa«ious
halls; draperies and fittings of the bejt; vhere
you can have an exquisite home besides clear-
ing $300 per month above all expenses; close
In: cheap rent and long lease; this house Is
always full of beat people; sickness causes
sale; exclusively with us.
Rare chance to get choice 7 room flat: rent.
Including garbage and Janitor servloe, $40 p«r
month- furnished in mahogany and oak; best
body Brussels carpets; new 1 year and cost
$800 to furnish; will sell for $430 on account
of leaving city. _• •-
Choice 80-room downtown European hotel:
strictly first class and thoroughly respectable:
every equipment; modern and up to date; al-
ways full and clears $350 to $400 per month;
! best reasons for selling; with us exclusively.
You can't beat this beautifully furnished,
100-room downtown housa; carpets, furniture
and draperies of the very best; electric lights,
steam heat; In fact, everything modern and
up to date; long lease; cheap rent; owner leav-
ing city.
20 rooms; good location on Howard st. ; rent
only $60: good furniture; new carpets; nice
and clean and paying well; $500 down, bal-
ance out of house; price $1000.
Here la 16 good rooms, close In. with 3
rooms not furnished, but are all full and pays
$50 per month above all expenses; owner tak-
ing larger house; price $1050.
Here Is a nice little home of 12 well-fur
nlshed rooms; rent only $60; where you can
clear $50 per month and have 2 best rooms;
Van Ness ave.; only $850.
This Is a fine opportunity for some one with
$1000 cash to get 26 rooms well furnished in
oak and cherry; everything In flrst-class shape
and clears $85 above all expenses; leaves 3
rooms for landlady; balance can be paid out
of house. ______
Grand, new, modern apartment-house 1 beau-
tiful building: elegantly furnished; good long
lease with cheap rent; only 15 minutes' walk
from Kearny st.; has 180 rooms and pays $50o
to $600 per month; always full; best class of
people; a bargain can be had if taken at once.
Nice little house of 10 rooms, with good fur-
niture and carpets: rent only $65; must dis-
pose text ten days; make offer.
Flrst-class Investment where you can earn
$2400 per year on expenditure of $450a in 46
rooTi house: rent only $125 per month; choice
location on Sutter st. ; always full; best of oak
furniture; good carpets; sickness only reason
for selling.
Swell family hotel on Sutter st; beautifully
furnished; always full; there are 80 rooms,
rent only $425; obliged to leave city; will be
sold at half cost to furnish.
Big snap; 31-room apartment-bouse; rent
only $4 per room; well furnished and clearing
$90 per month; will only take $550 cash, bal-
ance time; price $050.
14-room house, furnished In. oak and mahog
any; good carpets; flrst-class location; all full
and clearing nice little salary every month;
you cau get it for $600 cash.
Beautifully furnished 6-room • modern flat;
new 6 months ago: rent only $25; fine location;
coat over $900; to be sold for $400; departure.
High-grade family hotel on the hill; ele-
gantly furnished; has 80 light and sunny
rooms; always full and clears a fine Income,
but sickness Is only cause for being on the
market; good chance for some one to get pay-
Ing Investment at sacrifice, j
16 rooms well located on Eddy st.: rent only
$63:' oak and cherry furniture: clears $75;
leaves 3 best rooms for landlady; everything
first-class condition; here is a fine home com
blned with nice little business; part down, bal-
ance as you make it.
70-room country hotel: best Interior town In
State; barroom. 2 dining-rooms and 5-room
cottage besides; rent $100 per month; can get
10 years' lease; brick building; everything fine
condition; fine business proposition.
We have a number of special bargains In
flats of 6 to 10 rooms, new and modern; can
be had for less than half cost to furnish; must
be eold. either account of sickness* or de-
parture.
Have large list of real estate, hotels. room-
Ing houses and business chances for exchange
or trade always on hand. ■ *
A. CAMERON & CO.. 8 Eddy st.
FOR sale—^Lodging and boarding house and 19
sunny rooms; electric lights; reasonable. 121
Dmmm st.
10 ROOMS and bath, cheap; good location; low
rent; income. 817 Post at.
28 .ROOMS; sunny corner; light; rent $50;
■water free; lease. Afternoons. 281 Second.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1003 Market at., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
Soomlng-HonHei and Hotels Por Sale.
H. C. DECKER 906 MARKET ST.
H. C. DECKER PHONE JOHN 831.
SQUARE DEALING — CLEAR TITLES.
Over 23 years selling houses In this city.
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
See the Following Baxgalns: v ~"~-
20 rooms; transient $850
66 rooms; v new; fine ; . . 7500
14 rooms;'only $350 cash :. '750
190 rooms; apartments; clears $600....... 9500
15 Rooms — Corner.
-n Clears $100. Owner Sick. ,
In Hospital. Must Sell. (
Make Offer. See This Bargain
At Once. l ;'.,'■'
60- Room Country Hotel, $3000.
19 rooms; rent $75;. only $250 cash..... $7B0
24 rooms; all light and sunny; rent $60. 1400
20 rooms: Market St.; snap. ............ 2500
25 rooms; up-to-date hotel; swell location 3200
10-room house; new furniture ..'600
27-room house on Post st 2000
8 rooms; sunny comer: N. of Market st. 400
100 rooms; always rented: clears $400.... 8500 .
108 rooms: apartment: clears $400 a mo. .• 8000 I
H. C. DECKER, 906 Market st., cor. Stockton
I.ODGING-HOUSES WA3TTEP. ~
WANTED—A lodging house of about 20 rooms: |
furniture must be In good condition and rent
reasonable: statn full particulars. Box 3390,
Call office: no agents.
CARPET BEaAnQ J^g°^JTiBAMTHQ.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal;
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at shop; prices moderate. S.F. Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Co.. 308 ■ Market : St.;
phones Main .132 and Bush 479.--. * .
WHEN you become dUgusted ; with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing works. 355 -357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1S09 Har-
rison St.; Al cleaning. 3c. FRED HAGE-
DORN & CO.; phone Mission 225. ;
MICHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth st. — Flrst-claes
carpet cleanfhg, ,3c yard. Tel. Mission 74. .
ADVANCE. Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
: tel. Main 394. , GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet -beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 2t*l.,
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 10 pages, sent to any address in the
, United ■ States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. . -*-• - \ •.-.■-.
■_
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. ; Pacific Collection . Co.. 415
Montgomery.; st.. ; rooms 9 -10.". Tel." Main 5580.
DBESSMAKEBSAKI) SEAMSTRESSES.
, MCDOWELL Dressmaking 1 *: MlIHnery~Schoo£^
.Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. s 1019 Mkt.
Accordion,^ sunburst : and knife* pleating.- Stew-'
art's button and buttonhole factory.HOVTaylor.;
_^
A— EXTRAORDINARY OPPORTUNITY I
' ' ; - To Consult • • ' ■
RICHARD MAYO :
At Reduced Charges. .
Complete clairvoyant readings 50c this week"."
No charge unless satisfactory.
You can be the Judsre.
■ At a glance, before -you have a chance to
utter one word, he will tell you what you
came for and what you want to know. He
will tell you your name, your age, occupa-
tion. His descriptions' of your friends and
J enemies are as real as though they . stood
before you. ■ < -
LOVE. COURTSHIP AND MARRIAGE.
Gives truthful revelation of all love affairs.
3 troubles, marriages, restores lost affections,
reunites the separated, settles lovers' quarrels.
TELLS YOU WHEN AND
WHOM YOU WILL MARRY.
And how to WIN the man or woman you
love, and how to make your husband or wife
be true to you, and how to overcome all
your enemies and how to make a person at
a distance think of you. and how to DE-
VELOP PERSONAL MAGNETISM. THE
KEY TO ALL SUCCESS.
Permanently located. Thoroughly reliable.
Ellis st. — 121A— Ellis st. .
Hours — 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. • Private flat.'
MME. M. BERNARD, the famous clairvoyant
and business medium reads your life cor-
rectly, gives accurate description of the past.
present and future; greatest living adviser on
all affairs in life; never failed to give satis-
f action: 26o up. 17 Third St., next Examiner.
LIVINGSTONS.
For reliable clairvoyant reading consult - -
LIVINGSTONE.
26& Kearny it.
I6MAR, Egyptian seeress. The Vendome, 1104
Market st., San Francisco. Offlce houra — 10
a. m. to 5 p. m.; Sundays, 10 to 12; Wednee-
day evening, 6 to 8. Phone South 1141. .
MIBS M. WILLE, 310- Ellis St.. clairvoyant
crystal seer and life reader, tells you exactly
what, you called for without asking a ques-
tion: names given; $1; hours, 10 to 8.
MME PORTER, clairvoyant, medium { born
with double veil and second sight; tells past,
present, future; 1. 6O0; g. by cards $1; palm-
lstry full Ufa read.. $1. 303 Jones, nr. Eddy.
A — MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known
trance medium; readings daily, 10 to 6. 843
Geary st. - .
MME. KRONENBERG.. palmist, clairvoyant,
card' reader: when others fall try me: read-
lngs. 25c. 324 O'Farrell st. Tel. Red 6537.
MISS ZEMDAR. young gifted, clalr. and palm.;
reveals love, marriage, business, etc. ; L. 50c,
G. $1: hours lOtoO; names. 714 Franklin st.
PROF. JOHNS, palmist, clairvoyant and card
reader: 2Bc and 50c: 2 to 10 p. m. 1TA 6th st.
MISS WARD. 1206 Market St., parlor 68. clalr-
voyant. gives names, dates; take elevator.
MRS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader, has
returned; sittings dally. 108 6th St., rooms 1-2
MRS. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune-
teller, is now at 317 Ellis st.
spiRrruA-.iSM.
A — MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. 1206 Market, r. 14. Gait House.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing seance Sat. and
Sun., 8 p. m. ; friends only. 10S4 Bush at.
C. MAYO STEERS, trance medium. 305 Lar-
kin. room 49; readings 1 to 6; tel. South 819.
PROF. FRED EVANS noted slate-writer and
clairvoyant. 1112 Eddy st. Phone Scott 887.
DENTISTS.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 60c;
plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, 60c; gas given.
PARIS Dental parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up; fillings, 25o.
GOLD fillings, ,75c; silver, 35c; crowns. $2; no
pain; open Sundays. Dr. A.C.Hewitt, 204 Sutter.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. Eurgeon-dentist,r.l4,lst
floor. Phelan bid., 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from Geary st
to corner Sutter st. and Grant ave.
.
A — THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
, school for university, law and ine.ltcal c< i-
leges, begins its twelfth' year. We shall do
better work than before, and give general as
well as special courses. Our* departments In
English literature, languages, mathematics,
sciences, history, etc, are excellent.. Two
of the best teachers In California are- in
charge of English and of mathematics. Come
and be with us, we prepare you well. Refs.
Pres. Jordan or any Stanford professor. Day
and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
CLASSES In short story writing and Journal-
ism will be formed on January 3, 4 mid 5 at
2 p. m., at 333 Phelan bldg.; terms very rea-
sonable; Join these classes; tho Instruction Is
excellent; rapid progress assured.
E. R. AYRES. founder of Ayres Business Col-
lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing; $5 month; life scholarship
$50; positions secured; day,' eve. 723 Market.
THE* Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
institution devoted exclusively to dramatlo
learning in America: positions guaranteed.
Send for catalogue.' Native Sons' building.
HEALD'S School of Mines and Engineering, 24
Post Bt., S. F. ; civil, mining, electrical, steam
and gas engineering. Send for prospectus.
THE Easter term at Irving Institute, 2126
California St., will open on Tuesday, January
8, 1005. at 9 a. m.
A SUCCESSFUL college; new, large rooms;
perfect light; all graduates are getting posi-
tions. S. F. Business College, 738 Mission st.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, min.. mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st.
Established 1883; largest In the West; an-
nual enrollment 1000; send for circulars.
ALL Eng. and com. branches, $5 mo.; 47 les-
sons Benn Pitman shorthand hold any posi-
tion; lndlv. Instruc. West. Bus.Col.,1281 Mkt.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col., 602 Van Ness
ave.; positions secured. R. H. Webster, Pres.
A— GALLAGHER -^MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEGE, 1382 Market's. Send for catalogue.
MME. PRILL* S ' Piano School, London Con.
2105 Golden Gate av. ; resident pupils taken.
BOOKKEEPING— Save time, gain knowledge,
with TARR, expert, 217 Parrott building.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano, $3 per month;
vocal lessons $1. 828 Halght Et.
CHICAGO Business College, 1584 Market— Posl-
tions; shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $8 mo.
ADULT and Juvenile classes now open. Hin-
man's School of Dancing, 1412 Polk. nr. Cal.
SHORTHAND taught thor"ly by mail and per-
Eonally. Miss M. G. Barrett,' 302 Montgom'y.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine St.— Night class.
JSMPIiOYMEHT JJITICES.^
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment offlce
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
S. IMURA. 830 Sacramento. Tel.' James 6231.
I A — ORPHEUM Employment Offlce — Japanese-
1 -Chinese help. 426 Powell st.: tel. Main 5752.
I RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5183.
i CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
I Tel. Main 1097. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPX.OYaiE ITT -WANTED— rBMAIiE.
A — STRONG young woman wants housework,
city or country. 324 Mason; phone Black 2396.
A— FIRST-CLASS child's nurse, best refer-
ences, wants position. 824 Mason st. ; phon?
Black 23»6.
A — STRONG woman wants nursing or care of
.. invalid. 324 Mason et.: phone Black 2336.
A— STRONG woman wants work of some kind;
sleep home. 324 Mason; phone Black 2396.
A— BOOKKEEPER, "cashier, young lady; ex-
pert accountant; quick, accurate; all moderr.
systems ; highest references; * last position 5
years. .Box 20G2, Call. '
A— ACCOUNTAr/r. young. lady, expert book-
keeper, desires position as private secretary;
can take full charge ■ of correspondence ; and
, accounts. . Box 3879, . Call of flee/ .1 •
A YOUNG colored girl, would Jlke a poaltloa
• to . take care of children ; wages $20 to $25.
Apply 1006 Clay Bt.,~ or answer by postal
• card, i ;■;• . ■-'■; - .- ■ ■' '■: .'< i 1 -.' ■ ■ ,. .
YOUNG, healthy Scotch girl I wants position at
*. .wet nurse. : 3305 ; Twenty-fourth St., neai
Mlfsion. . . .-,-; - ■
A REFINED. young German, wishes a posltlot
as governess or companion; references. Boj
3742. ■ Call of flee. V : •
SCOTCH woman wants - employment: ' genera
: housework ; 1« a good cook ; references. 22
.-..Franklin st. •-. .-'... ., - ;.
£ MIDDLE-AGED, ; reflr.ed French lady de-sire:
■ ■ - position i as \ housekeeper ■: for couple : or ■ wld
• , ower; excellent f. cook preferences. ■■ Addresi
' box 3711), Call of flee. •
' GERMAN. woman ■wishes situation as cook. 72;
California st. . .
EMPLO -TgEJTT WA-fTEP— Pem-Ia— Con
AN educated lady of refinement, speaking sev-
eral .languages, wlehes a position as' traveling
companion or take care of an invalid lady;
understands also all branches of systematic,
economic housekeeping; city or country;
flrst-class references. Address F. A. K.. box
3713. Call offlce. __^
COMPETENT, educated woman desires posi-
tion as governess; good seamstress, nurse,
etc.; will assist with light housework; sal-
ary moderate. 8460 Eighteenth st
WANTED^Bjr an elderly .. woman to assist
with housework where there are no children;
, rood cook. Address < 12S2 Page st, MRS.
WILLIAMS. r
YOUNG ■ lady wishes ' to be companion and
hel£>er to elderly lady for a good home and
' . very email salary. Address Immediately,
box 3670. Call offlce. -
YOUNG German woman wants housecleaning:
$1 day. . Address . MRS. -V., 9 Ritch st. off
Folsom, bet. Third and Fourth, in rear, top
floor. ..:." j
EDUCATED ♦person, not young, would go as
companion, nurse, needle woman to elderly
. person; fluent reader; generally useful; mod-
erate aalary; wants home. Ad. 3460 18th st
BY young lady of r&flnemant and ability, posi-
tion as traveling companion and secretary to
invalid, or aa traveling saleswoman. Box
8997. Call offlce. . '
A STEADY, competent person wishes a> poal-
■ - tlon to do general housework In small fam-
ily; wages $20. 6 Rose ave., off Market at
A YOUNG Swedish girl wishes a plaoe aa tea.
ond girl or light general housework; sleap
at home. Address 2681 Nineteenth at
YOUNG lady from the East experienced aa
nurse, wants place to attend an Invalid or
- hospital; best references. ' Box S672. Call.
WANTSD — By young lady. .plaoe in flrst-clasa
photograph gallery to learn retouching. Box
' 3657. Call offlce. •
BY American woman, situation as housekeep-
er; country preferred. Mrs. L.. 1028 Market
YOUNG woman with a child wants position In
small family. Box 1709, Call office.
A FAITHFUL Japanese girl desires a position
at. housework in a small private family;
" wages $3 a week. H. KOZAKO. 1215ft Post
st.; phone Larkin 703. " .
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
EXPERIENCED young porter. 24. wlshea any
kind of place; city or country; general or
private; must have work at once. Box 8738,
Call office^
FIRST-CLASS carriage maker and painter,
who Is able to work at any branch of car-
riage making, wishes position. Box 3737,
Call offlce.
WANTED — By experienced Englishman, sober
• and reliable, position as coachman or second
man: good references. Box 8711. Call offlce.
ACTIVE young carpenter desires employment,
rough or finish. $3 day. Box 3747. Call.
YOUNO ATTORN13Y
- Desires position In law offlce
At small salary, with privilege of prac-
ticing. Box, 8674, Call offlce.
TWO young German men, with good educations
and practical knowledge of English, would
like positions of any description In offices;
good references and experience in that line
of business. Address 1116 Broadway. Oak-
land.
A COMPETENT man and wife want work in
the country In a private house; man gardener
and all-round worker; wife maid or seam-
stress; best of city references; young Danish
couple. Box 8704, Call offlce.
WANTED^-A position by an experienced, por-
ter or shipping clerk; 8 years with last firm,
tv— o have retired . from business; references.
Address box 8714. Call offlce.
RELIABLE young man wants position as col-
lector in wholesale house; understands -book-
keeping and shipping accounts; desires to
continue studies. Box 3751,- Call offlce.
BUSINESS man. 88 years old, accustomed to
handling large affairs, desires position of re-
sponsibility; highest references. Box 8718,
Call offlce.
YOUNG man wlehea a position In a plant;
handy man; experienced steam fitter and
boiler operations. Address 2756 Twenty-third
st, city
STRONG elderly ., man wants work, private
family: gardener.' horses, cooking; useful In
general; all round man; references; wages
no object Box 3670, Call offlc*.
AS attendant. In the near future, to Invalid or
mental patient by competent reliable male
nurse and masseur; references.. Box 8639,
Call offlc. i
WANTED — Position by young man from New
York City that Is capable of doing work ol
most any kind; good home preferred to hlgb
wages. Box 3661, Call.
ACCOUNTANT, first class, open for engage-
ment January 1; age 33; salary $100; best
city references and cash bond. Address boi
8941, Call office.
ACTIVE man. about middle* age, good habits,
responsible, accountant with general busi-
ness experience, wants employment Bos
8658, Call offlce.
BAKER, with experience, wants position or
bread or cakes; city or country; can give
references. Address WILLIAM R. JANT-
ZEN. 844 Mission st.
STEADY young man wants work of any kind
where he can continue studies; willing and
strong. Box 3781, Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED traveling salesman wants po-
sition with local or Eastern mercantile hous«
or manufacturer. Box 3677, Call offlce.
AMERICAN farmer wants situation on ranch
or private place; best reference from last
place. Call or address H.. 474 Jessie st. !
GERMAN, middle-aged, single, speaks Eng-
- llsh, wants any kind of work. Box 8651,
Call offlce. -^
WAITER — Steady, eober; short-order hous<
preferred. Box 8721, Call offlce.
WANTED — Position by young man; in. a sta
ble preferred^ Box 1692. 1008 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS barber would like steady Satur-
day and Sunday job. Box 8754. Call offlce.
A COMPETENT butler, with flrst-class dtj
references, wishes situation. Box 8662, Call
MIDDLE-AGED German wants position at
porter' or Janitor. Address box 3652. Call.
I WISH work in dty"oT country good home:
good cook; nice recommendations; very hon-
est Japanese boy; wages $25 a month. HITA,
417 Bush st
A JAPANESE honest boy wants a position at
' a schoolboy; wages $1 50. or general house-
work $3 week. F-' YAMATO. 1303 V^ Castro
A JAPANESE wishes situation to do house-
work, or any other kind of work. S. TO-
• MOOKA. 511 Bush" St.; phone Black 6034.
A YOUNG Japanese wants a ' position aa «
schoolboy. T. MURATA. Address 725 Gear}
st.,- Japanese Gospel Society.
WANTED — A position by Japanese schoolboy
• in city or vicinity. FRANK OGAWA. 744
Post st.
A GOOD Japanese cook; wife wait on table
_clty_)r_country. MAKATON, 685 Jessie. *
A GOOD Japanese cook: wife wait at table
. city or country. MAKATON. 665 Jessie st.
• JAPANESE good boy wants position as school
[ 1 boy. K. TAN, 322% O'Farrell st.
CHINESE flrst-class cook wants place. CHAR-
LIE, 915 Stockton st.
CHINESE flrst-class cook wants position lr
family. LAM. 715U Dupont st '
__; ECZEMA CUBE.
$100 FREE for any case cf eczema, salt rheurr
or barber itch that I can't' cure; a trla
treatment free. DR. BROWN. B4 Sixth st.
\ PEATS TO IiET.
A— HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list
service absolutely free; take advantage o
this deoartment; It, will sarje you time am
trouble. Cordes Furniture CO.. 245-Sd Gear:
at. . o5 the square. \ 5 ,
COTTAGES, houses and flat* to let; every de
sirable vacant - place in Sao Francisco 01
our lists; service absolutely free; let. us fln<
you a place; come In and let us know wha
rent you want to pay and the locality; "w,
do the rest." Sterling -Furniture Company
1039 Market st. opp. McAllister.
FLAT of 4 light rooms, without bath. 22 Pon
st, near -16th and Market; no. children.
TEN rooms, four, of 'which are in basement
, sunny; rent $35. 616 Haigrht at
: TWENTY-FOURTH, . 2127— New upper flat ; '
rooms ; and ; bath; , rent $18; adults '
' AN elerant : new '■ aunny : flat, 7 : rooms: cholc
:,.'nel_hborhood." 1740 Stelner at.V near Suttei
FLAT, 3 rooms ; bath : ' gas ; rent $12. , 4 Avar
' ■ sty off ; Geary, 'nr.. Fillmore.", .' *.
1 SUNNY modern middle flat; 7 rooms and batl
. 649 Fell st... near ; , Webster. \ . N>
> LA RGEST. list of houses and flats to let Ca
on LYON & HOAO, . 110 Montgomery at
PLATS TO LET — Cont-an-d.
SANCHEZ. NW. cor. Elizabeth, nr. *"h—
New upper flat. 6 rooms, bath; sun all day.
all modern improvements; reasonable. ______
FINANCIAL. __
THE REALTY SYNDICATE. ._ «*, /ww, M
Issues
Six p«r cent
Investment Certificates
Office— No. 14 Sansome st.
San Francisco, Cal.
COMPANIES formed: mining or patents; stock
sold; strong Eastern connections; advice free.
Write A. F. HARASZTHY. 622 Crossley bldg.
rUBNXTUBE WAHTXD.
"WE'LL GET~YOUR BUSINESS"— We pay
the most money for furniture, carpets, offlce
fittings, merchandise and houses. MARK J.
LEVY AUCTION CO.. 1321 Market St.. be-
tween 9th and 10th. Phone South 179.
ABE LEVY,-
Salesroom. 1135 Market st Tel. Jessie 76L
Don't sell your furniture, carpet*, offlc* fur-
nlture. etc., until you get Ma estimate.
WILL pay 20 per cent inore for furniture than
dealers or will sell on commission. L. H.
BURP, auo.. 1636 Market; phone Jessie 2338.
CALL on Alfred Wollpert, 773 Mission st. be-
fore selling your furniture. Phone Red 4482.
jrujttnxxui-Il _*OB SAXB. •
HENRY MAYER pays highest prices for fur-
niture, carpets, eto. 732 Mission; tel. Bush 813.
THE handsome pieces of a new flat; must sell.
Call 1006 Halght st; phone Park 3S9.
HELP WABrTEP—y^-T.-i.
COOK, small hotel, country, $33; 8 cooks, city
and Oakland. $30-$35; butler, city. $35;
French chambermaid and sewing, $30; 4 sec-
ond girls $20-$25; 3 nurseglrls. $20-$23-$30;
kitchen helper, $25; 3 waitresses, country
commercial hotel, $25. fare paid; 5 wait-
resses, city, $30; housework, country, no
washing, $30; housework. Sacramento $27 50.
Berkeley $25. Alameda. city and all near-by
towns, good places, best of wages. Apply
to J. F. CROSETT A CO.. 334 Sutter t
THE ROMAYNE-SHIRK REGISTER. RENT-
ING AND ADV. CO., 612-613 Grant bldff..
Seventh and Market sts.; South 104.
4 waitresses, commercial hotels, country, $23.
8 waitresses, city, room out. $30.
6 waitresses, city, room In, $23.
2 chambermaids, city, $20.
Girl general housework, good place, $33.
Girl general housework, good cook. $25.
Girl general housework, small wash, $25.
First-class waitresses. Southern Ca_. $23.
A— WANTED— Girls to learn halrdressing!
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks; tuition $3 to those entering now;
8 positions to fill immediately: positions
guaranteed at $10 week up; only recognized
school of Its kind on coast; day and even-
ing classes. 233 Geary at. room 13.
WANTED — Girls to learn millinery now for
spring season; both seasons taught from start
to finish in one month for $5; positions as
trimmers, salesladies, makers, guaranteed at
$10 per week up; 7 positions to be filled by
first of year. Parlors 143 Stockton at., r. 13.
A— PACIFIC College teaches halrdreaslng.
manicuring, electric massage, etc.; six hours'
practice a day; guarantees positions; only
recognized college of its kind on coast: day
and evening classes; all parlor work at re-
duced prices. 133 Powell st.
SEWINO MACHINE OPERATORS ON OVER-
ALLS. JUMPERS AND COATS; NO EX-
PERIENCE NECESSARY; STEADT WORK;
GOOD PAY. LEVI STRAUSS A CO. 92%
FREMONT ST. MR. DAVIS.
IN OAKLAND. COR. 10TH AND CLAY 8TS..
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS ON
OVERALLS; NO EXPERIENCE) NECES-
SARY: STEADY WORK; GOOD FAT.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.
NEAT young, girl, general house— rorks must be
' good plain cook; $25: Danish or German. 10
to 2. S978 Nineteenth st: Castro car. - .*
NEAT young woman wanted for housework: 3
adults; good home to right party: Sausallto.
Apply between 10 and 12 a. m., 1208 Market.
LADIES earn $20 per hundred writing short
letters: send stamped envelope. Best Mfg.
Co.. Valparaiso. Ind.
WOMEN in San Francisco Co-operatl-e Cigar
Mfjr. Co. 613 Merchant, bet Mont-Kearny.
ATTENTION, ladles— Earn $20 per 100 writing
short letters from copy. Address stamped en-
velope for particulars, MODERN SPECIAL-
TY COMPANY. Allegan, Mich.
LADIES for steady home employment: $3 and
$12 weekly. Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket St.. room 618.
WANTED— Chocolate dipper: $10 to $13 per
week. Apply KELLER CANDY CO.. Oak-
land, offlce 477 Seventh at
HELP 'WANTED— MALE.
AT HORD & SMITH'S,
Contractors' Agents. W Third st
Ranch blacksmith, $40 and found; must be
ehoer.
Cement finisher. $4 60; union man; fare,
$1.30.
Waiter. Santa. Barbara hotel. $23 and found,
fare refunded.
Cook, small hotel, $35 and found, near city.
Dishwasher, same place. $15 and found.
Solicitors, tea and coffee, big Inducements.
£ AMERICAN COMMERCIAL BUREAU.
Conducted on strictly, business principles.
Positions secured for —
Offlce men. Assistant bookkeepers.
Stenographers. . Collectors.
Bookkeepers. Accountants. •
Correspondent deifes. Hotel clerks.
Offlce managers. Railroad clerks.
Traveling salesmen. Timekeepers.
General offlce work in all lines of business.
(Apply) 301-302 Starr-King bldg., 121 Geary st.
" ! POSITIONS GUARANTEED
To hich-grade men who can furnish Indisput-
able testimony of ability and Integrity. We
will investigate your references free .of charge. •
Our commission is payable only when we have
succeeded in securing you a suitable position.
We conduct a fair and strictly legitimate
business, thereby meriting the entire confi-
dence of the business world. COMMERCIAL
CLEARANCE CO.. 415 Starr King building.
121 Geary st
BUTLER. $35 and found; waiter and wife,
country hotel, $50 and found: barkeeper and
wife $60 and found, and others. J. F. CRO-
EETT & CO.. 623 Sacramento st.
WANTED — Experienced floorwalker for dry
goods; state references, experience and sal-
ary expected. Address box 3740. Call office.
YOUNG man to run elevator In wholesale
house; state age experience, salary expected.
Box 3700. Call offlce.
WANTED— One cr two men to learn trade;
must have $10 for security; no Sunday work.
Call 61S Merchant, bet. Kearny and Montgy.
WANTED — A barber Saturday afternoon and
Sunday. 1059 Howard st:
WANTED — Good barber for Saturday and Sun-
day., 1C25 Howard st.
BARBER wanted Saturday and Sunday. 105
Tenth st. "•
BARBER, experienced, wanted for Saturday.
803 Kearny st
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
420 Broadway.
BARBER wanted. 291 Seventh st.
WANTED — A barber for Saturday and Sun-
day »t 21 East st
BARBER shop for sale: 3 chairs; good loca-
tion, near car house. Inquire 1202 Fillmore st.
WANTED — Porter for barber shop. 415 Mar-
ket st. — - '
MEN and boys at once, to-day;^good money.
Apply HARRY JOSEPH. 1528 Market st
BOO MEN wanted. 765 Market St.. room ft.
WANTED — 2 good second-hand revolving bar-
ber chairs and mirrors; state price. 3757 Call.
WANTED — Man of good address for permanent
position with reliable company. Address
MANAGER. P. O. box 271. Sacramento. Ca 1.
PORTER for flrst-class barber shop in coast
town: good wages. Apply DECKELMAN
BROS.. IOC Ellis st.
4 -CHAIR barber shop for sale; cigar stand
and laundry; owner going East' 218 Mont-
gomery ave. .
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 23c
to 60c. 571 Mission st. bet 1st and 2d sts..
Of 11 Third St., Examiner building.
WANTED — Men to fill 350 rooms at 20c per
night; clothes closets, hair mattresses, 'elec-
tric light In every room. 681 Howard, nr. 3d.
TRY our men's shoes, union made; $1 and $1 50
* pair: foot-form shoes, $2 50; we'pay express
charges. 11 3d at.. Exam, bid.; open tin 9 p.m.
HELP WANTED — -TAT.E — Continued.
MiniRA^XlvEADY7^3XSo^CuPitr' **
Phone Main 5S4S.
THE RIGHT OF MAN TO LIVE; THS
RIGHT OF MAN TO WORK.
Leading Employment and Labor Agenta.
-■ffs gave in 19(13 ' 1304 w« jj ope to
960,000 men work. Increase CO.00O
S PEOTALSv
ENGINEE1C
Engineer to run and repair gas engines,
country, see boss here. $75 and found.
FOREMAN.
Steam shovel fcivman, country, aee boss
here, $1CO and found.
Scraper gang foreman, good Job. see boss
' here. $75 and found.
PLANING MILL3.
Stick-r hand, country planing mill, see boss
• here. $4 day.
Sticker hand, country mill, south, steady Job,
$3 50 to $4 day.
Bench hand, country mill. 8 hours, steady,
$3 50 day. ,
BLACKSMITH.
Blacksmith, camp, country, fare %\ $60 M.
MISCELLANEOUS.
MINES.
3 machine miners. $90; 4 lumbermen, north.
$90; young man to assist shipping clerk.
city firm. $9 week: bookkeeper, country
store, south. $75.
Farma. dairies, orchards, eto.
23 farm hands, teaxastsrs. milkara aad e_or*>
men and boys.
_a_BCTKICTAN.
__»ctrtola_ for mine, aee boa* hare, $3 t»
$3 60 day.
AS3ATER.
Assayer and meltar for gold m_Mt •*» Mas
here. $3 day. ._
French choremaa for xnln* oa, $3T B0 and fa.
HOTEXfc
Cooks, waiters, dishwashers, portart, »•_
and tlovator boy*. ___
Cook and wife, country reatxoraat, I33( 000k
and wife, mine boarding-house. $53 fd.
OREGON. COAL MIXERS* OREOOdf.
OREGON.
10 coal miners for a good mrne by «m_-urt*i
big money can b* made on this Job.
Fare Refunded. ___ .__/>/• R«-'^aded.
MURRAY A READT. 634-636 CUy it.
MERCHANTS and manufacturers deeirtng t*
employ commercial travelers are requested
to communicate with the secretary of the
Pacific Coast Commercial Travelers' Asaocla.
' tlon. 416 Market St.. San Francisco. Cal.
MEN — The only original Moler Barber Collere
teaches barber trade in 8 weeks; wag*e
earned while Teaming.
New quarters and new appliances. '
Call or write for illustrated catalogue.
Moler Barber College, 640 Sacramento at.
! Lately moved from Clay at.
PLEASANT faced, fine appearing registered
physician and surgeon; must be quits gray,
but active: positively no other: no traveling:
salary $200 or more when well started. Call
at 25 Third St.
WANTED — Educated gentleman to vlalt eaiall
towns to write short articles for Eastern
magazine: $1000 per year; local refs. re-
quired. Dox 4M0. Call office.
WANTET> — Experienced travelers to sell
crockery and glassware and Import from
Eastern factories. Apply, with references,
box 367S. Call office.
WANTED — Men to prepare for railway mall.
Internal revenne and eostom-house positions;
free catalogue. Pacific Correspondence Insti-
tnte. Grant bldg.. 1005 Market; open evga.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third St.; 250 rooms; 23c to 30o per night.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese help. WM.
YOSHY. 415 Stockton st. ; tel. Bush 85a.
WANTED— Oyster man. 4C9 Seventh at.. Oak-
land.
GILLETTS schocl la t>e place to »:Jura the
barber trade. 611 Commercial at.
TWO men to learn the barbsr trade; abso-
lutely free. 751 Mission st.
WANTED — Young man to work for his tuition
In S. F. Barber School. 741 Howard st
FOR sale — 3-cbair barber shop; $73 If sold be-
fore Sunday. 804 Folsom st. .
SWELL 2-cbair shop for sale: doing nice busi-
ness; owner retiring. 2534 Market st.
BAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT. 617 Jackson st.
MEN to learn the detective business: paid
while learning. 097 Market St.. room 104.
MEN wanted at 137 3d St., where, shoes are re-
paired by machinery; sewed soles 10 mln.. 73c
LABOR debts collected: suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 223 Montgy., r. 413.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullls. r. 40. Phelan bid.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. O. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — "CO rooms; 35o night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, halt
price. S71 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d Us.
SOLICTTOR3 WATTED.
MEN and women guaranteed clear $200 month
soliciting among their friends In city and
country; experience unnecessary; $23 cash se-
- curity required. 1113 Market at. room 1.
HORSES AITP WAGONS.
FIRE sale — Vehicles of all descriptions slightly
damaged by fire, smoke and water, to be sold
at a sacrifice during next 6 days at O'BKIEN
& SONS', 6CO Golden Gate ave.
BAY horse. 16 hands. 1150 lbs. 7 years eld;
buggy and harness. 8-seater. and. light sur-
rey. 1103 Elm ave.. off Pierce st. bet.
Golden Gate ave. and Turk st
FIRE sale-r-Entlre stock carriage*, buggies.
harness, at reduced rates during alterations
to building. O'BRIEN'S. 500 Golden Gate ave.
HORSES for sale; good workers; $20. $33. $73|
room for more boarders at Columbia, Stab!*.
122^ Eddy st
A LIGHT gray mare, sound and perfectly gea-
tle, for sale; weight 950 lbs. Address Oray
Mare, general delivery. Alameda.
THE quarterly bulletin of 8. F. Veterinary Col-
lege now ready; mailed free upon applleailoa
to DR.E.J.CREELY.Pres.,fflO Golden OatSt
■
BUS. buggies, surreys, rub. -tire run—boat, ex-
press wajon; cheap. 100 Golden Gate a-*.
CARLOAD gratle business bvggy ar.d 11-ery
horses. E. STEWART ft CO.. 220 Valencia.
FOR sale — 10 second-hand express wagons, en*
single truck. 233 Beale st •
AUCTION sals of horse*, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 827 Sixth st.
HOUSES TO XET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMB3EN & CO., 20 Montcomerr.
UNFURNISHED or partly furnished horns |
Presidio Heights; S rooms and bath. Box
737. Call offlce.
ROUSE 8 rooms and bath Inquire 1M
Eddy st.
HOUSES TO LET — jerUKji-a---tD.
WELL furnished sunny 10-room house _n4
cozy 6-room flat; garden. 41£> Oak st i
HOUSES i' UJfcJlISH-!I>—- FOB **■* TiT. W
EIGHT rooms: nicely furnished; yard; win a«U
at a sacrifice. 124 Turk st j
BOTXEL8U_^
HOTEL BALTIMORE. 1013~ Van Ness av«.—
This first-class hotel, now being conducted oa
American plan, especially for families for the
season or year. Location Is unsurpassed. Tha
equipments are all modern, with every con-
venience. The rooms are large, sunny, and
comfortable: superb view; furnishings are all ,
elegant. Culslna highest order. H. C. SHAN-
NON, manager, formerly of Hotel Langham.
' New York, and Moana Hotel. Honolulu. .
INSTALLMENT SUTLDKTO.
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION "COMPANY.*™
Installment homes. 512 Callaghan building-,
will build or. your property cr buy you a lot:
$8 a month pays principal and interest on
each $1CCO of balance due. making your In-
stallmenta less than rent; send for circular.
IMVEST-HJ-tTg. ■_
MARCONI Wireless stock, as also any other
security at bargain prices; write me your
wants; my services unequaled In the W^at ;
prompt an'i satlsfoctory. E. COWPER-
THWAITE. Stockton. Cal. '
lost and rouaro.
LOST — Sunday afternoon. Dec. 11. at beach.
south of Park, black Scotch collie bitch!
Suitable reward if returned to 1326 Forty-
{ ninth ave.. Boulevard station, or for lnfor-
I rcation o? whereabouts.
LOST — A pass book with the Hihernia Savings
«r.<i Lean Society of San Francisco tn th»
name of ELLEN PANGAROW. No. 176-462;
the finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Silver B. P. O. E. raajchbex. Return to
J. H. VALIEGA. California Theater; liberal
reward. "
LOST— On Market. b»t. Stockton-Mason, pair
eyeglasses and chain. 43 Stockton; reward.
( LAUNCHES ?OK TTT-fB
• C A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of ~a_V
at; for pleasure and business; tel. Buth 634/WITH EVERY SMALL AD. IN THE SUNDAY CALL -FR,BE3
MCpICJM,. __ ](
L-' VTES The trt -n :.ru!.t>:e or suffering from i !
toy allra^nt yrculisr tu the-r eex ca:i find '
:r ■r.:efiiate relrer by floasuiur.n Dr. Whl'» ' ',
tr,e cr.Sy jrraau«te pby»:ci*r; in Sin KrsncUco 1 •
• bO ha» devoted a UfttbsM to fcelplnc women- ! '
II rears' cxperleate without a failure "Uas i .
pet tlm at tfce head. He guarantees relief or •
co ■*?. # '
DR. WHITE. TC2 Market «t.. rooms 7 and S. •
2R. G. W. O-DOX.VELL-AU who'are iTclTor
ir. trouble con*ult thia specialist os female. ! .
ceoplaist*: poeUvelj- corrected: the unfortu- ,
aat» fceJped; •.i.e -rr.^t difficult cases treated; J ',
every cm*e takes; Immediate reliel; no poi- I
i.r'.-t drugs; low fee*; try rr.ethods will curs '
all ca*» of irregularity; by consalung me
»ave tlae a=a moEej-. advie* free. Office.
1C:» Market st.
LADIES— Possibly I'm set tfce cbeapett nor yet
tie c:ae» specialist b»rt, but I AM a RE-
UAELE graduate physician. Wfcen ta trou-
ble coc£d» in me. Irrog-j'arities relieved;
the unfcrtui^te helped; I promts- best atten-
tlac and no dagger; 1 jr-iaracte* prompt re-
fulu or no charje, Roos: 1. En. 14 years.
TR. E. G. WEST, efflce 305 Kearoy st.
VP.S. DR. KOHI*. reliable *T*eiaJirt for all fe-
male trouble* and irrerularitle« ; instant re-
llef guarantee**. 100SS Market rt.. opp. 5th.
XTRS. DR WTETH. specialist for ail femali i
ccrrpUlstf and trrerulfcritJet; in«ant relief
CTJararteed; SO rears' experience. 944 J'ost st.
ALL oases of ferr.aje trr*c«:aritle« relieved at
caoe; r&*LTa=t*«d treatment. $10; SO years'
sucoeeefci experienoe. DRS. GOODWIN. 85O '
Market et^ oyp. Ftwirtb, rood 8". j
MRS. DR. ALLEN, ladles' .pecialist. removed !
free. 111S Market to MS M!s*i<m rt., near
Focrth; boza* ts txmfineisect ; 25 yean' expe- I
rteace; baft medical attention; low fee*. j
TALBOT BARNARD. Australian Nerve Epe- ',
cialist. ha* arrived; Elicited number patients I
treated home; consultation free. S221 21st st. j
DR. and MRS. DAVTES and HIXDOO HERBsl j
cricaal method of treatment. 1226 Market, i
DR. ROSEN, reddeae* 25»?5 Fclsom sC. corner
2«th: ladies, relief or ne fee: $10. [
mSCELT.AirEOTTS — POS «*t.t- ;
DOES TOUR ROOF LEAK?
H»r» you a leaky tin. shlagle. felt or trtm
roof? Cover It with Ma»tic Roofing. It Is best
for olfl and new roofs, aad for valleys, gutters.
deck*, balconies, etc. Mastic Roof Paint a&d j
Rooftsg Oemer.t will step small leaks. Write
cs eboct it. Elaterite Roofing Co.. 713 Market.
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps.
pilleys, starting, etc, etc. bought, sold,
rested and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. a WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Bealc st.
BOILERS, enpinea, 23-hand machinery. McIN-
TOEH & WOLPSCAN. 195-197 Fremcnt st.
A — BITTS. t*!ls or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. V.'HITELAW. 253-255 Spear it-
REPUTAELE place to rent rents' full dress.
Turedo or Pnnre Albert suits. J. COOPER.
21 Stockton Et. (formerly at Palace Hotel.)
TRY cur s.er.'« shoes «t IT and $1 50 pair;
toot-fena shoes at $2 50; we pay express
rharres. 11 3d St.. Exam bid.; catalog free.
DIAMONDS and Jewelry oa small weekly or
monthly payment*. DEREMER'S, 1ST Maat-
eorcery «.. rocrn 12. upstairs.
AN ejegant sealskin, good as new, only $70.
UNITED LOAN AND TRUST CO.. 21 Stock-
ton st.. eeeend floor.
FOR sale — Second-hand bath tubs, elabs, bowls
end » •; • . 36S Jessie rt,, from 4 to 5.
HANDSOME locg Isabella bear boas; also
white fox; prefect; eell cheap. I00« Haight. !
PURCHASER for complete set of unused Ca-
nadian jubile« stamps. Box 3C65, Call.
TOWEY'S furniture polish removes spots ani
stains; free delivery. 370 Fell st.
SAFES a:ifl cash registers: new and second-
hand. I FREEMAN. 1325 Market Bt.
ID-HAND blig. material; lumber, door. sash,
plurcb. material. The Dolan Co.. 1607 Market.
tESKS bougLt, eoid and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Cc. SOI Mission st. ; teL South 811.
MOVING F-cturcs. magic lanterns, sale, rental;
b2.rga:r.s. Rullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery at.
ROOMS papered, $4 up; tinting. painting.
Hartrr.aJin Pa'.r.t Co.. 319 Third: tel. Main 413.
GASOI INE engines, automobiles and launches;
Nil *'.x.e*. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
MISCELLA1TEOTTS WABT8.
AAAAA— Highest prices for ladies', gents' cast-
eff clothing. TeL Darae 823. *50 Sacramento et.
DIAMONDS <-.r.c precious stones bought for
ca*h. KARL EBER & CO.. r. 405. Adams
bldg.. 206 Kearny St.; phone Black 3036.
PAYS special price cant -off fancy ladlee' dress-
ey. men's gults. 022 Fcltora. tel Folsom 3522.
JIOHETTOLOAH.J
A> A A A — A CONFIDENTIAL and reputable
place to borrow money oa the following:
Salaries.
Life insurance policies).
Chattel morttagee.
Undivided interest*.
Goods in bond.
Legacies.
Second and third mortgages.
Ert&tes in orobare.
;-■'«. estates.
Rects.
Epeclal department for loan* to ladles on
th*ir cotes.
Private offices for ladies and gentlemen,
UNITED LOAN AND TRUST CO..
21 Stockton et.. ce&r Market.
2d flocr. Phone Bust 4S4.
AAAJL— THE Portland Jewelry Co. will make
you very liberal loans on your diamond*,
sealskin or any valuables at the low rate of
two l2> per c«ct per mor.th; if you do not
wish to call, phone us (phone Bush 4S4) and
the manager of our lean department will call
on you: all business etrictly confidential
25 STOCKTON ST.. NEAR MARKET.
Private offices at 21 Stockton «U. 2d floor.
N. B. — The only loan offlce west of New
York that has a fire and burglar proof vault
on the premises; free ut>e of came to all cus-
tomers-
—MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (Inc.)—
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
INTEREST 5H AND 6 PER CENT
CITY. OAKLAND TOWN AND COUNTRY
PROPERTY
Second Ti)ort££|fes. jjfe Insurance policies, es-
tates In probate, undivided Interests in prop-
erty, probate realty loans, ctocks and bond.-,
legacies and undivided interests in property
purchased.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
Buite 107-1U& Crocker bldg. ; prone Main 5924.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
601-CO2-6O3 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; do disappointments.
Save expenses' by dealing directly.
Estate, seoor.d mortgagee, undivided inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.; legacies. life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatra-r.t. Strictly confidential.
When You Ne«-d Money,
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
lit. 2d or 3d
Mortgages, on real estate.
In city, town or country.
Low rale of interest.
Give full cartlculars
of property.
Location, etc
Box 223. Call office.
&ALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
ar.y one; confidential and courteous treatment;
feall and get terms. Drake. 453 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diauiooda. Jewelry at 2
' per cent intercut. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
»78 Market; teL Main 1644. Branch 1182
' Market and 27 Third.
-.A—ON furniture or pianos, at lowest rates; nc
removal; no publicity: also on real estate;
1« or 2d racrtpage* rrr on any security; ar.y
amount. O. W. BECKER. 3C Geary, room S6.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boardinj-houses. without
»<curtty: *&ry pa.rmer.tr: larre business in 4S
principal cliies._TOLMAN._T>03 Parrott bids.
ANT amount <juSckly on furniture or plir.o
without removal; ether security; fairest
rates: etrictly ceeflaeotial; no coxnmis. Na-
tional Crc<llt-C).. S!*i Donchoe bid.. 8 Taylor.
MONEY to loan et lew Interest; jrold, silver.
61emon6«. pearli- and pr*c!»u« *tofie» buugnt
at W. J. KEFTHAL'S. 10 .Sixth St.
PRIVATE— Mor.ey Jnar.fd on salaries without
■ecunty: diamonds or ch«tte!i.: no foe; no
com.; cut rau. •>!. Loan Co..523 Parrctt Md.
1 PER cent on furrlture or • :a:.s: no removal:
■hj conmr.iefcicji; r.o puMicity; £23 up; quick.
Tlvate. cen?.3ert!aJ. '^G ll<-.ntsoroery. rro. 21.
TO salaried people without security. The White
To.. *2t) Cnlifcmia tt.. room* 14 and IS. •
SALARIED r-e^jle on note. S. T. DISCOUNT
AGENCY. 125-127 nhelari b!d£. PTirate.
MQNEsT loafted on rtiamonfls. watches, tev.elr;.-:
ec5f<5. IMatr-ond I'art-r Jewelry Co.. 75"- Mkt.
' *>".■ 1 i rr<>w :si-.n?y oa «i!*ry «••
'.'»■. Hutt^n C.-ec::t Co.. »Vi 2Jutu«l Rank Wd«.
, iJiFhli £uao C*. of Wyi»rainc lnens to salaried
fegai>«oye& Room 111.- Matuel gav. Bk. bldg.
B iLt^,loan« er: dlaw.cnas A Jew*lry.at 2 per cent
t rrr 5. t. C«Utoeral Let a Back, MS Ktarnx.'
17
"jt tfsippy //Sis) y&stz."
Free to Small Ad Patrons of
* ■■ - ..■,..
*
«rfttfaJjElL»jSi^J.L I iil "1 -. " ,'!, '" li" 'i.iiiil'i'iil i'1'iriililH'illllll"' I 11 illiiiili ''''v';;'. ii)i i,,,i'i'T4i!'''il_^^a8si
The Plum Pudding we offer our Small Ad patrons this week is a rich and delicious confec-
tion made by the Chicago firm of Libby, McNeill & Libby, the famous packers.
Some of these Puddings "tfere given out to our patrons last week after the regular supply
advertised was exhausted and we have heard many words of commendation spoken for this Pudding
by those who tried it.
Free to Any Person Presenting a Small Ad....
THURSDAY, FRIDAY or SATURDAY
■ FOR — —
CALL BUSINESS OFFICE, THIRD and MARKET STS.
OAKLAND OFFICE - - - - 1016 BROADWAY
sgOHTTY TO LOA5-- Contlnn.d.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room e-1. 6 Eddy st.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndoreer. MORRELL, ©C9 Examiner building.
MTTSICAJ, nrSTBUaiENTB.
A BUNCH OF BARGAINS.
1 Haake $38; 1 Decker. $43; 1 Stoddard. $110;
1 Fischer. $125. r.
ALSO
1 Sterling, 1 Eteinway. 1 Curtar, 1 Vose, 1
Weber 1 Heines. and many ethers. Easy pay-
raents. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 1« O'Far-
rell st.
A GREAT opportunity — TVe are closing out
our entire Seattle stock In S. F. at price*
never heard of before: all makes; yonr
terms are our terms; rents $2 up; allowed It
purchased HEINE PIANO CO.. 5J.>5-237
Geary st.. E. F.; Oakland. 1252 Broadway.
PARTY must tell large Eteinway upright: cost
\$700; price J2S5; will accept payments; no
reasonable cash offer refused. 237 Geary n.
BEAUTIFUL new upright pianos for rent. $3
per month; one year's rental allowed If pur-
chased. SCOTT- CURTAZ, 560 Hayes st.
$60 UPRIGHT; one $30 upright; one good
square. $20. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister St.
A SMALL Eteinway upright; cost $500; $183
takes it. 237 Geary st.
FISCHER upright; cost $350; will eell t or $9fl.
237 Geary «t. .
ELEGANT uprights.new A 2d-hand.$« to $500. :
Pierce's Piano Factory. Market and 14th «ts.
6OHMER Byron Maury pianos. Cecelian piano
pUyer. " BTRON MAUZT. 30S-312 Post St.
NEW upripht pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ A CO.. 16 McAllister st.
S- PEDAL Eteinway up; Chickerine; baby grand;
Ehoninger. little used. Keeffe's, 2S5 O'Farrell.
MATTRESSES AJD PILLOWS.
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard st. : phone South 216.
QrnCES ASP STORES TO LET.
ETORE to lease at 111 Ellis st. Apply at
barber gheg.
PEBSOHALEL^^^^^^
AA— WHY look o'.d? — i ■
Fifteen day rate will now be given by MME.
GILLIN'GHAM: a lady 72 years of age with
wrinkles and pufflness removed from one side
of the face can b« seen dally; write for book-
let. 143 Stockton St.. cor. Geary.
SPECIAL BETWEEN SEASON LOW RATE3
this week for facial bautifylng ; a face with-
out a wrinkle with the contour and fresh
color of youth may be had through my
I scientific treatment; consultation and book-
| let free, M. ELLA HARRIS. 12S Geary gt.
! THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves its growth.stope falHng.cures dandruff '
and itching scalp: no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hnirdresBers'^ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.,133S Polk
HAIR growers. Are you using the right on«T
Best recipes and treatment for each kind of
baldness. All 25c. Box 14. Sheepranch. CftL
I FA>'CT and cllk dresses carefully washed.
' JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRY, estab.
! 1899. 2122 FlJlmore St.; phone Geary 2053.
! AT less than cost; uncalled-for suits, over-
l coats and trousers, at CHARLES LYONS'.
London Talior. 721 Market st.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
« down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
j FUItNITUHE CO.. 340 Post St.. near Powell.
; MRS DR. GWYER. 511A Leavenworth St.. be-
! tween Geary and O'Fan*lI. Tel. East 697. •
6UITS to order en installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS CO.. the tailors. 729 Market Bt.
EASY Installments for Men and Youths. Suits
i to order. Co-operatire Tailoring, 117 Mkt.
I $1 a week; suits to order $15 up. LEMOS, 1127
I Market St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
I ONE dollar -weekly keeps you in fine clothing.
Art Tailoring. 1644 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas.
I Superfluous hair removed: electric needle. Mrs.
I Eaton,3C9 Eutter.-Mlss Baton. 233 Geary.r.38.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 59; dress pants. $2 50.
MUSt Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERADE coFtumes. play ; books, trigs;
covntry orders: GOLDSTEIN * CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S' Egyptian Henna restore* gray
hair to its natural color. 91 at all druggists'.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branca office, cor. Dcncan and Church.
THE, SAN FRANCISCO' CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 31, 1904.
PHTSICIAHS AND 6UHGEON8.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Offlce and residence,
1021 Vi Market St., bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, ekln and rectal dlseasee a specialty.
DR. BALL, 1073XJ Market st.
REMOVED — DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason St., now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st.. near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
CATARRH, DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new methods; one week's
treatment free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter.
PATEKTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law, 6 Hobart bldg., 632 Market Bt.
FTJRCHASIl&O AGENCIES.
CLARA E. JEWETT. purchasing agent; coun-
try orders a specialty; correspondence solicit-
ed. 305 Larkln it., room 48; tel. South 319.
ROOMS POB HOTTSEgEEPniTG.
CALIFORNIA, 1272 — 2 large sunny rooms; fur-
nished complete for housekeeping.
EDDY, 743 — 2 sunny well -furnished house-
keeping rooms; gas range, yard, etc.
ESSEX, 11, bet. First and Second, off Fol-
som — 3 eunny furnished housekeeping rooms;
gas; $13 50. :•
GEARY, 1225— Fine, sunny, bay-window suite;
all conveniences; nice marine view; also
other choice rooms; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 357— Newly furnished
sunny front rooms, light housekeeping; lock
door; bath.
GROVE. 32^ — Unfurnished rooms for house-
keeping:
HARRISON. 405 — Furnished and housekeeping
rooms: coal and gas stoves, electric lights,
hot and cold water, bath. ','■;•.
HARRISON. M7 — Housekeeping and slugle
furnished rooms to let.
HOWARD. 640 — Front sun. sulte.grate, 2 beds
$3 50 wk.; hskps;. private kitch.; no children!
JESSIE. 323 — Large sunny front parlor; gas;
range; sink; $14 month; others cheap.
JESSIE. 367— Nice sunny furnished single
rooms, from $1 per week up.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments, 1840 Pine
Sunny furnished 3-rocm suites; steam heated,
electric lighted; free baths; rates reasonable.
LEAVENWORTH. 606 — Two sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms.
OAK, 117 — Rooms, complete, housekeeping; $5
to $12; gas range; hot bath: adults.
O'FARRELL, 208 — 3 connecting rooms; gas
range, running water; complete; 2 beds..
■ — .
O'FARRELL. 1395 — Two nicely furnished, eun-
ny front housekeeping rooms In new, sunny,
corner flat.
RAUSCH, 85, near Folsom — Large room, con-
nectlng kitchen; sink; large yard; rent reas.
SOUTH PARK, 137— Two or three nicely fur-
nished, sunny front housekeeping rooms; $12.
THIRD. 308 — Nice] eunny housekeeping rooms;
transient; from 25c up: all clean and light.
VAN NESS, 421 — Elegantly furn.. front sunny
suite; free phone; machine and bath; $23.
WEBSTER. 1229—3 or 4 rooms, fur. complete
for housekeeping; bath. Phone Pine 56S. "
WEBSTER. 1354 — Two or more sunny unfur.
housekeeping rooms: .adults; reasonable.
EOOKS_TOJiET— PnrrLjuid XTnfurn."
ATKINS, corner Third st. and Park lane— New
brlck building; all sunny rooms; hot and cold
water; electric lights;' only first-class house
in locality; rooms $1 50 week and up. :
A — BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth st.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or. No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 25c to 50c, $1. $1 50 night;
$1 BO to $16 week; house open all night." .
BELMOND House; over Owl drug store; 2 en-
. traneel." 1126 . Market and 21.' .Turk— Electric
lights, running*. water In every room; v 200
rooms; 25c to 50c per night: $1 25 to $3 week.
| BUSH. 502— Sunny front rooms, single, suites;
central; low rates. ., ■ - - • - .. ■_ - - \ .,-■-,..; -■
I BUSH, . 1338, near* Polk— Furnished sunny
room, with ■ home ' privileges; : $6. * .
JBOOMB TO J^ET— jPgjn^iuttdJ^LfMa.
JESSIE, 367 — Nice sunny furnished slngls
rooms, from $1 per week up.
EDDY, 432 — Nlo* rooms; pleasant and sunny;
reasonable.
EDDY, 871 — Newly furnished rooms suitable
for one or more gentlemen; reasonable; bath,
running water; phone East H74. •• r .-.-
FF.LL. 251, near Franklin— A front room, bath,
telephone, etc. ; no sign out. i . - ~i
GEARY. 610. The Carl — Nice furnished rooms
by the day. week or month.
GOLDEN GATE are., 430 — One- furnlsh«d room.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 357— Newly furnished
sunny rooms, $1 50, $2 50 up; bath; lock door.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 85o
to $1 25 night; $1 50 to $6 wk.; reading-room.
HOWARD. 715 — Furnished rooms, single or
double; central location.
KEARNT, 41S — Fine front sunny rooms for
$2 50 per week.
LAGUNA, 1507, cor. Geary — Cozy 3-room suite;
newly furn.; new flat; private; reasonable.
MARKET, 1049 (The Falmouth) — Sunny rooms;
$2 50 to $7 week; baths; elevator; also hkpg.
MCALLISTER. 14^Large, light, sunny rooms,
unfurnished: suitable housekeeping; reason-
able; elevator.
METROPOLITAN Hotel, 129 Third rt.— 400
single and family rooms 35c to $1 50 per day,
$2 to $8 week; -the only new and modern
hotel and rooming-house In San Francisco
that has offlce on ground floor, hot and cold
water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
in every room and gives free baths and ele-
t vator service day and night to Its guests. .
MINNA, 669— Nic« newly furnished room;
. suitable for 2 men.
MISSION, 561, near Second — Large front room,
J with coal oil stove; suitable for one or two
gents.
OAK. 42, near Market — Nicely furnished sunny
front parlor.' suitable for 2 ladles or married
couple.
ROOMS FOR* RENT.
The Pacific Coast Room Renting Agency has
opened offices at 2S9 Post st. If you want a
room, suite of rooms or flat call and see us.
We can furnUh you furnished or unfurnished
rooms and save you time, trouble and money.
I Full description, prices, etc., phone John 6581.
\ ROYAL HOUEE.128 Ellis— Incandescent lights;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms per r.ight, 35c to $1 60; week, $2
to $3; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
THE ST. KATHRYN. CORNER ELLIS AND
LEAVENWORTH STS.— POSITIVELY THE
SUNNIEST ROOMS IN THE CITY: NEW
SANITARY HAIR MATRESSES. BATHS,
ELECTRIC LIGHTS. TELEPHONE SERV-
ICE. HOT AND COLD WATER: EVERY
MODERN CONVENIENCE: ELEVATOR
ALL HOURS; ROOMS FROM $3 WEEK.
"THE LAUNSTON." 110 Eddy— Best tran-
■ slent and retrular house In city: 50c and $1.
THIRD, 308 (The A1U)— Nice clean transient
rooms from 2Rc up; also houeekpg. rooms.
TURK. 42— Beautifully furnished sunny rooms,
single or en suite, by day, week, month. .
TURK. 123 — Clean; sunny furnished rooms,
with board; suite or single; housekeeping;
_$5 up. ' -. ,
VENDOME. 1104 Market — Furn. rooms, suite
' cr single; suites $5 week ' up. . 15 Turk.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy, nr. Market *00
rooms 35c to $1 night, $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water In every
room; elevator, read. -room; free bus, baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d St.. nr. Market
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms:
35c to $1 50 nightly; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus. baggage.
!'
ROOMS AHD BOARD.
H^TE^r^L^lG^O^^ooT^ea^Tt^^ArgeC
'sunny rooms, board; suite*, with board for 2.
S&0 mo. :' single. > with board. $25 up; special
. family rates; lust renoTated.
RAUSCH, ; 85,' near Folsom— Good horn© for old
I - gentleman or. lady; terms cheap. •
j ELLIS, 453 — Best of i French tabla board by
lady cooks; also furnished rooms.
MASON; 615A, « near Sutter — Room and . board
> :. for lady; private family.. .- . .
CALIFORNIA; 807 — Best rooms, . table and ser- -
vice In .the city. for. the least money. •*.• i
ELLIS, 453 — Splendid single rooms, wits b«at
of French table board; reasonable, >"'''
SOOM8 AWD BOABP WANTED.
YOUNG lady wishes room and board, $20 per
month, within 7 blocks of Polk and O'Far-
rell sts.; references must be given. Box
8746. Call offlce.
ROOM with breakfast and dinner by single
man with highest references and accustomed
to refined home; price not exceeding. $S per
week. Box 3717. Call offlce. :_....•■.
WANTED — Board and care for girl of 9 years
with respected family; near school; German
preferred. Box 8741, Call.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
THE chance of a lifetime to buy the best
sewing machine in the world at little price;
We have about 150 new White sewing ma-
chines that are slightly shopworn; we shall
close them out at once at from ij to 1-3
usual price; also about 80 machines of all
other makes, good as new, at from $5 to $15
each, at the new retail store of the White
Sewing Machine Co.. 915 Market st.
ALL makes; 2c! -hand. $2. $5. $7. $9; new. $4. $9;
drop heads, 6-drawer. gold*n oak, $15; rented,
repaired; lowest rates. National Automatic
S. M. Co.. 146 Sixth St.; tel. Jessie 37H6.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use; best
Is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic offlce, 1021 Market St., nr. Sixth.
ALL kinds second-land $5. $8: slTehtly
used $10. $15, $20; you know where the dolls
swinsr In the window. 1051 Market st.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guoran-
teed. CHAS. PLAMBECK. 1915 Mission St.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
WAREHOUSES.
A — EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.: furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard St.. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 10 Drumm st.;
phone Mint 2941; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage A Moving Co.. of-
flce Post and Powell sts.: tel. Prlv. Ex. 571.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore st.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
st. ; tel. Main 1S40. Shipping at cut rates.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pases. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
STOP DRINKING.
; GUARANTEED cure; send 50c: tablet~form;
mailed In plain package: has cured thou-
sands. L. L. C. CO.. 417 Hayward bldg., S. F.
LEGAL NOTICES. ■
NOTICE — Office of Insurance Commissioner
State of California, San Francisco. December
— , 1904. — To whom it may concern: Pur- i
suant to the requirements of section 595 of
the Political .Code, notice is hereby given 1
that the Firemen's Insurance Company of
Baltimore has withdrawn from business in
this State, and said company Is no longer
authorized to transact business therein. E.
MYRON WOLF. Insurance Commissioner.
NOTICE— Offlce of Insurance Commissioner.
State of California, San Francisco, December ■
. £ — , 1904. — To whom it may concern: Pur-
suant to the requirements of section 590 of
" the ; Political . Code, notice Is hereby given
■ that the Greenwich Insurance Company of
New , York : has surrendered Its certificate of
authority previously granted by this depart-
ment. ' thus withdrawing from business in
this State, and said company Is no longer
authorized to. transact business therein. E..
MYRON WOLF. Insurance Commissioner. (
NOTICE— Offlce of Insurance Commissioner
State of California. San Francisco, Septem-
ber 17, - 1804. — To Whom It May Concern .
Pursuant to the requirements of section 5M
of the Political Code, notice is hereby given
that .the Thuringia Insurance Company of
Erfurt. Germany, has surrendered Its cer-
' tlflcatc ■ of authority previously granted by
this department. thus withdrawing from
. business In this State, and said company is
do longer authorized to transact business
therein. E. MYRON WOLF,
Insurance Commissioner.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. Dec 15. 1004.— To
.whom It. may concern: Be it hereby known
that. r. the copartnership heretofore existing
between > D. J. O'HARA and F. J. MO.VA-
> HAN, ■ under the firm came of MONAHAN '
O'HARA * 4k CO..- is . hereby • dissolved. The
■ said » D. -. 3;i O* H ARA : withdrawing * from the
»ald concern and his name 'discontinued.
DANIEL J. O'HARA. P. J.j MONAHAN.
KEAL ESTATE— CITT— POB SALS.
THOMAS MAGEE A SONS,
Real Estate Agents,
And
Publishers of "San Francisco Rial Estate
Circular."
. 5 Montsomery st.' *,
NEW PROPERTIES.
LARGE SECOND ST. SITE-.
$50,000—175x160; excellent site and »Ue for
manufacturing and wholesale purposes.
1N-TOUN BUY.
$36,000—27x137:6. and extra width In rear;
frontage on small street also; temporary im-
provements paying now $100 a month.
FINE PACIFIC AVE. RESIDENCE.
$35,000 — Large 2-story, attic and basement
residence of 14 \ - ery large rooms. 2 baths, large
cluthes closets washstands. 7 mantels, large
billiard-room, laundry, wineroorn, furnace, etc. I
. Neighborhood the best in the city and the |
most sought after to-day. '
PACIFIC AVE. HOUSES.
$30,000— Two first-class English basement ■
residences of 2 stories; leased for $75 and $80 I
respectively. '
POST ST. IX-TOWN BUT.
$28,000 — 4-story and basement building under
leases which bring In $135 a month now; when •
they expire this property should pay $175. 1
FINE PINE ST. SITE.
$27,500—75x137:6; near Pine and Taylor;
large residence which would pay $SO a month.
The size of this lot and the location make It
a most desirable one for Improvement with a
family hotel, apartment- bouse or large in-
FTNE> BUSH ST. CORNER.
$27,000 — Not far from Leavenworth: over
175 feet of frontage on two streets; best cor-
ner; present Improvements bring $100 a month.
This site Is adapted to many purposes; a build-
ing of doctors' and dentists' offices, a sana-
torium, apartment-boose, family hotel or stores
and Cats would pay readily and steadily.
OOOD FOURTH ST. BUT.
$25,000— 60-feet front: good 8-story building,
renting now for $270. and can be made to pay
a good deal better. Fourth street is on the
eve of a decided rise In values.
LARGE "WAREHOUSE SITE.
$25,000— 68 :©x275. with entrance* to two
small streets; near Seventh and Bran nan sts.
. ELLIS .BT. INCOME PROPERTY.
$18,000 — Nearly 85 ft. front by 137:6 ft. deep:
covered with frame Improvements paying over
$100 a month. By improving this property It
could be made to pay an excellent return.
THREE FINE NEW FLATS.
$18,500— Rents $155 a month: Just finished;
each flat has 8 rooms and bath, two toilets,
two washstands: all fine, light and sunny
rooms; good marine view; front rooms are ar-
ranged so that 4 rooms can be opened Into one.
Personal Inspection of these flats will convince
buyers of taelr desirability.
MISSION RESIDENCE.
$12.000 — Large bouse of 13 rooms and bath,
which, with little expenditure, could be
changed into three flats; lot is 30-ft. front by
112:6 ft. deem. Offer Invited.
CLEMENTINA ST. INVESTMENT.
$4150— Four flats; rents $42 a month. This
property will pay this rent steadily, as the
recta are low.
THOMAS MAGEE A SONS,
. 6 MONTGOMERY ST.
$80,000.
CLOSE TO GEARY AND TAYLOR.
Nearly 70 ft. front by 137:6 ft. deep.
Has rear frontage.
Excellent site for improvement and positive In-
crease In value.
Present old Improvements pay $230 a month;
could pay better.
THOMAS MAGEE A SONS,
5 MONTGOMERY BT.
FluLL STREET.
ONLY $100 A FOOT.
LOTS ANT FRONTAGE. 137:6 FEET DEEP.
THOMAS MAGEE A SONS.
B MONTGOMERY ST.
ONLT A FEW LEFT.
$1 25 PER WEEK.
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
$200 for choice lots. Excelsior Homestead
Tract; level as a billiard table: on grade:
close to fine school and Mission-st. electric
cars; bound to double in value.
$400 each on Installments of $10 per month:
no taxes; fine lots. near. Ocean boulevard;
best residence location south of Golden Gate
Park; these are the cheapest lots In this dis-
trict; advancing in price rapidly.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery St.. r. S. Phone Main 5704.
$10,500. INCLUDING bltumlnlzlng of St.: terms
to suit; 3 swell flats not yet completed: rents
$1080 per annum; every known possible lat-
est Improvement; 16 minutes from City Hall;
"th-ave. boulevard, nr. Fulton «t. ; dose to
the Park:' 5 car lines, one runs all night.
Call from 11 to 4. Seventh ave., nr. Fulton.
$1800— COTTAGE, 4 rooms; on 2Sth st.
MISSION REALTY CO.. 3297 fission at.
GOOD work our motto: prices moderate. AHL-
BACH & MAYER, plumbers. 836 Howard st.
KEAL ESTATE — COUTiTBx'— gor Sale.
$5000—80 ACRES of land, all under cultiva-
tion, with Improvements, in orchard section
of Sutter County: only three miles from
county seat and on line ■ of new Irrigation
ditch.
A snap If taken soon, but will not keep.
M. J. NEWKOM.
400 Second St., Marysville, Cal.
ATTENTION. HOME5EEKERS!
Send postal for catalogue of the best land
bargains In California. C. M. WOOSTER CO..
648 Market st. ■
CONTRA Costa County Real estate for tale.
Send for list. D. J. WEST. Martlne*. CsX .
MILL VALLEY at*T, r*-"'"^.
$300 TO $800 — Ten per cent cash, balance $10
! monthly : fine large lots : graded streets ; pure
mountain water; grand redwood trees;
charming views; right at the station; they
are selllns; fast; 130 lots sold; send for il-
lustrated booklet. LYON A HOAG, 11«
J Montgomery st.
t WANTED — 2 new flats, with attic and base-
) ment; prefer corner; $5000 cash: $100 month
t rent: no south of Market or Point Rich-
mond property; no agents. Box 3639, Call.
ALA1TEDA ADVEKT ? S ? MTS
: * ■ ft Tt * wtwd AJEKEAL ESTATB.^
FOR sale — New 5-r-cm shingle cottage: gas,
bath and electricity; centrally located. 912
Park St.; owner on property Sundays, or
; apply to.C. BARTLETT. 1233 St. Charles st.
; OAKLAND ADVEET ? S ? M ? TS
( OFFICE. 1016 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND SEAL ESTATE.
WE have clients looking for investments Is
, * Oakland property. ■ If you have either houiet
, or lots for sale call at our office or mall us
full description and prtce.TflS*HBBi|
C E. REED",
468 Kleventh st.. Oakland.
! NEW 5- room house; all conveniences; 819 5.V
et.. Santa Fe Tract; will sell at a bargair
Recount leaving city for gold fields. Applj
682 Merrimac St.. Oakland.
"A SNAP^-Cholce lot, 110x123. SW. cor. 21 ft
' and Myrtle eta.; will be sold ss a whole oi
1 ■ la subdivisions: aold to settle an estate. 1435
• Myrtle st. Oakland.
i ; O AXL ANT> FURNITURE * 7OS SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furn!-
■ ■ ture. H. Schelhaas," 11th st., cor. store, Oakland
SAW MATEO SEAL ESTATE.
LOMITA PARK.
As an Investment or for a hcme> site, a .Vk-
foot lot in Lotnlta Park offers exceptional ad-
vantages. Only 45 minutes from the city on
the San Mateo electric line; outside th« tog
belt: well located and drained; artesian water;
streets graded: water and sewer pipes laid.
Terms — A first payment of from $ll> up and
balance at $ll> per month. Easily within th»
reach of all. First placed on the market Au-
gust 1 and over half now sold. Must b« seen
to be appreciated. Go down and Investigate or
write to-day — to-morrow may be too Uta to
secur* a choice.
SELBY. RODGERS A CO..
Main 673. 116 California st.
Also at LOMITA PARK.
DITIDESD IJOTICTES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Italian American Bank,
corner Montgomery and Sacramento sts. —
For th« half-year ending December 31. a
dividend has been declared at tha rat* of
•"'.a Per cent per annum on all savings de-
posits, free of taxes, payabU on and after
Tuesday. January 3. 1005. A. SBARBORU.
President; A. E. SBARUORO. Cashier.
OFFICE of The Hibernia Savlnss and Loan
Society, cor. Market, McAllister and Jones
sts.— San Francisco. I>ec. 23. 1904.— At a
regular meeting of the board of directors of
this society, held this day, a dividend has
been declared at the rats of three and one-
half (3V^) per cent per annum on all deposits
for the six months ending December 31.
1904. fre« from all taxas. and payable on
and after January 3. 1S0S. ROBERT J.
TOBIN, Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE — Central Trust Company.
42 Montsomery street— For the six months
ending December 31, 1904. dividends bar*
been declared on the deposits in the savings
department of this company as follows: Oa
term deposits at the rate of 3 6-10 per cent
per annum, and on ordinary deposits at th«
rate of 3V» per cent per annum, free from
taxes and payable on and after Tuesday.
January 3. 1905.
H. BRUKXER. Cashlw.
DIVIDEND Notice — tan Francisco and Subur-
ban Home Building Society. 6th floor. Mutual
Savings Bank building. 708 Market si. op-
posite Third St.— For the half-year ending
December 31. 1904. a dividend has been de-
clared at the rate per annum of ten (10) per
cent on capital stock and participating cer-
tificates, free from taxes, payable on and
after Monday January t. VMA.
JOSEPH A. LEONAJtD. Manager.
J. M. DUKE. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice — California Safe Depoeit
and Trust Ccoijairy, corner California and
Montgomery sts. — For the six months ea ding
December 31, 1904, dividends have been de-
clared on the deposits In the savings depart-
ment of this company as follows: Oa terra
deposits, at the rate of 3 6-10 per cent per
annum, and on ordinary deposits at the rat*
of 3 per cent per annum, free of taxes, and
payable on and after Tuesday, January i.
1905. J. DALZELL BROWN. Manager.
DIVIDEND notice — Mechanics' Savings Bank,
southwest corner Bush and Montgomery sts. —
For the half year ending with December 31.
1904. a dividend has been declared at th«
rate of three and one-quarter (3Vi) pet cent
per annum on all deposits, free of taxes, pay-
able on and alter Tuesday, January 3, 1900.
Deposits bear interest from date received.
FREDERICK H. CLARK. Cashier.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— SECURITY SAVING3
BANK. 222 Montgomery st.. Mills building;
for naif year ending December 31, 13O*.
dividends upon all deposits at the rate of
three and one-<juarter <3V4> per cent per
annum, free of taxes, will be payable on
and after January 3. 1905. FRED W. RAY.
8ecrjetary.
HUMBOLDT Savings Bank, now at 629 Market
street, opposite Palar* Hotel, for the half-
year, en.llng December 31. 1&04. has declared
a dividend on deposits at the rate of thr*s
and one -quarter (3*i> per cent per annum,
free of taxes; payable on and after Tues-
day, January 3. 1005.
W. E. PALMER. Cashier.
DIVIDEND notice — Savings and Loan Society.
101 Montgomery st.. corner of Sutter. had
declared a dividend for the term ending
December 31. U»O4. at the rate of three an 1
cne-auarter (3^4) per cent per annum on all
depcslts. free of taxes and i&yable on and
after January 2. 1905. CYRUS W. CAR-
MANY. Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice — San STasclsco Savings
Union, 5.S California st.. cor. Webb— *"or the
half-year ending with the 31st of December.
1904, a dividend has been declared, at the>
rate per annum of three and one-hali (3Vi>
per cent en term deposits, and three (3) per
cent on ordinary deoosit?. free of taxes,
payable on and after Tuesday. January 3.
1905. LOVELL WHITE. Casoier.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Mutual Savings Bank of
San Francisco. 710 Market st.— For the hair-
jear ending December 31, 1904, a dividend
has been declared at the rate of three and
cne-quarter (3 Vi) per cent per annum on all
depcslts. free of taxes, payable on and after
Tuesday. January 3. 1905. GEORGE A.
ETORY. cashier.
THE Continental Building and Loan Associa-
tion of 301 California st.. San Franciacn,
has declared .a dividend for the six months
ending December 31, 1904. of 5 per cent per
annum on ordinary deposits; 6 per cent on
term de ops Its. and 7 per cent on class "F"
Installment stock. DR WASHINGTON
DODGE, president; WM. CORBIN. secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice — The German Savings and
Loan Society. 528 California st. — For tha
half-year ending December 31. 1904, a divi-
dend has been declared at the rate of three
and oce-quarter (3^4) per cent per annum
en all depesits. free of taxes, payable on
and after Tuesday. January 3. 1905.
OKOROK TOrBN'T. Secretary.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, Na. t
Smith Premier. $25: other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange. 536 California st.
ID-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webeter Typewriting Inspec. Co.. 509 Market.
stuttebiiio and stammssoro.
e"xp7^io^~of~melboctine~sch66l3^
Downtown. 521 Franklin, near McAllister. S
to 12. Open-air school. 810 Diamond St.; teL
Capp SI 73: 1 to 5 p. m. Details at either.
.MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Arthus Fllnier Jr.. 27. €24 McAllister street,
and Lillian M. Pohley. 26. 624 McAllister st.
Carl P. ColoneuB. 25. 1022 Ellis street. , and
Mabel H. Smith. 23, 1357 Geary «treet.
James H. Brown, SS. 3177 Minion street,
and Rosa Bujan. 24, city.
Albert K. Williams, 19, Oakland, and Viola
Smith. 20. Oakland.
Bernard J. Lycett. 25, 1031 Guerrero street,
and Mary F. McGrath, 24. 2S13 Howard st.
Henry F- Rlsbrough. 2$. 712 Sutter street.
and Elice A. Thall, 21, 808 Bush street.
Lloyd W. Hcrton, 21, fXH Taylor street. an4
Adaline P. Cornberser. 21. Oakland.
BIETHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHa
Birth, marriace and death notices sent by
mail 'will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the cubltcatlon offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
fres of charge.
_— __ _^
REILLY — In this city. December 29. 1904. to
tho wife- of John F. Rellly. a daughter.
MARRIED.
AMSLER— EDEN— In this city. In th* Flmt
United Presbyterian Chnrch. December 2H,
% 1904. by the Rev. H. H. Bell. Thomas B.
| Ampler and Ethel H. Eden, both of this city.
i CADY— JEFFRIES — In this city, in the First
I United Presbyterian Church. December ».
< 1904, by the Rev. H. H. Bell. Ira O. Cady
| anJ Mrs. Anna C. Jeffries, bcth of this city.
• JONES— PEARCE— In this* city, December 25.
1P04. bythe Rev. George W. White, pastor
of Central M. E. Church. Hugh E. Jones
and Marguesite C. Pearce. both of San Fraa-
clsco.
DIED.
j Barry Robert— 87. Kelly. Nellie— 30.
Bernhardt, Chas.— 54. Larsen. lAurlt* C— 21
' ! Boole. Barbara A. Lcrinj. Daniel W. — 67.
I Brown, James— 58. Lucy,. George J. — 83.
i Carrcll Then. F.— 50- Matot, Angellqae — A3.
| Catechi. John— 67. Mayer. Esther — 73
IChaponot. T. — 61. Moliestad. Jorcaa.
Chat.e. Judith C. — 71.. Phelon. Wm. P. — 7%.
Connolly. Mary — 76. P.egan. Sadie I.
j Conrad, Isabella — 19. 'Sarraille, Peter — 60.
, j Duffy. James— 75. Shaffer. Wm. E-— SO.
Edgar EllzabetlJ — 53. ailverberg. Henrietta —
Ferjrusort. Malcolm C. 54 years.
! Flycn Katl#— 29. -Smith. Jane— 80.
Ji;il*y John — 31. Spencer. Mary.
Harris. Sarah— 54. Tyrrel. Talltha A.— 27
llassmer, V. — 75. Von Kuseerow. Fan-
Healey. Patrick— S5. ny— 48.
1 Hopko, Edward F. — 57 Watkins. Rachel — 3S.
, Hcrsch. John— 70. Weber. Frank W.— 33.
' Jackson. Jane— 75. Wight. Wm. W. — 12.
BARRY — In this city. December 30. 1904.
Robart Barry, a native of County Cork. Ire-
land, aged 87 years 4 months and 15 d4>>.
f^rFriends and acquaintances and mem-
bers of the Gentlemen'* Sodality of St. Ijt-
• . r. itlus and St. Joseph's Union are respect-
felly invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9 a. m.. from the parlors of
j . . ■ €tontinued on Pace Fourteen.
1314
McAvoy & Cr. 1^39 Market • street, near
:."!nth. ttenre to .he Chajxl Dj Hi* t J\!*«on.
attached •« ft > f nr.. * I^.sp : ttl. ••«.•« ::■«• i-irtt
and Bryant :-.r*-..-ts. or .wvic*-* at io a. ::).
ir.tcnr.er.t H-iy '"roEs. t'cjn«;^r; : A r» ulprn
high »na*s wiilV c*l#t*it -<J f-"f t.* 1 . repose
4if J>t* son! T?e*da», Januni. •". ct the
Oiapel cf the i;v«slca. commence is- 3\,
» a. m. co-'
UEUNi*AlU)T -In this . city, December 23.
I«04. Ohar!*£ P.. i>e!ov«J hufbanC of K«.th-
erine IJerr.hatlt, and father of William, Ed-
waid. Oeonre and Gertrude Bernhardt, a
native of Germany, aired 54 years 11 month*
I ai'.d 2« da>». 'Son Joee papers please copy.|
EJ-Fncn.is and acquointanct* are respect-
r iHy Invtted in attend the Juncra! Saturday.
tv«n:!wr si. at I p. r.i., from the lnortuarj-
• ha pel cf tUf OoJdrJi Ga'e t;ndertak!r.£ Com-
uatij-. yjti :.!!«iion street. :iear Twenty-flr«.
[sjtennestCyjirea 1-awn Cemeterj'.
BM-LE- Ir. bt. LouU. I>ecrtr.b#r 2S. 1904.
Hhvi j .i A. liooie. wife <-r the late WHH«.m
A. i-.'C'.F.
g^-j'uaeral from *he r««idence of her «on,
Si4ij Ciay street. b»t\ve«n I^aurel and Wal-
nut. Ssturcay, December 31, at 2:So p. m.
latermeat private.
BHOWN— In the City ar,d County Hospital,
lvc*m!*r 23. 1904. James Brown, a native
of peamylwda. ageJ x>9 years.
CARROLL — In this city, December 23. 1904,
Thoir.as r.. beloved husband cf Alice Car-
roll an£ won of t*e late Mlcharl and Ann
CaUTon. anfi brother Of Jost-i.h !>.. Mlcharl
nnd Kerir Carroll. Mrs. Mary Doran and
th* late Jainfa Carroll, a native of New
York City, ag^d T«0 ytars 7 months and 21
days. I5«ew York papers please copy.)
CTTiienda *nd acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Ecturdayj. at 6:30 a. m...from the parlora
of the U-lted Undertakers, see Mission
rtreet, between Fourth and Fifth, thence to
Et. Rose's Church, where a requiem high
mass wiil be celebrated fcr the repose of his
soul, cemmencimr at 0 a. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
CATECHI— In this city. December 30. 1904..
John Catechl. beloved uncle of Nicholas C.
Catechl. a native of Greece, aged 67 years.
ET'Friends «us<S acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday). January 1, 10C5. frcm Holy
Trinity Greek Church. 317 Seventh street.
wher« services will be held at'l p. m. Re-
mains at the parlors of Theodor Dlerks. 057
Mission etreett between Fifth and Sixth.
Interment Servian Cemetery-
CHAPONOT— In this city, December 29 1904.
Touesalnt. belored husband of Mrs. Chapo-
not. and father of Charles E-. Hlppolyte.
Luc>r. C. and Abel F. Chaponot. a native
of France, agtd Cl years 3 months and 22
daye.
ETTrlenfis *nd acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
January 1. at 1:20 z>. zr... from the parlors
•of Iaccherl, Duclos A: Co.. 029 Broadway,
between Dusont and Stockton. Please omit
flowers. Interment Odd Fellows" Cemetery.
CHASE— In West Berkeley December 29.
1304 at her residence, 2103 Fourth etreet,
Judith C. beloved wife of Joseph P. Chase,
end mother cf Frank and William B. Chase,
a native of Nantucket, Mass., Aged 71 years
and 9 months. (Nantueket. Mass., papers
please copy.)
E7" Friend!" and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral •?rvices
Monday afternoon. January 2, 1905. at 1:30
p. m.. at the Ch-irch of the Good Shepherd,
corner of Ninth and Bristol streets. West
Berkeley. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery.
CONNOLLT— In thi* city. December 2S. 1904.
at her residence. 615 Hickory avenue. Mary.
widow of the late Michael Connolly, a na-
tive of Drinagh, County Corltl Ireland, aged
70 years.
C3* Notice of funeral hereafter.
CONRAD— In this city, December 30, 1904.
Isabella W. Conrad, widow of the late
Fredric Conrad, and mother cf Rasabe! E.
and James J. Conrad, a native of Spring-
field, Cal.. aged 49 years 4 months and 4
days.
JCTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral cervices
to-day (Saturday), at 3 p. m., at the chapel
of Odd Fellwws' Cemetery. Please omit
flowers.
Dl'FFY— In thi* city. December 30. 1904.
James Duffy, a native cf Ireland, aged 75
year* 9 months and 13 days.
EIKiAR— In this city. December 30, 1904,
E]!rat*>th Wither* Edgar, widow of the late
William Edtfar of Aetorla, Ore., a native of
Scotland, afit-d 5%. >ean>.
Eyrh*- funeral services will be held to-
morrow (Sunday), at 1 :30 p. m., at her late
residence. 34C2 Nineteenth street, near Va-
lencia. Friends are respectfully invited to
attend. Interment Cypres Lawn Cemetery,
by funeral car from Eighteenth and Guerrero
ttrefts.
FEIiGL'SON— In this city, December 30. 1904.
Malcolm C. beloved husband of Lizzie Fer-
«ru«on. and father of Rachel and Angus
Ferg-jscn. a native of Cape Breton, Nova
Scotia.,
ICNotiee of funeral in Sunday's papers.
FLYNN— In this city. December 30 1904, at
the parents' residence 12 William street.
Miss Katie, beloved daughter of Januc and
Ellen Flynn, and sister of John, Edward,
Mrs. M. Daly and the late Margaret Klynn.
aged 29 years. 1 month and 23 days.
HALEY— In this city, December 29. 1904.
John Haley, beloved son of the late Thomas
and Catherine Haley, and brother of Mre.
F. Alott and Daniel, Thomas and Michael
Haley, a native of Ean Francisco, aged 31
j rtrp. - ■ , .
E7" Fnends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
<6unday>. at 9::;0 a. m., from the parlors
of the H. F. Maass Company, 917 Mission
rtre*t, thence to St. Joseph's Church, corner
Tenth End Howard etreets, where services
will be held at 10 a. m. Interment Holy
<"ross Cemetery, via 1I:SO a. m. train from
Third and Townsend streets.
HARRIS— In this city, December 28, 1904,
Sarah, beloved wife of Herbert Harris, and
mother of Reginald. Mabel, Norman and
Edith Harris, and Bister of Miss Jane A.
gmith, a native of England, aged 54 years
and U daye.
CTTriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral ten-Ices to-morrow (Sun-
day). January I. VttO. at 2 p. m.. at her
late resldelice, 728 Shotwell etreet. Inter-
ment Cypress I>awn Cemetery, by electric
car from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
HAPSMER— In thl« city. December 30, 1904.
Valentine Hauemer. beloved husband of
Maria Theresa Hassmer. and father of Jacob
K. Hassmer. and grandfather of Valentine
F.. Albert E.. and Louis E. Hassmer a
native of Frel Weinheim. Hesse-Darmstadt,
Germany. ae«d 75 years 5 months and 6
days. A member of Suddeutscher Verein
an* Hermann SUmm No. 24, U. O. R D
CyNotlce of funeral hereafter. Please
omit flowers.
HEALEY— In this city. December 29, 1904,
Patrick Healey, a native of County Roecom-
mcm. Ireland, aged 65 year*.
E7Friend» and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday,
January 2. at 8 a. m.. from the Rarlor* of
Jamee McMenomey & Son. 1037 Mission
rtreet, opposite new Postoffice. thence to St.
Paul'* Church, Twenty-ninth and Church
streets, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at St a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
HOPKE— In this city, December 30, 1904.
Edward F. Hopke. a native of New York
City, aged C< years and 2 months. (Wln-
00 " 130 '- N - T - P*P«rs please copy.)
B^FYiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday) at 10 a. m.. from the parlors of
HalttedA Co.. 946 Mission street. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by electric
car from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
HORSCH— Entered lato rest, in this city
December 30. 1SO4. John, beloved husband o!
Annie Hornch. * n*tlv* of Manbelm, Ger
*n*ny, **ed 70 years 1 month and 6 days.
A member of Draymen's *nd Teamsters'
Lr.ion.
, C C7 !. T1> ? funer * 1 w"l take place to-morrow
(Sunday). January 1. at 1 p. m., from his
late residence. <<27 Minna street, between
BeveDth and Eighth streets. Interment
private.
JACKSON— In this city, December SO. 1904
Jane Jackson, cousin of Mrs. C. Smith * na-
Uvn of County Cavan. Ireland, aged 75 years.
KELLY — In this city, December 30. '1904
Nellie. be!oved wife cf Thomas Kelly, and
mother of Thomas Jr.. Michael and Babv
Kelly, and daughter cf Catherine Bowen. and
elrter of Mrs. Julia McCarthy and Daniel
Ut.wen. a native of San Francisco, aged 30
years 1 month and 8 days.
IT7"Fr1ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
'Sunday) January l. at 11 a. m.. from the
parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137-Mlssion
street between Seventh and Eighth, thence
to the Church of Et. Vincent de Paul
fitelner and Green etreeU. for services at
12 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery
LAREEN— In thU city. December 26 1804
Laurttr C. Larsen. be loved ton of the late
Tnger C. C. Larsen. and brother of Alfred
P. Larsen. a native of California, aged 2J
years 6 months and 6 days. A n*ember of
Martinez Aerie No. 725, of Eagles (Mar-
tinet papers please copy.) f
ETFritnds aad acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the runeral services
in Martlnei to-morrow (Sunday), January 1,
upon the arrival of the 6:3f> o'clock train
from Sao Francisco, where funeral services
will be held under the auspices of Martinea
Aerie No. 723, of Eaglee. at their hall. Re-
rr.alns at the carlors of H. P. Petersen A
Co.. 228 McAllister street.
LORING — In this city. December 29 1904.
I>an>! Webrter Loring, beloved husband of
Carrie M. Loring. and father of Viola
Alice. Daniel. Mabel. Frances and Myrtle
Loring. a native of Kentucky, aged 67 years.
LT.'CT — In thl» city. December SO. 1304, George
J.. belov-M son of Ellen aad the late Dennis
Lucy, and beloved brother of James W. and
Mae Lucy. Mrs. E. Masulre end Mrs. K.
Walter and the late John T. Lucy, a native
of San Francisco, aged 53 years.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
■ Sunday), «tt 12:30 p. m., from the parlors
of the United Undertaker*, 80S Mission
•treet, between Fourth and Fifth, thence to
fit. Rose's 'Church for. services at 1 p. m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MATOT— In this city. December • 2S, 1004, at
her residence, 173 Julian avenue. Angellque
!>.' Matot. beloved mother of Mrs. J. P.
*->a!. Mr*. A. B. WhltUer. Mrs. A. L.
• VsKivg-.v. Mrs. Evva Murray and E. L. and
■I. Matot. and arrandmother of George A.
£*al. * native of Canada, aged SS years 8
Bionths and 11 days.
t7Fn»ndi aad acquaintances are respect-
ful!/ Invited to attend the funeral Saturday. <
. December 81. af°10 a. m.. fro* the p*f' or "
::-et;rk-!n'& White, 428"|Jo!den Gate avenue.
' Inierrot'jit Cyprus? Law* Ce«n,».t«»?. "ia elerr
-*:iric fjuvrai. car Trom Eighteenth and'.'Gutr-
rersAretts. • ° o •.•■•■ ' • ■
MAY'UK— In- hi': city. December 30.° 1904.
K*ti;«r 2t*yer. 'i-ellct of the late Sampiw-n
Mayer. 8 .>d «i5'..'-r Mrs. II. ZI?yma:i. and
mt .t of 3J.S. r.osalla Greenbaum. Mre.
FT)-' Dero uuj, Mrs.- W. G. Jonw, Mrs. F.
ilujicit at.™ Ma tin, Abraham,
-"sadore -\z\<l i &.* Mayer, a native Ot
WesUbulia;- Cermany, iced ~Z yeari :i
mentns and 1J days. A -uember .il .th»
Assor««*ion oi Pioneer Women Ot Calliornifc.
S^*'-i<*ndjf ana rcqutlntancrs «.ni1 mem-
bers of the Association ot 1'ioneer Womea or
California, are respectfully Invltfd i( attend
Uie funeral services Sunday sno.mlng, Jar.i:-
ary 1. »t 10 a. m.". at the residence of lier
daughter. Mrs. Koalla Greenbaum. 3008
California street, thence liy 11:30 a. m. train
frcm Third and Townsend streets for ( In-
terment. '
MOLLESTAD— In thi* city, December 26. 1904.
Jordan Moliestad. belov«d brother of Andrew
NollAstad.
C^Kriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Saturday, December 31, at 2 p. m., at the
chapel at Cypress Lawn Cemetery. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
PHELON— In this city. December 29. 1904,
William Pike Phelon. beloved father of Wil-
liam Phelon, founder and elder brother of
the Hermetic Brotherhood of A. L. and E..
* native of England, aged 70 years 3 month:
and 1 day.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday.
January 2, 1905. at 11:30 a-^m., from the
chapel at Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
REGAN— In this city, December 29. 1904,
Sadie I., beloved* sister of Carrie Regan, a
native of San Francisco.
C7Ftiends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral Saturday, December 31,
frcm her lato residence, 1412 Hyde street,
thence to St. Brigld'a Church, where a sol-
emn reculem mass will be celebrated for
the repese of her soul, commencing at 9:90
a. m. Interment private, Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
EARRAILLE— In this city. December 28. 1904,
Peter Sarraille, dearly beloved husband of
Catherine Sarrallle, beloved son of the late
Pien-e and Jeanne Sarraille of France, and
father cf Michael J. and Adolph J. Barraille,
Mrs. Frank Trucco and Mrs. K. Maiatesta,
and brother of John and Babtiste Sarraille,
Bartholomeo Sarraille and Mrs. Pierre Rodl-
gon of .France and Mrs. Louis Breschoux
and Mr*. Aurtist Pontacq of Oakland and
the late Mr.. J. B. Slbere of San Jose, and
brother-in-law of Michael Cuneo and the
late Mrs. Louisa Spinettl. also Mrs. Victoria
Spinettl of New York and the late Mrs. Rose
Cuneo of Italy, a native of France, aged CO
years 5 months and 17 days.
(C7 Friends and acquaintances are reepect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
December 31. at 10 a. m., from his late resi-
dence. 525 Bay street, thence to Notre Dame
its Vlctoir*s (French) Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of hla «oul. commencing at 11 a. m..
thence from 423 Broadway at 1 p. m. ' for
Italian Cemetery.
SHAFFER— In this city, December 29. 1904,
William E. Shaffer, son of Edwin P.
Shaher, a native of Kansas, aged SO years 1
month and 23 days. A member of Cosmo-
politan Lodce No. 194, I. O. O. F., and late
corporal of Fifth Battery. Iowa Volunteers,
Hpht artillery. Spanish-American war.
(ET Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 p. m., from Odd Fellows'
Hall, corner Seventh and Market streets,
where services will be held under the
auspices of Cosmcx>olltan Lodge No. 194, I.
O. O. F. Remains at the parlors of Gantner
Bros. 1209 Mission street, between Eighth
and Ninth, until 1 p. m. Sunday. Interment
National Cemetery.
SILVEREERG— In this city, December 30,
1U04. Henrietta, beloved wife of Adolph
Silverberg, and beloved mother of Alice Sll-
vrrberg a native of Hanover. Germany, aged
54 y*ars 2 months and 15 days. •
Hf7"Friend9 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Sunday), at 10 a. m., at her late
r^idonce. .1505 Scott Etreet. Interment Home
of Peace Cemetery, by 11:30 a. m. train
from Third and Townsond streets. . »
SMITH— In this city. December 29, 1904. Jane
Smith, beloved mother of Mrs. W. Keegan
and Mathew, James and Edward Smith, and
sister of Mrs. R. McGillan and Miss Bella
McPhylomy. a native of County Tyrone, Ire-
land, aged SO years.
CT' Friends and acquaintances are respect-
ful!y invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday). January 1, 1905. at 12 o'clock,
from her late residence, 226 Rc«« avenue,
between Lamina and Octavla, thence to
Sacred Heart Church for services at 12:30
P. m. A requiem mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul Tuesday morning,
January 3. at Sacred Heart Church, at v
a. m. Interment ,Holy Cross Cemetery.
EPENCER— In this city. December 27, 1904,
Mary, widow of A. G. Spencer, and beloved
mother of T. F. Spencer of Spokane, Wash.,
and F. A. Spencer of Portland. Ore.
(CT'Funeral from St. Mary's (Paulist)
Church, Dupont and California streets, at
2 p. m. Saturday, December 31. Interment
at grave private. Remains at chapel of N.
Gray & Co.. 357 6utter Btreet.
TYRItEL— In this citw December 29, 1904.
Talltha A., beloved wife of Horace W.
Tyrrel. and mother of Frances, Olivia,
Eugene T. and Laurence Tyrrel, a native
of California, ajred 27 years 11 months and
29 days. (Santa Roea papers please copy.)
G7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
January 1. 1905. at 10 a. m., from 2475 Mle-
fiion etreet. near Twenty-first. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland.
VOX KUSSEROW — In Hamburg, Germany,
December 8. 1904, Fanny von Kusserow (nee
Lemmcn-Meyer). a native of San Francisco,
a*r«Hl 46 years.
WATKINS — In this city, December 29, 1904,
Rachel A. Watkins. beloved wife of Alex
Watkins. and slater of C. M.. V?. W., H.
D. and F. K. Brown and Mrs. W. S. Ball,
a native of Ean Francisco, aced 38 years
and 12 days.
WEBER— In Seattle. December 28. 1904.
Frank W., dearly beloved husband of Nome
Weber, and brother of Albert Weber, a na-
tive of New York, acred 35 years and 2
months.
CrXotlce of funeral hereafter.
WIGHT— In thlo city, December 29 1904,
William W., beloved husband of Delphlna
Wtpht. and father of Runsell and Lollta
Wight, and brother of Miss E. B. Wight,
a native of Pennsylvania, aged 42 years 9
months and 19 days.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
FRIDAY, DECEMBER SO.
Fanny and Willa Danson and Mary Le« to
Marie C. Fey (wif« of Charles), lot on W lln«
of Brotferick street. 66 S of Eddy, 8 27:6 by
W 100; $10.
John C. Brickell to Minna W. Sheehy (Bor
land), lot on E line of First avenue. 332:7 N
of Point Lob«s avenue, N 108 by E 120; $10.
' Minna W. Sheehy (Borland) to Peur J. Mo-
Hugh, tune; $10.
Meyer A. Edwards to Benjamin M. and
Florence E. Harris, lot on S Una of Frederick
street, 180:7% E of Cole E 25 by S 137:6- $10
William H. Desran to Blanche Wertheimef
(wife of B. E.), lot on E Una of Maple street,
©6 N of Sacramento. N 31:8% by B 112:6; $10
W. E. and Mary C. Osborne to Bessie H.
Stetson (wife of John W.), lot en N line of
Clay street. 40:9 E of Maple, B 28 by N
100: $10.
John W. Stetson to Bessie H. Stetson, same
gift.
J. S. Morgan & Sons to Charles T. Spader,
lot on NE corner of Twenty-fourth and Dolores
streets. N 61 by E 117:6; $£250.
Charles T. and Anita L. Spader to Sophia R.
Stockman, lot on NE corner of Twenty- fourth
and Dolores streets. N 25 by E 117:6; $10
Estate of Margaret E. Walruth (by A. D.
Cuahing (executrix) to James D. Brennan, lot
on E line of Dolores street, 51:6 N of Thir
tieth,N 25 by E 1C0; $S25.
John Center to Jacob Adams, lot on NW cor
ter of Twentieth street and Treat avenue W
60 by N 95: $10:
Selden and Helen T. Sturges to William F
Stubbs, lot on S line of Twentieth street. 384
E of Caetro. E 25 by S 114; $10.
Johanna J. Stokes (wife of H ) to
B. P. Oliver, lot on W line of Montgomery
street. 34:4% If of Sutter, N 68:9 by W
60; $10.
Catherine McCabe to F. K. Houston lot on S
line of Sutter street. 68 W of Grant avenue
W 22 by S 76; $10.
F. K. and Mary F. Houston to Daniel Roth
same; $10. '
Fannie A. and James M. Harcourt (by Carl
W. Elfvlng, commissioner) to Ella Harnold
lot on S lint of Pine street, 187:9 W of Taylor
W 43 by S 137:6; $23,093. * '
Ella H. Arnold to Burrell O. White, same;
Estate of William Williams (Incompetent)
<hy John W. Williams, guardian) to Watson
Brown, lot on SW corner of Francisco and
Leavenworth streets. W 137:6 by S 137:6;
Joseph W. Lomelino to Thomas Kent lot on
N line of Union street, 97:6 E of Larkin B
*0 by N 37:6. and lands adjoining; $10.
Agnes J. Connolly et al to Mattle Boyd lot
on SE corner of Ellis and Larkin streets S
30 by S 67:6; $10.
Estate of Margaret Hughes 'by Agnes J
Connolly, executrix) to same, undivided. H of
same; $12,312.
Daniel O'Brien to Abraham W. Johnson, lot
on SW line of Harriet street 102 NW of
Folsom. NW 23 by SW 75; $10. "
Ernest D. Fell to Augusta M. E. Fell lot
commencing 350 S cf Lake street and 30-6 W
of Third avenue. W 27. S 94:1% to California
street. B 27:1%. N 91:4>.i; gift.
Charles E. and Mathilde Church to Stephen
H.* Austin, lot on .E line of Thirteenth avenue
175 N of Clemtnt street. N 25 by E 120; $10.
Abraham (or A.) Ruef to Solomon Gets lot
on SW corner cf Forty-eighth avenue and Q
street. S 300. W C5, N 801, E 80; $10.
Thomas Moran to Frank B. . Worley. lot on
CE corner of Nineteenth street and Railroad
av«nue. 6E &7, SW 100 NW 21. NE 106. block
SS6, South San Francisco Homestead; $10.
H London (assignee of Frederick, . or Fred,
Strassburg) to Fred Str&ssburg, lot on NB
line of Holly street. 116:6 NW of -West Park.
E 73:5. N 50, W 1O3:3>4. SE 58:3. lots 5 and
e. block 3. Holly Park; $10.
- Axnalla Struckmann and Fred aad Emma
Strassburg to William H. Beatty, same; $10.-
Anna D. Joost • to Raymond ■ J. Machen.-^ lot
12. block 36,: City Land Association; $200. -■
W. &nd Mary E. Tracy to ' Luther G. ■ and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAYS DECEMBER 81, 1004.
-.-■■.■.•., " , i 7* . " •'--•■. — . .....'■
I Claret <#» O. Bulbey, Jot on SW line of Palmer
! ftreft. 2CM $*!; of Harper. SE 25 by SW 100,
lot U, blc-W 20. ftilrn;ount: #10. * • '. •
Our LadyS, Home to Catherine Caulfield.
Iotr25»fcnd 30, Bernal Hojn»slead AssodsUqn;
510. . . - '
t. C. and Man" E. Coog*n %o M*y K.
Cocg-an, lot on SW line Of Eighth avenu*,
TJX' SE of I* strait. SE. 75 by 8W 100. Mock
154. South Sin Francisco Homestead ; gift. .
: Jacob H»yy»ian «Jornp«ny to Annitf Kellner,
lot on B corne? of Wayland »nd Giran! streets,
BE 100 W NK 45. block % University. Mounci:
fclse lot :n line oi V.'ayland street. 70 NE
of Cl.-ard, r'U 00 Jj- SK ! 00, < Mock 6, lame;
MO.
::ela£. or Clrules T. iSUI- (by Ucors* K.
liTIlij .-idmln!' trator) to Jacob W»lBSl>Mn. un
divided 3 ', cf lot on-W corner of West avenm
ai:d P.utcn s'-irrt. XE 125. ?W 115. SE 55.
E 102. XE 05, lot- ~> to i>3. MocV 1, Holly
Park; J27S.
Estate of Elliafceth E11U (by Geor*> E. *nd
Selena E. Ellis, esecutors) to same, undivided
V4 same; $1115.
George E.. Selena E. and William R. E11U
to same. -.^divided % of same; $836.
Jacob and Beztha G. Weissb*ln to Jacob
Heyman Company, lot on W corner of West
avenue and Patton street. NW 100. SW 115,
NE 102. NE 85, lota 29 to 32. block 1, Holly
Park; $10.
Builders' Contracts. .
A. A. Schumann (owner) with JamM P.
Burke (contractor), architect A. J. Barnctt —
All work for a two-story frame dwelllne on
S line of Twenty-fourth street, 75 E of-Ver
mont. E 25 by S 50; f 2475.
Charles Holbrook (owner) with George R.
Lang (contractor), architect Nathaniel Blais
dell — Alterations and additions (except eleva
tor work, plumbing, sewering, electrical wiring
and palntinc) to a four-story and basement
building on N line of Sutter street, 123 W of
Sansome, W 122 by N 137:8; $7613.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Fifteen.
2000 Forty Oil 47
760 Associated Oil 29
Afternoon Session.
Board —
4863 Associated Oil XT
Mining; Stocks. ■
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE
Following: were th« sales on the San Fran
oleco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session — Comstocks.
800 Andes 29 1 200 Ophir 6 25
200 Andes 30| S00 Ophir 0 60
200 Best & Belch.l 20| 50 Ophir 6 37%
800 Caledonia .... 44 1 300 Overman 08
BOO Chollar 28| 500 Potosi 19
200 Con Cal & V.I 00| 800 Sierra Nev.... 62'
3U0 Con Cal & V.I 95| 700 Sierra Nev.... 83
100 Crown Point.. 16! 200 Sierra NeV.... IA
600 Gould & Cur. 25 itOO Union Con 75
100 Gould & Cur. 26 900 Union Con.... 70
400 Mexican 1 80 100 Yellow Jacket. 17
1300 Mexican 1 S5|
Afternoon Session — Corostocks.
300 Andes 40i 100 Crown Point... 17
600 Andes 41| 100 Gould & Cur. 29
100 Best & Belch.l 301 700 Mexican ......2 10
300 Best & Belch.l 20| 200 Ophir 7 60'
300 Con Cal & V.2 10| 2CO Ophir 7 C2>£ i
1C0 Con Cal &. V.2 C5| 100 Potosi 21 j
800 Con Cal & V.2 1SI 300 Savage- 28
100 Bullion 2*1 700 Sierra Ner. ..: ti
1700 Bullion 25 100 Sierra Nev 61
200 Bullion 28 200 Silver Hill 61
COOO Bullion 28 500 Union Con.... 85
1000 Bullion 29 300 Union Con.... 83
100 Challenge ... 22 100 Union Con.... 84
1000 Chollar SO 1700 Utah 11
100 Confidence ... 75
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha 12 Hfjulia 06 08
Alta 07 OOjJustlce C9 11
Andes ..; 40 41.|Kentuck 02 03
Belcher 24 2<i|I^ady Wash ..03 05
Best & Belch.l 15 1 20|Mexlcan 2 C5 2 10
Bullion 2S 20iOccldental ... 83 85
Caledonia .... 43 45IOphir 7 62 T 76
Challenge ... 23 24 Overman 10 11
Chollar 29 3l|Potosl 22 23
Confidence ... 75 SOIKcorplon 14 16
Con Cal & V.2 05 2 in|Sava*e 27 29
Con Imperial. 01 02tSeg Belcher... 08 10
Con NT 03 OejSlerra Nev «3 64
Crown Point.. 17 ls'silver Hill 60 fi3
Eureka Con.. — 50!St. Louis .... — 07
Exchequer ... 48 flOlSyndicate .... 18 20
E. Sierra Nev C3 os'Tnion Con S3 S4
Gould & Cur. 29 30lUtah 11 12
Hale & Norc.l 00 1 10'Tellow Jacket. 17 18
TONOPAH AND GOLDFIELD STOCKS.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Tonopah.
Bid.Aik-l Bid. Ask.
Ton <rf Nev. .8 70 9 87 Ton & CaJ.... — 15"
Mont Ton ..,1 82 1 87 Ray & O'Brien 06 07
Ton Exten . . — 2 90 Paymaster ... 02 03
MacNamara . 28 2S:Mlzpah Ex .. 12 —
Ton Midway.. 83 35|Little Ton ... — 89
Ton Belmont.. 66 70|Gsperanza .... 01 02
Ton N Star... 19 SlIGoId Anchor.. 17 22
Ton Ohio .... — 20|Quincy 11 —
West End ... 12 l(i|N Y Ton Con. 13 14
Ton Gold ML 14 18 Timber Hill ..25 —
Rescue 00 07
GoldHeld. '•';
Sandstorm ... 60 Si; Black Butte.. 24 —
Red Top .... 16 ■ 17|Booth M Co.. — 13
GoMfleld Mhk 17 . — Blue Bull ... 15 20
Columbia .... 20 22| Adams 10 12
Diamondfleld. 30 35iSilver Pick ... — 18
Jumbo C8 60iMay Queen ..16 —
Jumbo Ex .. 26 30'Nevada Boy... 17 —
Vernal Mln .. 12 13IOriR Bullfrog. 15 17
Pennsylvania — 09! Bullfrog: Mln.. 69 —
Goldfleld 65 70Blk Butte Ex 10 —
Kendall 20 21! South Western 60 —
Oakland 25 301
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday :
Morning Session.
1000 Black Ants.. 06] 1500 Orig Bullfrog. 17
400 Dixie Mln ... 20| 500 Red Top 17
1000 Free Gold M. 1411200 Sandstorm ... 50
600 Jumbo .^ CO 1 2750 Sandstorm ... 63
200 Jumbo 59/2500 Ton Belmont.. C8
2000 MacNamara . 2T1I 500 Ton Belmont.. 69
2000 MacNamara . 301 C00 Ton Midway. . 33
6100 MacNamara . 2SI3000 Ton Midway. . 84
700 Mont Ton ...1 851 100 Ton of Nev. 9 62H
1600 N Y Ton Con 1012000 Ton N Star... 20
1000 Orig Bullfrog. 151
Afternoon Session.
1000 Gldfld Red L. 06|1000 Orig Bullfrog. 15
500 MacNamara . 2811000 Orig Bullfrog. ]6
2000 MacNamara . 22J. 500 Sandstorm ... 50
1100 Mont Ton ...1 8fl| 100 Ton Belmont.. C9
100 Mont Ton...l 87% 100 Ton Belmont.. 67
750 N Y Ton Con 09 600 Ton Belmont.. 08
500 N Y Ton Con 11 200 Ton Midway.. 33
2500 N Y Ton Con 10 200 Ton of Nev...0'7B
300 N Y Ton Con 0811500 Vernal Mln ..12
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bld.Ask.j BId.Ask.
Black Butte.. 20 — jN Y T Con M. 09 —
Blue Bull .. — 20jOrlg Bullfrog. 15 16
DIamondfield. 27 30|Paymaster ... 03 04
Dixie Min ... — -20 Pa Goldfleld.. 02 09
Esperanza ... — 02 Ray A O'Brien — 06
Free Gold M. — 15 Red Top 15 17
Gold Anchor. — 25 Rescue 06 07
Goldfleld B Bl — 05 Rothwell O M. 10 50
Goldfleld Min. 67 6d Sandstorm ... 81
Gldfld Red L 05 06 Ton Belmont.. 67 68
Goldfleld S Pk — 18|Ton Exten . . — 3 10
Hazel Kirk .. — 12 Ton Gold Mt. 15 16
Jumbo 58 60 Ton Midway.. 3S —
Jumbo Ex .. — 22 Ton of Nev.9 76 9 87^
Lucky Tom .. 05 IB Ton N Star... 18 21
MacNamara . 27 29| Vernal Min ..12
Mont Tn.l 82% 1 87%IWest End ... — 20
Nev Goldfleld. 67 —I
IiATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday. December 30.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, 70% hours from
Portland, via Astoria 65% hours.
Stmr Argyll, Gllboy. — hours from Alca
traz Landing.
Stmr New6boy, Lee, 76 hours from Crescent
City.
Stmr Phoenix. Odland, 62 hours from
Eureka.
BAILED.
Friday. December SO.
Stmr Harold Dollar, Thwing, Seattle.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Dee SO— Schr Louise,
from Umpqua River.
ABERDEEN— Sailed Dec 80— Schr Matthew
Turner, for Sydney; stmr Santa Barbara, for
San Francisco. .
Arrived Dec 80— 8tmr Santa Monica, hence
Deo 27; schr Oceania Vance, from San Pedro.
MISCELLANEOUS.
ABERDEEN. Dec 30 — The bark 8 D Carle
ton, previously reported ashore here, Is still
ashore; four tuars made an unsuccessful at
tempt to tow vessel off to-day.
Pot and Kettle.
No better instance of a very black
pot reproaching a kettle for blackness
has occurred for many a day than the
protest of the St. Petersbursr Govern
ment against the British "diplomatic
mission" which has "made Tibet prac
tically a British instead of a Chinese
province. Russia complains that Bri
tain promised only to regulate ..trade
between India and Tibet, but. has es
tablished instead a virtual protectorate
over the. land of. the lamas. She also
asserts that China's rights : have [been
invaded. There is ; some ; sense ■ in this
latter contention, but fancy. Russia pos
ing as the champion ; of ', China's ter
ritorial integrity 1— Cleveland . Plain
Dealer. . ■
PETER ; BARNT73I POTTS
Gives a Slack Wire Performance
IN NEXT SUNDAY'S
COMIC SECTION. :
MAY ESTABLISH
WHIPPING POST
AV.ishington Grand Jury
. Acts Favorably on Sugges
tion. Offered bv President
PREVENTS PETTY CRIME
It Is Believed That Use of
the "Cat" Would in Great
Measure Stop Wife Beating
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 30.— In a re
port submitted to Chief Justice Alvey
ot the District of Columbia Supreme
Court to-day the Grand Jury recom
mended the establishment of the whip
ping post as a means of punishment
for wife beaters. The penalty was first
suggested in President Roosevelt's an
nual message to Congress, and the
Grand Jury recently took it up for
discussion. By a majority vote it re
corded its approval of whipping posts
not only for wife beaters, but for petty
larceny offenses. The Grand Jury says
In its report:
"The desirability of establishing the
whipping post as a means of punish
ing wife beaters and petty larceny of
fenses has been investigated by this
body, and a majority of the members
are of the opinion that it would prove
very effective in decreasing the num
ber of these reprehensible crimes."
The President in his message dis
cussed district affairs and it having
been brought to his attention that there
were from one to three cases at wife
beating in Washington each day and
that the offenders were usually sent to
the Workhouse, while the wife and
children suffered, he suggested some
form of corporal punishment. Since
then there has been a wide discussion
ending in the endorsement of the idea
erf a whipping post by the Grand Jury
to-day.
While there is a large colored popu
lation in the whipping
post is not suggested because the negro
men are the more numerous offenders.
It is said that the cases . are about
equally divided between the blacks and
whites and if the whipping post should
be set up there is little doubt that
blacks and whites alike would be pun
ished with the "cat."
HIGH HONOR CONFERRED
UPON* COUNT CASSINI
Czar Decorates Him With the Order
of Alexander Nevsky in
Diamonds.
WASHINGTON, Dec 20.— Count Ca«
eini, the Russian Embassador, to-day
received notice from Count Lamsdorf,
the Russian Minister of Foreign Af
fairs, that the Emperor has conferred
upon him the order of Alexander Nev
sky in diamonds. This is the "highest
grade of this distinguished order.
Count Cassini was : previously given
the lower grade, but the order in dia
monds is one of the highest distinctions
the Czar bestows on the servants of the
Government who have performed long
and distinguished services. The only
other members of. Russia's diplomatic
service who have this order of Alex
ander Nevsky in diamonds are the
Russian Embassadors in Rome and
Berlin.
Count Cassini has probably more
decorations than any diplomat in
Washington, as his service has been
much longer and more varied than that
of any of his colleagues. He wears
the Order of the Legion of Honor, be
stowed by France: the Order of the
Double Dragon, which was conferred
upon him during his service as Russian
Minister at Peking, and the Order of
the Red Eagle, which he received from
the Emperor of Germany.
MEXICANS KILL A MAN
FOR BOTTLE OF WHISKY
Brutal Murder Is Committed After
Slayers Had Spent Night With
Their Victim.
PHOENIX. Ariz., Dec. 30.— Edward
Porter, a blacksmith, was fiendishly
murdered last Saturday night. Porter
went to a saloon some miles from the
railroad construction camp where he
was employed after finishing his day's
work, meeting two Mexicans he knew,
named Jose Martinez and Joe Carson.
En route home over a lonely mountain
trail they killed Porter to get posses
sion of a bottle of whisky, crushing hia
head and cutting his throat. Dragging
the body to the Gila River, t they dis
emboweled it and threw it * in. The
murderers have confessed. S't^i
AGED WOMAN IS BURNED
TO DEATH IN THE SOUTH
Gasoline Explosion Snuffs Out life of
Wife and Brings Terrible In
juries to Husband. .
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 30.— Mrs. Mary
D. Thorn, aged 75, was burned to
death in her home this evening and her
husband, Jacob i'; Thorn, terribly
scorched. The old couple were alone
in their home and while the wife was
preparing dinner the gasoline tank ex
ploded, enveloping '. her in burning oil.
She was consumed , with the house.
The aged husband, who is a Union
pensioner, strove in vain to save her.
Failing in that, he tried to rescue his
pension papers from a locked bureau
and was blistered air over.
RAILROAD TRACK NEAR
RENO COVERED WITH SAND
RENO, Nev.,. Dec. 30.— One of the
heaviest sandstorms ever witnessed in
Southwestern Nevada occurred this
afternoon on the desert between the
towns of Schurse and ; Gillis , and com
pletely covered the track of , the Carson
and Colorado Railroad with ; sand f or
nearly a Quarter of a mile. "The; sand
averaged : a ; foot . in depth ; and traffic
was " blocked on the : road until a late
hour to-night. .
May ; Work Mine Surface.
? NEVADA, Dec.' SO.-^Thomas S. : Ford,
attorney, for the defendant, obtained an
order to-day* modifying | the injunction
which was ■ granted , against the Cham
pion mines in the suit ofthe.Home Gold
Mining' Company vs. the ■.Thompson'
Mines. : By : the : change in the order j the
defendant's ; given permission" to l work
on the surface of .'■ disputed ground.
DR. CHADWICK
IN NEW YORK
Husband of the Spectacular
'•Woman Financier Arrives
bii Vessel From Europe
INSANITY HER PLEA
Further Indications That
She Will Offer It as an,
Excuse for' Her Actions
NEW YORK, Dec. 30.— The steam
ship Pretoria, from Hamburg, Dover
and Bologna, bearing Dr. Leroy Chad
wick of Cleveland, the husband of Mrs.
Cassie L. Chadwick, as a passenger,
arrived here early this morning.
CLEVELAND, Dec. SO.— Bertillon
measurements were taken of Mrs.
Chadwick to-day by a Government
secret service expert. The purpose of
the system is the identification of crim
inals.
Investigation discloses that there are
no Bertillon measures of Mme. Devere
on record at the Ohio penitentiary. The
system was in vogue prior to her com
ing to the prison, but it had been dis
continued when she was incarcerated.
Since then the system -has been re
stored. The prison record contains a
very minute description of Mme. De
vere, however.
TO RELY OX INSANITY.
Dr. C. J. Aldrich, the alienist, again
called at. the county jail to see Mrs.
Chadwick to-day, but upon instructions
issued by United States Marshal
Chandler he was refused admittance.
Dr. Aldrich stated that he was making
a study of Mrs. Chadwick at the re
quest of her counsel.
Several other matters developed in
the Chadwick case to-day that seem to
indicate insanity as her almost certain
line of defense. It was leaned that Dr.
H. C. Tyman, superintendent of the
Masslllon State Hospital for the Insane,
made an examination of the woman
last Tuesday. Dr. Tyman's visit was
kept secret at the time. He is one of
the ablest and best known practical
alienists and specialists on insanity in
Ohio.
SIGNIFICANT CONFESSION.
CHICAGO, Dec. SO. — Did the far
famed Ohadwick securities originate
in Pitteburg? This was the question
raised in local police circles to-day,
following the confession said to have
been made to Detective Wooldridge by
S. J. Jacobs, who was sentenced to
two years in the penitentiary yester
day for alleged "wildcat" insurance
operations.
According to Detective Wooldridge,
Jacobs told him a story of his alleged
relations with Mrs. Chadwick, saying
that some time ago the woman was
in Chicago and broached to him a
plan whereby they were to go to New
York, and, in Mrs. Chadwick's re
ported phrase, "clean up Wall street."
Jacobs is reported to have said that he
thought seriously of the project, but
that his wife was jealous of the Chad
wick woman and he therefore gave
It up. :-:y--
This confession, together with the
police knowledge of Jacobs' alleged
propensities for manufacturing worth
less securities, caused the authorities
to suspect that the "Carnegie note" and
other securities, which certain Eastern
men said they "would rather die than
tell about," came from Chicago.
HANDSHAKE DELAYED
ADMISSION OF STATE
Why New Mexico Was Not Admitted
to the Union Some Thirty ':. ''
Years Ago.
"A handshake once cost New Mexico
statehood," said Bernard S. Rodey.
Territorial Delegate, who is working
day and night to have the land of cacti
admitted to the Union.
"It was in 1874, when the bill was
up giving statehood to New Mexico
and Colorado. Senator S. B. Elklns of
West Virginia, was then delegate from
New Mexico. He was younger than at
present and not so widely known, and,
naturally, he wanted friends. Senator
Burrows of Michigan, then represented
a Michigan district in the House. One
of those hated force bills was up be
fore fcongress, and Mr. Burrows had
made a hot speech in favor of It. Mr.
.Elkins was In the cloakroom, and did
not know what Mr. Burrows had been
talking about, but he did know that
the Michigan man had been making a
hot speech, for he had heard the ap
plause. When Mr. Burrows had fin
ished Mr. Elkins rushed out of the
cloakroom and, meeting Mr. Burrows,
warmly shook both his hands.
"The Southern members had been
listening and were in no very happy
mood after the lashing that they had
received. They knew what Mr. Bur
rows had said, and they saw Senator
Klkins extend his effusive congratula
tions. Now it happened that Senator
Elkins needed just fourteen Southern
votes to have his statehood bill called
up, and he had arranged for them. In
fact, they were going to call up and
pass the New Mexico measure and let
the Colorado "measure wait. A South
erner walked straight up to Mr. El
kins. 'If those are your sentiments,
Mr. Elkins, your territory can remain
out of the Union until it rots before it
will come in with our votes,' said the
irate . Representative. . Sixteen others
from the South who had been former
ly well disposed seconded the declara
tion of their colleague. And they kept
their word."
Mr. Rodey says that New Mexico
has been knocking at the door of Con
gress for. statehood since 1850. It made
an effort when California became a
State. Later a claim of Texas to a por
tion of the territory prevented New
Mexico from landing. The United
States bought off Texas for $10,000,000,
but it prevented New Mexico from get
ting into the Union.
According to Mr. Rodey Senator Bev
eri<Jgewill call up the statehood meas
ure after the holidays. - It will be made
unfinished business In the Senate,' arid
: will -be pushed through. The one thing
Mr. Rodey fears is filibustering against
the bill, ' which ■ would : prevent a i vote
this session. "If we have ; a ' vote the
States- will be admitted," said Mr.
RodeyJlBBfHj
- : HAS MIRACULOUS ' ESCAPEX'— Though
tossed several times In the air by the -ma
chinery of. a dredger George Axman,' a 16-year
old boy, ; escaped -.with - a' few bruise*. .The
dredger was working In San Pablo Bar*
MAKES REPORT
ON MANEUVERS
General MacArthur Gives
Official Account of the
Encampment at Atascadero
FAVORS A CONTINUANCE
Says California Militiamen
Greatly Benefited by the
Sojourn With tlie Regulars
WASHINGTON, Dec. SO.— General
MacArthur, commanding the Pacific di
vision, in his report on the Joint ma
neuvers held during the summer at
Atascadero, Cal., and at American
Lake, Wa^h., says the most notable
event connected with the maneuvers
resulted from the resourcefulness of the
signal corps under Lieutenant Goodale
at American Lake, -where, under the
pressure of emergencies, many ingen
ious and valuable electrical demonstra
tions were made. The report recom
mends a permanent continuance of the
maneuvers. In a special report on the
California maneuvers General MacAr
thur, speaking of th« results of the
training received by the troops, quotes
a colonel of & California regiment as
6aying that they had learned that It
was necessary to march fifteen miles
to fight fifteen minutes and says:
"The formulation of such a truthful
and almost classical epigram as the re
sult of experience gained during the en
campment is in itself of sufficient im
portance to Justify the entire expense
of the undertaking."
Major William P. Duvall, chief um
pire at the maneuvers at Camp Atas
cadero, Cal., In his report says the dis
tinct advantages of these field exercises
were demonstrated everywhere.
The report of Assistant Adjutant Gen
eral Evans, chief of the umpires at the
maneuvers held at American Lake, par
ticipated in by the troops of the regu
lar army and militia from Idaho,
Washington and Oregon, tells of the
problems worked out and makes a
number of recommendations, the prin
cipal one of which Is that the Govern
ment should own its own maneuver
grounds because of the difficulty in ad-
Justing claims for damages, some of
which are declared to have been ex
orbitant. Major Evans regards the
site occupied at American Lake as ad
mirably adapted for military maneuver
purposes and ideal as a point of de
parture for troops requiring transporta
tion on the Pacific Ocean.
A National University.
The idea of a national university
at the capital city of the country,
which has been long discussed and
received the favor of many promi
nent educator.! and others, is said to
have a prospect of being in a man
ner realized, with Columbian Univer
sity at Washington as the nucleus. A
movement was started, or rather re
newed, a couple of years ago for fur
thering the national university
project, and It appears that those who
were identified with it have been giv
ing some attention to the matter since,
with the result that the plan promises
to take practical form. While there
are many educators who are favorable
to a national university of the scope
and character suggested by the first
President, with whom the Idea orig
inated, there are others who doubt
whether such an institution would be
of great value, chiefly for the reason
that It might fall under political or
sectarian influence. There la certainly
force in this view, yet it does not seem
altogether impracticable to so organ
ize a national university as to pretty
effectually safeguard it against such
a danger. The question as to whether
there is need of such an educational
institution is one as to which opinions
may differ. The country is well sup
plied with colleges and universities
that are among the best In the world
and are steadily improving. Still a
distinctly national university, con
ducted on sound principles, might
prove a* highly valuable addition to
our seats of learning, and certainly
no friend of higher education will
oppose such an institution. Surely
there could be no worthier memorial
to the "father of his country." — Oma
ha Bee.
ACCIDENTALLY DISCHARGES PISTOL.
H. E. Bellman, who claims to be a bartender,
created much excitement In the Ferry nave
last night by accidentally discharging a re
volver. He wu arrested for carrying a con
cealed weapon.
WANTED TO SEE FIGHT. — Twenty- three
small boys who were trying to break Into the
fights at the Pavilion last night were arrested
for violating the 8 o'clock ordinance.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
|CHICAGO T |N 3 DAYS I
In LEAVES OAtL"V- ATS3OA.M.B
gjujjujMj° ir l'i ; " SANP !! ! l 1 ' CEPEB3 m
Other Santa 7a Trains:
7:30 a. m.]
9 :30 a. m. y For Stockton Fresno, Cakersfleld,
8:00 p. m. J Merced, Hanford and Vlsalla.
4:00 p. m. For Stockton.
8:00 p.m. For Kansas City, Grand Canyon
and Chicago.
Ticket Offices — 641 Market st. and Ferry Depot.
San Francisco; also 1112 Broadway. Oak-
land. Cal. ; also 27 South 1st. Ean Jose.
B To SAN RAFAEL
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc.
▼la Saoaalito Tarry
8UBURBAX SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San Francisco, dally, at t7 :05.
7:45, 8:25. 9:10. 9:50. U:C0 a. m.: 12:20. 1:45
3:15 4:35, 5:15, 5:50, 6:30, 7:13. 10:15 and
11:35 p. m.
Arrive at San Franciico dally, at tS:40.
7:35. 8:15. 8:50, 9:35. 10:50 a. m.; 12:10. 1:30
2:55. 4:25. 5:05, 5:42. 6:22. 6:67. 7:40 and 11:25
p. m. < «iOM*na**( r '^tfdt«WH*9C9j B S W-IH
IDally except Sunday.
For Fairfax daily, at 7:45 a. m.; also Satur-
days at 3:15 p. m.. and dally except Saturday
and Sunday at 5 :15 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. dally— Caiadero and way itatlons.
3 :16 ■ p. : m., Saturdays - only— For t Casadcro,
etc --^tflM«MMBMMaajkMB|MMa1
6:15 p. m. flally. except Saturday and Sun -
' day,"" for Tomales, ttc-' ls **0*&*Bq9tmBKB?j5gM
fflCKET OFFICE— 650 Market st. ' .
FERRT— Union Depot, foot of Market st.
RAHiVTJtY THAVEL.
/^Mtt»kt% *» arrive st*
/Jl^^SjASAW FRANCISCOW
I I* V '-^ix' r *°» Octosx* -J. M0*
| Va^Sety r *=" r nmevr
j fTCrt ef Market Street.*
| *-r4»« «» MAIM LtNE.. — AKKTTS"
! £oOa Vaeattlie, Wmwra, Uuuiitay ......'.. / b0»
i 7.00* Henlnla, tlmirsstKljSaTitneiiio.. 7.2U»
| T J3A T»ll-ejo, Nap*, Cafletosa, Seats
Koaa. Warttnei. S*n It.imoa 8.20*
I * J8A Sti<H.Trv.y. L»t;ir»». s-.,.c*:o».... 7.20*
• 8tA Sheet* lxpFe»«— (VI* l>»vl»).
Wiill«m». Willows, tfruto. Kea
; Vlatf. rortiand. Taconia. Seattle f.SS»
! • WADav!i.troo<;tand.*:ntjcaisL».o<l:e*.
MuTjiTllle. Oro«IUe T.Q£»
C30a M*rtlnet. Ant'.och Byron. Trsey.
I Stoctton. So v man. Los Baaos,
• Mul.ti. .trrcon*. Uanfor&
i 71s»U». Torterville ;.... 4.20»
[ t-JOA Port Cost*. Mod ee to. Merc e a,
1 Fresno, Go-then Jaaetloo, U«a-
ford. Vt»»li*. Rskeredela 4.50*
8 30* It lies, 8*a Jose. Llrermore. Sue*>
ton. (tMlltoo). »<»n*. Suc»*nirnt«6
MarysTllle. Ch.'co. Ke.i Blu« .... 4Z3»>
I.30a Oskdale. Csinnae. Jsrar Jtova. So-
; nora. TuoIubuu* »nd Aaaels . *•**••
i 8 POa Atlantic Espreas— O»rdcn and E3«t. 5-2J»
8.30a Richmond. Msrtluea sett Way
etatlons B50* 1
| lOOOATbo Oterlaod Limited — «»gden.
Omsha, Chtutigo. i>envcr. Kansas ''
i City. St. Louis - .§22*
10.00a Vallejo-.- 12-20#
; 10.00a Lot Aniceles Pasienger — Port
Coat*. Martinez. Byron. Tracy.
Lathrop. 8 took too. Merced,
Baymoad. Freaao. Qothen Junc-
tion, Hanford. Lemoore. Vlsalla.
Bskersneld. Loe Angeles J - «S*
! f 2.0Cm Hayward. Nlles aad Way Stations. .,«-20»
• t1.00»» Sacramento Rlrer StJarners Til4Ja#
: S ZQ* Booicit, .Winter*. Ssorsmenta ,
Woodland. Knighta landing.
Maryarllle, OroTllle and wsy
• tutlona..... »3-52*
J JtCP Ha/ ward. Kilos sad Way Station*.. 7.60*
i IJ3p Fort Coat*. Martlu«z. Byroa-lrscy.
Lathrop. 6tocktoo. Modesto,
Merced. Berenda, Fresuo aad
I Way Station* beyoud Tors Costa 1&289
! 4*OPM»rtInei.S*nR*moo.ValleJo.Nai»*,
I - Csllstog*. Banu Roe*. ... 9 20*
400*>irnea, Tracy. Stockton J..... 10.20*
1 4J0*> Bay ward. Siles. Irvlagtoa. Asa I t3-50*
I Jose. Ltrermor* M11.5CU
64)0a>Tne Owl Llxalied— Kewm*a, Lot
Banos. Mendoi*. Fresno. Tuljure,
BakersSeld,LosAnceles. .^..— ».S0*
I rt 30p Hayward, Ntlea and Sun Joe* ...«» 7.2Q«
: I^IOp Hayward. Kllea and San Jose. 9&QA
, 8XGP Jtaatem Express —Omatn. Caicazo,
DtnTor. Ksatas City. St. Loula.
Mirilnex. Stockton, SacramcnStt.
Colfax. Reno. Sparks, lloatclia,
mmtt Oaden _ '.S.tOw
■ I.Oup Vallejo, dally, except danday .... I ■j K n«
: 700p Vallejo. Sunday only ( '• 8BP
7X0P l'.lchmonU. San Pablo, Fort Costa.
1 Martinet and Way Stations 11.23*
j TXOp Uono Psaseoger — Port Coat*. C«*
nlci*. SulaaD, Elmlr*. Dlioa. »
D» vis. Sacramento. Sparks. Tobo
yah. Kee'tr and Way Stations... ?-5C*
I W5p Oregon 4 Calif orcta Eipr'ss-Sao-
ramento. M*ryirll!e, Redding.
Fortlasd, Pngst Soa jC and EasS. I.8IU
> i.10P Eay ward. NUe* and e*a Jose ( rfan-
I <«yoaly). 11.804
COAST LINE <JI»rr«»w Usage).
(Toot of Market Street.)
'■■ t.16A Newark. CenterrlUe, San Joae,
Feltoa. Boulder Creek, Sant*
; Cms sad Way Statlora 5-53*>
I IS-ISp Newark. Centerrllle. Ssa Jose,
Ke w Almaden. Los Oato*.Feltoo.
Boalder Creek, Santa Crux and
Principal Way Stations ttQ-53*
• 4-16»» Newark. San Jose. Los Gate... J
' «9-30p Hunters' Train (Saturday only)—
I Ban Jo«e and Way Statioaa t7-25l>
i COA$T LINE iUroxti baa**).
; m py~('tnlrd and Townnend Streets.)
9-10A San Joae and Way Stations 8 .30 •
700a San Jose and Way Stations S.40*
8.00a New Almaden (Tues., Krta.. only). 4.1C*
S-OOAThe Coaatnr— San Joae. Snllcaa.
Baa Ardo. Paso Robiea. Sant*
Marssrlt*. Saa Lots Oblapo,
Ouadalupe, OaTlota. Sant* Uar-
Ibira. San Buenarenturs. iloo-
tolTO. Oxnard. B urban k, Loe
An^ele* 10-S9a>
I 1430a Gllroy. Holllster. CaitroTiiie. Del
Monte. Pacific Grove. Surf. Lonv
poc „ 10. 30*
8. CO* 8»n Joae. Tres Piaos.WatsonTtne,
Capitols. Sauta Cruz, Pacifla
Grove. Salinas. San Lais Oblspo
snd Prtnclpt: W*y Stations. .«. 4.13s
10-30a Ean Joie and Way Stations......... 1.20a>
11 30a San Jo«e and Way Stations......^ 7..'0?
2 16PSao Joae and Way Srnt.ona 8-3S*
SXOPDel Monte Kxpreits— Santa Clara,
t»u Joao. WataonTllle. Sant*
Cruz. Del V.oaie. Monterey.
PaclSc Qrore \9 1Sa>
t«VO0P Loa Gatos, Wrts-M. Boo lder Creek.
Sant* Cruz, rta Sant* Clara and
Narrow Ganjfe 110.45*
J-30P Vsiraci* St. SouUj San Fraaclsco,
Buriinemne. Saa Joae. Gllroy,
Holllater. Tre» Plnos 10.45*.
4 30P?an Joae and Way Station* tS.CQA
WXOp Santa Clara. San Jose. Loa Gatos.
and principal Way Stations (ex-
eeps Sonday) ...... „ t9 00*
|6.30p banJoaeanaPrlnetpalTfayStatioos 18.40*
6-4IP baoaet Expreis.— Kedwood. Sao
Jo»e. Gllroy. Sallr.us, ?»na Koblcs,
i Ban Luis Oblspo. Santa Uurhars.
Loa Angelea. l)e:nlntr. Kl Paso.
et.Louia. New Orleans. NcwTork S.10*
S^SPPaJaro. WataonTllle. Capttola.
eanta Cruz. CaatroTllle. Del
Moace. Pacinc Grove 10.30*>
t8-15P lauMaieo.Berearord,BeImont.8*a
Csrioa. ISrdwood. Fair Oak*.
MenloParSc. Palo Alto 16.4S*
6 30p S«n Jcae aad WaySMtions. 6-38a
8-COp Palo Alto and Way Stations 10.13a
11 .20p South San Francisco. Millbrae. Dur
Une»m«, ban Mnteo, Delmont,
Baa Carlos, Redwood. Fair Oaks,
ilcnlo Park, aad l*»io Alto...... tS.4S»
■IISOp Mayaeld. Mountain View. Suaay- "^~^
Tale, Lawreace. slant* Clara sad
Ban Joie t9~tlm
A t or M or n ! n g. P for A tteroooa.
1 inn day exeepted. t Enndsy only
<• Saturday only. 4 Monday oeut7-
ibtuDa at all stations on Sunday
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. C9.
Tibnroa Perry, Foot of Market Street.
8A2T FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
"WEEK DAYS— T:M, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trl»
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturday? — Cxtra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS — S:00. 9:3O, ll:0O a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
6:CO. 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SA2T FRAWCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:C5, 7:35, 7:50, 0:^0, 11:13»
a. m.; 12:50. 3:40. 5:00. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 8:S5 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40,
4:05. B:C5. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In BfCect I Arrive
Ban Fran. I Oct. 2. 1904. | Saa Fran.
Week I San- I Destlna- I Stin- I Week
Days. I days. I tlon. [ days, f Days.
7:30 a S:COa| 9:10 a! 8:40 a
9:30 a Ijnaclo. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:20 p 3:30 p 6:05 p 6:20 »
5:10 p 5:00 p| T:35 p
7:80 a 9:13 a 8:40*
3:COa >"orato. 10:40*10:20 a
S:30p 9:30 a Fetalama 6:05 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 3:30 p and 7:35 p
5:00 p Banta Rosa.
7:30 a 10:40 a 10:20*
1:0Oa Fultcn. 7:35 p 8:20 n
8:30 p 3:30 p
I Windsor. ■ *
7:30 * S:0O * Healdsburr. 10:40 » 10:20 «
Lytton.
8:30 p 3:30 p Geyserville, T:35 p 6:20 p
Cloverdale.
7:30 a| 8:00 a! ~Hcpiand 110:40 aJ10:20a
3:S0p| 3:30 p| and Uklah. [ 7:35p| 6:20 a
I | WUlUa and I I "
7:30*| 8 :CO*1 Sherwood. | 7:35 pj 6:20 »
7:30*1 8:COa] 110:40 a!10:20 a
3:30 p[ 3:30 pf Gutrnevllle. |7:35p|g:2Qa
7:3Oa| 8:00 a! Sonoma. I 9:10 at 8:40 a
' 5:10 pi 5:C0p| Glen Ellen. | 6:05 pf 6:20 p.
7:30 a! 8:00 a| 110:40 a!lO:2O~a
8:30 pj 3:30 p| SebastopoL |7:3Sp|6:2O p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for Whlt» Sulphur
6prln«ni anU Mark West Sprtngs; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skagss
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers, Boone-
Tllle and Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncan
Springy, Highland Sprtngs. Kelseyville. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay, Lakepcrt. Bartlett
Springs and Lake County Hot Springs; at
Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Sprtnss.
Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Spring*.
.Upper L*ke, Pomo. Potter Valley. John Day's
Riverside, Uerly*a, Buckneirs, Sanhedria
Heights, Hutlvllle. Orr** Hot Springs. Halfway
House. Comptche. Hcpklns. Mendoclno. City.
Fort Bragg, Westport and Usal; at W1U1U for
Fort Bragg, Hearst and Sawyers; at Sherwood
for Cahto. Covelo, Laytcnville. Cumming%
Bell's Springs, Harris. Hubbard. Frultland.
i Dyer. G&rbervtlle. Camp B. Pepperwood. Scotu
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket ofllce. 650 Market street. Chronicle
building.
JAS. L. FRAZIEIt. R. x. RYAN.
Pen. Manager. Gen Pasa Agt.
Mt, Tamalpais JRailwav
It. Sm ftincisce THV ir. S*a ftmcUce
- 8:35a {ttaSJS&ka l:3Op *lO:5aI
9:5Oa »=Ot>A^^^^^ 3:5 3P ? :55^
8*'jari»TS 4:35p Satardars ll:i$?
*TUSr»Tity Car V aftTMalpaataMaTtftsy
J«^L \ 65 ° M ***** ST^(North Shore Railroad)
liriUS ) and Sausauto Fcxav. root m.^ <^
Weekly CaU, $Tper~ Year
)■COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
New York Stock market lower, with Call Monty higher.
Mining Stocks continue lively, biti other shares dull.
All local stock exchanges stand adjourned to Tuesday.
Not much chcatge in Silver or Exchange.
Wheat, Barley, Oats and Corn as before. '
Bran showing more firmness. Hay and Beans unclianged.
Butter weak, Cheese steady and Eggs loiver.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables in ample supply.
Poultry market in good shape for sellers. Game unclianged.
Heavy rain clucks trading in the Fruit market.
i Stocks and Cotton,
yesterday's Xew York 6tock Exchange ros
> to E. F*. Huttcn &. Co. said :
STOCKS — Market dosei soft and irregular
d sfcarpiy iomtT for Copier and steel mocks.
ie- OSMSlBS ■** '''rong and buoyant, but in
■j ati«irnt>oii session a bear raid developed in
»pper, which caused a. sympathetic declin*
the industrial eroup. unsettling the entire
srket. Volume of busineys has been large
J trading in special eiocks very heavy. The
arkct has liad a. prt -tty sharp upturn a*l
-morrow beicg the Uct, <iay OX the old year, it
only natural to cx:>cet some prcflt taking,
ndifig the two-days' holiday to corae after
* cios« tils »etk. Aside lrom the break in
• UiJ-su"jU groups, railroad stocks closed
I 'f-rj- little under yesterday's final figures.
.h tone of the market, while irregular, would
...;.•-:«• soni« support for the better class of
rrock«. A favorable bank £tatem-ent is looked
•or Tte Continent bought Copper, ■while' the
.•.aiers and Boston sold U. Mauson said that
•tocka sola eff en tli« ri»e in rates for call
Ib&xnejr, ul-.ile Logan «: Bnan ascribed the d.e
jtine to the Vunior that Uawson was corainj
iiui with another of his artielea.
Ti COTltlX — Census complete report shows
<•!,„••;:■ o' coiton ginned from growth in 1S04
.*» I*ecember 30 to U* 11.971,477 baies, counting
■ ft^Ei k£ iUilf b*j€«.
EASTEItX MARKETS.
Now York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 30.— Close— Prime mer
k'eantil* paper, 4t?*% p*r e*nt.
h Sterllr^: exclutr.pe vis Eteady with ectusj
ft>us!r^<s in bankers 1 bills. $4.S7J0^4.S7i5 for
"comana, and at $4.8iS^j4.$4S5 for sixty day
f tills.
Posted rates. $4 85H--?* SS
k Commercial bills, H M%.
f Bar eilver. CJ:*c.
■ Mr-xican dollars. 4^c.
m Bonds — Government, steady; railroad, Irreg
■^ Close — Mrr.f y on call waa strong and higher
Kat 305 per cwit; cloeirg bid, 4 per cent; of-
Wered at 4V« per cent.
L~ Timf loans were a&fy and dull with sixty
Jand ninety days at 3 per cent, and six months
Pat 3V«4ti>'-a per cent.
New York Stock Market.
| NEW YORK. Pec. 30. — To-day's reaction in
? * . ■ received" various explanations, but did
•sint materially imiiair the confidence with
I -which the outlook upon the n<nv year is re
■Fardrd. Tlie eUffcr.ing of the call loan rat<" dur-
JiriK the. day was the most immediate apparent
tt-auw rtf the telling. The surprising lact is
*t*;t;t xYic ri^o in t»!l money was deferred until
K.J ractically tht Uust day of the year on the
■ Mock Kxchar^c Loans made on Friday at
Vtr.; Stock Exchange carry over until Monday,
wand in t-i£ case until Tuesday. Preparations
t^ave luti-n rajJcing for thi» largest January 1
■ itiisbursfrner.ts in the history of Wall Btreet.
l&he call l'ian rate has b«-en apathetic up to
'l&nie.. and the maximum rate touched to-day
fkpea* 5 jier cent. Mt-antime the usual estimates
Mpy tinkers indicate that the inflow of currency
iMiy txpress iia> betii sufficient tp offset the Sub
ijibY' aMiry absorption and leave a margin of
L%'H.:: <rf upward of ?»,<XJU,CO0. The changes to
■ flae abowa In the loan item of to-morrow's
"--tiank statement are likely, of course, to tie
hi.tv owing to the annual settlements. But
a large influx of cash is looked for In the
':<>xt week. It is not probable tluU any deep
inxiety over the money market was reflected
n the day'p movements. I^ri_fit-taklng was a
jjore iikely motive. The meady uplift of
. rric*a» 3na.e devflope<l litrl* inclir.ation to Fell
\ stocks uj> to. to-day, ujni up to y*N.t-rday there
kati been little awrt-arance of trading . for a
turn in the operations Din th* market. The
animation m lhe market . yesterday
■ Wid the oarly luarkat to-day were distinctly
kVeatures of this character, and was accom-
RiarJt-d bv more cr le*;s obrtoun manipulation.
Ijpiie profit-taking which met the movement
.mo-day was the usma! ccnccmltajit of a move
ypnfnt of a ejieculatlve nature. It served a* an
■.!..■ a too rapid ri»e In prices
jftv.-Gu'.'i hav»- to reckon vrith selling to realize.
3f.AmHU;airi8ted Copper iJisplayed rather acutely
V^4he n-actionary efTect of the speculative opera-
Li ion? which caused its wide advance yester
lay. The B^IlinjE waa not explained by new?
I j>-aring on values in the general ll»t. There
*-at tin faggtesKive speculation in Union Pa-
I -ifir. The varfnuF movements were abpn
5 ioried on the reaction. Laet prices were not
;it, from the iuwe.«t. and the closing wajs
Uf Bonds were irregular. Total sales' <par
FfialueJ. $41220,000.
t Cnited Sutef bDndst were unchanged on call.
1l' New York Stock List.
Wi B. F. Hutton & Co.. 4&U CailfornJa street.
r-^Pan Francisco, members of the Xew York
■Stock tvraUb the following official
\ (.uotaticaif of that UScchanee:
' t^ales.j STOCKS. Bid.i Afk..
\ , Adams Kxi ress .| j !24(> |2oO
jAniaig Capper ..j 1 i 71 71%
;Am Can Co f j | 12 [ 12' 4
i 1*3 iJid ; j «n<» m%
lAm <.1r & Ky Ooj I I 35 3."»Vi
7<i»; Do pfd j 1M%\ »4>«| S« m'
<■ (ftPuAra Cotton Oil.. I 35 34 | 34%| 34%
! tto K*<* j I »4' I 1Mb
;Am inn Tel — j i $8%] 3y
i |Am Exprefs ...j 2J»9 |212
. :.;niAni Gr Twine Oo, lrJV'i Utfj 13 13 U
* (JKi,Am Hide & L.... 1< =Si 10V4 1P%\ I'*?*
j 2.^'ht; Uo pfd i 4«-%| 46V« *6V 4 4«»i
\ 2'otiAmerican Ice ...1 «%| t\u. C»-j( «%
'3 il«>' Do pfd j 37> 8 37>t, 37 3H
W m A:ii Ljn«eed ....j 15Vs 17'i
4 i I>O pfd 37 41
!j. Am L«x»niotive. j 3«V 4 35% 35 j :iT»%
I SOOf I>o pfd il04V« l<J4HilO3 104>^
■ { M»iAra Malt I 7 1 G%\ 6*4 1 7>4
k »JOJ Uo pid 2*3%; 26»4j 28 | 27
''<§ l,3i>">iAm Km&RfCo.) «2Vii bl^« blfi ! «2
4. i.zool x>o pfd jii3Vi;ii2-fe!m liavi
\j 16.60u.Am Su^ar 144' S 143V« l*:j% 143Vj
\ j I>O pfd 138 133
*A -Am Tel 4 T Co 41 48
a Am Tob pfd 03% 94
il,200,Am Woolen 23% 22«4 21^4 21%
200; Do pfd 93 93 83 94
JAnaconda 10& 10»V4
■ j Ann Arbor 32 34
! 1X> prd j 62 63
J1.7OO A T & B F 88fij 88 6S 88%
IRKX, Do pfd 1I»1»-..1O1 |101 101 >4
UOO Bait & Ohio i06UJlfl3%|103%U04
1«»; Do Pfd 95Si 95% 95H 96
jBay State Gas %( U
lOOjB R T ! «Ui CI14! ClV a ! 61%
lCQ.Urook t;n Gas. . 209% Xtt%',2<)5 212
300,1:— us D * I...i 12Vi 12ii 12 12'.i
».. JButtcrick Co ...1 60 «3
E iCanada Southern 67>«i 71
*l «,»»0!Car.a("lan Pacific 134% 1S3 1S3 183%
M S.S^^iC & O 1 48 4SH
W \C & A I J 42% 43^4
m Do rM f W) 83
m leu iii ptd.:r.j 73 ss
U WOK & O W 23%! 23% 23 23^
W I TH> pfd A j 67 I 70
' t l.S'V*! Do pfd H 25'4l 34T6 34^4 SSXJ
3L l'lO 1 Do <5eh« 85?»! K5^4 b8 | 88'!%
V I,** 0! * N* W 2O0H:2f>7'A '20854 '209'
M & et P !174%]172 !172^ 172%
Sfxii Do pfd 1S5 IR5 |IS3 185
iSiriiC RI&P (new) I 37% | *6^ 38% 37
20W Do pfd S5 M%! H% K5
...;;•;! r*> At R2 83
SOr. Chicago T«-rm ..! 12% 12% I 12V. 12^4
fliw! Do rfd ' { 24 23 1 23 23H
r,.f)«f>'Ch1 Un Trac 1 30 • i S»Ji g% s»i
7«H Do pfd :..) 40%! 39 I 39 40
KKVC C C & fit L..| 01% 9114! 91% 9115
.i Do nfd I j 1114 120
:Clev Lor & W..I j 70 80
1 Do pfd I I jlf)2i4 11O
12,100'Colo F &I I 49% 4C%I 47 I 47%
..i Do pfd 1 81 .....
.",00'Col Hock C & I..! 17T4 1T% 17« 17T4
, 2fKi;Colo Southern -.1 23T41 2SH 2T{% 23%
: 2001 I>o Jst pfd ... 62m «2 CH4 62
«00' Do 2d pfd ... S7% 37 87 37U
■; 7.2O(> Con <3a* 1»!>'A!200'
IWCon Tob Co p«.!l2S%iI2?U,il28 *!12S%
3(K*'Oorn Products ..1 22 21%! 2i%\ 22
700' Do pfd I 7S'4l 7fiy! 7S«! 79
4f«r»:Del *• Hudson ..«1R« I1R3 !1K5 jlfcSi*
S00;Di*W |.-!40 1338 '340 .150'
I !D« M*RD..I 24 28
'Detroit Un Ry..( j 78% 7gu
SfiOTjwtroIt South ..7)7 7 714
2.09" Do pM 2334I 32H 82% 84
.-'» !Dlamond Match '.A.. 23 27
"*5J.500'Dt 6 Securities ..40 39U 39% 2914
II :du s s &. A „ 1314 14
II 2rvi! Dopfd 26% 26% 2«% 27
.. 8S% 37% 371i S7%
|;#r.<oof- Doi5t P fa.... tcu 75 75 75%
Si "0f){ Do £4 pfd ...i BGH U<4 B5 55U
jE & T H ?. 67 e»
I Do Pfd 83 00
rjtei 100'Kt W & D C. 43 43 42% 43W
■A... .Gen Chemical 1 64 TO
•»*-L E<opM •■!• * l01 tP2%
fei...i<3t Northera pf4.|....1 ...., 212 2«
18.100'Green C Cop .. 28% 26%] 26%I 27
|Hav Tob Co J-31 ) S5
i Do pfd 42 45
-Hock Valley ... 02 01% 90 92
600| Do pfd 93 | Vi 02 63
«,300;ilUno5s Cent ... 10S s 4jl57 15C% 157^4
2.200'Inter Paper 23% 23 23 U 23%
, W0 Do pfd 77% 7" 7C% 77%
..:.... Inter Pcwer 03 G8
Inter Pump 38 33%
200' Do pfd 87 86% SS 87
; Ioiva Cent ) 30% 31
600j Do pfd 5Ti;| OG^i &0V« 57
>K*na & Mi-h 37 | 3S%
600 K. t_- F S & M pfd S2»4 81% Sl%| t>2%
|K*ns C South...] 2*.> 23% 28% 28r*
1.500: Do pfd 53% 52% 02% 63
Keo & Des M 15 17
jLaclede Gas 90
[Lake E & West :iS 40
I l>o pfd 1 86 100
I Long Island ,...; 59 02
6,300 L & N 141V14O 139% 140*4
JMackay | 40 40%
| Do Pfd j 74%| 75'4
iMarine 1 12 | 13
i Do pfd .; I '> ! 2<i%
2,700' Manhattnn lie5%llO4%n"'" ""
IManhat Beach .4 | | 9%| 11
2,400 Metrojjol Seeur .1 80% 71'**! < ., .-'/»
1.000 Do Et Ry 122% 120% 112044 jl2Oji
1.0C0 Mexican Central 23% 22% i-*2% " 2 %
Minn & St L 54 50
Do lrt pfd M) ••-••
200 M St P & S S M 90% SH> 89 90
t DO pfd 147 US
1,700 Mo. Kan & Tex... 33% 32 T>2 32%
7fK>| Do pfd 65 64 63% G4
29. 100 'Missouri Pacific. 109 107% 107T* 108
iNash C & St L 145 147%
3.500'National Lead ..25 24 24% 2«%
800 Do pfd 89 98 OS*, 98%
N RR of Mx pfd 40% *l
1,500 National Biscuit 57 56 66% 57
....... Do pfd 115 U6
100; N J Central .. 191 19f»% 190% 192
1C0.N Y Air Brake ..1153. 159 158 160
7,2O0 ! X Y Central ... 143% 142% 142 V4 142%
In t c & st L.. « 45
I Do 1st pfd 1 1110 120
Do 2d pfd ....j 76 77
N Y Dock 2S
200 'X Y X H & Hart 19S 198 198 199
2.U00JN Y-Ont & %V.... 41% 41 40% | 41%
'Norfolk & West 79% SO
:.! Do pfd 80^< so 1 -!
1.000 Xo American ..'102 101 100 101%
iXor Securities 133% 134%
fOmaha 150 157
! Do pfd 187 195
;O S L 4s 104 104%
300 Pacific Coast ... S2 SOU 80 82
Do 1st pfd 98 103
300; Do 2d pfd BSft 8° 85% 80%
l.OfiO: Pacific Mail 4fl' 44% 44 44V*
lft.lCXVpenn R II Co . . 140 138*4 13ST6 139
3,500 Peoples Gae 1(»S%!1O7V» 107%!l07%
IPere Marquette 75 80
«0/t p c C & St L.. 77% 77 77 77% 1
1,200 Do pM 107 107 100 110
60C* Pressed S Car... 40% 39% :» 40
Do pfd W)% 01
!Pullman Car Co 235 238
♦.lOoiRy S Spngs Co. 34 33 32 34
I Do pfd 03% 93%!
49,!tOO;Readini? 81 7t>% 79% 79%
1,900! Do 1st pfd ... 92 91 U til -I 91%
TOO! Do 2d pfd 85 S4*i 84 SS
300 Republic g & I.. 17% 17 17 17%
SOOJ Do pfd 70% 70U 70% 71
l,l<X),Rubber Goods .. 28 27% 27 27V4
Do pfd 03 95
1,000'SIobs US & I Co.. 64 03Vj 63% 64
! Do pfd ;...-......: 100 100%
St J & G I 15% 17
I Do 1st pfd ...1 1 53 58 ;
! P»21 pfd i ;«.•.,.. 27 • 29
300iSt L&S F lrt pfd 79% 79 79 80
300! Do 2d pfd ... 72»4 71 70% 71
400 St L & S W ... 2'!% 2'i 25% 26%
200(- Do pfd 5S"i, 58 | 67% 58 -
3OO,Southern Pac .. 60% 65%! C5% 65%
l.OOOj Do pfd 116 115%I115%|115%
l.llKMSouthern Ry ... 3fi 3ft Vi I 35W,| 35%
700; Do pfd 9714 97 I 9«;V4 97
I Standard Oil 624 620
300 Standard R * T 3% 3% 3 3%
JTenn Coal & Iron ..... ..... 71% 71">,
.TPxas P L T Co 39 39%
500 Texas Pacific ... 36V4 35 % 35% 35%
(Third Avenue 1X0 U2
1 Toledo R & T Co 22% 24
200:Toledo St L & W 36% 36% 3<!% :i6%
S00| Do pfd 54T4 54 . 53% 54%
400;Twin City R T. 100% 105% 105% 10«
400;Union B & Paper 11 V* 10% 10% 11%
j Do pfd ..:.' 73 74
700-Union Pacific . . 115>A 114 114% 114%
700 Do pfd OS 97% 97% 98
Do conv 4s 114 115
United Copper 8 10
United R of 8 F 20 22
I>o pfd 65 65%
Do 4s 87% 88
'800 U S Cast I Pipe. 20V4 2l» V.t% 20
3.4001 Do pfd 80% 79% 79% SO
l.SOWlU S Express ... 41% 41Vt 41 41%
.......jU S Leather 1:{% 13%
Do pfd 101% 102%
JIT S R A Con pfd 78 79
.WiiU S Rubber ... 34% 33% 33% 34
400| Do pfd 89% 99V4 9S 99
200' U S Steel Cor... 31% 30% 30% 30%
3001 Do pfd 95% 93% 93%] 94
20<>!Va-Oar <"hem Co 41% 41V* 41 j 41%
Do pfd 110% 111
l.SOOlWabaBh 22 21% 21% 21%
2.3U0I Do pfd...... 43% 43 42% 43
., Do deb B s C0% 67
Wells FarRo Ex 245 255
700 Weutern Union.. f»3 02% 92% 93%
2.C00 Westinghouse ... 182% 180% 180 181
Do 1st pfd 194 197
|W & L E 18% 19%
60O Do 1st rfd ... 46% 46% 46 4614
Do 2d pfd ... 26% 27%
1,500 Wl*eon«ln Cen.. 22% 22% 22% 22%
1.000! Do Pfd 46% 45% 45%! 45%
1,135,350 — Total shares sold.
New York Bonds.
U 6 ref 2a reg. .104% I Japan 6». cert... 93
Do coupon. 104%)^ & N unified 4s. 104%
Do 3» reg 104%|Man con gold 4a. 105
Do coupon. 104%lMex Central 4s... 77
Do new 4s reg.130% Do 1st inc 24%
Do coupon. 130%|Minn & St L 4s. ST
Do old 4s reg.lO5%!M. K & Texas 4s. 100%
Do coupon 106% Do 2da 86%
Am Tob 4s cert.100% NR of Mex con 4s Kl%
Do 6a, cert ...110 IN T C gen 3%s..l01%
Atch g<*n 4s ion IN J C gen 5s 186%
Do adj 4b »4%INor Pacific 4s 10<l
Atlantic C L 4S.101 Do 3s .......... 75%
Bait &- Ohio 4s..W3% Nor & W con 4s.l01%
Do 3%s 06% O 8 L refdg 4s... 97%
Central of Ga Bs.ll3«4:Pa conv 3%s 1OTV6
Do 1st Inc M (Reading s:en 4s... 103%
Do 2d inc 73%!S L & I M con 5s.ll7
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO3 18 L & S F fg 4s. 90%
Chi A Alton 8%«. P2%ISt L S W con 4s. 81
C. BA'Q new 48.101 IScalward A L 4s. R5
C. R I & Pac 4s. S2%!So Pacific 4s 94%
Do'ool 5s 95%'Ro Railway 5s. ..120%
C.C.C * EL«n 48.101 |Tex & Pao lets.. 131
Chi Term 4b Sfl |Tol St L & W 4s. SliA
Colo Midland 4s. 77 lUnion Pp.cific 4».1P6%
Polo & So 4s 92 j D<v oonv 4i> 114K
Cuba 5s. cert lramtT S St«~l 2d 5b. n.'.Vi
Den & Rio O 4s.H'2<<IWaba!«h Ists .:...11R
Dlst Securities 5f«. 79 I - Co" deb B ... . ■ . 6««
Erie prior lien 4s.in2Vjt Western Md 4s.. flo
Do gen 4n 93%|av % 1, Krie 4b... 93%
F W & D C l«ts.lO«%!Wis Contra! 4s... 03
Hock VaJ 4%*...1U I.
yew York" Mining: Stocks.
Adams Con 20!lJtt!e Chief 05
I Alien 60!Ontarlo 8 75
, I3reece 17!Ophir 4 50
Bruns Con OSivh/rnlx 01
Com Tunnel .... OSlPotosi 14
Con Cnl & Va... 1 '5 Favagc 30
Horn Silver 1 50|SiPrra Nevada.... 42
Iron Pilver 2 00'Small Hopes...... 2"
Leadvill* Con.... 02!Rtandard 1 CO
j Boston Stocks and Bonds. . " ,, '■
.Money — . |Un Shoe Mach. . . 61 '■,
Call loan* 3 ©4] Do pfd .'......: 31%
Time loan* .....3%@3|TJ S 8Uet..'.U. •;..' 21%
Bond* — 1 Do pfd ......... 88%
Atchieon 4s 102U Mining-
Do adj 4s 94 I Adventure X'piQft
Railroads — ■■ lAllouer ..;..."»;..■. 19%
Atchison 87%|Am»l Copper .... 70%
Do pfd .lOlHIAmer Zinc 12
Boston i Albany.253% I Atlantic ' ; 17'
Boston &< Maine. 173 iBIngham ......... 34%
Boston Elev .....155 fCalumef &■ Hecla.63(>
ntcfcfcurg pfd.... 141 {Centennial ....... 25>4
Mex Central 22UICopper .Rang* /^ifiJi
N T.N H & H..lft!» .iDaly.Weet .*.".*.... 12
Per* Mtrquettt..: 78 IDom Coal .;..... e2
Ur.lon Pacific 114UIFrankl!n 11%
Miscellaneous — • jGrancy • oi?
Amer Arge Chem. 21 lisle Royal* ......: 27%
Do pfd 86 IMus Mining .... RU
Amer Pneu Tube. 4%'MlchIgan .'...10%
Amer Sugar 142%IMohawk 52
Do pfd ..138%|Mont Coal & Coke 5
Atner Tel & Tel. 140 (Old- Dominion •.."". 27'
Amer Woolen ... S2%|0«ceola '.-......... n«u
Do pfd .... 82%fParrot 29 |
Doci Iron & S...'17, iQuincyt ......115 1
E5d Elect Ilium. .254 Trinity . ...... 10% .
Oen Kectrlo ....187 ,|U a Mining.....: 24% |
ME- SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 31, 1904.
Mass Electric... 13%|U S Oil 11
Do pfd 59 |Utah 42
Mass Gas 88%|Victoria 5
United Fruit 107 (Winona 11%
London Closing Stocks.
Cons for money.. SS%|N Y Central 148%
Do for acct 88%|Nor & Western... 82V*
Anaconda 5%| Do pfd 96%
Atchison 90% Ont & Western 42%
Do pfd 104 Pennsylvania 71%
Bait & Ohio 107% Rand Mine* 11%
Can Pacific 137% Reading 41%
Ches & Ohio 50% Do 1st pfd 47%
Chi Great West.. 23% Do 2d pfd 43/4
Chi. Mil & St P.178% So Railway 86%
De Beers 18 Do pfd 99Vi
I>tn & Rio O.... 33% So Pacific 68
Do Pfd 79% Union Paclfio HSU,
Erie 29% Do pfd 99%
Do 1st pfd 77% U S Steel 32%
Do 2d pfd 57% Do pfd 07%
111 Central 1G2% Wabash 22%
Louis & Nash 145 V 4 Do pfd 44%
M. K & Texas... 33% Spanish 4s S9%
Bar eilver— Steady; 28 9-16d per ounce.
Money— 2% @3 per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills Is 2%@2% per cent and for thres j
months' bills 2%©2% per cent. |
.
Bank Clearings. I
NEW YORK, Dec. 30.— The following table, j
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear- !
ings at the principal cities for tha week ended i
December 29. with the percentage of increase
and decrease as compared with tne correspond
ing- week last year:
Percentages, j
Cities — Amount. Inc. Dec
New York V *.S1,265,162,225 22.1 j
Chicago *.. 155.673.142 12.3
Boeton 103.571.460 tt.7 .... I
Philadelphia 112,806,212 12.8
St. Louis 4«,205.264 8.4- ....
Pittsburg 37,712.057 ' 8,5 ....
San Francisco ... 31,6;t8,;i80 2.4 ....
Baltimore 19,448,279 12.3 ....
Cincinnati 19.fittl.850 12.1
Kansas City 17,188,551 1.6
New Orleans 19,S48,S45 10.2
Cleveland 11.747.K80
Minneapolis 15,355,161 18.9 ....
Detroit 8,539,246 12.3 ....
Louisville 8,890,030 17.6 ....
Omaha 7,114,054 3.0
Milwaukee 7,441,766 .... 25.1
Providence 0.5.H.000 12.2
Buffalo 5.156,426 8.6 ....
Indianapolis 6,024,027 14.4 ....
St. Paul 6,887,277 29.8 ....
Los Angeles 6,242.831 27.1 ....
St. Joseph 3,724,513 11.8 '■
Denver 4,980,3C3 37.1
Cclumbus 4,«33,000 17.9 '
Memphis 6,588,438 4.0
Seattle 3,725.871 17.0 ....
Richmond 3,913,161 1.1
Washington 3.419,636 16.1
Bfivannah 3,2S«,730 10.8
Albany 3,432,942 21.9
Portland, Or 2,950,295 14.1 ....
Fort Worth 5,062,720 3H.1 ....
Toledo, Ohio 3,123,378 41.5
Salt Lake City... 3.076,208 12.1 ....
Pecria 2.287,177 10.0
Atlanta 2.767.941 11.2
Rochester 2,727,769 62.7 ....
Hartford 2,170.562 25.2
NashvlIU 2.242.530 22.3
De6 Molnes 1,559,596 12.1
Spokane, Vvash... 2,345.046 27.9
Tacoma " 2,298,403 26.3 ....
Grand Rapids ... 1,666,206 2.3 ....
New Haven 1,640.615 23.4 ....
Dcyton 1,403,628 5.5 ....
Norfolk 1,851.067 14.8
Springfield, Mass. 1.0S9.091 5.3
Worcester S21.977 .2
Portland, M e 1,170,321 2.1
Augusta, Ga 1,072.389 14.4 ....
Topeka 955.272 14.5
SicuxCity.: 1,179,578 8.7
Syracuse 1.043,009 .6 ....
Evansville 1,430,784 10.0 ....
Birmingham 1,437,476 28.5
"Wilmington, Del... 919,173 20.1
Knoxvllle 966,727 .... 1.1
Davenport 590,193 5.9
Little Rock 810,931 24.5
Wllkesbarre 835,705 6.3
Fall River 489.497 58.3
Macon 385,590 32.0
Wheeling, W. Va. «35.800 21.4'
Wichita 783.700 18.9
Akron 453,000 20.5
Chattanooga 720,645 15.9
Springfield 111. .. 641,515 17.1
Kalamazoo, Mich. C86.102 13.7
Youngstown 431,377 8.8
Helena 705,178 15.7 ....
Lexington 4i>« 1 164 9.1
Fargo. N. D 500,699 11.6
New Bedford 361,072 32.2
Canton, Ohio 376,000 23.7
Jacksonville, Fla.. 7S6.022 32.1 '
'Lowell -"• ' 370,915 1.3
Chester. Pa, 312.823 15.9
Greensburg, Pa.... 349,613 1.6
Rockford, 111 504.531 23.6
Binghamton 359,000 12.9 ....
Springfield, O. .. 341.291 .... 8.2
Bloomington, 111... 286,055 ■ 2.7
Quincy, III 303,611 2.3
Sioux Falls. S.D... 196.520 2.4
Mansfield, Ohio. .. 194.976 12.7
Decatur. Ill 237,525 2.8
Jacksonville, 111... 203,867 00.3 ....
Fremont. Nebr. .. 191,830 38. 4
•Houston 13.041.S9l 8.6
•Galveston 10.108,000 18.3 ....
Charleston, B. C. 1,002,425 1.5 ....
Totals, tf. S. ..$2,020.5T.6,S34 17.6
Outside N. Y... 755,370,679 11.0 ....
CANADA.
Montreal $16,849,431 12.3 ....
Toronto 13, 25*3,269 12.8 ....
Winnipeg 6,704,257 23.7
Ottowa 1,831.380 21.6 ....
Halifax 1.570.532 7.0
Quebec 1.437.255 20.7
Vancouver, B. C. .. 1,304,920 25.1
Hamilton 1,100,387 12.0
London, Ont 751,666 8.2
St. John, N. B 896,110 2.6
Victoria, B. C. 431,185 13.7
. Totals, Canada ..$45,720,031 13.2
•Not included in totals because containing
other items than clearings.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 30.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury balances in the general
fund shows: Available cash balance $142,
795,100; KOld, $80,1X1. n;!8.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. 30.-T-COTTON— Futures
opened firm. January, 6.58c; March, 0.77c;
April, 6.83c; May, 6.88c; June, 6.90c; July.
7.04c; August. 7.08c; September, 7.10c bid.
Future* closed steady. January, 6.. r >9c; Feb
ruary, 7.70c; March, 6.76c; April, «.84c; May.
6.89c; June, 6.9«c; July. 7.03c; August, 7.06c.
Spot cotton closed quiet, 10 points higher.
Middling uplands, 6.95c; middling Gulf, 7.20c.
Sales, 825 bales.
New Orleans Cotton Market.
NEW ORLEANS. Dec. 30. — COTTON— Spot
easy; middlings. 6%c.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Dec. 80.— FLOUR— Receipts
17.300 barrels; exports, 17,400 barrels. Market
firm but quiet
- WHEAT — Receipts. 69,000 bushels; spot mar
ket; No. 2, nominal at elevator; No. 2 red
$1 22% f. o. b. afloat; No, 1 Northern Duluth'
fl 24% f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba,
$1 OS, nominal f. o. b. afloat. Options had a
strong early advance to a high point on the
present bull movement, Influenced by manipu
lation at Chicago and a scare of shorts, be
sides small interior receipts and steady cables.
Later^J.he market weakened under Northwest
selling and a bearish Modern Miller report,
closing %c net lower, except" for December
which was lc net higher. May, $1 14%B1 16%
-closed at $1 14%; July, $1 O2%Q)1 03%, closed
at $1 02%; December. $1 22® 1 22%, closed at
$1 22%
PETROLEUM— Steady.
■ COFFEE-#-Spot, steady; No. . 7 Rio, 8%«.
Futures closed steady, unchanged to 5 points
higher; total sales, 87,250 bags. Including Jan
uary, 7.55@7.6Oc; February, 7.65^7.700; March
7.85c; April, 7.00c: May, S.OC®8.10c; July!
8.25c; August, 8.35c; September. S.45ti8.r>Oc-
October. -8.55c; November, 8.55c.
SUGAR — Raw. . steady; fair refining. 4%e;
centrifugal, 90 tost. 4%c; molasses sugar, 4%c. '
Kf-flned, firm; crushed, 6.45c; powdered, 5.65c;
granulated. 5.76c.
BUTTER — Unchanged.
CHEESE — Unchanged.
EGGS— Unchanged.
DRIED FRUITS. -§'■'■
EVAPORATED APPLES— Are in fair "de
mand . for attractive grades and prices were
steady to firm. Common, 4@4%c; prime i1L@
6c: choice, 6%©5%c; fancy, 607c. - v^
-PRUNES — Show a slight improvement in
tone, although the general range "of prices re
■maing • at 2%@5%c, according to grade for
Collfornla, while Oregon prunes are ranging
as high as 0%c on the larger si/.es. .
'APRICOTS — Show no further change, choice
being held at 9%@10c; extra choice, 10%(&llc
fancy, 12@15c. ;
PEACHES— Are in small supply ' and are
firmly held, with choice 9%c; extra- choice
10%@10%c; fancy, 11 %@12c.
S , — , ■ . ' .
New York Metnl ; Market.
NEW" YORK, Dec. CO.— The London tin mar
ket underwent a considerable reaction from the
recent sharp - advance . and closed at £134 for
■pot and £133 ' 10s : for. futures. Locally th«
market was easier In " •ympathy with spot
quoted- at 29.25029. 65c.
Copper was lower In London, "closing at £68
6s 3d for spot and ' £68 10s for futures. Lo
cally ■ the market was firm." ' Lake, 15.12%@
15.25c; electrolytic. . 15.00@15.25c, and casting
14.62%fil6.87VjC. v> " ,:
I The London • market for lead - was a little
■higher, with spot at £12 17s 6d. Locally prices
* were unchanged." ' . "• . '
I Spelter wa» higher in- London, closing . at
£25 os, while locally the price was un
changed. . • ■
Iron was unchanged at 53s Od In Glasgow,
•while Mlddlesboro reported a alight advance
at COb 9d. Locally the market was advanced
and ruled firm. No. 1 foundry, . Northern,
$17 25©17 05; No. 2, do, $17@17 50; No. 1, do,
Southern and No. 1, do, soft, $17 75; though
some dealers are said to be asking advances
of about 25c over the quotations given for
Southern grades. '
CHICAGO BOARD OP TRADE.
Future Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO. Dec. 30.— Heavy liquidation by
a prominent holder to-day entirely ■ wiped out I
a sharp advance in wheat prices.* Tha market
closed weak, with May down %@%c Corn,
oats and provisions were practically un
changed.
A stampede of belated shorts resulted in an
advance of over lc in the price of May wheat
during the first hour of trading. Influenced
by higher cables and exceedingly small re
ceipts in the Northwest, opening prices showed
a fair gain. May . being up %c to %c, at
$1 14Mi&l 14%. On an urgent demand from
shorts and several prominent commission houses
additional gains were made, the price rising
quickly to $1 15% before any considerable
supply of offerings was dislodged. Some small
holders then took advantage of the advance
to secure profits. The result was a reaction to
$1 14%. An active demand from Northwestern
houses which seemed to indicate a belUf in
a further reduction of receipts in the .North
wegt gave renewed encouragement to the local
bulls and the buying became aggressive. May
{sold up to $1 15%. For a time the market
continued extremely' strong, with prices near
the highest point. Late in the day sentiment
suddenly changed and a sharp reaction occur
red. One conspicuous feature of late trading
| was heavy selling by the leader of the bulls.
The claim was made that 2,000,000 bushels
I were sold by this one operator. Pit traders
, were quick to follow the lead and the selling
I was quite general during the last hour. A
report of a St. Louis trade paper was con
! strued as bearis-h, the report stating that the
winter wheat crop had been greatly benefited
by recent rains and snows. Under this selling
pressure May dropped to $1 13%. The market
I closed weak and practically at the lowest
! point, nnal quotations on May being at $1 13%
SI 13%. '■•■>•■ ' - - ,
\ Early in the day the advance in wheat had
a strengthening influence on the corn market.
May closed at 45%c.
The volume of trading in oats waa a Blight
improvement over that of recent day*. May
closed at 31%@31%c.
An Inclination to take profits had a weaken
ing effect on the provision market. Trading
wns largely local. At the close May pork was
off 2Vi«j5c, lord was down 2% c and ribs were
a nhadc lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles. Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat. No. 2 — j
December 1 13^4 1 14% 1 13% 1 14
May 1 14»i 1 15% 1 13% 1 13%
July ;... 5)9% 09% 9S% 98%:
Corn, No. 2 — , .
December 46 4(5 44«i 44T6-
May 45»4 . 45% 45% 45%
July 46 .46 45% 45%
Oats, No. 2—
December 29% 29% 29% Z>%
May 31% ,31% 31% 31%
July 31% 31% - 81% 31%
Mess pork, per bbl—
January 12 45 12 47% 12 85 12 37%
May 12 77% 12 82% 12 75 12 77%
Lard, per 100 lbs —
January 6 75 6 80 6 75 6 77%
May » ... 7 05 7 05 7 00 7 02%
Short ribe. per 10O lbs—
January 6 40 640 6 35 6 37%
May 6 67% a 70 6 65 6 67%
Cash Grain nnd Provisions.
CHICAGO, Dec 30. — Cash quotations were
A3 follows: Flour, steady; No. 2 spring wheat,
Cl 10@l 16; No. 3, 98e(g $1 12; No. 2 red,
$1 15%@1 18%; No. 2 corn, 43%@44c; No. 2
yellow. 43%@44c; No. 2 oats, 29%c; No. 3
white. 31632c; No. 2 rye, 75c; good feeding
barley, 36@37c; fair to choice malting. 41®
4Sc; No. 1 flaxseed. $t 10%; No. 1 Northwest
ern, fl 24; prime timothy seed, $2 72%; mess
pork, per bbl. $11 05®ll 15; short rlba sides
(loose), $«J 12%@6 37%; short clear sides
(boxed), $(i C2%@0 73; whisky, basts of high
wines. $1 24; clover, contract grade, $12 75.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour bbls 21,300 27,500
Wheat, bu 31,000 44.5CO
Corn bu V . 2S4.400 439,900
Oats bu 65,300 174,400
I Kye bu 1,000 13.800
I Barley, bu 34,700 31,200
>; Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO, Dec. 30. — On the Produce Ex
i chutige to-day the butter market was firm;
i cteameriea, 17®"2Se; dairies, l(5@24c. Eggs
firm, at mark, 20®2."Jr. Cheese steady, ll@12c.
CATTLE, SHEEP AND HOGS.
i Cliicaffo.
I CHICAGO, Dec. 30.— CATTLE— Receipts,
: 9oo<i; averaged lower.- Good to prime steers,
$5 40®6 40; poor to medium. $3 80@5 40;
1 stockcrs and feeders. $2 35©4 35; cows, $1 50
@4 25; heifers. *2 2T.«W; calves, $3 50@7 35.
! - HOCiS— Receipts. UUXXU- to-morrow, 14^000;
strong. Mixed and butnhers. $4 6O«S:4 80: good
to choice heavy; $4 7o@4 87%; rough heavy,
M 5OQ4 65; light. $4>4U@4 70; bulk of sales,
$4 65@4 75. , *"
SHEEP— Receipts, 10,000; Bheep, strong;
I Iatr.b3, 10c higher. Good to choice wethers,
: ?4 90®5 50; fair to choice mlxod $4®4 80:
I Western sheep, $4<gS 50: native lambe, $5 25#
I 5 40; Western lambs, $6@7 25.
Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY, Mo.. Dec. 30.— CATTLE—
Receipts, 3000; weak. Native steers, $3 75®
6; native cows and heifers, $1 75@4 75; stock
era and feeders, $2 75@4; bulls, $2 25@4;
calves. $3(S0 50; Western fed steers, $3 50®
5 25: Western fed cow», $1 75@3 50.
HOGS — Receipts,- 7000; steady. Bulk of
sales, $4 4004 65; heavy, $4 (VYQi 70: packers,
f-J 5<vQ4'65; pigs and lights $3 W<iH 55.
SHEEP — Receipts. -1000; strong. Muttons,
v *4@5 25; lambs, ?5@7: range wethers, $4 60®
5 76; ewes, $3 25@4 75.
Omaha.
OMAHA. Nebr., Df<:. 30.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 3000; weak to 5c lower. Native steers,
1 ?3 u0@-() 10; cows and heifers, $2 50@4 10;
j Western Bteers, $3@4 75; Texas steers, $2 75@
• 3 €0; range cows and heifers, $2'40@3 65;
j canners, $1 75©2 35; stockers and feeders,
: ?2 60® S 70; calves, $2 6O@5 50; bulls and
! stags, $1 7503 50.
i HOGS— Receipts. 950O; 5c lower. Heavy,
?4 45@4 55; mixed. $4 DO® 4 W>; light, $4 55®
4 (10; pigs, $4@4 50; bulk of sales. $4 50@
4 55.
JsHKEP— Receipts. 1700; steady. Western
I yearlings, $5®5 65: wethers, $4 8O«i5 40;
!ewea. .*4©4 95; common &iid stockers, $2 50@
4 60; Iambs, ?5 25®6 75. .,
MISCELLANEOUS MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — ' March. May.
Opening 6 11% 6 11%
Closing 7 00 6 11%
PARIS.
Wheat — t. Dec. Mar.-June.
Opening ,.23 (JO 24 80
Closing ..23 60 24 80
Flour —
Opening 3110 32 30
Closing ■■ 31 00 32 20
. Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON, -Dec. 30.— The close of the Boston
wool market for the year 1004 Is characterized
by remarkable shortages In the wool on hand*
In fact, the scarcity of the supply Is occa
sioning traders In this, the chief wool market
of the United States, considerable apprehen
sion as to whether serious conditions will be
encountered before the arrival of a. new clip.
The Boston Commercial Bulletin has Just
completed its annual canvass of the wool
supply of the country- It will say to-morrow
that Boston greets 1905 "with a startling situ
ation." It finds that the supply of wool, do
mestic and foreign, on -hand unsold here, Is !
the smallest carried over in 15 years. The j
Journal reports that there are of ail kinds of ,
wool only 29.000,000 pounds on sale In Boston
and that of this small total but 23,60O,000'»are
domestic. Only '42,000,000 pounds of domestic
wool Is left unsold In the United States,
against 112.0OO.COO last year. The total supply
of forclifn unsold grades Is 'but . 11,500,000
pounds. The total supply of all kinds In 1 the
country Is less than pounds. This
is said to be the smallest supply on hand In
the United States tn a lonsr time.
It should be stated that the mills are heavily
stocked and that millions of pounds belott- 'ng
to them and not for sale still are stored .8
this country. Tbe Boston wool market re
main*) firm. .
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUI9.< Dec. 30.— WOQL— Steady. Med
ium erades." combing and clothing, 23@2Hf i
liRht line. 1Si522%c; heavy fine, 14®18c; tub
WaslHd, 27@41c. ■ ■■ - .,
Northern Wheat Market.
£ OREGON. •
PORTLAND, Dec. 80.— WHEAT— Export :
Walla Walla,, 81c; bluestem. 85c. Milling:
Walla Walla, : 85c ; bluestem, 88®»Oc ; valley,
88c. For ; Eastern markets: Walla : Walla i
'63S85c; bluertem, . 90c.'.. . |
' WASHINGTON. I
' TACOMA. Dec. \30.— WHEAT— Unchanged- !
.bluestem, SSc; : club. S5c." •.,.„■ i
Northern Business. !
SEATTLE, Dec. 30.— Clearings, $599,181 •!
balances. $162,415. •• • ■• ■ ■■■. '
TACOMA. Dec. 30.— Clearings, $572,255;
balances." $43,261. , v -
; PORTLAND, Dec. 30.— ClearlngB, $D89,378;
balances, $83,362. . j
SPOKANE. 'Dec. 30. — Clearings, $350,878: i
balances. ; $53,072. • :.*.™ ' •'■:!
IjOCAIj 3IARKEFTS.
Exchange and '< Bullion.
LOCAL. •
Sterling Exchange, sixty days. .$4 87 @ —
Sterling Exchange, sight /....;. 4 87^4® ;
Sterling. Exchange, cables:..... 4.8705® —
Kew- York' Exchange,"' sight ; ;-. . . : ~ ; 02%@ ■ L_~ i
New,York:EJtehange.' telegraphic* 03 ia>' —
B!lv«r," per ounce 61%0
• Mexican Dollars .............. *9H^ —
- INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Paris 5.15
: New.Tork on Mexico 203
Paris on London ......i..... 25.14^
! Berlin on London ..20.37%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The foreign markets continued
tame. ; Chicago advanced, but fell back again.
This market showed little change.
The Chicago wires of K, F. Hutton & Co.
eaid: "Broomhall cables Argentine offers
somewhat firmer. Harvesting of Wheat con
tinues to make satisfactory progress and
threshing reports from the north are more
favorable. Duluth and Minneapolis stocks in- .
crease 710,000 bushels r this week. Modern
Miller reports winter Wheat crop greatly bene
fited by moisture, the plant being in excellent,
condition. This haa been the third day of
the advance, culminating In a stampede of
shorts Smi a reaction owing to the limited
: market conditions, which was to be expected. .
/We see* little In the action of to-day's market
' to cause us to change our former views and
feel that the market will continue to bs «
good trading affair."
CASH WHEAT.' T\--V> -V
Callfornia Club, $1 4D@1 B2%; . California
White Australian, $1 0001 62%; Northern
Club. SI 60® 1 65; Northern Blueatem. $1 609
1 62%; Northern Red, $1 47% per ctl.
. FUTURES. -
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May ........SI 44J4 SI 44% $144, fl 44
2 p. m. session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May ....(144% $144% $144% $144%
BARLEY — Both buyers and sellers are more
or less indifferent and the market continues
tame, though the undercurrent is firm and no
concessions can be obtained from holders.
Futures were higher In tha afternoon.
. CASH BARLET.
Feed. $1 12%@1 15; Brewing and Shipping,
$1 17%@1 20; Chevalier, $1 15@1 20 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11 :30 a. m.
May— SI 09%.
# 2 p. m. session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 10 $1 10% $1 09% $1 10%
OATS — Firmness still rules, with sellers in
different about meeting buyers, though the
market i^ not active.
White. $1 45@1 67%; Surprise, $1 Bo@l fO;
Red for feed, $1 45®1 60 for No. 1 and
$1 4O@l 42% for No. 2; choice, for seed.
$1 60@l 65; Black. $J. 30@l 36 for feed and
»t 4801 62% for seed'
CORN — Quiet, weak and featureless.
Western sacked, $1 25@1 30 for new Yellow,
White and Mixed; old California Yellow and
White, $1 40@l 42%; new California large
Yellow, $1 27%@1 30; small round do, $1 65®
1 80; White. $1 27%@1 30; Egyptian, $1 35©
1 37% for White and SI 17% (31 20 for Brown.
RYE— $1 42%@1 47% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $1SO@1 75 per ctl.
Flour and Mlllstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 80@
5 10, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 70@5;
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at $4@4 50
per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are as
fellows: Graham Flour $3 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour, $3 25 (In barrels 54 50); Rye Meal,
13 50 (in barrels $4 75); Rice Flour. $7; Corn
Meal. $2 50; extra cream do, $3 60; Oat Meal,
$4; Oat Groats. $4 25; Hominy. $3 60@3 85;
Buckwheat Flour, $4 25; Cracked Wheat, $375;
Farina. $4; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oata, bbls, $6 75@7 50; in sacks, $4 25; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas, boxes, $5 50; Green
Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Fecdstuffs.
Bran ia showing more firmness again. Rain
is checking the movement, in Hay, but the
situation remains unchanged.
BRAN— $20@21 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $25@2S per ton.
SHORTS— »20@21 50 per ton.
FEBDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, *24@ 24 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, |31 30®
82 50; Jobbing, $33; Cocoanut Cake, $23@24;
Cocoanut Meal $24@25; Corn Meal $31 .W|
82; Cracked Corn, ?32@32 50; Mixed Feed, $22
@23: Horse Beans, $30^40 per ton; Broom
Corn Feed, 90c per ctl. ."
HAY— Wheat, $9@14 50; Wheat and Oat,
$!>@13 60; Oat. $9@12; Barley and Oai., *S@10;
Volunteer Wild Oat. $7«J10; stable, $9@10;
stock, $5 60@7; Clover, $7@10; Alfalfa, $9@12
per ton.
STRAW— 35-2-60C per tale.
Beans and Seeds.
BEANS — Bayos, $2 50@3; Pea, $3@3 50:
Butter. $3®3 25; small white, $3@3 35; large
White. $2 40@2 60; Pink. $2 75@3 50; Red.
$4 25@4 60; Lima, $4 10@4 20; Red Kidneys,
$3 rioft.4; Blackeyes, $2 35@2 50 per ctl.; Hors?
Beans, $1 85@2 40.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; TTellow
Mustard, 3V4@3&c; Flax, $2#2 75; Canary,
6%c; Alfalfa, 12%@13c; Rape. 1%@2%c,
Timothy. 5%c; Hemp. 3%@3%c.per lb.; Mil
let, 2%4i-3%e: Broom Corn Seed, $20@21 per
ton. - - .
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 76@2 50; Green
Peas, $1 . 75@2 60 per ctl.
. Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
■ Receipts of Potatoes were quite heavy, par
| ticularly from the river districts, and, al
; though trade was very quiet owing ' to the
i rain, prices of fancy Burbanks were well
maintained, such stock being - in limited sup
ply. Sweets wer« plentiful and slightly lower.
The Onion market was overstocked and weak,
with several cars of Oregon ' and Colorado
: stock lying on ! the railroad tracks waiting to
; be hauled to the stores.
Southern vegetables were in large supply
,' and generally weak. Peas. Beans and Toma
! toes, which constituted the bulk of the offer-
I ings, were quoted lower.
| POTATOES — Burbanks from the river. 50®
80c per ctl: Salinas Burbanks, $1 13@1 45 per
ctl.; Oregon Burbanks, $1@1 20 per ctl.;
River Reds. 50«60c per ctl. ; Early Rose, $1@
1 10 per ctl; Sweet Potatoes. 65@90c per ctl.
ONION'S— $2 25®2 35 per ctl. v
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. 3©5c per lb;
String Beans. 3#Cc per lb: Wax Beans, 3©6c;
Tomatoes, $1CL5O per box or crate; Sum
mer Squash 65#75c per box; Hothouse Cucum
bers, $1 25® 1 60 per dozen; Cabbage, 60®«Oc
per ctl: Carrote.' 30@40c, per sack; Garlic. 7@8o
per lb; Egg Plant. 5®7c per lb for southern;
Dried Peppers, 10@12%c for sun-dried and 13ftf
14c per lb for evaporated; Green Peppers. 4@
Cc per lb for southern; Mushrooms. 10®15o per*
lb. ; Marrowfat and Hubbard Squash, $8^10
p * r ton " _—^__
Poultry and Game.
There was continued firmness In all descrip
tions of live Poultry, receipts being light and
the demand steady, and the market was prac
tically bare at the close. Quotations were
unchanged, but most Ijandlers were expecting
a higher range of prices for Chickens. Dressed "
Turkeys were firm under light receipts, only
157 cases being . received, and an advance of
one cent per pound was readily obtained for
the best offerings. Prices may go higher to
day, as Eastern chilled stock is cleaned up
and! according to advices from the interior,
supplies of local stock are about exhausted.
Game arrived freely and alt descriptions were
well cared for at previous prices.
POULTRY — Dress-ed Turkeys, 24@28c per lb;
Live Turkeys. 22(ft24c per lb; Geese, per pair,
$2 2S@2 50; Goslings. $2 2502 50; Ducks, $5©(5
per 'dozen for old and $6@7 for young; Hens,
S4@4 60 for small and S5 50@8 for large;
young Roosters, $5 r.n«j"O: old Roosters. $4<U>
4 50- Fryers • $4 00@5; Br6ilers, $2 50(33 50;
Pigeons, $1(EA 25; Squabs, $2(32 60
GAME— Mallard Ducks. $303 60 per dozen;
Canvasback, $3@4 50; Teal. $1 25; Bprlg. $2-0
2 60- Widgeon, $1 BO; Red Heads, $2 50;
email Ducks, ?1 25®1 60; Gray Geese. $3:
White Geese, $1 2501 60; Brant. $1 25®2;
Honkers *8®5: Snipe. ?2 60 for English and
$1 50 for common; Doves. $1 25; Hare. $1 75®
2; Rabbits. $2 for Cottontails and $1 60 for
Butter, Cheese nnd Eggs.
. General complaints of dullness in both But
ter and Eggs are heard and the trade are dis
gusted with the prevailing stagnation. Sup
plies of Butter continue large and the feeling
is weak, though quotations are no lower.
Cheese is steady and unchanged.
Egg» are lower and receipts are increasing.
The demand is now for the cheaper grades and
fine ranch are given the go-by. Stocks of
fresh Eastern are reduced to a small quantity,
but ' there is Btlll plenty of cold-storage stock
Receipts were 25,300 lbs Butter. 618 cases
Eggn and 19,500 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands," 23@24 O
for extras and 21%®22%c for lower to medium
grades ; dairy, 20@22c ; cold storage, nominal ;
store Butter, nominal; Eastern cubes, nominal;
Eastern ladle-packed, 15@lGc. • ..;
CHEESE — ll@ll%o for choice rnild new and
104l0%c for old: cold storage, 10%@ilc; Young
Americas. 12©12%e: Eastern. 10ig<13c per lb.
EGGS— Ranch, 36iS40c for good to fancy and
30© 35c for common; store Ejcgs. 28@30c; cold
storage, 25@30c: Eastern. 25@28c for choice.
22® 24c for standards and 20@21c for seconds.
Deciduous nnd 'Citrus Fruits.
Trade in , Apples : and Oranges waa at a
standstill owing to i the storm, which lessened
the already 1 light consumptive demand and
kept buyers away: from the market. Mexican
Limes: were flijrhtly higher owing to a tem
porary shortage Of supplies, and Strawberr>s
did a little better, but otherwise there was
no change in prices. As previously 'mentioned,
the first auction sale of ; Oranges will be held
on • Wednesday. ; January 4, ■ and : the managers
of the' auction company : announced yesterday
that they were in > receipt * of advices from the
•outh saying that five carloads of Navels were
about to be shipped for the opening sale and
that more would probably follow.
STRAWBERRIES — $4®0 . per chest.
CRANBERRIES— $9@ll : per bbl for No 1
and $0(&"8 for Inferior Eastern.
APPLES— 90c®$l 25 per box for fancy and
50(6 85c for I common to choice; . Lady Apples
$1 25®2 oer'box: . -, vv '
PEARS— Winter Nellls. $1 B0@2 ' per box;
cooking varieties, 60e@$l . per box. .-
PERSIMMONS— 50@75c per box.'
CITRUS FRUITS — Oranges, Navels, $1@2 per
box ; Eeedl Ings, : 75c®$l ; Tangerines, ■ 75c for
email and • $1 • for large . boxes; Japanese Man
darins, - 75c@$l s per >- box ; f Lemons $2»50<g2 75
for fancy. $1.75@2 25 for. choice and $l@l 60
•for .standards;- Grape ■Fruit,: $1 75-g2 50: Mexi
can Limes. $404 50 per case; Bananas . $2@3 .
per bunch for Central American and $1@2 for
Hawaiian; Pineapples, $1 50@3 per dozen. _
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins, Honey, j
FRUITS — Apricots, S^llc for Royals and 10 1
612%c for Moorparks; Nectarines. 6%©8%e |
for White and 6%@7%c for Red; Peaches, 7%© ,
8%c per lb; Pears. 7@12c; Plums, pitted. t!@ '
«%c for black, 7%@S%c for red and 7(gS%c
for yellow; Figs. 2-crown bricks, 45c; 3-crown,
60c; 4-crown. 60c; 6-crown, «5c; bulk white.
2%@3c; black, 2%@5%c;" Evaporated Apples,
4jj6c per lb.
PRUNES— 1%©1%c per lb for the four sizes
and 2%c basis for the large sizes, -v ..: .•■■
RAISINS— 1904 crop f. o. b. Fresno—Impe
rial clusters. $2 25@2 50; Dehesa. $1 3001 35;
London Layers, S5c@$l;' Loose Muscatels, 4-,
crown. 5®5'/,c: 3-crown, 4%c; 2-crown. 3Jf3%c; j
Seeded. 4%@6c: Thompson's Seedless. 4%©
4%c; Seediees Sultanas, 3<g5c per lb. j
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 12S13c: No.
2. 10®llc; No. 1 hardshell. 12c; No. 2, 10c:
Almonds, 1C@17c for Nonpareils, 14@14%c for |
I X L, 13%Ql4%c for Ne Plus Ultra and lie
for Languedoc; Peanuts, COTc for Eastern;
Pecana. ll©13c; Cocoanuts, $4 50^5; Chest
nuts ,SS10c per lb for Italian.
HONKV— Comb, 11%©13c for white and 10®
lie tor amber; water white extracted, 6%@6c;
light amber extracted, 5@5%c; dark, 3@4%c.
BEESWAX— 27@29c per ' lb.
Provisions.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 10%c per lb for
heavy, 10% c for light medium, 13c for light.
14c for extra light and 14%c for sugar-cured;
dry Salt Sides 10c; Bellies, lie; Eastern su
gar-cured Hams, 12 to 14 lbs, 12 %c; 15 to 16
lbs. 12c; 17 to 20 lbs, ll%c; California
Hams, ll%e; Mess Beef $10010 50 per bbl;
extra Mess, $10 50@ll; Family. $12012 50;
prime Mea* Pork, $14 60; extra clear, $22;
Mess. $10 50; Pig Pork, $25; Pigs' Feet. $3;
Smoked Beef, 14c per lb. •
X LARD — Tierces ' quoted at 6%c p«r lb for
California compound, "c for Eastern compound
and 9c for pure; half-barrels, pure. 9%e; 10
lb tins. »94c; 5-ib tins. »%c; 3-lb tins. 10c.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel, 8%c; three
half barrels. 8%c; one tierce. S%c; two tierces,
SVic; five tierces, 8%c per lb. .
. Hides, Tallow. Wool and Hops. 1
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about %@lc under quotations. Heavy salted !
Steers, lie; medium, 10c; light. 9%<gl0c; Cow
; Hides, 9%®10c for heavy, and »%©10c for
light; Stags, 7@7%c: Salted Kip, ,10%c; Salted
Veal, ll@ll%c; Salted Calf, 11%@12%c; dry
Hides. 17%@18s: dry Kip, -15c; dry Calf. 20c;
Sheepskins, shearlings. 23040c each; short
Wool, 50@75c each; medium, 90c©$l 10: long
Wool, $1 25@1 75; Horse Hideo, Bait, $3 for
large and $2 50 for medium, $1 50®2 for small
and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry. $175 for
large and $1 50 for medium, $1 for small, 50c
for Colts. Buck Skins— Dry Mexican, 30c; dry
salted Mexican, 25c; dry Central American,
30c; Goat Skins — Prime Angoras, 75c; extra
! large do. $125; large, COc; medium. 35c;
email, 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4®4%c per lb;
No. 2, 3%e; Grease. 2%@3c.
WOOL— Fall clip— San Joaquin and South
ern, 9@lle; Southern. 8®9c; Southern Moun
tain, 9Q>lli?; Middle Counties, free. • 12314c;
do defective. 10@12c; Northern, free, 12@14c;
do defective, 10@12c; Huraboldt and Mendo
cino.' 16@18c per lb.
HOPS— 1904 crop. 25@2Sc per lb; 1005 crop,
17%@18c bid. 1
Meat Market.
' DRESSED MEATS. ':^\^:,i\
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
• are as f611ows:
i BEEF— 6@7c for Steers and 4%@6c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large. «%®Sc: small, 8®9%c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7®Sc; Ewes. 6%@7%c
per lb.
LAMB— 0@10c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs, 6%®8%c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
• The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San' Francisco, less 40®
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE—Steers 7Vi@7%c; Cows and Heif
ers. 5%tfiO%c: thin Cows, 4®5c per lb.
CALVES — l@4%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 3%©3%c; Ewes, 3@3%c
! per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— $2 50«?2 75 per head. "
' HOGS— Live Hogs. 200 to 250 lbs, 4%@4%c;
I 130 to 200 lbs, 5@5V4c; 80 to 130 lbs, 4%^4%c;
[ «oft Hops, not wanted; Sows, 20 per cent off;
I Boars.' 50 per cent off. and 'Stags, 40 per cent
oil from above quotations. _
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Grain Bags, 6%®5%c spot and 69
6%c for next year; Wool Bags, 30@32c; Fleece
Twine, 7%c. »
COAL — Wellington, $3 per ton; New Wet-
I llngton, $8: Seattle, $6 50; Bryant, $6 50;
t Beaver Hill, $5 50: Roslyn, $7; Coos Bay, $5 50;
' Richmond, $8; Cumberland, $13 in oulk and
; $14 25 in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
■ $14; Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh Lump.
j $11 50; Cannel, $'.) per ton; Coke. $11 50® 13 per
ton in bulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky Mountain
' descriptions, $S 50 per short ton.
1 'OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for eases
add 5c; Linseed, 55c per gallon for boiled and
63c for raw; Cas^pr Oil, in cases. No. 1. 70c;
i Bakers' AA. cases, $1 10^1 12; Lucol, 50c Seat
1 belled and 48c for raw; China Nut, cases. 65®
: 80c per gallon: Cocoanut Oil, in barrels, uSa
I for Cejion and 55c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil, 68c; natural win
' ter Sperm Oil 63c; extra bleached winter
I Whale Oil. 57c; natural Whale Oil, 52c; extra
i winter strained Lard Oil, 75c; No. 1 Lard Oil,
! 65c- pure Neatsfoot Oil. 73c; No. 1 Neatsfoot
! Oil. 63c; light Herring OtI, 42c; dark Herring
I Oil, 40e; Salmon Oil, 34c; boiled Fish Oil. 37c;
raw Fish Oil. 25c; boiled Paint Oil. 33c; raw
Paint Oil, SIC. ■ . .
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil in bulk.
! 13c; Pearl Oil. in Cases, 19%c: Astral. 19%c;
i Star, 19%c; Extra Star. 22%c; Elaine. 2tic;
' Eocene, 21M>c; Deodorized fetove Gasoline, in
i bulk, 16c; "in cases. 22%c; Benzine, tn bulk,
'■ 13c; lit cases, 19%c; 86-degree Gasoline, in
! bulk, 25c; in cares, 31c
! TURPENTINE — 75c per gallon in cases and
! 69c in drums and iron barrels. .
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7%@
' 7%c Der lb; White Lead. 7U©7%c; according
j to quantity.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
! puny quotes as follows per lb. In 100-lb bags:
. Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 6.25c;
I Powdered. &10c; Candy Granulated, 6.10c; Dry
} Granulated, fine, 6c: Dry Granulated, coarse,
I 6c: Fruit Granulated, 6c: Beet Granulated
I (100-lb bags only). 5.90c; Confectioners" A, «c;
i Magnolia A. 6.60c; Extra C. 5.5Oc; Golden C.
' 5.40c; ••D." 5.30c; barrels. 10c more; half
' barrels, 25c more; boxes, 50c more: 50-lb bags.
j 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half barrels.
t 6.50c; boxes, 6.75c; H. & E. Crystal Domlnos,
9c per lb. No orders taken for less than sev
enty-flve barrels or its equivalent.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR FRIDAY. DECEMBER 30.
Flour qr sks..*. l.OOSjPelts, bdl* .. l.M>5
i Barley, ctla 3,352jHide3. No 838
Oats ctls 31|Feed. sks • 11
Tallow ctls .-••- 2!2]Potatoes ska 5,045
Sugar," ctls ..... 3'WOnions. ska 605
Quicksilver flsks lOtlHay. tons 290
; Wine, gals 50,450|Hops, bales 21i
.Brandy, gals 1.05O} Wool, bale 1
! Paper, rolls .... l,270ILeather. rolls ..; 20
j L!me ; bbls 3641
STOCK MARKET.
■ • -
Mining Stocks Still Lively, With
Ophlr Leading. •
- The Comstock mining shares continued the
center of attraction yesterday, with Ophlr
Belling up to $8 in the afternoon, though It
was lower again at the close. The rise was
ascribed to buying orders from Nevada. Trad
ing was lively in these stocks. The Tonopahs
were moderately active and not materially
changed. The oil stocks were quiet. Local
stocks and bonds were dull and featureless.
All the local exchanges adjourned yesterday
afternoon to' Tuesday.
The Stock and Bond Exchange expects to
begin the new year on Tuesday .In tts new
quarters In the Merchants' Exchange building.
The following savings banks across the bay
will pay dividends to depositors January 3:
Central Bank of Oakland, 3Vi per cent on all
deposits; Alameda Savings Bank. 3 per. cent;
Berkeley Bank of Savings, 8.30 per cent; Uni
versity Savings Bank of Berkeley, 3.30 per cent
Imperial Oil will pay a dividend of 20c and
Thirty-Three Oil one of 10c on January 6.
The directors of the Western Nation* J< Bank
have • declared the regular semi-annual divi
dend to shareholders. at the rate of 5 per cent
per annum, payable January 3.
The Market-St'.eet Bank has declared semi
annual dividends to depositors for the six
months endlns December ■ 31 . at the rate of
3% per cent per annum on ordinary deposits
and 4 per cent per annum on term deposits.
The San Francisco Gas and Electric Company !
paid a regular quarterly dividend of $1 25 per
share, or $198,146. yesterday.
The Giant Powder Company Consolidated has
declared a regular monthly dividend of 60
cents per share, payable January 10.
Pacific Lighting stock was quoted ex-divi
dend of 35 cents in the board yesterday . under
the rule. ■
The Western National Bank has declared a
regular eeml-annual dividend at the rate of 5
per cent per annum on the capital stock, pay
able , January 3.
The regular annual meeting of ! the share
holders of the California Insurance Company
will be held on January 16. ■
The regular annual meeting of the share
holders of the Alaska Commercial Company
will be held on January 18. *
The regular annual meeting of the share
holders of the Central Trust Company wilt be
held on January 17.
Sales on the California Exchange this week
were 20,193 shares, valued at $8030. the lead
ing sales being as follows: Apollo. 2600 shares;
Associated, 67C3: Forty,- 6000; Independence,
2000; Coalinga, . Four and Sovereign, POO each.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY. - Dec. 30—2 p. m.
, "' UNITED STATES BONDS. .
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4 8 qr coup. ,10fl%107 [4s qr cp new.130%131^4
4a qr refr...l05%106 |3s qr eoup...lOl%105
. ■-.: - MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — "■•■■■— lOak T Co 6s. 120 —
Asso Oil 5s. — 86%| .Do 5s .....— —
Bay CPC 5s.l01% — ,1 Docon 5s.;«04%105%
Cal -CO 5s.lO4% — (Oceanic S 5s. — ■ . 74
Cal G & E *,-■■■- On Cable 6s.l21% —
m & ct 5s. 84% 85 (Pac G Im 4s. — .08 -
Cal-st 'C'5s.lU P BRytaMOBH— •
C C Wat 5s..— , 89; I? & C H 63.104 —
EdL & P 6s. — 126 P 4 O R 6a. — —
Family Retail Market.
i
,
,
•
,
.
■
•
■
'
There have beenfbat few chasx«* tn wttO
prices since last week. >.
Butter, Eggs and Cheese are unchanged; aad r
with the exception of Turkeys, which ar»
higher, there is no change in price* of Poultry.
Meat. Fish and Game are plentiful and th«*
are still selling at the familiar quotations.
Garden Vegetables are more plentiful aal
several kinds are cheaper.
Fruits have been changed but llttta. ««,.
sonal varieties being in ampla supply. - - .
COAL. PER TON—
"Wellington .$—@10,00|N<rw - • _■
Seattle .....$—® 8 oOj Weningtoa.$—@10 »
Roslyn $—© 9 00 Wellington \
Richmond ..$—#10 001 Nut ... 1-9 • W
Coos Bay $ —@ 7 501
DAIRY PRODUCE. ETC.—
Butter, choice,sq.43«J50! Best Ranehi ...4MI50
Do good 35(5401 Common do ...B5@40
Do packed, lb.—@25 Storage 30@35
Cheese. Cal 15©20| Eastern 25@oO
Cheese. Eastern.2(Vg25|Honey, comb. lb.—©15
Cheese. Swiss 25®33i Do extracted... 8®10
Eggs, per dozen — |
POULTRY AND GAME—
Hens, large. ea.65@90!White Gees*. e*'.2O®2S
Do small 50S6o|Brant, each 25#35
Young Roosters. (Rabbits each ..2O<§25
each 75c®$i;Hare. each '. —©20
Old Roosters, ea.5(>9«S5!Eng!lah Snipe, di. —©*4
Fryers, each 5Ofi65i Common do,dz$2S2 50
Brolleru. each 40<ii;50|Wnd Ducks, each —
Turkeys, per lb.27S30| Mallard ,...50©«0
Ducks, each ...63c@fl| Canvaabac* ...«0®73
Geese, each $1 50@2|' Sprig ........:.33<94O
Goslings ..:.. .$2®2 25! Teal ,. .20023
Pigeons, pair .. —«S3O| Red Heada ....—#33:
Squabs, per pair.50@C«i "Widgeon —©25
Gray Geese ea..40®50;Small Ducka ....2t>®25
MEATS, PER POUND—
Roast Beef — (Mutton Chop*.... —QlS:
Choice cuts ..15@20iPork Chops —®13;
Do plain 10©12% I Vear Cutlet* '. 15«l*
Roast Veal 12 %®13> Corned Beet .'... —®»i
Roast Pork 12Vj@15'Beef Staw 8010
Foreqtr I.arr.b. —®l:i til Mutton Stew ..."54»S.
HIndqtr Lamb.. —©151 Veal Stew ... .10©t2%
Foreqtr Mutton— SKlO'Soup Meat ....*.. TrtJlO
Leg Mutton —010!Soup Bones ..... 4.U—
Tndrloin Steak-WVigiirjiHams 15@t(l
Portrhse Steak. .lStt-OFacon - 13020-
Sirllon Steak..12«i«mtPork Sausage. .32%Q15
Round Steak.. 10r<?12 m Chipped Beef 200—.
Lamb Chops 13?t2O'Lard 12%®—
FRUITS AND NUTS ] "
Alligtr Pear«,ea.20®30'Limes, doa lCffJlS
Almonds WtfZW, Oranges. dos«n—
Apples 4f» 8? Fancy t3®ub
Chestnuts, lb.. —@12%l Common 10®2i>
Cranberries. qt...lO<ft 151 Pears, cooking.lb. 4® 5'
Pecans —«20> Do eating 10<$12U
Brazil Nuts 2CO —IPlneapples, each.25«5(>
Bananas, doa -.-.25^35;Persimmons. doa.2a'3"n
Cocoanuts. each. 5i@io; Raisins, lb 10@15
Figs, dried lb.. 6010 Strawberries
Grape" Fnilt.dz.75c«$l* per drawer ..:.83®5O
Grapes lb 10®12J4'Tangerinea do»..tO«2i>
Huckleberries, lb.—^ 10,Walnuts, per lb.l3®20
Lemons, doz ....10®25|
VEGETABLES—
Artlchokes.dz 50®$l 23IOnions, per lb S4}'4t
Beets, dozen lfl<g —lOkra. dried. W..2O& —
Beans, white, lb. $<ft —'Potatoes, per lb.1%'3 %
Colored per lb. 5@ —fParsnips, per dz,1332t>
Dried Lima, lb. 5« flip.adlshes. dz bch-lSUSf*
Cabbage, each... 5®10|Rhubarb, lb ....,—0 5
Celery, head.... 3<«aiO'Paffe. dz bnchea.23® —
Cress, dz bunch.l5@ —!String Beans, lb. 8910
Cucumbers, ea 3<f?15:summer Squash. •
Garlic 10<3I2m per lb 6® 8
Green I*eppers.lb. 8©IO!Sprouts, per lb.. —*e it
Dried Peppers . .lnfjl5' Spinach per lb.. —9 3
Egg Plant. lb.lO^12U'Sweet Potatoes,lo—<S> 2
Green Peas. <lb.. S*?l01 Thyme, dz bncb < 8.23'3W
Lettuce per doz.l3*T3O!Turnips. per do*. —*IMI
Leeks dz bneh.l5<fr2O!Tomatoes. lb :... 1WJ15
Mushrooms. lb...l5(S.10t .
FISH. PER POUND—
Barracouta .. .10012^jlRockcod .. M —£13
Carp —<810!Sea Bass —O12H
Catfish .v. —«J12 1 3 I Fmelta 10®12H
Codfish —©12tv Soles 10015
Flounders 10@—IFkates, each ....lOrfSTS
Halibut. 15©—(Squid —©—
Herring RSlOiTomcod lft®—
Mackerel 15® —ITurbot 420<3—
Do horse 12V.«?—! Trout —#73
Rockflsh —«12»'.!Whlteflsh ...loe—
Salmon, fresh. —@12HJC!an»s. gallon ..60«J
Do emoked ... —€20'- Drt hardshell, rb Rfflrt
Sardines SfilO\Crawfish.per lb.l2Ufl15
Shad 1C©—-Crabs, each 2<MT2,V
Striped Bass..l2^«13IMusse!s lb 12U«iS
Perch 1m— Oysters.. Cal. 100.40®30
Pompino. 73c<?$l) Do Eastern. dz^0<54r>
F & C H es.115% — !Powell-st «■• — —
Geary-st 5s.. — 85 Sac EGARSs. 101*4 —
H C&S 6%s.lOR — |SF & SJV5«.119% —
Do 5s ....101% — (Sierra R 6».. — —
Hon R T Rs.106% — S P of A «s
L A Elec 59.105 — I (1900) 100% —
LAG & E4 5s — — } (tniO) 110& — ,
L A Ry 5s.. — — |S P of C 6s
L A L Co 6s — — } O»05iSr A. 101 101 H
Do gtd 6s. — — I CWOSlSr B. — 103%
Do Btd 5s.lO4% — r aSOfi'J i 104% —
LAP lem Ss.lOt — f <1912) 114% —
Mkt-st C fis.ltft 116%!SPC 1 eg 5s. — — .
Do lem Rs.llC 11T ! Do stamp<1.10«% — .
MV* MtT5s.I0O 110 IP P B R 6s.l33 135«4
NRR of C68.10HH — ■ 3 V Wat 68.10*% —
Do 5s .:..119% — Do 4s 2dm.l0fH4 —
"N P C R .19.105% — Do 4s 3dm. flOti 99^5
N C Ry 5s.. — — f Do K mt«-4s »7-T4 —
N C P C 5s. — — (Stkn G*Efis. »3 —
N S R R Bs. 99 10-1 !TT G & B 5«.102% —
OG L&H 59. — 110 !UR of SF 4s. S7% S7%
O W gtd 5s. — — »
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 25 — iPort Costa... — «—••'*
Marln CoA.. — ' BS T ;'S "VWat Col 39 30*1
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 3% 4%tS F O *• E. 83% 54
Mutual EL.— 11 I Stkn O * B. — 5%
Pac L Co. . . 59% — !U G & E Co. •— —
' INSURANCE.
FIrem's Fnd. — 340 I
BANK STOCKS. \
Am Ntl Bk.. — 132%lL P & A 153 — .
Anglo-Cal .. 87% — |Mer Trust.... — 239
Bank of Cal.421% — Merch Ex 60 — .
Cal Safe Dp. 152 «- IS F National — "— -,
Frst Natlonl.310 — I
SAVINGS BANKS. '--»
Ger S & L.2330 — 'Sav & L So.. — 100
Hum S & L. — — [Sec Sj»v Bk.. — 424 .
Mutual Sav. 99% — |Unlon T Co.. — 3300
S F Sav IT. 610 675 t :
STREET RAILROADS.
California -.200 — iPresldio — " 42 '
Geary ...... — 50 I
POWDER, ,
Giant 63% — |Vigorit fl 4%
• " «UGAR.
Hawaiian C. 73% 74%!Makawe!l C. 83 32^4
Honokaa S C 17% lS^'Onomea S C. 32 —
Hutch S P C 15 15»4!Paauhau 3 C 20"% 21 .
Kllauea S C. — — I
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska PA. 92 — lOceanic S Co. 5 « '
Cal F C A. — !>0%lPac Aux FA. 4% — .
Cal Wine A. 80- 84 IPac C Borx.157 —
MV& MtTm. 95 102 IPac S Tel Co.lOTTillOS'/i
• SALES. *;«y
' Morning Session. ■' ;
Board —
10 Giant Powder Con .......... 83 50
70 Hutchlnson S P Co. cash.... 13 12%
10O S F Gas *. Electric 83 15 .
125 Spring Valley Water Co 3923'"
$5.C0O Cal Gas & El G M & C T Sm.. 84 in.,-.
$1,000 Market- st Ry 1st con 6s 116 SO/ 1 *
Street—
25 Hawaiian Coml * Sugar 74 W> ■
20 Makaweli - 32 25
45 S F Gas & Electric 53 75 1
$4,000 Sacramento El Gas & Ry 5s.. 102 23
.",".'.,. 'Afternoon Session. -' ~\ ■ Z~,
Board— ■ i ■.
100 Hutchinson S P Co 15 12%
5 Onomea Sugar Co 32*23
£» Sprln* Valley Water Co...... 88 25 I
$9,000 United R R at S.F 4 per cent. 87 62%
Street —
$2,000 Pacific Electrla Ry Bs 108 CO
$14,000 Cal Gas & El G M & C T 6s. 44 50
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. | Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC ea. 90 1CO<4!SF & NP 5s.I12%- — .
B L Wat €•.»— 1U%!S P C R 4s. 96 — ,
Cal NW 5s.. — , 113%!S P Co 4%s.. 99%100%
M C Wat Ss.100 — Sun Tel 6a... 114% — ,
His I WksSs — 105 j Do 5a 106 —
SF Drdk 5s. 1W — |3attr-« R Bs.104 —
, MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS. ,
Ala b Co... — 25 (Mat Nav Co. 70 — ;
Amer Bi» Co — 90 Nev Nat Bk.200 —
Cal Cot Mils SO — |N Cal P Co.. — 10
Cal G&ECor. 49% 50 Oak Bk Sav.125 —
C Jockey C1.110 — Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cal Powder.,130 145 IOOF Hali A «% —
Cal Ship Co. — 21 Orpheum Co. — 16%
Cal T J & T — 155 PacC Cas Co.125 -~~--
Cen Bk Oak 68 — Pac Sur Co. 105 —
Chutea Co .. — 6 Paraf Paint.. 39 '—
City & C Bk — 120 8 F.Drydock — 65
Cyp L Imp.. — «% SF&SJ Coal. 17% 20
DptPwd pfd. 75 SO S J Wat Co.103% —
Do com .. — - 60 SO & MTkbt.125 —
FN Bk. Oak. 120 — • SwUm-A Bk..l2rt —
Fischer Thtr — 1% Truck Elect. 11 12%
Frnch-A Bk.lM — Union S Co. — 31%
Hono P Co.. 27 — UR InC pfd. 65*4 60%
Do pool .. — - 29 Do com ... 17 -— ,.-
Lon& SF Bk 60 ' — |
" : - ' EALE3. , . .
. Afternoon Session. ' .
• Street— ■ .; •-.
10O Cal Gas & Elec Corp... 50 00
California Stock and Oil Exchange.
Oil atocks-p' Bid. -Asked.
Apollo %.'... • ..-. 40
Associated Trust Cert ... 26 27 '
Caribou ••• 7.00 10 00,
Central Point 'Con ......... 70 "■
Chicago Crude 23 •....
Coalinga & Pacific , .. CO \....
Forty ...... ■■ f \^J$- =••••'
Pour , • * l3^ • ....
Hanford .••••- ....;.. .1S5 00 ;200 00.
aome •"*••* '••• H' ■'■&*
Independence •-.. .... 29 ....
Kern 5 00 ,-....
Monte Cristo - - 8©
Oil City Petroleum .. .. - .... 74 .
Superior 03 \,':.;
Thirty-three ;.........,..,. .... .8,25
Twenty-eight ..... i 14 00 .
Miscellaneous— £MBBR
Northern Cal Power ..«. 9 75
Morni n s • Session. ■
.4000 Forty Oil ....... ....T... ......'.. 46
Continued on v Page Fourteen
1516
JOE ROSENBERG'S. ' . . - - -
You can laugh at, the weeping skies if
you are under one of our
We want particular people to come in and inspect them.
We are positive they will go away with one— perhaps two, if
they have friends.
T^fciw LADIES' AND GENTS' UMBRELLAS
— Made with steel rod and frame covered
with fast black Italian twilled cloth. Many
different styles, with natural wood handles.
, LADIES' ' AND' * GENTS' UMBRELLAS
*1\JJF\ TBSraffiry/ —Made with steel rod and frame covered
*At! YlfiiaSS5f//f with fast black mercerized twilled cloth.
m liltoS&rtir* Highly polished Japanese wood handles;
a * s0 Congo wood handles and metal trim-
( rvs iWW mcd » in great man y st y les r * Oc
c£s *&$' LADIES' UMBRELLAS — Steel rod and
J~EEz£rw/f paragon frame, covered with linen twilled
si\ t JJ^wj gloria cloth, with moth«f of pearl and horn
/& X- V\ handles; in a larse variety of handles. Price
LADIES* UMBRELLAS— Steel rod and paragon frame, covered with
fast black silk finish twilled doth. A beautiful fancy handle in
mother of pearl and German silver. Price 69c
GENTS* UMBRELLAS — Patent self-opening kind; by touching a
button it opens by itself; steel frame and has twenty-one unbreak-
able steel ribs; impossible to blow inside out; natural wood han-
dles, German silver trimmed, covered with double twilled cloth;
rain-proof and stainless. Price 7Z>c
GENTS' UMBRELLAS — With fancy horn handles, in doe and other
designs; also bamboo handle, inlaid with fancy silver; some trim-
med with coin metal. Patent self-opening Iqnd with twenty-one
6teel ribs, which makes it impossible to blow inside out; covered
with fast black silk finish twilled cloth. Not one worth less than
$1.50; at the Price Cutter's 95c
LADIES' UMBRELLAS — Cherry wood handles, with cluster of
cherries on; mother of pearl, fancy styles; also some others with
gun metal, horn and German silver trimmed; steel frame, paragon
ribs; covered with fast black Italian twilled cloth, also cover and
tassel; we let you be the judge and we are positive you'll be sur-
prised at the low price $1.OO
M ROSENBERG On Sale on Our
ne Prke cutter Bargain Floor...
816 Market St. I! O'Farrell St. |
M0NNIER HOME
FULL OF STRIFE
Wife of Wine Merchant Says
Adopted Son Struck His
Foster Father and Mother
Garden spades and murderous looking
carving knives were placed in evidence
yesterday during the early stages of
the Monnier will contest in Judge Gra
ham's court, and the hired man of the
family, Bernard Souarn, testified
through the Interpreter that they fig
ured in the many Monnier quarrels.
For the rest of the day, Mrs. Monnier
Sr. was on the stand and told of the
many violent scenes and assaults that
occurred. She described In detail the
last ciays and death of her husband.
Frequent crying Interrupted her testi
mony.
On redirect examination by George D.
Collins, Mrs. Monnier became quite in
dignant at the persistent objections to
the line of questions by Sullivan and
Roche, attorneys for the contestant, re
garding the conversations of the elder
couple respecting Monnler's permitting
George Monnier Jr. and his wife to re
main at the home on Folsom street.
She exclaimed from the witness stand,
"It's the truth that I tell, it's the truth,
and George knows it, for he lies when
he is on the stand. Tou all lie!"
Sullivan asked if she meant that he
lied. "No," replied Mrs. Monnier. "but
George does." ; . "..■..
Mrs. Monier said that Violet Monnier
caused much trouble, and quarreled
continually, and that George and his
wife often 6ent their little girl Flossie
to her to obtain money on the pretext
that it was wanted for clothing.
The witness testified that one early
morning when she called at George's
Toom to get a key, he called her names,
and, opening the door struck her. vio
lently on the head, throwing the key
Into the halL This testimony was fol
lowed by arguments between counsel
over the admission of alleged hearsay
end Irrelevant testimony.
Mrs. Monnier described the signing of
the will, at which time her husband ap
peared sane and In good health. She
then told of his worry over money mat
ters and approachlnr Insanity, until
the time when they were compelled to
etr&p him to the bed, so violent did he
become. For short Intervals he was re
leased, but was frequently given
cplate* until his death.
Step that Conarh by oatnc Plts/i Cor*
tat Oonrompnon. . All firuixli u. 25c. •
1 Th* average housekeeper's Idea of
hell is a place where she will have to
wash dishes forever and ever.
ADVERTISE3IEXTS. ■
GHIRARDELLFS
Tiny chocolate wafers SlffiBf
that charm the palate ill 1
and nourish the sys- JK I \||fl
Ai Confectioners' and Grocers'. iSfflf M[ || I Im! j I I S
ELECTION BOARD
WINS ON POINTS
Accusation Faulty Because
It Was Not Concurred In
by Twelve Grand Jurors
The tangle in regard to the accusa
tion of the Grand Jury charging the
Election Commissioners with misfeas
ance in office is more involved than
ever. Judge Lawlor having decided
yesterday afternoon that the accusa
tion should have been concurred in by
at least twelve members instead of ten.
The. Judge made It clear? however, that
his decision would not ba a bar to the
present Grand Jury filing another ac
cusation.
When the case was called Secretary
Welsh of the former Grand Jury was
called and he testified that when the
vote was taken on the accusation ten
voted in the afllrmative and seven in
the negative.
In regard to other - points raised by
Attorneys Cator and Johnson on mo
tion to quash the proceedings and de
murrer the Judge thought it advisable
to give his decision. He held that the
view that the Mayor was vested with
exclusive authority to remove officials
was not in accordance with the law.
He also held that the defendants were
not immune from prosecution because
they had testified before the Grand
Jury.
The defendants scored a point, how
ever, in asserting that the accusation
should have been in the name
of the people. The Judge agreed
with them, but intimated that
it would not be a .bar 'to = an
other accusation. When the accusation
was first called in court objection was
taken to the process that it was not In
the name of the people. The point was
argued for, some days and finally the
Judge held that it was well taken, as
the proceedings were criminal in their
nature. A new. citation was Issued in
the name of the people and bearing the
seal of the court, but it was objected
that the accusation itself had not been
changed and was not in the name of
the people. This was the point that th©
Judge held yesterday was well taken.
Am a drenlnr and color restorer, Parker's
Hair Balsam never falls to satisfy.
Parker's Qlnger Tonic alleviates suffering •
SAILOR STRUCK BT CAR.— William Haa
nlgsji. a sailor, waa struck by a car at the
corner of Beale and Market itreeu last «v*n
lngr. but was fortunate enough to escap* with
only a icalp wound. Ho says ha did not bear
th* warnl&r bell and stepped on tiv» track b«
for* th« srlpmao had a chance to atop.
A dre*m of pleasure, the new two for
quarter size American, $2 75 box 26. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CABL, SATURDAY,-: DECEMBER 31, 1904.
DOCTORS WILL
LOSE POSITIONS
Two of the Emergency Hos
• pital Surgeons Are to Be
Ousted From the Service
SUKPEISES EXPECTED
Chief Stephen Says That
Many. Shifts Will Be Made,
but Knows No Details
If Dame Rumor knows what she Is
talking about, Ruef's political ax is be
ing sharpened for a general decapita
tion bee to be held at the Emergency
Hospitals on January 1. Those who
wish to be beheaded can have their
wish gratified; those who do not will
be beheaded without the usual cere
mony.
According to the present schedule two
of the emergency surgeons will go out
and their places will be filled by disap
pointed candidates for the Job when the
last lot received their appointments.
Dr. Stephen, who draws the chief sur
geon's pay, says there will be a great
many changes at the beginning of the
new year, but professes not to know
Just what they will be. He Is undoubt
edly right, for the 'present Board of
Health seldom takes him Into confi
dence in the making of changes.
The two physicians who are said to
be slated for the shelf are Drs. Herzog
and Wilson. The latter is a good sur
geon and has served for some time.
There are also rumors of more
changes In the stewards and nurses of
the hospitals., The ambulance drivers
will not In all probability be affected
by the changes, as they are about to go
through a civil service examination for
the permanency of their positions. One
change has already become known.
Miss Katherlne Wynne will give way
to a Miss Hart, a former attache of the
Central Emergency Hospital.
The secretary of the Board of Health
admitted that wholesale changes would
be made, but refused to give any fur
ther information.'
POHEIM'S AMBITION.
Will Quit Health Board tq Seek Po
lice Commissioner-ship.
It was ascertained yesterday on
what appears to be reliable information
that Dr. Joseph Poheim, present mem
ber of the Board of Health, will retire
from that office upon the expiration of
him term on January 9 next, to as
sume some other office in the gift of
Mayor Schmitz. Poheim has aspira
tions to be Police Commissioner to suc
ceed Howell and is backed by some
strong Influences. Whether Pohelm's
ambition will be gratified, or not the
Mayor has not yet announced.
It ;s said that if the Police Commis-
Blonership goes to some other man,
Poheim will b« appointed as superin
tendent cf the Pure Food Department,
a new position to be created by the
Health Board. Dr. George Drucker is
still In the running for Police Commis
sioner and his friends are making val
iant efforts in his behalf.
A new candidate for secretary of the
Police Commission to succeed Cadwala
der has appeared In Alexander O'Grady,
an attorney, who made speeches for
Schmitz during the latter's last cam
paign. George Maxwell at one time
seemed to have the inside track. for the
place, but ether interests prevent his
acceptance thereof. The secretaryship
pays $125 per month and is under civil
service, although there is no eligible
list for it at present.
Regarding the probable appointments
on the various boards and municipal
commissions there seems to be no
change in the situation as already told
some weeks ago in The Call. Thomas
F. Egan looks to have the call for
Commissioner of Public Works to suc
ceed Casey, but the wise ones are pre
dicting that a dark horse will come un
di«r th<» wire first and beat Eg in.
School Director Altmann, Fire Com
missioner Wreden, Election Commis
sioner Voorsanger and Civil Service
Commissioner Rogers are sure of ] be
ing reappolnted to -succeed themselves.
It is understood that Rogers will give
up his office, probably in March, to ac
company Congressman-elect Hayes to
Washington as secretary. In that
event David J. Oliver will succeed to
the vacancy, the Mayor having given
Oliver assurance that he will be pro
vided for.
Dr. Jules Simon will be named on
the Health Board, but the Park Com
mlsslonershlp is In doubt, although
William H. Metson seems . to stand a
fine chance for appointment thereto.
Mayor Schmitz stated yesterday that
the official announcements will not be
made until next Friday night.
COMMERCIAL TRAVELERS .
AT THE MAJESTIC
Road Men Have Gala Time at Benefit
Performance for Widows' and
Orphans' Fund.
Golden Gate Council No. 80 of the
United Commercial Travelers of Amer
ica filled the comfortable Majestic
Theater last night with their friends
to witness a performance of Hoyt's
"A Contested Woman." ..The proceeds
were for/ the benefit of the widows'
and orphans' fund. The theater was
tastefully decorated for the occasion
and the/ friends of the association
turned put and enthusiastically re
ceived the Majestic's excellent com
pany In the , famous comedy.
Besides the regular performance, in
which many local "gags" were inter
polated, the programme was varied by
a clever and entertaining series . of
lantern slide views, showing many of
the members of the association pic
tured in the many .vicissitudes .: of the
road and a few of the recreations. The
hit of the evening, however, was the
reading of a toast, cleverly introduced
by Howard Gould, referring to the love
of home in the heart of; every travel
ing man. The toast, however, was
neatly offset by Miss Esmond, who re
sponded to the . toast, "Our sweet
hearts and wives," with the : Hoytian
line "May they never meet." The re
sponse was greeted with rounds'of ap
plause. '
„ PETITIONS IN INSOLVENCY.— Creditors
6j.vJ. O. Orannis .,-':* Co.- .'•- flled:.;a- petition
yesicrday in the - United , States . District ' Court
asking; .that . the firm ■ be " declared • an ; Involun
tary bankrupt. Michael \ L. Carroll. I; Southern
Pacific employe, Oakland, also filed a petition.
He owes $543 and ■ has not assets.
FOUNDER OF STRANGE
CREED DIES IN
THIS CITY.
WILL.IAM PIKE PHELON. FOUN
DER OF HERMETIC BROTHER
HOOD, WHO DIED YESTERDAY.
Dr./W. M. Phelon, elder brother of
the .Hermetic Brotherhood, passed
away /quietly yesterday at the local
community's headquarters at 509 Van
Ness avenue. His remains will be
cremated at Odd Fellows' Cemetery
next Monday morning at 11 o'clock.
Dr. Phelon was born in Yorkshire,
England, seventy years ago. He came
to this country in his early manhood
and engaged in the practice of medi
cine and surgery in Chicagb. During
the Civil War he was a captain sur
geon with an Illinois regiment.
With Madame Blavatsky he founded
the Hermetic Brotherhood. The society
has for its aim the molding of human
character through the study of the
mysteries of the inhabitants of Atlan
tis, the lost continent. <
Dr. Phelon claimed to have lived on
Atlantis and to have been reincarnated
to educate the people of this age In the
arts he learned thousands, of years
ago. He was widely known among those
who are interested : in theosophy, but
paid more . attention to the Christian
than the Buddhist side of the question.
He leaves one son who is engaged in
newspaper work In Chicago.
Friend of tlie Fallen Dies.
NEW YORK, Dec SO.— Mrs. Sofia L.
Mattern, an accomplished painter and
linguist, who abandoned art that she
might work among the unfortunate
and do something toward uplifting
women who fall Into the hands, of the
police. Is dead in Brooklyn from
paralysis. For some time she acted
as matron of a police station. About
a year ago Mrs. Mattern discovered a
long missing deed to the valuable
James Darden- property In Carrollton
County, Missouri. It was pasted to
the back of an old family portrait.
Chico Physician Is Dead.
CHICO, Dec. 30.— Dr. H. L. Hamilton,
aged 34 years, a prominent physician,
died here to-day. He was a member of
the Foresters of America and of the
'Eagles. Dr. Hamilton was a graduate
of the California Medical College of San
Francisco.
Murlne Eye Remedy cures sore Eyes.
Makes weak Eyes strong. Murine doesn't
smart; it soothes and quickly cures. •
The Conrad Funeral.
The funeral, services . over .' e re
mains of the late Mrs.- Belle Wing
field Conrad, past grand president of
the Native Daughters of the Golden
West, will be conducted this afternoon
in the mortuary, chapel of the Odd
Fellows' Cemetery. The service will
T>e conducted'" under the . auspices of
the ' Native ■ Daughters.
ADVERTISE^lEyTS.
THE OLD RELIABLE
RAY flTY
(Established 1875.) v
1132-38 MarkerSt/ 25-27-29 Turk St.
WISHES ; YOU
A' HAPPY NEW . YEAR.
Special Sale Every Saturday
SHOULDER SPRING LAMB. C^
per lb: .: *.: . ...... . . »«?C
FORE-QUARTERS SPRING ff A
LAMB,- per lb. . . . ., /. . .;.Y. . . * C
HI ND - Q U A R T E R S 1 f*^
i; SPRING LAMB, per lb. . . I UC
CHOICE ROAST BEEF. 1A-,
: per lb. . . . . 1 . . ... . .'. . .8c to 1 \JC
ROAST PORK (Corn Fed), f\±
per lbr. . . . :..... ........ . . <C
CORNED . BEEF. (The Best), Ci±
per^lbV. . . . . ..;:... ......... DC
SWEET^: PICKLED PORK Q^
: SPARE/RIBS, per. lb . . . . .... OC
EASTERN -SUGAR CURED 1 *% 1 1.
; HAMS, :per lb. ...;....-.; t. I62C
EASTERNSUGAR CURED :V 'i £^
BACON; per lb ';Y. L .:y, ... I OC
Big, Cut on Prices of All Other Meats.
TRADES COUNCIL
FACES BIG SUIT
Lumber Company Brings
' Boycotting War to Supe
rior Court for Adjudication
CHAEGE OF CONSPIRACY
Mill Owners' Association Co-
Defendant in Action for
Damages and Injunction
Four years of warfare between the
unionized . building trades and the
Union Lumber Company — a fight far
reaching in effect and methodical In its
conduct between organized labor and
an industrial corporation, that has
been talked about and • written about
all over the land— has at last been
brought to a court of equity for settle
ment. The complaint was filed yester
day and assigned to Judge Sloss* de
partment. It Is more specific in its al
legations and more particular in its de
mands for relief than have been any
of the numerous suits against labor
unions that have yet been filed and
tried.
The Union Lumber Company, operat
ing lumber yards at Sixth and Channel
streets In this city and at Fort Bragg,
Is the plaintiff. Bush Finnell of the
Citizens' Alliance I? its attorney, and
C. E. "Wilson is of counsel. A perpetual
injunction and (damages In the sum of
$100,000 are asked, and a mere naming
of the defendants bespeaks the impor
tance of the action. A central labor
body, an association of owners and va
rious unions and individuals are put
on the defensive, the list including the
following: The Building Trades Coun
cil, the San Francisco Planing Mill
Owners' Association, the District Coun
cil of Carpenters, Millmen's Union
Local No. 422, Millmen's Union Local
423. the forty-eight officers of these or
ganizations, headed by P. H. McCar
thy and fifty "Does," supposed to rep
resent the unknown membership.
In October, 1900, the Union Lumber
Company withdrew from the Mill Own
ers' Association, and six weeks later
the association entered into an agree
ment with the Building Trades Coun
cil to operate their plants under union
rules. The Union Lumber Company
refused to concur and has been running
an "open shop" ever since. This 13 the
basis of the trouble.
COMPLAINT IS LOXG.
The complaint contains forty-five
typewritten pages and In the beginning
identifies- the various defendants.
Speaking of the Building Trades Coun
cil, It says that it is a secret, volun
tary, unincorporated association; that
it receives delegates from the various
unions engaged in the building Indus
tries. One of its functions Is, acting on
the initiative of proper local unions, to
determine when boycotts shall be In
stituted. Its rules, under the pain of
penalties and forfeitures, are enforced
against the union members and en
forced against employers by meftns of
strikes and boycotts. These rules pro
vide for hours of labor, compensation
for work, selection of employes,- re
striction of apprentices, etc. This bind
ing together of the unions, declares
the complaint, makes the rules a pow
erful engine If permitted to be en
forced for the oppression of members,
employers or material men.
The Planing Mill Owners' Associa
tion Is declared to be an organization
of persons owning, controlling and op
erating the principal planing mills in
this city and the State of California.
The State Building Trades Council,
says the complaint, while pretending to
represent the- counties of Alameda,
Sacramento, San Joaquin, Santa Clara
and Santa Cruz, is under the control of
the Building Trades Council . of San
Francisco. '
After these preliminaries, the com
plainant says that it was requested to
unionize its shop, but declined to do
so, leaving the matter to the free
choice of its employes and considering
the union rule,s as unreasonable and
an* Infringement upon the personal lib
erties of the plaintiff and its men. On
October 20, 1900, certain demands were
made upon the Mill Owners' Associa
tion by the Building Trades Council
with reference to the number of men
employed and the terms of their em
ployment. The plaintiff could not ac
cuiesce in the proposed subjection of
its business to the Building Trades
Council, and withdrew from the asso
ciation. When the other members en
tered into the agreement, It Is charged,
a conspiracy was entered into to co
erce the Union Lumber Company, "and
it was agreed to Inaugurate a boycott
against the concern and all persons
who did business with it.
BOYCOTT INAUGURATED.
It is alleged that on De
cember 1, 1900, with the deliber
ate intent to injure the company,- the
boycott designs were begun and have
been carried, on ever since. The com
pany'has been' declared "unfair," here
and at Fort Bragg; Its customers have
received oral and written notices- to
desist from patronizing it and many,
willing but afraid to-deal, have with
drawn their business.
I The complaint then gives* a list of
some of the customers who received
such notices. Among them were R.
Trost of 3336 Army street; George Ryan
of 28 Alabama street, who wa^ "cited
to show cause'',by the council why he
should not cease trading with the lum
ber company, and was told that he
would be fined $250 if he did it again.
Engle .: & Son, Fillmore and Francisco
srltets, forced to quit under threat of
flm;; E. P. Horn fined $100 for using
the f company's lumber^ not bearing a
union stamp, and fourteen others.
It is declared that agents of the
unions Vweht: to^Petaluma, Sacramento,
CorteMadera, Larkspur and Mill Val
ley and ' prohibited the local unions at
those places ■■ from ; handling the firm's
lumber. . Jr A. ; Hopkins & Co/ of
Petaluma were compelled to return a
shipment of two carloads of lumber and
advised by the council'to . stop further
orders. Alist^of customers in outside
towns who have been intimidated, is
given.
Another, charge . is that the defend
ants maintained runners \ who followed
the -Union Lumber 'Company's
out* of the yards,', annoying; the drivers
ajidJflridlng' where! the .delivery; v : was"
; made."]; Upon freporting,^ the contractors
and 5 bullders^whojbought;; the"; lumber
7 were Informed that if they used it they
HALE'S. | HALE'S.
oT~ '^ ■ "■' ••.;,. ~ — -^—°.
I The Hale Store Will Be Closed AH Day Monday |
o , : ; — O
Splendid Saturday Opportunity for Women in
Walking Skirts at $1.95
A All-wool walking skirts, splendidly ]
cut and made. Heavy tweeds in dark
colors, with intermingled threads of
green, blue, tan and red! (The picture
will give you an idea of the style).
We are fortunate in having just enough,
maybe, for a one-day's sale, if it's
clear.
If it's rainy and disagreeable 'phone your order.
— Some other skirts at 82.95, S3.9S and 85.00.
But emphasis on the SI. 95 ones to-day.
Q ; : "< :
, Pop the old year out and the new year in with one of
Hole's poppers. They make a loud noise. We will give
away 3000 of them to-day for the asking.
©■ . . . c
S5.00 Means More in New Year's Horns at
Trimmed Hats To- Day 5c and 10c
Than it has yet this season. Good, loud ones; find them on the
It's the highest price in the third floor - . . .
Hale millinery store this morn-
ing. Baby Pillbw Slips
Beautiful trimmed hats, some of Samples at 25c To-DaV
them with ermine, others entirely . . ■•-•*-.. t ,rt.
of violets. (And these will be *ood ,\ traveling salesman left them
for spring.) Others of velvet, with with us rather than take them back
plumes, and in black, red and most with him. Regular 50c pillow slips
i every color. Such an opportunity we can sell at 25c to-day. • /
as hasn't been presented before and They're in soft white linon. many !
women will appreciate to-day. $5.00. of them with embroidered ruffles.
More of tliooe girls' rainy day tarns some of them stamped to work,
to-day at 19c. Th.9 best school hats. Others already embroidered. It's an*"
opportunity mothers will appreci-
Buy Your Candy for New ate - to - da y-
Year's at Hale's To-Day
Best French mixed, chocolates Men's Umbrellas, 45c •
and bonbons, 35c lb. Order by ... .
phone if it rains. Good, serviceable ones, strongly
■ made.
OddS and EndS 60o for Women'* Umbrella*— 28-
_ , . _ inch ones, paragon frames,- metal
;.-. Jewelry at 5c handles.
Including gold-olated pins, hat *. \
pins, brooches, oxydized and Ori- {^v^p^-^f3^ && If
ental button sets for waists; collar J5t%& Jt*7^&e&_J0f& >
It's an odd lot at an odd price: that jciwvaj* ~^r
makes it worth while to come and see * "^^—t»W7l-. 7?f^~^
them to-day. You'll find a bargain _ t «•«.*»•»
that win pay you for the trip. Market Street, Near Sixth, S. P.
would bo boycotted and the mechanics
would be called on a strike. The com
plaint names several contractors who
were thus forced to send shingles and
lumber back to the company.
It is further asserted, that on
November 29, 1902, communications
were sent to the various build
ers' exchanges and associations notify
ing them of the boycott and giving al
leged reasons therefor. In these let
ters it was stated that no union man
would handle or place any lumber,
whether rough or plain, which was or
had been the property of the Union
Lumber Company.
Attached to the complaint are the
agreements between the Mill Owners'
Association and the Trades Council of
February 19, 1901, and June 16, 1903.
DAMAGES AND INJUNCTION.
In the prayer, damages for $100,000
are asked. Plaintiff asks for a perpet
ual Injunction restraining the perform
ance of acts complained of, interfering
with the business of the company or
any person attempting to do business
with It; restraining interference with
the sale or contracts for Bale of lum
ber by representing that the buyers
will suffer loss of business; Interfer
ence by intimidation; interference by
sending notices or circulars through
the mails; interference by maintaining
runners to follow the plaintiff's
wagons; Interference by enforcing
fines, or expulsion of members of the
unions who handle the lumber; Inter
ference by using union labels on lum
ber not made by the plaintiff In order
to declare the plaintiff's lumber unfair.
A decree Is also demanded that the
council and the Owners' Association
shall rescind all oral or written notices
and requests made to persons or cor
porations, builders, contractors or
owners, not to purchase the company's
lumber.
GENERAL MOORE "WTLIi SAIL
ON THOMAS TO HONOLULU
Goes to Complete Inspections of
Troops Under His Command In
This Department.
Brigadier General Francis Moore
will depart to-day on the transport
Thomas for Honolulu. He goes to in
spect the troops stationed there at
Camp McKinley. This will wind up
his inspection of the troops of this
department, as he has already made
inspections of all the troops In this
State under his command. He ex
pects to return by the end of January.
He is accompanied by his wife, his
daughter. Miss Jessie Moore, and hla
aid. Lieutenant Creed F. Cox.
The Thomas will' also carry 504 re
cruits for the Philippines, three com
panies of field artillery and a large
number of casuals. In fact, she goes
loaded to her full capacity.
Judge George D. Gear, Judge of
the Circuit Court at Honolulu, with
his wife, had expected to sail on the
Thomas, but at the last moment he
was compelled to change his plans
and will remain here until the next
transport sails on February 1.
Major C. A. Devol and family will
leave the Crocker, ' where they have
been Hying for the last year, and will
move to-day to the Occidental.
The new pamphlet containing the
roster of the troops of the Depart
ment of California, which embraces
the States of California, Nevada and
Hawaiian Islands, has Just been. Is
sued.
Italian Lodse Officers.
Italiana Speranza Lodge No. 219,
F.' and A. M.;' will start the new year
with' new officers. The installation
ceremonies occurred . last night in the
Masonic Temple. Speranza Lodge Is
composed entirely of citizens of Ital
ian birth or. extraction and is one of
the ; .oldest and strongest Masonic
lodges in the city. The installed of
ficers are* Ph. de Martini. W. M.; A.
B. Scalmanini, S. W. ; L.' Valsangia
como," J.W.; J.C.Sala," treasurer; G.
Scalmanini, secretary; J. R. Tomaslni,
marshal; J/M.Icardo, S. D.; p.
Righetti, J. D.; P. Marina, S. SI: A.
G.. Dondero, J. S.; G. de' Bono, tyler.
NEW POSTAL STATIONS.— Postmaster
Fisk announces . the establishment of two ad
ditional substations, one In the New Merchants'
Exchange bulldjnjr. numbered 4. and the other
in the Praffer tjiildins;,' on Market stre«t, num
bered 47.- .Eugene Cerf -will be : in charffa of
No, 4 and & VT. Saalburs In charge of No. 47.
OLD SUIT IS AT LAST
BROUGHT TO A TRIAI
Evidence Taken In Action Brought fa
1890 by Clerk Against Sanitary
Collecting Company.
The trial of the suit of Miss Annh
Goecken against the Sanitary Col
lecting Company, which was brough
In 1890 to recover $292 advanced b;
the plaintiff to the corporation, was
begun yesterday before Justice of th«
Peace Daniels. I* R. Ellert. -who- Is
now dead; John Lackmann, former
Sheriff, and "Jake" Rauer were made
codefendants, but tha plaintiff con
sented to dismiss the action so far ai
they are personally concerned. Th#
corporation has been in Insolvency
proceedings in the United States cour
for fourteen years, which accounts f
the delay In bringing Miss Goecken
suit to trial. An attempt was mad,
to hold Lackmann individually re
sponsible for the claim through tha
overhearing by H. B. Goecken, father
of the plaintiff, in which Goecken al
leged Lackmann had promised hi;
daughter to pay the claim himself
Miss Goecken testified that while actr
lng as clerk for the concern she had
advanced $500 at a time when team
sters and other employes of the com
pany were clamoring for their wages
Sha had been paid back all but {232
The case went over for further evi
dence as to the company's liability lj
the premises. ;
8C&afl&3C8%aO3C83C6tt
I Oriental Goods I
I At Wholesale Prices |
| Ve Offer Our Entire Extra Fine 1
1 Collection of I
1 ORIENTAL RUGS f
| ANDCDRTAINS I
I 25% DISCOUNT!
j3 From Regular Retail Prices f
g We are Sole Agents for John .
g Crossley & Son's Celebrated >
2 English Carpets. '.
§Chas.M7Ptom&Co.g
I Cor. Ninth and Market Sts. |
• ~~ ~~;
y A happy, prosper- \W>
M ous New Year to i B
|j all our friends and |
|| customers. Qrj
I A.P.H0TAUNG5C0. I
U 429-437 Jackson St. fa
H SAN FRANCISCO. ¥/
" _^_ <i
EVERY^BLADE^RRANTEiy