. THE WEATHER. I
Fir*ea!rt r"«*« at Eaa Fraacitco for
thirty hour* er.dirg midnight. Decem
ber 23: s
f - - --' ;- ■ ■ -. _ ■ ,*■ -
San Francisco and rlcinlty — Cloudy
Friday. *rtta rain; brisk to hi*h ionth
eist winS*. A. G. McADIE.
District Forecaster.
VOLUME XCVII— NO. 23.
ELLIS REFUSES TO BE MADE THE SCAPEGOAT
\ ■ - - -
fThat he does not intend to be made a scapegoat by any member of the Police Department, but he insists that he has not confessed
SERGEJtJfT ELLIS DECLARES \ to receiving secret instructions from Chief of Police Wittman to protect owners of gambling dens in Chinatown. Last night before
[the Grand Jury he was closely . questioned about the alleged "graft" in Chinatown, but made no statement incriminating anyone.
[That he secretly instructed Sergeant Ellis to permit gambling houses of Chinatown to run. *He says that in the first place he does not
CHIEF WITTMAN DENIES \ believe Ellis so testified before the Grand Jury, as reported, but adds that if he did he committed deliberate, unwarranted, rank
[perjury, and knew that he committed perjury, but for what purpose, the Chief concluded, he is unable at this time to determine.
MANAGER
DISAPPEARS
WITH COIN
Boxer Nelson Reports
His Loss to the
Police.
"Ted" Murpby Leaves Town
With $10,000 ol the
Dane's Earnings.
His Disappearance May Be a More
to Wean Battler From
"Billy" Pierci
j. eddy" Murpy. manager of Bat
tling Nelson, the fighter, suddenly
dropped out of Eight last night tor a
time, and Nelson was much worried
over his disappearance. Nelson notified
the police last night that Murphy had
110,000 cf his money and that he feared
the manager* had a6sco1i2ed*witb <; ~hla
gold../. ; . ;Jw. :
Nelson's suspicions -were aroused
he dropped into Corbett's saloon
and found a letter left there by his
manager. This letter announced that
Murphy had left town on account of
sudden illness and it told Nelson not
to worry, as he would hear from bis
manager la a Jew days, adding that
Nelsons money, which Murphy had.
would be all right. .With the letter
were inclosed a hundred dollar bill and
a ticket to carry Nelson to Chicago.
As soon as Nelson read the note he
became suspicious and notified Captain
Burnett of the detective bureau regard
ing the sudden disappearance of his
manager. He said that his sparring
partr.er, Eddy Santry, was to leave for
Chicago last night on the Santa Fe
overland, which left Point Richmond at
S:55. and that he believed Murphy was
on the same train. Captain Burnett at
once wired the stations along the line
where the train would stop to arrest
Murphy if he was on the train.
Nelson said that Murphy had the
fighters share of the purse from the
recent Cght and he was also taking
care of money which Nelson won on
other fights in this city.
Murphy has been Nelson's manager
since he began fighting three years
ago. Nelson made but little money as
a boxer ur.til he cair.e here several
months ago. Since then he has made
about $15,000. Murphy's contract as
manager called for 25 per cent of the
winnings of his charge. Since the
Cght with Britt Murphy has tried to
get Nelson to sign a contract to give
him 25 per cent, but Nelson refused to
accede to his proposal.
There have been many rumors that
Nelson intended to get a new manager.
"Billy" Pierce, a Boston sporting writ
er, was mentioned as anxious to look
after the affairs of the Battling Dane.
It was at first thought last night that
Murphy, fearing that Nelson intended
to turn him down and get a new man
ager, had decided to protect himself by
taking the money. Later on it was gen
erally agreed by the sporting men who
understand the attempts that have
been made to separate Nelson from his
manager that Murphy's disappearance
was merely a move to get Nelson away
from Fan Francisco and the persuasive
arguments of Pierce and his friends.
At an early hour this morning Cap
tain Burnett received a telegram in
forming him that Murphy and Santry
had been taken from the Santa Fe
train at Stockton. Murphy will be.
brought back to the city at once, if
Nelson swears out a warrant charging
him with embezzlement. He has been
directed by Captain Burnett to be at the
Hall of Justice at 9 a. m. to-day If he
desires Murphy brought back.
3IURPHY IS ARRESTED.
STOCKTON. Dec. 22.— Ted Mur
phy and Eddie Santry were taken
from the Santa Fe. train here by the
police at midnight and are now In
jail, held for the San Francisco po
lice- Only $250 was found on Murphy
when searched. Santry had only a few
cents. They were greatly surprised
and said that Nelson bade them good
by at the depot and knew they were
going to leave San Francisco; that
they had not had his money and that
he knew it was at Corbett's subject
to his order.
Harry Corbett could not be located
last night to verify Murphy's state
ment. ; ~3BnMSttHBHH^^HH
The San Francisco Call.
GRAND JURY MAY
UNCOVER A SCANDAL
IN POLICE CIRCLES
Sensational Developments Are
Expected Soon.
Men Prominent in the Department
Will Be Called Upon to Explain
Some Grave Charges.
CHIEF WITTMAN DENIES CHARGE.
Office Chief of Police,
SAX FRANCISCO, Dec 22, 1904.
To the Honorable Grand Jury of the City and County
of San Francisco— Gentlemen:' In the Evening Bulletin of
this date appears an article to the effect that Sergeant Ellis
of the regular police' force of this city had made a state
ment before a committee of your honorable body to the
effect that I had ordered him to allow gambling to go on in
Chinatown; hi other words "to be easy on the Chinese gam
biers,** he being specially detailed in the Chinese quarter for
the purpose of suppressing gambling there.
This statement, If made by Sergeant Ellis as stated In
the Bulletin, docs me a gross Injustice and is not true In
any particular, and I ask your honorable body to set a time
when I can "appearebcrorc^ybtraad give me. theTprivllege *of
giving my testimony that I may refute this unwarranted
charge if such has been made. Most respectfully,
GEORGE W. WITTMAX, Chief of Police.
There was promise yesterday afternoon of a scandal that would force
not only the policemen whose beats are the tenderloin district and China
town to come before the Grand Jury to answer charges that would be pre
ferred by Sergeant Thomas Ellis, who has been accused by Police Commis
sioner Hutton of having divulged certain plans for raids on the Chinese gam
blers, but that Chief "Wittman himself would have to explain to that tribunal
why Ellis was told to "overlook" corruption and let the lawbreakers alone.
Elite, was summoned before the Grand Jury last evening, and after per
sistent questioning he was unable, or unwilling, to give any information
that would in anyway tend to incriminate Chief "Wittman. In fact, he prac
tically said that the report that he had confessed was merely the result of
"gossip" and that he had not made any statement that, would tend to throw
discredit upon the police force, except, perhaps. In defending his reputation
he may have declared that he was not any more guilty than any other mem
ber of the police force. In matters appertaining to his duties in Chinatown,
he said, he was "always subject to orders." In this he simply meant that
he did as he was told to do and asked no questions, giving little attention
to the rumors that "graft" existed — only trying to prevent it as far as It was
possible for him to do so.
But Sergeant Ellis does not intend to be made a scapegoat by either
a Police Commissioner or a superior officer. If any one is to blame for
the troubles in Chinatown the sergeant wants it passed up to the offender,
and not placed upon his shoulders. He declared that he was Innocent of the
spreading of news of the intended raid by Hutton, and that it was evident
that some one was trying to make political capital of a condition that has
been supposed to exist for years,, but which has only been brought into
public prominence spasmodically.
ELLIS DENIES ATTACK OX CHIEF.
Ellis denied that he gave evidence that Implicated Chief Wittman to
any newspaper representative. He said that he had been frequently ap
proached by newspaper men. but had never given them a statement that
could be construed as a "confession." H*» was only anxious to protect him
self and avoid being heralded as a receiver of bribes, and the trend of his
defense seems to have been that he will go into history further back than
this year if he is accused by persons that are not above suspicion themselves.
District Attorney Byington and Grand Juryman Edward Bowes were
with Ellis during the early part of the evening. The trio held a conferecne
In the rear room of the Good Fellows' Grotto for nearly an hour, and when
Ellis came out he 1 accompanied Bowes down the street and boarded a Mar
ket-street car for a trip to the Hall of Justice. Ellis professed Ignorance of
the purport of a story published in an evening newspaper, and said that he
had not given any Information that could be used by the press with any de
gree of accuracy as to his relations with the Police Department scandal.
"If I talked to a reporter I did not know it." he added, "and I am sure
that I said nothing to any one who was not known to me as a Grand
Juryman." ,^
"My only aim in this matter is self-defense," he added. "I am not look
ing for any more trouble than I have already on my hands. I am in a
peculiar position as regards this investigation and it would be unwise for
me to say anything that would make enemies for me or Jeopardize the
friendships I have among department chiefs."
The Grand Jory was in session for three hours In the' Mills building, and
Ellis was frequently called. There are several rooms in the quarters, and
during the intervening, testimony offered by Policemen Heinz, Doran and
several minor witnesses the sergeant was requested to retire to one of the
ante-chambers.
He did not have opportunity to hear what was said of the exacting of
tribute from the Chinese and the fallen women of the tenderloin. Heinz is
said to have given testimony that shows that certain assessments were
levied in Hinckley alley and other notorious quarters, but if he did the ma
jority of the Grand Jurymen are not willing to acknowledge that they
have received any such statement.
BYIXGTON SITS WITH GRAM) JURY.
District Attorney Lewis Byington was with the Grand Jury during
their 'session. "I was only there In an advisory capacity." said Byington,
"and I can not-tell you whether or not Ellis made statements that incrimi
nate Chief Wittman or any one else. Part of the time I was with the Jury
Ellis was In another room."
•This is a matter that requires secrecy. To divulge the plans of the
Jury would be to defeat justice— that is if the case looks serious enough to
involve a point where Justice is to be summoned as an arbiter. There Is noth
ing that can be given out by me until I have made a more thorough Investi
gation."
Sergeant Ellis has not been on regular duty at the Harbor Police Sta
tion, to which he has been assigned since the trouble with; Commissioner
Hutton,' for ten days. He has been marked off the books as . on "special"
work, and the supposition is that he has been in frequent conference with the
foreman and members of the Grand Jury for a large part of that time. He
has been Instructed not to divulge any of the plans of the jury, and not
to affirm or deny any of the statements attributed to him by the press. . •
Continued on Page 2. Columns 3 and 4.
SAN FRANCISCO; FRIDAY, DECEMBER .23. 1904.
DEDUCES
STATEMENT
AS PERJURY
Wittman Denies He
■ . Ordered Gamblers ■ ■
Protected.
Chief of Police Wittman was greatly
surprised when Informed that '"■ It had
been reported that Sergeant Ellis had
confessed that he had allowed gambling
to continue In Chinatown under secret
orders from his superior, Wittman. ,
"I do not believe In the first place
that Ellis ever made such a statement,"
said the Chief, "because I believe him
to be an honest .man. I do not believe
it possible that he made such a state
ment, and I must wait for better evi
dence before I will believe he made It;
but if he did there Is only one thing
I can say. and that is that he com
mitted deliberate, unwarranted, rank
perjury. If he made such a statement
as that, he knew when he made it that
he perjured himself and that he has
never received any order from me other
than to stop gambling in his district
and to be; relentless in the prosecution
of his duties.
"When Sergeant Ellis was put In
charge of the Chinatown squad I called
him and the members . of the squad
before me and told them in plain words
that a difficult duty confronted them,
but that it must be performed and that
they must prevent gambling among the
Chinese. Sergeant «Ellls Informed me
that he would see to It that my orders
were obeyed to the letter. •
"During his work In Chinatown I had
frequent conversations with }. him : re
garding conditions in his district, and
he generally Informed me that he was
succeeding In carrying out my orders.
On one or two occasions he - told me
that 'he thought perhaps some of the
Chinese^were stealing a game now and
then.-but whenever he heard of It ' he
had always managed : to suppress - the
game.* I told him to be on bis guard;
to watch i his men .closely and see j that
they did not 'throw.; him down,' and he
said he was,' confident?, all of . his j men
were doing the best- they, could and that
his work in the quarter would
be found satisfactory.BSwSJi^fefe
Continued on Page 2, : Column 5.
I THREE OFFICERS WHOSE NAMES FIGURE PROMINENTLY. IN THE DEVEL- |
OPMEXT OF THE INVESTIGATION NOW BEING CONDUCTED BY THE
, GRAND JURY INTO THE AFFAIRS OF THE POLICE DEPARTMENT. !
CANNOT ESCAPE
CRIES OF DYING
Telegraph Operator Whose
Error Caused -Fatal Wreck
Eecomes Insane Wanderer
Special Dispatch to The Call
CHEYENNE, Wyo.; Dec 22.— An un
known man who Is believed to be Op
erator James Miller, whose error In
copying a train order had much to do
withjcausing the awful head-on col-*
lision at Azusa last month, as a result
of which twelve people lost their lives,
has been seen in the vicinity of Opal,
In' Western Wyoming. He 13 Insane
and wanders over the hills, appearing
at ranches occasionally for food.
fellow- has. been . heard raving
about train orders, depots, trains and
wrecks, and says that he can hear the
cries of the dying. All efforts to cap
ture the Insane man have failed. The
authorities of Unita. County will send
out a posse to effect his capture.
Ranchmen who have seen the lunatic
say he answers the description of Op-^
erator Miller. He disappeared from
Granger on the night of the awful
wreck and has not been heard from
since. •
UPRISING OF PULAJAXES
OX THE ISLAND OF SAMAR
Lieutenant and Thirty-Seven Xative
Scouts Are Ambushed and Put
to Death.
MANILA. Dec. 23.— The Pulajanes
have ambushed and killed at Dolores,
on the Island of Samar, a lieutenant
and ' thirty-seven ; enlisted men of the
Thirty-eighth , Company of Native
Scouts. Two thousand Pulajanes, It Is
reported, threaten the. town of Dolores
and the situation is said to be critical.
Lieutenant; Abbott, in command of the
scouts, ' has requested that aid be sent
him. y-
THE ! THEATERS.
AI/1AZAR— "Pfrftcefnl YaHey."
CALWORX1A— "Sis Hapklas."
COLUMBIA— 'Th» BUllonalr*."
CEXTRAL-'Two Little TVaUa."
CHVTES^-V»uaerlll«. MatJr.ee t»-<Iay.
FISCHER'S— VaudevilU. Matlne* to
day. ....... .-'..,.._ .....
GRAND— "In Dahomey."
MAJESTIC— "Jim Bludao."
ORPHEUM— Vanderllie.
TIVOLJ— "Klcs Dodo."
ANCIENT BLUE
LAW REVIVED
Wealthy Xew Jersey Woman
; Is Indicted as a "Common
Scold" by a Grand Jury
Soedal DJsnatch to Tl« Call.
, NEW YORK. Dec. 22. — Accused of
being a "common scold," Mrs. Char
lotte P. Wood, aged 52. of Jersey
City, was indicted to-day by the Hud
son County Grand Jury.
For six years Mrs. Wood, who, is a
childless widow, and who owns con
siderable property, has appeared in
courts every few weeks, sometimes as
complainant and at other times aa
defendant. Learning of Mrs. Wood's
aversion to mischievous children, the
boysand girls who live In her neigh
borhood made' it 'their business to an
noy her at every opportunity, and she
has pursued them and cuffed their
ears.
When the" Grand Jury received the
complaint of Richard Austin, who al
leged that Mrs. Wood had abused his
son. she was indicted. for beinsr a
"common scold" under the old "blue
law." V
TWEXTY-SEVEX PERSONS
OVERPOWERED BY GAS
JIany Women and Children Brought
Close to Death by a Leaky
. ' Furnace.
PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 22.—Twen
ty-seven persons, most of them women
and children, were overcome by coal
gas in - a crowded tenement house at
S15 Monroe , street, in the foreign set
tlement of this city, early this morn-
Ing. Twelve of them .were in such a
serious condition that they had . to be
taken to a hospital, but It Is believed
they will recover. , :
'The.Iower part of the tenement was
occupied by a Turkish . bath establish
ment and the gas escaped from a large
furnace used in . the : baths.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
FIRM STAND
IS ASSUMED
BY SCHMITZ
Wants Proof, Tlren
HeWillActWitH
out Favor.
: Mayor Schmitz has taken a firm
stand regarding the developments in
the Chinatown scandal, one that prom
ises to Insure justice to all concerned
in the case.
"I say, as I have said before." said
the Mayor, "that I want this case in
vestigated to the end. I want this in
vestigation also to develop proof of
wrongdoing on the part of men la the
department before I will consent to see
them suffer. It is easy to charge men.
but it is harder to undo a wrong done
any man than It is to avoid doing him
that wrong.
"I will say now that I want this in
vestigation to proceed, and if any man
is proved guilty. Chief cf Police Witt
man. Sergeant Ellis or any patrolman.
I will be the first to ask the commis
sion to dismiss him from the force.
But if proof is not forthcoming as to
the guilt of any man charged with cor
ruption In this or any other case, I will
give him my support even if the whole
world is against him. I do not believe
in condemning men lightly. Deduc
tions are easy, but It Is proof that I
want. Let the proof be furnished. One
man's word against that of another Is
not proof.
"If Chief of Police Wittman Is guilty.
as it is charged he Is, the fact can be
established, and If a charge of corrup
tion asalnst him or any other man
can be established I shall ask his dis
missal. But I shall not fend my aid In
an effort to depose any man until it Is
proved beyond a doubt that he should
be deposed, and that the charges are
true. This has always, been my. stand
and will continue to be. in. the future."
INTERVIEWS THE SQUAD.
Patrolmen Who Were Under Ellis
Appear Before Chief.
The men who served In Chinatown
under Sergeant Ellis were summoned
before Chief Wittman and Captain
Continued on Page 2, Column «.2
STRONG DENIALS are made to assertions credited to sergeant
ELLIS, WHO STANDS CHARGED WITH NEGLECT OF DUTY
RUEF'S TALK
WITH ELLIS
IS TWISTED
Attorney Tells of Con
versation and Is
Corroborated.
Sergeant Approached Him
and Expressed Hope
He Would Escape.
Attorney A. Ruef denies positively
that he ever apprcached Sergeant El-
XIs during: the hearing by the Police
Commission and said to him, "I don't
*ant anybody to get hurt."
"The facts regarding the conversa
tion that look place between Sergeant
Ellis and myself, from which it is ap
parent be warps out this statement,
are these," said Mr. Ruef. "Three or
four days after the investigation began
1 was standing in the corridor of the
Hall of Justice talking with Civil
Service Commissioner Rogers and the
representative of a morning paper. A
man approached me. passed a greeting
of Fnme kind and Joined the group.
*• *Dor."t you know this man?' said
th<= newsraper man. 'This is Police
B^rg^ant Ellis. Permit me to intro
duce you.' I shook hands with Ser
jeant Ellis, and then he said to me:
'* "Mr. Ruef. I hope I am not going to
Cft hurt In connection with this mat
ter. I have done the bpst I could and
2 do not think they should make me a
ecapp goat. The administration don't
vant my scalp. Do you think 1 am
going to get hurt?'
" 'Wrll.' 1 answered, 'if they have
no more proof apainst you than they
have against Mayor Schmitz. Commis
ekinerB Reagan and Drinkhouse and
myself, whom they have . openly
charged, 1 do not think any one is go
ing to get hurt. There Is no proof that
any one took any money, and the
Wont rharce they Could make against
you was Incompetency for falling.-If
you did fail, to stop gambling. If you
hav» done no*wrong you do not need to
"worry, but if you have you. will get
hurt if it can be proved.* .•"- •'. ) -T*
"This is the sum and 3ubstance of
our conversation. . J never met the man
before in my life to my knowledge and
th«» statement that I «aid to him, 'I
don't want any one to get hurt,' is ab-
Bolutely false."
Civil Service Commissioner Rogers
and the newspaper man, who over
lu&rd the conversation, which took
pla.ee in their . presence, corroborate
Mr. Ruef in every detail.
miiuU bv -a Minion-Street Car.
While crossing Mission street last
niRht David Broida was struck by a
car and badly injured.* Broida was In
an apparently intoxicated
The motorman rang the car bell, but
Broida did not pay any attention. The
car struck him and knocked him sev
eral feet to the side. He was taken
to the Central Emergency Hospital,
where it was found that he had a
fracturefl Ekull. ' • i-?>
Ttierc I« Always Something New
In the tints and shapes of our pretty
boxes of writing paper. We have just re
ceived «ome new shipments that are far
prettier than have come out before, -but
the prices arc not a bit higher. Sanborn.
Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. \
REKTSES TO RELEASE STEFFENS.—
The Buircm* Court hat ' rcf-jissd to ordor
.Aoolph fcuff'--iuf release from the County Jail.
The prisoner i« charged with the coramlaMcn
t«f frauds at th« las=t primary' election. Ills
lawyer!" ciaim that the primary election law
li> -.means'. iiutiofia! and that therefore Fteffen*
csnnoi tje prosecuted for ntufflr.fr tht ballot
ADVEKTISH>LENTS.
(Chas.S*eittt0 &> (To.
E x c t u s i v c
JRigh-Oiraae (Ctothicrs
No Branch Sure* ar.d Ko Agepts.
THERE ARE NO BETTER
AND MORE EXCLUSIVE
CLOTHES THAN WE OFFER.
THE CLASS OF TAILORING
OUR MODELS CONTAIN
UNQUESTIONABLY
DEFY THE BEST TAILORS.
W* now ito«
sprint model**
of top coat»
I tor n ( a • t e « ii
hundred and O v «. .
- .. .
tie arnijftrcet
i^hurtpiu JBtock
COMMISSION
CHEATED OF
A WITNESS
Meets to Examine Ser
geant, but He Does
Not Appear.
Detective Department Ad
mits Its Inability to
Locate Him,
Shortly after the fact that Ellis wae
in the hands of the Grand Jury be
came public Mayor Schmitz was noti
fied that the. assertion had been made
tnat the sergeant had confessed that
corruption jexlsted In Chinatown, and
that Chief of Police Wittman was di
rectly responsible for the condition.
Mayor Schinitz immediately communi
cated with the secretary of the Police
Commission and informed him that it
was his, the Mayor's, desire that the
commission meet immediately, call Ellis
before it and continue the investiga
tion begun some weeks ago and get at
the facts, if possible.
Chief of Police Wittman was notified
that. his presence at the meeting was
desired, and he was requested to order
the attendance of Ellis, Ellis, however,
was not at the Harbor station, to
which he is attached, and Chief Witt
man Instructed Captain .of Detectives
Burnett ard Chief Clerk Norman to de
tail as many men as they could spare
to locate the much-wanted sergeant.
COMMISSIONERS GATHER.
Promptly at 7:30 o'clock Cpmmisslon
ers Drinkhouse, Howell and Reagan ar
rived at the commission rooms. Word
from Hutton was ro the effect that he
misrht be present at the meeting, but
could not say positively.] However,
Hutton put in "an appearance shortly
after this announcement was made. He
was not. enthusiastic regarding the idea
of the commission proceeding with the
examination of Ellis, in view of the
fact that EU5s was occupying the deli
cate position of:, witness before the
Grand Jury- '•■•*'•. •
"We will all be up for contempt if wo
attempt to. examine Ellis regarding his
alleged confession,";- said Hutton. '.'and
1 do not think this is the proper time to
take tuib up.f,. ,. V
-,. "But," interjected Howell, . "w« need
not tread' on. dangerous ground.. All. we
w.nnt to determine, is whether he has
testifkd before the .Grand Jury or not.
Wh?n we determine this question we
can stop, if we are so advised."
KL.IJS IS MISSING.
At this point in' the dialogue Chief
Wittman entered the commission
chamber, and said that he had been in
formed that Ellis could not be found.
Inquiry at the Grand Jury rooms had
elicited the information that he was
not tlit-re. and the detective department
had admitted its inability to locate him
in the 'limited time remaining.
"Well, we will wait until 8:30 o'clock."
eaid Drinkhouse, "and If he falls to put
in an appearance by that time there Is
but one thin* to do and that is to take
a conCinuance until 'to-morrow- after
noon, when we meet to consider other
matters."
The hour of 6:30 arrived and Ellis
was etill among- the" "absent. Drink
house's statement had been taken for
granted, and the. Commissioners with
out formal actlon.filed.oiit of the room.
None of the Commissioners had any
thing to say regarding the sudden de
velopment in the Chinatown scandal.
AH they could do, they said, was to,con
tinue the investigation to a finality,
which they purpdsed' doing when 'they
could get the proper witnesses 'before
them. ; " ■ » - . '.-•'
BYIXGTOX TS NON-COMMITTAL.
District Attorney Refuses to Discus
Ellis' Charges Against Wittman.
District Attorney/ Byington had
nothing to say about the case except
ing that he -attended -the meeting of
the committee of the Grand Jury as
its legal adviser. He' said that 'Ellis
was there during the session last
evening, but regarding what Ellis
told the committee . Byington had
nothing to say. The Grand Jury, he
said, would convene again to-morrow
afternoon and he would be present at
that Session. He knew nothing re
garding any communication that
would come from Chief Wittman in
regard to the Ellis charges. He added
that he had not read ihe statement of
Ellis published in an evening paper.
DKTECTIVE DINAN EXPLAINS.
Advises Ellis and Then His Words Are
Warped to Suit 'the Sergeant.
Detective Sergeant Dinan : explained
last nicht his use of the expression,
"Stand pat," to Sergeant Eliis.
"Why, yes, I used those words,"
said Dinan. "but not in the sense in
which it was reported I did.
"I met Ellis three days ago, I think.
He told me that he had been mis
quoted injthat paper and seemed very
much ' disturbed . about it. I said:
•Tommy, the best thing to do is to
say nothing to anybody. Just stand
pat Don't talk to the newspapers at
all, and then they can't print things
that you didn't say.'
"No, I did not have any hint' that
this thing was coming, on*. 'I was the
most surprised man in the World when
I heard of it, and found that my name
was mentioned in the case. Ellis and
I have always "have' been .'good 'friends.
He , was well liked about the hall."
1 WANTS BREWERY. HECOnDS.^- Joseph F
Coflfflj-. one. of the new. director* uf.the..Columi
bia Brewing Company, who applied". to the
ccurt- for -an- oider, ousting th* old board,
ye«terday applied ■ fnr r -writ- of- mandate to
compel Martin. H. Ulrichs,' fhe* former secre
tary, to deliver the book* • and - records held
by him . ■ ■ .
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1904.
GRAND JURY MAY
UNCOVER A SCANDAL
Continued From Page I, Columns 2 and S.
When the police committee convened in the evening there were five police
men pacing the corridor waiting to be called to testify. They were William
Doran, Henry M. Heinz, R. R. O'Brien Charles E. Munn and Gilbert P. Chase.
All but Chase are among those against whom charges . of neglect of d,uty
were preferred by Commissioner Hutton. O'Brien was on the grill for a
long time, but it is said that the most satisfactory witness*, was Heinz. One
report has It that he gave the committee some good points for their future
investigation.
Every effort was made to preserve secrecy, and a policeman was on
duty to prevent strollers from going too near the Grand Jury rooms. Ser
geant Ellis was concealed most erf the evening in the witness-room. He
remained for some time after the Grand Jurors had departed in the hope
that the newspaper men would be gone and that he could escape them.
Those who waited had small reward for their patience, for Ellis refused
positively to say a word.
Foreman Andrews refused to deny or affirm the l-eport that Ellis had
made a confession or any statement implicating himself or any others In
wrongdoing in Chinatown. He declared that a large part of that which had
reached public print was ludicrous. The committee would have no report to
make at the session of the Grand Jury this afternoon further than that prog
ress was being made.
WANTS TO WITHDRAW
FROM OFFICIAL BONDS
Company Asks t o Be Relieved as
Sureties for Commissioners
Schinitz and Maestretti.
The United States Fidelity Com
pany yesterday filed notice upon Aud
itor Baehr* of its desire to withdraw
as surety upon the official bonds of
Herbert L. SehmitSK and Frank A.
Maestretti. Commissioners of Public
Works. The notice states that its
reason for its desire to withdraw from
the bonds is that it fears it will sus
tain loss if it remains longer thereon.
The bondsare for 525,000 each.
Auditor Baehr is in doubt as to
whether the company may withdraw
from the bonds and has submitted the
point to his attorney, William H.
Cobb, for an opinion. Should the
withdrawal be legal it will be neces
sary for Schmits and Maestretti to file
new bonds. •'■
' "I understand," said Schmitz. "that
the reason the company Wants to
withdraw from our bonds is that the
Superior Court has decided that we
as Commissioners are individually li
able for the city's responsibility re
garding defective streets and side
walks. The surety company believes
the risk to be great in view of the
judgments that might be obtained
against us on that rulinsr."
Commissioner Casey, whose official
bond was declared unsatisfactory by
the Finance Committee last month,
has not yet filed a new bond and will
proba"»Jy not do so since he is short
ly to retire from public office.
WOMAN AND ACCOMPLICE
CHARGED WITH ROBBERY
Annie Beck and Henry Huntsman Are
Arrested on the Complaint of
H. T. Berg, Expressman.
Anrye Beck and Henry Huntsman
were arrested yesterday morning by
Detective Matheson and locked up in"
the City Prison on a charge of rob
bery. The complaining witness
against them is H. T. Berg, an old ex
pressman, who had been in the habit
of visiting -the -woman at her rooms.
519 Montgomery street. A few nights
ago she asked him to give her $25 as
a Christmas present. He refused. On
"Wednesday night he relented and
called upon the woman with the $25 %
in his pocket and $50 besides. When
she saw/ him she at once began to
abuse him for the meanness, and, sud
denly Huntsman, who was in an ad
joining room, came in. Huntsman and
the woman. Berg alleges, attacked
him, and, after taking the $75 from
him, threw him out. J/.;
Berg met Detective Matheson at the
ferry yesterday morning and told him
or the alleged robbery. He accom
panied Matheson to the woman's room
and found them preparing to take
their departure for Stockton. They
were promptly/ placed under arrest.
Matheson recovered $35 in gold, which
was booked as evidence. V. _ '
INDICTED MAN SHOOTS
AND KILLS A IiAWYER
-■ ■ • —■ ■■
Keeper of "Blind Tiger". Slays an At
torney and Escapes to the 1
Mountains.
HUNTINGTON, W. Va., Dec. 22.—
I. E. Christian, a leading corporation
lawyer, was shot and killed at Oceana
to-day by Ken Canterbury, who
"escaped to the mountains. A posse
is in pursuit. - Canterbury operated a
'"blind tiger" and was indicted through
Christian's efforts..
The Best Fountain Pens.
We are selling agents for "Waterman's
Ideal Fountain Pen," $2.60 up to $10.00
each, and sole agents for "The Marshall."
the best $1.00, fountain pen in the world.
Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Salted . Dec 22— Stmr Moltke,
for /Hpmburir, via Plymouth and Cherbourg;
ttmr Mongolian, for Glasgow; »tmr L.a Gas-
CGsrne. for Havre. . -
Arrived Dec 22— Stmr Deutschland. • from
Hamburg, via Uoyer anfl Cherbourg; «tmr
Victoria, from Liverpool.
Gt,ASGOAV — ArlrvedD«c 22 — Stmr Pomer
anian, from New- York.
NAPLES— Arrived Dee 22— Stmr nomanlc,
from Bo«ton. vlaPonta del Gada.
ST MICHAELS— Arrived Dee 22— Stmr Vln
censco Florlo, from Genoa and Naoles, for
New York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Dec 22— Stmr Oce
anic, from New York.
FREE FREE
PLUM PUDDINGS
MINCE MEAT.
: WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
ARMOUR
PACKING COMPANY'S
FAMOUS BRANDS.
Free -With Every Small- Ad ; in
Sunday ; Call: '^
See Small Ad Page for Further
Particulars.' "
LARGE BRIBERY
FUND REVEALED
New York Grand Jury Un
covers Alleged Scandal,
but Can Indict No One
NEW YORK, Dec. 22.— No evidence
warranting indictments In this county
was presented to the Grand Jury in
connection wfth the charge that a
bribery fund had been collected by the
Liquor Dealers' Association to influ
ence legislation at Albany, according to
a presentment handed In to-day.
The presentment described as "shock-
Ing" the facts discloeed by the evidence
and after asserting that it had been im
possible to return Indictments in this
country, requested that all the evidence
— 175 typewritten pages — be sent to the
Governor and to both branches of the
Legislature to do with it as they see fit.
The Grand Jury says it appears from
evidence submitted to it that the Li
quor Dealers' Association, which ex
tends throughout the State, from time
to time raises money from Its members
and applies it for political purposes. It
was shown that a large sum of money
was raised In this way during the pres
ent year and that it finally wai re
ceived by a committee known as the
legislation committee, which .went fre^
quently to Albany " while" the Legisla
ture was in session and took with it the
money in cash.
Continuing, the report of the jury
says that the evidence presented .to it
showed "that this legislation commit
tee allowed its disbursing officer to give
a considerable part of this money to
one of the State departments of this
State in seemingly an unlawful way;
that a large part of this money was,
by this legislation committee, expended
upon various members of the Assembly
and the Senate of the State of New
York and their friends, in appalling
and shocking ways, with the intention
of influencing such members in the dis
charge of their official duty as mem
bers of the Assembly or Senate."
After reading the report Judge Cow
ing said he would see to it that copies
would be forwarded to the Governor
and branches of the Legislature as re
quested,- with the request that they
take such action as the evidence war
rants.
The story that first reached Mr.
Jerome and started his investigation
was that a fund of $50,000 had been col
lected by the liquor dealers to influence
legislation at Albany.
PROBING INTO METHODS / V
OF STREET SUPERINTENDENT
City Attorney of Chico Believes
Brother Official Is Not Conducting
His Office Properly.
CHICO, Dec. 22:~A surprise was
sprung this evening at the investiga- ;
tion into the affairs of Superintendent
of. Streets J. McC- Stilson when the
three City Trustees— Canfleld, James
and Mayor Clark — were called to the
witness stand by the City Attorney.'
who is making the Investigation. They
were questioned regarding the con
struction of abutments for the bridge
at Little Chlco Creek, which cost more
than $500, while the law provides that"
bids must be called for on . contracts
for more than $100. It was stated
that the board authorized an expendi
ture of $100. • v.
The Investigation into the methods
of Stilson showed that he owned
gravel pits and sold gravel to the city.
Teamsters sent their bills into the city
for the number of loads of grav^T >
hnuled and the difference either way
above or below the regular wages,
$3 50, .was settled with Stilson. It
was brought out that Stilson made out
each bill to the city in the name of
the teamster, who swore to the bill.
TENANT AND LJQUOR
GO INTO THE STREET
Property Owner Experiences Religion
and No Longer Will Rent Build
ing to Saloon Man. t
COLFAX, Wash., Dec. 22.— Philip
Wilman, owner of the block in which
the Star saloon, considered one of the
most notorious; resorts in the Palouse
country, is located, has experienced re
ligion and yesterday threw his tenant,
C. H. Coryell, rail '.the -liquor '.and other
paraphernalia into the^ street.
W'llman declares that he never: will
allow another of his buildings to be
used for saloon purposes. The Star is
the oldest saloon in. the county and- is
known as the '/slaughter house," owing
to the many murders and suicides that
have been committed there.
Headaches From Colds.
■ l^AXATI VE BROMO QUININE remove* ■ th«
caute." To set the genuine, call for full name
ar.d look tor signature of E. W. Grove.' 25c. *
FIRM STAND
IS ASSUMED
I SC11
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
Burnett. They were asked if they had
ever received orders from Sergeant
Ellis to permit gambling to run un
molested.. -All the men replied that
they had not received any instructions
of that sort.
The patrolmen are: R. R. O'Brien,
Charles E. Munn, Henry T. McGrath,
William Do ran and Henry Heinz. All
these men declared to the Chief and
the . Captain of Detectives that the
squad attempted to^carry out its or
ders to the best of its ability. Not one
of the ' patrolmen knew anything of
graft or rumors of graft. Sergeant
Ellis did not appear at the Chief's
office. ■ .-
Police. Are Looking: for Moore.
The police are looking for Charles
Moore of 1608 Devisadefo street, who
is accused of interfering with a pa
trolman. — '= On Wednesday evening
Moore engaged in a fight with Police
man Sawyer. Sawyer struck Moore
over the head with his revolver. After
Moore was subdued he was taken to
the Central Emergency Hospital to be
treated for a lacerated scalp. The
policeman who brought him to the
hospital failed to make a charge
against Moore and when the police
Avent to the hospital for him they
found that he had been dismissed.
'.' \ i£%*| ■ pill .The .use of printers' ink to state a value
f££0mfe r ~ ** '. ' v . M is open to every clothing merchant in this
V^^8KS#WSiSS town. The newspapers right now are full
i^^^.'lS^^^SiS^^^ Every mother is confronted with the
\\$Pj iff^SBKS^P^ question, "Where will I buy my boy his
X: -^ WmwBm To her we most emphatically say that
'^''''Wm mm we back U P ever - v °. ne of our statements
m8r mm witn the mercnandise - Our values are
mB <!li w ' ia * we s^ e *h em to be.
Wsj lm The mother who comes here to buy one
m bL- :: -' !! - °^ tnese overcoa ts will find that the gar-
B ments are reduced from their former prices
JB.^- —and that the garments are worth now
J||p sketch* fwijf*. just what they sold for originally.
tS§Jf But she has recourse in money back If
she is not pleased in every way.
The top coats which we picture comprise
three grades which sold formerly for 87. JO,
$6.00 and $5.00. As a few sizes were sold in iSPIiPi}
some of the lines we took all of the remain- WtjP^?
ing garments in ages 9 to 13 years and put a "'J^'^L
sale price on them— namely, $3.35. -
We did this for this reason — to induce
mothers to visit the store and see what a W&i0^^S^^
large department we have devoted to juvenile lil®iSai^P^S (
clothing, furnishings and caps. -' :**3 ' > • "'^"^lis&SI
Why not save $2 to $4 now, at Christmas i^^p^feiSS^^^^
time, when, money can be put to so many I^^SP^fflS^^^^
Even though the store is busy these days,
we have sufficient salesmen to wait on all
customers promptly. In addition to the good * '+:$'■•' ";' ;
merchandise offered, the store service' you •/..-.; '■'■' . ■ Jflpflf
get here makes this a convenient place in / '"^^^i^^M*
which to buy your needs in boys' and men's iBffiOS^iiffl.
Pocket* Knives Free Hi
We give a good steel pocket knife free with a
purchase of a boy's suit or overco it. The knife «i\
has'a chain attached to I utton on the trousers. i$k f*k
Santa Claus gives candy free to children accom- J^Mr'^'' tS^' "
panied by adults, up to and including Christm .s 0^^ r " y&r
: Af AIL ORDERS &HTI- MAIL ORDERS
.\ , HILLED ... *■ • — +J \^"^ RILLED \>"'x
•'■'-.."'■'.-,''-.;.■"■■". "'".'." . ' ' ,'■•.■■ T40 Market Street . ' . ,..'.; ...:..'; / '.', ' " ' '■•
WITTM AN DENOUNCES
STORY AS PERJURY
Continued From Page 1, Column 4.
"It was only as short a time ago as
11 o'clock this morning that I had a
conversation with him regarding his
work in Chinatown. Some 80 bench
warrants for the arrest of Chinese that
were implicated in the raid by Com
missioner Hutton of the place kept by
Chin Kim You were handed to me for
service. As Sergeant Ellis was in Chi
natown at the time of Hutton's raid,
and would be able to identify more of
the accused than any other man, I sent
him to serve these warrants.
"This morning I was informed that a
writ of certiorari had been issued by
Judge Slosf, that I had been summoned
for comtempt of court for seeking to
serve these warrants, and in addition
sued for $25,000 damages, and I called
Ellis in and told, him to turn in the
warrants and to serve no more of them
until the contempt proceedings had
been disposed of. This was at 11
o'clock this forenoon, and while Ellis
was in my room I questioned him fur
ther as to his work in Chinatown.
"I said to him: 'Ellis', Is it not possi
ble that some of your men deceived
you while you were in Chinatown and
failed to properly perform their duty,
perhaps for a consideration?'
" 'No, it is not possible," Ellis an
swered and continuing said: 'I did my
work as •well as any man could have
done it in Chinatown. The charge that
we permitted gambling to go uninter
rupted is not true. I know all of my
ADVERTISEMENTS.
men did their duty as I did. and that
the only gambling that occurred during
my time there was when some Chinese
would steal a game or two during our
absence from their quarter, while we
were engaged in suppressing other
games. I made many good hauls there
as the records will show. The charge
are false.'
. "This Is what he said to me. and yet
the report comes to me now that he has
confessed that he did permit gambling
to go on in Chinatown, and this under
secret orders from me. I repeat again
that I do not believe he made any such
statement, but if he did I repeat with
more vehemance that he committed de
liberate, unwarranted, rank perjury,
for what purpose I, of course, cannot
determine at this time.
"Ag our interview was drawing to a
close, I asked him if he had been served
with charges. He said. he had, and
showed them to me. I told him that
I hoped he could prove his Innocence,
but informed him that the charge
against him was a serious one, and I
advised him to get a good lawyer and
prepare his defense. He said he would
do so. The next I heard of Ellis was
when I was informed that he had testi
fied before the Grand Jury that he had
permitted gambling to" run In China
town because I had secretly ordered
him to. I need not reiterate my con
tention as to the truth of this «tate
ment. if It was made. 1 have done
that already and and in plain, unmis
takable words.""NAN" PATTERSON
JURY STILL OUT
Twelve Men Unable to Agree Upon
a Verdict After Many Hours
of Deliberation.
ACCUSED WOMAN A NERVOUS WRECK
For Second Degree 3Iurder One
For Second Degree Manslaughter Two
For Acquittal Nine.
NEW YORK, Dec 22.— The Jury in
the "Nan" Patterson case was locked
up at 11:26 o'clock to-night, not hav
ing reached a verdict At 11 o'clock
the announcement came from the Jury
room that no decision had been arrived
at. and immediately following It a
statement that Judge Davis would give
the jury another half hour before lock
ing it up.
The hope of a verdict was dispelled.
howe\'er, when & few minutes before
11:20 ojclock Captain Lynch of the
court squad said that 'it was all
of!" and the Jury would be locked up
for the night.
Miss Patterson heard the news in the
"pen" and it was so unexpected to her
that Ehe came near collapsing. It was
understood that the jury would con
tinue consideration of the case in the
email Jury room, containing only a
few tables and chairs, and the Jurors
-v.ill have no opportunity to sleep un
less they^can doze in the Email chairs.
As soon as the Jury was locked up
for the night. Miss Patterson bade her
father a tearful farewell and was es
corted from the "pen" in the court
building to her cell in the Tombs. The
girl, who showed such courage through
the lone trial, is almost a nervous
wreck. The great strength she form
erly evinced has failed and she repeat
edly exclaimed: "Oh. how can those
men doubt zny word."
NINE FOR ACQUITTAL.
There will be on opportunity of hear
ing from the Jury again until 10:30
o'clock to-morrow, the hour fixed by
the court for a report frexn the twelve
men who are to decide the fate of the
chorus sirl.
Immediately after the announcement
that the jury was locked for the night,
officers cleared the corridors of the
court building of scores of newspaper
men arid attornej'E, who had anxiously
awaited news from the jury- Mur
murs of disappointment "were heard
from the crowd, which seemed con
vinced that the Jury would never reach
a decision.
The latest rumor from the Jury room
«as that three men were holding out
against nine who desired to acquit the
litrfendant. It was reported that the
three Jurors were at odds as to the
seriousness of the crime. One Juror Ib
eajd xj be holding out for conviction
for murder in the second degree and
tv.o others are rei>orted to favor man
tlaughter ia the second* degree.
One rumor was so definite that it
named a Juror who had asked if he
might Srt a revolver at the man who
is holding out for the conviction of Miss
Patterson of murder in the second de
gree.
DISAGREEMENT EXPECTED.
Disappointed crowds in the streets
heard of the locking up of the jury for
the night and Joined in the wait of the
persons who had been privileged to
Ftand in the court building during the
deliberations of the jury. A few wo
men were in the crowd which stood in
White street and watched the windows
of the jury room until the announce
ment came that the twelve men must
spend the night in deliberation.
"That jury will never agree," was
the verdict of scores of men who fol-
U wed the Jury from the court build
ing to a neighboring cafe at 7:30 o'clock
for dinner. As they filed back Into the
Jury room after dinner there was si
lence throughout the great building
and gloom settled over the waiting
crowd.
As the hours dragged on and no re
port came from the Jury room the
crowds in the building and In the
street became impatient.
At one time a email company of men
in' the corridors broke into song. Miss
Patterson heard this sign of merriment
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Heat your
office at*
once
This weather causes pneu-
monia, grippe, colds, etc. If
your stenographer, book-
keeper or clerk gets sick, lays
off for one day, it loses more
money for you than a dozen
heaters cost. Then, too, how
about yourself? Isn't your
own health of some value ?
We can warm any office,
store or house quickly
and economically with
Phone Exchange 8 for
pur expert. Don't wait
to 'write. Quick action
our style.
the GAS HH!
i^i. v415/Ppsk.St,. .
and her nerves are said to have re
belled at the indication that any one
could be gay when a question of such
moment was under consideration.
NERVE-RACKING AFTERNOON.
Miss Patterson, after the Jury retired
at noon, spent the afternoon and even-
Ing between her cell in the Tombs and
what Is known as the "pen" on the
third floor of the court building* Most of
the afternoon was spent in the Tombs.
As she was led from the court after
the Jury retired she witnessed a mar
riage ceremony between two prisoners
and congratulated them. For a mo
ment her face brightened, as though
she had forgotten her own troubles,
but soon afterward resumed its look of
sad calm. While she was in the Tombs
this afternoon she opened numerous
telegrams and letters from relatives
and friends, congratulating her upon
her defense and expressing the hope
and wish that her freedom was near at
hand. One of the messages was from
her mother, who has not been able to
attend the trial. It is said she hoped
to have her daughter for Christmas.
This evening after her dinner she was
taken to the "pen," where she was
Joined by her father, who has been con
stant in his support of his daughter
since she was first accused of the crime,
and who has been her faithful ally and
companion every day in court. No one
else saw Miss Patterson during the
evening and the fact that she was
taken from the jail to the court indi
cated that she still expected a verdict,
notwithstanding that the jury had con
sumed hours in discussion without
reaching a finding. One of her counsel
was about the building this evening,
but did not see his client.
MOTHER'S PITIFUL MESSAGE.
The abiding faith of the young wom
an was shown shortly after 6 o'clock
to-night, when she expressed the opin
ion that the jury would acquit her.
"I almost feel sure I will leave here
to-night, for the Jury, I think, will not
stay out all night."
When she said this her face was tense
with nervousness and in her hand- was
the missive she had Just received from
her mother. It read:
Dear Nannie: We look for you to-morrow,
because father sent word that the Jury would
set you free and send you to roe to-nlffht. . I
dreamed la*t r.itht that you were with us
an In and it wae Christmas day. God grant
that the dream comes trae, Nannie, &ad I >flit
coon have my little girl, again.
DENTIST VALUES WIFE'S
AFFECTIONS AT $100,000
Sues Her Brother, a Bank President,
and Others for Damages, Al
leging Conspiracy.
COLUMBUS, O., Dec. 22.— James T.
McBride, a dentist of Jersey City, N. J..
brought suit to-day in the Court of
Common Pleas against J. W. Bannon.
president of the First National Bank
of Portsmouth; H. J. Bannon, an attor
ney: Percy Smith and William R.
Smith of the same place; Judge W. H.
Middleton of Scioto County, Warden C.
B. Gould of the Ohio Penitentiary and
N. S. Willard for $100,000 damages on
the charge of alleged conspiracy to de
prive the plaintiff of the love and af
fection of his wife, Lavinia Gould Mc-
Bride, sister of the warden.
The petition in itself is the story of
an interrupted romance commencing at
the time the husband was a student In
a dental college and his sweetheart a
student of Vassar College, Poughkeep
sie. N. Y. |
SEVEN MEN SUFFOCATED
IN A SOFT CLAY MINE
Smoke From Burning Building at
Mouth of Shaft Brings Death
to Workmen.
BOLJVAR, Pa., Dec. 22. — Seven men
were suffocated to-day in the No. 2
soft clay mine of the Reese-Hammond
Firebrick Company near here. The vic
tims were Austrians. There were about
twenty-five men In the mine and all but
eeven were rescued, though they were
all in bad condition and two /more are
likely to die.
A Email building, about sixteen by
twenty, burned at the mouth of the
mine. The airshaft from the working
to the surface some distance in the
mine acted as a sort of flue and drew
into the drift the heat and smoke from
the fire, thus suffocating the men,
whose escape was shut off by the fire
at the opening.
LAST OF CONSPIRACY
CASES IS DISMISSED
Proceedings Against Former LieglslaJ
tor, Who Was Indicted With Sen
ator Dietrich. Are Dropped.
OMAHA, Nebr., Dec. 22. — Judge
Munger in the United States District
Court to-day dismissed the last of the
conspiracy cases included in the in
dictment brought in connection with
the trial of United States Senator Diet
rich.' It was that; of* Elliott Lowe, a
former member of the Legislature,
who was charged with acting as Inter
mediary in the appointment of Jerry
P.« Billings to postmaster at Alma,
Xebr.
. The case was dismissed on motion of
District Attorney Baxter, who in
formed the court that the evidence
was Insufficient to warrant a*triaL
Retrial of Dreyfus Case.
PARIS. Dec 22.— It is unofficially re
ported that the. Attorney General, who
is examining the Dreyfus case, has de
cided to recommend a retrial before; a
court-niLrtiaL This, it is' added, is sub-;
Ject to the approval of . the Court of
Cassation, which meets In February
next. . .
PESHAWAR. Northern . India. Dec 22.—
Prince Inayau ITilah. fon cr ibe Ametr. of
Afg-hanUtan. has arrived her* on his way to
visit Lm& Ctxrxon, the Viceroy oX India.
THE SAN- FRANCISCO -CAtLv FRIDAY; DECEMBER 23, 1904:
ANALYSIS OF FULL RETURNS
OF THE LATE ELECTION
Republican Gains Enormous
Parker's Vote' 1,277/772 Less
Than That Gast for Bryan.
CHICAGO. Dec. 22. — The official
canvass of the votes cast on November
8 for Presidential electors was com
pleted to-day, when the result was an
nounced in Minnesota. Xorth Dakota
and Washington. The press therefore
is able to give the first table giving
the official vote of the forty-five States.
The total vote is 13.50S.496, against
12,968,574 in 1900 — a decrease of
460,078.
The ballots were divided as follows:
Roosevelt (Republican). 7.627,632;
Parker (Democrat), 5.080,054; Debs
(Socialist), 391,587; Swallow (Pro
hibitionist), 360,303; Watson (Peo
ples 1 ), 114,637; Corregan (Socialist-
Labor), 33.453; Holcomb (Continental-
Labor), S30.
Roosevelt received over all 1,746,
76E and over Parker 2,547,578. In
1900 McKinley had 467,046 more than
all the other candidates and 859,984
more than Bryan.
The vote for Roosevelt was 409,822
more than for McKinley. while that
for Parker was 1,277,772 less than for
Bryan.
McKinley polled more votes than
Roosevelt in Alabama, Georgia, Ken
tucky, Louisiana, Maine. Maryland,
Mississippi, New Hampshire, North
Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee,
Texas and Virginia. Roosevelt got
more than McKinley in the other thir
ty-two States.
Parker received more votes than
Bryan in Delaware, Georgia, Missis
sippi, New Jersey, New York, Rhode
Island, South Carolina and West Vir
ginia, while Bryan got more than Par
ker in the remaining thirty-seven
States.
ENORMOUS REPUBLICAN GAIN.
The Republicans made gains over
their vote in 1900 in thirty-two States
and the official figures show losses in
thirteen. The total grains of the Re
publicans vrere 732.048 and the total
losses 312,249: net grain, 419.799.
The Democrats polled more votes in
eight States than in 1900. but less in
thirty-seven. Their total gains were
State. | Roosevelt- 1 Parker. | Watson, j Swallow. | Debs.
Alabama 22,472 79,857 "l 5,051 ] 612 853
Arkansas 46,860 64,424 2,318( l 993 1,814
California 205,226 89,294 7.380 29,535
Colorado 134,687 100,105 824 3.438 4,304
Connecticut 111.809 72,909 495 1,056 4.403
Delaware 23,714 19,360 51 607 ' 146
Florida 8.314 27,046 1,605 5 2,337
Georgia 24,003 83,472 22,634 685 197
Idaho 47.583 18,480, 353 1,053 4,949
Illinois 632.645 327,606 6,725 37,740 - 69,225
Indiana ...: 369,289 274,345 ,.2.444 23,496 12,013
Iowa ......^ ... 307,907 149.141 -2,207 ,,yll,001. ,14,847
Kansas 210,873 84,800. 6,156 7,245 . 15,494
Kentucky .'.....' 205,277 217,170 2,511' 6,609 3,602
Louisiana 5,205 47,709 993
Maine 64,437 27,630 338 1.510 2,106
Maryland M09.497 ••109,446 1 3,834 2,247
Massachusetts ... 257,822 165,746 1,294 -4,279 13,591
Michigan 361,866 134,151 1,159 13,302 ■ 8,941
Minnesota ...... 216,651 55,187 2.10S 6,253 11,692
Mississippi 3,147 53.2S0 1,424 392
Missouri 321,447. 295.847 4,226 7,181 13,008
Montana 34,392 21,773 1.493 238 5,529
Nebraska 138.558 51,S76 20J508 6,323 7,412
Nevada :.. 6,867 3.982 <344 925
New Hampshire.. 54,149 33,905 83 749 1,090
New Jersey . 245,164 164.566 3,705 6,486v 9,587
New York 859,533 683.981 7,459 20,787 36,883
North Carolina. . 82,442 124.121 819 361 124
North Dakota 52,559 14,253 163 1,137 2,017
Ohio 600,096 344.674 1,392 19.339 36,260
Oregon 60,455 17,521 753 3,806 7,619
Pennsylvania ... 840.949 337,998 33,717 21,863
Rhode Island 41.605 24.839 . 768 956
South Carolina... 2,271 52,863 1 22
South Dakota.... 72.083 22,022 1,248 2,965 3,138
Tennessee 105,369 131,653 2.491 1,889 1,354
Texas 50.308 167.220 { 8,082 4,244 2.287
Utah 62.444 33,413 5.767
Vermont . v 46.682 9,777 ./.... 792 859
Virginia ..!..... 46,450 80.638 359 1,312 218
Washington 101,504 28,098 669 3,229 9,975
West Virginia... 132,608 100.850 639 4,604 1,574
Wisconsin 280,164 124,107 530 9,770 28.220
Wyoming .....:. 20,489 8,930 208 1,077
Totals...... 7,627,362 5,080,054 114,638 | 260,303 391^87
•One Republican elector.
TABLE OF GAINS AND LOSSES.
The following table shows the .gains
and losses of the two parties named,
In the different States, compared with
the vote of 1900:
Republican. Democratic.
STATE.
Gain. | L<oss. Gain. | L<oss.
Alabama I 33,162 16.516
Arkansas 2.060 16.708
California 40,471 35.691
Colorado 41.615 22.C2S
Connecticut 8.522 1.0S3
Delaware 1.185 602
Florida 8»5 1,214
Gtorgia 1.032 1.772
Idaho 20.685 10.934
Illinois 34.660. 175.455
Indiana - 33.22C 35,239
Iowa «» 67.021
Kansas 24.918.... 77,801
Kentucky 21,674 17.724
Louisiana 9.028 6.963
Maine 90S 9.192
Maryland 26.705 12,825
WANTS NO MAN PRESENT
WHEN' SHE IS BURIED
Novel Will of a Woman Disappointed
in Ix>ve Forty-Five
Years Ago. i
HILLSBORO, Ind., Dec. 22. — As the
result of a disappointment in love and
a determination never to recognize
men in any business or social relations,
Miss Sarah Jackson. living in the St.
Leon neighborhood, just north of this
place, has made her will and pro
vided that orily "women shall act in any
capacity In connection with her
funeral.
The will provides that the driver of
the hearse shall be a woman, the pall
bearers must be women and even those
who fill the grave after the coffin is
lowered must^be of the gentler sex.
Money is set apart to meet all neces
sary expense, but none of it" is to go
to men if women can be found who
will discharge the duties to be per
formed.
Miss Jackson met with a disappoint
ment In love f ortyrflve years ago, since
which time "she has never spoken to
&' man.
Christinas Fountain Pens.
We axe •selling, agents and sole agents
for the best fountain' pens in the world.
Priees, $L00..$2.00, $2.50. up, to.$7.50. Sat
isfaction <5r money - returned. : ' Sanborn,"
Vail & Co, 741 Market street. - . < •
30,792 and the total losses 1,291,491;
net loss, 1.260.699. .
Roosevelt carried 32 States, against
2S by McKinley, and has 336 electoral
votes under the .apportionment of 1900.
McKinley had 292 under the apportion
ment of 1SS0, there having been an ad
dition of 29 by the last apportionment.
Parker carried 13 States, against . 17
by Bryan, and has 140 electoral votes.
Bryan had 155 under the apportionment
in force in 19001
Watson received his largest - vote in
Georgia, the total of that State. 22,634.
with 20.50S in Nebraska, being nearly
one-third of his aggregate, 114,637.
The Prohibition vote in 1900 was
208.791; in November 2eo",3O3; a gain of
51.512.
SOCIALIST INCREASE.
Four years ago the Socialists had an
electoral ticket in thirty-two States
and polled 87,769 votes. This -year they
had a ticket in 45 States and the Debs
vote was 391,587. In 1900 more than
5000 votes were polled only in Califor
nia, Illinois, .Massachusetts, Missouri
and New York. .In November Debs got
more than 5000 in California, Illinois,
Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Massachusetts,
Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Mon
tana, Nebraska, New Jersey, New York,
Ohio, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Utah,
Washington and Wisconsin, the largest
number, 69,225 in Illinois.
The vote of the Socialist-Labor party
in 1900 was 39,944. This year it was
33,453— a loss of 6491 in these States:
Colorado 335, Connecticut 575, Illinois
4698, Indiana 1598, Kentucky 596, Mas
sachusetts 2359, Michigan 1012, Minne
sota 974, Missouri 1S75. New Jersey 26S0,
New York 9127. Ohio 2633. Pennsylvania
2211, Rhode Island 488, Texas 421, Vir
ginia 68, Washington 1592, Wisconsin
223.
The Continental-Labor party had ad
herents only in Illinois— really Chicago,
where 830 votes were polled.
OFFICIAL VOTE BY STATES.
The following table shows the official
vote in each State for the five principal
candidates:
•♦Highest Democratic elector.
Massachusetts . 18.056J 8.7471
Michigan 45.597 77.KW
Minnesota 26,190 57 714
Mississippi 2,606 1,574
Missouri ....... 7,356 ,46,075
Montana 9.010 ;..,. 15 373
Xebr*ska ie.723 62,137
Nevada 2,007 ' 2.394
New Hampshire C24 , 1.6S4
New Jersey.... 23,575 ' 242
New York 37.541 5,595
North Carolina ) 50. 635* 31.631
North I>akota.. 16,704 6,260
Ohio 56.17S 13O.2OS
Oregon 13,929 15,864
Pennsylvania .. 12S.2S4 88,234
Rhode Island... 7,821 5,027
South Carolina. 1.30? 5,430
South Dakota.. 17,547 17 542
Tennessee 15.S25 13.095
Texas 79,333 100,203'
Utah 15,305 li.MW
Vermont 4,114.. • 3,072
Virginia .-I 69,415 65,442
Washington ... 44.048 16.755
West Virginia.. 12.7C8 2,145
Wisconsin 14,2!>8 ... 35.178
•Wyoming ..... 5.972 j 1.363
Totals 732.04S{312.243j 3O.792|l,291,49l
ALASKA'S WHITE POPULATION
IS ESTIMATED AT 26,550
Governor of Territory Files Report
Containing Interesting Figures
and* Recommendations. ■»-.'
"WASHINGTON, Dec. 22.— The an
nual report of the Governor of Alaska,
John B^ Brady, made public at the In
terior Department to-day, estimates
the total white population of that dis
trict at 26,550, with possibly a small
increase in the native population since
the 19D0 census, which made the total
number of natives 29,536. ■ „
The reoort asks for better transpor
tation facilities, representation by a
Delegate in Congress, legislation to
encourage the homeseeker and home
builder and for the. detail of one or
more gunboats to cruise In Alaskan
waters to : protect industries . there.
Licensed to Wed Miss 'Leiter.
WASHINGTON, Dec 22.— Henry,
I Molyneux Paget Howards Earl of Suf-'
folk and Berkshire, to-day took out a
: license here to marry Miss Marguerite
Hyde: Leiter. a daughter of Mrs. Levi
; Z. Leiter and a sister of Lady Curzoni
The marriage will be solemnized in
, this city on the 27th inst.;
/•WASHINGTON. Dec. £2.— The date for the
grand -review: -of - the .-'battleship- squadron- of
the : North Atlantic fleet at Hampton Roads by
Secretary Morton has been fixed lor January 9.
STRANGE STORY
OF A DESERTER
Leaves His Post in Canada,
Escapes to San Francisco
and Joins American Army
HUXS OFF SECOND TIME
Says He Is Suffering From
Lapse of Memory and Can
not Explain His Conduct
Ei>ecUl IMspatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Dec 22. — A peculiar atory
is told by James Douglass, a deserter
from the army, wh owas arrested last
night at Everett and taken to Fort
Lawton. He was apprehended by De
tective Smith of the Everett police at
the request of an English detective, who
says the British Government has spent
$10,000 in locating Douglass. After his
arrest Douglass sent a number of cable
grams to England.
Douglass enlisted in the United
States army at San Francisco and de
serted last month from Vancouver. He
will not be turned over to the British
authorities until he has served his sen
tence for desertion from the American
army. Douglass claims to have suf
fered from a lapse of memory in conse
quence of which he does not know for
what he is wanted in Canada. He was
corporal at a post in Alberta and secre
tary to the commander. That was
about six months ago. Then came the
lapse of memory. The next thing
Douglass says he knew he was in San
Francisco with lots of money. How he
got there he did not know. He be-
Good CloLhes
At a Price Within Your Means
Just two days more remain in which to buy your new suit and over-
coat -for Christmas. • .,
Are you going to buy here or go elsewhere and pay more money for
the same quality of • goods ?
Our clothes are economical without looking it. That is, every gar-
ment looks as if it would sell fo'r more money than we ask.
We make our own clothes and sell them direct to you. No middle-
man figures in the transaction. His profit, which you pay in buying from
other stores, is the amount you save in dealing here. x '<-
Besides what you save you get protection with our garments. The "Year-
good" label means what it says. .
We show you swell, elegantly tailored clothes, ready to wear, at these prices:
Business Suits, $10.00 to $35.00; Tuxedos, $15.00 to $35.00; Full Dress Suits,
$22.50 to $35.00; Overcoats, $10.00 to $40.00; Priestley Cravenettes, $10.00 to $30.00;
Trousers, $2.25 to $8.00.
This range of prices means garments for any man at the price he cares to pay.
Get acquainted with us and it's a stepping stone toward a reduction in your
clothing bill for next year.
In making a gift Tnsps. A] . lM/1 I ii IB C* m/£% Tcoush the store b
where it is preferable >***• •! Jgf Kff i 96 ffl | I%1 r& H 1 3 these days, we
for the recipient Jo \f^y i t& or w*Jr 11 \& have a corps of effi-
select the goods, pur- • : J' ri '' ' f ri^^ MW>W)wB!;) / cieat salesmen so that
chase o n e o f our ~ ~~ - — — - , 4 " all customers may be
Merchandise Orders. • .; 740 iWflLrkct Street waited on promptly.
NATAL STATION
IS DISMANTLED
Esquimau Now Feeling the
Effect of the New Policy
of the British Admiralty
DISMISSAL OF EMPLOYES
Dockyard and Repair Shops
That Formerly Employed
Many Men to Be Shut Down
VICTORIA, B. C. Dec. 22.— The
British naval station at Esquimau is
being partially dismantled in keeping
with the new policy of the British "Ad
miralty. Many of the employes to-day
were given notice of dismissal and
when the process of reduction is com
pleted it is expected that none but
care-takers will have charge of the
dockyard and repair shops which
heretofore employed large numbers.
Work has begun in dismantling the
naval hospital, whose stores and equip- '
ment. Including reserve supplies kept :
for emergencies, will be shipped 'to 1
Hongkong, which will hereafter be the
Pacific as well as the China station. The
remaining ships, Bonaventure and
Shearwater, are expected to be ordered
away. The Bonaventure will leave in
March.
lleves he did something across the line
for which he is wanted and declares
he is willing to go back and "stand"
for it.
CHEYENNE, Wya, Dec. 22. — A company
has been organlxed here by business men to
conduct extensive experimental farming near
this city with artesian water.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FAIL TO AGREE
UPON VERDICT
Jurors in Case of Arizona
Official Accused of Embez
zlement Are Dismissed
SEYEX FOR CONVICTION
District Attorney Will Now
Proceed to Try the Defend
ant on Another. Count
PRESCOTT, A. T.. Dec. 22.— The Jur
ors in the case of J. P. Storm, charged
with the embezzlement of $3000 of coun
ty funds while Treasurer, failed to
agree after having been out forty-eight
hours. They were discharged at coon
to-day. It is understood that the Jury
stood seven to five for conviction and
that there was no change in the vote
from the first to the last ballot.
The District Attorney asked that trial
on the second count begin. The court
will set the second trial later in this
term.
Do Yon Want a Trunk
At a moderate price? One that looks
good and is good, or a traveling set? We
have them all in the best material and
lowest prices. Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741
Market street. ■.-,, •;••-. •
Crown Prince's Gift to Fiancee.
BERLIN, Dec. 22. — Crown Princs
Frederick William has sent his be
trothed. Duchess Cecilia of Mecklen
berg-Schwerin. at Cannes, where sha
is spending Christmas, a pearl neck
lace costing $9250. The Empress se
lected the present.
34
PORT ARTHUR WAR CRAFT
ESCAPE DURING A STORM
Eight Torpedo-Boat
Destroyers Dash
Out of Harbor.
RUMORED VICTORY
Kuropatkin Reports
203-Meter Hill
Recaptured.
LONDON, Dec 23.— The Daily Tele
graph's Chefu correspondent I reports
that eight torpedo-boat destroyers
have escaped from Poxt Arthur, where
for the last twenty-four hours, " he
says, a severe snowstorm has been
raging.
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec 22.— General
Kuropatkin has telegraphed to the
general staff that he has received a
report from Chinese sources to the ef
fect that the Russians have recaptured
203-M«ter Hill at Port Arthur, with the
gruns mounted by the Japanese.
Kuropatkin's dispatch, which is dated
December 21, also reports further rec
onnaissances by both the Russians and
the Japanese, . but '^ays they were not
productive of important results.
The War Office has no additional in
formation regarding General Kuropat
kin'e report that- the Russians have
recaptured 203-Meter Hill, but the of
ficials consider it certain that the com
mander in chief -would not have sent
the report unless it came through ex
ceptionally reliable channels.
TWO HEIGHTS CAPTURED.
TOK1O, Dee. 22.-^. dispatch re
ceived by telegraph from the Japanese-
Army before Port Arthur says:
"The ri£ht column of the army at' 5
o'clock this morning, taking advantage
of the enemy's excitement, drove the
enemy off the eminence north of
Housanyentao, on Pigeon Bay, and oc
cupied the position, And at 7 o'clock
dislodged the enemy from a height on
the peninsula west of Housanyentao,
•which we occupied, ' capturing one
email gun. After the Japanese occupa
tion -of the positions" the enemy made
a counter attaelflfrbut was immediately
repulsed.— At* present our occupation
of the position is practically secure."
A report received from Vice Admiral
Togo at 10 o'clock last night said:
"A prisoner taken by our fleet, who is
considered to be reliable. ! reports that
as the result of our attack since De
cember 13 eight torpedoes struck the
neck of the -battleship Sevastopol and
that at least one took effect t on her
hull. This seems to have occurred on
the night of December 15, or early on
the morning cf December 16. The ship
la listing to starboard and- the side
lights on her lower deck are submerged.
"On the night of December 16 one of
our torpedoes struck the bow of a Rus
sian torpedo-boat destroyer and that
vessel is now aground."
NO LONGER A MENACE- ,
HEADQUARTERS OF THE THIRD
JAPANESE ARMY, BEFORE PORT
ARTHUR, Dec. 22.— During the morn
ing of December 19 the Russian turret
sblp Sevastopol was torpedoed by the
Japanese fleet and immediately' listed
ten degrees to the right, remaining fast
on the shalk>w' shore at thB foot of
Liaoti Mountain. The vessel is consid
ered absolutely useless for further of
fensive operations. The Japanese bom
bardment of the.Russian gunboats and
torpedo craft in the harbor continues.
■ ■ <
Russians Employing Chinese.
GENERAL OKU'S HEADQUAR
TERS, Wednesday. Dec. 21.— It is. be
lieved by the Japanese that Rus
sians are employing Chinese' to .dam
age the Japanese lines of communica
tion, and they have no ' doubt , that
Chinese were employed by the Rus
sians to burn the magazines at Liao
yting. The Japanese say that if they
arrest any Chinese engaged in so ful
filling their obligation to their em
ployers they will execute them as a
warning to other Chinese against a
repetition of the offense. '
AGUEKMKNT CONCERNING
HOSPITAL SHIPS SIGNED
Document Exempts Vessels From
. . . Port- Dues and Other Charges in
Time of Peace^
THE HAGUE, Dec. 22.— The conven
tion on the status of the hospital chips
agreed upon by the delegates of the
powers to the international conference
on the subject was signed to-day in the
pretence of the Foreign- Minister. Sub
sequently Queen WUhelmina and the
Queen mother received the delegates.
The convention exempts hospital
Ships from port due* and other charges
In time of peace.
Cashier and Coin Missing.
: SIOUX CITY, Iowa, Dec. 22.— The
caurhler of th«Dedha.m Savings Bank
dt Dedham cfLnnot be found. He is
said to be short about J20.000 and the
bank has commenced suit against him
fo: the amount The bank had $60,000
deposits.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Faint* Spells
are very often attributed to biliousness
;<nd the stomach is treated to cathartics
• That's wrong. ...
Kalnt spelJs are often accompanied by
but you will also .notice. short.
:ir«s of breath, asthmatic b»aathlng. op-
i ressed feeling in chest. , weak- or hungry
spells, which are all: early symptoms of
i«art weakness.. .
' Don't make the mistake of treating the
■Ftprnach when the heart is the source of
;j« ifouble.
Dr. Miles'
..New Heart* Cure *
will strengthen the nerves and muscles
of the heart; and the fainting- spells to-
gether with all other heart troubles 'will
disappear.'
"Fcur year* »go I was very low with
heart trouble could hardly walk.- One
day I had a fainting spell, and thought
iw^Vl? dle ' 8oon ftfter l **g*n using
Dr. Mile*' Heart Cure, and after taking
three bottles I feel that I am cured."—
MRS. EFFIB CLQUGH. i
__ i__^ -' _Ell«worth Falls. Maine. •
The tart bottle will benefit. If not, the i
«rn£g2et wOl return your money. : -..• •• -•
North Sea Commis
sion Begins Its
Session.
SENSATION SPRUNG
Hull Fishermen Are
Sard to Support
Russia.
PARIS, Dec. 22.— The International
Commission appointed to inquire into
the North Sea incident met at the For
eign Office at 10 o'clock this morning.
Rear Admiral Davis. U. S. N., was
present. The commission unanimously
elected Admiral von Sbaun of the Aus
tro-Hungarian navy to be the fifth
member, completed the preliminary or
ganization and adjourned until Jan
uary 9.
The opening session was held in
a suite of sumptuous saloons of the
D'Orsay Palace, Foreign Office. Ad
miral Davis arrived in civilian dress,
accompanied by his aids, Lieutenant
Commander Roy 8. Smith, the naval
attache of the American Embassy, and
Ensign William F. Bricker. U. S. N. :
President Loubet received Admiral
Davis in the library "of the Elysee Pal
ace this evening. The interview Was a
brief and formal exchange of cour
tesies, the President expressing his
pleasure at the fact that the United
States was represented on the commis
sion.
HULL MEN CHANGE FRONT.
LONDON. Dec. 22— The publication in
St. Petersburg that the Hull fishermen
have voluntarily deposed that foreign
torpedo boats were among the trawlers
off Dogger Bank when the latter were
fired upon by ships of the Russian fleet
is probably nothing more than a repeti
tion of similar statements emanating
from Hull and appearing in London pa
pers the last few days. These are cir
cumstantial and it would certainly ap
pear to be true that some men of the
Gamecock -fleet have made statements
before the Russian Consul.
The name of only one of these has
been revealed. He is the boatswain of
the trawler Ava and he said to-day
that he was induced to make the state
ment while he was intoxicated.
The sensational press of England di
rectly charges the Russian Govern
ment with using underhand means, by
bribery and intoxicants, to secure false
statements from men of the Gamecock
fishing fleets - •
The Russian Consul at Hull to-night
said the boatswain of the Ava was
brought to his office, but that he sent
him to the Commissioner of Oaths,
where, the Consul says, the boatswain
swore he saw a Japanese torpedo boat
with the trawlers. The Consul says he
knows of other trawlers who are ready
to make similar statements, but that
they are afraid of the consequences.
The Consul indignantly denies that he
has made any attempt to induce fisher
men to make statements. He says that
when informed of the nature of the
statement the boatswain of the Ava in
tended to make it was his duty to his
Government. to render every assistance
MAY EXPLAIN THE INCIDENT.
Altogether an air of mystery: . sur
rounds the affair, but no credence in
responsible quarters is given to the al
legations that unfair methods have
been used by the Russian Government.
One explanation emanates from Par
is, where it is said that two reporters
of the. Petit Parisienne recently visited
Hull in order to interview men of the
Gamecock fleet and secure independ
ent information concerning the Dogger
Bank affair. As none of the newspaper
reports assumes to identify the
"agents" -as Russian, being limited to
calling them "foreigners employed by
the Rubsian Government," this is the
most probable explanation of the story
which, however, may possibly have a
sequel in the testimony before the In
ternational Tribunal atParls.
DAILY ARTILLERY FIGHTS.
Armies on the Shakhe Are Extending
Thefr Positions Eastward.
MUKDEN. Dec. 22. — The opposing
armies continue -artillery fights. Both
sides have extended their positions far
to the eastward. ■ •
There was more artillery firing
from Poutiloff Hill on December. 21!
which resulted in dispersing a party
of Japanese, who. were trying to en
trench in front' of that position. * ,
Chin«s« report' that Field -Marshal
Oyama 1 and his "staff 'have established
headquRrters-afLlaoyar/g- and that-the
Japanese, are constructing new forts
around the city.-M •• -■• i-....i I. . .
The Japanese |ire reported to be suf
fering severely from cold and sickness
in the : vicinity of Palajszandzi " and
Shiinche, ' where, it" -is said," they -lost
2000 men in a 6ingle week.' .. . .' ..
The Orenburg Cossacks captured six
Japanese scouts on D0cember, 21,."..i6ur
of whom were badly, frqzen.i . Two. of
them had to -suffer--. the amputation- of
their feet /The^same Cossacks re
cently 'captured -seventeen Japanese,
.who were unable to fire a single shot
when ' they found* themselves "'" sur
rounded. ;
PREDICTS PERMANENT .
PEACE V* THE BALKANS
Minister From Belgrade Says There
Will Be No Turko-Bulgarlan
War Next Year.
LONDON,- Dec. 22.— Among the
diplomatists in London connected
with the . Balkans the , suggestions of
the possibility of a Turko-Bulgarian
war are discredited. One'of the Bal
kan Ministers, who has Just returned
from a trip^to Belgrade, Sofia . and
Constantinople, %ays - that he is con-,
vinced there "will 'nolTbe a* TuTko-Bul
garlan war next year, and that if Tur
key fulfills her enra^ements peace > in
the Balkans will be established on, a
permanent t basis -for some years ,to
come: In his opinion' the situation in
Macedonia is not so serious as it was
a,year.-a*o;';:\ ;: \\- " : :/:•-:;■- ; . .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1904
Japanese Squadron
Is Cruising Off
Singapore.
LOOKING FOR FOE
May Defeat the
Baltic Fleet in
JL/V_ LCtl I.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call
SHANGHAI, Dec 22.— A squadron of
powerful cruisers under Admiral Kam
imura has gone south to the China Sea
to meet the Russian second Pacific
Squadron.
SINGAPORE, -Straits Settlement.
Dec. 22.— Two Japanese converted
cruisers, the Nippon Maru and the
Hongkong Maru, entered Singapore
Strait this morning and anchored in
the roadstead, seven miles from Singa
pore City, at noon. These cruisers are
sea scouts of the Japanese battle fleet,
which is composed of two first-class
battleships, two' .first-class armored
cruisers,. two second-class cruisers and
a flotilla of twelve torpedo craft. These
vessels are now on their way to a cer
tain place, where they intend to give
.battle to part of the Baltic fleet, i
According to the Japanese captain,
the naval situation at Port Arthur be
ing ndw settled and the Russian fleet
entirely disabled, " Admiral Togo has
turned his attention to the outcoming
fleet. He declined to /give any further
Information, but admitted that he
would go west a/id south and had called
here to communicate with the Japanese
Consul.
It is believed here that the Japanese
have a secret base "among: the islands
and will attempt to seize colliers and
boats carrying contraband to the Rus
sian fleet in these wafers. The Japan
ese cruisers left at 1:30 o'clock this aft
ernoon. !
ST. PETERSBURG. Dec. 22.— The an
nouncement that four Japanese cruis
ers and twelve torpedo boats are pro
ceeding west from Singapore is re
ceived here with much interest It is
not believed, however, that such a
small squadron can have been sent out
by Japan with an, idea of engaging in
offensive operations, but it is regarded
as more probable that it- is the pur
pose of this squadron to keep a sur
veillance over the two detachments of
the Russian fleet which are expected
to soon unite in the neighborhood of
Madagascar. It is generally believed
that Vice Admiral JRojestvensky in
tends to establish a naval coaling base
on . spme small island between Mada
gascar and the Philippines and that
the Japanese cruising squadron is to
mark the rendezvous for Vice Admiral
Togo's information. The belief is ex
pressed that Admiral Rojestvensky will
be able to catch up with the Japanese
scouts, who, it is believed, he could
easily destroy, thereby^weakening the
Japanese in the final naval engage
ment *
CZAR ANGERED
BY A PETITION
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 22.—Em
peror Nicholas formally notified the
country to-day that agitation for a
constitution and the convocation of a
National Assembly is. useless. Such is
the construction placed upon the in
dorsement written in his own hand on
the resolutions telegraphed by the
Chernigov Zemstvo on .December 20.,
begging him in the most loyal manner
to convocate legally elected members
of the Zemstvos to present a pro
gramme of reform for his considera
tion. The Emperor wrote on the dis
patch:
I consider the action of the President to be
presurnptyoua and . tactWis. Questions of 8 tate
administration ' are of no concern to the
Z^nistvos, whose functions and rights- are
clearly defined by. the law.
The indorsement was printed in the
Official Messenger this morning, dash-
Ing the hopes of the extremists. It
dogs not come as a great surprise.
The Emperor,* from the beginning, al
though he has shown himself favor
ably disposed toward a more liberal
regime and in entire sympathy with
some of the Zemstvo demands, had re
solved not to yield the principle of
autocracy. Upon this point, it is un
derstood, all his advisers, including
Interior Minister . SylatopolkvMirsky,
agreed, but the character of the agi
tation followed the" meeting of the
presidents of ,the Zemstvos, and the
action 'of. various provincial Zemstvos
arid municipal councils, coupled with
the recent demonstrations at 'st Pe
tersburg, .Moscow and elsewhere, prob
ably served, to strengthen, the hands
ot the reactionaries and convinced'. the
Emperor of . "the imperative necessity;
for- a plain-spoken announcement I ot
the sovereign's position upon the main
point. ' ' ' ; ' ' ■" ' ■'-'■ ■>---••■
• What the, immediate effect of. the
imperial rebuke administered to : the
Chernigov Z^mstvo will be is prob
lematical. It may only serve to fan
the flames and be, used by the revolu
tionary organizations to increase the
agitation, and in turn compel- its rep
resentation. ; . ' \ , : ;
Christmas Picture "Frames.
"' ; Exquisite patterns In oval, circle ; and
square frames, finished, in' gilt, gold lac
quers and browns, tipped with da'inty
gold ornaments. ■ Good for Christmas.'
Sanborn. Vail & Co., 741 Market street •
.KINGSTON. Jamaica. D«c. 23-— The United
Fruit Company's • steamship Admiral Dew«»y
•went ashore last night at the entrance of Port
Horant harbor. - The wrecking- steamer Pre
mUr hat rone to her assistants*. -;', .... ...-
• - Special sale , of souvenir shaving mugs
and shaving outfits. Deckelman Bros.,
106 Ellis street . r U / - ■;>; : , . •
STOCKHOLM, Dec. 22.— Count Gyldenstople
Swedish-Norwegian Minister at St. Petersburg'
has been appointed; Foreign Minister in sue
cession' to C. H. Laserheim, who resigned No
v«mber 7. / . . ■- • -. - - ;-.- "■_'-,- ■•- - - ■■ - . ..
W-A-'. dream . of pleasure, the new two for
Auarter size Amerlcao. J3 75 box 26» - •
TELLS HOW
KEENE WAS
BETRAYED
Lawson Adas to His
Wall-Street
History.
Accuses Standard Oil of
Treacliery to Former
Caliiornian.
Bostonian Expresses Friendly Regard
lor the Premier of btock .
Manipulators.
Ssecial Dispatch to The Call
BOSTON, Mass., Dec. 22.— Thomas W.
Lawson to-day made this statement:
/"Last Friday I said, in speaking of
how fictitious transactions werafmade
on the Stock. Exchange for the purpose
of making bogus, prices, with intent to
defraud buyers and sellers of securities:
'I have a five or six page corroborative
letter from Mames R. Keene.'
"Mr. Keene denied my statement, and
said he had only written a short note
of two pages, and if I did not publish it
he would the following Monday. . I an
swered: 'All right; go ahead.' He did
not publish it Monday or Tuesday. • I
prepared to on Wednesday. Late Tues
day night he sent me word that if I re
frained he would publish his copy on
Thursday, and he did. What he pub
lished is a correct copy of the full five
page letter I have in my possession.
"First, I would say Mr. Keene's letter
to me was not a confidential communi
cation. On the contrary, it was written
that I might use it in my story.
"Second, I have no desire to do or say
anything to annoy or injure Mr. Keene.
My writings in the past' and that part
of my story wherein I have already
spoken of him show plainly my feelings
about him, and my treatment of him
in the coming chapter of my story,
which will be devoted to him, will fur
ther show my feelings; but in treating
Mr. Keene I must, as in case of all oth
ers whom I describe or whose actions
I relate, show the exact line of truth. ,
KEENE'S STRENUOUS WORK.
"For years there was in the employ
of William Rockefeller a man who han
dled all confidential transactions and
papers connected with ' them of the
'Standard Oil.' In the midst of the pop
per deal a great 'leak', was discovered
at 26 Broadway. Enormous transac
tions were being > conducted "in Wall
street, ostensibly in the name of 'Stand
ard Oil'— that is, when certain stock
deals -were rcade, rumor credited them
to 'Standard Oil.' A most thorough se
cret investigation was started, but
without success. Traps were laid and
finally game was found in them .and the
'leak' discovered. ;
"Consternation reigned at the 'Sys
tem's' shrine, j Mr.,- Rockefeller's confi
dential man was quietly 'dismissed.
Simultaneously with his dismissal a
tremendous Third-avenue bomb was
exploded and the world, particularly
the financial world, for a short day was
allowed a glimpse of the terribly black
duplicity which at all times underlies
Wall street. The services of the Grand
Jury were sought and things for a few
days looked ominous for certain men.
"The hatred of 'Standard Oir for
James R. Keene at this time was selling
at over par. The necessities of James
R. Keene were pressing, flrsf for for
giveness and the good will of 'Standard
Oil'; next, in connection with his rub
ber stocks. A certain man succeeded in
amalgamating the 'Standard Oil' hatred
of Keene and the Keene necessities,
and James R. Keene foiled up hia
sleeves for the most strenuous piece of
work in his most strenuous life, and
-the fur flew — the people's fur.
STANDARD OIL TREACHERY.
VIn consideration of Keene . doing a
good job up brown, the 'Standard Oil"
would'subseribe one-half of the money
necessary to float the new rubber com
pany and loan its magic name to the
enterprise. First, the total amount was
$5,000,000. 'Standard Oil' $2,500,000; then
$10,000,000, 'Standard Oil' $5,000,000;
finally $15,000,000, 'Standard Oil' $7,500.
000. Public announcement was made
and everything went as merty as a
steam clipper at a fleecing bee, and
Keene completed his job, and— well,
'Standard OH 1 never forgives an in
jury. • .;... ,-\ '-"■:■ '...
.."Suddenly its' subscription and its
name were yanked away from the new
rubber company* and James R. Keene
was longer of experience and shorter
of faith than ever before" in his mar
velous careen " b u t I 'win tell this' "part
of. ray story, in the fullest detail when I
reach e it , in j the regular of
events."' ' "■"■■•••.-•• '..■"' ..'-_- '''■■'.'•.• •".'■.'
Lawson also exhibited , a .letter,<frqm
Denis Doriohue of New York, inwhich
,the. latter; said:; . f ; ; - " 1 '.
. ''I shall always remember Thomas W.
Lftwson;' the man, as one of the most
winning personalities with whom I have
crossed blades during my twenty\years
of journalistic- sword play— a cavalier
like the good Sleur. Bayard, 'Sans peur
et sans reproche.' V
Lawson also renewed his attacks on
H. H.' Rogers,. but said nothing of pub
lic Interest ■:■:;? ''•■•■■■•■.■■
ADDICKS SEEKING TROUBI«E.
BOSTON, , Dec. 22.— The -Boston
Journal will say, to-morrow morning
that J. Edward Addicks, who has
been prominently identified with gas
companies in this city, arrived in Bos
ton and the 1 Journal under
stands that he came here for the pur
pose .of having, an interview with
Thomas W. Lawson. Upon his arrival
here "Addicks immediately , left % for
Newton, refusing ; himself , to ' 'Inter
viewers.. :;'yj ; < ..' . -■•■■•'■■■/.:.•-. x !
iThV Journal ',wlli ; say. that Alexander
J. Cbwan, a WasHlngton street news
dealer, .was served "with - ;' a
summons "to 'appear In court 7 on'- Satur
day^to answer ... to aVcharge of ; selling
and " spreading!^ri~anegedV)i belous • ar
ticle ; appearing in a current magazine.
BRITON WINS
THE HAND OF
AMERICAN GIRL
AMERICAN . GIRL WHOSE EN
GAGEMENT TO A BRITISH DIP
LOMAT HAS BEEN ANNOUNCED.
NEW TORK, Dec 22.— The engage
ment of Miss Alice Blight, daughter of
Atberton Blight of New York and Phil
adelphia, and the Hon. Gerard Lowther,
British Minister at Tangier, has just
been announced by a private cablegram
from London.
Lowther was for sometime secretary
of the British embassy in Washing
ton. In.1901 he was appointed Minister
to . Chile and was lately transferred to
Tangier. _•
PERSONAL.
Dr. James D. Fair of Chicago is at
the Lick.
W. W. Chapln of Sacramento is at
the Palace.
Dr. G. H. McGeer of Tacoma is at
the Grand. /~
Dr. G. P. Doyle of Bishop, Cal., is
at the Grand.
A. O. Lowe, a Woodland capitalist,
is staying at the Lick. . v
- Harry A. Cotton of Port TownsenS
is staying at the Grand. . .
John Markley of Geyserville regis
tered yesterday at the Lick.
William ■ L. Davis of Colorado
Springs is at the St Francis.
' Frank Kernan, a mining 1 man of Val
dez, Alaska, is at .the Occidental.
. A. H. Naftzger, the well known Los
Angelea fruit grower, .is at the St.
Francis.
G. F. Harrington and wife of Har
rington, Ariz., are staying at the St.
Francis.
Attorney Frank H. Short of Fresno
Is here on legal business and staying
at the Palace. .
W. B. Clapp, who is connected with
the United States Geological Survey,
is at the St. Francis.
Mr. and Mrs. George H. Hovey of
Chicago were among yesterday's ar
rivals at the St Francis.
President David Starr Jordan of
Stanford University is at the St. Fran
cis.
C. P. Hill, a mining engineer of Hill
crest, Canada, is registered at l the
Palace. ,
Among yesterday's arrivals at the
Palace .was W. H. Holabird, a well
known mining and lumberman of Los
Angeles.
. Hervey Lindley, president of the
Klamath River Railroad Company, is
in this city for the holidays and reg
istered at the Palace.
J. F. Van Rensselar, general agent
of the Southern Pacific Company at
Atlanta, Ga., and wife, who are visit
ing for San Francisco . for the first
time, are guests at the St Francis.
Word has been received here that
A. P. Stewart, district freight and
passenger agent ._ of the Chicago and
Alton road, is confined to his bed in
St. Louis with a broken leg, the result
of a recent street car accident. Stew
art left here three weeks ago in re
sponse to *a summons from hla chief
and was preparing to leave St. Louis
for San Francisco when he met with
the accident. According to a letter
received here yesterday he will not be
able "; to : return to San Francisco for
several weeks. .
Calif otnians in New York.
: NEW.: YORK, Dec. 22. — The follow
iriB QaHforhlans are- in New York:
; From San Francisco— H. R. Ber
nard, at .the Albert; W. N. Kelly, at
the Imperial; F. L. Lowell, at
the Holland House; . M. J. Bacon, at
the J. W. Matthes'and wife,
at the As,tor; v G. G. Sanches, at the
Grand Union; F.'L." Stroh and O. D.
TolsIriMat the' Hotel Imperial; J." Brenr
nari ; and B. Muzy; .'at' the Herald
Square, and Miss : M. ; Newhall, at the
Woodward.
From Los Angeles — R. L. Lewellyn,
at the Park Avenue ;C. N. Thomas, at
tne St. Denis, and Miss A. at the
Earlington.
Californlans . in Washington.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 22.— The follow
ing Californians are in Washington: At
the New Wlllard, Mrs. P. M. Kelly of
San Francisco; at the Ebbitt, W. G.
Hunter of San Francisco.
Christmas Clocks and Candlesticks.
| Get one of our clocks, the quaint gold
en ones that -every one wants, or a gold
candlestick, jewel, case or ink stand for a
nice and -not, expensive -Christmas "pres
ent 1 Banborn, Vail & Co... 741 Market st •
LONDON, Deo. : 23.— The Standard announces
that the - English directors of the Sue* Canal
Company : are confident ,- that "rates " will be re
duced In 1905 by ten cents per ton, making the
charge $1 HO ¥tH .'. 'WIILI
Don't Give Trash.
. Give'; her J a*; Light '-_ Running f Domestic,
the sewing 1 " machine ■ for '; the -home." Do
mestic Co., 1021 Market at, near 6 th, • v
NEW PORT SWELL
IS A FUGITIVE
Warrant Oiit^ for Arrest
of ' Multimillionaire Nor
man's Private Secretary
ACCOUNTS NOT COKKECT
Edwin Lu Pike Leaves Be
hind Him Several Un
paid Personal Obligations
Sr.»ri-il Disrateh to Th« Call
NEWPORT, R. I., Dec. 22.— Sergeant
Allen C. Griffith, armed with a war
rant for the arrest of Edwin L*. Pike,
private secretary of George H. Norman,
multi-millionaire, left Newport* early
to-day for Boston to apprehend the
secretary, but up to a late hour to
nisht he had not been able to locate
him. (
Pike kept sumptuous apartments on
Bellevue avenue. He dressed well — In
fact, was a Beau Brummel, and was
envied bythe young men of his set. He
kept a valet and maintained two estab
lishments.
Pike's disappearance, with the fact
that he was secretary to George H.
Norman, has given Newport its biggest
sensation in years.
Yesterday Norman returned from
New York and was unable to flrtd his
secretary, who had been left in charge
of his personal business affairs. Upon
examination of his accounts, which
were not found in a .satisfactory con
dition, Norman immediately obtained a
writ of attachment to be served upon
the secretary's account in the National
Exchange Bank, but no balance was
found. An attachment was placed on
Pike's personal property and at his
boarding-house a keeper was placed in
charge.
Norman had been accustomed to turn
over to his secretary considerable sums
of money, with which to meet personal
obligations. These sums were deposited
by the secretary to his awn account
and drawn on by the secretary's
checks. Norman went away a week
ago and left $2000 with his secretary.
It is reported that there are several
personal accounts of Pike which are
left unpaid.
MORTON TALKS
FOR RAILROADS
Sseclal Dispatch to The Call
CALL BUREAU, POST BUILDING,
WASHINGTON, Dec 22.— In his strug
gle with the interstate commerce
problem, his desire being to see the
commission granted the I power to regu
late rates. President Roosevelt ' has
called Secretary Morton into confer
ence a great deal lately, appreciating his
knowledge and experience as a railroad
man. It now develops, according., to a
New York statesman who is close to
both the President and the Secretary,
and who talked to both on the subject
to-day, that Secretary Morton has a
very strong leaning toward the rail
road interests In this business and has
upheld them to such an extent that he
and the President show signs of drift
ing apart
It is said that Morton has urged upon
the President the right of the railroads
to pool ,ln their service to', terminal
points where they are now competitors.
This point is one which the railroads
have long been claiming, and Secretary
Morton is reported to have said that if
it be now granted all opposition on
their part to the proposed extension of
the powers of the Interstate Com
merce Comnjission would be with
drawn.
The President, however, declines to
make this concession, according to the
authority referred to, and the discus
sion has continued until there is some
show of feeling between the President
and the Secretary.
ASKS COURT TO COMPEL
CHILD TO SUPPORT HER
California Woman Is Defendant In an
Action Brought in Omaha by
. Mother.
OMAHA, Dec. 22. — Elizabeth B.
Reeves has filed in the District Court
a petition and affidavit for a writ of
attachment and garnlshee against
Margaret L. Getty of California. The
defendant is the daughter of the
plaintiff, who alleges that her daugh
ter- should contribute to her support
and In the affidavit it is asserted' that
the sum of $1000 is now due her^from
Mrs. Getty under a contract.
The defendant, though a resident of
California, owns property In Omaha,
which is specified In the papers and
is said to be owned by Mrs. Getty in
her own right independent of her hus
band. It is sought to attach the, prop
erty and garnishee the proceeds from
the same for the benefit v of the
CLERGYMAN ARRESTED
FOR ROBBING A STORE
Faints When Taken to the Police
Station on a Charge of
Shoplifting.
TOLEDO, Ohio, Dec. 221 — Among
the shoplifters 'arrested last night by
department store detctlves one man, j
taken. by Roger Bresnahari, the noted i
ball player, proved to be Rev. S. Gobiet.
He was charged with having stolen
two pairs of cuff buttons. ; "
When he was registered at the Cen
tral station he fainted. Later he re
covered sufficiently to put up $10 bail, !
which he Jorf eited when his case was .
called to-day. He is a Bowling Green j
divine. . _ ; " i
HJgh. Prices Realized for the Pelts.
VICTORIA, B. C, DecC 82.— The an
nual meeting of the Victoria; Sealing
Company, which, embraces 'Virtually all
the Canadian sealers in the Pacific,
will be held to-rnorrow. Last '. year's
catch was high and the prices realized
for the pelts in" London were good, the
season being a profitable one to the
company* ' > .
FOURTEEN
YEARS IN
A DUNGEON
New Yorker. Long ifoiirned
as Dead, Writes to Mother
Telling of Startling Ad
venture in Soufh America
POLITICAL PEISONEE
OF REVOLUTIONISTS
Anxiously Inquires for Wife
I and Two Sons, Not Know
ing- That She and Children
Had Died Some Time Ago
Poecial Dl-patch to Tb« Call
PORT JERVIS. N. T.. Dec 22.-Un
heard of for fourteen years, during
whiSh time he had been mourned as on«
dead by -family and friends. F. C. Hol
ley, a once prosperous business man of
New Tprk, has written to his only sur
viving relatives announcing: that he Is
alive. He tells an extraordinary story
of confinement in a South American
prison. Holley's letter came from Bu
caramanga in the department of San
tanda. Colombia, South America, to his
mother, who lives in Otisville, N. T.
Holley was a salesman for the Inger
soll Drill Company. He was successful,
and it was just fourteen years ago that
a letter reached his mother announcing:
that he had completed a $23,000 contract
in one of the important cities of Co
lombia, and was about to start for
home. That was the last, heard from
him from that day until to-day. Noth
ing concerning him had been learned,
an exhaustive Investigation was futlla
and eventually the supposition that ha
had met death in some remote place
was accepted.
When he went to South America Hol
ley had a wife and two sons In a cozy
homo In Homowac, Ulster County. N.
Y. . The wife, still mourning him. died
several years ago and both sons wer«
killed in accidents. Holley does not
know this and makes an anxious In
quiry In his letter. He gays that when
he arrived in Colombia one of the then
frequent revolutions was in progress,
but he took no particular Interest in it
and proceeded to transact his business.
He had done so and was on the eve of
leaving town when, without a word of
warning, he was arrested as a political
prisoner and without an explanation
of the nature of his offense thrown into
a dungeon.
In the vicissitudes of Colombian poli
tics and the many changes in the Gov
ernment he was finally forgotten, and
as all communication with the outside
world was dented him he could not
even learn which of the contending
parties had caused his arrest and Ions
captivity.
BLACK WILL/OPENIiY
ANNOUNCE CANDIDACY
Platt's Declaration of War Does Not
Alarm New York's Former
Governor. • .
NEW YORK, Dec. 22. — Louis F.
Payne, one of ex-Governor Black's
supporters in the United States Sen
atorship contest, 'said to-day that
Black was a candidate for Senator
Depew'a place. Payne continued:
"Mr. Black's friends knew all along
that he waa in the field, but now he is
ready to come out openly and make
his fight for a seat in the Senate."
Before leaving: for Albany to-day
Governor Odell received the commit
tee appointed by the conference called
by Senator Platt yesterday. He was
evasive and non-committal In discuss
ing, the situation.
IOWA CITY. la.. D«c. 22.— Th» Iowa Brew
ery waa burned to-night. Loss $100,000.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WRONG IDEA.
' Don't set the wrong idea into your
headf that starvation Is good for dys-
pepsia.
It's not.
Those who have not studied the sub-
ject very deeply, or with trained scien-
tific %ninds, might think so.
But facts prove otherwise.
All specialists in stomach and diges-
tive disorders know that it Is best for
dyspepsia to be well fed.
Why, dyspepsia is really a starvation
disease!
.Your food doesn't feed you.
By. starvation, you may give your
bowels and kidneys less to do. but that
does not cure your digestive trouble^ —
simply makes you weaker and sicker:
less likely to be permanently cured
than ever.
No, the only right way to permanent-
ly cure yourself of any form of dyspep-
sia or indigestive trouble, is to eat
heartily of all the food that you find
best agrees with you, and help your
digestion to work with Stuart's Dys-
pepsia, Tablets.
This Is a safe, certain, scientific, re-
liable method of treatment, .which will
never fail to cure the most obstinate
cases If persevered In.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets have a
gentle, tonic, refreshing effect on the
secretory glands of the entire digestive
tract
They gently force the flow of fresh
digestive Juices.
They contain, themselves, many of
the chemical constituents of these
Juices, thus when dissolved they help
to dissolve the food around them in
stomach or bowels.
They therefore quickly relieve all the
symptoms of indigestion, and coax the
glands to take a proper pleasure in do-
ing their proper work.
They coax you back to health.
No other medical treatment of any
sort nor any fad system of "Culture"
or "Cure," will give you the solid, per-
manent, curative results, that will
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.
Write for a free Book of Symptoms.
F. A. Stuart Co- Marshall, Mich.
CASTOR1A
: ■ l ■ £oi Infant 3 and Children.
fha Kind You Hare Always 'Bought
Bears th» /^JZZST^T
Signature of ( r &z£7JZ7 : C6&4*i&STOUT SEERESS smashes tradition
ANENT MYSTIC GIFT
lMH0¥ATI0!1 y IM THE OCCULT
Communion With Spooks Does Not of Necessitij
Diminish Flesh or Dignlfu Demeanor.
So little suggestive of the spiritual
was the personality of 3Ime. Annie
Waltman. accused of practicing occult
ism without licecse in a Sixth-street
chamber of mystery", that Prosecuting
Attorney Harris audibly hoped the
complaint was not a blunder. His mis
giving was justified by the 250 pounds
avoirdupois that filled the witness chair
and bulged over its arms and the fail
ure of a mammoth picture hat to
diminish by contrast the amplitude of
a good-natured countenance embrac
ing three chins.
"The seeress of tradition," remarked
Mr. Harris to Police Judge Fritz, "is
either an airy, fairy, fragile creature,
conveying the impression of flesh being
consumed by soul-fires, or a statu
esque female of mien both serene and
mystic. This defendant fills neither
of these bills. If she's guilty of this
charge she is also an innovation, phy
sicaJly and intellectually."
"Let's hear the testimony," said the
Judge.
"Madam, can you reveal the future?"
inquired the attorney.
"Young man," was the guttural re-
Eponse. "Wen you've lived as I've lived
an' si>erienced w'at I've sperienced you
may be able to peek inter th' footer."
"You are accused of charging money
for your revelations?"
"I don't charge nothin' ter nobuddy i
for my visions, an' them as says I do
will answer for their lyin* to a mightier
jiower than I be. If any pore creatur
is in trouble an' wants a revelation I
give it, an' if any grateful pusson
sees fit to hand me money I take it.
But I makes no charges."
"Then you are conducting an elee
mosynary institution?"
"Xuthin* of th' kind." was the brid
ling rejoinder. "No matter what th'
Ekiptics Bay6, I'm a decent woman."
The case was continued till Decem
ber 21 and the defendant was advised to
abandon hobnobbing with the unseen
for hire until that date.
Max Cutter, who sold a gilded brick
worth about $3 to Elkin Cohen for
J1800 by representing it was worth
$16,000. must answer in the Superior
Court. His bail was fixed at *5000 by
Judge Conlan.
• • •
S. Watanaba bowed low before Judge
Fritz, made a sweeping salaam to Clerk
Duffy and almost prostrated himself
In deference to Bailiff Conlon. "When
his genuflections had been summarily
squelched it was ascertained that with
a hammer he had tapped the skull of
another gentleman of Japan so smart
ly as to inflict a deep wound, the at
tack being absolutely unprovoked.
Suspicion as to the little man's sanity
was not removed by the discovery that
his pockets were stuffed with Nipponese
literature relating to the campaign in
Manchuria, Several compatriots testi
fied that he evidently was war crazy.
The Lunacy Commission will examine
him.
August Kolb. a blacksmith, came
from Point Richmond to witness the
Eritt-Xelson battle, and so stirred was
his innate tniculence by the spectacle
that he proceeded from the scene of
conflict to wreak vengeance on Charles
Moss, a fellow craftsman, for having
clienated Mr*. Kolb's affections. Mr.
Moss resided on Th*ir<2 street, and there
he and his brother John were fiercely
ADVERTISEMENTS.
\A Christmas 0
| Gifts j
iJThc newest desiens
.Ilia such well-selected
{{variety as to meet .all
j tn<;ies. »
THK NAME BOHM-
ETRISTOL CO. STANDS
AS A GUARANTEE OF
I SATISFACTION IN
j QUALITY AND PRICE.
j OPEN EVENINGS
UNTIL CHRISTMAS
II Bohm-Bristo!Co.
// Jewelsrseni
S\J] Si!versmit»h$
AJ/ I O4-". 10 Geary Street. W\
Always. Remember the Full /If me
jTaxative §J222 Q mn<n Q
Ceres e Cold in One l/*y, CnpLn2 Dayt
BY JAMES C. CRAWFORD.
fighting Mr. Kolb when a policeman
interrupted the combat and arrested
the participants. The Moss brothers al
leged that Mr. Kolb fired three shots
from a revolver with intent to kill
them, and Mr. Kolb averred that the
Moss brothers would certainly have
slaughtered him if the law guardian
had not intervened. Judge Cabanlss
expressed his lack of belief in either of
the stories by discharging their au
thors.
• • •
Patrolmen Kramer and Joy united In
pronouncing Edward Clifford, alias
•Toughey," the stellar bully and black
guard of the Barbary Coast, and hinted
that hie incarceration for a protracted
period would contribute to their mental
relief and conduce to the promotion of
peace on their beau They arrested him
in accordance with Chief "Wittman's
proclaimed desire to have the city
purged of masculine creatures who are
dependent for livelihood upon the
bouDty of disreputable women, and
they were heavily laden with proofs
that he came fairly within the scope of
the righteous ukase. They described
as his "meal ticket" a female who
queens it over her sisters in degrada
tion by the same intimidatory violence
that he exercises in maintenance of his
position as the unholy terror of their
degenerate consorts. The woman was
hardly less muscular and cruel than the
man, and he was credited with more
clean knockouts than any half dozen
professional pugilists in history. He
had repeatedly been convicted of bat
tery, but imprisonment seemed to have
no restrictive effect upon his savagery.
He recently completed a twelvemouth
term, and came out of jail just as vi
cious as he went in. The court would
make no mistake in sentencing him to
the six-month limit for vagrancy.
Judge Mogan inspected his records
and found that they corroborated the
policemen's allegations as to "Tough
ey's" character. Then the case was
taken under advisement till January 5,
the defendant being remanded to cus
tody until that date.
Tom Co-le, chronic vagabond, w.is
wearing an overcoat of up-to-date style
and costly material when a policeman
arrested him on suspicion of having
stolen the garment.
"I got it from a lady in Sausaleeter,"
said Tom to Judge Conlan. "She's an
o!e fiien' of mine, an' handed it to me
as a Christmas present."
It looked like acquittal for him until
he voluntarily adduced the information
that he rode to Sausalito from Suisun
on a street car. He will be sentenced
for defective geography.
Harry Crouch, a neatly clad young
negro, denied that he disturbed the
peace of Joe King's dance hall, as al
leged in the complaint against him be
fore Judge Mogan.
"Xufnn' ob de sort. Jedge. Ise 'suah
yah," he said. "Et wuz dis way, yo"
Honnah: Ah crosses de bay fr'm Oak
land, whah Ah libs en wuks, to visit
er lady fr'en' ob mine w'at wuks in
dis yah dance hall."
"Miss Anastatia Johnson, I presume,"
ventured the court.
"So. sah; en Ah ain't a gwine te gib
do lady's name in dis yah co't, 'kase
Ah doan kinsldah et's propah te do so.
Well, on de way obah Ah meets mah
fr'en' Billy Woods, de prize fightah.
en as he hez jest win er scrap at
Stockton en hez plenty ob cush he
'cided he'll go wif me. Ez we're a gwine
up 'Clfic street de tip goes out dat
Billy Woods is In town wif money ter
blow, en afore we gits ter de dance hall
BELDEN PLACE WOMEN
WANT POLICE ENJOINED
Snlt for Damages and Injunction
Filed, but Temporary Order Is
Denied by Judge Kerrigaii-
The proprietresses of the eight
houses on Belden place which were
raided by the police Wednesday night
decided yesterday to seek the custom
ary relief in injunction, but at the
hour of adjourning the Superior courts
the relief had not been granted. A
complaint directed against Chief of
Police Wittman for Injunction and
$10,000 damages was filed during the
afternoon by Attorney C. G. Xagle.
The case was assigned to Department
4, but Judze Hebbard was not in and
Xagle applied to Judge Kerrigan for
a temporary restraining order to pre
vent a repetition of the raid during
the trial of the suit- Judge Kerrigan
declined to grant it.
The action is in behalf of Elysa
Malenoire and seven other women,
who aver that they hold lodging-house
licenses and are engaged in renting
their premises for lodging purposes.
They declare that the action" of the
police Is unwarranted and has inter
fered w!th their rights and the con
duct of their business, hence the dam
ages alleged !n the amount sued for.
KNIGHTS OF COLUMBUS
NAME THEIIl OFFICERS
Councils Will Be Established Shortly
at WatsnnviHe, Sacramento
and Stockton.
California Council No. 668, Knights
of Columbus, held , its first annual
election of officers on Wednesday
night at Balboa Hall. Native Sons*
building. Philip J. Fay was elected
grand knight, and James M. Hanley
deputy grand knighL" The following
officers were also elected to serve for
one year: Chancellor, Theodore J.
Savage; lecturer, J. Dockweiler; war
den, Sidney P. Robertson: advocate,
"William ,F. Humphrey: inside guard,
George W. Duffleld Jr.; outside guard,
Edward Murphy, and. trustee for un
expired term, James J.Gilmartin.
Councils of the Knights of Colum
bus will soon be instituted at Sacra
mento, Stockton and Watsonville.
WILLIAM AUAMS FALLS DEAD.—Wil
liani Adum, a railroad employe from Nevada.
died suddenly at.tlie ferry building at S o'clock
yesterday moinlnr- of heart disease. He bad
Juti arrived la the cltj-.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. * DECEMBER 23, 1904.
dere's a big crowd ob cullud pussons
a-follerin* us an' a-starin' at Bill. Dey
follers' us inter de dance hall, en Bill
is beln' pestered so much by dem fool
coons dat Ah 'cides ter pertect. him.
Den in comes dis yah cop en picks me
up for shooin' de crowd erway. Dat's
de fac's ob it, en Ah isn't guilty."
Corroborative testimony obtained
Mr. Crouch's dismissal.* ' ■
"He's a capper for a quack," was the
policeman's introductory speech as
John Brown, emaciated and sallow,
was nrraigned before Judge Mogan on
the charge of vagrancy.
Then the ofheer went on to explain
that the defendant's "capping" consist
ed of falsely representing himself as
one who had been plucked from the
grave's edge by a certain putative
healer of physical ailments and thus
inducing unsophisticated invalids to
visit said practitioner, by whom he was
paid a percentage of whatever money
was obtained from them. John's plan
of operation was to loiter In hotel cor
ridors and other places where men con
gTegate until he saw a person seem
ingly in need of medical attention,
whom he would engage in conversation.
After adroitly ascertaining the nature
of the stranger's disease John would
tell in tones indicative of gratitude of
how he was completely cured of that
very ill after he had given up all hopes
of recovery and was resignedly await
ing the grim reaper's summons.
"Go to my doctor at once," John
would say with enthusiasm. "He won't
charge you a cent for consultation."
Then awny John would hurry to de
scribe to his ajly the symptoms which
had been described to him by their
owner, and when the latter visited the
"doctor" he would be astonished at
the knowledge of his case shown by
that person.
"I'm too weak to work, and you don't
want me to starve, do you?" said John
to the Judge.
"Then jail's the best place for you,"
was the response.
"But my family— what's to become
of them if I go to jail?"
"Can you find no other means of
earning a living than by preying on the
fear and credulity of sick folk?"
"Well. I could play the races if I
had money."
He was dismissed with a caution to
"cap" no more.
LAST GALL, for CHRISTMAS
Only two more buying days. PURCHASE PRACTICAL PRESENTS— something tliat» will give
pleasure for years to come. Don't, bother about* the money. U NO Y. YOUR CREDIT IS GOOD
ON THE SQUARE. "NUF-CED." ; : : : : ; : : ; - i : : :
Ho. 1 — Parlor Cabi- Wo. 3 — Parlor Table No. 3— Music Cabi- Jfo. 4 — Library Ta- No 5. — Rocker- Ho. 6 — Laditi' Ho. - 7 t- Sectional
net — Mahogany finish. Solid oak e-r>iri»n n«t— Mahoranv finish We — ° ld Mission • de- c ... , ,. .-,. Drtninr .Table— Book Cases— The lat-
back decorated with « tt oak. golden net— Manoganj finish, sign, quarter - sawed Solid oak, golden fin- Quarter - sawed »> oak. «t *ivj most- practical
• • *J>.85 •• J)5c carved ......$12.75 .........:.. $16.25 » shed ' Price. . . . $4 J3 Prlce .*7.S5 \ 3&K>TS *£t\™ up!^
f\ .^ _ ' ;; J» :^. New designs arriving daily. Not a pattern; Wik V if •conoiay !■ any object, if you
\L jti h iJCLa but bears the stamp of merit. Prices the low- Kr?dl Kflli?6 own • a «*» 1 »»»t-«. B^rr part
■^•»**aai 0VVVW ■ \- &^^/ <-*%*& AWAfiAkV ruaranteed. Terms $1.00 dowa
- « '- - -■■- .- est - ■ ■ - ■■■■■■■ ■ •■-.•■. ■ ••_.-: I :■■'■:■■. ■•/,-■. €a# ■;■■■.-.-■■ -■-■ - ■-.■-Ca# - MUgLOO > we>t .. -'.-...■
'_ __ _i «-— ■ ~~ -' -'■ ■'-.'■''■' * -- : • • — .' , .-.- . . •.' ; — : _ JL_ -^ JMJ-^__ — _^^u^. —-— __ _ .-'_-• -^ '"'*'_ ' . - • ••.-"* " •".
gawMMJWi J— L u W3BanwwMgHBB><.avimi. im*— WWWWWTBWa^ '■<a^^^iaiamTia^naa>M^aMB^t^iWW»»Ja»aii^a»»«BY»|MMiSySSri^^!^TTT^r~~~*~-™""
W^^^^Mm^^^^i^^^^^?i »dr I i » 1 *il ft nVH • ll p iSr fwf^PP^^T" ji&ltaiHiSEEB
Ja^B^ar * " '* b^SB^5^^S^bI ABHBraH^MH 3 • HH B II H Ml flH I B Ml ' ■^^H WJjf^^JJSfiji ':' ~i*~ '- 'W^^M BB^^aSv^^aBIHCSi "**»^?^ ' «" - *TJ
ARMY ATHLETICS
ARE A SUCCESS
Corporal Hunt Distinguislies
Himself • iii Artillery^ Field
Sports at the [ Presidio
JUDGE ADVOCATE BACK
Major Morrow Eeturns to His
Post From Attending Court
Martial of Paymaster Eees
The regular monthly, field day of the
Field and Coast Artillery took place
yesterday at the Presidio. The games
were largely attended.' They . were a
great success. Corporal Hunt of the
Sixty-fifth Fields Artillery .carried off
the large. majority. of the honors. He
proved himself a first-class all round
athlete.
'The winners of the different events
were as follows: '
Half-mlte run— First. Corporal Goad, Oone
Hundred and Fifth . Company, coast artillery,
2 minutes 0 seconds;- second. Private Chase,
Twenty-fourth Field Battery. • .
22C-yard run — First, Corporal Fachman.
Sixty-fifth Compaa>% 24 3-5 seconds; second.
Corporal Hunt, Sixty- fllth Company, coa»t ar
tillery: third, Pilvate Stephens. Twenty-fourth
Field Eatterj". ' . . ■...-.
120-yard hurdle — First. Corporal Hunt. Sixty
fifth Company. coa6t artillery. In 19 4-5 sec
onds; second. Corporal Jones, Sixty-flfth
Company, coast artillery. ' .
Three-legged race — Hunt and Jones of the
Slxty-flfth Company, in 15 2-5 seconds; second,
Plrtie and Goad. One Hundred and Fifth
Company, ccast artillery.
The relay race was won by the Twenty
fourth Field Battery In 3 minutes 48 2-5 sdc
onde; second, Sixty-flfth Company, and third,
the team from the Sixty-sixth Company, con
sisting: of Private White, Corporal Sloat, Pri
vate Kinjrsbury and Private West.
The referee was Lieutenant C. E. Brighan,
artillery corps, and the officer in charge of the
sports Colonel R. H. Patterson. The. Judges
were Captain- H. T. Patton, Captain • L. V.
Coleman and Captain F.' C. Jewell, and the
timekeepers Lltutenant . R. F. McMillan and
Lieutenant L. C. Edwards.-.
The inquiry board ordered to act
upon the case of Lieutenant G. S. Rich
ards Jr. met again yesterday in the
Phelan building and perrected organ
ization. •
The case will not be taken up again
until after the ; holidays. '
Judge Advocate Henry M. Morrow re
turned yesterday from Vancouver Bar
racks. Wash., where he has been for
the last seven weeks on the court-mar
tial case of Paymaster Harry L. Rees.
He also visited Seattle. ' It was the
first time that. Major. Morrow.. has been
back to Vancouver since he left there
twenty years ago, where : his 'father.
Colonel Morrow, was at that time the
commanding officer of the Twenty-first
Infantry. Major Morrow resumed his
duties yesterday as judge advocate of
this c^partment.
. I/euteru.nt C. W. Tillotson. battalion
quartermaster and commissary. Nine
teenth Infantry, from Vancouver l!ar
riiekfe, registered at department head
quarters yesterday. Lieutenant TiUot
«~n brought prisoners from Vancouver
for Alcasiaz Island.
Don't -Worry
About . what to,, give for a -present. All
the departments "bustle", with t good
things, stationery., picture frames, toilet
cases and novelties of every description.
Sanborn, Vail &.Co.. 741 Market street. •
FKENCH PERJURERS FREED
BY COURT OF APPEALS
Men Who Gave False Testimony Con
cerning Death of Charles Fair
and Wife Released.
PARIS, .Dec. 22. — The Court of
Criminal Appeals • has reversed the
lower court's decision condemning
Masse and Moranne to three years' im
prisonment for perjury in the Fair
.will case. The Appellate Court sus
tained the prisoners' plea that as the
Fair case was compromised without
trial in the United States their alleged
false testimony was not used in the
American courts and therefore worked
no injury.
Masse and Moranne testified that
they saw Mr. and Mrs. Fairythrown
from their automobile. Other, testi
mony showed that they were not pres
ent, but that they so represented them
selves, hoping to get a trip to America.
They were j sentenced to three years'
Imprisonment each.
ENDEAVORS TO
SEE CHILDREN
Former Wife of King Fred
erick Augustus Pays Un
expected Visit to Palace
REFUSED ADMITTANCE
Princess Escorted to the
Depot in Dresden by Cheer
ing Crowd of Sympathizers
DRESDEN, Dec 22.— The former
Crown Princess Louise arrived here un
expectedly to-day. Accompanied by a
lawyer, 'she proceeded to Taschenberg
Palace and asked to be permitted to
see her children. Permission, however,
was peremptorily refused, and the
Princess announced her intention of
leaving Dresden this afternoon. King
Frederick Augustus, who is on a shoot
ing excursion, has been informed of the
arrival of his former wife.
The Princess voluntarily left the city
this afternoon for Leipsic. An immense
cheering crowd escorted her to the rail
road, station. The Princess, who had
written to the King that unless he
granted her oft-repeated request to see
her children she would attempt to see
them without his permission, arrived
here unexpectedly from Vienna last
night with a woman companion.
The police were informed and then
the ministry sent a telegram to the
King at.Pillnitz, who directed that she
should on no account be admitted to
the. palace, but that she should not be
arrested unless she became violent.
The Princess went alone to one of the
entrances of the Palace, on Theater
square, at 9 o'clock In the morning,
dressed in mourning. A lieutenant of
police saluted the Princess and told her
quietly, that it would be # impossible for
her to. enter the palace. ; > : V:
The former Crown Princess stood on
the steps trembling and a few guards
and policemen who surrounded her
thought she' was about to fall. The
Princess recovered herself somewhat
and said three or four times: "Please
let me see my children."
The lieutenant replied that his orders
were, peremptory and offered to walk
with her to the Hotel Bellevue.
She returned to her hotel, received no
one and lunched in her room. In the
meantime many hundreds of persons
collected- in the neighborhood of the ho
tel. Dr. Sexme, the attorney of the
former Crown Princess, called and to
gether they drove to the railroad sta
tion and took a train for Leipsic, de
signing to return to Vienna.
Public sympathy runs in favor of the
request of the Princess to see her chil
dren once a year, as the German law
provides in the case of mothers di
vorced for the most flagrant offenses.
The ministry was much disturbed
over thej.posslbility of popular disturb
ances and assembled at mid-day to
consider the measures that might be
necessary. The. police were directed to
notify the Princess that she must leave
the city by 4 p. m. and that she would
not be allowed to communicate with
any one except her attorney. The Prin
cess sent a letter to the Court Marshal
asking if, she could visit her children
and after receiving an answer In the
negative she left Dresden on the next
train. ' *V
Removed. to rm. 45, Phelan bids. Danlcheff
Glove,- formerly 121' Grant ave. C. Limousin.*
NEW TURBINE STEAM SHIP
IS. LAUNCHED AT GLASGOW
Vessel Is Sister Ship of the Vic
torian and Is Nearly 500
Feet Long.
GLASGOW, Dec. 22. — The new Al
lan'line turbine steamship Virginian
was launched here to-day. She is a
sister ship of the Victorian.
The Victorian was launched at Bel
fast on August 25. She Is of about
12,000 -tons gross, of about 10,000
horsepower and is upward of BOO feet
long. .
ADVEKTlSli^tENTSL
GIRL'S IDENTITY
STILL UNKNOWN
Officers • Fail in Their Ef
fortsjto:Solve the Cutler
MQuutaiF"Murder T Mysterj'
POISON YIAL IS FOUND
Bottle;; Bearing Partially
Destroyed Label Picked Up
Near -Scene of the Crime
COLORADO SPRINGS. Colo., Dec.
22. — Several, clews were run down by
the officers 'to-day 'without establishing
the Identity of the young woman mur
dered on Qutler. Mountain. Mrs, Mamie
Swift, .who disappeared from this city
four weeks ago, was -located to-day at
the home of her brother In Victor. Mrs.
Sadie Durant of Pueblo is still missing,
but the officers. do not believe she was
the murdered woman. City Marshal
Cree of .Manitou reported to-day the
disappearance of a young woman, an
Invalid, who, prior to three weeks ago.
was living in a tent on the outskirts of
that town. ; - - .
This afternoon men began dragging
In the : Portland mill reservoir in the
hope of finding the murdered woman's
clothing. This work was undertaken
because a strip of blood-stained muslin
had been found in < the reservoir.
A statement made to-day by J. M.
Davis, keeper of the toll gate at Chey
enne Canyon, raises a strong presump
tion that the . murder was committed
about 3 o'clock Sunday afternoon, De
cember , 18. " . . .
"I remember distinctly hearing a shot
fired on lthe_ other, side, of the, cliff in
front of the toll gate about that hour,"
said Davis.'. "The reason I noticed it
was because it is against the law to
shoot In the canyon." -
City Detective McReynolds has dis
covered the first real clew In the mur
der mystery that the officers have had
to work -:on since the discovery of the
body of the unknown woman. The
clew consists of a one-ounce bottle la
beled poison, which was found within
fifty feet of the spot where the body of
the murdered, girl was discovered. The
label, though partially destroyed, is be
lieved to be' sufficient to lead the de
tectives-to the druggist who sold the
poison and may eventually lead to the
capture of the murderer.
-In the immediate vicinity of the bot
tle was found a linen handkerchief of
ordinary size, hemstitched, and bearing
In the corner the laundry mark "D.
I. C."
Officers are making a careful search
for the missing portion of the label
from the bottle. This label is the regu
lation red lx>ison label, but from the
center had been scratched the major
portion of the name of the druggist and
the address.
For Your Best Girl.
" Ebony comb and brush sets, toilet
cases, triplicate mirrors and a wonderful
variety of beautiful toilet articles. San
born. Vail & Col. 741 Market street. •
KIGIIT OF JEWS TO HAVE
riAJRAlr WIVES INVOLVED
Hebrew Convicted of Polygamy Ap
peals on Ground' That the Tal
mud Authorizes Practice.
ODESSA, Dec. 22. — The question
whether Jews are prohibited by their
religion from -contracting plural mar
riages has been raised in the case of
a man named Cronstein, convicted of
polygamy, owing to his taking advan
tage of the Russian law, which recog
n;zed :the legality of plural marriages
where the religion of the contracting
party authorizes it. --
Cronstein appealed, alleging that al
though the practice. was discontinued
in' Western- countries, .the Jews were
following 'the'.teaching of Gershon, as
authorized ;by the Talmud, and the
patriarchs, David. Solomon, etc., and
that the. practice was now being fol
lowed by .the Israelites In the moun
tains of * the, Caucausus. The court al
lowed -the - appeal • and i summoned a
rabbi to .-'give expert ' testimony.
ADVERTISE.MEXTS.
| Our January Clearance
...in...
December
! j<p^ , mum.'
On all goods in our No-
| tions, Dry Goods, Ladies'
and Children's Wear and
Household Departments.
Don't fcil to take advantage of
this exceptional opportunity.
Give as a c ill and convince
yourself. Satisfaction is our aim.
One visit to ocr store makes
you a customer.
Open evenings till Christmas.
j
i Smiths' Cash Store
Uacorporated)
■ 25 Msrkcl Si. Phone Exch. 563
i ' ; ' ; —
Have JL
You
jcc?/2 Tire
Christmas
News Letter?
128 PACIS I
25 CENTS
Better than a Chr'slmis Card
to send to friends abroad. :
| FRENCH SAVINGS BANK
315 Montromery Street-
! facilal paid ui % 600,000
k mdeeds paid to depositary . (.656,228
CHAS. CARPY. President.
ARTKTm UZGALLET. Vi; ; Pr«sideat.
LEON BC>CwL'fc:RAZ. S«cretary. ■
JOHN GINTY. Asst. Secretary.
| DZBSCTOBS:
I Dr. E. Arttsuez. Cha^Cai-py. L*cn KaufTmaa.
[ O. Bozlo, J. B. Clct. A. Rocs.
i Leon Bccqueraz, J. M. ljupi«, A. 1^k.I>'..
' J. A. Bergerct. J. S. Ooi<>au. J. J. Mack.
Inter?ft paid on drpo>lt^. T»ans made oo
. Real Entate and approved securities.
! /) visit DR. JORDAN'S qrcat $
OF fiSfiTOHY^
/) C& ::;iMi2zi;:r.:i:5i*7i,s.r::^i
J \ i J TSm Larntt AatteirU*! Mu-eura ia the \
'/ jj Jr.i_^ World. >(Hkr.enn or imf fwitic-ii /§
O )JcC5I ipe=vi»:oa ta. Coik. Est. 36 yean. 9
0 i^St\ °"' J^OAM-C'SHASES OF UIH A
\ t/^^?n Co^ma;nit>«i fr«« «nd it1<-:!t priT»tr. \
: y a Lr "vl H f+"**» Cmrm ia i»«S7 z*:e Mia-nrniea. T
' nPH lit' w '-*e 1°* p».e. raae^nravtf A
' V • a t* ntnmtac. »»ii» raxt. (a"
V OB.JOBD4.N at <JO.. 19S1 U«rS»tSt.S. F. 9
j -
i J *d@^&£iB MENANDWOME?!.
i *&*&rVC****t£l C«» Blj Oiortinnatonvl
I Ae? la It. a dirv^Bf dlica»rj»».lofl*n.m»tloai.
Mtt33f Oaarmatoc4 T3 Iriltatianc or nlrerattoat
Nkj \»t u mrtmn. of niietat mtaibrtn**.
; r>«»a*i c.tm.i... PilnlaM, and not utrla-
! My«lTH!SU»SCHEH£».C3. ( »nt or pciaonon*
! \0*&. CJ!C«UTI.rKS?g Bcld by DratZtat*
' V.U.A. 2'Si or »">t in »laln »r«jp«.
tt oo. or S b«tUaa «.:v
" M Circular aast «a raaaort.
OCEAN TRAVEL. ■
e Steamers of comraaj. or
for which It is arent. leav*
Piers » and 11. Saa Frma-
For Katehikan. VTr»rnet.
Jun»au. Treadwetl. Halaea.
Skaruay. etc.. AUaia— 11 a.
m.. Dec. 1«. 21. 2«. 31. Jan.
ft. Change to this company's
steamers at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancoover. Port Towrweni.
Seattle. Tacorr.a. Everett. South Bei:in<!t«xn.
Belllnnham— 11 a. m.. Dec. 16. 21. 2*. 31. Jan.
5. Change at Seattle to this company's steam-
ers for Alaska and O. N. Ry. : at S«attla or
Tt»ma to N. P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C.
I P. Ry.
1 Ft Srreia {Hti.KCTrr; uayr^Pomoaa, 1 :3O
: p. m.. D*c. IS. 24. 30. Jan. 3. Corona, 1:30
p. m.. Dec. 15. 21. 27. Jan. 2.
For Los Anreles (via Port Los Angeles aa4
Redondo). fan Diego and Santa Barbara—*
Santa Rosa. Sundays, » a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Lou Anxeles (via San Pedro and E**t
San Pedro). Santa. Barbara. Santa Crai. Msa-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucoa. Port Harford (Saa
Lais Obtspo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Kor.'tn. 9 a. rn.. Dec. 17. 2S, Jan. 2.
Cooa Bay. 0 a. nt.. Dec. 21. 29. Jan 9.
I For Enaenada. Majrtatena Bay. Saa Jow» dn|
I Cabo. Mazattan. Altata. La Pax. Santa Rosalia.
! O»y=a» IMex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each nvmta.
I for further information obtain folder. Right
is rwjnrrt to chang» steamers or salHng dates
TICKET OPriCES — 4 New Mor.txara-
ery et. <Pi^ie* Hctel). 10 Market at., and Bread-
way wharves. Preig-fct O21c« 10 Marirt rt.
C. D. DVXAXN. O«n»ral Pass»n«er Aicent.
1O Market at., fan Francisco.
■ The Pactflc Transfer Co.. 2« Setter at..- will
e«ll fcr and check bargac* from hotels and
' residences. Telephcne Kzrhange 312.
oceanics.sxo.E««vS
S. R. VENTtTRA. fcr Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. FrtAar. Dec. O, * ». m.
S. £. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Dec. 31.- 11 ant
[ S. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Dec. 31, 11 a. m. .■
j.r!fFEicins4BEo;. ca, Aiti.ncin02r.5n iv- '
> til Intel caa 327 mm si. ft;r J. Pa;ii: ;:
COX?AejTIS SS5SBALS TS15SiTLiirT:QV2.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE- PARIS. '
8allU.c cv^ry Thursday Inat-a4 at 4aCuTr»>
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier -<S^= W
: 42 North niv»r. fcot of Morton at. • «.. ■
First claaa u> Havre. $7O and upward. ■•*-
end class to Havre. $*5 an<l upward. OSN-
ERA1, AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 82 Brcadway <Hud»on buildlniK
New Terfc. J. K. ri'GAZI A CO.. Paelflc Coast
Ag*nts. 5 Montgomery mvenxie. San Francisco.
Tickets »o!d by all Railroad Tlck't Aginta.
•' ' Ter 13. S. WaTT T«xd *a4 Vall-1o.
Stra General Friable. Montic?lio and Arrow.
0-4S a.m.. 12:30 m.. 3:15 p.m.. B p.a».. »:J0 p.
ni.- Eucdays. 0:ii a.m.. 12::i«noon. C p.m..
S-30 p m. I^eave Va»*Jo. 7 a.m.. ft a.m.. < 12:30
m . 3:13 p.m. (*3:43 u.m. Saturday*. «.p.m.
Sundays. 7 a.m.. 9 a.m.. 3:20 p m.. « p.m. Pier
2 foot Mission St.: phone Main IMS. HATCH
B*RO3. " r
. ~ " ' ————— ; .
. Tor TJ. B. K»tt T«xa aafl Vallsio. ,-
Etmr H. J. CORCORAN leaves - norm «n<J
Ferry bid... foot of Clay st.. 10 a.m., »:.*>
p.m.; Sur.days. 1<> a.m.. S p.m. Leav*
Vallejo, Aden's wbsrf. 7:15 a.m.. 2:.'J0 p.m.;
6'inda-« 7:15 i-nv. 5 p.m. Fare 23c tack wmjr.
PIPER, ADEN. COODAXI. CO.
56
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
BANK DIRECTOR IS DISCHARGED
STOCKHOLDERS EVICT H. C. MORRIS
He Says His Boldness in Accusing Officer
of Forgery Cost Him Position.
OAKLAND. Dec. 22.— The stockhold
ers of the Central Bank met to-day and
voted to remove H. C. Morris from the
directory of th«» institution, but did not
fill his x»!ace.
This is the result of friction that has
existed in the bank directory for near
ly a year, and the meeting that was
held to-day was called for the specific
purpose of removing Mr. Morris.
A* soon as Mr. Morris received his
notice as a stockholder announcing
that the meeting was called for the
purpose of removing him as a director
he issued a circular to the stockhold
er*, in which he made charges of forg
ery against one of the officers of the
bank, though he.mentionad no names.
This circular caused the trouble and
brought the carefully guarded friction
to light. The circular read:
OAKLAND. Cal., Dec. 19, 1904.— To the
Stockholders of tbe Central Bank: Tou have
<!oubU« sb rtr«":v«»<l notice of a Fpecial meeting
cf the '.Vntral Hank to be held December 22,
Z-" i. to take truo consideration and act upen
the question of my removal from the office of
director of the Central Bank. The principal
reason fcr men action is as follows:
Scone little tine after our annual meeting,
held In March laxt, I became convinced that
POLICE GATHER
DATA ON SIGNS
Prepare to Enforce the May
or's Orders Touching He
nioYal of All Obstructions
Oakland office San Francisco Call.
1016 Broadway. Dec. 22.
The rolice have begun to gather evi
dence ujion which to enforce the order
of Mayor Warren Olney concerning the
removal of all street and sidewalk ob-
Etructions in the shape of advertising
eigns, bill boartds, bicycle racks and the
like that blockage the thoroughfares of
It is intended to cause the offending
obstructions to be removed by mer
chants and others, -without prosecu
tion, if possible. Mayor Olney says he
appreciates that there will be some ex
pense attached to the enforcement of
the t-iffn order, but he is satisfied that
in the long run the reform will find
unanimous support.
To facilitate the carrying out of the
order, the police are collecting facts
touching the character of the signs,
both as to those . that are on
the sidewalks or are suspended from
buildings. The intention is to order the
removal of all projecting boards or
other devices that might be construed
as obstructions or a menace to the pub
lic.
Chief Hodgkins detailed policemen to
day to measure signs of the character
to which objection will be made after
the holidays, wh"n the police have been
instructed to begin the sign crusade.
Mayor Olney has given notice two
weeks in advance that merchants shall
have ample time in which to meet the
conditions voluntarily. Along the same
lines it is. understood that more strict
enforcement of municipal ordinances
touching the use of sidewalks for mer
(handise storage will be Invoked. The
Mayor said he was strongly impressed
with the fact that the city requires
many minor reforms along this line in
keeping with the rapid growth and
steady increase in population.
Street Inspector W. W. Blair. has
been directed by Mayor Olney to notify
every person whose signs might be
cla£S,£jd.a3 obstructions. -;-i
YOITH BJESEXTS BLOW •
RECEIVED FOR SERVICE
Complaint Agnlret If. M. \Vatertmry»
IJvery Stahle Man. Is Sequel to
"Bloody li\z" Affair.
BERKELEY. Dec. 22. — J. C. Alden,
fL^ed 17, obtained a warrant -to-day
for the arrest of George Waterbury.
proprietor of the Waterbury stables,
who is charged with slapping Alden's
face wlies the boy returned one of
Waterbury's turnouts, which he had
found. Waterbury pave ball and will
be arraigned on Tuesday.
The horse and buggy which got Al
den into trouble were found by him
last Sunday on San Pablo avenue, near
Sixty-sixth Btreet. The bMggry was
biood-stained and the horse was ex
hausted. Alden was asked by Water
bury to pay the money for livery hire
and refused, saying he had brought
the outfit back as an act of kindness.
He was then struck by the irate livery
!nan, he says, and made to leave bart
hecded, in great distress, ■ • '.' ;
The bloody livery "rig" in the ve
hicle that fo excited the Oakland po
lice last Sunday, they believing that
It was - connected In some way with
the disappearance of the murderer of
Policeman Brown.
Royal Arch Ma.sons* Election.
At the annual election of San Fran
cisoo Chapter No. 1, Royal Arch Ma
sons, on Monday evening:, the follow*
iiig officers were elected: High priest,
Gustave Gunzendorf; king:, Ernst
A. Buchse; scribe, Frederick L.
Wight; treasurer, Benjamin Harris;
secretary, Henry G. Prince. The in
stallation of these and the appointed
offleers will . take place on Monday
evening. January 9, in Masonic Tem
ple, when an elaborate programme
will be given, concluding with a ban
quet. San Francisco Chapter , is the
mother chapter of the Pacific Coast
itn«1 enters upon its fifty-fifth year
of existence. It is one' of tlm ; .oldest
JdaFonic bodies west of the Mississippi
River Kim maBOBKBBSwm
there hud been some unlawful act committed
in connection with cur election at that tim».
As a director and stockholder. I deemed It
my duty to commence an investigation, which
resulted In discloflng the fact that forger)'
had b^n committed. The forger is known,
and the proof of his guilt is beyond question.
I then went before the board of directors and
rorrr.al!y charged the guilty party with forgery.
1 heve tried to *ave this men dismissed frcm
the service of the bank for 1 deem it very
dan&ercus to keep a man in the employ of the
bank wtio Is guilty of such conduct. It was
unnecessary to call this meeting of the stock
holder*, for I have repeatedly made the propo
vitl'.n that lhe directors should appoint a com
mittee to investigate thet>e chargeti^ and If I
did net prove that thle man wax guilty, of
forgery I would resign voluntarily. 1 now ve
quest^ and urge upon you the necessity of at
tending this meeting In person, as the action
then ijkf:: will have a vital bearing on the
future value of your stock and the prosperity
cf the bank. .-If I am expelled from the board
of directors for daring to do my duty to the
»tockhold?r<> of tils bink In exposing and de
nouncing jrrrorn? doing it will be a lasting re
flection on thi* institution end its stockholders.
It If of tlit utmost importance that you at
tend this mating and there become person
ally informed of tbe exact facts of this assault
vpen nr.e. your trustee.
Are you aware that the proxies obtained and
used at ill" special meeting to revise the by
laws were a new form, perpetual In character,
and Rood to vote forever at any stockholders,'
meeting of the Central Bank unless especially
reveked? A large proportion of thes* proxies
are in the hands of one man. which makes
him virtually the whole bank. I believe these
proxies, which were obtained ostensibly to
r»"v!*e the by-law*, were really obtained to be
u?ed at the meeting called for December 22,
EMANUEX CHURCH HOLDS
CHRISTMAS CELEBKATIOX
Ixmg and Varied ProfframniQ Delights
I^arse Crowd Assembled at the
Annual Festival.
The annual Christmas celebration
of the Emanuel Evangelical Church,
held last night, was a delightful af
fair in even' way. The building was
crowded to the doors. The following
programme was rendered:
Soar, "Stille Xacht," Xo. 36 aubeltonf):
prayer. F. \V. Flrcher: coca by choir; r«nark»
by surwrimendeiit: "Just Be-fore Christmas,"
nalpH»r?rovrn; "How Santa Ciaus Nearly For
got Vs." Emc*i Eehre; recitation. Edith Wat
son; recitation. Edgar Strohmaier; son&. "Joy
lo the Worl.l." Xo. 1S8; Miss Fischer's German
class; recitation. "The Bad Little Boy." Ed
win Granicher; recitation. Christie Strohmaier;
dialogue. -The Lonjrest Day In All the Tear,"
MilU-n McMunn and Fred Demon: class song:,
Mrs. Born> clasp : recitation. "Little Jack Hcr
ner," Roby Brown; recitation. "At Our
School. '• Willie R-Jhru; "A Little Boy On Our
Ptrf*t." Gladys Hobart; dlalcfrue, "Christmas
Wi»h." Ruth Otto, Lucille Granicher, Hasel
Devcto. Alberta Kirk; "Lights of Christmas,"
Mary \Vi»e; "The. Farmer and jthe Maiden."
Kuth Scott; choir t>ong. German -song; recita
tion. Hrrald Zwick: "Jingle Bell*," Theresa
Kuppers; dialogue by six Kirls. 'The Mourn
ers"; sou* "Santa Claus," Eva Wise; dialogue.
"Gretchen."' Mabel Kraskr and Hazel Devoto;
recitation. "Christmas Chcral." Ella Lukrof-r
*=ky; song by" Clarence Krone; recitation. "A
Roy's Pocket." Maine McGowan: recitation.
•'Pence . On Earth." Lucile McMunn; song,
"Hail, Father Christmas," Bernice Berde; dla
lc*uo_ "Counting Tour Chickens Before They
are Hatrhed," Eddie Theodore Krasky and Wat.
ler Lear; recitation, Marti Strohmaier; recita
tion. Charles Wise; "The Rainbow/* Mr. Alns
ler> claw; lighting or tree and collection; "Ten
Virgins."
SAX FRANCISCO NOW HAS
CUSTOMER IN THE CANAL
Op|»ortunlty Is Offered to Send Sub
sistence Supplies and Tools
? to Big Ditch.
Business men In this city will now
have a chance to compete for-con
tracts to furnish subsistence supplies,
plumbing tools, etc., to the Panama
Canal Commissioners. The Manu
facturers' . and Producers' Association
and the Chamber of Commerce of San
Francisco received from the commis
sion yesterday forms of proposals for
supplying the goods, and the forms
may be obtained. on application at the
offices of these two organizations in
the Merchants* Exchange building.
The bids will be opened at Washing
ton. D. C. on January 18. The goods
must' be delivered at Colon or La
Boca. The chance to bid was secured
largely through the efforts of the
Manufacturers' and Producers' Asso
ciation. The first lumber for use on
the line of the canal has already been
forwarded from this port to the Pa
cific Coast terminus of the canal, as
proposed.
SAN JOSE POLICEMAN •',
FACES ; SERIOUS CHARGES
Newspaper Man Accuses Him of Be
ing Dnink While on Duty and
Acting: In Rude Manner.
SAX JOSE, Dec, 22.— Policeman W.
Kelley has been suspended on com
plaint of Thodore Lowe, editor of the
Raven, . a monthly, publication. Lowe
alleges that Kelley held him up in the
street as a suspicious character, drew
his pistol and threatened to. shoot him.
Kelley is also accused of being drunk
while on duty.
Lowe, who lives at Evergreen'; Park,
near Mayfield, remained in town last
night to do some office work, and early
this morning went to the postoffice to
mall a letter. At San Fernando and
First streets Officer Kelley stopped
him. Lowe says Kelley was offensive
and under the influence of liquor. After
Lowe got away .from the officer he re
ported the matter at the police office
and KeUey was then relieved of his
star. Charges will be preferred against
him. »
MYSTERIOUS STABBING
AFFRAY IX SOUTHLAND
John Curtis, Formerly of Oakland, Is
Fatally Wounded by Sidney Mee
at San Bernardino.
SAN BERXARDINO, Dec. 22.—Sid
ney Me?,' member of a; well-known
family here, to-night attacked John
Curtis, who Is believed to be a resident
of Oakland, and stabbed him three
times in the left side, inflicting fatal
wounds. No cause for the assault is
known.
Mee says he will kill Curtis on sight
should Curtis recover, from the wounds
inflicted. Curtis has been too' low since
the cutting to make a statement. It is
believed that there is considerable of a
sensational nature back of the affair.
Before Mee was overpowered by offl-'
cors he slashed at bis throat ; with a
knife, but his, arm was thrown up and
the blade, laid open his, right temple.
THE SAN FRANCISCO XALLv; FRIDAY. .DECEMBER 23. 1904.
1904 to remove me from the board of directors.
H. C. MORRIS.
This caused no end of trouble, but
when the meeting was held this after
noon the stockholders voted for the re
moval of Morris. Each side haying
fired one shot they are now waiting for
the next move.
Though no names, are mentioned in
the circular it is supposed that the
man referred to is W. G. Palmanteer,
vice president and general manager of
the bank, but this Morris will not say.
After the meeting Morris declined to
talk, on the ground that he would not
be accused of trying to injure the bank
through publicity. He said:
•'I have nothing to say except that I
was removed from office to-day. I ex
pected that. I must refuse to talk, be
cause if any injury results to'the bank
from this I am not going to be charged
with it."
General Manager Palmanteer was
equally uncommunicative. Baying:
"What goes on in a bank is the affair
of the stockholders, not of« the public.
Mr. Morris is no longer connected with
the directory of the bank. The reasons
for this are ' known to the stockhold
ers."
SAYS PRISONS
ASSIST CRIME
Commissioner Fitzgerald of
the State Board Deems
Present System a Poor One
ALAMEDA, Dec. 22.— Robert M. Fitz
gerald, president of the State Board of
Prison Commissioners, characterizes
the two penitentiaries of California un
der their present management as "uni
versities for education in crime" and
entirely Inadequate as means of at
taining the ends for which they were
instituted. He also asserted that he
was in favor of some system that
would prevent confirmed criminals
from propagating their own kind, as he
believed that most of the lawless taint
In convicts was directly heredltaryT
Mr. Fitzgerald expressed these views
in a talk on "Prison Reform" made be
fore the Unitarian Club last night. Con
tinuing he said:
California's State prisons to-day axe noth
ing short of a disgrace to the commonwealth.
The same methods are in vogue as were used
on prison boats fllty years ajro. Under present
conditions physical punishment is the only
way to reach certain criminals and enforce
prUon discipline. At San Quentin If one
man refuses to work in tbe Jute, mill *800
other convicts watch to see whether he or
the officials will triumph. If the unruly pris
oner wins there is a revolt. He feels that he
Is regarded as a hero by his fellow convicts
and there are prisoners who would rather
die than submit to discipline that would
lewer them in the estimation of their fellows
But there is nothing heroic in beins con
fined In a straltjacket. It Is more of a
mental than a physical torture and a man
could live Indefinitely In one. In the European
prisons each convict is by himself and when
he revolts against his work none of the other
convicts knows of it. There is -no heroism
about it and no general revolt. We want an
appropriation to build an additional prison
at Folsom, so that we can segregate the crim
it-als. If we were able to take a certain 6
per cent from among the others the remainder
could bevcontrolled as easily as children. I
think that much of the opium traffic at the
piieons is due to the small salary paid the
guards — $50 a month and found. When they
have an opportunity of making »everal hundred
dollars a month, as some of them have done
their $50 stipend looks meager and they cannot
resist the temptation to break the rules and
gather 1n the extra cash.
BOYS CELEBRATE CLOSE -
OF THE SCHOOL YEAR
Interesting Exercises Are Held at St.
Joseph's Academy at Peralta
Park, Berkeley.
BERKELEY. Dec. 22. — The clos
ing exercises of' St. Joseph's Academy
were held last night in the academy
hall at Peralta Park, the programme
marking the close of a prosperous
term. Since the removal of .the acad
emy to its present commodious quar
ters the classes have Increased in size,
students having come from all parts
of California and the neighboring
States, and even from Mexico.
Following are the names of the stu
dents who' received testimonials for
proficiency in their school work for
the year, and the programme of "the
exercises last night:
Academic department— Ines J. Peiro Jameg
J. Lee. Beverly A. i.undy, Otto J. Graff Ous
tave A. Colson, Ed U: Tompkinson, John A.
FentoD.
Intermediate department— Joseph P Con
nolly. John E. Calnon, Ambrose J. Mahony
J . am ,S?. M - P' H^ ra> Vlctor A - Westerberg. John
A. Flinn, St. George C. de Lafltte, I>noard W.
Butler, Joseph A. Bourda. Cornelius IX Mc-
Carthy. Henry D. Meyer. Joseph Torris, Charles
J. Westerberir. Charles J. >. J. Brennan - ■
Preparatory department — Kerwln L. Phillips
George P. Halms, , Vincent F. Cooney, John do
LaStte. Thomaa J. Sullivan. El wood W
Haynes. Bertram J. O'Brien, Raymond E Lan
ham, Frederick C. Lunn, Edward Van der Xall
len. Raymond Torapklnson, Myron Madden
Ix>uls V. Carroll. Peter H. O"Hare, Edward K*
Murphy. Edney J. Harton. Olson M. Haviside'
Robert J. Graff. Ira F. O^Xeil,
Primary department— Francis Caron Jeffer
son Butler.' Ed W. Wall. Robert R. Smith
John W. Grannis, Stanley A. Dunnigan Ray
mond C. Smith. Lloyd A. Smith, Joseph V.
Torres, • Henry A. Brokmeyer, Charles II. Mc-
Carthy. Henry LousUunan. Melford R. Kaza,
Irvln W. Burrs, Robert C. Truman. "
Academy Orchestra: recitations — Ed W.
Wall. Jefferson Butler; chorus, . Acad'my
Choir: recitations — Raymond Smith. Robert P
Smith. Irvln Burns; solo, Joeeph A. , Bourda:
recitations — John de Lafltte, • Robert Graft;
concert, '•American. , Patriot,'.' .. '. preparatory
class; chorus. Academy , Choir; .recitations
Fred L.unn. Edney Harton; Academy Orchfetra
tableau,"Three Kings"; shepherds — Joseph A
Bcurda, Ambrose J. Mahoney, Walter Crone;
three kings— George de LaHtte. .Nicholas ;Cle
cak. Harold Nash; . angel. .Atvln Barkmyer;
Academy Orthestra;. distribution of i premiums
and testimonials by Rev. Father Genebern
■■ MARRIAGE LICENSES.— Oakland. - Dec. 22.
The following marriage 'licenses were Issued
by the; County Clerk to-day: William H.
Ergle, 32. and Ida I.. Preston, SO.' . both of
Benlcla; John J. Lucey. 24, • and Tlllle Simp
son, 21. both of San Francisco: Charles Wahl
2+. and • Alice Tierney. 22.* both of San Kran
eisco; Bert" C Henshaw. 21. *nnd -Eva"- M
Campbell. IS, both of San Francisco: Karl
A. Headbere. over 21. and Elizabeth v B. \Vlt
tlek.~over IS. both of Alameda; 'Benjamin -E.
Whitmarvh. 22. Portland, . Or., and -Alice Jc.
Plunhctt.'. 2ir. S-an.' Francisco- ;.;v'! .,.'.*.". -
VICTORY FOR
CONTRA COSTA
Judge Ellsworth Intimates
Water Company Is Entitled
to Nonsuit Niehaus Bros.
ASK $146,000 DAMAGES
Berkeley Millmen Would Ee
cover for the Loss of Mill
"That Was Not Protected
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Dec/ 22.
According to the Intimation given by
Judge Ellsworth this evening, he does
not think that a water company is re
sponsible for a loss by fire on account
of a lack of water in the pipes. He
has given Attorney W. S. Goodfellow
until December 30 to find any-authority
that will change his view on this sub
ject, but as the matter now stands he
says that he believes that the Contra
Costa Water Company is entitled to"a
nonsuit in* the; action brought against
It by the Niehaus Brothers Company
of Berkeley for $146,000 damages.
There Is no California decision bear
ing directly upon. the point, but after
an entire day of argument by Attor
neys Samuel Knight ana M. C. Chap
man Judge Ellsworth declared that he
did not think that a water company
could be held blamable If the water was
being used to such an extent that there
was no force at the hydrants. .. While
he admits that' the Niehaus Brothers
■were paying for fire protection and had
seven hydrants in different parts of
their mill which was destroyed, he does
not think this such a contract that the
company can be held, liable ,for the lack
of pressure or for. any" more water than
the system can ordinarily supply.
It is the contention of the. plaintiffs
that having collected the money at so
much a hydrant for fire protection, the
company was responsible when the pro
tection was not there when , needed.
OAKLAND LEADS
IN ITS HEALTH
Mortality Kate Put at an
Extremely Low Figure on
New Population Estimates
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Dec. 22.
Dr. Edward von Adelung, Health Of
ficer of Oakland, has. compiled data
upon which he .finds the population of
this city to be 93,250. Using this as a
basis, the Health Department has Is
sued a statement showing the mortal
ity rate for 1904 to be 11.44 for each 1000
at population." This rate is so far below
that of three other large cities of Cali
fornia that it places Oakland way In
the lead from a hygienic standpoint.
Comparisons as to 'death rates are
made by the Health Department 'as fol
lows, the figures being the deaths for
each thousand persons:
Oakland, 11.44; Sacramento, 16.60; Los
Angeles, 16.78; San Francisco, 20.15.
The estimates of population upon
which Dr." von Adelung has taken his
figures are as follows:
Registration office. 97,000; Board of
Trade estimate, 97,000; School Depart
ment estimate, 95,000; Oakland Free Li
brary estimate, 93,000; Sanitary Inspec
tors' estimate, 90,500; City Auditor's es
timate, 90,000.
' The Health Officer accepted these fig
ures as very conservative. He did not
Include the. Important estimate of 105,
686, made by F. M. Husted, publisher of
the city directory, because he did not
waot to appear in a position where, by
any possibility, he could be accused of
undue booming. ,
TEAMSTER CLINGS TO
. WAGOX TONGUE FOR LIFE
Berkeley Man's Narrow Escape From
Death — Wild Leap for
Q~ '-; Safety.
BERKELEY, Dec. 22.— r Two team
sters of Berkeley narrowly- escaped
death to-day. One of them. B. Tay
tcn, lies at his home in South Berkeley
suffering from internal injuries that
may cause death. Tayton jumped
from asteam roller at Grove and Par
ker, streets when he saw a trolley car
approaching, falling between the car
and roller, and was picked up with his
jaw broken, skull fractured and ap
parently: suffering from , internal in
juries.
George ,,. Morris, a teamster, em
ployed - by. Foss & Co., stepped from
his wagon, seat to. pick up the reins,
which had fallen to the ground, and at
that moment the horses lunged and
ran., Morris clung, , to the wagon
tongue for a- distance^ of .three blocks.
The horses were stopped when they
ran into a coal car. standing on Shat
tuck avenue. .Morris was not injured,
save for a few scratches.
IMPROVING CITY PRISON.— Oakland. Dec.
32.— Work of remodeling - and enlarging the
City Prison for the better handling of juvenile
end women prisoners was begun to-day. The
repainting of the City Hall has also begun.
FREE ..'.'" ". FREE
PLUM PUDDINGS
MINCE MEAT.
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
ARMOUR. ,
PACKING COMPANY'S
. FAMOUS BRANDS.
Free ; With Every Small Ad . in
Sunday, Call.
See Small Ad Page. for Further
IBHBB& Particulars. -
CUPID'S DARTS
MEET OBSTACLE
East Oakland Romance Sup
plied With a Chapter That
Reads of Gory Threatening
POLICE ARE INVOKED
Attentions Said to Have Been
Paid to Mrs. Bertha Gris
more the Cause of Trouble
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Dec. 22.
' : Mrs. Bertha Grismore, residing at 608
Twenty-third avenue, was haled before
Police Judge Mortimer Smith to-day to
-answer to a charge that she had
threatened to ' kill Mrs. Louisa Lind,
1*216 East Sixteenth street, on sight.
There is a man in the case, according
to Mrs. Lind. who objected, shelnslsts,
to. the attentions that Mrs. Grismore
was . receiving from L. Thomas, the
complainant's brother-in-law.
Some time ago the Grlsmores, the
.Linda* and the Thomases occupied the
same residence. Mrs. Llnd announced
strenuously that she would not permit
Mrs. Grismore to make goo-goo eyes at
her '.brother-in-law. The quarrel that
followed caused a breaking up of the
hitherto amiable relations. .Soon after
the separation It came to Mrs. Llnd's
ears that Mrs. Grismore had threat
ened "to ■ kill that Swede woman on
sight." ,
"That Swede woman" repaired .to
Prosecuting Attorney Leach and nar
rated her troubles.
"L can't speak very, good English,"
she declared, "but I can tell when love
making is going en, without looking in
a dictionary for the clew." •
Mrs. Grismore was given a week by
Juds;e Smith in which to consider the
situation with a view possibly to the
withdrawal of , any harsh words she
might have spoken concerning her for
mer friend and associate.'
SAYS HUSBAND
IS GUILTLESS
Wife of "Doctor; William
Proctor Kef uses to Credit
Story of His Wrongdoing
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
101C Broadway, Dec. 22.
"Doctor" William Proctor, accused of
obtaining money and jewelry from
aged Mrs. Emily Tyson of Niles, after
promising to marry her, and Ray
Ashberry, who is charged with being
an accomplice ' of Proctor, were taken
to Centerville to-day, and their pre
liminary examination will be held at
that place to-morrow before Judge
S. Sandholdt.
Just before the prisoners were taken
from the County Jail the wife of the
"doctor" called, at the jail to see him.
From her It was learned that Ash
berry is a stepson of Proctor, be
ing her own son by a former mar
riage. Mrs. Proctor refused to give
any information concerning the accus
ed men, and said that she had come to
Oakland with her husband about
three months ago. In discussing the
charges against her husband, Mrs.
Proctor said:
I do not believe a word of this story about
my husband's promising to marry this Mrs
Tyson. Why, such a thing is ridiculous. I
neve too much faith in my husband to doubt
him for a moment. He has always been
good to me, and I know that he would never
do such a thins as this. We have two chil
dren and I am sure that my husband thinks
too much of them to do any such thine as
these people say.
Ray Ashberry Is my son by a former mar
riage and I am sure he would not be a Dartv
ta anythine like this. P 7
Mrs. Proctor refused to give her ad
dress li« Oakland, and after leaving the
Jail she called upon Tom Bradley, her
husband's attorney.
When the case was palled before
Judge Sandholdt .-this morning the ac
cused men made no statement and
asked that the case be set for hearing
as soon as possible. - As they could not
furnish ball, they were placed in jail
at Niles. v. .-
PRINCE FUSHIMI RESTS
QUIETLY AT HIS HOTEL
Abandons Trip to Monterey, biit May
Yet Decide to Pay Visit to
Stanford University.
Apparently . Prince Fushiml of
Japan finds San Francisco sufficiently
interesting to keep his mind busy un
til, he is ready to leave for his native
land. Yesterday he suddenly decided
to abandon his proposed trip to Mon
terey, where he had contemplated to
spend several days. The distinguished
visitor remained th e greater part of
the day in his apartments at the St
Francis, where he excused himself to
several | callers on the plea of needing
rest.
It is possible, however, that the
Prince may yet decide <to make a
short trip into the country, for last
evening President Jbrdan of the Stan
ford .University sent the Mikado's rel
ative an invitation to visit Palo Alto
some day -during the coming week.
As the Japanese have always evinced
a great deal of Interest In the univer
sity and sent a number of their young
countrymen there to receive a finish
ing education. It is thought that
Prince Fushiml; in recognition of
these facts, may find Jime to accept
President Jordan's Invitation.
Hurls Demijohn at Footpad.
OAKLAND, Dec. 22.— C. T. Lund
reported to the police that he .was held
up by an armed > footpad to-night at
Twenty-fifth avenue and the old
county road, Fruitvale. Lund said the
highwayman : pointed a 'pistol at him
and ordered him to throw up his
hands; i '-The Intended victim instead of
obeying the order hurled a ' demijohn
he ; was carrying at the robber and fled.
LOCAL ARTISTS
EXHIBIT WORK
OF REAL MERIT
By Zoe Green Radcliffe.
OAKLAND. D«e. 22.— Little Miss Scnrock
was a very happy little maiden last night. Her
birthday party yesterday was a delightful suc
cess, and every one cf her friends had renum
bered th€ occasion with a gift, books, bits of
silverware, exquisite flowers, dozens of dainty
things. dear to the heart of the little 12-year
old. . ■ . .
Much ol the afternoon's success was due to
the tact and graciousness of the little hostess
herself, as she possesses that rare quality of
% being everywhere at once and allowing no guest
to feel neglected for a moment. Over a hun
dred little girls enjoyed the, day yesterday, and
there will be little else talked of until the
Christinas tr*« obscures everything of lesser
momtot. | A really good vaudeville programme
was participated -In by a dozen or more tal
ented misses and everv number deserves special
mention, but limited Vpaee forbids. . •
The chief-' feature of the programme, of
course, was the play, and not only the chil
dren present but the older people were de
lighted with the cleverness of the young per
formers. Adele Scott as the Irish woman, dis
played a real wit in her conception of the part,
and the little hostess, in the role of a "school
ma'am." was equally good. Tha entire pro
gramme was as follows: Etta Schrock, recita
tion. "Sandy's Romance"; Helen Mehrmann.
song. "Violets"; . Ethel Carroll, piano solo;
Beulah Hutchlngs. song and danc*. "Teasing";
Janics Tobriner, aong. "A Gay Little Red Um
brella,"; Elizabeth Lathan Bull, violin solo;
Miss Mllrca.Buttlar. recitation; Err.a Patery.
song. "That's What I Want Santa to Bring";
Louiso JEschmann. recitation, "How Clara En
tertained Her Mas V!sit#r": Miss Swalls. song:
Janice Tobriner. song: Alice Westphal and
Grace Breedhoflf. dance; Verna Boell. song.
""Look Out'; Miss H. Buttlar. recitation; Etta
Schrock, Oance; Miss Swalls, recitation; Miss
E. Whitebead. »ong. "The Farmer"— Helen
Mehrmann, Farmer; Beulah HutchJcgs, Farm
er's Wife; Erna Patery. Farmer's Daughter;
Elva Ghirardelll. Farmer's Son; Ethel Carroll,
Dairy Maid: Etta Schrock. Schoolteacher: Jua
nita Ghirardelli. Pupil; Adele Scott, Washer
woman. . -
A number not on th« programme was con
tributed by A«a V, Mendenhall. who, being
called upon for a speech, gave a comic recita
tion- that made him the "lion" for the rest
of. the afternoon. Dancing and a delicious
repast «srved on beautifully decorated tables
in the lower hall closed a memorable day.
Among tboso who enjoyed the afternoon
were: Adele Scott. Alice Westphal. Annie
Keene Helen Mehrmann, Ethel Carroll. Elsey
Bishop. Bessie Bull. Janice Tobriner. Helen
Tobriner, Alma Kahn, Sarah Kahn, Alice
Palmer. Eleanor Hoffman. Miriam Hoffmaa,
Irene Orr. Dorothy Carter. Agnes Carter,
Phoebe Mathews, Florence Mathews. Loie
Holland. Dorothy Meese, Bernice Collins,
Irene Collins. Elizabeth Collins. Anita Mar
tins, Ethel Davis. Vera Von de Rodp. Mona
Railcllffe. Grace Ewing. Helen Pardee. Carol
Pardee. ■ Madallne Pardee. Edna Stevens. Mil
dred Wells. Sophie Shield, Eleanor Engs.
Eleanor Uhl. Ganile Torry. Maria Bishop.
Deborah Dunning. Constance Heath. Geneva
Grlswold, Helen Audifred, Carmen Ghirar
delli. Berita Fisher. Liela Lovell, Phyllis Lo
vell. Georgette Marrily.' Helen Cocgan. Haa
el Chase, Mabel Mar*tly. Lillian Gard. Louisa
Echmond. Alvla Y.'lse, Una Wise. Florence
Duncan. Verna Ball. Generieve ■ Shankland,
Elizabeth Brlggs. Helen Trevor. Elva Ghirar
delli. Juanlta Ghirardelli. Edith Goodfellow,
Isabel McMilUan. Helen Bauman. Dorothy
Taft, Helen Laymance. Helen liowden, Doris
Crawford. Gertrude Blair. Frankle Pierce,
Margaret Moore, Eliza McMullan, Vadle Ro
dolph, Marian Rcdolph, Helen Rodolph, Hen
rietta Kahn. Emma Bosquet, Ruth Bruce.
Beulah Hutching*. Leslie Hutching*. Nina
Clay. Pauline Stover. Erna Patery. Margaret
Borroux, Margaret Bryan, Grace Bredoff,
Vibella Martins, Margaret Martins, Lucia
Smith, Pearl Schuller, Rosalind Magnes. Kath
erina Maxwell. Tonnle Pasquale. Irene 51a
hau, Bessie Mabau. Helen Mahau. Bessie
Brradwell. Vllleta Maxam, Margaret Mcseley.
Doris Hadley. Phllena Wetmore, Alice Buteau,
Elizabeth Miller. Amy Clement. Alice Bur
bank, Helen Burbank. ■ ■;.-■ . .-. .
Xo one seems to be more aDcreclatlve of
California art. and artists than Mr. Rabjohn.
and in his gallery on Fourteenth street are
alyays to be seen a half dozen or more can
vases that are well worth Inspection. The
most ' striking thing he has had on exhibition
for some time, however, la the lanre painting
by John M. Gamble, which he is now showing.
It Is a bit of Kern County, the hills In the
foreground covered with wild heliotrope. The
handling Is strong and bold, and the atmo
spheric effect wonderfully beautiful. -
Another notable work that Mr. Rabjohn .Is
also showing Is a canvas by Edwin Deakln. It
presents to the beholder a new view of the
famous old Santa Barbara mission. The
old waterways, as historic as the mission and
their luined structures as artistic, are ad
mirably wrought in the foreground. The bell
towers of the ancient convent stand out con
spicuusly against a pale evening sky, while
a fog bank just rolling In envelops part of
the picture In a contrasting misty haze.
W. F. Jackson, the well-known Instructor of
the Crocker Art School at Sacramento. Is ex
hibiting two splendid examDlee of his work,
one being a grape piece that Is unusually fine.
A vase holding a single full-blown red rose,
by Miss Minnie Burrell. is an exquisite bit
of work. J. M. Griffin and Miss de Xeale
Morgan, also local artists, have several good
watercolors aad pastels'..
Mr. and Mrs. Henry A. Butters ana Mis«
Marguerite Butters returned this morning
from Reno. New Mrs. Butters and her daugh
ter had an interesting visit in Arizona and
Nevada. They are very much Improved la
health. Miss Marie Butters, who Is attending
a school In New York, will spend Christmas
in Washington with Secretary and Mrs. Victor
H. Metcalf. :- J . .
The Country Club is rapidly growing tn
favor as a place of entertainment. A number
of smart affairs have already been given there
and others are belnjr planned. On New Tear's
eve the A. S. Macdon&lds will give a dinner
dance at Rockrldge Park, the beautiful home
of the Country Club, and among the guests
will be Mr. and Mrs. George W. McNear Jr
Mr. and Mrs. Edward Lacey Brayton. Mr and
Mrs. Andrew L. Stone, Mr. and Mrs.-*Edson
Adams, Mr. and Mrs. Georee S. Wheaton
Mr. and Mrs. Robert M. Fitzgerald Mr and
Mrs. Roy Macdonald. Ml* Athertori Macond
ray, Mr. and Mrs. William Pierce Johnson
Mr. and Mrs. C. O. G. Miller and Sam Bell
McKee.
"Pinafore," which promises to be one of,
the best amateur performances seen here for
ages, will be presented at Ye Liberty Theater
on February 7 instead of January 31, as orig
inally planned.
The Vernon Waldrons celebrated their tta
wcddlns Tuesday and were given a surprise
by a number of friend*, who assembled at tha
home of Mrs. WaMron's mother, Mrs. Gasklll.
ALAMEDA. Dec. 22. — Miss Mary E. Ski nine
of th!s city and Newell H. Bullock of Sun
Jose were .wedded last evening at 7:30 at the
home of the bride, 1513 Encinal . avenue the
Rev. W. C. Spencer of Moline, 111., offlelatins:
Miss Marjorle Smith of Berkeley and Miss e!
R. Dawaon of San Franciyeo were the maids
of honor and the flower girls were little Dcro
thy Baum and Amy Waldon. President Daly
of the State Normal School at San Jose was
best man. The bride's dress was of white
• brocade silk, trimmed with messallne.' and her
bouiuet was of white carnations. Tn» maid*
Of honor were attired In gowns of creoe de
chine, trimmed with soft red. " While the" mar
riajte ceremony was being performed the
bridal pair stood beneath a canopy of green
ery from which depended a white dove. Fol
lowing the marriage there was a reception at
which punch was served the guests by th»
following six little girls from the Ha lent
School, where the bride was formerly a teach
er: Claire Haas. Marjorle Ernmons Lauri
Tluddell. Marlon Rhoades. Gladys Chapman
Georstie Mend!* and Lucy Standifer Durinr
the evening a musical programme arranged bv
Miss Asnrs Frislus was rendered. ' y
Mr. Bullock and his bride are both grad
uates of Stanford Unlversltv. He fa a Profes
sor In the State Normal School at San Jose
Cable Cars Collide.
Cars of the Powell and a Sacra
mento-stfeet line collided _ at about
5:30 last evening at the "crossing of
Sacramento and Powell streets. Luck
ily no serious accident occurred. The
grlpman of the Sacramento-street car
lost control of It while coming down
the hill and it crashed Into the Pow
ell-street car. Eugene Dellanlna, who
was sitting on the dummy of the Sac
ramento-street car, was thrown into
the .. street. He sustained several
bruises about the face and body and
was treated at the Central Emergency
Hospital.
. SUES FOR DAMAGES.— William Shaffer
who was employed -as a lineman by the San
Francisco Oas and Electric Company veater
day sued that company. tha v Unlted Railroad,
and the Pacific States Telephone and Tel#
graph Company for- $23,000 for Injuries Z~
ceived while performing his duties on January
31 Jast. All three companies had wires on a
pole on JTwenty-fourth street near Sa n Bruno
read. To it were attached three Buy wires
whichhe says .were not insulated.. He cllmb-rf
the -pole and I received * full current "of elec
tricity.:i which threw hlnv to the ground and
he says, crippled him /or lifa. a "
BKANCH OFFICES
OF "THE CALL IN
ALA3IEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
1016 Broadway.
Telephone 3Ialn 10S3.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 11.
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
FEWER YOUTHS
FOR MINISTRY
Dr. Harper Gives Figures
Showing a. Falling Off in
the Theological Schools
POINTS OUT THE CAUSE
Xoted Chicago Educator
Says the Dignity of thej
Clergy Is
Special Dispatch to Tbe Call.
CHICAGO, Dec 22. — Fewer young
men are entering the ministry each
year. In thirty of the more important
theological schools of the North ther«
were enrolled, In 1894, 2500 students.
In 1903-4, the same schools registered
2133, a decrease of 3 S3. or 15 per cent.
Dr. William R. Harper, president of
the University of Chicago, gives thess
figures In the current Issue of tha
World.
There are a number of causes for this
decrease, he says. The principal on*
Is that the ministry has been brought
into disrepute in certain denominations
by youns men being admitted to its
ranks without adequate preparations.
"The dignity of the office," he says,
"has been greatly injured in this way.
"A minister is no longer the one per
son in the community who stands high
above others, and who, for that reason,
if for no other, commands the esteem
and respect of all.
"In old days, when home religious
influence was strong, father and
mother not infrequently set aside for
the ministry their first-born son. This
was regarded as a sacred duty. It is.
unfortunately, true that in few^of our
homes of the present generation Is the
influence of this religious spirit so
strongly felt, while in all probability
a great majority of our homes exhibit
a total lack of it."
MASONS TO XiAY NEW
... .CHURCH'S CORXERSTOXE
Exercises Arranged to Connection
With the Epworth Methodist
.Episcopal Church.
BERKELEY. Dec. 22. — Exercises of
.deep interest both to Masons and to
members of the Methodist Episcopal
Church South have been arranged by
church and lodge officials In connec
tion with the laying of the cornerstone
of the new Epworth Church to-mor
row afternoon-
Walter A. Gompertz. worshipful
master of Durant . Lodge, has Invited
all Master Masons to attend the cere
mony at' 2: SO o'clock. The Grand
: Lodge will convene at 1:30 o'clock
sharp. The music at the exercises will
be rendered by the Oakland Masonic
Quartet, which Ls composed of D. M.
Lawrence, H. W. Patrick, Alfred
Wllkie and WUhelm Xellsen- The
programme Includes the folio-wins
numbers by this quartet: "Hail, Glori
ous Morn"; "Great Architect of Earth
and Heaven"; "Behold, the Lord Has
Laid"; "No Power on, Earth Can
Sever."
Rev. J. A. Batcheler, presiding elder
of the San Francisco district of th »
Methodist Episcopal Church South,
will offer the opening: prayer. An ad
dress will be delivered by Rev. Clar
ence A. Reid, agent of the Board of Mis
sions. William H. Waste, president of
the board of trustees, will give the for-*
mal Invitation to the grand master to
lay the cornerstone and the grand
master will then deliver an address.
The ceremony of laying the stone will
follow. "Old Hundred" will be sun*,
by the congregation and the grand
chaplain will pronounce the benedic
tion.
The line of march of. the Grand
Lodge, under the direction of th»
grand marshal, will be from the Odd
Fellows' Hall to Shattuck avenue,
thence to Durant, thence to Tele
graph avenue.
The new chixrch Is expected' to rank
with the . beautiful c^hurch edifices for
which Berkeley is noted. '.It fs to : cc'*_
$28,000 and Is being built under .the*
direction of Rev' C. It -.Woo ten", flastor*
of the Methodist Episcopal Church :
South' "in Berkeley.
K1XIRT.TO PLEAD.— Oakland. Dec 22."^-
The information charging tXivki Kirlry wtth
the mnrd*r of - Policeman Smith last March
mi drawn up to-day.' He will . be arra!«a?ti
before Judge Hall to-morrow . morning
asked to plead. As yet he has no attorney
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Skin Diseases
are cured by
«■ *
' .■■» and
Glycozoi\e
. Endorted by tht Ktdlcal Pyttetsion.
By destroying germs, .they as-
sist nature to accomplish a cure.
Send thirty- five cents to pay ex-
pressage on Free Trial Dottles.
Sold by Lead'n? Drljg'* tJ -
Jfet senui-^e unless l»bel beirs my .igniftw? : ■ s -.
61 0 Ptlnce Street. N. Y. ;
- VTrltc for fr»i» InfhrmMInn ahaat 4
»:i nnnzuxK j«!id «».vro/.-»\K.DOLBEER JURY PROMPTLY SUSTAINS WILL
THE ISSUE AND THE VERDICT.
Was Bertha M. Dolbeer of sound mind at the time the instrument offered for probate as her last will was sub
scribed by her and witnessed by Douglas S. Watson and Arthur B. Watson? :_..! 'Sl:.l
Jurors Agree That
Testatrix Was
Competent
MISS WARREN WINS
Schander to Appeal
From Order of
Probate.
McENERNEY'S PLEA
It twk the Jury just fourteen minutes
to leave the box and return with a
unanimous verdict for tne proponents
la the Dolbeer will contest. The cis
posIUon thst Bertha Marion D->!b*«?r
n.3d* cf h^r estate is to be carried out
ir th«? Probate Court. t-T the jurors ce
<~Iarrd her to have been of noun 1 mind
v. h-n t-he executed 1't-r testament. Mies
Etta Warren is to rec«ve betv.-f^n
SS30.000 and JSOO.OOO out of an estate
valued approximately at f 1,100.009. and
Miss Doibeer's wi«h, often expressed,
that the woman who nac Deen mother
to her should always be w3ll provided
for. is to be fulfilled.
Adolph Schander. the uncle of tne
testatrix, eayg he has not Etf*<3 up the
f.gb^. Hie 'attorneys yesterday after
noon filed retire cf appeal to the Su
preme Court from the ortivr admitting
the will to probate, whicli v/as made
by Judge Coffey as soon as the jury
hud rendered its decision. He expects
to tie up the estate for a long period
at ary rate ar.d believes that he has a
chance of winning the case ultimately
on testimony that Judge Coffey is al
leced to have ruled outTerroneously. It
is generally believed that Schander's
purpose Is to force a compromise.
While temporary advantage an-3 de
lay may be gained by the contestant
through appeal and technical methods,
the proponents now feel that the attack
on the wi!l is virtually ended. The
fc-trer.gih of tne'r cas* as they wep able
to present it precludes success oL any
attack upon the testament. It was
demonstrated that tne case of the con
testant was correspondingly aeak. for
not in one material point could he find
anything vulnerable in the document in
which Bertha Dolbeer wrote away the
tartttot she inherited from her father.
A gracious conjpHirsect was pail to
Kirarn Johns^-n when it was said that
the chief element the proponents I-flvJ
to ccmbat in the trial was h'.s keen
tbility to make so much out of his case.
SWEPT AWAY ALL DOUBT.
Garret tV. McEnerney is regarded as
having swept all contrary opinion away
when in his argument h«* so clearly
showed how reasonable was the motive
for Miss Dolbeer to bestow her bounty
on Miss Warren. It was s. signal stroke
when he culled the transcripts and re
pealed the statements that £«statrix
had rr.ade to a dozen or -nor? witnesses
concerning her d&ep feelings of affec
tion and gratitude toward Miss "Wr.r
ren. At various times, sjins back as
far as the death of her father in 1902.
Miss Dolbeer was shown to have ex
pressed tbe purpose -of se*la^ to it
"that auntie should always be well
ired for." The review of thes-? Ftate
: lrnts by McEnerney bef .wo the jury is
• eemed to have clinched hi« case be
: end peradventure. for it destroyed the
mrctest question as to what prompted
Miss Dolbeer to ignore her nearest of
kin.
The verdict unquestionably meets
with general approval, and there is
reason to believe that had it been for
the contestant Judge Coffey would have
eet it aside. The basis of the contes
tant** case was the circumstance that >
Mrs. Dclbeer committed suicide In 1S73 j
ar.d that Miss Dolbeer inherited in- 1
sanity, which was aggravated by cir- j
cumsuinces in her life. But he failed!
to establish that the testatrix was at i
any time of unbaJanced mind. The j
only witness he 'had to this effect was!
Mrs. Elizabeth C- Phillips, and her tes- •
timeny «as nullified by proof of her I
efforts to force Miss to yield '
up a bonus of 115,000 by threatening to
ADVERTISEMENTS.
p Brand m
|1 Evaporated m
ll Cream a
|1| bears the above cap label. J|
jl| Contains fully as much Hi
I food substance per can as pk
Ugt the vatery imitations in f|»
jjH It Is smooth and perfect H
g» because skillfully pre- B&
Jfia pared. Its purity is BhL
■s : : : : r
I WOMAN- WHO WAS NAMED AS THE PRINCIPAL BENEFICIARY IN THE WILL OF BERTHA M.* DOLBEER. WHICH HAS 1
BEEN SVETAJNED BT THE UNANIMOUS VERDICT OF A_ JURY. DISAPPOINTED RELATIVES OF THE TESTATRIX
1 WILL APPEAL. BUT HAVE LITTLE CHANCE TO SECURE A REVERSAL. j
give testimony in behalf of the con
testant.
Whether Miss Dolbeer was deranged
j at the time of her death or whether
i the death was accidental or suicidal
j was not proved. As to the immediate
j issue In the contest, the question as
to the mental competency of the testa-
I trix on April 23, 1904, the day she made
her will, testimony to prove insanity
was absolutely lacking. The best that
the contestant could do was to argue
j mere probability. On the other hand
the' testimony for the proponents on
this ooint 'was overwhelming. In the
last analysis there was very little upon
which to found the contest.
3IISS WARREN CALM.
While highly pleased with the vin
dication of the will. Mis? "Warren was
calm in view of the successful outcome
of the long and taxing trial. A num
ber of her friends who were in the
I courtroom crowded about her to give
i congratulations, but she was almost
| shrinking!)' modest through it all. As
the Jurrmen left the courtroom she
bowed her thanks to them, but' there
was nothing of exultation in her man
ner or loss of control of herself. It was
to a woman representative of the press
that Miss Warren displayed more self- i
confidence and to her she beamed and
smiled over the result. It was said in •
attempt at disparagement during the
trial that Miss Warren sat cold and im- i
mobile when the storm rained words
upon her the fiercest, but no insinua- j
tion could be more unworthy or un- i
Just, for good sense, refinement and
the charm of modest womanhood char
acterized her manner throughout her
trying ordeal.
Judge Coffey was less than half an
hour in giving his instructions. He
pointed out very strongly that the sole
issue in the case, the question for the
jurors to determine, was whether Miss!
DoJbeer was competent the day she !
made her wilL
Phineas F. Ferguson was the fore- j
man of the Jury and the following were
his fellow-members: Sibbert Peterson, j
! Charles A. Slack, Edgar W. Briggs. j
1 Christopher Branagan. William Henke,
: Michael Shannon,. Edward Convey.
' John HIggins, Emil Lowenberg and j
William G. Copeland. They were polled j
after the verdict was announced and
each signified his decision in favor of
the validity of -the will.
William G. Mugan and George D.
Gray, were then called to the stand in
proceedings seeking an. order admitting j
the will to probate. They testified that j
the appraisement of the estate totaled '
$921,000. Douglas Sloarie Watson and j
Arthur B. Watson, the witnesses to the
testament, verified its, execution, and I
Judge Coffey then granted the. order, j
Johnson & Johnson, for the contes- j
taut. In their notice of appeal, com- {
plained that Judge Coffey. erred in re
fusing to admit several depositions that
were offered. In denying the request
that Miss Warren.' be called to testify. J
and In failing to give an; instruction to j
the Jury that the suicide of Bertha' Dol- j
beer on July- 4 was -.to-be taken into j
consideration in deciding her mental
condition on April 23.
TYOULD- BE POLICE COMMISSIONER.—
The latest aspirant for appointment -as Police j
Ccmmisctoner to succeed :HowelI Is; Arthur 1
Dcdler Cross.' Cross U In the -stock brokerage I
L'jfiness and was a 'schoolmate of the Mayor. *>
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 23. 1904.
COIN IS PAID
JILTED LOVER
Woman Sued for Breach
of Promise Settles Case
Out of .Court for $400
Special Disoatch to The Call
GOSHEX, Ind., Dec. 22.— For the first
time in the history of this State a
woman to-day was forced to pay for
having jilted a lover.
Mrs. Susannah Altland compromised
by the payment of ready cash the suit
for breach of promise brought against
her by Ephraim Bickel. Mrs. Altland
paid $400 to the plaintiff through her at
torney and the incident was formally
declared closed.
• Both of the persons most interested
declared their. complete satisfaction in
this, the latest turn in the case. Bickel
won the promise of Mrs. Altland's hand
in marriage, but a New York travelius
man won Mrs. Altland. hand and all.
Then Bickel's ardent love turned to
hate that sizzled. Finally he tiled Etiit
for damaged heart and life through
breach of promise. .' X;
Blckel Is a native of Arkansis and!
Mrs. Altland lives in Elkhart County,'
this State. She evidently faired thi
man or the outcome, for she preferred
that the suit should not come to trial!
Hence the dismissal of the case to -day.
Boon for Married Soldiers.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 22. — The Sec
retary of War has Issued an order au
thorizing recruiting officer's to grant
the privilege of living out of quarters
to soldiers who were married prior to
the last enlistment or prior to their
transfer to the recruiting service and
also to soldiers, who hereafter may re
ceive-permission from the War De
partment to marry. '.•■Y^
Pji-ographj" Outfits
And all manner of wooden things and
sheepskins to bum. Hundreds of de
signs not shown elsewhere. Artist Ma
terial ' Department. Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
741 Market street. •
FREE FREE
PLUM PUDDINGS
MINCE MEAT.
' WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
ARMOUR
PACKING COMPANY'S
FAMOUS BRANDS.
Free With Every Small Ad in
Sunday Call.
See Small Ad Page for Further
Particulars.
GIVES BLAIR
A GOOD NAME
Governor-Elect of 3Iissouri
Witness in Suit to Cancel
$200,000 Insurance Policy
ST. LOUIS, Dec. 22.— Governor-elect
'Joseph Folk was the first witness to
day in'the hearing of the suit of a New
York life Insurance company to cancel
the $200,000 policy on the life of the late
James L. Blair. vi ?-
Witness said he knew Blair, who
was a leader at the bar, and declared
that no man had higher standing as a
citizen before reports began to circu
late about him. He told of the efforts
of Blair and John D. Johnson to raise
funds for the unearthing of frauds in
the election of April, 1901. Witness
never saw the original subscription
lists circulated by Blair, but said he
turned over $6000.-
Folk said he first heard rumors about
Blair In September. 1903. and had an
assistant fnvestigate to learn if they
were well enough founded to Justify a
Grand Jury ' Inquiry. Continuing he
said: , v^l
After a newspaper had made reference to
tha fact that the Grand Jury mi*ht take up
the raae. Blair called on roe. He said he had
heard the Grand Jury might take up the mat
ter asd he wa« da.i of it. He said It bad
preyed on his mini for a long time. He cald
he had a brother who was very wild and who
had elven him trouble fcr a Ions time. This
brother. Blair said, had forzed some docu
ments—deeds, I believe, he slid — and that -he
had kept the matter quiet out of consideration
for their mother. 60. years. old. . Now, he said.
h« was satisfied for the truth to be known and
said he would . render me any asgi* tance he
could. He eent me the name of a Mr. Robert.
r 1 told Mr. Blair that the Grand Jury's In
vestigation, ■would b« thorough and that. If
the evidence I showed It ought to be done he
would be Indicted. Blair replied that h« ex
pected no favors.
Andrew J. O'Connor, a title examiner,
testified that he had been unable to
find any'reebfd of a large number of
deeds of trust, all of which the plain
tiff company charges were forged by
Blair. -
CHICAGO HOTEL GUESTS
'. ROBBED BY BELLBO.YS
Police LeanTof Organized Gang and
Recover Stolen Property Wortii
Nearly $1000.
CHICAGO. Dec. 22.— A gang of bell
boys, organized to steal the property
of guests in the downtown hotels, has
been discovered by , the police arid
money and jewelry amounting to near
ly $1000 has been found in their pos
session. - - - ~ »
The discovery was the result of, the
theft of >$180 « and two • gold> watches
from Edward Combess. His room
mate.* ErnesfCreenstein, was 'arrested
arid .confessed to the theft.. He then
told the police that Frank Barsted. k
bellboy,. In.a -downtown hotel.' could
lead' , them*. to r the ' spot where the
money had been" hidden. r
YOUNG LOVER
TAKES POISON
Swallows Chloroform When
1 His Plans to Elope Are
Thwarted by a Detective
DOCTORS SAVE HIS LIFE
Miss Whom- He Had Hoped to
Marry Says She Does Not
Desire to See Him Again
Special D;*r>atcn to Th« Call
PORTLAND, Dec. 22.— Despondent
because his plan - for elopement with
Hazel Wilson, the fifteen-year-old
daughter of a building contractor, liv
ing near. Arleta Park, had 'been thwart
ed by Detective Hawley of the Boys'
and Girls' Aid Society, Benjamin Boyn
ton attempted: suicide last night by
drinking . chloroform. Boynton is the
son of Assistant Superintendent B. F.
Boynton of the Oreson "Water Power
and Railway Company. ■ ,
Boynton. who is 21 . years old, had
been meeting the girl clandestinely and
(hey had planned an elopement for last
Saturday. Miss Wilson confided . to a
girl her intention, the friend informed
her own sweetheart and he notified De
tective Hawley. The officer had a long
talk with Miss "Wilson and. she sent
Boynton word that she did not care to
see him again.
Boynton, who had been residing
with George Richardson at 84 East
Eighth street, walked into the parlor
last night and shortly afterward fell
off a chair, moaning:
"I have taken chloroform. Let me
die." - . ■
The police were notified and removed
Boy nt on 'to the Samaritan Hospital. He
is out of danger.
SIOUX CITY ENGINEERS
PREPARE THEIR REPORT
Devise a Plan for the Reclamation of
Overflowed Land in the Sac
ramento Valley.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 22.— The re
port prepared in Sioux City by the
board of engineers employed to de
vise a comprehensive plan for the re
clamation of the overflowed lands In
the Sacramento Valley and for the
improvement of the navigable water
ways therein reached here this morn
ing. It was accompanied by a large
map.
The Governor announced that noth
ing concerning the recommendations
made by the Sioux City board would
be given out for publication at this
time. The report will be very care
fully considered by him and members
of the auditing board and of the River
and Drainage Association, in conjunc
tion with Commissioner Ryan and En
gineer Nurse. Then it will be turned
over to State Printer Shannon. .
The map accompanying the report
is a large affair and before it can be
utilized for purposes of publication
In the printed copies that will be
turned out« will "have' to be photo
graphed and reduced. But even' this
method would fail to show the colors
in which the map is laid off. There
remains much work to do in connec
tion with the report and . Engineer
Nurse and his assistant, George Ran
dle. will have their hands full for the
next few days.
GOVERNMENT DISPLAYS
FOR PORTLAND EXPOSITION
Departments Are Making Arrange
ments to Give Exhibits That Will
Be Complete In Every Detail.
PORTLAND, Dec. 22. — The Govern
ment exhibit at the Lewis and Clark
Exposition, will be. complete in every
detail. The Urges| exhibits will be
the fisheries, which will occupy 12.000
feet; agriculture and forestry, 10,000
square feet, and the War Department,
with the Philippine exhibit, 7600
square feet. Another interesting por
tion will be the Alaskan exhibit, which
has been allotted 6000 square feet.
The other branches of the Govern
ment's display will be from the State,
Treasury. Postoffice. Navy and Interior
departments, departments of Justice
and Commerce and Labor, an irriga
tion exhibit, exhibits from the Smith
sonian Institution and National Mu
seum, Bureau of American Republics
and the Library of Congress.
Xew York life Pollcyholders
Should read the analysis of the New York
Life financial methods In the current
numbers of the Era Magazine; 10 cents,
all sews stands. . •
• - -
Higrnvnymen Rob a Chinese.
REDDING. Dec 22. — Louie Lock,
a Chinese vegetable gardener, living
on Clear Creek, six miles south of this
city, was held up by two masked men
this morning: and robbed of less than
a dollar. Sam Song, his partner, was
robbed near the same place last Sun
day morning. William Jones, a Red
ding youth, was arrested for the Sun-'
day robbery and was held for trial in
the Superior Court.-
VICTORIA. B. C...D«c. K.-E. C. Tatlow.
Finance Minister of British Columbia/ returned
last '.nirnt' from London.- England. He reports
that a large number of Immigrant* are ex
pected to leave EnS'&nd shortly for this prov
ince. . ■ . •
REDUCTION SALE
WALL PAPER
To close out .a larce number of short lots before stock-taking,
.we; shall offer; speciar inducements for the next two weeks at our
Mission-street store. This sale will be especially attractive to" those
who desire medium arid high grade papers at a very low. price — less
than, half> the regular rates.* The assortment is larRe.'embracinjr over
fifty. thousand rolls, among which are ordinary white blanks, gilts,
tapestries, fancy stripes and two-tone effects of all colors.
It will pay to. purchase now for future requirements. It is well
to bear I'm mind : that those who call . first will find : the best "assort-
ments.
L.CTOZER ®» SON CO.
? 6 2 MISSION ST RE;ET
TITLE TO LAND
IS NOT CLEAR
Strange Mistake Made Many
Years Ago Is Revealed by
Action Begun at Stockton
WRONG DEED" IS GIVEN
Document Conveys a Piece
of Property Situated in
Another Part of County
&»<rf*l Dispatch to The Call
STOCKTON, Dec 22.— A legal action
that involves a remarkable mistake
made many years ago was begun
"Wednesday. All that appears of record
is that Public Administrator J. S.
Moulton has applied for letters of ad
ministration on the estate of Edward
■William Underdown, who died between
1S64 and 1STO leaving an estate consist
ing of the north half of the southeast
quarter of section 33, township 3 north,
range 9 east.
Some time before his death Under
down sold his land to persons residing
In this count:' whose names are for
the present withheld, but in making out
the deeds a mistake was made in de
scribing the land so that the deed pur
ports to convey a piece of land in the
opposite end of the county from the
piece intended. The mistake was not
discovered until a few months ago. Un
derdown died leaving no estate and no
relatives. The persons who had unwit
tingly received a . deed to the wrong
piece of land were worried. Underdown
had left no kin whom they could sue
to quiet title. They were in possession
of the rieht land, but their title was
defective. Attorney R. C. Minor was
appealed to and he evolved the scheme
of having the Public Administrator se
cure letters of administration on Un
derdown's estate valued at nothing
for the purpose of haying this official
act as the defendant in a friendly suit,
which will now be brought to quiet
title.
PRESENTS TWO CONTRACTS
IN SUPPORT OF CLAIM
Dr. Zeirler Scores Point in Fight for
Part of Fortune Left by Sirs.
3IcVJcker.
CHICAGO. Dec. 22. — Dr. L. C. H. E.
Zelgler, in the Probate Court, to-day
filed a bill of particulars In connec
tion with a bill of claims filed two
weeks ago against the estate of the
late Mrs. Harriet G. McVicker, who
died recently in California, Mrs. Mc-
Vicker was the widow of the widely
known theatrical manager, J. H. Mc-
Vicker. Zeigler's claim In full
amounts to $ 126,000. The bill just
filed includes copies of contracts,
which Zelgler claims existed between
himself and Mrs. McVicker. The bill
shows two contracts bearing on the
$100,000 wh>ch Zeigler asserts Is due
him as part of his claims against the
estate.
The first contract is dated December
19. 1899, and provides that after the
death of Mrs. McVicker the sum
of $100,000 shall be paid to Dr. Zeig
ler as soon after the demise as pas
sible. This money, according to the
contract, was to be given for services
as medical adviser. The second con
tract is practically a duplicate of the
first one, the exception being a change
in signature from "Mrs. J. H. McVlck
er" to "Mrs. Harriet G. McVlcker.**
The reason given for the change in
signature was a desire to avoid a pos
sible legal technicality. The contract
includes the following information:
That the party of the first part. Mr*. Har
riet G. McVlcker. beinx aware that tesne un
scrupulous persons have conspired to ruin tba
doctor's reputation and business, willingly and
unhesitatingly caoses this chance of signa
ture. .".-.. ■■
rETTTION OF RECEIVERS
IS DENIED BY COURT
Judge Grosscup Refuses to Order Sale
of Streetcar. Companies Controlled
by Union Traction.
CHICAGO, Dec. 22. — Judge Gross
cup in the United States Circuit Court
to-day, refused to order a sale of the
streetcar companies controlled by the
Union Traction Company. The receiv
ers of the companies had made appli
cation for authority to issue certifi
cates to pay for equipment, repairs
and improvements. The bondholders
objected and intimated that the court
should sell the property.
The court continued the hearing- un
til December '31, at which time, it
says, If the Union • Traction Company
shall. not have. put into the hands of
the receivers the sum needed January
l l for interest and rentals, and by Jan
uary 18 the sum needed for rentals
January 20. and by February 1 the bal
ance of the sums immediately needed
for the purposes named; the court will
consider that the Union Traction Com
pany's obligation in that respect has
been defaulted and steps accordingly
v;ill be taken.
A dream, of pleasure, the new two for
quarter size American. S3 7i box S. •
XEW TORK.'Dec 22.— It was reported to
day that $1,500,000 In gold bad been withdrawn
from the New York Clearing- House to-day for
shipment to Sooth America. The. name of the
shipper co-Jld not be ascertained.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CAUGHT TRYING
TO ROB A SAFE
Bold Thief Conies to Grief
While at Work -on Strong
Box in a San Jose Office
TRIES TO BRIBE CAPTOR
Offers to Give Him a Gold
Watch and Diamond Ring
if Permitted to Escape
Social Dl«i>atch Co The Call
SAX JOSE. Dec. 22,— A stranger giv
ing the name of John J. Curtis was ar
rested shortly before noon to-day while
attempting to rob a safe in the office oi
the Byers-McMahon Furniture Compa
ny, at the corner of Market and Post
streets. Curtis was detected by J. E.
Byers. one of the firm, who held him
until the police arrived.
Cnrtis begged Byers to release him.
saying: he would give him a ring set
with a large diamond, a handsome gold
watcTi and what money he had. He
said he feared arrest, as he had recent
ly stolen some money from a woman
on Eddy street, in San Francisco.
When searched at the police station a
gold watch and $7 50 were found on his
person. Curtis is believed to be a pro
fessional thief. It is thought the Jew
elry on him was stolen. He is about ZZ
years of age and well dressed.
Christinas Leather Goods.
Xb charge for 1-tterine your r.amp in
gold on pocketbooks. card cases, cam
eras, wrist bags, traveling sets, trunks,
valises, dress suit cases or any other
fine leather goods purchased at our store.
Sanborn. Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •
Provides Work for Thousand*.
CHICAGO. Dec. 22. — Thousands of
Idle men in South Chicago will have
employment on the day following
New Year's. The largest two mills of
the Illinois Steel Company will b«
started then, and the entire steel
plant, for the first time In months.
will hum with industry.
ApVERTI5E3IE.VrS.
CHILDREN'S
HOSPITAL
Donation
Days
December 22, 23 and24
Donations of money
and supplies thankfully
received at* : : : :
114 POST, ST.
W. a J. SLOA\E &. CO/S.
Turkey! TURKEY! Turkey!
AT CUT PRICE.
CHOICE CALIFORNIA TURKEY. lb....23c
Order early ar. ! insure prompt delivery.
BEST EASTERN HAM. lb L2u,e
HOME-MADE MINCE MEAT. 15 IIHS
CRASEERRIES. «r>*rt lOc
MIXED NUTS, lb -. 15c
COMPANY
110 FOURTH STREET
CUTLERY
EVERY BLADE VftRRANTED
Of. S. BRJDGE & CO., 1
¥ MERCHANT TAILORS. . X
<!|> SEHOTEB TO s
:i 112 SutLer Street*, f
K SAS TBAXCZSCO. 2
X Novelties in Inserted Wear. \
Prescriptions 34,406 and 7.
GUARANTEED CXTSB POS 3IS3T.
HARSIX^CSS I5JECTIOS. Cures ordinary
cas*s In a Tew gayg. Warranted to cura'
worst cases. 2VO OTHXX TTCTAT.MXJT?
ESQXJIBEO. Prevents and Cure* Stric-
tures. PKEVEJTTS COZTTAOXOV. Harm-
less. $2.00 for both bottles. For sale only
r. s. mrf-T-y" pharmacy, 102 Eddy.
■ ■ m m 0\ Amrr.u- 1 ::t. Hunting a - 1
■ Bi 1H3V Sportlns itoods. Larr««t
B_9 I feU stock. Low-st prices. t-?nd
111 I IlH ■ frr cataloira*.
Wf %J I m SHREVE £ BARBER CO..
. 7S3 Marke: at. «ad 3a
Kftiray s:.
(l "PATENTS! J)
MARKET ST. SOSES'
/^^v Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
M ,-,,!& 6U9 KEAR3TT ST. KsUbUabed
BatSV*22k.i'i l*** tor the treatment of PrlTmt*
f» I A. -"81 Dfcw-ase*. !>>»t ilaniiood. Debl'.lty or
{QuiCwm'iiwi.i* weansrnn bodT»m> mind »)d
r s^ffilfffVni <lr *" r**''»*n. The Doctor nrM»h«n
«al . Try hlta. Charjes low.
tu»raplfT<. C»JlorwrtUL
I>r. JT. F. «IBBO5, a*o Fn»daco. CaL
78
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN P. SPRBCKELS Proprietor
ADDRESS AH. COMMUNICATIONS TO
JOHN McXAUGHT Manager
rUBLJCATIOX OFFICE? THIRD AND MARKET STREETS. BAN FRANCISCO
FRIDAY • • • DECEMBER 23, 1904
STILL HARPING.
T-'HE South has so long stood in its own light and has tried to
«j injure itself by chasing after bad money and bad politics that
its real friends in the North hoped it would- take counsel of
wisdom since the election and adopt a sane and sensible course.
It is evident, however, that this cannot be done until a new and bet- i
tcr sentiment calls for new and better leaders. Here and there may
be found evidences of good sense in the South, but they are timidly
and apologetically offered, while Tillman, Vardaman and the un
speakable fool sent to Congress from Alabama remain the real
heroes of Dixie.
It was not always so. When the South had Bayard, Carlisle and
Lamar as leaders there grew up a sound public sentiment, worthy
« >f respect and with which the North was at one. This disappeared
when Tillman capered into the ring, a mixture of clown and des
perado, and it has not come back. This is why there is a solid
Xorth at last facing a solid South. This will be as long as the South
uses its political power in a way that threatens the welfare of the
nation. The South took up free silver and unsound currency, and
\inder the leadership of Mr. Bryan alarmed the country as much as
it could have been alarmed by war. In three national elections $hc
people have condemned bad money by a constantly increasing ma
jority. The verdict has an emphasis that only the silly or the dis
honest can misunderstand. The North repudiated free silver in
;8q6; in 1900 by a still larger majority it repudiated free silver and
greenbacks combined, and in 1904, lest its position seem in doubt,
.1 solid Xorth repudiated the party "which did not "Hare say that it
was for the gold standard and sound money. The North desired to
clean up that issue and to wip« out the party that raised it, and it
<lid ho by a majority of more than two and. a half millions.
One would think that would settle it, and that the South would
return to the sound money ideas of which Lamar, Carlisle and Bayard
were the ablest advocates. But Dixie is joined to her idols. The
leading Southern statesman just now is Mr. John Sharp Williams of
Mississippi, leader of the minority in the House. True, he has '^ot a
very laborious job, and it will be less in the next House, but still he is
the leader and speaks by authority. He assumes, to make issues
for the future and to plan battles to come. In his latest effort to
that end he harped on the money issue, declaring there is "an influ
ence at work to displace Government provided money by bank pro
vided money, in order to enable the banks to make a profit."
This utterance is in that cryptogram so dear to Southern states
manship, in which meaning is clouded in distorted and deformed
phrase. What Mr. Williams means is that the retirement of green
backs is contemplated and that their place will be taken by national
bank currency. From the form of his utterance it is plain that he
cither thinks, or wishes to be understood as thinking, that the Gov
ernment provides money for the people free, that for greenbacks
they will not have to give anything, but for national bank notes
they will have to put up collateral.
This is financial heresy and folly in the most acute form. It
harks away back to the time when the primitive greenbackers
claimed that it was the duty^of the Government to print and give
freely to every citizen as much paper currency as he wanted. This
was the "more and fittener currency" advocated by Calamity Weller
of Iowa, and it h the financial plan supported by General Weaver, to
whom the Greenbackers gave a considerable vote for President. It
is in finance the companion of a flat world, around which the sun
revolves. It is as discredited as witchcraft and alchemy. Yet the
leader of the Democracy of the Union proclaims it. There is no
hope for a party under such leadership. It shows profound darkness
of mind in regard to Northern sentiment and knowledge, and in
some of its aspects it is pitiful..
But this crude and ignorant conception of a currency is not the
only mistake the/ South makes about the North. At the recent meet
ing of the Southern Society in New York, Colonel Bingham of
Xorth Carolina was an oratorical guest. After breathing" a fervent
prayer that the South would always remain solid, he proceeded to
discuss the negro question. He said: "After all the world has
found that he is still a negro, and it grieves me in a way to see
some of our Northern friends forced to put the negro on political and
social equality and occasionally as a superior." Now as long as the
South has representative -fools of that stripe there is no hope.
Throughout the South an ignorant and provincial people are told by
such men as Bingham that in the North "the nigger is on top," and
this is <lone to keep the South solid. It is a false appeal to prejudice
to keep enlightenment from reaching the daricplaces. It is a pre
paration of that people to accept the financial ideas of Mr. Williams.
If it were possible for these to become the financial policy of the
Government, those very people would be the first and greatest suf
ferers, but they •vould never trace their losses and crosses to their
true source, but would accept the explanation of their leaders that
"the Xorth" was to blame.
Let us give credit for one flash of light at the dinner darkened by
Colonel Bingham. Dr. Alderman, president of the University of Vir
ginia, speaking on "the supreme need of the South," said: "The
quality of the Southern leadership is weak, and the crying need is
for trained men. For their training great institutions of learning
are necessary, and for them there should be great endowments."
Bingham got the applause and Dr. Alderman got cold silence,
but he talked sense, while Bingham talked sectional rot. Which idea
will the future South follow? Will we see there, endowed by the
abundant wealth of that (Section, the rise of great institutions of
learning like Harvard, Yale and Stanford? Will we see among the
young whites an industrial training equal to that which Booker
Washington is giving to the young blacks? Will we see a weak
and demagogic leadership give way to one patriotic and strong? It
is well to hope, but hard to hope, with Williams and Bingham get
ting the applause and Alderman the cold shoulder.
THE STATE'S SCHOOLS.
rpHE twenty-first biennial report of the Superintendent of Public
j Instruction for the State, which has just been issued; contains
material of interest to every taxpayer who cares to follow the
course into which some of his money is devoted to the training of
the young in this commonwealth. Complete in every detail of sta
tistical summary and adequate comment upon the various educa
tional activities in which the State has an interest, the present re
port serves also to show the high mark of efficiency which public
instruction has attained in California.
Superintendent Thomas J. Kirk, in his message of transmission
to the Governor, has to report satisfactory conditions in every de
partment of our public school system from the university down to
the elementary schools in the country districts. In all five of the
State normal schools an increased attendance, despite the higher
standards of admission requirements, marks the prosecution of the
work in training teachers. The California Polytechnic, School at San
Luis Obispo, which has only been open for instruction for a year
and may still be considered to be-in the experimental stage, will find,
according to Superintendent Kirk, a large place in the educational
scheme of the State. * . v
Upon one issue the Superintendent makes strong recommenda
tions; that is in the matter of teachers' salaries. He calls attention
to the fact that though the State tax of $7 per census child designed
to supply the revenue for payment of teachers remains the same,
the cost of living has increased to such an extent that many compe
tent instructors have been driven to the pursuit of more lucrative
professions. "I decide," says Superintendent Kirk, "that for the
schools of California more money is what is chiefly needed and that
it is my official duty to recommend that the State tax be increased
so as to give So instead of $7 per census child."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; FRIDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1904.
WHEN CUPID
PERCHED.
BY RUBY DOUGLAS.
, ,/AN your left you see the
I I home of the latC Cornelius
\^y Vanderbllt," bawled the
man through his mega
phone, as the big electric coach rolled
up Fifth avenue.
Like an awkward squad obeying
"left dress" the occupants of the sight
seeing coach turned^in the direction
("Won't you exchange seats witll I
me?" [
of the great red mansion. Suppressed
expressions of awe were clearly de
picted on their faces.
Georgina Winterton, perched on the
end of the back seat, smothered a
laugh and prayed t that the man
would not relate the story of the late
owner's life.
A young man, clearly impressed by
Gt-orgina's prettiness and the natty
fashion In which she carried her blue
serge suit, swore softly to himself at
the appearance of a few flakes of snow
on his coat. He was afraid they would
multiply and drive the very attractive
young person below with her fellow
women passengers.
"Before you, behold Central Park,"
the guide yelled, impressed with his
own importance In imparting such a
startling piece of information.
■ "No one would ever have guessed
It," commented Georglna mentally,
tying her veil more closely about her
face. The wind was turning chilly. .
One by one- the women sought the
inner recesses of the coach until
Georgina was the only girl on top.
Secretly the man beside her admired
her pluck in braving the now fast
falling snowflakes. He fancied she
must be from the West, where a snow
storm is a common occurrence, de
serving no notice.
"The zoo," called the man with the
megaphone, pointing to the section of
the park inhabited by animals, birds
and water fowl.
An energetic little flurry of wind and
snow blew the ends of Georgina's veil
across the young man's face.
"Oh, I beg your pardon!" apolo
gized Georgina with a dazzling smile.
"My veil wants to interfere with your
sightseeeing." ,
"Don't apologize; but won't you ex
change seats with me? It is not so
windy here on the fciside," he said, ris
ing and proffering a steadying hand.
"Thank you," Georglna replied, mak
ing the change with a frank smile of
relief.
Through the megaphone the man was
imparting wonderful bits of informa
tion abuut the nark. He told them
everything they had known for years,
things they had learned In their geog
raphies at schocrl and things that had
been told them by every one who had
ever visited the city. When they came
to anything really interesting the man
was silent, saving up his breath for
the next world-renowned object for in
spection.
Miss Georgina was wondering if the
young man was properly impressed by
the sights. The young man was specu
lating as to whether she was highly
entertained by the valuable information
bawled from the horn. Finally a nega
tive answer to his soliloquy came to
him intuitively.
"You know this park is right in the
center of the island," he said. • *
"Yes," Georgina was politely
ested. .
"It seems truly wonderful to think of
all this greenness — it's green in sum
mer, you know," laughed the 'man, not
ing his own brilliant statement, "in the
heart of so great a city as New York."
Georgina feigned enlightenment.
"Oh, do you live here?" she asked,
appeasing her conscience with the be
lief that sight-seeing gave certain priv
ileges among fellow tourists. It was
for their mutual education that they
were conversing.
"No— Pittsburg— but I've been here
often before. My sister went to school
back there on Fifth avenue at Mrs.
Finishem's." •
"Oh, no! So did I! What—" Geor
gina hesitated. She had been about to
HIS IDEA.
Knicker— Money talks.':.,
Bocker— It hardly whispers to me.
ask him the name of his sister and that
—well, that was equivalent tQ asking
for his" own name. Even a> mutual
sight-seeing expedition would not ex
cuse that.
The man observed her hesitation and
misconstrued her meaning. Perhaps she
did not want to know his name.
"You might have known Bess," he
said tactfully. Without directly ask
ing her, he had thrown out a lead
which she could follow if she chose.
"Bess Burruss?" asked Georgina, un
able to suppress her delight at having
found the brother of the girl whose ad
dress she had been wanting for days.
••The same.V replied the man.
"Oh, I know a man who is dread;
fully in love with her and she would
not promise to write to him, believing
he was a — oh, a man who said pret
tily polite things to every girl and
that he did not mean them at all."
"Ah — ha! I believe my sister had
some love making sprinkled in with
her educational retouching," laughed
the man.
Now, how was he going to find out
her name* Perhaps his sister "had
spoken to her — but no. surely he
would have felt a thrill had she done
so? Surely he would have felt the
proximity of his fate. How he loved
snowstorms and sight-seeing parties!
How jolly grateful he was for three
hours to kill before taking his train
for Pittsburg. He had happened
along by the Flatiron building just in
time for the sight-seeing coach to
suggest itself as a time killer.
They had forgotten all about the
man with the megaphone.
"You— you are visiting here?"
asked the man.
"Oh, I live in the city!" Georgina
watched the interrogation mark plant
itself In the man's eyes. Why was
she on a sight-seeing coach if she
lived here? But he said not a word.
' "I just came out for a lark." said
the girl. "I haVe often wondered what
it .was like when I've watched these
cars roll along, filled with open
mouthed strangers."
"Was I open-mouthed?" asked the
man.
"I'm Just killing time till train
time." he said.
"And you'll remember me to your
sister when you get there." Georglna
suggested, with mischief in her eyes.
Just remind her of the girl whom
I met on the touring coach?" he
laughed. ."She'll know definitely who
you are," he added, with good hu
mored sarcasm. ',
..r."^ lor v l . ns ?i de Park -" cried the man.
Columbia College."
"Isn't he a wonder?" asked Georg
ina, seizing the opportunity to beg his
question.
"Perhaps he isn't lonely in his won
derfulness " said the man briefly.
Georglna 1 * looked at'him.^ "Xo? Well
I m Georgina Claire Wintertpn—
Georgie for. short. Let me impress up
on you the fate that at Mrs. Finishem's
school we did not learn to talk to
strange men on sight-seeing coaches in
snowstorms, but—"
"But what?"
Well, you see my veil blew in your
face and I had to apologize and— then—
neither of us was a bit interested in the
returns from the megaphone and— well
we drifted into the acquaintance. Did
n t we?" ■ , -
We did," said the man emphatical
ly. And bo soon as I can get home,
Bess will write to you and I fancy
youd like her awfully If you knew her
better,
"Oh!" Georgina elevated her finely
marked brows.
Tomb," yelled the man.
Any one who wishes to may get out
and inspect it. General Grant's body
lies in the tomb and that of hia wife "
But Georglna and Bess Burruss'
brother were drifting.
"And I shall certainly tell her that
the yoilng man—"
"My cousin, Jack Clayton."
"That Mr. Clayton never says pret
ty things unless he means them."
"Thanks— that's v^ry- good of you.
And now as our house is Just below
here, would you ask that man to dro*
me — "
"Oh, I say— we've got Wall street and
♦ he Battery yet."
"I wasn't after sights— just a new
sensation— and I've had it."
The man from Pittsburg tried to look
Into her eyes. She was gathering her
skirts in her hand. The big sight
seeing coach was stopping before a
granite mansion.
"And when I come to New York
again, may I—" r ,,
"I really think you ought to look Jack
over— just in a brotherly way. He
l^ S x. wlth us ' Good-by."— (Copyright,
1904, by Ruby Douglas,)
TWO MEN OF TO-DAY.
Jim Jones had a habit of laughing —
Whenever he spoke he would smile-
He never would recognize trouble;
He claimed that it wasn't worth while;
He paid no attention to trifles*
'Twas happy-go-lucky with Jim;
He always seemed short as to money.
But life seemed worth living to him.
John Smith had a habit df scowling—
He grumbled whenever he spoke
He did everything with precision
And nothing to him was a joke;
He gave all his time to his business; ■"
He worried and fussed every day;
He's rich, but his friends often wondered
If Smith ever made living pay.
• : — Cleveland Leader.
Prehistoric Oak Forest.
In the province of Schonen, Southern
Sweden, the remains of a great prehis
toric oak forest have been discovered
at a depth of twenty feet. Experts es
timate Its age at 6000 years.
OP COURSE.
< She— He makes a great .display j of
hfft wealth, doesn't he ?
He— That's only natural. He started
life as a window dresser. /.
STAMP OF THE MASSES
ON FACES YOU SEE
IN A CROWD.
By Dorothy pcQimore.
DO you ever think to study the faces
in the crowd as you walk idly
"along? If not, I promise you
'twill be well worth your trou
ble to do so now and then.
Possibly if you were to see many of
the faces outlined singly by artist's
brush or pencil their insignificance
would most impress you; but here in
the crowd they are" part of the great
humanity; they have the dignity, not of
the individual, but of the mass of a
mighty tide.
And on a wiptry day when the rain
is falling heavily, the faces in the
crowd are still a sea, but now a sea
at play. There is a brightness, a light
ness, about them, yet a hint of power
beneath, that reminds one of the sun
touched gayety of a crested wave.
Often when I am walking through
the crowded city streets I watch for
signs .«¥ love upon the faces of peo
ple who pass by. Unless you have
tried this yourself you would never
believe how full of love this hard and
bitter city is which daily grinds to dust
beneath its ever-turning wheel the
dreams of thousands of its men and
women.
The faces in the crowd are not neces
sarily happy ones, except where here
and there a girl and boy are smiling so
radiantly that they. put. the sun to
shame. For the most part they are se
rious. But the lines that .time has
written on them are tender rather than
hard, as one might expect; and the soul
which shines out through their eyes is
usually luminous»with kindliness.
. It is Interesting to pick out one after
another the different types of lovers.
They are of all ages, and of all condi
tions of men.
Look at the little tots, still clinging
to their mothers' skirts— with what
frank interest the little boys turn to
look after the little girls — with what
naivete the little girls, hanging shyly
back, gaze after the little boys.
lads and lasses as they pass size up
each other's attractions with a curious
mixture of boldness and modesty in
their demeanor.
But the sweethearts going in couples
hold one's attention longest. See— is
not the love light in that young girl's
eyes, as she looks up into her compan
ion's face, like a holy flame? And there
are married lovers toiling along, weary
with care, but llghthearted because of
each other's companionship and be
cause of the boys and girls at home for
whom they are buying Christmas pres
ents.
Occasionally one sees in "the crowd an
old face, one beautiful with age, and
spreading from . its sincerity and gen
tleness a benediction oh the world
around.
When I look upon the faces in the
crowd, so earnest, so helpful, so sober
toward the present, so hopeful of
heaven, I cannot but feel that George
Herbert was right In calling love a
personal debt. All our lives long we
should count over the blessings of love
and pay for them in the coin of charac
ter.-AH oar life long we should appre
ciate our debt.
My debt to the« !■ all of life made d«ar:
Service of day. vision of night
Upltchted to thine own far height.
This Is the nature of our personal
debt . • <i&£-i*<
ARCHITECT ADVISES
AGAINST HASTE IN THE
LIBRARY SITE MATTER
Editor The Call: As an architect fa
miliar with the situation regarding the
library site and in close touch witn
the plan making on Twin Peaks, fier
mtt me a few words.
Mr. Burnham, in spite" of all to the
contrary, has so far approved a "civic
center" of : definite location and size,
and on' this he has indicated the - li
brary on block 66, although block 67 Is
equally suitable. Furthermore, . so far,
he has approved the panhandle exten
sion. But these -plans are in- a sense
preliminary. One by one 'all possible
plans are being exploited and -when all
possibilities have been exhausted Mr.
Burnham himself, after most; careful
consideration, will select the most prac
ticable apart from all "personal or spe
cial interests. "•' » "".. "
' To ';■ those who argue that the "civic
center" may be changed or never real
ized it can.be answered that the pan
handle extension may also run on other
lines .than byv block 73— indeed a better
graded 'and much less expensive route
from" the City Hall . to the McKinley
Monument has already. been indicated.'
Hence, while the matter is in gesta
tion- any -premature action would be
supremely unwise. None of the blocks
bo far offered are entirely bonded and
all of them will : stay where they are
*THE SMART SET*
BY SALLY SHARP-
Miss Marion Huntington. assisted by
Mrs. Fraser, Miss Ruth Allen, Miss
Elizabeth Allen, Miss Margaret Wilson
and Miss Louise Redlngton. gave a de
lightful tea a day or two ago at her
home. The house was filled with the
cheering hues of the Christmas tide,
the bright berries and flowers giving a
welcome touch of warmth. Several
gruests passed through the hospitable
doora and remained informally ' to chat
and enjoy the coxy gathering of youn?
folks.
• • •
The Gaiety Club will be entertained
by Edward M. Greenway in the ball
room of the Palace Hotel on January
5. The affair will be a brilliant one
and Is being gayly anticipated already
by the bright coterie of young people
who certainly are having a plenitude
of dancing and jollity these days. •
Mrs. Hyde-Smith, who has been giv
ing a series of small luncheons at her
home on Green street, was hostess
again yesterday at one of these pretty
affairs.' Assisting were the* two daugh
ters of the house, Miss Margaret Hyde-
Smith and Miss Gertrude Hyde-Smith.
Yesterday Miss Maiste Langhorne was
the guest of honor. • and about the
table, aglow with pretty lights and
flowers, were: Miss Maisie Langhorne,
Miss Christine Pomeroy, Miss Lucy
Gwin Coleman, Miss Carmen Selby,
Miss Gertrude Hyde-Smith, Miss Mar
garet Hyde-Smith.
A quintet of diners, by hospitality of
Edward M. Greenway, gathered at the
Pacific Union Club a few evenings ago.
About the table, brightened with decor
ation of red, were seated: Joseph D.
Redding, the guest of honor; Jeremiah
Lynch, Enrique Grau, Horace Blanch
ard Chase. Edward M. Greenway.
Many guests enjoyed the novel and
merry entertainment provided last
evening by Mr. and Mrs. Frederick Ja
cobs at thpir home on Pacific avenue.
These grown ones turned themselves
into veritable children and . employed
themselves after the manner i of chil
dren throughout the evening. The
■pleasure that .followed upon this com
plete throwing off of formality is more
easily Imagined than described. The
pranks of a district school membership
were aired and Indulged unrestrainedly,
and Mr. and Mrs. Jacobs were the re
cipients of many compliments for their
provision of so much enjoyment.
Among the merrymakers were: Mr. and
Mrs. George Sperry, Dr. Millicent Cos
grave, Mis£ Patricia Ccsgrave, Misa
Marie Wells, Miss Hopps, Miss Elsie
MIRROR OF DAME FASHION
Shown Here Is a Stylish Fur Set, Consisting of a Cafe Boa \
and Flat Muff. It May Be Made Up in Fox, Electric Seal, \
Manchurian Mink or Persian Ixanb. \
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
ARMY RANK— A. G. A., City. The
officers in the United States army rank
as follows: General, lieutenant general,
major general, brigadier general, col
onel, lieutenant colonel, major, cap
tain, first lieutenant and second, lieu
tenant.
COIN DEALER— L D., Sonora, Cal.
This department does not advertise the
names of coin dealers, nor does It an
swer questions relative to the value of
United States coins. Such questions
are answered by mall if a stamped and
self-addressed envelope accompanies
the query. '*■;"•;
A TEN ROUND FIGHT— J. D. M.
and J. B. D.. City. Bets are governed
by the expressed terms.. If two persons
make a bet that two men will not last
ten rounds In a fight the general con
struction to be put* upon that is that
there will not be ten rounds, but If the
fight takes place and the persons enter
until Mr. Burnham arrives and has
time to complete his plans.
Therefore the decision on the site
should be held over.
City, 1 Dec 22.' B. J. S. CAHILK
Kimball, Miss Georgie Spieker. Mr. and
Mrs. Ferdinand Stephenson, Mr. and
Mrs. William Watt. Dr. and Mrs. J.
Wilson Shiels, Mr. and Mrs. Frederick
Kimball. Mr. and Mrs. Augustus Boyer.
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Anderson Chans
lor, Judge William Lawlor, Jerome
Landfleld, Dr. Raymond Russ.
Mrs. Charles Peering entertained a
dozen guests at luncheon on Wednes
day, this being one of a series. In lieu
of the Christmas season, decorations
and favors bore appropriate semblance
of the .times,' making a cheerful and
attractive surrounding.
Mr. and Mrs. Henry St. George Hop
kins, who were married on October IS.
have returned from an extended wed
ding trip through California and hav*
taken apartments at the Palace.
Mrs. -Redmond Payne will give an
elaborate luncheon In honor of her sis
ter, Miss Irene Rabin, on January 3.
The affair will take place in the Sabin
home on California street.
Miss Hortense White and Miss E3
telle White, daughters of Mrs. Robert
P. Troy, who was formerly Mrs.
Stephen M. White, have Just arrived
In town from an extended trip through
Europe. The Misses White are with
their mother at her home on Bush
street.
• • •
Miss Alice Sprague, who is visltins
Mr. and Mrs. Benjamin in Southern
California, will remain with them
through the holidays.
Miss Paula Wolff was the jruest of
honor at a luncheon given yesterday by
Mrs. Charles Klncaid Harley. Covers
were laid for twelve, who passed an en
joyable afternoon in the hospitality of
Mrs. Harley and chatting with Mls»
Wolff, who Is one of the coming brides.
Miss Lily Hathaway will sail on De
cember 28 for Honolulu, where she is
to be the guest of Mr. and Mrs. Wil
liam R. Castle.
Miss Marie Voorhles and Captain
Haldimand Young were guests of honor
at a theater party give^ last evening
by Mrs. H. E. Huntington.
Mrs. Reginald -Brooke will stay In
San Francisco until next March, when
Major Brooke will arrive. They will
then depart for London.
The fortnightly hop given by the of
ficers and ladles of the Presidio will
take place this evening, after which
several supper parties will b« given.
the fight in the tenth round and one
should be knocked out during the first
half minute of the round that would
be construed that the fight lasted ten
rounds, even though the round did not
extend to the time limit.
DEBATES— S., Mountain View, Ca!.
When individuals or members of a club
determine to debate a question and
any one assumes the positive or nega
tive side of a question or subject, each
debater should advance his own ideas
for the position he takes. He should
make his' own researches in order to
draw his conclusions. It Is for that
reason that this department will not
furnish "the points necessary for the
debate." If this department did so and
the debater advanced the ideas fur
nished, they would not be those of the
debater, but those of some one else.
Time to send Townsend's Glace Fruits
by Express for Christmas. f~7
Townsend's California Glace fruits In
artistic flre-etched boxes. 715 Market st.
and Wakelee's Drug Store.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 80 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042.LUCIN CUT-OFF
IN POOR SHAPE
Portion of the Grade Sinks
Nine Feet After an East
bound Train Passes Over It
KEE1* WATCH ON TRACK
Officials of the Koad Take
Even- Possible Precaution
i to Guard Against Accident
E»»claj r-rr»: ch to Th« Call
RENO, N>v\. Dec 22. — Shortly after
the overlar.d eastbound limited passed
"over the Lucln cut-off, which crosses a
narrow neck In the Great Bait Lake, a
track waJker discovered yesterday that
a portion of the grade had disappeared
from eight, and on examining the place
it was found that it had sunk nine feet.
The railroad officials were immediately
notified and workmen and material
train* were rushed to the place to build
the grade and to strengthen other por
tiors of the track, where the grade has
f ur.k for several feet.
The cut-cfl! is not dangerous for its
entire length, but In many places it has
sunk below the established grade, and
la other places the crust below the sur
face of the lake has swelled and raised
the gT*£e. The cut-off la considered
unsafe by th» railroad employes, and
the cfflciala, In order to avoid an acci
dent, keep a number of guards along
;he 3ice for the entire distance across
the lake. "When pile* were driven into
the bottom of the lake in some in
stances they would penetrate a hard
crust and then sink for many feet Into
the mud b«low. It la the opinion of en
gineers that this crust Is over the en
tire bottom of the lake and that the
heavy grade is causing It to break In
many places.
STEAMSHIP MTVXESOTA GOES
TO ANCHOR AT ESQCTMAI/T
Heavy Gale Prevailing at Victoria
Prevents the Docking of the Vessel
in That Harbor.
VICTORIA. B. C. Dec. 22.— :The
tteam£h!p Minnesota, which arrived
to-day from New London to enter the
Oriental trade for the Great Northern
•Railway, was obiig-ed to go to anchor
at Esquimau owing to a heavy gale
'prevailing here. The reception by the
local Board of Trade and other cor
porations was abandoned In conse
quence of the storra. The Chinese
crew of the liner, which has been
awaiting here, was put on board at
KiKjuidalt and the steamship will pro
ceed in the early morning to Seattle,
whence Fhe sails on her first trip to
the Orient.
Clirl-tmas lectures.
Our new picture* have the little ef
fects that the lover of artistic things de
sires. We have just received large ship
ments of the most beautiful pictures. The
prtceal illustrate the fact that good taste
•ran do 8s ranch as aa abundance of
mon-*>' in -to^kinm the home * besrotifd."
Saabora. Vail it Co™ 741 Market street- •
CHARGED WITH BURGLARY.— James J.
Da.!y »&r booked at the City Pr.sca yesterday
bv I>»tectives Regan and O'Ccnaell en a charge
of burglary. He is accused cf breaking into a
room Rt 1T4 Fourth nreet ca December 13 and
& Quantity oZ clothirac and other
VrtJcles.
« m «
A cr^zra of pleasure, the new two for
quarter tize American, C Ta box 2. •
FENDS CKRIFTilAS DONATION.— R. D.
Chandler, cotl merchant. East «tr»et, sent a
«-h«ck to Chief Wittman yesterday for 1100 for
th* benefit cf the Widows* and Orphans' Aid
Association of the Police Department. Chandler
!ia* for •• • r.-. . :--.-- cent a eiisiizx donatica
advi:hti>i^ii;xts
For Ciirisimas
that
Itself "
IMPLY PRESS
Pen
Tfcp lx?st and most convenient of all
Kountaia Pens. Excellent ffift to
eHhcr a taan or woman. Prices
.<:;.««<» to sr,.OO-
GILLETTE'S 8AFETT &AZ0B — Is
the ideal aa'ety shaving device. Does
not require stroj»p:n& or honing and
joe* over the face like a feather.
Price J8.1.OO
STAR SAFETY BAZOB — A popu-
lar razor. Remlar J2.00 \-alae. Our
price now JKl.Uri.
SEOFFTSC BAGS. ETC. .
A f.r.f-r l:ae of leather poods than
*ver. Shojipirjg. Ba^s from ,'tOc to
81O.OO- Purses. Wallets and Card
Cases at all popular prices.
Christinas Cards from J>c tip.
DJail orders promptly filled.
THAT StAST A*A'1TS.
F. \T. PITTS. The Stationer.
1008 JOASXET 8TBSET. Oyo. Tilth.
\ CALIFORNIA WOMAN'S
'• HOSPITAL
l - The Anntial Donation Days
FOR THE
FREE WARD
Will Be Held on
WEDNESDAY. THURSDAY
and FRIDAY, December
«x, aa and 23.
At die Following Places:
Messrs. GOLDBERG,
BOWEN & CO.'S, 232 Sutter st.
THE D. SAMUELS LACE
HOUSE, 233 Sntter st.
end at the
HOSPITAL, 31 18. Sacramento
Street
An urgent appeal is made for
help, as the need is unusually
great. Gifts of money, gro^
cerics, bed linen, etc.. etc., will
be gratefully received.
YULETIDE MUSIC
FOR THE CHURCHES
kCAT CHOIRS WILL
T>nce more the season has come round ,
when the clergy and the organists and .
choirs* of the city are found hard at
work arranging and perfecting their
programmes for the. fitting celebration
of Christmas within the sacred walls.
Of all the religious music composed
by old and modern masters the finest,
the most elaborate and descriptive will !
find its place in the beautiful services !
that will draw thousands to the various f
places of worship on Sunday, both |
morning and evening.
In harmony with all these glorious
sounds will be the floral decorations :
within chancel and sanctuary rails, j
Altars will bear a profusion of chaste ;
lilies, and festoons of rich greenery !
will twine around massive beams and j
hang from great chandeliers. All these ;
will form a suitable frame In which i
the devout will worship 'and listen to j
the beautiful strains from organ and J
from voice. "Peace to all men" will be j
chanted, will be preached, may be •
heeded. It will be the theme of the day |
everywhere and Its echoes along the !
year to come will be prayed for.
The country Is at peace with all the j
world, the nation is at peace with her- j
self, prosperity marks her condition, [
the people are thankful for all the j
manifold advantages which it is their j
lot to enjoy. The clergy of all denom- ;
{nations admit that the spiritual out- ■
look Is ever brightening. Therefore will j
the great choirs and worshipers with |
good reason give voice to their thank- j
fulness in sacred melodies which will j
eound the truest of harmony on Christ- ■
mas day.
PROGRA3DIE AT ST. PAUL'S.
Mendelssohn, Stalner and Glover Will
Be Among Those Heard.
At St. Paul's Church, Califoria
street, near Fillmore. the Rev. W. M.
Reilly, rector, the programme ar
ranged by the organist, Wray Taylor,
F. G. C. M.. Is perhaps one of the most
elaborate ever presented in this beau
tiful edifice. The music and service
will be in the following order;.
Holy oomaiuolon. 7:30 a. m.; morning ser
vice. 11 o'clock; processional hymn 49. "O
Come All Te Faithful" (Adeste Fldeles);
Venite and Glorias. after Proper Psalm*
t Woodward) ; Te Deua, Jubilate. In C major
tWray Taylor* ; hymn 51. "Hark! the Herald
Angela Sing" (Mendelssohn): hymn 58. "O
Little Tcwn of Bethlehem" (Redner): sermon;
Kj-rie, Gloria TJbi. Sanctus (King Hall>: an
them, "It Cune Upon the Midnight Clear"
<Stainer): sentence, "All Thingi Com* of Thee.
O Lord"; sevenfold ansen (Stalner); Nur.o
i.rrr.-.-.tis in E flat <Freemaatle); recessional
hymn 540. "Once In Royal David's City"
tGauntlett).
7:45 p. m. — Carol Bervioe: processional hymn
49. "O Come, 'All T« Faithful" (Adeste
Fldeles); Glorias. <Tter Proper Psalms (Wood
ward): Magnificat, None Dimlttis In C major
(C. Simper); hymn 53. "O Little Town of
Bethlehem" fRednex); tenor solo, "It Cam*
I'pcn.the Midnight Clear" (Meyer Helmund).
V. S. Richards:, carol, "See Amid the Winter
S/bott " eo!o by the boys; contralto toto,
-Fleei. Holy Babe ' (H. J. Stewart). M!?B
M&niS* Purdy; male quartet,- "Calm on the
Lin'cing Ear" (Hopkins); soprano sclo,
"Glory l» God" (Rotoli). Mrs. Merrihew-
Pearoe; organ, "Christmas Intermezzo" (Tay
lor); carol, "The Firrt Noel" (Traditional):
bass eolo. "Christmas Socg" (Adams). George
R, Bird: carol, "Ail My Heart This Night
Rejoices" (H. J. Stewart), quartet; carM,
"P-iiii Out th« Christmas Belle" (Glorer);
sevenfold axoen (Stalner): recessional hymn
54<>. "Ctece in Royal David's City" (Gaunt
lett).
St. Paul's choir: Quartet — Mrs. Merrihew-
Pearc*. soprano; Miss MauJe Purdy, contralto;
V. S. Richards, tenor; George R. Bird, basso;
sopr&ncs — Mrs. Lornax. Miss Kolte, Miss Grace
Brown. Miss E. Mumford. Miss Helen SlcJd
more. Mrs. Grant. Miss M. B. Folsom. Mi™
Alice Field, Mis* Loals* Kellogg. Miss J.
Townes: contraltos — Dr. C 8. Richards, Mi?s
Klsie Prichard. Miss Isabel Kirk: tenors — O.
E. Lelacd. L. E. Roberts. R. A. Brown;
ts-«'s — William Mackay, Charles Baker. Judge
A.- Van Hovenberg. T. A. Harrison: boys —
eruciCier. Walter Martin: Wl'.lie Field. Robert
"Beck. C. Van Xnys. B. Farmer. Howard Mar-
tin. HaroM Hangfay. Edward Bullard. Frank
Baxter. Raymond Schultheiss; organist and
choirmaster, Wray Taylor, F. G. C. M.
WILIi HEAR STRONG CHOIR.
Howard Presbyterian Church Singers
Will Render Great Number*.
The services at Howard Presby
terian Church, Oak and Baker streets.
Rev. John S. Thomas pastor, will con
sist of splendid musical numbers both
morning anh evening. The arrange
ment is as follows:
Christmas Bervieea. morning — Organ prelude,
."Christmas" (Ashmall): doxology and invoca
tion; acthem. "There Were Shepherds" (Buck):
responsive reading; hymn. "Hark, the Herald
Argele Sing" (Mendelssohn); reading of scrip
ture; soprano soio. "The Birthday of a King"
(Neidlinger); prayer: chorus. "Let Us Go Unto
Eethelhem" (Hatton); hymn, "It Came Upon
the Midnight Clear" (Willis); announcements;
"OCertory," solo and chorus. "Noel" (Adam);
the sermon; hymn, "O Come. All Te Faith
ful" (Reading); benediction; po*tlad<\ "Gloria"
from "Twelfth Mass" (Mozart). Evening praise
service — Organ prelude. "Cujus Anlmam." from
■•Ptabat" Mater" (Rossini): anthem. "Let Us
Go Unio Bethlehem" (Hattcn): invocation:
hymn. "Hark. th« Glad Socnd" (Baker); read
ing of scripture: soprano solo. "One* Again
We Hail With Joy" (Pessard); prayer; chorus.
"Shout the Glad Tidings" (Hawley): hymn,
"O Little Twwa of Bethlehem" (Redner); an
nouncements; offertory, solo and chorus. "Nai
areth" i Go-rod*: the address; hymn. "All Hail
the Power of Jesus' Name" (Holden); bene
diction; postlude. "Festal March" (Brewer).
The choir — Mrs. Lambert Whltehurst. Mrs.
James E. Gordon. Mrs. George Armstrong.
Mrs. A F. Plllsbury. Mrs. George Norton. Mrs
E. L. Snell, Mrs. J. H. Arms. Mite Fannie
G*ttle. Edward M. Moore. David W. Wise,
O^rlea Jenkins, Charles E. Ker. Oscar WU
liams. A. B. ' Anderson; William F. Hooke,
organist and choir master.
EQUAL FORMER YEARS.
! Exquisite Numbers Will B<s Sung at
First Presbyterian Church.
The First Presbyterian Church, Van
■ Ness avenue and Sacramento street,
the Rev. William Kirk Outhrle pas
tor, will hold services morning and
evening and the music will be In keep-
Ing with the excellence of the Christ
mas programmes In previous years un
der the direction of Otto Flelssner,
the organist- The service will be
given in this order:
Morning service — Organ prelude. "Pastorale"
(Alex GuUxnast); doxoloer; the Lord's Prayer;
the apostle's creed; Gloria Patri by the choir;
anthem. "Now When Jastu Waa Born" (J. L.
Hatton): psalter; aeleetlon S9; Psalms 107:
chant by the choir; hymn 7L "Joy to the
World, the Lord is Come": reading- of the
Scriptures; anthem. "Tbere Were Shepherds"
(Alfred R- G&al); byron 74. "Hark! the Herald
Angels Sing" : prayer: Christmas - offering,
•'For . the Cause of Home Missions" : soprano
solo. "I Know That My Redeemer. Llveth"
(G. Handel); termoa by the pastor: benedic
tion; organ postlnde, "Christmas March" (J.
Lessmens).
Evening '•errice — Organ prelude. "Pastorale."
(Arthur Foote): anthem. "Elng Unto tb« Lord"
(XV. L. Blumensch«in) : psalter, selection 34,
ptaJrn 92: "Gloria Patri" by the choir; hymn 57.
"All Hail the Power of Jems* Name": bass
solo. "Once Arain We Hail With Joy" (Emile
Pf-ssard): reading cf the Scriptures; tenor solo,
"Hall! Tfaon Long Expected Jesus" (W. L.
Blunsenscheln): prayer; anthem. "Arise. Shine
for Thy Light I* Come" (O. W. Marstcn);
hymn 73. "O. Com* All T« Faithful"; offer,
tory. trla for riolln. violoncello and organ.
"Andante" (Gnariee Mari« Widor); contralto
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. DECEMBER 23, 1904.
eolo. "The XatlvUy" (Harry Row« Pljelley);
sermon by the pastor; benediction: orsan post
lude. "Christmas Postlude." (B«rthold Tours).
The choir— Mrs. Ashler R. Faull. soprano;
Miss Mipnon Judson. contralto: William B.
Anthony, tesor; Charles I* Flrebaugn. tenor;
assisted by Mrs. Grnenhagen-Gwynn. violin;
John R. G»ynn, violoncello; Otto Fleiwner,
organist and choirmaster.
PLAN* GREAT SERVICES.
Song and Sermon Will Be Heard at
Emmanuel Baptist Church.
At Ernnjanuel Baptist Church. Bartlett street,
near Twenty-third. Rev. J. George Gibson pa«
tor. there ' are in preparation two grand pro
grammes, which will b« Riven In the following;
ord«"r :
Morning service. 11 o'clock — Ortrin. "A<le»te
Fidelia"" (arranged by Ashford); hymn. "Hark!
the Herald Angels Sins"; Invocation: barytone
polo. "O Wonderful Day" (Lcnvden), Rev. 'J.
George Gibson; responsive reading, psalm 24:
Fopraiio to!c. "Hark! the Song" (Du Bois),
Miss Mabel Jacks6n Christ <•!■: prayer; Lord's
Prayer, chanted by the congregation; trio
organ, piano, violin — "Anpelus" (arranged
from '"The Serenade") : congregational hymn,'
••Whl!e Sbcthf)d< "Watched Their Flo.ks"; con
tralto sole.* "Bethlefcem Star" (Stearns), Mrs.
Grace Savage Gilbert: Scripture reading. Luke
1:40-55; "Gloria Patri"; notices; offertory.
"Grand Offertoire-De Noel" (Thayer); barytone
*o!o, "Shine Forth. O Star of Glory" 1 (arranged
froni Rossini). Rev. J. George Gibson; rhort
sermon; hymn. "Joy to the World. " Xo. 1;
benediction; recessional, orchestra-march (Tul
lar). - .
Evening service, 7:45 o'clock — Organ. "Shout
the Glad Tidings" (arranged by Ashford);
hyrnn. "While Shepherds Watched Their
Flocks"; invocation; barytone solo, "Sweet
Chlxcing Bells' iPest). Rev. J. George Gibecn:
Scrlptnr* reading, Isaiah lx:l-9: soprano §olo.
"Peace On Earth and Mercy Mild" (Blaraen
echein). Miss Carrie M. Eulass; prayer and
Lord's Prayer, chanted by congregation: hymn.
"Kark! the Herald Angels Sing"; bass solo.
"Behold the Orient Star" (Towne). D. B. Bow
ley; Scripture reading, Matthew lirl-12; "Glo
ria Patri": trio — organ, piano, violin — "Tb«
Harp of St. Cecilia" <Wiegand): notices; so
prano solo, "I Will Extol Thee, O Lord" (Cos
ta), Mrs. Lencre Greven; oltertcry, ■"Yuletide
Charm"' (Engelmann); barytone iolo, "Rlc?
Out Happy Bells" (Meredith), Rev. J. Gearga
Gibson; short sermon; hymn. "My Country,
'TU of Thee," Xo. 20: benediction: recessional,
orchestra-march (arranged from Bizet).
Pipe org&n. Miss Lctta J. Underbill: piano.
Miss Lillian Bennett and Mi«s Alta Hawley;
violin, C. H. Blank; cornet, Harry McQee..
FIXE MUSIC AT ST. LUKE'S.
As Is Usnal, Organist Sabin Prepares
Splendid Programme.
A beautiful programme of sacred
music will be heard at -St. Luke's
Church, Van Ness avenue and Clay
street, the Rev. Burr M. Weeden, rec
tor. The programme will be as fol
lows:
Morning — Processional, hymn 49, "O Ccme,
All Te Faithful"; reading; Venite, Anglican
chant: te deum in B flat (Stanford): Jubllato
la B flat (Stanford); credo In B flat (Stanford);
latrclt Noel (Adam), solo Master Harold For
maa; Kyrie In B fiat (Stanford): Gloria T1W In
B flat (Stanford): hymn 51. "Hark! the Herald
Angels Sinjr" (Mendelssohn) ; offertory, ""Sirs,
Oh Heavens" (Sir Arthur Sullivan): Sanctus
in B flat (Stanford): Agnus Dei in D (Sabin);
Gloria in Excelsla In B flat (Stanford): reees
rfonal. hymn S3. "Shout the Glad Tidings,"
Avison.
Evening — Processional, hymn 49. "O Come,
All Te Faithful": reading, psalm S5; MagniScat
In D (Sabin); Nunc Dimlttis In D (Sabin):
carol. "Everywhere Christmas To-night"
(N'evln): address; carol, "Good King Winces
las" lAron.): offertory carol. "In the Fle.lda"
fWest): carols, "Holy Kight" (M. Haydn).
"Tb* First Noel" <Ancn.): recessional, hymn
6S. "O Little Town of Bethlehem." Wallace
A. Sabin, organise
SER^CE AT ST. JA>IES'.
Elaborate Preparations Are Planned
for Church In Richmond District.
At St. James Church, Clement street,
near Sixth avenue, Richmond district,
Rev. S. J. Lee rector, a special pro
gramme of music has been arranged
which will be given by St. James* full
choir, which is considered one of the
most effective in the city. The order
of service will be:
Holy Communion, 7:30 a. m.: morning prayer
and second celebration, 11 o'clock; evensong.
7:30 o'clock. Morning — Processional. "Herald
Angels": Te Deum (Wocdward); Kyrie <For
tay); offertory "The Birthday of a King"
(Nevins). tenor solo aad chorus; recessional.
"Holy Voices"; rector, the preacher. Evening
— Processional. "Prince of Peace"; Magnificat
(Garret!) : Nunc DimUtis (Stalner); offertory
*olo, Noel. Miss Pahl: recessional, "Bethle
hem": preacher, evening. ReT. Dr. O'Meara.
Vested choir; soloists— Miss Pahl. treble: Mr.
Marshall, basso: Mr. Oldham. tenor; morning
organist, F. H. Lockyer; evening organist. Pro
fessor James Vincent.
WELCOME FOR SAILORS.
A Hearty Greeting Awaits Seafaring
Men at Seamen's Institute.
Seamen's Institute, 32 Steuart
street, near Market, Rev. Wingfleld
D'gby chaplain — Early communion.
Special Christmas services at 11 in
the morning and 6:45 in the evening,
with music.
The services at the institute on
Christmas are always largely attend-
)r r s J * ° ° °
°<r A P i a 11 o i n Y o u r H o me
$ CHRISTMAS MORNING M
0»0 Nothing; can give keener or more lasting pleasure; an article that , jjmmm|j|M Ik
.y*" jf^^fflwBftt w '" grace and adorn j-our household; Tiot on Xmas day alone, but for «^«m^B^a / il€ '
V\S**ra i «a , years to come. Just as easy to buy a piano as any other article. You ft
/Jr Jsz igr' need to pa>' only a little money down, and the balance may be divided fl I ififfli
\S2r :i f£r " 1to little sums j-ou can pay each month. J3 F^HJfJ'BK?!
/MJft'^A ~ ■ WE INVITE A CAREFUL COM- W
)mMWr ■ PARISON OF OUR PIANO VALUES | Wgmm'fi
\SP«fi» /v WITH THOSE OF OTHER DEAL- J^KX/l
Ifo^v ERS. DO THIS AND YOU'LL THEN HK^WKI
\Mm 1@L /**C*^s>^ APPRECIATE^ THE ADVANTAGES II
|p|m /^O^^^ WE OFFER. \ stora^oje^^^i^. ll^^P^
(The Iiarreit Music Eouu on tits Coast) - 4fl Hyal
' VImIBM*-^ *.*-^r^ COB. FOST AKT> KSAJUTT STS. EJhK^|| 1^
POLICE AFTER
KINGDON GOULD
Dean of Columbia University
Called on by Officer In
vestigating Students' Row
SILENCE MAINTAINED
Eeport Is Made That the
Reticence of Scholars Pre
vents Able Sleuth Work
NEW YORK, Dec. 22.— Captain Me-
Glynn began a personal investigation
to-day of the action of KIngdon Gould
in drawing a revolver on. a crowd of
Columbia University sophomores who
were attempting to capture him. He
visited the university to-day and had
a talk with. Dean Hutton of the School
of Applied .Sciences, after which he
questioned at length C. A. Alghtlinger,
one of the sophomores said to have
been in the attacking party when Gould
fired a revolver.
Captain McGlynn also visited the fra
ternity house in which Young Gould
took refuge. He was told there that the
young man had not been at the house
to-day. After further investigation
Captain McGlynn made a report on the
case to Police Commissioner McAdoo
in which he said it was difficult to ob
tain any information as the students
were reticent about the affair.
It was said to-day that Dean Hutton
had reached a decision as to what shall
be done with the sophomores partici
pating in the affair. This will be an
nounced to-morrow. Kingdon Gould
has been requested to appear before the
dean to-morrow, when some action will
be taken In his case for the firing of
the revolver.
ed by the seamen in port and it has
ever been the desire of those In charge
to assure worshipers a hearty wel
come. This year will be no exception
to the rule of the institute, for be
sides the religious service there will
be a cheery greeting: for the Bailor
who is far away from his home.
GIOKZA'S FIRST MASS.
Great Work Will Be Given at St.
Francis Cnurch.
Tb» masses at St. Francis Chnrch, Vallejo
street and Montgomery avenue. Rev. Father
T. Caraher rector, will be celebrated at 5, 6,
7. S. 9. 10 and 11 o'clock- At the 5 o'clock
mass the music will be furaUhed by the young
ladies* choir, under the direction of Miss Maria
Ryan." At the 11 o'clock mass Rev. W. E.
McGcugh -will be celebrant. Rev. T. Caraber
d*sron and Rev. W. Cleary subdeacon. Rev.
T. Canher will preach the fermon. taking for
his subject. "Christmas In Bethlehem."
The music at this miu wUl be very beau
tiful and will include Kyrle. Gloria. Credo
and Benedictus from Glorza's first mass. Sanc
tu« from Cimarosa's mass and Asrnu* Dei
from Haydn's mat* No. 2. Offertory,
Adam's '"Noel." The "Adeste Fldells," ar
ranged by Novel'o. will be sung by the entire
choir. Sopranos, Mi"? Rcse Broderick. Miss T.
Vahey. Mira M. Thiel. Mrs. A. Klc>"y. Miss
M Kilcommon. Mis« C. Paulis«en: alto«. Misa
L. VlauUn. Miss C. Steven*. Miss A. WiUIsms;
unor, J Ctnitere; basso. J. Hlckey; organist.
Miss M. C. Pchaefer. .
"ALIi OX A CHRISTMAS DAY."
Xewconibe's Carol Will Be Snug at
First Congregational Oiureh.
Orgranist Samuel D. Mayer has com
pleted the following musical pro
gramme for morning and evening in
the First Congregational Church, Post
and Ma«on street*, Rev. George C.
Adams, D.D., pastor:
Morning, 11 " o'clock — Organ prelude: carol,
"All on a Chri^tma? Day" (Newcombe); an
ihrm, "Sing, O Heavens, and Be Joyful. O
Earth" <Rogen«>: soprano solo. "O'er the Hills
of Bethlehem" (Shelley); offertory, contralto
solo. "Noel" (Adam); anthem. "M»?s!ah is
King*' (Warren); organ poftlude.
Evening, 7:40 6'clork— -The Christmas ora
torio of "The Nativity" <H. J. StewaTt,
Mus. Doc.); offertory. "Invocation." for
violin and organ (Mrs. H. II. A. Beach).
Choir- — Miss Camille Frank, soprano: Mrs.
Marian E. B. Robinson; contralto: Herbert
Williams, tenor; 1^ A. Lareen, bass; Hath-r
Wi5roer. violin; Samuel D. Mayer, organist
and director.
WILIi GI\'E CHORAL SERVICE.
United Choirs at California-Street
3Iethodist Episcopal Church.
The united choirs or the First and
California-street Methodist Episcopal
churches will be heard in the choral
senice at the latter church, California
and tjroaencK streets, on sunaay
evening, 'me programme win oe:
"Arise Shine, for Thy Light Is Come"
(Back) Mrs. Robb and choir: "O Little Town
In Bethlehem'* <Nelollncer). Miss Mattern and
choir: offertory, "Air" (Bach-Gounod).
Miss Munroe: '"Glory to God." contralto solo
(Rotoli). Mrs. O. V. MendenhaU; address. Rev.
George A. Hough; "Noel," soprano sola
ADVERTISEJIEVTS.
Anything and ><0sik
Everything in
Furs for Christmas >^^^w
$1^ to $1000^° / J^»
The handsomest styles and l^^fm' jTJtf^^r^
Best, values in the dty . . .
<Adam) Miss Smith: "Hark. What MeaJi
Those Holy Voices" (Whiting), Miss Hipkins
and choir; organ numbers. "Naxaxeth" (Whlt
ney-Gounod) "In Paradlsum" (Dubois). "Feat
Merch" (Lachmex). J. H. Hallowell. organist.
APPROPRIATE NUMBERS.
Choir of Bethlehem Congregational
Church to Sing Grand Strains.
At Bethlehem Congregational Church,
Twenty-fourth and Vermont streets.
Rev. John A, Hollars pastor, the music
will Include the beautiful composi
tion, "It Came Upon the Midnight
Clear." The programme has been ar
ranged as follows:
Morning— "It came Upon th« M ' d " ! K, h .J
Clear" <Seott); "piory in the Highest
Evening— Duet by members of the choir,
"Our Message": "I Have Set a Watchman
UiKjn Thy Wall*." by the choir.
WORKS OF THE MASTERS.
Haydn and Rossini's Compositions
Will Be Heard at St. Josepli'*.
At St. Joseph's Church. Tenth and Howard
street*. ReT. Father Mulligan rector, there
will be high mass at 5 o'clock a. m. and low
macs every half hour from 6:S0 to 0:30 o'clock.
The. 10:30 o'clock majs will be a solemn hisn
mas?, with solemn benediction Immediately
The musical programme will be a* follows:
At the 5 o'clock mart the Kyrle and Gloria,
a pastoral. Credo. Sanctus and Agnus Del from
"La Hache"; Christmas anthem by Cagllero
and "Adeste Fidelis." At 10:30 mass. Hay
dn's first mass and at the offertory. *"En
Scaera. Noce" (ROssinlJ. -.
AT ALTi HALLOWS CHURCH.
La Hache*s\"3Ilssa Pro Pace" Will
Be Rendered.
At All Hallows Church. South San Fran
cisco, there will be Imposing services and
ruu»lc Masses .will be celebrated at 6. S and
1030 o'clock a. m.; La Hache's "Mlssa Pro
Pace" will be sung at the high naff by the
rejrular choir. Sopranos, Misses Catherine
Bayle. Annie Ayers; altos. Misses Liillan Tur
ner Annie Sllva; tenor. Esrle Waterman;
bis's, M. W. Farrell; organist. Mrs. Agnes
Troy.
Christmas Stationery.
Beautiful boxes of stationery that
make useful as well as very handsome
Christmas presents; also ink stands,
de«k pads and calendars. Designs not
Fkowr. elsewhere. Sanborn, Vail & Co..
741 Market street. *
LETCHKR APPLIES FOR WRIT.— A peti
tion for a writ of habeas corpus on behalf of
George W. Letcber was presented to United
Slates Circuit Judge Hunt yesterday. The
Judge aaid he wr.uld hear the application at
10 o'clock this morning. Letcher is under In
dictment by a Grand Jury In Ohio for the
crime of arson. He is now in custcdv of the
police In this city awaiting extradition.
' An exhibition of the work of the Part
lngton School of Illustration will be held
on Saturdav and*TMonday. December - 24
and 26. An interesting lot of studies
will be shown. All are invited.
SELLING LlQfOlt ON THE SLY.—Infor
mation reached Captain John Mooney of the
City Hall station that liquor had been sold
without a license to eoldier* and others by
several parties on Baker street, fronting the
Prfildio reservation. Officers McIIngh. Nye
and Sweeney arrested Antonio M«*r«s. Emil
Lather Samuel Jarobson and O. H. B. BelL
Constipation. the fruitful source of
many other complaints, is quickly cured
by taking Lash's Bitters. •
FELL FROM HIS WAGON. — Louis Moralll.
residing at 1S15» Powell street, was thrown
from a wagon yesterday at Haight and La
gUna street?. In falling the front wheel pas!>*d
over his left leg at the ankle, injuring the
joint. Dr. Millar set the broken limb ar the
Emergency Hospital.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
European and American Stars
Albertina Melich; Lncy and Viate. aad !
Orpsetun Motion rictnrea.
Last Time* of Alfred A. rarlaads Aid* !
Hamml; Teraoa; Ford Sisters: Dilloa!
Brother! aad
HERRMANN THE GREAT
Aaalated toy "«»"■ HZBSMAinr.
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday. Thurs-
day, Saturday and Eunlay.
PRICES— 10c. 25c and Me.
Commencing Next Sunday Afternoon.
TSS OBEAT
ORPHEUM ROAD SHOW
Special Matinee Monday. December 20.
COLUMBIA iSisTS
LAST FOUR TIME3.
Up to and Including NEXT SUNDAT.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
KLAW and ERLANG.R Present
TIIOS. Q. StABROOKE
In the Spectacular Musical Farce Novelty,
THE BILLIONAIRE
NEXT MONDAY NIGHT
Henry W. Savage OSers the Musical Satire. !
THE SULTAN
OF SULU
By. the Author of "The County Chairman."
GRAND SSESSli
Maticee To-morrow — La»t 2 Nixht*.
WILLIAMS
an5 WALKER I
NEXT MONDAY NIGHT,
Blanche Bates the
DARLING of the GODS
SEAT3 NOW SELLING. -
«n|W8IJhou$[
e\t:ry night at 9.
saturday mat. at 2.
KIINO
OODO
Eitra Christmas Mats. !££;. SIS:
SEATS ALWAYS SELLING.
SPECIAL I Grand Transformation Scene.
CHRISTMAS I "A CHILD'S DREAM OF
EVE. I CHRISTMAS."
ALCAZAR-waT
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— MATS. SAT. AND SUN.
Great Hit Sol i-mith Russell's Comedy.
PEACEFUL VALLEY.
JOHN CRAIG AS HOSEA HOWB.
Fnll of fan — Delightful sentiirent.
Ere* tie to SOc. Mat*.. Sat.. San.. 23c to SOc
NEXT" WEEK— XMAS MAT. MONDAY.
Sapertr-Prodnctlon. Ma nsSeld'a Version
OLD HEIDELBERG
TELEGRAM FROM THE OWNERS.
NEW YORK. Dec. 20. 19O4— Belaseo Ml
Mayer: You have rights Old Heldelbers for
San Francisco. Any other announoement*- «■-
authorized. Wlshiar you all success.
(SUroed) • 8HUBERT BR03.
New Year'* Week— LOST RIVER.
Market Street, Near Eighth... Phoa* 800th T"3
LAST THREE NIGHTS.
MATINEE3 SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Superb Production of Lincoln J. Carter* ■
j Great , Melodrama,
TWO LITTLE WAIFS
Direct From the Criterion Theater, Chlcag*,
With TEMPEST and SUNSHINE In th»
Title Ro>9 and the Entire Central
Stock Company.
Startling Electrical and Mechanical Effaeta,
Thrtlllna; All the Time!
Price*— Eve.. 10c to SOc Mat?.. 10c. 15c. 23c.
i SPECIAL MATINEE!
: MONDAY AND ALL NEXT WEEK.
i The Heart o! Chicago
! Hew -JMjT Jockey
California W$ Club
OAKLAKD TXAOZ.
■ Racing every week day. rain or shin*.
Race* start at 2 :li p. m. sharp.
CHBIBIHIS HAKLICA?. $3000 lUsi. t» B. Eaa
KOHDaY. Dtttaiier 28.
1 For special trains stopping at tha track take
S. P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12:00i
12:30. 1:00. 1:80 or 2:00. Returning trains
leave the track at 4:10 and 4:45 p. m. and im-
mediately after the last race.'-
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
/ PERCY -W. TREAT. Secretary.
AMU5E3IENTS.
H. -WT. EISKOP, Lessee and Maaagsr.
L.^ST THREE NIGHTS.
XSe aad SOc— MAT. TO-MORROW— 23c aa3 5T*
Oliver Ucrcsco Offers
HOWARD COCLD— J. II. GILilOCR
And tl>* Incosiparable MaJ^tic Player* In L
>.*. Morris* Great Scenic Drama,
JIM BLUDSO
* B«r!fiafciff Chrtstma* Monday Matlaee — "A
CONTENTED WOMAN."
To Follow — Dul7 authorized v«r»!en ef Rich-
ard Mansfield** productloa cf "OLD HEIDEL-
BERG."
# CALIFORNIA^
LAST TWO TIMES TO-MORROW. 1 «
Rose Melville I
la H«r Original Cesfiy Cr»3t!co. £j
SIS HOPKINS rj
I WARMEST THEATER IN TOWX.| rt
STEAM HEAT THROUGHOUT. f.|
V*±t Sunday asatta**,
James A. Hmit'i Greatest of alt
Acierlcaa Plars.
SHORE ACSZS I
With Brest of the original east, la-
cludicr James A. Cailoway. Atkiss
Lawrence and Be]> Theadcr*. r
Speeial Iloliday Matineo Monday.
K^JilwfSn Tuesday an! TJiTirsdar
JS&&**:w£s, Evca.. Jazx. 3-5: Sat-
urdliy Matiaee, Jaa. 7.
■BPRvvt'IBo S«-a«oa Tickets *4-5O.
V^^^'^-^y &2Q- $2. CO— ready neit
>£ < £^~1 'j.l*r Tuesday mcrnlns. Sla«:a
seats. S2.0O. %1.M. $1.0i> —
rfady FW<iaT Mornlas fol-
lowlsr. at Sherman. Clay ft Co.'*. where com-
plete programmer ina? be obtained. Special
concert at !?t. Francis Hotel. Wadnesday
Bi-enlnr. Dec. 2S>. at 9. Seats. $2.50. Box
Ofact. Sherpian. CUy & Co.'s.
Crexy Afternoon mi Ereniar in t2t«
Heated Theater. Batn er Saint.
PRINCESS~FAN TAN
SCORES OP SPBCIALTIES*
sco performers:
A BIG SHOW BT X.ITTT.E PEOPLE:
ELECTRIC FOrXTAlX SATURDAY AND
SUNDAY NIGHT?.
CHRISTMAS TRKK Sun.lay and JJrnday Af-
teraoens. with a Gift for Every Cfeild Visit-
ing th« Chute*
No Increase In Prices.
ADMISSION. 10c CHILDREN, ha.
MISCELLANEOUS AJICSESIENTS.
PISCHEB'S THSATEB.
Continncua Vaudeville. TONY LUBELSXL
10c and 20c; CiUdren 10c. General Manager,
At «very Matin** tnis week.
A box ef fine candy to
All t*v» boy* and rlrla.
Tea Great Acts. :
P«1o rp DON'T FAIL TO
I dlavC gee the b< . an tifail
j COURT Lounging
/Ififl room, the EMPIRE
uuu Parlor, the
r 1 PALM ROOM, the
ilTflflfl LOUIS XV PAR-
uiuiiu LOR^ ud the LA .
II 2^1- DIE S* WRITING
I notels I room.
DDTT OTJT7O for bajibeks. bak-
xJIAU Oil HlO er »- bootblacks. »atS-
i houses, billiard tables,
brewer*, booktiader*. caadr makersi canaers,
dyers, fioor mil!t, foundries, laundries, paper-
hanger*, printer*, painter*, *ho« factories. *ta-
blezoea. tar- roofer*, tanner*, tailors, tts.
MUCHJOXAX BBOS,
Braah Kannfacturera. 609 Sacramento St.
. IA/. T. HESS.
Votary PnUle aad Attor=er-tVU».
Tenth Floor. Room 1013. Clans Spreckel* bli*.
Telephon* Main 9S3.
Raatdence. ISC2 McAllister *t.
Restdenc* Telephone Pag* 56AL
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican Remedy. gr»e* health ami
«trength ta sexual organs De»t. 323 Mark«t.
DIRECTORY
OP RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
IBArT BOOTS AH9 SXTUOXTS.
AU kind* repaired. Globe Sheet Metal Works.
1175-llTi Mission uu Phone Main 5461.
~~~ OU.3.
LCBRICAT1XO OILS: LEONARD * ELLI3,
41S Front *t., S. F. Phone Mala 1T13.
EC HITfifTPC PRINTEll.
. U DtUIlti, 811 EaaaoB* «.. B. T,
910
BATTLING NELSON AND JIMMY GARDNER MAY FIGHT IN JANUARY
CLAUDE DEFEATS MARTINMAS
Many-Time Derby Winner
Has XotJForgotten How
to Sprint.
»
STILICHO A WINNER
Five Public Choices Get
Home in Front at Oak
land Track.
B0KGHES1 A WARM ONE
BY FRED K. MULHOLLAXD.
If given the opportunity Claude
could probably be^i Big Dutch, Gov
ernor Thomas, Pat Tucker and all
the balance of the Oregon short liners
any distance from three panels down
to the length of a clay pipe stem, for
M:k>> Daly has transformed his many
time Derby winner Into an out and
out sprinter. The bay horse started
in a eix-furlong purse number at Oak
land yesterday and. with Willie Daly
in the saddle, had the pleasure of de
l«*ating two such fapable pieces of
racing hardware a:- Charley Hen
snail's Martinmas and Iridiu«, the lat
ter from the Jennings stable. Willie
Daly is not as clever as Johnny, for
he can lose ground where his elder
brother would save it. However, he
•lid v«ell yesterday.
Quoted at 9 to 5 once during the
letting. Claude closed a 3 to 2 favor
ite. Martinmas and Iridius shaped out
all the early pace and it was not un
til a furlong from home that Claude
Cot up to them. Once on even terms
the favorite gradually forged ahead,
leading Martinmas out a neck in 1.13.
Iridius as usual weakened, though
running a creditable third. The other
starters were outclassed.
FIVE FAVORITES SCORE.
It was a day when the ring was
called upon to stand some punish
ment, for five straight favorites
marched down the line before a break
occurred. The climatic conditions
were favorable and there was a large
crowd in attendance.
Toupee, a fair sort of plater on the
Xew York tracks, took the opening
sprint from a bunch of cheap ones.
The iittle Tenny gelding looked in a.
soft spot and from threes his odds
were hammered down to 9 to 5 fa
voritism. Sam Greenfield had him in
front before the stretch was reached
and he blew in an easy winner over
the 30 to 1 Fhot, Flo Manola. Box
Elder, a 50 to 1 chance, finished in
the show.
In previous races David Boland waa
never without a dazzling assortment of
speed, and with the distance sawed off
to five furlongs, the two-year-old
scramble fitted him like a brand
new overcoat. In the betting, David
ruled abc-r equal favorite with
The Reprobate. Ridden by Frank
Reed, he outfooted Princess Zula,
a 20 to 1 outsider, beating the
filly less than a length. M. A. Powell
ran a close third, after being cut off
once on the far turn by the winner.
The Reprobate sulked after Davis drew
the whip on him.
BORGIIESI A SURPRISE.
A seven-furlong purse event for
maidens was responsible for one of the
warmest tips of the season. Moormead
Farm sent a good looking brown colt
by Brutus-Ledette called Borghesi to
the post. When the bookmakers
chalked 6 to 1 against his name. It
looked as if the association would have
to resort to the riot call. At 8 to 5 con
siderable money was taken by the* lay
ers, and this finally gave way to evens.
The green hand at the game had Jakle
Jones on his back and. while he did not
run like a •■phenom," everybody* got in
lina after the race, and that is suf
ficient. The good thing early headed
Emma Reubold and at the wire won
ridden out from Darksome and Sunny
Shore, steuning the seven furlongs in
1:28. Silicate displayed considerable
speed to the stretch.
Garnet Ferguson's gelding Stilicho
finally found a location that suited him,
annexing the mile and fifty-yard sell
ing fixture without half trying. He
was, nicely handled by Davis and, a 9
to 10 favorite, led Scherzo by the Judges
more than two lengths. The old cam
paigner Barrack, sporting the colors of
the young Chicago turfman, Tony Bar
rett, finished a becoming third. Flaunt
ran disappointingly.
G. W. TRAIIERN FINISHES FIRST.
If Travers made any mistakes with
G. W. Trahern In a race decided last
Saturday, which was won by Flying
Torpedo, he corrected his faults in the
last event yesterday by placing the
Summers' horse over the plate first.
He not only beat Flying Torpedo the
length of a Nevada stock train, but
also subdued Byronerdale, probably
the best of the middle-class selling
platers. Of course, it may be that G.
W. Trahern is a horse that requires
weight to keep him balanced on an
even keel, for in yesterday's essay he
picked up five pounds more than in
his preceding parody. There are no
apologies to make for Byronerdale.
He got away well and Davis had him
on the rail throughout. The last eighth
of a mile Travers, on G. W. Trahern.
passed him like throwing a plug hat
AD V ERTISEMEXTS.
WEAK MEN CURED
.~»— w«- ... _^jtl^ ' e have a safe.
SOLDONlVtvUS /i<^SS y^ flMPLK HOME
t?3» /JT cur * an<1 want
ifrt IX^t&n *. V **T X Y EA K or
2gl i «--. C5? S5 S v ' NPEVELOPED
Jl3 h* 1 • ™ S- man to ' try It for
ini^Mmf 'Ea< 10 «»>••■ "<»n «P-
klil '- :s »5t2f £ S n S proval without
iii;''"J l »^ir^ ; © SO <lJar?». CaU o=
'SB1 Ai^»~:>i 'j3j m O ':* or wriJf for
£jBii.>Vr- '.«>> <>ur new v*ry in
SZM ON THE iK.Q2 t tractive 100-page
ir 2SOUAHt «J& Illustrated book.
it»fT^ vw v * tyq z No - 6 - ful! >' e *-
'LuwuMMMMM * plaining our mo*t
lemarkable treat-
rent, it v.i'l u>ttre the fire and • VIGOR
<.1 YOnil. .'Th'' rnly positive in^ana knowp
I' '" MTPf t;CT URCTr!RA,L t^CCHCATION <u * u - *>>
«liich will fully enlarge an<J completely de.
v^'.cji the oreank, u«ed with our Soluble Cray-
<vr. quickly cures all drain*, and discharges
\»r'.cocQle. Stricture. Premature Decay Fn-
larscntcnt or Prortate Gland, etc. Our phy-
ticUn» are experienced cpeclali$U for MlC.V
<-r.\y. Wt J.a-.e the most succrsxfu] home cure
ii the world. CALL or WRITE TO-DAY
.V-ok «ent KECCnnLY SEALED free. Hours—
9 to 9. Sunday*— 10 to 1.
Vacunin Appliance Co., iSSyj: ;
SAX FRAXCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKliAXD — Thursday. Dec. 22. Weather fine. Track fast.
7V(Ki. FIRST RACE— Five and a half frulongG; selling; 3-yfar-oIdg; value to first, $325.
Ir.'lcjcl ~' Horse and Owner. IWtiSt. \\. >£~. %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. OP- cl
760ft (Toupee' (C. F. Clark) H)2!~4 !7! 2 2^1 n 1 2 13 |Greenneld . S-5 8-5
7577 |Klo Manola <M. J. Daly).... 107 1 ... 7^2 1Vj2 3 24 I\V. Daly .. 25 lo
7.%63 |Box Elder (J. J. Moran) 10S » ... 114 8 % 5 n 3 V 2 (Bell «» &0
71".»S .lJoIllo H. <K. J. Hart) H'Jjll ... 10 2 9 1 7 1 4n Travers.... 15 1^>
7SS1 jMaxtrcj*! «Kronick & Co.) 107 :t ... » n 7 hi 0 1 5 1 >4 Loague 6 »
| 75C7 iPit8!dio <D. Zollneky) ;107 5 ... In 3 2 3 M 6 >i Reed 30 3J>
7377 ! .Standard (J. J. McAlester).. ilC2!l0 ... 8 Vi « \i 8 2 7 «4 |W. Davis.. 8 1
7M5 jAI Waddle <P. J. Jones) ilioj 7 ... 4n 5h 4 1) 82 IJ. Jones ... < *•>
7Xf_* lYounR Pepper <E. Getchell). 107, 2 ... 5h iOJIO 9 1 ISherwood . t 7
7577 ,D!etributoi (F. J. Nell) 1C2| C ... 31 4^92 10 2 iTaylor «0 50
7551 iTrapsetter <L H. Ezell) U0| S ... « V4 11 H H Anderson .. 10 10
7S2K Queen Far (Mrs. Murry) 1U2 12 ... 12 0 12 J2 12 Alvarado .. JO 50
757S 'Infpfctor Munro (T. Fox). . . .|11O;13 ... 13 13 13 13 Bullman ... 6, «
Timt— :24, :43'i. 1:CS. At pest 2 minute*. Off at 2:1.3. Toupee, place. 4-5; show, 1-2. Ma
nola. place. «; show 3. Elder, show, 50. Winner, br. g. by Tenny-Flore*. Trained by K.
A. .«m,th. S?ratched--Mi»s l!ay LSowdish, Maiwellp. Start good. Won easily. Secona
fajily. Third driving. A soft spot for Toupee. - He can beat better ones. Ho Manola
moved up a few pumbers. Hox Elder ran a clever race. Dollle H. came from the rl« u <«
and will do at a longer rout*. Presidio ran with blinkers and showed speed, btandard
a slow bsg!nner. Al Waddle quit. Young Pepper is hotter stuff than this. Munro no
fpeed. . ' /
7<HHl. SECOND RACE— Five furloncs; Felling; 2-year-olds; value to first, $325. .
Index! Horse and Owner. IWtiSt. V* . TT- % - Str. Fin. 1 Jockey. j Op. - Cl.
7ZS» [ David Boland <Ba!rd & Co.)|U;,-.| 7 . . .' 2n 2 1141 n 1 *i I Reed I 5-2 2
7457 I Pr. Zula (I^agoria & Forbes). .,105j 1 ... 1 1 1 n 2 3 2 l'.fclJ. Jones .. 15 -0
(JCtMJM. A. Powell (Jones & Lu»k);iCS' '_' ... 3 »i 4 4 :i 1 3 2 IHelgesen ;. 20 Id
7491 ;A Lady (G. W. I>o<lge) |100 6 ... 5n 5n K 2 4 lUjTravers ... 20 *_3
757» ,The Reprobate <Keene & Oo.)il0l! 3 ... 4 2 3 1 4 >4 5 Va JW. Davis . 2 2
(TSSDjUly GolUing «J. T. Collins*. .|10ui S ... 6n 6 >i 0 2 0 2Vi!Alvarado .. 10 JO.
7M3 |t=accharate (N'ajia Stock Farm) 1 1M) 10 ... 9 2 0 2 7 'j 7 it ]Bullman .. 15 20"
..U iAlice Platt (Stevens & 8on).|l02| 8 ... 10 4 S «4 8 1 R »4 IHentlcy ... 15 40
7.V10 jGallant Cafsle 'Mrs. Miller). .1100, 5 .... 7 10 5 10 4 S> 3 Wiley 10 12'
75CU IMizpath (Summers & Co. ». . .|105| 4 81 74 91 10* McUuIre .. 20 50
7!W."> .Lady Greenwood (W. eahlll). . UUOjH ... 11 11 11 11 Greenfield . 20-30
Time— :23U. t48%! lidl 1 ;. At post 7 minute**. Off at 2:43. Boland. place. 4-5; sjiow. 2-5.
Zula, place, f; show. 4. Powell, show 4. Winner b. g. by David Tenny-Ella Boland.
Trained by W. M Balrd. Scratched— Meada, Nika, Ben Eric. Start good. Won ridden
out. Balance driving. Five furlongs Is the wlnner"s limit. Princess Zula is fast. M.
A. Powell cut off on back stretch or he might have secured tl:e currency. A Lady has
fpeed. The Reprobate apparently sulked. Gallant Cajole ran a poor race. Lady Green
wood »aj tri«d with blinker*.
7«t»»7. THIRD nAOE — 7 furlongs; purse: maidens; 3-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
Index: Horse and Owner. IWtiSt. & li- 9*. Str. Fin. J Jockey, j Op. Cl.
.Borghesi. 3 (Moormead Frm.)'lOSj 0 ... 2 2Vjl lVjl 2 1 % |J. Jcnes... 8-5 1
755m {Darksome. 3 (J. Touhey) iiOtti 4 ... 4 2 44 3 lMr2 3 [Helgesen ..6 7
75.S.1 ;Sunn» Shore, 4 <J. Dunn) JK>5 1 ... 8 h 8 n 5 »4 :{ ns [Greenfield . 8 10
7521 ;Kmma Reubold, 4 (Appleby). 10» 3 ... I h 3 1^2 2'.j4 1'ilBullman .. 0 7
75oS JTarrlKan. 4 (D. McCarty). . . IOSiIO ... 9h94 7n53 |Bell 80 60
|Joe Gall, 3 (W. Parrish) 105; 8 ... 7 4 6 1^6 Vt 6 5 |Travers ... 40 30
7521 Monla. 4 <L. H. Ezell) 110511 ... 13 11 14IO 7 l'fclAnderson .. 20 30
7582 jlntroductor. « IT. H. Ryan).|K9J12 ... 6h5h8h8\& IVlckery ... .8 8
75IK» jTechnlque, 8 (J. F. Clifford). |10l| 7 ... 6h 7 % » » 3 |R. Butler.. 40 60
75T.K IThorodale. 4 (W. M. Murray). |105l 2 ... 12 1 10 10 4 |Lnagu e ... 30 00
7542 'Border Mark. 4 (W. O'Brien). 1100 13 ... 11 1 12 2 12 11 n lAlarie 25 40
7.VTI i.tennie B. 5 <H. (". Bruhns). .jlOO 9 ... 10 n 13 13 12 |Alvarado .. 40 50
6242 ;silicate. 3 (W. B. Jennings). |lO5| 5 ... 3 1»£2 n 4 1 13 jLarsen 6 12
Time — :24. :49. 1:15^, 1:28. At post »i minute. Off at 3:05. Borghesi, place, 1-2T show,
1-4. Darksome, place, 2; show, 1. Shore, show. 8-5. Winner, br. s c. by Brutus-Le
k dctte. Trained by B. Timmons. Scratched — Scotch I^ad. Start good. Won ridden out-
Balance driving: hard. Winner was highly touted, but will have to get out of this gait
to beat cood ones. Darksome and Sunny Shore ran to form. Emma Reubold quit.
Vickery suspended for an indifferent ride on Introductor. Silicate had speed and may
beat a moderate field shortly. j
7OOS. FOURTH RACE — Six furlongs; purse; a\\ ajres; value to first, ?325.
Index 1 Horse and Owner. IWtiSt. \' t . *&. »;. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
70S(i Claude. 4 (M. J. Daly) 10S| 2 ... 3 *4 3 5 3 5 In W. Daly... 3-2 3-2
(5a35j!Martinmas 4 (Henshall) 105 ?,'...' 2 2 11 1 2%2 % Kunz 4 9-2
7585 flrldius. 4 (W. B. Jennings). .|10S 1 ... 1 h 2 1^2 1 3 0 IBullman ..3 3
7583 ,Sq. Johnson. 2 (Mrs. Miller). 89.7 ... 6 h 4 *i 4 M 4 4 |Wiley 6 10
751MJ lAlbula, 6 (Lamasney Bros.)..|10S 5 ... 5n (! 2^5 1W5 4 (Minder .... 15 13
7591 {Royal Rogue. 5 (J. N'ealon). . 11061 C* ... 4 2Vj5 1%« 10 1 Helgesen .. 20 25
7582 ! Red Tip. 5 (J. Henderson). .. |lOSJ 4 ... 7 7 7 7 H. Michels. 50 100
Time — :24. :47*i, 1:13. At post *4 minute. Off at 3:29Vi- Claude, place, 3-5; show. 1-3.
MartlnmaR, place, l>-5: show. 4-5. Iridius. show, 1-3. Winner, b. h. by Llssak-Lida H.
. Trained by M. J. Daly. Scratched — Magrane, W. R. Condon. Start good. Won all
driving. Claude was outfoo\ed the first five and a half furlongs, but waa going away
at the close. Martinmas ran a nice race first rattle out. Iridius breaks like a pane "of
glass when pressed too hard. Wiley not strong enough to handle Squire Johnson. Royal
Rc^ue bled. Red Tip will do when right.
7<M»f>. FIFTH JIACE— Mile and 50 yards, selling; 3-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
Index! Hone and Owner. IWtiSt. U. Vt- %*. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
7505 iStillcho. 4 T. O. Ferguson)... 9!) 1 1 14 1 1 1 1^1 4 1 2»{,IW. Davis... 1 9-10
7f>55 'Scherzo. 3 (Pt*?b!o Stable) 103 a 5 >i 4 n 3 n 3 3 2 l » Travers .... 8 . 7
2227 iBarrack. a (A.'E. Barrett) 1051 2. 7 5 74 72 5%31 Larsen 10 13
7552 'CTiarm-l. 4 (R. E. BridKett) . . 09.'<Sn2%S12n45 J. Jones 20 40
7K»4 Maud Muller. 4 (Mrs. Miller).. 94 3 2 % 3 1 4^415n Wiley 20 40
7595 Flaunt, a (T. H. Ryan) 104 8 «n 51 52 62 6h Greenfield . 4 17-5
7571 iVigoroso. 4 (Appleby & Co.).. 88 5 3h 0*i6%7n.7^ McBrlde ... 26 .40
7*70 ! Rene, 4 (Lamasney Bros.) 957 9 81 84 S4 86 Watson .... 40 60
7571 IHermencia. a (W. Cahlll) 996819 0 9 9 J. Kelly 20 50
Time — -24«i. :49U, 1:1474. 1:41%. 1:44. At post 2\<, minutes. Off at 3:54%. Stilicho, place,
I-S; show. out. Scherzo, plac«, 2; show, 4-5. Barrack, show, 5-2. Winner, b. g., by St.
Andrew-Angelique. Trained by A- Jones. Scratched — Idogo. Grafter. Waterspout, Toto
Gratiot. Canonicus. Start good. Won easily. Balance driving hard. Stilicho can beat
these kind seven days in a week. Scherzo ran his race. Barrack closed strong. Char
mel ran a fair race. Sam Greenfield on Flaunt was compelled to take the scenic route
ana got nothing but a bunch of souvenirs.
7(1 10. SIXTH RACE — 1 1-8 miles, selling; three-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
Index]"" Horse and Owner. IWtiSt. U. %• %■ Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
7583~'g W Trahern. 5 (Summers Co.) 104 2 4 % 2 n 2 3 2 3 11% Travers .... 7-2 11-2
7584 i Byronerdale. 4 (J. M. Crane).. 10* H - 1 1 1 Hil 1 1 % 2 7 W. Davis... 8-5 %
7538 : Col \nder«on, 5 'McLaughlin) 105 5 5741 3 l'/i3 1*43 2% Larsen 15 . 40*
75S9 IHarka, 3 (C. T. Henshall).... 05 1 2n 58 4 y» 4 1^4 2 Kunz 15 16
(75S3» Flyng Torpedo 6 (L. H. Ezell) U>3 4 3 15 3 1 6 10 5 5 5 4 Anderson ..6 7
7544 ! Royalty. « (H. Green) 107 6 6 « 6 6 6 Sherwood.. 6-2 17-10
Tlme -24U. :49Si, l:15'i, 1:41. 1:63%. At post 2 minutes. Oft at 4:24%. Trahern, place,
7-5- show 3-5. Byronerdale. place, 4-5; show. 2-5. Anderson, show, 5. Winner, b. g., by -
Rear Guard-Rhetta B. Trained by G. Summers. Scratched — Oro Viva, Meisterslnger.
Start good ■ Won easily. Balance driving. After seeing the easy fashion in which Tra
hem defeated Byronerdale a left-handed speculator wouldn't bet that a Kansas cyclone
would blow out a candle. Byronerdale had no excuses, but some are in order from Tra
h«rn. Torpedo exploded. Royalty had many worshipers, and in his haste must have
forgotten something.
past a stump and scored almost easily.
The mile and a furlong was covered in
1:53%. Jockeys may show these re
versals, but horses don't run that way.
Royalty, favorite for the race, sulked
and was beaten off a city block.
TRACK NOTES. /
Vickery was suspended for an aggra
vated case of inanition, which attack
ed him while piloting Introductor in
the third event. His exhibition was
lurid and wonderful.
Royalty gave his stable connections
an awful jarring. They were all down
hook, line and sinker on the bay geld
ing, and his ghastly showing is puz
zling them still.
Charles Boots of Elmwood Farm will
race some of his stable at the Los An
geles meeting. .
Arthur* Redfern, the noted Eastern
rider, If» in town. He is here on a
business trip.
Toupee was brought to California by
Announcer Bob McGibben and was
sold at public auction.
Walter Jennings is in Los Angeles
on a short visit, and may secure the
services of "Big Bill" Knapp for his
stable.
Solomon Bonner would be quite- an
addition to the stock of riding talent.
Bonner's riding, however, is restricted
to the stable of C. C. McCafferty by a
ruling of the stewards.
Claude was jumped on during some
stage of the race in which he was re
turned winner/ and one leg was con
siderably bruised. It is not thought,
however, that, the injury will prevent
him from being a starter In the-Christ
mas handicap. r .
Silicate, a starter in the maiden race
won by Borghesi, is a full sister to
Fossil.
MANY AMERICAN. YACHTS
IX TRANSATLANTIC RACE
August Belmont Entci"s the Constitu
tion, .Wlille tlie Columbia ; Will
Represent J. P- Morgan. .
BERLIN, Dec. 22.— The Lokal Anzei
ger, in a dispatch from Kiel, says the
Imperial Yacht Club announces the fol
lowing American entries for the trans-
Atlantic race:
Schooners — Endymion, owned by
George Lawder; Thistle, Robert E.
Tod; Ariel," Francis L. Leland; Hilde
gard, Edward R.' Coleman. ;
Auxiliary schooners— Resolute, John
W. Masury;.. Intrepid, ; Lloyd Phoenix;
Ariadne. Henry W. Putnam Jr.
Sloops— Constitution, August Belmont
and others; Columbia, J.-Pierpoht'r Mor
gan. • .
All the entiles are from- the New
York Yacht' Club.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, - FRIDAY. DECEMBER 23, * 1904.
MONTE ATTELIj DEFEATS
CLEVER JOHNNY REGAN
Knocks Out the New York Boxer in
the Seventeenth Round of a
Fast Fight.
ST. LOUIS, Dec. 22. — After fighting
Monte Attell of San Francisco to a
standstill during the first nine rounds
of what was to have been a twenty
round go, Johnny Regan of New York
was knocked out In the seventeenth
round to-night before the West End
Club.
Regan, as In his previous two en
counters with Attell, cast his stalling
tactics away and waded into the Cali
fornian from the first tap of the gong.
His lead included a clean knock down
in the sixth round. The eleventh
round was even, the next only slightly
in Regan's favor. Attell then steadily
improved until the end of the seven
teenth round, when he swung vicious
ly on Regan's Jaw, dazing him. A
lightning left and right, to the same
spot sent Johnny to the floor for. the
count. This was Attell's third straight
victory over Regan.
KALAMAZOO, Mich., Dec. 22. —
Clarence Forbes of Chicago and Harry
Cobb of Detroit fought ten rounds to
a draw to-night.
CONSTRUCTION OF STEEIi
AND CONCRETE NOT FAVORED
Formal Report of Fire Committee De
ferred Owing to Absence of
One Member.
The Supervisors' Fire Committee
yesterday considered the petition of
the Concrete Steel Construction'Com
pany to amend the building ordinance
permitting the building of .con
crete steel structures. Chief Shaugh
nessy stated that, the City Ar
chitect informed him that the
erection of. such structures, would
necessitate the employment of inspec
tors to superintend the mixing of con
crete and that Chief Sullivan was op
posed to 'the amendment. A com
munication from the board.of. under
writers to the Merchants . Association
said that the board is, not sufficiently
well acquainted with the- subject to
take any*strong position either for or
against the proposed amendment, be
lieving that the matter should be sub
mitted .to architects'; and ' exberts in
building lines. Supervisors Alpers
and Lunstedt ' expressed themselves
as opposed to .the proposition, but
deferred taking formal action,
owing to the absence of Hocks, ; the
third member: of the committee. The
committee' will 'present a report to the
board next Tuesday.
HORSES WHICH
FIGURE TO WIN
BY FRED E. MULHOLIiAND.
Ftrst race — Handy Bill,
Velna, Mogregor.
Second race • — Bell Reed,
Troy, Bronze Wing.
Third race — Dr. Ix?ggo, Sea
Air, Smithy Kane. y
Fourth race— Honiton, Td
ledo, Mngrnne.
Fifth race— Telephone, The
Lieutenant, The Cure.
Sixth race— Xigrctte, Leila,
Red Cross Nurse.
HONITON CARRIES
THE TOP IMPOST
P. Ryan's crack mare, Honiton, will
carry top weight in the handicap this
afternoon at Oakland. It looks as if
two or three of the lightweights might
be difficult to down. The entire card is
an excellent one. The entries:
First race-^Futurity course, two-year-olds,
selling:
7587 'Tar Baby (Nell) 102
7839 Fisher Boy (Burnett) 110
7498 Julia South iDe La Montanya) 107
7687 Bearskin (McAlester) 110
7573 Handy Bill (Zelinsky) 110
7M7 *V«>lna (Van Gorden) 102
76S7 "Herthus (Gilbert) 102
7597 'Indicate (Summers) 105
7575 Bill Short (Magrane) 110
7535 Mogregor (Bianchi & Co.) 110
7540 Pearl Waters < Waters) 107
7587 Glendene (Mrs. Saunders). ...107
7588 Mabel Bates (Strobel) 107
75(>SJ •Edseclln. (Judge) lt»2
7546 Golden Idol (Daly) 110
7541 Salable (Blaslngame) 107
Second race — Six furlongs, four-year-olds and
up, selling:
7H01 "Troy (Gilbert) ; 105
6981 Resin (Cohen & Co.) 100
75*2 Royal White (Lowrle) 101)
755:5 Kubelik (Emeryville Stable) 109
7567 *Albemarle (Tlerney) 107
7523 Sterling Towers (Stockton Stable). .. .10!>
7570 # Alta G (Hertzell) 104
72U6 J. H. Bennett (Romigh) 100
7U01 »Bronz« Wing (Judge) 104
7503 »Karabel (Bottger & Harmon) 104
7513 Flansur (Blanch! & Co.) 114
7594 •Bell Reed (Fitzgerald) 109
7G0O Albonita (MacAbee & Davis) ....109
7.">95 'Lady Kent (Ryan) 407
7(501 Hlpponax (Dean) 114
Third race— Six furlongs, two-year-olds,
purse:
7597 A Muskoday (Dodge) 110
(7597)Sra Air (McLaughlin) 107
I 7573 Lillltus (Hackett) 110
' 7597 Dr. Leggo (Wilson) 110
746S Ferryman (Elmwood Farm) 110
.... D" Albert (El Prlmercr Stable) 110
757H Royal Red (Touhey) 107
7597 Lady Goodrich (Applegate) 107
7599 Robert Mitchell (Summers) 110
7507 Smithy Kane (Hall & Marshall) 107
7597 Lindsay Gordon (Jennings & Co.).... 110
Fourth race— Seven furlongs, all ages, handi
cap.
7584 Romalne (Scharetg) ..106
7585 Sea Voyage (Miller) ..: 82
7484 Magrane (Magrane) .'. 90
7579 Matt Hogan (Romigh) :.. 97
7582 Tocolaw (Jennings) 9fl
7502 Toledo (Gaylord); , 105
7500 Judge (McAlester) :. :. r ..V.... 95
7592 Honiton (Ryan)' 118
7585 The Lady Rohesia (Henshall) 101
Fifth race — One mile, all ages, selling.
7601 »Dora I (Ryan) , 96
7570 Bill Young (Sturgeon) 97
75S7 »San Jose (Wilson) 75
7597 *Platt (Stevens & Son) SI
7fiO9 'Flaunt (Ryan) 92
7593 The Gadfly (Keene & Co.) 82
7601 The Fretter (O'Rourke) 100
(7503)»The Cure (Brinkworth & Co.) 95
7472 'Telephone | (Clark) 97
7603 The Lieutenant (Stover) 99
Sixth race — One mile and seventy yards,
three-year-olds and up, selling.
7598 'Leila (Clark)' 95
75.10 Harka (Henshall) 97
7508 'Nigrette (Jennings) 102
(7603)*Red Crosa Nurse (Molera & Josephs). 92
CC81 Horatius (McAlester) 104
•Apprentice allowance. ' ,
BLUE AND GOLD ELEVEN
MAY PLAY IN NEW YORK
A Game Is Said to Be Practically As-
sured Between Columbia and
University of California.
NEW YORK, Dec. 22.— A football
game between Columbia and the Uni
versity of California is practically as
sured for next season.
According to present arrangements
the big contest will be' played in New
York after the Columbia-Cornell game
on Thanksgiving day. The game has
long been wished for by Columbia stu
dents, but owing to the long schedule
of the "Westerners no game between the
East and the West has hitherto been
possible. The Columbia coach, Morley,
tried last year to arrange a game, to
be played in California. The Western
manager, however, sent word that his
programme was full and negotiations
fell through. /
One of the athletic directors at' Co
lumbia stated \o-day that the ' game
will be brought about through the ef
forts of former Captain Smith of Co
lumbia. The latter has just been ap
pointed head coach of the University of
California.
Smith has . taken up his residence in
the West and henceforth will devote
his attention to th^e football interests of
Westerners.
While at Morningside Heights Smith
figured as one of the most prominent
players in the East. During his last
year at college he played at fullback
and was captain, of the eleven. After
graduation he went West and assumed
the position of coach for the University
of Oregon.
Racing? at New Orleans.
i NEW ORLEANS, Dec. 22.— Results of the
races:. . ■
First race, six furlongs — St. Sever won. Lit
tle Jack ■ Horner second, Dalesnian third.
Time. 1:14 4-5. : ' .
Second race, seven furlongs — Foxmead won,
The Huguenot second. Josette third. Time,
1:2S2-K , .
Third race, one mile— Mao Hanlon won, 1
Courtmaid second, Merry Pioneer third. Time,
1:44 4-5.' . ,
. Fourth race, one mile and twenty'^ yard*,
handicap — King's > Trophy won, De Reszke tec
ond. Matador third. Time, 1 :44. ;.
Fifth race, one mile— Reliance won, ; Monte
bank second, Daisy Green third. Time, 1:44." ■;.
: Sixth race, six , furlongs, selling — Go To Win
won. Green Gown second, Dundall third. lime.
1:14 2-6. .
Do You Play Poker?
, If you do, buy your chips. from us.jWe
have ' a" complete ; stock of : chips, '■> playing
cards, dice, ; chessmen, checkers, l .'score
cards and a largo variety of tally cards.
Sanborn, Vail & Co. ■ - • ■.
. SUES. FOR, LIBELk— A .! suit, for $50,000 for
libel v.-as becrun yesterday against the:_Ttmes-
Mlrror Company of .Log. Angeles, by James- B.
McMahon, who Is doing business as the Golden
Gate Credit Company. He' complains .'of an
alleged , defamatory • article . published Mn the
Los Angeles paper on January 6 last; In which
he > was . called , a "faker". ' and . his.. methods of
business .were criticized. ■ '■-■
FLEET OF FOOT
IS BLEECOAT
McLaiighlin's Ben Strome
Colt Beats Belle Kinney
and Fireball Handily
FAVORITES FARE BADLY
Rain Upsets Form Calcu
lations at Ascot Park and
Choices Are Unfortunate
LO^ ANGELES^Dec. 22.— Rain upset
the calculations of the form students at
Ascot to-day and only one favorite on
the card was successful. The other five
races ur.nt to well played horses at lfb
erar odds, the longest chances being
Cincinnatus at 8 and Effervescence at
10 to 1. Bluecoat, McLaughlin's two
year-old, was backed heavily on his
Eastern performances and iwon the
second race at four and a half fur
longs in a canter. Belle Kinney was
second and Fireball third. Tramotor,
the favorite, was a bad fourth.
Bragg scored another victory by win
ning the fourth race, a free handicap at
one mile, in the easiest sort of fashion,
with Sheriff Bell second and Tim Payne
third. Bragg was favorite, in the bet
ting from start to finish. Cincinnatus
furnished a. surprise in the fifth race
and won from The Major and Blissful
in the order named. McGrathiana
Prince was a 3 to 5 favorite for this
race, but was never a serious con
tender. Cincinnatus could be had at 10
to 1.
The sixth race witnessed the down
fall of another favorite and the success
of a 10 to 1 chance. Effervescence won
handily from Susie Christian and Nan
on in the order named. Winnifreda
was a redhot favorite and Red Damsel
was also heavily played, but neither of
them liked the heavy % going.
, Weather cloudy; track heavy. Sum
mary:
First race, Slauson course, selling — Dortce
100 (Slnnott). 7 to 2 won; Crlgll 109 (Mori
arlty), 0 to I, second: Revel 87 (Kent), 6 to 1.
third. Time. 1:13. Tlzen. Great Mogul, Lady
NInora. King Promise. Light of Day and Leon
ado also ran.
Second race, two-year-olds, four and a half
furlongs — Bluecoat 103 (Fuller). 7 to 2 won;
Belle Kinney 107 (Booker). 8 to 1. second; Fire
ball 107 (Dugan). 10 to 5. third. Time, :55Ki.
Seasick. Tramotor. Hllona, Escanado and
Gleeman also ran.
Third race, selling, six furlongs— Cerro San
to 103 (Herbert), 5 to 2. won; Funnyslde 93
(Miller). 2 to 1, second: Cloverton 106 (Otis).
10 to 1. third. Time. 1:15. Golden Light. Dan
Collins and KUin King also ran.
Fourth race, free handicap one mile — Bragg
112 (Walsh). 8 to 5. won; Sheriff Bell 107
(Miller). 10 to 1 second; Tim Payne 98 (Hll
debrand), 11 to 5, third. Time, 1:43%. Elle
also ran.-
Fifth race, one mile selling— Cincinnatus 105
(Kent). 8 to 1, won; The Major 110 (E. Walsh).
7 to 1. second; Blissful 07 (McDanlel), 8 to 1.
third. Time. 1:44. Helgerson. McGrathiana
Prince. Blueridge and All About also ran.
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling — Effer
vescence 08 (Knapp), 10 to 1. won; Susie Chris
tian 08' (Herbert), 7 to 2, second; Nancn 102
(Powell). 6 to 1. third. Time. 1 :16. Firbano.
Dusky Secret. Red Damsel, winnifreda and
Decinto also ran.
SUPERIOR COURT BUSY
WITH DIVORCE CASES
Many Decrees Granted and Number
of New Suits Keep Up to Aver
age—Alimony Order.
Alice E. Sanborn, who married
Henry F. Sanborn, a hotel manager, at
Nagasaki, Japan, in 1901, was yester
day granted a divorce from him by
Judge Hunt on the ground of neglect.
Judge Hebbard awarded an interlocu
tory decree to Gertrude E. Payne, who
charged Frank E. Payne with cruelty.
Ho threatened to place her in an in
sane asylum and their baby in an
orphan's home and once aimed a pistol
at her. -
Judge Sloss ordered Arthur L. Piper
of the Piper-Aden-Goodall Company
to pay his wife $150 on account of
back alimony and recommended that
they reach an agreement as to future
payments. Mrs. Piper wants $6500 in
a lump. Piper declares that he has
lost his property arid position and Is
unable to provide for her.
Divorces were granted by Judge
Seawell to Carlotta Moseley from N.
II. Moseley for. desertion; by Judge
Hebbard to John L. Rarasner from
Lizzie Ramsner, desertion; by Judge
Kerrigan to Forrest .L. Dutcher from
Nellie M. Dutcher, desertion; by Judge
Graham to Edith P. Bolam from
Thomas P. Bolam, cruelty; by Judge
Sloss to Lucia Gatty from' Domingo
Gatty, desertion.
Christ Runge, the Tonopah mining
man, who sued his 18-year-old bride
for divorce four months after their
marriage; yesterday answered her
cross-complaint denying her counter
charges of cruelty. He declares that
he is not worth $100,000, but only
$3500 and that his' only mining
interest is a one-third in the Hypatia
TClaim at Tonopah, which is unpro
ductive.
. Judge Hunt annulled the marriage
of Dinah Reid and William J. Reid,
which took, place in May, 1901, two
months after her divorce" from Robert
Scott.
Actions for divorce were begun yes
terday by Maud Home against Willis
S. Home, desertion; Catharine Belcher
against Joseph C. Bechler, cruelty;
Sophie McFall against Joseph McFall,
neglect; ;Mary L. King against Joseph
King, neglect and desertion; -Adeline
E. : Ghio against John B.Ghio, neglect;
Rose J. Siebel against Louis Siebel,
cruelty and desertion; Sarah E.' Mat
thews against James: E. Matthews,
neglect, desertion, intemperance and
cruelty.
Stablemen Are Enjoined.
A default judgment against the
Stablemen's : Union was , entered yes
terday in Judge Hebbard's court at
the instance of Goldberg 1 , Bowen'- &
Co.. wh,o' sued for a perpetual injunc
tion to, restrain- the ' k union from boy
cotting the firm and interfering w^th
its non-union employes.. The perpet
ual injunction was granted. On No
vember 21 Judge Hebbard denied the
motion ?. of v the/ stablemen to modify
the temporary restraining order. Their
"demurrer to the complaint was over
ruled) .with . ten 'dSys given to answer.
No answer was filed, hence the,Judg
ment.
MEMPHIS. Tenii., Dec. 22.— The steamboat
Robert i E. Lee ■■ struck a " snag , near ■. Cralghead
roint and sank in shallow water. AH of the
passengers and crew were taken off In safety.
OFFER GARDNER
A MATCH HERE
Club -Officials Endeavor to
Bring Together the Low
ell Boxer -and Nelson
JANUARY PERMIT OUT
Alex. Greggains Will Lead
Off the New Year With
the Best Available Card
Matchmaker Alex. Greggains of the
San Francisco Athletic Club drew two
Christmas packages yesterday at a
meeting of the Supervisors police com
mittee. He was granted a permit for a
professional boxing contest and one for
an amateur exhibition, both to be held
in January.
He began looking about for a suitable
card and decided if Jimmy Gardner and
Battling Nelson could agree upon the
question of weight they would be a
good attraction. Although Nelson had
weighty matters on his mind regarding
the disappearance of his manager. Ted
dy Murphy, he told Greggains he would
light Gardner at 133 pounds ringside.
Gardner's representative said the
Lowell boxer would agree to make 133
pounds at 3 o'clock. Gardner Is at
present in Butte. It is expected some
understanding will be reached to-day.
ifoung Corbett is anxious to fight
Britt in January. The Callfornlan de
clines to discuss a fight until after the
holidays.
Jack Johnson Is willing to fight Mar
vin Hart next month. Kid . McCoy is
also anxious for a match with Hart.
Of the two it is thought Johnson would
be the greater attraction, as McCoy is
supposed to have seen his best days.
The officials of the Colma Club came
out of retirement yesterday and offered
a $10,000 purse or 70 per cent of the gate
receipts for a fight between Britt and
Nelson. They also agreed to secure an
•outside referee, Mentioning George
Siler of Chicago, Harry Sharpe, former
ly of St. Louis or Charley Eyten of Los
AngelesT*
a he fact that a committee of the Su
pervisors granted a fight permit for
January indicates that there is no se
rious intention of stopping the game
in this citv.
Bicycle Rider Comes to Grief.
, Leon Siegmond, a young man re
siding at 936 Buchanan street, while
speeding along. Golden Gate avenue
shied his wheel to one side to avoid a
pool of oil. In so doing he took a
header on the hard i>aved sidewalk.
The fall and the consequence rendered
his semi-conscious until he was re
vived In the Emergency Hosiptal. A
cut in his lower lip. a concussion of
the brain and a possible fracture "of
the skull were the total amount of his
injuries. ,v.£S£3
"WATCHMAN* QUIN'LAN DROPPED.—
James Qulnlan. a Government watchman at
the Chinese detention shed on the Mall dock,
has b*en drooped from the aervice,. his six
months of probation having expired.
PROFESSIONAL CLOCKER, Phone South 1045
San Francisco Office -224 Parrott BulIdlnKM rt h rioor)835 Market St.
Oakland Branch— Room. 8, "Hawthorne.** II55# Washington St.
MY ONE-BEST-BET:
TOUPEE, 9 'to 5, WON
MY THREE BEST BETS YESTERDAY:
TOUPEE, BORGHESI, CLAUDE,
9 to 5, WON 8 to 5, WON 8 to 5, WON
What my message, as issued to all clients, said:
" One - Best - Bet is Toupee. Three Best Bets are Toupee,
Borghesi and Claude.
"TOUPER has outworked every horse on the track; is fast as
chain lightning; can run in the mud or on the dry. TOUPEB
won a good race at Morris Park this spring at 100 to 1, and out-
classes the bunch he meets to-day. Is the ONE BEST BET OP
THE DAY.
"BORQHESI is a 'sleeper* and one of the best things of the
meeting. Breezed seven-eighths in 1:30 on the 17th, and can run
faster* than any maiden on the track.
"CLAUDE has been working great guns, and now has lots of
early speed. Can't lose this race, bar accident."
50 second? 25 t0 1# "' ° y messase sald: " Fl ° Manola worked H to
very^aftt^a^leiper." '' 3d ' my "•""«• "^ " Barratfl «» b «« workin.
Of Q. W. TBAHEEN, 11 to 2, won. it said: "Is ready." ' v
HOT StUFFTO-DAY!
My message to-day will be brim -full of good things.
I know of a practical; certainty, which will be my One Best Bet,
and of two other 18-Carat. Betting Propasitions.' These three will
comprise my three-best bets,-and are worth backing to a finish, just
Terms, $2 Daily; $10 Weekly.
Ye.terday not one copy of my meuaxe «., Tl.«ued -untl I l:U>.p n? Not wtthtfaSd'nc th»
"f .windl^^y them before the arrival of that boat. lou havt only yburs.lt to Mut
YOUNG EXPERTS
ON THE COURTS
Juveniles Play Clever Ten
nis in Handicap Tourna
ment at Golden Gate Park
Mclaughlin in form
Although Heavily Handicap
ped the Club Champion
Reaches the Semi-Finals.
The handicap singles tennis tourna
ment played by the Juveniles on the
Golden Gate Park courts yesterday
brought out some clever tennis. The
handicapping was well done and the
matches in- most cases were close. II.
McLaughlin, the club champion and
most heavily handicapped player, won
a place in the semi-finals.. He was the
c-nly player to get this far, as several
of the earlier round matches were not
completed.* G. Gunst and H. McLane
also played good tennis. They are still
in the competition and are expected to
get well along. The tournament will
be completed to-day. The scores fol
low:
Preliminary round — tv. Marcus (1-6) b«at R.
Smith MR :«-«). 9-6. 6-3; L. Levlnson (aw* 2-4)
beat H. Levinnon (15 3-6). 6-1. ft-7. 6-O; O. H.
Lang (owe 2-61 beat T. Rlordan (3-6). 6-2. 6-1;
R. Strochan low* 15 2-6) beat R. Wilder <3-6)
by default: H. McLaine (owe 5-6) beat Rc«en
shine •l.i.i-tn. <MS. 6-2: H. Garcia (15 1-6) beat
H. Goldstein (15 1-6). «-3. 6-t.
First rcund — M. McLaaghlin (owe S0> beat
L. Netter (15 1-6). 7-5. 7-5; F. Maggs (1* 1 «>
N>at W. Honigsberg (5-6>. 6-3. 7-5;- C Torrey
)15 3-«) beat R. Brunn (30) by default; R. Re
gal (15 3-6) beat B. Marsh (15 3-C) by default:
E. G«U#gos (owe 2-6) beat V. Butler (3-6).
C-0. 7-5: E. Garcia (15 3-6) beat W. Marcus
<l-6). 6-3. 6-3; H. Lang (owe 2-6) beat I* Lev
inscn (owe 2-6>. 2-6. tt-2, 6-2; R. Strachan
(owe 15 2-6) beat McLatne (owe 5-6), 6-3, 6-4:
J. Strachan (3-6) beat Garcia (15 l-6>. «-•>. 6-0;
R. Van Vllet (owe X-6) beat Crane (15 1-6).
6-4 6-3: G. Gunst (5-(5) b«at J. Hammond
(3-6). 6-0. 6-1: E. Easton (5-6> beat H. Trevor
(30) by default; H. Getx (owe 15 2-6) beat S.
Rosenthal (30). 6-2. 6-2: H. MorrU (owe 1-6)
beat C. Sonntag (1-6). 4-6. 6-3. 6-4: A. Mar
tinez (15 2-6) beat N. Abbott (30). 6-0, 6-1.
Second round — M. McLaughlin beat Max?*.
6-2. 6-O: Regal beat C. Torrey, 3-6. «-3. tt-t;
Corbly vs. Gallegcs, 6-2 In favor of former; H.
Lang va. E. Garcia. 6-0, 1O-1O In favor of for
mer; R. Strachan beat J. Strachan. tf-0. 8-6;
G. Gunst beat E. Eastnn, 6-1. 6-1; A. Martinez
beat H. Morris 6-3. 6-4.
Semi-finals — M. McLaughlin beat R. Regal,
6-4 6-3.
WANT MONTGOMERY AVENUE
BONDS REDEEMED BY CITY
Claimants File Formal Demand on
Treasurer MCDougald for Prin
cipal and Interest.
Demand was made on City Treas
urer McDouffald by George Whltteli
for the payment of $52,000 as princi
pal and $70,200 as interest on flfty
two Montg-omery-avenue bonds al
leged to be due to him by his owner
ship thereof. J. A. Folger also put in
a claim for $15,000 as principal and
124,300 as interest on eighteen of the
bonds. It la said that the demands
are made as a preliminary to the
bringing of a suit to determine the ob
ligation of the city to redeem the
bonds. Nearly $5,000,000 Is involved
In the matter, of which $2,000,000
represents the bond issue, the remain
der accrued Interest.
ADVERTISEMENTS.WAR MATERIAL for use of Japanese government
WILL MAKE UP THE PRINCIPAL PART
OF LINER MONGOLIA'S BIG CARGO
The Pacific Mall Steamship Com
pany's bl* liner Monsolia, -which sails
on Tuesday for the Far East, will car
tt about 18,000 tons of cargt>, of
Tvhich more than 15.000 tons Is for
Japan. Of this Japanese conRijfn
tnent ranch -would be conrldered by-
Russian authorities as contraband of
and but for the unhappy plight of
the Czar'g Asiatic squadron the Mon
golia's voyage would have in it much
of the thrill and anxiety of blockade
Vunnins. There is no blockade, ho-w- »
.ever, and the little brown men are
making the most of the temporary
paralysis of the Czar's naval arm.
There are two holidays between
r.ow and "he date set for the Mongo- <
V.&'s dpparrare and stevedores ar^'i
working night and day to get the »/(g j
fhip loaded by Saturday night. The '
United States bonded warehouse, was I
kept open until 11 o'clock WedT#;sday :
vight to allow the Pacific May Com- j
pany to get out a large ship£nent of j
pig. iron, ordered at the l.-yst minute !
to fill an urgent need or t^e Japanese j
«4cVernment. There will tw? 1000 tons]
of pig iron in the Mongolia's hold ]
Vhen the liner leaves nere on Tues
«i&y. Besides the pyy iron there will '
be fifty tons of pi-£ lead, and piled
above them both w^n be tier upon tier \
of the many arti'/es needed in carrj-
:rg en the kind of warfare that Japan
:s maintaining in Manchuria.
. The cargo for Japan includes steel, 1
machinery, feather, cotton, foodstuffs
• ;f many kinds and a large quantity
of drugs. In addition to what the I
will carrj-. the Elleric, char-
Xcred to help out. is taking 4500 tons
• if ©v^i^and freight for Japan. The
Ejleric took on board at Portland
: 1SCO tons of cargo for Japan and will
fail from here with 6000 tons for
.Yokohama. Work on the Elleric also
i* being carried on day and night.
. • «
tta< Formeriy the Cjiiromene.
.».«: .■.<: .: .xavigation Company's oil barge !
M-ntere;-. Torn^rly tbe British ship Oypromene. j
:«= pr»- all ready to go into commission !n the i
n«m^ sen-ice fcr which her conversion has Bt
n-d her. Tacka ha\Te been bollt into the hold*
•jiiable of Holding about 2O.«JO0 barrels of OIL 1
- ne arrangement cf the tanks it such as to !
iSSn t^ 1U L e ?' etr aad the Powerful pun:p. !
•ttitii which the Sloaterey is equipped wUl en- (
*'.*•'* her lo tak " » *«il f*r*o j B about rtx hoors. i
• > , l * w !2 ""^ in *■ c 0 *^ trade, carrjing i
■ .! from Monterey to northern pcrta. She will/
■- i"»ed from port to port, but in the event i
•< h^avj- n-eathex caiislng th* hnv.-sT to fcre*w I
,ct my other c-ontlngrncy wfctch ■would thrrw \
.re barge en her o«n resource*, ehe is aw.plv »
;-art» ha»e been taken down, but the Monterey '
« tn -spread enough fore aad aft canvas to en- I
.s-f;.e ner to givt a good a<*ount cf herself as )
.-. RaiJJnjr Nes^el. j
. Th* Monterey recently was grants Atiseri- i
'as rpgiFtei tad part »>f her new •quipmem !
I JT r , "^^ b * lrtn * »b« trtare and !
''^il^" c ? tbe laiLd that ha* adopted her.
♦
Deep Water Ships Arrirc
r ...^ „. ,, -..^^ »jiics came lr.io
»r>rfyetFVTt3tj- too late To r«* «3aarantiae and
Ft-Jers.1 doctor*, cuworn-fcoi^e cfflciale and the
rr.«a that aeJl naval stores, are looking fcrrward
to-iay to a p»t«od cf unrraal artl\1ty. Three
r-i the v^e»eii are frcm th« old worid and all
lave trade good piy^^ of abont
-^sg.h. Th»> British *bip CMitonrard fs 14U
w S> .f ,^^ - XewcaM*', England; the Huttoa
« *^' I * ! * 3 "* frcla Uv«rpool. and the French
to* Ormaarj 1«» D ,ys from Antwerp. The
" n ;f- *«> L*rgi«>!noer. anot*>er «f the arrtvtls.
:- ,■. Uaj* ircm IquiQc* with a cargo cf ni
'■'»*•- ■ *>» Ti k tark Gal? *» -bringing coal
»m ....a*~ayi1fr Aic«ralia. AnctheT «all!r.«
•i**!*.! »»;<jrt S r^Tiivf arrt\-al« was the
nrho<jj>«T Arsef Kolrh. 17 dayf fiom !?onolpa
»Jifc. a carra cr f^g»r, 14<*S tact of It.
♦
Santa CIau< Flair-hip
. in t.essi frcnocner Point Arena, Captain
■^SKJer. yesterday shewed th* Crat aigna cf
• trittna* se*E on the water front. Socn after
ber arrival trom Mendocino all hands were **>t
\p wotk decorating the vessel with evergreens.
»i.d vtOtfa a ft* hours the triia liul« coa*ter
. Kkf<1 Ct 50 pc tr.to c3Tsmisfica &c Saist XJcho
!*«' fiig»h:p. To »-ach masthead »a* lsebed s.
•«-"hrtfttn* t tree. Hit hridge was hidoea ia «
H-.wer w! tversraca lraa.h«. and mhen the
li_*o|at Aren* n*j(f to-morrow the carry
frf < unn ni-jrry Ccrifimas •»-Jtij h*r. -
Chansrc« in Couunaud
'*ar>**." Ahr.n l;*n aucceeiied CartUun Krca> J
1^ .'.r»nta6B<l of ifc» rteam «?)vxt>«t Reioado. '
• «."a|it«ia Hoyan t..trinanc^ the r.'elia In place
, of V*ptat3 Reln^rtsra. »ho takes the Pmim, i
<cnrer.v .uisiuanofd by '"aptain Ahlin. Cap- !
ttin jE.».<jbs ».«> !^<»n £fipujnted to tbe San {
••It^o it n: cessor to <V>ptain Ila»mu*sea.
*
\cntura Will Sail To-\i«rht
;r.» hteanirosi* CorajAny * liner Ven
r-*- ' -rtaiu :i-y»s.-d. »IU sail ct fi o'clock
. V'PiS"* far Honolulu and thi? Antipole*. T^p
Hart pea* «s due this nx-.i-uinj; from Tahiti and
V. '!*j-i«i£> ihe A:aroe<la will be here from
' tiCBCil^tt,
,
Tlic O^crJae Us*.
• 7+* r^ej-ftiji <n iht o%-«rdue !Ik are quoted
tit if!a*urr.nt« &s follow*: Edirh Mary, 70
•j«r ocnx; Brur Holme, S>0 p<-r cent.
«
NEWS OF TflK OCEAX
Msjter* 'it Intrrc^i to 3fariners and
Slifppin?
Tt.« Krench ba-k Ui RocbejuqueUa vw
•■;*^ired yeMJf-r.tay '01 Quep«ytf>m n, for orders.
■>^;r>j rr.V»»5 ■■«»« »rbeat. valued at $98,174 and
i"".or^ f: 3un-.:j«r as <5uar.aBe. valued at KMO.
•
A Cargo for Mrxico.
The jUii'iii * hocner Toni »a* cleared fcr 1
Xa Pa?., liex'.ro. }«wiiy «ith a small carto. !
■»a -'<-; at (CSS ar.d ;arS-;'j;tR the roiiowing:
tli jr^;/ v.i^»-. 4* et r-ASsed tcods, fcO pkx* 1
P«ite. 4-< ; kf k *ro^er!t* aad prciUIoo*. 4S3 lbs j
'*■-■- CIS :fct rtgo. ISC ifc» nsm «nd fcaccn. ;
MB -b> < <kw. :i.S-Ki rt /lurnlier. S8 r-i'S* nalU 1
*rjd »piker. 43 bdl? irf*. 42 bd!« IS pe» pipe, |
» ccriiis tti^. <; tfcl-j car. »* rk^B paints an-1 J
*~ -•• t>-i?i» nbociL-. 4 bates oakum. 2'» cs can- j
<...>. v rf irj- tooda. S ofcs* pap<T, 2 ca car- I
» ..
Mninm'uu* for the Orient
•Tb* BrtiWb ';rjr2'r ~lZeric «-a» tHemsmi yes- j
terdiv :cr rciahaauC Kob* and iioii' with a j
valyib!* car^o u<5en sit tiii» port ar.J at Port- j
l&cd. Or. The ..ar^o laatn at ihis port wa» j
censiraed to .--••*•; i =c ;a<3ed 3WX» bale* cot- j
ten. 1431 ro!i» leather, 5000 kegs nailt. 221 ]
ra!e« «>ttoa doruen-cs. 81 pkg » nsacniaerj". *C«"» |
b!31» <*lv. H'ft bdls C74 tar* *:«el tnd 7 pfc*» !
*!<S^rica! r^-j6f. -,a!u«4 at «M.7S4. I
-V Pc'Uacd the steamer loaded 1112 bbl* 1
flour mai 4t> pk»t wuihk machine* fcr China. I
' t'.Kfi e\ S47S1. «nd the 5oilou-ln« shipment* '
t-^ 'Japac: 3T*.« l>bl« flour. SCOO ctla «r»>cat. J
<*7.*3T lb« t?i^*.'_r. 373 r*]e« cctteai, 19IS pc* '
Wt pkgt iron. 7S5 pfcga ?l pc* a:ach!aer>.'*C0C 1
c«* :-(? isacfalaes »cd 20 c* ci!. valued at I
Ex]iorts for the XortJi.
Th» *t*aTrw Q.t-r-.. sailed en W«ioe«<iay for
Victoria a genera! r. »: — knt.st carsc
coceiesed to, th« pons of destination and orher
BrtTtnh Ccloir.bian port*. valu«d at 1*078 I
Amonjc th» pri-aclpal ehipmtr.is were the fcl
422 tips trwh fniim. 27.SS0 lb» <Jrl-d froiu
!«K» Ib»s nixix.9. 427 lbs nut?, ZV404 lit* coffee •
|2at tb* *sJS*r. 4^2U*:b« bcan«. 3W fits potatoes I
:::. bsc rbocoiate. 13 plait cheese, 25 o »<jupr» •
134 g*J» " cr *rtre. CSS lb»r tomIU »1 pks« i
liesh v*cetab!e». 20.X0 its chloride. C00 Una I
snatch**, i pk.% mtchiaerr. tn boISer tnbes l«> j
*"r-> ■*«•!. S t*ie» paper. €O fcbla cocosmit dl. 1
4 »■» A.-m» aa3 aanrunttlon. ;
<
Merchandise for Hawaii.
Tit" *tearaer Enterprfs* rtsu 5 en WHnwiijt
tar llilo. "^r.t-iar. 1s!xl&4c. n ::h m tic — -»rl j
r • r-r.a- .<«:•• rr-f . valued at $43.SSO and to- I
cluflicc tb«? foT1o«iR«: .
421 fcbl» floor. J200 Itt *•«*}> n-.^at. 352 giks* I
r-ataioe 1 *, 243 pkrt frrtb fruit*. 68 p»--e« trfitong.
V> pkes fresb re»rtzhl<^. 2Srt.*W(» lb» r!c#, S17
r* znent4 canned c*k!s. 40 pkr* rmctr'^r ttni
prevtrton*. 7* c* bektry povrter. *£j*a lbs
t-%.ir. 7% ct tisMe FTrznraiicnr. 73f> llw ,« rV?»
C^ealF, C ct ri':c-J oil £7 pkgs pt.ste •+\2U Ib« i
nut*, 15C3ibs ham and bacon, 317 cs assorted
canned gcoSs. S.VK> lbs FaJt. 304 ct!* wheat
S43» ctls barley, 185 bales hay 120 ctls corn.
75.24S lbs bran, 24.700 lbs middling*. 6S3S lbs
tear.s. 42!>5 lbs lard. 222U lbs codfish. 5476 lbs
1 cs cheese, 2iS5 lbs candy. 12W lbs butter.
1640 lbs dried fish, 140«' lbs 6 cs coffee. 18S3
lbs 4it pkg« bread, 460 Ib< dried fruit. 500 lbs
» pkgs raisins. II bbls 31 cs silicon. «•£! gals
»ir.e. £5 c««ks beer. 21 cs whisky. 10 es malt.
31.0C\ ft lumber. 111.704 lba fertilizer. 400 bbls
limv sk". pkgs wegen material. 16 pkgs dry
gOjO-Js. 23 pkgs paints and oils, llti bxs «cap.
2 rolls leather. 25 cs drug*. £5.C00 lbs cement.
S a pkgs candies. 12.43" lbs tobacco. 3 cs cigars
and cigarettes. 10 kegs nall«. 4 pc? Rirel. 14 c*
hort% and shoes. 3 piegs electrical supplies, 8
, bales twine. 1235 sk» ccal. 1100 cs coal oil. 11 i
bbl* tar. -4 pkg« agriec'.tural implements. 5 |
tbls lubricating oil. 15 rk*« paper.
The bark T\. B. Flirt mailed yesterday for i
Makaufii via Honolulu and EleeJe with a cargo
valued at *: - -5.er»3. The following were the
principal shipments :
211» bV.9 floyr. ::3» ctls Theat. 5041 ctls bar-
Jey. 24"* ctls oat* 86 ctls ccrn. 310 ba!es hay.
152.C4S lb« br»n.'l4. 4 29 lbs midJi;r.?s. 11.91S
its beans. ICT-O ]bs pt-as. 10C0 tal* wine. 25 cs (
whisky, 251 c* ap=orted tarj-.ed goods. -I"' 1 e* j
canned palmcn. K* bb'.s 35-haU-bbls pickled j
nalmon. 10.S44 lbs bresd. 11 cs cheese. litS lbs J
hair, and barer. 3240 lbs 8<» cru i>cta- i
toe» 54.7SC Ib« salt. 7356 lbs lard. 27 bbls vine- i
gar. 3 c» 1 tfcl baking powder. 2£S'J lbs oil cike
rv?Bi. 1CC7 :t« suyar. 11 cs table preparations, I
10 crt? eniens. 230.000 c#n-.er.t. 215 tens fer- I
tiliier. 173 sks eo»l. ISO cs tiasting powder. 1U0
btls lin-.*. 25.* lbs tobacco. "10 bxs soap. Ct
pka-s pair.ts end oIU. 1000 railrca<l ti«-«. W*> red
•*cvi po^ts. 40 carboys aci.l. 7 bj!s S»> pes pipe
14 baics \&piT bags. 100 tars 1 bdi steel. ■ 39
t*31s 73 pes irrjp. 48 keg!" rails. 200 cs ccal ell.
1«.2S6 ibs a^haltum. 10 biles paper. 5 cs
matches. 2 cs machinery. «7 bbls lubricating j
oi!.
The bark Mohican EaOcd yeiteriay for Hono
iulu with an ai*orted oarg^ 1 . valued. at IHi.555
and in^Isding the {oUowlng:
125 hbi« flour. 1* ctl* wheat. O012 ctls bar- ,
.lev. 25*« tales -hay. 64.371 lbs bran. 55.410 lbs j ;
•nidJiingtt :«> pkr^ paste. 12 l.bis vinegar 3S4.- • !
OW Ib* c»ir<!Trt. 1«*) pr» oar?. 1 pkg tnachln#^y. j ;
2 «njnri ac;d. -TTi o* drujf. 5 bdls «eel. 34 pkgs I ;
tank tr.atcri£l. 57.00ft bricks. 2004 ft hardwood, | :
25 Lxs ?<-.tp. 1T.7 bales ;.Bper.
Jlovemonts of Steamers.
| TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. I Frcm. ! I?ue.
! Elizabeth ] Cixj-jHie River Dec. 23
I JCcko .; Hamburg & Way Pu.JDec S3
San Jcse i Nftr York via Anccn.iDsc. 23
I Ncnh Fcrk..' Humbo'.dt ;Det. 23
• Alariposa S Tahiti i Dec. 23
, Argo ; E*! River Ports ]Dfc. 2t
S-i,-; :a ; San Pedro :Dec. 2T.
[Arctic HutBbs2dt iDec. 21
| r"fc.-halis ! <i:»;.f Harbor -Dec. 24
, Oatralia -i Grays Harbor ;i>ec. S4
, Howier ! Grays Ilarbcr .-. t Dec. 24
i Breakwater..) Cor* Bay Dec. 24
!la<jua...-. 1 rmland & Astoria 'Dec. 24
I Northland....! Sin Pedro % ...;Dec. 24
Tottenham j Oy%ta Harbor : D:c. 25
' Norwood I S<ait!(? Dec. 25
( <5. V.'. Elder. -1 TtsrtUud * Astoria ;D*c. 25
| G. LSncauer..! Orays Harbor Dt-c. 25
i Anabic j Hasobur? A Way Ports'Dec. 25
| Corona j Hunabo'.dt jDec. 1'5
I Arcata j Ccos Bay !l)ec. 2">
,V. ljr-f;g«ri...\ Fen Pedro :Dec. 'M
S; Monica.... Han Pedro 'Dec. 26
; Dtl Ncrte..^. Crercftr.t City ;Dec. 2»5
1 JCpwbare Gravs Harbor ?Dec. 28
i Slate of Ca!.. San Diego * Way Pts.lDec. 26
j Cog* Bay . San Pedro & Way Ptx.'tHc. 26
Czarina Coos Bay Dpc. 2«*
Rainier S^attlP Sz Bellingham. . Dec. 27
Eureka Htnnboldt JDec. 27
Curacao Mexican Ports <Dec. 27
AJameda Honolulu 'D»c. 27
VmutiV.n Puget Sound Ports !Dec. 1*7
Xehreskan . . . Peettle ! Dec. 27
Poroo Pclr.t Arena «• Albion. Dec. 27
Pomona Humboldt : Dec IS
O. Dollar .j Graye Harbor 'Dec 28
City Para.... New Tork via Anccn-.iDec. 2?
F. Kilbarn... Portland &• C.ooe Bay. 'Dec. 2^
Point Arena.. Mer.docino * Pt. Arena.jDec. 29
Banta Rosa.. 1-an Diego & Way Pis. ; Dec. i*ft
Coroaado Gray* Harbor iDec. 28
Columbia j Portland A Astoria 'Dec. "u
Bcr.lta ! Ntwpcn * Way Pons.JDec. :<1
China I China * Japan 'Dec, 31
Jear.ie \ Seattle &. Tacoraa iDec. 31
Queen ( Puget S^und Port^. . . .'J*n. 1
PJeTa | Sydney.* Way Pcrts.'Jan. 2
Eaxonia......( Seattle 'Jan. 2
TO SAIL
Steamer, f Dertlmtlon. j £«!ls.| Pief .
December 23. j
Columbia.. j-Aitcria & PorUiad.ll aiaPier 24
Ventura , Sjdne; & Way Pts. ! S pmPier 7
Secember £4. I
Sequcia j Wi:ia.pa Ilarbcr ;i2 m' Pier 25
OwhaliF — ; Lo» Angeles Pcrtt.' 4 pm Pier 2
Ellzabevh.. OoquMSe River ....; 6 pmlPler 2r»
Centralia.:.. I-os Angeles Ports.ilO am'Pifr 10
Point Artnai Paiat Arena f 4 pin'Pier 2
City Peking j China & Japan m i Pier 40
AureMs j Artcrla A Portland)' 4 pmPier 27
Eureka Humboldt I » am'Pier IS
Pcnjon* 1 Humboldt l:30pP!*r 9
Montara...? Seattle direct ' 4 pmiPier »
Korth!and..| Astoria £ Portland! & pm Pier 27
i December 25. {
Norwood Ijos Angeles Ports.! 4 pnvPier S
S. Rot i San Diego & XVay.j 9 aznjPier 11
> December 28. i
Bculta • Xtm-pcrt &. 9 aro Pier 11
CltyPuebta! Puget Sound Ports., II am: Pier 9
Argo | E*l Ulver Port*...: 4 pm'Pier 2
December 37. ! j
Breakwater.' Coo* Bay direct > : 5 pmPJer 8
?. Monica.. ' Gra>f Harbor '-10 ami Pier 2
Corona. ..\.! HumboJdt l:30p'Pier 9
N. Fork....! Hcmboldt | u amjPier
Arcata i Coc* Bay direct. ..112 mlPIer 13
Deceaifcer 28. ; }
Czarica. j Coos Bay direct... 1 5 pmPJer 8
Hcmer fray* H&rbor I JPier —
Arctic HumboJdt { 9 amlPler 2
Mongolia. . . China & Japan < l.pmjPter 40
G W. Elder; Astoria & Portlandjll amiPier 24
December 29. j
Porno I Pi- Arena * Albion: « pra'Pier 2
State of Cal San Dieso A Way.j « amiPier 11
Ntwbu.-R Grays Ilarbor | 4 prn'Pler 10
G Llndauer Grays Harbor j <S pmiPier 2
Coos IJay... S*n Pedro Jc Way.' 0 an'Pier 11
December 30. <
Alaiktn.... New York direct..! ;p;er —
December 31. !
Itaripos*. ..I Tahiti direct ill am! Pier 7
I'matitia... ) Puset Sound Porta.jll am-Pler 8
Alameda. . . I HonolnTo 11 am Pier •
San Jose... I N. Y. via Ancoa..jl2 m| Pier 40
F. Kllbum. I Portland * Way... 4 pm Pier 27
£ta:n!er I Seattle *. BUnghm! 4 pmlPJer 10
I jaanary a. I. f .
! Seattle & Ttcoma,.! 5 pnCPier 20
FROM SEATTLE.
' Eteaater. : Destination. | Sail*.
Ramona i Skagway * Way PortsJoec 2»
Jefferson j Skagway * Way Porte. fDee. t»
Farallon 1 Pkagw»y & "Way "Port*.; Dec. 30
Cottage City, -i Skagrray 4b Way Porvs. Dec. 31
Eaott.Ua... j Seldovla *. V:»y PQft». l Jan.' 1
Sun, 3Ioon and Tide.
Unit*! States Coa*t and G««aetic Survey —
Time and HcJgbt of High And Low Mft'ater*
THE SAX FRAN'CISCO CALL, FRIDAY. DECEMBER 23, 1004.
MATSON NAVIGATION* COilPANVS
OH. BARGE MONTEREY. FORM
ERLY THE SHIP CYPROMENE.
at Fort Point entrance to San Franci*co
Bay. Published by official authority of the
buperimendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the came at both places.
FRIDAT, DECEMBER 28.
Su?> rises 7:22
Sun sets 4:55
Moon rl«es 6:13 p. m.
C Time; !T1m«' iTimei iTiicej
£ ' < Ft. 1 ' Ft. ! 1 Ft- i i Ft.
? H W} (L WJ 'H Wj |I< W|
Z3 1 0:^17 1 4f>". R:C5" 2.011:05' 5.K, «:0S!— 0l9
24 i 1:2»>' 4«: 5:52-3.011:531 5.7 «:52 — 0.8
25 1 2:00i 4.7j « :441 2.812:45; 5.6; 7:S5j— O.6
28 t 2:42i 4 9 7:43 : t.8J 1 :4Tj 5.1; 8:2ll— O.t
27 1 3:25J 5.0 S:4»i 2.5! 2:42 : 4.7, 9^:10' 0.4
2S : 4:1*. *.3 ; 10:02 2.3! 3:551 4.2 10:04! 1.0
29 ! 5:0C: 5.4 11:12; l.S, 5:1S! 3.9 11:071 l.C
NOTE^ — In the above exposition cf the tides
the early meming tides are given in the left
hand column and the rucceitslve tides of the
6ay In the ordtr cf occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
dav. except when there are but three JMes, as
Eoimtlmes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings cf the United State.*
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
■ign precedes the height, and then th» numb*r
given is subtracted* frcm the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
rime Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal.
Dceraber 22. 1P04.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly a; noon to-dey —
I e . at noon of the 120th meridian or at 8
p in Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, December 22.
Stmr Pomona. Swanson. *1» hours from
Erreka.
Stmr City of PuebJa. Jepson. 56 hours from
Victoria and Puret Sound r>ort».
Stror Naticaal City. Hammar. 14 hours from
Fort Brars.
Stmr Point Arena. Miller. 18 hours from
Mendocino. via Point Arera 12 hours.
Stmr Sout!. Coast. Oifen, 15 hours from
Caspar. •
Stmr Noyo. Johnson. 23 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, 24 bourn from Eureka.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. 42 hours frcm
San Dieto and way pcrtt.
Stmr Fulton, Pamer, 27 hour* from Fields
Landlnc-
Ptmr Santa Rom. Alexander, 43 hour* from
San Dieeo.
Br ship Chlltonsbire. Atkinson. 1T1 days
from Hull, via Newcastle. En*. 14S days.
Br ship Ormsary. Coath, 141 day* from
Antwerp.
Br «hl:> Hutton Hall. Thurber. 147 days
from Liverpool.
Br ehii» Lirglemore. Spencer. 55 days from
Cain a Bueaa.
Fr berk Gsell. Savary, 64 flays from New
caMle. A*js.
St.hr Eva. Bjcrnstrcm, 33 hour* from
Eureka.
Schr James Rolph, OUen. 17 days from
Horolpu.
Schr Jeonie Griffin, Gibson, 3 hcurs from
Dol'.nc?.
*<chr Ida A, Campbell. 4 hours from Point
Rs-ye*. _„„
CLEARED
Thursday. December 22.
Ptmr Columbia. Doran. Astcria; San Fran
cit'o cr.d Pcrt!and Steamship Company.
Br e:mr Elleric. Findlay. Yokohama, via
Kobe anl Moji; Fadflc Mai! Steamship Ccm
pan v
Fr l«rk I-A Rochejaquelin. Durand, Queens
town: Balfour. Guthrie & Co.
Bark W B Flint. Johnson. Honolulu and
Makawe'l: Alexander & Baldwin.
Bark Mohican. Kelly. Honolulu; Welch & Co.
ilex Fchr Ton! <new). Green. La Pax;
Thannhau#er & Cc.
SAILED.
Thursday. December 22. •
Star State of California, Thcreas, Saa Dieyo
end w»y j»orts.
Stmr Magrsie. Whitney, Hatrmeon Ba.y.
Stmr Olympic. Haneen, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Saa Pedro. Jacobs. Eureka.
Stror .-sr.ta Barbara. Zaddart. Grays Harbor.
Simr Empire. Burtis. Coos Bay.
Stmr Redondo. Krojr. Art&ria.
Ktmr Newsboy. Lee. Crescect Citj\
Bark Mohican. Kelly. Honolulu.
Bark w B Flint, Jchnscn, Honolulu and
Mskaweil.
Fr bark Brenn. Bertet. Adelaide, Aus,
Schr Jessie Minor. Jorgenscn, Coos Bay.
Schr Glen, McL*cd. La Pax.
Schr C T Hill. Meiiber*. TJllamook.
SPOKEN.
Per rchr James Rolph. Dec 21— Lat 35 10 N,
long 126 SO W. bktn Amaranth, from Pujet
6ound, Tor Callto. All well. '
Per Br ship Chlltonfcrd. On 14— Lat &6 19
S, lonz CC 29 VT; Br *hiD Colonial Empire.
frcm Antwerp, for San Francisco.
Oct 22— Lat KS:s, Ions f! 33 W, Fr bark
Colonel de Vlllebola de Mareuil, from Ant
werp. <or Tacoma.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT IXDBOS, Dec 22. 10 p m— WaaUier
cloudy: wind NW; velocity 12 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS
SEATTLE — Arrived Dec 22 — Stmr Al Kl,
f roni Tacoma;' 1 :25 » m. stmr Jeanie, hence
Dec I7: - *trnr Nebraskaa. from Tacoma.'
EUREKA- Arrived Dec 22 — Stxnr Arctic,
hence Dec 20; stmr Pasadena, hence. Dec 20;
etror Corona, hence. Dec 21.
Sailed Dec 22— Stmr Acme, for San Pedro:
•Ur.r North Fork, for San Francisco.
FORT HADLOCK— Arrived Dec 22— Schr
v,'lli!am Bowden, from Pert Blake!»>v
TACOMA— Palled TVc 21— Br etmr. Tans
Tsre. for HoiiKk^ng: Ger ship Bertha,' for Aus
tralia; Fr bark 1a Tour d'Auverene. for. Aus-
Weather Report.
•
{
!
(120th Meridian —Pacific Time.)
SAN FRAXCISCO. Deo. 22—5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for the previous day:
Cincinnati 34-20; Philadelphia 3«-lS
Boston 30-16! Washington 40-14
Jacksonville 66-421 New York 30-l«
St. l»uis I6-3S] Pittsburg 30-22
Chicago 32-14(Honolulu 76-72
New Orleans »*-S-4Si
SAN FRANCISCO 52-44
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date. 9e compared with those of th* same
dute last season and rainfall in last twenty
four hours:
Last This La=t
Stations — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Furefca 0.C1 11.7O 17.54
Red BlufT ©.00 11.51 11.82
Sacramento Trace 7.90 4.4*
San Francisco 0.00 H.00 U.02
Fresno 0.00 5.07 0.90
Indspendence 0.00 O.45 0,42
Sen Luis Oblspo ... Trace 4.73 0.S2
Loa Angeles 0.38 l.WJ 0.43
San Diego O.S2 1.05 0.42
THE COAST RECORD.
~ Z 2 S ** *S
» Hg -3> Oi • f s Z
2 22- 2- 2 »H 2.
3 =3 s| ?= 2 3 w
STATIONS. 2 5§ II =3 f* |
I c c i : p
Baker 2S.92 2S 18 SE Cloudy .04
Cirson 23.70.48 S6 S Cloudy .00
Eureka 29.SS 40 34 SE Cloudy .01
Fre«no 20.Irt 52 30 N\V Pt.Cl<i>- .V0
Flax-staff 29.?>2 4S )2 SW Cloudy .00
Pocatello 29.0* 40 24 S Pt.Cldy .01
Indspendence .23.78" 5C ' ::2 'S Clear: .00
Los Angles ..23.SI HO 52 Nff Pt.Cldy -S§
JJt. Tamalpals.W.97 4i* 35 NW Pt.Cldy .(At
North Head ..'J9.42 46 SS SE Rain .G8
Phcenlx 2».«i4 64 40 SE Cloudy T.
Portland 29.CO 44 3« SE Rain .12
Red Bluff W.P2 4S 34 SE Cloudy .<X>
Iloseburg 29.fiS 42 30 S Cloudy .OS
Sacramento ..29.96 4S 3% E Cloudy T.
Salt Lak- ...29.85 4S 28 NW Cloudy .«4
San Francisco.29.»K 52 44 N Cloudy .00
S. L. Obispo-.29.S2 5"» 4t N Clear T.
fan Diego 29.81 C2 5C SW Clear >2
Seattle 21».5S 44 3* SE Rain .2*
Spokane .Kt.Stf 36 2S SE Cl?ar T.
Crc-scer.f 29. W> 42 .. SW Cloudy .26
Walla Walla..29.7« 44 SO S near .W
Winnemucca ..2ft.M 40 34 N Cloudy .00
Vuma 23.S4 C2 4S W Pt.Cldy T.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST
A disturbance of great depth ha« appeared
en the Washington coast and will probably
move southward, causing general ruin and high
ecutheast winds.
Southeast ctorm warninRs are dirplayed from
£&n Franc!»co northward.
Rain ha« fallen in Southern California In
gfnerous amount*, nearlr thre?-riuartert of en
irch bfine reported at San Diego.
A maximum wind velocity of <U miles from
the youth Is reported at North Head.
Forecast mace at San Franc'sco for thirty
hours ending midnight, Decernt?r 2T5:
California, north of Tehachap! — C!oud>- Fri
day, with rain: brisk to high southeast wind'.
Califcrnia. south of Tehachap: — Cloudy and
unsettled weather, with shower*: fresh south
erly winds.
Nevada — Cloudy Friday, with rain or snow.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Friday,
with rain; brisk to hlftli southeast winds.
Lo? Angeles and vicinity — Cloudy and un
settled weather Friday, probably showers;
Iiyht south winds. ;
Sacramento — Cloudy Friday, with rain: brisk
to high south wind*.
Frrsno — Cloudy Friday, probablv rain: brt*k
south winil*. A. G. McADIE.
. District Forecaster.
traiia: stmr Nebraskan, for Seattle; schr J H
Bruce, for San Pedro: stmr Tamcico. for San
Fr»nc!sco.
ASTORIA— Arrived Dec 22— Stmr Alliance,
from- Eurelia and Coos Bay; schr Ireae, hence
Deo 14.
Sailed Dec 22— Stmr Rosecran*. for Mon
terey.
COO* BAT — Sailed Dec 22 — Stmr Break
water, for San Francisco.
Sailed Dec 22 — Schr Novelty, for San Fran-
ABERDEEN— Failed Dec 22— Stmr Melville
Dollar, for San Pedro.
Sailed Dec 22— Ptmr G C LlnOauer. for Pan
Francisco; stmr Melville ' Dollar, for San Pe
dro; »"-hr Chas E Falk. for San Fracisco.
Arrived Dec 22— Schr Volaat. hence Dec S.
FORT BRAGG — Arrived Dec 22— Stmr
BrursTvlok. hence Dec 11.
RSDONDO— Sailed Dec 22— Sehr • Exce'.eior.
for WUlaoa Ilarbor: schr A B Johnson, for
Grays Harbor.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrivd Dec 22— Br ship
Port Caledonia, from Pert Blakeley.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Dec 22— Schr Oliver J
Olsen. frcm Ballard.
Failed Dec 22— Schr Muriel, for Willara;
sinus Northland, Alcazar. Ja* S Hljrjrins. Se
quoia and Santa Monica, for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sa'led Dec 21 — Stmr
Homer, for San Francisco.
Outside, bound in. Dec 21 — Stmr Coronado,
h-nce Dec 19.
ISLAND PORTS.
CEBU— Arrived Dec 22— Bktn Chehalls, from
Coos Bay.
MANILA— Arrived Dec 20— Br stmr Indra-
Minha. frcm New York.
HONOLULU— Sailed Dec 22— U S stmr C
P Pattersca. for
FOREIGN PORTP.' m
IPSWICH— Arrived Dec 2O— Fr bark Marie
Moilncs. hence July 29.
PCNTA ARENAS— Passed Dec 1»— Stmr
Caiifornlan. hence Nov 20 for New York.
VLADIVOSTOK— Arrived Dec 7— Br «mr
Ella mv. from Manila. .
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Dec 2— Ger «Unr Ara
bia, for Portland. Ore.
BEACHY HEAD— raesed Dec 22— Fr stmr
Amit a? Rlgault de Genonelly. from Santa
"Rosalia, for Londcn.
CAPE : TOWN— Arrived Dec 20— Br thip
Oliv'ebsnk. frcm Chemainu.«.
gALINA CRUZ— Arrived Dec 3— Br bark
Pa«s of Melfort, from Newport. Ecg.
HONGKONG— Sailed Dec 22— Stmr Man
churia." for San Francisco.
NEWCASTLE. -ACS — Arrived Dec 21 Schr
Solano. from Melbourne.
OYSTER HARBOR— Sailed Dec 21, midnight
— Br stmr Tottenham, for San Francisco
VICTORIA. B C— Passed outward Dec* 22
Br Rtrar Tottenham, from Ladysmith. for San
FTancisco. •-'•*
Arrii'ed Dec 22— Br «tmr Tang i>xe from
Tacoma. to load -almon for Japan: rtmr Min
nesota, hence Dec 19. •■■■ • ■
Memoranda.
Per Br ship Chlltcnford— Sailed from New
castle. Erg. July 27: was cast of? from tun
at C * m JatyX'. Beachy He&d abeam: had
light 8-rs ami calm* doxrn channel: Aor «
passed Scllly Island; thence to SO N, where
we met the NE trades, had very lluht winds
«nd.calmi>: took NE trade* in 30 N on 1TM of
Ane* and carried "tjsrtn.'to 11 N. moderate
breete: ■ had variables t«,7.N; where we met
the SW mon3«>t;n. .jr.ronx and-niually; took the
CITY OFFICER
SENT TO JAIL
Detective and Three More
Denver Election Officers
Found Guilty of Contempt
PEIOIITTED REPEATING
Applications of Nineteen
Men for Leave to Apply
for Discharge Are Denied
DENVER, Colo., Dec, 22.— City De
tective William H. Green, John de
Saye, Frank McMahon and Robert
Goodman were to-day adjudged guilty
of contempt by the Supreme Court for
their work In precinct 3. Fourth Ward,
this city, at the late election, and were
each sentenced to serve six months in
jail and to pay $100 fine and costs. The
court announced that the evidenca
showed that De Saye, who was an
election judge, permitted repeating and
that the other three assisted in the ir
regularities.
Expert examination of the ballots
from this precinct revealed 256 fraudu
lent votes and the Democratic heading
on 223 was written by one person. The
handwriting on these, according to the
experts, is the game as on fraudulent
ballots found in other ballot boxes.
There are now in Ja!I twenty-seven
men who have been convicted of con
tempt of court In committing election
frauds, and who probably will be prose
cuted later on criminal charges.
The Supreme Court to-day denied to
nineteen of the men sentenced to jail
for contempt the right to file petitions
for discharge and have the court act on
them as if they had been filed at the
time their cases were being heard. This,
it is said by lawyers, -will be one tech
nicality in the way of an appeal to the
United States Supreme Court in the
cases of these men if that tribunal
should take up the election cases.
Warrants for five men who served as
officials of election in Precinct 13,
Ward 4, were issued, but only
one, Clarence P. Dixon, could be locat
ed and served. Those not yet served
are Thomas O'Connor, J. W. O'Connor,
F. R. Brown and Thomas J. McCart
ney.
James W. Campbell, William Dougall
and George Kern, who served as judges
or clerks in Precinct 7 of Ward 5, were
arrested to-day on the charge of con
tempt- They gave the usual bond and
were released.
NEW USE IS 1-X3UXD- FOR
DIPHTHERIA AXTI-TOXIXE
I*rogress of an Attack of Spotted
Fever Stayetl by an Injection
of the Remedy.
BRISTOL, Conn.. Dee. 22.— The
first practical test of the theory re
cently advanced by Dr. Wolff of Hart
fcrd,. a bacteriological expert, whose
experiments^ would indicate a definite
relation between diphtheria and cere
bro spinal meningitis, or spotted fever,
is being made at Forestville, near
here.
A young girl was taken sick yester
day with {spotted fever and the disease
progressed so rapidly that when a
physician arrived he considered the
case almost hopeless. As a last resort
6000 units of diphtheria anti-toxine
were administered, with the result
that the patient was much improved
to-day and there is thought to be good
prospect of recovery. There* have
bec-n twelve deaths from the disease
hfre in as many weeks.
FUGITIVE CASHIER'S WIFE
PLEADS WITH CREDITORS
Offers to Pay Sixty' Fer Cent of Claims
if Her Husband Is Not
Prosecuted.
O'NEILL. Neb., Dec. 22. — Mrs. Pat
rick Hagerty, wife of the fugitive
cashier of the Elkhorn Valley Bank,
ha? written a statement to the cred
itors of the bank, in which she prom
ises them at least 60 per cent of their
claims in return for assurances that
her husband and her brother. Presi
dent McGreevy. shall not be prose
cuted. Otherwise, she says«, the case
will be fought to the end and no prop
ertv will be surrendered.
Tlie Louisiana K. G. Company of San
Francisco. «/■ ; ;
ORGANIZED MAY. 1000
TO THE PUBLIC 1 .! BEWARE OF COUN
TERFEITS'.'. All 'genuine tickets of this
company have initials "R. G. Co." en faces
and nionojrram "R. G. C." on backs thereof.
Following: arc the capiial prizes as decided
by the Honduras National Company. Satur
day. December 17, 19C4: No. 73202 wins $758%
rold^ln Lcs Ar-geles, Cal. : No. Striu wins
>2000, sold In San Francisco. Cal. ; No. 53047
wins fHTO, sold In San Francisco. Cal.; No.
K.1S5 wins JSOO. sold In Oakland. Cal.; No.
1X577S Tinns S2iO. sold in San Francisco. Cal.;
No f>0497 wins $250. sold in Stockton. Cal.
The R. G. Company paid to H. Freyer. 909
K street. Sacramento. Cal.. ?-"575O for onc-haif
licket No. O42S. drawing November 24. lOGf; to
J. B. Tallman, 321 Thirteenth sureet. ffak
land. C?.l-. $12^-0 for whol? ticket S« 412Ot».
drawinp Octcber 27. 1904; lo R. Rlchardwin,
Har.iord, Cal., $1250 for one-half ticket No.
(559*J drawing November 24, 1PC4; to G. M.
Boyd. Carson. New. JC25 for one-half ticket
No. SS4^2. drawing November 24, 1904. •
GETS JANUARY PERMIT.— The Sup?r
visors' Police Committee yesterday granted
the San Francisco Athletic Club a professional
br.sinsr permit for January and an amateur
permit for January 20. The National Club
was too late tvith Its petition for the Jsn-;ary
profctslonsl usrmit.
California Calendars for 1905.
California poppy, polnsettla. Chinese
and redwood calendars. AH new — best
£ Ver — ready -for mailing:. Sanborn. Vail
& Co., 741 Market street. •
«=E trades in 3 N: crossed equator Sept IS in
«S W 45 days out; carried SE trades light to
is S- trades hauling to NE. with winds vari
able !n force and direction, to 40 tj; thence to
Island winds, varj'lnK from W to s?E:
t>as-cd Staten Island Oct 13. 75 days out;
pa*sod Car>e Hern Oct 14: from Oct 14 to 20
had" tt'SW and NW, gales, with snow and high
sca - was 10 days from — to sOS; from 50 to
30 S, where we sot SE trades, had variable
wind's mostly W and .E, . fresh to moderate;
had s'ood «3E trades both In force and dlrec
« tion and carried them to equator strong,
which we 'crossed in 113 "W en Nov 18; from
the equator to • 6 N had very light winds,
mostly SE to S; lost SE trades in fi N; thence
to 10 N had variables: took NE
•trades In 11 N. very light and unsteady in
i ulrectlcn and scxretimes dyinir oat to a light
! air- Io«t them In 23 N: was 20 days from 30
N to port, with very lltht NE airs and calms;
arrive*! at the bar Dec 12.
-. VICTORIA. Dec. 22— i-trnr Minriesota. hencf
Dec 1» .will shelter In Baqulmalt harbvr from
SE hurricane now; raglntr until . Friday, wben
she load* her "172 Chinese fcr ere*" and pro
ceeds to £?«Ule; Br ktmr. Aorangi, due Thurs
day, not yet arrived..
Per Br ship Hutton Hall— On Nov 14 Cap
tain Th«rber. ' ; wftjje ■ j.ulllrs <"-n "thi- mizzen
royal pheil. feliaml broke his. !*s;. First C»ffl
•cer s D»»D»>r««rht vessel 'In.
NUMBERS
—OF THE-
Honduras National lottery Co
(LOUISIANA STATE LOTTERY).
PATENT APPLIED FOR.
Single Numbers Class "31" Drawn at
Puerto Cortez. Honduras, C A.,
. Saturday. December 17, 1901.
No. Priie.' No. Prize.! Xo. Prite. '■
53 *12«, 401 $24! 423 $:*
{«:*> 24; til 4 3"Jj 8>C 24 ■
S15 24, »21 24: fc«> i'4 :
icaa se, ni»i 24, 1124 24
11SO 36; I27S 24: 1575 34
ie8S 24( 175« 21; 1306 24
l?>fc» 120! 2111 2* ' 21S*2 «i»
2224 120; 22*1 241 22»7 24
23tt» 6Oj 2377 «>i Z» 12V
2471 24; 25fi3 W\ 2574...... 24
2594 60; 2«6 3€j 2«0 3*
2S7S 24; 2U33 . : . . . 24! 21»40 fO
29%'J ?.«( 3017 3«j 3070 to
3195 ; 120- S234 «n; 32*2 36
S2J»7 3G. 34Co 60, 3024 24
JW25 Sfi; 3«!>.% Sf 1 .TV74 *4>
3»07 24 392t; 24 ."»71 24
4'.«5 120' 4T23 W| 1333 120
*299 24,' 4oK8 24' 4332 54
43»7 24! 44!« 24, 4 O) 2*
4444 a*, 4W8 60i 4«VO 24
4743 24; 47*20 ♦>>; S115 60
51% 24 521S 24 K12 2A
5301 21 ' 5373 24 5454 3«
M*S 36; 5510 24 1 5*^9 24
37*.i4 24' 5«UX>..... 24 1 W.~2 <W
53M 12U ( 0019 24 ! <?:O ~«
6245 3<5i (K6l» 120j fC«4 120
. ««0 120j C3S7 24 • 6453 €0
6491 36; 6510 24; 6592 eO
««>G 36' «73>. 24 7«11 SS
70CO 35: 71*0 24, 7255 <5O
72M 24; 7308 3ft' 7314 24
«55e 24i 7sj«7 eo, T8».;.-.. 3«
SCSI G«, M« 36j *2«7 24
8364 ' 3ti| £415 12m SIM 3(5
5>«2 «»: S«>7 24'; S7S3 S6
S757 S'j;
8771 tk>* 90C9 24' 915S JW
8160 24 1 942>J 60' fC21 lxj
9530 30; KV73 36 j 9687 24
6715 24 i 9768 S*., S*7M «>
9924 12u,10ti73 S4I1O179 «O
H«28 36 IlC 44 12O.1U3&3 - 6O
ll»7«5 «f H>772 12t>;llltni 3«
11170 6OJ11277 24 i 11230 38
110X9..... 12y,1147'» 39 11533 24
llSKS 12i >1 £rt »5 3«12'C4 24
12003 2412115 2- ■ Uittt 24
121S.1..... 24)12273 24'l2321 3«
12357 24|123«7 24jl23$9 120
12V73 12>.>.1271» 12O;12H45 24
12874 «r>;l2t*!5 24 12W22 12v
■12924 60112931 .'.X.. 24 1:->1!» 24
1328O 2«! 13302 24 : 13371 21
13491 12V|i:i565 24:13842 38
lSttey 36.13767 i 241137V8 3»J
13*«2 12V,1S»77 / G»J 14072 6»>
14172 24 <1 437 A *V>il43JtJ» 24
144O1 12»>14442 24 ; 14545'. .... 3«
14565 3« 14**t 1 * 3fil4»92 35
1409-; «D15(Ji)7 24;i5C-f'S 24
15054 1SOS15O80 24 1S084 24
15181 ft- 10107 3«il5341 ««
15297 24»."- i ?ir. 24.1542i> «(>
1549C' 24!lCX»7 6<j;ir>«9<> fi<»
15085 120 1O23 24'ltil5!» «»
1«272 I»l«5ti7 36 10023 «O
1««9 12O'ie>"3 24)17004 24
17445 24|l747U 24174S3 26
17634 3C!1763«; »Vl7«;7 24
J7«75» 3(j;i77G2 24J17792 24
17924 SO I&C93 S«tlS133 3D
1MC2 12O'l%l*n 38I1S301.:;.-. 24
1S252 3GI1S257 24,18239 24
lKVfl 24J18324 24'1S41O «ti
1H590 24;i^7."p<» 24ilSS«4 fin
1*87:» 18<i 1*»59 3«;i!»)17 36
lOCCrv S6'1!K'S8 36 10112 * TA
19251 38119SS9 24;l!O5 24
19777 24;i9Sr,S «0:l»%>7 24
T009S m 2013H 24 20180 ?.*
20225 24 2fl273 12020414 24
204R1 M.20478 38!3C353 *»
S>KS 24 2^A"0i; W2053S 36
206ir> nvl20<MR 24 3O7M fX)
207!^ . 24^2riS77 . 24 3*S*<* 24
S104S..'... 1&V211S2 24 21273 24
21»> 2421313 36!
CW7 80)21412 2421420 120
214C1 24 21CC9 60,21<»4 24
S1S10 24 21S«4 24 22K» 24
2206C 3« 22170 . f<i'KSfA 24
223T4 24'223€0 «C 22499 24
n:C»» 6l>'2270<l .16 22797 24
22SSI nO22«.19 24 23i' 20 ©>
231ES 242J:i?iB lSO;2n2C8 24
23276 3<V232S6 60123382 ♦*>
2349TI 3«;r;i4 24JZ3SS1 36
2;JG5S 242-t < »4> 24 2S.S9O fin
25S«T57 24 ! 2*«ft7 3fi 24!«4 24
2414.! 24!24174 . 24 24-"VI2 «>
24404 36 2->'»2 6OI25C2S. ... . 21
25CS0...... SC!SS17O SC 25245 CO
2."<23K 38I2S2B3 3«'253S7 24
2T^C2 «G25C4« 24 2S754. .. . 12O
2SM5 24 ) 2?- < W 24'25*34 «»
25S."« 24;?E&St» 3« 2591S 21
2.j«77 24 2««14 24!2W21 T.f,
2i:C27 24!2<n*O 24i2«179. 24
24 2at«?f> 3fi;28l41 12<»
:ua:..i.. 24'2«*r<!2 24'2C^.« isa
i.T5fi<; «0 2tC?3 24 2SC39 2»
2BC72 CC 2W1* r»C 2^ S25 \2i
2t-S4<; 3«tteSS1 2127010 12U
27174 3tr271S5 24 27249 24
27320 24 : 2741S ~n 271^? 24
275is 12C27SSJ 120.27s3d 12t»
27?OT lW2Mr9 2IJ3S1S3 2»
2,v2u:5 3CI2S378 12C;2»wP3 36
2.vt43 CCI2SRS7 2S,2925« «0
2SSO4 36;2»43<» 120 29442 21
»4S8 24;2ft5U 14\ZBB32 SO
2"J«r7l» 2429«iK; 24,2S»S.'5» Sfi
2Ii97."S C«K'3C1."7 1V>30201» 24
3*itZ4> 24;r.o>rr r^sttw. . .-. . ct>
S0.T4.: 24.3<^»24 24 3C577 12O
3CtC8 3G:U>«7 24i30«34 24
31022 3*31<tt! 24H1094 T.\
31 19f* e0i3T.ru 24 .11.117 24
::1440 24!315fKl 38;;il<n6 24
31729 24131783 24 31fs"7 24
31914 24-31R23 «0i . 121*7.: ■ S«
S2074 WV3239fi 180132406 24
52V*; ;4:32.^CS> 24:.T2T.72 60
32S77 lSOj327f4» 24 .T27.» «•»►
K33«l_... 3St34005. ...» 24 3JC57 T.C.
! ,rjl!>7 60j!M.T21 2*,-T472(> 2t
3J77! 24:T4?>17 W.:'A925 TM
3l<>rt i!W(350n2 •vjraKjs ::«
3S4M 3T'fM«t 3tVi.-5.14 S<;
85M2 24 :r.771 S^l.-w^lfi. . ..% ?.e,
;,ZSA\ 24I3C019 24<S802S 24
sdcsi «)::fiiM aeisesso m
ntrjrs W13C334 24i3S4C7
.';642;t 12C,.:CC23 241."^aO 24
5r.«61 24!3ti372 • . W-T7110. .... CO
T.7121 24.17135 S8117185 fM
372ir. 3ftt372aS 24437333 .",«
37422 24ir.7r.93 .Ttf.37O0 38
3S2CS. . . , . .1fi'.S«451 3fi i fi 4SJ> 24
ZK&l 24'::!«*27 24:3S030 3G
JTSMO 24 I ~.S372 5BJW192 36
MIC 12r"».V« 24.3T»»fO 24
3s«7h ... .TH,:»737 2r.tS7.*iO 1*4
:3>020. ;... :V.;4r0f4 2tt4C211 '21
'■ 4P24O -"e^'^sa 3C4CSS9 36
404:^5 2414C474 24J4057(l «>
4C5P<» 24'4C64fl 24'4i!«l5 24
40V*» W951 2414H13S €0
410<.f» 12C-41135 120U1273 60
4t4S5 «) 41551 24J41657 60
41C8« 12C14174T. 24 ! 41<yi 24
420»o ftV42nStt 24;4CWn 1«O
J2-.SI «I 427€<i H6I427W 24
4°S2O. ... 24 42925 HC;42O5fl 120
43013 24:4n«4O .'WiJ.'».12« 24
4313.1 24;43134 120 - 4^22«^ ... 24
W»S\ 3fi'4-TW7 24I4342S 3«
4^-,.'7 24U357B 2i;44W6 3tt
44054 •_M ! 4407r. 30441CT. SB
44310 .>!*44'51 .'M > :4H511 21
*m3 2444f51 21'4»fi7t» . 24
44955 24 44?>OO 24!4r.O2<s 12O
4.VU4 24'4S05S 3C{45C80 24
J.'.IT"* . .. COt45.fM> 24^45305 24
43407 24:454r^ .-Ci45(SO 36
45772 .. *T0 45R40 24!4<XW 24
4tCir: . 24!4flfi5» 3f'4<ill^ 2»
tCSXt 24'4CUr*. ::f.-4C4!>0 ::r,
«*-;,-« Cti'.WM 24146608 12»>
4CH73 r.fl 4*^5.': 24I4T9«!2 2*
47ir: 24'4715*« 24'47?nr: 24
47449 ,...• 2»!47«4.-. r.i^ttCfO 6<>
*S1S« . f»!4St**4 eCfl:4«411 26
4S5fli 24'SSBfO 2T4SK17 2t
ASKSi 24!4S*50 24!4««n7 24
4S036 120'49ft:7 3«!45CS2 60
43104 AC 149205 COi
4ft3S! 36'4!M00 24 40442 24
4!)r,fl2 12O:40«80 24'437ft2 W
♦0P61 . . . 12C50CSI ff 50:520 «O
WC54O . 24:5O4fl7 15Cd3fl54« SO
M^^n . lSft:afl7P1 241S0STS 24
51117 .. 24!.*11fift 24'M2C*..... .V
M ft 71 -- «C-5I2V« ?4'.3t:W2 f»
M530 . .. mTil.-^e 24:S1<CM 36
52120 24"W17S 24T.2347 60
525W. .. 24!S85M: Sfi!S2«59 24
.«^t574 3f r,29«l 35I5TO47 6C00
KM7n. «s>:.-c«sj I2c-i'>cs7 m
K25S 24 5wS« S8SW3S / 2t
BS710 74 r.37?4..... 3«'5.*:746 S<5
S39»T4 24.VSJCJ 3fi5412«.;... AO
54230 24:.-.42I>4 36'54-Tl4 12->
MXl\ 1W.-.45.V. 1V>'54<C2.... . 12O
T»4Rf2 36.rC225 24!55."T2i> 24
KtU3 24 »"•--.! ?4'SS4«4 12O
STCH» ... S«irt5572 3^'5TrfCa» J"H>
5Z4&1 • fi0i557«R 12P 5S7W . *, 24
K353 . U'T4XSIi 24 >«T72 «o
K312.-..:. ni T^riso 24'arni r,,
«?»« 24:3«fi7 24:.'6725 24
r^90<< ?4;571*9 3RS7a>7 f»
&74(i>..... 34'574«0. .... CC 37564 24
57703 36! ( !
5MK-2...... 24iBS0«n 245SH9 %2b
5M41 12C.5>*1!K 24'-V«rr! . rs.
rf--.10 24 : .Vfi51 12f>2nC4j 2J
r*i4i."..:: 24;r,n2ii..:/. 24!302n5. *.-..-. m
i-94Ol..... TO 5*11*5 *"Gj.V»424... . 3>,
AP!2r..... . 3f.'?W7S..... 24!3M.<*7 W)
5Q>72..... 3«i«0in..... 24!*/)107 120
6PJ7* 24!« i >?«!> 3K:«0271 «,>
««.20 3t;«cnr> tw«M55 %r,
ft:»7C. 24!«ira> r*:tv*r;». 21
"W1571... -. «i;r<T792 24 T ft^'>O 24
♦a^v:?..". .. w«ir«s»i .t« «no2s..... sr.
en*iR5 .... 2*)»nfss . 24
»5ll<i 2*i«l«1 12n'«2Tl fO
ei-;7<s ; IV! «lSft7.". ..-. »'»t,'!7I-i23 -Jt;
filMl?.... 12O'ar!2 24;«<R>. .... 21
p^""*l • * > l|f***T'*7 ■ !Sf*'"t*^T "y;
No Pru« INa. Prt»» 'N» Prl»«
<ZZ^« 12O.«3.^2O S«'«3«l« 120
«sr*5 3«'«S7O4 24 43723 120
♦Vr7*2 en-SJTS* "fi,'C322 24
•CH«y «n:04i.m 24 64005 S4 1
M31« 24 C4425 W> (J447(>- . . . SC
«747 24843T2 W«124T.... 60
C512S «?V«>2«A -21 €5312 3»
6C-414 2l'654«:; 56 «34*3 130
«5541...... 3*«5547 24 «S«S 24
«T.7«7 24«i7*4 I20«3.«5o2 24.
W-'CT!..... .T« K53R1 3* 46051..... 2\
fX«2 24'et*149 24 '.ffSSS 2*
6T44S 120<W4;>« 24 >T.m 3»
«S«300 24 GWa£ «f>^f«.16 06
6f?C7 «n'VA-i> 12OMJX13 60
«7i)O7 S6 :«7053 »»«71<>4 24
«71RT» 24 : «71»" 24 «7I99 24
C7212 24«7XV. fO«74l3 «»
674fa* 3ctr:^ai 2i«7*is vi
••:..-;» «O«»01.1 S6 «S\~9 12r»
«S,%3^..-.. 24 6^7^0 3ft:tW7M..... Sfl
*»*«*» 3CCSS3n.... # 24 ***•» CO
6K)11 6h«JW31 SnOlii? «0
«»154 W) «31S> 36'&t2ft5 38
c-2C» 24 »W272 M-eaas* 2»
OU3« 12<y>BM43 3rt <*>71>2 2*
t2X»31 «i v 'e«»N2 • M~C&9. .... 3ft
7«Irt4 «O'7ni72 36 7lC79 I* 1 '
7T3/i2 «n 7<rt3n «>'7C,%%4..... 3*»
7tA«.% r^:70S11 217122? 3*
71C27 2t. 711*7 ,1«71414 38
7!»4« MV7I5S* **i\
7175« 24T1814 24 71S15 3«
71921 2472TO2 12" 72145 JW
721*0 24 72223 3* 72225 24
72240 24 7232T. 24 72342 24
72442 34 725.TO 24 73*79 2*
72K« S« 727fW 3* 72710 24
72727 21 7'^77r. 3* 727*« 24
72879 S«7nroi 3*5 73141 «O
7C24*> "« THS'C 24 73202 45^*"»
733«? 24 73337!.".!. 1*"> 7."»442 12iV
73S«M «»73S«>7 3* 7374* 3fi
73797 24 740S 1 24 742*7 1*>
74fi72 R« 74715 24 747M 3H
747»>4 2474^i« 24'74V» 24
74*w. 24:741*^2 S«7t?U S*
73143 5*731X5 3<751M *«
:5I«s% 24 7i23S 24 73421..... IT*
754K5 24 7.V493 12" 7 MM **>
JSS33 «rt-73554 ?A 75W3 24
75711 *» 75732 24 75757 **
757S4 3fi 75S31 3« 75990 24
7i»7n ■ 24 7«174 *O7'«3« 3*1
7fitf75 3? 7«733 «>7RSni *>
7<»11 24 7«B5ft 24.77070 24
77075 24 771R5 24;7722« 24
772<<3 fii>77324 24 77337 2*
77372 3677453 3<*.7773S 24
77»73 12^ 7<5<>27 24 7M52 24
71*223 »» 7<C43 «> 7S310 *»
7S433 1207S530 3rt 7.««f»» 24
7S7!i2 12i» 7<73A 24 7«7!*7 •>
7RSIJ4 13f> 7W27 3T! 7S12T. «r»
7P1SO 24:79173 *> 73317 S«
7S»-'53l> 12^ TIKtrt-i 3«'7J»443 1*>
79.VW 24 7SC52 2J 7!W»rt 2»
7»<W2 24 79932 24 %«7<> 3S
R0214 24 <W>358 24*i51^ 24
•VK522 24 SOW; 3« »11«3 S«S
M173 24 M2SO .V, S12W> 12n
fiir.«V? 120 S150G 12tv«l«23....: 24
$1»1« HA R212f> «V*219» 24
S2379 24 «2433 «O S2T»« - - 3«t
. (S2S1S Crt.^-VVl 12 f *'Oll* *•
ST1221 l«rS3235 34'<K3ft 2t
fS.14<> 24S3377 24'SS3«V» 12S>
KUTin 24 R3715 24 VT717 M
ss^ni st:saaaa wv^-vi* i*»
f4044 12s»S42rtl 3« S432A «>
. MSMI 24*4402 «<> S4411 *n
iB4r^7 «o'
M7S4 24 SJ7RS 12O *4«W 12O
K4S47 . . m M»54 3fi MftSt 2*
wind . . aaissrsfi 24«itn i?<»
S.-.:77 .! !. MIHISS SOC-0 Vi201 «O
*Ci2"* fXt'VSXl .tJ»'*5ft4'» M
«C4T,!> . 24 V.733 24 R.V»13 24
S*n.-,7 fiC«.n3<n 12CW114 2*
MQItS. . *?4'S»"44!> W««>2 24
fU?;rn" ". 24 V.S I" 24«7*H«..... 24)
S7(*vT " "t «7f!7<i «"<S7rR."» ***
K719l" 24 «72rt*. 24*7218 2*
S7451 ! 3K874S2 M «7454 24
f-TTAfi *0 H7*03 24 R7 VVl 1 2<»
'. eawraii 24<wi'.o an
SST«!!... 24«111 24 RS334 2*
*C47<5 2»«512 W> W«1 «>
sssTa.'.'.'.. :»is«9 www 24
soro*. "-i'wen 121 "53132 »l
srri^o «■ <Kwr.i it <«>4i« «>
TO.-S7' . MfWS! S« «W*20 24
SSS5S " . 24 «V3«» .•W9TX153 »>
fiom r^wi4i Mima .*»
Si'Af.1 *4'CT^14 .^Orti 9«;4^4 * !f »
!Wj722'!!;i 24^24! W&0473 M
Wio<i rwtfla-vn n.mm 24
Qf+TU 12Or>or?5 24,0f.7."« 24
9O7BS .. 24 »^n<Vi 1«1 «X«rt 3«
1>«K1 3Cmi31 24 91174 24
»tlSl 24 91351 r.«314ni 24
. P14H4 tt):ni«05 1200KC7 24
»1775 2402037 24 92T**r> «»
{rY.vn ... SC 92133..... fc* 924*3 24
p«»5« # 24 C2t^-3 3fi 9272f» Srt
JCCSIIIII 6rt»2770 «>»23Sft 3B
P3421 . . 24i«4« 21 BCS39S 24
1OS21 24 83702 24 S371S «>
{».t7ft4 <m&T7M 2t ar.wn 2*
<cvi~; .. tttgrsrso .1* a~^»27..... 24
ar»34 24S3P92 *Xt !H217 24
M"*?* .... 24 !W:S«? S«!W573 24
fVKtr; 12C94fi73 3K»47i>4 2t
M721 3C94SSO 120M371 12O
B5C2S 24*95277 24 952SS '2*
•WCK.... B0 95310 3*95354 3(t
P5420 .. «nft5T.T7. 2» S5t">55. .... 2*
!W5« .. S8S.WJI t:fi 95i»l 24
!»5»"S5... .. 3«a-^C*« 24 !»-«« l-*>
65S«3 .... 24938C3 «> WZW 1<«
9f»is: Zi***- 24Orf?43 3«
jirt240 3»r9fi2S9 36 9U25T7 24
9C524 .W965M JW JHM2* 3fi
j^773 13i)0 WJS'1 flft9«»23 3<1
07ms 24 07279 m.t 97355..... 2*
S7424. .... 24»7511 2* 975K7 24
5>7*S2j ... "24 9777*? 24 »7S1» 3«
9S141 24JW1«!» 3C0«173 3f»
•JS22S 2*:«233 *tt 9S5fi7 24
Jjsc.^* .... 24 ft*XlG 24 aw.V! en
9<U?6« .... fr. M 9*730 24
0S&4.-, 24 aSTWO 2I!)«24» 3R
C02S5 24 5W.144 3«'!J0527 120
JK»6(tl <5C 90830 24[
APPKOXIMATION PRIZE?:
1 100 numbers from 73242 to 73342. lr.eTust-n*.
helnsr 5<> number* en each Mde the number
drawing the capital prise cf *45.<*X>— $CO.
ICO numbers from 901P4 to 90C«4. inclusive,
beln? 50 numbers nn each side of the number
drawing the capital prize of *12.<XX>— *36.
VX> nuTnbers from L2D97 tc 5CT97. Inclusive,
beinjr 5O numbers on each side of the number
taiwlnj the capital prize cf $$000-124.
TERMINAL PRIZES.
939 numbers endinff with 92. beln* the two
la«t flyur-s of the number drawing the capital
prize of $45.0«X\ *12
993 numbers, ending with 1*. beinj tha
two last figures of the number drawins the
secend capital prize of *12,<X*\ $12.
The subscriber, havin* supervised the sin«l»
number drawing, class M. Honduras National
Lcttcrj' Company, hereby certifies that th<»
nbove ere the nombers which w»re this day
drawn frcm the 100.000 placed In the whe»l
with the prizes corresponding to them.
Witness my hand at Puerto Cortes. Tion
duras. C. A., this Saturday. December 17. 1W.
W. S. CABEL. Commissioner.
N». 73232 draws first capital prlre of |43,oriO.
wbo!e sold In Boston.
No. l»f>214 draws second capital prize of $12.
<¥X> scM in San Franci«co. Hartforrt. St.
Louis. Chfcaftu. New Tork and New Orl-jr*..
Xo 53O47 draws third capital prise of $<V*"<\
*cld in Indianapolis. St. Louis, <Tilca«r>. &•«
ton. Philadelphia and New Orleans.
No. S51S3 drr.ws fourth caplt<il prize B{
J3C0(», sold in San Francisco. Detroit. St.
Loui.*. Chicago. New Tork and B->.«ton.
: SSOOO FOR S2— WHOLE OF SECOND CAPI
TAL PRTZE.
State of California. County of San Fraociaco.
I. E. A. O'Connor of San Fmnctscr>. Cal..
b»inr duly sworn, depose an.l say that I »m
the sole owner of whole ticket No. "7329 of tN
llonduras National Lottery Company, whlrt
number won the second capital prtze of $S<*rt
In the drawing «f Nov»mber 12. 13O4. at
Puerto Cortez. Hnndum*. C A.: that <«ai'l
ticket hss been dencsited br me with »lr"
Crocker-Wor>1wort*i Xatlonal Back of San
" FrancL«cc. Cal. for collecticn. and Ufcal thi»
affidavit is msde for tbe p»>rpf»- «f ro»i»ctiin
! o* same. E- A. O'CONNOR.
lf»W V*llev street. San Francisco. Cal.
Subscribed and sw>rr> to befcre rre Hits 2«th
day o' November. 1f»i'4 -
GEORGE T. KNOX. Notary Public.
: »200O FOR $1— OW-HM.F OF THIUD CAPI-
T.\t PRIZE.
State nf New .T»rsey. C«untr of ITi:<1«'>n.
JKRSFT" rnTT. V. -I.. Nov. Tt. 1**4
I. William Star-ley bein* swrm tnl« <1*T (*n
! my oath" d.-» hereby solemnly swear- that T **■
i tbi» bcn«-fldi> owrer cf cne-hal f o* ticket Nt
; «77«7 of the HoirJara* Nat'onal Lottery Co»»^
rany the whole «f irWch <*rew four tbou.«*Ti
dollars i»4C<r.» which drawlna- took rTar* Nn
■ verr.ber 12 1904, an*t I received ray n-.on«y.
! $2*»0 In full.
.•WILLIAM STANLEY. 18 Maxwell -treet.
! Jersey. City.
Sworn to before me th!" "^ <^ay ~t N<-vMn
1 ber. 1904. JOHN L. GR1CE.
Notary Public for New Jersey.
112000 FOTl »2— XVHOLK Of FOVRTI1 CAPI
TAL PRIZE.
NEW TORK. Nov. rj. I*'*.
We are th» bona-f.d* otr-wr* of one whot«
, ticket No. 407*3. fr the Honduras .'^.tlnna*
i lottery Company, whirh <irawin*r tork plae*
at Pnerto Corter. TI«"v1-.ra* C A.. «n S»tuT
! day November 12. 19* - 4. which ncmh*r dr-^r
■the "fourth capital rrize of «wo thous»n't di'
! larn <S2CW!> and we i«ceiT»<l the rj-^neT In full
wniiam Schwartz. Sara Rracn. Mj>x Menc»*T.
IM S Nonn«Ut<n EJia WKey. &.- Knr:z. St*5
i Broome street. New Tork.
STrom to before ra> '.h>- 23d rfav ->/ Nov^m
' ber 1904 THOS. F. CONNELL.
• "com-' of Deeds, etc.. City of N»w York.
! $"COO FOR 5<» CENTS— ONE-QrAUTER OF
SECOND CAPITAL PRIZE.
HAP.R1SON. N. J.. Auk. 22, 1301.
1 This Is to certiry that I. Thomas Foley. of
I 212 North Second stm-t, Harrison. N. J.. am
) the holder snd c*r<»r of ore-yuart'r tlciet.
j No. 70430. mhich number won the sec«n<l «-at>l
1 tal rrlxe. eischt thousarHi dollara. in tlso H m
i •iuran National Ijpttery drawing of Aujrost 13.
J. 19i'4.
Subscrib«-«1 and <»w«rn to before me th!3 22i
dav of August. 1904
t WILLIAVt J HARRISON. Notary Public.
. ,
When a woman hasn't kept a lot of
old Jove 'letters it Is a sign she never
had them.
1112
JOHN' D. SI'RECKELS Proprietor
Address Communications to
JOHN M&N'AUGIIT .Manager
\V. J. MARTIN Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALK The Operator Will Con-
nect You With the Department You Wish.
publication Office Market and Third, S. F.
Editorial Hoomj- 217 to 221 Stevenson Et.
DeilverwJ by Carrier?, 20 Cts. Per Week. 75
Cts. Per Month. Sinsle Copies 5 Cts.'
Terms by Mail. Including Postage (Cash With
Orderj :
1>A1LY CALL (icclud. Sunday), 1 year. ..$8.00
DAILY CALL (includ. Sunday), tf mew... 4.00
DAILY CALL — By Single Month 75c
SUKDAX CALL. 1 Year 2.50
WEEKLY CALL. 1 year 1.C0
pnpnrv f Daily... *S.SO Per Year Extra
r5?"°^ -i Sunday. 4.15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. I weekly. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Sample Copies will b« forwarded when re-
quested.
Mali subscribers in ordering change of ad-
drets ehould be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS in order tt> insure a
prompt aad correct compliance with their re-
quest
OAKLAND OFFICE:
101S Broadway Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE: __
2148 Center Street Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT :
SAMUEL W. WALL Post Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Walfiorf-Artoria Hote!; A. Brentano. 31
Union Square; Murray Hi!I Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Hotd and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Shenr.an House; P. O. Ntws Co.; Great
Northern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House,
CHICAGO REPRESENT ATIVE:
C GEORGE KROGXESS. Marquette Bunding.
(Lcn? Distance Telephone. "Central 2618.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE :
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Ean Francisco Call.
corner Market and Third streets: open until
12 o'clock every r.ight in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
IOCS Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. ::.
527 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
9:30 p. m.
30u Hayes street: open until 9:30 p. m.
«39 McAllister strett; open until 9:30 p. m.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1SM1 Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
JO96 Valencia eireet: oi*n until 9 p. m.
Northeast comer Church and Dutocan streets;
open until 9 p. m.
2£uo Fillmore street; open until 9 p. in.
aXEETUgQ gQTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. K. .. ± _
T.-N'o assembly THIS (FRIDAY) TrSp
EVENING. £ir Knights will aFsem- [C9J
ble in the asylum on Monday. Dec. z'
2fi, at b:45 o'clock a. m., to participate in
Christmas ser.timents to our Most Eminent i
Grand Master George M. Moulton. Golden
Gate. Oakland r.nd Mission eomxnanderies
will also be oresent.
CHA£. M. PLUM. Commander.
L. A. LARSEN, Recorder Pro Tern.
PAOFIC Lodge No. 136. F. and A. M-. J»
«i!l meet TO-DAY at 1 p. m. to st- "VVf
tend the funeral of our late brother, /V\
AENER DOBLE. Master Masons are '
invited. GEORGE PENLINGTON, Sec
APOLLO LodFe No. 123. I. O. O.
I- -Initiation THI? < FRIDAY*
EVENING. December U3. * -ZSS&tgS?
r/clock sharp. Visitors cordially -^SfRF*- 1
invited- ARTHUR BEHREND. N. G.
TV. F. NORCBOSS. Recording Secretary.
i-ALIFORNIA Lo4*re No. 1. K of P., -*S
meets THIS (FRIDAY) EVEN- *«3g//
ING at * o'clock. Pioneer build- "SasX
in*. 24 Fourth et. Esquire rank. Jg^!^
Visitors cordially invited.
F. O. MOLL, C. C.
R. N. McLE.VNAN. K. of R. and 3.
Ff\ FRANCISCO T>rt No. 1«. .XScF^SE^
K o T M —Review THIS &S3— -~*<*>1
(FRIDAY! EVENING at S OP3 £> f5j§
n clock. Pioneer Hall. 2* MM Hv *§£■
D. B. P.ICHARDS. •&£$$*&/
Record Keeper.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
the Nevada National Bank of San Fran-
cleco. Cal., will be held at Its banttn*-
house, 30J_ Montgomery st. San Francisco.
Cal.. on TUESDAY January 10. 1905.
• t 3:15 p. tn.. for the election of director! to
ferve during the ensuing year, and for the
trancaction of such other business aa may
ccme before the meeting
GEO. GRANT. Secretary-
December 10. 1904.
CHEAPEST and bert in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 patfs. eent to any addreM in the
United States or Canada one year for fl,
portage paid.
DETECTIVES. *
DETECTIVE — Experienced female detective
wishes work from private parties: Al ref-
>-r*ncfr: reasonable rates. Box 2742. CalL
ATTOBgZTS-AT-LAy.
A FRAUDULENT divorce is dear at $12 and
ls no good; for 22 years I've made divorce*
a specialty; quick, <juiet; no money needed;
no pay unions divorce is granted; perfectly
reliable; lowest fe»»: advice free; collections
made. G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market St.
CONSULTATION free, private and confiden-
tial; businecs legally and promptly trans-
acted; collections, mechanics' liens, probate,
tenants tjected: legal papers, drawn; loans
en real estate; safe, «ound Investments; high
rates interest. W. MATTHEWS, C32 Market.
R. W. KING, Attcrney-at-law. Exam. bldg..
6th floor: entrance room 611 ; eftabliiihed 28
year*; all courts, general court and office
practice; no fe*s In advance or for consulta-
tion; evening by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
AA — Divorce: costs $12: I'Jick. quiet ;advlce free-
all law busIneKs; no charge unless success-
ful; oper; evenings. 927 Market 6t., room 301.
ADVICE free: divorce costs $12: no fee* or
costs in advance; all law busings; office
©pen Saturday evenings. S19 Market «t.. r. S3.
JOHN GriDKRT. »ttoraey-at-law. rooms~3
«nd 4. 240 Montgomery rt. : j.hcne Red CC17.
L R. CLARX. »27 Market, rocm 304 ; coniralta-
t!m trw; no fees in advance; open evenings.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Calf
1:» x*xe*. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year!
ASTHMA CXntH.
VI XOLA'S Asthma Remedy relieves Instantly-
1( *- 1»2l fiOc ; 1002 Market. St. Nicholas,'
also Ti:*h»j-t. 10th and Washington. Oakland
JSICYCIiES— For Said or Exchange.
CO FZCOND-HAND bicycler, all m"akeT~$THo
and up. FRY BROS.. 1S28 Polk wt.
CATtFET 23EATXKQ ASS CIiEAJlTKQ.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal-
carpets ar.d rugs also cleaned by compressed : -
air at Ehop; prices moderate. S. F Com-
rrrHsed Air Cleaning Co., 308 -Market it.-
__phones Main 152 and Bush 479. ' I
■WHEN you become distrusted ■with your work
*end for SPAULDINGS Pioneer Carpet-bcat-
Ing works.3C£-257 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works 1808 Har-
rison rt.; Al cleaning. 3c. FRED HAGE-
DORN &. CO.; phone Mission 22T».
UICHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth St.— First-clae«
carpet cleaning. 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st -
lei. Main 2S4. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props*
HUDOLPII & CO.. carpet -bentlngr works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 2G3.
CEEDIT CLOTHIERS.
C. F. ADAMS CO.. 318 Mason st.— Clothing
for everybody from hat to sho(?s: you can get
what }-ou want from us and have it charged.
CI.OTHiarG HEXOVATiyO.
SUITS cleaned and pressed. $1; ecouring and
dyeing. Bon Marcbe, Examiner bidg . r. 410-
tiione Drurara 44. Call lor ar.d deliver free!
__^^COI > X.ECTZOJr OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made
city or country. Pacific Collection Co. 415
Kuntcomery «... rooms 9-ltf. Tel. Mala 5580. J
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— $4000; BAKERY and confectionery, estab-
lished many jtars, baking 7 barrels per day;
<■ horses, wagons and buggy; one cf the best
ni ihis city. See H. G. WILKE. 26>4 Kearny. j
A — $:;5G; well established rial estate office in '
Napa Co. ;. office doing a good business; has \
valuable contracts; clearing about $150; par- I
ticuiare. R. <J. WILKE, j V»>vi Kearny st. |
A — $750; HALF interest in manufacturing bust- j
nt-Ks; established 16 years; partner can clear j
$150 easy urr month; rare chance. R. G.
WILKE, 20^ Kearny st.
A — $1100; tea and coffee store, crockery, etc.;
estab. years; stock invoice to about $25U0;
owner engagod in business in Arizona; must
sacrifice. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 20%
Kearny st.
A— $:00; HARDWARE, locksmith and electri-
cal it-pair shop; established 25 years; best
location. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny.
A— $500; HARDWARE, locksmith and electri-
cal repair shop; established 25 years; best
location. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 2t»H
Ktaray.
A — $1800; SALOON on water front close to
Market st; net rent $120; place established
rnacy yean and known as a good paying
business. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— $300; BAKERY with delicatessen store. Ice-
cream parlor; in very best location; will bu
sacrificed; owner must leave at once for New
York; rent $20. Call R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny st ,
A— $35C0; LIQUOR etore, with 5 years' lease;
$1*000 stock guaranteed; 1 block north of
Market; a very rare chance. Call on It. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A— $1KOO; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon;
daily receipts $50; rent- $80; lease; place lo-
cated close to Market and a good business.
Call on R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A — $o500; SALOON; the best on the water
front; rent $74; place known for the last 30
years as a first-class paying business. For
particulars call on R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st
A— $1200; OLD-ESTAB. dyeing and cleaning
wirrks; 3 horses; 4 wagons; net rent $20;
place estab. for many years and has a large
patronage; a good paying- business. Call on
R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny st. \
A— $1000; HOTEL; a first-class paying bar; 14
rooms, dining-room and kitchen, with 5-year
lease; close to carhcuse and other factories.
See R. G. WILKE. 2ti% Kearny st
A— $1SOO; RESTAURANT for sale, in the best
mining town in the State of Nevada; dally
receipts, $150; opposite the round house; no
better paying proposition in Nevada. Partic-
u:ars R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
$G00 — WILL take partner in a good paying,
nicely furnished coffee parlor and restau-
rant; lease; or owner will sell for $1100;
part on time. See R. G. WILKE. 2«%
Kearny st.
A— $7000; BAKERY, one of tne best in city;
monthly sales $6000; splendid chance for two
partners; not ail cash necessary. Particulars
v-e R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny Bt
A— $2500; HOTEL In Sonoma Co.; 20 furn.
rooms; dining and bar room, bus, 2 horses,
cow. etc, and 7 acres of land; 5 years' lease;
rent $50. or owner will sell whole property
lcr $12,000. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st
A— $1750; CORNER grocery and bar. with 5
living rooms, on Sacramento st. ; 4% years'
leas*; rent $45; the very best location. See
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny St.
$350 — RESTAURANT; very best location: rent
fCO; clos- to Kearny and Bush; good-paying
investment; investigate. Call on R. G.
WILKE, 2«% Kearny st
A— $2D00; COltNER grocery and bar on Va-
lencia st; lease; old established and good
paying business; investigate; a rare chance.
See R. G. WILKE, 2C% Kearny st.
A — $2350; COAL. wood, hay and grain busi-
ness; 3 horses. 3 wagons; net rent $34;
place established years; very best loca-
tion; a good cash business. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $SCO; CORNER saloon In wholesale dis-
trict; no night or Sunday work; saloon «s-
tab. 20 years and known as a good busi-
ness. See It. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A — $2150: CORNER grocery and bar, 5 years'
lease; r-nt $40; store doing large cash busi-
ness.: location can't be beat; value In sight
See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A — $2600; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; one
block from Examiner building; place estab-
lished years; doing a first-class business;
about $70 per day. Particulars see R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $3300; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
St.; rent $60: living rooms; stock will in-
voice about $2feOO; a well established and
first-class paying business. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $330; DAIRY, produce and delicatessen
store; 5 rooms; rent $25; best location Va-
lencia st Call R. G. WILKE, 2C% Kearny.
A — CAMERON & CO Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
For tale — Well-furnished and equipped country
hotel; 59 rocms; rent only $150; 10-year
lease; newly painted and renovated through-
out; about 50 miles from S. F.; fine, grow-
ing town; present owner made fortune and
wants to retire. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
First-class saloon downtown; 2 blocks from
Market st; rent $75; well fitted up; receipts
$1S to $25 per day; must be eold on account
of other business; price $1600. CAMERON
It CO.
First-class short-order restaurant, downtown;
fittings new and up-to-date; receipts $75 to
$S0 per dcy; fine opportunity to get Al prop-
osition reasonable; best of reason for selling.
CAMERON & CO.
For sale — First-class bazaar and cigar busi-
ness; Al location, long lease, cheap ret t;
fixtures and store up-to-date; established 17
yoars; fine new stock of goods; has never
changed hands; now clearing $350 and over
per month; best reason for selling; an op-
portunity of a lifetime. See CAMERON &
____ %
Harness and saddlery shop, well located; rent
$12; well stocked; fine wax machine; all
bench tocls: everything goes; price $1000-
more than value In sight; retiring from busi-
ness. CAMERON & CO.
Here ls an opportunity of getting one of the
best groceries and bars in city; fine transfer'
corner; downtown and dclng big buslnes;
cheap rent: 5 years' lease; receipts average
S1S00 to $2000 per month; never changed
hands; best of reason for selling. CAMERON
& CO.
Exchanges made In all kinds of real estate,
rooming-house and business chances. CAME-
RON & CO.. 3 Eddy st
For sale— Several good burtness propositions for
Investors, such as cigar stores, groceries and
bam, bakeries furnishing goods, merchan- ]
dlse, country hotels, restaurants and many
other propositions too numerous to mention;
would be pleaded to have you call and Inspect
our list. CAMERON &. CO., 3 Eddy st
For sale— First-class downtown cigar store;
doing good business, but disagreement of
partners cause of salt. CAMERON & CO.
$400— PARTNER wanted; established genteel
Indoor business; duties light; short hours;
will pay $100 month to each: no % experience
required. MARIN INVESTMENT CO., 235
Kearny st
TO lea»e for a term of years— One of the best
places In the town of San Mateo; large
house, barn, chicken-house, etc.; on the elec-
tric line; 5 minutes' walk from depot; suit-
able for private hotel and restaurant; very
large grounds, fine shade trees, beautiful
flowers; a fine opportunity for the right
jarty. Inquire after 5 p. m. from owner, S6
Fair Oaks st. San Francisco.
FOR sale — Bakery: short distance from Ban
Francisco: a creat bargain If sold at once as
owner Is Interested In other business. Apply
Bakers' Home. 794 Mipslon st.
$4C0O— BEER bottling works and draught beer
agency, complete, !n every detail; good estab.
trade: must see account of sickness. Inquire
WuHder Brewing Co.
WANTED— Partner with $5000; 14 years In
business; can double your money In one year
and can show you that it can be done be-
fcre going In. Box 21. South Berkeley.
WE incorporate and float rtock companies- we
2S?S f J^"£ tP<1 Becuritie s: leans negotiated.
HOItATIO GILBERT & CO.. Ellicott Square
xJuualo.
FIRST-CLAPS tailor store; worth $2600; will
eell for $S00; no agents. Box 2006, CalL
$125— CARPENTEiTshop with~two rooms "fuT^
nlshed. 532 Sixth st Call after 6 a. m.
$250— NOTIONS, candy and cigars; 2 furnished
rooms; must be sold; make offer. 343 6th st
RESTAURANT for sale: trouble among part-
ners. 1S1 Elxth »t
FOR sale — A entail grocery and bar. Inquire
at IMS Fifteenth st
PARTNER, or whole; saloon and 15 famished
rooms: good chance; bargain. 212 East st.
FOR Bale — Delicatessen store with' living
j rooms; low rent; price $700. Box 1396. Call.
ROUTE 12. San Francisco Call, for sale. Av-
l sly Ean Francisco Call offlca, ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. DECEMBER-. 23, 1904.
BUSINESS CHANCES — Continued.
~Y." X. BROOKBANK,™
' BUSINESS AGENT.
917 Market St., between Fifth and Sixth.
A CLIENT of" mine who conducts a well pay-
ing cigar stand on Market st. desires good,
honest man as partner to assist him in at-
tending stand, and to same he can offer fine
position; no experience necessary; $350 cash
required. Particulars of BROOKBANK.
$350 AND services , secure an interest in old
estab. office and commission business clear-
ing $200 to $250 mo.; no experience required;
party must be sober and reliable and furnish
good references, as same will be tendered
him. Particulars with BROOKBANK.
$.SCO— INTEREST in manuf. bus. offered to me-
chanic or outside man; business well known:
proflt3 large. Box 3!)44. CalL :
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 1G page*, sent to any address In ths
M M
A A
R —^ — R '
N - . N
MARION GRIFFIN,
0 Room 406, Examiner bldg. G j
R Telephone Black 3607. R
1 Free List of I
F Hotels and Rooming-houses. F
F We Guarantee Titles. F
I We have money to lend. I
N Come and see us. N
" —I—
—HAVE A—
—HIGH-CLASS PROPOSITION—
— for Eorce enterpi Islng lady or gentleman —
— of education and refinement —
— new and modern house of tfS rooms —
— partially furnished — fine furnishings —
— T«bk of my rent. $5 per room —
— 6-yejr lease —
— House should dear $300 monthly —
—Price $3500.
MARION GRIFFIN is my only agent.
— WE--
—ESPECIALLY—
—RECOMMEND TO YOU—
— a 37-room house in a find location —
—4 blocks north of Market st. —
— Swell entrance —
— Elegantly furnished, right up to the hour —
— Steam heat; hot and cold water —
— Near good restaurants —
— Necessary cash. $1500.
MARION GRIFFIN, the real estate agent—
—NOW—
— we will show you —
— a reliable little 12-room house near—
— The Emporium —
Price $400; rent $3U; cleared $47 monthly
— for last B years.
MARION GRIFFIN, room 406. Examiner bldg.
1. —READ THIS— 1.
2. — STORY OF a partially furnished house — 2.
3. —"A CHANCE OF A LIFETIME"— 3.
4. —As told in this ad of 18 lines— 4.
6. — We want to sell — 5.
0. — An aoartment house of 150 rooms — 6.
7. — Profit steadily $396 monthly — 7.
8. — It's very expensively furnished — 8.
9. — Price $7500. A great bargain — 9.
10. —Long lease. Rent $750. 10.
11. —You only need §2000 in cash — 11.
12. — We promise to arrange balance — 12.
13. —Respectfully. MARION GRIFFIN— 13.
14. —P. S.— 14.
15. — If you do not know — 15.
in. — Our reputation — 16.
17. — We shall gladly give you — 17.
18^ —BANK REFERENCES— 18.
ANY reasonable offer buys a 45-room
house nicely located north of Market:
rent $150: clears $175; books open
for - examination.
MARION GRIFFIN, 406 Examiner building.
— SNAP IT QUICK
— 16 rooms for $500 —
— NE. corner flat —
—North of Market— nicely located —
— Don't "think" too long.
MARION GRIFFIN, room 406 Examiner bldg..
Corner 3d and Market.
—SLAUGHTER SALE^T
— 21 rooms on Market st. —
— Beautifully furnished and fine entrance —
Splendid location. If you have $500 to pay
down make your offer to
MARION GRIFFIN.
ADMINISTRATOR'S sale. He says:
"Get me an offer on that house. It must
be sold. There are 30 rooms, 27 of them
have bay-windows. The furniture ls tine.
Profit $200 monthly."
— Lone lease.
MARION GRIFFIN, office at Examiner bldg..
— Corner 3d and Market.
PRIVATE
—SANATORIUM—
—Ye* a new corner house—
— Centrally located —
— Quite beautifully furnished —
—Now full of permanent roomers —
—But well adapted—
— for purposes of a sanatorium —
— Call before Christmas.
MARION GRIFFIN, room 406, Examiner bldg..
— Cor. 3d and Market.
—22 ROOMS—
— Near Ellis and Larkin —
— Rent only $70 for 22 rooms —
— Same owner for 15 years; price $1100 — '
— During that
—time It has
— always cleared
— $70 monthly.
MARION GRIFFIN, the real estate agent.
— room 406.
. -,..v.';.:^.: : : —3d and. Market.
A — CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050
3 Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
One of the most complete and elegantly fur-
nished 60-room straight rooming-house; 15
minutes' walk from Kearny St.; nothing finer
in city, combined with elegant new modern
building; fcheap rent; every room occupied with
the best class of people; clearing $300 per
month, and sickness is only cause of sale; ex-
clusively with us. .
Here l s 14 rooms; Van Ness; furnished In
oak and mahogany; good carpets; all full;
clearing nice little salary every month; It ls
yours at $000.
Fim-class investment where you can earn
$2400 per year on expenditure of $4500 in 46-
room house; rent only $125 per month; choice
location on Sutter st.; always full; best of oak
furniture; good carpets; sickness only reason
for scLMog.
Anoth*. one; a beautifully furnished 6-room
flat; Sloam, fitted It up 0 months ago and cost
considerable over $000; think of the rent, only
$25 per month; choice location; big snap; $400.
We have 13 beautifully furnished rooms In
nne block on Post st. ; full nicest kind of room-
ers; new and modern throughout; brings In
nice Income; furniture In oak, birdseye maple;
velvet and Axminster carpets; cost $1800 to
furnish six months ago; obliged to leave city;
big bargain; $1200.
12 rooms; fine block on Sutter; rent only $55;
watw free; oak furniture, moquet and Brus-
sels carpets; nice little home; $700.
,«J 0U can>t b eat this beautifully furnished,
lOO-room, downtown house: carpets, furniture
and draperies of the very best; electric llghu,
steam heat; In fact, everything modern and
up to date; long lease; cheap rent; owner leav-
ing city. ,
Big snap; 31-room apartment-house; rent
only $4 per room; well furnished and clearing
$90 per month; will' only take $550 cash, bal-
ance time; price $950. ■ (
This speaks for itself: 15 rooms, furnished in
oak: new carpets, and full to the roof with
good people, which brings in profit of $75 per
month; sickness compels sale.
Grand, new, modern apartment- house; beau-
tiful building; elegantly furnished: good long
leaie with cheap rent; only 15 minutes' walk
from Kearny st. ; has 180 rooms and pays $500
to $000 per month; always full; best class of
people; a bargain can be had If taken at once.
Golden opportunity to get nice 7-room v nat; '
rent only $40; water, garbarge and Janitor
Bervice fr<>e; mahogany and oak furniture; car-
pets body Brussels, new 1 year; cost $800;
now $450; obliged to leave city.
Here ls 16 good rooms, close In, with 3 rooms
not furnished, but are all full and pays $50
per month 'above all expenses; owner taking
larger house; price $1060.
Swell, family hotel on Sutter st.; beautifully
furnished; always full; there are 80 rooms, rent
only $425; obliged to leave city; will be sold at
half cost to furnish.
14 sunny rooms, close In: rent only S60 per
month: some new carpets: everything nice and
clean and pays well; price ?900; $400 down
balance time; a fine chance. .
Nice little house of 18 rooms, with good fur-
niture and carpets: rent only $65; must dispose
next ten days; make offer. •
First-class family hotel on Nob Hill: 80
beautifully furnished rooms: all full and doing
a g:ood business, but must leave city;, only
I We have a number . of special bargains , in
tODGING-KOtrSES FOS'S&LE — Con.
flats of ti to 10 rooms, new and modern; can
be had for less than half cost to furnish; must
be sold, either ' account of sickness or de-
parture. . - .
Have large list of real estate, hotels, room-
ing-houses and business ■ chances for exchange
or trade alawys on hand. -
A. CAMERON & CO.; 3 Eddy st.
H. C DECKER. ...... .906 MARKET ST.
H.C. DECKER...... PHONE JOHN 631.
SQUARE DEALING— CLEAR TITLES.
Over 23 yearn selling houses in this city.
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
See . the' Following Bargains:
20 r. ; elegantly furnished; transient $1500
24 r. ; Market Bt. ; gocd investment 1650
16 r. ; on one floor; transient; rent $80.. 000
Sr.; Mission st.; good buy....... 400
120 r.; modern hotel; flrat-class location. 12, 000
10 r. ; house; new furniture C00
190 r. ; clears $750; only $5000 cash needed.
186 r.; apartment: clears $400 month 7500
150 r. ; new apartment-house; offer wanted.
10 r.; rent $75; only $250 cash. 750
24 r.; all,light and sunny; rent $60...... 1400
20 r. ; Market st. ; snap. • 2500
25 r.; up-to-date hotel; swell location.. 3200
40- r. house; only : 2400
10-r. house; new furniture ■••• COO
27-r. house on Post st 2000
8 r.; sunny corner; north of Market »t.. 400
100 r.; always rented; clears $400 8500
103 r. ; apartment; clears $400 a month.. 8000
H. C. DECKER. 006 Market Bt., cor. Stockton.j
MITCHELL & CO..
1206 MARKET ST. PHONE JESSIE 2931.
Rooming and , apartment-houses, ■ hotels, flats.
Sold to suit purchasers. Titles guaranteed.
AUTOMIBILE AT YOUR SERVICE.
LODGING-HOUSE near Geary and Jones sts.
Very central; will sell reasonable. Box 1498,
Call office.
„ -.
A— EXTRAORDINARY OPPORTUNITY
To Consult
RICHARD MAYO-
At Reduced Charges.
Complete clairvoyant readings 60c this week.
No charge unless satisfactory.
You can be the judge.
At a glance, before you have a chance to
utter one word, he will tell you what you
came for and what you want to know. He
will tell you your name, your age, occupa-
tion. His descriptions of your friends and
enemies are as real as though they stood
before you. • . .
LOVE, COURTSHIP AND MARRIAGE.
Gives truthful revelation of all love affairs,
troubles, marriages, restores lost affections,
reunites the separated, settles lovers' quarrels
TELLS YOU WHEN AND
WHOM YOU WILL MARRY.
And how to "WIN the man or woman you
love, and how to make your husband or wifo
be true to. you, and how to overcome all
your enemies and how to make a person at
a distance think of you, and how to DE-
VELOP PERSONAL MAGNETISM, THE
KEY TO ALL SUCCESS.
Permanently located. Thoroughly reliable.
Ellis St.— 421A— Ellis st.
Hours — 10 a. tn. to 8 p. m. Private flat.
LIVINGSTONE,
THE OCCULT WONDER.
FOR A RELIABLE. INTELLIGENT CLAIR-
VOYANT READING. CONSULT
LIVINGSTONE.
FIVE RECEPTION PARLORS. LADY AT-
TENDANT. 26% KEARNY ST.
ATTENTION "
MRS. DR. CLARK.
The well-known medium and clairvoyant,
may be consulted on all affairs; every hidden
mystery revealed: she will show ycu how to
overcome your enemies and unite- the sepa-
rated; tell your entire life, past, present and
future; satisfaction by mall; send stamp for
circular and special terms. 343 Geary st.
MME. LYNN. 239 Powell st., parlors 1 and 2—
. . The natural born occult, medium, psychic
and clairvoyant of the Orient; her famous
$2 readings this week for 50c; gives business
and personal readings daily and guarantees
satisfaction.
MME. M. BERNARD, the famous clairvoyant
and business medium, reads your life cor-
rectly, gives accurate description of the past,
present and future; greatest living adviser on
all affairs in life; never failed to give satis-
faction; 25c up. 17 Third st., next Examiner.
MISS M-^WILLE." 310 Ellis Bt..— clairvoyant
crystal seer and life reader, tells you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion; names given: $1; hours. 10 to S.
ISMAR. Egyptian seerees. The Vendome, 1104
Market St.. San Francisco.. Office hours — 10
a. m. to 5 p. m. ; Sundays, 10 to 12: Wednes-
day evening. 6 to 8. Phone South 1141.
MME. PORTER, clairvoyant, medium; born
with double veil and second sight; tells past,
present, future; 1. 50c: g. by cards $1; palm-
istry full life read. $1. 303 Jones, nr. Eddy.
MME. KRONENBERG. palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader: when others fall try me; read-
Ings 25?. 324 O'Farrell St.: tel. Red 6537.
MISS ZEMDAR, young gifted, clalr. and palm.;
reveals love, marriage business, etc.: L. 50c:
G. $1: hours 10 to 9; names. 714 Franklin st.
A— MME. REKA, palmist and clairvoyant, will
give readlneg free this week. 320 Eddv st.
MRS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader, ha*
returned: sittings dally. 1C8 6th St.. rooms 1-2.
MRS. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune-
teller, is now at 317 EllU st.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. 1206 Market, r. 14. Gait House.
C. MAYO STEERS, trance medium. 305 Lar-
kin, room 49; readings 1 to 5; tel. South 319.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted slate-writer and
clairvoyant. 1112 Kddy »t. Phone Scott 887.
DENTISTS.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 50c:
plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DrTlUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
No charge for extracting when plates) are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
PARIS Dental parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up; fillings, 25c.
GOLD fillings, 75c; silver, 35c; crowns. $2; no
pain; open Sundays. Dr. A. C.Hewitt. 204 Sutter..
ARTHUR OHISHOLM. surgeon-dentist.r.M.Ist
floor, Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from Geary st.
to corner Sutter st. and Grant ave.
DRESSMAKEBS^AND SE AMSTBE3SE3,
MCDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew-
art's button and buttonhole factory.110 Taylor.
~ EDTJCATIOWAli.
A — THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
leges; refs. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor; day, evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
E. R. AYRES. founder of Ayres' Business Col-
lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing; $5 month; life scholarship
$50; positions secured; day, eve. 723 Market.
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
institution devoted exclusively to dramatic
learning in America: positions guaranteed.
Send for catalogue. Native Sons' building.
H EALD'S School of Mines and Engineering, 24
Post st., S. F. ; civil, mining, electrical, steam
and gas engineering. Send for prospectus.
A SUCCESSFUL college; new, large rooms;
perfect light; all graduates are getting posi-
tions. S. F. Business College, 73S Mission st.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mln., mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st.
• Established 18113: largest In the West: an-
nual enrollment 1000; send for circulars.
ALL Eng. and com. branches. $5 mo.; 47- les-
sons Benn Pitman shorthand hold any posi-
tlon; indlv. lnstruc. West. Bug. Col.. 1281 Mkt.
CLASSES in short story writing and Journalism
meet on Mon., ; Wed. and Thurs.. 2 p. m., 333
Phelan . bldg. ;• terms very reasonable.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col., 602 Van Ness
ave. ; positions secured. R. H. Webster, Pres.
A— GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL-
. LEGE. 1382 Market st. Send f of catalogue.
MARKET School for the pianoforte. Studio
"* 018 Alvarado st.
BOOKKEEPING — Save time, gain knowledge,
with TARR, expert. : 217. Parrott ■ building.
GUITAR, mandolin' and piano,- $3 per month;
vocal lessons SI... : 828 Haight st. ,
CHICAGO Business College, 1584 Market— Posi-
tions, ■ shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $8 mo.
ADULT. and Juvenile ; classes now. open. Hln-
• man '» Schoolof Dancing. 1412 Polk, nr. Cal.
SHORTHAND : taught thor'Iy by mall and per^
f.;;sonally. : Miss M. Q. Barrett. 303 Montgomty.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON' S. 424 Pine St.— Night class.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment office
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
S. IMURA, 839 Sacramento. Tel. James 5231.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell st. ; tel. Main 5752.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
■ flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1007. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WART-IP— -PEMALB.
A— BOOKKEEPER cashier, young lady; ex-
pert accountant; quick, accurate; all modern
systems; highest references; last position 5
years. Box 2062, Call office.
BY young lady of refinement and ability, posi-
tion as traveling companion and secretary to
Invalid, or as traveling saleswoman. Box
3997, Call office.
YOUNG woman wishes position to assist in
housework, care for young baby; very fond
of children; $15. Address M.. Call Branch,
639 McAllister st.
ENGLISH woman with a girl 12 years old
wants work of any kina; Alameda preferred.
MRS. LEWIS. 1530 Buena Vista ave., Ala-
meda.
WAITRESS, experienced, wants position: ho-
tel or restaurant 324 Mason. Phone Black
2390. •
WOMAN with a child; good cook; wants work;
country. 324 Mason. Phone Black 2396.
WOMAN wants housework place or care of
Invalid. 324 Mason. Phone Black 2396.
A LADY takes washing home; open air dry.
Phone Page 7931.
FIRST-CLASS American woman, out of means,
wants to go In good steady home; wash
dishes or other light work; Is a good plain
• cook; carfare, $2 50 week. Address 106%
; Third St.. room 25, first flight.
DRESSMAKER, ladles' tailor, on suits and
coats; only first-class work done; at home
or engagements per day; good cutter and ,
fitter; all work guaranteed. MISS BARSS.
Sherman House, 23 Eighth st
EDUCATED English lady wishes engage-
. ment as experienced nurse to invalid; high
references in city and Los Angeles; would
assist In needlework or house duties. Bex
2165. Call office.
PRACTICABLE dressmaker, tailor system,
stranger, will take a few days' work at $2
per day to Introduce her work; satisfaction
guaranteed. Box 3992, Call.
COMPETENT dressmaker, stranger, willing to
work for room and board for herself and
husband; best references; 'best work. Box
2018, Call office.
BY young lady of refinement and ability, posi-
tion as traveling companion and secretary to
invalid, cr as traveling saleswoman. Box
3997. Call.
RESPECTABLE woman wants work Xmas day
■ as cook or helper;, state wages. Box 3993,
Call office.
RELIABLE woman wishes a few families by
day to wash, clean or chamberwork. 488
Geary st. : phone Brown 32.
YOUNG German woman wants cleaning and
sweeping; $1 day. MRS. V., 9 Hitch st, off
Folsom, bet Third and Fourth, in rear.
COMPETENT girl wishes housework and cook-
ing. Phone Mint 1442, after 9 a. m., 13S
McAllister st.
EXPERT dressmaker, best fit and style guar-
anteed, will work for $2 per day; good on
children's clothes. Box 2027. Call.
A GERMAN woman, good worker, wants wash-
Ing, ironing or housecleaning; $1 50 per day.
No. 2 Hayward St., off Harrison, below 8th.
A COMPETENT laundress and house-cleaner
wants work at $1 per day; references. Box
2055. Call.
AN Eastern dressmaker would like a few more
engagements by the day; guarantees work;
references. Phone Black 1393.
WANTED — By a competent woman,, work cf
any kind by the day. MRS. C. M. H.. 405
"Harrison st.
ARTISTIC dressmaker would like engagements
by the day; $1 50; dresses altered: perfect fit
guaranteed. Box 2C64. Call office.
WOMAN wants work by the day, washing or
housecleaning; $1 50 and carfare. MRS.
OSGOOD, 115 Hayes st. .
EXPERIENCED nurse will care for the sick
during day; car fare. Box 2040, Call office.
EXPERIENCED Infants" \ nurse wishes a po-
sition: city references. ' Box 2051. Call.
FINNISH girl wishes place to do housework.
23H Perry st.
WOMAN wishes housework by the day or nurs-
ing. 725 Brannan st., bat. 6th and 7th.
MIDDLE-AGED woman; cook and light house-
work. Apply 629 Clay St.. after 11 a. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. /633 McAllister st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MAI.B.
SITUATION WANTED. ~~~
A nrat-clavi office man desires position
which ability will make permanent: have
had several years' experience In an executive
position with one of the largest firms In the
country; thoroughly acquainted with all
kinds of office detail and the handling of
men; good reasons for changing. Address
box 3957, Call office.
YOUNG married man who understands col-
lecting, has knowledge of general office and
clerical work, wishes position with firm with
chance of advancement; best of references
given. Address box 3936. Call office.
AA — A STEADY, sober, useful man wishes po-
sition; gardener, milk, good horseman and
driver handy with tools; good references.
Box 2020, Call office.
POSITION -wanted by an experienced licensed
marine or stationary gas engineer, ashore or
a flea t; references, etc. Address 843 Twenty-
nlnth st. Oakland. Cal.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper and cost account-
ant desires position; have had some expert- 1
er.ee In the advertising business. Box 3961,
Call office. ■
POSITION wanted by practical steam engineer
and all round machinist; will mo anywhere
if offered permanent position; references.
Box 3089, Call office.
BY trained male nurse and masseur competent
and reliable, permanent position "with inva-
lid or mental patient; references; terms mod-
prate. Box 2048, Call office. \
ACCOUNTANT, first class, open for engage-
ment January 1; age 35; salary $100; best
city references and cash bond. Address box
3941. Call.
A BOY wants a position In printing office to
learn press work; can feed press to satls-
faction. Box 3931. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS painter, polisher and paper-
hanger wants position by month or year.
VEITH, 713^4 Grove st. ! .
FLORIST gardener, first class, single, wants
situation. Box 3955, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS bafber wants Job for Saturday
and Sunday: steady. Box 2036, Call office.
A GOOD barber wishes steady Job: city or
country; can furnish good references; steady
work more of an object than wages. Box
3991. Call office.
YOUNG German, with experience, desires posi-
tion in grocery: 3 years in last place; best
of references from the same. C. P.. 201
Montgomery ave. j .
WANTED — Private place to do chores; com-
petent to take care of horses; want good,
place more than wages. C. T. EHLERS,
322 McAllister st.
YOUNG man. 18. wishes position In of fie*;
Christian, honest, willing, quick: can be
useful in any' office capacity. Willing, box
2701. Call. .. j
FURNITURE and hardware packer, ' under- |
stands shipping and handy with tools, wants
a steady position: wages $2 75 per day.
Box 2174, Call office. . ;
WANTED— Situation as small contractor, and
general Jobbing by a competent carpenter.
A. M., 918 Alvarado st-
YOUNG man, German, wishes position in a
saloon and to help with bar or work of aay ■
kind. , Box 2024. Call office.
barber wishes steady Job:
■ steady employment more of an object than
wages. Box 2005. Call.
WAITER wants place at once; restaurant or
hotel, bakery or boarding house; town or
country. Box 2060, Call office.
YOUNG man wants job as janitor, dishwasher
or.wme inside work; steady place preferred.
. Box 2041. Call office. .- I
GROCERY clerk, "all-round. office and counter
hand, wants work; bond; ' references. Box
" 2007. Call. -:-•■■
BRIGHT young man wishes position as stock
. clerk in. wholesale house; best of refs. Box
21C6, Call. ; -,- * ■
MARRIED' man desires position on ranch;
stock preferred*/ Box 2217.'. Call] office.
WAITER, sober and steady, willing : to ' work
at anything, wants position, Box 2033. CalL
1 EMPIiOYMEKrT WaKTZD— Mal^^-C 031
AS attendant and companion to invalid,
chronic or msntai patient by competent and
reliable man under middle age. of education
and thorough training and experience as
nurse and masseur; references; terms mod-
erate. Box 204S, Call office.
A FELLOWCRAFT. .TO years, wants work of
any kind except canvassing; has had »
years' experience as a vsatchman. W . E.
D.. 124 Eureka st. S. F.
YOUNG man with S years' experience in New
York' City counting-rooms desires to obta.n
a situation for a short time cr Linger, with
expert accountant. J. P. PETERSON, care
Mrs. Alexander. 2327 Mission st.
WANTED — A situation by a good sober engi-
neer familiar with Corliss ana otner makes of
entices, air corcpresscrs. dynamos and mo-
tors; good references. Box 23«7. Call office.
YOUNG man wants place to attend to old
gentleman, lady or Invalid and do other work
in private house. Box 220S, Call office.
YOUNG intelligent man and wife, Scandinav-
ian, want positions; single or tosether; low
wages. Box 209C, Call office.
CAPABLE man wants situation to work In a
wine cellar or liquor store; can tend bar.
Phone Hyde 1611.
TEN years' experienced draughtsman and sur-
veyor wishes position for railroad company;
city or country. 762 McAllister st
GARDENER wants position en private place;
married; no children: best of references: 9
years on last place. Box 2657, Call office.
A SOBER young man would like position as
watchman. Box "OSS. CalL
NON-UNION carpenter wants work. Box 2012.
Call office.
SITUATION wanted by ycuns man. age 32.
as Jan'.tcr In private family. Box 3093. Call.
PIANO player wants position: ragtime, spe-
cialty. Box 20O4. Call office.
SACK sewer and sack tender would like posi-
tion. FRANK VARGAS, B2S Pacific st.
A JAPANESE couple want situations In fam-
ily; man any work; wife housework or care
for child; city or country. T. KIHARA,
6 Central place, off Pine st.
A JAPANESE laundryman with many years'
experience and references wants oositlon in
a family or hotel; wages reasonable. M. S..
935 Sacramento st.
JAPANESE wants position; first-class cham-
ber work or gardener; wages $25. HARRY
- UMEDA, 1040 McAllister st. : phone Fell 7181.
SITUATION wanted by Japanese first-class
butler; experienced: has good references.
Address GOTO, 407 Post St.. cttv.
A JAPANESE boy wants position as schoolbov
or hours' work. TONE KAWAMOTO. 442
Devisadero st.: phone Page 2109.
JAPANESE, first-class waiter, wants a pool-
tlon private family; gocd references. G. H..
r>18 # Jessie st, city; tel. South 90.
A JAPANESE man and wife wish positions,
man to cook and wife watt at table. Call at
4C5 Jessie st. MIRAKATANL
JAPANESE bey wants position as helDer to
. baker; pay $20 month. Address 513 Jessie.
YOUNG Chinese wishes position as cook In
lamily. Call at Sang Wo Sang & Co.'s. 613
Jackson st.
CHINESE first-class waiter wants position:
hotel or private place. F. Y.. 21 Brenham pi.
ECZEMA CUUE.
$100 FREE for any case of eczema, fait rheum
or barber Itch that I can't cure; a trial
treatment free. DR. BROWN. 54 Sixth st.
/ rxxAxrcxAXh
THE REALTY SYNDICATE.
Capital paid In ...$4,600,000 00
Surplus 940,901 86
Issues
Six r>€r cent
Investment Certificates
At car.
Office — No. 14 Sansome St.,
San Francisco. Cal.
COMPANIES formed: mining or patents; stock
sold: strong Eastern connections: advice free.
Write A. F. HARASZTHY. 522 Crcssley bldg.
FOR sale — Good $300 mortgage. 1 per cent a
month. SMITH. 20C Eddy st.
FLATS TO LET.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list:
service absolutely free; take advantazs of
this department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-59 Geary
st, on the square.
COTTAGES, houses and flats to Jet; every de-
sirable vacant place in San Francisco on
our lists; service absolutely free; let us find
you a place; come in and let us know what
rent you want to pay and the locality; "we
do the rest." Sterling Furiture Company,
1039 Market st. opp. McAllister.
NEW swell flats; every possible latest conveni-
ence; close to main entrance to Park: 5 car
lines: one runs all night; rent $27 50 to
$32 50. 7th ave., nr. Fulton st; open 11 to 4.
CASTRO. 423. nr. 17th — Elegant, sunny, mod-
ern middle flat, 7 rooms, bath, basement- fine
view; $30. ;.-»'
A SUNNY corner 6-room flat; bath; basement:
half block from Market st. ; Eighteenth and
Castro «t cars. 3945 Seventeenth st
XOE. 1052, corner Elizabeth — Sunny corner up-
per flat; new; 6 rooms and bath; modern Im-
provements; convenient to 24th -Castro cars.
SUNNY modern middle flat, 7 rooms and bath.
649 Fell st, near Webster.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let Cal]
on LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery st
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
FI^ATS^ _^9jg. SAI.E-— FTTBITISBEP.
NEW 6-r. flat: oak folding-bed, dresser, chif-
fonier, extension table, chairs, rockers, car-
pets, ruga, steel range, curtains, beddlnjf.
dishes; complete, $325.' 749 Seventh ave.
6 NEWLY furnished rooms; all front: five
rented; $180 If sold at once. 803 Howard st.
FURMITUKE WANTED.
"WE'LL GET YOUR BUSINESS"— We pay
the most money for furniture, carpets, offlc*
fittings, merchandise and houses. MARK J
LEVY AUCTION CO., 1321 Market St.. be-
tween 9th and 10th. Phone South 179.
_ ________
Salesroom, 1135 Market st. Tel. Jessie 761.
Don't sell your furniture, carpet's, office fur-
niture, etc.. until you get his estimate.
WILL pay 20 per cent more for furniture than
dealers or will sell on commission. L. H.
BURP, auc. 1636 Market; phone Jessie 233a
CALL on Alfred Wollpert. 773 Mission St.. be-
fore selling your furniture. Phone Red 44*2.
£ rxTBirmT-tE fob sale. .
ALMOST given away; storage pianos, furnl-
tur*. dirt cheap to pay storage. 'Whitehead's
Storage: open evenings. 1636 Market st
CARPETS.- furniture, piano and odd pieces;
going Southern California; take your choice.
227 San Jose ave. Phona Church 5512.
BREAKING up: mahogany, blrdseye maple and
weathered oak pieces cheap. 1006 Haight st.
HENRY MAYER pays highest prices for fur-
niture, carpets, etc. 7S2 Mission: tel. Bush 813
HELP WAKTED- PEMA1E.
THE^lo7L\Y7?nmfRlfl^
Adv. Co., 612-61.1 Grant bldg., cor. 7th ard
Market; South 1C4.
Saleslady, general dry goods store. $.S week.'
2 waitresses, private, city place. $20.
Girl general housework and cooking, $2S.
Girl general housework, sleep home, $23.
Girl general housework, no wash, $20.
Girl General housework, cook for 2, $20.
Girl assist housework. easy place. "
10 other housework girls; call early.
13 waitresses for Jan. 15, south, fare adv.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS ON OVER-
ALLS, JUMPER? AND COATS; NO EX-
PERIENCE NECESSARY; STEADY WORK;
GOOD PAY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 32y t
FREMONT ST. M « DAVIS.
IN OAKLAND. COR. 10TH AND CLAY STS..
SEWING MACHfVBT OPERATORS ON
'OVERALLS; NO «--VERIENCE NECES-
SARY: STEADY WORK; GOOD PAY.
LEVI STRAUSS &, CO.
WANTED — Cloak ralesladiei; apply 9-1* a m
G. G. C. & S. House. 1230 - Market st. '
COOK for students. Palo Alto. *'!5: 2 cooks
German st>lc. 93$, i">f>\ - second ir.rls. $-\,"
parlor maid. *-.".; nurssslrls. *.:i.>. %1T>. cham-
bermaid an,t mendins. ■ $"J0; assistant f ,. r
clubhouse. $20; waitresses, country hjte:
short distance. $— oO- chambermaid ar.d
waiting, country: cock for Oakland. £:o ;
nurs«glrl. $15: housework. Alameda. »£"■
nurse for home. $-0; h°ad waitress. $;;(>; jg
general housework girls, city and country
$20. $23. $:o. Apply vj J. f. CROSETT &
CO.. 33^ Gutter st.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn hairdressing.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks- tuition $3 to those entering now;
3 positions to nil immediately; position-.
guaranteed at *1<> week up: only re-.-ognUel
school of its kind on coast; 'lay and even
Ing clas.-es. 233 Geary st.. room l:;.
WANTED — Girls to If am millinery now f.-. 7
spring season: both seasons t;»u<ht frr-m starr
no finish in one month for *0; positions a«
trimmers, salesladies, makers, guarantee.) at
$10 per week up: 7 positions to be filled hv
first <ft year. Parlors 14;; Stockton st.. r. IX
A — PACIFIC College teaches halrdre?s!rg.
manicuring electric massage, etc.; six hourV
practice a day; guarantees positions: cnlr
recognized college of its kind on coast: day
and evening classes: a»I parlor work at re-
duced rrlces. 133 Powell st.
EXPERIENCED saleslady wanted In hn^ PrT .
veilings and handkerchiefs. JOE ROSE.V-
BERG. S16 Market st.
LADIES wanted to learn barber trade; only
eigh» weeks required: wages earned wh:;i
learning. MOLER BARBER COLLEGE,
649 Sacramento «t.
WANTED — Chocolate fpper: $10 to $12 p«
week. Apply KELLER CANDY CO.. Oak-
land, office 477 Seventh st.
LADIES fcr steady home employment: $S and
$12 weekly. Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket st. . room 618.
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address tn the
United States or Canada cne year for $1.
HELP \7AITTEP — MALE.
POSITIONS GUARANTEED
To hish-grade men who tan furnish trvlisput-
able Testimony of ability and integrity. \V 9
will Investigate your references free of charge.
Our commission ls payable only when we have
succeeded In securing you a suitable position.
We conduct a fair and strictly l*gittmat»
business thereby meriting the entire confi-
dence of the business world. COMMERCIAL
CLEARANCE CO., 415 Starr King building.
121 Geary st.
THE NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD CO.
Porter, packer, shipper, knowledge of sta-
tionery: $50.
Al watchmaker: good pay.
Bookkeeper; speak and write German: good
pay.
Al glove salesman.
51 Third st. Suite 9-10.
AMERICAN COMMERCIAL BUREAU.
Conducted on Strictly Business Principles.
Positions secured fcr
Office men. Bookkeeper*.
Stenographers. Collector*.
Traveling salesmen. -.^countants.
Office managers. Railroad clerks.
Law office clerks, Hote! clerks.
General office men In all Mnes of business.
302 Starr King bldg.. 121 Geary st.
~~ AT HORD & SMITH'S.
Contractors' Agents. 95 Third »t.
Man for camp corral, hay shore. $35 found.
Choreman. take care 3 cows and 1 ho:se,
also deliver milk. $13 and found, city.
Solicitor, tea and coffee, city, good induce-
ments.
Man for dye house, $13 to $20, experience 1.
TYPEWRITER for country office, $40 ar 1
found; 2 drillers, $3 day; man about place.
$25 and found: poultry man and wifa. $."0
and found; butler. $40 and found: solicitors;
man to raise alfalfa on shai_3; baker, coun-
try. $10 to $12 week and found, and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., C2S Sacramento st.
MAN under 35 from San Francisco or vietnity
to prepare fcr coming Railway Mail Clerk
examination: many good appointments: ex-
ceptional opening. W. L. COFFEY. Mgr. 9.
F. Agency Interstate Schools. 4C5 Parrott bff.
BARBERS, take notice — Monday. Dec. 26. arvt
Jan. 2 being legal holidays, all barber shops
will close at noon. By orderxjf the union.
JOSEPH R. BLEILY, Secretary.
EXPERIENCED salesman wanted in ribbons.
veiling* »nd hosiery. JOE ROSENBERG. 813
Market st.
SALESMEN wanted for men's clothing depart-
ment. Apply S. N. WOOD & CO.. 740 Mar-
ket st.
WANTED — Night engineer familiar with elec-
tric generator and eteam power. Apply
Alaska Codfish Co.. 17 Davis st.
WANTED at once — 4 mor» good carpenters tf »
Join carpenters and building. Call at 2413
Haste st.. Berkeley, Saturday and Sunday.
WANTED — One or two men to learn a trade;
must have J1O for security; no Sunday work.
Call 212 First st.
FURNISHED barber shop to let at Twenty-
fouth and Alabama sts.; idle on account of
sickness.
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday; good
wages. 704 Brannan st.
WANTED — A gcod barber for Saturday and
Sunday. 504% Broadway.
WANTED — Dishwasher. 515 Valencia st.
MAN with $.100. barber shop: experience not
necessary. Box 3968. Call office^
BARBER shop for sale; reasonable price. In-
quire 461 Seventh St., Oakland.
TWO-chalr barber shop in good location;
Fourth and Minna. Inquire Deckelman Bros.
MEN — The only original Moler Barber Coller»
teaches barber trade in S weeks; waje*
earned while learning.
New quarters and new appliances.
Call or write for illustrated catalogue.
Moler Barber College. 619 Sacramento it
Lately moved from Clay st.
PLEASANT faced, fine appearing registered
physician and surgeon: must be quite gray.
But active; positively no other; no traveling;
salary $200 or more when well started. Call
at 25 Third st.
SALESMAN for rfcw and second-hand furni-
ture store: one well posted on goods a^4
prices; only experienced ones need apply.
4C8 Eleventh St.. Oakland.
WANTED — Educated gentleman to visit small
towns to write short articles for Eastern
magazine: $1CCO per year; local refs. r»-
qulred. Box 4C0O. Call. '
WANTED— Men to prepare for railway mail.
Internal revenue and custom-house- positions;
free 'catalogue. Pacific Correspondence Insti-
tute. Grant bldg.. 1095 Market; open evgs.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rotkln. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver Hous«.
217 Third st. ; 25O rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
GET your nhoes half-solei while waltin*; 25a
to 60c. 571 Mission *t.. bet. 1st and 2d sts..
or 11 Third st.. Examiner buildlnr.
W£ '"TED— Men to fill 350 rooms at 20c per
night: clothes closets, hair mattresses*, elec-
tric light in -every room. 6S1 Howard, nr. 3d.
WANTED — Young man to work for his tuition
in S. F. Barber SchooK 741 Howard st.
PANTSMAKF.R for the country. Apply REI33
BROS. & TO.. 24 Sutter st.
BOYS wnnted to deliver Christmas packages.
Apply CO" Market st.
BARBERS— Good barber shop. 2 chairs, ff
sale. Call at once. 1547 Mission st.
BARBER shop for sale; 2 chairs: ffcod location
business part: $100. Apply Cail effloe.
GILLETTS school ls the place to learn th»
tarber trade. «ll Commercial it.
SAILORS frr <lo«p water ships at HERMAN" 3.
2t> and 27 Steuart st.
BARBER track! taasrht absolutely free"."
HAIGMTS. 751 Mission st. See him.
WANTED — TV. second-h.-ind Ice plant. Immedl-
ately. Box lfiOS. 1008 Market st.
MEN to learn the detective business: paM
while learning. 997 Market ft., rocm 104.
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
thips. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson st. >
MEN wanted at 137 .Id st.. where shoes are f-
• paired by machinery: sewej3 soles 10 mln.. ?3c.
LABOR debts collected: suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 323 Montgy.. r. 413.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Pullls. rT-IO. Phelan bid.
Past Com. Geo. II. Thomas Post. G. A. R-
TRY our men's shoes, union made: $1 and $1 30
pair; foot-form shoes. $2 ".<v we pay expresa
charges. 11 Sd St.. Exam. bid. : open till 9 p.™.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket — 7C0 rooms; S5c nisht: reading rooms:
free 'bus and bag-gaga to and frcrn ferry.
A BR A NCH~o7a7»~c f ~The~"ca!f for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Marlcet St.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received «t
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church.
AI*L sizes men's shoes »light!y damaged, halt
price. 571 Mission st, bet 1st and 2d sts._ < _ <^ . •.....■■■:.• •<.-. . % . - ; . " ~~ ~~~ — »
HELP VTAlirirnj> — MALE — Continued.
ItUOBAT & HEADY. GCJ-er.c CUy st.
Phone Jitin r.*4*.
THIS RIOHT '»r MAN" Tu LIVE; THE
RIGHT OF MAN TO WORK.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
"> «av« tn 1903 1S04 we hope to
. .60,000 taea work. Increase 60, 000.
* MINERS.
■ t machine miners god mine $90.
PORTER.
- -'• fanrsafcers, city job $2 50 to $1 day.
COOK AND WIFE.
<"ook and wife as first and second, country
rtttauraEt $M> and fcund.
. Milker and wife. Portuguese. Alameda Coua.
ty. $40 and rour.d. • -
FARMS AND DAIRIES.
10 farm haeds. ranch teamsters. 8 milkers,,
■ choremen and chcrebove city and country.
HOTEi, DEPARTMENT.
r Cocks, waiters and kitchen hands, bellboys
a and elevator boys.
Marker «r.d distributor, country laundry, $60.
■ Dyr «nd cleaner, country job.
4 «tab;rmea.
BOOKKEEPER. COCXTRT STORE.
* Bookkeeper, country grocery store. SO |r> 40
years, good references required. $75. •
bookki:efer.
Bookkeeper and tiencsrapber. ranch, south.
SPECIALS.
COLD QUARTZ MINE.
' • hand miners, v ■ -■-.*. mine. $75. hotel
* <»RKQON. COAL MIXERS. OREGON.
10 coal miners for a good mine by contracts;
h\f money c*n t>e mad* on this Job.
Fare Re'und^d. Faro Refunded.
STABLEMAN.
For a cosr.pe.ny stable, city, steady Job. $60.
TEAMSTERS. \
5 teamrters. ecrar*-r work, city Job. $2 25 day. I
BE.\<3 HAND. •
Bench hsr.d. country planing mill. $3 50 day.
Blacksmith and wo<.-dworker, country shop, $3 j
day. I
Man to run restaurant, good opening.
Voar.g man for coal yard, city, steady, $15
wetk.
Clothe* rret?*r. city Job. $15 w»ek,
MAN AND WIFE. MINE CO.
Man ani wife, mir.e cocipany, wife cook, man
to work In mine. t*'Zt aril found.
. Rock foreman, hr sidle rcwder and get out
ny.-k. open cut work, sfe boes here, $1»1» & fd.
r"i!'.:sh:r.g &T;d sloi-e foreman, country grading
job. *p* bos* hesr, $ 10ft and found.
MURRAY & READY. £54-036 Clay st
A CHANCE FOR ALL.
TO
CARTOON THE WALKING LABOR DELE-
GATE.
P.EMEMBHR HE HAS A
HOGGISH. CUNNING, BLOATED FACE.
>MALL. FVIL EYES, NO LIFE IN THEM.
THEY ARE LIKE A PAIR OF FRIED
K<^OS. HE HAS A VERY LOW FORE-
HEAD VERY SHORT. THICK NECK. BIG
• 'ICJAR. HALF-SMOKED. IN HIS MOUTH.
HE WEARS THE LATEST SPORTY
• 'LOTHES. VERY SMALL DERBY HAT.
BLtGHTLY HANGING OVER FACE. LARGE
ILL-OOTTKX DIAMONDS IN SCARF.
HEAVY WATCH CHAIN WITH DIAMONDS.
tTFF Bt*TTONP. PET WITH LARGE DIA-
MONDS. HE HAS AN IGNORANT SWAG-
GLR IN HIS WALK. HE IS A CONTINUAL
VISITOR TO RACE TRACKS. GAMBLING
• HOl'fES. LOW SALOONS. HE HAS AN
EXTRA LARGE BI/1ATED BELLY. HE IS
A GRAFTER WITH MURDEROUS IN-
STINCTS. A BALLOT BOX STUFFER AND
" A DESTROYER OF HOMES.
EVERYBODY
BET TO WORK IMMEDIATELY AND DRAW
■A CARTOON ANT) SEND IT TO US. DO
YOUR BEST. YOU CAN'T DO MORE. THE
V'N'F, ACCEPTED WILL BE PAID FOR AND
tt\ ILL BE PUBLISHED IN 300.000 COPIES
OF THE •MESSAGE.-' ON FIRST T5F JAN-
l'ART 1J*,5 IT WILL BE PENT TO THE
STATE LEGISLATURE ANT> CONTINUALLY
• riSTRIBlTED AMONGST THE LAW-MAK-
H5iS DURING THE SIXTY OR MORE DAYS
THEY WILL BE IN SESSION. WE WILL
BEND 23.OU0 COPIES OF THE PAPER.
RFARING THIS CARTOON. TO EVERY
KEWSPAPER. PERIODICAL. ETC.. IN THE
UNITED STATES, CANADA, MEXICO, ETC.
MURRAY & READT.
634 and «36 Clay Street.
S0UCIT0BS.
■ ■.i.VTLi Lum or gMtlanvn f wottctt. Call
Bt room ;>0. Winchester HoteL
J^OSSES^ AHD WAOOlfS. _
r"lRE eaie — Vehicles of all descriptions slightly
damaged by fire, smoke and trater, to be sold
at a sacri5ce during next 5 days at O'BRIEN'
& SONS". 500 Golden Gate ave.
TEAM of thoroughbred, black. 1200-pcuad Dud-
ley horses fcr sale; good driven; city broke;
suitable for doctor. 456 East Seventeenth
vt.. Oakland. j
TWO carloads broke horses, weighing from
1000 to 1600 pounds, at Western Horse Mar-
ket. E. STEWART & CO., 220 Valencia Et
THE Quarterly bulletin cf S. F. Veterinary Ccl-
lege now ready; mailed free upon application
• to DR " E- J " CIU:E:L ' Y - Pres •• 610 Golden Gate.
!UGGT rcbe* *or Christmas at 20 per cent dis-
ccunt: 4 days only. 517 Market st
OR sale — 10 secend-han express wagons, one
•Ingle truek. 233 Be&le at.
t'CTION sale of horses, wapcrss and harness
every Wedneslay at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth st
i-iIEAPEST ar.d ben in America— The Week'y
Call. 16 pages, ser.t to any address in the
United Staus or Canada cne year for $1.
TOJC.ET.
A— PRINTED list of houee* to let : «enV for dr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery
' .
UNFURNISHED cr partly furnished home;
Presidio Heights; 6 rocnis and bath. Bex
• TS7. Call office.
*=l*NNT 11-rocm house; marine view; yard.
. 1316 Gr«*n st.; $00; water free.
HOUEE. 6 rooms and bath. In<;u!r» 12*
Eddy st.
HOTBX*^
HOTEL BALTIMORE. 1015 Van New aveT^
This Cm-class hotel, new being conducted on
American plan, especially for families for the
teasoa or year. Location Is unsurp&Fsed. The
• eQUlpinects tr« ail modern. w:th every con-
venience. Th<" rooms are large, sunny and
crtnJcrtable; saperb view: furnishings are all
• »!er«nt. Cuisine highest order. H. C SHAN.
" NON. traaager formerly of Hotel Lacirhara.
New Yrrfc. end Moar.a Hotel. Honolulu.
LHttTAIiIilajaai: SUTLOITTQ.
BnLWNcT CONSTRUCTION COMPANr.
Installment homes. 512 CaJlaghan building,
will build on your property or buy you a lot;
■»*>» month pay* principal and Interest en
«»eh $1000 of balance due, making your In-
rtal!rrw*T:t* l«is than rent; send for circular.
EOST A&TP rOTJSTP.
LOST — On Kpv route, Dec. 22, lady's hard
balcbel ctmiaLning P*ir of spectacle*, gent's
told watch and tn-.all amount cf money; the
. Under will be suitably rewarded by leaving
ksxne at room SHI, eighth floor. Mills build-
tng. g. F. ■ '
IjOPT— Sunday afternoon. Dec. 11, at beach. «
rcuth cf Park, black Scotch collie bitch. I
fiuitable reward tf rcturced to 1326 Forty- I
nicth ave.. Boulevard station, cr for infer- I
r .- 1: r. cf whereabouts. j
LOST — A pa* Kb^cV with the Hibemia Savings
■nd Lean f-'o«-:rty of Kan FrancUco tn the
name cf TKCLA T. TtTCKER. «ruardlan of
Auguslac Temjle. a minor. No. UM-7C3.
Th» finder v.-;;i ; ■%-, return to bask.
LOST — Geld b*ad n«v-k!aee. on Taylor or Jones
«*.: suitabU regard win be offered. Apply
at 1206 Market st-. GaJt House, at the office.
LOST — A parsbook »!th Hibemia Saving* end
. Loan Pociety et San Francisco tn the name
ot SOfTZVH OLIVA. No. t»4-716; the finder
»-',:i please rptum to bank.
in.ST— Ledy'e black leather handbag watch
with initials F. B. W. and glasses and coin- |
liberal reward for watch. Return to room •
CS3. Crocker building. •
•LOFT— Lady's gold match, west side of Sixth I
rt.. Thursday, bet 4:3O and 5;#) p. ra , from !
830 Sixth fct. to Market; initial* engraved i
E. L. 6. Liberal reward, 4320 Twentieth st. t
LOST— A pass book with the Hlbcrnia Sav- i
. ing* end L<**n Society of San Francisco m I
in* name of Thcr-.as McCarthy. No. 233-14C2. j
. ■ The Cr.der will plrase return to bank. ;
lyuBT — On Hyde et.. suit case with paoeiT
• Rrturn to printed address on papers; (5 re-
ward.
tOfcT— Tuesday, amethyst from mtn'i fob:
Hboral reward for return to 400 Kearny st.
XaAUTT CHE8 TO B HIRE.
'■'. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
for pleasure and burlnes*; tel. Bueh 534.
SXATTBrSSES A3t7> PILLOWS.
TO order: renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process): excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard st; pnone South 216.
BECPICAZ* (
LADIES trho are in trouble or suffering from 1
any ailment iwulisr to their sex can find
immediate relief by consulting Dr. White,
the only graduate physician in San Francisco
who has devoted a lifetime to helping women;
17 years' experience without a failure has
put him at the head. He guarantees relief or
r.o pay.
£>R. WHITE. 702 Market st.. rooms 7 and 8.
DR. C W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
in ti ruble consult this specialist on female
roraj;.!«:nte:-postively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; tfce most difficult cases treated; (
every cafe taken: immediate relief; no poi-
sonlrg drugs: low fees: my icethods will cure
all casef. of tir«*eularity: by consulting roe
save time and money; "advice free. Office,
101S Market tt. ■
LA PIES — Possibly I'm not the cheapest nor yet
the oldest specialist here, but I AM a RE-
LIABLE graduate physician. When in trou-
ble confide in me. Irregularities relieved;
thji unfortunate helped; I promise best atten-
tion and no danger: I guarantee prompt re-
mits or no charge. Room 1. Est. 14 years.
DR. E. G. WEST, office 305 Kearny St.
DR.". GOODWIN has returned from Europe;
ertab. 1S$4 In S. F.; 26 years' experience:
female coir.p!ainis only; Drs. Goodwin is well
known to mjoy the implicit confidence of la- I
He* suffering from irregularities or other
conditions; relief assured or no charge; avoid i
delay; fe* low; hours 2 to 4 and 6:30 to 8:30
p. m. S50 Market et.. second floor, room 37. J
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable n>ecialiet for all fe- ]
male troubles and irregularities; instant r*- i
lief guarant<»*d. 10081$ Market Bt.. opp. 5th. j
MRS. DR WTETH. specialist for all female '
complaints and lrregularitl**: Instant relief •
cuaracteed; 30 years' experience. 944 Post st I
MR?. DR. ALLEN, ladies' epeclallst removed
I from 1118 Market to S3S Mission St.. near
; Fourth; home in confinement; 25 years' expe-
' i( ' Dee - be * t medical attention: low fees.
. LADIES suffering from irregularities, sick, or
! tn trouble. cor.EUlt Dr. Sylvester. 219 Kearny:
relief guaranteed : waste no time with drues.
TALBOT BARNARD. Australian Nerve Spe-
cialist has arrived; limited number patients I
home; consultation free. 3221 21st st
MME. HATS female cones; guaranteed: sure
remedy; f2. Smart Set Mfg. Co.. 519 Mission.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
LADIES — Kumround; safe, sure, never fails;
$2. Gleaeon-Ruggles Drug Co.. Kearny & Clay.
DR. ROSEN residence 2933 Folsom st. corner
2Cth: ladles, relief or no fee: <10.
. aUSCELLAUEOTJT: — POB SALE.
AN easy way to give Christmas presents with- !
out straining your purse: Select anything
from our large stock of diamonds, watches.
Jewelry, cut-glass eilverxare, gold and silver
umbrellas, etc.; deliver you the goods on flrtt
payrsect; the balance in small installments; j
no charge for engraving: call In and exam- j
ine our good*. UNITED LOAN AND TRUST
CO.. 21 Stockton st., near Market. Phone
Buah 484.
DOES TOUR ROOF" LEAK?
Have you a leaky tin. shingle, felt or iron
roof? Cover it with Mastic Roofing. It is best
for old and new roofs, and fcr valleys, gutters.
decks, balconies, etc. Mastic Roof Paint and
Roofing Cement will stop small leaks. Write
us about it Elaterite Roofing Co.. 713 Market
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; eee Sunday papers.
H. 6. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH A WOLPMAN. 195-187 Fremont st
A 6-MONTHS-OLD Japanese silk terrier, white
and black colored, for sale or exchange for
Winchester shotgun. W. SHAEFER. 517
Howard tt.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st
2 VERT Cne Xmas trees. 15 feet high, for sale.
Call st the W. O. hardware store. 25S3 Mar-
ket st. rear Sixteenth.
REPUTABLE place to rent gents' full dress.
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits. J. COOPER '
21 Stockton et (formerly at Palace Hotel.) j
TRY our men's shoes at Jl »nd Jl 50 pair; !
foot-form shoes at f2 50; we pay express
charres. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
ALL kinds of talking machine* and records at
factory prices. LEVY'S. 415 Kearny; ex-
ttinjM wde. ■ - ;-■
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'S. 137 Mont-
gomery Ft., rocm 12, upstairs.
FINE Xmas gift— Pure white homer pigeons:
also runts atid fancy pigeons. Call 1C23
Union st., Oakland.
AN elegant sealskin, good as new, only $70.
UNITED LOAN AND TRUST CO.. 21 Stock-
ton nt., second floor.
FOR sale — A Sne duck dog. FRED CUSCHE
Ocean View.
WILL sell beautiful great Dane female, seven
months old; $10. 10 Alice st.
FOR *al» — 2 diamond rings, gold bracelets,
pearl operajtlafses. 25 John st.
HANDSOME, long. Isabella fox stole; cost $35;
accept $12. Call 1006 Haight St.
A GENTLE milch cow. cheap. 826 Pacific ave..
Alameda.
TWO old -master violins, cheap. Call or ad-
dress 12 Grove st
TOWEY'S furniture potl?h removes spots and
Etains; free delivery. 370 Fell st.
SAFES ar.d cash registers; new and second-
hand. I FREEMAN. 1325 Market st >
2D-HAND bldg. material; lumber, door. sash.
plumb, material. The Dolan Co.. 1607 Market.
DESKS bougtt. sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. S07 Mission st; tel. South 811./
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Buliard & Breck. 131 Post st
SAFES — New and second-hand; THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. S07 Battery st
GASOI INE engines, automobiles and launches-
all rites. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st
ROOMS papered, $4 up; tinting, painting.
Hartmar.n Paint Co.. 319 Third: teL Main 413.
aUSCELLAITXOTTS WAKTS.
AAAAAA— BUYS any amount good second-hand
clothing: opedal price for fancy ladies' and
men's clothes. »22 Folsom; tel. Folsom 3522.
AAAAA — Highest prices for ladles', gents* cast-
off clothing. Tel. Davis 825. «50 Sacramento st
INVENTORS desirous of selling or borrowing
money on their patents, call at United Loan
and Trust Co.. 21 Stockton st. 2d floor; phone
Bu£h 4S4.
SMITH Premier typewriter; late model; good
condition; cheap. D. S. O'BRIEN. 435 Cross-
ley bldg.
DIAMONDS and precious stones bought for
cash. KARL EBER & CO.. r. 405. Adams
bldg.. 206 Kearny st; phone Black 3036.
„ HOaXTTO LOAN.
AAAAA— A CONFIDENTIAL and~~repu*tabi«
place to borrow money on the following:
Salaries. '
I Life insurance policies.
I Chattel mortgages.
Undivided interests.
Goods in bond. */J-'
I Ifsacles.
j £ecopd and third mortgages.
I Eijr.es I:; probate.
Life estates.
Rents.
g£*cla: department fcr leans to ladles eo
their notes. ■
Private offices for ladies and gentlemen.
UNITED LOAN AND TRUST CO..
21 Etockton st. near Market
2d floor. Phone Bush 464.
AAAA— THE Portland Jewelry Co. will make
vou very liberal loans on your diamonds, i
sealskin or any valuables at the low rate of
two (2) per cent per month; If you do not
wish *o call, phoce us (phone Bush 4S4) and
the manager of our loan department will call
en you: all business strictly confidential.
25 STOCKTON ST.. NEAR MARKET.
! Private cf flees at 21 Stockton st, 2d floor.
; N. B.— The only loan office west of New
York that has a fire and burglar proof vault
j on the premises; free u»e of same to all cus-
j tomers. -
i —MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (Inc.)—
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN..... '
1 .... INTEREST 5>,i AND 6 PER CENT..
CITT. OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRY
[ I PROPERTY
'• Second mortgages, life insurance policies, eil
I tates in probate, undivided interests In prop-
erty, probate realty loans, stocks and bonds,
legacies and undivided interests in property
I«i rcha*ed.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
Suite 1U7-10S Crocker bldg^; phone Main 5924.
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without .
lty or indorsement knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake, 453 Parrott bldg.
MONEY to loan at low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and'precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. . 10 Sixth st
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commiaFion; n-) publicity; $25 up; quick,
private, confidential. 26 Montgomery, rm. 21;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. DECEMBER* 23. l'KU.
..For Your Christmas Dinner,.
. *
Free to Smcril Ad Patrons of
* -^— YOUR CHOICE OF
Armour Packing Co. 's Helmet Brand
A A A sfism sfsBB^BBBBi? *V j^ J&^Sr fflly E\ \1 'Mk^ Mk A A
Armour Packing Co.'s Helmet Brand
CONDENSED MINCEMEAT
Small Ad Premium the Gall offers its patrons this week is particularly seasonable.
» No Christmas dinner is nearly complete without a Plum Pudding or a Mince Pie.
A Small Ad placed with the Call for next Sunday will provide your home liberally
with either one 'of these complements to a Christmas repast. The fame of the Armour
Packing Co/s brands is universally known. Only the finest materials money can buy
are employed in making their products. ~
Free to Any Person Presenting a Small Ad....
THURSDAY* FRIDAY or SATURDAY
_ FOR. :
CALL BUSINESS OFFICE II OAKLAND OFFICE
Third and Market Streets .' || 1016 Broadway
BOTOTjrq X,O AJT^-^Contlnyjl^^^
AAA— HERMAN MURPHT.
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Eave expenses by dealing diiectly.
Estate, second mortgages. . undivided inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased. ;
Courteous treatment Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money,
Be. HERMAN MURPHY.
' WILL LOAN " " " "
A reasonable amount on
' Mortgage' on real estate.
In city, town or country:
Low rate of interest. . .
Give full particulars
of property.
Location, etc
. Box 223. Call of nee.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
t>er cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Etore.
OTS Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch 1102
Market and 27 Third. .
A — ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates: no
- removal- no publicity; also on real estate:
1st or 2d mortgage* or on any security: any
amount O. W. BECKER, 86 Geary, room 3t>.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chatats, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security: easy payments; large business In 46
principal cities. TOLMAN. 553 Parrott bldg.
ANT amount quickly on furniture «or piano
without removal; other security; fairest
rates: strictly confidential: no commit. Na-
tional Credit Co.. 506 Donohoe bid.. 8 Taylor
PRIVATE — Money loaned on ' salaries without
security; .diamonds or chattels; no fee; no
com.: cut rate. Cal. Loan Co., $23 Parrott bid.
ANT amount on country property. L. A.
SPENCER. 472 Tenth St. Oakland.
TO salaried people without security. The White
Co.. 420 California st. rooms 14 and ■ 15.
PRIVATE party will loan money on salaries
without security. Room 75, 016 Market st *
SALARIED people on note. S. F. DISCQUNT
AGENCT, 125-127 Phelan bldg. Private.
MONET loaned on diamonds, watches, jewelry;
confd. Diamond Parlor Jewelry Co., 722 Mkt
DON'T 'borrow money on salary until you- se«
us. Hutton Credit CO.. 912 Mutual Bank bldg.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311. Mutual Sav. Bk.* bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds & Jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral • Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
S% ON furniture 4c pianos; (IS up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN, room 81. 6 Eddy st
CASH, loaned salaried people on notes without
indorse r. MORRELL. 600 Examiner building.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages^in wrapper, tor mailing, $1 per. year.
MO1TEY WASTED. — —
WANTED — Party -who can 'invest S10, 000 or
$15;<»» in manufacturing poultry and - stock
food business, which is now Earning 1 1500
per . month, and . with additional capital ■ will
clear 125.000 this coming year. 'Address* box
, 3&0. Call office, ?
MTTSICAX nrSTKUlECHTB. <
a bunctTof bargains.
1 Haake $38: 1 Decker. $4S; 1 Stoddard, $110;
1 Fischer, $125. -
ALSO
1 Sterling. 1 Steinway, 1 Curtai, 1 Vose, 1
I Weber 1 Haines, and many others. Easy pay-
ments. BENJ. CURTAZ &. SON, 16 O'Far-
rell st ..-■■..
A GREAT opportunity— We are closing out
our entire Seattle stock in S. F. at price* j
never . heard of before; all makes; your
terms are our terms; rents $2 up; allowed if
purchased. HEINE PIANO CO., 235-237
Geary 'St.. S. F.; Oakland, 1252 Broadway.
PARTY* must sell large Steinway upright: cost
$700; price $285; will accept payments; no 1
reasonable cash offer -refused. 237 Geary st.
BEAUTIFUL new upright pianos for rent $3
per month; one year's rental allowed if pur-
chased. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 660 Hayes st.
$60 UPRIGHT; one $30 upright; one good
square, $20. HORNUNG, 216 McAllister st
OPEN evenings until Christmas. Byron Mauzy
'Piano Warerooms, '308*312 Post st
NEW pianos; less than $100: warranted; open
eves. -Whltehead Storage. 1G36 Market st. -
A SMALL • Eteinway upright; cost $500: $185
takes it. 237 Geary st. .
FISCHER upright; cost $S50; will Bell for $96
237 Geary st -
ELEGANT ' uprights.new & 2d-hand,$45 to $500.
Pierce's Piano Factory. Market and 14th ats.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecelian piano
Player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ .& CO.. 16 . McAllister st.
8-PEDAL Steinway up; Chickering baby grand*;
Shonlnger, little used. Keeffe's, 2S5 O'Farrell.
OFnCES AXD STOBES TO LET.
SOON vacated, established location, suitable
dentist; rent very , cheap. WHIGHAM. 83.1
Market st " -
PERSONALS.
MEN suffering with ~ rheumatism, insomnia,
. . nervousness or " poor , circulation seeking
health, will find it to their advantage to sea
me before going ■ anywhere else. I give sci-
entific body massage, . electricity or vibration'
at my.; office; • terms reasonable. PROF.
HAMMERSTEIN. : 1710 Sutter st, RJF.
AA— WHY- look oldi- ■ '
Fifteen day rate will now be given by MME.
*. GILLINGHAM: a lady 72 years of age with
wrinkles and pufflness removed from one s!d»
of the face can be seen daily; write for book-
let . 143 Stockton st;.cor. Geary.
"REXRADIO" HAS SUCCESSFULLY TREAT~-
ED . "THOUSANDS" OF • HOPELESS SUF-
FERKRS ; from various > (alleged) INCUR-
ABLE diseases. May he not also cure YOU?
Oftic* hours 2 to, 7 — 1. Fourth st' (cor. Mar-
■ kaO.- - ... .'.■.•.•..-.■-:■* : vy '" " - ;
EPECIAL BETWEEN SEASON LOW RATES
this week for facial beautifying; a face with-
out a wrinkle . with ' the contour and ' fresh
color, of _* youth * may; b« ; had * through • ■ my
: scientific : treatment; - consultation . and book-
, let free. M. KI-LA' HARRIS, : 128 Geary st ,
PEBSOWAU — Contlnned.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth, stops falling, cures dandruSC
and Itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers" ;ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 1338 Polk
ANY information of the whereabouts of WIL-
LIE or FRANK LUND, formerly of Chicago,
will be thankfully received by his brother
EMIL LUND, box 2209. Call.
OXYGEN massage cures weakness and nenrous
troubles. Office, 320 Starr King bldg.. 121
Geary st MRS. HOLSHOUSER, magnetic
specialist; ladies^and gentlemen.
NOTICE — Any one desiring to become master
of their own destiny and become an initiate
in the Cabala, for information. The Philo-
sophical Pub. Co.. 1429 Market st.
HAIR growers. Are you using the right one?
Best recipes and treatment for each kind of
baldness. All 25c. Box 14, Sheepraach. Cal.
AUBREY FITCH: Write me; my present ad-
dress Salt Lake City; Important news from
London. WALTER.
LADIES — Complete manicure, outfit; 3 pieces;*
25c, silver or stamps. Smart Set Mfg. Co.,
619 Mission st
FANCY and silk dresses carefully washed.
'JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRY, estah.
1899. 2122 Fillmore st; phone Geary 2053.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor.- 721 Market st .--:,"
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post st, near PowelL
MRS. J. F. MacAVOT— Please call at 2500
Green at. and hear from friends at Nome.
FACE massage and electric treatments, newly
opened parlors. 104 Kearny st, 2d floor, r. 2.
FACIAL 'massage and manicuring parlors. 203
Powell st, parlor 1. -
MRS. DR. GWYER, 811A Leavenworth et. be-
tween Geary and O'Farrell. -.Tel. East 697.
FACE massage. Address N.. 217 Post at,
" rooms 17-18. ' . \
SUITS to order on installments of $1 per week.
■ NEUHAU3 CO.. the tailors. 729 Market st.
EASY Installments for Men and Youths. Suits
. '- to order. Co-operative . Tailoring. 1117 i Mkt
$1 a week; suits to order $13 up. LEMOS, 1127 ■
. Market St.: between Seventh and Eighth.
ONE dollar weekly keeps you in fine clothing.
Art .Tailoring. 1644 Mkt. under St Nicholas.
Superfluous hair removed :' electric needles Mra.
Eaton.' 369 Sutter. Miss Eaton, 233 Geary, r.38.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants, $2 50/
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupon t
MASQUERADE -costumes, play ■ befeks. wigs;!
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt
ALFREDUM'8 Egyptian ■ Henna - restores gray ;
. hair to its natural color.'- $1 at all druggists*. ;
FUBCXASU7O AGZUVCXES.
CLARA E.-JEWETT. purchasing agent; coun. ■
try orders a specialty; correspondence solicit-
ed. 805 Larkia st. room 49; tel. South 319.,
«EAI. ESTATE — CTTT — 3POB SAM.
W. J. GUNN.
530 CALIFORNIA ST.
(Savings Union BuUdirg.)
Only $085 — Very cheaD and under It3 actual
value; the last one; the others all sold:
easiest kind of terms; $luu down; install-
ments monthly or . quarterly; graded:
street graded, macadamized and sewered:
ready for building; 2 flats can be built
on this low-priced lot; well located; east
line of 11th ave.. 250 feet south from
Point Lobes are.; size 25x120; convenient
to 2 lines electric cars, the Sutter st and
' Mh ave., transferring to all parts of the
city. Begin the new year by purchasing,
this let; both installments of the taxes
paid up to next year and certificate o*
title insurance company goes with the lot.
$£500 for bottj — 11th ave.. bet Point Lobos
ave. and Clement; 2 lots, 25x120; good
location for flats.
$1700 each — 2 choice lots on th» sunny side
Union st.,'" 27:6x110; ready for building:
fine residence to go. up on adjoining lot:
we want to sell these lots aod ask for
aa offer; will sell on easy monthly pay-
ments. W. J. GUNN.
5^0 California st
EXTRA LARGE LOTS. ~
LOWEST PRIC*E3 IN THE CITY
If you want a good large lot at a moderate
price look at these we are offering in the
Jordan tract near California st. and 1st ave.
Prices $1650, $1700. $1SOO and $1850.
No lot less than 30 feet front; nearly all
lots 33:4x120;. streets SO feet wide, graded,
sewered and macadamized; water and gas on
the tract
Terms, one-fifth cash, balance in 1, 2, 3
and 4 years.
I Building restrictions, prohibiting the erec-
tion of any building for other than resi-
dence purposes, Including not more than two
flats to a lot are enforced; no stores, etc:
these restrictions and the large lots, together
with the low prices, make It safe for you to
buy and build.
Lots adjoining this property are selling for
much more money; where can you buy for
$55 a front foot land as desirable or as apt
to improve as this? Excellent car facilities;
Eddy, Sacramento, Sutter and Geary-st lines;
send for diagram, with prices.
L^OS * HOAG.
a 116 Montgomery st
•
ONLY A FEW LEFT.
tl 25 PER WEEK.
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
1200 for choice lots. Excelsior Homestead
Tract; level as a billiard table; on grade:
close to fine school and Mtssioo-st electric
cars Abound to double in value.
$400 each on installments of $10 per month:
no taxes; fine lots near Ocean boulevard:
best residence location south of Golden Gate
Park; these are the cheapest lots In this dis-
trict; advancing in price rapidly.
W. J. WHITE.
28 Montgomery st. r. 8. Phone Main 5704.
$1600— COTTAGE, 4 rooms; good location:
very easy terms; a big bargain. Apply
8310 Mission st
GOOD work our motto: prices moderate. AHL-
BACH fc MAYER, plumbers. 836 Howard at.
BEAI. ESTATE — COUNTRY— Tox Sale.
$5000—80 ACRES of land, all under cultiva-
tion with improvements, in orchard section
of Sutter County; only three, miles from
county seat and on line of new irrigation
ditch. v
A snap if taken soon, but will not keep.
M. J. NEWKOM.
408 Second st, .Marysvllle. CaL
A SNAP.
$2800 cash will buy an 8(«>-acre stock ranch In
Sonoma County: house, barn, orchard and
vineyard; plenty of water and wocd; es-
pecially good for hog raisins; mu£t «*>
sold within one month en account of dis-
agreement between owners. See P. C.
LASSEN & CO.. 466 Tenth st, Oakland.
Cal.
ATTENTION. HOMESEEKERS!
Send postal for catalogue of the beat lanr
bargains in California. C M. WOOSTER CO..
64S Market st
CONTRA Costa County Real estate for sale.
Send for list D. J. WEST. Martlnex. CaL
SAg MATEO BEAI. ESTATE. .
- 1OMITA pARIC
As an investm> nt or for a home site, a 50-
foot lot In Lomita Park offers exceptional ad-
vantages. Only 45 minutes from the city on
the San Mateo electric line: outside the fog
belt; well located and drained; artesian nrater:
streets graded; water and sewer pipes iaid
Terms — A first payment of from $10 up and
balance at $10 per month. Easily, within the
reach of all. First placed on the market Aug-
ust 1 and over half now sold. Must t>? seen
to be appreciated. Go down and investigate or
write to-day — to-morrow may be too lat* to
secure a choice.
SEI.BY. RODGERS St CO..
Main 673. 116 California st
Also at LOMITA PARK.
HEAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
GOOD Oakland property to exchange for coun-
try property. L. A. SPENCER. 472 Tenth
st-. Oakland. -.■■-■-■»
FBOPEBTT WANTED.
WANTED — Nice marine view home In city,
from owner, at a bargain. Bex S9€9, Call.
PHYSICIANS AND STTBOEOXS.
DR. C C. CDONNELI^— Office and residence!
1021% Market st. bet 6th and 7th: particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073 Vi Market st
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
pact four years at 115-117 Mason st. now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st. near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dis-
ease* cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISE3 in EAR3
positively cured; new methods: one week's
treatment free. Dr. Cottlneham. 204 Sutter.
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
tomey-at-Iaw. 6 Hobart bldg.. 502 Market st
BERKELEY ADVEBT^XTS
- BERKELEY BEAI. ESTATE.
~ A SNAP— SEE IT!
$1450— $250 cash, balance $15 per month;
"new 5-room cottage, hot and cold water, bath
and toilet high basement brick foundation; 1
block to cars. .
$6000 — House of 8 large rooms; all modern
and up-to-date, with a blcck of land; well,
windmill and tank, barn, chicken-house, fruit
trees; house- cost more than I am asking for
the property.
$1S5O — New 5-room cottage; high basement
fine mantel, stationary tubs, bath, toilet, etc..
large lot: 1 block to cars.
$2800— $S00 cash, balance $25 per month; S
large rooms; all modern; lot 50x135; .fruit
trees; work all done.
$300 to $600— Street work all done; $25 cash.
balance $5 and $10 per month.
$1500— $320 cash, balance $15 per month; 4
largo rooms; good well and city water; lot
40x135;
* $2100— $200 cash, balance $20 per month? S
large rooms and bath; stationary wa»htubs:
fine mantel, hich basement; cement walks;
street work all done; 2 blocks to both trains.
$2200 — $1100 cash, balance flat mortgage; 8-
room house; lot 76x100; 3 blocks to train; re-
duced from $3000 for quick sale.
W. C. MORAN. South Berkeley.
OAKLAND * ADYERT^MTS
OFFICE. 1018 BROADWAY.
OAKXAirp BEAX ESTATE.
~ MUST BE SOLD. ">.
$£00— Fine 50-foot lot; West st.. north cf
Fortieth; quick service to San Francisco; owner
needs money ; will sacrifice for cash.
$000— Splendid elevated lot 75x125 feef
street macadamized; lovely view; rapid transit
service; creditors forcing sals; see this at once.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE COMPANY
460-462 Eighth st, Oakland. Cal.
A SNAP— Choice ; lot 110x123. SW. cor 21«
and Myrtle sts. : ■ will be sold as a who!* ci
In subdivisions; sold to settle an estate. 1453
Myrtle st. Oakland. #.«.■•.
$7000 — HANDSOME new 8- room house; furn-
ace; Lakeside district, near business center
must selL LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE
: CO.. 460-462 Eighth st. Oakland. >
OAnAHP BOOKS TO LET.
VERY sunny front rooms in new flat; near U>-
cal trains and Telegraph ave. 4?6 Twenty-
third st. Oakland. ■
* OAJQ*Ajn> ruaSlTUU FOB SALE.
TO^MOJtRO^v'^hTrtoy W^or^ar^^
ture. H. Schelhaas, 11th st, cor. store. Oakland
BOOKS FOB HOTTSKEEPXTirG.
EDDY. 210— Nicely furn. suite, light hcure-
k?eping; also double rjoms; terms mc;1er=it«".
EFS£X. II. bet First antt Second, oft Fol-
som — :! sunny furnished hoUdek;epii.g roum*;
__gas: $13 50. ,
FIFTH. 3.Vt— 3 furnished hcusekeeplnj; $13;
also 2; 812.
FILLMORE. 1 1 Ci » — Two or three sunny front
rcoms: houpeke'pirs privilege.
GEARY. 122Ti — N:ce sunny bay-window sult<»:
all ccnvtnlpncs: fine view; also other choice
rooms; reasonable.
GREEN. 1929—2 larar- furni»h<«1 rocma for
housekeeping: hr>t and calJ water ia rooms:
tele-phnne and bath.
HAIGHT. C05— Z unfurnished rooms, front,
with u«>» nt bath and wnshtubs; reasonahl*
to right parties.
HOWARD. 71!>H— Hou»» keeping; 3 large sunny
rooir?. suitable for 3 or 4 adults: respectable:
- no transient •
JACKSON. 941. cor. Mjscn — One or two un-
furnishef! housekeeping rooms.
JESSIE. 32T.— Large, sunny rront room; r**
range, sink, bed and cot ; $3 25 week.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. l"U0 Pirte —
Sunny furnished 3-room suites; steam heated,
electric lighted: free baths; rates reasonable.
MISSION. »11H. near Fifth — Furnished rooms
i for housekeeping: gas stove: reasonable^
MISSION. 1013. nenr Sixth — Front room for
couple; folding bed: la-Re closet: light house-
keeping: $3 jier week; quiet, respectabls
house; no sign.
OAK. 117 — Rooms, complete, housekeeping; $3
to $12; gaa range; hot bath; adults.
O'FARRELL. 13S3 — Nicely furnished runny
- front housekeeping suite; $16.
RAUSCH. S5. near Folsom — Alcove room aal
connecting kitchen complete for bskpg. ; rtaj>.
SACRAMENTO, 1514 — Bunny rooms: neatly
furnished: suite or single: light hotuekeep-
Inar i* det>lred.
STOCKTON. N. W. cor. Filbert— 2 nicely fur-
nished runny housekeeping rooms.
TENTH. IS2— Two sunny connecting rooms,
newly furnished for housekeeping: gas range.
running water.
THIRD. SOS — Nice, sunny housekeeping rooms;
transient; from 25c up: all clean and light
TWENTY-FOURTH. SS^. near Mission— Two
unfurnished front rooms for housekeeping;
running water; no children.
| WEBSTER. 1220 — .Tvr-r 4 rooms complete for
hnnsekeeplnz: rhone and bath.
| =3
BOOM3 TO LET — Fura. and Unfura.
ATKINS, ccr. Third st. and Park lane — New
brick building; all sunny rooms; hot and cold
water; electric lights; only first-class housa
in locality; rooms (1 80 week and up.
A— BRUNSWICK Hou*e. 14S Sixth st.— Room*
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week ani
light housekeeping rooms; open all night
AT "The Almonte." S7.1 Market st (or No. 1
Fifth st>— Rooms. 25c. 5i<c. $1. $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
BELMOND Hcu?e; ever Owl ijrus store; 2 en-
trances. 1126 Market and 21 Turk — Eleetm
ligbts: -\runnlcg water In every room; 20O
rooms; 25c to 50c per night; $1 25 to * ; week.
CALIFORNIA, 1247— Suite of rooms; piano,
grate ar.d bath; light breakfast without
charge.
FIFTH. 327 — Nicely furnished front room.
FILLMORE. 319. near Pase — Nice front
room: $1 50.
FILLMORE. 2517 — 2 cr 3 nice newly carpeted
rooms; furnished or unfurnished.
GRAND Southern 7th and Mission— Rsoms 35 j
to $1 25 night: $1 50 to fl wt; r-ac! ing -room.
HARRISON. 2410. bet. 20th and 21st— Furnish-
ed front room, suitable for 2 men; rent $5.
HOWARD. £40— Sunny front room.- crate.
$3 25 week
HOWARD. 715 — Furnished rooms? single or
"double: central location.
HOWARD 737H — Rooms, large and sunny, to
let. ■ .;
'HOWARD. leCS— Neatly furnished rooms for
housekeeping: also single room.
LACUNA, 1507. cor. Geary — Cozy 3-room suite;
newly furn.; new flat: private: reasonable.
LARKIN. S04 — Sunny back room with grate,
$?; also double room, housekeeping. $6.
MASON. 1j27 — Furnished rccms: private: wit!*
■ or without or without bath: references.
MARKET. 1043 (The Falmouth) — Sunny rooms:
. $2 SO to $7 w«»k: baths: elevator; also hkpg.
METROPOLITAN Hotel. 12!> Third st — VA
wlngle and family rooms Sic to il 5i» per day.
$2 to f* per week: the only new ani rwtsrn
hotel and rooming-house In San Francises
that has office en ground floor, hot and coll
• water, electric lights, call bells. «£*am test
la every rocm and gives free bat>.# and ale-
vator service day and night to its guejts.
ROOM? FOa RENT.
Tfce Pacinc Coast Room R»ntir«r Asrency has
opened offices at 2>*O Post st. If you want a
room, mite cf rocms or flat call and »e»» us.
We can furnish you furnished or unfurnish*'!
rooms and save you time, trouble ani money.
Full description, prices, etc.. phene Jcbn C591.
ROYAL HOUSE. 126 Ellis— Incandescent llgfcts;
reading-room smoklng-rocm aiii ladles* r» r -
lor: room3 per night, "c to $1 CO; week, ti
to $9: month. $8 to $20: elevatjr on grourd
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; D.i:ns.
SACRAMENTO. 1TJS.S — Nice Tarnished sunny
parlor to let; new, modern flat; 2 gentleaea.
ECTTER, 703 (San Rfaio) — Large sunny rur-
nisted rooms, single and en suite.
THE ST. KATHRYN CORNETi ELLIS AND
LEAVENWORTH STS.— POSITIVELY THB
SUNNIEST P.OOM3 IN THE CITY: NBW
SANITARY HAIR MATTRESSES BATH?.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS TELEPHONE 5ERV ■
ICE HOT AND COLD WATER: EVERY"
MODERN CONVENIENCE: EI.EVATOU
ALL HOURS; ROOMS FROM $a WEEK
TUR*K, 123 — Clean, sunny furnished rtyrr*.
with board; suite or single; housekeeping;
$5 up^
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, r.r Market — IM
rooms 53c to SI nieht. $1 75 to $5 week: elec-
tric lights < no gas), nmnins water in e»»ry
room; elevator. read. -room: free bus: htex -c
VENDOME, 1104 Market— Furn. rooms suite
or slnxle; suites $5 week up. 15 Turk.
WINCHESTER Hotel 4» M st.. r.r. Mark?*—
. Most convenient and respectable: 700 ncjn*:
35c to $1 50 nightly; t~ to $J* weekr elevator:
elec. lights; reading-room; fr»e bus: bagirait*.
A BRANCH office of- The Call for 1 tha recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions hs»
been opened at 1UO8 Market st.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS.' subscriptions received at
Call branch ofSce. cor. Duncan *nd Chnre>\
BOO2ZS AJTD BOABS.
H^T^EL^^L^A^Xo^^Sor^G^r^^rtT^a^ie*
sunny rooms, board: suites, with board for 2.
$50 mix.; single, with board. $U5 up; ipecial
family rates; Just renovated.
ELLIS. 423— Fine furnished rooms, with be.»t
cf French table board.
CALIFORNIA. 807 — Bert rooms. tabl« and ser-
vice In the city for the least money. "
ELLIS. 453 — Splendid ring!* rooms with be*t
of. French table board: reasonable.
GEARY. 7M — Board and room in a private
family; reasonaA^;; also rooms.
HARRISON. 570— Large sunny front room;
•water: parlor, piano, bath: with- without brd.
LARGE, beautiful, sunny, double rooms, with
board; reaav; run. water.. 3C«! Leavenwcrth.
STORAGE A59 WAB2THOT7SZS.
A— EMPORIUM Storage * Van Co.: furnitur*.
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 72V-
.731 Howard st. nr. Third: phene Grant 161.
CAPITAL Van And Stor**e Co.. \O Drama s*.;
S- phone Mint 2W1; JOHN F. COOPER, pres. ;
\ ■ furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
} PIERCE- RO DO LPH Storage & Moving Co.. or-
■ flee Post and Powell sts. ; teL Pri. Ex. 571.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Mortal* Cbm-
pany. .2320 Fillmcre st: phene Jackson 2S1.
! BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 1 1 Montgomery
st: tel. Main 1*40. Shipping at rut rates.
~~ LEGAL NOTICES.
«j*N FRANCISCO. Cal.. Dec. 15. 1904.— To
whom it may concern: Ba It hereby known
that the copart/?rsh;p heretofore exbtinsf
between D. J. O*H.\R.* and F. J. MONA-
HAN under the flrm name o* MONAHAN.
O"HARA & CO.; ia hereby dissolved. TW
said D. J. O'llARA w;th«lrawin5 from th*
said concern and his Ba<ne disrootlBued
DANIKL J. O'HARA. : F. J. MONAHAN.
Fur Additional Classified Advertise-
.. menta See Page 14,
■ ■ .........
1314
SZVTDrHS UOTICES. I
DIVlDSNiJ Net let— His Francisco and Subur- j
fc*n Horn* Building Society. 5th floor. Mutual |
Eavlaca Hani Uuiidini:. 70S lurkct it., op- •
liocitc Third ft.— For ti:e lialt-year ending 1
Oecemi)cr 31, l«04, i dividend has been de- '
rUred at the rate rer annum of ten llo> per •
cer.t on capital nock and partlc'.paUnc cer- 1
•.::,. al< .-. ti-ee from taxes, payable on and j
utter Monosy January 2. iyv5.
JOJ-KPH A. LEO.NAHU, Manager.
J. M. DUKE, tifcretary.
DIVIDEND Notlcr — California £afe IVrpostt
aad Traet Comcar.y. corner California and
Montgomery tu. — 1'or the sJx ;nonths endlns
L>eceroWr U. IM*. dividends have been de-
1 .:.:.-J on the deposits In the saving* depart-
!-2ent cf this coajrany x? lolluws: On term
.>;..*;'.?. »: the rate of 3 «-10 i>er cent per
anaom. and on ordinary deposits at the rate I
cf 3 p«r cent per annum. Iree of taxes, and I
pe»at!e cr. and alter Tueecay. Januarv S, I
1305. J. RALZELL BROWN. Manacer. !
DIVIDEND notice — Mechanics' Savings Bank, j
•outhwest corner Bush and Montgomery sts. — 1
For the half year ending with December 81.
1904, a dividerd has b*«n declared at the
rate o? three and one-quarter (3 V.) per cent
per annum on all dejosits. free of taxes, pay-
able en and alter Tuesday. January 3, 190(5.
Deposits bear interest from date received.
FREDERICK II. CLARK. Cashier.
DIVIDEND notio* — Savings and Loan Society,
101 Montgomery St.. comer of Sutter. baa
declared a dtvld«ud for the term ending
December 31, J!»04. at the rate of three and
cr.e-<jisarter (3*4) per cent per annum on all
deposits free of taxes and *ayabl? on and
after January 2. 1305. CTRUS W. CAR-
aCAKT. Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice — Saa FrancUco Savings
Cr.lon. £32 California at., cor. Webb — Kor ths
half-year er.dinc with th* 31st of December,
1904. a dividend has been declared, at the
rate per acsum cf three and one-half (3^)
per c«nt oa term deposits, and three (3) per
cent on ordinary deposits, free of taxes,
payable oa er.i after Tuesday. January 3.
1905. LOVELL WHITE. Caaaler.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Mutual Savings Bank of
Ean Francisco. 710 Market st. — For the half-
year ending December 31. 1904, a dividend
baa been declared at the rate of three and
one-quarter <3>4) per cent per annum on nil
deposits, free of taxes, payable on and after
Tuesday. January 3 1900. GEORGE A.
8TORT, cashier.
THE Continental Building and Loan Associa-
tion of 301 Callforcla st., San Francisco,
has declared a dividend for the six months
ending December 31, 1U04. of 5 per cent per
annum on ordinary deposits; (J per cent on
term deposits and 7 per cent on class "F"
installment stock. DR. WASHINGTON
Dodjpe, president; WM. COHBIN, secretary.
FRENCH Savings Bank— For the six months
ending December 31. 1901. a dividend has
been declared at the rate of three and one-
cjuarter (3Vi) P*r cent per anr.um on all <Te-
joeits. free of taxes, payable on or after
January 3, 1905. LEON BOCQUERAZ. sec-
re ta.ry.
DIVIDEND Notice — The G^nr.an Savings and
Loan Society. 62B California s»t. — For the
half-year ending D»c*mb«>r 31. 1904. a divi-
dend has been declared nt the rate of tnree
end one-quarter t3«i) per cert per annum
«n all depoaits. free cf taxes, payable oa
and after Tuesday. January .1, 19C5.
GEORGH TOURXT. Secretary.
THE regular monthly dividend of 5 cents per
rtiare on the preferred stock of the United
Milk Company is r.ow payable at the office
of th* company at 524 Montgomery st.
SEWII7G MACECCWrrS AXTD STJFFXiIES.
IF you buy a White for a Christmas gift you
make no mistake; you not only get the best
Kuir.jr machine on earth, but also a beauti-
ful and useful Christmas present. White
Co.'a office. 915 Market st.
ALL makes: 2d hand. $2, $5. $7. $9; nrw.$4. $8:
drop heads. 5 drawer, golden oak. $13; rented,
repaired j lowest rate*. National Automatic
6. M. Co.. 145 Sixth St.; tel. Jessie 3736.
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use; best
Is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office. 1021 Market st.. near Sixth.
ALL kind* F^cond-hand (3. (5. SS; slightly
urei f ID. $15. £20; you know where the dolls
swing In the window. 1051 Market st.
ALL kinds bought, eold and repairing guaran-
teed. CHAS. PLAMBECK. 1915 Mission St.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pa?es. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
stop oxxanmra.
GUARANTEED cure; send 50c! tablet form.
mailed In plain package; has cured thou-
sands. L. L. C. CO.. 417 Hayward bldg.. S.F.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally g;ood No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Smith Premier. $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 60. The
Typewriter Exchange. 536 California st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
tVebster Typewriting Inspec. Co.. 508 Market.
PEOPOSAL&
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, Cnltea
States Geological Survey. Reclamation Ser-
vice, Washinrton.D. C, November 22, 1904
Sealed proposals will be received at the of-
fice of the United States Reclamation Ser-
vice, Phoenix. Arizona, until u o'clock a.
la.. January £>, 1905. for the delivery of 00,000
barrels, more or lees, of fuel oil at Mesa or
Koos«velt. Arizona, and for the hauling of
miscellaneous freight. Specifications and <
forms of proposal may be obtained from I
Louis C. Hill. Engineer. United States Geo I
logical Survey. Phoenix. Arirona. or from
the Chief Engineer. United States Geological
Kurvey. Washington. D. C. Each bid must
be accompanied by a certified check for $1000 i
payable to the order of the Secretary of thi !
Interior, as a guaranty that the bidder will
If successful, promptly execute a satisfactory
contract and furnish bond In the sum of I
120.OUO for the delivery of the oil and the 1
baullcg. The right is reserved to reject any ',
and all bids, to accept one part and reject
the ether, and to wal\-e technical defects,
as the Interest* of the service may require.
Bidders are Invited to be present. Proposals
tnuct be marked. "Proposals for the Delivery
of OH for the Salt River Project. Arizona."
THO6. RYAN. Acting Secretary.
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau of
Supplies and Account*, Navy Department
Washington. I>. C, until 10 o'clock a. m..
January 24. 1905. and publicly opened Im-
mediately thereafter, to furnish at the navy
yards. Mare Inland, Cal.. end Puget Sounds
Wa«h.. a» specified, a quantity of trucks,
concrete mixer, hoisting engine, winch, air
compressor, knife grinding machine and wood
trimmer. Blank proposals will be furnished
upon aj>plication to the navy pay offices
Kan Francisco. Cat. and Seattle. Wash. H
T.' B. HARRIS 5 . Paymaster General. U S
N. 12-0-04.
PROPOSALS for pipe and fittings— Office De-
pot Quartermaster. 36 N*w Montgomery st
Ban Francisco. Cal.. Dec. 20, 1904 — Sealed
proposals, in triplicate, mibject to usual con-
ditions, will be received here until 10 o'clock
I a. tu.. Pacific standard time. Friday. Dec, 30
:»04, *nd then opened, for furnishing pipe
and fitting* for Camp Stotsenbure, P. I •
Cnlted Btat*« reserves right to accept cr rel
Jert liny or all proposals or any part thereof-
:urther information furnished on application:
<T,\e)oT»r containing proposals to be marked
" Propose !.« icr Pip*, etc.. No. 10047" and
addressed to MAJOR C. A. DEVOL, Q. M.,
I.*. P. A I>»rot Quartermaster.
STurruKixG astd stamkesiho.
EXPANSION 61r^^L^6uRNE~ScTl6oLs^
Dowr.tuwn. 521 Frar.klln. near McAllister. 8
to 12. Open-a'.r school, 810 Diamond st.; teL
Capp Ml:;. 1 to 5 p. m. Details at either.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses were Issued yesterday as
follow*:
Fred J. Mlllhauser. 23, 2S Condon street.
■ nd fcigrid J. Ellison, 17. 54 South Park.
Angus MacLeod. 64 Clementina street,
and Victoria Hello. 28. city.
William E. Gamble. 2C. 322'£ Folsom street,
-and Bertha V. Miller. 21, 977 Sutter street.
licscoe W. Brown, 23, 313 Turk street, and
lAicy P. Miller. 21. Santa Rosa.
David A. Houle. 27. 320u Clement street and
Marian Van Zandt. 2C. 1234 Kleventh avenue
Alton E. Infarsoll Jr.. 22, 522 Lyon street!
end Edna M. Wallins. IS. Oakland.
Natalie Andreottl. 2«. CWJ Eryam street, and
6t»lla' D. Taranto. 23. C5C Bryant atreet.
John R. Ronald, 27. Petaluma. and Mar-
garet Paul I. 19. Potaluma.
Charles R. Plmley, Sacramento, and Minnie
tr. ITcMIKcn. CS, Sacramento.
!>eon Samuels. 21, city, and Ethel Geier-
*ho[er. 21 ci'.y.
Jcse D." Fuente, 2S, 1109 Clav street, and
Mafia E. Wilton. 22. 918 Jackson street.
Charles <^rran. 33, 115 Perry etreet, and
Franc:*ca Morri*. 2S, 607 Ash avenue.
boo Hco Dew. SS, Vallejo. and Mary Ylng
24. Vallejo.
EIBTHS—MARBJA&ES— DEATHS."
lilrth. marriage and death notices eent by
rr.ail -will not be inserted. They roust be handed
!n at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the ;iame and refidence of i>er-
isotm authorized to have the same publfEhed.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of th* event nrn published once in this- column
fre*- of chiirjrc
BOR.V. ~~
HICKET— In this city. December 22. 1904
to t l ie wife of John Hickc-y, a son.
. ICHEFE— In thi» citv. December 7. 1904 to
the wife of Edr.ard Keefe, a daughter'
M i™ VI , T 77i t ' *?, fa clty ' December 14.
Shter. C Wlf ° ° f °- J - McDevitt. a
£P "-, MAX - In thl » city. December 17. 1904.
win™ V * ? GW)IXe Spl'man. a daughter:
3IARIUED.
HAMILTON- KEIG— In thim city. December
21. I!**. t<j- the Rev. George W. White.
pat--tor cf Central M. B. Church,. George L.
Hamilton and Nellie T. Keig, both of Sac-
ramentx*
PRIMLEY— McMILLIAN— In this city. De-
cember 22, 1U01, by the Rev. Fred A. Keast.
pastor cf Epworth M. E. Church. Charles
It. Primlcy and Minnie McMUllan, both of
Sacramento. Cr.l.
TKXSKELDT— BRAUN— In this city. Decem-
ber" 21, 1S)O«, by the Rev. G. A. Bemthat,
John Chr. Tensfe'dt and Clara S. Braun,
both of this city.
DIED.
Adams. William— 35. • McCann, Catherine— 24 I
Alvord. WUIiam. Mclmosh. Chas. F.— 49 \
Beach. Chiilon. MrKenna, Thos.R. — S2 1
B»kkon. Magnus — 55. Mragher. Jeremiah — 56
Cameron, Sarah — ~n. Moorman. W. — -5 dy*-
Conway. 1'a.trick — CO. Morris. Nancy A. — C5.
Cook, William H. — 1». Mullowny. Annie — 50.
Corcoran, Mary — 75. Murphy M. J. — 55.
Crownursi, Mary — 4S. Murray, Mary— 47.
Cunnrnsnam, Kate. Nyholm, John— 66.
Daniels, Annie A. — 50. Rice. Lydla C.
Doble, .Abner — 75. Roth-ranger, Frank.
Ehret. Autole— 62. Snbllck. Magdalena — 55
Goodyear. Cynthia — G9 Salisbury. Kate C — 58.
Hill. Martin — 14 Shaw. Nellie — 19.
Hogg. Trances E. — 50. Thompson. Juliet — 34.
Lessor. Irene W. — 14. Walker. Celora — 10.
Maddox. Win. T.— .".0. Wthe. F. P. — 76.
Mattson, Augusta. |We.fto3y, Richard — 83. I
McAfee. Clark W. i
ADAMS— December 22. 1904, William Adams
of Bl6hc,n. Cal.. a native of Missouri, aged
30 rears.
(TT'Remains at the chapel of Charles H.
J. Truman & Co.. 1909 Mission street, be-
tween Fifteenth and Sixteenth.
ALVORD — In thin city. December 21, 1904,
William Alvord. a native of New York.
CTFuneral services at 2 p. m. Friday, De-
cember 23, at Trinity Episcopal Church, cor-
Bush and Gough streets. Interment private.
BEACH— In this city. December 22, 1804,
Chllica. husband of Elizabeth Beach, and
father of Jennie and Chester Beach, a na-
tive o! New Jersey.
ICXFuneral and Interment private.
BEKKEN— In this city. December 22, 1904,
Maguus Bekken, a native of Denmark, aged
55 years.
CAMERON— In Oakland, December 22, 1904,
Sarah, wife of the late James Cameron, and
beloved mother of James A. and William
H. Cameron, a native of Genesee County,
N. Y.. aged 70 years 1 0 months and 24 days.
CONWAY— In this city, December 21, 1904.
Patrick, beloved husband of the late Annie
Conway. and father of Nellie. James,
Thomas and Kddie Ccnway, «a native of
County Roscommon, Ireland, aged 00 years.
A member of alarble Cutters' and Finishers"
Union No. 13S.
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 12:30 d. m.. from Mr late resi-
dence. 1191 Howard street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church for services at 1 p. m. In-
terment Holy Crc*s Cemetery.
COOK— In this city. December 22. 1904, 'Wil-
liam Henry, beloved husband of Anna Elli-
abeth Cook, a native of Pennsylvania, aged
C9 years.
CORCORAN— In this city, December 21. 1904,
Mary, relict of the late Daniel Corcoran, a
native of County Cork, Ireland, aged 75
year?.
E7The funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 8:15 a. m.. from the parlors of
McFadden. McUrearty & Green. 1171 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Mary's Church (Paullst
Fathers), where a requiem nan will be cel-
ebrated for the rer>ose of her soul at 9
a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CROWHURST— In this city. December 21.
1904. Mary Ann, beloved wife of Samuel
Crowhurst. and mother of Fredrick, Ella
M. r.nd Francis G. Crowhurst, a native of
England, aged 48 years.
IC7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Saturday. December '24. at 2 p. m.. at the
mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate Under-
taking Company. 2475 Mission street, near
Twenty-first. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by electric funeral car from cor-
ner Eighteenth and Guerrero streets at
2:30 d. m.
CUNNINGHAM— In Alameda, December 20,
1S04. Kate, wife of the late Lawrence Cun-
ningham, and slater of Mrs. Lizile Miller.
Mrc. Annie Christian and Susan and Agnes
Smith, a native of New York.
tCT'Kriend!! and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 9 a. m., from the parlors of
J. C O'Connor. 767 Mission street, thence to
St. Mary's Cathedral, where a requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
at 9:30 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery, by electric funeral car from Eighteenth
and Guerrero streets.
DANIELS— In this city. December 22. 1904.
Annie A. Daniels, beloved wife of Theodore
Daniels, a native of Poland, aged 56 years.
iC-/"Krl*-nds and acquaintance? are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral service*
Saturday. December 24, 1904, at 10 a. m.,
# at Charles J. B. Metxler's undertaking par-
lors, 036 Washington street, thence to Third [
and Townsend streets by 11:30 a. m. train.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
DOBLE — In this city. December 22, 1904.
Abner Doble, a native of Indiana, asred 75
years and 6 months.
ty Funeral services Friday afternoon, De-
cember 23. at 2 o'clock, at the chapel at Odd
Fellows' Cemetery, San Francisco.
EHRET— In West Berkeley, December 22. 1904,
Autole.. beloved husband of Cecil Ehret. and
uncle of Mrs. Oscar Grlndell. Antone, Eu-
g-?np and Charles Ehret, a native of France,
aged €3 years.
(n7Frier.tl* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Saturday. December 24. 1004. at 2 p. m.. at
tne family residence, 1516 Fifth street, under
the auspices- of the A. O. 17. W. Interment
Oakland Crematory.
GOODYEAR— In Benlcia. December 21.' 1904.
Cvnthla Vaughn, widow of the la^e Andrew
Goodyear, and beloved mother of Henry
Clay Goodyear and Grace Goodyear Klrk-
man. and trfster cf Stephen and Singleton
Vau?hn, a native cf Saline County, 1 Mo.,
aged C9 year*.
C7FunT&.l from her late residence in :
Benlcia. Saturday. December 24, at 11 a. m.
HILL— In this city, December 22. 1904, Martin
Hill, a native of Finland, agea 44 years.
HOGG— In tnis city. December 22, 1904,
Frances E., beloved wife of James Hogg, and
mother of William J. and Mabel Hogg, a
native of Glenarm. Ireland, aged 59 years.
(ETNotlce of funeral hereafter.
LESSER— In thl« city, December 20, 1904,
Irene Walter Lesser, dearly beloved daugh-
ter of Herman Le:s3r and the late Martha
Walter, and darling: granddaughter of Mrs.
Clara Walter, n native of San Francisco,
ag«"l 14 years I month and 18 days.
I C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-diy (Friday), at 11 a. m.. at the resi-
dence of Mrs. Clara Walter. Ill Sixth
avenue. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery, Oakland.
MADDOX— In this city, December 22. 1904,
William T. Maddox, beloved son of Mr>». C.
W. Taylor, and brother of Mrs. James F.
; Reader and Mrs Mollle Sinclair, and grand-
] fon of Mr. and Mrs. John ThomDson of Pa-
: clflo Grove, a. native of Grass Valley, Cal.,
I aged -10 years 8 months and 21 days.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
'. fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
j "Saturday), at 1 p. m.. from the parlors of
i HaMed & Co., 04G Mission street. Inter-
| inent Mount Olivet ' Cemetery, by carriage.
: MATTSON— In this city. December 22.^ 1904.
Augusta Mutt son. beloved mother of Mrs. E.
V. Culver, George A. Mattson,/ and beloved
wife of the late Captain Olof Mattson, a
native of Sweden.
ICT Friends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
< Saturday), December ?4, at 1 n. m., from
her late residence, 1913 Laguna street, near
California. Interment Cysress Lawn Ceme-
tery, by electric funeral car from the corner
.of Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
McAKEE — In this c'.ty. December 21. 1904,
• "lark William, beloved husband of Eliza-
beth Cocke McAfee, and father of Lloyd T.
and Harry C. McAfee, and brother of L.
Carroll and Edwin McAfee.
E7" Funeral service* Saturday, December
24, at 10 a. m., at h,ls late residence 2921
California street. Interment Cy^ressr 'Lawn
Cemetery.
McCANN— In this city, December 21. *19O4,
Catherine, beloved daughter of Patrick and
Annie McCann, and sister of Nellie and
James McCann, a native of County Mayo
Ireland, aged 24 years.
CT'Kriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 0:30 a. m.. from the Darlors of
McFadden, McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mleslon
Btiect. between Seventh and Eighth, thence
to St. Josesh's Church, where a requiem
mass will be celebrated forUhe repose of her
scul at 10 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cem-
: etiry. ,
I McINTOSH— In this city. December 20 1004
• Charles F. Mclntosh, a native of New York
i City, aged 49 years. A member of San Fran-
ciseo Mailers' Union. No. 18. (Melbourne
Aus.. papers please copy.)
McKENNA— In this city, December 21, 1904
Thomas R. McKenna. beloved son of Cath-
erine G. and tho late William McKenna, and
brother cf William. Charles and Mary A.
McKenna. o native . of California, aged 32
yearn 0 months and 24 days.
C7" Remains at the mortuary chapel of the
Golden Gate Undertaking Company, 2475
Mission street, near Twenty-first.
i MrAGHER— In this city. December 22, 1904
i Jeremiah, dearly beloved husband of Ellen
Meagher. a:id devoted father of Joseph F
! ar.d George Mragher* and devoted brother
HENRY J. CA'-LACHE* CO.
(Succeztors to Flannagan & Gallagher)
DANIEL K DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND KMBALMERS.
20 Fltth it., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
Funeral Directors , and Embalmers— —
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple,
NOW. at K6C MISSION. Tel. South 1«7. v
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fltth st.
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rate*.
THE SAN FRAI^GISGO GALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1904.
of Mrs. Marguerctte Cullen. a native of Tip-
perary. Ireland, aged r>6 years.
CTNotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at h> late residence, 26 Tilden street.
MOORMAN— In this city, December 22, 1904.
Willie youngest and beloved son of W. C.
and Sarah J Moormen, and brother of Rutn,
Grace. Helen and Charles Moorman, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 20 days.
MORRIS— In this city. December 21. _1904.
Nancy Allen Morris, mother of Mrs. K. i.
Harding. Mrs. H. N. Llcyd, Mm. A. J.
Clunie. Mrs. Frederick Hammer and Clara.
Frank Harry. Lawrence and James Morns,
a native of New Tork, aged 00 years 7
months and 17 days.
tCT" Funeral private. Please omit flowers.
MULLOWNY— In San Rafael, December 21,
1004, Annie U Mullowny, a native of Ire-
land, aged 5t> years.
IC Remains at the mortuary chapel of tne
Golden Gate . Undertaking Company, Z*7o
Mission strwt. near Twenty-nrst.
MURPHY— In this city. December 22. lj>04,
Michael J.. beloved husband of Mary Mur-,
phy, and father of Mary. W. P.. Hannah,
Agnes. Emily, Cassle, Nlta and Clarence
Murphy, a native of Valencia, County Kerry,
Ireland, aged 55 years and 2 months.
CThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 a. m., from his late resi-
dence 7& Flllmore street. . thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at 0 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MURRAY— In this city, December 21. 1004,
Mary dearly beloved wife of the late Felix
Murray, and mother of Charles, William.
Felix. James, .Mary and Bessie Murray, a
native of County Monnghan, Ireland, aged
47 years.
ICTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 a. m., from his late resi-
dence. 11 Minna street, thence to St. Patrick b
Church, where a requiem mats will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul at 0 a. m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
NYHOLM— In this city. December 21. 1904,
John Nyholm, a native of Bornholm, Den-
mark azed 60 years. A member Cf the
Brickhandlers' P. and B. Union of California.
JC7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1 p. m., from the parlors of
the United Undertakers. SC6 Mission street,
between Fourth and Fifth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery-
RICB— In this city, December 22. 1904, Lydla
C. Rice, widow of the late Dr. D. W. C.
Rice, and mother of Mrs. H. C. Watson, a
native of Canajoharle. N. Y.
ROTHGANGER— At Mentone, December 21,
1904 Frank Rothganger, beloved husband of
Mamie Rothganger. and father of Gladys
and Francl» Rotheanger.
IC7" Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Saturday), December 24, at 1:30
p. m., at the chn^el of Charles H. J. Tru-
man & Co., 1909 Mission street, between
Fifteenth and Sixteenth. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by carriages.
Pacific Parlor No. 10. N. 8. O. W.—
Officers and members of Pacific Parlor No.
10, N S. G. W.. are requested to assemble
at the chapel of Charles H. , J. Truman,
1009 Miseion street. Saturday. December 24,
at 1 p. m., for the purpos* of attending the
funeral of our late brother, Frank Roth-
gan*er. Funeral will be under the auspices
of the parlor. Yours fraternally,
WILLIAM F. DAHL, President.
J. C. MILLER. Rec. Sec.
SABL1CK— In this city. December 21. 1904,
. Magdalena L. Sablick (nee Kuhlrt). beloved
wife of Professor Achilles G. Sabllck, and
mother of Mrs. Emma Reese, a native of
Saxony, Germany, aged 65 years 6 months
and 7 days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday). December 24, at 10:30 a. m.,
from the parlors of H. F. , Suhr & Co.. 1137
Mission street, between Seventh and Eighth.
Cremation Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
SALISBURY— In this city.- December 22, 1904,
Kate C. Salisbury beloved wife of Monroe
Salisbury, «nd mother of Mrs. A. D. Keyes,
Mrs. T. Danforth Boardman. and Sidney
Salisbury, aged 58 years and 11 months.
lC7"Servlce» and interment' private.
SHAW— In this city. December 21, 1904,
Nellie Shaw, a native of Idaho, aged 19
years.
THOMPSON— In this city, December 22, 1OW|
Juliet, beloved wife of Lav Thompson, and
mother of Arthur W., E. Luther. M. Alice
and Bryan Thompson, a native of St. Louis,
Mo., aged 34 years 11 months and 27 days.
IC7"Kriend» and acquaintances are resp«ct-
f ully invited to attend the funeral - services
to-morrow (Saturday). December 24 1904, at
10:30 a.' m., at the chapel of Charles H. J.
Truman & Co.. 1909 Mission street, between
Fifteenth and Sixteenth. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery-
WALKER— In this -Ity. December 22. 1904,
DelBra McDanlel Walker, beloved daughter
of Mr. and Mrs. William A. Walker, and
sister of Theron H. Walker, a native of Ore-
gon, aged 10 years and 3 months. .
WEHE— In this city, December 22, 1904. Fer-
dinand P. Wehe, father of Frank R., Ed-
ward F.. Fred P. and Alfred- W. Wehe,
Mrs. J. F. Egrgert. Mrs. Oscar S. Hunting-
ton and Mrs. Therese Macfarlan. a native of
Germany, aged 70 years 3 months and 18
days. (Milwaukee and Seattle, Wash.,
papers please copy.)
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Friday), December 23. at 2 p. m., at
the parlors of the Western Addition Funeral
Directors. 1724 DevUadero street, between
Sutter and Bu.sh. Interment Odd Fellowi'
Cemetery.
WESTOBY— In Bcnlcia, December 22, 1904.
Richard Westoby, beloved father of- Mrs.
Eleanor Innes and Mrs. F. P. IVelnmann,
a native of Hull, England, aged 83 years.
CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), nt 2 7. 111.. from St. Paul's
Epi&copai Church, Benlcia. Please omit
flowers.—-
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued Prom Pace Fifteen.
2CO0 Pennsylvania 10| 200 Ton of Nev.,9 80
SCO Ray &. O'Brien 07|
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. .
Tonopab.
Bld.Ask.l Bld.Ask.
Ton of Nev..9 60 9 62 Rescue 0« 07
Mont Ton ...2 00 2 05!Ton & Cal — 16
Ton Exten ..2 95 3 0U|Hay & O'Brien 03 07
MacNamara . 22 23|Paymaster ... 03 01
Ton Midway.. 34 35|Mlzpah Ex . . 12 —
Ton Belmont.. 70 71|Llttle Ton ... — 89
Ton N Star... 20 21 Esperanza .... 01 02
Ton Ohio 20 23 Gold Anchor.. 20 —
West End ... 13 14 Qulncy 11 —
Ton Gold Mt 13 14|N Y Ton Con. 14 15
Goldfleld.
Sandstorm ... 44 45i Black Butte.. 12 IS
Red Top 18 19|Booth G M.. 10 —
Goldfleld Mhk 16 , — JBIue Bull ... 15 20
Columbia 20 22 1 Adams 11 —
Diamondfleld. — 25 Silver Pick ... — 18
Jumbo 63 — May Queen . . 16 —
Jumbo Ex ..21 23 Nevada Boy.. 17
Vernal Mln .. 13 15 Orlg Bullfrog.. — 13
Pennsylvania 10 — Bullfrog Min.. 65 —
Goldfield .... 71 — Blk Butta Ex 10 —
Kendall ..... 20 22 South Western 60 —
Oakland 25 80
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterdays
Morning Session. -
1000 Adams 19 400 Mont Ton.. 2 07 hi
3000 Columbia . 22 1000 N Y Ton Con. 12
1000 Dixie Mln ... 20 1500 Paymaster ... 04
400 Ecperanza ... 02 300 Red Top 17
600 Free Gold M. 15 3100 Sandstorm ... 42
1000 Goldfleld Mln. 73 100 Sandstorm ... 43
1000 Goldfleld Mln. 70,' 1000 Sandstorm ... 41
2000GIdfld Red L 081200 Ton Belmont.. 68
800 Jumbo 60)1100 Ton Midway.. 35
1000 MacNamara . 221 25 Ton of Nev...O 00
500 MacNamara . 23t 500 Ton N Star. . . 22
1000 Mont Ton ...2 C5| 500 Ton N Star... 33
Afternoon Session.
1500 Adams 10 1000 NY Ton Con. 10
1000 Black Butte.. 17 500 N Y Ton Con. 11
2100 Dixie Min ... 20 500 Paymaster ... 04
COO Free GoJd M. 161 700 Bed Top 17
1000 Gldfld Red L O6'1500 Sandstorm t.. 42
600 Jumbo 00 500 SandRtorm ... 48
500 Jumbo 59 100 Ton. Belmont. . to
500 MacNamara . 23 100 Ton Kxten ..2 05
100 Mont Ton.. 2 07*4 200 Ton Midway.. 3«
200 Mont Ton ...2 05 600 Ton N Star... 20
200 Mont Ton. .2 O2»4
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask.
Adams 10 — Jumbo Ex .. — 22
Austin G M. 30 — Little Ton .. — 45
Black Ante . . 05 — Lucky Bldwin 05 10
Black Butte.. 17 18 Lucky Tom . . it
Booth M Co. 10 — MacNamara ... 22 23
Bullfrog Mln. 68 75 Mont Ton.2 02% 2 O7'/4
Colehan — 17l,Nev Goldfleld. 10 —
Columbia .... 21 — N Y T Con M. 14 15
Diamondfleld. 20 — (Paymaster ... 03 OB
Dixie Mln ... — 20! Pennsylvania •* — 10
Esperanza ... 01 02|Plne Grove .. 10 —
Free Gold M. — 15IRay Exten .. — ' 10
Gld Crter Ex 10 201 Ray & O'Brien 0« 07
Gold Anchor. 20 — |Red Top 17 lft
Goldfleld B Bl — 07IRescue Ofl 07
Goldflelrt Dmd 20 — (Rothwell G M. 11 CO
Gold field Mln. 68 70 Sandstorm ■ .. .'42 44
Gldfld Red L. 05 — Ton Belmont.. 69 70
Goldfleld S Pk — IS Ton Gold Mt. IS 16
Goldfleld Ton. — 00 Ton Midway.. 35 3(1
Gold Mt Con. — 02|Ton of Nev..O 50 10 25
Hazel Kirk .. — 12ITon N Star... 20 21
Jim Butler .. — 501 Vernal Mln ..IS
Jumbo ....... 58 60|West.End ...■' — 20
Hollywood Handicap Entries.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 22.—Follow
ing are entries for- the Hollywood
handicap to be run Monday, Decem
ber 26:
• For two-year-olds and upward, 11250 added,
one and a sixteenth miles — High Chancellor
122. Fd*sll .116. Sidney. C. Love 115, Elliott
112; Elwood. Sals 110; Sheriff Bell 108; Prlncesn
Tulane. Requlter 107; New Mown Hay. Flo Bob
103; ; Dlvlna, Ethylene, Glisten 102: Foneaata,
Pasadena, Luckett. Hans Wagner, Felipe Lugo'
98; Gorealette. William Wright. 07: Kehallan
Whoa BUI. Nitrate. Glorlosa. 05; Oxford M-
Line of - Life. - Blissful,' Lustlg, 00: Milton
Young, Cheerden S8;.Lerlda 87, • George '. Berry
SO. - Girdlestone 82; Los Angeleno, Count Ru
dolph 80. ■ -
FOGS MAY LAST
ANOTHER DAY
Dense Haze Still Hovers
Over United Kingdom With
No Signs of Its Lifting
TRAFFIC IS PARALYZED
All Trains Are Many Hours
Late, Trading Impossible
and Chaos Reigns Supreme
LONDON, Dec. 23.— There is as yet
no sign of the lifting of the fog which
envelops the kingdom. The absence of
wind throughout Great Britain is al
most unprecedented and meteorologists
do nut expect any change in conditions
for another twenty-four hours.
Considering the almost insuperable
difficulties attending locomotion of any
form, the number of fatal accidents
haa been remarkably smalL The con
gestion and suspension of business are
very general. So far as London is con
cerned the tuba railways are the only
concerns benefiting, and their daily
traffic is reaching record figures. Places
of amusement are almost deserted and
shopkeepers are loudly lamenting the
absence of the usual Christmas oustom
ers, instead of which the big stores are
inundated with orders by post, which
cannot be executed, owing to the com
plete dislocation of all carrying busi
ness. Railroad traffic, both for long
and short distances, is almost par
alyzed.
A condition . resembling chaos pre
vails in the postal service. With the
continued accumulation of Christmas
parcels and letter traffic it is quite im
possible to preserve even a semblance
of punctuality. AH railway trains are
many hours late, and many trains be
tween London and the suburbs occupy
a couple of hours in making a distance
of eight miles.
Mail boats in all directions are simi
larly disorganized. The Oceanic and
Saxonla have been unable to reach the
landings at Liverpool. The Cedric and
Pretoria, outward bound, are both de
layed and the Minnehaha is waiting at
the mouth of the Thames, unable to
proceed. , ;
Only two vessels enteredthe port of
London yesterday, a condition of affairs
euch as has not occurred for twenty
years. The mouth of the river la
crammed with vessels loaded with per
ishable food stuffs of all descriptions.
The streets of London present remark
able scenes. Nothing is visible except
ing buoy torches and the occasional
flare of big creosote lights which the
authorities are beginning to employ to
assist traffic. Nearly everybody is suf
fering from headache which the doctors
attribute to the fog. ,
At Birmingham Sir . Oliver Lodge is
making experiments with a model elec
trical apparatus for the dispersal of fog
which, although successful, is regard
ed as being too expensive for applica
tion on a large scale.
CORRIGAN GAINS CONTROL
OF ANOTHER RACE TRACK
The Big Western Turfman Will Dic-
tate the Tolicy of the New
Orleans Jockey Club.
NEW ORLEANS, La., Dec. 22.—Man
ager H. D. Brown of the New Orleans
Jockey Club, states that a deal has
been consummated whereby the entire
management of the club will be turned
over to Edward Corrlgan. This, matter
was discussed when Corrigran was -here
on Wednesday, but it was not entirely
consummated until to-flay. Mr. Brown
and Treasurer Fredericks of the new
club, who will own a controlling inter
est'in the stock, will transfer their
proxies to Mr. Corrigan, who will thus
be in a position to dictate the policy of
the club in futtfre.
"We thought it only right to place
Mr. Corrigan in a' position to control
affairs," said Brown, '^'in view of the
fact that he has taken'* a personal in
terest in our fight against the Western
Jockey Club. He will have all to do
with the appointment of officials and
with the arrangement of the details of
the meeting, which we will give later
on." '■ ■.; \ '-,'.
NEW YORK, Dec. 22.— It is probable
there will shortly be a' new poolroom
news service company in the field. The
company, of which there have been ru
mors for several months. Is said to be
ready for business and contracts have
been made for service from several
tracks. One customer said to have
been secured is Palmetto Park, in New
Orleans— the new track that was re
fused dates by the Western Jockey
Club. From reliable sources Edward
Corrigan, the Western horseman, and
Joe Uliman, who is a member' of the
"Mets," are named as the organizers of
the service that Is to make a bid for
racetrack and poolroom patronage^ .
Gives Recital at Palace.
A large crowd of music lovers heard
Miss Louvia E. Rogers at the Palace
Hotel last night. The singer was in
excellent voice. Following is the pro
gramme:
T r » om .^ Slx Lw '« Songs," op. 40 (MacDowell)
r (a l r^Z e t\ Blue Eyed Maid." (b) "Sweet
..£*}• Tc . 11 Me< (c > " Th y Beaming Eyes," (d)
»£n fA y i? O8e 7 : sulte ' op - n '. for P' ano a nd
violin (Goldmark)— (a) Allegro, (b) Andante
Bostenuto; (a) "Ich Hab Im Traum Gewelnet"
(.Schumann), (b) "The First Primrose" (Grieg).
(c) "Lehn Delne Wang" (Jensen), (d) "Ouvre
ten leux Bleus" (Massenet), (e) "Lasclall Dlr"
(Plzzl); (a) "Allah" (Chadwick), (b) "Thou
Art So Like a Flower" (Chadwick). <c) "Songs
My 'Mother Taught Me" (Dvorak), (d) "My
Dreams" (TostD: violin solo, "Walter's PrUe
Song (^Vagner-WIlhelmJ)); arioso, "Du Christ
Avea Ardeur" (BembergJ.
COOKBOOKS.
Owing to the unusual demand
on the part of our subscribers
for THE CALL'S Premium Cook
Book it has b€»en .; necessary .■> to
order an v additional . supply.
These books are expected about
the 15th inst., on and after
wliich date tliey will be at the
disposal of 'our, patrons 'at the
very' low price of • 50c: > ■;;'
To" subscribers receivingr their
paper by mail ; there will be ' an
. additional charge of 25c to pre-
liay expressage. < W e nlso liave
on hand a : . few copies of "Wild ;
Animals I Have Met," thor-
oughly descriptive of the whole
animal kingdom,' on the ' same
. terms. % Order * now, ; as our sup-
ply is limited.'
TWO CHADWICKS
ARE INDICTED
Cleveland Grand Jury Ee
turns True Bills Against
Woman and Her Husband
ACCUSED OF FORGERY
Information Charges Couple
With Uttering" a Paper
•Bearing Carnegie's Name
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Dec. 22.— Dr.
Leroy S. Chadwick and his wife, Mrs!
Cassle L. Chadwick, were jointly in
dicted by the county Grand Jury this
afternoon on the charge of having
forged and uttered a J5.000.000 note
signed "Andrew Carnegie." Dr. Chad
wick is now on his way to New York
from Paris and' is expected to land next
Wednesday. As soon as the indictment
was returned Sheriff Bary of this coun
ty made arrangements to secure Dr.
Chadwick's extradition. He will meet
the steamer on its arrival.
This is the third time that Mrs.
Chadwick has been indicted by the
county Grand Jury, but it is the first
instance of her husband's name ap
pearing in legal proceedings in the
case. The indictments already return
ed against Mrs. Chadwick are similar
to the one voted to-day except that
they cover notes of $250,000 and $500,000
signed "Andrew Carnegie."
"There are many things which Dr.
Chadwick will have to explain and I
hope' he will do so," said Prosecutor
Keeler this afternoon. "Dr. and Mrs.
Chadwick may be tried on the indict
ment, separately or together. Each has
a right to trial singly if it is desired.
The jurors will finish their work Satur
day. The Chadwick investigation so
far as this jury is concerned Is ended,
but I cannot say that this concludes
our Inquiry into the matter. It Is pos
sible that there may be other develop
ments."
BOSTON, Dec. 22.— On behalf of Her
bert D. Newton, it was authoritatively
stated to-night, civil proceedings would
be instituted against Dr. Leroy S.
Chadwick upon the latter's return to
this country. The action will be
brought for the recovery of a paper
given by Chadwick to Newton, and
having a face value of $90,000.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
WASHINGTON, Dec. 22.— An appli
cation has been approved by the Treas
ury Department for t.ie organization of
tho First National £ank of Hollywood.
Cal., dapltal $25,000. James C. Kay3, J.
B. Brokaw, A. Gardner, Henry ffOod
win and John Lane were the appli
cants.
The following: Postmasters have been
appointed: California— William C. Wat
kins, Nestor, San Diego County, and
Mary R. Bassett, Tule Lake, Modoc
County. •
Array and Navy Orders.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 22.— Under or
ders of the War Department the fol
lowing named surgeons are relieved
from duty at trfeir present stations and
will proceed io San Francisco, and re
port for transportation to the Philip
pine Islands on transports to sail about
the dates named in 1 1905: Major Wil
liam P. Kendall, March 1; Major Fran
ces A. Winter, March, 1; Major Henry
C. Fisher, April 1; Major William W.
Gray, April 1; Major Paul Shilleck,
May 1. Major Francis r J. Ives, surgeon;
Fort Sheridan, Illinois, on the expira
tion of his present leave of absence,
will go to San Francisco and thence to
the Philippine Islands on the first
available transport. Captain Alexan
der N. Stark, assistant surgeon, is re
lieved from duty .with the Isthmian
Canal Commission and upon the ex
piration of his leave of absence .will
proceed to San Francisco for transpor
tation to the Philippines on the first
available transport. Under instructions
of, the President, Lieutenant Colonel
George H. Torney, deputy surgeon gen
eral, is detailed as a member of the
army retiring board appointed to meet
in San Francisco by special order No.
243, vice Colonel Alfred C. Girard, as
sistant surgeon general, relieved. ' Pri
vate John M. Bratcher, Company L,
Eleventh Infantry, Fort Washakie,
Wyo., is transferred to the signal corps.
He will be sent to Benlcia Barracks.
Orders to naval officers: Lieutenant
Commander R. O. Bitler is detached
from duty as inspector of ordnance at
the Newport News Shipbuilding Com
pany, January 3, 1905. and ordered to
the naval station at Tutuila, Samoa,
and additional duty as the executive
officer ot the Adams, sailing from San
Francisco about January 12.
Unions Elect Officers.
Three labor unions have elected of
ficers, as follows:
Wool Sorters' and Graders' Union No. 9025
President, Robert Locke; vice president Ed
ward Coyle; treasurer. Daniel Donovan; finan
cial secretary. M. Brown; recording secretary.
J. J. Ryan; . sergeant-at-arms, Fred Castro;
delegates to Labor Council. William Colgan
and Edward Coyle.
Mlllmen's Union No. 423— President, Thomas
McGulre; vice president, D. Atkinson; recording
secretary, E. J. Daly; financial secretary. J. G.
Gallon; treasurer, F. M. Prendergast; warden.
F. M. Manchester; conductor, G. Bartels;
trustee. J. Beatty; delegates to Building Trade*
Council — A. J. Patterson. R. M. McLaren, V.
A. Watklns. A. Rahlmes, ' Y. Bartels J.' O
Fallon, C. Kerber and A, Deiter; delegates to
District Council of Carpenters — T. Farmer "J
M. Prendergast. H. J. Schobcr. Thomas Smith!
George Gllmore, J.( Beatty and D. Atkinson- al
ternates — C. Kerber and H. Kennltzer; trustee
to organized labor. T. O'Brien: trustee to Pro
gressive Planing Mill, John Segler.
Tile Setters' Helpers' Union, the Installation
takinjj place Wednesday evening, January 4
at which time a banquet will be served Pres
ident, ."J. McKeever; vice president, Charles
Reese; recording secretary, Charles Murphy
financial secretary. .Joseph Etoert: treasurer
Richard Harris; conductor, A. Moody; marshal
A. Wachter. '
»The Building Trades Council" has
passed a resolution protesting against
the : State's ceding its ownership of the
Tosemlte Valley to the Federal Gov
ernment.
"Clicking Jaws" Not an Exhibit.
: Gertrude. Mernin averred : In" her "suit
for : damages against Dr. B. B. . Cory
that .; through ; his carelessness in ' ex
tracting a' tooth her jaws were soiaf
fected as to cause them to click .when
she talked: ,; The dentist wanted -to
make exhibits of 'several other people
whowere similarly affected from other
causes. . ; .Tho. Supreme Court says the
lower -tribunal was right In ; refusing
to "waste Its time in listening to a" lot
THINK BANDIT
IS A PRISONER
Man Believed to Be Larger
of Two Cody Bank Bobbers
Is Arrested in Wyoming
NOT YET IDENTIFIED
After Making Detour to Es
cape Capture the Supposed
Thief Falls Into a Trap
BASIN, Wyo., Dec 22.— Bob Erwin,
who is suspected of being the larger
of the two Cody bank robbers, has
been captured and is In jail here wait
ing identification by TV. L. Walls, Carl
Hammitt and Asa Loveland. Love
land is the freighter who was "struck
over the head by fleeing robbers on
the day of the tragedy. He knew Er
win well.
Sheriff Fenton planned the capture,
having discovered that Erwln had been
seen at a ranch at the mouth of the
Gooseberry. He and Will Hammitt
took the trail, leaving Bert Holtz to
watch at the mouth of the Gooseberry.
Erwin made a circle to beat off the offi
cers and about two hours later came
upon Holtz, who held him up with a
Winchester and waited for the arrival
of Fenton and Hammitt.
ADJOURN IN RESPECT TO
A -DEPARTED DIRECTOR
President of United Railroads Pays
High Tribute to Qualities of the
Laite William Alvord.
At a meeting of the board of direc
tors of the United Railroads yesterday
President Holland referred to the re
cent death of William Alvord, who
had been a director of the company,
and touched upon the great loss sus
tained through his demise. The fol
lowing resolution was unanimously
adopted:
Whereas, It has pleased the Divine Ruler to
call from our midst our late associate mem
ber en this board, William Alvord. and.
Whereas, Ii is our desire to record an ex
pression of our deep sorrow for his loss and
an aooreciatlon of his services on behalf of
this corporation; be It
Resolved. That in the death of William Al
vord this board has been deprived of the so
ciety cf a highly valued and esteemed friend
and the services of an able adviser, and a
courteous conscientious and honored asso
ciate.
Resolved. That as members of this board we
tender to the family of the deceased in their
great bereavement o«r sincere condolence and
heartfelt sympathy.
Resolved, That the foregoing preamble and
resolutions be spread upon the records of the
proceedings of this board and that engrossed
copies thereof, be transmitted by the secretary
to the family of the deceased, as also to the
Bank of California.
Resolved. That out of respect to the memory
of our late associate the board do now adjourn.
DEATH SUMMONS PIONEER.
Abner Doble. a Well-Known Mer
chant.' Goes to His Rest.
Abner Doble. one of the pioneer
merchants of San Francisco, died yes
terday in this city. Deceased was a
native of Indiana and 75 years of age.
For many years he was prominently
identified with the steel trade of this
city and was highly regarded for his
integrity. As he advanced in years,
however, and competition entered the
local field his business diminished, and
his once large fortune slowly faded
away. Courageous to the last, he con
tinued In the commercial strife until
feebleness and illness overtook him.
LiATE SHIPPING ' INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, December 22.
Stmr Maggie. "Whitney. 4 hours from Half
moca Day.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. 25 hours from Monterey.
Stmr Phoenix, Odland. 24 hours from
Eureka. • '
Fr bark General de Sonls. Hemet, 1M days
from Antwerp. ■'''■"/■■
SAILED.
Thursday. December 22.
Schr Mary E. Rus», Eversen, Guaymas. via
Eureka.
Ship Wm H Smith, Gordon. Puget Sound.
Stmr Pomo, Ahlln, Albion.
SPOKEX,
Per Fr bark General de Sonls — On Dec 21,
lat 37 14 N. long 137 15 W. bktn James Tuft.
trim Belllngham. for Sydney.
MEMORANDUM.
ABERDEEN. Dec 22— Fleet still bar bound.
CHRISTMAS FESTIVAL*— The Mission
Turn Vereln will celebrate Its Christmas fes
tival and ball next Sunday evening a't Its hall,
Eighteenth street, near Valencia. Santa Claus
will be present and will give to each young
ster a handsome gift. The committee In charge
of the affair has spared no effort In providing
amusements for the old and young.
•Irish volunteers to give ball. —
Company A. Irish Volunteers, will hold Its
thirteenth annual ball In Native Sons' Hall on
New Tear'g eve. A feature of the evening
will be an exhibition of guard mounting^
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
IcaliforW
■CttlCAGo'iN 3 DAYSI
3 LEAVES OAILV AT S:jOA.ME
raWtTHOlNERSAMOSLEEPERfH
Other Santa. 7* Train it
7:30 a. m.1
9:30 a. m. )For Stockton. Fresno. Bakersfleld.
8 :00 p. m. J Merced, Hantord and Vlsalla.
4:00 p. m. For Stockton. !
b:00 p.m. For Kansas City. Grand Canyon
and Chicago.
Ticket Offices— «41 Market st. and Ferry Depot.
San Francisco; also 1112 Broadway, Oak-
. land. Cal.; also 27 South 1st. San Joae.
H To SAN RAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADpRO, Etc.
■Tia SaujaUto Parry
fcUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from ban Franclaco, dally, at t7:06.
7 '45. 8:25. »:10. 9:30. .11:00 a. m.; 12:20, l : «
i -15! 4:35. 6:15.-6:50. 8:30. 1:15 10:15 and
Arrive at San Francisco, dally, at t8:4O
7-35 8:15. 8:50. 9:35. 10:50 a. zn. : 12:10. l :ao '
2:55; 4:25, 6:05. 5:42. 6:22. 6:57. 7:40 and ufua
p. m. .
tDally except Sunday.
For Fairfax, dally, at 7:45 a. m.; also Satur-
day* at 8:15 P- ru.: and daily except Saturday
and Sunday at 5:15 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. daily— Cazadero and way sUUona.
3:15 p.- nu, Saturdays only— For Cazadero,
•tc
5:15 p. rn. dally, except Saturday and Sun-
day, for Tcmale*. etc
TICKET OFFICE— 650 Market *C
FERRY — Union Depot, foot of Mark*****.
RAILWAY TRAVKT«.
#Trmi«« !«•»▼• n « » r » <!■•
to nrrtTdof
8AN FRANCI3CO.
ftOM Octosss 29 1304,
(Toot of Market Street.)
VrA»« - MAIN LINE. - *»«rT.»
' 7.00a V»c«tI11c. W I niers. Uumsey 7~So5
i 7.00a nenlda. Eltntr»»n<! 8.icr»mento 7 9n»
1 7.30a Tsllejo. N»pa. I'alUtoca. 8»aU
: ll'>*», Martinez. S.n I!.imoa 8 23»
i ♦ 30a Nile*. Tracy. Lathrop. S'.ockron.... 7 2Q»
8 GOa snsst* Expre»»— (Via Uarti).
I \T|llt*m», Willows, trmto. lied
s Blnff. Portland. Tscoma. 9esttl« 7.50a.
! 8 00a DmTls.VToo<lland. C nidus Landtag.
Marysvllle. Oro»lll« 7-S0*
8-30a V*rtinex. Antloca. Uyron. Tr«cy.
Stoekton. Xawnso. Los lUno*.
MeadvLo. armoaa, Haofurd,
Vls»ll». fortenrltle 4^23*
8-30* Port Cotta. Modesto. Merced.
Fresno, Go«Ucn Jane tlon, U»n-
ford. Vlsalla. lUkertdeld , 4.55»
H-50 a Mies, S*n Jo»«. Llrennore. Stock-
ton. ('Milton), lone, S»cr»rn«nt<x
iUrjixlIli*. Catco. Utwl Blaft .... 4 23»
8.50a Ositdale. Cllfl"«e. Jaaeilown. So S
■era. Tuoluiune and Angels *-23»
800a Atlantic Kxpress— O«4en snd Ban. 5 23»
8.30a Richmond, llartlaes and "Wsj
Btattoas • 50*
10-COATbe Orerlwd Limited — **ttin.
§ Omnh». Chicago. l>«nysr.K»a«M
CUT. St. Louis ~ - •??*
10.00a Tallejo_._ teZOm
10-00 a Lev Aa gales Passenger — Port
Costa. Martinet. Byroa. Traey.
Lathrop. Stockton. Merced.
Raymond. Fresno. Goshen Juno-
1 ) tlon, Il.uford, Lemoore, VUalta. __
! Bakersoeld. Lo« Angeles !•*?•
I2.C0m najrwtrd. Nil-sand W»r Station*. 3.2O
tiXOP Sacrsraento Rlrer Steamers til.OO
3.JC* Bauiela. Winters. Sacramento.
Woodland, Knlghta Luadlac.
lIoryiTllle. Orortlla aad way
stations 10.30*
8-SCP Hayward. Nil** and War Stations.. 7.M*
I40P I-er t Costa, Martinez, By ran. Tracy.
Lathrop. Stockvon. Modesto. *
Merced. Berenda. Fresno aad
Way Stations beyoud Tort Costa 12-23*
4-CCp llarttnei.San Rafnon.Y*lleJo,Naaa )
Cal!itoca,8antanosa........ „. B 23*
I 4-00? Klles, Tracy, Stockton 10.20*
i 4.30s* Harward. Kllet, IrrlaKtoa. Saal t86J*
; _„ Jose. LlTtrmor* ) tii.SCU
6-C0*»Tae Owl Limited— <f«*mia, Lm
Uauui. Mrndoi*. Kre»nt». Talai%
„„ Bakersfleld. LesAngele*. ........ 3.50*
i 1S30P Hay ward. Mies ami bun Jos* ...... 7.20*
I 6.00P aayward. Ni:«»and Saa Josa....... 0-SUA
S£0> £a«tern Kxoresa — Omaba. Chicago,
PtnTer. Kansas Citr, St. Loala,
lifartlntx. Stockton, Sacrament^
Col fax. Reno, Sparks, MoauUo,
Oitdea ',2-SCm
•.OOP Vallejo, dally, except ionday.... i , -«-
74JCP Vallejo, Sunday only f ••»"•
7 -OOP Richmond. Saa Pablo, Port Costa.
Martinet and Way Stations 11.20*
7 -00p Re no Passenger— Port Costa. B«>
nlcla. Saisoa, Elmtra, Dtxoa,
DstIs. Sacramento, Sparks. Totv*-
pah. Keeler and War Stations... 7.SC*
<05«» Oregon * California Kxprera — Sa«>
ramento, Marysvtlle, Redding,
Portland, Pujet Sound and Bast. 8- 50*
i.1 Op Hayward, Nile* aad Saa Jote (3om-
| dayonlT). 11.80%
I COAST LINE Marraw ilaatt).
(Toot of Market Street.)
•-ISA Newark. Ceaterrllle. Saa Jos*. '
Feltoa, Boalder Creek. Baata
Crux aad Way Stations 8.89*
til 6* Newark, Ceatervllle, Saa Jos*,
New Almadea.Los Oatoa.Feltoa.
S«uld«r Creak, Santa Crux aad
Principal Way DtaQoni t10S9j%
4.1Bp Newark. Baa Joie. Lot Gatoa...]
«8.30p Hunteri" Train (Saturday snly)—
Baa Jose and Way Stations ...... ;7 2S>
" COAST LIN E <Br*»a Waage).
tarqiilrd »nd Tovrnaend Street*.)
6.10a Saa Joie ami Way Stations. 8-30*
7-OOa San Jose and Way stations ... 640*
S-COa New Almaden (Tnes.. Frtd.. only). 4-13#
8-COATbe Coaster— San Jose. Salinas.
Baa Ardo, Tut Koblea. Santo
Margarita, Saa Lais Oblip*. '
Gasdalape, Garlota, Santa lint-
aara. Saa Buenareatura. Moo-
■ UIto. CUnard. Bar bank. Lo*
Angeles _ 10.39*
8.00a Otlroy. HolMster. Caatrorllle. Del
Monte. Pacific Crore. Surf, Lonv
poe 104CP
8.00a Ban Jote. Tret Plaoa.WatsonvCIe.
Capltola. Santa Crux, Pacia*
Grove. Salinas. San Lult ObUpo
and Principal Way Station*. ... 4-10s>
1030* San Jose and Way Stations. 1.20»
11 San Jose and Way Station* M 7.30a
2-15p San Jotaand Way Stntion* 8 33*
i.CCPDel Mont* Bxpreta — Santa Clara.
. Sao Jose. Watson ▼ tile, Santa
Cruz. Del Mont*. Sfonterer,
Paciac Omre 12.18*
1I-C0P Los Oatoa. Wrlaist. Boulder Creekl
Santa Cruz. rU Santa Clara and
Karrow Gauge t10-4S*
S^OPValeaela St.. SouvSi Saa Francisco,
Burllnicame, Saa Joae, GUroy,
lloirttter. Tre* Plnos 1(1 45*
4-30P Pat .'o»e and Way Stations t800*
Td-00p Santa Clara, dan Juae. Lo» Gato*. -
- - ., »n>i principal Way stations (ex-
cept Sunday)' ; * t900»
|6-30p BaaJoteandfrtnelpalWay Stations 134CU
6 4*p S<iB«et ExpresH. — ltedwood. Saa
J ote, C I lroy .3 al!n a#. Patio Koblea.
Baa L.u!» ublspo. Santa Uarhara,
Lot Angelet, Pi-mlns. Kl Paao,
et.Lou1s.Nexr Orleans. KewYork 9.10*
6.45pF»J»ro. Watsonrllle. Caul tola.
oanta Cruz. CattroTUle. Del
Monte. Pacific OroTe 10.30*
tS-16P ban Mateo. Beresford.Uelmoat. Saa
Carloa. Keilwood. Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto t6-48«
6 35p Saa Jote and Way Stxtion*. ._ 6-38*
8-COpPaio Alto and Way Stations 10. IS*
11 .30p South San Francisco. Millbrae. Bar-
::n;ame, bin Mateo, Belmoat,
Sun Carlos, Kedwood, Fair Oaka,
Meclo park, aad Palo Alto t9 45*
■IIIOp If ayfleld, Mounula View, Sunnx*
vale. Lawrence. Sauta Clara aad
San Jose O-44a
A for Morn in*. P for Afternooa. ~~*
18aada* exeepted. tt*and«roolr
* bmturdo; only. 6 Monday oalr-
_ ISlopa at all stations on Sunday^
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
Tiburoa Ferry, Toot of Market Street.
SA2? FBA1IC1SCO TO SAN SaTAXL.
•WEEK DAYS- 7:UO, 9:0O. H:0O *. m. ; 12:33.
3:30, 5:10 0:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra iri9
at 11:30 p. m. .
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8: CO, 0:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30.
B:0O. 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAN.BAPAEL TO SAW TTLAJX CISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:C5. 7:33, 7:50. 9:20. U:l*
a. m.; 12:50. 3:40, 5:00. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:0O. 9:40. 11:15 a. m. : 1:10, 3:40.
4:06. 5:05. «:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arriv*
San Fran. | Oct. 2. 1804. | San yran.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. I tlon. | days. | Daym.
7:30 a 3:00 al 1 9:10 a *:40 a
9:30 a Ifnacta. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3:.tOp 6:03 p 0:20 9
5:10 p 5:00 p 7:33 p
7:30 a 9:10 a 8:40 at
8 :00 a Novata, 10:40 a 10:20 a>
8:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:03 p 6:20 >
6:10 p 8:30 p , and ' 7:35 p
5:00 p Santa Rosa,
7:30a 10:40 a. 10:20 •
8:00 a Fulton. 7:33 p 6:20 a>
8:30 p 3:30 p . ■
Windsor.
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsbur*. 10:i0al0:29«
Lytton,
8:30 p 8:30 p Geyservllle. 7:33 p 6:2* 9
Cloverdale.
7:30 al 8:C0al Hopland J10-.4O a|10:2O a
8:30 p| 3:30 p| and Cklah. { 7:33 pj 6:20 p
I ' I Willlts and I I
7:30 aj 8:00 a( Sherwood. | 7:S3 p| 6:20 »
7:30 al 9:00 al 110:40 a!10:20 a>
3:30 pi 3:30 pi Ouernavm*. I 7:33p| 6:20 p
T:30a! R:Ofta| Sonoma. I 9:10 al 8:40 a
6:10 p| 5:00 p| Glen Ellen. | 6:03 p) 6:20 9
7:30 al tCOOal 110:40 allO-.CO •
3:30p|3:30p| Sebastopol. I 7:33 p[ 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for Saa
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Bvrlnss and Mark West Bprtn&s; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs ; at " Geyservllle for Slcaics*
Springs: at Cloverdale for the Geysers. Boooe-
vllle and Greenwood: at Hopland for Dcacaa
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyville. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport. Bartlett
Springs and Lake County Hot Springs: at
liklab for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs
Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter Springs.
Upper Lake, Pomo, Potter Valley. John Day's.
Riverside. Llerly •* Buckaell's. Sanhedrln
Heights. Hullvllle. Orr*« Hot Spring*. Halfway
House. Comptche. Hopkins. Mendoclno City.
Fort Bragg, westport and Usalu at Wtllits for
Fort Brass. Hearst and Sawyers; at Sherwood
for Canto, Covelo. Laytonviile. Cummtngs.
Bell's Spring*. Harris. Hubbard Frultland
Dyer. GarbervUle. Camp 5, Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday— Round-trip tickets to all potat*
beyond San Rafael at half rate*.
'.. T*f. ket offlce - Market street. Chronicle
JAS. L. FRAZIER. R. X. RTAH.
- Pen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
» Mt, Tam alpai^Railway_
• I» T « &n ynaciiea^l -jgP- ' Ir. Saa Fraaeisc* ~*
- 8:2o A .fi»^i^a TTlIiF -iioT5tu
I A li-ooiiSaMnBr a: -- p 3:S5p
' r>p 1; *-'p' 6:33p 6:337
8atnrd»7. 4:35p ' 8attrd»7S 11:13?"
»Tu Granty far Kt Taaalpais to MU1 TaUtg
'atsDSL 1 65 ° Markk T ST^(North Shore Railroad)
fliriCB } and Sausautq t- e&ky. Foot Market Sv
Weekly Call. SI per YearCOMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
.Vrrc- York Stock.; frov: \>' 2 to t, Points off.
Suz'cr and Exchange rates about as before.
Wheat and Barley markets quiet and featureless.
Oj/j £rra; Con: srazfi o;:J /?\v higher.
u r> j ~ , , " . ? ,
Hoy, Bea:is arid beedsiutts as be/ ore quoted.
Butter, Cheese aid Eggs in moderate supply and steady.
Proz'ision markets s!i!l sluggish ezeryichcre.
Potatoes, Onions and J'egetabies abundant and unchanged.
Turkeys i:i fair supply at good prices. Game higher.
Nothing new in the fresh Fruit market.
The Cotion Market.
Brokers' wires frcao New Tork yesterday
«U<S cf cotton:
• "Ccttos Is sow at tb« lowest price o f the
tetucr. a=4 tbc Booth is to dookt se'.Iii^ the
acti^J ttu2 Jvlow ccst of; prcductioa this year.
t* . 5t is MtttTfflitBa ttat eJtcg-thrr UiU crop
has fc*?a the xsiost expensive one ever gathered:
• et i= the future n-.arket it hs* \ery few
frlere* tt rresmt. Our market opened easy at
5 »o 5 points tfeciiEe ar.d on a flurrj- of short
rofcrir.s aSvrsce'l tjaickly.acrne 10 points over
<T*r.tng rric«6, cnly later to *e'A off egain
'-tier the e»x» coifiiest bear pressure. The
!*:♦ trai'.r^ wa» »erj- <iu:i prices hangicg
aroacd the low pelr.t cf the ity."
Northern I^umber Conditions.
TT.» Pac.Sc l>us-.ber Trade Jourral says:
"The irovessert iraugrrated by the Pacific
Coart Lusiber Masufacfureir* Association to
Lave the r=i;u cf th« Pacific Northwest make
tr.« cus-.omarr dose down for repairs has re
pu:-ed in the proapective c!o€ir.g of 42* icilis,
or "an i-; ;:ci.r.i'» reduction in the output dur
ing the r«xt %ix weeks of 40rt/.>00,000 feet ot
lissber ard 6C1O.OOO.OOO «-:rt>«
" /The remit of this curtaMmest ought to be
S:t tb« b««t. There is no profit in selMr.g dl
n:»s*ion ar;-! timbers at from $5 to J7. whea
It i*.a cooce<!*<: fact that the «*t cf maro
fictafe aad the expense of »ale is in many
Sr-stanc** over flO. As a taatter of fact, re
»^rts to the associatioa ee\-eral raontlis ag»
f:"r; 110 taills showed that 25 per cent of tht
rr-ofiurtlcn is *o;d below cost 49 per cent at
ttrt cort aa3 only 2S per c«st at a rmall
p»o£t. For l=«ance. If a dill ssanafactnrei
:C'.«K»0Oft «««t per year it will make a profit.
• -vMstfing to this statement on only 2.500 O'O
feet. »!2i »e:i 4.000.0CO fe*t at bare cost and
*-i:i foe* rnoney ea 2.C00.000 feet; In other
■warts, the 2.5Oi>.000 »c44 at price* above pro
jection nicst make a profit for th* 7.500.000
feet ifold at cort ani Jef>s. It will be ecn
c«SeS by a=T bur'.nes* man that this is iin
jc**!b".e As a matter of fact, it is doubtful
1* there Is a -mill in Washington Oregon and
Eririth CpJursbia that win «now a balance
•s the rroCt «iie this year."
fL/tunber Sliipments.
Th* *hlp!rer:t» of Issibtr frocn the Saa
F-»=ci»co c-jy-.orr.e district le Itoveniber. 1904.
»-cr* as for.eri :
. Tc— Feet. Talrev
«trenf Britain w~. V3S. 7V> $25,275
Australia 453.M0 17.712
f=iC5can Is:ar*t 136.492 3.61*
Tahiti 62.777 I.r75
•Hswaiian Islands 12.M0 24S
v «»hsr^tcn Is:»ni ...... 2.000 «>4
•yicxico 149.S25 3.072
.«-fr.tr«l Atnerlra 146.3U 3,494
Par^ma C7.««0 1.53C
KouadcT 9.2C5 C50
• T«a;s 1J97S.424 $57,385
Dusntf e—
r,;»at. Britain 218.6«J 3.255
JUtttralia 10.000 120
'* Orand t«al» 2.1SW.P24 J60.770
la N-jvember. 1JK3. th* exports were 606.643
'•>•. xalued at *:5,C79. and included 1H.C«<9
fe«t of damage for Great Britain, valued at
EASTERN* MARKETS
Xew York Money Market.
PRBW rojut. Dn.-. es. — ctose: acusey on
<-*.l. f.teafiv. 2^e2» % i*r cent; closing bid. 2;
24
•• Tlin* loans. »ary: *irty days, ninety 4ay»
an^ eix mentbs. 3U€34 per cect.
Prime mercantile per<er. 4Q44 per c«nt.
Fterlisg exchange, f.rcs. closed easier, with
actual business in h*r.k»r»" bIU» at MeTT* for
Cepand and ct S4>465 for sixty day biUa.
Ported rates. $4 »4©4 69.
. .Commercial billf. 14 MU.
• Bar «il»er. «li»c.
iS«;icaii dollars. «5Uc.
: . /iovercmert benis, eteadr; rallroaa bcadt.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Dtc. 22. — There was a further
«Jcwnw»rd fwing in U»e rrio« level to-day, but
tfc* trading becarc* . mo listle«« and nearly
#tagnsnt es to <Semcnrtrate the inertia of tb*
market. The l^guid ir.terest is anribnted
b-.- the hopeful e.etnent among the tracers to
s^ieenable OLsif*t. especially to tie near ap
proach of a triple bo!i«lay and the 'week in
t«rve-!r.g J-#:*e^r. Christinas and New Tears.
•»:th the usuil attraction* to flraw away at
tencanc* at the teiotk Exchange. This element
centtEues to talk in Mtr.gruin* strain of the
tirper J>rice niov*m*Bt which i» to follow the
holiday teterraL At present operations are
lr. thr haris of ema'ler profesjlonals. The
*rttire 1ac>: of outride participation in the
market leave* co tr.edium for working in ajnd
rootn-trader?: flc«i no ad*<juate returrs In deal
trg »ith each r,iher. The flutte-iar ard un
certatr. Etvtnfi: of pr.'-es is a natural re
•rujt of tV.it state of affairs end does not
reed otter exj/lsnatior.. Actual news develop
j-:ents <xr"zlrAy played little psrt in to-day's
jrpj"t;»t. The urfa*orab!* l^Suer:!* of the r*-
. p -rt of the Cc tnm'Micner of Corporaticna
i'.r.gtr'-d ard the rutject »a* act!x«ly dis
«-u»*ed in «U quarters of the financial world.
■*TBe rnethod of proc'.an-.aticn of trouble to come
In the m«rV:*t. which has tttra-"t»d so much
atlniticn cf !ate. hsd nr.ailer valae. It xsas
rnnridered that the puilifh*d exchargw which
Jaive gi j9.ii out or tfcis attcck have cot ccn
£::?*6 to •t'.nrclite g»r.»ra.l operatlonii 1= the
•tock rsai^-.rt c.wirr to the revelations isaSe
ry «ri» r*'t trar.racti:c» frorr. trhirh ar.al
• rries can be £t.»t to ifocse «i:«pic:cn cf new
Ipfn'emect?. The ad£;::or^al »i-.-ar.r»!t in !!:;-.«■
«f iron ar.a ?r»ei prodocta &£ r:ot hold the
Trtcrt et tb«r Udted SU-es FJee! rtOCks arl
th» eslr "»" cf c*w2c:t:on« that oc::idgac
r-rr^rt for th«Jr heaviness w«» of the tr*jb!e
"frc35 drought, erd water supply for reUI? in
Tr?.T.*yU-*r.'.% and ExEterc Ohio. Seme further
gr*6 w*Et c«t- tat large erriva!* of go!3
fr.m IrfiJa »rer« I'porteii in l/ir-On nrrt a
rr.arp ris« !n »ter:iri<r exchtnge at Berlin
irarked the ce«$at!cn cf the G:r=an carittar*
*»?ran4s 'er c' A . Mnrt»y h«"re was easy, but
»iflwl power to Btimulete the stock market.
Tb« n-.trket Tell tnto rrsrtical rtag=«tioa in ,
f-.« '.*'.t»T part of the &»y tsd closed heavy
n-T*% r-fr» *%ry. Total pa!»s, par value.
• United ftetm l«w<».'w*re t:nph?.r.ceS en call.
New- York Stork IJsU
■32. F. Huttca & Cs., <3a Calj;crnia street.
tah Fraccisco. menbere of the New York 1
Etock LTxchi«;e. fumisii the foliowing official ;
<. -f '.;:> at tbeir _;::ir.;i :
.*6aJe».J BTOCICS] j^Higb:L©w.S Bid-! A«k.
Ufiaas E=CT.re*»..j I '236 £50
23.3<M A male «.x; ;.-r ..; 65»»j «44| 65 j C5U
..; Am Ctn C» j ( «§J 12
...!...; Do pfd j i--.-*. 614 S3
4.5f/y-,Am CkrAFyCbj S4*,! =34) 3S=iJ 24
ao») Po pra i ss^f ©241 r24i «j
<H.r>Atr. Cotton CU..J S6 l 2 ZS i «C i 37
. I Da pfd l...::| - « 87
-Aia liust Tel ...j j I 38 j Z3
Am Ei;irc» • 1 2fi» "21O ,
SOOAtn OrTwineO), 12 j Jl»i) 12 124
, Ara Hide & L.., | j [ lO'-i 10?,
• 4W, Do pfd : 44 >;• 4.14I 43%i 444
hv Aissrlcan Ice ...j 6v»j eu. «i- 6%i
1.1^ l>o P'd ; SSsJi! S7«; STVil SS>»
« Urn Llns**d ...j j ! 15 U
....•-..! Do pfd j 37 41
2.S<X>:Ati» Locomotive .; 34>4j 33%' 3r.i±\ S«
A »o r-rd :...' iic2% 103 \
...*....}Aa Ki!t ..j ! 9'-j\ €",
;-i Do pfd j J 254 23«i!
&K> Ara Sm & Rf Cc. fc»»il 78»;J 79%) M 1
.•..:.. .| Do F-d } las J1131; j
20.100 Am Sus*r '143 {141V14! V- 141 ;• «
...!...( Dopld : I (137 "il4O i
.....:.!Aai Tel & T Co.!. 1. ;i4« 1147
Am T<b pfd : <1«7 .143 .
'Am Woolen i." j ( 2O\i 21
A Do pid J.....1.....! »i4J m I
2W>Anacc!-ia ;I!» |1W OS (1C2
.;.:*... /ACS Arb^r }. }..... 22 » 34
..;.!..! Do pfd < c'ies
- »»• A T & S F j K»4! 84?i *3 J S5i;
rrmi Do pfd i«ni,.;ioi ;i«i »oi»»
«.lf«.' B*lt I: Chio ! JWUJ 83 I «&>;] 891; i
Do pfd >.....* I 93 i 96 !
,^ !Bay State Ge»..1...,.l j ?i! »i J
4.J^<''n rt T J 584! 53 ) m= s ! S9*. I
.... HrocX Vn Oas..;. 1 :2>O 1214 ,
l.«'-' D £ 1 i ll'.il U j ll'ii 11 s * I
,.. . *.,r!--UfrMt «'o ...' i.r...\ CU j €3
• vr :;Ces*<!a EonthTci 70 '. TO ! 70 j 71
1.5flm.'BjiaOIca Pacifir I3« :12a 1 ; i:2»'i 1123^
HJO>C.& O I «7^1 <«=;« -«C^i 47
3UT/C &*A..........j 43 ! 42? 4 ? 42Ut 43^
J I^o »m 1 :!.....! -ti I M
I,«iO.«: £. G TV J 2241 21Tt< 21^ij 22 :
.. - 1 l«o I-id A ' I ' OV ..7
• irml I*, t.M •«.....' 54«i! S4'i! .*«-,i 55
1 7.900C St A Bt P !160Vi;iCSU:i6Sli.l68i4
) l>o pfd 1 1 1S1 ,1S3
10 5«w C R I * P (B«w); 33=8' 321,1 33 i 33W
300! Do PM j t>5 I S5 t 84 S4»i
, Do 4s j ! j 80*;| tSUf«
5C<« Chicago 1>rm ..; 12 j 11^} ll» 4 j 12
000; Dc pfd j 22: 4 1 21»»! 22 ', 22'i
2,»fXi'Chi Un Trac ..i IO54] V\\ P s il 10i»
lfio; Do pfd J41 j 41 j S9HI 41
1 C C C 4 ft L..! '■ I UH 9<>ri
1 Do pfd t J115 ".110
a«v l & w 1 - C5 ! »*
i i Do pfd I ! 90 12O
l.SOO.Colo F &. Iron..', 45V 44 44»V 44»i
Do pfd !....'.<.- S5
i lOolum H C &. It ' 17 17H
IOO.C0I0 Southern hi 22V 22*; Z2%\ 2UH
&OC.J Do 1st pM ! :.9V 59*4 58^ «0
•Of*- Do 23 pfd ! SWgi 38 1 35\! 3«U
12,200Coa Gas 'l»i l'.J3ijil94% 1S5",
]Con Tob Co pfd. !...„ 127 12S*«
1.800 Corn Products ..1 20»»* 'JOS,! 20 2OH
400; Do pfd j TStj' 76=i! 79 79Vi
Del A Hudson |IK5H!157
D L A W I S29 J331
jDen * South..." \ !3SO '335
D A. R G 5 ! < 31 31H
WO Do pfd • SS ! S7H *? SS
DnMiFtD..! '..... 23 27
Detroit I'n Ry...J 774 78
:D«troit Southern ! ' 7 74
j ■ Do pfd ! ; '30 S3
: 'Diamond Match 1 ! 136 138
1.60OD1* Sees j 37. ) 364 1 36% 374
j Do Bonds .......... 37 «7$»
:D S S * A I • 13 14
! Do pfd ! { \ 25 25",
T.lOOErie 36*' 36H .18 364
l.Of>0: Do 1st pfd I 74Sl 73s! 74 74V»
2,^001 Do 2d pfd .... 54V, IS'% 54 544
...E & T H .........* 66 67
I Do rfd i I S3 • »0
Ft W & D C...J I ! 3« 1 30
100;Gen Electric im IKS il*3 |1W
SOCGt North pfd ..240 I24A !236 242
S3.0C0,Green Con Cop. 24 1 23 1 24 244
Havana Tob Co.' ] | 31 S5
j Do pfd !-->.. 41 45
(Hocking Val ...] t J>0 *1 .
100, Do pfd ( 94 i 93 I J*3 ! P5
LOOOnilnois Cent ..Jl53»;:i534'153«i;153*i
1.0CO ( IateT Paper { 24i«i 24 1 24 1 244
1.100, Do pfd 1 7T4! 77 ' 764) 774
600|Inter Power i 704! 634 ! 69 j 694
Inter Pump 1 f 39 40
.......| Do pfd Lj I; Si j 87
(Iowa Central ..{ 1 1 28 129
) Do pfd J 1 55Vij .*.«
IKina & Mich ..(..;..] j 36 J 37
iK C F S 4- M pf .;...' J 81 ! 82U
'Kan City South. ...'..1 2$ I 2S4
1,000| Do pfd 11.83 I 52 52 1524
;Kw>kuk & De. M! 14 17
.Lac Gas p*d...j J 90 126
lOOiL E A- W. I 41 I 4OU! 404! 41
I Do pfd I i * us ,if2
'Long Inland 1 1 t 55 j 62
2,6«> Louis A Nash...;iS9«i!l?»S4 lSS»i l.T9»4
2.00dManhattan '163 .162 il62 !164
tManhartan Beachl | J »4| 11
LOon'MrtropcIitan Sec 7»Ui 7^4* 78% 79
LaOOMet gt Ry 120% i 121 il214
8, 100, Mexican Central. j 204 1 l»»i! 20SI 20*»
Mlna & St L...I.....I j 58 I C2
i Do 1st pfd 1 j ! »1 ....'.
S00 M. St P A S S Mi 90 I 89 ! H» I 90
i Do pfd ! ! 1464,1474
4O0 Mo. Kan A Tex.) 314J 30U 1 30 i 304
! Do pfd j I I 62 j CJ
8,<*Y) Missouri PaciHc'incU 1054 ; 105»;:1054
20n;Nash.-C A St L. '145^ 1145 -145 !146
400 National Lead...! 244) 23\! 23% 23«i
' Do pfd « 1 1 664 »7?»
!Ntl R R Mex pfdi j j 40 404
'National Biscuit.! J.....J 56«i 57^
• Do pfd ..j ) his !1164
,jX>«- J*T*eT Cen. 1 ; ;i3O >I9l ■
>N T Air Brake.! I !153 J62
4,500 New Tork Cen. . ]140U!l3»4ll.-»S \38<i
',N T. C A St L.f \.....\ 43 I 45
; Do 1st rfd ! ] jiio J120
J Do 24 pfd I I f 75 j 78
New York Dock.j I J IS j 24
!N T. N H * H.I 1 1B54'1964
700'N T. Ont * W.j 404! 40 ) 40 404
1.S00 Norfc'.k A West.; 7S4! 78 • 7<54 754
! Do pfd ; j ! 92 I 94
200 North American. !100 H00 jlOrt !101
11.000 Northern Secs...!l294;i2S !12S |l2SH
jOmaha ( I J150 (156
j Do pfd ;187 <1J«
O B L 4s '104 1044
Pacific Coast ) 77 j 79
) Do 1st pfd ....! .1 SS 1104
j Do 2d pfd ( : ! 804; S3»i
'Pacific Mail * : 414] 424
23.200 Penn R R Co. . .:136H135»i 135T* 136
1,*OC> Peoples Ga* 1106 ilCSiallOSSJlOS*;
!Per«- Marquette..! J 75 | SO
300;P. C. C & St L.I 764t 75>4! 75 77
] Do pfd * 5105 !lO7
iPressed Steel Car' 1 ] 3S41 39
' Do pfd ■-••-( «» ! »0
IPullman Car Co.' j 233 236
500 Ry steel Springs 32 f 32 J 314! 324
I Do pfd I 914! 93
65.300 Reading 774! 75a«i 7C. 1764
700 Do 1st prd Bl I »04t 904 91
200! Do 2d pfd S2 i 814 81 I 52
400:Republic S * I..J 16^ \ 16 1«4I 164
; Do pfd j C74j 69
60d Rubber Goods...! 2€4i 29 25%t 264
I Do pfd 1 j..... 92 94
j !S1ob» SS&ICo 50H« CO
i 1 Do pfd ! ilOO {104U
I 6t J & O 1 j IS 17
I Do lrt pfd 53 5S
I Do 23 pfd ' 24 23
St LiS F 1ft pfd! 74 76
! Do 2d c:d ...i — :;..... 6S4 674
SOT. St L & S W ...j 24*ij 23«4 21 24»4
.1 Do pfd ' ! 55 50*;
10.100 Southern Pac .. 63Ui «24 «2<£! 62*i
i Do pM !H8=i:il%i«|llSi4 11M,
2.700 Southern Ry ...^ 34 ! 33"i| 3T.s;! .T.-i
D.i pfd ! ! j ftf.'ii m%
'Standard Oil ...\ ' 650 (63S
4no«tar.dard RAT, 241 24 SIJI 3 ,
4.5<«?Te:in C& Iron! 71 ! C9»ij e»«4i 70
Texas P L T Cc! I 34 r.S (
2<Xi Texas Pacific ...i 3* j 34 I C34J :n
200 Third Avenue ...!133 '132 tS2 !134
;TolMo R * T Co' ' ) 22-i! 23'i
j Toledo St L A W; I -"»4 3«
200! Do pfd B3H! 63*ii »H 53', 1
Twin City R T.. ' 5105 106 •
' Do Pfd ! !. 106 1004 1
Union B & Paperj.....!..-... 10 1 104
f Do pfd ..:...{ {..... 72 I 75
23.500 Union Pacific . .]110K : 103*i \Q»^.VK*K
4C0' Do p'd '96 f 854} 95*41 954
! D-cc3v4s.. 106 !ll4
United <"opper ..! 1 14
Ur.iud R of E F j t 20 22
' Do prd ! 1 .] C5 I 66
! Do 45 ' .i 1.S74 8S
j 50C.C S Cast I Pipe.: \*i±\ W a \ IS 18'i
SW Do p!<J J 73?i:.73 1 ii 79^i 794
lU S Express | J518 125
1.700 U SLnlhw J -144! 14 'i 14 I 144
9.400 Do pfd ,101>i|100'i!l014 1C1U
U S R& Czn pfd'.....j...:. 7S RO
'U S Rubber .! (.....! 314 S2^i
1.4Cf» Do pfd i 94vii 83 I 94 - .84^
20.590'U S Sterl Cor... 2S"il 2S4! 2S 2sU,
»,4V^! Do pfd 1 91H! »0 5 4l 9C*i 90"i
500!Va-Car Chem Cc! 42 I 414' 41 41U
! Do prd } j 1112 113V.
. l»Waba£h » 21",! 2l=i 21?i 2I~;
20f>| Do pfd I 424! 42?,! 42 424
...I Do'dcb B« *..! !.....! ««4 G7'i
IWells Fargo Ex.!.....! ',*X7 243
1C«>. Western Union..! 924' »2%* 05tij 5«::'i
200'WesiinshoUFe ...!!«> !1S9 11S0 • \l$~.
! Do Jft P'd ...1 1 J190 1196
IW & L E I ! .! 184' 194
j DoMpfi...' ' ! «r» I »«
I Do « prd ...j ' \ 26 2S
lOOiWifconsin Cen ..1 21 T i| 21«JI 214 22
I Do pfd ... ...i.... .J.....1 444 454
529,400— Total rh«re« »olfl.
Xew York Bond.*. .
U S ref 2s reg..lfH%!L & N ur.ISed 4s.lO-.«4
Do coupon l"! ! i J'i;; con gold ts.105
Do Z* reg KH'iJM'X Central 4s... "C^ij
Do coopon Ift4'i! Do I«t lnc.'..i^2l*i j
Do new 4t- reg.ino s i'J-lr.n & J-t L 4*.. 974 1
Do cou7>en......l30Si!M. K & Texas 4s.lCW- )
Do old 4s reg.lO5V Do 2ds ........ r Mri
1 Do coupon-. ...10C»i'NR of Mex con 48.- 81^5 J
Atrh gen 4s 1C2^4IN r C gen 3!«s.;101 .,
Do a«J 4s 94>ilN J C gen" 5s» .. .13<PV
AUtrUc C L 4s. flSMJXor Pacific 4s 1C5U'
Bait & Ohio U.-IT-M* Do 3s 75
Do 34s 95 ,'Nor & W con 4e.l01 ■
Centrtl of Ga 5s.H1 (OSL 4s' &' partlc.lOl ' <
Do let Inc 92H:Pa ccnv 34s.... .102% I
Ches & Ohio 4^F.107>J'ne£dinir B en 4s...lO2*t
CM & Alton 34s. *2 fS L A I II con Ss-llCH '
C. B * O new 4«.1CO -iS L A S F fg 4s. K»?i j
CM ft FPn 43.112 iSt Louia SW lete. 874
C 4 .W.' ocn 7«.1?» (Seaboard A L 4s. M
C. R I * Pac 4r. f^TijFo Pacific 4* S4
r»j> ml ."> 83 li. I So Railway 5s. ...119
C.C.C A Sljzn is.101 JTex & Pac 1st*..119i{
CM Trem -J* K"i iTol. St L & W 4s. K
Cor* Tobacco 4s. 75 'Union Paclflc- 4s.106Vi
Colo & Po 4s S2U5 Do conr 4i?; 110H
r Ftltcn Ss. W tU S Steel 2<S Ss.. 9l»i
Den * R!o G 4».1O2 SWabfirh l»ts 1174 j
Erie rrl'T 1i?n 4r.lfrlU' Do «lrb B ..... «7
D*» rtn <• ..... fll«4'W i L I>1« O...-P*".- I
V V.' A- n C lsU.107ii!W!s Central 4s... 9T ',
Hork Val 4'ie...lll I ,
Xe«- York Mining Stocks. ;
AdSE5 Con .,. 20: Little Chief ..... »5 '
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY. DECEMBER 23. 1904.
jAlice .....; eojontario 3 75
j SJE?* ■ 07;Ophir 335
. Brurs Con <0:phoenix OS
j Com Tunnel <is!p o to?i '2
; <.on Cal & v&... 1 40?avage 16
j Hern Silver 1 .V. c.erra Nevada "7
' t ".. S1Iver 1 90 Small Hopes 25
I Lead vine Con 02' Standard 2 <4>
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money — -\j g .Steel.... 2«
Call loans 3 Qt] Do pM »&tt
Time loans 3=4© j; Westing Common. »0
Bonds— Mining—
Atchison Is If 1=4! Adventure 6%
Do ftdj 4« B3%|AUoacx 17^
Mex Central 4s... 75 lAina! Copper P5T 8
Railrccds— !Amcr Zinc 12
Atchison $5'i! Atlantic 154
Do pfd KOVEingham .TJ-'V;
Bo*to:i & Albany.!'.-.;; ;r a iuinet & Hecla.639
I'Ot'on A Maine. 1704: Centennial £n;
B<^ tc;; Elcv l £*.< '» I Copper Rsnge ... «4
Fitchburg pfd 140 IDaly West 11 -*i
M« Centra! COlJ'Dom Coal 64
N V. X H & K.. 0C IFranilin l«*i
P/re Marqjetic... 7G iGrancy i'~
tr.Ion PaciCc lOS^ilste Rovalo 24 4
aiisce'.lan«-ous — /Mass Mining 84
I Amer Arge Chem. 21 ! Michigan 9
Do P« S«: iMohawk 4S
i Amer Pneu Tube. .'lUlMont Coal A Coke ±'k
■ Amer Sugar 141%;O:d Dominion ...^44
: Do yia 1.-.R lOsreoia fll
rArr.«r Tel & T*1.14S iTarrot 20
I An-.er Woo!*a ... 20U'.';har.non S'i
1 Dj> pfd MtfJQolney 1C5
*S?P Ir - a & s ■■• 1" 4 Tamarack 11<!
j r.3 K>ct n«um;ija3 '(Trinity g>i
! Mass Electric 1.1 1U S Mining 23'i
, ,,Do pM r,7 It: S Oil 11
Ma«« Gas .rr?i!Utah 41
United Firit JOT 'Victoria 4U
Un Sbn» S!ach... . r ..1 Ivrincna 11
I>o P'd 31 J Wolverine 104
Ixjndon Cioslns Stock?.
Cons money... .?s 1-16JN T Central 1434
Do acct ....*S 13-1 6' Xor & Western... « : 04
Ar.3con<!a 5i;| j) o r fi y>04
! Atchlson K74 Ont & Western... M^i
i ~ ° t '- <1 l(»Ai i Pennsylvania 69*;
; Bait & Ohio lOe^lRiBd Mine* Il4
i r«n Paclfi,- lSoaj; Reading r:fli;
i Ches & Ohio 4SIJI r>o 1st prd *ZU.
5-Si l ;r at Wm; -- —»«! Do 2d pfd...... 41 '4
£hl. Mil & St P.17::=;!So Railway 34%
I> Be*rs ir,t;r rjo nM ........ Pfl
Den A Rio G.... 314!So Pacific 69
Do pfd s>o jiv.!o n Pacific 112%
Eri* 174' Do pfd 9«
1 Do 1st pfd 76 lU S Steel 2!»U
;_ P« =<5 Vta 53 I Do pfd 94.
j HI Central l.VHIXVabash 224
Louis & Na«h.... 143 I Do pfd 41'i
; M. K A Texas... 31 4'Spanish 4s R9»^
Bar »ilrer— Steady: 2S 3-lGd per ounce.
Money— 2465 per cent.
i7^ e r?,^ °. f discount in the open market for
fhort bills is 2 15-16$.T per cent and for
three months* bills 2~>ifj~2 li-16 per cent. .
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 22.— To-day's trea£
j Xe»r Vork Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 22.-OOTTDN_Futures
■ closed dull. December 7.16c; January 7 20?-
I February. 7.28c; March, 7.38c; April. 7.44c;
Mcy. 7.4»c; June. 7.57c; July. 7.61c
. Future* or»ned easy. December 7 ISc-
January. 7.21e: February, 7.32c: March. 7 4<k: :
A^ril. 7.42c; May. 7.5rtc: June. 7.61c; July
..64c: August. 7.63c; September. ; Octo
ber, 7-COc
_ Spot, cotton closed quiet. Mi-Idling uplands
..w»c; middling Gulf. 7>V. Sales, 40*> bales. '
Xew York Grain and Produce.
NEW TORK, Dec. 22— FLOUR— Receipts ,
2C.2T0: exports. 12.500. Steady, but quiet.
WHEAT— Receipts. 57.0t*>: spot, steady; No.
2 r*d, nominal, elevator; No. 2 red, $J 1S4 f. o.
b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth.' $1 22?i f o
b. afloat: No. 1 hard Manitoba, $1 OS f. o' h'
afloat. Options opened steady on unfavorable
Argentine weather news, steady cables and
smalkr Northwest receipts. Later they easeO
off under prospects for liberal Argentine ship
ments and liquidation, closing partly \ t c net
lower. May. *1 12«,<51 134. closed $il2'i-
J^fl^ei 03U. closed $102fi; December,'
HIDES — Quiet.
WOOL— Firm.
PETROLEUM— Steady.
8UGAR— Raw. firm. Refined, firm.
COFFEE— The market for coffee futures
closed steady, net unchanged to 10 points
higher. Sales were reported of 3O4.7M) bags,
including-: January. 7.. ':367.55c- February 7 70
e7.75c: March. 7.7C«i7.05e: May. 7J900S 2f)c-
June. «.C5c; July. S.lCt#iV30e: Augusu S.45c;
September. 8.S5^S.60c; November, S.450V 50c
Spot— Rio. eteady.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market .«nows
HtUe change. Demand is moderately good and
good fruit is well held. Common are quoted at
3464J.C: prime, at 4>:.^4?ic; choice, at Z.Q
54c: fancy, at «©64c.
PRUNES— Are receiving little attention lo
cally, but th*re seems to be little pressure o:
offerings, and the tone pf the market is steady
at quotations ranging from 2#2*,c, according
to grade.
APRICOTS— Are selling at recent prices
Choice are held at 10c; extra choice. 104Bllc
fancy. ii'-ei5c. w "°!
PEACHES— Also in moderate demand with
choice quoted »4c; extra choice, 104&10*»c
fancy. 114612c.
Xew York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. 22.— The London tin
market ruled firmer, with spct advancing
about a pound, whi> futures gained half as
much, the former closing at £133 5s and the
latter at £1S1 10s. This steadied the local
market, which, however, continued quiet ar.d
closed at ?2»@29 25.
Copper was unchanged at £fl« for spot,
while futures were a shade lower at £G6 6s 3d
la the London market. Locally the market
was dull and nominally unchanged. Lake is
quoted at $14 S7|iOlS 12'J: electrolytic at
?14 75ft ID 12U, and c«ting at $14 5O314 75.
L**d was unchanged at $4 6034 70 in the '■
local market. London reported a slight ad
vance, with spct closing at £12 llg 3d.
Spelter also was unchanged locally wh»r»
spat is quoted at $5 7530 8? 4. The London
quotation remains at £24" 12s 6d.
Iron closed at 02s 6d in Glasgow and at 4!)g
5a Middlesboro. Locally Iron was unchanged
and firm; No. 1 foundry Northern, No 1
foundry Southern and No. 1 foundry soft are
quoted at $17 25^17 75; No. 2 foundry North
em at *I« 50f?17 25. - - -
CHICAGO BOARD OF TRADE.
Future Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO. Dec. 22.— Indications of Increasing
shipments fron: Argentina had a weakening !
influence en the -wheat maiket here to-day
At the close Mey wheat was off 14 c. The
wheat market was strong at the opening May t
bring up He to *ic at $1 Il"£ to $1 124. !
-Strength at Liverpool resulting from a report
Cf unfavorable harvest weather in Argentina !
was the principal source of the Initial firmness.
For a time there was active buying by com
mission houses anfl bull trader*. Shorts were
urgent bidders for the December delivery, caus
ing a sharp upturn in the price of that mon;h.
Beiore the- demand was satisfied May had ad
vanced to $1 12* B . Northwestern receipts were
net quite satisfactory to the bulls. As the
session prcgresterl considerable pressure of i
Decsmber o-ferings developed, caunlrg a re- '
action. Later in the day the declirie in that '
Oelivery became quite pronounced and in con- <
sequence distant futures were materially af
fected. Reclizing sales by pit traders sent
the price of May.down to $1 11 ?4- Argentine
exports fcr the Vcek were estimated bv a '
British crop expert at 1.2CO.00O bushels, and ]
as the previous week's shipments were 8tj4,O0O j
bushels soir.e selling was done on that account. |
The market clcsed easy, with May at $1 11 4. I
Covering of December by shorts* caused a ]
firm tone. in the corn market «atl? in the day.
Mar opened uncharged to '.ic hlpher at 45%c I
to 45% c. Fold oft to 45?»c and closed at the )
loser point. <
The feafjre cf the trading in oats was tht '
buying of July by a local provision interest.
May opered a shade higher at 314c. sold be
tvrctn =l*i«jr.iuc and 314@31Hc and closed
at 31
The market for provisions was dell -and 1
tendency cf pricts was downward. At the j
tics* ll*y pork was off 5c. lard was down 24c
and rib* were 54?74c loyer.
The leading futures ranged ss follows: ■
Wheat No. 2—
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
December 1 1«"4 1 144 1 104 1 104
I May 1124 112% 111% 1 114 i
July ..> 9S«4 08!i 9S4 884 1
Corn Vo. 8 —
December 47'i 47% 45T4 4T,%
May 45»i 45% 4f>4 4=3
July 46 46 45% 45=1
Oats No. 3 —
December 29 »i 2J»»i 2»>4 23%
May S14 31H ?,\V. 31 4
July 314 31%' Sl*5 3114
. '. Mess Pork, oer bbl—
January 12 50 12 55 12 524 12 55
May 12 824 12 V2M 12 &74 12 874
j Lard, oer 100 lbs —
, January fi 85 6 874 « R5 6 S5
! May 7 124 7 124 7 10 7 124
i' Short Ribs, per 100 lbs *■• -
i May 6 724 « 724 6 674 6 70
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO. .Dec 22.— Cash quotations were
a? follow*: Flour, steady. No. 2 spring
wheat $1 OS«J1 15: No. 3, 8Sr£$l 12; No. 2
rtd. $1 12i.ii§l 17; No. 2 corn. 46640U. C ; No. 2
yellow. 46J*464c; No. 2 oats, 29«tc: No. 2
white. 214c: No. 3 white. 304631 4c: No. 2
rye. 73c: trcod feeding barley. «7@3ftc; fair to
choice malting. 41©^Sc: No. -1 ftex seed. $1 16;
No. I Northwestern. $1234: prime timothy
teed. $2 724: mee* pork, per bbl. $11 3&311 45;
lard, per 100 lbs. $6 SO; short ribs tides tloose;,
$0 25(16 75; abort dear sides (boxed), $S CSUfr
0 73: whisky, baris of high wines, fl 24; clover,
contract crade, $12 73.
Articles. Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbl- :^.;«)O 17.280
V.'heal. b-J S4.-O0O 79,100
<*orn. bu V..'.'t5S3."00 -• 245.7CO
Oats, bu , .124,«<tf> 107,200
Rye. bu 2.CO0 4.CC0
Barley, bu 125,700 27,200
Butler. Clicese and Eggs.
■ CHICAGO. Dec. 22.— On the Produce Ex
change to-day butter merket firm; creameries,
lC@2G»jc; dairies. lC@22c. Eggs — Steady at
mark, cases included, 194?20e. Cbeese — Steadv,
11612c.
CATTLE, SHEEP AXD HOGS.
Chicago.
CHICAGO. Dec 22.— CATTLE— Receipt^
S500; steady. Good to prime steers. $6 1067;
poor to medium, $3 P5Jj*5: stockers and feeders,
$•-! 10^4 20; cows. $1 25@4 4(1; heifers, $2©j;
canners, $1 2592 40; bulls. ?2g.4; calves, S3@
6 75: Western steers, ?3 50g5.
HOGS— Receipts. S2.000; to-morrow. 40,000.
Market weak and lower. Mixed and butchers'.
?4 3.">*74 CO; good to choice heavy. ?4 Z*)6t4 65;
rough heavy. $4 3(^4 40: light. $4 20®4 40.
SHEEP — Receipts. 15.000; «rcng. Good to
choice v.ether?. ?4 55£5 10; fair to choice
mixed. ?3 5C@4 50: Western sheep. S3 5&S
5 15; Western Icrnb?, S5ffO 75.
Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY, Dec. 22.— CATTLE— Re
cf'its. 3<>"0; steady. Native steers, $3 50©
6 50; native cows ar.d heifers. $1 5O@5; stock
ers and feeders, ?2 5O@4 10; bulls. $234;
calves. J3@6 50; Western steers. $365; West
ern cows, }1 7553 50.
HOGS— Receipts. 10.000; weak to 5o lower.
Bulk of sales, ?4 SCvg4 60; heavy, $4 60®
4 05: packers, $4 4O@4 6Q;. pigs- and lights,
?3 7."?i4 50.
SHEEP — Receipts. 10fK); steady. Muttons,
T45JF-5 25: lambs. <3£6 50: range wethers, $4S>
5 60; fed ewes, ?3 50@4 50.
Omaha.
OMAHA. Xebr., Dec. 22— CATTLE— P^
celpts. 1500; steady to strong. Western steers.
T2 ;t<>54 7o: T?ras steers. f2 75@3 75: cows
and hrifers, S2 2-"S" <iT>: stockers and feeders.
?2 4(^4; calves. S3© 5 50.
HOGS — ReceljjtF. 13.0«>: 5c lower. Heavy.
?4 .1554 '40; mixed. ?4 35@4 40; light, ?4"4O@
4 45; pic. 3 .<4@4 35.
SHEEP— Receipts. lbOO: active. 10c higher.
Western yearlings. ?4 S0©5 80; wethers, $4 60
@5 25; ewes, ?3 75^4 35.
5IISCELTi.\XEOUS ]VfARKETS.
Forelen Piitiires.
LIVERPOOL.
"Wheat — March. May.
Opening 7 l«Hi T l(i
CScislng: .7 IS 7 1%
PARIS.
• Wheat— Dec. Mar. -June.
Openicg 23 60 24 S5
Closing 23 «5 24 60
Flour—
Opening 3100 32 35
ClosiDg 3105 32 55
St. Txnii.s Wool Market. -
ST. LOUIS. Dec. 22. — Wool — Nominal. Ter
ritory and Western me<iluir.£, 21<522c; fine me
dium, 17«me; fine. 16@f^c.
Northern Wheat >Iarket.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Dec. 22.— WHEAT: Export-
Walla Walla, Sic; Bluestem, K5c. Milling —
Walla Walla. S5c; Bluestem. M>69flc; Valley.
S7c. Eactern market — Walla Walla. S3®S5c;
Blueetem. S>Cc.
WASHINGTON
TACOMA. Dec. 22.— WHEAT— Unchanged
BJuestem. HSc; Club. SJie.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. Des. 22.— Clearings, $657,914;
balance?. S7.",44.V
TACOMA. Dec. 22.— Clearings, $5S5.4S4;
balance.*. $C5.07G.
PORTLAND. Dec. 22. — Clearings, $609,834;
balances. *v3.212.
SPOKANE, Dec. 22.— Clearings, $433,013;
balarces=, $47,417.
LOCAL MARKETS
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. $4 «1 • O —
Sterling Exchange sight 4 S74@ —
Sterling Exchange, cable* ...... 4 S7» 4 © —
New York Exchange, sight 024@ —
New Tork "Exchange, telegraphic 05 @ — »•
Silver. i>er ounce VlK&i —
Mexican Dollars 50 © 61
INTERNATIONAL.
New York cn<Parls 5.15
New York on Mexico 2024
Paris en London 25.16.
Berlin on London 20.37*i
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— There was not much change any
'where yesterday — here, in the East or in Eu
rope. The local market continues to Jiang are.
like the weather, and the holiday season tends
to keep thing? very dull.
The Grain Exchange yesterday voted to ad
3ourn from Friday afternoon to Tuesday morn
ing, over Christmas.
The Portland Oregonian says: ' 'Eastern
shipment to date has aggregated about 15,000.
000 bushels, while only fl.5CO.0C0 bushels have
been exported by water. Exporters believe
that when the ships now in port under charter
are dispatched the grain shipping year will
practically come to a close. It is figured that
only 3.O00.0C0 to 5,000,000 bushels of Wheat
remained unsold In the Northwest, and thi*
quantity will probably find its way to the
Eastern States. '
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, $1 45fil 524; California
White Australian. $1 «)@1 C2u : Northern
Club. $1 50$l 55: Northern Bluestem, $1 eoe
1 C24; Northern Red. $1 474 per ctL
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Cloee
May $1 43a; $1 434 $1 43S $1 43*4
December — No sales.
Dec. Uf*J5) .. 1 32 1 32 1 32 1 32
2 ""p. m. Session.
• Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 43S $143*,, $1434 $1434
BARLEY — This market shares the general
quietude incidental to the close of the year and
values remain about the same from day to
day.
CASH BARLET,
Feed. $1 124@1 35;- Brer,-! ng and Shipping
$1 17'-;@1 20; Chevalier. $1 1561 •£> per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session fe-to 11:30 a. m.
May— No sales; $1 CS"i bid. $1 (js^ asked
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 (i»4 $1094-1109 $1 C9
OATS— Dealers continue tcr report a very
firm and bare market for Red. with White
and Black firmly held and in moderate supply.
White. $1 45«jl 574; Surprise, $1 55ei 00;
Red for feed, $1 4o^rl 50 for No. 1 ani
$1 VJSil 424 for No. 2; choice, for seed
$1 :.<>Ul I",:.: Black $1 30@l 35 for feed and
$1 456? 1 e2»i for eeed.
CORK — Quotations continue to show a wide
range, according to age and dryness, and the
market is quiet and weak.
Western sacked. $14031 424 for old and
$1 27%$1 30 for new Yellow. , White and
Mixed: old California Tellow and White $1 4tt
<?1424: new California lanre Yeilow $l*274ij
1 30: email round do, $1 65@1 so"- White
$127^61-50; Egyptian. 51 SS© 137 4 for
White and $1 17»i@l 20 for Brown.
RTB — In light offering and firm at $1 4"tie
1 474 Per ctl. ""*
BUCKWHEAT— $1 50©l 75 per ctl,'
Flour mul MiiistulTs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 S0@
5 10, usual terms : Bakers' E Extras, $4 7G@5 ;
Ore,gon and Washington. Jobbing at $l@l G()
per bbl.
MILLSTirFFS — Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 25; Rye Meal, $3; Ri ce Flour'
$7; Corn Meal, ?2 50 ; extra cream do. SI CO-
Oat Meal, $4; Oat Groats, $4 Ho: Hominy
$3 C0Q3 85; 'Buckwheat Flour. 54 25; Cracked
Wheat. $3 75; Farina, $4; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oat*; bbl?. $9 7Z.@7 50; In
sacks. $4 25; Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas,
boxes, $5 50; Green Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
llav ami Foodstuffs.
All descriptions under this head remain un
changed. Fred?tuff» belns firm and Hay steady
BRAN— $20322 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $25*i 2$ per ton.
SHORTS— $20622 per ton.
FEEDSTUKFS— P.olled Barley. ?24©24 50 per
ton; Oilcake- Meal at the mill/ $31 S0e3" 50'
Jobbing, S33: Cocoanut Cake. $23@-24; Cocoa
nut Meal. $24§25: Corn Meal. $31 508U:
Cracked Corn, $32®S2 SO; Mixed Feed, f'J2'4
23; Horse Beans, $3C@49 per ton: Broom
Corn Feed ; 00c per ctl. .
HAY — Wheat." $0@14 00: Wheat and Oat,
?9@13 50; Oat. $9@12; Barley and Oat. fSftlO-
Volunteer Wild Oat. ?7©I0: stable, $3810-'
stock. ?5 S0S7; Clover. $7610; Alfalfa jafil"
per ton. * , •
STRAW — 35@C0c per bale.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WN&PAIi MININ&
j&NimmscoimcH]
> v7»c pig Board flQ
fAaj dectclcer/oUsi'iite leading}
XjJTOCKJin the <3bnvedic!rict£\
CA II **Z9*++ g P.M. 1
Beans and Seeds.
Dullness still prevails and no movement is
looked for until after the holidays.
BEANS— Bayos, 52 50&3: Pea. $31x3 59;
Butter. $503 So; Email white. $3@3 3i; large
White. $2 40@2 60; Pink. $2 75@3 50; Red. *4 25
©1 50; Una. $4 10©4 2u; Red Kidneys. $3 60®
4; Blackeye-, $2 35@2 50 per ctl; Horse Beans,
SI fc5<32 40.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal — no good
lot* offering; Yellow Mustard. SVi@31ic; Flax.
S2Q2 75; Canary, G&c; Alfalfa. 12U©13c:
Rape, l^eiliic; Timothy, 5»4c; Hemp. 3>.i@
S*ic per lb: Millet. 2*iQ3 J ,ic: Broom Corn
Seed. (20^21 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Sties. $1 75g2 50; Green
P«as. $1 75@2 SO per cU.
Potatoes. Onion- and Vegetables.
There were no changes in prices of Potatoes
or Onion*. The market was absolutely devoid
or feature, the demand being light and I sup
plies of all grades fully up to requirements.
Southern vegetables were In increased supply
I and inclined to easiness. Peas and String
j Keans were the most plentiful descriptions and
I were qucteJ lower. Southern Green Peppera
weri cftVrirx in email quantities and sales
wera rt-rortrU at 5c per pound. Mushrooms
■were in frecMiuply and weak.
POTATOES— Burbanks from the river, 40©
EOc'per ctl; Salinas Burbanks. $1 15@1 45 per
ctl; Oregon Burbanks, 75c® 1 10 per ctl: River
Reds. ewj70» per ctl; Early Rose. $1 lOtfl 25
per ct!; Sweet Potatoes, CCgS5c.
ONIONS^-$2 40g? CO per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas. 4©6c per lb;
f-tring Bean? S^lCc per lb; Wax Beam. 8@
lCc; Tomatoes. $2 25©2 50 per box cr crate;
Summer Squash S5c$Sl per box; Hothouse
Cucumbers, $1 "per dozen; Cabbage. 50c per
ctl; Carrots. 5CfiC5c per sack; Garlic. "QSa per
lb; Egg Plant 5@7c per lb for southern; Dried
Peppers, rt.minal: Green Peppers. 5c per lb
for southern: Mushrooms 10@15c per lb; Mar
rowfat and Hubbard Squash, $SglO per ton.
Poultry nn«l Game.
Receipts of dressed Turkeya from domestic
ehipplnp points were comparati\ - ely light, ag
gregating only tl tons for the day. and the
! market had a steadier tone In consequence.
' Buying was spirited for a few hours after the
; opening and higher prices were readily ob
{ tained for choice offerings, with occasional
i *ales of se:<v.-t:-u stock at a slight premium.
, Traoe betaire rather quiet toward noon, as
j many buyers were holding off expecting heav
j !«r recei;>tr to-day. The market closed steady,
i -with fancy cfierings pretty well cleaned up.
' Several cars of Eastern chilled stock were re
1 ceived. three of which were placed on the
market. This stock sold off fairly, but prices
w«t* unsettled. Live Poultry was quiet, but
receipts were light and prices were well main
tained Czme was in fair request and Mal
lard. Canvasback and Sprig .Ducks were
j quoted higher.
; POULTRT — Dressed Turkeys. 22@25c per lb
, for local and 20©ZJ4c for Eastern; Live Tur
i keys. 20©21c per lb: Geese, per pair,
! »2g-J 25; G»3lings. $2 25igr2 60: Duck?, $5$6
1 per dozen for old and ?6@7 for young;
I Hens, *4©1 50 for small a n3 $S «t@6 for large;
young Roosters. $5 S0^r6: old Roosters. $4@
4 TK>; Fryers. J4 5Cg5; Broilers. {2 50^3 50;
Pigeons. $1 25; Squabs. $1 75g2.
GAME— Mailer* Ducks. 12 5<ig4 per doien;
1 Canvasback, S.1Q4 5<>; Teal $1«|1 25: Sprig,
' t\ 50^2 W] -Widgeon $1 2501 50; Red Heads.
j $2: small Duck.«. ?l«n 50; Gray Geese. $2@"i;
White Geese, *161 60; Brant. $162: Honkers.
$3g5: Snipe, $2 00 lor English and $ 1 50 fo*
[ commen: Doves, $1 ?5; Hare, $1 75; Rabbits.
j $2 for Cottontails and $1 50 for Brush.
Butter. Cheese and Eggs.
' There were no further changes in quotation*
I yesterday. Both Butter and Eggs sold off
i satisfactorily at full figures and dealers had
■ no complaint to make of trade. Cheese was
1 also steady. All three markets were feature
1 lees.
Receipts were 37,20(» lbs Butter. 493 cases
Eggs «nd 3S,50O lbs Cheese.
li UTTER— Creamery * l first bands. 25c fca
extras and 22©H4c for lower to medium grades;
j dairy, 'Mti'Slc; cold storage, nominal: store
1 Butter, nominal: Eastern cubes, nominal; East
' ern ladle-packed. 15@l<3c. *
CHEESE — 11&114C for choice mild new and
; 10@10i!,c fcrold; cold storage, 104©llc; Young
j Americas, 12Q124c: Eastern. lOiilSc per lb.
j EGGS— Ranch. 8C;?40c for good to choice.
■ 41@424c for large white selected and
1 for common; store Eggs, 2Ss@;$0c: cold storage,
J2j$5Oc; Eastern. 25&2Sc for choice. 22024c for
I standards and l»#21c for second's.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruit*.
There was some little improvement in th«
demand for Oranges, as local dealers were
commencing to stock up tor the holiday trade,
but' supplies were still far in exctjs cf re
quirements and prices showed no improvement.
Th* other Citrus fruits were plentiful and
quiet: at unchanged rates. Trade in Apples
was fair. but. although receipts were light,
there was no scarcity of supplies, and previous
prices still ruled for all grades. Receipts of
Strawberries consisted of two chests of Long
worths and 14 chests of the large varieties.
The Longworths brought $10 per cheat and the
large berries sold from $3 to $5 per chset.
Seme Cornlchon and Verdel Grapes were re
ceived and, being of good quality, met with
ready sale at $1 75 per crate.
STRAWBERRIES— $3610 p^r chest.
CKANBEKB1ES— $9611 per bbj. for.Xo. 1
and $C£$ for inferior Eastern and $2 7S&3 per
box for Coon Bay.
APPLES — 90c€$l 25 per box for fancy and
5CgS5c for common to choice; Lady Apples.
$1 25@2 per box.
PEARS— Winter Nellis. $1 50S1 75 per box;
cooking varieties. 50c@$l per box.
PERSIMMONS— 506«5c per bcx.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, Nav«ls. Il£2 per
box; Seedlings. $75c«J$l; Tangerines, 75c for
small and $1 fcr large boxes; Japanese Man
darins, $16125 per box; Lemons, $2 5092 75
for fancy. $1 754f2 23 for choice and $1©1 50
for standards: Grape Fruit. $1 75$2 50; Mexi
can Limes, $4 per case; Bananas, $263 per
bunch for Central American and $1©2 for Ha
waiian; Pineapples. $1 5C@3 per dozen.
Dried Fruits. Xuts, Raisin?, Jloney.
FRUITS — Apricots. Sgllc for Royals and
10S124C for Moorparks; Nectarines, 64gS4;
for white and 64@74c for Red; Peaches 7&«S
fe*ic per lb: Pears, 7® 12c; Plums, pitted. tt«l
64c for blacks, 7HO£Ue for red and 7g$4c
for yellow; Figs, 2-crown bricks, 50c: 3-crown.
55c; 4-crown. 60c: ti-crown, 65c; bulk white
2?;®3c; black, 24654c; Evaporated Apples.
4otic per lb* — .
PRUNES — 19s©l*ic per lb for the four sizes
and 24c basis for the large sizes.
RAISINS— 1904 crop f. o. b. Fresno — Im
perial clusters. $2 25@2 50; Dehesa. $1 302
1 U5; Louden Layers. Soc6$l: Loose Muscatels.
4-crown, S'S-S'.ic: 3-crown, 44c; 2-crown. 39
o'ic; Seeded. 4*i@6c; Thompson's Seedless.
4»i@4 1 *c: Seedless Sultanas,- a@5c per lb.
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 softshell, 12@13c; No.
2. lOitllC; No. 1 hardshell, 12c: Xc 2. 10c;
Almonds. 16S 17c for Nonpareils. 146144c for
I XL, 134<gl4'/3C for Ne Plu« Ultra and lie
for LanjrufHloc; Peanuts. 8f?7c for Eastern; Pe
cans. ll®i:ic: Cocoanuts. $4 5005; Chestnuts.
S4ei0c per lb tor Italian.
HONEY— Comb. 114@13c for white ar.d 10@
lie for amber; water white extracted. 54©«5c:
light amber eJctr&qted. 5@54c; dark, ::© l^c.
BEESWAX— 27029c per lb.
Provisions.
Dull and unchanged.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 104c per lb for
heavy. 104c for H;fct medium. 13c for light,
14c for extra light and 144c for sugar-cured;
dry Salt Hides. 10c: Bellies, lie; Eastern su
gar-cured Hams, 12 to 14 lbs. 124c; 15 .to
lfl lbs. .12c: 17 to 2u lbs. ll'ic: California
Hams, ll*ic; Mess Beef, $10«i0 50 per bbl;
extra M«ss. $10 50@ll; Family. $12012 50;
prime Mess - Pork, $14 50; extra clear, $22;
Mess, $16 50; Pig Pork, f 25; Pigs' Feet. $6;
Smoked Beef, 14c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 64c per lb for
California compound. 7c for Eastern compound
and 9c for pure; half-barrels, pure, 9Uc; 10
lb tins. 9*lc; 5-lb tins. 9vjc: 3-lb tins, 10c.'
COTTOLENE — One half barrel. 8«*c; three
half barrels. 84c; one tierce. S«4c; two tierces.
SJic; five tierces. SUc per lb.
Hides. Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about i«@lc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium. 10c; light, 94®10c; Cow
Hides, 9',AQ10c for heavy and 94@10c for
light-, Stegs. 7674c: Salted Kip, 104c; Salted
Veal, lifeline; Salted Calf. 0146124c; dry
Hides, 17VaeiSc; dry Kip. 15c; dry Calf. 20c:
Hheepsklns. ehearlings, 25@40c each; short
Wool. 50R75c each: medium. 00c@$l 10: long
Wool. $1 2X>!?1 75; Horse Hides, salt, $3 for
large and $2 50 for medium, $1 50@2 for small
and 50c for ColU; Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 for
large and $1 £0 for medium, $1 for small. 50c
for Cells. Buck Skins — Dry Mexican, 30c; dry
salted Mexican, 25c; dry Central American.
SGc; Goat Skins — Prime Angoras. 75c; extra
large do. $125; large. 50c; medium. 25c:
small. 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4@44c per lb;
No. 2. 34c: Grease. 24@3c.
WOOL— Fall clip — San Joaquln and South
ern. O^ll*:; Southern.- S@9c: Southern Moun
tain. J^Jllc; Middl* Counties, free, 12gl4c:
do defective. lC@12c;. Northern, free. 12#14c:
do defective, 10212c; Humboldt and Mendo
clno. leeiSc per lb.
HOPS — 1904 crop. 25g2Sc per lb; 1905 crop.
17'4©lSc. with most growers asking 20c
Meat Market.
' Supplies continue about equal to the d»
mand and the market shove no change.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughters to dealer*
are as follows:
BEEF — e©7c fcr BUers and 4H©6c per lb
for .Cows. •.'*- ■■-•
VEAL — Large. 6HS«c: •mall, SS^c per Ib.
MUTTOX— Wethers, 7©8Hc; Ewes. 6^ig7^c
per lb.
LAMB— flfflOc per lb.
. PORK— Dressed Hcg*, C^tfSHc" per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
' - The following- quotations aVe for good, sound
Livestock delivered tn San Francisco, less 4O9
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 7«gJ?4c: Cows and Heif
ers.SV-6C.14c: thin Cows. 4@5c per lb.
CALVES — »fi4'ic per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3>~e3* 4 c: Ewes, $303Ue
per lb «rross weight). ■ ■
L.AMB5— $2 60^2 75 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 200 to 250 lbs, 4%J@4;ic;
130 to 200 lbs. 5§5»ic: SO to 130 lbs. '4H&4-*c;
Bctt lief!, not wanted; 'Sows. 20 percent oft:
Boars. .M> per cent off. and Stags, 40 per cent
off - from above quotations.
■ . General Merchandise. , ,
BAGS— Grain Baira. 5U65*»c spot fand 69
«»4c fer: next year; Wool Bag*. 30932c; Fleece
Twine.. 7 lie ■
COAL — Wellington, $5 per ton: New Wel
lington. $$; Seattle. $6 50; Bryant. $G 50:
Beaver Hill. S3 50; Roslyn. $7; Coos Bay. $5 50.
Richmond. $S; Cumberland. $13 In bulk and
?14 23 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg;.
$14; Wel?h Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lamp,
$11 00; Cannel, $9 per ton; Coke. $11 50613 per
ton in bulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky Mountain
aescriptions. |S 60 per short ton.
. OILS — Quotations are tor barrels; for cases J
add 5c; Linseed. 55c per ial'.on for bailed and !
We tor raw; Caston-Oil in cases. No. 1. 70c; I
Bakerc' AA, cases, SI 1O©1 12: Luce!. 50c for
boiled and 4»c for raw; China Nnt. cases. *5© I
60c per, gallon; Cocoanut Oil. in barrels, 5t>c j
for Ceylon and 55c for Australian; extra ;
bleached winter Sperm Oil. 68c; natural win
ter Sperm Oil. 63c: extra bleached winter
Whale Oil. 57c; natural Whale Oil. 52c; extra
winter strained Lard Oil. 75c; No. 1 Lard Oil.
65c; pure Neatsfoot Oil, 73c: No. 1 Neatsfoot
Oil. 63c; light Herring OM. 42c: dark Herring
Oil. 4uc: Salmon Oil. 34c; boiled Fish Oil. 37c: !
raw FI?h Oil. 35c; boiled Palr.t Oil. 33c; raw I
Paint OH. 31c. 1
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil in bulk
l.V; Pearl Oil. In case*. lJ»^e : > Astral 194c
Star. lDt-Sc; Extra Star, 22*ic: Elaine. 26c;
Eocene. 21 Vic; Deodorized Stove Gasoline la
bulk. 16c: In caw. 22Vjc; Benzine, in bulk.
13c; in cases. 13 ! ic; SS-degres Gasoline. In
bulk. 25c: In ea*e». 31c.
TURPENTINE — 75e per gallon in cases and
€9c In drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red L*«d. 'KQ
~%e per lb: White Lead. 7*i©7«ic; according
to quantity.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Reflnins Com
pany quotes as follows per lb. In lOTMb bags:
Cube*. A Crushed ar.d Tine Crushed. B.25c;
Powdered. 6.10c; Candy Granulated, 6.10c; Dry
Granulated, fine, ec; Dry Granulated, coarse,
6c:" Fruit Granulated. 6c: Beet Granulated
<100-lb bags only). SMQr : Confectioners' A. «c;
Magnolia A. 5.€Oe : Extra C. 5.50c; Golden C.
5.40c: • < D," 5.30c; barrels. 10c more; half
barrels. 25c more: beixes. We more: SO-ib bar*.
lOr more for all kind*. Tabi-ts — Half barrels.
fi.SOc; boxe?. 6.75?; H. & E. Crystal Domlnos.
8e per lb, Xo orders taken for less than sev
enty-live barrels or its equivalent.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THURSDAY. DECEMBER 22. -
Flour, qr sks.. 10,e98;Mlddlings. sks.. 1.211
Wheat.^ctls ... S.C6".!Feed sks 30
Barley, ctls ... 2,«6' Hay.' tons ST1
Oats, etls l,112Hops bales 1«7
Rye. ctls 170! Wool bales .... *U
Corn (We«t).ctls 5O^!H!des No 2.4'7
Tallow, ctls ... 264i Pelts.' bdls 8f>7
Sugar, ctls l,4«VLeather rolls .. lftr>
Beans, sks l..V-0'LJme. bbls 546
Potatoes, sks .. 1.631 IChicory. bbls ... 23
Onions. sV-s 7S»9:Wine gals 112..W
Bran, sks 1C0! Brandy. gaU ... 8.SS3
OREGON
Flour, qr sks.. 3.000!
WASHINGTON
Flour, qr sk».. 14.12« Flaxseetf. ctU .. 1,252
Oats, ctls 3,5%! «•
STOCK MARKET.
Business in Local Securities of a JIol
iday Character.
On the Stock and Bond Exchange Contra
Costa Water sold down to the very low point
of $25. while Spring Valley Water was slightly
higher at $40. Pacific States Telegraph and
Telephone advanced to $108. Trading continued
email and the market was tame.
Dullness still prevailed en the Oil Exchange.
The mining exchanges were the only ones
showing any life, and business on both was
good. In the Comstocks Ophir led. advancing
to $3 75. with the other etocks firm in sym
pathy. There were no pronounced changes in
the Tonopahs.
The Andes Mining Company has levied an
assessment of 10c.
All the local exchanges will adjourn this
afternoon till Tuesday, over Christmas.
The United Milk Company of San Francisco
has declared a monthly dividend of 5c per
share, payable immediately.
The Claremont Oil Company paid a regu
lar monthly dividend of le per share, amount
ing to *45OO. yesterday, anticipating the pay
ment which would otherwise have been mad«
on January 1.
At the regular annual meeting of the «tock
hcldfra of the Ophir Mining Company $6,410
shares were represented and the old directors
were unanimously re-elected as follows:
Charles H. Fish, A. W. Havens Nat. T. Me*s
er. Herman Zadig. Charles Hirshfeld J. W.
Twiggs and A. F. Coffin. Charles H. Fish wa*
re-elected president. E. B. Holmes secretary
and' James McKlnty superintendent.
The First National Bask of San Francisco
has declared a bonus or Christman dividend,
of $4 per share, amounting to $60,000. The
regular dividends are at the rate of 10 p*r
rent per annum, payable femi- annually in
January and July. It has 'been the custom
in late year* to declare an extra dividend at
Christmas out of the surplus earning*. In
1000 12 50 per share was paid, in ltMtt $4 in
$1902 $6 and in 1903 S3.
The National Sugar Refining Company has
declared a regular dividend «J l'j per cent
on the preferred stock, payable January 3.
The Mergenthaler Linotype Company has de
clared a regular quarterly dividend of 24 per
cent and an extra dividend of 5 per cent, pay
able December SI,-- The dividend Just declared
makes 15 per cent for 1904: in 1903 and 1902
15 per cent was paid In each year; in 1901
134 per cent; from 1S98 to 1900 2O per cent
each year: -in 1S97 1«U per cent: in 1S96 19
per cent and In 1895 104 per cent.
STOCiK AXD BOXD EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. Dec. 22—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask.| Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup..lC53ilO5T4!4s qrjrp new. 13U* 4 131 1;
4s qr reg. . .lQ5ailC54!3s qr coup. . .1044105
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — Oak T Co 6s.l20 —
Asso OH 5s. Mi; — Do 5s 1154114
Bar CPC 5s.l01»i — ! Do con 53.1044105
Cal C G 5s.U44 — (Oceanic S 5s. — 74
Cal G A B K |Om CaMe «s.1214121«;
m A ct 5s. S44 S4T»:Pac 6 Im 4s. —
Cal-st C 5S.114 — IP E Ry 5*..104T4 —
C C Wat 5s. — 99 !P A C H 6a.lO4 —
EdL & P Ha. — 126 IP A O R €s. — —
F A C H Cs.1154 — IPowelt-st Cs. — —
Geary-st 5s.. — S5 !Sac EGAR5s.l01 —
H C&S 54«-105 — |SF A SJV5s.H»4 —
Do 5s 101 S — Sierra R 6s. — —
Hon R T 6s.lO64 — IS P of A 6s
L A Elec 5s.lC5 — I <1909> 10»*i _
LA G A E5s — — ! (1910) 1104 —
L A Ry 5s.. 116*, — iS P of C 6a
L A L Co 6s — — I fl9C5)Sr A. 101 1014
Do gtd 6s. — — ! /1905)Sr B. — 1034
Do gtd 5S.104U — I O908) 104% —
LAP lem Ss.101 — 1 <1912) II44 —
Mkt-et C 6s.ll« — |SPC 1 eg 5». — —
Do lem 5s.ll6 116?* I Do stampd.lOSU —
MVi MtT5s.lO5 110 IS P B R 6s.lS5 1S8
NRR of C6S.1064 — IS V Wat 6s.l04^ —
Do Os — — ] Do 4* 2dm.l00i; —
N P C R 58.1054 — 1 Do 4s 3dm. 994 —
N C Ry 5s.. — — f Do g mtg4s 97«i —
N C P C 5s. — — iStkn G&Ees. 93 —
N S R R 5s. 99 103 |U G A E 5«.1O24 —
OO L&H 5s. — 110 |UR of SF 4s. 87Tfc S3
O W gtd 5s. — 100 !
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 24 SO |Port Costa... — —
Marln Co.... — 59?*! S V Wat Co. 39% 404
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THETONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE
STATES FACTS
u I li I lu I no I iJi
Pursuant to a resolution passed by the San Francisco and Tonopah Mining
Exchange in an executive session Saturday, December the 17th. the following
statement is given oat for publication:
Xo consolidation of the San Francisco and Tonopah Mining. Exchange and
the San Francisco Stock and Exchange Board has been effected, nor Is such a-
move contemplated.
gBUjT When the public began to realize that Tonopah ar.d vicinity was a *r»at
mining region and that the stocks listed on the San Francisco and / Tonopali
Mining Exchange were good, safe investments the business of this board became
quite lively. This excited the jealousy of the Comstock brokers, whose business
was overshadowed and cut into by the dealings in the Tonopah and GoldSelo
stocks.
, The Comstock brokers first made a proposition to consolidate the two boardi.
but this did not meet with the approval of the Tonopah brokers far several rea-
sons, the principal one of which was the great difference in the nature of the se-
curities dealt in on 'the two boards. •
The Comstock shares are all assessable, and there are many mines on their
list that have not been worked for twenty years and no one expects them to
work again; in fact, the value of no stock on the Comstock list depends on th«
merit of the'mine, but on the manipulation of the stock. In contrast to this
assessment mill and stock manipulation, the Tonopah stocks are non-assessable,
and if the mine or prospect has no merit the stock has no value.
In "plain English." the Comstocks are gambles and the Tonopahi ar» invest-
ments and legitimate speculations.
When consolidation was refused, fifteen of the members of the Tonopah
Board decided to join the Comstock Exchange. After belnjf elected members of
the Comstock Exchange and trying to do business under the methods followed
by the Comstock brokers, they asked that the Tonopah Exchange ' take them
back in a body and stated that their reason for wanting to coaie back was that
they were unable to do a legitimate business tn Tonopah stocks under the meth-
ods prevailing on the Comstock Exchange.
• Seven of the Vonopah brokers, who had paid $200.00 each .for their ««ats on
the Comstock Board, were so glad to get back into the Tonopah Exchange that
they willingly sacrificed their $1400.00.
The San Francisco and Tonopah Exchange tas continued to do a good, legit-
imate business in the stocks on its list at its board rooms in the Mills building,
and will continue to do so. MEg
j Notwithstanding the treachery of ipe or two former members of the Tonopah
Exchange and the jealousy of the Comstock brokers, the San Francisco and
Tonopah Exchange has a larger and stronger membership than at any time in its
h " tory ' H. C. CUTTING.
B5i President of the San Francisco nr.d Tonopah Mining Exchange.
CAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP. 3\ 44! 8 F O * E. S44 —
Mutual E L. H> — !?tkn G & E. — »4
Pae L Co... 50% — If O * E Co. — —
INSURANCE.
FirenVs Fnd. — ZV> I
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk..l"a) — .'L P A. .\ 135 —
Anglo-Cal .. SS 90, IXTer Trust — 230
Bank of Cal.42» 423 Merch Ex 50 —
Cal Safe Dp.152 — is K National — "— '-
First Nation! — — | • V. -.
SA\aXGS BANKS.
Ger S A L.2330 — ,Sav i t, So.. - IW
Hum S * L. — — js«c Sav Bk.. — 424
Mutual Sar. 934 — Union T Co.. — S30O
S F Sav U.610 675 1
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..200 — ! Presidio — 41
Geary — 50
POWDER.
Giant ...... «3?i CS4:\ngorit S 44
SUGAR.
Hawaiian C. 734 7» IMakawell C. — —
Honokaa SO 1^ 1S4 Onotr.ea 3 C Z2 Si
Hutch S P C 14«» U-iPaaniau 3 C 204 —
Ki:au-a S C. — « j
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. 824 »*U! Oceanic 8 Co. 4 9
Cal F C A. — »»4>Pa.c Aui FA. 44 —
Ca! Wine A. — S3 iPac C Bone. — 15T4
MV& MiTm. 95 \Ti iPac 8 Tel CO. 107 \ 1 0* 4
SALES.
Mcrning Sess'sn.
Board —
W> Contra Ccsta Wst»r 25 00
S<t Spring Valley Water Co 33 74
Il.OW Bay Counties Power Co 5* 102 00
Afternoon Session.
Beard —
15 Giant Powder Con <C 24
175 Paauhau S P Co 2» 6<»
7 Pacific States T * T Co 109 C*>
5O Spring Valley Water Co WOT
51,000 S P of Arizona <190i» io» 75
S3. 000 Uaited R P. cf S F 4 per ceat. $7 S74
Street —
14.000 Northern Ry o? Cal « per ecnt.lCe U>
Unlisted Secnritles.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS
Bid. Ask. I Bid. AJk.
Bay CPC es. — 10041SF A NP 5»1124 —
B L Wat «*. — 1144 <a P C K 4s. »n —
Cal NW 5s.. — 113^:9 p ct> 44s. 99*ilW4
M C Wat 5*.100 — [Sun Tel 6*...1144 —
Ris I Wk»5» — 105 : Do 5a .. 1C« —
SF Drdk 58.112 — :Suttr-st R3t.lO4 —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... — 25 !Mat Nav Co. 70 — ■
Amer Bis Co — 90 IN Cal P Co. ■» 1»
Cal Cot Ml!* SO — loak Bk 5«av 12a — '
t'al G*ECor. 4{» 5*>4'Oak T CotL. 15 —
C Jockey Cl.llft — HOOF Hail A 64 —
Cal Powder..l5i> 145 (Orpheum Co. — 164
Cal Ship Co. — 21 jPacC Cas CO.12S —
Cal T I ft T — 1S3 !pae Sur Co.105 . — ,
Cen Bk. Oak to C74'Para.' Paint.. 33 —
Chutes Co .. — 6 |S F Drydack. — rt
City A C BV — 120 :SFASJ Coal. T74 20.
Cj-p L Imp.. — «4'g j wat CO.1CT54 — I
East Dynm.. — 375 iSO A MTgbt.123 —
DptPwd com 474 — : Swiss -A Bk..l2A
FN Bk. Oak.120 — 'Truck Elect.. 11 124
Fischer Thtr — 1^ Union a Co. — 314
Frneb-A Bk.lO« — UR IuC p*«t. «•» «*4
Hobo P Co.. — 81 1 Do com ... 17 — .
Lon& SF Bk 53 — 1
SALES.
Afternoon Session.
Board —
15 E I du Pont-De Nemoura ic-isn- V) «•
25 Hono Plantation Co <pool>.... 27 50
California Stock and OH Exchange.
A*k> Oil Co. Stock Tr. Oert.. 2« *r
Caribou « to 7(y)
Central Point Cen 70
<"*hlcago Crude 22
Claremont . .' %$
Forty 40 45
Four K
Hanford . 200 5<>
«"»• -• 41 44
Independence z\ 32
Kern River ' 12 0"
Linda Vista in 22
McKittrick 10
Monarch cf Arizona .'..' : "jj
Monte Cristo 824
Nevada County 40
Occidental of W. Va 09
Oil City Petroleum «5
Senator 7«> ...."
Superior (3 .... >
Thirty-three ■ 25
Toltec 2J ....
Twenty-eight 12 50
' • SALES.
Morninr Session.
10.000 Associated Oil 27
1 on Chicago Crude 2"
WM Monte Cristo SO
Afternoon Session.
1000 Associated Oil 37
MisaaaiBai>«iiiMi^aasBa
Mining Stocks.
€AN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following wera the sales on the San Fraa-
Cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday;
Morning Session — Comstocks.
100 Alpha Hi 90O Mexican 1 IS
200 Belcher 19 3t»j Mexican 1 2O
S00 ChcJlar 2'. 400 Ophir 3 45
1500 Con Cal A V.I 50-1100 Ophir 3 5<>
100 Crown Point.. 13 40O Overman 09
200 Crown Point.. 1411500 Sierra Ne*.... 42
100 Gould A Cur. 13: C00 Union Con.... 44
1000 Kentuck C2J SUO Union Cos.... 49
Afternoon Session — Comstocka.
800 Alta 04! 300 Crown Point.. IS
100 Andes 1st 400 Justic* i»
200 Belcher —I... l»f SOW Mexican 1 25
200 Best & Belch. 93! 10©- Ophir S m
200 Challenge ... 2u! 300 Ophir 3 75
100 Chollar 23i 100 Potosi 15
200 Cen Cal A V.I B5i 500 Sierra Ner.... 41
100 Con Ca! & V.I 50* 200 Union Con 43
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bld.Ask.| Bid.Asic.
Alpha 0» ll'Ju'.ia 06 C»
Alta O4 t>« Justice m lt>
Andes 17 19 Kentuck 01 «
Belcher 17 IS, Lady Wash .. 03 04
B€st A Belch. 92 S.I Mex! tar. 1 20 1 25
Bullion 22. 24 1 Occidental ... 7» 90
Caledonia fZ 44'Ophir ) ;.*. s ;s
Challenge ... 2O 22!o%erman OS 09
Chollar 22 23 Pctosi 15, 1*
CcnSdemce ... 75 »0!Scorp!on in H
Con Oal * V.I 5u 1 5S Savage 19 2r>
Con Imperial. 01 C2:S«g Belcher... OS 05
Con NT C2 WSlerra Nrv.... 40 41
Crown Pcint.. 16 17'Silver Hill.... 59 *«
Eureka Con.. — 50' St. Louis .... — 07
Exchequer ... 4ft 4S 1 Syndicate IS 22
E. Sierra N«v 03 or.:UnJoj? Con.... 43 5O
Gould * Cur. IS 2C!Utah 04 C5
Hale A Norc.l 05 1 10'Tellow Jacket. 14 15
TONOPAH AND GOLDFIELD STOCKS.
Morning Session.
800 Adams 11' 200 Red Tcp IS
100O Black Butte. . 19 7C0 Ton Midway.. Si
100 Jumbo £S' 500 Ton N Star... 2O
200 Mont Ton . . .2 0.",; 3ort Ton Jf Star... a
400 Ray A O'Brien 07i
Aftemocn Session.
1000 Bullfrog Mln. 66! 1GO Red Tod IS
1100 Jumbo Ex .. 22i 100 Ton N Star... 21
Continued on Pa^e Fourteen.
1516
FIERCELY WAGE
WAR OF WORDS
Personalities Fly Between
Attorneys Dunne and Ko
walsky in Sloss' Court
NO DAMAGE IS INFLICTED
Bplli<rerent Lawyer Accuses
Rival of Trying to Kob
Widow of His Dead Friend
Attorneys EL I. Kowaleky and P. F.
Dunne engaged in a sharp exchange
of j>erEonaiities in Judge Sloss* Court
yesterday. Honors were even when
the court intervened and put a stop to
the war of words.
The trouble started over the attempt
of Kowalsky to introduce certain evi
dence in the trial of the suit of T. J.
Ryan, administrator of the ' estate of
the late Senator Maloney against the
widow, Delia J. Mahoney.
Dunne declared that Kowalsky
was offering that kind of testimony
"in order to rob the widow of his dead
friend." ' Kowalsky then unloosed his
wrath. He said that Dunne was try
ing to run the whole case and the
court. He declared that his adversary
was so vain that he carried his own
picture in his vest pocket, that he
might admire it. After several ex
changes of like import hostilities
closed. When the evidence was all in
Kowalsky said he wanted the argu
ments heard next week, so he could
be present, because, . in his absence,
"Dunne's courage would rise like a
thermometer on a hot day." Dunne
eagerly told the colonel that he want
ed him there.
The trial of the case has been an
echo of the Blythe will contest. In
1S92 Florence Blythe Hinckley made
a contract with Kowalsky to pay him
2 per cent of all that he won for her.
Kowal?ky made a contract with Sen
ator Mahoney to' pay him 10 per cent
of the 2 per cent for services ren
dered in the case. When the settle
ment was made' Mrs. Hinckley gave
Mahoney her note for $5500. Mrs.
Mahoney alleges that the Senator gave
her the note: the other heirs say he
did not, and have sued for its recov
ery. Colonel Kowalsky intervened In
the suit between the Mahoneys and
said the note was his, because Ma
honey had not rendered the services.
The arguments will be heard Tuesday.
HOSPITAL FOR CHILDREN
IS KINDLY REMEMBERED
Efforts of Committee of Ladies in Be-
Jinlf cf Deserving: Institution
Are Being Rewarded.
The Hospital for Children and
Training School for Nurses, 3700 Cali
fornia street, was well remembered
yesterday, when a committee of ladies
received for the deserving institution
about S1S00 in cash and numerous
other gifts.
The committee, consisting of Mrs. L.
f.. Dunbar. Mrs. I. X. Walter, Mrs.
John F. Merrill. Mrs. Henry Payot.
Mrs. H. E- Bothin, Mrs. M. F. Mc-
Curn. Mrs. Wendell Easton and Mrs.
Bertha Lilienthal, will attend again at
W. &. J. Sloane &; Co.'s, 114 Post
street, to-day and to-morrow to re
ceive further subscriptions, groceries,
fuel and whatever else a generous
5>ublic may bring or send.
l'AMAGES AWARDED.— A Jury In Judge
limit's opart, by a vote of nine to three.
> '-j-terday award* d S1GGO damages to Frances
H. Johnston, a dressmaker, who cued the
tl.ippltiK firm of Headle Eros. In August, 1903,
Mr*. Johnston was a \<a.£sengtr on the steamer
I'<.lnt Arer.a. which ran on the rock* off Fort
rtosfc. In the fhock Mrs. Johnston was thrown
item her berth and her le?t leg was broken.
At a former trial of the case the Jury dis-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SKIN HUMORS
BLOOD HUMORS
Speedily, Permanently and
Economically Cured
by Guiicura
WHEN ALL ELSE FAILS
Complete External and
Internal Treatment
Price One Dollar
In the treatment of torturing, dlsflg-
nring. itching. sc*ly crusted pimply,
blotchy acd scrofuicas humors of the j
skip. scVlp and blood, with loss of hair, '
Cuticura Soap, Ointment and Pills have j
beet wondenully successf «l. Even the '
mos: obstinate of constitutional hu-
mors, such as bad biood, scrofula. Id-
herited an3 costagious humors, with
Joss of hair, glandular swellings, ulcer-
ous patches iti th? throat and mouth, \
sore eyes, copper-coloared blotches, as
well as boils, carbuncles, scurvy, sties, *
ulcers and sores ari»ing from an impure I
condition of the blood, yield to Abe !
Cuticura Treatment, when all other
remedies fall.
And greater still, if possible, is the
wouderfu: record of cures of torturing,
disfiguring humor* among infants and
children The buffering which Cuticura
Remedies have alleviated among the
young, and the comfort they have af-
forded svorn-oat and worried parents,
hare led to their adoption Id counties?
homes as priceless curatives foi the
skin and blood. | Infantile and birth hu-
mor;, milk crust, scalled bead, eczema,
rashes and every form of Itching, scaly,
pimply skin and scalp humors, with loss
of hair, of infancy and childhood, are
ppeedlly, permanently and economically
cured when all other remedies suitable
for children, and even the beat phy-
sicians, fall.
Se'.d throorhoBt tb« world. Cnf.enn B*«o!«tt, Be.
f ia f o-m of Cbeeo'.tu Cowed FUU. We. f>n r*\ of W),
O.Dpttr.t. Vc, t>o«p. Jie. DvpoUt London. V Ch»rUr-
bouM tS4 Paru. 5 Rut lit U Paisi Bo»ton. 117 CelusbH
An Potter Drue * Chen. Corp« Sola Praprlttotm.
-^ lead te-TtuOnktBasiou Con."
MRS. MONROE
SALISBURY DIES
AT THE PALACE
Mrs. Monroe Salisbury, for years a
recognized leader of society in San
Francisco, passed away at her apart
ments in the Palace Hotel late last
night. An affliction of the heart wai
the direct cause of death, although
Mrs. Salisbury had been ill for many
months. Her death came rather sud
denly and her large circle of friends
will be greatly shocked at the sad news.
Mrs. Salisbury was alone in her
apartments when she was stricken. Her
nurse had gone on an errand and when
she returned, Mrs. Salisbury was
breathing her last. Death came a few
minutes alterward. Her husband, who
is at present at his Pleasanton ranch,
was notified, as were her two daugh
ters, Mrs. T. Danforth Boardman and
Mrs. Alexander Keys, and her son,
Sydney Salisbury. Xo arrangements
have as yet been made for the funeral.
Mrs. Salisbury has been a leading
figure in the social world here for many
years and her influence was felt by the
exclusive set more than that of any
other woman of her time. She was a
born organizer and social dictator, as
well as a woman of great talent and
culture; hence her will was often the
law of society.
Mrs. Salisbury came of a good old
Kentucky family and was a pro
nounced Southern woman in every
sense of the word. She was born in
Galveston, Tex., January 27, 1847. When
still a child she was brought to Califor
nia by her father, T. P. Robinson. Her
girlhood was spent in Sacramento,
where he was a leading lawyer at that
time, being a member of the noted law
firm of Robinson & Haggin.
The family moved to this city soon
after the daughter reached womanhood.
She at once began to attract attention
by her beauty, as well as her social
charms. She was married to Monroe
Salisbury In 1874 and the wedding was
a great social event, as both bride and
groc-m were at that time entering upon
their careers as leaders in the gay life.
Three children were born to the cou
ple — Kate, Margaret and Sydney Salis
bury. Both the daughters are now
married and occupy positions of promi
nence in society. Mrs. Salisbury also
reared her niece, Miss Mary Mercado,
now the wife of Chauncey Boardman.
Mrs. Salisbury's mother was Mary
Crittenden. a noted belle of the blue
grass State. Mrs. Salisbury was relat
ed to the Tevis family, the Breckin
ridges, Marshalls and Prestons. She
was very proud of her family connec
tions and every time she wenjt East was
received with open arms by society
leaders there. Her fame was national
and she was recognized as a woman of
social importance from ocean to ocean.
In appearance Mrs. Salisbury was
tall and slender with dark ,hair and
e>es. Her features were clear cut and
her appearance at once bespoke the
woman* of character and determination.
Although more than fifty years oki at
the time of death she still retained
much of her personal attractiveness
and socially was very active until re
cently.
MRS. GONZALEZ'S APPLICATION
FOR HOMESTEAD SUBmTTED
Attorney Wheeler Argues Her Right
to a Portion of Ranch In
Monterey County.
Judge Kerrigan yesterday heard and
took under submission the application
of Mrs. Edie W. Gonzalez for a set
ting apart of a portion of the Gon
ziles ranch In Monterey County as a
homestead. She is the widow of Dr.
Mariano E. Gonzalez, who provided
in his will that she should receive a
third of the revenue of the ranch as
long as she remained unmarried. An
other third goes to the daughter,
Anita, and a third to the forty minor
grandchildren of Francisco Rico, de
ceased half-brother of Gonzalez. In
addition about $70,000 worth of real
estate and personal property was
plsced In a trust, the income to be
paid to the daughter. Mrs. Gonzalez's
attorney, Charles S. Wheeler, contend
ed that this was a great injustice to
tho widow, who had given fifteen years
of her life to the deceased. If the
income from the 575,000 worth of
property were divided as a contribu
tion from the Rico heirs it would
amount, said the attorney, to only $5
a month from each, and it was from
their share that this support was in
right demanded.
Reuben H. Lloyd, attorney for the
administrator. Mayor Robert F. John
son of Monterey, said - that' he . had
done his duty in presenting all the
facts to the court and believed that
the widow was entitled to a home
stead, it resting in the court's discre
tion as^to how much land she should
be given. Judge Charles W. Slack, on
behalf* of the daughter, and T. J.
Geary Jr.. for the Rico heirs, opposed
the application.
BOARD OF EDUCATION
ELECTS A PRINCIPAL
Superintendent Langdon' Recommends
School Gardens for Growing of
Food Plants.
The Board of Education yesterday
adopted a resolution providing that
from and after the commencement of
I the spring term, 1905, the two depart
' ments comprising the Lincoln Even
ing School, viz., the elementary and
commercial branches, be ordered dis
tinct and separate, the former to be
known as the Lincoln Evening School
j and the latter as the Commercial High
! Evening School.
| G. H. Foulkes, a teacher in the Lin
i coin Evening^ School in charge of the
commercial department, was elected
principal of the commercial Evening
High School.
Ellen G/ Grant, a teacher in the de
partment for forty years, asked to be
retired on an annuity and her. peti
tion was referred to' the retirement
committee.
Leaves of absence were granted to
Misses M. E. Kennedy, E. D. Conlon
and Mary Patterson.
The West of Castro Street Club reit
erated its request for an addftlonal
6ixth grade glass In the Noe Valley
School, but no action was taken.
Superintendent Langdon filed a re
port on the Parental School, which,
he says, is prospering under, the direc-
tion of Principal R. D. Faulkner.
Langdon also filed suggestions for
the installation of school gardens by
devoting ■ some of the yard space to
the growing of useful food plants.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. DECEMBER 23, 1904.
gftyR J0^SL^a ■ .-■•■■ uLtfj7<^fc j^^Olm *^ - <?j'* <l r*tivn f^^^S 1^ iyxyS&
«£ For oiiiieoQ a For oini-oo
I Men's $5, $4, $3.50 and $3 J Smoking Jacket Special |
Fancy VeStS . ". . . America on' Smoking Jackets will be the §
9 Representing the «, sweUes, ideas H^^^^^^P Wm&lMJ^ M^b^M. S &
igg^a from the swagger shops abroad, will be ■y^^^^^^S^^^^^SF^^^I j*««*a^*M^a m*»^ Tone Cloths, rich designs and a $5-00 value, JpVrf
V BJcL sp r" h us tWs Friday - fmert And Mo n $3,96?
I ??*::::::::$2A5.l&[ PresartlikelW '^ — I
1 Men's Glove Si*eH;i1 regular. .s raOB jl
~ w£#c««icij CB^k prices, so we ■ BfcGl ■ £Z
**§k in swagger shades of tan, patent clasps; ummma^a^mm^mm^^ n I flT wll Ofll)^ day's sale at- fe^^ tf&^l
Jpijr representing the latest Z$b1|| ffiffi
ideas, both as to stitch- 1 *&& '' PH^I 4^
1 .TO Grand Gun Metal *
I . H^I^^^hH^-^. 11^1 wlth His Sllit or with His Overcoat ' § 4* "\M 1
& * * J HK^^^i'" >: "'f l ' Ancl > bear m mincl ' tllis watc h ' s not a plaything or a toy, - :;> Jl^ < _Z_W^^ :^\( <
If but an expensive watch. It is quite an elaborate affair that I s v -J Q
I Wi0^^^^W"^" Some Extraordinarily Low Prices ' I
ft i l^^ "'.'• /k^^^^^^^ iy In the Boys' Clothing Department Friday. Values that will V ; " '"-W Jf
§ I ; > """ c " r '. i - • j -""-"i • Holiday Suspenders §
1 Men's Fancy Shirt Special %\*v^fe_ {iiE^Sj.ff^v.^rffi^ 5^ f
Some 250 dozen Men's Fancy Shirts in the very Open \W Tkl JJiiilli .^fl ft) w. w tels^Frl- *Z(\ n F <> r §
newest and srnartest designs will be one of the Star ' )j HM&m^m ]\hTh BfSSI H VmflNT d . ay ,^7, e ° on JvV/ Choice ¥
jg^T $1.50 ones among them. \ou will be TOgS 1 ' v«i»n jyUAftLAVL. 1^ latest improvements. Sold /s^ or
& /BZS**. nffprpfi vnnr nnrcctrirt*.H 'fiSi't /-.f CP V fi ' • . - .^*"^^^ '■ /vSB)X , everywhere at 50c. Will ■ f% i^sS\SL
w r;;^rr. d .-..:. ( $ I.IO __J.... The . H om7of the Overcoat....
4r^&i . ... . G^issl
iff V Ok (K * "*-"-' ' * • - ja 4Qk B jCa^^/
DONATIONS ARE ASKED
FOR A WORTHY CAUSE
California Women's Hospital Makes
Its Annual Appeal for Financial
Aid From Cliarl table. ,
Donations and subscriptions/ are
now being received for the California
Women's Hospital. It is the custom
of the managers to make an appeal
for the institution during the Christ
mas season of each year. Increased
prices for supplies necessitate in
creased generosity on the part' of the
public this year and donations of gro
ceries, bed linen and hospital supplies
will be gratefully received. Money Is
particularly needed, as recent repairs
on the building have almost depleted
the treasury. _
Members of the hospital board will
receive donations to-day and to-mor
row at Goldberg, Bowen & Co.'s, 232
Sutter street; Samuel's Lace House
and at the hospital. The officers of
the institution are: Mrs. : D. H. 'SVItte
more, acting president: Mrs. A. Ches.e
brough, vice president; Mrs. F. A.
Robbins, recording secretary, and
Miss F. A. Sprague, treasurer.
Trcanor Still- Holds Office.
. The Supreme Court yesterday de
clined to issue a writ of mandate com
pelling Thomas Treanor to surrender
the office of Recorder of Santa ; Clara
County to Charles R. Williams.
Treanor was declared elected; to" the
position by the canvassing board, but
Williams successfully contested." When
the remittitur came down from \ the
Supreme Court Williams^ asked
Treanor to surrender -his. papers, but
the latter refused to give up his office
until he should be so ordered by the
ccurts.
MOXXIER DEFENSE PUTS ' - V
WITNESS •- ON/ STAND
Old-Time Friends of this. Deceased
Wine Merchant Tell of Quarrels '
Between Father- nnd Son. >
The Monnier will contest continues
in Judge Graham's court.- The coun
sel for both sides still expose the sor
did conditions of the home life of the
family, for the edification of courtroom
habitues. These latter were augment
ed in. the afternoon by the constant
hangers-on of the Dolbeer case, and
the courtroom was crowded . during
the hearing. • '^M
The* defense devoted all of yester
day to the placing on the stand, of
witnesses who have had more or less
intimate connection with the', elder
Monnier couple, and their ; testimony
was devoted principally to the details
of the relations with the son during
the lifetime of the elder Monnier. The
testimony was interspersed by _ legal
battles between George D. Collin?. for
the' defense, and Matt Sullivan and
Theodore J. Roche, for the contestant
Probably the most specific "./witness
on the stand so far was Eugene Thiele,
called for the defense to testify as to
the quarrels between Monnier and his
son. Two of these took : place in the
presence of the witness, and . were
characterized by him as bitter and ac
companied by vulgarity on both sides.
He told of several conversations, in
which the elder Monnier deplored the
fact that he had adopted George, v and
that the boy, had proved '.ungrateful.
The counsel for; the . contestant at
tempted ,to shake the -witness', testi
mony, but failed.
An attempt • was ; made by ( Sullivan
to show/that : Collins-had dictated, tho
Monnier will 1 to .'. a stenographer, ■ and
ADVERTISEMENTS.
that Monnler pimply signed the paper
as it wasjhanded to him, but the move
was. balked 'by ' the answers of Collins^
clerk, J.S. "Meye.r,;and by the forget
fulness of Mrs^,H. Rosengarten, both
of whom attested to the will.. The
other, witnesses called were Louis Du
prat, ;A." Ylgnier, Philip Maury, L. B.
Barren and Dr.'F. R. Orella. The case
will go on this morniny at 10 o'clock.
Christmas Town ..Talk.
The holiday Town Talk is now in the
news stands. It is a beautifully illus
trated magazine of ninety-two . • pages;
surpassing in brilliancy of contents tne
highest 'priced Eastern publications.
From cover to cover It smacks of the
true holiday savor. It contains several
ahort stories of exceptional artistry that
will delight connoisseurs of fiction.
Poem's of a high quality, sketches in
satirical vein and coruscating witticisms
abound in this number. The regular de
partments are also complete. The Saun
torer'Is as newsy as ever, and he dis
cusses in n most entertaining manner,
and with many an epigram, the evolution
of local society. He deals . satirically
with the recent . Bohemian Jinks, tells' of
on embarrassing situation in the Repub
lican organization, discusses some of our
society people who pretend to abhor pub
licity and 'others" that flout it. He also
discusses the- purposes of the Sequoia
Club and the revival of interest In Oscar
Wilde's* works, and gives a" great deal of
exclusive society. political and . club
news.' A most comprehensive and inter
esting article in. this number deals with
the performances in literature of'Call
fornian authors. 'All the best writers
whose work has been brqught into prom
inence ,in the. pages of Town Talk have
contributed to this .number ' and- they
have made it a magazine of exceptionally
high quality. "•gwpfjiflgflpglajjffjj'ttfljl
• HABEAS CORPUS DENIED.— Attorneys for
Lee Look, who was '■ convicted of the. murder
of Lee Wine in Santa Clara in . March. 1001.
applied yesterday to .United States • District
Judge de Haven for a writ of habeas corpus.
The court reminded counsel that the petition
did not show, that the petitioner had exhausted
his 'legal remedy by applying ■ to the ■ Supreme
Court of the . State, although In fact ha had
done - so. - The petition waa denied. • - ■
3IlCHAEIi MURPHY IS
SUFFOCATED BY GAS
Carelessly Turns the Key Before Re
' tiring and Is Found by His
Wife and Daughter.
Michael Murphy, a paver, living at
733 Flllmore street, was suffocated by
illuminating gas last Wednesday night
in h'is : bed. Miss H. C. Murphy, his
daughter, when passing his room door
yesterday morning detected the odor
of gas. She Informed her mother and
the two forced an entrance. . They
found Murphy in bed apparently
asleep and saw that the key of a gas
burner was partly turned on. .,.
There was but a slight odor of pas
in the room and Mrs. Murphy opened
a window from the top to ventilate
the place, after having shut off the
gas. . ;
Fifteen minutes later they again
visited the room and tried to arouse
Murphy, but falling, they hurriedly
summoned a doctor who found j that
the unfortunate man had been dead
for several hours.
Christmas Toilet Sets.
' Toilet sets in staghom. celluloid and
fine leather cases. J1.00. $2.00. $3.00.
$4.00. $5.00. $10.00 and $20.00 each. As
usual, we have the greatest variety and
best values of good things; also hand,
standing and triplicate mirrors for hand
some and useful Christmas presents.
Sanborn. Vail & Co.. 741 Market street •
FINXERTY MATTER DISMISSED.— The
proceeding* to have, a guardian appointed for
Margaretta M. Ficnertjr. who. though forty
four years old. married a. twenty-stx-year-old
husband a few days after her relatives pe
titioned for the cuardlanshlp. were dlamlnstd
by Judge CofTey yesterday. The cousin, Emma
Mahler of Sacramento, who caused- the ■re
plication to be made by Oeorre Colder. • wrote
to the court that after she had learned of
the marriage with Finnerty. who wu tha
person alleged to have dissipated the woman' I
property, she had no further interest In th«
case. • t«flBHRiBHKHmRMM
REPORTS FAVORABLY OX
ROOF REPAIR ORDINANCE
Supervisors' Committee Recommends
Passage of Measure Requiring Use
of Fireproof Materials.
The Joint Supervisors Judiciary and
Fire Committee yesterday, sitting In
session with Mayor Schmltz, recom
mended the passage of the proposed
ordinance prescribing a limit within
which roofs destroyed entirely by fire
shall be repaired with fireproof ma
terial only. The Mayor expressed
himself In favor of the measure in
view of the fact that the Fire Depart
ment officials favored it. The or
dinance will go Into effect on May !•
1905. -J^ -■' #-VT ;
Emll Pohll, representing the Lum
bermen's. Association, argued that the
ordinance was unnecessary and that
the most destructive fires had oc
curred in the fire limits. He said the
measure would work a hardship on
small, property owners in the outly
ing districts.
Captain John H. Nelson stated to
the committee that if the ordinance
was passed it would give a black eye
to the redwood industry of this State.
He said that redwood was really the
most- fireproof of all woods and could
be made more so by artificial means.
. W. H. Newell said that the output
of -redwood shingles yearly was 600.
000.000 and it would not be Just for
the board to pass a measure that
would hurt any home manufacture.
Several insurance men reiterated
their statements made at former ses
sions to show that the ordinance was
necessary for better fire protection.
narnett'ii Extract of V«nin» »f^
r«r«d from leUcted VmotU* Bmu *