"^UTHB VTl^ATHER.
Forecxst mite at Ean Francisco for
thirty hcur» «2ilns mldn'.ght, l>?c«n-
S=n Francbro r.rwS titfnltj— CltnCj
FriUajr. prctebJy rain; fresh smith
*la<!=- A. G. Sic A Ere.
District Forecaster.
VOLUME XCVII— NO. 0.
SHELLS
DESTROY
FLEET
All Port Arthur
Warships Out
of Action,
Russia's OncePower
lul Naval Divi
sion Lost,
Every Other Vessel in Har
bor at Mercy oi Jap
anese Guns.
L'JNDON. Dec- 9.— The Daily Tele
praj hV correspondent before Port Ar
thur telegraphs that all the Russian
battleships and cruisers, together with
the gunboats Gfliak and Fusadneck.
have been sunk or destroyed and that
only the torpedo boat destroyers re
main Intact.
According to a special dispatch fr-jm
Tokio and t?hanghai, giving unofficial
reports, the crews of all the Russian
warships in the harbor of Port Arthur
were landed and apparently no effott
was made to move the vessels. Tho
Japanese will now turn their attention
to the torpedo boat destroyers and
vhen th^se have been destroyed :hu
puns will be directed against steam
ships and transports in the harbor.
Ma.il advices to Japan describing lh«
the capture of iCC-A!etcr Hill say that
the Japerese Orenched tho timber
works of -the trenches with kerosene
«r.d started a furious fire, which was
fanned by a strong £ale. Tht Japanese
5ul v;mer.- "~waS" Very 'slow. They were
obliged to make roads with bacs of
earth- It was a 6Udden decision to
make a. night attack that brousht vic
tory to' the Japanese. Nothing is yet
officially known as to the extent of the
Japanese casualties.
DESTROYED ONE BT OXE.
TOKIO, Dec S.— The following report
from the commander of the naval land
battery in front of Port Arthur was re
ceived at 2 o'clock this afternoon:
•The battleship PoQieda's middle fun
nel is seriously damaged. The vessel
is lifting aft and is submerged to the
stcrnv.alk.
"The battleship Peresviet's upper
deck is submerged.
"The battleship Retvizan is listing to
Ftarboard and her upper deck is near
ly submerged.
"The protected cruiser Pallada.
wbich is lying between the Retvizan
and the mineship Amur, cannot be dis
tinctly pern, but there seems to be a
elirht sinking astern. The actual ex
tent of the damage sustained by her is
rot yet known.
"The armored cruiser Bayan Is now
burning to her foredeck.
'"The battleship Sevastopol appears
to be lying in the east harbor alongside
the great crane, but only the tops of
her masts are visible. A hill complete
ly hides her hull.
"The principal aims taken by the
naval and military guns to-day are at
lh<» PaJiada. IJayan end Sevastopol."
The coTnminder of the battery of
r.aval guns, reporting at 2:39 o'clock
to-day, said:
'•At 12:23 o'clock to-day it became
certain that ths battleship Peresviet
had been sunk. She is in the same con
dition as the battleship Poltava.
The Drotected cruiser Pallada is be
jrinnlng to list to port. We are vigor
ously bombarding the Pallada."
Th^ commander of the naval land bat
tery, reporting on December 7, said:
"An observation taken to-day (De
cember 7) from 203-Meter Hill shows
that the turret ship Poltava lies sunk
en, as reported on December 6. The
battleship Retvizan seems to have
runk, her stern being under water.
"The bombardment to-day (Decem
ber 7) has hea.vi!y damaged the battle
■hip Pobcida. which Is listing to star
board and «hcv.i2g the westward por
tion cf her h-jM, which is painted red."
RUSSIAN DEAD IX TRENCHES.
HEADQKATiTERS OP THE THIRD
JAPANESE ARMY. BEFORE PORT
ARTHUJL Dec. 8.— The correspondent
of the Associated Press visited 203-
Meter HIM, the scene of the awful six
days' fight, which ended with its cap
tore by the Japanese. The advance
works and the crest of the hill were
torn away, the slopes of the hill were
covered by debris and the trenches
were smashed and filled with coil. In a '
single section of the trenches. 100 yard* '
long, more than 200 Russian dead cr
« osndc* v. e*>. seen. They had beers hor- j
ribly mangled by t dynamite grenad-s.
On the moraln? of December .'."the 1
Russians granted t>ermi«sion to the |
Japanese to gather their dead and i
wounded from th<? Eastern Fort R'dre !
ftTfct of. November 25. Yesterday tn» '
same concession W2 3 asked for by the
Russians concerning 20:>-Met«?r Hill
The request was granted, but tht* privl
l?gp was witfcdrav.-n lo-duy J
CHEFU. Dec S.— The lightship from'
Newchwar.g. having left that station I
it/ anticipation of the immediate clos
ing of the U.ao River, arrived here to
day. JJ^er captain saw four Japanese
battle-snips, three cruisers and ten tor
pedo-boats outside Port Arthur. Ha be
lieves thit the entire Japanese fleet Is
now there.
» —
!V»!fsh nr^xrrves Ordrred to From.
WARSAW. Dec. S. — Two divisions
of the Sisih Corps, stationed at Lom-
Continued on 'Page' 3, Colnmn 5.
The San Francisco Call.
BIG DEAL
IN STREET
RAILWAYS
Hellman Sells Stock
in Pacific Elec
tric Line. •
H. E. Huntington Buys tlie
Shares for Himself and
E. H. Harriman.
San Francisco Capitalist Disposes of
His Interest itf the Interurban
System of Los Angeles. '
Banker L W. Hellman has sold his
interests in the Pacific Electric Rail
read Company of Los Angeles to Henry
E. Huntington. The transfer was ef
fected at a meeting held at the Palace
Hotel yesterday afternoon and goes on
record- as one of the biggest deals of
a railway character transacted in this
city for many months.
There were present at the meeting
I. W. Hellman. Henry E Hur.tington
and William F. Herrin, chief counsel
of the Southern Pacific Company. He
acted as the personal representative of
E. II. Harriman.
Although the documents signed at
the meeting did not bear the name of
Harriman, it was announced on good
authority after the meeting that Hunt
ington had purchased Hellman's in
terests in the electric system on ac
count of himself and Harriman. The
news of the withdrawal of Banker
Hellman came as a surprise to those
who have be?n closely watching the
affairs of the street railway magnates
of Los Angeles. It was only recently
reported from the south that Hellman
had become dissatisfied with the policy
of the street roads in which he was
interested and had joined with Harri
man in defeating Huntington's ambi
tion to elect a new board of directors
friendly to himself.
At yesterday's meeting, however, it
appeared that the three railway men
were on the best of terms-and-thai-lf
a renewal of hostilities between Harri
man and ttuntlngton had been contem
plated they have now been abandoned.
While Banker Hellman declined to be
interviewed last evening on the results
of the meeting one of his close friends
volunteered this statement:
"Negotiations between H. E. Hunt
ington and I. W. Hellman for the
transfer of the latter's interests in the
Pacific Electric Railroad Company of
Los Angeles to the former have be^n
going on for several weeks and finally
resulted in Huntington coming to thi3
city to meet Hellman. At yesterday's
conference Hellman set a price for his
block of stock and Huntingtcn accept
ed the figure. You may state that,
notwithstanding reports to the con
trary. H. E. Huntington and E. H.
Harriman are on the best of terms in
so far as their business relations are
concerned, and that yesterday's pur
chase was made jointly for Hunting
ton and Harriman, who will hereafter
direct the policy of the big Los An
geles street railway and its interurban
extensions. Hellman, however, retains
his interest In the L*>s Angeles Rail
way Company, in which he and H. E.
Huntington are the principal stock
holders,"
The Pacific Electric Railroad of Los
Angeles is the biggest system of its
kind in that city. It controls the inter
urban lines, which for a time threat
ened to make war between tha South
ern Pacific Company and the street
railway owners. It Is regarded as one
of the most valuable properties in this
State. Why Banker Hellman, who was
an Important factor in the financing of
the road, should have decided to retire
Is a matter he and his associates are
not inclined to explain. It was said
by one of his friends last evening that
Hellmcn had realized a good profit
from the sale of his interest and was
satisfied to withdraw.
H. E- Huntingdon, Immediately after
yesterday's meeting, announced his in
tention of departing to-day for New
York, where he will meet President
Harrimac of the Southern Pacific Com
pany, and with the latter he will de
cide on many extensions of the Pacific
electric road, which have been in con
templation for a number of months.
SECOND JURY IS SWORN
TO TRY "NAN" PATTERSON
Assistant District Attorney Rand
Becins His Opening
Statement
NEW YORK, Dec. 8. — After John ;
D. Benedict had been removed from j
the jury box by Justice Davis, in the !
criminal branch of the Supreme Court
tc-day, the two jurors necessary to
complete the panef in* the trial of
"Nan" Patterson for the murder of •
Caesar Youns we're" chosen this after- '.
noon and Assistant District Attorney i
Rand at once began his opening state- j
ment. Miss Patterson .was the only '
woman in the courtroom when the '
prosecutor opened. j
Rand practically repeated the !
charges he made at the former trial, }
which was brought to a sudden end
by the illness of a Juror. "After .Levy,
representing Miss Patterson, had ob
jected to certain statements made by
Rand adjournment" was taken until to
morrow noon. ' |
ELECTRIC CHAIK ENDS
AGED MURDERER'S LIFE
Mail Wlio Killed Civil War Veteran
in 1903 Electrocuted in Oldo •
I'enitentiarj".
COLUMBUS. Ohio. Dec. 9. — Wil
liam Nichols, aged 68. convicted of
the murder of Alfred Minard, a Civil
War veteran, at Kenton, Ohio, in July,
1903, was electrocuted in the annex
at the Ohio penitentiary shortly after
midnight. .
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, .DECEMBER 9,' 1904.
MRS. CHADWICK GOES TO PRISON
Hysteraous Woman -Kepiui^aates : Piatativ§ Sister In Sao Fraecasco
" Mrs. York is neither my sister nor my half-sister nor my sister-in
law. We were raised together.- It is unkind and unfair of any person
to give such a state?nent for publication and I question whether she
gave it, unless she was paid for it. There must have been some in
ducement. No attention should be paid to it." — Statement by Mrs.
TWO -PORTRAITS OF MYSTERIOUS .WOMAN AND UKENESS OF PUTATIVE SISTER WHOM SHE REPUDLVTES.
Remarkable Interview With
Tombs Prisoner.
NEW YORK, Dec. 8.— Mrs. Cassie L.
Chadv.'ick' Is to-night occupying one of
•the scantily furnished cells in the
Tombs. After a fruitless search all day
for bail her attorneys gave up the fight
to-night, and Philip Carpenter, her
chief counsel, stood in the corridor r of
the Federal building at 9 o'clock, when
United States Marshal Henkel . threw
open the double doors of his office and
led the woman out of her. prison. •:
Mrs. Chadwick was wan, tired and al
most fainting. She made- her way
across the hall to the elevator leaning
heavily on the Marshal's arm and on
that of her son, Emil. Behind camethe
nurse, Freda Swenson, . and Deputy
Marshal Kennedy. * • ~"
The party crossed . through a double
row of curious people to a carriage,
which was in waiting on the Broadway
side. Thev were driven directly to the
Tombs. Arriving there Mrs. Chadwick
was half-carried up the steps and into
the building. Warden Flynn met the
party, and after the usual prelimina
ries "had been attended to the woman
asked for permission to have her nurse
remain with her. This was denied, the
Warden saying that she should have
no privileges not allowed other prison
ers. . •• ■;
Mrs. Chadwick gave a handbag and
a few trinkets to the nurse and whis
pered some instructions to her son. She
was then taken to the matron's room.
She asked to say good-night to her son,
and the lad eagerly rushed to his moth
er and wrapping his arms about her
gave her a lone embrace. Then she
was led away to the inner office, where
her pedigree was taken and she was
assigned to a cell. The son and nurse
entered a carriage and were driven to
a hotel.
REPUDIATES MRS. YORK.
Mrs. Chadwlck was Interviewed .to
night as she lay on a' couch in ihe of
fice of "United States Marshal Henkel 1
waiting for her counsel to obtain
bondsmen for her. Ehe and her nurse
and son were in the office with a'dep
uty marshal. Ther.urse and the boy
sat beside the ; weeping woman and
were trying to comfort her. Discussing
the statement made by -Mrs. York of
San Francisco, Mrs. Chadwick said:''
"I ; have not read all of It, but I. ■ojJI!
leave it to public opinion' and to *h
fined^ and educated persons what ; con
clusion they might draw when one sis
ter makes a statement like that against
another sister. To-night in the; pres-;
ence of the Marshal I said to my, little*
boy, 'Emil, have you read Aunt Alice's
statement?!. : He said, ' Yes. V I .was in
hopes the 'had riot, and- said : to"him,
'.What, do ; you t think about- that) .dear?;
and. he replied,' -'It* is nothing more than
I expected v df her.'." ■-.'.
■"Mrs.'Chadwick/.is Mrs. York your
sister?"- 1 ., .""-A .-;-•-- ., . .-,< .■:.-,
i.«"No, she. i%; neither" my s'ster nor my
half sister,' ,• nor.? my.- i sister-in-law. We
were raised •together.". "*■' " " .
'■ "Will.. you .say about her
statement/ that you , are Madame De
vere?V,i: :;?-\ : .\ . . #}■& . • „• ■• .
'Thave ma*<Je absolutely no statement
about: this Madame Devere business,
from beginning to t end. . Out of justice
to my little, boy. L.would not do it.at~the
present- time.- I; don't think that any
responsible person ;would pay^any at
tention' to" a statement made i by Mrs.
York. If I had a sister or brother who
was in trouble, no 'matter what I their
past might have been, . if I could noty
do him or her any, good, I certainly
would shield him or her from harm.Mt
Is unkind and unfair of any person to
give such a' statement for publication
and I question whether she gave it,
unless she was* paid for'it. There must
have been some inducement. <•-
MRS. YORK'S VERACITY.
• "For ; the benefit .»of the newspapers
and the public,; I would suggest that
the newspapers send to two or . three
responsible people in Cleveland who
know Mrs.^: York and ask them] what
they think of her: statement— that Is.
if her .word would be taken— how much
reliance they would put in her word. :
-■••Everything: .will work its way out all
right. for,me and I-dcn't want to .say
anything against. Mrs. York at all. I
shall make a statement here, in the .very
nearfuture and also one In Cleveland.
The newspapers possibly have written
up a great sensation, but I wish you to
say that Madame Devere's whereabouts
and everything "else in connection with
thiB case will, be shown in a very short
time.v In 'justice; to my child. I: don't
think it • right ~ to make any '.further
statement at this time." ;.;,y;S -
[ Mrs. Chadwick referred to a publica
tion | which- intimated that the lawyers
who had come here from the West were
her enemies' and not. her friends.
"I think there Is nobody ' I am more
friendly- ;,wlth' than ■- those . lawyere,"
said | she. { ."Not one of them came here
with .any •' thought 'of.; prosecuting: me.
r don't think the public, quite' under
stands' the -situation.^ Mr.- 'Newton
brought - this , lawsuit ; 'against v me on
Monday. , On Friday they hacTjaVran',
on "t the Wade Park . Bank. * Of .; course
"/ am Mrs. Chadwick? s. sister. I cannot understand why she should
deny the relationship. I have been frequently misquoted in this matter
and it is annoying to me. I. cannot see why I should be supposed to be
vitally interested, either one way or the other. I cannot help it if she
chooses to deny that I am one of the family" — Statement by Mrs,
Mrs. York Adheres to Claim
of Relationship.
.' . Mrs. Alice ; York, j putative sister of
Cassie L>. Chadwlck, who has disturbed
the financial centers of XewJYork and
Ohio, furnishes a new mystery in the
case., Mrs." Chadwick'has" denied that
she has 'a relative ' in San Francisco,
but. Mrs. York ; only laughs at thib
statement and says:
•'."Well, I cannot understand it all. It
(s j not a matter : of importance to me
and cannot possibly interest me one
way or the other. I am Mrs. Chadwick's
Bister, but if she" chooses, to deny the
relationship I don't think that affects
the case either one way or the other."
. Mrs. York denies relationship with
Andrew Carnegie or any other million
aire—unless it i be the tie "that binds
through her sister's marriage with Dr.
Chadwick. The doctor Is a man of ex
tensive means and Mrs. Chadwick has
never, since her marriage to him. had
to both«r about financial matters, says
Mrs.. York.
Years have separated the "sisters"
and they knew of each other only In a
superficial sort of way.
"There has been a great deal said
that is not true about my connection
with this, affair,"- said Mrs. York, last
evening. "I talk with one. moraine
newspaper man; one so-called lawyer.
that frightened the people, because of
the: enormous amount of the lawsuit—
$210,000. That was a .very large amount
in. a little city of only about 400.000 in
habitants. .That amount, of money at
tracted attention: The depositors of the
Wade Park Bank became, alarmed that
the bank was going to be ruined, when
in reality I owed the bank only $17,000,
and it "'was one of- the best and most
conservative banks In Cleveland. Then,
following that, one- of. Mr. Newton's
notes was • in the. Oberlln National
Bank. : On Saturday evening the Ober
lin-Bank opened to receive deposits,
according to its custom, from; 6 to 8
o'clock. The depositors in that bank
read the sensational story that I owed
the Oberlin Bank. They rushed into
the ' bank Saturday night, and instead
of making deposits commenced to draw
their money out. It was a small coun
try Institution and had on hand only
$11 000 or $12,000 In. cash. The other
money belotu'lng to the bank was in
the Cleveland bank, . and, it being Sat
urday night, they were closed up.
SORRY « FOR DEPOSITORS.
■ "The . depositors drew heavily that
night. '.Some one came in with a check;
I think i t % was for $2800 r or i $3300, • a nd
they *-'did -not have' money enough '.'to
THE THEATERS.
ALCAZAR — "The Professor"* I^rre
Story-"
CALIFORNIA — "W>rt> JJInstrels.
COLUMBIA— '"Her Ov/n VTsy."
CENTRAL— "The Subarton."
CHUTES— Vaudeville.
FISCHER'S— Vaudeville.
GRANT) — "In. Dahomey.**
MAJESTIC— 'The Senator."
ORPHEUM- Vandrrtll.* Mstln**— BJ*
chanty benefit.
TTVOLI— -Kt=e Dodo."
who was looking into the 'York estate':
one real estate agent and a phantom
that works for an evening DaDer — he
must have been. a wraith, for there Is
not one word of what was printed yes
terday afternoon that i a true.
"So, our family is not related to An
drew CV.rnegle. , I cannot remember
that hie name has ever been mentioned
in connection with any, o* our family
affairs. I do not know whether my sla
ter was acquainted with him or not. but
I suppose, that she must know some-
Ing about him.
"I came here from Cleveland. Ohio,
with my daughter about fourteen
months ago. Before I left Cleveland
I saw very little of my slater, al
though I knew, to a certain extent.
something about her- life. I knew that
ehe had money and was enjoylncr all
the luxuries of life, but we were not on
other than what may be called friend
ly terms. This affair la annoying to
me to a certain extent, but of little
Interest.
"I cannot understand why Mrs.
Chadwlck should repudiate our rela
tionship, and, as you can easily under
stand; the matter is not vital to me in
any way. I am at a loss to understand
why she should give such a statement
to the press."
pay. Thereore they had to close the
bank. They could not open It again
then and notified the bank examiner.
They said they could not demand the
loan against me, because I was down
here in New York. The story had gon«
out 4hat the bank had. failed, and it
was too late then for anything to be
done. Mr. Miller of Canton, the bank
examiner, had to be sent for. He got
to Oberlin on Sunday and they went
into conference. Mr. Miller found the
bank was in such condition that it had
to be closed, because the depositors had
become so excited about the reports,
they all drew out and nothing would
quiet yiem.
"If It had only happened differently
the bank would not have had to fail be
cause the obligation would have been
paid. I would not like to live a min
ute if I did not think I could pay these
poor people back.' I 'asked Emil. my
son, if anything should happen to. me
If he would do anything to see that the
obligations were paid."
'.SILENT' AS TO CARNEGIE.
,."Mr8. Chadwick, those alleged Carne
gie notes have figured so largely as a
sensational feature in this case that r.o
Continued on Page 4, Column 3.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
ALL PARIS
STIRRED BY
A TRAGEDY
Alleged Murder oi
. Assailant oi
- Andre,
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
PARIS. Dec. 8.— "Xpll the Amertcaiw
people for me that Gabriel Syvetoa
wa3 assassinated." Henri Rochefort
telephoned to-day to the New York
World's Paris correspondent. "Ho 'was
certain of acquittal to-morrow, so they.
found a way to kill him."
Syveton, the Nationalist Deputy,
whose action in striking: Wax Minister
Andre in the Chamber of Deputies oa
November 4 led to the Minister** resig
nation, was found dead late this after
noon, having been asphyxiated by gn.
"Syveton breakfasted with his wlf*
and several friends and arose from tha
table tt 2 o'clock." Rochefort contin
ued. "He was found dead in h!s study
soon after 3 o'clock. The chimney of
his gas stove had been choked with
my newspaper of to-day. Incontestable
proofs will show that it was a cowardly
assassination, and you can quote Henri
Rochefort as saying: so."
Syveton's sensational attack on Gen
eral Andre was made after an exciting
debate, In which the Nationalists ac
cused Andre of maintaining: spies who
supplied him with secret Information
concerning the private life of officers
of the army. Syveton struck Andre. In
order to save the Combes Ministry An
dre resigned the portfolio of war on
November 13.
The dramatic circumstances of Syve
ton's death have caused a profound
sensation. His trial was to have opened
to-morrow on the charge of having: as
saulted a Minister In the exercise of his
functions, but he would have been tried
in the Assizes by a Jury, and that was
all his friends desired.
FRO31ISES TO STARTLE
PUBLIC BY REVELATIONS
CLlcaeo Alderman Who Said Ho Was
Offered Bribe Makes a Sen
sational Threat.
CHICAGO, Dec. 8. — "My charge of
bribery in connection with the pas
sage of the Ravenswood elevated rail
road ordinance is only a beginning of
what I have to reveal. I will follow
the charge up with revelations which
will startle tlie public."
This statement was made to-day by
Alderman Butler, who in the City
Council Monday night declared he was
offered money for his vote on the or
dinance and hinted that wholesale cor
ruption had been used to secure tna
pessagre of the ordinance. \2
MINERS UNITE IN REQUEST TO
ROOSEVELT TO HELP THEM
RESOLVED, by the California Miners' Association, That we beg you, as President of the United States,.to assist in the
solution of this problem affecting all the interests of a great commonwealth, by instructing the Director of the United
States Geological Survey, through the Secretary of ( the Interior, as part of his study of the storage of flood waters and
the reclamation of waste lands, to undertake a particular study of those portions of the Sacramento and San Joaquin valleys
affected by the detritus from torrential streams. — From Memorial Adopted by Miners' Convention.
Memorial Adopted in
Interest of Big
Industries.
OFFICERS ELECTED
Benjamin Is Chosen
President for Next
Year.
SEEKING NEW LAWS
The California miners' convention
yesterday memorialized President
Roosevelt to take steps that may ulti
mately permit the resumption of hy
draulic mining in California. First the
convention adopted the memorial as a
part of the report of the committee on
resolutions, and the vote was unanim
ous in its favor. Instruction was then
given to segregate the memorial and to
forward it to Washington without de
lay, sending with it a copy of the ad
dress delivered by Professor Christy of
the University of California, in which
the entire situation is exhaustively re
viewed.
The memorial sets forth that "we are
firmly convinced that by a rational ap
plication of the laws governing the
deposition of sediment from torrential
streams the industries of both hydrau
lic mining and agriculture may be car
ried on in this region, not only without
prejudice to each other, but to their
mutual advantage."
A suecific request is made to the
President '"to assist in the solution of
this problem, affecting all the interests
of a great commonwealth, by instruct
ing the director of the United States
Geological Survey, through the Secre
tary of the Interior, as a part of his
study of the storage of flood waters and
the reclamation of waste lands, to un
dertake a particular study of those por
tions of the Sacramento and San Joa
quin valleys affected by the detritus
from torrential streams. In view of the
importance of this inquiry to the three
fundamental industries of agriculture,
mining and commerce, we beg that this
inquiry be rndertaken at the earliest
opportunity and pushed to completion
as rapidly as consistent with thorough
ness."
The preamble to the resolutions, that
were made a part of the memorial to
President Roosevelt, contained many
interesting statements. Including men
tion of millions in treasure idly buried
in the ancient river channels of Cali
fornia.
TKXl' OF MTCMORIAIj.
The text of the memorial is as fol
lows:
To the President of the United States, "Wash
ington I>. C. :
Whereas TT-e placpr and hydraulic miner,
who originally dev^lop^l the resources of Lal
ifornia and opened them to the world, ob
;«in»d title from the Government of the United
Ptaies to his r'.aeer lands with the common
jnderrtanflir.r that th-y were to be worked
and th«>ir pold content recovered in accordance
with methods of sluicing and hydraulic mining
rublicJv known to have be«n devised and used
tor thi purpose from the earliest stages of
placer mining:
Whor'-as. Many deposits of gold to the value
r>f millions of dollars are now idly buried in
•he ancient river channels of California, under
•uch conditions that they can be profitably
worked neither by dredgine, nor by drifting,
nor by any other process than that of hydrau
lic mining; ,
tthcrfas. The jrold extracted by the hydrau
lic miner was generously poured into the
trcarurv r<f the United states Government in
the dark <iaye of the CMvil war, when the na
tional currency was worth only .V> cents on
the dollar thrs materially assisting in main
taining th" credit of the Government and in
tavti:c the Union;
Whereas, The hydraulic miner has been re
strained by th» United State* eourts from dis
charging bowlders, gravel, sand, clay and
otb^r matter In suFper.cioa into the navigable
water? of the State, whereby the industry of
hydraulic mining baa been destroyed and prop
erty to the value of over $100,000,000 has been
lillflllifl idle and unprodu-^ive since 1884. the
natural wealth of the Ktate rendered unavall
tb!e. anl a. deadlock has resulted between the
fundamental industries of agriculture and
mining.
Whereas. While admitting the injurious ef
fort of raining debris where not effectually re
rtrained .the unavoidable effect of natural ero
sion and sedimentation has been ignored in
the mind.* of the courts es wtll as of the
farmers, and all th» injury due to natural
caiiFe* has Xtf^n charged to hydraulic mining;
Chas. Keilus & Co.
E x c 2 u s i v e
tiigh-Grade CSothiers
X» Branch Stores and No Agents.
ORIGINAL CREATIONS
PROM CLEVER PEOPLE
WHO HAVE MADE'
SMART, GOOD CLOTHES
FOR HALF A CENTURY
ARE REPRESENTED
IN THIS MODERN SHOP
TCe Have a Table of Baits-
Broken Lots — Very Interesting
Trices. Perhaps One Will Fit You.
Kearny Street
T h u r I o w Block
Whereas. Should hydraulic mining forever
c«.a»e. to the Injury of the miner, the natur&l
process of erosion and sedimentation would
EtiU continue to the Injury of the farmer and
th» navigable waters of the State;
Whereas. We are firmly cnvluced that by a
rational application of th» laws governing the
deposition of sediment from torrential streams,
the industries of hydraulic mining and agri
culture can both be carried on In this region,
not only without prejudice to each other, but
to their mutual advantage: and
Whereas. This question is primarily a geo-
Icgical one ard can be solved only by geolo
gists who have devoted their lives to the study
of erosion and sedimentation, in mountain as
well as in valley regions; therefore, be it
Resolved, liy the California Miners' Asso
ciation that we btg you, as President of the
United States, to assist in. the solution of this
problem affecting all the interests of a great
commonwealth, by instructing the Director of
the United States Geological Survey, through
the Secretary of the Interior, as uart of his
study of the storage of flood waters and the
reclamation cf waste lands, to undertake a
particular study of those portions of th« Sac
ramento and San Joaquln valleys affected b>
the detritus from torrential streams.
The points we wish particularly considered
are:
Klrst — Th« most favorable sites for reser
voirs fcr water, whereby destructive floods
may be averted and the waters stored and
utilized for the benefit of agriculture, mining
ana other industries.
Second — The selection of suitable tracts of
waste lands and of the most suitable means
whereby the detritus from torrential streams
r>ay be. deposited on such waste lands, bo aa
to reclaim them ajid convert them gradually
into lands suitable for fores-try and other agri
cultural purposes, and at the same time to re
move from euch streams their burden of de
tritus so that they may cease to be a menace
to the navigable waters of the State.
Jn vi«w of the Importance of this inquiry
to the three great fundamental industries cf
agriculture, mininjr and commerce, -we beg
that this inquiry be undertaken at the earliest
opportunity and pushed to completion as rap
iifly as consistent with ■ thoroughness.
BENJAMIN PROMOTED.
A new board of officers was selected
for the next twelve months. Senator
C. M. Belshaw had announced that he
could not serve another term as pres
ident. "When the nominations for
president were opened Niles Searls
referred to this and complimented the
adminstration for efficient work.
. Though eighty years of age; he then
made an address full of fire and vim.
He nominated for president Edward
H. Benjamin, who has held the office
of secretary of the association during
seven years. There was no other nom
ination. In compliment to Benjamin
the nominations were closed imme
diately after his name had been pro
posed. He was elected unanimously.
The same proceeding was adopted in
the selection of vice president and
treasurer.
C. H. Dunton of El Dorado County
was made vice president. S. J. Hendy
was elected treasurer for the eighth
time.
President Benjamin made an ear
nest speech, in which he said that to
make the work a success the miners
must stand by him and the commit
tees must do ' their work thoroughly
and promptly. His speech made a de
cidedly good impression.
Vice Presidf-nt Duntoy made the
v.ittiest speech that lias been hoard in
the convention for years. Treasurer
Kcndy is out of the St.-ite.
A report was received from A. Cam
ir.etti. chairman of the committee on
debris dams. The works on the Yuba
River were described carefully.
PUOPOSE NEW DAMS.
In accordance with the suggestions
in the report of the Caminetti com
mittee the following resolution was
adopted:
Kc.io!ved, That wa urgently request our rep
refcentatives !n Congress and in the State Leg
islature to secure appropriations for the pur
pose of build'n? restraining daniB and barriers
for mining debris upon the tributaries of the
Eacramento and the Saj) Joaquln rivera, viz. :
upon the Bear, American. Consumnea, Mokcl
umne and Calavcras rivera and their respective
branches.
Congress was requested to establish
a department of mineral industries.
Amendment of the Code of Civil Pro
cedure wai recommended so that,
taken In connection with other sec
tions of the statute concerning min
ers' and material men's liens, the
owner of a mine may bond his mine
or enter into agreements concerning
the same "and still be able tq protect
his property against liens .for labor
and materials for the contracting of
which he is not personally responsi
ble."
Amendment of section 2325, of the
;HE SAN FRANCISCO GAEL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1904.
Revised Statutes of the United States
was adrvocated, the amendment con
sisting of the addition of a provision
that all patents for mineral lands
hereafter granted by authority of the
United States shall contain the date
of the location of the claim or claims
upon which the patent Is based, and
that such statements shall be prlma
facie evidence of such location. The
California Congressional delegation
■was urged to press for the adoption
of House bill No. 8892, now before
Congress.
California Congressmen were urged
to use every honorable means to have
House bill No. 8893, otherwise known
' - ■• - ' AfrVEKTlSJEMEXTS. ■ ■
A^fcj... 2ffr*;' is AX^2*)UJlUi ■ • Ivvd ft i^V) \Mm\J\J ClttlM ,
\j v I ' .- ' £'' i.'mm- ■ Upon looking ovej our stock of boys' overcoats we found some that
-i^^^^P^-'^M^M^^fW^^m • we w i s ft t0 sell right now while there is a dermnd for them.
0^'0m^-^-'^ :^ !^^M^^0 They have been selected from our $7.50, $6.00 :>nd $5.00 lines, which
v? have been sold out except a few s zes. There an 152 co^ts in all, ranging
\SV*^**' % -\jijf\-X-"'Av^^^^^ ;.. in ages from 3 to 13 years.' The sale price is $3.35.
I>1 ?%- "'■••■. : /&rtfev' '/* teflf :-p ; ;j;;;:We only have 152 garments — ccme early — the 153d person will be
*?®^Sttp^^^S&@^^ ■ disappointed. Be one of the 152 and save $2 to $4.
M^^^0I:^^^^^^^^W^ ■ ■' Tn e coats are tan coverts in the style as pictured. Some have silk
-'"' 'ining in' the sleeves.
r^M^W^^W^^Ww^ ■'■'■'■•*■■' ' The^aie starts this morning at eight o'clock. Why not buy the boy
/" - ' • . Tv >^^^^^f a coat for a Christmas present ?
'*"'. • --'■••"• r^S^lk ■ ■'. .-. 'V '■ ' ■'■'■/'.. -V, .V^-.- t'^;--- Caps for Boys
If"-'", j ■'.•-•': " V '" > --^^K$|^B : '■•"-' ■■''■'■ r - ' Gojf caps, in a good'assorfrneni'^- patterns; : 15c.
3^^^^-; • ; ?v"v :^ -Sweaters for Boys
J^..''-' : r- : -'-'-- Wool sweaters, plain shades, such as garnet, navy, black and oxford;
' also combination stri P s - c > worth $1.25 and $1.00: special at 85c.
ft ' Cup and Saucer Free
l||y||, '. ; ;r These are beautifully decorated cups and saucers— dainty and neat
■^BS» ■.'-'' for serving black ccffee. We have -several styles for you to choose from.
L A CU P anc * saucer W * JI be 8 jven f ree w >th purchases of' $1 or over.
l v . : .;.;;:-v : -, y;T»..vy^\.<r>::^^SintaXlaus'isihere with candy free'for the children who are accom-
JP 1 !■# m* «!* "^ r. .' . • ■ ... t> I Mt* L* H*- Xj
■••■■•" \ ...■■■'■'•■ '-1y- 740 Market Street | |
OFFICERS ELECTED BY THE CALI
FORNIA MINERS' ASSOCIATION. AND
TOASTM ASTER H. D. LOVELAND.
as the mineral lands WH. made law.
FILING MINING 'CLAIMS: \ -
A law was recommended to provide
for the filing with registers of the
United States land offices of copies of
mining claims to be accompanied with
a specific description of Jhe lands
claimed in such form that the same
ma.y be platted on the land office rec
ords. The following* resolution was
adopted relative to the fixing of fares
and freights by the Interstate Com
merce Commission:
. Resolved. That we urge upon Congress the
passage of a ' law to provide that hereafter,
when the Interstate Commerce Commission
phall. in any case pending before it. under the
act to regulate commerce, approved February.
4, 1887, *s amended or supplemented by other
acts of Congress, decide that a rate for the
transportation of freight or passengers is un
reasonable or unjust, it shall be th« duty of
the commission to Hx a rate in lieu of the
rat's it has found unreasonable and unjust.
A suitable appropriation for the
WEBER PLEADS
"NOT GUILTY"
Motion Made by the Defense
for Dismissal of Murder
Charge Is Denied by Court
AN EXCEPTION IS TAKEN
Attorney General Webb De
cides to Take a Hand in
Prosecution of the Case
AUBURN, Dec. 8.— Judge Prewett to
day denied the motion of counsel for
Adolph Weber to set aside the infor
mation charging him with the murder
of his mother. Judge Prewett said that
if there was any evidence at all in the
record that tended to show the guilt of
the accused, it was not within his Jur
isdiction to review the conclusions of
the Justice of the Peace who had com
mitted Weber for trial. Were the pro
ceedings on habeas corpus he could
pass on the question of the insufficiency
of evidence, but in the present case he
could not. As it was the transcript
contained sufficient evidence to justify
him in denying the motion for a dis
missal. ■ . -,y ...
Attorney Tabor took an exception to
the action of the court and Weber be
ing called on to plead, entered a plea
of not guilty. §
The defense then asked that the mat
ter" of setting the case for trial be post
poned and by consent it went over till
next Monday afternoon.
WILL. AID PROSECUTION'.
Attorney General Webb to Take
Charge of Weber Cose.
In response to the request of the
Placer County Board of Supervisors
and of many prominent people through
out the State, Attorney General Webb
is making arrangements to lend assist
ance to the prosecution in the Weber
murder case. The prosecuting attor
ney has refused all offers of aid, but the
Attorney General has jurisdiction to
assume charge of the case in spite of
objections from that official. "w',
Attorney General Webb was undecid
ed yesterday whether to go to Auburn
himself or send an assistant. In view
of the great importance of the case, he
is being urged to take personal charge
of the prosecution.
Headaches From Colds.
LAXATIVE BROMO QUININE remove* the
cause. To get -the genuine, call for full name
and look for signature of E. W. Grove. 25c. *
support of the State Mining Bureau
was recommended to the Legislature.
The improvement of the navigability
of waters of California* and the recla
mation of waste lands "that may be
accomplished without injury to the
mining interests of the State" were
advocated. The making of a geolog
ical map for California was favored
and the Governor and Legislature
were asked to consider the desirability
and propriety of making the necessary
appropriation to carry out this work,
suggesting that the detail work be
performed by the geological depart
ment of the University of California.
The- work of organizations to im
prove forestry conditions and con
serve the water supply in California
was indorsed. Also the work of the
good roads convention at Glen Ellen
and the efforts of all similar organiza
tions for better roads.
A resolution of interest to the pe
troleum miners of California was
adopted asking that oil land locators
shall have the advantages accorded
to other miners.
John F. Davis reported for the
committee on legislation. Recom
mendations were made by the com
mittee which were embodied in the
resolutions regarding legislation that
have been summarized in the fore
going.
BANQUET IS ENJOYED.
Around the table at the St. Fran
cis Hotel last evening the delegates to
the thirteenth annual convention of
the California Miners' Association
PI ||j||f I || J So many people look
1''.™?' I I on *^ e P ract * cal s^ e °f
' i li'rfl \ ' * Christmas giving — give
IIilISS il I lasting gifts that will be
I Illl J| : i-]|l lived with — a daily re-
I Pllll l« J\. minder of the giver's
I tf^-S pll W Furniture, of course, ap-
| ! i| ■ peals to them first — most
\| used, most practical. Then
the advantage of paying
Music Cabinet,, $11.75 for it at your convenience,
Tasty carving on the door and, let especially at Christmas,
us add. the* door is made of mahog- . , J
any. veneered, of course. The rest of when eVeTV DUTSe. TlCn Or
the Cabinet is made of mahoganlied WIIC11 cvci v F UIJt » Mtn Wl
birch. The whole is highly polished. nnr\r ic hoovihr T9Y«ar1
Just the thing for Christmas giving. P00r, IS neaVliy taxeQ.
=jy? Upholstered Rocker, $9.50
1_r»~,l,.~_~ n>»j „* l ff-i nf\ Makes the best kind of a Christmas
HandSOme Pedestal, $3.90 present. Mahoganized birch. polish-
Made of polished quarter-sawed ed. Full spring seat, upholstered In
oak, beautifully turned and fluted. silks or heraldic tapestries. Th«
The column is 5 inches in diameter — broad, flat banisters in the back are
massive, substantial. daintily carved.
■raw J/vi SrSr Ka 8 M R^J t J if Rq^I
Bdi" l ijr%j L "\'Sr ir %pa w *» ™ th f i ■ J fewrTa »i 'JTtiL^ W w\
Kl e « Btf> a 9 rat < n H i 1 a *¥l f2£?bifl-JC$m!L?ii£ii •"-fflr-SaMSgBI t
Bw I I Kt 41 tm is I w • 3 Is Jm S8W*y^!£i^^fi ai V— L l^Li
passed a pleasant and instructive
evening. Though the story of the
rick-ribs of the -mountain had been
told in convention and the science of
metallurgy expounded, there' remained
for discussion several questions cf in
terest to the delegates.
These were cared for last night by
able speakers at the direction of H.
D. Loveland, who acted as toastmas
ter. Judge John F. Davis responded
to the toast, "The Miners of Califor
nia"; Tlrey L. Ford told of "The Law
on the Miner"; Andrew Carirgan
spoke on "Merchants and Manufac
turers"; Franklin K. Lane on "Cali
fornia — Her Varied Industries"; the
Rev. Jacob Voorsanger on "Our Me
tropolis," and S. M. Shortrldge on
"Our Flag."
The banquet tables were beautiful
ly decorated, the menu was elaborate
and the wines and cigars were goo-1.
Finally, the speecrfes were excellent
and won the commendation of all.
UNITED STATES BRANCH '{<_
STATEMEPST
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OP THE
LIVERPOOL AMD LONDON
AND GLOBE
IHSORAHCE COMPAHT
OF LIVERPOOL. ENGLAND. ON THE 31st
day of December. A. D.. 1903. and for th<»
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner, of th« State of Cali-
fornia, oursuant to the provisions of Sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.. $1,866,013 00
Loons on Bonds and Mortgages. . 3.40S.73O 0O
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. 3.767.408 23
Cash la Company's Office S.J5S0 42
Cash In Banks 1.308,332 ttt
Interest due and accrued on -, ■«
Bonds and Mortgages 43,415 03
! Premiums In due Course of Col-
lection 1.543, 64S 94
Rents due and accrued 10.000 00
Due from other Companies for re-
insurance on losses already paid 2.531 03
Total Assets $12,056,018 CO
LIABILITIES. ' "
Losses adjusted and unpaid $24 i»
Lobses In process of Adjustment
or in Suspense &3.033 51
Losses resisted, including ex-
penses 67.250 CO
Grcss premiums en Fire Risks
running one year or less. $3.-
010 282 40: reinsurance 50 per
cent. 2.5C5.1U 20
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running more than one year.
15 163.7S3 65; reinsurance pro
tata.. •• 2.I6D.236M
CcmmlssloM and Brokerage du»
and to become due 225.360 23
Due and to become due for Re-
turn Premiums and Reinsur-
ance 2ST.122 53
Amount reo»aimable by insured
on perpetual flre policies 27S.S23 *>
All other Liabilities. ?».72O 73
Total Liabilities $3.S9«.37S 13
INCOME. "'
Net cash actually received *»'„,.,,
Fire premiums $«.85»,533 7*
Rreelved for Interest on Bonds
and Mortgages 130.140 U
Received for Interest and divi-
dends on Bonds. Stocks. Loans
and from all other sources 155.818 04
Received for Rents 99,411 68
Total Income '• $7,239,634 10
EXPENDITURES. £
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including J5US.S33 23, losses
'of previous years) $3,478,815 10
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage 1.129.875 78
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
chax«re« for of fleers, clerks, etc S77.131 05
Paid for State. National and
Local taxes -- 174.200 7*
AH other payments and expendi-
tures 434.908 11
■ ,
Total Expenditures $3.5.02.939 7e
r ♦ ' '- ' " —=
Fire.
Lo&ses Incurred during the yesr..$3.fiO3,SS9 19
Risks and Premiums. I Fire Risks.) Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year S303.3S4.S01 $10,552,180 73
Net amount of Risks!
expired durlnc the)
year I 8SO.705.4O7 9.15S.6S1 43
Net amount 'n force
December 31. 100n.| 053.557.912 10,174.066 05
HARRT W. EATON, U. a Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, tht«
SUi day of February. 1304.
Yf. H. WILEET. Notary Public
County of "Westcbester. N. Y.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT:
422 California Street. SAN FRANCISCO
CHARLES D. HAVEN, ResUatSett
i C MASON KDTOE, Assistant Sefy. > -i ■-. •:■;
WbbM7 Gai$Oo Der leafLAWSON PROFITS
MANY MILLIONS
BY BEAR RAID
Greatest Panic Wall Street Has
Known Since the Northern
Pacific "Corner."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON. Dec. 8.— Thomas W. Law
son, the Boston copper stock manipu
lator and author of "Frenzied
Finance." backed by John W. Gates and
others, has knocked over $114,000,000 off
the value of the stock market securi
ties within the last three days and has
developed the greatest bear raid in the
history of Wall street. The greater
portion of this shrinkage in vaJue has
come to Amalgamated Copper, vhich
lost nearly $2:2,000,000 in market value
■within two davs.
.Leaving out the other Boston copper
ptocks, which Fuffered severely but
not in compaiison with Xew York
6tockB, the principal shrinkages* were:
Baltimore and Ohio, more than $4,000,
000; Illinois Central. S6.000.000; Penn
sylvania, nearly 510.000,000; Steel com
mon. $21. 000.000; Steel preferred, $16.
600.000 and Southern Pacific $7,500,000,
with Missouri Pacific. New York Cen
tral. Brooklyn Ilapid Transit, Read
ing, Tennessee Coal and Iron. Sugar,
Colorado Fuel and Union Pacific trail
ing in tne millions.
Laxvson has developed the most orig
inal method of raiding the stock mar
ket known to the "street." Sitting
quietly in his rooms at Young's he has
battered the newspapers of the coun
try with telegraphed advertisements
and bulletins, for which he paid enor
mous sums in space and telegraph
tolls. To-day he wired every evening
paper of consequence hourly bulletins
simultaneously, telling just what he
proposed to do.
"Frenzied Finance" magazine ar
ticles and their subsequent reviews, in
the newspapers have given him a pub
licity and blind following such as
Keene. -Jim" Fisk, Hutchinson, Leiter
or Gat^s ivoulti never have dreamed
of. He has cleared a profit of millions
through the raid.
NEW YORK, Dec. 8.— Amid scenes of
uncontrolled excitement and frenzied
haste to sell securities, the New York
Stock Exchange to-day witnessed the
most sensational decline in prices that
it has known since the historic North-
APyiEatTlSJ^iKXTS.
Uloss-iSiear I
i An attractive dis-
play of the finest*
creations in Gentle-
men's Clothing
and Haberdashery.
The noted F. B.
Q. hand' made
clothing in the
fashiana ble
winter models.
(white: building)
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
TRANSATLANTIC
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HAMBUPG, IN GERMANY. ON THE
31st <2ay of December. A. li., 1SX>3. and for j
the year ending on that day. as made to the '
Insurance CommlKlcner of the State of Cali-
fornia, parodist to the provisions of Sections !
€10 and fill of the Political Code, condensed as |
per blank furnished by the Commissioner:
ASSETS.
Csyh Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company .$123,600 00
Cash in Company's Office 383 72
Cash in Banks 2S.599 98
Interest due an<5 accrued on all
Ftocks and Loans 3,8*7 47
Premiums tn due Course of Collec-
tion 84,70187
Bil'.s receivable, not Matured, tak»n
for Fire and Marine J:isk« 1,067 90
I>je from other Conuwnfe* for Re-
insurance on losses already paid.. 179 93
Ort;ftcaie cf Deposit in hands of
United State* Trustee* 100.500 CO
Total A»«ts itSggOtt
LIABILITIES.
LnsF«a adjusted and unpaid $2,096 72
W>t*ct In process cf Adjustment or
In £u!p«nse C.I 47 00
Losse» resisted, including expencee.' 6,508 94
Grof« iirezr.iutns on Fire Risks run-
ning <-ne year or less. ("44,462 81;
reinsurance 60 per cent 122.23145
Cross premium* on Fire Risks run-
ntngr »nore than cne year, $206,-
4"r. 06; reinsurance pro rata 117,603 39
Czrr.n.-.ff.rr.? and Brokerage due and
to become due 19.91S 05
Return Presaiunis end Reinsurance
Premium* 7.671 75
Total Liabilities $2S3.1?7 SO
INCOME.
JCet ctfh actually received for Fire
premiums $317,614 05
lieceived for interest and dividends
on Bends. Stocks, Loans, end from
all othei sources 13,7J>2 75
lieicitud from Home Office 20,974 C5
Total Ineom« $358 381 35
EXPENDITURES.
Ket amount :.a!d for Fire Locses
Oncludinjr SK..391 «. loe»*s of
previous year* > $177,757 S2
raid or allowed for Commission or
Brck^aee 8G.S06 13
Paid for . c a]ari«*F. Few and other
charjres for officers, clerk». etc.. 21,010 60
Peid lor State. National, and Local
taxes » <n< c«
All other payments and expen'di-
tarP * 19,246 08
Total Expenditures .$308,344*49
Ixxyes Incurred during the year $174,763 9C
Klsks and Premiums. !Flre P.iskg.; Premlume.
Net amount of Risks] ~j
wr'.ttt-n during the!
year ; $^1,137,643 J1C(5"Vki
j:et amount of Risks! j ♦ K *'- 36 «•
expired during the] j
X+t amount in force! WpJW
December 31. 1903. . j SO.7S2.ft0c! <y>.938 97
ADOLPH LOEE. United States Manager "
Subscribed and tro-oro to before me this Rth
Aay cf February. 13C4. ' u 6th
MARK A. FOOTE
Notary Public.
Pacific Department Established 1872.
V. C. DRIFFIELD, Manager.
H. DANKER, Asst. Manager.
221 SANSOME ST.,
San Francisco, Cal.,
Te.cphonr .No, o81<* Main.
ern Pacific panic of May 9, 1901.
Warned by the signs of the coming
storm made visible yesterday in the
preponderance of orders to sell over
those to buy, the traders were early
on the floor of the exchange. When the
gong sounded for the opening of busi
ness there came from the struggling
groups of brokers on the crowded floor
a roar of human voices so loud that it
thrilled those who heard it. At first it
seemed that all were sellers and none
was left to buy.
As the shrieking men surged around
th*» trading posts, the "impending im
portant developments" in this stock,
"the possible increase of dividend" on
another, "the coming agreement with
its principal rival" of a third or what
ever were the bull arguments on which
advances were based were all forgotten
and brokers sought only to get rid of
the stocks they held. The scene was
observed by a throng of visitors in the
gallery.
AMALGAMATED GIVES WAX:
First to give way in the hurly-burly
was Amalgamated Copper, against
which a campaign by newspaper adver
tisement has recently been conducted.
Dropping sometimes a point at a time,
it fell until it sold at 5S^. a decline of
10 points since last night's close, and
of 22 points from the highest of Tues
day. The 22-point recession represented
a decrease in the market value of the
company's total capital stock of more
than $30,000,000.
Next \o Amalgamated Copper, the
leader in the excitement was United
Slates Steel Corporation stock, the
c<nnmon falling to and the pre
ferred to S4. overnight declines of 8Vi
points and 7% points, respectively, and
declines of SM points for the common
and 1076 points for the preferred from
Tuesday's highest.
The shrinkage in quoted values
from Tuesday represented about $45,-
Omi.000 on the common and $36,000,000 on
the preferred, an aggregate on the
company's capital stock of more than
J80.O00.O00.
MARGIN'S ARE WIPED OUT.
Other sensational declines were 5U
in Union Pacif c. 4 1-S in Southern Pa
cific, 6 3-S in American Sugar, 2Vj in
American Tobacco preferred, 7*4 in
BrooKlyn Transit, 1% in St.' Paul,
11*4 in Colorado Fuel, 11 in Michigan
Central, o 1 , in Missouri Pacific and 9V t
in Tennessee Coal and* Iron. Values
throughout the entire list were cut
down with great rapidity, weekly mar
gined accounts were wiped out and for
nearly two hours the demoralization
was complete. During this period the
transactions amounted to about 900.000
shares.
The frightened throwing over of
stocks almost without regard to prices
was checked about noon, and there fol
lowed a period of irregularity. Heavy
buying orders appeared, quotations
started upward, and before 1 o'clock
many of the active stocks had regained
considerable of their losses. The tone
of the trading remained feverish, but
the rally was well held and the close
was. comparatively speaking, severely
quiet. The total sales of all stocks to
day were 2,905,400 shares.
Many causes for the day's selling
were suggested, but the general opin
ion seemed to be that the bull market
had brought in many buyers on small
margins, and when the signs of an im
pending break were seen yesterday the
holders were forced to sell out their
speculative "purchases at whatever
prices wer*» obtainable.
BROKERS OX WARPATH.
NEW YORK. Dec. 8.— It is likely
that interesting developments will fol
low the collapse of prolonged specula
tion in the shares of the Montreal and
Boston Consolidated Mining Company's
stocks, a curb issue, which fell to-day
from $3 56% a share to 50 cents. It is
estimated that fully $750,000 has been
lost somewhere in the manipulation of
this stock and it was freely hinted to-
night among numerous brokers who
fell victims to the speculative game
that a trap had been laid and that they
had been badly SQiieezed.
At the New York Athletic Club bro
kers who hold Montreal and Boston
stock held a meeting to decide on what
measures shall be taken to protect
themselves. It is understood that the
decision of this meeting has for its ob
ject the drastic punishment of those
whom they believe guilty of what they
term "a plant."
Monroe & Monroe of 20 Broadway,
who have been actively identified with
the promotion and sale of Marconi
Wireless stock, have been within the
last month or two very prominent in
the marketing of Montreal and Boston
stock.
By all artifices known to manipu
lative Wall street Montreal and Boston
stock has been brought to the atten
tion of the speculative world. It has
been freely advertised in newspapers
as a "sure thing." Purchasers of the
stock were practically guaranteed
against loss. To give persons an evi
dence of guarantee several New York
Stock Exchange houses lent their
names and assistance to efforts to
mark up the price of the stock. Curb
brokers were given unlimited orders to
buy and sell the issue. Scores of them
were congratulating themselves on the
enormous commissions they had reaped
from the execution of orders Intrusted
to them. In the collapse all these
profits were swept away to-day. The
speculative bubble was pricked to-day
when it became known that Monroe &
Monroe were unable to take stocks for
which they had given contracts." In
stantly the price of Montreal and Bos
ton collapsed.
X-RAYS CAUSE THE SKIN
OF XEGRO TO TURN WHITE
Discovery of Pennsylvania Savant Af
firms the Statements Made by
Other Scientists.
PHILADELPHIA. Dec. 8. — Dr.
Henry K. Pancoast, University of
Pennsylvania x-ray specialist and
sklographer, affirms the claim previ
ously made that continued use of
x-rays on negro patients produces a
gradual change in the shade of the
skin and that in time it becomes
white. ■ |
Dr. Pancoast treated a negro for
lupus, which had affected the pa
tient's nose and part of his face. It
was found after the treatment had
been continued daily for more than a
month the skin on the affected part
had become entirely -yhite.
Bubonic Plague Scare.
NEW YORK. Dec. 8.— The British
tramp steamer Coronation, which ar
rived to-day from Java, was held at
quarantine for investigation of an al
leged case of bubonic* plague on the
voyage, a Russian sailor, who Is held
for examination, . . . . \ , .
*HE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', FRIDAY/DECEMBER 9, 1004.
POPE UNVEILS
VIRGIN'S STATUE
Anniversary of Proclamation
of Dogma of Immaculate
Conception Is Celebrated
BEILLIANT CEREMONIES
Jubilee Ends With Banquet
to the Many Notables Who
Gather in Rome for Affair
ROME, Dec. 8.— A pontifical mass
was celebrated to-day In St. Peter's
in honor of the fiftieth anniversary of
the proclamation of the Dogma of the
Immaculate Conception. A procession
which went down to St. Peter's by the
grand staircase from the Vatican was
imposing in the extreme, owing to
the variety of the uniforms of the
guards, the richness of the papal
court costumes, the purple of the
Bishops' robes and the Cardinals' vest
ments, forming a brilliant setting for
the venerable. \vhite-garbe<3 figure of
Pius X. The procession passed on to
the papal altar, where was deposited
the triple crown.
After the celebration of mass at the
hich altar the procession slowly re
formed and wended, its way to the
chapel choir, where the Pontiff with
great emotion presided over the un
veiling of the statue of the Virgin of
the Immaculate Conception, bearing
its magnieent new diamond crown, the
gift of the faithful in all parts of the
world. This is the statue which was
crowned by Pope Pius IX at the time
of the promulgation of the Dogma of
the Immaculate Conception.
After the ceremony the procession
returned to the Vatican, the Pope, who
was fatigued, going immediately to his
private apartments.
In the beautiful hall of the Borgia
apartment in the Vatican Papal Secre
tary Merry del Val gave a sumptuous
dinner of thirty-six covers this evening
in honor of the guests who have ar
rived in Rome for the jubilee. America
was represented by Bishop McDonnell
of Brooklyn.
Rome was literally ablaze to-night
with illuminations in honor of the.jubi
lee of the immaculate conception. St.
Peter's was the chief center of the illu
minations, but the display at the
American College was very effective,
Venetian lanterns, electric lights and
torches being utilized, with striking re
sults.
PRESS CLUB HOLDS FULL
SWAY AT THE TTVOLI
Annual Entertainment Attracts Im
mense Audience That Revels in
Clever Performance.
"The Press Club owned the Tivoll
last night." President W r . C. Holli
way said so in the speech he made be
fore the curtain at the end of the first
act. He said the club owned every
thing about the Tivoli, even the lovely
chorus girls. He wanted everybody to
have a good time. He wanted the au
dience to "Jolly up" and thoroughly
enjoy themselves.
The great audience took up the
spirit of the occasion and at once en
tered into the full enjoyment of the
splendid performance of "King Dodo."
Local hits written by members of the
club were frequently interspersed.
These were short, snappy and bright
and well interpolated by the actors.
Every song in the opera was encored.
Al! the principals were favored by the
club with great ba»£ets of violets.
When they came on at the finale of the
opera each wore a bunch' of these fra
grant blossoms.
Following the entertainment at the
Tivoll a reception was held at the
home of the club.
California Wins More Honors.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 8. — The Cal
ifornia commission to the exposition
at St. Louis to-day sent a telegram to
Governor Pardee announcing that the
commission had just awarded two
grand prizes and thirteen additional
medals to the California exhibit. These
are only partial returns from appeals
made by the California commission
ers.
Suits Overcoats
/ -:-*?%S lCravenettes$10
M * w- : '""<^^^M^ *~'^ ; "V. ? i / y° u want a shore top coat to come above your
; !^ '^i^i. knees, we have it; if a Chesterfield, long enough
~-^£rP^^^ • to cover your knees, we have it; if a long gar-
-asvz»f ''F^z^^fM^ ' ment'to come just above the ankles, we have it.
~"-~L- ft^i-^iv3%;-'" - " "■ V^^^ il: 's something else, the chances are we will
-«r ; ; v ' :^5SB®SS^^^ • Y° u W *H also find our prices within your means.
''" e are se^' n S a splendid line of overcdats for
v.::;^?Mipp^^ $10. They come in all styles and materials.
'''"'■■^}^!^^M^B0^^^^^^^^^^ w .'' * Anybody can find in the assortment just the
K^^^^^^^^^^^X:'-''' ' Cravenettes $10.00
50-inch gaiments, fully protecting you in a storrn°
J^ji^^^MH^^^^M- ' Business Suits $ 10.00
"<^S\ O» ' For a P rice as low as #10 we can give a splen-
\ /^^^^S^HBHH^^P^^S^^M, did fitting, good wearing sack suit in any of the
'"'^••'^' w - always will be.
Cups and Saucers Free €L \1\47A f\ n V >>\ I Cups and Saucers Free
Thcseare beautifully decorated cups and O V\' ¥VUU U A) H I I* Commencing this week we give free with
saucers-dainty and neat—for serving black *T / T >?>^""Ay 1 A/ purchases of $i or over a decorated black
C l £ c up jind saucer free with pur- .* — -'-' . coffee cup and saucer. See them in our
chases of $i and over. f^Q Market, Street* windows.
TWO SONS OF GENERAL NOGI
KILLED IN BATTLE.
Foe of StoesseL
Pays Price
of War.
IS NOW CHILDLESS
HEADQUARTERS OF THE THIRD
JAPANESE ARMY, BEFORE PORT
ARTHUR, WEDNESDAY, Dec. 7.— In
the fighting of November 30 the second
son of General Nogl was | killed on 203
Meter hill. General Nogl's eldest son
wask\lled in the battle of Nanshan
hill and he is now childless.
MUKDEN. Dec. 8.— The Russians
continue to bombard the Japanese posi
tions with both heavy and light artil
lery. The Japanese response is feeble.
Numerous Japanese prisoners are be
ing brought in, as a result of constant
night sorties. The Siberians especially
delight in this sortie work and seem
to regard the stalking and capturing of
pickets and sentries as exhilarating
sport. Some . of the prisoners declare
that the prevailing inactivity is having
a greatly depressing influence upon the
masses of Japanese troops. Others of
the captives refuse to answer ques
tions. The Japanese evidently are not
short of food', but the cold is extremely
trying upon them.
Lieutenant General Linevitch had a
narrow escape from death recently. He
had approached within a thousand
yards of a Japanese battery, when a
shell dropped near his staff and killed
an enlisted man.
PARIS, Dec. 8.— The Temps this
evening published the following dis
patch from Mukden, dated to-day: \
"I have just returned from a ride
along the Russian front. The soldiers
are living underground, in preference
to the filthy Chinese houses. Complete
quiet prevails, and the general expec
tation is that the present quarters will
be maintained for the winter. I learn
from excellent sources that the reports
that a great battle is imminent are un
warranted."
TOKIO, Dec. 8.— Manchurian head
quarters, telegraphing under date of
December 7, says:
"At 2 o'clock on the morning of De
cember 6 the enemy posted at Wuch
enying advanced toward Paotzuyen,
which is near Sienchuang. Our watch
ers were temporarily withdrawn, but
with reinforcements they immediately
recovered the position. Between 2 and
4 o'clock on the morning of December
7 the enemy attacked. east of Fanshen
and at Heilintun, which is pear Shakhe
village. By sunrise the attacks were
entirely repulsed."
AMERICA LOSES A POINT.
Costly Failure to Appeal the Steam
ship Arabia Case.
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 8.—
Through the failure of the Americans
interested in the cargo of the German
steamship Arabia, confiscated by the
Vladivostok prize court, to lodge an
appeal, their cases not only went by
default before the Admiralty appeal
court, but the United States Govern
ment lost an opportunity to obtain a
decision on the question of railway ma
terial which might have formed a basis
for a renewal by the. United States
of diplomatic representations regarding
such articles- as* "conditional contra
band.
The cargo originally confiscated con
sisted of about 2,500,000 pounds of flour
and railway material and machinery
bound for Japanese ports. The Ameri
can embassy at St. Petersburg prompt
ly notified the Washington authorities
of the manner in which the appeal
should be lodged, but the papers for
the appeal arrived only after the de
cision of the Admiralty court had been
rendered last Saturday. The British
owners of 5500 sacks of flour, less than
half the amount in dispute, had regu
larly entered an appeal, and in accord
ance with a decision of the Foreign
Office, reached some time ago and
communicated to the United States,
there being no evidence that this flour
was destined for the use of the en
emy's forces, the decision of the Vlad
ivostok court was reversed.
Russian Port ArtMr
Fleet Destroyed.
Continued From Pace 1, Column 1.
za, are under orders to go to the front
The reserves are beln^ drawn from
different portions of Poland, and prac
tically the whole transport service of
the Warsaw district has been requisi
tioned. ! ;~': : ."' T Vi. '/'' Y:~'. :
WOULD VIOLATE TREATY.
Russian Press Urges That Black Sea
Fleet Be Sent Out.
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 8.— The
newspapers here, headed by the Novoe
Vremya, are still urgently pressing the
campaign in favor of the immediate re
inforcement of Admiral Rojestvensky's
squadron. The proposition to send out
the Black Sea fleet meets with popular
favor, irrespective of the diplomatic
difficulties in the way, and in this
fashion sentiment is being adroitly
directed against the Foreign Office and
Admiralty, which is evidently the real
object .of the promoters of the agita
tion.
Captain Clado, who was detached
from Admiral Rojestvensky's squadron
in order, to testify before the interna
tional commission to inquire into the
North Sea incident, again returns to
the attack in a letter declaring that
the argument that the withdrawal of
the Black Sea fleet . would _ weaken
Russia's position in the Near East is
not convincing, Turkey's navy being
powerless to threaten Russia even
though the whole Russian fleet departs;
while Great Britain, might bluster, he
,adds, the opinion is that she really
would act short-sightedly if she op
jKJsed the exit of. the fleet, as Russia,
if she lose her Far Eastern posses
sions, must seek an outlet nearer home,
either in the Mediterranean or in the
Persian Gulf. How, he inquires, would
Great Britain like a Russian arsenal
and a Russian fleet within a few hun
dred miles of Bombay?
AUSTRIA'S MENACING
ATTITUDE SCARES PO RTE
Warlike Preparations Cause Turk to
Quickly Settle the Mall
Question.
CONSTANTINOPLE. Dec. 8. — The
Porte has yielded to the Austrian de
mands regarding detention of Aus
trian mails and the incident may be
regarded as closed. Threatened com
plications have therefore been avert
ed. The energetic attitude of Austria
in ordering a squadron of warships to
be made ready to sail induced the de
sired action on the part of Turkey.
TWO MORE NAMES ADDED
TO DENVER'S ROLL OF SHAME
Election Officers Bound Over to Grand
Jury by United States Commls
• sioner Capron.
DENVER. Dec. 8. — United States
Ccmmissioner A. B. Capron to-day
bound over to the Grand Jury Max
and William Schradsky, two of the
persons charged with conspiracy to
prevent people from voting at"there
cent elections. , Sam. Plessner, Max
Sissick and Samuel Slatkin were dis
charged, although Commissioner Ca
pron, in rendering his decision, said:
The conduct of the latter was reprehensible
and they could be punished for misconduct at
an election, but the evidence does not Justify
holding: them on the charge of conspiracy. It
does not appear that they said or did anything
to prevent the people from voting.
All of the defendants were election
officials. The two Schradskys acted
as constables, and the testimony of
fered by the attorneys for the Repub
licans showed that they ran the poll
ing-places to suit themselves.
Bankers Plead "Not Guilty."
BUFFADO, N. Y., Dec. 8. — Presi
dent Richard Emery of the German
Bank, Cashier Paul Werner and As
sistant Cashier William P. Luedeke to
day pleaded not guilty to the charge of
grand larceny. The case was ad
journed until next Tuesday.
Mikado Accepts
Call'to Peace
Congress.
REPLIES TO HAY
WASHINGTON. Dec 8.— The Charge
d' Affaires of the Japanese legation to
day Informed the Secretary of State
that the invitation of the President to
the second peace conference had been
communicated to the imperial Govern
ment by the United States Minister in
Japan. The Charge was Instructed to
say that the Japanese Government cor
dially sympathized with the beneficent
purpose that inspired the Invitation
and that experience had shown that
there was urgent need for more exact
definition and uniform practice of in
ternational law than now existed in
regard to some of the questions which
it was Intended were to be submitted
to the conference.
The Japanese Government, he said,
did not find in the fact that it was en
gaged in war any sufficient reason why
It should not, under the present cir
cumstances, take part in the proposed
conference, provided that the confer
ence to be assembled did not take or
assume to take action relative to or af
fecting in any way the present conflict.
Subject to these reservations, the im
perial Government, he said, gladly ac
cepted the invitation and would be at
all times prepared to exchange views
with the Government of the United
States as to matters to be considered
by the new conference.
Askold May Try to Escape.
LONDON, Dec. 9. — It Is rumored
from Shanghai that ..the Russian
cruiser Askold is coaling and replac-f
mg her machinery' preparatory to an
effort to escape and join the fleet of
Vice Admiral Rojestvensky.
PERSONAL.
Dr. Fred Hornkind of Portland is at
the Grand. .
Isaac Bird, a merchant of Merced, la
at the Lick.
M. Douglass of Byron Springs is at
the Occidental. ,
Dr. and Mrs. Elmer Stone of Napa
are at the Palace. **
Dr. L. Rostosky of Dresden, Ger
many, is at the Palace.
P. C. Drescher, a merchant of Sacra
mento, is at the St. Francis.
Colonel A. B. Gassen and wife of San
Diego are at the St. Francis.
' M. H. Sherman, one of Los Angeles*
street railway operators, is at the Pal
ace.
Brousse Brizard, a well-known Ar
cata merchant, is registered at the
Lick, j '
James D. Sehuyler, a prominent Los
Angeles hydraulic engineer, is at the
Palace.
William G. Kerckhoff, a Los Angeles
lumber merchant, is staying at the St.
Francis.
R. L. and W. J. Douglass, well
known mining men of Nevada, arrived
at the Palace yesterday.
T. M. Word, Sheriff of Multnomah
County, Oregon, is down from Port
land and staying at the St. Francis.
Charles E. Linzee, private secretary
of M. M. Potter, the well-known Santa
Barbara hotel man, is in this city for
a few days.
Major Parker W. West, aid to Gen
eral MacArthur, arrived home last
nfght from a short visit to the East
ern States.
T. F. Dunaway, general manager of
the Nevada, California and Oregon
Railroad Company, is at the Palace,
having arrived from Reno yesterday.
Judge P. Coyne, who is representing
Miss Edna Wallace Hopper, the young
actress, In her contest of the will of
the late Alexander Dunsmuir, arrived
from Victoria yesterday and Is at the
Palace.
AGED 'WIDOW POUND DEAD.— Oakland,
Dec. 8. — Mrs. Mary McManus, an aged widow!
was found dead In her room at 715 Clay street.
She leaves no family. The Coroner took charge.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pleurisy
Pneumonia
Consumption
Positively cured with Dr. Hal-
primer's Wonderful Medicine,
or your money returned. Price,
50c and $1.00 per bottle. For
sale by all dealers and at office
of Halpruner Medical Mfg. Co..
28 California St., S. F., sent by
mail or express. People cured
free of charge from 1 to -1 p. m.
There's Only One Way to
Get the Best of Whisky
And that is to let it alone. If you try
any other way it -will get the best of
you. If you can't let it alone you need
Dr. McKanna's treatment. Dr. McKan-
na curea the liquor habit by destroying
the desire for liquor and putting th»
system In Its natural condition, where
liquor is not needed to help the machin-
ery of the body to do its work. Dr.
McKanna effects a complete cure in three
days without the use of dangerous hy-
podermics, annoying confinement or bad
after effects. Dr. McKanna's treatment
Is absolutely safe and cannot harm the
most delicate constitution. "Why wasta
time and money in drinking whisky
when you can be cured of th» liquor
habit In three days with no chance o£
failure, no risk and no unpleasantness?
Think It over and call or write Dr. Mc-
Kanna for full information. Address 14
Geary street, San Francisco. Cal. Phoaa
1037 Main.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION" AXD AFFAIRS
OF THE
STANDARD HE
INSURANCE COMPANY
(LIMITED)
OF LIVERPOOL. IN ENGLAND. ON THE
;;is: .ilay of December. A. D. IOCS, aaj
for the year end'ns en that day, as made to
the Insurance Commissioner of the Stata of
California pursuant to the provisions of a«e-
11033 CIO and fill ot the Political Code, con-
densed as per blank furnished by the Cocunla-
J 8l03er: CAPITAL.
! Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash <5OO.00O 00
ASSETS. " : [
Casb Market Valu» cf all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. ..Jl.392.2n5 OO
Ca3h in Bank* 251.748 VO
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 18.e92 CO
Premiums in due Course of Col-
lecticn 201.112 OO
Bills receivable. not Matured.
taken for Fire and Marine
Risks 2. .107 00
Total assets Jl,Svl.2O4 CO
LIABILITIES. "~
Losses adjusted and unpaid ..'
Lcsi>es in process of Adjustment
or In Suspense ■ $132,400 OO
Leases resisted. Including ex-
perse s ,
Gross premiums en Marine and
Inland Navigation Risks; rein-
surance 100 per cent ■. 139,740 00
Gross premiums on Marine Tlm«
Risks; reinsurance 50 p«r cent.
Du» and accrued for salaries,
rente, advertising and for other
miscellaneous expenses 123.473 00
Total liabilities (400.613 00
INCOME.
Net eaeh actually recelv-d for
Marine premiums J5HX77S CO
Received for interest and divl-
• dends on Bonds. Stocks. Loans,
and from all other sources 47.063 0O
Total income $387,730 00
EXPENDITURES. ~~~~
Net amount paid for Marina
Losses $477,277 0O
Dividends to Stockholders 87.5C0 CO
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 44,137 11
Paid for State. National and Lo-
cal taxes 3.428 69
;.- ' - ■ ' ' -*"• * j — — — — — — —
To til expenditures $S14.S01 00
Msu-ine.
Losses Incurred during the year. . . $470,502 00
Ricks and Premiums. |Marine Ri.«ks. | Premiums.
Net amount of Risks!
written during the 1 \
year ! $87,834,025 5357,002 00
Net amount of Risks i •
expired Curing thei
year I «5.057,263i 359.3S2 00
1 Net amount tn farcej !
December 31. 1003.. | 11,246.200' 133,740 00
JOHN WILLIAMSON. Presldeat.
| JOHN GICK. Secretary,
i Subscribed and sworn before me, this 23d
day ot February. 1904.
! -W. J. SL-LI3.
] Deputy Consul of 17. S. at Liverpool.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Gen Agts.
J. B. F. OAVIS & SON, Managers.
215 Sansome St., San Francisco
Telephone PrlvaU Exch. Na, CS.
' E«&tUe (Wa*h.) Odce. Oolemaa Bruidm*.
34
LONE THUG
HOLDS UP
A SALOON
Flexner's Bar, Hayes
and Central Ave
nue, Robbed.
A bold burglary was committed at
I o'clock this morning at George Flex
ner"? saloon on the northwest corner
ol Contra! avenue and Hayes street. A
lonr highwayman dashed into the sa
lt <-n mid leveled his gun pn Ray En
right, the barkeeper in charge.
Th* 1 two other occupants of the
Ealoun, W. Bailey and John Roe, stoogf
dumb with amazemt nt,' while the rob>"
ber deliberately •rent behind the coun
ter and broke open the cash register
from which he took $14. The robber
then piowly turned around, backed out
of the saloon 2nd disappeared in the
darkness. He wore a mapk, which
completely covered his face. Detectives
Cody and Taylor are working on the
case.
NEW YORK. December 8. — Vincent
Assor. aged 12, only son of Colonei
end 13 r^-. John Jacob Astor. has un
dergone an oi>*?r;Ui',>:i for appendicitis.
It was apnarentr^*successful and the
chances for recovery are said to be
excellent.
ARE YOU SICK?
Foul tongue?
Lops of appetite?
Lack of energry?
Pain in stomach?
General weakness?
These are but a few of tbj s.^ns of
Indigestion.
Some others are: Wind in the stom-
ach or bowels; constipation or diar-
ihea: pa!e complexion: spots before' the
dizziness*; loss of flesh; irritabil-
ity; sleeplessness; nervousness.
All these pyniptoms will plague and
torment you. and will never perma-
nently leave you, once you suffer from
them; only are sure, in time, to get
trorse, if not treated by the best known
scientific method of cure — Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets.
These curative tablets are composed
of ingredients which modern knowledge
of the true inward "processes of"dlges :
tion approve of, as forming the best,
safest, surest and most scientific com-
bination cf medicinal drug's that can
be used to relieve all the Conditions of
Ul-health brought on by this much-
dreaded disorder.
A disease so "protean" or changeable
la its manifestations, assuming so
many forms, characterized by so many
different symptoms that, more times
than not. it is mistaken for some other
disease altogether, and the fOQC.patient
may die. or at best allow the seeds of
permanent, chronic sickness to. germ-
inate and take root in his system.
So it i? a real danger we ask you to
avoid, when we say: In case of doubt,
t.ike Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.
Even if disordered digestion is not
the real cause of your sickness (which,
piobably. though, it is), yet your di-
pestion i« nearly certain to be out of
crder, and if allowed to remain so will
Berloasly complicate your sickness for
you. !
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, then, will
be sure to do you good, and will not
Interfere with any other medicine you
may be taking.
They will help to make your food
n-.ake you strong, and thus, if in no
other way, help you back to health by
helping your system to throw off dis-
ease like a healthy duck shakes water
off its back. "
Shake off your sickness with Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
hambubg'bremen
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
ft K HAMBURG. IX THE EMPIRE OF GER-
* ' m&ny. en the :5Ut. <l»y of December. A. £>
19CW, and tor th* year ending ca that day. as
luidt to the Insurance Commissioner of the
E'.ate of California, pursuant to the provisions
of.fi/-rtions «10 and Oil of the Political Code
eendenyed as per black furnished by the Cora-
B'Mloocr.
ASSETS. . ■
Cash Market Value of all Stock*
and Bonds owned by Company. ..|1J522 0*6 25
. ■ -i. la Banks 68.177 39
iTemluins in due Course of collec-
tion I53.e54 31
Total Asset! $1,834,177 93
LIABILITIES.
Loeses adjusted and unpaid " fis,l<3 oo
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense ... ... 68.959 00
Lewes resisted. Including expenses. 17.600 00
Oro6» premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $1,301.-
1SS S3; reinsurance 50 per cent. 650 S7t 43
Grr»* rr«-niiuiii» on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $1.236..
14a 83: reinsurance pro rata.... 642.305 83
Total Liability I./.... ..... , t l >837 , 4S3 :g
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for ;
Fire premiums fl.GS7.431 26
Keceived for Interest and dividends
on Bends. Stocks. Loans and
: : :i. all other sourcea ■ 55,070 64
Total Income I1.7S6.001 90
EXPENDITURES.
N<rl amount j-aid for Fire Losses
(including $78,374 IS. losses o f
previous yeart> $S55 318 »2
l'aid <>T allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 353 710 S3
Paid for^S«lari»s. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 131 231 ri
Paid for Ptate. National and Local
t*»» 39.8(3 01
AH ether payments and expendi-
««*• ' I06.CC4 65
Total Expenditures $1,486 763 53
I^»e« Incurred during the rear...$S5Q.2M pj
Ititk* and Premiums. J Fire Risks. | Premiums?
Ke< amount of rii<ks "
written during the
>ear $l».4S6.017 $2,048.28139
Net amount of Risks
expired duilng the
. >-*«r 133.792.401 l.*34.23194
S>«t amount in force
pet-ember 31. 11*03. 197.674.633 2.537.308 68
F. O. AFFELD, U. S. Manager
Fubscribed «.nd sworn to before me, this
ZZ<i day of January. 1JK14. - -
CHARLES EDGAR MILLS.
C< mtniMloner cf Ce»ds for California in Vrw
' Tcrk.
EUrOLPH H : HOLD Jr., General Agent.
EA3P.T C. BOTD, Ats't Gen'l Agent.
4!5 CALIFORNIA ST.,
6nn Francisco, Cal.
CO-OPERATIVE
YARD PROBABLE
Labor Leaders Approve Plan
of the Townseiid - Down
ey Shipbuilding: Company
PROFITS FOR 'LABORERS
S;wlsl D;«ra!ch to^The Call
NEW YORK, Dec S.— Proposals made
by the TownEer.d-Dowm-y Shipbuilding
Company to open a co-operative yard
have been approved by union labor
leaders according to Wallace Downey,
president of the company, and the new
enterprise will shortly lA? launched on
an "open shop" basis.
Downey declared to-night that the
differences between the company and
labor unions which resulted in the
closing of the yard have -all been set
tled and that' several delegates of the
Amalgamated Society of Engineers are
circulating application blanks for the
purpose of recruiting a force of work
men to begin operations.
The Tovvnsend-Downey Company
closed down its plant because of fre
quent disagreements between it and its
employes.
"Some of the delegates connected
with the Amalgamated Society." said
Downey, "are doing all they can to
mak? the co-operative plan a success.
The New York Metal Trades Union has'
always stood for open shop. Since' I
outlined the plan on November 28 lasjt.
I have received assurances of suooort.
We expect to begin work with two hun
dred men. I am confident that such
a shipyard will be a success and that
it may be established within the next
two months."
Under the general plan of organiza
tion the worklngmen will receive the
prevailing rate of wages and at the end
of each year a share In the surplus, the
dividends being based upon the amount
of their wages for the year. Allowances
will be made in computation for repairs
and deterioration of the plant, for the
interest on the amount of capital in
vested and for the losses. Downev
proposed that in his new scheme al
lowances be made for labor and capi
tal and that a surplus fund be formed
from which dividends ' to several
branches of the establishment might be
paid. His plan is different from other
co-operative ideas in that it provides
that labor, through the reserve fund
s^jStem, shall share not only in the
profits, but in the losses.
WANTS DRESSES
OR THEIR COST
Special Dispatch to The Call
NEW YORK. Dec. 8.— Suit for $3760
was begun' to-day against Howard
Gould for a varied assortment of
frocks and frills his wife is alleged to
have ordered and had fitted, but re
fuged to pay for. The list of articles
numbers sixteen garments, all of which
are declared to be of wonderful con
struction, with trimmings and finish
ings that dressmakers say should bring
Joy to the heart of any woman. The
complainant is the firm of Braud & Le
Royer, which has establishments in
Newport and Paris, as well as in New
York.
The complaint 6tates that sixteen
dres- s Mere ordered by, Mrs. Gould
between October 4 and November 9 of
this year. Mrs. Gould, it is declared,
chose the material for her garments
with the utmost care, and directed the
fittinsr with equal exactness. The
dresses ranged in price up to $500, and
as they were finished, they were deliv
ered to the former actress at the Hotel
St. Regis, where she and her husband
were stopping.
Eleven of the orders had been fin
ished, and. it is alleged, delivered, to
her when Mrs. Gould canceled her order
for other garments. * •'..
CURFEW ORDINANCE
FOR CHICAGO CHILDREN"
City Council Plans to Keep Younsr
sters Off the Streets at
Nfeht.
CHICAGO. Dec. 8.-r-Curfew whistles
will soon be heard rh Chicago if an
ordinance under consideration by the
Judiciary Committee of the City Coun
cil meets with approval. Boys and
girls under 15 years of age will have
to run to their homes promptly at 8
o'clock between the months of .Sep
tember and May and at 9 o'clock dur
ing the remainder of the year under
the provisions of > this measure.
Naughty youngsters who Insist on
playing .or roaming the streets after
those hours will be taken in charge
fry the police and hustled to their
homes.
If parents refuse to be responsible
for the good conduct of the children
the offenders are to be taken to the
police station, where a magistrate is to
take proper legal steps If he believes
the prisoners * are Incorrigible. Inci
dentally the parents will incur fines
of $1 to $10 for allowing violations of
the law.
Instead of the time-honored curfew
bell the ordinance provides that the
Mayor or Police Department arrange
with factories to blow their whistles
at the proper hour as a warning to the
children. • v<
Calif ornians in New York.
.NEW YORK. Dec* 8. — The follow
ing Californians '. are in. New York:
From San Francisco — A. B. Bowers,
at the Imperial; G. H. Corey, at the
Astor House; Mrs. M. A. Frank, at the
Breslin; R. T. Sparks, at the Hotel Na
varre; F. P. Rossiter, at the Murray
Hill; A. Solomon, at - the Herald
Square, and R. B. Woodward, at the
Hotel Astor.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Sign
Of poor blood circulation is shortness of
breath after walking, going upstairs,
sweeping, singing, excitement, anger,
fright, etc. Poor blood circulation means
a sick heart, and a sick heart is a result
of weak and impoverished nerves.
Every one knows the results of poor
blood circulation, but everybody does not
know that the quickest and safest treat-
ment is Dr. Miles' New Heart Cure.
If you find these symptoms present
you should not neglect them, but at once
procure a bottle of
Dr. Miles'
New Heart* Cure
It will cure, and at a very'little expense
compared with doctors' bills. We are so
sure of It that, if first bottle does not
benefit your drugist will return your
money.. It will do for you what it has
done for thousands in like condition..
"For two months :l walked on the edge
of the tomb from a weak heart. poo»
blood circulation and nervous prostra-
tion. D:\ Miles' New Heart Cure and
Nervine gave me back my health." — REV.
W. A. ROBINS, Port Elgin, Ont. ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL> FRIDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1904.
CASSIE CHADWICK
. NOW .AN OCCUPANT,
. OF CELL IN TOMBS
Continued .From Page* 1. Column 6.
doubt the public would Mike to "know
what you had to say in regard to that."
"Whatever is said about these notes
must be said by my attorney. Mr. Car
penter. That is an entirely different
matter," she replied.
"But you have already been quot.e.1
as denying that Mr, Carnegie bad any
thing to do with "your business affairs
or that you had Tdriy'notes of his."
"As I said before you will . have to
talk to Mr. Carpenter about that," the
woman answered.
Mrs. Chadwick seems to be especially
grieved that any one should construe
her removal from the Holland House to
the New Amsterdam Hotel and from
the New Amsterdam to the Hotel Bre.s-
Hn as ;a flight from the secret service
men. ■ ■ ' ■
FUTILE QUEST OF BAIL.
This has been a momentous day tor
Mrs. Chadwick. It commenced with
her early departure from her hotel for
the. Federal building and ended with
her incarceration in the Tombs. •
In the interval she had b?en ar
raigned Lofore United States Commis
sioner Shields and held in $15,000 ball.
All day long lawyers representing her
interests had sought in every quarter
for some one owning real estate in
Manhattan who would sign her bond,
and the Marshal, out of sympathy for
the woman, had kept her in his office
hours after she should have been re
moved. The endeavors of the lawyers
were unsuccessful, rendering her im
prisonment necessary.
To add to her cup of woe, it was
learned to-night that a charge of for
gery would very likely be made against
the woman in Ohio, based on the Car
negie note and other papers given as
security for loans.
Efforts to get bail will continue to
morrow, although Mrs. Chadwick ex
pressed the desire to-night; t6 go to
Cleveland as soon as possible. '
Mrs. Chadwick dined *at 7 o'clock in
Marshal Henkel's office under condi
tions In strange contrast to the manner
in which she lived at New York hotels.
SOLITARY CONFINEMENT.
"When Warden Flynn was seeji after
Mrs. Chadwick had arrived at the
Tombs, he said.:
"Mrs. Chadwick wlil'be placed In a
cell on the second tier of the prison.
She will be 'entirely alone on the tier*,
which Is set apart from other women
prisoners. She is a United States pris
oner and will hot be allowed associates
In any v way. To-morrow, morning, she
will have her meals.' wjth the others,
but during the day she will be com
pelled to remain alone.' "If she is ill
she will be attended by the physician,
Dr. Levin, whose duty it is to look
after United States prisoners."
When the warden was asked as to
her pedigree, he replied:
"She gave her age as 51 .'years, said
she was born in the United States, not
specifying any State, and that she was'
married." . •
A«?ked whether she would. be allowed
to retain ~her medicine chest, he said:
"No prisoner is allowed. to have med
icine except that which, is ordered by
physicians, and Mrs. Chadwick will be
no exception.- She will' be treated like
the other prisoners here.*'... -' .
SHOW DISLIKE
FOR SPY SYSTEM
PARIS, Dec. 8.— In the Chamber of
Deputies this afternoon the Govern
ment escaped defeat by the narrow ma
jority of two votes, 276 to 274,'\ou a
resolution Inviting the Government to
refer to the Superior Council of Judges
the' cases of those magistrates who
have been guilty of making secret in-'
vestigations.
The Cabinet's Harrow escape from
defeat is due to the unabated indigna
tion at the system of informers in the
various departments of the public serv
ice, the first exposure of which in con
nection with the army caused General
Andre's resignation of the Ministry of
War. The. discussion of the budget of
the Ministry og Justice furnished a
fresh opportunity for. appealing. to this
sentiment, a deputy demanding the
punishment of those magistrates who
had furnished secret information con
cerning their colleagues.
Premier Combes vigorously criticized
the tactics of the opponents of the
Ministry, declaring that it was unfair
to continually bring up t the question
after his expressions of disapproval
of the system and promises to suppress
the abuses. He further maintained that
persons lawfully supplying the Govern
ment with important information
should not be considered informers.
■The Premier's arguments did not con
vince the Chamber, the Ministers' own
votes alone averting disaster. ' . ,.;•
Critical" debates are expected to
morrow over the Premier circular ( .to
officials on the subject, of their, duti
toward the Government. ", '•. v .'A
WEALTHY NEW- YORKER '
ACCUSES HIS WIFE
Henry Coles. Sued for Divorce, Makes
Counter Charges Aagainst
• -His Spouse. . •
' NEW YORK, -Dec. 8.— Henry Rem
sen Ridgeway Coles, a wealthy club
man and a relative of the Beekmans,
the Seward Webbs, the Remsens and
other aristocratic New York •families,
filed a sensational "answer in the Su
preme Court .to-day to the suit of his
wife Margaret for a separation. He
charges her with miscon8uct with
three officers In the British navy,
Lieutenants Edmund MacKinon, Al
gernon -Faught a,nd . Lieutenant
Brown, with all of whom, ,he says, she
associated In Bermuda contrary to his
wishes. He also charges . his wife
■with being a morphine fiend and with
the excessive use, of intoxicants.
BAN FRANCISCAN MEETS
WITH SERIOUS .ACCIDENT
Louis Goodfriend Jumps From a
Wagon to Escape a Collision nnd
Breaks His Leg:, j
PETALUMA, Dec. 8. — The first ac
cident on the Petaluma and Santa
Rosa elfcctric line occurred here to
day and as a result Louis Goodfriend
of San Francisco, a commercial trav
eler, was badly Injured. Charles Nich
olas of the Charles Express Company
and Goodfriend were driving from the
•depot and attempted. to cross in front
of an electric car. The wagon was
struck, overturned and dragged about
•fifty feet. ' Goodfriend jumped to es
cape the collision and'the bones 'of ;his
right ankle were , broken. .' Nicholas
stayed with the rig and received only
.a few\bruises. '
■ PIONEERS' RECEPTION.— A reception was
.given by the Society of California Pioneers In
Pioneer Hall >Jast night. Dancing was enjoyed
until a late hour and light refreshment* were
atrved in the baa^u«t room. _,, . ../
Receiver Lyons/ of the Oberlin Bank,
which recently closed its doors, said
to-ni.crht that he would leave for Cleve
land to-morrow morning, where crim
inal, proceedings would be taken
against Mrs. Chadwick. He said he
had been in communication with Pros
ecutor Sullivan of Cleveland to-day,
and.£th&t developments in the bank
CflSgSagtflnst Mrs. Chadwick might be
looked for. Asked if any communica
tion, had been held with • Carnegie in
this city, he admitted that certain
communications had passed. :
CARNEGIE REPEATS DENIAL.
In the communications in New York
to-day between Carnegie and repre
sentatives of the Oberlin Bank, Car
nigie denied absolutely that he had
signed the notes, which have figured
in the ease as. the "Carnegie notes,"
and denied that he knew or ever saw
Mrs. Chadwick.
Th» Bame authority said that the
Ohio proceedings would be in the na
ture of action on the charge of forgery.
"Will an additional warrant be is
sued In Ohio for Mrs. Chadwick's ar
rest?" he was asked. .
"Yes; probably a number. of war
rants^'
"On what charges will these war
rants bo sworn .out?" ■ ■
"On the general charge >f forgery."
Inquiry was made" as to whether the
charge of forgery would be based on
the Carnegie notes, and the reply was
made - that they would be based on
these and some other papers given as
securities for loans.
The papers, other than the Carnegie
rotes,' have not appeared in the case
heretofore, and as to what they con
sist of and whose signatures they bear
be would not say.
KliYIUA GRAND JURY INDICTS.
ELYRIA, Ohio, Dec. 8.— The Grand
Jury adjourned to-night after voting to
Indict Mrs. Chadwick on the charge of
having obtained money under false
pretenses in Lorain County. Oberlin
is in Lorain County.
CLEVELAND. Dec. 8.— Prosecutor
Keeler of this county and Prosecutor
Stroup of Lorain County had a long
conference by telephone late this aft
ernoon, at the close of which Prose
cutor Keeler announced that testimony
had been .brotieht before the- Grand
Jury at Elyria to the effect that the al
leged Carnegie rDotes had been uttered
in Cleveland. On this information
Prosecutor Stroup has decided to drop
the case as far as the Carnegie notes
are concerned.
County Prosecutor Keeler to-day re
ceived the following telegram from An
drew Carnegie, In New York, In reply
to an inquiry as to the- genuineness of
the Chadwick notes:
Never rtgned such/notes; have no. notes out
now; have not Issued a note for many years.
Hope you can arrange to have any necessary
affidavits executed here.'
ANDREW CARNEGIE.
United States District Attorney Sul
livan spent a good portion of last night
in conference with President Beckwith
of the Citizens' National Bank at the
latter's residence in OtJerlm. As a re
sult of this conference President Beck
.wlth is now preparing . a complete
statement covering every transaction
between the bank, himself and Mrs.
Chadwick. . -;# •
TELLS ABOUT
LIVESTO CK MEN
CHICAGO, Dec. 8. — Frank J. Ha
genbarth of Spencer; 'Idaho, the new
president of the National Livestock
Association,- and one of the. Presiden
tial electors of Idaho, left for the West
to-day. Hage,nbarth gaidV
••The livestock Interests are now , planning a
rrorjfanlzation along modern lines. The object
or the proposed • organization Ik to provide a
medium through 'which' the various ' branches
of the livestock Industry may meet and confer
for the purpose or securing a better under
standing of the peculiar conditions affecting
each; to bring before Congrets and the gov
ernmental departments the requirements and
needs of the livemock Industry, and to afford
a clearing-house and establish a community
cf Interests for the industry.
Each branch will organize a committee to
De known as the general committee of that
Drancn. Buch general committee will repre
'"i 1 V?. e ini * rntK of. the branch creating It
ana win select one of its members to represent
it In a central committee, which will be the
whole executive authority of the association.
In place of the;old system the annual dele
gate conventions are abandoned and there
will be annual meetings composed of all the
general committees in Joint session. This an
nua ' meetln S' will receive reports or officers
and the central committee and will discuss any
matters brought before it, and may make euch
■suggestions and recommendations as it may
aesire to. the central committee. It will trans
™L n ° « ec "»ve business, having only the
P°Zf r °{ Initiative and referendum
frJvL Natlon "' Livestock Exchange can act
ror the commission men, and the railroads can
com-nmlt 01 f r t.P rp sentative on their general
?n i^ • • J 1 lhis wa >' a " tne Interests with,
hivo . br anch. are given representation am!
«?#>.„*■ e J n tne "l^Uon and government
of their member on the central committee.
■ U is .distinctly understood also that each
branch continues absolutely Independent re
hr'Jnir ,° f £? afflllati °n w "h the other
branches in this association. The general com
mittee of any branch !« supreme in all mat
ters affecting Its Interests, and acts In con
cerr with the Individual Interests represented
in the organization only when self-interest
dictates such concerted action.
*;-» T ,rii.T, OVC y\ ment has Jev °ted proportionately
little of Its, energies to the development of
that fat stock and pure breed shows be held in
sections of this big land of ours where condi
th^nJSfJ^T-?}"**- A8 ' '« -instance. In
u? I" ♦>. ° cky Mo "ntaln region, in the Pa
ern wheat and Southern cotton belts. The edu
told° • ° f thM * exhlbmon » cannot be
-r^ Ba L n# the « attl « man and the sheep man
S^rf ?* ,T h0 furnlBh then> credl t «re re
u^l- ♦ , the , Pon <»tl°n of gambler. Who
\fhnT! V wlleth < >r »* •« operating on a
shortage or surplus of cattle? Nearly half the
How ft"* t0 i:la "* hler ■»« y°un B female slock
wmTJ£ B l ' an this continue? Such treatment
will soon cure the. most radical case of surplus,
c.i, ? not . beli « v e there is a man In the Untied
-i £ ♦!, y V[ no ' c an, furnish a safe estimate
a^i ♦1,1 n P. mb «r of cattle on hand. To cor
llJL.ru 11 We P r °P°« e . to ask for an annual
I c«™2 li S !f Ck and , farm Products. Such
«w . 1 , m f de anally of the cotton crop;
why not Include. others? This work will go to
the^ Department of Commerce and Labor.
w.f,,. 1 .:.. " l « llv «tock Interests peculiarly'
fortunate in the friendship of President Rcose
•wn;^! 1 was '«nce -a..cow man. Secretary
iVJ 2niJS < lk ' wl "e a friend of the stockman
and allied interests and know* our needs
LONG STRUGGLE IS ENDED.
Chicago Sheet Metal Workers Win
Fight for "Closed Shop."
•■ , : CHICAGO, ; Dec. 8.— A' bitter fight of
a year and a half between the E. A. 1
Rysdon Company, sheet-metal " con
tractors, and Sheet Metal Workers',
Union Noi 73 has been settled. In the
struggle one killing and many assaults
were committed, public' school build
ing repairs were tied up by sympa
thetic strikes' and the" Rysdon Com
pany was fined a t6tal of *3000 by the
Sheet Metal Contractors' Association
and'the union. | The union men began
work in the shop of the concern to
day. * • ■ .
7 The settlement is a complete surren
der by Rysdon. His employes go back
on "a .. "close.d-shop". basis, "a union!
.-fecale of '. wages and a ..full', payment by
Rysdon /of; all .fines assessed against
him., J.:l :..\: J^:-... ... . ..: ■...,.,.:..._
~" I consider it in every respect the BEST ENCYCLOPEDIA published." -
P. N. JOHNSTON, Reference Librarian. New York Public Library. ;-./- -N v _
"I am truly delighted • with the t>pne and arrangement, of t,his st,nct,ly Ameri-
can publication."— B. J. CIGRAND, Dirbctor Chicago Public Library. -
the Encyclopedia Americana was ° ft O A M f\ PP 1 7 P nwm^^L%£'^4
Sven the h.shest award, the UKAiM U rKlAC Exhibition. St Louis. I9Q4
ON THE FOLLOWING TEN CLAIMS OF MERIT:
l-It Is the only work that has ey*r beeit pwpared with the to write th* special article, thus making the AMERICANA
distinct idea of maklns a thoreirtly Wrican T wbrk. giving to truly American an1 representative.
American History. Industry. Geography. Biography, etc.. that - _. AMERICANA la the latest encyclopedia published, and
adequate treatment which the growth of this country demands. t he7 ef ore the best, because thoroughly up to drue.
2— Th« AMERICANA has original *nd practical features _ _ »vRRirANA Is entirely new from cover to cover and
intellectually and practically. . g-Though universal In .core, the AMERICANA I. "Pectally
3— The spirit of the AMKRICANA differentiate* It from all pr-rafed to meet the needs of the American people, and while
other encyclopedias. All subjects and parties have be«n treated «cholarly and scientific It is untechnical in style.
™«£ ™"°i l <". t * f * lrn *" a"' 1 impartiality, resulting in a broader. ft_The map* and illustrations, especially prepared for the
«Td his^ricaT n matt^r P » r * trtatment of »««««»■. •clentlflc AM ISlCANAf P «ra without an equal In any similar work.
: . . 10— The AMKRICASA shows superior discrimination In th*
< — The AMERICANA^S leading articles are signed with the - relative amount of space devoted to the various subjects. Betn<
authors names and official designations, thus making It at work .»,» latest work published. It has profited by the blunders
of authority. , . . , an d errors of Judgm-nt of its predecessors, ami th* treatment of
5— The best scholarship and ', the leading authority of tha the subjects In the different departments Is consequently more
United States, Canada and South America .havo been secured even and consistent.
TEACHERS, EDUCATORS AND LIBRARIANS WILL Fl\D THg
ENCYGLOPEDI A AMERICANA
(Published under, the editorial supervision of the Scientific American),
* . ' The Most Modern, Complete, and Practical Reference Work in the English Language
.Our .belief, that the time had come when the American people Remanded" an American Encyclopedia,
made by.., Americ/n "scholars and from the American point of view, has been more than justi-
fied. The orders, received in advance of publication aggregate •
... NEARLY TWO MILLION DOLLARS
• -An Advance Sale Never Before Equaled in the History of Publishing
More than athoiigand American experts, each an authority upon his subject, have contributed the re-
sults of their ripest scholarship,' study and experiment to this great work. Prepared under the editorial su-
pervision of the Scientific American, FREDERICK CONVERSE BEACH, Editor-in-chief, assisted by the
largest corps of distinguished editors, specialists and experts ever engaged upon a similar work, our readers
may be assured that it represents the highest type of modern scholarship, the latest results jof modern sci-
entific- investigations. [ . .
THE WORK— It is more than an Encyclopedia — It is an AMERICANA. The departments of American
•History, American Biography, American 'Literature, and such fields in applied philosophy and science as Gov-
ernment, Industries, Finance and the like, which we can claim as essentially American, are treated more
clearly and comprehensively than in any othtr work. Its 65,000 subjects, if written in the heavy wordy Eng-
lish style, might easily have been extended to 50 volumes: but the American system of condensation has en-
abled us : to cover the entire field of Twentieth Century Knowledge in Sixteen Royal Octavo . Volumes. In
• its mechanical details, paper, binding, maps, plates and illustrations, it is superior to any work of its kind in
existence. ' v-.-,- , .*".:• : ./
' SPECIAL PRICE '
THE PLAN OF SALE which we have adopted has been devised for the purpose of giving those who
order now the benefit^pf the lowest wholesale price. We thus enable the intelligent and prompt purchaser
to assist^in making the first distribution of the AMERICANA a success, and we compensate him by giving a
great reduction in price in return for this co-operation and assistance.
; Let us tell you more about this great work and our new and novel plan of sale. A postal card
addressed to {
>; : • THE SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN COMPILING DEPARTMENT
.= . . « ■'■:_ ~Vi .n ; 'Rialto Bufldiiy?, San Francisco, CaL, -'?v\-
will bring you a beautiful 64-page booklet, and full information about the work, the price and the plan of
sale to advance buyers. * '■■'■> "-■■. :
— — — ; O ' • O ■ ; ;
"The Encyclopedia Americana was purchased for this 'library after du* c-»ir*ider"«tion of the merits of its
rivals, and has justified its choice by its efficiency in daily use."— HELEN SPERRY, Librarian Silas Bronson
Library, Waterbury, Conn. - • i ? -.<.-•;<
ADDITIONAL STEAMER
SERVICE FOR SAN DIEGO
Manager of American-Hawaiian Line
Says City Will Be Made a Regu
lar Port of Call.
SAN DIEGO, Dec. 8. — Captain
Burnham, manager of the American-
Hawaiian line of steamships, with
headquarters in New York City, ar
rived ,\n San Diego to-day. Captain
Burnham announced that as a result
of the heavy trade to Southern Cal
ifornia the company had decided to
make- San Diego a regular port of
call and that, there would be a more
frequent service in the future. , At
present the Alaskan and the Nebras
kan.Hwo of the: company's ships, are
in the harbor unloading freight, and
two more ships are on the way from
New York. 'I' 1
Captain Burnham states that unless
the Santa Fe goes after the sugar
trade the bulk of the business will go
to San Pedro. The sugar business
will be a large item in the business of
either San Pedro or San Diego and
the harbor which gets it will be for
tunate.
GOVERNMENT LEASES
LAND NEAR YUBA CITY
MARYSVILLE,,, Dec. 8. — Twenty
acres of the Walton tract near Yuba
City have been leased by the United
States Agricultural Department for
wheat experimental purposes. The ex
periments will be inducted under the
direct supervision of the agricultural
department of the University of Cal
ifornia and every known variety of
wheat, barley, oats and rye will be
planted and subjected to every dif
ferent condition and treatment. An
other station will be established in
the San Joaquin Valley, and at Chlco
a similar station will be. conducted in
connection with the' United States
plant introduction garden.
I IN SAN FRANCISCO STORE ONLY.
I YOUR CHOICE OF ANY OF THE FOLLOWING j
a £\i On Friday, Saturday end Monday, the gth, 10th and xath, a pair of B
M tj§ $5.00 Shoes, a pair of Pants worth from $5.00*10 $8.50 or a Lady's Skirt I
■ , H$&v ' Sixty thousand dollars', worth of new and up-to-datp goods from ■
II fei&fcV^k. our own m '^ s ' n Scotland. All guaranteed pure long wool. Five thou- y
H sanf * different styles to select from in this sale. For one price — ij
H llM^^^^^^^ Sack Suits, single or double breasted, Cutaway Suits, three-button or li
8' //M^^^'y^H<f*^\ 1 four-button, single or double breasted Prince Alberts. Tuxedo or Full *J
If J^jSK*^^ 4JHJJjB&&jt k Dress Suits. All go in this sale with any of these extra articles free of ii
H W *?**'^ ~l££¥lI»i&S: charge. Our guarantee— that these suits arc worth from $30 to $40 in M
H \k//j//U l]hi}}lto&rvPQ3i3bL any high-priced merchant tailoring house. Our price — % »J
a ' Black or blue, finished or unfinished worsteds, browns in all their lat- t
II il irayabpffvSpfQT^ est shades, Scotch tweeds in all the latest patterns, and thousands of V
fi \. |l rtTfijJtfC^nkJp^V others that we cannot mention. All go at . »
'H rSalprallffc With a Christmas present FREE— Pants, shoes or skirt pattern with E
I jdSI$r !0° 9 MARKET ST., San Francisco.
B ■■ •~~^r~^^" ' ' '' ' Open Saturday Evenings Till 10 O'CIock. |
FATHER RICARD FINDS
IxARGE SPOTS ON THE SUX
Distinguished Member of Santa Clara
College Faculty Tells of Im
portant Discovery. "*vV
SAN JOSE, Dec. 8. — Eight large
spots were discovered on the sun to
day by Father Ricard of Santa Clara
College. They occupy the first quad
rant of the solar hemisphere. Three
of them, evidently the result of seg
mentation, stand very near the limb.
Four others form a quadrilateral
quite near the vertical diameter or
axis of the sun, two on each aide. The
four spots of the quadrilateral are
very ' large," one • of 'them" being espe
cially prominent for* the -blackness of
its nucleus, its vast, dimensions and
the swaying to and fro of Its penum
bra. It is- believed that the spots fore
tell the coming of a storm and may
have some effect upon the earth's cli
matic conditions.
The spots are larger than those dis
covered by Father Ricard last Oc
tober.
SIXTEEN MIXERS PERISH
IN EXPLOSION' AT BURNETT
Fourteen Bodies Have Been Recov
- ered and Search of 3Ilne Will
Be Completed To-Day.
TACOMA, Dec. 8. — A dispatch from
Burnett, Wash., the scene of the mine
explosion yesterday, says fourteen
bodies have been recovered and It is
known that sixteen men perished.
Those familiar with the mine say the
two men who are still missing may
have perished In different portions of
the underground and consequently It
is no easy task to search for their
lifeless remains.
The bodies of Joe Barber and J.
Taylor were found late to-night and
will be brought out to-morrow morn-
SAN DIEGO • POLICE TIIINK
THEY HAVE CAUGHT YATES
Arrest Alle«?ed FoCtpad Who Answers
Description of Fugitive From
San lYaiici-sco.
SAN DIEGO. Dec. 8. — Silvaa Chap
pallee, a Mexican, was knocked down
and robbed early this morning by two
men at the corner of Second and I
streets. A few hours afterward a
youngr man giving the name of Fred
Martin was arrested at Delmar on
suspicion of being: one of the robbers.
He was brought back here on the
noon train and identified by Chappal
lee.
Chief Thomas believes that Martin
la Andrew Yates, .who is wanted in
San Francisco. Yates worked aa a
bellboy in one of. the San Francisco
hotels and while there went into a
room armed with rf. revolver and stola
a large amount of 'valuable Jewelry.
Martin answers the description of,
Yates, even to. a carbuncle on his
neck and a mole on his cheek. "Whll*?
he was in San Diego Martin or Yates
worked as a bellboy at the Hotel Rob
inson.
Police Still Hold the Suspects.
L.OS ANGELES, Dec. 8. — There are
no new developments In the case of
the Wells-Fargo express robbery and
killing of Messenger Roberts at Dag
gett December 5. The three suspects.
Fltzpatrick, "Williams and Weis, are
still being held. No trace of the
money, drafts or checks which wera.
taken from the rifled safe has been
found.
Ing. The bodies of Sale Hill and
James Chapman, who are missing; ar«
thought to be near by_-«a a hat was
found belonging to Chapman. It is
expected that all of the bodlea will
be brought to the surface to-morrow
forenoon.I ' Every boy in town is trying to guess the number of Prunes in the box i
IJ^^I^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^. of 'em we have exhibited in our BOYS' CLOTHING WINDOW. The
sidewalk in front of our house was blocked for hours with people calcu-
: lating and trying to solve how many prunes are in that box.
A $40 Victor Talking Machine goes to each of the 10 nearest guessers
Prices That Are Packing Our Store— Here They Are:
. I No 1 I I ■ I . I 1M 1 i 'A
S^^^^^^^ We treat our Sailors so differently \? <-j^E \4£ ■ s at Overcoat which we show in the r^^Ep^na <^
' No. 1 # y *" No. 2 J - No. 3 %+•*+* % No.*4 |
\ Smoking Jackets, Gowns and Litde Men ' S HatS I
I L0UI\gil\g RobeS . /f^g£ M^QII^^^Ck^I ,^^1^ The Rea! Swasger Holida y Fashions ere being |
5 See Ours-then you'll acknowledge you've seen * SH ° Wn tO * day# StyleS that make the litUe *
(Q — — ' The Home of the Overcoat, ' Qj
FRUIT GROWERS
HEAR REPORTS
EseclsJ Dispatch to The Call
SAN JOSE, Dec. 8. — Co-operation in
•J] Its phases was discussed this morn
ing by the convention cf fruit growers.
Once or twice a reference to the trans
portation matter of yesterday was
made, but President Cooper sklilfully
ehut off the discussion.
The committee on resolutions,
through John Markley, chairman, re
ported this morning and the report,
after some discussion, was adopted.
The resolutions favor the abrogation
of the present contract between the
Pacific Mail and the Panama Railroad,
believing that it would reduce freight
xates, as tramp steamers could then
connate with the Pacific Mail, and
that the whole Pacific Coast would
benefit by it; the establishment of a
parcels post with a rate as cheap as
now givtn by the American express
companies to the British, and asking
that postal conventions be concluded
with all nations in the International
Parcels Post Union for handling par
cels up to eleven pounds on as favor
able terms as now enjoyed by Mexico
and Europe; a thorough revision of the
Ml Even Men If 1
who do net care for
jewelry must wsar
Cuff Links
We have them in distinc-
tively razsruline drsign.
Thry v^ry In price from
low to high, but the price*
zte &11 just. . : : . : : •
Bohm-Bristol Co.
Jewelers aid '
fy\ 104-110 Geary Street.. \ / \
revenue laws of California and asking
the executive and Legislature depart
ments to provide for a non-partisan
tax commission., similar to that in the
State of Wisconsin, to formulate new
revenue laws that -will provide a dif
ferent form of taxation for the State
from the county and municipality, and
to effect this a constitutional amend
ment is urged.
Edward Berwick of Pacific Grove ad
dressed the convention relative to the
formation of a parcels post league. .
A. R. Sprague. chairman of the com
mittee of fifteen on co-operation, fol
lowed with an address on the necessity
of co-operation. He attempted a di
gression which threatened to open up
the transportation subject, • but was
called to order by R. D. Stephens, and
then confined himself entirely to the
subject of co-operation. Sprague de
clared that while in his opinion the
Rochdale system was the best which
could be adopted by the growers, it
was not- at present available. The
profit sharing plan appeared to him to
be more suited to the time.
CO-OPEHATIOX IS DISCUSSED.
Professor C. W. Chllds, who had
charge of the dried fruit demonstra
tion at the World's Fair at St. Louis,
declared that if the growers could get
their fruit shipped to the East without
charge they would still be unable to
dispose of the crop unless they could
offer their product to the consumer at
a lower retail price than prevails at
the present. He stated that 12% cents
a pound is the prevailing price among
the Eastern retailers.
Mr. Gordon of Sacramento said he
was much interested . in co-operation
because of. its failures. He had tried it
with the raisin growers and found that
only the intervention of the Almighty
could make all the raisin growers go
Into a co-operative plan, and only by
all going into a plan could it be made
a success.
D. T. Fowler of Fresno followed and
explained in detail the various modes of
co-operation.
The operation of the Southern Call-,
fornia Fruit Exchange was described
by C. A. Day of Los Angeles.
Just before adjournment the commit
tee, of fifteen reported two plans of co
operation and the report as a whole
was adapted. These are the same as
reported yesterday.
The first plan provides the growers
wherever practicable shall organize as
sociations to pepare the fuit for market
and that these organizations form a
central agency through which the sell
ing to the market shall be k done. The
sales are v to be made at such times and
price? as such agency, acting with the
associated organization. .. shall, . deem
best. If :there\is no agency available
the growers are urgedta form one.
.It is . recommended that . a form of
contract be devised by 'which * .each
THE SAN FRANCISCO -CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER -9. 1904
prune grower may agree to sell for
cash on delivery his entire output' for
the ensuing five years at a basis price
to be fixed slightly above the market
price at the submission of contracts to
the public, and in compensation for
thus giving control the growers shall
be entitled to one-half the net profits
derived from the packing and market
ing ot such products. ■ •
GO OX AX EXCURSION.*
A memorial upon the' death of John
Rock, the well-known nurseryman, was
adopted.
The greetings of the convention was
sent to Senator William Johnson of
Sacramento, who was too ill to attend
the convention. ■ .
Adjournment was taken until 7:30 this
evening.
The delegates were the guests. of the
Chamber of Commerce this afternoon
and were taken on an excursion over
the Interurban Electric Railway to Los
Gatos and Saratoga, A stop was made
at the Sorosis packing-house, an
inspection of the plant was made and
a light lunch served. . . .
There was a fair attendance", at the
evening session when President Couper
called it to order. The evening . had
been set apart for a session- for ; the
County Horticultural Commissioners
and the programme was made up of
subjects germain to their duties and
offices. ■ ""'1 J. • ; ' ■".'.; '.'.'•- ■
'"The Entomological Equipment 1 of
the Horticultural Commissioner" was
the subject of a paper by Professor C.
W. Woodworth, which referred" to' the
different diseases and their eradica
tion. ' - ■-, ■ i ■ ■'.' ; " ■ .
George C. -Roedlngof Fresno read a
paper on "The Inspection of. Nursery
Stock From . a \ Nurseryman's . Stand
point." "The Problem .of : Insect Con
trol" was the" subject of a paper, by C.
A. Day of Los Angeles. . '. , ,
Professor Ralph E. Smith discussed
"Pear Blight- In Northern California"
and E. K. Cams read a paper on "The
Quarantine Division of the State Com
mission of Horticulture.'.' • \.~ :
The papers were discussed by those
present. . . : . -.'■■-; ■
Fruit Crop in Oregon Is IJght.
PORTLAND, Or?, Dec' -8.- — Accord
ing to the report of- the State Board'
of Horticulture the value of the fruit
crop of Oregon this year will be. about
$2,250,000. This is somewhat smaller
than the • average, as the,: crop>. r of
prunes was only 30- pei\cent as -large
as usual. ' The varieties' of/ fruit -'arid
the. yield of each was: . ! 500.000- boxes
of > apples, -100,000 boxes iof • pears.
250.000 baskets of peaches/ 75,000
crates - of small fruits and- 3.000,000
pounds of orune*. , ..' r / vv :•!
. PACKER ESTATE.— The estate or Eliza
beth M." J. Tacker has been 'appraised at $22-
SS5. nearly the entire value being ln'realfy." .'..
CHRISTIANITY
AND THE NEGRO
. NEW, YORK, Dec. ; 8.— Before a mis
sionary .mass-meeting in Holy Trinity
Church, Brooklyn, called to discuss the
work of.*' the*. Episcopal church among
the negroes, Bishop . Burgess of the
j diocese of Long, Island, who presided,
I declared that : the fate of the church
| and state alike Is Involved in the solu
tion of this problem. If the white peo
ple do ;' not . elevate the negro, he de
clared, the negro- surely will drag his
I white superiors to his own level. Chris
tlanitj' alone could do it, he said. .
• The Rev. Dr. c;F. J. Wrigley, arch
deacon of South* Brooklyn, said he
feared that 'a mistake had been, made
in the enfranchising of the negro when
he was hardly prepared for the solemn
duty. If this, mistake. had been made,
he said,' great must I be ' the reparation
from the North in money, and In work
to bring the negro to a state where he
might work out his own destiny. In
dustrial education-will be the means
for this, Dr.'.Wrlgley believed. -
- Dr. Wrigley asserted also that prac
tically a state 'of anarchy exists in the
South to-day. : A 'great movement of
negroes had; set Un to the cities, where
they -were iiving\ wretchedly .and shift
lessly, and '.yet; before the warthey had
done 'practically "all ; the. skilled' labor of
the South. The trouble, he believed,
had . come . ': ■ from . a ; misconception of
what liberty" meant' when ' the negroes
. received; it.. Negroes In" this • condition
were 1 a menace : to the "church, the state
and themselves. -To remedy, this they
must be educated— made . to see God.
| They. should be given- a chance for in
• dustrial. development. : ,Then when the
negro had his \ chance if he took ad
vantage'6f It' he, should be received at
his "true" 'worth : as a man, despite his
color. In this work of regeneration the
North must .bear ;the burden, • for it
alone has the money. .'.;. .
ROBBERS DYNAMITE SAFE
\: , AND GET ABOUT $3000
Farmers' State . Bank In Oklahoma
Territory Is Visited by
Bold : Tli teves.
CITY. Okla:, Dec. \8.' —
The' Farmers'. State Bank at Lambert,
forty. miles west of Enid, .was robbed
last > night"; by .three -men. who .dyna
mited the safe. '^ATsoutj? 3000 In' cash
was 1 secured and -thcr- robbers ;escaped
toward {the, Gloss Mountains.. A- posse
Is In pursuit. ."."
ENTIRE FAMILY
IS MURDERED
AUGUSTA, Ga.. Dec. 8.— Some time
last; night Benjamin B. Hughes, a
wealthy merchant and planter of Tren
toni: S. C, and his entire family .were
murdered and their house burned.
Investigation revealed the fact that
unknown persons, believed by the
tracks found" to be three men, entered
the house; murdered Mrs. ' Hughes j in
her room with an ax, then went to the
room of, the daughters, Emma, aged 19
"years, and Hattie, aged 14 years, and
murdered them In like manner without
the girls awakening. Hughes evident
ly heard the noise and went from his
room into the hallway, where he was
shot down, v
A;srecial train was sent to Columb«s
for bloodhounds to track the murder
ers. The highest state of excitement
prevails through the community.
AXTI-DIVORCE CRUSADE
INDORSED BY THE POPE
. ROME, Dec. 8. — Pope Pius coun
sels, all Catholic journals to adopt a
sympathetic attitude toward the new
movement. in the Anglican church to
restrict the obtaining of divorces. His
Holiness, urges that the general effect
of convincing mankind of the necessity
of a law mantainlng the lndissolubility
of the marriage tie would be greatly
to promote the happiness of the hu
man race.
Army and Xavy Orders.
Dec. 8. — Sergeant
Major .:" Langdon Gilmore, - Artillery
Corps, junior grade, Fort Miley, Cal.,
is^ transferred to Fort; Totten, N. Y.
Orders to , naval offlcersi — Passed As
sistant ' Paymaster J. D. Barber or
dered; to the Philadelphia- at the navy
yard, . Puget; Sound. Wash., December
15. Passed .Assistant PajTnaster R.
Nicholson is detached from. the Phila
delphia, December 15, and ordered to
the; Independence at Mare Island, Cal.,
December 31. Paymaster McG. R.
Gcldsborough is detached . from the
Independence at Mare Island, Decem-*
ber 31, and ordered home to wait or
ders.* Clerk O. F. Cato,
appointment dated June : 20, ,1904, on
duty. . on Vboard the Philadelphia, re
voked; \- Paymaster's Clerk J.* J. Cun
ningham, appointment dated August
17;* 1903.* duty on board Independence,
Mareisland, revoked.
"MAMMY" PLEASANT 8 TREASURE.—
The Donohoe-Kelly Banking Company has
called upon the Superior Court to determine
the ownership of a little black tin box depos
ited In Its keeping prior to 18A5 with a tag
attached bearing the names of Mary E. Pleas
ant and Marie T. BeU. The bank. In Its com-
JLOVERTISESOESTS.
OPEN EVENINGS
FOR THE
XMAS-TIME BUYER \
WE OFFER
.** v . ■• ■ . • ■ ■ ; —
And we won't be undersold by anybody. Not an "al-
teration" sale, not a "removal" sale, not a "going-
out-of-business" sale, but a bona-fide reduction in
the price of every piano in our stock, from now un-
til Xmas time. No better pianos* in the world than
you find here ; the largest stock on the coast from
which. to choose. You need only to pay a little
- money down and a little money each' month for a
', little time to come to secure the best piano that
can be had, and that at the lowest possible price.
A visit here will prove all-convincing.
KOHLER & CHASE
I Established 1850 h
(The Largest. Music House on the Coast > p
Corner Post and Kearny Streets |
-.7 •■-.-•■ v -..■•■-.- .-»
plaint, declares that th» box haa b*«a demaad
ed by W. H. Davis, assignee of "Manuny"
Pleasant, lnsotrent debtor, and by Theresa P.
Bell, administratrix of the BeU estate. The
bank has no Interest la the box. but wants t-»
be snr* that It " Is delivered to the ' rightful
owner.
56
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
"PELICAN" MEN
GIBE AT NANCE
Military Instructor at the
University Is Subject of
Cartoons and Witticisms
Humorous Periodical Is Full
of Stabs at Army Officer
Who Has Disciplined Them
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2841 Center Street. Dec. S.
Flaring posters on the university
campus to-day, addressed ostensibly to
•Nancy" (Captain J. T. Nance. Ninth
Cavalrj ). but really to the students
Ti'bu have fplt the heavy harid of the
military instructor, inform all who read
that the "Pelican.' the students' hu
morous pi nodical, will be out to-mor
row, ar.d will be devoted largely to a
discussion, pictorial and written, ol
Nance's flpht with the class in mili
tary tactics.
The posters read as follows:
Utilt M*nc>: You know Pelican will be out
Friday. IV- *ure to p. t a copy Ix'iore lh*y are |
all soue. Thi.- nunitx-r will t»e a •tr.Uitary
lantf." ard may if u*=«'d as a handy syllsnus
;i. connection wlih the riguiar iorm 01 in
uruvtion in the art ot military science. TTouri
a> ever/: - FELL.1E.
December b 1!*M.
Instead of dying down, the bitter feel
ing of a majority or the students
zKainst Captain Nance proves merely
to have been suppressed, for the news
that "Pelican" would deal in caustic ,
fathi'.'n with the captain's obnoxious
marching orders was greeted with
shouts <-f Joy. The senior class, sixty
members of which are on probation and
liable to suspension any moment for
jail are to obey Nance s orders, has j
taken to heart, sadly, the suspension of [
one of its best leved men. W. T. Hale,
editor of the Daly Californian. and
while it has perforce submitted to
Nance's iron hand, it has neglected to
kiss the rod.
It was freely predicted to-day by the
more conservative men that "Pelican's"
satire on the Nance episode would re
mit in trouble for the editorial board,
of which Eugene Hallett, one of
Nance's adjutants, is chief. Captain
Nance apparently has failed to realize
the propriety in a situation which per
mits one of his lieutenants to print a
humorous publication, in which the
military department does not play a
very dignified part, and it Is feared
x that the diligence he showed in met
ing out punishment tc; the men who
criticized him in the Daily Californian,
as did Hale, will be repeated.
Nance is pictured in one of the car
toons as a schoolmaster with a big
bell, directing the movements of three
students on drili. In other witticisms,
portraits and cartoons, the military in
structor finds himself the subject of un
merciful lampooning.
Editor Hale, who was suspended for
criticizing Nance's orders, is the sub
ject of some interesting cartoons. The
"co-eds" are put in one picture dressed
in military blouses, lined up for mili
tary inspection, with i Nance looking
them over.
The seniors who attend Nance's class
in military instruction brought two big
fraternity dogs into the classroom yes
terday, and these createa such a dis
turbance that the class was badly dis
organized, to the captain'6 intense dis
gust. He sent for the university police
to remove the animals, and when the
men guffawed he sternly suppressed
the signs of enjoyment. The disturb
ance is expected to be the beginning of
a series of seemingly innocent ordeals,
including the current "Pelican" edition,
which Captain Nance is to unndergo as
a sequel to his disciplinary measures.
TALKS ABOUT
WATER SUPPLY
Berkely Offico San Francisco Call,
Onter Street, Dec. 8.
Marsdcn Marion, former member of
the Board of Public Works of San
Francisco, delivered an. address to the
Berkeley Improvement clubs at a mass
meeting at Shattuck Hall to-night. The
subject was -Municipal Water Supply."
Victor J. Robertson presided. Engin
eer Manson told how George H. Men
dell, C. E. Grunsky and himself had,
trfajte members of the Board of Public
Works, secretly obtained vast water
ehfd rights on the Tuolumne River for
development as a source of water .*up
ply for San Francisco and outlying,
cities. He said that agents of tht
Kprin? Valley Water Works and other
interests had been securing water
righis all over Northern California for
years to cheek the posslbllity'of a.n*»w
•supply interfering with the monopoly
in San Francisco.
But Manson continued he had. with
hi« associates, employed United States
Geological Survey men to help in locat
ing the rights on the Tuolumne, and
that there can be made available a
supply of 40,000 million gallons of wa
ter annually that the public can take —
«*xtra-seasonal wuter, he termed it, to
which the people have legal claim.
Engineer Manson explained that this
watershed would be free from all con
taminating influences, that the water
would be pure and undefiled. He ar
gued that to possess a pure water pup
ply was the best advertisement any
community could hav««. Manson In-'
vited Berkeley as one of the bay cities I
to Join with San Francisco in working
to gain a supply from this Tuolumne
River source.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Skin Diseases
are cured by
Glycozone
Endorui by th* Medical Profettion.
By destroying germs, they as-
sist nature to accomplish a cure.
Send thirty-five cents to pay ex-
pressage on Free Trial Bottles.
Sol4 l<jr Le*41ar DrarrHts.
Vet foul-j' UBiet* label bear* my »icn»tere ;
0 C r J wm
61 0 Prince Street. N. Y. ■
Writ* for frff Informal I no «b»»t
ni hh'i7o»k .mi i.i,vio7o<K,
GIRLS' HOME TO BE DEDICATED
Founders of Plan See Noble Work Finished
OAKLAND, Dec. S.— It Is not gener
ally known that Mrs. Paul Lohse, a
prominent Oakland society woman,
founded that splendid organization, the
Catholic Ladies' Aid, that is about to
open a girls' home in San Francisco.
Over seventeen years ago Mrs. Lohse
recognized the urgent need of orga
nized philanthropy, and encouraged by
Father King set herself to the task of
systematizing the work of relief, that
had hitherto been, left to charitable In
dividuals. Her efforts were attended
with success, and in a short while
nearly all of Oakland's prominent
Catholic women were banded together
under the name of the Ladies' Aid So
ciety. Branch No. 1. A flattering proof
of Mrs. Lohse's foresight and executive
ability lies in the fact that the consti
tution and by-laws of the society are
still intact as she framed them.
Of recent years continued ill health
has prevented the founder from taking
a very active part in the work so well
begun, but she had gathered about her
many noble women, who have carried
out the society's plans most worthily,
notably Miss Mary Carr, whose* devo
tion to the cause of charity is too well
known to need more than passing com
ment. Miss Carr is now past president
of the order, and in conjunction with
Mrs. Margaret Deane. past grattd pres
ident, and Mrs. T. P. Hogan, president
of Branch No. 1, has done much to
bring about the founding of the Girls'
Home and the general thrifty condition
of the society.
The Catholic Ladies' Aid has spread
until now it includes twenty-four
branches. Some conception of the work
accomplished may be had when it is
stated that the Oakland branch alone
has expended in cash over $1400 in the
last two years. That does not include
the groceries and clothing that have
been distributed.
The Girls' Home, which will be dedi
caetd Saturday by Archbishop Rior
dan, is situated on Gough street, in San
Francisco, and is intended to be a hotel
where girls alone in the city may ob
tain board and room at living rates.
Two rooms have been furnished by
Branch No. 1 of Oakland, and other
apartments have been furnished by va
rious branches and by wealthy women
of San Francisco. Among the well
known women who are greatly inter
ested in the society and are among its
most generous patrons are Mrs. Henry
Mathews of Oakland, Mrs. Loughbor
ough. Mrs. M. H. de Young, Mrs. Ber
tha Welsh, the Misses O'Connor and
Mrs. Frank Sullivan of San Francisco.
The dedicatory services Saturday will
be participated in by Most Rev. Arch
bishop Riordan, Coadjutor Archbishop
Montgomery, Rev. H. H. Wyman. C. S.
P.. and Rev. D. O. Crowiey. A fine
musical programme has been arranged,
the participants being Mrs. M. Mc-
Glade, soprano; the Elks' Quartet;
Mrs. M. Walsh, soprano; Mrs. H. J"
Gallagher, pianist; R. E. J. Kerns,
barytone; Miss A. Rooney, soprano,
and Miss May Stein, pianist. Readings
will be given by Miss Agnes Nunan,
George Clark and E. .Fitzgerald.
The reception committee will include
Mrs. Margaret Deane. Miss Mary Carr
Miss Mary Conlin, Mrs. T. P. Hogan!
Mrs. M. Henry, Miss Bessie Gallagher,
Miss Louise Knorp, Mrs. C. E. Finney,
Mrs. S. McFadden, Mrs. A. Collins,
Mrs. P. J. White, Mrs. D. F. Ragan,
Mrs.' J. Malion. Mrs. M. Smith. Mrs. O
C. Kirk. Mrs. S. Coleman, Mrs. Percy
Smith and Miss Emma Russell.
Berkeley Girl Elopes.
BERKELEY, Dec. 8.— The long list
of elopements by Berkeley couples in
tent upon marriage has been added to
by the secret departure of Miss Maude
Hiney and Edward T. Bradley. They
left the college town last Sunday with
out apprising their friends or the fam
ily of the girl and were married at San
Francisco the. same day. The parents
of the young woman are said to have
opposed the match. They were in
formed of the marriage by a message
sent by Bradley from San Jose on Sun
day afternoon. The couple eventually
■will return. to Berkeley, where .Brad
ley conducts a mercantile business.
Backs Demand With a Knife.
BERKELEY, Dec. 8. — Joseph Lae
Is accused by Poundmaster Joe Ryan
of. using, unconventional means to se
cure the return of his horse from the
Berkeley pound. Lae Is proprietor of
the French bakery on Tenth street,
near University avenue. His horse was
taken into custody to-day by Ryan,
and according to the latter's story Lae
used . a big knife to urge his demand
for the animal's release. Ryan swore
to a warrant for Lae's arrest before
Justice Edgar, "charging the French
baker with malicious mischief.
T. L. I. ELECTS OFFICERS.— Alameda.
Dec. 8. — Isle City Council No. 51 of the Young
Ladles' Institute ' has chosen the following of
ficers: , President. Miss Julia Halton; first
vice president, Mrs. Mollle Busaenius; second
vJc« president, Mrs. J.. A. Wilson; recording
secretary. Mies Alice Leclerc; . financial secre
tary. Mrs. Bremmage: treasurer. Miss Ida
Klfln; marshal. Mrs.- de.la Fontaine; trustees
— Mire Mary Anderaon. Mrs. - Mulvaney. and
Mlsa Wleland; physician. Dr. Mary Ilalton.
THE ; SAN FRANCISCO CALL;- FRIDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1904.
LEADERS IN THE CATHOLIC LADIES' AID SOCIETY IN OAKLAND WHO
AIDED IN FOUNDING THE GIRLS' HOME IN SAN FRANCISCO WHICH
, WILL BE DEDICATED BY ARCHBISHOP RIORDAN TO-MORROW.
TOPIC FOR
CARNOT DEBATE
IS ANNOUNCED
:.-•:■■ •'■/.'.- ~-
BERKELEY. Dec. 8.— The data of the Car
not debate to be held at Stanford this year
has just been announced as Friday,*' February
3. Tryouts will be held immediately after
the college opens. In case there should be
both preliminaries and flnals the former will
be h?ld on Tuesday, January 17, In the. even
ing at Stiles Hatt, and the finals on Friday
night following at the same place.* The
definite question to be discussed will be postej
on the bulletin board two hours before the
debate. The general question as already '■ an
nounced Is: "The relation of the church to
the etate in France since 1801."
The associated students of the university
arc to hold their annual meeting next Frl
aay morning at 11 o'clock in Harmon gym
nasium. Committee reports will be made "and
discussed. The honor system committee- will
be among thofie giving reports. Manager De
cuto will present his report of athletic evenu
he has supervised, including receipts of the
games and nro/lts.
.-The Prytaneans. a woman's honor society,
last night Initiated the following women stu
dents: • Florence -Parker, '05; Mabel • Downs,
'05; Gladys Meyer, .'(Hi; Bertlnc Woolenberg,
'00; Helen Parker. 'Otj, and •' Flora Frlck
stadt, '05. .-■ .
The Occident Magazine Publishing Company
has elected the following officers for the en*
suing term: W. H. Dehm, president; J. S.
Koford, vice president; Miss K. 1 Hershey, sec
retary; C. B. Glascock, treasurer. The edi
torial beard will remain unchanged except
that by agreement between the editors, *A. C.
Keane and Leo D. Bishop. . the .former, ■ who
has had charge of the editorial columns dur
ing the last half year, will give way to
Bishop during the coming term.
The executive committee of the A.' S. U. C.
has decided that there "have been too many
complimentary .-tickets issued to football games
and Manager Decoto will be- instructed to cut
down the free list. A committee has been
appointed to act with Decoto In revising the
lift. The executive committee has reported
the receipts from the sale of souvenir football
programmes at the Intercollegiate game to
have been $1830 76V The books cost $1008 70
The University sp0n will take up a new line
of work in the form of .nature study. A con
fsrencft-on the subject. .is to be held In South
Hull 'nil December 10, ; under the auspices of
the seminary ' for . the .' study of special prob
lems ln« education.' Addresses will be made by
Professors E£_ -W,;,' HiUrard, W. J. V, Oster
hout and E. 12'. -• Brown.^ 1 1
• Th* sophomore" :burlesrjue committee has
announced that the ; burlesque will be pro
duced at the Macdonough Theater In Oakland
on the nleht- of February, 24. -
The : Students". Congress- elected officers last
night ai follows: >.;L. I). Bohnett, 'Ott, was
chosen, speaker for 1 next<, term; S. H. Beach
'05. Bpi!aker pro ttm.; H/.U-Hagan. '06, clerk';
C. L. Smith, treasurer, and D.4I. Evans ('06)
II. C, LynchV('O6) and E. Nathan ('05) for
the executive .'committee.';-
FJve>.new drinking fountains of artistic de
sign- have been* placed • on i. the campus during
the last; week,,*xjne undArthe Le Conte oak
cne near tb?- library,'' In the palm garden
near Hearst 'Hall; and' by the gymnasium, a
more pretentious fountain Is to be erected to
the memory of John Mitchell, late armorer,
whose memory is ■ cherished by students and
university authorities.
In a res{auraht" : lri*' San Francisco Saturday
night the- f6Uowln« university men 'were in
itiated into' the "Winged Helmet, a junior honor
society: • Professor James T. Allen,' Recorder
James Button, - Roy H. Elliot. Harry A. En
cell. Roy C Gunn. Joseph S. Koford, Edwin
B.'- Rust and. Lewis .E. Stern. The -Winged
Holmrt is one..of the most exclusive of the
honor societies; of*' the universities and admls
slon to It" l»r eagerly sought. Of the men
initiated Encejl/lt : chairman of the Junior
day committee. ' Elliott and Stern are mem
bem of the varsity football team, Koford; is
prominent In- coHpm Journalism, Rust is an
amateur actor of distinction and assistant yell
leader and Gunn Is distinguished for ability in
scholarship.;-..-^.--
ROMANCE; QF STUDENTS.— Berkeley/ Dec
8.— A romance In : the' lives ■ of two university
students which ■■ began ■• In the ' Northwestern
Unlvemlty of Chicago ended here. last night
when Robert McFaf land and ' Miss Cora Ses
sions- were married, at the home of Miss Ses-^
elons' . parents, 1929 -.Vln« , street, by , the ; Rev.
C. K. Jeness. The Session* have a large etock
ranch In Modoc County and live much of \ the
time at JFort Bidwell; but spend the winter at
their ' Berkeley residence. Mr. McF*arland will
take his bride to a wheat ranch which he oper
ates near Lawrence, Kan.
MUSIC-LOVERS
SHOULD THANK
THE HOME CLUB
By Zoe Green Kadcliffe.
OAKLAND. Dec. 8. — At last we seem to be
on the map and now. instead of rushing
madly across the bay to enjoy the celebrities
that westward stray, we stay comfortably at
home, serene in the - consciousness that the
great ones will eventually come to us — a few
of them, at any rate. When lovers of music
rise In their enthusiasm . and build a fitting
hall, then shall we have all of them but as
yet wo must be content with the crumbs that
are thrown our way. The Home Club— would
that its pretty auditorium were more acces
sible — has done much for musical Oakland and
will do more.
Last season the incomparable Schumann
llelnck would not have been heard in Oak
land but tor the Home Club and now the
same progressive organization Is planning to
bring Ovid* Mu.«in, the great Belgian violinist
here.. He will appear at the club on the eve.i
ing of Friday, December 16. The occasion
promises to be one . of the brilliant musical
events of the winter. Musin will be accom
panied by Grace Whistler Mlslck. contralto;
Marlon Green; basso, and Mr. Gulllame
pianist
I Another event of yast importance' in the
musical world will -be the appearance of the
wizard. Paderewskl. who will give a matinee
recital at the Macdonough. December 23 Gad
ski, the Dolmetsohes and David Bispbam are
also programmed for Oakland la the near
future. * *
• ,- V •-•';>•
Twenty-five years ago William Hawkett,
now deceased, plighted his troth to a fair
maid und«r a floral bell and yesterday after
noon -his daughter. Miss May. I. Hawkett, was
married under the same bell to the man of
her choice. Harry Phillip Cripps. It was a
simple - little ■ home wedding, with only sixty
dear friends in attendance, but tha arrange,
ments and decorations were extremely artis
tic and tasteful. White chrysanthemum* and
maidenhair with garlands of smllax and white
ribbons adorned the reception rooms, while the
breakfast room fairly. glowed with a profusion
of red berries and knots of scarlet ribbon.
NThe bride wore a pretty gown of white crepe
do chine and carried Bride roses. No veil was
worn, but a - cluster of orange blossoms
crowned her hair.
She was given away by her mother, and
Rev. Mr. Moor of ' the Fourth Congregational
Church pronounced the benediction.
A dainty wedding breakfaet was served, at
the bride's table being seated, besides the
newly mcrrled • pair. Miss Frank Hawketl
Miss Gladys Hawkett. Mrs. Hawkett. Miss Esl
sle. Smith, Mids Bessie Cotton, Mlsa Wllla
Webb Si'<i. Mrs. Cripps, Miss Marguerite Haw
xett, Mr. Wade, Mr. Dakin, Edward Allen Mr
Bryer, Bert Cripps and Mr. Stevenson, t
Mr. and Mrs. Cripps will spend their honey,
mocn In the south, and on their return will
live at 570 Thirty -first street. The groom is
a young business man of San Francisco - and
the bride, a high school graduate, is 'a daugh
ter of the late - William • Hawkett, a well
known politician of this city. ,
There was a pleasant little christening party
at the F. B. Dallams* last week, when Baby
Marlon Ethel Dallam was christened according
to the rites of the Episcopal church. Dr.- John
Dallam, a reUtlve of the Fred Dallams, was
the officiating clergyman, and as he Is also a
life long friend of Rev. i Mr. -Gee ot. 8t.- John's
the ceremony took place at 'the. little Eighth
street church In the presence of a few Inti
mate friends,* who .later spent the evening at
the Dallams' El Dorado-street home. Dr. Dal
lam left for the Philippines on the transport
Logan. . ■ . ■■._ , >;..( -.;.?■•
Begin Work for Campaign.
(OAKLAND, pec.J.— The first action
toward opening the approaching mu
nicipal campaign was taken this even
ing, when the Republican : City Cen
tral Committee met- in Judge Quinn's
courtroom. J. f W. Stetson, Edward
Planer and -Alexander Marx were ' ap
pointed a' committee of three. to draw
up a petition for* the placing of the
party, name upon the municipal i ticket
Andrew Johnstone': was appointed to
look ; after ' the"; matter or , registration
and transfers and' to find out just how
much-time' voters ; had in which" to see
that 1 ' their _:names were properly en
rolled-on the great register. <
WILL APPEAL
TO CONGRESS
Delegation of Oakland Board
of Trade to Visit Washing
ton for an Appropriation
Resolutions -Signed by Gov
ernor Pardee and Civic
Bodies Apply for $900,000
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Dec. 8.
A committee of the Board of Trade of
this city, consisting of its secretary,
Edwin Stearns and E. C. Sessions,
leaves here to-morrow morning for
Washington to appear before the Riv
ers and Harbors Committee of Con
gress next Thursday, to ask an appro
priation of $900,000 for the deepening of
Oakland Harbor to a uniform depth of
twenty-five f^t from San Francisco
bay to Brooklyn basin. They will be
backed up by data and pictures. Mr.
Sessions, who is well Informed in re
gard to the harbor, will be able to an
swer all questions propounded by the
committee.
The data collected by the Board of
Trade shows that upward of a $1,500,
000 has been expended In the last few
years by private property owners in an
effort to do what Congress is now-go
ing to be asked to complete. The res
olutions adopted by the Board of Trade
for presentation to the Congressional
committee have the indorsement of the
City Council. Mayor Warren Olney, the
Merchants' Exchange of San Francisco,
the Board of Supervisors of Alameda
County and Governor George C. Par
dee. The Governor has written the fol
lowing pesonal appeal:
"I concur in the above resolutions in
their entirety and respectfully add my
recommendation that the matters
therein be taken up and acted upon
favorably by the Congress of the
United States.
"GEORGE C. PARDEE, Governor."
The delegation leaves with high hopes
of success. It already has the personal
assurance of one or two of the mem
bers of the committee, at whose sug
gestion the delegation was appointed.
While $900,000 is to be asked for, only
$300,000 will be needed the first year and
the remainder of, the money the two
years following.
ALAHEDA CODNTY MS
"400 CLUB" TO GIVE DANCE.— Oakland.
Dec. 8. — Arrangements are now complete tor
th* dance to be given by the "400 Club" at
Pythian Hall to-morrow evening. Many "tickets
have b«en sold, insuring a good attendance.
WERE QUIETLY MARRIED.— Oakland.
Dec. 8.— Miss- Mollie Skinner and John Stlll
waugh surprised their friends to-day by an
nouncing their marriage. The ceremony was
performed on Thursday. December 1, ' at the
home of a mutual friend.
DAVIS ELECTED CAPTAIN.— Oakland..
Dec. 8. — "Mike" Davis, who for three y^ara
has played guard on the Oakland High School
football team, haa been chosen captain of the
(fleven for next year. Davis Is one o( the
most popular members of the team, knows the
game thoroughly and lb a tower of strength on
the lino.
WANT POSITIONS AS TEACHERS.—Ala
meda, Dec. 8. — Applications for positions as
teachers in the School Department have been
died with the Board of Education by Miss
Mamie B. Dougherty, Llvermore; Miss Emma
F. Daniel. San Anselmo; S. E. Davies, St.
Paul. Minn.: Miss Elizabeth Ogier. San Jose,
and Miss Helen I. Kelly. Butte, Mont.
FUNERAL OF DR. H. B. BESS AC—Oak
land. Dec. 8.— The funeral of Dr. H. B. B;s
sac of Orovllle, several years County Physician
of Butte County, was held to-day at the Oak
land Crematory, the remains being incinerated.
Dr. Bessac's death was caused by blood pois
oning, contracted In performing an; operation.
At the time of his death he was M) years
cf age.
CHARGED WITH MURDER— Oakland. Dec.
8. — An information was drawn up b»- the Dis
trict Attorney to-day charging Lemuel D.
Campbell with the murder ,of his wife, Laura
J. W. Campbell, whom he Bhot for her refusal
to return and live with him. The charge was
read to him in the County Jail this afternoon
and he will appear before Judge Hall to-mor
row for arraignment.
VICTIM OF MANY ACCIDENTS— Oakland.
Dec. 8. — Roger Ironsides, a candymaker, IS
years old, was treated at the Receiving Hos
pital to-day for a badly scalded arm. He
slipped and fell, plunging his arm Into a bucket
of boiling water. He says ill luck has long
followed him. ' His left arm has been broken
twice and his right arm once and he has lost
an eye in an accident.
MAY FORM ONE LARGE LODGE—
Oakland, Dec. 8. — The various organizations
of Knights of Pythiae in Oakland are consid
ering the advisability of consolidating the sev
eral locml lodges into one large lodge. In
order to take a test vote on the proposition, a
communication nan been sent to the members
'of Live Oak Lodge No. IT. urging, them to at
tend a meeting on December 14 for action on
the subject. )
DR. EMERSON'S LECTURE.— Berkeley,
Dec. -8. — Dr. Alfred A. Emerson delivered an
interesting lecture to-night in Hearat Hall on
the. subject of the art collection h« made In
Europe for the university under the auspices
of Mrs, Phoeb« Heam. The exhibit is now
temporarily installed in one of the affiliated
colleges in San Francisco. It will later be
placed in the museum which is to be built on
the university campus.
HALCTON PARLOR OFFICERS.— Alameda.
Dec. 8. — Halcyon Parlor No. 140. Native Sons
of the Golden West, has elected the follow
ing officers: President. William Hammond
Jr.; first vice president, A. D. Goldsworthy:
second vice president. F. S. Cone; third vice
president. Henry Koerber Jr. ; rx-ordlng sec
retary. J. Clem Bates; financial secretary. II
D. Clark; surgeons. Dr. M. W. Brown and
W. A. Brooke; trustee. Frank W. Hally; mar
shal. D. C. Martin; organist, A. B. Tarpey.
WILL ENTERTAIN LADIES.— Oakland
Dec. 8.— The Reliance Athletic Club will give
a ladies' night on Thursday evening, Decem
ber 15. The committee in charge of the affair
has arranged an interesting programme, con
slatlng of exhibitions by members of the club,
a drill by the pupils of the Hoover Physical
Culture Institute of San Francisco and it
basket-ball game between teams from the Reli
ance Club and the San Francisco Y. M. C. A.
FREED BY DIVORCE— Oakland, Dec. ».—
An interlocutory decree of divorce was grant
ed Frank P. Furey of Alameda ■ to-day from
Mary A. Furey on the ground of desertion. She
refused to live in Alameda and after twenty
years of married life they separated. - Ella
A. Frissell obtained an interlocutory decree
of divorce from Jchn H. Fris«ell on the ground
of desertion, with $23 a month alimony. F. M.
Stoddard got a final decree of divorce from Ed
ward L. Stoddard to-day, on the ground of
desertion. 'iSBsflBS
NEW CLUB FOR WOMEN.— Berkeley. Dec.
8. — Women prominent In club life in the uni
versity town have decided to organize a new
club to discuss current events, literature and
social problems. Mrs. E. Dobbins and Mrs. R.
Rice, promoters of the plan, met last night In
the rooms 1 uf the Town and Gown Club to dis
cuss the. details of the organization. A second
meeting will be held next Tuesday night, when
a. score or more of women are expected to be
present and elect officers, adopt by-laws and
give the . new organization a start.
IMPROVEMENT. CLUB'S HOME.— Berkeley.
Dec. 8. — Refused the privilege of holding meet
ings in the Peralta fire engine house, the
Fourth Ward Republican • Club and the Ashby
Improvement Club have begun preparations to
build a hall for their own use. C. H. Vaughn
has given three years' use of land on Ashby
avenue, between Shattuck and Adeline, for the
purpose. The Shattuck-avenue : planing mill
has promised to do a lot of work on the build
ing gratis, and plumbers and carpenters will
donate their services. The building will be 22
by 60 feet.
MARRIAGE LICENSES— Oakland. Dec. 8.—
The following marriage, licenses were Issued
by . the County . Clerk to-day : Thompson G.
Walton, 28, and Jessie E. Ackroyd, 25, both of
Chicago: John W. Kennedy, j 27, and Euphenla
■ F. : L. Sery, .20. both ■ of San Francisco; Aden
Fraser, 29, and Mildred E. Oakes 19, both of
Seattlo; Francisco • N. Sllva, 48,_Pleasanton,
and Elena Cordoza, 44, Mission San Joee; Steve
C. Breschlni. 34. Salinas, and Dena Cotti, 34,
Oakland: Ortllo Musclo, 30. and Margaret
Hauser, 28,' both of Newman. Stanislaus Coun
ty: Oeorge -W.'Mariante. 30. and 'Mamie Par-
f rlsh. 20. l both of Oakland; Charles E. Nippold,
39. and Sarah M. Cantelow," 40. both of Vca
vllle: Maurice W, -.■ Rhea,: 20. and Myrtle • F.
Bookhout, 21, both of Oakland.
BEGIN WEAVING
THE EVIDENCE
Prosecution and Police Open
the Preliminary Examina
tion of David Kiniry, Thug
Prisoner Smiles Pleasantly
as. the Testimony Piles Up
to Form Murder Case Chain
Oakland Office San Francisco CaJl.
1016 Broadway, Dec. 8.
David Kiniry was placed on prelim
inary examination to-day before Police
Judge George Samuels on a charge of
murdering Policeman James H. Smith
November 27, 1903.
This enigmatical criminal smilingly
watched the coils of circumstantial evi
dence woven In court to-day. He smiled
when Police Judge Mortimer Smith,
brother of the murdered patrolman,
faced him from the witness stand. He
smiled and joked when clinching bits of
evidence filtered from the witnesses as
strong points in the case were unfold
ed. He was keenly intent, however,
and his sharp eyes saw everything that
went on.
Identification of the slain policeman
was given by his brother and the story
of the shooting was developed. District
Attorney John J. Allen assisted Prose
cuting Attorney Leach. After Judge
Smith. Policeman John Cockerton told
about finding Policeman Smith wound
ed on the steps of the Palmer resi
dence. He also related, how he found
Goldstein's body and a pistol near it.
Detective Kyte explained a diagram of
the locality which he made.
Reeves Baker explained how he found
Patrolman Smith, from whose hand he
took a pistol. ;'/
Walter Withers testified he saw two
men with bicycles passing the Palmer
residence shortly before the shooting.
He saw and heard Policeman Smith
place the pair under arrest.
"Any questions. Kiniry?" asked
Leach.
"No, none," replied the prisoner. "He
explained everything very nicely."
Henry Herman, a coachman, gave
evidence as to watching two men run
through Fourteenth street after the
shooting. He was present when Gold
stein's body was found. Near it a gun
metal watch was picked up. That
watch, the police say, they will prove
belonged to Kiniry.
Testimony concerning Policeman
Smith's condition when he was taken
to the Receiving Hospital was given
by Dr. O. D. Hamlin. who gave a re
markably clear narrative. This, to
gether with Dr. Hamlin's report upon
the autopsy, forms strong points in
the case.
Dr. George G. Relnle corroborated
Dr. Hamlin. Dr. J. M. Kane and Dr.
C. E. Curdts gave evidence upon the
Goldstein autopsy, which was also
strong in support of the prosecution's
theory.
Dwight L. Strong,' Miss Daisy No
lan, Charles and Fred Kutz, brothers,
who heard the shots, added to the
record.
The two bicycles used by the bur
glars were taken into the courtroom,
while W. F. Townley, manager of.
Leavitt & Bill's cyclery, supplied tes
timony that connected Kiniry and
Goldstein with the wheels. Contracts
were shown Townley, 'which,' he said,
had been signed by Kiniry as follows:
"Frank ijmith, 1031 Franklin street."
and by Goldstein under his own name.
Kiniry stepped over to the wheels,
in the midst of Townley's statement,
and looked carefully and closely at
them. He nodded affirmatively to
Chief Hodjjkins.
Prosecuting Attorney Leach and the
detectives made" a search for num
bers on the wheels.
"If Goldstein made a good Job of It.
you won't find the numbers," said
Kiniry. . J; "
One number could be read, how
ever, and it is the wheel that Kiniry
bought under the name of Frank
Smith. Townley identified the wheels.
E. F. Thompson, 419 Hyde street,
San Francisco, testified that Kiniry
and Goldstein had occupied rooms at
1919 Oak street, San Francisco, when
Thompson lived there in October last
yt-ar. Thompson saw the men with
bicycles very like those in the court
room, j After the two men left Mrs.
Thompson found a cigar box filled
with plaster of parls In crucible form
and a black cloth face mask in Gold
stein's room.
Prosecuting Attorney Leach asked a
question touching gas Dills, the Import
being that Kiniry and Goldstein had
used gas and blowpipe to melt gold.
Thompson could not answer the query,
but as he left the witness-stand Kiniry
said to his former landlord:
"I'm sorry the gas bill was so high.
I hope you'll excuse me this time."
William Bannan, whose residence, at
1457 Harrison street was plundered of
valuable jewels a few days before
Smith was shot, identified a pair of
cuff buttons as having been among the
property .that was stolen. The but
tons were found In Klnlry's trunk.
The examination will be resumed
to-morrow morning.
May Investigate Police Scandal.
OAKLAND, Dec. 8 Judge Hall has
ordered a panel of thirty names drawn
to-morrow; from which will be se
lected the men to make up the next
Grand Jury. The order provides that
those drawn must report in the crim
inal department next Wednesday. One
of the first matters taken up by them
will probably be an Investigation of
the police scandal, which Commis
sioner Turner has threatened to take
before the body If the matter is flnally
shelved by the city authorities.
oi^ j** *r± n-— . $& Every •woman coveta a
loss of their girlish forms
Bi?(3ii3^_ after marriage. The bearing
All of thi» can be avoided,
however, by the use of Mother's Friend before baby comes; as this
great liniment always prepares the body for the strain upon it, and
preserves the symmetry of her form. Mother's Friend overcomes all the
danger of child-birth, and carries the expectant mother safely through
this critical period without pain. It is woman's greatest blessing.
Thousands gratefully tell of the benefit and /relief derived from th«
use of this wonderful
remedy. Sold by all B&iBMm -i4L t£S GS
book, telling all about -»,—
Tfe8 Bradflea Rssilatv Ca., Atlanta, fia. a B^B&B&B&8
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
.
OAKLAND.
-1016 Broadtrny.
Telephone Main 10S3.
BERKELEY.
5 MS Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Aiaiueda 539.
SENDS BULLET
THROUGH BRAIN
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 8.— S. P. Allen,
a deputy United States Marshal from
Plute, Cal., and his brother-in-law.
Raymond Walters, were shot and se
riously wounded by Harry Burris, a
bartender, in a transfer office at Fourth
street and Broadway here late this aft
ernoon. Burris then ran to his room in
a lodging-house, a block and a half
distant, and blew out his own brains.
The enforced attentions of Burris upon
Mrs. Allen and an attempt by him to
extort money from her are said to have
caused the shooting.
Allen and his wife came here from
Kern Countv this morning and were
at the transfer office arranging to have
their trunks sent to their rooms when
Burris entered and uttering an oath
opened fire upon Allen with a revolver.
Burris fired two shots, one of. which
took effect in Allen's neck, inflicting a
serious wound. Allen then drew his re
volver and returned the fire, but missed
Burris. At this juncture Raymond
Walters, a brother of Mrs. Allen, en
tered the office,, and Burris turned on
him and flred one shot, which also took
effect in his neck. Burri* then fled
from the building, pursued by officers,
and committed suicide before they
could arrest him.
The wounded men were removed to a
hospital, where their wounds were
treated. Neither man was pronounced
dangerously injured. Burris was living
with his wife at the hotel where he
killed himself. He had known the Al
len family about two years.
LACK OF RAIN
CAUSES ALARM
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA. Wash.. Dec. • 8.— Wheat
conditions in Eastern Washington and
Oregon are engaging serious attention.
Lack of rain and cold weather have
combined to injure the winter Brain and
unless. there 1s' a "change for the better
the crop of winter, .wheat. Is.' coiner to
suffer. At least that is the oDinlon ot
those who recently .visited. O»e^jorinci
pal growing- sections! : 8<* far;the"rain
fall ha* been very light and from all
indications It' is thought that the com
ing winter will be a severe qne. . This
threatens to freeze out creater portions
of the winter grain sown. The ■ srround
is very dry and the wheat has. not ab
sorbed enough moisture to sprout.- leav
ing it exposed to the frost. ,'In "this
State not more than two-thirds and in
Oregon not more than one-half of the
usual average of winter wheat I* In' the
ground this season. Farmers areverv
skeptical as to the result and are mak
ing preparations to resow most of the
fields in the spring, as it is not believed
that the wheat now in the cround will
withstand the prospective dry and cold
winter. A good rain Just now. followed
by fair weather, giving the wheat, a
chance to sprout, would mean thou
sands of dollars to the farmers while a
severe freeze would mean a practical
loss of every field of winter wheat in
Oregon.
BANQUET GIVEN IN HONOR
.; .: OF A CONGRESSMAN-ELECT
Duncan E. McKlnlay Is Entertained
In .Ma rin County by Banker^
J. F. Fugazzi. »*"ir.
SAX RAFAEL, Dec. 8. — A banquet
was given this evening at Cb'ppa'a
villa by J. F. FugazzUthe well-known
banker, to Duncan E. McKlnlayy Con
gressman-elect from the Second'Dis
trict. - > J y^
The large banquet-room wasfpret
tily decorated for ~ the occasion.- • and
the table was adorned with red berries
and ferns. Many toasts were respond
ed to during the evening. Those pres
ent were: ,• 9 •
Hen. Duncan E. McKrnlay, J. FV Ku^aizi.
tton. Judson C. Brusie. Hon. g. H." Olmsted.
Hon. C. M. Belshaw, A. W. Foster 8. P
Moorhead. E. B. Martinelll.' W. P. Taylor.
Thomas H. Boyd. Judge T. J. Letuion, W* S.
Dreypolcher, Ira Parks, Jamc s Watson Mar
shall P. Woodworth, E. J. • Cbnnell Joha
Sheehy. A. Arblnl. J. WV v Cochrane. M jr.
Cf/Chrane. James H. Wllklns.' James W. Keys]
William Barr. C. E. Fredericks, E. Block. l>.
H. Herefleld. Robert E. Graham. E. B. Wade.
H. W. France. W.~<3. Gardener. E. W. Mc-
Carthy. O. Almazia. E. - Patrlzl. David . Dun
can. Armand Decourtleux. James 8. Hawkins,
W. J. Martin. L* C. Plstolesl. V. ' J. B. Cheda
R. W. John*on. Arthur E. Scott.
Issues Requisition Papers for Letcher.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 8. — Governor
Pardee. actingr upon an opinion from
the Attorney General that -George E.
Letcher of San Jose Is a fugitive from
justice, issued requisition papers for
his removal to Ohio to stand trial on
a charge of arson. Letcher will make
a habeas corpus fight In California
courts._: ADVEKTISEaiEXTS. ■-"■ = ' t
I 12th, our magnificent new
establishment on Ellis
street, near Market, will
be opened, revealing the
best productions, in Fur-
niture, Carpets, Draper-
ies and Wall Papers. ** **
******
j Your inspection is cordially invited.
JosJYedericks &g.
34-5O ELLIS ST.
•NEAR MARKET-
GOLDEN JUBILEE
IS CELEBRATED
The Golden Jubilee Feast of the def
inition of the dogma of the Immaculate
conception was observed in all the
Catholic churches in this city yester
day morning.
At St. Mary's Cathedral the celebrant
of the pontifical high mass was Arch
bishop Montgomery and the Very Rev.
J. J. Prcndergast was assistant priest.
Rpv. Father J. B.-Hannigan was dea
con, the Rer. Father Charles A. Ramm
_ADVERTISE31ENTS.
|l Brand M
H Evaporated M
|| Orean* M
WqA because it is most concentrated; bS^
eBB because richest in cream; * jjgjf
H?i because mest skillfully K*3»
te*3 -" purity 13 guaranteed R&9
WJ under forfeit cf $5,0X to |g£
K^$ anyone able to prove Jigi
any adulteration in our £<£»&
ForCIni&tmas
that
Itself"
PRESS
THE PERFECT FOUNTAIN PEN—
F*«"l« fr«»e]y: fill* ■without soiling the
finger*: always r^aijy: do-s not sweat nor
drip. Pricff. V3.OO to 95.OO.
Waterrrari 1 * Id'.al Fountain Pen. from
$2J*o ur.
Don't fail lo w* our choice selection of
HOI-IDAT KKATHEU GOODS Jn Pur«es,
XVeiiet*. Card Case*. Shopping Big*.
P**gy Ea^R snd Diaries for 1903. all at
out urual low prlr***.
CHOPPING BAGS jr. all stylish leathers
cilr.r* and terture*. at pricey from JM»c to
«IO.O«». P*ggy Ears from 25c up. Full
Un» of Christmas Card* at popular prices.
Mail order* r>ro:np:!y filled.
THAT MAN PITTS
F. TV. PITTS. tb» Stationer.
1008 MARKET ST.. opp. Fifth, S. T.
Prescriptions 34,406 and 7.
GUABAE TEED CURE FOB MEN,
HARMLESS INJECTION. Cures ordinary
cases in a few days. Warranted to cure
worst cases. JSO OTHEB TBEATKEBTT
KEQPIKEP. Prevents and Cures Stric-
tures. PREVENTS CONTAGION. Harm-
less. $2.00 for both bottles. For sale only
T. S. ZELLTS PHARMACY. 102 Eddy.
-4% I I A I A| " A trrr.unlCon, Huntlnp and
IlE Rjl* Spcrtln* Goods. L*rre»t
I or E 3 t\i * lcick - LcB « t prices. Send
Oi B\Jb1 for catalcrve.
5»5 ** I W FHRKVE & BARBER CO.
T» - Market at. and • 521
Ke*rny at.
subdeacon and the Rev. Father J. J.
Cantwell was master of ceremonies.
Archbishop Riordan, attended by the
Very Rev. Father F. V. Nugent, C. M.,
and the Rev. Father E. P. Dempsey,
deacons of honor, was present in the
sanctuary.
The sermon was preached by the Rev.
M. H. Morris, C. M. He dwelt upon
the virtues of the blessed Virgin Mary,
prefacing his remarks with an exhorta
tion that as to-day they will celebrate
a solemn requiem mass for the dead, it
behooved them to give attention to the
needs of their departed brethren.
Father Morris addressed himself to
the young women who would follc-w the
Virgin Mary's example and who would
take themselves from the world's temp
tations, against which they would be
fortified that they might resist them in
the evi'- hour.
Saying that humility is not the spirit
of thte age. Father Morris said that
young women would-be the greater la
dies not by following society but by
emulating the holy mother.
The evening was devoted to vesper
service and the solemn benediction of
the blessed sacrament. Members were
received into the Sodality of the Im
maculate Conception and made the act
of consecration. .
The music consisted of Mozart's' first
mass and Haydn's third mass and the
offertory was the Ave Maria by Loretz.
The quartet was composed of: Miss V.
Hickey, sc-prano; Miss J. Sullivan, con
tralto; G. Keane, tenor, and S. J.
Sandy, bass. R. J. Harrison was the
organist.
St. Ignatius Church was beautifully
decorated. The Very Rev. P. J. Fried
en, "S. J., was celebrant of the mass;
deacon. Father Francis; subdeacon,
Frederick Ruppert, and master of cere
monies. J. J. Laherty.
The sermon was delivered by the Rev.
Father D. Mahony, who illustrated the
life of Judith and spoke of her great
ness and of what she had accomplished
for her people, but, she said, there
was one woman greater by far who tri
umphed over the enemy of the human
race by reason of her immaculate con
ception and this was the blessed Virgin
Mary. There was an impressive serv
ice in the evening.
The celebration was observed at St-
Mary"s (Paulist) at 11 o'clock in the
morning. The Rev. Father M. P. Smith.
C. S. P., celebrated solemn high mass
with the Rev. Father H. I. Stark as
deacon and the Rev. M. J. Carey sub
deacon In the evening there were sol
emn vespers and benediction of the
blessed sacrament and an appropriate
sermon on the Immaculate Conception
was preached by Father Smith.
At St. Dominic's Church there was
solemn high mass, the Rev. Father P.
C. Clancey celebrant, with the Rev.
Father S. P. Driscoll deacon and the
Rev. Father J. C. Corcoran subdeacon.
In the evening there was the recitation
of the rosary and benediction by the
Rev. Father F. S. Welch.
SPEAK OX EVANGELISM
Prominent Men in Methodist Church
Deliver Addresses on Revivals.
All-day services in the interest of
aggressive evangelism were held yes
terday in Grace Methodist Episcopal
Church, Twenty-first and Capp streets,
Dr. Francis M. Larkin, pastor. The
services were under the auspices o.
the Methodist Preachers' Association
of San Francisco and the Epworth
League Alliance. Dr. W. S.- Matthew,
presiding elder, was in the chair. Ad
dresses were delivered as follows:
"Revivalism in History." by the Rev.
E. R. Willis, D. D.; "Personal Work
in Revivals," the Rev. George A.
Hough; •"Hindrances to Revivals." the
Rev. Francis M. Larkin, Ph. D.; "Con
tinuous Evangelism." Rev. Carl War
ner, and "Prayer and Revivals," Rev.
George W. White, D. D.
Every seat in the church was occu
pied at the evening service, which was
devoted to prayer and singing, the
musical portion of the service being
very beautiful. The singers were Miss
Susie Ward, Miss Emma Robinson,
Miss Southard and Messrs. Palmer
and Dorrs. T. K. Wittich presided at
the organ. M. L. Waltz, Dr. George
W. White, George M. Hench, Dr. W.
S. Matthew and the Rev. A. C. Bane
led the x exercises. Deep regret . was
expressed at the absence of Bishop
Hamilton, who had hoped to return
from the East In time, to preside at
the gathering.
DR. RADER ON PREACHING.
Tlianks God for the Depletion of.Un
necssary Theological Jjassaefi.
The sixth annual meeting of the San
Francisco Association of Congrega
tional Churches and Ministers was
held yesterday at Bethany Church,
Bartlett street, near . Twenty-fifth.
"Changes in Congregationalism in
England and America" was the sub
ject treated by the Rev. William Ra
der, pastor of the -Third Congrega
tional Church.
Dr. Rader said the Congregrational
ism of England and America was de
veloping into denominational unity, as
evidenced in a more"compact form of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY: DECEMBER !), l!»04.
FINDS IT EASY
TO GET MONET
Charles Colin, a Youth, Con
fesses to Stealing Let
ters Containing Checks
PAYEES' NAMES" FOKG El)
Visits Rooming Houses and
Offices for About Three
Months Without Detection
Charles Cohn, 20 years of age, was
arrested yesterday afternoon by Detec
tive S. Bunner and locked up in the
City Prison on a charge of forgery.
Complaints had been made to the po
lice that letters containing checks were
stolen from lodclnff-houses and offices
and theuchecks cashed with the sig
natures of the payees forged.
Detective Bunner arrested Cohn just
as he had stolen a letter from the of
fice of Dr. 'J. L. Coburn. 1141 Market
street. A check was found in his pocket
when searched by Bunner. About six
weeks ago Cohn stole a letter contain
ing a check for $150 from Archie Levy's
booking agency and cashed the check.
Two weeks ago he stole a letter con
taining a check for $25 from R. L.
Brown's room in a lodging-house at
Market and Eighth streets, and got the
money on this check also.
Cohn was not particular as to what
the letters contained. He admitted
when questioned at police headquarters
that he stole them just for what he
could find in them. He had been doing
that work for three months, and dur
ing that time he had stolen about 100
letters.
Cohn lived with his sister at 521 Ivy
avenue. He had been employed by the
Standard Shirt "Company, but says he
was discharged because he was ac
cused of having stolen some jewelry
from other employes. He made a full
confession of the letter stealing and
forgery, his only excuse being that he
found it an easy way to keep himself
in funds.
RARE TREAT IN STORE
AT THE BENEFIT SHOW
Owing to Length of Programme Cur
tain Will Be Raised at
1 O'clock.
The best of the theatrical talent in
the city will make up an unparalleled
programme for the benefit perform
ance at 'the Orpheum thl~ afternoon
under the auspices of the Associated
Theatrical Managers. A big house is
assured and to-day's show promises
to surpass all those of the past.
• The William H. West jubilee min
strels will open the performance and
the best entertainers in the city will
follow, there being sixteen numbers in
all. James Edward Britt is scehduied
for a stunt as monologist. The Tiv
oli will send its sextet, and Sam El
ton, Williams and Walker, Mary Shaw
and others who are helping to draw
crowded houses will take part. The
performance will be a rare treat and
its cause is worthy.
The programme will be long and
the curtain will be raised at 1 o'clock.
Death of a Former Councilman.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 8. — Reuben Bur
dett, who came to California in 1853
and who had served San Jose as
Street Commissioner and Councilman,
died last evening. In the early days
he supplied San Francisco with water,
distributing it in barrels.
Californians in Washington.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 8 — Hotel
arrivals: At the Hamilton — William
Miles of Los Angeles; at the Capitol —
Thomas B. O'Brien of San Francisco.
TOUR PRINTING OX TIME.— Gabriel Print
ing Co. print anything. 419 Sacramento st. •
organization and in solidarity of aim.
The religious work abroad, he said,
was characterized by a vigorous de
nominational press and advanced
evangelism. .
"Thank the Lord," said Dr. Rader,
"we have rid ourselves of much un
necessary theological luggage and are
getting down to hard facts in preach
ing."
Among other speakers were the
Rev. Dr. W. C. Pond, S. R. Yarrow,
Charles M. Bufford and the Rev. Dr.
Meserve. The Rev. Mr. Earl, modera
tor, presided at the afternoon and
evening sessions.
1SE3IEXTS -
1. nor, iet's get acquainted. Ic wilt pay you big. Our /££«£&,
immense establishment holds one of the largest stocks
in the country — everything that men and boys . "f^^^^p
wear can be bought here. And the difference between
our prices and those charged by the extravagant stores
over in the high rent district "will make your pocket-
Are just like thf suits the Kearny and Market street • /^llPl^^^^^
dealers with the big rents and huge expenses are brag- $3 ■ W^^^^P^
ging about at $15.(30 — even the most inexperienced ff
buyer can. see that at a glance.
Our $8.50 Overcoats.... . WSS&
Blcck or Oxford Gray
Are another striking example of the better values that mll^H
o'ur Bis Business and Little Rent combination creates Mf^Bl'
for our customers. They are made in the loose, swag- , 'MlS^^
ger style that is so popular this season, and have big, ilfiilii
broad shoulders and long, sweeping skirts, $12 50 is Sfll§lif
the price in every other store in town. Milllil
And so it goes from one end of our store to the other — Wlllllf
our every price is lowest. Come — get to know us. It ' IlPill
FRANK BROS. M.
The Great* Big Store with the Little Rent* Jffir
Cor. Kearny and Sacramento Streets 1
RICH ACTRESS
RETURNING TO
THE CALIFORNIA
POPULAR AND SUCCESSFUL AC
TRESS WHO WILL OPEN* AT THE
CALIFORNIA NEXT SUNDAY.
The coming of the well-known Amer
ican comedienne, Rose Melville, to the
California Theaters on Sunday- night in
her original character creation of "Sis
Plopkins" brings tonptlce, the remark
able success achieved by this brilliant
young actress during her comparative
ly brief career on the stage. During
the six years she has been before the
American public in her unique char
acter of "Sis Hopkins,", Miss Melville
has accumulated a fortune estimated
between a quarter of a million and
three hundred thousand " dollars. It
would be impossible for local theater
goers to imagine the immense popular
ity this charming actress enjoys
throughout the East. She presented
"Sis" for five consecutive years in the
East before making her first Pacific
Coast, tour and during that time she
never knew what it was to play to an
empty seat On the occasion of her
first appearance in this city last fall
Miss Melville succeeded in packing the
California Theater at every perform
ance, including an extra matinee.
CANADA TO BUILD MINT
TO HANDLE YUKON GOLD
Dominion Will .Coin Bullion at Ot-
tnwn That Now Comes to
San Francisco.
OTTAWA, Ontario, Dec. 8. — The
Dominion Government will erect a
$200,000 mint here, which will be
equipped, manned and in operation
within a year. The establishment of
the mint means that the $15,000,000
or $20,000,000 worth of gold produced
in the Yukon each year will be coined
in Ottawa instead of going to San
Francisco.
The mint is a concession to national
sentiment, which believes that the
time has arrived when Canada should
coin; all her own currency. Copper,
silver and $2 50, $5 and $10 gold
pieces, will be made. It will be called
the Royal Canadian Mint.
TWO NEW STARS
FOR "OLD GLORY"
Statehood Is Assured Ari
zona, . New Mexico, Okla
homa and Indian Territory
HOUSE BILL TO PASS
Little Opposition to the
Measure Merging and
Admitting the Territories
Special Dispatch to The CalL
CALL BUREAU. HOTTCL, BARTOX,
WASHINGTON, Dec. 8.— It devoleped
to-day that by the- time Congress ad
journs on March 4 there will be two
ne\y States' jn the Union and forty
seven stars in the American flag.
■ The statehood-bill providing for the
admission of the Territories of Arizona,
New Mexico, Oklahoma and Indian
Territory as two States, which passed
the House of Representatives last
spring, Is now in the hands of the Com
mittee on Territories. . This committee
w.ill sit on Saturday for the. purpose
cf taking up the House bill, and Sen
ator Beveridge, chairman of the com
mittee, said: to-day that he believed
the blil would be perfected within a
week. The bill has already been ap
proved by the' Senate Steering Com
mittee and has been recommended to
be,< made, the order of unfinished busi
ness. . ' • •
There is no organized opposition to
the measure, as- there was when Sen
ator Quay desired New ' Mexico and
Arizona to be admitted as separate
States, and several leading Democrats
are in favor of the bill.
XO SPRING SESSION'.
Tariff Revision Not to Be Taken Up
Before Next Autumn.
• WASHINGTON, Dec. 8. — President
Roosevelt is conferring daily with
members of both the Senate and
House of Representatives on the sub
ject of tariff revision and how the
work shall be accomplished. He has
found that strong oposition exists to
consideration of the subject by Con
gress; at an extraordinary session to
be held next spring and it can be raid
that the idea of calling an extraordi
nary session has been abandoned. ..It
is understood now that if revision
should be decided upon an extraord
inary session will be called to meet
next autumn.
ATTACK ON CIVIL SERVICE.
House 3Iembers Bitterly Arraign the
Commission
WASHINGTON, Dec. 8. — The an
nual fight on the Civil Service Com
mission was begun in the House to
day, during consideration of the leg
islative appropriation bill. The op
position came jfrom Bartlett of Geor
gia, Hepburn -of Iowa and Grosvenor
of Ohio. Hepburn moved to strike out
the entire appropriation for the com
mission and its force of clerks, at the
same time denouncing the civil service
as not having improved since the days
of the spoils system, but, on the con
trary, as growing less and less ef
ficient.
CRUM CASE COMES UP.
Tlllman Asks for Report on the Ne
gro's Present Status.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 8.— The Sen
ate held only a short session to-day
and adjourned until Monday. An at
tempt to secure consideration of the
pure food bill was defeated by a de
mand of Aldrich. that the bill be read
at length, which brought an objection
from Tillman, who did not want the
time consumed.
Tillman brought the case of Wil
liam D. Crum, the colored man nom
inated for Collector at Charleston, S.
C, into prominence by asking for a
report ..from the Committee on Judi
ciary as to the status- of recess ap
pointments.
Wants Trespassing Stock, Sold.
•WASHINGTON, Dec. 8. — Secretary
Hitchcock in a communication recom
mends an amendment to the law rela
tive to stock trespassing on Indian res
ervations so as to provide for the seiz
ure and sale of such stock.
PAPS MEDICAL KXAMINATION.— Out of
ninety-eight applicants for the civil service
examination for truckmen In the Fire Depart
ment seventy passed the medical examination
yesterday. ■ • "\ .
Friday Surprise No.22
Prices for To- Day Only.
Liquor Specials There will be
( Fourth Floor) ..-, ... r* * »»
Cir«talli*ed Bock and By»— Rock "OOmetnillg VOlTig
Candy and pure Rye Whiskey.
WW»k«y— Old ' McBrayer: matured' 6
oMH^Lfdsfo^^i.^^. This Morning and Sot-
•v. wniiams; bottle 05c nrdav Morninff '
Old Jam»ica Bnm — "American UTaay FlOming
Dock"; gal. 82.7JS: bot. ... .7»c From 8:30 until noon; thereafter
Boiled Cider — For puddings, mince nn .:i * th _ P l os j n £r hour the
, meat; quarts; bottle ;jt) c until tne closing nour me
rine Apple Cidei^-Eastern; Greg- « s ."^ shopping inducements
ory's best; gallon , .43c will prevail.
Practical Gas Heating Stove With Tubing Complete
<^Pfc£»q^) This wonderful little stove \% complete with 8 feet
gjSTKEW of eas tubing and ready for immediate use. It
jnpj X *f| has a polished steei drum 7 inches in diameter
Eg ij, SXjj and stands 22 inches high. It has a fine, 5tron;j.
|||i i§§f;i castiron base, too and urn. an 8-prong "Star"
|| ■ g|J burner, a brass nickel-plated ho*e cock, and ii
M : Jjl'ij ventilated too and bottom, and is ju*t the thin?
gn;£J^5. : to take the chill off your living tf*«rf m
C§ it ®K§i" l '~ room these cold, snappy morn- "^f A
J$&***&£ ings. It is worth $2.50. Friday S^aJl^
S^— Surprise Sale m>m+*
Specials in Staple Linings $6.50 California Blankets
(Main Floor) $3.98
The prices on these lines have „, (Main Floor)
been reduced specially for this These Blankets are made of pure
. Friday Surprise Sale, and will Cahtorma wool: are 2 varda
be in order to-day only- wide and 82 inches long, and
»*. - • -j ci,-,* t •„•„„ ,< are °* that heavy* thick quality
Mercerized Skirt Limn* -36 that se , I$ r larly at j^.
inches wide: black only *]„ Wc have onl a lim j tcd num . ,
regularly 12c yard; special fW of these blankcts and we •
Spun Glass — 36 inches wide; ' will therefore sell but one to
black and all colors; ourregu- each customer. Ourrf«^ f\O
lar 15c grade, reduced -I *} n Friday Surprised \ UX
to l£C price is »+»v« /w
$ 1 .25 Women's Dressing Sacques Turn Over
69c Collars
(Second Floor) (Maln
To-day we will place on dflf^L „, , . . .
special sale two styles of && Women s d ,^ ntv tu ™;
women's dressing sacques; ™\ n c °"*™
one style is bade of fine V# f rc so ? oouI " for
all-wool ripple eiderdown >A)l>v I?** <>/ " b * )on i;
and has an embroidered \/C \ \ £ "Iff pf
other -style Ms made of- SsvMfiA J c 9 £
beautiful Persian German JfoS^fij <»ay Surprise, fo
flannel, and .the yoke, col- /§£? '
lar and cuff are trimmed . |«a'' <i x i£/ """""
with velvet ribbon. There * We suggest that
are all sizes and beautiful colorings. £T\ small packages be
They will be on special sale at thisQwQ taken home with
price only to-day you.
Toilet . Boys' Hats
Specials W%^,^^^^W T^da^we
(Main Floor) jjj ~« JT^M jrfff tTMTMT * ive VOU
Tooth Brushes H|t& \ *\W% \ /V* your choice
white bm- fH AiAvanrji heuaulb our $1.00. "
ties, reduced W MADKFTj^minMFGl %T*T $*-3S and
from 25c to V MAJ<n£T4»&UN£d OJOi -$t.«;o Boys'
15c , Hats in our
S ozodont— In entire stock
paste, liquid The Largest Department at the very
or powder. '«♦«•«> in thi* Wee* Iow price oi
Special 1 re. otore in tne west*. 8oc
UNITED STATES BRANCH
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
PHCENIX
. ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF LONDON, LIMITED.
ON the 31st day of December. A. D. 1903.
and for the year ending on that day. as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of Sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks „.„,.„
and Bonds owned by Company. -f2.4DO.9tO CO
Cash in Company's Office^ £- U| 44
Cash In Banks .t 30G.SU> 3J
Interest due and accrued on all __,„_„
Stocks and . Loans S2.1C5 00
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 13i,210 03
Due from other Companies for re-
insurance on losses already paid. 2,e4S 15
Total Assets .»2.978.9U 95
LIABILITIES.
| Losses adjusted and .unpaid $66,451 00
Losses In process of Adjustment or '_■•... _V
j in Suspense 1 S"522 !S
Losses resisted, including expenses 22,9.9 W
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $1,945.- „„„„.,
432 10; reinsurance 50 per cent. 9i2.716 04
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $1,6S7,-
24« 10; reinsurance pro- rata 85.S.R95 It
Reinsurance Premiums 41.814 23
All other Liabilities 3.404 60
Total Liabilities .$2.118.4a 02
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire _
premiums • $2,470,151 74
Received for Interest and dividends •;.
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and
- from all other sources 81,804 85
Profit on sale of Ledger Assets... 18,817 45
Total Income .$2.568.806 04
EXPENDITURES. ~~
Net amount Da Id for Fire Loose*
. (including $475,028 05. losses of
previous years) - $1,463,334 48
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 492,630 02
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for. of fleers, clerks, etc. 166,373 81
Patd for State. National and Local
taxes 74,406 52
All other . payments and expendl-
. - tures 372.733 79
Tctal Expenditures $2,571,434 50
Fire. ~
L. t«»g Incurred . during the year... $1.335.163
RUks and Premiums.! Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
•i written durlnr the
/year . ; $306,881,487 $3.SS5.1S3 07
Net amount of Risks
• expired during the
(year ......; 415.347,014 4,212.318 33
j Net amount In force
December 31. 1903. 312.9J1.44S 2.632.078 20
A. D. IRVING. United Stat?s Manager.
' Subscribed and sworn - to before me. this
2Cth day of January. 1904.
GEO. O. RUGER. Notary Public
' PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.
200 PINE ST., - - San' Francisco, Cal.
W. IRVING, General Agent.
R. GALLE60S, Asst. General /gjnt.
; ALBERT M. BENDER. City Agent.
[317 California St., San Francisco. Cal.
Weekly ' Call, $1.00 per Year
STATEMENT
OF THE——
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OP THE
PELICAN ASSURANCE
COMPANY
(\ F NEW YORK. IX THE STATE OF NEW
v York, on the 31»t day of December. A. D.
1903. and for the year ending on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of th<»
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Cod*,
cond-nsed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
*a «**!» 1200.000 00
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. .1437. 609 35
Cash tn Banks 18.228 35
Interest due and accrued on all
Slocks and Loans 4,051 35
Premiums In dua Course of CoM«c-^- ■
tlo n 23,400 la
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid.. 2 7:
Total Assets J4S3.329 7<»
LIABILITIES. *
Losses adjusted and unpaid $ 6,10100
Losses In Drocess of Adjustment or
In Suspense 1T.S30 «
losses resisted^ Including expenses. . 300 d>
Groes Premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning on* year or less. $232,967 10;
reinsurance 60 per cert 116. 4S3 U
Grcss Premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. J'iT.-
311 53: reinsurance pro rata 34 43* 43
All other Liabilities 9.36a 25
Total Liabilities f2Ot,642 61
INCOME.
Nrt cash actually rectlved for Fir*
Premiums I269.SSC 02
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from
all other source* 12.744 34
Total Income I2S2.33O 35
EX PENTHTURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including I23.88S 17. losses of
previous years) $110.327 31
Paid Cf allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 72.465 47
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 24.733 37
Paid for State. National and Local -
Taxes 7> 71
All other payments and expenditures 14.034 01
Total Exp«n<imire» * 2 S*1?J!2
Losses incurred dnrinr th« year $113,704 01
Rlftks and Premiums. \ Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $34,924,573 $403.900 07
Net amount of Risks
expired durins the
year . . T. ......... 20.732.21S 333. 85S «
Net amount in force
' December 31. 19C3? 31.gM.85g 330.279 65
\ D. IRVING. President.
LOL'IS P. BAYARD. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before m«. this
27th Jay cf January. 190*.
GEO. O. RUGER. Notary Public
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTHENT.
200 PINE STREET,
SA> FHAXCISCO, CAL.
W.'IRVIHG, General Agent
h>GHLEG]3, Assistant General Agent.
78
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHX D. SPKECKELS • Proprietor
ADDRESS ALL COMMUNICATIONS TO
JOHN McXAUGHT ••_• - • • •_• • • • • • vvf^M.^.' '.'iMfcnagef
PUBLICATION OFFICE THIRD AND MARKET STREETS, 8AN FRANCISCO
FRIDAY DECEMBER 9, 1904
IRRIGATION AND FORESTRY.
THE JYesident has treated the questions of irrigation and foresi
reserve in a manner that must carry a full measure of satisfac
tion throughout the West. His message recognizes that these
problems are not only vital to this section, but to the country at
large, and that their solution presses no less heavily upon the Federal
Government than upon the State. That the reclamation act, which
has been in force for only two and a half years, should already be
productive of extensive construction work is sufficient evidence of
executive vigor, and justifies an unbounded hopefulness for the
future. «•."'■ ■
Irrigation means population, it means prosperous and happy
homes, and it means the utilization by the people of the vast natural
wealth which lies beneath their feet, and which can only be made
available by water. Small wonder that California is in earnest upon
this matter, that she is tired of half measures or of no measures
at all. and that she welcomes the energy and the ability' which
promise to set jaX rest the vexed question of so many years. Prob
lems which involve interstate interests of such magnitude appeal to
the Federal authorities for solution, inasmuch as they alone have
the requisite power of equitable adjustment, and the necessary ma-j
chincry and credit to carry it into effect. Running waters are as
important to the West as is the land itself, and the greater the
extent to which they can be removed from the reach of private
ownership and financial speculation the better it will be for the
State and for the Coast. —j
So far as the forest reserves are concerned, they are insep
arably connected with the irrigation problem, and the President
speaks well when he says that the forest policy of the Government
is a subject of vivid public interest throughout the West. His words
exactly express the situation. Without forests there will be no
water, and inasmuch as by water California lives and moves and
has her being, her people naturally watch with keen anxiety every
factor which makes for or against, not only her prosperity, but her
very existence. Here again an equitable adjustment must rest with
the Federal authorities alone. The forests are sufficient, abundantly
sufficient, not only to fulfill their primary mission as water preservers,
but also to supply the legitimate needs of the lumber industries. With
the wise provision which the President advocates they can be made
efficient for both these functions. The forests can be used without
being destroyed, and their many sided beneficence can be made
permanent.
The creation of a forest service in the Department of Agriculture
must forcibly appeal to the ordinary commercial instincts of the
nation. It is an application of the same principle of responsible and
undivided control which is to be found in every business concern.
The United States is, it seems, the only great nation in which forest
organization is not concentrated under one control, and the Presi
dent is justified in saying that the present arrangement is bad from
every point of view, and that it should be terminated without delay.
His warm advocacy of a centralized forest service in the Agricul
tural Department, with its expert knowledge, its stored up and de
tailed information, and its staff of trained and capable men, ought
certainly to receive the support, and the outspoken support, of Cali
fornia, i ;
x THE SUGAR BEET IN COLUSA.
THE Colusa Sun in an appreciation of The Call's friendship to
sugar beet culture in that county as an important factor in the
needed and deserved development of the great Sacramento Val
ley explains the delay in the business. It seems there is difficulty
in getting the farmers to raise the beets. The Sun says that in the
agreement required by the men who put in the mill it is stipulated
that the contracting farmers shall cultivate the beets precisely as
an overseer, named by the factory owners, shall direct.
The Sun in comment says: "Now the American farmer is the
last man to give up independent action. Pretty much everybody else
becomes used to it. In beet districts our farmers are told the su
perintendent is usually a man direct from Germany, where author
ity is more pronounced than in this country, and the farmers do not
like to have such a one putting on importance over them and di
recting them what to do on their own premises."
The cultivation of the sugar beet is a specialty. It has to be
done in just the way shown by experience to produce the highest
percentage of saccharine, because the farmer is. paid by the sugar
content of his crop and not by the weight of vegetables he produces.
The beet gains or loses sugar according as it is handled. After it
has received its sugar content it may lose it by mistakes in handling.
Germany is the center of the sugar beet industry. It has been
followed there so long that everything affecting it is known by long
experience. While we do not know about the facts in the Colusa
case, it would be natural that a German from the beet fields of his
own country should be able to give the Colusa farmers the infor
mation they need to make the industry profitable to them. Ameri
cans soon know as much as any people can know about this busi
ness, but it cannot be carried on by hap and by hazard. In every
place in this State where the industry flourishes it has" been in
troduced and made successful by the same method that is found
offensive in Colusa County.
It must be remembered that it is a great change from the
raising of wheat, one of the primitive branches of agriculture, to the
raising of beets that must be treated as laboratories for the ex
traction of sugar from the soil'and air and holding it until it can be
extracted from them and milled for use. Beet raising is intensive
farming. It is scientific to the last degree. Its introduction any
where is a loud call to all farmers to be mindful that their vocation
has ceased to be carried on by rule of thumb, and has become a
scientific specialty of a high prder. If the farmers of other parts
of California and of Utah and Idaho have found the instruction
of a beet sugar superintendent compatible with their self-respect and
independence, the progress of the Sacramento Valley should not be
retarded by such a trivial cause.
The Sun assures us that Colusa wilt get around all these crooks
and turns, and we hope this is so. The revolting farmers propose
to make a beet growing corporation, much as the first fruit union
was organized, with stock and acreage going together. This cor
poration, being impersonal, is expected to submit cheerfully toShe
tutelage of the overseer.
This plan, it is supposed, will visit all the humiliation of being
dictated to upon the artificial person, the corporation which has no
personal pride nor self-respect, and the sugar beet industry will be
started next year. Whatever plan is adopted to save anybody's face
and feelings in the matter, we are persuaded that in a brief time
the initial difficulties will be forgotten and the example of successful
and profitable sugar growing in Colusa will be followed in other
parts of the Sacramento Valley. What can be done by enterprise and
effort is now on exhibition in Chico. Always a beautiful town, in a
fertile region, it has lately felt the inspiration of enterprise and is
going forward so rapidly that some of the old settlers find it diffi
cult to keep up. -1 '
With a chain of enterprises, founded by capital, requiring the
large employment of labor and forcing a diversification of crops,
which shall extend down the valley, doing for Colusa and. Marysville
what has been done for Chico, the great valley will come to its own,
and its people will wax in numbers and wealth. So let not the
Colusa farmers be too stiff-necked. .
Just before sailing for England James Bryce. publicly bore testimony
to the intelligence and sobriety of the' foreign voter in the United States. John
Morley, after spending a few hours in the Chicago election booths, was
dmilarly impressed. The mere intricacies of the ballot, he. said, would seri
ously tax the average English elector. These opinions are valuable at a time
when our foreign-born population is coming in for a good deal of criticism.
New York Evening Post.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY; DECEMBER 9, 1904:
AT THE VOYAGE END
BY GRANT OWEN~
-^ ORBIX stood by the rail eager
/7j ly watching the thin blue lines
\T^ on the western "horizon and
thankful In his heart of- hearts
. that in a few hours he would be
on American soft.
The two months he had spent trot
ting about th'e Continent had been ut
terly waited. Instead of allaying the
old, dull pain they had intensified it;
for in every gallery and garden and
palace and particularly in the dingy
old cathedrals Polly's face, wistful,
regretful, but firm, had obtruded it
self upon his vision. He could not
help comparing those happy days
when he had followed her over all
Europe and their Jolly, frank com
panionship had been the bright spot
of his life, with his present condition
of lonely boredom.
As he stood disconsolate by the
rail he fully realized that the trip,
which he had hoped might result in
at~ least partial forgetfulness, had
been a dismal failure. He -was glad
it was at an end. \ '
He turned from the rail with the
intention of seeking the seclusion of
the smoking-room. As he made his
way along the deck, his mind still
occupied with disquieting thoughts,
he awkwardly bumped against the
footrest of an isolated steamer chair.
He lifted his cap and turned to of
fer abject apologies to .the occupant
of the chair, but instead of speaking
he stood quite still, staring in amaze
ment. When he did speak it was a
f-ingrle word into which was crowded
ji whole gamut of emotions:
"Polly!"
The girl sprang froin the chair.
"John!" she cried in a tojje that
matched his own.
Corbin leaned against the rail and
continued to stare at her as if he
could not credit his eyes.
"Great Scott!" he said, running his
hands through his hair and smiling
foolishly.
"Well, you're the last person I ex
pected to meet," said she.
Corbin groaned.
"And I've missed six whole days of
your society," he complained. "Tell
me, how does it happen I have not
seen you before?"
Th giri' laughed.
"Mamma is none too good a sailor,
you know, and this has been a rather
hard passage," she explained. "I've
been lookihg after her the greater part
of the time."
Corbin turned his eyes and looked
thoughtfully at the thin blue line of
the horizon.
• "We'll be docked in five hours," he
said. "May I claim those five hours
of your time?"
"Yes," she said readily. "Shall we
stay here?" .
"Now," said Corbin, when he had
brought another chair and they had
sat down together, "tell me about your
summer campaign?"
"Oh"— 7She shrugged her shoul
ders) — "the usual thing — a month in
town and then the usual round of
stupid country places."
"With . dukes and earls dancing a
lively .attendance?" he supplemented.
"Letls not talk of them," she said
quickly. "I am tired to death of titles,
and — dori't" tell mamma, will you? — I'm
glad to get home — foolishly and pathet
ically glad.' Have you been across on
business?" she asked.
"No," he said shortly. "I thought I
went on pleasure."
"Didn't you find the pleasure?" she
said.
"Not exactly," said he. "Very prob
ably I. chose an unfortunate itinerary.
You see, I went to the cathedral at
Cologne again and to that little coffee
house in Antwerp, and I did the gal
leries rat Brussels. It was very un
wise. There were ghosts of too many
hsppy days hanging about. Then I
went to Venice, and the pigeons at St.
Mark's put the finishing touches to my
misery. -I fed the little beggars one
morning — do you remember that other
morning at St. Mark's?"
"Yes," she said, looking across the
sparkling.' water. \ ■
"That was living," he said. "And the
day we lost your mother in Naples— do
you recall it?"
She nodded.
"Oh, well," he said resignedly^ "it's
HER FIRST RACE MEETING
Old Lady— Oh, Adolphus. what a dear, sweet little jockey boy! Where's
your purse? Let me give the little dear a penny.";;," *x
(Disgust of Canter.'the famous jock, -who is a married man Tv^th' a large
family and a corresponding income.)— From Punch.
something to have the memory of
those days, anyway."
The girl turned her head slowly.
"So I have discovered," she said.
"Do you ever think of them?" he
asked eagerly. V, V
"Sometimes., For mamma's sake, you
know, I wish I didn't thinK of them so
much," she said.
"They were high old days," he ob
served.
"Weren't they?" she said, Just a hint
of wlstfulness i-> her voice.
: Corbin looked at her searchlngly.
Was she sincere or merely sympathetic?
"I wish that one of two things had
\VJien lie did speak it was a sin
gle word — "Polly."
happened," he said impatiently. I
wish we had never found your mother
in Naples that day, or that I had been
born to a title."
"I'm glad that you haven't a title,"
she said.
Corbin sat up suddenly.
"Honestly?" he' asked. *
"Honestly!", she repeated.
"Look here," he said, "if it wasn't for
your mother's ambitions — "
He stooped, hesitated, then reached
over and took her hand.
.. "Polly, dear," he said softly, "I'm
honestly and sincerely aorry to disap
point your mother."
"So am I, but — but I can't help it,"
she said.
For a moment he was lost in
thought.
"I should have persisted that day at
St. Mark'?, shouldn't I?" he asked.
"If I had known," she laughed, "that
you wouldn't have persisted, you dear,
stupid man— I— I should, never have
said 'no.' " . .... . v^ t . . r , ... , : ...
Corbin rose and held out his hand to
help the girl to her feet. ", -
"I think," he said, "we'd better break
the sad news to your mother while
she's still too weak to lecture us."
(Copyright. 1904. by T. C. McClure.)
Suspected Son of ({ambling.
The latest story going the rounds
about George Ade relates to the time
when he was Just coming into rewards
for his literary efforts somewhat great
er than those he had been accustomed
to as a newspaper man in Chicago. Not
knowing what to do with the consider
able sums of money he was receiving
from the royalties on . his fables and
other writings, he sent part of the in
come to his father in Indiana for in
vestment.
The fenior Ade did not marvel much
at the first remittance, for, he had al
ways considered George a frugal boy
and ciie likely to lay by something for
the moisture. But when thousand-dol
lar drafts began to arrive every two or
three weeks he grew anxious ami in the
end suspicious. .Onoday he could stand
the ."train no longer, so .he packed his
valise and starte 1 lor Chicago, saying
gleomily as he •lepafted:
"Something must be wrong with
George. lie can't be making all this
money honestly. I'm afraid he's gam
bling."
LEETLA HUMPY JEEM
DA 'Merlcan boys eesa vera bad lot,
Dey steal a peanutta. banan',
An' evrathing pooda for eatln' I
>;;'.-: got. : - it:
An* mak' all da troubla dey can.
I gotta he keepln' awak' weeth both eye
An' watch'alla da time for a treeck.
An' gotta be queecka for runnln' an 1 try
To spanka delr pants weetha steeck.
Ees wan ,<>' dees boys dat ee,s ! call
"Humpy Jeem,"
An* Justa wors' wan in da pack.
But how am I gona gat mada weeth
heem?
He gotta da hump on da back. "
Ees only a poor leetla keed an' so weak.
An' I am so beeg an' so strong, 1
I no can gat mad an' I not even speak -
For tal heem how moocha ees wrong.
Eet maka heem laugha baycause eet ees
fun
For reach weeth hees theen leetla nan'
Ah' grabbin' a coupla peanutta an' run
So fas' as hees skeenny legs can.
So always I maka pretend I no see
How moocha peanutta he tak'. *
I guess I would like so in' wan do dat for
me
Eef I gotta hump on da back.
Da beeg Irish cop ees say: "Poor leetla ;
Jeem! . . ;
Ees better for heem if he croke." ,
I tal you eef som'thing no happen to J
j heem ;
I guess pretta soon I be broke. :
I no like to thinkin' bad luck, but O! my! j
I weeshin' for evra one's sak' j
Dey soon gat an angela up in tla sky >
Dat gotta' da hump on da back. !
— T. A. Daly, in Catholic Standard and j
. Times. ' . i
QUACKS IN GERMANY!
In 1902, according to official statistics, j
there were in the whole of Prussia 15,- :
400 doctors and 4104 quacks. The Ger- !
man law makes the practice of the
healing art free to all, although there is j
a penalty for the unauthorized use of [
the title doctor. As a result, quacks j
flourish mightily in a state Justly con- j
sidered in other respects the boly land !
of science.
The evil has become so serious, says
the . New York Globe, that a society
was some time ago formed in Berlin i
for the express purpose of /exposing!
quackery. Under the auspices of this
bedy an exhibition of quackery was
recently held in Breslau, where every
thing pertaining to medical quackery
was exposed — its advertisements, pan
aceas, various methods of treatment,
anti-epidemic masks, universal gastric
juices, bogus electric apparatus, etc.
In the case of one cult the announce
ment was made that during the past
fifteen years its members had collected
from the public" over $3,500,000. One
section of the exhibition was devoted
to methods for suppressing quacks.
RADIUM SUPPLY.
Sir William Ramsay in a recent ad
dress said that few people realize the
great scarcity of the raw material for
yielding radium nor the exceedingly
minute particles used in the experi
ments that have astounded the world.
The Scientific American quotes him as
saying: "It is impossible to say
whither the future supply of raw ma
terial is to come from. 1 believe that
in America, carnotite looks promising
as a basis for it. Cleavite, a mineral
found in Norway, is also looked upon
as a favorable source of supply. That
there is no more than one-tenth of an
ounce of this substance in existence
seems beyond belief at first thought.
But when we remember that radium
is manufactured by a concentration
and crystallizing process, and that it
is only obtained in. the form of salts
which- may contain but a small per
centage of pure radium, this does not
seem so strange, after all- The amount
of radium salts even, ' as yet manu
factured, is very small."
TYPES OF BEGGARS.
Racially the beggar . will belong to
one of three classes; first, the purely
unfortunate; second, the drunken out
cast; third, the professional pan
handler. He of the first class usually
Is forced by circumstance to follow the
line of least resistance into the poorest
and cheapest quarter of the town,
where he wiH not be likely to meet
with his old-time friends, and where
his misery will find sufficient company
to render it unashamed, and so his des
tination will be one of those cheap
lr.dging-houses, where a warm fire and
aii unclean bed may be had for 10 cents
or less a night. The outftist of the
second class is almost without excep
tion brought to his degraded condition
through drink, and he takes to the
lower Bowery impersonally, because it
constitutes his natural environment,
being where the greatest quantity oi
rum Is sold for the least amount or
money, and where a free s'eep may be
had during stormy nights on the rear
room floor of a saloon.
The professional pan-handler of the
third class goes down the Bowery, not
be cause he lives there, for he does not.
but because there he finds sundry re
sorts which 'cater exclusively to his
kind.— "Six Weeks in Beggardom." by-
Theodore Waters in Everybody's Mag
azine for December.
HOME COOKERY.
Mountain Cake.— One cup of sugar,
one-half cup of butter, one-half cup of
milk, two cups of flour, two eggs, one
half teaspoon soda,. one teaspoon cream
of tartar. A good layer cake.
Rocky Mountain Cake. — Two cups
sugar,, one-half cup butter, one cup
sweet milk, three cups flour, two tea
spoons baking powder, six eggs, whites.
Bake in three layers.
Fruit Filling.— One fresh cocoanut.
one cup seeded raisins, six large figs',
one-half cup currants, one pound dates!
one-quarter pound citron, one-hall
pound almonds- Grate th'e cocoanut
snd take one-third almonds. and chop
with all the fruit. Mix with a small
part of the cocoanut and spread the
mixture on each layer of cake Use
whole; almonds for decorating the top
end sprinkle plentifully with cocoanut.
Dark and Light Cake.— White part:
Two cups Bugar, one-half large cup
butter, one cup milk, one cup corn
starch, two and a half cups flour, four
eggs (whites), two < teaspoons baking
powder. Brown part: One cup brown
sugar, one-half cup molasses, one-half
butter, heaping, one-half cup cold cof
fee, two and a half, cups flour, one cup
seeded raisins, one cup currants, one
teaspoon cloves, cinnamon, one lea
spoon soda, heaping, four 'eggs, yelks.
Measure with teacup. :
THE SMART SET
BY SALLY SHARP.
Miss Marie Withrow and Miss Eva
Wlthrow held one of their charming
"at homes" on Wednesday evening.
Among the guests were Mrs. H. E.
Huntlngton, Mme. Tucholsky, Mrs.
Brown of London, Mrs. Battles. Miss
Daisy Fickensher, Miss McCune, Mr.
'and Mrs. Jules Mersfelder, Mr. and
Mrs. Arthur Fickensher, Mr. and Mrs.
Cooper, Mr. and Mrs. M. H. Richard
son, Dr. Arnold Genthe, Dr. Redding.
Charles H. Lombard, Signor Ventura,
Xavier Martinez and Maynard Dixon.
Some delightful music was offered dur
ing the evening. Among the numbers
were piano solos by Arthur Fickensher,
and vocal solos by Miss Daisy Ficken
sher and Mrs. Brown, who studied
with Miss Marie Wi throw during the
latter's residence in London.
Colonel and Mrs. Charles H. Blinn
will give a reception this evening at
their home on Post street in honor of
their niece, Miss Sherman of New York.
The wedding of Miss Marie Voorhies
to Captain Haldimand Putnam Young,
which takes place on December 31, will
be a home" affair, the ceremony occur
ring at 4 o'clock, after which there will
be a large reception. The bride will be
attended by Miss Florence Ives as maid
of Honor, and her father. Dr. Voorhies,
will give her away. Captain Young
with his bride will depart almost im
mediately for his station, the Schuyl
kill arsenal, in Philadelphia.
A "bud" party was given yesterday
by Miss Maud Payne, who entertained
at luncheon a dozen of the fairest. The
color scheme was pink — candelabra,
name cards and roses all of the deli
cate shade.
Miss Maxine Elliott is receiving
showers of attention and entertain
ment. On Wednesday evening she
was dined -at the Bohemian Club by
James D. Phelan. who transformed the
red room into a bower of red roses
fur the beautiful guest of honor.
Asked to meet Miss Elliott were Miss
Virginia Jolllffe. Miss Ethel Dean.
Miss Frances Jolliffe, Mrs. Dixweil
Hewitt. Mrs. Walter Martin, Mrs. Wil
liam Hinckley Taylor, Mr. and Mrs.
Horace Blanchard Chase, Chester Bai
ley Fernald, Enrique Grau, Cyril To
bln, Charles Aiken, Joseph Redding,
toward M. Greenway, Thomas Bar
bour. Miss Elliott will be the guest
ot" honor at the Tobin home in Bur
lingame next Suaday, (when a lunch
eon will be given, to which are bidden
many of society's members.
Mrs. Henry Clarence Breedon enter
tained yesterday at a large bridge
party. This is the first of a series of
bridge games that Mrs. Breedon will
give through the winter. In addition
to the attractiveness of this pastime
there is the pleasure of being enter
tained in the Breedon's new home,
MIRROR OF DAME FASHION
A Chic Shirt Waist of White Taffeta, Simply Trimmed With
Tucks and Straps. It Closes on the Side Invisibly.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES
JUBILEE TRAIN— A. S., City. The
train that carried the jubilee edition of
The Call from San Francisco to Sacra
mento, January 24, 1S9S, made' the trip
in one hour and forty minutes.
GOVERNMENT LAND— II. S., City.
As your communication does not state
in what portion of California you would
wish to take up United States land this
department cannot 4 advise you as to
which of the several United States
land offices you could write to. The
United States Land Office, 610
Commercial street in this city, may
advise you in this matter.
KISSING THE BRIDE— Subscriber.
City. An authority on etiquette says
abouf kissing the bride: "The bridal
veil may be thrown back from the face
of the bride at the altar by the groom
If he pleases, but It Is not now consid
ered Quite reverent for him to kiss her
which is a delight to themselves and
their friends. With a view unchal
lenged, the home contains every requi
site- for comfort, and near their old
location Mr. and Mrs. Breedon can
have no regrets for a by-gone neigh-
Miss Edna Robinson entertained
yesterday afternoon at tea.
Mrs. Joseph Anderson Chanslor and
Mrs. Frederick Wilson Kimble will
give a large tea at the home of th*
former hostess, corner Jones and
Washington streets, on December 20.
' Mme. E. C. Evstaphieve. the musi
cian and artist, is occupying the
Bruce Porter cottage with Miss Ado
line Knapp in Mill Valley. This cozy
retreat Is tucked away at the extreme
end of the valley, immediately under
the surveillance of Mount Tamalpais.
A prettier home is nowhere near, and
the spot one quite in keeping with the
pursuits of its inhabitants. ;•;•*;'
Mrs. George A. Crux has taken res
idence at 1815 Broadway.
The wedding of Miss Galena Conwell
of this city and Dr. J. N. Giesy of Salt
Lake City took place yesterday at the
St. Francis. The ceremony was per
formed at 11 a. m. by the Rev. James
M. McElhinney. pastor of the Holly
wood Presbyterian Church. The bride,
attended by Miss Gertrude Gldney, was
dressed in white mall and carried a
6hower bouquet of lilies of th» valley.
The groom was served by Dr. J. A. Mc-
Gough. Dr. and Mrs. Giesy hav» gona
for an extended Eastern trip and will
return to San Francisco the latter part
of January, when the doctor will 1<h
cate here in his profession.
Dr. and Mrs. Morton Gibbons, who
have been visiting Mr. and Mrs. J. C.
Stubts in Chicago, have returned to
town. Miss Elsie Dorr baa come with
them.
Mrs. Ellen H. Root, whose home i»
in Paris, will spend the winter In San
Francisco at the Bella Vista.
Mr. and Mrs. William Babcock, who
have been traveling abroad extensively,
returned recently to their home in San
Rafael.
The marriage of Miss Margaret Kin
sey to Bertram Chase Towne. which
occurred at noon on Wednesday, was
witnessed by a large number of friends
and relatives from Oregon and Califor
nia. The bride's father was a pioneer
of Oregon, having arrived there at an
earl*" day and founded the town of Eu
gene, which was named for him. The
ceremony was performed in Grace
Church by the Rev. David Evans, the
bride attended by Miss Greta Water
man, the groom by Dr. Waterman. Mr.
and Mrs. Towne will reside with Mrs.
Phoebe *Kinsey in her beautiful newr
home at San Mateo.
thu«\ publicly, and certainly not for th«
officiating clergyman. A delicate wom
an always rebels agafflst the now dis
used formality of kissing in the church,
and it is pleasant to announce that thte
habit is one of the obsolete customs of
public marriages."
JOHNNY SMOKER— O. S.. City.
There is no account in any of tha
books of children's games of such a
game a3 "Johnny Smoker." hut (there
is a song which can be found In cheap
sang books* descriptive of Johnny
Smoker playing all kinds of Instru
ments. Such may be obtained from
any bookseller. v
Townsend's California Glace fruits la
artistic fire-etched boxes. .715 Market st.
and Wakelee's Drug Store. •
Special Information supplied dally t«
business houses and public men by to«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen*). 3» C*U*
fornia mtreet. Telephone Main X04X •ADVERTISEMENTS.
I ~~~~~~»
J *^Jr*»^Mas^raisssssflO^sssssssssssssB»^sSSs»as^^W 1^^-^'" _ •>* t *'\^ *- '^Si?Tisfe^^R^sSWBtiffwffTnfc
I ssHsHnRoeW sM^ff%JwR.%sy- V-y^^ji 'i^. "&•**• »#^ * it \3fff*f? £.%}*. "fe^ffG^
f ■ .. »' J!" v ,* ~^^^^^^sjB^ff&S2aBBB»aflEUr v*"" *■ *■ ?^»* ' m \ t- " — • - ■nCssJTssTsI imIbb
[7 A prominent club woman, Mrs. Dan- if
forth, of St. Joseph, Mich., tells how she
was cured of falling of the womb and
its accompanying pains and misery by
Lydia E* Pinkham^ Vegetable Compound*
"Dkab Mrs. Pixkham: — life looks dark indeed when a woman
feels that her strength is fading away and she has no hopes of ever
being restored. Such was my feeling a few months ago when I was
advised that my poor health was caused by prolapsus or falling of the
womb. The words sounded like a knell to me, I felt that my sun had
Bet ; but Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound came to me as
an elixir of life ; it restored the lost forces and built me up until my
rood health returned to me. For four months I took the medicine
daily and each dose added health and strength. I am so thankful for
the help I obtained through its use." — Mrs. Florence Danforth,
1007 Miles Ave., St. Joseph, MiclL
A medicine that has restored so many women to health and
can produce proof of the fact must be rega rded with respect. This
Is the record of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, which
cannot be equalled by any other medicine the world has ever pro-
duced. Here is another case : —
S&&K&1K " Dear 3Irs. Pixkitam : — For years I was
troubled with falling of the womb, irregular
and painful menstruation, leucorrhoe a. bearing-
down pains, backache, headache, dizzy and
jSkF vil* fainting spells, and stomach trouble.
Prig "1 doctored for about five years but did
H yI *8£\ @* iHJ not s^ em to improve. I began the use of your
J M I ¥& medicine, and nave taken seven bottles of
fZ^&ffL <— ■»* tf Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound,
E|iij§§£\ / three* of Blood Purifier, and also used the
P y^SV "* jA\ Sanative Wash and liver Pills, and am now
mn^lHiX*"^ Y-^ enjoying good health, and have gained in flesh.
f¥jrf"'L ~ I thank you very much for what you
Essr yf^k ave < * one * or m ?» anc * neart^y recqm-
CaM J s£&&z& s ' naend your medicine to all suffering
/&& women." — Miss Emma. Snydkr, 218 East
f Center St, Marion, Ohio.
"FREE MEDICAIi ADVICE TO WOMEN."
TTbmen. would save time and much sickness if they would
write to Mrs. Pinkham for advice as soon as any distressing- symp-
toms appear. It is free, and has put thousands of women on the
right road to recovery.
Sirs. Pinkham never violates the confidence thus entrusted to
her, and although she publishes thousands of testimonials from
women who have been benefited by ber advice and medicine,
never in all her experience has she published such a letter without
the full consent, and often by special request of the writer.
A»aaa FORFEIT'? wectn:.ot forthwith produce the original letters and signatures of
\KII!lll above tettuncai&ls, which will prore their absolute genuineness.
WWUUU Lydia. fi. rink ham Medicine Co., Lynn, Mail.
RADCL.IKFE JURY SECURED.— Th« Jury
to retry the ra*e of Harry Radcllffe. charged
with the murder of Andrew Riley at Ninth
an<} Sh*ridan street*, van impaneled yesterday.
fHrtn* to the absence of an important witness
the case was continued till Monday mornlnr.
The Jurors are: Joe Pcheim, A. A. Denny.
Thomas RraSy, Jefcn Bennett. Gu« Browning.
J. W. Tamm. Jacob Gunnburger. Uichael J.
Vaughn. Ed H. Lake, Mopes Dannenbaum.
David H. Allen and Alonro Ilailitt.
Bhattered nerves. Treak stomach. Im
paired digestion and inability to sleep all
disapp^ar when Lass's Bitters are used.*
ADVERTISEMENTS. \
CASTOR I A
Fox Infants and Children.
the Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears th» // /^T"
Signature of *~/i<zS-7Y. J<i&/UK£
FRENCH SAVINGS BANK
815 Xostromexy 8tr*#t.
Capital paid op $ 600,000
Ciridends paid to depositors ; 1,656,226
CHAS. CARPT/Presldeot.
ARTHUR LEGALLET. Vlet-PrcsMMrt.
LEON BOCQUERAZ. Secretary.
JGIIjV G1NTT. Attt. Secretary.
OXBECTORSl
Dr. E. Artlrues. Cbae. Carpy. Leon KauSman
O. Boslo, J. B. Clot. A. Roea,
L*oc Boeqaersiz. J. M. X>npaa. A. Lecallet.
3. A. Bcrrerot. J. B. Godeau. 3. 3. Mack.
lnterai paid on deposits. Loans mad* on
Real Ectat* and approved securities.
The Joy of Eating
is common to all humanity tintil
the organs go wrong — then joy
is turned to sorrow and food
does the body little or no good.
If you would* return to the
ability to enjoy food use
Beecham's
Pills
Sold Everywhere. In boxes 10c. and 25c.
Palace dontfailto I
1 Uillvv gee iile beautiful !
j COURT Lounging •
/iflfl room, the EMPIRE •
aim parlor, the!
r J PALM ROOM, the ]
finiflQ LOUIS XV PAR-
U1UUU LOR, and the LA-
tf 4.^1^. DIES ' WRITINGj
Hotels room
BRIDE REFUSES
OAKLAND FLAT
A. Frank Denies Deserting
Wife, but She Would
Not Move Across the Bay
A bride's refusal to live in an Oak
land flat is said to be at the bottom of
the domestic differences of Katharina
Frank and Andrew Frank, a retired
merchant. She sued him for divorce a
few days ago, charging him with de
sertion and alleging that he had 520,000
in t!ie bank. Yesterday he denied the
desertion and the bank account. He
avers that his income is only $65 a
month. They were married on August
20 last, and, finding the plumbing of
thtir home on Clementina .street un
sanitary, he hied across the/bay to find
a new home. On October 13, he says,
he found a flat and sent for his wife,
but she refused to live in Oakland.
In a cross complaint to Maud E. Till's
suit for divorce Arthur Till charges her
with cruelty; says she tried to stab him
with a hat pin, broke 'a vase over hia
head and had a habit of coming home
Intoxicated.
Kate L. Lawler, answering James
Lawler's suit for an annulment
of their marriage at Stockton,
denies that either he or she was drunk
when the ceremony was performed and
says he knew what he was doing.
Judge Hebbard granted a divorce to
Eugene O'Hare from Kathleen O'Hare
on the ground of her intemperance. She
did not appear to defend the case, al
though Fhe had filed an answer saying
that he had accused her of being re
sponsible, by neglect, for the death of
five of their children, all of whom died
between November 17 and 27 of last
year.
Divorces were granted by Judge Heb
bard to LIzette Cook from A. C. Cook,
desertion; Emma Jacobson from Isaac
Jacobson, desertion; by Judge Kerri
gan to Lena H. Orand from Charles F.
Orand, desertion; by Judge Graham to
Emma Gilligan from John Gilligan, de
sertion; Louise Rendell from Charles
L. Rendell, cruelty; by Judge Sloss to
William Shackleton from Emma
Shackleton, intemperance; by Judge
Troutt to James Brown from Vivian
Brown, desertion; by Judge Seawell to
Lulu E. Merrianvfrom Caryl C. Mer
riam, a former Stockton attorney, de
sertion.
Suits for divorce were filed by Myrtle
B. Gowett against George E. Gowett,
neglect; by Lillian P. Week' against
John R. Week, cruelty.
FILES HUSBAND'S WILL— Oakland. Dec.
8. — Mrs. \Llzzie M. Glfford of Haywards, Hied
the will of her late husband for probate to
day. He leaves an estate valued at about $3000.
conKietlag of mining claims. A bequest of
$100 Is left his son, John B. Giflord, a Bailor
ia Uw Bxltiah N'avi.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLJ, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 9, - 1904.
RACIAL CONFLICT DEVELOPS STORIES
THAT ARE VERY CONTRADICTORY.
Ethiopian's Narrative Clashes With
Tale Unfolded by Asiatic.
Combat in Chinese Restaurant Results in Arrest
of Manager's Afro-A??i37ican Assailants.
BY JAMES C.
"A Chink noodle dump on Jackson
street" was George Washington
Brown's designation of the scene of
conflict, and his fellow defendant, Ja
cob Netherland, alluded to it as "a
chop suey joint." , The prosecuting
policeman enlightened Judge Mogan
with the information that the arrests
were made in a Chinese restaurant.
Mr. Brown and Mr. Netherland, up
to-date young negroes, disclaimed
primal responsibility for the blacken
ing of Hong Ping's eyes and the semi
annihilation of his highly treasured
queue. If he had treated them with,
ordinary courtesy, they averred, there
would not have been any punching or
hair pulling, because they were most
amicably inclined toward him and all
his race when they entered his place
of business. They kept mental mem
oranda of what they ate and his
scheduled prices therefor and when
the overcharge was attempted they
had not accused him of deliberate en
deavor to extort, but kindly requested
him to furnish them with an itemized
bill so that the>\ might prove the de
fectiveness of his arithmetic. Instead
of acceding to that very reasonable
request he flew into violent passion
and threatened to slay them if they
did not pay the sum he demanded.
"En all mah bo'n days, Jedge,"
said Mr. Brown, "ah nebbah saw sech
an angrifled pusson as dat Chink. He
wuz bilin' mad, an' w'en Mistah Neth
erland tried ter p'int out dat we
wuzn't out fo' no trubble he grew
wuss an' wussah, callin' boaf ob us
dead beats an' oddah derpreshiatin'
names dat no gen'lm'n kin stan'.
Ter mek mattahs still mo' wussah, a
dozen oddah Chinks stud a-eggin' him.
on an' a-helpin' him po' de insultery
inteh us. Et wuz a case ob flght ou'
way out, Jedge, or stay dah an' be
cahved wif knives, an' we fit ou' way
out- Dat am de sollem fucks ob de
case, yo' Honnah."
Mr. Netherland corroborated every
word of Mr. Brown's statement, but
every word of it was emphatically
contradicted by Hong Ping/ who swore
that the defendants audaciously tried
to evade payment of any sum at all.
When they sought to sneak out he
undertook to restrain them and while
one of them systematically put his
eyes in mourning the .other tried to
uproot his queue.
More testimony will be heard next
Saturday.
• • •
Five full-bloded Greeks, accused of
peddling without license, were regis
tered on Judge Cabaniss' calendar as
Mike Cuddy, Joe Corbett, Pat Smith
ers, Timothy Griffin and A. R. Cullen
and his Honor gasp'ed and blinked. as
he alternately glanced from the ros
ter to the defendants. Clerk Barney
Conlan surveyed the swart quintet
with baleful eye and Prosecuting At
torney Hanley's stare at them was
menacing.
"Of course," said Mr. Hanley to the
bench, "these defendants are not of
the nationality that these names
would indicate, for not one of them
can speak the English language."
"The names are rank counterfeits,
your Honor," snapped Clerk Conlan,
"and I'd like to know by what right
these dagoes should have adopted
such names."
" 'A. P. Cullen,';" mused the Judge
scanning the calendar; "now I'd like
.to know what "A. P.' stands for."
"Alphonsus Patrick," promptly ex
claimed the defendant alluded to.
Mr. Conlan collapsed in his chair, Mr.
Hanley clutched wildly at the clerk's
desk as he staggered backward. Bailiff
Neil Carmichael chuckled' and the
Judge's fingers were In his hair as he
moaned:
"Take them away. This nomen
clatural mystery is too profound to be
solved in a day. Bring them back on
the 22d." '
Four Intoxicated and disorderly Jap
anese men were gallantly breasting the
Pine street hill, between Dupont and
Stockton, when a member of the China
town squad undertook to scale the ac
clivity and discipline them. When they
saw him climbing they formed a square
that would have been hollow had it not
environed a fire plug, but three of them
retreated Lefore his fierce onslaught,
the fourth bravely holding his ground
while he endeavored to uproot the plug,
his evident intention being to utilize it
as a defensive weapon. The quartet
were overpowered and manihed down
the hill again, and Judge Conlan will
sentence them to-day.
Mnu Alice Hogue told Judge Mogan
.^^ • , ADVERTISKMENTS.
TO-DAY. DECEMBER 9TH,
And on Each of tha Bemalnintr Eighteen Business Says of This Month.
OUR ENTIRE STOCK OF READY-TO-WEAR CLOTH
GARMENTS WILL BE ON SPECIAL SALE AT
ALL THE ISO ALL THE
Handsonie Cloth Suits. In ererr correct style' . SifcSSt Swattrer Tourist Coats, in the newest "mm-
and fabric— - ._. nlah" mixtures— ' . . . . : . /~ •
Beautiful Velret Suits. In the latest mid-winter Regular Rick Velvet Jackets, plain or tlesraatly trlnt-
1 ashlons — Jf Reasonable med— ■ . «;
Sturdy Walking; Suits, in the newest fabrics Prices Stunning; Evening Wraps, in white, cream,
and fashions— ■ iM . _ OT ,. . champagne, tan. ecru and the new shades of
Elerant Silk Suits, in shirt waist and other onion and buprt orang-e— ;.-. ; . .;
■tyles— Kind of prices Separate Dress Skirts, to etan^e.- voUe s^-.
Jaunty Covert Jackets, in Ions', medium and Makes a lt8 cloth, tweed, alpaca and other fashionable
shftrt lengths SavincThat fabrics— _.. ;.. ■ .
Stylish Cravenette Ulster «, for rain or shine— will Astonish Misses' and Children's Coats. In every color and .
ARE INCLUDED IN THIS and^elirrt length— INCLUDED IN THIS
SWEEPING CLEARANCE W , SWEEPING CLEARANCE
Ton may thank the tardy arrival of Winter for this opportunity. The mild weather that ' hunsr on with such
persistence all last month materially lessened the distribution we expected, and the stocks in our Cloak and Suit De-
partment are altogether too lanre. To reduce them at once we make this extraordinary offer. Wever before, to our
knowledge, has this city known such a wholesale, all-embracing saorifloe of "fashionable and desirable rarments at
this period of a season. Come. It will be sheer , extravagance to pay regular prices elsewhere while this sale is on.
Beginning Saturday — December 10th— Our Store will be Open Evenings Until Christmas.
Forget ! £» &J^ggBJCg B\ i Forget :
Our i liV fiaii&. II li/ -frifi^ffe^w^ ff % Hl^li J&. r lalril ■ 1 um% stkoTtH ' Our ;
Number, j; ivw SM^W^ !fllk I w A i 3 W tUlaO Number.
CRAWFORD, t
that Joseph, her . husband, was In
steady receipt of $18 a week for his
services as a Iaundryman,' but instead
ofsupporting her and their three young
children with the money he spent near
ly all of it for ready-made clothing, for
himself. Their home at 530 Alabama
street was chock full of hand-me-down
garments," but no food would be pur
chased or rental paid if she did not de
vote her scanty earnings as a laundress
to those lines of expenditure. While
she was ashamed of the raiment worn
by the little ones and herself, Joseph
was ever a glass of fashion. He read
all the clothiers' advertisements In the
daily newspapers while he was at home,
and when . not at home or at work he
could surely be found In some apparel
shop inspecting and trying on the lat
est things in ready-made suits. Since
last June his contributions to the
household fund had not exceeded a to
tal, of $25, and during. that period he
must have spent ten times that amount
of money In sartorial dissipation. Could
not the court persuade or compel him
td remember his domestic responsibili
ties?
The court thought Joseph ought to be
ashamed of himself. While a passion
for stylish attire was less reprehensible
than a craving for strong waters, lt
was difficult to see how Joseph's family
was benefited by- the distinction. Jo
seph must understand that the first
duty of a paterfamilias- was to his wife
and children, even to the deterioration
of his 'personal aspect, and if he does
not immediately begin buying: more
food and firing and other household
necessaries he will soon find himself de
prived of opportunity to buy anything,
for in the County Jail there are neither
pay days nor clothing stores. •
Joseph Curran complained to a po
liceman that he had been robbed of a
revolver by J. Lodiare, liquor dealer at
121 Sixth street, and w'hen the officer
accompanied Mr. Curran to Mr. Lo
diare's store he found that the pistol
was commandeered because it had been
brandished threateningly by Mr. C. in
the face of Mr. L.. during a dispute orer
some small change. So instead of ar
resting Mr. Lodiare the policeman ar
rested Mr. Curran and booked him for
carrying a deadly weapon, of which
charge he was pronounced guilty by
Judge Conlah.
With due respect to the court, Mrs.
Alice O'Brien would prefer to plead her
own case. It was in no spirit of con
tumacy that she declined Judge Ca
baniss' offer to appoint a professional
advocate in her behalf. Confident of
the righteousness of her cause and of
the uprightness of the bench, she did
not fear the outcome of her trial, nor
did she believe that any lawyer could
improve the defense which she was pre
pared to submit.
"I don't want to have any of them
shysters, talkln* for me," said Mrs.
O'Brien, "and If it's all the same to
your Honor I'll do my own arguing."
It i was all the same to his Honor, and
the examination proceeded. Patrolman
W. P. Monaghan testified that Mrs.
O'Brien's small saloon, at 8 Kate street,
off Bryant and between Seventh and
Eighth, was a hotbed of disorder, to
the great annoyance of her neighbors,
many of whom had audibly marveled
that the law did not protect them.
"To show your Honor that no such
complaints have been made," said Mrs.
O'Brien, "I'll now call my chief wit
ness, Mrs. Julia Ballinger, who lives
right opposite my little place, to say if
she ever heard a voice above a whisper
comin* from me or my customers, and
I'm sure she'll tell the truth, for there's
no woman I know who has a better
reputation for rhindln* her own busi
ness and tellin' the truth tfian Mrs.
Ballinger, and after your Honor has
heard what she has to say I'm sure you
will take her word and let the police
man know that — "
"Call Mrs. Ballinger!" shouted the
Judge.
. Mrs. Ballinger, a rosy-faced young
matron, fulfilled Mrs. O'Brien's expec
tation to the letter. How any one who
did not want to hurt a poor lone widow
trying to make an honest living could
say that Mrs. O'Brien kept a disorderly
house was more than Mrs. Ballinger
could understand. Although in prox
imity to the premises In question morn
ing, noon and night, she (Mrs. B.) had
never once heard or seen anything
about Mrs. O'Brien's management of
her business discreditable to that lady's
respect for the law of the land and the
comfort of her neighbors. There were
some people on earth, however, that an
angel from above could not please.
Mrs. O'Brien then took herself In
SAYS POISON
WAS IN FOOD
Violet Monnier Tells of Al
leged Effort to Kill Her
and Her- Two Children
OBJECTS TO TESTIMONY
Counsel for Defense Tries
to Exclude Evidence Ke
lating to Dire Threats
Violet Monnier, wife of George Mon
nier Jr., the contestant for a share in
the estate of his father, the late wine
dealer, testified yesterday in Judge
Graham's, court as to the al
leged attempt by v Mrs. Monnier Sr.
to poison her and her two children at
the Monniers' home in May, 1902. At
the time both children and the mother
vrere visiting the house, and after eat
ing were taken sick. The baby boy
went into convulsions and was sick for
a long time afterward. Violet Monnier
and the little girl, Flossie, were slclc
two weeks. Thephysicans who were
summoned treated them for poisoning.
Several sharp arguments passed be
tween Attorneys Roche and Collins
during the testimony as to the poison
ing. Collins objected to the introduc
tion of the testimony, but was overrul
ed by the court. The witness later
testified that Mrs. Monnier made fur
ther threats to poison the three in the
presence of Policeman Curtis, who had
been called in to quell a disturbance
in the Monnier home.
Violet Monnier told of her Relations
with the elder Monniers after her mar
riage with their son. According to her
statements, while Monnier Sr. was
passive in his opposition, his wife was
a great trouble maker. The witness
testified that after the birth of her sec
ond child the elder Mrs. Monnier took
care of him during the young wife's
stay in the hospital, and that when
she left the hospital she had to resort
tc stratagem to get her child back.
The witness said that efforts were
continually being made to separate her
from her husband, and that when she
was very sick she was served first with
papers to annul her marriage and later
with papers in divorce proceedings.
The divorce was in the name of her
husband, but tluring the trial it was
proved that George Monnier was living
with his wife and that the proceed
ings were instigated by Mrs. Mon
nier Sr.
The witness declared that when she
went to visit her husband at the
French Hospital he seemed afraid of
her and that she had to calm him be
fore he would speak to her. She fur
ther said that when she was in the
hospital George Monnier Sr. supplied
the money for her expenses and that
he often gave the grandchildren
money.
Attorney Collins questioned Violet
Monnier as to her meeting with the
Monniers and her marriage with
George. She told of her meetings with
Mrs. Monnier before the marriage, all
of which were pleasant; but after the
marriage Mrs. Monnier said that she
was not George's wife and that the
marriage was illegal.
Dr. F. Canac Marquis of the Frencn
Hospital testified as to young . Mon
nier's stay at the hospital, where i he
was treated for tuberculosis. Collins
tried to make the witness say that dis
sipation caused aggravations of the
disease, but failed.
Several other witnesses testified as
to the elder Monnier's kind treatment
of his 'son during) the bov's childhood.
The case will go on Monday morning
at 10 o'clock. «
Teachers on Absence IJeave.
The Board of Education announced
that teachers with leaves of absence
until the beginning of the spring term
will not be required to return to their
classes until January 16 next. By the
adoption of a recent resolution the
spring term's commencement was ad
vanced from January 3 to January 16
and the board fears that teachers may
wish to return to duty at the earlier
date. Leaves of absence were granted
to Rose de Yoe, May Arnold and Alice
McNeely, and teachers' certificates to
E. I. Rowell, Charlotte Martin, Mrs.
Kate Delaney, Margaret Nesfleld and
E. J. Dupuy.
San Francisco News Letter.
The San Francisco News-Letter this week
contains a variety of interesting: articles. Be
sides the well written regular departments,
the paper contains: "Need of an Honest Grand
Jury." "Bohemian Club Gossip," "Lafcadlo
Hearn and His Peculiar Genius," "The Blunder
of a Bachelor," "Japanese Stores and Their
Fake Methods," of Wood Alcohol
When Used in Place of Spirits." .. •
hand and closed for the defense, her
argument being of extravagant dura
tion and destitute of either semicolons
or periods. She was still talking when
the arrival of the noon hour afforded
the court excuse for continuing the
case till December 22.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
. . y ...
SHREYE & COMPANY
POST AND MARKET STS.
BEAUTIFUL AND MO DERATE -PRICED
CHRISTMAS GIFTS. A LARGER COL-
LECTION AND A GREATER VARIETY
THAN EVER "V
THE STORE WILL BE' OPEN EVENINGS FROM
DECEMBER TJ3 A' TJT TO TWEXTY - FOURTH
■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■
[orpheumI
1 'SPECIAL g
| To-Day's the Day I
gg At 1 o'clock sharp, n
■ SIXTH ANNUAL BENEFIT Q
■ ' Under the Auspices of tha |J
g Associated Theatrical Managers g
a OF SAN FRANCISCO E3
Dl in Aid of Their D
! CHARITY FUND!
! Devoted to the Relief of the Sick and ' ,
■j Needy of the Profession. ■
2 Monster Continuous Performance S
B Talent from Columbia Theater. Grand m
S Opera-house, California Theater, Or- £
JJ pheum. Alcazar, Tivoll Opera-house. ■»
B Central Theater, Chutes. SB
B 10— BIO ACTS— 16 ■
■■BaaBBQBBasiEiiBsaBBBaa
MonsterNewShow
MISS MARY SHAW & CO.,
Dillon Brothers: Howard's Comedy Dors
and Ponies; Marvelous Frank and Lit-
tle Bob: Phyllis Allen, and Orpheum
Motion Pictures.
Last Times of San Elton: 3>Boy and
Bled; The Josselln Trio and Clement
de Lion.
Regular Matinees every Wednesday^ Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday.
Price* — 10c. 23c and SOo.
S CALIFORNIA*
ALL THIS WEEK. B
8ANFORD B. . RICABY Presents the H
WILLIAM H. WEST BIO £1
MINSTREL JTJBII.EE _„. £j
Featuring the Superb Scenic Singlns; f
Sensation. **
FREDERICK V. BOWERS, for the H
past twenty-.«!x weeks the star feature £
of Klralfy'a Immense Louisiana Pur- H
chase Spectacle at the St. Louia Ex- £
position. [1
GREATEST SINGING PART EVER R
CONCEIVED. |i
. Next Sunday Night— ROSE* MEL- M
VILLE. the original "SIS HOPKINS." H
SIXTH ENORMOUS SEASON. «
opep^hyou hguse
TO-NIGHT s2c E cli
. KINO
SEATS ALWAYS SELLINO.
REGULAR MATINEE SATURDAY.
AT »T< A TI A T3 Belasco & Mayer.
ALCAZAR srsrss.-
y | , I General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— MATS. SAT. AND 6UN.
"It wasn't like a stock first night; lt wta
a performance." — Aahton Stevens.
"Highly gratified audience." — CalL
"Infinitely humorous." — Chronicle.
The Professor's
Love Story
Delightful Comedy by J. M. Barrie.
Author of 'The Little Minister."
Evgs.. 25c to 75c. Mats., Sat. & Sun., 25c to BOc.
NEXT MONDAY— rAPDIfC
Mrs. Flske's First Success, VrtrKlWC
CENTRALS
Market St.. rear Eighth. Phone South 533.
LAST THREE NIGHTS.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Jacob Liu's I2S.0OU production of the greatest
melodrama ever written,
THE SUBURBAN
r»r*i^ ti>« "^ ***** and tlx norB «*-
L LL Well-known local Jockeys.
•jEC The lime kiln.
•^ The sea wall. ■
TO- !<IGHT— BEN EFIT
A O. H.. DIVISION NO. 9.
Prices— Evt. 10c to 5Oc. Mats. loc. 15c. 23c
NEXT— "LOST IN SIBERIA."
Bating! jjg&Raciii!
New XjET-Joctoj
California yt* Club
OAKLAND TBACX.
Commencing SATURDAY, November 12.
Raclrr every week day. rain or shine.
Races start at 2: IS p. m. sharp. ;
FAMILY CLUB HAZVDXCAP.
81000 added, to De run Saturday. Deo. 10.
- For special trains stopping at the track take
S. P. Ferry.' foot of Market street, at 12:uo.
12:30. 1:00, 1:30 or 2:00. Returning trains
leave the track at 4:10 and 4:45 p. m. and im-
mediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
PERCY W. TREAT. Secretary.
WEEKLY CALL, $1.00 PER YEAS.
AMUSEMENTS.
/\LH/\MBR/\
Saturday, December IT. at 3: CO P. M.
ironday. December 19. at 8:19 P. M.
Wednesday. December 21. at 8:13 P. M.
Opening of th« AMERICAN TOCR at
Paderewski
Reserved Seat Sals opens at Sherman,
Clay & Co.'s Monday mornlnr, 1>«
cem»er 12. at 0. Prices, $2 50. $2 00,
$1 50, $1 CO. Stelnway Piano usM.
Paderewski Concerts: Macdonoush
Theater. Oakland. December 23; Vic-
tory Theater. San Joss. December 29l
GRAND SSSii
Matinees To-Morrow and Sunday
THIS WEEK A1CD NEXT
iSSu "Befo 1 tha King," Edward VII
Buckingham Palace. June 23 1903 j
THE ROTAL. COMEDIANS !
WILLIAMS
and WALKER
And Their Company of Colored Artists
&£• IN DAHOMEY
Curtain Rises at 8 o'clock.
UULUIVIdIA LfADIRS TBttJK
LAST 3 NIGHTS— MATIXKB SATXTRDAT.
LAST TIME SATURDAY NIGHT.
CHARLES B. DILLJNGHAM presents
MAXINE ELLIOTT
In th« Clyde Fitch Comedy.
HEROU/N W/YY
Beg. NEXT SUNDAY. Dec. II
The M«rry, Tuneful Musical Hit.
A CHINESE HONEYMOON
SEATS NOW READY. ■
Aimms
(Absolutely Fireproof.)
H. W. BISHOP Lessee and Manager.
TO-NIGHT ggfIS TO-NIGHT
matij.ee to-morrow.
Oliver Morosco Offers
HOWARD GOULD— J. H. GILMOUR
And tiie Majestic Theater Company la that
Great American Political Comedy
THE SENATOR
Next — "MR. POTTER OF TEXAS."
B«nd for Free "ADVANCE COURIER."
TONY LUBELSKI, General Manager.
Best Ever Organised.
PosttiTe One Dollar Attractions for
lOo and 20o — No Hlsrher.
The new bill this week will catch the city
by storm.
\ -yr.v All Celebrated Artist*.
PEOPLE'S
OF»UL*%R
RICB8
10c and 20c — No Higher. .
Greatest Yaudeville performance for the-
prices in the world. Children to any part of
the theater. 10c.
Performance every afternoon at 2:30; every
evening Wi 7:30 and 9: % continuous Saturday
and Sunday matinees from 2 to S; continuous
Saturday and Sunday evenings from 7 to 11.
Startling, new European movtnj plcturea,
wkHm Ih^SjSsBj^mI^
JL Splendid Show Every Afternoon and
~*~ - Brentasr In the Theater.
DONT* FAIL TO SEB
THE JOHNSTOWN FLOOD,
THE SENSATION OP CONEY ISLAND XSJ>
THE WORLD'S FAIR.
A NEVER TO BE FORGOTTEN SPECTACLE.
ELECTRIC FOUNTAIN
SATURDAY AKD SUNDAY NIOHT3.
ADMISSION 10c f CHILDREN 5o
DDTTCU17O FOR BARBERS. BA K-
W1IW Wil *^*" r houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy makers, cannera.
dyers, flour miU». foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters. sho. factories,
■tablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN TBO&,
Brash Mannf actnrers. 609 Sacramento St.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price List* Mailed
on Application.
UBAXT BOOPS ASS EXYLIGHTS.
All kinds repaired. Globe Sheet Metal Works.
117O-117& Mission st. Phone Main. 5461.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS: LEONARD * ELLIS.
418 Front St.. S. F. Phone Main 1719w
PRINTING.
E. C HUGHES, an e£££J^: a r.
910
AFTER INVESTIGATION CRESCEUS' TIME THROWN OUT BY TROTTING OFFICIALS
CRESCEUS' MILE
IS NOT ALLOWED
Track Ofiicials Are All
Ruled Off for the Part
Thev Played in the Case
KETCHAJI EXONERATED
Evidence Not Sufficiently
Strong to Establish His
Connection With Fraud
CHICAGO, Dec. 8.— George R. Ketch
am of Toledo was found not guilty of
establishing a fraudulent record for his
trotting stallion Cresceus at the Wich
ita, Kans., track on October 19, 1903,
after a hearing of the case to-night be
fore the board of appeals of the Ameri
can Trotting Association. The board
declared that the evidence fell short of
sufficiency in establishing criminal par
ticipation in the claimed fraudulent
agreement for an illegitimate record so
far as Mr. Ketcham was concerned.
"The story detailed by Starter Jor
dan of thr : Wichita track, who declared
to the board that Mr. Ketcham had ar
ranged with him to fix the time of Cres
cena bo that the world's mile record
vuuld be broken," the decision declares,
"is not without considerable corrobora
tion in matters of minor detail. We
must, however, view the case before us
wholly from the evidence we have that
the chief factor has certainly convict
ed himself of falsehood, and especially
in view of the sweeping and- unequivo
cal denial of direct or indirect partici
pation made by Mr. Ketcham, we must
determine that the evidence fails to es
tablish his connection with the fraud
and intrigue lying at the foundation of
this attempted record."
While freeing Mr. Ketcham from the
charge, the board found the officials of
the Southern Kansas Fair Association,
on whoso track the race was run,
guilty of connivance to establish a
fraudulent record, and expelled from
the American Trotting Association
President C. H. Irwin and all the other
officials connected with the Wichita
track at that time.
OFFICIALS ARE PUNISHED
The persons expelled by the board
besides Mr. Irwin were S. B. Amidon,
judge; A. C. Jordan. Fred Stearnes and
H. T. Eamcs. all of whom were found
by the board to have participated in
the announcement and establishment of
the fraudulent record of the horse
Cresceus. The expulsion of these of
ficials also means that the world's rec
ord for trotting stallions of 1:5954,
claimed to have been made by Cres
ceus, is not allowed by the board. In
the decision on the case the board says
in part:
"Leaving out of consideration entire
ly the last affidavit made by Mr. Jor
dan, detailing what he now claims to
be the truth of the entire transaction.
fo far at least as> the statements made
therein affect any person other than
himself, and relying alone on the con
tradictory statements under oath made
by Messrs. Amidon, Stearnes, Jordan,
Eames and Irwin, not only as to the
time made and the details of the per
formance, but also and particularly as
to the manifest effort shown to estab
lish what must have been known by
Messrs Irwin and Amidon as an abso
lutely irregular and unlawful meeting
for the record purpose, we are forced to
the unavoidable conclusion that each
of the persons named has within but a
little more than a year made absolutely
irreconcilable and contradictory state
ments of the facts necessary to the
regularity of the meeting, and even the
approximate correctness of the time
made. From the several affidavits the
conclusion is irresistible that not only
was the meeting irregular, but the at
tempt to give the horse such a record
was a gross fraud upon the public and
a willful violation of the rules of the
American Trotting Association.
RECORD IS THROWN OCT.
"All controversy over the regularity
of the performance and the correctness
of the time claimed is forever set at
rest by Mr. Ketcham's authorized
statement, through his attorney, made
to-day before the board, in which he
unequivocally states that he is satisfied
from the evidence before the board
that the horse Cresceus did not make
the mile in 1:59% at Wichita, Kans.,
October 19. 1903, and that he is not en
titled to the credit for the performance
of any record arising therefrom; that
the announcement of such time then
and there made was fraudulently done
and was false; that Cresceus is not en
titled to the record, and Mr. Ketcham
does not want it under existing circum
stances." f \.;i'.*~':
MRS. BAIRD TO GUARD SON.— Veronica
CL BalrcJ. mother of Miles T. Baird. yesterday
petitioned the Superior Court for letters of
ruardianshlp over hi* estate, which, she al
l*se*. be is incompetent to manage. Her pe
tition Etates that he is involved in litigation,
and is indebted for about $25,000. ,-fc'he de
clares that his ineompetpnee ha» arteen from
an illness and that h» has remained Incom
petent up to the present time. John S. Part
ridge is her attorney.
AD\Tj3tTlSEMEyTj>.
You trill always find the finest
fabrics for suitings, trouserings or
■woolens for overcoats that. the mar-
ket contains at A. B. Smith Co. We
carry an exclusive and reliable stock
of correct styles in everything that
constitutes style and beauty in fab-
rics, and we will fit, finish and make
you a suit or overcoat at a rea-
sonable price and you pay only $1.00
per week to keep yourself stylishly
dressed.
A. B. SMITH CO,
116 ELLIS STRXET,
Near Powell.
Weak Men and Women
C MOULD USE DAMI ANA .BITTERS. THE
, I,*,? 1 . Mexican R«n«dr: «lve« health and
«rensth to aexual orcxn*. Depot. 223 Mark«u
CLAUDE IS BEATEN
BY MISTY'S PRIDE
Oregon Mare<12 to 1
in Betting Ring.
FOSSIL BADLY ODTSPRINTED
Silent Water the Lone
• Favorite to Win.
BY FRED E. MULHOLL.AXD.
Owner M. J. Daly's Claude, a many
time Derby winner, had his pride
humbled in a sprinting race" yester
day at Oakland. The bay horse was
compelled to bow in submission before
Misty's Pride, the speedy Oregon
bred mare. This innocent looking
purse event, which was fourth on the
card and decided at six furlongs, was
prolific of considerable class. Among
the other entries were Fossil, Iridius
and Padua. Fossil and Claude were
each quoted at 11 to 5 in the first bet
ting, but as the latter has had the
eyes of the dockers bulging out of
their sockerts by his llights of speed
in morning workouts, he closed favor
ite at 3 to 2. Toward the close of the
betting a drizzling play on Misty's
Pride cut the mares price from 10
and 12 down to 7*2. The favorite
lacked early speed and this accom
plished his defeat, for Eddie Dominick
got him away third from the barrier.
•Big Bill" Knapp on Misty's Pride
went off sailing in the lead and the
pace she set had the others all tip
toeing it.
FOSSIL. LACKS SPEED.
Fossil was lamentably lacking in
speed, while Iridius trailed the leader
into the stretch. Claude, under vigor
ous riding, passed the Jennings entry,
but could not quite get up to the lit
tle chestnut mare, which beat him
out a short neck in 1:13& Iridius
finished third, a neck before Fossil.
Followers of the favorites had
slight surcease from sorrow, as Silent
Water was the one choice to land.
The odds about the filly were so scant
that little relief was afforded them.
While the card did not wear a pre
possessing look, if one number could
t>e excepted, the attendance and bet
tins were good.
Bookmaker Billy Engstrom's recent
purchase Jerusha won the opening
event, going to the post second choice
in the betting. Davis piloted the filly,
and, in a driving finish, she beat Lily
Golding out nearly a length. Lady
Goodrich, played from 12 down to 7,
1 an a fair third. Saccharate, the
mount of Bullman, -was installed fa
vorite. It was the first start this sea
son of the filly, and after displaying a
nice turn of speed she fell back.
For lack of better-looking material,
Scotsman was made favorite for the
mile and hundred yard selling affair.
Harry Michaels, who rode the Brink
worth entry, permitted Sam Green
field, on Profitable, to steal away too
far in front, with a result that the
outsider reached the •wire first by
nc-ariy a length. Vaughan ran third,
three lengths behind the favorite. The
odds about the winner were played
from 15 and 20 down to 6.
ALONE FINISHES FIRST.
Another outsider came to the sur
face in the Futurity course spin for
two-year-olds, next decided. Almost
any one of the nine starters could be
doped a chance, and at 3% to 1 The
Gadfly closed favorite. The colt does
not call for much and was never dan
gerous. Travers, astride Alone, a
slightly backed 15 to 1 shot, gave his
field the slip early and, hard pressed
at the finish, led Mogregor out half a
length. Loague landed the 100 to 1
shot Herthus in the show.
Owners resorted to the scratching
blank liberally in the fifth event, until
the field was reduced to eight starters.
This left Bob Smith's Silent Water a
top-heavy favorite, and in a fierce
drive Sam Greenfield kept the brown
filly going just long enough to get a
rose verdict over The Lieutenant. The
show went to Maxtress, a 15 to 1
chance, ridden by Travers. ♦
Michaels rode J. V. Kirby, favorite
for the concluding mile and fifty yard
event, and the horse made a miserable
showing. Badly Used, the only entry
whose odds were .played down, de
feated Meistersinger and Homage with
apparent ease.
TRACK NOTES.
Bob Smith's apprentice Greenfield is
riding in his best form. Sam carried
oft the honors yesterday by piloting
two winners. ;■.
Walter Jennings sold Isabutte to Dr.
Fitzgerald, the well-known veterinary,
after the filly ran unplaced in the race
won by Silent Water.
Jay Ransch is in the city after an
other successful season of riding on
the French turf. Jay is on his way to
his Bakersfield home and will prob
ably do no riding in California.
Tony Barrett's long-distance cam
paigner Barrack arrived in a car from
I/Os. Angeles last evening.
Badly Used won a race at the Port
land, meeting with the syndicate ring
laying SO to 1 against his chances.
The gelding was played down to 8 and
10 to 1 and earned a nose decision.
Xapa Stock Farm has secured first
call on the services of John Bullman.
Last season Bullman rode the crack
filly Arisbe in her races. Bill Carroll
has In training a dozen or more grand
looking yearlings bred at the Napa es
tablishment of A. B. Spreckels.
Charles Reed, owner of Falrview
Farm, who created* a sensation in the
horse world some years ago by paying
$100,000 for St. Blaise, is registered at
one of the downtown hotels.
The following horsea. filled a car
bound for Los Angeles last evening:
Kenilworth, Edinborough, Penzance,
Decimo, Lena Leford, Flea, Blessed
Damozel, Blondura, PIdalia, Elmer
Toolin and Nick Carter.
,,Following are the entries and
weights for the Family Club handicap,
over one and a sixteenth miles, to be
decided to-morrow:
Claude 126 Bombardier ...103
Gold Money 11C Toledo 103
Honiton 116 Stroller 10"
Fossil ..113 Nfgrette 102
Elliott .. Ill Telephone (t»
Veiiuvian 109 Gateway ....:. .... <ts
Modicum ..IOjs Veterano hr
San ' Nicholas 10S G. • W. Trahern 97
Ananias 107 Barklylte 97
Military Man 10»j Leila 0(j
Mansard IOC Oro Viva »«
DIvina .*..10iVWhoa Bill »«
Arcade . ."; .'. .'. 104'Ishlana 95
ASKS FOR LETTERS.— The Union Trust
Company yesterday petitioned for letters of
administration upon the estate of Alice Louise
Knareton. She left realty valued at $.Vxio,
three Insurance policies worth J3CO0, "about
$1000 1:1 personal property and a half Interest
In a printing buslnces.!, Her heirs are a sou,
two brothers, two eleters and a sister-in-law.
THE SAN FRANCISCO "CALL, FRIDAY. DECEMBER- 9, 1904.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
OAKLAND — Thursday, Dec. 8. Weather fine. Track fast. ■_____
7.*>33. FIRST RACE-^-Futurity course; selling; maiden two-year-old fillies; to first, $325.
Index', Horse and Owner. WtjSt. %! 14I %.■ i-tr. Fin. |. Jockey. j Op- Cl.
7498 ] Jerusha (W. R. Engstrom)... 103| 7 ... 3 ?i 3 1 2.X4 1 % W. Davis.. 5-2 5-2
74S1 1 Lily Goldlng (J. T. Collins).. 103 2 ... 1 h 1 ;% 1 rt -.2 4 Travers ... ft 5
.... |L. Goodrich (\V.- Applegate). 108 H ... »i 2 4 3 3 2 'Sl&Bell ... '*-" ~
74SU jMaid of Fermoy'(T. Fox).... 99 3 ... 4 n « H « n 4 *i F Sullivan 20 30
7456 jGlendene (Summers & Co. )..1O8 5 ... 5h\53 6i% fl n Larsen ... • 8 1"
7507 Macene (L. H. Ezell) 108 6 ... 7 3 1.% 1 3 li'H Anderson .. 1- -15
7-J5U Sun Rose (Appleby & Co.)... 09 4 ... 8 2 8 5 8 6:7 &'> McBride .. 30 : «0
00.54 |Saccharate (Napa Stock Fm.) 108 1 ... 2 2 2 % 4%' 8 7 Bullman '.. 8-5 ii
74S1 |Vel (Hamilton & Co.) 104 f 9 ... » "9^ » 9 Loague .... B0 100.
Time — :24'/j. :49',4. 1:1214. At post 3*4 minutes. Oft at 2:15'^. Jerusha, place,*4-5; show.
2-5. Goldin?, place, 2; show, 4-5. Goodrich, show, 8-5. Winner b. f. by Sir Walter -
Bellamie. Trained by C- Heath. Start good. Won all driving. Winner outlasted Lily.
Glendene has gone back. Macene won't do. Saccharate faded away in the stretch.
7S34. SECOND RACE — One mile and 100 yards; selling; 3- year- olds and up; to first, $325.
lnd«tl Horse and Owner. WtSt.^4. Vf %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op. • Cl.
7523 (Profitable, 4 (A. Winter*)... 07| 3 13 12 1 2%1 2^1 s; Greenfield . 10 , 6
(7522) Scotsman, 4 (Brlnkworth Co.) 109 5 3h3n 3131 23 H Michaels 6-0 8-5
(7515) Vaughan, 3 (Mrs. Hertzell).: 106 1 2 1 2 1 2 >£ 2 n 3 2!£ Minder ,15 15'
7402 Vigoroso, i (Appleby & Co.). 98 7 5n 5n 51 62 4% McBride .. 30 50
7522 Goldflnder, a (Fitzgerald & C.) 105 6 6h 6 2 6 3 7 62 Sherwood .. 5 ; »
(7529) Flaneur. 6 (Bianchi & McG.) 104 4 7 7 7 5 2 0 n F Sullivan 4 .6
(7506) Step Around. 4 (Mrs. Boyle). 104 2 4 1 4 h 4 n 43 7.W. Davis.. "3 4
7520 Constable. 5 (V. Gilbert) 104 8 Pulled up. . Wright ...,. 30 25
Time— :24%, :49Vi. 1:15%, 1:42%', 1:48^4. At post 5V4 minutes.. Off at 2:42 ft'.- Profitable,
place, 5-2; show, 6-5. Scotsman, place, 3-5; $how, 1-3. Vaughan, show, 3.- .Winner,
eh. g. by Golden Garter- Ventura. Trained by P. Fitzpatrlck. Scratched— Harry Beck.
Start good. Won all driving. Profitable well played this crisp December afternoon.
Michaels waited too long- with Scotsman. Latter was best and should have won.
Vigoroso away very badly, closed considerable ground. Step Around very sore. Sul-.
. JL V 3"- O . n _ F * laneur P ut U P an exceedingly weak ride. Goldflnder can do better than this. I
75Ct5. THIRD RACE— Futurity course; 2-year-olds; aelling; value to first, $325.
lnoexi Horce and Owner. WtjHt. Vj . fc. %. atr. Fin. 1 Jockey. I Op. CJ.
7475 Alone (Summers & Co.) 101 f 4 .; . 1 % 1 1 Mftl 14* Travers~T 15 12
7511 |Moi?regor (California Stable).. 109 7 ... 7 2 4 n 4 n 2 ii • W Knapp. 3 4
74(»S Kerthus (V. Gilbert) 10C3 ... 2 3 2 v, 5 2 3 n Loague . . . . 40 40
74H1 |Baker (J. J. McAlester) 100 6 ... 6 1 3 1V42 1 4 ns H Michaels 4 «
7527 jThe Gadfly «. Keene & Co.).. 104 5 ... 5^52 3 n 5 4 W.' Davis.. « 7-2
i414 IGlaccma (R. A. Smith) 109 a ... 82 7%e3 « Hi Larsen 30 40
7.i2S I Bill Short (W. P. Magrane)... 109 1 ... 4n 6271 75 Helgesen .. 10 .0
7511 lUixelle (G. W. Wilson) 101 8 ... 0 9 8 183 Taylor ... 3 5
7491 jL. Greenwood (W. Cahlll). 101 2 .. . 3 h S 1 ' 0 9 McLaughln 8 12
Time— :24Vi. :49, 1:11 ft. At post 2 minutes. Off at 3:10. Alone, place 4; show, 2. Mo
presor. place, 8-5; show, 4-5. Herthus, show, C. Winner, b. f. by Reggie-Vlrjean.
Trained by G. Summers. Start good. Won al! driving hard. Alone ran with blinkers and
showed improvement. Away ncne too well, Mog-regor was best and should have won.
Herthus ran a good race. Baker from a slow beginning at one time looked a possible
winner. The Gadfly doesn't call for much. Bill Short no speed. Dlxelle is a "mudder."
7."i;:<J. FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; all ages; purse; value to first, J325.
Index I Horse and Owner. IWtlSt. %. ft. %. Sir. Fin. I Jockey. Op! ~CU
7518 Misty's Pride, 4 (S. J. Jones)[109i [2 ..'. 1 lftl lftl lftl n W Knapp. 8 15-2
(74M) Claude, 4 (M. J. Daly) 110| 3 ... 6 % 4 % .8 3 2 3 Dominick . 11-5 3-2
(o$!w) I Iridius. 4 (W. B. Jennings)... 11C 1 ... 2 ft 2 n 2 1 3 n W Davis.. 6 13
7464 Fossil, 4 (Parker & Twatte).. 113 4 ... 4 n 5 4 4 2 4 4 Bullman .. 11-5 14-5
74SD Padua. 3 (Molera & Josephs).. 1CS 5 ... 33 83 62 68 Helgesen 15 10
7517 jHead Dance. 2 (Henshall) 06 8 ... 8 10 6 n 6 n 6 2 Kunz 30 60
(tm9);Dr. Leggo. 2 (G. W. Wilson).. 100 9 ... 9 9 9 7h Taylor 30 60
7471 jAlbula. G (Lamasney Bros.).. 116 7 ... 7n 8 20 72 83 Minder 10 10
7498 [Indicate. 2 (Summers & Co.).. 103 6 .. . 6 \1 7 h 8 4 0 H. Michaels 100 200
Time — :24, :4S. 1:13ft. At post 4 minutes. Off at 3:40. Pride, place. 5-2; show 1. Claude,
place, 7-10; show, 1-3. Iridiue, show, 2. Winner, ch. m. by Handsome-Misty Morn.
Trained by S. J. Jones. Scratched— Rowe na. Squire Johnson. Start good. Won in a
hard drive of two. Third stopping. Winner had a world of speed and stood a hard
drive. Claude, outfooted the first part, closed strong under vigorous punishment. Iridius
will take some beating next time he enters the ring. Fossil shy of the necessary speed
to sprint. Padua can trim cheaper ones. Albula found the game too speedy.
7537. FIFTH RACE — Five and a half furlongs; 3-year-olds; selling: value to first, '"25.
Indexl Horse and Owner. IWtjSt. %. %I %. StrT~Fln. j Jockey. I Op. ~~CU
7477 (Silent Water (R. A. Smith). . .(102 1 .2 4 12 13 1 ns |Greenfleid~.'| 2-5 9-20
(75J9)lThe Lieutenant (H. Stover)... J107 , 2 ... 0 4 8 2 2 2V.2 4 |H Michaels 6 7
7515 Maxtress (Kronlck & Co.) 102 7 ... 4 2 4 n 4 Ift3 3 Travers . 15 15
7526 Instrument (Baird & Co.) 107 5 ... 3h 5 6 5 5 4 6 |W. Knapp. 10 15
7521 Ilsabutte (W. B. Jennings) 102 3 ... 1 n 2 Ift3 n 5 5 W. Davis . 6 i>
7528 Facts (J. Barker) ; ......!102 4 ... ; 7 3 0 2 6 4 6 5 Earnshaw. B0 100
|B. Dreyfuss (R. W. DeXeffe).. 10S 8 ... 8 8 72 76 Bullman .. 30 40
6897 ISalto (D. S. Fountain) 102 6 ... 6 n 7 ft 8 8 L. Fountain 30 40
Time — :24^i. :49%. l:0S. At post two minutes. Oft at 4:06. Water, place. 1-5- show out
Lieutenant, place. 1; show. 1-2. Maxtress, show, 6-6. Winner br f by Watercress-
Silent. Trained by R. A. Smith. Scratched— Harkn. Miss May Bowdish. Presidio Trap
setter, North West, Inspector Munro, Little Wally. Start good. Won In a hard drive of
two. Third driving. Winner given an early brush by Isabutte. Tb» Lieutenant
closed strong and would have won at 1 a trifle longer route. Maxtress well ridden did
fairly weil. Salto not ready.
7.138. SIXTH RACE — One mile and fifty yards; 3-year-olds and up; »eIllnB;.fir*t, $325.
Index! Horse and Owner. WtlSt. % . ftl 94- Str. Fin. | Jockey. I Op. ClI
7520~;Badly Used, 5 (Multnmh S).. 107 4 4 % 4 2ft3 ■ % 2 1 1 2ft HelgeseiTT 6 iTV
7522 iMeistersinger, 5 (Wright) 107 1 1^11 2 1 1 1^2 lft Kunz V 3 %
7513 .Homage. 6 (Stephsnson) 100 8 6162 5n5 Ift3 h W. Davis" 6 8
„ 7526 iMocorito, a (J. Ryan) 104 3 2 ft 2 % 1 h 4 2 4 1 McBride ' 6 7
*7506 Sugden. a (J. Sturgeon) 104 2 3 ft 3 h 4 Ift3 ft 5 6 Loague " 7 10
7529 J. V. Klrby, 5 (G. Strobel) 104 6 5 % 6 h 6 ft 6 3 « 4 H Michaels 5-^ 5-"
7516 :Mr. Farnum. 4 (G. Wilson).. 90772 78 7 10 7 15 7 20 Taylor 8 «
7470 iHermencla. a (W. Cahlll) 100 5 8 8 8 8 8 M'Laugh'n' ' 12 12
Time — :24ft. :49ft, 1:15. 1:42, 1:45. At post two minutes. Off at 4:29 V, BadTv ~\l^A
place. 9-5; show. 4-5. Metstersinger, place, 2; show. 1. Homage, show 8-5 Winner'
oh. g. by Torso-Marcie A. Trained by W. C. Vivell. Scratched— Molto Start rood'
AVon easily. Balance driving. Badly Used «s a great morningr glory and occasionally
visits the races. Meistersinger not game. Mocorlto quit. So did Sugden J V Klrbv
has evidently gone away back. ' *
HORSES WHICH
LOOK THE BEST
BY FRED E. MULHOLLOND.
. First race — Andvari, Ross
bourao, Herthus.
Second race — Allopath, Fly
ing Torpedo, Tannhauser.
Third race — Estella J, Smithy
Kane. Hooligan.
Fourth race — The Mighty,
Tocalaw, • Glendenning.
Fifth race — Mansard, Matt
Ilngan, Romaine.
Sixth race — Royalty, G. W.
Trahern, Major Mansir.
Racing at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS, Dec. 8. — Results of the
races:
First race, six furlongs — Nervator won, Wal
ter Duffy Eecond, June Collins third. Time,
1:21. - 1 f-
Second race, four and a half furlongs — York
shire Lad won. Prestige second, Lauros third.
Time. :59 4-5.
Third race, one mtle-^Lendin won. Arachne
seoond. Irene Mac third. Time, 1:52 3-5.
Fourth race, seven furlongs — Gus- Heidorn
won Garnish second, Ahola third. Time,
1 :3G' 2-5.
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth miles — Gas
lighter won. Lady Fonso second, Alcom R
third. Time. 1:58 3-5. . ..
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards —
Bountiful won, Extol second, Glendon third.
Time, 1:55 2-5. .,
WATCH CHARMS OF GOLD
FOR STANFORD PLiAYERS
Football in Miniature Given as a To
ken of Appreciation of Their
Services. '^' : Ji\\
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Dec. S.
The thirteen varsity men who played
football against California, Coaches
Lanagan and " Hauverman, Trainer
"Dad" Moulton and Treasurer R. W.
Barrett are to be given miniature gold
footballs in honor of their winning
the last Intercollegiate football cham
pionship of the coast. This gift is in
addition- to the regular varsity "S."
It is made so small that it can be
easily hung on a watch fob. On it is
inscribed the date of the game, the
score, the name of. the player and his
position on the team:
The men who were in" suits on the
sidelines at the big game were award
ed second team sweaters bearing the
black German "S" by the athletic
committee. The players who will re
ceive these sweaters are L. Bogie, J.
F. Brennan,- F. W. Haselwood, H. L.
Horton. J. G. NIssen, J. J. Monzingo,
A: B., Packard, A. E. Preston,' G. W.
Smith, J. N. Stanford, 'A. L. Trow
bridge, T. Van Sickle and S. B.
Thompson.
Any one knowing whereabouts of Jockey
J. Ii. Boyd and mother,- Mrs. Nellie Boyd
Brennan. please notify P. J.Brcnnan, Supt
House of Detention. . New Orleans, La.
Boy heir to estate of. Mrs. J. Li." Boyd. •
; BALL. BY FORESTEKS. — Court Sutro
Heights No. 130. Foresters or America will
give a grand ball in Scottish Hall to-morrow
night :
Crack Flyers
Start To- Day
A card of rare excellence is presented
at Oakland this afternoon. In the
fourth event Garnet Ferguson's crack
The Mighty, will meet Gtendenning,
Tocalaw, Amy J, Andrew B. Ccok, Pel
ham and other flyers. The day's en
tries:
yerr r oU ra «^ Fmuri i y course ' maIden tw °-
> - e . a . r _-°' ds . selling:, colts and geldings.
#!• Rpssbourne (Wright) ..:........, 106
-«? Sher T <B«rnett) 10«
?5JI ,^ n , Jose <w »8on) 101
iiH Calculate ( Blaslngame) . . KlO3
«gj J^arakln (McAlester) 106
7^5 He°r^u S S 7G& k ) eS M1Iler >- ••""^
74S0 A^'dv-rt °% " (EImw '°°<i Farn;) ' '. .' ! HlOl
-V2« ,~ na%a " (Knapp) 110
.473 Robert Mitchell (Summers) . .. '. '.'.'. ['. m
t^^r-Tdra O n'd e u^ 1I self,ni S€Venty ""**•
! :M^t,^ n f^a p a d%a & rm??:::::: S3
-?£> rOlla ( Bt!lk nap & Co. ) 1 02
■I 1 '?;! flying Torpedo (Ezell) in
te as dMe) i?s
™ : KZf»S )i:: " :::::::::::^
4s?!f C ? r^ Tolle blunder & Burns) ".'.■.■.105
~ta~, A p w h (L - an >asney Bros.) 107
-r?^ S a " ch ° (Garden City Stable) 103
Galanthus (Coffey) 107
-^« 'ConBtablf. (Stockton Stable) !;iO2
.510 Scherzo (Pueblo Stable) ...... ic«
pv™. rd race ~ Ls ! x two-year-olds.
7-150 Squire Johnson (Miller) ....110
75H ££,t Be ,« c , h (W1Is ° n > no
iDll Platt (Stevens) ..; no
( -^,' )G °^T n , Buck (Schorr) ......:: '.107
-£»•' J; ardlnal s arto (Summers) .110
2?f* ir crn Blossom (Rowell) ■. . . no
JSJ Salable (Blaslngame) ....". 107
i;S2 Phalanx (Moormead Farm) ..no
,-«mJ el i d ,. Dance (Henshall). ......... ....no
ilr« ?. m n th3 C Kan « (Ha » & Marshall) .10"
d4W!)Callaghan (Nealon) .„.. no
«™fe$ a J (j «»i»ngs) :;:.io:
(i4!iS)Lillltus (Haclcett) no
7525 Hooligan (Fountain) !!!lO7
,-£>^., race five furlongs, all ages, purse:
< -^- l)^L endennln * : (Hammond) 100
,551' ™ e Cure (Urlnkworth).. :.......... -..107
(.51S)The Mighty (Ferguson) 112
U.J!> Amy J (Jenning*).: 83
-k!« ?°^ r J l ark .........109
-ric A nd r? w a Cock (StanUeld & Ellis);. 112
10.S David Boland (Baird). ; 80
•-• Sagglttariufj (Glover).... ..M12
i524 \enator (Howell). nj)
-ii\? instructor (Needmore Stable) 107
(i525)Pelham (Henshal)). 94
Fifth race," six furlongs, three-year-olds and
up, selling: . ... . . ,'.*..
7510 "Inspector Munro . (Fox) 97
-ri°i t^?. 1 , 1 S?*, an (Magrane) .lft)
-™*" L -!. UIe Wa » v (Brinkworth) 103
7505 'Toupee (Clark) 94
—£ 7£r K - Condon. (E2ell) no
io31 'Romalne (Scharetg). ...110
-U,- «r en! i le 5 "(Barclay) 08
iSl « " , • Frar -k (Cameron) 104
i39cS Headwater (Allen) ...... ...... . . .".103
•Native (Stover)..... 9s
(7474)»Dora I (Ryan) .... . . . : .........!" 100
(7531)»Mansard (Keene & Co.) ... '. . .'. . . .'. ... 114
Sixth race, one and an, eighth miles, three
year-olds and up, polling:
7M2 »Whoa Bill: (Gilbert). 106
74<M »noyalty (Green) ......:......„..!.: 104
I*-™ t G- W< Trahern (Summers) 107
ISa ? I . l M or Mai "ir (Brlnkwcrth & Co.).. ..105
i'J- . ( - olon el Anderson ; (McLaughlln) . . . . .M(U
J7S2I Serenity . (Dayton & Co.). . . .'. . . .;;;.. . ■ 90
— ' ■■■ ■■■ ■ ■ fffffflli* friifltfTifnririTfi 11 t imiimwtii n i "■■ m
•Apprentice , allowance.
"HILDY" AGAIN
IN THE SADDLE
Star Rider Recovers From
Injuries Received .When
Hachmeister Fell Recently
DISPLAYS GRAND FORM
Lands Tim Payne a Winner
by a Head in a Desperate
Race With Golden Light
LOS ANGELES/ Dec. 8.— Jockey Hil
debrand resumed . riding at Ascot to
day for the first time since his bad fall
on Hachmeister last week." He piloted
two mounts to victory and was second
on two others. His rides on Tim Payne
and Jingler were the finest bits cf
horsemanship displayed at Ascot this
season. Three favorites won and the
other j three winners received substan
tial backing in the books. ' ■
The best race of the day was the
third, at seven furlongs. Tim Payne
ruled a red-hot favorite, with Ascetic,
Golden Light and Dolly Weithoff well
played. Nothing but a perfect ride
landed Payne winner by a head from
Golden Light" after a long stretch
struggle between the two. "Weithoff
was third. El Otros furnished the sur
prise of the day by winning the fifth
race at 8 and 10to 1 from Doctor C,
the favorite. Lanark at 6 to 1, beat
Mr. Robinson and Phyz in the order
named for the sixth race. Weather
clear: track good. Summary:
First race, five furlong?, selling — Sportsman,
105 (Kent). 5 to 1, won; Light of. Day, 100
(Hildebrand). 7 to 2, ■ Becond : Useful Lady, 105
(Moriarity), !» to 5, third. Time, 1:O!. Brook
dak;. Kins: Promise, Black Joe, liersain and
Miss Powell also ran. *
Second race, five and a half fruloncs, sell-
Ing — Miss Provo, 107 (Narvaez), 5 to 2. won;
Firm Foot. 112 (Passey), 30 to 1, second;
Chief Aloha. 112 (Tullett), 0 to 2. third. Time,
1:OS>4. James J. Corbett. Frlerllne, Princo
mont. Suave and Breton also ran.
Third. race, seven furlongs — Tim Payne, 108
(Hildebrand), 8 to 5, won; Golden Light. Id)
(McDaniels), 0 to 1, second; Dolly Weithoff.
100 (Kent). 8 to 1, third. Time, 1:27%; As
cetic also. ran.
Fourth race, mile and seventy yards sell-
Ing— Jingler. 100 (Hildebrand), 5 to 2, won;
Mataraon, 102 (B. Walsh), » to 2, second;
Anlrad, 90. (Miller). 30 to 1. third. Time,
1 :47. Bluerldee. Potrero Grande and Ulloa
also ran.
Fifth race,' Slauson course, selling— El
Otros. 10« (Lawrence), 8 to 1, won: Doctor
C, 102 (Hildebrand). 2 to 1. second: Tyrolean,
100 (McDaniels), 7 to. 2. thlra. -fime. 1:10%.
Cotllllom, Mart Gentry, Ralnh Reese and n.
L,. Johnston also ran.
Sixth race, mile and 6eventy yards, selling —
Lanark, »1 (McDaniels). 5 to 1 won; Mr.
Robinson, 98 (Clark), 5 to 1, second; Phyz,
102 (SinnotO. 8 to 1, third. Time. 1:47^.
Miracle II, July Gyp. Tomhawk and Pilot
also ran.
MOTORISTS WILL PARADE
IN HONOR OF OLDFIELD
Daring Driver in Ills Racine Car, Will
Pioneer the Way for Large
Number of Autos.
As a mark of honor to Barney Old
field, the king of automobile drivers,
the enthusiasts of this city will parade
to-night through the principal streets.
Oldfleld will pioneer the way in his
racing machine, the Green Dragon,
accompanied by Charles Burman in
his machine, the Blue Streak. It is
expected 150 of the big touring cars,
each with a full quota of passengers,
will help make ; the affair a pictur
esque spectacle. The participants
will assemble at Van Ness avenue and
Market street at 8 o'clock. /
Oldfield visited Ingleside race track
yesterday and offered some' sugges
tions to the persons preparing it for
the speed trials on Sunday. Oldfleld,
is sure he can negotiate a mile in 5o
seconds, which is in itself a thrilling
performance. He will make a strong
bid for the twenty-five mile record.
Janes Defeats Kenyon at Tennis.
The final match of the Thanksgiving
handicap singles tennis tournament
was played yesterday afteroon on the
California Club courts. The contest
ants were George Janes and Al Ken
yon. The former won in straight sets,
the score being C-3, 7-5. Janes was
"15" back of scratch, while Kenyon
was a like distance above scratch.
When these players met two weeks
ago each won two sets. They agreed
to play the match over, best two out
of three. Janes was too steady for
Kenyon, and carried off the honors
handily.
'$ One match was played in the con
tinuous tournament. In it Harry
Rolfe beat George Busch easily. The
score in Rolfe's^ favor was 6-3, 6-3.
Busch did not play as well as usual,
while Rolfe was at his best.
Champion Finnignn to Box Edwards.
Mechanics' Pavilion Annex will be
the scene of the padded mitt contests
to-night when the Bay City Club will
promote a series of six matches be
tween borers. The card is headed by
George Finnigan and Frank Edwards,
who meet at 112 pounds. Finnigan
is the 105-pound champion of the
world. Jim Kane and Joe Kelly will
fight at 125 pounds. Harry Riley and
Ed Biller are matched at 145. pounds.
Three preliminaries lead up to- these
feature bouts. Harry Sheridan meets
Fred Lavigne, Denny O'Connell boxes
Dave Raabe and Jim Bradley has Bill
Cairns to settle with. Milton Hayes
is to act as referee.
Score in the Six-Day Race.
NEW YORK, Dec. 9. — At 1 o'clock
this morning the two .leading teams,
Vanderstuyft and Stol and Root and
Dorlon. had covered 1653 miles and 5
laps. Gougoltz and Breton and Sam
uelson and Williams 1 were one lap
behind. The Keegan-Logan, Turville-
Mettling and Krebs-Folger teams
stood at 1653 miles 3 laps, and Dussol
and Masan, Palmer and Agraz, .Down
ing ; and Limberg had covered 1653
miles 2 laps and Sulkins and Roko
witz 1606 miles and S laps.
The record is 1882 miles 4 laps.
Attcll Outpoints Tommy Feltz.
• ST. LOUIS, Dec. 8. — Abe Attell of
San Francisco was given the decision
over Tommy Feltz of Savannah at the
end of their fifteen-round set-to to
night before the West End Club. The
contest was slow, and-Attell's narrow
margin was due to his inclination to
do most of the leading. Few blows
that had any force behind them were
larded. . .
Roche to -Referee Wrestling Bout.
• Billy Roche has been selected to ref
eree the wrestlingTrnatch between Tom
Jenkins ? and Buyazel, the Algerian.
Jack Carkeek, who is in this city, has
been promised a match with the win
ner.' ..'*■.'• •. . ■ , /
BURDETTE TO LECTURE.— Robert j/ Bur
dette will-give his lecture on "The Woman
With, the' Brocm" In the Y. M. C. A. audi
torium this evening. ■ -'■•■■-•■,- . •.
OVERALL SHOWS
IN GREAT FORM
Strikes Out . Thirteen of
the Angel Batsmen in the
First Game of the Series
JUNGLE KIDS 'SCORE
Fisher's Collection Hit
Gray Freely and He
Makes a Costly Error
LOS ANjGELES, Dec. 8.— Tacoma
took the first of the series of baseball
games for the championship played in
this city to-day by the score of 7 to 2.
Overall's pitching was the chief fea
ture, the Angels being unable to hit
when men were on bases. He struck
out thirteen men. Gray was hit rather
freely and besides made a costly error
in the first Inning, which was turned
into two runs by Tacoma. About 2500
people were In attendance. The score:
Los Angeles— Tacoma— '* '-'f
AB.R. H. P.A. AB.R. H. P.A.
rnrd « cf 4 0 0 1 1 Doyle, cf 3 1 1 0, 0
Flood, 2b 5 0 1 2 2 Shay, ss i 1 3 0 i
Hlland.U4 0 1 2 OShehn. 3b 4 2 2 10
wAk' ti 1 ° ° ~ 0>'r<lyk.lb 5 12 7 1
bmitn. 3b 4 1 1 3 0 M'Lgrn. If 4 O 0 1 0
Miase, lb 4 0 2 5 l!Raymr,2b 4 O 0 12
Toman, gat 0 0 X SiGraham.c 4 1 1 16 0
fcpies. c. 3 1 1 ll 2Hogan.rf 4 1110
Gray p. 2 0 0 0 4 Overall.p 4 0 0 0 1
'Brashear 1 0 0 0 0>
xEagar. .1 0 10 0 Totals 37 7 10 27 0
Total* 35 2 7 27 13
•Brashear batted for Toman In the ninth.
xEagar batted for Gray in the ninth.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles 0 0 O 0 0 1 0 0 1 2
Base hits 1 1 0 2 0 1 0 0 2—7
Tacoma 2 0 1 0 0 0 2 0 2—7
Base hJts 10 2 0 0 13 0 3—10
SUMMARY
Stolen base»— Hildebrand, Smith 2. Shay 2,
Sheehan, Nordyke, McLaughlin. Errors—Cra
vath, fcmlth. Toman 2. Gray. Nordyke, Overall
Two-base hits — Shay. Nordyke. First base on
errors— L03 Angeles 1. Tacoma 2. Left on
bases— Los Angeles 1, Tacoma 2. Cases on
balls — Off Gray 2. off Overall 5. Struck out
By Gray 6, by Overall 13. Time. 1:50. Um
pire — McDonald.
Officers Elected.
At the meeting of the Knights of
Columbus held Wednesday evening in
Golden Gate Hall the following of
ficers were elected: Neal Power,
grand knight; Frank T. Shea, deputy
grand knight; John Mulrenin, chan
cellor; Thomas F. Harney, recorder;
P. F. McCarthy, secretary; W. D.
O'Kane, treasurer; Thomas J. Welsh
lecturer; John O'Gara. advocate; D. J.
Sheehan, * warden; James R. Keith in
side guard; A. W. Dollard, outside
guard; E. L. Myricki trustee; Dr.
Maurice O'Connell. organist. The an
niversary ball will be given January
19.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, December 8.
Stmr Arcata, Macgenn, el hours from Coos
Bay.
Stmr Pasadena, Henrickson. 32 hours from
Eureka; us river direct.
Stmr Geo Loomls,. Bad?er. 60 hours from
Astoria. . . , ' , .' . , .
OUTSIDE BOUND IN— MIDNIGHT.
Schr Antelope. .
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ABERDEEN— Arrived Dec 8— Stmr Santa
Barbara, hence Dec 6; bktn Arago. from
South Bend.
Sailed Dec S — Stmr Newburg. for San Fran
cisco; stmr Coronado, for Redondo; schr Sailor
Boy, for San Francisco.
WINSLOW— Arrived Dec 8— Br ihip Engle
horn. from Seattle.
Sailed Dec 8— Br ship Dalealrnie, for Se
attle.
OCEAX STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Dec 8— Stmr La Tou
ralne. for Havre; etmr Pomeranian, for Glas
gow. •
NAPLES — Arrived Dec 8— Stmr Koentg Al
bert, from New York.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Dec 7— Stmr Cale
donian, for Boston.
QUEEXSTOWN— Sailed Dec 8— Stmr Ma
jestic, from Liverpool, for New York.
Arrived Dec 8 — Stmr Baltic, from New York.
HAVRE — Arrived Dec 8 — Stmr La Savoie,
from New "York.
McCarthy charged with murder.—
Michael McCarthy was charged yesterday by a
Coroner's Jury with the murder of his wife
Octavla, who died on December 5 from a re
volver bullet fired with criminal intent by her
husband. ,
LECTURE AT SOUTH PARK.— The last of
the course of free Illustrated lectures on Dante
will be given at the South Park Settlement
this evening. Joseph P. Chamberlain will
speak of Dante's character as shown in his
works.
PROFESSIONAL CLOCKER
Phone 1045 South.
San Francisco Office — 224 Parxott Building 1 (fifth floor), 835 Market ML
Oakland Branch — Boom 8, "Hawthorne," 1155% Washington St. \
.;\ My One-Best-Bet Yesterday
CLAUDE, II to 5, 2(1
BEATEN A NECK,
,- My "Next Best Bet" Yesterday
SILENT WATER, 9 to 10 Won.
' My One-Best-Bet Wednesday
ANANIAS, 7 to 5, Won,
My OnejBest-Bet to-day is a "pipe" at 4 to 1 or so.
MY ONE-BEST-BET TO-MORROW WILL BE A RIP-
SNQRTING 10 to 1 WINNER!
I prefer this mornins to give few particulars and little explanation of these two Intended
coups. Too much publicity won t help their price any, and Tve set to land a couple of Ion*
ones for my one-best-bet clients to-day and to-morrow to keep my Dromiae mad* earlv \n
the week; AND I'M NOT OVERLOOKING ANYTHING. Promise, made early la
TERMS: $2 Daily; $10 Weekly
My friends are requested to. send al! correspondence to my San Francftco headquarters
Out-of-town messages filed with the telegraph companies before to a ra TfS, ™™
subscription if out of town and an Immediate reply will be sent, llessi^- for toStf cltoSK
ready at my office at.ll:3t> a. m. Telephone your order ir urwb e to come In oeiWn »„ ?h»
message will be >ent to you sealed I C. O. D. by American Wstrict meSln«er bo^ m"L^
scr charge* collect- Phone South 1043. Oakland office for the awmm, "atlotTof 'Oakland^1
meJa, Berkeley and Emeryville clients only. Message ready at Oakland office at no*L
BRITT TRIES
ROUGH TACTICS
He Shows Great Speed, hut
Is Preparing- to Beat the
Dane at His Own Game
PRACTICING WRESTLING
The Californian Has Some
Strenuous Times on the
Mat With Charley Kreling
"Nelson Is only a human being. He
can be beaten down just like the rest
of them, and I think I am the man to
do the work. This talk about a tough
man is more rumor than anything
else. One man will tell you Nelson is
tough; another hears of it, and along
the line It goes. I admit he ia tough,
but there is always some one who can
put the finishing wallop on such a
chap."
This is the philosophy of Jimmy
Britt. He believes what he says and
is earnest when he utters such a state
ment. He has set his heart on con
quering the boxer whom every one ad
mits is the Hardesl one in the business
to wear down. He has faith In his
ability to leave the ring victorious
over the lad who made Corbett, Ca
nole, Herrera, Hanlon and Welch
strike their colors.
Britt is conditioning himself for a
severe fight. He is devoting most ot
his time to wrestling, tugging and
shoving men away in the clinches. He
has speed enough, but what he wants
to develop is ability to outrough a
rough man in the clinches and at the
same time send in a few punches that
will turn the tide of victory in his fa
vor.
His work yesterday was fast and
rough while it lasted. As usual he
took to the highways In the morning
and did a faithful jog of more than
ten miles. A plunge in the inviting
surf came next, then a rubdown.
luncheon and a nap that made him
come around fresh and full of energy
for his gymnasium work.
He started In by breaking the rope
of his punching bag. Then he hooked
up wfth Frank Rafael and during the
four rounds that ensued many telling
blows were struck by the champion.
He played for the body almost contin
ually, using his right and left in rap
id succession. A few times Rafael
was on the point of reclining on the
carpet, so fast and so steady was the
volley of wallops coming.
Britt paid particular attention to
the clinches and always made it a
point to rough it. He showed his
strength here and invariably came out
of the mixups much to the good and
always in position to shoot in another
punch. This sort of work seemed to
please the select attendance, though
there were a few who were thought
ful enough to make some comments
on how Britt really should fight.
"Tlv" Kreling next engaged Jimmy
in one long round of wrestling and
tugging. The pair squirmed and
struggled all over -the mat and
neither was willing to give an inch-
Little attention was paid to punching:
it was the wrestling and tugging that
held their attention. When this was
over Britt took another dip in the
ocean and then began to think about
his monologue turn, which he will
present to-day at the benefit for the
Theatrical Managers' Association.
Britt will do no gymnasium work
this afternoon.
Harry Sharpe of St. Louis will ref
eree the preliminary bouts on the
night of the Britt-Xelson engagement.
Mr. Sharpe officiated at all the box
ing championships in St. Louis this
year, Eugene Van Court of the
Olympic Club pronounces him one of
the cleverest referees he has ever seen
in the ring.
Nelson's forfeit of $2000 and the To
semite Club's forfeit of an equal amount
were posted last night with Harry Cor
bett. Britt is expected to post his to
day when he comes into town.
CHURCH CONCERT TO-NIGHT.— A concert
will be given this evening at Grace Methodist
Episcopal Church. Twenty-first and Capn
streets, by the Blanchard and Venter Concert
Company, consisting of Miss Carrie FVojs Sny
der, dramatic reader: Miss Margaret Bray
Best, soprano; Isabel Seal, violinist, and Mls«
Estelle Reynolds Drummond, planlsCCONTRACTS FOR THE NEW WHARVES
ARE SIGNED BY THE HARBOR BOARD
BuildersGive Bonds
for Performance
of Work.
Passenger on Liner
Newport Is Buried
at Sea
At yesterday's meeting of the State
Board of Harbor Commissioners the
contracts for the construction of the
new Pacific Mail wharves were signed
and the bonds of the contractors ap
proved and accepted. Healy. Tibbitts
& Co., who will build the wharves, put
up a bond for 5165.000, and the Holmes
Lime Company a bond for $25,000. The
Holmes Company will supply the ce
ment to be used in the construction of
the piers.
Work on these wharves will be begun
■without delay and the construction will
be carried to completion with all possi
ble dispatch. No wharves ever built at
this port were needed quite so badly as
piers 42 and 44, on which the Pacific
Mail Company within a year hopes to
be handling its growing business with
the Far East. One of the wharves will
»*» a -double decker and both will be so
Imilt and equipped that an enormous
•quantity of rreight can be handled
without the congestion which at pres
ent offers so serious a problem at this
part of the water front.
The Harbor Commissioners also
Fijrned contracts with Fllnn & Treaty
for paving the easterly half of Mont
gomery street, between Chestnut and
Francisco streets, and for filling In the
roadway between Vallejo and Green.
Front and Davis streets, repairing the
basalt block roadway and constructing
.a. concrete bulkhead adjoining the
tracks.
Maun & Wilson, who represent the
company with which the ferry depot
boilers are insured, rpr>orted that a re
cent inspection showed the boilers to
be in good condition.
Nothing Moro Heard of Schooner.
Anxiety for the well belns; or these aboard
the little schooner <~o<jue!!e > groming. She
left here October 22 tor Bandon. She was
*i*hte«J Xovroiber 30 flylnjt eigna'.F of di*tr**.»
and eh.nwinr rlgnr of having been severely
battered tn heavy weather. Th* steamer Whit
ney, attracted by the nignal. upoke the schooner
and supplied her with provisions. Nothing
more was h- :i: ; of the schooner until December
-. when she appeared off Bandon with her
flag at half must. Before she rould communi
cate with the shore a rale sprang up and the
CoQuelle vu driven to sea.
Newport at Spear Street.
The Pacific Mail Company's Panama liner
Newport. Captain Frank, which arrived
Wednesday night, was released frcm quaran
tine early yr>ierday morning ajid docked at
wharf.
:.'.-. Jonerh Thirion. a Meerage pa«?enrer,
rtl*ri on the Newport October 1M. six days aftT
ehe left hf-re, and was buried at eea. Drlnic
if said to have caused his drath. lie was :»t>
years old and a native cf Belgium.
The Newport brought forty passengers. 715
ton* of ctrgo and treasure valued at S11.540.
Among her jiawengers were the following: F.
A. Hazeltine. wife and two children; Dr. J. C.
O'lllln*. O. Mci-*!1 and wife, J. A. Hollman
and wife. XVi;iicni Taylor.
Summer Voyaire in Midwintei
The Oceanic Pteamrhlp Company ha* opened
a ticket office at a3 Market street for the liner
Mari^osa'e special midwinter trip to Tahiti.
Tbe Maripcta will rail from here December 31.
Amonit the paiif*ngf-rs will be a number of
Eastern society people to vvhem the idea of a
summer yachting trip in January suggested
itself as nomething wcrth trying for it* no\elty.
Within a ftw days' steaming from the Golden
•:;,-. the Mariposa will enter that part of the
Pacific wh»re nummer never lea.ves and to the
j-leceure of a i>erfect voyage will be added the
charm of the tropical Ule which has become
famous as one of the world's roost restful
Recovers Big Anchor.
Captain Dan James with the Ppreckels tug
Defiance >>tterday recovered a heavy anchcr
and about forty fathoms of chain oft the
Union Iron Work*. The wooden stock of the
anchor had retted away, indicating that the
mudhock had been at the bottom of the bay for
av long time.
Two New Overdues.
The Rriti»h bark Ventura, now out 113 days
from Pert Towneend for Sydney, was placed on
the overdue list yesterday at 10 per cent. The
German rhip Neek was also quoted for reinsur
ance at 3 5 per cent. She If out 27 days from
Yokohama for Port Towr.send. The other over
<\-jf* art quoted ir fellows: Pitcalrn Island.
ir. per cent; Shrewsbury. 65 per cent: Stork,
en per cent, and Edith Mary, 55 per cent.
Tug Monarch an OH Burner.
The tug Monarch, which has been converted
into an oil burner, had a trial trip yesterday
sftemoon. A house to accommodate twenty
two men '::».- been built on the Monarch's deck.
The tug will b« engaged In towing mud barges
on the San Pablo Bay. The mud digging
crews will have their quarter* en board the
tug.
Falls Into the Hold
J. H. Woodall. an apprentice on the British
ship Grenada, fell into that vessel's hold yes
terday, fractured his right ankle brui6ed his
back and sustained Internal Injuries. He was
taken to the Harbor Uctpital and later re
reeved to St. Mary-e Hospital.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
M&tters of Interest to .Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The British bark Dunreggan Is chartered fcr
flour from Portland to South Africa, British
ship Giaucu*. wheat from the same port, Ku
;•■ ; ' berk Kolliswood. arphalt from this port
to New Tork (lump sum): schooner Htlene,
i. ••-:■:■_:•■ from here to Honolulu.
Exports for Caroline Islands.
Tfte German schooner Karl and Ella sailed
yesterday for Ponape, Caroline Islands, with
a small cargo valued at $2^29, and including
the fallowing: 7755 lbs bread, 123 ce canned
Kuoda, 29 ca 8 half i 1 > salmon. 13 pkgf> pota
toes and onion*. 10S0 lbs sugar. 2 tbls beer,
100 lb« mea!s. 26 pkgs groceries and provis
ions. & half : (..« beef. &00 lbs <-a!t. 24<J lbs
lard. 1 lil>l flour. 2 c* chocolate, 1 c« mineral
water, 10.CCS M lumber. 6 bdls nhingles. 6 cs
hoots and shoes, 2 tale? duck. 2 cs drug*. 2
bales twine. 2 bam iron. 3 cs nails. 14 bale*
dry roods, 4 pkgs miJl work. 1 bx soap.
A Cargo for HIJo.
The tchocner W. II. Marston sailed yesterday
for HU& with a general merchandise cargo,
valued et $^7,<.1O. Tl;e following were the
principal >•'.:; r- • r.i^ :
4&0 bbls flour. 344S clt» barley, 187 clU
wUeat. :07 cits oat*. 13 ctl« com. 15.4S3 lbs
beans. 33.4S:i lbs middlings. 14J4 bales hay
127. Mil Un bran. 13.2S7 gals 20 cs win* 25
eakk* beer. 2 ca liquors. «s pkgu paste. 210 pkgs
potatoes. 24 r-kgs cnior.s. 30 pkgs groc-rirs and
provision*. 2SD r-n canned goods. 34 pkes table
preparatlr*!*, 7C22 Ib* «c« bread. 1^5 OOO lb»
rice. M3 Ibe crieet-e. OU3O lbs lard. W tltrs *re«h
fruits. 3110 lbs 5 CS codfifh. 6401 lbs sugaV 5
cr. choco'-ate, 11 « ol!v«s oil, 5o bbls 1 cs sal
mon. 1478 lbs ham and bacon. 'j'Myj ft lumbe-
S54 bXf soap. 44 plccs dry goc-d*. GCo lbs to
bacco. & cs clearrttes. 3 bales duck, 8 roll,
leather. 540 cs ooal oil. & pkgs paper. 50 bdl*
4S bars «U*1. 13 bdls 4S1 ban iron 0 bdls
brooznc 25 tins matches. 31 colls rone 12 ca
boot* and shoe*. 27 pkjc» wagon material
18.524 Ibe fertiliser, 1C bdls tank material 30
pkee paints and cils. Z3 cs gaeollne. I'OO.OOO* lb»
cement, 25 boxs candles.
Notice to Mariner?.
POINT DUME. CAL.
CUst cf lights. Buoy* and Daymarks, Pacific
Ct»n. 1904, page 14.)
ftfeUc* is hereby riven that Point Dume
whlstlinj buoy, pained red and marktd "Pt.
Inime" in black about one-«juarter of a mile
S. by E.. three-fourths K. from Point Dume,
sea coast of California, which recently went
adrift, was replaced in its old position De
cerrber 8.
PAN PABLO BAT. CAU.
(List cf Lights, Buoys and Daymarks. Pacifio
Coast. 1!X>4. page 26.)
Notice is hereby given that lower mid
channel bell buoy. San Pablo Bay, Val.. has
b?en dragged about one and one-haJf miles
northeaet of Its proper position. It will be
replaced as soon as practicable.
By l^-t of the Lighthouse Board.
W. P. DAT.
Commander. L". S. N.. Inspector Twelfth
Lighthouse District.
Moverr.cnts of Steamers.
TO A.RRIVE.
Steamer. From. | Due.
San Pedro.... j Humboldt |Dec. 9
Cbehaiis. ; San Pedro Dec. 9
Titania j Oyster Harbor |Dec. 9
Cer.tralla | Pan Pedro (Dec. 9
Mackinaw Taeoma {Dec 9
Homer Grays Harbor |Dfc. 10
Czarina Coo» Bay !Dec. 10
< Coos Bay .San Pedro & Way Pts. Dec. 10
Columbia Portland & Astoria |Dec. 10
Vanguard ! San Pedro IDec. 10
Alaskan [New Tork via S. Diego.jDec. 11
Del None 'Crescent City |Dec. U,
Newburg j Grays Harbtr jDec. 11
G. Lindauer. . j Grays Harbor !Dec. 11
Arctic ; Hun-boldt .... . JDee. 11
Wyefield [Oyrter Harbor !Dec. 12
Chas. Nelson. ,' 8an Pedro [Dec. 12
State of Cal. ..! Pan Diego & Way Pts.jDec. 12
Rainier Seattle & Belllntjham. .:Dec. 12
<i. Dollar Grays Harbor ..|Dec. 12
Ventura Sydney & Wa* Ports.;Dec. 12
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports |D«c. 1^
Jeanie Seattle & Taeoma .... Dec. 12
Eureka ; Humboldt Dec. 12
Norwood ! Ban Pedro Dec. 12
Northland | Portland & Astoria Dec. 13
Nebraskan... [New Tork via S. Diego Dec. 13
Minnesota | Norfolk via Coronel IDec. 13
Menes Seattle IDec. 13
Pomo Point Arena & Alblon.|Dec. 13
NorthFork... Humboldt |D«-c. 13
Corona Humboldt [Dec. 13
An-ata Cocs Bay |D«c. 14
Bonita Newport & Way PortslDec. 14
K. A. Kilburn- Portland & Coos Bay.iDec. 14
Breakwater. . .) Coos Bay J |d*c. 14 I
Sant* Rnea...' San Diego & Way Pts.lDer. 15
Point Arena.. Mendocino £ Pt. Arena (Dec. 45
Argo Eel River Ports 'Dec. 15
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria. ... IDec. 15
B.Barbara Grays Harbor [Dec. 15
City Peking.. New Tork via Ancon..!Dec. 16
Mongolia China &. Japan !Dec. 17
M.S. Dollar.. China ft Japan IDec. 17
Queen Puget Sound Ports |Dec. 17
Neko Hamburg & Way PtsJDec. 19
TO BAIL.
Steamer. | Destination. | Sall«.j Pier.
December 9. | |
Montara Seattle direct ....I 4 pmiPler SI
Arcata Coos Bay direct... .[12 mjPler 13 .
Elizabeth... Coqullle River ....I 5 pmJPier 20
Centralla... Grays Harbor ....I 4 pm Pier 10
Corona Humboldt ll:30p|Pler 9
Bonita Nem-port & Way..| 9 amlPier 11
Eureka Humboldt i U ami Pier 13
December 10. I I
Sequoia Wlllapa Harbor ...|12 m!Pier i*0
Cliehalis.... Grays Harbor 4 pm|Pler 2
Breakwater. Coos Bay direct... 5 |jm;Pler 8
Point Arena Point Arena 4 pmiPler 2
Argo. ...... Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pkr 2
Aurella Astoria & Portland 4 pm Pier 27
Alameda... Honolulu 11 an: Pier 7
City Sydney N. T. via Ancon..)12 m Pier 40
Vanguard... Humboldt I I Pier 27
December 11. | |
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. ill am|Pier 9
E. Rosa £an Diego A Way.) 9 am;Pi*r 11
i December 13. | |
C. Nelson... Astoria & Pcrtlandlll amjPier 20 ,
San Pedro. . Humboldt | 4 pmlPfer 2
Czarina Coos Bay direct... & pmiPler 8
Pomona.... Humboldt l:3<»p|Pi*r B
Norwood ' Seattle direct 4 pmlPler 2
I December 13. j j
Coos Bay..-! Ban Pedro & Way.. I 9 amjPier 11
Columbia... Astoria & Portland. 11 am'l'lor 24
Gaelic China 4 Japan 11 pm Pier 40
Nevadan... Hono. & Kahulut..] |Pier 23
Homer Grays Harbor I 'Pier —
December 14. | |
Arctic. Humboldt j 9 am!Pler 2
December 15. |
State of Cal ; San Dlcga & Way. 9 amlPier 11
Pcn-.o i Pt. Arena & Albion « pm'pier 2
G. Dollar... Grays Harbor -.... 4 prniPjvr lu
Newburg...! Grays Harbor .... 4 pmJPier 10
G. Ltndauer I Grayc Harbor 4 pm'Pler 10
December 16. | |
Rainier j Seattle & Bllnghm 4 pm!Pler 10
Cmatilta... Puget Sound Ports. 11 amjPier 9
Jeanle | Seattle & Taeoma. S pm|Pier 20
December 17. 1 |
Menes Hamburg 4c Way.. 112 mlPier 19
SanMateo.. Cent. Araer. Ports. | |P!cr
N. Fork.... Humboldt I 9 amlPier 20
Siberia China & Japan ( 1 pm Pier 40
Newport N. T. via Ancon..l2 mi Pier 40
F. Kilburn.. Portland & Way..' Ipier
December 18. | |
G. W. Elder Aftcria & Portlandlll am Pier 21
December 31. 1 ]
Queen Puget Sound Ports. Ill am Pier 9
"~ fr6m~seattle^
Steamer, Destination. I Halls.
Port'aniJ. :... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts'Dee. 10
Humboldt Skagway & Way Ports. ! Dec. 13
Farallon Pkagway & Way Ports. Dee. 14
Alkl Skagway & Way Porte. Dec, 15
gsnta Clara. ■■< Seldovla A Way Ports. Dec. 18
Sun. Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE — Tbe high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 23
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the came at both places.
FRIDAY. DECEMBER 9. \
Bun rises 7:14
Sun eet« 4:50
Moon seta 7:33 p. m.
O iTlm'tl ITlme Ttmel iTlmel
• I ] Ft. Ft. ] Ft. ) Ft.
f |H W| |L W H XV| • JL W
9 1:43 4.816:12 3.0 12:17 B.5 7:181—0.7
10 2:30 4.8 7:02 3.1 1:03 5.2 7:67—0.1
11- «:1R 4.8 8:00 U.l 1:50 4.6 8:42 0.2
12 4:0tt* 4.9 9:10 3.1 2:46 4.2 9:24 0.6
13 4:50 6.0 10:25 3.01 3:47 3.7)10:07 1.1
14 8:30 8.0111 :37| 2S| 6:00 3.3|10:&6 1.6
NOTE — In the above exposition of the ■ tides
the earljr morning tides are given In tbe left
hand column and the successive .tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1904.
SCHOONER COQUELLE WHICH IS
HAVING A HARD TIME TRYING
TO REACH BANDON.,
fourth time column gives the lant tide of the
day, except when there are DUt three tid?8. as
sometimes occur*. The heights given are, In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charte. except when a minus < — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
'given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
o* th» lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Franclrco, Cal.,
"* December 8. 1904.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
I e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. in. Greenwleh time./ J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U. 8. N.. In charge.
SHIPPINGS INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED
Thursday, December 8.
Stmr Aurelia. Ericsson, 09 hours from As
toria.
Stmr Samoa. Madsen. 37 hours from Re
dondo.
Stmr Breakwater, Seaman. 34 hours from
Coos Bay.
Stmr Point Arena, Miller, 12 hour.- from
Point Arena.
Stmr Francis II Leggett, Relners, 34 hours
from Sen Pedro.
Stmr Whitesboro, Frederickson. 14 hours
from Point Arena.
Stmr South Coast. Olstn. 16 hours from
Caspar.
Stmr Cella, Relnerteen, IS hours from Al
blcn.
Stmr Elizabeth. Jensen. 46 hours from Co
qullle River. .
Stmr Anro, Dunham, 34 hours from Eel
River. .
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander 41 hours from
San Diego and way norts.
Stmr Phoenix, Odland, 26 hours from
Eureka. - '/"•■-
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. IS hours from Monterey.
Stmr Nevadan, Greene. 0 days 11 hours and
54 minutes from Kahulul.
Stmr Maggie. Whitney, 4 hours from Half
mocn Bay.
Schr Ida A-. Camobell. 5 hours from Point
Reyes.
Schr Marlon. To^fer, 28 days from Grays
Harbor.
CLEARED.
Thursday, December 8.
Schr Karl and Ella, Beguhl, Ponapl, Caro
line Island?: I. E. Thayer.
Schr \V H Marston. Gove. Hilo; WAlch & Co.
SAILED.
Thursday. December 8.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, Kan Di
ego and way ports.
Ptmr G W Elder. Randall. Portland.
Stmr Maggie. Whitney, Halfmoon Bay.
Btmr Chlco. Martin. Coqullle River.
Stmr Westport. Swanson, Westport.
Htmr Meteor. Goiightly. Seattle.
Stmr Alcazar. Winkel. Greenwood.
Stmr Samoa, Madsen. Cappar.
Stmr Empire, Burtlu, Coos Bay.
Stmr North Fork.' Nelson. Eureka.
Stmr Pomo. Ahlln. Albicn River.
Stmr Santa Monica, Olsen, Grays Harbor..
Bchr Volant. Skipper. Grays Harbor.
Bchr W H Martton. Gove. Hilo.
Schr Ensign. A»?lund. Grays Harbor.
Schr Karl and Ella, Beguhl, Ponapl. Caro
line Islands. " ; •' \
SPOKEN.
Nov 21 — Lat » N. long 2S W, Br ship Wen
dur, from llambunr, for Santa Roealla.
TELEGRAPHIC. V /. -
POINT LOBOS, Dec 8, 10 n m— Weather
hazy; wind NE; wind six miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— Sailed Dec 7— Bktn Amaranth,
for Callao.
BELLINGHAM — Sailed Dec 7— Stmr Shasta,
for San Francisco; bktn James Tuft, for Syd
ney. Dec b— Stmr Rainier, for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Dec 8— Stmr Marsh
field, tor Hardy Creek.
Arrived Dec 8 — Stmr James 8 HIgglns, hence
De= 7: stmr Brunswick, hence Dec 7.
HAKDT CREEK— Arrived Dec 8 — Stmr
Marshfleld, from Fort Brag*?.
SKATTL.E— Arrived Dec 8— Stmr Farallon,
from Skatway.
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived Dec 8— Ger stmr
Menep. from Comox.
EUREKA— Arrived Dec 8— Stmr Arctic
herice Dec 7.
Sailed Dec 8— Stmr W H Krusrer. for San
Francisco: stror San Pedro, for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Sailed Dec 8— Stmr Columbia,
for San Francisco; schr J M Weather wax. for
San Francisco; stmr Alliance, for Coos Bay.
Sailed Dec 8 — Stmr Aberdeen, for San Fran
cisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Deo 8— Stmr
Olympic, hence Dec 5.
Bailed Dec 6 — Stror Newburg, for Ban Fran
cisco: stmr G C Llndauer, for San Francisco;
etmr Coronado, for San Francisco; schr Metha
Nel*on. for Hilo.
Arrived Dec 8— Stror Santa Barbara, hence
Dec 8.
TATOOSH— Passed In Deo 8 — Stmr Queen,
hence Dec 6 for Victoria and Puget Sound
ports.
Paesfcd out Dec 8 — U 8 stmr Columbine, for
lighthouse stations along Washington coast;
bktn Amaranth, for Callao; «tmr Rainier, from
Seattle, for San Francisco.
Passed In Dec 8 — Ship Abner Coburn, hence
Nov 20 for Port Blakeley.
COOS BAT — Arrived Dec 8— Stmr Csarlna,
hence Dec 8. • -
UMPQUA — Arrived Dec . 7 — Stmr Ban Ga
briel, from San Pedro.\
8OUTH BEND— Sailed Dec 8 — Bktn Arago.
for Grays Harbor. . ■ . .
BOWENB LANDING — Sailed Dec 8 — Stmr
Scotia, for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Dec 8— Stmr Nor
wood, henc« Dec 6; irttnr Vanguard, from Port
Loa Angeles; «unr Coos Bay, hence Dec 5, via
way ports. < ; , ,
Sailed Dec 8 — Bktn John C Meyer, for Ev
erett; schr Advent, for Coos , Bay; : stmr Cen
tralia. for; San Francisco; stmr Coos Bay, for
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 8—5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for the previous day:
Cincinnati 42-3tf' Philadelphia 3S-30
Boston SS-28 Washington 38-30
Jacksonville tW-44iNew Tork 36-30
St. Louis 52-40 Plttsburg 38-82
Chicago 30-30 Honolulu, H. I..78-64
New Orleans 56-44'
SAN FRANCISCO 5tf-4H
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of the same date
last eeaFon and the rainfall in the last twen
ty-four hours:
Last This Last
Stations. 24 Hours. Season. Season.'
Eureka O.OO 9.05 14.21
Red Bluff 0.C0 10.70 8.45
Sacramento 0.00 7.50 3.56
San Francisco 0.00 h.fH) 4.42
Fresno 0.00 5.06 0.68 .
Independence 0.00 0.45 0.42 '
San Luis Obispo.. 0-00 4.75 0.50
Los Angeles 0.00 1.48 0.43
San Diego 0.00 0.23 0.0"
THE COAST RECORD. *
STATIONS. | |5-Sf |f 5~ =
- —_ 3 A ' 1
Baker 30.14 42 28 NW Cloudy .00
Carson ." .30.10 54 18 N Pt.CW.y .00
Eureka 30.02 62 40 8 Cloudy .00
Fresno ...:. .3i>.14 60 30 .... Clear .00
S. E. Farallou.3u.4O.ft7. SO NB -Cloudy .00
Flagstaff ....20.04 44 24 SW Pt.Cldy .01
Pocatello 3(1.10 44 12 SW Clear .00
Independence .30.10. 56 24 SE Clear .00
Los Angeles..30.10 72 48 W Clear .00
Mt Tamalpais.30.13 55 42 SW Cloudy .00
North Head. .23.f»3 5O 42 E Cloudy
Phoentx ..*:..30.06 56 46 E Cloudy .24
Point Reyes. .30.08 38 tW) N Cloudy .0(1
Portland 30.04 44 38 E Cloudy .02
Red Bluff 80.14 50 36 SE Cloudy .fo
Roeeburg 30.00 60 40 NW Cloudy T
Sacramento ..30.14 56 34 NE Cloudy .Ort
Salt Lake 30.12 4« 22 NW Cloudy .00
San Francisco.30.14 56 46 N Cloudy .00
S L. ObUpo..30.10 ftS 42 W Clear .00
San Diego 30.08 68 52 SW Clear .00
Seattle 30.04 50 34 NE Cloudy .12
Spokane 30.20 S4 26 NE Cloudy .01
Tatooah 20.94 4S 46 E Cloudv 02
Walla Walla.30.20 32 26 E Cloudy .00
Wlnnemucca .30.14 52 24 SW Clear . .00
Tuma 30.02 72 52 8 Clear .10
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure is falling steadily on the north
ern coast and conditions are becoming more
favorable for rain from San Francisco north
ward.
Showers are reported In Arizona.
Throughout California the temperatures are
abo-it normal.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hour*, ending midnight. December »:
California, north of Tehachapl—Cloudy Fri
day, probably rain; fresh south winds.
California, south of Tehachapl —Cloudy Fri
day; unsettled at night; light northeast winds,
changing to southerly.
Nevada —Cloudy Friday.
San Franclaco and vicinity —Cloudy Friday,
probably raJn; fresh south winds.
Los Angeles and vicinity —Fair Friday,
cloudy at night; light northeast winds, chang
lr£ to southerly.
Sacramento —Cloudy Friday; probably rain;
fresh southerly winds.
Fresno —Cloudy Friday; light south winds.
A. G. McADIE, District Forecaster.
►>—. : :
San Francisco, via way port*; schr Alice Mc-
Donald, for Eureka-
SAN DIEGO —To nail Dec 0—Stmr Alaskan.
for San Francisco.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU—Sailed Dec 8—Stmr Sonoma,
for Sydney; bark Kalulani. for San Francisco.
FOREIGN POUT8.
' BRISBANE —Arrived Dec 5 —Br stmr Mlo
wera. from Vancouver.
COLON —Arrived Dec 6^-Stmr Seguranca,
from Now Tork.
CORONEL —Arrived Nov 22 —Br otmr
Tropic, from New York (coaled).
GIBRALTAR —Passed - Dec 7 —Br stmr
Oanfa. from Taeoma. for Liverpool.
ALGIERS—Sailed Dec 2—Ger stmr Sev
erus, for Manila.
CALLAO—Sailed Nov 22—Br ship Clan
Mackenzie, for .
MOJI—Arrived Nov 22—Br stmr Arden
cralg, from Hongkong pec 1; stmr Texan,
from Seattle.
Sailed Dec 7—Br stmr Crusader, for San
Francisco. . .
PORT SAID —Arrived Nov 23 —Br stmr
Peleus. from- Glafgow, for Seattle.
VALPARAISO—Sailed Nov 17—Br ship Aus
trasla. for nitrate uorta.-.. » ..';
GUATMAS—Arrived Oct SO—Ger bark See
stern, from Hamburg. .
In port Nov 20—Ger bark Seestern, for Port
Townsend.
Memoranda.
Per schr Marlon, . from Grays Harbor Dec
8 — Had succession ■ of SE gale« for twenty
days; lout no cargo.
Per atmr Nevadan, from Kahulul Dec 8 —
Had strong southerly winds the entire passage
up. . ' . ■
SANTIAGO DK CHILE. Dec 7— Br stmr
Cumbal, from New York, for Valparaiso, foun
dered near Straits of Magellan. Crew saved
by Cfcll cruiser Pinto.
To Partition- Bic Estate.
The Kate Johnson Estate Company,
ten of Its shareholders and the Mary's
Help Hospital yesterday gued for a
partition of extensive realty holdings
among the Johnson heirs.. The suit is
directed against Clara Turnbull and a
score of others whose interests are not
included in the corporation. It is said
that no person has been authorized by
all br a majority of the owners to take
charge of the property, an.d It is nec
essary that a receiver be appointed.
The court is. asked to determine the
various interests and order, a partition
in conformity thereto.* The lands'con
sist ; of lots in this city and ; acreage
valued at more than $150,000 in Ala
meda, Sonoma, Santa . Clara; San Ma
teo, San Bernardino and San r Benito
counties. ; Edgar; M. Wilson and Pow
ell & Dow are attorneys for the com
pany, and. Garret McEnerney repre
sents the hospital.
SAFER VESSELS
FOR ALL HANDS
Navy's Inspection .Protects
the Owners, Crews and
Passengers of Steam Craft
TEST ],IFE PRESERVERS
Water-Tight Compartments
Suggested for Ferries
on the Trans-Bay Route
The lesson of the Slocum disaster in
New York harbor last summer has
been a bitter one, but it has borne an
aftermath of good results. Some months
ago the Secretary of the Navy author,
ized a general inspection of passenger
craft plying in American waters and in
the foreign trade. Retired officers of
the navy were requested to aid in this
important work, and for the Paclflc
Coast district Rear Admiral Louis
Kempff, retired, was detailed to collect
da!ta that will be valuable in determin
ing what is best for passenger and
shipowner.
The investigation is by no means a
sensational effort to place the blame
for "lack of life-saving facilities," says
the. admiral, but a businesslike inquiry
for the betterment of the passenger
service of steamshiping. The investi
gation so far as the port of San Fran
cisco is concerned is nearly at an end,
but there are all the northern and
southern ports to visit and a large fleet
of vessels in each to inspect. Admiral
Kempff has inspected about eighty-five
vessels of all sizes in San Francisco
harbor, including the ferry-boats that
ply between this city and the east bay
side. The inspection, generally speak
ing, has been very satisfactory, and the
only recommendation that the admiral
at present feels necessary to impress
upon owners is that it would be well to
divide the hulls of the boats into
watertight compartments and to line
certain parts of the vessels with sheet
iron to protect them against possible
flre originating in the carelessness of
crews.
Admiral Kempff has instituted a
practical test of life-preservers used on
passenger steamers. At the Appraiser's
building he has floated several pre
servers in a tank with weights at
tached to determine the effect of water
upon the cork or tule "fillings." Fire
drills have been tried out with crews
of bay and ocean vessels, and the hose
used on shipboard has been subjected
to rigid examination.
Admiral Kempff and the inspectors
of hulls and boilers think that the plan
inaugurated will result in great benefit
to the merchant marine service. In ail
the inspection districts of the country
rimilar inspections have been cavri*.d
cut by naval officers, who, like Admiral
Kempff. are thoroughly equipped iv.
natural intelligence and techi-ical
knowledge of the work they have un
dertaken, which will bring about ex
celient results.
SECURES ALTERNATIVE WRIT.— The Su
preme Court has granted an alternative writ
of prohibition in favor of Joseph Rebstok,
who wishes Judge Lawlor restrained from fur
ther action in the election frauds case In which
the petitioner Is defendant. n?b3tock claims
the Superior Court has no jurisdiction In the
caso. since he was compelled to testify against
himself at the Gra"ftd Jury Investigation. The
Suprem* Court will hear the arguments Mon
day. ." f v -.
STATEMENTS
OF THE CONDITION AMD AFFAIRS OF THE
SPRINGFIELD FIRE and
MAKINt
INSURANCE COMPANY
GF SPRINGFIELD. IN THE STATE OF
Mabsachusetts. on the 31st day of Decem-
ber. A. D. 1003. and for the year endtnic on
that day. ts niade to the Insurance Commls-
tloner of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash $2.000.000 CO
Real Estate owned by Company $227,000 00
Loans on Bonds and MorUages 354,500 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks '-,:,'
and Bond* owned by Company... 4,638.144 00
Amount of Leans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral.. 14,875 00
Cssh in Company's Office 2.048 20
Cash in Banks 391.514 0V
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 33,856 8<
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mcrt&ages 13,740 63
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
Rents due and accrued 010 59
Total Assets * $6,400,450 59
. , IJI -
LIABILITIES. ~~
Loweii adjusted and unpaid $79,023 84
Losses In process cf Adjustment or
in Suspense 124.093 81
Losses resisted. Including expenses 28.436 43
Grow premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning: one year or leas, $2,338,-
0S7 26: reinsurance 5O per cent.. 1.169,043 63
Gross Premiums on Fire Risks nin-
ninsr more than one year. $2,413.-
27i 21 ; reinsurance pro rata 1,260,414 40
Commissions and [Brokerage due
and to become due 127.048 44
' . ;,•:',. — ! i__
Total Liabilities $2.788.060 65
INCOME.
Vet cash actually received for Fire
premiums $3,205,161 02
Received ?or Interest on Bond ands
Mortgage* 27.74153
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bond*. Stocks. Loans, and .
from all other sources 177.€63 31
Received for Rents 5,851 73
Total Income. .'. $3.416,417 70
EXPENDITURES. ~
Net amount P«'.d for Fire Losses
.(including r.(W,42«72. losses of e f
previous years) "•£&&£
Dividends to Stockholders -500,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 606.642 43
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 143,410 67
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes • ••• 123,16258
All other payments and expendl-
I ures .«••».* •»••««.««..««.«..«"-* 304, 134 *3
Total Expenditures $2,038,792 94+
Fire.
LoDflft Incurred during the year... $1.551.200 84
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Xet amount of Risks I
written during the I
Jear . . ....•• • . .... $361,050,862 $4,424,088 7« j
Net amount of Risks
expired during the I
y«if • S16.273.651 3.873,512 68 1
Net amount In force I
December 31, 1903.. 415,628.844 | 4.751.36147
Al W. DAMON. President.'*"
W. J. MACKAT. Secietary.
Subscribed and sworn to before, me. this 25th
day of January. 1904.
* ' PERCY S. GATES, Notary Public
LOUIS' L. JANES CO.
HAYWARD BUILDING
CITY (SAN FRANCISCO) AGENTS.
PACIFIC OB PAETMEHT:
BOOMS 306-310 HA YWAXtD UX2.D-VO
BAIT 7BANCZ8C0, CAL.
GEO ,. DORNIN, Manager
GEO. W. DOKWIW. Asa*. Mana-rcx. JS O. C DOBJTiar, 3d Asst. Manager.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Real"
Economy
for a Fact..
This is the n^me of
a gas range with .
elevated oven and
. broiler. It don't break
your back to bake or
roast.
Can be purchased for
, $ 25.00
Connected ready for use.
- From—
THE GAS COMPANY
415 Post. St.
■* t tiwwnnri' ■■■■ — ' """^^twp^
{) visit DR. JORDAN'S great J
dSSUSEUH OF ANATOMY*
A Ch 1351 lUSni 87. tet tUTX t.T.Zil A
\ Cf Th* Larrnt Anateakal HaMoa in tbt \
0 _gpk_ World. WoUueste* «r aay cnatractfd A
X. ff£5 *&f dlieve P»»iH»fl7 e»r»4 My tht oldfll T
O l&Ml Opeoalhtea ta« Coik. Eiljtyean. Q
A li'S^i/h OH. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ rf{j2tf5|J C'jnmiltatioo fre« »nd iitlrti; prir«te. \
Q n Jl5V D TrMiment p*r-on»iiy or br Isttcr. A Q
\ K M M W '•"«•»• Otrt in :ve:y c»«und.rt«kea. T
n&l! llV W,. te for Book. rniLe«OPB¥ «f >
V » I |lv ntuiiuer, mailbo frii. uf
V CD. JOUDAJi Jt tO.. lOSt Market Xt.S. F. 9
P "__ '~_ ~ 1 '" 1 Tfc t"" 1 *l> \i \s "JL tj
Always Remember tbe Full Ji§mo
laxative ftromo Quinine
Ceres a Cold la One Day, Crlpta 2 Days
JB /?7/ £f enevery
P. SS^fCZrznn.** box. 85c
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
GU9 K EAR XX ST. Kstablhhwl
In 1U4 for the treatment of Private
Di-.f-H.es. l^.st MkiitKJo.1. Debility or
'INess" 'vearlnKon hodyaml mind artfl
■*ktn DNnaws. The Doctor cures when
others fait. Try him. fharjf^* low.
4'nrr* snnrnnlrrd. Cullorwriie.
Or. JT. r. OIBBVX. San Frar-^isco. Cal
E j
NATIONAL FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
|-»F HARTFORD. IN THE STATE OF CON-
on the 31st day of December,
A. D. 1903. and for the year ending on that
day. as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the
provisions of Sections 610 afftKeil of the '
Political Code, condensed as perNblank fur- |
nished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash $1,000,000 00
ASSETS. |
Real Estate owned by Company... $.154.S55 23
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 617,715 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bends owned by Company.. • 733.228 00 j
Cash in Company's Office 1,199 90;
Cash in Banks 335,579 00'
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tlon . 371.726 0» I
Total Assets $6,464,304 C6 ■
LIABILITIES^ ~~~
Lo«se» adjusted «nd unpaid $81,921 77
Losses in process of Adjustment
or In Suspense 233.895 34
Losses resisted. Including expenses. 35^293 CO
Gross premiums on Fire Rliks run- i
nlng on» year or less. $2,931,-
£19 57; reinsurance 50 per cent.. 1.465.909 79
Grcss premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one y«r <i $t.2t>3 i -
952 73; reinsurance pA rata 1.6SS.633 93
Special reserve 50.000 00
1 *.-.■'■.<:■ __________
Total Liabilities $3,621,663 S3
INCOME..
Net cash actually received for
Fire premiums ..'.'. $3,979,101 45
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 29.623 16
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans and ,
f rcrr, all other sources J. 204.247 23
Received for Rents 13,273 21
Total Income $4,231,247 04
EXPENDITURES. ~
Net amount raid for Fire Lasses
(including $279,725 22. lasses of
previous years) $2,020,273 13
Dividends to Stockholders 120.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage ..'..... 753.339 IS
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. . 299,883 7.1
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 139.138 53
All other payments and expendl-
' Jures ;.. 339,052 99
Total Expenditures $3.«21.739 30
Losses Incurred during the year. .$2,063,962 S3
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year '.. $486,612,055 $5,763.952 56
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 493,009.790 B. 233,451 20
Net amount in force
December 31. 1903. 570.4.S5.46S 6.227.772 30
JAMES NICHOLS. President.
B. R. STILLMAN. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this
11th day of January. 1904.
FRED B. SETMOUR. Notary Public.
CITY AGSNCY: *
AHPEL & BRUCKMAN
i 215 Sansome- Street
■ ; . •
ADVEKTISE3IENTS.
UNITED STATE3 BRANCH
STATETVVEINT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
CALEDONIAN INSURANCE
COMPANY
' f\ T En^IXBURGH. In th« Klnsdora of Crmt /
vf Britain, on th* 31st day of December. A.
; D. 1903. and for tbe year end'.ne on thai day,
i as 'made to the Insurance Commissioner of th»
1 State of California, pursuant to the provisions
! of sections «1O and 611 of the Political Cod*.
I condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
i missloner.
i ASSETS.
I Real Estate owned by Company. . $433,137 18
• Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. . 9*7.800 00
i Caah In Company's Office- 158 1O
i Cash In Banks 1S*»3S 73
■ Interest due and accrued on all
Stccks and Loans 12.443 5S
1 Premiums In due Course of Col-
! lection 128.B25 SO
! Bills receivable, not Matured.
taken for Fire and Marine Risks SB7 03
i Due from other Companies for Re-
I Insurance on losses already paid A23 <H
i Due from other Companies 3. 90S 61
\ Total Assets $1,784.333 51
LIABILITIES. ""
ILomm adjusted and unpeld JM.R41 4-»
, Losses tn process of Adjustment or
In Suipense B7.19* 63
! Losses resisted. Including- expenses 6,421 38
Gross premiums on Fire Risk.' mn-
nlna- ons year cr less. $770.-
8C1 31: reinsurance 50 per cent.. 5S3.400 «3
Gtcp* premiums on Fire Risks run-
nlnjr more than one year, $?74.-
991 22; reinsurance pro rata.... 4R2.44* 19
All other Liabilities 29.813 .VI
Total Liabilities $992,722 OS
=====
INCOME.
Net caeh actually received for
Fire premiums $1,065,371 14
Received for Interest and dividends
I on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources SB. 727 <V»
Received for Rents 22.6a? 25
Total Income $1.124.7fi4 W
EXPENDITURES. '■
Net amount rmld fnr Fire Losses
; (including ?101.4W 00. losses of
! p'" ev '° U9 years> $350,439 M
i Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 24H.3S!) .W
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 92,312 f"S
Paid for State. National and Local
. taxes 23.3OO «rt
All other payments and expendi-
tures 6fl.851 1O
ToUl Expenditure* $361,313 13
Loases Incurred darinr the year.. $.Vi0.«rtS K7
Rl*k.< and Premiums. IFire Risks. I Premiums. -
Net amount of Rinks | '
written durlnr the! !
year '$133.093.32«:$1.47«.S37 3T
Net amount of Rlwksl I
expired durlnj the! !
j-ear I 13O.OS3.72«! 1.443. W3 «7
Net s mount In force! !
December 31. 1003.. | 137.ro«.72O! l.M\7S2 3.1
~~ CHAR. H. POST. r. 8. Manager.
N. A. McNEIL. Assistant Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this
26th day of January. 1904.
H. E v FRANCK.
THOS. J. CONROY. M?nag?r.
GEO. W. BROOKS, isst. Manager.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.
323 California Street
San Praaciico.
i Balfour, Guthrie i. Co., Pacific Coast Directors
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
ROCHESTER GERMAN
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF ROCHESTER. IN THE? STATE OF NEW
York, on the 31st day of December, a. D.
1903, and for the year ending on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and «11 of the Political Code.
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
la Cash $200,00000
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company... $267.S10 0l
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.... 353,317 10
Cash Market Value cf all Stocks
and Bond* Owned by Company.. &U.525 OO
Cash in Company's Office • ~ l.«««t»
Cash In Banks '. 201.20« US
Interest due and accrued on all
i Stocks and Loans 7.1S7 50
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages i 8,233 fJ
Premiums In due Course of Ccl-
lMUon 122,61383
i Total Assets $1.608.88871
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and uth>u..! $15,312 '-''
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense .' 50,8.» 2t
. Losses resisted, including expenses •' 1-. 4 '■'• J ■»
! Gross premium* on Fire ftlsks run-
ning one year cr less, $733.- .
I 80S IS: reinsurance 30 per cent.. 36ti.»40 CO
| Orc»!> premiums on Fir* Risks run-
ning more than one year. .$t;:» :. •
: 843 ZS: reinsurance pro rata 3SS.S12 53
1 Commissions and Brokerage due
and to become due 543 31
Total Liabilities $S£i.COt 1)1
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $1.029.S7C Zi
! Received for Interest on BcnJa and
Mortgages I7.3«l «'
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources 2*1072 •"'•
Received fcr Itents.... l-"i.»:si - *
Total Income .$1.CS3.«)1 : 1
EXPENDITURES.
Net ameunt paid for Fire Loisesdn-
cludinjc 571.207 27. losses of pre-
vious year?)..... 1 1-.">. :>'.">• *
Dividends to Stockholders S&CcO »«*
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 301.133 • I
Paid for Salaries. Fees> and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 30.513 iH
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 2S.150 1 1
All other payments and expendi-
tures Will
Total Expenditures $'.»C.7r3.l
■- • . Flr«.
LOSSES incurred, during the year. ..$422,301! :;3
Risks and Premiums.] Fire Risks. I Premiums.
Net amount of Risks' ■
written during ihe| '
year J110.«=D.2»0 41.477.409 23
Net amount of Risk*'
expired during thej
year f 03.363.803 1.23S.lSAv>
.Net amount in force]
December 31. 1903.. I 117.CC0.J2S t.t27.7104*
FREDERICK COOK. President.
H. F. ATWOOD. Secretary-
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this " : 1
day of January. 1804.
EDWARD H. GEHRKE, Notary Public
THOS. J. eONROY, Manager.
6E). W. BROOKS, /sst. Manager.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.
323 California Street
8as rrancisco.
Baifasr. Guthrie & Co., Pacific Coast Oinctors
MEHMDW0ME5,
tiBSTta 1^o S *»T^H dUrhaT«9i.lnfl»maation«.
jmsSjy O uiui«« ll irritations or nlcoratlooi
flflbjr i»i » tuiaizn. of mnooai membrsnea,
IVHI rr**m* TMU«wa. PftinlMi, and not iitrln*
ffTltTHt ET«$CHEM!CAlC8. tmt or poi»onouf.
ldg« CI!d«)UTI,0.1W3 ««•«* b 7 Drorit«uv
U, a. a, 5*^i aT ** at la plain wrapper,
PTCT^b. b» «xpren«. prepaid, tan
WyBmS&JSJl&L&B *l-00. or 3 bottUs S3.7&.
m circular feet oa naosrti
\A/. X. HESS.
Votary Pnbllc and Attoraey-at-lATr.
T*nth Floor. Room 1013. Claus SpreckeU Wdj.
Teleohone Main 9SX
Residence. 1902 McAllister St.
i M Residence TalephoM Pag» SftiU
1112
THE 4ggftDL
JOHN' D. SPRECKELS.... Proprietor
Address Communications to
JOHN McXAUGHT. Manager
\V. J. MAIiTlX Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
A*k for THE CALL. The Operator Will Coo-
nect Tou With the Department You Wish.
Publication Office Market and Third, S. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered by Carriers, 20 Ct». Per Week. 75
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cts. ;
Terms by Mail. Including Postage (Cash With
Order.) : /„ IT
DAILY CALL Onclud. Sunday). 1 year. ..$800
DAILY CALL (Includ Sunday). 6 roo»... 4.0?
DAILY CALL— By Single Month JJ=
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year f&O
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year : 1 °°
FOREIGN' f Dally. . .$8.80 Per Year Extra
POP-rir p \ Fundty. 4.15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. I Weekly. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS. ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Cample Ccples Will Be Forwarded When
Requested.
JlUU subscribers In ordering change of ad-
£reM should be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS. In order to Insure a
prorr.pt and correct compliance with their re-
cccat
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1016 Broadway Telephone Main 1053
BERKELEY OFFICE:
JUS Center Street Telephone- North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
SAMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
WaJflorf. Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31
rclon £c.uare: Murray Hill Hotel: Fifth-avenue
Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
therr^an House- P. O. News Company: Great
Northern Hotel; Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Marquette Building.
(Lent; Diftance. Telephone. "Central 261».">
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
•TEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YOHK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON Herald S<juare
BrPINESS OFFICE of the Sat Francisco Call,
corner Market and Third streets : open until
12 o'clock every r.ijht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
I00S Market etreet. opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. m.
§27 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
P:80 p. m.
too Hsyes street: cpen until »:30 p. m.
»35> McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m.
*3f. Larkln street: open until 9:30 p. m.
XM1 Visclon street; open until 10 p. ra.
H« Eleventh etreet: oper. until 9 p. m.
JCW Valencia street: cpen until 3 p. m.
Ncrtbfrast corner Church and Duncan streets;
L*.<W untU 9 p. tn.
tTOO Fr.Imore street: open until 9 p. tn.
aaxETrgq notices.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. K. <6 JL^
T., Masonic Temple. Stated assembly n f*
THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING at 7:30. IfJ
Order of Red Cross. All fraters nC'
courteously invited.
CHAS. M. PLUM. Commander.
L A. LARFEX. Recorder Pro Tern.
LA PAHFAITE Union Lodge No. 17. •
F. and A. M.— Called m~Urig rRI-VV
PAY. December 0. 1904. it $ p. tn. /V\
First Degree. By order of the W. M.
;V r - P. ST. JL'LLIEN. Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 13n] F. and A. ro -
M.. win meet THIS EVENING at VV
7:30 o'clock. First degree. /V\
GEORGE PEXLINGTON. Sec ' /
APOLLO Lodge No. 123. I. O. O. m^xjo.
F— Third degree THIS <FTU-i3fliiaBK5e.
DAT) NIGHT a- <* o'clock. Yi«--_*g<£>..V?5
ltors cordially invited. J^*X*'ff^
ARTHUR BEHREND, N. G.
W. F. NOP.CROSS, Rec. Sec.
CALIFORNIA Lodce No. 1, K. of P.. .<*•
meets THIS "FRIDAY) EVENING VJjSS^
at S o'clock. Pioneer Building. 24 7&j§
4th st. Knight rank amplified. ifi^Sc
Gr*Tid K. of R. & S. H. SCHAFF-
NER will be pr»s«>nt. Vlsltcr* cordially tn-
vited. F. O. MOLL, C. C.
R. N. McLENNAN. K. of R. and S.
MISSION Ceunctl No. 101". t^nsggg— »s.
National T'r.Ur.. meets «y~^
THIS FP.IDAY. at 8 *"Q>
p. m. Initiation and
electicn of officer*.
W. A. HARGEAR. Secretary,
f AN YV..KV-r\^<-r> -7>rt N-> 1«. /^!^V
K O T M. — Review THIS fSl^—-^o\
<FRIDAYt EVENING at S O5i £> t>SS
c'clo-k. Pioneer Hall, 24 &frf *fjl
Fourth st. fj£i'*-^v27
D. B. RICHARDS.
Record Keeper.
ATTOBSTETS-AT-I.AW.
A. FRAUDULENT divorce Is cear aT~$12 and
Is no rood; Jor 22 years I've male divorces
• tpecSalty; quick; quiet; no money needed;
tc psy unless divorce is granted; perfectly
rtllable; lowest fees; advice free; collections
tr.»fle G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market et.
-CONSULTATION free, private and confiden-
tial: business legally and promptly trans-
acted: collections, rTiechanics' liens, probate,
tenants eje<rtf-d: I»-gaI papers drawn: loans
on real estate: saf*. siund Investments hish
rates interest. W. MATTHEWS. C32 Market.
R. TV. KING. Attorney-at-law. Exam, bldg .
Cth floor; entrance rocfci 611; established 26
>ears: ail courts, gfneral court and office
practice; no fe«*s In advance or for consulta-
tlon: eveninrr by appointment. Tel. Red 3001.
AA— Divorce: costs $12; <ju:ck.qulet;adrlce free;
■ 11 law busiresa; no cr>arge unless succesv
tu!; cpen evenings. 927 Market St.. room 20L
CONSULTATION free, private, confld-ntial;
business locally, promptly and • > nerR*.tically
transacted. W. Matthews. C32 Market, room 23.
ADVICE fr«re: divorce costs $12; no fees or
<-ctt6 !n advance; all law business- office
tpen Saturday #-vcnings. 813 Market St.. r. 33.
JOHN GUTDEB.Y. ettcrney-at-law rooms .1
gsa<4. 24!^ Montgomery «t : !>hone" Red 6017.
X.. S. CLARK. I»?7 Market, room 301; consulta"-
t'.r.n free; no fe<» in advance: open evening*.
A J^?5l£? 2IlES '
A GOOD barraln Tor any person wanting an
automobile mating f.nir; nearly if good as
«»•<*•; *t.!endid running car; gasoline. n<jx
2M<J, Call office.
CADILLAC Automobile, 1W)4. for eale, $GO0
A«**r^s box 11:15 Call office.
CTXIU:.
El NOLA'S Asthma P.em*rty relieves 'instantly ;
10c, 25r. CCc. 1CC2 Market. St Nlcholmj :
«lw Wishart. ICth and Washington. Oakland.
•_ BTJSHTESSjCKAKCES.
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Lddy st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
For sale — Several sood business propositions '
f°r investors, such as clpar stor*». groceries
and bars, bakeries, furnishing goods, mer-
chandise, county hotel*. restaurants and
many other l<rupo«!tions too numerous to
mention; would 1-* :>!eased to have you oall '
and inei)ect our Ust. CAMERON & CO.. 3
Eddy et.
—^— • t
Tor sale— First-class bazaar and clear bust-
nets : Al location, long lease, cheap rent,
fixtures and store up-to-date, established 17
Effert: fine new stock cf goods; has never
landed hand*; now clearins S--S50 and over
-r month; b<~t.t recscn for sellinp: an op-
Jrtunity of a lifetime; «<-e CAMERON & CO.
sale— Well-furnished and equipped coun-
V hotel; 5a rooms; rent only $ir>0; 10-year
aoe-; newly painted and renovated through-
it; about &0 miles from S. F. ; fine, grow-
ig towij; present owner made fortune and
ant« to retire. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy,
sale — One of the best hay, train, feed,
ocd and coal yards. S. F. : cheap rent;
•r""3 and waKcn*. well equipped: present
rn«?r retiring from rt-tall business: guaran-
»-d to cltar about f5Oc> per month: books
wn for Inspection. CAMERON &. CO.
hangea made In all kinds of real estate,
xjmtng-boufte and business chances. CAM-
RON it CO., 3 IJddy et.
«sle— WcJI located cyclery: rent $125; 3-
-•■T lease; cell, rent and repair all kinds of
cycles; carries full supplies; agency best
*hH &n market; does business of $1500 to
li"«'t per month; goods at Invoice. CAM-
KHOX It CO.
Flnrt-rlars. aaloon downtown: 2 blocks
from Market St.: rent $75; well fitted up:
receipts HH to f23 per day; must be. sold
rm mr(*min nt other business; price $1000.
CAMERON A CO,
COMMIMIO* su.re, with fixtures, scales,
trucks, «•!<*., for sale; with 3 year*' leasei
price very reasonable. Apply at 320 Davis
»t . srar Wafthlnclon; a guod large place.
BTJSIHXS3 CHASCE3— Continued.
A — $400; CHICKEN ranch in Sonoma County;
horse, wagon, cow; rent $7 per month; tools
and furniture. Call R. G. WILKE, 26H
Keamy st.
$S50 — CORNER saloon on Fourth St.. rent $25
daily receipts about $15;' good business; own-
er must sacrifice, as he has to leave the city.
R. G. WILKE. 20H Kearny st. .
5750 — HALF Interest In manufacturing busi-
ness; estb. Iti -years; partner can clear $150
easily; investigate; rare chance. See R. G.
WILKE. 26»/j Kearny st. " '
PRICE 51100— Wood, coal, hay and grain yard;
a long-established business; 2 horses and 3
wasons; rent only $25; rare chance. See R.
G. WILKE. 20 H Kearny st.
A — J2yoO; CORNER grocery and bar on Va-
lencia St.; lease; old established and good
paying business; investigate: a rare chance.
See H. G. WILKE. 2«fr Kearny at.
A— $300; BRANCH bakery and delicatessen
store, with 3 nicely furnished rooms: rent
515: a good paying business. See R. G.
WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— $1200; ROADHOUSE. living rooms; rent
$15; no opposition; very best location; about
8 miles from city. See R. G. WILKE, 26}4
Kearny st.
A— $600; ROADHOUSE; 6 years' lease; rent
$20; best location on Colma road. See R. G.
WILKE. 26}, Kearny st.
A— fSSOO; HARDWAB.E store, corner; ranges,
household supplies, paints, oils, gas fixtures,
etc.; 4 years' lease; location the very best;
value In eight; owner to retire to private
life; a splendid chance. Call R. G. WILKE.
26% Kearny et. - - ' .
A— «1600: GROCERY and bar, with 21 furnished
rooms; 2 blocks south of Call building; rent
$71; kept by present owner 10 years; a good
business. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A — $3250; HALF Interest In manufacturing
business; established many years and doing a
flrst-class paying business; stock and ma-
chinery with invoice; the price a rare and
good offer. Call on R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny Et.
A— $2200; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon
in Stockton: rent $53: the leading place of
Its kind in Stockton; all particulars. R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $900; BAKERY, with 3 llvltg rooms and
kitchen: rent $20; all store trade; cash re-
ceipts about $10 per day. Particulars R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $2350; COAL, wood, hay and grain busi-
ness; 3 horses, 3 wagons: net rent $34;
place established years; very best loca-
tion; a good cash business. See R- G.
WILKE. 2ti% Kearr.y st.
A— $900: BUTCHER shop and vegetable mar-
ket on Polk st.; lease; living rooms; owner
must leave for Europe to settle estate; a
rare chance. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $800; CORNER saloon in wholesale dis-
trict; no night or Sunday work; saloon es-
tab. 20 years and known as a good busi-
ness. See R. G. WILKE. 26%. Kearny st.
A— $2000; CORNEJJ saloon^ with lease, in
wholesale district; a good business; owner to
leave th« city cause of sale; a rare chance.
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st,
A— $4000; CIGAR stand on Market St.. vicin-
ity Powell »t.; 2% years' lease; must be
seld at once: owner to leave city for the
East. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $2450; CORNER grocery and bar; 5 years'
lease; rent $40; store doing a large cash busl.
ness; location can't be beat; value In sight.
S*c R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny e-t.
A— $5.VX»; SALOON; about 1 block from Phelan
bulldinr; •..-■; rent $125; lease: stock will in-
voice about $1200; a Rood paying place; In-
vestigate at once; rare chance. R. O.
WILKE. 26% Kearny s>t.
A— $2600: COFFEE saloon and restaurant: 1
block from Examiner building; place estab-
lished years; doing a flrst-class business;
about $70 per day. Particulars se« R. G.
_\VILKE. 20% Kearny st.
A— $300; CORNER saloon, with cigar stand,
en Fourth st. : living rooms; rent $30; lease;
a good paying place; bargain. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny nt.
A— $1500; OLD-ESTABLISHED commission
store, dairy produce, etc. ; must be sold at
once en account of death; very rare chance,
as business is known for 28 years as a good
reliable house. R. O. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— ${000: CORNER grocery and bar; few blockt
south of Market- st.; net rent $90; lease 4
years: average monthly receipts $1100; value
In sight. See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— $2C30; HOTEL cf 30 rooms; rent $100; lease;
with first-class paying saloon In manufactur-
ing town across the bay; a good paying buel-
ne«. Sec R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $750; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
fancy grocery; 4 nice living rooms: rent $23;
daily receipts about $20: best location north
of Market. Call R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny.
A— 43500; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
et. ; rent $00; living rooms; stock will In-
voice about ?2£C0: a well established and
first-class paying business. See R, G.
WILKE. 26% Keamy st.
A— $7C0O; BAKERY; one of the best in this
city; monthly tales $C000; 12 horses. 5 wag.
on*; location the very be»t; not all cash
necessary. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— «-3T.0; DAIRY, produce and delicatessen
etcre; 5 rooms; rent $25: best location Va-
lencia st. Call R. G. WILKE. 2C% Kearny.
F. A. BROOKBANK.
BUSINESS AGENT.
817 Market wt., between Fifth and Sixth.
PARTNER for old-estab. express and transfer
business; hortes, wagon?, harness, everything
complete-; party must be able to attend office;
-, will guarantee S75 monthly; $of,0 cash re-
quired. Full particulars with BROOKBAXK.
GROCERY and bar: Al location; fine fixtures;
Rood ftock; receipts $'-5 to $."0; cash register;
two biB rooms; rent $-'io; price $1500. See
r.ROOKBANK.
WE have a client who wishes to associate him-
self with a Fob«-r. Industrious man who can
invest t"M and services: he will give interest
in business clearing $200 month; references
exchanged. S<e BROGKUANK.
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
If you wlrti to buy or sell property of any de-
scription do not fail to cail upon us; we may
hav* Just what you want to buy or a pur-
chaser for just what you want to eell.
J W. JAQUITH & CO..
1312 Market «..
Rooms 41S.419. Telephone Folsom 3468.
UNION BUSINESS EXCHANGE. 903 Market.
•>• Bargains'. Bargains! Snaps'. Snaps'.
$2200 — Lodjring-house; 20 rms. ; money-maker.
$5<ki — Lodxing-house; - 14 rooms; a snap.
$l('<xi — Saloon on-Clay st. ; good stock.
P>12CU — Bakery. mMjj-am, coffee par. ;country.
F4."(i — Delicacy Ftore;: Ellis st.; a bargain.
Wn» ether bargains; call us:tel. Folsom 3022.
STEADY man wanted as. partner; plain, light :
work: small capital required; sure profit of
$7."i to* each per month; owner is a practical
worki!i«?man. COMMERCIAL INVESTMENT
CO.. «Ti2 Market «t.~
$10<K) — CIGAR store; Market Et. ; bargain.
- $'jli<>0 — Cu«=tcm shoe store.
fjtAttt — Grocery and bar; big trade.
$1201) — Gents' furnishing goods: country.
BTAKKAKJ3 INVESTMENT CO.. l.il Montg.
WANTED — A few gentlemen to Join present
member.-! of a firm engaged In the conduct
cf cents' furnishing and tailoring establish-
ment: object being to extend busine&s which 1
is psyins well. Box 8783. Call office.
$200 WITH tervlccs secures to, a reliable,
steady man permanent place that pays $&3
monthly the year around; light, pleasant
work; Call 1027% Market St.. room 2.
$10C<) — F1RPT-CLASS country barber shop foi
Eale; an Al opportunity for an Al shaver;
others let alone; 2 weeks' trial. For par-*!
ticulars address box lO'-iS, Call.
WE incorporate and float stock companies; we
handle unlisted securities: loans negotiated.
HORATIO GILBERT & CO., Ellicott suuare
Buffalo.
$550— ESTABLISHED printing business and
plant; mus* be sold; Investigate. Address
box 2817. Call office.
$5000 — PARTNER In rooming-house; central; '
$500 monthly protits. Principal, box 2801,
Call office.
MUST sell; go!ng East; candy and cigar store
bet. 2 R. R. stations and 2 schools; good loc.
delicacies; snap. l'.iOO Shattuck av., Berkeley. 1
FOR eale cheap — Cflrj^nter's jobbing shop,
with machines and power complete; down-
town location; cheap rent. Box 1231, Call.
$1850— DELICATESSEN store for sale; large
stcck; new fixtures: clears $150 per . month
Address box 1599. Call office.
$2000— LIQUOR store and side bar; gocd trade-
big stock: lease. Apply 714 Folsom st. '
SALOON for sale: doing a good business- low
rent. Inquire 1M0 Leavenwcrth et.
%"OR SALE — A well paying oyster house: must
be sold: trouble between partners. 5O 7th st. .
CIGAR stand: good corner location; must sell
this week; cheap. 328 Fourth St.',. 4 ;-•
FIRST-CLASS saloon for sale; no agents. 222
McAllister, st.
A SUPERIOR bakery, delicacy, variety; pays
well; no comp. ; Illness; rent $10. 2236 Polk.
GOOD meat market for sale; experience not
necessary Box 1115. Call office.
SALOON for sale.v cheap; good location; 83S
Broadway; established 20 years. ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 0, 1904,
BPSTJTESJ3 CHA1TCES— Oontlnnaa.
SALOON for sale at 825 Montgomery St.; must
be eold on account of sickness. .
FOR sale — A small grocery and bar. Apply at
1S08 Fifteenth St.. cor of Dolores.,
AN old-established butcher • shop I for sale In
Western Addition. Box ■ 13D5. Call \ office.
FOR sale — Saloon and 15 finished rooms,
with 3 years' lease. 210 and 212 East at.
ROUTE 12. San Francisco Call, for sals. Ap-
ply San Francisco Call office. ' , ■ .
MARION GRIFFINJ
406 Hearst bldg.. over "Examiner" entrance,
corner 3d and Market sts. Tel. Black 3607.
Hotels and rooming-houses for sale. Free list.
We furnish abstracts free & guarantee titles.
ULTRA - FASH- HIGH - CLASS
IONABLE prt- a p a r t m e nt
vato hotel that house,
clears $295 mo. — 66 rooms —
A new build- —$3000—
Ing, beautifully House partly
furnished In furnished with
mahogany and extra fine fur-
velvet carpets. nlshings. Rent
All new six $5 per room; 5-
months ago. year lease. A
Price cultured lady or
— $4500 — Gentleman
Will exchang* should make the
for an apart- house ; . clear
ment house. monthly
EXCLUSIVELY PRICE ...$3000
WITH ™ ITH
MARION MARION
GRIFFIN. GRIFFIN.
MAKE us an of- GREAT GUNS!
fer before. Dec Only $400 . for
Bth. 18-room NE.
— 40 rooms — - corner house,
nr. Hyde and north of Mar-
Eutter. Reduced ket Rent $30.
to $3U00. Rent If you are a
1160. Clears sober, industri-
$175, guaran- cus .person we
teed. It's a b!g will lend you
opening for % of purchase
some one, as price. Always
owner la deter- remember that
mined to vlair ue guarantee
Alaska. the title.
WITH WITH
MARION MARION
GRIFFIN. GRIFFIN.
$300 DOWN anl f1^ * ENT '«
$700 in Uttl. $ r< M m r S ket n . Ort^
payments takes °JL Ma r*«. J
a nice. quiet ™° ms ™ted
15-room house. £ r maj) , ent ' y I «
near Ellis and prlce * 4W *>;
Van Ness ave.; ?. ""« states
cause, sickneta; " lat »*>« month,
profit monthly with l S * 2C0 -
, V *,TH MARION
MAPJON GRIFFIN.
GRIFFIN. ~
"^ZZ. NORTH of Mar-
SOUTH of Mar. 23 ket r oo a msT n8 flrst
profit $70; rent — ALSO—
only A?^,S_ " rooms : « n »P-
— ALSO — — Price S4D<i—
30 room,. $1800; Rent ?30; Vroflt
1-3 down; profit, $50 ..-■"
$90; rent only $55. —ALSO—
— ALSO — io roorn -
IS rooms. $600. all —Price $1500—
cash; profit $90; -ALTO-^
reIU o ri y «^ 48 - — U rooms—
on. T,c~. —Price $500—
39 rooms. $1SOO.- , —Income $90—
ft.« d0Wn; prOflt — ALSO—
f"°: reI " on'/ —33 rooms—.
1 Aisn— r-Prlce $2000—
12 rc^W. all CUt _ d S °3 W 5So- fr ° m
cash; profit $47; Profit $141 month-
rent only $30. ] y; , t , s eminently
42 r^mf °73000. w7 T H P * Ctable -
Vi down; profit MARION
$174; rent oaly GRIFFIN.
$125. • _^^_^
WITH -- -
MARION ; t_
GRIFFIN. ;^:V WE _ wm _ geU
~^^ to any business
v man or woman
r $7000 roora-
LARGE house. Ing house for
larger profit. $.X00O cash and
largest bargain; $2000 on time.
fc5 large rooms; It Is brand new
profit over $300. building, . with
Price only $6000. modern convenl-
Rent only $375. " ences. Profit
Every room, hall $250 monthly,
and stairway Bocks may ba
expensively tur- examined,
rished. Lease House is well
lor four years. arranged; most-
It's one of the 1>* single rooms
honest houses. for business
EXCLUSIVELY men. See my
WITH agent.
MARION MARION
GRIFFLN. GRIFFIN.
$S00, 14 rooms, rewly furnished; cost. $1800;
right downtown; see this at once.
MARION GRIFFIN.
A — CAMERON & CO., , Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds Business Chances.
You can't beat this beautifully furnished.
100- room, downtown house; carpets, furniture
and draperies of the very best; electric lights,
steam heat; In fact, everything modern and up
to date; long lease; cheap rent; owner leaving
• city.
Look this up; here Is a chance to get fine
little home, combined with business; you can
live rent free and make some money besides;
this houte of » rooms, rent only $32 50; fine lo-
cation on California St.; well furnished; some
new carpets, newly painted and papered; every-
thing in fine condition; piano and sewing ma-
chine goes; price only $G50.
Here Is 14 rooms: Vaa Ness; furnished in oak
and mahogany: good carpets; all full; clearing
nice little salary every month; It Is yours at
$C00. >
We have a 9-rcom flat, new. modern build-
Ing, sumptuously furnished; carpets cost $3 00
per yard; beds cost $100 each; hair matresses
cost $'J5 each; new S months; actual cost to
furnish. $5000; must go East and will take
$2700; half cash, balance (i per cent per annum;
everything ready to step right Into an elegant
home.
Nice little house of 16 rooms, with good fur-
niture and carpets: rent only $05; must dispose
next 10 days; make offer.
Grand, new, modern apartment-house; beau-
tiful building; elegantly furnished; good long
lease with cheap rent; only 15 minutes' ' walk
from Kearny gt. ; has ISO rooms and pays $500
to $GCO per month; always full; best class of
people; a bargain can be had if takvn at once.
Another one; a beautifully furnished 6-room
flat: Sloane fitted it up « months ago and cost
•considerable over $000; think of the rent, only
$23 per month; choice location; big snap; $400.
Here Is the coziest and most complete house
of CO rooms, superbly furnished with everything
that good taste and Judgment could suggest;
combined with an elegant, new, modern build-
Ing; every room occupied and clearing a fine
1 profit, and sickness is the only cause for dis-
posal.
Golden opportunity to get nice 7-room flat;
rent only $40; water, garbage and Janitcr ser-
vice free; mahogany and oak furniture; carpets
body Brussels, new 1 year; cost $800; now ?450;
obliged to leave city.
This specks for itself; 15 rooms, furnished in
cak; new carpets, and full to the roof with
> good people, which' brings in profit of $75 per
month; sickness compeU sale.
First-class Investment where you can ■ earn
$2400 per year on expenditure of $4500 in 46-
room house; rent only $125 per month; cholcn
location on Sutter St.; always full; best of oak
furniture, good carpets; sickness only reason
for selling.
Swell family hotel on Sutter. St.; beautifully
furnished; always full: there are 80 rooms, rent
only $425; obliged to leave city; will be sold at
half cost to furnish.
We have 13 beautifully furnished rooms In
fine block on Post st.; full nicest kind of room-
ers; new and modern throughout; 1 .. brings in
nice Income; furniture In cak, blrdseye maple;
velvet and Axmlnster carpets; cost $1800 to
furnish six months ago; obliged to leave city;
big bargain; $1200.
Big : snap; 31-room apartment-house; rent
only $4 per room; well furnished and, clearing
$90 per month;, will only take $550 cash, bal-
ance time; price $050. ' ■
We have a number of special bargains in
flats of 6 to 10 rooms.^iew and modern; can be
had for less than half cost to furnish; must bo
sold; either account of sickness or departure.
Have large list of real estate, hotels, room-
ing-houses and business chances for exchange,
I or trade always on hand. ;
\ A. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
' IiOSGZITa-HOTJSES FOB SAS.E — Con.
The agent who whispers down the well
About the house v he wants to sell, y '
■ Will never reap the golden' "dollars
Like Marlon Griffin, who climbs and hollars.
MITCHELL & CO.
120C MARKET ST. PHONE JESSIE 2081.
Rbomirg and apartment . houses. , hctels, flats.
. Sold to suit purchasers. • Titles guaranteed.
AUTOMOBILE AT YOUR SERVICE.
HOWARD.' 803. cor. 4th^-SU newly furnished
rooms; five' rented; all front; bargain.
A ! BARGAIN — A 9-room rooming house for
sa'.e. Inquire at' 5WO. Mission st.
LODGIKG-HOTJSES V7A3CTTEP.
WANTED— To buy a respectable lodging house
(not transient),, about 30 rooms. ' Address box
4708. Call "Of flee. . •
_^__^^_CIiAlBVOYAITTS.
special" this~weekT"~ *~
Complete Life Reading.
50c 50c. 50c 50c: 50c. 50c.
' ' RICHARD MAYO. .
The man with WONDERFUL psychic power.
The greatest living ADVISER
On the Continent. At a glance, before, you
have a chance to. utter one word, he will
tell. you what you came for. giving names,
dates.' facts and figures; how to elimlnats
errors and master circumstances: he restores
lost • affection, .reunites the separated, tells
who and'when you will marry and how to at-
tain' success. .! 1
There Is no trouble, doubt or ambition, no
hope or wish, but what can be realized by
his help and advice; he is entirely original In
his methods, different from all others: a visit
to him will- bring success and happiness to
. the seeker of truth and advice.
Permanently located, thoroughly reliable.
421A Ellis st. Hours. 10»a. ja. to 8 p. m.
Private flat. Separate parlors. Business con-
fidential. " . .
LIVINGSTONE.
THE OCCULT WONDER.
FOR A RELIABLE, INTELLIGENT CLAIR-
v: ' VOYANT READING. CONSULT
- LIVINGSTONE.
FIVE RECEPTION PARLORS. LADY AT-
TENDANT. 2CU KEARNY ST.
ATTENTION—^
MRS. DR. CLARK. •
The well-known medium and clairvoyant,
may be consulted on all affairs: every hldd'ti
mystery revealed: she 'will show you how to
overcome your enemies and unite the sepa-
rated; tell your entire life, past, present and
future: satisfaction by mail; send stamp for
circular and special terms. 34.1 Geary st.
MME. M. BERNARD, the famous clairvoyant
and business medium, is located nt 17 Third ;
■t..- near Market. She roads your life cor-
rectly, gives accurate description of the past,
present and future; greatest living adviser on
all affairs In life; as a proof of her psychic
power she will tell you what you called for
FRKE of charge; $5 reading this week, $1;
satisfaction guaranteed.
MME. LANGE. the only one who can help you
In your greatest troubles; ■ genuine gypsy
sympathy, spiritualism and hand reader;
convince yours«lf of her skill; 25c and up;
shown tb6 picture of future husband or wife.
S8 Turk St.. near Taylcr; hours, from 10 to
1. end Sundays.
MISS M. WILLE, 310 Ellis St.. clairvoyant,
crystal, seer and life reader, tells you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tlon: names given: . $1; hours, 10 to 8.
ISMAR. Egyptian seeress. The Vendome. 1104
Market st., San Francisco. Office hours— 10
a; m. to 5p, m.; Sundays. 10 to 12; Wednes-
day evening. 6 to 8. Phone South 1141.
MME. PORTER, clairvoyant, medium: born
with double veil and second sight: tells past,
present, future; J. 50c; g. by cards $1; palm-
Istry full life read. $1. 303 Jones, nr. Eddy.
MISS ZEMDAR. young, gifted clalr. and palm.;
reveals love, marriage, business, etc.: L. 50c;
G. $r; hours .10 to 0; names. 714 Franklin st.
MME. KRONENBERG,~pa?n7lst. clairvoyant,
card reader: when others fall try me; read-
ingg 25?. 324 OFarrell St.: tel. Red C517.
MRS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader, has
returned; sittings dally. 108 6th «t., rooms 1-2.
MME. REKA, New York's most famous palm-
lst«and clairvoyant: readings at 329 Eddy st.
MRS.: BAUMANN; the well-known fortune-
teller. Is 'now at .117 Ellisst.' ■- '
CABPET BEATIKQ ANP CLZ A3TI1TO.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum -Process used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal;
carpets and ruzs also cleaned by compressed
air 'at - shop;- prices moderate. S. F. Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Co.. 308 Market st. ;
phones Main l.VJ and Bush 479.
WHEN you bteome disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng works. 355-:i57 . Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. lio9 Har-
rison St.; Al cleaning. 3c. FRED HAGE-
DORN & CO.; phone Mission 225.
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth St.— First-ciass
carpet cleaning. 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st !
tel; Main .",04. GEO. WAIXTOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beat Ing works; prlcei
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.; tel. Mission 2C3.
~v~w^ . _C O I_X;ECTIO IT OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4 ; Tollectlwiriiiaae':
c.ty or countrv. Pacific Collection Co. 415
Montgomery St.. rooms H-10. Tel. Main 55S0.
CREDIT CIOTHIE3S. ~~
C. F. ADA11S CaTsIs" Mason~st.— 'clothing
for everybody from hat to shoes; you can get
what you want from us nnd have it charged.
CI.OTEING REWOVATIN&.
SUITS cleaned and pressed. $1; scouring and
ilyeing. Dor. Marcbe. Examiner bldg.. r. 410-
plione Drumm 44. Call for and deliver fre*.
n^
A— MRS. J. J. WIUTNET!"bu"irr^dlmJrand
life reader. 1200 Market, r. 14. Gait House.
PROF. 1-ltED EVAxi, noted slate-writer and
clairvoyant. 1112 Eddy st. Phone Scott SS7.
DENTISTS.
A NEW plate— The Whaleborje— crniioT Ibreak •
warrani«d 20 yrs.; crowns, $. - 5 CO; nIling3,50c-
plat«B, $5; full get; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 14i~Market. nr.Eleventh
— No charge fcr extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new teeth
frcm $8 per set; extracting. COc; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors 235 Kearny.cor. Bush— '
Set teeth. $1 50 up; crown;, $J up; fllllngs,25c.
GOLD fillings, 75c; silver 33o: crawns, $2- no
paln;open Sundays, Dr.A.C.Howltt.204 Sutter.
ARTHUR CH1SH0LM. surKeon-dentlst.r.U.lst
floor. Phelan bid.. SOU Market, oor. O'Farrell.
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from Geary st.
to corner Sutter st. and Grant ave.
??~ S ?i!™£5 S ,5!?^ A1 £? SE AMSTBESSES.
MCDOWELL Dressmaking & MiTlVnery "school—
Patterns cut, to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew-
art * button and buttonhole factory. 110 Taylr.
... . . E^UCATIOyrAIJ.
A —^ HK ' Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
scbool for university, law and medical col-
- leges; rcXi. President Jordan or iny Stanford
protester; day, evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
E - R - AYRES. founder of Ayres Business Col-
lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship.
J"n rtnand > $5 month: life scholarship
$P0; positions secured; day. eve.- 72.J Market.
HEALDS School of Mines and Engineering. 2t
Post st..' S. F.; civil, mining, electrical, steam
and gas engineering. Send for . prospectus.
A SUCCESSFUL college: new. large rooms:
perfect light; all graduates are" getting po»l-
tlons.. S. B. Business Colin e. 733 Mission,
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mln.. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllcn School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 I'ost St.
Established 18ti3; largest In the West: an-
nual enrollment 1000; : send for circulars. • .
471essonspitman shorthand and hold anyposltloo;
guar. ;<;o court reportlng:"stngle-page method"
bookkeeping, western Bus. Co'... 1281 Market.
CLASSES in short story writing and Journalism
meet on Men.. Wed. and .Thurs.; : 2 r>. m.. 333
Phelan bldg. ; ternr very reasonable. .
A— GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COlr-
LEGE.-1382 Market st. Send tor catalogus.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col., 602 Van Ness
ave. ; positions secured. R. H. Webster. Pres.
BOOKKEEPING— Save, time, gain knowledge.
with TARR. expert. 217. Parrott. building.
GUITAR, mandolin and > piano. . $3 per Monta;
Tocal lessons ;$!.; 828 Haight st.
ISAAC Pitman : Business • College. . 343 Haight:
Individual Instruct.; -all branches; day, j eve.
CHICAGO Business College. 1584 Market— Posi-
tions, shorthand, typinr.-bookkeeDlnK: SS mo.
THE Paul Gerron School of Acting, the largest
institution devoted exclusively to dramatic
learning In America; positions guaranteed.
Bend for catalogue. Native Sons' bldr.
ADULT and Juvenile classes now open., Hla-
man's School of Dancing.- 1412 Polk. nr. Cal.
SHORTHAND taught thor'fy by mail and per-
tonally. Miss M. G. Barrett. 302 Montgora' y.
SCHOOL OK ILLUSTRATION— '- Day and
PART.-NOTON'S. 424 Pine St.— Night clasi.
SPANISH. French. etc. Prof. De Flllppe's Academy
of languages.1018 Post: est.lS71:ab!est profs.
EMPLO YUENT OFFZCS3.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment offlct
supplied best help promptly; city or country.
S. IMURA. 83'J Sacramento. Tel.' James 5231.
A— ORPHEUM. Employment Office— Japanese.
Chinese help. 42C Powell at. ; tel. .Main 57B2.
JAPANESE-Chines- Erup. Office. 415 Stockton;
best help. Fritz Tamagaki.mgr. Tel.Bush 839.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 3183.
CHINESE and Japanese help; e*tab. 20 years.
Tel. Main I»n7. BUADLKY & CO.. 640 Clay.
JEMPIiJTYMEITT WANTED — gEMALE.
LADIES' tailor coats and suits dressmaker;
only first-class work in my line taken at
home: fits guaranteed; engagements per day.
MISS BARSS, Sherman House. 2S Eighth.
CAPABLE woman, ex-teacher, desires charge
of orphanage or other Institution: strong,
practical, long training in sociology and
E methods;; good; disciplinarian. Box 112H, Call.
SITUATION wented by a middle-aged woman;
Is scodcook; gocd home In preference to
high wages; references. Apply 1018 Howard
st.t top floor.
A STEADY, competent person wishes a posi-
tion to'' do general housework in a small
family; wages $20.- 6 Rose ave.; oft. Market.
RESPECTABLE lady wishes position as work-
ing housekeeper or cook for men. Call 369
First 'st.. cor. Harrison, bet. 2 and 5 p. m.
A SWEDISH girl wishes cooking and" house-
work. S70 Folecm st.
WOMAN wants work washing. Ironing and
housfcelcanlng. 3C2 7th, rear. . .
A COMPETENT cook wishepTsituatlon: will do
general housework. Phone White S96.
FIRST-CLASS American woman, out of means,
wants to «o in good steady home; wash
dishes cr other light work; is a good plain
took; carfare, $2 50 week. Address 1O6V4
Third St.. room 25, first flight.
COOK— German; Is first-class In American,
French and German cooking; attends to
kitchen departments only; referencen. 735
Eddy st.
A STRONG youn* woman to go out by the
day; is a good washer and Ironer. - or will
do housecleanlng; $1 50 and carfare. - Call
1173 Howard st.
LADY stenographer, several years' experience
wants permanent position, wholesale house;
understands billing and general office work.
Box 1541. Call. ■
COMPETENT nurse wishes 'cnsraBernents, con-
finements or invalids; careful, cheerful,
painstaking; references. MRS. KING, 1153
Turk «t.
LADV, expert stenographer and accountant,
desires position;, experienced .railroad, law
and commercial work. Box 1125, Call.
A RELIABLE woman wishes work by the day
as good laundress and house-cleaner. 408
McAllister st. ■ :
WOMAN wants work by the day washing or
house-cleaning. $1 00 and carfare. MRS.
OSGOOD. 115 Hayes st. -
YOUNG marrte^ couple desire room and board
where wife can wait at tlblo or do plain
s cooking In exchange. Box 1617, 100S Market.
WOMAN wants to wash dishes cr other light
work; Is a good plain cook. Address lC6Vi
Third «t.. room 25. first flight; carfare.
EXPERIENCED stenographer owning machine
desires position; salary moderate. Box 1600,
Call office. , ~ ,
WANTED — Position rs restaurant cashier: ex-
perienced; references. Address' box 1431.
Call office.
A COMPETENT and well-experienced stenog-
rapher, typewriter and general office as-
sistant desires position. Eox 1260, Call.
EXPERIENCED \?re«smaker would like -more
engagements In families; $1 50 day. carfare.
Call or write MRS. DE BARR. 435 4th st.
A YOUNG refined colored lady would like a
position as nurse girl; wages $20 to $25.
Apply to 1000 Clay st. »
COMPETENT woman wishes laundry work or
cookinr by the day. Apply 1503% Market
St., near Eleventh.
WANTED— Situation to wait on an " invalid
and do little housework: will answer on
Tuesday. Box 1223. Call office. ■
BY a rellned young lady; office or store work
preferred: good penman and quick at figur-
ing. Call at 170 Elm ave. ; phono I'age lS'W.
WANTED — Position as saleslady In millinery;
S years' experience. St. Kathryn Hotel,
rooni^ 253.
WANTED — Work by the day: any kind of
work. MRS. C. M. H.. 405 Harrison st.
NEAT, refined German girl wishes a position;
second work or children. Box 1103. Call.
GIRL would like to run errands. Address 305
Kearny st.
POSITION as housekeeper. Addrew MRS. A. E.
ALLEN, 570 Sycamore st., Oakland.
WOMAN wants work by the day. 314 Third
Mreet.
WANTED — Position as seamstress. Box 1465
Call olflcc.
LADY wishes position as cook. Box 1446, Call
OffiCrt.
GOOD cork would like to get a place. Box
127S. Call office. '
WANTED — Fine laundry work. Apply 631
Stevenson st.
DRESSMAKING in families or hotel: nit kinds
of work: quick sewer; $1 25 a day. i:!23 Call.
YOUNG lady, wants position as companion to
elderly lady. Apply 12C7 Mason st.
REFINED woman wishes position In doctor's
or dentist's office; best refs. Box 1C2I. Call
GOOD Japanese green woman wants position
housework or cook's help. TO YAM AD, 35S
Jessie st- . '.ViVrv- ;
EMPLOYMENT •WAirTED— MALE.
STUDENT, experienced porter and all-around
servant, withes work lor board. Box 1138
Call office.
YOUNG man. well recommended, wishes po-
stticn In private family; 3 years last place.
Box 1120. Call office.
A YOUNG quick, German waiter wishes sit-
uation In town or country; best references
Box SS10. Call office.
YOUNG man wants work of any kind: under-
stands or.re of horses, cows, garden, etc.
Box 2S12. Call. .
GRADUATE civil engineer wants position with
railroad or mining company. Box 1160, Call.
OIL fireman wishes a position; best of refer-
ence. Address J. C, room 3. 114 Fourth st.',
A POSITION by young Swede as porter, ele-
vator man or any kind of work In -Oakland
or San Francisco; beat of reference. Box
1143. Call. ,
"BAKER., good hand on bread, steady and so-
btr, wishes position In city or country. Ba-
ker, care of, PETER SCHMIDT. 923-925
fit., city.
YOUNG married man. 27 gopd penman Al at :
figures, cood knowledge ' in mercantile lines
would like position where hustler Is needed
Box 1120. Call. _ . . .. ,
AN experienced gardener, who thoroughly un-
derstands . the propagating of plants, orna-
mental bed'lmg, greenhouse, fruit and vege-
tables, wishes situation; refs. Box 1309. Call.
WANTED— By a German, position to milk*
cows.-, tend horses or take care of place- ref
, Address GEORGE WOLLAP, Dominican Sis-
ters. Twenty-fourth and Guerrero sts.
MIDDLE-AGED German wants position- un-
derstandM gardening, pruning, etc.; handy
, with carpenter tools and horses. Box 11S5
Call office. '
BRIGHT, honest young man of 17 years wUhes
to work In wholesale house. In stock or fll!
orders; one not afraid of work;* best of ref-
erences. 1115 Steiner st.
LIBERAL reward given to anybody who can
• find a steady Job for a flrst-class all around
blacksmith; strictly sober and reliable. Box
10*18, ' U*i 11.
YOUNG Dane, age 23, wishes position as book-
. keeper's assistant; 10 years' experience In
Denmark; speaks English and German; $10
week. Box 1611. Call office.
YOUNG Swede. , 26. wants position to do any-
thlng in Alameda or Oakland; good refer-
ence. Box 1144, . Call. .
FIRST-CLASS cook (colored) -wishes posit Imi
In a private, family or boarding-house; city
or country: cood references.- 1202 Powell st.
A CAPABLE and experienced married farmer
wishes a position as working . f .°« I £*" £"
small stock, fruit or grain ranch; 1 th. orou gn
ly understands, stock and ranch work .In _» u
its branches: competent to take ft»"e™5g;
can furnished the best of re' wen 1 c f? n ir <? a e H
sary. Address FARMER, box 11.0._CaU : _
YOUNG man.. 23. with 3 years' "Pf.^f"^.^
the iinrdware business.' wishes pwltton"™
orders Or selling goods; city or co" 1 ?"^ ■ ** r
of references. Address Hardware, box 1183.
Call office. !.-"■ .
YOUNG man"honest and obliging. wl9h .f* w £*
of any kind between 8 to 10 a. m. and b -
tween 4:30 to 11:30 p. ro.: can furnish fine
reference*. ARTHUR MORSE, box 131*
Call office.
COACHMAN, gardener, wants situation, fam-
ily; tlrst-clasB driver, milk, raise
single; best local reference. Box 1147 can.
ELDERLY man wants work as choreman or
tak- care of horse and garden; wages siu
per month. - Box 1148 Call. '
MAN an! wife want a place to care for ranch:
man to attend to stable, and wife to cook
and care for house. Box 1045. Call.
WORK dene up In flrst-class style, tiling for
mantels, sinks, floors, walls and vestibules.
Box 1118, Call. ;
HOTCL man,- experienced, popular, wants po-
sitlcn as manager of hotel j or apartment-
house. Box 11SS. Call. ___
COMPETENT, reliable attendant .wishes per-
manent position with invalid or mental pa-
tlent; references. Box 1227. Call office.
GAItDENER competent (single German), ref-
erences, wishes situation. - Address box 1634,
Call office. . .
YOUNG man, good references, desires a situa-
tion . in grocery or other workv Address box
1274. Call office. -
FIRST-CLASS barber wants steady work «ven-
tngs, • Saturdays and Sundays: state wages.
Box 1262. Call. ,
A MAN wishes a position around a gentleman's
place; care of ' horses and garden. Address
J. H.. 25S& Tehama st.
NICE boy wants any work in downtown out-
room: meal; Japanese. GEORGE, 715 Sac-
ramento St.. phone Black 1871. -_.„•■
GARDENER; well experienced, thoroughly, re-
liable, wishes position; good references. L.
G.. box 1175. Call office.
PAINTER, paperhanger and tlnter: has tools.
Address Painter. 1620 Eddy st. Phone West
22S3. :>
YOUNG man wants work of any kind. Box
1073. Call.
POSITION wanted by a painter. Box 1053.
Call office. .■'-.-• "
CARPENTER wants work by. the Job; city or
country' towns. Box 1146. "Call.
YOUNG man. 23. wants work of any kind.
Box 1141). Call office. .
FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook wants a position
In family. . L. G.. .806 Clay st.
CHINESE, flrst-class cook, best of references,
wishes position; city or country. HI FONG.
£21',^ Washington St.. city.
COMPETENT Chine*?, young man. wishes po-
sition tc do general housework. 811A Sacra-
mento hi.
JAPANESE, cood boy. gentle . and honest,
wishes position as aschoolboy or housework -
er; speaks English well; wages. $2 week.
Address LANOI. 1431 Bush St., city.
RELIABLE Japanese boy who- understands
English, wishes position to do general house-
work and cooking In a small family In tho
city. Address I. SAWAI. 315H Stockton st.
JAPANESE college student wants home; good
cook; references; $2 50 weekly.- Address SU-
GIURA. 1S43 Webster st.; phone Jackson
3641 after 4.
GOOD Japanese green boy wants position,
housework or cook's help. TO YAM ADA. 353
Jessie st.
JAPANESE young man desires a position tn
family for general work: understands cook-
Ing. Address box 1136, Call office.
A JAPANESE boy wants a pcsltlon as school-
l>oy. $1 week or help any family work. F.
N'ALA, 1303*4 Castro st.
A JAPANESE laundryman wants work; city
or country: wages ?G week up. Address S.
SAITO, 522 Pine St., S. F.. Cal.
AN honest Japanese boy, speaks English, any
kind of store work. K. IKEDA, Japanese
Gospel .Society. 725 Geary st. • • '
A JAPANESE wishes a situation as house-
worker or Schoolboy: ha* good experience;
city or country. M. M.. 725 Geary st.
HONFST young Japanese boy wants situation
as 3cho-)lboy; speaks English. . M. S.. 431
Sttvenscn st.. S. F. .
JAPANESE experienced cook wants position In
private family. 1544 Polk St.; tel. Larkln
33C2. /
A NICE young Japanese boy wishes to work
as schoolboy in a small family. F. S., 2237
Jacknon st. C'Yfi
AN honest, strong Japanese boy wants a posi-
tion as hcusewcrker In good family. S. ABE,
J.' G. S.. 725 Geary st. •
GOOD Japanese boy wishes situation as school-
boy. DAIJI IKEMURA. 420 Powell st.
JAPANESE would like work in family. II. B..
61 Minna st.
JAPANESE, young man. wants to work morn-
ing and evening In a family. Box 1404. Call.
ECZTTMA, CUBE.
$100 FREE for any case of eczema, salt rheum
or barber itch that I can't cure: a trial treat-
ment free DR. BROWN. 54 Sixth st.
; ; ri»A»cruLL.
THE REALTY SYNDICATE.
Capital paid ii. $1,600.000 00
Surplus 040.001 S«
Issues
Six per cent
Investment C'rtificates
At par.
Office — No. 14 Sansome St..
San Francisco. CaL -. ,\ J
COMPANIES formed: mining or patents: stock
sold: stron«: Eastern connections: advice free.
Write A. F. HARASZTHY. 522 Crossl«y b'.dg.
gjLATS TO LET.
* .
A— HOUSES and fists to let: an Immense list:
service absolutely free: take- advantage of
this department: It will save you time and
trouble. Ccrd?s Furniture Co.. 245-5U Geary
St.. on the square.
COTTAGES, houses and flats to let: every de-
clrable vacant place In San Francisco on
our list?; service absolutely free; let us find
you a place; come In and let us know what
rent you want to pay and the locality; "we
do the ■rest." Sterling Furniture Company
lOna Market st:, opp. McAllister. .
GOLDEN GATE. nr. Central ave.— New sunny
fiats, tinted, frescoed. 5 rooms, bath $.'10- fl
rooms, bath, attic. $35: open dally.
TURK. 11CL adjoining Jefferson Park — New
elegant 0-rcom upper flat; every roonVflood-
ed with sunshine.
NEARLY new upp'r flat. 4 rooms and bath.
33C Tehama st.
I LOWER flat. 0 rooms and bath: rent reason-
able. 521 Fell st., near Laguna.
j PAGF, 1C2I — Modern upper flat, 7 rooms and
1 t>ath; J30. ,
ALPINE. 40. bet. Waller *t. and Dv.boce are. '
and Devlsadero — Pretty 5- room sunny flat. )
.FLAT of 5 rooms, bath. gas. 30 Bluxome St..
near Fourth.
LARGEST list of houses >Aid flats to let. Call
on LYON & IIOAG. 110 Montgomery st.
SMALL, cozv. new flat. 3621 Twenty-fifth St..
near San Jcse ave.
$25 — NEW sunny flat.- « rooms and bath, j
Northwest corner Noe and 24th sts.
F&ATS FOB SALE — FTXBNISHED.
HOWARD, near 4th «t.. for' sale, nicely fur-
nished modern flat, 5 rooms and bath: price,
' $500, Including a new piano. Box 2807. Call.
A — MODERN sunny upper flat. 7 large rooms;
completely fur. 1« weeks ago. 917 Jones st.
SANCHEZ. 1211— Furnished 4-room. sunny up-
per'flat; going East; must sell; low. rent. .
FUKNITTJUE WANTED.
... ; ABE LEVY, " ""*
Salesroom. 1133 Market st. TeL Jeasi* 761.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, offlct fur-
niture, etc.. until you get hi* estimate.,
WILL pay 20 per cent more for furniture than
dealers or vrlH sell on . commission. U H
BURP, sue. IC3B Market: phone Jessie T29.
CALL on Alfred Wollpert. 773 Mission st be-
fore ulllnr your fumltur«. Phono Red 44*2.
PUK.N.ITTJHE POBSALB. • .
HENRY MAYER pays hlshest prices for fur-
\ nlture. carpets, etc. 782 Mission; tel. Bush 81 j
COOK for Ross" 1 Valley ..T. ... . . . .".".".". . .... ."$39
2 cocks,. city, little washing.. 130
Short order cook,. no Sunday work $3 we«k
Waitress to go-«outh, fare, paid $23
T'prtalrn girl and nurse. Berkeley $20
Typewriter, country law office.
Second girl $^>
Nurse; child 2 years oM....*. |so
3 restaurant waitresses ' $7 w»-^
Chambermaid and waitress, country $20
Janltress. hospital $20
?4 general housework girls, city and coun-
try $2l>-$25
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter.
THE ROMAYN-SHIRK REGISTF.R. REXT-
INO AND ADV. COMPANY.
612-61.1 Grant bids;.. 7th-Market. South 104,
Two e;cp. chocolate dippers, good ptacs.
Waitress," city hotel, swell place. $25.
Waitress, restaurant, city. $8 week.
Waitress, plain hotel, elty. $25 month.
Saleslady, competent to buy for ribbon coun-
ter, city place. $10 5O week start.
Girl general housework, 3 family. $23 mo.
Girl general housewcrk. no washing'. $25 mo.
Wcman. housework, plain cook. $20-$25 rao.
These are guaranteed bona fide positions.
DISHWASHER (German), $6 a week; chocolat*
dipper. $3 week; chambermaid. $6 a week
and found. CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 14 Third.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn hairdresser.
manicuring. ' etc. ; trade taught from A t» Z
In 2 wks; tuition $5 to those entering now. 3
positions to fill Immediately; positions guar-
anteed at $10 wk. up; only recognized »choot
of Its kind on coast: day and eve. classes.
233 Geary st.. room 13.
WANTED— Girls to learn millinery now for
spring season; both seasons taught from start
to finish in one month for $5r positions as
trimmers, salesladies, makers, guaranteed at
$10 per week up; 7 pesi tlons to be filled by
first of year. Parlors 143 Stockton st.. r. 13.
A— PACIFIC College teacnes halrdresslas;.
manicuring, electric massage, etc. ; six hours'
practice a day; guarantees positions; only
recognised college of Its kind oa coast; day
and evening classes: all parlor work at r»-
duced prices. 133 Powell at.
EXPERIENCED art goods saleswoman wanted.
Apply bet. 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS "
WANTED — Experienced lac« and emkroldery
saleswoman. Apply bet. 9 and 11 a. m.. at
HALE BROS.'
EXPERIENCED ribbon saleswoman wanted.
Apply bet. 9 and 11 a. m.. at HALE BROS.'
NEAT young girl, general housework; $20-$23.
Call Friday. 10 to 1. 1425 Post st.
COMPETENT stenographer and Mil clerk. A>.
ply own handwriting, box 2S15. Call.
MIDDLE-aged woman wanted for light hous*-
work. 1127 O'Farrell st.
A GOOD smart girl for general housework;
good, pay. to right party. 463 14th st.
POSITION of trust to be Immediately filled;
woman over 25: must be trustworthy and, ac-
curate. Box 1192, Call office.
LADIES for steady home employment: SS aa4
$12 weekly. Emma Spreckcls bide. 927 Mar.
ket St.. room 018.
TUCKERS on ladles' waists and children's
Wear. 656 Mission st. 3d floor.
OPERATORS on ladles' waists. 659 Mission
St.. 3d floor.
OPERATORS en ladles' underwear. 658 Mt»-
slon st., 3d floor.
OPERATORS on ladles' wash orersklrt*. «M
Mission st.. 3d floor.
HSLP WAITTEP — MALT.
AA A— PERRY'S MERCANTILE BUREAU,
806 Market St.. room 325. fifth floor.
Office hours. 9 a. m. to ft p. m.
Bookkeeper's assistant $15 to $23 week
Stencgraphor .$13 w-ek
Manager department store $25 week
Bill and entry clerk $15 week
Drug clerk $12 week
Ch^*<*r $15 week
Timekeeper $15 weeic
Accountant $15 to $25 week
Collector $15 ne-?k
Floor manager $m week
Two shipping clerks $15 week
General office worK $15 week
Clerk, city or country $13 week
Young man, learn dentistry $10 week
SCtt Market St.. room 325. fifth floor.
THE ROMAYN-SHIRK REGISTER. RENT-
ING AND ADV. CO..
C12-613 Grant bldg.. 7th-Market. South 104.
Five thoroughly competent sho« salesmen:
neat appearance Imperative: Eastern men
have an equal chano- with local men: $1«-
$20: (ancy goods salesman and window
dresser capable of taking charge of dept..
*1CO start; four gent.V furnishing goods men.
$lC.rO; men's furnishing goods man. $12.50
week; a practical watchmaker, bench hand,
$1CO mo.; an Al clock repairer, $15 to $18.
Thes; are suaranteed bona flde positions.
GEORGE DAVIS & CO.,
EMPLOYMENT AGENCY. 130 Sansome st.
Wholesale millinery man. $23 week.
Salesman for s-.lks and tea gowns. $23 week.
Salesman for pictures and views, good pay.
Working jewel-?r. for country. $l day.
Jewelry clerk, $20 week.
Wlr.e salesman (champagne), $20 week.
All uround tailor. $3 day. ]
Stenographer, $50.
f*ream man, candy house, good pay.
Harnessmakers. good pay.
THE NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD CO.
Haberdasher salesman. *18 week.
Office assistant, net over 19 yrs. old, $40.
Drivers for liquor wagons, good pay.
Single hand miners. $?1 a week.
Oakland representative large Eastern firm.
Jewelry salesman, Oregon and Washington.
good pay.
Buyer ladies' neckwear, veilings dept., $133.
Other positions oyen. Call at office. *
Rooms 9-10. 51 Third street.
FRENCH cook, country. $L"5 and found. »ee
employer here this morning: restaurant 2nd
cook. $1C week; man to raUe alfalfa on
shares: shift boss for quicksilver mine, t.i
day; and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S
Sacramento st.
CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
14 Third st.; phone Bush 403.
Supplies at a moment's notice: skilled or
unskilled workmen to contractors or others;
dty or country. Help secursd free.
A COOK and wife; small country hotel: $70
and found. Apply to C. R. HANSEN A CO..
4?» Bush «t.
WANTED — Few high-class solicitors to selt
certificates of deposit In a bankinc corpora-
tion; some financial assistance to those with
ability and Al references: none otlvr ne»il
apply; opportunity to realize $5 to $10 per
day. Address box 10J»5. Call office.
WANTED — One nr two men to learn a trade:
must have $10 for security: no Sunday work.
Call CIS Merchant, bet. Ktarny and Montjr
BOOTBLACK wanted for barber shop: white
man: good position for right party. 1543 De-
vlsadero.
FIRST-CLASS barber. 7 Ellis st.
BARUHR. Saturday and Sunday. 414 Mont-
gomery ave.
BARBER for Saturday at 505 Fourteenth St..
Oakland.
BUSHELMAN wanted. Apply CHAS. LYONS.
London Tellor. 721 Market st. »
STRONG boy with experience In carriage andi
wagon blacksmithine: no other. S2S Harrison.
SHORT order cook at once. Clack's Cafe, Mar-
kef and Gough sts.
WANTED — Men to prepare for railway mall,
internal revenue and custom-house positions:
' free catalogue Pacific Correspondence Insti-
tute. Grant bW?., 1005 Market: open evgs.
WANTED — Man In established commission
bu3lness; must he able to keep llgrht office
books: small capital required. SAN FRAN-
CISCO RKALTY CO.. ltttS Market St.
WANTED — Men and women to learn the bar-
ber trade, under flrst-class Instructor: only «
weeks required at G1LLETTS SCHOOL. 611
Commercial st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolklc. Reno Hcuss proprietor ha*
added 100 new rooms to tha Denver House
217 Third st.; 25O rooms; 23c to 30c per night.
WANTED— Young man who Is an experienced
Jew-lr- salesman. Apply bet. 9 and It a. m.
at HALE BROS.'
EXPERIENCED young man. about 19 for
w^J^cJx? ™" for ri * ht
WANTED — Educated gentleman for encyclope-
dia worlc: $1CCO per year; references required.
Lex 1190. Call of flee.
W^^ r 5 D ~ Exptrlcnc * d solicitors for sale of
lUl C*fl lnve ' tm * nt: r * fs - required. Box
UP^TCVDATE barb«7 shop for sale: MlrkeT
Bank bid StS ' SC * COUEMAN . 806 Mutual
°? T «?; CUP «5? 0 " half-soled while, watting; 23a
} iV*'^? 7^ Ml » slon «-. bet. 1st and 2d sts..
cr II Thh-d st.. Examiner bulldinx.
WANTED— Men ta nil 33O room* *t-20o p«r
nirht; clothe* closets, hair mattresses. «l«c-
trlc light In every room. 681 Howard, nr. 3d.
TRY cur men's shoes, union made; $1 and fl 3«
pair; foot-form, shoes. $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.; open till 0 P-m.
BOY wanted for shop work. Kohn'a Electrical
Repair - Co.. Cor. Polk and Sacramento sts.
, WANTED— Strong young man to carry routs
1 on this paper. Apply routt 20,. •g£EP •WANTED— MAT/H— Contfcme,<l.
A— MURRAY & READY. C34-C36 Clay'eL
Phone Main CS1S.
Leading Employment and Labor Agent*.
" ki '-/" v «' , 1SHH we hope to
-. «tt.U0O men work in 1WB. Increase GO.000
MISCELLANEOUS
Tinfmitn. city Job, li to ?4 day
T> eailmakers. city Jobs, f3 to $4 day.
!«d toSf ""•• FortUCT€ «- «« city. $40
: ;;«d k fo^ d d. wlfe - ratae - K ~* a *- =» "*»• *»
1-7 farm hands, plow teamsters
. .11 choremen and chore boyej private and
'ranches.
" . " , HOTEL HELP. '
. Ooeta, waiters, dishwashers, porter*, bell
6-rid elevator boys.
. Pyer and cleaner^good job, country.
' nv-n-r.^. COAL MINERS
. . CREGON FREE FARE. OREGON
£_ CO * miners. Good mine, Oregon, $3 and $4
' -; " FREE FARE.
LEVEHMAN.
I^yerrnan fcr dredcer. email boat. Bee boss
■ hf-fe; $.5 aad found.
■ '- FOREMAN.
. 1- Wman Tor penera.1 construction work, rock,
: ££!£" evading and concrete work.
6EB BOSS HERE. $100 and found,
BEE BOSS HERE.
rjADTTMAN. ccrth, f35 to $40 and found.
B>y for grocery store, city, $Q week.
CxjcIc mall hotel, 12 boarders, $C5 and found
MURRAY & READY,
_\ . 634-630 Clay et.
AT HORD A SMITH'S.
-• -Contractors' Agettts. . ' y.*i Third st
2 cement ddewalk finisher*. $4 50; south;
. I»ns Jcb.
T^amstera. Bay Fhore; $2.
. ..1»n who understands track laying to take
<;h*nre of email gang; $2 M>; a year* ■ work;
norti*. -• .-..■..-
Elderly man to do light chores; good home;
i^an Mateo.
.- Amidor County, teamsters, $2.
HIGH GRADE POSITIONS OPEN.
II sou are a competent man. unemployed
- or dissatisfied with your position, we can
' .• place you. Investigate our plan of securing
• petitions in clerical, technical and mercantile
: lines, paying from $1000 to $5000 year. In-
terview* «r»ct!y confidenuaL Office* and
tfprvsrmatives in many cities. Commercial
Clearance Company, suite 415-16 Starr King
blig., UTCeary rt.
KEN— The only original Moler Barber College
teaches barber trade In 8 weeks; wage*
.. earned while learning.
New quarters and new appliance*.
Call or write for illustrated catalogue.
Ucler Barber College, 649 Sacramento st.
: -j?; Lately mcved from Clay «t. -.»'.
DRAUGHTSMAN wanted fcr gs* engine raanu.
lacturinr company: competent of doing ac-
curate work: need not be capable of design-
ing; give references; good position for right
tarty. Address 3 D. box 126S, Call.
TVANTED — By a lanre soep manufactnrer. 3
farmrr'e scr.«= in each State, with rigs, to
call en the country merchants; salary $100 a
month and expenses ana contract for one
year. EuCalo Chemical Co., Buffalo, N. Y.
A PLEASANT raced, fine appearing registered
■ pfcysician and surgeon; must be quite gray.
but active; positively no other; no traveling;
»a:ary JiTOO or more when well started. Call
at 25 Third et.
FINE iwo-rha!r barb»r shop for eale. Inquire
II. BARNARD. U>4 Seventh et.
IIVST e^ll 2-chair barber shop; 4 living rooms,
lliysicn, at Twenty-first. —
FOB sale— Half interest in 4-chalr barber ehop.
' IT2 Third rt.
"CHANCE for two young men to learn the
tarber trade free. 751 Mission st.
EAILORS 1 and ordinary eeamen for all parts of
tfc* world at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart St.
MEN to learn the detective buEine?e: paid
while learning. 8S7 Market st.. room 104.
" KEN. learn the barber traae; tuition free to
lucky cne. 741 Howard «t.
: UEN wanted at 137 3d Bt.. where shoes are re-
paired br machinery; eewed soles 10 Kin.. 75c
'EAILORS aDd young men (green hands) for
trips. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson *t.
LABOR debts collected: «u!t». attachment*.
Law and Adjustment Co.. .T28 Montgy.. r.413.
' PENSION any.. E. A. Bullis, r. 40. Phelan bid.
Pert Com. Geo. H. Thomas Po*t^ CI. A. R.
"WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
; ket — TOO rooms: 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and tarty" to and from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS. rubscrlpUons received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
A EUANtH office of The Call for the recep-
tioa of advertisements ana subscriptions has
b«>n opened at 100$ Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Op^n until 11 p. m.
|1-L. «iies m»n's Fhoes, tlig-htly damaged, half
rric. S71 Mission at., bet, l^t and 2d sts.
_j aOSSESJLNS WAGONS.
HORSE and wagon and poultry for eale: poul-
' try ranch for r*T.t; ch«-ap. Apply at ALEX.
HISHER'S, 5C50 Mission st., Six-Mile House.
• . ban Francisco. Cal.
TVl'O carloads broke horses, weirting from
10OO to 16<»0 r^undK. at Western Horse Mar-
.ket. E. FTEWART & CO.. 220 Valencia.
•THE quarterly tuUetln of S. F. Veterinary Col-
:»{re now r^-a^y; mailed free upon application
ic PH. E. J. CREELY. Prm.. 510 Golden Gate
KICE black 1-aok team; y<-<ung. gentle horses.
. 1JC3 Howard rt. ; price S-'W.
FOXf. cart, harness and saddle. 341 Eighth
■avp., Richmond District.
CHEAP; <m* p'tiitI* and one double pendle top
wagon and 5 Lusinf:*? wagons. 1.V13 Folsom.
\VANTKD — Burin*** buggy; 5tat<! condition
nr.J price. liox 10115. Call office.
J^R fs1» — 10 s«>oon<l-h2nd exprers wagons, one
. f'.r.i:\^ truck. 233 j'«a> st.
At-'CTICN ra'.« c? horses, wagons «nd harsesi
every Wednesday at II a. m. 227 S<xth st
SOT7S£S TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of houses tc let; tend for cir-
cular. G. H. tTMBSEN tc CO.. 20 Montgomery
KIXFCZQCXSHKD or partlj- furnished home;
Preddi* Heights; 8 rooms and bath. Box
7.TT. Call office. ■-.-.r
BOrfiE, 6 rocms and bath. Inquire 12G j
Eddy st. ■•;. • j
■ ' i. i
S0TJ5S3 FuaznsHss— goa salb.
••ONE5. 5»19A— V.>:i-furr.ished 7-room house: ]
lev/ roorr.s wr.ted; cover* all expenses; rent I
$35; must be sold this week.. '.:":.-■ I
mtNITURE ard carpets, 5 rooms 341
n;gh:h ave.. Itl«-.h:nond District.
COTTAGES TO LET.
Ill— rOTTACn. 5 r. 17 Rcscoe : ~Mlrsion-s t!
<~ars tc Crescent ave.. on to 1st st. to right.
f 16 — 5-ROOM cottage en Cottage row, Er. Web-
<t:-T. bet. Batter and Bush. Inquire* No. 7.
3OTELS.
HOTEL BALTIMORE. 1015 Van~Nen T are^H
ThlF tlm-r.)a» uciel. r.ow b^inj; conducted en
American plan, espt^-lslly Tor families for the j
♦eascn cr j-ear. Location is unsurpassed. The j
equipments are a'.l mctJera. with every con-
venience. The rooms are large, sunny and
comfortable; superb view; furnishing* are all
elegant. CaUdttc highest Order. H. C. SHAN- !
• NON, manag*^-. formerly of Hotel Langham, J
•-". V . and Moana Hotel. Honolulu. '
, _ ,|
rrrsxAi«i.r;s»T 3uildikg.
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPAXT~
Inztallment borces, 512 CaJlaxhan building.
• will build on your property or buy you a lot;
I* a JKcnth pays principal and Interest on
- each $1000 of balance due. making yonr In-
ftallmrr.ts !<;»> than rent: fend for circular
ZNVXSTBIENTS.
JIAUE bargain; American Marconi Wireless
•tock at f3 V0 per share; transfer and quick
delivery jTJarante*<3; can supply any unlisted I
ttocjt «t bargain rnce: write me your wants. I
K.-COWFER-TMWAITE. Stockton. Cal. /
Z.05T AND TOTJTSTD. \
U i?T— Lady'* told watch, D«c. 7, bet 8:13
p. tn. and II p. m.. bet. Tenth *t. and Penny
Arcade; racnecram M. M. (from Lundy's).
Kln<ily return to St. Nicholas Hotel office.
Ninth and Murktt els.; liberal reward.
LOST^-Gold watch. "Wednesday. Dec. 7. be-
tween 12 m. and 1 p. m.. on .Market et., be-
tween Stockton end Grant ave.; monogram
M. C H.; XValtham make. Kindly return to
' 64 Fair Oak* gt.. bet. 21«t and 22d; reward.
LOST— Pur*e containing money and key*.
' Army «t. or Ban Bruno road; property of sick
Ctrl. Liberal reward at Royal Soap Co.. 19S3
i-.-.r. Brano road.
LOST — On Baight *t-, near Bteiner. small
brown parse, containing sum of money.
Finder please return to 6 Walter rt.. near
Duboce av*.: r*c*iv* reward. ■
LOST— Lady's rold watch and fob; Initial* A;
Ii 6.: Market and £pear Bt*. to ferry. F.
Wv BROWN CO.. 18 Spear rt.; reward^
LOPT— Purs* containing $30. on Pacific are.,
tott. Lairuna and Webster eta. Plea*« re-
turn u> 2lO» PadOe ave., aid* door; r«ward.
il ...OF SAN FRANaSCO... '
A Beautiful Novelty in Decorated China
■:' jl^sg&gffkgi^^ We °^ er our sma " a d patrons this week :
tumbler, highly ornamented with a hand- : ;
Third and Market Streets 101 6. Broadway-
LOST AND rOTJND— Continued.
LOST — Tuesday, nt-cklace o? pearl beads, with
clasp of brilllants;-"liberal reward. Address
box 1123. Call office.
LOST — Knights Templar charm; reward. 120
Fulton ft.
I»ST — Green parrot, from 7C5 Guerrero Bt.
Return eame and receive; reward.
LOST — A green enameled lady's watch. Finder
kindly return to J. BAER, 1200 Geary St.
LOST — Small foxterrier bitch, brown epot on
right eye and tall: reward. C28 2d ave. north.
I BROWN hunting dog: right hip and chest
white. Reward. 801 Scott of 1141 Polk eU
LOST — Collie dog. white and tan. Notify L.
A. CONKLXN, -J92!> I'ierce st.: reward.
LAUHCHZS PCE HIKE.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO., foot
St.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush S34.
MATTBESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process); excelient carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROF.. 1422-34 Howard St.: phone South 21B.
SXEDXCAXb
LADIES who are in trouble or suffering from
nny ii'.lment ix-culiar to their eex can find
lmraedute relief by consulting Dr. White,
the enly graduate physician in San Fran-
cisco who has devoted a lifetime to helping
women; 17 years' experience without a fail-
ure has put him at the head. He guaran-
tees rei.ef or no pay.
DR. WHITE. 702 Market St.*. rooms 7 and 8.
rr.S. GOODV.'IN fcas returned from Europe;
fetab. ISM in S. F. ; -H years' experience;
female comj. laints cr.iy: Dr>. Gcodwin is well
known to enjoy the implicit confidence of
ladies eufferlrs from irregularities or other
conditions: relief ar-ui»u or no charge; avoid
delay; fee low; hours 2 to 4 and K:'-'.'J to 8:30
p. m. 650 Market *t., second floor, room 37.
MP.S. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. lOOS^ Market at., opp. 5th.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and irresu laxities; instant relief
guaranteed: &} years' experience. 944 Post st.
LADIES — Possibly I'm not the cheapest nor
yet the eldest specialist here, but I AM a
RELIABLE graduate phyelclan. When In
trouble confide tn me. Irregularities relieved;
the un!ortunate helped; I promise best at-
tention and no danger; I guarantee prompt
results or no charge. Room 1. Est. 14 years.
DR. E. G. WEST, office 305 K>arny st.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, ladles specialist, removed
. from 111S Market to 838 Mission St., near
Fourth; home In confinement; "5 years' ex-
peri^n^e; best medical attention; low fees.
LADIES FUlTering from Irregularities, sick or
In trouble, consult* Dr. Sylvester. 219 Kearny
tt.; it-lief guaranteed: no drugs.no operations.
TALBOT BARNARD. Australian >7rve Spec-
ialist. has arrlv#0; limited nur. ♦ ?r patients
treated honjf; consultation free. ...T21 21st St.
MRS. DR. GWYER. 511A Leavenworth St., be-
tween Geary and O'Farrell. Tel. East C97.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 412A Market.
LADIES — Kumround: safe. 6ure. never falls;
$2. Gleason-Ruggles Drug Co.. Kearny A Clay.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2995 Folsom St.. corner
2Cth:' ladle*, relief or no fee; 110.- ■• .
MISCELLANEOUS — POB SALE.
SD-HAND machinery, engine, boilers, pump*,
pulley*, fhafting, etc., etc., bought, cold,
rented and exchanged ; see Sunday papers.
H. S. ATHITE MC.HY. CO.. 130-132 Beale *t.
BOILERS. engin<est*2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TO6H & WOLP^N, 105-197 Fremont st.
AN elegant assortment of diamonds. Jewelry
and sealskins for sale on small weekly pay-
ments; goods delivered on first payment.
UNITED TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton sU
A — BUYS. *elt» or rent* gear machinery, en-
gine*, boiler*, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear »U
REPUTABLE place to rent gent*' full dr«si.
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits. J. COOPER,
21 Stockton st. (formerly at Palace Hotel.)
TRY oar men's shoes at $1 ' and $1 60 pair;
foot-form shoe*, at $2 50; we, pay express
charges. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
15-INCH band saw with all attachment*;
price S45. Box 1163, Call office. . :
A~FINE large diamond and emerald cluster
ring; a big bargain; $350. Heetha.1, 10 6th Bt.
HIGHEST cash price paid for 'diamonds at
PAUL V.-GARIN'S, 114 Sutter at ',
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY/ DECEMBER 9, 1004.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOB SALE — Con.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK*
Have you a >aky tin, shingle, felt or iron
roof? Cover it with Mastic Roofing. It is best
for old and new roofs, and for valleys, gutters,
decks, balconies, etc. Mastic Roof Paint and
Roofing Cement will stop small leaks. Write
Us about it. Elaterite Roofing Co* 713 Market.
DIAMONDS and jewelry on Bmall weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'S, 137 Mont-
gomery st.. room 12, upstairs.
I TOWEY'S furniture polish removes spots ana
staics; fre e delivery. 370 Fell gt. ■
GAS engines, centrifugal pumVs: highest grade;
lowest r>»ices. 1'rice Pump Co.. 523 Market st.
SAFES and cash registers: new and seconJ-
g. hand.fr!. 1 ; FREEMAN', 1325 Market st.
2D-HAND bid?, material; lumber, door, sash,
plumb, material. The Dolan Co., 1607 Market.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 807^ Mission St.: tel. South 811.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck, 131 Post St.
SAFES— N»w and second-hand. THI3 HER-
_MAN>; SAFE CO.. "07 Buttery st. :
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches:
_ajl sizesL X E. DOAK. 4fi Fremont st.
ROOMS papered. $4 up: tinting. painting.
Kf-rtraann Paint Co.. 310 Third: tel. Main 413.
MIECELLATTEOUS WANTS.
AAAAAA— BUYS any amount good 2d-han(J
clothing: special price for fancy ladles' and
men's clothes. 822 Folsom; tel. Folsom 3522.
AAAAA— Highest prices for ladles', gents' cast-
off clothing. fel.Davis S25. 050 Sacramento st.
DIAMONDS and precious stones' bought for
cash. KARL EBER & CO.. r. 405. Adams
bl-JR.. -JOG Kearny st.; phone Black 3036.
Levy & Red!»r, highest price for Rents' cast-off
clothlnfj, shoes: tel. Red 1844. 615 Washington
M MONEY TO XiOAN. M __
—MANHATTAN LOAN -COMPANY "(Inc.)—
* ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
....INTEREST 6% AND 0 PER CENT....
CITY, OAKLAND, TOWN AND COUNTRY
PROPERTY ...."
Eecond mortgages, life insurance policies, • es-
tates in probate, undivided interests in prop-
, erty, probate realty loans, stocks and bonds,
legacies and undivided interest* in property
purchased.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
Eulte 107-108 Crocker bldg.; phone Main 5824.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY,
G01-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Rave expenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust.
' etc. ; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terest* In property purchased.
Ccurteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
Wbcn You Need Money,
See HERMAN MURPHY. •
il WILL LoiATf .;.
f A reasonable amount on ";*■. *.-':
l*t. 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate.
Ic city, town or country.
Low rate of Interest.
, Give ; full particulars
"of property,-
Location, etc' . .
Box 223. Call office.
A— THE Portland Jewelry Co.. 25 Stockton »t.,
loans money on diamonds, valuables, etc., at
2 per cent per month: fire and burglar-proof i
safe; deposit vault on premises for free use
of customers. "■
SALARY LOANS— -•.,-..
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
\ any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake, 453 Parpitt bid,
A — ON furniture or piano* at lowest rates; no
removal; no publicity; also on real estate;
1st or 2d mortgages or on any security; any
amount. O. W. BECKER. 8tS Geary, room 36.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, -at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
bOQ Market; tel. Main 1644, Branch 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chant*, teamaters, boarding-houses,- without
security;- easy payments; large business in'. 46
principal cities. TOLMAN, 553 Parrott bldg.
PRIVATE — Money loaned on salaries without
security; diamonds, or chattels; no fee;. no
com.; cut rate. Cal. Loan Co.. 523 Pairott bid.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity;' $25 up; quick,
private, confidential. 2(S Montgomery, rm. 21.
MONEY to loan at low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stone* bought
"*• at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth «t.
6ALARIED people "on note. S.v F. DISCOUNT
AGENCY. 125-12T ■ Pbelan bldg. Privat*
MONEY- TO LOAN — Contlnned.
ON salaries, insurance policies, chattel mort-
gages, diamonds, valuables, etc. UNITED
LOAN AND THUST CO.. 21 Stockton Bt..
■ near Market. - .
MONEY loaned in sums rrom $10 upward; rea-
scnable interest. A. O. Colton, 717 Mills bid..
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches, jewelry;
confd. Diamond Parlor Jewelry Co., 722 Mkt.
TO salaried people without security. The White
Co.. 420 California »t.. rooms 14 and 15.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
j ub. Hutton Credit, Co.. 912 Mutual Bank bldg.
I STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
J employes. Room 811. Mutual Sav. Ek. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds & jewelry at 2 per cent
rno.^fl. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up:. no removal-
no cum. V. TREMAIX, room 81. « Eddy st.'
CASH loaned salaried people on not-s without
Indorser. MORRKLL. MA> Examiner building.
MUSICAL XNSTBUMENTS.
A NUMBER OF BARGAINS IN UPRIGHT?
A small upright, a snap 59 j
Stodart. mahogany case, fine c-ondftion" $130
Grovesteen & Fuller, full ssze concert $H5
Fischer, thoroughly repaired $1^)
Also a Chlckerlng. Vose. Steinway" Weber
Mason &. Hamlln, Sterling and many others'
E<u»y payments. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON
10 O'Farrell st.
A GREAT opportunity— We «re closing out
our ertire Seattle stock In 8. F at Drlees
never heard of before; all make*; your
term* are our terms; rents S2 up; allowi if
purchased. HEINE PIANO CO o?5-23»
Geary bI. S. F.; Oakland. 1252 Broadway.
PARTY must sell large Steinway UDri-ht-
cost $7O0; price J2S5;.«rill accept payments';
no reasonable cash offer refused °17
Geary gt. . - ' - ' _
BEAUTIFUL new upright pianos for rent, $3
per month; one year's rental allowed If pur-
chaeed. 8COTT-CURTAZ. 560 Hayes ■£
A SMALL Stelnway upright; cost 1500- $183
takes It." 237 Geary st.
FISCHER upright; coat $350; will sell for »9fl
S3 1 Geary st.
FOR honest and fair dealing. Hornung Piano
House. 216 McAllister st.
ELEGANT uprights, new * 2d-hand.$45 to $500
Pierce'* Piano Factory, Market and 14th sta. :
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos, Cecelian Dlano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $3 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
•8-PEDAL Steinway up; Chickerlng baby grand-
Shonlnger. little used. Keeffe's, 285 O'Farrell.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cenis — Th« Weekly OaJl
:« par** In wrapper, for mailing, tl per year'.
_>__OPriCE^_ANDjBTOaES TO LET.
A FEW more select business offices for rent in
the new building. SE. corner Montgomery
and Sacramento streets, single or in suites
at reasonable prices; every office ha* cab-
inets with running water, electric light,
Hearn 1 heat, pneumatic sweepers, safe and
all modern Improvement* up to date- light
heat and Janitor service included in the rent!'
O..H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
TO lease—^A .store In course of construction- In
I excellent location; brisk opportunity, for 'dry
goods.; temperance grocery, shoe store; floor
area 1700 square feet; ready Jan." 15- near
Market. Sixteenth and Noe sts. ; $50 ' Box
1473. CalL , r '
OAK. cor. Broderlck— Large store suitable for
grocery and saloon: opposite carhouse.
OrXi T.ANJD8. ~
I FLATHEAD, VALLEY OIL.LANDs! "
Southeast Kootenay Be
For sale— 2 oil claims, 610 acres each' on
the KlJh-e-nehn Creek. Apply WILLIAM G
MORRISON; Palace Hotel. San Francisco. '
* . PHYSICIANS AND SUBCrE ONS. '
DR. C. CO* DONNELL— Office and "resldenca*
1021% Market »t..' bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to dtaeases of women.
BLOOD.' skin . and rectal diseases a specialty
DR. BALL. 1073 H Market «l
REMOVED- DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treat* all ; disease* of the : human body; for
past four year* at 115-117 Mason 9*., now lo-
cated at 667 Geary it., near Leayejiworth.
WONO WOO. th* famou* herb doctor— All dl«-
*a*e* ; cured by Chines* herbs. 746- 8 ; Clay it." |
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
". positively -cured;- new; methods; - 1- week's
•;f treatment fr«*." : Vr. - Con ingham. • 204- Sutter.
—^PEBSONAtiS.
"REXKADIO" HAS SUCCESSFULLY TREAT-
ED OVER 110O PERSONS. EACH HAVING
A "TOTALLY" DEAF EAR: MAJORITY
heard distant "whisper." first treatment.
Multitude of various alleged "Incurable" dis-
eases also, wonderfully benefited. Hours '2 to
7. "Public" healing 2 and 8 p. m. daily. 1
Fourth, cor. Market. CIRCULAR.
A FACE without a wrinkle may be the pos-
session of any cne who takes the full treat-
ment for the removal of facial Imperfections
practiced by M. ELLA HARRIS: simple
remedy, based upon scientific principles: per-
manent In effect: proofs shown; send for free
booklet "Hints on Beauty." M. ELLA HAR-
RIS. 12S Gear}' »*.
AA— WHY look old? ■
Fifteen day ratt- will now b? given by MME.
GILIJNGIIAM; a lady 72 years of age with
wrlnklt-3 and pu'" ness removed from one side
of the face tan be seen daily: write for book-
let. 143 Stockton st., cor. Geary.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth. stops falling, cures dandru3
and itching scalp: no stain or stickiness;
cleames >>calp;at druggists'. hairdressers': ae-
■ cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 13.18 Polk.
MRS. LEGG. the noted mental scientist, has
opened offices at 2214 Howard St.; all dis-
eases positively cured without medicine; to-
bacco & liquor habits specialty; consult free.
OXYGEN massage cures weakness and nervou*
troubles. Office. 320 Starr King bldg. 121
Geary st. MRS. HOLSHOUSER, magnetic
specialist: ladies and gentlemen.
CANCERS, Boating kidney, rectal, spinal dis-
eases cured painlessly. MRS. ADA. 1024 Mis-
sion 5t.
DETECTIVE — Private detective; all classes le-
gitimate worlr promptly attended to. HARRY
ROGERS, 816-OTarrell. Phone Sutter 26.54.
IMPORTANT — Any one knowing the*address
of FRANK O. O'NEIL will receive a reward
if sent to box 14S2, Call Office, S. F., Cal.
FAMCY and silk dresses carefully washed.
JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRY. esUb.
1*90. 2122 Fillmore et. : phone Geary 2053.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoat*
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. Londoa
Tailor, 721 Market tt.
TOU can buy $70 worth of furniture for $1 .5o
■ down and II 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post st.. near Powell.
ELECTRIC light baths; ' hot and cold tub
baths. 467 Geary *t. . -
C E. JEWETT, purchasing agent; country
orders. 305 Laritlw. r. 49. tel. 8outh 319.
BUITS to order on Installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS CO.. the tailors. 729 Market «V
EASY Installments for Men and Youths. Suits
to order. Co-operative Tailoring, 1117 Mkt.
'$1 a week; suits to order $15 up. LEMOS. 1127
Market St., ' bet. Seventh and Eighth. ,
ONE' dollar weekly keeps you in fine clotDing.
Art Tailoring. 1644 Mkt.'. under St. Nicholas.
ELEGANT suits to order, extra pants or fancy
ve«t*. for $14 78. Fred Wagner. 850 Market.
Superfluous hair removed; electric needle. Mrs.
Eaton.369 Sutter. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary,r.38.
TAILOR-MADB suit $7 50; drea* pant* $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor.cor.Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restore* gray
hair to Its nautral color.$l at all druggists'.
PURCHASING AGEHOIES.
CLARA E. JEWETT, purchasing agent; conn-
try orders a specialty; correspondence solicit-
ed. 305 Larkin st.. room 49; tel. South 319.
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg.. 632 Market st.
TjEQATj NOTICES. :
DISSOLUTION of copartnership— LUIGf~ROsI
CELLI and JOSEPH MARENQO have, by
mutual consent, this day dissolved copart-
nership. the said JOSEPH MARENGO hav-
. ing purchased the entire Interest of said
LUIGI ROSCELLI In the stock in trade and
business heretofore owned and conducted, at
the city ' and county of San Francisco, by
said copartnership. San -• Francisco. Cal .
November 25. 1904. LUIGI ROSCELLI.
ALL outstanding bills against restaurant 73
1 McAllister ' st:. must be presented before
December 14, 1DC4, as I will sell rtlt on that
date. ,-,-j . • GEORGE MEGICA.
"ON and after this date I will not be responsible
' for any debts Incurred by my wife. MARIB
ACKERMANN. - CLAUS ACKERMANN. • ■«
_J»EAI« ESTATE — CITT — POB HAXE.
W. J. GUXN,
530 CALIFORNIA ST.
(Savings Union Building.)
i $liOO — Union st.. on north, or sunny, side; 2
lots., 27.6x110; ready for building; ma-
rina view; these lots must be sold; a
bargain can be had; make offer; de-
! sirable residence* to go up on the ad-
j Joining lots; positively the cheapest lots
! In Western Additicn; cars pass In front.
: $1900— For 2 lots. 60x120 on east side Elev»-
enth ave.. 225 feet south from Point
IV-: Lobos ave.: ready for building; street
j graded, macadamized and - sewered: a
bargain can be had. /
1 W. J. GUNN.
630 CALIFORNIA ST.
FOR SALE.
48 BY 100.
ON FILLMORE STREET.
ONLY $3500.
MORTGAGE OF $2000 AT 6 PER CENT MAY
' REMAIN.
THOMAS MAGEE * SONS.
' 5 MONTGOMERY ST.
• BUILDERS, ATTENTION!
' SO FEET.
ELLIS STREET.
CLOSE TO TAYLOR.
CHEAP.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS,
5 MONTGOMERY BT.
ONLY A FEW LE3TJ\
$1 23 PER WEEK.
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
I 1 $200 for choice lots. Excelsior Homestead
Tract; level as a billiard table; on grade;
close to fine school and Mlsslon-st. electric
cars; bound to double in value,
j $400 each, on installments of $10 per month;
I no taxes^ fine lots, near Ocean boulevard;
j best residence location south of Golden Gat*
I Park; these are the cheapest lots In this dl»-
j trict; advancing in price repidly.
W. J. WHITE.
29 Montgomery st.. r. 8. Phone Main 5704.
$5700— IF you want a 7 -room modern home
you cannot do better: take Masonic-ave. car
and get off at Shrader St.; owner on the
premises. 1047 Shrader st.
NEW, sunny flats. $7000; half cash; Golden
Gate ave.. near Central ave. ; 3 and 6 rooms,
bath; attics; 2 basements; room* tinted and
frescoed: open dally; street work complete.
COTTAGE, 6 rooms, bath; nice garden; 23x
114; $200; terms reasonable. See owner. 43S
Parrott bulldlns.
MARINE view lot. 23x137:6 with L 30x100;
Filbert, bet. Brodorick and Baker. MULLER.
Bay and Webster.
A NEW 5-room residence. Just completed. Bee
owner, 525 Seventh ave., Richmond.
STANDARD portable shower baths sold by
Ahlbach A Mayer, plumbers. 83C Howard *t-
FOR sale — 6- room cottage and bath. 41 Rich*
land avenue. Owner on premises Sunday.
I BEAK ESTATE — COUNTBT — Por Sal*.
$5000 — 80 ACRES of land, all under cultiva-
tion, with improvements. In orchard section
of Sutter County; only three miles from
county seat and on line of new Irrigation
ditch.
A snap If taken soon, but will not keep. .
M. J. NEWKOM.
408 Second St.. Marysvllle. CaL
SALE er exchange for city property; sacrifice;
I6o acres, Napa Co.; 60 acres In cultivation;
fruit. Tines and grain: fully equipped and
paying; beautiful place: gentleman's horn*.
EHADBURNE. 40S Montgomery st.
FOR homestead — Fine vacant quarter section*
in the Stockton Land District. For partic-
ulars call or address with ctamp C. H.
WYMAN. Stockton. Cal.
" ATTENTION, HOMESEEKERS!
Send postal for catalogues of the best land
bargains tn California. C. M. WOOSTER CO..
648 Market st.
CONTRA Costa County real estate for sale.
Send for list. D. J. WEST. Martinez. CaL
SAN MATEO HEAL ESTATE.
LOMITA PARK— On line of San Mateo electrio
cars. 45 minutes from Fifth and Market sts.;
outside the fog belt . and just beyond where
the S. P. Co.'s bay shore "cut-off" will Join
the main line; 50-foot lots from $400 up,
. terms from $10 to $50 down and balance at
■ ' rate of $10 a month: sewer and water pipes
in front of every lot; pure artesian well
water; over one-half lots sold since August
1; an exceptional opportunity to secure a lot
tn this, desirable section; take the electric
car* and get off at "LOMITA PARK" aad
Investigate; maps sent on application,
6ELBY. RODGER6 A- CO..
118 California St.: Tel. Main 673.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'NTS
WILSON'S Inn. 2144 University ave.— A toe,
modern house; central location. A. H. WIL-
SON.
OAKLAND ADYERT ? S y M ? TS
OFFICE. 101 « BROADWAY.
„ OAZItAjn) BSAI. ESTATE.
FOR sale, cheap: short distance from Key
Route and Santa Fe depot, property of 4
lots. 50x100: cash: with good 8-room house
with high basement; windmill and tank, sta-
bles and chlcken-houwes; or wtlfr exchange for
ranch cr alfalfa land. Call or address 890
Forty-fifth et.. near Market. Oakland.
A SNAP— Choice lot. 110x125, SW. cor. 21st
and Myrtle sts. ; will b? sold as a whole or
in subdivisions: sold to settle an estate. 143.1
Myrtle st.. Oakland. ;;>- ;
OAKX.AXTO PtJSNITUKE FOB SALE.
TO-MORltOW th* day for bargains In furnt-
ture. H. Schclbaas. 11th rt..cor.store.Oaktand
San Francisco Advertisem'ts
ROOMS FOR HOTT3KEEPINO.
CALIFORNIA. 1247— Private part of flat of 2-3
rooms; gas range.
.FIFTH. 35.-J — 3 furnished housekeeping, $15;
also 2, $10 50; one single hall, $5.
FOI.'RTH. 491—2 rooms furnished for house-
keeping; gas store; no 'children.
GEARY. 1225 — Fine front. »unny. bay-window
suite; all conveniences; location of th* best;
marine view; terms reasonable.
GEARY. 1937 — Three nicely furnished house-
keeping rooms. Call between 9 and S. •
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 357 — Newly fur. sunny
rooma; hot. cold water; porcelain bath; gas.
GROVE, 32— Unfurnished room* for hous*-
keeplng.
HAIGHT. 218 — Housekeeping room* to l*t.
HARRISON, 405 — New house; furnished
rooms; housekeeping; rooms; hot and cold
water; electric llxht; bath.
HARRISON,. 748— $10 suite; single housekeep- j
Ing rocms. front, aunny, $6 to f 10; gaa, laun-
dry.
HOWARD. 829 — Housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD. 822 — 2 front housekeeping room*;
rent $4 week; gas and coal stove.
JESSIE. 323 — Sunny front room, gaa range,
sink; good bed and cot: $3 25 week.
JONES, 207 — Sunny front rooms, «n suite and
single; light housekeeping. ~- .
KENILWORTH. cor. Bu*h and Powell — Three- '
room sunny apartments; steam heat; cen. loo.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartment*. 1340 Pine —
Sunny furnished 3-room suites; steam heated.
Uectric lighted; free baths; rates reasonable.
LANGTON. 212%. • near 7th— 2 unfurnished
rooms; housekeeping; large sunny yard.
MCALLISTER, 14 — Large, sunny, unfurnished
rooms, suitable light housekeeping; very
, reasonable; elevator.
MINNA. 108— Front room for light housekeep- :
Ing; $8 month. # :
MINNA. 546 — Furnished ' room*, complet* for
housekeeping. .
O'FARRELL, 786 — Sunny . front housekeeping
room. $12; gaa Included. :
O'FARRELL, 920— Two lovely front rooms.
housekeeping; *un all day; ba*em«nt *nlta>
housekeeping; reasonable.
OAK. 117 — Comclete for housekeeping, $3 t»
$12; gaa range: hot bath: adult*.
81XTEENTH. 3428 — Housekeeping room*, fur^
nished; \phone, gas, bath; no children.
TAYLOR,' 911 — Two furnished attlo sonny
rooms, gas range, $9; 1 aunny room, gas
range, $7 CO.
THIRD, 30S — New. management; clean rooms
for housekeeping; quiet, respectable; rate*
reasonable. . , ■ \
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at ]
Call branch office, - cor. Duncan and Churo* '
m APARTMENTS TOLET.
GOLDEN WESX^Apartments. 414 Golden Gat*
ave.; open about December 12; unfurnished
apartments: rooms to let.
_J*OjOTIS^O^jUCTj— PxOT^juxdJ^Lfnni.
ATKINS, cor. Third *t- and Park Un«— N*w
brick building; all sunny rooma; hot and cold
water; electric lights; only first-class house
to locality; rooms » 50 week and up.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 149 Sixth it.— Rooms
Z5c to $1 per night. $1 23 to $5 per week' and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "Th« Almonte," R73 Market rt. (or Not 1
Fifth rt.)— Rooms. 25c. 00c. $1. $1 50 nlghtj
$1 50 to $10 week; home open all night.
BELMOND House; over Owl drug »tore: 1 en-
trances. 1128 Market and 21 Turk— Electrio
lights; running water In every room; 200
rooms; 25c to 60c per night; $1 23 to $3 week.
EDDY. 110, Launston— Fine furnished room*:
best transient; opp. Tlvoll. 60c up per night.
EDDY. 804— Nic« slngl* room; also house-
keeping rooma to let.
ELLIS. 1101. cor. Gough— Private famllyt M
large sunny front rooms; rent low.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. S57 — Newly furnished
sunny rooms; also singles to let.
GOUGH. 1311— On* furnished *xmny room to
let
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission— Rooma 33a
to $1 25 night; $1 50 to $3 wk.; reading-room.
HOWARD. 713 — FUrnls&ed rooms, single or
double: central location.
KEA1NT, 418 — New management; strictly
1st c.'as*; $2 50 week np; fine transient house.
HOWARD. 833— Nlc*. rainy, bay-window
rooma.
LIBERTY. 2. corner Valencia— 2 cr 8 sunny
rooms with or without board.
MARKET. 1049 (The Falmouth)— Sunny rooms;
$2 50 to $7 week; baths; elevator.
MARKET. 1104— Sunny furnished front room*
to let.
METROPOLITAN Hotel. 129 Third rt.— 408
single and family rooms 35c to $1 50 per day.
$2 to JS per week: the only new and modern
hotel and rooming-house in San Francisco
that baa office on ground floor, hot and cold
water, electric lights, call bell*, steam heat
in every room and gives free baths and ele-
* vator service day and night to It* gueat*.
MCALLISTER. 41«, fiat 3 — Nice sunny fur-
nished double room, suitable 1. 2 gentlemen.
O'FARRELL. 5^6— Sunny front room; quiet
block; business center: reasonable.
POLK, 207%— Small furnished rcsma to 1A;
rent cheap.
ROOMS FOR RENT.
The Pacific Coast Room Renting Agency has
opened offices at 2S9 Post st. If you want a
room, suite of rooms or fiat call and see us.
We can furnish you furnished or unfurnished
rooms and save you time, trouble and money.
Full description, prices, etc.. phone John «581.
ROYAL HOUSE. 128 Ellis— Incandescent light*;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms per night, 35c to $1 50; week. S3
to $S; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; room* with hot and cold water; baths.
THE LARCHMONT. 361 Sutter— New man-
agement; new bldg.: finely furnished, wita
hot and cold water, steam heat and bath*;
fine location and reasonable rate*.
THE ST. KATHRYN. CORNER ELLIS AND
LEAVENWORTH STS.— POSITIVELY THH
SUNNIEST ROOMS IN THE CITY; NEW
SANITARY HAIR MATTRESSES. BATH3.
ELECTRO LIGHTS, TELEPHONB SERV-
ICE. HOT AND COLD 'WATER: EVERT
MODERN CONVENIENCE: ELEVATOR
ALL HOURS; ROOMS FROM $3 WEEK.
TURK. 123 — Clean, sunny, furnished rooms.
with or without board; $5 up.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, nr. Market — tOO
room? 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to $8 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water In every
room; elevator, read. -room; free bus; baggag*.
WEBSTER. 1560— Sunny furnished room; bath.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Sd St., nr. Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
85c to $1 50 nightly; $2 to $S week: elevator;
elec. Ughta; reading-room: free bus; baggage.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions ha*
been opened at 1008 Market rt.. oppoitu
Fifth. Open until II p. m.
HOTEL L'AIGLON. SOI Geary st— Lars*
sunny rooms, board: suites, with board for 2
$5O mo.; single, with board. $23 up; special
family rates: Just renovated.
HLLIS, 453 — Fine furnished rooms tn good lo-
cation; fin* French table board; reasonable.
MAS/5N. «15A. near Sutter— Sunny front
room; board if desired.
NEWDX furnished rooms, all sunny: hot and
cold water; board if desired. 1155 Octavia.
CALIFORNIA. SOT — Best rooms, tabl* mad
ktrvice in the city for the least money.
O'FARRELL. '553— Nicely fur. rim. and board;
German home cooking; phone Larkin 367Qt
ROOMS AND BO ASP WANTED.
WANTED — By business gentleman, room and
boasd in email, private family, where there
arg no other boarders. Box 2S11, Call office.
BOOMS^W ANTED.
WANTED — Two unfurtilsih^i hoaseke#p7n»
rooms and kitchen, with use of basement,
for two adults: In East Oakland. Mission or
Richmond District; will call Sunday Box
UP, Call office.
REFINED lady wants pleasant sunny room;
use of piano; $8 to $10. Box 1188. Call.
j, stop ssunmrch ~™
GUARANTEED cure; send 50c; tablet form:
mailed in olaln package:- ha* cured thou-
sanda. L L. C. CO.. 417 Hayward bldg.. 8.J*.
PROPOSALS. ~
DEPARThIeNT OF^lrHiPiNTERioR. United
States Geological Survey. Reclamation Ser-
vice. Washington.D. C. November 22, 1904
Bealed proposals will be received at the of-
fice of the United States Reclamation Ser-
vice, Phoenix, Arizona, until 9 o'clock a.
m.. January 5, 1906. for the delivery of 50,000
barrels, more or lees, of fuel oil at Mesa or
Roosevelt. Arizona, and for the hauling of
miscellaneous freight. Specifications and
forms of proposal may be obtained from
Lou*) C. Hill. Engineer, United States Geo.
logical Survey. Phoenix. Arizona, or from
the 'Chief Engineer. United State* Geological
Survey. Washington, D. C. Each bid must
be accompanied by a certified check for $1000
pa^bl* to the order of the Secretary of th"i
Interior, a* a guaranty that th* bidder will.
If successful, promptly execute a satisfactory
contract and furnish bond In fh« sura of
$20,000 ,for th* delivery of th* oil and the
hauling. The right ta reserved to reject any
and all bids, to accept one part and reject
the other, and to waive technical defects,
as the interests of the service may require.
Bidder* are Invited to be present. Proposals
must be marked, "Proposals for th* Delivery
of Oil for th* Salt River Project, Ariaona,."
TH03. RYAN. Acting Secretary.
PROPOSALS for box lockers— Office Depot
Quartermaster, 38 N*w Montgomery »t., San
Francisco. Cal., Dec. 7, 1004— Sealed pro-
posals In triplicate, subject to usual condi-
tions, will b« received her* until 10 o'clock
a. m., Friday. Jan, A. 1900. and then opened,
for furnishing 5oC<>box lockers (more or less)
at the San Francisco depot. The United
State* reserve* the right to accept or reject
any or all bid* or any. part thereof. In-
formation and blank proposals will b* fur-
nished on application. Envelopes containing
proposals to b« marked. "Proposal for box
locker*. No. 8400." and addressed to MAJOR
C. A. DEVOL. Q. M.. U. S. A.. Depot Quar-
termaster.
$20,000 MUNICIPAL watrr works bonds, town
of Wheatland for sale, untaxabl*. bearing 3
Kr cent Interest; serial 40 years: bids win
received up to Mcnday. Dec. 6. 1904. cer-
tified check of 10 per cent to accompany bid.
For Information address R. N. MURPHY,
Town Clerk. Wheatland. Cal.
DIVIDEND NO -i-.il! .uS.
AMERICAN CAN CO.— A quarterly dividend
of IU Per cent ha* this day been declared
CDon the preferred stock of this company,
payable on January 1. 1905. to stockholders
of record at the clos* of business December
19 1904. The transfer book* will be closed
**' to th* preferred *tock from December 20
to January 1, inclusive. Check* will b*
mailed. R. H. ISMON. Secretary. Decem-
ber 5. 180*- ""
DIVIDEND notice — The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con.: A dividend. Na 72, of fifty
cents (50c) per share on the issued capital
~ ttock of the company has been declared, pay-
able at the office of the company, rooms 202.
204 and 206 Hayward bldg.. San Francisco
©n December 10, 1004. Transfer books do**'
rxrember 8. 1904. at noon. C. C. Qulnn, 8«a.
For Additional Classified Advertise,
rnents See Page Fourteen,
1314
SEWIlJO^lL^HISES^A^nD^rrpPIjIES. j
IA.KE Chrittmas with a sift of a White: best
t*»-lng machine on earth: prices lrom $10 to I
R1OQ: pay only $:5 per month ir you wlfh.
•n,e i-.pw retail office of the White is at »15
Market ct.
JL F.aUf; 2d hand. ?2. f."». t~. V>. new.$4. $*;
(Jrop Leecn. 5 drawer, gola^r. orIc.JIj: rental,
irraired: lowest T3.tr>. National Automatic
h. M. Co.. 14r> Sixth Ft.: trl. Jessie 3.»tf.
3MKSTIC — The machine for family us«: best
I* cceapest: recond-liand ail makes at any
ir'c*: fJ! k1r>» rented lowest rate*. Domes-
it.- office. Kl Market »t.. near Sixth.
Vl kind* second-hand J3. $5. *S: sUsThtly
■:te& $10 $15. 120: you know where the dol»
► wing in" the window. 1051 Market St.
X. kln<J(> boupht. Fold »nd repairing eusran-
i>^d. CHAP I'LAMBFCK. IMS Mission «t.
STOEiOr; Ajro^WAREHOTTSES^^
-FmVoRIL'M 6torag« L. Van Co.; furniture,
household roods utored. mo\-ed. shipped. 72J-
;si Howard >t.. nr. Third: phone Grant lot.
il'lTAL Van and Ftorage Co.. 3 Kddy St.:
rhoce Mint 2941: JOHN F. COOFEH. pres.;
tumiture moved, packed, rhlpped and st&rwl.
ERCE-KODOLPH Storare & Moving Co.. of-
fice Port ard Pcwell tte. : tel: PrL Ex. 571.
,-^ClKIC Ftors«r»> and Furniture Moving Com-
pacj. 23T0 Fillmor* st. : phone Jackmn 2»1.
I3EKINS Van a?5(J 8torar» Co.. 11 Montgomery
t.: tfl. Main T»4(>. Shipping at cut rates.
SPECIALJHiOTICES; (
SCO HEWARD—
vnLL OF. PAID FOR INFORMATION
U3ADIXG TX) ARRE5T AND CONVICTION
<^T PlRTJ- WHO CAUSED NETS OF
VNION PHRIMI' COMPANY. IN CONTRA
OOFTA COl'NTY. TO BE DI-STKOTED ON
THREE DIFFERENT OCCASIONS.
Mf>RPE HETKCTIVE SERVICE. 4:tO Kearny.
TTPEX7BITEES j a.iro STTKPIiIES. B
AN exceptionally sood No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Eir.lth Premier. $25; other typewriters ax
hl«ber and lower prices; rentals $2 60. Tb»
Typewriter Exchange. &30 California at.
ID-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
TVt-bster T>-p»writ!nr Inap^c. Co.. 60S Market.
STITTTEKIKO AB9 STAXS3£EBXXQ^^
EX PA NilON OFlStEUBOURN E ■ SCHOOLS—
Dowr.tcwn. '21 Franklin. r»tr McAllister. 8
to 12 Open-air school, S10 Diamond St.: tel.
Cfcpp 517:;: 1 to a p. m. Details at either.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses were issued yesterday as I
follcws: i
William F. McCollum. 21. 150.1 Washington i
street, and l<1a U Siwncer. 21. 1C17 Jones »<t.
John A. Holt. :». Bullion, and Anna G. Dow, ;
22, Mlchiffan Bluff. '■
John E. Nordcjuist. 30. 112?»4 Turk street. •
and Hilda. Ak^rson. 25. 112SH Turk street.
William C. R. Murray. 25, city, and Annie
K. JL Irvine. 25. city.
Antonio M. Fero. 37, 24 Varennes street, and
Filomena Rlnaldi. 24. 24 Varennts etreet.
Thom.-»(« Conway. 31. 128 Ninth avenue, and
JUr:a Bourdon. 27. Rouen. France.
Alfred H. EEceffier. 21. C Bernard street, and
Etta Chick. 18. 2117 Jane* street. :
O.arlei" L.. Knowlton. .".(J. 4^2 Ellis street, |
and Mara S. Flanders. 2S. Concord. N. U. . j
Jis. ;; i; J. Preb>. 4:>. Kile*, and Rachel Her-
OA. 3i. Nile?.
George O. Kaufman, 35. Lodi. and Jennie
Scllar*. 25. Ledi.
Antonio Mattcri. 2». Tomal's. and Adele
Crrir.i. 2<>. Tomales.
Peter Moocl:. 40. 2:.O Perrj- etreet. and Ellz-
aboih P. Moock. 41. I'V* 1'erry »trect. ;
■ . ■ I ! I * j
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, rr.arriare and death notices cent by !
mail srfll net t* inserted. They must be handed
in at olth*r cf the publication offices and b» I
indorsed with the name and residence of p*r- ■
Frrt authorized to have the Fame published, i
Notices restricted simply to the announcement ■
«>f the «>v*nt are rub! -shed once in this column !
free of charge.
BORX.
- METER— In this city. December S, 1904, to |
the wife of Ri. hard Meyer, a ten. . j
MARRIED.
GOMEZ— ERAT— In this cit}-. December 7. j
1W4. by tht- Rev. Oeorce W. White, pastor '
of the Central M. E. Church. Julio M. Uomea '
. T Monterey and IJos-'ie Bray of San Fran-
CUScO.
JJAnCHINGTON— ROV.LAND— In this city, j
December 8. 1904. at Grace Church, by the ■
Rev. David Evans. John W. Marchlnston ;
and Allot- Rowland, both ol San Francisco. ■
DIED.
Bennett. Helen B.— «. Holm. Elna— 95.
•JWtucci. Alfn»o— 1. Hughff, Catherine — 70. :
Booth. Julia r>ouglas. ; Jones, Win. B. — Z£.
posie John T. — «. Kleen. Henry— 4S.
Jiurhans. Wm. J. — GO. 'Laldlfj-, Henry J.— 78.
Butler. Mr*. Elizabeth L-ynn. Alexander — 43. '■
«'Arey. li«-rtha— 25. :Mc<;illl'-uddy. Eugene. !
• fcambcrlain. N.D. — CT> Murray. Richard— 75.
Connie. Lirs>. L,. E. Natiian. Charlotte L.
I>empi*oy. }»etor — 37. «)lM-n. Emma — 32.
J«rohan, JamrF — 3». Parry. Adam M. — 69. i
Feeley. William — 64. Pechr^r. Caroline — 50. j
J-Vlton. Chsp. — 10 .Jay» Kattlgaa. Maggie.
TlrhfT. M:-s. Mar- Reur-en, George— SS.
!-5fl. Ryall, John — 50.
:a?par— 81. Shwcbs, Frank A.— 27 I
")avld J. — 57. Sullivan, Margaret — 54 j
Katharine E. Tischer. Dr. Fritz— 50. '
ile. Stephs- ITorjicy. Michael. I
4. Tracpy. Mrs. Julia.
Clla J— C\. Von liereen. John— 88. '.
Catherine — 57. jV.'ells, Asa R. — 75. I
sck, W!lma(Wertheimer. Ix.u:s — 63 i
-4 mos. Zam lirt-sky. Peter— 7x \
TT — In this city. December 4, 1904, i
Beraice, beloved daughter of Alfred j
lary Bennett, a native of Fan Fran- I
aged 4 y-ars and 'J months.
JCI— In this city. December 7. 1904. I
beloved con of llary and th« i
;-.^r>s liertucci. and brother of Ed- i
Ernett. Emma. Irene. A I Lira and I
e Bortuccl. and grandson of Mrs. A. !
a native cf Fan l"ianclsco, aged 1 i
1 months and 28 days,
■^ri^ndu and acqualntan'^es are reapect-
nvited to attend the funeral Saturday,
ibor lt». at 1 p. m., from the residence i
parents, 407 Filbert street, between j
t and Kearay. Interment Italian ;
ery. i
— In Pirdmont. December S 3904 Julia I
a.* Rooth, beloved wife of Lucius A.
and moth<»r of Mrs. C. H. Phelps of i
..,= .. Tork and Mrs. P. L. Sherman Jr. of
l J l»>dmont, a native of New Jersey.
CFiiends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services Saturday, Decem-
ber 10. 1904 at 2 p. m.. at her late residence
tt Piedmont. Interment private.
BOYLE— In this < ity. December 7. 1904. John
T.. dearly beloved husband of Minnie Boyle,
and beloved son of Annie" and the late
I Robert Boyl*. and brother of Mrs. E. Pettl-
t>»au, Mr*. D. Hayes and Robert and Mar-
Raret Boylp. a native 'of Washington, D. C. :
seed 44 year* 2 months and 22 days. A mem-
t*r of Oclden Gate Camp No. 64 Woodmen
Of xb* World.
E7"Friend9 a.nd acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday). December 10, at 8:30 a. m..
from the i-arlora of H. F. Suhr & Co . Ii:J7
Mission Etreet, between Seventh and Eighth
thence to Et. John's Church < Mission road),
where a solemn requiem high nun will be
celebrated for the recose of his soul, xom-
menclni; at 9:30 a. m. Interment Holy
Cress Cemetery.
JRHANS— In this city. December 8 1904
at hie residence. 417 Turk street. William
John, dearly beloved hunband of Maria Bur-
hans. and loving father of William C .
Eugene P. and Paulina M. Durban? and
beloved brother of Herman J. Burha'n* a
native cf Schermbeck be! We*el, Germany
aged 60 years 11 months and 5 days.
BUTLER— An anniversary requiem mass will
be celebrated fcr the reoofie of the soul of
Mra. EJtrabrth M. Hntler at 8 o'clock Sat-
urday morning. December 10, 1904 at St
IpnatiUK Churrh. Friends and acquaintances
are invited to attend.
CARET— In this city, December 5, 1904 Ber- ;
tha. beloved wife of Cornelius J Carey
I mother of James Cornelius Carey, daughter
of Joseph F. and the late Ida Strombere
and sister of Joseph F.. John F. Henry C
Ilichard. Elizabeth and the late Herman
Stromberr. a native of Han Francisco aged
25 year* 4 months and 21 days. '
E7Fricnds and acquaintances' are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday
December 9. at 9:30 a. m.. from the parlors
of Mr Fadden, McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mis-
tloa street, between Seventh and Eichth
thtnee to £t. Patrick's Churrh. where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul at 10 a. m. Interment
Holy Crose Cemetery.
CHAMBERLAIN— In Oxnard. Cal. November
J». ' 1904. Norrls Day, beloved ■ husband of
E!!* Mayhf-w Chamberlain, and father of
Belle C. Norrls M.. Newel! D. and Adele
M. Chamberlain, a native cf Ohio, aged C3
yt-ars and 10 month*.
CONRAD— In thi* city, December 6. 1904
Mrs). L.. E. Conrad, mother of John G. Con-
rad and Dr. David Ccnrad.
E»"T»w funeral will take place from her
ltte residence. 2(129 Clay utreet; to-day
KtNRY J. CALLACHER CO.
(Enccessors to Flannaean & Gallagher).
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. MgT.
FL'NERAL. DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth ct.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
- Funeral Directors and Embalraers
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple,
NOW at &66 MISSION. Tel. South 16T.
Between Fourth and Fifth. . near Fifth «C *
Finest Equipments at Moderate Bat«aV
(Friday),' at 10 a. m. Interment private.
Please omlt-flowerr.
DFMPSEY — In this city, December 8, 1004,
Peter beloved i-.usband of Mary Demrs*y.
and father of May. Agnes. Annie, Peter and
Marguerite Dcmpsey, and brother of Bernard
nnd Luke Dempsey, a native of County
Wlcklow Ireland, aged .17 years. A member
of Unity Alliance No. 14, St. Patrick's Al-
llanoe of America.
CTFrien>l9 and acquaintances are respect-*
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at tf:30 a. m., from the parlors
of McFadden, McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mis-
sion «treet, between Seventh and Eighth,
then*** to St. Vincent de Paul's Church,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul at 9:3J
a. m. Interment Holy Crcrs Cemetery.
Funeral detail of Unity Alliance will
please afisemhle at 1173 Mission street. Sat-
urday, at 8:30 a. m. to attend the funeral of
our late brother, Peter Dempsey. Per order
» jas. McDonald, Pres.
J. J. McCOVERN. Sec.
DROHAN— In the City and County Hospital,
December 8, 1SKM. James Drohan. a native
of Mafsachrsstts. aced 30 years. -'"'■•' - "
FEELEY— In thlx city, December S, I»04, at
hl» residence, 116 Erie etreet. William, be/
loved husband of the late Catherine Feeley.
and loving father of Willie. Cormick.
Thomas. Jame?. Johnnie and Annie Feeley
and the late Mary Curren, and brother of
Conrick Feeley. and grandfather of Mary
and Kate Curren, a native of Ireland, aged
(>4 years and (? months. *
FELTON— In Oakland. December S. 19<W. st
13(14 Sixteenth ptreet. Charles BiRlev. be-
loved eon of Merrick and Georgia Felton. a
native of Oakland, Cal.. aged 10 days.
FISHER— In this city. December 7. 1904, at
the residence of her daughter, Mrs. Ida
Hudson. 19S3 Howard street, Mrs. Margaret
Fisher, beloved wife of the late Frank II.
Fisher and mother of Mrs. Ida Hudson of
this city and Mrs. Ella Garwood of Hanford,
a native of Wayne County, Ohio, aged 59
years end 8 months.
IC7*FrlendB and scqualntances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Saturday.
December 10. at 2 p. m.. from the residence
of her daughter. 19**5 Howard street. Ser-
vices under the atifpicee of Yoi=cmlte Coun- I
cil No. 19, Degree of Pocahontas.' Incinera-
tion Odd FeJlows' Crematory.
FITCH— In this city. December 7, 1904,
Caspar, beloved husband of the late Julia
Fitch, and uncle of Anna and Julia Me- /
Cany, a native of Germany, aged 81 years
8 months and IS days.
ET'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend funeral services Fri-
day, December 9. ]«04. at 9:15 a. m.. from
his late residence. 2S5S Railroad avenue.
South San Francisco, thence to All Hallows
Church. Sixteenth avenue, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9:30 a. m. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FOLEY— In this city. December 7. 1904. David
J., husband of the late Catherine Foley. and
father of Mamie. Thomas nnd the late Joseph I
D. Foley. and brother of Thomas Fcley. Mrs.
F. Grothaus. lire. B. Nankurvis and Mrs. T.
Atkinsm, a native of County Cork. Ireland,
a^ed 57 vears. A member of Unity Lodge
No. 27. A. O. U. W.
C^"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at !» a. m., from his late resi-
dence, 14 Yerba Buena street, thence to St.
Mary's (PauliFt) Church for services at 9:30
a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
Hall of Unity Lodge Xo. 27, A. O. U. W.,
22'i Sutter street. — The funeral escort Is
hereby notified to assemble at the hall to-
morrow (Saturday), at it a. m., to attend
the funeral of <-ur late brother, David J.
Foley. Fines will bs strictly enforced. By
order of
. JAMES McALLEN, Master Workman.
H. URIMSIIAW. Recorder.
GALVIN— A solemn requiem anniversary high
ir.afs will be clebraled for the repese of the 1
eoul of the iate Katharine E. Galvln. Fri- !
<".ay. December 9, at St. Brlgld'n Church. /
Van Ness avenue, commencins at 0 a. m. j
Kriencis and acquaintances are invited to at-
tend. . :
IIKNRIOULLE— In this city, December 6. j
HHM. Stephanie (Nina), dearly beloved and j
only dauehter of Gresoire and Fellcie Hen- j
riou'.le, a native of San Francisco, aged 24 1
years. v • 3.;vl
JCrFriendsi and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday, i
December 11. at 12:15 p. in., from the resi- t
dftnee of Iwr carents, 571 A Minna street, !
thence to the Church of Notre Dane des !
Vtctolres. Hush ptreet, near Stockton, for
j^rvlct'i 1 , rcmmpnclnc at 1 p. m. Interment
Holy Cress Cemetery-.
HICKS— In this city. December 8. 1904. Ella
J.. dearly beloved wife of the late Charles
H. Hicks, and devoted mother of Mrs. A. J.
Holmes, Mrs. Uave Jones. Mrs. R. (.'. Cun-
ningham and Carl P., Ralph W. and Lottie
Hicks, a native of Cambridge, Ohio, aged 01
years 9 months and 2» days. J
HOGAN — In thi« city. December S, 1904.
Catherine, beloved wife of the late Patrick I
Jlogan, and beloved mother of Edward T. i
and Margaret Elizabeth Hogan. a native of !
County Watrrford, Ireland, aged 57 years.
HOLLEXBECK— In East Oakland. December !
8. 1904. at 1139 East Nineteenth btreft. Wil-
rca ICIIm. belovtd daughter of George B.
and Jean I.' Hollenbeck, and Bister of., Lor-
raine Hollenbeck. a native of California, aged
4 months and 25 days.
C.J'j'rier.ds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services j
to-morrow (Saturday). December 10. 1904. at 1
11 a. m.. at the family residence, il39 Ka>t
Nineteenth street, Ea*t Oakland.
HOLM— In this city. December 8, 1904, Elna
Holm, beloved mother of Gustaf, Olof and
Johan Ho!m and Mrs. Elia Leriche. and
moth«-r-ln-Iaw of Mrs. Maria Holm, a na-
tive of Sweden, acd .95 years nnd 20 days.
HUGHES— In this city. December «. 1904.
Catherine, dearly beloved wife of the late
Patrick Hughe?, and loving mother of Ber-
nard. Thomas, .Patrick Jr.. Joseph and
James Hughes. Mrs. William J. Bell Mrs.
Eward M. Wall and Mrs. John F. Sullivan,
a native of County Cavan. Ireland, aged "0
years.
E7"Frier.ds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday.
December 9. 1904. at 9:30 a. m.. from her
late residence, 781 Stevenson street, be- j
tKfen Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Jo- !
t-pph's Church, where a solemn requiem high !
rn»>s will be celebrated for the repose of her
*oul. commencing at 1<> a. m. Interment j
Holy Croes Cemetery. '■
JONES— In Oakland, December 7. 1904 Wil-
liam B.. beloved son of William S. and the
late Sarah B. Jones, and brother of Arthur ■
H. and Annie A. Jones, a native of Chicago, j
111., aged .":. years. '
Z.yi riends and acquaintances are respect- I
fully Invited to attend the funeral services }
this (Friday) afternoon. December 9, 1904, 1
at 2 o'clock, at the Market-street Congrega- 1
tlonal Church, corner of Eighteenth and j
Maikti street?, Oakland. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery. .
; KLEEN— In this city, December S. 1904, at
; hi* ie6ldence. 2S>03 Sixteenth Btreet, corner
Folsom, Henry, dearly beloved husband of
Dorette Kleen, and lovintr father of Anna
M. Kleen. and brother of Mrs. C. C Butt
! and Mm. A. Melnecke. a native of Bremer-
; voerde. Germany, aited 4S years 2 months
and 24 days.
j LAIDLEY— In this city. December 7, 1904.
Henry J.. beloved husband of Elizabeth
: Laldley. and father of IxMilse B. Deal, a
native of Portugal, aged 76 years 6 months
and 13 days.
C7"The funeral sen-ices will be held this
day (Friday), at 10 a. m., at the funeral par-
lors cf Bunker & Lu.it. 26C6 Mission street,
between Twenty-second and Twenty-third
(Mission Masonic Temple). Interment strictly
private. Please omit flower*.
LYNN— In this city. December 7, 1904, Alex-
ander Lynn, beloved brother of Mrs. F. An-
nie Helgesson. Chsrles and the late Morlta
Lynn, a native of Gottenburg, Sweden, aged
4.. years, a member of Court Bonita No. 41),
K of A., San Francisco Circle No. 267, C. of
F. of A., and White Eagle Tribe No. 72,
Improved Order of Red Men.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-
day (Friday), at 1 p. m., from the parlors
of the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking Com-
pany, 20 Fifth street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
McGILLICUDDY— In this city. December «.
1904. Eugene, beloved husband of the late
Mary McGllllcuddy. and father of Margaret
McGllllcuddy. a native of County Kerry. Ire-
land.
(ETTha funeral will take place to-day
(Friday), at 8:30 a. m.. from his late resi-
dence. 1204 Howard street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his noul, commencing at 9 a. m. Interment
private, in Holy Cross Cemetery.
MURRAY — In this city. December 8. 1804.
Richard Murray, a native of the parish of
Bohenneen, County Meath, Ireland, aged 75
years and & months.
C7Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains 1
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor &. Co.. 767
Mission etreet.
NATHAN— In this city. December 8, 1904,
Charlotte Lehnhardt Nathan, beloved wife
of Hermann Nathan, and daughter of Henry
*ind Julia Lehnhardt. and sister of Emll and
Ottille Lehnhardt and Mrs. E. O. Webb a
native of New York.
CTInterment private. No flowers. ,•
OLSEN— In this city. December 7. 1904.
Emma, beloved wife of Erland F. Olaen and
daughter of the late Louis and Bertha
Lehman. - and sister of Abe, , William. Max
ar.d Jennie Lehman, a native of New York,
aped 32 years. (New York papers pleas*
copy.)
(ETFriend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday
December ». at 10 a. m.. from the parlors
of Pcrter & White. 423 Golden Gate avenue
Interment Salem Cemetery, via th» 11 -.10
a. in. train from Third and Townsend" streets
depot.
PARRY — At the Veterans' Home Nana
County. December 7. 1904. Adam M Parry
beloved husband of the late Mary C Parrv'
and teloved father, of Mllman. Horace. Ad-
dlson and William Parry, Mra. O - Sandy
and Mr«. James WaUh, r. native of Ohio
aged (."J years 7 months and 10 days.
(^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
ful y invited to attend the funeral Saturday
December 10. at 10:30 a. m., frcm the par-
lors of laccheri/ Duclos & Co.; : U29 Broac-
way. Interment National Cemetery, Pre-
eidlo. v
PECHNER — In Leipzig. Germany, November
8, 1904. Caroline, beloved wife • of the late
Robert B. Pechner; and mother of Henry J
Pechner, Mrs. L. H/Levy, Mrs. H. L. Klein' '
- Mra. W. O. Ogle and Hyman D. and Miss
Jennie Pechner, and eister of A. : Auerbach
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALU FRIDAY, DECEMBER 0, 1904.
and the late I/juis Auerbach, a native of
Austria, aged W) years.
ICTTrienda and acquaintances are reepect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Kr'Jay) at 10 a. m., from the parlors, of
Theodor Dierks. !»57 Mission street, between
1 Fifth and Sixtli, thence by 11:30 a. m. tram
to Hills of Eternity Cemetery for interment.
Palo Mto Social and Beneficial Society —
! Officers and members are earnestly requested
to attend the funeral of our late member.
Mrs. Caroline Pechner, at Theodor Dlerks
undertaking: parlors, 057 Mission street,
Friday morning, December 0, at 10 o clock.
* ° r ""MARTIN S. METER. President.
MISS TILLIE STOKE. Rec. Secretary."
RATTIGAN— In this city. December 7. 1904,
Maggie, beloved wife of Thomas J. Rattigan,
a native of Ireland.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 8::iO a. m., from the parlors or
McFadden McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth, thence
to St Brendan's Church, where a requiem
high mar* will b? celebrated for the repose
of her eoul at 9 a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
REUBEN— In this city. December 7, 1904,
' George, beloved husband of Mrs. Mary
Reuben, and father of Mrs.. Francis Gage,
Moee and Joseph Reuben and the late Mrs.
R. Smith, a native of Kent, England, aged
SS years and 'A months.
ETThe funeral takes place on Friday.
December 9, at 10 a. m.. from the residence
of his Ron. Joseph Reuben, 3'>0 Fell street,
thence by carriage to Hllla of Eternity Cem-
rtery. Interment private. Pleast omit
flowers.
RYALL- In this city. December S. 1004, John,
dearly beloved husband of Johanna RyaH,
and devoted father or Nellie. Alice. John,
Florence. Kathleen and Frances Ryall. a
native of the rarl«h of Bruff. County Lim-
erick. Ireland, a«ed 50 years:
E7"Friendf« and acquaintances are reepect-
" fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday) at 8::5O a. m.. from his late resi-
dence. 2HM Harrison street, thence to St.
Peter's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 a. m. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
ECHWEBS — In thin city. December S, 1004,
Frank A. Schwebs. dearly beloved son of
Louis and Julia Sehwebo, and loving brother
of Mrs. L,. Brodt and Charles, Herman and
William Schwebs, a native of Sail Francisco,
spoil 27 years '1 months and 10 days.
SULLIVAN — In this city. December 8. 1004,
Mararr.ret, beloved wife of the late Mathew
Sullivan and father of Thomas. .Mathew,
Chris. Masxle and Winnie Bulivan, Mrs.
Peter Harvey, Jlrs. Mary Knapp and Mrs.
George Breck'.es, a native of Bangor, Me.,
aged 54 " years.
EyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 12:30 p. m.. from her late res-
idence. 1423 Folsom street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church for services. Interment
Holy Crosj Cemetery.
riSCHER— At Santa Cruz, Ca)., December 3,
1S104, Dr. Fritz Tischer. father of Paula,
Alexander and Georg Tischer, a native of
Saxony, aged CO years 1 month and 1 day.
E7"Funeral services Friday, December 9,
at 4 p. m.. at the crematory chapel of Cy-
preta Lawn Cemetery. Train leaves Third
and Townsend streets at 3:30 p. m; on re-
turn, leaves cemetery at 5 p. m. Electric
cars via Mission street every fifteen minutes.
TORPET— In this city. December 7. 1904.
Michael, beloved husband of Margaret Tor-
pey. and loving father of Margaret, Frank,
Kate. Marie, James and William Torpey.
and brother of Thomas Torpey, a native of
Ireland.
in?"Friends are Invited to attend the
funeral to-day (Friday), at 8:30 a. m.,
from his late residence. 3403A Sixteenth
street. 1 hence to Mls«lon Dolores Church,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his wjul, commenc-
ing- 3t 9 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cem-
etery, by electric funeral car from Eight-
eenth and Guerrero streets. Kindly omit
flowers.
THACBT- In this city. December 7. 1904,
Mr?. Julia Tracey, a natlva of Ireland.
C^?"The^ funeral will take place to-day
(Fridny), at 8:45 a. m., from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co., 76" Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a re-
qulom high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul at 9 a. m. Interment
Holy Cress Cemetery.
VON BERGEN— In Germany. December 6,
1U04, John von Bergen, formerly of San
Francisco, ared SC years.
WEIXS-In this city, December 8, 1904, Asa
R. Wells, a native of New York State, aged
75 years 10 months and 28 days. ,
WERTHEIMER— In th!» city, December 7,
1D04, Louis Werthelmer. father of Bert L.,
Edwin and Mark II. Werthelmer, a native
of Germany, aged 69 years i» months and
18 days.
(CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday,
December !», at 1O a. m., from the residence
of M« niece, Mrs. Albert Cerf. 754 Post
street. Cremation at O<id Fellows' Cemetery.
ZAM BRESKY— In Haywards. December «.
11)04. Peter, beloved husband of Lucy Zhih
liresky, and father of William B.. Frank
. II. and the late Rosle Zam Bresky, a native
t of Hassa, Poland, aged 71 years 5 months
and 7 days.
C7*Frlend» and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday,
December O. at 10 a. m., from -All Saints
Church. Haywardp, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul. Interment 6t. Joseph's Ceme-
tery. Haywards. ,^» -
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Pag© Fifteen.
Anglo-Cal .. — 00 JMer Trust.... — 230 .
Bank of CB1.420 425 IMerch Ex.... 60 —
Cal Safe Dp.152 — |S F National — —
First Nationl — — |
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.2330 — ISav & L So. . — 100
Hum S & L. — — ISec Sav Bk.. — 424
Mutual Sav. — 100 lUnlon T Co.. — 3500
S F Sav U.610 675 |
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..196H— (Presidio ..... — 41
Giant 82V4 63'4lVigortt 8 4
Hawaiian C. 7314 74»4|Makawell C 32»; 33
Honokaa S C 17^ 17t41Onome a S C. — 32'4
Hutch S P C 14% 15 IPaauhau S C 20^ 20%
Kllauea S C. — 7 | "
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. 00V4 93 lOceanic S Co. C^4 6% i
Cal F C A. — DOUlPac Aux FA. 4^ —
Cal Wine A. 77 — |Pac C Borx.157 —
MV& MtTm. 95 102 |Pae S Tel Co.106 —
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
2.*. Alaska Packers' Association... 87 00
100 Honokaa S Co -. 17 25
60 Hutchlnson S P Co...i 14 75
200 Paauhau S P Co 20 50
25 S F Gas & Electric, s 90. ..... 50 00
25 S F Gas & Electric 5tt 00
$1,000 Cal Gas & El G M & C T 5s. 84 75 '
Street—
50 Paauhau S P Co 20 50
$G,0OO United R R of S F 4 per cent. 87 62 V4
$10,000 Pacific Electric Ry 5 per cent.. 104 75
Afternoon Session. '
Board —
25 Alaska Packers* Association... 90 00 ■'
5 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 73 60
10 Oceanic S S Co.. 0 23
W Paauhau S P Co 20 50
10 S F Gas & Electric 55 50
15 S F Gas & Electric .65 87%
25 S F Gas & Electric, s 90..... 55 25
Etreet —
$5,000 Pacific Electric Ry 6 per cent.. 104 75
$1,000 S P of Arizona <1910); ..110 25
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Bid. .Ask.
Bay CPC 6s. — 100>A SF & NP 5s.ll2% —
B L Wat 6e. — 114ft S P C R 4s. — rOl
Cal NW 6s.. — 114 IS P Co 414s. 99?4100'4
M C Wat 5s.l00 — | Sun Tel 6s... 114% —
Rls I Wks5s — 105 Do 6s 106
SF Drdk 5s. 112 — ISuttr-st R5s.lO4
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... 23% — IGas Con A..— 20 "
Amer Bis Co — 90 lLon& SF Bk. — 58
Cat Cot Mils 80 — IMat Nav'Co. 70 —
Cal G&ECor. 50 51 |Nev Nat Bk. 200 207 14
C Jockey C1.110 — ( N Cat P Co. — o£
Cat Powder.. 130 146 |Oak Bk Sav 120 —
Cal Ship Co. — 21 lOak T Con.. 75 —
Cal T I & T — 155 tlOOF Hall A 6% —
: Cen Bk. Oak 60 67%|Orpheum Co. — 16U
Chutes Co .. 5 fl (PacC Cas Co.125
City & C Bk — 12D IPac Sur Co. 105
Cyp L Imp.. 6 «%|Paraf Paint.. 39 —
East Dynm.. — 375 iff F Drydock. — "f5
I DptPwd pfd. 76 90 ISF&SJ Coal. 17% 20
Do com ..45 — = IS J Wat Co.1fW% _
FN Bk. Oak. 120 — ISO & MTgbt.125 —
Fischer Thtr — lM"nwiss-A Bk..l20 —
Frnch-A Bk.106 • — ITruck Elect.. — 12%
Hono P Co.. 28% 31%IUR InC pfd. 67 68
Do pool ..28 . 31 I Do -com ... 17
California Stock and Oil Exchanc?.-
Oil Stocks— Bid. - Asked!
California-Standard 16 ....
Chicago Crude ....• 22
Coallnga & Pacific 50
Esperanza 85 ... •
I Forty 38 40
1 Four ".. 64 .'.>'. •-.-■■. .'..•..■■
Hanfor.l 200 50 -.
Home 41 42 !
Independence 32 I
Kern . ....."....".W '4 75 |
Kern (new) ........... .'......... 30 I
; Kern River ...*. 10 00 ' 11 60 i
! McKittrick : 10/ .... 1
Monarch of Arizona.. 26' -32 ■
Monte Crlsto .. ......... 75 ....
Occidental of W Va...;.... OR 09-
Oil City Petroleum . . : 04 64 •
Reed Crude ......'..... .". . . . ." : 2 05 ....
1 Sovereign .....'.......".', • ."0 ; <3l
Sterling 2 00 2 15
Superior 05 07
Thirty-thre<» ....;.'...... 6 00 •' "8 25
Twenty-eight ....."... 12 00 12 60
United Petroleum....... :.:.. 100 00 • ....
Wolverine .............. ......' 40 60 .
• Mlacellaneoue —
: Associated Oil Co* Bonds... .. .... 85 00
SALES.
Morning Session.
. Board —
500 Four Oil. b 10 f><5
750 Claremont • • • • S5
500 Home .'. i... 44 I
800 Home ........ • 43 J
Afternoon Session. j
Board — ' ' "*■/*
1500 Home ..:... 40
50 Home .......... ...... 41
500 Oil City Petroleum ••• tK
Mining Stocks. •
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were, the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning" Session— Comstocks.
300 Andes ... 22! ICC Savage ■ . ;.. 23 I
300 Con Cal & V.I 801 Gui» Sierra Nev •»« I
200 Con Cal & V.I 751 500 Sierra Nev T.
600 Chollar 131 '200 Silver Hill 61
100 Hale & Norc.l 101 500 Syndicate ..... 15
1C0O Mexican l 20| 200 Union Con 60
S00 Ophtr .......2 851 COO Union Con 59
, 200 Overman .... 09J 100 Yellow Jacket. 15
200 Savage /..... 221
Afternoon Session— Comstotcks.
1C0 Caledonia .... 42i 200 Ophir 2 95
400 Chollar.. '. 13 1 100 Overman 'W
900 Con Cal & V.I RSI 300 Savage 24
500 Julia 0S| 300 Sierra Nev...." ' 49
5C0 Kentuck 02| 500 Sierra Nev:... 48
400 Mexican .... .1 25i 1C0 Union Con 61
100 Mexican 1 :i<)|2100 Union Con.... liO
400 Ophlr 3 00| 500 Yellow Jacket. 16
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid. Ask.l Bid. Ask. |
Alpha 09 HlJulla 07 CO
Alta 05- 07|Justice 10 12
Andes 22 24|Kentuck 02 03
Belcher 21 2»ILady" Wash ..02 0»
Best & Belch.l 05 1 lO.Mcxlcan .1 25 1 IIO
Bullion 20 22lOccldental ... 7S 9'» I
Caledonia .... 41 43jOphtr '...3 15 3 20;
Challenge ... 12 lSiOverman OS 09 j
Chollar ...... 13 .UPotosI 16 17;
Confidence ... 85 901 Scorpion OS 10;
Con Cal & V.I 85 1 9CJSavage ... 25 26
Con Imperial. 01 02|Seg Belcher. .. 04 00
Con N Y .... (U OSjSierra Nev.... 50 B'i
Crown Point.. 14 15|Sllver Hill 01 (2
Eureka Con.. — fiOISt. Louis . — 07
Exchequer *... ' 41 4t|Svndieate 15 16
E. Sierra Nev 0-1 reunion Con fi2 03
Hou'.d & Cur. 23 25'Utah 06, 07
Hale & Norc.l 10 1 15|Yellow Jacket. 15* 17
TONOPAH AND GOLDFIELD STOCKS.
Morning Sefeion.
4700 Brunswick .. 121 1C0 Mont Ton...l 67V,
2CO0 Brunswick .. IS' °7R Paymaster ... 03
1000 Brunswick . . 1 •OCO Rescue 0T
1000 Columbia .... 1<" 100 Ton Belmont.. 77
1000 Goldfield .... r>5?lCO0 Ton Midway.. 34
1000 Kendall 23| 150 Ton N Star. . . 23
Afternoon Session.
100 Adams Ill 50 Mont Ton...l67U
500 Columbia 20! 300 Paymaster ... 03
600 Jumbo 671 300 Ray & O'Brien 08
200 Jumbo 56ll000 Vernal Mln .. 12
500 MacNamara . 22|
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Tonopah.
Bid. Ask. i Bid. Ask.
Ton of Nev. .9 50 9 75IRescue 05 C6
Mont Ton ...1 65 1 70'Ton & Cal — 16-
Ton Eactan ..2 25 2 -10'Kay & O'Brien 05 07!
MacNamara . 21 2S»"'aymaster ... 03 C4 i
Ton Midway.. 34 38iMlzpah Ex . . 05 — |
Ton Belmont.. 76 77|Llttle Ton ..35 —
Ton N Star... 22 23,Esperanza .... 01 C2
Ton OY>\n .... 20 2flGold Anchor.. 15 20
West End ... 13 15IN Y Ton Con. — 11
Ton Gold Mt. 18 17|
Goldfield. ;
Sandstorm ... 26 27!<"=nldfield fi2 05
Red Top 16 1-lKendall ".. 22 25 1
Goldfleld Mhk IS 20Black Butte .. 20 23!
Columbia .... — 20) Booth G M. — 13]
Dlamondfleld. 25 — |Bliie Bull ... 23 —
Jumbo 55 5fll Adams 10 — I
Jumbo Ex ... 20 21 Silver Pick ... — IS j
Vernal Mln .. 11 12|OrIg Bullfrog. 13 15 1
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE. i
Following w«re the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday: J
Morning Session. i
3000 Adams 10) 250 N Y Ton Con. Ill
10C0 Austin G M. 30| OCO Paymaster ... C4
T.CO Bullfrog Mln. R5I2500 Red Top 19
BOO Bullfrog Mln. 5*12000 Rescue 07
1100 Bullfrog Mln. B7J ?C0 Ton Belmont.. 7S ■
5C0 Columbia .... 21*500 Ton Exten ..2 ?o
1500 Dixie Mln ... VOI'OCOTon Go?d Mt. 16
i 600 Free Gold M. J5| 1000 Ton Midway.. .14
2C00 Goldfield Mln. MOO Ton Midway.. SO
1000 Jumbo Ex .. $1 1 600 Ton Midway.. .15 i
, S00O MacNamara . 231 2C0 Ton of Nev. .9 7* !
2500 MacNamara . '.'2|11C0Ton N Star... 25
1500 Mont Ton .. .1 70| 1000 Vernal Mln .. II,
Afternoon Session.
500 Adams 1012000 Jumbo Vix ... 20
10T.O Austin G M. 2»|lO0O Jumbo Ex ... "1 '
500 Blu« Bull M.. TS'IOOO MacNamara . 2- '
1000 Bullfroe Mln. rWlOOO MacNamara . "I I
400 Cent Eureka. 1 70| 1000 Mont Ton ...1 70 !
1000 Columbia ?1! 100 Ray & O'Brien 04 I
11.000 K.«peranzs» . 0113700 Red Top 17 :
COO Goldfield Mln. fi2l'<VO n^scue C6 '
i 11.000 Gold M Con 0tjl300 Sandstorm . "6
inOO Gldfld Red I, C5! SCO Ton Belmont 7? ;
SCO Goldfield Ton. rai 60O Ton B»lmont 7!) '
r.00 Goldfleld Ton. .Mi* 400 Ton Exten ".2 2ft!
00ft Jumbo ....... r.!)i "(W> Ton of Nev 9 75
1 no Jumbo RSI 1000 Ton X Star.." '•4
90O Jumbo 07* ' " "
: . ,?;-!& CLOsrxo quotations.
B^Ask.l .' Bid. Ask.
Adams 10 — |MIzpah Ex . . 12 —
Austin G M. 28 — IMonf Ton. ..I 65 1 72»i
Black Butte.. 20 — IXev Goldfield. 10 -- !
Blue Bull M. — 25IN Y Ton Con. 10 —
| Bullfrog Min. (15 —Paymaster ... f>3 04
Columbia .... 21 —Pine Grove ..10 — j
Eaperanza ... 01 02 Ray Exten . . 10
Free Gold M. 15 —'Ray *• OBrien 06 08 i
Goldfield B Bl — 10|Red Top 16 17;
Goldfield BAB — 15[Re B cue ... 06 07 ■
Goldfield Mln. — WRothwell G M 12 50
Goldfield Mhk — 20|Sandstorm ...25 —
Gldfld Red L — OOlSouth W M Co GO 1 00
Goldneld S Pk — 18 Ton Cash Boy. — i»
Goldfield Ton. — iniTon Exten ..2 20 —'<
Gold Mt Con. — 02rTon & Gt W. — ' 0? :
Hazel Kirk .. — 12ITon Gold Mt. 16 17
Jim Butler . . r.7 — |Ton Midway*. . 35 36 !
Jumbo 5R rtOlTon of Nev.. 9 75 —I
Jumbo Ex .. IS 19lTon N Star... 24 °5 I
Little Ton . . 2C 40|Unlted Ton .'. — is
Lucky Bldwln — 10'Utopla 10 u
'Luckv Tom.. — 04 Vernal Mln .. 10 H
MacNamara . — 22 West End ... 14 —
REA1Y ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
THURSDAY, DECEMBER 9.
Oscar N. Owans to F.mma S. Owans, lot on
N line of Vallejo street, 110:« W of Fillmore
\\ 2i by N 137:6; also lot on N line of Eddy
street. 170 E of Hyde, E, 25 by N 137:6; gift
I' rank M. and Dora De Lano to Fred I,
io a U s , e .'r' lot on N llne of Golden Gate avenue,'
68:9 of Pierce street, W 25 by N 137:0: $10
fapencer C. and Emma D. Buckbee to Edith
S. Cnesebrourh, lot on. S line of Washington
street. 72:6 W of Laurel, W 15 by S 127:8Vi;
Ralph McLeran to William J. White, lot on
N line of St. Roses street, 75 W of Koyce W
f60 by N 100> bl0Ck Fl Junlpero Homestead;
Pope Estate Company (corporation) to City
and County of San Francisco, lot on SW cor
ner of Sh.rad?r and Grattan streets, distant
305 S of Parnassus, S 240:11 by B 60; also lot
on SW corner of Cole and Grattan streets
dictant 305 S of Parnassus S 249:11 by B
68:9; also lot on NW corner of Cole street and
«r lm ,^, ft o« e>nue ' dlstant 554:11 S of Parnassus,
W 011:2%, S 50:1%. E 014:7, N 50; $ ..
Antonle J. C. Horstmann (Schulken wife)
to John B. Horstmann, lot on N line of Elliott
Park, 506 W of Steiner street, W 22 by N 70;
gift.
John B. Horstmann to Antonle J. C. Horst
mtinn. same; gift.
Pacific States Telephone and Telegraph
Company to Henry Maass, lot on N line of
Eighteenth street. 100 E of Mission. E 25, N
113, W 2:6, N 3. W 22:6, S 116: $10.
Paul and Jacob Mager to Helena Mager
undivided one-half of lot on NW corner of
Twenty-srcond and Bryant streets. W 50 by
N 100; $10.
Same to Carolina Mager, undivided on^-half
of same: ?10. •
Mary E. and Norman L. Woodbeck and An
nie M. Doran to Thomas N. Doran, lot on W
line of Capp street, 238:4 N of Twenty-sixth,
N 21:8 -by W 115; $10.
Ralph McLeran to William J. "White, lot on
E line of Diamond street. 75 S of Twenty-first,
S 3B by E 100; $525.
(Marv C. Bishop to W. P. Fuller *: Co., lot
on NE corner of Green and Battery streets,
E 275 by N 120; $10.
Qeorge M. Westeott to David Cobb. all In
terest In 100-vam lot 2 of 50-vara »ur\'ey; ?1.
City and County of San Francisco to Bam<\
lot on N line of Sacramento . street. 172:814
E of Keart>y. E 45 by N 59:6; $ .
1 Julian and Edna B. Thome to MeEwen
Bros., lot on' S line of Pine street. 29 E of
Belden. also 57:0 E of Kearny. E 40 by S
57:0; $10. -
William G. Irwin to Fannie • M. Irwin, lot
on W line of Grant' avenue, 30:0 X of O'Far
rell. N 40. W 51:1, N 1, ■ ,W 39:ll»i, S 77:6,
E 39:ll«'i; N H0:6 E 51:1; gift.
Josephine P. Jnudln et al.- to WlUlam Gru
enhagen. NE corner of lot 611 SE along East
street 45:10 by SW 10 fSR of E-"t street. 229:2
NW of Mission. NW. 45:10 by SW 80); $10.
Ophelia M. Leathe" (Turre) to. (ame, . same;
$10.- .-,-.. . -...■-- :;..; . :
Cornelius and Mary Shea to Shiels Bstatn
Company, lot on NW, line of Minna street. 395
SW of Third, SW 20 by NW 70; $10.
" Lydla C. Aneell to Harry M." Angrell. lot
on E line of Third avenue, 100 S of Lake
street. ,E 120 by S 25; glff.
Estate of; Cecilia T. Molina (by, administra
tor) to P. A. , McDonald. . lot on ; W-. line of
Twenty- third avenue 125- S • of : California
street. S 25 by *W 120; $455. - , . "
- John W. ' and Meta Burgoyne . to Frederick
and Katherine Raltzer. lot on "W line of Elev
enth avenue, 125 N of A~ street, , N 25 by W
120; $10. :
Same to, Vincent D.' and Edith M. Gray." lot
on W line of Eleventh avenue, 1B0 N' of A
street. N 25 by -W. 120;. $10. :
Mary M.rB. Martin to Harry G. Gordon,
lot on S line of C street. 100 E of Ninth ave
nue. E S\: 4 by S ICO; $10. . : .
■Annie A. Kelly » to .Mrs. David Ella Guerin."
lot ■ on = E line ■ of - Twenty-fourth avenue 240
N of D street; N 40 by E 120; $10.
■■-. Ida M. and Archibald Cambridge to' Solo
mon Getz. lot on W line ; of 'Forty-third ave
nue. 125 S • of W Btreet,. 8 107:4, w 120, , N
100.. E 120; $10. . t
■ ■ William j A. ' and Thomas . Magee Jr. and as
, trustees of Frederick E. and Walter Magee
and estate of Thomas Magee to Agostlno Ar-,
manini, lot on SW corner of Richland avenue
and Mission street. S 25 by W 100. block E.
French and Gilman Tract; $10.
Jacob Heyman Company to John and Amelia
Cox. lot on S line of Alvarado street, 250 W
of Hoffman avenue. W 25 by S 118, lot 185,
Heyman Tract; $10.
Christian and Sufl e Lehmann to Elmer B.
Beatty, lot 15, block A, Spreckels subdivision
of blocks A. B ar.d D Park Hill Homestead
Association 2; $10.
William E. Marsh to Fannie L. Marsh,
block 3J. bounded by Bacon. Hamilton. Way
land and Holyoke streets of University Home
stead Association; $10.
Same to same, lot on NW line of Railroad
avenue, 5:1:2 SW of Paraguay (Fourteenth)
avenue. NW 100, SW 50, SE to NW line of
Railroad avenue NE 53:2' lots 14 and 15,
block 21)0, O'Neil and Haley Tract; $10.
S. Ducas Company to Louis and Anna
Ecnaefer,' lot on SW Una of Precita avenue.
215 NW of Folsom street, NW 25 by SW 75.
lot 8, Ducas Tract. Precita Valley 114 to
Julius C. Reis to Frlda Voss, lot 17. block
4. Reis Tract: want.
Same to James M. Sullivan lot 40, block i
45. Reis Tract; want. ' |
Solomon and Dora Getz to Benjamin F. |
Crouch, lot on NW line of Paris street. 150 1
NE of Persia,, NE- 25 by NW 100. block 12, j
Excelsior Homestead: $10. j
Pacific Coast Savings Society to Anna D.
Joost. lots G to O, Donald Bruce subdivisions
lots 1 and 2 block 9, Market Street 1 Home
stead; ?10. * - ,
Anna D. Joost to Marlon and Emma Getts.
lot on E line of Corbett avenue. 72:6 N at
- avenue, N .10, NE 114.S5. S 30. W
114.S5, lots I. J, K and L, Donald Bruce
subdivision lots I and 2, b!ock 0. same; $10.
Alamedn County.
John Broderick to Augusta Broderick (wife). •
lot on W line of Harrison street. ICO S of i
Second. S 25 by W 100, lot 19 and portion lot
23. block 9, KelIerBberger'9 map, Oakland;
gift.
Amanda Egrll (widow), John C. and Martha
L. Caldwell iwife) to American Baptist Home
Mission Society (a corporation), lot on W line
of Webster street. 75 S of Ninth. S 25 by W 75.
lot IS. block S7, same, Oakland; $10.
E. It. Bennett et al. to same, same, Oakland,
quitclaim deed; $10.
Arabella D. Huntinpton (widow). Huntlngton
Land and Improvement Company (a corpora
tion) to Lincoln H. and Charles C. Davison. lot
on W line of Alice street 150 N of Thirteenth, ■
N 50, W 150, S 100. E 50. N 50. E ICO to be- !
ginning, block 194, Kellersberger's map, Oak
land; $10.
San Francisco and Fresno Land Company to
Antonio Rodgers, lot on W line of Union
street. 210:6 N of Twenty-sixth N 13 by W
115. block S G48, Oakland: $5C0.
Frank A. and Mary L. Leach to Fidelity and i
Deposit Company of •Maryland, lot on S line
of Hbbart street, 391 W of Telegraph avenue ,
(before widening to 1C0 feet), S 120 by W 77, ;
Oakland; $ .
William Alvord (widower) to W. E. Knowles. !
lot on N line of Durant avenue, 150 E cf Tele- j
graph, E 150 by N 130 portion lot 7, block 10, i
property College Homestead Association, Oak- '.
land; $100. ;
A. J. and Sophie M. Snyder to Thomas E.
Hanson, lot on S line of Thirty- first street. ;
540 E of Grove, E 40 by S 140. lot 9, block |
2035, A. J. Snyder's resubdivlalon of portion i
of block 2035. Rowland Tract. Oakland: $10. j
Holcomb Land Company (Heron-Holcomb
Company), corporation, to George A. Lewis, ;
lot on N corner of Perkins and Adams streets. ;
NE 00. NW 120. SW 81. SE 120:3. portion of i
lots 15 and 16. block F. Oakland View Home- '
stead Association, portion of Walsworth 100",
acres. Oakland; $10. ■
Same to Peter and Helen Rofralski, lot on i
N line of- Shasta or Fifty-fifth Ktreet. 40 E of I
Genoa. E 40 by N 135 (deed and agreement), ;
Oakland; $10. ■ ;
J. H. and Lizzie S. N. Young to Anna Ma- |
ria Bertelsen. lot on E line of Union street, ■
115 S of Railroad avenue, S 50 by E 108, Ala- !
meda; $10. ;
' Myra Richardson (widow) to Flora W. Kron. |
lot on E line of Park street. 882:4 S of San I
Jose avenue, S 50 by E 159:5. lot D. block '
24. Alameda Park Homestead. Alameda: $10. I
Mary P. and Frank W. Flsk. Clara L. and !
Charles M. Parsons to Andrew G. Larsen, lot
on E line of Union street, 210 N of Four- I
teenth. fJM 39 by E 133:3. block 5S8. Board- !
man's Map. Oakland; $10.
Herman H. "and Jessie A. Fowler to Marvel ;
E. Ellsworth (married), lot on SE line of;
Tenth avenue 75 SW of East ; Sixteenth
street. SW 37:0 by SE 10O, block p. Clinton. !
East Oakland; $10. I j
Benjamin S. and Mary B. MaFarland to >
Charles E. Archer, lots 1 to 3. block F, La- j
tham Terrace, Brooklyn Township; $10. , |
Rowena Davidson (widow) to W. C. Stroud. ;
lot on N line of Todd street. 200 W of Para
dise W 50 by N 135, lot 17. block G. Paradise
Park.* Berkeley: $10. !
SUES FOR DAMAGES.— R. E. Allen and
his wife yesterday sued the United Railroads'
for J1O.00O damages for. injuries sustained in
a collision between their automobile and a
Fillmore-street car at Golden Gate avenue on
October 28 last. They say they were badly
bruised and disfigured.
I , ADVERTISEaiENTS.
STATEMENT
— — OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
- — OF THE
RHINE & MOSELLE FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF STRASBURG. GERMANT. ON THE
31st day of December, A. D. 1903. and for
the year ending on that day. as made to the ;
Insurance Commissioner of the State ot Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections
610 and 811 of the Political Code, condensed
a 3 per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
, CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash $600.000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company. . $300,000 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages... 232.S00 00 I
Cash Market Value of all Stocks [
and Bonds owned by Company.. 741,000 23 1
Cash In Company's Office 4.745 47;
Cash In Banks 165.504 38
Ir.terest due and * accrued on all :
Stocks and Loans 13,060 43
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 1,836 56
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 41.9S2 46
Due from other Companies fcr re-
insurance on losses already paid. 89,349 13
Due from other Debtors 3,392 52
Total Assets $1,533,071 20
LIABILITIES. ==
Losses adjusted and unpaid $21,960 93
Losses In process of Adjustment
or In . Suspense 22,290 42
Losses resisted. Including expenses. 5,180 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $423.-
472 26; reinsurance 50 per cent.. 211,730 13
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $60,-
1S0 14; reinsurance pro rata 30,451 19
Dividend to stockholders remain-
ing unpaid /.... 1,758 60
Duo and accrued " for salaries,
rents, etc 4 ' 9,340 84
All . other demands against the
company 74.822 18
Total Liabilities $377,543 22
INCOME. 7 s
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $444,720 IS
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 1 9,401 S3
Received for. Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and
from all' other sources .......... 32,209 11
Received for Rents : 14,501 18
Received from all other sources..'. 2,791 24
Total Income $.*iaTfiS9 Ot
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $22,429 47. losses of
previous years) . . . .' ... $187,528 41
Dividends to Stockholders ........ 3D, 000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or *
Brokerage ......... 80,793 02
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
■charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 43.978 90
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 17,634 31
All other payments and expendi-
tures 27,574 28
Total . Expenditures 1 ... $437. s?s on
" :. Fire.
Losses Incurred during 1 the year... $197,492 67
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year ............. $460,363,420 $608,606 4«
Net amount of Risks
.expired during- the "
year 438,969,925 5SS.834 39
Not' amount in force
« December 31. 1903. 447.S56.846 .4S3.65S 40
J. SCHALLER. President.
A. POIZAT, Secretary.
Subscribed and ,*v.-orn to before me this
2d day of April. 1904. . ■
- JOSEPH I. BRITTAIN, TJ. S. Consul.
SYZ & CO/; General Agents,
308 California Street,
. San Francisco, Cal. /,
Tor TJ. S. Navy Tarrt ana Vallejo.
Btrs. General Fri»bl«. Monticello and Arrow
9:45 a.m., 12:30 p.m..' 3:15 p. m., 6 p.m.. 8:30 n'
m. Leave Eaa . Francisco : Sundays 9:45 a.m."
-12:30 p.m.. 6 p.m.. 8:30 p.m. Leave Vallejo 7
a.m., 9 a.m., 12:30 p.m.. 3:15 p.m.. 6 p.m. Sun.'
day«.:7 a.m., 0 a.m., 3:20 p.m., 6 p.m. Pier 2
tt Mission st. ; phone Main 1608. BATCH BROS*
APVKKTlsKatEXTS. ,
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
THE
UNITED STATES BRANCH
'- OF THE j
HELVETIA SWISS FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF ST GALL. SWITZERLAND. ON T»E
31st day ofDecember. A. D. 1803. and for
the year ending en that day. as made to tn«
Insurance Commissioner of the State o.. Cali-
fornia pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Eonds owned by Company..$5S0.0O. j>0
Cash in Company's office «34 5L
Cash in Banks 272 al
Interest du« and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 5.50O 00
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 5.ei3 33
Total Assets ' ,.$601.i?J V*
LIABILITIES. \
Losses adjusted and unpaid % IS 50 j
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 4,402 oO
Grcss crcmiums on Firs Risks run-
,ning one year and less. $17,798 72;
reinsurance 50 per cent 8,989 3o
Grcss premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $16,-
CI9 Ofi; reinsurance pro rata 4,460 80
Commissions and Brokerage due and
to become due 1.4S3 80
Return Prrmlumi and Reinsurance
Premiums 684 20
Total Liabilities : $2O.O4» IK
INCOME. — —
Net cash actually received for Fire
Premiums $11,751 58
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources 20,217 SS
Profit on *a!e of Ledger Assets 506 25
Received from Home Office 22.6CO 00
Total Income ■■ .$55.075 71
EXPENDITURES. ■
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In- .
eluding S4.&33 31. -losses of prev-
ious years) • $31,690 3S
Fsld ur allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 3,445 74
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 3,250 CO
Paid for Stat*. National and Local
Taxes 702 86
All other payments and expenditures 86,857 11
Total Expenditures ■■■>75.ft4« Oft
.' ; Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year $29.062 40
Risks and Premiums. I Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks!
written during the
year I. $1,130,327 00 $24.135 16
Net amount of Risks!
expired during the|
year I 5,932.896 00 82.454 26
N*t amount !n forcef
December 31. 190:S.| 2.252.S9S 00 34,447 79
SAMUEL R. WEED.
Of and for Weed & Kennedy, Managers.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 29th
day of January, 1804.
C. F. FISHBECK. Notary Public.
SYZ & Cu.,~General Agents,
308 California Street,
San Francisco, Ca*.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
S Steamers leave Broadway
wharves (piers 9 and 11).
San Francisco:
For Ketchlkan, Wrangel.
Juneau. Treadwell, Hatnea.
Skaguay. etc. Alasxa— 11
a. m.. Dec. 1. 6. 11. 18. 21,
'-'1;, 31. Jan. 5. Chance to
this company's steamers at
Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver, Port Townsend.
! Seattle. Tacoma. Everett. South Belllngham.
1 Bellingham— 11 a. m. Dee. 1. 6, 11. 16. 21, 28.
: 31. Jan. 5. Change at Seattle to this com-
j parly's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at
Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver
to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
p m., Dec. 12. 18. 24. SO. Jan. 5. Corona,
X :30 p. m.; Dec. 3/ 9, 15. 21. 27. Jan. 2.
For Los Angeles (via Port Lou Acceles and
Uedonio). San Diego and Santa. Barbara— San-
ta Rosa, Sundays, 9 a. m.
State of California, Thursdays. 0 a. m.
For Los Ancelfs (via San Pedro and Kast
Ean Pedro), Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, San i-lmeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (Sia
j Luis Obispo), Ventura and Hueneme.
Bonita. y a. m.. Dec. 1. 0. 17, 'M. Jan. 2.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Dec. 5. 13. 21. 29. Jan. 8.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Joso del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata La Paz. Santa Ro-
salia. Guavmas (JIci.). 10 a. m.. 7th each mo.
For further Information obtain folder. Right
Is reserved to change steamer? or salltns; dates
/TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market st..and Broad-
i way wharves. Freight Offloe 10 Market st.
! CD. DUNANN. General Paysenger Agent.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. SO Sutter St.. will
rail for and check baegacre from hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
_ . . omsci UK* to UKiri
S. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Dec.10. 11 am.
B. S. VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck>
land and Sydney, Thursday, Dec. 22. 2 d. nx.
S S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Dec. 31. 11 a. m.
I.D.SPEICKELS&BEOI CO., Agti.TitiKt 013(2511 Xk-
tei IrEig&t Cfflcs 327 Mattel sl. Pier 7. Pacili \i
C0MPAQNI2 GENERALS TBAV3ATLOTIQJ1
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARia »^w_
Kallin* every Thursday instead of S&GpSj
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier >7aK77
42, North River, foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre, $45 and upward. GENT-
EKAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacihe Coast
Agents. 6 Montgomery arenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents. I
For U. S. Navy 'Yard and Vallejo.
Stmr. U. J. CORCORAN leaves north end
Ferry bldg.. foot of Clay St.. 10 a. m.. 0:34
p.' m.; Sundays. 10 a. m. 8 p. m. Leave
Va'.lfjo, Aden's wharf, 7:15 a. m.. 2:30 p.
m.: Sundays, 7:15 a. m.. 6 p. m. Fare 23o
*ach way. PIPER. ADEN. GOOPALL CO.
i — — — ""* .— — — — — ——^
RAILWAY TRAVEL*
I CHICAGO T |n3 DAYsl
DAILY ATS3OA.M. IS
ffjVVITM ClNCRSAMDai.t-.EPEnS i
.;;„' Other Santa F« Trains*
9-30 a - in' I For S 10 ***^. Fresno. Balcersflatd.
8:00 pl ml J Mtrced, HanforU and Vlsalla.
4:00 p. m. For Stockton.
8:0O p. m. For Kansas City. Grani Canyon
i and Chicago.
i Ticket OffUes — 641 Market *t. and Ferry Depo:.
6s.n Francisco; also 1112 Broadway, Oak.
land. Cat. : also' 27 South 1st. Ban Jo*%.
te^^^P To SAN RAFAEL
i^!|gjj| ROSS VALLEY,
W'W^*'™^^^^ VALLfci,
fSffffeill CAIADERO,' Etc. |
; « Ww!i*iJlr^S^**j' Via Sansalito r«rry !
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE. I
Impart from SJ*« Francisco, dally, at tT:05 !
7-45 S:«. 0:10, l»:50. 11:00 a- m.; 12:20. Imj ,
j»:l&. 4;a5,.6:15, U:iw. 0:30. 7:15, 10:15 ana i
"irrlv* "at San Francisco, daily, at tB:40. '
T:So 8:13. S:50. 0:35, 10:5O s» m.; 12:10. l:3u
2i55. 4:1S. B:05, 6:42, 8:22. «:87. 7:40 aad
11:23 p. m. ■ •
t Dally except Sunday. ;
For Fairfax, dally, at 7:43 a. m.: afro Sat- :
urdays at'3:l» p. m.. and dally except Satur-
day and Sunday at 0:15 p.rn.
V;-" THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 Vi . m. daily— Cazadero and way stations
3:15 p. m.. - Saturdays only — For Cazaderoi
5:15 p. m. dally, except Saturday and Sun-
day, for Tomales. etctasaqMBM
TICKET OFFICE— €50 Market tt.
FERRY— Union DecoL foot of Market gt.
RAILWAY TRAVEI*.
>£^">f"^v Tt«i«« I«ot»ss4 »r».Hi
fij£|p^^ 8AN PBANCI3CO.
V;A~~lJji To/ r *°* ° CTOBEB ■* t901
X-tf-^S^V/ Fussy Dctot
X> s^C XJS (Yoe.t cf Market Street »
«-»**« - MAIN LINE. - »»hitT
J. COa rf»c«vlil«. Vtmiera. iluniwy Tall*
7.00a nenlcla, Ettnirvaml S:wr«un"nto.. 7 2D»
7.30a Tariejo. Nnpa. en I tiro-**, Sanu
Ko«a. Msri!Dez. S.ta U.imou 6 ?D»
7 30a Kites, Trncy. Lsthrop. Stockton.... 7 23*
8 CCa shin* Eiprt-so— (Via Davis).
WIl!l»tn». Willows. tKruio. Ued
rinrr. PortUnil. Tacoiua. 8eat;l« 750s>
8 CCa f>avl». Wo.* Uai-il, ICnlKhts LandiDg.
SUrysTlIle. Orovllli? 750i>
8-30* V*Tttorz. Ant'm-h liyroa. Tracy.
6tot.>ci03. Nawinsn. Los Bttaoa,
Mendwts, .irmniw, Hsarord.
Vlsulia. yortervnie «.29»
8 30* Port Coito. Modesto. Merced.
Fre»no. OnsKcn Jimctloa. Ilsa-
ford. VUafla. RsSersrteld 4.50*
8.30a Nl'.es. Sun Jo»e. Llrcrmore. Stock-
ton. (t-Mtltow). »Qn<;. Sacramento.
MarysTlIle. Chlco. ISc.1 Diait .... 4 2S»
0 30a Oa«d»lr. Chin«"e. J«m«sl.own. So-
nora. Tmtlunm" and An«re!» •.20a>
9 COa Atlantic Kxprvii*- CWennnl E»»t. 5 Mm
93Ca KIchmond. Martinez and War
9ti\tlons 3 50»>
1000A Tne Orerlund Lltntwd — *'iften.
Omaha. Chlcngo, Den»er,Kaasas
City. St. Louis 6 20»>
10.00a Vallejo...- 1223*
10.60a Lot Ana-ele* Pawns? r — Port
Costa. Martinez. Byron. Trary.
Ltthrop. Stockton, Mercud,
Kaymood. Fresno. Oosacn Juno-
Hon. Hanford. Lemoore, Vlsslla,
BskcriQflJ. Los Ansceles 720»
12.00m Hsrward. Nllessnd Way Stations. M f20i»
iLOOPSscrnmentoIIiTer Steamers T11.03#
3.30PB-!ni!-i». Wlntern. Saersajentix
nuuUland. Kntirhts Idiading.
MarysTllle. OroTllls aad way
stations 7. '5-I2*
5 JOP Hay ward. Nlios snd Way Stations.. 7.50*
3 30p Port Cosm. M *niof.z. Byrou.Tracy.
Lstbrop, 6tock:V>a. Modesto,
Merced, Berenrfs, Fresno sad
Way Stations beyond Ton. Cost* 12-20*
•J4HJP M»rtlne»,Ssn rUrnen.VslleJo.Nsp^
Callstotis. SnnU Ros*. -2s5*
400P Klles. Tracr. Stockton *"?X A
4 30p im.-w«r.i. Kile*. IrTtaetoa. Saat t8-50*
jose. Llvennoro ? tl 1.50a
iXOPTne Owl LIibImkI— N"ewra*n. Los
Banns. Mendota. Fresno, Tular*,
B»kenfleld.LosAna8lei - 850*
IS 30p IIiiTwar'1, Ntlrs and w»n Joso .—- r 7.20*
f.OOP Wayward. Kilesaod Ssn Jom. 9.50*
6 OOP EaMvrn Express— Omaba. Ch!c»x«.
DtnTer. Kaasss City. St. Loafs,
Martinez. Stocktoa. SscrsmtnU^
Col fax. Keno. Sparks, UacteUo.
O«dea 72.50*
■.OOP Tsllejo, dally, except dunriny.... I 7 Rna>
74>0PVsllejo. SnDdsy only .'{. «* ou^
7X)Cp ktchmond. San Pablo. For: Costa,
Martinez sod Way Station* 11. 20*
7-CQp Reno Passenger— hort Costa. Bs-
nicia. Salsan, Elmirs. DIxob,
UstIs. Sacramento. Sparks, Tono-
pah, Keeler and Wai Stations... 7MM
• OBp Oregon 4s Callfontla Express— Sso-
raniento, MarjsTllle. RmliHat
Portland. Pncet Soaad and East. 8-50%
1.10? Oayward, Nile* and San Jom (Sub*
day only) 11-804
COAST LINE (>arr»w »*>«•).
(Foot of Market Street.)
8-1 6a Newark. Centerrllle. Ssn Joss.
Feltoa. Bnulder Creek. Santa
Crui and VTt7 Stations 5 Sim
12.15P Newark. CenterTllle. Saa Josa,
New Almaden.Los 6* to*. Feltoa,
Boalder Creek. Santa Cms and
Principal Way Stations ttO-55*. -
4.1Bp5ewsrk,8»a Jose, Los Gatos... { *]§^|*
«9 3Cp noatcrs' Train (Saturday ealy)—
San Jose scd Way Srat'ons t7.2S»
COAST LINE <«ro»i5 haacc).
- IjT* ClUIni mul I'D^naend Streets.)
6-10a San Jose atxTWay Stations S 30»
7 00a San Joao and W»jr Station* ... 5 4Q»
8 COa New Almaden (Taes.. Frld.. only). 4.1Q#
• . 00a The Coaster — San Jose. Sa'tnaa.
Saa Ardo, F<t*o Robles. Santa
Margarita. Saa Luis OliUpo,
6nmlalupe. Guvlots. Santa li*r-
bsra, Ssn BucnaTsntura. Moa-
talro. Oxnsrd, Bur bank, Los
An?'->» 10.38**
8.00a Gllroy. Molllster. Castrorrie. Del
Monte. PaclBc Grove, Sarf, Lon>
poe 10.30a*
8.00a ban Jose. Trea r'lnos.w r at.ionvi:>,
CapltoU. !-K«n Cruz, I'm iflo
i-rovr. Salinas. San Lui* Obispo
sad rr!;, <•;;.-» Way Stnt.'OOS. . M 410»
1030a Ssn Jose and Way St*tlon« 1 20»
11 'CASau .Jo»e snd V>'»y .stations.. ..i... 7*0»
2 16p fc«n Jose and Way St£t:ons 8 33*
• CCp Del Monte Kxprens— .Santa Clara,
dan Jo**. W a t » o n » 1 1 1 e. Santa
Cruz. 1>**1 Moute. Monterey,
J»aclflcOrr>Te I... t215»
13-OOp Los Gatos. ATrlcht. Boulder Creek.
Santa Cruz, rla Santa Clara and
Narrow Gaugo t1Q.4S*
B-SCp Valencia St., S«iiU> San Francisco.
narllng»nie. Sun Jose, Ullroy,
llolltster. Tre« Plnos 10 4S*
4-30P B sn ,Io»e end V.'iy Stations tB 00*
tfi-COP Santa. Ctsra, Juae. Los Gstos,
ami priuclpal Way iCalloo* (ex-
cept Sondar) fS-OO*
|6 30p banJos<>i>naPrlnclpnlWay8:aC!ons 19.40*
b 46f finuset Express.— Kedwovd. Saa
Jose.Qllroy.Sallnns.Paso Kobles.
Saa Luis i/!i!*?u. Santa 12:irbara,
Los Anerip*. Deir.;ns. Kl Paso.
c t.I.onN, New Orleans, NewYork 910*
B.45P Pajiiro. AV»t.-tonvt!>. Cspttola.
<>anta Cruz. CnstroTKle, Bel
Monte, Pacific Gro»e 10-30P
1S-15p » «:i Mateo,Bereiford,lSelmont.Saa
tarius. Kedwood, Fair Oaks,
• MesioPark. Palo Alto tB-4SA
5 33pS»n Jose sntl Way Stations. .„ 6-3Sa
8CQp P»:o Alto and Way Stations 1Q.1S*
11.30P Boutb E)anFrasctsco. itlllbrae. Bor-
lioganie. baa Mateo, Belmont,
Saa Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks.
Menlo Park, aad Palo Alto tfl 45p
•Hlflp Maytelfl, Mountain View. Sunny-
vale, Lawrence, Ssata Clara aad
flsn Josw .... t9.45s>
A lor Mum l ok. P for Af leroooa.
1 8aada* exeepted. t Sunday only
•• Saturday only. • Monday only.
Ifctup* at all statioas oa Baadax,.
CALIFOHNU KORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
Tlbaxoa Perry, root of Maxkat 8tr«tt.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAV SA7AX&.
WEEK DAYS — 7:3C. 8:ix>. ll:0O a. m.; iZ.iX
3:20. 0:10, 8:30 p. m. Thursdays — Kxtt% tti»
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 aad 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:00. »:3O. ll:0O a. m.; 1:30. 3:5*
3:00. C:CO. 11:30 p. m.
SAN EAFAEL TO SACT FSAZTCISCO.
WKKK DAYa- «:05. 7:35. 7:50, 9:23, U:1S
a. m.: 12:C0. 3:40. B:00. 5:20 p. m. •
Saturdays— Extra trip at 2:05 and 8:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 8: W. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. S:¥K
4:0S. 0:05. 8:23 p. m.
Leav» I la Effact I v ArrtTsi
Ean Fran. I Oct. 2. 19O4. | Saa Fran.
Week I Sun- I De««nsv- I San- I Wwfc
Days. 1 days. | tlon. \ days. | Days.
T:30a 8:00 al 9:10 a 8:40 a
9:30 al Igraets. 10:40 a 10:20 s
3:30 p 8:30 pt 6:03 p 8:20 p
5:10 p 5:0O p| 7:33 p
ja»t 9:10a 8:40%
8 :00 a Vorato. 10:4.0 a 10:20 ♦
S:30p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:03 » o:2O j>
• :10 p 3:.T0p and 7:33 p
S ;00 p Santa Rosa. |
I -80 a O0:40 a 10:20 •
S:0Oa rolton. fiMf •:»»
l;30p 3:30 p I
Windsor. . I
T:30a 8:00 a Healdsborr. 13:*Oaia:2O»
8:30 p 3:30 p G*yserrUl»\ Tdl p 8:20 o
Cloverdale. f
7:S0al-8:0Oa| Hopland J10:4Oa}10:2O »
8:30 p| 3:30 p| and Uklah. I 7:33 p( 6:20 g
i I Wintts and j I
7: j0 al 8:00*1 Sherwood. |T:33pf8:20»
7<U>al SOOal !10:i0 aill>:-M))a
3;30 *1 3lr.O p| OaernsTlII*. 1 7:33 p| «:2l> p
7:50 a! 8:COa| Sonorea. J 9:10 a| 8:40 a
6:10 p| B:0Op| Cl«n E"«a- I 6:00 Pt 8:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 a| lli>:40 a!10:» »
8.30 pi 3:30 pl SebaatopoL ' 7:33 pt 0:20 a
STAGES ponnect at Green Bra« fop Sa^
Qyentin: at Santa Rosa for Whit* Sulphur
and Marie West Springs; at L-yttoa for
lA-tton Sprlnxa; . at Geyservllle for B^assi
fcurlnss: at CloverdaU for the Geysers. 6con«-
ville and Greenwood: st Hopland for Duacaa
Pprlii^». Hlsrhland Sprtnes. Ke'.seyrtlie. Car!*,
bad Bprinx». Soda Bay. Lakepcrt. Bartlstt
tprln*a and Lake County Hot Spring*. ,,:
Uklah for Vlciiy Scrjnjfs Saratoga Spring
Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell L*k-. Witter Spr.rw,"
Urper Lake. romo. Potter Valley. John Da>'»
Kiwrstde. ,LJ«'y'«- . BuckneUs. Sanhedrta
Heights, Hullvllle. Orr'!! Hot Sprlars. I{ i:.'n ay
Houi*. Comptche. Hopkins. Mendocino city
Fort Brag*. Westport and Usal: at Wllllt* ; or
Fort Braxr. Hearst aad Sawy-rs; at Sherwood
for Cahto. CoTelo. Laytonvlile. Cummlng/
Hell's Springs. Harris. Hubbard. FruKUnd.
Dyer. Garberviil*. Camp 5. Pepperwood. 3^o:u
and Rureka.
Saturday to Monday reund-trlp Uckats at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday— Round-trip tickets to all poiats
bejond San Rnfaei at half rates.
Ticket crsWe. ZZto llarket street. ChroalcU
bulldins.
JAS. L.FRAZ1ER. n. X. RYAW.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pa»s A«r.
Mt, TamalpajsJRa ilw ax
Lt. Saa tn&ana .HjjpjL **• a Fnaaics*
Vk. D«ji Saadayf rfgm&L J&toji Wk. 3».tT
-... H:35 A »^3Ka TTJH7 "SlOlSO;
9:50a »:50 A^«»2*Ki,W 3:55p 2:35p
—-•--.. 11:OOa I:i5? -
IMop l:45p 6:22p 6:3.V
SatnnUys 4:35r S*rardiTS 11:12p
*Tu GrtTity Car y Mt Tmnipais to » til
«i.^Ii I M0 Mark *t ST.,(North Shore RailrocdJ
MHCB } and Sausaixto Fekry. Foot JkUrket Sw
filly Call $1.00 wYsar
SSMSSMSSiiM MTlWInfl *«nil ilinlT iii . In lii«MM«lCOMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Xcztt York Stocks still shaky, with heavy dealings.
Cotton shoving more tone, with a further recovery.
Local Stocks and Bonds dull. Tonopahs active.
Slight variations in Silver and Exchange.
II teat and other Grains not materially changed.
Beans, Hay and Feedstuffs as previously quoted.
I-* ♦*• 1 -*m- T2 a4.4 j'TT Till ?•
tkxeer rotatoes still glut the market.
Poultry and Game about as before.
Fruit market liberally supplied and quiet.
Butter and Eggs firm and the latter higher. Cheese weak.
THE COFFEE OITTLOOK.
Crop Prospect* and Probable Require- i
ments.
The New Torfc circular of Henry Ncrdlinger
.A Co. «*is:
"It is most astonishing that some Brazilian
exporter* should repeat the folly of previous
year* in c*bllr4j crap estimates when the flow
ering of the tree* Is only Just completed. It is
abcut the Fair.e iiropofltion as estimating an
t;; :*■ crop immediately after the blossoming
period. How v&luelefl* estimates at the pres
ent time ar« is shown by their wide range,
cuch ertinuite» running from 7% to 12 mil
. lion b&c& for the«19%»-O6 cr- ;• In looking
over our filet we find that whenever estimates
«>f the following- year's' crop of coffee were
Civen as early es this, they were invariably
million* of b&ea out of the way, belr.s either
ico high or too low by that rr.uch.
•"lt ;• utterly in^possible for Brazilians to
£tvm en approxin-.ately reliablo eetimate of their
..;op at this time. Even *.t iate at March or
April, mhen the picking season begins, the
<■.: ::•*• t (and we include the mott honor
•ibl« and conservative houses) have in s.>me
;.»-ar» erred to the extent of millions of bags
:n th»;r estimates. We repeat that no atten
tion should be paid to estimates at this time
whether they are large or email; It is safer
10 take the actions of the market In the pro
ducing country, or s-?ri» otlwr guiding feature.
• s a basis irozn which to Craw conclusions.
Th« plaxters. tf anybody. «ight to know what
th« prospecia are with legaf-d to their growing
crop, and If the Rio crop really promises to
' he an extraordinary large one, as on« of the
cables received her* la*t month has It, it
would be natural to suppose that the planters
1n Rio and Minaa wuuld hurry forward every
fr>ag of coffee they have left on their planta
tions at the present remunerative vaiuee. The
r»"c«>tpt» in Rio on the contrary, however, were
exceptionally email last month and for that
matter have *o been during the entire period
of ordinary heavy movements to ports. It is
.furthermore to be remarked upon that the
price in Bio has not been Influenced in the
least by the fluctuation* in the speculative
markets of Europe and the United States, but
has remained continuously ■ firm. These fea
-ture« to our mind indicate tha.t while the
prospect* are for a. larger* 15»O5-u6 Rio crop
.than the exceptionally small one of the cur
rent fiscal year. It will not be & record crop
by any means. On the other hand, the tree*
iti liit state of Sao Paulo ar» in euch a de
rlcrsile condition that it is more than likely
that the Eantos cros will be much less next
year than this — how much less, cannot be de
termined until come time next epring.
THE STATISTICAL POSITION.
"We *till have seven months of the current
crop year ahead of us, and if the consump
tion during that time equals that of the cor
r*Bpond:ng period of the previous tbre« years,
u> ought to start next season with about 4, -
ViO.uOu bags lee* coffee than we have now, or
'•bout 2.0UU.O00 bags lees than was existing on
;he Crtt of July this year. This reduction in
-.;■'• visible supply will be due solely to the re
cuced crci>« of Brazil.
•'If v;e start next season with such a re
6~re& supply «-nd the following year's crop is
n<n larger than the present one. a further re
ducticn in the visible supply during 1905-06
• I sboct the same magnitude can reasonably
. t»- calculated on. This would then bring the
\ ip:bie supply of the world on the first of
July. U0Q, to something below S.Suu.OGO bags,
bs agsiatt 14.250,000 bags existing now.
••-r rrieads in Brazil still claim that the
: ■ '• !'.;o *rd Santos crop will prove not to
exceed '.'.000,000 bags. Cables received here
" lately from Santos are to the effect that most
«.■: the large plantation* have virtually shipped
< ut their entire crop, and that only a very
Fmail percentage is left on the other planta
tions in that state. If this is correct, then
tba estimates of our friends would not be ex
c*«ied. We believe, however, that in accord
l:. ► with the receli-ts eo far la, and having
dac regard for the causes which brought out
tr.is cc5e* Irosn the Santos plantations in
*uch ij.rge mearure at eo early a time, the
crcp will turn out to be nearer 8,500,000 bats
aad this Is the bawis on which w« have as
•bora calculated the exp€Cted reduction in the
v;?!b'.e eujiply.
"A very 6tranjre feature, and one that is
;/jzzilng eotne operator* here, is the fact, that
Kurope which during the first five months of
:^.e crop year usually purchased In Brazil
I m 3.M0,000 to 4,00O.00(J bags of coffee, has
'!".!« year not taken more than 2.250,000 bags
6»rtBg the same time. Is it likely that Eu
: ;» exi*cted to get her supplies after the
fatted State* had slowed up In its pur
■ h >.srt? If »o. ehe appears to have miscal
< j'.ated because this country <although it has
. jrT-.u'lsted the previously unheard-of etock
■ ; 4.>JU.O00 bagt). does not eeem to tire of the
- '.i<-y of continuing purchases around the pre*
• :.t level of price. Sooner or later Europe will
' I * forced to replenish* her depleted stocks, and
• t heems to us whtn this takes place, it will
V«ve to be at a much higher range of values.
• haF cn!y the stocks in Rio and Santoe of
•ilT.ut 2.4C0.CKV> bags <of which a fair part i«
«S rrady owned by firms in this country), and
•he probable receipts of 2.500.000 bags during
tac next seven months to fall back upon. This
i-H'Csqtta a total of aVmt 6,'x.xmKxi bage at
• ha utn;o«t. of which the United States will
Mjrviy take cne-half. beside* which about 1.-
KiifXX) to 1. MX*. 000 bags are usually held at
liririiian shipping port* at the end of the crop
«• affm. leaving only about 1,000.000 to 1.500.000
:.:-.£* available for Europe.
■The consumption of Braril coffe* in Europe
".uring the next seven month* will be at least
::.<*a».yOO bajrs. In this connection it is lm
•«>rtant to n«rte that European stocks of Brazil
off«e are already 1,500.000 bags lees than
•hey were at this time last year."
■ skk-Us and Cotton.
Brokers* wirrs from New York yesterday
sail of the sto'jk matket:
ST«>-KS— The early declines caused the
throwing wer of all classes of securities, re-
KwJlee* cf prloes. and at this period the
market assumed an almost panicky condi
tion. B-jv:rg orders al>p«'ared on a heavy
■ scale in the early afternoon from the moi:
important banking interests in ail of the good
stocks, wi.ich b: ought the market up to a
V>lnt aimort to the opening figures: In *orne j
'."■:-.-•- ..„'.. r than last night'* close. We .
bS2>um<' that the liquidation has been very
thorough in the two days' drop in stocks as
Jar a> the ; -: .. is concerned, and that the
good rtdlway («<-uritles have gone into stronger
handz; nence w-«s <So no; exj»ect to see these
lower prices made azain. but. on the contrary,
a gradual hardening in values over the first
■ if the year. The strong advances this after
noon will be undoubtedly succeeded by a re
actionary tendency en cny further rise, but
• ■n the** soft sjk/is we bellevo the market can
te bousht for Quick turns.
The .;.:.:■■ in the market to-day was the
'".ios.t unwarranted scare we have ever seen
•.-.i our cjc.Dene.nce. which go^s back a good
...ar.y years. It will be known as having been
.ifdpitated by the "frenzied" operator of
i'-ofcU/n. wliose "Ignally migniflcant advertise
mciits in the : h :- rs frightened the public
jnn^ce«ari!y into unloading and intimidating
i!,»- ol<S«T ;:■•-■: f >m -r.iil operator* of the street,
jrd thus permitted the engineering of what
.iafc proved to be tli- greatest and most auda
icus coup that has been known in the hls
iory or Wall Street. It is hard to believe that
-.his man has been working aJone in the near
- ampuirn against copper and the gemr-sl mar
k<M. We saw tiiat the technical speculative
conditions were becoming heavily over-strained
Ism week from too mucb bull manipulation, ,
«n4 whtn w* turned from the bull side Mon
day xr.crning and advised customer* to look
10 their profit* or reduce speculative holdings,
and reiterated this advice in our goesip of
. ..' •=■!<< :■ . we did not dream that the market
cculd have run Into demoralization. It !s an
'\\-'t ll!uKtration of bow easily the. publio
tan be hnrabucged by isystery.
COTTON — The cotton market is very strong
on th» curb and is ten points higher. The
rtrcngth Is <!ue.to the Augusta Chronicle's
claim that tb*re was a eerious error in the gin-
Derr* report cox-ering that State. Theee re
pcrts. sccordlng to the ginners' rtport, cov
ered the amount of cotton ginned up to No
vember 14. whereas th* paprr claims they
actually covered a period to November 20 and
during that time there was 635,000 bales ginned
in trat State. This would appear to make th« I
sTinnTs" report that much out of ths way. j
KASTERS 3IARKETS.
New York Money JIarket.
NEW YORK. Dec. 8. — Close: Money on
call— Strong end higher at 3%ff5 per ceat
cloring bid. 4 per cent; offered. 4% per cent. '
Time loans— Stosdy, with six months at 3*ia
4 per cent: CO days and 90 .days, 3q£@4 per
cent*
Prime mercantile papr — 4ff4?i per cent.
Sterling exchange— Weak, closing frteady
witb actual business in bankers' bills at $4 88
t C* R616 for demand and at $4 S34O04 S350
for sixty-day bil!s.
Posted rates—$4.MH©4.87H
i Commercial bills— $4.&3@4.&3i».
Bar Silver— RSHc.
Mexican dollars — t$^e.
Bonds— Government, eteady; railroad, weak.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 8— A violent squall
swept over the stock market to-day, which
wrought havoc while it lasted, but which was
d^sipated almost as quickly as it came. Com
pare<l with the stormy scenes of the day the
final market was as I'lacid as a summer lake
ar..l the buying of stocks was going on as
systematically as though no disturbance had
occurred. A review of the day's net changes
reveals not a few gains, and even the worst
or the losses are confined to moderate pro
portions. Unfortunately for ttaose who sold
their stocks, either from fright at the crum
bling tendency of price* or from, necessity to
repay borrowed money, the final prices of the
day by no means represented the prices at
which the largest part of the day's sales were
miAe. There was a time during the market
when there was no apparent demand for stacks
at any price. Orders to sell a few hundred
shares could oaly be executed at concessions
ot 1 to 3 points from the preceding sale. Such
haste and confusion characterized the selling
that the same Ftock sold simultaneously only
a few feet arart at variations of $2 U> $3 a
share. There was no such frantic fluctuations
as that in Northern Pacific on May », 1901.
owing to the corner which existed in that
stock, but otherwise the movements in the
market resembled those on that day and thi
day's total Miles of 2,905,400 shares compare
with 3.081.700 on May », 1901. The day un
doubtedly will go down in the history of the
Stock Exchange as one of those In which
the assuran<v> which usually sustains men in
action on p:f conceived determinations deserted .
them and they did things under the influence '
of unrea*on!ne panic. A list of some of the
day's, extreme decline* is the best evidence
of this fact, taken In connection with the sub
sequent almost complete recoveries when rea
son had reasserted its control. Colorado Fuel
and Iron fell an extreme 11*4, Amalcamated
Copper 10, Tennessee Coal 9U. Lake Erie and
Western S»*, St. Paul 7"*. Brooklyn Rapid
Transit 7*«. I'nited States Steel preferred 7%,
Si Louis Southwestern 7. Sugar 6%, United
States Steel 6H. Union Pacific 5Vi. Missouri
Pacific 5>-. Metrojxilitan Street Railway 5%.
Metropolitan Securities 5*i. Consolidated Gas
5 1 *. Louisville and Nashville 4%. and many
others le&ser amounts. These low prices rep
resented a drop from the high level of this
week on Monday of such figures as 24 for
Amalgamated Copper, 21 for Colorado Fuel,
loH for Tennessee Coal, 11 for United States
Steel preferred. 11 % for Union Pacific, 14Vi
for Sugar. 12% for Brooklyn Transit and 12
for St. Paul. The rabidity and violence of
this shrinkage of values abundantly accounts
for the fears aroused by lenders of money on
stock collateral and the urgent demands fot
additional margins sent out by brokers carry
ing stocks for customers. There was un
doubtedly some sudden discrimination against
the character of collateral which added to th*
stringency of the situation. The source of
the Felling was not accurately known, and It
seemed to come from widely distributed
sources. It was somewhat remarkable that
reports of financial embarrassments did not
get afloat at any time during the break. The
call money rate went slightly above the sea
son's previous maximum, but as- everybody was
liquidating loans the actual supply of cash
was being replenished instead of depleted.
The Bevere break In the foreign exchange
market reflected a quick resort to that source
of relief, and there were large offerings of
bankers' finance Mil* In that market. Lon- '
don's heavy absorption of our stocki on the
break also made a large supply of exchange.
The same was true of foreign purchases of
cotton and grain on the break In those mar
kets under the reflected pressure from the
stock market. The extreme weakness of
Amalgamated Copper had a reflex effect in
the market for copper, both here and In Lon
don. Th<»re 'was the usual gathering of
•"bargain-hunters" on any severe break in
prices cf stocks, and there was' evidence of
investment buying of a more substantial and
sustained character. The first violent recov
eries were due to the scramble among the
triumphant bear* to cover their short con
tracts, but the more substantial buying sus
tained the market well to the strong closing.
The Improvement in the health of the market
by reason of sweeping out of weak holders
was obvious in late dealings. There was no
■erious consideration of news developments,
the e?ecu?atlve inflation and its rupture being
held to account for the break.
The bond market was affected In sympathy
with stocks, but- in less degree. Total sales,
par value. X3,211.0O0:
United States bonds were unchanged on call.
New York Stock lLst.
E. F. Hutton & Co., 490 California street.
Sen Frsjicisco, members of the New York
Stock Exchange, furnish the following official
Quotations of that Exchange:
Bales. I STOCKS. IHlghiLow.l Bid. I Ask.
1 1 1 1 1
[Adams Express..] ; 235 !24fl
171.500' Ama!g Copper... es 6S»$! W 66%
lAmer Can Co io*4 10^4
J I>o pfd 57H 07%
l,5<X>!Am Ctr & Fdry 32«4 30 81 ti 32
1.U00' Do pfd fill* pa fx)V4 »i
1.400'Am Cotton Oil... 36'^ 35 36 304
200[ Do pfd 0« 05;4 S4 97 '
300 Am Dist Tel 3Stf 37 S5U S7H
1.000 Amer Ex 211 210 21H4 211»i
200'Am Grass Twine 11% 10?»| 11% 11$
3.300! Am Hide & Leath 10 »H 10U 10U
f\000! Do pfd 4fl 39% I 45 45*4
l.OOOIAmerlcan Ice 7*i • 4 7% R
2.000! Do pfd ...I S8U1 37 37% 3R%
ll.ROO'Air Locomotive..! 3-»»-;l 30 -33 33 «
HOOf Do pfd !!02H!I01% 1024 102%
1.200:Amer Malt G14! 6 <\% «u
5.900! Do pfd I 2CHI 25* 2Ci; 2«U
M.SOO'Am Smelt & Ref I SO ! 75«i 79*4 80
2.200! Do pfd 111^1110 illOH 111U
65,100' Amer Sugar 143 1134^4 !141 i^il4li|
200! Do pfd 1140 [139 I13S 1141
'Am Tel & Tel. ..I..-...) 1140 li.V)
lAnvr Tob pfd.. I f 250 255
J*"rfVArr.er Woolen... 21 I ?0%l 21 21%
r.no' do p m ni'^i xn |m «2
! S,200: Anaconda 'lO4 I 89 iioa 104
Ann Arfccr ! I 34 37
I ! Do pfd I <U OS
4V.00 : a. T & 5anta Fel W5 R3 s i! S5%| Rft
4,Vif>! rv, pfd !lf!2}i 100V102%!102H
S5.10OBalt * Ohio ! 90 04%t 00 ! J»U
100 Do r>fd.. ! 05 I 05 01 95>/}
'Bay State Gas..! I at y,
4!».«v,'n R T •..I«tx;i5«. 63 C3%
300'BrookIyn Un Gas:218 !217 215 220
1.000 1 Brunswick D & II 11 | 10 11 lilt
"I Buttt rick Co.... 61%! 01 61 61%
400!Canada Southern! 70 CS%! 70 . 71 «i
1!>.4OO Canadian Paclflc(l31%ll279;mou 13084
15.«00!C ft O I 4S' I 43UI 4C% 4C%
WOj^ * A j 41 I 40*j 40* 43%
I Do pfd i 1 1 ro $5"
13.200 C & G W I 22%! 20« 22% T*VC,
2™>! T>o PM A «7%1 65 fi7 %%
3001 "Do pfd B t 33 32% I 34 35
t Do debs 1 1 1 s.914 s<l
2.S0WC * N* W...-...!rw*4'203 |20fl »20Ct4
52.000'C. M *- St P.... 1172 H«W irendfma?
noo'i Do pfd ii«2 1150 lisnuiis's
82.ono'C. HUP (new)! 34%| 3O ! 337? 3t i
8,60«! Do pfd 83%! 81%t ft.1% si
.......! Do 4s (. Sly 8]S ,
2.000 Ch! Terminal... 12T4I 11% 12% 13 *
2,100| Do pfd 23%! 2ft I 23% Au.
2.400Chi Cn Trac I 11 %l 1O%[ u% 13
j Do pfd. ...:.j I i 40 42
j l,300iC C C & St L. . SOTgi 00 I no 01
'Clev Lor & W.. '..'!"f TO' «o
! Do pfd I.....) P0 120
158.»00!Colo F & I.... 4S«i! 37 144 48%
! Do pfd ....! .....|.fl2- 93
1.300:Ool HockC & I.. 17% 16 117% 1?
1,000'Colo Southern .. 20% 1»U| 20H 2i
500! Do l«t pfd .. 58 58 ! 57% 5R
Do 2d pfd j 32% '34
21,SO0fConsolldated Gas 210 205 I20B ,210
ICont Tob Copfd. ....'. . 12S lttl
7.f>OOCorn Products .. 21%! 1»%! 21 21 W
1*001 Do pfd 79%! 77% 79 70^
300'Del & Hudson .. 1*«%!1S3T£| "
20O'D I* & W 3W> 1332 1332 I335
2001D & R G St%) 3IHI 31 %| 32
1.3001 Do pfd ««' I 83»i JW I 88
100'Dea M & Ft D.. 27 ! 24% 2.-5 I 28
! 30O Detroit Un Ry... 7» I 7« 77% 79
j l, «Wi: Detroit Southern 6 5 fl 6U
j 1.500' Do pfd 2S% I 27 27% 2«
iDtamond Match 137 138
' 3,«00!Dli» Securities .. 38%i 3S% 37% .18
... 1 Do bonds .; 1 78 78U
MXVDuluth S S & A 12%! 11% 12 11%
1001 Do pfd 23%| 23% 23 123%
SS.lOolErie 38 34< S7%l 37%
14.300* Do 1st pfd.... '75 71% 74%) 75
2,400' Do 2d pfd.... BS% 65% 54ft 85 v
1 IE A T H ..1.....I «rt I 63
-•••--•J Do pfd 80 I 83
' 3,300 General Electric. 1R8 - 1R2%|185%|186
! lOOlO North pfd....!220 I22O' !215 1225
» 200;Oreen Cons Copl 31HI 34HI 3*%| 34%
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1904.
Havana Tob Co 35
-I Do pfd 44
•••••••'Hocking Valley BO P2
200| Do pfd 02 92 90 02
14.K00 Illinois Central.. 1 153% 1«U 153 (153%
«.*00 Inter Paper 20% 19V« 20U 20%
Do pfd 77% «r^5 77 . 77%
200 Inter Power ... 64 e3% G3 C3%
200 Inter Pump 88 38 37 39
••••• / i; Do pfd SS SS
1.200 Iowa Central .. 20% 25% 29% 30
200 Do pfd o6«i 56«i 65% 5«
• Kana A Mich 38 ' 40
100 K C F S & M pfd S2\4 SI SUi 81 %
2.300 Kan City Sou.... 27% 24% 27% 28
1.100 Do pfd 49% 47% 49 50
Keokuk A Des M IB 18 i
••••••■ L&clade Gag pfd 05
600 L E & West 38 32 30 3« ■
Do pfd 100 103
Long IMand 51 62%
lfl.800 L AN 143 13S 141*; 142
.4,900; Manhattan .. . . IW% 104% 160% 167
Manhat Beach 9% 11
i 15.P0O;Metropol Secu .. 81 75% 80 S0%
24.£00;Metropol St Ry. 122 116% 121 12U4
13.300 Mexican Central. 21 18% 20% 20% j
200 Minn & St L 64 63 61 % C'J
Do 1st pfd ...' «2 PS
1,(«OM St P & 8 S M 89 88 86% 88
100 Do pfd 144 145
«.200jMo Kan & Texas 32%! 304, 32% 32%
4.1C0 Do pfd C2Ti 00«i 62*; «3
90.100|Mlssouri Pacific. 107% 102% 107% 107%
100 Nash C & St L 141%ll4l% 141 141.
2.400 National Lead .. 24^122 2.1 23%
Do pfd ' 96% «S
NRR of Hex pfd 42 42%
COO National Biscuit 55 M34 55 5'J
..- I Do pfd 115 lieu
200JN- J Central ...ISO 1SO% 183 190
700 N Y Air Brake. 157% 152 157 1«O
ltt.SOOlN Y Central . . . 13S 1.14% 137T* 138 I
400iN YC* StL.. 42 40 43% 45 .
200 Do 1st pfd ...111 107% 107 111
I Do 2d nfd 76 77%
N Y Dock 12% li*H
N Y N H & Hart 197S 4 187U W7% 1HS I
19,200 N Y Ont & W.. 4.;'4 40% 43 43%
lJ.ftCQ: Norfolk A West. 76 74W; 75% 76
| Po l>fd 00 ■ 94
1.900J North American. 100 97% 98V4 f»9%
17.000: Northern Secu .. 122% 116 122% 123
Omaha 154 158
Do pfd 190 1P5
!o S L 4s 103% 104
SOOiPaclfic Coast ... 74% 74 75 77
Do 1st ofd PS 105
Do 2d pfd 80 83
5.200 Pacific Mail ... 43, 39 41% 42
134.500 Penn R R Co.. 136% 133 136 136U
2C.2'M> People's Gas . . 107% 104% 1C7% 107%
300 P C C A St L.. 77 75% 76 77 ,
300| Do pfd 107 100 104% 105
C.40O,Preesed Steel Car 38^4 34% 3K14 38%
1.10O Do ofd 88 87 8*5 89
Pullman Car Co 238 241 |
4.500 Ry Steel Spg Co 31=4] 30 31 V t 31 *i
fiftOl Do pfd 92% OOV; 01«4 »2%
140,400 Reading 77% 73% 77% 77%
300 Do 1st pfd ... S0«4 89«i 88% 90
500 Do 2d pfd ... 82 80H 80% 81%
4..VH) Republic S A I. 15>-4 14 15% 16
2.fiOOj Do pfd 67% 65 C7 67%
4.60i>iRubb*r Goods -. 20% 24U 26 26%
4001 Do pfd 95 • 90% 90 95
1.900: S Shef S A I Co 69% 57 5<*% 60
Do pfd 102 106
St J A G I 16 17
200 Do 1st pfd ... 56% 56% 55 57
I Do 2d Pfd 27% 29
1,400' StL. A SF 1st prff 78 1 78 J 77 79
4 60d! Do 2d prf 67%! 63%|H6% •»*
2.100 St L A SW .... 25 23% 25% 25%
7 20O| Do prf 56% 50 55 55%
167,100 Southern Pacific, tt* 59% 62% 62%
.......' Do prf 117% 115% 117 117%j
M.OOO Southern Ry ... 85 83% 34% 85 |
l,20o[ Do prf 96^ 04 05% 96 I
Standard Oil I 6.S0 640
(Standard RAT-.... i\t 4
lS.SOOTenn, Coal A I.. 70% 66% -69V* 69%
'Tex Fac L T Co j .18 40
14,500 Texas Pacific ..) 35>.i 32 ] 34 34*4
600'Third Ave '131% 130%! 130 1131
-Toledo R A T Co 23% 23 • 23 H 23%
800* Toledo. StL. A W 35% ! 33% 34*4 1 33
4,000 ! Do prf .. . 54% I 5-t B3% 54
OOOTwin City R T. 105 105 105 IO«
400 Union B A P... »% 8 10 11
100 Do prf 74 74 72 75
240.400 Union Pacific ... Ill 105% 110%1110%
1.000 Do prf 95U 95 94% »5
....... U P Conv 4s 111%|U1%
United Copper 15 116
United Rs of SF 22 I 22%
Do prf 66 | 67
Do 4s S7% 87U 87V«! 87%
500 U S Cast I Pipe IS 16% 17%! 18
1.7001 Dc rrf 77 75% 76 i 77
!U S Express 120 125
I18,700'u S Leather 19% 13U 18%' 18%
10 0OO' Do prf 104% 9S%|1O4V4!1O4%
...'....!U S Rubber 30% 27% 30%! 31
l.lOOi Do prf »O% «9 i*OV t \ 90%^
354,300 U S Steel Cor... 29% 23% 28 I 2S><
33C4OOI Do prf 91 84 89%| 89%
4.000!Va-Car Chem Co 40 38 39%! 40y 4
2.000 Do prf .,.*... 110% 110 111%I112
2WX)i\Vobash 22 ' 20 21%t 22
4.100! Do prf 44 41% 43% I 44
IWabosh deb Bs.i 6« I 66% |
IWells Fargo Ex.] 244 249
l.lOOlWestern Union..! 92% 91% 92 92Va
2.SOo|Westlnghouse ...!178% 176 178 17S%
100 Do 1st prf !19O 190 188 190
I Do 2rt rrf ! 20%! 20 20 20j% i
500JW A L. E.....:l 18%| 17%| 18% | 18%1
500 Do 1* prf. ...I 45V*I 44% 45 I 45% I
4CO' Do 2d prf .... 26 26 26 I 2S
2.000!Wiscon8ln Cen.. 22 20% 2l%| 21»;
1.S00! Do prf 45% 44% 45%| 40%
2.830,680 shares sold.
New York Bonds.
U S ref 2s re»..104%!L A N unified 43.103%
Do coupon 104% Man con grold 4s. 105
Do 3s res l'M%|Mex Central 4s... 75
Do coupon 104%| Do 1st lnc 22
Do new 4a reg.l30%|Mlnn A St L. 4s.. 97
Do coupon 131 M. K A Texas 48.100%
Do old 4s regr.103%1 Do 2ds ., 85%
Do coupon 106%|NR of Mex con 4b. 81% !
Atch gen 4s 102% N Y C gen 3%s..lOO%|
Do adj 4« 94%|N J C gen 5s....l3«%|
Atlantic C L 4s. !>9%iNor Pacific 4s 105 I
Bait A Ohio 4s.:103 Do 3s 75% '■
Do 3%s gfiHlNor A W con 4B..101 |
Central of Ga Bs.H0% OSL. 4s A partlc.ior:%
Do 1st con 89 |Pa conv 3%s 102%
Ches A Ohio 4%s.lO7%1Readlnjr pen 4*...1C2%;
Chi & Alton 3%b. 82% S L. A I M con 5s.ll6»A
C B A Q new 4s. 99% S L A S F fjr 4s. 89%
CM A SP gn 4s.llO%tSt Loul« SW lsts. 97% I
C A W con 7s. 128% I Seaboard A L. 4s. 85
C. R I A Pac 4s. 80%!So Pacific 4s 93%!
Dr> col Rs O'lKlSo Railway Rs 119
C C.C A SL*n 4s.l00%!Tex A Pac 1st*.. 119%
Chi Term 4s S4%!ToI. St I, A W 4s. S3 i
Cons Tobacco 4s. ROi^iUnlon Pacific 4s.. 106 '
Colo A So 4s 89% I Do »-onv 4s 110*4
C F A I con 5s. 83%|t: S Steel 2d 5s.. Itn%
D#n A Rio G 4s.l0i%lWaba?h lstB 117
Erie prior lien 4s.Wl I Do deb B 67%
Do gen 4s 92 W A L. Erie 4s... 93
F W A D C l*t8.10S%|Wis Central 4s... 92 U
Hock Val 4%«...lll I
Now York Mining Stocks.
Adams Con 5.1! United Fruit 105
Alice 25|Ontarlo 3 50
Breece 12]Ophir 2 75
Bruns Con i7:Phoenix 17
Com Tunnel 07lPotoFi 14;
Con Cal A Va... 1 70| Savage 21
Horn Silver 1 50 Sierra Nevada 42!
Iron Silver 1 nOlSmall Hopes . 2« i
Leadvllle Con.... 02|Standard 1 90
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money — (United Fruit 107
Call loan* Sft4lU-S Steel 2S
Time loans 4@5' Do pfd SO
Bonds — (Westing Common. 85
Atchiswin 4s 101%, Mining —
Do adj 4» 9S%!A<!venture 5%
M'x Central 4s... 76 (Allouez 17^,
Railroads— o .,,' Am!l1 c »PPer •-.. 63%
Atcbison «% Atlantic i<jv.
Do pM K2% Blnghnm 34%
Boston A Albany.252 Calumet A Hecla.CS.V
Boston A Malne.172 ICentennial 25%
Boston Elev 1IW 'Copper Range f.*. 70%
Fitchburg pfd....l3» toaly Wen J2
Mex Central . 20V/|Dom Coal 6f.
NY N H A H..195 (Grancy »^
Pere" Marquette. ..73 U«le Rovale 23%
Union Pacific 109% Maw Mlnln ff .... 8%;
Miscellaneous — (Michigan sui
Amer Ar 5e Chem. KHlMohawk 52
Do Pfd ••• 85 I "on* Coal & Coke 4
Am«.r Pneu Tube. 5% Old Dominion ... 65%
Amer Sugar ....141 Qsceola ji2%
Do Pfd 13S "Parrot 26
Amer Tel A Tel. 14* fOulncy 10">
A™-- Woolen ... 21 IShar-non 8%
tv, r fd on iTamarack 120
Dom Iron A S.. .1« ' Trinity 12
F.d Elect Ilium.. 251 ITT S Mining 6%
Gen Electric ....!« fefcOU \\
Maw Electric.,.. Wft|SJ«h 44
Do pfd 61% Victoria 4%
Mam Gas 3S%|\VInona 11
Un Sho* Mach... RS%|Wolvertne 1C9
Do pfd 31 I
Ix>ndoit '"•""•ne Stocks.
Cons for money.. S7%|N Y Central 141
Do for acct.87 1516!Nor*A Western... 77
Anaconda f> J Do >fd 94
Atchison SBWIOnt A Western.... 42% I
Do pfd 10r>mFenn*ylvanla ..... fl9% |
Bait A Ohio 98%'nand Mines; 11%
Can Pacific . 133'/.|R, a fli nK .....' 39
Chi?s A Ohio 4R«4 Do lit pfd 45%
Chi Great West.. 22% t Do 2d pfd 41
Chi. Mil A St P.U.ItflSo Railway 3.1% I
D« Beers 17^! Do pfd 98 I
Den A Rio O 82%1So Pacific ... 62H '
Do pfd '. ... »8 lUnlon Pacific 111%'
Brie 36M I Do pfd . . . . 97 '
Do let pfd 73%IU S Ste»l.». 26%'
Do 2d pfd .17 I Do pfd ..M%|
III Central 15«U1 Wabash 2t
Tyiulu A Nash 14SVI Do pfd 44 u'
M. K A Texas... SlUISpanlsh 4s sd% 1
Bar sliver — Quiet; 27%d per ounce. j
Money — 1%©2 per cent. ■•" • ■ •
Th« rate of discount In th« open market for
short bills is 2 13-16412% per cent and for
three months' bills 2%«?2% per cent.
Condition of the Treasnry. i
WASHINGTON. D*c. 8. — To-day'i iTreasury
statement shewn: Available cash balances
$144,132,881; gold. SS7.54S.S98.
N>w York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. 8.— COTTON— Futures
e i
ere
.ants'
las
isaue<
low:
ing report of flour and grain rema
ng In t
ie Stats of California "December 1. 1904:
LOCATION.
I Flour. Wheat.
/ Bbls. Ctls.
Barley.
CUs.
i Oats.
I Ctls.
rBeans.
I Sacks
Com.
Ctls.
1 Rye
] Ctls
Ban Frar.clscp warehouses and mills. Including grain and flourf
afloat in harbor and in transit v
Sonoma Solano, Yolo. Colusa and Glenn counties".. . . .' '.•
Sacramento. Yuba. Sutter. Butte, Placer and Tchania counties
Contra Costa and Alameda counties
San Joaquin. Stanislaus. Merced, Fresno. Ma.lera. Tulare. Kings
and Kern counties « J
■•an Mateo. Santa Clara. San Benito. Santa Cruz. Monterey and
San Luis Oblspo counties
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Los Angeles, Orange, San Bernardino.
RIverMde and San Diego counties...
To ta 1 s '■:'.
32,258 I 153,240 j 174.640
25.400 041.400 731.720
10,211 618.3S0 162,320
400 | 341.920 582,220
36,883 1.460,360 755.28O
9,565 | 231.240 ) 505,820 [
13.429. 178,320 J 449.720 |
128,146 3,930.960 | 3,361.720 |
03.680 151.7CS
8.500 200
19.180 6,941
13.300 100
9.700 28.637 ....... :
49.840 48 532 .
' I
28,400 321.651 (
221.600 557.8£0 | "
3.160
200
20.300
2.SS0
2«,O40
COMPARATIVE STATEMENT.
• I Flour. I Wheat, f Barley. I Oats. |
#. , Bbls. CUs. 1 Ctls. V Ctl«. |
I Beana. !
I Sacks. I
Corn. I
i Ctls. \
I Rye-
I Ctls.
; ■ f ■
1904— Juno i". • 165.0C4 2.190.920 1.191.300 57.560
903— December 1 147.718 I 5.436.920 4,471.300 327.800
June 1 • 145,004 1.010.400 601.820 100.200
1902— December 1 166.413 6.164,060 2.947.040 343.4G0
June 1 177.17.1 2.505.780 567.0S0 112.320
1001— December 1.' ! 1140.747 12,023,680! 4.467.300 304.520
326.313
6X9.908
333.073
752.874
312.746
476,874 I
i 19.620
'23,600
'•is.Vso
I 14.12(
39.8-S(
17.960
53.74C
63.80C
1 l^.-Jx
las
.ants'
ere
e i
LOCATION.
Ban Frar.clscp warehouses and mills. Including grain and flourf
afloat in harbor and in transit v
Sonoma Solano, Yolo. Colusa and Glenn counties".. . . .' '.•
Sacramento. Yuba. Sutter. Butte, Placer and Tchania counties
Contra Costa and Alameda counties
San Joaquin. Stanislaus. Merced, Fresno. Ma.lera. Tulare. Kings
and Kern counties « J
■•an Mateo. Santa Clara. San Benito. Santa Cruz. Monterey and
San Luis Oblspo counties
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Los Angeles, Orange, San Bernardino.
RIverMde and San Diego counties...
To ta 1 s '■:'.
• I Flour. I Wheat, f Barley. I Oats. |
#. , Bbls. CUs. 1 Ctls. V Ctl«. |
; ■ f ■
1904— Juno i". • 165.0C4 2.190.920 1.191.300 57.560
903— December 1 147.718 I 5.436.920 4,471.300 327.800
June 1 • 145,004 1.010.400 601.820 100.200
1902— December 1 166.413 6.164,060 2.947.040 343.4G0
June 1 177.17.1 2.505.780 567.0S0 112.320
1001— December 1.' ! 1140.747 12,023,680! 4.467.300 304.520
closed very steady. December. 7.70c: February.
7.8r>c; March, 7.94c; April. 7.99c; May, 8.06c;
June, S.COc.
Spot cotton closed steady. Middling uplands,
Sc; middling gulf. 8.25c. Sales. 2«.«25 bales.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Dec. 8. — FLOUR— Receipt*.
16,700; exports 1300; dull and lower to tell.
Minnesota patents. $3 S5@6 10: winter patents.
$5 50«&0 S5; winter Btraights, $5 25@D 40.
WHEAT— Receipts. 97,000; spot irregular;
No. 2 red. nominal elevator; No. 3 red, $1 lCVi
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth. $1 23%.
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hatd Manitoba, nominal
f. o. b. afloat Wheat was irregular all day. j
The main features were a pronounced early
break. Influenced by liquidation .at Chicago,
casitr cables, improving Argentine weather and
Wall-street demoralization. Tills wag follow
ed by full recoveries on renewed bull support
at Chicago and a scarcity of ehorts. Clo ed
*i@l%c net higher, except December, which,
under liquidation, closed lc net lower. May,
$1 11V461 13 1-1«. closed $1 13%; July. $1 02%
©1 04%. closed *1 04%; December, $1 15gl 10.
closed $1 15%
HOPS— Steady. '
PETROLEUM— Steady.
HIDES — Firm.
WOOL, — Firm.
COFFEE — Spot steady. The market for
coffee futures closed steady at a net gain of
5@10 points. Sales, 81.750 bags. Including:
January. 7.70c; March. 7.20<J7.25c; May 7.4O&
7.45c; July. 7.6O@7.«i5c; September. 7.80c.
■ SUGAR — Raw. firm; reflned. firm: confec
tioners' A. 5.40c; mold A, 5.00c: cut loaf.
6.2T>c; crushed. 6.25c; powdered. 5.65c: granu
lated, 5.55c; cubes. 5.S0e. The following
grades of reflned sugar were advanced 10c a
hundred pounds to-day: Confectioners', A,
mold A, cut loaf, crushed, powdered, granu
lated and cubes.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Were moving
slowly and the tone Is weak on all grades.
Common, 3%<g4c; prime, 4Vi<f4%c; choice,
5>sc; fancy, t!@O%c.
PRUNES — Are firm. Quotations range from
2c to 0c for California fruit.
APRICOTS — Are in moderate demand for
immediate needs and rule firm. Choice 10c;
extra choice. 10'?10%c; fancy. U%@15c. '
PEACHES— Are in light supply and firm.
Choice, 9 1 ,i€9%c: extra choice. 0&®10c; fancy,
10%@llc.
New York Mc»-i Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 8.— There was another
sharp decline in ttw London Un market to-day,
with spot closing at £131 Ds and futures at
£11S> 10s. Locally the market was dull and
easier In symi-athy, with spot quoted at $28 70
®2S 90.
Copper also underwent a sharp reaction in
the London market, probably as a result of
speculative operations, and closed at £04 13s
for spot and £0T> 2s Od for futures. The local
market was unsettled by the developments
abroad anJ in the stock market, and was y*3.c
tlcally nominal. Lake is held at $14 »7%<&
13 12%, electrolytic, $14 75@15, and casting
at $14 301*14 75.
Lead was unchanged at $4 <"(►£? 4 70 for New
York, and at £12 17s 6d in London for spot.
Spelter was a shade easier at £24 17s 6d for
spot in London. . In New York the market re
mained quiet and unchanged at $5 75^5 87%.
Iron closed at 53s Cd in Glasgow and at 47s
In Mlddlesboro. Locally the market Is firm.
No. 1 foundry northern. No. 1 do southern jind
No. 1 do soft, $17^17 50; No. 2 foundry,
northern. $16 5O@17.
CHICAGO. BOARD OF TRADE..
Future Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO. Dec .S.^-Wheat at the opening
was weak. May being unchanged to Uo lower
at $1 10% to $1 10%. One influence tending to
create bearish sentiment was continued liberal
receipts in ths. NorU»v:<?st« Another factor was
a report of excellent harvest weather in Ar
gentina. The effect of yesterday's heavy liqui
dation was In evidence early in the day, .and
with little support the market became still
weaker. Shortg covered freely on the slump,
but before the decline was checked May had
told off to $1 On'.,. The sensational break In
Wall street is itaid to have Induced much sell
ing of wheat here.. Toward the middle cf the
day, however, the wheat market rallied sharp
ly on liberal purchases by a leader of the
longs.- The early loss was quickly regained
and prices showed good gains over initial
quotations. On an excellent general demand
the market held strong throughout the re
mainder of the session. An unconfirmed report
of large sales of flour at Minneapolis was re
sponsible for much of the late bullishness.
Another factor was the strength of wheat at
St. Louis. Shortly before the close May
reached $1 11%, the highest point of the day.
Final quotations were at $1 1115.
Trading in corn was on a fairly generous
ecale, and the market ruled firm the entire
day. May opened a shade to li(8%c higher
at 44%c to 44%c, sold between 44 %c and 44%®
41";c and closed at 44%c.
Decreased receipts had a strengthening .in
fluence in the oats market. May opened un
changed at :m";' h c. sold between 3oi;c and 30%c
and closed at 30%c.
Liquidation of' scattered holdings caused.
weakness in provisions. At the close May pork
was off lOSm'lic at |12 77%@12 80. Lard was
down 2%c at $7 05. Ribs showed a loss of
, 2%«?5c.
The. leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
December 1 0S% 1 08% 1 07 1 03»i
May 1 10% 1 11% 1 09% 1 life
July 98T» 99% 98 M%
Corn No. 2 —
December 45% 46% 45% 4«
May k ... 44% 44% 44V« 44%
July ?... 44% ' « T4. 44% 44T»
Oats No. 2 —
December 28-ft 2S% 28% 28%
May - 30% . 30% 30>i 30%
July 30Vi 30% 30y» 80%
Miss Pork, per bbl. —
: January 12 50 12 60 12 40 12 47%
May 12 80 12 82% 12 70 12 SO
Lard. v*r 100 lbs.—
January « « « S3 fi 80 6 S5
May 7 05 7 06 7 02% 7 05 .
. Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
January 6 50 fl 50 6 45 6 50
May 0 67% 0 70 6 C3 6 70
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, Dec. 8.— Cash quotations were aa
follows: Flour, steady: No. 2 spring wheat,
$1 CS®1 15: No. 3, $1 02^1 13; No. 2 red.
il CaVi'Sl 13V.; No. 2 corn, 4C?ic: No. 2 yel
low 40T. c; No. 2 oats, 2S%®2S ; »ic; No. 2
white. 31931 V4C; No. 3'whlte. 29%<g>.lO%e; No.
2 rye. 7.V; good feeding barley, 38c; fair to
choice maitlng, 42SH7c; No. 1 flax seed, $1 16;
No. 1 Northwestern. $1 23: mess pork, per bbl.,
$11 25<fitl 50: lard, per 100 lbs.. $« 80; short
ribs sides (loose), SO 25@6 50; short clear
Bides (boxed). $6 75©6 87%; whiskey, basis of
high wines. $124; clover, contract grade,
$12 50.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Fl-.ur, barrels '. 31,300 . 16,900
Wheat, bushels 117,100 19.000
Corn .bush'ls 529,400 81,900
Oats bushels 145,900 160.800
Rye, bushels .3 000 3.500
Barley, bushels 104.500 11.200
Butter. Cheese and E«es.
CHICAGO^ Dec. 8. — On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was steady.
Creameries. 16@'.'«%c;: dairies, 10#22c. "Eggs,
steady at mark, cases included. 20%S^5c.
Cheese, firm, lift 12c^
CATTLE. SHEEP AND HOGS.
Chicago.
CHICAGO, Dec. 8.— CATTLE— Receipts, II.
000, includtng 500 Westerns;: market steady.
Good to choice steers, %W~ 25; poor to med
ium. $3CO@5fO: stockers and feeders. $2 20@
4 10: cows. $1 40@4: heifers, $2®5: canners 1 ,
$135^2 40*. bulls. $2@4 10; calves. $3 6O@7;
Western steers, $3 4C@4 90. ,
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 45,000; to-morrow.
40, COO. Market 5® 10c lower. -Mixed and butch
ers' $4 20@4 45;.good to choice heavy. $4 35(3
4 45; rough heavy. $4 20®4 30; light, $4 20®4 40;
bulk of nale«. $4 20©4 40. V
SHEEP — Receipts, - 18.000; ■ sheep eteady;
lambs 10c higher. Good to choice wethers,
$4 Ri@5 25: fair to choice mixed. $3 7004 ;W;
Western eheep. $3 6005 10: native lambs, $4 60
®6 50; Western lambs. $4 4006 25. •
Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY. Dec. 8 —CATTLE— Receipts,
8000: strong to . 10c higher. Native steers.
$3 30@6 SO; native cowb and heifers, $1 w<35:
stockera and feeders, $2 50®4i 15; Western
cows and heifer*. $1 75@3 50. •
HOGS— Receipts, 12.000: Sc to JOo
lower. • Bulk of sales, $4 20®4 45; heavy, $4 45
©4 02%: packers. $4 30@4 W>; piga and lights,
$3 00(5*4 35. • ,* „„
SHEEP— Receipts, 2000; strong. Mutton*.
$4©5 25; lambs. *4 50@6; range wethers, $4®
4 90: ewes. |2 50@4 25. »..,'• ,. ■■ -,;
Omaha.
OMAHA. Neb.. Dec. 8.— CATTLE— Receipts.
4300: steady. - Native steers. $3 50@S 25; cows
and heifers. $2 5003 75: Western steers. 12'M®
STOCKS OP GRAIN
ing report of flour and grain rema
isaue<
low:
I Flour. Wheat.
/ Bbls. Ctls.
COMPARATIVE STATEMENT.
4 70: Texas steers, $2 70@3 80: range cows and
heifers. ?2 4U^?3 50: canners" ?1 75@2 35: stock
ers and feeders. $2 50Q4 00; calves, $3^5 SO;
bulls and stags, $2{/ 1 50.
HOGS— Receipts. 14.000; market 5®10c low
er. Heavy. $4 25©4 35; mixed. $4 2594 30:
light. $4 25(04 35; pigs. $3 50®4 35; bulk of
sales. $4 25@4 30.
SHEEP — Receipts, 3500: strong. Western
yearlings. $4 40(34 55; wethers, $4 25S4 t>5;
ewes, $4®4 50: common and stockers. $2 50©
4 40; lambs, $5@5 25.
MISCELLANEOUS MARKETS.
Foi*cien I-^itures.
L1VERPPOL.
Wheat — Dec. March. May.
Opening Norn. 7 3% 7 3%
Closing 7 3% 7 3%
PARIS.
Wheat — • . Deo. Mar. -June.
Opening 24 20 25 45
Closing 24 20 25 «5
Flour —
Opening 32 05 33 1-5
Closing 31 95 33 15
Ix)ndon Copper Market.
LONDON. Dee. S.— In the" market to-day
copper fluctuated considerably and closed at
«?»•
St. Louis Wool 3Iarket.
ST. LOUIS. Dec. 8.— WOOL— Stronger. Me
dium grades, combing and clothing, 23®29c;
light fine. lS@-22%c; heavy, 14giSc; tub
washed. 26@40c.
Northern Wlieat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Dec. 8.— Wheat for export:
Walla Walla. 80c; blue stem, 85c; for milling.
Walla Walla, S3c; blue stem. 88fc; valley, 87 %c;
for eastern markets. Walla Walla, S5c; biue
stem, fiOc.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Dec. S. — Wheat unchanged. Blue
stem, 89c; club, 86c. *
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. Dec. 8.— Clearings, $020,444; bal
ances, $11 3, !>.-.!».
TACOMA. Dec. 8.— Clearings, S5S1.OS0; bal
ances, ?3u.US0.
PORTLAND. Dec. 8.— Clearings. $652,052;
balances, $53,573.
SPOKANE. Dec. 8.— Clearings, $476.52S;
balances, $56,476.
LOCAL MARKET.
Exchange and Bullion.
There were a number of fractional varia
tions in Sliver and Exchange.
LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. $4 83*4#l 84
Sterling Exchange, sight 4 S6%&{ 87
Sterling Exchange, cables . . 4 SU-?4U4 87%
New York Exchange, sight.... Par if —
N Y. Exchange, telegraphic... 02%© —
Silver, per ounce — if £9Ts
Mexican Dollars 4S%& 48%
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Paris 5.16%
New York on Mexico "01
Paris on London 25.16%
Berlin on London 20. as
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — The foreign markets still refuse to
respond to the reports of damage to the Ar
gentine crop . by rust and Liverpool futures
were lower. Chicago was %c higher,. qn the
day, with considerable fluctuation. ■ -
This market was quiet and steady as to the
cash grain.. Futures were lower at the open
ing, but closed higher In sympathy witb Chi
cago, with trading ■ not active. The semi
annual statement of the stock on hand In the
State appears elswbere on this page.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, $1456152%; California
White Australian, $1 00®l C2%; Northern
Clilb. $1 60(51 62%, with none offering; North
ern Bluestom. $1 6081 ffi!%; Northern Red,
$1 47% per ctl.
FUTURE3.
Cession 0 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 43 $1 44 $1 43 $1 43%
December— No sales; $1 41*4 bid. $1 42% asked.
2 p. m. Session-
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 43% $1 43% $1 43% $1 43%
December— No sales; $1 41% bid, $1 42% asked.
BARLEY — Receipts have been liberal during
the past several days and the market is quiet,
both as to. the each grain and futures./
. CASH BARLEY.
Feed, *1 05@l 12%: Brewing and Shipping,
$1 15&1 17%; Chevalier. $1 15@1 20 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Serston 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 09 $1 09 $1 09 $1 C9
December ... 1 10 1 10% 1 10 1 10%
2 p. m. Session.
May — No sales; $1 OSM/b asked.
December — $1 10%.
OATS — Some clean and fresh- looking but
thin Utah White are on the market at $1 SO.
The market continues quiet and unchanged.
White, $1 42»i1gl 57%; Surprise. $1 33«*1 60;
Red for feed. $1 32%©1 45 for No. 1 and
$1 22%gi 30 for No. 2; extra fine for seed,
fl 421-j^l SO; Black. $1 30@l 35 for feed and
#1 4.V//1 U2% for seed.
CORN— 2240 ctla arrived from the West. The
market shows no change and is quiet.
Western sacked, $1 40(&l 45 for Yellow,
White and Mixed; California large Yellow,
$140@14Q; small round do. $1 80; White,
nominal; Egyptian, $1 a.Vjjl 40 for White and
$1 17%&1 2U for Brown.
RYE— $1 40©l 45 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 5C@1 75 per ctl.
Flour and Mlllstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 80®
5 10, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 70®5:
Oregon and Washington, Jobbing at (1@1 50
per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices . In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $2 75 per - 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 25: Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour.
$7; Corn Meal. $2 50; extra cream do, $3 60;
Oat Meal. $4; Oat Groats, $4 25; Hominy.
$3 60&3 83; Buckwheat Flour. $4 25: Cracked
Wheat $3 75: Farina, $4; Whole Wheat
Flour." $3 30; Rolled Oats. bbls. $6 75®7 50; In
sacks, $4 25; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas,
boxes, $5 60; Green Peas, $5 00 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feeds tuffs.
All descriptions under this head remain as
before . quoted. Receipts of Hay were large
again, being 908 tons, including 47 cars.
BRAN- $20«m per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $25@28 per ton.
SHORTS— $20@21 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $24^24 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31 50®32 So;
Jobbing $33: Cocoanut Cake. $23@24; Cocoa
nut Meal. ?24«»25: Corn Meal, $31 50@32;
Cracked Corn. $32@32 SO; Mixed Feed, $22©
23; Horse Beans, $3O@4O per ton; Broom
Corn Feed. 90c per ctl.
HAY— Wheat, $10#15: Wheat and Oat. $10®
14- Oat $9®12; Barley and Oat. $S@11; Volun
teer Wild Oat. $7@10; stable. $S>©10: stock.
$5 50@7; Clover, $7@10; Alfalfa. $9@12 per
STRAW— 35@60c per bale.
vt Beans and Seeds.
The market for Beans and Seeds continues
quiet at previous prices. Lima buyers In the
south continue to hold ■ off. . bidding not over
$3 90 while holders refuse to sell under $4
and some are holding at $4 10.
BEANS — Bayos, $2 7b<g3: Pea, nominal;
Butter $-JB3 25: small White, $3 15@3 30; 1
large White, $2 40@2 C5: Pink. $2 75<g3 15;
Red $4 2384 50; Lima, $4 1004 20; Red Kid
neys. $4 60: Blackeyes, $2 60©2 75 per ctl;
I Home Beans. $1 85©2 40.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal— no good
I lots offering; Yellow Mustard. 3%@3%c; Flax.
I $2'cf2 75: Canary. «Hc: Alfalfa, 12%® 13c;
Rape. 1%«2%c; Timothy. 5%c: Hemp, 3%®
I 3«4c per lb: Millet. 2%©3%c; Broom Corn
Seed ' $2C©21 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 75@2 60; Green
Peas. $1 7Bfi2 60 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The market continued weak for ■ ordinary
offerings of river Potatoes, while fancy stock,
which was In light receipt, remained firm at
the maximum quotation. Salinas Burbanks
continued to meet with a good demand at pre
vious prices and fresh arrivals of strictly fancy
Oregons brought a slight advance. Two cars
;-r— : : : rrrl*
Goldfleld and Tonopah Stocks. .
Goldfleld and Tonopah mining '■stocks are now
listed . by the San Francisco Stock Exchange
Hoard (the big board), a commission of one
half of one oer cent being charged on all trans
actions 1 . • .
ie Stats of California "December 1. 1904:
ng In t
i Oats.
I Ctls.
Barley.
CUs.
03.680 151.7CS
8.500 200
19.180 6,941
13.300 100
9.700 28.637 ....... :
49.840 48 532 .
' I
28,400 321.651 (
221.600 557.8£0 | "
32,258 I 153,240 j 174.640
25.400 041.400 731.720
10,211 618.3S0 162,320
400 | 341.920 582,220
36,883 1.460,360 755.28O
9,565 | 231.240 ) 505,820 [
13.429. 178,320 J 449.720 |
128,146 3,930.960 | 3,361.720 |
°f Sweets were received and prices had a!
wider range, with only selected offerings i
bringing the top quotation. Onions were un- !
changed.
With the exception of String Beans, which !
were slightly weaker, all descriptions of mis- :
cellaneous vegetables stood aa previously
quoted, the demand and supply about bal
ancing.
POTATOES— Burbanks from the river, 4O9
.0u per ctl; Salinas Burbanks. $1 10@l 42% per !
ctl; Oregon Burbanks. 75c©$l'10 per ctl; River i
Reds, CU@70c per ctl; Sweet Potatoes 65OS5c ;
per ctl. . '
ONIONS— $2 25S2 50 per ctl for local and
Oregon, and 52 for Utah stock. !
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. 3ig5c per lb-
String Beans. 3@5c per lb; Wax Beans 4-S6c; I
Lima Beans. SigSc per lb; Tomatoes 50c<a*l '
per box; Summer Squash. 75©9Oc per box- Cab
bage, We per ctl: Carrots, 75c per sack- Cu
cumbers, 85cS$l per box; Garlic. 4%<g5c per
lb; Egg Plant, large boxes, 75c@$l; do south
ern, 5@7c per lb : Dried Peppers, nominal:
Green Peppers, 40(gr>0c per box; Marrowfat and
Hubbard Squash. $8010 per ton.
Poultry and Game.
Poultry was in moderate but ample supply,
and. although trade was fairly active, the I
market was lacking In snap and condition* j
were still largely in favor of buyers. The de- I
mand for Ducks and Broilers was less urgent
and both • descriptions were quoted lower. I
Game arrived freely and most kinds cleaned !
up well at sustained prices. Receipts of dressed j
Turkeys were 24 cases and prices had a wider ;
range. * ;
POUTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 2O@24c per
lb; Live Turkeys. 16@lsc per lb: G%ese. per
pair. $2®2 25; Goslings. $2 23©2 50; Ducks, i
$5@5 50 per dozen for old and $t>{?7 for young- i
Hens. $4&4 DO tor small and f.vgs 50 for
large; young Roosters. $4 3o©5 50: old Roos
ters, $4®4 50; Fryers. $4@4 50; Broilers. $2 50 '
©3 50; Pigeons. $1 25; Squabs $2©2 50. ;
GAME— Mallard Ducks $2 50©3 per doaea;
Canvasback. $3@3 50; Teal $1 25@1 50- Sortg
52S2 50: Widgeon $1 50: ' Red Heads, $2- '
small Ducks. $1 25@1 50; Gray Geese $202 5O- I
White Geese. $1®1 50; Brant. $1 25«2: Honk- !
era, $3ig5; Snipe, $3 for English and $1 50 for |
common: Doves. $1 25; Hare, $1 BO; Rabbits. 1
$2 for Cottontails and $1 50 for Brush. I
Butter, Cheese and Errs.
Butter and Eggs are both very gteady owing
largely to the clear, cold weather, which checks
the production and increases • the consumption,
and an additional source of strength to But
ter is the receipt of some orders for the north.
Some dealers quoted 22c yesterday, but the'
majority opposed any advance, saying that it j
would at once shut off all shipping orders, 1
and that If the possible rain predicted by the '
Weather Bureau occurred the market would
Immediately weaken off again. . All dealer*
agreed, however, that if the demand were up j
to the average prices would advance, but it 1
continues very slow. The medium and lower 1
grades have been In the best demand lately.
The situation in Eggs Is similar to that in !
Butter. Receipts of ranch continue light and i
the cold weather helps the market, but pos
sible rains were predicted .yesterday, and this !
had a tendency to check Tiny upward move- |
ment. At -the same time the top quotation j
was obtained in numerous Instance*. Some I
store Eggs came In and sold at 2Sc. but this I
description is no longer a factor In the market. •
Cheese rules weak and the receipts yester- !
day were larger than for some time. The I
market is weak and dull and dealers are dis
posed to sell. i i
Receipts were 37,400 lbs Butter. 431 cases •
Sggs and 40,000 lbs Cheese. j
BUTTER— Creamery at first hands. 21c !
for extras and 19S2uc for lower to medium !
grades; dairy. 17® 18c; cold ' storage, nominal;:
store Butter. 10C14c; Eastern cubes, nominal; '
Eastern ladle-packed, 15ft 10c. •
CHEESE— ll@ll»ic for choice mild new and I
BflOo-for old; cold storage,- 10%©llc; Young;
Americas, 12@12%c: Eastern. lO'jilSc per lb. j
EGGS— Ranch. 35®o0c for good to fancy and
£i©H2Vac for common;, cold storage, 25®3uc;
Eastern, 23@28c for choice. 22{?24c for stand
ards and l!)@21c for seconds.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Aside from a fair movement In medium
priced Apples there was very little doing in
the fruit market, as the coo! weather restricted ;
trade in Citrus lines and Grapes and there was !
no movement to speak of In shipping channels. J
Receipt* of Apples were much lighter than !
usual, only tw 0 cars being received froro the '
north, tut the market was still heavily bur
dened with fancy stock, which dragged badly. I
Stocks of Grapes were light, but the demand i
waa likewise* and prices of small packages
ranged lower. Strawberries and Raspberries
' were mostly poor. Cranberries were slow of :
sale, with large stocks on hand. Tropical !
fruits were in good supply and moved slowly |
at the old quotations. ' 1
STRAWBERRIES— $3©10 per chest for'
Longwortha and $1 30^1 for the large va
rieties.
RASPBERRIES— $6*58 per chest.
CRANBERRIES— $9©11 per bbl for East
ern and $2 75©3 per box for Coos Bay.
' APPLES — $1 23 per box for extra fancy, 73a
€$1 for ordinary fancy and 404?65c for common
to choice; Lady Apples, J2©2 25 per box.
PEARS— Winter Nellls, $1 50@l 75 per box;
cooking varieties, 50cg$l per box.
PERSIMMONS— 50@05c per box.
GRAPES — Small boxes and crates, 40OS5c;
open boxes. 65©85c.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. Navels, $102 per !
box; Seedlings. 75cS$l; Tangerines^ 75c for !
small and $1 for large boxes; Japanese I
Mandarins. $1®1 25 per box: Lemons $2 5063
for fancy. $1 75®2 25 for choice and $1©1 50
for standards: Grape Fruit. $1 75©2 5O; Mexi
can Limes. $4 per case; Bananas, $2§3 per
bunch for Central American aad $1®2 for Ha
waiian; Pineapples. $1 30@3 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Xuts, Raisins, Honey.
Honey continues dull, with the local market
well supplied with Nevada. The Los Angeles
Herald says:
"In Southern California, the season's crop of
Honey has proved a complete failure, aa the '
output is reported by competent authority to i
have been only five carloads. In the San j
Joaquln Valley the Honey crop Is placed at 100
carloads. The old crop Is all In second handa !
practically and is going eastward from 6%@7c j
a pound for Water White. The new crop of !
the valley produce is being marketed at 4%9 I
4»,c a pound. Demand for Comb Honey Is 1
steady, as this Is the consuming season, and I
fancy White jobs at about 15c a pound." . L
FRUITS — Apricots, 8®10%c for Royals and
9%©12c for Moorparks; Nectarines 6%07%c j
for White and C%©7c for Red; Peaches. 7%® 1
8%c per lb; Ptara, 7®12c; Plums, pitted. 6@
6%c for blacks. 7%@8%c for red and "S5%c
for yellow; Figs. 2-crown bricks, 80c; 3-crown. .
55c: 4-crown, 60c; 6-crown. 65c; bulk white,
2*i«T3e: black. 2%©5%c; Evaporated Apples,
4%66%c per lb.
PRUNES— 1%©1%c per lb for the four staes
and 2%c basis for the large sizes.
.RAISINS — 1904 crop t. o. b. Fresno — Im
perial clusters. $2 25«2 50; Dehesa. $1 S0O1 33; !
London Layers. W-'r; Jl 10; Loose Muscatels, 4- |
crown. 5©5%c; 3-crown, 4%c; 2-crown, 3%© j
3?4c: Seeded. 4%(g6%c; Thompson's Seedless. 1
4%C»%c; Seedless Sultanas. 3@5c per lb.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 12®13o; No.
2. 10#llc; No. 1 hardshell. 12c; No. 2. 10c:
AlmcntH 16(S17c for Nonpareils. 14&14%c for
I X L. 13%gi4%c for Ne Plus Ultra and He for
Languedoc: Peanuts, 607c • fcr Eastern: Pe
cans, llgT.ic; Coeoanuts. $4 5035: Chestnuts.
8g9c per lb for Italian.
HONEY— Comb. Il%ei3c for white and 10©
lie for amber; water white extracted. 5%Q8c;
light amber extracted, 5<35%c; dark. 3fNHc
BEESWAX— 27©29c per lb.
Provisions.
All prices remain as before and the markets
are 'quiet, ' both here and In the West.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 10%c Der lb for
heavy, 10%c for light medium. 13e for light, |
142 for extra lluht and 14 %c for sugar-cured: I
dry Salt Sides, 10c: Bellies, lie; Eastern su
gar-cured Hams, 12 to 14 lbs. 12%c: 15 to,
18 lbs 12c; 17 to 20 lbs. lH,c; California I
Hams.' 11 -Me; Mess Beef. $10@10 50 per bbl: |
i extra Mess. $10 30511; Family. $12©12 50; ■
prime Men Pork. $14 50: extra clear. $22:
Mess. ?16 50: Pis Pork. $25; Pigs' Feet. $3;
Smoked Beef. 14c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at «%c per lb for
California compound. 7c for Eastern compound
and 9c for pure: half-barrels pure, 9%c; 10
lb tins, 9«ic; 5-lb tins. »%=: 3-lb tins. 10c.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 8%c: three
half barrels. S%c: one tierce. 8%c; two tierces,
8%c: five tierces. Keeper lb.
Hides. Tallow. Wool and Hops.
Hops, cdntlnue dull at the lower prices noted
several days ago. The Portland Oregonlan
says compilations by leading dealers show Ore.
gon's crop to have been 80.000 to 85.000 bales,
or more than was generally figured on. Esti
mates of the stock unsold range from 10,000
to 15.000 bales.
, HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
abcut %«glc under quotations. . Heavy . salted
Steers, lie; medium. 10c: light. 9%'X10c: Cow
Hides, 9%@10c for heavy and iHi^lOc for
light; Stags, 7®7%c; Salted Kip. lOUc; Salted
AUCTION SALES
fe* fe
T\A/O C«RLOc»DS
Of HEAVY HORSES at 220 VALENCIA 8T.
WESTERN HORSE MARKET.
E. STEWART & CO.
rBeans.
I Sacks
1 Rye
] Ctls
Com.
Ctls.
3.160
200
20.300
2.SS0
2«,O40
Veal. HffllUc; Salted Calf, U%'812%c; dry
Hides. 17V-@lSc: dry Kip. 15c; dry Calf. 20c:
Sheepskins, shearlings. 2S^4Oc each: sl»or»
Wool. 50®75c each; medium. 90c©*l 10: long
Wocl. $1 25©1 75: Horse Hides. *alt. 13 for
larms and ?2 50 for medium. $1 5»>92 for small
and 50c for Colts: Horse Hides, dry, »1 73 for
large and $1 SO for medium. $1 for small. 50c
for Colts. Buck Skins— Dry Mexican. 30c; Atx.
salted Mexican. 2.V; dry Central American.
30c: Goat Skins* — Prime Angoras, 75c: extra
large do. $1 25; large. 50c: medium. 33c;
small. 20c.
TALLOW— No. X rendered, 4©4%c P«r H>:
No. 2, 3%c: Grease. 2Vjf?3<\
WOOL— Fall dtp— San" Joaquin and South
ern. 9<81Ic: Southern, St^c; Southern Moun
tain. 0®llc: Middle Counties, fre*. 12t?14c;
1 do defective, 10<3l2c: Northern free. 12814c;
do defective. 10612c: Humboldt and Metulo
cino. 1C©1Sc per Ib.
HOPS— 1004 crop, 23£30c per Ib; 1305 crop.
Meat Mnrket.
The situation remains as before.
j DRESSED MEATS.
. Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
■ are as follows: /
BEEF— «@7c for Steers and 4%3«c per Ib
for Cows.
VEAL— Larg». «%30c: small, 8S9c per Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7S«c; Ew> 3 , «V,©7Ho
• per Ib.
I LAMB— 8%CJ>%c per Ib.
j PORK— Dressed Hogs, R%t?S%e per Ib. '
\ ' LIVESTOCK MARKET.
I The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock delivered In San Francisco, less 40®
45 jer cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 7%97%c; Cows and Htlf
er», 54e«%c: thin Cows. 4®5c per Ib.
CALVES — 194 %c per Ib fgross weight).
SHEEP — Wethers. 3 t^'g3*ic; E«ei, 3tS3%«
per Ib (gross weiaht).
LAMBS— $2 50#2 75 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs, 200 to 23O lbs. 4%tf4T<ie;
ISO to 200 lbs. 5®5Vic; SO to 130 lbs. 4'V'84%(?;
soft H'ixs, not wanted; Sows. 20 t»r cent off;
Boars. 60 per cent off. and Stags, 40 per cent
off from above quotations.
General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain Bags. B%c spot and Re for
I next year; Wool Bags. 30^32c; Fleece Tw%i«.
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton: New Wel
; llngton. $S; Seattle, $8 50; Bryant. $8 50
' Beaver Hill, $5. CO; Roslyn, $7; Coos Bay
j $."> 60; Richmond. $S; Cumberland. $13 In bulk
j and $14 25 in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracito
Egg. $14; Welsh Anthracite Egg $13- Welsh
Lump. $11 50: Cannel. $» per ton; Cok», $11 5t>
613 per ton In bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky
! Mountain descriDtlons. $8 50 per short ton.
j OILS — Quotations are for barrels: for cas*a
j add 5c: Linseed. 55c per gallon for boded and
■ 53c for raw; Castor Oil. in cases. No. 1 70e;
Bakers' AA. cases, $1 XtyQl 12; Lucol,
i 50c for boiled and 49c for raw;
i China Nut. cases. fi5-tj*0c per gallon: Cocoanut
• Oil. In barrels. 5Sc for Ceylon and 65c for
I Australian: extra bleached winter Sperm Oil.
I 6Sc; natural winter Sperm Oil. ' «3c; extra
bleached winter Whale Oil. 57c; natural Whala
I Oil, 52c; extra winter strained Lard Oil. 75c;
No. 1 Lard OH. 65c: pure Neatafoot Oil. 7^c;
No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil. KJc: light Herring Oi!.
42c; dark Herring Oil. 40c: Salmon Oil, 34c:
boiled Fish Oil. 37c; raw Fish Oil. 33c; boiled
Paint Oil. 33c; raw Paint OH. 31c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil In bulk.
13c: Pearl Oil. In cases. lDVic; Astral. l»So;
Star. l»Vjc: Eitra Star. 22%c; Elaine. 2Sc;
1 Eocene. 21Vie; Deodorized Stove Gasoline. In
bulk. 16c: l"n cases, 22%c; Benzine. In bulk.
i 13c: in cases.' lO'-ic: Sti-degree Gasoline, in
I bulk. 25c: in cases, 31c.
TURPENTINE — 75c r°r gallon In cases and
CSr in drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7%f»
I 7%c per lb; White Lead, 7%97%e, according
I to quantity.
i SUGAR — Tfce Western Sugar Refining Com»
I pany quotes as follows, per lb, fit lOrt-lb bags:
I Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 6.2.V:
! Powdered. 6.10c; Candy Granulated. 6.10c: Dry
i Granulated. fin«, 6c: Dry Granulated, coarse.
! 6c: Fruit Granulated. 6c: Beet Granulated
j flCO-lb bags only). 3 90c; Confectioners* A. 6c:
, Magnolia A. 3.Bflc; *Extra C. 5.50c: Golden C.
■ 5.40c: "D. 5.30c: barrels. 10c more: half
' barrels. 25c more: boxes, 50c more: 50-lb bax3.
• lOe more for all kinds. Tablets — Half Barrels.
! «.50c; boxes. 6.73c: H. & E. Crj'stal Domlnoa,
t 9c per lb. N» orders taken for less than sev
enty-flve barrels cr Its equivalent.
! "Receipts of Prodnce.
I FOR THURSDAY. DECEMBER 8.
i Flour qr sks.. 24.2251Shorts. sks 1.130
'■ Wheat. ct»s ... 1.414;Leather. rolls .. 1T9
1 Barley ctls ... 12.312, Hides. No 671
! Oats "ctls 1,0131 Pelts, bdls 315
I Corn ctls 241|Lime. bbl» 3«*
1 Sugar ctls .... «00! Parser, rolls .... T3.1
! Beans", sks 8.813J Brandy, gals ... 3.0«:O
'Potatoes, aks .. 4.5«l!wjne gals 113. 45O
Onions sks .... 632 1 ''}uick3llTer flsks 273
Bran sks ..... 7.915: Hay. tons 80S
Middlings, sks. . 2.08l:Wool. bales 4J
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks.. S.oon^vool. bale* ..... ft
sks .. 200i
EASTERN.
•Com. ctls 2.2 »0'
I Rye-
I Ctls.
Corn. I
i Ctls. \
I Beana. !
I Sacks. I
I 14.12(
39.8-S(
17.960
53.74C
63.80C
1 l^.-Jx
i 19.620
'23,600
'•is.Vso
326.313
6X9.908
333.073
752.874
312.746
476,874 I
J Tonopah Stocks Very Active, bnt All
'. the Others Dull.
Business on the Stock and Boad Exchange
was again quieter yesterday, the day being
1 the dullest for some time. The only fluctua
i tlon worthy of note waa a recovery in Alaska
' Packers from $S«»» to $00 under light trana
i The Tonopah Mining Exchange did a very
• active business, with many slight fluctuations.
I but the Comstock shares were quiet, as were
also the oil stocks.
Utah Mining Company has levied an assess-
I ment of 10c.
• The Arctic Mining Company. Limited, a San
Francisco corporation, has levied an assess
ment of 6 cents per share, delinquent Jan
uary 15. ■*■
The Central Eureka Mining Company paid a
regular monthly dividend of 7 cents per share,
amounting to $2S,ov.o. yesterday.
I . A seat in the Boston Stock Exchange ha*
I been sold for $20,500. which is an tdvance of
i $20<Y> over the last previous sale.
• The Red Slide Mining Company of Pluma*
' County ha* levied an assessment of 5 centa
per share, delinquent January XX
The Karma Mining Company of Kern Coun
ty has levied an assessment of 10 cents per
share, delinquent January 2.
THURSDAY. Dec. 8—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BOND3.
Bid Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s or coup. .10«*il0«%|4s Or cp new.m I.t1«i
4s ar reg...lO5%l"5 T v .~>s qr coup.. .104tjlf3
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Va A W 5s. — — lUak T Co *Ss.l20 —
As*o Oil Bft 82% 87% | Do 5s 113 —
Bav CPC .V. — I^ ' °° ™ n Ss.lOTUilc.-,
Cal C G 5s. — 103 lOceanlo 3 5». 63 73
Cal G & E K !°m <*a*>le «» — 1=1
m & ct 5s 84% — I Pac G Im 4s. — —
CaT-s? C 59.114 - IP E Ry 5s.. 104% —
r C w*t 5s. — »» IP A C H 0s. 104 _
t-aL & p «s. — i2« IP * o r. «s. - — ,•
v * C H 6sll4Vi — iPowell-st «s. — —
Gefrv-st 5sT — S5 I Sac EDAfUahcO* —
H C&S 5%s.lO5 '— SF & SJVr.fl.113H —
Do 5s .7.-100% — I Sierra R «.«.«-- —
Hon R T 6.«.106>.il07% S P of A 6s
L A Elec Bs.103 - I <1^> V» -
L A By 5s..HRVi"«U' «'010) 110V;it0»4
L A L Co 6s — — IS P of C 6s
Do gtd e». — — \ <190,-,)Sr A. 101 101%
£0 gtd 5s.lO2% — (lftornsr B. — 103%
LAP lem 5S.101 — O!KM> 104% —
Mfct-8t C «■-«« — flfllZ) ■ 114H —
Do lem Rs.ll«H — ISPC 1 eg 5s. — —
MVft MtT5s.lO5 110 Do stampd.lOS 108%
vrk of ces.io«t; _ :s p b n eM.ta -
D« 5s ....lW^ilS* S V Wat 6s.liT4*; —
V P C R 5s. 105% — Do 4s Mm.ini>t;irotJ
N C Ry 5s-. — -*- Do 4s 3-1m. DO 100
V C P C S*. — — Do jr mt«ts »7S —
V S R R 5s. — 102% Stkn GAE*«. »3 —
OG L*H 5s. — IK* IT" O ft K B*J02« —
OWgtd 5s. — 100 ILTl of SF 4s. 87% —
WATER STOCKS.
M^Co^ 2 - 3 ! rS WaTco. 5 5*
OAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L * P. 3% 4 ;s F G * E. 55$ S«
Mutual E L. — IlHIStkn O & E. — 3t$
Pac L Co... — fiOHtL* O « E Co. — —
INSURANCE.
Frem's Fnd.310 — I
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk- — 130 I L P * A.... 133 —
ADVEKTISJOtENTS.
yfONOMHMINim
[SIOCKUSIBBl
JTAN FRANCISCO STOCK]
EXCHANGE BOARD?
ytte Big Board - <*
Ass decided to- List I he leading)
JroCKJin the ab^re districts. \
\RE6ULAR CALL 939+M-a.p.n.\
STOCK MARKET.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
Continued on Page Fourteen.
1516
- ADVEIM'ISKMEXTS. ,; '• • ■ . ■' ■ .' ■■ - : - ■ "•
|P^^^^ Suggestions for Christmas Gifts for ■ . ' V^plf* 0 Jf^
\\/' f^iiii ill Rnv>* *f£+* -<> '$ - m
&~ il&JW\}i%gi ITiiXG^Io Suits* : *f '*
tSjf Silk Corduroy Blouse Suits. SM w
W y Russian Blouse Suits. • isf M
"| . Norfolk Suits. y ■ W
Or ® 'Three-Kece sliits. W "^
Eton Sailor Surts Sailor Saits
AU wool. Handsomely trim- . . . ' D PfiflSr O VGrCOfttS
mecL latest snies in fancy In all the newest fabrics and latest styles at moderate T'j' ,^- . f -
tweeds, homespuns and serges. n r j ce s ' all-wool oxfords and blue
Bloomer and knee pants. Ages v ~' cheviots, our regular $4.50 val-
5 to 12. . A handsome Oristrrns present with each purchase ues, ages 2^ to 8.
C (\(\ JJ[VK J n our Boys' und Children's Department. /\/\
*P • U \J Up Brown's Clothing Orders moke acceptable Christmas gifts. H* •UU
„ * NIGHTS
DOLBEER TRIAL
SOON TO END
The proponents In the Dolbeer wm
contest announced i^psterday that they
would close on Monday or Tuesday.
The trial will probably be ended the
latter Dart of the week. The adjourn
ment yesterday was taken to Monday,
and the assurance that the end was in
Fight was given when Judge Coffey
facetiously expressed alarm in discuss
ing the question of whether or not to
go on to-day.
The strongest testimony in behalf of
the will has been reserved to the last.
■Witnesses have covered a very wide
range to show that Bertha Dolbeer
never exhibited signs of insanity. Yes
terday there was testimony that struck
home to the issue in the contest— was
Miss Dolbeer mentally incompetent
when she executed the will on April 23,
1904? The question was answered by
Miss Bertha Wilcoxen. the trained
nurse who was in constant attendance
on the testatrix, emphatically in the
negative.
"She was perfectly rational and noth-
ADVEKTlSE3tEXTS.
J jgB0&. MACNINS RELIABLE WEAR- J&$^.
Jllfpllk for WOMENjgdjCHILDREN
Girls'
mmmk Regulation
Ji|r Sailor Suits
vi 4v^$p ' M^de of fine quality all—
wool English serge; sizes
JyMiim^^ 4 to 12 years (see illus- I
Regular price - f $11.50
• SALE PRICE
Children's Coat Dcpt.
Great price concession to-day and to-morrow on our
entire line of CHILDREN'S COATS, ages i to 16 years.
j^0^btS:^?Sv Ladies'" and I
' g^^^H^© R jdin S Hats
■^*^5a£^-.: J;*^*^ ''"J '•' : *f~ Made of stitched cloth
and French felt.
to - - $2.75, $3.00 ™*
- ALL MODEL and FANCY TRIMMED CHILDREN'S
HATS at much less. than former prices.
I 918-922^ Market St. — no Braish; stored
ing ailed her whatever." declared the
witness. .;. .
HEALTH WAS GOOD.
Miss Wilcoxen had been, caring for
Miss Dolbeer for ten days prior to April
23. • The testatrix was taking the rest!
cure in preparation for her trip to Eu- j
rope and to recover from the fatigue i
an active social season had induced. I
Her health was so good, however, that
Miss Wilcoxen suggested a number of
times that there was no need of em
ploying a nurse. But Miss Dolbeer said ;
she liked to have the witness about her ;
for company and wished to retain her;
the few days remaining before her de- j
parture for Europe. i
While Miss Dolbeer I was taking the :
rest cure her appetite indicated no ill ,
health. She had eggs and either ham j
or bacon for breakfast. Soup, chops.
vegetables and other components of a j
hearty lunch were eaten daily. For din- |
ner Miss Dolbeer would have such va- .
riety as soup, oysters, a bird or roast |
beef. !
Miss Wilcoxen said that Miss Dolbeer j
slept very well every night, though she
admitted that the usual light sleeping
potion given to persons taking the rest
cure was administered. She denied
positively the allegation of contestant
that the testatrix was constantly fed
with trianol to produce sleep. Accord-
Ing to the witness Miss Dolbeer was
happy In anticipation of the trip to Eu
rope and much pleased when it was
definitely arranged that she could go.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, : FRIDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1904.
The witness saw the envelopes con
taining the original will and copy, re
spectively. In response to a Jocular in
quiry Miss Dolbeer remarked in the
same vein, "Oh, I made my will long
ago." The day Miss Dolbeer left the
house with Mrs. Douglas Sloane Wat
son to execute her will she, was per
fectly sane and in good spirits, de
clared Miss Wilcoxen, and was in nor
mal frame. of mind when she returned.
Miss Ether Roche, a niece of the tes
tatrix and a beneficiary under the will
to the amount of $10,000, who is em
ployed as clerk for Dunham, Carrlgan
& Havden. said she met Miss Dolbeer
three times last March and regarded
her as perfectly sane.
GUEKXWOOD'S DEPARTURE.
Attorney Hiram Johnson moved to
strike out the deposition of Fred A.
Greenwood, read the day before, on the
ground that the deponent had been in
the city and available till Monday last,
when he started for the East. When his
deposition was taken several weeks ago
he made the statement under oath that
he was then about to leave 'the State,
and Johnson objected to the alleged
sharp work. Judge Coffey held, how
ever, that the deposition should stand.
Inasmuch as deponent was now beyond
the confines of California.
William G. Mugan, one of the e«
ecutors named by Miss Dolbeer, was
next called. He corroborated much, of
the important evidence produced, and
then told of the efforts of Mrs. Eliza
beth C. Phillips, the principal witness
for the contestant, to Induce the pay
ment to her. of a bonus of $15,000, to be
added to her legacy of $10,000. She had
threatened to "break the will" if Miss
Warren "did not disgorge." The wit
ness related the details of the inter
view with her and his part in it, in
which he told Mrs. Phillips that she
was merely engaging In a blackmailing
scheme. The witness was being taken
over the hurdles in cross-examination
by Hiram Johnson when court ad
journed. . . *
Town Talk.
The Saunterer tells of the revivification
of Has-beens at the Martin ball, of the
discovery of Maxlne Elliott by society
and of the disappointment of- a distin
guished Britisher who made desperate
love to a local belle. He also tells of a
titled foreigner who Is here ostensibly
to avoid managing mammas at - home,
and among his many, exclusive items of
interest is the story of the marriage of
a matinee idol to a San Francisco girl.
He also tips the winner of the Speaker
ship contest, gives a_ great doal. of exclu
sive political news,' and tells ■ how .the
Chinatown sack is distributed. The lit J
erary features this week are of the usual
high standard. The story by Robert
Mace .seems to have been inspired by the
Dolbeer will contest, 1 and contains a- sug
gestion of considerable value. That ex
quisite stylist, Harry Cowell, discusses
the universal vice, vulgarity.
Cannady Released on Writ.
An application for a writ of habeas
corpus for the release of W. A. Can
nady was made by Attorneys McClel
lan & McClellan before Judge Cook
yesterday and was made returnable
forthwith. Cannady was arrested on
Monday night without a warrant, but
a telegraphic' warrant was received by
the police from San Jose just before
the case came up for hearing. Can
nady was charged with publishing
false statements regarding the oecu
niary condition, of a corporation? and
his attorneys contended that no such
crime . could be .found ini the Penal
Code and that therefore no public of
fense was charged. The Judge agreed
with them and ordered the .writ grant
ed and the defendant • discharged." Can
ncdy is manager and secretary of the
Fresno Diamond Company. *
Marsicano Case Arjrucd.
Judge Sloss yesterday received the
brief of George D. Collins in defense
of P. Marsicano in the suit by the
State for the abatement of 1129. Du
pont street. The State's side .was rep
resented by H. W. Hutton, Max Kuhl
and Assistant City Attorney I. Harris.
Mr. Kuhl made the reply, to Collins'
brief, and the latter was given five
days in which to answer the State's
complaint. - ,
Site for -New. -'.Public Library.
George A. Mullin, secretary of the
Board of Public Library Trustees,' yes
. terday transmitted to the Bo«Td of
[Supervisors a resolution reciting that
. it is the sense .of the trustees that the
! block bounded Iby Franklin," Fell; a.nd
1 Hayes streets and Van Ness avenue be
| selected as' a- site for the. new, public
• library, building under the recent bond
I issuehKtSHMtt
j' narnott'd Bitrnvt of Vnnllla Is the
• best, perfectly pure, highly concentrated. "•'
SCANDAL DRAWS
TOWARD CLOSE
Though the Police Commission met
yesterday afternoon' to proceed Avith
the investigation of the charges of cor
ruption in Chinatown it found more of
interest in the petition of Martin Cre
«xlia that he be allowed to drape the
doorways of boxes in his restaurant
at 15 Third street with curtains than
in the police investigation- This peti
tion occasioned an animated discussion
between Chief Wittman and the mem-,
bers of the board.
Commissioner Ilutton did not see
why the petition should De denied in
view of the fact that many of the
larger cafes enjoy the privilege, but he
said he was In favor of ." having the
doorways of the booths In every res
taurant in town removed. He said
they offered opportunity for women and
even children to drink. Chief Witt
man said all he wanted ■ to know was
the pleasure of the board in. reference
to the curtains and he would see any
order that might be issued would be
carried out. The question, went over
to the next meeting of the board. .
The Chinatown scandal was then
taken up, but nothing was accom
plished. Attorney Jacob S. Meyer said
that he had been unable to get the
District Attorney to (Stipulate as to the
disposition. of the contents of the safe
taken from the place of Chin Kun You
at 820 Washington street and that in
consequence the search warrant pro
ceedings must be prosecuted to a con
clusion. He said that should he re
cover possession of the safes. he would
open them in the presence of the police
and give them all of the documents
they contain.
Commissioner Drinkhouse next made
plain his position toward the gamblers
of Chinatown by reciting an incident
that occurred in January. He said he
was taking a party through Chinatown
and upon entering a brightly lighted
place found that it was a gambling
resort and that fantan was running.
He forthwith reported the matter to
Sergeant Christiansen, who told him
that he (Christiansen) had tried to en
ter the place earlier in the evening but
had been unable to do so. Drinkhouse
then reported his discovery to Chief of
Police Wittman and the Chief put a
slop to the gambling.
After Commissioner^ Drinkhouse had
concluded his story the case was con
tinued until next Tuesday night, when
any further evidence that may be dis
covered in the meantime will be con
sidered. ,
BERGEN ESTATE — Henry Von j Bergvn
yenterday petitioned for letters of upeclal ad
ministration upon the California estate of his
father, John J. Von Bergen, commonly known
here as Van Bergen, who died last Tuesday at
the a«e of RB, In Hanover. Germany. A widow
and six children survive in Germany. The es
tate consists chiefly of realty, which demands
Immediate attention.
ADVEKT1SE31EXTS.
if Chidreringr
The piano that stands II
fl like, the Monarch; of w
!the. Woods, ' towering A
above! them all.V- //
The '.' ChickeringS; -Quarter M
Grand, the ''smallest .: Grand h
made,-: • is > now > the'.Joremost • ffi
feature.' i V •'■•ill
,. Open Erenlnflrs W
.' . • • XTntU Cnristmas - V
l£Op&ritfl&& A
I * San Jose -fllemcda-Frwno \J
ASA R. WELLS
DIES AFTER A
LONG ILLNESS
PROMINENT CITIZEN AND FOR
MER AUDITOR OF SAN FRAN
CISCO WHO DIED YESTERDAT.
Asa. R. Wells, for half a century a
citizen of San. Francisco, prominent In
public life and successful in private en
deavor, died yesterday morning at his
home, 1406 J«ckson street. Burdened
by years, he* failed in health a twelve
month ago and, though the immediate
cause of death is given by his physician
as heart failure, it was time's inroads
that had taken from his once strong
physique the power to resist disease.
He was 75 years of age when the sum
mons came. He leaves a widow and
three sons and two daughters, all of
whom live in this city.
The late Mr. Wells came to San Fran
cisco !n the early fifties from Saratoga,
N. Y. He engaged largel in ship
pine, but gave some of his time to the
lumber business. Though he met with
some financial reverses- it is said that
he amassed a fortune, which he invest
ed in San Francisco realty.. A few
years ago he retired from business life,
though every campaign found him ac
tive on behalf of his party — the .Repub
lican.
He was elected Auditor of the city,
which office he filled with credit, and in
1901 he was nominated for Mayor, but
met defeat after an. energetic { cam
paign, conditions at the time being un
favorable to his " candidacy. In that
campaign he led his Democratic com
petitor by a large majority. "
Mr. Wells was treasurer of California
Comrr.andery No. 1, Knights Templar.
ABVKKT1SEM£NTS.
itching, Scaly and Crusted
With Loss of Hair
Speedily Cured by Cute
Soap and Ointment
When Every othar Remedy ?:
: Physicians Fail
WKrm shampoos with Cuticura Soap
and ii«ht dressings of Cuticura, the
great' shin cure, at once stop falling
half, remove crnsts, scales and dan-
druff, soothe irritated, itching surfaces,
destroy. hiiJr parasites, stimulate the
hair follicles, loosen the scalp skin,
Bnpply the roots with energy and nonr-
ishraeut, and make the hair grow upon
a sweet, healthy scalp' when all elso
fails.;;- ; ■ .-'. . . . . . ■ ■:■'• - ■ '
Millions of the world's best people
use Cnticura Soap, assisted by Cuti-
cura Ointment, the great sltln care, for
preserving, purifying .'and beautifying
the. skin,< -_f or cleansing the scalp of
crnsts,' 'scales and dandruff 1 , and the stop-
ping ; of " laUing hair, for softepiog,
whitening and soothing red, rough and
sore hands, for baby rashes, itchings
and : chaflngs,'. for annoying J irritations
and inflammations , or too free or offen-
sive perspiration; for ulcerative weak-
nesses, and ':. many antiseptic ~ purposes
which ■ readily suggest .themselves • to
women, as well ; as for. all ■ the, purposes
of the toilet, bath and nursery.
. Complete •"! treatment- for-', every hu-
mour, consLsting of Cutjcura. Soap, to
cleanse the skin, Cutlcnra.Oiutment. to
heal the skin; and- Cuticnri Hesolvent
Pills, to cool and cleanse the blood, may
now be had for one dollar. ' 'A single set
is ' often ' suUcient to : care the , most
torturing, disfiguring, itching, burninc
and • ecaly humoursr eczemas, : rashes
and irritations, . from ' infancy ' to age.
when all else falls.
■old throughout tha world. " Cntieorm • RnoWtnt. (tie.
(In form of Chm-oUt* Co*t«d Pills. 25c. per vial of 60).
Ointment, <0e.. Soap. 25c Dspotii London. 27 Charter*
houw Sq.iParin. A Hue d« la r»txs Bn«ton. 1"" Columbi I
A»». ■ Potter Drnt * Cfcem., Corp.. Sole Propnetori.: •
*r"Send for '" Ilow to Cure Srery Humour. •
XEWMAX & IiEVIXSOX.
Kearny and Satter Streets.
" Store Open Saturday until 10 P. M.
\' ■ — r - . . > ~~f '.
Dainty Handkerchiefs in
Fancy Boxes for Christmas
Our Handkerchief Department presents an immense variety
of Fancy Boxed Handkerchiefs, for Ladies, Gents and Chil-
dren, at prices which are very modest.
Children's Colored Border Hand- Men's Pure Irish Linen Handker-
kerchiefs, plain and initialed, put chiefs, hemstitched, with hand em-
up three in a fancy box, broidered initials, six in a box,
I5c,.25cand 50c per Box $l.50,$3.00 and $5.75 per Box
Ladies' Pure Linen Handkerchiefs, Men's Full Dress Mufflers, of black
with hand embroidered initials, six silk, with fancy. or quilted white
in a fancy box, * silk lining,
90c, $1.00 and $1.50 per Box $2.25, $2.50 and $3.50 Each
A Splendid Chance to Buy
Pretty Toilet Sets
Several styles on sale Friday, comprising Bureau Scarf with
Pin Cushion Covers to match — values that av ill be hard to
duplicate when these are sold : . *
Toilet Sets of Fancy Dotted Swiss, Toilet Sets of Dotted Net, with ruffle
with ruffle edge trimmed tf< AA edged with lace ; lined in *« ,--
with lace $1.UU pink, blue or yellow «>1.CO
- Toilet Sets of Fancy Swiss, with Toilet Sets of Point d'Esprit and
double row of lace inser- c< CA Fancy Net trimmed with ribbons
tion; lined in light colors $1 .3U and lace. .$2.50, $3.25 to $9.00
Sale of Cushion Cases
Handsome Cushion Cases, madeready^to slip over pillow
— 22 inches square, with ruffle all around/, in entirely new
designs, curded and stitched in white on washable linen, in
such desirable colors as pink, blue, tan, green,
lavender, delft and nile ; would be considered ex- <£.* c\r\
cellent value at Si. 50 each — Sale price, Friday vpl*UU
Pearl Opera Glasses
$5.00 instead of $8.50
With Christmas so near at hand, this should be interesting
news. We've secured another lot of those elegant Opera
Glasses, to sell at this extraordinarily low price. They are
made of Oriental pearl, with the finest of French
lenses and gold plated slides — worth Tegularly r\r\
$8.50 a pair — Special Friday, while quantity lasts 4>D*UU
Men's Bath Robes
$8.00 Values at $6.00
Just what almost every man wants and what he specially
likes to get at Christmas. This special lot of Bath and
Lounging Robes — suitable for home or club — are made of
unusually fine quality wool Blanket Cloth, in brown, green,
blue, red and gray plaid designs, with large collar
and girdle to match gown — all sizes — worth regu- q>s f\r\
larly $8.00 each, special for Friday at vpO*UU
Our Christmas Orders for
Gloves or Merchandise
Make desirable and acceptable holiday gifts. They are easily
purchased and issued for any amount you desire. The reci-
pients make their own selections — from any department, at
anytime.
While no arrangements have been
made for his funeral the obsequies
probably .will be under the direction of
that commandery.
Mrs. Vnchell Dlea In England.
Word has been received here of the
sudden death at Cadnam, Hampshire
County, England, of Mrs." Josephine
Vachell, wife of Guy Courtenay
Vachell and youngest daughter of the
late C. H. Phillips, who was one of
the most prominent business men of
the interior of % the State.
The news of Mrs. Vachell's death
came as a great shock to her relatives
and 'friends here,, for It was only a
short time ago that she left California
in the best of health, looking forward
to a happy tour of Europe. The dis
patch gave no details as to the nature
of her last Illness. -•
Mrs. Vachell was well known, both
here and In San Jose, .where she had a
large circle of friends. She was a
young woman of rare accomplish
ments and lovable disposition and
will be sadly missed. She is survived
by her mother, two sisters, Mrs. R. W.
Sanford of Santa Clara and Mrs. Jane
Wunnergstad' of this city, and three
brothers, Chauncey H.. Chester D.
and Nelson ,B.' Phillips.
Vice Consnl I.aidley Dirs.
Henry J. Laidley, for the past six
teen years Vice Consul at this port for
Portugal, , died suddenly Wednesday at
11 a. m. in his office, 605 Clay street.
He was 7-6. years old and had been' In
poor health for some months past.
Yesterday he fainted at his desk and
Dr. A. B. Nelson wa3 summoned. He
worked upon the unconsicous man for
twenty minutes, but was unable to
resuscitate him. Decedent was a na
tive of Portugal and had been In the
service of his country for twenty-seven
years. . • .
ritOMlXEXT WOMEX WILA.
EXTERTAJX MAXY CHILDREN
"Land of the 'Nursery Rhymes*! to Be
Presented Under Palronaseof
. the' California Club.
: Tickets for "The Land of the Xur
sery Rhymes," to be given this even
ing and to-morrow afternoon at the
Alhambra Theater,; are well-nigh dis
posed of. " The prominent women
named " below,' .who ..have engaged
boxes, will- entertain parties of chil
dren, and the sight promises to be one
that will' be: both bright and gay. This
"Land of the Nursery Rhymes" is one
of -the most original and beautiful
things presented to the public of San
Francisco for many years for both old
and young. V
As the California Club is about to
build its own;clubhouse, the ladies are
very desirous of making the affair a
success. , Mrs.;A, R: Cotton, Mrs.. C. A."
Warren, -Mrs.: A. W.'.Scott;- Mrs. James
McDonald. Mrs. J.. Foster. Mrs. Ati
to'ne ' Bore!.. Mrs.. Lovell White. Mrs.
A. C. Brown, Mrs. W. A. Halstead,
Mrs." Timothy. Guy. Phelps, Mrs. Hor
ace Coffin, MrsJS. R. Strickland, Mrs.
L.-Hertz. Mr8.E..p.;Schell-.and many
others are '• among . the * patronesses.
ADVEKTlSKaU^XTS.
OPEN EVENINGS. '
BUTTER. REGULAR SIZE SQUARE, 2THC
FULL WE16HT BUTTER, 2-lh sqaare.^45c
Extra choice Ilumboldt Creamery Butter.
Usually Me. - ■'.-■':
BEST RICE FOP CORX. g LB3 23c.
Java and Costa Rica Coffee — Usually 30c
Pound 2<>c
Java for richness, Costa Rica for strength;
■ y'. excellent blend.
COIX>RED XMAS TREE CANDLES. "BOX 10c.
Mince Meat — Mrs. Faber's. a Ib*....2Sc
More than a little better. Ready to put Into
your pie.
60c TEAS. TWENTY FLAVORS. L.B 40c.
Kew Soft Shell Almondi. 2 Va* 25c
Plump kernel, suod flavor.
40c SHELLED ALMON'DS. LB SOe.
Beat Japan nice. 6 lbs 25c
Large white grain. Cooks whole.
2-LB BOX CHRISTMAS CAKES. 25c.
Table Traits. 3-lb. cans 10c
■ Peeled Peaches, Pears and Asrtcots.
10c~iuGAiTpEAS. 5 CANS. 3Sc.
Solid Pack Tomatoes, 5 cans OSc
This season's }>ack reri ripe tomatoes.
l.'suallv 10c.
FRESSED KIGS. PACKAGE 3c.
Pearllne or XAvexlne. 3 nacks "oC
Best washing or scrubblns powders.
BEST MUSHES, 3 PACKAGES 23c.
Jesse Moore or Monogram AA, hot. .G7»C
Whisky of merit and reputation. Reg. qt. size.
»1 OLD GOVERNMENT WHISKY. BOT. 7,'xj.
Sweet 'Wlnes^ — "Eisen," usually $1.25. ..
Oallon 8Sc
blx-year I'ort. Sherry. Angelica, Muscatel.
MOTTS NEW YORK CIDER. GALLON, 40c.
Bohemia ZLufandel Wlae. irallon. . . .."On
Th» life of the crape. Usually 73c.
ALL 40c BOTTLED WINES AT ZoC. "
1001 Fillmore St 119 Taylor SL
Park 183 Phoa* Howard 1031
H. S. BRIDGE. & CO.,
MERCHANT TAILORS,
BI3COTSO TO
112 Sut,t.er St»reat*.
, I SAN PEANCISCO. I
ji Novelties in Insiort^d Wear. {
CUTLERY
EVERY BLADE WRRANTED