THE WEATHER..
Ftrecast m*d» at San for
thirty hours, cndlor midnight, Decem
ber 27:
g Ean Francisco and vicinity — Partly
cloud]' Tuesday; lixht north wind.
,, ' C. H. WIL16OX.
•.^f Local Forecaster.
VOLUME XCVII— NO. 27.
Methods of teachers
ARE UNDER DISCUSSION
Educators From Everu Part of Stater Gather in
Garden City to Talk Over School Affairs.
PEDAGOGUES MAKE KNOWN THEIR IDEAS
WILL NEVER
AGAIN USE
"THIRTEEN"
Railroad Issues Or
: der Against Un- j
lucky Number.
Eaeclal Ditttatch te Th« Call
PORTLAND, Or.. Dec. 26.— Because
cf the number of fatal accidents to
trains bearing the unlucky number 13,
orders have been Issued on the moun
tain division of the Oregon Railroad
and Navigation Company which strike
that number from the train sheet. The
tragic death of Conductor Charles F.
Brown at Kamela In November was
the climax.
The last train order sighed by Con
ductor Brown on that fatal trip was
order No. 13, which he received at
Bingham Springs and which, in his
asual Jovial manner, he at first refused
to sign for, telling the dispatcher to
change the number. After a few
Joking words over the wires with the
dispatcher Conductor Brown took the
order and in delivering a copy of it
:o Engineer Peter Theisen said in fun:
. ."That's a bad one. Pete. Look at
the number and then look out."
It was the last order Brown re
ceived. It being a "meet order" on
|rain No. 1 at Meacham.
MUSTACHES ABE TABOOED
"BY FRENCH FOREIGN OFFICE
Employes of the Dei>artmcnt Will
Xot Be Allowed to Wear
Whiskers.
PARIS, Dec. 26. — A peremptory de
rree reported to have been made by
ttie Minister of Foreign Affairs com
manding that all the employes of the
Foreign Department, high and low,
Eball shave off their mustaches and
beards, has created considerable ex
citement.
Protests from . the Federation of
Government Employes are said to
have brought the reply that even the
mustaches,, of the employes were . at
the service of the state. The federa
tion has now to the Society
for the Protection of the Rights of
Mankind. ■
The San Francisco Call.
PERSONS OF PROMINENCE IN
ATTENDANCE AT TEACHERS'
CONVENTION IN SAN JOSE, i
Eaecial Diroatch to The Call
SAN JOSE.";" Dec."* 2 6J— Teachers
from all over the State are gathering
here for the annual meeting of the
California State Teachers' Association,
which begins its sessions on Wednes
day. Every train arriving to-day
brought a number of pedagogues, and
to-morrow the "influx will .be much
larger,- as to-morrow evening. •• the
teachers of San Jose and Santa: Clara
County will tender the visitors a re
ception at the Hotel Vendpme. Quite
a number of teachers registered with
the secretary, Mrs. M. M.Fltz Gerald,
at # her office, in tijefNorinaT School to
day. A reception committee headed
by Prof esssr R. t>. Hunt of this city
was present to greet those who ar
rived. Judging from the. number who
arrived to-day this convention prom
ises to be oneof the largest ever held
by the California Teachers' Associa
tion. President -C. T. Bledehbach of
the association Is here 'arranging mat
ters for the convention. .
The California Council. of Education
met to-day and will continue Its meet-
Ing to-morrow. .The' County Board ; of
Education Organization,. Elementary
School Association, the .Manual Train
ing and Drawing Teachers' Associa
tion, the Music 'Section -aiid ; the Pa
cific Coast Association • of ' Chemistry
and Physics | Teachers will meet to
morrow. Wednesday the meetings of
the California Teachers' . Association
commence. ' ' '. .■';., • *-\. . .; : -\r- "■'£■-■
The Council of /Education -met. this
morning. President^ E. C. / Moore of
the University: of California , presided.
The members of. th£ council 'are J. W.
McClymonds of Oakland, - secretary;
J. W. LtnscbtV Santa 1 Cruz; E. P.
Cubberly, Stanford .' University; John
Swett, Martinez; ; H: M. Bland, San
Jose; . C C. Van Liew, Chlco; James
A. Barr, Stockton; Frederfc "Burk; San
Francisco; ". Cii '■ E. \ Keyes, ;^Oakland;
James' Ai Foshay, Los Angeles; O. P.
Jenkins/Stanford; A: "E.<; Shumate,
San Jose; O.,W.'Erlewlne,•Sacramen
to; R." D. Faulkner, Sari r Francisco;
Elmer E. Brown, sUnivel-sity • of Cali
fornia"; - Robert* Furlong,' San. Rafael;
Charles L. ' Bledfcbach, v Berkeley; '? S.
T. Black, San Diego; '.w;;H. Langdon,
San " Frandsco; r 'S. -D. •• Waterman,
Berkeley; . P.;M.V"Flsher,«"Oakland; E.
Continued < on • Tage~5, Column ■' 3.
SAN FRANCISCO; - : TUESDAY, DECEMBER 27, 1904.
MARKHAM'S
SUCCESSOR
IS CALVIN
"Silent Man" Comes
to the Southern
Pacific,
Special Dispatch to The Call,
. OMAHA, Dec. ; 26.— While no official
announce.ment . has ' yet " been made, it
was stated positively at" Union Pacific
headquarters. to^day^ that. E. E. Calvin,
the "silent ;nian,"» as. he.v Is known
throughout - the. . •'> Harriman system,
would bet : . Charles H.v' Markham's suc
cessor ."a*»7 general ( manager '_"•;' "of the
Southern: Pacific. __
The resignation of H. W- Henderson,
superintendent of the San . Pedro-Salt
Lake Railroad, is of-, especial signifi
cance in this connectio'ri." When Calvin
was general superintendent of the Ore
gon Short Line. Henderson was his as
sistant. ',. There was a warm friendship
between the two men and it was ex
pected that Henderson would follow
Calvin! as. he moved upward. His ap
pointirient with the San Pedro separat
ed them for. a time, but it is now well
understood by those on the inside that
he has resigned to go with Calvin to
the Southern Pacific.
A Union. Pacific official said to-day
that when W. H. Bancroft went to San
Francisco to relieve Uarkham he was
given authority to name Markham's
successor,' and he at once offered the
position to Calvin, who had been his
right-hand man for years. Calvin is
said to have accepted the position some
time ago.
■ Henderson, will sever his conection
with San Pedro' on' December 31, and
will be succeeded by H. E. Van Hous
en, an old-time Union Pacific man, who
has been superintendent of the Cotton
Belt. .
TURKISH PERSECUTION
AROUSES BULGARIANS
Sofia Government Notifies Powers
f '■ That the Excesses Cannot Be
Tolerated.
.. SOFIA/ .Dec. '26.— Reports from
Adrlanople indicate a recrudescence of
persecution, excesses by the Turks
against'the- Bulgarians. The Bulgarian
Government has notified ; the foreign
representatives of the excesses and re
quests •• that._ they.,^/ cornmunicate with
their ; respective governments, calling
attention , to 'the > possible : consequences
and notifying them that . Bulgaria de
clines' to accept the responsibility. 7
MURDERED
WOMAN IS
IDENTIFIED
Mystery pi Colorado
Assassination
ICleaM.
Victim a -Sister of Mrs.
Charles Nelson of San- .
ta Barbara. 1
Syracuse Memb?rs of ths Family
£u>p2cUa Certain Man of the
> Crime.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., Dec.
26. ; — It is now considered certain that
the woman who ; was /-murdered on
Mount Cutler, near, this city, and whose
body was found on" December 17, was
Mrs. Bessie Bouton, daughter of, Mr.
and. Mrs. Charles R. Kempter of Syra
cuse, N. Y., and sister of Mrs. Charles
R. Nelson of Santa Barabara, Cal.,
whom she visited in August* Every
bit of description of Mrs. Bouton's ap
pearance received thus far corresponds
with, that of the dead woman. The
dental work was described by Mr. and
Mrs. Kempter as nearly as lay minds
could describe it. Mrs. Nelson is com
ing to Colorado Springs" and if she
identifies the teeth'' and the dental
work, all doubt wilf" have been re
moved. -•'-
Mrs. Bouton traveled for Dr. J. Park
er Pray, 12 East Twenty-third street.
New York. He is" a manufacturing
chemist, v making toilet and. manicure
articles. the; dead woman
showed 'cirefui/fmanicurJng^ fingers
and toes.'-.;' Mrs." rBoutpri kept her : hands
( apd^.feet^_ln '.of
ner fiusiriess.^Xfrs." BoutonJ'ls Fejneirn,-"
bered. by Mrs." H." ; R. ' Crook'sj/a* ■lialr
dresser, •y.ho dressed her^hair ;~ by Mies
Beryl Chalmers, • who manicured '■' her
hands/and'by-.S.L. Leaseer, a driver,
who took her through the Cheyenne
canyons. She gave him her name.
ACCOMPANIED BY A MAN. .-.'
Charles Zobrlst, a druggist, to whom
she tried to sell a bill of goods, re
members her, also that a stockily built
man was with her when she called
upon him on one occasion.
Mrs. Bouton wrote -to her parents
from this city and said she would be
at' home on Christmas. . She has not
been heard of since that time. • It is
claimed she had made arrangements to
sue her husband for a divorce," her mar
ried life having been unhappy, and that
she had engaged a Denver attorney.
Her parents. do not implicate Bouton in
her death, but suspect a man named
Gambler, salesman for a barb wire
firm. He is more than six feet tall,
while the man described by Zobrist was
short. However, the latter recalls im
pressions only and his description is not
exact. •
Thus far a motive sufficient to ex
plain the crime is lacking. Mrs. Bou
ton wore jewels valued at more than
$1000, and carried several hundred dol
lars in cash, yet the officers do not be
lieve that a robber would have tried
to cremate the body, or have carried all
her clothing away. The crime suggests
degeneracy and flendishness.
SANTA BARBARA,, Dec. 26.—
When Mrs. Charles R. Nelson of. this
city read the description of the dental
work in the teeth of the Mount Cutler
victim, the nature of the gold fillings
and the bridging being quite out of the
ordinary, she. concluded at once that
the dead .woman was her sister, Mrs.
Bessie Bouton. Other circumstances
supported V this conclusion, she said,
Mrs. Bouton having left Santa Barbara
last August ; for Los . Angeles, going
thence to Denver. It is said she trav
eled in company -with a traveling sales
man, who is - said \ to . have given her
several thousand dollars' worth of dia
monds. Mrs. Bouton wore the. jewels
; conspicuously. while. in Santa Barbara,
and her sister believes the murder was
committed to get possession of .the
jewels. Mrs. Nelson declares she knows
nothing of . the whereabouts of Mrs.
Bouton's husband. . . ,
! BEREAVED SISTER TALKS.
"I believe, my sister is the murdered
woman," said Mrs. • Nelson to-night.
"She answers every, description in de
tail. Milton Franklin has been keeping
company with Bessie for , a long time
and a few. months ago brought her to
this city, where they rernained a month.
He ;was lavish ln ; his. generosity to her.
"The last letter I received from Bes
| sie: was from'; Colorado Springs about
| six;or seven weeks ago, in which she
i wrote that she was about to make a
'trip east. 'In- this letter she told of
j trouble she had : had with Franklin.
They were ' to * haye been married soon,
and this trouble; probably broke the en
gagement. - The jewels - which Mrs.
Bouton had - were i given r to . her by
Franklin. ; A v watch alone was : valued
at more ; than $500. The nature of the
trouble she. did- not state, but it Is evi
dent - that : ' It ended- all " relations be
tween them. -.;.";
"Shortly."' after the • - disagreement.
Franklin said \ that t he would leave % Im
mediately for England and would -not
return.": ' ;. . - :■ '• r - •.'■; ' "' : ' " :
SYRACUSE, ;;N.'Y., Dec. 26.— Mrs.
Charles R. Kempter of this city believes
that : the ; girl * found murdered 'on Cut-
UNFROCKED
RECTOR HAS
NEW HOPES
Dr. Irvine. Talks of
His Strife With
Bishop.
Explains Why He Was Dis
ciplined and Dropped
From Ministry.
Claims He Was Made a Scapegoat to
Appease a Divorced Couple's
Wrath.
Special Dispatch to Ths Call
PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 28.— Rev. Dr.
Ingraham N. W. Irvine, whose friends
have lodged a new presentment against
Episcopal Bishop Talbot of the Central
Pennsylvania Diocese, who unfrocked
the former rector, consented to-day to
tell of his old disappointments and new
hopes.
"I am only willing to speak in a gen
eral way of the features of the case,"
said Dr. Irvine, "as the new present
ment is entirely in charg j of my friends
and I will not interfere with their plan?
by talking about it. There are some
points at issue, however, upon which I
feel free to speak.
"In the first place I wish it could be
made plain that this presentment is
not an attack by me upon Bishop Tal
bot, but that it is a prosecution brought
by the church to inquire into actions
which bring'the church into discredit.
If I should- die to-night the present
ment would go on Just as well'with'riie
dead V as ''alive.' Bishop Talbot /and I
wereaJways good friends' until' trouble
arose -ElliStt ■.;■ w.hllei I-Ve-as
-rectot.;jat;-Huntlngton." . •-: .-<
J'Did Bishop Tal'bbt visit Mrs.' Elliott
frequently?!' Dr. Irvine -was' asked.,- j
"He did, and they appeared to be
close friends," was the reply- "Why,
you know- purple is a' Bishop's color
and Mrs. Elliott used to wear purple
when the Bishop came to town."
HIS VIEW OF MRS. ELLIOTT.
"Is she a handsome woman?"
"No, not in my eyes. Beauty, how
ever, is a matter which apparently each
man sees with his own eyes and I sup
pose men will never ci*ase wondering
what some other man sees to admire in
some woman who may have been a
mutual friend."
"Is Mrs. Elliott a social leader of
Huntington?"
"No, I don't think she would' be called
that. She has many influential friends,
however, and has plenty of money, but
there are several women I should say
are more, widely known and popular
throughout the town.
"It is reported that the presentment
is based largely upon a. letter written
to Rev. Mr. Upjc-hn and that no word
of the latter has yet been made public.
"I believe that is correct. Several
bishops were referred to in that letter,
most of whom have repudiated the use
of their names as references against
me. ' - .'...-.
STUOXG LETTER TO BISHOP.
"When the wc/rding of that letter be
comes public the church will be sur
prised.' In it : I am: charged, with all
sorts of things and some of the refer
ences will .cause a sensation. Things
have s6 far been smothered. Bishop
Talbcit.at one time himself asked for
an; inquiry after the first committee, by
a close vote, had failed to present him,
but he afterward withdrew his request.
1'About^a year after I Had been de
posed. I -wrote to Bishop Talbot, ask
ing for reinstatement. Part of the let
ter read: 'You must certainly; remem
ber that I did my duty in reporting the
Elliott divorce matter to you. •> You cer
tainly excommunicated her, as the re
ceipts show. You- wanted me to com
promise the case with her afterward. I
could not do so. There was nothing for
me 'to do but stand my ground, under
fire -from her: Both Mrs. Elliott and
her husband had been divorced. Mr.
Elliott's 'crime was a very grievous
one. Alas, .how could either you or I
have compromised? Don't you remem
ber our signatures were given to a me
morial to the general- convention
against marrying divorced persons un
der- any . circumstances? Then ij why
should I have been made a scapegoat to
appease an enraged divorced couple's
wrath?"* v t>:>-:
Checks Anti-Jewish Agitation.
KISHENEV, Dec. 26.— Acting Gov
ernor Block's proclamation seems to
have effectually 1 stopped the agitation
started by the Bessarabists against
the Jews. He threatened 'the severest
penalties for any attempts to Inflame
the • minds of the ' people or ; to disturb
the peace.
ler Mountain near Colorado. Springs is
her, daughter, Mrs. Bessie Bouton. -She
last i heard of her ■ daughter yini Octo
ber, * when, she was Informed that she
would leave Colorado Springs and go
to * Wllkesbarre, J Pa., and ..reach Syra
cuse . on Christmas. The\description ,of
the murdered woman fits Mrs. Bouton,
the dentistry being exact. Members of
the family declare ' that if* the dead
womanlproves to be Mrs.' Bouton, they
know- ; the' man Involved ;■--"*'". - . . .
THE THEATERS.
i r:\ -.;:r> . "
AIXTAZAR— "Old Hrtdelber«."
CALIFORNIA— "Shore Acres."
COLUMBIA— "The Sultan of Sulu.".
CENTRAL— 'The Heart of Chicago."
CHUTES— \*aad«vUle.
FISCHER'S— Vaudeville.
GRAND— "The Darling of the Gods."
MAJE§TIC— "A Contented Woman."
ORPHEu'm— Vaudeville.
TIVOLI— "King Dodo." . ■
RUSSIAN CZAR SAD
TO BE INSANE.
BLOW ON HEAD WEAKENS RULER'S MIND
DAVID STARR JORDAN GIVES
OUT INFORMATION:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND, Or., Dec. 26.—David Starr Jordan, presi
dent of Stanford .University, who is in this city, says he has re
cently received reliable information from Russian sources to the
effect that Czar Nicholas is now thoroughly insane at times and
that permanent insanity is creeping upon him relentlessly. This
is the result of the blow upon the head received by the Emperor
Hvhile'in Japan on his tour of the world several years ago. The
blow came from a Japanese crank and was not considered serious
at the time. The people of the village where the assault was
committed have become so ashamed of the incident that they
have petitioned to have the town's name changed.
"I have learned from an authentic Russian source," said
Jordan, "that the Czar is yet suffering from the effects of the
blow he received years ago. No, I cannot tell you my inform
ant's name, for obvious reasons, but it is said to be well known
in St. Petersburg court circles that the Emperor is at times en
tirely bereft of his senses.
"Russia cannot be rated as a world power," continued
President Jordan. "It is in the hands of an hereditary associa
tion of -grand ducal grafters. It probably can never be success
fully invaded, but it is too disorganized to be powerful.
"Japan is making herself a world power, however. The
effect of this war upon the Japanese is hardly understood anyr
where. They are fighting in a manner that is full of medieval
patriotism. They forget the individual and look only toward the
; final result."
AIRSHIP AT MERCY
OF A STIFF GALE
JBald wi n's^^AeronauLt-Loses Con 7
trol df-tne "Arrow."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 26.— After hav
ing made a successful flight yesterday
in , Baldwin's California "Arrow," the
airship which - was so successful at
St. Louis, A. R. Knabenshue made an
ascent to-day which almost cost him
his life and which for a time threatened
the loss of his airship. His life was
saved by a number -ol ranchers on
"Lucky" Baldwin's ranch, twenty miles
east of the city, just before the ship
was dashed violently against the moun
tains of the San Gabriel range.
A stiff gale of wind was blowing this
afternoon when Knabenshue started
his flight atthe Chutes. Soon after he
had reached an elevation of about 500
feet his motor went wrong and he jvaa
at the mercy of the gale. The wind
carried him northeast to the foothills
beyond the city and there he made a
landing. Fixing his motor he started
back, traveling at good speed in the
very teeth of the gale. His approach
was seen by hundreds of persons and
for a time it looked as if he would land
safely, i
While hovering over the starting
point preparing to descend, his motor
again failed and he was driven before
the wind and lost from view. For hours
WOMAN FREEZES
TO DEATH IN A
NEWYORK PARK
NEW YORK. "Dec. 26.— In the heart I
of a district. noted for its many beau
tiful residences, with hundreds of
houses within easy reach where she
might have gained shelter from the
storm, a young woman was . found
freezing this morning, 'while the snow
almost covered her. She died In a hos
pital ambulance.
Ludwig Hoffman, a park employe,
passing along Riverside drive at One
Hundred and Twelfth street, saw the
young woman sitting in the snow, her
back propped against a park bench
and her head thrown forward on her
breast. The lower part of 1 her body
was entirely hidden In the snow. He
lifted her to the bench and seeing that
she Was still alive hastened to find as
sistance. He met Policeman John
Casey, who called an ambulance, while
Huffman chafed- the woman's wrists
She replied to. questions In Incoherent
phrases. Dr. Severance, the ambulance
surgeon, administered restoratives, but
before he had taken . her five blocks
she was dead.
All efforts of the ; police to learn her
Identity failed. From her clothing they
concluded - that she was a maid in one
of the houses in the vicinity. They
canvassed the neighborhood, but found
none to identify her- .
The woman was about 25 years old,
with dark eyes and black hair.
Costly Blare in Lincoln.
AUBURN, : Dec. 26. — The Burdge
Hotel at Lincoln, with a barber shop
and saloon adjoining, were . destroyed
by fire this morning.* The cause of the
fire ■ is : unknown.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
it was not known what had become of
him. He was driven rapidly toward
the mountains. In the Monrovia dis
trict he opened his safety valve letting
gas out of the big cigar-shaped bag
until his machine was less than one
hundred feet above the earth. Some
thing then went wrong with a valve
and he was being carried rapidly
toward the mountains.
He had no anchor, so he let down all
the ropes he had. "While passing over
Baldwin's ranch he attracted the at
tention of several ranchers and called
to them to grab the ropes. George
Cautz seized one of the ropes and held
on. He was dragged over several
barbed wire fences and his clothing
was torn from his body. Several of the
ranches seized other ropes and two of
them finally succeeded In taking a
hitch around a small tree. The rope
held and the airship was brought up
with such a jerk that it started the ma
chinery. \ The fan began revolving and
this, relieving the strain upon the ropes
made it possible for Knabenshue to
gradually lower the machine to ths
ground. He was uninjured.
An examination of his machine
showed that a wire leading to the spark
plug of his motor had been discon
nected, rs >
THREE MASONIC
DEGREES IN DAY
FOR FAIRBANKS
V Bseeial Dispatch to Tb« Call.
INDIANAPOLIS. Dec. 26.— Senator
Fairbanks will establish a local record
for Free Masonry in this city to-mor
row, whefi he will take the apprentice
(or first) degree in the morning; th«
second (or fellowcraft) degree In the
afternoon and at S o'clock In the even
ing the Master Mason (or third) de
gree and become a full-fledged mem
ber of a blue lodsre.
Between the first and second and
the second and third degrees the Sea*
ator will be coached by some brother
Mason and will stand the usual ex
amination before he can pass to ths
next degree.
i The making: of a master In one day
Is so unusual that many prominent
men In the order will be present to
■witness the ceremonies.
WINTER STORM PREVAILS
IX STATE OF KANSAS
Blizzard Sweeps Over Indian Terri
tory, but Cattle Will Be Little
Damaged.
• TOPEKA, Kans., Dec 26. — A se
vere winter storm prevails throughout
Kansas to-night. Much sleVt » and
snow have fallen," with a rapid decline
in temperature. There will be little
suffering among stock, the farmers
being generally well prepared for
winter.
A blizaard is sweeping over Indian
Territory. There has been a drop of
35 degrees in the temperature. Stock
men assert that the cold wave will not
affect cattle, as they are in excellent
condition*2
"DARLING OF GODS"
FULL OF SPLENDOR
'■SULTAN OP SULU" WITTY
OLD HEIDELBERG" 15 FINELY ACTED
Lik> a bit of jeweled Satsuma, with
its flash of new tint, new astonishment
of lovely Jin* as loot of each glance,
arc ih* pictures of "Tho Darling of the
GodF." The play came to the Grand
Opera-housf last night, and there was
« grand opera audience to meet it.
'Blanche Bates came with it. and most
*-f up would have b*>en there to meet
lier oven though thp other Californian,
Uavid Belasco, had not been in evi
tiebce.
.\n«l Mr. Belasco is very much in evi
d"iifr in "The Darling of the Gods."
More >=o than Miss Bates. From the
Mai<l lirhness of the black and gold
« urtaiti that cloaks the pictures, to the
incense that subtly adds to their iliu
ck.1i, the Belasco spell is strong upon
th*» play. How much' John Luther
lx>ng has had to do with its writing one
does not luiow — the play is "by" Be'.as
<o and Long. But of the picture-mak
ing there is no doubt. It is the work of
th* same sumptuously generous, lov
ing, splendid hand that made "Du Bar
ry' the record production of its kind.
There i* a new record with "The
Darling of the Gods." The Oriental
getting has afforded opportunity for a
fpes'of unsurpassably beautiful stage
pictures. These Mr. Belasco has given
us in lavishly generous fashion and in
tKese.what is novel in the play chiefly
liefC These Mr. Belasco has given us
v.ith the artistry of an Occidental
I-iokusai, the imagination of a Uta-
Diarp, and simply to see the "Feast of
a .Thousand Lanterns." the sword room
«V, the War Minister, with its pallid,
rnjiny-handed god. Yo San's shogi. with
t!U* delicate figure silhouetted in th.
lit ten doorway, is a feast in itself.
. Th<^. drama is something of another
tiejy. Had there been no "I^ Tbsca.7
n't •"Madame Butterfly." there would
A FEW MORE
FOB LATE-COIRS
Several Choice Xew Pianos
and a Number of Used Ones
at Your Own Figures.
Thi? building we nrf occupying lias
ueeu Rolri and the vvro< king crews will
fommfni'f work in a very fow days.
! MetnwhUe the oIihuco of a lifetime
Mill rxitts at thfa gnat Removal Sal*» to
t.ooure a fine piano at an enormous sav-
ins.
■limit fail to »ee Uip remaining nne
new pianos, among thom some of the
v»r.y fholcost and latest of hiRh-srade
irn5*Tiimcnts that were on the way when
the sale first started. There are a
Jialf-oozen fine new Deokcrs. eight choice
r^w Kimballs. a number of elegant Ha-
•zcltons ami a couple of Listers loft to
* hoose from, besides a large numlxr of
c-xeelK-nt medium-grade and cheaper
brands.
Everything must be closed out. and
will be m the prices we are now offering
Make terms to suit yourself now.
These are the prices:
Square pianos, one at $18. a pood one
for $3S. another J51' and up to $70.
Used uprights — Deckers. Knabes.
Kteinways. Fischers, I>oll. etc., eta. J64.
SSB. $»€ rail in good order), and up to
$365 for the choicest of Decker upright
pianos ever s^en here.
New pianos —
Only two of the regular $'250 styles re-
main, price $118.
One of Bell & Co. uprights. $96.
Eight of th«» most beautiful, largest
fcize regular $350 styles, now $218. and
h dozen others, ranging in price
from $136 up to nearly $400 for the
choicest regular $676 fancy hand-carved
Cabinet Grand upright piano ln this sale.
WHO'LL TAKE THE BABY?
On<» beautiful used baby grand, $465.
° A Pompadour grand, the biggest toned
jiinno in San Francisco, surelv worth
$«;.*»& — of any musician's money— make us
an offer.
Remember, we are willing to accept a
very small payment down and balance of
price may be paJd In monthly install- ;
ments of from $4 and $a up to $S and
$10 or $12 a month, as best suits your
convenience.
Every instrument sold by Pommer- ;
Kiler* is guaranteed.
Instruments shipped anywhere subject
to inspection and trial.
The few remaining piano players,
pianolas. Angelup, Chase & Baker. Re-
cmls. etc.. at less than half what Is asked
for them elsewhere, and $30 worth of
music free with each.
Several used and new parlor and '
chapel organs at corresponding reduc-
tions. Send order for one to-day, to be
went subject tor examination.- $46 buys a
fine regular $75 parlor organ now. Pay
$3 month if you like.
Remember the place,
POMMER-E1LERS.
"Biggest. Busiest and Best."
€53 Market street.
Between Palace Hotel and Examiner
buildinjf.
SCENE FKOM "THE DARLING OF
THE CODS' AT THE GRAND
OPKRA-HOVSE.
hove been no "Darling of the Gods,"
that if as to its chief scene. There is
a minister of war who is a Scarpia.
There i5 a hero, a rebel against the
government, who is betrayed into his
hands. There is a heroine from whom
the Japanese Pcarpla demands honor
as the price of the hero's freedom.
And to force Yo San to comply the
minister has the hero tortured in an
adjoining chamber— or rather cellar.
Had this ail come before "La Tosca" —
yes. But the situation becomes obvious
and unconvincing even in 'its most be
coming Japanese garb.
One wonders many other things, too.
The play is timed s«.-me fifty or one
hundred years ago in "Old Japan." Yo
San, the heroine, the "darling of the
gods." ■.vhose desire it is to marry for
love, is wl^ully charming, but not al
yays in accord with one's familiar
knowledge vt the Japanese eternal fem
inine. It is not in the Japan of Laf
cadio Hearn. for example — and he
knew his .oppon as well as most — that
the Japanese princess refuses in full
court the hand of a suitor proposed to
her by her father; that she owns her
love for a stranger; that she meets the
geisha on familiar terms. Much to a
spoiled .-hild, the "darling of the gods,"
may be allowed, but it do?s not strike
one that the privileges extended here
are in accord with Japanese character.
And here . comos In Miss Bates, the
Yo San. Perhaps the first thing that
ftriketf ore for whom Miss Bates' bril
liant Cigarette I* the latest impression
of the actress is her extraordinary
versatility. It is farthest of cries
from the vivid little vivandiere to the
Japanese prim ess, yet Miss Bates is
as finely convincing in one part as the
other— thi?. too, in face of the in
herent implaueibility of the Japanese
role. She gets deliriously the butterfly
spirit of the thing, the half-child, half
woman, that the playwright has
painted.
The performance is full of exquisite
humor, charming in its pathos, deli
cately reserved in its emotional phases
and most admirably Japanese on the
picturesque side. Every movement is
Japanese, every gesture. ' The 'facial
expression is a little marvel in itself,
and oven the delivery is most subtly
s'JKSestive of the Japanese feminine.
II is a delightful performance all
through and can only add to MiBs
BtUes' enviable reputation. -She was
called out after the second act,
cheered to the echo, patriotically be
flowercd, but succeeded only in saying
that she "wished Mr. Belasco were
here to thank you all — and there's
more to come!"
The support is good, even to the
last gorgeously gowned geisha. Albert
Bruning is the minister of war,
Zakkuri. and is good, if not at all
gi'eat. Eugene Ormonde is the rebel
hero. Prince Kara, and does more for
the part than it does for him. George
Wessells is a satisfying Prince of
.Tosan. and there are geishas, bowing
courtiers, acrobats and servants that
fill In the cast in excellent fashion.
The costuming throughout is magnifi
cent and the lighting worthy of Wiz
ard Belasco, and "The Darling of the
Gods." if neither wholly new nor
wholly Japanese, is something that
will delight everybody In some of its
phases?..
BLANCHE PARTIXGTON.
Columbia.
Musical comedy is less of an innova
tion than it was when "The Sultan of
Sulu," designed and built by George
Ade and launched under the house flag
of Henry W. Savage, augmented the
rapidly-growing fleet, and the tardiness
displayed by the navigators of. the
much-mopted craft in getting it over
the Rockies is regrettable on their ac
count, as well as that of the far West
ern public For its arrival has been
preceded by many inferior productions
of the same class and subsequent birth,
some of which have presented its most
striking features, either unchanged or
in garbled form, and folk who are not
aware that its creators are victims of
unscrupulous plagiarism may accuse
them of pilfering.
All of : which tends to lend virtue to
the proverb anent the foolishness of
putting off till to-morrow what can be
accomplished to-day. Skipper Savage
may— probably - does— allege that ; the
enduring popularity of "The Sultan" on
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY, DECEMBER 27, 1904
WINS BET
AND DIES AT
SAME TIME
Srecia.1 Dispatch to The Call
CHICAGO, Dec. 26. — While Elmer
Hunt, 19 years old, balanced a bottle on
his head this morning, Willarn Dough
erty, who had been boasting of his
prowess as a marksman, attempted to
emulate William Tell by shooting the
bottle. At the second shot, Hunt fell
to the floor dead, with a bullet between
his eyes. ' : V- ■ 5
Hunt's death was the outcome of a
discussion which arose in a saloon at
Thirty-fifth street and Archer avenue
between Dougherty and several other'
men, as to which was the best marks
man. Dougherty oflered to wager that
he could shoot a bottle off the head of
any of the men. present without in
jury to the man.
Xone of them were .villing to assist
in a test of Dougherty's skill, until
Hunt, who is employed as a porter in
the saloon, finally accepted the wager,
and consented to hold the bottle on his
head.
the Eastern circuits would have made
its removal therefrom until this time
reflective of pecuniary insanity on his
part, and the plea might hold good if
there were no such things as Xo. 2
companies. San Francisco has had a
few of them this season, and apparent
ly was as well content to remunerate
their projectors as if it was paying fur
the original thing. Mr. Savage would
not relish being accused of financial
shortsightedness, so it is more chari
table to condole him with regrets than
to accuse him of anything.
But some of "The Sultan's" gems
have escaped piracy — enough of them
to make as much unfamiliar stuff as
can reasonably be looked for nowadays
in musical comedy. The music and the
situations suffered most from the buc
caneering, Mr. Ade's lines apparently
being considered unsafe to poach. They
were the first dramatic lines of the
quaint humorist, and they are more
truly characteristic of his literary
style than anything later written by
him for the stage. There is a ring of
his "Fables in Slang" in •'some of the
speeches— as for instance the assertion
that "in the United States ladies smoke,
but women don't"; the allusion to the
Sultan's first wife as "the charter mem
ber of the harem." and the reminder
that while hugging in the waltz is
proper, as a stationary amusement it is
not just the thing. There are scores of
such sayings as those that could not
be stolen without certainty of detection
wherever their author's newspaper
work has been read.
Of the music, it is needful only tv
say that it is hardly distinguishable
from the music of a dozen productions
that came and went before the same
rattlety-bang ensembles and the same
unmemorable solos and part songs,
with no striking variations. But the
scenic investiture is lavish. ; Artistic
blending of bright colors on canvas and
in ecstumery keeps the eye pleased
while the singing is in progress, the
jokes cracking and the dancers nim
bling. The "show girls" are statuesque
ly limber— if the paradox is permissible
—the "broilers" chic and agile and the
masculine choristers well drilled, both
vocally and in calisthenics.
To say that the principals are well
balanced on a plane above the mediocre
and below the excellent Is about as
much as can honestly be said Mr.
Whir/en, in the titular role, is funny
because the author has allotted him
funny things to say and do. Mr. O'Don
nell feings basso quite acceptably, and
Mr. Lawrence has a tenor of good qual
ity which he uses with commendable
discretion. Miss Maudie Williams also
makes the most of her vocal equipment,
a soprano of limited compass, and Miss
Nellie Williams is physically and salta
torially the soubrette of convention
that no musical comedy could omit
without impairing its title.
It is a hard-working company, "and
there is not a dragging second in either
of the two acts. Recalls were numer
ous last night.
Alcazar.
j It was a happy inspiration of ' tht
j management of the Alcazar Theater to
: present for this holiday week the play
j "Old Heidelberg." which made such a
favorable impression here When pro
duced by Richard Mansfield and his
j company. There is somethingvin the
j play that appeal? to every gnan and
! woman, young or old. The young
prince, having been confined in a cas
tle till he is twenty years of age with
only a tutor to confide in. is sent to the
University of Heidelberg. He is to
j tally unversed in the ways of the
! world and when he sees Kathie, the
innkeeper's pretty niece, he falls in love
with her and his love is reciprocated.
j There is a rude awakening when he is
peremptorily recalled to Karlsburg to
assume the regency, owing to the se
rious illness of his uncle. A marriage
of convenience is arranged and love's
young dream becomes a memory.
There is life in the piece throughout
and the songs and choruses of the stu-
I dents with the glimpse of their rollick
| ing ways help materially in making it
j attractive. It is excellently staged and
I should have a successful run. John
I Craig as Karl Helnrich. the hereditary
prince, gave a finished interpretation of
the part. His scenes with Kathie,
which part was admirably portrayed
by Miss Lillian Lawrence, were pic
tured with faithfulness and realism.
Nothing could have excelled the expres
! pion of the shy, unsophisticated youth
j when he and Kathie have .their -.first
tete-a-tete in the garden of the inn
while the old tutor snores at an ad
joining table blissfully ignorant of his
pupil's rapid progress in lovemaking.
j Doctor Juttner, the old tutor, was
played by John B. Maher with charac
teristic sincerity and ability. Another
I bit of character work ably done was the
role of Kellerman, the old steward of
the students' corps, which was in the
capable hands' of Fred J, Butler. Luke
Conness was effective' as: Lutz r uhe
dignified valet, and Harry. Hilliard had
a congenial role as Graf von Asterberg.
Harry von, Meter was good as a Staats
Minister von Haugk. The other parts
were well sustained.
3Iajc«tlc.
"A Contented Woman" and a con
tented ; audience were the cards at the
Majestic last night. Hoyt's charming
DUKE OP HAMILTON REGARDED
AS LUCKIEST BRITISH PEER
CHANGE BRINGS HIM TITLES
Weds in Accordance
With His Heart's
*-' IV. tCl Lv^C) •
LONDON', Dec. 26. — The Duke of
Hamilton, who recently obtained a
certificate exempting his little son and
heir from vaccination, is regarded as
the luckiest man in the British peer
age. At his birth it did not appear
that he stood the remotest chance of
succeeding to the most illustrious title
in Scotland. His father, grandfather
and. great-grandfather were all second
son; his great-great-grandfather, curi
ously named Anne, in. honor of his
godmother, Queen Anne, was a third
son, and his nearest ducal ancestor
was born as long ago as 1659, when
Cromwell was still alive.: "7:'"
In 1895, when only 33 years old, as
the- descendant of the fourth Duke, he
succeeded his exceedingly distant ■con
nection, the twelfth Duke, and there
by became 'the premier" peer of Scot
land and acquired more titles than any
other British nobleman, with the ex
ception of the Duke of Wellington.
Before that he had been known only,
and that not widely, as a lieutenant in
the navy. He gave promise of de
veloping into a good sailor, for with
no other prospects that he could count
on, apparently, save his profession, he
took to it keenly. An accident, which
rendered him permanently lame, com
pelled his retirement from the service
to what promised to be life-long ob
scurity, for Fate had as yet given no
hint of the rich prize she had in store
for him. vY s v5'~
FAMILY FAMED IX HISTOKY
It is as the representative of the
Douglas family, so gloriously famed
in Scotch history, that the ducal Ham
iltcns owe their pre-eminence among
the Scotch nobility. One ancestor, Sir
James Douglas, was a companion in
arn* of Robert Bruce; the first Earl
of Douglas was distinguished at Poic
tiers and other battles; the second de
feated Hotspur and fell at Otterburn
in 1338; trie fourth was severely
v.ounded and taken prisoner at Homil
don. but at Shrewsbury a year later
ho knocked down the King of Eng
land. The first two Dukes of Hamil
ton maintained the fighting reputation
of the family, the first being taiien
prisoner at the battle of Preston in
1048 and the second being slain at
Worcester three years later. The
fourth Duke became one of the most
distinguished statesmen of his time
and perished in a duel with Lord Mo
hur. In 1712, it was suspected through
the treachery of one of the latter's
seconds.
Some of the later heads of the house
added nothing to its luster. The
eleventh Duke was one of the most
intimate friends of Napoleon III, artJ
plunged into ' the wildest,- dissipation
which Paris could afford in the days. of
the second empire. He met his death
eventually by falling down the stairs
of a fashionable restaurant after a
dinner which had left him very un
steady on his legs. His extravagance
greatly impoverished the family ex
chequer. The last Duke did not relish
the idea of the property passing to a
distant kinsman, and by his will did
his best to tie it up, leaving as much
as he was free to dispose of to his
only child, Lady Mary Douglas-Hamil
ton, who celebrated her twentieth
birthday the otheT day.
WEDS MA.FOKS DAUGHTER;
Still the present Duke is very far
from being a pauper, and it is not be
cause he cannot afford the best cigars
burlesque on woman suffrage has sel
dom been put upon the stage in a style
so elaborate and with a company so
excellent. It was funny from beginning
to end and the laughter itt the audi
ence was a grateful Christmas box to
thfc players.
There are some new faces this week
behind the footlights, among them be
ing Mma Crolius Gleason, whose Aunt
Jim was the feminine hit of the even
ing. That old-time favorite. Oza Wal
diop, was greeted with a hearty wel
come, as she made her entry in a minor
part. The three practical politicians
in the hands of J. H. Gilmour, J. D.
O'Hara and Harry Mestuyer furnished
no end of amusement with their faith
ful personation of characters known so
well In every large city. George Wood
ward, as the husband of Aunt Jim.
entered faithfully into the spirit of the
role. Adele Block, the. rival candidate
for Mayor, Frank MacVicars, ever
clever, and Howard Gould filled the
leading roles acceptably. That ever
popular favorite, Elsie Esmond, cap
tured the house when she appeared as
the often divorced grass widow.
Central.
Realism reaches its highest develop
ment in "The Heart of Chicago," which
is on this week at the Central Theater.
There are two scenes in the play that
have never been surpassed, if, indeed,
they have been equaled, in the history
of the stage in this city. /
The play opens amid excitement.
Chicago is in flames. Great anxiety is"
depicted on every face and then comes
chaos as the people ' flee for safety.
Again the curtain lifts and the smold
ering ruins and tottering walls are
startlingly realistic. Lurid red, among
leaping flames, the mimic ruins of
granite structures tell the story of the
holocaust— the greatest .in history. It
is a triumph in stage-craft.
And more realistic still is the scene
in which the hero of the play, engineer
of the express,. la saved from death by
the heroine. The scene portrays a rail
road track- running back in the per
spective seemingly for miles. At the
footlights is a drawbridge. 'The bridge
tender is killed, by villains who throw
the bridge open and turning on the
Vrong signal lights make their escape,
expecting the on-coming train to be
hurled Into the : river. The heroine is
locked In the station house. .The head
light on thc^ engine is seen. in the far
distance. ' The long 1 ivhlstle . and the
clanging of bells is heard. .The heroine
tears open the door of the station just
in . time to throw , on the danger j signal
and . then '. exhausted '. by ;. the \ exertion
she falls across \the- track.',. The head-
ENGLISH PKKR. WHO SLCCEED
ED TO TITLES WHICH AT ONE
TIME SEEMED REMOTE.
that he prefers a pipe. His extraor
dinary luck has not spoiled him a bit.
Instead of seeking a grand alliance he
made a love match some three years
ago; but the living rooms of the house
daughter of Major Robert Poore. She
is an attractive woman, tall and fair,
with blue eyes and soft golden hair.
She is devoted to her husband, prefers
a country, life to the gayeties of the
town, and is rarely seen in smart so
ciety.
Hamilton Palace, the family seat in
Lanarkshire, is a magnificent building.
Its most striking features are the por
tico, with twelve pillars each composed
of a single block of marble; and the
black marble staircase, with its spa
cious steps and stately balustrade.
Like Stafford House it has a state en
trance which is never used except for
brides or royal guests. The state rooms
are somewhat bare as a result of th*
famous Hamilton sale of many years
ago; but the living rooms of the house
comprise some charming apartments.
Notable among them is a sitting room
that was used by Princess Mary of
Baden, wife of the eleventh Duke. It
contains, among other treasures, a
plain, small writing table with a silver
"N" on the top and a silver tablet with
an inscription stating that the table
formed part of Napoleon's furniture in
his bedroom at St. Helena.
light grows larger and larger, the tattoo
of wheels on rails is heard and in a
fetvs seconds a great locomotive dashes
down to the footlights and is brought
to a standstill, amid the hissing of
steam, the flying of sparks and the
hurrahs of the excited audience.
Herschel Mayall has a small part
but plays It with his usual dignity
and grace. Miss Clifton does her work
well and was frequently encored.
Henry Shumer and Ernest Howell as
the villains are the features of the per
formance in their line, while Jim Cor
rigan sustains the comedy role with
much success. Danny Halifax and
Myrtle Vane* with Miss Ellsmere, as
the daintv French maid, are all good.
The scenic effects throughout areVmost
picturesque.
The Chutes.
"Princess Fan Tan;"' th»» delightful
holiday musical extravaganza, packed
the big theater at the Chutes yester
day afternoon and evening. The piece
is produced by nearly 300 children
and is well worth seeing. In the af
ternoon every child in attendance was
presented with a Christmas remem
brance from a gayly decorated tree.
On Thursday evening the feature of
the anjateur performance will be a
relay race for fat women. The pris
matic electric fountain will also give
a brilliant display on the same night.
"XAX" PATTERSON SPENDS
GLOOMY DAY IN' PHISOX
| NEW YORK, Dec. 26. — "Nan" Pat
terson spent a gloomy holiday to-day,
although many sympathizers did their
best to cheer her. The early fore
noon mail brought to her sixty-one
letters, most of them messages of sym
pathy, some of them containing
money. One inclosed a $20-bill. She
spent the early part of the day open
ing and reading the letters, with the
help of Philip Waldhelmer, one 1 of her
counsel.
Daniel O'Reilly, one of Miss Patter
son's counsel, gave her a Christmas
present in the shar>e of an especially
prepared- dinned from an uptown res
taurant., ,
. Mr. Patterson, the girl's^ father, is
in Washington, but there was a, letter
from him early in. the day. : The only
callers were a man and a finely dressed
woman, who • said they were from
Washington, but refused to tell who
they "were.
To Cure a Cold In .One- Day
Take . Laxative Bromo ' Quinine Tablets. Alt
druggists refund the money If It falls to cure.
E.W.- Grove's signature is on each box. 23c. •
ADVERTISPI^TS.
Start the New
Year Right...
Have ci Home
- ' ':■.:.:• :'- .s : . '■■■■ .
SS5±52S?. I Welch Folding Bed, S22.50
. A Range that is absolutely w
A Flange that is guaranteed ■^Bffijjjtffcafc^
It has every modern appli- JbA^t^i
ance to centralize the h«-at tf^^r^^Kr
whore it is wanted with the K>M " N Yr> : 1 7 ft
lenst consumption of coal. v '\ \ : > - I J IX
No kI Uterine decorations on EiTrir^
the outside; it's plain, rich and i J^rTi j^t^ ■- -^ . * JP^fv !
handsome — a business stove. 4<cT?3'^SjgP8CrjP"paai— kbbi^ e '^^^^S
1 fill A WTjliE /TM imlm^ml "*^f*
VISIT THE MODEL 1 M^^^^tff^ % ."?-:- %^ j| Sjr |
Four rooms of furniture, 9150, T ., .. . .
and a year's time to pay It In A l • n the ehe *P« st be <l >n the store, by any
better and blERer $1.".O worth your means; It is th« handsomest and best Folding [
Imagination never pictured. I „£?, 2?. thl * 8t0r * or ln ■" California for f
I , First. It In a "Welch"— If anything break*
/>>. J l~ffi*l a. r»s ' s r °P lac?<1 *t our exreni>p. »\en it w« ha\«>
B^W» uMEXJlVJfta to »»nd you a new bed. \\> are not on
Jf^^^g'^^Wlfflt j to do much repairing. "Welch" beds rar-!y
f5j!' _■- J _ i V Tn'* on* •« <1«uhl<» sjzp. In «->M<»n oa'< fln'Kh
fiSt rflSspPW PBWfc^ rnl.v. The beveled Fren.n Hate mirror 1* 2*
fJH- HBSP^/.yj •t^-V'Sm ') ' lTtcne * acres*. Mattre*s l« perfpot for comfort
®] i|^B^t!?J5 v^*&B||r ures l6 inches f^l£r?\4
Wk\ ■£(' fyl t 'MT^ | No Mail or Telephone J \
■■^jPE^22sssH j The Renting Department
KITCHEN CABINET. &9.OO' I Contain* a memorandum of every 4«-
Not pine, as the price would R&iSFk&X."""" " "
lead you to believe, but solid gold- The combined list, rmm •*» I—**,
en ash. A great big one it is an «JScl« <^" n ?o«# on^ur^board^
even seven feet in height. 37 inches makes house-hunting easy »™»—
id -^ i C i llna cab i net *n the top; -n^ service la absolutely fre» an<J
divided drawers for cutlery. 'An you need cot fe«l that it places you
immense cupboard below. under any obligation whatever.
Australia'* Wheat Yield
ADELAIDE, South Australia. Dec.
26. — The estimated wheat yield in
South Australia this year is 14,575,000
bushels, an increase of 1,360.000 bush
els compared with last year.
A Guaranteed Cure for Piles.
luh.ng. tt:!ir.ii. Bleeding or Protrudlnc Plle».
Ycur druggist will refund money If FAZO OINT
MENT fails io cure ion in 6 to 14 days. 30c.*
English Scientist Passes Away.
LONDON, Dec. 26. — Rev. John
Mackenzie Bacon, lecturer, scientist
and aeronaut, is dead at Coldash,
Newbury, of pleurisy. He was 58 years
of age.
A D VERTISEM ENTS.
Heat your
office at>
once
This weather causes pneu-
monia, grippe, colds, etc. If
your stenographer, book-
keeper or clerk gets sick, lays
off for one day, it loses more
money for you than a dozen
heaters cost. Then, too, how
about yourself? Isn't your
own health of some value?
We can warm any office,
store or house . quickly
and economically with
GAS
Phone Exchange 8. for
our expert. Don't wait
to write. Quick action
our style.
THE fifl ft COMPANY
415 Post. St.
High \v
Grade \v\
A splendid" value. 'of -medium sizw.
well made' and with blades of razor
steel. My price ....... 8 1 .50
BATS YOU AN OLD BA2OR?
Bring It to me and I wilf?tnakr you a
liberal offer for it on. the price of. a
new 'one. I have good Razor* an low
a* ffl.OO
GXIAETTE SAFETY &AZO3~—
•Needs no honing or stroppina;. ' T*rlr*
• .:....., Ro.on
STAB SATETY ! SAZOB — Cut ln
price from 92 to ...-S1.25
Try Conklin's Self-Filling Pen. al-
ways ready. Prices 93.00 up.
Out-of-town orders promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS,
F. "W. PITTS. The Stationer.
1003 MARKET ST.. Opp. PIT til. 8. 7.
■■■■ || » ' '
Woman
pA\i§\&n8 MARVEL Whirling Spray
|W^&'\VSS\\1TI)#» new Vtflul *Trt»jo. /rr~.
V *SC*-*rL>C yi «Sw ttonaiti Xtc'inn. Ke*t-3af-
•f.* ' '."' " lll "l Convenient.
A«k j»«f 4ra«fu lb» It. jfltt -<"" -^ J » *** •
If he e»nnet«upply the V-. fpxCf •'.,'■.>'» ;:"jT
MA RVKI.. ae<^pt no
other, bat t*nd stamp tor Sto. A^/fcVY^
UlasUated book— «•»!««. It gives M ■■"■£-
(nil paiticalsr* sod directions In- A. •'■, / m
Tt-loAbl* to Isdtes. .nAR\KliCO.,Tj , a !
41 rnrU now, .lew \ srk.
152 New Montgomery. San Francisco. C«l. -V,
William Hatteroth (Ladies' Dept.). 224 Sutter.
Union Drug Co.. 40O Sutter and 1O> Stocktnft.-.
Osgood Brothers. 7th and Broadway. Oakland.
Baldwin Pharmacy ....119 E1U«
BAJA CALIFORNIA r
Damiana Bitters
| S A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
* tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tcnic for th« Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of tha
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merit*.
XABER. ALFS & RRUNE. Agents.
32M Market »t.. S. F.— (Send for Circular*.)
■ujflffTMiVji MENANDWQMEft.
«£giflpCl7BZ?*iE$I C««BI*Oforonn»tor»l
1 to • *»nJH dl«ch»nes,lnflwuin«tioB«.
BBSg ««niuM 1 Irritttioos or nlcerttiomt
nSJ **i * .tri«ar». "" of maeou* n>»mtjr»n««.
ir* 4 TrvnmH CtaUctm. P»in'.»i«. mi not Mtrm«
JTalTBEEtinCHEMlCAlCO. «tnt or poi^onoui.
fe&OLwmn.i.Hgn| ««i4fcyi>r«CTi»u,
«^BiJsW^^-*twSI bv msm**. »r»p»ld, fa*
* ClxoaU* I tat «• sstMffcBOARD OF SUPERVISORS T0 DISCUSS PROPOSED PUBLIC LIBRARY SITE TO-DAY
FIERCE BATTLE DAILY
BEFORE PORT ARTHUR
Russian Supply Bases Cut Off
From the Main Force.
LONDON. Dec 27. — The Dally
Mail's correspondent at Toklo cables
as follov.s:
"On December 19 the Japanese sig
naled the Russian hospital ships pro
tecting the destroyers in the roadstead
oi Port Arthur to change their po
sitions, and the Russians requested a
respite of six hours, which meant giv
ing the destroyers a benefit of dark
•ness. The eeauel is not known.
"It is reported that recently po
sitions have been captured behind
Liaoti which have cut off the Rus
sian supply bases from the main
force. ■: '*- .V-
"Foreign correspondents from Port
Arthur declare that the fortress is the
•strongest that was ever attacked and
<-ampare it to Sevastopol,- with hills
Virranged in mutually supporting
groups, connected by tramways and
telephones and backed bv walls mask
*iug the movement of the troops from
one to another. They assert that no
'other army in the world could have
done what the Japanese have accom
plished, but deprecate as oversan
yuine the idea of its Immediate cap
ture."
The Daily Telegraph's correspondent
a.t Chefu. in a dispatch dated Decem
ber 26, says:
"A messenger from Port Arthur de
scribes a Japanese attack on the even
ing of December 22 with a light
column of 5000 men and many ma
«:hine guns on the northern defenses.
They dashed along the railway, car
ried trench after trench and succeeded
in reaching the watercourse beneath
Psyuisean Mountain, when the Rus
sian artillery worked terrible execu
tion. A fierce bayonet fight occurred
fit midnight. A strong Russian force
ADVERTISE3IENTS.
I^P Cut the Can . i|
and compare the quality of mti
Brand §B
H Evaporated m
Wk 1^^ of lts imitations.
I M Nole the &tference. See how
I M smooth and appetizing our Efcj
i M product is, owing to its Ma
I ffl heavy consistence, which §g&
I ■ keeps the butler fat equally BEV
V$a distributed, in contrast with fif
WSa the cheap and thin imita- §§£$
JBM tions which allow the but- m[
/£$ a ter fat to rise and form ftfSgk
Dr. Lyon's
PERFECT
Tooth Powder
AN ELEGANT TOILET LUXURY
Used by people of refinement
fiw over a quarter of a century
PREPARED BY
advanced eastward of Payuisean
Mountain, threatening the retreat of
the Japanese, who, after a desperate
struggle, retired" to. the north, leaving
several, machine guns, 300 rifles and
eighty prisoners. It is estimated I that
they lost 600 killed. The Japanese
halted near the cemetery, and, finding
that both their flanks had carried all
the works forming the outlying range
of the main forts, they intrenched ow
a small hill near Etze Mountain, un
der a severe enfilading fire which
caused them . heavy losses."
RIOTERS IOLL A COLONEL.
AutJ-Conscrlptlon Disorders Occur in
Polish Cities. .,
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 26. —^hile
the new mobilization - Is . proceeding:
quietly in most places, disorders are
reported to have occurred in Poland.
The most serious disturbance was at
Razon yesterday, where one colonel
was killed and. a gendarme wounded.
There has also been much rioting at
Bakhout, where 6000 conscripts pil
laged a few houses and fruit stalls.
No one was killed. -IT/ •>*
Holland May Aid Russia.
LONDON, Dec. 27. — Japanese naval
indignation, according to/ a -Tokio dis
patch to the Times, is becoming
aroused by rilmors that' Holland is
about to place Sebangr, twenty miles
north of Malacca, at the disposal of
the Russian' Baltic squadron. ..
Japanese Force Surprised.
MUKDEN, Dec. .26. — Volunteers
who crossed the Shakhe River on Fri
day surprised a force of the enemy,
killing about 100 men and taking fif
teen prisoners. The Russian losses
■were trifling..
JAIL FOR THE DRUNKARDS
INSTEAD OF THE HOSPITAL
New Rule to Be Put Into Effect by
the Authorities in New
York.
NEW YORK, Dec. 26. — Arrest, in
stead of a comfortable cot, will be the
lot after January of "the several thou
sand habitual or - occasional drunk
ards who in the course of the year
seek Bellevue Hospital for treatment
and use. the. institution as a handy
place to sleep off their sprees.
Preliminary announcement of the
new scheme [of decreasing the list of
alcoholic patients carries with it a
statement that a detail of police will
bf. on duty day and night at the hos
pital. When a drunkard appears as
a .candidate for the alcoholic ,ward his
pedigree will be examined.. If found
to be an old customer he will be ar
rested and taken in charge by- the city
Police Department.
INVENTOR OF GOLD BRICK r
IS SUMMONED BY DEATH
Thomas O'Brien, Notorious Confidence
Operator, Dies at Penal Settle
ment at Cayenne.
NEW YORK, Dec. 26.— A report has
reached this city that Thomas O'Brien,
the notorious confidence man arid al
leged inventor of" the gold brick
swindle, ' is dead in the French penal
settlement at Cayenne, where he' had
been serving a life sentence ', tor the
murder of his partner, "Kid" Wad
dell, in Paris inT 1895. Several of
O'Brien's old . friends in this city [are
said _ to have . received^ the news direct
from Cayenne^ .
CLERK .IN BROOKLYN
DIES . FROM : NOSEBLEED
Doctors Unable to Stop the Flow
and ~ the Victim Soon
Succumbs.
NEW YORK, *., Dec. 2 6.— Nosebleed
has caused the death s of Edward : Mur
ray,' 17 . years^'bld,';*'a; clerk, living > in
Brooklyn. He returned. from work, on
Christmas eye in his usual health, , but
awoke : in the . morning , with 'fa. severe
headache. .A. tew hours 'later, blood
began running from; His "nose. Doctors
we & called, .but ., could not stop the
flow and ; Murray soon • died." ~ '/<J-.:' C
THE SAN FRANCISCO ; CALL; ; TUESDAY. DECEMBER 27, 1904;
PARTIAL
REFORMS
FAVORED
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 26.—Em
peror^Nicholas' long-expected reform
ukase was issued The docu
ment deals, under eight heads, with
practipally all the subjects brought to
the Emperor's attention by the memo
rial of the congress of Zemstvo presi
dents held here last month. While not
specifically pledging the Government to
carry out th^e various reforms in their
entirety, as demanded by the memorial,
the Czar promises that each shall be re
ferred to the Council of Ministers, with
orders to report promptly on the full
est measure of relief which can be ac
corded on the various subjects.
One question not touched by the
ukase is that of the constitutional as
sembly. Neither Is the Jewish religion
specifically mentioned, though freedom
for all creeds or sects, whether Chris
tian or otherwise, is among the sub
jects dealt with. .
The ukase promises an equal and full
enforcement of existing laws; assures
the Zemstvos of the N ruilest possible
measure of self-government and the en
forcement of the laws now existing in
their behalf; promulgates a scheme of
wcrkingmen's insurance; /extends the
liberty of the press and promises a full
legal trial for all persons accused.
The imperial decree.whlch is entitled
"a scheme for the improvement of the
administration of the state," is ad
dressed to the Senate: It first describes
the reforms already undertaken in be
half of the "peasants and continues:
CHANGES PROPOSED. '
Surveylnr the wide domain of the people's
uttermost needs, we regard as urgent in the
interest of the legal strengthening of civic and
public life:.
First— The adoption of effective measures
for safezuardin* the law In Its full force a*
the most Important pillar of the throne of the
autocratic empire. In order that its Inviolate
fulfillment for all alike shall be regarded as
the first duty by all the authorities and in all
Maces subject to us; that its non-fulfillment
shall Inevitably bring with . it legal responsi
bility for every, arbitrary act, and that per
sor.8 who have suffered wrong • by such ' acts
shall be enabled to secure legal redress.
Second — That local ; and . municipal institu
tions should be given as wide seope as possi
ble In the administration of various matters
Rffectlnr local welfare and that they should
have . conferred upon them the necessary in
dependence, within legal limitations, and that
representatives of all sections of the popula
tion interested In local matters should be
called upon in equitable conditions to take
part In those institutions with a view to the
completest satisfaction 'possible of their needs
Besides the Government's and Zemstvo dis
trict Institutions hitherto ■■ ■'• existing, . there
should be also . established In ; connection ' wittt.
them public institutions for the administra
tion of local affairs in localities of smaller
extent. ?<SOniBtmSj
• Third — That, in order to secure equality of
persons of all classes before the law. stepa
should be taken to bring .about the necessary
unification of Judicial procedure: throughout
the empire and to assure, independence of the
courts. , . ' - .
Fourth — That for the future development of
the measures Introduced by us for the protec
tion of workmen In factories, workshops and
commercial establishments, attention is to be
given to the j question of the introduction of
State insurance for workmen.
RELIGIOX AND THE PRESS.
— Fifth — That there should be a /revision of
the exceptional laws decreed at the time of an
unnaralleled outbreak of criminal activity i on
the ; Dart of > thrf" enemies of - public order and
the application of which. was attended with a
grave extension of . the discretionary power -of
the administrative authorities: and that at the
same time steps should be taken for-circum
scribing their aoDlieation ' within : the narrow
est-possible limits' and for assuring that lim
itation at the ; rights of ; private . persons in
volved in that apnlicat'on ; shall only , be per
mitted in cases. where the actual safety of the
state is threatened. , .-...-• '
' Sixth — That , in . confirmation '» of ' my unde
vlatlng heart's desire. ! as expressed in the im
perial manifesto of; March 8, 1003, 1 for, the pro-'
tectlon by the • fundamental \ laws - of the ' em
pire of tolerance '■ In ' matters of . faith, 'the laws
dealine with the rights ■ of \ communities and
persons, belonging to ■ heterodox and non-Clirls
tlan • confessions • should .be .' submitted * to •" re-'
vision,' and that,, independently, of. this,' meas
ures : should . be taken for; the ! removal of " all
limitations on : the I exercise ; of . their religions
not directly, mentioned. In .the; law. : *■•;.
■ Seventh — That ' there should . be such » re
vision of ■ existing .*. ordinances limiting the
rljrhts of foreigners, and measures in'; certain
localities -of ? the • empire : that in the future
there shall , remain ' only ■ such of ■ them as < are
required by the present Interests of the empire
and the : manifest t needs L of our; people - - •
: JSiEhth— That / all .>: unnecessary % restrictions
should be removed , from t, the i existing press
laws and . that printed : tpeeches ■',■:• sftould -?t be
placed . within ' clearly defined ""- legal :-.•* limits;
that ' the native ; press,'; In . accordance ■ with '. the
progress r of • education : and } the » independence
thereby - accruing ■: to : lt.^ should : be ? left * to , the
r>ossibillty/ of* worthily! fulfilling Its hitrhca.ll
las.'-i namely,"^: to be t the 3 true * Interpreter* - 1 of
reasonable strivings for Russia's ; advantage.' ■ :■
Champions of Rival
Plans Will Be
on Hand
The advocate p.f the ' two proposed
sites for the new public library build
ing will be on hand to-day when the
matter is again taken up by the Joint
utilities and 'finance committee of the
Supervisors. The above ,map, which
was brought to. the Call' office 'by B. J.
S.-Cahill, shows the location of block 67,
the original site proposed; also the lo
catlon'Nof block 73, which has many
champions, j The map is made from
plans in the office of D. H. Burnham,
the distinguished architect, who i has
been engaged to prepare a scheme for
the improvement and adornment of the
city. The ■ two proposed library, sites
together with two" suggested plans for
the extension of the park panhandle to
Van Ness avenue and their relation to
Mr. . Burnham'a "civic center"- are
shown thereon.
When you -have an aversion to food It
is an Indication that you should tak'e
Lash's . Kidney and Liver Bitters. " *
Despondent Man Takes His life.
Despondent because he could not
find employment, .Valentine Troche, a
native of .Porto -Rico, \ committed j sui
cide last night by . shooting ". himself.
Troche procured a revolver and went
to his room at 751 Vallejo street and
placed i it to his head and fired. Po
licemen . James Connolly . and, Bert
Wren hastily arrived on the scene, but
before ' the patrolmen could summon
medical aid Troche expired. He was
about 25 years old.
;- " ., ' ".'_,;__ ■■[■__ '_: : __ ';'■'; -.; ■ '' • ;. ; ' : '■■■,■....■.-.. ■?■••- 'advertisements. ' ■ - --; i \ ' , i
■BBBaBBBBBBflaBBBBaBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBflBBBBBBBBBBBBBBIBBBBBBBBaBBBBBaBBBBBBB
& ' ' ; _ " ■ " ' '^"' ;: ''^" ■'■'■- "- '•*■-■■ ." ■•■'."•' ; -■"■-'■'■■■■ w - ■ ..:' .^ s - . Q
[TREMENDOUS SLAUGHTER OF PR.KCES I
I .;..1N READY-MADE GARMENTS!
I $80,000 Stock of Tailor Suits, Jackets, Skirts, Waists, Furs I
5 f MUST BE SOLD, NO MATTER HOW GREAT THE LOSS - S
y -This is a chance of a lifetime. Garments can be purchased from us now at a fraction of former prices, D
B Do not miss this opportunity ; this is the greatest Cut in Prices that has ever been made by any house in San Francisco. " :r a
S See Our Windows. , The Following Prices Will Tell "the Story: * See Our Windows. n
8 SKIRTS OF ALL DESCRIPTIONS: SUITS. SUITS. CRAVENETTE COATS. «
■ $2:90 .Skirts sacrifiend at . . .$ .95 $12^50 Suits sacrificed at. ... . .$ 4.95 $7.50 Coats sacrificed at. ......$ 2.45 ■
g 93.00 Skirts sacrificed at . ..... . 1.25 $15.00 Suits sacrificed at. . . . . . 5.95 $12.50 Coats sacrificed at 4.95 §
■ $H.50 Skirts sacrificed at.'; .;... . 1.35 $17.50 Suits sacrificed at. ..... (>.95 $15.00 Coats sacrificed at 5.95 J
B $3.75 Skirts sacrificed at. . ... . . 1.45 $18.50 Suits sacrificed at /. . . ... 7.45 $17.50 Coats sacrificed at , 7.45 B
■ $4.00 Skirts sacrificed at. . ... . . 1.75 $20.00 Suits sacrificed at:. ... .. 8.45 $20.00 Coats sacrificed at. .». . . . ; 8.95 ■
S $4: 50 Skirts sacrificed at. ..... . ;1.9^5 $22.50 Suits sacrificed at. .. . . . ,9.45 $25.00 Coats sacrificed at . ., 12.95 g
g $10.00 Skirts\sacrificed at./. . . . 4.45 $25.00 Suits sacrificed at. ..... 10.95 - a
g^$12;00 Skirts sacrifietKl at. . .... 4i95 $27^50 Suits sacrificed at. .... .. 11.95 ' WAISTS. S
H;$13.50iSkirts sacrificed at: . . ■;;, . 5;45 $30.00 Suits sacrificed at. . . . . . 12 ; 45 $2.00 Waists sacrificed at. .'. . . .$ .65 3
g $15.00 Skirts sacrificed at. ...'.. 6.45 $32.50Suits sacrificed at. .... . • J4.95 $3.00 AVaists sacrificed at. . . 1.35 S
g $17.50: Skirts sacrificed at: . .... 7.95 $35.00 Suits, sacrificed at. : V. . . 15.45 $3.50 Waists sacrificed at. ..... '. 1^45 5
■ '$5.00 Skirts sacrificetl^at. ...... 2:25 $40.00. Suits "sacrificed at. . . . . . 18.95 $4.00 Waists sacrificed at! ...... l.lo ■
W&&-M Skirts' aCT^^^;^^2i|5 • ru!lnn^ c ; I^ 1 , I?TC $5;00 Waists sacrificed at !**!!!!! 1*95 i
g^7.50 Skirts samficcdat......'. 2.95 CHILDREN S JACKETS. $6.50 Waists sacrificed at.. ....... 2.95 a
g-$8,00 Skirts sacrificed at. : . . . . . .,3,45 S 2;50 Jackets sacrificed at. . . . . .$ .75 tiJSLjj. ■
■ $9.00 Skirts sacrificed at. . .:...- 3.95 2 ;75 Jackets, Sacrificed at. ... . s . .95 JACKETS. g
I LONG COATS. - Jackets sacrificed at.. . . . 1;25 $10.00Jackets sacrificed at. . ; . .$3.95 ■
B. $12.50 Long Coats sacrificed at; .$4;95 $3^50 Jaclvcts- sacrificed at. .. ... 1.45 $12:50 Jackets sacrificed at. ... .4.95 a
g$15;60 Long: Coats sacrificed at. .6.95 $4.00" Jackets sacrificed at. /. . . ; . 1.75 S15100 Jackets sacrificed at. ... ., 6.95"S
g $17;50jLonff Coats sacrificed:at.% 8.45 $5iqO^Jackets sacrificed at. ... . i 1.95 $17;50 Jackets sacrificed at.-. 8.45 g
■ ■ $20.00 i^orig; Coats ;sacrificed^at.^9;45 Jackets^sacrificed at. ■". . . . .;2.45 $20.00 Jackets sacrificed at. _...'. . 9.95 b
g 1142-1146 Market Street v I * .1*1 _^^^ 1142-1146 Market Street |
BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBflBBBBBBBBBBaaaaflBBBBBBaflBBflBZBBBBaBBBBBBBaBBBBaiHBBflaaBBBBailBBaaBllBSaBaO
SALVATION ARMY FEEDS MORE THAN
TWO THOUSAND GUESTS.
At ; noon yesterday the doors of the
Odd Fellows' Hall were thrown open to
waiting hundreds of the poor of San
Francisco by the local branch , of the
Salvation Army. From all parts of the.
oit> came the hungry ones, but prin
cipally from the vast district that lies
south of Market street
. Long before the hour arrived the line
of men, • women and children grew so
Exeat that it required the presence of
two policemen to keep them in line and
prevent' crowding. "Worn out mothers,
holding tired and pale-looking children
in arms or ieading others by the hand,
men in all kinds of . torn and frayed
clothing, and many who were com
pelled to lean upon canes came halting
and limping to the feast.
.And the' unfortunate ones who'came
after 12 o'clock and had to wait tlieir
turn while . the,..others were eating be
came more and more hungry as ■ they
saw . the » others- departing • with glad
dened faces and the little ones noisily
leaving with pockets bulging with godci
things foraged from the 'tables.
• Below in the kitchens and supply
rooms elaborate preparations had been
made i to . feed the multitude. A largu
force of cooks and waiters, made up of
Salvation Army lads and. lasses, hur-
rled back and forth all morning setting
tables, fixing decorations and preparing
the masses of food. One side of the
large dlning-hall was partitioned i «ff
and there stood many tables laden with
loaves of bread and stacks of pies.
One -table was plied high with* celery,
while boxes of apples, oranges, raisins
and nuts were lying around in pro
fusion. . In the kitchen rows of baking
turkeys, rounds at beef and cooking
vegetables sent lip an, aroma through
the outside gratings that whetted the
appetites of the men in line outside.
When the doors were opened, after
what seemed an lntermlnaDle wait, the
women and children were the first ad
mitted and the^rst served- As the six
long tables seating fifty people each
were filled the noise of th» hurrying
waitresses and the clatter, of dishes
soon began. This -noise was drowned
by the music furnished by the army
band, which added its quota to the
hubbub in the, hall, j
The dinner was started with a short
prayer by> Colonel - French, who also
bade the guests welcome in a short
speech, In" which he invited them to
eat all they could and take their time
about it. There was small need of the
advice. Many of the women brought
bags into which they placed fruits and
other eatables, while all the children
left the hall with pockets bulging with
apples and oranges, nuts -and raisins.
From 12 o'clock noon to 4:30 the men
patiently waiting in line outside were
admitted to the hall in detachments of
three hundred and ranged in chairs
along the south side of the hall until
those already seated at the tables had
finished eating. At 4:30, when the last
guest had been served, the waitresses
and helpers, on whom had devolved the
hard work, gathered at the tables and
little was left when all had finished.
The dining hall was decorated in
greens and in the many wreaths of
holly that decorated the center row of
pillars was placed a picture of the late
Mrs. Booth Tucker. Streamers of red.
blue and yellow, the colors of the
Army, were hung from the central pil
lars to the walls. The tables were cov
ered with flowers and holly, and the
newspapers of the ! city gave" -rolls of
clean white paper, strips of which were
removed and fresh paper laid after
each tableful of guests had finished.
Altogether the officers figured that over
2200 guests had been served.
The officers in charge of the affair
were Colonel and Mrs. French, Brig
adier and Mrs. Wood, Major and'Mrs.
F*ynn. Major Fynn had active super
vision of all the preparations for the
dinner, likewise the purchase and~dis
tributlon of supplies. Altogether the
dinner was a splendid success and
many poor people had cause to be
thankful yesterday for the good work
of the army.
34
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
BITTER FEUD ENTERS
MORAGA HOUSEHOLD
Jealous ; husband Abandons Mqrne
. Says Peruvian Student tff University
"Makes His'Life MiseratM^
BERKELEY. Dec. . 26^Declarlng
that ; once * happy • home has
been broken - \ip v and made unbear
able by \he advent of a suave uni
versity student, in whom his wife has
manifested an interest to which he ob
jects, G.-Y. Moraga. -a scion v o£ the an
cient and honorable Spanish family
well known in the State's history,
sought legal counsel to-day in an at
tempt to recover possession of his room;
his furniture "and his belongings in La
Paloma House, which his wife conducts
in the Wagner, block on Shattuck ave
nue.
Moraga charges that Manuel Marker,
a Peruvian youth, a member of the
Junior class of the University of Cali
fornia, has so ingratiated himself in
the Moraga family that the head of
the house, Moraga himself, has become
an object of dislike on .the part of Mrs.
Moraga and the Moraga daughters,
young and beautiful girls, all
of whom, according to the husband and.
father, adore the Peruvian student. ;
The aid of the law was invoked last
Saturday night by both Moraga and the
.Peruvian, each of whom sought to put
the other in limbo, followirfg a sensa
tional scene in the Moraga apartments^
'.at La. Paloma. Moraga, -wno Is a Span-'
•*idrd nearly fifty years old, gray haired
but still vigorous, proud of his lineage
land his honor, said to-day:
MORAGA'S STORY,
. ■ I was locked out of my apartments try tay
wife last Saturday night, when this young
Peruvian. Marker, was in the rooms with my
wife and my daughter. .It was not the first
time It bad occurred. I have been without a
home for thirteen nights and Marker Is re
sponsible. On Saturday night 1 demanded
that he leave the building. I was refused en
, trance and Marker threatened mj life.
1 was challenge* to engage in combat, a
•duel, if you please. In which we should settle
thi» matter. I refused, saying 1 -would not
BCil my hands, with him. He then sought to
have me arrested. Policeman Thompson came
. after me. hut when I told him the -facts, he
oil not arrest me. I have -consulted mx at-,
torntys.. I am a broken-hearted • man. Per
haps I shall leave the country. I contemplate
• letting my wife have all the furniture, .worth
JTOOO, and going away from here. My ltfe Is.
ruined ' ' "
This young Peruvian has my wife and daugh
ters under his Influence. He has told them
of the wealth of his family In Peru, of their
eervants and the wonders of their hdme. I
rrsent'bts entrance into my family, and, n»t-
ENEMIES HAUNT
HIM IN DREAMS
€s«clal Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Dec. 2&^Tossing in bis
bed and in his^delirlum calling for pro
tection against' his enemies. Charles F.
Dodge, who was brought from Texas £o.
answer; to a charge of perjury in a sen
sational divorce case, is watched over
by two physicians to-night. He has
suffered a complete collapse, due to-.the
confession which he has made, which
implicates men of 'prominence rin N«w
York. It is these men -that Dodge now
Imagines are threatening him.
Assistant District Attorney Garvan
called on Dodge and was later asked
concerning, his, condition.. iHe replied:
"Mr. Dodge Is ia' very sick man under
the care of a physician. He Is suffer^
ing from -malaria and general- under^
mining of thVey stem."
Garvan called for the purpose of se
curing 'Dodge's signature to a tran
script of the stenographer's notes of _his
Statement to, District Attorney. Jerome.
SPORT1XG »LAX JATLED .- I -
%V ' BY OFFICERJSOFiTXrOSbx
Accused of Having Vouched for In
• -. legrlty of,»Ian.\Vho Fleeced
Arizona Merchant. a ■-,
TUCSON, Arlr., Dec 26.— Ehra
Bartlett. one of the best known sport
ing men in the Southwest, - was ar
rested here to-day as he stepped' off
the train from Los Angeles on a
charge in connection -with the alleged
swindling of Albert Steinfeldt," the,
wealthy: merchant of this city, out of
$12,500 by J. H. Harcourt. * It Is
claimed that Bartlett Introduced Har
court to Steinfeldt and vouched for
his Integrity... ■-, ,;
MRS. GRANT'S SISTER DEES.
WASHINGTON,* Dec! 26. — Mrs,
Nellie Dent Sharp, the widow of Ma
jor Alexander Sharp, U. S. A., and
J5i6ter of the late, Mrs. U. S. Grant,
died In this city t6-day. The body will
be burled at the Presidio. San'' Fran >
1 cisco. where the remains of Major
Sharp, who died three years ago are
Interred. - • ., y.~> . : -
' - SOOTTS EMULSION. *
\ j| NOT MEDTCTTTE : ,
; Babies don't need mecB-
dne — older children very
nu?dy. "Better nourishTnent
wili generafly set # them right*
Scott's Emulsion k the right
kind of nourishment and the
kind Aat will, do them .the
most goocL , Scott's Emulsion ;
contains hoihing; that chil-
dren should not , have . and ,
eveiythi ng . tHat • they should.
SCOTT* BOWJCt, 4*9 Pe*ri Strt*. *•* York. \
. £ . .
urally eo when I am 'tockeS out of my wife's
apartments. I : wi.sh ..you '4q ■• understand that
my wife Is lndUcre* V but not wofse than
tliat. •: "**-.••.' ; , •%-■ -■■
I have' written to the home of this young
Marker and have found that his stories of the
family's wealth are false. They are common
people. His father is an engineer, without
rank or wealth. But my wife and daughters
believe It. • -. ; • -»■;? V- i." 1
Moraga. in his younger days, owned
a large interest in the great Moraga
ranch, .which, however, has been dis
sipated. Moraga's ancestor,' Ignaclo,
was the first Spanish colonist in Cali
fornia.' He laid the cornerstone of the
Dolores .mission .and was buried in the
ground on which the church 'stands in
San Francisco. IV"
THE WIFE'S VERSION.
Mrs. Moraga was a member of the
family which owned the famous Fish
rancho- Her black eyes snapped' to
day as she denied her husband's story.
She said:
Absurd! Preposterous! I, a.' woman of 45,
the mother of many children, married for 25
years, to be Infatuated or to care in any but a
simple friendly way for this student — this
mere boy? Why, Manuel Marker la only 19
years old. a quiet boy, a gentleman. Every
thing my husband has «ald about it is false.
. Last Saturday we asked Manuel in to help
us dress the Christmas tree. He is friendly
with all of us except my husband. When
Moraga came and found Manuel in the room
he ordered .him to go. The disturbance that
followed was' bo bad that Manuel ■went for
Officer Thompson to have my husband ar
rested for battery. Then, for the sake of
peace, Manuel decided to sleep' elsewhere that
night. Moraga took his clothes and occupied
another apartment than mine, but h« was not
locked out.
If Mr. Moraga Intimates that he will be so
generous as. to go and leave me In possession
of this house and furniture and permits you
to think he Is a wronged but generous man,
listen to this: Mr. Moraga has not a cent of
interest, in- the place. It is all mine; In my
name, bought with my money. My sister and
I sold our interest in the Fish ranch last De
cember and my share Is in this house. Moras*
ciintribotes nothing- but his name to this fam
ily.
It is a horrible thing that he should so act
as to mix the name of his wife, wh6 has been
with him* for 25 years, in such a story as he
tells. It Is a hideous wrong, too, that he does
Manuel Marker. It . cannot but affect his
university life- and it will all be eo deplor
able.
• Mrs.* Moraga broke down and wept
after her^speech. V;
Marker,' the student, /denies that his
delations with. the Moraga. family have
been other than innocent and friendly-
He said to-day, that' MOraga's allega
tions were all false. ...
ON THE TRAIL
OF SMUGGLERS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUB,EAUo POST. BUILDING,
WASHINGTON, Dec. - 26.-rFrank» . P.
Sargent; Commissioner of Immigration,
has begun the biggest hunt for Chinese
smugglers on record; Me * has" sent
many special "agents to the -Canadian
frontier to be ready for the attempts
■»-hich,it is reported; thedaring band is
about to make to smuggle Chinese in
large numbers into this country by way
of Liverpool,' "Hallf ail and: towns on the
border.
How* much the Chinese have paid to
be smuggled, no one of the Government
Secret Service knows. It Is supposed
to be several • hundred dollars a head.
It Is announced there are many hun
dreds of Chinese to be brought over the
Canadian -border and there is a strong
suspicion that the same smugglers are
implicated in the attempts to. get the
Chinese into the United States by way
of Mexico; ~.\ ■ ' > ;■
" Commissioner "Sargent spent several
days in Canada making an investiga
tion Into the doings of the smugglers.
He had recently returned from a long
trip along the border of Mexico. While
in the South, he organized a corps of
roughriders to patrol the line 4» s the
sparsely setlled districts to head off the
Chinese coming this way. While In
Canada- he Increased the force of men
there. ■■ The" Chinese will be arrested
as rapidly as they appear.- .The officers
hope they will at the same time be able
to capture the white smugglers.
MITCHELL TO-BE GIVEN
- -''A' CHANCE " TO EXPLAIN
Government Prosecutor Willing , to
Have Oregon Senator Appear
Before Grand Jury.
PORTLAND, Or., Dec. 26.-7-Senator
Mitchell and possibly -Congressman
Hermann will hay« their much :' de
sired opportunity of " going before the
United States! Grand Jury and ex
plaining away' any charges that* may
have been made against them to-mor
row afternoon. .;. Assistant • United
States District Attorney Heney, who is
conducting, the examinations before
the Grand Jury, stated to-day that
Senator Mitchell would bQ allowed to
appear before that body In the af ter-:
noon, but he did no* know • whether
Congressman Hermann would or not.
The interest in the Grand Jury now
centers around the • nature* of / the
charges r which Senator . Mitchell and
Congressman Hermann' say have been
preferred against them. As -yet, ; if
any charges have been made, Heney
refuses to " state; therii,' arid' it : Is .not
known what the charges against: the
-legislator are and probably will not
be known until after the' Session, to
morrow afternoon., . .
BCLLET FROM AIRGUN.^BnR
DESTROYS A BOY'S EYE
Clirlstmas Gift Brings Woe to Brother
of tlie Lad' \VTiio» Received
. . the t Toy.
-REDDING. Dec. 26.— RusselL Bass
ham, aged., 10, years; received ;' iin i air
rjifle yesterday as a Christmas present.
A few hours later at their home-in
Freridh 'Giilch ' his brother' Frank,
kge'a- 16 years, loaded the riflt ".with
a.double B^shot and picked :tlje • gun
lip with the* muzzle toward > him. The
.weapon; was discharged lissome '.man^
hert.and , the. shot'struclc, the" boy's left
eye^: destroying the sight. , >_ '■■'
THE SAN FRANGISeOGALU, TUESDAY-! DECEMBER 27, 1904:
BURGLARS KEEP
POLICE ACTIVE
Thieves Continue Their Work
':-. iri'Alanieda and Two More
Bobberies Are' Eep5rted
ENTER BABCOCK HOME
Steal* Christmas Cigars and
Also, Carry;. Aw^ay Jewelry
From the Wehle Residence
ALXMEDA, Dec. 26.— Burglars . are
industrious* here and they are not very
particular as tojtvhat they steal. This
was evidenced. last ;*nlght when one ; ht
the purloining gentry made away with
fifty Christmas cigars from the cottage
of Colonel George C. Babcock, 2615 San
Jose -avenue, and the owner asserts
that the missing weeds were good ones.
Conrad .Wehle of 1325 Park, street
reported that his residence was entered
Saturday, .night and &, lady's gold
watch, a gold chain, a pair of brace
lets arid a pair j of gold cuff buttons
stolen. Access to the building was ob
tained/ by, means of a> pair "of nippers
that were used on a doorlock-
It Is believed that the thefts at the
Babcock 'and Wehle places were com
mitted by the same burglar that robbed
the flat occupied by Mrs. Isabella Scott
at 231? Santa Clara avenue and the cot
tage of IL L~ Zimmerman at 2517 Santa
Clara avenue -Saturday evening.
FTEL.D ARTILLERY, DESTINED
1 POR pfalfcjPPINES ARRIVES
Makes Handsome Appearance as It
Marches . Vp. From the Ferry
Building.
Two of the "batteries of field "artfl
lery destined for the Philippine ser
vice arrived .here yesterday. The
Twenty-sixth Battery, Captain H. I*
Hawthorne, came from Vancouver
Barracks, Wash., and the Twenty
eighth Battery. Captain O...I. Straub,
came* from Fort Leavehworth.
They made a very snappy and im
pressive sight as they marched up
from the ferry building. They wore
their heavy uniforms and, winter
coats. Their capes were thrown back,
showing the brilliant linings,,
which, made a .pretty picturg/iV; the
cold gray light of the morning. They
have gone into quarters at the Pre
sidio, where they will remain until
next Saturday, x when they will: sail' ori
the Thomas fojr Manila. . :.-
No -business., was transacted
either division^ or department head
quartersV Lieutenant" E:; C. Dong," ar
tillery. S&rps, cailed the office- of
General Moore, but there was no one
to receive- him. ;»■: ,. it-;. .- j .- .[- •-,
PERSOXAX*.
Dr. r Arons 'of ' Eos* Angeles' is at the
Palace". "
Dr. E. H.^Byron of <5uerhevine' is at,
the Graiid.
\ De Putron Gliddon of Fresno is" at
the Palace;- '
W. C. Miller of New Orleans Is at.
the California. '' . ' ' 'i ",
Adjutant General J. B. Lauck 'is at
the Occidental. ' .. '"" ' : ' . : •'„ . .,
M. M. ; Carothers, a Uklah newspaper
man, is at the Lick.
William G. Blatt of Detroit is a
guest at the Palace. v].;; : .
J. N. Schmltz, a~Fir^baugh-*rancher,
is staying at the Licki,^
•; A.^ N. Butts, wiio iis engaged ■ Inuinln
ihg;'in "pownieyille;- is. at the Licitj "l
' J.jb. Denton', a mining man of.Goild
field,* and'his wife are at the Lick.
"J:"F.' Cowman and daughter! of* New
York are registered a^the^St Francis.
,;.Hi Qv Swyttie' and" wife tof Saratoga
Springs are registered at the Occiden-
Colonel 1 E..iA. one of.Marys
ville'fl' leading attorneys, is at the Pa
lace." " '
. Lewis f Melczer, a .well .known bus!-,
ness man of Phoenix, Ariz., is; at. the
• Grand. * : • • - . : . •
W. P. Hammon,. ...the well-known
dredge mining man "of Oroville, arrived
,at Jfce, Palace :laBti night. .
i ■ F. W. .Mahl, who Is connected with
the Southern' Pacific Company In Sac
ramento,, is at the Grand. V '
' H. C. Bargeant and W. J. Galbralth
of Los Angeles- are among the latest
arrivals at the St. Francis.
G.eorge .R.- Stewart, a' ..prominent
rancher of Crows' Landing, and wife'
and'daughter are at 'the? Lick.
Mr. and Mrs. E. J.^ Devlin of Sac
ramento are •spending' the holidays in
this f city and ■ are staying ■' at the Cali
fornia, i '
Under 'Sheriff William May of Pla
cer County Is spending a few days In
town... He is looking up evidence in
the..Adolph Weber case,,, which will
come up for trial January 26. ;
; Prince Fushiml and ) his ' party re
turned Irom Monterey \ yesterday . and
are r at* the St Francis. Last" night
they " attended .' the Columbia Theater.
To-day, the distinguished Japanese will
give a r luncheon ;to several ! of their
countrymen ; at ,the St. Francis ) and - in
the evening, they will be the guests of
R.vP.;.Schwerin at a banquet In the
Paciflo-Union CJub^ . . .
Turchctti's Victim Identified.
? The body, of the-man- who was, shot
and killed on Pacific- street on Christ
mas night . by>, Alviso Turchetti -.was
identified . at L the Morgue yesterday/ as
that : of .William , Dfuke," a 1 sailor, . com-,
monly- known as, /'Sailor ■ Geof ge."
Salvino Turchetti, c a brother .of ; the
shooter, called • at the Morgue {yester
day, 'where Dr. L. D. . Bacigalupi } ex
amined SalvUio's nose '• and ' found] that
It was broken. Salvino said thatshe
and v v hls brother .were . attacked'^: by
thpeeTmen. one of whom » was the de-;
cedent, r and .that he: received' the
broken nose' ; In "• that encounter.
Rancher Found ' t Dead, in .; Bed.*
Lr/; SAN, JOSE.iDep/ 26^-r-G:; F/ Krus^;a
Monterey 'rancher,' was found dead- in
bed ' her* 'to-day.,' 'j ■* ■ . ■'• - . '. "•-
A dream ot .pleasure, . the new tyro .tot
auarter size American." |2 "> 75 box 25.'; ; * ' -
GAS THREATENS
LIVES IN CAR
Edwin Stearns, - Secretary
Board of Trade, Narrow
ly Escapes Asphyxiation
BRINGS /A GOOD REPORT
isj Confident Tliat Oakland
Will- Get a Liberal Appro
priation in Harbor Bill
Oakland- Office, San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Dec. 26.. .
Escaping gas in, the Pullman sleep
er, '"OVdenVJS f "on the* 'overland ' train
which arrived here yesterday.,, evening,
threatened; the fives, of several passen
gers, among. whom was Edwin Stearns,
secretary of the Oakland Board' of
Trade. He was returning f rora
ington, "where "he had attended the
meeting of the Congressional Commit
tee | on Rivers and _ Harbors. The gas
escaped from ah imperfect burner and
filled the car before, the '■; passengers
were | awakened. After the j leak was
stopped several of those ,in£the car
complained 'of sickness' as a result of
partial „ asphyxiation. „ i ;-,- /, ■*,- ■•"*■'. *'
■'■ • E. ' C. Session, who accompanied, Mr.'
Stearns to Washington, stopped over
at Salt Lake City to visit his son, and
bo escaped the .unpleasant experience.
Mr. Sessions Is expected to arrive in
this city to-morrow.
• Mr. Stearns ; reports a' favorable re
ception by the Congressional Commit
tee, and expressed the belief that'Oak
land will be substantially mentioned in
the appropriation bill. He says that
Chairman Burtons of the committee, is
thoroughly conversant with the present'
condition .of the,, harbor. The secretary
of the Board of Trade said:
"I feel positive that had Oakland sent
a. committee to appear before the River
and . Harbor Com'mittee ten years ago,
we should now -have a channel- thirty
feet deep, and 'the land abutting on, the
harbor completely filled with factories.'*
STINGAJREE WINS. STAKE
AT UNION COURSING PARK
,A- large holiday* crowd, witnessed the,
running of a special stake, for grey
hounds, yesterday at Union Coursing
jPark. v.ptinjgaree.sa' black .^daughter of
the great 'Royal Flush,' had good cours
ing luckand'iWent through- the stake
flying. In her 'first start of the day she
beat May,. Tunison, the 1 to 3 choice. .
.Rapid Water, the runner-up, was un
fortunate In having severe trials in the
fourth and fifth rounds which 1 spoiled
any -chance he -might have had for the
BtaW^T^'6 resuliaHn?d%ail with Judge.
P % J. f Reilly^'s offlciai, scores t follpw-: .' \
First ' round'— !A.'eblug" 'bea'f SUnnybroblS' B-O;'
Checkers beat Miss Qreem 3-Oi» Runaway Ac
tress beat Mlinico. T-fti Rapid Water beat The
Sheriff, -lft-0; Roy Da>e -.bi&tf -IXinciin, 10-8;
¥?***\. Ftse teat MIm Lucille, ' 4-3; Doroth*
M«l»at'Kfttleman>aJ-3; JIgamaroo beat LJttU
Me^cj'. ,.i>-2; .General ;Dewet beat c Fpxhunter,.
C-2; Cranberry Sauce beat Texas Mamie, fi-3:
Beird Jjlaj'd. beat., Trtlowetonp, .0-3; ,Ina Clssus^
bcatvPrestp^ «^;i Elroo .beat, i Raby Aurora,.,
■11-3; Iron : Hill l>eat Belfast. 15-4; Idaho Boy
beat > Frisky Boy, . 6-0; Quicksand beat Medea,
11-7; Texas Hoo Hoo beat Lucy Glitters 8-2;
Ti-oper beat Story's Sister, 7-'2'; Ready Address
JBeat -Van- Nora.' 3>-0; Mlckfey Free beat Grace
ful, 4-2; Stlnearee beatT May. Tunison, 5-0;
Flerj'-Croe? a bye. Clover Blossom withdrawn;
MCHenryi beat Nellie Wise, 6-0; Beck; Sharp
beat Kalippel. 11-8. . . ...
Second - round-^Aeolus ' beat Checkers, 14-8;'
Ra^ld Water bcaf Runaway* ■Actress. ' 3-0;'
Forest Fire beat Rey Dare," 17^5; JIgamaroo
beat Dorothy M, 5-1; Cranberry. Sauce beat'
General Dewet, 10-2; Ina' Clssus beat- Bella;
Lloyd, 9-3; lone Hill beat Slroc, 15-4; Idaho
Boy beat Quicksand, 8-2; T.exaa Hoo Hoo beat
Proper, 14-6; Mickey. Free beat Ready Address,,
7-0; Stlngaree beat Fiery Cross. 6-0; McHenry'
beat Becky Sharp, ,5-Q. - .
Third round — Rapid .Water -beat Aeolus, C-2 ;^
Jlramaroo a bye. . Forest Fire .withdrawn; Ina
CIfbus a bye,.- Cranberry Sauce:," withdrawn;
-Idaho Boy beat lone H1H, 9-7; Stiturareo a
bye. Texas Hoo Hoo withdrawn; .Mickey Free
beat McHenry, 7-2. . . •• •
Fourth round — Rapid Water beat Jlpamarop,
14-2; Idaho Boy beat Ina Clssus, 5-2; Stlng
aree beat Mickey Free, 6-0.
■• Fifth 'round— Rapid Water.'beat" Idaho Boy,"
8.-4i;' Stlnearee' a bye. ;v* '< ;■'" - .'. ' '. . ' I :\
s Deciding .course — Georgre Sharman's Stlngr
arce ( Royal Flush-Bona Fide) beat L. Lofrar
maslno's Rapid Water (Rocker-Little Wonder),
9-1.- ; j. .-■ ., .-:\i ' ' I '' • ' .■' : »• ■
The draw. ; for next Sunday's % stakes
will be held to-morrow' night.- A special
holiday stake -will be run next Monday.
s The draw for this will beheldat "the
park 'on Sunday. . . ; . £ 7 '. >.,
GOLFERS; ATTACK "BOGEY" ; , :
% ON TIIE PRESIDIO LINKS
Ji. B. Edwards Wimj the Handicap
Prize,' Wlillc W. II. Xa Boyteaux
. Makes Best Gross Score.
• : -,Just a score .of r players in .the
eighteen-hole handicap ; against "boy
gey" held, yesterday .on t the course of
the San | Francisco Golf j and Country.
Club handed in their scares. L. | B. '
' Edwards, 1 down ( net) , won the han
dicap , prize, .while W.^H. La Boyteaux,
7 - down (gross) ,■ won the, trophy .for
the best gross score. - The scores" are
shown in the 'table: . . s .
: Player. ... | Gross. lHandlcap| " Net. ...
L,. n. Edwards. .... 11" down 1 14 strokes! 1 down
' R. " J, ' Woods '. 12 down 12 strokes 2 down
S. ' H. Boardman . . 12 down 10 strokes 3 down
8. Ij. Abbot Jr...... 9 down t! strokes 3 down
1». F. Monteagle .. 13 'down 12 strokes 3 down
C. H.NBentley .... 10 down 8 strokes > 4 down
W. H. La Bayteaux. 7 down 8 strokes 5 down I
nolla V. Watt ..'.. 14 down 10 strokes 0 down
R. I. "Bentley :...12down 6 strokes 6 down
8. C. „ Buckbee ..... 12 down 18 strokes ' 7 down ■
' H. A. Bjackman ... 11 down -6 strokes 7 down
Charle* ' Page ... . . 10 down fl strokes '. 7 down
Dr. J. R. Clark ..0 down 1 stroke 8 down
W. J. - Dutton .... 15 down 14 strokes 8 down
Oapt. J : 8. Oyster T. 14 down 6 strokes 9 down
Dr. T.G. McGonkey. 11 down 6 strokes 9 down
C. W. ; Bennett .... 17 down 18 strokes 11 down
H. C. , Golcher ..... 11 down " 0 strokes 11 down
.I*. .Chenery ...;;.-.. 1G down 10 stroke* 11 down
MaJ. T.W.M.Draper 18 down 18 strokes|l6 down
C. P. Eells; handicap ;' 8, and the
Re%v F^.y W. , Clampett;"handicap';.18/.
made no' return's.' ; t .
; \Th'e men's handicap, the qualifying
round . or * which '■-. was , played r\ on
Thanksgiving,' day, 'was ; 4 wont by. C. H. ;
Bentley v who beat R.' Q. ' Harif ord .4' up
and , 2 , to*' piay in ; the ; final found % on
Christmas iday'. : - R. : { G.'Hariford.vwon
his_way Jiito the finai round by, be'atirig
Wofthlngton Ames • 1 - up ; in the ■ semi
final 'found.'," C.-H. Bentl : ey J ; woh'..the|
flrstCtirize ;'and R. G. <Hanfor4 the;
second:. *■ (
..This morning the* ■.; qualifying "round
of ,*oT competition" for* the council's .cup;
for wome^'will; be''held}6n^the ; 'Pre-'
sidio • course,' beginning \ at t 9:30 \ al m."'
Germans "> Warned* to Ix?avo Fez.
R, " Dec. ' 2 6."~Tbe
legation "has" warned German ; subjecti
at Fez 1 to •prepa're^to leave > at a : mo
ment's notlcel -: ' •';'■" /: ' . , \. './;-.'
RARE VIOLIN
TOY OF BABE
Father Ignorantly Gives a
Genuine Old "Stainer" to
Child for a, Plaything
INSTRUMENT OF YALUE
Experts Pronounce the Find
to Be the BeaT Workiof a
Famous Tyrolian Maker
Berkeley Office San Francisco , Call,
2148 Center street, Dec. 28.
The discovery was made to-day by
R.'.-B. '.Somers that a '.violin, found by
him in his garret among some lumber
and . given ;to his' little son for a' play
thing, is In reality a rare old instru
ment, bearing Stainer's authentic .sig
nature and supposedly of great value.
The violin was^used by an Italian
who worked on a milk ranch formerly
operated by SomeYs. By the Italian it
was left on the' place, when he went
East.- ■-. '> ,
The*, violin was turned v over to the
UlttieV Somers^boy. for a\sand shoveL
He used .it, for a day, fortunately with
out injuring the instrument materially,
and then its character was discovered
by. a university student -who chanced
to com© that way. -.. ■■■ ■ t
The student was a stranger to* Som
ersand did not give his name. ;When
he told the father that the violin' was
a genuine Stainer baby, was at, once
deprived of; his valuable toy. 'i7- ;
• The violin .was. taken to Sherman,
Clay & "Co.'s in San Francisco and
there pronounced to be a genuine
Stainer "instrument! old and very'val
uable. Offers were, at once made to
Mr.Somers for the instrument but none
were accepted.
. The instrument has a .fine tone and
in color is of that rich chestnut brown
unsuccessfully.' imitated' ■ by violin
makers of the present day. .
CONGRESSMAN IS TO BE ' '
■r- : INSTALLING OFFICER
Joseph Russell Khowland' Will Con
ducttho Ceremonies of Oak Grove
i:: ' Masonic Lodge. ,: --.
i ALAMEDA. Dec. 26. — Congressman
Joseph Russell Knowland, the retiring
master of. Oak Grove Lodge No.- 215,
F. and A. M., will install the newly
elected officers of the-fraternity in Ma
sonic Temple to-morrow night Dr.
Rodolph Wallace • M*ek ; of Oakland,
inspector for; the Grand Lodge in^this
'district, wiiUact as master of cere
monies. Following are the menf to he
ihducted^'Ihto officer * ; " ; ~ i'ii
j ' Worshipful ;' master;, j Milton William
Simpson;; senior -warden, ( .I*enry Miller
Hammond; Junior, warden, Edmund
DaVldsph Rue;^ 'treasurer;' Theoflore
William Leydeclcer; secretary, Qswald
Lubbock; - chaplain, Henry, Scliultz
Lubbofik; .senior.d.eacon, Burton Elliott
Cbmbs";i junioru deacon, Jain.es Henry
MqNutt; marshal, H^nry'S.. Bram
man; \ senioV: steward." Charles' Edward
Stokes; junior steward, " Frank Victor
Bordwelirv tyler, George Sturtevant;'
organist, John de'Peyster Teller. ;
Pastor to Remain 'In Oakland.
j .OAKLAND, Dec... 26.— The Rev.
Dwight E. Potter, '."pastor of *the
Union-street Presbyterian ' Church,
who resigned some time ago tha!t he
might take up work in a foreign mis
sionary field, has been informed' by
the Presbyterian board of foreign
missions \ that it has ; . decided not to
send him out as a missionary. In ac
cordance with the request of .the
members of his church Mr. Potter, has,
withdrawn' his resignation and vwill
remain in ~ charge of the church, of
which * he has ■ been for i more
than slx'years. ' • ' * -
BElWE^JPERFOnRMS-WliLlJ '
> AGAINST RING VETERANS
Olympic Club . : Heavy- Weight Boxes
Fast Rounds With Sullivan, and
• '.West In Practice Bouts.
Sammy Bergerf -who Is to box four
rounds with Jim Casey next Friday
night in Mechanics' Pavilion, . donned
the gloves yesterday afternoon with
"Twin" Sullivan and Tommy We*st,',two
veterans of the ring, and showed to ad
vantage with ' both men.' Berger sur
prised the large gathering by his abil
ity to mix and take a punching. Xuck
ily the men .boxed with : eight-ounce
gloves, otherwise there would have been
a knockout. '" .-> -..{ '■■ ..
In . his. "bout ,' with -. Sullivan,- 'the
Olympic Club. boy turned. loose and be
fore .two rounds had passed both were
bleeding from nose an4 mouth. . Berger
showed his superb condition by taking
West on for a ; few rounds, "and as be
fore it was "hammer . and tongs" '. all
the way.' West looks upon Berger as a
clever youngster and asserts that with
experience Berger, will- make his mark
in the pugilistic world. .
Casey, is - working .out , at the Hayes
Valley • Club and . is * In condition. ,' He
goes out on . the road each morning, for
ten miles \ and In . the afternoon ; does a
considerable amount of .gymnasium
work: ■'■'".■ " ■-■■
BOSTOXIAN OREGON ;
"BELLE IX PORTLAND
Daughter, of Late Senator Tonffuo Be
~ conies '-'the ■ Bride of a Capltal
'•"--. ;'■ Ist's Son.i /
; PORTLAND, ; Or.; • Dec. , 26.— Martin
Gay. Lombard,' ; son of B.'. Lombard Jr./
aTpf brninent Boston' capitalist, ':'•. and
Miss"; Mary; Gertrude ;.T6rigtie', 'daughter
of the late. Senator, Tongue,' have' been
'married in this city. ; .Miss -Tongue Is
well ;known : In .Washington, D. , C, ; so-'
cietyjClfcles:? . ; , . .■■.
IiATE SillPPING INTELLIGENCE.
" ARRIVED'. ■■;'.' «,: '
: ': ■ ' < ■ i' : Monday^ December : 2ft.
* Btmr -■-■Whlttler,- Dlckoon, J 4 : days: 15. hours
from Colutnbla.iwlth-bktn'.FuUerton' ln'tOTpr.i :
- Bktn Kullerton,*; McKechnie,'4 day k '15 hours
from Colombia.;- In- tow < stmr; TVhlttler. - •' - , ■ "
'■,--.-/ bjlXi£t>. ,{• . ..■..;', ,.' ""
■'.-'■ '■"' ' .'."■.' - :- J, Monday, December 28. '■
' Btmr South Coast, i Olaen.' Caaper. . ■ >.» "
.a -•*.;;>'. port.- -\ . • : ; %
j ABERDEEN— Arrly«d D«o 26— fichr Hal
oyon. benc« Deo UL-- ■ ; ■ '
CONTRA COSTA
TOWN BUILDING
Cities That Have Sprung Up
Like Mushrooms, but With
a More Substantial Life
MANUFACTUBINGPLANTS
Mammoth Industries That
Contribute^ t^'^Fp^ft^ of a
Bapidly Advancing Section
Oakland Office , San Francisco Call,
l$Ti ;. ' \ 1016 Broadway, Dec! 28/.'
, Town building has been ' going on \ in
Contra Costa* County/ In : a remarkabia i
manner' in thfe last few. years. Whera
there were . formerly great; stretches of
unoccupied fields and water front theijT
are now thriving towns with' manuf ab- ;
turing Industries, and it is. little wonder
that, this county, once comparatively"
obscure) has Jumped; to a rank* In manu- !
factured products that Is .second only;
to San Francisco." '
-It was not many yearn ago that Mar
tinea, the .county seat, and Antloch, the
great vriver shipping- point, -were tha
only Incorporated towns In • the coun
.ty. "iNow^ there la a string Lot- towns
from, the Alameda County line to An
tioch, all possessing town govenments,
with others clamoring for the right to
conduct their own, municipal affairs.
Pinole, Hercules and Black Diamond
have all become incorporated towns.
Richmond and Concord are fighting for
the same -privilege. Pinole and Her
cules are powder centers, and they
have experienced a rapid growth, par
ticularly the former, which is now on
the main line of the Santa Fe system.
The wonderful growth of Richmond
from, unoccupied water front lands to
a city of 5000 population In less than
five years is pretty well known
throughout the State. 'Richmond Is
now pointed to as one of the liveliest
towns on the bay shore. ' : 5?!i
But. while this has . been going on
along the western shore- of the county
there • has ■ been another case of town
building that is just as remarkable.
A few years ago there was. a wharf
projecting, out* into the waters of the
San Joaquin River, with a tiny settle
ment at the shore end and a little rail
road that ran up to one of the coal
mines on the side of Mount Diablo. It
was known as New York Landing and
when the coal road was" running river
steamers used to stop at the wharf for
their. fuel. "When the mine closed down
New York Landing became little more
• f than . a. , fishing r village. , ,-Suddenly the
village woke up. Several large .manu
facturing ? plants that; wanted deep
water located ' .there, the name was
changed from New York Landing; to
Black Diamond^ and- 'now- If Is* Tan ln^c.
corporated town with a population' that
Is estimated between 3500 and, 4000. •
j*ot. satisfied with this," another town
Is being planned and will be launched
'during "1905. It is to be cailed Morton
arid will be ' built between Black Dia
mond ' and Antloch. The Bulls Head
Oil Company, • the Mountain Copper
Company from Keswick," Shasta Coun
ty, the Bowers Rubber Company and
the W. T. Garratt Foundry Company
will • have plants at " this point and a
town will be \ forced" to settle around
them.
New factories are going up continu
ally,'and those already established are
Increasing their capacity. A* list'of the
new industries that have contributed to
bring Contra Costa County up to Its
present standing in the manufacturing
Vorld Includes: Antioch Brick Com
pany, Bowers Rubber Company, Bulls
Head Oil "Works, ■ California ' Redwood
Manufacturing Association, California
California Wine 'Association, Copper
King Smelter Company, Cowell Lime
and Cement Company, Holland Sand
Stone Brick Company, Hopper Lum
ber Company, jersey Island ' Pickle
Company, Mountain Coast' Oil?Com
pany, Peyton Chemical Company, Pe
talqma ,' Radiator. Comany,' Richmond
Foundry Company. Santa Fe Railway
Packing Company, Wilson-Lyons Quar
ry Company, Wilson-Lyons Brick Com
pany, W. T. Garratt Company, brass
and iron foundry. . .
MASONIC OFFICERS INSTALLED
V : WITH f SOLE3I N 1 CERESlONIES
Dnrant Lodse Members Witness Act
by Which New Men Assume
Charge.
.BERKELEY, Dec. 26.— In the pres
ence of .the highest Masonic dignitary
of the State, Most Worsnipful Master
George W. Hunter, grand . master ; of
Masons of California, and with impres
sive ritual ceremonies the following of
ficers of Durant Lodge were Installed
Friday night:.
■ Charles Louis Biedenbach, worshipful mas.
ter; Charles Henry Blohm, senior warden;
William Henry Harrison Gentry, junior war
den; Warren Oilman Sanborn, treasurer; Clar
ence Sirtney Merrill, secretary; William Har
rison .Waste ' (past ' master), chaplain; George
Leonard, senior deacon : • Frederick Holroyd
Dakin Sr.; Junior "deacon; William Seward
Col-eman. marshal :■ Harry Hubbard Johnson.
Dozicr ",Flnley, stewards: Barzillal P. Bull
(past master). tyl«r.
Worshipful Master Walter Gompertz
Was presented with a past master's
jewel arid Installing Officer R. W. Meek
with .a beautiful cutglass vase. A
splendid oil painting of Henry Durant.
first president of the University of Cal
ifornia," a prominent . Mason, after
whom Durant t Lodge was named, was'
unveiled. The picture was painted In
Boston when Durant was thirty; years"
old; : by the- American poet and artist,
Thomas Buchanan" Read. An elaborate
dinner, was served,- following the * in
stallation and picture unveiling cere
monies, at which Worshipful Master
Biedenbach acted' as toastmaster.
Good P"lay 'at Ye Liberty*.
/ OA.KLAND, bee. 2 6,-^-The opening
performance of *■■ Edward '. ' E. Rose's
dramatization of Anthony Hope's
famous 'novel, "The -Prisoner of Zen
da;" 'was "given ".this '"afternoon .' at the
Liberty 1 Theater. '. The play is splen
didly' staged and cast is excellent^
Landers "Stevens as ".Rudolph Rasseiv
dyil scored^ aT hit.'. ."The 'Prisoner :of
Zenda"*wiir be' followed next week J>y
its- sequel, : -'*Rupert»bf .'Hentzau." * ■
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA . COUNTY
OAKLAND.
1016 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083. \T.i
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 11.
ALAMEDA.
1485 Park Street.
MORE REVENUE
FOR THE CITY
Police Judge Smith; Drafts
BiU to Give Oakland All
: Ificome ■From :Its Courts
OBJECTS- TO V DIVISION
County Now Gets^Collected
JFines in Cases Where the
Offenses Are Statutory
* v
Oakland Office Ban Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Dec 39.
Police Judge Mortimer Smith has
prepared a bill for Introduction at tha
forthcoming session of the State' Leg
islature which is designea to correct a
condition by which much of the police
work of Oakland inures to the financial
benefit alone of the treasury .of Ala
meda County. In short, ' Judge Smith
purposes to change the existing, law
by which all fines collected In the
Police Courts Imposed in cases. of con
viction of statutory offenses as well
as of municipal ordinances shall go> Into
the 'city treasury.
Under existing taw fines collected in
cases of convlcton for all offenses made
such by the State Penal Code are de
posited with the county treasury. Such
moneys are used solely by the county
government. The only benefit- the
municipality gets from' fines In th>
Police Courts is that which comes from
those levied in cases of violations of
municipal ordinances, such as bicycle
riding unlawfully and the like.
About .70 per cent of the money col
lected for fines in the Police" Courts
goes- into the county treasury jwder
the provisions of the law as It exists.
Fines Imposed in larceny, oatteryv lo* -
tery and such cases are all sub feet to
county control because tne crimes are
statutory. • ■- • >- ' ?
face of this sltnatldn the en
tire expense of maintaining the > Police
Courts falls^ Upon, the Iclty,. The county
does not pay a cent toward the cost
excent :ln; the item of fees '. ofsftenog
rapherS}< i "who record the • testimony
'at preliminary examination*. On
a general estimate Police Judge Smith
figures that of each $1000 collected in
fines the clerk is compelled to turn
over to the county from $650 to '1700,
leaving only $300 to $350 as the city's
share. The bill that has been drawn
will overcome 1 thld condition by giving
cities of Oakland's class the right to
hold all fines collected in the Police
Courts. Judge Smith, In explaining the
point to-day, said:
The burden of cost of maintain trig th<» polio*
courts falls entirely upon the city of Oakland.
Tha county gets the lion's shara of tha rer»
mie from these courts and tha cit7 foots tha
bills. To my mind It is an anomalous condi
tion that should be corrected. Tha police* paid
by Oakland, raid a disorderly house or a> lot
tery den. Fines are Imposed In tha polios
courts and every dollar must eo to tha county
treasury. The county did not rpend a cent la
tha arrest or (he prosecution fa- such a casa.
Every dollar. of fines should go to. tha city and
I purpose to reframa the law to reaca tha
point.
As conditions exist tha city mast taka
charge of a convicted vagrant. Ha cannot ba
sent to the County Jail to server a- tana of Im
prisonment. Tet If a convicted vagrant shoold
ray a fine that Ona would go to tha oounty
treasury. . ' y.-y ■•• •..•.:'
The bill win be placed In the haoda
of the legislative delegation from thlM
city.
Boxlns at West Oakland.
: OAKLAND, Dec 28.— -The regular
monthly^ amateur boxing show of tha
West Oakland Athletlo Club "takes
place * to-morrow . evening' at tha club
gymnasium. - ; Following Is the card of
events:" Joe Nealson. S. F.- A. CX. v«.
W. Brown of Oakland," at 120 pounds;
Jack Bromfleld of Oakland rs. W.
Kane of Philadelphia; F. Leary of
Oakland vs. Joe Pichard: • • r Kld"
Josephs vs. "Young" Highland, at 115
pounds; "Kid" Dawson arid J. Rlck
ards, at 125 pounds, and Andy Do Ian
vs. W.'McNulty. at 125 pounds.
Report Is Ready.
'; OAKLAND, Dec. 26^r-The.board of
engineers that- examined the Bay
Cities Water Company's project fOT
the city expects to file Its report with
the City Council to-morrow night.
Steamship Drnmetzler Ajrrotind.
NEW YORK. Dec. 26. — The British
steamship Drumetader, . which ..went
ashore on the point , off Fire -Island
bar,, two miles to the west of the, Fire
Island lighthouse, last night, . in a
blinding snowstorm, is ;stiU"f hard
aground. '••'. *
ATlVTraTlSTirirKNTS.. . . ■
SIGH HEADACHE
f — .■ . . " — ~3T~1 PoiritiTely cared by
A k DTT DO tJ » ese Llttle puls#
UMlVI LI\O TlxeyalaQrellCTeDts-
fZSgs tress from Dyspepsia. In-
i^P 1TTLE digestion and Too Heartj
HJ I \f C Q Eating: A perfect reo-
Jrjra ' I V Cb f\ edy for Dltdacs*. Jlansea.
p;| PILLS Drowsiness, Bad Tasta
j^| jsh * tn the Motftn, Ccatcd
Tongue. Pain in the Sldn.
■ iTORnD XiTER. Tneiy
regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable. -',
SMALL PILL SMUL DOSE, SMALL PRICE,
Pi ptcd'cI CUKE SICK HEADACHa.
LAKltKo .:. .a ■■-. •:-'•;■,-
BSittiev • ". Seauine Must.'.Betf-.'.-*
fj IVER. I Fac-Simite Signature
p PILLS. s ".' -^ y \Jm — "" *^MURAL ART WORK
IS ON EXHIBITION
MSTHEWS' PICTURES OT HOPKINS
Decorations for Oakland Public Library
May Be Seen This Week, .
Arthur F. Mathexrs has placed on
exhibition at the Mark Hopkins In
stitute of Art tn-o completed raura'
decsrations and cartoons of eight oth
ers he is executing for the Oakland
public library. Through the courtesy
of the trustees of the Oakland library
Str. iJathews was permitted to exhibit
his work and during the remainder of
the week the decorations will be open
to public inspection without charge.
Mr. Malhews' conception of the pur
prse of the mural decorations for the
library is best set forth in bis own
language- He says:
- Th* frchpme cf decoration for the walls of th»
reading room of the Oakland Library con
trrr.pJates the placing of twelve panel* varying
fcn *ize from ten feet in height by eight feet
*;r inches In width to eleven feet in height by
nine f~t in width. These will be s?en at an
pl^vstion of about seven feet from the floor,
8b-vc tte book i- tacks. In some Instances oc
cupying the ►r»t» between the windows, in
.ethers conforming to the architectural fea
ture* of UiC walls.
Th* room in its general arrangement re
■clven iu»lf Into two apartment*. The deoora
tlot;* for each are treated In separate series,
or." having for Its themr "Nature." the other
"The Art*." The two completed panels ou
»*h!bition are prpliminar>-. and. In a way, ln
trrviuciory to there central Ide&s: th* first rep
r»>s*-niin«: "Sentiment." that spiritual origin
from whicZn the arts have In ail a«es derlred
th»>ir V>eing: and the second. "Achievement."
wherein tfce t^j fueling is materia-liiod. In
the foTnrr are gp»n the sources of inspiration:
<*rti!e nature in its fat~st gruisc: the serene
fcf-autv. purity end nobility of woman: the
htily tn>T?erj- of motherhood: the filial love and
■> eneraf.on of the child in its daw-nlng life and
thr divine spirit which animates and rules all
cr^ate.1 thlnrs. In the second are the practical
rnarlfostatiors of the«e Idealistic qualities as
shown in the art worker.
Tfce rcntlnTiaiion of the themes is presented
in the original «-*rt<v>ri< for th« euccesslv* p«n
+\? Und»r th» !i<ad of ••Nature" are: "The
.P'MI." "Th* Harvest. " "The Mart" and "Th*
ljnaf." rg-h leaaing. bv «rradatlon«. from the
nwl^rial to th« spiritual life of man and find
ing fullest and final rxpressicn in < Th<» Loaf."
with Us breaking of bread sanctified to the
farr'ly. Th' Other s*rifs, "The Arts." follows
w-llh " "Grare." "Force." "!?>nipathv" and
"Rcve«»nc»." A ftna! double panel will com
r!et» the work under the tit>»: 1 "And a I/ttH
< hild FiiaJl Lead Thetn." the cartoon for this
b«in; ck >ct unfinished.
Mr. Mathews has executed the paneia
in " subdued. harmoniously blended
tones. There is none of the poster
harshness that characterizes some of
this work, and, while this Jfe true, his
characters lose none of that strength
that makes such works ideally sym
bolical of the subject chosen.
DROP OF' THREE STORIES
IS "AWFUI, FUNXY"
So Reports Robert Johnston, a Lad
Who Tried It anil Broke
His Jjcz.
Robert Johnston, a nine-year-old
boy residing: at 228 Fell street, added
a sensational chapter to his history
yesterday in falling from the third
story of a new building: at Franklin
street and Hickory avenue and es
caping with his life.
The boy, with other companions of
similar age, undertook to climb a per
pendicular ladder, as thoy had seen
workmen do while erecting the struc
ture. The going: up was successfully
accomplished, but Johnston's descent
was more rapid and sensational..
When found at the bottom the lad
had a broken thijjh bone and a deep
lacerated wound on his head. He told
Dr. C. E. Millar at the Emergency
Hospital, where he was taken to be
fixed up, that it was "awful funny
while he was coming: down."
CALCUTTA. Dec. 2ti.— Prir.e Inyat Yullah.
ten of the Ameer of A'ch&slstan. attended by
» considerable suUp, 1^» arrived here. H«
will pay Viceroy Curzon a ceremonial visit
I<*eetnbtr Z7.
ADVERIlSEMEXm
A CIVIL WAR CAPTAIN'.
- -'
Talks to the I'ofnt.
"Until about two years ago I had
had piles for about thirty years, at
times bleeding and very nalnfuli I got
a fifty-cent box of Pyramid. Pile Cure
at the drug store, and used it and' was
entirely cured: got another box In case
I needed it. and as the piles did not
return In eix months I gave the remedy
to a friend of mine who wanted the
doctor to operate to cure him. My
friend . said he .would .use -the -'pyra-
mids.' but he knew they would do him
no good, but they cured him- of . piles
of twenty-five years 1 standing. I am free
fro«:i r)lle£ to-day, and have been. since,
using Pyramid Pile Cure. I was. Cap-
tain in the Civil War." James Adams,
Soldiers' Home, Cal.
The majority of people labor under
i\ta impression that an operation is
necessary in severe cases of piles, or
hemorrhoidj-', and are very skeptical
regarding the remedial virtues of any
medicinal compound. . Testimony like
the above should certainly have a
tendency to dispel' this impression, al-
though It is odd that such a fallacy
should prevail, and still more odd that
so many people should think an oper-
ation effects a permanent cure, where-
as the contrary is more often the case.
We advise all sufferers from this
painful complaint to buy a fifty-cent
package of Pyramid Pile Cure at any
drug store and try It to-night.
Those interested cannot be too
strongly urged to write Pyramid Drug
Co., Marshall, Mich., for their little
book describing the causes and cure of
Piles, as it contains valuable Informa-
tion, and Is sent free for the asking. .
MURAL DECORATIONS FOR OAK
LAND'S PPBLIC LIBRARY ON
EXHIBITION AT HOPKINS.
POOR CHILDREN
NOT FORGOTTEN
Santa Claus Is Generous
to San Francisco's Less
Fortunate • Little Ones
Between five and six hundred poor
little children were made richly hap
py "last night when they were handed
Christmas gifts by the Volunteers of
America. The Juvcni!" festival. of sur
prises and thankfulness took place in
the basement $ of Pioneer Hall, which
was packed to the doors. Colonel and
Mrs. Duncan and others of the organi
zation assisted Santa Claus to deliver
to the eager little chaps and lassies
the toys which will be cherished by
them until another lik.? season returns.
There were go-carts for the scantily
clad boy, who perchanc* had never be
fore known such kindness; there were
books and firemen's big, red protecting
head gear and fire department trucks
and ever so many other articles which
will assure hours of innocent pleasure
for the recipients.
The girls were presented with great
dolls and medium dolls and small doi'.s
and toy furniture, which came pretty
nearly being the real thing: books
and blackboards and other articles
which would give the child receiving
them. an. Impetus to study.
When all the Christmas gifts had
been distributed there came the presen
tation of boxes of candies and great
luscious California oranges and the eye3
of the children fairly bulged with de
light as they carted all their presents
away from the building to their, in
very many cases, exceedingly humble
homes, ■ .•
; Colonel Duncan and his wife planned
a musical programme as a preface to
the.presentation of gifts, and the good
behavior of the children while the en
tertainment was proceeding spoke
volumes for the little ones, some of
whom are being reared under sad con-
ditions
The Volunteers of America have I
brought joy to numerous souls this i
yuletidc. They have distributed 5000 j
meals, including baskets of foods; and
their proteges at the. Maud Booth Chil
dren's Home, 599 Buena Vista street,' j
have shared In all . the 1 pleasures and j
good fortune to which "numerous of
San Francisco's kindly citizens have'
magnaniniously . contributed; . I
FATHER LAGAN IS LAID •
to itEST ix; holy' cross
Many Friends Attend Funeral. Which
;is. Held From Sacred Heart"
. '. :.■'..- Church. '. '.
• The funeral of the late Rev. Father
Hugh Lagan was he'd yesterday morn
ing from Sacred •Heart Church, Fell
aad~Fillmore_ streets, ...where- he-had
' served the t parish as pastor the last
five' years. Many friends went.' to pay
respect' to the beloved eccle'siast^ and'
the casket was burier beneath a "pro-;
fusion *>f- floral tributes. "Archbishop
Montgomery, who had been a lifelong
friend of. Father La gran, sang a solemn
requiem mass for the repose of the
soul. The interment was in Holy Cross
Cemetery.-"
Father Lagan was a native of
Maghera, County of Derry,; Ireland,
and- was 52 years .of : age. ; He had
Just returned from a trip to his native
land when he • was' stridken" by death.
Coffin's Fall May Prove, Fatal.
. James- Coffin, .laborer, fell on the
sidewalkMn front of.. Techau's Tavern
yesterday, sustaining injuries to his
skull which may- prove fatal. An ex
amination'of his injuries at the Eiher
gency Hospital showed*" that he had
fractured his skull. The man had
been under the influence of liquor at
the time he fell. H!SHU$JB
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, -TUESDAY, DECEMBER 27. 1904.
THE : EMPORIUM; 1 " THE EMPORIUM. " | ~ -THE" EMPORIUM. I ; TH^ .EgMPORIUM. , ■ » THE E3IPOBJUM.
##a#/ PHg® for ' #if a#£jr '-'Things
And 'a Little More \ Than Half for Many Other Things
■;•;'.! These Sales, excepting Groceries and; Liquors, are for the entire week> while quantities last.
Thousands of Holiday A tides reduced ohc-hal! to 'close. "Goods th it are Qg+Qist lf®££t* m fElnti P&t8*$2§$S£$G
shopworn or mussed in displays also cu-. in naif , to in ure^ th^ir immediate
s.Ue. Isn't there something in this list that youwant? : If so; you get it for at manufacturers' Surplus Stocks
le-.st a third less th™ riiZuHr prfcerbrob^blv for^'one-ha-f:.' *;" WRm w €M§Mm r Smmm t w **m%*9 O»«s«»tfj
— • '— '■ : — — n wv €u m m\B mm llg ZmmrnU EJm %2&*2>
Handkerchiefs Soiled in Dispiay^Half Price ,
Ti>e hundreds, of Handkerchiefs that wer'e i.vtlie'bU i t!el l5.\^Vjh i entrance to «^<^^^^^5?Nv EU B *
the rotundar— con-isti:*g of hemstitchec?, embroidered and lace trimmed sheer viit^W-^ " ea^ B&ffl^W^Sk
lawns md linens, worth' regularly. 20: and -25: each, but specially priced by |lp3^ \, SZ^SsP
us at 14; and 16:, will [S| on.S'dje beginning to-day, j TF : g%' £dffl(ti &£2 I ' : •' • • it
while •'qmntitv 1 aj lrilf^tlieir snectil nrice; each \ : , ':. . ; i ..; .**** f^ji f ore rnost \ *g g*f%
m « - ~~~- ■ . - _. - ■ :_■_. 771 | maker shipped \ JPuiJiJ
Many American and European Novelties | us his entire \ m9
Mow One-Third- and -One-Half 'Off 1 s^ o u c n k dr^ f d \ TO
Such as decor ,ied Celluloid Collar an r d Cuff Bjx?. : Toih.t -Sets of comb, bru-h iv..: skirts, at an im- |
and mirror; H^ndkerchiet rirdGlcye S^t>: MusicAl Photo . Album-; E-sel | v .. mense sacrifice, \ (H *m mm f*(Th
Photo Alriims Jewelry Box -s i \ sh\pe of Swiss cqtt Package of Per- | ■ • to be sold before \ 9 TB m
fumery; " Peg^y M Bags: \1 dies' Combination. Pocket -Books; Cigar Cases; t. [/Christmas and a m %mW
etc.. etc. ' ■ . ; -■ ' ,f .-:••■'•• : ' Caiier' Aisle and Rotunda- ." t. \ New Year'?. You |
Pin Cushions, 'Sofa Gusld'phs,'- Glove and M \ 1 n Al^ railo^ k .
Handkerchief r Gases, Price ISi^l^^ 1 wm 7* Exll
Holiday goods in the .it embi-diciervv en r.ment thu we;.e ; . slightly mussed ;: 'i ; ments now at Tess 1
during the Christmis "riisl-; and m ny j hi ill io:s, afelnqw. marke 1 half price =--| ; than' it costs to make \
to close. In h?assorim?nt are. pivttv pin ccihio.n5,toi.et J sets, handkerchief - "p.- them. "A
case , glove c. ses,oper.i bags, work basket-, finished embroidered pillows, : f To make this sal- a \
started cross-stitched. pieces, , stamp., d.linen<. etc., B vt' particularly eventful \
articles originally marked 50c to $10 e>< h, thi< week . Mf&G.KO &&aiU'*# . | ; Jone we haVe included \
"~~ — — — — -; — — ..' ' — ; -— ' n ' everv voile and cloth \
I Aprons Soiied in Display, Half Price • : I : dr u? ski ? in , black ' \
r>..j , . '■ ■ , . ,,"*■■■■•■ -,"<• . £ . vvhite and colors, and \
Did you notice during tne.past few weeks the elabo..ite bower ot aprons in the T ..many walking skirts from \
w m^n's section on the second floo ? I took something like 20 doz^n fc~ our own stock. A number \
aprons to m ike that display, and they got dusty, of course.- But you can afford . / of these skirts are silk-lined. \
to Wji>h and iron them if y u s*ve from 18: to 75; apiece, can't you? Th^ t Bvyiwo sKfris now tor the price \
assortment -^eludes l^rge, comfortable aprons tor mot ;er, fancy ones for /• j f onc * \.
daughter, correct styles for maids and nurses—some of. th; m awns some /'■ J $5.00 to $7.50 Skirt $3.50 ¥ %.
muslin, some Swiss, all sorts of pretty trimmings— beginning this imrn- £ $8.06 to $10.00 Skirts, $5.00 X
ing :nd while qjnn:itv last-; . .:': {Center aisle) [' $12.50 to $16.50 Skirts, $8 50 X
35c to $f.5O Aprons 18c to 75c / $17.50 to $22.50 Skirts, $11.50 \
Bronzes, Ornaments, Vases, Etc., ! Ifi^S®^ig|« X
Half Prtce , t\ J S^t D^^T^!^ arly • . .^^J
Terra Vas?s, Busts, ' Hand Painted Perfecto Vases, D:cora:eJ Opa! Ware. Cuff Boxss, AC '~'S$tP^ ■•-^*,. .*'-«**-
Fiszures and Orn.iments, re2- in delicately tinted and Hk Stands, Bon Bon B:>xes. f:::--;:--- .. ' • :'i^ : ;^&^^
ularlv tt £25.00. this flowered designs, re2Ularl k ' - Ctg»r Stands, G ovc and Hand-
week. • 5OC to $12.50 » 6. 00 to 20.U0; -this -week Urchiet .Boxes, reeuariy 2 ;c to . J|a^^J^-^."^^V-^^#^
Bronze Busts, Vnses, Figures, • • • $3mOO to $10.00 Si.po, this week t3o<>50c "'^J^^^^^
Statues. Ash Trays. Cipar Bisque Figures' Busts. Flower Rc?to-icon* of ths oa M»:er*. art b^^__ -^.^ ' ** ' -^^^ gf*dr% jv i~ wo*—3 r- *±
Stands, etc., regularly 50c Stands, etc.. regularly 25c -/sjj^^^^J^^tjS^ WaiSf &pGCiai ZpZm*B-5 anti fy/m&U
to /3d. 00, this week . . . ._ to : 10.00, this vveek . . . . sJorivHfiS'etc, inVSi of f^co In connection with our skirt sale we have planned an exceptional line of
.... 4ao to &M7.5O ... . . 13c to $si.O 0 t> 3 >co t now Sf.SO to S15.OO values in waists. If you buy a skirt you can certainly use a pretty
j^ 2 m - '' Z waist or two to wear with it. We offer veiling, flannel, mohair, cash-
SSr€MCen©Sm £ m §&BB£€2J s g>—~'£~iM&&£l£}W- V^f^ilffVGSSlSi^ mere ' albatross and silk waists, in many colors and all &*% yv g-
R ,. ,. .......... , • i • sizes, that, were 3.50 and 55.00, for
BuMer- Earaqua.ity hr.cn, in i- ; b. c.rro.v.ejch ... . XQo J; p-ne«e O'f n<!-s-Twadrz;n . 9f»Q ffin eA . Cln - n ... . „, . ■ ,
Old Jud S £ Simon -Packed in a crccic ins dith; can, pcc;.l. . CudihyU E.L Soap -Th:rtv-Kie.i tan $t.O> §>°« 5W tO Olt2.5O AllOVeV LSCC WaiStS — In d*y g^g%
■ ■>•;. ... . . . . . i7c Maine Corn Regular sec (jJaitv, tin f wO manv pretty designs,' special, for %p 0 m%J%M
Fanty L-mon Cove Orarg'i- Large ?n! Port or Sheiry Rrguar :15a qua i'y, Marqu:tt« Rye UhWrv Btte 78o ' ' — " ~" " — ■
■'wee:, b x $2.HO pilion . .. .' . $1**3 rurkt'« Por »r_ D,, c: i . . . *2.15 i MSB U QtTk SZ f**r*F«* m^rf*~, o,^
Cluster Rah:n<«-Fcr table, * lbs. . 25c? Ctda- Run V h sky Pur.-, s *l. . $1.9 5 0:n- B»rc'» O d Tom. faerie . . %9G 0**1 S &*£& . %JT Si M & M§ M 23 ITS
Lard-B st Eat: n, in pail., 3 b. 33;?- C'lb ;Cocktai;s — A sorte-, bott e .. 1 Na-lte Brandy— G=r, u in-, b .t. . Sf»2 i > VBmm~* WAW^ ««. #• ILM~^EM W*—*^-^
5<b 63o; ioib $r.Oj .......... .. . $t 15 Gannxm di '76" F u:e rve whiifey.bot- B WHS WwOeK HaMl ff*nCe
Ca ifornla Cheese- Mil', : Iss. .. 35c Tab e Claret -Good qjat , ga'. . 4.Q0 i tie*. '. . . .85c r- j /• , » • r^ . ,
' ■ - ■ . ■".•,' OJU , . Center Aisle and in Department.
Mysterious Caesar & Co. <^rr^> *** Bik****** T****** A**** Jif^.^
Beginning Wednesday, Dec. 28 J^^ff^ 6*srO- * Many TOyS Are NOW
th? wonderful trunk «^^^^^^^ Marked Half Price \.
fail to s?e thi> remarkable p?rform3nce. ';-.>• ;■;,. j \ " aB 3^l^^cbandest sTORn ' Sec display on Second Floor.
TEACHERS PLAN IMPROVEMENTS X
FOR THE BENEFIT OF PUPlE
Continued From Page, 1, CoIuirin.'Si
M. Coxi' Santa -Rosa; M. - E. Dailey,
San Joee. ' " ' & ' >- v ' ;
There was a good attendance, .when
the council v/asl' called to: order* 5 Sec-'
1 etary McClymonds ! read the; minutes
of the last 'meeting. ;■:''.' • ■' : ',-.•<
The committee' to" prepare -a? manual
on the teaching" of history,, appointed
at the last meeting, reported * through]
D. S. Snedden, the chairman.- ' The re-'
port was a Verbal one. Snedden /stated
that the committee 1 had ufid'er- consid
eration the preparation^ of. , si. "manual,'
but had not m'ade' r much headway." it
was the sense' of "the 'committee 'that:
to make ths study/Interesting" and use-;
ful to" pupils it "should be ; sup'plemeritcd
by other matters, . such 'as 'stories; and'
biographical works. . It was held' (hat
no "teacher can depend entirely on text-'
books' to make the study of ; 'hls.tory r 'iri-|
teresting and profitable. ' 5ir.';Sneddcn
said the committee'. hoped* to, hafye Ifcs.
manual completed^ b'y. the close 'of 'the
preseiit year."' 4 ' ' ' ",rf \
Professor ThQU)P?Q:\. of San ' Diego'
and* Miss Ames of Napa took the '.same
view. of .the matter.as.expressed.in "the
report. Superintendent..' of ?>' Schools.
Langdon of San Francisco v said ■' he
found the use of several supplementary!
books advisable and Professor Linscott
of Santa Cruz thOiight 1 the ".'manual
should ■ state what '•■ historical, books
should be taken up and show the-teach
ers just what -to 'teach. ' • . ■. r ..• '
J. "W.- McClymonds.-ctiaa-man'of-the
committee on proposed, school legisla
tion, reported "for the~ committee. . "^ He
said that the most' fmp'ortant, question
before the teachers* was the proper,' dis-*
trlbution of State funds to counties, and
districts.. Before - any ; increase -was
asked, • he said, there ' should; be some
provision made for its equalization. As
a remedy ' he suggested ' that '.the '; State
money.; should.; be apportioned • to ' the
several counties on the same basis as
the apportlormient of " ' the : 7 county"
money. ■,'■''' t0B£B&SF&&&*
McClymonds . also objected . . to ' the
manner of taking, the school; census'
He v favored: the • abolishment .of, :tha
present; system' and the dte^Hbution' of
the school funds L- on .the- •number', be-;
longing, to. each .school; ...The. press;; t
.'cmsuSMvas declared useless as it con-
tained too many factors of" uncertainty^
; This afternoon SecretaryMcClymond*
stated thut g he : and > probabiy'.aii the
other 'teachers In the State lrad. received
an "' unsigned ' corrimunieiailon ' -from
SacramentoVin "which the*: tin! vefai ties."
of tliei-jstate . were -charged j, with" an at
tempt to 'detetfoV [the 'public 'scbooj isysi
tornH He i' -denounced the ■■' sending 'pi
anonymous.'circula'is. It'^Tvas decided
that : no ; attention' would be" paid; to : the
matter:'.? '•; .» ; "W'V •;• ;■ ■ -.-r 1 ', ■*••'■*'•■. '; i •
• The .■■report', of: the iapr
pointed- to'prepaTe an annual fon.teach-'
irig.fdf geography waif; made : b'jv Frank
A. •: PunkeV, the' chairman. '; : . it: favored
iaYr'sdical^mbdificatiCm of the" tektb'ooW
studyl of *eeoBraphy; - and a v d vocated ' tak
ing.nhe important';, parts |of^ the
stady^anct^xsupplementing /thenii^witti
interesting rdetails'and'.book's.i-'J ■* \, ! \
i .WiJ A.lKixtv.on indorsed. -the- Vjan of,
the committee^" submitted,'- by," Bunlcer, :
Professor* Liriscott; of, Santa"Cniz;'- Sec-'
ictary- McCU ymonds . and lErofessor-Er
lewine.of Sacramento, also indorsed tho
plan. In 'the discussion' that .followed. '!
■ Mtss; Kate Anies. -"cna'trnia'h '■ -'at -the,"
committee on - State teachers'--* reiding
course,:, read-'the report 1 of :th6c6mhilt
tee,ywhlch v outlined a" thorough .course;
of study_ahd jnamed many book's/ This
report"- was indorsed^ by" Professor Jen
kins 1 6t "Stanford,. Miss /Mamie "Coulter,
James I'Davidsdn '• and ,7 Miss ' Margaret;
Schallenberger. ; " v . -." .'.-;■,« j
The ; comniiltee 'on .'"rural schools su-]
pervlslon': reported through •'Heriry-MJ
Eade- Bland/; the* chairman! •• His 'plan
empowered .the* County* Superintendent's
to -employ i' special" /supervisors^ •'of
schools-iii the subject of nianfual;train
ing,^ drawing : and .study.* 'said
supervisors to • receive a ; salafy/of , riot
lens than 51000" nor more" than $1500/ peri
an'riurn s to be paid .out) of , the same fund
as \the '. Superintendents. , It , also' 'em
powered j the Superintendents - to\gfo"up
the various • schools for the purpose of
DR. CHADWICK'S
ARREST CERTAIN
fip'eijiior Odell's Refusal
3to^Grant Extradition Pa
spcii; Causes No Delay
•llALBANY, X..,T., Dec. 56.— Sheriff
Barry^or Cleveland, was refussd an
.cxiradillon warrant for^Dr. ' Leroy S.
!Ch'a<]iyick- at the executive chamber
here'tijiS morning. The ground of re
fusal^ was that hia papers failed to
pr6yej,;that Dr. Chadwicx was In -the
; St«nte' of.-Ohio on March 5, 1903. when
,the. fbrgwy of the signature of Andrew
Cayriegi^ In which he is accused of
ihayjngTbecn concerned, with his wife,
Mrg/iCa^sie L. Chadwlck, is alleged to
hav^.rbe'en committed.
j ;SEW: .YORK. Dec. 26.— sheriff Barry
,oft Cleveland reached New York this
'ofternoph from Albany and went to
ithe. PjO.ffman House, where he will re
•mairiVu'ritll the arrival of the steamship
.'Pjcetoria... which is bringing to this
country. Dr. Leroy S. Chad wick of
Cleveland and his daughter. Miss Mary
Chadwicb. Barry was not at all dis-
" concerted: over his inability to obtain
cJiTradltion papers from Governor Odell
■•whfch : *v)o'uld permit him to take Dr.
CHadwick to Ohio- Said he:,
' "Prosecutor Keeler has already for
•wirded-io me an affidavit giving the
testliAoriy before the. Grand Jury tend
ing ; to" show that Dr. Chac wick was in
"Cuyafioga County, Ohio, on March'5,
19p3,*;upbn which date the alleged crime
vy£s/conimitted< and this affidavit will
making; promotions, the promotions to
be'\made;by the County Board of Edu
cation,'/, the members of which shall
'mkk'e'Uvisits of inspection between
Marqh'.and June of each year and ' for
which' they shall receive riot more than
$156;each:in one year. .
plan provoked considerable com
merilVthat was not favorable. Robert
y Furlong"Mnade a speech indorsing the
;pian.'J%Further. action on ;_ the matter
; went ' over until ; to-morrow.
b<- in my. hands to-morrow morning.
"I am here. on- a sad errand, for I
have known Dr." Chadwlck many years
and our relations have been of the
plcasantest nature. I shall do every
thing In my power to make his trying
situation .as. easy as possible. I an:
especially solicitous that Miss Chad
wlck shall be spared any numlliation.
I understand that some of her relatives
will meet, her upon the. arrival of the
steamship. and^make arrangements for
her future, movement*]*' . ,
TOURNAMENT OF ROSES.
Beautiful. Festival at Pasadena Jan
'A- '-• -.'nary.' 2, 1005.
The slxttt annual tournament of roses will
take rlac* at Pas.idena January 2, 1905. Th*
floral aftra'da tvil! be a macnlflcent one. and
th* proirfttninte. Includes {toman chariot races
and mariV -unique :f>atur*ii.. Seventeen hun
dred <5oll.v« In f»rlzer w»ll begtven away, and
& Joyous Utae t»"a«s>ure.1 for all visitor?. •
'• ■:•' " '• ■ ♦" «'
RECEIVES 'A COFFIN
\\ .\ ASvCIiRISTMAS GIFT
Grewsome ; Present Shipped to Minne-
' ■ V sota Mini 'With Evil
r \'}i'%'- .Wishes. '
DUW^H., . Mlnrt.. > Dec. 26. — E. L.
Naylor'?6f,'JB£midji; Minn.,- received a
grewsbmet Christmas present. It was
a coffin ?aii<J .-'its-. measurements disclose
that it- probably, v.-ould be a perfect fit.
It was -shipped* to'hlm "from' Fergus
■Jfc^-.*:-. : -^':-^':->^ ' -.--r----. -■-■--
■t<3F01t*&-l\;\ GOING*!! GOI^E !!!
tnmttcniimrr. lonem oil untr. naure FoTinncttE. (
NEWBRO'S HERP1CIDE
~ '<'. : :.i:?~"l ThaORtOlVAL rtmUy tUt -kllU th« Dcadroft Oena "
WONT KNOW IT WAS LOADED 0 K^S^.^S5."tS
Mostyounc.«M «Mdle-tr«l m«« n«v«r know dmndnM Microbe: stays tailing h«lr «nd protects
that their sulpt art load«4 with mlcrobk growths the scalp antest nhtftction. A dttlrtitful b«ir
mtB tht kalr has "r»a« off." N«Mr« sratfs h«r «rttsinc- 3»P» ncbtag Instantly. It s Itioim*
w«nn«t« «t i*nirutt. Itchlaf sc«lp ai»4 lilting topuUrtty prove* Its goodness. Savo yow bate
katr tot tfca olscovtry ol Um daaJraff gem Is loo whilt you havt Juir to save.
ini Xfcro. ?1Ja U* 1Dc ttiaot, to KVICtOS CO, D«?t I. Oitntt HJci, fir 1 uwH
r . .ATTIACJLT10VB AT TMOlOJCXWr BAKBCT SHQgg.
Falls, where he formerly resided. Nay
lor does not know whether the coffin
is a Joke or carries a covert threat.
On the outer box was a card on which
was written, "Perishable. Should b^
used at once."
Another card within expressed the
compliments of the season and the
hope that this day would be the re
cipient's last.
New York Life PoUcyholdrn
Should read the analysis of the New Ycrlc
Life financial methods in the current
numbers of, the Era Magazine; 10 ecu.-;.
all news stands. *
Unnecessary DeniaL
MINNEAPOLIS, Dec. 26. — There
wax not the slightest foundation for
the ridiculous story published in cer
tain of the yellow newspapers of the
country this morning to the effect that
a man and woman of a village in
Northern Minnesota had thrown their
babe to wolves that were pursuing
them." This fake is sprang annually
by Irresponsible correspondents and
snapped up eagerly on each occasion
by the gullible section of the pf ess.
A dream of pleasure, the new two far
quarter size American. 32 75 bos 23. *
ST. PETTERSBrnG. Dee. 26.— The Empress
of Russia naa conveyed her perscna] thanks to
Countess Casstni for ?9G5 subscribed through
her for the Russian i:»J Cross.
56
THE'SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRIDCKKJJS ......->.».»» •-« »««>»»«i ♦ Proprietor
ADDRB63 ***- COMMUNICATIONS TO
>ony McarAUGHT >.. - -~ —^.Mtoagw
PCBUCJLTSON OFFICE. .THIRD AND MARKET STREETS. BAN FRANCISCO
TUESPAY.-^.-,...--..-..-^-...-.,... DECEMBER H, HO*
A NEW KIND OF TRUST.
HP HE Smoot case has been directed to the development <?f the
1 moral question involved. Those conducting the side adverse to
the Senator have searched for testimony to prove that the prac
tice of polygamy continues, that plural marriages are se
cretly solemnized, and that the Mormon leaders arc deter
mined that the institution shall not die out, but that it shall be
among the teachings of the church, preserved as a divine revelation,
until th« coming of better days, when its enjoyment can be without
fear ot punishment.
Collateral to this inquiry some success has attended the effort
:o disclose the secret3 of the Endowment House, the private cere
monies of the temple and the oaths which bind the brethren to
gether. In this field the revelations are somewhat startling. The
oaths are fearful in their nature, and invoke upon those who violate
them the severe phj'sical penalty of death by mutilation. In this
part of the investigation it is shown that superstition is used as a
powerful means of subjecting the human will to the control of be
liefs and practices which revolt human reas6n when it is free from a
degrading faith in the supernatural.
The oath of vengeance, which has a high place in these impre
cations, pledges every endowed Mormon to avenge upon this na
tion the martyrdom of the prophets, Joseph and Hyrum Smith. This
path has been called treasonable, but it is doubtful if "it come under
the- constitutional definition that treason shall consist in levying
war upon the United States or giving aid and comfort to its ene
•niies. This requires either an overt act, or, perhaps, the inciting of
• others to an overt act. But, without discussing definitions, such an
oath is incompatible with American citizenship, and should work
the disfranchi?ement of all members of a body which makes it a
part of its secret ritual.
Visitors to Salt Lake City on public occasions will recall the per
fervid professions of loyalty indulged in by the Apostles in their
public addresses in the presence of Gentiles., Oratorical members of
the Smith family, the descendants of Joseph and Hyrum, are the
most prolific of this sort of protestation. They profess to be "the"
Americans, and their elaborate ascriptions to this nation and its in
stitutions prove now to come from lips that have taken a solemn
oath to avenge upon the republic by blood atonement the martyr
dom of the founders of their church polity.
All this has been discovered and suggested by the inquiry into
the continuance of polygamy. But that, while serious, is not the
most serious aspect of the case. We don't know that tjiis can be de
veloped in the present inquiry, though it has been touched upon. The
policy of the Mormon leaders is one conceived in the most subtle
and profound craft. The leadership of the church is a self-perpetuat
ing corporation. It has inherited and enlarged upon the vast plans
formed in the exalted business genius of Brigham Young, along
with his determination to isolate a Mormon State, that, no matter
what its public form, should be a hierarchy the most absolute since
.Israel.
The church is a business corporation for this purpose. Tithing
brings it an income estimated at $1,600,000 per annum. The church
owns street railroads, manufacturing establishments, mines, sugar
mills, stores and all of the active enterprises necessary to community
life. It controls all means of transportation that thread Zion except
the overland roads, and for the sake of peace with the hierarchy
President Smith is made a director in these. The policy of non
intercourse with Gentiles is manifested in a multitude of ways. To
he .a street-car operator, get employment as" a clerk, dig ore in the
church mines or reduce it in a church smelter, be a public school
teacher or get employment as a handicraftsman, it is necessary to
be a Mormon. And even r Mormon public school teacher, street-car
man,. miner, smelter, clerk and craftsman has to pay in tithes to the
church one-tenth of all earnings every year. If the employment of a
Gentile is permitted, no tithes are forthcoming. The public employes
are paid out of the taxes of Mormon and non-Mormon alike, and so
fvery non-Mormon is by compulsion a contributor to the church
tithes. The church is a member of the salt trust, it owns all of the
influential banks, and credit is given grudgingly to the Gentile, and
when extended is liable to be used to his financial undoing. •
In the Smoot investigation it is in proof that the church sends an
order to the public school teachers, prescribing the teaching of the
church doctrines during school hours every day, and that in hun
dreds of public schools, supported by the taxation of Mormons and
non-Mormons alike. Mormon religion is taught daily as a part of the
curriculum. Resort by Gentiles to the judicial courts in issues
affecting their property or other rights is becoming precarious, since
it is evident that his endowment oath of fidelity to the church and
the- brethren nullifies a juror's oath to do justice.
It will be seen that in this system of church control of the secular
property and business of the State is the power to expel by merely
negative resistance the whole Gentile element. Already it is com
plained that Gentiles find getting a living harder and harder, and an
exodus is apparent. When this deliberately planned process has
performed its glacier-like function Zion will be Mormon in its
society, business and government. The dream of Brigham Young
will be realized and the church will be independent. There will be
no conscience but the church conscience, no obligatory oath but that
of the Endowment House, and the freedom of different opinions, the
brightening friction of individual competition and the varieties of
personal opinion and action necessary for civil liberty and indispen
sable to a free state will be unknown. Then the practice of poly
gamy, being punishable only in the courts, will go unpunished by
polygamous juries. The body will be that of an American State, but
the soul will be a pitiless and tyrannical hierarchy.
In such a State will be bred the colonies to "reinforce those that
have already swarmed over Idaho, Wyoming and Arizona, and that
are appearing in Nevada and wherever the money of the United
States is building irrigation plants to make homes. By this radiat
ing process the intermounlain region will fall so far under Mormon
control as to be a cordon of buffer States between Zion and the re
public. To the thoughtful this far-reaching policy, now in opera
tion and moving as inexorably as the forces of nature, is the portcn
lous and appalling aspect in which Mormonism presents itself. With
millions in its hands, the endowment oaths in its heart and profes
sions of loyalty upon its lips, the church is moving forward to a
material conquest that will extirpate every Gentile in its path and
leave it the sole autocrat.
LONDpN'S LATEST FREAK
THE silly season still lingers in London. Recently there made
its first appearance over there a periodical bearing the name
The Brutihtanan," and self-heralded as the advocate of brute
force in the conduct of life's daily round. The editor of the freak
Magazine declares himself to be committed to the revival of floxxins
as puiyshment for petty crimes— public flogging with no distinction
between sexes. Vigorous caning in the schools would, he believes
raise the moral tone of the British race. A general knock-down-ami
drag-out policy pursued by the guardians of the law would serve to
toughen. the stamina and stiffen the mental fiber of King Edward's
people. /
"The Brutilitarian" sees the light about a hundred years too
late. Had it appeared in those good old days of the Georges when
one was hanged, and possibly quartered, for stealing a loaf of bread
or whipped at the cart's tail with bell and candle for casting asper
sions upon the Government, it would have had tremendous* vogue.
Under what the strenuous London editor is pleased to deem the pres
ent painful conditions of neurotic and ultra-humanitarian society,
there seems to be nothing for it but that this gory sheet set up its
presses in King Leopold's domain of the Congo or establish a branch
in the hcad-huntingdistricts of Borneo.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, DECEMBER 27, .1904.
FOR THE SAKE OF TOM
A MOST wonderful and gorgeous
Christmas tree stood In the win
dow of the great store of Warden
& Joyce. All day a constantly
changing throng of small admir
ers exclaimed at Its magnificence and
registered extravagant wishes before
it..
Children richly clad and full of Joy
ous anticipations, children in comfort
less rags who knew Christmas only
by the sight of t the happiness of
others, stood side by side and gazed
with longing: eyes at the bewildering
array of costly gifts and brilliant dec
orations.
A small girl of 12 or 14, with face
unnaturally old and sharp, unsmiling
eyes, critically examined the tree in
silence. Up and down, from side to
side, her keen gaze wandered.
"I bet it's empty at the back," she
finally mutterad, half longingly, half
scornfully.
Poor child! Her brief experience
had already taught her the unreality
and falsity of many glittering things.
She stepped quickly into the vestibule
where she could see that part of the
tree away from the window. A sud
den joy flashed into her face.
"It's true — that tree is true," she
whispered eagerly; "the back is as
good as the lront."
She hesitated an instant and then
raised her clasped hands beseechingly.
"God," she cried, "send me a tree
for Tommy!"
Her intense longing made her voice
sharply Imperative, and the first word
struck harshly on the ear of a richly
dressed young lady who was passing
close to her.
"You mustn't swear, child!" she ex
claimed hurriedly".
"I wasn't swearing," the girl an
swered calmly, without resentment; "I
was praying for a tree for Tommy."
An elegant carriage waited at the
curb, and as the young lady stepped
to the sidewalk the footman threw open
the door. She stood for an instant, as
if thinking, and then, turning quickly,
she went back Into the vestibule where
the child was still standing.
"Will you come with me a minute?
Out of the crowd," she added hastily,
as the girl faced her with surprised
eyes and an unchild-like, repelling look
on her thin face.
"Wil you step into the carriage?
Please do. I want you to tell me some
thing, and it is so very cold — "
The girl seated herself on the luxu
rious cushions, the young lady follow
ed, and the inwardly disgusted footman
closed the door.
"Will you tell me your name and
where you live?" the lady questioned
gently.
The child regarded her earnestly.
"Depends on who you are and what
you want. You ain't a charity worker
nor a elum visitor?"
The young lady smiled understand
ingly.
•'My name is Margaret Stanhope, and
THE SUNNY SIDE OF LIFE
SURE THING.
Lord de Broke — Marrying for money
i3 like — aw— putting yourself in pawn,
dontcherknow.
Count de Bum Bum — How so, old
chap ?
Lord de Broke— You get the money,
but the other party gets you.
IX LAZYVILLE.
Dusty Jones— How would you like to
hev been like that chap Diogenes and
lived in *er tub?
Hungry Joe— None of that there fer
me — too hard work.
Dusty Jones — How's that?
Hungry Joe— That bloomin' tub
wasn't stationary.
ODD IDENTIFICATION.
A man injured in a railroad accident
in England, who died . in a hospital
without recovering consciousness, was
identified by the way he counted ' In
delirium. He "never went beyond the
number of nails in a horse's shoe,. and
the doctors decided that he was a
horseshoer. That led to the discovery
of his name.
When a man always remembers to
post his wife's letters it is a j sign he
can tell whoppers with a "straight
face. .-.-'. . ■".-•■■ "
BY OTHO B. SENG0.
I live on Commonwealth avenue. You
— you spoke of Tommy — "
The girl's face softened.
"Yes, he's my brother. My name is
Maggie Taylor, and I live on Burnham
street," adding with a return of her
Miss SUtnliope gave orie look at
the tall man behind the
chair.
former manner, "but It ain't a slum
street, and I don't want no charity."
Miss Stanhope smiled radiantly.
"But I do, Maggie; I am so glad our
names are the same. I need just what
you- do not — charity. Tell me something
about Tommy." She lingered loving
ly over the name. "Why did you pray
for a tree for him?"
"Because he's sick. He's only twelve,
and he works in an office, and his boss
is away, and Tommy took sick after
he'd gone. Tommy feels sure that if
he was here he'd send his wages to
him just the same, for he's a good boss,
and awfully kind to everybody, but
the other man— hi3 pardner— is differ
ent."
'"Maggie." said Miss Stanhope earn
estly, "I wish you'd help me to have
a happy Christmas. I am all alone
in the world, without any one to care
for me, and I want to do something
for some one — for some one named
Tommy, because — because six months
FROM DIFFERENT STANDPOINTS.
Mrs. Fondman — Mr. Scribbler is a
clever writer, I know, but don't you
think he is rather lax about his per
sonal appearance, dear?
Miss Fondman— Yes: I think he
might come here every night instead
of only three times a week. I'll speak
to him about it, mamma. . .
HE KNEW.
• Teacher— Tommy, what is the differ
ence between. sunlight and gaslight?/
Tommy — I guess you .never had to
pay a gas bill.
FIRST CAMPAIGN EMBLEM
So far as known 'the first campaign
emblem was a finger ring of copper.
It was ; worn by the adherents of John
Quincy Adams in 1825, when he" ran for
President, and was inscribed "John
Quincy Adams, 1825-" Tintypes and
medallions were .among the insignia
of the 1860. campaign.
, The regents of California State Uni
versity/ have- decided to .buy 200 acres
of. land to" "round out" the present' ir
regularly.; shaped ; -< tract .• on which the
Lick observatory now stands.fSB&fi
ago I did a wrong and cruel thing to
some one by that name. It would
help make my Christmas happy If you
would let me arrange a tree for your
Tommy. Will you?"
The girl drew a long breath.
"It ain't charity?" she asked doubt
fully.
"Not to you nor to Tommy," an
swered Miss Stanhope joyously, "but
It will be to me."
"For Tommy's sake," murmured the
girl assentlngly.
"For Tom's sake." echoed Miss
Stanhope tenderly. .
The unbending footman was ' still
more disgusted when he was directed
to make another round of the stores,
and his bearing was absolutely frigid
when he was required to carry a most
unbecoming load of bundles up the
stairs to the little home on Burnham
street. That the indignity of a good
sized tree was laid upon him also re
quired the- concentration of all his
thoughts upon the generous wages
Miss Stanhope paid, to enable him to
endure the present situation.
"I keep house for father and Tom
my," whispered Maggie, leading the
way. "Tommy's in the kitchen. I
left him there in the big chair 'cause
it's warmer. We'll take all these
things in here"— opening the door of
a neat sitting-room— "and when we
get the tree fixed I'll push him in in
the chair."
Surely, never before was a tree so
quickly made to blossom and bring
forth fruit, and it was a "true" tree,
with gifts on every side.
Maggie surveyed it with joyful
pride, her thin face losing its. care
worn loo"k, and becoming almost child
like with the flush of. happy excite
ment.
- "Miss Stanhope." she whispered
positively, "prayers are answered — I
know it now."
"Always In the way he, thinks
best," answered Miss Stanhope earn
estly, adding in her heart. "Lord, I
believe— help thou mine unbelief!"
"I'll bring Tommy in now." Mag
gie said, and went softly out to the
kitchen.
She returned almost Immediately.
"His boss is here/' she exclaimed
excitedly, "he got back yesterday.
Ain't he awfully good to come so soon
to see Tommy? Tommy looks bet
ter already! The boss'll push him in."
They both turned toward the door
as it was opened and a big armchair
with the sick boy in it was pushed
carefully over the threshold.
Miss Stanhope gave one look at the
tall man behind the chair arid started
forward.
"This is Tommy's boss," began
Maggie, mindful of her duties as host
ess, but the greeting of her two guests
quite disconcerted her; for "Tommy's
boss' caught the aristocratic Miss
Stanhope in n close embrace, while
Miss Stanhope cried penitently, "Oh,
Tom. Tom, I have been so sorry, and
I have wanted you so!"
(Copyright. 1904. by Otho B. Senga.)
YOU AND I.
If you and I — Just you and I —
Should laugh instead of worry;
If we should grow — just you and I —
Kinder and sweeter-hearted;
Perhaps in some near by and by
A good time might get started.
Then what a happy world 'twould be
For you and me — for you and me!
Speak gently; 'tis a little thing
Drop'd in the heart's deep well;
The good, the joy, that It may bring:.
Eternity shall tell.
— Pittsburg Press.
MARKTWAIN'S "BEQUEST"
Mark Twain contributes to the
Christmas number of Harper's Weekly
a short story written in the vein of his
old-time humor. The story is. called
"The $30,000 Bequest" and tells of the
dreams and airicastles of a young
couple who believe they are about to
come Into a fortune. The manner In
■which they assume control of their im
aginary inheritance ($30,000 at the
start) and by a series of splendid in
vestments , quickly develop it into an
amazingly large fortune, until the
bubble finally bursts just when they
are about to become rivals of the
world's greatest financiers, is told in
Mark Twain's best humorous style.
The story is illustrated with pictures
in color and tint by Peter Newell.
A FABLE.
The Wealthy Patient was in a
Quandary.
"The Fee of the eminent Surgeon
will be $1 99 more than I have in the
Bank. If, however, I Die, the Emi
nent Lawyer will take $1 99 more
than I Leave. Which shall it be?"
While he was still debating a
Plumber repaired a Leak on the Third
Floor and received the Whole Estate."
Moral: When between the Devil
and the Deep Sea, a Third Party may
get you. — Harper's Bazar.
KANSAS, PHILOSOPHY.
It takes a confiding disposition to feel
confidence in a man who wears an
overcoat trimmed with fur.
The Keep Up Society is a new one.
The members claim that they are keep
ing up, though they should really be
in bed.
The rich who can afford hose, shoes
and rubbers, are walking barefoot in
the snow, taking the Kneipp cure.
The people who are so poor their toes
are out shouldn't envy the rich so
much. No poor man ever had to try
the Kneipp cure. — Atchlson (Kans.)
Globe.
MOISTURE IN TOBACCO.
The presence^of moisture in tobacco
is, the Lancet believes, of some im
portance to public health, since the
combustion of tobacco containing a
large proportion of moisture is impeded,
while, as the generation of vapor is
increased, so are* the chances of the
poisonous principle being carried into
the mouth.
; Obeying the instinct of self-preser
vation, a toreador, named Monterito at
Montlucon, Spain, leaped over the bar
rier of the bullring to escape a sav
age bull and at once cut his throat
with a razor, as he knew he. would
be cal led a coward . .
Townsend's California Glace fruits in
artistic flre : etched boxes.'- 715 Market st
and Wakelee's Drug Store. •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping? Bureau (Allen's). 30 Call
fornia street. Telephone Wain 1042. •
*THE SMART SET*
BY SALLY SHARP.
To-night the men and maids and the
stunning matrons of the Assembly will
fare forth in the full panoply of glee
and gladsome ttfgs. And a merry
Christmas dance will be on, fraught
with the spontaneity of yuletida fun.
Who's going? "Who isn't?" would
be easier answered. All the declara
tions of the debutantes have been In
favor of attendance— and a reasonably
early attendance. So have the belles,
and as for the men— bless them!— they
are always at the beck of the assem
bly's charming patronesses, led by Mrs.
Alfred Hunter Voorhies.
At recent dances the feminine contin
gent began to arrive close to the witch
ing hour of midnight. Now. there may
be some diminutive defense for this.
In that many .dinners are given before
the dances. But Is It kind to the
hostesses, or to those whose sense of
propriety led them to come at a reas
onable hour?
These habitual late arrivals begin to
look as If the supper was the thing—
not the dance. So much has the mat
ter been discussed of late— particularly
since the Martin ball at the St. Frances
— that a reform is promised to-night.
And blessings on the maids who will
arrive in time to save the patronesses
from suffering from ennui! It's so
stupid to bid welcome to a few strag
gling guests. Likewise it is a frappe
for the guests who arrive in good time.
Men and maids, come early! that the
music from behind the palms be not
wasted on the deserted air.
The Army Card Club will not meet
to-day, but deferred for a week, con
vening next Tuesday. This congenial
gathering seldom allows a meeting day
to pass, but In view of the holidays,
an exceDtion enters. General and Mrs.
Coalidge are the organizers and few
social clubs have enjoyed the continued
pleasure surrounding »this club since
its origin.
Mrs. George Pinckard of San Ra
fael will give a tea in the palm gar
den. Palace Hotel, to-morrow after
noon from 4 to 6.
Miss Marie Voorhies and Captain
Young were guests of honor at a din
ner _gi ven last evening by Mr. and Mrs.
Francis J. Sullivan.
An early wedding of the New Year
will be that of Miss Lolita McConnell
and Robert Stockdale Grayrigge. The
ceremony is to be performed by Rev.
Mr. Evans in Grace Church at 3 p. m.
The bride is the daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Chalmers Newton-McConnell and
is an extremely fair maid. Mr. Gray
rigge. son of Mrs. Wilfred B. Chap
man and grandson of Mrs. Robert
Sherwood, makes his home in Eng
land and after a wedding Journey
through California Mr. and Mrs. Gray
rigge will sail for the European con
tinent.
Several Presidio officers entertained
MIRROR OF DAME FASHION
A Smart Bodice of White Mcssaline Silk, Trimmed With
Bands of Shirring* and Puffs. The V '-front Is of White
Embroidered Monsseline. The Girdle Is Light Green Velvet,.
With White Satin Ribbon Boies.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
CAMPFIRES — Inquirer, Watson
ville. Cal. The old book called "Camp
fires of the Revolution" was written
by H. C. Watson.
MECHANICAL ARTS — Subscriber,
City. Outside of San Francisco me
chanical arts are taught in the Me
chanical Arts School of Pasadena.
GUNS— A. C. R;, City. The reports
of guns recently heard by residents at
5:35. 6:25, 6:35 and 6:40 a. m. are from
! practice with the ordnance" at the vari
ous batteries guarding the entrance to
the bay.
THE PRESIDENTIAL VOTE.— >J.
O., Camp McKinley, Honolulu. H. 1.
The total vote cast for Roosevelt elee*
~°fi™-*L th ™ N ,° Vember 'lotion was
.,6- 4,06*. That expresses the popular
at supper on Christinas eve. In gpit*
of the hop the evening: previous aivj
the costume ball, many guests went td
the arroy post from town. Thes*,
with the military contingent, mad*
merry gatherings fitted for tha wel«
coming of Kris Kringle.
Mr. and Mrs. Jay Lombard win ar»
rive from Portland to-day. Mrs. Lorn,
bard was Polly Tongue, a daughter o|
the late Congressman Tongue, and hea
marriage with Mr. Lombard tooli
place in Portland last Sunday.
Howard Malcolm Tlcknor. the em«
inent art. dramatic and musical crtti^
lately arrived from Boston, has es
tablished himself In San Francisco
and is one of the faculty of the Jenria
Morrow Long Collegs .of Voice an-J
Action. Mr. Tlcknor has been enter*
talned by tha Sequoia and Papyrus
clubs and will be th© guest of othej
prominent clubs during the winter.
Captain and Mrs. Hayden of th*
Presidio will sail on the Thomas next
Saturday for the Philippines.
Mrs. Whittell and Miss Florence;
Whittell aro spending the holiday tea
son In Santa Barbara.
Lieutenant George C Rockwell,
Tenth Infantry, will leave San Fran«
clsco for his new station. Fort Wright,
Wash., on January 21.
Mrs. "William Lange Is preparing to
leave soon for a European trip. Iq
London she will be the guest of he»
brother, William Gelselman.
Miss Margaret Sinclair ta residing it
the Pleasanton.
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. Frederick Knight hav*
taken a residence at 2555 Scott street.
Miss Florence Aiken has returned
from Seattle, where she has been visit
ing: for a month.
>
Rev. and Mrs. William Outhberf
(Maud Simpson) sail to-morrow tot
their new home In Kioto, Japan.
Mrs. Eugene Freeman and Miss Maud!
Payne will be "at home" every Friday
In February, 2119 Broadway.
A Christmas party ts being enter
tained at Rowardennan by Mr. and
Mrs. William G. Dodge. All the sea
son's Joys have been provided. Includ
ing a dance on Christmas eve and a
tree on the following morning.
Mr. and Mrs. James R. McCraker of
Portland will arrive in San Francisco
to-day, en route for Southern Califor
nia.
Mrs. John I. Sabln. witn M13S Pearl
Sabln and Miss Irene Sabln, will re
tain second Tuesdays for their recep
tion day, 232S California street.
vote. Such vote for McKinley In 1900
was 7.207.923. Roosevelt has 33S
electoral votes and Parker 140. In
1900 McKinley had 292 and Bryan
loo. No other successful candidate
for the Presidency ever received such
a hijrh electoral vote as did Roosevelt.
COMMUNITY PROPERTY— A. C.
Sacramento. Cal. There is one section
of the Civil Code of California in rela
tion to community property which an
swers the question asked, and it is:
"The husband has the management
and control of the community property
with the like absolute power of dispo
sition other than testamentary, as Ti<j
has of hla separate estate; provided,
however, that he cannot make a girt
of such community property or convey
the same without a valuable consider
ation unless the wife in writing con
sents there to."i;~~rv:. "?:zr^;;d^>' tSj For Infants and Children.
A . ; .. n — ■ . , • : 1 niiiciyw duuriii
I ANcgetaulePreparationforAs- M # w
siinilatingtlvcFoodandficguIa- l*fy M
ling Ih? Stomachs and Bowels oT !S Wv& 0
Promotes Di^cslion.Cheerfr.r- 3 ■ • M mj l&H
nessandRest.Contaii>snenher Wl r m It * If
Opium.Morpliip.e normieral. WL 01 # CV \T
>ot "Narcotic. i ?B» . #l\\%'Ri
JiKVtifGlJtirSAMVILPtTCmR $1 - \#\^
, ■ Aslv . W - 1 A llTl \ 111
/hfjemwue - i a n » It tt I El
®%*~=-J 1/rtJ. lop
I Aperfecl Remedy for Constipa- | M (V UOU
jTlon.SourStomach.Diarrhoca m I \kV
y Worms .Convulsions .Fcs-erish- m I |r^ P !!■■#%■*
ji ness and Loss of Sleep, ja V/* rOl uVBl
| FacSutilc Sifnelure or *j
| c&xrf4&&£». In Thirtu Yoorc
y ew vpm. i ininy icaio
FROST FEARED
IN THE SOUTH
Citrus Fruit Growers Are
Warned by Weather Man
to Expect a Cold Snap
PpeciaJ IMsi>a.tch to Th« Call
LOS ANGELES, Dec 26.—Anticipat
ing the coldest night of the season and
having been warned to expect a kill
ing fro?t to-morrow morning citrus
fruit growers throughout Southern Cal
ifornia are to-night taking every pre
caution to protect their orchards. Fires
such as will produce a heavy smudge
were lighted through the Pomona dis
trict. In Ontario and about Riverside
and Saji Barnardino for the first time
this season tourists arriving upon late
overland trains reported a general il
lumination in the orange belt.
. The warning was given early and to
night -was followed by a special urgent
warning from the district forecaster's
office of the Weather Bureau in San
.Francisco.
Coming at this time, a severe frost
would mean incalculable damage to the
r»range industry. The great mass of the
season's crop is etill upon the trees and
picking is in progress.
D«*aih ot General Powell
BETLLEVILLE. 111., Dec. 26. — Major
General William Henry Powell, a dis
tinguished soldier of the Union army
during the Civil War and formerly
prominent in the Iron industry, died
at hie home her<» to-day, aged 79 years.
HOIilDAYS AT PASO ROBLES.
Only $7.20 for the Round Trip.
'• XT%ioe\-er tpen^f th« holiday season at Paso
Robles may b« «ure of enjoying every moment.
Kin* diiv«s tln.iugli lovely country, hot mud
,r1 other tninera.1 bathe, unsurpassed service
an& cuisine at Hotel El Ptw de noble*, and
brigtt «un»«bin^ and frenh. invigora.ting moun
tain air. The round-trip rate of J7.30 from San
Frattriaeo afforflF a eplendid chance for a fine
hr>llda.y trip. Ask Southern Pacific agents. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SORE AND BLEEDING GUMS
Soft and spongy gums are made healthy
by the mildly alkaline and astringent prop-
erties of SOZODONT. It is the mosf
fragrant deodorizer and antiseptic dentifrioe
known to th« world.
SOZODONT
TOOTH POWDER
the complement of SOZODONT Liquid, has
abrasive properties, yet is absolutely free
trom grit and acid. It will not tarnish gold
fillings cr scratch the enameL
t FORMS: LIQUID. POWDER, PASTE.
Once a Year
During ti.f season of feasting and good
cbwr the laundry question presents prob-
lems Tor the economist that "good will"
will not Bolve..
■The only sane solution is our meth-
1 <•■:* — our cleansing. Ironing, polishing.
delivering — methods that add to the life
of your linen and decrease the wrinkles
in your brow.
t Phon«« South *20 makes thenuyours to
command.
UNITEDSTATESLAUNDRY
1004 XABZET STREET.
Telephone South 480.
POSTMASTERS
OVER-MARRIED
Six Cases of Polygamy in
Idaho Found Among* the
Officials of Government
Special Diexmtcb to The Call.
CALL BUREAU. POST BUILDING,
WASHINGTON, Dec. 26. — In response
to a resolution introduced by Senator
Dubois of Idaho and passed by the
Senate, Postmaster General Wynne
has made an investigation of the post
masters of Idaho to learn if there are
any polygamists among them. He has
found a half dozen Federal postmas
ters in that State living with plu
ral wives. His report on the case was
completed to-day and turned over to
the President, who wished to examine
it before sending it to the Senate. Not
all of the Mormon postmasters are
polygamists.
Whether President Roosevelt in
tends to remove the polygamous post
masters has not been disclosed, but it
is believed some official action of this
character will be taken now that the
fact has been brought to his attention.
As for the violation of the law, thai is
a matter to be dealt with by the State
authorities. It is entirely -within the
power of the President, however, to
remove Government officials for such
cause.
Wynne's investigation showed that
some of the polygamous Mormons
holding office in Idaho took plural
wives before the Edmunds law was
passed and the Woodruff manifesto
prohibiting polygamy. How many of
them entered into plural marriages af
ter the Edmunds law was enacted has
not been ascertained, but if anything
Is done at all it is probable that all
will be treated alike.
JEALOUS RAGE LEADS
TO A DOUBLE TRAGEDY
Colorado 31an Shoots Woman, to
Whom He Was Engaged,
and Himself.
LEADVILL.E. Colo., Dec. 26. — As a
result of the jealous rage of Patrick
Brennan. both he and Mrs. Kate Low
ney are dying in a hospital in this city.
Brennan was boarding with Mrs.Low
ney at the latter's boarding-house in
Stimptown, three miles from this city.
The couple were engaged to be mar
ried. Brennan had been on a spree,
and, after quarreling with the woman,
smashed the dishes and furniture.
Later Mrs. Lowney and her children
went to a neighbor's, where a party
was in progress. Brennan came in
and shot Mrs. Lowney twice, inflict
ing what is thought to be fatal in
juries. He then shot himself. Bren
nan came here from Butte.
CIlAPEIi OF SAIIXIRS' HOME
AT STATEN ISLAND BURXED
Estimated That the Loss Will Amount
to $75,000 — Old Sailors Fight
the Flames.
NEW YORK. Dec. 26. — The beau
tiful chapel at the Sailors' Snug: Har
bor, a home *for indlgrent seamen at
New Brighton, Staten Island, was ruin
ed by fire to-day. The' loss will reach
$75,000. The chapel was a replica of
St. Paul's, London, and it contained
one of the finest and most expensive
organs in the United States. The
chapel was a mass of flame when the
800 old sailors in the Snug Harbor
were Aimmoned to fight the fire. They
responded to a man, some fainting
from overexertion.
MORE COAIj I/AND SECURED
BY THE STEEL COMBINE
GREEXSBURG, Pa., Dec. 26. — The
purchase by the H. C. Frick Company
of 1000 acres of Connellsville coking
and coal land has just been confirmed.
The Frick .Company is a subsidiary
company of the United States Steel
Corporation and the property bought
is said to be the last piece of coal
land held by private individuals in the
Connellsville region. The property lies
near Uniontown. Pa., and the price
uaid la said to have been Jl, 000,000.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL'. TUESDAY. DECEMBER 27, 1904
DAISY LEITER
NOW COUNTESS
OF SUFFOLK
Joined in Marriage to
the English Noble
\ man.
SISTER OF LADY CURZOX. WHO
YESTERDAY BECAME BRIDD OF
EARL. OF SUFFOLK.
Epecial Dispatch to The Call,
CALL BUREAU. POST BUILDING,
WASHINGTON', Dec. .26. — Miss Mar
guerite Hdye Leiter, popularly known
as "Daisy," the youngest and only un
married daughter of the late Levi Z.
Leiter, was married to-day at noon
to Henry Mollneaux Page Howard,
nineteenth Earl of Suffolk and Berk
shire. Miss Leiter is the third daugh
ter'of the house to contract a marriage
with a noble family of England. Her
eldest sister, who was Miss Mary, mar
ried Lord Curzbn, Viceroy of India.
Her other sister, Miss Nancy, married
Major Colin Campbell, a cousin of the
Duke of Argyle, on November 29 last.
While to-day's wedding was ex
tremely quiet, it lacked none of the
glamour of music, lights and flowers.
The stately drawing-room, library and
dining-room of the Leiter mansion
were fragrant with delicate white blos
soms, which were banked against a
background of smilax and palms,
while the suggestion of the Christmas
season waa given by the holly and bril
liant poinsettia that adorned the din
ing-room. ■ *
While the strains of a string or
chestra sounded sweetly through the
house, the silken rustle of the bridal
gown proclaimed the approach of the
bride. Long known as one of the
beauties of the capital, Miss Leiter
never looked lovelier^ than to-day in
her soft clinging gown of Hbertin
satin, veiled with exquisite point dc
Vcnise lace, over which fell her tulle
veil, held In place by a tiara of dia
monds. This tiara is one of the hand
somest jewels of a rare collection of
family heirlooms which the Earl pre
sented to his bride. A long rope of
pearls, the favorite Jewel of the bride
and which was the gift of her mother,
was worn around her throat. She car
ried a graceful loose cluster of white
orchids and roses.
Escorted by her brother, Joseph
Leiter. she approached the window re
cess where the Earl and his best man,
Lionel Guest, a son of Lord Winborn
of England, awaited her. The Rev.
Dr. Roland Cotton Smith, rector of
St. John's Church, which the family
attends, performed the ceremony ac
cording to the Episcopal ritual.
Mrs. Leiter. Mrs. Colin Campbell,
Lady Nina Howard, a sister of the
Earl, .who has been with him since
his arrival in this country, were the
only other persons to witness the cere
mony.
After the ceremony the party, re
paired to the dining-room, where a
wedding breakfast was served. The
Earl and Countess of Suffolk left
Washington late in the afternoon for
New York and will sail on Wednesday
for England, probably having for their
companions Major and Mrs. Campbell.
The Earl will take his bride to Charl
ton Park, his country seat, at Maimes
bury, in Wiltshire. It is said to com
prise 10,000 acres and Is rich in Iils
torical memories.
Free Exhibition.
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art. Mural
paintings for Oakland Library by A. F. Math
ewa. This week. Open daily. 9 till 5." • •
TELLS STORY OF BEING ROBBED.—
Lewis Straub, a 16-year-old boy. living at 26t4
Lengton street, reported to the police last
night that he had been held up and robbed on
Jessie street near the Mint by a white man
and a colored man. He says the negro placed
a eun to his head while the white man took
bis watch and coin. Straub' s story is not
believed by the police. j • ■
Fall hats, 1904. just arrived, nobbier
than ever. Tom Dillon & Co., opp Palace.*
STEALS VALUABLE PISTOL.^— Louis
Vager was arrested yesterday by Detectives
O'Dea and Mulcahey and booked at the City
Prison on a charge of petty larceny. About
two week* ago a valuable pistol was stolen
from 527 Pacific street and the police, after a
diligent search, found It in a pawn shop.
Vas«r was " identified an the man who sold it!
A dream of pleasure, the- new two for
quarter American. J2 75 box 25. •-"'•>
The blooming idiot is always in sea
son. .
PRAGERS __JI PRAGERS | PRAGERS , | PAGERS
The Lyric Tenor, Wonderful Price Reductions Throughout Our Store There win Be
Mr. James H. Sadler, r/ ■ nf M/nmpn'c «2S^ = "Something Doing"
for many seasons the leading attrac- LlCdrdlJCe 0/ VVOluCn S At Prnn^
tionof West's Minstrels, will render ClnaU* 3nH ' /JT^SP ai rragers
a fine programme of the latest pop- WlUdA^ dUU OUlib fl^3F T^, F%
ular songs this afternoon and every (Second Floor) /^^^Sv H (S m sL&ifSw
afternoon this week at 2, 3 and 4 Thisis'a continuation' of the - jK *^**/
°' clock - remarkable values offered at the y,*-| y\\
C \o nf Rf £r C A C learance Sale inaugurated sev- P^IJF/ Don't Miss It.
O3I€ OT DldCK UOOQS eral weeks ago. Every woman 1 An^K «/» ..
(Mam Floor) has a chance to outfit herself at W^tl Quality UYOCeneS
on^ESi^ti^t exceptionally small prices. JM\ * and UqUOK
very latest product of the best New Silk Shirt Waist Suits JW I ><Ji (Fourth Floor)
mills in the country. These arc all new spring 1905 models; /| I '\ % c . , . _ '
Black Sicilian— Extra wide and with a they are pleated and have fancy collars and /7/M \ »^m Specials for 1 uesday and Wednes-
very bright finish; just the thing for ties, and new leg of mutton sleeves; skirt l/M1:i V> • ' v\ day only,
street wear. It is 54 inches In >O^ i« marie T7-ynre nleated and kilted and CffJf£M : J vk \V VSk
Jffit sS a r..! 5 ?.. a .. yai : d 58C W /)
Black Broadcloth— 5 6 Inches wide; aver, 8 reen - Worth $18.50; spe- tfjO Cfl C^*-SSJiL--«yP Swtai €&••■•— Best imported: Ementhal:
fine quality material, with a /\ O c»al clearance price. »//lfc»*/V -^^wTrrL— J id- • ••- • •-• •• -•- -»e
very soft finish; splendid value */£)£ Mince Meat-Armours or "Nonesunh :
at $125 a yard: to-day •VC condensed; 3 packages 25c
m l cii" " a Jewelry, Clocks and Silverware »ai«ui«— seeded; lib. packages; 3 P ack-
DiaCK DllKS fsg&%%Z\ Wi (Main Floor) Btnffod 'p'ltoa* * Beat *Fard : 'ntiiffcd * with
5i.c a yard value-19-inch Black Taffeta; WSm I » There ™™™™**I™.JI™&£? Christmas & ' PrlSS nuts: paclCage "' - :: - ' • ' '"*'
sjiecial : 45e ' W» #-''W X n sale of goods Imported speciall> lor Christmas. Fries plum Pn ddln?— Gordon & Dillworth 1 .*; I-
69c a yard value-22-lnch Black Taffeta; A tj-tf, \ \ \ S£,S (raoSSi^with finest Gilbert movement and fully t^J^S^L^^iA '^££ UViio I %l C
rain
specml oOe "tA fij Ul \i „„,- «.>f>fiil in iliv nnlv J>1 m t J K.illon M.ItS
75c a yard value-19-inch Black Peau de j To^ set^ConsIstlng of 'comb." haYr brush.' mirror and WMrtey— Old McBrayer; gallon. S.'I.JJ".;
SBf^yaXva^^illnchBiack-pea? 5^ \1 D>M ffe JrTafJw itlhTftYt silver " plated ™ C .$U.5O Ro^^i'iiii^BouieV.V.-.: I" WR
Sole; special... 70c 5; PTHl Tea Sets— Quadruple plated. 'in bright satin and French Zinfandel and Sauterne— Dinner wines;
gtypft f SSm^fg i n o. & .^ h^° th T U . UtU }. 6ea^ a ': $25.00 r£?£l 'i^mi^^idy for^
Colored Broadcloths — 45 inches wide; in J Wu • ! Trays — A novelty in ash and pin trays. There are beau- bottle J»e
Kreen. navy, brown and cardinal: just j JJJ.'fbJV * tiful patterns "in silver, bronze and other metals. c(\ r „_ Whiskey — did Government: bottle. . , ,»o
the material for women's and "T/> \ SiMf s ■; a great variety to select from. From JVC Up Port or Sherry — \ ery old: gallon. . S 1 .OO
children's suits. Regular $1.00 lyC iO i^^^C^ Ti- Tooth Brush Hoiaer«— Made in pretty, neat designs. Uf\ r Apricot Brandy— After-dinner cordial;
value; special at : " ~ S>km= M~- ' with sterling silver tops. Special at "wt bottle SoC
After Christmas Sale of Chinaware \ Pictures and Frames Women's Handkerchiefs and Fancy Goods
(Third Floor) (Third Floor) (Main Floor)
_ _ i:~C' * - , t> x • • Some great holiday- week bargains Initial Handkerchief s — Made of pure Linen; they
Fancy Decorated China Oriental Busts — Imitation ; n p, n , r M m ,-iti« ttnrnt WnnH and have a narrow hemstitched border, and in one corner
French Bronze Fieures Bric-a- *% C ftf f\£t \ f P £™y Ue % «? ' °^ :• Is a small initial; they come folded in a pretty -7 jr^,
rrencn oronze rigures, erica IE CJE^ # l« L eat i ier Goods, Table Decorations fancy box; worth $1.00 a box of 6; special at /*)/•
Brac ' ctc Vl1 and Pictures for the Home. • - • * ** K
Cups and^Saucers-Limoges China; these Caps and = has' 'lace^nsertTon 1 !
Saucers arrived too late for the Christmas busi- millinery Lleatance , worth 10c; Sc each or r>Oo a dozen.
ness, and therefore we offer them at one-half (Second Floor) Bibbons — 5-lnch Silk Ribbon in plainand fancy 4 f\
price. They were bought to sell at $5.00 a -f Q- Untrimmed Pelt Shapes-Nearly all of SE&"* 8 ; »" *£ Our 2oc ' 3oC and °° C a yard l"C
j /-1 c 1 t> • v ff *Fr these shapes are black; only a few are KiDuons. on saie
dozen; our Clearance Sale Price 1 •t in colors There Is an assortment of Mesh Veils— With Chenille Borders; these Veils «%_
»« /,, . mt. -r»« m o c j /-« ' pvprv stvle shaDe worn this r* *\ are l'i yards long; worth 75c; special at.... J S^
All-China Three-Piece Tea Sets, Sugar and Cream selson Values $1 50*1 76 and Sf)/» •* •/ 1
Sets, Fancy Decorated China Tea and Chocolate 52OO To be cleaned out at... *' V * Top Collars — Made of daintily embroidered jr
Pots, Fancy Decorated Salad and Fruit Bowls, Beady-to-Wears— Only one or two QO luwn; worth 10c; special at JQ
Decorated Fancy Shape Jugs, Cracker Jars, Cel- g **£%} '«: JJ^aflt™ k ? d sOC T^^LiU^- ' Xi^Hdate oi pure -silk Peau *de A c_
ery Tray?, Fancy Decorated Cake \A f|£C Trimming Pom Pons. Breasts, Quills. Soie; only the best colors and black; worth ijC
Plates /4 i/II etc., at 10c and 15c 25c; special at
Clothes That the Boy Would Like to Wear 4J{% Stationery and Toilet Novelties
Corduroy Knee TrouserT-lnTroln and gray; sizes I M H| 't^'^i' ti% 0^^ 01191 ' 7 ''^ *° 1 '
Iffy..^":^^.!?!.!?^."?..^^^ 2feP* ►Hlf l/p tit£lli^Sk n H5 ;:
Sults--Two-picce Suits, made of a good quality of fi&\T J^ / * 50c box Scotch Weave ........................ .^'r,i'
Tweeds and marked to sell at $3.50; ages 8 to 15 IH j\L\Yj3nT*S REIJABLE Pearl Pen Holders — Wo»th $1.00; now T»Oc
years; special at .S-..1O Vg / mMAr^ r y W^ m , fai/j-^ *>•*•* ' Ink Wells — Worth 33c and 50c; now 'Z7%v.
Sweaters — Made of the very best German yarn mid la; MA 12H F Tavd (*/fjAfrA% iS7I% t Scissors — Worth 50c and 75e; special at ::.'»«•
bought to sell for $1.25; special to-day and Wed- y MTM+*M*Mua*M*=-*- v#v/»*rv **#%^ Perfume Atomizers — Worth from 50c to $1.50 at one-
nesday only •- 95c — half price.
, AaiUSEaLEXTS.,
A T f*i A f*T A T\ Belasco i Mayer,
ALCAZAR
G«n«ral Manager,
TO-NIGHT — Mats. Sat. and Sun.
Magnificent Production of Kicliard MansHMd's
Version of. the Delightful Romantic riay.
OLD HEIDELBERG
The Quaint German Student Songs by a
Triple Male Quartet.
NO ADVANCE IN PRICES!
TELEGRAM FROM THE OWNERS.
New York, Dec. 20.— Belaoco & Mayer: You
havo rights Old Heidelberg: San J£»»vm£
Any other announcements unauthorized. >\ tun-
inS 1 ' . BHUBERT BROS.
Commencing New Year Matinee,
Joseph Arthur's LOST RIVER
Market street, near 8th. Phone South f.33.
Excitement in Plenty. Nineteen Curtain Call*,
on the Fourth Act.
TO-NIGHT ALL THIS WEEK— MATINEES
SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Greatest Sensation Ever Seen on a Stage.
THE HEART OF CHICAGO
A Melodrama Full of Heart-Stirring Emotions
and Thrllle.
The Full-Sized Ijocomotlve. Tht» Drawbridge.
The Burning of Chicago. The Murder on the
Roof Garden.
PRICES.. Eve., 10c to 50c: Mats.. 10c. 15c, 25c
NEXT— CHILD SLAVES OF NEW YORK.
, CALIFORNIA %
I ALL THIS WEEK |
James A. ■ Herne's Greatest- of All 8
American Pastoral Comedies, £3
SHORE ACRES §
9 With its powerful cast of the original S
■■ favorites. Including .Tames A. Gallo- ■■
I way, Atkins Lawrence. Belle Thea- |
dore', II. P. Whittemore, Jame» Bur- |
rows, Herbert Flanbure and others^ I
Buy your seats early for New Year's |
<4 Y0N YONSON" I
iHTsTaSiDGE^r^
II MERCHANT TAILORS,
<l , BEMOVED TO
% 112 Sut,t>er SLreat..
li SAN PBANCISCO. ■
.« Novelties in Imported Wear.
/^^v Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
JLm,*t>Jz?i <>-^ KEABNT ST. Established
liMr^^l 11 1*»54 for the treatment of I'livnte
EB Jjl ifflw DixfHnes.. I.rnt Manhood. Debility or
SnSSMsnritspflSH wearinnon t>ody and niliul nntl
fcV^wSSiffiiSkln Dinexses. The Doctoretin^when
%^2B^SSiothers full. Try him. CharRcs low.
S!sBHHH<'u>*r<> Brnariiiitrrd. Call or write.
Hr. J. F. 6IBBOK. Kan Frai-oisro. Cal '
DIKEGTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOuisES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
LEAKY BOOFS AND SKYLIGHTS.
All kinds repaired. Globe Sheet Metal Works,
1176-1178 Mission st. ; Phone Main 1 5461.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS: LEONARD & ELLIS,
418 Front ,st. .--S. F. Phone Main 1719.
FSXHTnrCr. ■"■ - ; ■■-■■
O.'C. HUGHES, 511 Sansome stv S. F
AMUSEMKXTS.
GRAHD =
MATINEE SATURDAY
.•!— WEEKS ONLY— 3 '
DAVID BELASCO Presents
BLANCHE BATES
In the drama of .old Japan,
THE DARLING OFTHE GODS
By David RMasco and John Luther Long.
Curtain Rises at 8 o'clock
....SHARP...
ORPHEUM ROAD SHOW
Molntyre and Heath; Spessardv's Bears
and Ponies ; Grace Falotta and the
Four Millinery Maids: The Latonas;
Clarice Vance; Smirl and ' Ressner;
Probst the Great; Albertina Mellon,
and Orpheum Motion Pictures, Show-
ing "The Suburbanite."
Re«ular Matiners every Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday.
Price* — 10c, 25c and 50c.
H. W. BISHOP, Lps.«pc and Manager.
ALL THIS WEEK ' '
<i 25c— MATINEK THURSDAY— 2.1c
Hoyfs Fainous Farce Comedy, !
A CONTENTED WOJMAN
In Which Oliver Morosco Offers Q
HOWARD COULD AXD.J, H. GIUMOLR-
And the Majestic Players, with OZA AVAL-
DROP In the cast'. .
NEXT- "HELD BY THE ENEMY."
Tlie niai^nltude of our next attraction, "MIZ-'
PAH." by Ella Wheeler Wilcox. necessitates
the pos-tponeinent of "Old Heidelberg."
Every Afternoon and Evening 1 In the
Heated Theater, Bain or Shine."
PRINCESS FAN TAN
SCORES OF SPECIALTIES!
300 PERFORMERS!
A. BIG SHOW BY LITTLE PEOPLE.
AMATEUR NIGHT and—
ELECTRIC FOUNTAIN THURSDAY.
" .'■ Xo Increase In Prices. ."
ADMISSION. 10c. " CHILDREN. 5c
PillarA DON'T FAIL TO
I ,r"*"^° see the beautiful
i j COURT Lounging
! /Hill toom, the EMPIRE
i auu parlor, the
r 1 PALM ROOM, the
llf/sHfl LOUIS XV PAR.
Ul ailU LOR, and the LA-
D -i^l^ DIES* WRITING
Hotels room
AMUSEMENTS.
Of[Ri||f||liDS[
The Holiday Attraction
Will Be the. Tivoli's
Famous Ooera Success
KINO
DODO
Special Christmas Holiday Matinees
Saturday at S; New Tear's, Jan. 1 and 2.
Grand Transformation Scene: "A CHILD'S
DREAM OF CHRISTMAS." a beautiful Holi-
day Story, told in four enchanting Tableaux
with SANTA CLAt'S ANT> A CHRISTMAS
TREE.
Ptfil I IRAQI A SA9 mwm
yUlLUIVflEPlM LEADING THEAiHf
NIGHTLY. INCLUDING SUNDAY.
MATINEK SATURDAY.
Pr p( *lal Holiday Matinee next Monday.
Hrnry W. Savage Offers
George Adc's Musical Satire,
THR
SULTAN
OF SULU
"Last nig-ht I felt immense.
To-day 1 feel like thirty rents."
IGADSKI
Nexi Tu33, and Thurs. Eves., Jan. 3*5
SATURDAY MAT.. JAN. 7
AtALHAMBRA THEATER
.'eason Saie Opens This Momng at 9
Trices (Three Concert*). $4.5O. fZ.50. $2.50.
Single Concerts. $2. *1.5O. $1.
Heady Next Friday.
SPECIAL CONCEBT
St. rrancls Musical Art Society
TO-MORROW NIGHT
At 'J o'clock, at St. Francis Hotel.
Seats ?2.5O.
. Box Offlce Sherman. Clay & Co.'s. where
complete Programmes may be obtained.
New swbT Jockey
California y^ Club
OAKLAND TBACX.
Racing every week day, rain or shine.
Races start at 2:15 p. in. sharp.
S1000 BAXTDXCAP, to Be Bun Wednes-
day. SCC. 28; NSW YEAR HANDICAP.
S3000 Added, to Be Bun Monday, Jan. 2.
For Fpeclal trains stopping at the track take
S. P. Ferry', foot of Market street, at 12 :0O, I
12-.3Q. l:0O. 1:20 or 2:00. Returning trains
leave the track at 4:10 and 4:45 p. m. and Im-
mediately after the last race.
THOMAS II. WILLIAMS. President.
PERCY W. TREAT. Secretary.
MISCIfXXiAXEOL'S AMUSEMKNTS.
FISCHER'S THEATER
TONY LUBELSKI. General Manager.
GRAND HOLIDAY BILL.
TEN HIGH-CLASS VAUDEVILLE ACTS.
10c and 20c Children. 10c
Afternoons at 2:50. ' Evenings at 7:30 and S».
CONTINUOUS Performance* Sun. and
Holidays from 2 to 5 and 7 to 1 1 p. m.
' New, Beautiful 'Moving Pictures.
WeeKly Gall $1.00 perTear
OCEAX TRAVEH
eStfamers of company, or
for which It \a agrent. Irav*
Plsrs 0 and 11, San Fran-
For Ketchlkan. Wrangel
Junra-i. Trpadwell. Halnes.
Skaguay, etc., Alaska— 11 a.
m.. Dec. 26. 31. Jan. 5
Change to this company*
, M^amers at Seattle.
s.o?.i *^ torla - Vancouver. Port Towns-nd.
B^n'r^i, a I aCO iT a - Kveret «- South Belllngham.
wiirgham— II a. m.. Dec. 2rt, :ti. .Tan .'.
(hangc at Ftattle to this company's stPanifri
for Alaska and O. ft. Ry. : «t Seattle crTa-
roma to N. P. R y . ; a t Vancouver to C. P. Rj>
tor Kurek* (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona. I:h6
DV^b- Jan.V°" Jan " 5 ' C0rOna ' I:3 ° P ' D1 -
For I^s Angeles (via Port Los Angeles aiH
Rpdondo), fcan Diego and Santa Barbara—
banta Hosa. Sundava !> a. m
State of California. Thursdays 9 a. m
Fcr Los Angeles (V |* San Pedro and East
Pan Pedro). Santa Barbara. Panta Cruz Man-
tei-py San Simeon. Caj-ucos. Port Harford tSaa
Luis Obfrro>. Ventura and Hueneme
Bonita. » a. m.. Dec. 26. Jan 2.
Coos Bay. » a. m.. Dec. 2!>. Jan. «.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. Pan Jtmm **1
Ca!>o. Mazaflan, Alfata. I* Paz. Santa RosaJla.
Ouaymas IMex.) 10 a. m., 7th of each month!
for further Information obtain folder. Right
Js rewrved to ch.in** ntpamers or saillnr dates
TICKET OFFICES — 4 N»w Montgom-
ery st. <Palae« Hotel). 10 Market »t., and Broad-
way wharves. Prelsrht Offlce If) Market st
C. D. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent *
*■*. t, .- Ma 1 " 1 " 1 ■«., Pan Francisco.
The Pacific Transfpr Co.. 2f> Sutter st will
call for and check bawcaice from hotels and
rwidences. Telephone Kxchange 312.
AMERICAN U3TB.
PlTmonth — Cherbottrsr — Sonthamptoa
ft. T>»uls Dec. 31f Zeeland. Jan. 1 4.10130 «
Philadelphia ...Jan. 7lNew York ...
•Calling at Dover for London and ParlV. "*
ATiAJmC TSAUSPOET IiINE
K«w Tork — London Direct.
Minnetonka Dec. SlIMinnehaha Jan 1*
Mesaba Jan. 7'Manltou Jan ' "n
RED STAS HUE.
New Tork — Antwerp — Iiondon — Parlj.
Calling at Dover for London and Paris.
Vaderland Dec. 31 [Finland Jan 2t
Zeeland Jan. 141 Vaderland Jan 2%
WHITE STAS UJTE.
New Tork — Oaeenstown — Llvernool.
Cedrlc.Jan.4, 4:SO anrfMajestlcJan. IS. 1O ant
Teutonic. Jan. 11. lOaiBaltic Feb. I
Boston— -Of eeastown— Liverpool.
IVinlfredian Jan. 4|Cymrte Jan 2.1
NSW YORK AND BOSTOK DIRECT?
To the Mediterranean.
Via Azores. Gibraltar. Naples. Genoa.
Alexandria.
FROM NEW YORK.
RKPl'BLIC Jan. 14. noon; Feb. 2S noon
CRET1C. F»b. 4. noon; Mar. 13. noca
FROM BOSTON.
CANOPIC .Jan. 7. lOr.iO a.m. ; FpKI*. «:3rt an-.
ROMANIC. ..Tan. 2S. 3:30 p.m.; Mar. 11. 1 pin
C. D. TAYLOR. Passenger Agent Pacific Coast
21 Post «t.. San Francisco.
8. S. ALAMKDA, for Honolulu. Dec. 31. 11 am
S. 8. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Dec 31, 11 n. m.
S. 8. SIEPRA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Aueklani
and Sydney, Thurs., Jan. 12, 1D0S. 2 p. m.
IJLSFEECKELS&BSOSl. COL, UJi,Bcttl01CJ6OIir-
igL fnlgti Offlg 327 Maim si. Pig 7, PaciJj '»:.
COVPAGinZ SSNEKALB THA5SATLA5TIQCS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. _
Sailing every Thursday instead of 4S,i.CXt}
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. -iScw-
Ncrth River, foot of Morton «t-
First class to Havr». $70 an<t upward. S»<r-
ond class to Havre. $40 and upward GEN-
ERAL. AGENCY FOR UNITED STATE3 AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI * CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. "1 Montgomery avenue. San Francises.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
For V. S. Navy Tard and Vallajo.
Stis. General Frlsbie. Monticello and Arrow
9:45 a. m.. .12:30 p. m., 3:13 p. m.. 6 p. m., 8:30
p. nu - Sundays, 0:45 a. m.. U!:30noon, 6 p. m. .
S:.1O p. m. Leave Valleio. 7 a.m.. 9 a.m.. 12:30
p. in.. 3:15 p. m. (*5:45 p. ro. Saturday). 6 p. m.
Sundays. 7 a. m.; !> a.m.. 3:2» p.m.. « p.m. Pier
2. foot Mission St.; phone Main li«S. HATCH
BROS.
For tr. 8. NaTy Tard and Vallejo.
Stmr. H. J. COHCORAN Jeavea north eml
F^rry bUls.. foot of Clay sx.. 10 a. m.. 5;:JO
p. m.; SunJays. 1O a. m.. 8 p. m. Leavs
Vallejo. AUen'9 wharf.«7:l5 a.*n>.. 2::M> p. m.:
I Sumlavs, 7:15 a. m.. 5 p. m. Fare 20c each way.
j riPER. APEX. GOOI>AI«L CO.
(l "PATENTS! J
V^rc^^sasBBSsassnsBBKasassaBBOonr^
Vsi^aaO MARKET ST. S.F.
78
JOHN' P. SPKfcXfKEX^j^jj'roprietor
• • Address Communications to
:j6lf^McXAUGIfT.^ JJ^^._ l Manaser
VV. J. MAKTIX B" sl Q!g?_MgPgff£
TELEPHONE.
A«:c for THE ('ALL The Operator WHl-Oott..
' riect You kVltb tho Lu-partnient You \N sen.
i^S 0 ?^^::^^ M £ j
Delivered by Carriers, S3 Cts. lVr Week. <5
CU. ! J w Munth. Sirrle Copies •> s a
TVrtKX Us ilai!. including postage (Cash With •
'-.'All.Y CALL (inc'.ud. tundiy). I year ...$^ .00
l-AJLY ''.ALL <1nclu<'. Sundayt. o mo*... *■«*>
U1LLT CALL— »/ single Month o «;£
POSTAGE. I 1.00 P-r Year Extra
ALL lXJfc'TMASTEKS AR13 AUTHORISED
TO BECStVB SUBSCKIPTIOXi?.
F«jr.r>l* Coiiies will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mall subscribers In ordering charge o^ ad>
4re«a should b» particular to give both NcW
A'ND OLD ADDRESS in order to insure a
I>romi>t ar.d correct compliance with their re-
<.ur»t.
OAKLAND omCB:
•_10l« Breedway Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE:
2148 Center Street Telephone North 7«
WASHINGTON CO-RESPONDENT:
BAMUEL W. WALL Post Building
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31
.Ir.'on Souare; Murrsy Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue
>:«tel ar.d Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Eherman House: P. O. New* Co.; Great
Northern Hotel: Tremont Houee; Auditorium
"Hotel: r«lm*r Hou*e.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C- GBOKGE KKOGNESS. Marquette Building.
tLcng Distance Telephone. "Central 2619.' )
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
•NEW TOKK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAKLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call.
corner Market and Third streets; open until
12 o'clock every night in the year.
•• . . BRANCH OFFICES:
IOCS Market street, opposite Firth; open until
11 p.-tn.
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
9:30 p. m.
Sf'O Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. ro.
• €.">•» McAllister street; open ur.tll »:30 p. m.
Hl Larkin street: open until 9:."}0 p. m.
• 1341 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
306 Eleventh 6treet; open until 9 p. m.
2CSM3 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
. Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
• open until 9 p. m.
C20O Flllmore street; open until 9 p. m.
' meethto kotices.
.MISSION Commandery D. D.. K. T. _
— Mtt»i assembly THIS iTUES- T^p
I>AV) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. [Ml
Masonic Temple. Orders »pf the
Temple and Malta. All frafers cordially in-
« vited. By order of the Commander.
JOHN R. HILLMAN. Recorder.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and a! £~~ "
M.. will meet THIS <TUESDAY) *VV ?
EVENING. December 27. at 7:3i>/V\
-. o'clock. Installation of officers.
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. and A. »
M.. Masonic Tump!*— Third degree YY
TMIP « TUESDAY) EVENING at 7:30
o'clock. MaM«?r Masons respectfully
imttod. R. C JEWELL. W. M.
A. S. HCBBARD. Secretary.
r-AN PRANCtSOO I^xJge No. 060. F. a
and A. M.. Mioston Temple— First de- -%/V^
rreo THIS « TUESDAY) EVENING.
at 7 :30 o'clock. Visiting brethren cor-
dlally invited. By order of the W. M.
. A. A. ANDERSON. Secretary.
TEMPLAR Ixxir* No. 17. I. O. O. A «v»"~ A ;. ■
F.— initiation THIS <TUE.-=DAY» .-:i*^jfc&-
EVENING. Visiting brot hers
cordially invited to be present. *tnfT,fS^'
;*j, J. ROCK. N. G.
IVANHOE Lodge No. 5. K. of P.. -^
»I1I confer the Knight rank (long
form) WEDNESDAY. Deo. 28. liKH. "/SbS
at 220 Golden Gale ave.. at S:30
'. . n. m. .Members of sister lodges 5S ""*^^
cordially invited. R. W. BANKS, C. C.
O, NORCROSS. K. of R. and S.
ST. ANDREWS Society— Special v rr>
• tnWting will »*> held THIS CTUES- K^'J
DAY> EVENING, to bid farewell Xv*.X>£i
to Pr*"sident N. C. Lawson. A full ''^S**,
attendance i.« requested.
GEO. ST. J. BREMNER. Sec.
TO the Officers and Members of the _
. Riggers' and Stevedores' Union. dt
•Local No. 222. I. L. M. and T. A.— jfflft
Y<.u srf herrby notified to attend £j£f,
the r.-pu'.ar meeting of this union. vXSMi
10 be held at ouf hall. 121 Now JgJ?^
• Montgomery st-. THIS DAY
• TUESDAY), at 8 p. m. Nomination of
officers will take place. By order of
HUGH F. KEON.
HENRV JEND. Rec. Cor. Sec.
THE California Debris Commission, having
received applications to mine by hydraulic
process from B. G. Smith and S. H. Robin-
«on, in Celtic and Monterey gravel mine, at
Columbia, Tuolumne County, Cal.. draining
' tnto Mormon Creek, which reaches Stanis-
laus Klver; frcm J. F. Schindler, in Council
Hill mine, near Scalee, Sierra County, Cal..
dralhinc into Rock Creek, which reaches
Yuba River; from J. B. Stewart. In Stewart
mine, near Oleta. Amador County. Cal.,
draining Into Indian Creek, which reaches
CoMumnei River: from W. and G. W. Car-
penter and Vic Henderson, In Independence
hydraulic mine, near Iowa Hill. Placer
County. Cal., draining into Independenc*
Creek, which reaches North Fork of Amerl-
'. - can River: from Gold Top Mining Co., in
Orchard placer mine, near Pine Grove, Am-
• ador County, Cal.. draininc into Jackson
Creek, which reaches Mokelumne River, and
from Victor. Frank and Joseph Dondero. in
'Cold Nugret mine, near Columbia, Tuolumne
County. Cal.. draining into Woods Creek,
which reaches Tuolumne River, gives notice
• .that a meeting to n»cel\-e any protests will
"be held at room 68. Flood building, San
Francisco. Cal., Jan. P. 1905, at 1 :30 p. m.
THE annual meeting of the stockholder! of
Ih* Nevada National Bank of San Fran -
' , cltco. Cal.. win b» held at its banking-
house 3C1 Montgomery »t. San Francisco.
- . Cal.. on TUESDAY. January 10. 1909.
et 3:15 p. m.. for the election of directors to
• erve during the ensuing year, and for the
transaction of tuch other business as may
cctne before the meeting.
• V- GEO. GRANT. Secretary.
. DwiBtw 10. 1004.
AGENTS WANTED.
WANTED — Everybody as agent: no canvass-
lr.tr. U. S. GAME CO.. box 1036, Livingston.
■ Mont.
ATTOBHXTS-AT-IiAW. ,
• A FRAUDULENT divwee is dear at $12 and
Is no good; for 22 years I've made divorces
a specialty: -quick, quiet; no money needed;
no pay unless divorce is granted; perfectly
reliable: lowest fees; advice free; collections
nuu*. O. W. HOWE. 1122 Market st.
it.' W. KING. Attorney-at-law, Exam. bldx..
Cth floor: entrance room.Cll; established 26
years;, al! courts, general -court and office
I re nice; ao fees In advance or for consulta-
tion; evening by appointment. Tel. Red CC01.
AA — Divorce: costs $12: qu!ck.qutet:advice free-
ail J»w business; no charge unless ecccess-
Jul; cj-en evenings. 027 Market «L. room 301.
ADVICE free; divorce costs $12; ro fees cr
rorts in advance: all law business; office
epen Saturday ever.irgs. 819 Market st.. r. 33.
JOHN OTTIDERY. attorney-at-law. rooms 3
and 4. 240 Montgomery st. ; phone Red 6C17.
L. S. CLARK". 027 Market, room 304: ccnsults-
tlon free: no fees in advance; open evenings.
ASTHMA CT7BE.
DI NOLA'S Asthma Remedy relieves Instantly;
10c 25c 50c l«02 Market. St. Nicholas.
. a!»n WUhart. 10th and •Washington. Oakland
AITTOMOSZIJ53. ''_■
A FIXE automobile for sale In first-class run-
ning order. Address box 1CS5. Call office.
3O.-Z3"<fG TOJt CKZZ.X>ItE2T.
WANTED — Small child to board in private
family: best of care. 861 »i Greenwich st.
CXZTDZ7 CXiOTHZEKS.
C F ADAMS CO. 31S Mason St.— Clothing
'for "everybody from bat to shoes; yon can get
what want from us ai.d have It cnarced.
BtrSIKSSS CHANCES.
A_$jfCO; BAKERY and confectionery, estab- .
U*l«d many years, baking 7 barrels per day;
G liorses, wagons and buggy: one of the best 1
jii this city. Sec- It. G. WILKE, 20 '.4 Kearny.
A— $.';.'0; well established real estate office In
.\.i|..i Co.: office dulns a good business; has
valuable contracts; clearing about $15w; par-
ticulars. R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— $750; HALF Interest in manufacturing busi-
ness; established 16 years; partner can clear '.
5150 ecsy tier month: raiv chance. R. G.
WILKi:. ZtiM, Kearny at. '
A — il.'Co: tea and coffee store, crockery, etc.;
*st£b. years; stock invoice to about $2M>0;
ownc-r engaged in business In Arizona ; must I
tactinee. Particulars R. G. WILKE. -ii'~i
Kearny st. __
A— $500; HARDWARE locksmith and electrl-
cr.l repair .«hoj.j established 25 years: best
location. Particulars it. G. WILKE. l:6Vi 1
Kearr.y.
A— $500; HARDWARE, locksmith and electri-
cal jtpalr shop: established 25 ytars; best
location. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26V4
Ktarny.
A— SISCO; SALOON on water front, cloae to |
Market et. ; net rent $120; place established I
mar.y yearn and known a« a good paying
butinee*. See R. G. WILKE. 2»H Kearny.
A— $300; BAKERY with delicatessen store, ice-
cream parlor; In very best location; will b» I ;
, eacrlSctd- owner must leave at once for New , •
York; rent $20. Call R. G. WILKE. 2<SH
Kearnjr st.
A— $350U; LIQUOR «tore. with 5 yeers' lease:
$2000 stock cuaranteed : 1 block norta of
Market: a very rare chance. Call on K. G.
WILKK. 26H. Kearny st.
A— 51S00; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon;
daily receipts $50; rent $S0; lea*c; place lo-
cated clcse to Market and a guod business.
Call on It. O. WILKE. 2l>tt Kearny st.
A— $3500: SALOON; the best on the water
front; rent $74; place known for the last 30
years as a first-class paying business. For
particulars call on R. G. WILKE, 26H
Kearny gt.
A--S1200; OLD-ESTAB. dyeing and cleaning
works; o horses; 4 wagons; net rent $20;
)>lare estab. for many years and has a large
patronage; a good paying business. Call on
R. O. WILKE. 24>V4 Kearny St.
A— $1000; HOTEL; a first-class paying bar; 14
roorr.E. dlr.ing-room and kitchen, with 5-year
lease; close to carhouse and other factories. .
See 11. G. WILKE. 20 & Kearny st.
A— $1SCO; RKSTAUHANT for sale, in the best J
mining town in the state of Nevada; daily
receipts. $150; opposite the round house; no
Letter paying proposition in Nevada. Partic-
ulars K. G. WILKE. 26^a Kearny st.
S«jO— WILL take partner In a good paying,
nicely furnished coffee parlor and testau-
rant; lease; or owner will sell for $1100;
part or. time. S*e R. G. WILKE. 26*j
Kearny st. "
A— $TUOO; BAKERY, one of the best In city;
monthly sales $6000; splendid chance for two
i arineis; not all cash necessary. Particulars
R. G.. WILKE. 26H Kearny st
A— $2500; HOTEL In Sonoma Co.; 20 furn.
rooms; dining and bar room, bus, 2 horses,
cow. ftc, and 7 acres of land; 5 years' lease;
rent $50 or owner will sell whole property
lor $12,000. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st.
A— $1750; CORNER grocery and bar, with 5
living rooms, on Sacramento St.; 4^ years'
lease; rent $45; the very bfst location. See
R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny St.
$550 — RESTAURANT: very best location: rent
*t»; close to Kearny and Bush; good-paying
investment; investigate. Call on R. G.
WILKE. 26i£ Kearny st.
A— $20C0: CORNER grocery and bar on Va-
lencia St.: lease; old established and good
paying business: investigate; a rare chance.
S«e R. G. WILKE. 26*4 K*arny st.
A— $2350: COAL.' wood, hay and grain busi-
ness; 3 horses, 3 wagons; net rent $34;
place established years; very best loca-
tion; a good cash business. See R. G.
WILKE. 2«Vi Kearny st.
A — $S0O; CORNER saloon In wholesale dis-
trict; no night or Sunday work; saloon es-
tab. 20 years and known as a good busi-
ness. See R. G. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny st.
A— ?2150: CORNER grocery and bar. 5 years'
lease; rent $40; store doing large cash busi-
ness: location can't be beat; value In sight.
S?»f R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— $2G00; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; one
block frcm Examiner building; place estab-
lished years: doinz a first-class business;
about $70 per day. Particulars see R. G.
WILKE. 20 \<2 Ktarny st.
A— $35CC: CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
St.; rent SCO: living rooms:? stock will in-
voi-e about $2S0O; a well established and
r.rrt-'-iass paying business. See R. G.
WILKE. 2614 Kearny st.
A— f.T50; DAIRY, produce and delicatessen
store; 5 rooms; rent $25; best location Va-
lencia st. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
F. A. BROOKBANK. .
BUSINESS AGENT.
017 Market St.. between Fifth and Sixth.
A CLIENT of mine who conducts a well pay-
U--e cigar stand on Market st. desires good,
lion-*st man "as partner to assist him In at-
tending rtand. and to same he can offer fine
position- no experience necessary: $31*0 cash
reqi.lred. I'aiticulars of BROOKBANK.
$3T3> AND services secure an Interest In old
esiab. office and commission business clear-
ing i20O to $230 mo.; no experience required;
party must be sober and reliable and furnish
good references, as same will be tendered
liim. Particulars with BROOKBANK.
BARBER shop of 2 chairs, on busy street,
north of Market St.: cheap rent; money
n.aker: tfift for $175. See BROOKBANK.
HOTEL FOR SALE.
$5500— $4000 cash buys splendid hotel business
In nearby town; 50 rooms and bar; equip-
ment; horses and 'bus, and 6 years' lease
for «ale; rent $100 month; clears $250. F. L.
EKAGGS & CO., 26 Montgomery st.
ASTONISHING opportunity for small Investors,
shares of $100 each for sale In new industrial
company which has entered Into cpntract for
the sale of their entire product for a period
covering the next two years at a profit that
will pay over 40 per cent dividends. Address
box 3C4S. Call. _
FOR eale — Printing business; best opportunity
In California: established 15 years; party
applying must have (2500 to $3000; selling
on account of other business. Box 1585,
Call office. ■ ■
FOR sale — Country hotel; town 4000* Inhabi-
tants; long lease, cr will sell half Interest;
house full; big bar business; sickness cause
of sale. Box 3C4U, Call. *
$200 — ACTIVE man wanted as partner to do
•.lain, lizht work: sure profit of $75 to each
per month. Apply C32 Market St., room 6.
COFFEE saloon and bakery for sale: make of-
fer to-day. Apply Wlnona saloon. Pacific St.,
near Leavenworth.
WCLL established printing business for sale;
must be sold; no reasonable offer refused.
2434 Sacramento st. 1
$275 — CANDY, stationery, notions. Ice cream
parlor: rare chance candy maker. '442% Third.
$l«50— SAN JOSE paylns dairy and milk route;
rhoice patronage; 17 head fine cattle; good
lccation: reasonable lease; excellent equip-
ment. Box B, Call office, San Jcse.
_____ - _. .
Livery and boarding stable, central, in
Oakland, doing a fine paying business; cheap
rent: long lecse; It's got to be sold right
away; will bear looking into; facts and fig-
ures ehown; ill health of owner the reason
for selling; call or send for particulars. 455
■ i 7th St.. Oakland. GEO. H. LEE.
I —
1 A -LADY'S and gent's tailoring establishment,
cleaning and dyeing, for sale; business well
established and In a fine location. Address
for particulars, box 3296. Call office.
'■ FOR sale— Bakery; short distance from San
Francisco: a great bargain if sold at once as
owner is Interested in other business. Apply
Bakers' Home. 794 Mission 6t.
1 $4CC0 — BEER bottling works and draught beer
aeency. complete in every detatl; good estab.
. j trade: must see account of sickness. Inquire
I Vun<3 -r Brewing Co.
RESTAURANT and delicatessen store for sale,
, oltuated In good business location. Box
j 2501. Call office.
WANTED— A gcod hotel, city or country;
country preferred; state price and full par-
ticulars. Box 3101, Call office.
! MARKET st. cigar stand.' $325; sickness causes
sale; would not sell for double otherwise
See owner, 12 to 2. at 1142 Market st.
■ GROCERY end delicacy cheap; easy terms; or
would take reliable partner. Call at 1293
Jackcon st. ,
WANTED— To buy a corner grocery and bar-
Mate price asked. Address box 1286, Call. '
FOK sale— First-class saloon; long lease; cheap
rent; your price. Box 3S14, Call office.,
$.W0— WILL buy half-interest in payins es-
tablishcd bu«.; no opposition. Box 3798, Call.
. FOR sale, or will take partner, saloon and 15
rooms:: last chance. 212 East st. 1
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. DECEMBER 27, 1904.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Contlsaed. |
A — CAMKKON & CO. —Phone fcouth 11)50. ■
:{ Kddy st., cor. Market and iPowell.
Headquarters for oil kinds of business chances.
For sale — Well-furnished and equipped country
hotel; r.O rooms; rent only $150; 10-ycar
l«»ase- newly painted and renovated through-
out; about 50 miles from S: F.; fine, grow- 1
ing town; Dre&ent owner made fortune and
wants to retire. CAMERON & CO.', <i Lddy.
First-class saloon downtown: 2 blocks from j
Market Ft.; rent $75; well fitted up; receipts j
$1S to $25 vor day; must be sold on account ,
of other business: price. $ltCO. CAMbRO.N ,
& CO.
Fitst-class short-order restaurant, downtown;
fiUir.fTE new r.nd up-to-date; receipts $«•> to 1
SO per day: fine opportunity to get Al prop-
osition reasonable; l>-st of reason fer sell-
Ing. CAMERON & CO.
F^r sale— First-class bazaar and cigar busi-
ness; Al location, lone lease, cheap rent:
fixtures and store uo-to-date; established 17 ,
years; one new stock of soods; lias never ,
changed hands: now clearing $330 and over ,
per month; best reason for selling: an op- t
portunity of a lifetime. SEE CAMERON &
CO.
Harness and saddlery shop, well located: rent :
$12; v.ell stocked: fine wax machine; all 1
bench tools; everything goes; price. 51000; 1
more than \-alue In sijrht; retiring from •
business. CAMERON & CO. !
Here is an opportunity of getting one of the
best groceries and bars in city; fine transfer ,
corner; downtown and doing big business: .
' cheap rent: 5 years' lease; receipts average 1
$1SOO to $2000 per month; never changed '
hands; beet or reasons for selling. CAMKK- {
ON & CO.
Exchanges made In all kinds of real estate,
rooming-houss and business chances. CAME-
RON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
For sale — Several good business propositions
for investors, such as cigar stores, groceries
and bars, bakeries, furnishing good9, mer-
chandise, country hotels, restaurants and
many other propositions too numerous to
mention; would be pleased to have call
and inspect our list. CAMERON & CO., 3
Eddy kt. ;.K"-:'v!
For sa'e — First-clsss downtown cigar store:
doing pood business, but disagreement of
partners cause of sale. CAMERON & CO.
OFFICE business,
Paying $300 monthly; $600 and services of
' right perty secures half Int. Box 8823, Call.
WELL-PAYING meat market for sale; butcher
remains with buyer. Box 3S34, Call office.
I WANT $1000 to launch a business enterprise;
$10,000 a year profits. Box 3SS0, Call office.
SALOON for sale with lease. -Apply at Hl-
beraia Brewery.
ROUTE 12, San Francisco Call, for sale. Ap-
ply San Francisco Call office.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 100S Market St., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
MARION GRIFFIN,
406 Hearst building, over Examiner entrance,
corner Third and Market *tp. : tel. Black :ttjO7.
Hotels and rooming-houses for sale. Free list.
Abstract of Title Free With Each Sale.
$168; house full
Half furnished 40- of steady room-
room house north ers; on account
of Market; $1500 of sickness the
takes It up to 10 ■ price ($5000) is
a. m., December cut in two.
2. "There Is a .
tide in the affairs See
of all men's lives
If taken at the , MARION
flood leads on to ;
fortune." GRIFFIN.
See :
MARION Fashionable room-
GRIFFIN. ing-house of 38
— — rooms, on Sutter
Salary of $3 per st. FurnUhings
day and you stay '
at home. Why • cost $6010. Every-
not start In on
Jan. 1. 1005? thine Is
You'd lay away
some money. We FIRST CLASS.
offer .you such a
chance in the ~~~ All the roomers
management of a
30-roora apart- must give ac
ment house; price ceptable refer-
$1800. Terms, h* ences. House Is
cash. Rent Is un- full. Profit is ex-
der $100. actly $187 month-
ly. Owing to im-
See mediate departure
1 from city price is
MARION $3500.
GRIFFIN. See
.- MARION
The best fur- GRIFFIN.
nlshed 24-room
house In this city.
On the sunniest — '
corner in Call- Dependable house
fornia. Almost
no work for the °f 68 rooms! 7-
landlady. Owner
is out of the city. year lease. In-
Ccme and make ' •
1 offer to come $430 over
MARION I rent. Modern
GRIFFIN. building. Price,
' $5700. Terms %
Clean profit $336 c» sn .
. monthly in a par- —
tlally furnished See
154-room house.
Price $7500; 1st MARION
payment $2000. ' .'"■■'■
; I GRIFFIN.
1 Bee
! ' MARION
SPECIAL.
GRIFFIN " „' — : —
Clears monthly
$175; 37* room
. Transient house. ■
near Market st ; house. Beautl-
clears $125 to $2C0
. monthly. The r.et fully furnished.
. profit for 1004 up
. to Christmas waj Located on Ellis
; exactly $1500.
Owner desires to . st. Extra fine
lea«e S. ,F. at '
, once. For $500 entrance. House
, first payment will • i
put you in pos- new and modern,
session. '
Highly respect-
See
able.
MARION „
See
'. ' GRIFFIN. >—
MARION
1 ~T .- ; GRIFFIN.
. 0— NOTICE— •
; On Jan. 1. I8D5. _ \ nnA ■
I , * Draw $200 in gold
• MARION cut of the bank
GRIFFIN and let th e bal-
— — — ance of your
will remove from money stay there
1 until you have
1 the Examiner bid given this 10-
to the room house a
thorough trial.
! JAMES FLOOD Prico $ 16 00. re-
' duced
building, ♦ ' —to $1200—
.' You pay $200
; cor. Market and down end we
' • ' back you for a
1 Powell, thousand; house
. located In busi-
Suite SOI ness center, north
1 . of Market st. For
! Near the elevators. this holiday «nap
ZZH . See ■
Beautifully fur-
nlshed house of MARION
1 50 rooms; on a ' —^, „,__,,.
s 11 n«n y corner; GRIFFIN.
stick a pin here; —
the rent ■ Is onl)
~~ , TAKE NOTICE. ~
First-class rooming-house for sale; 37. rooms;
clearing $175 per month; 4 suites; - private
bath; balance single rooms; all light; modern
house; low rent; 4 blocks north of Market;
furnishings best: price. I want a proposition:
; have good reasons for selling; ; if net.-' I
would not sellr have your attorney Investi-
gate for you. Box 2033, Call office.
• $2500— POSITIVELY must bo sold at once;
; first-class private rooming-house of 10 rooms;
. all new furniture; building of pressed brick:
new and modern in evgry detail; every room
occupied: place clearing $100 a month and
, positively must be sold at once: open for the
most rigid inspection. KRE1SS -&; HORS"-
: _ WILL. 1070 Broadway, Oakland. ; Cal.
CHEAP for quick cash— Fine large corner, 82
rooms, paying 50 per; cent profit - on price.
Tie -Aurora, cor. Second and , Folsom sts. ..'
i 24-ROOM lodging . hous* <"or «"'«»;<•»'; North
Beach. . Address box # l495. Call of flea
LOUGrNTJ-EOUSES FOS. SAtiT— On..
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050
o Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses. Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
Beautiful new building; grand entrance:
electric elevator, lights; Ft earn heat: CO light
and sunny rooms, elegantly furnished; spacious •
halls; draperies and fittings of the be«t.: -where j
you can have an exquisite home besides clear • j .
Ing $300 per month above air expenses; close ■
In; cheap rent and long lease; this house is 1
always full of best people; sickness causes ' :
sale; exclusively with us.
Rare chance to get choice 7 room flat: rjnt, ,
includinB garbage and Janitor service. $40 per
month; furnished in mahogany and oak; best
body Brussels carpets; new 1 year and cost
$80<) to furnish; will sell for $150 on account
of leaving city.
Choice 80-room downtown European hotel ;
strictly first class and thoroughly respectable;
every equipment: n»odem and up to date; al-
ways full and clears $350 to $400 per month; ,
best reasons for selling; with us exclusively.
You can't beat this beautifully furnished,
ICO-room downtown house; carpets, furniture
and draperies of the very best; electric lights,
steam heat; in fact, . everything modern and
up to date; long lease; cheap rent; owner leav-
' ing city.
20 rooms; good location on Howard St.; rent
only $C0;. good furniture; new carpets; nice
and clean and paying well; $500 down, bal-
| ance out of house; price $1000.
■ "-""■.■.' ?
Here Is 16 good rooms, close In. with 3
: rooms not furnished, but are all full and pays
I $50 per month above all expenses; owner tak-
ing larger house; price $1080.
Here is a nice little home of 12 well -fur
nlshed rooms; rent only $60; where you can
clear $50 .per month and have 2 best rooms;
Van Ness ave. ; only $850.
This is a fine opportunity for some on« with I
S10CO cash to get 26 rooms well furnished in '
oak and cherry; everything in first -clans shapo .
and clears 5 S3 above all expenses; leaves' 3
rooms for landlady; balance can be paid out |
of house.
Grand, new, modern apartment- house; beau-
tiful building: elegantly furnished; (rood long
lease with cheap rent; only 15 minutes' wate
from Kearny st. ; has 180 rooms and pays $50>» 1
to $600 per month; always full; best class of
people; a bargain can be had if taken at once.
Nice little house of 10 rooms, with good fur-
niture and carpets; rent only $65; must dis-
pose i:ext ten days; make offer.
First-class investment where you can earn
$2400 per year on expenditure of $4500 in 40
room house; rent only $125 per month; choice
location on Sutter St.; always full; best of oak
furniture; good carpets; sickness only reason
for selling.
Swell family hotel on Sutter st; beautifully
furnished; always full; there are 80 rooms,
rent only $425; obliged, to leave city; will be
sold at half cost to furnish.
Big snap; 31-room apartment-house; rent
only $4 per room; well furnished and clearing
$90 per month: will only take $550 cash, bal-
ance time; price $050.
J4-room house, furnished In oak and mahogr
any; good carpets; first-class location; all full
and clearing nice little salary every month;
you can get It for $000 cash.
Beautifully furnished 6-room modern flat;
new G months ago; rent only $25; fine location;
cost over $900; to be sold for $400; departure.
High-grade family hotel on the hill; 'ele-
gantly furnished; has 80 light and sunny
rooms; always full and clears a fine Income,
but sickness is- only cause for being on the
market; good chance for some one to get pay-
Ing Investment at sacrifice.
16 rooms well located on Eddy St.; rent only
$65: oak and cherry furniture; clears $75;
leaves 3 best rooms for landlady; everything
first -class condition; here is a fine home com
blned with nice little business; part down, bal-
ance as you make it.
70-room country hotel; best interior town in
State; barroom. 2 dining-rooms and „ 5-room
cottage besides; rent $100 per month; can get
10 years'lpase; brick building: everything fine
condition; fine business proposition.
We have a number of special bargains In
flats of 6 to 10 rooms, new and modern; can
be had for less than half cost to furnish; must
be sold, either account of sickness or de*
parture.
Have large, list of real estate, hotels. room-
Ing houses and business chances for exchange
or trade always on hand.
A. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
MITCHELL •& CO..
1206 MARKET ST. PHONE JESSIE 20SI.
Rooming and apartment houses, hotels, flats.
Sold to suit purchasers. Title guaranteed.
AUTOMOBILE AT YOUR SERVICE.
S350 — 8 ROOMS, mostly housekeeping; rent $35;
I Income $«O. Call 214 Kills st.
Boomlng-Hotuei and Hotels Por Sale.
H. C. DECKER OOfl MARKET ST.
• H. C. DECKER PHONE JOHN 531. /
SQUARE DEALING— CLEAR TITLES. '
Over 28 years selling houses in this city.
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
See the Following Bargains:
20 rooms; transient $ S50
56 rooms; new; fine 7500
14 rooms; only $350 cash 750
190 rooms; apartments: clears $600...- 9500
15 Rooms — Corner.
Clears $100. Owner Sick
In Hospital. Must Sell.
Make Offer. See This Bargain
At Once.
60-Room Country Hotel, $3000.
19 rooms; rent $75; only $250 cash $ 750
24 rooms; all light and sunny: rent $60.. 1400
26 rooms; Market St.; snap 2500
25 rooms: up-to-date hotel; swell location 3200
10 room house; new furniture 600
27 room house on Post st 2000
8 rooms; sunny corner, N. of Market st. 400
100 roomn; always rented; clears $400.... 8500
10:i rooms: apartment: clears $400 a mo.. 8000
H. C. DECKER, 906 Market st.. cor. Stockton.
LOP GIHG-HOUSEB WANTED.
WANTED— A lodging house of about 20 rooms:
furniture must be In good condition and rent
reasonable; state full particulars. Box 3306,
Call office; no agents.
01 AJ«yO YANTS^
LIVINGSTONE,
THE OCCULT WONDER.
FOR A RELIABLE. INTELLIGENT CLAIR-
VOYANT READING. CONSULT
. • LIVINGSTONE.
FIVE RECEPTION PARLORS. LADT AT-
TENDANT. 26% KEARNY ST. .
ATTENTION
MRS. DR. CLARK.
Th«, well-known medium and clairvoyant.
may be consulted on all affairs; every hidden
mystery revealed; she will show ycu how to
overcome your enemies and unite the sepa-
rated; tell your entire life, past, present and
future: satisfaction by mail; send stamp for
circular and special terms. 343 Geary st.
RICHARD MAYO.
CLAIRVOYANT. * j
421A— Ellis st. — 121A. '
Hours 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
Frivate flat. Business confidential.
MME. M. BERNARD, the famous clairvoyant
and business medium, reads your life cor-
rectly, gives accurate description of the past,
present and future; greatest living adviser on
all affairs in life: never failed to give satts-
f action; 25c up. 17 Third at., next Examiner.
1SMAR. Egyptian Feerees. The Vendome, 1104 1
, Market St., San Francisco. Office hours— 10 |
a. m. to Op. m. : Sundays,. 10 to 12; Wednes- 1
day evening. 0 to 8. Phone South 1141.
MISS M. WILLE, 310 Ellis st.. clairvoyant,
crystal teer and life reader, tells you exactly,
what you r called for without asking a ques-
tion; names given; $1; hours. 10 to 8.
MME. PORTER, clairvoyant, medium: born
■ with double veil and second sight: tells past,
present, future; 1. 00c; g. by cards $1; palm-
: istry full life read.*$l. 303 Jones, nr. Eddy.
' MISS WARD. 1206 Market St.. cor. O. G. ave .
: parlor 68. clairvoyant, gives names, dates and
: facts; hours 11 to 8; take elevator.
■ MME. KRONENBERO, palmist, clairvoyant.
card reader: when others fail try me; read-
ingg 25?. 324'O'Farrell -st.;>tel. Red 6537.
! MISS ZEMDAR. young gifted, clalr. and palne.;
I .- reveals love, marriage, business, etc.: L.50-;:
[ G. $1; hours 10 to 0; names. 714 Franklin st.
' MME. MARSI3AU. card reader; ladles 25c;
' ..gentsSOc. 545 Minna st. . .
MRS. , SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader, hat
■ . .returned: sittings dally. ; 1C8 Oth St.. rooms 1-Z
MME. SARAH, clairvoyant, card reader; ladies
■ . 35c;;»rents 00c. : 23}J Sixth. st.
i. MRS. BAUMANN. the * well-known fortune-
*.; teller, ts now at 317, Ellis st - ;
monthly
37*room
respect-
SPIBI^A^ISTg. _;
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. 1200 Market, r. 14. Gait House.
C. MAYO STEEKi:. trance medium. :>05 Lar-
kin, room 49; readings 1 to 5; tel. South 310.
MMB. YOUNG'S next test circle Thumday
night. 10c: readings daily. G10 McAllister st.
W. G. KEEGAN holds a test seanco every
nisht except Saturday; 10c. 148 Sixth st.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted *late-writer and .
clairvoyant. 1118 Eddy st. Phone Scott 887.
CARPET BEATING AND CLSAKI5G.
ColjPRESSED^ATPand Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal;
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compressed
air at shop; 'prices moderate. S. F. Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Co., 308 Market St.;
phones Main 152 and Bush 479. :
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
eend for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing works.355-357 Tebama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1S09 Har-
rison st.; Al cleaning. 3c. FRED HAGE-
DORN & CO.: phone Mission 225.
MICHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth st. — Flrst-claas
carpet cleaning. 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 304. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet- beating worka; prices
reasonable, 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
CLOTHIWO BENOVATINQ.
SUITS cleaned and pressed. $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche, Examiner bldg., r. 410;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
j co^agjCTioK^orriCES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. Pacific Collection Co.. 415
Montgomery St.. rooms 0-10. Tel. Main 55S0.
DENTISTS.
: A NEW plate— The Whalebone — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 50c;
I plates, $5; full set; all work palnW* and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 144.". Market, nr. Eleventh
No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, 50c; gas given. 1
PARIS Dental parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush — J
Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up; fillings. 25c. 1
GOLD fillings. 75c: silver. 35c; crowns, $2; no j
pain; open Sundays. Dr.A.C.Hewltt.204 Sutter.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentist.r.l4.1st
floor. Phelan bid., S06 Market, cor.- O'Farrell.
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from Geary st.
to corner Sutter st. and Grant ave.
DSESSMAKEES AKD SEAMSTRESSES.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew-
art's button and buttonhole factory.110 Taylor.
EBXTCATIOBTAIi.
Af-THE Lyceum, an accredited pr*i.aratrry
school for university, law and medical c< 1-
leges, begins its twelfth year. We shall do
better work than before, and give Rer>eral as
well as' special courses. Our departments in
English literature, languages, mathem?ticE,
sciences," history, etc., are ex?eP.'}nt. Two
of the best teachers in Califor-va ar<» in
charge of English and cf mathematics. Coma
and be with us, we prepare you well. Refs.
Pres. Jordan or any Stanford professor. Lay
and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
CLASSES in short story writing and Journal-
ism will be formed on January S, 4 and 5 at
2 p.. m.. at 333 Phelan bldg.; tetms vcr;.- rea-
sonable; Join these classes; tho Instruction Ik
excellent; rapid progress assured.
E. R. AYRES. founder of Ayres Business Col-
lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing; $5 month; life scholarship
$50; positions secured; day, eve. 723 Market.
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
institution devoted exclusively to dramatic
learning in America: positions guaranteed.
Send for catalogue. Native Sons' building.
HEALD'S School of Mines and Engineering, 24
Post st., S. F. ; civil, mining, electrical, steam
and gas engineering. Send for prospectus.
A SUCCESSFUL college; new. large rooms;
perfect light; all graduates are getting posi-
tions. S. F. Business College, 738 Mission st.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. min., mecb., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1SC4. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
Established 1863: largest in the West; an-
nual enrollment 1000; send for circulars.
BOOKKEEPING. Eng.. Math., etc.. day and
eve.; individual lnstr. 305 Larkin st. Prof.
T. A. Robinson, former pres. Pac. Bus. Col.
ALL Kns. and com. branches. $5 mo.; 47 les-
sons Benn Pitman shorthand hold any posi-
tion: lndlv. instruc. West. Bus.Col.,12Sl Mkt.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col., 002 Van Ness
ave.; positions secured. R. H. Webster, Pres.
A— GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1382 Market st. Send for catalogue.
BOOKKEEPING — Save time, gain knowledge,
with TARR, expert. 217 Parrott building.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano. $3 per month;
vocal lessons $1. £2S Haight St.
CHICAGO Business College, 1584 Market— Posi-
tions, shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $8 mo.
ADULT and Juvenile classes now open. Hln-
man's School of Dancing, 1412 Polk, nr. Cal.
SHORTHAND taught thor'ly by mail and per-
sonally. Miss M. G. Barrett. 302 Montgom'y.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION '■ Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine St.— Night class.
EMPLOYMENT OTTTCr*t.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment office
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
S. IMURA. S39 Sacramento. Tel. James 5231.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell St.; tel. Main 5752.
RELIABLE Japanese-Crhlnese Employment Of-
' flee: all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help: estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLKY & CO.. 640 Clay.
_EMP3EOTME»T ' WAKTEP— FEMAI.JB.
A— ACCOUNTANT, young lady, expert book-
keeper, desires position as private secretary;
can take full charge of correspondence and
accounts. Box 3S79. Call of flee.
YOUNG German woman wants housecleaning:
$1 day. Address MRS. V.. 9 Rltch «t., off
Folsom, bet. Third and Fourth, in rear, top
floor.
DRESSMAKER— First-class fit guaranteed;
$1 60 a day; renovating a specialty. 601
' Geary st. ; phone Larkin 3704.
GOOD cook desires work in institution;, will
, do kitchen work. Box 3799, Call, i
EDUCATED person, not young, would go as
companion, nurse, needle woman to elderly
person: fluent reader; generally useful: mod-
erate salary; wants home. Ad. 34C0 ISth st.
FIRST-CLASS American woman, out of means.
. wants to co in good steady home: wash
dishes or other light work; Is a good plain
cook; carfare. $2 50 week. Address 106^
Third Et.. room 25, first flight.
SCIENTIFIC massage by a graduate of the S.
JWelf Mitchell method: sprains, fractures and
dislocation* a specialty; references If desired.
Box 3888, Call office.
BY young lady of refinement and ability, pcsl-
Uon as traveling companion and secretary to
Invalid, or as traveling saleswoman. Box
3007. Call office. ■- .
FIRST-CLASS dressmaking done at lime, de
- la Roche Lambert's, 1113 Sutter St., near
Larkin; lady's own material made up from
$3 up. .....■,.
I A YOUNG woman wants a Jlace to do house-
work; city or short distance in country.
Call or address MISS WALLACE, room 20.
1116 Mission. st. V
A PROTESTANT woman wants work by the
day; is a good laundress;- $1 and car fare.
Box 3902. Call office.
WOMAN and grown son want work together
in mining or. logging camp. Address I. M.,
box 2035, Call office.
. DRESSMAKER, experienced, would like a few
more • engagements by the day: good cutter
and fitter; terms reasonable. - Box 3971. Call.
, WANTED — Sewing at home, by competent
dressmaker. -1318 Octavia st. '
A GOOD young woman wants to assist general
, - Sunday cr eve at dinner parties. 711 Webster.
RESPECTABLE woman ', wants to* assist at
" children's parties during holidays; references
good. ; Box 2001 . Call.
A YOUNG woman wants work by . the day,
.washing. Ironing, or housework. Address
.456 Bryant st. , .
SWEDISH, woman, flret-claas laundress and
1 : housecleaner, wishes work by day. 005 Fol-
, som st. . ' • . , .'. , ;.
■WOMAN wishes to "do plain cooking. . 1439
Fifteenth at.
A COOK with first-class reference wants sit-
uation; is L'ccd laundress; would go by tne
day lt'24 Howard St.. M. II.
A YOUNG woman wishes a position as work-
ins housekeeper: kind to children. Address
box 3i>54. Call office. _
HOUSEKEEPER' S place wanted by reliable,
experienced girl; gocd cook; £2<*l_ w 1 orker ' ,
no answer unless fare. Box 3U;«. Call.
LADY would like engagements singing In
church. 303 Larkin gt., box 60.
WOMAN would like a few places to go out
half day washing, fc' 32T5 . Harrison st.
A^ MIDDLE-AGE!) lady wishes to take care of !
invalid. Address 729 Pine st.
WANTED — A position as stenographer: refer-
ence given. Address ho:c 37'.)3. Call "ffi 0^- ;
WANTED— Work by the day; good washer and
cleaner. 241 Minna St.. first floor. .• , *■...".
BY American woman, situation as housekeep- •
,er; country preferred. Mrs. L-. 1920 Market.
YOUNG woman with ft child wants position in ,
small family. Box 17C0. Call office.
EMPLQ-rnLEifrr waittbp — ma. '
ELDERLY man wishes situation in private > ;
family; is handy at most anything; can take
care of invalid; good home considered more | ;
than wages; by letter. CHARLES STEIN. I
700 Ellis st. I .
BaFe_ENT. hall! yard, office or building (
cleaning wanted by young Janitor: day. week •
or month, general or private. MARRS CON-
ROY. 156 Third st. - . •
COMPETENT young porter and packer. ;
stranger In city, wishes any kind of em-
ployment, general or private; must 'have
work; give me trial. Box 3654. Call.
AS attendant. In the near future, to Invalid or ,
mental patient by competent, reliable male
nurse nndT masseur; references. Box 8639.
Call office.
POSITION of any kind, milking excepted. car-
pentering preferred, tools on hand, city or '
outside, by elderly German-American. Box
W.. 3653. Call.
BAKER, with exp-rlence, wants posiUon on
bread or cakes; city or country: can give
references. Address - WILLIAM R. JANT-
ZEN. 844 Mission st. j|
GERMAN, middle-aged, single, speaks Eng-
lish, wants any kind of work. Box 3651.
Call office ;
MIDDLE-AGED German wants position as
porter or Janitor. Address box 3852. Call.
CARPENTER, non-union, experience In store
fixtures, wants work. Box 3655, Call.
FIRST-CLASS painter, poiisher and paper-
hanger wants position by month or year.
VEITH. 71Sii Grove St. 1
AN Al bass singer, young man. can reach low
C and D. wishes to Join a good quartet. Ad-
dress A. ENGEL. 254 Turk st.
YOUNG man, experienced in care of trotters,
runners and fine carriage horses (has served
In a British cavalry regiment), seeks em-
ployment of any kind. Box 3020. Call.
FRENCH couple, both first-class cooks, desire
position in family, club or hotel; city or
country; references. CHAS. S, 11 Hopeton
terrace.
RELIABLE, trustworthy man wishes a posi-
tion as collector: references, security and
ealary to employer's satisfaction. Box 3S27.
Call office.
AN experienced road salesman, traveling In
Pacific States for Eastern manufacturer,
wants a position with S. F. firm by Jan. 1.
Bex 3S84, Call office. ■:
GERMAN, well experienced In wine and
liquors, wants work in wine cellar or liquor
store; strictly sober and Industrious; city or
country. H. S.. 1074 Howard st., room 3.
EAGER and willing young man wants position
as assistant bookkeeper. Address box 3919.
Call office.
A YOUNG man wants position as clerk In
hardware store; reference given. Box 396C,
Call office.
WANTED — Situation as assistant bookkeeper
or bookkeeper for small concern. Address
box 3987. Call office.
DRAUGHTSMAN would like additional wort
for evenings, either patent office or mechani-
cal drawing. Box 3919, Call office. . f - .
SITUATION wanted by Japanese first-class
butler: experienced : has good references.
Address GOTO. 407 Post st., city.
EXPERIENCED bookkeer»*r and cashier de-
sires a position: good bond and reference
Civen. Box 3S89. Call office.
DREDGERMAN wants position on clamshell
machine: good blacksmith; can take full
charge. Bex 3794, Call.
A SCANDINAVIAN man and wife want any
kind of work, single or together, but no
cooking; stnali wages. Box 3831. Call office.
GERMAN (22) wants position of any kind:
typewriter; speaks Spanish. French and
English. Box 3851. Call office.
YOUNG man would like drive wajon. E. J.
BENNETT. 1065 Minna st. .,.-■■_■ - .
■WANTED — By sober, reliable, trustworthy,
honest man, with good moral habits and
references: position as bartender; long ex-
perience: no object as to salary, want steady
work. Box 2210, Call office.
A YOUNG boy wishes a position as errand
boy. Inquire for R. M.. 1632 Folsom st.
STENOGRAPHER wants situation. Box 3960.
Call office.
ELECTRICIAN'S apprentice wants position.
HERBERT MAYER, 2415 Pacific ave.
TAILOR wants Job. llj Ellis sL
A SITUATION as a watchman. JOHN
YOUNG, 112 Greenwich st.
PLUMBER wants position. G. MATTHAI,
3161B Twenty-fourth st.
WANTED-^Job as porter. G. H. RICHARDS,
1351 Forty-seventh ave.
YOUNG man wants position as salesman. 409
Pine st. , -
SHEET-METAL worker desires steady posi-
tion. Box 3S97. Call.
WANTED — Position by man from the East;
country preferred. Box 39S0, Call office.
WANTED — A position by Japanese schoolboy
In city or vicinity. . FRANK OGAWA. 744
Post st.
SITUATION wanted by thoroughly experienced
Japanese butler, who arrived from Eastern
country: has good reference. REM, up-
stairs, 407 Post st.
JAPANESE, experienced In both /cooking and
housework, desires rosltion as school boy or
•housework. Address HENRY HATANAKA.
258 A O'Farrell st.
A JAPANESE boy wants work as porter: sa-
loon or store. Address H. ONO. 4 Central
place.
JAPANESE boy wants position at any kind of
work; afternoons: city; has be«t recommenda-
tions; speaks well. K. N.. 1276 Van Ness a>.
A CHINESE first-class cook wishes position,
hotel or boarding houee. Address M. CHEE.
006 Cloy rt.
CHINESE first-class cook wants place In
boardtng-house, hotel and restaurant. 832
Washington st.
A NICE and younu Chinese cook wishes a
position in family. . 122S Stockton st.
FIRST-CLASS Chinese competent cook wants
. position ; private place. W. C. 1110 Stocktox.
A WEEK'S news lor 5 cents — The Weekly Call
16 page*. In wrapper} for mailing. $1 per year'.
j ECgEMA CTTBE.
J $1CO FREE for any case cf ecsema. salt rheum
or barber Itch that I -can't cure: a trial
treatment free. DR. BROWN. 54 Sixth st.
riKAKCIaX.
... - — __ #
THE REALTY SYNDICATE.
Capital paid in $4,60C,000 00 :
Surplus 040.901 86
. ■ Issues •
• Six tier cent .
Investment Certificates
At oar.
Office — No. 14 Sansome St.,
■ San Francisco. . Cal.
COMPANIES formed: mining or patents: utock
told: stronsr Ka.«tern «v>Tm»ctions: fcdvlee free
Writ* a; F. TT »tmstthv. in Crossley bids'.
rLATSTOS^SALE-TtnasiSHIO.
1 COMPLETELY furnished 7-room sunny modern
" Hat/ including new sewing machine, Sohme'r
piano, for ra'.e on account of death in fam-
il>._;632 Co'.i- St., noar Golden' Gat« Park*
opcn2 to 4; rent reasonable. ■ '
FURNITURE ' and carpets the best: almost
1 new; half value. Call and see. 1726 Pare
st. ; llat modern an-J sunny, for . rent.
X— HOUSKS and flats to let; an invn?nse list;
service absolutely fre?: take aJvantas? of
this deoartmpnt: it will save you time arvl
troub'". Cordes Furniture Ct.. 245-SU Geaiy
St.. oil the square.
COTTAGES. hous?9 and flats to let; every d»-
sirable vacant place In S'an Francisco un
«>ur lists; service absolutely tree; let us find
you a place: come in and let us know what
rent you want to pay and th«> locality: ••vr«
do the rert." Sterling Furniture Company.
ire» Market st^opp. a McAllister.
SIX rlpcont s"nny new flats. cr>r. Sacrarn-nto
rt ai.Tl First av». ; B, «. 8 room*; r<*nt $2.\
Sl'7 .10. $30, ?^ Ji>. 9Z*yQ: open from to a.
m. to 5 p. m.
NOK. 1<£2. corner Elizabeth — Sunny corner up-
per flat: new; «S rooms and bnth: mortem Im-
provements:' convenient to 24th-fastm cars.
SANCHEZ. NW. cor. Elizabeth, nr. 'J4th—
New upper flat. •", rooms, bath; sun all day:
all modern improvrmer.ts; reasonable.
CASTRO, 433 nr. 17th— ."unny, mod?m raidjl*
Qat, 7 rms., bath, basement; fine view; $M.
SUNNY modern middle fla:. 7 rooms and bath.
649 Fell st.. near Webster.
LARGEST list of houses and Cats to let. Call
on LYON & HOAQ. 116 Montgomery st.
ri.ATS WA2STBH.
FLAT of S or 7 rooms, bath, basement: from
3d to 8th. nr. Market. Address 656 Jesale.
FX7K27ZTT7XUB WASTBD.
"WE'LL GET TOUR BUSINESS"—^* pay
the most money for furniture, carpets, offle*
fittings, merchandise and houses. MARK J.
LEVT AUCTION CO., 1321 Market St.. be-
tween 9th and 10th. Phone South 179.
" ~" ~ ABE LEVT.
Salesroom. 1133 Market st. Tel. Jessie 781.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
niture, etc.. until you get his estimate.
WILL pay 20 r*r cent more for furniture; than
dealers or will eell on commission. L. H.
BURD. auc. 1636 Market: phone Jessie 2330.
I CALL on Alfred Wollpert. 773 Mission st. b«-
fore selling your furniture. Phone Red 4462.
ruBinTUKs rog saie.
HENRY MAYER pays h!ehest prices for fur-
niture, carpets, etc. 782 M sslcn: tel. Bush 813.
THE handsome pieces of a new flat; must sell.
Call 1006 Haight st.
HELP WAJTTED — FEMALS.
THE ROMAYN-SHIRK REGISTErT~RENT^
ING AND ADV. CO., 612-613 Grant bldg..
Seventh and Market sts.; South 104.
Waitresses to go south Jan. 15, waitresses.
Between 30 and 40 waitresses for southern
hotels, fares advanced, call at your earliest
convenience and leave your addresses, wages
$25 and $30: a couple of waitresses for city
Jobs; easy place for housework girl. $25.
4 or 5 housework girls at $20 month.
6 girls for wrapping wire on little batteries,
steady Job. $25 month, easy.
WANTED — To-day: Cook. German sty!#,
family, $35; cook, country hotel. $33; cook
for students. $35: waitress for apartment
house. 6 people. $25; 2 waitresses, new ho-
tel, country. $25: 4 nurses. $20. $25 and $30:
head waitress. $30; 3 second girls. $20 and
$25. We want also a large number of girla
to' fill situations in the ctty as well as In the
country for housework at $25 and $30. J. F.
CROSETT A CO.. S34 Sutter st.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS ON OVER-
ALLS, JUMPERS AND COATS: NO EX-
PERIENCE NECESSARY: STEADT WORK:
GOOD PAT. LEVI STRAUSS A CO.. 32^4
FREMONT ST. MR. DAVIS.
IN OAKLAND. COR. 10TH AND CLAT ST3..
EEWINO MACHINE OPERATORS ON
OVERALLS; NO EXPERIENCE NECE3-
SART; STEADY WORK: GOOD PAT.
LEVI STRAUSS ft CO.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn halrdresslng.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks; tuition $5 to those enterins now;
3 posit lens to nil immediately; position*
guaranteed at $10 week up; only recognized
■ school of its kind on coast; day and even-
Ing classes. 233 Geary St.. room 13.
WANTED— Girls to learn millinery now for
spring season: both seasons taught from start
to finish In one month for $5; positions as
trimmers, salesladies, makers, guaranteed at
$10 per week up; 7 positions to be filled by
first of year. Parlors 143 Stockton st.. r. 13.
A— PACIFIC College teaches hairdre3sing.
manicuring, electrtc massage, etc.: six hours*
practice a day; guarantees positions: only
recognized college of its kind on coast: day
and evening classes; all parlor work at re-
duced prices. 133 Powell st.
ATTENTION, ladles— Earn $20 per 100 writing
short letters from copy. Address stamped en-
velope for particulars. MODERN SPECIAL-
TY COMPANY. Allegan. Mich.
GIRL for housework: good home: modern
wages. 1115 Devi sad ero st.
NEAT girl to do general housework. 839
Bartlett st., near Twenty-fourth.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
' Chute*. 6 p. m. Wednesday: salary no object.
WANTED — Chocolate dipper: $10 to $13 p«S>
week. Apply KELLER CANDT CO.. Oak-
land, office 477 Seventh st.
LADIES for steady, home employment: $3 snd
$12 weekly. Emma Spreckels bid;.. 027 Mar-
ket st. room 613.
TRAVELER for business house: training- nec-
essary. Box 3778. Call office.
A BRANCH office of The Call for th» wcep-
tlon of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market St.. opposits
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan, and Church sts.
.HELP WAHTS3>— MAM.
AMERICAN COMMERCIAL BUREAU.
Conducted on Strictly Business Principles.
Positions secured for
Offlce men. Bookkeepers.
Stenographers. Collectors.
Traveling salesmen. «.«countants.
! Offlce managers. Railroad clerks.
Law office clerks. Hotel clarks.
General offlce men In all lines of business.
,■ 302 Starr King bldg.. 121 Geary st.
POSITIONS GUARANTEED
To high-grade men who can furnish indisput-
able testimony of ability and Integrity. W»
will investigate your references free of charge.
Our commission la payable only when we have
succeeded In securing you a suitable position.
-We conduct a fair and strictly legitimate
buslnsss. thereby meriting the entire confi-
dence of the business world. COMMERCIAL
CLEARANCE CO.. 415 Starr King building.
121 Geary it.
THE ROMATN-SHITtK REGISTER. RENT-
ING AND ADV. CO., 612-613 Grant bldg..
Seventh an* Market sts.: South 104.
Neat appearing shoe salesmen. $15 and $H.
All around dentist, sdv. parlor. $140 month.
Clothing and furnishing goods men.- call.
Young men. work for this offlce, comm's'n.
WANTED — A first -class butler, or private fam-
ily waiter, for city. $40 salary. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st.
MEHCHANTS and manufacturers desiring t*
employ commercial travelers^ are »request*l
to communicate with the secretary of t&»
Pacific Coast Commercial Travelers' Associa-
tion. 410 Market st.. San Francisco, Cal.
AT HORD & SMITH'S.
Contractors' Agents. 00 Third st.
Teamsters. Say shore, $2.
Solicitor, tea and coffee, hie Inducements.
Man for dy? works, experienced. $20.
WANTED — Clerks, bookkeepers and sten-
ographers to prepare for Government posi-
tions in Panama: particulars free: apply at
once. Pacific Correspondence Institute.
Grant bldg.. 1005 Market st.
WANTED— Sober, industrious man to taka
care of garden, horses and cow: best r*f*r-
ences required. Apply to# A. F. CORN-
WALL. irttB Broadway. Oakland, bet. hours
of i> and 1O a. m.
' WAKTKD — One or two men tn l-am a trad*:
must have sift for security: no Sunday work.
. Call 21^ First «t .
1 TOUNG rran to solicit and deliver or>1er» in
the butcher business. C. F. TIETJEN. 3iW
! Sacramento, it.
BARBER - shop; mv-nt be rold by 1st; hava
[ other business. 720 Mfaalon st. ___
» REFINED nurao. .Call at 2350 Washington sfc.
this morning.WANT COLUMN OF THE CALL, BUT YOU HAY OTN ONE
gri.P tp-AnTEP — MALE — Conttana/L
MIRUAY fcTREADT. (m-SGti Clay et
. "3'IL RIGHT OF , MAN TO LIVE; THE
11^ Oi 5 " MAN TO WORK,
i^aai.ie Urnpiojajjent and L&bv»r Agents.
_ w,w men \10rk. Increas* 60.000.
:i machine n-.lne.rs. pood mine, 590."
( .. .-a-umaker*. city Job. $2 00 to $4 day
\^_^ " COOK ASD WIFE;
- 1KK wi*« «s first and becond, country
."£f«»urant. *5>0 and found. \ -
- Milker and wire. Portuguese, Alameda
County. $40 and found.
• FARMS AND DAIRIES.
i» ferra hands, ranch teamsters. 8 milker*.
• - •■:i>oretBen mi chefpboya city and country.
• _ .7" HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
,vook«. waiters and kitchen hands, bellboys
and eJevator boys.
LAUNDRY.
•; Xiarker ana distributer, cour.iry laundry. $60
Dyer and c'.«*n*r. cour.tr>" Job.
1 < ?tah!em©n.
. B« *0 K KEEPER, COUNTRY STOREw
Bnokkeejxr. country crocerj' stor*. 30 to 40
years, rood references required, $76.
SPECIALS.
GOLD QUARTZ MTXB.
r. hand rr.iBers. &*>& gold mine. $75, hotel
, . accfirr.modaUcn*. no blankets needed.
OREt-.ON. «X)AL MINF31S. OREGON.
ORI3GON.
Id coal miners for a rood mine by contracts;
.% s-.cn»v ccn lie made on this Job.
Fare refund-d. ■ • Flare refunded
STABLEMAN.
FW a wmpwiT !-HN». r-nr. steady Job, $60.
UOTCH HAND.
Bwaoh hand, cr.untrx' r>'ar.!i!c mill.- $S 50 day.
Man to run restaurant, cofid n'v.nlr.K. 1
. .. MUriRAT & READY. 654-C38 Cay st _ ,
12 HAND miners, S75. !
FOREMAN. ■'!
. ', Foreman Tor flit.y. cang. $.">(> and found.
•■ -Cbok end wife. b<es here, $35 found..
MUKTtAY & READY. <B4-63«J Clay st. .
SPECIALS.
■■•". -,- - . FOREMAN.
Fon-man for -"-:■.-!. :t-.^ and sloping ditoh, s*t
' bo^s her*. $100 found.
" - LABORERS.
IS laborers, near dty, long Job. $1 75 flay.
Milk xrarcn driver, near c!ty. $40 and found.
'<"Wk and wife, mine boarding- house, $50 fd.
MURRAY & READY. C?4-«0 Clay st.
P^Y about 15 for men's furnishing store;
■ <5»rmon preferred. 424 Kearny Bt
rvtlXKC-TOR wanted. 45 Parrott* bull ding.
WANTED — Erirtt rfllable boy to distribute
'■amples, ?«>C» Mission st a rear entrance. !
■ CX>K for busy kitchen; short orders: union
• . hww; $15 week. Oroea* Bakery. 517 Mtgy. :
mn -PALE — 3-chalr barber shop. Call 804
TVsleom st.
MKN — Tt!<» or.Ty original Moler Barber College
teacbe* barber trade in 9 weeks; wages
■ *arn*>d while learning.
. New cuarter>< ani new appliances,
•""all or writ* for Hlu«rat#4 catalogue.
JMer Parh*r Collere. «49 Pacramento st
*• I«ate.ly movwl from Oay rt.
ri,7*ASAXT faeed, fine appearing registeriMj
r^iyaifian and surgeon: must be quite gray,
. but active; positively ne» other; no tra\ r ellng;
' salary *2CO or'more when well started. Call
st- 23 Third Pt
• 'WANTED — Edoooited gentleman to rieit Email
, 'towns tn write ehm articles for Eastern
magazine; $1000 r*r year; local refs. re-
quired. Box 4000. Call office.
I WANTED — Men to prepare for railway mall,
I 'inte.rr.al revenue and cortorn-houFe positions:
free catalogue. Pacific Correspondence Instl-
"tute. Grant bldg.. 1«D5 Market; open ergs.
WANTED — Laborer? and mechanics I to know
• tt*at Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, has
ed!>d lflrt new rooms to the Denver House,
• ClTJThird st. : 250 roofr.s: 25c to 50c per tilght.
MAX under 35 from San Francisco or vicinity
'- to- prware for coming railway mall cleric
*-^amination; isrood anointments; exceptional
oi*ning. W. L. COFTET. 4C5 Parrott bldg.
GHT your *hoe» halfHsoled while waiting; 25o
• to «>c. T71 MlKFicn st.. bet. let and 2d sts.,
or 11 Third St.. Examiner building.
jr WANTEJV- Men to fill 850 rooms at 20c per
f nipht: clothee closets, hair mattrewes, elec-
j trir liftot Jn every room. B81 Howard, nr. 3d.
TftY our men's rfjopf. union made; $1 and $1 50
I air; foot-f<-rm ehoeg. $2 ,V>; we pay exprees
• cnargea. 11 33 St., Exam, bid.; open till 9 p.m.
OFFICE b->y. about 1C. cne who lives at home.'
.- Addresa O B.. box 3732. CalL
GILLtTTT'S school is the place to learn the
t*rber trade, till Commercial ft
TWO- men to learn the barber trade; abso-
.lutely free. 7L1 Mission st
WANTED — Young man to work for his tuition
in S. F. Barber SchooL 741 Howard st
. FAILORS for <Je<»p water ships at HERMAN'S,
*2« and 27 Steuart at
WANTED — A pec-ond-hand ioe plant immedi-
ately. Box 1633. IOCS Market st.
- SAILORS and younjr men (green hands) for
«hlps. HALLBERT. 617 Jackson st.
MEN to learn the detective business; paid
»-h!le learning. 997 Market st, room 104.
MEN granted at 137 Sd St.. where shoes are re-
paired by machinery; *ewed soles 10 znin., 75c.
LABOR debts collected; suits, attachment*.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 328 Mont«y., r. «15.
PEN£ION~atty., E. A. Bullls. r. 40. Phelan bid.
. Past Com. Geo. II. Thomas Post G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 3Sc night; reading rooms;
fre« 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
• tion cf advertisements and subscriptions has
• been opened at 1Q0S Market st, opposite
Firth. Open until 11 p. m.
■ ADVERTISEMENTS, subscription* received at
Vail branch office, car. Duncan and Church.
ALL gizes men's cho«a, vllghtly damaged, half
price. &71 Mi*»lon «t.. bet. l«t and 2fl sta.
SOIJCITOBS WAHTED.
IMMEDIATELY. 50 working solicitors. $3 day
salary; pay every night 2(40 Croesley bldg.
WANTED — Ladies or gentlemen to solicit
Call at room 30. Winchester Hotel.
•^^^^JffORSES^AIiro^WAOOire.
FIRE sale — Vehicles of all descriptions slightly
damaged by fire, smoke and water, to be sold
at a eacriflce during next 5 days at O'BRIEN
Je SONS'. 500 Golden Oat* ave.
TWO very etyileh horse* for driving or rld-
.lng; one is high acting cob, beautiful sad-
,, dler/ just from country. 811 Ninth st
THE quarterly bulletin of S. F. Veterinary Col-
lege now ready; malted free upon application
to DR. E. J. CREIXY. Pres.. 610 Golden Gate.
FIX work borses, weighing from 1200 to 1300.
Produce market 1*»3 Valencia st.
• CARLOAD gentle' business boggy and livery
. horses. E. STEWART &.CO.. 220 Valencia.
FOR sale — A business buggy; O'Brien make;
. J - *e* and m&k* offer. Box 1S83. Call offlca.
. TWO young horses $1W> each; weight 1150
_jb».; fust. Eagle Brewing Co.,18th-Harri«on.
FOR sale — JO *©eond-han exprea* was«ns, one
tir.gl» fuck. 233 Beai* st.
.AUCTION *a.le of horsefc, dragon* and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth st
• HOUSES TO jLET. / ■
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
<-ular. Q. H. TJMBSEN A CO.. 20 Montgomery.
UNFURNISHED or partly furnl*hed home;
Presidio Heights; S room* and bath. Box
727. Call clfie*.
HOUSE. 8 rooms ana bath Inquire 12«
. Kddjr st
HOUSES TO LET — FtTBJfXSEXD.
BARTLETT. 434 — Furnished 4. 5 or » room*;
- " to 4 n. re.
. ' _^ gQTXi.a.
HOTEL BALTIMORE" IC15"VairNcsrave.—
This flrst-claea hote), new being conducted on
A mertcan plan, eepecially for families for the
.• rati.n or year: Location is uncurpavsed. The
• t,u:irr.Tr.:5 are all modern, with every con-
-,-»<"nIrnce. Th# roomi are large, tunny and
. comfortable; superb view; furnishings are all
« ' 'lejrant Cuisine highest order. H. C. SHAN.
. .NQN, manager, forrrerly of Hotel LauKham.
Nf-y Yf rk. and Mo*na Hotel. Honolulu.
' --- arOTAXXltEHT B XTII.DXKG.
- BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.
v ; Icrtallmect homes. M2 Callastian building.
• will build en your property or buy you a lot;
. . . *£ ■ month . pays principal and interest on
--. -each $1000 of balance due, : making your, in-
•tallwnts less- than rent: send for circular.
PTVESTMElfTS. ..
i. ■'• <■<: ■■:<! Wireless stock, as also any, other
. »■• <rurt: >• at barirain , pricas : write , me your
want*; -ray-eenice imequaled in' the 'W«st;
prpnipt and *atirfactory. - , £. COWPEK-
7HWAITE, Stoclcton. £*L
lost and Fouanp. '' ;V-%;
THE lady who ' picked up alligator grip on
Minion St., bet 20th uwd 21st. Saturday
arternoon about 6:15 o'clock is known and
unless same is returned^ 1533 California st.
_irr.mc- (Lately her ' arrest will follow. "
LOST— Bunch of key*. 6n Masan st. bet. Val-
l°Jo and Sacramento, or on Powell st car
Cnrlstmas day. Return to 1527 Mason st ;
rcwai-d. ■
LOST — i-uti!" . collie, ■ answering • to name of
"Bob"; tag on hind foot; license 3S01. Re-
tum to 2CS1 Pacific 4ve. and receive reward.
LOST — A Roman gold-bead necklace, on Broad-
way, bet. Uaker and Devlsadero; suitable re-
ward at 27'j3 Pine st.
LOST — Black' end tan dog: "Convent" marked
en collar; reward. DR. CRIiELY. 510 Gold-
en Gate ave. . • .
LOST— A N. S. G. W. pin, with bear attached;
liberal reward. 421 Turk st.
LOST — On Key route, Dec. 22. lady's hand
satchel, containing pair of spectacles, gent's
geld watch and small amount ot money; the
finder will be suitably rewarded by leaving
•aise at room S19. eighth floor. Mills bulld-
lng. S. F. " •• .'.•-...%• ;-
LOST— Sunday afternoon. Dec. 11, at beach,
routh of Park, black Scotch collie bitch.
Suitable reward if returned to 1326 'Forty-
r.inth ave.. Boulevard station, or for Infor-
matlon of whereabouts.
LKFT on 11 :30 south-bound tralri for Pan
Mateo. a gold purse with vanity box at-
tached, marked E. H. S.; $25 reward. Re-
turn to n. T. SCOTT. 222 Market st.
I LOST— Near Fourth and Market; TadleV~gold
.. hunting case watch; fieur d* Us pattern with
I brooch; reward. W. K. B.. box 007. Vallejo.,
LOST— A passbook with Hlbernia Savings- and I
Loan Society of Fan Fmr.oisco in the name i
of JOSEPH OL1VA. No. 94-718; the finder
will r!ea?# return to bank.
LOST— Stag- horn toilet set on steamer Berke-
ley. H. HARRISON, 2124 Pacific ave.,
Atameda.
LOST— Gold bar pin with stone Betting and
gold star attached; rewsrd. 112 Beulah st
IiAtry CKES FOR HIBS.
C. A. MeNEILL LAUNCH CO.; foot cf CTay
St.: for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
■^ MATTRESSES AgP PILLOWS.
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
procpM,); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard st: phone South 216. ,
MEPICAX.
LADIES who are In trouble or suffering from
any ailment peculiar to their sex can find
Immediate relief by consulting Dr. White,
the only graduate physician In San Francisco
who has devoted a lifetime to helping women;
17 years' experience without a failure has
put him at tbe head. He guarantees relief or
no pay.
"T)R. WHITE. 702 Market st. room* 7 and 8.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All whoare Blck^or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints: postlvely corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
every case taken; Immediate relief; no pol-
ronlne- drugs; low fees; my methods will cure
all case*, of irregularity; by consulting me
save time and money; advice free. OfSce,
1018 Market st
LADIES — Possibly I'm not the cheapest nor yet
the oldest specialist here, but I AM a RE-
LIABLE graduate physician. When In trou-
ble confide In me. Irregularities relieved;
tbe unfortunate helped; I promise best atten-
tion and no danger: I guarantee . prompt re-
mits or no charge. Room 1. Est. 14 years.
DR. E. G. WEST, office 305 Kearny st
DRS. GOODWIN has returned from Europe;
ettab. ISS4 In S. F.; 20 years' experience.;
female complaints only; Drs. Goodwin is well
known to enjoy the implicit confidence of la-
dle* suffering Trom Irregularities, or other
conditions; relief assured or no charge; avoid
delay; fe» low; hours 2 to 4 and 6:30 to 8:30
p. m. 650 Market st. second floor, room 37.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 10O8V4 Market Bt.. opp. 5th.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for. all female
complaints and irregularities; Instant- relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. Ml Post st.
-VALPEAITS female pills: best . regulating pills
sold; price $2 60 by express. Pasteur's syr-
. Inge and tablets; price $.V By express only
•■■ on -receipt of price. -OSGOOD BROTHERS
wholesale Bruggista. Seventh and Broadway.
Oakland. --■■.. .- ■
MRS. DR. ALLEN, ladles' specialist removed
from 1118 Market to 838 Mieslon St.. near
Fourth; home in confinement; 23 years' expe-
rience; beat medical attention; lew fees.
LADIES suffering from irregularities, sick or
In trouble, consult Dr. Sylvester, 219 Kearny;
relief guaranteed; waste no time with drugs.
TALBOT BARNARD. Australian Nerve' Spe-
cialist, has arrived; limited number patient*
treated home; consultation free. 3221 21st st.
Experts, rnaweur and masseuse, by hour: rheu-
matism, neuralgia relieved instantly. SS56,Call
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and~HIND66~HERBS~;
original method of treatment 1226 Market
LADIES — Kurnround; safe, sure, never fails;
$2. Gleaeoo-Ruggles Drug Co., Kearny & Clay.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2393 Folsom St., corner
2«th: ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
BHSCEI.LAjrEOUS— FOB SALE. P
AN easy way to give Christmas- presents with-
out straining your purse: Select anything
from our large atock of diamonds, 'watches.
Jewelry, ctrt-glass. eiiv*rware. gold and sliver,
umbrellas, etc.: deliver you the goods on first
payment; the balance In email installments;
no charge for engraving; call In and exam-
ine our goods UNITED LOAN AND TRUST
CO., 21 Stockton st., near Market Phone
Bush 4S4. ; ,
*~~ DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Rave you a leaky tin. shingle, felt or Iron
roof 7 Cover it with Mastic Roofing. It is best
for old and new roofs, and for valleys, gutters,
decks, balconies, etc. Mastlo . Roof Paint and
Roofing Cement will stop small. leaks. Write
Us about tt Elatertte Roofing Co., 713 Market
CD-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
. pulleys, shafting, etc, . etc., bought sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY..CO.. 130-132 Beale at
BOILERS, engjnes. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOEH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc WHITELAW. 253-255 Epear sf j
REPUTABLE place to rent gents' full dress.
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits. J. COOPER.
'21 Stockton et (formerly /at Palace Hotel.)
TRY our men's shoes at Ii and $1 50 pair;
♦cot -form shoes at $2 60; we pay. express
charges. 11 3d eU. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DER EMEU'S, 137 Mont-
gomery st. room 12. upstairs.
AN elegant sealskin, good as new. only $70.
UNITED LOAN AND TRUBT CO., 21 Stock-
ton st. second floor.
BEAUTIFUXi white Polar bear skin at a sac-
rifice; nice holiday present Fur store, 11 ■
City Hall square.
HANDSOME long Isabella bear boas: . also
wfalf fox; present; sell cheap. 1006 Haight
WIDOW will ■ sell husband's watoh and dia- ■
mond chain cheap. 131 ; Montgomery, rm. 9.
HANDSOME, long Isabella fox stole; cost $33;
: accept $12., Call 1006 Haight st. : . : I
TOWETB furniture polish removes spots and
stains; free delivery. , 370 Fell at
SAFES and cash register*; new and second- '
hand.- I FREEMAN. 1325 Market st.
2D-HAND bldg. material; lumber, door." sash,
plumb, material. Th* Dolan Co.. 1B07 Market
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T.' D.
McCarthy Co., 807 Mission st ; t«l. South 811.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. - Bollard * Breck, 131 Post *t. .
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANNSAFE CO.. 307 Battery sf '
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all.aliea. J.- E. POAK, 48 Fremont st
ROOMS . papered. $4'up: tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 819 Third: tel. Main 413.
KISCrr.LAITEOTJS WAgTTg. _ ,
AAAAAA--BUYS any amount good second-hand 1
clothlnr; special ' price for fancy ladles'' and ,
men's clothes. 922 Folscm; tel. Folsom 3622.
AAAAA— Highest prices for ladies', gents' cast-
off clothing. TeL Pavl« 825. CfiO Sacramento st ,
INVENTORS -desirlous of "-selling, or borrowing"
"money on their 'patents;', call 1 at United Loan
113d Tru«t Co.. 21 Stockton st. 2d floor; phone
Bush:464.'-. - : ■*•-;■>--•'-'"•-'-- > -v ■--.T---r' ■■-.--: -
DIAMONDS and precious stones bought for
ca ? h. KARL, EBER ;& CO..-r. 405. Adams
bldg.. 206 Kearny «t: phone Black B033. ■■ ■ ■
PUaCEASIHQ AGEJTCZE8.
CLARA~E.'jKWETT. purchasing : agent;. ccrtjn-
try order* a specialty; correspondence, solicit-
;«d. 805 Larkln tureem^i i.i«V Soutli^318. J
THE SAN FRANCISCO^ CALL,; TUESDAY, DECEMBER 27^ 190i:
MONET TO IiOAIT.
AAAAA— A CONFIDENTIAL and^repntable
' place to borrow money on the following: . . -.
Life insurance policies.
Second ani third mortgages.
Special department for loans to ladle* oa
their notes. ...
■Private offices for ladles and gentlemen.
UNITED LOAN AND TRUST CO.,
21 Stockton at., near Market,
2d floor. Phone Bush 484.
AAAA — THE Portland Jewelry Co.- will make
you very liberal loans on your diamonds,
sealskin or any valuables at the low rale of
two <2) per cent "per month; 'If you do not
wish to call, phone us (phone Bunh 484) and
the manager of our loan department will call
on you; all business strictly confidential
25 STOCKTON ST.. NEAR MARKET.
Private offices at 21 Stockton et< 2d floor.
N. B. — The only loan office West of New
York that has a fire and burglar proof vault
on the premises; free use of same to ail cus-
tomers. -
—MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (Inc.)—
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN...
....INTEREST 8^ AND 6 PER CENT....
CITY, OAKLAND TOWN AND COUNTRY
PROPERTY .. ..........
Second mortgages, life Insurance policies, es-
tates in probate, undivided interests in prop-
erty, probate realty loans, stocks and bond*.
legacies and undivided Interests in property
purchased.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY.....
Suite 107-108 Crocker bldg.; prone Main 6824.
A AA— HERMAN MURPHY,
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided Inter*
eets, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests In property purchased. •
Courteous treatment " Strictly confidential.
"When You Need Money.
8m HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL~ LOAN . ,
A reasonable amount oa ■
- Mortgages, on real estate.
In city, town or country.
Low rate of interest
Give full oarticulam
0 - of property.
Location, etc. '*•
Box 223. Call office.
SALARY LOANS— i "
Money loaned salaried people . without secur-
ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake, 453 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
j liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest Baldwin Jewelry' Store,
978 Market: tel. Main 1044.- Branch 1102
Market and 27 Third.
A— ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal; no publicity; also on real estate;
1st or 2d mortgages or on any security; any
amount O. W. BECKER, S3 Geary, . room 30.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
I chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments: larce business In 40
principal cities. TOLMAN, 553 Parrott bldg.
A2CY amount quickly on furniture or piano
without removal; other security; fairest
rates; strictly confidential; no commls. Na-
tional Credit Co.. 506 Donohoe bid., 8 Taylor.
MONEY to loan at low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth st.
PRIVATE — Money loaned on salaries without
security; diamonds or chattels; no fee; no
com. ; cut rate. Cal. Loan Co., 623 Parrott bid.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos: no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
private, confidential. 26 Montgomery, rm. 21.
TO salaried people without security. The White
Co., 420 California «t, rooms 14 and 13.
SALARIED people on note~S~FrblSCbuNT
AGENCY. 125-127 Phelan bldg. Private.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches, Jewelry;
conXd. Diamond Parlor Jewelry Co., 722 Mkt
DON'T borrow 1 money on : salary until you see
us. Hutton Credit Co., 912 Mutual Bank bldg.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 811, Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.,
ALL loans on-, diamonds & jewelry at 2 per cent
ma S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 538 Kearny.
8% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;'
_jio com. V. TREMAIN. room 81, 6 Eddy st.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
' lndoreer. MORRELL. 009 Examiner building.
anrsTCAii ursTBUMEMrrs.
A. BUNCH OF BARGAINS.
1 Haake $38; 1 Decker, $48; 1 Stoddard. $110;
1 Fischer, $125.
ALSO
1 Sterling. 1 Stetnway. 1 Curtax, 1 Vose, 1
Weber 1 Haines, and many ethers. Easy pay-
menk BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Far-
rell st •
A GREAT opportunity — We are ' closing out
our entire Seattle stock In 8. F. at prices
never heard of before; all makes; your
terms are our terms; rents $2 up; allowed If
purchased. HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237
Geary st. S. F. : Oakland, 1252 Broadway.
PARTY must sell large Stelnway upright; 'cost
$700; price $285; will accept payments; no.
! reasonable cash offer refused. 237 Geary st
BEAUTIFUL new upright pianos for rent . $3
per month; one year's rental allowed If pur-
chased. SCOTT- CURTAZ, 560 Hayes st.
$60 UPRIGHT: one $30 upright; one good
»quare. $20. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister st
A SMALL Stelnway upright; coet $500; $183
takes it. 237 Geary st.
FISCHER upright; cost $350; will sell for $»«.
237 Geary st V
ELEGANT uprights.new & 2d-hand,$45 to $500.
Pierce's Piano. Factory. Market and 14th sts.
SOHMER. Byron Maury: pianos. Cecellan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 803-312 Post st
NEW upright piano* sold on $5 monthly pay.
menta. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Stelnway up; Chlckering baby grand;
Fhonlnger. little used. Keeffe's. 2S5 O'Farrell.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET,
FOR rent— Second floor, front; fine new build-
ing; Mission et; 28x56; plenty of light ana
cun; elevator for freight; electric lights;
splendidly suited for . a ' manufacturer's
agent or light jobbing; will subdivide to
suit tenant if taken at once; rent $75.
SCOTT A GILBERT CO.. 802 Davis st
SOON vacated, established location, suitable
dentist: rent very cheap. WHIOHAM, 933
Market St. • 1 1 .' ;.-.,.'..,■
Fifteen day rate will now be given by MME.
GILLINGHAM; a lady 72 years of age. with
wrinkles and pufflness removed from on* sid*
of the face can be seen dally; writ* for book-
let- 148 Stockton st. : cor. Geary.. v _■
SPECIAL BETWEEN SEASON . LOW RATES
this week for facial beautifying; a face with-
out a wrinkle with the contour and fresh
- color of ' youth may - be ■ had through . my
scientific treatment; consultation and book-
let free. M. ELLA HARRIS, 12S Geary st
•REXRADIO'S wonderful HUMANIZED RA-
DIUM treatment ■ has CURED "multitudes"!
of alleged INCURABLE diseases: TESTI-
MONIALS, REFERENCES. INTERVIEWS;
hours 2 to 7; 1 Fourth, cor. Market; CIR-
CULAR. • - .. y
THE Rtar Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
and Itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers'^ac-
cept no substitute,' Star Remedy Co., 1338 Pdk
NOTICE^ — Any one desiring to become master
of their own destiny ' and become an Initiate
In the" Cabala for information. The Phllo-
sophlcal Pub. Co.. 1429 Market st.
HAIR growers, j Are you using the right_oneT
Best recipes and treatment 1 , for each kind of
baldness. . All 25c. Box 14, Sheepranch, Cal.'
FANCY and silk dresses . carefully washed.
JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRY^ estab.
1899. 2122 Flllmor* t st ; phone Geary,: 2053.
'AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
' and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. . London
Tallor.r721 Market st r.- • . '.-.' \;:" ;v :
■YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 60
. down and $1 50 per week. T. i BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO., 840 Post 'at. near Powell.
FACIAL massage and manicuring parlors. 203
Powell st,' parlor I,.' 7
MRS. DR. GW YER. 611A' Leaven worth st, be-
.,-tween Geary and O'Farrell. :. Tel; East 697. V-~
FACE massage and electric treatments, newly
opened parlors. 104 Kearny st. 2<i floor, r, 2.
SUITS to order on installments of $1 per week.
. NEUHAUS CO.. the tailors. 729 Market st,..
EASY Installments for, Men and '. Youths. Suits
to order. Co-operative Tailoring.; 1117 Mkt
$1 a week; suits to order $15 up. LEMOS, 1127
Market st, between .Seventh and Eighth.; r*.
ONE ' dollar weekly keeps you In , fine clothing.'.
Art Tailoring, 1&44 Mkt. under St. Nicholas. ' ,
1_. 3PEBSOITA13— Contlaned.
Superfluous hair removed; electric needle. Mrs.
v Eaton, 369 Sutter. Miss Eaton, 233 Geary, r.38."
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants, $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and-Dupont
MASQUERADE costumes play bocks, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt
ALFREDUM'S V Egyptian Henna, restores gray
hair to Its natural color. $1 at all druggist*'.
■ PHYSICIAira ABTO SraQEOITS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Of flce~and residence,
1021H Market st, bet eth and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid . to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073 % Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor.
■ treats all diseases of the human body; ; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason ot.. now" lo-
cated at 667 Geary »t.. near Leavenwortb.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dls-
easee cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new methods; one week's
treatment free* Dr.- Cottingham, 204 Sutter."
% __ ''?;
INVENTIONS-patented. F. -P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg.. 532 Market st
PROPOSALS. -
DEPARTMENT ,0f the Interior, Washington.
D. C. r Dec. 18, 1904.— Sealed proposals will
be received until 10 o'clock a. m., January
10. 1905. at the office of the Chief Engineer
of the Reclamation Service. United States
Geological Survey, Washington, D. C, for
the furnishing pf 20UO barrels, more. or less, .
or .Portland cement, to be delivered at Roe- '
well, N. M. Particulars may bn obtained
by applying to W. M. Reed. United States
Geolciical Survey. Roe well, N. M., • or to
the Chief Engineer 1 of the United States
Reclamation Service, Washington, p. C.
Each bid must be accompanied by a certi-
fied check drawn to the order of the Secre-
. tary of tha Interior for 2 per cent of the
contract price, as a guarantee that the bid-
der will, If successful, promptly execute a
satisfactory contract and furnish bond lu the
sum of 20 per cent of the contract price for
. the faithful performance of the work. The
right is reserved to reject any and all bids,
to accept one part and reject the other, and
' to waive technical defects as the ■ Interests
of the service may require. Bidders are In-
vited to be present. Proposals must be
.'marked: "Proposal for cement Hondo
Project, New Mexico."
E. C. HITCHCOCK. Secretary. "
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, Unltea
States Geological Survey, Reclamation Ser-
: vice. Washington.D. CV, November 22, 1904 —
Sealed proposals will be received at the Of-
fice of the United States Reclamation - Ser-
vice, Phoenix, Arizona, until 9 o'clock a,
m., January 5, 1905, for the delivery of 60,000
barrels, more or lees, of fuel oil at Mesa or
Roosevelt. Arizona, and for the r hauling of
miscellaneous freight Specifications and
forms of proposal may be obtained from
Lout* C Hill. Engineer. United States Geo.
logical Survey, Phoenix, Arizona, or from
the Chief Engineer, United States Geological
Survey, Washington, D. C. Each bid must
be accompanied by a certified check for $1000
payable to the order, of the Secretary of the
Interior, as a guaranty that the bidder will
if successful, promptly execute a satisfactory
contract and furnish bond in the sum of
$20,000 for the delivery of the oil and th*
- hauling. The right Is reserved to reject any
and all bids, to accept one part and reject
1 the other, and to waive technical .defects,
as tha Interests of the service may require.
Bidders are invited to be present. Proposals
must be marked, "Proponals for the Delivery
of Oil for the Salt River Project, Arizona."
THOS. RYAN. Acting Secretary.
PROPOSALS for Subsistence Supplies — Office
Purchasing Commissary. San Francisco. Cal.,
December 15. 1904. — Sealed . proposals for
furnishing and delivering of such quantities
, of subsistence supplies, delivered . at such
wharf or wharves or such warehouses lri San
Francisco, Cal., as per circular to be seen at
this office, will be received here until I 11
c-' clock a. tn., Tuesday, December 27. 1004
and opened immediately thereafter, In pres-
ence of bidder*. Specifications, general In-
structions to bidders and blank forms of pro-
posals will.be furnished to established deal-
.ers on application to C. R. KRAUTHOFF
Maj. Corny. r '.■ ■ -. , -
STORAGE AOT> WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture.
. household 'goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
s 731;Howard"«t,nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co., 10 Dnimm st •
phone Mint 2941; JOHN F. COOPER, pres. •
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE -RODOLPH Storage^ Moving Co. of-
fice Post and Powell sta. ; tel. , Pri. Ex. 671.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore et. ; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
st.;. tel. Main 1840. -Shipping at .rut rates.
STOP DBIinCIWG.
GUARANTEED cure; : send 60c f taWeTTorml
mailed in plain package; has cured thou-
sands. L. L. C. CO.. 417 Hayward bldg.. S.F.
BEAX ESTATE— COUZTTRT — For Sals.
$5000—80 ACRES of land, all under cultiva-
tion with Improvements, in orchard section
of Sutter County: only three miles from
county seat and on-line of new irrigation
ditch. . •
A snap if taken soon, but will not keep.
M. J. NEWKOM.
'',:-.; 40* Second st, Marysvllle, CaL
■ ■■■
■■ ;
A BEAUTIFUL Swiss chalet and vOuthouses,
all up to date, and 6 acres of prime land
planted .to apples; situate on Lake Pinto;
climate and scenery unsurpassed; 2^ "miles
north of Watsonvllle, Santa Cruz Co. ; gram-
mar school within a few hundred* yards; 50^
acre . apple orchard adjoins above;- will be
sold separately or as a whole; owner absent
from State; wires ■ us, "sell,"
. GAFFEY & MAHON,
;' ;.;■'-; ' 11 Montgomery st. S. F.
~ ATTENTION, j HOMES EEKERS!
Bend portal * for catalogue of the best ' lane
bargains tn California,/ ,C. M. WOOSTER CO..
648 Market st ' ' ' '.
FOR' subdivision-— Three tracts; swellest prop-
ositions In State. J. E. LEWIS, Real Estate
Agent. Kentfleld, Marin Co. P. O.Robs.
CONTRA i Costa . County Real estate for •' sale.
Send for lirt. .. D. J. WEST. Martlnes, CaL '
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
; Call. IS pages, .sent to any address In tha
BAN &XATEO REAL ESTATE.
SAN MATEO*— —SAN MATEO
THE FINEST SUBURBAN RESIDENCE
DISTRICT NEAR SAN FRANQISCO.
\ We have a choice list of excellent ' residence
properties, villa sites and -acreage. -Don't fall
to see us before buying. Investigate San Mateo
Park, the ideal property of- them all. Lots of
j about one acre each. Bound . to be most valu- 1
able; $900 up.
HAYWARD ADDITION.
. Adjoining the tow p.. Business and residence
lots. ! Street -work complete.' 1 Covered with ma-
jestic oaks. Easy terms. See our local agent 1
Frank S. Grummon. San ■ Mateo office open
Sunday.' • - - - : ■• ;' - -«. > ■
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 25 Post st
LOMITA PARK. •-.".. ■ ,
A s ar. Investment or f o? a ■ home site, a ; 50-
foot, lot In Lomita Park offers exceptional ad- %
vantages. ■- Only 46 minutes from the city on
tbe San Mateo electric line; outside : the fog '
belt ; vwell located and drained ; | artesian | water: I
streets , graded; water : and ■' sewer pipes laid. ;
.Terms— A * first . payment ; of from $10 ■ up . and
balance at ■ $10 > per. month. -■ Easily within ' the •
reach of all. First placed on th* market Aug-
ust f 1 and ! over ' half now ; sold. - Must be aeen ,
. to be appreciated. : • Go down and lnvestigat* or
, write j to-day— *o-morrow may. be too lat* to
Becure a' choice. * ■ ;; . ■: ... -■-•■
: 8ELBY.RODGERS & CO.; / J r
"Main 673. I. > ' ' 116 California st
■■,-•■■• -.v.-Also at LOMITA PARK. ■ - - :
ELMHOBST. SEAL ESTATE. : ;-.'.'
/$600^ACREAGEr5*to" 10 acre tracts, $600
- - per acre; on S.. P. R. ;R. track. .-•••
$1000 — 4-room house and lot; r bath . pantry and
.toilet; .half Jblock. from -electric! cars.
':■ If you : want • suburban ; property see 'JAMES
J.' O'TOOLE.-.Elmhurgf: . - . .- '"■•■■"■"."
V SEAL .ESTATE i TO EXCHABTQE. V- ,'
OAKLAND \ Incomer" property; - trade', for ' subur-
- ban* homei Or .-ranch. L.; A."* SPENCER 472
, . Tenth '; Bt..iOaMatidrsa8JKK$pgf£ ■-: . , /''-"■■.-
. - .%-' ' PROPERTY WASTED. .'•" ;-. > - :■.
WANTBD«-In ' B."> F. .- or ; across '; bay, : modern' 8
.'•to 10 room: residence with' good: view;, marine
• • preferred:i 'rooms-' must r. be 'large; twill pay
cash $.7000 to $13,000 if BUited.' Box 8656, Call,
UTiAJ^JEBTA^^CT^—TO-a SAIiE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
25 POST ST.
Real Estate ' Agents and Auctioneers.
Rents Collected.- ,-- . ' Loans N«sotlated.
City Agts.v for Fireman's Fund Insurance Co.
' Publishers of the "Buyer . and Seller," a
monthly paper devoted to the Interest of real
estate owners and those Intending to invest.
Contains a full list of property for sale. Free
on application.
$16,000 — Splendid buy for 'development; lot'50x
, 120 to rear street; on prominent Western
Addition business 'st; within a few fe«t
■ of transfer point on ■ Fillmore st ; thre*
houses now renting for $S7 50 per month:
at small expense buildings could be
raised and stores put In. which, would
make this a fine holding. Y r -- l>
$10,000 — Mlsslon-st,- corner: ' business mvest-
raent; large ' lot ; extra depth and front-
age; store, flat... etc. : rents $900 per an-
• num; mortgage of $5000 can remain with
. bank at 6 per cent - -
$0.000— Castro st, near Market: store- -with
rooms and flat above . of 6 rooms and
bath: stab!* In rear; monthly rent
$44 60; large lot 37x125.
$27,500 — Kentucky st. corner; 3 frontages; bust-
ness property consisting of 3 stores and
6 flata, renting- for $185 per month; large
.. lot, 75x200.
$3,250— In the. vicinity of Eighteenth and Va-
lencia; 2 flats of B rooms and bath each,
7 , renting for $30 per month.
$19,000 — NW. corner on. 14th st, near Market;
■9 new flats of 5 and 8 rooms and bath ;
rent for $195 per month and the kind
that always rent; lot 33x88. <
$24,000 — Sansome-st. corner; right In the heart
of a business center: 8 stores and rooms
above renting for $202 per month; fine
lot 34x68. -
$10,500— Hyde st, near transfer point at Cali-
fornia; substantial 3-story frame building
- consisting of store and 2 flats above of 6
. and 6 rooms and bath: rents $72 50 per
month. This Is your opportunity. !
$8,000 — Albion ave., convenient to the electric
lines: 2-story house of 9 rooms and bath;
■ also building in rear containing 2 rooms;
large lot, 30x120.
$8,250— Vallejo st, near Van Ness av*.; dou-
ble frontage lot; street . work all done;
fine neighborhood; 2 flats and cottage;
rents $70. .. ' •■ '
$7,000 — Sacramento st. north side; lot . 25x
127:8)4; 2 new flats of 5 and 6 rooms and
bath each; rents $G5.
$0,750 — Clay 6t,"- sunny side, n*ar Stetner st.
and Alta Plaza: 2-story house, 7 rooms;
. bath, laundry, garden, front and rear;
sunny; lot 25x102:816.
PARNASSUS HEIGHTS.
Go out to Parnassus Heights and take the
youngsters with you. Fronting Golden Gate
Park, the Children's Paradise. The biggest
and happiest playground in Frisco. A home
there will give you — and them — a new grip
on life. . . ,
ii Parnassus Heights, the Ideal home site. The
advantages of a country atmosphere, with all
the city's conveniences. - Large lots, low prices.
Easy terms. Street I work done. Sewers, gas
and water in. Excellent oar facilities. 25
minutes to Kearny street.
CALL AT OUR OFFICE
And let us have a little heart-to-heart talk
about this proposition. It don't cost you a
cent to talk It over.
' BALDWIN & HOWELL,
25 Post Street
Branch office on the property, corner H
street and Seventh avenue. Open Sundays. ' t
ONLY A FEW LEFT.' r
$1 25 PER WEEK.
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
$200 for choice lots, Excelsior Homestead
Tract; level as a billiard table; on grade:
clo6e to fine school and ■ Mtssion-st electric
cars; bound to double in value.
$400 each On installments of $10 per month;
no taxes: fine, lots near Ocean boulevard;
I best residence location south of Golden Gate
Park; these are the cheapest lots In this dls-
f trict; advancing in price rapidly.
■> W. J. WHITE,
26 Montgomery st. r. 8. Phone Main 5704.
$10,500. INCLUDING bltumlnlilng of st: terms
to suit; 3 swell flata not yet completed; rents
.$1080 per annum; every known possible lat-'
•' est Improvement; 16 minutes from CltyHallr
7th-ave. boulevard, nr. Fulton st ; close to
the" Park; 6 car lines, 'one runs ail night.
Cull from 11 to 4, Seventh ave., nr. Fulton.
GOOD work our motto; prices moderate. AHL-
BACH & MAYER, plumbers. 830 Howard st
BEEKELEY ADVEBT'S'NTS
BERKELEY EEAL ESTATE.
$2800— AT 1423 Henry st; one-half block from
Berkeley Station: new 5-room cottage, high
basement; modern In every way; street work
complete. • : .-' ■'' •'■■-" -.
■ $1750 — 4-room cottage, wind mill and tank;
lot 40x100; street work comt>lete; 2 blocks
from North Berkeley Station.
$1500 — 4 acres of land within 2 blocks of
station, not .far out: best I buy east side of
the bay. ■
MORAN & SWAIN.
Opposite Berkeley Station.
HOLIDAY bargains in houses and lots;
: ranches for sale, to lrase or exchange. Open
> Sundays. D. R. RUTHERFORD, Notary,
Renting, Collecting, Insurance. Lorin, South
Berkeley. ■ ■ . - ' -.
OAKLAND". ADVEET ? S ? M ? TS
OFFICE. 1016 BROADWAY.
OAKI^ITDREAI, ESTATE.
• U C THIS!
.■■ / ' ■ '-' - /■ ; .' ■ •
IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A SNAP IN
A FIRST-CLASS. ELEGANT HOME, HOUSE
OF 9 ROOMS; LOT 50x150; FINE MARINE
VIEW; TERRACED LAWN; -STONE STEPS,
walks and wall with iron . fence
around entire property; 5 oak and.
maple: mantels; oak finish in hall
and dining room; construction
guttanteed,- as this was the for-
mer home of our governor and
built of the best material money
COULD BUY. PRICE ONLY $t5ir5O. EASY
TERMS.' - >
$3250 — Jlodorn Queen Anne house, located in the
1. exclusive neighborhood of Hamilton place,
choicest section Id Linda Vista; 7 large,
. sunny rooms, bath; modern plumbing; side
entrance with large sunny porch; 2 open
fireplaces; -china closets, \, etc.; large base-
ment with' Inside stairway; less than 15
; . minutes', walk from Fourteenth and'
Broadway or ; narrow gauge train;, easy
terms. This is a great sacrifice, as owner
• ' ■-. t mu9t " leave : town before ■ January 15 on
account of change In 'business. ' '■ -
$4200 — New, .. modern store - and flat; a rare
chance to get a good piece of business
property located " at the terminus of Key
route; flat ; rented 'under two years' . leas©
at $30 per month; store "will rent for $25'
per month; good opening' for any kind of
1 business. - ' •' .'
I KREIS3 & HORSWILL, ~"~"
• 1070 Broadway.
I DR. MERRITT ESTATE PROPERTY FOR
j SALE. :
1 we have been -appointed exclusive agents by
the trustees of the Samuel Merritt Hospital for
the sale of iall the property | belonging to the
said hospital ; and . fronting on Jackson, Madi-
son, Oak, - Twelfth and Thirteenth I sts., inci j<2-
ing "The Willows," on Oak st. extending back
to I Lake Mrrrltt,; recently under option to the
city • of Oakland for pa 1 k purposes ; also t hb
Merritt homestead.
1 .We have both Improved and unimproved
properties., to < offer; most ' desirable - residence ■
properties In Oakland.
FOR - PARTICULARS - CALL AND .SEE US.
. : .-, " ■-; J.\H. : MACDONALD & CO..
. ,'"• -, -;.- • . -1052 Broadway. . ■ -^ _
ELEGA NT residence lota, > 40x120 and 40x200 :
each;- In Piedmont' district; 3 short blocks to
1 .' '.'Key ? Route" . detx>t ; '■ 1 . block .- from "; Broad-.
way; .elevated ground; -fine, view: .street
* work complete:, entirely: new neighborhood;
30 mlnutento San- Francisco; convenient to-
' Country • Club. . ." " / • .. ■ . . • . •
FOR PRICES '-'AND\ TERMS.' SEH '
• J.H. MACDONALD & CO.'
/1052 Broadway. -
$875 CASH; $12 60 monthly; 4-room unfinished
.. cottage, v born, ■ chicken-house, ' Immense shade
• trees,, running mountains water, fruit-trees
•■-. In full \ bearing ; \very .-. fine . deep ; sandy ' loam
'X'\ soil: ■< good * well S of >*; water; ''■ near . cars ' and
i* 'schoolhouBe:':: eettleroent--butldlng- 'up - all
> around; * adjoining ". East •" Oakland ; • lot 127x
2TiO;- a ' big • piece - of ' fine ' land*, price In all
: $1750.' Call. or send for. circular.* 455 7th st^
*■ : opp." Broadway - station,^ Oakland: Carriage
ff free.rj H-;Z.* JONES.* owner/ ■ , r..r_ij" K ~>~. : .":. ;
'A" SNAP-^-Cholo* lot* U0xl25.*. BW. oor. 21st
and Myrtle sts. ;" will' be. gold as a'' who!* or
:'.' In: subdivisions; sold: to settle an estate. 1433
.-■ , Myrtle et.; ( Oakland. •■.;-, 7
OAKLAND ADyERT ? yM ? TS
OAgUUTD BEAI. ESTATE.
$2500 — BRAND "new. cottage; 5 rooms and
bath; large basement; large let; -handy to
all car. lines in Oakland. GEO. H. VOSE,
owner. 972 Broadway, Oakland.
$1500— HOUSE of six rooms, modern con-
veniences, must be sold. A. J. TAIT. 1526
Seventh - st. Oakland. ' ' •
■ j ■ — ■
OAKLAND BOOMS TO LET.
VERYsunny front rooms In new flat; near lo-
cal, trains and Telegraph ave. 486 Twenty-
third st. Oakland.
SEVENTH. 1759 M. Oakland— Nicely furnished
rooms for rent.
OAKLAND FUBHITUBS FOR. SAU3.
TOrMORROW the day for bargalnTlBrTurnn
tur*. H. Schelhaaa. Uth st. cor. store. Oakland
San Francisco Advertisem't's
ROOMS TOE HOTJ3KEEPI2TO.
BRYANT, 421— Two sunny. rooms, nicely fui>
nlshed lor, housekeeping; gas.
1 ■ i.
CALIFORNIA," 1272 — 2 large sunny rooms; fur-
nished complete for housekeeping.' '
•ELLIS. 1101 — Large front room with grate and
gas plate; completely furnished; $11.
EDDY, 743 — 2 sunny well -furnished hoos*-
- keeping rooms: gas range, yard, etc -
EDDY. .870 — Elegantly' furnished parlors; other
-. rooms for housekeeping; modern flat
ESSEX, 11, bet. First and Second, off Fol-
som — 3' sunny furnished housekeeping rooms;
gas; $13 50.
FIFTH. 353— Furnished housekeeping rooms,
$18; 2, $12 50: one single, $5.
GEARY, 946 — Cemfortable room. furnished
housekpff, with gas. $3 per month; suite $10.
GEARY, 1225-^-Nlce sunny bay-window suite;
all conveniences; fine view; also other choice
rooms; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 63,1 — Nice oincle house-
keeping rooms; reasonable.
HARRISON.." 405 — Furnished and housekeeping
rooms; coal and gas Moves, electric lights.,
hot and cold water, bath. ' "
HARRISON, S»7— Housekeeping and stngl*
furnished rooms to let.
HAYES. 481 — Nicely furnished room for one or
two gentlemen; bath, gas; housekeeping.
KNICKERBOCKER- Apartments. 1340 Pine-
Sunny furnished 3-room suites; steam heated.
electric lighted: free baths; rates reasonable.
LAGUNA, 1507, cor. Geary—^oiy 3-room suite;
newly (urn.; new flat; private: reasonable.
LARKIN, 413—1. 2 or 8 comfortable, furnished
rooms for housekeeping; gas and bath.
LARKIN, 502— Nicely furnished" sunny front
rooms; complete for housekeeping.
LARKIN. 1309— Large front room." atove; dos-
■ ets. run. water; all conv. for housekeeping.
MISSION, 911%. near Flfth-^Furolshed rooms
for housekeeping; gas stove; reasonable.
MISSION. 1219 — Furnished housekeeping rooms
- complete; no cnlldren.
■ . — '
MISSION. 1007, near 12th — Large sunny furn.
rtom. light housekeeping. $3;- gas, bath;
other rooms. \
OAK. 117 — Rooms complete, housekeeping-; $3
to $12; gas range; hot bath: adults.
O'FARRELL, 1395 — Two nicely furnished, sun-
ny front housekeeping rooms In new, sunny,
. corner flat. ' ■
PAGE, 278 — Two -connecting housekeeping
rooms; $15. . . ~v-' -
; .
j RAUSCH, 85, Dear Folsom — Large room, con-
, necting kitchen; sink; large yard; cent reas.
SACRAMENTO, 1514— Sunny rooms, neatly fur-
i - nlshed; suite or «ingle; light housekeeping.
BUTTER. 987 — Sunny basement floor of thre*
- room*. comDlete for housekeeping. . ■
THIRD. 308 — Nice, sunny housekeeping rooms;
transient; from 25c up; all clean and light
TWENTY-FOURTh7~3306, near Mission— Two
' unfurnished front, rooms for housekeeping;-
running water; no children. |
VAN NESS ave., 318 — Two or three furnished
j -- rooms for haekeg : bath. - phone, laundry.
VAN NESS, 421— Elegantly furn. front sunny
' suite; free phone; machine and bath; $23. ,'
VALENCIA. 674A — Housekeeping room; also 1
furnished to suit with or without us* of
■■ (kitchen. • . -
WEBSTER. 1229 — 3 or 4 rocms, complete for
, housekeeping;. phone and bath.
WEBSTER, 1354— Two or more sunny urtfur.
housekeeping rooms; adults; reasonable.
ROOM3 TO jLET— Pnt^ anajtTnfnrn.
ATKINS, cor. Third *t and Park lane — New
brick building; all sunny rooms; hot and cold'
water; electric lights; only first-class house
In locality; rooms $1 50 week and up.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 14S Sixth st— Rooms
• 25o to $1 per night $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping room*; open all night
AT "Th* Almonte," 873 Market st (or No. I
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 25c. 60c. $1. $1 50 night;
' $1 60 to $10 week ; house open all night
BELMOND House; over Owl drag store; 2 en-
trances. 1126 Market and 21 Turk— Electric
lights; running water in every room; 200
rooms; 25c to 50c per night; $1 25 to $3 week.
BUSH, 1 502— Fine rooms; all .comforts; central;
■ low rates. ■ 1 rs
BUSH, 1105. nr. Leavenworth — Pleasant sunny
room; gentleman; run. water; gas, bath, etc.
CALIFORNLV. 1264— Nice sunny room; front:
1 running water; large closet; gentleman or
lady. ' , • '
EDDY, 432 — Elegant furnished sunny suite
rooms; fine location: reasonable. ■
EDDY, .514— Fin* . furnished sunny- front
rooms; gas, bath, telephone. '.-,
FILLMORE, 2S17— Two or three nice newly
carpeted rooms; furnished or unfurnished. ,
GOLDEN GATB ave.. 439— One furnished room.'
GEARY, . 610. The Carl — Nice ' furnished rooms
■ by , the day. week or month. -
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 219— Front and single
rooms; also 2 housekeeping rooms with gas
. ■ stove and water. ' . •
GOLDEN GATB ave.^367 and 365— Newly fur-
■ nlshed sunny front rooms; also single; $2
up; bath. -^ • - .
GRAND -Southern 7th and Mission — Rooms 3Sc
to $1 25 night; $1 50 to $6 wk.; reading-room.
HOWARD, 715 — Furnished rooms, slngl* or
■ -double; . central location.. VmpB&ISa&ab
. 1 1
HOWARD, . 1608— Large housekeeping rooms.
JONES. . 961 — Sunny furnished -rooms; choice
' location. .7 -
LAGUNA. 1607,' cor. Geary — Coxy 8-room suite;
newly furn.; new flat; private; reasonable.
LARKIN. 804— Sunny back rooms; grates; for
gentlemen; $3 and $8; also housekeeping-. •
1 LOCUST , ave,." 6O8H — Sunny, front furnished
'room to let - -:" ' ' . ' . . ,
MARKET. 1049 (The Falmonth)— Sunny rooms;
' . $2 50 to $7 week; baths; *levator; also hlcpg.
METROPOLITAN Hotel. 129 Third st— 400
■ single and family rooms 35c to $1 50 per day,
12 to $8 per week;' the only new and modern
hotel ' and rooming-house '■ In' San Francisco
- that has office on: ground floor, hot and cold
-- water,' electric lights, call bells, steam heat
in every room and gives free bath* and ele-
vator service day and night to its quests.
MASON. 615A, near Sutter— Room and board
-; for lady in private family. . .-"
MINNA. '654— 1. "furnished, room to let in pri-
vate 'family;: front or back' parlor; . $8 to $12."
MINNA. . 669 — Nice- newly: furnished room;
suitable for 2 ; men." ..,..■-' \ ..
MISSION.* 6G1, near Second— Large front room,
with coal oil stove; suitable for one or two
■ gents, y -.'■'■'■ .
MISSION. ; 2427—1' stngle and newly furnished
"<, suite: : suitable: tor two or three gentlemen;
• ..modern' flat' ■ ■ . .'. ' - ... .
OAK, 42, near Market — Nicely furnished sunny
.-front , sartor, " suitable \ for married ' couple;
sunny ' bay-window front room.
O'FARRELL; : 20*- : -NlceIy' - furnished •• sunny
':' front . rooms; ; also ; single ; ? $2 50 up. '
O'FARRteLU '1491— Nlcfly 4 furnUhed room In
private family, suitable, for -two gentlemen.
PINE,' 1733. i block ■ from '.Van ' Nee*— Newly far-
' slshed sunny. room; bath; phone; r««sonafil*.J
BOOMS TO UT— Pmb. and Upturn.
PORTOLA, 63. . bet Stelner. and Pierce, off
Waller, near Duboce Park— Two nic« sunny
rooms; furnished or i unfurnished. -
POST. 505— Large, sunny, well furnished
room. $14: also two tingle rooms. $3.
ROYAL HOUSE: 126 Ellis— Incandescent Ila-nta:
reading-room tmoklng-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms per night. 3So to $1 50; week, $3
to $8; month. $S to' $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; Baths.
I SACRAMENTO. 1104 — Rooms furnished, partly
'furnished or unfurnished; cheap*
TAYLOR, 709, near Sutter— Nice furnished
room for 1 or 2.j fireplace; $9 month.
TAYLOR, 515B— South room, suitable 2; run-
ning water, clothes closet $10; smaller. $3-
THB ST. KATHRTN CORNER ELLIS AKD
LEAVENWORTH STS,— POSITIVELY TTTS
SUNNIEST ROOMS XX THE CITYr TOSW
; SANITARY HAIR MATTRESSES "BATHS.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS. TELEPHONIC SERV-
ICE. HOT AND COLD* WATER r EVERY
MODERN CONVENIENCE; ELEVATOR
ALL HOUTtfr: ROOMS FROM $3 WEgg.
•THE LAUNSTON." 110 Eddy— Beat tran-
sient and regular house In city, BOo and $1.
TO let^— Two • sunny front rooms: walking- "dis-
tance ; reference. Box 3$15. Call offlc*,
TURK. 123 — Clean, sunny furnished rooms,
with, board; suite or stngle; housek**pdns:
$5 up. ■
WILLOW are.. 14, off Larxin nr. Eddy— Fur-
nished room for gontlemen; $8.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy. nr. Market — M»
rooms SSc to $1 night. $1 75 to $8 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water In every
room; elevator, read. -room; fre* bu»; bajrga*'*.
WANTED — Clean, respectable, steady gontl*-
man roommate; elegant room; cln*«; cheap.
Box 8C50. Call offlc*.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st. nr. Markat—
Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooma;
SSc to $1 B0 nightly; $2 to $3 week; elevator;
glee, lights; reading-room; fre* bu»; baffago.
BOOMS AXTOBOABD.
H^TE^T^L^aIgLON^BOI " Geary *it— Larie.
sunny rooms, board: *ulte«, with board tor 2.
$50 mo.; single, with board. $23- up; special
family rates; Just renovated.
COMORA CThe>. 621 O* Farrell— Everything of
the best; -satisfactory rates; tabl*. rooms,
service. . '.,
MASON. 615A. nr. Sutter—Room and board for
lady in private family.
FRANKLIN. 110O— Board and sanny room*;
running; water: excellent table; reasonable.
SUNNY front room to rent with board; term*
reasonable. Box 2039. Call offlc*.
ELLIS. 914— Neatly furnished room and board!
reasonable.
CALIFORNIA. 807— Best rooms, table and *er-
vice in th* city for the, leaat money. • -
ELLIS. 453 — Splendid single rooms' with best
of French table board; reasonable.
SEWI2TO UACHXZTES AXTD SUPPLIES.
TUB { chance of a lifetime to buy the best
sewing machine In the world at little .price;
We have about ISO new White sewing ma-
chines that are slightly shopworn; w* shall
close them out at once at from tj to 1-3
usual price; also about SO machines of all
other nrak?s, good as new, at from. $5 to $i.»
each, at the new retail store of the Whit*
- Sewing Machine Co.. 915 Market St.
ALL makes; 2d hand. $2. $5. $7. $9; new.Jt, $8:
drop heads. 5 drawer, golden oak, $13; rented,
repaired: lowest rate*. National Automatic
• 6. M. Co., 143 Sixth st: tel. Jessie 3730.
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use; best
Is cheapest; second-band all makes at any
price; all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office. 1021 Market st. near Sixth.
ALL kinds second-hand S3. $3, $8; slightly
' Used $10, $15. $20; you know where the dolls
swing In the window. 1051 Market st
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. CHA9 PLAMBECK. 1915 Mission st.
'■ TYPEWRITERS AITS STJWImTCB.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier, $23; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 SO. Th*
■ Typewriter Exchange, 536 California t «t
'2 D- HAND typewriters sold, ranted, repaired.
. Winter Typewriting Inspec Co.. BOS Market
UQAL KOTICE3.
NOTICB— Office of Insurance Commissioner.
■ State of California, San Francisco, Septem-
ber 17, 19O4- — To Whom It May Concern:
Pursuant to the- requirements t>f section 505
', of the Political Code, notice is hereby given
that the' Thuringta Insurance Company of
Erfurt Germany, haa surrendered Its . c*r-
. t Ideate ot authority previously granted by
• this department, thus withdrawing from
' business In' this State, and said company Is
no longer authorized to transact business
therein. . E. MYRON WOLF.
Insurance Commissioner.
BAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. Dec. 15. 1904.— To
i whom it. may concern: Be It hereby know a
" that the copartnership heretofore existing
; between D. J. CHARA and F., J. MO.NA-
HAN, under the firm name of MON AIIA.N.
''O*HARA'& CO.. Is hereby dissolved. Th*
said D. J. O*HARA withdrawing from th*
said concern and his name discontinued.
DANIEL J. OHARA, F. J. MONAHAN.
PIVLUERP jTOTXCES. '..,.,..
DIVIDEND- NOTICES — Central Trust Company.
42 Montgomery street — For the six months
' ending ' December 31, 1904. dividends hav*
been declared on the deposits In the savings
department of this company as follows: On
- term deposits at the rate of 3' 8-10 per cent
per annum and on ordinary dspostts" at th-*
rate of a 1 * per cent per annum, free from
taxes and payable on and after '• Tuesday.
' January 3. 1903. N
H. BRUNNER. Caaalar.
DIVIDEND Notice — tan Francisco and Subur-
- ban Home Building Society. 6th floor. Mutual
t\ Saving* Bank building, 708 Market, st. *p-
'. poslte Third st — For the half-year endins
December 31. 1904, a dividend ha» been de-
clared at th* rate per annum of ten U>0> p«r
cent on capital stock and participating cer-
tificate", f rea from taxes, payable on and
after , Mondav January 58, 1U05.
JOSEPH A. LEONARD. Manager.
J. M. DUKE. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— California Safe Deposit
and Trust ■ Company, corner CailfornU and
Montgomery sts. — For the six months ending
Decent* 31.' 1004/ divldaeds have been de-
clared on the deposits In the savings depart -
. nient of this company as follows: On terra
deposits, at th* rat* of 3 6-10 per cent p«r,
' ■ annum, and on ordinary deposits at the rate
" of 3 per cent per annum, free- of taxes, and
payable on and after Tuesday, January 3,
1905.. J. DALZELL BROWN. Manager.
DIVIDEND notice — Mechanics' Savings Bank,
southwest corner Bush and Montgomery sta.—
For th* half year ending with December 31.
1904. a dividend has - been declared at th*
rate of three and one-quarter (3>-«> per cent
per annum on ail deposits, free of taxes, pay-
able on and after Tuesday, January 3. 190ft.
' Deposits bear interest from date received.
FREDERICK H. CLARK. Cashier.
HUMBOLDT Savings Bank, now at 6M Market
street, opposite Palace Hotel. - for the half-
year, endins December 31. 4904-. ha* declared
a dividend on deposits at the rate of thre*
and one-quarter (3 U> per cent per annum,
free of taxes; payable on and after Tues-
day, January 3, 1903.
■ .... ■■ W. E. PALMER. Caahler.
DIVIDEND notice— Savings and Loan Society.
101 Montgomery St., corner ot Sutter. ha*
declared a dividend for the term ending
December 31. 1004. at th* rate of thr*e an 1
. . one-quarter (3H) Per cent p«r annum on all
» deposits, free of taxes and jfciyable on ani
after January. 2. 1903. CYRUS W. CAR-
MANT. Cashier. , ' ■
DIVIDEND Notlce^ — San Francisco Savin?*
Union. 532 California st. cor. W«bb— For tie
half-year ending with th* Slst of December.
1B04. a dividend ha* b**n declared, at th»
rat* per annum of Uur** and oae-haU <3H>
per cent on term deposit*, and three (3) par
cent on ordinary deposits, fr** - of taxes.
payable on and after Tuesday. January 3.
•1908. ' LOVELL WlIITE. Caahler.
', DIVIDEND NOTICE— Mutual Savings Bank of
' San Francisco. 710 Market st— For the half-
year ending December 111. 19M. a dividend
has' been declared at the rata of thr»« *nt
one-quarter (Sfi) P«t «ent. p«r annum oa aii
deposits, free, of taxes, payable, on and aft«r
Tuesday. January 3. IMS. . OEOROE A.
■ STORY, cashier. - . .- .
THE Continental Buihllnjs and Loan , Associa-
tion of 301 California st.. flan Francises
has declared a dividend for . the six montM
endinit December 51, . 1904, ot ft per - cent p«*
■ annum on ordinary- deposits: .9 per cent en
term . deooslts and-7 p*r cent on cla*a "F"
• installment, miovk.. DB WASHINGTON
' DODCE. president;" WM. CORBTN, ««cr»tary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Tb* Cwrman Savings and
Loan 8ocl*ty. 528 California »t-»For-th*
' half-year December *U - I<»o4, a divi-
dend ha* been declared at the :ate of thre«
and on*-aaarier. <3 J i) per ' -.cut' per annum
. /pn all deposit*, fr** of Mjw*. mtiM* oa
- and after Tu-«i» v. Janu' fy 3, 1906. ■ ■
< GEOKGZ JpXTRStT. : 8«ar*t*xy.
910
..• b'TUTT__-_T> AVD STASH-EER-WO. .
EXPANSION V>r~__Li6u^"_r8CHOO_S^
•* •Downtown. S21 Franklin, near McAllister. 9
• to 12 Open-air school. blO Diamond «t.;'tel.
• C»app 5173: 1 to 5 p. m. Details at either.
• : , ;- EIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATH-l
'Urth marriage and death notices eent by
i _i' will -rot be inserted. They must be handed
in _t either cf the publication offices and be
■n-orsed with the name and residence of per-
fctia authorized to have the same published.
Nutlc»» restricted simply to the announcement
cf the event are published once in thl» column
f rvc of charge^ : - ■?■' ,
BORX.
BARGONES— In Alameda, Cal. to the wife of
J-rr.ee L. Bargones, a son.
LALdVNDE— In this city. December 19, 1904.
to tl_ wife of R. E. I— land*, a son.
DIEP.
Bartsow. Margaret— 75 McCarthy. E. P.— IT
. rentier. Albert C— 51 .McCarthy. Catherine— 2
Carr. Annie McDonough. Frank— 43
'Hvagt—ro.Glovannl — 53'McGlynn. Hanora
Covic. Peter— M Nel^n. Mary C.— 60
Cullen. Paul A. !Pennington.\ ivianne— 2
I>olan. Lawrence— €2 JPotter. Barbara S.— 3
Enrlish. Warren B.— 2C months.
Hadley Ar.ne-73 Ramoz. Trlnia.a_T73
Harris. L*ita T.— 21 Reynolds. Michael— 69
Larsea Laurlt* C— 21 Suclch. Peter— 66
Lletx. Elea— 14 .Whidden, Mrs.B.A.— «7
__6mo. Simon— 37 IZett. Harold E.— 5 mos
BARSTOW— In this city. December 26, 1804,
' -Margaret Barstow, a native of Glasgow,
' Scotland, agfd 75 years.
SERTHIER— In this city. December 24 1904.
Albert C. Berthler. beloved brother of 'Mrs.
• .Sands Fcrman. a native of Virginia City.
aged 51 ytare.
CTThe funeral will take place to-day
" (Tuesday), under the auspices of the Fruter-
n*l Order of Eagles No. 5. from L-yric Hall.
121 Eddy street, where services will be held.
pomm«nd!ng at 1 p. ra., thence to* Eighteenth
aod Guerrero street*, via electric car. Is*
1 ferment Oyprees Lawn Cemetery. Remains
' it tb* funeral parlors of James McGinn _
• .Co.. 214 ddy etreet.
CARR — In this city. December 26. 1&04, An-
r.i* beloved wife of Thomas F. Carr, . and
• mother of James F. Carr. a native cf
• * •.•our.ty Galway. Ireland. (Virginia City,
• Nev., papers please copy.)
, c^FrlT.ds and acquaintances, are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• < Wednesday), at S:30 a. m-. from her late
residence. !*4 Ivy avenue, near Buchanan
• Ktreot. thence to St. Joseph's Church, where
- a requiem maes will be celebrated for the
repose cf ber eoul. commencing at 9 o'cloc—
Interrnent Holy Cross Cemetery.
CAVAGNARO — In this city, December 28,
1J«O4. Giovanni Cavagnaro, beloved sow of
th* late Luigi Cavagnaro. and brother of
riosa Demartini. a native of Verxi. Llgure,
- Italy, aged 63 years and 6 months.
t^"Fri*-n<1s and —cquaintancee are reepeet-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Wednesday), at 1 p m.. from the under-
taking p_rlors of Valente, Marinl & Co.,
II&4 Stockton street. Interment Italian Cem-
etery
COW1E: — In this city. December 26. 1904, Peter
Cowte. a native of Scotland, aged 44 years.
CULLEN— In this city. December 24. 1904.
Paul A., beloved eon of the late William
Cullen, and brother of John J.. Mary E-.
Theresa and Annie D. Cullen. a native of
"Weshtngton.
(£_»• The funeral will take place to-day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 a. m.. from the parlors
of the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking Com-
pany. 2O Fifth etreet. thence to St. Roee's
Church, where a solemn requiem maes will
be celebrated for the repoae of hie *oul. com-
mencing at 9 a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, by electric funeral car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
DOLAN— In this city. December 25. 180*.
Lawrence, beloved husband of Delia Dolan,
and father of Mary William L. and Nellie
Dolan Mrs. C. E. Lewis. Mrs. William A.
Cnoke and the late John M. and Malachl J.
Dolan. a -native of County Galway, Ireland,
egf-d C2 yrars.
Pt~TFrl?nds and acquaintances are reepect-
fully invited to attend the funerai to-day
(Tuesday*, at 9 a. ra., from his late resi-
dence. 560 Pennsylvania avenue. near
• Twenty-second street. Potrero. thence to St.
Teresa'« Church, where a requiem high mass
will bo celebrated for the repose of his soul
at 9:00 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cem-
etery.
ENGLISH — In Oakland. Cal., December 26,
1304, Warren B., beloved eon of Warren B.
and Clara N. English, and brother of Nor-
ris. Hancock and Donald English and Mrs.
Arthur Maillnn. a native of Oakland, aged
26 years and 7 months.
lETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral service*
Wednesday morning-, December 28, at 10:30
" o'clock, at the residence of his aunt, Mrs.
William D. English. 128 Tenth street. Oak-
. land. 1'iterment private. *^. . ;v: .
1 tlADUEY— In Fruitvale, Cal., December 26.
. 1904. Anne, beloved wife of the late D. X_
Hadley. . and loving- mother of - William D.,
• Charles B., Frederick L. and Margaret M.
• Hadley, a native of England, aged 73 years
and 9 months.
CT'Date of funeral to be announced later.
HARRIS— In this city. December 26. 1904. of
• scarlet fever, Leita Theodora Harris, beloved
daughter of Theodore H. and the late Alice
; Harris, sister of Mrs. Harry Drelchman, and
granddaughter of Mrs. A. II. Luther, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 21 years 9
months and 5 days.
•LARS EN — In this city. December 26. 1901.
L.auritz C. Larsen. beloved son of the late
Mrs. Inger C C. l_rsen. and brother of Al-
fred T. Larsen, a native of California, aged
21 years A months and 5 days. A member
- of the Eagles Lodge of Marlines.
L-IETZ— In thto city. December 25. 1904, Elsa
Lietz, beloved daughter of Adolph and Au-
gusta Lietx. a native of San Rafael. Cal..
—red 14 years 7 months and 12 days.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow tWednesday). at 11 a. m.. at the
First Presbyterian Church, corner Fifth and
E streets, San Rafael. Interment private.
MADINO— In the City and County Hospital.
December 26. 1904, Simon Madino, a native
of Mexico, aged 37 years.
MrCARTHY— In this city. December 24. 1904,
Edward P.. beloved son of John and Frances
X McCarthy, a native of San Francisco, aged
17 yea re.
CTThe funeral will take place to-day
(Tuesday), at 9 a. m., from the residence of
his parents, 1018 McAllister etreet, thence
to Holy Cross Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
■oul. commencing at 9:30 a. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
McCARTHT— In this city. December 26, 1904,
Catherine M.. beloved daughter of Edward
and Grace A. McCarthy, and sister of Gerald
McCarthy, a native of San Francisco, aged
2 years 3 month* /»nd 7 days.
McDONOUGH— In this city, December 28, 1904,
Frank, dearly beloved husband of Sarah
McDonough, and father of Lillian M. Mc-
Donough. a native of Ireland, aged 43 years.
McGLTXN — In this city, December 25. 1904, |
Hanora, beloved wife of the late Thomas
McGlynn, and devoted mother of John F.,
Mary T. and Annie McGlynn. a native of
Wood view, Ccunty Cork. Ireland.
C-yThe funeral will take place to-day
/ (Tuesday), at 0:30 a. m.. from her late resi-
dence. 216 Third avenue. Richmond, thence
.' to Star of the Kea Church, wtiere a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
PoeS— of her fouI. commencing at 10 a. m.
• Friends and acquaintances are respectfully
invited t« attend the mass. Interment pri-
vate. Jn Holy Cross Cemetery.
NELSON— In Oakland. Cal., December 26.
11104. Mary Cecelia, wife of the late George
H. Nelson, and beloved mother of Jesafe R
and Wallace Nelson. Mrs. Mabel Lea veil and
Mn>. Albin R. Johnson, a native of New 4
Tork, aged 50 years 8 months and 28 days
PENNINGTON— In this city. December 26,
1904, Vivlanne Ina. -beloved child of Thomas
and Sarah Jane Pennlngton, and deter of
Thomas E-. Mary Elizabeth and E. R. Pen- i
.nlngton. a native of San Francisco, aged 2
years and 19 day«.
ItTFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
CWednesday). at 1 p. m.. from the residence
• of ber parents. 834 Shotwell street, thence I
T»y electric funeral car from corner of Thir-
tieth street and Ban Jose avenue, at 1*43
p. m., to CypresB Lawn Cemetery for Inter-
ment. Kindly omit flowers.
POTTER. — In this city, December 25 1904.
Barbara Swain Potter, daughter of* Wini-
fred W. and May Hume Potter, and elster
of Helen Hume Potter, a native of San
Francisco, Cal., aged 3 months and 23 days
EXFuneral private. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery. Oakland. Cal. '
RAMOZ — In this city. December 24. 1904, Trin-
idad, beloved husband of Ignada Perez de
Ramoz. and beloved father of Clara B de
Valdez. Enrique Ramoz and Mrs. Trinidad
B. de Na varro, a native of Slnaloa, Mexico,
aged 73 years.
REYNOLDS — In this city, December 25,~*19O4
Michael, husband of Catherine Reynolds!
father of Bernard and Elizabeth Reynolds
and brother of Bernard Reynolds and the
late Mrs. Foye, a native of Ireland, aged 69
jeare.
JE7The funeral ' will take place to-day
• Tuesday), at 1 p. m.. .from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 707 Mission street
thence to St. Patrick'* Church for services'
commencing tt 1:30 p. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. . •
SUCICH — In thlsv city. December 23 19O4
Peter Sucich. beloved husband of Mary Jane
Suclch. a native of : Austria, aged* UJ years
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect'
fully Invited to attend the; funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 12:30 p. in., from the. parlors
cf Valente. Marinl _ Co... 1524 Stockton
«treet. t hence to 413 . Sutler ' etreet . where
services will be held under the aus'plces of
the Austrian Benevolent Society. - Interment
• • Mount Olivet Cemetery. -.■;■? -■ -
WHIDDEN — In Oakland. Cal.. December 25.
Tel. .Mission 31. ••
F. J. MONAHAN
■ FUNERAL DIRECTOR AND* EMBALMER.
2259-2341 Mission et.. near Nineteenth, v.
Sen Francisce,
1304. Mrs/ Sarah 'A. Whidden. beloved
mother of • George A. and Myron A. Whid-
den, a native of New Hampshire, aged 87
years 11 months and 10 days.
(CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Tuesday), at 10:30 a. m.. at
residence of Mr. Myron A. Whidden. 449 \v est
Moss avenue, between Telegraph avenue and
Broadway. Oakland. Interment private.
ZETT— In this city. December 25, 1904j
Harold Edward, youngest and beloved child
of August L. and Alma Zett. and brother
of Emma and Elsie Zett. and grandson
of John and Rosa Todt and Mrs. Mary A.
Zett, a native of San Francisco, aged 5
■ months and 14 days.
IE7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend . the funeral to-day
(Tuesday). December 27. at 2 p. m.. frcm
the residence of his parents, 28^5% Mission
street, between Twenty- fourth* and Twenty-
fifth. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by
electric funeral car from Thirtieth street
and San Jose avenue.
PIONEER SEED
GROWER'S LIFE
IS AT AN END
SAN JOSE. Dec. 26.— J. M. Kimber
lln, one of the largest seed growers in
the State and a pioneer of 1852, died
at his home in Santa Clara this morn
ing at the age of 77 years. He was
professor of languages in the Univer
sity of the Pacific from 1853 to 1875,
retiring in 1875 to take up agricul
ture. He was one of the earliest to
engage in seed growing in this State
and accumulated a considerable for
tune In that industry. He was a na
tive of Virginia. Nine children, all
adults, survive him.
DIES IN ST. IJOUIS.
ST. LOUIS, Dec. 26. — The body- of
Mrs. B. A. Boole, agred 74, _of San
Francisco, who died yesterday noon
of diabetes in the Southern Hotel, was
shipped to San Francisco, where the
funeral and interment will take place.
Accompanying the body are her aon,
W. A. Boole, and her three daughters,
Mies Boole, Mrs. W. S. Davis and Mrs.
J. D. McKee, all of whom have been
staying: with their mother at the
Southern. -
Mrs. Boole reached St. Louis on De
cember 3, en route to Boston. Having
become ill, she decided to stay here
a few days to regain her strength. In
stead of improving, however, her
health steadily declined. For several
days prior to her death she was un
conscious.
Contra Costa Pioneer Dies.
WALNUT CREEK, Dec 26. — D. "r:
McPherson, a pioneer resident of
Contra Costa County, Was found dead
in bed this morning at his home, be
tween Walnut Creek and Danville.
Death was caused by heart failure
and life had been extinct for some
time when the body was found this
morning. Miss . McPherson went to
awaken her father and found that he
had passed away some time during
the nishL '«*'.".;";'
Mr. McPherson was 70 years of age
and had lived in Contra Costa County
for more than fifty years, having come
to California from Kentucky, his na
tive State, in 1849. He was a widower
and leaves a family of seven daughters
and four sons, all of whom are mar
ried except one son and one daughter.
The latter live at the father's home.
Mr. McPherson leaves a $100,000 es
tate. Arrangements.. for the funeral
have not been completed. It will prob
ably he held Wednesday.. V.-yf/S-x
Death of Ex-Congressman's Son.
OAKLAND. Dec. 26.— Warren B.
English Jr., son of former Congress
man Warren B. English, died to-day
at Fabiola Hospital after an illness of.
a little more than two weeks from
typhoid fever.
The young man's death was a severe
shock to his parents, who had hoped
that the progress of the fever might
be checked. Everything that medical
skill could do availed nothing. Young
English's illness became alarming s a
week ago.
Born twenty-seven years ago in
Oakland, the young man was educated
in this city. For'years he had been in
the employ of the National Cash Reg
ister Company in San Francisco. He
had a host of friends and had been
successful in his business engagements.
The funeral will be held Wednes
day morning at 10:30 o'clock from the
residence of Mrs. William B. English,
128 Tenth street, the family home be
ing near Santa Rosa.
Plonecr Woman Passes • Away.
OAKLAND. Dec. 26.— Mrs. Sarah A.
Whidden, the mother of Myron A.
Whidden/ Chief Deputy County Audi
tor, died suddenly yesterday afternoon
at her home, 2010 Broadway. Mrs.
Whidden, who was 88 years old, was
a pioneer resident of Alameda County,
having lived in Oakland v for twenty
five years. She was the widow of the
late William Whidden. who at the
time of his death was a member of
the Board of Trustees - of Alameda.
She leaves t two sons, Myron A. ' and
George A. Whidden. The funeral will
beheld to-morrow morning at 10:30
o'clock from the residence of^ her son,
M. A. Whidden, 449 West Moss avenue.
The service will be conducted by. the
Rev. E..R. Dille. Interment at Moun
tain View Cemetery.
Mrs. Louisa Hartcry Dead.
HA Y WARDS, Dec. > 2 6.— Mrs. Loulsi
Boddy Hartery, one of the pioneer
women of the West.. died, early Satur
day morning at her home In Haywards
at the age of 74 years. Mrs. Hartery
and her daughter, Mrs. Katherine Hat
ton, were the only survivors of the
massacre attending the Modoc Indian
uprising in Oregon in 1872, and Mrs.
Hartery, then Mrs. ' Boddy, w^as : the
only woman to receive damages from
the Government for losses in '.the up
rising, her first husband, two { sons and
son-in-law having been killed by the
savages. The remains will be taken
to Jacksonville, Or., and interred be
side those of her husband and sons.
CATTLE, SHEEi* AND HOGS.
Omaha.
OMAHA. Neb.. Dec 26.— CATTLE— Re
ceipts. 1100; steady to strong. \: Native steers,
*3 2r»S« 10; cows and heifers. $2 60@4 10:
W« stern steers. $3@4 75; (Texas steers $2 754*
3 C5; range cows and heifers, $2 35©3 65; can
ners, $1 B0S2 25; stockers and feeders. $2 60®
4; calves. $385 50; bulls and - stags, $1 . 75©
HOGS — Receipts. 900; steady. Mixed. $4 40
@4 42H: "Iht. $1 42tf«4 46; pigs. $4@4 40;
bulk of sales. S4 40^>4 42%. . . T Z% ,'
SHEEP— Receipts. 700; steady. Western
yearlings. $4 S5®5 35; wethers, $4 70®5 25*
ewes, $3 75@-4 35; common and stockers. { 2 50
€4 60; lambs. $5 25@6 25.
Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. Dec - 26.— CATTLE—
Receipts. 2000. Native steers,- $3 B0©6 25;
native cow» and heifers, $1 75®*; mockers and
feeders. %'Z 60(85; bulls. $2®4; calves.* «3@6 25
•Western steers, ?3@5 ; .Western cows, > SI 75®
3 50. '■'. . --.-;■'■■! ■ ■_.. .;■ \ . r :<"■.-■■■:.:
.HOGS— Receipts. 3000; steady to strong. Bulk
of eales. $4 3O@4 55; heavy,' $4 50@4 CO; pack
ers. $4 4004 55; pigs and light, J3 7&@4 45
SHEEP— Receipts, v 2000; - steady., = Muttons,
lambs. $5^0 60; rang* wethers,' $4(25 50;
* w««. S3®4 CO.
THE SAN gRANCISCO GALIi,t .TUESDAY;: DECEMBER 27, 1904.
RUDE BOREAS SPOILS
PLANS FOR CHRISTMAS
STEAMSHIP ANUBIS ARRIVES
Passengers Celebrate Holiday at Sea
The Kosmos liner Anufcls, following
close on the heels of the Nekoi arrived
yesterday from Hamburg and South
and Central American ports. When^the
Anubis left Manzanillo Captain" Reim
ers expected to reach here in time to
spend at least the latter, half of Christ
mas day at this port. The north wind,
however, interfered with the carrying
out of the programme. The Anubis
was light and high enougn out'of the
water to give rude Boreas something
to blow at. As the wind stirred up the
sea the order to reduce. speed was given
as the effort to overcome with a flying
rush the opposition of the elements
proved disconcerting to the passengers.
Christmas was celebrated at sea and
after dinner officers and passengers
gathered around a broom, daubed with
green paint and decorated with electric
light globes and pretsels, and wished
each other the compliments of the sea
son. !
Henry C. Sergeant, one of the pas
sengers, was the victim of a painful
accident on Christmas . eve. Sergeant,
who la an elderly man, Is .very short
sighted. While ashore at Acapulco he
lost his eyeglasses, thus adding to his
handicap. Walking across the saloon
on Christmas eve Sergeant tripped
over a stool. The ship was rolling
heavily and the passenger was sent
with a crash, against a bulkhead, frac
turing a bone in his shoulder. .
, At San Benito a large man-eating
shark was captured by the crew of tho
Anubis and slain on deck for the en
terjtainment of the passengers.
The Anubis brought f 1876 tons of
cargo. This included thirteen bars of
copper bullion valued at about $60,000.
She brought a large shipment qf coffee,
alligator hides and ore. '/■
Her passengers, included the follow^
ing:
Henry C. Sergeant, J. G. Harrell, George R.
Elsart, J. L. Milllgan. Miss Elizabeth Wlesen,
Mr. and Mrs. Charles A. Lesher and daughter,
Mrs. E. Mordaunt, Miss B. M. Mordaunt,-Mel
rose Mordaunt.
Cliehalis Has Narrow- Escape,
The steam schooner Chehalis, -which arrived
yesterday from Grays. Harbor, had* a 'narrow
escape from destruction b! most at the end of
her voyage. She passed through, the, heads
safely, but barely was she inside when her
tail shaft broke, leaving the vessel helpless in
swift running waters. Fortunately , for vessel
and all on board Captain Johannson has a
level head and a brain that acts quickly. The
anchor was dropped and, again fortunately,
found a holding place on the bottom. Had the
*haft gone while the vessel was passing
through the heads, nothing could have | saved
her I and her danger would have been equally
great had the anchor failed t* hold. Th«
Chehalis was towed to Mission street, where
she landed her passengers. She left yesterday
afternoon for the south In tow of the steam
schooner Northland. =-.."•; »
Rammed by Her Escort.
The barkentine Fullerton, which arrived yes
terday from the Columbia River in tow of the
steamer Whittler, was run Into by the Whit
tier on December 23 and damaged to the ex
tent of about $1000. The vessels were about
80 miles south of the Columbia River, bucking
a stlft southeaster. The hawser parted and
when she tried to put another line aboard the
Fullerton the Whittier*f sharp nose poked itself
deep into the barkentine' s side. The Puller
ton's guard planks were stova In and the
woodwork Jn her cabin was much damaged.
Water Front Xotes.
The tust Champerico, which left here for
Champerico with the lighter Quezaltenango in
tow, arrived on Christmas day at her des
tination.
Thirteen vessels of all sorts and sizes sailed
yesterday for coast porta. Among the depar
tuics were the steamers City of Pueblo and
Santa Ros&, both scheduled to leave on Christ
mas day, but held In port on account of the
holiday.
The brig Tanner Is once again tempting fate
on the open sea. She sailed yesterday for Port
Angeles. She came in here . leaking like a
sieve and afty, being repaired as .well as &
fifty-year-old wooden vessel can be has started
out to make a voyage that, at this time of
year, tries the timbers of the stoutest ves
sels.
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE. \
Steamer. • From. | Due.
Del Norte. .". . Tacoma Dec. 27
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts. Dec. 27
Elizabeth.... Coqullle River ........ Dec. 27
J. Higglna Redondo ..'. Dec. 27
Czarina Coos Bay Dec. 27
Rainier. ...... Seattle ft Belllngham. . Dec. J 27
Eureka...... Humboldt '..... Dec. 27
Curacao Mexican : Ports ...... t. Dec. 27
Alameda. .... Honolulu Dec. 27
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports .... Dec. 27
Porno. ....... Point Arena W Albion . Dec. 27
Pomona Humboldt Dec. 28
F. Kilburn... Portland & Coos Bay. Dec. 28
Nebraskan... Seattle ..;.... Dec 28
Point Arena. . Mendoclno A Pt. Arena. Dec 29
Banta Rosa. . San Diego' & "Way Pts. Dec. 20
Coronado Grays Harbor Deo 28
O. Dollar Grays Harbor ..-.;... - Dec 29
Columbia. . . . Portland & Astoria Dec 30
Bonlta Newport & .Way Ports. Dec 31
China........ China & Japan..... ,... Dec 31
Jeanie; Seattle & Tacoma. .... Dec 31
Breakwater.. Coos Bay Dec 31
£ lty . P^ a- u • • S ew Tork vla Ancon • • Dec " 3i
North Fork.. Humboldt ...: .... Jan. 1
Queen Puget Sound Ports.... Jan. 1
Arctic Humboldt Jan 1
Sierra. ....... Sydney , & Way Ports. Jan! , 2
Baxonla...... Seattle .......:........ Jan! 2
S.Barbara... Grays Harbor ..Jan 2
Aurella. ..... Portland & ; Astoria. . . . Jan. 4
, TO SAIL. .■-■•'
' 8teamer.' Destination. Sails. Pier.
December 27. . *V ~*
Breakwater. Coos Bay direct.... 5 pm Pier" 8
8. Monica.. Grays -Harbor. ..... 10 am Pier -2
Corona. . . . . Humboldt ? .... .'. : . . 1 -30 n Pier ' S
N. Fork.... Humboldt ......... 9 am Pier 20
Arcata Coos B. ft Pt 1 Orfd 12 ? m Pier 13
Ar»o. ...... Eel River Ports. . . 4 pm pi e p 2
December 28. . :
Arctic. .... Humboldt 0 am Pier 2
Mongolia..'. China &' Japan lpm Pier 40
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Elizabeth.. Coqullle River .... ...... Pier 20
■'tv<-S£.f, ;•—>*». . December 29. ■'.:-',■ ,-;-.•-.,.;
Porno Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
State of Cal Ban Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Newburg... Grays Harbor...... 4 pm Pier 10
Coos Hay... San Pedro &• Way. 9 am Pier 11
Eureka..... Humboldt :;...:...". » am Pier 13
Czarina.... Coos. Bay -direct.".. 6 pm Pier '■ 8
Homer..... Grays Harbor. .'..■.. ...... Pier —
December 30.^ | "- - / ■ -
Pomona... . . Humboldt - ....... .\ 1 :3o p Pier 9
G. Llndauer Grays Harbor. . . . . . 6 pm Pier ' 2
December 31.
Alaskan.... New Tork direct.. ...... pier—
Marlposa . . . Tahiti direct ..... 11 am Pier 7
Umatllla. .. Puget ■' Sound ' Ports. 11 am Pier J- 1
Alameda... Honolulu ,...". -..".'.'. ll'am pier X7
San Jose... N. Y. via Ancon.. 12 m Pier 40
F. Kilburn . Portland & • Way . ; . ' 4 pm Pier 27
Rainier..... Seattle & Bllnghm 4 pm Pier 10
Point Arena Pdnt . Arena v. ..".'.". 4 pm Pier? 2
Coronado... Grays Harbor.... .; 4 pm Pier 10
IMfSjB^tfSBt January 2. f
Columbia. . Astoria j & : Portland 11 am Pier 24
Jeanie..... Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
G. Dollar. ..Seattle ............ .;:... pier —
:-- •■/..-:. . •'-.-' FROM BEATTLB. : ' .' ,./:V : .: ;
I •■ Steamer. ,■ Destination.' Sails.
Ramon*..... . Bkagwayil Way. Ports. Dec. 28
Jefferson.*;... Bkagway . &>Way v Ports. Dec 29
Cottage City. . Skagway & Way j Ports : Decr ? 81 i
Santa Ana..*. Beldovla '&• Way. i Ports. JanVs 1'
Farallon..... Ska gway ' & ?Way; Ports: Jan.- , 3
Sun, • Moon : and •: Tide.
United States Coast » and : Geodetic Survey—
- .Time and Height of. High and Low .Waters
' , at Fort ; Point.--- entrance ito , San > Francisco
Bay. i Published by official authority of the
Superintendent; *■ * '.-.?, Vif -.-.'■ --»■->
• ■ NOTEr-The ; high ; and * low ;. waters occur - at
the ; city front (Mission-street '.wharf) ' about ! 25
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
, SAN FRANCISCO, Dec 28— 6 p. m. .
The t ol Jowlntr are the ■ seasonal . rainfalls . to
date as compared with those of the same data
last season, and the rainfall In the last twen
ty-four hours ;
Last ' Thla Last -:
Stations. ,~ 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka .......;... 0.00 ..... 17. 34
Red Bluff ....... 0.00 11.98 ,11.82
Sacramento 0.00 8.23 4.44-
San Francisco .... 0.00 9.63 6.02
Fresno ..... .. 0.00 - 5.31 0.90 ,
Independence . .. : . 0.00 S' 0.45 0.42
San Luis Oblspo.'. .0.00 '4.97 -' 0.8a ';
Los-Anseles 0.00 1.88 . 0.43 ■
San Diego ........ .0.00 1.79 0.42
THE COAST RECORD.
• S •* - Jt) Oh af» <<*:
3 «'K 72. ~3 *£■• - 2.
ST.™*.. j ||||-i|: §:■ 1
• ! m° = If-
: : — 1__? * _L
Baker .......80.60 16 8 SB Cloudy. .00.
Carson .. 30.42 28 6 B ' Cloudy .00 I
Fresno ......30.22- 50 ' 80 E Cloudy .00 !
Flagstaff 30.22 28 — 2? NE Cloudy/ .00 i
Pocatello ....30.6tf 18 — 4 E Clear .00 \
Independence .SO. 26 40' 20 SB Cloudy .00 !
Lbs Angeles.. 30. 14 60 4.0 W Cloudy .00'
Mt Tamalpals.30.20 38 . . NE Pt.Cldy .00
North Head. .30.12' 44. 38 B Cloudy .02
Phoenix .....30.16 54 36 SW Cloudy .00
Portland ... .30.20 : 40 34 E Cloudy , .01
Red Bluff. . . .80.22 50 34 B Clear .00 ;
Roseburg 30.20 38 42 8 * Cloudy . .00 ',
Sacramento . .80.22 48 50 N Pt.Cldy .00 !
Salt -Lake.... 30.02 22 .. N Oear .00 i
San Fraincisco.30.22 50 44 B Pt.Cldy .00 i
S. L. Obispo..30.18 58 44 S aoudy .00 !
San Diego. ...30.08 62 44 BE Cloudy .00!
Seattle . .....30.26 .44 32 NE Pt.Cldy .00
Spokane ......30.50 30 18. NE Cloudy .00 I
Tatoosh ....'.80.14 42 34 E Cloudy .00
Wall* W^alla. 30.46 34 26 SB Pt.Cldy .00 j
Winnemucca .30.52' 28 4 N : Clear .00 I
Yuma ..... ...30.20 56 '46 >N Pt.Cldy .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
■ Generally cloudy weather prevails over the
Pacific Slope and fair weather in the Rocky
Mountain regions. At Pocatello the 1 barome
ter reads 30.66. .West of. the Sierras and Caa- »
cades ■ the temperature Is from 2 to 8 degrees f
below the normal, '* while to the east of those
mountains it ranges from 10 to 25 degrees be
low, normal. The temperature Is below zero
in Wyoming this evening. ■ !
Forecast made at San Ftanclsco for thirty
hours, ending midnight, : December 27:
California, north of Tehachapi— Generally
doudy f Tuesday: ' light northerly wind.' » *
California, south of" Tehachapi — Cloudy
Tuesday; light northeast wind.
Nevada — Cloudy Tuesday; continued cold.
'Son Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Tuesday;
llsht north wind. - ' ■
• Los Angeles and vicinity— Cloudy : Tuesday;
Hsht northeast! wind. ■•■»/. , .
Sacramento and vicinity — Cloudy Tuesday.
FTesno and vicinity— Cloudy , Tuesday.
; G. H. WILLSON.. Local Forecaster.
minutes later than at Fort Point; th« height
of tide i is the same at both ' places.
; , TUESDAr.~DECBMBER 27.
Sun rises ....... . v . 7:23
Sun' sets 4:6T
Moon "rises 10:35 p. m.
: 0 1 iTime . jTlme . ITime Time
P ! Ft..[ (Ft. [ Ft. Ft.
■? |HW ; |L W : !H W L W
2T 3:25 6.0 8:49 -2.5 2:42 4.7 9:10 '0.4
2S 4:12 5.3 10:02 ' 2.3 3:55 4.2 10:O4 1.0
2» 5:00 5.4 11:12 1.8 5:18 ! 3.9 11:07 1.0
30 I 5:50 5.4 12:22 1.3 S:42 3.9 ..... .....
1L W TH W )L W HWI j.,
31 I 0:02| 2.Q 6:41 5.7| 1:28 . 0.7| 8:05| 4.0
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left,
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; 'the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but " three tides, as
sometimes occurs. « The ■ heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the j depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference ia the mean
of the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office. TJ. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.
. December 27. 1904. ,.
The Time Ball on the tower; of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1 e.. at noon of the 120th meridian or at 8
p'. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U. 8. N., in charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED. /
Monday. December 26.
■ Br stmr Tottenham, Peters, 4 days from
Ladysmlth.
Ger stmr Anubia, Relmers, 105 days from
Hamburg, via llazatlan 5 days 0 hours.
Stmr G. C. Llndauer, Allen,- 64 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Prentls»,\ Ahletrom, 66 hours . from
Grays ' Harbor. ■
Stmr Corona, Glelow, 19 . hours from Eu
reka, • ,
Stmr Chehalis. - Johansson, 50 hours from
Grays Harbor, bound south, put In to land
passenaer». . '
- Stmr Centralla, Ericsson, 67 hours from
Grays . Harbor. '. bound - south, put in to land
passengers. '■■> ■'. . ■
Stmr State "of; California, Thomas, 41 hours
from San Diecro.
Stmr Norwood, Martin, 86 hours '-. from Se
attle, bound Bouth, put In to land passengers.
. Stmr. Gipsy, Leland, 26 hours from Monterey.
'; Stmr - Newburg, Johnson. ' 68 hours from
Grays Harbor. ' .,
' Stmr Pasadena, Henrlckson, 28 hours from
Eureka. ■ -■''■.
Stmr ■ Arcata, Maegenn, 52 hours from Coos
Bay.
Stmr Mackinaw, Storrs, 4 days from Ta
coma.' : .: .
Stmr Santa ; Monica, Olsen, ' 43 x hours from
Redondo. . ' > ; - ■ " . . ,' "
■4 Stmr Tampico, Roberts, . 4 days , from Ta
eoma. • ' . • .-/
' Stmr Samoa, Madsen, 4$ hours from San
Pedro. i^sgSSgBaSSP***^ * ■ ' ' ■ '■-■■■ '- ■ :" : :
SAILED.
. ,• Monday,: December.- 26.
: Stmr Bonlta, Preblq, San Pedro and; way
ports." -■ <■--.-■ .. : : -- ' ■."..:■ ■■ '- i •■. -. : •■<•' .■ ■ •
-■ Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, San ; Diego and
way. ports. -: " v.-.\-./- .;.ti;» r ; " ■..-■.
Stmr Francis H. Leggett, Reiner. 1 Eureka.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepson, Victoria, B.
C, etc- , :■: ; '■.■-:.. •. •■;.■
--■ Stmr Centralla, Erlc«son, San Pedro. .
Stmr. Iaqua, Jorgensen,.- San . Pedro. . . .
• ■ Stmr • Montara. - Reilly, . Seattle. • >'*33lpiQpHH
Stmr Sequoia, • McClements, ' Willapa Harbor.
■ Stmr \- Chehalis. Johannsen, San Pedro. In
tow stmr * Norwood. ; . . ,
Stmr Norwood, Martin, San Pedro, with stmr
Chehalis In tow. - -.•
Brig t Tanner, <■ Holmstrom, Puget ■ Sound.
' Mex schr Ton!, .Green, La Paz. ' -
i.I: Schr Ida A, Campbell, • Point Reyes. -
TELEGRAPHIC
POINT LOBOS, Dec. 26, '■ 10 p. m.^— Weather
clear; wind NW;> velocity 12 ; miles per. hour. -
• ' ; ;: DOMESTIC PORTS.'/ .
- BE ATTLE— Arrived : ; Dec ■> 26— Stmr '" Banta
Ana, from Valdez: Fr bark Colonel de Villebols
Mareuil;; from Antwerp.- " . v
, Sailed ' Dec 26— Stmr Jeanie, for San Fran
cisco. 1 - '■ ■-■'- ■-:-'. '-.' ■ .-. . . ■.-.-.- ;.. .'
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed Dec 26— Stmr
Acme. : for »* San 'Francisco. -
~ RET>ONDOr-Arrivcd - • Dec •-' 26— Schr : R.' W.'
Bartlett, from . Grays Harbor. ■ ; . * 1 — -
. 'Arrived s Dec 26— Stmr Argyll, hence- Dec 24.
/BANDON— Sailed i Dec 26— Stmrs ; Chlco ; and
Elizabeth, . for;f - San .v; Francisco; 1: schr ; Lizzie
Prien.* for, San i Francisco. •,:,..'.
" :. SOUTH i, BEND— Arrived „ Deo J4— Schr .Wil
liam f Ren ton, * hence Dec 9. - Dec' 26 — Schr A!-'
pha.'hence DeclS. ■: : . :
•«• - Sailed Dec . 24^— Bktn Encore, . for San Fran
cisco. : -' ' : . •
Arrived Dec 26— Schr Volunteer, hencs Decl7.
.- ASTORIA— Arrived : Dec . 26— Schr Joseph
Russ,; hence; Dec. 11: - * . .
Arrived . Dec .' 26— Schr Joseph Ruaa, hence
Dao'll.*-'' -'.-- -•-•.--,■-":•.- -.•-■ v;- '.-.■ -■- •
-' TA COMA— Sailed Dec 26— Br* ship Mooltan,
for ■ Kalchou. ■.-■■-■-■:..-, : ,
, TATOOSH— Passed outward Dec ? 26>-Ital
bark ;" Italia, from ; Port ; Blakeley, ' for - Port
■Plrle. t _--- ; - '■ •"---:. •. '''■ :■■>:>■-•■ •-■ \- . € ;■: ■
:- Passed out ' Dec : 26— Nor stmr » Titanla, from
Oyster . Harbor, - for. San - Diego. •— : •'-■■■ .- -
i BELLINGHAM— Arrived Dec 26-^Ship S D
Carleton, ' hence Dec : 16; ; schr ;'A. M. Baxter
hence Dec 5. -- •■«■■','/
!<• GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived * Dec ? 24— Schrs
Caroline and C. 'A. ; Thayer, from • San Pedro
Dec 25— Schr. Lizzie Vance, hence .-Dec 14- - stmr
Olympic,! hence Deo /22. : Dec 26— Schr Daunt
less,*from r ;San'Pedro.' , . • -. ■■.. ■.':-.*■ :-,>.-•'■
-■^; Sailed^ Dec i 26-rSchr - XV . J. ; Patterson for
Valparaiso ; £ echr 1?. Charles F. ; Falk and -*stmr
Grace t Dollar .v for , San Francisco; schr ? Laura
Madsen;' for ■ Guaymaa , : ; ■:■■.:■ ■* ; .. <- -„- ' . -
PORT GAMBLE — Arrived Deo 25— Schr M*-
GORKY DEFIES
HISSING CROWD
Hostile Reception Accorded
His Play in St. Petersburg
Fails to Wither Author
OSCAR WILDE REVIVAL
"Charley's Aunt" Has Over
Hundred and Twenty Thou
sand Productions to Credit
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Dec. 26.— Maxim Gorky has
found a way of dealing with a hostile
theater audience ■ which ought to com
mend Itself to playwrights and actor
managers the world over. Heretofore
It has been etiquette for the dramatist,
whose . appearance after the final cur
tain has been greeted with "boos,"
hisses or cat-calls, to take it all in a
chastened spirit and to retire apologeti
cally; and with a crestfallen bow. But
Gorky has changed all that. For If the
telegraphic accounts are to be believed,
an audience which hissed the first per
formance of his ," new play "The " Rus
tics" in- St.' Petersburg, | the other night,
was ; treated In truly withering fashion
by the author.
'.'The. curtain was raised," says ; .t_e
cabled account, "and Gorky appeared
alone, his head thrown back, a look of
contempt on: his countenance! "his fists
clenched and his face livid, as If ' he
wished^ to fling in the face of the peo
ple" a deadly, insult." *
David Belasco fled precipitately be
fore the London booers of "Zaza," and
even William Gillette ventured only to
make a sardonic remark or two when
the Lyceum galleryltes f ell upon "Sher
lock Holmes," so | it ; will be impossible
to say what will be the effect when a
Jeering crowd; in this country beholds
its would-be victim with, say, his shirt
sleeves rolled up or his fists clenched
In the Gorky manner.
The .dinner given to* Edward Terry
the other night, on the eve of the veter
an actor's departure for his first visit
to: the United States; was a great suc
cess. -By far the most Interesting
feature <5f it v/as a letter f rorri A. W.
Pinero in which the author'of "Letty"
and* "The Second Mrs.' Tanqueray"
paid a high compliment to Terry and,
incidentally, a higher one to American
theater-goers. -
"I -trust," wrote Piriero, in apologiz
ing for not being present at the dinner,
"that Mr. Terry will have a prosperous
season in America. He will at least
find the | keenest and most intelligent
audience in the world." Of Terry him
self Mhe playwright went on, "he' is
an actor who has enabled me to de
part from my rule not to witness per
formances of my own plays, for on
those occasions when he has, appeared
in a piece of my writing l' have felt
sure that his skill, Inventiveness and
genuine humor would enable me to for
get the imperfections of my work, and
in this \ have never been disappointed."
Terry, of course," made* his greatest
success in Pinero's VSweet : Lavender,"
which : he has played over '4000 times. |
Since ,' the 'production of "The Walls
of "Jericho." which is so successful that
the American rights already have been
secured, there have been many at
tempts to make a stern moralist out of
its author— Alfred Sutro. But while
the role of social censor has been un
dertaken with considerable profit by
several folks of late, Sutro declines It
and prefers to be recognized as a dra
matist whose motto is "success." He
put it rather neatly In an interview
the other, day, when he said: "My busi- J
ness is merely to write plays that shall
interest people. But I don't mind ad- t
mltting that I naturally sympathize
with the side of the angels, while I
don't admit for a moment .■ that the
stage is a pulpit."
"But weren't you annoyed," was the
query,, "at the word 'conventional' as
applied by some of the critics to 'The
Walls of .Jericho' ?">
"By no means," answered Sutro.
"One or two critics, remembering my
association with Maeterlinck, deplored
that I wound up the play In the good
old fashioned way and that my gen
eral treatment was not - more original.
Well, let my answer be ', this bo&k,"
and he* produced a neat little volume
from a shelf— "a play of mine, pub
lished five years ago/ called 'The Cavo
of Illusion.' It received high praise !
from the , press; it was judged to .be
original in treatment and powerful in
its ending, which of course was un
happy. Two hundred copies ; of the
book were sold in all ; not : a manager
has ever ,; asked me for it, and to-day
it is so entirely forgotten that 'The
•Walls of Jericho' was referred to by
nearly all as my first attempt at a
play other than a curtain-raiser."
"There seems likely, to be a -boom' in
Oscar? Wilde's plays in this country.
-'Lady Windermere's Fan," revived by
George Alexander as a stop-gap at the
St. .James, is one of the rather few
real ' successes of the moment, and re
ports from Germany regarding - the
production ■ of .Wilde's poetic drama,
•'The ' Duchess iof'yPadua.V In that
country are so enthusiastic that it is
nlla, " hence Dec 13 ;' achr J. M. " Colman.'. from
San Pedro.'- •- '. • . - ■ . - .•—
PORT LOS ANGELES — Arrived • Deo. 26— Br
ship > Lon6dale.- from Newcastle." England. -:
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Dec 26— Schr Louise,
from Newoort.: - ■;•■-;••,
;COOS BAY— Arrived Dec 26— Stmr Alliance,
from Portland. .:
POINT ■ LOBOS — Passed - in Dec 26, 9 1 a" m —
Stmr Melville . Dollar. . from Grays Harbor, for
San, Pedro.' ..' .• ..- • / "' . - . ' ■ : ■ ■
' Passed . Dec - 26, 9 . a m — Stmr Vanguard,
from -; Eureka, : for San - Pedro.
.■'••;.;■'•. ':■■:■■:-: foreign ports.
.'. CHAMPERICO^- Arrived Dec 26— Guat C tur
Champerico,' with ; lighter Quezaltenango .; in
tow, i hence Dec 1. . *
; MELBOURNE — Sailed Dec 23 — Ship Reuce,
for ' Newcastle. "Aus. -
OYSTER : HARBOR— Sailed Deo 25— Nor
stmr Titania, • for; San ; Diego. - ;.»^^
. ' ; OCEAN 'STEAMERS.
>• NEW ' YORK— Arrived ; Dec : 26— Stmr * Vade'r
land.';from Antwerp;. stmr Oskar II, from Cc-^
penhacen. >.?-=• *■-■■■. -■■.■,-.,.■ ,; , ; . ■. . ■■,
ISLE OF WIGHT— Passed Dec 26 — Stmr : Ze
land, from . New > York, for Dover and 'Antwerp.
QUEENSTOWN — Sailed ' Dec 26-rStmr j Iver
nlar-'from, Liverpool, '• for ■ Boston. r ;•>. -■-. >
v » DOVER— Arrived -•- Dec 26— Stmr. ■ Zealand,
from : New > York,*, f or • Antwerp,'^ and J proceeded.
PALERMO— Sailed : Dec ; 25— Stmr ' Car
pathian, j from = Trieste, . for ; New York.
. GENOA— Sailed ' Dec, 26— Stmr Republic, for
New York."! via Naples. ? . .
'. - LON DON— Sailed Dec 26— Stmr Mesaba, f Or
New.York.';' --- '.,.'■':-- -■ ■"*'-.. ...-•-...'
.:■_.'■ Memoranda. .
; V Per3 bktn « Fullerton—^Dec : 23; • had ; heavy " BE
gale,*-; and ;-' about \ 1 '• p. f m., .' 80 ■■ miles south of
Columbia; River. <• carried away^ hawser, and
stmr -Whlttier. '- while | putting, aboard an other;'
struck | the Fullerton 'on port quarter, and stove
in s guard *t and v planks, and s did % considerable
damage to ' vessel's , cabin,; estimated : at ; about
liooa rv ■ ,. -r •-- -- -■•-..•■; - ■• •,: ■■• --' - ■
GARFIELD PLAN
NOT A NEW ONE
Mammoth Standard Oil
Trust Itself First to Ad
vocate Federal Control
JOKE ON , COMMISSIONER
His Report Recalls Sur
prising Statement by a
Big Corporation Official
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, POST BUILDING,
WASHINGTON, Dec. 26.— It turns out
that Commissioner James R. Garfleld's
plan for Federal control of great State
corporations" not only is not new, but
that the Idea is a mere repetition of
propositions first made by the Standard
Oil Company. This , interesting and
somewhat humorous development In the
agitation for the control of trusts has
attracted much attention and has
'Caused some statesmen to pause and
think.
Before the Industrial commission ap
pointed by President - McKinley, John
D. Archibald of the Standard Oil Com
pany, on September 8. 1899, made this
remarkable statement :
"" If you should ask me, gentlemen, what leg
islation can be Imposed to improve, present
conditions, I answer that the next treat — and
to - my mind inevitable— step of progress in
our commercial development lies In the direc
tion of national or -Federal control of corpora
tions. If such corporations should be mad»
possible under such fair restriction and revis
ion as should be attached to them, any branch
of business could be freely entered upon by all
comers, and the talk of tha monopoly would
forever be done away with.
Archibald's remedy for the situation
which has since developed is almost
identical with the proposition made by
Commissioner Garfleld in his anunal
report. The official of the Standard
Oil Company, In advocating Federal
charters, did object to what he called
restrictive legislation. On this subject
he said to the Commlsioners:
The outcry, gentlemen, against corporation*
doea not come from the great, busy. Indus
trial classes, but from Impractical sentimen
talist*, yellow Journals and political dema
gogues — from the latter, perhaps, more than
any other. It Is a veritable attack upon thrift
and prosperity. TO listen to their voices to
tha extent of reposing restrictive legislation
would mean a frightful step backward In the
commercial development of our country.
likely to be done in London before
long. Moreover, Wilde's last book,
written !n Reading jail, is just about
to be published. It is said to be his
literary last will and testament and is
called "De Profundis."
"Charley's Aunt" has now a total
of 121,560 performances to its credit,
which, it is said, is a greater- number
than any other play ever has attained.
After fifteen years the acting rights,
which were acquired in the beginning
by W. H." Penley, have Just reverted
to the author, Brandon Thomas, who
has celebrated the occasion by reviv
ing the piece at the Comedy — where
"His Highness r My Husband" recently
gave up the ghost; In consequence of
Penley's illness the part of Lord Fan
court Babberly is being played at the
Comedy by Stanley. Cooke. who has
acted it in the provinces for several
years, while the author' himself plays
his old part of Colonel Sir Francis
Chesney.
Dr. Richard Strauss, who seems to
have conquered his critics and to be
considered now as the greatest of liv
ing composers, ia tremendously rushed
at present. Besides his duties as
chief conductor 1 of the Royal Opera in
Berlin he has conducted fifteen con
certs within the last three weeks. His
only appearance in London this year
was on December 19 with the Qtfeen's
Hall orchestra and in which his own
works were the principal feature.
Obviously "Everyman," the old
morality play, which has attracted so
much attention in London and the
; United States, was destined to be pro
duced as a cantata.. It was Introduced
to London in this form this week
with painstaking and often admirable
music : by Dr. Walford , Davies, and
with a success sufficient to. warn the
critics that the cantata will soon be
heard in the United States. .■.".
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
icHIGAGChN 3 DAYS!
Kg LEAVES DAILY AT9:3OA.M.i
Other Santa _*e Train* ;
7:30 a. m.l
j 9:30 a. m. \ For Stockton. Fresno. Bakersfleld,
I 8:00 p. m. J Merced.. Hanford and Visalla.
• 4:00 p.m. For ; Stockton. •
j 8:00 p. m. . For' Kansas City. Grand Canyon
i and Chicago."
Ticket Of flees — 641 Market st. and Ferry Depot.
San Francisco; also 1112 Broadway. Oak-
( "land, Cal.; also 27. South 1st. San Jose.
H| v To SAN RAFAEL,
| ROSS VALLEY,
i MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERCVHc.
. .. 4 Via SausaUto Perry
SUBURBAN SERVICE, STANDARD GAUGE.
-* Depart from San Francisco, daily, at t7 :05
7:46, 8:25. 9:10. 9:80, 11:00 a. m.; 12:2O 1:4s!
3:15. 4:35, ,8:15, 5:50. 6:30, 7:15. 10:15 and
11:85 p. m. ■.--..
■ Arrive at Ban Francisco, dally, at f6:40
7:35, 8:15, 8:50, 9:35/10:50 a. m.; 12:10 1-.3O.
J2:65. 4:25. 5:06. 5:42. 6:22. 6:57. 7:40 and* 11:25
I p. ra.
. t Dally except Sunday. -
For Fairfax, daily, at 7:45 aT m. : also Satur-
j days at 3:15 p. m., and daily except Saturday
and Sunday at 5:15 p. m. .
THROUGH
7:45 a. m. dally — Cazadero and way stations.
8:15 p. m:. -; Saturdays ; only — For Cazadero,
. etc.--; iw**i|iaiWiwirtW^*' i n i iiU'inminii'niiu
. 6:15 p. m. dally, except < Saturday and Sun-
day, - for * Tomales etc. ■
TICKET OFFICE— 650 1 Market st.
FERRT— Union Depot. < foot* of Market st.
;Mf, Tamalpais Railway
• L T . flufl FfgrieWo ~ •'- j^^SH__ss___] 1 - '"" -—^ - Fnacitc* :
' - 8:35a fSgla MUM H l:aop »1O:50a
9:50a 6:50a ¥9*>&KsW 2:&5r 3:S5p
i';*4*5*p" l';45> 6J23p "**6;a37.
•y t Satusari 4:35p •' 8atar_Ti 1 1 1:1 2p
- . »YlaQraTir/ Car Y 1UT— uJpaute-DlTUkf
;; TIGHT -. 1 650 Markxt ST^(North Shore Ratlroed} -
, , tind-l { and Sausauto Fejuiy, Foot Market Sc
AUCTION SALES
jt*. fc~ ft»
Closlns out at auction all of my old stock.
SO horses and a /rholce line of vehicles of
every description, 40 sets of harries. Sal*
TUESDAY, Dec. 27. II a. m.. at 1140 FOL-
feOM ST. WILLIAM CLOUGH, Auctioneer.
AUCTION SALE of 50 GOOD HORSE3 and
MARES. WEDNESDAY. Dec. 29, at 11 a. nx.
! ARCADE HORSE MARKET. 327 Sixth st!
; JOHN J. DOYLEv Auctioneer.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
#~~ THlif 1MT* aa- sure) «_• !
to»mr._t
SAN FRANCISCO.
r*o_ Ootq-z- a, tsoi
Fx~rr Vwt
(Toot of Market Street.)
j i.«at« ~ MAIN LINE. - *»»"i
?^JOa VaeaTUIe. Winters. Kum.ef.. 7 60»
00a Benicla. Elmlraaod Sacramento.. 7.2U»
7.30a Telleto Nape, CaUsto»s, SaaU
Rom. Martinez. Saa Uamon 820»
/•SOa Nties. Tracy. Lathrop, SUJckton.._ 7.20#
8 00a 8bas» Express — CVla Paris).
William*. Willows, trrato. Ke4
BloS. Portland. Tacoma, Seattle 7-f 0*
■ 00a DbtU. Woodland. Knights Laadtag.
MaryaTUle, OroTllle /.MP
•-SOa Ifartlaes. Antloch. Byroa. Tracy.
Stockton. New mM. Los Banoe,
Meadots, Armoaa, Hanford.
Visalla. ranerrllle ;. «J™»>
t-50a Port Cotto. Modesto. Merced.
Fretno, Go«aen Jaactlon, Hsu- _
ford, Vttalla. Dak«naeltl «JM»
I-30A Hlles, 8*n Jose, Llrermore. Stoek* ,
um.(tM!ltoe). l<tae.Sa«rajneat_ . .
Marytrllle. Caleo. K«d Bloff .... *3Bm
830a Oakdaic. Chtnene. Jameatown, 3o-
norm Tuolumnf and Aoijeli TziZ
900a Atlantic Eiprej*— O«dea»ndK*it. 5 20*
••30a Rlchmoad, HarUaes and w»y _
gUtlOBS *«*
10X0A Th» Orerland Limited — ««flea.
. - . Omaba, Chicago. I>eaTer._aa__ *
CUy. St. Loala „. — ♦•-•-., I s2_
10XOA Vallejo-.^ \Z3S0
10-DOa Lot Anjrelee Paiaea«er — Port *
Costa, Hartlaes. Byron. Tracy, .
Latarop. S took ton, Merced,
B*y raoud. Fresoo, Goehea Joao-
Won. Haaford, Lemoore, Viaalla, •
Biker»fleld. Loa Ansrelea ....... t'SX*
tS4Ww Har ward. NHes and Way Scatloae. f- 20*
t14)0P Sacramento BlTer Steamer*.. ..... TtlJWV
S iOP Bealete, Wlntera. S»craan«nt<». .-■? ■; .
Woodland. Kaifhta l_ndln_
MarysTtlle, OroriJle and way
stations _. 19-f5»
SJC^Hayward.NHessadWarSCiUoas.. IMP
I 3J P Port Costa. MarUnex, Sf ron, Tracy,
Lathrop, Stoektoa. Modosto,
Merced. Be re ud a, Preiao and
Wtf8Utloii beyond Tor* Coat* 1££0P
4J00P Martlnes,6a_ Ramc«.TalleJo,Nape*
„■- CaUatoga, Santa Roe—. ,|?5*
480s> irnes. Traey. 8toekto_ lo s2*
440P* HsywariL £Uee. trtla.to*. Saa I tS.50*
Jose. LlTermore ittUfl*
••80* Tie Owl Limited— News—a, Loe
Banoi. Ileadota, Fresno, Talire,
BakersOel-LoeABgele- ...„_ J.50*
tf JlOr Hayward, Nllet and 8an Joe* .._. 7.24*
■ £0 f> Hay ward. ZTlles and 5an Jose. ...... 9. 6_»
8— <U* E-atem Bxpraae— Omasa, Chicactt,
D«aTer. Kanaas City. •- Loala,
— (_-tlab— Stockton. Sacraiacnio.
Coif ax. Beno, Sperki, iioatel_v
Ocdea TS.80P
••W' ▼allelo, dally, except Soaday ... . i j ■«» ■
7X0i» Tallejo, Sundaronly f
7X0P Klchrnond, Han Pablo, Port Cose*.
Martinet and Way Stations 11__»
7-COPBeno Pa»»eo ger— Fort Costa. Be-
nlela. Solsan. Elmtra. Pixon. •
Darla. Sacramento. Sparks, Ton»-
pah. Keeler and Way Stations... 7.E0-
*4>5t» Oregon — California Express— 8ao>
ramrnto, MaryiTllle, Reddla r>
Portland, Paget Bo a nd and Bsst. 8-50*
SAOP Hay ward, Nile* and San Jose (Saa-
dayonly). 11-884
COAST LINE (Marrow Uaax.).
(Foot af Market Street.) _
• 8.16a Newark. CentervUle. 8an Jo««.
Teltoo, Boulder Creek. Santa
Cms and Way Stations S-S8e>
_L15p Kewark, CeaterrtUe, Saa Jos%
New Almaden, Los Gatos. Feitoa,
Boalder Creek, Ssau Cms sad
Principal Way Stations tiO-SS*
I 4.18P Newark. Saa Josef Los Qatos... { *"}§ ;||*
«8.30p Honter** Train (Saturday »nly>—
San Josa and Way Stations X7.28*
COAST LINE <Uroa.i Uaa«;ej.
VW~ (Third and 1'ownseod Street—)
6.10a 8an Jot e and Way Station*. 630f»
7-OOa Saa Jote and Way Stations 5.40*
8 00a New Almaden (Taes., Frld.. only). 4.10*
8-fiOAThe Coaster— ttan Joie, Salinas.
Baa Ardo, Puo Rotilea. Santa
Margarita, San Lnis ObUpi*.
Ooadalupe, Oariota. Santa i\if
bmra. Ban Baenarentara, Mon-
talro. Oxnsrd. Bar bank, Loe
Angeles 18.3S*>
•iXJA Ollroy, Holllster, CastroTllle. Del
Moate. Paclsc Orove. Surf. Lom-
y poo ..'". ..'.;.. 10-JC'
9. CO a San Jose. Tres Plnoa.W«UonTl!le.
Capltola, Santa Crar, Pacts*
Grove. Sallnaa. 8an Lnla Oblspo
and Prlnelpaj Way 6tat!on». ._ 4.1 3*
10.30a San Joae and Way Stations.. ...._. 1.20>
II JOa dan Jone aart Way otatlOD»......_ 7.30P
2-15P 8an Joie and Way Stntjons 8.38a
•XOpOcI Monte Kxpreis— oaou Clara,
SanJoso, Wsttoarliie. Santa
Crux. Del Monte, Monterey.
Paeiac Grove 12.15*
If. OOp Los Gatoi. Wright. BonMer Creek.
Santa Cruz, ria Santa Clara aad
Narrow Gauge +10.45*
S-30P Yalracla St., Souti San Francisco.
BarllnRanie, San Jose. GUroy.
Bollister TreiPlnos 10.43a
4.30p Saa Jose nnd Way Stations tS-OljA
tSJOPSaata Clara, San Joie. Loe Gatos,
and principal Way dtstlon* (et-
cept Sunday) ....V; tt-OOA
IfiJ Op EanJoteandPrincipalWaySutloas {9.4CU
%AiP Baniet Express.— Uedwood. Saa
Jose.Gllroy.Sallnaa,Paso Koblea,
Ban Lola Oblapo. Santa Barbara.
Los Angele*. Pemine. El Paao.
ot.Louls,JIewOrleani, JTewTork S.1&A
l45pPajaro. WstsoaTlUe. Capltola,
«snta Cruz. CaitroTille. Del
Monte, Pacific Grove" 10.30*
tt.1l** Ba-_ateo.Beresford,Belmoat,8aa
Carlos, Kedwood, Fair Oaks. -
MenloPa/k. Palo Alto........... tS-48*
8 SQp San Joae and Way Stations..... ._. S-JSa
. 8J)0p Palo Alto and Way Stations....... m»»
W .30f» South SanFranciico. UlUbrae. Bar-
liagame, baa Matro, Belmont,
Ssn Carlos, Redwood, Fair Oaks, V
Mealo Park, aad Palo Alto...... t___sj
•IISOp May Held. Mountain View. Sanay-
vale. Lawrence. Santa Clara sad
8»a Jo»» ti IVf
A for — orning. P for Afteraos—,
. llaadav exeepted. t Bandar onir.
* Bat ardmy only. . * Monday o— ly.
tfitope at all itatloai oa Saads^,
CALIFORNIA KORTflWESTERS RY. Ca
i Tiauron Perry, Toot of Marie* &_■•«_
SAIT T—ANCISCO TO SAJT EATAE-
WEEK DAYS— 7:3**. 8:0O. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
S:3O, 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdajs — Extra Ui9
at 11:30 v. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:90 and 11:30 p. m>
SUNDAYS— 3:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30,
5:00,. 6:20. 11:30 v. m.
san b_;ax_ to saxt r_uvncisco.
WEEK DAYS — «:05 7:35. 7:50. 9:20. 11:15
a. m. : 12:50. 3:40. 5:lA>. 5:20 p.m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:06 and 6:35 p. ra.
SUNDAYS— 8:0O. 9:40t 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40w
4:06, 6:06. 8:25 p. ra. , __
i Leave I In Effect j , Arrtve
San Fran. | Oct. 2. 1304. ( San Fran.
"Week I Sun- I Destina- ' I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. I tlon. | days. I Days.
7:30a S:0Oa 9:lOaj 8:4Os>
8:30 a Isnado. 10:40 a 10:20 a,
8:30 p 3:30 p 6:05 p 8:20 »
5:10 D 5:00 p
7:S0a ~~ 9:10a 8:40a
8:00 a Novato. lO:4Oa 10:2Oa
.3:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:05 p 6:CO p
5:10 p 3:3Op and 7:35 p
5:00 p Santa Rosa. ■
T:3Oa 'I 10:40a 10:20 »
8:00 b Fulton. 7:35 p 6^0 p
8:30 p 3:30 p
\ Windsor.
7:30 a 8:00 a Healtlaburg. 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
3:30 p 3:30 p Geyservltle. 7:33 p 6:20 p
Cloverdale.
7:30 a! 8:00 a! Hopland 110:40 all0:20 *
8:30 pt 3:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:35 pj 6:20 p
■'.-. .: I j 1 WUllts and j T~~
7:30 a! 8:00 a) Sherwood. ( 7:35 pj 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 a! t [10:4O all0:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 pj Gnernevlllq. } 7:35 p| 8:20 p
7:30 a[ 8:00 a! Sonoma. I 9:10 a! 8:40 a
_5aopi 5:00p[ Glen. E31— . |8:05pj _2<>P
"7:3Oaf870Oa| [10:40~airo7_b"a
3:30p|3:30pl Sebastopel. |7:35pj 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quenttn; at Santa Rosa for Wnlte Sulphur
Bprir.gs and Mark West. Springs; at Lytton for
Lytton. Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs-
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers. Booae-
vllle and ' Greenwood ; at Hopland for" Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport. Bartlett
Springs: and Lake County Hot Springs- at
Ukiah for Vichy Spring*. Saratoga Sprlnys.
Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Springs
Upper Lake, Porno. Potter Valley. John Day'*
Riverside. Llerly's. Bucknell's. Sanhedrln
Heights. Hullvllle. Orr's Hot Sprtns* Halfway
House. Comptche. Hopkins. Mendoclno City
Fort Bragg. Westport and Usal; at WHUts for
Fort Bragg. Hearst and Sawyer*; at Sherwood '
for Cahto. Covelo. Laytonvtlie. Cummlnss.
■ Bell's Springs ■ Harrts. Hubbard. Fruitland
- Dyer. • Garbervllle. Camp 5 Pepperwood Scotia
and Eureka.
; Saturday to Monday. round-trip tickets at re.
, duced rates. '
On Sunday — Round-trip ticket* to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket ' office, ■ 650 Market street, ChroBJcle
building. ■ -___— —Saggl '
r JAS. L.FRAZIER. R. X. RTAN.
Gen.'. Manager. . Gen. Pass. Agt.CHRISTMAS HANDICAP ATTRACTS A RECORD ATTENDANCE TO THE OAKLAND
COURSE AND SPECTATORS CHEER AS THE RICH STAKE IS WON BY CLAUDE
CLAUDE IN FRONT FROM START TO FINISH
IN THE CHRISTMAS HANDICAP AT OAKLAND
Military Man Is a Good Second, While Leila Takes the Show Honors
Record-Breaking Throng Crosses the
Bay— Four Favorites Beaten.
Turing up to his reputation as the
holiday king:, M. J. Daly's Claude, car
rying 127 pounds and ridden by Willie
Daly, captured the Christmas Handi
cap over on? and a quarter miles yes
terday at Oakland track.
Trie great son of LJscak is a sort of
matinee idol and the vast gathering
of sport lovere. the biggest of recent
years, for more than 12.000 people
\ iewed the contest, cheered wildly as
"i lie bay horse passed the judges an
easy winner over Military Man and
I^iJa. Elliott, the stable companion
•<kf Claude, with John Bullman up, ran
4'ourth. The stake was one of the rich
est of the season, as the winner re
ceived $34T0. the second $600 and the
third Sl'SO.
While beauty and fashion held full
■way in the grandstand and on the
clubhouse - lawn, only brawn and
muscle had a chance in the betting
ring. Spacious as the bookmakers'
realm at the track over the baj- is,
it »as inadequate to accommodate the
surging mass which filled it yesterday.
BETTING RIXG IS PACKED.
A week-kneed individual figured a
100 to I chance' to jget a full one at
the orices, and to mnke a circuit of
Ihe twenty-nine books was about as
soft a task as it is to drive a knitting
RMdte through a burglar-proof safe
with a sack of flour. Some of the
. la'y-rs" fattened up on the public's
offering*, while others quit with bank
r«-11:> tTiat needed sterilizing, even
though four favorites were laid away.
'If Claude could have been counted
out the ring woold have won a for
tune. Juit "Mike" Daly's horse was un
beatable. Coupled with Elliott the
Daly pair, at one time 7 to 10, closed
«ith even money obtainable. As Bull
man rod" Elliott and Willie Daly
"iriaude, the i»encilers calculated the
fctab'lc would try to win with the for
inrr. For this reason eyn money
o*>uld b«> had aboul Claude for the
j»lare and 1 to 2 that he wouldn't
show. Walter Jennings was repre
sented by Gold Money only and the
mare received considerable support at
K' and 1" lo 1. Military Man was sec
ond choice and of the other starte*:,
th'ere being nine in all. Bombardier
received the most attention.
CliUDE nOXEERS THE WAY.
■ Jake Holtman sent the bunch away
to a pup^rb etart within a minute af
ter 'Inlng up at the barrier. Before
reachtng the stand Willie Daly had
urK«H Claud** to the front. Davis was ,
Feoond with Military Man, and there
is the race. Military Man could not ;
extend the leader and Claude simply ;
made his own pace and won like a
wild horp* in 2:08, a remarkably fine
performance over a track heavy and
inclined to be cuppy. Ten lengths be
hind. Military Man Leila finished third.
Both the favorite, Edgecliff, and the
««*cond choice. Baker, were led over •
-tfco finishing line in the opening six
a »j«i a half furlong sprint for two
yptr-olds by M. A. Powell, the third
choice. The winner had W. Davis in
the saddle and, in front from the start,
was never headed. Sam Greenfield
fmlshed second on Edgecliff, more
than a length ahead of Baker.
.Sir Proton made a ift-etty favorite
"n paper for the six-furlong run fol
lowing, but bis showing In the race
was .disgraceful. Travers, who rode
him v managed' to find all the poor
footing and finished unplaced. Davis,
astride the 5 to 1 chance. Educate,
timed his_ mare just right and. catch
fng Helgesen on Brennus all in, won
by nearly a length. Profitable ran
t-ljird. '
TOCOLAW'S POOR LUCK.
. "Big Bill" Knapp, on Tocolaw, fa
vorite for the purse event at six fur
longs, met with decidedly poor rac
ing luck throughout- Right after the
start he was caught in a jam and was
forced to pull up, after which in an
endeavor to save ground "Big Bill"
and his mount got in the deep going.
His chances were ruined early and he
finished fourth. The winner turned
up in Judge, one of the second
choices, with which Michaels reached
the wire first, a length ahead of Ma
rrane. Always prominent, Rowena
took the show at odds of 20 to 1.
Travers broke it up again in the
inile and a sixteenth selling fixture,
with Isabellita, another favorite. He
*ot away from the post badly and the
mare finished among the "also rans."
Anvil, an S to 1 chance, piloted by
Wright, which on last Saturday was
Wt at the post, went out in the lead
and won all the way. Dungannon, the
second choice, made a game bid for
it in the stretch, but could not quite
get up. losing by less than a length.
Wenrick. at odds of 16 to 1, ran into
the show. Grafter, a supposed good
thing, finished last.
With his known fancy for a heavy
track. Dr. Leggo looked to outclass
his company in the mile run for two
year-olds and at 7 to 10 the colt re
ceived stanch backing. He was rid
den by Bonner and. after a slight
shaking up, caught the pacemaker, A.
Muskoday, scoring with apparent
ease. Lloyd Fountain took show hon
ors with Hooligan.
TRACK NOTES.
The stewards will hold a meeting
this evening at the rooms of the
Jockey Club. 23 Kearny street. The
running of the horse W. R. Condon
will be investigated. Sonje queeirlook
ing rides of Jockey Helgesen will als.i
be discussed.
W. Davis rode the first two winners
of the day.
COLUMBIA TEAM DEFEAT.,
-TELEGRAPH. HILL BOYS
Both Clubs Play a Spirited Game
of Football and Many Brilliant
Moves Am Made.
The Columbia Boys' Club defeated
the Telegraph Hill Boys' Club yes
feated the Telegraph Hill Boys 1 Club
ball at Ninth and Bryant streets
grounds. The game was well played
on both sides and many fast and clever
move? were executed. Each team had
a delegation of rooters on hand to cheer
them on. The final score was 12 to 0.
The Columbia team appeared to have
the advantage in weight. It opened the
game with a dash, and before many
minutes had elapsed. Gorman succeeded
in putting the ball over the goal line
for the Columbias. Before the expira
tion of the first half Brannagel scored
another touchdown. Gorman suc
ceeded in kicking the goals*.
During the last half the Telegraph
Hill players took a brace. They kept
the ball constantly in their opponents'
territory and were several times %vith
in a few feet of scoring, but they could
not go through the defense line of their
opponents for a touchdown. The clever
work of Patsy Cornyn in affording his
team mates interference was a feature
of the game. Following is the line-up:
Columbia Telegraph Hill
Boys" Club. Position. Bovs' ctub
O'Brien Fullback Gill
Gurman Quarterback Argary
• Vrnyn Guard Fre*e
Uddy Guard Kyan
Currin* Knd Biinw-h
fit*rn Knd Andrles
Romltk Tackle Vfganeuo
Llddy Tackle Lecarl
Brannarel Back .... .' Ledendorf
Colman Back Birmbo
Umpire — E. Smith: referee — P. McDonald
tlmekpeperB—B. Reilly and R. Morris.
SAIIiOR BOYS DEFKATKtf)
• ON* THE FOOTBALL. FIELD
Representatives of the Vnmpires Are
Victorious on the Wenster-
Stivet Ground.
An association football eleven made
up of six of the first and five of the
second team of the Vampires played
a match against an eleven of British
sailors gathered by the Rev. S. H.
Wingfleld-Digby, chaplain of the Sea
men's Institute, San Francisco, on the
gTound at Webster street, Alameda.
yesterday and beat them S' goals to 1.
The game was enjoyed greatly by
both teams and afforded a large
amount of fun to the spectators. Sev
eral of the goals' for the Vampires
were obtained by D. M. Lees, who was
too fast and too tricky for the sailor
fullbacks. For the losers L. R. Gill
chrest rendered good service, while
Cape kept many dangerous shots out
of the goal. Hugh Williamson .was
referee. The teams occupied the fol
lowing positions: , ..
Vampirei. Positions. Seamen's In.
Jacques Goal .^. . Cape
Glarn^i R- 3 Watson
Waeber I* B Batterham
J Campsl« n. H. B Cook
Harwood C. H. B Casslan
W Caropsie L. H. B Thompson
V." Holland O. R, GlllchrcJ
Ijf^g I. R GreiB
Wild'ine c - F Mortenson
KoSn J. I>- • ■ • • Hoddlnott
E. IyxsouUeur O. L.... Hector
On the ground at Freeman's Park,
Golden Gate, a team of Albion Rovers
played a practice game against, the
Pirates. . . •
Another English Boxer Defeated.
SALEM. . Mass., Dec. 26.— Jimmy
Walsh of Boston knocked out Harry
Brodlgan of London after two mlnute'3
and thirty seconds of fighting • at the
Apollo Athletic Club to-day.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 27. 1904.
WIXXER OP STAKE RACE AT OAKLAND AXD STRUGGLE THROUGH THE STRETCH.
SA N FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKLAND — Monday, Dec. 26. Weather cloudy. Track heavy.
■ —
; 7«i23. FIRST RACE— Six and a half furlongs; wiling; two-year-olds; value to flret. $325.
Index; Horse and Owner. |Wt|St. ';. 'j. * t . Sir. Fin. ! Jockey. Op. Cl.
7608 |M. A. Powell (Jones & Lusk-)|104J 3 11 11 1;3 14 1 3%fW. Davis ,| &-2 *4
<7«11) EdKecliff (Judge & Co.) jlCll fi 4 ij :{ •% a 2U.H 2 '2 1 yj Greenfield .| » 17-1"
<759!»;Baker (J. J. McAIester) |10fl 2 81&5 B 4 n *4 .% :; (i |H. Michael* 1 5-2 13-5
tfiSS !Dix*ll<» (W. 55. Prlcei j f«j 7 7 ti li 6 2 5 2 4 7i 'Taylor 30 20
7Mtft jKdrotl.iij <Lagoria & Forbes). 11 06 1 2 a« 2 n 1! h 3 '£ 5 iy>lvv." Knapp.. | 8 10
.593 l.ierusha (W. R. EnRslrom) . . |Ur1 4 6 2H7 7 7 »i 2 jKarnshaw .| 15 :>•»
736»jLady Fashion <Mrs. Miller). ..| J»«! « a 1 11 ft 1 iv,H 3 7 (Wiley J 50 100
Time. :24\,. :4»>,. 1 :l«»i. l:21!i. At post 1 »i minutes. Off nt 2:15'i. Powell, plate.
3-2: show, 7-10. EdRecllff. place, 3-. r .; show L3. Bakor. nliow\ I-.". Winner, ch. c.
by Favrrdale-BurKonct. Trained by < '. U. I,usk. Scratched— Golupn Htick. The Gadfly.
Ptart good. Won easily. Balance driving. Winner had the sneo<l and was never in
trouble. ICdeecIiff late. Baker did not seem to like the golnR. Dixelle will improve.
T624. SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; selling; 3-year-old» and up; value to first. $325.
Index! Horse and Owner. IWtjSt. Jf; 4. % . Ktr. Fin. J Jockey, j Op. Cl.
7.V57 (Educate. 6 (H. A. Hoppas) IW 2 ... a 2 U42 2%1 * t |W. Davis .. 5 B
7501 Brennu.o. 4 Uudg*- & Co.)..]10ft 1 ... 1 •<, 1 2VJ VA24 lllclifesen .. 'i 4
758ft (Profitable, 4 (A. Winters) |ll»| :» ... 4 2 4 2Vj4 S *3 n H-oaRue .... 10 15
7«;rj iSir Preston. 4 (Scuareip) j !»■ 4 ... 2 11 3 «4 3 '-i 4 l«t iTravers ... 4-5 1
. 7508 M. M. Bowdish.3 <BlaslnKame)lM> « ... 7 »! 1 Vi« 3 5 % ICrosswaite 30 RO
Maiwells. 3 (Dayton *■ Kahn)|l0:{| 7 .:. i> »£ 7 7 0 3 ;C Miller... 2<> 30
7605 Younir Pepper, 3 (Getchel) | 95| 5 ... 6 ti 5 8 5 5 i7 IKarnthaw . 15 .20
Time, :24'4. :49Mr. t:16^j. At post 2 •■4 minutes. Off at 2:42. Educate, place, 7-5: show,
1-2. Brennu«, place, 1; show, 2-3. Profitable, show, 3-2. Winner, br. m. by Russell-
Edith. Trained by J. E. Hoppa*. Scratched— Toupee, Contestant, Batidor, Idogo, Ho
meric. Start icood. Won all drivlnj. Winner rficetved an excellent ride. Too much
•■ariy use made of Brennun. Sir Preston in the deep going en the back stretch. Young
Pepper will win some day at fancy quotations.
7<I23. THIRD RA«*E — fix furlongs: purse: three-year-olds; value to first, $325.
Index! Horse and Owner. , j\Vt!St. >„• ty. %'; Sir. Fin. I Jockey. I Op! CK
7<314 JJudze (J. J: McAIester) 103 4 ... 1 n 1 "« 1 2<il lj |H. Michels.'l 3~" J»-2
7614 |Ma^rane t\V. P. Magrane)... lo*> ."» ... 5 *; 3 n 3 ll$2 2Vi|J. Jones... 7-2 9-2
7501 fRowena «GayIord A Co.).... 100 3 .. S 1 Vj2 1 2 2 II 7 IKunz 10 20
7.1*2 |To«;olaw <W. B. Jennings) 103 7 ... 2 h 4 h 4 »{, 4-3 1\V Knapp. 8-5 ll-lo
■ 74tB irtrt. Forsee (N. England 8.) J03 « ... 4 »i 5 3 5 8 5 4 |W. Davii« 6 B
7.'10 illuKh McGowan (J. Dyer) 100 1 ... 8 R 8 ti n |Travers ... 20 30
(76O7)Borghtsl (Moormead Farm)..10S 8 ... «2 6 1 7 2 7 I 1 ,,) Bonner ... 15 25
7615 JTho Cure (Brinkworth Co.)...|lll 2 ... i % 7 2yi«> a S [Larsen .... 30 60
Time — :25, :48?;. 1:14%. At poet 3 minutes. Off at 3:11. Judge, place, fi-5; show, 3-5.
Magrane. place. 7-5; show, 3-. r >. Rowena. show, 11-5. Winner, blk. c. by Athelin-Judy.
Trained by e. .1. Ramsey. Scratched — Darksome. Start good. Won handily. Balance
driving hard. Judge had excellent racinp luck. Magrane ran his rai-p. Rowena tired
Tocolaw cut offjright after start and later on got in s» pocket. Captain Forsee can do
better on a fast track. " The Cur* no speed.
7620. FOURTH RACE— One and a quarter miles; Christmas handicap; three-year-olds and
up; value to nrst, $3470; second, $000; third, f250.
Indexl Horse and Owner. |Wt|St. Std. U. «; . Str. Fin. j Jockey! Op! cT
(7608) Claude, 4 *M. J. Daly) 127 7 1 n 1 1«A1 iy.1 l'^l 1%JW. Daly:.. iTfi 1
7602 Military Man, 3 (Ferguson).. 102 4 2 n 2 h 2 h 2 n 2 10 \W. Davis.. 3 3
7C16 Leila. 3 (C. F. Clark) 100 6 4^41 41 f» 2 3 % |Greenfleld . 6 ' 12
7602 Elliott. 4 (M. J. Daly) Ill ft « n li n 5 Vi 4 1 4 1 (Bullman ...I • •
7C84 Gold Money, 4 (Jennings) 110 5 7 2 7 1%« 1«£7 5 5 5 IW. Knapp. I fi Hi
75>*4 Modicum. 4 (D. S. Fountain). 107 3 1? 2 (I '£ 7 2V 3 6 >,& (I '£ |L. Fountain 15 3')
(750rt) Bombardier. 3 (F. Skinner).. 106 2 3 3 Vi 3 Uj 3 1 >£7 n |H. Michels. fi 8
70O2 Divlna. 5 (El Primero Stable). 106 8 S l'/.R lo 8 10 8 10 8 10 |j. Jones (5 30
7«10 Flying Torpedo, tt (Ezell) 1105 1 0 » 0 » !> lAnderson . 30 40
Time— :23. :50»i. lil*! 1 :<2',j, 2:08. At post 1 minute. Off at 3:4«. Claude, place, 7!s",
show. 1-2. Man. place, 1: show, 1-2. Leila, shov.-. 2. Daly entry coupled, place, 0-20*
show.' 1-5. Winner, b. h. by Lissak-Lida H. Trained by M. J. Daly. Scratched—
Dainty, Arcade. Start good. Won easily. Balance driving hard. Claude took the track
and that was alt there was to it. Military Man ran an excellent race. Leila is not a
mudder. Elliott went the longest route. Gold Money better on a fast track. Bombar
dier In the poorest going and quit. 'Coupled with Claude.
76^7. FIFTH RACE^ — One and a sixteenth miles; selling; three-year-olds and up; 1st, $32.V
Index' Horse and Owner. IWtlSt. Y t . y,. »;. Str.' Fin. I Jockey! | Op. cf.
7620 JAnvli. 4 (C. K. Murray) 97 A 1 LJ 1 "Ji 1 1 ] 2141 *1 (Wright ~. f! e
(7(522)lDungannon, 3 (Knebelkamp): . 101 5 4 2 1 / > 3 h 2- n 2 'i 2 2Vi!W Davis " '» ' •?
7t52O IWe.nrick. 3 (Dayton & Kahn) 103 (» •; n « % n »i 4 V., 3 *', |C. ' Miller " Ti i'c
7021 iMr. Farnum, 4 (G. Wilson).. M l.Jn-41 t 2>i3 iy.4 2- Taylor 10 r«
7C20 MeiaterRingcr, 5 (Healey) 107 3 2 1 . 2.1>-i3 V, 5 2 - 5 4 J. Jones '."(• 1% • iv
7r.«8 llsabelliU. 4 (J. Ronaldson).. 104 2 8 6 8 10 8 10 « n 6 h Travers " '", 13J-,
7620 (Major Tenny. 5 (Piedmont St) 104 7 *5 n , r . n 7 H S « 7 5 .T. Kelly. ' 10 . "0
7500 Gin Spray, a (R. DeNeffe).. 86 S 7 n 7 1 6 % 7 2 R 4 [O. Chandler 15 30
7583 iGrafter. 6 (Blaslngame Bros) 101 ft 9 » ft- f) «) [Crosswalto, 10 - 5
Time — :26, :50, 1:16»4. 1:43. 1:49*;. At post 4% mlnuten. Off at 4:17»«. Anvil dace 1
show. 8-5. Dungannon. place, 6-5; show. S-5. ■ Wenrick, show. 3. Winner' b e ' bv
BvutUB-Grandezla. Trained by C. E. Murray. Scratched— Blackthorn, Duke* of niche •
llea. Matt Hogan. Start good. Won all drfvins. Anvil swer\-ed at the close under pun
ishment. Dungannon also very tired. Wenrick likes plenty of mud. Meistersinger auit
Isabelllta. off badly and no chance. Major Tenny has gone back. Grafter won't do.
7WJ.S. SIXTH RACE-yOne mile; purse; two-year-olds; value to first, $325.
Indexl Horse and Owner. f Wt St. %'..■. %. % . s Str. Fin . Jockey.j Op^ Cl"
(7613) Dr. Leggo (G. W. Wilson) 110 4 3^3225 1 hi 1 . Bonner .... 3.5 "tIio
7013 A. Muskoday (G. W. Dodge).. 103 1 11)51.1 1 r, 24 24 J. Jones." 10 15
7SS« Hooligan (D. S. Fountain)... 104 2 6 % « 2 3 n 314 S 3^ L. Fountain R .»
761.1 IRoyal Red (J. Touhey)... . .. 100 3 2h 2h 4 l%5 % 4 4 Anderson 30 an
7(113 I^dy Goodrich (Applegate) . . l(^ fl 4 1 4n 6 3 6 4 5 h 'Bell. .. -jn " 1
7CO4 i.Vra (Stevens & Son). ........ 103 7 7 5 5 h S i 4 n « 8 I\V. Davis fi 7-'»
7(U3 !Sea Air (T. E. McLaughlln). . 104 5 5 2 7 7 7 7 |Kunz ..../. « %
Time— :26. :61. 1:16, 1:44. At post 1 minute. Off at 4:3S. Lpggo, place, 1-3: out show
Muskoday. place, 4; show, 1. Hooligan, show. tt-5. Winner, b. c. by Purvear D-
Sevens. Trained by C. C McCafferty. ; Start good. Won . rasityT' Balance driving Dr
LrKgo best. Muskoday a clever mud trick. , Hooligan should have been closer up. Ara
has gone back some. Royal Red has speed.'. Sea Air ran poorly
HORSES SELECTED
ON FORM TO LEAD
. OUT THEIR FIELDS
BY FRED E. MULUOLLAXD.
First race — Phalanx, Handy Bill,
Mogregor.
Second race — Alice Carey, The Cure,
Revolt.
Third race — Troy, Bronze Wing,
Delsegno.
Fourth race — Albula, Tocolaw,
Judge.
Fifth race — Briers, Flaneur,
Meistersingcr.
Sixth race — G. VV. Trahern, Royalty,
Freckinan/
FEATURE EVENT
IS THE HANDICAP
A handicap at six and a half fur
longs will be the special* feature of
the card at Oakland this afternoon.
Among the starters will be Judge.
Tocolaw, Albula and Matt Hogan. The
day's entries:
Kirst race — Futurity course two-year-olds,
selling.
7675 Bill Short (Magrane) 110
7676 'Phalanx (Molera &. Josephs) 105
7615 'The Gadfly (Keene) 105
7011 'Velna (Van Gorden) 102
7011 Bearskin (McAle«er> no
Ttlll Mugresor <Bianchi & Co.) no
7546 Golden Idol (Daly) no
7«11 Salable iDlastngame) lo7
7587 'Tar Baby (Neil) 102
7557 Melar (Strobe]) . 107
7(H 1 Pearl Waters (Waters) 107
7.'i«!» Sweet Kitty Bellairs (Price) 107
7006 'Mizpah (Summers) 102
7611 Handy Bill (Zallnsky) no
Seco.id race^— Six furlongs, three-year-olds
and up. selling.
7C12 'Aibonita (MeAbee & Davi 8 ) 102
7407 Light Braid (Nevin)... 107
7617 Sugden (Sturgeon) 107
7567 Alice Carey (Fleur de Lts Stable). .. .107
7600 Urbano (Boyle) 107
7617 Myrtle H (HertzellT 107
7010 Revolt •Gilbert) ; n«
7522 Miss Culver (Van Bokkelen) 107
7«2"> The Cure ( Brinkworth) lofi
7341 Hogarth (Turner) 103
Third race— Six furlongs, four-year-olds and
up. selling. .
7M7 'Yellowstone (Fine) 105
7570 Delsegno (Logan) 107
"r>5.T K ub.lik ( Baird) u>7
75K2 Royal White (Lowrle) ........ '. '.'.'..'. 107
760l> 'Rene (Lamasney Bros.) ; [106
75fi2 Tamm (Edison) ; in
7312 Boe RoRewater (Romigh) "..Ill
7571, San Lutlon (Dixon) m
7«01 'Bronze Wing (Judge) it»fl
7CO7 Emma Reubold (Appleby & Co ) "ill
7601 'Troy (Gilbert) .ice
7»U7 'Sunny Shore (Dunn) '.'.106
7612 Sterllnc Towers (fetockton Stable). ..Ill
75*53 'Glenarvon (Summers) . . . ; toe,
7570 Alta G (Hertzell) ['107
7487 Polonlus (Stewart & Co.) "no
Fourth race, six and a half furlongs twe
y«u--oldn and up. handicap.
7625 Judge (McAIester) no
Big Beach (Wilson) OR
7014 Matt Hogan (Romigh) 103
7ti2F Tocolaw (Jennings) 10.1
760S Albula (Lamasney Bros) 106
7614 Sea Voyage (Miller) »o
Fifth race, one mile and fifty yards, thres
yrni-olds and up. selling. -,%;.':
7>il 7 Homage (Stephenson) »7
7(il. r > Bill Young (Sturgeon) 97
7BU0 'Briers (Rowell) loo
7C22 *Box Elder (Moran> SS
7601 Frank Woods (Garden City Stable). ..101
7H27 MMsterstnger (Healey) 10+
7*;0fl *Maud Muller (Miller) 92
7C0J> •Hermencia (Cahlll) , 02
7621 'Flaneur (Htanrhi & Co) .L Ki
7tU7 Dandle Belle (Winter & Johnson). .. .103
Sixth race, one mile and . 10O yards, three
year-olds and up. purse.
(70i0)W. R. Condon (Ezell) 110
Tiift! Ink (Latnasney Bros) : 102
"filft Royalty (Green'* : 107
7fiO2 Veterano < Vtvell) ....» 102
<7610)G. \V\ Trahern (Summers) 103
.... Freckman (Bradley & Dunn). 99
•Apprentice allowance
N'ew Orleans Racing Results
NEW ORLEANS, I>c. 26.— Results of to
day's races:
First race, one and. a sixteentn miles — Rlaa
won. Mlsanthroiie second. Aggie Lewis third.
Time. 1:48 3-5.
Second race, six furlongs— Trossachs won,
Mary Glenn second, Optional .third. Time,
1:15. . ■..-..,.
' Third race, seven furlongs — Kitty Platt won,
TraDD«r second. Ascot Belle ■ third. Time.
1:27 4-5. ' '■
Fourth race, handicap, one mile — Foxmeade
won. Ram's Horn second. Reliance third.
Time. 1:41. *ill&lt*gsMP5Kgt*a
Fifth race; one and three-eighths miles '
Brooklyn won, Oravlna second. Mainspring
third. Time, 2:22 4-5.
Sixth race, stx 'furlongs — Gotowin won. Sis
!>«• second. Savoir third. . Time.' 1 :14 3-5.
A man may. hide his . light under
a bushel and 1 still feel that he Is out
of sight.
ETHYLENE CAPTURES
HOLLYWOOD HANDICAP
Brown Daughter of Freeman Is
an Outsider in the Betting.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 26.— A holiday
crowd of at leaat 9000 people went to
Ascot to-day and " the twenty u joks
had all they could do to handle the
volume of money. The card -was a
splendid one, the weather was clear
and the' track lightning: fast. One track
record was cut materially, Ethylene
clipping: off l\i seconds in the big race
of the day. Two favorites won and
the public lost a lot of money or. the
day. ■
The sport opened with the success of
Happy Chappy, a 10 to 1 shot, in the
first race, the favorite, Funnyside,
finishing: second and Rag Tag, heavily
played, third. The second .went to
Luckett, the favorite, in fast time, The
Major second and John P third.
The Hollywood handicap, at one and
a sixteen miles, with a gross value of
$1810, was third on the card and hj.d
seven starters. Fi^e scratches rather
upset the calculations of the form stu
dents. The public made Princess Tu
lane, Fossil, High Chancellor and Mil
ton Young almost equal favorite.
Blissful was an added starter and was
played to finish just inside the monev.
Ethylene could be had at 7 and 8 to 1.
Ethylene set the pace from the start,
with Fossil always a close second and
Milton Young, Blissful and Chancellor
a few lengths back. The first mile
was run In 1:39k, Ethylene maintaining
an even pace all the way ■ and finishing
a length ahead of Fossil. Tulane came
fast In the stretch and finished third.
The time was 1:45%, a record for the
Ascot track-
JANES AND LONG
WIN CLEVERLY
Defeat Rolfe and Jones in
the Finals of Doubles
Tournament on the Courts
An unusually large attendance of ten
nis players occupied the Califor
nia Club courts all day yesterday. The
scratch doubles tournament commenced
on Sunday was finished and a number
of continuous tournament matches
were played. As was expected George
Janes and Melville Long carried off the
honors in the main event. In- the finals
they beat Paul Jones and Harry Rolfe
handily.
The winning team was the most even,
ly balanced of the lot and won all its
matches without much trouble. In the
finals the winners took the first two
sets easily. Jones and Rolfe took a
brace in the third set and won it 6-4.
In the fourth and last set Janes and
Long drove and smashed splendidly.
They won this set by a 6-3 score. This
is the fifth tournament Janes has won
since he joined the California Tennis
Club. He has not lost a tournament
match yet. Aside from this he has
worked his way to the top in the con
tinuous tournament. He first beat Col
lier and on Sunday defeated Ray Cor
nell, the No. 1 man. Janes' rise in the
tennis world has been meteoric.
The semi-final match between Ray
Splivalo and Chester Smith and Paul
Jones and Harry Rolfe was exceeding
ly close. Smith and Splivalo won the
first set easily and looked like sure win
ners. As on the previous day Rolfe
and Jones put up a strong finish and
just nosed out their opponents.
The other semi-final match was won
in straight sets by Janes and Long.
Their opponents, Frank Mitchell and
Bradley Wallace, made a good showing
in the first set but stood no chance In
the second. Mitchell put up a good
game, but Janes and Long played
everything to Wallace, who was some
what outclassed.
In the continuous tournament W. B.
Collier, No. 3. beat Ray Cornell, No. 2,
in three straight sets. Collier played
a steady game and won on his oppo
nent's errors.
W. G. Knowlton established a record
for continuous tournament play. He
played four matches yesterday and won
them all. Twice he defended and twice
he advanced a number.
Al Kenyon went up* a number when
he beat Moulten Warner. The match
was close and went threesets. The
scores follow:
Scratch doubles— Harry Rolfe and Paul
Jones beat Chester Smith and Roy Spivalo.
2-6. 8-6 7-5; George Janes and Melville Long
beat Frank Mitchell and Bradley. Wallace.
Finals— Janes and Long beat Jones and
Rolfe. 6-2. 8-4. 4-6. 6-3.
Continuous tournament — W. B. Collier beat
Ray Cornell. 6-2. 6-2. 7-5; Albert Kenyon beat
Moulten Warner, 6-4. 2-6. 6-4: W. G. Knowl
ton beat B. Wallace. 6-2. 6-4; W. Murphy.
6-4 8-6 .7-5: M. Little. 6-4, 6-3, and Dr.
Xoble, 5-7. 6-3. 6-0. .'
TITUS. THE CRACK SCULLER,
MAY MEET -ALEX PAPE HERE
The American Amateur Ex-Champion
Is Anxious for a Race on Lake .
'j!crritt Waters.
NEW YORK, Dec. 26. — Constance
S. Titus, ex-champion amateur scul
ler of America, stated positively to
day that he would go to the Pacific
Coast to race Pape and Glass. He
also stated that he had not abandoned
the idea of going to Australia.. He
said:
"I have made all arrangements for
a trip to Australia in February, but I
would go to the Pacific Coast to row
Al Pape on Lake Merritt, near San
Francisco.' and would stop on my way
at Portland, Or., to meet Ed Glass if
matches could be arranged. '
"These two men are- the fastest
scullers on the coast and I would like
to race either of them. Despite the
opinion of scullers on the coast that
no- Easterner can go out there and
defeat their champions, I feel confi
dent I would defeat at least one of
them."
The two-year-old race furnished tha
biggest surprise of the day, Bologna,
at 23 to 1, winning easily from Sand
stone, with Belle Kinney third. Blue
ccat, Tramotor and El Otros, the threa
heavily played horses, failed to get in
side the money.
Chub was the victim of a poorly
judged ride in the fifth ana was beaten
out a neck by Emperor of India, Har
bor third. Crigli finished, first In the
laat, after being backed into favoritism.
Winifreda was second and Effervesc
ence third. Weather cloudy; trade
fast. Summary:
Flrsi race, selling. six furlongs — Happy
Chappy. 1C6 (Lawrence), 10 to 1. won: Funny-
» s de. 97 •(Miller). 7- to 3, second; Ras Tag. Ill
(Walsh). \ to 1 third. Time. 1:13%. Our
Pride. Tam CShanter. Doriee and Wager also
ran.
Second race, nix furlongs — Luckm. 10*
(RAnnecamp). 11 to 5. won; Th« Major, 101
(Fuller), 7 to 1. second; John V. 105 IF.
Walsh), 7 to. 1. tHrd. Time. l:13«-j. Pmdflco.
Kl Chihuahua, Flrmfoot Jardin de Pa.-l* and
Ar.dvari also ran.
Third race, the Hollywood handteap. $12V)
added, sweepstakes for two-year-old» and up
uard. total value flaw, one and a sixteenth
miles — Ethylene. 1(C i Cooker). 7 to 1, won:
Fossil, 116 (Fuller). !{ to 1. second; Princess
lulane, 107 tE. Walsh). 3 to 1. third. Tlm<\
1:45!*. Milton Young. High Chancellor Hani
Wagner and Blissful also ran.
Fourth race, five furlongs — Bologna. UXl
(Kent). 25 to 1, won: Sandstone, lt)6 (Renne
cam.i>, 5 to 1. second; Pelle Kinney. ir>3
(Booker), 5 to 1. third. Time. 1:01. Traxn
otor. El Otros and Bluecoat also ran.
Flftb race, selling, one and a • sixteenth
miles — Emperor of India. 100 (Tooman). 5 to
1. won; Chub. 103 (H-Tbert). 4 to 5. second;
Harbor. 99 (Miller). 20 to 1. third. Time
1:47. Akela and Heather Honey also nd.'
Sixth race, selling, six furlongs— Crigli. tt
(Mortality), 3 to 1. won; Wtnnifreda, 92 (Per
rlne). 6 to 1. second; Effervescence. 82 (Kent).
16 to 5. third. Time. 1:M& James J. Cbr
bett. Ray. Miss Shylock. L»»onadi>. Evermore,
Foxlake and Bay Wonder a!*o ran.
POLOISTS MEET
IN SMART GAME
Hobartj Driscoll and B. 31.
Tobin Play Cleverly on
the Burlingame Field
The red jacketed poloists of the
Burlingame Country Club defeated the
Whites yesterday on the club field
after an hour's exciting play by a
score of 9 to 7. The teams lined up;
Reds— Whltes^ —
H. M. Tobin. . F. .1. Mackey.
T. A. Driscoll. . C R. Tobin.
J. O. Tobin. •tiarles Dunphy.
W. S. Hobart. . L. McCreery.
The Whites started with a rush.
Lawrence McCreery. who was playing
"back," scoring two goals early in the
first period. The score was soon a
tie, however, as R. M. Tobin and T. A.
Driscoll scored.
R. M. Tobin of the Reds scored the
only goal in the second period. The
veteran, F- J. Mackey. made the score
a tie again in the third period by a,
brilliant piece of playing. Each side
scored again before the end of the
period.
The Reds took a decided lead In the
fourth period. Tom Driscoll scoring
two goals and R. M. Tobin one. Each
side scored . in the fifth. J. O. Tobin
being credited with one goal and.
Charley Dunphy with the other.
F. J. Mackey and Cyril Tobin scored
for the Whites in the last period, while
Walter Hobart performed a like ser
vice for the Reds.
The day was an ideal one for polo
and the play was witnessed by a largo
gallery.
Amateur Rilliurclists to Meet.
CHICAGO, Dec. 26.— The National
Amateur Billiard Tournament, to b*
held January 30, under the auspices of
the Chicago Athletic Club, promises to
attract to this city many of the best
known players of the country. Invi
tations have already been sent to
twenty-two of the most prominent
players eligible in Class A. , "; t ■■'*.-'
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 26.— The Sher
man Indians had little difficulty de
feating the Nevada University foot
ball team at Fiesta Park this afternoon
by the score of 23 to 5. The Nevadana
put up a fast, snappy game for about
fifteen minutes and then seemed to lose
their ginger. ■ The Indians showed to
better advantage in almost every phase
of the game. .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Agreeable soap for the
hands is one that dissolves
quickly, washes quickly,
rinses quickly, and leaves
the skin soft and comfort-
able. It is Pears'.
-
Wholesome soap is one
that attacks the dirt but
not the living skin. It is I
Pears*.
Economical soap is one
that a touch of cleanses.
And this is Pears'.
Established over 100 years.
carter's! cure sick headache *
SPittle Genuine Must Bear
1 1 VER Fac-Simile Signature
1112
ADVERTISEMEXTS.
DISFIGURED
WITH ECZEMA
' Under Physicians Five
Months. Went from
Bad to Worse.
CURED BYCUTICURA
Wonderful Change in One Night.
In a Month Face Was
. . Clean as Ever.
" I w&s troubled with eczema on the
face for five months during which time
I vr&s In the care of physicians My
flee w&s in *uch » condition that I
eoald oot co oat. It was going from
bad to worse and I gave cp all hope,
when a friend of mine highly recom-
mended Caticnra Remedies. The first
night %fter I washed mj face with Cu-
tftcurti Soap and used Cuticura Ointment
' &nu Outicnra Kesolrent it changed won-
dertutlj and conttnalag tbe treatment
u remored ill scales and scabs. From
; "iat &£.} I w&s able to go out. and in a
inotith it face was as clean as ever/'
THOMAS J. SOTH, 317 Stagg St.,
BrooJdyn N Y
. Th<- above letter was received in 1898
»nd he again write* u* Feb 19 1903,
. I iiav- no* beer troubled with eczema
#mce
Tbe agonizing 'tehingr and burning ot
the Bkin as In eczema; tbe fr^btfal
BcViitig, as Is psoriasis ; the 'o?s of hair
«a^ -rusting of scalp, as in stalled
Lead; the facial disngarement, as in
pimples and ringworm; the awful suf-
fering of infants, and anxiety of worn*
nut parents, as in milk crust, tetter and
sa'.t rheam — all demand a remedy of
nlmost superhuman virtues to success-
fully cope with them That Cuticara
Soap, Ointment and Resolvent are such
stands proven beyond all doubt. No
statement is made regarding them that
is not justified by the strongest evi-
aepce. The purity and sweetness, the
power to afford immediate relief, the
certainty of speedy and permanent
:urs, the absolute safety and great
economy have made them the standard
skit cares of tbe civilized world.
8oUl threo-hont tfce vorli. Cattearp. Rewrivast. «e.
Bn form ot Chocolate Cot>d FtUa. tic. per rid of 40).
intineot. «Oo.. Soap. 2Sc Depota f Lond.>:i. V Chartfr-
kouar Sqi Parii. t R-jr it ia Paiz; Beaton. IS Ca4um-
. «ua A« Potter Drut ft Chii-i Corp.. Sola Propriatun.
/)v:git DR. JORDAN'S great <1
OF AHATGEIY^
0 M^ ISn H.LZTZZ ST. ttt. 6:tt7C Z.T.Zil A
\ CiT Tbe Largest Asatenical Mv*eiun ia the \
f) i.ij(|j',_ World. Wwtimiw or *ay c.n;r«ct«rt ft
1 1^2 sSi *»«•»« pa>a4llw»ly rvr.ri 6y tfca eldeit V
■O '»^a|l 60 * 11 * 1 •■ Itl Cout. Hit. 36 yean Q
0 l&Slu DR * JO R OAa-B!SEASES OF KEN 6
|Jff^*^S Cnnaoltuita free tr.d ttd't'y prtatfe. \
11 !'■ A>*t fl Tr««r»ent p«~ot»h» or b» )encr(Ll A
V r* J \l H A^* t * Omrt io sr*t «»»e mr.icnak ea. T
4^ "■ '/ I) « Write for nook. PBILO«oraT ef A
* / * ll 1 ' EXABniASE. MAILKO fltSK. ( A. T
\ Jl Jl vaiuabie book for men) \ '
/' PC iOCDAS 4CO.. 1051 MArk*t^5t..8. r. 9
Ever bear of a fiat Table Salt that
'• ■ dee* not ciosr — or harden — always
' ' shakes freely from shaker— a steril-
ized Salt of rare parity? Leslie Ster-
ilized. Salt is this Salt. No rerma. ZTo
»:icro*oea. It's gterllized.
CAZ.J. AT
Evatt ®> Hinkle
86 Third St..
STEW GOODS. HEW STOBE.
'- " For Diamonds, Watches, Jewelry.
CUTLERY-
EVERy BLADE WARRANTED
Dies From Gas Asphyxiation.
George Duffy, the young fireman of
the battleship Iowa who inhaled Il
luminating gas in the Prescott House,
933 Kearny street, on Saturday, died
yesterday at the Emergency Hospital.
Duffy and R. A. Clotter. a shipmate,
hired a room in the Prescott House
for the night and left the gas Jet open.
Clotter was found dead on the bed,
while Duffy, unconscious, was removed
to- toe Emergency Hospital, where
Dr. C. E. Millar vainly tried to save
his life. ■ William Karsen, who inhaled
gas at the Ferry lodging-house, also
died in the hospital. The Coroner
took charge of both bodies.
Hav« it printed by Efltrard Knowies Com
pany, 24 Second street, near Market. •
EAIC DIEGO, Dee. 28. — Marcus Ricardo, a
Mexican, acred 24 years, was ' found dead on
the banks of the Ean Luis Rejr River, near
Oceaaside. this morning. Death had evidently
been caused by exposure.'
ADVERTKEMENTSj; ____A_^
GHIRARDELLrS
Wee bits of chocolate
that Dlease all tastes m0 f /M^^\
and charm all palates /'!/ il/mSwS^
Ai Confectioners' end Grocers' ' "TCTfttt_ / jff^raB^fflpKwiTO
ALLEGED THIEF
HELD BY WOMAN
Mrs. T. Lundy, Wliile Board
ing Crowded Car, Catches
Man Acting Suspiciously
PRISONER -IS SEARCHED
Believed to Have Passed Her
Purse to Confederate Pos
ing as Special Detective
A daring: piece of pickpocket work
was accomplished yesterday afternoon
on a beach car about to leave the cor
ner of Fourth and Stevenson streets
and Henry E- Wisherd Is lodged at the
City Prison on a charge of grand lar
ceny. The complainant is Mrs. T.
Lundy of 947 Stanyan street, wife of
the jeweler, who has a store in the Call
building.
Mrs. Lundy, accompanied by her hus
band and her son, Arthur Dundy, was
boarding a beach car amid a Jostling
crowd that was attempting to get
seats. While on the rear platform of
the car Mrs. Lundy felt herself vio
lently thrust forward and at the same
time Arthur Lundy remonstrated with
Wisherd, but as the latter apologized
nothing more was thought of the oc
currence.
A minute later Mrs. Lundy dis
covered that her purse containing $30
■was gone and the peculiar actions of
Wisherd directed suspicion to him. Ac
cording to Arthur Lundy Wisherd had
gone to the front of the ear, then
jumped off and was standing on the
curb.
Mrs. Lundy ran toward Wisherd and
seizing him by the arm accused him of
stealing* her purse. He made no at
tempt to break away but appeared to
be hesitating about making any state
ment beyond the fact that she had
made a mistake. Suddenly, according
to Mrs. Lundy, Wishera exclaimed,
"Well, take me into the store here and
search me."
As the party entered the store a
short man dressed in a * long ulster
coat pushed through the crowd, threw
back his coat showing 1 a star and
claimed to be a special detective. He
made a hasty examination of the pris
oner and announced that there was no
purse on him and suggested that he be
released.
At this juncture Mr. Lundy returned'
with Policemen Driscoll and McQuaide,
who took Wisherd into custody- When
the policemen arrived the man claim
ing to be the special officer disappeared.
The Lundys believe that this man was
a confederate and obtained possession
of the purse.
Wisherd was a taken to the Fourth
and Clara streets station and when
searched no purse was found on him.
He said he was a bartender and lately
arrived from New York and that he
lived on Geary street.
Imbued With Christmas Spirit.
E. F. Phelan, 921 Polk street,
found a lady's hand satchel yesterday
on Devisaderp street, near Fulton, and
took it to police headquarters. It con
tained about $1000 worth^of diamond
jewelry and S5 75 in cash. The name
and address, ''Mrs. O. F. Grundel, 1911
Eddy street," were engraved on the
satchel, and Property Clerk Dlnan
telephoned to Mrs. Grundel. Her hus
band hurried to headquarters and'was
overjoyed at recovering his wife's
property. When Phelan was asked
what reward would be adequate he re
plied that he did not want anything
personally, but if Grundel felt inclined
to give anything he could make a
donation to the Little Sisters of the
Poor. Grundel said he would do so.
Those Tf-ho Cough at Night may se
cure rest by taking Plso's Cure. All druggists.*
Mrs. Ann Carr Dies Suddenly.
Mrs. Ann Carr cooked breakfast
for her husband yesterday morning at
their residence, 587 Ivy avenue, and
after the meal her husband went out
for a wallc When he returned sev
eral hours later he found her lying on
the bed. The decedent had been under
the care of a physician for a long
time for rheumatism and heart fail
ure and death was due to natural
causes. She was a native of Ireland,
58 years old.
The overworked Eye, faded Eye, red
and inflamed Eye, Eye that needs care,
relieved by Murlne Eye Remedy. *
Lmundrynian Tlircnvn From Wagon.
Albert Wildier of 718 Valencia
street, a laundryman, was thrown
from his wagon yesterday at Twenty
third and Noe streets and his knee
was dislocated. The horse that Wildier
was driving made a dash for freedom.
This unnerved its driver and he lost
control of it and was thrown from
his seat. His injuries were treated at
the Emergency Hospital by Dr. W. E.
Stevens.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 27, 1904.
LIVE LECTURE
TO BE GIVEN
Jacob Riis, the American j
Saronarola, to Talk ' for j
Benefit of Delinquent Tykes '
INTERESTS CLUBWOMEN !
Address Will Be Under the
Auspices of the Civic Sec
tion of California Club
By Laura Bride Powers.
As an element in the betterment of
civic conditions in San Francisco, the
California Club's a trump!
It works along educational, social
science and civic lines and these de
partments of activity are pigeon-holed
off into a half-hundred sections, run
ning from harmony to hospitals.
Now, the civic section of the club was
the fond progenitor of the juvenile
court, agitating its worth and assisting
vitally in the passage of 'laws making
it a possibility.
But the question of financing it was
left largely in the air — and purposely —
that there would be no valid reason for
the bill's defeat.
For two years the California Club,
with other humane individuals and or
gariizations. has been contributing a
tax for the salaries of the probationary
officers. That this great work, should
have to depend upon philanthropy is
lamentable, but- at this time such is
the case until the Board of Supervisors*
make a suitable provision for its main
tenance in May — which every right
thinking man and woman In all the city
should rise up and demand. Then will
the board gladly comply, since it is
made up of men who recognize the
value to the government of the intelli
gent guidance of delinquent children. ;
That funds shall be available for the
good work, the civic section of the
California Club has induced Jacob Riis,
the deliverer of children in New York
slums, to talk UDpn his chosen work.
The lecture will be given at the Al- '
hambra, Monday evening, January . 9,
and the distinguished visitor will tell
about "Tony," a real waif of the Got
ham streets, and will demonstrate his
talk with stereopticon views of Tony's
hard lot. !
This man Rils is a wonder! He has '
been a moral derrick for the poor in the
tenements of his city, demonstrating
how a stout heart and a strong mind,
bent on a human errand, can change
conditions that a century of false living
had wrought. i
The following terse recital of the so
cial revolution brought about by this
erstwhile reporter is an epitome of his
labors:
It was RHs ■who forced the destruction of
rear tenements, and thus relieved the hideous
darkntss and density of life among the poor.
It was the reporter with his nagging: that
wiped out Mulberry Bend, the worst tenement
block in the city, and had the space turned
Into a park. Rlls spoke the word that Incited
Commissioner Roosevelt to abolish police sta
tion lodging-houses. Riis fought for and se
cured a truant school, where boys who play
hooky are disciplined — they used to be impris
oned with juvenile criminals. Rile did the work
that won email narks for bad spots In the
city: he labored years for enough schools;
he drove bakeshops with their fatal flre« out
of tenement basements; he demanded llpht
for dark tenement hallways, got It, and thus
opened one hiding-place of vice, crime and
filth. He worked for the - abolition of child
labor, and, when a law was enacted, com
pelled Its enforcement. Playgrounds for
schools and the opening of schoolrooms to
boys" and girls' clubs were of his. work.. And
he raised the cry for flowers for the healthy
as well as The sick poor.
Now, such a man is worth seeing.
Likewise is he worth hearing, if for no
more than to demonstrate the power
for good that lies in one heart, one
head and one pair of hands. • !
And don't forget, in hearing this
American Savonarola, that the proceeds
of the lecture planned by the Calif or- ,
nia Club's civic section will be devoted ■
to the very things that Jacob Riis has \
done elsewhere, and that must be done j
in San Francisco, unhampered by - a
paucity of pennies.
Remember the date, January 9, and
the place, the Alhambra Theater.
You're going?.
STABBING AFFRAYS MAR
CHRISTMAS FESTIVITIES
Stenographer and Laborer Arrested
for Using Knives^ Upon Their
Opponents During Argument.
George C. Lederer. 1 - a stenographer,
living at 223 Pierce street, is locked
up at the City Prison and Fred Riedel,
a. grocery clerk, living at 53 Scott
street, is under the care of Dr. F. W.
Ross for- a knife wound of the ab
domen. Late Sunday night Riedel
telephoned to the Golden Gate Park
police station, asking that a policeman
be sent to him. Policeman Ceiher
was detailed and to him Riedel said
he had been stabbed by Lederer dur
ing a quarrel on Scott street, near
Waller. Ceiner, accompanied by Po
liceman Burns, went to Lederer's resi
dence and arrested him. H« was taken
to Rledel's bedside and Riedel identi
fied him as the man who stabbed him.
When searched Lederer had a knife
and a . handkerchief covered with
blood in his pockets. These were
booked as evidence.
Eugene Masson, laborer, 1760 Har
rison street, was stabbed on the right
ear and chin at Sixth and Shipley
streets early yesterday morning by
Peter Williams. Masson was sent to
the Central Emergency Hospital and
Williams was arrested by Policeman
H. Wilson and Special Officer Dough
erty on a charge of assault to murder.
UNIDENTIFIED MAN -
CUTS inS THROAT
Aged Unfortunate Believed . to Be a
Dishwasher Found Dead in Bed
With Razor Xear. '
An unknown man was. found dead
in bed yestcrday'mornlngr in the St.
Davia's House, 715 Howard street.
His throat had been cut from ear to
ear. Close to his right hand was a
blood-stained razor. The man had
been rooming at the. St. David's House
irregularly for , about two weeks.' i No
one knew his name or, occupation, but
it is believed that -he was a dish
washer. He was between 50 and 60
years *; old . and shabbily dressed.
Nothing was \ found on his ' person | by
which he could be identified. .
From the position of : the body^ and
the . blood stains there ; is ; little 'doubt
that the unfortunate man took his own
life. HBHRHEiiS
/ APVgRTISOIENTS^j^^^^ . ,>.....— ~,~ — ;.—•—----' ~^^
■ m-^^^M^k^mn J230-1232-1234 MABKET STREET. g
B — . ! . .•'■■• — — ' ' '■ ; _ 8
| THE GREATEST OF ALL SALES EVER. HELD IN SAN FRANCISCO. , |
Sf 900 HOO ST0CK 0F FASHIONABLE TAILOR SUITS, JACKETS, L0N6 COATS, SKIRTS, GAPES, FURS;
8'$£UUpUUU AND CHILDREN'S COATS WILL BE CLOSED OUT AT 25c, 40c AND 50c ON THE DOLLAR,:
S Thousands of ladies are eagerly looking forward to this great yearly BARGAIN. EVENT. ' Many garments will be sold at ■
•B less than half cost of Wholesale Production) and no matter HOW RIDICULOUSLY LOW PRICES may seem, nevertheless there a
g will be no MISREPRESENTATION. GOODS SOLD EXACTLY AS ADVERTISED. . %
m All dependable Garments and only of this season's productions. The word of "Bargain" analyzed in its fullest meaning. □
j| We will adhere to our successful method not to carry over garments from one season to another season; the cutting to a ■
n fraction of former prices must sell them. In addition to our stock we have purchased over 2500 wool and silk Waists from a lead- B
g ing New York manufacturer at half-prices, which we will offer at prices that revolutionize the waist market. |j
■ TAILOR SUITS WALKING SKIRTS DRESS SKIRTS 2SS 8
Band SHIRT WAIST SUITS Good Quality-Shrunk and Sponged anality cntto . t $1.85.
g $12.50 AlMvool Shirtwaist Suits quality cut to. $1.45 W-jJ qna ty cat to. 1.4a
S cutto $145 $4.00 quality cnt to...... 1.75 go.OO quality cut to 1.9a"
3 cm -! V '.,'• " \\ n*i \'u S4 50 miftlitv cut to 1 05 $ 6 - 00 quality cut to , 2.45 m
D $Id.OO Sicilian Pauama Cloth quajitj cut to.., . . ....... . i.jo - « Q .|
S Shirtwaist Suits cut to...... 5.95 $5.00 quality cut to.. ......... 2.25 *^0 qua 7 ea to 2.9o j
g -915.00 Silk .Shirtwaist Suits cut 86.00 quality cut to.. 2.45 liU
3 to 5 95 $0^50 quality cut to.... 2.95 $10.00 quality cut to 4.4*g
I S12.50*TaiIor Suits cut to." .* .' .' .' .' 4.*95 * 7 # cut to. . . .-. 3.45 S^K and WOOL WAISTS!
I $15.00 Tailor Suits cut to". .... . 6.95 $ 8#5 .° Quality Cllt to 3.95 A Manufacturer's Lot,, at. Less Than Half Price g
| $17.50 Tailor Suits cut to 7.45 $10.00 quality cu<> to 4.95 $2.00 quality cut to , $ .65 B
n $20.00 Tailor Suits cut to 8.45 $ 12 -5<> quality cut to 6.45 $3.00 Quality cut to , 1.35 D
i §3.50 quality cut to \ 1.45 S
1 $22.50 VELVET SUITS SILK SKIRTS $4.oo quality cut to i.tsB
S Mud fin ntWM $10.00 quality cut to $5.95 $5.00 quality cutto , 1.95b
I P 50 * TWHoi SuitsVit to SO 95 * 12 -5<> inalitV cut to. .... . . . . 6.45 $6-00 quality cut to. . . . ... . . . 2.45 g
B Jp^i — .t)'J .1 ull Or ollllS Cat IO JpJ'.UD ■* ■ • ■ ■ c>n ~ r\ fj. 1 ± ■ r» n ~ a
g jjjgjoo Tailor Suits cut to. . ... 11.95 $15.00 quality cut to. ... ..... 7.95 *6.oO quality cut to. .......... 2.9o |
■ $27.50 Tailor suits cut to. 12.95 IJ^JJPMp^ • • • • • ;?•£» Fur Capes and Fur JacKctsg
£ $30.00 Tailor Suits cut to. 14.45 '>- 0 - 00 quality cut to 11.9o §12.50 Capes cut to $4.95 5
B $32.00 Tailor Suits cut to. . 15.95 l\AivTA \A A n r^T 1 ** $15.00 Capes cut to. 6.45°
g $35.00 Tailor Suits cut to. . 16.95 IfAlNAi^YA t/LU I fl $17.50 Capes cut to 7.4?*
a $40.00 Tailor Suits cut to. . 19.1/5 and ETAMINE SKIRTS $20.00 'Capes cut to 8.05 2
! S fD A VFMFTTF C(\ ATK $6.50 quality cnt to $2.95 $ 25 -00 Fur Jackets cut to 14.p;> m
Ss7 50^Jscutto $7.50 quality cut to 3 . 45 $30.00 Fur Jackets cut to. ..... 19.95§
1 1 1 otoo^atsttt:::;:;::;:. *l:tl j«g at> 3.95 s^ r "^- a
1 $15.00 Coats cut to.. x. 6.45 $10.00 quality cut to, 4.95 LONG COATS, % COATS -5
■ $17.50 CoatsCut to. . . . 7.45 SI 2 - 50 W0J cut to 5.95 $12.50 Black Cheviot Coats cut to $4.95 g
S $20.00 Coats cut to 9.95 rH nT\'C lAr^FTC $15.00 Long Coats cut to 6.95 ■
b • LlULD 3 JAl/IVEl^ $17.50 Lorn? Coats cut to ., 8.45"
1 JACKETS $2.00 Jackets cut to $ .75 $20.00 Long Coats cut to 9.95 ■
g $10.00 Covert Jackets cut to $3.95 $2.50 Jackets cut to 95 $25.00 Lon^ Coats cnt to 14.45 g
S $10.00 Cloth Jackets cut to 3.95 $3.50 Jackets cut to 1.45 MavpITv Ct\7t1 « Fxr^riTrirt Trvn*.. I
S $11.00 Cloth Jackets cut to 4.95 $4.00 Jackets cnt to 1.75 no r^^ f + 9^?H?S
g $12.50 Cloth Jackets cut to 5.95 $5.00 Jackets cut to 2.25 ,^ 00 'fW« zonii "" * ,, I n S
;g $13.00 Cloth Jackets cut to..... 6.95 $6.00.Jackets cut to 2.75 S^oo fw f + o- S
j ■ $15.00 Cloth Jackets cut to. . . . . 7.95 $7.00 Jackets cut to. .. ........ 2.95 £|5tS Jr"« l!f l0 '"\ !™5"
|B$17.50Clothaackctscutto p.95 $3.00 Jackets cut to.. 3.45 Sf!! + !° 5 °B
| $20.00 Cloth Jackets cut to..... 9.95 $10.00 Jackets cut to.. 4.95 " ■ i^i 80 " 00 B
;g SALE COMMENCES 'TO-DAY, DEC. ZZ7 , AX 9;3O A. M. a
iTHE GOLDEN GATE CLOAK AND SUIT HOUSE 12301232^ 4 o I i^ RKETST I
! lffiaBHaHBffliaE3BBBaBaBaaiaaBEBHBBHBaBBBBHBBBBaHaMMBBBBHBaHaHHSBMBHBBaHBBHiaaBBBBBMMBHBEBHBaBaBBa3B
MODERN ELIJAH
CONTRADICTED
"Dowleism" received another rude
shock yesterday when the Rev. Henry
A. Fisk, D. D., discussed the self
elected Elijah III before members of
the Presbyterian Ministers'' Associa
tion. Mr., Fisk was telling of his trip
East and of his dropping into the City
of Zion with the: object of gathering
some sort of information that might
be interesting and possibly Instructive
to the clergy of -this city. Then", the
Rev..J. H. Laughlin, president of the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE OLD RELIABLE
' (Established 1875.)
1132-38 Market St. 25-27-29 Turk St.
EXTRA--EXTRA— EXTRA
SPECIAL SALE
TUESDAY and Wt: DNESDAY
We will sell all of our magnificent
Christmas display of
LAMBS arid SHEEP
Atthe followingf low prices:
SHOULDERS, per lb : . . : --f. - v5c
FOREQUARTERS, per lb ... 7c
HINDQUARTERS, per lb 10c
STEW,per lb,: :....,../.. ,. 5c
This is guaranteed to be the finest
Christmas stock in the city.
CHOICE CORN BEEF—
■{ (Regular 8c) per lb:... . . . . :6c
Big cut on prices of all other meats.
Special Sale Next* Saturday.
Presbyterian Ministers' Association,
made a revelation.
Mr. Laughlin until recently was a
missionary in China, where also, ia
Mrs. Herring, an ardent worker in the
missionary field. It transpired that
Elijah III has been a-casting pam
phlets aboard citing the case of his
miraculous cure of a child named Rey
in Sydney, Australia, Dowle giving the
case as the one where the first knowl
edge of his power as a healer was re
vealed to him by God.
"The story as told by Mrs. Herring,
a sister of Miss Rey," said Mr. Laugh
lm, "is that many years >ago Dowle in
his capacity as pastor visited the Rey
family, which was in sore distress
through; the illness of the child. The
girl had been unconscious for some
time.} Mrs. Herring admits that Alex-,
ander Dowie prayed at the bedside, but
she says that the burden of prayer was.
not that the child should recover, but
that divine consolation might be
granted the family "who would be be
reaved in the event Ct death. He had
no hope of the child's recovery, Mrs.
Herring says, as VasT evidenced by the
fact that when he left the sorrowing
household and was asked by neighbors
concerning the little one's condition
he replied that she was dying and^
even - by " that time had probably de
parted this "life.
"Mrs. Herring relates that after, his
leaving the house her mother placed
the girl in a hot bath and wrapped her,
up in blankets as a. last hope. ; This,
caused the patient to breathe easier
and she woke •' to. consciousness^.
Coupled with this there' had been a
change of physicians just' prior to
Dowie's visit, followed by a complete
change also in treatment.
"Mrs. Herring, said the family never
thought -of attributing the recovery to
a- 'miraculous healing' . in answer to*
prayer apart from the use of medical
treatment. ■ Indeed, the family was
astonished to see*. that Dowie had at
tributed the recovery to the influence
of his prayer ', or 'divinely given
power.' "
•..The; Rev.-Mr. Fisk showed pictures
taken of Dowie and ... the ; tabernacle, i
The latter picture shows 5000 persons
attending service at .6 o'clock in the
morning. On January 9 '. Mr. Fisk will
read ia paper before, 1 the association
dealing with Zion City.
Section Hand Killed by Train.
REDDING, Dec. 26. — H. Weeks, a
section . hand, was found 'unconscious
beside the' tracks near Delta depot
Christmas morning,, with r one ; leg and
One arm broken. He died While being
taken to ; Sacramentol It , Is believed
he 'was ; struck by._ a train.
SORROW COMES
AFTER REVELRY
After the feasting and rejoicing the
Christmastide brought t death and
mourning into the home of Frank Mc-
Donough at 951 Harrison street yester
day morning. When the tapers on the
Christmas tree in the parlor ware re
lighted and preparations- begun for the
morning meal, the master of the house
was found cold In death. Then the
lights were extinguished, the wreaths
of holly berry taken out of the front
windows and crape was substituted as
mute' witness, that a skeleton Nemesis
hides behind the garlands of every
feast.
McDonough and his wife gave a par
ty on Sunday night to fourteen friends.
A young redwood tree was in the front
room 1 lighted with tapers of various
colors and scintillating with gilded bon
bons.: Around the tree were strewn
on the carpet gifts brought by the in
vited guests. The dining-room and
parlor were festooned with evergreens
and heavy with the fragrance of flow
ers. The long table, decorated with
smilax, holly, calla lilies and roses, was
laden with the' good things of the
feast. Wine cheered the guests, and
the night resounded with revelry.
Frank McDonough succumbed early
to the tempting conditions, and his.
wife placed him on a couch In the.
kitchen and made him comfortable for
the night. Shortly after/ midnight the
party retired. Mrs. McDonough sleep
ing in her own room with a lady friend
from Oakland. At five minutes past 7
o'clock yesterday morning Mrs. Mc-
Donough went into the kitchen .to
arouse her husband. She found th<*
room full of illuminating gas, and her
husband cold in death. The dead man's
elder brother, who slept upstairs, was
hurriedly aroused. The odor of the
gas was strong in his room also. Ho
was almost overcome by. ithe* poison,
and he was dressed in quick haste and
was rushed . outside into the cold air
and caused to walk about for half an
hour. A roomer named J. " Ty rell, ' who
lodged~"on the same floor as 'the elder
brother, was also found* almost uncon
scious from the gas that had come up
through the floor .' from the kitchen."
The same treatment \yas given him as
| had been given the other man and he
soon recovered. The elder McDonough
was ' so weak when he returned from
his - walk that he fainted.
The gas fixture In the kitchen has
two keys, one of which admits *as to
a small heating stove, the other to the
burner for light. Two burned matches
lying on the floor and* a half eaten pie
on the table showed how ths accident
had occurred. McDonough had arisen
during the night, turned the gas^key
of the stove and placed the match to
the light burner. Being unable to pro
duce a flame he struck another match,
turned the other key and lighted the
burner, forgetting to turn off the sup
ply to the stove. After eating the pie
he turned out the light and went
to sleep, the deadly fluid meanwhile
pouring out from the stove.
McDonough had been employed as
clerk in J. J. McCann/s grocery and bar
at "919 Harrison street. He was a na
tive of Ireland, 43 years old.
ATHENS, D«c. 28. — Theodor* Dclyar.thU.
former Premier, has been Intrusted with thi
task of organizing a new Cabinet. The Cham
ber of Deputies will bo dissolved.
ADVERT1SEMEXTS.
S Oriental Goods I
1 At Wholesale Prices |
I We Offer Our Entire Extra Fine |
1 Collection of §
I ORIENTAL RUGS |
S AN 1^™ NS I
I 25% DISCOUNT I
§ \ Frcm Regular Retail Prices S
g We are Sole Agents for John 3
§ Crossley &. Son's Celebrated W
J3 English Carpets. S
IChas.M.Plum&'Co.i
| Cor. Ninth and Market Sis. |
Ipadtcd'cI CURE SI«X HEADACHE.
UAHItno . . ■
Genuine Must Bear
jglVER Fac-Simile Signature
IPILLS. -z^~l_^S