»>
Forecast mart* at Eaa Francisco ftn
thirty boar* erxlinjt mtrtnigtrt Decem
ber 1C:
Sas Krajociaoo and vicinity— Fib
TWfiay; Bcht aoraj winds.
a- g. xmnrn.
Dtatrtot JXncuarter.
VOLUME XCVTI— NO. ' 16.
COLONEL GREENE
GOES TO BOSTON
TO SEE LAWSON
Hub City Expects an Exciting
Meeting To-Day, but West
erner Talks Mildly.
CONTINUALLY TAUNTED BY TELEGRAPH
BOSTON. Dec 16.— Colonel William
C Greene, president of the Greene Con
solidated Copper Company, who has
been hurlinc defiance at Thomas" W.
La»-son for three days, declaring that
be would visit him and call him such
pet names as "liar, faker, charlatan and
robber of widows and orphans," ar
rived In Boston at 9 o'clock to-night
and is now at the Touraine. It is prob
able that he will see Lawson some time
to-rnorrow. T •
Colonel Greene came into town quiet
ly, without any revolvers or bowle
knives In his boots, and went to the
Somerset, where he had a conference
with Charles Hayden of Hayden, Stone
& Co., brokers of the Greene company
in Boston. From the Somerset Club he
went to the Touraine, and after loiter
ing about the hotel lobby lot a half
hour went to bed, giving: orders that he
should on no account be disturbed.
There will be lively times In the fin
ancial district when it Is known that
the doughty colonel has arrived at last.
Lawson to-night issued another cir
cular embracing one of his character
istic denunciations of Rockefeller and
others of the Standard OH party.
NEW YORK, Dec. 15.— Advices from
Boston say Colonel W. C. Greene, pres
ident of the Greene Consolidated Cop
per Company, has reached there and
promptly sent word to Lawson that he
wished to see him to-morrow, but in
an interview Greene's words were any
thing but warlike.
"Personally I have no fault to find
with Mr. Lawson," said he. "While I
am willing to admit that personally
Lawson is a gentleman and a good fel-
WHITE SLAVES IN THE MINES
OF WEST VIRGINIA.
Escaped Workman Claams Armed
Guards Drive the Men. . :
Special Dispatch to The C^TT.
CINCINNATI, Dec. 15. — Describing
his thrilling escape over the moun
tains from a coal mine in West Vir
ginia, Charles Honich of New York,
who arrived here to-day, is about to
demand an investigation by the Fed
eral authorities of the hardships that
he was forced to undergo. Honich de
clares that guards, armed with shot
guns, watch over half starved men,
who are fired upon if they make a
break for liberty.
"I was sent to Cardis, TV. Va., from
New York by an employment agency,"
said he. "The next morning at 5
MRS. HARRISON TRIUMPHS
OVER HER STEPCHILDREN
Former President's Widow Wins at Law
Special Dispatch to The CalL
INDIANAPOLIS. Dec 15.— By direc
tion of Judge Allen of the Circuit Court
to-day, Mrs. Mary Lord Harrison,
widow of former President Harrison,
won a substantial victory over Russell
B. Harrison and his sister. Mrs. Mary
McKee.
In the will of General Harrison pro
vision was made for the establishment
of a trust fund for the widow of $125,000
and the Union Trust Company, execu
tor of the estate, was appointed trustee
of the fund, being instructed by the
will to provide for the fund out of the
etocks and securities owned by testa
tor at the time of his death. The trust
company turned the best securities into
the fund at the price that they had cost
the testator, though some of them had
BELIEVES EN IXXOCEXCE
OF THE MURDER) SUSPECTS
Millionaire F. J. Mackay Will Assist
in Defense of Men Accused of Kill
ins Express Messenger.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 15. — A special
from San Bernardino says that Arthur
Swindell and Sidney Jarvis, who were
taken into custody at Burlingame, near
San Francisco, charged with the mur
der of Wells-Fargo Messenger Roberts,
were arraigned there this morning on
a murder charge and their preliminary
examination set for next Monday. , F.
J. Mackay. the multi-millionaire, In
whose employ the two suspects were
at the time of their arrest, has ar
rived in San Bernardino and will assist
in the defense of the men. He de
clares his belief in their innocence and
says that the men since they have
Txen in his employ have always shown
themselves honest and worthy; He
says that he has Entrusted them with
lcrge sums of mdney on different oc
casions, but neither has ever -shown
any disposition to violate his trust.
SIXTY nOTTEXTOTS FALL
IN FIGHT WITH GERMANS
BERLIN, Dec 15. — Lieutenant Gen
eral von Trotha, commander in chief
of the German forces in German South
west Africa, telegraphing from Wind
hoek.-says sixty dead Hottentots were
found on the .field after the natives'
fight with Colonel ■ Dimling*s force " on
December 5. The latter captured 3000
head of cattle. HBBflM ■'•.-. '■ "'■-'
Thirty-six settlers have been mur
dered In 'the southern part of the col
pny since the rising.
The San Francisco Call.
low, in business he la a faker, a liar and
a charlatan. I believe that he is in a
deal with a New York clique to ruin
thousands of- stockholders for his own
benefit. But this talk of a fight be
tween us is nonsense."
Lawson's expected attack on his se
lected list of properties did not mate
rialize in Wall street to-day, and Law
son himself informed his friends, and
his enemies as well, that they had been
deceived in Reports circulated on
Wednesday by some Wall street bears.
He gleefully stated, however, that he
would have more to say later.
Apparently the only other communi
cations sent out by the Boston operator
were various little taunts directed to
Colonel Greene, urging: him to make
his promised visit.
Meanwhile James W. Goodman, who
threatened Greene with a pistol, lan
guishes in jail.
The suit of James W. Goodman, a
Westerner, against Colonel William C.
Greene and Willis P. Harlow for an ac
counting in the transfer by Goodman
to them of rights to 100,000 shares of
the Yaqui Copper Company, said to be
worth $1,000,000, was stricken from the
calendar of the Supreme Court to-day.
The court held that no partnership had
been shown between Colonel Greene
and Harlow and that Harlow had not
been served with papers. Goodman
contended that Colonel Greene had re
tained Goodman's .interest in the cop
per company.
Goodman was arrested last night on
complaint that he contemplated harm
to Colonel Greene. He had once before
been arrested on complaint of threat
ening Colonel Greene's life.
o'clock I was awakened. by four burly
fellows with shotguns and marched
from the > company's' shack to the
mine. After breakfast of a tincup of
coffee and stale meat I was made to
wash the dishes I had eaten from and
told that I must work twelve hours a
day in the mine. I was given a box
containing a small piece of cheese and
one slice of bread for my dinner.; At
6 o'clock in the evening I was march
ed back to a room with six beds in It
and two and three .men to a bed.
When I asked for soap and a towel I
Vas told that I would be allowed to
wash once each Sunday." "
advanced in value and were worth more
than they had cost him.
Russell B. Harrison and his sister,
being interested in the residuary es
tate, objected to the placing of the se
curities at their cost in the widow's
fund, and contended that they should
have been listed at their value. They
showed the court that the trust fund.
Instead of being $125,000. was really
$140,000, and asked that the court order
the $15,000 Increase to be placed in the
residuary estate.
Judge Allen held to-day that the
trust company had acted in accordance
with the provisions of the will, and that
the securities should go into the" fund
at their cost to Mr. Harrison, regard
less of what they may be worth on
the market now.
NEW YORK STATE PLANS
PIG DISPLAY AT PORTLAND
Commission Will Ask the Legislature
for an Appropriation of $60,000
for Centennial Exhibit. •
PORTLAND. Dec. 15. — A telegram
has been received by the Lewis and
Clark Corporation from F. R. Green,
chairman of the New York State Com
mission for the Lewis and. Clark Cen
tennial, stating that the members "of
the commission 'have concluded that
at least $60,000 will be needed by 'New
York for the Portland Fair, and that
this amount will be secured N at the
coming session of the Legislature.
While no statement^ or. the', use to
which, the extra appropriation will be
put was made in' the telegram, 1 it Isbe
litved New York intends' to construct
a larger State* building ■■* than the
$15,000 structure previously decided
upon. ". . f i' •
Liberals Control Nova' Scotia.
HALIFAX, /Nova* Scotia, 'Dec.. 15.~
The bye. elections in ! Nova' Scotia 1 'to-'
day ."for Tthe Provipcial 'Legislature* re
sulted-ln'another sweeping victory for,
the Liberals. " In! the seven ' ; counties
where elections were held all Liberals
were returned. ;. iZk^J -'. '• '
Peruvian Loan Sanctioned.
LIMA; : Peru/. Dec. i 'l6.-^ : The Senate
at a secret r session yesterday, sanction
ed" the Government's project . for, I a
loan, which,, it ia isaid. Cwlll;.b« , nego
tiated in the United States/for the pur
chase of war vessels and ] armament.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY. DECEMBER 16, 1904.
IRELAND'S
APPEAL IS
FRUITFUL
Great Britain to Re
lieve Existing
T\ict pnoc
lJlotlCoOi
Will Grant Funds in Aid
of Tenants Now Paying"
lor Their Land.
Action Taken to Forestall the Dublin
Meeting of Erin's Leading
Statesmen.
LONDON, Dec 15.— Sir A. P. Mc-
Donnell, Under Secretary for Ireland,
in a letter to the boards of guardians
in the west of Ireland, promises that
should the relief of the existing .dis
tress there prove an excessive burden
on the rate payers the Government will
make a grant of public funds for the
purchase. /
DUBLIN, Dec. 15.— The meeting of
the Irish Parliamentary party to dis
cuss the distress in the west of Ireland
and consider means to "force the Gov
ernment to provide for the immediate
necessities and put the land act in
operation in Connaught and other poor
districts," was held h^re to-day under
the presidency of John Redmond. A
resolution was passed condemning the
Government for the existing distress In
Ireland, demanding that Immediate
steps i be taken to relieve it, and also
demanding that powers be given for
the distribution of land. in the poordls
tricts. The local Government board,
however, to some degree, forestalled
the meeting by taking steps which, It
is considered, will be effective In reliev
ing the • tenants who are affected, "by
the ' failure of the ' potato crop. ;• '/£ .-
One of the resolutions adopted to-day
was as follows:-.-' -.\T~ :'" r ', v "C r-*— ■ . -i
"We feet" .bound .to condemn in,ths
strongest' terms 'the conduct of Irish
landlords In i aggravating ; the distress
by ■ pressing for full rents and arrears
in this disastrous ..year and issuing
ejectment processes by wholesale. We
believe that these proceedings are a
direct conspiracy for the purpose of
coercing the people to agree to the pur
chase of their holdings at ruinous
prices." ;-%*/;'
YOUNG'S WIDOW
TWICE RECALLED
Tells tlie Jury That Her
Late Husband Never
Carried a Revolver
NEW YORK, Dec. 15.— At the conclu
sion of the examination of Mrs. Young,
widow . of Caesar Young, who was
called to the witness stand, twice to
day, Assistant District 1 Attorney Rand
practically rested the case of the pros
ecution against -'Nan" Patterson, .who
is on trial for the alleged murder of
Young. Rand announced that he would
call only two more witnesses, whose
testimony would be comparatively un
important.
When the trial was resumed this
morning Mrs. Young took the stand
and verified for the records her testi
mony of yesterday regarding the inter
cepted letter written to Young by Miss
Patterson's sister, Julia Smith. Again
in the afternoon she was recalled and
told of the arrangement for her pro
posed trip to Europe with Young. She
said that after her husband had. re
tired' early in the morning of June 4
she searched his pockets and was cer
tain that , he had no revolver. She as
serted that he never carried a revolver.
John Mellin, Young's racing partner,
told of efforts Young had made to
break . off his relations with Miss Pat
terson while in Los Angeles in March
last. He said that he purchased a
ticket, for her and gave her $800 of
Young's money ' when it was decided
that she should leave him. : !v T . .4
FEARING DISGRACE, FRENCH
DEPUTY . TAKES HIS LIFE
Investigation Into < the Death of M.
Syveton Reveals a Startling
i Domestic ' Drama.
'..*■ ' PARIS,- Dec • 15.— The • circumstances
attending the death of Deputy Syveton,
who was found dead from asphyxiation
inlhis apartments at Neuilly oniDecem
b'er 8, are developing, into a. domestic
drama of startling • magnitude, i". £ .
the authorities refuse to
speak, - pending their. ■ investigation,
many sensational features have "already
come to light. It is established that
the wife of M. - Syveton ' was, about to
apply for a. divorce on the ground of
infidelity,, naming Mme. • " Menard. a
daughter of Mme. Syveton. by a former
husband." : A v family council took place
shortly, before ; M. ' Syveton's ;> death." at
which violent scenes were' enacted. , M.
Menard declaring that it. was the duty
of - the ; Deputy . to 1 put a bullet through
his head,' and- Mme." Syveton announced
her purpose to secure a divorce. .This
was on. the eve of ,M.'. Syveton's trial for
assaulting .War ; Minister,; Andre : in* the
Chamber, of .Deputies, November '4: The
Deputy v thereupon . committed .-suicide
for the purpose i of averting . the dis
closure.' , v . . -■•:.,- ...;. ; t ■
. In c the ' course of {the : investigation ; it
developed that M.* Syveton had J>een re
ceiving : a salary Qf . 55000 * as; secretary,
for- Count <Boni»de;.Castellane.v - V- ;
OFFICIAL AX IS HANGING
OVER HIGGINS' HEAD
Hutton Prepares to Break Patrolman From North End Station
Bribery and corruption of officers in the. red light district will-be made public in investigation of the con
duct of Policeman Samuel Higgins before the Police Commission. Hutton and Dean will offer evidence to prove
that Higgins received bribes from the fallen women of Bacon; place. Unless those -who actually handed over the
coin can be induced to testify, the accused bluecoat may escape-prosecution, but his dismissal is almost certain.
M I ' have nothing f to say regarding
this matter at this . time, though 1
may have some information for the
public soon. As to whether I shall
demand an Investigation of police
methods in the district -. occupied by
fallen women, I cannot say, nor can I
say whether or not; I will present the
facts, so far as' I have gathered them,
to the. Grand' Jury j_f or Its action. As
to ray views of the case I have nothing
to say at tills time."— -Police Commis
sioner H. W. Hutton.
"I know, nothing:; officially of Police
Commissioner I Iu turn's attempt to
prove that police officers are bribed In
the tenderloin. I; chance the details
constantly to prevent corruption, but
I cannot help it if bad men get into
the department. - .My record shows
that every ■ man caught crafting: re
ceives the niost severe punishment."—
Chief of Police ,Wittman's statement.
"I am not at liberty to say Just what
took place in ] Bacon place Tuesday
night. If the investigation said to be
projected takes place I • will be able
to show that -I have acted only as an
honorable man should. As far as the
charges against Illsrclns are concerned,
I have nothing to 'say. I am not a spy,
as is claimed."—- Patrolman John Dean.
Patrolman Samuel Higgins will
probably be dismissed from the force
as a result of 'Police Commissioner
Hutton's visit to Bacon place on .last
Tuesday nights The. accused police
man is likely to escape criminal prose
cution because the dissolute Inmates
of the alley, cannof ► be depended .upon
to . teU.ln court 1 what they .will; say j in
private, and; the^lncfimlnaiing l"evi
depce i is> not ; sufli&enitrtp ; yrknknVu^m
conviction.';. :'*,'. ,;" :";,"y <}.? ' .-.■'/; >:;« *—'"*',
; It v is expected, however, that: the
projected investigation before the Po
lice Commisfsion will bring to light. the
fact that the city's uniformed ser
vants who guard the peace of the den
izens of the half- world are regularly
in receipt, of bribes. No one seems to
have a scintilla of evidence •' that any
of this red light corruption fund ever
passed from the patrolmen's pockets
to thoso of men. higher in the depart
ment.
The Chief and. his captains are tak
ing every precaution to prevent brib
ery, and it will go hard with any man
caught doing underhand work. ., Alex
ander, Snowball, Hammill and Reade
have all had opportunities to discover
what.it meant to be apprehended
soliciting or: accepting bribes. It seems,
however, not in any way contrary to
the ethics of. the rank and file to graft
in misdemeanor cases, particularly
where gambling, prostitution and vio
lations of saloon' ordinances are in
volved.
SOME HEAVY TAXES.
Bacon place Is said to contribute $300
a week. Belden place escapes with a
tax of $500 a month. The saloons on
the Barbary Coast are alleged to pay
from $10 to $25 weekly that the pro
prietors may not be compelled to stop
music after 1 o'clock and that side
doors and curtains may not be dis
turbed. Ordinarily there is no effort
made to conceal the briberies, but when
an. investigation is on the tapis the in
terested parties remain quiet out of
self-defense. The whole department
appears to be Incensed at the acts of
Hutton, "Special- Chief of Police for
1129 Dupont street." The police say
he is trying to make capital for him
self out of his private detective work.
He declines to talk about his visit to
Bacon place and he has retained what
ever corruption funds he gathered so
far as is known. None of the other
members ; of the Police Commission
have been taken into Hutton's confi
dence, so the whole world waits .on
his nod. •
Policeman ; John, Dean of the Park
station is the principal witness against
Higgins. The two men went on duty
in Bacon place Tuesday afternoon at
3 o'clock. The fallen women were not
compelled to pay tribute until nightfall.
Marked coin was - placed in the hands
of those who were to aid Hutton in
springing his trap. Dean is alleged to
have , been in complete knowledge of
the prospective visit of the Police Com
missioner. Knowing by • prearrange
ment what was about to occur he re
ceived the toll and is said to. have seen
Higgins get: his share in turn. s , .
When | Hutton appeared both men
were directed to, show what money they
had in their pockets. As Dean was in
on the gajne his funds were brought to
light : Immediately, but Higgins was in
another boat. He. resolutely declared
that whatever money he possessed was
his own, and declined to surrender the
whole or any part of it to his superior
officer. ... ■ - "•■.*";'«:>•■
DENIES : CHARGES.
Higgins says for* publication that he
is guiltless of .wrong, that he never saw
Hutton Tuesday night, that Dean never
saw ' him do anything unbecoming, to a
policeman of this good and great mu
nicipality and that the whole story is a
lie. Higgins says also that he supposes
the board can;, break him * if - the Com
missioners. want to, but that they can
never prove he took a dollar from the
fallen- women, of Bacon place. .He re
fused \ to allow his photograph to": be
taken yesterday, -and fled on a passing
car when asked his name. . •■ ;
< Dean is reticent as a result of em
phatic admonitions ; from • Hutton. ' His
remarks; on;. the subject of the Police
Commissioner! s . trip .to .the ? Pine- street
•alley, are principally: refusals to answer
questions. v He . will , not ; deny,', however,
that he caught Higgins red-handed, i
■ ' When ; informed K last night that he
Con tinned on > Fasre 2, ; Column 4.
EXTENSION
OF SUBWAY
SYSTEMS
More Underground
Railroads tor-
New York.
Epeclal Dispatch to The Can.
. NEW YORK, Dec. 15.— Several im
portant events occurred to-dayy look
ing toward the immediate development
of • the underground transportation sys
tem of New York and ; its vicinity. The
most Important'; of ' all ..was 'the j favor
able action of the Rapid : Transit Com
mission on ttfe. proposed, routes through
Sixth ; avenue *and\crosstown/. through
Ninth street, • connecting with the Hud
son River tunnels, y-
Announcement was made of plans of
capitalists " back ~6f 'the' New York ; and
Port Chester Railroad Company to con
struct connecting "subways through
Third avenue to the Battery, with a
spur, to » reach" Pennsylvania, traffic
somewhere, between Thirty-sixth and
Forty-second . streets.
A large^ delegation from Brooklyn ap
peared before the Rapid Transit , Com
mission and, urged the extension of the
Brooklyn subway . from Pro~spect Park.
.Wrecking . Contract Awarded.
'.; ST.' LOUIS, Dec. 15.— The contract
forlthefsale of the property owned by
the .World's' Fair ■ Company to / a . Chi
cago-Wrecking Company for $450,000
was signed to-day. Wrecking of the
buildings -will begin Immediately.
Carriers' Bids Are ; High.
:i« Washington;- Dec. •15.— Bids of
American ! shippers": for transportation
of .<50,000*tbns of coal from, the/Atlantic
'ccast ; to .Manila J Bay,-. 'opened
.were - nearly % 2 «■ peri, ton » higher «. than
those of foreign ■ • shippers. ; ; No . award
was made. .:.."' . ; , :.. ■ ■". ...... ;; •
* — ■
* IBS THEiTEHS. '
ALCAZAR— "Csprlt*/' . .
CALIFORNIA— !*S1» Kepfcfc*."
. COLUMBIA— "A CMaca* Hooeynjooa."
CEXTRAL— "Last ta fitterta.",
CHUTES — VandavfilA.
FISCHER'S— Vaudeville.
GRAND — "In Dahomey." ' *
MAJESTIC— "Mr. Potter ot TexaJt"
ORPHEU34— Vaudeville.
TIVOLI— •TClnr Dodo."
-V— — — — — — : :
DISTRICT WHERE POLICE ARE
CHARGED WITH LEVYING
TRIBUTE, ' AND THEIR ACCUS
ERS. . • •;> - . .
GRAVEL PIT
BOTTOM IS
SOLID ICE
Strange Discovery Is
MadeJNearTown
61 Sissoii.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDDING, Dec. 15.— While shoveling
gravel from a pit at Black Butte Moun
tain, five miles above Sisson, Southern
Pacific. workmen have discovered a vast
underground sea of Ice that is believed
to have been formed ' in prehistoric
times. Some are of the opinion that the
Black • Butte * Mountain \ that . now 'rears
its peak skyward came ■ into existence
after the .formation of the ice. .
The. Black Butte Mountain Ms a great
source of supply of ballast for the rail
road company. The ice was discovered
after a . vast quantity > of .gravel - had
been from the mountain. The
ice" Is said to be of a good grade, and It
is' possible the company may utilize its
find by developing it into an ice gharry.
Thelce' appears 'to be' almost one' solid
mass. - - ..--.-
Canteen Bill ' Introduced.
j '.WASHINGTON,. , Dea a15.^— A bill
,was { introduced to-day .by ■ Representa
tive Merrill 1 of ; Pennsylvania providing
'for . the : v re-establlshment of the can
teen at army. posts. .,
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
KRUGER'S
LAST WORD
TO BOERS
Farewell Message to
Be Read at His
Grave.
Special Dlraetch to Tbe Can.
LONDON, Dec >15. — At the grare oi
President Kruger In Pretoria, to-mor
row General Botha, In the course of
a public address, will spring a dra
matic surprise by reading & letter from
his old chief, embodying the latter" 3
political testament and final message
to the Afrikanders. It Is addressed to
Generals Botha,, Delarey and Dewet In
reply to a greeting sent to President
Kruger by the great Boer Congress
held in Pretoria last May. In part it
Is as follows:
la th« mldrt at all the ttdaesa and aaffsrlsc
which U my portion yoor eablesrun fill* m-»
with gratitude. With tor whole heart I thank
thoM who. -gathered together to deliberate on
th* present and the future thought of their
old State president and tana hare ahowa that
they have not forgotten the pact: for he who
wlshea to create the future must -not loae sight
of the past. Therefore, seek In the past all
that was good and beautiful therein; shape
your Ideal accordingly and try for the future
to realize that - Ideal.
It Is true that much of what was built up
la now . annihilated, destroyed . and fallen, but
with unity of mind and strength It Is possible
to reconstruct that which has been over
thrown. , It nils me with Joy to see that unity
and that union.
What I myself shall live to see thereof re
mains In God'a hand. I was born under the
British flag, but It Is not my wish to die
under It • I have to learn to abide the bitter
thought "that I must close my eyes In a
strange land of exile, almost entirely alone,
far from my relatives and , friends. - . ,.
That bitterness, however, will be sweetened
as long as I may cherish the • conviction that
the • work once begun will ' be continued, for
then hope and expectation will support me
that the end of that work .will be good. So
be It. From the depth of my heart 1 greet
you and all the people. P. KRUGER.
CUSTOMS OFFICERS MAKE
RAID OX A WARSHIP
Rich Store of Smuggled Goods Found
on the Cruiser San
Francisco.
NEWPORT NEWS. Va,, Dec. 15.- —
Customs officers at Old Point to-day
seized on board the United ' States
cruiser San Francisco, Just before the
cruiser sailed for Norfolk, a rich store
of smuggled goods, including silks,
cigars, chlnaware and ostrich feath
ers. The value of the goods seized
cannot be ascertained, the officials de
clining to discuss the matte?2
BOILING WATER
DELUGES THEM
Three Men Lose Lives
and Four Are Terribly
Scalded on a Battleship
GASKET IS BLOWN OUT
Xaval Lieutenant Heroically
Rescues the Survivors
From the Death Trap
PHILADELPHIA, . Dec 15.— Caught
in a trap and helpless to save them
selves, three men lost their lives and
lour others, including Lieutenant Wil
liam -C. Cole, were terrible scalded to
day by a rush of steam and boding
water in the fire room of the battle-
Ehip Massachusetts, lying ■ at the
League Island navy yard. The dead:
•EDWARD BUB, married; boilermak
er and civilian.
ANDREW HAMILTON, married;
boilermaker and civilian.
CHARLES RITZEL, boilermaker and
civilian.
The injured: Lieutenant William C.
Cole, U. S. NT., assistant chief engineer
of the Massachusetts, scalded about
the head and back; William Anderson,
chip's boiiermaker, badly scalded:
James Wilson, boilermaker helper and
civilian employe, scalded; Joseph A.
Duran. boilermaker helper and civilian,
tcalded.
With the exception of Lieutenant
Cole all of the killed and injured re
eide in Philadelphia. Lieutenant Cole
received his injuries in a heroic effort
to rescue the others.
The accident was caused by the giv
ing way of a gasket or rubber washer
on a boiler on the starboard side of
the ship. The Massachusetts has
b^en at the navy yard for some time
undergoing extensive repairs, particu
larly to the boilers and machinery. The
boiler on which the accident occurred
ha 3 recently been cleaned and
thoroughly tested, and the Boilermakers
•were to-day at. work on another boil
er. Without warning, the gasket be
tween the boiler plate and the boiler
head gave way and a terrific rush of
pteara and hot water occurred. The
doors of the fire room were closed at
the time and the only avenue of escape
•was a safety ladder. Only one man,
Bramlet, a ship's fireman, thought of
the ladder and he escaped without a
•car.
Few on the upper decks knew what
had occurred until the steam came
rushing up from the seething pit be
low. The work of rescue was prompt
p.rd to this promptness those who
escaped death owe their thanks. The
first to enter the firehole was Lieu
tenant Cole. Without hesitating,
though Fcalded by Ihe hot water, he
dragged the men from the place to the
d. or, where they were taken in charge
by others. Bub and Hamilton were
dr-ad when found and Ritzel died a few
minutes after being taken on deck.
PROHIBITIOXISTS DEMAND
RESIGNATION* OF STEWART
Chairman Is Deemed a Necessary
Sacrifice to Party Harmony by
Executive Committee. .' .• ■
CHICAGO, Dec. 15. — After an all
day session of the Prohibition Nation
al Executive Comimttee, where heat
ed debate varied from personal invec
tive and vilification of motive to a de
mand for prayer for guidance. Nation
al Chairman Oliver W. Stewart of
Chicago was at midnight • deemed a
necessary sacrifice to party harmony
and his resignation was practically
demanded by a vote of 24 to 20 of the
members of the national committee.
Immediately following the passage
of the Stewart resolution came a ceri
eure resolution of William E. John
eor., managing editor of the New
Voice, the official organ of the party,
condemning him for "reprehensible
condurt" in aiding the defeat of Stew
art for the Legislature. Then the fac
tion opposed to Stewart sprung an
other resolution calling for the im
mediate resignation of National' Sec
retary Tate. This resolution was ta-
Med under adjournment and will be
made the basis of a fight at to-mor
row's meeting.
Public Building for Hawaii.
WASHINGTON". Dec. 15. — Senator
Perkins introduced a bill to-day to
make an appropriation of $1,400,000
to acquire a site and construct a Fed
eral building at Honolulu, Hawaii.
Representative Cushman of Washing
ton introduced the same bill in the
House.
PKOFESSon DUltXxiJ TO LECTURE —
rrofc*scr DanaflJ d»van of the engrlneVrlnr col
1"C? cf Stanford- Uuli rrslty. will l^etur* before
the Bto£e«t» i if thfr drawing department of the
Humbo'.dt V.vtr.iv.K B»*hool to-nldit on -'Recent
Procrr:* In Maria* Ensinecrins."
" A D V 1SKTISE.M EXTS.
Chas. Keiliis & Co.
E x c 1; u ; s i y e
High-Grade Clothiers
■ No Branch Stores and No A-renta.'-
THERE IS CHARACTER
T 0 OUR FA BRIGS
A N-D GO 0 D S T Y L E
T 0 0 U R M 0 DELS.
SMARTNESS ALL OVER.
CORRECT DRESSERS
KNOW HOW WE PIT.
'. MacnHar. Parker Co.'*-
All-LlatnVeiti.
Closlr c Tbim Out
at MtL.lt Price.
K e a r n y S,tr e e t
T hurlow Bloc k
BATTLESHIP SEVASTOPOL
DISABLED AND JAPANESE
TORPEDO-BOAT MISSING
FIERCE NA VAL FIGHT
Small War Vessel
and Crew Dis
appear.
TOKIO, Dec. 15.— The turretshlp
Sevastopol is still afloat, but is ap
parently damaged.
The partially successful torpedo at
tsck on the Sevastopol was made in
the: face of almost insurmountable ob
stacles and writes another inspiring
story of the splendid bravery of a
number of officers. The entire crews
of the torpedo-boat destroyers and tor
pedo-boats volunteered for the task,
courting death In their efforts to de
stroy the only floating Russian battle
ship at Port Arthur. :: •
Facing a. driving snowstorm and
heavy seas, the flotillas separated and
under individual commanders the ves
sels , attacked independently. The
decks of the destroyers and torpedo
boats were ■ coated with ice and the
men suffered acutely from the cold.
The Russians resorted to the most
extreme precautions to protect the
Sevastopol. They dropped nets, which
shielded the bows of the warship, and
the Sevastopol was further protected
by an especially constructed wooden
boom, the framework of which was
composed of iron-bound logs and
cables arid heavy chains, interlaced
and entangled. \ From the surface of
this boom hung a deep curtain made
of torpedo nets, taken from the sunken
battleships, the purpose of which was
to catch and destroy the' torpedoes and
their mechanism.
The Japanese probably refrained
from attempting to cut or jump the
boom, but the torpedo-boats and de
stroyers evidently forced the openings,
which the Russians had left to allow
communication with th% harbor.
The commander of the Japanese
third squadron, reporting at 10:35
o'clock yesterday morning, said: ■
CGimtiMK-ing at 11:30 o'clock on Tuesday
night and continuing until 8 o'clock on Wed
nesday morning, six torpedo- boats and espe
cially fitt«d torpedo craft constantly "made at
tacks against ■ the Russian battleship Sevasto
pol. tn« coast-defense vessel Otvashnl and the
military transports. ' • ■
Details of the attacks are not yet known.
However, according to reports received from
the tratch tower at 9 o'clock this morning the
Sevastopol had commenced lowering astern, and
the water «as Mid to haVe reached the torpedo
tubes astern.
The same commander, telegraphing
last night, said: • . ,
At 3:30 o'clock on the morning of December
14 < Wednesday). Commander Otaki, leading a
flotilla of torpedo-boat*, and Lieutenant Miya
moto, leading another flotilla, began attack*
against the Sevastopol and the transports.
Otaki's flotilla failed to accomplish Its pur
pose, owing to the severe snowstorm.
Miyamoto's flotilla succeeded in reaching the
Intended spot by taking advantage of the fact
that the enemy's searchlights were exposing
Otaki'« flotilla, and were not directed against
Miyamoto's. In the thick o? the snow, while
Miyamoto's flotilla was aearchlng for the en
emy's ships, one torpedo-boat became lost tfom
its comrade fht;».
At 4 o'clock Lieutenant Xakamuda'e torpedo-,
boat independently-attacked a 'military' trans
port Another torpedo-boat under Miyamoto
discharged and exploded a torpedo against the
Sevastopol. Both returned safely, but failed
to meet the missing torpedo-boat.
Lieutenant Xapata, commanding this boat,
has not returned, and there is anxiety for the
safety of the boat and crew.
T»-"day the watch-tower guardshlp reports
that the stern of the Sevastopol appears to have
lowered three feet. ":V -•/ "i
CHILE BORROWING TROUBLE.
.la pan Will Take Revenge if Warships
Are Sold to Russia.
TOKIO, Dec. 15.-7-The Japanese are
watching with great interest.^ the al
leged plan of the Russian Govern
ment to purchase warships; from the
Governments of Argentina and Chile.
In response to a diplomatic inquiry
the Government of Argentina frankly
disavowed any intention to sell war
ships to Russia, but. the answer re
ceived from Chile Is. said to be eva
sive, ---v •• ■ ■ ' "-•■ ■ • .•• •
There is a growing feeling of resent
ment here against: Chile. Discussing
the question to-day an official said
that, in the event of Chile selling war
ships to. Russia, Japan would unques
tionably take the first opportunity to
settle the score. The Japanese Gov
ernment is being urged to pointedly
inform Chile that Japan will. demand
indemnity when -free to enforce such
demand at the end of the war wijh
Russia. -J-V-
REPORTS CRUISER ASHORE.
Steamship Captain Alleges Disaster to
Japanese Vessel.
CHEFU, Dec. 15. — Captain Hansen
of the German- steamship-- Tsingtau
reports that on -December 14 he saw
a Japanese cruiser apparently ashore
in Yungching Bay, ten. miles south of
the Shantung Promontory, and that
a large merchantman was seemingly
giving assistance to, the. warship.
Telegrams sent to Weihaiwei and
Tsingtau brought forth; no confirma
tion of Captain Hansen*s story. In a
reply received from .Weihaiwei it was
explained that warships sometimes
coal in Tungching Bay from colliers
and this is generally accepted as the
explanation of what Captain Hansen
saw. V
HOl'EL MEN OF STATE
ARE TO WORK TOGETHER
Form an Organization and Elect J. C.
lvlrkpatrick of San Fi*ancisco
/ '■' FreisldcinU
SAXTA BARBARA, Dec. 15. — The
conference of Hotel men which met
here yesterday organized to-day and
elected officers. The organization was
given the' name of the California Re
sort League and comprises the man
agers of twenty of the largest hotels
fn the State. J. C. Kirkpatrick of the
Palace Hotel, San Francisco, . was
elected president. - The objects of the
league as set forth in the- articles of
organization are\*?to Increase .'travel to
California resorts artd . to t further co
operate in work . between : the resorts
hotels In California." , .
Plans were formulated for promo
tion work tending to increase the Cali
fornia travel and i?reatly to 7 improve
the facilities for caring for Eastern
visitors. •
Bfystlc Shriners In Session.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 15.- — Mystic
Shriners of Southern California met in
this city to-day for three days of busi
ness and pleasure sessions.. Nearly
1000 delegates and visitors from all
parts fit the United States are in at
tendance. An initiation of seventy
candidates took -place to-night.
Berlin's Population 2,001,500.
BERLIN, Dec. 15.— Berlin has
passed the 2,000,000 mark in the popu
lation of the city proper. The police
register shows 2,001,500 inhabitants.
The adjoining suburbs have a'popula
tion" of nearly 750,000 persons. .
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY, DECEMBER \1\\ 1904
Wounded Russians
Are Praised for
Heroism.
MUKDEN, Tuesday, Dec. 13.— An in
teresting army order has been issued
calling attention to the .exceptional
heroism, self-sacrifice and devotion of
two comrades, wounded infantrymen,
Harzamatoff and Ischenko, who, with
a dozen other wounded men lay for
forty-four days in abandoned trenches
between the Russian and Japanese
lines, suffering from the bitter cold and
lack of food. Harzamatoff, who was
only slightly wounded,, assisted the
others into the trenches, took coats
from the dead to cover them, bound
their wounds and dug a well. Japanese
came and took away the coats and
filled in the well. Harzamatoff again
got ' the coats, reopened the well and
obtained a little dry bread and rice
from dead Russians and Japanese. The
men also were compelled to eat raw
millet. " "'•■"•,,;, ■ '
Japanese made several visits to. the
trenches, but paid no attention to the
wounded and rendered no assistance.
The Russians feiegned death, fearing
to fall into the hands of the Japanese.
The sufferers frequently attempted to
crawl back to the Russian lines, but
were compelled by weakness and the
pain of their wounds, as • well as the
steady firing, to abandon each attempt.
Finally, when only three men were
left alive, three Japanese came, one of
whom accidentally stepped on the leg
of a soldier, who groaned aloud from
pain. Finding him alive the Japanese
dragged him away from his • comrades,
who were too weak to help him, de
spite his despairing entreaties. One
of the Japanese kicked Ischkenb in the
side, but left him for dead.
Harzamatoff and Ischkeno finally re
solved to rrfake a last desperate effort
the next- night to creep back to the
Russian lines, which were 400 paces
distant. After dragging their bodies
slowly and painfully a portion of the
distance they were observed by a Rus
sian sentinel and met with volleys from
Russian rifles, forcing them to lie still
in the millet until the firing ceased,
when they finally succeeded in reaching
the lines. They were cared for, fed
and Bent to a hospital train.
The army order paints the - sublime
heroism and modesty of these two men
in , glowing colors, especially that of
Harzamatoff, who, being but slightly
wounded, could have Joined the Rus
sian troops sooner, but prererred to re
main with his comrades-
"His regiment," the order says,
"should be proud to have such a man
in its ranks."
GENERAL WHITESIDE DEAD.
Commanded Department of Santiago
During Spanish War.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 15. — Briga
dier General Samuel M. Whiteside, re
tired, .Who had" command of the De
partment - of'.' Santiago during the
Spanish^ war, /died-' suddenly in this
city 1 / to-day. The, caus.8 of death was
acute indigestion. .;" / f
General Whiteside was born in Can
ada and enlisted in trie United States
army in 1858. He * was appointed
brigadier general in 1901 and retired
June 9, 1902. ' .. :-■■; . ■
T0>AD^ERTISER8.
' Owing ; to> the large
amount of ; work incident to
the | issue of THE . CALL
HO LI DA Y EDITION,
SUNDAY, DEC: i8, NO
D I S P LAY . ADVERTIS-
ING copy will be accepted
for that edition after 6
P. M. Saturday, and NO
CLASSIFIED Ads after 9
P. M.
GET YOUR COPY IN
* ' EARLY: ?
CHILDREN SHOW TALENT:
AT AN; ENTERTAINMENT
»The : entertainment given yesterday
afternoon by the. children of the Sa
cred /Heart Presentation .Convent
School was so. ably i handled* that the
youngsters won' credit for themselves
land for the Sisters who prepared them
'for the performance. ,. The programme,
contained a variety of numbers/ The
i opening chorus., by the primary, class
jwas- sweetly rendered. A comedy
sketch, entitled- "A Surprised Grum
ble#" was abounding in fun and was
well applauded by the audience. Sev
eral violin, mandolin and piano solos
were well received, -iv r:
The following was the programme
"The Christmas Tree," chorus, primary
class: zouave drill; quartet, pianos, -Visses
M. Wooflmansee, M. Winslow, IC Crlbbln A
Van Noetrand; physical drill, fourth Krade'
"A Surprised Grumbler" (comedy) — Cast:
Santa Claus. Miss M. Martin; Mrs. Grumble
Mies M. . Flatley; angel. Miss M. Burnham;
children. Misses A. Buckley, M. Kinsey, T>.
Jones, F. Keith, F. Ceremilla; C McKay' M
Cummin?*, R. O'Dea, M. McKay.
■ "Christmas Bells," chorus,- fifth grade;- "Old
Black Joe," violins, mandolins, pianos;. "The
Wild pose," ' chorus, vocal .class; selections,
violins and pianos. - . ■, . ■ N
J'A Cup of Coffee" .V. (farce)— Cast: Mrs.
Ryan, Miss T. McKenna; "Jennie, her tnald.
Ml«f« Tucker: Mrs. O'Brien,' Miss L. Ebner;
a collector. Mias S. Hsnsen; a peddler. Miss
A. McCarthy; the cobbler's wife. Miss Bros
• nan; "an In*pect6r."- Miss T. 'Spillane; "Alice, 'a
friend. Mies Toohig; two. children. Misses H;
Wood and R. McKensa..
Card and Loose Leaf Systems.
$2.00 buys a card index . drawer, 500
record^ cards, 'alphabetical : , j,Index and
guld<i cards. " Shaw- Walker filing sys
tems, loose-leaf ledgers, price books and
complete office outfits, including printing
and bookbinding. Sanborn, ' Vail & Co ;
741 Market street. • •
Savings Bank to Begin Business.
The Sapndmayian-Amerlcan Savings
Bank has just been formed in this city.
It will take the quarters now occupied
by " the American National : Bank in
the Mills building and will begin busi
ness with the opening of 1905.7', The
incorporation was effected December
14. Yesterday the following were
elected officers and directors': Captain
Charles Nelson, president; Lewis I.
Cow-gill, vice president; George H. Ty
son, Martin Sanders, W. H. Little and
Henry "Wilson, directors; S. CVDenson,
counsel. ."- The capital . stock " of.'- the
bank is-; $300,000, ■> of which.: $150,000
13 paid in;9BJ(ggg£NQHHR£:i '" ■"'
Headaches From Colds.
I/AXATIVB BROMO; QUININE removes" tho
cause. To ret th« genuine.' call for full name
and look for signature of E. W. Grove. 25c. - *
OFFICIAL AX
HANGS OVER
HIGGINS' HEAD
Continuetl ftom Page 1, Column 4.
could exonerate his fellow officer with
a word, Dean declared that departmen
tal discipline prevented his reDlyinc.
The policemen on .the beats about the
city assert that Hutton had planned to
get evidence of graft in all of the larger
brothels and publish the result of his
private detective Vxork j n one srand ex
pose. Dean is losing caste amone his
brother officers as the report travels
that, he is, Hutton's helpmeet. The
Commissioner has ceased investigating
tales of corruption in the tenderloin
since Tuesday, and the assistant is
smoothing pavements on Oak and Pell I
streets from 3 o'clock to 11 o'clock !
daily.- Dean is said to have had 'the !
ear of the management of the Markets
street Railway system in the old days, i
It is alleged that when Dean heard of)
plans to form unions and saw conduc
tors lax about ringing up fares. Super
intendent Vining received the "informa
tion: in shor£ order.
.DKAX's WORK.
- It is also said that the patrolman oc
cupied a similar confidential position
with. the Southern Pacific Railroad bu
fore joining the police force. Dean
served three years in the Eighteenth j
Infantry in the Philippines. He denies!
in vigorous terms the allegation that he I
ever acted as a spy for any corpora
tion. His. superiors on the force say he
has apparently been a model officer
since his appointment last October.
Chief of Police Wittman disclaimed*
all knowledge of bribery In the tender- s
loin. "Show me the men," he said.!
"and I will get the evidence to convict !
them. My record shows that whenever
I learn of bribery, in ' this department
the guilty have to suffer. I cannot
prevent the appointment of bad men!
to the police force. Among so many-!
there are bound to be some who are '
crooked. -.- . : i
"I am sure Commissioner Hutton is I
in error if he thinks there is any wide-
Spread conspiracy among the police-!
men. I am physically unable to watclt,
600 men all the time, but when I hav^ j
the slightest reason to suspect wroftg-j'
-doing on the part of any of my subor/l
dlnate3 I' make a personal investiga*)
tion, and if they are guilty I generally !
catch them.
"If any one thinks a policeman is do-
Ing wrong, the news is not brought to
this office, but is spread broadcast else
where, thus spoiling any opportunity
we might have to catch a man red
handed. If Mr. Hutton has found any
patrolman or other officer in this de
partment guilty of any infringement of I
laws or rules, I stand ready to assist !
him in gathering evidence." • J
' ' AVITTMAX'S POSITION.
Chief Wittman has done all in his
power to prevent any sueh'eorruption
of officers as Is* charged. At Bacon
place the detail is changed every day.
The beats in the tenderloin- are also
changed' as frequently as is consistent
with good work. Particular attention
is paid to the -habits and finances of }
men who do duty in sections of the city |
where temptations are placed in the
way of. patrolmen. When, a man is sus
pected of taking bribes he is trans- |
ferredvto the "fog belt" if convicting ■
•evidence, is lacking.
iThe~^Pj&llce Commission will meet
■this rafte'rnotm to discuss the question
■of- corruption in Chinatown, and it is
i expected that Hutton will at that time
make, known the facts in regard to his
descent upon Bacon place. • *
5 In the Police Bulletin issued yesterday
Chief Wittman says that the captains
are. alone 'responsible for the enforce
ment of -the laws in their respective
dlki.lcts. • In case outside assistance is
needed aid will be furnished immedi
ately, -It is said that the Chief's own
time . is '_ fully occupied with general
matters at the department office and
that he cann'otbe personally responsi
ble for- laxity on'the part of members of
-the -force.
TWO IXJUXCTTOX SUITS
AGAINST- POLICE CHIEF
Jackson-Street; Raids Cause Tenants
: . to Apply to Court for Damages.
' ; , Restraining Orders Granted.
| • v: Police activity in j the neighborhood
| Of 620 Jackson street has resulted In
ij two suits for injunction' and 'dam-
Kages directed acrainst Chief Wittman,
j- Captain' Thomas S. 1 Duke and the
£ "John Doef 1 members of the force.
p'Edward; Moran, one of the plaintiffs,
l alleges that he is a lodger occupying
|; a : suite in the .Standard lodging-house
1 oh street. . On November 17.
li he says, .a force of "officers threatened
!! to -break into, his rooms with a sledge
1 hammer. ' He admitted the policemen
at that time, but on December B he
I objected and- they •, broke down his
Fddor. -He alleges that the acts of the
h officers were without .warrant and he
fhas been damaged.in the sum of .$10,
i:000.,;-" ; .' v.:.': •-■ ' :f' - ; ;' • .•'■-
•\.The other suit was, brought by Se-.
bastian Ravani/; owner.; of; the cigar
store; at- 620 Jackso.n; street. He had
a:, like j experience bluecoats and
sledge ...hammersl'and two of his cus
tomers, '_{ who, '-he says, were, not crim
inals,; were arrested on; December 5.
His claim for "damages /is, for 52000.
In both cases Judge Hebbard granted
temporary restraining orders to pre
vent* a ■ repetition, of the, police raids
pending the trial of the suits.
WRIT OF PROHIBITION IN
. Nv ; '- CHINESE GAMBLING OASES
Eighty-Two Celestials Ask Superior
' Cohrt to Stop Police Court Pro
ceedings 'Against Tli^rii.
Attorney. George D. Collins, repre
senting Leong Sing and eighty-one
other Chinese, who were arrested in
the recent raids of gambling-houses
in Chinatown, yesterday applied to the
Superior Court for a writ of prohibi
tion preventing ~ Police Judge Fritz
from proceeding further with the
cases, against them. ; An ■ alternative
writ was granted by Judge Sloss, re
turnable Friday, December -23,- when
an attack will be made upon the con
stitutionality of the ordinance under
which the Mongolians ' were arrested.
The^complaintr against- them,, it is
set was ■ based upon the ordi
nance relating ; to the ' keeping ", .of
premises in. which gambling devices
are displayed' behind' doors barricaded
to the police. It is^charged .that" this
ordinance* was executed solely against
the Chinese ' and :, not otherwise and
that the Chinese are "denied equal pro
tection under the : law, in ,, violation of
the fourteenth amendment. ; .
". RADCMFFE CASE CLOSED.— The taking
of testimony in the case of Henry RadclifTe.
charged* with the murder of Andrew > Riley at
Ninth and Sheridan streets, was concluded be
fore a jury In > Judge Cook's court yesterday,
afternoon. The arguments of counsel will com
mence this : morning. ■; The evidence ' has: been
practically ., the same as at the former trial. "
■ ■■ KEW SCHOOLHOUSE ' ; FINISHED.— The
Hoard of ..Works : yesterday Issued a certificate
cf rsatlsffcctorj^cftinpleyon : 'to F. ; McSheehy; t or
the additions to the Dudley, Stone School build-
Ins : and ; awarded 'a contract ■ for ; a - sewer • In
Ashbury street ■ between Kighteenth ' street find
Clarendon avenue to J." F. O'Brien." 1 *-
GRAND JURY
PLANS WORK
Inquisitorial * Body Gives
Evidence of Intention to
Probe Corruption Reports
ADOPTS A KESOLUTION
Business - Like Announce
ment Is Made and Commit
tees Are Appointed to Act
The first meeting of the new. Grand
Jury brought out the attitude of that
body toward graff and stories of eraft
in municipal . offices. The members
, voiced their sentiments plainly, show
ing their determination to go to the
1 bottom of the scandal of levies on earn*
bling and-extortion from fallen women.
There will be-no ineffectual
tions if the new. body carries out its
declared Intentions.
The Grand Jury met at 2 o'clock
yesterday afternoon and the follow
ing resolution was adopted by the
uranimous vote of the seventeen
'members present: i. .;';,
Whereas. It is common talk among: the
public and openly charged- in the daily"press
that certain officials and certain departments
of our city government are. not properly con
ducted; and »... . . . ., • ' . - «■
Whereas, It is the first duty of 'the Grand
JUiry, without fear, bias or prejudice, to Bift
and investigate such matters; be.lt therefore
Resolved, .ThatUhls, Grand Jury recommends,
advises and instructs Its foreman to arrange
for such experts as may be necessary and that
the various committees of this Grand Jury b%
ordered to make ■ a most ■ thorough; searching
and rigid Investigation into the conduct of
such officials and sucb departments as they
may deem proper. . .
AIM* AT THE POLICJE. -1"
The "certain officials and certain- de
partments" is the blanket form used to
provide for future contingencies. Just
now .the -Police Department is that
which concerns the jurors.
The process server is to begin work
this morning. Foreman Andrews has a
very businesslike manner of going at
things; and if a fair amount of unanim
ity prevails among the jurors in prob
i'ing $5-per-table collections where fan
tan -has flourished in Chinatown and in
exposing the graft in the tenderloin
districts there may be a shaking up in
the affairs of the municipality that
only the drastic powers of a Grand
Jury could bring about.
The first indictment returned by the
new jurv was against Abe Schwartz,
who is accused of embezzling $12,000
from the Phoenix Savings and Loan
Association. He has recently been ap
prehended in the City of Mexico, and
indictment was hastened In order to in
stitute the extradition proceedings at
once. There are several charges against
him. ■■.-...
Mrs. M. V. Collins was appointed of
ficial stenographer, and Foreman An
drews announced the appointment of
the following committee:
COMMITTEES APPOINTED.
■ Police Department— E. J. Bowes, W. O.
Stafford, A. "M. Davis.
Public Works— W. G. Stafford, E. J. Bowes,
R. Finking.
Public welfare — D. H. Lohsen, E. J. Bowes,
Georse A. Hare. ■ . .
Tax Collector, and License Collector — J.
Porcher, W. B. Bundschu. Jt. Finking.
_ Board ' of ' Supervisors—- George Aimer New-.
hall. P. Fabian. D. H. Lohaen. -
** Mayor and- Civil -.Service Commissioner — W.
B. ; Bundschu,' J. T.' Sullivan, W. G. Stafford.
~ < ■; ' ' : /*-v' ADVERTISEMENTS.
K'^A r^ -J^ If you want to take' advantage of one of the,
; " l % /-/Si est s P ec - a - s we have offered- for some time, you
1 /'"S?v ' «'|y^ had better buy to-day or to-morrow. .Both of these
*-^j3S^. :: - • • > ZWnim&''' special prices are so low that the garments, will.
surelv be sold out quickly. .,'?;
'^^MM^^MS^m Special No. 1. Top coats as. pictured. -which'
'Ml^l^^^^m^' have sold regularly for-$7.50/ $6.0Q; and $5.00, ages^
S^^^^^^^^^ 5 t0 13 years only, special price no^y. $3.35.
/^^S^^^S^& A r 'd while you are in the store, remember we
(■■^•■-•'-•^^|KHr ave a most com P lete stock of boys' furnishings and
v' ; ' nats at prices lower than you are accustomed to
' Special No. 2. Long overcoats as ' \ ' /' V V" N^^li^P^m^>>
■pictured,' in ■dark oxford- with belt in j / \ Wik a^S^wMt^'
back, good warm garments, ages 9 to 15 fT;
years only, special price now $2.95. p ■
Even though the store is busy these |E ■, - \ "*f— \^W^^0 r
days^wehave .sufficient salesmen to " |E '^^'^Cr? 1^
wait on all customers promptly. Inad- • — H-fc - . \ h V/'^
ditionto the good :merchandis*e offered, J^X^'-v*^^----*. V^=r^ .-^r^SJ/^z-s 1
the store service you get here makes this '^£^^^^^^^^^=-^^1^^
;a convenient place in which to buy your j-j*L^.1-\ -""^ ■■
needs in boys' and men's outfittings. "'*• ■: :r ~ -*~*' .''•*—•» -^
CvpsandSauccrsFree I Q: \T \A/iTlinirt "«• 4TY\ i Santa Clavs Is Here
Bsautifully decorated cups \!jl\' WWOOU A)B I i» Oid Santy gives candy free
and 5auc*r3' for serving 'black *r^ J ', . f f.- V 1 V to children who are accompaB-
coffes; one free wiih a purchase ;.» . ■ : : . t ".^•^ * iei by adults. * Come aad see
amounting to $1.00 or bvcr.V 740 Market* Street* - htm In bis cozy little house.
APYERTISEMESTS. "" '"['
>^9^S* £~% UR elegant, new" establishment
is now complete, and contains
* p-^ . the newest, largest and most
4^j& attractive stock of Furniture,
I — ——I Carpets, Draperies and Wall
Papers, all offering the best ideas for
beautiful and substantial Christmas
gifts. Everything in, our store is new;
all stock left at our old establishment
. was sold at auction.
GRANDFATHER'S BLOCKS $15.00 tO §550.00
LADIES' WRITING DESKS § 8.50 tO $ 150.00
CELLARETTES .... $12.00 tO $ 75.00
PAKLOR TABLES . ..$ 2.50 to $200.00
BUGS OP ALL 8EES AND DESCRIPTIONS ...
....... .\ . .$ 1.50to$250.00
Mission Fnrnitar'e in exquisite designs-
' The Largest Display in San Francisco.
Open Evenings Until Christmas *
Jpsfredericks &g.
34-5O ELLIS ST.
•NEAR 1MARKET-
Fire Department— J. H. Speck, Georg* A.
Hare. H. J. Cordes. '
Auditor. Treasurer •< and Election Commis
sioners—J. T. Sullivan, J. Porcher, S. B.
Paulson. .
Sheriff, County Jail and Magdalen Asylum —
P. Fabian. William V. Bryan. J. H. Speck.
Board of Education and Public Schools — -
George A. Hare. J. B. Keenan, J. Porcher.
Assessor. Recorder and Public Administra
tor—William .V. Bryan. J. H. Speck, George
A. Newhall. s
Coron«r and Morgues— 8. B. Paulson. P.
Fabian, J. B. 8m! th.
Courts — J. B. Keenan. J. T. Sullivan, W. B.
Bundschu.
District Attorney, City and County Attor
ney—H. J. Cordes, William V. Bryan, P. F.
McCarthy.
County Clerk and Justice Clerk — A. M. !>&
vis. H. J. . Cordes. J. B. Keenan.
Public Library and Park Commission — J.
T. Sullivan, George A. Xewhall. J. B, Smith.
Health Department and hospitals — H. Pink
ing. P. F. McCarthy. A. M. Davi<
Corporations— P. F. McCarthy^ D. H. Loh
sen, S. B. - Paulson. ' - v« \*'_
The Grand Jury has rooms in the
Mills building, and will occupy them
early next week. The committee meet
ings will be held there, and probably
some of the sessions of the Grand Jury
Itself. * .>_-V ; x
Some sons are great comforts to their
fathers' old age, but the fathers of
some other sons never reach old age.
FREE - FI^EE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
. ' ABox of
RAMONA
CHOCOLATE CHIPS
Or the
RAMONA DOMINOEJ. /',;
Free With Every Small Ad in
Sunday Call.
See Small Ad Page^for Further
Particulars.
DISAGREEMENT IX MTXTXO CASE.—
The Jury In the case of William Bravln ■ v*.
Libre Mining Company of Calaveras County
reported to United States Circuit Judge Hunt
last Wednesday night that they had been un
able to agree and were discharged. ■ -*>■ " t <
ARRESTED FOR POOLSELLIN'O.— Captala
John £pillane la waging an energetic campaign
againrt the poolsellery who have located In th»
Southern district. Another round-up of oper
ators • and visitors was mads yesterday at 636
Market dtreet. - '-CHAD WICK DUPES HIDE
ENORMOUS LOSSES.
Pittsburg Men Will Pay Heavily to
Save Their Reputations. '
ONE BANKER .OUT HALF MILLION DOLLARS
PITTSBURG, Dec 15.— The Chadwlck
stnsation has only fairly begun in
PJttsburg, according to financial au
thorities.
The $500,000 note issued by Mrs. Cas
sle I* Chadwlck one year ago has been
located here, but it Is the general belief
that it will not be brought to light if
the Pittsburgers can help it, as It
would give their reputations as finan
ciers a heavy blow. . -- '■
The note in question was given to a
bank in a neighboring city. It is due
en January 7, 1905. Until it Is due and
the borrower has defaulted payment
the subject of the paper is pot a priv
ileged communication. If the nego
tiators and the directors of the bank
are willing to pocket the loss by mak
ing the amount good it will be utterly
squelched. This is what will be done
unless the Federal authorities subpena
the bank o2iccrs and compel them to
testify against the woman.
The officials are wealthy enough to
pay the note and it is said they have
made provision to do so and thus stifle
publicity. Had the slip not occurred
by which James W. Friend's name be
came known in connection with the
transaction it might never have been
known who loaned Mrs. Chadwick the
money here.
BECKWITH VISITS CELIi.
CLEVELAND. Dec 15.— Mrs. Chad
wick's first day In the County Jail was
a busy one for her. She received sev
eral visits from her attorneys, held
long conferences with them, conversed
v.ith newspaper men and for fifteen
minutes stood face to face with Presi
dent Beckwith of the Oberlin Bank,
who has come to such great trouble
through his financial transactions with
her.
The meeting was dramatic. The
aped banker, who had for hours been
before the county Grand Jury, went to
"the office of Sheriff Barry this after
noon and asked if he might see Mrs.
Chadwick. The Sheriff readily con
sented and Mrs. Chadwlck was eager
*<» meet him. Accompanied by Mrs.
Beckwith, who, owing to her husband's
ill health, is always by his side, the
aped banker made his way slowly and
feebly up the long flights of Btairs lead
ing to Mrs. Chadwick's cell. She met
him at the entrance of the corridor
snd shook hands •with him cordially.
After some general conversation Beck
with referred to their business rela
tions by saying:
' "Mrs. Chadwick, you have ruined
ir.e, but I'm not bo sure yet you are
a fraud. I have stood by you to my
last dollar and I do think now that
the time has come for you to make
known everything in relation to this
thing-" - • '-■';
Beckwith's voice betrayed de^p emo
tion as he spoke and he leaned heavily
ADVERTISEMENTS.
There's Only One Way to
Get the Best of Whisky
And that Is to let It alone. If you try
any other way It will get the best of
you. If you can't let it alone you need
Dr. McKanr.a'8 treatment. Dr. McKan-
na. cures the liquor habit by destroying
the desire for liquor and putting the
system in its natural "condition, whiro
!;auor Is not needed tft" help the machin-
ery of the body to do its work. Dr.
McICanna fffTccts a complete cure in three
days without the use of dangerous hy-
podermics, annoying confinement or bad
after effects. Dr. McKanna"s treatment
Is absolutely safe and cannot harm the
mo*t delicate constitution. Why waste
time and money Jn drinking whisky
when you can be cured of the liquor
habit in three days with no chance ot
'ailure, no risk and no unpleasantness?
Think it over and call or write Dr. Me-
Kanna for /ull Information. Address 14
G«":ii-y street. San Francisco. CaL Phone
105? Main.
H. S. BRIDGE &CO.,
I MERCHANT TAILORS, ;!
< BSMOTED TO , i
I 112 Sutler Street*, i
ii saxt rnAjrcisco. :;
« Novelties in Imported Wear. ':
Prescriptions 34,406 and 7.
GUARANTEED CUBE FOB MEN.
ZAB2ELESS IHJECTIO V. Cures ordinary
ccst-E in a few days. Warranted to cure
worst caaes. XTO OTHER TEE ATSTEK T
KEQUIBED. Prevents and Cures Stric-
tures. PREVENTS CONTAOION. Harm-
less. $2.00 for both bottles. For sale only
T. B. KEISY'S PEAEHACT, 102 Eddy, i
Special Dispatch to The CalL
on the arm of his wife, who was almost
compelled to support him, so great was
his physical weakness.
WOMAN" IGNORES APPEAI/.
Mrs. Chadwlck did not reply directly
to the words of Beckwith, but her
manner and the look on her face were
not conciliatory. Seeing that she
would not answer Beckwith went on:
"I have always told you that I did
not like it because you changed your
lawyers so often. Why don't you get
a good one and stick to him?"
"Well," said Mrs. Chadwlck, "I have
reasons for that."
"Have you heard from Judge Olcott
recently?" was Beckwith's next ques
tion.
"Not since I left New York," was
Mrs. Cha&wick's reply.
"Has he changed his mind?"
"No; he has the same belief that he
always held."
To what matter the Questions referred
was not known.
Mr. and Mrs. Beckwith both then said
they hoped the tangles connected with
the Qhadwick affair would be eventu
ally straightened out. Mrs. Chadwick
thanked them for calling, shook hands
with Mr. and Mr?^ Beckwith and said
she would be pleated to have them call
again.
CLUBMAN LOSES
ALIMONY SUIT
Chicago Judge Holds That
Millionaire 3Iust Pay His
Former Wife $33,301
CHICAGO. Dec. 13.— George F. Hard-
Ing, Chicago millionaire and clubman,
has lost his contest over the payment
of $300 a month alimony to his wife,
Mrs. Adelaide M. Harding, and in an
opinion given to-day Judge Gibbons
found Harding not only responsible for
future payments, but In contempt of
court for arrearages to the amount
of $33,201. This amount Harding must
pay within ten days or he will be
lodged in the County Jail, according to
the decree.
After a bitter 'contest and .an appeal
to the Supreme Court, Harding brought
suit for an absolute divorce in San
Diego, CaL, charging desertion. He
was granted the decree originally, the
decision being sustained by the Su
preme Court of Calif ornia.
In a decision here to-day, however.
Judge Gibbons holds that the separate
maintenance decree of the Cook Coun
ty court is still binding upon the real
estate man, notwithstanding the di
vorce granted by the San Diego court.
Judge Gibbons* says:
It la claimed by Harding- that the decree of
divorce granted by the Superior Court of San
Diego County and affirmed by the Supreme
Court of that State absolutely severed the rela
tions of a man and wife between himself and
Mrs. Harding, and that under the Federal con
stitution this court Is bound to give the same
force and effect to said decree as If the derree
had been rendered by the Circuit Court of the
State of Illinois.
Had the cult in California been for the re
covery of money or property the contention
would probably be substantially correct, but
the California decre« cannot abrogate the Cir
cuit Court decree here of separate mainten
ance.
KENTUCKIAN TRADES HIS
WIFE FOR AN ACCORDION
Woman Resents the Humiliation and
Causes Her Husband's
Arrest. ><; \
MIDDLESBORO. Ky., Dec 15. —
Joe Beasley, living not far from Rox
bury. tired of his wife and traded her
off to John Samuels, a neighbor, for
an accordion. Mrs. Beasley refused
to go and Samuels tied her hands and
feet, put her into his wagon and took
her home. _ *
Mrs. Beasley escaped and swore out
a warrant for both men. Beasley was
found playing his musical Instrument,
and showed fight when the officers at
tempted to arrest him. Samuels says
he will sue Beasley.
Mrs. Beasley is now In charge of the
Beasley home, and It is likely that
she will remain there for some time,
inasmuch as 'Beasley cannot pay his
fine. He Is charged with desertion.
Samuels is charged with assault.
The accordion was worth 75 cents.
FALLS UNDER WHEELS
OF A MOVING TRAIN
Jesus E. Tafoya,- a San Franciscan,
Meets With Accidental Death
at San Jose.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 15. — In trying to
recover a bundle that he had dropped,
Jesus E. •Tafoya, a cigar-maker from
San Francisco, fell beneath the wheels
of a passenger train this afternoon
and was killed. He had come to. this
city in search of work and failing to
find employment was returning to his
home in San Francisco.
Tafoya, in boarding the 3 o'clock
train, dropped a bundle he was car
rying and Jumped off to get It. In
climbing aboard again he missed his
footing and fell beneath the train.
Tafoya was. about 36 years of age
and a native of Italy. It is not known
here whether Tafoya had a family
or not.
Held, Up by Masked Robber.
REDDING, Dec. 15. — Gordon Hus
tis, who drives a milk wagon for the
Wyndham dairy, was held up on his
return trip to .- the dairy Wednesday
morning and relieved of all his money.
The marked man who did the work
received very little for his trouble, for
Hustis had but $3 40 in his pockets. "
Fire Destroys Country Residence.
LOOMIS, Dec. 15. — The rsldence of
D. C. Laird in Loomls was destroyed
by fire this evening, together with all
the contents. The. loss will be f> bout
$2000, partly covered, by insurance. .
SANTA ROSA. Dec. 15.— William F. Matt
field to-day brought suit against "John O'Grady
of Freestone to recover $5000 damages. The
suit grows out" of Mattfleld's arrest upon false
charges, O'Qrady having sworn that Mattfield
was intxed up In a shooting affray at Freestone
a few; months ago, which, ! It appears; was not
the case.
THE SAN FRANGISCO CALL', FRIDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1904.
There is a possibility that a hearing
in the Chadwick case may be resumed
to-morrow morning in the bankruptcy
court and that she will be summoned
as a witness.
ENGAGES AN ATTORNEY.
An application for an additional re
ceiver for the Chadwick estate was
made in the Common Pleas Court this
afternoon by the Savings, Banking and
Trust Company of Elyria, Ohio, which
has brought suit against Mrs. Chad
wick on two notes of $25,000 and $10,000,
respectively.
Mrs. Chadwick this afternoon re
tained the attorney who is to conduct
her defense when she is^called for trial
in the Federal court. He is J. P. Daw
ley, one of the leading criminal lawyers
of Cleveland. Sheldon Q. Kerrulsh will
assist Dawley. Kerruish. said this aft
ernoon:
"It is very difficult to know what is
best to do for Mrs? Chadwick. She says
one thing, and a little later will give a
totally different version of the same
matter. Until we have succeeded in get
ting her affairs straightened out it will
be difficult to say what we will do."
The present plan of the Federal au
thorities is to have Mrs. Chadwick ar
raigned In the United States District
Court before Judge Wing on Monday.
ENDS HIS LIFE
IN COURTROOM
Han Arrested for Threaten
ing to Kill Divorced Wife
Cuts Throat With Eazor
Special Dispatch to The CalL
SALT LAKE, Dec. . 15.— Hurling a
curse at his divorced wife, J. W. Car
roll cut his throat with a razor in the
Police Court this afternoon and fell
dead, almost at the woman's feet.
Carroll was arrested yesterday on
complaint of his wife on a charge of
having used abusive language. The
wife was just leaving the witness stand
when the Judge asked Carroll if he
wished to cross-examine the witness.
"Yes," cried Carroll, rushing toward
the witness stand and leveling a finger
at the woman. "I told you what I'd
do."
He drew a razor, from his £oat sleeve
and savagely slashed his throat, almost
decapitating himself. ' ►** ■* •
Mrs. Carroll stood Quietly for an in
stant, then with a piercing shriek she
throw up both hands and fell in a faint.
Police officers revived the woman, who
at once became hysterical, her shrieks
being heard in the street. She was
taken from the courtroom and sent
home.
As Carroll fell he hurled the razor
from him. The blade grazed the face of
Prosecutor Willey.
Carroll was a teamster, 35 years old.
He had been arrested several times for
drunkenness, wife beating and theft.
His wife got a divorce last May, but
Carroll continued to annoy her and the
children by calling at her house when
intoxicated and cursing and beating
them. He had often threatened to kill
himself if she did not return to him.
The woman's fear of violence led to
his arrest yesterday.
Carroll came of a well-known family
of Salt Lake. He was the father of four
small children.
NEW LIGHT AND POWER
COMPANY FOR SAN DIEGO
Capital Stock of Corporation Is Placed
at $500,000, AH of Which is
Subscribed.
SAN DIEGO. Dec. 15. — Articles of
incorporation of the United Light,
Fuel and Power Company were filed
to-day by H. L. Titus, attorney for
John D. Spreckels. The purposes for
which the corporation Is formed are
comprehensive and include the own-
Ing and operating of electric light,
gas, power and fuel plants in the
State of California. The. principal
place of business will be in San Diego.
The capital stock is placed at $500,
000, of which Mr. Spreckels subscribes
$480,000 and Messrs. William Clay
ton, C. T. Hlnde, B. M. Warner and
Harry L. Titus subscribe $5000 each.
It is understood that as soon as the
papers can be sent to Sacramento and
filed there that an application for the
necessary franchises to do business
of the kind contemplated will be
made to the City Council.
The company will enter the field
which the Gas and Electric Light
Company has held without any com
petition for many years.
CALIFORNIA PURCHASES
VAST QUANTITY OF I/UMBER,
Takes Two-Thirds of the Wood
Shipped by Water From Wash
ington and Oregon.
TACOMA, Dec. 15.— Reports sub
mitted at the annual meeting of the
Pacific Coast* Lumber Manufacturers'
Association held here show that Cal
ifornia takes more than two-thirds of
the lumber shipped by . water from
Washington, Oregon and British Co
lumbia. From January 1 to Decem
ber 1 of this year the shipments to
California amounted to 610,000,000
feet, as compared with ' total cargo
shipments of 902,000,000 feet. The
largest shipments to foreign coun
tries were 85.000,000 feet to Austra
lia, 69,000,000 feet to South America,
37,000,000 to China and 25,000,000
feet to South Africa..
Wins Daughter of, Mexico.
MEXICO CITY, Dec. 1 5.— Miss Na
dlne Nuttall, daughter, of the cele
brated Mexican . archaeologist, Mrs
Zelia Nuttall, well "known in archaeo
logical circles in Europe and Ameri
ca, was _ married to-day- to Arthur
Laughlon, a young Englishman.
Christmas Stationery.
Beautiful boxes of stationery that
make useful as well as ,,very. handsome
Christmas presents r- also ink stands,
desk pads and calendars. . Designs not
shown : elsewhere. / Sanborn, Vail & ? Co .
741 -Market street. ;, •
DEATH PUZZLES
THE OFFICIALS
Victim of Brutal Highway:
man Dies From Morphia
Poisoning at Lq§ Angeles
STRANGER IN THE CITY
Whether Drug Was Taken to
Relieve Pain or With Sui
cidal Intent Is Not Known
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 15.— E. S. Ram
say, who last night told the police that
he was an electrician and that his home
was in San Francisco, died to-day In
the Receiving Hospital from the effect
of morphia taken either with suicidal
intent or.to relieve the pain incident to
serious Injuries he sustained last night
at the hands of two highwaymen.
Ramsay reported to the police late
Wednesday night that he had been at
tacked on Arcadia street, near Main,
by two men, who had knocked him
down, kicked him in the fate and side
and beat him -into insensibility. They
then robbed him of $11 45. He was
obliged to sell his pocketknife to get
money to pay for a bed. During the
night he suffered greatly from his in
juries and this morning was found un
conscious in his bed. He was removed
to the Receiving Hospital, where he
died without regaining consciousness.
Very little is known about Ramsay.
He was about 25 years of age, well
dressed and seemingly unaccustomed to
hard work. Papers found on his person
show that he had worked at Butte,
Mont., but there was nothing to Indi
cate the location of his home In San
Francisco. The authorities are trying
to find his relatives. >-.
Found Shot Through the Heart.
SAN DIEGO, Dec. 15. — Guy Mar
shall, 23 years old, who resided with
his mother at 5 Temple court, Los An
geles, was found dead on the roadside
about three miles from Escondido to
day. Near him was a new Winchester
rifle. He had been shot through the
heart. It is supposed to have been a
case of suicide, as he had talked about
ending his life and appeared to be In
poor health. He had gone to Escon
dido in the Interest of a Los Angeles
publication.
Opening of Electric Line Extension.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 15.— The Interur
ban E}ectric Railway to-day Inaugu
rated its service over the short line to
Los Gatos by way of Campbell. The
road runs from this city to Saratoga
and Congress Springs and thence to
Los Gatos, and from the latter place
through Campbell to this city. A run
was made to-day from Los Gatos to
San Jose, stopping only at Campbell,
in twenty-five minutes.
" " ApyERTISEMENTS. ;. 1 ' _'
A Suit An Overcoat*
Just now— about Ghristmas time— money is a very useful article.
If there ever was a time when you should buy your clothes here, it's
now—because we can save you^ money—can sell you garments for $10 that
would cost every cent of $12.50 elsewhere and $15 in many stores.
We have the merchandise to back up this claim ; and our money-back
privilege backs up the merchandise.
We say again, a good-wearing, good-appearing and good-fitting suit,
overcoat or Crayenette for $10; .
The pictyre shows the garments. It was sketched from life. The
models : had on clothes taken from our stock.
MERCHANDISE ORDERS • . ; 7w •w-JT' I CUP AND SAUCER.
In rnakine a j Christmas y^ % I V A7/\/1i B^ t* /Vv FRJLE •
present where it is pre- S»./\J. WW| fflilfAliil' With purchases of $i^jo
f^rablet for the recipient v£J / "^ \ IV \J M 'W 1 \J or over we give a beauti-
to choose. the article, pur- ./TT- i rT >— -—^->T A> , fu n y decorated cup and
:hase : one; ; of-our Mer- 7AQ Market StrPP* saucer for serving black
chandise Orders. . « «*v . marKet oireei 99f coffee.
TRIES TO KILL
GIRL HE LOVED
Nevada Indian JIakes Bold
Attempt to Steal Squaw
Eef used Him in' Marriage
OFFICERS GIVE PURSUIT
Fearing He Was About to Be
Captured Redskin Shoots
Sweetheart and Escapes
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RENO, Nev., Dec. 15. — Jerry Harry,
a strapping Indian of Lander County,
yesterday tried to steal Nellie Muncey,
a 11-year-old Indian girl, after her
mother had refused to allow her to
marry him. He took the girl' on a horse
and tried to escape with her. Discov
ering that he was being followed and
would be captured, the Indian shot his
sweetheart and escaped into the moun
tains.
It appears that the Indian visited the
camp of the old woman and demanded
her daughter in marriage. She refused,
and he asked to speak to the girl for
a few'minutes. He then pulled the girl
up on the horse behind his. saddle and
made for the mountains. A number
of Indians and the officers of Lander
County started in pursuit and were
about to capture the daring lover when
they heard a shot and the girl rolled
to the ground. The Indian escaped to
the mountains. ;>--
TO ADVEETISEES.
Owing to the "large
amount of. work incident to
the issue of THE CALL
HOLIDAY EDITION,
SUNDAY, DEC. 18, NO
DISPLAY ADVERTIS-
ING copy will be accepted
for that edition after 6
P. M. Saturday, and NO
CLASSIFIED Ads after 9
P. M.
GET YOUR COPY IN
EARLY.
Native Sons to Build a Hall.
SANTA ROSA, Dec. 15. — Articles of
incorporation of the Santa Rosa Na
tive Sons' Hall Association were filed
here to-day. The association is cap
italized at $50,000 and will erect a
handsome structure. The directors
are W. L. Hopper, F. E. Dowd, T. T.
Overton, Emmet Seawell, L. W. Juil
llard, J. C. Smith, S. Kurlander, G. W.
Kurlander and C. E. Hoag.
BOYS CONFESS
DARING THEFTS
Eob Mailboxes in San Ber
nardino to Secure Letters
That Contained Money
ORDERS TROWN AWAY
Checks for the Tax Collector
Fall Into Their Hands
and Complications Follow
Special Dispatch to The CalL
SAN BERNARDINO. Dec 15.— Lloyd
Armentrout; aged 13 years, and his 7
year-old brother have confessed that
they have been robbing mailboxes for
several weeks past. Many of the letters
stolen by them contained checks, some
of which had been addressed to the
county tax collectorNln payment of
taxes. One of the checks was for $300.
The boys say that when they found
money it was appropriated by them,
but the checks and money orders were
thrown away.
The -thefts are expected to bring
about complications in the tax collec
tor's office. Some of. the persons who
had mailed remittances prior to
November 20 have been clamoring
for their receipts, but instead were
given notice of their delinquency. A
few of the checks have been found,
but County Tax Collector Coy admits
that he is in a quandary as a number of
people claim that they mailed him
checks which he did not receive.
RECORDER 'STIIJj REFUSES
TO SURRENDER OFFICE
San Jose Official Will Not Abide by
Decision of Supreme Court in
an Election Contest. ..
SAN JOSE, Dec. 15. — County Re
corder Trean or still holds his office
despite the fact that the Supreme
Court has decided that C. R. Williams
is entitled to the place. Treanor gave
Williams notice to-dav that he would
not vacate the office, g The temporary
restraining order issued by Judge Tut
tle was to-day modified so that Wil
liams could proceed with any legal
proceedings that he may desire. The
order issued by Judge Tuttle only re
strains Williams from taking posses
sion of the office. The contest for the
office has been before the courts for
two years and the end is not yet in
sight.
Fined for Sending Offensive Letter.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 15. — H. T. Hos
ford, a student at a local business col
lege, was to-day fined $100 by Justice
Wallace for sending an offensive letter
to Miss Fannie Bryant. He paid the
fine. Ralph E. Young* another stu
dent, who Is charged with having as
sisted Hosford in writing the letter,
will be tried in Justice Wallace's
court next Monday.
MUSICAL..
FISHER HAS-
LEFT I FEW
What Can We Do to Locate
About Twenty Beauties?
We Will See,
Will. Start Out With the
Greatest "Sample" Bargain
To-Day That Has Ever
Been Offered in
a Piano.
While Mr. Fisher, who has had charxa
of our big sale In closing out the Weber
line of pianos, has finished his thirty-
day contract with us, and which prac-
tically closed the big sale at 11 o'clock
Wednesday night, we do not wish It
understood that we have raised the
prices, or gone from cost back up to
retail prices again, on any of the re-
maining unsold pianos of the Weber
line', for we have not; we are still sell-
Ing at. and here offer to any individual
buyer, any unsold piano yet in our
wareroom coming" from the "Weber
Concern" (Weber, Wheelock or Stuyve-
sant). for just what it .will stand to
cost us in the house of the buyer.
This is more than fair— for no dealer
can make a living selling pianos prac-
tically at cost, or without a profit, but
as Is well known, and frankly hereto-
fore stated, we no longer control tha
agency for the above well-known makes
of pianos, and that we made, and Just
closed an "all cash" sale on the full
Weber line for the purpose of getting
our money back, and the Instruments
out of the way of our new line of
pianos, now on the way to take tha
place of the Weber agency.
More than one hundred pianos were
sold during the sale, nearly all for spot
cash. During the latter few days of the
sale, buyers had the option of paying
all cash, or buying on payments, at the
"closing out sale cash pricas," by pay-
Ing 8 per cent interest on deferred pay-
ments. Not the raise of a cent has been
added to the price, nor will there be
during the next ten days, on any piano
now on sale in our wareroom: for we
have some twenty or more very fine
.new pianos of high class which we feel
obliged to dispose of before the 1st, for
•two good reasons.
First, our friendly competitor who
will in the future represent the "Web-
er" line, will be receiving these same
makes of pianos into his wareroom. and)
we don't wish to^then, or thereafter,
be offering Weber, Wheelock, or Stuy-
vesant pianos at cost, or any unusual
sacrifice price which might Interfere
with his regular retail prices of any
of these makes.
And, the second reason is. that our
own new line of pianos which are to
take the place of the "Weber," are on
the way in large quantities, and we
want not a single piano (no matter
what brand, or how fine) of our past
alliances, in our wareroom, or in the
way to be crowded back by those we
shall advertise and push in the future.
Therefore we positively cannot afford
to risk for the sake of a profit of any
kind, having either or any of these
pianos on hand, and unsold a moment
longer than they can be put back Into
our safe in cash, or good customers'
paper.
There are a few choice and costly
Webers to offer to-day (from $163
to $260 below their regular retail prices
everywhere) on terms of $30 down, and
$15 per month. And all others no mat-
ter what style, price, or make, shall go
at $25 down, and $10 per month.
Every piano we now have In stock,
and for sale. Is brand new (except
two very old uprights), and the factory
guarantee will accompany each.
We feel positive that no one who Is in
the market for a first-class piano, can
in Justice to himself afford to let this
chance pass — this deal close — the Weber
get away from him, when It will, in
this Instance, take but the price of a
common piano to dwn one.
We have one special bargain to offer
to-day in the way of a high-class fac-
tory sample piano, which can be had
considerably below its factory price as
billed to us. If not sold within the next
three days. It will be returned to the
factory that shipped it as a sample.
This piano is one of the finest that's
made, and can be bought within eight
dollars of half its regular price. Terms
to suit the buyer. Now don't put It off. .
please. We've got the bargains for you.
at 126 Geary st., opposite the City of
Paris dry good3 store.
CLARK WISE & CO.,
OCEAN TRAVEIi.
e Steamers of company, or
for which It la asent. lear*
Piers 9 and 11, Saa Fran-
For Ketchikan. Wranse!.
Juneau, Tread well. Halnes,
Skaruay. etc.. Alaska— 11 a.
m.. Dec. 18. 21. 28, 31. Jan.
5. Changs ta this company's
steamers at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver, Port Townsend.
Seattle. Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes. South
BrlMnsbam, Belllngham — 11 a. m.. D«c Id.
21. 2U, 31. Jan. 5. Change at Seattle to this
company's steamers for Alaska and G. X. Ry. ;
at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at Van-
couver to C. P. Rv.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona, 1:30
p. m., Dec. IS. 24. 30, Jan. 5. Corona. 1:30
p. m., Dec. 13. 21,. 27. Jan. 2.
For Los Anreles Vrla Port Lo» Ancele* and
Redondo). San Dlelro and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 0 a. m.
For Los Anceles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Hartord (Saa
Luis Obl«po), Ventura and Huenema.
Bonita. 0 a. m., Dec. 17, 26 Jan. 2.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Dec. 13, 21. 2».-Jaa. 8.
For Ensenada, Maxdaleca Bay. San Joss del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata. La Pas. Santa Rosa!}*.
Guaymas <Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of wtch month,
i . For further Information obtain folder. Right
' Is reserved to chance steamers or sailing dates.
TICKXT OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace HoteD.lO Market st., and Broad-
way wharves. Froljht O2c» 10 Market st.
C. D. DUNANN, General Passenger Agent
\ 10 Market st.. San Francisco.
Th<* Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter St.. will
call for and check baxtraga from hotals and
residences. Telephone Exchangv 312;
•CttMCSACI.ss£5£
S. S. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney.. Thursday, Dec. 22, 2 P. M.
S.S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Dec. 31. 11 A.M.
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. D«c 31. 11 A. M.
LCSPEICmSiBROi COl, iZtl.TlCalt 01x60 Iir«
to. FrslgHt Offlcs 327 Harm Si. Pig 7, Pactts M
COXPASHIS 6X9EBALE TBA531TLiSTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-FARI3. •«»»,
Sailing ev«ry Thursday Instead of ttfr «
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. • from Pier ~**iar?- r '
42 Xorth River, foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre. «7O and upward. Sec-
ond claw to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGEXCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
C\N*VDA, 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
N«w York. J. F. FUOAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. S Montgomery avenu*. San Francisco.
Tl'/keti sold by all Railroad Ticket Agenta.
For XI. S. Vavr Tard and VaUa]o.
Strs. General Frisbie. Montlcello and Arrow.
,0-43 a.m.. 12:30 p.m.. 3:15 p.m.. 6 p.m.. 8:30 p.
m Leave San Franeifco Sundays 8:45 a-m..
l*»"-3O p-m., 6 p.m.. 8:30 p.m. Leav« Vallejo, 7
a.m. 1* a.m., 12:SO p.m.. 3:15 p-m.. S p.m. Sun-
day* T a.m.. 5> a.m.. 3:20 p.m.. ft p.m. Pier 2.
ft Mtsslon st: phone Main 150S. HATCH BROS.
Por V. S. Navy Yard and Vallaio.
Stmr H. J. CORCORAN leaves north • end
Ferry bide, foot of Clay st. 10 a-m., 8:30
i p.m.; Sundays. 10 a.m.. 8 p.m. Le&v*
Vallejo. Aden's wharf. 7:15 a.m.. 2:30 p>m»;
Sundays, 7:13 a.m.. 3 p.m. Fare 25a «»ch war.
; PIPER. ADEN, COODAXXi CO.
34
GOLDEN JUBILEE OF THE SISTERS OF MERCY
OBSERVED WITH IMPOSING CEREMONY.
Rev. father Doyle
Extofs Work of
: Good Women,
Devotion at the
Cathedral Most
Impressive,
The golden Jubilee of the Sisters of
Mercy was observed yesterday with
beautiful religious exercises and social
celebration, and the presentation to the
good women o-f innumerable valuable
presents and even gifts of money from
loyal and devoted friends. • ■ ', • "• ' •
At 10 o'clock in the morning Arch
bishop Riordan and Archbishop Mont
gomery entered St. Mary's Cathedral
with a number cf priests and acolytes.
Archbishop Riordan took his seat on
the throne and Archbishop Montgom
ery was the celebrant of solemn. pontl^
fical mass, the Very Rev. Father Pren
dergast. Vicar General, being assistant
priest and the Rev. Father J. J. Cant
well master of ceremonies. The Rev,
Father John Nugent acted as deacon
and the Rev. P. Casey as' subdeacon.
The deacons" at honor attending Arch
bishop Riordan were the "Very Rev,
Father Frieden. S. J., and * the Rev.
Father J. B. McNally. \i; "..
Within the sanctuary rails were:The
Rev. Father P. Cummins, chancellor;
Rev. Father Doyle;; Rev. Father H. H.
■Wyman. C. S. P.; Rev: Father Peter D.
Brady, Rev. Father P. E. Mulligan,
Rev. Father M. Connolly, Rev. Father
T. Caraher, Rev. Father J. McGinty,
Rev. Father Piperni, Rev. Father
Charles Ramm; Rev. Father H. L.
Stark, C. S. P.; Rev. Father Jeroma B.
Hanigan, Rev. Father P. R. Lynch;
Rev. Father Calzia, S. J.; Rev. Father
Maximilian Neumann, O. F. M.; Rev.
Fathtr Walsh. S. J.; Rev. Father J.
Leahy, Rev. Father P. J. Keane, Rev.
Father Lyons; Rev. Father Joseph Sa
eia, S. J.; Rev. Father Santandreau;
Rev. Father Welch, O. P.; Rev. Father
Driscoll. O. P.; Rev. Father John Rog
ers, Rev. Father Philip O'Ryan, Rev.
Father E. P. Dempsey; Rev. Father M,
P. Smith, C. S. P.; Rev. Father M.
Q'Riordan, Rev. Father W. Butler, Rev.
Father J. Butler and Rev. Father
Cleary.
The decorations were beautiful and
consisted of a profusion of chrysanthe
mums and draperies of golden color.and
the sacred music was magnificently
rendered under the direction of R. J,
Harrison.
The Rev. Father Alexander P. Doyle,
president of the Apostolic Missionary
College, Washington, p. C, preached
the sermon and Archbishop Riordan
extended his felicitations to the Sisters
of Mercy.
Father Doyle in his sermon said:
A DAY OF REJOICING.
"And the people were joyful in the sight
of the sanctuary." — Judith xvi:24.
"For the Lord made them joyful with a
great joy. their wives' and their children re
joiced. And the joy cf Jerusalem was beard
afar off." — Eedras 11:12-42.
There is a epecial fitness in the people of
this city by the Western sea. Irrespective of
crettd cr racial affiliation, gathering together
today to celebrate the golden Jubilee ef the
ccxaing of the Sisters of Mercy among them.
It is not well for any " people to forget its
«nrly beginning*; particularly is this true when
their «arly year* were marked by courageous
sacrifice* end. heroic endeavors. And it is
good for the children of this generation to
gt> back in spirit to the days of the noble men
who laid the foundation of San Francisco's
greatness and remember their struggles and
try to appreciate the arduous labors they
went through in order that we may enjoy
the blessings of a rit*r civilization.
Heroism is always attractive and worthy
of the largest measure of praise. There Is
nothing that draws from our hearts the fullest
cted of admiration" like the working out of
noble purposes at the com of human sacrifices
and even to the shedding of human blood.
Viewed In this light the history -of the colo
nization of the Pacific slop? is a hittory of
•which any people may well be proud.' The
great movement that led to the peopling of
C&llforr.la by the hardy pioneer of forty-nin*
and -the < arly fifties ia one of the most mem
orable events in the development of our coun
try, and the men who took part in that mi
gration were made up of as sturdy a fiber,
both morally and physically, as ever laid
thf foundation of any country's greatness.
If we s*t aside for the moment the re
ligious coition Jt Is true that the dominant
motive of the treking of the Argonauts was
the 6*arch for the golden fleece, yet neverthe
less they were giants In thoe« days and It
was a gigantic purpose that nerved the race
of strong men and women to leave behind the
remforts of homer In the East and the re
finements of settled civilization and to face
the <Su*ty. dangerous pathways of the weary
prairie, with scanty feed arid plentiful peril,
and to k«»ep It up with stout hearts for months
ur.til the vision of. the Golden Gate met their
gaze. And we children of that older gen
eration may well be proud of the fact that
ve ar* ' desr^nded from the loins of a race
of men who were built on a heroic mold.
One of the strongest claims this dear old city
of ours has to our affection ia that its be
ginnings were laid by the strong arms and
the'Btout hearts of the nob!m race of people
that ever blessed this country of oar*.
POWER OF RELIGION'.
Ttere way he found tne scoffer, who will
fail to appreciate the mighty work of the
Argonauts, who will apeak of lawieFane*a and
licentiousness of the <arly <Say« and thereby
make it appear that the coming of the first
settlers was the lr.rush!ng of a mob trampling
to the earth the weak and the. helpless in lte
.^^ApVERTlSEMEXTS.
SUGGESTIONS FOR.
CHRISTMAS GIFTS
Silk Comforters - - - v - • $B:7£ to $26.00
Filled with hygienic lamb's wool; also down.
Sofa Pillows - - - - - - - 75c to $5.00
Covered with finest Damask, Brocade, Plain and
Figured Velours. .
Panel Screens ----- $5.50 to $60.00
Three and four fold; Weathered Oak, Golden Oak
and Mahogany frames with Tapestry Panels;
also covered with Art Burlap.
W&J.SLOANE &CO.
•FUBNITURE - CARPETS - RUGS - DRAPERIES'
114-122 POST STREET
' ' ' - ■ -
REV. A. P. DOTL.B, WHO PREACHED
AJ* ELOQUENT SERMON AT
SISTERS OF MgRCY JUBILEE.
eager, avarice for gold and leaving- behind
them all respect for law and morality, but In :
their ignorance of early conditions they have i
not known the love of Justice and right and
the desire to organise a stable, conservative
commonwealth that dominated the hearts of
the majority of this community In the. early
days. . »
While we praise the men aid women whose
heroic virtues, personal bravery and ceaseless I
toil handed down to us all ■ that we enjoy
of civic blessing, there Is .another class. -of
heroes among us whose motives were not tjie'
search for gold and yet whose coming whs
an event of no little importance in- the. his
tory of our city. It Is the golden " Jubilee ■ of
this event that we are gathered 'here* to cele-"
orate to-day. No commonwealth can hope to
attain any stable organization nor can-it rise
to '.any moral greatness without the*'element
of religion. Religion Is the basis "Of* nil
respect for law. it is the cement that'. blnds ;
together the various elements of 'the •social
frbric. '/■£-" ■ ' i -
■ It was a strange sight that met the'eyes of
the sturdy pioneer this day fifty years ago,
when there stepped ashore the little, band Of
consecrated women who haa left their, distant'
hemes In the old land In order to devote,thelr
lives to tha service of the poor and '..the sick
and the sinful in the land of their adoption. ■
, EARLY MISSIONARY HEROES.'
It is true, that this Western world has had
Its religious heroes in the person of -.the .early
missionaries, who brought the knowledge' of
Christ to the Indians, and had bulH r up 'that
•wonderful chain of missions from San' Diego
te the Mission Dolores, but the avaricious hand
of the despciler had done Its full work of de
struction and at the time of the coming of
these new religious workers the missions, had
become but a thing of historical record. An
other race of people with entirely different
Ideals occupied the nelds sanctified by the Pa
dres, and -the social conditions that had been
created by the Influx of the sturdy men from
all parts of the world knew little of the uplift
ing sweetness of a woman's influence and less"
of the cultured refinements of a well i estab
lished home. There was something of . the
scramble for the first places and the desire to
make a fortune in the quickest way that for
the time being obscured the higher and better
living.
The Sisters came Into the unpaved streets of
an unformed frontier town, and Jnto a com
munity of hardy pioneers and Into an atmos
phere of unsettled social conditions, and their
coming was as the visitation from the world of
angels. The natural chivalry of strong men's
hearts received them with open arms because
they came not. for gold of the earth, but for
the alleviation of human misery and the kal
vatlcn of souls. They brought with them not
the desire to accumulate wealth, but the pur
pose to dispense with a lavish hand heaven's
own treasure. It does not take : the shrewd
men ef the world long to discern the higher
things of life and living In an environment
where It was every one's duty, to look out for
the main chax.ee; the pioneers were keenly ap
preciative of the higher motives that Inspired
the coming of the Sisters and from the very
beginning they give them a royal welcome.
Who were these Sisters of Mercy?
DAUGHTERS OF THE PEOPLE.
They were the daughters of the people In
closest touch with the diocesan and parochial
authorities. At the throngs of emigrants
sailed away from .poor, unhappy Ireland be-
Caufwi the alternative was placed before them
either of a lifetime of- starvation and * misery
In therr own land., or to seek the necessities cf
adequate living In the. land of the stranger
they were not forsaken by their spiritual lead
ers. God raised up n. ! valiant woman—Cath
erine MeAuley— who gathered into religion the
choicest and the best of the young women of
the land and consecrated them under the veils
of a devoted life, and »he sent them with the
people as they railed away, so that in their
moments of weakness and despair there might
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 16, .1904.
be consecrated hands to alleviate their misery.
In the wandering of the emigrant In a strange
land some would of a necessity fall by the
wayside. There was need then of the-conse
crated nun, who' would stand by the sick In the
fe\ ? ered hospital warda to raise the cooling
draught to the parched lips of the dying, to
wipe away the cold mists of death and to
speak the cheering word of salvation that the
doors of the better life may be opened to
them. I
So. when Father Hugh Gallagher presented
himself at the chapel c* the Convent of Kin
sale and asked for volunteers to come with
him to far off California to carry out the
great mission of mercy on the Pacific Slope
he found a ready response. Almost the entire
community offered themselves. A few were
selected, and at their head was placed the
youngest. Mother Baptist Russel, a woman of
•xtraordinary gifts of mind and heart. The
special providences of God safeguarded them
in their journeyings. An apparent accident
kept them from calling on the Ill-fated Arctic.
Thpy landed In New York.. They were cheered
, in a special way by our own saintly founder,
Father Hecker. He bade them godnpeed.
Again they started out to. croes the, isthmus,
and so they came to San Francisco.'
. FOUND PLENTY OF ' WORK.
s When- (they came they found plenty of work
i -to do. The exigencies of life In the raw ana
unformed city opened a large field of useful
ness to the consecrated social worker. In the
I rush 'of life there was little time to care for
j the weak and the dependent classes. Thero
I .were few if any hospitals for the sick; The
Ignorant had tb be instructed in Christian doc
trine, and the waifs had to be gathered up
Into- protecting asylums. Right royally did
they go to work and right earnestly did they
keep it *ud. in reason and out of season, for
these fifty years. i .
; It Js ,. not j jny duty to-day . to tell of their
trials and their triumphs, of their heroic work
for the tick* In the hoBuital and for children
in the schools. It is not mine to rollow them
Into the jloathsome. dwelling of. degraded • mis
ery -and" to see them brighten up by their
presence, the dark places of destitution, like the
incoming. of a gleam of sunshine. It U not
mine to go with them into the barred dun
gebn where the condemned criminal Is segre
gated from Ma race, forsaken by friends,
f»corned by society and plunged Into despair,
and bear them tell how the Savior of the
world died as a criminal and an outcast from
society and that it Is needful to have gooa
cheer, to look beyond the grave for that
glorious resurrection when this poor body,
though it be sown in corruption, will rise in
:lnc6rruptlon. though it be eown in dishonor
win rise In glory, and though sown In weak
ness will rise In power that It may walk and
wear not, that It may run and faint not. ■
-It is not mine to tell how they gathered
about them the Door waifs of humanity and
instilled into their young minds the love of
God. and tenderly and carefully entwined the
tendrils of , -their heart about the great prin
ciples of morality. Nor is It mine to tell how
the weary hours were spent at the bedside of
thff sick in the hospital on the hill, and how
when the cholera broke out and the smallpox
was a plague It was the white angel of mercy
that hovered about the sick bed. ; Over and
over again they volunteered for this service in
the smallpox hospital when the plague-stricken
people were carried to their graves by hun
dreds. It is not mine to tell of their glorious
deaths, from Mother de Sales In 1857 to the
spotlesB soul that passed, away but last week.
DIED LIKE BRAVE SOLDIERS.
They died like brave soldiers at their post of
duty, never flinching day nor night. These
fifty years of work and trial have built up a
splendid community here in this diocese, but
tney have formed a more glorious community
beyond the. stars. As we look back we . have
■■ 6B the flower of San Francisco's maidenhood
assumo the habit of. the Sister of Mercy plunge
with o whole heartedness into the work that
was before them, sicken one after the other
and All in the trenches. All this heroism,
thejft sacrifices for God and the salvation of
'?«" i 2 (?e . d a m ? r6 « lo/ 5»»ent tongue. than mine
I5^ft «i ta i?1 ls '- The recording angel has
written It all down in the book of life in let
ters of gold.
To-day Is the day of jubilation. "When you
will have entered into the land that I shall
give you. Thou shalt number the seven week*
aI y^, rH - th u l , ls t0 say> 7x7 « whlch maketh
4». mou *halt sound tne trumpet in the
seventh iponth^ and th« tenth day of tha
j 1 u P 1011 s . haIt Ban ctify the fiftieth year
*o?i/ ha11 -' P 1 " 0 ? 1 "- 1 "*- remission to; all the in
habitants of the land/ for it is the year of
jubilee, Serve the Lord with gladness. Come
in before His. presence with exceeding great
™«V Ve S" 5 Hl ? P* 50 ? 18 and the sheep of His
pasture. Go ye into His gates with praise and
His courte with hymns. Praise ye His name,
for the Lord- is great and Ills mercy «n
dureth forever, and His truth from generation
to generation. ' . • . . . .
Jubilees are always times for rejoicing and
thft measure of our joy Is th« greatness of the
blessings conferred. A- glimpse at the books
?L= Sf'7£r rd J nK a - n *, el wUI reveal. to the citi
zens of this beautiful city by the western sea
Jl? W M V 7 ry E >f eat are the clalms that the Sisters
of Mercy have on our hearts. It .we could
but number the ' thounanfls saved from shin-
Tv. reck> l he last that have bee " gathered up.
the orphans that have, been mothered, the
naked that have been clothed and the fallen
restored .to decent and - respectable lives we
"wi .»lht? th ,f »««on. why they 'have
been enshrined in the sanctuary of the hearts
KL» he t* 0 * 1 *-' V l l old n0B P'tal on the' hill has
been a beacon light to many a wayfarer who
has strayed away from the paths of rectitude
to lead him back to his old . home In ths '
rhvrch. The Magdalen Asylum has its long
bead-roll of penitents who have been washed
white In the blood of the lamb and who have
taken their places again In sanctified homes. -
WHAT THEY llAVE DOXE.
You ask again what claim have they * on
our gratitude. Sea the schools -that they have
taught freely, devotedly and religiously. The
many. young heart* that- they > have filled with
. th% spirit-, of God .and. who .are better citizens
for the reverence for God,* and the sanctities
of law they have I learned ' under | this con
secrateG tuition; ", who are . cleaner men and
■ purer .women .,ttf»day on account of the early
lessons . at .piety., received , from the Sisters of I
Mercy. It is the eminent sociologist Lecky
who reproaches the modern • historian for un
derrating the civilizing and -.moralizing in-'
nuence of ■ these, quiet and unostentatious re-' I
. llpioup forces that operate ' quietly ; though
effectively - In our social organization. He
says . that the simple and unsslnsh teal with j
which they educate -the ignorant. ■ guide the
erring, comfort the. sorrowing, brave the hor
ror* of 'pestilence rand 'shed "a hallowing in
fluence, over '.he dying,' working as it does in
j countless ways to allay, human passions soft- I
en manners, elevate and purify ideals ■ of con
, duct. -is one of the most : potent factors . in.
social evolution: ■ ' Uttle wonder 'that after
fifty ,vears of faithful service, of unrelenting
toil, of % patiently born© trials,- the love of ' a
dfevoted people overlaps its bounds and must
of a necessity find expression In this glorious
manifestation of., their gratitude, en this the
golden Jubilee day of their" advent among us
But what of the years to "come ? : • '
• A new . era Is at hand. These are > the day*
when theologian and moralist . and political
economist can only - raise his hands and say
When will ; it all ejid? The heaping up of
wealth. In the hands of. the few often has the
effect of reducing the multitude to the' direct
poverty." *WithaIl our:wealth the gaunt figure
©f poverty la stalking abroad/Everywhere we
Uafuife Gifts Are
Presented by
|l|||||i Tie
Part in Grand
turn Is stretched out to us. the withered hand
of beggary. Everywhere we look we nee the
pinched face of want. The great engine of
modern civilization like the Indian Juggernaut
moves on slowly and surely, and thousands go
down beneath its crushing power. The era
of great cities is at hand, when thousands are
leaving the quiet, healthy fields of the coun
try arid are plunging into the neethlng vortex
of the great city where a terrific struggle for
life Is wing on: •■■ > ■;■■■
STRUGGLES OP THE WEAK.
In. this strife for pre-eminence the strong
cope with the strong," and the weak are thrown
down and trampled, on, and a bitter cry that
pierces, the heavens'goes up from the dust of
the struggle. In this city to-day, with all its
wealth, and splendor, there are thousands of
God s creatureB to whom life is but a damning
fate; tpeje are thousands more of whom it
might well be said It were better that they
had never been born. s
The slums of this great city is like a huge
morass inhabited by noisome reptiles whoso
lives begin in vice' and end in -a curse; to
whom life is but a Dante's hell, over 'the door
of which Is written: '"All who enter here
leave all hope behind." , Often have you and I
eeen .the young and the innocent and the beau
tiful go -down Into -the dreadful mire and are
eoon. lost to all sense of decency and virtue,
trampled under foot by the iron hoof of stern
alternative: starve or sin. Young and beauti
ful girts, whose j souls washed white in the
purifying of baptism, made whiter still
as they fed on the bread of angels; girls who
have struggled for a- decent livelihood In our
stores, factories and sweatshops, contending
day by day against 'the grasping avarice of
mammon until, overworked and underfed, their
weakened- bodies can stand the struggle no
longer; until, with one despairing cry, they
plunge into the dark ravine, and all is lost.
Oh, who Is there who will stand by with
warning voice, tell them of the danger, or with
consecrated hands snatch them from the brink
before the plunge lg made? Who is there who
has the devoted heart that beats in sympathy
for weak, poor, frail human nature will pour
out the wealth of love that only a woman's
heart is big enough 'to' hold, and lead them
back to the path of rectitude?
Oh, devoted Sisters of Mercy. I preach you a
new crusade, or rather I restate for you your
old vocation and. under altered conditions and
other circumstance*, point out to you the du
ties that are nearer to your hand. If religion
will ever more thoroughly commend itself to
the nwHws of the people, while it -saves souls
from that hell beyond the grave, it muet make
the world this side of the grave little less of a
hell to live in. While it lifts humanity up to
heaven, with strong, powerful arms, It must
bring some of heaven down to earth.
GREAT WORK WORTHILY DONE.
Right worthy has' your work of fifty years
been done. This city is all the better because
devoted women as you are have lived in It
and have been in toueh with air Its uplifting
forces. Many a girl has bade good-by to
friends and home with a stouter heart and
has braved . the; dangers of city Ilfe^ because
mercy hath set uj> her throne here and opened"
wide the *door"**r her. 1 . heart. For the years
that aref-to ctiraf it he«d8 no prophetic voice
to tell of triumphs yej to be and, of victories
yet t to be 'won. » You. are 'Just about to break
ground • for your ■ .hew" '. 'hospital, and when
finished It will.be one 'of the great buildings
that i the people of San- Francisco will point
to with pride. ! It- will enshrine In its archi
tecture all the glorious memories of the padres
and bring into our modern life the symbols
of their heroic endeavors; It will carry to the
highest perfection ..the .sacred art of healing
the body, and there ,will- be no methods of
modern surgery that -will not receive their
highest exemplification:; :The work is at your
hand and' you afp ; better equipped to do It
to-daytthan were little band of fifty ..years
ago. With schools and homes and hospitals,
with : riper experience <and with- many more
devoted hearts and, what is far more Important
than everything else, j with a spirit of zeal
and devotion and an . inheritance of saintly
memories "from . two brave women who have
gone before you, with the sign of the faith.
These are your treasures and with them you
will march on to greater victories.
Fifty years have- not traced on your cheek
the lines .of age nor,- is there any mark of
decreptitude in your; gait. The first flush of
youth Is ' In thy face . and there is vigor and
strength in thy right-hand. As Longfellow
so beautifully expresses it:
"Oh, what a glory doth the heavens put on
- Kor him who with fervent heart goes forth
Under the bright and glorious sky,
And looks on duty well performed
And days well snent."
A reception was held at St. Mary's
Hospital by the sisters in the after
noon from 2 till 4, at which hour Arch
bishop Riordan gave the benediction of
the blessed sacrament in the chapel of
the passion. •
AFFLICTED PUPILS TO GIVE CONCERT.
The annual sacred concert given by the blind
pupils of the Institution for the Deaf and the
Blind will take place next Sunday afternoon
in the assembly hall of the school at Berkeley.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Come, Let Us Show Yon How Quickly
We Can Solve that Perplexing Problem
"WHAT SHALL I GIVE HIM?" ji^
• Our great-big " store* js filled to the brim With the practical and useful things that
men and boys would like to find in their Xmas stockings. And our pr ices—
, always the lowest in the .city— are more conspicuously reasonable during the fin jftt
holiday season than at any other time. Judge all our other values by these— 111k iBf
Men's $i5.0Q Business Suits $10.00 Men's $1.25' Fancy Vests . . 95c fifLflf
fte Vs $12.50 Long Overcoats ....... $8.50 Men's $6.50 Smoking Jackets $4 95 IVl
Boys' $3.50 M Suits. . .... ,.$2.45 " en s 25c Silk Neckwear . ..... . . . - 19c
Boys' 5 ;c. and 75c Mothers' Friend Waists and 'Boys/Jac Ail-Wool Knee Pants .... . .45c A
, Blouses. . . . .......:... 45c Boys' 25c and 35c Fancy Flannelette and Per- Mk
Children's $2,00 Buster Brow.) Sweaters cale Waists and Blouses 19c J^L
Y> - • - • • • ./•• • • • •'•;•;• •■•■■• • • • • S 1 - 50 Men's 75c Susce.ders. Each pair In a box. 50c JraBijA
Ghiidren's 50c Wool Tern o'Shanters, all colors • Mien's $'.25 eiira large Silk Reefers, hem- J&
............ .^.;...::...v, 45c stitched .....I.. .....95c
wj OPEN EVENINGS UNTIL CHRJSTMAS~| &^.
Ttto A NIT IID/^Q The Great Big Store CJJ
F tw^lf I\ Ul\V\Je With t,he Little Rent /^g
Corner Kearny and Sacramento Streets J^
CAR AND AUTO
IN COLLISION
Mr. and Mrs. W. T. Robertson
of Alameda Narrowly Es
cape Injury at San Jose
.MACHINE IS WRECKED
Accident Due to Carelessness
of Motorman, Who Did Not
Apply Brakes in Time
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 15.— Mr. and Mrs.
W. T. Robertson of Alameda, while on
their way to Del Monte in an automo
bile, had a narrow escape from serious
Injury this afternoon in a collision with
a etreet car. They had just started
from this city for Del Monte, and when
at the Junction of Market and First
streets a First-street electric car ran
them flown. The car came up behind
them and struck the machine. The car
carried the auto along for about fifty
feet, throwing it over on the tracks,
badly wrecking it. Three wheels and
the axJes of the machine were broken
and the woodwork on the sides smash
ed into kindling.
Mr. and Mrs. Robertson occupied the
front stats and the hind ones were fill
ed with baggage. Neither of the occu
pants received any injury.
TO ADVERTISERS.
Owing to the large
amount of work incident to
the issue of THE CALL
HOLIDAY EDITION,
SUNDAY, DEC. 18; NO
D I S P LAY ADVERTIS-
ING copy will be accepted
for that edition after 6
P.-^ < M. Saturday, and NO
CLASSIFIED Ads after 9
P. M.
GET YOUR COPY IN
EARLY. \'. '
SISTERS OF HOLY FAMILY
MAKE CHILDREN HAPPY
Christmas Tree Festival Is Given at
Alhambra Theater to Hundreds
of Little Ones.
<- A multitude of little children were
made happy at the Christmas tree
festival given at the Alhambra Theater
yesterday under the auspices of the
Sisters of the Holy Family. A number
of priests acted in the role of Santa
Claus. Not one of the little ones
went away empty handed. Their arms
were filled with toys, candies and
books and they trooped out of the
theater thoroughly happy. .
Most of the little folks were from
the day homes, kindergartens and
sewing schools. The priests .who as
sisted in giving out the toys are Father
J. B.Hannfgan, Father W.- P. Sullivan,
Father E.. A. Kenedy and Father Stark
of the Paullst Qrder.^. An. excellent en
tertainment preceded the distribution
of gifts. The stage contained a large
Christmas tree.
Christmas Leather Goods.
No charge for lettering your name in
gold on pocketbooks, card cases, wrist
bags, traveling sets, trunks, valises and
dress suit cases or any other fine leather
goods purchased at our store. Open even
ings. Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741 Market St.*
Christinas Season Is On.
Christmas festivals are being given
at the various kindergarten schools in
the city under the auspices of the
Golden Gate Kindergarten Associa
tion. The children are entertained
with Christmas trees, from which
gifts are distributed. A number of
festivals were held yesterday. The
yuletlde season will be observed in
the schools at the following places to
day: 477 Ninth street, 10 a. m.; 3238
Mission street, 10 a. m.; 2880 Six
teenth street, 10:30 a. m.; 106 West
Mission street, 11 a. m.; Seventeenth
and Noe streets, 1:80 p. m.; 4252
Twenty-fourth street, 2 p. m.
WANTED IN MONTEREY COUNTY — W
J. Copeland was arrested last night at Com
mercial and Montgomery streets and taken to
the City Prison, where he will be held pending
orders from Sheriff Nesbitt of Monterey County
who yesterday afternoon telegraphed a descrlp.
tion of the man and said that he was wanted
for burglary In Monterey. Nesbitt requested
that the local police keep a lookout for COpe
land.
COURT DECIDES
AGAINST EMERY
Patient in Stockton Asylum
Tries to Prove That He
Was i "Railroaded" There
READY WITH ANSWERS
Freedom Is Denied Him on
Testimony of Physicians
of the State Institution
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON. Dec. 15.— A. R. Emery,
formerly of Oakland, now an inmate
of the State Insane Asylum, was before
Judge Smith to-day on habeas corpus
proceedings. He claimed to be sane,
and to have been "railroaded" to the
asylum. Attorney Stetson' appeared on
behalf of the State Lunacy Board-
Emery's petition set forth that he had
been adjudged a lunatic upon the testi
mony of his wife and children, vrho
wished to get him out of the way. O.
W. Jaycox. a friend of the Oakland
man, instituted the proceedings to Be
cure Emery's freedom. At no time
while under the fire of Stetson's search
ing cross-questions did Emery appear
at a loss for an answer. >v
Stetson questioned Emery about hli
actions while in Denver a few months
ago, and Emery stated that he had
made considerable money by establish
ing a school for teaching bricklaying.
He testified that he took seven pudIIs
and guaranteed to teach them how to
lay brick for the sum of $100 each. He
said that the pupils learned In »three
weeks. • :'/. J
"You say you charged $700 for thre*
weeks' work?" asked the attorney.
"I said I got that much: I didn't say
I earned it," replied Emery.
"Wasn't $100 apiece an exorbitant
price to charge them?" queried Mr.
Stetson.
"Well, I don't know," retorted the al
leged lunatic. "You sometimes get lots
more than that Just for working your
mouth a few hours In court."
Emery was on the stand two hours
and proved to be a sharp witness, but
on the testimony of the asylum physi
cians touching his history and habits
he was remanded.
MORE YOUNG TEACHERS
TO RECEIVE DIPLOMAS
Class of Twenty-Nine to Be Graduated
From Normal School at
' ' San Jose.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 15. — Twenty-nine
young teachers will graduate from the
State Normal School here to-morrow.
There will be no programme of exer
cises, owing to the fact that gradua
tion exercises are held but once a
year. The following will be presented
with diplomas by Professor M. E.
Dailey:
Martha Anderson, Ethel Baird. Julia Boyd.
Hannah Buckley. Victoria Downey, Edwina
Ftary. Helen Franks, Hester Hulst Virginia
Kelley, Mirth Kennedy, Alva Ladd, Beulab.
Lanyon, Joseph Malloy, Barbara McCune. Isa
bell j McClelland. Josephine Morrison, Charlotte
Pelegrinl. Nicholas Prusch. Louise Rosellp,
Marparet Roberts. Marie Leibe, Martha Smith.
Gladys Smythe, Luella Bweitzer. Saylor Van
Hagen, Herbert Wardrip, Grace Waltcn.
Vivian White and Mabel Williams.
OFFICERS DOUBT STORY
TOLD BY INJURED MAN
Peter Springmore, Who Says He Is a
Resident of San" Francisco, Is
Badly Hurt.
SALINAS, Dec. 15. — A man giving
the name of Peter Springmore and
claiming to.be a resident of San Fran
cisco was taken to the County Hos
pital here this afternoon from Wat
sonville, having been severely injured
Tuesday near Pajaro in this county.
He says he was knocked down near
the latter place by a team and run
over. At the hospital he was found
to have a fractured rib, a broken nose,
eye hurt and a badly bruised body.
The officers believe he is not telling
the truth as to how he received the
injuries and will investigate the case.
Pyrography Outfits
And all manner of wooden piings and
sheepskins to burn. Hundreds of designs
not shown elsewhere. Artist Material
Department. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741
Market street. •
PRKSENTS FOR THE POOR.— The appeal
of the Health Department for Christmas gifts
for the unfortunate Inmates of city Institu
tions caused some charitable people to respond
yesterday. Neustadter Bros, sent a lot of un
derwear and a prominent physician has agreed
to deliver a stereoptlcon lecture at the Alms
house tp help the Christmas cheer.
\ A dream of pleasure, the new two for
quarter size American, $2 75 box 25. •
APVKKTISEMESTS.
iff 1*if'ti+ y^sF
tVom all the *fr
1 Great Art Centers ]
of the World we
have gathered/Sir
this Season's Trade* L
the largest, finest
and most elaborate d
selection of
1> ART
GOODS
Vfc h are «vtr carried #c ZO
Deautlful Gifts £J
" from $1.09 up A
Open Evening* /
S.MGump(oM(
L 1130tary,Stmt (A ffl
Colds
La Grippe
Catarrh
Positively cured with Dr. Hal-
pinner's Wonderful Medicine*
j or your money returned. Price,
50c. and $1.00 per bottle. For
sale by all dealers and at office
of Halpruner Medical Mfg. Co.*
I 28 California St., S. F., sent by
[ mail or express. People cured
free of charge from 1 to 4 p. m.
dvisrr DR. JORDAN'S orcat J
Museum of anatomy?
V 6^ K51 XASXlTR.fcrt. •&*?&. 8.r.Ct2. 4
\ M( The L * r J mt A««o«ieal Muuuai in the \
0 JgWl Spccu;i« on tha Cout Est. 36 jur*. 0
1 jggf { CR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF KEN A
\li 3tt#9 Co"""**- fr« "d «»fct!T prfT«tf. \
V I JV"K H Tr«imieni prnoittlly or br letter. A Q
I T I f W ■ /*•«*•• CW. In every eu« undertaken. ▼
i u r J II r? w nt»for Book, pui.anorav *r A
T I * BAItltlAeK. MAIT.XD fK&K. ( A /
n tt I* »»iu»ble tMok for mrs) \
i V JDB. JUBDAK * CO.. 1081 Mark«tSt.S. F Y
• ' ' '
Always. Remember the Fpll Jfyno
jl &XQuVS HTOHIO fjtTlTUTlQ
Cores • Cold in One Day, Cr^ra 2 Days
XL** S*- JZsyirtW*.^ feox. 25c
STATEMENT
Oy 'l'MJC
j CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
! —OF THE
PELICAN ASSURANCE
\ COMPANY
f\ F NEW TORK. IN. THE STATEf OT NEW
v Tork. oa th« 31«t day of December. A. D.
1003. and for the year ending oa that day. a*
made to the Insurance, Commissioner of *ta«
State of California, pursuant to tha provision!
( of sections 610 and «U of the Political Cod*.
. condensed as per blank furnlihed by the Com'
i mlssioner.
j CAPITA!*
Amount of Capital Stock, paid aa
i ta c** 8 • • goo.ooooe
ASSETS. . ~ "
■ Cash Market Value of all Stocks
| and Bonds owned by Company. .$437, 608 55
Cash In Bank* 18.22H 33
Interest due and. accrued on ail
Stocks and Loans 4.091 93
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion : 23.400 U
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid.. 3 73
Total Assets HjB.329 70
LIABILITIES. ~~~ ~*
Losses adjusted and unpaid j 0 1(H m
Losses In orocess of Adjustment or
In Suspense 17 830 4a
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 500 oa
Gross Premiums on Fire Risks run-
nln» one year or less. $232,967 10;
reinsurance 50 per cent 118 4« 53
1 Orcss Premiums on Fire Risks rua- "
ntng more than one year. |97..
'311 63; reinsurance pro rata &i xv* it
All other Liabilities 9# '|^ <£
Total Liabilities $204. U2 ft«
INCOME. J
Net cash actually received for Fire
Premiums ••..I^SSMin
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bunds. Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources 12.744 34
. *' Total Income $2S2.330 38
. EXPENDITURES*
Net amount paid for Flro Losses
(including $23,808 17. losses of
previous years) • SllO v>7 ti
Paid ;r allowed for Commission or '
Brokerage :.... 72.4B5 n
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for of fleers, clerks, etc.. 24.7S.T rr
Paid .for State. NaUonal and Local Zl
Taxes ;.. 9 lta 71
All other payments and expenditures 1^004 01
Total Expenditure* .$282,873 90
Losses Incurred during; the year. ...$143,704 OS
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks '
1 written durinc the
NeTamount-of Riski |403 '*» OT
expired durtnz- the
Ne y t"VmoMAr,Vforc4 29>T32 - 21S '«*««
December 31. 1903 31.238.95g 330.278 83
A. D. IRVINQ. President.
- . LOUI3 P- BATARD. s4£ury.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this
S7th day of January. 1904.
GEO. a RUGER. Notary Publla.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.
200 PINE STREET,
SAX FUAXCISCO, CAJ.
W.IRVIRG, General Agent.
R. 6ULEG03, Assistant Gansral Agsnt.
IA/. T.HESS,
Hotary Publla w3 Attorn *r-*t-£tiw.
Tenth Floor. Kocm 1«3, Ckui Sprcckeis »>*-
TeleohoB* Main 883.
• ,• Residence. 1902 McAllister at.
Residence Telephone Pa*e W4l.JEERS GREET
THE PREMIER
Renewed Disorder in the
Lower House of the
Hungarian Parliament
SITTINGS SUSPENDED
Because of Obstruction an
Appeal to the Country
May Shortlv Be Made
BUDAPEST. Dec. 15.— The Parlia
mentary truce has been short-lived.
The session of the lower house of the
Hungarian Parliament to-day wit
nessed a. repetition of the turbulence
that has marked most of the recent sit
tings. The members of the opposition
emphatically declined to recognize the
new rules of procedure, and greeted
Premier Tisza's attempts to speak with
euch a Btorm of invective and other
noisy Interruptions that the. sitting had
to be suspended repeatedly.
Francis Kossuth and Count Apponyi
denounced the new rules as "violations
of all parliamentary usage," adding
tnat "they mf£bt as well throw the
■w hole constitution to the winds as rec
ognize the new rules."
When Premier Tisza rose to reply the
uproar broke out. Count Andrassy,
Francis Kossuth and others urged their
followers to listen to the Premier, but
their «tforts had little effect. The Dep
uties rushed across the floor in great
diFor/Jer. amid which a Liberal Deputy
Vis heard to shout:
"Obstruction must be driven out with
whips."
Tells of rage greeted the threat and
continued until the Vice President sus
pended the sitting.
Shortly after the resumption the sit
ting had to be again suspended owing
to a renewal of the tumult. At a third
attempt to continue business the Gov
ernment, by a majority of 76. managed
to carry a motion summoning Deputy
LecgraJ to appear before the Committee
on Privi leges for disorderly conduct in
the bouse, but when Premier Tisza
again rose to speak he was once more
howled down, the opposition informing
the Premier that he would not be al
lowed to speak until the new rules were
withdrawn.
A conference between the Liberal
members of Parliament and Premier
Tisza discussed the situation. It was
decided that if the opposition contin
ued its obstruction tactics an appeal
would shortly be taken to the country.
CaJifornians in New York.
NEW YORK, Dec. 15. — The follow
ing Califomians are in New York:
From San Francisco — M. Alexander,
at the Marlborough; B. Blumau, at
the Hoffman; J. P. Eppinger, at the
Herald Square; L. W. Knight, at the
Eaxlington; L, E. Le\-i and Mrs. R.
Kgel. at the Hoffman; C. B. Munger,
at the Grand Union; J. P. McGlrr, at
the Sinclair; Dr. C. Richter. at the
Holland; Miss C Robinson and Mrs.
P. Robinson, at the Imperial; H. P.
Sontag, at the St. Andrews, and H. W.
"Wf-stphal, at the Cumberland.
MORE NEWS OF
REMOVAL SALE OF
POMMER-EILERS
Here's the Solution of the Xmas Gift Question
—It Can Be Settled Quickly, and to
Everyone's Satisfaction
CHOICE NEW HIGHEST GRADE
PIANOS AT ENORMOUS
REDUCTIONS.
Many Are Being Sold at Half Their Real Values-
Deckers and Kimballs, and Hazeltons and Stein
ways and Knabes, at Most Extraordinary
Reductions for Cash or on Very
Easy Payments.
For the benefit of those who can not conveniently call during the day we are
now keeping our salesrooms open <?very evening until ten o'clock. Our stores are
perfectly lighted, and besides, we are not quite so rushed during the evening and
ran giv*» most careful attention to particular buyers, who may have some special
requirements to meet in the way of tone, touch or case design and finish
Our stock is still practically complete, with the exception of one or two of
thf medium priced and cheaper styles. The choicest and most costlv of Kim
bans and Dockers and Hazeltons are here in this sale, the very finest of styles
that we have ever shown. •*
Notwithstanding the merciless price-cuttlnr. during this Removal Sale on
*v*ry Instrument In this stock, we. as dealers, guarantee every piano and or'"-an
ar.d also furnish the respective manufacturer's warranty, thus securing a nur
cbaser doubly in every respect. . . ,
Several of the World's Fair premium styles of the now famous Kimball are
Ftill left for discriminating buyers demanding the very best. Here ar» some of
the most beautiful largest size genuine Decker uprights, in fancy mahogany and
Errlish mottled walnut, and in most elaborate of hand-carved cases, as well n«
in the choicest of plain Colonial designs. "
Herp are nne. brand-new pianos, in moderately plain cases, worth $275. $350
and up to $400; instruments that can not be sold regularly by anv established
dealer or &jrpncy for less than those figures. Our sale prices on these are now
S14C. S137. S163. $194 and up to S247.
"J>rms: $la to $35 cash, and $5, S3, S7 to 810 monthly, or all cash if you like
Then there are most elegant cabinet grand uprights, of various highest
trade makes, in most handsomely carved cases., Ordinarily $500, $550 and even
$600 v.ould have to be asked for such fine Instruments. Our sale prices on these
raRge from S2&S, 8318 and up to S356. Terms: 815 to S25 cash, and payments of
88. CIO or S12 monthly buys them.
For 2210, on terms of as little as. $7 a month", you can now secure, during
this sale, choice of seven of the finest of cabinet grand upright pianos, in finest
of genuine mahogany, quarter-sawed English oak. or mottled walnut cases, such
as you would ordinarily be expected to pay at least $350, for at any reputable
dealer s. ...•,. .-,«•■
Othr-r less elaborate styles are now 8123 and 8146. ':■-& - -
Do not overlook our parlor and church organs. Two elegant Kimball parlor
organs; take choice of either one for $60. Other makes, 842 to, 857, according to
works, style and design. . . . • . r ;.
Payments of 85 to $8 down and 83 or $4 monthly. ;:-;;---
Several elegant piano-cased organs, full seven octave keyboards, the latest
in highest-grade parlor organs, at exactly half their retail price. . ...
Two very fine regular $250 styles of self -playing organs — accompanied with
S2S worth of choice music — go now for 8100 each, -.*. .-••■■■ . . .
.Piano stools, piano scarfs, make excellent Xmas- remembrances.. See the
beautiful sample piano scarfs, all for sale at removal sale prices.
'it Ar* r ave he re P ut *tIon of carrying the. very finest goods in this line on
Don't you want tosecure an extraordinary bargain in a piano player? . If so,
here s your opportunity. . . , . •■ . :
A Pianola, 3136 fused, of course). An Apollo, 8115, elegant oak case. Several
Angelus. old style. $84 and S9«— one of later design. 8135. ' - ;
ti er ti O «iJT r >,^ 1 iSS Bf K tl^ ple / and «* dds and ends, all in good condition, and
all accompanied by 830 worth of music, at your own price. ' - .
«<«» «^" ar w^ii^-f\^^ ?£" ? se , oa * of the«e remaining' three fine • square
pianos? Well let you do the buying and selling. both, that is to say. you can
put your own price on them and pay as suits you best - -
We mean business here— everything is to'be sold outat once— this store will
be wrecked with the rest of the building, to make room' for a beautiful most
modern structure, involving an investment of probably two and a half millions
of dollars. XV e sold our lease and must get' out- at once
Pommer-EU*rs Music Company.. California's busiest, biggest and best piano
dealers. 653 Market street, off Third, between the Palace Hotel and the Examiner
Buuuing. i
BOMBS TO WIN
THE IDEAL LIFE
Assassin of Von Plehwe
Explains Socialist Revo
lutionary Party's Mission
DOOM OF PERSECUTORS
By Exterminating Them It
Is Hoped to Pave Way
to Altruistic Existence
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 15. — From
the lips of a high personage who at
tended the trial of Sasoneff, the as
sassin of- Minister of the Interior von
Plehwe, the press is enabled to give
the substance of the prisoner's speech,
in which he strove to justify his act.
Sasoneff spoke calmly and eloquently,
explaining the aims and objects of his
Socialist revolutionary party.
The reason for Von Plehwe's mur
der, the prisoner said, was his own
biography. Sasoneff told how he
joined the party and committed the
crime* He declared that the Socialist
revolutionary party did not contem
plate a forcible destruction of autoc
racy, realizing the impossibility of
such a task without the aid of an
army. .
The Socialist revolutionary party.
Sasoneff said, was entirely different
from the party of the "national will,"
which slew Emperor Alexander II.
This latter party was engaged in a
desperate duel with the autocracy, in
which to annihilate was the sole aim
and object. The Socialist revolution
ary party was a peaseful propaganda
to show the evils of autocracy and
gradually inculcate the principles of
Socialism among all classes of the na
tion, realizing, however, that the at
tainment of a perfect Socialistic state
was so remote that "by the time it Js
reached Russia, autocracy will be
obliterated from the face of the globe."
This peaceful and idealistic mission
encountered the ruthless opposition of
certain Ministers, such as Bogoliepoff ,
Minister of Public Instruction (who
was shot on January 27, 1901, and died
on March 13 of the same year), and
Sipiaguine, Minister of the Interior (as
sassinated on April 15, 1902). and no
tably Von Plehwe, who made a busi
ness of hunting down apostles oi
Socialism. The party was compelled
to defend Itself and this gave rise to
a fighting organization whose members
are pledged to exterminate persecutors.
Sasoneff closed with a declaration
that no power on earth was able to
stop the spread of the human ideals of
the Socialist revolutionary party, whose
work was carried on by thousands of
willing hands throughout the length
and breadth of the empire.
BREAKS LEG IN FALL.— Berkeley, Dec.
15. — L. A, Page, a carpenter, while at work
on a new building on Hopkins street. In Pe
ralta Park, fell twelve feet to the ground,
this afternoon, striking on a pile of lumber
and fracturlnr his left leg: above the ankle.
He was taken to the residence of Myron Whlt
aker, 126S Fourth avenue, in East Oakland,
where his Injury was dressed by Dr. E. R.
Sill.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, ; DECEMBER lij. 1904.
FAVORS PLANS
OF FEDERATION
President Expresses Views
on the Labor Problems in a
Letter to Samuel Gompers
PEAISES MARK HANNA
Executive Places Stamp of
Approval on Movement to
Develop New Conditions
NEW YORK, Dec. 15.— The creation
of an International body based on the
National Civic Federation as it exists
at present in this country was forecast
ed by Ralph M. Easley, chairman of
the executive committee, in a report to
the national executive committee of the
National Civic Federation at. the annual
meeting in this city to-day. The meet
ing of the committee was executive,
and Samuel Gompers, president of the
American Federation of Labor, pre
sided. Andrew Carnegie was present.
The following letter from President
Roosevelt to First Vice President Sam
uel Gompers was read to the members
of the federation:
■WHITE HOUSE. WASHINGTON. I>c 14,
IPO*.— My Dear Sir: I greatly regret that my
duties here do not admit my attending the an
nual meeting of the National Civic Federa
tion, which will be held In New York City
on the 15th inst. But although j 1 cannot take
part In the conference or be present at dinner
therewith.- I am sure you understand that 1
am In hearty accord and sympathy with the
puri<osts of the National Civic Federation la
its efforts fcr the establishment of more
rtrhtful relations between employers and em
ployes. It Is a movement sco praiseworthy and
bo thoroughly American In conception that it
Ehculd as a matter ot course receive the
earnest support of all good citizens who
awake to the vital needs of our nation.
Views upi>n economic and sociological prob
lems often differ. There ca.n bo, however, no
division cf opinion that the highent aim of all
should b« toward establishing, on an ever
clorer basis . of mutual respect and friendship,
the relations between employers and workmen.
The men associated ' in the National Civic
Federation have already done much in the di
rection of settling labor difficulties on a basis
of conciliation and just dealings. ' Among
those must prominent in this work and largely
and intimately associated with all your work
was the late Marcus A. Hanna. Senator from
Ohio, president of the National Civic Federa
tion, a large employer of labor, a man of ex
traordinary force of character and great men-
I tal strength, who devoted much of his time
! and efforts to the material Improvement of tha
j wace earners, not only without injury to em
ployers, but to their marked benefit, as well
as to the benefits of the people generally.
You are about to elect a president to fill
the vacancy caused by his death, and I am
sure your wise Judgment will enable you to
choose some man able to carry on In his spirit
and with his power the great work of your
association.
Arain permit me to assure you of my en-
I tire sympathy with your organization, which
! h*is done so much, and which, if rightfully
' conducted, will, I am confident, achieve so
. much more in the Interests of the people of
• our common country- ' ■*
August Belmont was to-niffht elect
! ed president of trie federation, to suc
ceed the late Senator Hanna. The
other officers chosen were: First vice
j president, Samuel Gompers; second
I vice president, Oscar S. Straus; chair
' man of the ways and means commit
i tee, Henry Phipps; treasurer. Charles
j A. Moore; chairman welfare depart
! ment, H. H. Vreeland; chairman
trade committee, Francis L. Robbins
and John Mitchell: , chairman execu
{ tive council. Ralph M.- Easley; sec
retary, "Samuel B. jDonnelly.
PEUSOXALV
Dr. E. T. Wilsc-n, U. S. A., is at the
Grand.
Dr. Musgrave of Hanford Is staying
at the Grand.
Attorney de Witt Clary of Stockton is
at the Lick. -
Capitalist F. A. Hihn of Santa Cruz
is at the Palace.^ .
J. A. Finch an'Grwife of Spokane are
at the St. Francis.
Rev. J. F. Qulnn of Sacramento is a
guest at the St. Francis.
j George L. Hoxle, a prominent Fresno
lumberman, is staying at the Lick.
Professor W. W. Campbell of the
Lick Observatory is at the St. Francis.
. S. C. Cromwell, a capitalist of Yreka,
is among" the latest arrivals at the
Grand. »
Margaret Routledge of Detroit, a
missionary to China, is at the Occi
dental.
! Mr. and Mrs. Parker Whitney and
I their infant son are registered at the
St. Francis.
James F. Morley, the "well-known
baseball manager of Los Anseles. is at
the St. Francis.
L. L. Patrick, one of the leading min
ing metj of Tonopah, arrived at the
Palace yesterday.
John A. Cranston, head of a big elec
tric concern of Portland, and his wife
arc at the Palace.
! H. E. Adams, who is connected with
I the gas works at Stockton, and his wife
are guests at the Grand.
T. M. Word. Sheriff of Multnomah
County, Ore., Is down from Portland
and registered aX the St. Francis.
Fred Bouillon, proprietor of the St.
James Hotel of Men t real, who is mak
ing a tour of this coast, is at the!
Palace.
A. G. Wells, general manager, of the
Santa Fe road, arrived from Los An
geles yesterday and is *t 'the Palace.
.He is here on a regular Inspection trip.
H. J. Robinson, a well-known West
ern mining man. and his. wife, who
have been visiting Manila, returned
yesterday and are registered at the
Palace.
Captain Charles T. Boyd, former mili
tary instructor of the .Nevada State
University, who has been in Manchuria
watching, the operations of the Japan
ese army, returned yesterday and Is at
the Occidental.
J. Ross Clark, vice-president of the
San Pedro, Los Angeles and Salt Lake
road; Mrs. Clark and their son-in-law
and daughter, .Mr. and Mrs. 'Henry
Carleum Lee, who were recently mar
ried in Los Angeles, were arnons: yes
terday's arrivals at the > Palace.
Christmas Clocks and . Candlesticks.
Get onft of bur clocks, the quaint gold
en ones that every, one wants,' or. a gold
candlestick. Jewel case or ink stand for a
nice and not expensive. Christmas present.
Open evenings.. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741
Market street, . . ',. > ' ~ . :: " •
\ TO ADTORTISERS:
,. Owing to .the large,
amount of work incident to
the issue of THE , CALL
H.OLID A Y EDITION,
Sunday; dec: is, no
D I SP LAY ADVERTISE
ING copy will be accepted
for that edition .after ,6
P. M. Saturday, and ' NO'
CLASSIFIED Ads' afte^ :9
GET COPY ; IN
... \:\ EARLY. s : ..;,
'■''-'- ADVERTISEMENTS. \ "_J
.g, I A WHOLE BOX OF THEM j Christmas J I
j j^^^\. \ n d people are guessing how many are in the box. «
a \gm^SL;-Jj^}L) ' The box is in the window. The ten nearest guessers will each re- »
f '"^^^^^^^y^HBfc ceive' a $40.00 Victor Talking Machine, which discourses the prettiest 8
& ,sort of music' Many a dull winter night will be enlivened in ten homes 5
if I | with rag time, classical and popular songs of the day. J
I * ' WILL YOU TRY YOW HAND AT GUESSING? |
I Specials... I
,j£si*?-> From the Boys' Favorite Store, for FRIDAY and SATURDAY I
I Boys' Sweater Specials $ 3.45 .St/ . ' ' W^ M f
Some .^oo Boys' Sweaters that were $1.50 M " :'■'/: H W«ffi*Z \ w&Kl a
and $«.2.s each. We have bunched the whole ' ''.'..;' ) W:^i S
lot and you can take your pick of any of ' - v • - • t f^ws * V
— tliem to-day and Saturday at 7 V I WWi *mK If
f Boys' Sweater Special No. 2 1^^ fef w*\ i
flf We bunch together some 350 odd sweaters \ «i. |f ' fi£ r^Stv ft
that were ?2.25 and $2.00 — all colors, which \~*«J, ' M§ " VcS^I fl
W ' -alpl^ Swagger I^HE^ , xr .. n - u f
§ m^f Overcoat M|^W^ 'Varsity Built |
I--^fe^^ : Fflshi On . : fi|^^^P-' ' Young men' have gone into f
fo-^w^A A swagger Over- '^ : L^M^r^m' raptures over our new buiit suit 1
M8£f$&: i 7:¥f$ii5 coat Fashion is UiF ; #gi WMsi ' : fnr thpm thp 'V^rcit\/ 9itit If S
.ma&V&M: shown in our picture ' W^l®! «ffl|.. . I ■ l T ?l^ VarSltV.bUlt. It f
!Wm$ ¥$*&. opposite, it is a new W^Hlli " as at swagger college air, |
Wm^Jr^-i December model of KiMl'S full of dash, and swaggerness in f
'hade of nLv 1^ &m Wm beautiful Scotches ' an d also in f
!t|^^E2^ oxford Gray," and in our Government Tested Serge f
mmWzm, ■ the P 0 , sit j vel y / we 1 11 - IS %Wa and in the dressy Black Thibet, f
Kill. fea S s a o de n, 0 cinna- Wi 11 Positively $15.00 values for I
f&^W"- : ■ '■ : ' : - : "^ mon Brown ' to fit yW§ UWl young men between the ages of ?
i^&W $*?£& s from 2^ -dm 'ffiw-.' , 14 and 19 years that will be on I
W m^ tC>A }^ive $5.00' )W 'W$ special sale"this Friday and Sat- |
!Sk -^^ $^ o ' — —^— ' $ I O dCi ?? f
[ 7 * <^ 0<:^^^S^ :::::::: l' ::::^>v BOYS' GOLF CAP ' I
J Friday and Saturday _ 50 dozen J^^^k Some two hundred dozen Boys' <f
Jz& that have sold up to Si.'oo, some \^y\ vSft .'"t/>»>^»T'» f , _ , . sa f T m , our |P*
W* $1.2^; sizes 13, 13% and 14. Your ji WIOM SQOUE m. hat department, iu prettv Scotches, fb|
pick of any of them at.. CT/\— *■%• .« * a *--— • ■ J*. ■''■'■■' latest -winter block, for
\^l •••; " OK}C O The Home of the Overcoat o Vrid *y and Satu7d^ at - uc |^/
PROTRACTED SICKNESS MADE .
. T. J.'FEEXEY TIREOF LIFE
Man Found on Porch of, Thomas
Christnl's Home Undoubtedly
Committed Suicide.
The police hnve made an investi
gation of the death of T. J. Feeney,
the man who was found sorely
wounded on the porch of the home
of Thomas Christal. 4 26 Twenty-sev
enth street, Wednesday night. In the
opinion of the detectives- Feeney
came to his death from wounds^self
inllicted nnd there] is nothing to show
that he was -the victim of foul play,
as was at first suspected.
Feeney.who has been an Inmate of
the Alameda ; County Hospital for
some time, left- that institution last
Tuesday ( to make a trip to this .city.
He had been suffering for years from
ii complication of. physical . ailments.
When' next.heard from the' man 1 was
in the City, and ; County Hospital of
San Francisco.-"' . f ; , *
' Chrlstal says he heard an unusual
sound at his front door at 8: 30] o'clock
Wednesday ;•/■ night. On investigation
he' found Feeney lying across the
porch with a Bullet wound in his liead.
A pistol - was- at- his ., slde....;lChristal
then summoned: Policeman - Jewel
and the "sufferer was removed, to the
City and County Hospital, where Dr.
Hart examined his' hurts.- There were
several slight- cuts about the heart of
the patient, "but they- :had evidently
been made -several days previous, and
had been dressed by a surgeon. The
'patient 'died; in, an : hour after being
placed 7 on ;the':operating, table. S
i Hugh McLaughlin, a friend; of Fee
ney, ; identified ., the ; remains;'- at 'the
Morgue. TFeeney.'j he said," was at on6
time. a ; bartender "and T fairly; prosper^
ousJ": • Sickness V brought ' poverty* 'and
despair. Deceased, said McLaughlin,
.was , poor, and "despondent ■ and> unf
doubtedly> took his own life. He j has
relatives in Oakland.. He was 4 8 years
of ; aeeJ : ". :>;v;/-^ ■■.--
ItlCHARDS; MEDICAL STATE
TO BE INQUIRED 1 INTO
Siiecialv Medical Board of Army Of
ficer's Appointed to Examine
Young Lieutenant.
. The case of Lieutenant George S.
Richards • Jr..* from present appear
ances,; seems to be an interminable
one. He was tried by a court-mar
tial at % the Presidio for duplicating his
pay accounts and was acquitted on the
ground of f insanity. Great pressure
was brought to bear before this court
martial by G. S. Richards Sr.. father
of the accused and one of the mag
nates of the Standard Oil Company.
Now. Lieutenant Richards is to be call
ed up next Monday/before a medical
board to be examined regarding his
sanity. 1 If the board finds that Rich
ards Is sane then he must go before
another court-martial.
.Army? circles here are much' inter
ested fin J : the outcome of this 'case,
which j has occupied | the attention of
the court-martial for over six months.
.Among those registering at the de
partment, headquarters yesterday were:
Lieutenant Colonel Harold | C. - Fiske.
Engineer' Corps, .awaiting; orders, and
staying , at the: Occidental: Lieutenant
Charles^T. Leeds, Engineer Corps,
awaiting /orders; Captain Amos H.
Martin, -Fourteenth -.Infantry.; at the
Occidental; Lieutenant Colonel . C. W.
Mason; ; Twenty-ninth : Infantry, at { the
Occidental; Major E. E. ; Hatch, > Twen
ty-fifth Infantry, at . the Occidental;
Captain »;W. J. Glasgow, Thirteenth
Cavalry, i at the Occidental, and , As
sistant-Surgeon M. A. de Laney.>
Smusxled Goods to Be Sold.
A-^ large, collection of Orlenta'l silks,
embroideries -and other, articles of
ve rtu, j seized by ■ the , Collector . of - Cus
toms T 'in the batjjgage of. Mrr.r. Fannie
A.' Boettcher. and Nellie B.McMurtrie
of Denver.Ywill-be sold by auction next
month^by the United States
on i the . order of the United States . Dis-
trict Court. The articles were seized
because the women named had failed
t'» mention the goods in their declara
tion, of dutiable articles. The women
were fined about $7000 by the Collec
tor and the goods ordered sold for the
benefit of the Government.
An Evening of Comedy.
An evening of . comedy was enjoyed
BEAUTIFUL PRESENTS
AT MODERATE PRICES
PROMPT ATTENTI OX
f;INTEIXIGENTLY GIVEN
T O ALL P ATROXS
SHREVE! & COMPANY
POST AND MARKET STS.
JEWELERS
r siLyERs^nTHs
OPEN EVENINGS DECEMBER
• IOTH'tO J24TH
at the South Park Settlement last
night, three very clever little farces
being presented by pupils of the Paul
Geraon School of Acting. Among thess
was on original one-act farce by Miss
Edna Waymire. daughter of ex-Judge
Waymire. It ig entitled "Our Rela
tions" and its catchy lines, clever wit
ticisms and ludicrous situations kept
the audience in merry mood.
56
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
LONGING FOR FOOTLIGHTS
MAKES GIRL A THIEF.
OCTOROON STEALS FINE WARDROBE
Desire to Star Lands ,Pre-t|^N|llie St. Clair in Jail
LAWYER TELLS
ABOUT BIG FEE
Frederick Bussell Explains
Why He Demanded Half
His Client's Inheritance
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
• 1016 Broadway, Dec 15.
Attorney Frederick Russell spent an
uncomfortable half-day this afternoon
explaining to Judge Melvin how he
came to ask Mrs. Jennie de Soza and
her husband a fee of one-half for col
lecting an inheritance valued at 511,148.
They are now suing to have set aside
the contract wherjsby they agreed to
pay him such a sum, and he was sub
jected to a severe cross-examination, by
Attorney Charles Peery of San Fran
cisco in regard to the circumstances
surrounding the signing of the. docu
ment. ■ ■ • . . , '
Russell eaJd that he did not consider
it too much, because the girl could not
get the money until her grandmother,
Mrs. Catherine Griffin, died. The old
lady's time In this world could not be
foretold. He acknowledged that he sent
a trusted messenger to Guerneville, in
Sonoma County, to get a report on the
old lady's state of health, and found
that she was losing her memory fasc
and kept repeating things. And she
died shortly afterward.
It transpired that when Mrs. de Soza
signed the first contract she was in. the
County Jail. This was before she had
become of age, and afterward she
Eigned another one when - she had
reached her majority. The second eon
tract was altered somewhat and gave
Russell not only half of the estate, but
his charges for other services. For this
work he was to act as their attorney
and kelp get the money and advance
them Eums, and did advance them all
told $260, but the amount to be ad
vanced was left entirely In his discre
tion. He said he told them once that
he did not want their business, and
then acknowledged that he refused
52000 to release them from their bar
gain.
The testimony was completed with
his evidence and the case ha* gone over
to January 7 for argument.
WILL OF THE LATE ARTHUR
RING FILED FOR PROBATE
He Leaves a $1,000,000. Estate to Be
Divided Between His Widow
and Son.
OAKLAND. Dec. 15. — By the will
of the late Arthur C. King, a wealthy
lumber merchant of San Francisco
and Chicago, who resided at Berkeley,
his widow and son are left an estate
valued at $1, 000,000 to be divided
equally between them. Arthur K.
Kingr, the son. who is 27 year* of age,
is named as executor with his mother.
The estate consists mostly of stocks
and mortgages.
Disinheriting her eldest son, the
late Sarah B. Averell, In her will filed
fcr probate to-day, leaves an estate
valued at upward of $10,000, to bt
divided among seven of her children.
She says they helped her to keep the
property together, while her eldest
eon did not.
The will of the late Mary Flynn was
filed for probate to-day. She leaves
the major part of a $3000 estate to
be divided between two of her sons
and leaves Joseph, the third son,
$100.
SHELLAC FIRE SHOWN
• TO BE EXTINGUISHABLE
Nicbans Bros. Combat Contra Costa
Water Company's Claim That Wa
ter Would Not Hare Saved Mill.
OAKLAND, Dec. 15. — In the hear
ing of tUe suit of Xiehaus Bros. Com
pany of Berkeley against the Contra
Costa Water Company for $146,000
because the plaintiffs' mill was'"de
stroyed by flre owing to a lack of wa
ter in the pip4s, a demonstration of
the Inflammability of shellac was made
in court to-day. A small amount of it
was set on flre and a little water soon
subdued the flames.
The claim is made by the water
company that owing to the presence
of shellac and other such material the
mill could not have been saved with
any amount of water. It was In order
to combat this statement that Isadore
Wolff, a Berkeley chemist, set fire to
the shellac and then showed how
easily it could- be put out
Two Former Policemen Found.
OAKLAND, Dec. IS. — Former Po~
licemen L. E.' Andrews and C. W.
Hamerton were subpenaed to-day to
appear in the Police Court to-morrow
at the hearing on Chief Hodgkins' af
fidavits making charges of burglary
Former Sergeant of Police Clark and
Policeman Stahl have' left' the city.
The hearing will apply to them as
well as the other men. '
ADVERTISEMENTS.'
Why
Don't you give your heart the ■' same
chance you do the other organs?,, 1
Why? Because when any other' organ
is in trouble It refuses to work, and you
hasten to repair it. * - - »-■
The heart, the - ever faithful servant,
never refuses as long as it has power to
move, but continues to do the best it'ean,
getting weaker and weaker, until it is
past repair, and then stops. It is just as
sick as the other organs, but because it
will work you let it. ■
However, it's not too late for a "change
of heart," eo remember
Dr. Miles' Heart* Cure
will give your heart strength and vitality
to overcome Dizziness. Palpitation. Short
Breath. Faint Spells. Pains in Heart and
Bide, and all other Heart aches and diffi-
culties, -r- :
"My heart would'**achV*ai>d * palpitate
terribly, and at times I could - hardly
breathe. Dr. Miles' Heart Cure has re-
Ftor?d me to perfect health, and I am
- tv grateful."— Mmtmmmmum
MISS EMMA J. BARTCttw
No. 1 Sill street Watertown, N. Y..
The first bottle will benefit, if not, the
druggist will return your money. -
Oakland Office San Francisco, Call.
1016 Broadway. . Dec ; 15.
Tempted by the gjitter and glamour
of the footlights, Nellie 1 St. Clalr. a
pretty octoroon, became a thief to get
the outfit with which to make her debut
in the world of comedy. Unfortunately
for this stage-struck young woman, her
plans went awry. Instead of realizing
her dearest ambition Miss St. Clair has
landed in the hands of the police., The
comely priBoner has confessed to the
theft of a trunkful of finery from the
City of Paris store, San. Francisco. The
detectives have : recovered all of the
■tolen apparel.
Miss St. Clair was discriminating: in
the selection of her wardrobe. She
headed the list with a tailor-made suit,
valued at $70. To match that swasreer
garment she took a modish hat. tick
eted $25. Then she selected a black
velvet dress pattern and added a lone
string of dainty bits of woman's wear
and use, including: silk dress patterns,
handkerchiefs,, toilet articles, under
wear and perfumes.
Miss St. Clair's fatal error was in
waiting too long after she had pro
cured the valuable outfit before leaving
the city. Her # plan of operations was
clever enough." A few weeks ago the
young woman was engaged as -lady's
maid at the residence of W. E, Howe.
115 Athol avenue. While there she
learned, that the Howes had an account
at the City of Paris. Armed with that
knowledge she visited the store one day
and selected the goods, which were
promptly sent to the Howe home. Miss
St. Clair received the outfit and shortly
afterward left the Howes''emDloy.pre
parlng to abandon the prosaic Held of
domestic activities for the thrill of an
actress' life. ■ , V .
When the bill was presented to the
Howes they disclaimed all knowledge
of the transaction. Th» City of ISpris
people sent for the police.
But Miss St. Clair's histrionic ambi
tion got her into more trouble. She re
quired some dressmaking done. The
easiest way to meet that situation
without drawing on her meager finan
cial resources was to get a sewing ma
chine and go to work. She did get the
machine, but in such a devious way
that E. L. Sargent, the agent, caused
herarrest. It was while sentence of ten
days' imprisonment was being imposed
this, morning upon the girl by Police
Judge Samuels that the transaction in
dry goods came to light through Inves
tigation of an inquiry from the San
Francisco police.
"I. was a fool," said the girl, when
she had told the police whe're Xo find the
stuff. "After I left home in tCew York
I got, engagements in vaudeville, and I
wanted to continue, but I needed an
outfit, and this is what happened."
Miss St. Clair said she had been mar
ried to William H. Taylor in New York.
She had lived in Oakland only & few
months before her arrest.
OLDEST. PIOXEEK GOES
ACROSS GREAT DIVIDE
James Payne Smith, Who Reached
the Ag© • of Xinetv-Fonr, Dies .
' In Alameda. £*■•<"'*
ALAMEDA, Dec. 15.— James Payne
Smith, who was found yesterday in a
helpless condition on the porch of his
cottage at 1616 Railroad avenue, passed
away last night from oedema of the
lungs and shock sustained by a fall in
which his scalp .was lacerated. Smith
was 94 years of age and the oldest
member of the California Society of
Pioneres.* His physical and mental en
ergy were remarkable '■ for one of his
years, and. his last words to his attend
ing physician were, "Whatever you do,
doctor, don't say after I am gone that
I died of old age. I have always cared
for myself, but there is something on
my lungs that is strangling me now."
Smith was a widower, his wife hav
ing died two years ago. He was a na
tive of Durham, England, and came to
California in 1848. He was engaged in
mining for many yearsi' and was at one
time Postmaster at Elko, Nev. He is
surVlved by a son, J. B. Smith of this
city.
BOY'S ARM MANGLED BY ,
EXPLOSION -OF SHOTGUN
Lorenzo Harrison of West Berkeley
Meets Wltti Painful Accident
While Out Hunting:.
BERKELEY, Dec. 15.— With his arm
torn and mangled by the explosion of a
shotgun, Lorenzo Harrison, a 16-year
old boy. residing with his parents at
1521 Fifth street. West Berkeley, lay
bleeding in the bottom of a rowboat
for nearly thirty minutes, while his
companion, Rosen Johnson, rowed • to
the shore. The accident happened last
Sunday while the boys were out hunt-
Ing geese near Stege. The gun explod
ed, tearing Harrison's left arm and sev
ering an artery. "He will recover. ; .
BRIEF OAKLAND, NEWS
PUBLIC LIBRARY TO CLOSE.— Oakland
Dec. 15. — The Free Public Library will be
closed from December 24 to December 27.
WILL INSPECT CITY HALL WORK.—Oak
land, Deo. 15. — J. Q. White has Seen appointed
Inspector of the repainting of the City Hall.
BOY HELD ON BURGLARY CHARGES —
Oakland. Dee. 18.— Carl Boehle, 16 years old
w&s held for trial on a charge of burglary to
day. • ■ ;■■ ■; ■; ■■-.•..■ ■ ■ •
k BOY MISSING.— Oakland, . Dec. 15.— John
Helleck, 15 years old. the, eon of F. EJ Hel
leck. residing at 1666 Sixteenth street, • has
been missing from home since December 5. .
CALVIN BERRY : LOCATED. —'Berkeley.
Dec. 16.— Calvin Berry, the 20-year-bld son of
Mrs. Mary Berry of 2dH Dana etreet, who left
home a month ago without notifying his rela
tives, thereby leading them to fear that he had
met with foul play, has Informed his people
that he Is at Ecotia, In the employ of the Pa
cific Lumber Company.
BEXEFIT FOR CHOIR.— Oakland, Dec. 15.
The young people of the Fruitvale Congrega
tional Church will give an entertainment to
morrow evening at Armory Hall for the bene
fit of the choir of the church. Among those
who will take part are: E. E. Bryant, Howard
Feely. Daniel Crosby, J. Spencer Riley,- Henry
Fletcher. Mrs. Henry Webster, Mrs, Howard
Seely, Miss Elsie Marwedel and George Steele.
MARRIAGE ! LICENSES.— Oakland," Dec. 13.
The following'marrlare-JIcenses were Issued by
the County Clerk to-day: Henry J. Rogers, 26,
and Bertha Echwesinge, 22, both', of Berkeley;
Frederick W. Hoover, over 21. and Edith M.
Thompson, over 18> both of Oakland; William
C. Hayee. 29. and Carrie Capell, 20, both of
San Francisco; Rey R. Nickerson..2-t. Oakland.
and Sarah, A. Atkins. 17. Healdsburg; Albert
T. . Hughes, 22, -Santa Clara, - and Taza M.
Hughes. 22/ San Jose; William P.' FarrelU V,
and Augusta Warmke, 30, both of San, Fran-
H\ ILJ, CLOSE- TEAR . WITH FREE CON
CERT.—This year'* Friday evening entertain
ment e.t the South Park' Settlement will close
with 'a f ree - eo»e*rt. -■ The programme * is f In
chare e ■■ of the wttlemsnt committee of ' the,,
collese aJumnat.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRID A YJ DECEMBER 16; 1904:
CROSSES BAY
TO WED AGAIN
G. A. Waterbury Defies His
Daughters and Gets a Li
cense in San Francisco
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street. ; Dec. 15.
Supremely indifferent, apparently, to
the fact that his four daughters had
stripped of its furniture the house at
1539 Prince street to which he expect
ed to bring his, brkle to-day, G... A.
Waterbury this afternoon obtained a
license in Sari Francisco to marry, a
second wife, while the girls who scorned
their proposed stepmother waited, in
suspense hero for sensational develop
ments that were expected to occur.
The daughters refused to permit Wat
erbury to enter the house last Tuesday,
because he had threatened, they say, to
put them all out when .he came back
with his new bride from across the
bay. Waterbury chose for his second
wife Mrs. Mary E. Crump of 531 Cas
tro street in San Francisco, and the
girls. resented bitterly her proposed in
trusion. They defied the father to car
ry out his programme of eviction, and
themselves barricaded the place and
kept their parent out in the cold.
Waterbury's house was denuded of all
its furniture last night by neighbors
friendly to the Waterbury girls, and
the stuff was taken to hidden places.
The daughters say it is their property,
but they anticipated trouble when
Waterbpry should return this afternoon
with his bride, as he had promised.
They kept out of sight, finding shelter
in the homes of friends.
Waterbury, however, did not create a
disturbance to-day. He heard of the
loss of the furniture, and apparently is
preparing to spend his honeymoon else
where. He did not appear in court
this morning, to press his charges of
battery against . S. J. Hankins and
Percy Betts, friends of the girls, whose
arrest he caused last night. The bail
money of Hankins and Betts was re
funded, and Hankins announced that
he would have Waterbury arrested on
a charge of malicious prosecution.
MJes May Waterbury explained 'this
morning that her father had left the
family shift for itself for two months,
while he worked in San Francisco, and
supposedly spent his money there, and
that his daughters had taken care of
themselves without his aid. Hence they
resented .the father's announcement
that a new wife was to come in and
rule the place which they considered
their own.
In taking out the license Waterbury
said to "Cupid" Danforth:
"Well, they tried to prevent my
marriage, but I guess I will fool
them."
Waterbury said he would marry
Mrs. Crump at once and expressed his
intention of seeking a minister to
officiate at the ceremony.
RECEIVES A MESSAGE
TELiUXG. OF SUICIDE
Coroner Mehrmann Is Given the Con
fidences of One(\Vho Writes She
Will End Existence. i
OAKLAND, Dec. 15.— Coroner
Mehrmann to-nigbt received through
the mail a letter signed "Grace Bow
ers," 245 G Page street, San Francisco,
which announced the suicide of the
writer. The message was' written on
Palace Hotel stationery, but had been
mailed in Oakland at midnight last
night. The envelope was inscribed
"The ' Coroner, Oakland, Calif. In
haste, personal." The handwriting
was clear, regular and not feminine.
The letter reads as follows:
12-15-04.
To the Coroner: It will be needless to hold
an inquest over my body in the event of Its
recovery, as I can save you the-trouble ' by
saying that death came at my ' calling. . The
purser of the steamer China Isolds certain of
my effects which. I wish given to - Mr.\ Dan
Halifax, 38 McAllister street. 'San Francisco.
What money I have on my person will defray
your expenses and my parents will attend to
the funeral. I was born on tho water, ao that
which gave may now claim It9 own. Pardon
me for putting you to this trouble.
GRACE BOWERS. 2456 Page street/ S." F.'
Deputy Coroner Henry. | Quel len
jsaid to-night the letter -appeared to
his experienced, eye as a hoax, r*
Daniel Halifax of '38
street Is .an actor at the Central'The
ater. . . ? ■ ■': ;,' ■ •■,-;;■ ; ■
"It is apparent that this is a hoax,"
said Halifax last evening. , "I v never
knew a Grace Bowers in^my life.. This
is a joke of some of my friends;'; and
there will be no body found.-' ! >:v •
There is no 2450 Page" street. . The
steamship China is en route: to "-this
port from- Hongkong.; : /•-
PEDESTRIAN FORCES i , • :
FOOTPAD; TO -FLIGHT
Meets Armed Robber, VVlio Speedily
Runs Away When.iHe Gets Stiff
Right Handcr.
OAKLAND, Dec. 15.— M. Bulkeley, re
siding at 541 Albion street, encountered
a lone footpad and drove the highway
man to flight this evening, despite the
fact that the robber had poked a pistol
at Bulkeley until the muzzle was
jammed against his face. * ■
Bulkeley met the footpad on Tele
graph avenue, hear .--■- Twenty^eighth
street,, shortly before 8 o'clock. Instead
of obeying the, command' to throw; up
his" hands, Bulkeley sent a ; stiff right
hander.at his assailant, who suddenly
turned and ran like a deer, disappear
ing, in the darkness.'/,' Bulkeley, reported
the occurrence to«'the police, ;sayipg; he
could have captured'the : rnan-if hei-had
had a cane with him'Vwith ■ which" to
strike '.instead" of his fist. The'- robber
i answers the same- general V description
of the man that: has been 'operating
alone throughout the city., -7
Man's*. Body Found in • Bay.
OAKLAND, Dec. 1 5 .—The ' body ■ of
a white man, nearly^ nude', was found
in San Leandro Bay, near' Jones Land
ing, this morning; by 'James; McCoy.
There were no marks of .violence! '.-The
remains were : taken I to" the Morgue •■ at
Haywards to bei held for identification!;
In the upper jaw in front was a gold
tooth.
MORE DEPUTIES
ARE APPOINTED
peweley to Have liter eased
T BoUce Protection.
Will Order Suspects to Leave
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Dec. 15.
Four new deputy marshals,: ap
pointed by Marshal Kerns to-day, will
to-night begin' their work as patrol
men. They are Walter Brothers, who
will work, in South Berkeley; Alonzo
Johnson, West Samuel I*
Coey.v East | Berkeley, and- Joseph T.
Farrar, North Berkeley. The present
staff of deputies will be used in the
following localities: W. P. Pickett,
South Berkeley; N. W. Carey, West
Berkeley; H.,S.' Howard, East Berke
ley; Reginald Cope, North Berkeley.
This staff of peace officers has re
ceived instructions to keep special
watch for idlers and degenerates, such
ai may have committed the assault
upon the Heft! girls in West .Berkeley \
and Miss . Bertha Condon in North
Berkeley last week. . Suspicious char-
DEATH CHEATED
OF ITS VICTIM
Telephone Lineman Receives
Terrible Shock From Live
Wire and Falls Forty Feet
ALAMBDA, Dec. 15.— Winfleld Kear
ney, a lineman employed by the Pacific
States Telephone Company, received
2300 volts of electric current and top
pled forty feet from a- pole this after
noon and still lives to tell how it all
happened and felt.
With. Lionel Morell, another lineman,
Kearney was engaged in adjusting tele
phone wires at the corner of Park
street and Encinrtf avenue. He had
climbed a pole on which are strung, in
addition to i the telephone wires, the
wires carrying the day current gen
erated at the municipal electric plant.
In stooping over to take hold of a tele
phone wire Kearney's stomach came in
contact with a live wire from the elec
tric plant. In aH instant the lineman
was doubled up and for a second lay
across the dangerous line. Then • his
limp form shot to the ground. Luckily
for Kearney, the earth 'near the base
of the pole was * soft -and sandy.-.
Morell, who -was working .on a pole
near by, observed Kearney's .plight and
immediately went to :hls assistance^
Kearney writhed for a time on the
ground and then sat up. He complained
of a numbness in his abdominal region,
but felt -strong enough to walk. He
was able to go to hi3 home at 2032
Railroad avenue and to-night was little
the wor§e for his thrilling experience.
Speaking of the accident Kearney said:
Although I knew there were live power wires
on the pole and tried to clear them in reach
ing for the telephone wires, I accidentally
thrust my stomach against a live line. Then
I was helpless. I knew I would fall, but was
powerless to assist myself. . If the earth where
1 struck had been hard I should very likely
have been seriously hurt. As It la.' I do not
feel much pain now from my experience, but
I never want to go through the same thing
again.
SISTER OF JUDGE OGDEN
'DIES -VERY SUDDENX.Y
Miss Rosalie B. Miller Passes Away
After an Illness of Only Twenty-
Four Horn's.
OAKLAND, Dec. 15. — Miss Rosalie
P.. Miller, aged 32 years, died sud
denly to-day at the residence of her
brother. Judge F. B. Ogden. Death
was caused by pneumonia. Miss Miller
was attacked by the disease last night
at her residence, 1686 Valdez street,
and was, at Qnce taken to the home of
Judge 'Ogden, where she passed away
to-day. ,
. ,The deceased was a native of Oak
land and' for several years conducted
a kindergarten. Besides her brother
here she leaves a father, mother,
brother and sister, who reside in Los
Angeles. . .
The funeral of Caspar Cramer,
father fit Constable Harry Cramer of
Fruitvale, who died , last Tuesday,
took place from the Fruitvale Congre
gational Church. ' The remains were
interred in Evergreen- Cemetery. "
The funeral of William Newcome,
who died Tuesday at his residence,
1112 Center street, was: held to-day,
the remains, being Incinerated, at the
Oakland Crematory.
SERVICE AT ST. JOHN'S IX
'MEMORY OF FATHER KING
Members of Catholic Ladies' Aid So
ciety Will Attend Funeral of
,. Pastor in a Body. .
OAKLAND, Dec. 15. — Holy euchar
ist will be celebrated at 7:30 a. m. to
morrow at St. John's Episcopal Church
in memory of the Rev. Michael King,
late pastor of the Church of the Im
maculate Conception. For many years
Father King was a close friend of the
late Father Ackerly,. the "founder of
St. John's Church, and when the
church was burned several years ago
Father King at: once tendered the, use
of the parish hall to the congrega
tion. ■ . • '. • . • ■ .. ' . "■ v
The Catholic Ladies'! Aid Society of
Oakland g will attend the funeral 1 of
Father King, which will be held to
morrow morning at' 10 > o'clock from
the Church of the Immaculate Concep
tion. The members will meet at. their
hall at 9:30 a. m. and will attend the
services in a body. ,-. —.
FREE »., v; FREE.
WITH ■
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
A Box of >
RAMONA
CHOCOLATE CHIPS
Or the
RAMONA DOMINOES.
Free With Every Small Ad in
, m \ . Sunday ; Call.
See Small Ad Page for Further
'Particulars.
actera will get short shrift if instruc
tions of the Marshal are obeyed. If
no . evidence connecting them with
criminal acts is found they will be
run out of town.
The Condon case is not to drop with
out further, search for the girl's assail
ant. District Attorney Allen, believ
ing .that Miss Condon's story of the
abduction is true, has detailed Detec
tive Hurbert from his office to work
on the case. Hurbert is an experi
enced detective and his search for the
mysterious offender in the case, begun
to-day in Berkeley, is expected to re
sult in the finding of some traces of
the stranger. Hurbert the
man who assaulted Bertha Condon was
seen loafing around the brewery ; on
San Pablo avenue and about the San
Pablo-avenue school. He is now get
ting descriptions of this man from
children who saw him in the localities
mentioned.
FIX THE FEES
OF ENGINEERS
City Council Will Pay One-
Half the Cost of Investi
gation of Water. Supply
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1016 Broadway, Dec 15.
With a fair indication that the city
will be called updn, under its agree
ment, to, pay at least one-half of the
cost of the engineers' investigation of
the Bay Cities Water Company's prop
osition of a municipal water supply,
rates of compensation were fixed to
night at an informal executive session
of the City Council.
The fees of A. M.. Hunt and . J. M.
Howell, the engineers associated with
City Engineer F. C. Turner on the ex
amining board, were fixed at $2500
each. The Council decided to recom
pense Turner, provided this can be le
gally done.' The .action in the matter
of fees lends strong color to the feel
ing in the City Council that the enei
neers will file a favorable report. No
statement, direct or indirect, has been
made by any one of the board, though
the fact that -they are working many
hours a day on data gives Couricilmen
the impression that their report will be
favorable. .... . -.. • . '
. The agreement in regard to the com
pensation of the^ engineers is that if the
report of the examining board be un
favorable to the project, the Bay Cities
Water Company shall bear the entire
expense of making the examination.
If, on the other hand, the report be
favorable and'the City Council fail to
call a bond election, then the city shall
bear the entire expense. If the report
be favorable, and a*«ond election be
called, then the city and the company
divide the expense equally, no matter
what the vote might be on the proposi
tion. .
PROMINENT. PROMOTERS , '
JOURNEY TO PASADENA
Delejcatibn From San Francisco Is
Accompanied by Representatives
of Other Sections.
A party left San Francisco' last night
for Pasadena to attend the second
semi-annual union meeting of the
County Promotion committees, to be
held in Pasadena to-morrow. . The
party consisted of Edward P. Antron
of the California., Promotion Commit
tee, Colvin .l5. Brown of the Stockton
Chamber of Commerce; Rufus P. Jen
nings, executive officer of the Califor
nia Promotion Committee, represent
ing the San Francisco Chamber of
Commerce; Andrea Sbarboro, ' chair
man of the California Promotion Com
mittee, representing the Manufactur
ers' and Producers' Association; Mor
ris Brooke, member of the State'Pub
licity'Committee;- R. P. Lathrop of
the Central Coast Counties Improve
ment'Association; Charles A. Moody
oi the Out West Magazine; Brainard
C. Brown, secretary of the Alameda
Advancement Association; I. B. McMa
hill, secretary San Jose Chamber of
Commerce; L. W. Jefferson, secretary
of the San Benlto Improvement Club ;
D. McPhersonr representing: the" Cali
fornia Central Coast Counties Im
provement Association; L. Cunning
ham, secretary of 'the Morgan Hill
Improvement Club; W. J. Dutton, rep
resenting the San Francisco Chamber
of Commerce; William Friend Rich
ardson, representing the * Berkeley
Board of Trade.
A. large party from the Sacramento
Valley went down on the Owl last
night. Developers will attend the
meeting from all parts of California.
LITTLE CECIL COWLES PLAYS
f^ piano wrrEL great skill
Little Cecil Cowlesjs. certainly a
child wonder, in the realm of piano-"
playing. Her concert at Steinway Hall
last night was attended by a large au
dience, among whom were many of
those prominent in musical circles
here. r -i v •
There is nothing in her playing or
In her appearance. suggestive of what
is known as a child phenomenon. She
is * self -possessed., to a . marvelous , de
gree, but at the same time simple and
unaffected. " ■ , . \ ;
Her technique and her "rendition of
the long and difficult programme of
lasf night showed - genius. Her touch
is as bright and clear as the jingle of
the purest silver, bell,, while In the
heavy passages she showed astound
ing jpower- for one-* of 'her youthful
years. -The twelve numbers were
played entirely without 'notes, show
ing ; ; a remarkable retentiveness of
memory. .The applause that * was
showered on the brilliant young per
former was ; supplemented "* by a:pro
fusion of floral offerings that filled all
the ' available • space on the stage :
Following' was 1 the programme: -
'•- "Deux Nocturnes," op. ' 85 (Chopin) : "Fan
tlsle.' lmpromtpu (Chopin); valse, E minor
(Chopin); i'Marrionette .No. .2' (Poldlnl);
"Theme ■.-. and : (Cecil . Cpwles);
"Fruhllngsrausehen" . (SIndlnjr); "Xachstucke"
(Schumann) ; melody .. in F - (Rubinstein) ;
"Fugue," op. P. No: 3 (nhelaberger); VPol
onalse" (CecH Cowlcs);- valse. - C sharp minor
(Chopin); "Scherzo"' (Chopin).
CITIZENS PLAN
IMPROVEMENTS
Berkeley* Men Take Action
in Favor of Parks and a
Manual Training School
GBIZZLY PEAK RE§0BT
It Is Proposed to Establish
Unique Attraction on the
Summit of the Foothill
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Dec. 15.
After exhaustive • discussion of the
proposal to provide Berkeley with parka
and a manual training school, to be
paid for with money from the sal© of
bonds, the joint committee of the local
improvement clubs decided last night
to put the matter in concrete form at
the next meeting and then vote upon
it. The result. of the vote will, be sub
mitted to the Town Trustees, Vwho are
expected to be guided in the way of a
municipal bond project by this expres
sion "of opinion from the joint improve
ment clubs.
Victor Robertson presided at the
meeting, was held In Francis
Ferrier's office last night. The .clubs
were represented by the following men:
South Berkeley Improvement Club, H.
E. Myllck and H. C. Bagot; .North
Berkeley, Victor . Robertson;- Ashby
Club, Stacy Gibbs, A. R. Frame and
A. S. J. Woods; West Berkeley, J. T.
Renas and Charles Hadlen; Central
Club, C. D. Maloney and J. Wendering.
Serious consideration was given to a
proposal to run a railway to Grizzly
Peak, the highest point back of Berke
ley, and there establish a park. A. F.
Hess said he had consulted an en
gineer and learned that a double-track
trolley line could be put In for about
$30,000. J. L. Tisdale believed a cog
track railway might be run straight
up Grizzly Peak.
H. C. Bagot favored a system of
email parks, and Town Treasurer Lord
expressed his belief that other improve
ments were needed In Berkeley besides
parks, and that the latter should wait.
Town Auditor Hanscom. C. r>. Maloney
and A. R. Frame argued in favor of the
park project. A. F. Hess declared the
view of the Golden Gate to . be ob
tained from the foothills one of the
finest panoramas in the world, and
that a park giving an unobstructed
view of this sort would be a magnifi
cent attraction and advertisement for
Berkeley.
President Robertson outlined the
manual training school plan, saying
that separate classes would be estab
lished in the Lincoln, Le Conte, Mc-
Kinley, Whittier and San Pablo ave
nue schools. It would cost $12,000 to
put these classes in operation, and $8000
would be needed for land for additional
area.
DOZEN GUESTS
DINE BENEATH
SCARLET BELL
By Zoe Green Radcliffe.
OAKLAND, Dec 15.— When Mr. and Mrs.
M. J. Laymance returned recently from a tour
cf^the Eastern States they were accompanied
by Miss Lulu Gates, a charming young Georg
ian, and last evening she was the motive tor
a delightful dinner and card party at the Lay.
nwnce home in East Oakland. -
Twelve guests enjoyed the dinner, the ap
pointments for which were both elaborate and
ta3terul. Over the table a great scarlet bell
depended from the chandelier, ropes of sxnilax
radiating from it to each place. R«d berries
formed the centerpiece^ about which glowing
fairy lamps formed a circle. The walls of
the dining room were also festooned with gar
lands of green.
The souvenirs were tiny Christmas trees that
were In reality boxes fllled with salted al
monds. The name cards were adorned with
water color sketches of scarlat winter blos
soms. • . •■• . ••
The »d inner guests were Joined later in the
evc-ninj by a larger party and several Inter
esting games of SCO were enjoyed. Tha prizes
were very handsome and were won by Dr. and
Mr?. Fred Morse, Mrs. . Crafr, George Gray,
Mrs. Scott. E. B. Davis 'and Will Hammer.
An hour of dancing in the cosy little .ball
room that has lately been added to the Lay
mance residence concluded an evening of un
alloyed pleasure.
Mrs. Laymance wora a handsome white
gown, and Miss Laymance looked particularly
well in a dainty pale blue frock. Tha young
guest of honor wore a modish gown of jjala
gray crepe. '.''.<'■
The dinner guests included Mr. and Mrs. J.
Walter Scott. Mr. 'and Mrs. R. C. Craft, Mr.
and Mrs. W. A. Schrtfck.* Mr. and Mrs. E. J.
Boyce, Miss Gates and the Misses Laymanca.
They were Joined In the card games by Dr.
and Mrs. H. , . B. I M*hrmann. Dr. . and Mrs.
Ernest Boyes, Mrs. Henry Bull, Mr. and Mrs.
Elliot Barrington Davis Dr. and Mrs. Fred
erick Morse. Mr. and Mra. I. A. Beretta, Mr.
and Mrs. George B. M. Gray. Mr. and Mrs.
Gilbert L. Curtias, Mi«s Charlotte Elsey. Mr.
ana Mrs. J. P. CooU, Will Hammer and Wil
liam J. Laymance. „
The last of the series of Informal at homes
that Mrs. William Lynham Shlels has be«n
giving took" plats this afternoon. Among to
day's callers were: Mrs. George E. Gross, Mrs.
J. Loran Pease, Miss Carrie Nicholson, Miss
Belle Nicholson, Mrs. Henry Rossnfeld. Mrs.
Seth Mann. Mrs. Fred Morse, Mrs. Ed Grif
fiths Mrs. Shelby F. '" Martin, Mrs. Newton
TCoser. Mrs. Vernon Waldron. Mrs. Emmet
Nicholson. Mrs. William PattianI, Mrs. Fel
ton Taylor, Mrs. George Bomemann, Mrs. How
ard Dray. -Mrs. B"rederlclc Parratt, Mrs. Clara
L«fevre. Mrs. Phillip Walsh. Mrs. John S.
Rolls of San Francisco. Mrs. Herman Bendel.
Miss Evelyn Bendel. Mrs. Hardy G. Cellarlus of
San Francisco, Mrs. Malller Searles. Mrs. Le«
ter Wells. Mrs. William Kleeman, Miss Estell6
Kleeman. Mrs. A. W. May. Misses Hesse.
Next Wednesday,. December 21. little Etta
Schrock 'will celebrate her birthday anniver
sary and 6h* lias Invited over a hundred young
friends to help her enjoy tha happy occasion.
Maple Hall will be the scene of festivity and
a vaudeville proeramma will furnish amuse
ment. Besides . the dancing and singing that
some of little Miss Schrock's' accomplished
friends will do, she will be assisted in present-
Ing a sketch.' "The Farmer." by seven other
bright little rlrls. Helen M-ehrmann Is to ba
the farmer, Beulah Hutching* his wife. Irma
Patcry his daughter, and ' Elva Ghirardelll his
son: Ethel Carroll will be a dairy maid. Etta
Schrock a "school ma'am" and Juantta Ghirar
delll her pupil: Adele Scott, -who Is a natural
little comedienne. ■ has made a hit at rehearsals
aa an Irish washerwoman and altogether the
play promises to be great fun. Miss Hllma
Buttlar Is training the little folks.
To- morrow night Mnsin and his coterie of
•artists will- appear before tbe Home Club and
aa the -general public will also be admitted a
number of music .lovers will .take advantage
of the opportunity to hear the great violinist.
A great, many Qaklanders went over to Saa
Francisco to-day to attend the MUler tea In
honor of Mrs. C. O. G.' Miller.
Mr. and Mrs. J. P. Cook will entertain
about fifty guests New Tear's eve In honor of
Miss Mollle Brown and her nance. -Dr. Phillip
Dahlln. «*y" v .■ " .'- ■'"•..'-' "
Mrs. I* H. Hardy has Just returned from a
visit of some months East.
Miss Loretta Kirk Is also a returned traveler,
having spent almost half a year visiting in the
East. Slie was the guest of her brother. Henry
Kirk. * promising young writer, for some wteks
In. New York. . ' ;.
1 Mr and ■Mrs. Lawrle' Adams.- with • their
Infant sor., are spending the winter with Mrs.
\dams* parents. Mr. and Mrs. Gilbert Curtis.
.Mr. and Mrs. • William Klncald (nee ; Sum
mers) have returned from their honeymoon trip
and are located at the Touraine.
Mr. and Mrs. Will PattianI are also home
and the bride. Miss Ethel Craig that was.
will be at home Wednesdays In January.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND. I
1016 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
2 US Center Street.
Telephone Xortta 77.
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
TO ADYEETISEKS.
Owing to the large
amount of work incident to
the issue of THE CALL
HOLIDAY EDITION,
SUNDAY, DEC. i&, NO
DISPLAY ADVERTIS-
ING c6py will be accepted
for that edition after 6
P. M. Saturday, and NO
CLASSIFIED Ads after 9
P. M. '
GET YOUR COPY IN
EARLY.
niiALi ESTATE TRAXSAOTIOXS.
Alameda County.
THURSDAY. DECEMBER 15.
City Building and Loan Association (cor*
poratioB) to Ben Phiiklll, lot 12 and E half o<
lot 11. Drexler Tract. Oakland: $10.
Lulu Irene and Harry H. Kaynea (husband)
and Samufll Gray (by Harry H. Haynes, at
torney) to Aiameda, Daly CwlXe of OliT-r
John), lot on W Una of Market »treet, 169 fJ
of Twenty-fourth. N 60 by W 128^ OaAUnd;
The Realty Syndicate to Piedmont Bnlldln*
Association, lot at Intersection of SH3 corner of
Summit a» per map of Thermal BUI, formerly
How« Tract, with S\V boundary line of lot «.
said boundary line being also NE line of John
street. 80 feet wido. SK 32:8. NB ICO. NW to
SE Summit. SW to beginning, being portion ot
lot e. block ■*, plan- of How* Tract. Oakland!
Piedmont Building Association (corporation)
to Karah M. Mead (wife of Carl B. ). sam?,
Oakland; *IO.
Sam* to I-aura. A. Hamilton (wifa ot John
W.). lot 23 and SW 20 feet of lot 22. block C.
map of Thermal Hill, formerly How* Tract,
Oukland; {10.
A. J. and 3crphl* M. Snyder to H. V. Oeer.
lot on 8 line of Thirty-first «tre«t. 260 B of
Grove. E 45 by 8 140. lot 18 and portion of
lot 15. block 20S.\ mu or A, J. Pnyder's re
subdivision of portion of block 2025. Rowland
Tract. Oakland; $10.
The Realty SycdlcaU to Piedmont Bulldir.g
Association. N B feet of lot 16. Mock J. Cen
tral Piedmont Tract, deed and agreement,
Oakland Township;. $10.
Piedmont Building; Association (corporation)
to Everett M. Cofiln. lot lft and NW 6 feet o«
lot 15. block J, same. Oakland Township; $10.
W.. E. and Jcseshine Know'.ea to Alice I~
Hart iwife of Edward H.), lot on N line, of
Durant avenue. JiO E of Telwrraph (Cboate>,
E 15 by N 130. being portion of lot T. block
10. property cr College Homestead Association,
Eefli<«!<?y; $10.
Katie I*, and F. A. Jones (husband) to Thom
as and BridKft Cusackers (Joint tenants), lot
on E line of Lafayette street, 113 S of Padflo
avenue, S 87 by E K-S, lot 10 and portion of
lot* 13 to 16, block Si. property near Enctnal
station owned by Columbus Bartlett. Esq.,
Alazneda; $10.
Solomon V.*. Hardesty to S. 2. Hardesty. lot
on SE line of Pan Jo*e «.v«nue. 33O E of Wil
low street. E 33:4 by S 150. portion lot 11. la
W % of block O, Pioneer Homestead Asaocla~
tlcn, Alameda; $1.
' ■ J. Clarence and Francis Wallman Deaal t»
Maria Johansen. lot on N'ltne of Sasta Clara
avenue, 1W E of Fifth street (formerly Second
avenue). E 50 by N 160. portion lot 8. ma?
lands Teutonla. Park and Homestead Associa
tion. Alameda; $10.
Piedmont Building; Association to P. S. Go
van, lot 23. map Piedmont Tract. Oakland
Township (recorded December- 14, 1904); fo^s.
Same to Horace F. Strother, lot 27, map
Piedmont Tract. Oakland Township (recorded
Decembers, lao*); $10.
Same to Ma tie Crandall (wife of Edwin T>.>.
lot 8, block B. Central Piedmont Tract. OaJt
lar.d Township (recorded December 14. 1904);
$10.
Teresa and Henry Breinlns to Marcus Happ
-lot en N lino of Sixth street. 125 W of CascroC
"W 25 by >.' »0. portion lot 25. block 70. KeUers
berger'a map. Oakland; $10.
George V. and Anna Metzger to Charles I*
Throw, lot on S line of Thirty-eighth street.
426 E of Market. E 32.83 by 9 148, Oakland;
Edward "W. Mitchell to Mary Mitchell (wife)
lot on N line of Merrimao (now Twenty-eighth)
street. 745 E of Telegraph avenno as at present
10O feet wide. W C3 by N,110. Oakland; gift.
Sophlea. (or Sophl* .Antoinette) lor Antoin
ette S.) Jorgenson to Bugs Jorgenson (daugh
ter) lot on SW corner of East Seventh street
and Twenty-fourth avenue. "W 120, B 110:.%,
E 112:3, X 83:6. lot 5. block K, map subdi
vision So, Associates Tract, Eaat Oakland!
gift.
Gilbert and Margaret E. wyman to Oliver F.
and Mary F. Vorc« lots 1 and 2. block S.
map of Knowtes & Potter subdivision of Ken
nedy Tract East • Oakland; $10.
C. A. and Jessl* do Wolf TVeatanberg (wtfa)
to Eliza S. Crawford. lot on W line of CMlego
avenue, BO S of Stuart street, 8 CO by W 14a.
lot 2. block J. Berry-Bangs Traat. Berkeley 1
Judson and Catherine 'Wheeler to Baverly 1^
Hodghead, lots 14 to 19. bloolc 8. amended map
of portion of La. Lornj, Park and Wheeler
Tract, quitclaim deed Berkeley $5.
A. V. and Abbl* C Payne (wife). M» M.
Fits (and as their attorney) and J. & Fits
(wife) to Annie Marie Rogers (wife of 1* H.).
lot on W line of Boise street. 823 3
of Blackstone (now Sixty- Ofth etreet);
S 25 by W 100. lot 18. block B. map subdi
vision of blocks A and B. In 1 at 3. Dohr Tract
Berkeley; $0. .• • *
M. L. and Rebecca Wurts (wife) to Charles
M. Garwood. 3 33:9 of lot 7. map of Saydev
Tract. Berkeley; $10.
J. B. Reinstein (single) to Du Ray Smith.
SO. ICO of an acre beginning at a point on £3
Una of lot 2. etc.. distant NB 1028.19 from In
tersection with NW line of Hopkins street.
NE 81.81. NW 288.16. SW 81^1, SE 288.2S to
beginning, being lot B. map of subdivision- of
lot 2, Domingo Peralta Homestead. Berkeley;
$10.
The Realty Syndicate to Mary 6ch!ndler
(single) and J. B. Taylor (married). E 50 feet
of lot 11. fciock 22. MoGeo Tract, portion of
plat 67. eta. Berkeley: $10.
Same to Anna. and J. B. Taylor (husband)
lot 7, block 22. same map. Berkeley; $10.
Same to Mary Schlndler. lot 9. block 23.
same map, Berkeley; $10.
DENNIS "WARD DIES STJDDENX.T.— Den
nis J. Ward, a longshoreman, died sadder!*
yesterday morning: on Baale-street wharf. p?».
sumably from natural causes. HU body was
found on tha step* of McCIure's saloon on
Beale-street wharf, near the coal bunic«-s at
6:15 a. m Ward was a native of Ireland
and a member of Aeria a.». <q of the Eae>",
GCNTHER'S TRIAL PROCEITOUfQ — Th«
trial of Edward W. Ounther. attorney, charged
with offering and giving a brlb* to David j
Kelly, a juror at tha trial of j,-gue O Lua
for murder on May 24 last, was besun In Jndza
Lawlor*a court yesterday. Judge Wella of Coi£
tra Costa County presiding. Kelly was oath*
stand tha greater part of tha day. .
ApVERTISIIMEyTS.
Skin Diseases
are cured by .
Glycozoiie
Endoried hy tht Mtdieat Profession
By destroying germs, they as-
sist nature to accomplish a cure.
Send thirty-five cents to pay ex-'
pressage oh Free Trial Bottles.
Sold by txadlcc Dfuj^lsM.
Not jsaahje unlrn label bears my «ijpi»n:r» :
Cd a jj ' it 1 —
. 0 . ■ T*** — G?— .*^(J> " '
/ 61 0 Prlnco S treat. N. Y.
Write for free Information r>*»f»at
■ | H¥DRtlZOVK»»< VLVCOIO.1S.ADVERTISEMENTS.
WHAT DO YOU CARE?
YOU'VE GOT YOUR HEALTH
C.nat Natures Do Not Despair at Dis-
appointment — They Look for
Something ELs^e to Do.
The broad-grauged man of to-day
docs not gret blue just because things
don't always come his way unless there
is something the matter with him. If.
he "falls down" on one proposition
h<? immediately starts to look up an-
other. He always looks forward and
keeps on hustling. A man with his
health and faculties has plenty of op-
portunities and the man who gives up
or even feels like it has either a small
nature or some physical weakness.
Dyspepsia certainly puts the best of j
men out of condition for work of any
kind. You cannot blame the dyspeptic
for setting blue. The very, nature of
his disease is most depressing and cal- j
culated to deprive him of ambition, J
energy and hope. There fs hope for
him, however, certain and sure.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are rec-
oprnized throughout the length and !
breadth of the land as the one cure ,
that's safe and sOre. Their unbounded j
popularity — resulting from the thou-
st nds and thousands of cures they
have effected — prove beyond the
shadow of a doubt their greatness as
a cure. Wherein lies their greatness?
In the very fact that they are Nature's
, own simple remedy. They do the
e^act work in exactly the same way
the digestive fluids of the stomach
do because they are composed of ex-
actly the same elements and possess
the same properties. They relieve the
weak and worn-out stomach of its bur-
. den of digestion and permit it with-
out let or hindrance to rest and grow
sound and well. The stomach will get
well quick enough in its own natural
way if it is let alone. That is what
Btnart'a Dyspepsia Tablets do. They
not only let it alone themselves, but
rrake the food taken into the stomach
do the Fame.
You can satisfy yourself of the truth
of this statement by putting the food
you would eat into a glass jar with
sufficient water and one of Stuart's
Dysnesia Tablets. The process of di-
Efstion will be taken up and carried
out just as the gastric juice and other
digestive fluids would do it. Their ac-
tion is natural and they cause no dis-
turbance in the digestive organs. In
fsct. you forget you have a stomach
when they begin to do their work, so
mild and natural is the operation.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are for sale
by all druggists at 50c a box.
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children.
fie Kind You Have Always Bought ;
Bears the // /^TT" j
Signature of (-£'?'-'/£ Tci/eJU^i
FRENCH SAYINGS BANK
315 Uontromery street. '
Capital paid up $ 600,000 j
i moEcds raid to depositors . 1,656,226
CJLAt?. CAKPT. President.
ARTHUR LEOALLET. Vle«-Pres!d«M.
I-ECN BOCQUERAZ, Secretary.
JOHN GINTT. JiMst. Secretary.
SX&ECTORSl
rr K. Artlruts. Chae. Carpy. Leon KanSmaa,
O. Bcsio. J. B. Clot. A. Rocs.
L«-c r. Bocquerax. J. M. Dupas. A Lecallet.
J. A. Berserot. J. S. Gr i*»u. J. J. Mack.
lateral paid on deposit*. Lcana mad* oo
K«&! Estate and approred securities.
REDEMPTION OF BONDS. |
Notice It hereby riven that ln accordance ;
■rtth tfcp twin of the bonds issued by the |
Nevada Cour.ty Narrow-Gauce Ilaiiroa.4 Com-
easy the directors determined by lot the num- i
bcr!> to be redeemed at Weils. Fargo & Co.'» i
Ilar.k. in the city of San Franct*oo. CaJ.. on ]
The 21 dar of January. A. D. 1S*>5. with the
ic:io*inp result: Ko*. 1*3. 125. 236. 123. 38.
which bends Trill be paid In United Ptat»s gold
cpte on said 23 day of January, 1&05. upon j
surrender of same, with coupons attached, and i
Interest thereon will cease from and after that ;
date F. O. BEATTT.
Secretary the Nevada County Narrow-Gauge
Railroad Company, office Grass Valley,
CaJ.
Grass Valley. Dec. 13. 1904.
UNITED STATES BRANCH
STATE/WENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AEFAIRS
OP THE
THURSNGIA
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF ERPURT. IN GERMANY. ON THE
31et day of Dec-mber. A. D. 1903, and for
the year ending on that day, as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the Stale of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
€10 and till of the Political Code, eonde&sod
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner:
ASSETS. % *
Ca#h Market Value of all Stocks *
and Bonds owned by Company.. $894,770 S3
Cash ln Company's Office 218 73
Cash In Banks 176; 798 14
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks asd Loans 243 63
Premiums in doe Ocaree cf Col-
lection 201.460 04
Totai Assets .I1.273.4S9 30
LIABILITIES.
Losses la process of Adjustment
or ln «u»T>ense 155,872 00
Losses resisted. Including expenses 18,561 61
Grcss Prestains en Fir* Risks
running; cne year or less, $832,-
*n 8S: relnroranc* 50 per cent.. 428,430 89
Greet Premiums on Fire Risks
rvnnin* more than one year,
J r :s *M 47; reinsurance pro rata 351.110 78
All other liabilities 73.C61 00
Tcta.1 Liabilities .1925,643 37
INCOME. ~
Net cash actually received for Fir*
Premiums ..,$1,162,886 53
Received for interest and dividends
en Bonds, Stocks. Loans and
from all other sources.... . 87,627 83
Received from home office........ 3.012 68
Total Income f 1,203,527 22
EXPENDITURES.
NVt amount oald for Fire Losses
'•Deluding; S11.E20 &4 losses of
previous years) $627.065 19
Paid w allowed for Commission or
Brckerafce 356.362 77
P?id for Salaries, Fees and other
tharE'-s for officers, clerks, etc.. 65,279 Is
Paid for State, National and Local
Taxes 24.420 74
All oth»r Bayments and expendi-
tures 46.322 68
Totsl Expenditures $1,119,450 53
Lcfses incurred during the year. .$679,557 IS
nizks ft Premiums | Fire Risks. | Premiums i
Net e mount Risks
written during the
year $111,417,525 05 $1.579, 684 34
N< i amount Risks
expired during the
}<;ar 121.247.344 20 1.425,894 29
N»t eraount In
forc» Dec 31. 1903 1C3.CS0.437 53 1.466.S56 45
r. G. VOSS, United States Manager.
Subscribed and »wora to before me, this ~*d
day of January, 1SC4.
EDWIN F. CORET,
Commlsstener for California ln New York.
PACIFIC COAST AGENCY:
YOSS, COKR'D & CO.
208 Saosome St., Can Fnnclsco, Cd.
Weekly Call, $1; per Year
PAY FOR THEIR
DISOBEDIENCE
3Iembers of the Bural. Free
Delivery Carriers' Associa
tion Kemoved From Office
WYXXE WIELDS THE AX
3Ien Discharged for Send
ing Out Circulars \sking
for Support of Legislation
WASHINGTON, Dec. 15.— As the re
sult of an investigation of their activ
ity during the recent political cam
pairn. Warren F. Tumber. a rural mail
carrier at Lockport, X. Y., and H. W.
Aldr'ch. a rural carrier of Concord, N.
H.. both of the National Association of
Rural Free Delivery Carriers, were to
day removed forthwith from the Gov
ernment Rervtce by Postmaster Gen
eral Wynne. Tumber is secretary of
t»ie national association of carriers and
he and Aldrich are members of its ex
ecutive board.
The rharges, the investigation of
which by postoffice inspectors resulted
in to-day's action, was that the dis
missed men sent out circular letters
during the last campaign to candidates
for Congress urging legislation in the
interest of the carriers and demanding
that the men to whom the letters were
addressed pledge themselves to vote
for such legislation. President Cun
ningham, who was dismissed Tuesday,
and Secretary Tumber, according to
the postal authorities, framed the cir
cular and Tumber signed it as secre
tary and issued it. Aldrich was one
of the executive committee, who agreed
on the work which was subsequently
carried out.
A number of the letters sent out are
in the possession of the Postoffice De
partment.* In one of the papers on file
is the expression "We must look out
for ourselves aud help the fellows that
help us." A number of other cases are
under consideration, but the question
of the guilt of the employes involved
ha,s not yet been decided.
NEW FRAUD ORDERS.
Postal Department Takes Action
Against Western Concerns.
WASHINGTON. Dec 15. — Fraud or
ders were to-day signed by the Assist
ant Attorney General for the Post
office Department against the follow
ing concerns, whichr are charged with
violations of the postals laws and reg
ulations: The Franco- American Mer
cantile Company of San Francisco and
T. P. Miller. Seattle, Wash.
In the case of the first concern the
charge is conducting a lottery, the
scheme being to enter into a contract
with a person, the latter paying $1 a
week until J80 is paid, when the con
tract becomes mature and is taken up
by the company for $160. Certain ex
penses are taken out and none of the
contracts are paid until $160 is in the
treasury. Thus, one persons pays an
other and the company profits from
the "expenses" charged all holders of
papers.
T. P. Miller of Seattle was the pur
ported agent of the Cumulative Credit
Company of San Francisco, against
which company a fraud order was is
sued some time agoand its mail there
fore is not to be carried by the United
States. ,
New Postmaster Appointed.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 15.— -The
Postoffice Department announces the
appointment of Hershey R. Stiver as
postmaster at Gaviota, Santa Barbara
County.
It is quite possible to air your views
without blowing. /
ADVERTISEMENTS.
H HOLIDAY P
1 GOODS f
The newest designs
in such well-selected
variety as to meet all
tastes.
THE NAME BOHM-
BRISTOL, CO. STANDS
AS A GUARANTEE OF
SATISFACTI ON IN
QUALITY AND PRICE.
OPEN EVENINGS
Bohm-Bristol Co.
Jewelers and
f\J • Sf.versmtt.hs I
/!/ 104-110 Geary Street* v\
PREE CHB1STMASJ)JN-N_ERS
200.000 ff*. - ,-^~^
. Poor People .-'^Ss^Sfe^A
meSalvatloa JcrV^t^iNkJtirtt^
UtUS. WUlyw •<38r«J^f'»*Y^r"S*'X
t*l»t>y«nd.at Vf*Mlti^ViXl
adosatica.no \7 1 H 'ViTii fJftv^'V
catisr tow Soall \tSfc$U3£$fr*3&» )j
Salvation itjS^f^'fyfflfK
mm \KC %% ir ■ *i <*117 lit
Mtttftttrter* i*U"f/l *i*% »— t
1*71 Ui»«i»a Jl^
S. f~ CAt>
CUTLERY
EVERY BLADE WARRANTED
lnNFAr??sJ|yNVALID?^
» "... '_
All goes well when the baby
is well.' Keep the baby well by
giving him Mellin'a Food, it will
nourish him, make him grow strong
and keep him happy. , We are . sure
of it; try it. Ask the mothers of
Mellin's Food children: ; Send for our
free book about Mellin's Food.
MELUN'S POOD CO., BOSTON, MASS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 16; 1904.
TWO NEW STIRS
FOR OLD GLORY
Senate • Committee Prepares
to Make a Favorable Ke
port on the Statehood Bill
CONTEST JS EXPECTED
Oklahoma and Indian Terri
tory Are Combined, as Are
Arizona and New 3Iexico
WASHINGTON. Dec. 15.— The Senate
Committee on Territories, by a vote of
six to four, to-day authorized a favor
able report on the statehood bill Dro
vidirfg for admission into the Union of
Oklahoma and Indian Territory, to be
come the State of Oklahoma, and of
Arizona and New Mexico, to become
the State of Arizona; The closeness of
the vote practically makes it certain
that there will be a minority report.
To-morrow Senator Beveiidge, chair
man of the committee having the bill
in charge, will submit the majority re
port. The opponents of the bill will
contest its passage on the floor of the
Senate. The statehood bill will be the
unfinished business of the Senate after
a vote is had to-morrow on the Philip
pine bill.
"Nearly all of the time since the open
ing of the present session of Congress
the Senate Committee on Territories
has been at work perfecting the House
bill, but it was not until late to-day
that a vote could be had. the death of
Senator Quay, who had fought per
sistently for admission of each of the
four Territories as a separate State,
leaving the committee equally divided.
The vacancy was filled yesterday by
the appointment of Senator Dick. Those
who voted to-day for the bill were Sen
ators Beveridge, Dillingham, Nelson,
Dick, Burnham and Kean, all Republi
cans. Senator Bard (R.) voted against
the bill, together with Senators Bate
and Newlands. Democrats. The fourth
vote against the bill was that of Sena
tor Patterson, who was absent, but was
recorded as voting. Senator "Clark of
Arkansas also was absent.
PHOENIX. Ariz.. Dec. 15.— News that
the joint statehood bill would be favor
ably reported in the Senate caused
great excitement in this city to-day,
and was the principal topic of conver
sation. Maricopa County's Board of
Trade at once passed resolutions of
protest, which were wired to B. A.
Fowler, at Washington, Republican
candidate for Congress at the recent
election. Communication was estab
lished with all organized municipal and
commercial bodies in the Territory
asking them to make similar pro
tests.
Other messages were sent to the
Chambers of Commerce of Los Anee
les and San Francisco, appealing for
their support in the effort to defeat the
bill. Arizona's organized bodies and
officials have unanimously and continu
ously protested against joint statehood,
and say they will do so to the end.
AMENDMENTS SUGGESTED.
Philippine Administration Bill Dls
ctifesed In Senate.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 15.— The Sen
ate spent practically the entire day
discussing the Philippine administra
tive bill. A number of amendments
were suggested and debated, among
them being provisions relating to rail
road bonds, mining locations and tar
iff rates. Under unanimous agreement
the vote on the bill will be taken to
morrow and the disposal of all the
amendments will occur at the same
time.
Platt of Connecticut, chairman of the
select committee to consider the rec
ommendation cf the House of Repre
sentatives for the impeachment of
Judge Swayne, presented tjne report of
that committtee. The report was in
the shape of an order, which, after re
citing the circumstances in a preamble,
proceeds as follows:
Ordered that the Senate will, according to
its Etandingr rules and orders in such cases
provided, take proper action thereon (upon the
presentation of the articles of Impeachment)
of which due notice shall be riven to the
House of Representatives.
The resolution was agreed to.
The urgent -deficiency appropriation
bill was passed without debate.
When tke Philippine administration
bill was taken up Stewart spoke in sup
port of the railroad bond provision,
saying that no other agent was equal
to railroads as civilizers of savages.
McCumber opposed the bond provi
sion and offered an amendment strik
ing it out.
Heyburn addressed himself to the ex
isting law affecting mining locations in
the Philippines, and offered ' an
amendment, providing, in effect; for
the return to the American method of
location instead of the Spanish method
adopted in the present law.
Without taking action on Heyburn'B
amendment, the Senate passed to the
consideration of an amendment sug
gested by Newlands in the shape of a
substitute for the railroad bond pro
vision of the bill. The substitute re
duces the rate of interest on the bonds
to 2}i per cent and provides that they
shall be guaranteed by the Govern
ment of the United States. The amend
ment also provides a method of taxing
the proceeds of the railroads In the
islands. - . "S 4 ;
VICTORY FOR THE SOUTH.
Bill to Reduce Representation Will Bo
Reported Unfavorably.
' WASHINGTON, Dec. 15.—Reduc
tion of the Southern representation In
Congress, either through the Platt or
Morrell bill, Is highly improbable.
The House Committee on Election of
President, Vice President and Repre
sentatives will soon render a report
unfavorable to the reduction idea.
The committee is now swayed by the
Idea that the disfranchisement evil will
correct itself in time and that any
legislation now would give results
which future conditions will render
unnecessary- The remedy is looked
for in increased immigration to the
Southern States, with the result that
the white , population will .be so
strengthened that its votes will always
be In a majority^
OBSTRUCTIVE TACTICS.
Democrats Delay 1 Advancement of Bill
to Improve . Currency Conditions.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 15.—Discus
sion of the bill to "improve currency
conditions" was resumed in the House
to-day, but throughout the j session its
advancement was beset with obstruc
tive tactics by the Democrats, led by
Williams of Mississippi, /the minority
leader. The Democrats mustered suf
ficient strength to force Speaker Can
non to break a tie in order that the
bill might be taken, up, 7 the Demo
crats assuming their attitude of an
tagonism because Hill, of Connecticut,
in charge of the bill, refused to, allow
its further consideration; in conse
quence of the, illness of Bartlett of
Georgia, leader of the opposition.
We can't imagine a more ■ dangerous
combination than a loose tongue and
ignorance. * -;.
TAKES AS WIFE
A DEAD WOMAN
Witness in Smoot Inquiry
Tells of His "Sealing"
for Time and Eternity
DESCRIBES GARMENTS
Robes Worn at Endowment
House Ceremony Marked
in Most Peculiar Manner
WASHINGTON'. Dec. 15. — August
Lundstrom was recalled for cross-ex
amination when the Senator Smoot In
vestigation was resumed to-day before
the Seriate Committee on 'Privileges
and Elections. '-Attorney Van Cott,
for Senator Smoot, asked the witness
if hef had ever considered the obliga
tions taken in the temple as a huge joke
or' in the light of a vaudeville per
formance.
"I always regarded the oaths as sa
cred,'* he said. Then he aeclared that
men cannot pass through the temple
to take endowments for women. I
John Nicholson, the chief recorder of
the Mormon Temple at Salt Lake City,
was -sworn. He proved the most re
luctant witness of all the church offi
cials who have been brought before
the committee.
Dy a slow process the attorney ,for
the protestants . drew from him the
fact that he keeps the fecords^bf mar
riages, baptisms and endowments
which are solemnized within the tem
ple. He explained that the endow
ments are the placing upon individuals
blossinRK that will be upon them dur
ins this life and all eternity.
Lundstrom at the afternoon session
/explained his marriage to a dead wom- i
an, and said this ceremony Is called
"pealing," and was for time and eter
nity. He also was sealed to his legal
wife, he said, but" no record or memor
andum was given him. The witness
said he had heard the Endowment
House obligations administered six
times to congregations of from thirty
to sixty persons each. Not to take
the obligation, the witness said, is re
garded as a sign of weaKness to the
faith. Robes are worn in the ceremony.
There are no marks on ,the robes, but
there are marks on^the priesthood gar
ments. These marksNare to remind the
person of the covenant he had made.
The witness said there are marks of
the compass and the square on the left
and right breasts, a rent like a button
hole over the navel and another over
the knee.
"When do you wear this garment?"
Lundstrom was asked.
"Always."
He added that the garment was re
moved only long enough to change to
a clean one. ,
"It is supposed to be a shield aeainst
all danger, temporal and spiritual," he
said. v
"And the marks are to remind you of
the obligation taken?" asked the chair
man.
The witness answered in the affirma
tive, repeating that the breast marks
are for the purpose of making the obli
gator remember his oath not to reveal
his covenants under penalty of having
his heart and vitals cut out.
On cross-examination he said the
marks never had been* explained to
him, and that he put his own construc
tion on them becawe of. their associa
tion with the ceremonies.
The hearing was continued until to
morrow.
BIDS FOR CONSTRUCTION
OF WARSHIPS OPENED
Navy Department to Let Contracts for
tlie New Hampshire, North Car
olina and Montana.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 15. — Bids
were opened at the Navy Department
to-day for the construction of the bat
tleship New Hampshire and the ar
mored cruisers North Carolina and
Montana.
The lowest bidder on two ships was
th« Newport News Shipbuilding and
Drydock Company, which offered to
complete the two cruisers in thirty
six months at $3,375,000 each, or one
cruiser and the battleship in thirty
six months at $3,650,000 each.
The bid of the Union Iron Works
of San Francisco was: One cruiser In
forty-two months, $3,800,000, or two
in forty-two months, $7,590,000 for
both.
RADICAL LEADERS AT HEAD
OF SWISS - CONFEDERATION
Bnndesrath Elects M. Ruchet Presi
dent and Promotes the Minister
of Commerce.
BERNE, Switzerland, Dec. 15. — The
Bundesrath to-day elected M. Ruchet,
vice 'president of the Federal ' Coun
cil, -President, and M.! Forrer, Minis
ter of Commerce, Industry and Agri
culture, Vice President of the confed
eration for 1905. Both. are Radicals.
Army Orders.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 15. — By order
of the War Department Contract Sur
geon Bruce F. Foulkes, United States
army, is relieved from duty in the
Department of the Columbia and will
proceed to his home in San Francisco
and report by letter to the surgeon
general of the army for annulment of
contract. Recruit John A. Rabon,
field artillery. Jefferson Barracks, Mo.,
is : transferred to the signal corps. He
will be sent to Benicia Barracks for
duty. Private Othel Baxter, Troop H,
Fourth Cavalry, Presidio, San Fran
cisco, is transferred to the signal
corps. He will be sent to Benicia
Barracks for duty.
Caught Under Falling Pile of I/umber.
CROCKETT, Dec. 15. — John Bauer,
one of the crew of the Katie Flick
inger, while working in the hold of
the vessel, which is lying at the Port
Ccsta Lumber Company's wharf, had
his left ankle broken to-day by a pile
of lumber falling on him. Bauer was
taken on the afternoon train to the
Marine Hospital ' at San , Francisco.
CHICAGO, Dec 15.— Fast mall train No. 11,
eastbound on the ■ Chicagrd. Burlington and
Qulncy -Railroad, was wrecked two miles west
of Bristol, . IH. Oscar Johnson, fireman, was
killed, and Engineer John Cowdrey vran fa
tally injured. £&««!
FREE :;:- FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
.-. * ' \ --
A Box of
RAMONA
CHOCOLATE CHIPS
T Or:the
RAMONA; DOMINOES.
Free With Every Small Ad in
Sunday CalL
See Small Ad ;Page for Further"
.Particulars.
CHILDREN DIE
IN ICY WATERS
Sorrow Brought. to Several
Homes by Collapsing of a
Bridge in West Virginia
PEDESTRIANS INJURED
School Boys and Girls on
Structure at Time of Dis
aster Lose Lives in River
CHARLESTON. W. Va., Dec. 15.—
Three persons are known to have been
killed and four others seriously injured
by the collapse of the suspension
bridge across the Elk RfVer which con
nects East and West Charleston. At
the time the bridge went down there
were six teams and six children on
their way to school and a number of
other pedestrians on the structure. The
bridge went down without warning, but
a number of. those who were near the
ends of the structure managed to reach
land. Those who went down with the
wreckage fell a distance of forty feet
into the ice-covered waters of the river.
The depth of the river at this point is
variously estimated at from ten to
twenty feet, and when the iron and
lumber wreckage struck the icelt broke
into fragments; and those killed and
several of the Injured were thrown Into
the waters or swept under the ice* far
ther down the stream. The dead:
MAMIE HIGGINBOTHAM, aged 11
years.
ANNIE HUMPHREYS, aged 17 years.
OLLIE GIBBS, aged 15 years.
The injured: Zella Smith, aged 17
years, compound fracture of elbow;
William Holmes, colored, driver, cut
and bruised; Henry Fielder, driver, se
rious internal injuries; Elmer Tucker,
aged 13 years, both arms and legs
broken.
The bridge was a single span 500 feet
in length and was built in 1S52. It has
been known to be unsafe for some time
and heavy traffic was not allowed on
it. The accident was caused bv two
cables on the north side slipping from
their moorings. When that side dropped
another cable on the other side snapped,
the floor tilted and turned ' completely
over.
During the Civil War/ the cable of
this bridge was cut bjr General Wise
when he evacuated/Charleston, the
bridge at the same time being partly
burned. The same cable was afterward
spliced and has been in use ever since.
BANKS INCREASE THEIR
INTEREST ON DEPOSITS
Two Institutions Notify Patrons That
Sn vines Will Brine Them
4 Per Cent.
NEW YORK, Dec. 15 — Depositors
in two of the largest savings banks in
New York — the Bowery and the
Greenwich — have been notified of an
increase in the Interest rate, which is
raised from 3% to 4 per cent. A
similar advance will, it is stated, be
made shortly by other institutions.
The Bowery Bank has savings de
posits of $87,000,000, while the Green
wich holds $45,000,000.
CHICAGO PRISON HOLDS ...
> 'A DARING HIGHWAYMAN
"Tail Man" of Gang That Terrorized
Windy City in 1896 Behind )
the Bars. -'\ :'■'<:'■
CHICAGO, Dec. 15.— John Orrae, a
daring highwayman, known as the
"tall man" in the combination which
terrorized Chicago in 1896, is under
arrest. He was Identified by the po
lice to-day as one of the two men who
entered the Peorla National Bank at
Peoria, 111., and at the point of a re
volver forced the teller to give them
currency amounting to $2000.
Christmas Picture Frames.
The prettiest yet are the shapes and
finish of our new frames. Exquisite de
signs in oval, square and odd shapes,
finished In dead black, grays and browns,
with the daintiest gold top ornaments;
also many beautiful patterns in gold, gilt
lacquers and gold bronzes. Sanborn, Vail
& Co. Open evenings. . ■•
The merchants have gone to New
York. The farmers have gone to the
harvest field. And there you are.
■_-_-_■_ ..;..,.... ;„.:. ,.„../ - -_-; ; advertisements. -. r .-,' r . ,'
ft SCOTCH PLAID TAILORS, Inc.
jHk FRIDAY, SATURDAY and MONDAY ONLY, December 16th, 17th and 19th
||||| FREE! FREE! FREE!
Jii^m^^ In San Francisco Store Only ife,
ly|y $5£° silk Umbrellas fW,
9H • FREE! FREE! ImSML
With every Suit or Overcoat made to order for jlM&£s^CvmWs8&k^*.
n ° M ° re N ° Less |u^aSS.
- All Those Wanting an Extra Pair of Pants gS^fM 1^^^^^^^
or a $5.00 Pair of Shoes Can Have Them With [&, J® ra§lB*2S $$w\
FREE Our Suits or Overcoats, Made to Order* for v/S^^^^^^^^^S
• .No More .OO No Less \
WE ARE THE LARGEST TAILORING HOUSE IN THE WORLD ij j T$l£u %&fcS&\
$10,000 SiockloSelect From Imp*
New and up-to-date goods, only on this V "v?' (j t ' " <fi L
sale. Full bolts of every style- Our work- Xid*&£ra
\ OUB GTJAEAimE — Should Llnlairs or Any Part of w£Hj» T»
' XBfiBifal •^BfigSfc Oarment Not Wear Satisfactorily. W* WU1 Btaew TtCMHr rff
JUreri S**m REMEMBER THIS SALE IS FOR 3 DAYS ONLY- ! ?
||g|lX |!XnsJJ* FRIDAY, SATURDAY AND. MONDAY. lS*3
<?fffc Scotch Plaid Tailors &^§m
I The Largest Tailoring House in the World
,1009 MARKET ST.— San Francisco Only *^s£SRr
~ FREE • • opek EVEwnios till 10 o'clock. "^■•*"" "^
pragek:;
Friday Surprise No. 23 j
Prices for To-Day Only
There will Be "Something Doing" at p^rs
This Morning and Saturday Morning
From 8:30 until noon; thereafter until the closing hour the usual
shopping inducements will be given.
This Store Will Remain Open Evenings Until Christmas
• (E§nJ\ Men's Christmas Cards
J >•> mm . .•»•«** cn^ C:lendars
StiStP *C2k FanC y VeStS, $1.19 Beautiful de-
(Main Floor) siffr.s. r e <l.w c e,d
VffgT£gHffi%. As a great Holiday Surprise %° m »•«• 20 <L ld^
7 fe*-^«J^^ SpCC^ 1 we o have taken "4 of surprise, to 10c.
I F^5ri£9J VZHZT ou »" Fancy Silk and Worsted
/ ' JS-r^ rate\==_ y, ests -, slzes 33 . 34. 35. 36 and T , . ,
/ J *!^£ \S^ 37 only, and marked them at Take luncheon
l^ftSS&frifa'J!-— J?, early one-half price. Thesa ■ : in our
\ '^^^ttf'-X/^alM- Vests come ln neat dark nat- -, 1
\ X^^^V/jafftlih'- ™ nSl ln sil , k , fl sured effect. Cafe
\l I Wv&mV&m 11' There are sinsle and double . \^
l^'MMjrjfij l| breasted styles, and (Fourth Floor)
f/iM'/lV- ■ , thcy . ar £. our re * u - Cl 111 You will be
T~ W/f/l ■ & r . ll * 8 A to $2 ' 50 •nl IM Pleased with our
VkVU'I' vpsts. Our special fj/Atl/ dainty, quick ser-
Grocery and Liquor China Tea Cups and Saucers
S P edaIS " (ThiM Floor)
.' I Fourth F 1001 ") Pine rrrach China Tea Ctxm and
From 12 O'CIock Noon Until the Sauc«r« — in four very
Closing Hour Only. . Jffi X^e^d SlQ^ .
Huai-Our best Reliable 4^^ stippled edges and are izguGf
Brand — Eastern Sugar I • (* in popular shapes. The ©S^TN
Cured— special at. lb * fclW regular price of these > =^g=Tl^?
■Whiskey — Marquette Pure —tr Cups and Saueers is ~»»-dar
. Rye Whiskey — a bottle. . . ./ftC * 5 - 00 a dozen. We make this *** f?
• VW great Friday Surprise spe- ># if*
. cial at. each «^*^W
Women's Vests and Children's Hand Bags, 23c
Dan4e O e^ <M*ta Floor)
raX\tS, d DC . Here is a rare - . j
/••# . _. , chance to secure .«>■». «»» s-m^.
(Main Floor) a flne mUe Peg .- PJi f\ fll
These garments' are made of soft gy Bag for chil- * Uu 1 M f
Peeler Cotton, woven. « of double dren. They aro J*Hv# i =*ft(r a=^
thread; with soft fleecing: the neck made of Saffian ft, irTjl/WfJkVu
Is finished with mercerized beading. leather and have \f W/' /^■Y.ly
run with narrow tape: the Vests are strap handles, as, >»_^>««3> > 'V--> r
high neck and long sleeves; shown in the ar-
the Pants, ankle length: In JW/> companying drawing. Th<»*%^
cream only: worth 50c; Fri-^JL, colors are red. green and A. *kC
day Surprise blue. Special Surprise price^»*^^*
Stationery ! Women's
(Main Floor) j Neckwear
bn?. ftt< Ho?i"y l) »«MAA|^ (Main Floor)
Stationery in JHIl mIIFS «HI i Four-In-Hind f
beautitul jSHB 9 JUl L A £L Ties— Made of
boxes— 20c to r»kB^ r'V'T© 4^ V/^P^ j flne quality of
S1.50 each: a fflft^F - • Silk Fenu do
wide selection. I EL 'jxi*+JSY-* BEtlAtU^- ! Sole — th<*y
plete with seal I 25c; special ;
— 85c, 60c and • . J to-day — 1 cr r .
•ion. ■' *^ c
FEARFCMjY MANGLED IN
POWDER EXPERIMENTS
Indiana Inventor Ixwes Two Hands.
His Eyesight and Part of - :
Left Side.
HAMMOND, Ind., Dec. 15. — Henry
Mitchell, an inventor, was fearfully
mangled at Reynolds while experi
menting with a smokeless powder,
which he interfded to submit for the
use of the United States army. He
was grinding the powder when a quan
tity of It exploded, blowing oft his two
hands, a part'of his left side and de
stroying his eyesight.
INSANE TOURIST IS SHOT • -
APTEK STABBING TWO MEN
Canadian on Pleasure Trip Suddenly
Loses Mind and Cuts Railroad
Employe and Officer.
EL PASO, Tex., Dec. 15. — Joseph
Craug. a veterinary surgeon from On
tario, Canada, en route to Los Angeles
andftSan Francisco on a pleasure trip,
became suddenly insane here, cutting
and seriously if not fatally wounding
W. D. Richards, a railroad man, and
Police Captain W. D. Greet. Craug in
turn was shot .by a policeman, but
was not killed. . r>
Send Messages 725 Miles.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Dec. 15.—
Wireless telegraph messages were sent
to-day from Kansas City to Cleveland,
Ohio. 725 miles, without -relay. This
is said to be the longest distance over
land ever covered.
Roosevelt's Plurality 175,552.
ALBANY, N. Y.. Dec. 15. — Roose
velt's plurality in the State of New
York at the last election was 175,552,
TO ADVERTISERS.
Owing to the large
amount of work incident to
the issue of THE CALL
HOLIDAY EDITION.
SUNDAY, DEC. 18, NO
DISPLAY ADVERTIS-
ING copy will be accepted
for that edition after : 6
P. M. Saturday, and NO
CLASSIFIED Ads after 9
P. M.:^*;'-'-;.;;^-^
GET YOUR COPY IN
EARLY.
as shown by the official returns cer
tified to-day by the Board of State
Canvassers. That of Higgins for Gov
ernor was 80,560. Parker Is shown
to have run nearly 49,000 behind Her
rick, the Democratic candidate for
Governor.
A remedy especially designed for the
treatment of all kidney, liver, stomach
and bowel troubles is Lash's Bitters. •
Jury In Gambling Case Disagrees.
SEATTLE, Wash., Dec. 15. — Dave
Argyle, the first gambler to be tried
in King County under the law making
it a felony to operate games of chance,
was acquitted by a jury in the Su
perior Court this morning. The Jury
was out for eighteen hours and took
thirty-six ballots.
We sometimes think it is foolish to
worry over trying to not worry-
78
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHX D. 6PRECKELS Proprietor
ADDRESS ALL COMMUNICATIONS TO
JOHN Mc?f ACGHT Manager
rVBLZCATION OFTICE ......THIRD AND MARKET STREETS. SAN FRANCISCO
FRIDAY j f DECEMBER 16, 1904
THE NEW BILL OF LADING.
IX commerce the bill of lading is negotiable commercial paper.
It represents its value in property shipped to market. In finance
the draft follows the bill of lading, and is met at the point of
exchange. This process has the validation and support of the law
of common carriers. A railroad, being a common carrier, is re
sponsible for the safe delivery of the merchandise which it is paid
to carry, and under the law must make good any loss, except it be
caused by what the law recognizes as "the act of God," that is to
*say, by something unforeseen and against which foreguarding is im-
The views of the President respc ' : ng the. need of proper, eco
nomic and conservative regulation of . uses of combined capital
are promptly supported by a combination that has appeared among
all of the leading railroads of the country for the purpose of avoiding
their liability as common carriers. This combination has prepared
and printed the enormous number of 55,000,000 bills of lading of two
classes. One of these forms advances the freight rate 20 per cent
and guarantees the shipper against loss of his property in transit.
The other form docs not advance the rate," but expressly , provides
that the railroad shall not be responsible for any loss. The shipper
may take his choice. The first form turns the railroad into an in
surance company, and the shipper pays to it a 20 per cent premium
to insure him from loss. The second form makes every shipper his
own insurer, and both forms evade the* responsibility of the railroad
as a common carrier. It is announced that if this scheme work it
.will be applied also to passenger transportation. There will be two
kinds of tickets, as of bills of lading, and a traveler will insure him
self by paying a higher rjrice for his ticket, or he will go uninsured
on a cheaper ticket and the railroad will not be responsible for kill
ing or wounding him.
The first publicity was given to the new .bill of lading by the
bankers. Under the existing system, when an owner of property
ships it to a market, his bill of lading is taken as collateral at a bank.
He can borrow money on it, and the bank draft goes forward with the
bill of lading to the consignee, and is paid when the property is sold.
But the new bill of lading of the first class, carrying the 20 per cent
advance in the freight rate, is marked "not negotiable," which means
that it is not commercial paper, has no mobility, and cannot be used
as" collateral. The bill of lading of the second class, as it releases
the railroad from all responsibility for loss of the property it covers,
is not negotiable, for the property is at owner's risk, and if a
bank took the bill it would become the insurer of the property and
have to stand its loss.
This proposed change is the most threatening that has ever ap
peared in the history of commerce. It works backward into the
whole field of production and exchange, and forward into the whole
field of consumption. Under it the small shipper would disappear.
He must use his credit, in the form of the bill of lading, for his
capital. He cannot safely ship unless protected by the common car
rier's liability, nor can he do business without the use of his credit,
represented by the bill of lading. It is because he cannot do this
that he is a small shipper. He is a competitor in factoring the
products of the country, and has a function that is absolutely neces
?ary for the protection of the producer as well as the consumer. But
the new bill of lading destroys him. It gives combined capital, in
the hands of the big shipper, the monopoly of the factoring of the
products of the country. Such capital does not need to negotiate the
bill of lading; it does not need to use credit at all. It can ship on
the bill of lading of the first class, pay its 20 per cent premium in the
form of increased rate and charge the advance off to the consumer.
It will be seen then that the new bill of lading creates auto
matically a trust in the factoring and shipping of all the products
of the country. Taking advantage of the contractual relation that
necessarily exists between the common carrier and the shipper, this
bill releases the railroad from common carrier liability. The revolu
tion in methods is so thorough, so far reaching and so injurious
that we believe the courts will invalidate the new bill of lading as a
contract in restraint of trade and against good conscience and pub
lic policy. President Roosevelt has exposed the effect of rebates
and declared that they must stop. Commercial methods are analo
gous by their effect. The rebate favors one shipper over another. It
is a covert arrangement to destroy competition in the factoring and
shipping of the products of the country. It automatically creates a
trust in such business. The egg out of which the Standard Oil trust
hatched was a rebate. It is perfectly plain that the new bill of
lading is a substitute for the rebate. It is analogous because its
effect is the same. As the rebate is open to legislative prohibition, so
must be this substitute for it.
The new bills were to go into effect January 1 next. The banks
sounded the alarm and a hurried hearing, for which the shippers
were imperfectly prepared, was called before the Interstate Com
merce Commission. Xo conclusion has been reached b} r the com
mission, but the hearing resulted in the "uniform bill of lading" com
mittee, representing all the railroads, agreeing to postpone use of
the new bill until February 1, 1905. This extension of time should
be used by the banks, commercial bodies and organizations of'pro
ducers in covering the whole country not only with protests but
with testimony to the injurious effect of the new* bill of lading. One
banker put it in a nutshell when he said: "Under the common car
rier's liability law we always knew that the bill of lading would
produce either the goods or the money." To this the railroads
pleaded that the. increased losses of property in transit make it nec
essary to increase freight rates 20 per cent, if the roads are to con
tinue to stand the loss. To this it is properly answered that the
losses in transit are caused^ by the acts of the railroad and its
agent?, and if the loss is too great let it be reduced by greater care
and discipline. But is it true that the railroads cannot stand the
losses caused by themselves? In 1903 their total earnings were
$1,342487,051, their losses were only $13,726,508, and their profits
$197,148,576. From this it does not appear that they are impov
erished under their liability as common carriers. j
The commerce of California is vitally interested in this matter
and our bankers and commercial bodies should keep informed
about it.
RECOGNITION FOR LUTHER BURBANK.
•""VMJFORNIAX horticulturists will be pleased at the news
I. which comes from Washington to the effect that the trustees
V " - Tof the Carnegie Institute have decided to settle upon Luther
Burbank, "the plant wizard," a ten-year endowment, sufficient to
equip him thoroughly for continued experiments along the lines of
plant hybridization. This recognition from the directors of the
Carnegie Institute is designed to come as a practical measure for
promoting the work which Mr. Burbank is doing for horticultur
ists the country over.
Xo more deserved benefice has ever fallen to a man of science.
For thirty years Luther Burbank has been evolving new plants,
new fruits, new flowers as the result of tireless experiment and dar
ing invention. Plums without:, pits, walnuts that are . nearly all
meat, potatoes doubling in size their humble progenitors, flowers
streaked and spotted as never even indulgent nature painted— these
have all come from Burbank's experiment farm up in Sonoma
County. Only within the last week has the report come down from
his laboratory that an ever-blooming Australian lily is the latest
achievement of science over nature- to mark the ingenuity of the
wizard.
The practical benefit accruing from these many, innovations
may be measured by the horticulturists of the State in set terms
of dollars and cents. At present time the Burbank quince flourishes
among the most prolific of fruit frees. Of the various breeds of
plum and prune most remunerative to the grower Burbarik's hybrid
productions lead. Not only in this State but throughout the East
the influence of the wizard's efforts finds substantial place . in the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1904.
SPRING SONG
By (k. M. Davies Ogden.
_^ BREATH of spring was already
M in the air. March had come, the
winter was over, and to-night
f\ was the last opera night of the
J . season. "Die Walkure" was
▼ being given with a phenomenal
cast, and the house was crowded. Even
the boxes filled early.
Mrs. Wilmore, gorgeous, fussy, im
portant in white satin with rows of
emeralds, fluttered to her Beat, care
fully assigning the places for her three
guests. She had brought Mabel with
her for a definite purpose which she
did not mean should miscarry, and as
the girl leaned back in the chair, her
aunt eyed her sharply. But Mabel had
sense! She knew what was expected
of her, and after their talk this after
noon she was not likely to do anything
foolish. Luckily that affair with young
Cortright was ended. And Mrs. Wil
more turned to chat at her ease with
the elderly beau at her shoulder. Music
held no charms for her.
•The girl, too, stared in but listless
fashion at the stage where Sigmund
lay exhausted by the dying fire. What
significance did it hold for her? Once
she had loved music, but now — The
girl shivered slightly, feeling that all
emotion lay dead in her heart. Henc,e
forth luxury, comfort; was to be her
desire. Glancing up at the gallery
gods, where they leaned In ecstacy, her
lip curled in memory of the times when
she, too, had sat there, contrasting
those times unfavorably with her pres
ent position. And that cold little room
that she called home!
The man beside her could give all
that heart could wish; the countless re
sources of immense wealth lay at his
command. And to-night she had been
brought here that he might ask her to
Bhare all this. Tamely she sat, await
ing his pleasure. For a moment the
girl's pride revolted— a hot flush burned
her face. It had not been like this
when Randolph had begged her to wait
for him.
"I love you! I love you!" he had
Faifl, his clear blue young eyes looking
straight into hers. "And -when I. have
won a home I shall come for you."
But that was a year and more ago
now. And matters had been growing
steadily worse with her. First had
come the long illness, using up her
little hoard; then her difficult strug
gle to resume work. How different
everything would have been if her
father had only lived. Her mother
was a mere vague, beautiful memory.
There was only Aunt Ella left. And
Aunt Ella, though she meant to be
kind, was not generous. Then Gran
ville Whittaker had appeared on the
scene and, to her aunt's unbounded
triumph, had been captured by the
girl's high bred beauty. Thereafter,
morning, noon and night, Aunt Ella
had impressed upon her the duty of
accepting this opportunity.
"Think of all you can do with such
a fortune," she urged. "All the peo
ple you could help," skillfully striking
the effective chords. 'I All the good
you could do." And Mabel, tired, ex
hausted, felt her resistance breaking.
A month ago she had written Ran
dolph a few lines telling him that they
were too poor to marry — that an en
gagement between them was not fair
to either. (Aunt Ella's suggestion,
this.) And there had been no an
swer. Somehow she had not expected
him to let her go quite so easily; it
was not like him. Aunt Ella must be
right in saying that men forgot light
ly. She had waited, hoping for — she
knew not what. But now she felt
that the crisis could be put off no
longer. And, unemotionally, she
awaited the crucial moment.
But in spite of herself the glorious,
wondrous harmonies sweeping through
the orchestra began to assert their an
cient sway. On the stage^Sieglinde, all
in white, came creeping down the stair,
and Siegmund sprang to his feet. The
girl felt the starved sympathies within
her awakening. And then, with a sud
den soft preluding of exquisite sweet
ness, Siegmund broke into the full rush
and swing of the spring song, "Winter
Storms Now Wane to the Winsome
Moons."
The notes poured out in a very flood
of exultant joyousness. Mabel's throat'
contracted, her eyes glowed. "Thou art
the spring," rang Sieglinde's rapturous
answer, and the girl, utterly oblivious of
all else, bent forward, her lips parted,
her breath quietening, absorbed, en-
LIFE'S SUNNY SIDE
CIRCUS TALK.
Manager (in haste)— I hear the "leop
ard boy" is missing.
Keeper of the Sideshow— Tut! tut!
I've got him spotted air right.
scheme of scientific farming. By him are California's fruit and
flowers not only advertised through wide distribution, but improved
upon before the incredulous eyes of horticulturists. One who can
bring innovations for " the better to this State's fruit and flower
wealth is certainly deserving of substantial encouragement.
It Is safe to say that long beXpre the end of the administration of Theo
dore Roosevelt, the so-called firebrand and war devotee, the American repub
lic will be party to-several more arbitration treaties and will do more than
Its full share to bring about the reign of reason and Justice in the Inter
national affairs of civilized countries.— Cleveland 1 Leader. /
The selection of King Alfonso of ; Spain j by Nicaragua and Honduras to
arbitrate the boundary dispute between these two countries Is funny. Per
haps the dear boy is expected simply to! toss up a penny -for them— Boston
Herald. • . :' • ,
Secretary Taf t reports "that the ; troops : of . the United > States are the , best
fed, best clothed and best sheltered troops in the world." He might have
added "and. the best pensioned/'-^KTew York World. - ....
thralled by the mighty weaving web of
melodies. Whittaker spoke, but she did
not hear. Her aunt frowned. But the
girl, conscious only of a Budden passion
for outdoors, for J the eternal verities,
for life, was. beyond the reach of criti
cism.
The curtain fell, and with a little sigh^
Mabel came -slowly back to earth. A
quick, cynical curve marred her mouth.
Spring— what was spring after all? A
He stood in the aisle, his eyes
fixed on her.
cheat, an illusion of the sense! A
beautiful dream that melted inevitably
Into the frosts and chill of winter!
There was no spriffg for her!
And then she. saw him. He stood in
the aisle, his eyes Jlxed on hers; then
he moved toward the nearest door. As
she waited the girl became dully aware
that she was trembling. The elderly
beau rose to leave the box, and as h*
passed out Randolph entered. Unheed
ful of the chill civility of Mrs. WH
more's bow, Cortright turned to the
gjrl.
"I went to your apartment, but they
told me that you had gone to the
opera," he said. "May I have a word
with you?"
Mrs. "Wilmore's frown was portentous.
"I am sure you can have nothing to
say to my niece that any one may not
hear," she said with stately politeness.
Cortright bowed.
"As you please. There is certainly
no thing that I am ashamed of," he
returned steadily. "Mabel, when your
letter came I- was out on the range; it
was delayed some weeks before I re
ceived It. After I had read it, for one
whole night I thought, thought hard;
then' I took the first train East. And
I am going to take you back with me.
I cannot risk losing you again." There
was a masterful ring- to' the words that
made the girl's heart - leap. . There
were men yet left in the world then!
"I have only this one night," went
on Cortright. "To-morrow we must
return, for this is a busy time. The
life is hard, yet it is fine, too. I — I do
not think it would be. too hard," wist
fully. "And I love you! I love you!
Surely you know that," his voice drop
ping to entreatj'. "So come!" The
cry was as insistent . as the call of
primitive man j to his mate, and in
voluntarily the girl rose to her feet.
"Thou art the spring," she breathed,
echoing Sleglinde's cry, "the spring
I awaited!" All at once, in a sudden
flash of perception, she understood
that she had grasped the wrong end
of the truth; it was the spring that
was real. Winter was but the sturdy
guardian that watched over the tender
thing while it yet slept in the earth's
warm breast. Forgetful of Whittaker's
scowl, her aunt's anger, she moved
forward to where Cortright stood,
and lifting her eyes in a long loyal
gaze laid her hand in his.
"I am ready," she said simply.
"Shall we go?"
(Copyright. l§04, by A. M. Davies
TS PUGDOM.
Knockout— I don't agree wid dem
guys what says we scrappers are un
feeling.
Uppercut— Why ?
Knockout— Because we generally feel
for each other wid both hands, don't
we? ; ■ .':;::-j
THE VOICE.
IN that dim time when man was still
a brute.
He heard a Voice seductive as the
breeze
That kisses April buds. It wooed from
out
The heart of God. It moved wfthin him
slow,
Like faint, far echo from a new-struck
harp— •
It thrilled him to a strange and sad un
rest >
No power had he to speak this pregnant
stir
To forceful words—^to music — unto song;
But ah. the pain of that far distant time
When instincts . primal smote the con
sciousness,
When dazed eyes hot with unshed tears
looked out
Upon a brutish body, fanged and haired.
By day or night through all the endless
years
Ne'er ceased the Voice to sound its vi
brant call,
He heard it in the thunder's rolling
shock.
And on the wind that stirred him from
his lair; '
The shadow-hunted forest seemed alive
With a compelling force that took no
shape.
And when he stole his mate by strength
alone,
Something within him promising delight.
The fruitful impulse struck his lust
aside
And fixed his Joy upon the child instead.
Out from the dark to light he swiftly
grew.
Urged by the wondrous Voice that taught
him love.
The Vdice divine! He hears It clearly
now;
And all the heritage of memory
Stored in the boundless caves of time is
his.
For his interpretive ability
To reincarnate here — that man may
know
How long God called him ere he under
stood.
And still the earth moves on In rhythmic
swing.
Majestic with the farthest planets'
march;
And still God sends his Voice across the
wild.
Forevermore the struggling man shall
hear
And, hearing, tireless go the sorrowed
road.
His sonship proving — answering the
Voice.
— Valerie de Mude Kelsey, in the De
cember Booklovers.
JAPANESE WIDOW'S HAIR
When a Japanese woman becomes a
widow it is customary for her to cut
off part of her hair and bury it In the
coffin with the body of her husband,
but as she may please herself about
it this sacrifice is not often large
enough to spoil her pretty coiffure, un
less, indeed, she determine to wear for
ever the badge of widowhood, and 1 give
her life In complete devotion to the
memory of the departed, in which case
she cuts it all off and thenceforth
never permits it to grow. There are a
great many women in Japan, and es
pecially in the heart of the country,
where foreign Influence has never
reached, who wear their hair bobbed
like a small boy's and oftentimes part
ed jauntily on the side; and by this
sign one may be sure that they are
widows, and that they hang many
prayer slips at the temple doors and
give their passing days in patient,
sweet devotion to the family and the
home wherein they are sure to be much
loved.— Eleanor Franklin in 'Leslie's
Weekly.
PARIS HOLIDAY SHOPPING
We had an exhausting day in Paris,
but managed to get pretty nearly
everything. The little children were
easily disposed of — dolls, drums, wood
en horses, etc.; but the bigger boys and
girls, who have outgrown toys, are
more difficult to suit. However, with
knives, paint boxes, lotos (geographical
and historical) for the boys; and hand
kerchief and work boxes, morocco bags,
etc, we did finally get our fifty ob
jects. There are always extra children
cropping up. Shopping was not very
easy, as the streets and boulevards
were crowded and slippery. We had a
fairly good cab, but the time seemed
endless. The big bazaars— Hotel de
Ville, rue d'Amsterdam, etc. — were the
most amusing; really, one could/ get
anything from a five-sou doll to a
menagere (the little cooking stove all
the peasant women use in their cot
tages). When we finally became al
most distracted with the confusion and
the crowd and our list, we asked the
boy what he had liked when he was 11
years old at school; and he assured us
all boys liked knives and guns. — From
"Christmas in the Valois," • by Mary
King Waddlngton, in the December
Scribner's. ■ '
COMPLIMENTS THE CALL.
The San Francisco (Cal.) Call pub
lished a special American Federation of
Labor convention number the Sunday
preceding the opening of the meeting.
It contained well-written articles by
the officers of the federation and lo
cal labor leaders, accompanied by
splendid halftones of the writers and
prominent delegates. The Call has
every reason to feel proud of the edi
tion.—The Typographical Journal.-
KNEW HIS LIMITATIONS.
An applicant for a position on the
detective force was being examined.
"Here," said the inspector, handing
him a garment, "find the pocket In
that."
It was a woman's skirt, and the ap
plicant was shrewd enough to realize
that fate was against him, and at once
he gave it up. x The inspector was
much impressed by his cleverness.
"If you're sharp enough," he *aid.
"to know that it's no use to look for
it, you're sharp enough to make a de
tective."—Puck.
HOME COOKERY.
Fig Cake. — Three eggs, two cups of
flour, one and one-half cups of sugar,
one-half cup of butter, 'one-half cup
of milk, one teaspoon soda. = To one
third of this add one-half spoon of
cloves, one teaspoon cinnamon, one
teaspoon nutmeg, one-half pound of
figs, one-half pound of raisins.
: Fried Cakes.— One cup sour milk,
one" and a half cups sugar, " one tea
spoon soda, three eggs, one tablespoon
melted butter. •
V White '■ Sponge Cake.— Whites of
eleven eggs, beaten ; stiff, one and a
half cups powdered sugar, one cup
flour, ; : one teaspoon cream of tartar.
Stir sugar, flour, cream - tartar and . a
pinch. of : salt well ; together," then add
flavoring, stirring lightly. •
THE SMART SET
BY SALLY SHARP.
Miss Elsie Clifford will bow to the so
ciety world thi3 evening, the event, a
large dance, to take place in the build
ing of Arts and Crafts, on Presidio
avenue. Nearly a hundred guests have
been asked, and the preparation and
prospect insure one of the happiest of
debutante aCairs for this season.
The spacious residence of Mr. and Mrs.
J. Downey Harvey and Miss Anita Har
vey was the scene of an elaborate tea
yesterday afternoon. The halls and
drawing-room were profusely adorned
with American Beauty roses, while
bridesmaid roses and soft pink lights
were used In the dining-room. Nearly
six hundred guests arrived to enjoy the
affair, which was the largest of the
winter teas. In the receiving party
were Mrs. Harvey, Miss Harvey. Mrs.
Eleanor Martin, Mrs. Reginald Brooke,
Mrs. Cutter, Mrs. Walter S. Martin,
Miss Gertrude Hyde-Smith. Miss Mar
garet Hyde-Smith. Miss Maud Bourn,
Miss Gertrude Josselyn and Miss Mar
jorie Josselyn.
The beautiful Kohl home on Pacific
avenue was a scene of animation and
beauty on Wednesday afternoon, when
Mrs. ~C. Frederick Kohl entertained a
large number of guests at cards. Amer
ican Beauty roses predominated In the
decoration, and the halls and drawing
room were filled with them. The play
ers were thoroughly interested in their
game and the following won prizes:
Mrs. Schwerin, Mrs. Boaxdman, Mrs.
Eugene Murphy, Mrs. Josselyn, Mrs. H.
M. A. Miller, Mrs. B. B. Cutter. Miss
Ella Morgan and Miss Eva Maynard.
Mrs. Kohl entertained about a hun
dred guests.
At the Wednesday evening salon, held
by Miss Marie Withrow and Miss Eva
Withrow, a delightful evening was
spent in music, conversation and a
stroll through Miss Eva Withrow's
studio, which is perfect in location and
arrangement. Piano solos of most fin
ished execution were given by Charles
Dutton of Berkeley and Frederick Blg
gerstaff. Among the guests were: Miss
Olivia Holden, Miss Virginia Jolliffe,
Mrs. Brown, Mr. and Mrs. Allan Dunn
of Honolulu. Matteo Sandona, Charles
H. Lombard. Frederick Biggerstaff,
Charles Dutton.
The coming Greenway ball will be
preceded by the usual number of din
ners. One hostess on that evening will
be Mrs. Horace Pillsbury, who will en
tertain several of the debutantes.
General and Mrs. C. A. Woodruff
were the guests of honor last evening
at a dinner given by General and Mrs.
Austin A. Coolidge. The brilliant poin
settia was used in table decoration and
with the addition of many bright shad
ed candelabra, the effect was most
MIRROR OF DAME FASHION
THE vogue of the separate waist Is by no means on the decline, an ru
mors to the contrary notwithstanding. In this Forsythe elaborate dinner
production" there Is a carefully boned and fitted lining of a china blue
silk, over which accordeon pleated mallnes In black is scantily draped.
Over this there are scattered at irregular intervals exquisite motifs of black
thread lace, In which the pattern Is picked out with tiny nacre (mother-of
pearl) spangles. The maline is cut away beneath the lace and a gold
spangled chiffon Inserted. The sleeves have huge, loose puffs of maline,
with the lace motifs at intervals, and the fitted cuff, that reaches almost to
the elbow, is entirely of lace over white chiffon. The fastening Is in the back,
thus leaving the fronts unbroken for decoration.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
ICE— Enq., City. It is said that Ice
ten inches thick will sustain a pressure
of 1000 pounds to the square foot.
SHAKES— A. O. R.. City. The shocks
that were felt in this city at 1 o'clock
December 1 were earth tremblings, not
coming up to the dignity of an earth
quake.
ANTI-CHINESE VOTB-H. J. S.,
City. At, the \ Qubernatorial election
held in California in 1S79 the Chinese
question was submitted to the voters of
the State with the ' following result:
In favor of Chinese Immigration, 883;
against, 154,638.
HENNA LEAVES-A. O. S., City. In
the Far East henna leaves are dried,
powdered and made into a paste with
hot water and catchu, which is very
generally ■ used by women there to
stain nails and tips of the fingers an
orange color. The men of that coun-
pleasing. General and Mrs. Woodruff,
Color.el and Mrs. Patten. Major Brown
of the Fourth Cavalry and Mrs. Brown
were the guests who enjoyed a delight
ful evening.
Mrs. C. O. G. Miller was guest of
honor yesterday at a tea given by her
sister-in-law, Mrs. H. M. A. Miller, at
Century Hall. From 3 to 6 these pretty
rooms presented a revolving picture of
beauty as the many guests passed to
and fro. Greens only were used in
decoration and in such quantity that a
delightful effect was gained. Assist
ing Mrs. Miller were: Mrs. C. O. G.
Miller, Mrs. Louis Monteagle, Mrs. Wil
liam Sherwood. Mrs. Horace Hill. Mrs.
Horace Pillsbury. Mrs. Alfred Tubba,
Mrs. Warren Clark. Mrs. Donald Camp
bell, Miss Carol Moore, Miss Charlotte
Wilson.
Miss Mary Nichols and Philip Lans
dale were quietly married In St Mat
thew's Church. San Mateo, yesterday
afternoon. Bishop William Ford Nich
ols, father of the bride, performed the
ceremony in the presence of the family
only. The bride, gowned In white. wa3
unattended. Philip Lansdale Is a
nephew of the late Lieutenant Philip
Landsdale. U. S. N.. and a son of Mr.
and Mrs. Edward Lansdale of Phila
delphia.
The engagement Is announced of
Miss Ella McClure to Lieutenant Wil
liam J. O'Laughlln. The bride 13 the
daughter of Captain and Mrs. Nathan
iel Fish McClure and is with her par
ents in Arizona.
Rev. and Mra, Cuthbert hare re
turned from their wedding trip and
axe visiting at the home of Mrs. Cuth
bert'a parents, Mr. and Mrs. Simpson.
On December 23 Mr. and Mr*. Cuth
bert will sail for their new home in
Kioto, Japan.
Miss Thornton of Fresno was th»
honored guest at a luncheon given
yesterday by Miss Katherine Herrtn.
The wedding of Miss Marie Ruef.
sister of Abraham Ruef, and Aaron
Altmann. artist and Park Commis
sioner, will take place Sunday after
noon at 5 o'clock in the California Ho
tel. « "
Mrs. George Evans, -who has been
visiting at the Presidio for two
months, returned yesterday to her
home in Seattle.
The engagement is announced of
Miss Leontine Denker of Los Angeles
to Dr. A. H. Gianninl of this city.
Miss Denker is a daughter of the lat<*
A. H. penker. and Dr. Gianninl served
as a United States surgeon In the
Spanish war and has been executive
officer at the Presidio hospital. The
wedding will take place next fall.
try use this to dye their beards, the
orange color being converted into a
deep black by the use of indigo, which
w added to the paste.
PORTLAND FIRE— Subscriber. City.
The great fire in Portland. Me., which
destroyed property valued at J15.000.000.
occurred July 4, 1SS6.
Time to send Townsend's Glace Fruits
by Express for Christmas. •
Townsend's California Glace frnlt* In
artistic flre-etched boxes. 715 Market st.
and Wakelee's Drug Store. •
Special Information supplied dally ta
business houses and publio men by ta«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allea s). 3D Cai»»
xornla street. Telephone Main 194X •
Christmas Fountain Pens.
We are selling agents and sole agents
fcr the best fountains In th« world.
Prices $1.00. $* 00. $2.50 up to $7.50. Sat
lslactfon or money returned. Sanbora.
Vail & Ox. 741 Market street. •. . ...^-^.-^■^-^ jw _ADVERTISPlEm
f Miss Nellie Holmes, treasurer of the||
Young- Woman's Temperance Association
of Buffalo, N. Y., strongly advises all suf-
fering women to rely, as she did, upon
Lydia E* Pinkham's Vegetable Compound*
•"••Dx±B Mes. Pctkhxm: — Your medicine Is indeed an ideal woman's
raedreme, and by far the best I know to restore lost health and strength. I
*-.iffered misery for several years, being troubled with menorrhagia. My back
ached, I had bearing-dotm . pains and frequent headaches. I would often
rrake from restful sleep, and in such pain that I suffered for hours before I
could g-o to sleep again. I dreaded the long nights as much as the weary days.
I consulted two different physicians, hoping to get relief, buti finding that
tbeir medicine did not seem to cure me, I tried your Vegetable Compound
oa the recommendation of a friend from the East who was risking me.
■ " I *ni glad that I followed her advice, for every ache and pain is gone,
end irot only this, but my general health is much improved. I have a fine
appetite and have gained in flesh. My earnest advice to suffering women is
to put away ail other medicines and to take Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege-
table Compound."— Miss Xklixe Holmes, 540 No. Division St., Buffalo, N.Y.
fliss Irene Crosby, prominent In Social Life in Ea§t
Savanah, Ga., adds her testimonial to the value
of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.
-■ . Hjk Deab Mbs. Pejkham : — "It always gives
j^^S&r^."^ me pl easurc to find an article of real value
• JB&rTff ■$£*'&f&t^¥BBi3M an< * unquestioned merit- I have found
i^K{\V-^VS^?teJr3H Lydla Pinklmm's Vegetable Com-
Jggf ; »•* ..-—? K§1 Pound well calculated to relieve and cure
■ '-— --V r-i 0>"~^S£*&Xb ffiya tb- e various troubles arising from irregulari-
Ss&Z^^n 'firja «S3 ties and menstrua l pains.
>3(g2p3M / J^r \±*i " *** ucn suffering could be spared if we
S° (f gSi only paid more attention to proper living and
■^3P^A *^^ fl K--J di et ' but as l° n ? as ""'omen do not do this,
l~£|£jV \y\\ JsTdj vour Vegetable Compound has come to
. -TS-grtJy^y^rfCf-* Vh /gjr^jj3 the front as a true friend in need. I have
BggBK*Jx :Jf ?V^8SBBsS bee 0 verv pleased indeed with the relief it
WmPSr\ >T/\ji{ y^wn has brought me. I find that I have perfect
E/lr /*/ ' s\\ f nea -lth now, and that mv mind is also more'
jr/ 1 /U / ' Jj / clear and active since I used yonr Vege-
V /v I f *) ' I tob^ e Compound. It has been of great
f f \ / h I i ' I benefit to me, and I gladly recommend it.
f •;/'• .-. I I Very sincerely yours, Miss Irene Crosby,
V ■ I \i t. * 313 East Charlton St., East Savannah, Ga."
Remember that every woman is cordially invited to write to
•Sirs. Pinkham if there is anything: about her case or symptoms
she docs not understand. Mrs. Pinkham's address is Lynn, Mass.
Her advice is free, and is cheerfully given to any ailing woman
ApAAA FORFEIT '•* *• cannot forthwith prodnee the origlo&l letters and sifnararet of
\n| at>ove tcsuaaaiali, wfcich vill prove their absolute genninenete.
CwUwU Lydl* E. Finkb»m Msrf. Co., Lynn. Maia.
Physicians Want Better Pay.
SANTA ROSA. Dec. 15. — The doc
tors of Sonoma County have decided
that henceforth they will not accept
appointments as lodjre doctors. The
.rloetor* do not feel that they receive
e<* equate compensation for their ser
rtcet as physicians for fraternal or
rarlsatlons.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
\: : \ This Cap Label §
i9 is a guarantee cf the purify ffl&
\ i\ flrxj richness cf our ¥^i
11 Brand m
S Evaporated m
H <3i*eani m
fp $5,000 reward PS
£H to arr/ooo able to prove f[gff
ekjISw Gt our product. jbBS^
MI Orer the World
you will find Beecham's Pills
famous because of tfaeir good
vrorks. People of all classes
and nations have for over fifty
years kept their Livers right
and Digestion good by using
Beecham's
Bold Everywhere. In boxes 10c. and 25c.
BURGLARS MAKE
DAYLIGHT RAID
v .
Operate in Richmond Dis
trict, Taking Advantage of
Lack of Police Protection
Criminals, taking advantage of the
lack of police protection, are continuing
operations In the Richmond district.
The latest crime reported to the de
partment involves an exciting night for
Mrs. Joseph Prince, who lives at 33
Twenty-first avenue, and a loss to her
husband of' $30 and some effects of
minor value.
Mr. Prince reported to the police that
last Tuesday night about 7 o'clock his
wife, who was alone in the house, was
startled by the loud ringing of the door
bell. She went to the front of the house
and on lighting the gas heard some one
run away. Later, she thinks about 11
o'clock, she beard hammering, as
though tome one was trying to force
an entrance to the basement. She was
greatly startled and was at a loss what
to do when her husband arrived.
She called to ftirn, warning him not to
go to the basement, saying a burglar
was there. Disregarding her fears, Mr.
Prince got a lantern and a revolver and
searched the building, but found no
one.
Wednesday afternoon Mrs. Prince left
her home to do some shopping. When
she returned that evening she found
that thieves had succeeded in their ef
fort'to loot the dwelling. Everything
had been ransacked in the search for
treasure, and even the carpets were
torn up by the burglars In search of
coin. From the condition of the din
ing-room It was plain that after steal-
Ing all they could find the thieves sat
down and enjoyed a repast.
There* is but one mounted policeman
in the whole district where the crime
occurred, and the people of Richmond
ask that they be given better protection
against burglars and petty thieves.
Clerks and Timekeepers Wanted.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces that examinations
will be held at San Francisco, Los An
geles, Marysville, Fresno ' and Reno
on January 18 for the positions of
clerk, bookkeeper and timekeeper for
the Panama canal. Age limit, 1$ to
40 years. Salary for clerk and book
keeper, from $76 to $125 per month;
salary for assistant timekeeper, $60
per month; timekeeper, $75 tp $100
per month; general timekeeper, $125
per month. .Apply to the United States
Civil Service Commission, Washington.
1>. C, or to the secretary of the Board
of Civil Service Examiners, 301 Jack
son street, San Francisco, for appli
cation form 301.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", FRIDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1904.
MYRTLE'S AUNT
ON THE STAND
Doctor's Neglect Depicted
by Relative Who Advanced
Money to Girl's Husband
MOTHER ADMITS HATE
Mrs. Estes Says She Had Rea
sons for Strong Dislike.
Many Divorces Granted
The trial of the Kstes divorce case
was concluded before Judge Kerrigan
yesterday afternoon, then submitted
without argument. The principal wit
ness in behalf of the defendant, Myrtle
Scott Estes, was her aunt, Mrs. Ne
vada G. Baker, wife of E. Dexter Ba
ker, ranch owner and investor. Mrs.
Baker said that her niece was gentle,
kind and loving to Dr. Estes, and that
the latter was capable, brilliant and
gentlemanly when not under the in
fluence of morphine.
She told of the vicissitudes of the
young: couple, and said that the doctor
seldom, if ever, provided for his wife.
They had to leave their trunks at the
St. Nicholas Hotel in lieu of pay for
their beard. Mrs. Baker said that she
loaned Estes $80 with which to buy
office furniture and $15 to get his
clothes out of pawn. She declared that
at times Myrtle was almost starved
and so thin that it was pitiful to see
her.
Mrs. Wadsworth, daughter of Mrs.
Atkinson, manager of the sanitarium
on Sutter street, said that, Estes was
addicted to morphine and asked for a
dope when he was brought there for
treatment. She said the doctor's mother
would not pay for his treatment and
the wife could not afford it. Mrs. Ba
ker's story was corroborated by M. A.
French, grandfather of the chorus girl,
and Alex Vayssie, clerk of the Gray
stone. Edward Weller, clerk of the St.
Nicholas, and Mr. and Mrs. George S.
Stevenson, proprietors of the rooming
house at 625 Hyde street, . were called
to testify to facts in support of the
contention that Estes had lived with
his wife within the last year.
Mrs. Estes Sr. was called In rebuttal,
and declared that on the flates named
her son was always at home with her.
She admitted that she did not like her
wm's wife. The letter calling her a
"fiend" was admitted In evidence. .
Linda F. Klrchof, whose husband, F.
B. Kirchof, is a bookkeeper with a
salary of $100 a month and an income
of $1000 a year from property, yester
day sued him for $100 a month separate
maintenance. They were married In
1876, and he is said to have deserted
her five years ago.
Judge Sloss granted a divorce to Lll
lie Roe Luke from John Luke, a
plumber whom she married In 1SS5. He
was cruel, and one of his abuses was
to strike her with a hot soldering iron.
The wife was allowed $30 a month ali
mony and the custody of four chil
dren.
Others divorced were: By Judge Heb
bard—Thomas M. Seavey from Cath
erine Seavey, cruelty; Francis A. Mc-
Laughlin from Sarah A. McLaughlin,
desertion; Edward Downs from Emma
Downs, desertion; Clara T. Wilmarth
from Charles Y. Wilmarth, desertion.
By Judge Seawell — To William . A.
Walkerly from Frances Walkerly, de
sertion; James E. Daves from Frances
Daves, desertion. By Judge Hunt —
To Elizabeth Hill from Edward C.
Hill, neglect; John C. Webster from
Cynthia E. Webster, desertion. By
Judge Kerrigan — To Henry C. Plaus
from Cornelie PlauB, Infidelity.
Suit for divorce was filed by Thomas
Jenkins against Christiana Jenkins,
whom he married in England in 1877.
She deserted him six years ago. George
Oberly asks for a legal separation from
his wife Augusta on the ground of
her cruelty, and Ferdlnando Rossi, a
restaurant man, wants a divorce from
his wife Maria because she struck him
and does not attend to her household
duties.
BYROX HOT SPRINGS.
Ronnd-Trip Tickets Sold Fridays and
Saturdays.
Friday to Sunday and Saturday to Monday
tickets to Byron Hot Springs, sold by agents
of the Southern Pacific on Fridays and Sat
urdays. Include railway fare both ways, car
riage drive from Byron station and two days'
board and lodging at Byron Hot Springs Hotel,
all for $7 50. Ask Southern Pacific agents. •
CAPTAIN TRUEBR1DGE FIXED.— Captain
John Truebrldge of the Minnesota was fined
$100 yesterday by Customs Collector Stratton
for violating a section of the Revised Statutes
requiring masters of vessels to furnish the
Collector with a certified copy of the crew
list Immediately after arrival.
A dream of pleasure, the new two for
quarter size American. $2 75 box 25. •
TREATED FOR BLEEDING GUMS.— C. N.
Gllman of 120% Hayes street was treated at
the Central Emergency Hospital yesterday for
a ' severe bleeding of th« pirns caused by the
extraction of a tooth the day before.
ADVERTLSEMEMTS.
CHRISTMAS FtJKS
_FOR LITTLE GIRLS
All at> One- 1 nird Less /4S^
&jM^ Than Regular Prices liliGm
P||ffflPPl\**^^ an Francisco hasn't known such bargains In «^$r^^rjBHJj||
many a year. This is the way the saving runs— • fl^jHSl
f&Wffig$l&F ' K*- 00 Thibet Sets for 82.00 [ 87.50 Beaver Sets for. . . .... .85.00 .' !lflfir|BisV^
$3.00 Squirrel Sets for. $2.00 $10.00 Mole Sets for S6.70 ; f 'ffH^MB^
S3.75 Grebe Sets for S2.50 S10.00 Beaver Sets for $0.70 i&ftlSKHk^ff**
ftXiJPra^f; S5.00 rox Sets for S3.35 $10.00 WUte P ox Seta for. . .86.70 fcM&WHmS*
\2x*&MZ& 8 5 - 00 Xorox Sets for 83.35 $12.50 Moufflon Sets for 88.35 till|ll|Oj^
' 86.00 Krtmmer Sets for. .'. . . .83.35 $12.50 Otter Sets for'. .88.35 I- —^^^* i^
812.60 Ermine Sets for 88.35 815.00 Mole Seta for. . . . 810.00 825.00 Mink Sets for 816.70
812.50 Civet Cat Sets for 88.35 $15.00 . Gray Pox Sets for 810.00 . 825.00 Stone Marten Sets for.816.70
812.50 Sable Fox Sets for S8.35 820.00 Gray Fox Sets for. . . .313.30 825.00 White Fox Sets for. ..816.70
That little (rtrl of yonra would sro wild with dellsrht to find one of these smart and dainty sets In her stockinsr
on Xmas moraine Why not set her brltrht eyes to dancing* and her little hands to clam>lnjr? She Is one of the dear-
est, sweetest treasures yon possess, and the pleasure she will sret out of one of these sets will revay yon for Its cost
many times over— especially when you can buy at these arreatly reduced prices.
Furs make Ideal gifts for women, too. You'll find a magnificent collection of them here, and our prices are con-
splcuously reasonable. See' our Mink and Fox Stoles, also our specials In Fur Jackets and small Keck Furs.
CHRISTMAS DUMBER
ARGUE LEGALITY
OF ADOPTION
Counsel in'Monnier Contest
Fight Legal Battle Over
Birthright of Contestant
LETTERS IN EVIDENCE
Uncomplimentary Epistles of
Young Husband About His
Wife Placed on Record
The. course of the Monnfer hearing
before Judge Graham yesterday was
suspended several- hours while the
counsel for both sides were lost in the
mazes of argument relative to the ad
mission of the adoption record signed
by George Monnier and Johannie Mon
nier before Judge Charles Halsey. The
direct examination of George Monnier
Jr. was concluded yesterday and the
only new evidence evolved was the ad
mission as evidence of several letters
written by Monnier to his mother,
In which he referred to his wife In
uncomplimentary terms and expressed
the hope that the annulment proceed
ings, then in course of trial, would be
successful.
Beside the usual record of the adop
tion of George Monnler'Jr., who was
at that time known as Charles D.
Dewey, the document recited "that the
father of said child Is not In tht said
city and county of San Francisco, and
has been absent therefrom for some
years, and his whereabouts Is un
known to the mother of said minor
child and to your petitioners."
George D. Collins, for the pro
ponent, Johanne Monnier, objected to
the admission of the adoption paper
on the ground that Judge Halsey had
no Jurisdiction. He argued that from
the face of the document the paternity
of the child was unknqwn to Monnier
Sr. and that the child was adopted
without the consent of its father,
which made the Instrument Invalid.
This ground was opposed by Matt Sul
livan, for the contestant, and Judge
Graham finally set aside this after
neon for a continuance of the hear
ing of the argument. Decision in the
matter will not be given befdre to
morrow morning at 10 o'clock, when
the case will be continued.
Mrs. Mary Reilly and Mrs. Mary. A.
Connell were placed on the stand by
the contestant to tell of conversations
with the elder Monnier, in which he
admitted that his wife was not the
mother of George Monnier, but that he
was the father. The court was com
pelled to issue an attachment for the
appearance of Mrs. Connell. It de
veloped In the testimony of the wit
ness that when she was served with
the subpena she asked her husband's
advice and was told not to appear.
When summoned again by telephone
Mrs. Connell observed that she thought
her husband's commands more bind
ing than the court order and was In
dignant at being compelled to attend.
TO ADVERTISERS.
Owing to the large
amount of work incident to
the issue of THE C LL
H V O LIDA Y ,, EDITION,
SUNDAY, DEC. 18, NO
P I S P LAY ADVERTIS-
ING copy will be accepted
for that edition after 6
P. M. Saturday, and NO
CLASSIFIED Ads after 9
P. M.
GET YOUR COPY IN
EARLY.
ADORXMEXT ASSOCIATION'
FAVORS A LIBRARY SITE
Selection Will B e " Made To-Day at
Meeting of Supervisors and
Board of Trustees.
At a special meeting yesterday of
the directors of the Association for the
Improvement and Adornment of San
Francisco a site for the new public
library was discussed and it w^as voted
unanimously to recommend that the
structure be placed on the block
bounded by Van Ness avenue, Hayes,
Franklin and Fell streets. This was
considered to be the most desirable
location. The board of library trus
tees has already selected this site.
At 4 p. m. to-day the library trus
tees will meet with the Supervisors
and definitely make selection of land.
The library building to be constructed
Is exoected to be one of the handsom
est in the United States, the people
having oted nearly $1,000,000 for It
and Andrew Carnegie will give $500,
000 additional. -:-;
BOARD ELECTS
MANY TEACHERS
Thirty - Three New Peda
gogues Chosen for Regular
Positions in Department
NO PORTABLE* SCHOOLS
In Several Districts Pupils
Cannot Attend Classes Be
cause of Lack of Room
The Board of Education yesterday
elected thirty-three regular teachers
in the School Department, as follows:
C. D. Snyder, M. N.E. Roth, Miss Eu
genie Lacoste, Miss D. Vogelsang,
Miss Sara Allen, Miss Mary A. Nolan.
Miss Emma Nesfleld, Miss Alice B.
Wright, Miss Emma Q. Barron, Miss
Alice Chalmers. F. W. Koch. Miss A.
B. Coryland, Miss A. C. Brlttan. Miss
Isabel Hemmenway, MIbs Edith F.
Browning, • Miss Mary C McCarthy,
Miss Ethel C. McLellan, Miss Rene
Cullen, Miss N. I. Monaco, Mrs. E. M.
Doud, W. O. Smith, Guy Stokes, Miss
M. Schendel, Miss A. G. Thomas, Miss
Reglna F. Cleary, Miss A. Mabel On
yon, Misa L. M. Forsyth, Miss Wanda
Reichling, Miss Bertha Roberts, Ker
nan Robson, Sophie Hobe, Miss M. T.
Gaffney, Miss Emily Wlgand.
The resolution on the subject re
cites that the teachers named have
served their probationary term of two
years or more and being favorably
reported upon by their principals and
the Superintendent of Schools and
have given satisfactory evidence to
the board of their fitness for the work
of teaching.
Superintendent Langdon reported
that a portable echoolhouea was re
quired at the Sutro School. There are
twenty-two pupils on the waiting list
and one teacher has to teach four
classes of fifty-two pupils. Director
Boyle said the Bergerot School needed
a portable schoolhouse, but the board
agreed that nothing could be done to
relieve congested attendance owing to
lack of funds.
The salaries of teachers. Janitors,
office and shop employes and the de
mands for rent for the month of , De
cember, 1904, were approved and or
dered paid.
A leave of absence was granted to
Miss Flora M. McDonald, a regular
teacher in the Horace Mann Evening
School, from January 3, 1905, to the
beginning of the spring term, 1906.
The rental of premises for school
purposes at 317 Sanchez street was
discontinued. The demand of Frank J.
McSheehy for $12,492 was ordered
paid.
TWO DAYS AT SANTA CRUZ.
Ronnd Trip, With Board at Hotel, $8.
Saturday to Slonday excursion tickets to
Santa Cruz. Including two day*' board and
lodging: at Hotel St. George, will b» sold on
Saturdays by Southern Pacific agents. This
Is a tlna chance to visit ono of California'*
greatest winter resorts. Military band con
certs on th<? beach Saturdays and Sundays,
mammoth casino, pleasure pier, boating, fish
ing, suif bathing, hot salt water and plung«
baths, beautiful . walks and drives and perfect
climate. The place for social clubs to spend
the week's end. Tickets sold at Third and
Townsend streets depot, 013 Market street and
at ferry ticket offices. •
Protests Against Bridge.
Two more protests against the pro
posed bridging of Carqulnes Straits
by the pile system were filed yester
day with Colonel Heuer, United States
engineer. S. P. Blumenberg, repre
senting the Star and Crescent Com
pany, which does a freighting busi
ness on the rivers, said the bridge as
proposed would Interfere with navi
gation. E. L. G. Steele, who owns
property near the site of the proposed
bridge, said the structure if erected
would depreciate the value of his
lands. Colonel Heuer will forward
these protests, together with many
others received, to Washington.
Christmas Toilet Seta.
Toilet sets In staghorn, celluloid and
fine leather cases. |1.00, $2.00. $3.00,
$4.00, $5.00, $10.00 and $20.00 each. As
usual, we have the greatest variety, and
best values of good things; also hand,
standing and triplicate mirror* for hand
some and useful Christmas presents.
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
Animals Cared For.
At the regular monthly meeting of
the board of trustees of the Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals
yesterday. Secretary C. B. Holbrook re
ported as follows: Cases investigated,
172; cases prosecuted, ,14; warnings
given, 137; disabled animals removed
In ambulance, 9; sick .or disabled
horses taken from work, 121; horses
taken from drivers and put In near
est stable, 3. John H. O'Connor and
Mrs. H. S. Tlsdale were elected annual
members and A. B. E. Michelson was
appointed district officer of the society.
. - ADVERTISEMENTS.
•VMS • . .
H'< Built to last a lifetime. Made from {H
|H the purest iron obtainable. Full sheet ||J
1 flue, nickel trimmed. This range is built |g
iH for coast conditions and will cut your coal i- :
MI bill in ha^f. TermsSI.OO down and $1.00 a W88k. II
ALCAZAR W8a&
General Manager.
. TO-NIGHT— MATS. SAT. AND SUN.
"A big success."— Examiner.
"The majority wlU enjoy It."— Call.
"Company made much of It." — Chronicle.
Howard P. Taylor's Delightful Comedy,
CAPRICE
Mlnnla Maddern Fiaks's First Success.
Ev*s 25c to SO?. Mats., Sat. and Sun., 23c to 50c
Next Monday— Sol Smith Russell's Comedy,
PEACBFUL VALLEY
JOHN CRAIG AS HOSEA HOWE.
Christmas Week— Ejtra Mat.. Men., D«c 28.
Sdy, Arthn^' LOST RIVER
Market Street, near Eighth; Phoo* South 533.
TO-NIGHT— ALL WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Tremendous Production of the Best Scenlo
Show of Russian Ufa and Cruelty,
LOST IN SIBERIA
The Beautiful Palace! The Snow-Bound Death
Line!
The Ftarful Prison and Wonderful Escape.
Strategy. Cunning*. Intrigue. Comedy, Charm-
ingly Intermingled!!
POPULAR PRICES— Eve. 10c to BOc. Mats.
10c, 15o and 23c
Tt> Follow— "TWO LITTLD WAIFS."
GRAND =
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAT
THIS WEEK AND NEXT
WILLIAMS
AN5WALKER
fc$ IN DAHOMEY
LAST PERFORMANCE SAT. NIGHT,
DECEMBER 24.
ggfn BLANCHE BATES
opera|1YO|Jhous[
TO-NIGHT IHF-
;:;kinq
SEATS ALWAYS SELLING.
REGULAR MATINEE SATURDAY.
TONY LUBELSKI. General Manager.
Is U a wonder that we are turning people
away at every -performance?
Ten really remarkable acts.
Equal to any In America or Europ*.
PEOPLE'S
OPULAR
RICES *
lOc and 2Oe— No Hlecar.
Children to any part of the theater 10c
Performance every afternoon at 2:30. Everj
evening at 7:30 and 9- Continuous Saturday
and Sunday matinees from 2 to 0 and 7 to 11.
Startling, new European moving pictures.
facing! j$fe Racing!
-New Jockey
California JW fl u |)
OAKLAND TBAOX.
. Commencing SATURDAY, November IX
Racing t every week day, rain or shins.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
CKOCXEB, SELL1TTO STAKES. $2000
Added, to Be Bnn Saturday, Dec. 17.
For special trains stopping at the track taks
S. P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12:00.
12:30, 1:00. 1:30 or 2:00.. Returning trains
leave the track at 4:10 and 4:43 p. m. and Im-
mediately after the last race.
THOMAS H." WILLIAMS. President.
PERCY W. TREAT. Secretary.
)aUSCKLLAXEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
ALHAMBRA
Eat.. Dee. 17, at 3:00 P. M.
Mpn., Dec. 19. at 8:15 P. M.
Wed., Detf. 21. at 8:15 P. M.
Oakland, Dec 23, Mat.
Paderewski
RESERVED SEATS SELLING
8HERMAN. CLAY * CO.S
J2.50. 12.00. 11.50, 11.0ft
eteinway Piano Used.
AMUSEMENTS.
TVantTjT v~t Lxkm *rlrjjr**
H. W. BISHOP. Lessee and Uana««r.
TO-NIGHT £££ TO-NIGHT
2So and SOo — Matinee To-day — 2!ic and SO«.
OLIVER MOROSCO OFFERS
HOWARD COLTJD. J. if. GILMOTTR
And th» Exceptional Majestic Co. la
Mr. Potter of Texas
NEXT— "Jllf BL.TTDSO."
Cairlstmas We«b— "A CONTED»TED
WOMAN."
In Preparation— "IN OLD HEIDELBERG."
Kvg. Prices. 25c to 75c. Mats.. 25c to 50a
* CALIFORNIA «&
MATINEE TO-MORROW. |
ROSE MELVILLE S
r In Her Famous Original Creation, : ,i
SIS I
HOPKINS I
Christmas Week— ••SHORE ACItEa" 6
LOOK AT THE NAMES!
HERRMANN THE GREAT
Aislsted by Marl* Herrmann; Vernoa:
Pord Slsten; DUlon Brother*, aad Or-
phema Motion Pictures. Slio-wlaar "Tai
Ex-Convict."
Lart Times of Mlsa Mary Shaw and
Company: Howard's Comedy Dosri and
Ponlas: Marralons Prank and Xdttl*
Bob. and Phyllis Allen.
Reseller Matinees Every Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday.
Prices— 10c. 2So and 00c
lavULUIVIBI A LEA01S3 Ifflfiff
LAST TWO ITICJHTS — MAT. SAT.
Tb« Merry, Tuneful Mustcat Cornedy.
A CHINESE HONEYMOON .
Last Tim* Saturday Xlcht.
NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT
SLAW ft EELAK5EE PRESE3TT
«^- SEABROOKE
In the Spectacular Musical Fares Novelty
The Billionaire
100 COMPANY— SEATS READT.
▲ Splendid Snow Every Afternoon and
Evenlnr In the Heated, Theater.
DON'T FAIL TO BEB
THE JOHNSTOWN FLOOD
THE SENSATION OT CONET ISLAND ANX>
THB W0Rijy8 FAIK.
A NEVER TO BB FORGOTTEN 8PBCTAC1*.
SSZ0TBZ9 POT/2TTAIW
SATUXDAT AJTP SPBDAT XTZOHTS.
Beclnnlns Buaday, "PRINCES3 FAN TAN."
ADMISSION 10c I CHILDREN Bo
Palace dontfa| lto
j COURT Lounging
/Jflfl room, the EMPIRE
wuu parlor, ths
C-»~A PALM ROOM, the
UHlflQ LOUIS XV PAR-
uiuuu LOR^ ud the LA
n^lj,, DIES' WRITING
Hotels ro ° m -
D D T T C II I? C r° R barbers, ba k-
JjjLlUorlillO •"• bootblacks, bata-
*** *^ A -'* - ** houses, billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy makers, caaner*,
dyers, flour mlUs foundries, laundries. p«p«r-
hangers, printers*. painters. sho« factoii«a.
■tablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
BUCHAWAN IXOa.
Brash Mannf aetnrers. 609 Sacramento St.
■ ■ n ■ jf&L Ammunition, Hunting *ad
O § 8 la 1 f Spcrttnu Goods. Larse*t
|_1 1 SJV3 »'oclc. LowMt prices. Sea4
UwlflW SHREVE * BARDER CO..
■^^:.r , »-"^ 7» Market «t. aad 321
Kearny st.
•^^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
JT_.\*SQ (**2O KEAB.NY ST. EstablUhM
ff3nj*5rf A In ih.TI fortlie tr^atm-nt of Private
fS I Ji_Hgg '""•*"*« I>o*t iI»nn«M«l. Debility nr
afftr^ES CSAdi<y»!>r- iv^^rinsron MrtT»nil nilnf) a.»i1
!?'2fts3e»»9 s '£ | n D:*-i»«es The D<ictorcTirps wlic n
fall. Try him. parses tow.
*NMj^j('nrra eonrnDtrrd. CuilorwriM.
Dr. jr. F. «1BBO.\, Saa FraaJico. CaX
910
OLYMPIC CLUB WRESTERS
PROVIDE EXCITING SPORT FOR LARGE GATHERING COMPOSED OF THE MEMBERS WHO
ENTHUSIASTICALLY APPLAUD EFFORTS OF SINEWY ATHLETES IN SPIRITED STRUGGLES
BIG WRESTLERS MEET
ON THE MAT TO-NIGHT
Buyayell and Jenkins Are Ready
for the Fray.
To-night's the ni^ht. The profes-
Fional wrestling game is to open here
agrain under the most favorable aus
pices. With the Hayes Valley Club at
the back of the enterprise. Billy Roche
to referee and two of the world's great
est on the mat the affair can hardly
fall short of a genuine revival of in
terest.
Buzaycll. the big Algerian, makes
his first American appearance this
evening in Woodward's Pavilion. For
weeks he has been exercising and is
as fit as trainer's skill can make him.
Fifteen pounds, mostly from the waist
line, have melted under rigorous hand
ling and he will strip as well as any
athlete who ever showed here. Buzayell j
has done most of his wrestling on the
Continent and has thrown the best pro
ductions of France, Denmark, Ger
many ar.d Russia. His career in this
country de;>ends on his work to-night
and he knows it. Should he win he
will be great; should be give Tom
Jenkins a hard tussle, which he appears
certain to do, his name and fame will
rpread froii ocean to ocean.
Every c e who reads the papers j
knows of Tom Jenkins, the Cleveland j
rolling mill man. No harder game has I
ever been on the mat. If there was
public betting on the Jenkins !
would be favorite on account of his im- j
mt-nse strength and honorable record.
But such a keen judge as Jack Carkeek
predicts that Jenkins must be at his
very best to win and looks for a tre
mendous tussle.
George Braun. the Olympic Club's
best lightweight, will have Charles
Davis of New York as an opponent in
the preliminary. Catch-as-catch-can.
rules govern this contest while the main
event will be waged at Graeco-Roman.
Popular prices will be in vogue.
New Orleans Racine Rf-nlts.
JCEW ORLEANS, Dec. 15.— Results of
tbe race* :
Kim race, flv« furlong* — Dundall won,
Kth*-r« Pride second. Halcyon Davs third.
Time. 1:05.
Second rac*. seven furloncs — Josette won,
Kleinwood second. Federal third. Time,
1:35 2-5. "
Thirt3 race, one mile — Southampton won.
wcond, Eirchrod third. Time,
1 :V» 2-5.
Fourth raoe, one and a Blxteenth milef —
Garnish won. Maus»r eecond. Carries* third.
Time. 1:53.
Fifth race, six furlong* — Mimosa won. Tro*
sachs Bocond. rmsfinked third. Tlrr.e. 1:17 4-5.
Sixth race, one mile — Matedor won. Kenton
second. F«ir Reveler third.. Time. 1 :48 2-S.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
REYNOLDS & CO.
Terms $1.00 Daily; $5.00 Weekly
64 CHRO2TTCLE BTJTXJ3INO.
Back Sheets en Flit for Inspection.
STR0LLERJ5" io I, WON
ID060, 4 to I, WON
EDRODUM, 8 to I, WON
SEA AIR, 2 to I, 2(1
THE AB;VE WERE131VEN TO WIN
YESTERDAY.
Ert&bliEfced 1890 Wianera Given Yciter-
Bef or* the Fnb- d * y »f d j«£ p «*
lio Every Day ThurB _ . 21
m day. day*.
a a Reynolds & Co 3 66
_^,._ Jy jjff Call l 4i
•"^735* -^ Chronicle .... 2 43
fZZjS^&d BuUetia a 32
\ Examiner 1 30
•JJ^&Wih OUB OFFER.
iSfr?\Vi* V'\ Briasr t)a«t copiei of any
T». • -A selectioiiB to our cffic%
ana cosapare them with
r <*\ onrs - xt tip y show aa
TtKl\S,'f--\ eood results la the one
, V^L.ia-a toe)rt bet " cr fuU «lec-
tions we will rive you
W^ one week's selection!
free of chartre.
We Verer Xffis- NOTE. — Brlnir the
reoresent sheets, not the a-as.
Author of "SAID'S SYSTEM OF HAH-
SZCAPPZVG AHT> TUKP SFECTJI.A.
TOB'S OTTXDS." •
Suite 3. 4 and 5. Greys tone Hotel. 1
66 Geary Street, San Francisco
Phone James 26 SL v
terms S3.00 dsjly; 815 weekly or 850
monthly.
Kef ereaces —^Any reputable racing man
to America. ■MnflBHsflE'" ' .
TOM JEXKINS. THE UPPER FIGURE.
TRYING OXE OF HIS FAVORITE
HOLDS ON A TRAINING PARTNER.
LADIES WATCH
THE WRESTLERS
Prove Interested Spectators
of Exciting Sport in the
Olympic Club Gymnasium
The gymnasium of the Olympic Club
was thronged to its capacity last night,
the attraction being seven matches In
catch-as-catch-can wrestling. As a
special mark of favor ladies were per
mitted to attend and they availed of
the opportunity to see the struggle on
the mat In large numbers. Their gowns
of bright hues gave an unusual setting
for the athletic contests.
They displayed the keenest interest
and always joined in the applause
when one of the contestants wriggled
out of a particularly tight place. There
was occasionally an involuntary excla
mation of "Oh! you mean thing!" when
some one used rough tactics.
The band of the Columbia Park
Boys' Club rendered several selections
during the evening.
The bouts between Charles Jenkins
and A. A. Pockwitz and Marion Veckl
and John Simpson were the best of the
series. The wrestlers were clever In
getting in and out of holds and in
breaking all locks. Jenkins was twice
saved a fall by the ropes of the ring.
They showed the effects of Professor
Miehling's coaching and of Roger Cor
nell's training.
•The most sensational victory of the
night was that in which G. J. Anloff
secured a flying fall over Herbert Dun
can from a cross buttock hold. Neither
had gone to the mat until the fall
came after 6 minutes and 45 seconds
of severe work. The results in detail:
J. P. Parker defeated G. S. Kroger after
b^ing thrown in the first bout In 2:28. Parker
won in 10:00 and in %:15.
H. G. Miller threw E. Baraty in 8:20 and
was thrown in :45. The deciding bout will be
h£14 at some future time.
R. B. Barnfy threw E. H. Vannler in :45
and in 1 :01.
CT.arles Jenkins won from A. A. Pockwitz
in 10:00 and in S:35.
Emli Techumi beat William Gindorff on ag
cre*sivenc5s in two ten-minute boutn.
G. J. Anloff beat Herbert Duncan In 6:45
and in 10:00. ,
Th« officials: Referee. R. MacArthur;
JiMJce?, F. C. Gerdea. H. S. Ruji; announcer,
Frank Thompson; ■timer.' FV R. Butz; clerk.
M. A. Harrif. Under the direction of John J.
Gle«FGn, leader. .-'•*'*■*
Xo More Boxlnjj in Chicago.
CHICAGO, Dec. 15.— The death blow
to boxing in Chicago was administered
to-day by Mayor Harrison. To each
cliib tha r thas been conducting boxtnsr
contests of any kind and to Chief of
Police O'Neill for enforcement. Mayor
Harrison has sent copies of an opin
ion by Corporation Counsel Tolman.
which will compel even the Chicago
Athletic Association to discontinue its
exhibitions.
GARDNER DEFEATS O'KEEFE.
Tlie Lotter*s Seconds Throw Up the
Sponge In, Twelfth Round.
, BUTTE, Mont, Dec. 15. — Jimmy
Qardner of Lowell, Mass., defeated
Jack O'Keefe of .Chicago here to-night
in eleven rounds. - When the gong
sounded for the twelfth round
O'Keefe's seconds threw up the
sponge. After the first round Gard
ner showed his. superiority by landing
vicious rights and lefts frequently to
O'Keefe's wind, body, and face.. .In
the seventh round O'Keefe was smear
ed-with blood, which came from an
ugrly cut tin his under lip. In. this
round both men rushed into the mljl
and at the end were noticeably weak.
' In the eighth round O'Keefe, who
was handicapped by a disabled left
hip which was thrown out In . the
fourth round, landed some .effective
body, punches. '.-
In the tenth round Gardner landed
on O'Keefe's wind with his left and
swun? to the jaw with the "right.
O'Keefe went down for " the nine
count, but came up smiling and in the
latter part of the round made Gard
ner uneasy;-
Monte Attell Defeats Regan.
ST. LOUIS, Dec 15.— Monte Attell of
San Francisco gained the decision over
Johnny Regan of New York to-nieht
at the end of a whirlwind battle before
the West End Club. Durinsr the fif
teen rounds the contest lasted each boy
scored a knock-down, and a. draw ver
dict would have been better received by
the spectators. . - .
Football Claims . Another Victim.
,NEW YORK, Dec. 15.— Disease of the
spine/ attributed to ah ' Injury received
in a ' football came. . has i caused 'the
death at Lakewood, N. J.,' of Augustus
F. Holly. Jr., -a former member of 'the
Princeton team. - - 2BHBBI
THE SAN FRANCISfcO "^CALL. FRIDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1904
STROLLER FOOLS HIS STABLE FOLLOWING
Defeats the Heavily
Played Venator
Galloping.
Dr. Leggo Too Speedy
for the Favorite,
Sea Air.
BY FRED E. MULHOLLAXD.
There's nothing like having a. good
line on one's own horse. So soliloquised
Wally Brinkwcrth and the Junior
members of the firm of Brinkworth &
Co. after Stroller had waltzed in win
ner of the fourth selection on the score
card yesterday at Oakland.
-It was a high-class six-furlong sell
ing fixture, and Venator received such
steady and consistent support at short
odds that a Senator from the up
country portion of the State would
be inclined to think Dr. Rowell's
sprinter had been nominated by ac
clamation. But it was not to.be so,
even with Padua, Sea Voyage and
Saggittarius acting as Havana-fillers.
A dead pigeon will sometimes fall out-
Bide of bounds.
. STROLLER SHOWS SPEED.
Stroller, with Sain Greenfield at the
tiller, which failed so lamentably when
backed on Tuesday, had on his running
clothes. He outfooted Venator every
inch of the journey, winning with his
head in the air and ears pricked, just
as if it were a wowout. The winner's
odds went from 6 to 12 to 1. Nigrette
ran third.
The condition of the track is improv
ing rapidly, and by to-morrow will be
good.
Favorites again found- the road a
rocky one, Idoi?o being the only one
t« earn brackets. The attendance was
large. •
Helgesen landed the opening Futur
ity course sprint for two-year-olds
with Edrodun, an 3 to 1 outsider, beat
ing Edgecliff a head. The blonde rider
got the son of Eddie Jones away in
front and his strong finish at the close
enabled him to get the decision. Meada,
the favorite, nosed Herthus out' of
show honors. • . -
Revolt, also ridden by Helgesen, cap
tured the six and a half furlong selling
number from a big field. The mare's
odds were played down from 6 to 5% to
LA She toyed with the bunch, winning
all the way. Knapp brought Lady
Kent from the rear, downing the 100 to
1 shot, Maud Muller, almost two
lengths for the place. Lloyd Fountain
appeared unable to make Doublet, the
favorite, extend himself. *
McCAFFERTY'S COLORS SHOW.
Charley McCafferty's colors were
strongly in evidence in the mila-and fif
ty-yard selling affair, with an even
dozen starters facing the barrier. His
brown gelding. Idogo with Apprentice
Tayloc in the saddle, went out and sim
ply spreadeagled the field, breezing
home three lengths in advance of Lang
ford James, a slightly nibbled at out
sider.
San Lution. the second choice, fin
ished third. The winner ruled a slight
favorite at Dost time.
Likewise in the fifth, a five and a half
furlong spin for two-year-olds, were
the McCafferty colors conspicuous. Dr.
Leggo, the second choice, with Solomon
Bonner up, passed the others in the
stretch as if they had been tied to
hitching posts, beatinr- out Sea Air, the
favorite, four lengths. Prince Brutus
made hfs first appearance at the meet
ing, showing speed and running a good
third. Arisbe was not' ready.
Tracers finally got aboard a winner,
taking the closing mile selling fixture
with the 8 to 1 shot, Dusty Miller. The
coit was unquestionably the best, for h*
stood a long drive, moving along from
eighth place, beating Meistersinger half
a length. Red Damsel, the favorite, af
ter a most uneven and tempestuous
voyage, finally anchored third.
Track Notes.
Dr. Rowell will offer the 3-year-old
Hugh McGowan at public auction in
the paddock at 1 o'clock to-morrow.
"Kansas" ,Price purchased Padua
from Molera & Josephs yesterday, and
ho carried the former's colors in the
fourth event, i, v\ i ■>;; ;^^
Helgesen piloted the first two win
ners. The blonde rider has quite an ex
tended following and is riding In ex
cellent form.
Charley McCafferty's good colt. Dr.
Leggo> was bred at Napa Stock Farm.
His siM Puryear D. is now owned by
"White Hat" McCarty.
There was a wild plunge on Bob Mc-
Lean to win the second event. Bob
showed nothing In the race to warrant
the 'scare.
When Paddy Lynch stumbled and
fell about . three-sixteenths of a mile
from the stand, Anderson, who rode
Sweet Kitty Bellairs, had ample time
to miss the fallen horse. He must have
been riding , with his .eyes closed
though, for he rode right over- Paddy
Lynch and Jockey Sherwood. When
the filly went down Anderson' received
a severe shaking up and was taken to
Fabinola Hospital for treatment.
■ The rich Crocker selling stakes with
$2000 added by the association will be
the special attraction offered race
goers to-morrow. ;
.While a ' very ragged assortment to
handle. Dick Dwyer released the bar
rier to a very pretty start In the last
event. Red Damsel Is a notoriously
bad actor and should be schooled with
a' fence rail, crowbar and double bar
reled shotgun.
ORDINARY CAU1> AT OAKLAXD.
Fast Sprinter Giendennins: Among
'. Those to Face the Barrier.
Although none of the cracks are
carded" to 'appear at ' Oakland this
afternoon, the fields are well balanced
and some fair sport should be. wit
nessed. The flying Glendennlng is a
starter in the fifth event.
/ First rr.ee — Futurity course, two-year-olds,
£*tlin*.
752« David Boland- (Dalrd): ........ ........109
, 7589 'Royal Sweepstake* (Miller) .......... 101
7W57 "Bill Short (Magrane).' ...104
7517 Oeorre P. McNear (Stover) .112
7Wi»»Handy Bill (Fountain).. ......107
75.17 Cascades (Smith) ."...;. .*. . . .-. .106
7504 •Dlxelle (Wilson) 101 "
(Tr.Wi)'Bab Ragon (Summers).'......... 107
Second race — Six , . and . a half furlongs.
maiden two-year-olds, purse.>fBn 1111 iflfjBHfrrrtW
74D8 Gild (Jones) • .\ ....... 110
75<K» San Joae (Wilson)... .:11O
7525 Royal . Red (Touhey). . . ...... ..... .-.-.107
7473 Downpatrlck (Ryan) ................. .110
7552 Lady Goodrich (Applegate). . . .V. . . .7.107
7504Tarcoola Belle (Miller &. Co.)....;::. "107
7.Vi2 Phalanx (Moormeod Farm). ...v:v..v. 110
."KM! Indicate (Summer*).. Y .110
1 7557 Boker (McAlenter).T.-77.Vr.-.:. ;...... .110
7532 Lily Gold Lr.ff- (Stanfleld & Ellis). 107
HORSES WHICH FIGURE BEST.
BY FRED E. MULHOLLAND.
First race — Bob Raaron, : Fourth race— Duke of Rlcbe-
Handy Bill, Geonce P. McN'ear. lieu, • Colonel ; Von, Inspector
o "- " Munro.
Sa?S nice— Phalanx. Baker. fth '-»,»■■— .Glcndeanlmc.
ck.,1 uuse. - . « . , Pickawny, Tlic Reprobate. £5
Third, race — Harka, Alone, Sixth race — Stilicho. Oro
The Gadfly. : ......... ■ ■ ■/ ■ Viva, Flyins Torpedo.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
_ : _OAKLAXD--Thursday, Dec. 15. Weather fine. Track heavy.
75SO. . FinST RACE— Futurity course; selling; two-year-olds; value to first. $325.
In<S«| * ''Horse' and Or.r.er. IWtlSt. V*. %. «4. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
™5*})g d rodun (Legoria & Co.).... 108 3 ... 1 hi 3 1 n 1 h IHelgesen .. 8 T
i^PteecnfC (Judge & Co.) 102 8 ... 7 1 6 2 5% 25 IJ. Jones 4 13-2
-roi j*; eatla (Bianchi & Co.) 9i' 1 ... 4 1 6 n 4 n 3 ns F. Sullivan 8-5 3-2
l^jHerthus (V. Gilbert)........ 98 2 ... 6 3 4 >i 3 Vi 4 «i Travers ... 5 9-J
i?39 Bearskin (Skinner & Co.).... 105 9 ... 9 6 83 62 5 1 H. Mlchels 9-2 8
-l,\ Anlta Knight (J. H. Spratt).. VX 6 ... 5n 31 2 16*4 Alvarado .. 30 50
J511 Lady of. Fashion (Mrs. Miller) 97 7 ... 10 4 10 3 72 72 |WHey 2j 100
-£Ji iff Jcse < G - w - Wilson) 100 1O ... 8 4 ft 1 S2 8 8 ITaylor .... 20 40
!?«■* I-Mixpah (Summers & Co.).... 97 4 ... 31 7 U 9 9 Greenfield-. 10 <"15
.546 Faddy* Ly ncn (P. G. Lynch). 105 5 ... 2 1 22^* Sherwood-. 5O 10O
.... |Sw.t..K.- BMlalrs (W. S. Price) 107 11 ... 11 11 * Anderson ■ 8 40
Tlme—:2:,U. :r>Hi, \ : u. At post 1^' minutes. Oft at 2:14ft. Edrodun. place, 5*2; show.
i-5. Kdrecllffe, place, 5-2: enow, «-5. -Meada. show, 7-20. ."Winner, b. g. by Eddie
Jones-lilts iiowena. Trained by J. Murphy. Start good. Won first four driving hard.
Winner, had good racing luck and Helgesen puf'up a strong finish. EdseclifEe ran a
wnnlns race. • Meada badly messed about. Herthus ran his race. Bearskin away
poorly. 'Fell. *• . : - ' - '
.757O. SKCOXD RACE— C£ furlong:?; selling; four-year-olds ar.d up; value to first. ;325.
Index Horse and Owner. IXVtiSt. K- H-.?*. Str. Fin, I Jockey. , Op.
7501 Revolt. - 4 . (V - Gilbtrt) ....... I1C9| 1 ... 1 1"41 3 13 l>i Helgesen.. 4 11-2
(75C3) Lady Kent,, a (J. Ryan) 109 8 ... 7 %.8 • % 4 !4 2 1H W. Knapp. 4 0-2
.oW Maud Muller. 4 (Mrs. Miller). 99 4 ... 4 H 6 h 5 1 3 1&| Wiley ..:.. 40 1OO
■ P23 Doublet, a (D. S. Fountain).. 99 5 ... 52 2h 3 Mi 42 jL. Fountln 2 :l
7423 Delsegno, 4 (J. Logan) fW> 2 ... 2 »i 3 1 2 Vi 5 V. McBrid-? .. 5O 100
7421 Dotterel. 4 (W. H. Lynch).. 00J 6 ... 8 J, 5 n fl 2 6 % Travers ... 4 16-.V
B. McLean. 4 (F. Skinner Co.) 10t»i » ...ttn7^82 71 H. Michels 6 5
"i. "2!) Rill Young. 6 (J. Sturgeon). . 104 7 ... 10 10 2 9 2 8 2 Loague ... 50 100
7407 Lecturer, 6 (.1. J. Coalter)... 107 10 ... 11 11 10 9 Bell 25 • 50
7497 Alta G. 4 (Mrs. Hertzep 104 3 ... 3 h 4 i£ 7 1 10 ICrcsswaite 30 100
7561 |Col. Ballanlyne, 6 (Ronaldson) 10S 11 ...12 12 11 11 IBullman .. 15 15
7497 IRagnarok II, H (J. Maddox).. 99 12 ... 13 13. 13 12 (Alvarado .. 50 100
7561 [Adirondack. 4 (Shannon) 104 13 ... 9 «4 9 1 12 13 [Greenfield . 10 7
Time— :24%, :49^. 1:16ft. 1:24. At pqst 5»i minute*. Off « at '2:43ft. • Revolt, place, 2;
show, 1. Kent, place, 8-5: show, 4-5. Muller. show, 20. Winner, ch. m. by St. Carlo-
Anarchy. Trained by V. Gilbert. Scratched— Dandle Bell. Start good. Won easing up.
Second and third driving. Gallop for the winner, which was ready this summery De
/ ' cember afternoon. Lady Kent, off poorly and in the poor going, ran an excellent race.
Doublet weakly ridden. Dejsegno can bfat cheaper ones.- Dotterel ran a fair race. . Bob
McLean was played. Alta G quit. Adirondack practically left.
7571. THIRD RACE — Mile and 60 yards: 3-year-olds and up; selling; value to first, $325.
Index I Horse and Owner. IWtlSt. V t . ft"! %. Str. Fin. I Jockey-' I Op. Cl.
752.1 Idogo. 5 (G. W. Wilson) f)6j 2 2 2ft 1 ft 1 3 12 13 Taylor 3 7-2
7551 Lang James 3 (W. Cotton).. 92 5 K ft 3 Ift3 »4 3 1 2 IV. F. Sullivan 10 7
7513 San Lutfen. 5 (J. Dlxon) 101 3 4 ft fl n.« Ift6 2 3 XV. Loague 4 4
755S |Jack liabert. 6 (Fountain) 96S62 4h5n4n4n L. Fountain 20 20
T534 JViRorOBO. 4 (Appleby & Co.).. 98 10 7 ft 5 2 4 2 5 ft 5 lft Travers ... B 10
7492 IToto Gratlot. 4 (Mitnomah S.) 108 1 1 1 ft2 4 2 Ift2 1 ft»! 1 Helgesen .. 10 15
751G iMor&go, a (Maryland Stable)l 08! 9 8 ft 7 10 7 8 7 8 7 10 McBride ... 10 15
74S0 |Jce John. 4 (H. Mann) IlOll 7 10 Ift9 1 8 8 10 8 10 W. Knapp. 10 9
7555 IHermencla, a (W. Cahlll) 06:11 11 4 10 4 9 9 20 9 30 Greenfield .4 8
6195 jContestant, 5 (D. Meek) 107 4 3 ftll 2 10 10 10 Vlckery ... 15 ICO
7551 ITechnique, I! (J. F. Clifford).. 92 6 3 n 12 12 11 11 R. Butler.. 30 40
7550 jVulcaln. a (L. H. Ezell) 1O8J12 12 8 ftll 12 12 Bullman .. 10 7
Time — :25ft, :50ft. 1:17ft, 1:45. l:4Sft. , At post 3ft minutes. Off at 3;09. Idogo, place,
8-5; enow, 9-10. James, place. 5-2: show, 6-5. I.utlon. show. 1. Winner, br. g. by Re
pplendent-Idaho., Trained by C. C. McCafferty. Scratched — Tamm. Kimberly. Ledus.
Start good. Won In a gallop. Second easily. Third driving. Field was strung out for
"an eighth of a mile almost. Winner never out of a gallop. San Lution not much. Mo
• rengo was never even threatened with speed. Joe John should be given a chance in some
..meat. cart. Contestant has speed and may improve.
7572. FOURTH RACE: — Six furlongs; all ages; selling; value to first, $325.
Index! ' Horse and Owner. iWt'St. Va . ft. •%. Str. Fin. I Jockey. I Op. Cl.
75CO '[Stroller. 4 (Brinkworth ft Co.)4i04 2 ... 1 % 1 ft 1 2ftl lftlGreenfleld . 6 12
7524 Venator. 4 (H. E. Rowell).... -1104 5 .... 3 ft 2 5 2 2 2 % Travers ... 1 9-10
75CO NIgr»tte, 4 (W. B. Jennings).. 101 1 ... 4 2 4 lftS Ift3 2 W. Davis.. 2 11-5
753rt iPadua 3 (W. S. Price) 9S| 4 ... 2n 3n 4 2 4 10 Perrlne ... 6 7
7524 ISea Voyage. 2 (Mrs. Miller).. M> 6 ... 6 5 10 5 10 5 25 Wiley 30 40
7342 jSagglttarius. 5 (H. Glover).. 107i 3 .. ■ » ft 6 % 6 6 Bell ICO 300
Time^:24ft, :49. 1:15U. At post lft minutes. Off at 3:34. Stroller, place, 3; show, 1.
.Venator, place. 1-4: show out. Nigrette, show out. Winner, br. g. by Ornament-Prome
: , nade.* Tralnedby" F. W. Doss. Scratched— Ishtar. Start good. Won easily. Second
' pasily. Third driving." Stroller ranJlcose and made » Venator look like a deuce. Davis'
gave Nigrette a refreshing going over. Padua had speed. The wise men of Egypt
' played Venator. - ■
7573. FIFTH RACFi — Five and a half furlongs: purse; 2-year-olds; value to first, $325.
Indexl Horee and Owner. |Wt:st. % - ~ Vj~ ?iT Str. Fin. j- Jockey." J~Op~ CK
7556 Dr. Leggo (G. W. Wilson).. 110 1 ... 5 1 3 ",', 1 2 14 |Bonner ... 2 2
7546 Sea Air (T. E. McLaughlln) 107 5 ... 3 2 4 2.ft.°. n 2 n |J. Jones .. 8-5 9-5
(6CS2)!Prince Brutus (Cameron) 107 2 ... 2 lftl n 4 5 S :t • I Russell .. 5 16-5
.... iPr. Wheeler (W. B. Jennings) 107 3 ... 1 n 2 2ft2 h 4 6 |W. Davis . 15 30
e«22 lArisbo (Naca Stock - Farm) .. 108 6 ... 6 5ft61 5% Bullman .• 5-2 7
7541 iLllIltug (J. Hackett) |H2|-4 ... 4h « • 6 . (i Vlckery ... 20 30
Time- :2tft. :49. l:C9ft. At post \* minute. Off at 3:5$. Leggo. place. 7-10: show. ctn. Air
place. ",-5: show, out. Brutus, show, 7-10. Winner»b. c. by Purj'tar D.-Sevsns. Xr a 'ned
by C. C. MeCafferty.' Scratched — Squire Johnson. Ertre Nous, Smithy Kane. Start good.
Wen v»ry easily. Balance driving. Dr. Locmo is there with a well developed turn of speed.
Sea Air away none too well and tip-toed from the jump. Prince Brutus ran a nice race.
Princess Wheeler Is fast. Arisbe not ready. Llllltus is a rrood colt.
7574. SIXTH RACE — One mile; selling; 3-year-old? and upward; value to first. $325.
Index • Horse and Owner. WtlSt. *i.' ft. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. | Op. Cl".
Tsr,f, Dusty Miller. 3 (Sheridan)... 9»| 7 8 7 4 0 h 4 lftl 'ft Travers ... 5 8
7545 |Mel6t«rslnger. 5 (Healey) .108 2 3 1 2n 51 3h 2ft J. Jones .. 5 11-2
7505 Red- Damsel 5 (Mrs. Russell) 106 6 6 Ift4 h 7 10 1 1 3 n Rupsell .... 7-2 16-5
75«5 Hlpponax. a (A. C. I>an) 100 3 lftl lftl 1 ft5 2ft4-3 IHelgesen .. 7-2 4
7551 Instrument, 3 (Balnl & Co.).. 105 4 5 2 5 n 2 n 6 2 5 5 IRced 12 8
752C. Blackthorn. 5 (C. P. Fink).. 108 1 4 n r 3 4h 2 n 6 4 |W. Knapp 6 8
7662 Trapsetter. 3 (L. H. Ezell).. 104 87ft 8 8 8 75 |Gre»nfl»ld .6 7
7510 lUatldor. 4 (U E. Fine) 1001 5 2 ft 3 h 3h 7 2 8 ' |F. Sullivan 20 30
Time — :25. :50. 1:16. l:HV*. At post, 4ft minutes. Off at 4:2S. Miller, place. 3; show. 6-5.
Melsterslnger. place, 2: show, 4-5. Damsel, show, 4-5. Winner b. c. by Montana- What
Not. Trained by P. Sheridan. Scratched — Sugden. Mr. Farnum. Start good. Won all
driving. Dusty stood a long drive and was test. Melstcrslnger did his best. Red Dam
sel experienced a gale crossing the tropics and was later becalmed. Hlpponax quit.' In
strument ran a fair race. Batldor quit. Blackthorn won't do.
ONCE AGAIN THE FAVORITES FARE BADLY
Hildebrand Breaks Record for All Seasons
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 15.— Favorites
had a very bad day of it at Ascot to
day, one out of six finishing first. The
books took back a large part of the
sum won by the public during the past
few days. Sals, the only successful fa.
vorlte, took the fourth race from a good
field. El Chihuahua was Becond to the
favorite and Kenilworth third. Luckett,
Judge Denton and the Emperor of In
dia'were also heavil" played in this
race, but failed to get inside the money.
Agnes Mack surprised everybody by
winning the second race at 20 to 1
from the. red-hot favorite, The Major,
with Wager third. Freesias was played
in the third as if It were all over, but
could not get up in time to beat Blue-
r ridge. Phyz was third. Jingler was
the well played favorite for the fifth
and with: Hildebrand up looked the
•best. Invictus, however, proved far the
best, . getting off last/ and winning
handily from Namtor' and Cloverton.
The winner was heavily played at. 4
to 1 'WTBui^llil 111111111111 PllH^lliliTliyilfTll
Hildebrand rode two winners to
day and broke the American record
for the" number of winning mounts in
any one year.
Third race — Futurity course, two and three
year olds, selling. ■ ' ■
7547 »Flo' Manola (Daly) ;...... .101
(75;{5)»Alone (Summers) 91
7501 Distributor (Neil).... ••• 10 «
'7551 Standard (McAlester). ;........... 1C6
7562 Vaughan ( Hertzel). '• • m ■
75»U Plrelia (Miller) . . . . . V '.V . . • 91
1 7557;Ben Eric. (Blasingame) 01
7535 *The Gadfly (Keene) • • • • • £?
* 7M1 -Hnrka (Ryan) . . • • * 01
Fourth race — One' mile and fifty yards, thrca
year-olds and ud, eelllng.
7637 Barnny Dreyfuss (De Neffe) .100
7562 'Inspector Munro (Fox) / 103
7538 'Mocorlto (Ryan) V.-.VrvJ".'"- .104
7561 'Duke of Richelieu 99
7555 Formero (Appleton"& Co.) ..........104
■ 7545 »Budd : Wade (Baker City Stable) .99
7555 Theodora L. (Smith) ;. ....109
7550 Colonel Van (Whitman) 104
,7563 'Ubble. Candid (Appleby &. Co.)...... 95
Fifth » race— Five furlongs," all ages, ; sellinp.
-7553 'Plckaway (Jackaon) ;;..104
(7445)»Glendennlnir (Hammond) ...........*. 104
.7547 »W.-R; Condon. (Ezell)- .......110
; 7564 'Wllla ; (Wilson) . . . : 90
7537 Isabutte (Fitzgerald) 98
■-. . v.\ Thy Volt (Fisher ; & Co.) rmr;r77r.. . .109
7559 Gallant < Carsie ■, (Miller) .'. 89
7553 Matt Kosan - (Romlffh) .115
7528 The :■ Reprobate ' (Keene) ; . .*". ..... .". . .'." 83
* . .;." Adieu (Edwards) ".TTirr.'rr."'.'. . • .103
T5G'i~Fay Templeton (Dodge) SJ
Weather, clear; track, fast. Sum
mary:
First race, five furlongs sellins— Hilona,
105 (McDanlel), 5 to 2, won; LJjht of Day,
105 (Hildebrand), 2 to 1, second; Anona, 111)
(W. Austin), 25 to 1, third. Time. 1:01 U.
Lou Merrell, Revel, Ralph Reese, Salario,
Garvice and St. Dixie also ran.
Second race, selling, six furlongs — Agnes
.Mack, 101 (Sinnott). 20 to 1 won; The Major
JOS (Herbert). 0 to 10. second; Wager, 00
(Lawrence), 15 to 1, third. Time, 1:14%.
Miss Provo, Our Pride and Durbar also ran.
Third race, Belling, one mile and seventy
yards— Blueridge, 102 (Hildebrand), 4 to 1.
won; Freesias, 91 (Herbert), 4 < to - 5, second ;
Phyz, 97 (Sinnott) 4 to 1, third. Time. 1 :47.
Dr. Birdsall. Flora Bright, Penzance. Miracle
II and Erne also ran.' ""
Fourth race, six and a half ' furlongs — Sals,
10S (Hildebrand), even, won; El Chihuahua,
100 (Truebel). 10 to 1, second; Kenilworth, 104
(H. Smith). 15 to 1. third. Time, 1:21. Golden
Boy, Judge Der.ton, Emperor of India . and
Luckett also ran. '
Fifth . race, selling one mile and seventy
yards— Invictus, 07 (Kent), 4 to.l, won; Nam
tor, 105 (Dugan), 4 to 1, second; Cloverton. '90
(llorlarlty).15 to 1. third. Time, 1:47. Ulloa,
Lanark, Dutiful, Iras and Jingler also ran. ■
Sixth race, selling, six furlongs^ — 6ir Chris
topher, 90 (Sinnott), 4 to 1. won; Nation, 1O."»
(J. Powell), 4 to 1. ■ second: .Skirmish, 104
(Lawrence), 7 to 1, third. Time, 1:10. Lau
retta, Phillips, Ethel Scruggi, Trovatcr?,
Governor John, Conger, Leslie R, Chief Aloha
and Merry Sport also ran. - -.
Sixth race — One mile, three-year-olds and
up, selling. '
7f.C5 •Profitable (Winter) 88
7R+0 «Mlmo (Sheridan) 101
7275 Marello (Frot?rs) '......'."......:;. ...103
74:«7 'Nullah (McKenile) OS
7531 •Oro.Vlva (Rlley & McRae) 107
(7540)Flying Torpedo (Ezell) ..:...:. ......106
• 7B74 'Hlpponax (Deane) ...:.;. 101
7347 »Syilcho (Fertruson) 104
•Apprentice allowance.
Trans- Atlantic Yacht Race.
KIEL, Germany, Dec. 15.— The Im
perial Yacht Club to-day announced
the conditions for the trans-Atlantic
yacht races for the Emperor William's
cup. The start* is to ■ take place. May
15, 1905, off Sandy Hook liphtship,
thence to the Lizard lightship. v The
face is open to yachts of all nations of
not • less than 200 tons, Thames . meas
urement;' The yachts owned by. mem
bers of the Imperial Yacht Club which
are eligible to enter . are: Emperor
William's Meteor III, the 'Empress' In
duna,.' Herr : Balling' Hamburg:: . Herr
Wat jen's ' Navahoe and the Orion (for
merly the Meteor). * " •' ■ - -
CROWDS FIGHT
FOR ADMISSION
Jimmy Britt's Gymnasium Is
the Scene of a Few Lively
Mix-Ups Between Fans
WORKS LIKE A BEAYER
Plumber Boy Increases His
Boxing Bout With Frank
Rafael to Six Rounds
The hardest work at Camp Brltt is
keeping the anxious sightseers at a safe
distance. They gather at the Seal Rock
House In bunches running all the way
from three to three hundred, and, as
usual, they are all friends of Jimmy
and, positively insist on breaking into
the "exclusive inner circle. A regular
bombardment comes off every after
noon at the foot of the stairs, where the
fight for admission always waxes hot.
Nearly every 6port who follows the
game of fisticuffs was on the spot yes
terday. They are all anxious to get a
line on the plumber lad and see for
themselves how he j looms up. He
worked to the satisfaction of every one,
and the general opinion was that James
is stronger and faster at the present
time than he ever was In his life be
fore. • •
He Increased his boxing bout with
Frank Rafael to six rounds, and the
mill took a fast turn toward the- close.
The start was slow and cautious, but
when Brltt's fighting blood began to
course more, freely through his veins
he kept coming. Rights and lefts were
jammed into Rafael's face and body in
quick succession, and the latter was on
the point of seeking rest when "Spider"
Kelly called time In the last two rounds.
The bout with Krellng was equally
fast and spirited. The pair tugged with
each other for five minutes without a
let-up. It was here the native son
showed a lot of strength and speed.
After going through all these -heavy
stunts his. wind was perfect and he
conversed with his friends as easily as
though he had been entertaining the
gang at a pink tea Instead of pummel
ing everything in sight for an hour.
Brother Willis limped around with a
cane and spoke hopefully to those pres
ent. Willis tried to take charge of the
mob at the foot of the stairs, and being
a cripple at present fared badly. He i
was nearly "rough housed" before the j
crowd was through with him. The I
"Spider," as usual, acted as master of
ceremonies and general overseer.
/ The plumber boy will begin to think
of getting the two extra pounds off in
a couple of days now, though he pro
fesses to be In no hurry about this for
mality. If he works as fast as he did
yesterday there is no danger that the
weight will stay with him long. It was
unusually warm at the beach yester
day, and in the gymnasium the atmos
phere was oppressive on account of the
big crowd present.
The advance sale of seats for the •
fight will open this morning at Harry j
Corbett's. The promoters are figuring
on a $30,000. house, and expect the first
few days of the sale will yield a small
sized fortune.
Mayor Lynch, the venerable ruler of
Larkspur and better known as "the
poet of Baltimore Canyon," has spoken.
For many years the old sage has pick- [
ed the winners of the prize ring con- ;
tests, and Battling Nelson and his
training mates have anxiously wait
ed for the old gentleman to express an (
opinion. Yesterday afternoon before j
the gym work commenced Battling re
ceived a poem from the Mayor, in
which he picks Bat to win the battle
in about fourteen rounds. '
After reading the Mayor's poem Bat
donned his gym suit and went to work
with a will. An hour's hard work fol
lowed, and when "Rawhide" Kelly
donned the gloves there was something
doing. The pair went at It hammer
and tongs; but the pace was too much
fcr Rawhide, who quit.' A couple
;„,._. ...._ /V I^ EKTISEME y r£? - -.-■-.-■---■
PROFESSIONAL CL03KER, Phons South 104^
San Francisco Office -224 ParrcUBuIldlngCFlltJi Floor)855 Market St.
Oakland Branch — Rocm 8, "Hawthorne," II55>^ Washington St.
My Advertised "Sleeper" Yesterday
LAMGFORD JAMES, 12 to 1, 2d
My Message to all clients said:
"Langford James Is a sleeper from sleepervllle.
Is good and fit and WILL WaKE UP TO-DAY. I
HAVE THE PROPER NUDCE. Worth a swell bet
to win."
Langford James started three times, past month, and never rot a chalk mark
before. ■ ■ .• • i
My One-Best-Bet Wednesday,
-LEP, 7 to I. 3d
Leila was two hours the best and was beaten half a length by the winner,
through accident at the post and poor Jockeyship. She'll do another day.
My One-Best-Bet Tuesday,
FAY TEMPLETON, 8 to 1. won
Fay Templeton was aa good aa 10 to 1 at the track. Many poolrooms through-
out the country laid 15 to 1 against her. ■ . ■ >
f20 played straight on my One- Best-Bet dally «*lr.ce the meeting began is $464
ahead. ■ ■ ■ "tTflnW^^BI
- To-Day Another Long One.
I'm going to uncork a bottle of effervescent salts to-day to clean
out the bookmakers with. Three of them laid off at Wednesday's draw-
in, after my clean-up with Fay Templeton on Tuesday, and to-day I'll
take care of the balance. They caught me napping yesterday. The elder
Bullman had been engaged to ride, but got sick of a sudden, and a sta-
ble boy had to be substituted, and there was nothing doing. I've got
blood In my. eye this morning, and HAVE ONE TO WREAK MY
VENGEANCE WITH. He's a natural 20 to 1 shot.
i To-morrow the baby at 15 to 1 I have consistently promised for the
■ $£000 Crocker Selling Stakes goes. I'm going to end the week in a blaze
'of glory AND A SHOWER OF LUCRE, and if you want to be in on the
play call and see "the General."
TERMS, $2 DAILY; SIO WEEKLY.
. My mesaaee Isn't Issued at either of my offices until noon. I don't handle" ac-
counts or place commissions. I'm an ••Info" merchant strictly. If you want to
avoid calling at my office, use the phone. AH phone orders that are booked before
11:30 A. M. wtll be delivered to any part of tha city by A. D. T. messenger boys at
noon sharp. - Messages sent at cost of subscribers — C. O D. «2 and messenger
charges. Weekly subscribers can have their messages delivered by messenger at my
expense at " the same hour.
BASEBALL MEN
TALK BUSINESS
Magnates of the Pacific
Coast League Gather in
Regular Annual Session
TACOMA GETS PENNANT
Admission Price Is Raised
and Spokane's 'Petition Is
Quickly Turned Down
The annual session of the magnates
of the Pacific Coast Baseball League
opened last night. The following cities
were represented: San Francisco by-
Henry Harris, Los Angeles by James
F. Morley, Oakland by J. Cal Ewing;
Seattle by F. S. Stinson. J. P. Agnew
ar.d Russell Hall; Portland by Juage
W. W. McCreedle, Walter McCreedie
and Ben Ely; Tacoma by M. A. Fisher
and David Evans. Eugene F. Bert was
re-elected president. Judge McCreedla
was chosen vice president, James H.
Anderson . secretary, and Theodore
Goodman treasurer.
It was decided to raise the price of
admission to 35 cents with an addi
tional charge of 25 cents for reserved
seats. C. H. Williams, president of the
Spokane team, applied for admission
to the league, but the application was
turned down. A. Joy of Fresno, repre
senting the business men of that town
and of San Jose, applied for admission
for the t-.vo cities in case Spokane was
admitted. Fresno and San Jose agreed
to divide the games between them and
put up a guarantee with the treasurer
of the league. These applications
were also sidetracked.
Tacoma was officially awarded th<»
pennant for the season just closed. The
umpires will be appointed by the presi
dent as heretofore. Among those who
have applied for position are Jack
Sheridan, Jim McDonald, Fred Perine.
Arlle Latham, Gus Klopf. Jack Has
kell, Fred Pears and Ira Davis. It wa3
agreed that each manager may carry
as many players as he likes till June
1 when the number will be restricted to
fourteen. ~"A fine of $250 for each day
an extra player is carried will then be
levied.
Every man who signs with^ the
league must have his legal release. Th«
barrier is down for alleged Jumpers and
any man recognized in organized base
ball may play in the league. The
double season was again adopted, the
winners of each half to meet in a post
senson series of nine games in cities
to be agrreed upon by the managers of
the teams. All protests must be set
tled within fifteen days from the timt*
they are filed with the president. Henry
Harris was appointed a committee of
one to secure baseballs for the league.
The magnates will resume their ses
sion this afternoon at 1 o'clock.
California Calendars for 1905.
California poppy, poinsettia. Chines?
and redwood calendars. All new — best
ever — ready for mailing:. Sanborn. Vail
& Co., 741 Market street. •
Court Decides In Sloan's Favor.
PARIS, Dec. 15. — The Court of Ap
peals has confirmed the Judgment of
the lower court favorable to "Tod"
Sloan, the American jockey, and
against the Jockey Club.
Sloan sued the Jockey Club for J40.0CO
damages for being warned off the turf
in connection with Rose de Mai's win
ning the Prix de Diane at the Chantillv
races in May, 1902.
of rounds with Eddie Santry followed.
Bat will now cut out all boxing until
the night of the fight, with the excep
tion of next Sunday, when the Eascle
Drum Corps of San Francisco will pay
him a visit and serenade him.
This morning Bat cut out the road
work ar.d went du<(k shooting. About
11 o'clock he returned to camp with six
teen ducks strung across hia shoulder.CUT DOWN BY COASTER, STEAMER ST. HELENA
IS BEACHED TO PREVENT SINKING.
Tries to Cross the Bow
Oi the Incorriing
Grace Dollar.
Collision Occurs in the
Darkness of Early
iMoniiiig.
The river st*?an:er St. Helena, bound
for Napa. tried to cross the bows of
4he Inward bound stram<*rX3racc Dol-
Isr early jresterday morninj? off Lom
bard-strcet wharf and was cut nearly
in half. The SU Helena reached a
mud bank south of the Pacific Mail
wharf just in time to save herself
from sinking. Nobody was injured
#nd the damage to the Grace Dollar
was nominal.
The St. Helena, with twenty-five
pasreengrrs on board, left the foot of
.Mission street at 2 o'clock and was
off Lombard-street wharf when the
collision occurred. The morning was
dark and The weather thick. The St.
Helena had taken a course close in
to the wharves and •was starting
across *ne bay, headed for the river,
.-when the Grace Dollar, coming In
from Gray? Harbor, appeared on the
ecen*». E*ch vessel v.as under good
hiadway ana although whistles were
blown and oruers shouted the danger
had been recojmSzed too late to be
fcvoided. The Dollar struck the SL
Helena squarely on the port Fide,
*bout amidships. The Dollar's shartf
Ftem cut like a knife through the
river host's guard and kept digging
into the St. Helena's vitals until a tri
angular impression, four or five feet
deep, had been made in the victim's
cide. The flimsy superstructure of
The .SL Helena was cracked like an
t-es shell and the break extended far
beioiv ihe water line. .
The Gracs Dollar stood by the St.
Helena until the damaged vessel was
s^fe on. the mud. The river boat was
able to use her engines. She was tied
up at a litUe wharf south of the Pa
cific Mail dock, where her passengers
■vcre landed. The blame for the col
lision will be fixed by the -United
States inspectors, who will make an
investigation in a few days.
\nnjr Transport Sheridan Arrives.
•-r.v army trtnsport Sheridan, Captain Pea
bottf. an-Uefl yesterday morning: from the Phil
r;:i;<>s wiu» Toy passengers. Of first anl
. t-cend class pessenrers ah* brought 113. with
« 7 -r.i.rt^d ax-n. 103 L'nrted States Marines and
•i^e ;arict.ts. es d.tcharsed soldiers and 13 ten
<:-i rnscurj.
Aracug ti.e cabin pa«searers was aa army
c.-eer ta discrace. H-? is Captain Araos M.
-lartia cf ta* Fo«rte*ath Iniaatry, who has
ttn oruered fcoaie to be court-martialed oa
the cnarse of duplicates his pay accounts.
< &pta:n Marun. »ho is said to be somethin*
,«« a r-oc^J lion in the army world vu ac-
Wtyntad by bis wife, lie declined to dis
cuss iie trouble into which his allfged fiaan-
Ji:sgUag had brought him. On account
fcis rank faptaia Mtrtla was not classed.
<» the transrort.v arooRc tn« g'neral prisoner*.
Tee bhTiiian has on board *50tf.OOO in Mexi
can silver mhich will be recoined at the mint.
iJrwtmant C. A. Stott cf the Twelfth Caval
rj' was in chars- of the coin. Mrs. Stott, who
fcccanjpjLuJed her soldier husbanl. Is & daug!>
ter c£ Colonel Qqdy. or •"Uuffalo Bill." as he
is jpore p.'j'Ularly kno«n.
Thtre »\« two deaths daring- the Sheridan's
hcrccv.xrd \o\bjv. Miss Nelly O'Hara, a
schoej tearhcr. whose home was at Cedar
Xiipids, la., died November 3» of b*rl bert.
sad on TCovraiber «0. James Matthews, a cleric
:r. tha 'rn^rterciaEter's deparunent. died cf
p-»ur:ccia.
Th«r BherMaa'p cabin passenpers were as fol
r''»s: Claries Austin, Mrs. \V. B. Bealxley;
Lir«rter-ant J. C. 13«aumont, .U. S. SI. C; Ueu
fn^r.K C. H. Bali, Fourth Inlantr>': Captain T
C Bod. T<?r»ta Ca\alry; Mrs. Boffart and
rhiM. Hit. H. I. Birron. Major X. C. Ducat,
Btresxh 2afan;r> ; Mrs. C. A. Ducat. Georg* P.
Corji. Jchn W. Cab<Jt. Mrs. Oora Cody. \V. J.
Corwin. Mrs. J. L.. Clem, Jack Dawsoa. Dr. C.
P. Dlci.en>wn. Mrs. C. F. Dick^nsaa and child.
ii:?r Ijcvil'iers; Lieutenant J. Lt Hughes. U.
6. M. C; E. A. Hcldea. Mr*. E^ A. Holden
luid two children, II. P.- Humphrey, A. P.
Hijx*. diaries P. Hlntcn. Mrs. Hausserman.
K»v. L. B. HUlis: Major E. E- Hatch. Twenty-
CTth Infenrry; Mrs. E. E. Il&tch. J. A. Kelsllny
l!:ts L«wl^; Captata B. C. Mors«, SeAer.retath
• !nfa.nirj-; Mrs. B. C. Morst and three chil
trea; l.'« :. A. J. Mathewg, U. S. 21. C;
Li^utcnar.t Colonel Oiaries W. Masoa. Miss Mc-
Kircy: Captain Amos M. Martin. Fourteenth
lr.fjtntxj-: Mrs. A. M. Martin. lieutenant W.
E. Nou. C S. M. C; H. R. Pierce; Laeutenaat
C'olcat. T. C. Prince. C M. C. : E. A. Rob
t'.ris. H. J. Robirrcn. Mrs. H. J. nofcineon;
■I-icmer^nt C. A. Stott, Ttveifih Cavalry: Mrs.
C- A. ftctt, «*tarle« J. Simpson, Miss Sullivaa,
V.^'lism tkjies. Mrs. William Skyles. A. V.
Tcuxalin. W. A. Stad C. H. Yanderpool. Dr.
T. T. Wll.'on. E. H. Wtlte; L/catenant P. II.
Wryrirjch. Founwath Oavalrj'; LJetitenaat
Oharle* T. Le*ds. Engineer Corps: lieutenant
II. G. Fiske. Eneine*-r Corps; C. E. Frienian.
V.tt. C. E. Fr**man» William H. Shelton;
Ci^tiin AV, .». Glasrow~ Thirteenth Cavalry;
Ur*. W. 7. Olasgow and-chiid. Miss Elizabeth
Amcld. H. A. Porter. Mrs. J. P. Wafle. •
rror- Honolu'.u— Judse George, D. Gear Mrs.
B H. Co«ke a»4 child, C. B.J>urfe«. E.'.M.
Shs?.-. J. Koeimaa, E. U Gibson. . . :
♦
!Tn!-T>or Commission Meets
Tbe Ilarbcr Commissioners m*t yeaterday af
ternoon s-.1 transacted ?r:cn routine business
ca hail accumulated since their previous meet
re. Het!y, Tlbbitts ti Co.. wbo kave tte con
tract Icr the ccastruetlca of the new Pacific
Kail wharven. a«k*d permlfslon to remove the
«..<S £e-«-32-str**t ferry ?«!>. which I« la their
«*T- They offer to do the work in return for
the" old material. Captain 3. C. Ci'dwell of
' the revenue cutter Golden Oat* requested the
board to' construct an indorure at the routh
xrett corner of Lcrr.bard-etreet wharf, -which
caa be used as a, storehouse for tbe Golden
Gate.
«
Manr VKIt Minnesota.
Not J?es thaa-aO-H) San rTancnco niercr.ar.is.
rr^nufacturers. shipping men anl ethers int»r
fn»l in business*, together with women tod
children. y»-»!er<ia}- aceepu-d the invitation of
tJ-.e" Greet Northern Steamship Company to
lri!»pect th>: stean!fn!p Xlinreiscta. To carry
the visitors :rors chore to thip two steam m*
rel» were chartered th* tyg Defiance and the
•easier Caroline. These were loaded to their
full capacily fcr several hours, making numer
ous Journeys between Howard -street wharf and
tre Ulr.ncscta.
" Captain John Truebri^re an4 hi* cfficer»
welcon:ed in* vi!>;lcre. Th« entire ship »li
open and th* iruests w«»t wherever they would.
.\ pleasant feature of •;.< day was a lunch
eon £iun by the management to represtata
livpj of t!>e local press. The newspaper party
had be*r> first tho»n over the great steamship
by Captain Tru*-brJoE« and his assistants,
?•■-(•■.;• a full and admlrlnc inspection of the
Miuneiota'e innumerable appliances 'or the
comfort of l.er pjissenser*. Nearly fifty per
4 r > were then tcttfd at :'.- dining tables IB
the grand t>alccT». The luncheon we* fallowed
bj ,r?*cit adfireeKS by «•..-«: of those present.
t::-.: v them bfirp- Paul <;-owlest superintend
ent of the Associated Prt-s?; Captain John
MetcaJr*-. E. 6. Blair and Captain Leale of the
Caplin*. _
rhe O\crdiK» List
The British ehlp rCe!!ie Troop «u added to
th«. ovenSup list yt-nrr&ay. quoted at S per
ctnt. KSe ii out It* car» from Melbourne for
TO ADVEirriSERS.
v Ow-ing to the large
. amount cf work incident to
the issue of THE CALL
HOLIDAY EDITION,
SUNDAY, DFX. i3, NO
DISPLAY ADVERTIS-
ING copy \v;il be accepted
! vf or that edition after 6
IP. M. Saturday, and NO
JCLASSIFIED Ads after 9
p- M. ;
IjGET YOUR COPY IN
I |>r - EARLY.
Cape Town. The other orer«Jue« ar» quoted as
follotre: Stork and E<iith Mary, 70 p^r cent,
and Brier Holme. SO per cent.
Water Front Note?.
The British thip Oanfa, previously reported
i.crounl at Uaasluin, lias been floated after
<Jl»chareins parf of her cargo.
The schooner Lizzie Vance, which left here
Wednesday for Grc>s Harbor, was still oft the
port when the sun went down yesterday after
noon. She was offered a tow off shore, but re
fused assistance.
Tti»> liner hiberia. which sails to-morrow for
the Kar East, will carry one of the largest
shipments of sold ever taken across the Pa
cific In addition to $2,500,000 from San Fran,
dsco, rhe wall t&k* back the $:,O0O,GCO now
comlns this way en the Mongolia, due here
this mcrainx.
The German eh!p Keck, at Port Townsend,
yesterday dragged afoul of the British ship
Ancona. The Anccsa'i bowsqjrtt. foretop gal
lant mast and several yards were broken and
the ve<sel sustained other damage. The Neck
suffered slightly.
Shipments Tot Mexico.
The schooner Sequoia was cleared yesterday
for Mazatlan. with cargo consigned to the port
cf destination and ether Mexican cities. The
carjrc was rained at $14,070, and consisted cf
151.92S ft lumber. 1C24 bd> shooks. 12CO cs
loo) kecs bl&stlns powder. 19 c» fuse. 13 cs
blavting earn. 5 cs electrical exploders^ 20
bbls fuel oil and 10 drams rulphtc acid.
Tonnage Engagements.
Tbe French bark Max Is chartered for wheat
and or barltv from tMs port to Europe at
16s 3d; acbooner El Dorado (at Portland),
Lumber thence to Shanchai at ZtM 3d. with
oj.tior. of Manila at $9 50, chartered prior to
arrival; »hlp DirifO fst ' Honolulu), sugar
thenc* to Delaware Breakwater for orders.
The British ehip Strathgryfe (now at this
port) and the German ahlp Bertha (on Puget
Sound) will proceed in ballast to Australia.
Slovements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE. -
Steamer. From. J Due.
Northland Portland & Astoria 'Dec. 10
Breakwater... Cbos Bay iDec. 16
Arcata 'Coos Bay I Dec. 16
Elizabeth j Coquilie Rirer SDec. 10
Redondo ! Portland & Astoria IDee. 16
Pomuna Humboldt |Dec. 16-
Clty Peking... New York via Aneon.'.'Dec. lfl
Mongolia China & Japan IDec. 16
Chfco Coquille River !Dec 16
Vaniruard Humboldt !Dec. 16
Del None...... Crescent City [Dec. 16
Empire Cocs Bay jDeo. 18
F. H. Leggett Humboldt , Dec. 16
Czarina Coos Bay !!D«c. 17
iL S. Dollar. . China & Japan [Dec 17
Queen | Puget Sound Ports IDec. 17
Eureka ; Humboldt Deo. 17
Coos Eay Fan Pedro <c Way Pts. Dec. 18
Arctic HomboMt • Dec.. 18
I 3. Monica Oreys Harbor IDec. IS
Pan Pedro Humboldt 'Dec. IS
i Wellington... Oyeter Harbor ...Dec. 1»
i foronado San Pedro (Dec. 1»
Ceutralia Grays Harbor jDec. 19
; Corona Humboldt Dec lft
State of Cal.. San Diego & "Way Pts.|D«c. 19
Columbia Portland & Astoria ! Dee. 20
Pcm© Point Arena & Albion. iDec. 20
San Jose New York via Ancon..|Dec. 21
Aarelia Portland A Astoria iDec. 21
'Nefco Hamburg & Way PortalDec. 21
■Santa P.oea.. Ban Dleeo & Way Pts. Dec. 22
Point Arena.. M^ndoclno & Pt. Arena. Dec. *J2
Argo Eel River Ports jDec. 22
City Puebla. .. Pug't Sound Ports (Dec. 22
Eonita Newport & Way Ports. (Dec. 22
North Fcrtt... Humboldt 'D»c 23
Maripcsa Tahiti !D«o. 23
Homer Grays Harbor !Dec. 2*
0 W Elder.. Portland & Astoria .Dec. ?5
Ar.ubis J Hamburg &■ Way PortsiDec. 25
1 TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destlratlcn. Sails. J Pier.
December 16. (
Halnier Seattle & Blllngbm 4 pm Pier 10
Porno Pt. Arena * Albion 6 pxn'Pier 2
Newburg.... Grays Harbor 4 pmjPier 10
G. rjndauer-IOray? Harbor 1 pmiPler 2
Vmatll'a. . ..' Puget Sound Port*. 11 amjPler 9
Northland ..." Los Angeles Ports. 1> am I Pier 27
O. Dollar. . . ' Grays Harbor 4 pmlPler 20
F.Ler**tt.. Los Angeles Ports. 12 m Pier 2
December 17.
Ureakwater. Cooe Eay direct... 6 pm Pier 8
Point Arena. Point Arena 4 pm!Pirr 2
Argo Eel River Ports. ..| 4 psr.'Pl*r 2
Arcata Coos Bay direct. ..il2 rr.'Pler 1.1
, 'Bonlta I Newport & Way.. » amiPier 11
j»en<** j Hamburg & Way. 10 am'Pier 19
San Mateo.. i '"ent. Araer. PortSj.12 mlPler 40
Siberia -China & Japan I pm^Pler 40
Newport j.V. Y. via Ancon..l2 m; Pier 40
F. Kilburn.. I Portland & Way... 4 pmlPltr 27
Elizabeth ... | Coqullle River .... 5 pm!Pi?r 20
Vanguard.. ! Humboldt 5 pmlPltr 27
T ean je I Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm I Pier 20
H December 18. |
N. Fork i Humboldt ! fl amtPier 20
O W Elder 1 Astorlg & Portland 11 am: Pier 24
Pomor.a i Humboldt l:30p'Pier »
g Rosa J San^ Diego &. Way. 9 am'Pier 11
s' Monica...! Los Angeles Ports. 2 pmlPler 2
I December 19. j - I
Ccronado... Gra)-a Itarbor...A. 4 pmlPier 10
! Czarina 1 Coos Bay direct... JV pmlPler S
I Ea--eka I Humboldt 12* m'PJer 13
• Centralia. ...'Los Angeles Ports. (10 amiPier 10
■ ! December 20. I |
I Redondo Portland A Way.. 6 pm Pier 2
i . . - December 21.
I Corona.....". HumUoldt ...l:30pPler S
Queen ' Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Coos Biy... : Pan Pedro & Way. 0"ain Pl^ 11
I Arct ic jHuaiboldt 9 amlPler 2
I can Pedro., j Humboldt 10 amiPler 2
December 22. I
IB Barbara..! Grays Harbor 4 pmlPier 10
1 State of Cal.i Pan Diego * Way. 9 am Pier 11
1 Ventura ! Sydney * Way Pti 2 pm'Plor 7
December 23. I I
Columbia. •• Astoria & Portland 11 araiPier J4
£e<?ucia..... WJllapa Harbor... 4 pmlPler 20
December 24. |
City Peking- China & Japan.... 12 m! Pier 40
Aurclla.''.... Asroria & Portland 4 pm! Pier 27
v December 28. I I ■
City Putbla. ' Puget . Sound PortsJ.n amlPler 9
I ~~ ■ FROM gEATTLE.
Steamer. Destination. Salln.
EiTita Clara... Seldovia & Way Ports. Dec' 36
Cottage City. . Skagway tt Way Ports. Dec. 17
Jefferson Ekagway & Way Ports. Dec. ID
lime Ball.
Branch Hydrogravhle Offlce. 'U. E. N.. Mer
ctanti' Exohansre. San Francisco. Cal..
D(fmb»r 1.V 19C4. - r^&mS*Mnk**m*>
The Time Ball on t^e tower ■ of the Ferry
lAiildlng war liripi^d exactly at, noon to-day —
I . t . at no-Ki of tbo 120th meridlon.or at 8
p. m. Gre«:»i'-»riUne. J. C. BURNETT.
Lleutenent.'U. S.:-N.. In charge.
■
Sun/ MoonvnnU ' Tirto.
United Stair* foa«t and CpoiIc:!:. Survey-
Tim* and H<!eht o" Hts'i aivl Low. Waters
af Fort Tfcint. entrance to San Francisco
THE. SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 16, -. 1904.
RIVER STEAMER ST. HELENA, -
WHICH WAS RAMMED BY THK
GRACE DOLLAR TE8TERDAY. I
Bay. Published by official authority of th»
Superintendent.
NOTE-^The high and low waters occur at
the city 'front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
' of tide is the game at both places.
FRIDAY~DECEMBBR 16,
Sun rises 7:19
Sr.u nets 4:52
Moon sets 1:00 a. m.
d jTlme] Time Time TTnvef
J Ft. Ft. Ft Ft.
!» IH W[ L W H W L W
16 16:51 6.211:27 1.917:30 3.5
|L W |H W L W H W
17 0:3S 2.2 7:30 3.3] 2:07 1.5 8:31 3.3
IS 1:25 2.4 S:05 5.3 2:47 0.8 8:31 3.7
19 2:091 2.6 8:37 6.5' ."5:27 0.2 10:22 4.0
20 2:62 2.71 9:12) 6.7J 4:00—0.8111:06 -4.0
21 ! 3:37) 2.7[ 9:4S( 5.8| 4:45r— 0.6 11:52 4.4
NOTE — In the above exposition of the ■ tides
the early morning tides are given • In • the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column glvea the last tide of the
day. except when there are bnt three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the. number
given is subtracted from the- depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
SHIPPING IXTELIilGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, December IS.
U S stmr Fherldas, Feabody, SO days from
Manila, via Nagasaki 22 day», via Honolulu
7 day* and 12 hours.
Stmr Grace Dollar. Olsen, 83 boars from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Bee. Wehrman, 11 hour* from Moa
tercy.
Stmr Scotia, Johnson, 11 hours from Bowens
Landing.
Etmr Point Arena. Miller, 18 hsurs from
Mendocino. via Point Arena 12 hours.
Etmr V.'hltesboro, Fredertckson, 13 hours
from Point Arena.
Stmr Jeanle. Bartlett. 118 hour* from Se
attle.
Stmr Geo W Elder, Randall, 07 hours from
Portland, via Astoria 47 & hours*.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland, 21 hours jfrom Mon
terey. *
Stmr Santa Roea, Alexander. 42 hours from
Sac Diego ano way ports.
Stmr Bonlta. Preble. 63 hour* from San
Pedro and way ports.
Etmr Phoenix. Odland, 27 hours from
Eureka.
Stmr South Coast. Otsen, 16 hours from
Caspar (ud river direct).
ijtmr Maggie, Whitney, 4 hours from Half
moon Bay. • -
Stmr F A Kilburn. Thompson, 62* haur» from
Astoria, via Coos Bay SO hours.
Scfcr J M Weatherwax, Zeuthen, 7 days from
Columbia River.
Schr Albert ileyer, Johnson, 9 days from
BellUigham.
Schr Ida A. Campbell, 4 hours from Point
CLEARED.
Thursday, December 15.
Stmr Corona. Giclow. Eureka; Pacific Coast
Steamship Company. «v
Schr Sequoia, Hutman, Mazatlaa; William
Olsen.
Thursday, December 15.
Stmr Majririe, Whitney. Halfmoon Bay. .
Stmr State cf California, Thcmas. San Diego
and way ports. '
rtmr C.*ia« Nelson, Christiansen, Portland
and Astoria.
Stmr Jas S Hlsrrins. Higglns. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Fulton. Panrer, Eureka. -
Br shlo Druir.crals;, Bamcson. Sydney.
Br f=h!p Dltton. Davis. Sydney.
Schr A M Baxter, Iraacson, BelllnKham.
Stmr Corona. Gielow, ' Eureka.
Schr Bessie K, Stark. San Vicente Landing.
SPOKEN.
Per U S rtnr Sheridan. Dec 14 — Lat 37 03
N, long 124*33 AV, bktn J L Eviston, from
Grays Harbor, for San Pedro.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Dec 15. 10' p m — Weather
hazy; wind NE; velocity e miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— Sailed Deo 14— Stmr.Hyade*. for
Yokohama.
MONTEREY— Arrived Dec 14— Etmr Rose
crane, from Honolulu: ship Marion Chllcott,
from Honolulu, In tow of stmr Rosecrans.
SEATTLE — Arrived Dec 14 — Stmr Cottage
City, from SkaKway. »
• Ar.-ived Dec ' 14. midnight — Bcbr Meteor,
from Port Hadlock. " " \" : ■ ■• ~.
.' PORT HARFORD— Sailed Dec 15. 3 a n»—
Etmr Coos Bay. for Pan Pedro; stmr Santa
Cruz, for Ean Francisco.
ASTORIA— Arrived Dec 16-^Stmr Columbia,
'- hence Dec 13.
COOS BAY— Sailed Deo 15. 8 a m— Stmr
Arcata, for San' Francisco; stmr Alliance, for
Eureka: Etmr Czarina, for San Francisco.
Bar bound Deo 15 — Stmr Empire. , . - .
Arrived Dec 14 — Schr . Esther Buhne. from
San Pedro. . . - - -
Sailed Dec 15— Stmr Breakwater, for 8an
Frarcisco; aimr Slsnal. for Ean Fraacl»eo,
. . FOP.T BRAGG — Arrived Dec 15 — Stmr
Brunswick, hence Dec 14..
.; GRAY3 HARBOR— Arrived Dec 14— Schr
Eni<isn. hence Dec S.
EUREKA — Arrived Dec 15— Strnrs Mandalay
.and San Pedro, hence Dec 13; stmr. "Arctic,
.hence Dec 14.
■ Hailed Dec 15 — Stmr Vancuard. for San
'Francisco.
Arrived \ Dec 15 — Stmr Eureka, hence - Dec
14; stmr W H Kruger. hence Deo 14; schr Ida
UrKay hence Dec 9.
r Sailed Dec 15 — Stmr Francis H Leggett. for>
San. Pedro, via £*a Franclcco; stmr Sequela,
'for San • Pedro: stmr Pomona, tor San Fran
cisco. -. >♦»••-- «
SANTA. BARBARA — Sailed. Dec 15 — Stmr
Ccos Bay. fcr San Francisco; schr Comet, for
Grays Harbor. ' . . ■•
; .WE6TPORT— Sailed Dec 15— Stmr Westport,
for San Pedro. ■ ■ ,
f REDONDO — Sailed Dec 15— Stmr National
Cltv. fcr San Franciwo. • - . ' '
: . Arrived; Dec 15— Stmr Asuncion, hence- Dec
,12, 'rr.A , silled fcr £ui Francisco. . '
• KAN JL>!EOO— ArrHed Dec 15— Echr A J
AVrs-t. fiom-Gravii flarb<>r. ■ •■•"*T'?»'ot
r SAN PEDP.O— Arrived Dec 14— Schr Al
pr^.».ff<>:- Bvcrett.
•• r=i:sfl DCC--14— Sclir Mary DoAfaa, ■■ for
Weather Report.
12<#b Meridian— Pacific Time.) .
SAX FRANCISCO. Dec. 15— S p.- m::
The following maximum and "minimum tem
peratures are reported for the previous day: !
Boeton 2«-10! Plttsburg ........24-12
Chicago 2t-l«iNew Orleans 5S-8S
Cincinnati 26-101 New York 24-12
Honolulu, H. 1... 76-661 St. Louis ..82-2*
Jacksonville 5S-3SI Washington ..: ..20-8
Philadelphia 24-14J ' - 9 . t , , .
SAN* FRANCISCO 68-48
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same data
last season, and rainfall in th« last twenty-four
hours :
Last This Last
Station* — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka ». 16 « 11.57 14.77
Red Bluff 00 11.59 8.85
Sacramento 00 7.89 3.70
Ban Francisco 00 9.00 4.54
Fresno .CO • 5. Ofl 0.68
Independence GO 0.45 0.42
Ban Luis Oblspo 00 4.78 • 0.50
L4s> Angeles 00 1.48 0.43
Ban Diego 00 0.23 ' 0.40
THE COAST RECORD.
I pfpi if. i
STATIONS. I |fp |g |V; |
Baker 30.40 40 34 NE -.Clear T. i
Carson 30.26 54 24 W * Clear .00
Eur«k* 30.3S W 52 N Pt.Cldy .02
Fresno 80.82 W 34 NW Cloudy .00
BE. Farallon..80.28 57 54 NW Foggy .00
Flagstaff 30.12 54 16 NW Clear .00
Pocatello 30.26.40 24 SW Clear .02
Independence.. 30.24 WJ 30 S Pt.Cldy .00
Los Angeles.. 30. 12 74 GO RW Clear .00
M. Tamalpais.30.31 50 40 NW Clear .00
North Head... 30.42 62 ; 48 SB Cloudy' .20
Phoenix 30.12 68 34 SE Pt.Cldy .00
Pt. n. Light. 30.24 57 49 NW .'Foggy .00
Portland. 30.44 54 48 W .. Pt.Cldy .C6
Red Bluff .19.32 6S *6 _*JW*VClfar 00
Roeeburg 30.44 : 46 , 42 NW : Clear '-■- ..28
Sacramento ..30.32 50 AS W. Cloudy .00
Salt Lake.... 30.26 44 30 NW Clear. T.
8an Franclsco.30.32 66 48 NW Clear .00
S. L. Obiapo..30.18 62- 52 N Clear .©O
Ban Diego 30.08 68 52 NW Clear .00
Seattle 30.40 48- 46 SE Pt.Cldy .44s
Spokane. 30.30 46 34 8W Pt.Cldy .02
Tatoosh 30.32 48 . . S Cloudy "".00
"Walla Walla. .30.40 48 40 R . Pt.Cldy .00
Wlnnemucca. .80.36 60 48 NE -Clear ,P0
Yuma 30.10 72 42 NE Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen rapidly over the
northern half of. the coast. IV .
No rain has fallen west of the Rocky Moun
tains, except light showers. in Oregon. Idaho
and Northern ' Washington. -
Tule for continues In the valleys of Cali
fornia. . ■
It is cooler In Nevada, and Oregon, and
warmer In Northern California.
Forecast made at San Franclcco for thirty
hours ending midnight,' December 16:
■ California, north of Tehachapl— Fair Friday,
with tule fog in the valleys; light northeast
wind. -
California, south of Tehachapl — Probably fair
Friday: light northeast winds, changing to
we«t«rly.
Nevada — Fair Friday.'
San Francisco and vicinity—^Palr Friday;
light north winds. ■
Los A'ngeles end vicinity — Fair Friday; -light
north wind*, changing- to southwest.
- -Sacramento— Fair " Friday, with fog; light
north wind.'
Fresno— Fair Friday, with fog; light north
wind. A. G. MeADIE.
District Forecaster. !
Eureka; ecbr Ruty, for Coqullle River: schr
Ethel Zane, for Puxet Sound; stmr Shasta,
for .
TATOOSH ISLAND— Passed out Dec 15—
Stmr Meteor, from Seattle, for San Francisco;
Br 6tmr Wellington, from 'Oyster Harbor, for
San Francisco.
CLALLA&I BAY — Anchored In port Dec 15 —
Park Edward • May. from Tacoma, for Ka
hului; Fr shin Amiral Cecllle, from Tacoma,
for Quecnstown.
POUT GAMBLE— Arrived Dec 15— Schr
Rot>ert Lewers. from .
-PORT LUDLOW— Sailed Dec 15— Schr Tau
rus, fnr Son Pedro.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed Dec 15— Ship
John" Currier, for Adelaide.
/ ISLAND PORTS.
MAKAWELI— Arrived Dec 14— Bark- Emily
F Whitney, hence Nov 22, and not sailed as
previously reoorted. .
FOREIGN PORTS.
VICTORIA— Sailed D«e 14— Ger utmr Ger
manicus. for China; stmr Queen, for San Fran
cisco; Br stmr Tartar, for Yokohama.
COLON — Arrived Dec 13— Stmr Advance,
from New York. - . ,
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Dec 14— Span Btmr
Alicante, from Manila. \ *
GIBRALTAR 1 — Passed Dec 13 — Br stmr
Queen Alexander, from Manila, for' New
York. ■ ■ •: .-..-■
SINGAPORE — Arrived x>rior to Dec 15 Br
f t nir Peleua. from Glasgow. . for Seattle.
SUEZ — Arrived Dec > 15 — Br stmr Machaon,'
from Seattle, for London.
ACAPULCO— Sailed Dec 13— Stmr San Jose,
for San Francisco: stmr San Juan, for Ancon.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Dec 14— Stmr China,
for Saa Francisco.-'
: •'-->*: OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Dec 13— Stmr Hecla.
from Copenhagen, via Halifax; stmr Majestic,
'from Liverpool and Queeotown. • •
Sailed Dec 15 — Stmr La Lorraine, for Hai-re.
GENOA — Arrived Dec 15 — Stmr Republic,
from New York, via Nadee, etc.
NAPLES— Sailed Dec 14— Stanr Calabria,
fcr New York, via Leghorn.
HAVRE— Arrived Dec 15— Stmr La Tou
rair.e from New York.' '*" : -
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Dec 15— 8tmr Bal
tlo. for New York.- '-I* '" ' ' ■
SUEZ — Arrived Dec 15 — Stmr Machaon. from
Seattle and Tacoma, via Yokohama, - HI0«o,
etc, for Londcn. r - • . " - ■--*•«»!»«
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Dec 15 — Stmr Cedrtc,
from, New York, via Queenstown.
■ LONDON— Arrived -Dee 16— Stmr Mlnne
tonka. from New York; stmr - Luxor; from
Hamburg, and Ean Francisco, via South and
Central American ports; stmr Philadelphia^,
fron Boiton . . -• . .
DOVER — Arrived Dee 15 — Stmr Graf Wal
dersee. from Sew York. •
Menioranda.
- LONDON. Dec 15— Br . stmr . Oanfa,' from
Tacoma, for Liverpool, \ previously • reported
ashore at Maawluls, KOt pft^after discharging
part of earso. : ' < > N ■■■■
• PORT TOWXSEND. Dec 15— Or ship Neck
dragged afoul of Br ship Ancona this mornlnir:
Ancona's bowsprit. ■ foretoprallant mart and
peveral yards broken and other, slight damage
done;' damage to Neck • probably Bllcht. ■ ■."
- L.AMSON TO BE PRESIDING JUSTICE.—
The four Reoubllcan ". Justices -of the . Peace
will, honor their Democratic • colleague, A. B.
Latnson. by electing , him . presiding Justice of
the Peace for a period of six months, beginning
January 1,- 1905. ' This ; Is the- first :t!m» - that
a ; Justice .. of, the ' Peace : In . political minority
has 'been so' honored t and .Is -an evidence -of
the 'esteem . In which ,' Justice Lamson Is held
by 'his* associates. - ••
SCHOONER LUCY
IS IN DISTRESS
Captain Tries to Sail Over
Umpqua Bar Without Pilot
and " Euns Vessel Ashore j
GREW REACH THE LAKD
Little Craft May Be Savejl
if Given Immediate Assist
ance by the Tugboats
MARSHFIELD, Or., Dec. 15. — The
Drain stage which arrived here to-day
reports the schooner Lucy, from San
Pedro, ashore on the Umpqua Bar.
Finding r.o towboat at the mouth of
the Umpqua to tow her, the Lucy at
tempted to sail over the bar. It ap
pears that the channel had shifted
since Captain Peterson, the master of
the Lucy, left the Umpqua on her pre
vious trip. Captain Peterson attempt
ed .to turn, but his ship ran hard an'd
fast on the south spit before he was
able to bring her about. She struck
late yesterday, afternoon. The sea is
quJetlnj; down, and Captain Peterson
thinks that- if he gets immediate as
sistance he will be able to float his
ship, otherwise she will go to pieces.
The crew was at no time in danger and
reached shore safely.
COWDES WILIj COACH
STANFORD BASEDBALIi MEN
Ex-Captain of the Cardinals - Is Ex
pected to Work Wonders -
With the Team,
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Dec. 15.
David V. Cowden, a graduate of 1903,
was chosen by the excutlve committee
of the Associated Students last night
to coach the Stanford baseball team
during the coming season. Cowden is
an old Stanford ballplayer, and a thor
ough student of the game. • He played
on -the varsity for four consecutive
years, captaining the nine in 1902.
The choosing of Cowden for baseball
coach marks a change in that branch
of athletics at Stanford. In former
years professional league players were
secured as coaches, but with the suc
cess of the graduate system in football
came the Idea that professional coach-
Ing In every branch of athletics be
eliminated. . . . •
Says Howard Is a Defaulter.
L. E. Chapin of New York, who is
connected with the American Press
Association, swore to a complaint be
fore Police Judge Conlan yesterday
charging Robert C. Howard, the resi
dent manager of the association, with
offices at 207 Sacramento street, with
felony embezzlement. Suspicion was
aroused that something was wrong
with. Howard's accounts and Chapin
was sent from New York to investi
gate. The complaint alleges that on
November 28 Howard drew a check
for 170 on the Wells-Fargo Bank and
pocketed the amount instead of ap
plying it to the needs of the associa
tion. It is said there are other amounts
unaccounted for.
Arrests Unwilling Witness.
. Elkis Kohn, who purchased a gold
brick from Max Gutter, was so loth
to appear againjst the vendor that
Judge Cabanlss issued a -bench war
rant for. his arrest. Detective Bun
ner, who was sent out to find the un
willing witness, had considerable dif
ficulty in getting him.- He finally dis
covered Kohn in hiding at his home
last night and placed him under ar
rest. The bail Is fixed at $500.
Do You Want a Trunk
At a moderate price? One . that looks
good and is good, or a dress suit case,
valise or traveling set? "We have them
all in the best material and lowest prices.
Sarfborn, Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •
Rev. Mr. Rader I>cctures.
Rev. "William- Rader lectured at the
Third Congregational Church last
night on "The Courtship, of Miles
Standish." The poem waa illustrated
by a number of effective tableaux,
which. were well designed and care
fully executed. The Onward Club, un
der whose management the entertain
ment was given, is deserving of praise
for the evening's success.
A dream of pleasure, the new two for
quarter size American, J2 75 box 25. •
MOUNTED POLICEMAN STOPS RUN
AWAY. — Policeman B. E. Gable distinguished
himself yesterday afternoon by lassoing a run
away hocse and saving many children from
being Injured. The animal belongs to F. M.
Schou. a grocer on Golden Gate avenue. ! A
passing automobile scared the horse and he ran
for three blocks before being captured.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Try
Cooking ~
With_GAS
A pinch of sugar added to
fresb mustard makes it* taste
better and keep fresh longer. !
L — — . — : — ■ -J I
DETROIT j
JEWEL
DANCITQ
Econoipizers
$11 to $250
GAS COMPANY
415 Post St;.
' H * m t m I I I T - »
iiiiiiBf
QLL
I OUT:^BCEMBCR ; I5 .- I
,| Will; contain the following interesting stories H
!| and features: 1 . t a
§ ,TWENTY-FOUR PACES OF APPROPRIATE 0
I STORIE^ AND PICTURES |
I "Last Christmas of the Confederacy. '*£$£,. |
in ' - Mrs. Burton Harrison. «
I "The Madonna of the Tules." fi
;0 By Martha Tustin Patton (Fifty Dollar Prize q
1 1 "Henny"—Jt Christmas Story l\
> f| By^melie Rives. •■*
I "When ffistory Repeated." . 9
■ By Ina Wright Hanson. t|
I "The Hold' Up at MirabeL " |
M By Madge Morris. M
I "The Oil on Blodgetfs Farm." |
y . ' By Kathryn Jarboe. . : ..■■ }>;': ||
| Poster Picture— "The Old Time p
| p Christmas Dinner." . 0
I ';• By John F. Woolrich. 0
I "Three Inches of Snow." |
H By John Strange Winter. y
I "J} Christmas Tree." fl
| g . By Fergt» N Hnme. ' U
;| "Masque of Joy." |
M ■;;; - By 'Charles Tenny Jackson. p
1 "Doc Wilson's Christmas Pudding." «
By A. D. McMillan. . |
Book Page. h
By Robert W. Bitchie.
Theaters for the Holidays.
. With portraits of actresses playing here during |
N the holidays. ,
Music Page. • *
Full Page Head— Typical California s
Girl.
By R. W. Borough.
"Double Harness**^- (5 th installment).
By Anthony Hope.
"Jottings of Old Lim Jucklin."
By Opie Read.
"On and Off the Bread Wagon "
By Charles Dryden.
I "Fables for the Foolish."
By Nicholas Nemo.
"The Knack of Dressing Cheaply."
By Madge Moore. ;
"First Jhid to Gas Victims." :
sill-: Comic Supplement.
* Puzzle Page.
Full Page Picture— - tf The Mistletoe _ '
. Announcement of the Colored Art Supplement else- j
where. ' 1
A' rare literary and artistic treat
PRICE, 5c psr copy— Hall It to y:ur Eastern Friends.
For Sale by All Agents and Newsdealers. i
I v^iM^«w«a^s»s»p^g»ssjsj»swissp»IssjM^^sfl^WlB^^WraW^gTSM«M»^B^»^ rgT*TI'l|l ll_ i*J
RECOMMENDS PASSAGE OF
3IANY SANITARY MEASURES
Health Board TJrjjes Ordinance Re-
quiring All Garbage to B.e Col
lected at Nifclit Only.
The Board of. Health yestarday
adopted a resolution recommending
the passage of an ordinance by the
Board of Supervisors providing that
it shall be unlawful' for any person,'
firm or corporation to cremate the re
mains of any dead person until such
remains have been In a. vault for at
least thirty"days v The ordinance is de
signed to prevent the concealment of
possible crime by tlte incineration of
the body.
The Health Officer was directed to
present amendments of the present
anti-expectoration ordinance to the
Board of Supervisors and also to send
JLo every glove store a copy of a reso
lution reciting that it is unsanitary for
sales persons in fitting- on gloves to
moisten the fingers by their saliva. It is
urged that a sponge be used to prevent
the possible spread of disease germs.
The board also recommended the
passage of ordinances prohibiting the
beating or shaking of carpets, gar
nionts or bedding near any inhabited
building between the hours of 12 and
S a. m. unless adequate precaution i?
taken to prevent the flying of dust
particles; making it unlawful to ex
pose for sale any candy, grapes or
other foodstuffs unless they be pro
tected against dust and flies; providing
that no work shall be dons on build
ings unless precaution is taken to pre
vent the fragments of lime and mortar
from being- blown upon the street, and
providing that garbage shall only be
' gathered between the hours of 6 p. m.
'and 7 a. m. An , the ordinances ' are
designed to 'stop the spread of disease.
The board set December 29 for a
hearing on the proposed vacation of
alleged unsanitary premises at 2029
Fifteenth street, a stable at 2037 Fif
teenth street' and a stable at 515-51?
Green street.
The cellars at 816 to 820. 828, 836
and 838" Sacramento street were con
demned and ordered destroyed.
PROHIBITS THE KEEPING
OF SYVIXE IX CITY LIMITS
Supervisors' Health Committee Rec
.. onunetuls Exception of Bntcher
\ town From Restriction.
The Supervisors' Health and Hospi
tal Committee yesterday recommended
the amendment of ordinance 79?" so
as to prohibit the keepinjc of swine
within the limits of the city and coun-.
ty, excepting within the Butchertown
district. Action was taken on con
tinued protests filed by residents and
property owners in the vicinity of hos
ranches, who claimed that they were
nuieances and a hindrance to improve
ments in residence districts. The limits
within which it has been unlawful- to
keep swine have been extended several
times and the committee felt that the
time had now arrived. to eliminate the
objectionable feature from all portions
of the citv except in Butchertown.
where the slaughtering is done.
The commi'.'.'e also recommended
the passage of an ordinance prohibit*
ing the conveyance of bread, cakes
and pastry through the public streets
in open baskets or exposed containers.
Petitions were filed by the Thomas
Sanatorium and the Claxa Barton Hos
pital for permits to maintain private
hospitals, but were withdrawn, as the
Health Board alone has power In the
premises.
The zebra is born with ■trrpes; man
must acquire them.
ADVERTISEarEXTS. '
FbrChristmas
MITAL BAB TO_JJ<SJ^^ W»l
tMJIU* Itt^y
The most modern and convenient of
Fountain Pens.- Bills without soiling
the flns;ers: do«s not drop nor sweat
ink; feeds freely and Is always ready
for business.
Prices 33.OO to S5.00.
Don't fall to se« my choice lln« of
Holiday Leather Goods.
SHOPPXXQ BAGS In all latest
styles: newest colorinn and leathers,
from 5Oc to 81O.OO. -<
CABO CASZS and Purses — good
Ones. r»Oc us>.
Come in to-day.
CHRISTMAS CASPS and CXXJTX-
DAB8 at TOVVT.fiTi PSXOZS.
Mail orders promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS
. T. VT. JPITTH. the Stationer. . '^.
100S SXASZCT ST^ opp. Fifth St. ' .
San L-rancisco.
WEAK MEN CURED
s~—^. W« hava a saf ».
setose »* u* /<TTV\ PIMPLE HOME
,|5| cur« and want
»&2 /^^SS&y&r.* every WEAK <r
2X? 7. i5j?j£*r a u xde\'elopep
■>ri i }J^«a -P^^P n:an to trr it f'r
"1 li\ 2£- f '5? U 5 10 days oa a?-
.ffl^^I^L -»0> 2O rh»-««- Call «
3i * t icS jj '3 u» or write for
c3«'*£^ar? ' «S"t>> wr n«w v»ry in
"" r?M TMC -ISCJiJ Z ?tnict!T« lOO-pan
7^ loiittOE C «£S IU««r»tta bock.
IJnfjjyX^aSYsfJAfVni « plaining our ran* 1 .
MM4mMmiuiMm&w^ mm ' remarkable treat-
ment. It v.-.'If rc»tor-j tbe fir" and VIGOI:
at YOUTH. Th« only posltivg m««!n known
which will fully enlarre and completely de-
velop the organs, used with our Solubl* ■ Cray-
ons quickly cures all drain* and dUchant^s.
Varicocele. Stricture. Premature Decay. En-
largement of Prostate Gland, ttc. Oar phy-
sicians are experienced specialists for MEX
only TVe have the most successful h<wr.» cum
In th« world. CALL or WRITE TO- DAT.
Book sent SECVTtELT S£AL£D tree. Hours —
» to 9. Sundays— 10 ta 1.
Vacuum Appliance Co., \£T«£
1112
FREE-EXTRft CHOICE CALIFORNIA CANDY FOR CHRISTMAS
JOHN' I). fePRECKJELS '^l"Pro ftjetor
Address Communications to
JOHN* McXACGHT. r^V^Manager
\V~J. MARTIN" .-. I", Business ' r Manager
TELEPHONE.
A*k .'cr THE CALL. The Operator W ill Con-
nect You With the Department "You Uisn.
Publication Off.ce Market and Third. S. K.
Kditorlal Kocms 217 to 2^1 Stevenson Ft.
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per ff«* 75
Cts. Per Month, tingle Ccr'.cs 5 ets
Terms by M&ll. Including Postage (Cash Itn
Order) : tc lVt
DAILY CALL (includ. Bandar). 1 vear - •■*rXX
DAILY CALL (ir.clud. Punday). « mos... «_w
DAILY CALL— By Single Month „';£
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Y»ar - ' '
Wn^ K ; L J.S AL^ : v e is^Per-Ve»r-Exrra
FOREIGN I £? n £,y 415 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. \ tv^wr. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ' ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Sample Copies will be forwarded when re-
quested. , .
Mail subscribers In ordering cha «Kf. %£\v
Cr«M should be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to Insure a
prompt and ccrrect compliance with tneir re-
QUfrSt.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1018 Broaflwsy Telephone Main 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE: j _
S148 Center Street Telephone Nortn 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
SAMUEL W. WALL - Hotel Barton
NF.W YORK NEWS STANDS:
Walflorf-Astcria Hotel; A. Brentano 31
Union Square; Murray Hill Hotel; *ifth-a\enue
Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Shenr.an Hows: P. O. News Co.: Great
NortJiern Hotel: Treznont .Houee; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KP.OGXEPS. Msrquette Building.
(Long Dlftance Telephone, "Centra! 2tl9. )
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
CTEFHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORHESPOKDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE cf the San Francisco Call
corr.er Market and Third streets: open until
12 o'clock every night in the year.
• BRANCH OFFICES:
IOCS Market ttreet. opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. ni.
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay: open until
9:30 p. m.
COO Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
C.9 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
<"15 L»irkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
19(1 Mifsicn street: cr>en until 10 p. m.
J(f< Eleventh street: orx-n until 9 p. m.
H»6 Valencia street; cpen until 9 p. m.
Northfast corner Church and Duncan streets;
cpen until 9 p. m.
BJ09 FlHmore rtre^t; open until 9 p. m.
aaXETTTQ 2TOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Ooremaudery No. 1, K.
T.— Stated assembly THIS (FRIDAY) 1",
EVEXINO Ri 7:?o o'clock. Visiting ["Jl
fraters invitri. /
CHARLES M. PLUM. Commander.
L. A. LARSEN. Recorder.
PACIFIC Lo<lg» Xo. X36, F. and A. M.. »
will meet THIS EVENING at 7 V\f
o" clock. Third degree. /V\
GEORGE PENLINGTON, Sec.
SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. 360. F. B
«.nJ A. M., Mission Temple — First de- VY
gr*e THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING, at /V\
7 :.1O o'clock. Visiting brethren cor-
dially Invited, ily order of the W. M.
A. A. ANDERSON. Secretary.
THE Part Orange' Association, I. O.
<• r.. rr.-'s TO-NIGHT at Odd -^^reJXkfe
Ff Hows' Hall at s o'clock. An- '-^i^Sy^t^
nual election of offlcers. *<BlUfN-*
W. A. S. NICHOLSON. President.
♦ W. 1. BROBECK. Secretary.
ATOLLO LtvlF»~No. 123. I. O. O. .o*^*V«t5.
F.— Initiation THIS (FRIDAY)
NIGHT. December 16. 8 o'clock
sharp. Vifiting brethren cor- -JJi*^ ss *
dia!!y invited.
ARTHUR BEHREND, N. G.
W. F. NOUCROSS, Recording Secretary.
CALIFORNIA LoJge No. 1. K. of P.. -fS.
rropts THIS EVENING **$£%/
pt fi o'clock. Pioneer building. 24 "fefcrS
Fourth et. Pcge rank. Visitors
cordially invited.
F. O. MOLL C. C
R. N. McLENNAN. K. cf R. and E.
FAN FRANCISCO T<=r.t No. is, y^SJ^j^Jk
K O T M.— Review THIS ftiC^-SfA
(FRIDAY) EVENING at 8 /j>4 ;Q F?3
o'clock. Pioneer Hall, 24 tf^/l\\ihK|
D. 13. RICHARDS.
Record Keeper.
REGULAR mertir.g and Installation v X7 »-»
of offlcers of the Caledonia Club iV. (JkSj
FRIDAY EVENING, Dec. 16, at VaXV?
i* o'clock: high Jinks, for members
only; Scottish Hall. 117 Larkin st.
A. M. MACPHERSON, Chief.
JAMES H. DUNCAN. Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
the Nevada National Bank of San Fran-
osco. Cal., will be held at Its banking-
house, 30J_ Montgomery et. San Francisco,
Cal., on TUESDAY. January 10, 1005.
at 3:15 p. m.. for the election of directors to
»rrve Curing the ensuing year, and for the
transaction cf such other business aa may
ccme before the meeting.
GEO. GRANT. Secretary.
December 10. 3904.
AGEST5 WAJTTSD .
LOCAL agents for the only reliable hair tonic
the Marquis. 414 Post st.
ATTOBMrg?E-AT-I.AW.
A FRAUDULENT dlrorc* Is dear at $12 and
tc do good; for 22 years I've made divorce*
a *peclal:y; quick; quiet; no money needed:
re pay unless divorce Is granted; perfectly
reliable; lowest fees; advice free; collections
ca<Je G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market St.
CONSULTATION free, private and confiden-
tial: business lecally and promptly trans-
acted; cclJtctlons, mechanics' Hens, probate,
tenants ejecwd; legal papers drawn; loans
en real estate; safe, sound Investments high
rater interest. W. MATTHEWS. C32 Market.
R. W. KING. Attorney-at-law. Exam, bldg.,
Clh floor: entrance room C>11; established 26
years; all courts, general court and office
rxsrtlce: no fees In advance or for consulta-
tion : evening by appointment. Tel. Red 3C01.
AA— Divorce: costs $12; qu!ek.qu!et;aavlce free;
aH law busir.es:; no charge unless success-
ful: cpen «ver.ins«. 827 Market St.. room 30L
ADVICE free: £lvcrce costs $12: no fees or
cGftt In advance; all law business; offlc*
cprc Eatunlay evenings. 819 Market «.. r. X3.
JOHN GU1DKHT. attorney -at- la w rooms 3
»nd 4. 240 Montgomery St.; pbone* Re<i C617.
L fi. CLARK. C?7 Market, room S04; consul ta-
tlen free; no fees tn c2var.ee; open evening*.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — Th« Weekly Call.
1C pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
AUTOMOBILES.
AUTOMOBILE for sale; first-class runnlnc
order. Box 1007. Call office. *
ASTHMA CTnLE.
1)1 SOLA'S Asthma Bemedr relieves Instantly:
I0r. 2Sc. 60c.. 1C02 Market. St. Nicholas ;
c!fo V.'l»hart, 10th and Washlnjrton. Oakland.
ASOFTxrnr.
FOR adoption, handsome big baby girl newly
born: French descent. Apply 1709 Powell *t.
noAajnra roa cb-tt.i?b,sj.
WANTED — A child to take care of; good care.
MRS. WCBZ3V 2<2 Turk St. ■-
CARPET BSATIgQ Agp CXZAJTIgQ.
COMPRESSED Air anoTTvacuum Process uied
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal;
carpet* and russ also cleaned by compressed
a'r at shop; prices moderate. S. K. _Ccm-
p:«st«-d Air Cleaning Co.." 308 Market st.;
phones Main If 2 end Bush 473. - - .
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
eend for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing wcrVs. C55-3.'.7 Tehama «t. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1S0U Har-
rifon et.: Al cleaning. 5c FRED HAGE-
DORN.& CO.: rhone Mission 225.
MITCHELL'S* 240 Fourteenth st.— FIrst-cias*
carpet clrarfnir. 3c. yard. Tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. »C2 .Sutfr st.;
ttl. Mtln 394. GEO. WALCOii 4 CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH t- CX).7"c3ny:t-beatinc wnrksTprTcT*
rcatciiablc. J70H ITarrison St.; tel. MUs'.on 2C3.
WALL paper and trefcos cleaned. 785 O'Far-
r«i' st. . *
__BUSIKESS CHANCES. _j /_
A — $."1500; LIQUOR fctcrie. with 5 years" lease:
?2ti0<» stock . Kuaranteed: 1 block nortn of
Market; a very rare chance. - Call on li. G.
WILKE. 2ti»<j Kearny st.
A— $1MN>; UESTAUJ'.ANT and coffee saloon:
daily receipts $30; r--nt $S0; lease; place lo-
cated ■ ii.^r- to Markot and a good business.
Ca!l on R. G. WILKE, 2ti!i Kearny. St. *
A— $3500; SALOON; the best on the water
front; rent $74; place known for the last :i0
years i as a livst-class paying business. For
particulars call on R. G. WILKE, 20%
Kearnj- st. . . , . \ . '
A— $1200; OLD-ESTAB. eyeing and cleaning
works; 3 horses; 4 wagons: net rent *20;
place estab. lor many years and has a large
patror.ase; a good paying business. Call on
it. G. WILKE, 2til4 Kearny st. •
A— $1000; HOTEL; a first-class paying bar; 14
rooms, dining-room and kitchen, with 5-year
lease; close to carhouse aiul other factories.
See It. G. WILKE, 2«14 £earny st^
A-$1SOO; RESTAURANT for sale. In the best
mlnlns'town in the State of Nevada; daily
receipt?, $1I>O; opposite the round house; no
better paying proposition in Nevada. Partic-
ulars R. G. WILKE, 2C% Kearny et.
$CO0 — WILL take partner la a good raying,
nicely furnished coffee parlor and restau-
rant; lease: or owner will sell for $1100;
part on time. Eee R. G. WILKE, 26ft
Kearny ft.
A— $7000; BAKERY, one of the best In city;
monthly sales $6000; splendid chance for two
partners; not all ,ca3h necessary. Particulars
«-e R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $6000; COR>ER ealoon on water front; net
rent $D0; 4% years' lease. Particulars see
It. G. WILKE. 26*4 Kearny st.
A— $15C0; LODGING-HOUSE: transient hou««
on Poet St.; 14 elegantly furn. rooms; rent
$72 50; a first-class paying proposition. K.
G. WILKE. 26ft Kearny st.
A— $2000; HOTEL 'In Sonoma Co.; 20 furn.
rooms; dining and bar room, bus, 2 horses,
cow, etc., and 7 acres of land; 5 years' lease;
rent $50 or owner will sell whole property
lor $12,000. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 2tJ%
Kearr.j- st.
A— $175W; CORNER grocery and bar, with 5
living rooms, on Sacramento st.; 4^4 years'
lease; rent $45; the very best location. See
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st. ,
A— J2500; OYSTER and chep house, with pri-
vate boxes; place estab. 20 years: known as
I a firct-clasg paying business; location close
to Phelah bldg.; lease; owner engaged other-
wise; must sacrifice. See R. G. WILKE,
26H Kearny st.
A— $400; CHICKEN ranch In Sonoma County;
, horse, wagon, ccw; rent $7 per month; tools
and furniture. Call R. G. WILKE. 20%
Kearny st.
$500 — LOCKSMITH and electrical repair shop
for E&le; established 25 years; best location;
livlng-rocms. For particulars see R. G.
\T1LKE. Sb^i Kearny st.
$.5r>0 — Restaurant: very best location; rent $60;
close to Kearny and Bush; a good-paying
investment; investigate. Call on R. G.
WILKE, 2(3% Kearay st.
$S5U — CORNER saloon on Fourth St.. *»nt $25
daily reo-ij>ih about $15; good business; own-
er must sacrifice, as he has. to leave the city.
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
PRICE $1100 — Wood, coal, hay and grain yard;
a long-established business; 2 horses and 3
wapons; rent only $25; rare chance. See R.
G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $2900; CORNER grocery and bar on Va-
lencia tt. ; lease; old established and good
paying business; investigate; a rare chance.
Eet K. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $12W); ROADHOUSE. living rooms; rent
$15; no opposition; very best location: about
8 miles from city. See R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearnj- st.
A— J22C0; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon
in Istockton; rent $53: the leading place of
its kind in Stockton; all particulars. R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $900; BAKERY, with 3 llvitc rooms and
kitchen: rent $20; all store trade; cash re-
ceipts about $1*> per day. Particulars R. G.
WlLKE. 2U% Kearny st.
A— $2350; COAL, wood, hay and grain busi-
ness; 3 horses, 3 wagons; net rent $34;
place established years; very best loca-
tion; a good cash business. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st. f
A— $J>00; CORNER saloon In wholesale dis-
trict; no night or Sunday work; saloon es-
tab. 20 years and known as a good busl-
nees. See R. O. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $2000; CORNER saloon, with lease. In
wholesale district; a good business; owner to
leave the city cause of sale; a rare chance.
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $4000; CIGAR eland on Market St.. vicin-
ity Powell st.; 2% years' lease; must be
cold at once: owner to leave city for the
East. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny at.
A— $2450^ CORNER grocery and bar; 6 years'
lease; rent $40; store doing a large cash bu«l.
ness; location can't be beat; value In sight.
Eee R. O. WILKE. 2C% Kearny 1
A— $5500; SALOON; about 1 block from Phelan
building; aet rent $125; lease-; stock will in-
voice about $1200; a good paying place; In-
vestigate at once: rare chance. R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny at.
A— $2600: COFFEE ealoon and restaurant; 1
block from Examiner building; place estab-
lished years; doing a first-class business;
about $70 per day. Particular* tee R. O.
_W1LKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $4000; CORNER grocery and bar; few blocks
south of Market St.; net rent $90; lease 4
years; average monthly receipts $1100: valua
tn right. See R. G. WJX.KE. 2C% Kearny St.
A — $3500; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
St.; rent $U0; living rooms; stock will In-
voice about $2S00; a well established and
firM-cla-s paying business. See K. G.
WILKE, 2C% Kearny et.
A— $350; DAIRY, produce and delicatessen
ctore; 5 rooms; rent $25; best location Va-
lencla St. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
F. A. BROOKBANK. ~~~ "~* "
BUSINESS AGENT.
017 Mf>rket St.. between Fifth and Sixth.
WE have a client who wishes to associaTe
himself with a sober. Industrious man who
can invest $350 and services; he will give
Interest In business clearing $200 month;
references exchanged. .See BROOKBANK.
A CLIENT of mine who conducts a well pay-
ing clrar stand on Market st. desires good
honest man as partner to assist him in at-
tending stand, and to same he can offer fine
position; no experience necessary; $.">50 cash
required. Particulars with BROOKBANK.
5350 AND sen-Ices secure an Interest in old
estab. office and commission business clear-
Ing $200 to $250 mo.; no experience required;
party must be sober an<) reliable and fur-
nish good references as v same will be ten-
dered him. Particulars with BROOKBANK.
WANTED— Immediately, a young man with
ability and moderate capital as partner In
an established real estate agency. Particu-
lars 2149 Center St.. Berkeley, Cal.
STEADY man wanted as partner; plain, light
work; small capital required: sure profit of
$75 to each per month: owner Is a practical
workingman. COMMERCIAL INVESTMENT
CO.. 632 Market st.
$1200— RESTAURANT; well known, old es-
tabllsh,*! and doing good business; is newly
papered and painted; 80 chairs and with
everything complete. Address 1021 Third st.
Saci-amento. Cal.
WANTED— Partner In established packing
business handling pickles and grocers' sun-
dries: additional capital will be utilized to
lr.creaRe business. For particulars address
Charles F. O'Callaghan. atty.. 39 Nevada blk.
WANTED—^Partner with $4500 cash: have the
best . and ■ safest business proposition ever
presented.S where large profit will.be made;
don't answer unless you mean business: no
agents.. Box 2SS9. Call.
WILL sacrifice for quick gale the best paying
Frocery and bar north of Market St.; receipts
$60 to $70 a day; make offer. PACIFIC
BUSINESS ASSN.. 114S Market st.
OLD tailoring establishment; downtown •• 15%.
foot, show window; worth $2500; low rent-
leavintr city; first man showing me $S00 can
have this snap. Box 25S4. Call.
$2T»0— PARTNER wanted; cigar store and bi\-
llatfi-room: rood etpek and trade: too leng
hours fcr one man reason for taking partner;
fine location. Mar In Inv. Co.. 235 Kearny.
AN old-established manufacturing drug "busi-
ness with good eelling proprietary prepara-
" lions, tiademarks. etc.; will eell or exchange
for real estate. -Address bcx .2913^ Call. -
I $3500— NEW store, new fixtures, new stock-
city; fu'.l amount Invested; a bargain Aiil
dreis box 2203. Call office.
WANT to retire; elegant photo etudlo for sale
cheap ; . none better in thin city. Box 20S1*
Call office. . «
JCOO — LAUNDRY route, wagon, harness, . etc •
clearing $100 per month; full Investigation*
' Box S3CS. Call.
LIQUOR store and Baloon; fine wine cellar; good
lease; good corner. 'JSOS ICth, - cor. Howard.
BARBER shop for sale at 401 Seventh «t.,
> Oakland; going away.
TOYSAN. FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1904.
BUSINESS CHANCES — Con tinned.
A— CAMEIiON & CO. — Phone. South 1050.
3 i:ddy »t., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters lor all kinds of business chances.
For sa> — Several good business propositions for
investors, such as clsrar stores, groceries. and
bars, bakeries, furnishing goods, merchan-
dise, country hotels, restaurants and many
other- propositions too numerous to mention;
would be pleased to have you call and inspect
our list. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy St.-
For sale — Firrt-class bazaar and cigar busi-
ness; Al location, long lease, cheap rent, ■fix-
tures and store up-to-date; . established . 17
years: fine new stock of goods; has never
changed hands: now clearing $350 and over
per month; best reason for selling; an op-
portunity of a lifetime. Sea CAMERON &
CO.
For sale— Well-furnished and equipped coun-
try hotel; 59 rooms: rent only $.150; 10-year
lea»=e; newly paintted and renovated through-
out; about 60 mires from S. F.; fine, grow-
ing town; present owner made fortune and
wants to retire. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
For sale — One of the best hay, grain, feed,
( wood and coal yards, S. F.; cheap rent:
horses and wagons; well equipped; present
owner retiring from retail business; guaran-
teed to clear about $3M> per month; books
open for" Inspection. CAMERON & CO. .
Exchanges made in all kinds of real estate,
rocmlng-house and business chances. CAME -
RON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
For sale — Well located cyclery; rent $123; 8-
year lease; sell, rent and repair all kinds of
bicycles; carries full supplies; agency best
wheel on market; does business of $1500 to
$2000 per month; goods at invoice, CAME-
RON & CO.
• \ - ■ ■ ' ■••'•• ■ .
First-class saloon downtown: 2 blocks from
Market st.; rent $75; well fitted up; receipts
$18 to $25 per day; must be sold on account
of other business; price $1600. CAMERON
& CO. ' -
Harness and eaddlery shop.- well -located; rent,
$12; well stocked; fine wax machine; all
bench tools; everything goes; price $1000;
more than value in sight; retiring from busi-
ness. CAMERON & CO.
Wanted— A good business man with $500 cash
to associate himself with practical surveyor
for establishment of land office; new reser-
vation just cpenlng up; has been in employ
of Government on same land for 3' years; an
opportunity of a lifetime; expenses from
start. CAMERON & CO. . _
$300 WILL buy a eood paying bakery; will
bear full Investigation. HAWKS. & MEHR-
TENS. corner Seventh st. and Railroad ave..
Alameda. • •
$150 — CIGAR store; on busy street near Mar-
ket; must sell to-day; departure. 1007Vi
Market st. '
FOR sale — Small restaurant; price reasonable.
Call at premises. 930 Washington St.. cor.
' Powell.
CIGAR stand for 'rent; Invoice for sale; enap.
427 Taylor st.
GOOD paying saloon and good prospects ahead
for sale. Inquire 1619 O'Farrell st.
FOR sale — Saloon and restaurant; cheap. '" Call
831 Howard St.- ■ ■ ••* -. •
FOR sale — Saloon with lease. Apply' 200 "Ninth
st.. from" 10 ' to ' 3. '
FOR SALE — A cigar stand, with pool and
billiard-room attached. Box 2881. Call office.
ROUTE 12, San Francisco Call, for sale. Ap-
ply San Francisco Call office.
A BRANCH of Ace of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements ana subscriptions has
been opened at IOCS Market St., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
LODGING-HOUSES TOR SAIiE.
MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Hearst bldg., over "Examiner" entrance,
corner 3d and Market etsr Tel. Black 3607.
Hotels and rooming-houses for sale. Free list.
We furnish abstracts free & guarantee titles.
No. 37.
OUR BEST proposition in a straight rooming-
house: new and modern
building: new kajsomln-
ing; new painting; new
carpets; new birdseye
maple and v mahogany fur-
niture; full of hlch-class.
steady roomers; long
lease; 4 blocks north of
Market on best street car
line; clears $175 monthly;
37 rooms; would exchange
for apartment-house clear-
ing not lew thar. $400
monthly; will pay cash
difference.
MARION GRIFFIN. 406 Examiner building.
Corner 3d and Market sts.
No. 22.
?110O FOR 22-room house near Ellis and
Hyde; rent $65; same own-
er for 15 years; honest
owner and honest house;
clears ?75 monthly year
after year.
MARION GRIFFIN. 406 Examiner building.
Corner 3d and. Market su.
No- 100.
APARTMENT-HOUSE of 100 rooms, especially
well located;, nice furnish-
ings: guaranteed monthly
profit $448; very fine se-
lected class of occupants;
house Is highly . recom-
mended.
MARION GRIFFIN. 40G Examiner building.
Corner 8d and Market sts.
No. 17.
17 ROOMS. (3 unfurnished): $350 down and
(650 in payments of $10
monthly; clears $73 month-
ly; sunny side of street;
full of nice people; flower
garden; back yard.
MARION GRIFFIN. 406 Examiner building.
Corner 3d and Market sts.
No. 40.
SICKNESS of owner causes sale of a 40-
room worklngman's bouse;
always full of men room-
ers and clears $125 to $150
monthly; south of Market;
rent only $110. Make
"^ . some offer to
MARION GRIFFIN. 40C Examiner building.
Corner 3d and, Market sts.
No. 28.
NEW and MODERN house of 23 rooms, cor-
ner north of Market; 5-
year lease; electric lights;
mos? beautifully furnished;
• eminently respectable, quiet
and refined; full and a
waiting list of applicants;
owner In hospital.
MARION GRIFFIN. 40C Examiner building.
Corner 3d and Market sts.
No. 68.
DEPENDABLE houses? Why, yes, here la
" one of 03 rooms guaran-
teed to have a monthly In-
come of. $430 over rent; 7-
year lease; modern build-
ing; electric elevator; very
fine furnishings;' owner
,' ■ - • rick.
House worth $8000
! Will sell for. $5700
You pay down . ; ....$3000
\ You pay In Installments
$2700
MARION GRIFFIN. 406 Examiner ; building.
Corner Sd and Market sts.
No. 18. "
$250 DOWN 1 and ?2.*iO In $10 payments takes
an 18-room- NE. corner
flat, clearing $48. monthly;
' rent $33; It's' the biggest
bargain for little money; 4
blocks north of Market. -
MARION GRIFFIN. 406 Examiner building.
.■ ■■■♦.■•■ Corner 3d and Market sts.'
* ' ■ No. 9. ■ ' ' . . . " . '
DEATH causes eale o{« a 9-room house near
: Eutter and Larkin; "rent
$33; newly. furnished; make
us an offer quick.
MARION GRIFFIN. 406 Examiner building.
tv Corner 3d and Market, sts.
No. 14.
, FINE OAK furniture, fine Brussels carpets," 14
■ outside rooms; 3 blocks of
Market; profit $55 -month-
ly; rent, only s $48; price
t $750. *£ cash.--- 1
MARION GRIFFIN. 406 Examiner building.
■ ■ f ■ Corner 3d and Market sts.
SPLENDIDLY equipped "apartment house, 75
rooms, Berkeley, Cal. ; 60 rooms occupied; no
agents. . Apply- 1003%' Broadway, -room 8.'
O&kland.">4g£3fgKB99MBW»fiR9)g>3&ras)fg
WELL furnished 14-room house can" be secured
i '.for $600 cash If 'purchased to-day, or ■will
trade. Address 242 Postst.
FOR sale — Lodging-house n 28 .rooms; near HI- '
bernia Bank: good income; no agents." Box i
1297. Call office. ;-,: J
tODGIKG-HOUSES FOB SAIiTJ — Ccn.
A^CAMET^r^rc^^—--P* i ° ne South 1050
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels ana
■ All Kinds of Business Chances.
Look this up- here is a chance to. get fine
little' home, combined with business: you can
live rent free and make some money besides:
this house of 9 rooms, rent only $32 50: fine lo-
cation on California st. ;-we!l furnished; some
new , carpets; newly painted and papered;
1 everything In fine condition: piano and sewing
machine goes; price only $650.
You "can't, beat " this beautifully furnished.
100-room. downtown house: carpets, furniture
nnd draperies. of the very best; electric lights,
steam heat: In fact everything modern and up
to date; long lease; cheap rent; owner leaving
city. ;
This speaks for itself: 13 rooms, furnlshed^n
oak: new carpetjj and full to the roof with
good people, which brings In profit of $73 per
month: sickness compels sale.
We have 13 beautifully furnished < rooms In
fine block on Post st. ; full nicest kind of room-
ers; new and modern throughout: brings In
nice income; furniture in oak. birdseye maple;
velvet and Axminster carpets; cost $1800 to
furnish six months ago: obliged to leave city;
big bargain; $1200.
Here is 14 rooms; Van Ness: furnished In oak
and mahogany; good carpets; all full; clearing
nice little salary every month; It is yours at
$600.
Flrst-class Investment where you can earn
$2400 per year on expenditure of $4BC0 in 40-
room house; rent only $125 per month; choice
location on Sutter st.: always full; best of oak
furniture; good carpets; sickness only reason
tor selling. .
Swell 'family hotel on Sutter st.; beautifully
furnished; always full; there are 80. rooms, rent
only $425; obliged to leave city; will be sold at
half cost to furnish.
■ We. have a 0-room flat, new, modern build-
ings sumptuously furnished; carpets cost $3 50
per yard; beds cost $100 each; hair mattresses
cost $35 each; new 8 months; actual cost to
furnish. $5000; must go East and will take
$2700; half cash, balance C per cent per annum;
everything ready to step right Into an elegant
home.
Here is 16 good rooms, close In, with 3 rooms
not furnished, but are all full and pays $50
per month above all expenses; owner taking
larger house; price $1050.
14 sunny rooms close in; rent only $60 per
month; some new carpets: everything nice and
clean and pays well; price $900; $400 down,
balance time; a fine chance.
Nice little house of 16 rooms, with good fur-
niture and carpets; rent only $65; must dispose
next ten days; make .offer. ,
Grand, new^ modrm apartment-house; beau-
tiful building;-. elegantly furnished; good long
lease with cheap rent; only 15 minutes' walk
from Kearny st. ; has 180 rooms and pays $300
to $CCO per month; always full; best class of
people; a bargain can be had If taken at once.
Big snap; 31-room apartment-house; rent
only $4 per room; •well furnished and clearing
$90 per month;- will only take $550 cash, bal-
ance time; price $950.
' Here is the. coziest and most complete house
of CO rooms, superbly furnished with everything
that good -taste and judgment could suggest,
combined with an elegant, new, modern build*
Ing; 'every room, occupied and clearing a fine
profit, and sickness is the only cause for dis-
posal.
Golden opportunity to get nice 7-room flat;
rent only $40; water, garbage and janitor ser-
vice free; mahogany and oak furniture; carpets
body Brussels, new 1 year; cost $300; now $i50;
obliged to leave city.
Another one; a beautifully furnished 6-room
flat; Sloane fitted it up 6 months ago and cost
considerable over $900; think of the rent only
$25 per month; choice location; big snap;' $400.
"We have a number of special bargains In
flats of 6 to 10 rooms, new and modern; can be
had for less than half cost to furnish; must be
sold, either account of sickness or departure.
Hav» large list of real estate, hotels, room-
ing-houses and business chances for exchange
or trade always on hand.
A. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
- MITCHELL & CO., ... ,
1200 MARKET 8T. PHONE JESSIE 2981.
Rooming and apartment-houses, hotel*, flats.
Sold to suit purchasers. Titles guaranteed.
AUTOMOBILK AT YOUR SERVICE
A— 16 ROOMS; O'Farrell; rent $80; for ..$1100
21 rooms; Post; rent $90; only.: $1200
We absolutely guarantee titles.
A — 52 rooms; new. apartments; rent only $6
per room; 2-3 rooms and bath each; this Is a
golden opportunity; see It and you will like
It. MITCHELL & CO., exclusive agents.
FOR sale — Very cheap,- 21-room house in cen-
ter.of city. Inquire 319 Taylor st.
UPPER flat, finished attic; modern; 16 rooms-
rent $60. Corner Laguna and O'Farrell sts.'
CLAIRVOYANTS.
X^nsXTRAO^DlN^Y^ "
To Consult
. RICHARD MAYO
At Reduced Charges.
Complete clairvoyant readings 50c this week.
No charge unless satisfactory.
- You can be the Judge.
At a glance, before you have a chance to
utter one word, he wilL tell you what you
- came- for and what' you want to know. He
will tell you your name, your age. occupa-
tion. His descriptions ' of your friends and
enemies are as real as though they stood
before you. - _
LOVE. COURTSHIP AND MARRIAGE.
Gives truthful revelation- of all lo\-e affairs,
. .troubles, marriages, restores lost affections,
reunites the separated, settles lovers' quarrels
• TKLLS YOU WHEN AND •
WHOM YOU WILL MARRY.
And how to WIN the man or woman you
love, and how to make your husband or wife
be true to you, and how to overcome all
your enemies and how to make a person at
a distance think of you. nnd how t» DE-
VELOP PERSONAL MAGNETISM, THE
-KEY TO ALL SUCCESS..
Permanently located. Thoroughly reliable
Ellis st. — 421A— Ellis st. .
Hours — 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. Private flat.
LIVINGSTONE. !
THE OCCULT WONDER.
FOR A RELIABLE, INTELLIGENT CLAIR-
VOYANT READING, CONSULT
LIVINGSTONE.
FIVE RECEPTION PARLORS. LADY AT-
- TENDANT.' 26% KEARNY ST.
ATTENTION
MRS. DR. CLARK.
The well-known medium and. clairvoyant,
may be consulted on all affairs; every hidden
mystery revealed;. she will show 1 you how to
overcome your enemies and unite the sepa-
rated; tell your entire life, past, present and
future; satlgf action by mall; send stamp for
• circular and special terms. . 343 Geary st.
MME. M. BERNARD, the famous clairvoyant'
and business medium. Is located at 17 Third
st., near Market. She reads your life cor-
rectly, gives accurate description of the past,
present and future: greatest living adviser on
all affairs In life; as a proof of. her psychic
power she will tell you what you called for
FREE of charge; ?5 reading this week. .$1;
satisfaction guaranteed. .
ISMAR, Egyptian seerees. The Vendome, 1104
Market st., San Francisco. Office hours — 10
a. m. to 9p. m. : Sundays, 10 to 12: Wednes-
day evening. 0 to 8.' -..Phone South 1141.
MME. PORTER, . clairvoyant, - medium; born
with double veil and second sight: tells past,
present. " future Wl. 50c: g. by cards $1; palm-
lfitry full life read. $1. 303 Jones, nr. Eddy.
MISS M. WILLE, 310 Ellis St.. clairvoyant,
.crystal seer and life reader, tells you exactly
whet you called for without asking a ques-
1 tlon: names given: $1: hour^. 10 to 8.
MISS ZEMDAH, young, gifted clalr. and palm.;
reveals love, marriage, business, etc.: L. 50c;
G. $1: hours ,10 to 9; names. ' 714 Franklin st.
MME. KRONENBERG. palmist, clairvoyant,
rard reader: when others fall try me; r*ad-
■ Ingg 25?. 324 O'Farrell Bt.: tel.- Red 6537.
MRS.' SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader, has
returned: sittings dally. 1C8 Cth st., rooms 1-2.
MRS. BAUMANN, ' the well-known forttme-
teller. is now at 317 Elll* st. ■ ■
' SPIRTTUAI.ISM.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. 1206 . Market, r. 14. Gait House.
MRS. CRINDLE'S materializing seance Friday
eve. 50c. 782: Ellis st.,; 8 o'clock.
C. MAYO STEERS ''trance medium. 305 Lar-
kin, room 49; readings 1 to 5; tel. South 311).
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted slate- writer and
; •clalrvryant. 1112 "Kridy ft. Phone : Scntt SS7.
CEEDIT ' CLOTHIEKS.
C F. ADAMS CO.. 31S Mason St.— Clothing
*.. for everybody from hat to shoes; you can get
■ what yon -want from us and have It charged.
. CLOTHING ' R£N9VATIHCr.
SUITS . cleaned 'and pressed.'^ $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bor. Marche. Examiner bldg.. ! r. 410;
.' puone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver £r*e.
TO ADVERTISERS.
Owing to the large
amount of work incident to
the issue of THE CALL
HOLIDAY EDITION,
SUNDAY, DEC. 18, NO
D I S P LAY ADVERTIS-
ING copy will be accepted
for that edition after 1 6
P. M. Saturday, and NO
CLASSIFIED Ads after 9
p. m. ;/£;*
GET YOUR COPY IN
EARLY.
* ; ; ■ —. ; ; — !*
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or countrv. Pacific Collection Co., -415
Montgomery St., rooms, 0-10. Tel. Main S5S0.
DENTISTS.
A~NEW platfr^The Whalebone — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 60; fillings,5Oo;
• elates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chlcagt) Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting. BOc; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 233 Kearny. cor.Bush —
Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up;flnings.25c.
GOLD fillings. 73c; silver. 35c; crowns, $2; no
paln;open Sundays. Dr.A.C.Hewltt,204 Sutter.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentlst.r.H.lst
floor., Phelan bid. ,800 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from Geary st.
to corner Sutter St. and Grant av». ■
DRESSMAKERS AND SSAMSTKE33E3.
McDOWELLDressmaklng & Millinery School-
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew-
art's button and buttonhole factory. HO Taylr.
. EDUCATIONAL
A — THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
leges ; refs. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor; day, evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
E. R. AYRES, founder of Ayres Business Col-
lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing: $5 month; life scholarship
$50; positions secured; day, eve.. 723 Market.
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
Institution devoted exclusively to dramatic
learning In America; positions guaranteed.
Send for catalogue. Native Sons' building.
HEALD'S School of Mines and Engineering. 24
Post st., S. F. ; civil, mining, electrical, steam
and gas engineering. Send for prospectus.
A SUCCESSFUL college; new; large rooms;
perfect light; all graduates are getting posi-
tions. S. F. Business College, 73S Mission st.
ENGINEERING-*Clvil. elec, min.. mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1S64. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post sU
Established 1803; largest In the West; an-
' 'nual enrollment 1000; send for circulars.
ALL Kng. and com. branches, $5 mo. : 47 les-
sons Benn Pitman shorthand hold any posi-
tion; lndiv. instruc. West. Bus.CoL,12Sl'Mkt.
CLASSES In short stoyy writing and Journalism
meet on Mon., Wed. and Thurs., 2 p. m., 333
Phelan bldg. ; terms very reasonable. -
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col.. 602 Van Ness
ave.; positions secured. R. H. Webster, Pres.
A— GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEGE, 13S2 Market st. Send for catalogue.
G. MANSFIELD, teacher of violin, guitar,
mandolin, banjo. 522 Eddy st.
BOOKKEEPING — Save time, gain knowledge,
with TARR. expert, 217 Parrott building.
GUITAR, mandolin and piar.o, $3 per month;
vocal lessons! $1. S2S Haight St.
CHICAGO Business College. 15S4 Market— Posi-
tlonw, shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $S,mo.
ADULT and Juvenile claeses now open. Hln-
man's School of Dancing, 1412 Polk, nr. Cal.
SHORTHAND taught thor'ly by mall and per-
sonally. Miss M. G. Barrett. 302 Montgom'y.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st. — Night class.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment office
supplies best help promptly; city or country.
S. IMURA, 839 Sacramento. Tel. James 5231.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 428 Powell st.; tel. Main S752.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 6188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1007. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPIjOYMEKT WANTED— FEMALE.
A — BOOKKEEPER, cashier, young lady; ex-
pert accountant; quick, accurate; all modern .
systems; highest references; last position 5
years. Box 2.373, -Call.
A YOUNG girl wants work In • plain family
where will be treated as one of the family;
fond of children. Box 2604, Call office.
EXPERIENCED Infant's nurse wishes a sit-
uation; city references. Box 2<i01, Call.
EXPERIENCED Parisian dressmaker would
like a few more day engagements; perfect
work guaranteed; !2SO per day. Box 2513.
Call office.
ENGLISH nurse wishe* care of one child;
competent to teach; speaks French: country
preferred; excellent references. Nurse. 221:J
Buchanan st. "
WANTED — By middle-aged . woman, " -house-
work half day in exchange for sunny room
and board; lower floor; no basement. Box
. 2052. Call.
COMPETENT, refined woman wishes work,
light housework, children's seamstress, nurse
invalid; good home; reasonable "salary; refer-
ences. Call or address MRS. L., 415 Ellis.
WANTED — By colored woman, situation as
second girl or general housework. 222 East
Fifteenth St.. East Oakland. -
A COMPETENT youne woman wishes house-
work and cooking In a good family; wages
small. Box 2512, Call.
A COMPETENT laundress and house-cleaner
wants work by the day, $1 25; references.
Box 2511, Cal).
STRONG American woman wants work;.flrst-
. class house or office cleaner; $1 23 per day;
•good references. Box 23tVS, Call office.
COMPETENT woman would like a position as
nurse for children; can give best references;
wages $20 to $25. Adres3 3663 Eightenth st.
EXPERIENCED woman wishes, few more cases
nursing ladles during confinment. Box 233D,
. Call office. " -
A BOOKKEEPER with knowledge of type-
writing; can give city references. Phone
Mint 1673, or box 2865, Call.
YOUNG woman wishes position as working
housekeeper in widower's family; no wash-
ing; wages $20. Box 2419, Call.- -* '{i-»' ; i
A' NEAT young woman wishes light "work in
small private 'amily; steady place de.ilred
" Box 2420. Call.
AN experienced . apprentice for coatmaklns
. Box 2518. Call. ■
WOMAN wants position as housekeeper or
cooking. Box 23C9. Cal!.
EXPERIE1TCED Infant's nurse wishes a posl- i
tion; city references. Box 2543. Call office. '
CAPABLE woman wants position as working
housekeeper in lodging-house, r 910^ Folsom.
A GIRL wants general housework. 210 Rltch
■ ■ street.. ' -. • ' . ....-.-
EMPIiOTMSarT, WA2TTEP— MALE.
A FELLOWCRAFT, 30 years, wants work of
any kind except canvassing: has had 6
years' experience as a watchman. W. E.
D.. 124 Eureka St., S. F. •
GERMAN, Industrious ana willing, 23. at
, present employed as waiter, wants- to learn
bartending; town or country; $15 while learn-
ing. Box 2507, Call office. ■, .,
WANTED— Position In private family by good
v first-class cook. Box 2576, Call office.
WANTED — A Job to run elevator by good,
, BOber man.,. Box 2570, Call ■ of flee.
SITUATION wanted by .", first-class cook In
■ : family. SING. 758 Clayrrt. . ..
UPHOLSTERER would like work In a hotel.
, : 1858 , Eighth St., West Oakland.
EMPLOYMEHT_JWjjlKTED^-K^*^Con
WANTED — By an active man of 32, work of
any kind, in the suburbs, country or moun-
tains; can drive team and is a fair coo*;
wages $20 month and found. Box tti93. Call.
1 MIDDLE-AGED German wants to take car;
of a place; knows vegetable and flower gar-
dening pruning; handy with carpenter tools:
can milk, and take care of horses: city or
cou n try. Box 23U1. Call. ' '
WANTED— A situation by a good sober engi-
neer familiar with Corliss and other r£ake» of
engines, air compressors, dynamos" and mo-
tors; good references. Box 2367. Call office.
STEADY young man wishes to run errands
from 7 to 10 a. m. and between 9:30 and 11
p m.- best of references. Address box 2S32.
Call office.
A. SCANDINAVIAN man. 25 years old, wishes
'position as houseman or do Janitor work In
the city or country. Address J. A. M.. SZi
Mission st.
WANTED — By young man, 24, position to
travel for commercial house: one year's road
experience; willing to advance. Box 23C0.
Call office. _^_^_^^^_^___
GARDENER wishes situation; competent In
all branches; greenhouses, orchard, vegeta-
bles and landscape gardening; references.
Box 2308. Call office. ; ' -
A BRIGHT young man of 17 years wishes to
work In wholesale house where advancement
could be had; best of references. Address
box 2440. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED German wants position; un-
derstands gardening, . pruning, etc. : handy
with carpenter tools and horses. Box 1135.
Call office. > ■
EDUCATED boy, aged 19. and willing to work,
wishes position evenings In some store dur-
ing the holiday season. Address box 2959.
Call office. "
! ENGLISHMAN, experienced, wants - position
as coachman or second man; good references.
Box 2520, Call office.
WANTED — By young • man, opportunity to
learn nursing In hospital or sanitarium. Box
2519. Call office.
A YOUNG man of 24 wishes a position of any
kind; willing to work. Address box 2517.
Call office.
EXPERIENCED baker, age 30, wishes posi-
tion on bread or cake In city or country; ref-
erences. Box 2370, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS barber wants steady evenings,
Saturday and Sunday position. Box 1262.
Call office. -
TWO young men. 19 and 20, honest, willing,
educated, wish position at anything. Box
2515. Call office.
WANTED — Situation by a young colored man
as butler or Janitor or presser. 1100' Camp-
bell St., Oakland. Cal.
ELDERLY man wants work as choreman or
take care cf horse and garden; wages $10
per month. Box 2506. Call.
FRENCHMAN, flrst-clasg barber, not speaking
English, wants small place In city or coun-
try; speaks Spanish. Box 2909, Call.
YOUNG Ben Israel desires to become agri-
culturist: wants work on a farm. LEON
BROWN. 622 Sacramento st.
YOUNG man wishes work In fruit store; wages
reasonable: best references. GEORGE
HEART. 216 Sixth St.
YOUNG man wishes- position tn drugstore; un-
derstands prescription, Latin, French; best
of references. G. HEART. 216 Sixth st.
FIRST-CLASS union barber wants steady Sat-
urday and Sunday Job. CHARLES SLU-
KAN, 314 Third st.
GERMAN, single, 'wishes position aa porter
and lunchman. or any kind cf work; city or
. country. Box 2509, Call office.
BY • young man of 21. any kind of work for
small wages: must have work at once. Box
250S. Call office.
YOUNG man. 23, wants work of any kind; has
had some experience In bouse cleaning. Box
1712.- Call office. .
YOUNG man wants work of any kind; under-
stands care of horses, cows, garden, etc.
Box 2340. Call office. ■
FIRST-CLASS carpenter wishes work; $40 per
month. Box 2521. . Call office.
TWO young and strong Swedes wish labor of
any kind; Box 2550. Call. - _
YOUNG man. 23,- wants work of any kind.
Box 2510. Call.
COOK and wife, German, middle-aged, want
position; country. Box. 2337. Call.
SACK sewer and sack tender would like posi-
tion. FRANK VARGAS. 828 Pacific st.
A S£>BER. steady man wants* coachman's po-
sition;, can milk: reference. Box 2949. Call.
WANTED — Set of books" to keep evenings. Box
. 2S72. Call.
WANTED — A position aa baker's helper. Box
2431. Call office.
JAPANESE young man wants situation to do
cooking and general housework; has experi-
ence; several years' good reference. ABE,
258 A O'Farrell st.
JAPANESE, experienced In housework and all-
round servant desires a situation as school-
boy. S. NISHIJIMA, 511 Bush st; phone
Black B034.
A JAPANESE very honest boy wants goo*l
plain cooking and housework: no wash;
small family: $6 week. Y. TANAKA. box
• 2505, Call office. "
JAPANESE boy wants position to do house-
work. K. TAYA. 546 Haight st- ; phone Page
_302S. j
A' JAPANESE wants housework or help In
kitchen; wages $3 or $4 a week. S. SUG-
INOTO. 420 Powell st^
AN honest Japanese wants afternoon work, 4
to 8: waiter or kitchen help; housework. R.
WADA. 931 Sacramento st. .-.",.:. ■>
SITUATION wanted by Japanese first-class
butler, who arrived from Eastern country;
ha« good references. S04 Stockton St.. rm. 35.
JAPANESE, experienced in cooking and house-
work, desires a situation as schoolboy. MOR-
PHY MATER. 25SA O'Farrell st.
JAPANESE boy wants position to do house-
work. K. TAYA, 546 Haight St.; phone Page
3028. _^
GOOD Japanena boy wants any kind of work
In the morning a few hours. 1026 Larkin st.
GOOD Japanese wants situation as schoolboy:
good English. H. EZAKI. 744 Post St. Tel.
Sutter 1731.
TWO Japanese want positions, one good cook
• other first-class waiter; in nice family. M.
M.." 508 Taylor. st.
JAPANESE, experienced cook, all-round ser-
vant and having • good references, wishe*
work. KERRY TAKETU. 25SA O'Farrell st.
SITUATION wanted by Japanese; flrst-class
. butler: Just arrived from East; has good ref-
. erence*. Box 2335, . Call.
A JAPANESE want* a position at night or
morning work. T. O.. 1543 Larkin st. ,
A JAPANESE '-wishes work, schoolboy or half-
day work. A. B..- Cl Minna st.
FIRST-CLASS Chinese cook wishes a position
i In small hotel, ccuntry. near city. FRANK.
1110 Stockton st.
YOUNG Chinese. boy- wfshes ponltlon as flrst-
class cook In. small family; $3 or $9 week.
WAHKEE. 7 PenSam place.
YOUNO". Chines? 'wishes position as cook Hi
/amily. ' Call- at Sang Wo Sang & Co.'s. 613
Jackson ,»t. ■ • . - - ,
A BRANCH office ofThe Call for the reception
I of advertisement and subscriptions fca« been
opened st IOCS Market st.. opposite Fifth.
'untM -11 n. m , • ,
' ECZEMA CTOE. yj_
$100 (FREE for any case of ecrema. salt rheum
or 'barber Itch that I can't cure: a trial treat-
ment free." DR. BROWN. 54 Sixth st.
' FTJRK'ITTTjR.E WAITED.
"WE* LL GET YOUR BUSINESS"— We pa>
the- most money, f of furniture, carpets, of ace
fittings, merchandtse and houses. MARK J.
LEVY AUCTION CO.. 1321; Market st.. be-
tween 9th and 10th. .Phone South 179.
. ••; : . . " ABE LXVX !
Salesroom. 113o Markot st. TeL'Jessl* 781. |
Don't cell your furniture, carpets, offlc* fcr- I
nlture. etc.. until you get his estimate.
WILL pay 20 per cent man for furnltur* th*a
dealers or " will sell . on commission. L. It
BURP, auc. lBSfi Market: phone, J««il» rat
CALL on Alfred Wollpert. 773 Mission St.. be-
fore selltnr Your. furr>'tur». Phone Red 44*2.
' FUKMITUBB TOB SALE.
FOR sale — Massive oak bedroom ' suite and
other furniture and ' hall carpet; all new.
Call after 1 p. m.. 249 Noe at.
ALMOST given away: storage - pianos, furni-
ture, dirt cheap to pay storage. Whitehead's
Storage: open evenings. ItriK Market st.
BREAKING up; all handsome.- modern pieces
furniture, 6 months old," cheap. 1006 Haight.
HENRY MAYER pays highest prices for rar-
i . nit are, carpets, etc - 782 Mission; tel. Bush 813
rnJAUCXAX.
THE REALTY SYNDICATE.
Capital paid ii $».fi0o.<y<> ~,
fcurplu " -,wuv; •**°'*
Fix per cent
Investment Certificates
At par.
Office — Xc. II Sansom«» st..
San Francisco. C*l.
CCMPaNIFS formed: mining or patents- stor*
•old: strong F.istem connections: ndvlcV f-».
Write A F HARASSTTHY. r?2 r-. M ,u v M *^'
PLATS TO 1ST.
A — HOUSES and flats to let: an Immense list-
service absolutely free: take advantage o »
this department; It will save you time ar.j
trouble. Cirdes Furniture Co., 215-50 Gea-»
st., on the square.
COTTAGES, houses and fiats to let; every fo~.
alrable vacant place In San Francisco on
our lists: service abwrtutely free; let us find
you a place; come In and let us know what
rent you want to pay ana the locality- "w»
do the rest." Sterling Furiture ComDanv
1033 Market St.. opp. McAllister.
ELEGANT, new upper flat, 8 rooms with attic*
beamed celling paneled dining-room rent
low. 1333 McAllister st. '
A 6UNNT corner 6-room flat; bath: basement •
half block from Market St.; Eighteenth and
Castro at. cars. 3345 Seventeenth st.
NOE. 1052. corner Elizabeth— Sur.ny corner up^
per flat; new; 6 rooms and bath; modem lai-
provements; convenient to 2Uh-Castro cars.
A* CLEAN, sunny flat, 4 rooms, yard, adults
$12 50. Inquire 1111A Jones st.
LEAVENWORTH. 1319«4— Flat of 4 rooms;
yard and gas; rent $12.
PINE. 2810— Sunny upper flat. 7 rooms, bath*
large sunny yard: rent $."5.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
on LYON & HOAG. Ufi Montgomery st.
ttmAts, fob sali— rumtisasp.
A MODERN sunny upper flat of 7 large rooms
completely furn. 4 months ago. 817 Jones!
PINE. 732— Five sunny r. and b.; well fur;
rent S25: sell or trade for small business.
WANTED at ence— Furnished 5 or 6 room
apartment in desirable location. 2GD0. Call.
HET.P WA3TTED — TTMAJmB.
TWO cooks, city. $30 and $33; 2 second girls,
city. $20 and $25; housework, Palo Alto $:«•
s«cond girl. Palo Alto. $25; 2 cooks. Ala-
meda. $30. $33; 2 maids and seamstresses,
$25; upstairs girl and nurse. Berkeley, $20;
chamber work and waiting, country hotel.
$20; 2 working housekeepers. $15. $20 for
city; 2 nurse girls. $ir». $20: housework.
Alameda. $30; housework fur Colusa. $25;
lady attendant, nurse for hospital. $23; 2
nurses for a home, $20; 40 general hous»-
work girls, city and country $20. $25 $30.
Call to-day. J. F. CROSETT & . CO 334
Sutter st.
WANTED — A cock for 12 adults, German style,
no washing, for Alameda. $:.!5; girl to assist
general work in boarding-house. $22 50;
seamstress for a family, $25: nurse girl for
two-year-old. $20. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 334 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID (must sew some> for prlvata
family: $25: see lady here at 2 to-day. MISS
PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter St., nr. Powell.
CCUPLE fcr private family; $50; woman for
cooking, man for general outside work. MIS3
PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter St.. nr. Powell.
THE ROMAYN-SHIRK Register, Rentirg and
Adv. Co.. 612-613 Grant bids., cor. 7th and
Market: South 104 — Girl, general housework,
family 3. $20; gir'.. general housework, small
fiat. $25; salesladies, exp., curio store. $"-*:>.
A— WANTED — GlrJs to leara halrdresslng.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to 2
In 2 wks; tuition $5 to those entering now; .1
positions to fill Immediately; positions guar-
anteed at $10 wk. up; only recognized school
of Its kind on coast: day and eve. classes.
233 Geary et.. room 13.
WANTED — Girls to learn millinery now for
spring season; both seasons taught from start
to finish In one month for $5; positions as
trimmers, salesladies, makers, guaranteed at
. $10 per week up; 7 positions to be filled by
first of year. Parlora 143 Stockton St.. r. 13.
A— PACIFIC College teacnes hafrdresrfng.
manicuring, electric massage, etc. : six hours*
practice a day; guarantees positions: only
reccgnlzed college of Its kind on coast: day
and evening classes; all parlor work at r»-
duced prices. 133 Powell at.
SEWINO MACHINE OPERATORS ON OVER-
ALLS. JUMPERS AND COATS; NO EX-
PERIENCE NECESSARY; STEADY WORK:
GOOD PAT. LEV! STRAUSS & CO.. 32^4
FREMONT ST. MR. DAVIS.
IN OAKLAND. COR. 10TH AND CLAT STS..
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS OJf
OVERALLS: NO EXPERIENCE NECES-
SARY; STEADY WORK; GOOD PAT.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.
WANTED— Bright young women to tell toy*.
Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALH
BROS.' i .
YOUNO woman who Is an experienced dry
goods wrapper. Apply bet. 9 and 11 a. m..
at HALE BROS.'
COMPETENT young woman, general hous*-
work and cooking; 3 adults: wage* $25 t»
£30. 15 Fair Oaka. near 21st; call after 11
WANTED — Protestant girl, family of 3. plaia
cooking: wages $19. 251 Scott st.
YOUNG lady, good coon singer, to doubla on
vaudeville stage. Box 2531. Call.
GIRL for cooking and housework: small fam-
ily: good waxes. 224 Sutter st.
YOUNG lady wanted who> understands talior-
lns and attend store. F. BERTIN. 430 Bush.
WANTED — A middle-aged woman as a house-
keeper In a small family of 8 adults: wages
$15: a good steady home. Address F. R..
Tuotumire, Cal.
WANTED — Chocolate dipper; $10 to $12 per
week. Apply KELLER CANDT CO.. Oak-
land, office 477 Seventh st.
'LADIES for steady home employment: $3 asd
$12 weekly. Emma Spreekels bl«3g.. 927 Mar.
ktt st.. room 913.
GOOD hands on Tests who can make button-
hole*. Wl'i Stevenson st.
WOMAN wanted as housekeeper on ranca. 838
Howard St.. room 3. bet. 0 and 12.
EELP WANTED — MATTE.
AMERICAN COMMERCTAlTbuREAU.
Conducted on Strictly Business Principle*.
Positions Secured For
Office men. Bookkeepers,
Stencgraphera. Collators.
Correspondent clerks. Cashiers.
Traveling salesmen. Accountants
Office managers. Railroad clerks
Flcor walkers. Dry gooda clerks
Shipping clerks. Bill clerks.
Shipping clerks. Hotel clerks.
Law office clerks.
General office men In all lines.
Call and Investigate our system
AMERICAN COMMERCIAL KUREATT.
303 Starr King bids.. 121 Geary st.
AA— GEORGE DAVI3 & CO..
Employment Agency. 130 Sansome St., Room ».
Salesman, books. $3 day.
Entry clerk, wholesale house. $30.
Clerk In wholesale house. $40.
Strong boy, $7 week.
2 salesmen, mantels. $2 day.
4 newspaper canvassers, $2 day.
2 advertising solicitors, country.
Printer's salesman. $15 week.
Wholesale millinery salesman. $106.
THE NATIONAL EMPLOYES* RECORD CO.
Young man. office assistant, $40 start.
. Kntrv clerk, wholesale hou«e. $M ytart.
Spanish stenographer, excellent pay.
Young man. knowledge of carpentry. $&>•
2 master mechanics, gocd ray.
Pcrter. wholesale house, good pay. ..
Gentlemen's furnishing goo>!3 salesmen. $73.
Openings for men of ability.
_51JThlrd st.. suite 9-10.
ATHORDi SMITH'S.
Contractors' Agents. Ii5 Third st. *-
Cock, restaurant, south. $12 ta $!4. '.."**
First and second cooks. San Jose. $70 and f4.
Teamster, Bay ?hore. $2.
Solicitor, tea and coffee, city.
Experienced man far dye works-. $20s. •.■-rr^.
POULTP.YMAN and "wlfi. $,w"anirfound: bey
" to learn mover's trade. $5 week anit- In-
crease; hotel cook. $H0 and found: boardinr-
honse cook. $4O and found, and others. J. T.
CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento st-RAflONA CHOCOLATE CHIPS OR- RAMONA -DOMINOES-FREE
HXU WAKTED-^MAXj^contlnned.
MURRAY & READT. C34UGM Clay at. '
Phon* Main M*4S.
Tbm Right of Man to Live— the Right of Man
to Work.
Leadicg Employment and Labor Agent*.
- W« gave in 19«.i3 1904 w« hope to
.OO.OfK) men work. increase €0,000.
12 ranch hands, 525, $*U> found.
i> prunere. (26. $3t> found.
<* dairymen, $30 to $40 found.
Foreman for a brickyard, boss her*.
:-.-.--r.::h. (3 to <4 day.
ft SAILMAKERS, $4 DAT.
Dyer and cleaner; 3 apprentice boys.
•Marker and distributor, «outh«rn laundry.
ZU we«k. MABJUED _
Cook and wife, kitchen work, country, $80
and foond.
♦>x>k and wlf#, rnine. Nevada, ?55 found.
. Milker and wife, Portuguese. $40 found.
HOTEL DKPARTMENT.
S bot*l cooks, $55. $4>». $30 found.
BAKER.
• Raker en cakes, ctty, $lft week.
PORTERS. BELL AND ELEVATOR
BOYS.
MURRAT & READY. <5S4-€T,« Clay *u
4 ROOF PAINTERS. BOSS HERE.
Blarksmith camp. ?2 .'«•> day.
. Te»tcw.er. city, haul irrain. etc.. $35 found.
Fweman for a rii<*> Giant Powder rang,
used to r-'wrc rocks under water, $4 day,
north, boss here.
MURRAY & READY, ff?4-63« Clay rt.
TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
CROWT»S GOING — ARE YOU?
rv>AL MINERS — OREGON— COAL MINTHIS
OREGON. COAL MINERS. OREGON.
MURRAY & REAI>Y. 634-3S0 Clay st.
THE ROMAYN-SHIRK REGISTER, RENT-
ING AND ADV. CO.,
<a2-fl."5 Grar.t Mdg.. e*r. 7th-Mkt. S«uth "04.
Al rroevryman, cempeter.: to take charge.
SsWrr-.an. gents" furnishing dept.. trp salary.
Al piano paleeman, good saJary.
ANDRE'S Office. S17 Stockton St.— Man and
»lfe to do cock!r.g and baJtin*. country hotel,
$100; chef, country. $100; waiter. $10 a week;
gardener, $40 and found.
POSITIONS FOR THE NEW YEAR.
riUrh-prade ea'.esm*n, office and technical
rt.fn. twking position*, will find it to their 1
advantage to Investigate our plan. Whether j
employed or unemployed, we can interest
■ ynu. Calls received daily for men for de-
rirable positions in rrerranttle and technical
• !me*. Our chargrs are moderate and our
rprpp-^lt^lty !s open to your investigation.
• COMMERCIAL CLEARANCE COMPANY,
415-416 Starr King Wig., 121 Geary rt.
VAN end wife for the country: man to do
■ome gardening, woman as housekeeper; ref-
etencee; wages $"»0. MISS PLUNKETT, 425
Putter rt. # near Powell.
MANAGERS, outside cities, high-clase employ-
ment crmpeny; $*><V> to $1000 and bond; sal-
ary $75 to 1100 and percentage of business
done. Bex 2590. Call office.
•CARRIAGE painters: good chance for rood
man; no opposition: cheap rent. Box 87,
Livermore, Cal.
WANTED — One or two men to learn a trade:
must have $10 for security; no Sunday work.
' Call 61» Merchant, bet. Kearny and Montgy.
BARBERS, attention— f 35 buys 1 -chair hotel
ehop: «ood income; rent and gas $8. 610
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday. 208
WAVTED-Bu«lHlm«n and apprentice. 1007 H
Larkin ft.
SPOTTER on la«iW garments; rood wage* fot
po«d workman. Prwsicio Height* Dye Works.
P.i 'Y to learn picture frame trade; $:: 50 per
»»k '.n «tart. Cal. Frame Co.. P27 Howard.
TWO-CHAIR barber shop for sale; reasonable.
<"Vr:i«>r Fourth and Minna streets.
SJKX-Th* only criminal Moler Barber College
tenth's barber trade In 8 weeks; wages
carried while learning.
N>* quartors an<i new appliances.
Call or write for illustrated catalogue.
Meter Barber College. C43 Sa-ramento at.
Lately movrd from Clay st.
WANTED — Few hlph-class soliritors to sell
certi"cat<'« cf deposit in a banking corpora-
lion; Km* financial assistance to those with
ability and Al references; none othT need
• rply: opportunity to realize $5 to $10 per
cay. Addicts box 1046. Call offle*.
A PLEASANT faced, fine appearing, registered
physician and ourpeon; must be qufte gray,
bat active; positively no other; no traveling;
«i1ar> $2i»f* or more when well start'-d. Call
. *t £*■ Third st.
TV" ANTED — Men and women to learn the bar-
ber trade, under 3rt>t-cla.«s instructor; only *5
weeks required at GILLETTS SCHOOL. 611
• Commercial st.
WANTED — Laborer* and mechanics t-» knew
that Ed RrjlU'n. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new roomn to the Denver House.
217 Third «.. ; 230 rooms; 25c to 60c per night.
WANTED — Men to prepare for railway mail.
internal revenue and custcm-house positions;
. free catalogue. Pacific Correspondence Insti-
: ' .tute. Grant bldg.. 1W5 Market; open tvgs.
' WANTED — Young man \rho 1* an experi-
enced bundle wrappr. Apply bet. 9 and 11
a. m.. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Captain for a lumber schooner:
wapes $110 per month and big profits; must
Invest S20<>0. Apply £32 Market «.. room 23.
•WANTED — Educated gentleman for encyclope-
«U »ork; $1000 per year; references required.
Box 1190, Call office.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 60c. 671 Mission rt.. bet. 1st and 2d rts..
cr 11 Third st.. Examiner building.
WANTED — Men to fill SSO room* at 20c per
night ; clothes closets, hair mattresses, elec-
tric light in every room. 6Sl Howard, nr. 3d.
TRY our men's shoes, union made; $1 and $1 50
pair; foot-fcrm shoes. $2 50; we pay express
. charpes- 11 3d St., Exam, bid.; open till 9 p.m.
COATMAKER for country". Apply REISS
.* BROS. & CO., 24 Sutter *t.
' WANTET> — A iwond-hand le* plant, immedi-
ately. Box 1C93. 1008 Market st.
. COLEMAN exchange — Barber shops bought and
• K)ld. Room S06, Mutual Bank bldg.
4-CHAIR barber ehop for Bale. $*500; owner
going East. 218 Montgomery ave.
WANTED — 4 to 6 chair paying burb^r shop;
full investigation: central. Box 2^24, Call.
WANTED — To buy a good paying barber ehop;
two chairs or more. Box 2514. Call office.
SCHOOLBOY to carry morning papers; no
Sunday work. Apply 1325 Mission st.
BARBER trade taught absolutely fre.
HAIGHTS. 751 Mission st.; »ee him.
MEN to learn the detective business; paid
while learning. 897 Market et.. room 104.
"MEN. learn the barber trade; tuition free t«
lucky one, 711 Howard ft.
SAII/3RS and young men »gre«n hands) for
ships. HALLBERT. 817 Jackaon st.
MEN wanted at 137 3d et.. where shoe* are re-
paired by machinery; eetred soles 10 mln.. 75c
LA'EOR debts collected: cults, attachments.
Law end Adjustment Co., 32S Montgy.. r. 415.
PENSION etty., E. A. Hullls, r. 4V). Phelan bid.
Part Com. Geo. H. Thomaa Post. O. A. R.
. WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 7<v» rooms: 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch offlce. cor. Duncan and Church.
A BRANCH office cf The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Or«*n until 11 p. m.
ALL sizes men's shoes rlightry damaged, half
price. S71 Mlfsioo tt.. bet, lat and 2d sts.
HOEEES 4U3 WACOSS.
FIRE sale — Vehicles of ail descriptions slight-
ly damaged by fire, smoke and water, to be
cold at a sacrifice during next '. days at
O'BRIEN t SONS'. 500 Golden Gate ave.
-CARLOAD rer.tle driving asd business horses,
also heavy wagon and truck horses. WEST-
ERN HORSE MARKET. E. STEWART &
CO., 220 Valencia rt.
TWO carloads broke horses, welshing from
10(10 to 1800 pounds, at Western Horse Mar-
ket. E. STEWART &. CO.. 22O Valencia.
THE quarterly bulletin of 8. F. Veterinary Col-
lee* cow ready: mailed free upon application
to DR. E. J. CREEL Y. Pres.. 510 Golden Qate
FOR sale — Butrry. $35; horse, work single or
double. $-15. 1318 Grove Ft.
A . STYLISH, rentle horse for sale : 7 years
eld: trots or paces. Box 1497. Call offlce.
.BUGGY for eale; fine running order. Address
box 12»8. Call office.
FOR stale — 10 second-hand express wagons, one
cicfle truck. 233 Beale rt.
AUCTION tale of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 227 Sixth et.
HOUSES TO LTT — PTTBgTSgEP.
,FTXEk 27M — Cory, runny 8 r. and b.; complete-
i Iy for.; laixe yard; basement: fine locality.'
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; Bend for cir-
cular. G. H.^UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery
UNFURNISHED or partly furnished home;
Presidio Heights; 8 rooms and bath. Box j
737. Call office. _^____
HOUSE, 8 rooms and bath. Inquire 128
Eddy st.
COTTAGESTOLCT.
$16 — 5-ROOM cottage on Cottage row. nr. Web.
«ter. bet. Sutter and Bugh. Inquire Nq 7.
HOTELS. |
HOTEL BALTIMORE. 1015 Van N'ess ave.—
TJiis first-class hotel, now being conducted on
American p!an. especially for families for the
fa.*, n or year. Location Is unsurpassed. The
equipments »r« all modern, with every con-
venience. The rooms are large, sunny and
comfortable; superb view; furnishings are all
elegant. Cuisine highest order. H. C. SHAN-
NON, manager, formerly of Hotel Langham,
New York, and Mcana Hotel, Honolulu.
INSTALLMENT BUTXDXXrO^
BUILDING" CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.
Installment homes, 512 Callachan building,
will bu;id on your property or buy you a lot;
18 a month pays principal and interest on
each $1000 of balance due, making your ln-
Ftallments less than rent; gtnd for circular.
LOST ASD fOUyi).
LOST — A pass bock with the Hibcmia Savings
and Loan Society of Ban Francisco In the
name of ELIZABETH J. MACKENZIE* No.
241-U1O; the finder .will . please return to
bank.
LOST— Sunday afternoon, at beach, eouth of j
Tark. Mack Scotch collie bitch. Suitable re-
ward If returned to 132C Forty-ninth ave.. •
Boulevard station, or notify where can be t
found. I
LOST— Pe;. 10. lady's green and gold enameled
watrh: initials, "A. M. B.." inside; finder
kindly return to J. BAEH, 1200 Geary at.;
liberal reward.
LOST— Wednesday, 1:45 p. m.. Pine and Jones
Ft*., gold lorgnettes, set diamonds and pearls.
monogram N.T.M.; liberal reward. 1120 Pine.
, LOST — Nov. 14. black pocketbook containing
certificate of laundry etock; reward. 1S33
McAllister st. . / ■■■:
LOST — Tues.. at Newman & Levinson's, pair
gold lorgnrttfs; liberal reward by returning
to California Optical Co., 20«") Kearny st.
CHIP diamond snd ruby rings left In lavatory
of White House, Please return to office of
came.
LOST— Dec. 14, 2 rings, 1 ruby marquise and
1 quartz; suitable reward. 743 O'Farrell St.
LADY who l"Ft umbrella In ferry building on
Tuesday plpa*e call at room 4. ferry bldg.
LOST — Tuesday, diamond screw earring; re-
ward Wells-Fargo building, room 26.
LOST — Sunday, round leather purse containing
sum of money. Reward Auditorium Hotel.
JtATTIf CHEB FOB KIBE.
C. A. McNEILlT LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
rt. ; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
MATTRESSES A2TO PILLOWS.
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BP.OS.. 1432-14 Howard St. : phone South 21ft.
MEDICAL.
LADIES who are in trouble or suffering from
acy ailment peculiar to their sex can find
l»D°dUte relief by consulting Dr. White,
the enly graduate physician in San Fran-
cisco who has devoted a lifetime to helping
women: 17 years' experience without a fail-
ure has put him at the head. He guaran-
tees relief or no pay.
PH. WHITE. 702 Market et.. rooms 7 and 8.
DR. G. W. O'DOXXELL — All who are sick or
in trouble consult this Fj>eciallst on female
complaint*: positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped: the most difficult cases treated;
every case tak»n; immediate relief; no poi-
p"nir.gr drugs; loir fees; my methods will cure
all cases of irregularity; by consulting me
favc tirr.p and money; advice free. Office,
lOlii Market st.
LADIKS — Possibly I'm not the cheapest nor
>et the oldcitt FpecJalist here, but I AM a
RELIABLE graduate physician. When in
trouble confide in me. Irregularities relieved;
the unfoiTunate helped; I promise best at-
tecticn and no danger; -I guarantee prompt
~iesuM* pr ii j charge. . Room 1. Kst. 11 years.
PH. E. G. WEST, office 305 Kearny st.
DRS. GOODWIN ' has returned from Europe;
tstab. 1SS4 in S. F. ; 2tt years' experience;
female complaints only; Drs. Gcodwin is well
kr.own to enjoy the Implicit confidence of
ladies Buffering from Irregularities or other
conditions; relief assured or no charge; avoid
delay; fee low; hours 2 to 4 and 6:Sft to 8:S0
p. m. W0 Market St., second floor, room 37..
LADIES suffering from irregularities, sick or
in trouble, consult Dr. Sylvester, 219 Kearny
Bt.:r»!;cf guaranteed; no drugs.no operations.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
msle troubles and irregularities; Instant re-
lief gucracteed. 10GS% Market St.. opp. 5th.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all remale
complaints and Irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed: "0 years' experience. 944 Post st.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, ladles specialist, removed
from lll«i Market to K8 Mission St.. near
Fourth; home :n confinement; 25 years' ex-
perience; best medical attention; low fees.
TALBOT BARNARD. Australian Nerve Spec-
ialist, has arrived; limited number patients
treated hem?; consultation free. 3221 21at st
MRS. DR. GWTER. 511A Leavenworth St., be-
tween Geary and O'Farrell. Tel. East 697.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
orislnal method of treatment. 1128 Market.
LADIES — Kum round: rafe, sure, never falls;
$2. GleaxcD-Ruggies Drug Co.. Kearny & Clay.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2995 FolBom St.. corner
26th: ladles. rMlef cr ro fee; HO.
MISCELLANEOUS — TOS SALE.
AN easy way to give Chrlrtma* present* with-
out straining your purse: Select anything
from our large stock of diamonds, watches,
jewelry, cut-glass ellverware. gold and silver
umbrellas, etc. ; deliver you the goods on first
payment; the balance in email installments;
no charge for engraving; call in and exam-
ine our good*. UNITED LOAN AND TRUST
CO . 21 Stockton st., near Market- Phone
Bush 484^ _^_
~~ DOF.S TOUR KOOF LEAKT
Have you a leaky tin. ehlngle, felt or Iron
roof? Cover it with Mastic Roofing. It Is best
for old and new roofs, and for valleys, gutters,
dtcks. balconies, etc. Mastic Roof Paint and
Roofing Cement will stop cmzll leaks. Write
us about it. Elater:te Roofing Co.. 713 Market.
2D-HAND machinery, engine, boilers, pumps,
polleys. shafting, etc.. etc., bought. Bold,
renteo. and exchax.g^d; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHT. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
BOILERS engines. 24-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
REPUTABLE place to rent gents' full dress.
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits. «J. COOPER.
21 Stockton *t. (formerly at Palace Hotel.)
A — BUTE, seils or rents gear machinery. - en-
gines, hollers, water pipe, gha'tlng. pulleys,
ttc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
TRT our men's shoes at (1 and (1 50 pair;
j foot-form shoes ■ at $2 SO; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St., Exam, bid.: catalog fre<>
1 DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DERUMER'S, 137 Mont-
gomery et.. room 12. upstairs.
AN *■!« jrnnt «>eals»kln. good as new, only. $70.
UNITED LOAN AND TRUST CO.. 21 Stock-
ton «t . «econd floor.
SHELVING, etc.. for sale; sacrifice: half of
store for rent; »ee it at 1478 Market st.
Apply 16 Chronicle building. 3:30 p. m.
LARGE white Polar bear skin, mounted; -will
*ell at nacrifice. Call at fur' store, 11 City
i Hall square^
BI.'GOY and phaeton for aale cheap. Call 1699
Turk st. •
SWELL white fox stole; very handsome; worth
*C0; accept $12 50. Call 10C6 Halght »t.
' ALL kinds of talking machines and records at
j LEVY'S. 415 Kearny st.; exchanges made.
I BIG bargain* in unredeemed diamond pledges
at W. J. -HESTHAL'g. 10 Sixth tt.
HIGHEST cash price paid for diamonds at
PAUL V. QARIN'6. 114 Sutter st. !
_ — _ ,
TOWnyS furniture polish removes spots asd
t tains; fre« delivery. 370 Fell st.
GAS engines, centrifugal pumps; highest grade;
lowest prices. Price Pump Co.. 122 Market st.
SAFES and cash • registers ; new and aecenj-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1323 Market St.. . -■-;..
2D-HAND bl&s- material: lumber, door, sash,
plumb, material. The Dolan Co.. 1007 Market.
DESKS bcugbt. i sold . and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 807 Mission »L; tel. South 811.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard tc Breck. 131 Post st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery; at. .
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches:
all sixes. J. E. DOAK. 4g Fremont st. : •
ROOMS papered, |4 up; tinting, painting.
Hartmano Pmint Co *»« Thin*,- »~i . v a i*'i«
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 16. 1904.
[Free tandiesa Christmas
I FREE TO SMALL AD PATRONS OF
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
.-. .-. YOUR. CHOICE OF ONE BOX OF .-. .\
g~aaa« ■f'iuc5Mw»«s—s^s»js^s«jfcwg? %y -kji i^i[^sW^y#iv -V-^^ y^^* 3^?^ r* >>^TTli^ysW^J K£S&3*"jfc*±^^s2iWJ*
.-. .'. .-. OR THE .-. .-. .-.
Ramona Dominoes
I On in ruin f*9.T.rlf/>c are a home production, made in Call- 1
I = _____________^___ forma, by an ENTIRELY NEW |
* PROCESS, and represent high art in candy making. Special 1
I" attention is given to the selection of ingredients that makeup I
these candies, and the factory at Berkeley is a model of immac- |
ulate cleanliness. • |
Ramona Chocolate Chips are strictl . y pure an 1 whole " I
.• ~ some, always crisp — a . |
dainty, delicious morsel; ; . ' I
In Ramona Dominoes r ar " ° fferi . ng ad v erti f rs a
nnv oi the cleanest and most |
appetizing candy on the market. . |
"They taste like more." |
Ramona Candies are on sale everywhere. |
| Free to any person presenting a Small Ad 1
I Thursday, Friday or Saturday j
| FOR I
| NO WANT ADS FOR SUNDAY ISSUE, DEC. 18, RECEIVED AFTER 9 P. M. SATURDAY. I
1 Call Business Office, Third and Market Sts. J
! Oakland Office - - 1016 Broadway i
MISCELLAireOUS jyANTS.
AAAAAA— BUYS any amount good 2d-hand
clothing: special price for fancy ladies' and
men's clothing. 922 Folsom; tel. Folsom ",U22.
A.AAAA — Highest prices for ladies', gents' cast-
cfT clothing. Tel. Davis S25._«50 Sacramento st.
INVENTORS desirous of selling or borrowing
money on their patents, call at United Loan
and Trust Co., 21 Stockton St., 2d floor; phone
Bush 4S4.
— —
DIAMONDS and precious stones bought for
cash. KARL EBERT& CO.. r. 405. Adams
bldg.. 206 Kearny st/; phone Black 3030.
Levy & Redler. highest price for Bents' cast-off
clothing, shoes: tel. Red 1544. 615 Washington
anrsiCAi, instruments.
A^NuliBER~oiF"BARGAiNS^lN'TjPR7GiHTS?
' A small upright, a snap $93
Stodart, mahogany .case, fine condition. .$135
Grovesteen & Fuller, full size concert.. $145
Fischer, thoroughly repaired $ieo
Also a Chickering. Vose, Steinway, Weber,
Mason & Hamlin, Sterling and many others.
Easy payments. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON.
16 O'Farrell st.
A GREAT opportunity — We are closing out
our ertire Seattle stock In S. F. at prices
sever heard of before: all makes; your
term* are our terms; rents $2 up; allowed If
purchased. HEINE PIANO CO., 235-237
Geary st.. S. F. ; Oakland, 1252 Broadway.
A TREMENDOUS sacrifice— Car fine new
pianos In. storage: slightly damaged by K.
R. wreck; less than $100; pianos guaranteed;
open eves. Whitehead's Storage, 1C36 Market.
PARTY must sell large Stelnway upright; cost
$700; price $285: will accept payments; no
reasonable cash offer refused. 237 Geary st.
BEAUTIFUL new upright pianos for rent. $3
per month; one year's rental allowed If pur-
chased. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 660 Hayes st
ALMOST . given away — Storage pianos, furni-
ture, dirt cheap to pay storage. Whitehead's
Storage. 1C36 Market St.; open evenings.
$35— EASTERN piano, ccst $400. for aale on $5
Installments. 1309 Gough St., near Geary.
OPEN evenings until Christmas. Byron Mauzy
Piano Wareroome, 308-312 Post st.
A SMALL Eteinway upright; coat $500; $183
takes it. 237 Geary st. ■ ■ . .
FISCHER upright; ccst $350; will sell for $96.
237 Geary st.
FOR honest and fair dealing, Hornung Piano
House. 216 McAllister St.
ELEGANT uprights.new & 2d-hand,$45 to $500.
Pierce's Piano Factory, , Market and 14th sts.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos, Cecellan piano
player. BYRON MALT.Y. 308-312 Post rt.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
rr..-t. COHUIT7. JU f!Ck. . IB \In A IlUler 'fit. "•
MUSICAL INSTRXnwEHTS— Continued.
3-PEDAL Stflnway up; Chlckerlng baby grand;
Shonlnger. little uaed. Keeffe's. 285 O'FarreU.
MONEY TO LOAN.
AAAAA — A CONFIDENTIAL and reputable
place to borrow money on the following:
Salaries. -
Life insurance policies.
Chattel mortgages.
Undivided Interests. •',";-
Goods in bond.
Le-acles.
Second and third mortgages.
Estates in probate.
Life estates. •■"" • .;
Rents.
Siieclal department for loans to ladles on
■ their notes.
Private oftices for ladles and gentlemen.
UNITED LOAN AND TRLST CO.,
21 Stockton rt., near Market. .
2d floor. Phone Bush 484.
AAAA — THE Portland Jewelry Co. will make
vou very liberal loans on your diamonds,
sealskin or any valuables at the low rate of
two. (2) per cent per month; if you do not
with to call, phone us (phone liuM\ 434) and
the manager of our loan department will call
on you; all business strictly confidential.
25 STOCKTON ST.. NEAR MARKET.
Private oftices at 21 Stockton St., 2d floor.
N. B. — The only loan offlce west of New
. York that has a fir* and burglar proof vault
on tho premises; free use of same to all cus-
tomers.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY, ~ T "~*
. 601-602-003 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Rave expenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. - Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money,
See HERMAN MURPHY.
~~ WILL LOAN - ■••- .
A ' reasonable ; amount on
1st, 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate.
Is city, town or country. .
Low rate of Interest.
Give full particulars
of i property,
Location, etc
Boat 223. Call office.
SALARY LOANS— = ~~ ~~~~- ~"
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call • and ' get terms. Drake. 453 Parrott bid.
HIGHLY resActable private s place to obtain
- liberal' advsKces on diamonds. ■ Jewelry, at 2
. Der cent Interest. "Baldwin Jewelry Store*
'■': 978 Market: tel. ■ Main 1644. Branch 1192
' Market "* pd 2? Third. ■■-':;• • : : ■».•>,-.-
LOANS on v personal notes,' salaries, furniture,
■ second. mortgages,; etc. ; easiest terms In city.
"United Service Credit Co.'.- 8 -Taylor st. r 1
» s MONEY TO EOAK—Oon tinned.
—MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (Inc.)—
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
....INTEREST 5% AND « PER CENT
CITY. OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRY
PROPERTY
Second mortgages. life Insurance policies, es-
tates in probate, undivided Interests In prop-
erty, probate realty loans, stocks and bonds
legacies and undivided Interests in property
purchased.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
Suite 107-10S Crocker bldg.; phone Main 3924.
A — ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates: no
removal; no publicity; also on reaK estate;
1st or 2d mortgages or on any security; any
amount O. W. BECKER. 36 Geary, room Six
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business In 44
principal cities. TOLMAN. C53 Parrott bldg.
PRIVATE — Money loaned on salaries witnout
security;, diamonds or chattels; no fee; no
com.; cut rate.' Cal. Loan Co.. 523 Parrott bid.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos: no removal;.
i no commission: no publicity; $25 up; quick.
private, confidential. 26 Montgomery, rrn. 21.
MONEY to lean at low interest; gold, silver.
diamonds, pearls • and precious stones bought
. at W. J. HKSTHAL'S, 10 Sixth St.
TO salaried people without security. The White
Co., 420 California st.. rooms 14 and 15.
PRIVATE party ■ will loan money on salaries
without security.' Room 75, 016 Market st
SALARIED people on note. S. F. DISCOUNT
AGENCY. 125-127 Phelan bldg. Private,
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches, jewelry;
confd Diamond Parlor Jewelry Co., 722 Mkt.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
us. Hut ten Creait Co., 912 Mutual Bank bldg.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311. Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds ft jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 53S Keamy.
8% ON furniture tc pianos; $15 up; no removal;
. no com. V. TREMAIN. : room 81. 6 Eddy st.
CASH loaned salaried people on not«s without
. lndoner. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Markst st, opposite
Fifth. ... Open until 11 p.' m.' ' ■■■ •
JPTTBCSASUrGr AGEVCXXS.
CLARA E. JEWETT. purchasing agent: coun-
- try orders a specialty; correspondence' sollcit-
• ed. 305 Larkin at., room 49; tel. South 31d."
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F.; P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. 0 Hobart bldg,. 532 Market st
'•\iti PEBSONAXS.
A A— WHY look old?
Fifteen day rate will now be given by MME.
GILLINGHAM: a lady 72 years of age with
wrinklei and puffiness removed from one side
of the face can be seen dally: writs for book-
let. 143 Stockton rt.. cor. Geary.
SPECIAL BETWEEN SEASON LOW RATES
this week for facial beautifying; a face with-
out a wrinkle with the contour and fresh
color of ' youth may be had through my
scientific treatment: consultation and book-
. let free. M. ELLA HARRIS. 128 Geary st.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth, stops falling, cures dandru3
and Itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp;at druggists', hairdressers' ; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 1338 Folk
" •REXRADIO' Instantly stopped my FITS; 1
had up to THIRTEEN daily." (Name at of-
» flees). -Hundreds of wonderful testimonials.
Hours 2 to 7. 1 Fourth st. (cor. Market).
MRS. LEGO, the noted mental scientist, has
opened of flees at 2214 Howard rt. ; all dis-
eases positively cured without medicine; to-
bacco & liquor, habits specialty ; consult fre».
NOTICE — Any one desiring to" becrme master I
of their own destiny and become nn Initiate
In the Cabala for information. The Philo-
sophical Pub.- Co.. 1429 Market st.
OXYGEN massage cures weakness and nervous
trouble*. Offlce. 820 Starr King bldg.. 121
Geary at MRS. HOLSHOUSER. magneUo i
specialist; ladles and gentlemen.
AUBREY FITCH: Write me; my present ad-
dress Salt Lake City; important news from
London. WALTER.
CANCERS, floating kidney, rectal, spinal dls- j
eases cured painlessly. MRS. ADA. 1024 Mis- I
slon rt. ■ I
ASTHMA and rheumatism cured free. Th«
Blue Cross Medical Aid SDectallsts. 1035 Mkt.
FANCY and silk dressea carefully washed.
. JAPANESE FAVORITES LAUNDRY, estah.
1*99. 2122 Fi'lmcre St.: phone Geary 2053.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. Londoa
Tailor. 721 Market st.
YOU can buy $75 worth of furnltur* for $7 SO
down and $1 B0 per wesk. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. S40 Post st.. near Powell.
ELECTRIC light baths; hot and cold tub
baths. 467 Geary st.
FACE massage and electric treatments, newly
opened parlors. 104 Kearny st.. 2d floor.r. 2.
SUITS to order on Installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAU3 CO.. the tailors. 729 Market st.
EASY installments for Men and Youths. Suits
to order. Co-operative Tailoring. 1117 Mkt.
$1 a week: suits to order $15 up. LEMO3. 1137
Market St.. bet. Seventh and Eighth. '
ONE dollar weekly keeps you m fine clothing.
Art Tailoring. 1«U Mkt.. under St. Nicholas.
Superfluous haJr removed; electric needle. Mrs.
Eaton.369 Sutter. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary.r.M
TAILOR-MADB suit $7 50; dre#s pants $2 30.
Misfit Clothing Parlor. cor. Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to lta natural color.$l at all druggists*.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 100S Market st. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Offlce and residence '
1021 H Market St., bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL, 1073% Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason st.. now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st.. near > Leavenworth.
WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor — All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-3 Clay st.
CATARRH, DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
. positively cured; new methods; one week's
treatment free. Dr. Cottingham. 204 Sutter.
BSAXi ESTATE — CITY — FOB SAX.2.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS, ~ ~~~
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
ELEVENTH ST. CORNER.
120 FEET OF FRONTAGE. _ "
PAYS 7 PER CENT; COULD BE MADE TO
PAY 9 PER CENT.
PRICE. $20.000.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS, *
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
$3.'C0.
:••-*'■ RENTS $43.
,2 2-STORY HOUSES ON 30-FT. LOT.
CLOSE TO MARKET AND TWELFTH.
A GOOD BUY.
O'FARRELL ST.
CLOSE IN.
SC6.CC0.
Good frontage and extra large depth back to
rear street.
Over 42C0 square feet on ground floor.
THOMAS MAGEE ft SONS.
9 Montgomery st.
EXTRA large lots.
Lowest prices la the city.
If you want a good large lot at a moderate
trice look at those we are offering In the
Jordan tract (near California st. and 1st ave.).
* Prices $1650, 1J170O. $1800, $1S5O.
No lots less than 30 feet tront; nearly all
lots 33:4x120.
Streets SO feet wide, graded, sewered and
macadamized: water and gas on the tract.
Terms — One-fifth cash, balance In one, two,
three and four years.
Building restrictions prohibiting the erection
of any building for other than residence, pur-
poses. Including not more than 2 flats to a lot,
are enforced. No stores, etc. These restric-
tions and the large lots, together with the low
prices, make it safe for you to buy and build.
Lots adjoining this property are selling for
much more money. Where can you buy for $55
a front foot land as desirable or as apt to Im-
prove as this? Excellent car facilities^ — Eddy,
Sacramento, Sutter and Geary st. lines. Send
for diagram with prices.
LYON & HOAG,
118 Montgomery st.
W. J. GUNN.
530 CALIFORNIA ST.
(Savings Unicn bldg.)
Two cheap lots, 27:6x110. on the sunny side
of Union; good frontace and depth: pretty
marine view; they must be sold: any off;r
will be submitted; the price we ask Is $17CU
each; within 150 fe«t lots are held at $3000
on account of the marine view and choice lo-
cation: fiats bring big rents and there are none
vacant; this is a splendid buy for income.
Another fine buy — 2 choice lots, east side' 11th
ave., near Point Lobos ave., 50x120; graded;
street graded, macadamized and sewered; only
$1900 for both; certificate of California Title
Insurance Co. goes with the lots.
W. J. GUNN.
530 CALIFORNIA 8T.
ONLY A FEW LEFT.
$1 25 PER WEEK.
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
$200 for choice lots. Excelsior Homestead
Tract; level as a billiard table; on grade;
close to fine school and Mlsslon-st. electric
cars: bound to double in value.
$400 each, on Installments of $10 per month;
no taxes; fine lots, near Ocean boulevard;
. best residence location south of Golden Gats
Park; there are the cheapest lots in this dis-
trict; advancing In price rapidly.
W. J. WHITE.
2« Montgomery st. r. S. Phcn* Main 3704.
i $10,500. INCLUDING bltumlnlzlng of etwet;
terms to suit: 3 swell flats not yet com-
pleted; rents $1080 per annum; every known
possible latest Improvement: 16 minutes from
City Hall: Beventh-ave. boulevard, near Ful-
ton St.; close to . the park; all-night car
service. Call- from 1 to 4, Seventh ave.. nr.
Fultonst .■ .
$2850— A THOROUGHLY modern 5-room cot-
tage; everything complete and on sunny side
of street: reasonable terms; 4234 Twenty-
second St.. nr. Douglass. Owner on premisfs.
I STANDARD portable shower baths sold by
I Ahlbach & Mayer, plumbers. 83U Howard st.
SEAT. ESTATE— COUNTRY— -Tor Sal*.
$5000—80 ACRES of land, all under cultiva-
tion, with Improvements, In orchard section
. of Sutter County: only three miles frcm
county seat and on line of new Irrigation
ditch.
A snap if taken soon, but will not keep.
M. J. NEWKOM.
406 Second st. Marysville, Cal.
ATTENTION. HOMESEEKERS! ~
Send postal for catalcgue of the best Ian;
bargains in California. C. M. WOOSTEB CO..
645 Market st.
CONTRA Costa County^Real estate for sale.
' Send for list D. J. WEST. Martinez. Cal.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly CalU
16 Dages. In wrapper, for mailing. 11 oer y»»r
TO ADVERTISERS.
Owing to the large
amount of work incident to
the issue of THE CALL
HOLIDAY EDITION,
SUNDAY, DEC. 18, NO
DISPLAY ADVERTIS-
ING copy will be accepted
for' that edition after 5
P. M. Saturday, and NO
CLASSIFIED Ads after 9
P. M.
GET YOUR COPY IN
EARLY.
SA1T MATIO SEAL ESTATE.
LOXTITA PARK.
As an Investment or for a home site, a 50-
foot lot In Lomlta Park offer* exceptional ad-
vantage*. Only 43 minutes from th« city on
the San Mateo el-ctrlc line- outside the tog
b-lt : -.v»ll located and drained; artesian water:
streets graded ; water and sewer ptp«s laid.
Terms — A first payment of from |10 up and
balance at $10 per month. Easily within th«
reach of all. First placed on the market Aug-
ust 1 and over half now sold. Must b* seen
to be appreciated. Go down and investiirats or
■write to-day — to-morrow may be too lat» to
secure a choice.
8ELBT. RODGERS A CO..
Matn 673. 119 California tt.
Also at LOMITA PARK.
OAKLAND ADVEBT'S'MTS
OFFICE. 1016 BROADWAY.
OAKIiAHP BEAIi ZSTATB.
$7C0O — HANDSOME new 8-room hons«: fnrn-
ac«: Lakeside district, near business center:
must sell. LATMANCE REAL ESTATH
CO.. 460-Htt Eighth St., Oakland. •
A SNAP- Choice lot. 110x123. SW. cor. 21st
and Myrtle sts. ; will be sold as a who!* or
in subdivisions: sold to «ettle an estate. 1433
Myrtle ft.. Oalcland. ■
OAXLASD 7U&AITUKE 70S 8AX2.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furai-
ture. H. Schelhaas. 11th St.. oor. store, Oakland
San Francisco Advertisem't'3
£? BOOMS JPOB^HOtrsrSCTCTO.
BRYANT. 421 — Two sunny rooms nicely fur-
nished for housekeeping : «"«-
CASTRO, 429, rear — 2 unfurnished houseke*?-
ing rooms; large yard; water free: JO.
EDDT. 743 — 2 furnished 'rooms; parlor floor;
regular kitchen; fas range; sunny; yard.
FOURTH. 491 — Two furnished room* for
housekeeping: ((as stove); no children.
FIFTH. 853 — S furnished housekeeping rooms;
also 2 housekeeping, $12.
FELL. 222 — 2 housekeeping rooms; also stngl*
room.
GEART. 1225— Fine, furnished rooms la fln»
location; sunny, with marina Ylaw; all con-
veniences; very reasonable.
•GOLDEN GATE ave.. 631— Xlca rooms for
housekeeping; all conveniences.
HAYE3, 332 — Two light, nice rooms complete*
for housekeeping, with private bath.
HOWARD, 719 Xj — Housekeeping; S larg* sonny
rooms, suitable for 3 or 4 adults; respectable;
no transient.
HOWARD, 1SSS — Housekeeping room* witb
gas range, bath and phone; also single room.
HOWARD. 829 — Housekeeping rooms.
JACKSON. »64— Furnished sunny largs front
housekeeping rooms, $7 to $9.
JESSIE, 32." — 2 largs sunny rooms; gas range;
grate, yard; $4 week; others.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine— '■
Sunny furnished 3-room suites; steam heated,
electric lighted; free baths; rates reasonable.
LA GUN A. 1307. ccr. Geary — Newly furnished.
. sunny rooms; n«w fiat; private family; reas.
OAK. 117 — Rooms, complete, housekeeping; S3
to $12; gas range; hot bath; adults.
OAK. 407 — $4 month; furnished, sunny, large:
call after 5 p. m.
EHOTWELL. 224. near Sixteenth — Four fur-
-nlshed housekeeping rooms, parlor floor.
THIRD, 308- (The Alta) — New management:
strictly respectable; hkpg. rms. reas. ; others.
TURK. 123 — Clean, sunny, furnished rooms,
with or without board; $3 up; housekeeping.
TURK. 816 — Lower floor of three rooms, fur-
nished for housekeeping; single room for
gentleman; private.
WALLER." 6S6 — 2 or 8 warm, upper, sunny,
fur. or nfifur. rooms: bath; adults; cheap.
EOOMS TO LET — Turn, and TJafara.
ATKINS, cor. Third «t. and Park lane— Ne-»
brick building; all sunny rooms; hot and cold
water; electric llghtx; only flrst-class houss
in locality; rooms $1 50 week and up.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth st. — Room*
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week an I
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," K73 Market st. (or No. 1
Firth st.)— Rooms, 25c. 50c. $1. $1 30 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; hous« open all night.
BELMOND House: over Owl dnur store: 2 en-
trances. 1126 Market and 21 Turk — ElectrlT
lights; runniner water in every room; 2<»
.rooms; 25c to 50c per night; $1 23 to $3 week.
BRTANT. BIS — I unfurnished sunny eleaa
rccms; porch; yard; rent $9.
EDDT, 773 — Nicely furnished front room for
one or two; grate, bath; hot and cold water:
private family.
EDDT. -K04 — Nice single room; also house-
keeping rooms to let.
EIGHTH, " 10H— Neatly furnished bay,wlndo^
front room.
GOfcDEX GATE. 527 — Nice, sunny room; run-
ning water and closet.
GRAND Southern 7th and Mission — Rooms 3Sa
to $1 25 nlsht; $1 5O to $B wk. ; reading-room.
GROVE. 1353 — Large sunny well furnished
room: running water; one or two gentlemen;
reasonable.
HOWARD. 715 — Furnished rooms, *tng!« or
double: centra! location.
HYDE. 500 — Pleasant furnished rooms; central
.location; reasonable.
KEARNY. 41* — Fine sunny front rooms fur
$2 50 per .week; flrst-class.
' LARKIN*. 8104— Nice large hous-ke-plr?
room; gas stove and bath; $12 per month.
LEAVENWORTH, 212^ — Large sunny parlor,
suitable for 1 or 2 men; nrivate.
MASON. 1527 — Furnished rooms; private: with
or -without or' without bath; references.
I MARKET, 1043 <The FalmouthV— Sunny rooms;
$2 SO to $7 week; baths: elevator: also hkpg.
MARKET 1104 — Sunny furnished front rooms
l to let. t •
Mt; TROPOLITAN Hotel. 129 Third st. — 1';0
rtnjxle and family rooms 35c to $1 5O per day.
$2 to $* per week ; the only new and modem
hotel and rooming- house in San Frandv->
I that has oftW on ground floor, hot and coil
I water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
• In every room and giv»s fre* baths and eU-
! vat or service day and night to Its guests.
__ ~~ ~*
MISSION, 2763— Furnished room for rent.
PA G E. 20— Neat room: private family: $«.
POLK. 107 — A sunify hallroom.
I ROOM3~FOR RENT. "
; The Pacific Coast Room Renting Agency ha*
i opened offices at 289 Postst. If you want •
room, suite of rooms or flat call and see us.
We can furnish you furnished or unfurnished
rooms and save you time, trouble and money.
Full dscrlption, prices, etc.. phone John 6541.
ROYAL HOUSE. 128 ET.tis— Incandescent lights;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms per night. XV to $1 50; week- $2
to $3; month. $S to $3O; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; bath*.
ROOMMATE wanted by gentleman having
room In office building with folding bed.
desk, running water: $S mo. Box 2573. Call.
SECOND, 421 — Two neat sunny rooms: r»-
sp«ctabl« private family; rent $4 and $7.
:'• Continued on Pare Fmuteen-
1314
ROOZX5 TO ZJ1T — Pura. end Uafura.^
rnr. st. katiiryn coBxnh elt.tp and
LBAVBXWD8TH FT-".— POSITIVELY THE
PUNXIEST ROOMS IN THE CITY: N£\\
PAMTARY HAIR MATTRESSES BATHS.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS TELEPHONE .«ERV ;
!«-E HOT AND COI.D WATER; BVJLKT
MODERN OONVEXUEXCE: ELEVATOR
ALL HOURS: ROOM.S FROM ?3 WEEK.
UNHXD STATES, 123 Ed.ly. nr. Market — 100
room* :'£c to $1 night* *l 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric light* (no ga.«), rvjnr.ing wster in every
room: ejevatcr.read.-toom; free bus; baggage.
VJ> N NESS ave., 1<KJS — G<v>d rooms to let; en-
lire house newly renovated.
(TEBSTKR. ITU* rtrmWirn' r(fom for young
rr:£n: private family.
mXCHESTER Hotel *.* 34 st4 nr. Market—
Mom conv-niTt ar.d trspertab'e: 70<> rooms:
::'r tr> $1 SO nfCftUjr; 5- t<J S:S week; elevator;
elec. light*; r«aiir.»r-TOom; frr-e bus: baggage.
AIA'IvnTJSfCMnXTS, R'jb««CTij>iSons received at
Cj!1 branch off.ee. cor. Duncan and Church.
rtCOES AND BOAHJ).
HOTEL L'AIGLON. Kl Geary St.— Larr»
»unny rex ins, beard: suites, with board for 2.
W ii.o.: *;ncle. with beard. $25 up; special
tiexAif rales] just renovated.
ELLIS 4T.3— Sr>!endl<3 sirgle room*, with b*st
of Frtnch table board: reasonable. I
GOLDEX GATE. 160 — The Marchioness —
Roo:ns to let. with bean!.
CALIFORNIA. S07 — Best rcorns, table and ser-
vice in the city for the least money.
ELLIS. 453 — Fine furnished rooms in good lo-
cation; fine. French table board; reasonable.
LARGE, beautifsl. sur.ny double rooms, with
board; rras.; run. water. 306 Leavenworth.
NEWLY furril^hed rooms, all sunny; hot and
cold water; board If desired. 1155 Octavla.
TI'RK. 11M1— Plrasant rooms, new flat; table
roard for srer.tlemen.
BOOSES A.1TP BOASD WAITTXP.
WANTED — By 2 younsr men. a room with
Finsie beds In private farhlly: must be cheap
-:. " in <ulet place. Pleafe address box 2591,
Ca!l office.
SZWXKCt MACHINES A2TO SUPPLIES.
IF you buy a White for a Christmas gift you
tr.ake Do rr.irtake; you not only get the best
•■"wing machine on earth, but also a beauti-
ful ar.d uteful Christmas present. White
Co.'s office. »15 Market st.
ALL rr.nkt-r: 2d hanrt. $2. $5. $7. $9; new,J4. |S;
crop head*. !• drawer, po'.den oak. |15; rented,
repaired: jow»Ft rates. National Automatic
B. M. Co . 145 Sixth St.; tei. Jessie 3796.
IXiMESTIC— The machine for family use; best
Is checpest; Fecnnd-hand all makes at any
price: nil kinds* rented lowest rate*. Domes- ,
tic office. 1021 Market et., near Sixth.
ALL kind!" serrnd-hand $3. $5, J8; slightly
used $10. S 15. $20; you know where the dolls
swing in the wlrdow. 1051 Market st.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
t'-ed. CHAS. PLAMBECK. 1»15 Mission st.
STOEAG3 AJTC VTAnEEOUSES.
A-EMPORIVM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
7:n Howard «.. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
CAPITAL Van ana .Storage Co.. 3 Eddy St.;
phone Mint CfMl; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
nnncK-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
fice- Po»t and Powell sts. ; tel. Prl. Ex. 67L
PACIFIC Ftorsire and Furniture Moving Ccm-
j*ny. 2;:2<> Fillrr.cre St.; phone Jackson 2S1.
3i:KlNS \>.n am*. Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
H. ; tcl. Main 1K40. Shlprlng at cut rates.
STOP BSX2TXXBX}.
OT'ARANTEED cure; send ROc! tablet form. !
mailed in plain package: has cured - thou- !
eartfs. L. L. C. CO.. 417 Hay ward bldg.. S.F. j
STA2Z.ES TO LET. i
LARGE barn Ctrl stable to let. including thrse !
lots: Alabama and 2'-th. Inquire 2709 Folsora. j
TTPE"57BITERS AOT SUPPLIES. j
AX exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1 !
emlth Prerrier. f2Ti: other typewriters at j
liisher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The |
TvpenTlter Exchange. 536 California st. j
2D-HAND typewriter* sold, rented, repaired.
Webster T> rewriting Inspec. Co.. 508 Market.
SJXVrDElTD NOTICES.
THE Claremor.t Oil Company's regular month-
ly dividend. No. 7. payable January 1, iaO5. I
amounting to $4500. equal to lc per. share on I
its issued capital stock, will be paid on De- |
cember i2. 1904. at company's office, room j
731. MIHs building. San Francisco. <This is I
not an extra dividend.) Transfer books close
Saturday Dwember 17, 1904, at 1 p. m.
GEO. J. REMINGTON. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
DEPARTMENT~OF THE INTERIOR. United
States Geological Survey, Reclamation Ser-
vice. Washington.D. C. November 22, 1904 — I
Sealed txupo»a!« will be received at the of- I
fice of the United States Reclamation S«r- :
vice. Phoenix. Arizona, until 9 o'clock a.
tn.. January i. 1$K.'5. lor the delivery of 50.000
barrels, more or lees, of vfuel oil at Mesa or I
Roosevelt. Arizona, and for the hauling of ;
miscellaneous ireight. Specifications and
forma of prorwal may be obtained from
Louis C. Hill. Engineer, United States Geo-
logical Survey, Phoenix, Arlrona, or from
the Chief Engineer. United States Geological
Survey. Washington. D. G/ Each bid must
L« accompanied by a certified cbeck for $1000.
payable to the order of the Secretary of the
Interior, as a guaranty that the bidder will,
if successful, promptly execute a satisfactory
(contract and furr.iFh bond in the sum of
$20.C(i0 fcr the delivery of the oil and the
hauling. The right is reserved to reject any
and fill bids, to accept one part and reject
the other, and to waive technical defects,
as the interests of the service may require.
Bidders t re invited to be present. Proposals
must be marked. "Proposals for the Delivery
of Oil for th» Salt River Project, Arizona."
THOS. RYAN. Acting Secretary.
F'TiOFOSALS for Subsistence Supplies. — Office
I Purchasing Commissary. San Francisco. Cal..
I>tcember 15. lt»04. — Sealed proposals for
furnishing and delivering of such quantities
of subsistence supplies, delivered at such
wharf or wharves or such warehouses in San
Francisco. Cal.. as per circular to be seen at
thi* office, wll! b» received here until II
o'clock a. m.. Tuesday. December 27, 1904,
and opened Immediately thereafter, in pres-
ence of bidders. Sv*eclfloations. general In-
structions to bidders and blank forms of prot-
r«"*al» will be furnished to established deal-
ers on application to C. R. KRAUTHOFF.
MaJ. Corny.
■C.000 MUNICIPAL, water works bonds, town
cf Wneatlsnd for sale, untaxsble, bearing 5
p«r cent interest; rerial 40 years; bids will
be received up to Monday. Dec. 5, 1804. cer-
tified check of 10 per cent to accompany bid
For information address R. N. MURFHT.
T»wn Clerk. TVheatland. Cal.
STtTTTEBIKO A2JD STAMMEBXHO. ~
expansion of melbourne~¥choolsII
Downtown. 521 Franklin, near McAllister. 3
to 12 Open-a'.r school, 810 Diamond St.; tel.
Capp S173: 1 to S p. m. Details at either.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses were issued yesterday aa
follows:
Gecrge A. Waterbury. 21. Berkeley and
M.-.ir K. Crump. 21. 531 Castro rtrect.
Eiina F. C Nefcmann, 21. Marysvllle. and
Earsli I. Rowland. 18. Flint, Mich.
Gecrge W. \V. Roche. 21. 330 Hayes street.
ar^i Genefleve Faircrieve, 1R N 2751 Bryant et.
Jnlm Morgan. 32. 104 Fourth street, and
Errah McMullen. 20. 211C Vallejo 'street
CKfford L. Oldham. 25. 11S»4 Ellis street, and
Palfy Hamrscn, X>. 118>/i Ellis street.
John t-'wlft. 42. 321 Fulton street, and Mar-
taret Kennedy. 41. 321 Fulton street.
Henry J. Collins. 23. r.24 Eddy street, and
Mary A. Tuite. IS. 1055 Howard street.
Samuel S. Burckts, CO. 2708 Mission street.
art-1 Mary B. Grant. CO. 2709 Mlmlon street.
Barnabas W. Baker Jr.. 31. Portsmouth. Va.
tr.d Paula 1). Knoll. 24. 227 'i Eighth street.
Arturo Elian. 26. 32 Broadway, and Coloma
Carreta. IS. <l Gram place.
Ncrl Fanbrinl. Z.I. San Pedro, and Madalena
Lcrci. 21. etty.
David M. Barnwell. 2). Frrsno, and Ada-
Slde fcchmldi. 25. f>C4 Geary utreet.
•'harles T. Warren. 31, 2S33 Lombard street,
and Minnie Tarlor. ,2». 17 Third etreet-
Augustlr.e I'ene. 33, Oakland, and Maria
G Sjr.ith. 21. Portland. Ore.
Ktefano Anc»linetta 30, 11 Jassen street.
£.:•.«! Glo^p^lna Ker^ro, 24. Stm Ani^lmo.
Joa« J. <Je Avrllar. 22. Ca Jackson street.
and M&rzarida E. Alves. JO. 425^i Davis st.
Jchn Murhelt. 37. New York, and Emma
Kelly. SO. Toledo, Ohio.
Geotge H. Garrett. 23. 872 Mission street,
and Laura V. Anderson. 2ft. Plalnfleld. Wi«.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
l-'irt h. niarriace and . death notices vent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
la at either of the publication offices and be
Irdorted with the name and residence of per-
sons authorised to have the same published.
Notices' restricted simply to the announcement
• pf the «?vent are published once in this column
fr'» of rhar~«.
BOR.V.
McCORMICK^ln this^rlty, December 13.
1804. to the »ife cf Edward McCormlck. a
son
MARRIED.
ELKOD — WEIL— In this city. December l\.
1904. by the Rev. 1. II. Schroeder. John
Klchard Klrod and Lilliafi E. M. II. Well.
KOIJKRTS— SHAEX— December 14. 1904,
George F. Roberts and Edna Shaen, both of
this city. '
TWADDLE- RUSK AY— In this city, in tha
Klrft T.'nlted Prewbyterian Church, December
! 14. 11)04. by the Rev. H. H. Bell, Donald F.
I Twaddle or San Mateo, Cal.. and Elsie
j RuFkny of this city.
' DIED.
Andrade, M. J. Sr.— 77 Miller, rtcialle B.
j Asmussen. Wm. P. — 34 Mocney, John F.
Bannon. PhiliD — 36. Murray. Catherine — 81.
■ Berre. TIiurl«n — 72. Parsons, John W. — 02.
• *ostel!o. John D. — 32. Peiser. Esther — 70.
i Crandall. Henry B— 79 nyden.Frodrick A.— 66
• Farson. Cora J.— 39. ?lattery, Michael — 4C.
I T.ix. John— tS. Fmiley. Susie J.— 215.
I Glrzlkownky, Olga— 52. Smith, James P. — 92.
I Held. i;!)ws S. — 6. Splnk*. Jennie.
J Hudson. Phineas — «8. Taylor. Jennie.
I Kavanagh. Jai. F-— SG Tschech, Louis.
King. Kcv. Michael— 75 Wagner, Ludwig — 63.
Larawchrkamp. Pau- Ward, Dennis J. — 37.
line— 30. Williams. Caroline — 47
Mclntee. Mary — 55.
ANDRADE— In San Leandro. December 15,
1904. M. J. Andrade Sr.. beloved husband of
Clara Andrade. and father of M. J. Andrade
I Jr.. Mrs. Jcj-«ph Lawrence of Oakland and
Mrs. Joseph Sllva of Hayward*. a native of
th/? Azorp?. need 77 years.'
CFriendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Saturday. December 17, at 0:30 a. m.. at
the family home on Dutton avenue. Inter-
meat St. Mary's Cemetery.
XSMUSSEN— In this city, December 14, 1904,
WiUiam P.. beloved husband of Katherlne
J. Acmusscn. and beloved son of W. A. and
Susan Armussen. and brother of Kitty and
George Arcnuseen. Mrs. It. M. Freck. John
Kane and t*e late Gustave and Charles L.
Aemussen. a native of San Francisco, aged
34 years 7 months and 15 days.
ITTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 9:30 a. m.. from hli late resi-
dence. 401 Eichth street, thence to ' St.
Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the reposo
of M» soul, commencing at 10 a. m. Intei-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
Headquarters Rbelnhold Rlchter Camp
No. 2. Department of California. U. S. W.
V. — Comrades arc hereby notified to assem-
ble at 401 Eighth street at 9 a. m. Friday
to attend the funeral of our late comrade,
William P. Aamussen. By order
OTTO F. HUBER. Commander.
RICHARD COLLOPY, Adjutant P. I. I
BAXN'OX- In this city. December 12. 1004,
Phlhp, dearly beloved son of Margaret and
the late Philip Bannon. and loving brother
< of William, John. Patrick and Malachl Ban-
non. Mrs. Auld and Mrs. Clark, a native of
San Francisco, aged 36 years. j
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect- ;
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day |
'Friday), at 8:13 a, m., from- the parlors of
Monahan. O'Hara & Co., 2339-41 Mission
street. near Nineteenth. thence to St. ,
Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the reivsse of his i
i *oul. commencing at 9 a. m. Interment \
| Holy Cross Cemetery.
BERRE— In this city, December 15. 1904. i
Tburlen. dearly beloved husband of Ellsa. ■
Berre. and beloved father of Louis Berre, |
a native of France, ated 72 years. i
(TT'Friendslitind acquaintances are respect- ,
fully Invited* to attend the funeral Sunday. !
December 18. at 1 o'clock, from his late
residence, 140S Mason street, between Broad- ,
way and Paclflc. thenc« to French Church
(Notre Dame des Vlctolres), Bush street, ,
; where services will be said for the repose of
; his soul at 1:30 p. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
I COSTELLO— In this city, December 14, 1004.
John D. Costello. beloved son of Mary Dlas,
and brother of Mrs. Charles H. Rulofson. a
uativ* of Fan Francisco, aged 32 years T
months and 10 days. A member of Spartan j
Lodge, A. O. U. W. .' ;
JC7"FrIends and acquaintances are respect- '
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day j
(Friday), at -S :.'{(< a. m., from the parlors of i
A. W. Martin & Co.. 319 O'Farrell street. |
thence to Ft. Ignatius Church, where mars j
will be celebrated for the rercse of his soul. ;
commencing r.t 9 a. m. Interment Holy |
Cross Cfmet»>ry.
•CRAKDALL— In Arcadia, Ore., December 3. I
19C4. Henry B. Crandall. formerly of Oak- |
land. Cal.. beloved husband of Kate A. ;
Crandall, and father of Mrs. F. W. Metcalf
and Mrs. J. L. Sharp, aged 79 years and ;
10 months.
FARSON*— In this city. December 15. 1904. :
Cora Josephine Farson. beloved wife or j
Charles Farson. and mother of Constance, |
Amy, Winifred, Cora Benlbelle and Loleta |
. F&recn and Mrs. R. F. Halnes, a native of |
Han Francisco, aged 33 years 1 month and
2 days.
i FOX— In this city, December 15. 1904, John, !
husband of the late Catherine Fox, ana ;
father of Mrs. F. A. Christmas and Mrs. A. I
H. Breckwoldt, a native of County .JVest-
meath. Ireland, aged 68 years and 9 months.
(ETNotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at tHe narlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767
Mission street, between Third and Fourth.
I GIRZIKOWSKY— In this ' city. December 15.
l«04, O!ga Girzikowsky, dearly beloved
: mother of Mrs. F. Hauser and Edward E.
Qlrzl, and sister of Gurtave Kartschoke, a ',
native cf Germany, aged 32 years 6 months
and 14 dayp.
Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect- j
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow ;
<Sa:urday), December 17. at 2:30 p. m., j
from the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 •
Mission street, between Seventh and Eighth.' j
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery'. Please ]
omit flowers.
I HELD— In Portland. Ore.. December 12. 1904.
1 Ulysses S.. son of George C. and Ella Held,
aged 0 years and 7 menths.
i HUDSON— In this city. December 1C. 1904. ]
i Phineas. dearly beloved husband of A. L. j
Hudson, and brother of Henry and Matthew .
H. Hudson, a native of New Tork, aged 6S !
| yearn 1 month and 15 days. ■ ; j
! (E7"Frlends are invited to attend the
funeral services Friday. December 16, at 2:30 !
p. m.. at the chapel of X. Gray & Co.. 353 \
Sutter street. . j
j KAVANAGH— In this city. December 14, 1904, \
; James F. Kavanagh, a native of San Fran- j
; oieco, ajred 38 years 6 months and 5 days. j
' KIN<3 — In Oakland. Cal.. December 12. 1904.
Rev. Michael King, aged 75 years.
CTTtiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Friday, December 16, at 10 o'clock a. m.,
at the Church of the Immaculate Conception,
Seventh and Jefferson streets, where a sol-
emn pontllical requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul. Inter-
ment St. Mary's Cemetery.
LANDWEHRKAMP— In this city. December
14. 1904. Pauline, dearly beloved wife of
Harry Landwehrkamp. and mother of Engel
Marie Landwehrkamp. and daughter of
Henry Stelnker-, and sister of Hattle Stein-
: ker. a native cf Kansas, aged 30 years 5
I \months and -5 days.
i ' tv"Frirn<!s and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday). December 17, at 10:30 a, m.,
from her late residence, 25G0 Lombard street,
bttween Devlsadero and Broderlck. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
MOONEY— In Los Gates, December 11, 1904,
John F., beloved husband of Mary J.
Mooney, and father of Hugh I. Mooney, and
belcved brother of Mary and the late Michael
Moor.ey of Vtealia, a native of Eastport. Me.
pepcrs please copy.)
McINTEE— In the City and County Hospital.
December 14. 1904. Mary Mclntee, a native
cf Ireland, aced 55 years.
MILLER— In Oakland. December 15, 1904,
Rosalie Burroughs, beloved daughter of Mr.
and Mr?. William 11. Miller, and sister of
Judge F. B. Ogden. Mrs. Allen Knight and
Agree. Alys, Dorothy and James Stran
Miller, a native of Oakland.
MURRAY— In this city. December 14. 1904,
Catherine, wife of the late John Murray,
and mother of Thomas H. Murray, Mrs." C.
C. Duhain and the late Mrs. James Keegan,
a native of County Roscommon, Ireland,
aged 81 years 5 months and IS days.
(Marysvllle. Cal., and Newark, N. J., papers
please copy.)
E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), Dei-ember 16, at 8:15 a. m., from
her late residence, 51 Portola etreet, thence
to Sacred Heart Church, corner Fillmore and
Fell Btrcets. where a requiem mass will be
celebrated for the reoone of her soul cpm-
mencing at 9 a. m. Interment St. Mary's
Cen.etery. Oakland, f
PARSONS— In this city. Decemebr 15 1904
John William, beloved husband of Ella B*
Parsons, aad father of Mrs. Viola Arm-
strong. Mrs. Vlnrie Whitman H Lee and
the late Edgar P. Parsons, a native of Vlr-
Klnls, aged 02 years 9 inontts and 17 days.
PEISER— In this city December 14, 1904
Esther, widow of the late Joseph Pelser and
beloved mother of Lemuel. Alex. Sol, MannU
and Kate Fei*er. a native of Block. Poland
aged 70 years 3 months and 24 days
JOTriends and acquaintances are resDect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday
December 1«. at 10 a. m.. from the reil-
dence of her sen. Alex Peteer. . 2215 Sutter
street. Please omit flowers. Interment Min-
or Eternity Cemetery, via the ufao'J 11^"
o?pot and Townsend «reets
In ; thI " elty « December 15 19O«
a^^y^n h^,^.^ o^iffl^
KENRY J. CALL-ACHE'S CO
(EU^A^ r iEL°P: U 5o1fo a VA^ Ga Mgf her) -
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth et.. opposite Lincoln Schoot
Telephone South SO.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
Funeral Directors and Embalmers .
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple.
SOW at 860 MISSION. Tel. South 167.
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth st.
finest Equipments at Moderate Rates.
James McGinn. Henry Hansen.
james mcginn & co..
Formerly With . McGinn , Bros.
Funeral ' Directors and Embalmers— •
214 Eddy st. Tel. East 8B.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, -..FRIDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1904.
j Fredrick E. Ryden. affed 60 years' 11
I Months- a nil 0 days.
SI.ATTERY— In this city. December 15. 1904.
j Michael J. Slattcry. beloved husband of
Florence -flatter: . and father of Gertie.
i Btssie Tessle, Roy. Mildred and May Slat-
tery. and brother of Thomas B. falattery and
Mrs. Henry Gleeson. a native cf Massachu-
setts, aged 4G years.
SMILEY— la Oakland, December 15, 1904.
Susie J., beloved wife of Edward H. bmliey.
and mother of Disoon and Laura Smiley and
daughter of Henry and Catharine McGlln-
ohey. and sister V>f Frank. Willie, Rose and
Mamie McGlinchy.~ a native of California,
J aged 25 years 2 months and 1« days.
i (C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
! fully invited to attend ths funeral to-morrow
i (Saturday), at 12::» p. m.. from the parlors
' of Durgin & Bleakley. 220O Shattuck avenue.
! Berkeley, thence to St. Joseph's Church,
! where services will be held, commencing at
L 1 s>. m. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery.
J SMITH— In Alameda, December 14. 1004,
James Payne Smith, husband of the late
Margaret B. Smith, and father of^ J. B.
Smith, a native of England, aged 02 years
and 5 months. . -
SPINKS — In this city. December 13. I9O4,
Jennie Solnks. beloved wife of Nelson
Sptnka, and mother of Charles. Hiiro'd, Roy
and th* late Violet Spinks, and daughter of
Catherine Murray. • „ , .
(DTThe funeral will leave this day
(Friday), at 9 a. m., from the parlors ot
Joseph Hasan. 1707 Sacramento street, for
St. Mary'* Cathedral, where a requiem mass
i will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
j commencing at 9:30 a. m. Interment
private.
TAYLOR— In East Oakland, December 14,
1904 Jennie, daughter of the late John and
Wealthy Taylor, and beloved sister of Mrs.
Dr. A. M. Gardner. William L. "^r^rt^i
Mrs. Frederick F. LJoyd, a native of Cali-
fornia.
ICTFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services Friday «efternoon.
December 16. at 1:30 o'clock, at her late
home. 477 East Eleventh street. East Oak-
land. Interment private.
TSCHECH— In ' this city. December 14. 1904
Louis TBChech. a native of Trieste, Austria,
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Saturday.
December 17. at 10 a. m., from the parlors
of Vatesito. Marlnl & Co.. 1624 Stockton
street.
WAGNER— In this city. December 13,, 1S04,
Ludwigr beloved husband of the late. Julia
"Wagner, and devoted .stepfather of Mrs.
Man- Bruhn and AlbeYt P. E. Medau. and
brother of Bernard and the late Frank Wag-
ner a native of Hanover, Germany, ased 63
years and 7 months. (Council Bluffs pap*"
please copy.) ■ • "■
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), December 16, at 2 p. m.,'from the
parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth. . Cre-
mation Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
WARD— In this city. December 15. 1904,
Dennis J.. beloved husband of Margaret
Ward, and father of John J., Ella M..
Francia P. and Cornelius V. Ward, a native
cf County Limerick, Ireland, aged 3. years.
■WILLIAMS— At her residence. 146 Silver
street, in this city. December 15. 19OJ,
Caroline, beloved wife of John Francis W II-
llam*. and mother of John F.. George A..
WiUiam Henry. Edmond N.. William C. R..
Percy E., Frederick A. and Harold M. Wll-
llarra and Mrs. James Watson, a native of
Melbourne. Australia, ased 47 years and ii
days.
IC Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
December 18. at 1:30 p. m.. from the
Mlzpah Presbyterian Church. Harrison
street, near Fifth. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by carriage.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Fifteen.
i TONOPAH AND GOLDFIELD STOCKS.
Morning Session.
i 600 Gold Anchor.. 20 -150 Sandstorm ... 40
' 200 Jumbo 62 700 Ton Belmont.. 71 i
' 200 Kendall 22| 500 Ton N Star... 24 j
! 300 Ray & O'Brien C6| 25 Ton of Nev..9 7ft ;
: 10C0 Red Top 181 b
! Afternoon Session. !
600 Columbia •••• 22| 300 Ray & O'Brien 06
100 Goldfleld 86I30C0 Red Top ....: 1? ,
: 100 Goldfleld . .\ . 8SJS0O0 Sandstorm ... 41
' 1000 Jumbo US18OOO Sandstorm ... 43
, 2000 Jumbo Ex .. 21| 500 Ton N Star... 24
1 1000 MacNamara . 24'20O0 Vernal Mtn . . 13
i 500 Mont Ton..l C7V4I 100 Wild Goose ..2 25
i 5000 N Y Ten Con 121
i CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
! Tonopah.
! Bid. Ask. Bld.Ask.
I Ton of Nev..» 62 9 75lRescue 06 07
! Mont Ton ...1 65 1 "OlTon & Cal — 16
■Ton Exten ..2 55 — I Ray & O'Brien 05 06
! MacNamara . 23 24|paymaster ... 03 04
j Ton Midway.. 33 35IMIzpah Ex .. 12 —
Ton Belmont.. 70 72jLJttIe Ton .. — 39
! Ton N Star 24 25! Esperanza .... 01 02
Ton Ohio 20 23!Gold Anchor.. — 20
! "West End ... 11 lOIQuincy 11 —
1 Ton Gold Mt. 14 15fN.Y Ton Con. 10 —
i Goldfleld.
! Sandstorm ... 40 41 1 Black Butte .. — 10
; Red Top 1" 18lBooth G M... — 13
! Columbia 21 22|Adams m 10 11
I Dlamondfleld. — 27 Silver Pick ... 17 —
I Jumbo 67 fWlMay Que«n .. 16 —
i Jumbo Ex .. 20 22!Nevada Boy... 17 —
; Vernal Min .. 13 14lOrI& Bullfrog. — 13
! Pennsylvania 22 — Bullfrog Mln. 59 —
j Goldfleld 87 90 BIck Butte Ex 10 —
i Kendall 21 22 South Western 60 —
Oakland 25 30!
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sale* on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday :>,
Morning Session.
3000 Austin G M. 30' BOO Paymaster .'.. 04
500 Black Butte.., 2112000 Red Top .10
i 2500 Bullfrog Mln. 59U.MK) Red Top 17
500 Cent Eureka. 1 60i 700 Ton Belmont.. 73
j 3000 Esperanza ... 02| 100 Ton & Cal.... 17
100 Free Gold M. 14i 100 Ton Exten ..2 50
1000 Goldfleld Drod 191 700 Ton Gold Mt. 15
1000 Goldfld Red L, 0611200 Ton Midway.. 35
4000 MacNamara . -23| 1600 Ton Midway.. 36
600 Mont Ton ...1 70' 5 Ton of Nev.9 62%
100 Mont Ton.. 1 C7 1* 1400 Ton N Star... 23
! 2000 Nev Goldfleld. 101 COO Ton N Star... 26
I 500 Nev Goldfleld. lllWOO .Vernal MJn .. 11
! 1000 N Y Ton Con 11 1 1000 Vernal Mln .. 12
j 7000 N T Ton . Con If I
• Afternoon Session.
I 1500 Bullfrog Mln. B9J 400 Mont Ton ...1 70
I 1550 Bullfrog Mln. 60 1000 N Y Ton Con. 11
! 1500 Dixie Mln ... 20 2000 Red Top 17
1100 Free Gold M. 15!2000 Red Top 18
100 Goldfleld Mln. S2I1000 Sour Mash' ... OS
1000 GldfM Red L. 031 COO Ton Belmont.. 73
500 Goldfleld S Pk 1611000 Ton Midway.. 36
2C00 Jumbo Ex .. 21|ll.riOO Ton N Star. 25
400 Jumbo ft'lll.nOO Ton N Star. 24
1100 MacNamara . 2314000 Vernal Min .. 11
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bld.Ask.] Bld.Ask.
Adams 10 12lN Y Ton Con. 11 12
Austin G M.. 30 — iPaymaster ... 03
Black Butte.. 17 — Pine Grove .. 10
Blue Bull M. 22 — Ray Exten .. 10
Bullfrog Mln. CO — Ray & O'Brien OS
• Columbia 20 — Red Top 17 18
i Diamond field. 18 — Rescue C6 07
'Dixie MIny.- — 20lRothwell G M. 10 50
I Eeperansa :.. 01 0?M?andstorm ... 40 45
i Gold Anchor. — ' 20T*on Belmont.. 71 74
I Goldfleld B Bl 02 07lTon & Cal .. — 17
GldfM Red U 05 C6]Ton Cash Boy. — 10
I Goldfleld S Pk — ISlTon Exten 1.2 80 2 73
j Goldfield Ton. — ' OSlTon & Ot W o*»
Gold Mt Con. — 01 1 Ton Gold Mt. ' 14
Jim Butler^.. 50 — (Ton Midway., 35 28
Jumbo 69 73 Ton of Nev... 9 50 9 7S
Little Ton . . — 45iTon N Star . 24 25
Lucky Bldwn — OfllTon Superior 02
Luekv Tom.. — CS'Ton, Un'on .. 03
MacNamara . 23 24lTTnlted Ton .. — 17
Mlzpah Ex .. 05 — | Utopia ..10 _
Mont Ton..t 70 1 tt\C,\-r»ma\ Mln . 11 _
5?er GoMfleld. 10 — IWest End- ... -_ to
California Stock and Oil Exchanee.
Stocks — BM A*fc#<1
Assd Oil Co Stock Tr Cert. 26 A »«?a-
Oall'ornla-Standard ........ 17 :
j Caribou e no "
j <TiJeagn Crude 1 'j«
i Oaremont *...." gfu
Coallnga & Paclflo '""in •
I Four R5 "
J Home ■ ; 40
iKeir^ nw ...v.v;.v:::::::: 4 « ;!?."
j Kern (new) |) .... *3ft
I Monte Crlsto 77U «a
! Occidental nf W Vi {»
I Oil Cltv Petroleum • »m
Reed Crude 2 m •* }r>
Sovereign • 32 " XI
Sterling 200 2 20
Superior m
Twenty-eight 12 00 lj'no
"Wolverine .... 50
Mlsprt'aneous —
Assd Oil Co Bonds 85 25 85 50
SALES.
M0 Monte CHsto *.*.!!.'.*.".'.*.*.*."'!* "' Rn ,
50ft Monte Crlsto * 771/
»45 Aesoclated Oil ;. " 26
100 Home fs 90"> '1 tn
500 Independence [• 11
100 Caribou •. .'.'.'.:. 6 0»-
Afternoon Session.
100 Twenty-eight Oil . . /. ; . . 13 "c n
300 Sovereign (s 30) 33
REAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS;
THURSDAY. DECEMBER 15
Sarah M. Co« to Victor and Teresa Rous
seau, lot on N line of California street • 87 W
of Larkin. W 25 by N S7: $10.
J. W. and Ada M. Goodwin to Burke Cor.
bet. lot on NW. corner of Filbert and Larkin
streets, N 40 by W lOO^lO
Hlbernia- Savings and ■ Loan Society to
I Eleanor Martin, lot on NW corner of F*ll
•street and Van Nees , avenue. N 120 by, W
x r>«> i t z $io.'
i Christina de Noon to 6lmon Newman lot on
W byVV37?6: 8 «lV treet - 8 ° E of ,^una. B
Fannie L. Tyler to- Elsie M. Mtnafeldt/ lot
on S line of -California street. 156:3 E of Web.
ster. E 25 by S 137:0; $10.
IlURo Mansfeldt to eame same; gift.
Christian Jensen to Jesse S. L. Potter.'Tot
on E line of Pierce street. C4 S ot Filbert. S
28 by E 82:C; $io.
Nellie A. Lasell ■ (wife of . Frederick A.) to
Rudolph Qraef. lot on S" lino of California
street. 32:0 B of Baker E 25:3 by S 82:6; $10.
Samuel D. and Emma Magnes to Martha A.
Peck lot on E line of Belvedere street, 125 N
of Waller. N 25 by E 123 :5U: *!<>•
Frank S. Jacott to Carmel C. Jacott. lot on
SE corner of Sacramento and Walnut strtet3.
E 37:6 by S 100; gift.
Mary C- Raum to George E. Raum .lot on,
W- line of Julian avenue 100 S of Fourteenth
street. S 50 by W 80: grant.
Joseph Seyner to Mary E. Seyner, lot on B
line ' of 'Albion avenue 2CO S of Sixteenth
street. S 36 by E 120; gift.
James D. and Julia Courtney to Frank Rlt
tlgsteln. lot on W line of Walter street. 150 S
of Duboce avenue • S 25 by W 100; $10.
Realty Improvement Company to Thomas G.v
Neal. lot on W line of Castro street, 1C5 N of
Fourteenth, N 2:0 by W 90- $10. "
Mary E. and John H. von Schroeder to Wil
liam Barner, lot on SW corner of Twenty- j
second and Howard streets, S 30 by W 122:6;
Frank .and Teresa Gangloft to Franz E. and
Mary A. Huske, lot on W line of Torke street,
250 N of Twenty-sixth N 26 by W 100; $10.
William and Jennie "Helblng to Jacob Bern
i hard, lot on S line of Twenty- second street.
; 5S:0 E of Dolores. E 58:9 by S 31; $10.
Kathe A. Rivers to Anthony J. and Julia
A. Smlrclch. lot on S line of Twenty-eighth
etreet. 105 E of Diamond B 25 by S 114; $10.
Samuel Merritt to Alanson H. Phelps. ro
record 387 D; 186. lot on E line of Jones
street. 110 S of Pacific. S 27:6 by E 137:6;
$1400.
Same to same, rerecord 332 D. 78. lot on E
line of Jones street 107:6 S of Paclflo, S 2:6
by E 137:6; $150.
Ellen B., Albert A. and Roger S. Phelps to
Elizabeth E. Cost, lot on E line of Jonea street,
107:0 S of Pacific. S 27:6 by E 137:6; $10.
Paul J. Stupaiich to Emily Stuparich. lot on
S line of Greenwich street. 170:4% W of Hyde
W .32:10% by S 137:0; gift.
Margaret E. Wlckes to Mollle J. Rennlck,
lot on SE line of Shipley street. 403:4 NE of
Fourth,, NE 19:2 bj%SE 69; $10.
James W. Flannery to Annie Flannery. undi
vided fourth of lot on NE line of Third street.
25 SE of Folsom, SE 46:6, NE 70, NW 22. SW
6. NW 24:6. SW 65; gift.
Thomas F. and Mary T. Dingley to Rose
Woodworth, lot on NE line of Fifth street.
215 NW of Harrison (20 NW of Claxy), NW 40
by NE 80; $10. I
William A. and Grace G. Lang* to William |
P. Redmgton. lot on E line of Fifth avenue,
631 N of Lake street N 50:3 NE 122:2. S
73:1%. W 120; $10.
Antolne and Grade Borel to Adolph Meyer,
lot on W line of Eleventh avenue, 300 N of
California street. N 25 by W 120; $10.
James G. Marshall to Felix Marcuse, lot on
W line of Sixth avenue 50 S of California
street, S 50 by W 120; $10. '
Ellen A. and George S. Fife to Hiram H.
and Louise C. Rowe. lot on W line of Eight
eenth avenue, 200 .N of Point Lobos, V N 25 by
W 120; $10.
William A. Deane to Amy W. Deane. lot on
E line of Twenty-third avenue. 150 N of Point
Lobos, N 75. E 120. S 25, E 120, S 25. W 120,
S 25. W 120; gift.
Philip J. Cunningham to San Francisco Col
lateral Loan Bank, lot on W line of Fifteenth
avenue. 195:10 N of A street, N 40, W 63:8,
SE 40:5. E 58; $10.
Joaiah R. Howcll to Rosa Dodd, lot on NE
corner of Forty-fourth avenue and C street,
E 57:6 by N 100; $10.
Jacob and Bertha G. Welssbein to Jessie A.
Pomares, lot on W line of Forty-sixth avenue,
225 S of C street. S 25 by W 120; $10.
American Land and Trust Company to
Charles W. Roat. lot on W lino of Forty-first
avenue, 125 S of I street, S 25 by W 120- $10.
' Evangellne Daywalt (wife of George w.). to
Solomon Getz, lot on E line of Thirty-eighth
avenue, 226 H of S street, N 50 by E 120: $10.
Real Estate Security Company to Frank
Leveronl, lot on N line of W street, 82:6 E of
Seventeenth. E 25 by N 100; $10.
Lincoln Investment Company to M. Howe,
lot on N line of W street. 32:6 E of Seven
teenth avenue, E 50 by N 100: also lot on E
line of Seventeenth avenue 150 N of W street,
E 120. S 25. E 120. N 375! W 240. S 350; also
lot on SE corner of Seventeenth avenue and
V street. S 100 by E 132:6; also lot on S line
of V street. 32:6 W of Sixteenth avenue. W
25 by S 100; $10.
i Peter Demps«y to Mary Dempsey, lot 14,
; block 47. Sunny side; gift.
I T. Johannes Kruse to Wilhelmine Boock,
i lot on N corner of Madrid street and Brazil
! avenue, NW 25 by NE 100, block 29, Excelsior
Homestead; $10.
Edward Archer to Oswald and Maud Wal
lace, lot on S line of Rutledge street. 80 E of
Columbia place. S 75 by E 50. lots 31 and 32.
Harris map No. 2. Preclta Valley Lands: $10.
! Tide Land Commissioner* to Daniel Maho
: ney. lot on S line of Fourth avenue, 100 NW
: of P street, NW 50 by SW 100, lot 24, block
; 84. 8alt Marsh; $170.
Same to same, lot on S line of Fourth ave-
I nue, 150 NW of P street. NW 50 by SW 100.
; lot 23. block 84, Tide Lands: $170.
Same to Eame, lot on S lino of Fourth ave
| nue, 200 W of P street. NW 50 by SW 100. lot
22. block 84. same; $170.
Same to same, lot on S line of Fourth ave
nue, 250 NW of P street, NW 60 by SW 100,
' lot 21, block 84, same; $170.
I Same to same, lot on N line of Fifth avenue,
I 250 NW of P street. NW 60 by NE 100, lot 8,
j block 84, same; $170.
; Same to same, lot on N line of Fifth avenue.
200 NW of P street. NW 60 by NE 100, lot 7
j block 84. same; $170.
Same to same, lot on N line of Fifth avenue.
| 150 NW of P street, NW 50 by E 100, lot 6,
block 84, same; $170.
Same to same, lot on N line of Fifth avenue,
100 NW of P street. NW CO by NE 100. lot
5. block 84, same; $170.
Same to same, lot on NW corner of Fifth
avenue and P street. NB 50 by N 100, lot 4,
t)!ook 84, Salt Marsh Lands: $221.
Same to same, lot on- W line of P street, 50
I NB of Fifth avenue NE 50 by NW 10O. lot
1 3. block 84, Tide Lands: $170. *
i Same to same, lot on W line of P street, 60
! SW of Fourth avenue. SW 50 by NW 100. lot
! 2, block 84. Salt Marsh and tide lands; $170.
; Same to same, lot on SW corner of Fourth
avenue and P street. SW 50 by NW 100, lot 1,
i block 84. tide lands; $221.
| Henrietta and Henry Worsdale to Matilda
' Forrester fwlfe of John),- lot on NE Hns of
Seventeenth avenue. 350 SE of N street, SE
. 25 by NE 1C0, block 330, Case Tract: $10.
I Mary E. or Mary Seyner to Joseph Seyner,
lots 101. 102. 112 and 113. Ill and all of lot 83
left after widening of Mission street. Bernal
Homestead Association: gift.
! Julius C. Itfis to Enoch Gustafson, lot 29,
I block 3, Rels Tract; grant.
Sam© to G. H. Goodhue, lot 20, block 14,
i Rels Tract; grant. .
Ertate of Fannie P. Farnsworth (by Lotta
P. Farr.sworth, executrix) to Sydney H. Wil
liams, S 20 feet of lot 5 and N 10 feet of lot G,
block G. Sunset Heights; $675.
! Lotta P. Farnsworth to same, same; $675. .
I Patrick Lally to William H. and Alma Cole,
lot on S line of Sllllman street, 55 E of Goei-
I tlngen, E 52 by S 100. lots 19 and 20, block 17.
I Railroau-avenue Homestead; $10.
S. Ducas Company to Anna Biggs, lot on
RW line of Mount Vernon street. 53:5 W of
Tara NW 25 by SW 100. lot 10. -block C. Getz
i Addition to Lakevlew; $10.
1 Same to William F. Powell, lot on E line of
. Louisbunr street. 151:0 S of Mount Ver-
I non. S 03:0 by E 100, lots 19 to 21," block C.
same; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
fct. M. Regensburger (owner) with M. Levy
I Company (contractors), architect Edgar A.
j Mathews — Electric light wiring, bells, epeak
. ing tubes for four two-story attic and base
ment buildings on SE. corner of Union and
Broderlck streets. E 137:6 by S 137:6: $612.
George K. Edwards (owner) wlth^ George
i Wolfenden (contractor). architect — All
j work for a story and a half frame building on
• W line of Twenty-seventh avenue, 162:2 S of
.West Clay, if produced W. thence S 37:6 by
W 120; $2550.
, Feda F. Frear (wife of Hugo P.) and Mary
j E. Hallett (owners) with Petterson & Persson
I (contractors), architect R. H. White — Excava
tion, concrete, brick, castlron. steel, stone,
carpenter, galvanized iron work, plastering,
I hardware, glazing, marble, tile work and
roofing for a seven-story and basement brick
building- on S line of Ellis street, 82:6 E of
Jones. E 27:6 by S 137:G; $47,506.
Same owners with Gullck & Wetherbee (con
tractors), architect same — Plumbing gas fit
ting, 'drainage and steam heating for eame on
came; $10,050.
Same owners with Martin Peterson (con
tractor), architect same — Painting, varnishing
and tlr.tlntr for fame on same; $2226.
Same owners with San Francisco Electrical
Company (contractors), architect same — Elec
trical lighting and > electrical work for same '
on same: S16TO.
Same owners with Bryan Elevator Company
(contractors), architect same — One passenger
elevator for Fame on same; $2000.
Martha von Ahr.den (owner) with Felix
Marcuse ' (contractor), architect • J. H. von
Ahnden Jr. — All work for a two-story and
basement frame cottage on E line of Third
n venue, 225 N of Point Lobos, N 25 by E 120;
$2919. '
. Andrew G. Forsberg (owner) with L.- G.
Bergren (contractor). -; — architect — All work
for a three-story frame building (three flats)
on Nllne of Waller street, 131:3 W of Stetner,
25x137:6; $8S0O.
Edward Wise (owner) with W. Bateman
(contractor), architect Albert Farr — Store front
and fixtures, etc.. for building on lot on corner
of Market. Ellis and Stockton streets; $5750.
Roman Catholic Orphan Asylum (owners)
with John G. Ills & Co. (contractors), architect
Charles J. I. Devlin — Steam cooking plant for
asylum building on lot on W corner of Eight
eenth Rvsnuo South and N street. NW 160. N
125. W 200. SW 600. SE to N street. NE to
beginning: $2748.
Same owners with J. J. O'Connor (contrac
tor). : architect same— Excavation, -brick, . Iron,
carpenter, tin. stone .work ■ and painting for a'
one-story brick power-house on same; $1281.
IiATE SHIPPING IXTElf JGENCE.
SAILED.
/Thursday. December 15.
' Stmr Despatch, Weber, Mukllteo.
Stmr- Alcazar, Wlnkel. .
Tug Dauntless". ■ Shea, Monterey.
k DOMESTIC PORTS.
ABERDEEN— Sailed- Dec : 15— Stmr.:Centra
lla. fcr San Pedro. BfiHSBnBBBMl
DEATH CALLS
OLD RESIDENT
OF CALIFORNIA
Special Dispatch to The Call.
' SONOMA, Dec. 1^.— Franklin' Sears,
one of the best known pioneers in this
State, died last night at the residence
of his daughter, Mrs. R. J. Snyder,
near this city.
• Sears was born in Orange County,
Indiana, June 28, 1S17, and came to Cal
ifornia in the spring of 1845, settling at
Sutters Fort. When the Mexican war
broke out he was one of the first to
enlist. He served throughout' that war
and at its close engaged In mining on
the Feather and American rivers. He
was one of the successful goldseekers
and amassed a fortune. He later en
gaged Jn stock raising in Colusa Coun
ty, and with Captain Swift built the
famous stone corral on Stoney Creek,
which is being preserved as a historio
landmark by the Native. Sons of the
Golden West. In 1851 Sears married
Miss Margaret Swift and moved to So
noma.-In partnership with his mother
in-law he purchased 15,000 acres of land
running from what is known as Sears
Point, along Petaluma Creek, as far
north as Lakeville, and engaged in
farming and fruit raising. He retired
from active life in 1878. >
UNIONS ELECT OFFICERS
FOR 'COMING SIX MONTHS
Carpenters andi Machinists Vote for
Members to Transact Business
for Their Organizations.
The various unions are engaged
at present in electing officers to head |
their organizations for the coming six j
months. The following were elected to!
office of the Carpenters* Union No. 483: j
President, C. A. Templeton; vice presi- j
dent, J. E. Burke; recording secretary, <
Charles L. Apperson; financial secre
tary, Guy Lathropr treasurer, O. M. V.
Roberts; conductor, C. H. Tubbs; ward
en, W. H. McLusan; trustee, P. M.
Hart; auditors, W. A. Cole and E. Ba
con; delegates to District Council of
Carpenters— O. »TJ V. Roberts. Samuel
Nail. W. H. Hutchinson. E. McNeil, T.
P. Curran, F. E. Evans. J. E. Burke,
C. H. Peterson, Charles L. Apperson
and C. Meanwell; delegates to Labor
CouncH— P. M. Hart, T. E. Zant,
George Metzgar, O. E. Pierce, G. W.
Mayder, C. H. Tubbs and R. iS. Eng
lish; delegates to the Sacramento Con
vention of the State Federation of La
bor, T. E. Zant and J. W. Mayder.
Golden West Lodge No. 1, Junior Or
der International Association of Ma
chinists elected the following: Presi
dent, D. P. Haggerty; vice president,
J. E. Moon; recording secretary, H.
Minedew; financial secretary, C. Hor
warth; treasurer, B. Holland; conduc
tor, A. J. Lunde; inside sentinel, E. J.
Adams; trustees, E. Simmonse, A. Vilas
and C. D. Wharff.
Mechanics Lodge No. 68 elected the
following officers: President, P. W.
Buckley; vice president, James Magin
nis; recording secretary, H. M. Burnet;
financial secretary, C. \V. Meyer; treas
urer, O. F. Minedew; conductor, W. E.
Jones; inside sentinel, W. E. Rice;
business agent, W. R. Hagerty; trus
tee, H. P. Healy; auditing committee,
J. Bode, J. A. Kelly and H. Brand;
delegates to the Iron Trades Council,
V. Dunkelberger, W. R. Hagerty and
J. A. Kelly; delegates to the Labor
Council, P. W. Buckley, W. P. Delaney,
W. R. Hagerty, J. E. Hooper, W. E.
Jones, J. A. Kelly, J. Lander, E. H.
Mlsner, W. E. Rice and R. I. Wisler;
delegates to the State Federation of La
bor convention, P. W. Buckley and J.
A. Kelly; hall directors, C. Bengel. C.
Duncan, F. Dunlap and "W. Siebert.
WOMAN BLAMES WOMAN FOR
TRAINING HER TO STEAL
Mrs. Bertha Campbell, Alias Allen,
Makes a Full Confession to Police
of. Shoplifting Experieqce.
Through the confession of Mrs.
Bertha Campbell, alias Allen, the po
lice are in posession of facts showing
that she and Mrs. Lizzie Pierce, alias
Jackson, had planned to carry on a
systematic plan of shoplifting in de
partment stores during the holiday
season. Both women were arrested on
Wednesday by Detectives Ryan and
Wolters and about $200 worth of goods
stolen from the Emporium and Prag
er's store and from stores in Oakland
have been recovered by the officers.
Mrs. Campbell told Captain Burnett
yesterday that Mrs. Pierce met her
about six weeks ago and explained to
her how easy it would be to steal from
stores. Mrs. Campbell was induced to
go along on thieving trips so as to get
a thorough training. She declared
that prior to that time she had been
innocent of any wrongdoing. The de
tectives are still working on the case.
Mrs. Pierce, alias Jackson, -is the
wife of Robert Jackson, alias "the
Sheeny Kid," a well-known bunko
steerer. H. S. Hocks?, the man who
called to see her at the City Prison on
Wednesday night and was. placed un
der arrest, was discharged from cus
tody yesterday after he had been
shown to the police.
The police last night arrested L. C.
Robinson and Joseph Maystaff and
wife, who were mentioned by* Mrs.
Campbell, or Allen, in her confession.
The prisoners will be closely ques
tioned relative to their acquaintance
with the Campbell and Pierce women.
BUCKLEY WILL NOT IIAXG «
AT SAX QUEXTIX TO-DAY
William Buckley, who was to have
been hanged to-day for the murder
three years ago of Qeorge Rice, a non
union machinist, has, through his at
torneys, Robert Ferral and Frank
Murphy, filed an appeal with the Unit
ed States Circuit Court for a stay of
proceedings that was granted yester
day. The case will now go to tho
United States Supreme Court on ap
peal from Judge Hunt's refusal to
grant a writ of habeas corpus.
Warden Tompkins of San Quentln
received notification yesterday of the
appeal and Buckley was removed
from the death chamber to the cell
he has occupied since his imprison
ment. The execution of Buckley was
to have taken place on October 7 of
this year, but Governor Pardee has
four times granted a reprieve.
The State Supreme Court decision in
the case was rendered on the 4th of
last June. There was no, dissenting
opinion. The petition for a rehear
ing was filed on the 18th of the Same
month.
I COOI^BOOKS. I
g Owing- to the unusual demand <cv
8 on the part of our subscribers O'
g for THE CAL.I/S Premium Cook. £'
§ Book it lias been necessary to ?k
n order an additional supply, o
S These books are expected about, o
o the 15th inst., on and after S
ft which date they;, will be ; at the w
8 disposal of our patrons at the S
S very low price of 50c. * 8
O :■-•'. To subscribers receiving tlieir »
paper by ' mail there will be an
f additional charge of 25c to pre- ft
pay" ..■ cxprcssasjc. , We "■■ also have S
' on hand ' a few "copies of "Wild g
Z, Animals I Have Met," thor- X
g oughly descriptive of the whole X
g; animal - kingdom. ". on v the same «
« terms. Order now, as our sup- Q
g ply is limited. «
TO ADVERTISEES.
Owing . to - the large
amount of. work incident to
the issue of THE CALL
HOLIDAY EDITION,
SUNDAY, DEC. 18, NO
DISPLAY ADVERTIS-
ING copy will be accepted
for that edition after 6
P. M. Saturday, and NO
CLASSIFIED Ads after 9
P. M. /
GET YOUR COPY IN
EARLY.
ELEVATOR INSPECTOR
SHOCKINGLY INJURED
Frederick Nessler Loses One Arm and
Slay Lose the Other as Result
of Accident.
/ Frederick Nessler, an elevator In
spector, living: at 235 Sixth street, was
shockingly Injured' yesterday forenoon
in an elevator accident at the Angelus,
an apartment house at 520 Stockton
etreet. As a result of his injuries he
lost his right arm, which was ampu
tated close to the shoulder, and the
surgeons may yet deem it advisable to
remove his j left arm, as it is badly
crushed.
Nessler was repairing the safety
clutches when the accident occurred.
The elevatpr had been raised Just above
one of the floors and Nessler was lying
down, his arms extended out under tha
cage. Suddenly one of the safety
clutches gave way, the cage fell and
In an instant his arms were crushed to
a pulp. It took several minutes and
the efforts of several men to release
him and he was then hurried to the
Central Emergency Hospital, where he
was operated upon. He Is in a pre
carious condition.
•AD\'ERTISE3IENTS.
UNITED STATES BRANCH
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OP THE
PHOENIX
ASSURANCE COMPANY, LIMITED,
OF LONDON.
ON the 81st day of December. A. D. 1303.
and for the year ending on that day. as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of ths
Stata of California, pursuant to the provisions
of Sections 610 and 611 of th* Political Code.
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. $2, 499,910 00
Cash in Company's Office 173 44
Cash in Banks 306,863 33
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 83.105 00
Premiums In due Course ot Collec-
tion 137.210 03
Due from other Companies for re-
insurance on losses already paid. 2.64S 15
Total Assets $2,978,911 05
— —^
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid 868.451 00
Losses in r«o« e " 9 ot Adjustment or
in Suspeike 132.180 92
Losses resibied. Including expenses 22,979 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- t
nlnr one year or less. $1,945.-
432 10: reinsurance SO per cent. 972,716 04
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $1,687.-
246 10; reinsurance pro rata...:"" 858.S33 17
Reinsurance Premiums 41.814 29
All other Liabilities 3.404 60
Total Liabilities $2,113,441 02
INCOME. "
Net etih actually received for Fir*
premiums $2,470.18174
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and
from all other sources 81.808 83
Profit on sale ot Ledger Assets... 16.817 45
Total Income $2.56S.SC6 04
EXPENDITURES. '
Net amount cald for Fire Losses
(Including $475,028 95. losses of
previous years) $1,405,334 46
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 432.630 92
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 166.378 81
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 74,406 63
AH other payments and expendi-
tures 872.733 73
Total Expenditure* :. $2,571,434 50
— I- - ' Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year. ..$1.305.162
Risks and Premiums. I Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $306,881,487 $3,885,189 97
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 415,347.914 4.242.318 33
Net amount In force
December 31. 1003. 312.Stl.4tS- 3.632.678 20
A. D. IRVING. United States Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before ma, this
26tb day of January. 1004.
| GEO. O. RUGER. Notary Pubtla.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.
200 PINE ST., - - San Francisco, Cal.
W.IRYIN6,, General Agsnl.
R. GALLEGOS, Asst. General Agsnt.
ALBERT M. BENDER, City Agent.
317 California St.. Han grandaco. Cal.
RAILWAY TRAVEL. /
ict1lCAGO T |Ni3 DAYS!
H UEAV CS DAILY AT SSJO A, Ki. H
njL^^T.HJ?'11E: WS AMO °*- gEPERS ™
Other Saata P» Tralntt
7:30 a. m.l
9:30 a. m. VFor Stockton. Fresno. Bakersfleld.
8:06 p. m. j - Merced. Hanrord and Vlsalla.
4:00 p. m. For 1 Stockton.
6:00 p.m. For Kansas City, Grand Canyon
and Chicago.
Ticket Office*£-G41 Market st. and Ferry Depot,
Pan Francisco: also 1112 Broadway. Oak-
land, Cal.; also 27 South 1st, San Jose.
jpSpfSSI^jSf^lSSj To SAN RAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY,
rS^Mi MITT VATTFY
CAZADERO, Etc
"T^aT^S?^^*^*^^ Via Sansallto 7errr
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart frcm San Francisco, dally, at f7:05
7:43. 8:25. 9:10. 9:50. ll:C0 a. m.: 12:20, 1-45
.3:15. 4:33, 5:15. 5:50. 6:30, 7:15 10:15 and
11:35 p.m. ;
Arrive at San Francisco, dally, at t6:40,-
7:35. 8:15. 8:50. 9:35, 10:50 a. m.; 12:10, 1:30 '
2:55. 4:25, 5:05. 5:42. 6:22. 6:57. 7:40 and 11:25 '
p. m. (
tDally except Sunday.
For Fairfax, daily, at 7:45 a. m.: also Satur-
days at 3:15 p. m.. and dally except Saturday
and Sunday at 5:15 p. m.
TUKOUCH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. dally — Cazadero and way stations.
3:15 p. to.. Saturdays only — For Cazadenx
■ 5:15 p. m. dally, except Saturday and Sun-
day, for Tcmales. etc
TICKET OFFICE— 650 Market st.
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market st.
yf^fi^S. T>mlB " •••▼• •■« »t« a««
CuLs^JlZl 8AN FRANCISCO.
VO v"^^y*V - °* OcTOBM A 1904.
\*j^?*y Txm T>xrvt
■ (Toot of Market 3treet>
t'«" - MAIN LINE. -TtTfTT
" 700a VscaTlllu. Winters. Hu:n«ey_ J JTo»
7.00a Benlcta, Klmlr* sml Sitcrsmento 7 2U»
7 30a Tullejo. N'apa. c'altstoga. asati
Kosa, Murtlcez. Sia lUmoo... . 8.20»
7.30a Nile*. Tracy. Lutbroo, Su>cJc:ot> ... 7 2D»
8 00a Shast* ExpreM— (V!» CaTU).
Wtlltamo. Willows, tFruto. Ked
Bluff. fortlaDil. Tscoms, Senttle 7.50f>
8 COa Pavii.Woodlnrd. SnL-htt Lsndtog.
M*rrtTUle. Orovlile 7.5O
8 30* M*rtlnei. Antloca. Byron. Trscr.
Stockton. K'jwm.ia. Los R»aoa,
Mendsts, Armooa, Usafurd.
Vliailk. 4.20*
•-30A Tort Cotla. Modesto. Merced.
- ' Presao. Oo«lien Janctlon, H»a-
ford7 Vltalla. BskertSeld 4. SO*
• 30a Klles, Sun Jose. Ltrermore. Stock-
ton, (t.Mll ton), !<>ne, Sucrimtata,
MsrrsTtll*. Cblco. Ued Bluff .... 4 20*
8.30a Oakdsle. Cala*»e. Jsmeitowo, 8o-
uors. Tuolumne and Aoptit ..... 4.2a»
9 00a Atlantic Express — Oi'dea »a<l R»»t. 5 2U»
83 0 A Richmond. Msrtlne* sad W»y
Stnttons •50*
1000a Tns Overland Llmlt#<t — «>sden.
Om»b», Chicago. Denver. Ktssaa
City. St. Louis — .IS*
10.00a Vallejo.... 12.2a*
10.00a Lo» Angles Ptnneaser — Port
Costa, Martlnei, Byroa. Tracy,
Lat&rop. Stockton. Mercei,
Il*f mood. Freino. Ooshen Jaao
tlon, II*nford, Lemoore, VUslls.
BskersOeld. Lo« Anjrele 7.2O»
!2.00m Haywsrd, Nlles and Wsy Swtlons. ..J-20*
tiCOP Sacramento Hirer Ste»mer»-. f ll.00»
SJO^ Bealcia, Winter*. B»crament<».
Woodland. Knlsbt* Landing.
MsryiTUls. OroTllla sad wsy
■Uttons 'ISS*
S-30" Hif wsrd.XIlst snd Way Buttons.. 7.S0*
I.30P Fort Costa, Msrttnez. Byron,Tr«cy.
Lathrop. Stocktoa. Mod as to.
Merced. Berend*. Tresno and
Way SUUona beyond l'or* Co«t« 12.2C*
4*0^U«rtInes.SanB«mcn.V»lteJo,Nsp^
C»H«tcc«.fiant» Hook. „. ,J-20*
4.0CPKUea. Tracy. Stockton 1 2 - I2*
44fl»Hsyward. Hiles. Irrlavtoa. Baal t8.|0*
Jose. LiTermora I rU.60*
BXOPTlis Owl Llmlied— Netrmaa, Lot
Bsnos. Mendoia, Freiao. 'f olartk • •-
Bakertfleld. Los Angeles. ... MM 8S0*
fS 30p Hsywsrd. Nlles and »an Jom ..... 7-204
• .OOP Hay ward. Nils* and Saa Jo»«. » SO*
• CCp Eattern Eaprcu — Omaha, Cnlc»»o,
Dtnver. Kanaka City. at. Loula,
Martinez. Stockton. Sacramtnto,
Colfax. Reno. Sparks. MooKllo.
Ocdea *Z80v
•.BOs* Tslleio, dally, exc«pt dnadsy.... I ■j en—
700» Vtllejo, Snnday only f l ' J * vm
7X8P Klcamood, 8sa Pablo, Port Coiu,
Martices and Way SUtloaa 11.23*
f-OQpReno Fa4nen«[er— Port Costa. Be-
aleia, SuUun, Elmlra. Dlzon,
Darli. Sacramento. Sparks. Toso>
pah. Keeler and War Statloaa... 7.50*
•4)o> Oregon * California Kxprera— Sao*
ramsnto, MarytTtUe. Reddlnc
Portland, Pa get Sound and Kaat. 1-80*
•.10p Barwsrd. Nl'.es and Ban Jom (Saa-
aay only). 11.804
COAST LINE^ (-N»rr»w «»..?.)•
(Foot of Market Street.) m
8-15A Newnrit. CenterTlUe, Bta Jo««,
. Felton. Boulder Creek. Santa
• Crns and Way Station* S 53»
t2-lBP Kewark. Centerrllle. Baa Joss.
Hew Almaden. Lot Oato*. Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Crut aad
Principal Way Station! t103S«
4.16p Kewark. Saa Jote, Los Gttot...j *]£££*
«9 30p Hantert* Trsla (Bstarday tnl7>—
Eta Jote and Way Scattont 17.25*
COAST LINE C'ro»<ww.).
Qr (Third ami To^nttnd Streets.) '
* 8.10a Saa Jote aaj Way Stations. 8-30*
700a San Joae and W«y St*tlom 6 4Q»
8.00a New Almaden (Tnet.. Frlil.. only). 4.10#
8 COa The Coaster— San Jote. Salinas.
Saa Ardo, P«to Roblet. Bsnu
Margarita, Saa Lala Oblipo,
t Gnadftlape, GaTtou, Saau H.if
bars, Saa Buenaventura, Mon-
taJ-ro. Oxnard, U urban k. Los
Angeles 10-33*
, 8 00a Ollroy. Hollltter. C««troTtile, Del
! Monte. Paclflc Grove, Surf. Loco-
poo 10.30
1 8.00a Ban Jose. Tres Ptaot.WatsonvKle,
CapltolA. Santa Cruz, Paelflt)
< Grof. Bsltaas. Ssa Lnlt Obtspo
•ad Principal Way Stations. ... 4.10*
1 10-30a Saa Jote tod Wny Station*......... 1.20*
11 20a Saa Jose aad Wty Stattoat. ....... 7.30?
2-16P San Jote anJ. Way 8tat.on» ... .... 8 33*
) «X0pD*1 Monte Kxprett— 6anta Clara,
San Jote, Wattoavllle. Santa
; Crni, Del Monte, Monterey.
I raciaeOroTe 12.15*
13-OOp Lot Gatot. Wrlsht. Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz. tH Santa Clara sad
Narrow Gstiffe t10-4S*
' 8^Op Valencia St.. South Saa Francisco,
Sarllnfnune. Sun Jose, Gllroy,
Hoi litter. Tret Pinos 10 43a
4 30p S«n Jose and Way Stations +8 Ofl*
teXOPfiant* Clara. 8tn Jote. Lot Gates,
and principal Way stations (ex-
cept Sunday) t9-00*
|6.30p 6an Jote and Prlnclpnl Way Stations {9.40a
ft 45p Santet Express.— Kedwood. Saa
Jote.Gllroy.Sallaas.Paao Uobles.
Ssa Lnlt Oblipo. Santa Barbara,
, Lot Angelea. Denting. Kl Paso.
pt.Lou!*. New Orleans. KewYorlC 9 IQa
S-4SpPsJaro, WatsoavlMe. Capitol a,
; isaota Crnx. CastroTlUa. Del
; Monte. Faclflc Gtoto 19.30*
18-15P 6aa Mateo.Bereafortl.Uelmoni.Saa
Carle*, liedwood. Fair Oaks.
Menlo Park. Palo Alto 18.48*
6 35p Bob Jor e aad Way StaUons. 8.38*
8-COpPalo Alto and Way Stations 10.15a
11 .5Cp South Saa Franc: so. M Ulbrae. Bur
"n<.Mrie. s>an Matco, Belmont,
> gin Carlos, Redwood, Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park, aad Palo Alto rS-45»
t «11I0p Majfleld, Mountain View, Sunay-
rale, Lawrence. SanU Clara sad
. Ban Jose &-**?
. AforMoraiag. V for Afternoon.
1 Hoadty excepted. t Sunday only.
« Saturday only. * Monday oaiy.
> Ifiiops at all stattoas oa SundUjk.
[ CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
) Tibnron Ferry, root of Market Street.
. BAST PSANC1SC0 TO SAH SA7AEL.
"WEEK DATS— 7:30, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.: 12:35.
3:30, 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays^ — Extra trlai
r at 11:50 x>. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:CO. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; l:«0, 3:30.
I 6:00. 8:20. 11:30 p. m.
, SAN SATASL TO SAW 7SA2TOXSCO.
f WEEK DAYS— 6:05. 7:33. 7:30. 9:20, U:1S
a. m.; 12:50, 3:40. B:CO. 5:20 p. m.
1 Ssturdays — Extra trip at 2:C3 and 6:33 p. m,
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 0:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40, a:40»
4:05. 5:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrlv*
San Fran. | Oct. 2. 190*. f San Fran.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. I tlon. | days. [ Days.
7:20 a 8:COa 9:10 a 8:40 a
9:3Oa Isnacio. 10:40 a 10:20 »
8:30 p 3:30 p 6:05 p 6:20 B
B:10p 5:00 p 7:35 p
7:30 a I 9:10 a 8:40 a
8:00 a Novatc. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:08 p 6:20 B
8:10 p 3:30 p and 7:33 p
I 5:00 p Santa Rosa.
7:30 a 10:40 a 10:20 a
9:00 a Fulton. 7:35 p 6:20 0
3:30 p 3:30 p '
J Windsor, j
7:30a 8:C0a Healdsburs. 10:40a 10:20a
Lytton.
8:30 p 8:30 p Geyserville. 7:35 p 6:20 9
Cloverdale.
7:30 al 8:C0a! Hopland 110:40 al 10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| and Uklah. | 7:35 p| 6:20 9
I J Willlts and j I
7:30 «| 8:00 a! Sherwood. | 7:35 pj 6:20 p
7:30 a! S:COa| 110:40a 10:20a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Guernevllle. |7:33p C:20p
' 7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma. I 9:1Oa! 8:40 a
5:10 p| 5:00 p| Glen Ellen. | 6:05 p| 8:20 p
7:30 a S:00a| 110:40 a!10:20 a
3:30p 3:30p| Sebastopol. |7:33p|6:2Op
STAGES connect at Green Brae for Saa
Quentln; at Santa 'Rosa for Whit* Sulphur
Springs and Mark West Sprlnjrs; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs: at Geyservtlle for SkaffK*
Springs: at Cloverdale for the Geysers Boone-
vUl«> and Greenwood; at Hopland for Duncan>
Springs. HigbUnd Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. ~Lakeport. Eartlett
•Springs and Lak- County Hot Springs; at
ITklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs.
Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Springs.
Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley. John Day's.
Riverside. ,JJ« ly "»: Bucknell's. Sanhedrln
Heights. Hullvlll*. Orr's Hct Springs. Halfway
House. Comptche. Hopkins. Mendocino City.
Fort Bragg. West port and Usal; at Wlltlts for
Fort Brass, Hearst and Sawyers; at Sherwood
£"".,. Ca S to> , Covel °- Laytonvllle. Cummins*.
Bell s Springs. Harris. Hubbard Frultland.
Dyf. Garberville. Camp ,5. PepperWood. ScotU
ana L,ureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday— Round-trlr> tickets to all point*
beyond S»n Rafael at half rates p°""»
buli'dt'n*- " ° fflCe ' W0 Market v street. Chronicle
JAS. V FRAZIER, \ X. RTAJI.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
I J^JIiJ^jyjALPAis Railway
1 \.J'^ yrantU^~ 1 Ar.SaarrMdSr~
j ;i»«j» Jwi^s_ £§§£$*&
1.4op l:t.> S:23p 6:5?p
8atardiT» *;35r SitonUn 11-12»'
MrVS|-? ei0 J V c lA * KKT Sr^(Xorth Shore RailroadV
Mnca ; aad Sausakto Fjouiv. Foot Maita*!*. ,
WEEKLY CALL, |1.00 PfiB YEAB.COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS. •§:
Wall-street Stocks' slightly higher and strongly su p farted.
CgUc;i lower, zvith AVk- England viills apathetic.
Local Securities continue very quiet.
l^arge foreign order for- Flour and Forage filled here yesterday.
li'Jicat and Oats firm, Barley higher and Corn didl.
Large line of Hay taken for tiic Orient. Feedstuffs unchanged.
Potato market srorfrmg in rather better sJiape. Onions quieter.
Poultry in liberal supply! Game higher. '
Fruit -market quiet. Cranberries in large supply.
t Butter easy. Cheese steady and Eggs firm.
Larpc invoice of Provisions reported bought for the Orient.
■ Wool. Hops and Hides unchanged.
'■ Cattle, Sheep and Hogs still in light demand.
" Steriing Exchange becoming stronger. Silver unchanged.
. l-ir^e Foivisn Forage Order.
Jk. large foreign .-rtT for Provision* and
Fcrag4 ha* Ian. foern filied fn this market. It
s-a* k«?;>t »f <iartt e<= powrtbl* anri dii n«;t be
come ptfWTi*fy keen n until vest£rd_y. a day
■ftcr it had N"*n r.l!ed. Wr.il* th» it^ms can-
BOt bet«t-t«4 Tcactly on accr.tat of thr- se
crecy observed it if reported on the <irain
.J'xchsr^e that they were _'•'•'> tci:\s each of
• «tt. Bario' «rsd Hay arvl large lir»es of Flour
f;S Prevision*. Tri» destination is. also kept
quiet." but; it is said to be Japan. Hints of
•*-.i* crM^r nave lately t<^n printed, so !t d!d
ran come as a fonrlf!' fjrprJye.
I-arse Transfers of Gold and SiKer.
• Tork a<J\ices report ccW retumir.g to
:»at- citj Ircni aH center? *x~ept fan Fran
-:fc« and New Orleans. Larr* arr.->unts hi\«
recently been coming to thus rity from Xew
T/jrk. zt urual at this time of tn»> y^ar. On
tt*» I3 r h inrt. $1.10f>.(X<> T»as= tr»r.«fprr«-l from
N>-»C York to San Francisco and $4r>0,"0f> on
__• lftb. making a tolal of $*.C5C>,000 trans-
J-rred' -a this manner since August _5.
Large fuir.s in «an4ard silver dcr.ars and
fubeldlary silver coin are beir.g sent by the
rr.irwl -States trea^urj' i~'o th* istericr of th»
roantry. doubiles* for us* as Email chance
iurire the hclifiays. The phipmer.t* larg"Jy
'KC-ej those at '~i-e rain- tim« iatt year.
• Salmon Shipments tn November.
. Tee eh!r~»s-.» cf salmon from San Fran-
Cfrc- by s«* in November. 19t»4. were 4irtrib
ilted s* fo'lows:
Plcjs.
T'>— Casef. Salted. Value-'
Ewlvrf 1TO^__ .... $507,574
A.fi!it 1O.674 1.044 5*5.518
Hawaiian If'.and*.. 1.40S 3S6 <».«2
fsmoen If!ar.d« ... 1.144 _O 3.42S
Other Paci2c I«!3-. 2fl2 33 1.324
M'Xicc 15S .... 434
Oentiml America .. 42n l.Mfl
fawth Araerira 2.e*a> 7.6CO
West Indie? 4»» 1.51C
China 1,«51« 8 4.3*5
• Japan ............. M3 % I.kitt
K&n b_S3e_ l.<«4 .... _.S*7
f=outh Africa _»> " .... 7T'5
New- Zealand 4A 4 204
fCoraa 15 CO
_\>w Y<?r_ fW>.747 100 _<"4.033
Totals 191. 51« 1.-53 $S0G.l24
. In Xo\enibfr. 1*jS. the shipn-.er.ti> airrrenated
.•_.N4»i c_s»>* and r4C»* r«ckae«_. valued at
JJ._4_ 170 In that moTith England to«)t lSS.^^
-iNf. velu»^i at $*_1.«14. and i*i._55 ca*«*.
aiued st $344.*tl>. went to Eastern markets
£> fl^ssner v:_ Car* Horn.
St<»ck.s and Cotton.
The VTiiM- street wire* of E. F. Hutton ft
ST«>"I_e— cpeculatlve interest tn the mar
■**t tr-jk a more bullirh tent to-dajr and ther»
v a* r -petty r'neril diypocJtlon to Ignore the «u-
E»r6clal aspects .of the situation in view of
•rnp fact that t!ie lar^e decline recorded during
the last. f»t> we*J_« ha»= jretty tttorpughiy dis
r-)unte4 erpr?thin* unfavorable acd resulted
ir. a readjustment of tive technical position. '
A«r.2 .. ■ .■•■ Coryer went higt^r en rtiort
•'-vr»T?:ig. but traders are inclined to C*ht fhy
cf this stock owls^ to its erratic movements.
".he raarttet cor.tlnues professicnal and • tbe
t>»st feature of the speculation to-day wa# the
o^rreate* in tie volume cf bui-ineM. accom
panied by tte Crmer tore, which sugge«te the
(Jevtlopcner.t cf better confidence and imprcve
irect later oc. We continue to feel very hope
ful about the market and while we do net look
t<j-r any su*t_ined advance, still we believe we
havfc., passr-3 throuph the cri»l«. The market
't l!loe!- to cortlnut nervous aad unsettled and
we do-bt very ranch if it win develop any
thtzar better than a trad'.sg a2air until after
th* t.r*t of the year.
COTTOX — The ur.exj:*ctea weakse?? In Liv
frriocl had a sornemh-at •iepTT^ti^g icfjuence on
the cotton market here t3-<lay. aad. while the
latter was narrow and professional, traders
f--:r:4 co er.co-ragernent t» »ork for a further
raXCr. bat pre;err_J to take advar.taire of a
K>r_ewhat- hither ievel to sell ln a moderate
v.ty. The rpecutatlcn continues <r.tir«-!y pr»
f'?*lor._l ar.d we fa!l to Cad anything in th»>
f:tuaticn that -.o_id induce u* to charge our
joslucr. on the market. aa3 we continue to
fivnr *ca!?in^ operations for moderate tore-.
Ir vh» prese-t eolfl-out condition of the mar
ket the ievelojTsent cf acy favorable feature
woaid cnfloubtedly Indue* eufSclect buying to
fcrtrjr abect *_b«tactlal buying, although at the
c-.o^r.ent ther» is nothing that can be brcagbt
forward Ib favor of acy sustained advance.
T\> are reliably informed that Xew Englnd
.ho«s at*a!-Jte:y np interest in the market
ar.1 kobII r.ot bey in the event of a further
CecUce. "Large ncniber* of these mlllc hav*
cctton bought until July. Cotton at 7^-c w«
fceUeve la a r. --.-.-: for a big crop.
EASTERN* 31ARKETS
\fw York Money Market.
XEW TORK. D*c. 15.^— Money on call steady.
l-«t;3 per cent; clofing bid. 2{_: effered at 3.
Tli*e loers. acd dull: sixty, ninety day*
as.i six occtta. •'■.*. per cent.
. Prime tn«rcatlle paper, 4V»©4* 4 per cent.
Sterling exchange, strong, closing flrm. with
.ctual business ln banker-" bills at $tjj74.%«
♦ <?75 for demand, and at *4.*44.V34.Stt lor
aixry-fiay b!!l».
' f-ost<-d ratre. $4 S5<@4 R5H end $4 8S.
Coo-^nercial bills. $4 S4U.
Ear »Ilv#r. 6OSc.
Xexiran dollar?. 4S^c
Ocrt-erciaect bonds, rteady; ra'.lroad bonji
!rrec_l_r.
Xetr York Stock Market.
' XEW TORK. Dec 15.— The tubeidence of
<yi-lyOy» actlrtty in stocks was \5ry mark*d
to-daj-. the total sales for the day making a
trrsaJler total than .'or several months. A dull
«jid e:uegiEh Btarket ts tbe normal consequence
of rach a ch&k:r« up aa prices have recently
fjrtatocd and the postponement cf this sub
sidence-has been the <^.use of aocae rurprlse.
It was exidect that the urgency of liquidation
»a? sreatly moderated and practically com
_>lete«.',tnit attempts to force prices upward
m»t with continual check*, v T~ae absence of
aay -• ..r_ rreesure left the price level 000
ftantly above la« night and afforded ,
ajreinert to persistent renewals of the advance. ,
At the .cperjing tbe rise •»•_» most pronounced
and the market raost animated, largely en ac
«-i.unt of a rrvenal cf vtevn which caased the >
fharp relapse in ye*terday"« -late mzirket. But I
tbe #ets*ltivene-s thf-j detncsMrated by ' the
roarket to the light currenu of rumor waa an
important factor In begettiri* th* spirit cf can,
tion "Which ruled tfcrougDout. The coura* o!
A-naUramated Copr«r w*s rUJl of domlnar.f In
flu^nr.-e and reactions in the cvur-» of its ad
vance brocsht Quick rwpoaae at other points
tc tt* list.
Th« United State*. Steel stocks, especially
ih- preferred, were steadily accumulated.
ThTfr wrt-e reiw-rt* of very large orders for
lines of finished praducu. including
irteel rails, The taccnriul conclusion cf the
Z^yatcn ««rk market metilra.tnt. about which
ma ; anxiety had been reit. was helpful to
Thi? ptarket. X^gotiati'm* were in projrr-*«
lc<kinj.to rold'tMjwneirU to Beriln acd there
we* a Email engagement for South America,
Mcne;v v:zs eaty. b-ilh for call loan* and en
time.. . and confidence was" f»Jt that with the
Itshreopd demand for *r*»cuUtion tn the etock
market there »u no dancer of any stringency
In the future to far a* descried. The sudden
<-.' r.-'i rav*. rly* it some rarncrs that some
Important development wa* banging over tbe
market such a» a d-cisicn in the Xorthern Se
tniriti'* ca»« or a more defJnit* fcrmulaiion of
th* administration plan of dealing with the
r»r-l_!lon of railroad freight rate*. In the
*amr %•»_-_.» .category was tn* «app»-,rJtion that
mirtinw had betn extended to a financial Jn
rtftmton i*eardirg which rumors y-Bterfiay
--•«J;«-»ed the late rtock market. The,«mceT-
LaUn Sane cf ihe rcarket continued up Xa thf
art. but the cltwin^ »a* rteady and Feme con
■-iiitr«H.!e advances for the day resulted.
Bcc5« t were del! and Irregular. Total sale*,
jar varae. «13._35.0f«).
t.'nttyl ftates bon4s were unchanged en call.
Xew York Stock List.
E. JF. Huttca* Co.. 45>O California • etreet.
: rr> T'ra'nrtroo. rriembT* of th* Xew Y^k
■toriC JTxrhar.pe. fursl.-h the fotlowlnir official
rcrta4i«r>« of the.t Exchange: -
?;!«♦! FTOCKi! IHlgh'Low.fBid. I Aek.
TTT.** A <!«!-* rxrre-s .!. l...;.l'_M • !2W)
gr.tfln'Arnal* Copper ■■ .! «« I 63%l «4H! <MK
. . ..r.'Ant Can Co....J;:..3::..J 1*»U< 10*4
i I* pfd ...... .( I ! 5St_! 53 i
LOOOlAsa Car & Fy Co] 3u-»^ SOU! «0-«i 30 T «
&K> t »o pld I 91 i yoHi W>^! 91
Ojij Am Cotton Oil.".] S5 '3o J a4«^j 35 '
! Do pfd i i i »4 i 95
j Am Dist Tel.-! > \ 3» S *o
liX> Am EUpress ;20S ;208 ,2FS - ;21O
Lloo.Ara Or Twine Co, ll? 4 i 114, 12%i 1-4
3<»)Ara Hide _r L. .| lu>i l»'-%\ 1»^[ 104
600; Do pfd 1 44 j 4341 « i **
&uy; American Ice ...j 8fci 7« fe j 7%j *
40U. Do pfd j 3b 4; S&V«! 3»-\| 39
{Am Linseed ) j ; lSUi 1*
j D« pfd j i i 37 i 41
2._<A'!Am Locomotive. | 314* 31 1-1HI 31%
3<Xri Do pfd il01*4il<Jl ilOl il0_
l,7«y> Am Malt .. ( »Hl " i*\ '* I »H
1.-U0, Do pfd i 27st 27 | 27iij 2S
».«<.«J Am i-ra & Rf Coj lb\[ 7!s , 7s?ii 7*Vs
i Do pfd i .."...,112 1113
-.TOXvAm Sugar llU94il3S4il3»?*il3a
.. v ...l Do pJd : i..:. -1 1137 |14«
..A...;Am Tel _: T Co.| ( ;143 il45
;Am Tob pfd ( 1 ;147 jlSO
Am Woolen ....i.:... i _t«»««l 2i>4
j Do prd j i i »l«i! 93
1 0»O Anaconda jltC4:10U ilw ;103
<,Ann Arbor ' j 32 1 3rt
{ Do pfd 1.....1 j 62 1 6d
2T.WX. A T & S F j S3 j 6_4i »34: *3 s -»
l.«iH.»: Do pfd ; 102 >ii 101*4 ll» ',10-1**
3».«<jO'.Batt * «>hio iluO^I »»V» «*4l
I Do pfd ( ) »5- i 96
JBay Stale Gas..| i %\ *i
e.%0wB R T 594( 58 j 58 j &%**
, Brook Ln Gas...! | 210 ,215
300 Brans D & I....J IIS! Uli HHi HTs
jButterick Co ! 60 j «J
Canada So j 70 [704
JX» Canadian Pac . .|l_9\iil_S»,;l_S»ijl2a^
8.300C A 0 47'ii 46% 46'^j 47
1.3WC 4 A j *J%\ 3JJ*«( 3041 4O4
[ Do pfd j ! 80 j 83
C & E I pfd ltS4'135.
5,3<J0,C i G W. 2_H'-22 i 2- 2-^4
! Do pfd A «4 60
1.500; Do pfd B 35H! 3 * 3<T »
! Do debs j S5H S6
1.000'C &. N W 204 ,202 2034!_C4
10_>K»C M 4 St P 107% 1*5S'1S7 1167U
J Do pfd } i USl 183
18.800% R I4P(n-w)j .-Hi SW< 314! 31%
SV"' Do pfd ; 83*4 : 83 i S3 j 84
I Do 4* - ] • \-S»i\\ S04
7(o'chicago Term... f 12 | U>i| ll^i 12
_s«0; Do pfd ! 21H! 204| 2141 224
SuOChic Un Trac...| 12^i 11V H4| 124
200! Do pfd ....... 444! 444! 44 45
10OC CC & St L..J S9 i S» ! S74 ! S9
iO"ji Do pfd ;ii4 jii4 ui4 (
Cieve L.ir -r W.. . e5 ., SO
I Do pfd i no 'ioo
11.900 Celo Fuel & Iron! 444! 42 3 «! 4-1V t \ 434
I Do rfd 1-....! 85 S7
icoi Hock c &. _-| ;..,..! in%\ ie"4
000 Colo Southern ... 214! 204! 2141 214
700 Do 1« pfd ' 57 i 5C»iv »*;: 37^
OX)' Do 2d pfd '"4 I 3."!4! 3-^4' 344
2.700.OW1*- Gas 2C2*i :20iU » 2<>1 *, '2C2
3.2<X:Cont Tob Co pCd,,l_7-%:127Vi jl_7V1274
1.100 Corn Products .. _*>4; Z'nA SO%\ 21
j Doi'd ..:J!L....| 7S4| 79
15.900'DeI & Hudson... lS54'lS44IS4HilS3
ID L & W ;.»...! ! 32 j 33
1WDA-RO j .» bt . { 29?i! 31
1.3<»> Do pfd ; 89 I S7 [ & i S7>6
:......'Des M A- Ft D..1 ...t 78 1 W
Detroit I'n Ry...' t ~ [ 78
lOO.Detrcit Souihem.l « 5 I 64 CH
2-Xi. Do pfd 2? _7»i| 2S 20
Diamond Match. L'.:..]l3S \l*n
300'Di- Securities ! 37 I 3$*^' Zi"n) 37
i Do Eonda \C | 7S ■ 7SU
iDuluth S S & A.!.. •...' lCHl 12
I Do pfd J ; ( 204! 21
15,4'JO Erie 3tPA"| 354 1 SS4 33%
10t»' Do li?t pfd 74l}i 73V-! T4\\ 74
200 Do 2d pfd 544! 544* 5t '■ 55
2.200 E fc T H j €9 J 65 « ' &i
: Do pfd ! SO 83
Gen Chemical ...I *.j J fill ) 63
• Do rfd I..-...! ill*) |1C2
1.100. Gen Electric ...il84*iilS4 )1S4 I1MR
Great North pfd.i J210 220
Green Conn Cop.l... ..! 25 ! 25 l 4
'Havana Tob Co. .}..'. I S3 i 35
j Do pfd ! 41 i 44
H"0 Hocking Valley.. | 89 S3 8S4i 834
100 Do pfd : S2li S24I 924 83
4.400111 Central j 153U ;l52^il52i« 132U
3.500,Internatl Paper.- 24<i! 23*ii 24M,! 24'i
100! Do pfd 1 764| 7CM 764i 774
Interaatl Power.! I '. :,uC 1:14
Internatl P_mp.| :j..... 40 f 42'
j Do pfd J 84 ! «6
[Iowa Central ..! ! 2S4! 29
' Do pfd ;._.! I 5« 59
:Kanawha & M...! t J .-»« Z7\
200 K C Ft S&M pfd.! S_ fc2 6l*J S2
1.400 K C Southern...! 2»4! 2H 2«4' 29
*00 Do pfd i 52« 4 -i 52 • Z,\it.t r>2
iKeokuk * Des M| 1 15 j 1«
Laclede Gar pfd . j ..... j «*j 91
'Lake K & West. 1 35 ! 37
200 D» pfd ! 9« ',96 9H |ns
.......Ixflg Island ..:.! [ 55 ! C2
23,4W> Louis & Xa_h...|ISS»i|lS«i4 13j»ajil33>.
Zt*J Manhattan .1CJ 1C2 !lC2iW 1(3
MarJiat B^ach...! !... 941 11
4.SO(» Met Securities...! 78 VI ~'> r *t !75| 774
iMet St Ry :12li»!llS%!ll»^iii3*:
Mexican Central.! 2is«! 204 2i"» T il 21'
Minn tc St L .'. .7...J «t | «2
.......I Do l^t pfd !.. 1 S3 ins
ioo:m. et p t s s m 5741 griir S 7 j
Do pfd |i44 1444
1.200MO. Kan A Tex. I 30 204! 29*J 30
300: Do pfd ( 624' CI I 6l' mil
ll.V» Jlissouri Pacific. ilC-C%ilOC4«,il<X^i \0r,K
Nash. C & St L.f 141 145
l.WO'Xatlonal Lead...! 22*; 224 22?1 23 '
! Do pfd I...:.)..;.. 964 £
XU R R Mex pfd 39H 3S%
tOCjXatioral Biscuit.! 57 ! 56'i 564 56%l
•••■_-• Do pfd. 1 115 IIB4
3ro New J»«ey Ceo. 190 189. 189 190
;N T Air Brake.. 154- US
_.700;New Tcrk Cen. .!136U!I3514 136^!l3CH
>* T. C A. St L. !..... 41Uf 424
I Dj 1st pfd ' j HO "jl20'
100 Do 2d pfd I 75 (75 75 j 7S
;Xew York Dock.).....) 1R*4I 24
X V. X H * H.t ; 971L 9S14
4.WX T. Ont & W.l «3% «li 43l;t 434
7.700 Norfolk A West.' 7R?i! 77«i 7S»i 7S4
i I» pfd « .1 ,924 94'
400 Xorth American. M00 llOO 9ft 100
4.S00Xorth*m Sees... 11284 125 I1234 I'M
l 0^ 11 *,; i...J. ..... 154' |l35
' i Do pfd ).'-* !187 189
! O S L 4* ....(.. ilO3»i 1<M
100. Pacific Coa»t....i 78 76 741* T«U
! Do l«t pfd. ...I.. ...I 97 * 105
! Do 23 Vt&.. ...)... .-X.... SO S3U
300'Paciflc Mall ! 42 f 40%t) 41 4l4
2S..V¥> Penn R R Co...! 135 |1334!134S 134?
2.300 People's Gas. ...!lO5J4!lO4«,ilO5^:i«;J»
Pere Manjuette..t i 1 75 1 ba
ip. c. c & st L.t I...:.) 4s I 77
• • Do pfd ! J jxos . |1O6
B0n ; Pressed Steel Car* 374 ?74' 37UI SS
100 Do pfd 1 s*x;l Ifs^i v,,? gj
-OryPoUman Car Co.!235 J234V234 2W
*00 Ry Steel Springs' STiJ! «0 y ;t 3Ui 31 U
I rv> pfd I...;*; w j 9 p
feS.SOf.Reailng 7S-J 77>; 77% 77'i
I r» ut rfd....! ...;.{ sa 9o>|
_«>• Do 2d pfa ]M \S2 81 R2
1.P00 RecnbUc S * I.. I 15'<{ 1441 14Ti« I5ti
I Do pfd.. ] 67»i O641 «7*«i «*
1.700 Rubber Goods... 28..! 254 23% 26«
SCO: Do pfd i 94 I JM J »2 {*«
.; !EJct*. S S & I. .!.."...!. ['59 5!»ix
I Do pfd.... ...... .....I S7 1102
ISt JAG I f ! 15 f 17
..• t Do 1st pfd '.... I 12 I is
.......t .Do 2d pfd I 24 27 .
500 St L*S F 2d pfdi OH 63 (5 1 C5U
2.000 St L & S W ...j 24*1 2* " 244,23
6ff»! Do pfd |.65T,|/.55Ui 644l-__tJ
16.7CX3 Southern Pac .J BHiJ CO 5 *.! «li« «5I<;
...- I Do pfd [U«4iU7»i!m«i US -
C 40o: Southern Ry ... 34H! 33^1 ai»; 34 "v
KOT>; Do pfd ......I 96>'J 95«4 nr.«: or,
'sund-rd on :..! '.:•... Jtso f cxt •
!S_sndard R A T> '■::::.[■. 3*ii 5Ti
3,Cft)Tenn Coal U I..1 CS'i 67»ii b~Ut «7»4
.JTexas P L T Co< ..I 33- 85v
■ 2.2C)0'Texas Pacific ...j 344 3341 33% 83Ts
...."...iThlrd Avenue \J... ....... 131 132 '■
.'.IToUdo R * T no! {..... 22?; EliJ
4Of; Toledo St L & Wj 35^ S3i» 34«ii 354
-1.100' Do pfd Rl>i 51U 50*i Sl'i
4iy>iTwin aty n t. nw 104 104 ics
SOOTnlon Bait & P.I 10'i 10 t 9ft 11
36.40OUcion- Pacific .'.IICSti!107ti 1OS lOS^
! Do Pfd ! 95 f 94*; 05 99
i Do conx- 4» ...1 1074 tf 1 *? 1 *
-.irnlted Copper :~.\ . .- ft 104
lUntted R of S F. 1 . ..... 20 22U
i Do pfd ■ i «7- 66> 6«4 '67
....;..} T*o 4s ,..( £7H 8«
!U S Cast I PImU...: ' I«4 IS
} Do pfd .-.. ...}...'.. 1 77 79
....'.. .iU S Express 1124 125
3«.500U S Leather ...I 17*4 16«i( 1«U 16»4
5.100( Po pfd ..".... |103«i 102 10115102
.;..-...!!; S R * Con p'd!.... ..../.' 7«- 7J»
|U S R&R Co pfd!.....;..... 3« 42 '
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER lfi, 1904.
.^iL S R.«bber j 93 j »1H 304! 31
53.NIO u S Steel Cor...| 2S f 2B* 27>i 27*i
• «.100, Do pfj j *>9^ii ?7^t SS*i( ss%
W0;Va-Car Chem Co; 40^1 40 *! 40i«| 41
'A^^P 0 pfd 112 113
300 . Do pfd j 421 | 42 42 4014
:•! ft>dsb Us ...1 1 66^ 66ij I
jWells Fargo Ex.j...:. .....237 249 I
1.1'«. Western Vnion..| »2^ »2%l 92«4) 93 J
6C«JiV."estlnghouse . . .(17?'i 17S» 178 llSO i
"--! Do 1st Dfd ..190 106 I
t Do 1st pfd .. .)..... 45 4«« <
SOOj Do 2U pfd ... 2em 2« 2.1U 2UU !
l'X! Wisconsin Cen.. 214; 21 U 2li«i 21 4 !
**", I*> Pfd ..:... 44HJ 4i « I 44U j
S'X'.'X'J — Total share* sold. '
New York Bonds.
IT S nt 2s re?. .104HIL & X unified 4s.lO3H |
Do coupon. lC4%Jilaa con gold 4s.fO4>« I
Do 3s res 1044 Mtx Central 4s... 77
Do coupon NH4I Do 1st ir.c..\ .. 23U !
Do new- 4s rejr,13<i-VMinn & St L 4s.. 0«4 \
Do coupon 131 |M. K & Texas is. 100 '
Do old 4* re(r.lC5»i! Do 2ds 85 ;
Do coupon 108?4{XR of Mex ccn 4s 81 3 i
Atch gen 4s.; 102"*iX Y C gen 34S.IO04
Do adj 4« ft4HlN J C gen ,5s 13d
Atlantic C L 4s. <ia* 4 !Xor Pacific 4s 105V',
Bait & Ohio- 4s..ie-»ii; Do 3s 75 14
Do 34s .t »6 IXor i W con 4s.ll!0^i
Central of Ga os.lll IC&IJ 4s & i.artie.lOI«i
Do 1st ine 91 |Pa eor.v 3^s K>2H
Ch*"* & Ohio 4v.js.107 Huading gen 4s. .102^
Chi & Alton 8%a. S2 !5 L & I M con 5S.110H
C. B & Q new 4s.HiO !S L & S F fg 4a. S3Vs
C.M & PP gn 45.111 »iisi Louis S^%' lsts. CS
C & XTV con 7*.1?0 iFtaboard A L 4s. filii
C. R I & Pac 4a. SOUlSo Pacific 4s 93"i
Do ool Ba AT (=o Railway 5s Il»t;
C.C.r & SLgn 4S.101 ITex & Pac lsts.. 119,
Chi Term 4* S3 |Tol. St L & W 4s. 8.1U
Cons Tcbacco 4j. 70 IX'r.ion Pacific 49.1<*;*4
Colo & So 4s S3*;; Do ennv 4? 105%
C F & I con 5?. Nttu S Steel 2d 5s.. noC
n. n & Rio G 4s.I02 IWabs^h Jsts 117
Erie prior Men 4«=.lfH4! Do <i*b B W\' t
r^o ren 4» fllSIW & T, Erie 4s .. Su
F W g, r> C l8t».107*ilVas Central 4s .. 924
Hock Val 44?...ltiv;!
>>*f^v York Mining Stocks.
Adams Con 20 Little Chief 05
Alice 60iOntario 3 50
| r «*c« ISOphir 3 20
Brun* Con lOPhoenlx C3
Com Tunnel CSiPotosi 13
Con Cal & Va... I 65 Savage 22
Horn Silver 1 .%5 Sierra Xevada.... 45
Iron Silver 1 SOlSmatl Hopes 28
Lea^vlile Ccn O2:star.iard 1 60
Boston Stock« and Bonds.
Money— | r s Steel.. 1 27^
Call loan* ....Si,flif.i Do «>fd £$4
Time loans ...4 ©5 | Westing Common. M
B^nds— I Minbig—
Atchfson 4s lf>l%;A(3v€nture 5U
' Do «dj 4s a-l34(Al!oi;*z IT*,
Mex Central 4s... 7.'. lAmal Copper .... «4U
Railroads— |Amer Zinc 12i]
Atchison «»iiAtlantlc IB
PM lr.l^iBingham 3::\4
Boston * Albany.^lVCalumet & Hecla.(i45
Bostnp & Maine. HH ICentenrflal 24»:
Bcston El*v 133 ICoppct Range ... ««
FUchburg pfd 13J»«-;iDa!y West 1»
M *« Central 2C4'Oora Coa! m
N T. X H & H..1SW (Franklin 104
Pere Marquette.. . 75 tGrancy 41?
Lnlcn Pacific 107*i'I«;e Eovale 23?
HiPcellaneoi:?— (Mas* Mining S«
Amer Ar?e Ch^m. 21 (Michigan pi;
.°o PM s« 'Mohawk v>'A
Amer Pr.eu Tub?. StjiMont Co«l A Ccke 414
Amer Sugar 13S*;!Old Dominion ... 24 U
D p.M 1.-V! lOsceola 9114
Amer Tel * Tel. I«U' Parrot ?r
Amer 'Woolen 1»"i'Ouincv !.W*
Do "fd r.? i^hannnn ...!.!!!] «t;
Dem rron * ?... l«ii v iTam«rack 11.-.
~4 F'»rt THum..2.".? (TrinUv i|-.v
G-n FV-trlc ....1S.1 |C P Mining!! '.'.'.'. 2|il
V»« r* 1 "'-tric 14 in 8 Oil io: ?
Do rM fil H'tah .." ;;;.' 42ti
Msk* G*« sti;: Victoria 414
T n:f»"1 Fruit 105 (Winona u
In Shn« Marh... .'»n | Wolverine ICt'i
Do nfd > r.-\ U 1 ' t .
tendon Stocks.
Cons money... P7 JS-lB'y Y Centra!... 139'
Do acct ....« 1-lCXor * We-tern..! ! «HJ
Anaconda 5>«r Do P M _ . . . . n4
&;^M t?^» !° rl *' w «tern.:: 14%
P,^. r " ;■■. lP4f. Penrsylvania *»M
Rait & Ohio T02U!Rand Mines ll£
Car. Pacific 132 1, !Rp S din«r Sfl£
Ch! Mil A St P. 171 [So ,R«Jlway ...... :u?Z
De. B*«r« : iri;i Do C M * «i«i
D<f " *,^ l ° G ■ • M i ? " Pac^sc ;..:;■ o-&i
E? l*--; 3«*»! Do nfd n-14
Oo ' « rfd 7',*i \XJ S St-el 'i '
Da 2-1 rfd B!LH1 Do rfd v wh
T1! Cer.tr«l ...l.V, (W«bash ., ?1 u
u^/: N«n....HI ! Do .>fd 4-.'
M. K * Tex»<t... SO^U^ttiilrh 4« m
Ear sliver— Steady; 27 l.Vltd per' ounce
Money— 14^2^ per. cent
mo°«h, "b!H',*V?§ c pi;' r t. cent ftnJ for three
Condition of the Trea«urr
WASHIXGTOX. Dec. lS.-To-dayV .t«t-
Xew York Cotton Market
XEW TOP.K. Dec. 15-COTTOX-Vuture,
mp!r.r^f. IO S. gS& D » SC:
ua^. UtU^i ClOS^ ; te * dy - D «^«ber. 765c: Jan-
A?.i -ti : T Febl "^ ar >-. 7.9.-*; March. 7.7«c:
JU^- 795C : : July " fj Au^«- «SJ
Xew York Copper Market.
«i X^i^ TO f K^ Dec - 15 — "COPPER— Quiet,
$14 «*g 15. Lead, quiet and unchanged
Xew York Grain and Produce
XEW TORK. Dec 15.— FLOUR— Receipts
13.900: exports. 100 barrels. Dull -but steady
WHE-^T-Recelpts. 31,000 bu^heU loot,
firm: Xo. 2 red, nominal; Xo. 3 red. $i is to
b. afl.-at; Xo. 1 northern Duluth, *1 22 vi f o.
b. afloat: Xo. 1 hard Manitoba, nominal i o.
b. afloat. Options — Speculative, demand beinr
more urgent to-day, wheat acted stronger ad
vancing nearly a cent per bushel on lighter
receipts a bullish priced-current report, better
southvresft ca«h demand and rood bull sup
port. Final prices showed »ic to «ic net ad
vance May. $1 ll«i@l 12*,. closed «11^-
t?oZrt*\? U 91 °* % - Cl0Se<1 |X W^Tme^r
HOPS — Quiet.
H I DES — Steady.
WOOL. — Firm.
- PETROLEUM— Easier.
SUGAR— Raw, firm; refined, firm.
COFFEK— Futures closed 5 point* higher
Rales. 1 23. COO tags. including: December'
7 2C<; January. 7 25c: September. 8 126* 15c :
O;tobo r, 8 20c. Spot Rio. steady; mild flrm.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market Is
quiet, but firmly held within the quoted range
Common are quoted at 344744c: prime at 4H&
4%c: choice at 5ff."i4c; fancy, 6@6U C
PRUNES— Are light in demand so far as
th<r lecal market for spot supplies Is con
cerned, but prices hold steady, ranging from
2c to Cc for California fralt. -
APRICOTS — Are unchanged, both as to prices
ard trade conditions. Choice are held at 10c
extra choice. H' L 5 fellc: fancy. 114915c.
PEACHES — Are quiet, but well held at9V4@
»H for choice: 0*i©10U for extra choice, and
104611c for fancy.
The Product Exchange will be closed De
cember 24, 28 and January 2.
>"ew York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. 15. — The London tin mar
ket crntinued firm, but was much less «xcited
and t!*e net eairts were small. Spot closed
at £13*1 2s 6d and futures at £131. Locally
the market was quiet. Demand is not mater
ializing at the advance asked as a result cf
the London strength, and tome holders showed
an inclination to grant concessions. Spot is
quoted at |2»«29 60.
Copper was a little lower In London, clos
ing at £63 15s for spot sad £66 2s ed for fu
tures. Locally the market Is more or less
nominal. Broadly speaking, quotations range
from $14 75 to $15 12>4 for lake, but the high
er Ssure Is extreme and |15 for the outside
would seem to better . represent the mar
ket. Electrolytic Is quoted at $14 75fll5: east-
Ing at $14OO«fl4 75. W
• Lead closed at-f4.6O@4 70 locally, while it
was ft little lower- at £12* 15s In the London
market.
".Spelter waa unchanged at $5 75O5 S7U In
New York and »t £25 In London.""
- The Iron market was unchanged at 62s 6d i
In Glasgow and at 47b 9d at Mlddlesboro Lo
.cally demand i« less active. No. 1 foundry
northern. No. ! 1 foundry southern and No 1 |
soft are Quoted at $1 7ft 17 00; No. 2 foundry 1
northern at $16 5»gl7. |
CHICAGO BOARD OF TRADE,
Future Grain and Provisions. I
CHICAGO, Dec. 15.— Irrtsponelve cables and
rerorte or excellent harvest weaiher In , Ar- I
gratlne caused considerable selling of wheat
at the opening. A* m result «entlment In tht
pit was rather weak. - Initial quotations on
May were a shade to '18'ic lower at *1 CD-v«i
1 09%. Aa an offset to the bearish influence. !
however, receipts In the Northwest were again I
extremely . light and prospects of aa Increasad
movement were said to be very meager. -'A
message ' from Minneapolis . stated that indica
tions pointed to & sharp falling off of receipts
Inasmuch . a» several large . elevator companies
In" that section had stopped' shipments. Fol
lowlng higher prices for wheat to-day , la
Northwestern markets many Minneapolis com
mission houses were active buyers here. This
started free covering by local shorts. With
only moderate dfferings prices gradually ad
vaticsd. Later In the day the strength wai'
•ccontuated by reports from ,the Southwest
assorting an impending scarcity, of wheat for
milling purposes. Advices from Kansas City
quoted . one of the most prominent millers In
Kansas "as saying the mills of that State have
only sufficient wheat to lasi fifteen . days.
May rose t» $1 11. closing •with a gain of
9S<g:4c at *1 H>S-
Perslstent buying cf the May .delivery by
a prominent elevator concern was the feature
cf trading In com. May closed %c up at 45e.
Oats were firm. May closed %e higher at
Notwithstanding liberal receipts, of hogs the
provision market %was firm.- At the c!o*-» May
pork was up 12Vi6"15o. l ard was a *hade higher
and ribs showed a gain of 5c.
The leading future* ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low; Close.
Wheat Na. 2 —
December 1 07U 1 07!* 1 07 1 07»i
May 109"% 1 11 1 C«H .1 ION
July 8$H 99^ &i%. 89% I
Corn Xo. 2— ',
D-cembor 43 »i "< s 45- 45^'
May ....'. 44Vi 45H -44fi 45 !
July Vt5 45H - 45 45*i '
Oats Xo. 2 — ■ • j
December 2$*i 29** 2S«4 29
May V3O7V 31 H S0\ 31 «* ;
July.. S0* t 31H ; - 30V . 3li» j
Mess Pork, p»r bbl — .
January 1^40 fc 55 12 40 12 65
May..* VJ 75 12 00 12 72 H 12 90
Lard, per 100 lbs —
January « <v"» « ST'4 6 S5 6 S»7}»
May 7 10 7 15 7 07*4 7 15
She rt Ribs, per 1«> lbs—
January ". « 45 6 50 8 42H 6 50
May.." t> 75 6 SO 6 72J, 6 SO
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, Dec. 10. — Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour, steady: Xo. 2 spring wheat, j
$1 O-Mtjl H; Xo.-3. 9*c<a*l 13: Xo. 2 red. Jl 14** !
«i?115»i: Xo. 2 corn. 43>«i<rt6c: Xo. 2 yellow. ;
45>i«J4o'ic; Xc. 2 oats. 20V»c; Xo. 2 white. 3»
@3l^c: Xo. 3 white, 2!>S31c; Xo. 2 rye. 73c; ]
good feeding: barley, 37«i3Sc: fair to choice '
malting, 4l«4<*; Xo. 1 flaxseed. $1 16; Xo. 1 [
Northwestern, f 1 24; mess pork, per barrel.
$11 L'oglr 35; lard, per ICO lbs.. $9 82%; short
ribs Bides (loose). $•> 25®6 50: short clear sides
<boxed). $*> 62VsS?6 75; .whisky,' basis of high
! wires. $124; clover, contract grade, £12 50.
; Articles — Receipts. Shipments. .
: Flour, barrels 32.700 28.100
; Wheat, bushels... •... S4.3»X> 41.000
j Corn, bushels 476,100 205.SC0
! Oate, bus!iel« 121.500 12T.700
! Rye. bushels -3.C0O 3.000
I Barley, bu?hels... ; 62,800 20.500
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
I CHICAGO. Dec. 15. — On the Produce E\-
I change to-dav the butter market was steady.
Crearoorles. ICfjjtMc; dairies. l«5$-22c. Egsrs.
easier at mark. 20%ff25c« firsts 25c, prime
firsts 27c, extras 23c. Cheese, steady, 11® 12c.
CATTH,. SsHKEP AND HOGS.
■ Clilcago.
CHICAGO. I>sc. 15. — CATTLE: — Receipts.
I 9(.^W: steady to lower, flocd to prime steers,
; $'"®7 25: poor to me<lium. ?:J75§5 75; stockers
■ and feeders, $-§ 1 10. cows and heifers, ?1 4!.'-_j
i 3; cannere'. $iaC.@2 30; bulis, $2^3 90; calves,
! *»«7.
j HOGS — Rectipts, to-day. 33.000: to-morrow,
1 M.0C0: mwket strong. Mixed and butchers',
i St .".5*14 .i7^: good to choice heavy, $4 509
14 65: rough" heavy, t4.afi4 4O; light. $4 25^
( 4 45: bulk of sales, fl 40"g4 55.
1 bHEEP— Rt-ccipts. 1S,«j<Xi; steady; lambs
luring. Good to choice wethers. $4 50^5 75;
ted to choke mixed, S0S4 60: western
« ffietf>, $3 5(V&«: nativ* Iambs, $5® 7 20; west
ern lambs, ».".</?". 85.
Omaha.* ,
OMAHA, Xeb.. Dee. 15. — CATTLE — Receipts,
1 3CC0: lower. Xctive steers, $"i 25'g6 25: coxrs
I an1 heifers. ?2 SOT:'', So: western steers. 52 JK>&
4 7*>: Texas etiers, -<2 7.W 3 75: ransre cows and
' fcr'fei? $2 :!Cfi3 5": canners. $15C-#2 25: stock
\ er» and feeders. $2 609369; calves, $3@5 50;
' balls and fcta^s. *2S4.*
jfOGS — Receipts. 10.0CO; steady. Heavy.
■ $*.'i5'Ji42U: niixt-d. S4S7ue4 4O: light. S4 40
' «f4 45 r iys $4tJ4 40; bulk of sales, $4 3« >-v
! 4 «2»*! ' " '
SHEEP — Receipt* 4500: active. Western
'■ %-^^rImgs. *4 75S5 55; wethers, $t 5ofl4 !K):
I ■ «wea, 54«.4'e5: .common end stockers, $2 506
j 4.*.0; lambs. ?5g6 40. ,
Knn«as City.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. Dec. 15.— CATTLE—
} R«-.eipts. *>T,0*); steady. Native steers. $1 St^
: tt.'O- r.ativc ' effws r.nd heifers, $175^3 25:
stockers and feeders. $2 5(*§4 15: bulls. $2S4:
■ calves. Ki*J« 2i: wertern steers. $365; west
ern cows $1 75©3 60.
HOGS— R*ee;p«. t»C0O; steady to 5c lower.
Bulk of sales. $4 45^4 50: heavy, $4 5O#4 57H:
1 packet-, S4 35^4 50; pigs and lights. S3 75«f
j 4 45.
SHEEP — Receipts. 3C0Q; strong. Muttons.
SlftS; lambs. MS06650; range wethers, $»©
' 5 25: fed «wc.». $3 7^1X4 :?0.
SlISCELLAXEOUS 3IARKETS.
\ Foreign Futures. & a
LIVERPCOC *
Wheat — - March. May.
■Opening - 7 3»i 7 3H
(Closing 3H . 3S
PARIS.
Wheat — • Dec. Mar. -June.
lOpening 23 RO 25 00
{ Closing 23 70 24 05
j Flour — ' ' , ■ -
Opening 31 ST. 32 50
j Closing 31 30 32 45
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST LOUIS Dec. 15. — Wool steady; medium
grade* combing and clothing. 22629c; light.
fine. 189224c; heavy. fine, 14fflSc; tub
washed. 27g41c. '
Xorthern Wheat Market.
OREGOX.
PORTLAXD. Dec. 15.— WHEAT: Export-
Walla Walla. Sic; Biuestem, S5c. Milling-
Walla Walla, S5c; Biuestem. SS^flOc; Valley.
S7c. Eastern basis— Walla Walla. 838«c;
Biuestem, 80c.
WASHIXGTOX.
• TACOMA. Dec. 17. — WHEAT— Unchanged.
Biuertem. S>*c; Club. Kc.
Xorthern Business.
PORTLAND, Ore.. Dec 15.— Clearings,
9C32.21O: balances. $7S.71S.
TACOMA. Wash.. Dec. 15.— Clearings. $529,
117: balances, $46.45S.
SEATTLE. Wa»h.. Dec. 15. — Clearings, $709,
417: balances. $77.O«. ■ '
SPOKANE. Wash.. Dec. 15. — Clearings.
$464,2S9; balances, $00,130.
LOCAL 3IARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion. '
, ■ A firmer feeling Is developing in Sterling
Exchange. Otherwise there Is nothing new. i
LOCAL.
• Sterling Exchange. Mxty days.. $4 «4%;@ _
Sterling Exchange, sight 4 S7%$ —
Sterling Exchange, cables '. 4S8 $ -
New York Exchange, eight.... Par <$ —
X. T. Exchange, telegraphic... 02H@ —
Silver, per ounce 60% ij — ;
Mexican Dollars - 40^§ 50
IXTERXATIOXAL. • T""'^.
Xew York on Parts 3.15f>
Xew Tork on Mexico 204
Paris on Lotidon. 29.15}, i
BerUn on London 20.364
\\1ieat and Other Grains. ;.
■vTH EAT— Foreign futures were weaker.
Chicago was higher. This market was . firm
but quiet, with the cash grain unchanged and
futures somewhat higher.
The Chicago Record-Herald says: "English
grain dealers say there is no possibility of the
United States ever doing an expert trade In
I Wheat with them again. They are getting all
the Wheat they want from Russia the River
Flatte, Argentina and India." Said C. F.
Hately: "They are now being simply over
whelmed with Wheat from other ■ countries.
! The Russian Wheat ts excellent. Is generally
softer than ours, but not as well liked. Xatur
ally the millers are doing a big business and
alt are making money. We will not be able
to do much ln a speculative way in Wheat
with any of the foreigners. They are afraid
of -our markets and see the possibility of much
higher prices here through manipulation and
because of the small proportion of good quality
■ of Wheat here." . , .
CASH WHEAT. . \
California Club, $1 43ffl 524; California
White Australian. $1 60@l 62^; Xcrthern
Club $1 50£l 52^. «lth none offering; North
ern. Biuestem. $1 eOfil 6C«4; Northern Red.
$1 47H per cU.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11 :30 a. m, t
Open. High. Low. - Closa.
May $ 1 45 J, $1^40*4 $1 45U $1 45ti
Open! High. Low. close.
May ,...:.. .$1 45U $1 45*^ $1 45»i , $1 45*
BARLEY— As will be seen ln the first
column a foreign order for about 2000 tons haa
! Just been ailed, presumably for the Orient.
I Perhaps the Increased buying due to the filling
of this order is what has advanced ihvmar
ket. which Is a fraction as will be
seen. The feeling is now firm. Futurea ar«
ateo somewhat higher.
- CASH BARLET.
Fted $1 10@l 13*i: ! Brewing and Shipping.
$1 I5«i 17H: Chevalier. $1 15©1 20 per cU.
,..;■.,.- FUTURES. ,.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. ra. . :
. . Open-. High. ' Low. Close, i
May $1^0* $110 $l»u $1 C3H
December ... 1 12H 1 12% 1 12V, 1 1214
2 p. m. Session.
May— $1 09U : btd. .
OATS— A large foreign order of 2000 tons
has Just been filled, as will be seen In the first
column. The market rules flrm and any fur
! ther demand, dealers say.^would doubtlt&s ad
j vance prices. :"TT» local Inquiry la quiet. t:
White. $1 V2^'ul STVii Surprise. $1 SZQi eo-
Red for feed. $1 32U,m 45 for Xo. 1 and
$1 22^61 SO. for. No. 2; extra fine for seed.
$1 42H61 50; Black; $1 3091* 35 'for feed and
$1'4361 82 H for «eed. ' . .
-. CORN— There Is mothing new to report. Of
ferings on. 'Change, continue to • Increase slowly
and ■ the market Is quiet and easy. ' ".
-Western sacked. $1 40©l 45 for Yellow,'
White and Mixed; California large Tello-r.
, $1 40#l 43; small round do. II 65®1 SO; White.
$1 40©l 45; Egyptian. *l 35^1 374 forWhlte
?1 17461 _u for Brown. /
RYE— *1 40@l 45 per cU.
BUCICVyHEAT— $1 50©l 75 per ca
Floor and 3HIlstuffs.
A large foreign order for Flour has just been
filled, as will be seen ln the first column.
FLOUR — California Family Extras. $4 80®
ft 10, usual terms; Bakers' ' Extras, $4 7C©5;
Oregon and Washington Jobbing at $4g4 50
per bbl. ~
Ml LLSTUFFS— Prices in packages are u
follows: Graham Flour. (3 25 per. 100 lba;
Rye Flour. $3 25: Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour.
S7; Corn Meal. *2 50r extra cream do. $3 60;
Oat Meal. ?4; Oat GroaU, '?4 25; Hominy.
J3 6CS3 55; Buckwheat Flour $4 25; Cracked
Wheat. S3 75; Farina. $4;' Whole Wheat
Flour. S3 50; Rolled Oats bbls. $8 75@7 50; ln
sacks. 1425; Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas. I
boxes. $5 50; Green Peas. $5 50 per lOO'lba.
! Hay and Feedstuffs.
j As mentioned yesterday.- there have been for J
! a week quiet tips of a foreign order for a/!
' large amount of Hay in -this market. - Tte j
I tips turned out correct, as some 2C0O tons,
• have just been purchased, supposedly for Ja-. I
• pan, as will be Tieen in the first column. Thi». j
j of. course. Is distinct from the Government
! order now being advertised. If this foreign
business be renewed, dealers look for an im
proved market. At present It is quiet and
more or lees weak.
There. Is no further change in "Feedstuffs.
BRAX— $20«22 per ton
MIDDLIXGS-**25e2S per ton.
SHORTS— $20^22 per ton. - U -
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $24g24 50per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. S31 50©32 50;
jcbblrir. S33; Cocoanut Cake. $23fi24; Cocoa- j
Wit Meal. *24«?25: Corn Meal. *31 50832: |
| Cracked Corn. J32g32 50; Mixed Feed. $220
-J23; Horse Beans. $30®40 . per ton; Broom
; Corn Feed 80c per ctl."
i HAY— Wheat. $9j?14 50: Wheat and Oat.
j rH?13 50; Oat. fO© 12; Barley and Oat. $«gio;
j Volunteer Wild Oat *7©10; stable. 1*810:
stock. $5 5O@7; Clover. $7610; Alfalfa, J9S12
' per ton.
STRAW— 354?60c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Previous prices are quoted with business
dull.
r BEA.XS— Bayos $2 50#3; Pea, $3«3 50;
■Butter, J3s?3 23; small White. S3S3 35;
I la/ge White. $2 4C©2 t»: Pink. $2 73g3 50;
j Red. t4 25<§4 50; Lima. J4 J0«4 20; Red Kld
i neys, $3 50@4: Blackeyes. t2 SO per ctl: Horse
' Beans. SI S5@2 40. . -
SEEDS — Brown Mustard nominal— no go«d
lots offering: Yellow Mnstard 3H©3%c; Ftai, ,
*2€2 75: Canarj'. 6Hc; Alfalfa. 12%©13c;
! Rape. l*»€2Hc: Timothy 5%c: Hemp. 3H©
•3%c per lb; Millet 2ViS3%c; Broom Corn
• Seed. *2Cg2l per ton . !
; DRIED PEAS— Xlles. $1 75@2 50; Green
j Peas. $1 75§2 50 per ctl. . I
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
. The Potato market was firm for strictly
fancy table 'kinds and higher prices were '
• asked for the best offerings of river and Pa- i
I Unas Burbanks. Low-grade river Burbanks j
; were still abundant, although receipts were ;
! lighter and prices for that class - of goods j
I showed no improvament. Onion- were quiet, ;
! the h!gh prices having checked th* demand, j
; but quotations •«» rr- unchanged.
i Southern vegetables w«re generally- steady,
• Tomatoe*, particularly being firm, with stocks
! very light. Stocks of Garlic were closely
t cleaned up and available supplies were firm'.y
! held at eharply advanced prices. Mushrooms
j were in increased supply and cheap. Hothouse ]
! Cucumbers were offering again. A small ship,
j ment that came ln on the preceding day sold
Lat $2 t«r doien and some that arrived yester
day were offering at $1*21 50 per dozen as to
. size.
I POTATOES — Burbanks from the river 400 ,
:75c p*r ctl; Salinas Eurbanks. $1 lOgl 45 peri
! ctl; Oregon Burbanks 75c£|l 10 per ctl: River j
j Reds. 60«f?70c per ctl: Early Rose. ?1 1C21 25 i
: per ctl; Sweet Potatoes, eC@S5c per ctl.
OXIOXS— $2 4!'«"J C5 per ctl.
VEGETABLE3 — Green Peas. 4S6c per lb;
j Siring Beans, 5g 7c per lb: Wax Beans. tVgSc;
'Lima Beans. »>c per lb: Tomatoes. *1®1 50 per,
, box or crate: Summer Squash, S5<-8J1 per box; j
i Cabbage 60c per ctl ; Carrots. 75c per s-ck ; I
: Garlic «5Vi©7c per lb: Egg Plant. 5@7c per lb j
i for southern: Dried Peppers, nominal; Green !
[ Pepperr. 50<875c per box: Mushrooms. 10515c i
! per lb; Marrowfat and Hubbard Squash, ivf 10 ]
; per ton. . j
i ■ ■ i .' !
Poultry and Game.
' The Poultry market was liberally supplied '■
\ with all descriptiOM. A car of Western stock '
j was on ::ale and the receipts from dome?tlc ;
! points were 67 coops. Trade in large yo-ng .
' chickens was quite active, but prices showed ,
, no Improvement. Dressed Turkeys were lower.
• the receipts being large, and the demand light, j
Xlnety-five case* came in. Game met with a j
I brisk demand and all Wild Ducks were
! higher.
! POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys 20*5230 per
i lb Live Turkeys. l«<g20c per lb: Geese, per
I pair *2#2 25: Goslings. $2 25fc2 CO; DuCVb. ,
i $5£t5 50 per dozen for old and $6@S ,'i» for ,
young; Hens. $404 50 for small and ?5@5 50
far large; young Rooster*. $5@5 50; old Roos-';
ters. $4g4 50; Fryers. $4®4 50; Broilers. $2 50 !
£3 60: PlB«»ons »l 25; Squabs. J2S2 50. »
GAME— Mallard Duck*. $2 5Ct«3 per dozen;
Canvasbark. $-":§4: Teal. $1 25«1 50: Sprig.
$1 5C«2 50: Widgeon. *1 25@1 50; Red Head?,
'52: small Duck* %l 25©1 50; Gray Geese. %29\
1-2 50- White Geese Slfil S»: Brant. -5102: !
' Honkers $3^5; Snipe. $2 50 for English and j
! SI 50 for common; Doves. $1 25; Hare. $1 5O# j
j 1 75: Rabbits, $2 for Cottontails and $1 50 for
! Brvsh.
Butter. Cheese and Eg$;s.
Receipts of Butter for the past twenty-four
; hours were the largest for some time, and as
the demand continues slow the market Is
! quoted easier in consequence, though quota- !
i tiens remain unchanged. Cheese also remains j
' unchanged.
i The supply of ranch Eggs about equals the i
; demand, hence prices stand without change. (
The market Is uninteresting and without feat-
I ure at the momenta
I Receipts were 75,700 lb* Butter, 503 ca«ef>
I Eggs and 20.0C0 Ibjs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands. 23c
! for extras and. lQ@22s for lower to medium '
i grades: dairy. 17©19c; cold storage, nominal;
1 store Butter 10©14c: Eastern cubes, nominal;
I Eastern ladle- packed. 15-S 16c.
CHEESE— Utm%e fcr choice mild new and :
SfilOc for old: cold storage. lO'-ieilc; Young j
Americas. 12«12Hc; Eastern. 10©15c per lb.
i EGGS— Ranch. 36*S40c.for good to fancy and
30G3Se for common: cold storage. 25@3f!c; I
Eastern 25€2Sc for choice. 22#2»c for stand
ards and 19©-lc for second*. i
Deciduous and Cltrns Fruits.
Two cars of Cape Cod Cranberries arrived
a day or «o ago and were rejected by the Re
ceiver as not being up~Td sample. One was
aent to Los Angeles and the other Is offering
here at from $fi to $5 per barrel, according to
quantity. First-class itock shows no change.
but the market is well supplied with the.
goods Prices of other fruits had but slight
variation. Apples moved freely, particularly
the medium grades, hut Citrus fruits were
quiet at the old quotations. Grapes and
Strawberries wer« in limited supply and
cleaned up readily at good price*. There waa
nothing new to report in the other fruits. .
STRAWBFRRIES — $10 per chest for Lone
worths and $3 50^8 for the large varieties.
CRAXBERRIES— $»811 per bbl for No.. 1
and »08S for Inferior Eastern and $2 75®3 per
box for Coos . Bay.
APPLES — »Cc©$l 25 per box for fancy and
50i?S5e for common toi choice; Lady App!«s,
' $1 75S2 25 per box.
PEARS— Winter XeJlls. $1 50S1 75 per bo_r
cooking varieties. f>Oc€$l x>er box.
PERSIMMONS— 5O&C5C per box.
GRAPES— Jl per crate.
CITRUS FRUITS — Oranges. Navels. $1©2 per
box- Seedlings 75cS$l: Tangerines. 75c for
small and $1 for large boxes; Japanese
Mandarins. $1@1 25 per box; Lemons. »2 5Og2 75
f*r fancy $1 75®2 25 for choice and $1®1 50
f$r standard*: Grape Fruit. $17592 50; Mexi
can Limes. $4 per cace; ' Bananas. $233 per
bunch for Central American and $1$_ for #a
waliam Pineapples, $1 50®3 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins, Honey.
FRUITS— Apricots. 8611c ' for Royals and
10@12Hc for Moorpartts; Xectarlnes, 6Vj©7Hc
for White and 6Vit?7c for Red; Peaches. 7%©
8%c- per Ib; Pears ~@12c; Plums, pitted, b'ij
6Hc for blacks, 7tf©6Uc for red and 7gSHc
for yellow; Figs. 2-crown bricks. 50c; S-crown,
55c; 4-crown. ©)c; 6-crown. C5c: bulk white,
2*;G3c: black. 2^»65%c; Evaporated Appl*s,
4^©«*»c per lb.
PRUXES— l«»£l*;c per lb for th« four alaes
and 2 He basis for the large sixes.
RAISIXS— 1801 crop t. o. b. Fresno*-Ira
perial clusters. $2 25tr2 50: Dehesa, $1 300
X 35; London Layers. 65c9$l: Loose Muscatels.
4-crown, 5^5>«c; 3 -crown. 4 Vic; 2-crown .5©
3^c: Seeded. 4«4@8c; Thompson's Seedless.
4 1 ,fi4Uc: Seedless Sultanas. 3f25c per lb.
XUTS — Walnuts, Xo. 1 Mftsbell. 12§13c; No.
2. 10@llc: Xo. 1. hardshell. 12c; Xo. 2. 10c;
Aimonde 16^17c for Nonpareils H^UUc fcr
I X L i3H©14*ic for Ne Plus Ultra and lie
for Languedoc: Peanuts. 6$7c for Eastern;.Pe
cans,. 11613c; CocoanuU. $4 5065; Chestnuts,
&4iU oer Ib for Italian. - . .
HOXET— Comb. ll^ClSe for white and -103
lie for amber; water white extracted. 54 @6c:
light amber extracted, dark, 334Hc.
■ BEESWAX— 27S28C per lb. . •
Provisions. .
- There was a report yesterday that a large
line of .Provisions had been purchased for the
Orient, presumably, for Japan. Othej-wlse there
Is nothing -new.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. lOtfc per lb for
heavy, lO^c for light medium. 13c for light,
14o for extra light and 14»$e for sugar-cored;
dry Salt Hides, 10c: Bellies, lie; Eastern su
gar-cured Hams; 12 to 14 lbs. 12^c; '- 15 to
16 U». 12*. 17 to 20 Ib«. ll«{c: California
Hams. 11 ftc; Mess Beef.. $10010 50 per bbl;
extra Mess. $10 50011; Family. $12912 50;
prime Mess Pork. $14 60; extra clear. $_S;
Mess, $16 SO; Pig Pork,. $25; Pigs' Feet. $5;
Smoked Beef. He per lb. . >' r •' .'
• LARD — Tierces quoted at : 6Hc per Ib for
California compound. 7c for Eastern compound
and 9c for pure; half-barrels, pure, 9i;e; 10-
Ib tins. 8«tc; 5-Ib tins. 9 T 4c: 3-lb -tins - 10c.
COTTOLEXE— One half - barrel. S*»c; thr«- I
half barrels 8Hc; one tierce. 8*jc; two tlereea.
8iic; five tierces, 8^c per lb.
» '
Hides, Tallow. Wool and Hops. t
HIDES AND SKIXS — Culls and brands se'J
about H91c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steera. lie: medium. 10c; light. BHQlOc: Cow |
Hides. 9tiei0c for heavy »nd 9Vfc$10c for |
light; Stngs. 7©7Hc: Salted Kip. lOHc: Salted ;
Veal. llGllHc; Salted -Calf HH912Hc: dry'
Hides, 17H91Sc; dry Kip. 15c; dry Calf. 20=; j
Sheepskins, shearlings. 253 »0c each; short'
Wool. 5OCP75C each f medium. 90c^$l 10: loag \
Wool. $1 25gl 75: Hcrse Hides, salt. $3 for •
large and $2 50 for medium $1 5062 for small ,
and 50c for OJlts: Horse Hides, dry. $1 75 for
large and $1 50 for medium, • 1 for small. 50c '
for Colts. Buck Skins — Dr,y Mexican. SCc: dry ■
salted Mexican, 25c; dry • Central American.
3Oc: Goat Skins— Prime Angoras. 75c:. extra
large do $1 25; large. SCc; medium. 35c;
small 20c.
TALLOW— Xo. 1 rendered 484H<5 P«r lb;
No. 2. 3*ie; Grease. 2H©3c.'
' WOOL— Fall clip— San" Joaqnln and South
ern. 9«llc; Southern. 839c; Southern Moun
tain. 9«llc: Middle Ceuntles. - free. l?t»14c,
(do defective 10612c; Xorthern free. 12Q14e. !
j do defective Humboldt and Mendo
clno. 16®lSc per lb. - -
} HOPS— 19C4 crop. 26629c per Ib: 1905 crop.
: 174618c, with mo3t growen holding »ut
for 20c.
Meat '-Market. 11
The roor " demand mentioned of late has
caused an easier feellnr throughout the mar- j
ket, but prices are no lower.
DRE5SED MEATS.
Wholesale raxes from slaughterers to dealer*
are as follows:
BEEF— 6§7c for Steers and 4H$6c per lb
for Cows. - • 1
VEAL— Large. 6^©flc; small. S8»c p«r lb. I
MUTTON— Wethers. 76»c; Ewes. 6^67Hc !
per lb.
LAMB— Sl^eSHc per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 6>£6SHc per Ibw ' %
" LIVESTOCK MARKET- .
The following quotations are for good, sound '
Livestock delivered In San Francisco, less 40©
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers T«-46"^c: Cows and Heif
ers. 5m?<Mie: thin Cows . 485c per lb. ■ . -J
CALVES — 464 >4c per lb (gross weight). i
. SHEEP— Wethers. 3H63?«c: .Ewes -©-"14 =
per lb (gross weight) ■ >
f LAMBS— 52 5062 75 per head.
HOGS— Uve Hogs. 200 to 25O lbs. 4%64 T^c;
t 130 to 200 lbs. 5@5Uc; SO to 130 lbs. 4H$4%c;
rott Hogs, not wanted; Sows. 20 per cent off;
Boars. 50 per cent off. and Stags. 40 per cent
off from above quotations. '
General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain Bags. 5H65SC spot and &9
6Hc for next year; Wool Bags, 3O@32c; Fleece
Twine. 7%c.
COAL — Wellington. *« per ton; New Wel
lington. $s; Seattle. $6 50; Bryant. $« 50;
Beaver Hill. $5 50; Roslyn. $7_ Cco# Bay.
$5 50: Richmond. $8; Cumberland. $13 in bulk
and 514 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite
Egg. $14: Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh
Lump, $11. 50; Cannel. $9 per ton; Coke. $11 50
j 613 per ton ln bulk and $15 in aacka; Rocky
j Mountain descriptions. $3 50 per short ton.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for ca*e«
1 add 5c; Linseed. 55c per gallon for boiled and '.
! 53c for raw; Castor Oil ln cases, Xo. 1 70c;
1 Bakers* AA. cases. $1 1C®1 12; LucoL i
I 50c for boiled and 4Sc for raw;
. China Xut. cases, 65SS0c per gallon; Cocoanut •
Oil. In barrels. 59c for Ceylon and 55a for
I Australian: extra bleached winter Sperm Oil. j
j 69c; natural winter Sperm • Oil. <J3c; extra j
j bleached winter Whale OH. 57c; natural Whale I
I OH. 52c; extra winter strained Lard Oil 75c; !
J No., 1 Lard Oil. e5c; pure Neatsfoot Oil, 73r;
N'o. 1 Xeatsfoot Oil. «3<r: light Hen-Ins OIL
42c: dark Htrring Oil. 40c; Salmon Oil. 24c:
boiled Fish #il. 37c; raw Fish Oil.' 35c; boiled
Paint Oil. 33c; raw Paint Oil. 31c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil In bulk.
13c; Pearl Oil. In cases. 19i^c: Aatral 19«4«r; !
I Star, 191-c; Extra Star. 22V-ic; Elaine. 26c; i
! Eocene. 21>4c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline. In:
i bulk. 16c; ln cases. _2Hc; Bea_lne in bulk.
j 13c; In cases. 19 l ic; SG-degree Gasoline, in ■
i bulk. 25c: In case*. 31c.
TURPENTINE— 75c per gallon in ca«e_ and !
6Dc in drums and iron barrels.
! RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead, 7H0 !
I 7»ic per lb; White Lead. T"-4«7«4c according
I to quantity. . :
! SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
1 pany quotes as follows per lb in l<XMb bags:
•Cubes. A Crushed and Fine" Crashed «.25c; '
[ Powdered. 6.10c; Candy Granulated 6.10c- Dry
I Granulated, fine, «<•; Dry Granulated, coarse". :
I 6c; Fruit Granulated. 6c: Beet Granulated '•■
\ (tOO-lb bags only) 5.90c; Confectioner*' A 6c- !
■ Magnolia A. 5.60c; Extra C. 5.50c; Golden C !
; 5.40c: "D." S.30c: barrels. 10c more; half
: barrels. 25c more; boxes. 50c more- 30-lb ba«s :
10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half barrels. !
; 6.50c; boxes. «.75c; H. .& E. Crystal Domino* I
. 9c per lb. Xo order* taken for less than sev- j
, enty-flve barrels or Its equivalent. • j
Receipts of Produce.
FOR .THURSDAY. DECEMBER 15.
i Flour, qr sks. . .16,340^Hay. tons 573
Wheat ctls 1.12O 1 Straw. tons ..... 15
Barley. c»ls 3.425:Hop*.. bales 100
.Oats. ctl3 : 2.1301 Wool, bales 77
j Corn (West), ctls f-OCIHides. No 1 2_5
; sugar, ctls 44OjPelt* bdls 2,341
i Tallow, ctls .... 224 Leather, roll* :.. 145
: Beans, eks 1.421!Llme bbU 91
I Potatoes. s_s ... 2,750<Raisln9 bis «ir>
Onions, sks .... 10. Brandy, gals 3 200
Bran, sks 2.33C!Wine.eals 67 S5O
Middlings, sks .. MttfP.per. roils «2
jFeed. sks 314!
OREGON.
! Oata. ctlg 534i . ':■* '
STOCK MARKET.
31ining Shares Selling Well, bnt Local
Shares Drill.
The market for local stocks and bonds looks
as If It had settled down Into the usual holi
day lull, as it has be*n Inactive and listless
lor several days, without any change- fn
prices worthy cf mcr» than passing comment.
There were sales yesterday of American Va
ticnal Bank at $121^8129 50. otherwise there
was nothinK new.
The oil stocks were quiet and featurele-s
The Tonopahs continued to lead the mining
stocks In point of activity, with Jumbo high»r.
In the Ccmstocks Ophlr was flrm again. Tis
' ing to $3 f5. against $1 35 as the closing price
cf the preceding day. Confidence levied an as
sessment cf 20c. delinquent January 15.
The following dividends were paid y-stertfay:
Presidio Street Railroad Company, regular
monthly. 20c per share, amounting to $2O>»; an
extra 30c per share en the. capHal stock of the
company, amounting to an additional $10P<>.
Port Coeta Water Company, regular monthly
30c per share, amounting to $l£0O. California
Gas & Electric Corporation, regular monthly.
25c per share, amounting to $25,000. Kern
River Oil. 25c per share, amounting to $3000:
Four. 2c per share, amounting to $£00O. and
Caribou. 7c per share, amounting to $5600. The
MnkaweM Sugar Company, a monthly «t 20e.
Outside dividends paid yesterday ' were : The
Daly West Mining Company of Utah, a month
ly of 40c. The Mammoth Mining Company cf
Utah, a monthly of 5c. Tbe Federal Mining
and Smelting Company, regular quarterly divi
dends of 1*4 per cent on the \ preferred stock
and 1>4 per cent on the common stock. The
National Lead Company, a regular qnartetiy
of l*irer cent on the oref erred stock.
The regular monthly dividend of 1 cent per
share, amounting to -$4500. of the Claremont
Oil Company will be paid December 22. -
* The United Railways Investment Company of
San Francisco has declared a semi-annual divi
dend of 2 per cent en the preferred stock, "pay
able January 3. This Is an Increase of l « of 1
per cent over the dividend paid In July.
The San Francisco Gas and Electric Com
pany has deciared a regular quarterly divi
dend of $125 per share: payable December
30. This Is at the rate of 5 per cent per an
num on the par value of the stock.
The Security Savings Bank has declared a
ceml-annuai dividend at the rate of 3% per
cent oer annum on all deposits, payable Jan
uary 3. The rate Is the- same as for the
previous six month*. . • -
The Standard Oil Company paid ft quarterly
dividend of $7 per share yesterday. Tbi« divi
dend compares with $5 per vhare for the pre
vious quarter and $12 per chare for -the cor
responding quarter last year. The company
has paid dividends as follows for the past
fourteen years: 1S91 to 1S95, 12 per cent per
year; 1SS6. 31 per cent; 1897. 32 per cent: ISM.
30 per cent; 1S09. S3 r*r cent: 19CO.- 4S per
cent: 1WJ1. 4« per cent: 1902. 45 per cent: 1903.
44 per cent, and In 1904. 38 per cent. Includ
ing the dividend raid .to-day. - *
The net profits of the Mutual E!»etrie Light
Company for the paat year as ' shown la tb»
annual financial statement were $21,014 M. -
California Fruit Cannera was ex-dlvidend
cf €0c yesterday.
Alberta Oil Company has levied an assess
ment of lc. delinquent January 9. » - ■ >
STOCK AM) BOXT> EXCHANGE.
TITURSDAT. Dec . 15— .3 pi m.
UNITED STATES' BONDS. ' - j
.-. Bid. Ask.i Bid: Ask. .
4s qr coup..U*%106*4:4s qr. cp new.131 13m!
4s qr reg...lC_SlC3?*!Ss qr coup... — . 104^
M13CELI.AXEOU3 BOXDS.
Ala. A TV' 5»? — — lOak T Co (ta.120 — "
Asao Oil 5». M 8S Do Sa 113 114Vi
Bay CPC 5».1O1 — Do eon &S.1O4 — '
Cal C G Ss.103 — Oceanic S ti. 6« 73
Cal O & E % lOm Cable «». — 12«
m & ct 5s. — — [Pac G In fe. - —
Cal-st C 5s. 114 — IP E Rt 59..104U —X
C C Wat U. — • 09.- 1 P.* C H 6«.104 1 — ?
EdL & P «s. — 126 IP & O R 6s. — —
P & C H 6s.ll5Vi — |Pow«.n-«t €•. — —
Gearyst 5s.. — 85 'Sac EG£RSs.l<>-.t;iom
H CAS SHs.105 • — ISP;& SJVSa.llS?, —
Do 5s 101 — (Sierra .R 6s.. — T"
Hon R .T 6s.lO«i4-— |g P of A tm
L A Elec 5s.lO4»i — I (1908) ;....1C»H —
L A Ry 58..116H — • (1910) ...r.HOU —
LA L*Co 6« — - IS P of C (!i
Do gtd e*. — — I d9C3)Sr a. 101 'iom
Do gtd 5a,HMU —• i aSC5)Sr B. — 100H
LAP lcm Bb.101 — j <1906> 1C414 —
Mkt-«t C ««.11« "'-- I- <1912> U4»i —
- Do lcm 5s. ■ -— 117 ISPC ltf S».,- —
MVft MtT5s.lC5 lift : Do -taxapd.l0«>il0fti4
XRR of C€9.10fi«!i — !S P B R t*.\TA 13«
• Do 5a — — S V Wat 68.104% —
K.P C R 5«.105i4 — I Do 4s 2dm.KX>U —
V C Ry 5s.. — -^--j Do 4s 3dm. 8»»» —
N CP CB». — \- Do g rntg4a 97»4 —
X S R R Sa. M . 103 tStkn GAEAs. B-1 —
OG L*H Ss. — 110 ICG A E 5*.Ueti —
Owttd 5s. — 1C0 |UR of SF *a. 87H SS
AUCTION SALES
. _______ <
FOR SALE.
BY ORDER OF COURT AT PRIVATE SALE.
STABLE BUSINESS IN SAN FRANCISCO.
Green Valley Stable, 833 Mission St.
Property or Estate of James Hurst, decease*.
Including good will, horses, carriages, harness.
etc. About live years' leas* on fa7orabl«
terma. One of the largest and best puTinx
properties in the stable business in San Fran-
rtsco. Must be sold at once to close estate.
Elds must be in writing and may be mailed
to or l#ft with tbe undersigned attorney for
estate. Bids will be opened Dec. 20. 1S04.
Property now sutrjwrt to Inspection on prem-
Ues. For. further partlcuSars write t» tb»
undersigned. J. J. DWTER.
Attorney for Administratrix of Estat* of
J«rr»» Hurst, deceased. Mills Building. San
Franeliro -
£>. fe
POSITIVELY LAST
AUCTION SALE
Of J. M. BARP.TS HORSES In Livermer*.
Cal.. SATURDAY. D*c. IT. 1904. at J. F.
BRUXS* SALESTARD. epp depot LiTermore.
Beginning at I o'clock on the above- date I
will sell at public auction sixty head of horse*.
These horaes are cf Norman. Suffolk. Runeh
and standard bred trotting stock, cross*!.
Among t?ie number are twenty head of year-
lirj. ar.ri weanling colts as good aa can be
found tn the State.
J. M. EARRT. Auctioneer.
Train leaTes cUy at 7:»> ». jb. Lea*n
Llvermore en return at 5:50 n. m.
TO ADYERTISEES.
Owing to. the large
amount of work Incident to
the issue of THE CALL
HOLIDAY EDITION.
SUNDAY, DEC. 18, NO
DISPLAY ADVERTIS-
ING copy will be accepted
for that edition after 6
P. M. Saturday, and NO
CLASSIFIED Ads after 9
P. M.
GET YOUR COBY IN
EARLY.
WATER STOCKS.
Contra- Costa 25 — \ Pan Costa. . . — — —
Maria Co.... — e»'VS V Wat Ox 39»4 »«4
GAS AND ELECTRIC
Cent L * P. 3«i--i8?O ft E. M M*i
Mutual EL.— lUi-Stka Q fc B- — 34
Pac L Co... — tt)VU G & E Co. — —
-"'-,;--■; rxsuRAXCE.
Firem's Fnd. — S40 |
BANK STOCKS.
Am Xtl Bk.429 — !L P * A 152 —
Anglo-Cal .. — 9O |Mer Trust — 230
Bank of Cal.42O 423 iMerch Ex.... 60 —
Cal Safe Dp. 132 — IS F National. — —
First Xationl — — !
SAVIXG3 BANK3.
Ger S & L.233O — jSar * L So. . — 1«>
Hum S * U — — ISec Sav Bit.. — 424
Mutual Sav. — ICO I Union T Co.. — 33CO
S F Sar U.670 6T5 I
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. .200 — |PresliIo ..... — 41
Giant ...... — W-i- VTgortt ....» S 4*4 -
SUGAR.
Hawaiian C. 73% 74U Makaw-H C — 32^
Honckaa S C 17H 19 lOnomea S C. 32'*i SZ%
Hutch S P C 14*4, 14", Paauhau S C 20 T i, 21
Kilauea S C. 4'-, f.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. S3 W ! Oceanic S Co. 8 7
Cal F C A. — BS»ii-Pac Asx FA. 414 —
Ca! Wine A. 81 «* S3 |Pac C Borx. — 157H
MV& JltTm. 9S 102 I Pac S Tel Co-IOT —
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
20 American Xa;ional Bank 129 50
40 American National Bank 129 CO
50 Hutchtnson S P Co 14 73
10 HutcWnson S P Co 14 S7*4
SO Makaweli 32 25
50 Oceanic S S Co « in
80 Onomea Sugar Co 32 12^
BO Oncmea Sugar Co 33 25
3«> Pprin* Valley Water Co S3 12»i
$2.0CO Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent.. 11 6 5O
$2,000 S P of Arizona (1909) 1C9 W
Street —
50 Giant Powder Con 63 5O
30 Oceanic S S Co • 5O
4» Paauhau S P Co tt f«
, $3.0CO S P of Arizona <19C9> 109 3O
».'..Crt<) S P Cal 1st con 5« (stamped). 1C* 25
$15,000 Hon R T & L ft per cent 1M 50
Afternoon See-ion.
25 Hutcklnson S P Co 14 8?t£
2S Oceanle S 8 C 1 6 «2H
7O Paauhav S P Co 21 00
5 Spring Valley Water Co 39 23
$2,000 Hawaiian Cctnl tt Sngar'TS*.. .101 CO
$2,000 Oakland Transit Con 5« !«(«
$l.CCO S F * ! J V 5 per cent 119 25
$1,000 United States 3. (coupon) 104 23
$10,000 United R R c? S F 4 v^r cent. 88 CO
tTnlLrted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS-
Bid. Ask.) iid. Ask.
Bar CPC U. — 100HISF * NP St. 112^ —
B LrWat M. — IW'jIS P C R 4a. — 99
Cal XW 5s . — 113H S P Co 4*is. *9\10K4
M C Wat 5s. 100 — jSnn Tel C-...114H —
Rls I Wk-5a — 1C* ! Do- 5- 10« —
SP Drdk 5s. 112 — iSuttr-st R5s.l04 —
MISCELLAXEOUS 9TOCK3.
Ala S Co... 23V4 — (Mat Xar Co. 70 —
Amer Bis Co — 00 iNev Xat Bk.200 JO*
Cal Cot Ml'.s «0 — 'X Cal P Co. — ««4
Cal GAECor. *9% >>H Oak Bk 9ar.!2t» —
C Joctey CL110 — lOak T Con.. 75 —
Cal Powder..l30 145 ilOOP Hall A *H —
C_l Ship Co. — 21 ;Orpr-et.Ti. Co. — 1S34
Cal T I * T — 155 IPacC Ca» Cb.123 —
Cen Bk. Oak €0 o7H"Pac 9ur Co.lCS —
Chutes Co .. — * .'Paraf Paint.. S3 '— "
City * C B- — 120 !3 F Drydoclc. — S3
Cyp L Imp.. — 6H^FA9J Onal. 1«4 50
East Dynra.. — S73 3 J Wat Co.ltMi-, — -
Di.'.Pwd com 40 — ISO & MTgbt.125 —
FX Bk. Oak.120 — fSwlas-A B_..12O —
F.scRer Thtr — l«»lTrock Eject.. — 1_<4
i Frnch-A Bk.l0« — [Union 8u» Co — »
! Hcno P Co.. — XI UR InC pftl 6«S —
Do pool . . 2* 31 I Do cota ... 17 — ■ ,
Lce& PF Bk 53 — ?
Minlnj Stocks.
SAX • FRAXCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE- V
Following -ert th» sales on th» Saa Fraa
dsco Stoc* and Exchange Board yesterday:
; , . Moralng SessIon^ — Comstocks.
' WO Cbollar 2S> 200 Ophir 3 33
i 900 Ccn Cal & V.I 75! 20O Potoal 13
I ICO Crown Point.. 14j ?SK> Syndicate .... 2!>
I 200 Gould * Cur. 22i 200 Scorphw 11
' 700 Mexican. 1 2$) SCO Union Coo.... &3
i Afternoon Session — Comstocks.
I too Best * Belch. 1 <>•'■ ZOO Kentaok 01
i 20O Chollar .% 23i loo Mexican 1 25
I 1£O Chollar 241 2»X> . Ophlr » «»
, 21)0 Gould & Cut. 22 : ICO Ophlr 3 85
100 Hal* * Xcrc.l 05! 100 Silver Hill *>
6C0 Justice .' 00!
. CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
BId.Ask.| Bid.Ask. -
Alpha. W lOJulU t»7 . 03
• Alt* 05 '0»V;Ji_nlc« '9! 1<> .
Andes 21 23'Kentuck 01 03
Belcher ...... 21 22 Lady Waah .. P2 <>♦
; Best * Belch.1 65 1 10>Mexlcan 1 25 1 XO-
Bullloc 22 _4;Occl<Sent_,l ... 7« *>
Caledonia 4.1 45 Ophlr 3 53 3 65
... V* 23'O-erman •* 10
I CholUr 23 24 Potosr 15 1«
Confidence .•- . 75 WScorptsn •• 11 12
Ccn Cal & V.t 75 1 WSaviw ....... 24 M
1 Con Imperial. 01- OCtSew Belcher... OR «V
! Cent X T .... <« 04 Sierra Xev 43 «• -
(Crown Point.. 14 IKSUrer H!U B» *l
1 Eureka Con.. — 5"15t. • L«uis • — or
'Exchequer ... 45 4rPrndicate 1« 22~
1 E Sierra Xev 03 Cft! Union Coa ... 5« S3
G«uW-* Cur. 22 ZTftah ......... C3 m
I Hale & JCcrcl 10.1 lSTeUow Jacket. 13 ,I« .
Contrnned on Pa«e Fourteen.
A D VERTISE3IEXTS.
\G0LDF!ELD%£1
{WNOPAH MINING
\swckusfbK
SAXTUANOSCO STOCK}
EXCHANGE BOARD C
Aiur dcetdeafo'LiJiite leading!
JTOCKJ in the afare districts. \
\REGVLARCALL J9 * ? *Z SZM J
\ eoMMUJjaxs_££. ;f ■*&*■
1516
* ADVERTISEMENTS.
.<^sg§&, MAGNUMS RELIABLE WEAFL iSillbs.
J|l^^ for WOMEN j^d CHILDREN Jjffpf|l|
jj Special Items for
T^dFes^iHTIPctticoats^^
{ Changeable and plain effects; trimmed with ruchine and
j accordion-plaited flounces. Very off eft , C£ (\(\ and
; desirable for holiday rifts...... »3.pU, »O.UU upward
Ladies' Aorons
', Substantially well made in our fcwn factory. A complete
?■ line for the holiday trade. •••- ■: : *"• . S
! LADIES' APRONS, made of lawn; neatly Off p and I
I tucked --^vupward
LADIES' APRONS, made of lawn; trim-ffr|pand
med with embroidery and insertion^ J VI U upward
MAIDS' and NURSES" APRONS, with fancy bibs •
and revers; prices range according t°Offf\ fff||*and
styles.: -ivIO.vlUO upward
Ladies' Eiderdown Garments
ALL-WOOL EIDERDOWN ci aa ci O* and '
SACQUES vl.UU, *P|.£3 upward
ALL-WOOL EIDERDOWN CQTff 4lj Tff and
ROBES vO./O, *4./J upward
Exceptional Reduction
on our entire line of
Children's and Misses'
. Coats and Hats
Ages i to 16 years. 1
An Unusual Opportunity for Holiday Shoppers
~~ Ladies^SmTBeits
The newest styles, made of taffeta and peau de soie;
shirred and plaited effects; trimmed with buttons and rings;
j all the latest shades, including white, black, navy and brown.
Exceptionally low priced specially for the holidays.
$1.50
9*8-922 Market SL No Branch Stores
ii Open Evenings Till Christmas.
TO ADVERTISEBS.
_____
Owing to the large
amount of work incident to
the issue of THE CALL
HOLIDAY EDITION,
SUNDAY, DEC. 18, NO
DISPLAY ADVERTIS-
ING copy will be accepted
for that edition after 6
P. M. Saturday, and NO
CLASSIFIED Ads after 9
P. M.
GET YOUR COPY IN
EARLY.
Christmas Picture*.
In the new art gallery of Sanborn.
Vail & Co. you will find a most beautiful
collection of moderate priced pictures —
oil paintings, water colors and pastels
in gold frames. Photographs, etchings
and engravings in Flemish oak and car
bon frames. Our prices are as low as
anybody's and our assortment is greater
than everybody's. Come and see the gal
lery anyway. Open evenings. Sanborn.
Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •
SPIN2CET WILL FILED. — The will of Sarah
E. Spinney, who died December 6, was Med
for probate yesterday by Charles B. Eplnney
mxti TVniiam 8. Watson. The estate which Is
•tated to be In excess of $10,000. Is divided
between her son. two daughters and a grand
daughter.
Burnett**) Extract of Vanilla has
takea rold medals aralnst all other brands. *
JACOB RUS TO LECTURE. — Jacob Rils of
New Tork. the well-kncwn author, will de
liver a Isctare next .Tuesday evening under
the auspices of the Young Men's Christian As
sociation. H* will use for his subject "The
Battle VTtth the Slums."
j A Sorosis shoe order- makes a Christmas 1
U present that shows thoughtfulness for the health H
H and comfort of the wearer, arid thus ismore prized H
H: than anything given simply for the sake of making H
If O Cf\ f i , Wl\
I] Sorosis Health Leather, which keeps the feet 1
f] in a dry, cool, equable atmosphere, is a necessity if
-fi in wet winter weather. :^ • B
|| Sorosis shoes, and. slippers for house wear are if
11 a luxury in winter weather, especially prized by B
S parents and grandparents. ||
5 Yet the price is a trifle in every case. g
8 Christmas tree; candy, toys and other presents m
6 are with. Santa Glaus at • ' . v . g
| 50ROSI5 SHOEMWjOR Wm«lOE^}E 1
f, 216 POST ST. -*~~~— oSO.THIRD-St ' 1
B OPEN EVERY; EVENING. fi
WILL, BID FOR SHARE
OF GOLDFIELDS' TRAFFIC
Salt Lake Road Is Planning to Reach
the Slinlnff Camp by Way
of Las Veens. .
E. W. Gillett, general freight and
passenger agent of the Salt Lake and
Los Angeles Railway, arrived yester
day from Salt Lake. He confirms the
report telegraphed from Reno to the
effect. thai the Clark road will make
a big bid tfir the traffic destined for
Goldfields and the newer Nevada* min
ing camp, commonly known as Bull
frog. He said yesterday that his road
proposes to establish a stage line be
tween Las Vegas and Bullfrog, be
tween which points there Is a fine road
and plenty of water and feed for
horses. The distance between the two
points is 110 miles. The company will
also make connections with Goldflelds
a distance of 135 miles, and to Tono
pah, which will necessitate staging 170
miles.
Town Tall;.
Californlan statesmen on the qui vlve
for Colonel Mazuma is the subject of an
interesting paragraph that Introduces
somo lively political discussions in this
week's Town Talk. The paper aiso con
tains a letter to the editor from the editor
of Everybody's Magazine on the subject
of Tom Lawson's personalltv. The Saun
terer tells of a burning question anent
Greenway's fancy dress ball, of the ef
forts that are being made to persuade a
distinguished matron to entertain society
and the reason of the flight of certain
debutantes. There is an abundance of
breezy society gossip In this week's paper,
also a fine short story by Robert Mace
and several entertaining essays by bril
liant writers whope work has established
for this weekly a high reputation among
literary critics. •
INSOLVENT CLERK.— Charles Mahoney, a
clerk residing In this city, filed a petition' In
Insolvency yesterday In the United States Dis
trict Court. He owe* $884 and has no assets
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. DECEMBER 16. 1904
LARGE FAMILY
OF COLORED COACHMAN
HELPS HIM TO LIBERTY
Arrested for Invading His Mother
in-Law's Boarding-House/
Domestic Burden Is Heavy
BY JAMES C. CRAWFORD.
James Floyd, a middle-aged Afro-
American," respectably garbed and def
erential of manner, pleaded that he had
imbibed to intoxication before he vis
ited the house of his mother-in-law.
Mrs. Quinn, at 10 Burgoyne street, and
drove her boarders from»ihelr beds and
to the street, where 'they shivered in
various stages of dishabille while he
addressed them from a second-story
window and emphasized his remarks
by thumping the wall with a club. He
did not censure Patrolman E. C. Marsh
for effecting his incarceration, but he
hoped Police Judge Mogan would take
his record into consideration with his
first arrest.
"Fo' twenty-two yeahs, sah." said
Mr. Floyd, "Ah've bin wukkin' ez
coachman fo' M ssee Baird ob de Pal
ace Hotel, an' mah wife an' sebben
chilluns '11 be mighty bad erflicted ef
Ah goes teh jail fo' any ixtended peh
ylod ob time. Eet's, mah first offense,
yo' Honnah, fo' Ah nebbah got drunk
afoah, an' teh sabe mah life Ah kaint
ermaginate w'y de spirit moved me teh
drink las' night. Mah wife's muddah,
MIssee Qulnn, am er nice lady, an' so
am 'er sistah. Missee Harris, ez libs
nex' doah, an' it jes* beats me. Jedre.
teh diskivah w'y Ah goes an' pehsicutes
dem yah wimmin folk."
The policeman said that when he ar
rived on the scene, at 3 o'clock a. m.,
Mr. Floyd was evidently laboring under
the delusion that the half-clad persons
in the street were awaiting opportunity
to visit him with personal violence, the
fact being that they were just as eager
to avoid him as he was reluctant to get
closer to them. .
"Please doan fo'git dat wife an' seb
ben chilluns, Jedge'" the defendant be
seeched the court, and the reminder
probably had something to with the
order of dismissal.
Herman Schonling's noiseless ap
proach to the bench of Judge Conlan
attracted attention to his footgear,
which consisted of Chinese slippers.
The remainder of his apparel was
variegated of style, texture and age.
and jarred with the Idea of opulence
conveyed by the charge that he had as
saulted a person who owed him rent
for an apartment at Seventh and Fol
som streets. The accusation, if not the
ownership of the apartment, was
proved, and Mr. Schonling will be sen
tenced to-day for peace disturbance.
Miss Sophie Morris averred that her
mother's death was speedily followed
by family discord, that culminated in
the "railroading" of her to the Agnew
asylum by her brother-in-law, Hugh
Hughes, she being: entirely sane at the
time, as was proved by her almost im
mediate release from the institution for
lunatics.- When she returned to the
family dwelling. 3266 Mission street, she
further averred, Mr. Hughes violently
cast her forth, and that's why she had
him arrested.
Mr. .Hughes then informed Judge
Fritz that Miss Morris* complaint was
foundationed In falsehood and propped
by fabrication. For years, he said, she
had been the bane of his life, and was
endured only because she was his wife's
sister. She had been'placed by him in
the Magdalen Asylum with a view to
reforming her general character, but
the experiment was a failure. As for
the "railroading" charge, , that was
bosh. True, he ejected her from the
house when she returned from Agnew
and demanded £hat he be, given its
exclusive possession, but he put her out
because she was intoxicated, and in so
doing he did not use unnecessary vio
lence.
" The case is under advisement.
• • • t
Emillo Santos declared, with panto
mimic accompaniment more Intelligible
than his mutilated English, that he did
not disturb the peace of Luigi Canti
ello's restaurant In Hinckley alley, until
he was amply justified in doing so.
After he had distinctly ordered open
face cranberry pie, he explained, Signor
Cantlellb laid before him a' pie with
pastry trelliswork top, and In the ensu
ing argument as to whether such a pie
could technically be termed open-face
Signor Cantiello, for the affirmative,
lost his temper and closed the discus
sion by pushing the upper side of the
subject of debate against his opponent's
face, thus provoking him to break the
peace and several dishes. Judge Mogan
has the case and the crushed pie under
advisement till to-morrow.
James Fitzgerald, accused of robbing
telephone cash boxes, was remanded to
the Superior Court r by Judge Conlan,
with bail fixed at $1000.
William jj Nesbltt, , alias "Slocksey
Bill," stole three bottles of milk from
a Vallejo-street* doorway, and Judge
Conlan gave him six months for it.
Since he was tried for murder and ac
quitted, about twenty years ago, Mr.
Nesbitt has ! spent about three-fourths
of his time in prison, his recorded of
fenses ranging in seriousness from
street-begging to grand larceny.
James Beattle, who narrowly escaped
the fate dealt to Joseph • McGowan by
Joseph Smith on November ?6, repeated
before Judge Mogan the ; narrative of
the shooting which. he, recounted, to the
Coroner's .Jury. .After, -killing ' Mc-
Gowan, Beattie testified. Smith tried
to shoot him, but he managed. to keep
out of range of the shotgun by crouch
ing and crawling over a pile of lumber,
Smith pursuing him. It was Beattle
who telephoned tc#the police that mur
der had been done. The hearins: will be
resumed this morning.
Mollie Fay, another oft-jailed misde
meanant, wept in protest when Judge
Fritz sentenced her to thirty days for
drunkenness.^ She spent the last nine
Christmases in prison, she said, and
every time she is released the chansre of
atmospheric temperature visits upon
her a severe cold, which unlearned po
ilicemen mistake for achollsm.
' While the attention of the Judee and
the Prosecuting Attorney was tempo
rarily distracted by an applicant for a
warrant the pleader for the defense
lowered his voice and said to the in
telligent jury:
"By looking at this poor girl, gentle
men, you will see' that it would be
scarcely short of inhuman to send her
to jail, so frajjile is she physically, to
say. nothing, of subjecting her youth
and inexperience to the prison contam
ination. The Judge and the attorney
for the prosecution will advise you to
return a verdict in accordance with
the law and the evidence, but. gentle
men, we who have wives or sisters or
female relatives of any kind know how
little such advice as that weighs when
pitted against manly sympathy for
distressed womanhood."
The Judge and the Prosecuting Attor
ney did as predicted, but the intelli
gent jury spent not more than three
minutes in deciding that Jane Doe was
not guilty of vagrancy. Then one of
the intelligent borrowed a quarter of a
dollar from the attorney for the de
fense and proceeded to invest the same
in Hauefied stock.
George Smith and Joseph Ganzolla,
19-year-olds, who stole a roll of line<*
leum and were arrested while trying to
sell their plunder, were sent up for six
months apiece by Judge Mogan.
Peter Henretty, accused of failing to
provide for two minor children, ad
vanced the unique plea that inability
to find his little ones and their mater
nal guardian was responsible for their
deprivation of life's necessaries. His
wife spent for drink all the money he
gave ' her, he explained, and In the
spending she absented herself and the
children, from home, so that for a week
at a time he has been unaware of their
whereabout*. Judge Mogan Instructed
Mr. Henretty to. cease providing his
helpmeet with means of indulging her
bibulous ? penchant and. to pay into
court sufficient money ' to support his
unfortunate 'offspring, said payment to
be made weekly. .
- A proud commander was Police Ser
geant Williams as he strutted alongside
his squad early yesterday morning on
Kearny street. He felt that the admlr-
ing glances bestowed by passing citi
zens were no more than due the ten
stalwarts and the man who l«jd them,
for he was ready to wager his silver
star against a celluloid collar button
that the finest- military company on
earth could not put up a more impres
sive physical appearance or march
with greater- precision. If his spirit had
been less exalted," perhaps, the derisive
comments uttered by" Private ■William
Keith, United States artillery, would
have conveyed lesser shock.
Private Keith had spent the night
in Barbary Coast places of public en
tertainment, and was unsteadily
propped against a lamp post at Com
mercial street when the t flower of 'the
force paraded past him. '
'"Wot's dis I sees?" he , loudly ex
claimed. "Is it de Home for Aged an'
Infirm Cripples out for an alrln'? Dress
up, ye stiffs, an' try ter stop kickin 1
each odder's heels. Gee! .I'd like ter
have youse at de Preseedeo. Hay foot,
straw foot, hay foot, straw foot — dat's
de way ter — " .' v
As one man, the squad fell upon him,
and two members of it were detailed by
the enraged, sergeant to book hitn for
disturbing the peace.
"I dunno why I done It," he said to
Judge Fritz, "an' I don't remember do
in' It." .
When he pleaded that his incarcera
tion would deprive one of Uncle Sam's
thirteen-lnch ' guns of lovingr' care his
dismissal was ordered.
Two Sets of Directors.
; An application was made to the Su
perior Court yesterday for a writ of
mandate compelling H. D. Ulrichs,
Martin H. Ulrichs and Rebecca Ul
richs, former omcers and directors of'
the Columbia Brewing '■, Company,' to
admit August F. Meyer, Joseph P.
Coffey and Henry. Tietjen to the of
fices the defendants now hold. The
trouble has grown out of the refusal
of the defendants to attend , a stock
holders' ( meeting or abide by the re
sults pf an election held on. December
6. On May 9 a stockholders' meet-
Ing was called by the Ulrichses, which
they attended,' buta majority of the
stock was not represented. Since then
they „ have refused r to call another
meeting. ,The: other stockholders de
manded a meeting.'but the Ulrichses
refused. . .Then the . majority ; had: a
meeting, at which new -directors were
elected., Meyer was ; made president
and "treasurer, 1 Tietjen vice : president
and Coffey secretary. .
LETCHER WRIT
NOT GRANTED
Judge Cook Finally Holds
Governors Warrant of
Rendition Correctly Issued
MUST GO BACK TO OHIO
Notice Is Given That the
v Case TVill Now Be Carried
Before , the Supreme Court
Judge Cook has decided that George
E. Letcher of San Jose must go \p Ohio
to answer the charge that he commit
ted arson in that State on January 4,
1881. The case has 'been taken before
the Supreme Court for final judgment.
When the application for the writ of
habeas corpus . for Letcher's discharge
came up* before Judge uook yesterday
the court held that no proof had been
offered to him that the statutes of Ohio
laid before him were the statutes of
Ohio or had been accepted in the courts
of that State. That proof may have
been offered to the Governor before he
issued his warrant, but it had not been
offered to the court. He could only act
therefore in accordance with tire rule
laid down,' by the Supreme Court that
where no proof is offered of the laws of
another . State they will be. presumed
to be the same as the laws of this
State.
Attorney , C: C. Nagle offered in evi
dence the statutes of the State of Ohio.
"I am not an attorney in this case,"
said the Judge, "and it is not for me to
direct the attorney on either side. If
counsel on each side will admit that
these are the statutes I am prepared to
decide the. case. Under t-fce laws ot this
State there . is no statute that would
meet this indictment.";
Nagle called Garrett Fox, the officer
from Ohio, who came to take Letcher
back to the stand, but after question
ing him he could not throw any definite
light on the matter of the statutes.
Nagle looked puzzled and the Judge
said there was enly one way under the
code to offer proof as to statutes.
Finally in desperation he said that the
statutes offered were aaieged to have
been printed in 1890, several years after
the date of the alleged crime. What he
wanted was the statutes prior to 1881.
He gave Nagle till 3 o'clock In the
afternoon to get his proof. At that
hour Nagle offered the statutes of 1880,
which were certified to as correct by
the Secretary of State.
The Judge held that the proof was
sullicient. Then in an elaborate opin
ion he held that all the requirements
had been complied with by the Gov
ernor of Ohio and that the warrant of
rendition by Governor Pardee was cor
rectly issued. The prisoner was ordered
remanded to be taken to the State of
Ohio.
Petition for a writ of habeas cor
pus was filed with the State Supreme
Court yesterday afternoon. Attorneys
D. W. Burchard, Samuel Tompklns
and John B. Kerwin appeared for the
petitioner. The writ is returnable this
morning at 10 o'clock. The petitioner
sets forth that the requisition for his
removal to Ohio was not in proper
legal form and was not accompanied
by an affidavit specifying the crime
and showing that he had ever fled
from the State of Ohio. Section 95
of the Revised Statutes of Ohio shows
that the Governor shall send sworn
evidence to the Governor of anojther
State when . requisition is demanded.
The certificate .of the Governor is said
to recite "that it is represented to me
that George E. Letcher is a fugitive
from justice." Attention is called j to
the law that requires that the Gover
nor of a State issuing a warrant must
have before him a certifled^copy of the
indictment detailing the crime com
mitted. , Mrs. Letcher accompanied
her husband to the court and was
much overcome by the nervous strain
to which she was subjected during the
presenting of the petition.
DR. McCLISH ! WILL LECTURE.— Dr. Ell
McCTlsh will lecture at the First United Pres
byterian Chureh to-night on "The Seer -and
His Visions." The lecture will be free. .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
'DIES J FIRE
With Itching, Burning, Scaly
■;| .Humors of the Skin
Instantly Relieved by Baths
with Guticura Soap
And Gentle Applications of
Guticura Ointment.
Instant relief and refreshing sleep for
Ekin-tortured babies, and rest for tired,
fretted mothers, in vrarm baths with
Cuticura Soap and gentle anointings
with Cuticura Ointment, the great skin
cure, and" purest of emollients, to be
followed in seTere cases by mild doses
of Cnticura Resolvent. ■
«• My niece's little baby boy, two years
old, was so badly afflicted with eczema
that be needed constant watching. It
was a.11, over his face and he scratched
the sores constantly. • Mornings his
clothes would be stained with blood, ;
and his face and hands would be cov-
ered. His family never could take him
oat, as his face was always full of large
sores. They had medical treatment,
and tried everything they heard of.
.She commended 1 ' using the Cuticura
Remedies last spring and found that at
, last she had a wonderful healer. The
sores left his face and he was entirely
cured, and now his face is as smooth
and. rosy as though no sore had ever
•: been there to mar it."
Mks. .!>. J. ROOT,
Jerusalem, N..Y. ;.
Feb. 12, 1898,
On March 7, 1903, five ■ years later,
Mrs. Root writes :
" I received your 'note' of kind in-
quiry and am pleased to inform you of
the permanent cure. of my little boy.
He is now a healthy child with pink
and white skin free from all: blemish.
It has been- a marvellous cure and
brought about in a short time after all
; 'other, medical aid failed."
.- - Bold throughout the world. ' Cntleon Ruolrra*. Me.
(In form Of Chocolate Coiled V\U*, ZSe. per rial if 60).
Ointmtnt, 50c.. Soap. Me. DtitoUi L«mcJ™n. XT Ob»rt«r-
■'■■ hoaM So. i Part*. S Rue de It, Palxi Bo. Ion, 137 Colambai
_*•. Potter Drug * Chfmleal Corp.. Sola Proprietor*.
«9^S«ad tot " ' lh« Cuuears 8kln Book.**- - -
NEWMANj&JLEVJNSOX;
- Kearny and Sutter Streets. <fc^»^ >^i4iU't^,i:)Ai_i^
Commencing Saturday Evening, December 17th,
This store will remain open evenings until Christmas
A MAGNIFICENT DISPLAY OF
Superb Christmas Gifts
Those seeking the latest and choicest Holiday
\Goods will certainly not be disappointed here —
and prices are most surprisingly low for such
absolutely reliable goods. . _
HOLIDAY ART WARE
At J/3 Off Regular Prices
Right at the very height of the holiday season, we offer our
entire stock of Imported Bronzes an'd Glassware at 33% per
cent off the marked prices.
Imported Glassware Bronze Ornaments
Artistically decorated Vases, in Beautiful Busts, Figures and Sta-
imany, Bohemian and Lonhuda tuettes, in artistic and masterly
ware, in unique designs and exqui- designs — some with electric light
site colorings : attachments :
Those marked 75c... now SOo Those marked *6. 00. now S4.OO
Those marked $1.00. .now 65o Those marked $12.75.jiow 88.5O
Those marked $2.25.. now S1.5O Those marked $14.50. now 19.65
Those marked $4.00.. now S2.65 Those marked $20.00. now S13.35
Those marked $<i.00..now S4.00 Those marked $35.00. now $23.35
Articles of Sterling Silver
What is more appropriate than a handsome piece of sterling
silver ? We show a large collection of the very best manu-
facture, in the newest designs, and customers marvel at our
low prices :
Silver Dressing Combs — 75o Silver Toilet Mirrors ..S5.75
Silver Shaving Brushes.... 75o Silver Match Boxes S2.OO
Silver Pocket Knives S1.00 Silver" Manicure Sets S1.85
Silver Hair Brushes $2.00 Silver Comb and Brush Sets, in
Silver Clothes Brushes .... S3.25 neativUined box, special at S2.OO
Also Silver Cigarette Cases, Flasks, Reading Glasses, Baby Rattles,
Powder Boxes, Toilet Sets containing Hair Brush, Comb and Mirror.
(j-love or.Merolianclise Orders Issued for any amount.
Good at any time, In any department.
Choice Holiday Gifts in ■
Neckwear for Ladies
Silk Stock Collars— .fashion's Duchesse Lace Stock Collars-
latest, in entirely new novelty these beautiful hand-made articles
effects, some with embroidered of neckwear, are now being shown
linen turnovers, others with dainty in splendid variety -^-dozens of dis-
accordion-pleated ends and bows, tinctive designs from which to
in white and colors, special at - select, at
$1.00, $1.50 and $1.75 Each. $1.50, $2.25 and $3.00 Each.
Pin Cushions for Christmas
No finer or better assortment of these dainty articles to be
found anywhere. They are in all sorts of shapes and richly
trimmed.
Pin Cushions, square shape, made Oblong Pin Cushions, of satin, with
of satin and covered with lace, hand painted floral designs, and
trimmed with ruffle and ribbons, trimmed with lace, and ribbons;
each .75C each $3J>0
Pin Cushions of satin, prettily Pin Cushions, with floral designs
trimmed with lace and ribbon flow- exquisitely embroidered on bolting
ers, in white and colors, each $1.50 cloth, ruffle to match ; each $5.00
Men's $9.00 Bath Robes, $6.75
You need have no hesitation in selecting one of these Bath or Loung-,
Ing Robes, for they are just what almost every man specially likes to get
at Christmas. They are made of unusually fine quality
wool Blanket Cloth, in brown, tan and red stripe effects,
with large collar and girdle to match gown — worth regular- /L ■ *1EL
ly $9.00 each — Special for Friday, at 4JD#/J
FARWELL GIVES
INDIAN MUSIC
WITH SUCCESS
A distinguished little audience gath
ered at Lyric Hall last night to hear
the concert of American compositions
given by Arthur Farwell and his as
sociates ai^d was amply rewarded by
the quaint and beautiful programme
offered. Mr. Farwell repeated the com
positions given so successfully on Tues
day evening at Century Hall, his In
dian melodies for violin and piano. In
which he was again accompanied by
Miss Hulda Andersen, and the piano
compositions, "Dawn" and "The Domain
of Hurakan." An extremely Interest
ins pair of Zuni songs by Professor
Carlos Troyer were sung by Miss Helen
Colburn Heath, who was accompanied
by Professor Troyer. The songs were
tho "Sunrise Call" and "The Coming
of Montezuma," both rarely pictur
esque and sung in dramatic and sym
pathetic fashion by Miss Heath.
The other numbers were "A Negro
Episode," by. Henry F. Gilbert, a so
prano solo, "Israfel."by Edgar S. Kel
ley, and a composition for reader, so
prano, piano and. violin, "In the Moon
Shower," by Harvey W. Loomis, . In
which Dr. J. Wilson Shiels appeared
as the reader. The whole programme
was enjoyable and heartily enjoyed.
New York Life Policyholders
Should read the analysis of the^New Tork
Life financial methods in the • current
numbers of the Era Magazine; 10 cents,
all news stands. »:*.'• r?> • *•
Herman Cramer's Case.
The third trial of the case of Her
man Cramer against the Singer Sew
ing Machine Company is in progress in
the United States Circuit Court. Cra
mer asks damages ' for infringement
On a patent. The first case was taken
from the jury by the court ordering a
verdict for the defendant. The Judg
ment was reversed by the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals and a
new trial ordered. On the second trial
the jury brought In a verdict for the
plaintiff for $12,000. The defendant
appealed to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals and the Judgment
was affirmed. The matter was then
taken to the United States Supreme
Court, which reversed., the judgment
on the" ground that the Judge should
have granted an Instruction that there
had been ho infringement.
?f ew; Things in Cameras.
New ; cameras, new films, new. papers.
Full . lines of fresh goods at correct
prices. Also printing and developing
Sanborn. Vail & Co. *• "
ADVERTISEMENTS. v? *
OPEN EVENINGS
V2.VJC SUGAR COTIS. 8 CXSS 48cl
Seeded Balslaa pad 5c
|p Puritan Brmnd. Uraally 10c.
PRESSED" FIGS.' e PACKAGES 25c
Xona Coffte .3 pormda 3So
Exceptionally rich Ha.wa!uut Coffee. Usually
23c Ib :
BEST 10c BLACK FIGS. S LBS 88c
Apple Butter, Heinz' .3 Ib«. 23c
For health *nA appetite: <H-tt> crock. 60c
Usually 15o lb.
CITRON*. LEMON ANT> ORAXOB PEEL,"
150 LB.
Kino* Meat. Mrs. Faber's 9 Vb» 25c
Best materials, (kill and cleanllneuM.
BEST~MIXKD~KCT3. LB.. 13q
Best Butter, square 37^ c
LakevlUe Creamery. Finest Hnmbeldt Bnttsr.
Resnlar size.
GOOP~~BUTrER.~ SQUARE 80c
Good xtaaeh zurars .dotes '30c
Larre white — all guaranteed sound.
Be PKO." BATH BRICK. 3 FOR 10c.
Blxby's Shoe Blacitnar 3 cans Se
Best for all shoes. At halt price 3 days.
• BEST~POPCORn7~« LBS. 25c. '
Best rasters Coal Oil." can SI. 15
5 gallons. No smoke, no smell. Usually $1.35.
5c CAKE TAR*SOAP~3 IFOR 10c.
naptha or Benzllene Soap. .6 cakes 2."»c
Use hot or cold water. Usually 8c straight.
PURITY BAKINO"POWDER. LARGE CAN.
■• 25c.
9Oc Horse Shoe Whiskey bottle *»r»c
Our leader. Sample It at store. Full slae battle.
MOTTS FRESH~APPI_E~CIDEhC~6al7*4Cc!
Holiday Wises ir-llon fJ5c
Four-year-old Port or Sherry. Well worth;»_1.0O
IMPORTED CHAMPAGNE. QT8.. >S, fl5.~
AA Whisky, "Monogram". .% gal. fH~iiH7i
fix years old. Rood ratable stimulant. Usually
■ ■ •-•■■■ * $3.25 <ral.
COOKING BRAN Dt7 LARGE HOT. Me.
Claret. XXX.. *. . . jraUon 35c
From Sonoma vineyard. Usually 5t)c.
. STANDARD TOMATOgg7~4~CAN3~ 23<J.
1001 Fillmore St. 119 Taylor SL
Park 1§3 'Phone* Hcwara 1081
■ «
MAUVAIS MUSIC G*0.
$33 MARKET ST.. OPP. /UASOXl j
HGL13AY SIFTS ON 1HSTALLMEHI5, f
WEEKLY CALL, 51.00 PEB YEAB.*