THE SUNDAYS CALL'S FREE PIANO LESSONS
LESSON
NO. 3
GROVE'S MUSIC
SIMPLIFIER
Copyright, 19O4. by W. Scott Grove,
Scranton, Pa*
r T mK HE key of C is the natural key. Xtregntrea
1 no sharps nor flats to make the simple
f chords, and in this lesson, the third of the
series, the charts show how to play accom
paniments in the key of C and its corresponding
key of A minor. Place one of the charts at right
angles with the keyboard so that the small letter
D with a dash above it on thd chart is4irectly over
D on tli t keyboard. Then the white spaces an
the chart will be over the white keys and the
black spaces over the black keys.
The top, the middle and lower sections on the
lower chart represent the three chords, mastery of
which will enable any one to accompany on the
piano any song or melody in the key of 0, and the
other chart represents the chords of the key of A 1
minor. i /
The bfeck letters are to be played with the
left hand and the red letters with the right fiandL
Now, having placed the chart on the piano,
play the black letters on the top section with the
left hand, then the three red letters in unison
with the right hand. Next play the middle sec
tion in the same way, then the lower section, and
then return to the top section. The small letter
D with the dash above it which gives the chart
position must not be played. After a brief prac
tice these chords can be memorized and you may
play without the use of the chart. But with the
chart a person who never struck a note on the
piano before may in a few minutes play the har
monious chords correctly, and then accompany his
or her own songs or the songs of friends. Pro
ficiency requires a little practice, but no pre
vious knowledge of music. " • j
If you desire to delve deeply into the mysteries of
music the charts give you the best possible foun
dation on which to base a musical education. A
knowledge of the keys and their chords underlies
all the triumphs of the accomplished musician.
i (FOURTH. LESSON NEXT 'SUNDAY.)DOUBLE HARNESS
T^IIIS is the third install
ment of Anthony Hope's
novel of Ivomlon KOc-iety
life. "Double Harness." Tins
novel, w!iich is one of the
literary events of the year, be-
Kan in The Sunday Call on No
vember "0.
In line with its established
policy of pnblishins the best
novels or the best writers. Tiic
Sunday cv.Ii desires to announce
the publication durlnz the com
ing winter of the follcwins not
«l;le Gctlon features: "Tlic
Brethren.'! 11. lUder Hnjrzard's
Litest ivcrk, which will follow
"Double Harness": "The Casta
ways." by Hallie Erzhfnlc Hives
with spccisl (Ilcstratlons by
Howard Chandler Christy; "A
Whirl Asunder." by Gertrude
Atlicrtcn. the l?.:e»-t work of this
(:i!f:ilcd <~ulifor::ia writer, and
liorxh Tarkinzton's famous
**3ionsleur Bcaucairc."
(Copyright by McClure. Phillips & Co.)
£ * *7"f ND will you live the sort of
f I life that man has made wo
\^ I ir.cn live? Is that fit for you?
JL You can see what it would
do to you. You xyculd get like what
he's like. You would come down to his
level. First you'd share his lies and
Ms intrigues, perforce, while you hated
them. Gradually you'd get to hate
then: less and less: they'd become nor
mal, habitual, easy; tHey'd become
natural. At last you'd see little harm
in them. The only harm or hurt at last
wouM be discovery, and you'd get cun
ning in avoiding that. Think of you
and me living that life — aye, till each
of us loathed the other as well as
loathinp ourselves. Is that what you
mean?"
"Not that, anyhow not that," she
said in a low voice, her eyes wide open
and fixed auestioningly on him.
"If not that ami not the other; what
then? Am I to go.away?" But he put
Caylesham's alternative in no sincerity.
He i»ut it to her only that she might
thruFt it away. If che did not, he
would f=;iurn it himself. "And where
rhouid I go? Back to where I came
from— back to that life?"
She could not tell him to go away,
nor to zo back to that life. She sat
silent, jneturing what his life and what
her own would be through all the
years, the livelonsr years, when even
the -boy's !ov« would be bitterness, and
she could have a friend in nobody be
cause of the great sad secret which
would govern all her life.
"I can't tell you.* I can't decide to
day." ; .• ... .'." ■■£ "
Again and again she had told him
that, fighting against the final and the
irrevocable.
But Blake. was urgent now,,wrought
vp to an effort, very full of his theories
and his aspirations, full too of a rude
natural impatience which he called by
many alien names, deceiving his very
soul that he misht have his heart's
desire, and have It without let or
hindrance. He launched his last argu
ment, a last cruel argument, whose
cruelty seemed justice to a mind ab
eorbed in its own *lnshness. But she
had eyes for no form of selfishness
save Grantley's. To ask all did not
iseeni selfishness to her; it was asking
nothing or loo little that ehe banned.
"You've gone too far," he told her.
"You can't turn back now. Look what
you've done to me gince you came into
my life. Think what you've taught
me to hope and believe — how you've let
me count on you. You've no right to
think of the difficulties or the distress
now. You ought to have thought of all
that lor.g ago."
It was true, terribly true, that she
ought to have thought of all that be
fore. Was it true that she had lost
the right to arrest her steps and the
power to turn back?
"You're committed to it. You're
bound by more than honor, by more
than Jove. You'll be untrue to every
body in turn if you falter now."
It was a clever plea to urge on a
distracted mind. Where decision is too
difficult, there lies desperate comfort
In being convinced that it is already
takc-n, that faets have shaped it. and
p-evious actions irrevocably commit
ted the harassed heart.
"You've made my love for you my
whole life. You knew you were doing
it. You did it with full knowledge
of what it meant. I say you can't
draw back dow."
. He had worked himself up to a pitch
of hijjh excitement. There was noth
ing wanting in his manner to enforce
his words. His case was very excep
tional indeed to him; and so it seemed
to her— believing in his love because of
the love she had herself to give, yearn
ing to satisfy the hunger she had
caused, to make happy the life which
depended utterly on her for joy.
The long fight, first against Grantley,
■ latterly against herself, had worn and
almost broken her. She had no power
left for a great struggle against her
lover now. Her weariness served his
argument well. It cried out to her to
throw herself into the arms which
were bo eagerly ready for her. One
way or the* other anyhow the battle
must be ended, or surely it would make
an end of her.
But where was an end if she stayed
with Crantley? That life was all
rtruggle, and must be bo long as it en
dured. Who could find rest on a flinty
wall?
She was between that monstrous
image £he had made of her husband.
iand the shape which. Blake presented
to her as himself — far more alluring,
not a whit less false. . But for the
falseness of either she bad no eyes.
' "I want your promise to-day," he
said. "Your promise I know you will
keep."
He had become quiet now. There
■was an air of grave purpose about him.
His excitement and ardor had done
their work .with her; this succeeding
mood, or manner (for he had lost all
distinction between what he felt and
■what he made himself seem to feel),
had its place, and was well calculated
to complete his victory.
; "I will send you my answer to
night." she said.
"It means all that I am— everything
in the world to me. Remember that."
And he urged her no more, leaving
•with her these simple sincere-sounding
words to plead for him. -
That was what the answer meant to
him. What' would it mean to Grant
ley Imason? She aaked herself this as
she sat silent opposite to him at din
ner. It chanced that they were alone,
though of late she had schemed to
avoid that. And to-night she could
not speak to him, could say nothing at
all, though his raised brows and satiri
cal 5lar.ee challenged • her. Things
might be uncomfortable, but why lose
either your tongue or your manners,
Grantley seemed to .ask. You might
have a grievance (Oh, real or imagi
nary, as you please!) against your hus
band, but why not converse on topics
of the day with the gentleman at the
other side of the table? He seemed
to be. able to do .his part without any
effort, without any difficulty to avoid
open war, and yet never to commit
himself to any proposition for peace.
All through the years, thought Sibylla,
he would go on suavely discussing the
topics of the day, while life went by,
and love and joy and all fair things
withered from the face of the earth.
The servants disappeared and Grant
ley's talk became less for public pur
poses.
"I wonder how old John has got on
with Harriet Courtland!" he said in an
amused way. '/He was uncommonly
plucky to face Tier. But, upon my
word, the best thing from some- points
of view would be for him to fall. At
least it would be the best. if old Tom
wasn't such a, fool. But as soon as
Tom sees a chance of getting rid of
one woman he saddles himself with
another."
"Could he have got rid of Lady Har
riet?"
"They might have arranged a separ
ation. As it is there'll be an open row,
I'm afraid." . • .
"Still if It puts an end to what's in
tolerable — •" she suggested, as she
watched him drinking his coffee and
smoking his cigarette with his deli
cate satisfaction in all things that were
good. C&30
"A very unpleasant way out,", he
said, shrugging his shoulders..* ■
"Would vou have endured what Mr.
Courtland couldn't?" .
He smiled across at her;, the sar
castic note was strong in his voice
as he asked:
"Do you think me an impatient man?
Do you think I've no power of endur
ing what I don't like. . Sibylla??
She flushed a little under his look.
"It's true." he went ; on, "that I en
dure vulgarity worst of- all; and-Har
riet Courtland's tantrums are very
vulgar, as all tantrums are."
"Only tantrums? Aren't all emo-
tions' all feelings, rather vulgar. Grant
ley?"
He thought a smile answer enough
for that. It was no good arguing
against absurd insinuations, or trying
to show them up. Let them alone; in
time they would die of their own ab
surdity. . "./.■•' j. 1 /
"Grantley, would you rather I went
away? Don't you find life unendur
able like this?" "■
"I don't find it pleasant," he smiled ;
"but I would certainly rather you did
not go away. , But if you want a
chanee for a few weeks I'll endeavor to
resign myself."
"I mean, go away altogether."
"No, no, I'm sure you don't mean
anything so— Forgive me, Sibylla,
but now. and then your suggestions are
hard to describe with perfect courtesy."
. She looked at him In a wondering
way, but made no answer; and he, too,
was silent for a minute.
"I think it would be a good thing,"
he, went on, "If you and Frank betook
yourselves to Milldean for a few weeks.
I'm so busy that I can see very, little
of you here, and country ' air is : good
for nerves." ,
"Very well,. we'll go in a day or two.
You'll stay h,ere?" ' ■'•
• "Yes, I must. I'll try to get down
now and then, and ■ bring some' cheer
ful people with me. Blake will coma
sometimes, I daresay. Jeremy , won't
till he's rich and famous, I'm afraid.".
In .spite of herself It, flashfed across
her that he was making her path very
easy. And she wondered at the way'
he spoke of Blake, at his utter absence
of suspicion. Her conscience moved a
little at this.
"Yes, I'm sure you'll be better at
Milldean," he went on; "and— and try
to : think things .over while you're
there." •
It was his old . attitude." i He had
nothing to think over— that task was
all' for her.- The old resentment over
came her momentary shame at deceiv
ing him. » , . ' /
"Are they so pleasant. that I want to
think, them over?"
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
"I think you know what I mean; ana
in this connection I don't appreciate
repartee for its own sake," said Grant
ley wearily, but with a polite smile.
A sudden Impulse came upon her.
She leaned across toward him and
said: .
"Grantley, have you seen Frank to
day?"
"No, I haven't to-day."
"I generally go and sit by him for a
little while at this time when I'm free.
Did you know that?"
"1 gathered it," said Grantley.
"You've never come with me, nor
offered to."
"I'm not encouraged to volunteer
things in my: relations with you, Si
bylla. 1 ;
"Will you come with ma now?" she
asked.
She herself could not tell under what
impulse she spoke — whether it were In
hope that at the last he might change,
or in the hope. of convincing herself
that he would' never change. She
watched him very intently, as though
much hungr on the answer that . he
gave. .. ■-■>.-•
Grantley seemed . to weigh his "an
swer, too, looking at; his. wife with
searching eyes. There' was a patch of
red on his cheeks.' Evidently what she .
'had '.said stirred him, and; his compos-'
ure was maintained only by an effort.
At last he spoke: ' .. • ;
,'Tm; sorry not to do anything . you
,ask or wish, but as matters are I will
not come and see':Frank with you."
"Why not?"., she asked In a quick
half-whisepr. . • "-.■
His eyes ■ were - very ' somber • as he
answered her.' .
"When you remember that you're my
wife, I'll remember that you are the"
mother of; my,, son. Till then you are
an honored; arid" welcome guest . in ; this
houge or In any, house 1 of mine." ■ ' '■ '
Their (eyes -met Both were defiant,
neither showed a'sign of yielding.' Si
bylla, drew in her breath In a long in
halation. .. • ■ . I.
"Very well,' I understand," she said.
Hesoaefrom his chair r -;
"You're going upstairs now?" he
suggested, as though about to open
\ tho door.
"I'm going, but I'm not going up
jtairs to-night," she answered as she
rose, "I shall go and write a letter or
two instead."
He bowed politely as she passed out
5f the room. Then he sat down at the
v .able again and rested his head on both
als hands. It took lpng— It took a very
long while. She was hard to subdue.
Hard it was, too, to subdue himself—
to be always courteous, never more
than permissibly ironical^ to wait for
his victory. Yet not a doubt crossed
his mind that he was on the right
track, that he must succeed in the end,
that plain reason and good sense must
win the day. But the right was very
longr. Hla face looked haggard in the
light as he sat alone by the . table and
told himself to persevere.
And Sibylla, confirmed in her de
spair, bitterly resentful of the terms
he had proposed, seeing the hopeless
ness of her life, fearing to look on the
face, of her child lest the pain should
rend her,' too pitilessly, sat down and
wrote her answer to Walter Blake. The
answer was the promise he had asked.
The images had done, their work—
hers of him and his of. her— and young
Blake's ; fancy picture of himself.
CHAPTER XHI.
The Dead and Its Dead.
"Well, have you managed to amuse
yourself to-day?" asked Caylesham,
throwing, himself heavily on a sofa by
Tom Courtland and yawning widely.
He had dropped in at Mrs. Bolton's
after, dinner. Tom had spent the day
there and had not managed to amuse
himself very much, as the surly
# grount with which he answered Cayle
sham's- question sufficiently testified.
He had eaten too much lunch, played
cards too long and too- high, with too
many "drinks" interspersed between
the hands; then had eaten a large din
ner,. accompanied by rather too much
champagne; then had. played . cards
again till both his pocket and his tem
per, were the w6rse. There had been
nothing startling, nothing lurid about
his day; it-had Just been unprofitable,
boring, unwholesome. And he did not
care about Mrs. Bolton's friends— not
about Miss , Pattie Henderson, "nor
about the . two quiet young men who
had made up the card party; His
face was a trifle flushed and his tooth
brushy hair had even more than usual
. of its suggestion of comical distress.
. "Been a. bit dull, has. it?". Caylesham
went on sympathetically. "Well, it
often is. . Oh, I like our friend Flora
Bolton, you know, so long as she
doesn't get a fit of nerves and tell you
how different she might have been.
People should never do that. At other
times she's o good sort and joist. as
ready to ruin herself as anybody- else
— nothing, of the good old traditional
harpy about her. Still, perhaps it
works out about the same."
It certainly worked out about the
same, as anybody knew better than
Tom Courtland. He was thinking
now that he had paid rather high for
a not very lively day. The only per
son he had won from was Miss Hen
derson, and he was not sure that she
•would pay.
"Must spend your time somewhere,"
he jerked out forlornly.
"A necessity of life," ! Caylesham
agreed, "and it doesn't make so much
difference, after all, where you do it.
I rather agree with the fellow who
said that the only distinction he could
see between — well, between one sort
of house and the other sort — -"was that
in the lattar you could be more cer
tain of finding whisky and soda on the
sideboard in the morning. And now
I'm. hanged if that criterion isn't
failing one. Whisky and soda's got so
general."
The card party at the other end of
the room was animated and even a
little noisy. Mrs. Bolton was prone to
hearty laughter. Miss Henderson had
a penetrating voice and usually gave
a little shriek of delight when she
won.; The two young men were rather
excited. Caylesham regarded the
scene with humorous contempt. Tom
Courtland sat in moody silence, doing
nothing. . He had even smoked till he
could smake no more. He had not a
pleasure left.
Presently Mis3 Pattle threw down
her cards and came across to them.
She was a tall, ladylike looking wom
an; only the faintest trace of cockney
accent hung about the voice. She sat
down by Caylesham in a friendly way.
"We hardly ever see you now," she
told him. "Are you all right?"
"All .right, but getting old, Pattie.
I'm engaged in .digging my own
grave." " v
"Oh, nonsense, you're quite fit still.
I say, have you heard about me?"
"Lots of things." .
"No, don't be silly. I mean, that I'm
going to be married?"
"No, are you, by Jove? Who's the
happy man?" ,7"V V-Y
"Georgie Parmenter. Do you know
him? He's awfully nice."
"I know his father. May I proffer
advice?. Get that arrangement put
down in writing. Then at the worst
. it'll be worth something to you."
Miss Pattie was not at all offended.
She laughed merrily. '
"They always said you .were pretty
wide-awake, arid I believe it!" she ob
served.' "He'll have ten thousand a
I year when his father dies."
■"In the circumstances you mention he
won't have a farthing a year till that
event happens, I'm afraid,' Pattie. A
man '. of strong prejudices, old Sir •
Georgie." . . .:.*.'. ;v
, "Well, I'm', sure I've got letters
enough to^ " k ' ■
-."That's 'all right. T shall* watch the
case with interest. 1 '. He yawned again
and rose to his feet,
i "Tom's pretty dull, isn't he?" asked
Miss Pattie with, a comical pout.
"Yes, Tom's pretty dull, certainly."
"I'm sleepy," said Tom Courtland.
"So am I. I shall go home," and
Caylesham walked off to bid the lady
of the house good-night.
The lady of the house came into the
hall and helped him on: with his coat.
; It appeared that she wanted to have a
word with him— first about the wisdom
of backing one of his horses, arid sec
ondly about Tom Courtland. Cayle
sham told- her on no account, to back
the horse, since it wouldn't win, and
waited to hear what she had to say
about Tom. •
"I'm distressed about him} Frank,"
she said. "You know I do like Tom,
and I never saw a man so down in
•the mouth." Her face was rather
coarse in feature and ruddy* in tint, but
kindly and good-natured; her concern
for Tom was evidently quite genuine.
"What a devil that wife of his must
be!"
"She has her faults. Perhaps we
have ours. Be charitable. Flora.
"Oh, you can be as sarcastic as you
like. Heaven knows I don't mind that!
But I'm worried to death about him,
and about what she'll do. And then
there's the money, too. I believe he's
hard up. It's very tiresome all round.
Oh, I don't care much what people say
of me., but I don't want to go through
the court again, if I can help it."
"Which of the two courts do you
refer to?" he asked, as he buttoned b!3
coat. "Bankruptcy or ?"
"Either of them, Frank, you old
fool!" she laughed.
"Send him back to his wife. You'll
have to soon, anyhow— when tha
money's, gone, you. know. Do it now —
before those, two men come and stand
opposite to see who goes in and out of
the house."
"But the poor chap's so miserable,
Frank; and I like him, you see."
"Ah, I can't help you against honest
and kindly, emotions. They're not part
of the game, you • know."
"Not they aren't; but they coma in.
That's the worst of it," sighed Mrs.
Bolton. "Well, good-night, Frank. We
shall get through somehow, I sup
pose." ft
"That's The only gospel left to this
age, Flora. Good-night,"
He had not been able to help poor
Mrs. Bolton much; ha had not expected
to be able to. That things could not
be helped and must be endured was,
as he had hinted, about the*one cer
tain dogma of his creed. The thing
then was to endure them as
easily as possible, to feel them as
little as one could either for one's self
or for other people. There was Flora
Bolton's mistake, and a mistake espe
cially fatal for a woman in her posi
tion. She would probably have • been
much happier if she had' not . been
just as ready to ruin herself as she
was to ruin anybody else — if she had,
in fact, been the old traditional harpy
through and through.
In truth it was not the least use dis
tressing himself about Tom Courtland.
Still he -vyas rather worried about the
affair, because Tom, again, was not
thoroughly suited to the part he. was
now playing. Plenty of men were, and
they demanded no pity. But poor old
Tom was not. He could not spend his
money without thinking about it; he
could not do things without consider
ing their bearings and their conse
quences; he could not forget to-mor
row. He had none of the qualifications.
His tendencies were just as little
suited to the game, as we,re Flora Bol
ton's honest and kindly emotions. Tom
was pre-eminently fitted to distribute
*he bacon at the family breakfast and
to take the children for their Sunday
walk, to work away at his politics . in
a solid, undistinguished way," and ".to
have a little margin in hand when he
came to make up the annual budget of
his household. But Lady Harriet had
prevailed to rout all these natural ten
dencies. A remarkable woman Lady
Harriet!
Suddenly Caylesham saw ahead of
him a figure, which he recognized by
the light of tha street lamps. It waa
John Fanshaw going in the direction
of his. home. It was rather late for
John to be .nbout. and Caylesham':*
first idea was to overtake him and ral
ly him on his dissipated hours. He had
already quickened hta $teps with this
view -when it struck him that, after
all, he would not accost John. It might
look as if he wanted to be thanked for
his loan. An>how, John would feel
bound to thank him. and he did not
desire to be thanked. So he fell behind
and followed in that fashion till his
road home diverged from John'3. But
the encounter had turned his thoughts
in. a new direction. Tom and Lady Har
riet were no more in his mind, nor
waa Flora Bolton. He was thinking
about Christine as he turned into his
flat, and being Borry that she had felt
so much dislike to taking the money
from him. It was all right that she
should dislike it, but still he was sorry
for her. Christine's small, dainty faca
had always kept so much of the child
about it that it had the power of mak
ing him very sorry for her just because
she was sorry ior herself, apart from
any gocd reasons at all. His feelings,
however, well schooled they might be.
would not easily have faced a great
distress on Christine's face. - But as ha
got into his dressing gown the somber
hue passed from his mind. Either there
was nothing to worry about or it was
no gcod worrying. Everybody would
get through somehow.
John Fanshaw pursued his home
ward way heavily and slowly. Hs had
gone straight from the Courtlands*
house to the quietest of his clubs and
'sent a messenger to his wife to say
that he was going to dine there and
that she was not to sit up In case he
were late back. He wanted to think tho
thing over, and he did not want to see
Christine. He could not even try to
doubt; Harriet Courtland's passionata
taunt and her passionate remorse — her
remorse most of all— had^ carried, and
continued to carry, absolute convic
tion; and memory, hideously actlva
and acute, still plied him with.confirm
atory details. After these six years
he remembered things which at tho
time he could hardly have been said to
know; they emerged from insignifi
cance and took on glaring meanings.
How had he been so blind? Yet ha had
been utterly blind. He had had many
quarrels with Christine over money and
so forth; he' had blamed her for many
faults, sometimes justly, sometimes
not. This one thing he had never
suspected — no. nor dreamed — of her.
It seemed to shatter at one blow all
hJs conceptions of their married life.
He was confused and bewildered at
the thought of it — so it cut away foun
dations and tore up deep-grown roots.
Christine do that? Orderly, cool, sar
castic, self -controlled Christine! She
seemed the old Christine no more. He
did not know how to be toward her.
He would hate to have her near him —
she would not seem to be his.
He found himself wishing ha had
known. of the thing at the time. It
would have been a. fearful shock, but
by how he 'would nave grown used' to
It. Something would have been done,
or,' If nothing had been done, the thing
would have become ancient history — a
familiar fact to which they would have
adjusted themselves. It was awful to
be told of it now, when it seemed too
late to do anything, when the wound
was so old, and yet the smart of it so
fresh!
And she had been such a good wife
— yes, on the whole. Their bickerings
had been only bickerings, and ha had
often been as much to blama as she.
On the whole she had bean such a
loyal friend and such a comforting
companion. He had liktd even her
acid little speeches — on tha whole.
He had always thought her not very
demonstrative perhaps, but very true
— true as steel. Cold perhaps— ha had
felt that and resented it sometimes —
but always true. He had never had
a misgiving as to that In all his mar
ried life. •
When he got home ha went straight
to his study and sat down at his writ
ing table. It was 1 o'clock, and Chris
tine would have gone to bed — ha was
glad of that. Ha made an effort to
collect his mind, becausa tha imme
diate question was not of what Chris
tine had done, not of tha blow to him.
not whether ha wanted to see Chris
tine or even could bear to see her. not
of the change all his Ufa and all his
Ideas had undergone.' There was
plenty of time to think of all that
later on. He must think now of tha
other thing— of how he stood and of
what he was going 1 to do.
He took out his keys and unlocked
the dispatch box that stood on tha
table. After pausing to take a drink
of whisky and water he opened tha
upper drawer and drew forth Cayles
ham's check for £15,000. It had been
post dated to the Monday — It was al
ready Monday now. In nine hours it
■was to have been credited to his ac
count at the bank, ready to answer his
obligations, to discharge his commit
ments, to reassure his creditors, to
drive away all the clouds which had
obscured the fair fame of his firm.
Caylesham's check and Grantley's
were to have been salvation. Grant
ley's alone was no use. And Cayles
ham's — he held It In his fingers and
looked at it with a porlns scrutiny.
Twice he reached for an envelope,
in the mind to send it back — to send it
back either with the truth or with a
lie. Once he took hold of either
end. as though to tear it across. But
a paralysis fell on his fingers. How
should he send back, how should he
destroy, that all-potent little slip of
paper? It meant credit, honor, com
fort, peace — perhaps even life. His
imagination pictured two scenes—go
ing to the city, to his office, next day,
with that slip of paper, and going
without it. The sketch was enough —
his thoughts were busy to fill in the
details. One picture meant a gradual
ascent from that of all his troubles;
the other a fall Into a gulf of calamity
unfathomable. His hands refused to
destroy or to send back the check.
But if he kept it, used it. owed sal
vation to it— what would that mean?
The question bewildered him. He could
not make out what that would mean
as regarded either himself or Cayles
ham or Christine— least of all what it
would mean as regarded Christine. He
was dully conscious that the act would
be in some sort a condonation. A con
donation going how far? Imposing
what attitude and what course of con
duct on him? How far would It con
dition his bearing toward Caylesham.
how far affect his estimate of himself?
Above all, how far dictate his relations
to Christine. He knew very well what
would; come of destroying the check or
of sending it back. He could- not rea
son, out what he would stand" commit
ted to If he kept and used it.
Ah. this horrible question could not
have arisen, either, if he had known of
the thing at the time. It was fearful
to be told of it now.
"It's a terrible situation for a manto bs placed in — terrible!" he said'
aloud. •
The thought flashed across his mind
that he could pretend not to know. He
could give Lady Harriet a caution; he
could tell her he attached no import
ance to her words; she would take the
hint and be glad. Caylesham would
suspe>ct nothing. He could keep the
check. But Christine? Could he make
that pretense to Christine?
He- was sitting shrunk low into his
chair, the check still in his fingers,
when the door opened softly, and
Christine came in. She had heard him
• pen and close the front door, and
had wondered why he did not come
upstairs. His delay, taken with his
stayinp out all the evening, made her
rts=k- whether anything had happened.
She was in a whitt- dressing gown,
tt'hich she had thrown on when she
sot out of bed. and little slippers of
white fur. She looked very small, very
cainty. very childish; her hair was
like a. child's too, brushed smoothly
""■ay from the forehead.
"Why. John, what's kept you eo late?
And what are you doing here?"
She came some steps toward him be
fore she saw what It was that he held
in his hand. Then she smiled, say
"You're gloating over that check.
y«>u foolish man!"
lie raised dull slow eyes to her.
•"Yes. I've got it here." he muttered.
Christine walked to the rug; his
table was on one side of the fireplace,
and she was within five or six feei
of him.
"What are you doing with It?" she
ask?d with an impatient ring in her
voice. She did not enjoy the sight of
the check, and had hoped to be able
by desrrecs to forget It.
"It's dated for Monday. I ought to
pay it in in the morning.'
"Well, why not? Of course you'll
jiay it in." A sudden hope rose in her.
"'Nothing's occurred to make it unne<
ctssary?"
He shook his head heavily, and laid
the paper down on the table.
"No. nothing." he said, and then his
eyes rested on her again.
"John, aren't you well T'. she asked.
Her littleness and her childishness
made no appeal to his tender feelings.
Thpir contrast with what she had done,
with the way she had deceived and be
trayed him. .roused all his repulsion,
again, and with it came now a man's
primitive fierce anger. It was Impos
sible for him to pretend not to know,
rrfan's primitive fierce anger. It was
impossible for him to pretend not to
know.
"Go away!" he said in a thick harsh
Tvhisper. "Go to bed. I don't want
you. I want to be alone."
Her eyes seemed to grow large; a
fearful apprehension dawned In them.
"What's the matter? What have I
done?" she asked, trying to summon
her wits, wondering at what point she
was attacked. Already her thoughts
were on Caylesham. but she did not yet
see whence suspicion could have come.
He gave her no clew. His eyes had
fallen to the check again: he kept
t-l;uffline his less about and fidgeting
■with his short stiff beard.
"Ah." the cried suddently, "you went
to Harriet Courtland's to-day! Has
she said something about me? John,
you wouldn't believe what she said
against me?"
He made no answer. In truth she
r.eeded one. She knew Harriet Court
land, who had been her friend and in
l:er confidence. It had not been con
sidered safe to send Raymore, becausa
Harriet would have taunted him about
!:is erring ton. She knew what Har
riet, blind with rape, had found to
t^unt John Fanshaw with. She was
hardly conscious of resentment against
the traitor. It was all too hopeless for
that, and It all seemed too inevitable.
From the moment she had agreed to go
to CayleFham for the money her fore
bodings had told her that calamity
would come. That was opening the
prave. Now the d>ad bones had come
to life. She felt as though she could
not struggle against it — could not pro
test nor deny. She did not see how
anybody could believe her denial.
"Why haven't you gone? I told you
to go. In God's name, go!" he growled
threateningly. "Leave me alone, I
tell you."
She gathered her dressing gown
closer round her. She felt as though
the cold struck through it to her body.
She felt utterly prostrated— and, oh, so
terribly, so helplessly sorry for poor
old John. She haled leaving him alone,
and wished there v.as somebody else
there to console him. She made an ad
vance toward him, holding out her
hands.
"Don't come here! Don't come near
me!" he said in a low voice.
She drew back; her eyes were on him
rnd full of pity. Now the check came
into her mind.
"And that?" she whispered.
"I think I shall kill you if you don't
Co." he said, with a sudden unsteadi
ness in his voice. EFm
"Oh, I'll go!" she murmured discon
solately. "I'll leave you alone." She
put her hands up before her face and
cave a choking sob. "It's all no use
now."
She began to walk across the room,
her fate covered In her hands, her
dressing gown trailing on the floor be
hind her. But when she got half way
she turned on him in a fit of weak pet
ulance.
"I didn't want to go to him; I tried
not to. I did all J could to avoid go
ins to him. It was you who insisted.
Ypu made me go. How could I help
it? I hated it! And now " She
came a step toward him, and her
voice changed to a very humble, sad
pleading: "It's very long ago, dear
John, many years ago. It was all over
many years ago."
He did not epeak. He motioned her
away with his hand; her appeal did
not seem to reach him at all. For
all he did, he might not have
heard it. With a long sigh she turned
away and walked unsteadily to the
door. When she reached it she turned
again, and looked at him. He was
putting the check back in the dispatch
box. with awkward trembling hands.
She went slowly up to her room and
Bat down before the dying embers of
the fixe there,
John would send back the check! He
must send it back now; it would be
a fearful thing to keep it knowing
what he did. And if he sent it back
all that happened then would be on
her head! He mustn't send it back!
She etarted up once in a panic, ready
to rush down and implore him to keep
it— implore him to commit the base
ness of keeping It. No, she could" not,
do that. If she v.cre never to speak
with him again, her last word ought
to be to beseech him to send It back.
But to ser.d it back was ruin. Between
the remorseless alternatives of calam
ity and degradaion her mind oscil
lated in helpless indecision.
Through long hours of the night
John Fanshaw wrestled with himself;
and when at last he crawled up to
his dressing-room, flung off his coat
and waistcoat, put on his slippers, and
stretched himself exhausted on his bed.
he declared that he could come and had
come to no conclusion — that It was too
hard for him. He was trying to de
ceive himself. There was a conclusion
which he would not own which had
crept and insinuated into his mmd,
while he strusrsled against it and de
nied it to himself.
He could not send back nor destroy
the check. Still his hands had refused
that office. He could not face the
city without it, could not endure the
calamity and the ruin which the loss
of it would mean. But neither would
be face the fact and what It meant—
that he was to become a party to the
transaction, to recognize, to condone
and to pardon. He had no right to
keep his anger, his indignation, the re
pulsion which made him drive Chris
tine from his presence, if he were her
accomplice. If he kept and used the
check what risht had he to moral in
dignation, to a husband's jus^ anger,
to a true man's repulsion at the shame
and the deceit?" Yet he would not give
up these things. He hugged them in
his heart, even while he hugged the
Idea of the check in his mind. . He
would be saved.j but he would not
touch the hand that saved him. That
conclusion did not bear thinking of.
But conclusions which do not bear
thinking of are none the less thoucht
out; they take possession of the pro
testing mind; they establish themselves
there. Then they seek sophisms, ex
cuses, pleas for themselves; thov point
to the good results which spring from
them. Time and familiarity rob them
of some of their ugliness; thev srow
habitual; they govern actions, shape
lives and condition character. John
Fanshaw would have it both ways
salvation by his Wile's sin, and horror
at it.
So Harriet - Court'and would have
love and loyalty, though she bridled
not her evil rage. So Mrs. Bolton
would think that honest and kindly
emotions eoujd flourish in a life like
hers. So Grantley Imason asked all
her inmost life and love of • another,
though the lock was kept turned on
his own. So Sibylla would give the
rein to impulse, and persuade herself
that she performed a duty. So young-
Blake would seek to be made good
by the enjoyment of his darling
sin. Only dainty little Christine
looked open eyed at the pleasure she
had won and at the ruin it had made.
She saw these things clearly as she sat
sleepless through the night. And when
she watched her husband start for his
work the next morning, though he had
told her nc-thing, though not a word
had passed between them, she knew
well that Caylesham's check was in
his pocket and would find its way to
the bank that day. John would have
his salvation— with or without Its price.
CHAPTER XIV.
For His Love and His Quarrel.
Jeremy Chlddingfold had established
himself in London greatly to his sat
isfaction. He had hired a bedroom in
Ebury street, an attic, and had made
friends with one Alec Turner, a Jour
nalist, who lodged in the same house.
Alec Turner took him often to the Met
ropolitan Radical Club, and had pro
pt«ed him for membership. Here he
could eat at moderate charges, play
chess, smoke and ' argue about all
things In heaven (assuming heaven)
and earth (which, anyhow, was full of
matter for argument). .And at Ebury
street he was not only within 'easy
reach of the Imasons in Sloane street,
but equally well in tc-uch with the" Sel
fords in Eccleston square, and the
Raymores in Buckingham gate. A
third-class on the Underground'Rail
way from Victoria carried him to Liv
erpool street, whence he proceeded to
the dyeing works, near Romford in
Essex. For the dyeing works . project
was taking chape. ' Jeremy had been
down to Romford several times to look
around and see what the processes
were like. He had digested the article
on dyeing of the Encyclopaedia Brit
annica, and had possessed himself of
the "Dictionary of Dyeing" -and the
"Manual of Dyeing." His talk '-: both
at the Metropolitan Radical Club ~ and
at the houses he frequented '.was full
of the learning and the terminology
of dyeing— things you , dyed, and
things you dyed the things with,
and the things you did it in, and
so forth. He fascinated- Eva Bay
more by referring airily (and at this
stage somewhat miscellaneously) .to
warm vats, and coppems, and lime
vats, to insoluble basic compounds, to
mordan>s and their applications, to sin
gle nnd double muriate of tin. You
could so so. fa-- on the article without
boihering about the Dictionary or the
Manual at all: but then Eva did ho|
know that, and thought him/ vastljl
erudita. in fact Jeremy was in love
with dyeing, and rapidly reconsidered
his estimate of the . Beautiful— the
Beautiful as suchi even divorced from
Utility— in the scheme of nature and
of life. On Alec Turner's recommenda
tion, he read Ruskin and William Mor
ris, and thought still better of . the
Beautiful.
He soon made himself at home both
at the Selfords' and at the Raymores',
dropping in fieely and casually, with
an engaging confidence that everybody
would be glad to see him and pleased
to allow him to deposit his long angu
lar body In an armchair,and talk about
dyeing or the Social Armageddon. He
was, however, interested in other things
too— not so much in pictures, but cer
tainly in dogs. He had country lore
about dogs and their diseases, and so
won. Mrs. Selford's respect. He found
Anna Selford's keen mind an interest
ing study, and delighted to. tease the
pretty innor.cence of Eva RaymoreMn
neither house was there a young man—
no son at the Selfords', and the Ray
moros* house was empty of theirs; and
Jeremy, in his shabby coat, with his
breezy Jollity and vigorous young self
assertion, came like' a gust, of fresh
wind, and seemed to blow the dust out
of the place. Mrs.- Raymore, above all,
welcomed him. He went straight to
her heart; she was for ever comparing
and contrasting him with her own boy
so far away— and only Just the inevit
able little to his disadvantage. Jeremy,
In his turn, though unconsciously, loved
the atmosphere of the Raymores' house
—the abiding sense of trouble, hard to
bear but bravely borne, and the close
ness of heart, the intimacy of love
which it had brought. Being at the
Selfords' amlsed him; but being at the
Raymores' did more than that.
And what of his broken heart? r Arina
Selford had heard the story and asked
him once in her mocking way.
-'.'You seem so very cheerful, Mr.
Chiddingfold!" said she.
Jeremy explained with . dignity. : His
heart was not broken: It-had merely
been wounded. Not only.dld:he.con
sider It his/ and any man's,'- duty. to be
cheerful,. but as a fact he found rib dif
ficulty in being .cheerful, "occupied as
he was with- the work of life, and -sus
tained 'toy. a firm purpose and -an, un
shaken resofve. -. >- i. ■_ .
"Only I don't care. to. talk about; it,"
he added, by which he meant, - really,
that he did not care to, talk abouMt'to
persons of a satirical ; turn. :• MrsoRay
more could get; him to talk about it
very freely,- while to"Eva r be. would
sometimes (usually for short times) be
THE SAN FRANCISCO .SUNDAY- CALL.
so moody and melancholy as to excite
an interest of a distinctly sentimental
nature. It 'is to be feared that, like
most lovers, Jeremy was not above a
bit of posing now and then. He was
having a very, full and happy life, and,
without noticing the fact, began grad
ually' to be more patient about the
riches and the^fame. v
None the less, affairs. were In. train.
Selford's working partners were dis
posed to be complaisant about Jeremy
and the dyeing works; they were will
ing to oblige Selford, and found them
selves favorably impressed by the
young man himself. But business is
business. They could give him a pit
tance forever, no doubt. If he wanted
that very thing— an opening— other
considerations came to- the front. .Good
openings are not lightly given away, j
In fine, Jeremy could come .'and. try
his hand at a nominal salary. If he
proved his aptitude, 1 they would be will
ing to have him for a Junior partner;
but in that case he must put five thou
sand pounds into the "- business. The
sum was not a: large one to ask. they
said; and with all their good opinion
of Jeremy and all their desire to oblige
Selford. they could not, in Justice to
themsslves, their wives,, and their
families, put the figure any lower. '
It was rather a shock to Jeremy, this
first practical illustration of the per
vading truth that, in order to get money
you must have some first. He might
give all he had in the world, and not
realize five thousand pounds. He went
to tea at the Raymores' that- evening
with his spirits dashed. He had con
sulted Alec. Turner, but that young
man had only whistled, implying there
by that Jeremy might whistle for the
money too. . The journalistic tempera
ment was not, Jeremy felt, naturally,
sympathetic: so he laid the question
before Mrs." Raymore. *
To her it was " the opening of the
sluice-gates. She " was full of maternal
love, dammed up./ by distance and ab
sence." She was tender and' affectionate
toward Eva, but her 'love for, her
daughter was pale, and weak beside her
feeling for her only son; and ; now a
portion of the 'flow meant for far-off
Charley * was diverted to . Jeremy. .- She
loved and could have wept his
brave simplicity,' hlf) sincere question as
to how 'he- could^ speedily make five
thousand ' pounds. . He : was not : a fool ;
he . knew L he i could .: not ; break the bank
atJMorite. t Carlo,;or write; a- play or. a
novel, or get k the desired sum thereby if
he C did ;Y. but r,. he. ■ had"?, the . great Z folly,
which clings to : men older than he was
—the - belief /'that i blind -impartial : f or*
tune " may - 1 show ■ special , ; divine . favor,
ate i Raymore smiled and- sighed. .
' "Have -you - noj friends who < would
"guarantee ~ it— who .would advance it?
You could pay interest,; and pay off the
capital i gradually," " she ; suggested.
That waa not at all. Jeremy's idea.
"No, I don't want to do that. I
don't want to be indebted to anybody."
'"But it's a pity to let the chance slip,
from a feeling of that sort," she urged.
"Besides there's nobody in our family
who ever, had bucK" >a lot of money to
spare," "said Jeremy, descending to the
practical. He. sighed too, and acknowl
edged the first check to . his ardent
hopes, the first disillusionment. In the
words: "I must wait." When a man
says that he must wait, he has begun
to know something of the world. The
lesson that often he must wait In vain
remains behind.
"But I shall find out some way," he
went on (the second lesson still un
learned). I've got a fortnight to give
my answer in. They'll keep It open for
me till then."
Eva came in, with her large learning
eyes,*and her early charming girl's
wonder at the strength and cleverness
of the young men she liked. In a very
few minutes Jeremy was confident and
gay, telling her how he had the pros-,
pect of a partnership in quite a little
while. Oh, yes, a Junior partnership,
of course, and a minor share. But it
ought to be worth four or five hundred
a year anyhow— yes, to start with.
And what it might come to — in vigor
ous hands,' with new blood, new in
tellect, new energy— well, nobody could
tell.':'", Mr. Thrale's casks and vats were
not really— as a potentiality of growing
rich beyond the dreams of avarice —
comparable to Jeremy's vats and. mor-
dants and muriates. Eva was wonder
fully impressed and . exclaimed, : in
childish banter:
v"I .hope you'll know us still, after
you're as rich as that!" ■
Jeremy liked that. It was Just the
sort of feeling which his wealth was
destined to raise in Dora Hutting.
Meanwhile, pending the absence and
obduracy of : Dora, it was not unpleas
ant to see it reflected in Eva's won
dering . eyes. Mrs. Raymore listened'
and looked on with a fixed determina
tion to lose ho" time in telling Grant
ley Imason that for a matter of flva
thousand pounds, the happiness of a
life— of a life . or ■ two— was to be had.
The figure was often cheaper, than
that," of course; less than that often
meant joy or. woe — far less. Witness
Charley in "Buenos Ay res, over youth
ful folly and a trifle of a hundred and
fifty! But Grantley was rich — and she
did not know that he had. recently lent.
John Fanshaw fifteen thousand
pounds.
In requltaj for services rendered at
the Metropoli tali. Radical, Jeremy had
introduced his friend Alec Turner to
the Selfords. Alec had come up to
town from the staff a provincial
journal, and found very few houses
open to him in London, so that he was
grateful. He had a native, although
untrained, liking for art, and could
talk i about pictures to Selford, while
Jeremy talked about dogs to Mrs. Sel
ford;* and both the young men sparred
with Anna,"; whose shrewd hits kept
them - well, on their defense. Alec
went about his avocations In a red tie,
a : turned down collar and lively mus
tard-colored - clothes. - A dress suit he
assumed reluctantly when he was . sent
to report the speeches of prosperous
Philistine persons at public dinners.
He hated I prosperous Philistine ; per
sons, especially, if their prosperity, (and
consequent Phlllstlnlty) came from art
or letters, and delighted : in composing
paragraphs which should ; give them . a
little, dig.- He was, however, not really
ill-natured,, and .would not have hurt
■ the ' prosperous i persons i seriously, ,* even
if - he * could have; \ he } was ; anxious \ to
declare : -. that ; neither he nor j -anybody
• else: could,' in fact,' hurt them seriously,
owing . to : the stupidity .of - the public^—
which was incalculable. He was a de
cided assistance to Jeremy in enliven
ing the Selford household and in keep
ing Anna's wits busy and bright.
"I suppose nothing would induce you
to be successful?" she said to him
with malicious simplicity.-".
"Success for me means something
Quite different," Alec explained. "It
lies in influencing the trend of public
opinion."
"But the public's hopelessly stupid!
It seems to me rather foolish to spend
your time trying to influence hopeless
ly stupid people."
Jeremy chuckled. 'He did not see
how Alec was going to get out of that.
' "I spoke of the bulk. There is a
-small intelligent minority on whom one
can rely."
"If you can rely on them already,
why do they want influencing?" ob
jected Anna.
"On whom one can rely for a hearing
and for intelligent appreciation, Miss
Selford." .
" "Then the fewer people who care
what you say, the more successful you
really are?"
"That's hardly the way I should put
it-~-"
"No, I' don't suppose you would," in
terrupted Anna. "But it comes to
that, doesn't it, Jeremy?"
"Of course It does," agreed Jeremy.
"The' fact is, . writing about things is
all rot. Go and do something — some
thing practical."
Dyeing was something practical.
"Oh, yet, go Into business, of course,
and get rich by cheating! Trading's
only another name for cheating."
"Well, you're right there for once,",
said Anna.
"Right?" cried Jeremy. fiercely.
"Well, then, why isn't it cheating
when he" (he pointed scornfully at
Alec) "charges a ha'penny for his
. beastly opinion about something?"
"Oh, it's not for me to say! You
must ask Mr. Turner that."
In fact the discussions were of a most
spirited order, since- everybody was al
ways quite wrong, and each in turn
could be rapidly and ignominiously re
futed, the other two uniting in a warm
but transient alliance to that end.
This young and breezy society was
good for Selford, and for his wife too.
It gave them something to think about, '
and did not leave each so much time
to consider the unreasonableness of the
other. Tiffs became less frequent, the
false eentimentalism of their reconcilia
tions was less in demand; and as they
watched Anna's deftness and bright
ness, they began" to ask whether they
had been as proud of her as they
ought to be.
"She's got brains, that girl of ours,"
said Selford, nodding his head com
placently.
"And a taking manner, don't you
think. Dick?"
"Those boys find - her attractive, or
it looks like it, anyhow!".
"Of course she's not exactly pretty,
but I do think she's rather distingushed
somehow."
"Your daughter would be sure to be
that, my dear Janet," he remarked gal
lantly.
"No, I r !y think she's more like
you," insisti I Janet amiably. "I must
make an effort" (Mrs. Selford was fond
of that praise) "and take her out into
society more. I don't think we're quite
giving her her chance."
"Ah, you've begun to think of
match-making!" he cried In playful re
proof.
But It pleased him highly to think
that he had, after all, an attractive
daughter. He took much more notice
of her than he had been used to take, -
and Mrs. Selford eyed her with critical
affection. Decidedly the increa/e of
human interest, as opposed to artistic
and canine, was a good influence in the
Selford household.
Anna soon saw how her position had
Improved. She was not demonstrative
about it, but she appreciated it. She
was also 'sharp enough to use it. The
next time an Invitation to a party
came, . she refused to go * unless she
might have a frock of her own choos
ing. .
"I won't go if I'm to look a' guy!" she
■aid. .
There was a battle over that, a battle
between her and Mrs. Selford, and a
tiff between father and mother to boot.
For Selford was with Anna now. They
. won the day, and Anna with a check in
her pocket, went off to consult Chris
tine Fanshaw, nursing in her heart
that joy which only the prospect of
being dressed really Just as you'd like
to be dressed seems'able to excite.
"Merely a malicious desire to cut out
the other girls," comment Alec loftily.
"I really don't think you ought to
talk about dress," retorted Anna, e>
ing the mustard suit.
But when Anna appeared in the frock
which Christine had sedulously and
lovingly planned, she carried all before
her. She was most undoubtedly dis
tinguished.
"Well, I suppose you've come to an
age when that charming simplicity
/which used to suit you so well must
give way to something more stylish,"
even Mrs. Selford admitted, capitulating
and marching out— but with the honors
of war.
Grantley Imason was rich; yet fifteen
thousand pounds .is a solid sum of
money. To put that sum at John Fan
shaw's disposal had not caused him
* serious ( inconvenience, but it had en
tailed a little contriving. To lay out
another five thousand In Jeremy's ser
vice would involve more contriving,
and the return of the money rested, of
necessity, in a distant and contingent
future. Nevertheless, when Kate Ray
more uggeted that the happiness
of a life should be secured,
he found the proposition attractive.
He was a man lavish of money and
appreciative of all the various pleas
ures of giving it away — both those. of
a more and those of a less self-regard-
Ing order. He enjoyed both the delight
of the recipient and ' the sense of his
own generosity and his own power. He
would like Jeremy to be indebted to
him for the happiness of his life — of*
course that was an exaggerated way of
putting it, but it was a telling ex
aggeration. He also liked Jeremy very
much for his own sake. And it would
be altogether a handsome thing to do —
under present circumstances a pecu
liarly handsome thing. , For Sibylla had
left him and gone down to Milldean, ac
companied by the boy, without a word
of friendship or a hint of reconcilia
tion; and Jeremy's welfare was very
dear to his sister. To help Jeremy, and
thereby prepare for her the pleasure
of seeing Jeremy prosper, to do this
■ secretly, to have it as a private merit
.and a hidden claim on her, was an idea
which appealed strongly to Grantley.
In his imaginings she was to discover
.what he had done in the future, but
Vnot till after their reconciliation.' Would
it not have an effect then? One effect
' it was to have was. in plain words, .to
make Sibylla feel ashamed: but Grant
ley did not put it so simply or so nak
edly as that— that would have been to
•recognize the action as almost pure
revenge. He blinked that side of It,
and gave prominence to the other sides.
But ■ that side • was there among the
.rest; and he would suffer wrong at
her hands with , the more endurance
the greater were the obligations she
was -under to him. His love for her
and his quarrel with-^er joined hands
to urge. him. Commanding: Kate Ray
more to respect his desire for secrecy,
he undertook to consider the matter.
But his mind was really made, up; and
since the thing was to be done, it
should be done liberally and splendid
ly." " He had lent his ' money to Fan
shaw, as Caylesham had surmised,
with a very, satisfactory prospect of re
payment; to Jeremy he was ready -to
lend It on no security, careless about re
' payment, because he loved Sibylla and
- because : he ■ hat/ so . grievous a quarrel
against her. It was ■ all a part of his
' broad ' anil ' consistent plan, of conquer-
ing her by his unchanging patience, un
changing love, unchanging persistence
in being just what he had always been
to her from the beginning, however
sore a trial her unreasonableness and
her vagaries might put him to. This
generosity to Jeremy would be a flue
example of his chosen attitude, a fine
move in the strategy on \vhich he had
staked the ultimate success of hl3
campaign against Sibylla.
"If I decide to do it. I'll tell Sibylla
myself, at my own time, and in my own
way— remember that," he said to Kate
Raymore.
She had an idea that things had not
been going quite smoothly, and nodded
in a wise fashion. ''She was picturing a
pretty scene oi sentiment when Grant
ley confessed his generosity. Of the
real state of his mind she had no idea.
but her own conception of the case was
enough t,o ensure her silence.
* Grantley went to work quietly, say
ing nothing to Jeremy, approaching the
working partners through Selford.
learning what they thought of Jeremy,
nut letting them suppose that the sum
required was lightly to come by or
was considered a small one, making,
like a good man of business, the best
bargain^ that he could for the object of
.his bounty. These negotiations took
some days, and during those days
Jeremy's heart lost something of Its
buoyancy, though nothing of Its cour
age. London was having its effect on
his receptive mind — the crowd, tha
stress, the push, the competition. Cour
age and brains enough to rise by?
Perhaps, but not enough to rise by
quickly. A walk about the streets, a
look at the newspapers, the talk at the
Metropolitan Radical, all taught him
that. Wait and work — wait and work!
That was what they all said — and none
of them sr.id that It was easy to lay
your hands on five thousand pounds.
The light of truth began to glimmer
through those folds of young self-confi
dence. Jeremy grew sober; he was no
more so gay and so assured in talking
with Eva Kaymore. He allowed him
self to dwell less on that mythical re
turn to Milldean with fame and riches.
Now and then, it must be confessed,
he had to brace himself up lest his
very courage should falter. He con
trived to keep it; but with it there
•came now the feeling r.ew to Jeremy —
a humility, a sense that he was. after
all, as other men were, and neither by
natural endowment nor by any rare
caprice of fortune to be different from
them or to find his life other than
theirs. He, too, was not above the
need of «. helping hand; for want of it
he, too, might have to tread very long
ar.d very dreary paths before he made
much Impression on the hill which he
had set out to- climb so gaily, and with
so little provender for the Journey. In
such a mood as this he was as incap
able of expecting any sudden interposi
tion of outside aid as of refusing it
when it came. He would protest, he
would declare that he must refuse, but
refuse in the end he could not. The
fierce jealousy of his independence was
cooled by his new ' experience of the
world.
He heard first of what was being
done from one of the partners down at
Romford. The matter was practically
concluded, he was told; in two years'
time he was to have the Junior part
nership, and the share allotted to him
at that date would be somewhat larger
in consideration of the stipulated cap
ital being paid immediately — it hap
pened to be wanted for an extension of
the buildings. Jeremy threw over work
for that day, aod hurried back to Lon
don—to refuse. But all the way he
was thinking of the incredible differ
ence this benevolent interposition
would make.
He found Grantley in hl3 study after
lunch. The deed regulating the ar
rangements between the partners on
the one side and Jeremy and himself
on the other was before him. A look
at Jeremy's face told him that Jeremy
knew.
"I— I can't take it, you know."
Jeremy blurted out.
"You can't escape the obligations S1-.
bylla has brought on yuu by marrying
me," smiled Grantley.
"Of course Sibylla's been at you — told
you she couldn't be happy unless — "
"Nothing of the kind. Sibylla knows
nothing about it; and, what's more, she
isn't to know till I choose to tell her —
till I choose, not you — that's part of the
bargain, Jeremy."
Jeremy sat down. Anxious to avoid
a formal talking-over of the matter,
Grantley got up and lit a cigarette.
"Then why have you done it?" asked
Jeremy.
Grantley shrugged hl3 shoulders.
"Of course it's the one thing In tha
world for me; but — but I wanted to do
it for myself, yo-u know." Grantley still
smiled on him. with a touch of mock
ery now. "Yes, well, I know I
couldn't." He looked at Grantley in a
puzzled way. "What makes it worse,"
he went on, "is that I've been doing
you an Injustice in a kind of way. X
knew you were always kind and — and
Jolly, but somehow I thought you w«re
a fellow, who wouldn't put himself out
very much for— anybody else.
"I'm not putting myself out. I lilts
it."
"Planking down five thousand, and
not knowing when you'll get it back.
If ever you do? If you like that for its
own sake, it's rather a rare taste."
"Now don't Jaw any more," said
Grantley with friendly impatience. "1
was Just going to sign the deed when
you came in. I should have done it by
now, but I must have a witness, and I
didn't want to ring Thompson up from
hi3 dinner. We'll ring him up now."
"I'm not an ass," said Jeremy. Z
don't think that because a man mar
ries a woman he's bound to provid* for
her family— or to like them, either."
"You grow in worldly wisdom."
"Yes, I fancy I do. I know a bit
more about myself, too. I might hxv*
worked ten years and not got this
money."
"Oh, thank my forefathers! Pve not
worked ten years, or ten minutes*either.
for you." His back had been to
Jeremy. He turned round now aa he
said slowly: "You may consider it aa
a thank offering for my happiness with
Sibylla."
"And why isn't she to knowl**
•*I . like it better that way for th«
present. I'm.entitled to make that con
dition." C
Jeremy went, back to his defenM'oC
himself against himself.
"A week ago I— I'd havetacked my
self to make it somehow. But— well,
one soon learns how devilish hard it 1*
to; get -What one wants. What a coat
ceited young idiot you must ha.v<
thought me when we used to talk da-ad*
at Milldean !"
"You were always an excellent com
panion. Let's ring for Thompson and
execute the deed."
Jeremy could not refuse and could
not yet consent. Grantley stood smok
ing airily and looking at him with a
whimsical smile. Then the door
opened and the butler came In, unsum
znoned.
"Ah, the Fates decide!" exclaimed
Grantley with a laugh. "Where's a
pen, Jeremy?"
"For you, sir," said Thompson, hold
ing out a salver with a letter on it. .
"Oh!" Grantley laid down his pen.
took the letter, and sat down at the
writing-table. "Wait a minute; I want
you to witness something for me," ha
said* to the butler.
Thompson stood In serene Immobility.
His thoughts were far feway, engrossed
in a discussion he had been having
with the groom as to the ."form" of
that same horse of Cayleshajn's about
which Mrs. Bolton had wanted to
know. Jeremy sat making up his mind
to endure helng helped and poignantly
remorseful about the view he had
taken of Grantley. The view was
earnestly disclaimed now; tha help
seemed fine i%d wonderful. H* did so
want hope, acogl. a. chance, a, lUry aadthat all his talk of what he would do
should not come to naught. In turn
Dora, Eva and Anna passed through
his mind, each bringing her own in
fluence to bear, giving him a new pic
ture of the future. And why refuse?
If ever a gift had been freely, grandly
offered, this was. Would it not be even
churlish to refuse? Reasons or no
reasons, his heart and his hands went
out lestipctively; he could not refuse
the beginning of all things.
Giving his head a restless little jerk
as at last he accepted this decision, he
chanced to turn his eyes on Grantley's
face. His attention was caught and
arrested by it. There was something
strange there. The cheeks were rather
pale, the jaw set rigidly. Grantley read
his letter with a curious engrossment—
not hurriedly nor offhand, as a man
generally reads when other business is
at a standstill till ha reaches the end.
He turned back, it seemed, once or
twic, to look at another sentence again.
Even Thompson awoke to the fact that
he was being kept waiting a long while,
and that the groom would probably
finish the beer and go away, leaving
their Important discussion unfinished
and the proper odds unascertained.
Grantley had recognized Christine
Fanshaw's large irregular handwriting,
and had expected nothing more serious
than an invitation to dinner. But he
was not reading an Invitation to dinner
now.
"I have Jast heard from Sibylla/ —
from Milldean. Sha incloses a letter
for you, which ah,e says I am to send
en to ycu to-morrow. She insists that
I am not to send It before; and If I
won't do as she asks, I am to burn It.
You are not to have it to-day. I can
not dieobey her in this, but she says
nothing: about my telling you she has
sent a letter; tha only thing Is that I
must not deliver It to you till to-mor
row. I had no idea you had let her
go down to Milldean alone. How could
you let her do this? There is one other
thing I must say to you. Walter Blake
was to have dined here to-night. This
morning he wired excuses, saying he
was going for a cruise in his yacht.
You must consider what that means. I
beg you not to wait for the letter, but
go to Milldean this afternoon. Say
nothing of having heard from me.
Just go as if by accident; say you got
your work done sooner than you ex
pected, or anything you like, but go. I
believe you'll be sorry all your life If
you don't go. Let nothing stop you,
for your own sake, and still more for
hers.— C. F."
That was the letter; the sentence he.
had turned back to reread was the one
in which Walter Blake's movements
were mentioned.
Grantley looked across to Jeremy.
"Have you heard from Sibylla since
she went to Milldean?" he asked.
ANNftllNriTMPWT - • a : , ■ mesa Dinrc
For the purpose of encouraging California and Western writers. Each Week for the BeSt»= f .
by offering a consideration for short stories equal to that paid by the Wo story will be considered that is less than asoo nor more than
best magazines, and for the purpose of bringing young and unknown - dT* S& If IFfe C* Tffc ¥ 3 f°-° WOraS 1IX lcngth - The ltn * th oi the stor y must be marked in
writers to the front, the Sunday Call announces a weekly fiction con- Rb£| | g g| | | | | || W^ P lain n gu r «.
test in which a cash prize of $50 will be paid each week for the best VJ H M Xfife^ A^. A IB Ja V^P S^. m t *u 1 r iii*™'-"' t
story submitted. There is no section of America more fertile in ma- /*^ » • 'W •.^ : mp *+* A <» X* A. In the selection of stones names will not count. The unknown
terial for fiction or more prolific in pens gifted to give spirit to the #;£■£ ♦ - . wnter will have the same standing as the popular author.
material at hand than is California and the West. Therefore the Sun- j . _ _. Ill
day Call offers $50 for the best story submitted each week bv a West- jriai EVKBMU JtSSSfBL. 193-ffiK s one °^ t * ie °t"' ccts of the Sunday Call is to develop a new corp3
era writer. Stories of Western life and Western characters will, as a tnvHrab ESP"*« i$S5&&&)fr <gSp^^TO oi Western w "ters no stories under noms de plume will be considered.
rule, be given the' preference, but all strong stories, and especially liIJi*®* fig_ ;.,- a story carns publication it will be well worth the writer's name,
strong stories by new writers, will receive careful consideration. Kgfg&i.. H»l^iSL. • HH l^a HftB- ' I\/ ■
Each story will be iudged strictly upon its literary merit." Type-' "' ' Stories not accepted will be returned at orxe. Those selected
written copy is the easiest to read and will receive the first consider- *-— Bngfi m |||| WM g^a| will be published one each week,
ation from the editor, but do not hesitate to send a story in hand- ffJctlLPj £xl*&jfiill rajj^ • . ' V^
v.-ritir.R if you cannot afford to have it typewritten. TMtM&Tr This fiction contest will be continued indefinitely.
Fifty dollars in cash for a story of not less than 2500 words and jjjj TsnaiSr xeSUbSj \Wi&fW . \/l
not more than 3500 words is approximately $17 per thousand words. ; •■ - ■ . * An author may submit as many manuscripts as he desires, but no
or 1.7 cents per word. The highest price paid by the leading magazines . ' ' one w " tc f wHl e . pennitted to win more than three prizes during the
for the work of any but the very best writers is rarely more than ==SllbnVltted tO the contest.
two cents a word, more often one cent and a half, and generally orte . \/II
cent. With the majority of magazines the writer, after his story is ac- - cy V&VV^ £l. 9 &%. Ik 12 © Always inclose return postage. No manuscripts will be returned
cepted, is compelled to wait until the publication of his storv before Ife^ D| | a^kfl |ft #\& & gib. B S unless accompanied by return postage.
he is paid, a period of seldom less than six months, and usually from *j| \k_jp i^g S^ jT**^ H 1L 4 J»%. S^« i " VIII
nir.e months to a year. The stories accepted in this contest will be * * && • » * >'. ' • «" *^ fi^jr Write on one side of paper only; put name and address legibly on
paid for immediately upon publication, and will be published on the ■"::'< ' last page, and address to the 'SUNDAY EDITOR OF THE CALL.
first Sunday following the judging of the week's manuscripts. - l ! '- ; • . SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
"Not a line. But she doesn't write
much to me."
Again Grantley looked at the paper.
Thfcn he laid it down and took up his
in-n.
"Now for the deed," he said, and
drew it to him.
He signed. Thompson fulfilled the
formality for which he was required,
and then left them alone. Jeremy did
not break out into new thanks. That
unexplained something in Grantley's
face forbade him.
"I can only say that I'll try to Jus
tify your extraordinary kindness," he
said soberly.
Grantley nodded absently, as he rose
and put Christine's letter Into the fire.
It was better there— and there was no
dancer that he would forget the con
tents.
"I say, there's no bad news, is
there?" Jeremy could not help asking.
"No news at all, good or bad," an
swered Grantley, as he held out his
hand. "Good-by and good luck, Jer
emy."
Jeremy took his hand and gripped it
hard, emotion finding a vent that way.
G.rantley returned the pressure more
moderately.
"Remember, under no circumstances
a word about It to Sibylla!" he said.
"I give you my honor." 'V.'
"Good."
He released Jeremy's hand and
turned away. He had much self-con
trol, but he could not be sure of what
was showing on his face.
Jeremy had his great good fortune,
but his joy was dashed. Grantley
looked like a man whom heavy calam
ity finds unprepared.
"Ail the finer of him to sign the deed
then and there," Jeremy muttered as
he left the house. "Whatever has hap
pened, he didn't forget his word to
me." -
But it was not of Jeremy or of his
word that Grantley had been thinking
when he signed. His signature was a
defiance of his wife and of his fate:
CHAPTER XV.
In the Teeth of the Storm.
An instinct of furtiveness, newly
awakened by the suggestion of Chris
tine Fanshaw's letter, had led Grant
ley Imason to send no word of his
coining. He hired a fly at the station,
and drove over the downs to Mill
dean. It was a wild evening:. A gale
had been blowing from the southwest
all day, and seemed to be Increasing In
violence. A thick rain was driven in
sharp spats against the closed win
dows. The old horse tolled slowly
along, while the Impatient man chafed
helplessly Inside.
At last he stopped at Old Mill House
and dismissed* the carriage. Mrs.
Mumple's servant girl came to the door,
and said her mistress was up at 'his
houee, and was, she thought, to stay
there all night. . Grantley nodded, and
began to trudge up the hill. He had
no thought but to seek and flnd Sibyl
la. It was now between 7 and 8, .and
dusk had fallen.
He saw a light In tha dining-room
windows. He walked Into the. hall and
took off his hat. A servant saw him
and ran to help him. Saying briefly
that he would want some dinner, he
went into the dining-room.. Mrs. Mum
ple sat there alone over a chop.
"You come home, Mr. Imason!" she
exclaimed. "Sibylla didn't expect you,
did she?"
"No, I didn't texpect to come. I
didn't think I could get away, and it
wasn't worth wiring-. Where is Si
bylla?"
"How unluckyj She's gone away — to
Fairhaven. Sha didn't expect you.
She's to sleep the night there." •
He came to the table and poured
himself out a glass of sherry. He was
calm and quiet In his manner.
"To sleep at Fairhaven? Why, who's
she going to stay with?" %
"Mrs. Valentine. You know her? She
lives by the church— a red housa with
creepers."
Mrs. Valentine was, as he knew, an
old, but not an Intimate, acquaintance.
He shot a keen glance at Mrs. Mum
ple's simple broad face.
"I'm here to look after, baby. But, of
course, since you've come ** .
"No, no, you stay here; and go on
with your dinner. They'll bring some
thing for me directly."
Ht pulled up a chair and sat down.
"To sleep at Mrs. Valentine's? Has
Ehe often done that before when I've
been away?"
"She used to as a girl- sometimes, Mr.
Imason; but no, never lately, I think
not sines she married."
There were no signs of disturbance
or distress about Mrs. Mumple. Grant
ley sat silent while the servant laid a
place for him and promised some din
ner in ten minutes. . .
"Has Sibylla been all right?"
"Oh. yes. A little fretful the last
day or two. I think. But Mr. Blake
came over from Fairhaven yesterday,
and she had a nice walk with him;
and she was with baby all the morn-
Ing."
"All the morning? When did she go
to Fairhaven?"
"I think It was about 3' o'clock. It's
a terrible evening, Mr. Imason."»
"Very rough, irtdeed."
"The wind rose quite suddenly th,is
morning, and it's getting worse every
minute."
Grantley made no answer. After a
pause the old woman went on:
"I've got some news." •
"News have you? What news?"
He was suddenlv on the alert %
She_ glanced at the door to make sure
the servant was not within hearing.
"Very great news for me, Mr. Ima
son. ., Sly dear husband's to come three
months sooner than I thought. I got a
letter ' to say so just after Sibylla
started."
"Oh, really! Capital, Mrs. Mumple!"
"It's, only a matter of six months
now. You can't think what I feel
about it — now it's as near as that. I
haven't seen him for hard on ten years.
What will it be like? I'm full of Joy.
Mr. Imason; but somehow I'm afraid
too— terribly afraid. The thought of
it seems to up'set me, and yet I can't
think of anything else."
Grantley rubbed his hand across his
brow. Old Mrs. Mumple's talk reached
him dimly. He was thinking hard.
This sleeping at Mrs. Valentine's
sounded an unlikely story.
Mrs. Mumple, in her turn, forgot her
chop. She leaned badk In her chair,
clasping her fat hands in front of her.
"We shall have to pick up the old
life." She went on. "After seventeen
years! I was 35 when he left me, and
nearly as slight as Sibvlla herself. I'm
past 50 now, Mr. Imason, and it's ten
years since I saw him; and he's above
60, and— and they grow old soon in
there. It'll be very different, very dif
ferent. And— and I'm half afraid of
It, Mr. Imason. It's terribly hard to
pick up a life that's once been broken."
The servant brought In Grantley's
dinner and Mrs. Mumple pretended to
go on with her chop.
"Nurse said I was to tell you Mas
ter Frank is sleeping nicely," the ser
vant said to Mrs. Mumple, as he placed
a chair- for Grantley.
That was a strange story about Mrs.
Valentine.
"We must have patience and love,
on," said airs. Mumple. "He's had a
grievous trial and bo have I. But I
don't lose hope. All's ready for him—
his socks and his shirts and all. I'm
ahead of the time. I've nothing to do
but wait. These laet months'll seem
very long, Mr. Imason."
Grantley came to the table.
"You're a good woman, Mrs. Mum
pie," he said.
She shook her head mournfully. He
looked at the food, pushed it away and
drank another glass of sherry.
"Don't think I've no sympathy with
you. but — but I'm worried." ;
"Nothing gone wrong in town, I hope,
Mr. Imason?" . ■
"No."
He stood there frowning. He did
not believe the story about Mrs. Val
entine. He walked quickly to the bell
and rank it loudlv.
"Tell them to saddle Rollo, and bring
him round directly."
"You're never golngf out on such -a
night?" she cried. : ■
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALU
' "I must;" and he added to the sur
prised servant: "Do as I tell you di
rectly."
"Where are vou going*" she asked
wonderingly. - ,~: b. -v f- ■'. -
"I'm going to Mrs, Valehtint'a/*
"But you've no causa to be anxious
about Sibylla.. Mr. Imason; and she'll
be back to-morrow." .
Qjrantley was- convinced that she, at
least, was Innocent of any plot. - Sim
ple sincerity spoke on her face, and all
her thoughts 'were for herself and her
dearly cherished fearful hopes.
"I must see Sibylla on a matter of
urgent business to-night,"_ he said.
"It'll be hardly safe up on the
downs," she expostulated.
"It'll be safe enough for me," he an
swered grimly. ' "Don't sit up for me;
and look after the baby." 'He smiled at
her kindly, then came and patted her
hand for a moment. "Yes, it would be
hard to pick up a life that's once
broken, I expect," he said.
She looked up at him with a sudden
apprehension in her eyes. His manner
was strangely quiet; he seemed to her
gentler.
"There, I mean nothing but what I
say," he told her soothingly. "I must
go and get ready for my ride."
"But, Mr. Imann, you'll take some
thing to eat first?" „
"I can't eat." He laughed a little.
"I should like' to drink, but I won't.
Good night, Mrs. Mumple."
Ten minutes later ha was walking his
horsa down tha hill to -Milldean, on
his way to Fairhaven. But ha had lit
tle thought of Mrs. Valentine; he had
no belief in that story at 'all.' It served
a purpose, but not the purpose for
which it had been meant. What it did
was to remove the last of his doubts.
Now he knew that Christine's sugges
tion was true. Ha was going to Fair
haven not to flnd Sibylla at, Mrs. Val
entine's, but to seek Sibylla and Blake
he knew not where. ;
: He thought not much of Sibylla. He
had taught himself to consider his
wife Incalculable — a prey to disordered
whims, swept on by erratic Impulses.
This whim was more extraordinary,
more disorderly, more erratic than any
of the others; but it was of the same
nature with them, the same kind of
thing that she had done when she de
termined to hold herself aloof from
him. This blow had fallen entirely and
utterly unforeseen, but he acknowl
edged grimly that it had not been un
foreseeable. He thought even less of
young Blake, and thought of him
without much conscious anger. The
case there was a very plain one. He
had known young Blake in the days
when aspirations did not exist, and;
when the desire to be good was not part
of his life. He took him as he had
known him then-, and the case was very
simple. Whatever an attractive woman
will give, men like Blake will take,
recking of nothing, forecasting nothing,
careless of themselves, merciless to her
whom they are by way of lpving. In
regard to Blake the thing had nothing
strange in it. Here, too, it was unex
pected, but again by no means unfore
seeable.
No, nothing had been, unforeseeable;
and In what light did that fact leave
him? What flavor should that give to
his meditations? For though. he rode
as quickly as he could against the gale
and the rain which* now blinded and
scorched his eyes, his mind moved
more quickly still. Why, -It set him
down as a fool intolerable — as the very
thing he had always laughed at and
despised, as a dullard, a simpleton, a
dupe. He could hear the mocking
laughter and unashamed chuckling, he
could see the winking eyes. He. knew
well enough what men thought of him.
They had.. attributed to him success
with women; they had Joked when he
married, saying many husbands would
feel safer; they had liked hi 1 and ad
mired him, but they had been of opin
ion that he wanted taking down a peg.
How they would laugh to think that he
of all men had made such a mess of it,
that he had let young Blake take away
his wife— young Blake, whom he had
often chaffed for their amusement or
Instructed for their entertainment!
Imason had got a pretty wife, but he
couldn't keep her, poor old boy! That
would be the comment— an ounce of
pity to a hundredweight of contempt,
and— yes, a pound of satisfaction. And
it would be all true. ; Somehow — even
allowing for Sibylla's vagaries and un
accountable whims, he could not tell
how— something he had been a gross
dupe, a blockhead blindly self-satisfied,
a dullard, easily deluded, a fool readily
adandoned and left, so intolerable that
not all- his money, nor his
houses, nor his carriages could make
it -worth while even to, go* on with the
easy task of deceiving, him.- He was
not worth deceiving any more; It was
s!mpler to be rid of him. In the eyes
of the world that fact would be very
significant of what he was. And that
same thing he was in his own eyes
now. The stroke of this sharp sword
had qloven In .two the armor of his
pride; it. fell off him . and left him
naked. •• •
Could he endure this fate for all his
life? It would last all his life; peo
ple have long memories and the tradi
tion does not die. It would not die
even with hi j life. No, by heaven, it
v/Quld not! A new thought seized him.
There was the boy to whom he* had
given life. What had hs given to the
boy now? What a father would the
boy have to own? And what of the
boy's mother? The story would last
the boy's life, too. It would always be
between him and the boy. And the
boy would never dare speak of his
mother. The boy would be kept In
ignorance till ignorance yielded, . per
force, to shame. His son's life would
be bitterness to him, If It meant that —
and bitterness surely to the boy, too.
As he brooded on this his face set Into
stiffness. He declared that it was not
to be endured.
He came to where Milldean road
joined the main road by tha red villa
and turned to tha right toward Fair
haven. Here he met the full force of
the gale. The wind was like a moving,
rushing wall; the rain seemed .to hit
him viclously'wlth whips; there was a
great confused roar from the sea be
low the cliffs. He could hardly make
headway or Induce his horsa to breast
the angry tempest. But his , face was
firm, his hand steady and his air reso
lute as he rode down to Fairhaven,
sore in the eyes, dripping wet, cold to
the very bone. His purpose was form
ed. Fool ho might be, but ha was no
coward. He had been deluded, he was
not beatan. His old persistence cams
to his rescue. All through, though he
might have lost everything else, he
had never lost courage. . And now,
when his prlda fell from him, and his
spirit tasted a bitterness aa though 'of
death, his courage rose high in him — a
desperate courage which, feared noth
ing save ridicule and shame. These he
would not have, neither for himself
nor for his boy. His purpose ■ was
taken and he roda on. His pride was
broken, but no man was to behold its
fall. In this hour he asked one thing
from himself — courage unfearing; un
flinching. It was his, and he rode for
■\vard to the proofs of it. And there
came In him- a better pride. In place
of self-complacency there was forti
tude; yet it was the fortitude of de
fiance, not of self-knowledge.
He rode through the gale into Fair
haven, thinking nothing: of Mrs. Val
entine's house, waiting on fate to show
him the way. Just where the town
begins, the road comes down to the
sea and runs along by the harbor,
where a seawall skirts deep water. .A
re<an enveloped In oilskins stood here,
glistening through the darkness in the
light of a gas lamp. He- was looking
out' to. sea, out on the tumble of angry
waves, stamping his feet and blowing
0:1 his wet fingers now 1 and then. It
was no night for an Idle man to be
abroad, he who was out to-night had
business. * '
"Rough weather!" called Grantley,
bringing his horse to a stand.
The man answered, not in the ac
cents of the neighborhood, but with a
Cockney twang and a turn of speech
learned from board schools and news-'
papers.* He was probably a seaman
then, and from London.
•'"Terribly severe," he said. ".No
night to ke£p a man on the lookout."
He looked at Grantley, evidently not
knowing him. ,
"A bad night for a rJde, too, sir."
he added; "but it's better to be mov
ing than standing here, idbRing for a
boat that's as likely to come as the
channel squadron!" He spat scorn
fully as he ended. '
"Looking for a boat?".
For the moment Grantley was glad to
talk; it was a relief. Besides he did
not know what he was going, to do, and
caught a brief respite from decision.
"Aye," the man grumbled, "a boat to
come from Portsmouth. Best luck for
her if she's never started and next best
if she's pub In for shelter on the way.
She'd never make Fairhaven to : night."
"Then what's the good of looking for
her?" y •
"Because I get five" shillings for it.
The owner's waiting for, her — waiting
at the Sailors' Rest there." He pointed
to the inn a hundred yards away. "She
was to have been here by midday, and
he's in a hurry. Best for him if she
doesn't come, if he means to sail to
night, as he says he does." He paused
and spat again. "Pretty weather for
a lady to go to sea, ain't it?" he added
sarcastically.
The fates were with Grantley Imason.
They sent guidance.
"What boat Is it?" he asked quietly.
"The Ariadne" (Hairy. Adny. he pro
nounced the name).
"Ah, yes, Mn Blake's yacht?" '
"You know him. sir?. Well, you'll
find him: and his lady at the 'Rest*
there, and if you're . a friend ■. of ; theirs
you tell 'em not to expect her. to r night,
and not to go on board her if she
comes." .
"Here's another shilling for you, and
good-night." '",-'. .
Grantley strode on to the Inn, thank-
Ing fate; realizing now how narrow the
chance had been. But for the storm,
but for the wind that had buffeted and
almost beaten him, no pride, no reso
lution, would have been of any avail.
With fair weather the yacht would
have come and gone. He saw why
Christine Fanshaw was not to deliver
his letter till the morrow. Without the
storm, no pride, no resolution, no cour
age would have availed him. The
Ariadne' would have put to sea, and
Sibylla would have been gone forever.
Now, thanks to fate, she was not gone.
Grantley drew a long breath— the
breath of a man whom a great peril
has narrowly passed by. The plan had
been .laid well, but the storm had
thwarted It. There was time yet.
Was there? That question could not
but rise In his mind. He faced it fairly
and squarely, and jogged on to the
Sailors Rest.
"Praise to this fine storm!" he cried
within himself— to the storm which
beat and raged, which- had feigned to
hinder. his coming, but was his ally and
friend. Good luck to it! It had served
his turn as nothing else could. And
how it was attuned to his mood— to the
fierce stern conflict which he had to
wage! This was no night for gentle
ness. There were nights when nature's
gentleness mocked the strife to which
her own decrees condemned the race of
men. But to-night she herself was In
the fight. Sh« Incited, she cheered, she
played him on; and she had given him
his field of battle. He was arrayed for
the fight. Ho drank in the violent salt
air as though It wera a potion magic in
power. His being -tingled for the
struggle.
There was a light In an upper win
dow of the Sailors' Rest. The blinds
wert not drawn. No, the pair in that
room were looking out to sea, looking
for the boat which did not come, look
ing In vain over the tumbling riot of
waves. But stay! Perhaps they looked
no more now; perhaps they had aban
doned that hope for the night. Chris
tine was not to deliver his letter till
the morrow; they would think that
they had to-night. The thought
brought back his pain and his
fierceness. They would think that
they had to-night! They were
wrong . there; but it was ten
o'clock. "Ten o'clock!" he muttered, as
he drew rein at the door of the Sailors'
Rest and cast his eyes up to the light
In the window over his head.
Within, young Blake was turning
away from the window. '
"She won't come to-night." he said.
"I suppose they started, or I should
have had a wire. . They must have put
back, or put In for shelter somewhere.
And if she did come I couldn't take
you to sea to-night." He came across
to where Sibylla sat over the fire. "It's
no use expecting her to-night. We
must get away to-morrow morning.
There's plenty of time." He meant
time'before Grantley Imason would re
ceive Sihjylla's letter and come to Fair
haven, seeking" his wife.
"It's too perverse," Sibylla mur
mured forlornly.
Her vision of their flight was gone.
The rush through the waves, the whis
tling wind, the headlong course, the
recklessness, the remoteness from all
the world, the stir, the movement, the
excitement — all were gone. On the
yacht, out in mid-sea, no land in
sight, making for a new world, they
two alone, with all that .belonged to
the old life out of view and out of
thought— the picture had caught and
filled her fancy. In her dream the sea
had been as Lethe, the stretch of wa
ters a flood submerging all the past
and burying the homes- of memory.
She had stood arm In arm with him,
revelins in the riot of the open seas.
No further had the vision* gone. The
room in the inn was very different. It
was small, stuffy and not too clean.
The smell of stale tobacco and of dregs
of' liquor hung about it. The . fire
smoked, sending out every now and
then a thick dirty cloud that settled
on her hands and hair. Her dainty
cleanliness rose in revolt. It was a
sordid little room. It was odious then;
it would never, be pleasant in retro
spect. Somehow it carried a taint with
Jt; it brought into prominence all that
her ..thoughts had forgotten; its four
•dingy walls shut out the glowing pic
ture-which her, fancy had painted.
Blake came and . stopd behind her
chair, laying his hand on her shoulder.
She looked up at him with a sad smile.
"Nothing's quite what you expect,"
she said. "I wanted my voyage! I
suppose I didn't want — reality! But
I'm not a child, Walter. I have cour
age. This makes no difference really."
"Of course it doesn't — so long as
we're together." .
"I didn't come to you to make the
good times better, but to make the bad
times good— to do away with the bad
times. That's ' what you wanted me
for; that's what I wanted to do." She
rose and faced him. "So I'll always
welcome trouble — because then I'm
wanted, then I can do what I've come
to do."
"Don't talk about trouble, Sibylla.
We're going to be very happy."
'•Yes. I think so," she said, looking
at him with thoughtful eyes. "I think
we shall be." -V,.
"By God, I love you so!" he burst
out suddenly, and then walked off to
the window again. *
She. spread out her hands In an In
stinctive gesture of deprecation, but
her smile was happy.
"That's how. I c*.n do what I , want
to do for you," she said. "That's how
I can change your life, and— and flnd
something to do with mine."
He came slowly back toward fcer,
speaking in a low restrained voice:
"It's really no use waiting for the
boat. She won't come."
Sibylla stood very still; her eyes
were fixed on his face. He met her
gaze for a moment, then turned away,
sat down by the table and lit a clp
arette—doing It Just by habit and be
cause he was so restless, not because
he wanted to smoke.
She stood there in silence for two
or three minutes. Once she shuddered
Just perceptibly. She was striving to
yield, to do what he asked, to live up
to her gospel of giving everything so
that she might make^iappy him whom
Bhe -had chosen to receive her gifts
might make him happy, and so fill, en
rich, and ennoble his life and hers. She
had not thought there would be a
struggle; that had got left out In the
visions — the visions which were full of
the swish of the wind, and dance of
the waves, and the sailing to worlds
new and beautlfuL What struggled?
Old teachings, old habits, instincts In
grained. She was acting In obedience
to ideas, not to feeling. And feeling
alone has power to blot such things out
of beinier.
But for good and evil she was a fa
natic—she owned her Ideas as masters.
and forced herself to bend to them as
a slave. What they asked must be
given— whatever the sacrifice, thrt
struggle, the repulsion. That they
might realize what her nature craved,
they must be propitiated by what her
nature did not love. On that condition
alone would they deal with her. and
now these ideas, with all their exacting
relentless claims, had found embodi
ment In Walter Blake.
Blake turned his head and looked at
her. She came quickly to him and fell
on her knees by him. His hand rest
ed on the table, and she laid hers
lightly on it.
"Walter, it's hard!"
"If you love me " he murmured.
She knew by now that !ove can be
unmerciful. With a little sigh she
raised his hand and kissed It. Sha
was half reconciled to her surrender
because she hated It. Had any one
been there to interpose and forbid, her
reluctant acceptance would have been
turned into an ardent desire to com
plete her sacrifice.
Young Blake flung away his cigarette
and sprang to his feet. He was not
thinking of his aspirations now. Want-
Ing to be good was not present to his
mind, nor the leading of a new life.
He was full of triumph. He forgot the
yacht that had not come, and any
thing there might be uncongenial In
the surroundings. He caught Sibyl
la's hands. She looked at him with a
smile half of wonder, half of pity. She
had put away her shrinking — though it
might come back; but It was a little
strange that good could be done only
on conditions.
They were standing thus when they
heard a voice, the loud gruff voice be
luning to the retired merchant-skipper
who kept the inn. He was rather a
rough customer, as Indeed the quality
of his patrons rendered necessary; he
did not hesitate to throw a man out
or (as Fairhaven report averred) to
lay a stick across the back of the
saucy buxom daughter who served the
bar for him If her sauclness became too
pronounced. On the whole he was the
sort of character popular In the nau
tical quarter of Fairhaven.
The loud voice came from a distance
—from the bdttom of the stairs ap
parently. The landlord was talking to
himself, for all that appeared — no other
voice made Itself heard. He was say
ing that he had made a promise, and
that he was a man of his word. ' He
said this several times. Blake and Si
bylla stood hand in hand, their eyes
turned in the direction of the door.
Then the landlord observed that "times
were hard, and that he was a poor
man." Blake and Sibylla heard that,
too. Then the landlord's heavy step
came halfway up the stairs. "A poor
man," they heard him say with strong
emphasis. Still they could hear no
other voice and no other step. But
they had dropped one another's hands
by now, and stood quite still a couple
of paces apart.
*"Oh, he's bargaining with some
body for the price of a bed I" said
young Blake with an attempt at light
ness.
The landlord's steps were heard de
scending the stairs again. And now
another step drew near.
Suddenly young Blake darted to
ward the door and locked ft. He turn
ed a scared face round to Sibylla. The
steps sounded along the passage. His
eyes met hers. He did not know the
step, but he knew the one thins that
he feared and his uneasy mind flew
to the apprehension of it.
"Can it be — anybody?" he whis
pered.
"It's Grantley." she answered quiet
ly. ";■_ "Unlock the door. I'm not afraid
to meet him. In the end I believe I'm
glad."
"No, no! You're mad! You mustn't
see him. I'll see him. You go into
the other room." There was a com
municating door which led to a bed
room. "I'll not let him come near
you. I'll stand between " you and
him."
"I must see him. I'm not afraid
"Walter. Unlock the door."
"Oh. but I shan't let him come In
I shall "
•If it's Grantlev he'll come In. Un
lock the door. At any rate we can't
have the door broken In."
She smiled a little as she said thisand then sat down In -the chair by the
table where Blake had been sitting
when she kissed his hand and gave
him her surrender.
A knock came on the door. Young
Blake unlocked it and stood opposite
it. His face w^s pale now.
"He shan't come near you," he
whispered to Sibylla aver his shoul
der.
She made no sign. She sat resting
her clasped hands on the table and
gazing intently toward the door.
There was no sign of confusion or of
guilt about her. Her face was com
posed and calm. Y.oung Blake's flst3
were clenched. He seemed to keep
himself still with an effort.
The door opened and Grantley ap
peared on the threshold. He was very
wet; the rain dripped from his hat as
he took it off his head; salt spray
hung on the hair over his ears. He
shook himself as he shut the door be
hind him. Then he looked from Si
bylla to Blake and back to Sibylla, at
last fixing his eyes on her.
"You can't come in here," said
Blake. "I'll come outside with you
if you like, but you can't come in
here.". '—:-,
Grantley took no notice. His eyes
wer#> on Sibylla.
'flLm I too late. Sibylla?" he asked.
"Yes," she answered tranquilly,
"too late." *
A sudden flush swept over Grant
ley's face, but In an instant his usual
pallor had returned.
"In the sense in which I spoke Is
that true. Sibylla?"
She shrugged her shoulders a little.
She seemed composed and almost
careless as she answered with a touch
of contempt:
"No; but It Is true, for all that."
The Upper nnd the Nether Stone.
"Then you must come back with me,"
said Grantley.
Young Blake sprang forward a step,
crying: "By God, no!"
Neither of them heeded him: their
eyes were on one another. Already the
fight was between the two, and the two
only.
"Do you really think that?" she ask
ed. "I don't know how you come to
be here — I suppose Christine warned
you somehow; but it's by mere acci
dent you are here, and that I haven't
gone before now. It makes no differ
ence. You're not In time, as you call
it. The thing is settled already; it was
settled when I planned to come, not
when I came. What you meant doesn't
count. Do you really think I shall
come back now?"
"Yes. you must come back now."
"Back to that life? Never! Of course
you don't know what it was to me and
I don't suppose I could tell you. You
wouldn't understand."
Blake threw himself Into a chair by
the window. He was helplessly impa
tient of the situation. Grantley came
a little nearer the table and stood
there, to all seeming impassive. The
appearance was not very deceptive. He
was not now dominated by emotion;
he was possessed bv a resolve. His
love for his wife was far burled In his
[ '■' ' '" "'" : ;^i ■;'■.:?:'■' '.>o' f 'TW-- .' ■-. -.\- r -<-- V-5-r ■".■•■ ' ■ '■"""" - ■ ■" ■
heart; his set purpose was all he knew.
"I don't see what you had to com
plain of." he said coldly. "The way
•ve lived was vour choice, not mine.
But I'm not going to discuss that. I'm
here to take you home to your hus
band's house and to your child."
"I've faced all that a thousand times
and answered it a thousand times. It
can't move me now. You'd better go
away, Grantley."
Again Blake rose: he did not lack
physical courage.
"I'll eo with you. I'm at your ser
vice." he said. "But outside; you
shan't stay here.".
He waited a moment for an answer,
but getting none, nor so much as a
look, sank awkwardly into his seat
again.
Grantley spoke to his wife.
"I know what happened. Before you
did this you fogged your mind with all
sorts of fantastic ideas. You're not
the woman to do this kind of thing
easily."
"Fantastic Ideas! Yes, they'd seem
bo to vou. The fantastic idea of hav
ing something to live for. some life,
something else than a prison, than re
pression, than coldness. I had lots of
those fantastic ideas. Grantley."
"You had your child."
"I tell you I've faced It." She pressed
her fingers card into her cheek and
frowned. "The child made it worse."
she Jerked out fiercely. "Seeing you
with the child was — " She shook her
head with a shiver.
Grantley raised his eyebrows.
"As bad as that?" he asked mock
ingly. He paused, and went on: "But
this is all beside. the point. Supposing
It was as bad as you say, what then?
You had made your bargain; you chose
to take me: you relied on your own
opinion. Say it was a mistaken opin
ion — what difference does that make?"
"It does make a difference. I'm not
called upon to throw away every
chance of happiness because of one
mistake."
"That's Just what you are called
npon to do — In civilized society."
"You don't actually propose an ab
stract argument?" she asked. "Now —
under these circumstances?" She
smiled derisively.
"Ofy no! But your point of view
compelled a protest. Tm not here to
argue: I'm here to take you back^-or,
if you won't come, to tell you the con
sequences."
"I'm prepared for the consequences."
That gave young Blake another
chance. He rose and came forward.
"Yes, she is — and so am I," he said;
"and that ought to end the matter be
tween us. We're prepared for the trou
ble and the scandal and all that; and
I'm prepared for anything else you may
think proper to ask. We've weighed
all that, and made up our minds to it.
That's the answer we have to give."
He spoke In a low voice, but very
quickly and with passion; evidently he
had hard work to keep control of him
self. When he finished speaking, there
was a moment's silence. He looked
from Grantley to Sibylla, then went
back to his chair; but he drew it
nearer and listened Intently.
"It is so," said Sibylla. "We've made
up our minds to all that."
Grantley passed his hand across his
brow— almost the first movement that
he had made. He was about to speak
when another short fit of vehemence
caught hold of Sibylla,
"Yes," she cried, striking the table
Tilth her hand, "and It's better than
that life of sham and fraud and failure
CHAPTER XVI.
and heartbreak! Yes, a thousand,
thousand times better!"
He let the gust pass by, and then
spoke slowly, as though he weighed his
words.
"Those are the consequences to you
and your — your friend here," he said.
"Have you thought of the consequences
to me?"
"To you? Am I so necessary?" She
laughed bitterly. -'. ' *£.?>?
"And to the boy?"
"Not so bad as growing up in such a
home as ours!" she flashed out fierce
ly again.
"Oh, that's the way you argued
that?" he said with a smile. "I was
rather wondering. -However there are
other consequences still." He came yet
a pace nearer to her. so that he was
close to the table, and rested one hand
on it. "There will be other conse'
quences still," he said. "I don't ac
cept the position you propose for me. I
don't accept these consequences which
you have been so good as to face and
decide upon. I refuse them totally —
both for myself and for my son I re
fuse them utterly. - It's fair you should
understand that. I refuse them root
and branch."
Blake leaned forward, ready to spring
up. The idea of violence came into his
head, the idea that Grantley might be
armed. Grantley noticed his move
ment, and at last addressed a word
to him.
"Don't be afraid. I don't mean that,"
he paid, with a short laugh.
Sibylla spoke to him, sadly now.
"You can't refuse. It's put 1 out of
your power. This thing must be. It
has become inevitable. There's no use'
in talking of refusing the consequences.
They won't be as bad as you think."
"It's not inevitable; it's not out of my
power. It's entirely in my power to
accept your consequences or not to ac
cept them, to face them or not to face
them; and I have decided. I won't be,
and I won',t be known as, what you're
making me; and your son shan't have
to confess you his mother before men."
Young Blake looked at him with a
puzzled impatience, Sibylla with a slow
pandering glance. She twisted a ring
on her finger as she asked:
"What do you mean by that?"
"In this world nothing need happen
to us that we don't choose to bear,
and nothing to those who are In our
power that we don't choose to accept
for them."
"What are you talking about?" asked
Blake fretfully. "It sounds all non
sense to me."
He leaned back with a scornful toss
of his head. This sort of thing had
lasted long enough, in his opinion.
"Tell me what you mean," said Si
bylla, leaning forward across the table.
Grantley announced the resolve that
possessed him. born of those bitter
meditations, of those intolerable pic
tures of the future which had formed
themselves in his mind as he battled
through the storm to Fairhaven. He
uttered it not as .a threat, but as a
warning; it was, as he had said, fair
that she should understand.
"If you persist. I shall kill Frank and
myself to-night." • i
Blake broke into a loud scornful
laugh, sticking his hands In his pock
ets. Grantley turned toward him,
smiling slightly.
"Oh, this isn't a melodrama, you
know," Blake said, "and we're not to
be bluffed like that. Don't be so
damned absurd, Imason! On my soul,
I've had enough of this business with
out having to listen to stuff like that!"
"Do you think it's bluff and melo
drama?" Grantley asked Sibylla. "Do
you think I've no real Intention of do
ing it?"
She looked up at him intently.
"You love yourself more than the
boy, and your pride more than life or
happiness," she said slowly. He
frowned, but heard her without Inter
ruption. "So I think you might do it,"
she ended.
"Sibylla!" cried Blake, leaning for
ward again.
A gesture from her arrested his
speech. He rose slowly to his feet and
stood listening.
"I may be made a fool of. V I don't
make a fool of myself. If I pledge
myself to you to do it, you know I shall
do it, Sibylla?"
"Yes, then you would do It," she
agreed. vi\ • ,
"Oh, but it's nonsense. It's rank mad
ness, it's — It's inconceivable!" Blake
broke out.
"I do now so pledge myself," said
Grantley.
Sibylla nodded; she understood. She
leaned back in her chair now, regard
ing her/^husband thoughtfully. >
Grantley's pale face was set in a
fixed smile; he met her gaze steadily.
"It's madness— you'll be stopped!"
Blake burst out. "I can't believe you
mean it. Anyhow, you'll be stopped."
"By you? Will you send for a police
man? Or will you come to my house
and stop me? Nothing can stop me
unless you kill me. Is that your
choice?"
He spoke to Blake, but he looked still
at Sibylla. Blake came near and scru
tinized the pale face with eyes whose
expression grew from wonder and in
credulity Into a horrified apprehension.
The silence now seemed long.
"Yes," said Sibylla at last, "it's like
you. That's what you'd do. I never
thought of it; but I'm not surprised.
It's you. It's Just that In you , which
has made my life an impossible thing.
You sacrificed me to it. You would
sacrifice yourself , and your son. Yes,
It's you."
She put her hands up before her face
for a moment, pressing her fingers on
her eyelids. Then her eyes sought his
face again.
"But, Sibylla " cried Blake.
"Yes, he'd do it, Walter," she inter
rupted, not turning round.
Blake took two restless paces to and
fro and sank Into his chair again.
"You understand now. It lies with
you," said Grantley to his wife. "I've
told you. I was bound to tell you. Now
it lies with you.
Again passion seized' her.
"No, no, that's false! It doesn't lie
with me. It lies at your door, both
the crime-^the hideous crime— and, I
pray God, the- punishment!"
"I'm not talking about the crime or
the punishment," he said coldly. "I
take those on myself as much as you
like. What depends on you is whether
the thing happens. "That's all I meant
to say."
Young Blake was staring at hinj now
as if fascinated by his firm and hide
ous resolve. Slowly it had been driven
into Blake's brain that the man meant
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY*, (LA.U:.
what he said, that he would do the
thing. The man looked like it, and Si
bylla believed he would. He would
kill himself— yes; and the pretty child
with- whom Sibylla had been used to
play. He could see the picture of that
now — of Sibylla's beautiful motherhood.
His heart turned sick within him as
he began \o believe Grantley's somber
pledge.
"It's a. lie." said Sibylla in grim de
fiance. "Nothing depends on me. It's
the evil of vour own heart. I've noth
ing to do with it."
"It's with you to bring it about or
to prevent it."
"No!" she' cried, rising to her feet
in the agonized strain of her heart —
"No, no! That's a lie— a lie! On your
head be it! Ah, but perhaps it would
be best for him! God knows, perhaps
it would be best!"
"So I think," said Grantley quietly.
"And you accept that?"
"No, I acknowledge no. responsibility
— not a Jot."
"Well, leave the question of respon
sibility. But it's your will that this
shall happen sooner than that- you
should leave this man?" - ,
" "Sooner than that I should come
back to you, that life of ours begin
again, and Frank grow up to a knowl
edge of It!"
"And it's my. will, sooner than that
he should grow up to a knowledge or
how his mother ended it. , That's set
tled, then?" . V \
"It's no bargain!" she protested
fiercely. "You have settled it."
"But it is settled?" he persisted.
. "If vou do it, may God never par
don you!" •. .'■■./
"Perhaps. But you know that It is
settled?"
She made no answer.
"You can't deny that you know. So
be it." * ' '
He faced her for a moment longer:
her figure swayed a little, but she stood
her ground. She was not beaten down.
And she; knew the thing was settled,
unless by chance, at the last, pity
should enter Grantley's heart. But
she did not believe pity could enter
that heart; he had never shown her
that there was a way.
The smile rested still on Grantley's
face as he regarded his wife. She
looked verv beautiful in her fierce de
fiance, her loathing of him, her pas
sionate protest, her refusal. to be beat
en down, her facing of the thing. She
had a fine spirit; it did not know de
feat or cravenness. She was mad with
her. ideas. Perhaps he was mad with
his. And the ideas clashed — with ruin
to her life and his, and the child's.
But she did not bow her head any
more than he would bend his haughty
neck. : :''"' : -~.
"At least you have courage," he said
to her. "It is settled. And now I'll
say good-by and go. I'll interrupt you
no more."
It was his first taunt of that kind.
It seemed to pass unheeded by Sibylla;
but young Blake's face turned red, and
he clenched his hands; but not in
anger. A wave of horror passed over
him. He would not interrupt longer
what his coming had interrupted — that
was what Grantley Imason meant. He
would leave them to themselves while
he went; back alone to his home, -and
there found the sleeping child. But his
idea of that— the picture of the one
house and the other — was too fearful.
How could the two bear to fhink of
that? How could they stand there
and decide on that? It was unnatural,
revolting, alien from humanity. Yet
they meant it. Blake doubted that no
more, and the conviction of it un
manned him. He had been prepared
for scandal, he had been ready to risk
his life. Those things were ordinary;
but this thing was not. Scandal is one
thing; tragedy another. This grim,
unyielding pair of enemies threw trag
edy in his appalled face. It was too
much. A groan burst from his lips.
"My God!" he moaned.
They both turned- and looked at him
—Sibylla gravely, Grantley with his
rigid smile. »■
"My God, I can't bear it;" He was
writhing in his chair, as though in
keen bodily pain. "It's too awful! We
—we should think of it all our lives. : I
should nevjer get rid of it. I should
see the poor little beggar's face! I
can't stand that. I never thought of
anything like that. I never meant any
thing like that. Poor little Frank! My
God, you can't mean it, Imason?"
"You kn<&v I mean it. It's nothing
to you. .The responsibility , is ours.
What do you count for? It was you or
another— that's all. Neither my life
nor my son's is anything to you."
"But it would— it would always be
there. I could never sleep at nights.
I should feel like — like a murderer. For
pity's sake "
. He came toward Grantley, stretching
out his hands for mercy. Grantley
made no sign. Blake turned to Sibylla.
She, too, was stiff and. 'still, but her
eyes rested on him In compassion. He
turned away, and threw himself Into
the chair again. A convulsive move
ment ran through his body, and he
gave a loud sob.
Sibylla" walked slowly away to the
hearthrug, and stood looking at the
agonized young man. Grantley waited
In immovable patience. -The thing was
not finished yet. .' - ■--'.
"The horror of It!" Blake" moaned al
most inarticulately. He turned to weak
rage for an Instant and hissed; across
to Grantley: "If I had a revolver, I'd
shoot you where you stand." *
"That would be better for me, but
not better for the boy," said Grantley.
"I can't J understand you," Blake
gasped, almost sobbing again.
"Why should you? My, account Is
not to be rendered to you. If I've
ruined my wife's life— and you've heard
her^ say I have — if I take my. own and
my son's, what is it to* you ?"
In Grantley's * slow measured words
there breathed a great contempt.
What, he seemed to say, were any
great things, any stern issues, to this
unmanned, hysterical creature, who
dressed up his desires in fine clothes,
and let them. beguile him -whither he
knew not» only to start back in feeble
horror at the ruin that he had invited?
What was. it < all to him. or he to «it?
It was he or another. The real battle
was still between himself and Sibylla.
With what eyes was she", looking on
this. young man? He turned from the
collapsed figure and faced ■ his wife
again.
But her eyes were now on Walter
Blake, with a pleading. , puzzled, pity-
Ine - look. The . next moment r she
walked • quickly across -the room
and knelt down by his side, taking
one of his hands 'in both ' of • hers. v She
began' to whisper consolation to him,
praying" him.aiot to distress himself, to
be calm and brave, tenderly repreoach
lng his lack * of , self-control. She was
with him as Grantley had seen her
with the child." He wondered to .see
that, and his wonder kept his temper
under command. There . did not seem
enough to' make a man's passjon rage
or his jealousy run wild, even though
she whispered close in Blake's ear and
soothingly caressed his hand.
"Don't be so distressed," he heard
her murmur. "It's not your fault,. dear.
Don't be : frightened about it."
He tried to shake her off with a
childish petulance, but she persevered.
Yet she could not calm him. He broke
from her and sprang to his feet, leav
ing her kneeling.
"I can't face it! By God. I can't!"
he cried.
"It will happen," said Grantley Ima
son. "If not to-night— if anything pre
vents me to-night— still very soon.
You'll hear of it very, soon."
The young man shuddered.
- "The poor little chap — the poor In
nocent little chap!" he muttered
hoarsely. He turned to Grantley. "For
heaven's sake, think again!",/ ,
"It's you who have to think. I have
thought. I've little time for mo"re
thought. You've all your life to think
about it— air your life with that wom
an, who is the mother of the child."
"Why did you torment him?" broke
out Sibylla angrily.
„. But she rose slowly and drew away
from Blake as she spoke.
Grantley .shrugged his shoulders
scornfully.
"The fellow has no business in an
affair like this." he said. ."He'd better
get back to his flirtations."
"I never thought of anything like
this."
The repetition came from BlakeTIEe
some dull forlorn refrain.
. He put his hand to" his throat and
gulped with a hard dry swallow. He
looked round the room, made for a
table where some whisky stood, and
took a drink of it. Then he half stag
gered back to his chair, and sat down
all in a heap. His limit was reached.
He was crushed between the upper and
the nether stone— between^ Grantley's
flinty pride and the ruthless fanaticism
of SibyllsPs ideas. Between them they
would make him, who had wanted to
be good, .who bad had such fine aspira
tions, such high-colored dreams, such
facile emotions, so impulsive a love —
between them they would make -him a
murderer — a murderer'ln his own eyes.
Whatever hands did the deed, to the
end of his days conscience v would cry
out that his were red.
Sibylla sighed. Her eyes were very
mournful. She spoke, as it seemed,
more to herself than to djther of them.
"I wanted to make him happy, and
I've made -him \ very unhappy. I can
do it, but he can't do it. I mustn't ask
it of him. He would never be happy,
I could never make him happy. Even
if I could be happy, he couldn't; it's too
hard for him. I don't \ know what to
do now."
Grantley neither spoke nor moved.
"I've no right to ask it of any man.
Nobody could agree to it, nobody could
endure it. There's misery both ways
now."
She went to Blake, who was sitting in
the apathetic stupor which had follow
ed his raving outburst. Again she
knelt by him and whispered to him
soothingly. At last Grantley sp«ke.
"It would be well if we were home
before it's light and the servants up,"
he said..
' She looked across at mm from beside
Blake's knee. She looked long and
searchihgly. His smile was gone; his
manner and air were courteous, how
ever peremptory.. ~ \"S\
"Yes, it would be well," she said. She
rose and came a little way toward him.
"There's no help for it. I can't es
cape from you. I'm bound to you in
bonds I. can't loosen. I've tried. I've
stood at nothing. I wish to heaven I
could! Going back is like going back
to death. But perhaps he's right. Bet
ter my living death than the thing you
meant to do." She paused and ended:
"I'll go back to the child, but I will
not come back to you."
"You give all I've asked," said
Grantley with cold.ooliteness.
She looked round at young Blake
with a pitiful smile.
"It's the only way, my dear. With
this man what he is, it's the only way.
I must leave you alone."
Blake leaned toward her with a pas
sionate cry of pain. She reasoned gent
ly with him. . • .
"But you know "the alternative —
you've heard it. We can't help It.
This man is capable of doing it, and
he would find out a way. I don't see
that we could do anything at all to
stop him. Then when you heard it, it
would be so terrible to you. You'd
hate yourself. Ohi , and, ' my - dear. I
think you'd hate rne! And I couldn't
pe&r that. No, /you must be reason
able. There's no, other way."
Blake hid his face m his hands. He
mado no further effort. He knew that
her words were true.
Sibylla walked into the bedroom,
leaving the two alone. Neither now
moved nor spoke. The storm outside
seemed to have abated,"'for the rain
dashed no- more against the windows,
and the wind was not howling , round
the walls of the house. It was very
still.' Grantley Imason presently be
gan to button his coat, and then to
dust the wet off his hat with his coat
sleeve. ->
• Sibylla came back in her hat and
cloak.
"We must get something to carry
you," said Grantley. "I wonder if we
could raise a cart here!"
"How did you come?" •
."I rode over."
"I don't want a cart. I shall walk
beside your horse."
"Impossible! At this time of night!
And such a night!"
"I shall walk— I must walk. I can't
sit in a cart and- — •" i
Her gesture explained the rest. Strug
gling along on foot, she might keep
her wits. Madness lay in sitting and
thinking.
"As you will," said Grantley.
She had begun to draw on her gloves;
but when she looked at Blake she drew
tbem ; quickly, off- again, - and thrust
them - Into a pocket of : her cloak. She
walked past Grantley to Blake, and
took hold of both' his hands. Bending
over him, she kissed him twice.
. "Thank you for having loved me,
Walter," she said. "Good-by.'V ■"-..
Flake 'said nothing. He held ner
hands and looked up imploringly in her
face. Then she disengaged herself
from his grasp and turned around to
her husband.
"I'm ready," she said. "Let us *,•>."
Grantley bowed slightly, went to the
door, • and opened it for her. She
locked back once at Blake, murmuring:
"For having . loved me, Walter,' and
kissed her hand to him. I i
With no sign of impatience Grantley
waited. Himself he took no n32d of
Blake, but followed Sibylla out of the
rccm in unbroken silence.
When he found himself alone,- young
Blake sprang ' toward the door, giving
a cry like some beast's roar of rage
and disappointment. But his feet car
ried him no more than half way.
Half way was all he ever got.
Then he reeled across . to where
the liquor was, and drank some
more of it. listening the while to the
paces of Grantley's horse. on the stone
flags outside the inn. As they died
away he finished his liquor and got
back into his chair. He sat a moment
in dull vacancy, then his .nerves failed
him utterly and he began to sob help
lessly, like a forsaken frightened child.
As Grantley Imason said, he had no
business in an affair like that.
CHAPTER XVII.
Wandering Wits.
Grantley's pride was eager to raise
its crest_again. It caught at the re
sult of the struggle and claimed it as
a victory, crying out that there was
to be no pointing of scornful fingers,
no chuckles and? winks, no shame open
and before the world. The woman
who walked by his horse was a
pledge to that. He was not to
stand a plain fool and dupe in the eyes
of men. If that thought were not
enough, look at the • figure young
Walter. Blake had cut! Who had
played the man in the fight? Not the
lover, but the husband. Who had won
the day and carried off the prize? The
woman who walked by his horse was
the evidence of that. Who had known
his will and stood by it and got it?
The woman answered that. He bore
her off with him; young Blake was left
alone' in the dingy inn, balked in his
plan, broken in spirit, disappointed of
his desire. ./:>"•;
The night was still and clear now.
Broad puddles in the low-lying road
by the sea and the slipperiness of the
chalky hill up to the cliffs witnessed
to the heaviness of the recent down
pour as the flattened bushes in the
house gardens proved the violence of
the tempest. . But all was gone now,
save the sulky Reaving of big rollers.
A clear* moon shone over all. They
met nobody; the. man who had vainly
watched for the yacht had gone home.
Sibylla did not speak. Once or twice
she caressed Rollo, who knew her and
welcomed her. • For the rest she
strudged steadily through the puddles
and v set her feet resolutely to climb
the sticky road. She never looked up
at her companion. The brutality of his
pride rejoiced again to see her thus.
Here was a fine revenge for. her scorn-
ful words, for the audacity with which
she had dared to bring him within an
ace of irremediable shame— him and
the child she had borne him! She was
well punished. She came back' to him
perforce. Was she weary? Was she
cruelly weary? It was well. • Did she
suffer? It was Just. Woe to the con
quered — his was the victory! Even In
her bodily trial his fierceness found a
barba"ric joy.
But deep within him some mocking
spirit laughed at all this, and would not
let Its jibes be silenced. It derided his
victory, and made bitter fun of his
pranoing triumph. "I'll go back to the
child, but I will not come back to you."
"Going back is like going back to
death." "Thank you for having loved
me, Walter." The mischievous spirit
was apt at remembering and selecting
the phrases which stung sharpest. Was
this triumph? it asked. Was this vic
tory? Had he conquered the woman?
No, neither her body nor her soul. He
had conquered- — young Blake! The
spirit made cheap of that conquest,
and dared Grantley to make much of
it. "Rank blank failure," said .the
spirit with acrid merriment. "And a
lifetime of it before you!" The "world
would not know perhaps, though it can
generally guess. But his heart knew —
and hers. It was a very fine triumph
that — a triumph fine to win against
the woman who had loved him, and
counted her life worth having because
It was hers to give him! Through the
blare of the trumpets of his pride came
this piercing venomous voice. Grant
ley could not but hear. Hearing it, he
hated Sfbylla, and again was glad that
she trudged laboriously and painfully
along the slimy oozing road. The in
stinct of cruelty spoke in him. She had
chosen to trudge. It was her doing.
That was excuse enough. Whatever
the pain and. labor, she hail Tier -way.
Who was to blame for It?
They passed the red villas, and came
where the Mllldean road branched off
to the left at the. highest point of the
downs. From here they looked over
the cliffs that sloped toward'their pre
cipitous fall to the sea. The moon was
on the heaving waters; a broad band
of silver cut the waves In two. Grant
ley brought his horse to a stand, and
looked. At the instant Sibylla fell
against the horse's shoulder and caught
at his mane with her hands, holding
herself up. Rollo turned his head and
nosed her, cloak In a friendly fashion.
A stifled sob proclaimed her exhaustion
and defeat. She could wajk no more.
The day had been long, full of strain,
compact of emotion. and struggle; even
despair could inspire no more exertion.
In a moment she would fall there by
the horse's side. Grantley looked down
on her with a frowning face, yet with
a new trrumph. Again she failed;
again'he was'right. ,
' "Of course you couldn't do it! Why
did you try?*' he asked coldly. - "The
result is— here we are! What are" we to
do now?!'
She made no answer: her clutch on
Rollo'! mane grew more tenacious —
that alone kept her up.) »
. "You 'must ride.; I'll get down," he
said surlily. Then, he gave a sudden
laugh. "No, he can carry us both—
he's done it once before. Put your feet
on the stirrup here— I'll pull you up."
She made nd sign of understanding
his allusion. .He saw that\ she -was
dazed with weariness. He drew her up
and set her behind him, placing her
arm about his waist.
"Take care you don't let go." he
warned her curtly, as he jogged the
horse on again, taking now to the turf,
where the going was better.
Her grasp of his waist was limp.
"Hold on, hold on." he said testily,
."or you'll be slipping oft." Thera waa
no hint of tenderness in his voice.
But Sibylla recked nothing of that
now. With a long-drawn sigh she set
tled herself , In her place. It was so
sweet, to be carried along — Just to be
carried alon g . to sit still and be car
ried along. She tightened her grip on
him, and sighed again In a luxury of
content. let her head fall against
his shoulder, and her eyes closed. She
could think no more and struggle no
more; she fell into the blessed forget
fulness, the embracing repose, of great
fatigue.
The encircling of her arm, the con
tact of her head, the touch of her hair
on his neck moved him with a sudden
shock. Their appeal was no less strong
because it was utterly involuntary, be
cause the will had not part in the sur
render of her wearled-out body. Mem
ory assailed him with a thousand
recollections, and with one above
all. His face set In a. sullen ob
stinate resistance; he would not
hear the voice of his' heart
answering the appeal, saying that
his enemy was also the woman
whom he loved. He moved the horse
into a quicker walk. Then he heard
Sibylla speaking in a faint, drowsy
whisper: "Good Rollo, good Kirllo.
how he carries us both — as easily as if
we were one, Grantley!" She enfled
with another luxurious sigh. It was
followed by a little shiver and a fretful
effort to fold her cloak closer about
her. She was cold. She drew nearer
to him, seeking the warmth of con
tact. "That's a little better." she
murmured in a childish grumbling
voice, and sought more comfortable
resting for her head on his shoulder. -
He knew that her wits wandered, and
that the present was no more present
to her. She was in the past — in the
time when to be near him was her
habit and her* Joy. the natural refuge
she sought, her rest in weariness, the
end of her every journey, when his
arms had been her home. Certainly
her wits must be wandering, or she
would never rest her head on his shoul
der, nor suffer her hair to touch his
neck, nor speak nor sigh like that, nor
deliver herself to his charge and care
in this childish holy contentment.
Wandering wits, and they alone, could
make her do anything of this. So it
was not . to be regarded. How ihould
any sane ' man regard it from the
woman who had forsaken her child
and sought to dishonor her home —
whom he had but just torn from the
arms of a lover?
He was afraid. Hence came his usm
moning of the hardest thoughts, his re
sort to the cruelest names. He braced
himself to disregard the appeal she
made, to recall nothing of all that her
'ntlmate presence thrust upon his
mind. He would not be carried back
across the gulf of the last year, across
the chasm which those months had
rent between them. For here was no
'such willing submission as he asked.
It was all unconscious; It left her re-
bellion unquelled and her crime unex
piated. Yet he waited fearfully to hear
her voice again. Whither would the
errant vits next carry her? Whither
must they carry her? He seemed to
be able to answer that question in one
way only. They must go right back to
the beginning. With a sense of list
ening to Inevitable words, he hear her
soft, drowsy whisper again:
"Let's ride straight - into the gold,
Grantley, straight into the gold, and
let the gold—"
The faint, happy murmur died away
in a sigh, and her head, which had leen
raised a moment, nestled on his shoul
der againJ^SflCSEj
It had come^-the supreme touch of
irony whichy?e had foreseen and dread
ed. The ercsjit wits had overleaped the
stupendous igulf; they crimsoned the
cold rays of the moon into the glory
of" summer sunset; they colored
desolate ruins with the gleaming hues
of splendid youth. Her soul was again
in the fairy ride — the fairy ride which
had led whither? Which had led to
this! Nothing thqt waking wits, or an
ingenuity pointed by malice, ' might
have devised, could have equaled this.
She might have searched all her
armory in vain for so keen a weapon.
Nay, she would have rejected this, the
sharpest of all; no human being could
have used it knowingly. It would have
been too cruel. He listened in dull
terror for a repetition of the words.
They had not come again. What
need? He heard them stlH and a
groan broke the seal of his lips.
"My God, must she do that?" he
muttered to himself. "Get on, Rollo,
get on!"
For now i the triumph faded away,
the unsubstantial pageant was no
more. There was no blare of trum
pets to . deaden the mocking voice.
The little victory stood in its con
temptible dwarnshness beside the
magnitude of his great defeat. That
the past had been, that the present
was — that was enough. The fairy rid©
and the struggle in the Inn— they stood
side by side and bade him gaze on the
spectacle. Beside this It seemed as
though' he had suffered nothing that
day or night — nothing in the thought
of ridicule, and shame, nothing In the
Jealousy and anger of a forsaken man.
This thing alone seemed to matter —
that the past had* been that, and that
the present was this, and that they
had been so shaped in the hand of
him, the fashioner of them.
Then suddenly, with a quick twist
of thought, he was bitterly sorry for
Sibylla, because words and memories
which come back like, that, unbidden
and of themselves, when the wits are
wandering, must have, meant a great
deal and had a great. place once. At
such a time the mind would not throw
up trifles out of an unconscious recol
lection. The things which have been
deepest In it, which have filled — yes.
and formed it — those were the things
that it would throw up. In themselves
they might sound wild trifles, but they
were knit to great deep things, toward
which they stood tts representatives.
They expressed nethermost truths,
however idle and light they sounded.
Wheh she babbled of riding into the
gold and sank her spirit in the mem
ory of the fairy ride, she went back all
unconsciously to the great moment of
her life and to its most glorious prom
ise. She spoke of the crown of all her
being. v
[Continned Xext Snnday.]THE SUNDAY CALL'S $50.00 A WEEK PRIZE STORY
THE ADOPTION OF LITTLE
BELL.
fT*jHE fact was. the people of Fid
i dletown knew nothing at all of
Little Bell's antecedents. Old Pot
ter had found her one August
morning between his cabin and the
spring. She was lying warmly swaddled
in two blankets beside \a still smoking
campflre. The dew was heavy upon the
grass and flowers among which she lay,
and, to use his words, "when she
opened her eyes they were so clear and
blue you could hardly tell 'em from the
little blue bells that grew around her.
That's why I called her Little Bell, you
know." Then he would laugh and pat
jLittle Bell's golden curls, for she was
seldom beyond bis reach as he worked
Jon his cobbler's seat driving great hob
yialls in soVe cumbersome boot sole of
tbe miners.
When the news spread that August
morning that old Potter had found a
baby there was a flurry of excitement
among the women. By twos and threes
they congregated at the cobbler's, till
Potter and his wife wondered at the
multitude. They asked a thousand
questions, scrutinized the little one's
clothing, admired its eyes and after a
general gossip departed. Most of the
members of the W. C. C. C. were there
— Mrs. Thompson, the president: Mrs.
Dillon, the chairman of the standing
committee; the banker's and the hard
ware man's wife, respectfully, con
ferred as to Little Bell's future.
"It seems a sweet child," said Mrs.
Dillon. "Were it not that I had my
hands full with my two I'd adopt it.
But Potter and his wife are morally
good people, so I've heard Mr. Dillon
say."
"Had I not my Rose I would surely
accept the charge. It must be about
the same age — six months old. Oh, dear,
just think of my baby an outcast! How
wretchedly unfeeling and inhuman
tome people are!" said Mrs. Thompson.
"We might call a meeting," suggest
ed Mrs. Dillon.
When Mrs. Dillon spoke to her hus
band of the child he said: "I suppose
the Women's Creedless Charity Club
will call a special meeting. No doubt
one of its members will adopt tbe child.
It would entail a hardship on that old
couple — an act of charity truly."
"Who would adopt it?" ventured Mrs.
Dillon at last.
"Among the club members I think a
suitable home might be found. There's
yourself."
"Oh my, George. Just think— with my
two you surely could not—"
"Oh. well, there's Mrs. Thompson, the
president I believe. Their means would
allow them — "
"I hinted as much to Mrs. Thompson,
but—" She paused and Mr. Dillon
picked up the evening paper rather
abruptly, muttering something about
clubs and charity, while Mrs. Dillon
looked flurried and left the room.
The special meeting was not called,
and bo it was that Little Bell remained
with the Potters. ' •.
To that aged couple It seemed an an
gel had come to lighten their lives.
That first night they stood hand ii\
hand before the wooden rocker that
had lain away in the garret bo long
unused and gazed at the tiny form
sleeping therein and could not repress
their feelings. "It seems but yester
day, Amos," said his wife. "Aye, it
seems; but we know it has been most
a lifetime." "We'll keep her, though,
Amos; none seem to want her." "That
v.e will/' answered the old man. "She'll
ANSWERS
TO
PUZZLES
THESE are the names of the
lucky 150 prize winners of No
vember 20, the names of fruits
and vegetables. On December
11 there will appear a grand Christ
mas offer in the way of .prizes, some
thing which will be a splendid Christ
mas morning gift from The Sunday
CalL Prize list will be announced on"
the 11th.
James Rouselle, Benicia; Gertie Ro-
lw a email burden— but we'll be re
paid."
The old lady brought to light Ion?
unused dresses and with her stiffened
fingers laboriously fashioned dresses
and gowns for Little Bell. The old
man, in great glee, would hold her in
his arms at meantime, feeding and
stuffing till the little one would well
nigh choke, heeding not the old lady's
arguments as to the rightful method
of procedure. Not unlike two children
with a doll were they. She Rrew so
fast and was eo bright that the few
that stopped at the cobbler's marveled.
In six months the story of the waif
had lapsed from the memory of al
most all. It was never mentioned at
the W. C. C. C. meetings. Why should
it be" "All knew little Bell had a
home; that the Potters were moral
ly good— every one said so. However,
they were poor, but they were happy —
oh. so happy, those old people!
Passers-by w-ould stop and admire
and pet the child as they said, "What
a pretty grandchild!" The old man
would smile and chuckle, "Grandchild?
Why, it is our child— mine and the old
woman's. No one else has any claim
on her."
Three years passed away thus when,
in tho fading summer, the aged part
ner of Amos passed away. Upon the
evergreen knoll overlooking the town
they laid her. Again Little Bell came
Into the notice of the public eye.
"I wonder what Potter will, do now?"
queried Mrs. Dillon of her husband.
"Do?" he answered. "Has not his
wife been an invalid for two years?
His cares will be less, if anything."
"He certainly cannot care for that
child alone," she continued.
senbaum, 1584 Bush street, San" Fran
cisco; A. Rellly, 2378 Sutter street,
San Francisco ; ■ Hattie Brent
wood; Charlie ■ . Rickard, Sacramento ;
Lloyd Schomer,' 1029 Shotwell street,
San Francisco; Ronald Stewart,*, 3800
West street, Oakland; Edna Shepherd.
1497 Telegraph, avenue. Oakland; Al
ice Schrevier, 1914 Ellis street, * San
Francisco; Mary- Smith, 1903 Tele
graph .avenue, Oakland; William
Stephenson, San Jose; Jessie Stone,
H73 Webster street, 1 San " Francisco;
"Has he not dore so for years?"
said Mr. Dillion emphatically. "With
out much outside aid, if I know
rightly."
"As chairman I have been requested
by the club to investigate the condi
tions there with a view to the better
ment of the little one's welfare."
"Huh! Comes rather late, seems to
me, after three years. The child has
been nursed" through the most labori
ous part of its life. Who asked you to
investigate?"
"Mrs. Thompson. You know since
her baby died she — "
"Wants some one else's," broke In
Mr. Dillon. His wife arose and left
the- room. There was a smile of sar
casm on Mr. Dillon's face.
However. on behalf of -their presi
dent the W. C. C. C. went valiantly
to work, as it expressed in reg
ular meeting, to alleviate the wants of
that poor motherless child. s
Often "now old Amos would have call
ers. They would come and chat with
the old man, pet little Bell and leave
her hands full of toys and .candles.
"Poor motherless child," they woujd
say. "Yes, she's been motherless be-
Treca Hurlbutt, Lakeport; Lucy
Stone, French Gulch; Will Sympson,
Pacific Grove ; Lillian Snydan, 3315
Washing^pn street, San Francisco;
Blanche Shea, Pasadena; Marjorie
Slater, 3274 Adeline street, Berkeley;
Martha Sauer, 3879 Seventeenth
street, San Francisco; Alice Somer
ville, 139% Henry street/ San Fran
cisco; Ralph Spencer, Santa. Rosa;
Sam Sterling, ; 1426 Folsom street,
San Francisco; Hazel Sexton, 224
Duncan street, San Francisco; Car
oline Thurwachter, Watsonvllle; Ches-,
ter Wells, 26 Rlncon place, San Fran
cisco; - Eddie- Walters, 3177 Twenty
fifth street,, San* Francisco; . Maggie
White, Watsonville; Dorothy Wehzell,
1889 Forty-ninth : avenue, \ San Fran
cisco; Helena* Warness, 63 'Albion-ave
nue, San Francisco; ~ ; Ernest Behre,
1762 Fifteenth f street, San Francisco ;
Bernice Behre/ 1762 Fifteenth 'street,
San Francisco ; Allison Borlse, VIsalia;
Mamie . Black, yallejo ; " Inria/ Meagor,
San Jose; ; Helen 1 Baum, ; ; 663 . Willow
avenue, San Francisco;; Katie • Burke,
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALIi
31 Eleventh street, San Francisco;'
Clara Bascorn^ 208% Leavenworth
Btreet, San Francisco; Gladys Boul,
Black Diamond; Doilie Bouy'er, Sacra
mento; Ben Osborn, Watsonville; D J.
O'Brien, Gilroy: Adeline Parsons, 1722
Ninth street, West Oakland; Vehna
Paul, Sulsun; Kenneth Pyle, Gilroy;
Ed .Powell, Sacramento; Jeanette Os
wald, 228 Fair Oaks street, San Fran
cisco; i D. Newhouse, 1053 Post street,
San Francisco; Gladys Meyers', " Berke
ley; Edna McCaughin, Sacramento;
Pearl "Van Meter/Lafayette; Hugh Mc-
Connell, Berkeley;; Cedle McTaggart,
463 Shotwell street, San, Francisco;
Norah Mouritz, 2015 ' Chestnut street,'
Oakland; .Will ;Mendes, ; 1674. Twelfth
street, 'Oakland ; i Harry Moseley, 1725
Fifth; street, ; '•;: Willis Lynn, ; 68
Pierce '--street,'!* San": Francisco;: Laura
Levy, : 1127 ; Steiner: street, San Francis
co ; Edna" Lund, Sulsun ; Lucile Granich
er, v 2335 ; Market' street, 'I San ' Francisco;
William Behte, 7 ; 562 Twenty r thlrd street,
Oakland il Elniore) Bell/' St.t Helena; Ar«-
for*/ but she's not fatherless, oh, no,"
returned the old man, but the mem
bers were persistent. On several occa
sions they wished to take Lfttle Bell to
their homes. Sometimes the old man
consented, but always with great re
luctance, and when he came for her
even the most sanguine of the commit
tee felt the hopelessness of the task
of separating the two. but still they
persevered. The day fcerore Thanks
giving a committee called upon the old
man and after a few preliminaries the
spokeswoman began:
"You see. Mr. Potter, it is necessary
that something should be done for the
future of Little Bell. You can see that
it is almost impossible, for you to care
for her physical and spiritual welfare.
thur | Bond, Clovis; Carln Braese, 2622
Folsom street, San Francisco; "William
ChrisUnson; Kentfleld; Teddy Clifford,
Alameda; Eulah Cooper, Elmhurst;
Beryl Cramer, Stockton; Birdie Cook,
Sacramento; Donald Craig, Alameda;
Leslie Collins, HaywardB; Bruce Crane,
45 Franklin street, San Francisco; R. E.
Crane/ 45 Franklin street, San Francis
co; William Dunning, 939 Bush street,
San Francisco; J. Donohoe, 3246 Twen
ty-fifth Btreet, San Francisco; Henry
Delaney, 1714 Clay street, San Francis
co;; Essie Danner, 2515 Bush Btreet, San
Francisco; W. . Dooley. 1323 Natoma
street, San Francisco; Merran Ellis, 810
Dolores street, San Francisco ; Bertha
Ellingwood, 1331 Sanchez Street, San
Francisco;,Ruth Ervin/ Berkeley; Hazel
Eskewr, 6% Alemany street, San Fran
cisco; Fred Fernhoff, 220 Twelfth street,
Oakland; Elsie Wright, Cotatl; Hettie
Flood, Forty-ninth avenue and I street,
San Francisco; Edna Borden, 2128 Fifth
street, San Francisco; Genevieve Ber
tollaci, Berkeley; Edna Brown, 4 A Ale
many street, \ Ban' Francisco; Dora
Brink, " Lakeport; Geraldine Boothe,
Petaluma; Fred Botzbach, Gait; O. Bon,
8699 Telegraph 1 avenue,' Oakland ; ; Tony
She is fast becoming of that age where
her environments should be changed
to those more natural and congenial;
the company of little ones, the caress
and iru'dance of a mother's hand. Noth
ing derogatory in the least to your ac
tlon.s or reflecting on you in any way
do we mean by this demand, for such
It is, but you can readily see, if you
pause and consider, that we are right;
we simply wish to place the child where
she will be better off in every respect."
One of the committee said afterward
that lt was hard to face the cHd man
when he at last fully understood them.
His hand trembled as he ran lt over
his thin locks.
"You want, to take Little Bell from
me?" he faltered.
.VShe will be near, Mr. Potter— it is
with Mrs. Thompson, you know. She
has lost her little one— it will be a
grand home for Little Bell."
"For three years an' over I've cared
for little Bell, even when she was a
baby an* could hardly eat. You were
all here when she came; none offered
to help then — she was cute then, but
considerable of a care* I cared for
her — nursed her when sick an' taught
her to do right as she grew. Now she
seems my own child. An* Mrs. Thomp
son, she was here three years ago — why
didn't she -want her then? Why, cause
she had one, but now she wants mine —
'taln't right— 'tain't right," walled the
old man.
"Come here. Little Bell." The child,
who had been watching the old man in
open-eyed wonder, dropped her rag doll
and ran Into his outstretched arms.
"Pap-pee, don't cry; me's a good
girl." The old man strained her to his
breast, the women were silent. Mrs.
Dillon, who sat in the background,
could not keep back the tears.
"You say you are sent," continued the
old man, becoming calmer and releas
ing the little one. "Who sent you?"
"We're a committee of the W. C. C. C.
It has been fully discussed In meeting
and all are cognizant of our efforts In
this case. Consider, It's for the child's
good, Mr. Potter."
"I suppose you could take her any
way—I mean the law," said he faintly.
"Oh, we do not wish to take those
means. Mr. Potter. The change should
be made amicably."
"I suppose you're right— maybe you
are, but It about kills me," and he
brushed his eyes hastily. "I suppose it
Is for her good. Come here. Little Bell.
Kiss me. There, you is going with the
ladies— I'll come by and by. Take your
dolly." He kissed her and turned away
to the fireplace and sat heavily .down.
There was a hurried rustling of skirts,
the door gently closed and all was si
lent. The committee had gone, with
them Little Bell.
What a Thanksgiving for old Potter!
For an hour he sat with bowed head,
finally he arose and groping his way to
the door he threw It wide. A gentle
breeze was moving up tho great gulch
from the far-off valley. The vine on
the arbor before tho door was just be
ginning to change to a ruddy, golden
color, and here and there among the
deep foliage, still safe from the falling
eyes of the old man, hung several clus
ters of the red tokay. Darkness shut
ting from view tho surrounding hills,
he turned and moved mechanically to
tho table and lit the stub of candle that
remained in the socket. For a time he
stood undecided in the center of the
room; then he began moving about,
aimlessly at first, but finally as though
in search of something, his gray locks
moving this way and that as he passed
from corner to corner of the room. At
last he stopped before the wooden rock
er, brushed hla hand wearily across his
eyes as though to control his weaken
ing senses, and sat down. Drawing the
rocker to the fireplace, with his foot he
gently rocked lt, cooing a lullaby the
while.
Hours passed, the room grew cold.
Several times he arose and peered into
the cradle as though to reassure hlzn-
Brown,- Petaluma; Leslie Allen, 13S3
Franklin street. Oakland; John Ander
son, Petaluma: Mabel Andrews. Bur
llngame; Charlotte Curtlss, Healdsburg j
Leona Hurlbut, 1104 Santa Clara avenue,
Alameda; Henry Alves, 825 Hampshire
street, San Francisco; Ray Koopman,
Vallejo; Irving Granicher, 2335 Market
street. San Francisco; Lucinda Hall, 734
Valencia street. San Francisco; Susie
Hooper, 924 Filbert St., Oakland; Sammle
Hern, Tulare; Addle Hartmeyer,
Wheatland; Ted Hardwick. 670 East
Twenty-fifth . street. East Oak
land; Edma Hidorn, Knightsen;
Leon Hannaford, Stockton; Gertie
Hewman, 2412 Pacific avenue. San
Francisco: John Hope, 3S0 Shotwell
street, San Francisco; Lulu Helgoth,
4032 Eighteenth street, San> Fran
cisco; Lola Hoffman, 18 Page street,
San Francisco :'.**-; Hulbert * Hynes, Sac
ramento; George Hartson, De Witt;
Gladys Hewitt, Santa Cruz: Charley
Holm, Los Banos; i Ruby Jewell. 712
Sutter street, San Francisco; Edward
Jose, 1112 Mason street, San Francis
co; Marjorie Jones, Madera; Juanita
Judy, Sonora; Martin Johansen, San
Rafael;. Minnie James, Sacramento;
Carrie Jensen, Palo A.1 to;. Lena
self. Once he groaned and placed his
hand over his heart. Then the rocker
ceased its vibrations, the candle sput
tered, flared up and sank away Into a
minute blue flame and died out. All
-a as eiient.
' But of Little Bell. "What a time of
rejoicing when the committee reached
the president's house. Mrs. Thompson
cried over her at first, for she did but
remind her of the dear one gone. They
petted and fondled, Little Bell and load
ed her with presents — one, a gTeat wax
doll, but through it all Little Bell look
ed on wonderingly, never once letting
go of the rag doll, whose arms and legs
"Pappee" had filled with sawdust. Onct>
or twice she pursed her lips as though
she would cry, and to their words of
affection only answered, "Me wants
pappee, me wants pappee."
The great house, the bright Ilght3
and the pictures awed her and filled
her with a mute wonder. By and by
her eyelids became heavy and her head
drooped wearily. Then they came and
caressed her again and Mrs. Thompson
bore her away to a little white bed, in
which she tucked her. There wero
tears in the good lady's eyes, as she
gazed at the curls on the pillow; there
were tears in Little Bell's eyes, too, aa
she murmu^d under her breath, "Pap
pee."
The house became dtlll. but Little
Bell was awake now. Once sho heard
footsteps and she raised herself to lis
ten. "Pappee!" she whispered, but
there was no answer and the footsteps
died away. A wild desire came into
Little Bell's mind; she would go horns
to pappee. Slipping from her cozy bed
and grasping her rag doll, which sho
had kept near her, she stole toward the
door, some instinct telling her to go
gently. "Who were these peoplo and
why did not Pappee come for her?"
she thought. The door was ajar, and
noiselessly she passed out Into tho
large room. There she paused, looking
around her in the darkness. Cautious
ly she felt her way toward a faint
light that seemed far ahead. Out of tho
large room and into a smaller sho
passed, where the air felt warmer and
the odor of the red apples she had seen
filled the air. The light before her now
was near. It was from the glass door
that led out — out where Pappee was.
She could just reach the knob with her
little fat hands by standing on tiptoe.
Time and again she rested, breathing
hard. At last open Lt came, and sho
hardly stifled a cry as she grasped tho
doll and ran out into the night. For a
moment she glanced around. Faintly
In the starlight gleamed the pathway
down the hill; she knew it well. Once
she turned her eyes heavenward, but
the twinkling multitudes confused her.
Down the hill she hurried, falling sev
eral times, and her white gown, with
its beautiful lacea, became black with
dust, but never once did she loose her
grasp upon the rag doll. As she reach
ed the highway the moon topped the
distant peaks and all became bright.
Now, again, she paused; which way
would she turn? To the left was tho
main street of tbe town— surely she
would be seen, for although late, there
were still loungers around the open
cafes; to the light was Potter's cabin,
nearly half a mile away besida the
road. She turned toward Potter's. The
hoot of an owl far away in the hills
made her gasp and hurry onward, then
a rabbit ran along before her in tha
dust, but she laughed at that, for had
not she and Pappee watched them play
near the cabin! At last she saw thu
dark foliage of the pear trees that sur
rounded the cabin. She shouted with
glee as she crawled beneath the gate
and wearily dragged herself to the
door. "Pappee!" she called, but no an
swer came from within.
"Pappee! pappee! It's Little BelL 1*3
come home!"
But only the gentle rustling of the
leaves overhead answered her. 'Round
the dark room she felt her way. call
ing ever and again endearing words to
pappee, till she felt his silent form
sitting in the great chair.
•Pappee's alseep!" she cried, as she
crawled hastily into his lap, caressing
and fondling him. She nestled down
In his lap, the weary eyelids drooped
and soon the gentle breathing told that
she slept.
Thanksgiving day dawned upon Fid*
dletown. All the shops were closed t
\\ W^f», a day of rest and S°°d cheer.
Mr. Dillon rose early. "George," said
Ms wife, as she placed tho turkey in
the oven, "I appoint you a commlttea
of one to so to Amos Potter and bring
him home to dinner; he's lonesome I
know. He can stay all day. You say
he did you many a kindness when you
wero young." *
Mr. Dillon knew nothing as yet ot
the committee's action on tho day pr©-«
vJous. Some way Mrs. Plllon had not
the courage to tell him. The measures
adopted had left a pang— but pshaw!
the men could talk it over. They would
understand. »
Mr. Dillon walked quickly through
the village. Few were astir, yet he
knew old Amos would be up and about.
As he passed the Thompson homo ha
glanced up the lane leading to it. Sev
eral persons -were running hither and
thither, and for a moment he paused
to watch them. "Some game." ha
mused, as he hurried on. As ho nearer
Potter's a man came running and out
of breath behind him.
"Have you seen her?" ho gasped.
"Seen who?" asked Mr. Dillon.
"Why, Little Bell-aho got away.*
•'Little Bell— got away," repeated
Mr. Dillon, dazed like. *"«.«*»
"They had taken her to Thompson's
and she—''
But Mr. Dillon waited to hear no
more. He turned and ran up tho walk
to tho house. Tho door was open and
he ran in. calling: "Amos! AmosH
Then ho paused. A great fear seized
his heart at what ho saw
There sat the old man. one- hand on
tho wooden rocker, the other pressed
over his heart. Nestled In his ?<£ fa*
"«*» Bell, clasping tho rag doll He*
little bosom roae and fell in peaceful
sleep. On tho old man's facaaouew
smile mingled ,vlth the de'ath MSJ^
it was aa If ho knew Little Bell had
come back to him. LEN LOW
Koch, 1327 Sanchez street, San Fran
tSSl n\i K !, enan - 115 « Madison
street. Oakland; David Kribs, 10S
M. Knight, 7ol Guerrero street. San
Francisco; Freda Konig. 1274 Alca-
VfiT aV nS? e * * erkele *S Cora Kirby.
6«5 O'Farrell street. San Fran
cisco; Sarah Labaree. Danville:
Fay FarreruChlco; Frank Foster. Sa C :
ramento; Francis Garrett. Berkeley:
*. Grimmelman, South Berkeley;
Alexander Greig, Vallejo; Bulah Ga
1"'.-^0^ 8 * 01 Waldemar Gentzch,
4320 Twenty-third street, San Fran
cisco; Robert Gerhon, 1940 Ellla
io r f« t %, San Francisco; Annie Gerhon.
1940 Ellis street, San Francisco; F.
uillespie, San Leandro; Genevlevo
Gadden. Healdsburg; Alma Jones,
1444 Railroad avenue, Alameda; Jen
nie Williams, Yreka; Miriam Huse
man, 1403 Seventh avenue. East Oak
land; Nellie Camp, Berkeley; Frank
Russell, Santa Cruz; Ralph Nixon,
1802 Eddy street. San Francisco; May
Robinson, Pacific Grove; Ray Hill
man, 763 Harrison street, Oakland;
George Hartman. 1643 Telegraph ave
nue, Oakland; Charles Smith, Santa
Rosa.iBMBMLMll—1 T - .THE neighborhood sale, held} at an
old homestead, brings out the im
portance and the force of the man
who has been thrifty and who has
ready money at command* It is.
u sad picture, th-e passing of the farm,
the dis?iintegration of a family, the
blighting of a thousand memories that
cluster about a hearthstone. At such
a time the squeaky voice of ready
money becomes thunderous in tone,
awing the modest aspiration of a neigh
bor who looks toward the purchase of a
yoke of cattle, a wagon, a colt: and
when ready money seems determined,
the promissory notes of the modest fall
back into tameness and silence. But
ready money does not care to acaulre
everything at a neighborhood sale. Be
ing material it looks to material thlnes.
and its estimate of the spiritual is but
shallow, so, v.hen at the Grogerin sale
Lim Jucklin outbid Stoveall and became
possessed of a pile of old books heaped
on the floor, gome of his friends mar
veled that he should have run the risk
of exciting the opposition of the wealth
iest man in the community.
"Oh, I knew that he didn't want 'em,"
said Lim, as he climbed to a seat uuon
the rail fence, a low but' estimative
throne of observation. "In his house
they would be Just bo much rubbish.
They don't talk to him. and when a
book don't speak to a man It is the
dumbest thing in the world. It can't
make as much noise as a pig. for a pig
squeals; quieter than a duck, for a duck
quacks — it simply takes its place alone
with the brickbat or the old shoe-sole
that curls up in the sun. But when a
book even whispers to a man It tells
him the sweetest of secrets. It tells
him that he ain't a blamed fool, and
this Is a mighty important piece of
news. "Whenever I see an old book I
think of Abe Lincoln. He gathered
corn for two days, keepin' up the down
row, for a life of "Washington, and you
men that have humped yourselves all
day behind a wagon know what that
means. He was lendin' his body to the
work of openin' up his soul. It come
hard, that book did; it meant backache,
for it took Lincoln a long time to reach
down to the ground, but it meant more
than If he had been workin' for $100
a day. Don't understand me to sav
that every man that thinks bo much
of a book will be great: he may never
be able to go to a Bale such as this and
buy a yoke of steers, but In the long
run it will be worth more to him than
all the steers that Old Elisha was a
plowln' when the call came for him to
go up."
"But the prophet wu a handlin' of
Fteers Instead of books," remarked
Etbveall, who had coma walking slow
ly to Join LJm's audience.
"Tea, that's a fact," Lim replied.
**He was a plowin' ten or fifteen yoke
of cattle If I recollect right, but he
JT is hard to have the feelings
of one's tender corns hurt by the
>. Intentional or unintentional blun
dering of any one, and It Is some
times doubtful whether the offender is
guilty of overweening good Intentions
or of malice aforethought.
As a matter of fact, there is precious
little comfort In the thought that one's
feelings have been hurt through the
best intentions In the world. The wound
is Just as sore and smarts with Just as
great pain if inflicted with the delicacy
of a lancet as with the uncompromis
ing blow of a bludgeon. ■
The so-called friend who wounds with
good intentions has an Incisive way of
doing so that cuts both ways — a rapier,
double-edged, keen and razor-like. The
wound may not have the Jagged edge
of the bludgeon, but is deeper, conse
quently very much harder to reach.
There Is a large streak of malice run
ning through many natures, or it may
didn't go to heaven till he took his
mind off the cattle. Didn't take none
of his oxen with him, but he took
wisdom with him, and a good book Is
the mouthpiece of wisdom. How old
are you. Brother Stoveall?"
"I'm eighty odd."
"Gettin' along putty well. And
now, lookin' back over your life, what
have you enjoyed the most?"
"Well. It don't seem to me now that
I've ever enjoyed anything since I was
a boy. It has been a scuffle for me to
live and to take care of what little
I had raked together. I have had to
watch man all the time to keep him
from robbln' me."
"But he could only rob you of ma
terial things. If you'd been wiser you
would have laid up something he
couldn't rob you of, and you could
have set down by your fire at night
and dreamed over it without any fear.
You have known all along that they
were goin' to blow the horn for you
be of envy or Jealousy, that" looks upon
any favor of fate or fortune In the way
of charm or talent enjoyed by another
aa a personal affront Some people have
souls so small that all good Is crowded
out and only evil remains. They can
never discover the good in another, but
are always keenly alive to the merest
suggestion of evil. These people never
speak well of any one nor miss the op
portunity of throwing out some hint or
innuendo calculated to cast suspicion.
They are not satisfied to tread on one's
sensitive corns, but want to trample
all over the unfortunate, and should
the latter resent it, it is viewed rather
as an Impertinence than as an assertion
of rights.
• • •
There are few, Indeed, who have not
a sensitive spot that is nursed and
hedged about In the endeavor to safe
guard it from unwarranted and unwar.
rantable Intrusion. The spot Is gener-
THE SAX' FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
JOTTINGS OF
OLD LIM
JUCKLIN
ON BOOKS
ally some old memory- that has left a
scar too deep to heal, too sensitive to
bear probing, yet should the friend who
has your welfare so much 'at heart be
aware of the wound he or she will en
tertain a morbid desire to. tear It open
upon all occasions • that fairly makes
the victim -writhe. .
TENDER CORNS
By Kate Thyson Marr.
Feminine curiosity is often responsi
ble for the worst [ heartaches. The
woman who Is estranged from her fam
ily, often with excellent reasons, dreads
meeting: mutual friends who will pelt
her with inquisitive cross-questionings,
albeit well-meaning, simply- because
they Jnst "want to know," and there-
fore lose no opportunity to ask of de
tail* that fairly torture. *
- • • • • ■ j"
A proud, sensitive woman who finds
It necessary to sever the ties binding
her to matrimony and misery' is at
times forced to be unequivocally rude
in order to protect herself from the in-
quisltions of her dearest friends, and
it is always the dearest friend who
takes the trifling liberty of wounding
and of asking questions that often
one's own mother would not dare pre
sume to do. The right kind of woman
does not ventilate her matrimonal mis
eries and nothing hurts her so deeply
some day. It has always Deen cer
tain that you had to go, and then who
is goin" to take care of the things you
have raked together? Come to think
about It, I don't believe I ever heard
you laugh right good."
"I haven't had anything to laugh
about," the old man replied.
"And nobody else that was always
afraid that he might be robbed while
he laughed. But you have 'been rob
bed out of a mighty few pennies; ever
elrice I can remember you have been
able to go to a sale and buy what you
wanted, and yet of all the men I
know, Stoveall. your life has been the
biggest failure."
"Jucklin, I could buy you and sell
you three times In a day, with' the
price doubled etery time I bought you
back."
"Oh, you mean my land and my
house- Yes, I reckon you could, but
you never saw money enough to buy
me. In lookin* through advertisements
for bargains did you ever find happi
ness for sale? No, air, for there ain't
no, bankrupt stocks of happiness. Oh,
I used to think along your line. I
.didn't think that I'd ever be happy till
I owned all the land adjoinin' my farm,
and I was miserable because I saw no
chance of gettin* it. Every day or so
I'd see a hearse goin* "down the road,
haulln' some old fellow to the grave
yard, and one day It came on me all of
a sudden that I had to go along there,
too. Then I 'lowed that I ought to get
as much happiness out of the world
as possible, and I was thinkln' about
It one day while I was In town and I
says to the county Jedge, says I, 'Jedge.
Is there any way for a man turned
forty-five to be happy?' He asked me
If I could read, and I told him I could
make out my name if it was printed
In a sheriff's sale. Then ha said: "Well,
read good books and think about "em.
Don't read the things that will stimu
late you to argufy, but the things that
will feed your mind without raisin' its
bristles. Some books are full of the
, sweet, unselfishness of the human
heart. Head them. Some make the
fancy play like you have seen the
llghtnin' of an evenin' on a low hang-
In' cloud, far over in the west- Read
them. Don't read the vicious ones any
Mine wen- meaning dux Drutai incivil
ity of curious friends, having her in
terests so much at heart and bent
upon minding her business for her.
There are at times conditions in our
dally lives that are totally Impossible
of discussion, matters that concern
our Individual selves too deeply to ad
mit of anything Ilka comment or dis
section, and at times the very mention
or slightest suggestion completely up
sets our nerves. We simply cannot
bear any reference direct or otherwise.
The friend who persists and presumes
upon friendship by alluding to mat
ters, that good form, to say the least,
demands should be' tabooed deserves
the snub that silences without question
and most effectually any presumption.
The friends who are the most congen
ial, and consequently the most beloved,
are those who recognize our sore spots
and regard them tenderly; who care too
much for us to wound us even for our
more than you'd keep close company
with a vicious man. Do this and you'll
find the world openin' up toward the
past a brightenin* toward the future.
One man Is really stronger than an
other for what he knows and not for
what he's got. "We know he can't take
his material things with him, but no
man knows that he can't take the
spiritual things. Solomon was the
wisest man, it i3 said, but I believe he
would have been a little wiser if he
hadn't been quite so rich. He wouldn't
have been mixed up with so many
women, and right there is where he
proved he won't any wiser than some
cf the rest of us.'
"Well, I thought over what the Coun
ty Jedge said, and began to read,
slow at first, for I hadn't been
well schooled and the more I read the
bigger my farm seemed to grow, and
now 1 I've got more than ten million
acres under cultivation. Laws a mas
sy, what a chance you youngsters have.
Instead of bein' happy only In the lat
ter end of your life you can begin now.
I don't mean that you should neglect
any work that you may have to do,
01 | that you shouldn't want to make
money, but I do mean that you ought
to lay up an estate that can't becom*
bankrupt. I am glvin' you old talk. It Is
true, but it Is the old principles that
touch man the most, for they have al
ways had a bearin' on his life. Don't
understand me to mean, boys, that you
should become bookish, but Jest to mix
your readin' in along with your life. It
will keep you from breakln' yourself
down tryln' to keep up with some man
that can make money easier than you
can, and he will always be there. Jest
a little in front of you. Love your fel
ler man, for he's all right In the Ions
run. He's got mora sympathy than
hate. Somebody may tell you that hu
man nature is all selfish, but don't
you believe it. Well," he added, get
ting down off the fence. "I must box
up my gold now and cart It home. Go-
In' my way. Brother 8toveall?"
"Yes, Juclcln, but you are no com
pany for me."
"I reckon that's right." LJmuel re
plied. "I know it must be right, for
I haven't got anything you want."
(Copyright, 1904, by Opie Read.)
own good; who know our whims and
caprices and humor, them; who under
stand our likes and dislikes and are
merciful in Judgments of them; who,
while not exactly sharing our opinions
and agreeing with them, respect them
sufficiently to Ignore them and forget
them; who fathom the depths of our
prejudices, but never for a moment Jar
Don't say .unpleasant things. Thoa»
who do are responsible for half the sor
rows and heartaches that shadow
God's glorious sunshine of other lives.
Don't rattle the bones of the skele
tons in the closets.
Don't ask personal questions that
carry the sting of humiliation, remem
bering always that any satisfaction de
rived from saying mean things is ob
tained at the price of feelings that
should be regarded always as sacred.(Copyright, 1901. by Charles Dryden.)
OWING to a hitch In the pro
gramme, the good people of
Memphis, Tenn.. were not quite
ready for me when I arrived
there on the inside of a train during a
tour of the world in 1SS0. The Mayor
had mlslaJd the key to the city, and the
Iron foundries hoisted the cold wave
flag. Not a single foreman wanted a
boy to raise, and before a week ended
I sassed myself for sidestepping Oma
ha. There I had a job and friends, and
entree to the whirlpool of social gayety
as portrayed by Polish weddings among
the shop hands. Memphis was chill and
sloppy. All hands turned me down,
and my money sped swiftly, like the
•last car deserting a fat lady who is too
excited to whistle.
When the hope of becoming an em
ploye at Memphis b:ew up, I hung
about the levee and looked at the river.
Being too old and cowardly to turn
pirate, I affected the stream for pas
time only. The season was late in win
ter and the unlaundered Mississippi
rippled along replete with chunks of
honeycombed ice, the soil of adjacent
States in solution and an occasional
FABLES FOR THE FOOLISH
IF Poe had lived in these degenerate
days he would not have been at
all surprised at the knocking on
his chamber door. In fact, the
man Is* might lucky who doesn't hear a
knocking somewhere almost any hour
of the day or night, and usually he is
Aoing his share of it. The only organi
sation to which practically all the
able-bodied men, most of the women
and all of the grtrls under 20 belong Is
the International Association of Ham
mer-Wielders. If a man risks his life,
not to mention the lives of two or
three other men, in imminent deadly
combat with the hated foe, at least
half of the population of the United
States rises up and announces that he
did It Just to set his name in the pa-
ON AND OFF THE BREAD WAGON
BEING HARD LUCK TALES AND DOINGS OF AN AMATEUR HOBO
streaky steamboat. Another boy, who
said he had been bottling wine in Cal
ifornia, helped me look at the river and
the ice, and shared the frosts that nip
ped us in the town.
We met by the river, he and I, and
there was much that bound us together.
Carl was but a detached unit in this
great problem of ours involving 80,000,
000 fatheads, and some that had sub
sided. I knew him little more than a
week under adverse conditions, yet
even now as I gaze upon the restless
push, hustling and striving for the
dollar and the quick, unsatisfying
lunch, I often think of that sad, hun
gry boy alone on the bum until he
met me.
Carl was one of eleven, he told me
in our calmer moments. I, too, had
sprung from poor but prolific parents,
and an unconscious bond of misery
linked the busted wine bottler to me in
a sort of brother stunt. Each was
welcome to what the other didn't have.
Against his will, let us hope, Carl
had costumed himself like a German
comedian in a little fried egg stiff hat,
short trousers, low shoes and white
socks. Whenever we ranged about the
pers. Then when the hero's article on
"How It Feels to Die for One's Coun
try" appears in the next number of
the Getthere Magazine the entire
population points the finger of scorn
and says "There!"
When a retired manufacturer of
steel rails and useful advice sets aside
540,000.000 or 550,000,000 for the erec
tion of public libraries, all the in
habitants of the towns that were left
out of the deal and most of those who
weren't unite In ascribing hia "mag
nificent generosity" to a desire to have
his name appear on the front of the
building In company with Homer, J.
Caesar, Ibsen, Dithyram Dick and
other literary beacons of history. As
a rule the people who Jump on a man
for such innocent amusements are the
very people who are tickled to death
If they see their own names in the
Bungvllle Clarion' as among those
present at the trial of Ike Smith be
fore Squire Applejack for horse-steal
ing. Men have been known to pick a
pocket Just to ret their names in
print. - ~ v . ', '^
The favorite target of the man with
the hammer is the man who has hap
pened to be boosted or to get himself
boosted into some kind of an office.
The public officer in the United States
is popularly known as the servant of
the people, and from the way the peo
ple wipe their feet on said official one
would conclude that, his wages - had
been paid In advance and that all the
places In town were filled. It doesn't
do any good for a President, or a Gov
ernor, or a Mayor," or a^ road commis
sioner, to be honest because people will
say that he had a second term up his
sleeve. If he refuses to deny that he
is a rascal, we all stand round, and
say, "Aha! He's afraid to say a word."
Then when he comes out with a sweep
ing denial of everything that we have
said, we chuckle ghoulishly and call at
tention to the way we've got under his
hide. All of which explains why self
respecting gentlemen are so anxious to
run. for office In this land of the roor
back and home of the plain, unvar
nished campaign lie.
The'majority of people knock for the
same reason that' a small boy smokes
his first cigarette and goes out behind
the woodpile to swear his first swear—
they think it a sign of intellectual ma
turity. When a man reaches the point
where he can pick holes in the con
stitution and show up the delusions of
which the Declaration of Independence
is composed he thinks that he is the
general manager of about the only
fifteen-horsepower , intellect 1 in the
town and that it has arrived to him,' as
our FYench friends would ,say, to put
in about teiT hours a day demonstrat
ing that nothing amounts to , anything
and that the only free and unenviable
privilege that other people possess is
that of being - wrong ten times out ' of
nine. ' The only times they are ever
right Is rvhen they agree with thV gen
tleman '■ in question, and r that 'is never.'
We once knew. a man who wasjeon-
Btructed on "the"* enefal lines which we
town Carl's socks' awoke languid in
terest in our movements, and that was
the best we got. Like myself he had
abated his finances, quitting a good
Job for the excitement of hunting an
other in a strange place, and was then
eager to starve to death In a warmer
climate, provided he could reach one.
I coincided in this view, and we pool
ed an issue.
The German comedian roomed under
a high sidewalk in the purlieus of the
city, and took Window Board stand
ing In front of a restaurant that dis
played steaks, chops and delicacies of
the season behind thick glass. I oc
cupied apartments in a river front hos
telry at 15 cents per day,| which did
not include meals. These Southern
cities know how to boom prices to the
embarrassment of Northern tourists.
My 52 bark trunk that had set out
from Mudville with me was at the ho
tel, and I assayed about 51 40 in white
metal— all that lay between us and the
next town, which we agreed should be
New Orleans. The only tip either of us
had on that place was the distance,
which is said to lend enchantment at
a high rate of interest.
So Carl and I plotted to beat the
river out of. a pass to . New Orleans,
and herein is th^t scheme-laid bare.
For 90 cents I purchased a black tar
paper valise with tin hasps and trim
mings. In size, shape , and - general
trimming this purchase looked more
like a gas meter than anything I can
now recall. Into that valise Ave put a
chunk of bologna sausage bigger than
a bootleg, a bag of raw onions, and
stuffed bread in the remaining space.
My last cent went to victual the cruise
of at least a week. The comedian voted
the bologna into the grip, and I pre
scribed the onions, having read in nau
tical tales that the onion is the best
preventive of scurvy known to mari
ners.
To properly dress for the part, I put
on my shop clothes. Including a blue
flannel shirt, and stowed the rest of
my outfit in the faithful bark trunk.
With the help of Carl I carried the
trunk to an express office and shipped
it C. O. D. to New Orleans.
An immense stern-wheel boat— the
U.-P. Schenck, from Cincinnati— offered
inviting exit to a warmer clime. She
carried furniture on the hurricane
deck, baled hay on the lower or boiler
deck, and nails in kegs In the hold.
Carl and I thought the hay looked
good to us,- so. one evening at dusk,
when no one was looking, we burrowed
into the new mown. A row of stan
chions from the boilers forward car
ried a canvas-covered steam pipe to
the engines aft, and the hay was piled
over -and around the pipe. We crawled
|into this steam heated flat, taking the
food hamper along, and settledvdown
for a nice, quiet voyage.
Things went pretty well until the
gentleman who chaperoned the hay
sold us out. He had a vulgar habit of
have indicated. The character of his
occupation has slipped our mind, be
cause it didn't really amount to any
thing. His real calling was knocking
By- Virginia
Copyright, 1004. by Virginia Leila W«ntz.
WHEN his pretty little cousin
from New Orleans had mar
ried one of his chums, Tom
' Chester had felt a bit dubious
as to the outcome. Selwyn was a hand
some chap, a spoiled child of fortune,
who in all his life had scarcely felt a
restraining finger upon his impulses, ( to
say nothing of a restraining hand. He
was the possessor of big capabilities
either for good or evil. Would Doris de
velop the god or the devil .in him?
And for Selwyn's part would he make'
the light in his young wife's laughing
eyes still brighter, or would he deepen
the already sensitive curves in her
childish mouth? . '
Two ye_ajrs had proved Chester's
doubts to be not without Justification.
"What a pity, what a pity!" he thought
as ho sat in his office one morning and
looked across the table at his fair
client.
■ "So, you've come to me, . Doris, for
advice?" He looked out of his window.
How mockingly the skyscrapers loomed
against the sky line! A monument of
man's greatness — and yet, at ; heart, so
little was man! He turned searchingly
upon Doris. V
"Do you really want me to speak as
your lawyer?" She bent her pretty head
in affirmation. "Well," answered he,
still nieeting her eyes keenly, "divorce
him."
"Yes," she laughed v (it was the laugh
of a woman who dare not cry),-. "the
facts are hideous enough, are i they; not?";
"Walt, that was your lawyer's advice.
As your cousin; Doris, as his friend, as
a man, God knows, who loves you both.
I beg you to^forglve him. Hasn't he re
pented, dear? Doesn't he ask you to
let him begin all over again on a clean
slate? That's all a man can, do; it's a
woman's hand must wipe out all the
old hideous markings."
She leaned wearily back in her chair.
"Yes," she said, "we women are sent
into the world to pardon, aren't we—
like Governors and priests? Only we
are not expected to give sentences and
penances."
How beautiful she was. with that
queenly poise of .her young 'head, \ cop
trasting so* oddly, with >,the ; . pathetic
droop of her scarlet mouth! .* Chester's,
eyes narrowed as . he studied, her. '
Meaninglessly the dull sound of tral-:
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALt.
telegraphing ahead to riverside deal
,era, who purchased hay In bunches.
Negro roustabouts , with cargo hooks
disturbed our privacy at all hours of
the day and night, digging out con
signments of | baled hay- Layer by
layer, the coons peeled our happy home
away. Further and further aft we
burrowed, until, at the end of the sec
on£ day,' we fetched up against the en
gine room bulkhead. There was ,no
way to gnaw through that obstacle, so,
rather than jump overboard, Carl and
I admitted that we were discovered. ;
A red-necked mate who had killed a
dozen stowaways, he said, laughed at
Carl's white socks, after which he
took us before the purser, in the white
and old gold cabin on the upper deck.
In that gorgeous tribunal we heard our
doom pronounced. It was "either pay
fare to New Orleans— $3 50 each, deck
passage — or get off at the next landing.
I glanced ahead at the next landing—
a muddy, oozy stretch of Arkansan
shore, clouded into a misty rain and
sloping away into a swamp.
Night was coming on. Here and there
a live oak tree "wearing long, gray
whiskers— Spanish I believe, is
the tonsorial name— stood like a lost
Rip Van Winkle in that moist and for
bidding wilderness. The only living be
ing in sight was a rickety Uncle Tom
seated on a bale of cotton in a two
wheeled cart, waitinff for the steam
boat. His "mule, apparently, had died
standing in shafts. And that was the
place for us to get off, not.
My heart ceased to beat, and I could
hear a funny clicking noise in the com
edian's neck, .like a duck choking to
death.
"Mister," I said to tne purser, "we
haven't any money, but wealthy rela
tives will meet the boat at New Or
leans and pay all charges."
The purser peered out of his little box
office, laughed brutally and" said he
couldn't do it. Too many bums tried
*to work him on that gag.
"Well, I'll put up my baggage for
security," I pleaded.
"Let me see it," said the purser, with
out looking up from his work. ,
When I requested Carl to go below
for the- valise, he seemed about to
throw a fit. He was even more of a
Dutchman than his costume would in
dicate, and the way our affairs were
being dented all but paralyzed him. All
the same, the valise was bought with
my money. Carl held an honorary
membership* in the sausage and onions,
but I had a right to Invest the gas
• meter as I saw flt, and he knew it.
Capital is mighty and will prevail.
During the absence of Carl I gazed
at the negro porter, who stood guard
gazed at him with an intense and over
whelming Rock-of-ages-deft-for-me
expression. If I did get t>y the 'purser
with my little 'game/ It was^up to the
porter to either make or break me, but
If he saw or understood the black man
- made no sign. He kept me guessing:
Meanwhile the purser was. busy writ
ing In his coop, which had a little win-
holes in the Illusions of other people.
According to him, there was no truth,
nor beauty, nor goodness, nor any
thing else worth while anywhere in the
JASMINE
flc came up from the streets below.
"Where did the Jasmine come from,
Doris?" he asked abruptly. The pene-
trating odor had suddenly made him
hark back to the day of that pretty
little Southern wedding In New Or
leans, when everything seemed crowd
ed with its perfume. '^-V;
■ A crimson flush 1 surged into Doris'
cheeks, then spread to her broad,
sweet temples and dimpled chin.
"The jasmine?" she echoed helplessly.
"Yes, where did you get it?"
Still flushing, but silent, she lookeel
down at the white waxen petals and
the shining leaves.
"Will you give me a flower?" said
Chester curiously. She wrenched the
jasmine from her girdle - and impul
sively rose from her chair.
"Certainly," she said, "take all of it.
Take it . as a portion of your fee.
You've told me what I can do; ,to
morrow"}ni drop In and tell you what
I want to do."
\ As ■ her hand touched his for a sec
ond, she nodded whimsically" toward
the Jasmine:
"I reckon this is the first time any
one's ever paid you in such a romantic
fashion?" :
When the elevator had taken her
down Chester walked back to the
table and looked at the blossoms lying,
there in all the stiff, white pride of
their Southern fragrance.
"And I'd never guessed it," he com
mented, slowly. "So, there's another
man in the case? And I was putting
all' the trouble 'down to Doris' pride. ,
However, this 'jasmine, explains. Poor
Selwyn— poor chap! She;* can't care
overmuch for the donpr^though," he
reflected logically, "or she wouldn't
have left v me this gift.? \ Just' then the
door opened.. It was ''< Doris," more ra
diantly.. 3 lovely than he had" ever seen
Her. ' K'V"' \ ■
- "What's that name children use for
one another when they take back' gifts/
Tom? 7 An Indian giver? Well, you can
~ UB ? jthat name for me, because I want
these back.? As she pinned the jasmine
into : her ; girdle again her little gloved
* hand trembled perceptibly. '. * :■ '
"Tell me, Doris," he said to her com
mandingly as he arrested her a second
time" at the door, 1 •.'what is the meaning
of thIs ? As : your/ cousin and friend I
would . wish to know, but , as your' law
yer I must know— I must."
"You shall/ to-morrow, , Tom,";, she
dow ledge like a theater box office,
opening into the main cabin. When my
limp partner returned I took the valise,
stood in the middle of the cabin and
held up our only/ asset for "the inspec
tion of the purser. It looked pretty
brisk and shiny in the half light, and
my soul was uplifted when the man in
the coop said: *
"All right; give it to the porter."
Carl's eyes bulged, and he would
have wept, only his mouth monopolized
all the moisture in. his head. He
thought only of- the sausage and
onions, without a spark of pity or com
passion for the nervous strain I had
undergone, saving his life and mine up
to that point, with the porter 'yet to
hear from.
"There's a little light lunch in the
grip I would like to take out if you
don't care," I ventured to remind the
purser.
"I don't want your miserable lunch,"
he gruffly replied, at tne "same time
handing over a couple of deck passage
checks he had made out for us.
Having so far succeeded as a strate
gist I .circled about with the valise and
placed it on the deck directly under
the office ledge! The purser couldn't
see me unless' he rose up and hung
himself across the opening, and I saw
no reason why he should do that, be-
world. We were the worst governed
country In the world, with the possible
exceptions of the effete monarchies of
Europe, the corrupt despotisms of
Leila Wentz
> -■
threw back at him over her shoulder.
"I've made up my mind at last!" She
was gone, but not before he had caught
a gleam of tears in her eyes.
As Chester waited at the "L" station
on his way up town that afternoon
some one grabbed his arm and gave
him a gay greeting. When he glanced
at the fine "boyish face he almost
groaned. "The woman he • loves will
make him a god or a devil, I used to
think," reflected Chester as they made
for a double seat in the car. "And
when Doris is ., gone — not much doubt
about the outcome."
"Walt a minute, old boy," said Sel
wyn, as Tom, in uncertainty, was about
to pull out an evening paper. "You've
been a jolly stanch friend to . me;
when I deserved a right-down hard
kick you didn't even side-step. That's
why I want to tell you" — his voice
broke suspiciously and he fingered at
his collar— "everything's right, and I'm
the 'very happiest man in all New
York!" x
"Eh? What's that?" said Chester
blankly, dropping his paper and squar
ing about.
--■•" 'Twas like this," explained Selwyn',
a rapt smile on his handsome face.
"You know.^olj course, we haven't been
living together for three months?, Well,
this morning, as I was coming out of
my club whom should I run right Into
but the dearest little woman God ever
made. Old chap, I don't know how It
happened, but actually she let me walk
down the avenue with her, and when
we came across a ragged urchin at a
corner with ' little • bunches of Jasmine
tied ; with twine, shey actually half
turned for a second. - Suddenly I sa'w
the bis tears well in her eyes — " The
collar seemed to be troubling him
again. , >
f "Her, home in New Orleans ..-as lit
erally thick- with Cape Jasmine, you
know, .Tom?" he went on. "And, like
a queen, she said, "Don't you want to
get ; me a bunch of those .> blossoms?'
Did I want to, Indeed! And, by Jove,
old chap, if she didn't pin them in her
girdle and wear A them! To-morrow
she's going to send for me and tell me,
whether I; may .enter, paradise ; again." ;
Selwyn's voice seemed .to trail oft i»to
a happy 1 vagueness. . '
■].'■ "I don't think,'.' said Chester, grave
ly,'the odor of the Jasmine still* In; his
nostrils, "I ; don't j think she's going to
ing, as I have said, a very busy per
son. When I opened up the meter the
flow of gas choked the purser; at least
I b,eard him" cough and splutter. Quick
ly passing what was lert or the bolog
na/- bread and onions to Carl.^I mo
tioned him to sneak, and then, looking
the negro porter firmly in the eyeballs,
I handed him the empty 90-cent tar
paper valise and offered up a silent
prayer. .
He took that hollow, scented mockery
in his strong right hand and actually
walked lopsided out of the cabin lest
the purser might be looking. Noble
negro— fairest of his sex! I never saw
my n.eter any. more. Neither did Carl.
By the time this transaction ended we
had taken on the bale of cotton and
were steaming away from the sloppy
Siberian, shore — from the whiskery
live oak trees, Uncle Tom and his mor
ibund mule- 1 -?? to the good in trade on
a legitimate deal. Little did I think
at Memphis about laying up a cheap
valise against ti rainy day— and the
drizzle was fierce.
Carl and I huddled together that
night in a coil of rope on the dismal
lower deck devoid of sheltering hay.
Ever and anon Carl ate a slab of sau
sage, with a side of raw onions to ward
off scurvy. My mind was too full for
food. I thought of Abraham Lincoln
«.-*•**•
Asia, and the savage hordes of Africa.
All of our Senators and Congressmen
were dishonest,, except those who
wern't worth buying, and the probabili
ties were that they eked jout their sal
aries by robbing banks on the side.
When Congress did by any chance pass
a good bill it was all a mistake, or else
they were only covering their tracks.
We all know that kind of a man; per
haps we're something the same kind
of a feline ourselves-
It didn't make any difference to the
knocker what he' was talking about,
he was always ready to point out the
blowholes and the rust specks. ' If he
were looking at Daubem's latest
masterpiece he could find more faults
with the perspective, or the composi
tion, or the coloring, or the technique,
or something else, than the poor
painter ever imagined could be crowd
ed into one small canvas. Tou see,
the knocker had the idea, which a
great many people share with him.
that the proper way to criticize a pic
ture is to bend all your labors to con
vincing the artist that he might be a
fair success as a plain and simple
kalsominer. In literature the knock
er was also right on deck. According
to him, the last great novelist died
with Thackeray, and he didn't think
so much of Thackeray either.' In fact,
he doubted if there had ever been any
great works, of fiction, and he was
very sure that there never would be
again. The only great dramatist was
Shakespeare, and he stole all his ideas
and hired some one else to write his
plays for him. Browning was the
last of the poets, and people thought
that he , was great Just because they
couldn't understand what he was talk
ing about. In music Wagner was
without a peer, and even he didn't
appear to be worth five dollars for an
orchestra seat.
A casual conclusion as to the knock
i er's status in society would have been
, that a man who knew so much about
how things should be done, at least
to the extent of knowing that they
1 were always done wrong, would have
1 been selected as the best man in the
i community . for the most important
,post. That's right where you'd make
the- wildest guess possible. When It
came time to elect a representative In
' Congress* the district passed right by
I the knocker and hit on a young fel
\ low who didn't know so much, but who
I believed a whole lot more.- For ex
ample,- he was sure that the United
* States was the greatest country in the
1 world, bar none, and that while he
I would deplore the necessity, was
equally sure that she could whip any
* two of the other nations in a fair fight,
I pivot blow and strangle hold barred.
\ He hadn't even heard that the coun-
k try was going to the demnition bow
wows and he wouldn't have believed it
'if he had, and he was willing to bet
' all he had that American girls were the
I prettiest and, wittiest, . American men
\ the bravest, American horses . the fast
est, American ' beet sugar the sweetest,
and America herself the finest example
and the great and lasting good the
Great Emancipator had done for pos
terity cm the pork. Next day I hunted
up the negro porter and told him, with
vast pride of voice and gesture, that I
hailed from the same State — Mudville,
111. He didn't know what I was talking
about. . ' - }■'
The rest of the route to New Orleans
was fraught with hardship and hunger.
Long: before our commissary exploded
damp weather coaxed out on the bo
logna a crop of soft blue whiskers half
an. inch long, and, which greatly en
hanced the appearance of the. menu.
However, beauty of that sort is only
skin deep, and by peeling the bologna
we got the true meat and flavor. When
the last fragment was gone the mid
night lunch of hardtack set out for the
negro roustera kept us alive. Like al
ley rats we sneaked from gloomy re
cesses to the table back of the boilers,
grabbed some crackers ana went away
to nibble In the dark. Water is In
cluded in a deck passage, which is a
good thing to know should you ever
decide to take one.
At New Orleans I went to the bad
proper, and, single-footed and alone,
pulled off a march to the sea that
knocks General Sherman's little stroll
silly. 'By all means, sit up and watch
for the next chapter.
extant of the Creator's art. He didn't
have a monopoly of the knowledge of
the world, but ha was young and per
fectly willing to learn, and whan he
came out and announced himself as a
believer In the good old doctrine that
the best. man wins sooner or later the
voters threw tip their hats and de
clared that he was the man for thslr
money.
It is demonstrated by these few sim
ple words that there's a rreat differ
ence between knocking and being
knocked and that a manufacturer of
cheerful hot air will sometl&es produce
enough to Innate his own balloon,
while the knocker, as a rule, succeeds
only in knocking the bottom out of his
own craft and starting hot foot on the
trail of the late lamented McGlnty.
(Copyright. 1904. by Albert Brttt.1TKE fact tiat "twauty is but i&n
fi«*p" Is very Uttle consolation to
the plain vrcrr.an or even to the
one who etand« on the uncornf ort
abU pedestal of the commonplace. It
mak«« no difference how thick or how
this It is. Just as Ion? as It is there,
and IX It Is xnlisicg the main object In
U£« Is to preserve what little fate has
bees kind enough to bestow.
How many people really look into a
mirror. Of course It Is used, but how
much thought Is given to the actual
appearance? Not very much If the
truth were but known. Every day and
a dozen times a day the looking glass
is consulted, but It Is merely to see if
your hair is ernocth; to see If the neck
tie has gotten out of place, or if the
belt Is doing its work properly. Every
time a mirror is passed you glance into
it casually and mechanically, but very,
very seldom to really look well and
ermeatly at yourself and see wherein
yon are lacking and failing.
It la very true that you occasionally
atk your friends whether you are look
in? fit or not. but do they ever give
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MME. YALE'S
Almond Blossom
COMPLEXION
CREAM
GREATEST
TOILET LUXURY
MADE
Cleanses, softens, purifies,
whitens and beautifies the
skin. Soap and water only
cleanse superficially.
Kb*. Tale e&yst A I! til* Almond
. Blossom Complexion Cream «honll
t>« tprUed «rery tlm* til* faes
tsd hands are •washed. It remoni
th« dust, sect, crime, rant and
Bisudr* from th« Interstices of
t2i« gxia aad makes the rorfac*
nacctb as velvet BBSS
A daily necessity at home and
abroad; a treasure when traveling
by land and water, or when on an
citing of any kind, and particu-
larly prized at a seaside or moun-
tain resort. Protects the skin
from cu;ting winds, burning rays
of the sun and every injurious ef-
fect of the clement*. Prevents
End ceres abnormal redness of
the nose cr any part of the face,
and that pt»p!ish hue dne to ex-
posure to cold, also chapping,
chaf.^K. cold sores, fever blisters
and all irritation of the skin. It
is the greatest known specific for
bums; takes the fire out more-
quickly than anything else,
soothrs. heals and prevents scars
and suppuration. Indispensable
for ose of infants and every mem-
ber of the househoU. An exqui-
site natural beautifier. A grateful
application after shaving. Excel-
lent for massage purposes. Now
•n two sizes. Mme. Yale's Almond
aio-som Complexion Cream is
now sold in Cwo sizes by
OWLDR.UGCO.
(Both Stores)
1 128 Market Street
60-32 Geary Street
fJL (pedal pries of 40c and 80c
a true answer, and If they did, wouianf
you be very apt to feel hurt and abused
or think It Just a bit of spite work?
Instead of asking your friends ask your
mirror. Rest assured it will tell you
the plain, unvarnished truth and not b«
the least backward about it, either.
Perhaps this will sound too much Hk«
practicing and fostering vanity, but II
you will look long and earnestly at
yourself in the shining surface and se«
yourself exactly as others see you, X
doubt very much if there will bo very
much vanity to trouble about.
Ten to one you will discover furrows
and wrinkles that will be more than a
painful surprise to you. Here and thera
a telltale line will assert Itself and a
peculiar drawn expression about the
mouth will tell you plainer than any
words that you are failing most woe
fully in some direction.
Stop and examine yourself critically.
Do not try to gloss over your faults and
explain them away, but for once in your
life be quite as hard upon yourself as
any one else could possibly be. Then
and only then will you be able to know
to what extent the spirit is acting upon
the face, and whether it Is for good
or bad.
No amount of cosmetics, pretty frocks
and becoming hats will write a pleas
ant etory upon' your face if the story
is not in your heart. Fretting brings
ugly lines, fault-finding disagreeable
curves, and anxiety a subtle something
that takes away all the peace and
sweetness from the face, no matter how
youthful it may be.
Tire busy woman who exercises her
bra'.n Is bright looking and every mus
cle, in her face spells intellectualitj'.
Why? Simply because her time is de
voted to some particular line of busi
ness that develops and broadens her,
and she is too intent and too Interested
in her pet hobby to Indulge in petty
gossip and bickering of any kind.
The plainest face takes on an interest
If there is any development behind it,
but if your face lacks intellectuality
there is but one way to remedy it. Get
your brain into swift action and think
more of others than of yourself. In
other words train your mind as you
have trained your body, and it cannot
help but influence the expression of
your face. Now do not imagine that
it is absolutely necessary to go in for
a course of higher education, though,
to be sure, the more you know the more
your being will reflect. Go In for any
thing and everything. Learn to sew, to
cook, to sing, to handle horses, to play
games well, to read books wisely, in
fact, anything that will make you more
interesting and that will take you out
of yourself, for the minute you forget
yourself, your trials and tribulations,
you are getting out of an unhappy,
commonplace rut that do«s neither you
or any one else any good.
Perhaps more than half the wrinkles
eeen In the face are caused by laughing,
pain or tricks of some kind that one is
perfectly unconscious of. For instance,
how perfectly natural it is to sit down,
put the chin In the hand and press the
flesh out of position. Of course doing
this now and then would have little or
no effect, but the girl who continually
Eits in this position soon discovers to
her sorrow that her face is growing
rather one-sided and that wrinkles are
forming that age her 'ten or twelve
years.
The jolly girl Is always In a peck of
trouble nnd the more, she laughs the
deeper the lines about her mouth and
eyes grow, but thanks be, they at least
do not betoken a cross, irritable dispo
sition, for nothing lights up one quite
so much as gladness, and no amount of
wrinkles can ever cover, up or efface
the marks that happlness'Ieaves on the
brow of her best beloved.
But wrinkles, whatever their cause,
are not pretty, and the sooner they are
eradicated the better. Steaming the
face and then applying . some good
cream will take out the fine lines, but
it will not touch the heavy ones that
run across the forehead or that insist
upon making themselves distinctly dis
agreeable about the eyes. For them
there Is but one simple remedy. The
use-of adhesive plaster. Just about the
time you are ready to retire place a
piece of rubber plaster over the wrin
kles and let it remain there during the
night. Be especially careful when put
ting It on the forehead, for if the hair
or eyebrows come in contact with It
they will have to come out by the roots,
and it Is rather a painful operation.
And, by the way, when you put the
plaster on, draw It rather snugly over
the lines and do not try to remove it
without the use of alcohol. Hot .water
only makes it 6tlcky. uncomfortable and
difficult to manage, but alcohol cuts
and loosens gradually and the bandage
may be removed gently and without
pain. SSJB
In rubbing the face try to remember
to rub ud Instead of down. Naturally
the skin Rags and droops and years of
rubbing helps the good cause along In
an astounding fashion. If you're rub
bins a cold cream about . your mouth
make the upward stroke > the. heaviest
ana the downward ones as rew and aa
light as possible.
Cosmetics never accomplish any real
good. Powders clog the pores or th«
skin and toilet vinegars possess drying
qualities that are bad unless t':e skin
is very oily and soft.
Instead of the thousand and ona
preparations that are on the marked
try pure soap and water, both hot and
cold 1 , and see what it will do for you.
The flabby muscles and flesh will fresh
en up and regain some of their natural
firmness, and if you massage system
atically your good looks will slowly but
surely come back to you and you will
have discovered the fountain of youth.
Answers to
Correspondents
LUCY (Dates).— The 15th of Novem
ber, 1S71, fell on a Wednesday. I an
swered your other question last week.
OLIVE (Paint stains). — Don't feel
so badly about your skirt, for it can
be cleansed and be quite as good as
new. If the stain is old and dry cover
the spot with olive oil and then use
plenty of chloroform. Remember this
sort of treatment holds good only with
cotton and woolen materials, so don't
try it on anything else later on.
MOTHER (Prickly heat). — Chil
dren who are subject to prickly heat
should not be burdened with heavy
underwear, as this is the most com
mon cause of the eruptions. Give your
little ones a bran bath In the morning
without soap and use a good dusting
powder freely. At night give them a
good sponge bath and use some more
dusting powder.
ALMA (Wedding invitations). — The
cost of invitations depends entirely
upon the style of engraving. You can
get a popular style for 514 or $15 a
hundred and a simpler one for J 12 a
hundred. That Includes the engraved
plate and two sets of envelopes, ona
for the inside and the outer one to be
addressed. If you want the "at home"
card it will cost you about 12 60 extra,
and, of course, will be in the same
etyle of engraving. If you are in
doubt as to a firm I will gladly give
you a number of addresses if you will
give me your address.
A. B. C. (Blackheads).— Hero is a
good remedy for those annoying lit
tle nuisances: t
Boracic acid 1 drachm
Alcohol 1 ounce
Rose water ....2 ounces
Use with friction twice a day on the,
skin affected. '
I will give you another receipt, too,
while I am at It:
Ether ; .....l ounc«
Boap liniment .-.1 ounct
Upon retiring for the night rub into
the spots affected and In the morning
wash the surface with hot water.
YOUNG HOUSEKEEPER (Cleanse
glass). — The easiest way to cleanse
glass vases, carafes or bottles of any
sort is to use a little muriatic acid.
A tablespoonful rinsed slowly around
In a vase or decanter will cleanse It
thoroughly, removing from .the glass
every particle of foreign matter. The
acid can then be poured Into another
vase to perform the same office, and
even returned to the bottle of supply
for service on another occasion. After
the acid is out of the vase or bottle
the latter must be rinsed inside thor
oughly, first with hot soapsuds and
then in several clear waters. Muriatic
acid is dangerous and must be used
with great care.
MRS. M. (For relaxed skin). —Where
the skin is relaxed a slightly astrin
gent water, may be used with good ef
fect. Get eight ounces of : orange
flower water and one-fourth -. dra'chm
of simple tincture of benzoin. Drop
the/ benzoin a little at a. time into th«
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CAUL
WHAT WOMEN WANT TO KNOW
orange flower water. Shake the Dot
tle. The result will be a milky liquid.
£>lp a linen cloth into a little of this
liquid and bathe the face. If It feels
drawn add a little more orange flower
water. " Tincture of benzoin varies
somewhat In strength. . It should not
feel uncomfortable upon the face. If
it does and pulls the skin. It la too
powerful.
MIRIAM (Baked celery). — Be care
ful In handling; celery, for it Is not fit
to eat unless It Is 'properly cooked. To
bake it in paper cases cook it in boil
ing- salted .water, ■ chop' very fine and
dr»ln,' celery to the • amount of a pint.'
scald six green / peppers, niD'off tia
Bkin r cut off the stems and remov*
the seeds. Make a rich Italian sauce
as follows: Fry ona tableapoonful of
chopped ahalots in ona tablespooafnl
of salad oil until yellow. Add a sprig
of parsley, a tablespoonful of chop
ped mushrooms and fry for flva min
utes. Dredge with a tablespoonful of
cornstarch, mix well and add one cup
ful ot 'brown stock. Whin smooth
add two tablespoonfula of mushroom
catsup and" a celery pulp. Fill th»
pepper shells. placa' close together la
a baking dish containing an inch of
hot" water and a generous lump of
butter and bake for half an hour.
{ M.-T. (Cold Creams).— I do not know
the cream you are using, oo will glfa
ycu a simple, old fashioned ono that
has held Its own for years:
Spermaceti 13 grains
White soap In powder.... % drachm
White wax (pulvtrlxed)..%. drachm
Almond oil (swe«t) ....'..% drachm
Jordan almonds ............3 ounces
Pure alcohol 1 ounces
Distilled water .3 ounces
Attar of roses 3 drops.
Oil of neroll ..»;.. 5 drops
Essence of jasmine *i drachm
Essence of white rose....% drachm:
Blanch the almonds and beat them
Into a smooth paste, adding some
water gradually to form a thin cream.
Melt the wax. spermaceti and almond
oil together and to this add the soap,
previously rubbed down, with one-half
ounce of water. To this add, in small
quantities, the remainder of the water,
assiduously stirring. Then add the
strained almond cream and finally the
alcohol and the perfume. A little of
this mfck may be rubbed into th» skin
several times a day and the effect Is
permanently beneficial.LONDON
Deals ia Brtatality.
ACK LONDON'S last novel, "The
J Sea -Wolf," must give pause even
to the most ardent of the vounc
CaJiforaian writer's admirers.
For by the very insistence of a
certain element in the ttllinc of
hsf= la?t story London boldly challenges
a question which his former tales have
raised, thoufih in less decree, and which
■will find in its answer, Riven bv the
readers, the forecast of future success
or failure for London the writer of fic
tion. This question, boldly put. is: In
how large a measure does the element
of strength in a novel condone the use
of the ugly, the sordid, the brutal; can
ihe utter elimination of the spiritual in
favor of press materialism be consid
ered an axsct of esthetic value in the
final appiairc-iKent of a novel's worth?
This itjsue is boldly, even pujrnacious
|y forced by Mr. London in this storv
of his. I can recall no piece of English
or American fiction of receftt vears
which insists upen a display of the raw
meat of life such as does "The Sea-
Wolf." The tritj phrase of the review
ers who sum up the worth of a book
by its arterial pressure of "Rood red
blood" certainly applies to London's sea
story as it has applied to no recent
piece of fiction. Red blood spurts from
every page of Wolf Larsen's lo:r. red
blood and teeth coughed up after blows,
and ribs cracked from tigerish mauline.
The central figure, at all times the con
trolling lijrure, is a Cyclops, a. moral
Caliban, whose law is the law of the
Stone Age and whose scheme of life is
that of the "Mad Philosopher." Nietz-
Eche^-life the sordid thing. From the
second chapter of the book throuerh to
the last the atmosphere is permeated
with the taint of this Wolf Larsen— a
man whom London calls "Lucifer,
proud spirit" — destroyer, infidel, captain
of a "hell ship" in very truth. There
is no surcease from the spoken and
acted enormities of the man. Blood and
blasphemy reek from three hundred
pages of "The Sea-Wolf."
To what end? True, brutalitv has
found place in the most treasured of
our classics. Homer sings of Achilles
dragging Hector about the walls of
•Troy at the tail of his chariot: but
this exemplifies the divine rage of men
of the heroic age. Tolstoy tells of the
horrors of war in his "Sevastopol" with
the single purpose of painting the un
pardonable tragedy of conflict. The
brutality in "The Sea-Wolf" serves no
purpose but its own; it is brutality
for brutality's sake. Granted that the
ultimate aim of the story is to dem
onstrate the development that comes to
the character of the dilettante Hum
phrey Van Weyden, can it be esti
mated in the final instance that Van
Weyden is the better man for witness-
Ing and suffering: for months the in
human barbarisms of Wolf Larsen,
even though to his talents as a literary
critic he has added that of naviga
tion?
Wolf Larsen's savagery constructs
nothing, profits nothing. His gross
iconoclasm of philosophy moves no
body in the story, convinces nobody.
This savagery, then, this iconoclasm.
serves but to bring strength to the au
thor's conception of his character— and
•ue are back to the question: Does the
suppression of the spiritual to the ad
vancing of bald, hard materialism make
for strength^ In a novel— for true
strength?
Consideration of this element of the
novel aside, It may be heartily assert
ed that London has given here a vivid
picture of the sea— vivid to a degree
that most landsmen cannot appreciate.
The author has exhibited here, as in
his other stories, a remarkable facility
for producing an atmosphere for his
plot which pricks itself line for line
on the retina of the reader's Imagina
tion. The tossing schooner Ghost, its
rnongrel crew of flotsam. Wolf Larsen
himself, are real— real as if the reader
■were In Humphrey Van Wede*n's sea
toots. The Incident of the attack upon
Death JJarsen's sealing crew and the
subsequent flight through the fog, as
"well as the description of Larsen's
masterful seamanship in the typhoon
are Intensely vivid. London has the
knack of coloring essential detail in a
manner such as to embrace and out
line the whole picture. i
The author's grasp upon the course
of true love^is not so certain. The
■whole incident of Van Weyden's res
cue" of Maud Brewster from the Ghost,
of their subsequent drifting in an
open boat, their sojourn on a desert,,
Island and their final emancipation
from the wilderness of the sea Iack3
the 'convincing quality that charac
terizes the early part of the tale. It
reads like an excerpt from the story
books. The psychological moment for
the Implanting of that kiss upon the
fair Maud's lips was not at the light
ing of final deliverance, but at the
•Instant the castaways set foot on En
deavor Island.
If, in resume. I may be permitted
an expression of opinion directly per
ronal I say that "The Sea-Wolf" will
add nothing to Mr. London's credit
and that another story of its frankly
brutal nature would detract largely
-from his well-earned reputation. I
do not believe that the reading world
wants this butcher's meat, hacked
dripping from the bones of realism.
(The Macmlllan Company, New
Tork; illustrated; price $1 50.)
CAHNE'S
"The Prodigal Son"
z-p HOUGH Had! Caine is firmly com-
I mined to the belief that this* is
I the worst possible of all possible
worlds, he has a master hand at
painting the heavy shadows of
wretched humanity. Tragedy and
heartbreak, the wrecking of hopes, the
crumbling of resolves, the futility of
all that makes for happiness in this
world and glory in the next — these are
the sable textures of all his novels.
These he has utilized in the last of his
stories, "The Prodigal Son," with. a
BOOKS OF
THE DAY
power transcending that manifested in
any of his former works. "The Prod
igal Son" is a terrible story, a strong
story, if not a pleasant one.
In several of his ©Arlier novels, not
ably "The Manxman" and "The Bonds
man," Caine wrought tragedy out of
circumstance ar.d incident — the accu
mulations of fate terribly piled up; the
free play of the characters themselves
availed little in the final denouement.
This last story of his is immeasurably
stronger, more artistic thUn the others
becaure in it the psychology of events
is reflected directly upon the psycho
logical inspirations of his characters.
He has made a closer study of the
cause and effect of human emotions
and impulses; circumstance has to play
no god from the machine; the human
soul works out its own destiny. The
story teems not fiction, but life re
vealed, line for line. s
Iceland makes the theater for "The
Prodigal Son." The characters are all
of Iceland. In choosing the dull, drab
setting of the bleak hills and the sim
ple, homespun peoples inhabiting them
the author has purposely placed his
tragic tale of life on the plane of first
principles. in every respect
are the components of the plot. ?f The
temptations that come to. Oscar Ste
phenson are the temptations against
which Solomon warned the youths of
Israel; even as did Esau, he 'sells his
birthright for a mess of the world's
pottage. The tragedy arising from the
hopeless frailty of this man is the com
mon world tragedy; But this tempta
tion, this sin, this tragedy, all burning
forth from the harsh, uncompromising
gloom of Iceland, give "The Prodigal
Son" the crude, the bitter strength of
the primitive. ; -
The plot has few complications; in
deed, the end may be guessed before
Part I has been read through. A mis
mated love, a guilty love, the sins of a
weak man and the deeds of a strong—
these things and the story tells itself.
It is in the intensive study of the char
acters that the meat of the book lies.
This Caine has wrought in a manner
suggestive of Eduard Rod, the expo
nent of the psychological novel in
French contemporary fiction. Feeling
Is interpreted by action; shades of
meaning gain significance by the man
ner of utterance as well as the import
of the spoken word. His conception
of Oscar, the brilliant, untrammeled
soul who sins for the minute and lives
to reap bitter repentance, is the best,
the most masterly that Hall Caine has
yet evolved. -
(D. Appleton & Co., New York; price
5150.) . • . -
ARTIST
Tries at Fiction.
f± NDRE CASTAIGNE, one 'of the
LJ best known illustrators of the.
J 1 modern school, has essayed to es
* tablish himself in a new depart
ment of the arts with his first
novel, "Fata Morgana." His initial at
tempt, however, is hardly flattering
enough to encourage any further exer
tion in this line of endeavor; he would
better stick to his last and continue In
the province where his abilities have
gained such permanent recognition.
"Fata Morgana" is far from beintr a
good novel.
Good in spots but weak in construc
tion and almost absolutely lacking in
coherence is this story of Castaij?ne's.
He begins his tale in the middle and
then after several chapters goes back
to pick up the threads that are wav
ing wildly about, demanding a place
in the woof of the plot. Then when
the premises of the' action have been
laid affairs carry along to the original
point of break and after one hundred
pages the reader begins to find himself
and to identify the present with what
goes before. Another break, and the
story carries to a castle on the Adriatic
— a fiction castle, of course — where a
strange melodrama of prophecy and
present evil is enacted. At the end
the reader gathers what he may. from
the tangle and counts nearly 600 pages
that have taxed his eyes fruitlessly.
Bohemian Paris— the Bohemia of the
Quartier Latin, the ateliers and the Bal
de Quat'z-Arts— as. reflected tin' Cas
taigne's novel gives it Its cmef worth.
Of course one like the author, who has
lived his life In the. student atmos
phere of Paris and who even now is
the head of an art school there, has
the atmosphere of the place at first
hand, and Castalgne reproduces" It with
convincing. surety. In the first chap
ters of his novel, wherein he deals .with
the early struggles of his. hero to gain
a foothold In the art world, the author
has given many clear-cut pictures of
the rare bonhomie and generous good
fellowship obtaining in the art quar
ter. His characters Poufaille and Su
zanne, the journeyman sculptor and his
model, are the best in the book judged
from the interest which centers about
them. Helia, the heroine, is very like
one of the artist-author's lay models;
she "stays put" wherever her creator
wills it and her actions are as mechan
ical as a lay figure's. Philip, the young
artist, has the originality of indecision.
if this sole distinctive feature of his
mental endowments can be called orig
inal.
If illustrations made the book "Fata
Morgana" would be one of the most
prized volumes of the M e&son. Over
sixty of his pencil creations has Cas
taigne contributed to the text— all trood.
Had the author added to this number
by about one-half again he' might have
omitted the story altogether and still
given the reader as tangible a grasp of
the plot as the printed page does. .
(The Century Company, New York;
price 51 50.)
NOVEL
of Clever Surprise.
MAN ON THE BOX," Har-
I old McGrath's new story, would
I have been a highly entertajn
>;././," Ing little tale had the author
stuck to the dominant strain of farce
comedy throughout. The Idea, Is novel,
the situations Ingenious and humor is
bubbling from almost every chapters
but not satisfied with producing a tale
which might lay no claim to being else
than a frothy bit of fun makl/g Mc-
Grath has sought to cast a spell of mel
odrama over the plot's conclusion and
In so doing he has come weir nigh
wrecking his story.- • , .
A hero who, In the spirit of adven
ture, disguises himself as a coachman
In order that he might enjoy the nov
elty of driving his own sister home
from a Washington, . diplomat's ball,
counts not upon fate and finds himself
piloting instead the girl of all ; girls
whom he had worshiped from afar.
Complications lead to the Police Court
and out again. Still unidentified, this
reckless young fellow takes service
with the maid of his heart in the'same
guise of a coachman and even finds
himself forced to serve soup to his
rival when ■ pressed Into the capacity
of a butler. What with his love for
the one who is thus placed In. the po
sition of his mistress and the pressing
danger of discovery always attending
upon his wild escapade, the . hero finds
thing? pretty much at sixes arid sevens
until he has an opportunity to ■ climb
through, an open window, and play the
god from the machine in highly dramat-
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CAUl
lc manner. Then things straighten
themselves out in an eminently satis
factory fashion.
.But that making of the girl's father
into a traitor to his country and a very
barterer of the nation's secrets— that
artifice with all the concomitant fea
tures of the villainous young Russian
and the w'reck of a fortune falls very
flat." Even the author Is riot sincere
enough in his tragic mood to make of
the Czar's secret service agent a pass
ably conscientious villain. Time and
again he temporizes with his Impulse
by voicing extenuation for all of the
Count's wickedness, i This strained ele
ment of sensationalism, together with
a very clumsy way of giving the story
in, the first person and making paren
thetical jibes and comments upon the
conventions of novel writing, mar an
otherwise brilliant piece of fiction fool
ing. .
(The Bobbs-Merrill Company, Indian
apolis; illustrated.)
FICTION
and Fact Reviewed.
POSSESSING much of the fascina
tion of H. G. Wells' stories of the
Improbable and written In a style
vigorous and tensely dramatic,
James Barnes' novel, "The Unpar
donable War," is a book to spur, the
Interest of the most blase reader
of fiction. Not that Its fundament
al plot scheme is startling in.. Its
originality — stories of hypothetical
wars between world powers have
been written in goodly numbers;
but the vividness of the book's Inci
dents of battle both on sea aod land is
commensurable with that of a pano
rama, so clear-cut, does each feature
stand put in near perspective. The au
thor's description of the great sea fight
between the -British and American
fit ets reads . as if it were written by
Captain Mahan.
According to Barnes' story the
echoes of the Russo-Japanese war had
not been long dead when. an unfortu
nate combination of ; circumstances
brought England and our.country to
terrible blows.' , The, sudden sweeping
Into the Presidential office of a.candi
date of the People's party and the at
tendant propaganda of quasl-Sociallsm
had served to spread confusion to busi
ness at home and to make dangerous
our relations abroad.* An unscrupul
ous^owner of 'a syndicate, of news
papers cognlves with certain disreput
able members of the'weVk President's
Cabinet to bring, on a war In order
that the mistakes -of the party in
power may not; grow; too large in the
public opinion. ' By fclever distortion of
truth \ and • insistent bully-ragging, the
newspaper syndlcate\: actually -does
bring matters' to such a j>ass that the
unintentional ramming of a British
battleship by, an American boat pre
cipitates hostilities. One great land
tattle Is fought near Montreal and one
[engagement between the belligerent
fleets occurs off the Atlantic coast,
then by a wonderful invention of an
American scientist, the nature of
which will not be unfairly disclosed
here, war is suddenly brought to a
standstill on account of the very fu
tility of the weapons of destruction.
Aside from the vivid descriptions of
conflict in the book not a little interest
attaches to the author's clever antici
pations of the strides of science. . Both
upon the ships of war and with the
armies, on land there are utilized in
struments of offense" and defense
which seem not impossible, though
they are for the time being but the
figments of the author's imaginings.
(The Macmillan Company, New
York; price $1 50.)
"Hearts In Exile," John Oxenham's
story of Siberia and the secret arm of
the great white Czar, Is not sensa
tional as it might easily have been, but
a strong, well balanced tale of dra
matic interest. The author exhibits all
the earmarks of the true story-teller in
his sympathetic handling of situations
which would call for strained heroics or
the crudest kind f of bathos, from one
less skilled in the art than Oxenham.
Beginning with a marriage between a
wealthy Russian and a girl who has
aspirations for the uplifting of the
masses, this story of Russia rapidly
develops the dangers attending any
work of reform in the Czar's country.
Serge Palma, the successful of the two
rivals who had bidden for the hand
of the philanthropic maid, finds that
his interest In his wife's schemes leads
to the grim road to* Siberia. But on
his way to exile Palma meets Paul
Pavlof, the disappointed but high
minded lover, and consents to the lat
ter's offer to change places in order
that the girl behind mayunot be be
reaved. How the wife, not knowing
of the change, goes to Siberia In search
of her husband and finds there her
former lover instead, and /how, as her
guardian, Paul l€ads the woman out
of dangerous places to final happiness —
these things make a strong and thrill
ing tale. »
(DDdd, Mead & Co., New York; illus
trated; price $1 50.)
Imagination that can be made so
vivid . as to produce the semblance
of reality is something not usually
found in the work of present day ro
mances. Harris Burland, , author of
"The Princess Thora," has it in satis
fy Ing. plenitude. Though telling a tale
which prima facie Is nothing more tnan
the wildest romance, this writer brings
to his task such directness and force
of conviction that the reader begins to
believe that his conceits are x not only
probable, but reasonably within the
bounds of possibility- To. say that the
plot centers about the North Pole and
that a strange race of Pole dwellers
plays an important part In the story is
to • give the reader hint enough to
arouse his Interest and Insure his pe
rusal, of the tale.
(Little, Brown & Co., Boston; illus
trated; price. 51 50.)
A.very artistic Christmas book is
"Our. Christmas Tides," arranged, and
written In large part by Dr. Theodore
Ledyard Cuyler. Seven Christmas es
says and little sermons appropriate to
the season and: seven Christmas songs
and poems, known to every speaker of
the English" tongue, constitute the
volume. Among the first are: "A Mer
ry Christmas to You," an interesting
sketch of Christmas customs In Eng
land, America and elsewhere. Includ
ing' some delightful personal reminis
cence; "A Day at Bethlehem," which
Is; a description of the modern City, of
David; "A" Motto for Giv
ing," a plea for Christian generosity;
"Jesus the Joy-Brlnger." "Home
Thoughts for ChrlstmaB. Tide." "The
Star of Bethlehem- That '.Never Sets"
and '"Back to Christ,", the last - four
semi-sermons with a bearing on Christ
mas, each full of inspiration for right
living, written in Dr. Cuyler's simple,
effective way. The book is illustrated
with photogravures and decorated with
broad designs ' In red along the wide
margins.; It is a holiday book -which
has more meat in it than the averasre
of the class. . •',
(TherBaker & Taylor Company, New
York.) 1 ' ' .. .
"Careers for the Coming Men" is the
title of a' volume of essays and speeches
upon ".the professions and industries of
the day, by ; men who have * the author
ity .of knowledge to back their words.
Whltelaw Reid, the veteran editor and.
statesman, tells of Journalism as a pro
fession of opportunity: the two
branches of the military service, army
arid navy, are treated by Colonel Albert
Mills and Rear Admiral George W.
Melville; F. N/ Doubleday reveals the
advantages and disadvantages of pub
lishing as a business; Jamc3 K.
Hackett tells stage x secrets and—signi
ficant fact — Cyrus Townsend Brady, the
prolific, holds the ear with whispered
advice upon the very doubtful career of
the author. The book is a good one for.
a young man to read when he besrins "
to mingle some individual speculation
with his high school algebra. *
(The Saalfleld Publishing CompanV.
Akron, Ohio;' illustrated; price- 51 50.).
/ • . ..•
The entirely new "Cynic's Calendar"
is piled up in Paul Elder's windows. It
is as good as the last and that is as
good as the combined wit of Ethel
Watts Mumford, Oliver Herford and
Addlson Mlzner can make it- Price 75
cents— better get it. '
THE MONTH
in Magazine World.
THE Christmas number of Scrib
ner's Magazine is unusually beau
tiful in its pictures, both in color
and black and white, and Is filled
with sketches and short stories that are
not only amusing and entertaining, but
are good literature and full of charac
ter, as well as adapted to the Christ
mas season. Specially noteworthy art
features are the colored frontispiece,
by Maxfleld Parrish; the illustrations
In color for some "Scenes From the Old
Ballads," by Beatrice Stevens; the
drawings by Walter Appleton Clark,
showing Christmas scenes In an old
French village; a drawing of a mother
and child In colors by Sarah Stilwell,
accompanying a poem by E. S. Martin,
and the beautiful colored cover by Da
vid Erlcson.
, Short fiction Is abundant and of great
variety —
"McAllister's Christmas" Is the story
of how a comfortable clubman got Into
the Tombs and saw how Christmas was
spent In the underworld. The author,
Arthur Train, Is an Assistant District
Attorney, j Edith Wharton has a story
of artistic life in New York, "The Pot
Boiler." Octave Thanet's story "The
Angel of His Youth" is a tale of dis
illusionment. The late Guy Wetmore
Carryl is represented by a most amus
ing story entitled "William, Alfy and
Henry John." Another humorous story,
"The Corner Cupboard Man," is by
Sydney Preston, the author of "The
Green Pigs."
The position of distinction held by
McClure's in story as well as article
is* well sustained .by the fiction of the
December number. James Hopper
leads with "A Jumble in Divinities,"
which for charm of style and quality
of sentiment can hardly be excelled
as a Christmas story. There are more
stories that^ppeal to our primal sense
of what is beautiful and tender to our
better instincts and tastes, with a
moving force. George Madden Mar
tin's "God Rest You, Merry Chris
tians." Marion Hill's "His Journey to
the Gates," Janet Remington's "The
Way Wonderful," Herman Knicker
bocker VIele's "The Money Meter,"
are about the people and things we all
know, real' and homely and familiar,
feeling what we have felt and draw-
Ing our warmest sympathy. Mrs.
Martin's is a Christmas story., which
reflects the season and its meaning.
Then there are more of the masterly
studies of men and things in the
rough, of that great Americk which
lies far west of Hoboken, as artis
tically perfect expressions of the un
familiar as are these other stories of
the ordinary. Rex. E. Beach de
scribes a terrible contest of two miners
with cold and hunger and distance. in
the Arctic circle, "The Test." in which
mind defeats matter. Stewart Ed-
Avard White continues his serial, "The
Rawhide," and carries us /with un
broken Interest Into the mysteries of
"the round-up" "the trail" in the
Arizona desert. O. Henry has a de
llghtfullyv humorous sketch of the
matrimonial adventures of two retired
miners In "The Ransom of Mack." A
collection of thrilling stories, con
densed under one title, Is found in
"Notes from a Trainer's Book," by
Samuel Hopkins Adams.
The spirit of Christmas invades the
editorial sanctum long before December
comes, and the Christmas magazines
celebrate the holiday season with a
specially liberal literary and artistic
menu.' Among the Christmas maga
zines The Booklovers will take a
foremost place. It ! contains a varied
and attractive array of literary con
tributions, and an unusually quantity
of brilliant and artistic illustrations,
many of them in color and tint.
Pastor' Charles Wagner, the apostle
of the simple life, opens the December
number with a. brief "Christmas Mes
sage," written in French 'and trans
lated by Mary Bacon. It is a singularly
fresh and unconventional treatment of
an almost threadbare subject, a paean
of praise on the beauty of the "mother
spirit" that at Christmastlde, at least,
is universal and powerfuIMn Its appeal
to the best in human nature.
One of the most interesting papers In
the December number is that by Bur
riss Gahan on "The Real Australian,"
being the first of a series of three pa-
pers on the Island continent. In this
article Mr. Gahan introduces the reader
to "the land and the people" in that
country of opposites, and describes and
corrects those first impressions of the
traveler which are so apt to be false
and misleading.
Pearson's magazine for December
presents the unusually numerous col
lection of six special articles and eight
sparkling pieces of fiction.
"The American House of Lords," by
David S. Barry, is the leading article. 1
and tells of the perquisites and sine
cures of United States Senators; as
they are to convene on the first Mon
day of December, this paper Is pecul
iarly timely. A sketch of the philan
thropic career of the late Louis Flelsch
mann relates the history and the da-
tails of his world-famous Bread Una.
one of the nlsht sights of New York.
Still another timely article Is H. P.
Burchell's "International Athletics,**
copiously illustrated with photographs.
In his story Mr. Burchell briefly re
counts the results of this year's Ameri
can sporting achievements in compe
tition with England,, Canada, Ger
many and France. The article
embraces everything from the de
feat of Emperor William's Meteor to
the victories of Americans over English
track* teams and cricket teams, and
German bowling teams.
The number of clippings from Sun
set which one sees in Eastern publi
cations Is the best evidence of the pro
gress which this local magazine Is
making. Its December number contains
some material which would easily be
featured in the select pages of a few
of its aristocratic New York contem
poraries. For fiction readers Mrs.
Mabel Craft Deering contributes "The
Stocking Speaks," wherein that glori
fied adjunct of the winter festival tells
a strange pathetic tale of its peregrina
tions. "Christmas Marketing on th«
Yukon" by Samuel Hubbard reveals
some of the joys of preparing for the
Yuletide feast under the aurora with
eggs at 52 a dozen. Ella M. Sexton
is the author of a tale of the Latin
quarter, "The Romance of Concha."
Besides two very good pieces of verse
by E. A. Brinins^pol and Jeanett*
Campbell. Christmas Sunset contains
some good solid matter — "Far West
ern History" by Professor H. Morsa
Stevens of the University of California.
"Outdoor Life In California" by Wil
liam Greer Harrison, president of the
Olympic Club; "On the King's High
way" by Wallace Everett, and much
else that is good reading.
The Thanksgiving number of Th»
Youth's Companion (November 24) is
so satisfying as to make turkey seem
almost superfluous. It contains six
complete short stories, two of •which,
are Thanksgiving stories, one by Bliss
Perry, editor of the Atlantic Monthly,
the other by Harriet Prescott Spofford.
There Is a capital illustrated article.
"Our Boys in Gray" — scenes In tha
life of a letter carrier, written by one
of them. There is another illustrated
article telling how to build a "Scooter"
or combined ice and water boat.
There are nearly a dozen short char
acter sketches, mostly humorous,
anecdotes of Nathaniel Hawthorne,
George Frederick Watts and the Chi
nese Emperor and Dowager Empress,
nearly a score of Interesting selections
of miscellany, besides the stories and
poems and the children's page, a phy
sician's contribution on "Schools and
Nerves" and the notes on Nature and
Science and Current Events.
NewBooRs Received
THE SEA WOLF— Jack London; the
Macmillan Company, New York; Illus
trated; price 51 50.
THE MARATHON MYSTERY— Bur*
ton E. Stevenson; Henry Holt & Co^
New York; illustrated; price $1 50.
THE GIRL AND THE KAISER—
Pauline Bradford Mackie; Bobbs, Mer
rill Company. Indianapolis; illustrated.
THE BINDWEED— Nellie K. Blls
sett; the Smart Set Publishing Com
pany, New York; price $1 50.
MY LADY LAUGHTER— Dwlght
Tilton; C. N. Clark Publishing Com
pany, Boston; illustrated; price $1 50.
HOPE HATHAW" AY— Frances Pars
er; C. N. Clark Publishing Company.
Boston; illustrated; price 51 50.^
THE TOUCH OF NATURE-iAugus
tus M. Lord; American Unitarian As
sociation. Boston; illustrated; price 51.
JOHN GILLEY— Charles W. Elliot;
American Unitarian Association, Bos
ton; price 60 cents.
LAMECH— Mrs. N. B. Williamson:
Whitaker & Ray Company, San Fran
cisco; price 51-
REMINISCENCES— Luella Dicken
son; Whitaker & Ray Company, San
Francisco; price $2.
THE CURSE OF THREE GENERA
TIONS—Jeanette Wheeler; M. A. Dono
hue & Co., Chicago.
WEST AMERICAN SHELLS— Joslah
Keep; Whitaker & Ray Company, San
Francisco; illustrated; price 52.
THE WANDERING HOST— David
Starr Jordan; American Unitarian As
sociation. Boston; price 90 cents.
A MANUAL OF PERSONAL HY
GIENE—Edited by Walter L. Pyle; W.
B. Saunders & Co., Philadelphia; Illus
trated: price 51 30.
TRUTH AND FREEDOM— Thomas
Hebblewhlte; Whitaker & Ray Com
pany, San Francisco; price $2 50.
HEALTH. STRENGTH AND POW
ER—Dr. Dudley A. Sargent: H. M.
Caldwell Company. Boston; price 51 75.
WOMAN AND HER . WITS— Edited
t>y G. F. Monkshood; H. M, Caldwell
Company; price 75 cents.Copyright by S. B. McClnre Co.
J FIRST met him one Fourth of July
afternoon !a the middle eighties. The
-t^ius: streets and high board side
walks cf the lumber town were filled
to the brim with people. The perma
nent population of the town, dressed In
the stlffest of its Sunday best, escorted
gingham wives or sweethearts; a dozen
outsiders like myself tried not to be too
conspicuous In a city smartness; but
the great multitude was composed of
the men of the woods.
I sat, chair tilted, by the hotel.
■matching them pass. Their heavy
■woolen shirts crossed by the broad
suspenders, the red of their sashes or
leather shine of their belts, their short
kersey trousers "slagged" off to leave
a pap between the knee and the
heavily spiked "cork boots"— all these
■were distinctive enough of their class,
but most interesting to me were the
eyes that peered from beneath their lit
tle round hats tilted rakishly askew. In
my half-conscious scrutiny I probably
ftared harder than I knew, for all at
once a pair of blue laughing eyes
suddenly met mine full, and an ironi
cal voice drawled:
"Say. bub, you look as Interested as
a man killing snakes. Am I your long
lost friend?"
"I guess you are." I replied, "if you
can tell me what all this outfit's head
ed for."
He thrust back his hat and ran his
hand through a mop of closely cropped
light curls.
"Birllng match," he explained briefly.
"Come on!"
I joined him, and together we fol
lowed the crowd to the river, where
■we roosted like cormorants on adjacent
piles overlooking a patch of clear water
among the filled booms.
"Drive's just over," my new friend
Informed me. "Rear come down last
night Fcurther July celebration. This
little town win scratch fer th* tall Um
ber along about midnight when the
boys go In to take her apart."*
A half-dozea men with peavles rolled
a -white pine log of about a foot and a
half diameter Into the clear water,
where it lay rocking back and forth
three cr four feet from the boom piles.
Suddenly a man ran the length of the
boom, leaped easily Into the air and
landed with both feet square on one
fad of the floating log. That end dis
appeared In an ankle deep swirl of
■white fcani, the other rose suddenly,
and the whole timber projected forward
by the chock, drove headlong to the
middle of the pond. And the man, his
arms folded, his knees Just bent In the
graceful, nervous attitude of the circus
rider, stood upright like a statue of
bronze.
A roar approved this feat.
"That's Dicky Darren,** said my In
formant, "Roaring Dick. Watch him.**
The man on the log was small, with
clean, beautiful haunches and shoul
ders, but with hanging baboon arms.
Perhaps his most striking feature was
a mop of reddish-brown hair that over
shadowed a little triangular white face,
accented by two reddish-brown quadri
laterals that served as eyebrows, and
a pair of Inscrutable chipmunk eyes.
Fcr a moment he poised erect In the
great calm <Z the public performer.
Then slowly he began to revolve the
log under his feet. The lofty gaze, the
folded arms, the straight supple waist
budged not by a hair's breadth; only
the feet stepped forward, at first de
liberately, then faster and faster, unUl
the rolling log threw a blur of spray a
foot into the air. Then suddenly slap!
ciap! the heavy calks stamped a re
versal. The log came Instantaneously
to rest, quivering exactly like some an
imal that had been spurred through Its
paces.
"Magnificent!" I cried. *
"That's nothing!" my companion
repressed me, "anybody can birl a log.
Watch this."
Roaring Dick for the first time un
folded his arms. With some appear
ence of caution he balanced his un
stable footing Into absolute immobil
ity. Then he turned a somersault.
This was the real thing. My friend
cttered a wild veil of aunlause which
THE RIVERMAN
iras lest in a j^raeral roar.
A long pike pole shot out. bit the
end of the timber and towed it to the
boom pile. Another man stepped on
the log with Darrell. They stood fac
ing each other, bent-kneed, ulerL Sud
denly with one accord they com
menced to birl the loir from left to
right. The pace grew hot. Like squir
rels treading a cage their feet twin
kled. Then it became apparent that
Darrell's opponent was gradually be
ing forced from the top of the log.
He could not keep up. Little by little,
still moving desperately, he dropped
back to the slant, then at last to the
edge and so oil into the river with a
mighty splash. • . .
"Clean birled!" commented my
friend. One after another a half dor
en rlvermen tackled the imperturb
able Dick, but none of them pos
sessed the agility of my on top' in the
pace he set them. One boy of 18
eeemed for a moment to hold his own
and managed at least to keep out of
the water even when Darrell' had ap
parently reached his maximum speed.
But that expert merely threw his en
tire weight into two reversing stamps
of his feet and the young fellow dove
forward as abruptly as though he had
been shied over a horse's head.
The crowd was by now getting up
roarious and impatient of volunteer
effort to humble Darren's challenge.
It wanted the best and at once. It be
gan, with Increasing insistence, to
shout a name.
"Jimmy Powers!" it vociferated.
"Jimmy Powers."
And then by shamefaced bashful
ness, by profane protest, by muttered
and comprehensive curses I knew that
my companion on the other pile was
indicated.
A dozen men near at hand began to
shout. "H«re he is!" they cried, "Come
on, Jimmy," "Don't be a highbanker."
"Hang his hide on the fence."
Jimmy, still red and swearing, suf
fered himself to be pulled from his ele
vation and disappeared in the throng.
A moment later I caught his head and
shoulders pushing toward the boom
piles, and so in a moment he stepped
warily aboard to face his antagonist
This was evidently no question to be
determined by the simplicity of force
or the simplicity of a child's trick.
The two men stood half-crouched, face
to face, watching each other narrowly,
but making no move. To me they
seemed like two wrestlers sparring for
an opening. Slowly the log revolved
way, then slowly the other. It was a
mere courtesy of salute. All at once
Dick birled three rapid strokes from
left to right, as though about to roll
the log, leaped into the air and landed
square with both feet on the other
slant of the timber. Jimmy Powers
felt the Jar and acknowledged it by the
spasmodic j£rk with which he coun
terbalanced Darrell's weight. But he
was not thrown.
As though this daring and hazardous
maneuver had opened the combat, both
men sprang to life. Sometimes the log
rolled one way, sometimes the other,
sometimes it Jerked from side to side
with the rapidity of light, always in
a smother of spray and foam. The de
cided spat, spat, spat of the reversing
blows from the calked boots sounded
like picket 2ring.
The crowd wA appreciative and par
tisan — for Jimmy Powers. It howled
wildly, and rose thereby to even higher
excitement. Then it forgot its man
ners utterly and groaned when it made
out that a sudden splash represented
its favorite, while the indomitable Dar
rell still trod the quarterdeck as cham
pion birler of the year. .
I must confess that I was as sorry
as anybody. I climbed down from my
cormorant roost, and picked my way
between the alleys of aromatic piled
lumber in order to avoid the press, and
cursed the little gods heartily for un
due partiality in the' wrong direction.
In this manner I happened on Jimmy
Powers himself seated dripping on a
board end and N examining his bared
foot. ./.";
"I'm sorry," said I behind him. "How
did he do it?"
He whirled, and I could see that his
laughing, boyish face had become sud
denly grim and stern, and that hh
eyes were shot with blood. * '.
"Oh, It's you. is It?" he growled, dis
paragingly. "Well, that's how he did
It."
He held out his foot. Across the in
step and at the base of the toes ran
two rows of tiny round punctures from
which the blood v?- ooxlng. 1 looked
my Inquiry.
"He corked me!" Jimmy Powers ex
plained. "Jammed his spikes into me!
Stepped on my foot and tripped me.
the " Jimmy Powers certainly could
swear.
"Why didn't you make a kick?" I
cried.
"That ain't how I do it," he mut
tered, pulling on his heavy woolen sock.
"But no," I Insisted my indignation
mounting. "It's an outrage! That
crowd, was with you. 'All you had to
do was to say something "
He cut me short. "And give myself
away as a blanked fool— sure Mike. I
ought to know Dickey Darrell by this
time, and I ought to be big enough to
take care of myself." He stamped his
foot Into his driver's shoe and took me
by the arm, his humor apparently re
stored. "No, don't you lose any hair,
bub; I'll get even with Roaring, Dick."
That night, having, by the advice of
the proprietor, moved my bureau and
trunk against the bedroom door May
wide awake listening to the taking of
the town apart... At each
vicious crash I wondered if that might
be Jimmy Powers getting even with
Roaring Dick.
The following 1 year, but a -little
earlier in the season. ■ I again visited
my lumber town. In striking contrast
to the life of that* other midsummer
day were the deserted streets. The
landlord knew me. and after ' I haa
washed and eaten approached me with
a suggestion.
"You got all day in front of you."
said he. "Why don't you take a honse
and buggy and make a visit to the
big Jam? Everybody's up there, more
or less."
In response to my inquiry he re
plied:
"They're jammed at the upper bend
— Jammed bad. The crew's been pick
ing at her for over a week now, and
last night Darrell was down to ses
about some more dynamite. It's worth
seein'. The breast of her is near
thirty foot high, and lots of water in
the river."
"Darrell?" said I, catching the
name.
"Yea. He's rear boss this year. Do
you think vou'd like to take a look
at her?"
I think I should," I assented
The breast, as my landlord had told
me, ror2 sheer from the water to the
height of at Igast twenty-five feet,
bristling and formidable. Back of it
pressed the volume of logs packed
closely in an apparently inextricable
tangle as far as the eye could reach.
A man who was near informed me
that the tail was a good three miles
up stream.
My eye ranged over the men and
finally rested on Dicky Darrell. He
was standing on the slanting end of
an upheaved log, dominating the
scene. His little, triangular face, with
the accents of the Quadrilateral eye
brows, was Dale with the blaze of his
energy, and his chipmunk eyes seemed
to flame with a dynamite vehemence
that caused those on whom their
glance fell to jump as though they
had been touched with a hot poker.
I had heard more of Dicky Darrell,
since my last visit and was glad of the*
chance to observe MorriEon & Daly's
best "driver" at work.
The Jam seemed on the edsre of
breaking. After half an hour's
strained expectation it seemed still on
the very edge of breaking. So- 1 sat
down on a stump. Then for the first
time I noticed another acquaintance
handling his peavie near the very per
son of the rear boss.
"Hullo!" eaid I to myself, "that's
funnv. I wonder if Jimmy Powers got
even; and, if eo, why he is working so
amicably and so near Roaring Dick."
At noon the men came ashore for
dinner. I paid a quarter into the
cook's private exchequer, and so was
fed. After the meal I approached my
acquaintance of the year before-.
"Hullo, Powers!" I greeted him. "I
suppose you don't remember me?"
"Sure," he responded heartily. "Ain't
you a little early this year?**
"No," I disclaimed, "this Is a better
sight than a blrllng match."
I offered him a cigar, which be im
mediately substituted for his corncob
pipe. We sat at the root of a tree.
"It'll be a grea^Eight when that Jam
pulls," said L
"You bet" he replied; "but she's a
teaser. Even old Tim Shearer would
have a picnic to make out Just where
the key logs are. We've started her
three times, but she's plugged .tight
every trip. Likely to pull almost any
time."
We discussed various topics. , Finally
I ventured:
"I see your old friend Darrell Is rear
boss." '
"Yes," said Jimmy -Powers dryly. -,
"By the way, did you fellows . ever
square up on that blrllng. match?"- '
"No," said Jimmy Powers. Then,
after an instant: "Not yet" ;:
I glanced at him to recognize the
square set to the," Jaw that had Im
pressed me so formidably the year be
fore. And again his face relaxed al
most quizzically as he' caught sight of
mine.
"Bub." said he. getting to his feet
"those little marks are on my. feet yet
And Just you tie on » to one • . Idea—
Dicky Darrell's ' rot it coming." . His
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALU
face darkened with a swift anger, and
I glimpsed the flare of an undying hate.
About 8 o'clock that afternoon Jim
my's prediction was fulfilled. Without
the slightest warning the Jam "pulled."
Usually certain premonitory cracks,
certain sinkings down, groanings for
ward, grumblings, shruggings and sul
len reluctant shlftings of the logs give
opportunity for the men,to assure their
safety.
The Jam itself started with every In
dication of meaning business, gained
momentum for a hundred feet, ■ and
then plugged to a ' standstill. The
"break" was abortive.
: ■ Now we all had leisure to notice two
.things. First, the movement had ;. not
been of the whofe-Jam,but bnly-of a
block or section; of it twenty rods < or
so In extent. Thus between; the part
that- had , moved and , the greateri bulk
that had not stirred lay a hundred feet
of open, water j in which* floated a num
ber of loose logs." .','.-.•
The second fact was that Dicky ; Dar
rell had fallen Into that open Btretch of
water and "was in the act of swimming
toward one of the floating . logs. \ That
much we were given Just time to ap
preciate thoroughly. Then, the other,
section of the ' Jam rumbled and began
to. break. . Roaring. Dick .was caught
between two gigantic millstones, mov
ing , to crush ■ him out of slbht
An .active figure darted down the
tall of the first section, out over .the
floating logs, seized Darrell by the
coat collar, and so burdened began'des
perately to scale the very face of the
breaking Jam.
Never was a more magnificent , res
cue. The logs were rolling, failing,
diving against the laden man. He
climbed as over a treadmill, a- treadmill
whose speed was constantly increasing.
And when he finally gained the top it
was as the gap. dosed, splintering be
neath him and the man he had saved.
It is not in the woodsman to be
demonstrative at . any jLlme, but : here
was work demanding attention.. With
out a pause for breath or congratula
tion they turned to , the necessity ."of
the moment. The Jam,' trie whole Jami
was moving at last Jimmy Powers
ran ashore for the peavie^ - Roaring
Dick, like a -demon Incarnate, threw
himself into the work. Forty men -at
tacked the Jam at a dozen places, en
couraging tne movement, twisting
aside the. timbers that; threatened to
lock anew, directing a pigmy, , like; the
titanic forces into the channel" of their
efficiency. , - •. - '
Roaring like wild cattle the* logs
swept by, at first slowly, then with
the railroad rush of the curbed freshet
Men were ■ everywhere, ■ taking chances
like cowboys before - the stampeded
herd. And so, out of sight around the
lower; bend, swept the front of the
Jam in a whirl of glory, the rlvermen
riding the great brown back of the
creature they subdued, until at last,
with the slackening current the logs
floated by free, caroming with hollow
sound, one against the other. A half
dozen watchers, leaning statuesquely
on the shafts of their peavles. watchea
the , ordered . ranks pass . by.
One by one the spectators departed.
At last only myself and a brown faced
young man remained. He sat on a
stump, staring with sightless eyes Into
vacancy. I did not venture to dis
turb his thoughts.
The sun * dipped. A cool breeze of
evening sucked "up the river. Over
near the cook' camp a big fire com
menced to . crackle by * the drying
frames. At. dusk the rivermen strag
gled in from the down river. tralL
The brown faced young man arose
and went to meet them- I saw him
return In. dose conversation with Jim
my. Powers. Before they reached us
he had turned away with a ffesture of
farewell. : . . • . .
Jimmy > Powers stood looking after
him long ' after his form had disap
peared 'and * Indeed, even after the
sound^ of his wheels had died toward
town. As I approached the riverman
turned to me a face • from which the
reckless - contained self-reliance of the
wood worker had faded. It was wl<S«
eyed, with an almost awa stricken
wonder and adoration.
To you know who that Is?" he asked
me In a hushed voice, "That's Thorpe
— Harry Thorpe. And do you know
what he said to me Just now, me? He
told me he wanted me to work m Camp
One next winter— Thorpe's One. And
he told me I was th# first man he ever
aired straight Into One."
His breath caught with something
like a sob. >
I had heard of the man and of hi*
methods. I knew he had made It a
practice of for his prize
camp only from the employes of his
other camps; that, 'as Jimmy said, he
never "hired straight Into One." 1 bad
heard," too, of his reputation among his
oWn and other woodsmen. But this
was the first time I had ever come Into
personal contact with his Influence. It
impressed me the more In that I had
come to know Jimmy Powers and his
kind.
"You deserve it, every bit," said I.
"I'm not going to call you a hero, be
cause that would make you tired.
What you did thij afternoon showed
nerve. It was a brave act. But it was
a better act because you rescued your
enemy, because you forgot everything
but your common humanity when dan
ger—"
I broke off. Jimmy was again look
ing at me with his ironically quizzical
grin.
' **Cub," said he, "if you're going to
hang any stars of Bethlehem on my
Christmas tree. Just call a halt right
here. I didn't rescue that scalawag be
cause I had any Christian sentiments,
nary bit. I was Just naturally savin*
him for the blrllng match next Fourth
er July."THE I SAN FRANCISCO :SUNDAV CALL.no_textno_textno_textFISH STORIES TRUTHFULLY TOLD
The people top aboTc on eartk
Profess to be content,
While we down here smile know
ingly
And to otxr mirth give vent.
We are the only creatures who
Are really happy, ojalte,
Cnrs la * simple life of Joy,
How see if Tm not rlgkt
We knre no trolley ear* to dodge,
, Wo bare no rents to pay i
There are no sign* "Keep off tke
crass," • —
We neTer k*re <<bin day>
Oar feet are never wet nor cold,
Umbrellas we don't leave*
T?er for the latest foreign styles
!f«r antos do we grieve.
We have no cooks to qnit »• wke»
.We've need of them tke most,
Wo kave no politician* here
To one another roast.
Yon've heard all of my say. good
friend*
And know Jnst what I meant
Wken I made claim that fltkes are
Really tke most osnatcnt.
rnero was a young Bsb nsonc«
spawn . '
XTbo wished that be never, boesi
: born.
For fte f oond k I mself j broke*
Wblek. of eonrse, was no |oke,
\v.& besides ke bad notkins to
* pawn.''.- '■;■. ' ■ -" v ", ' ■-."■■■■
There was a las y fls!h
tWho wouldn't work at aHj
Re bit upon a plan one day
To do no work and yet set payi
It was to get npon ffie foree .
And be a policeman, of eonrse.
The catfiib wai a fanny ask,
If ln« lives, he surely had, ... ;
And; tkoagh ) ke ; died ; fealte^ of ton—
Bis temper was not bad*
Be of ten nsed to snake me cry -
Watal was bnt a lad,
Ar k* ! told : of nls wondrous past* • \
; His deaths tiey were to sad.
Way down below n*» underneath
1« Chinaland, they sax*
And when it's awful dark np here
Down there * 'tis light as d ay. ;
Td like to satisfy myself
And with my own eye i see. *
But I'm afraid to iwlm so ; deep.
It might drown even me.Pages 17 to 24
FORTUNE REJECTED
By German Servant Girl Who Prefers Humble Position
Near to Her Sweetheart to That of a Lady of Riches
CASE HA5 MUCH IN COM/ION WITH "MARY ANN" OF 3 ZANQWILL
BERLIN, Dec 8. — Old Truth goes
right on being stranger than fiction,
no matter whose the fiction may be.
Germany furnishes the newest In
stance, an incident having happened In
this country that Is Just Israel Zang
will's "Merely Mary Ann" over again
In real life, with a denouement, how
ever, such as even that fanciful writer
■would never have dreamed of.
The plot in Zangwill's story and
play Is, of course, familiar. To Mary
Ann, the servant of a London lodging
house, there comes unexpectedly a
legacy of some millions, which the girl
accepts and leaves service to be made
into a model heiress. Well, to Mary
Meyer, who is a servant in a South
German household, there also has
come a legacy of some millions, but
ehe has refused it and elected to re
main a common domestic
The first act of this sensational ro
mance was enacted a quarter or a. cen
tury ago, when a young man of good
family named Norbert Meyer con
tracted a secret marriage with the
pretty governess of his younger
brothers and sisters. He was 25 and
she was IS. He was dependent on his
father for his entire Income and she
had nothing but the clothes in which
the stood at the altar. In these cir
cumstances the young couple who had
married for love alone had a hard
struggle. Norbert's allowance did not
suffice for the maintenance of a wife
and the coPt of an apartment and soon
he was plunged into debt. Things
vent from bad to worse until six
months after his wedding he was com
pelled to disclose the secret to his
father and to apply to the Btern parent
for money wherewith to pay his debts.
GIVES UP ins WIFE.
The father, a man absolutely with
out feeling, took a harsh view of the
case. Starting from the assumption
that the governess was an unscrupul
ous adventuress, who had plotted his
ton's social ruin, he declined to settle
the debts unless his son immediately
abandoned his young wife and prom
ised to have nothing more to do with
her. Young Meyer refused these terms
at first, but necessity drove him to re
open negotiations «ith his father.
In his desperate position young
Norbert Meyer surrendered and in
formed his wife that he must desert
her. In accordance with his father's
instructions he offered to pay her the
sum of J7500 if she would consent to
a divorce.
Wounded in her pride and unwill
ing to force herself on a husband who
was ready to abandon her, Mrs. Meyer
accepted the bargain after a tearful
appeal for loyalty. The sum of $7500
seemed to the ex-governess to be a
solid fortune and it never occurred to
her to utilize the opportunity of secur
ing better terms for herself. In dut
course the divorce proceedings were
initiated on both sides and a legal
reparation was arranged. Mrs. Meyer
had given birth to a daughter, who
received the name of Mary and Is the
heroine of this strange story from the
banks of the Rhine.
Mrs. Meyer, however, felt little or
no motherly love for her daughter.
On the contrary, she conceived a
strong dislike for the unfortunate
baby sfmply because it was the child
of the husband who had humiliated
and deserted her. About a year after
the birth of the baby Mrs. Meyer in
trusted it to the care of a peasant
woman, to .whom she paid the sum of
?5 a month for Its maintenance. Soon
this tax on her slender income be
came irksome to her and she disao-
peared from the neighborhood, leav
ing her little daughter in the care of
the peasant woman, who naturally re
fused to be burdened with the main
tenance of a child which had no
claims on her whatever. After wait
ing a few months for the reappear
ance of the mother the peasant wom
an handed over the little girl to the
nearest public orphange, In which she
was reared and educated.
The life of the little pauper was not
a happy one. She grew up under
strict and harsh discipline, wearing
an ugly uniform as a token of her de
pendence on public charity for her
maintenance. At the earliest possible
age she was obliged to do household
work, sewing, washing and other du
ties. Scarcely had she passed hei
fourteenth birthday when she was
sent out into the world to earn her
own living as a domestic servant.
The next seven years of her life were
one long round of continuous drudgery.
She was kitchen maid, house maid, nur
sery maid and maid of all work in turn
In a succession of modest homes. Her
earnings never exceeded $5 a month and
were often considerably less. She never
had more than two or three hours' rec
reation on one single day In a fortnight.
Her lot was hard and her prospects In
life hopeless. Finally at the age of 2i
she obtained a position as domestic
servant in the house on the banks of
the Rhine in which she is still living.
Her master and mistress are a vener
able old couple who contrive to con
tribute to the happiness of those de
pendent on them. It is not a large
house, but . it . is. situated in its own
grounds of two acres in extent. Be
sides Mary Meyer, there_Js a cook and
a gardener who helps about the house.
There is an atmosphere of perfect
peace and contentment round about the
whole establishment. The old couple,
we will call them Schmidt for they
strongly object to the publicity which
has been indirectly forced on them
through their unique domestic servant,
live harmoniously together and create
harmonious conditions in their vi
cinity.
They regard their servants as t mem
bers of the household in quite a* patri
archal fashion. The latter are treated
with dignity and never have the feel
ing that they lose their self-respect.
Mary Meyer, who has now been em
ployed in this exceptional household for
seven years, earns a monthly wage of
$5. t \ Her work is light, but Includes
sweeping and scrubbing floors. For the
last two years she has been engaged to
be married to the young gardener, who
is only slightly older than herself. As
a domestic servant she could hardly
wish for anything better, but it was
certainly to be expected that she, like
any other mortal, would jump at the
chance of being transformed from a
dependent wage earner Into a full
blown "millionairess." \,
During the quarter of a century
which has elapsed since Mary Meyer
was cruelly abandoned by her parenfs
great changes took place In their
lives. Her father contracted another
marriage; according to the wishes of
his parents, and became , a wealthy
man. His marriage was childless, and
turned out to ■ be unhappy in other
ways, and as years went on he becamr
conscious of a desire to ascertain what
had become . of r the . daughter born tc
him before his divorce.
He instituted a search, but it was
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1904:
unsuccessful. When he ■ died a year
or two ago he made his daughter
Mary his sole heiress, subject to the
payment of an annual allowance to
his first wife, if she could be found.
His second wife had died before him.
After his death his lawyers were
faced by the difficult task of ascer-
ERMAN SERVANT GIRL WHO RE
FUSED A FORTUNE. AND HEI
MASTER AND MISTRESS.
talning the whereabouts of his di
vorced wife and deserted daughter.
Meanwhile Mrs. Meyer-', had also
contracted a second marriage with a
man, who gave her wealth and posi
tion. As years went on she, too, was
troubled by her conscience regarding
the fate of her daughter, 1 but she
feared- to start -investigations, for; she
felt that, she could never, confess to
her husband how she had callously
neglected her maternal duties. In
course of time, however, her husband
died, leaving her a - comfortable ; for
tune and some solid house: arid land
property. She, too, had been, child
less in her ...second marriage, arid
when she was left' alone in the world
she felt a ponging to be united to her
deserted daughter.
SEARCH BEARS FRUIT.
While she; was engaged in search-
Ing forher lost daughter her first hus
band's lawyers succeeded in\ tracing
her, and from . that. time, she co
operated with them in hunting for
the srlrl who had "become, a double
heiress. Step by step they, traced her
course in life, from the cottage of
the ; peasant woman, long dead and
almost forgotten, to the orphanage
and through successive phases of her
career as a domestic drudee to the
home on the banks of the Rhine,
where she had found happiness.
On a fine summer morning a few
weeks ago the mother and the law
years appeared at the Schmidts'
house. and announced to the > aston
ished lady and gentleman that their
servant, Mary Meyer, was the heiress
to two considerable fortunes. After
the romantic story had been made
clear to them Mary Meyer was sum
moned and informed that her long
lost mother was there in person. The
meeting was not marked by any great
cordiality. Mary was shy in the
presence of the grand lady, and her
mother, on her side, was roughly dis
illusioned. It had been interesting
enough to conduct the complicated
search for the lost,daughter, and the
romance of the whole thing had ap
pealed to , her strongly; but it was
an unpleasant shock to see the daugh
ter wearing the attire and possessing
the inferior manners of a mere
menial. Her . enthusiasm was killed
in, a moment arid she left the lawyers
to explain the situation to the. girl.
.Mary,-: Meyer now learned that ,-her
father had left his entire fortune to
her, amounting to over a million marks.
Her- mother was, willing to make her
heiress to' her, own large fortune if
Mary I would come ;' and live .with her
as her daughter. The prospect did not
appear In . the least alluring - to the
simple-minded domestic, servant." Alone
among her sex, she experienced no de-
Bire to ; be able to buy fine dresses and
drive out in a, gorgeous carriage with
liveried coachman and footman to mark
her grandeur. She perceived ,at once
that if she became rich and went to live
with her mother she would certainly
be prevented from marrying her sweet-'
heart, the John. Within
twenty-four hours she . had , resolved
to reject the wealth and to refuse her
mother's offer. * -* i 1
The lawyers came - and Impressed
upon her the appalling folly of, her de
cision to reject wealth and prosperity.
Her. master and mistress emphasized
the gravity of . her choice, which she
would almost certainly regret in. years
to come. If her mother had exhibited
real feeling and aj*eal desire to reclaim
her daughter; Mary Meyer would pxob
ably have been persuaded, but her
mother remained aloof and did not at
tempt to influence her.
So the wonder came about that the
domestic servant, Mary Meyer, signed
a document rejecting th> legacy of her
father's wealth and another document
testifying that she had no desire to
live with her mother or to became her
mother's heiress. Mary Meyer, who
could be a millionairess, remains a do
mestic servant with a monthly ■ wage
of five dollars. In a few weeks "she will
become the bride of John, the gar
dener, whose . earnings" amount to five
dollars :a,,week. s She will inhabit a
cottage of four sjhall rooms and will
have, only- the remotest chance of; ever
experienced ; anything more cheerful
than; abject poverty. . :
Memorial to John Harvard.
LONDON/ Dec. * 3.— Embassador
Joseph Choate visited the site of the
future cathedral in. South" London in
company with the Bishop of South
wark the other day. There is soirit
talk: of one -'- : of ;\ the • chapels , being
erected by members of Harvard Uni
versity in: the memory^ of, John Har
vard, who was /• baptized at ; ; South
wark.' and Embassador ; Choate - has
offered; to donate a window,; which is
being * designed : by John Lafarffe, the
American, artist.'
Pages 17 to 24
BRITISH TURN
TO AMERICA
FOR RECIPES
Yankee Dainties Now
Popular Across the
Water.
LONDON, Dec. 3.— Still westward the
course of empire takes its way. France
has long exercised supreme gastronomic
sway over the fashionable British stom
ach, but now America threatens to suc
cessfully dispute her rule. A significant
sign of the impending change is seen
in the number' of American recipes —
with American names attached to
them, too— which , figure in up-to-date
menus at smart dinners and luncheons.
They are more particularly noticeable
in the matter of salads, desserts and
what, one might- term the frills of the
table as distinguished from the coarser
viands which suffice to satisfy the mere
cravings of hunger. It Is on such things
that" the • true culinary artist - depends
for his best effects, which leave behind
them a haunting memory of gastro
nomic Joys. It'ls to the Waldorf-Asto
ria In New York that the -best London
chefs now look most keenly for ap
petizing novelties!
As regards candy, the highest reputa
tion in London has for some years been
held by an American house. It. is there
the young roan takes his best girl when
he wants to convince her that his devo
tion rises superior to all considerations
of economy. ' (
INTO SOCIETY
IN A SEDAN
ORIGINAL MAIDEN
SOON TO WED.
LONDON, Dec. 3.— Society folk here,
particularly the Americans, are look
in? forward to the debut as a hostess
of Miss Queenle Causton, whose en
gagement has Just been announced, for
they expect her to introduce many
charming innovations into the business
of entertaining. This witty and beau
tiful girl, who is the daughter of
George Causton, and who will become
the bride of Captain Oakes of the Fifth
Royal Irish Lancers, has greatly im
pressed the fashionable world by her
originality.
Her coming out ball, two years ago.
was one of the really notable events
of its season. . It occurred at her
father's handsome town residence in
aristocratic Upper Brooke street, and
was marked by a charming novelty of
Miss Causton's own devising. When
the guests had all assembled she was
brought into the ballroom In a quaint
old sedan chair of the kind much af
fected by our fashionable grandmoth
ers. It was decorated Inside and out
with superb white roses, and the arms
of the supports were festooned with
rings of the same beautiful flowers.
Stepping forth from this antique con
veyance, the white-robed debutante
made her bow to society and distribu
ted the roses as mementos of the oc
casion. In one of the cotillon figures
th? girls wore the rose garlands as
bracelets on their arms. Ever since
this picturesque debut Miss Causton
has been one of the reigning favorites
in society. At this ball, by the way.
some of the cotillon presents consisted
of dainty workbags made from costly
brocade which, rumoor had it, had
been looted from the Royal Palace at
Peking.
. Mr. Causton cuts a considerable fig
ure both in the commercial and social
world. He . was at one time chairman
of the Chartered Company, which is
Just -now In such deep water, but sev
ered his connection with it because he
would not stand for the Jameson raid.
He Is now the controlling spirit in the
Peking Syndicate, which has valuable
Chinese concessions.18
ECHOES FROM THE LODGE ROOMS
On the night of the last Monday in
November there was a meeting of the
German lodges of the I. O. O. F. in
this city and the one in Oakland in
the hall of Hermann Lodge, held un
der the direction of Dr. Joseph Ar
denyi. Max Borck and S. Cohn of the
host lodge. The object of the meet
ing was to bring the membership of
Hermann. Germania, Concordla and
Vorwarts lodges together so that the
members might become better ac
quainted and the special feature was
the presentation of engrossed resolu
tions of appreciation of services ren
dered to Hermann Lodge by Charles
H. Gottschalk, organist, who for twen
ty-five years has given his services
gratuitiously to the lodge, and to
Jacob Altmann, who has been treas
urer of the lodge for twenty-eight
years. The lodges were called to or
der by Deputy Grand Master Lorent
icn. after which Dr. Ardenyi, the
chairman of the committee of ar
rangements, took charge and there
was a pleasing programme of music,
song?, glees and addresses. Among
the many numbers was an original
poem by Max Borck. There were ad
dresses of congratulation and reponses
to the presentations.
A new encampment is being organ
ized at Arcata, Humboldt County.
There will be a district meeting in
the hall of Unity Lodge in. this city
December 13.
Templar Lodge was visited by the
grand master last week and at the
close of business there was a pro
gramme of entertainment for the
members and visitors, contributed by
the Knickerbocker Quartet. Henry W.
Osthoff, M. Kline and others. There
•was an address by Grand Master Lin
ecott, who spoke in a very interesting
manner, commending the principles of
tte order, and then he gave a graphic
account of his recent official visits to
the lodges in Lassen. Plumas, Modoc,
Sitkiyou and Shasta counties. The
meeting was also addressed by Grand
Secretary Hhaw, Judge Troutt, Dis
trict Deputy Grand Master Ludlow,
Past Grand Platshek of Bay Ciry, J.
W. Cook of Magnolia, F. L. Turpin of
Paciiic and Past Grand Stevtsison of
Ttmplar. the latter a veteran Odd
Fellow of fifty years.
The attendance in Excelsior Hall on
the occasion of the •"Tramp Minstrel
Show" given by members of Mission
Rebekah Lodge was the largest that
ever was packed in that hall. Nearly a
hundred persons were unable to gain
admis^i'jn, anc 1 many contented them
polves by standing in the ante-rooms,
v here they could hear but were unable
to Bee. So pleased were those who at
tended that all have demanded that the
ehow ,!>e repeated in a larger hall. It is
probable that the request will be com
plied with. All the numbers were well
rendered and encored. The audience
v as ke:>t in a roar of laughter the en
tire evening. The ••Exhibition Day at
School" gave each of the "tramps" an
opportunity to recite a verse, which
was a hit at some member of the lodge.
The costumes worn by the minstrels
were decidedly original and very ef
fective. The following was the pro
gramme: Bwnes, F. J. Hurst; interloc
utor, E. Pollack; tamborine. F. D.
Worth; Mrs. S. A. Pracy, musical di
rector; "Old Cabin Home," hidden
chorus; instrumental opening, orches
tra; medley chorus, "Bill Bailey" and
"Swellest Gal, I've a Feeling for You'";
recitation, little Clara Trowbridge;
"Swanee River." with chorus accompa
niment; mandolin selections, by little
Helen Tucker; 'Ma Curly Headed Bab
by," song. F. D. Worth; "Tale of the
Bumble Bee." by four chocolate drops —
Mrs. Hildreth, Mrs. Robinson and
Misses Arrison and Verdolyack; song,
"Romona," H. Trowbridge; •"Good-by,
Little Girl." Miss Violet Verdolyack;
traropeis" song, "Tinkers' Chorus," by
Messis. Worth, Hurst. Trowbridge, Hil
dreth and Pollack; song. "Trouble," F.
J. Hurst: "Exhibition Day at School,"
by the company; megaphone whistling,
quartet; finale "My Own United States."
Between numbers there were a profu
eion of jokes and short stories. Last
week the lodge had a hayseed indoor
picnic for members of the order only.
Each member of the lodge was attired
in farm clothes. There was a series of
games, £-aces. picnic lunch, gate prizes
and a dancing content. Next Saturday
there will be a display of moving pic
tures and stereopticon views for mem
bers of the order only in the lodgeroom.
On the night of the last Friday in
November Apollo subordinate lodge en
tertained the membership of Loyal Re
bekah Lodge in the Memorial Hall of
th" Odd Follows' building. There was
a larce attendance of visitors, who were
welcomed by Noble Grand A. Behrend
of the host lodge, after which the
noble grand and the vice grand
of the visiting lodge were each pre
sented a bunch of beautiful flowers.
This was followed by a programme of
entertainment, which included instru
mental selections by II. W. Patrick, re
marks on fraternal visitations by Past
Grand Master Burton, cornet solo by
W. J. Henderson, comic etories by J.
S. Swan, fancy dancing by Miss Sophie
Gilbert and a presentation to C. E.
Perry. After the programme there was
dancing and the serving of lemonade
and ice cream and cakes. The affair
was conducted under the direction of
Noble Grand Behrns, Vice Grand C. M.
Irwln, W. C. Johnson, G. C. Terrill, T.
F. Monroe, R. H. Dement and M. A.
Mitchell.
Grand Master Linscott will pay a
visit December 5 to California No. 1,
the mother lodge. Great preparations
ere l>eing made for the event. The visit
tvW be follimed by a banquet.
The members of the several lodges of
the Independent Order of Odd Fellows
of Alameda County by Invitation as
sembled In the hall. of Vorwarts Lodge
In Gier'B Hall. Oakland, on the last
Friday in November -for the purpose
of witnessing the conferring of the sec
ond degree on candidates for the host
lodge by a picked team of Poter Lodge.
There were also present a number of
members of the order from San Fran
cisco and, taken as a whole, the meet-
Ing was a very enthusiastic one. The
degree was conferred In very creditable
manner under the direction of Drill
Master James Rye, which, under good
for, the order, was highly commended.
At the close of the meeting there was
the serving of a collation and light
refreshments with that hospitality for
which the German people are so well
known. Then followed an entertaining
programme. The Vorwarts Glee Club
sang several songs, E. Koenig rendered
in an admirable manner "When Love
Is Blind," and there were addresses
for the good of the order by Messrs.
Lorentzen, Woods, Reiser, Fisch and
Plant.
A Past Grands* Association has been
formed in Oakland with Past Grand
Woods of- Porter Lodge as chairman.
The first regular meeting will be held
December 4 in Odd Fellows' Hall, cor
ner of Franklin and Eleventh streets.
The lodges of the county have been
urged to have their past grands join
the new organization.
Ancient Order of Foresters.
Native Sons* Hall was crowded on the
ni£ht of the second Friday in Novem
ber to enjoy the entertainment provid
ed by Court Apollo of the Ancient Or
der of Foresters. There was on the
programme the following numbers that
were well received: Overture, Harry
Todd's orchestra; address cf welcome,
George J. Berger, P. C. R. ; song, H.
Bowes; song and dance. Miss Martha
Bowes; instrumental selections by the
North End orchestra under the direc
tion of George Murphy; song. Miss
Hazel Killain; recitation, Mrs. L.
Pritchard; vocal selection, Louise Lut
zen; sorirano solo, Mrs. T. T. Richard-
Ion; vocal selections, Golden City
Quartet— R. Hunt, G. Cheney, B.
Hawes, A. Anderson; 'Cupid in Shirt
Sleeves," a fr.rce in one act./-vAfter the
programme there was dancing for two
hours. The affair was under the direc
tion of George J. Berger, Dr. William
E. Darn 1, John Mlllward, F. D.
O'Leary. F. E. Trimble, G. W. Camp
bell, with W. A. Nichols as floor man
ager and H. F. Gallagher and Dr. Dar
neal as assistants.
Court Medford, Oregon, Ancient Or
der of Foresters, reports that at a re
cent meeting it initiated thirty candi
dates, secured mainly through the ef
forts of Deputy U. A. Field.
Court Grant, East Oakland, had a
T>leasant meeting last week, when a
plan for a class initiation was adopted.
The campaign is to be conducted by
Deputy Field. The meeting was ad
dressed at length by Permanent Secre
tary Falconer.
Court Wyersdale had many members
and guests at a smoker given last week
in the A. O. F. building.
The new board of relief of this city
has adopted a set of laws, which have
been forwarded to the executive coun
cil.
Juvenile Court Star of the West No.
1 gave an entertainment and social in
the A. O. F. building last week under
the supervision of the following named
members of the court, who displayed
remarkable ability in the carrying out
of a social function: . J., Falconer Jr^
F. Masterman, F. Johnson, A. Martini,
L. Kittler, G. Wagner and R6y Mosher.
The programme was made" up of instru
mental, vocal and literary numbers,
also an address by Permanent Secre
tary Falconer. The contributions were
by the A. O. F. juvenile band, Miss
Tryhina Pritchard. Miss May Falconer,
S. G. S.; Charles Kramer, W. Schaffer,
C. V. Hambley, Mrs. Lizzie Pritchard.
Clara and Annie Swanson and Willie
and Ruth Falconer. After the pro
gramme there was dancing for an hour.
The executive board of the Compan
ions paid a visit recently to Athens Cir
cle, in- Oakland, and was accompanied
by Mrs. M. J. Valente, P. S. G. C. C,
the permanent secretary of the A. O. F.
and the supreme grand secretary of the
Companions. The board also paid an
official visit to Twin Peaks Circle. A
pleasant and profitable evening was
spent.
On the first Saturday in Decembera
meeting was held in the A. O. F.
building 'to organize the first club of
juvenile girl Companions.
Order of St. George.
Pickwick Lodge, Sons of St. George,
gave an anniversary concert and dance
in the Red Men's building recently
which .was well attended and was a
very pleasant affair. The following
was the programme: Overture, Or
pheus Orchestra; introductory re
marks, F. D. Brandon; song, A. R.
Prior; song. Miss G. Brown; coon song,
J. Johnson; song, A. E. Sykes; violin
solos, Gustav Rowan; specialties,
Charles Singleton; song. Miss E. Jack-
Eon; vocal comedian/Al Bentley. This
was followed by the presentation of a
flag to the Pickwick football team by
J. H. Coates on behalf of Thomas W.
Butcher. The dancing was under the
floor managership of- William Wood,
assisted by George Morley." >
There were more than 200 ladies
and gentlemen at the old-style English
tea party, given by Empress Victoria
Lodge of the Daughters of St. Georg^
in the Red Men's building last week.
There was dancing in the meeting hall
and the tea was served in the banquet
hall. This lodge has been presented
a magnificent portrait of the late Queen
Victoria by Mrs. M. McClure, a member
of the lodge. It now adorns one of the
walls of the lodgeroom.
Fraternal Brotherhood.
The first entertainment and dance
given by the Fraternal Brotherhood
band in Eagles' Hall on the night of
November 10 was attended by nearly
400 persons, who were treated to a
very pleasing programme of vaude
ville numbers, literary efforts and in
strumental selections by the band.
There was .a recitation by ; the Rev.
Mr. Bird, a solo by Master Allen, the
mascot of the band; sketch by Messrs.
Brown and Bern, monologue by Sam
uel Barclay and a *one-act comedy,
"Lost, to Win." There were many
numbers on the dance programme,
which kept those fond of dancing in
the hall until midnight. Charles Shi
rey, assisted by all the . members of
band, directed the affair and attended
to the comfort of the many who at
tended.
" Mission Lodge had a masquerade
ball in Mission Parlor Hall . a
few nights since under the di
rection of a /committee of which -Mr.
Chapelle.is the chairman. ..The lodge
expects to have a Christmas tree par
ty in the latter ' part of December r for
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIJ,>. SUNDAY, DECEMBER 4; 1904.
the entertainment of the children of
the members and their friends.
Some time since a member of one
of the lodges was expelled for having
preferred charges against the presi
dent of the lodge and failure to sub
stantiate them. It was decided that
the charges were malicious, hence the
expulsion. After expulsion he took
an appeal and sought to force his way
into the lodgeroom. For this he was
ejected. ts£- appealed to the supreme
president, holding that h*e was entitled
to all rights and privileges of the
lodgeroom pending the- appeal. The
supreme president has sustained the
lodge on the ground that ' it acted
within the constitution when it denied
him admission to the lodgeroom.
An effort is being made In Aurora
Lodge to win a prize of 525 offered to
the first two members who will marry
before January 15, 1905.
Progress Lodge is making arrange
ments for a theater party in the near
future.' 'I--
San Francisco Lodge now has a
membership of 349.
Hundreds of people attended the
curiosity shop opened last week in the
Red Men's Hall by Progress Lodge of
the Fraternal Brotherhood. In one hall
there was a display of curios and
some pretty articles of fancy ware suit
able for holiday gifts. These were
disposed of in various ways, and quite
a sum was realized for the social fund.
At the same time there was dancing in
an adjoining hall. When the people in
that hall tired of dancing they Went in
the adjoining hall to look at the curios,
\and when the sight-seers tired of the
curiosity shop they returned to the
dance hall. Dr. Hubbell,~ president of
the lodge, was the chief "spieler" of the
Redmanship.
Last week Great Senior Sagamore
Cunning of Hollister paid an official
visit to Calumet Tribe, where he was
accompanied by Great Sachem Davis.
There were many members present,
also a delegation of visitors, who dur
ing the evening were treated to a'most
eloquent address on Redmanship and
the duty of the members* to extend the
first American fraternal benevo
lent association in, the United States.
He was followed by Great Sachem
Davis, who told of the condition of the
order in this reservation at this time,
a/id then the meeting was addressed by
Past Prophet of the tribe, Dr. Charles
M. Troppmann, who proved that he can
make a humorous as well as an elo
quent address. At the close' of his
"josh" remarks he paid a pretty com
pliment to the great senior sagamore,
and in a neat speech presented him a
handsome Ivory carving on' behalf of
the tribe in recognition of the fact that
he was the first great chief who has
has ever visited the tribe. He was fol
lowed by Daniel Teare, the prophet of
the tribe, who spoke most interestingly
on the work of the fraternalists. The
last speaker was Ernest C. Stock of
Altahmos Tribe, who spoke on the
value of official visitations. The fol
lowing^ night the great senior sagamore
visited" White Eagle Tribe, and there
he was well receivect
The degree t:am of Pocahontas'Coun
cil of the D. O. P., under the leadership
of Pocahontas MrC Lizzie Kemnlster,
visited Alccnata Council '. in San Mateo
last week and conferred" the degree on
a large class of candidates for the sit
ting council/
Alfarata Council, D. of P., gave a
Japanese tea party in the Laurel Hall
of the Shiels building last week.' Each
person who attended was given a
pretty cup and saucer as a souvenir
of the occasion. The committee in
charge, of ; which Great Prophetess
Minnie Betts. was the chairman, was
complimented~for the success of ( the
affair. _
Great . Pocahontas Mrs. "Annie , M.
Bliss paid a visit" officially. last, Week to
Seneca Council of L the D. of P.. and
spent a very, pleasant . evening _ with
the chiefs and members. "After/watch
ing, the manner/in which! the, work of
MEMBERS OP FRATERNAL ORGANIZATIONS OF SAN FRANCISCO WHO ARE |
RENDERING EXCELLENT SERVICE IN THE MATTER OF THE ADVANCE
MENT OF THE INTERESTS OF TH EIR RESPECTIVE LODGES.
the order was carried, on. the visit
ing official spoke at length for the
good of the degree, and at the con
clusion of her address the council
presented her. as a reminder of the
evening, a fine crystal lemonade set.
She was followed in the line of
speechmaking by Great Prophetess
Minnie Betts, Great Treasurer Janes,
Great Minnehaha Wheeler and Dis
trict Deputy Nettie Libbing. Each of
these was presented flowers. Then
there was the serving of icecream
and cakes by a committee, consisting
of Mesdames Mackel, Meredith, She
bel. Kimer, Garigues and Holton.
Altahmos Tribe of the Improved
Order of Red Men at its meeting on
the third sleep of the beaver moon
elected Frank Hardr, the collector of
wampum, sachem of the tribe, to fill
an unexpired term. After the quench
ing of tho council brand there was an
adjournment to the dining hall of the
Red Men's building, where there was
an evening for members. The new
sachem presided, and in addition to a
programme of music, songs, story
telling and a short talk by J. Harry
Hutaff, great representative to the
Great Council of the United States,
there was a feast of corn and venison.
Those who entertained were: Past
Sachem Harry Hawkins, Altahmos
Glee Club; J. Harry Hutaff, C. F.. Ad
ams, Ernest C. Stock, J. H. Fitzger
ald, B. Jacobus, M. Roche and W.
J. Blaisdell of the Haymakers. The
committee tljat had charge of the
affair was A. C. Nathan, Phil Brunner
and Frank Hardy.
_» —
Order of Pendo.
There was a stereoptlcon, exhibi
tion in the hall of. Home Council of the
Order of Pendo, in the Odd Fellows'
building, under the auspices of the Su
preme Council, on the night of Novem
ber 30. There were illustrated songs,
beautiful pictures and dissolving views.
Arlike exhibit was given last week
before Observatory Council, in . San
Jose, and the' illustrations were ex
plained in an interesting manner by Dr.
Howard. During the evening the meet
ing was addressed by Supreme Coun
cillor: Tugwell. The following night the
exhibit ; was presented to the member
ship of Palo Alto Council In the town
of that name.
• Alameda Council will have a progres
sive whist party in Eureka Hall, Ala
meda, December 8.
Golden Gate Council had a pleasant
party in Findlay's Hall, on Seventeenth
street, last week and during the even
ing' there were exhibited a : number of
stereopticon views.'
Stege Council, at Stege. had an inter
esting evening's 'entertalnrnent in_ 'its
■hall last week. There was a good > at
tendance.
Mis3 Lillian E. Tugwell, one of ; the
popular clerks in the supreme head
quarters in'this city, has gone to/Seat
tle on vacation for one month. v
■. : '- ::■ ■"■ " •>- :■:•■•-(•. ■
., ' -Native Daughters.
Grand ■. President ; Mrs. ! Caminetti . and
Grand ■ Secretary r Miss • Frakes will, v on
December^S,' pay an ' official, visit .to
Ursula Parlor at Jackson^ on^ the" 23d
they will visit Amapola Parlor at Sut
ter Creek. Subsequently they will visit
Conrad Parlor at Volcano, Chispa Par
lor at lone and Forrest Parlor at
Plymouth.
Last week La Vespero Parlor had a
party in South San Francisco which
was a delightful affair.
Keith Parlor had a social tea on the
evening of the last meeting in Novem
ber, on which occasion Miss Minnie
Abrams read- a paper on the origin of
Thanksgiving day, Mrs^ Fanny Smith
favored with vocal selections, Maude
Langton read a poem, Mrs. C. Brown
read President Roosevelt's Thanksgiv
ing proclamation and the members of
the parlor sang "My Native Land."
Camellia Parlor celebrated Thanks
giving and Children's day at the same
meeting by giving a party to about
sixty little ones. This, one of the best
parlors in the order, made this double
event a great success.
The Board of Relief of the Native
Daughters of the Golden West has ar
ranged for a benefit to be given at the
Majestic Theater on the evening of
December 6 in aid of the institution
known as the Native Daughters'
Home. Tickets for this event may be
obtained from any of the members of
the board or at the home. The board
hopes that the affair will be produc
tive of a goodly sum for the use of the
institution.
Independent Foresters.
-r
The Board of San Francisco Depu
ties of the Independent Order of For
esters at its meeting last week had a
special committee named to visit the
courts of this city during the month
of December and explain the cam
paign of extension which has been in
augurated.
The circular of High Chief- Ranger
G: Q. Stewart to the courts is a strong
document and calls upon the "mem
bership to increase the roll in
the northern jurisdiction by 1000 dur
ing the present Forestic year. S
The high chief ranger visited Fruit
vale last weekun the interest of a new
subordinate that is being organized
there. *
Court Seal Rock at its meeting on
December 3 will be the first court
visited by the campaign committee of
the board of deputies.
'■"* Court Noe Valley had a pleasant
party in Duveneck Hall last week.
There was a good programme ■; of
dances and first-class music' There
were more than 200 persons present
and during • the evening . the . assem
blage was addressed in an entertain
ing manner by High Chief Rager G.
Q. Stewart.
Court Chico and Companion' Court
Gold Leaf had an 'interesting meeting
in Chico last week, on^which' occasion
High Chief i Ranger -Stewart, who was
present by .invitation/delivered a very
pleasing and enthusiastic' address..
• Court Acacia, the home court of
High Secretary. O. K. Brown, enter
tained its membership and friends In
Sutter Hull, Pioneer last
week with a select musical and literary
programme. :. Every, number .was ! first
class jand' each performer 'was loudly
IT
applauded and forced to give an en^
core. After the programme the hos
pitality of the court was made mani
fest in the serving of a collation and
light refreshments.
The Eastern Star.
The first installation of the season
in the Order of the Eastern Star was
that of the officers of California Chap
ter last Thursday night in Upper
Golden Gate Hall. The hall, which
was crowded to its utmost limit, was
prettily decorated with flowers and
palms and each station was bedecked
with rare orchids. This added much
to the beautiful paraphernalia which
this chapter uses in its work. The of
ficers who were installed were all ele
gantly gowned. The worthy matron
wore an elegant messelinette gown
ornamented with Battenberg lace and
spangles. , The installing officer was
Mrs. Isabella Woodside, the retiring
matron, who was assisted by Past Pa
tron P. F. Ferguson. The officers who
will serve during the current year are:
Cecelia Harmon Cordes, worthy ma
tron; Louis A. Steiger, worthy patron;
Emma Grace Busswell, associate ma
tron; Emily Wood Ferguson, conduc
tress; Winefred Turpin, associate con
ductress; Isadora . Horton, secretary;
Cora Scott, treasurer; Anna G. Wilson,
warder; Lulu Haste, Adah; Maude
McWllliams, Ruth; Lillian Bronson,
Esther; Minnie Sullivan. Martha;
Georgia Elma Caley, Electa; Dr. D.
E. McLean, chaplain; Kathryn Nuck
olls, marshal. The music incidental
to the beautiful ceremony was by the
Cecilia quartet, Millie Flynn leader.
The ceremony was in that impressive
manner for which this chapter has
been noted' since, its -institution.
Charles Boxton, the retiring patron,
on behalf of the chapter presented
Mrs. Woodside, the retiring matron, a
magnificent diamond-set star emble
matic of her rank in the order, after
which she was presented by Past Pa
tron Ferguson on behalf of the of
ficers of the past term a very pretty
statuette. Retiring Patron Dr. Box
ton was presented by Chief Wittman,
on behalf of the chapter, a silver after
dinner black coffee set. Then there
were remarks by Worthy Grand Ma
tron Paulina W. Dohrman, Associate
Grand Patron L. B. Levitt and Grand
Secretary Mrs. Kate J. Willats, after
which there was an adjournment to
the lower hall, where there was danc
ing. The new matron and patron are
young members of the chapter and
the prospects are that the current
chapter year will .be a prosperous one.
San Francisco Chapter of the Order
of the Eastern Star will install its of
ficers in public in Elks' Hall on the
night of November '5. The chapter
decided that Mrs. Martha E. Mackrett,
the retiring matron, shall install the
new officers.
Ivy Chapter at its last meeting in
November initiated eleven strangers
and balloted on a number of applica
tions.
Beulah Chapter will install its of
ficers at the .first meeting in Decem
ber. At the last meeting in November 1
there was a pleasant social for the
members at the close of the routine
business. This chapter closes its term
with the largest membership it ever
has had and. the greatest amount In
its treasury.
Foresters of America.
Club Sutro Heights, composed of the
members of Court Sutro Heights of
the Foresters of America, has ar
ranged for a t grand ball to be given
In Scottish Hall on the night of De
cember 10. .
Golden- Era Circle has made ar
rangements for a party to be given
in the Alcazar building on the even
ing of January 25.:
Court Golden Era entertained the
members of. Court Huburtus last week
and after the meeting there was an ad
journment, to -a nearby cafe, where a
light supper,' was partaken of. The
speak 9 3 of the evening were Dr.
Wamser, Chief Ranker Barrath of
Court Bay City and Messrs. Canaris,
Lampe, Fischer, Sievert, Zimmerman!
Kessel and Reimers.
Grand Recording: Secretary Tropp
mann officially visited Court Schiller at
Stockton on December 2 and will vilit
Court Mokelumne at Lodl on Decem
ber 5.-
Court Alisal of Pleasanton was of
ficially visited last week by Grand
Junior Woodward Daniel Teare, who
was accompanied by Grand Trustee
Donahue. After the official work was
at an end there was a banquet in
honor of the visiting grand officers.
. On the evening of December I the
members of Court Sherwood of Santa
Clara were the guests at a banquet
tendered them by Court San Jose.
Court Golden Gate will have a
house warming In the Pioneer build
ing on December 13.
The following courts have arranged
for Christmas tree parties: Court
Acme,, December 21; Court Presidio,
December 22, and Court Justice, De
cember 22. N
On December 21 George Washing
ton Alexander. Mark Meyer and Sol
Baster will visit Junior Court Pride of
the West; on December 28 they will
visit Junior Court Pride of California
and they will visit Junior Court Young
America some time in January.
Court Fidelity will give its first an
niversary banquet on the night of De
cember 28.
Court Yerba Buena will initiate a
class of twenty in its hall on the night
of December 8.
Court Stanford has arranged for an
entertainment and dance in the Al
cazar building on the night of De
cember 20.
The entertainment and dance that
was given by Court Seal Rock No. 45
of the Foresters of America on the
last Friday In November In celebra
tion of removal from Pythian Castle
to Pioneer building was attended by
a large number, the members, their
families and members of Inter Nos
Circle of the Companions of the For
est .of America. There was a lengthy
programme o«. entertainment pre
sented under the supervision of an ef
ficient committee, of which F. Bieden
bach was the chairman. The pro
gramme included the following num
bers: Orchestral overture; buck and
wing dancing, D. J. Mlsslck; piano
sclo. "La Traviata," Paul Godeska;
dramatic recitations. Messrs. Burrows
and Owens; French dance. Miss Lil
lian Trizise; finger dancing, D.
Belasco; vocal selections, Ml3s Jennie
Harrington; "The Celebrated Case," an
original skit, James Maloy;' Imita
tions of well-known people, Robert
Basslnl, recitation, Miss M. C. Mc-
Kenna; ballads. Miss Palmyra Worms,
Rebekah Kemp Van Ee accompanist;
sentimental . songs. Miss Adallne
Barash, and Instrumental selec
tions by Professor Graber's Mandolin,
Banjo and Guitar Club. The dancing
was under the direction of H. J. Willis
as floor manager, with Ed Candage as
assistant- During the evening ice
cream, cakes and lemonade were served
with lavish hospitality.
A new circle of the Companions of
the Forest of America was Instituted
In Redwood City last evening. It has
been christened Madrone.
Inter Nos Circle, Companions of the
Forest of America, has appointed a
committee to make arrangements for
an old-time Christmas party to be given
in the social hall of the Alcazar build-
Order Scottish Clans.
The officers of Lovat Lodge, auxiliary
to Clan Fraser. Order of Scottish Clans,
were recently Installed In public in Mis
sion Hall, on Seventeenth street, in flie
presence of a large number of people by
Chief T. Munro, assisted by Past Chief
Rae. After the ceremony Past Chief
King on behalf of the lodge presented
a beautiful gold pin adorned with the
emblems of the order to Mrs. A. M.
Macpherson, the retiring president, in
appreciation of the able maryier in
which she conducted the affairs of that
subordinate during her term. Dancing
and refreshments followed under the di
rection of the committee of arrange
ments, consisting of Mesdames : Rae.
Macpherson, King. McFarland and
Weising. The new officers are: Mrs. A.
Brown, president: Mrs. W. Rae. vice
president; Mrs. F. A. Gllson. recording
secretary; Miss H. Marshall, financial
secretary; Mrs. Maxwell L. Crowe,
treasurer; Mrs. George McDonald, con
ductress; Mrs. M. Boyle, sentinel; Mrs.
W. Briss, organist; Mrs. T. A. Munro,
Mrs. J. McCullum and Mrs. A. Miller,
trustees.
Lady Maccabees.
At the last meeting in November of
Mission Hive of the Ladles of the Mac
cabees, in Mission Opera Hall, there
was a fair attendance of members, and
during the evening suggestions were
offered for the carrying on of a cam
paign of extension by the members of
the hive. During recess the meeting
was addressed at some length by Sir
Knight 'E. C. Stock of Golden West
Tent, K. O. T. M., on "Loyalty to the
Order."
After the close of the meeting there
was a pleasant social hour. This hive,
which at one time was one of the most
active of the fraternal organizations in
the Mission district, proposes by the
active work of its ; members to regain
its former status.
The Junior Order.
Abraham Lincoln Council No. 2 of the
Junior Order of United American Me
chanics gave an entertainment and
dance to the families and friends of the
members on the night of the fourth
Wednesday in November. The follow
ing programme was rendered: 'Over
ture, by the orchestra; vocal' solo,
George Cheney; recitations, Syl New
man;" "songs, Charles Kline. Mrs. C.
Kline accompanist; Instrumental selec
tions, Ernest Kohler;^specialties. Hen
ry W. and Mr3. Osthoff ; sleight-of-hand
performance. Dr. G. T. Compton; vocal
solo, "The Palms," by request. Richard
Hunt, and vocal selection*«tTy the Gold
en City Quartet. Then followed danc
ing. All who attended spent a v«ry
pleasant evening.WITH THE PLAYERS AND THE MUSIC FOLK
"Modern American conditions and
music? Never was a time so pregnant
with musical impulse, never were
these conditions so vitally favorable to
musical creation. The ground is not
even scratched yet! The big things
that are clamoring to be done, the
doers that are putting out strong hands
to them—"
But let me introduce the speaker,
whose prophylactic philosophy is par
tially outlined above. It was Mr. Ar
thur Farwell, optimist, delightful and
extraordinary — the optimist practical,
be it said. Mr. Farwell is among the
leaders cf the younger school of Amer
ican composers, author of several
songs, former lecturer upon music at
Cornell, and authority on Indian and
other native American music, upon
which he lectures, and upon which he
Is here lecturing at Stanford and Cali
fornia universities and elsewhere.
More, Mr. Farwell is here studying the
California^ musical output, particular
ly in its earlier Indian and Spanish-
American phases, though with a wide
and discerning eye for the modern
work.
Those unhopeful for the future of
American music should avoid Mr. Far
well. He would probably have the un
comfortable effect of shocking them
out of their pessimism. Not -vhat has
been done, perhaps not what "is be
ing"—may L Mr. White? — done. but.
•what must be done from the American
musical premises, is the lecturer's
It was a little difficult to believe one
self in a busy, noisy, everyday news
paper office while he talked; for It was
there we had our chat. The suitable
surroundings would have been a tem
ple of art, with a Grail or two swing
ing alcft, and the large, clear-vlsioned
eyes of the speaker looking out from a
head set on shoulders clad in lion
ekins. I know I am mixing my Wag
ner, but what matters It? There is a
good, deal of the Siegfried suggestion
about Arthur Farwell. One fancies
him with a sword out for American in
differentiEm, or— but judge for yourself.
Perhaps we began first to talk about
Humperdinck. with whom the com
poser chiefly studied. I told him we
had had the "Hansel and Gretel" at
the Tivoii. and in turn he told me of
the "Konigskinder," the heroic experi
ment that Humperdinck made in a
musical accompaniment to spoken
drama. It was a failure, through the
lack of vitality on the dramatic side.
Mr. Farwell spent a whole winter with
Humperdinck at his own home in the
little village of Boppard on the Rhine,
under conditions that he described as
ideal from the student standpoint. He
had much to say in this connection of
Hans Phitzner, worshiped of Humper
dinck, who with James Grun, his li
brettist, he says, forms a sort of com
posite Wagner. "Tremendous friends
and enemies" testify to the vital qual
ity of their art. Gullmant in Paris aft
erward contributed a contrapuntal
•juota to the young man's education,
and he came home then to lecture on
music at Cornell.
"Up to then," /Jr. Farwell put it, "I
had desired simply to express myself,
and had no broader purpose."
"You play, too?" I asked, looking at
the firm, artist hands.
"Oh, I played violin from the time I
was 9 years old," he replied, "but not
seriously." He smiled as he said then.
"I came from Minnesota, and didn't
know what music was until I got to
New York. I went there to take a
course in electrical engineering, but dis
covered almost immediately that what
I wanted was music. The piano? Oh,
that I do not pretend to play— only in
illustration of my lectures."
"Well, you couldn't play it worse than
Walter Damrosch." I consoled. Mr.
Farwell was looking: apprehensive lest
he be thought to think that he was a
pianist. Then I asked:
"How soon was it before you decided
to devote yourself to the study of the
native American resources?"
"Right off," he said. And that, was
the way it must have been. The Far
well methods are enormously energetic,
quick and decisive as his terse, fluent
speech. - -
"I saw we were just at the beginning
of the creative period here. At first, of
course, everything was borrowed—liter
ally borrowed. Then came the imitative
epoch, now passing. And now is the
creative period. Perhaps a children's
song book, the Laurel— that if you
haven't heard of j'ou are going to — first
set me thinking. The Wa-Wan Press,
that Is publishing what it believes to
be the vital new work of American
composers, went to them for children's
songs; not the weary old stuff that the
children have been fed on, but new and
genuinely American music."
"The coon song, for example!"
"There are worse things than coon
songs," Mr. Farwell put it. "It was,
however, in the search for these songs
that I came across so much of the real
stuff that was being written — and then
slammed on a shelf. Tou see," he leaned
over to emphasize this, "there had to be
this stuff. Here were young, virile
writers living a life that no : one else
has lived, in conditions crammed with
suggestion, and writing wholly out of
their own consciousness. They were
bound to do the new thing — and they've
done it."
"They?"
"Chiefly in the East. Henry Gilbert"
the 'lecturer replied, "Laurence Gilman
and John Beach, all the most radical of
revolutionists— it's quite '76 again," he
laughed. -
"Can any good come from Chicago?"
I queried then. »
"From Chicago! I found a sonata
there"— there was another "Kreutzer"
in the tone. "I must tell you. One felt,
of course, that in that great ferment
there must be music to voice it. But
there — as eveiftnvhere else, of course —
there is so much of the mere academic
stuff. Still, it took me three days only
to discover Campbell Tipton, who is
just about as big as the city. He had
written a piano sonata heroic — splen
did stuff. He had gone off into the
quiet, stepped back from the fuss, dis
mayed doubtless by the lack of altruis
tic feeling among his confreres. He had
had curious reasons^ Here's one, hard
ly credible: Tipton taught in a school
of music, and a friend of his teaching
in another put the Tipton sonata on one
of his recital programmes. He was or
dered to take it off because it was the
work of a man teaching In another
conservatory! But still it is not neces
sary to step back." .
"It Is good to go sometimes into the
wilderness."
Siegfried lifted the sword here to
this: "It Is not necessary to. desert
ADMIRED MINIATURE OF MISS
! MARIE WELLS. PAINTED BY
! MISS LILLIAN O'RYAN'.
_— -<^ MERSON tells us that art
XjjL^, stops hurry and, induces re
j/y^V i flection— for these things,
S~^Z^s then, let us seek art, for 'tis
hurry that's .hastening us on
to our death— even to yours and mine
in the mad chase for the shimmering
mirages of desire that lure us on and
ever on to the end.
Just at the present hour there is
much of art— some good, some pretty
Rood and, friend, fionrve pretty bad— to
be druhk In in such quaffs as you care
for.
THE SAN FRANCISCO- CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1904.
I ARTHUR FARWELL.. THE. AMERICAN COMPOSER. AT PRESENT ON THE COAST TO LECTURE AT THE UNIVERSI
TIES. WHO TAKES A MOST HOPKFUL VIEW OF THE CONDITION OF MUSIC IN THIS COUNTRY AND THE POSSI
BILITIES FOP. ITS FUTURE DEVELOPMENT AND GROWTH.
your kind. It is one of the fundamental
articles of my faith that a man may do
his whole sociological duty and yet
stand to his ideals— don't care how high
they are."
I asked then on what lines Mr. Far
well thought American music would de
velop.
"Chiefly on the spiritual side — an evo
lution from the spiritual leadings in
"Wagner," he put it. "The emotional
expression has been done to the limit.
You can't go beyond the Wagnerian
expression of emotion. But the spir
itual side — "
"Just exactly what do you mean by
the spiritual side?" I ventured — "isn't
music essentially emotional?"
Mr. Farwell disagreed, suggestively.
"That music is essentially everything.
By its spiritual quality," he went on,
"I mean, technically, the harmonic
development. Rhythm, flrst dis
covered, Is the physical basis; melo
dy Is the emotional element; and har
mony brings tho spiritual essence.
With these at their flood you can sym
bolize anything in life."
"And we're going to do it, here?".
"We're going to do It here," he said
bravely, and you could not but believe
him.
On the native sources of inspiration
Mr. Farwell had exhaustive and most
suggestive comment.
"From the South we have the negro
.melodies — the South has been definitely
poetized therein for all time. The
West gives us the Indian songs, count
less thousands of them. In one tribe
alone, the Navajos, Miss Alice Fletch
er collected no fewer than 4000."
"And there are the myths," I sug
gested.
"The myths," the lecturer took "me
up, "that are as valuable to the poet
as the Greek myths to a Keats. Then,
we get the Southwest with the Spanish-
American genre, and yet another and
distinctly other element in the Span
ish-Indian. These I have been studying
all summer with Mr. Charles F. Lum
mls, your great Indian authority.
Then in the north one gets the French
and Creole besides other Indian color,
why — "
"Why, the woods are full of them."
I finished for him.
Very appreciatively Mr. Farwell then
APPLIED ART IS ENTERING OUR HOMES
There's the Sketch Club exhibit and
sale at the cozy clubrooms: on Califor
nia street, where some clever work of
local women is shown. The exhibit will
continue, through the week from 10" to
5, with . an informal "at home" to-day
and to-night.. Seekers after Christmas
gifts, wander up; to this "ivy-covered
little cot" and you'll find something of
artistry to please you— likewise your
purse.
It is high time we 'Americans sought
•to follow in the footsteps of the' "little
brown i men"— whom we are. rather in
clined to patronize— in • their national
love' of the beautiful. No article- of
household use in Japan is too insignifi-
spoke of the Californian modern work,
instancing the McCoy "Hamadryads"
of this year's loot as a thoroughly de
lightful composition. But his local re
search Is not ended.- One can, how
ever, promise the originator of the •Wa-
Wan press more than one local work
worthy of its publishing.
BILLS AT THE LOCAL
jj PLAYHOUSES DURING
THE PRESENT WEEK
"Her Own Way" begins to-morrow
evening the third and last week of its
engagement at the Columbia Theater.
Not to have seen the play and Maxine
Elliott means to have missed one of
the prettiest of society comedies and
the most beautiful of actresses.
To-night the Alameda Lustsplel En
semble will again have the Columbia
stage. This popular German amateur
organization will present this evening
the delightful comedy ""Im Weissen
Roessl" (At the White Horse Tavern), in
which the players have achieved much
success. Adolph Schubert will again
be the Giesecke.
The Tivoii production of "King
Dodo" is one of the wonders of the sea
son. It excels anything the Tivoii has
yet put onln the way of a production,
and fully equals the New York produc
tion of the opera. The cast, headed
by Willard Simms, as droll In his way
as Raymond Hitchcock was in his, i3
excellent, the costumes are sumptuous
and the stage management wholly ad
mirable. The chorus, enlarged, fully
lives up to Its title of "beauty chorus,"
and altogether there is everything to
take the crowds there. They have been
there. To-night will begin the second
week.
Williams and Walker, "the men who
made the King laugh"— why should
Sam Elton have the only headlined
laugh? — came this afternoon to the
Grand Opera-house. These clever col
ored folk bring with them a musical
potpourri, entitled "In Dahomey," in
which they have met with extraordin
ary success in London and New York. '
Minstrels, William H. West's, -come
to the California, this week. They be
gin their engagement' ■with" this after-
cant or' mean -to be made beautiful by
the application- of art. And » this na
tional trait has had a direct effect upon
the: personality , of the nation, stamping
upon the people, a splendid; delicacy -of
feeling and expression that has r made
of ; the ; Land [of the ' Rising Sun an elys
ium.
• - . • • -
The Guild of Arts and Crafts held:its
second annual exhibit at the St..Fran
cis on* Friday 'and Saturday, I with -a
private peek on * Thursday, to friends
and friendly foes.; At a glimpse it was
a : simple • thing to "see that . a week
would be- all ;too; short in .which to get
a line on all the handicraft shown,
and here j' was; -I; with '.[■;. but "•■""ah
noon's matinee. The headliner among
the -older favorites .Is Frederick - V.
Bowers, author of ' "Always" and "Be
cause," who was featured in the great
Kiralfy spectacle at the St. Louis fair.
To-night is the last night at the Ma
jestic of the fine performance they are
giving of "In Mlzzoura," in which J.
H. : Gllmour has scored so heavily as
Jim Radburn. This week's bill will be
"The Senator," in which W. H. Crane
starred for many years, and that, will
be given now for the first time in
stock.
"The Professor's Love Story," the
James M. Barrie comedy that E. S.
Willard so happily introduced here,
will be the attraction at the Alcazar
this week. None can fail to enjoy it.
The Central offers this week "The
Suburban," that promises . the usual
sensational fare. There will be 200
people upon the stage and sixteen
horses. ■ ■ v ' '
The Orpheum has an attraction ex
traordinary this week in the appear
ance of the famous actress Mary Shaw,
long leading lady with Frohman and
famous all over the East for her Mrs.
Alving in Ibsen's "Ghosts."' Miss Shaw
will present a sketch entitled t'The Si
lent System," and will be competently
supported therein. John and Henry
Dillon, songsmiths, Howard's dogs and
ponies, and Phyllis Allen, contralto, are
others new.
* • •
The Hart illusionists come to the
Chutes this week after triumphantly
mystifying New York all summer.
Fischer's continues its 10 and 20 cent
vaudeville regime with much success.
GALA PERFORMANCE «
FOR CHARITY FUND
WILL OCCUR FRIDAY
The sixth annual benefit under th«
auspices of the Associated Theatrical
Managers \jf San Francisco In aid of
their charity fund for the sick and
needy in the profession, to take place
at the Orpheum next Friday afternoon,
December 9. will be a gala event. The
leading theaters of the city will send
their 'choicest pec-ple and acts and the
performance will be continuous.
. Maxine Elliott was one of the first to
By Laura Bride Powers.
: hour. ; The judgment committee,
composed of Mrs. Lillian W.
Tobey, ,. Bruce Porter, Porter Gar
nett,'-Mrs.-Albertine Randall Wheelan,
G; F. P. Piazzoni, Mrs. Mary Ingalsbe
•Bradford, T. H. Meyer, XaVier Mar
; tinez and" C. P. Nellson, having^ passed
upon the things' that He and hang
about; ■ means that ; their: standards are
high/ -And herewith I take their word
for it!|gglgHH
• 'The '■ exhibits range from artistic
cradles for. the baby] to exquisite book
-bindlng,1 along the labyrinth of, deco
Of exceptional Interest was the re
cital given last Saturday afternoon by
the Twentieth Century Club, devoted to
the compositions of Sir Edward Elgar.
The matter was fairly representative,
consisting of vocal solos, three part
songs for female voices and solos for
piano and violin.
One has been hearing much of Dr. El
gar—rlet us for brevity's if not for de
mocracy's sake so call him. All the
testimony seems to go toward proving
the composer head and shoulders above
his English confreres, his admirers, In
deed, hailing 'him as a sort of Luther
in a new musical reformation. Most
important of the musician's composi
tions so far is "The Dream of Geron
tius," an oratorio, that has met with
distinguished favor wherever it has
been heard. In it Dr. Elgar seems to
have succeeded in making sklllfulest
use of all modern musical effects, while
giving to his work all the exalted relig
ious spirit of the older oratorios. Well,
then, may they hall him a Luther.
The English musician has been pecu
liarly under the dominance of the
Handel, Haydn and Mendelssohn ora
torios. The English public has steadily
demanded that kind o% oratorio, and
the English musician has as steadily
endeavored to supply the demand. In
the famous Halle concerts in Manches
ter, where were to be heard the .great
moderns In "every other musical speech,
the "Elijah" and the "Messiah," the
"Messiah" and the "Creation"— but al
ways the "Messiah" — were given season
after season, and still are. Occasionally
"St. Paul" would be sung, and very oc
casionally a formal venture into the
oratorio field by perhaps Sir Charles
Villiers Stanford, Sir A. C. Mackenzie,
Dr. C. H. H. Parry, Cowen, Stainer
and Bridge might be heard.
Certainly the new oratorios offered
little temptation to the listener to de
part from the classic faith. Without
the genius that made the older forms
vital, they are crippled throughout with
the imitative weakness. But Elgar by
all account seems to have cut loose
from tradition. His "Dream of Geron
tius" has made an even profound im
pression, winning, a distinction for mod
ern English music that has only been
achieved, and that in quite another
field, by Sir Arthur Sullivan.
Peculiarly attractive therefore was
the opportunity afforded by the Twen
tieth Century Club. On the whole, how
ever, the programme was something of
a. disappointment. Barring the three
part song. "Fly, Singing Bird," that has
admirably the lyric quality, the com
positions given showed no great origin
ality, of the inevitable quality of music
ripe for birth and nobly born. Rather
is there an effect of striving — a feeling
after things in the dark. This Is par
ticularly apparent In the contralto solo,
""The Swimmer." One does not know
here what the composer is driving at
most of the time, and is left, also with
the feeling that he himself . is tossing
about hoping for some sort of anchor
age that he never reaches. The song is
dramatic in intention, but obscure in its
melodic story, and indefinite, unsatisfy
ing in Its harmonic plot. Miss Hazel
volunteer in behalf of her distressed
professional brothers and sisters and
will be seen with her company from
the Columbia in one of the brightest
bits from "Her Own Way." Williams
and Walker, the greatest team of col
ored comedians before the public and
direct from their London triumphs, will
be the contribution from the Grand
Opera-house, while the William H.
West Big Minstrel Jubilee will furnish
a good old-fashioned first part as a
curtain raiser.
Miss Lillian Lawrence, John Craig
and the principals of the Alcazar Stock
Company have a delightful surprise in
store for their many . admirers, and
Herschal Mayall, the popular leading
man of the Central Theater, will be
seen In the trial scene from "Robert
Emmet." The Tivoll Opera-house has
promised the grand sextet and chorus
from "Lucia," with Madame Fannie
Franclsca in the title role with Paul
Stelndorff directing, and the Orpheum's
contributions will be the best turns
known . to modern vaudeville. The
Chutes also will send' in a novel fea
ture.
. On account of the length of the bill
the overture will be played at 1 o'clock
sharp. There, has been a large sale of
tickets and the reservation of seats will
begin at the box office of the Orpheum
Tuesday morning at 9 o'clock.
Mrs. FIske, now appearing In "Hedda
Gabler" in New York, has fascinated
therein even William Winter, who has
heretofore only impatiently considered
the actress in Ibsen parts. He says her
performance is remarkable, "being mor
dant with sarcasm, -keen with irony,
dreadful with suggestion of subtle,
watchful wickedness, and bright with
vicious eccentricity." The general rep
resentation, too, is declared to be bet
ter than the original, William B. Mack,
as locally, being the excellent Tesman.
John Mason's Liovborg, one of the
strongest characterizations of . his ca
reer, George Arliss* Assessor Brack
rated leather,' Into beautiful keramic3
and parchments, on into photography
that comes right unto high art. And
then comes high 'art. the real thing,
neighboring in sweet peace with Us*
grosser relative— applied art. And thus
is the European ■ cult of combining the
two phrases of art. growing among us.
And welcome.' For thus may we some
day become like unto the Japanese —
and thereby learn to be a polite race.
The .photography of Oscar Maurer.
W. E. Dassonville and Adelaide Hans
comb i Is especially noteworthy. Our
good friends ' Nelson, Dixon. Gamble,
Piazzoni and Martinez, show some In
teresting canvases. The miniatures of
Miss : Lillian O'Ryan are things of joy.
Pitcher in its rendering showed a keen
sense of dramatic Values. She is, though
evidently a singer of short experience,
exceptional in her promise, the voice
large and fine in fiber and the temper
truly musical. Miss Pitcher gave also
another short song, "In Haven." more
definitely charactered but of only pass
ing interest.
To Miss Lewis, who was beautifully
accompanied by Miss Andersen, the
programme was Indebted for the two
violin solos. "Chanson de Nuit" and
"Chanson de Matin." In both of these.
as in the piano solo. "Contrasts." the
constructive sense was strongly grat
ified. The "Chanson de Matin" pos
sessed also a certain degree of spon
taneity, and the "Chanson de Nuit"
breadth and grace. Miss Lewis, though
evidently nervous, gave value to both.
The "Contrasts," well-knit, workman
like stuff, was given wth full apprecia
tion by Miss de Fremery.
Almost spontaneous again and very
well made, charming, too, in Its delight
fully buoyant reading by Wlllard Younr.
was the song "The Pipes of Pan."
But the two three-part songs, both for
women's voices and with accompani
ments for two violins and piano, are
of exceptional value, particularly the
aforementioned "Fly, Singing Bird."
Dr. Elgar here makes most skillful and
original use of both vocal and instru
mental material. With its free and
fine melody and novel harmonic
charm, it is a peculiarly happy ex
ample of Its genre. The other, "The
Snow." is also pleasing, though in
slighter degree, and both songs were
given with notable sympathy by Miss
Powers. Miss Tibbitts. Miss Pitcher.
Mrs. Gwynn, Miss Hamilton and Miss
Vassault.
The Richard Strauss sonata for piano
and violin, op. IS, will be the novelty
of Mr. Hother Wismer's concert to be
given at Stelnway Hall 'next Thursday
evening. The sonata has been given
only once here In public and is a most
interesting work. Mr. Wismer'a pro
gramme throughout is of the finer kind.
He himself will give. In addition to the
Strauss number, the Beethoven violin
concerto (op. 61). with the Joachim ca
denzas and the Sauret "Farfalla." The
violinist will be fortunate in the as
sistance of Mrs. M. E. Blanchard and
Mr. W. H. Thorley. Following is the
programme: Sonata for piano and vio
lin, op. IS, allegro, improvisation (an
dante), andante, allegro (Richard
Strauss), W. H. Thorley and Hother
Wismer: songs — (a) "Immer leiser
wird mein Schlummer" and (b) "Stand
chen" (Brahms), (c) "Le Chevalier Belle
Etoile" (Augusta Holmes), Mrs. M. E.
Blanchard; violin. "Farfalla" {Emilo
SaureO, Mr. Wismer; piano, (a)
"Phantaisie Stuck" (Grillen) (Schu
mann), (b) largo from op. 53
(Chopin), (c) "Valse Fantalsle" (W.* H.
Thorley), Mr. Thorley; violin concerto,
op. 61 (cadenzas by Joachim), allegro,
manon. troppo, larghetto, rondo, al
legro (Beethoven), Hother Wismer and
Mr. Thorley. *:' '■* --
The Paderewski recitals to be given
at the Alhambra will take place on
Monday evening, December 19, and
Wednesday evening, December 21.
diabolically suggestive, and Laura Me-
Gllvray's Mrs. Elvsted finely consistent
and human.
• * •
David Belasco has at last announced
his plans for Mrs. Leslie Carter this
season, the lady beginning rehearsals
this week on her new play. The play
is entitled "Adrea." is by John Luther
Long and David Belasco, is not histor«
ical drama, which Is all the informa
tion touching it that Mr. Belasco
deigns to furnish. Mrs. Carter's com
pany will Include Charles A. Stevenson,
Tyrone Power* R. D. McLean. Claude
Glllingwater, H. R. Roberts. J. Harry
Benrlmo, Francis Powers. H. G. Carl
ton, Marshall Welch, Gllmore Scott.
Teft Johnson, Loris Grimm, Louis
Myll, Edith Crane, Maria Davis, Irma
Perry. Cora Adams, Lura Osborn,
Lydla Winters and many others.
For three consecutive weeks the Co
lumbia Theater will have a change of
bill in the musical comedy line and all
of them elaborate productions of the
first order. The first will be "A Chines*
Honeymoon." This will be followed by
"The Billionaire" and then will come
"The Sultan of Sulu."
Miss Maxine Elliott received this
week from Clyde Fitch in New York
the scenario of the new play which he
Is under contract to write for her In
time for production In New York next
September. This will be the piece to
follow "Her Own Way" In the reper
toire of 1 the actress. A characteristic
note from Mr. Fitch accompanied the
manuscript.
"Here Is your new play," he wrote.
"It is all completed— nothing remains
to be written except the dialogue."- .
Mr. Fitch, who evidently believes
that the plot is of more importance
than the mere language of his charac
ters, will fill in the blank spaces during
the coming summer at his retreat on
the Island of Sicily.
Miss Elliott declines to give even a
hint as to the nature of the new play,
since Mr. Fitch insists upon absolute
secrecy until the night of production.
They are live, delicate, well drawn and
lack the harsh outlines so often seen
on ivory. Her picture of Miss Marie
Wells Is one of the most finished bits
from her hands — delicate hands they
p.rc. .A work in embryo that prom
ises well I3 the miniature of Miss Ed
nah Robinson.
-■ ' ' » » «
Women in National Employ.
More than F00O women are employed
in the various Government offices in
Washington, 2044 of whom have entered
the service after competitive examina
tions. Nine hundred are paid salaries
ranging from $1000 to $1800 a year, the
others being paid .from $600 to $300 a
year-
1920
DOES SMART SET KNOW HOW TO CONVERSE?
Conversation is the divine art of
framing, in words, one's thoughts — if
one has them — and inducing the other
fellow to do likewise. \At one time
jn the history of our great and glori
ous republic it was not expected ol
women to be able to hold conversation,
.beyond being able to know when the
psychological point was arrived at dur
ing courtship — which was largely { a
pantomime affair on the part of milad>
.—and when to say "yea" or • > nay." And
'tis amply recorded that these same coy
damosels, so modest and so chary of
words to express their emotions, oft
times developed into the inexorable
fccolds. Hence, she who talks doesn't
necessarily converse. And she whe
converses doesn't always aay much.
But she's a trump if she gets the othei
fellow to talk— end she's labeled on th«
ppot a "girl who talks mighty well."
Alas'. Alas! For the vanity of •nan! In
the matter of loving notice — a suppos
edly feminine trait — permit Sally to say
unreservedly that men are as amenable
to iweet sooth«aylngs as are women—
almost — another instance of the simi
larity Of MX.
A» to the presence of conversation in
the smart set, there is unquestionably a
famine — save indeed, in isolated patches
— and there when nurtured mostly by
men. Of the women who "belong"
there are not a baker's dozen whose
fertility of brain and facility of expres
sion render them good conversational
ists. Among the few I recall off-hand
are: Mrs. Mark Gerstle, Miss Marie
Well*. Miss Elsie Sperry. Miss Ednah
Robinson, Mrs. M. H. de Young, Miss
Ethel Haper, the Voorhies girls, Miss
A PRETTY BRIDE-TO-HE. WHO WILL, JOUKNEY ON TO PORTO RICO TO
MEET HER FIANCE. AND TWO STUNNING WOMEN WHOSE BEAUTY AND
PERSONALITY PROCLAIMED THUM ••ASSEMBLY" BELLES.
Marie and Mrs. Malcolm Henry, Mrs.
Frank Deering. Mrs. Redmond Payne,
Mrs. Linda V. Bryan. Mrs. Philip King
Brown and — well, there's a rift in
Brown and— well, there's a rift in
shatter j cfuse to sound their reverber
ating note. And thus may. there be a
few other maids and matrons, whose
thoughts and words fit as doth a glove
to my lady's hand, and whose converse
may be fitted to t£e theme and hour
with dexterity and ease. To ber is the
ancient honor due of "being an Interest-
Ing conversationalist ■— a devotee of an
art of ye olden day, that with letter
writing, as understood by our grand
mothers, is laid away in lavender.
And to cards — the omnipresent bits of
pasteboard — is much of the decadence
due. Cards are the executioners of the
art of intelligent speech. But what are
we to do about it? As well seek to
dispense with our daily bread as with
cards. Perhaps, some gay day we may
substitute pantomime- for conversation.
Of course, there's slang to fall back
upon should the smart folk forget its
English, which is a comfort. Seriously,
do many of your society friends use
pure English, and use it with ease?
Hesitation is confession, good friend.
However, the case isn't hopeless. 'The
Sequoia Club is helping out.
This week has been of a type to in
duce a crop of "rest-cures," to wit:
MONDAY
The Assembly at the Palace", whereat
two hundred buds, belles (past and
present) and beaux "chased the fleeting
hours with flying feet." Mrs. Alfred
Hunter Voorhies, Mrs. Frank Sullivan
and Mrs. James Porter Langhorne re
ceived the guests.
Miss Linda Cadwallader, hostess at a
luncheon in honor of Miss Harvey. The
following guests were bidden: Miss
Marie Louise Parrott, the Misses Jos
selyn, Miss Isabel Brewer, Miss Char
lotte Wilson, Miss Helen Chesebrough,
Miss Dorothy Eels and Miss Elizabeth
Livermore.
Mr. and Mrs. John I. Sabin, enter
taining at dinffer Dt*. and Mrs. Red-
mond Payne, Miss Pearl Sabin, Miss
Irene Sabin, Miss Elsa Draper, Miss
Mary Marriner. Philip Paschel, Stuart
Cotton, Sherrill Schell; Lieutenant Han
na, U. S. A., and Lieutenant Anderson,
u. s. a. - ptjB
Hop at Fort Baker, in honor of Miss
Etelka Williar,' Miss Mabel Watklns
and Miss Carrigan.
Mrs. William Robert Sherwood,
bridge party, at Century Club.
Misses Josselyn,, Informal tea.
■\ TUESDAY.
Mrs. Mayo Newhall- and Miss New-
THE SAN FRANCISCO >CAL£, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 4. 1904.
hall, hostesses at a dance in honor of
Miss Anita Harvey and Miss Marjory
Josselyn. Among the merry dancers
were: Miss Margaret Newhall r Miss
Anita Harvey, Miss Majorie Josselyn.
Miss Gertrude Josselyn, Miss Maud
Bourn, Miss Margaret Hyde-Smith,
Miss Gertrude Hyde-Smith. Miss Doro
thy Eells, Miss Christine Pomeroy,
Miss Lucy Coleman,' Miss King, Miss
Helen Bally, Miss Elizabeth Livermore,
Miss Emily Wilson, Miss Charlotte
Wilson, Wharton Thurston, Gerald
Rathbone, Herbert BaKer, Philip Bak-.
ex. Aimer Newhall and other interest-
Ing chaps.
Benefit for the Episcopal Old Ladles'
Home, under the auspices o& the fol
lowing officers: Mrs. John L Sabin,
president: Mrs. Joseph Trilley, vice
president; Mrs. James New'a.nds, re
cording secretary; Mrs. Fannie Dam-
Hilton, corresponding secretary; Mrs.
S. L. Foster, treasurer; directors— Mrs.
Philip Cad uc, Mrs. Alfred Clark, Mrs.
C. E. Gibbs, Mrs. James . W. Hamm,
Mrs. John Landers., Mrs. . E. J. Lion,
Mrs. A- M. Prindle, Mrs. A. R.Ramus,
Mrs. George Reed, Mrs. R. B. Sanchez,
Mrs. Louis C. Sanford, Mrs.* S. V.
Smith, Mrs. George; Sneatti, Mrs. F. L.
Southack, Mrs. Taussig, Mrs. George
E. Wellington and 'Mrs: F.'.C. Young.
Mrs. William . Prentice • Morgan, hos
tess to Bridge Club, at which the fol
lowing: ladies lured luck in varying
fashions: Mrs. William R. Smedberg,
Mrs. Ira •Pierce, Mrs. J. K. Nuttall,
Mrs. Warren Clark, Mrs. Henry L.
Dodge, Mrs. Charles Josselyn, Mrs.
Frank B. Anderson, Mrs. Timothy
Hopkins, Mrs. Rosenstock, Mrs. H. P.
Gale, Mrs. Carolan, Mrs. ; ll L. Baker,
Mrs. William Thomas, r Mrs. Southard
Hoffman and, Miss Laura McKinstry.
.Mrs. Porter and Miss Amy Porter,
hostesses at luncheon at Hotel Pleasan
ton, with Mrs. Henry.; Clarence Breedenj
Mrs. Leonard Chenery, Mrs. Hanford,
Miss Marie Voorhies,. Miss Alice Dray,
Miss Belle Harmes, Miss Maye Col
burn, Miss Carol Moore. Miss Gertrude
Dutton and Miss Ethel Patton as
guests.
Mrs. Hyde-Smith, with Miss Ger
trude and Miss Margaret, hostesses at
an informal * dinner, previous to the
Newhall dance.
Sequoia Club "at home," at St. Fran
cis, with Madame Fanny Francisca and
Signor Cionl the guests of honor; Mrs.
Reginald Knight Smith was the gra
cious hostess of the evening.
Mrs. Pedar Bruguiere, hostess at din
ner. Vv:. ; ■
WEDNESDAY.
Forum Club reception.
Dr. and Mrs. J. Wilson Shiels, enter
taining at dinner in honor of Miss Ma
rie Wells and Selby Hanna.
Mrs. Alyce Sullivan, luncheon to
Miss Anita Harvey.
Mr. and Mrs. Walter S. Martin, en
tertaining at a theater in honor of Miss
Harvey.,
Miss Alice Kline, hostess at informal
tea in honor of Miss Freeborn of Paris.
Among the guests were Mrs. Fred Mc-
Near, Mrs. Augustus Taylor, Mrs! Will
Taylor, Miss Louise- Redington, Mrs.
Eleanor Martin, Miss Gertrude Hyde-
Smith, Miss Margaret Hyde-Smith,
Miss Genevieve King, Miss Hazel King,
Mrs. Eugene Murphy.
Mrs. Will Gerstle, hostess at an in
formal tea in honor of Miss Marie
Wells. \
y ■ Sketch , Club reception.
: The Misses Jolliffe, hostesses = at a
tea in ; honor .of ; Max i ne Elliott. Among
those ; bidden 5. to meet the .beautiful
actress were Mrs. Dixwell Hewitt,' Mrs.-
Rudolph Spreckelsi- Mrs. Mark Gerstle,
Mrs. Sands rForman,- Mrs. Arthur Bran
der,'; Mrs. ; Reginald; Brooke,"; Mrs.*; Brown
of; London, Mrs. Dean,* Miss Dean;*Miss
King, Mrs. McAneny, Mrs. Francis
Sullivan, Mrs. Herbert Mofflt, Miss
Mary Joliffe, Miss Virginia Joliffe, Miss
Frances Jolliffe. Miss Gertrude Jolliffe.
Consul Paul Kosakevitch, Mr. Cole
man, Cyril Tobin. T. G. Crothers, Theo
dore Wores and James D. Phelan.
THURSDAY
Mrs. George Hyde, hostess at a large
dinner in honor of her granddaughter,
Miss Margaret Hyde-Smith. The guest
list is as follows**" Miss Emily Wilson,
Miss Charlotte Wilson, Mrs. Hyde-
Smith, Miss Gertrude Hyde-Smith,
Miss Dorothy Eells, > Miss Marjorie
Josselyn, Miss Maisee Langhorne, Miss
Carmelita Selby, Miss Margaret New
hall, Miss Edna Davis, Miss Carol
Moore, Miss Christine Pomeroy, Her
bert Baker, Wilberforce Williams,
Frank King, Percy King, Athole Mc-
Bean, William Page, Count de la Roc
ca, George Cadwallader, Aimer New
hall, Mr. Burnett and a couple of other
"nice" men who make a dinner "go."
Miss Louise Hall of Oakland, hostess
at luncheon in honor of Miss Ruth
Hough ton. —
Edward Greenway. host at an elob
orate dinner at the Bohemian Club, in
honor of Miss Gertrude Dutton and Jo
siah Howell.
tMiss Norma Castle, informal "cards."
Mr. and Mrs. Mark Gerstle, dinner In
honor of Miss Wells and Selby Hanna.
Mr. and Mrs. Robert K. Nut tall, en
tertaining at dinner.
Miss Susanne Kirkpatrick, hostess at
a dance at the Palace.
FRIDAY.
Mrs. Eleanor Martin, hostess at a
brilliant ball given at the St. Francis
in honor of her granddaughter, Miss
Anite Harvey— lucky maid!
Mrs. Frederick Spencer Palmer, tea
at her new Green-street home.
Presidio charity tea, for the benefit
of the deaconesses'. labors.
Mrs. Isidore Lowenberg, hostess at a
dinner at the Palace.
Lantern Club, informal dance at Sau
salito.
SATURDAY.
Mrs. David R. Sessions, large card,
party.
Mrs. Davenport, hostess at her Pa
cific-avenue home in honor of Miss
Bessie Stillman.
Miss Jessie McNab, debutante tea.
Assisting to receive were: Mrs. Charles
J. Harley, Mrs. Samuel Dunning. Mrs.
B. J. Hoffacker, Mrs. R. L. Dunn. Mrs.
Harry Gray, Mrs. William Hurlburt
Morrow, Mrs. Howard Holmes, Mrs.
R. L. Dunn. Mrs. Bernard Breeden,
Mrs. Gavin McNab. Mrs. Frank Ames.
Miss Georgie Spieker, Miss Mary Hol
lister. Miss Ethel ' McCormlck, Miss
Bessie Bates. Miss Eugenie Hawes.
Miss Ruth Morton and Miss Linda V.
Bryan. , :
To-day, blessed Sabbath, and a good
day 'to pray, is likewise a good day to
make merry — decorously, to be sure.
To-day Mr. and Mrs. Carter, Pomeroy
will entertain . at luncheon in good
Gotham fashion— that is, with men and
women guests.
Mrs. George Sperry and Miss Elsie
Sperry— she of the wistful eyes— will
be hostesses at; a tea to-day in honor
of r Miss Wells and . Selby . Hanna.
To-morrow night brings in its dusky
folds: the splendid Charity Ball— the
Albert Sidney Johnston Chapter of the
Daughters .of the Confederacy, the
hostesses. Now, great things . are
looked .for at that function to-morrow
night. Everv "Assembly" maid " and
man 1s going, and other interesting
folk /of . the good ".. old . South, : and ' the
reason-is two- fold: the possession of a
rare good time, a chance to help ' the
poor lads "who fought for the right
as they knew it— and lost. Many of
these men who wore the gray are with
out support In the evening of life, and
the proceeds of the Charity Ball go to
making happier the few remaining
days of their life. Of course, you're
going' Mrs. A. H. Voorhies was busy
as a bee last w_eek receiving accept
ances, and all omens point to a smart
affair and good fun— likewise many
Joy% to warm the wearied old fellows
who did their duty as saw it, and
are now waiting "to go home." May
the dance be famous good fun.! the
punch as harmless as it was- at the
Assembly! and the ventilation— the joy
of the men!
Word comes of the delightful time
pretty Miss Mabel Gunn Is having in
Gotham visiting her friends. Miss Gunn
and her mother will be joined in a day
or two by Mrs. Thayer, mother of
Miss Gunn's fiance, and a charming
coterie they will be, "doing" New
York together. They will all take pas
sage in time to reach Porto Rico by
Christmas.
• • •
Apropos of heat and Its intimate
bearing upon linen, ask Joel Hicks.
But he's a wise lad — he carried a re
lay of collars to the Assembly, which
was the deep, dark secret of his im
maculate and unperturbed bearing.
Sherril Schell, too, was another wise
chap.
What a rodeo of stunning maids and
matrons there were at the Assembly!
Who was the prettiest? Well, If you'U
accept an humble, feminine, without
malice-aforethought opinion, Mrs. Mil
ton Pray, - Mrs.- Krauthoff, Miss Beat
rice Fife and Miss TSlsie Sperry were
the greatest beauties— with a toss-up
between them for first honors. Now, in
this classification, .most of the men
within, hearing concurred, with many
emendations, to be sure, jwith each
maid a valiant champion.
There were some mighty fine fellows
at the dance: Wharton Thurston, Em
erson Warfield, Sherrill Schell. Herbert
Baker, Richard Girvin, Lieutenant
Locke, Lieutenant Hanna, Lieutenant
Anderson, Lieutenant Cox, Lieutenant
Wetherill, Richard Rountree, George
Herrick, Dr. Van Wyck, Fred Peterson,
Dr. Hogue, Dr. Dale, Joel Hicks. Allan
Dlmond, Philip -Paschel, Leslie Hark
ness, Dr. Broderick. Dr. Genthe, Major
Stephenson, Edward Huie, Lieutenant
Rockwell, Harry Pendleton, Jerome
B. Landfleld and John Roberts Bride.
Speaking of Mr. Landfleld, he stands
convicted before a competent jury —
consisting of Maynard Dixon, Xavier
Martinez and Barnett Franklin — of re
naming the honorable Sequoia' Club
"the Obsequoia." His punishment
should fit the crime, with Charles
Sedgwick Aiken the lor* high execu
tioner.
To-morrow night the Channing Aux
iliary will present "The Kleptoman
iacs" with Mrs. Margaret Lewis, Mrs.
Grace Baldwin, Mrs. John Sroufe Mer
rill, Miss Elsie Marsh, *Miss Louise
Sussman, Dr. Milicent Cosgrave and
Miss Ethel Stetson filling the roles. By
a singular coincidence, the Sorosis
Club presents the same .play at the
same time. Was it a coincidence?
• • •
A trio of departing damsels com
fortably ensconed themselves in the
quarters offered by the transport Lo
gan, last Thursday, off for the unex
plored pleasures of our new posses
sions.
• • •
; Mr. and Mrs. John Franklin Bab
-•eock are a-honeymoonlng in Gras3
Valley.
• • •
Mrs. Frank West, wno was in town
for a few days recently, was the beau
tiful Miss Bernie Terry of Stockton.
She rightly inherits her beauty, for her
mother, now Mrs. Wallace, i3 a beauti
ful woman. --'
Reel Terry, the father of Mrs. West,
was a strikingly handsome man, com
bining good facial expression with a
fine presence. His talents in the legal
profession and as an orator were wide
ly known and admired. Mr. Terry was,
also, a cousin of David S. Terr/' of
renown and connected with so -much
of the early history of California.
■ Mrs. West is one of the sincerely ad
mired young matrons of Stockton and
her heritage of intelligence and beauty
makes her widely sought.
• • •
Among the transport passengers last
Thursday were the Bashes. They havt
really given little time to friends here,
but- have been either just arriving or
just going, and with the wedding trip
in addition they have had scarce op
portunity to accept of society's offer
ings. x .
• • •
Miss Irene Sabin and Miss Pearl Sa
bin enjoy life in a wholesome sort of a
way. They spend much time out of
doors and ; any day In the park may
be seen walking, accompanied by two
fine dogs. Miss P ( earl has a beautiful
cocker^ spaniel, while Miss Irene is at
tended by a vigorous bull terrier. Both
animals are leashed, but they seem se-
rene and contented in the control of
their young charges.
If It were possible to mobilize all th»
recently married young captains and
lieutenants we should have a military
detachment of power, but as they linger
only long enough to secure our attrac
tive maids, they will have to be called
"The Passing Regiment." Apropos of
this, the exception which proves the
rule is that of Lieutenant Emory "Win
ship, who with his fair bride (Kath
erine Dillon) will be stationed In town
for a time at least, and will reside
temporarily at the St. Frapcis. Later
they will be guests of Mr. and Mrs.
Maurice Casey on Broadway.
Mr. i and Mrs. George Riddell hav»
gone to Honolulu for a month.
Lieutenant Hanna's transfer ovei to
Point Bonita is causing regret amorj
his associates of Presiditf and town an.l
the maidens are pouting, too. Dear me:
What shall we do? But just thir.k, if
he had been sent to the Philippines!
Point Bonita Is only a stone's throw
and there Is a boat to bring over all
the outside officers to the parties.
Mr. and Mrs. WHHam R. Wheele»
leave to-day for San Diego. They have
rented their Some for the winter, but
will be in San Franciscd nevertheless,
having taken apartments at the Hotel
CecIL
Mrs. Kip is expected home from Kan
sas City very soon. She will come by
way of Santa Barbara, where Mr. KiD
will meet her. Mrs. Kip has been visit
ing Dr. and Mrs. Ernest Robmson. her
son-in-law and daughter.
Captain and Mrs. John Raymond
sailed on the Logan on Thursday for
the Philippines, where the captain's
regiment Is stationed.
Mr. and Mrs. Peter Martin are in
Paris for the winter, yhere they have
secured apartments. TThey ■will make
a tour through Egypt in January.
Mr. and Mrs. James Follls are ex
pected to arrive in San Francisco with
in the next few 'days from St. Louis.
In that city Mr. Follis has been too ill
to travel, and their contemplated
trip to New York is abandoned. It ia
to be hoped that the comforts of home
and our balmy climate will restore
Mr. Follis.
Miss Mary Holllster of San Luis
Obispo is visiting in town, the jruest
of her cousin, -Mrs. Linda Bryan, en
Buchanan street. Miss HoUister will
remain through the winter and will be
entertained at many affairs.
Mrs. Gertrude Atherton and Mrs. Ash
ton Stevens are in Southern California.
but have left Coronado for Santa Bar
bara, where they will make a short
stay, going thence to Cataliha. Mr Ste
vens will leave San Francisco before
Christmas, spending the holidays with
Mrs. Stevens and Mrs. Atherton.
Europe with its antiquities and the
Orient with Its novelties (novel to us)
have attracted the larger percentage
of travelers for years past, but the
magnet Is changing geographically.
Egypt, with its fascinating yet awe
some mysteries, is claiming the globe
trotter—at least he of the Western hem.
isphere — for our tourists now do not ut
ter the travel thought without first
mention of Egypt. -Even now there are
many en tour for that far land of
mummies. The John C. Wilsons, the
Peter Martins, a dozen others and the
Pinckards, Eyres and Miss Helen
Chesebrough are included in the train
thence. The last party will leave ia
January.
The native heath attracts /even those
who have become alien, and attractive
new homes do not quite stillthe Ions-
Ing for the old. Mr. and Mrs. Freeborn
who have lone lived in Pciria. are in
town for a stay of undetermined length
Their daughter, Miss Freeborn. has
been entertained considerably already.
• • '•
Colonel J. J. O'Connell, with Mrs. and
Miss O'Connell, Is at the Occidental,
where he has taken apartments. The
party has recently arrived from Fort
Crook. Nebraska, to remain for some
time in San Francisco.
• • •
The "honeymooners" are scattered
all about in the beautiful spots of the
State. Dr. and Mrs. Le Moyne Wills
are at Santa Barbara and Dr. and Mrs.
Guy T. Water bury are In the Santa
Cruz Mountains. Dr. and Mrs. WIII3
return soon to Los Angeles to make
their home, while Dr. and Mrs. Water
bury will live in Sacrarr.entoX
Lindsay Tilden. who is touring the
world and recently visited Colonel
and Mrs. Preston in town, la a brother
of the late Joseph Tilden. widely known
in San Francisco. Mr. Tilden. Is now
on his way to Honolulu, wher* 1m will
visit for a few weeks.Dry Goods Company.
Showing the Largest* Importation and Greatest*
Variety Ever Exhibited in This City .• .• „• „•
REAL ARMENIAN LACE -TRIMMED HANDKER-
CHIEFS — Arabian linen lawn centers, confined strictly
to our house. Prices:
50c, 75c, $1, $1.25, $1.50 and $1.75 Each
CALIFORNIA POPPY INITIAL HANDKERCHIEFS
— Spider linen lawn, hand hemstitched, hand embroid-
ered, correct gifts for Eastern friends. Half a dozen in a
$3, or 50c Each
INITIALED SHEER LINEN HANDKERCHIEFS—
Hand embroidered letter. Half a dozen in a fancy box.
$1, $1.50, $2, $3, $4.50 and $6 a Box
ARMENIAN LACE EDGE HANDKERCHIEFS— With
hand embroidered initial. Half a dozen in a box for
$3, or 50c Each
EMBROIDERED HANDKERCHIEFS, on Arabian linen
lawn, Shamrock lawn and Thistle lawn. Prices:
15c, 25c, 50c, 75c and $1 Each
FRENCH HAND EMBROIDERED HANDKER-
CHIEFS— Original and artistic designs. Prices:
50c, 75c, $1, $1.50, $2, $2.50, $3, $3.50,
$5, $6 up to $20 Each
UXLAUXDERED SHEER LINEN HANDKERCHIEFS
— With hand embroidered initials. Per half dozen :
60c, 75c, $1 and $1.50 a PacKage
REAL DUCHESSE LACE HANDKERCHIEFS — Our
complete importation now in stock. Prices:
$1, $1.50, $2, $2.50, $3, $3.50, $4, $4.50,
$5, up to $25 Each
REAL POINT LACE HANDKERCHIEFS— In designs
of exquisite delicacy. Prices:
$7, $10, $15, $20, $25 up to $75 Each
All plain handkerchiefs, initialed without additional
cost when ranging from $5.00 a dozen upward.'
All cur handkerchiefs put up in fancy boxes.
...SEE OUR SHOW/ IA/INDOWS...
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
Cc&ry acd Stockton Streets, Union Squara- /
IViil Hold Christmas Festival.- •
The Sisters of the Holy Family will
hold their annual Christmas festival
for the children's day homes and sew
[ng schools at the Alhambra Theater
Thursday afternoon, December 15. •
Tickets for the affair must be secured
at the convent, corner of Hayes and-
Fillmore streets, as none will be sold
at the door.
■ ♦ «
REFOOAH MAHQl'KRADK.— The Tvell
kiiown Je*-i?h Society Ohf-vra Shaare Refooah
•'ill give its annual masquerade ball in Lyric
IIa.ll to-niffht, on which occasion a number of
i.i!uab> I'rizes will be distributed. The grand
marrb cf rnas<iucradprs is scheduled for 8:30.
I sole ofi jPi • pip?
r '-* This will be Children's Week at the Rightway. We B
\-\ have planned this sale believing that San -Francisco wi
I "\ mothers would appreciate an opportunity to get gen- fl
■■? j uine bargains in shoes for the children. * p
\ -. The illustration above will give you a fair idea of g
£ 1 the styles. The leathers are Vici kid, with patent tips rj
i ] and box calf, in either lace or button styles. H
13 Sizes 5 to 8, fifip^ * §1
i: I Regular $1.00, for ....UUU H
fw sizes 8^ to ii, Qfjn fl
*j Regular $1.25, for ..UUu 13
f \ sizcs "^ to 2 ' ci nn .1
j Regular $1.40. OliUU ||
|>j Mail orders always receive prompt attention. ' pf
f\ 82-814 Market Street Phelan Building. ||
ADVERTISEJIENTS.
Spanish Masquerade.
The Spanish Mutual Benevolent So
ciety, having discovered that its fund
for the relief of its members who are
placed on the sick list is depleted, has
decided to give a Spanish carnival and
masquerade with a view to
money to replenish the fund. This
event will be in Lyric Hall on the
night of Saturday, December. 10.
■ ♦ »
PEDLER ESTATE.— The estate of Grace
Martha. Augusta Pedler has been appraised at
$45,460 07, the chief Item being eleven flats at
Geary and Avery streets, valued, together with
the lot, at 542,000.
; AJDV^KJTISEMENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 4, 19<U.
TEACHERS WANT
PAY INCREASED
Will Memorialize Legisla
ture to Make Provision
for Baising of Salaries
LAXGDOX FILES REPORT
Superintendent Suggests In
novations to Be Introduced
in the Public Schools
Superintendent Langdon of the City
School Department yesterday received
circulars signed by a sub-committee of
school teachers of San Jose, containing
the information that the State Legis
lature at its next session will be mem
orialized to make provision for increas
ing the salaries of all teachers through
out the State. The circular is signed
by George S. Wells, Louis Bruch, Rob
ert A. Lee, H. M. Bland and J. F.
Smith, and makes an appeal to teach
ers to organize for effective work and
push the proposition to a successful
finish/ The circular continues:
"We 'desire to call attention to and
indorse the recommendations of the
Superintendent of Public Instruction in
his last biennial report and the action of
the biennial convention of the county
and city superintendents of the State
of California, held at Santa Barbara
on May 10, 11 and 12. 1904, in the mat
ter of *mendinp the laws of California
in the provisions for raising school rev
enues, to wit: That the State taxes
be increased so as to give a minimum
of f9 per census child instead of $7, and
that the counties that are not already
raising the limit of 50 cents on the hun
dred dollars of county school tax be re
quired Tb~ raise an amount sufficient to
give $8 instead of $6 per census^ child."
TELLS OF EASTERN SCHOOLS.
Superintendent Langdon yesterday
filed whh the Board of Education a re
port of his recent observations of
Eastern schools with a view to the fu
ture introduction of the best features
prevailing there Into the local depart
ment. In view of the fact that some
school buildings are to be erected in
this city under the recent bond issue,
Langdon discusses at length the archi
tecture of school buildings in New-
York, Cleveland, St. Louis, Chicago and
other cities. The report continues:
"The kindergarten, a part of the
school system of nearly all the East
ern cities, must soon become a part of
the San Francisco public schools. It is
considered by school officers and
teachers a great success and in no in
stance when once established has it
been discontinued. A kindergarten
might be established in some con
gested quarter of this city^and the sys
tem allowed to gTow steadily but grad
ually. Of <?ourse, an apportionment of
school moneys in addition to the
amount allowed for elementary and
h*gh schools should be made for kin
dergarten purposes. A recommenda
tion to that effect will probably be
made by the Superintendent for the
next school yeaj".
COMPULSORY EDUCATION.
"In the matter of compulsory edu
cation the Eastern cities are far ad
vanced. The schools of Chicago and
Boston are the best types. The Chi
cago school particularly has been very
successful in its work of reform. This
school is located near the limits of the
city, about eight miles from the City
Hall, on a tract of fifty acres of land
owned by the Board of Education. No
wall?, bars or bolts exist, it being built
on the cottage plan. It is claimed that
80 per cent of the boys are cured of
truant habits and started on the road
to good citizenship and that the mere
establishment of the school has great
ly reduced truancy in Chicago. The
per capita cost of maintaining and
schooling these boys is $7 35 a week,
a high figure, due to the small num
ber of boys and the great number of
employes necessary. In Boston the
per capita cost is 54 43 per we«k, the
number of boys in attendance being
greater and the term of detention
longer as well. The' buildings and
equipment In Chicago cost almost half
a million dollars."
A meeting of principals will be held
in room 356, City Hall, next Friday
afternoon to consider matters pertain
ing to the May musical festival.
TWENTY MINUTE SOCIETY
WILL HOLD A BIG SALE
Organization of St. Luke's . Church
Prepares to Offer Rare Bargains
for Holidays.
The seventh annual reception and
sale of St. Luke's Twenty Minute So
ciety will be held in the assembly
rooms of St. Luke's Church, corner
Van Ness avenue and Clay street.
Tuesday and Wednesday afternoons
and evenings. December 6 and 7.
There will be a doll table under the
chairmanship, of Mrs. Sidney M.
Smith, assisted by Mrs. Philip Lans
dale, Mrs. Samuel H. Boardman, Mrs.
Silas Palmer, Mrs. E.' E. Brownell,
Miss Richter, Miss Helen Smith, Mis3
Bertha Smith, Miss Xewell Drown,
Miss Carolan, Miss Helen Gibbs, Miss
Sara Collier^ Miss Ruth Powers and
others.
The fancy article table will be un
der the management of Mrs. Louise
F. Monteagle, assisted by Mrs. Burr
M. Weeden. Mrs. Warren D. Clark,
Miss Anna Gray. Miss Evelyn Stocker,
Mrs. Horace D. I^llsbury, Mrs. R. C.
Pell. Miss Edna Davis. Mrs. A. P. Tal
bot. Miss Alma Thane, Miss Hilda
Van Sicklen. Miss Eliza Kline, Mrs.
George E. Starr, Miss Bernie Owen,
Mrs. W. H. La Boyteaux, Mrs. W.
Grissim. Mrs. W. C. Peyton.
.The useful article table. win be un
der the chairmanship of Mrs. W.:C.
Morrow. Her assistants will be Mrs.
J. D. Ruggles. Mrs. Felix Galindo,
Mrs. J. H. Mallett, Mrs. Theodore E\
Smith. Mrs. W. P. R. Clark, Mrs. A.
D. King, Mrs. W. S. Kirk, Mrs. W. S.
Watson, Mre. F. C. Young. Mrs. B. J.
Wilkins, Miss Mary Mesick, Mrs. M.
W. Backus, Miss Daisey Sabin, Mrs.
M. M. Bruce, Miss Edith Moody, Miss
Bess Houghton, Mlsa Lyons, - Mrs.
Schultheis, Mrs. N. P. Cole Jr., Mrs.
R. I. Bentley, Miss May Hoyt, Miss
Holcornbe, Mrs. C. W. Welty, Mrs.
Dr. H. Law and Mrs. George Arm»
strong.
The book table will be presided
over by Mrs. . George \ H. Kellogg, as
sisted by Miss Sara, Hamlln, Mrs; H.
"„ Ladies' GLOVE « « ,. ,>, .
Cashmere Hose XbK <&■) * —^ Merchandise Black
in all black, gray Orders^ \\P^ • 0RDERS AU^o
b"ack 0X w°th'gja S y (ftiVlOl tY\K\\f L(VV <^h lO\Yt (tf\ky(\Yl An easy method of ©fan excellent
Special at , w * :„„. th( . m -- . _ ., _• 4R. *>^ '— — ** any amount— good wide, regularly
sop a p al r fflffSffa. ; *earny and Sutler Sts. <8 -^«a^^ h^yffj. | »%■ y%f
MAIL ORDERS — Out - of - town Patrons, order anything in this advertisement —
, I— W y° ur letter will receive prompt and careful attention
.Magnificent Display of Holiday Goods
rir w U /o St 2 re v, W - as n . ev f r more read / for your Christm as selections. Every department is replete with the newest,
n t d C^ 1CeSt Of USEFUL a H d DURABLE holiday goods. Come and see what beautiful articles we have
gathered together— 'you are certain to find' something appropriate for a friendly remembrance
■ Morning shopping is advised as most comfortable— store not too crowded and stocks are in perfect order'for
Xmas Gloves for Everybody Fancy Work for Christmas
For Ladies, Gents and Children — all the newest and best for Newest ideas in Needlework are now on display in our Art De-
walking, driving, or evening wear. Make your selections from a P^rtment -;- daintiest designs in hand embroidery and painting,'
stock that is large and complete in assortments. Leather Novelties, Lace Scarfs, Pin and Sofa Cushions, etc. We
mention a few attractively priced : -—
Ladies' 2-clasp Amazon Kid Gloves, Gents' i-dasp Walking Gloves, In Work Boxes of leather, containing com- Laundry-List Books of leather, with
Si JSn« inHnMi lng w Ca V ten » f rown a P d red r: a plete sewing outfit, avery y - design finely burnt and ap-* , «-
all colors including black*. nft superior wearing article— *, nex useful article (5C pliqued....: $1.15
, a ; d : vhlC -P cr P atr S 1 ! 00 Special, per pair $1.00^ Needle Books of linen, leaf design, Handkerchief. Glove and Cravat
Ladies 3-clasp Maggioni, made of fin- Children's 2-clasp Kid Gloves, with embroidered in autumn leaf Q - Cases of linen, handsomely +- -^
est selected skins; perfection of fit; neatly embroidered backs, in tan, coIors °^ C embroidered and trimmed. . $3.50
ni a rn,';r ' te ° lors; <Rt K(\ mode ' red, brown^ f nn Pin Cushions of silk, exquisitely trim- Sofa Cushions, hand embroidered on
per pair. 3) 1 ,3U , and white — per pair 3> 1 *UU med with lace and ribbons... $1.50 burlap, trimmed with cord ...$6.35
Sterling Silver Novelties , Ideal Gifts in Jewelry
What would be more acceptable than a handsome piece of sterling The Jewelry, Department will be radiant to-morrow with its
silver ? We are showing a large collection of beautiful articles of many offerings of" beautifur novelties for holiday living. Everv-
the very best makes. We quote a few and their prices: thing entirely new and at the most moderate prices *
lillf Sb^S^^B^Jn lilverKch Bo^-i^OtoTalo IV^"? LoCkctS ' r0Und and h " rt in
Silver Pocket Lives *i 00 to $T.75 SlIvS • Mankufe Sets! .f 1.85 S| lioS so!id e ns,75ctof 1 1.50 silver and gold filled. ..$1.25 tokoo
Silver Hair Brushes.... $2.00 to $ 9.50 Silver Comb and Brush Sets, in White Stone Brooch Pins, (hearts, cres- Hat Pins, latest novelties, a great vari-
Silver Clothes Brushes.$3.25 to |9.00 silk lined box, special at $4.50 ccnts » sun bursts, etc.) $3.25 to$l 5.00 ety to choose from 25c to $3 00
Opera Glass Bags $100^Umbrellasat$2 + 00. Sale of Fans
At $1.00 Both Ladies' and Gents' Sizes At 95c
A remarkable offering of beautiful Opera Glass In every detail'they are perfect — coverings are You won't have to think twice as to the desir-
Bags, just in time for Christmas. They are pretti- of splendid grade of Union Taffeta, tape edged - ability of these pretty Fans for a Christmas I ft
ly made of S.Ik Taffeta and Satin Brocades- close rollers- cases and tassels. Handles are when you see them^ some beautifully Sed fnd
choicest Dresden designs ,n light colors, with gilt of sterling silver, horn, natural wood lace trimmed, others in silver spangled
and silver bars and silk draw cords — <t1 ftn and pearl effects — would be considered e<> AA effects, with artistically carved bone and ~~
worth regularly $i. 5 o-Sale price r $1 .00 reasonable at $3.00 - Sale price $2.00 woo d sticks-worth $1.50- Sale price. ... 95C
Ladies' Holiday Neckwearr in Splendid Variety
A wide range of gifts can be selected from this department alone — We've never shown handsomer styles. There is every new
seasonable and stylish mode, from the little turnover collar at 12c to the elaborate evening cape at $60. These specials for Monday:
Tht i new "Kitty Whisker Bow," made of white, Handsome White Lierre Lace Jabots, with long Coque Feather Capes, in white, tipped with deli-
pleated Breton net with stock of same - ft ends, silk beaded stock and ruching c^ nn cate tints, entirely new shapes excet? J" I "
material — Special at.... 50C top, all colors, 1 in box, value $1.50, at $1.00 tional value at ..!..?.!; $7.50
Silk Buster Brown Collars, with long silk tie, in Lierre and Point Gauze Lace Berthas, entirely new Elegant White Coque Feather Stoles with iust
$1.00 i^.^™?.^??. $3.50 aaa $8.50
Sale of Silk .W^sts«^- J ? ale of Silk Petticoats
S6i50 jan^ST.50 Waists at $5.00" > 85.00 Instead of S7.00
There are two styles — one is tailor-made of Chiffon Taffeta, A special purchase of Silk Petticoats goes on sale to-morrow
charmingly designed with tucks and box-pleated front ; the other They are made of excellent quality Silk Taffeta, with deep van-
style is handsomely made of Peau de Cygne with duchesse front dyke accordion-pleated flounce, trimmed with tucked ruffle —
neatly piped, tucked sleeves and back. Colors are - under ruffle finished with tucked ruffle— colors black
white, black, light blue, brown and navy. Waists (1(1 white, green and navy. If bought regularly could not {£ (\f\
that sell regularly at $6.50 and $7.50 each; sale price be sold for less than $7.00 — Sale price >PJ*\J\J
CLOSING OUT ENTIRE SPECIAL SALE, MONDAY, OF
3ronze and Glassware Department Arabian Color Lace Curtains
At y$ Off Regular Prices If you have need for Curtains, it will pay you to take ad-
This is one of the greatest of all opportunities to secure hand- vanta g e of this offering, for we have determined to give our cus-
some Art Pieces in Bronze, Pottery and Glassware. We can't be tomers^the best values in Curtains ever known. Several hund-
too emphatic about it. Scores of beautiful articles — many having red P airs are included, a » in the new Arabian color, in the
just arrived, being bought prior to our concluding to give up this erv latest fancy net, mission, cable and corded effects:
department — are now being offered at 33J6 per cent off.: Lace Curtains, worth regularly $2:25, now $1.75
Glass Vases marked I1.00 On Sale at 65c Lace Curtains, worth regularly $2.50. now $2.00
Glass Vases marked $2. 75 On Sale at S1.85 1 ar» Purhinc Wrt r*h r .,,,,i, r i, <„ - *-» -,,.
Glass Vases marked $4.00........ On Sale at 82.65 Lace Curtains, worth regularly $2.75, now $2.25
Glass Vases marked $6.00... <.On Sale at $4.00 Lace Curtains, worth regularly $3.00, now $2.50
C. Davis, Mrs. R. J. Anderson and
Miss Grace Kellogg.
Mrs. C. C.. Pennell and Mrs. Fred
erick Bearne will have charge of the
candy table . and will have an aole
corps of assistants.
Mrs. Sidney Worth and Mrs. Henry
Williams will have charge of^the re
freshment table, and Mrs. J. Goddard
Clark and the Misses Little will assist.
Mrs. E. E. Bryant and Mrs. Hoyt,
with a bevy of assistants, will take
charge of ihe art table.
Mrs. G. F. Beveridge . will have
charge of the lemonade table, and
Mrs. John T. Dare and her assistants
will have charge of home-made cake3
and delicacies.
Mrs. Philip Caduc is the able and
efficient president of the Twenty Min
ute Society. Her painstaking and suc
cessful efforts have made her famous
and she receives letters from all parts
of the United States concerning the
work and organization of this* popu
lar society. Mrs. G. W. Kline is the
treasurer. <
SAX FRANCISCO CHILDREN"
HONOR FINE OLD PATRIOT
The Members of the Valentine Holt
Society Erect a Monument on the
Grave 'of a Soldier.
The Valentine Holt Society of the
Children of the American Revolution,
a San Francisco organization, brought
Into existence mainly through the ef
forts of Mrs. S. Isabelle Hubbard,
prominent in the work of the Daugh
ters of the .American Revolution, de
cided some months ago to collect a
sufficient sum of money to be used in
erecting a monument over the grave
of Valentine Holt, a patriot of the
American Revolution, for whom the
society was named, in Hampshire Hills"
Cemetery, Mercer, Somerset Coun
ty, Me.: /
Valentine. Holt, who was born in
Andover, Mass., in 1763, was^one of
the juvenile ' patriots, who, at the - age
of 14, offered his services to the Revo
totionary army and he was enlistedas
a ■ messenger to carry dispatches.- ; He
acted in that capacity in a number, of
important battles . and ' proved 'a most
trustworty boy. He was- honorably
mustered out when almost"*]. 7 years of
age after haying taken part in ; several
battle's:: He' died; in; Mercer in^1840.
NEWJIAIT & LEVINSON.
The patriotism he displayed so en
deared him to the children of the San
Francisco Society that they deter
mined to honor his memory.
The monument, which was recently
placed in position through the assist
ance of Eunice Farnsworth Chapter,
Daughters of the American Revolu
tion, of Skowhegan, Me., is a slab of
hammered granite, having in the cen
ter a bronze plate bearlng^the follow
ing Inscription:
VALENTINE HOLT.
A Soldier of the American Revolution,
1763-1840.
Erected by the Valentine Holt
Society of the
Children of the American Revolution of
San Francisco, Cal.
One of the descendants of Valentine
Holt Is Gertrude Holt Lof thouse of
Los Angeles, a member of the society
name^l. She is his great-great-grand
daughter.
BENEFIT FAIR ATTRACTS
CROWD TO CENTURY HALL
Women and Children Help to Swell
Proceeds for St. Stephen's Mis-'
< sion, Belvedere.
The fair given yesterday afternoon
.at Century Hall far the benefit of St.
Stephen's Mission, Belvedere, proved a
success. The hall was crowded with
women and children, who made the
rounds of the different booths and
bought up the various articles that
were being sold. A" select musical pro
gramme was given.
/The following ladies were in attend
ance at_the booths: Fancy.booth- — Mrs.
E. Scott, Mrs. James Stewart, Mrs.
John H. Phillips, Mrs. M. B. Wallach;
candy booth— Miss Lucy Beede, Miss
Sarah Scott, Miss Belle Robbins, Miss
Lorraine Cerf, Miss Helen Scott, Miss
Eleanor Gassa way, Miss Hazel Scott
and Miss Clara Crumpton; grabbag
and games booth— Mrs. Mialliard, Mrs.
Hellman, Mrs. Hall, Mrs. J. W. E. 1 Ed
wards and Mrs. G. G. Berendgl; rug
booth— -Mrs. H. F. Tracy/ahd Mrsr.W.
E. Tracy; tea booth— Mrs! ' C. E.
Holmes, Mrs. T. V. O'Brien, Miss
Helen Arnett and Miss Gertrude
Holmes, ; icecream booth— Mrs. Edgar
M: ; Wilson, Miss Maud Wilson and Miss
Anita v Mialliard ; : ; lemonade booth—
Miss Lulu Conblley and Miss Gertrude
V.,Gabbs.v :
Music at the Park.
The foliowing programme will be
render«d by the Golden Gate Park
Band this afternoon: March, "Victor"
(Arthur Pryor) ; overture, "Light Cav
alry" (Suppe) ; waltz, "La Soiree" (J. S.
Nathan); solo for flute (selected), Sig-
A. Lombardo; grand fantastic. "Mefis
tofele" /<Boita); "Slav March"
(Tschaikowsky) ; ' (a) "Pan-Amer
icana." descriptive (Herbert), (b)
caprice, "A Lesson in Flirtation," from
"The Strollers" (Englander): selec
tion, "King Dodo" (Luders) ; "Minuet"
(Paderewski); "Albion," fantasie on
English, Irish and Scotch airs (Baet
ens).
Carnival and Ball
, Next Wednesday night Britannia
Lodge Xo. 7 of the Order of the
Daughters of St. George will give a
paper carnival and ball in Scandia
Hall on City Hall avenue. The com
mittee in charge is composed of E.
Gcss, S. Hagen, Ruth Meadows, F.
f^-DON'T LET YOUR
¥^ HAIR TURN GRAY !
Have you experienced that horror with which men> and women be-
come possessed of at the first discovery of that dreaded grray streak
in the hair that they always cared for and prized so much? The
woman with social ambitions knows what a tower of ,- strength the
Youthful Appearance of her hair is to her. and that its turning to
that hue which spells old age means so much lost In every way that
.. she will be pleased to read of
Mrs. Net* tie Harrison's
.4-Day Hair Restorer
Price, $1.00 a Bottle.
One Application rS£E at My Parlor*..
An absolutely certain restorer of the former color of the hair. And
men also, who have read lately the determination taken by big cor-
porations to hire nobody over 35 and keep none over 50. and who
know that gray hair means old hair and old hair means old age will
heed this portentous sign of the times and try to keep themselves
looking young. The 4-Day Hair Restorer Bestors*, and does it ta
Only Four Says. It is a healthy, clean • application that will not soil
or leave a sediment.,. It is not sticky and will not prevent the hair
from curling, is easily applied and cannot to* detected. .For sale by
. all first-class druggists and manufactured by
MRS. NETTIE HARRISON, Dermatologist,
140 Geary St.. San franclsco. Cal. 13 W. 27ta St.. V*w Tori.
Beauford, O. C. Muhlner, F. Norrinff
ton, B. Goss, J. Booth. R. C. Findley."^
A. J. Cotton, L. Coghill. H. McHenry.
E. Mosely. M. Creba, H. Richens. E.
Campe, B. Foster and J. G. Davis, D.
D. W. G. P., who have made arrange
ments for one of the most pleasant so
cials that this lodge has ever given.
To Retain Ferry Postofflee.
Postmaster General Wynne has ap
pointed Postmaster FIsk. H. P. Thrall
and H. B. Hall a committee to exam
ine into and report upon the neces
sity for continuing the postofflce station
at the ferry depot after completion
and occupancy of the new post office
building at Seventh and Mission
streets. It is believed that the com
mittee will report favorably to the re
tention of a station* at the ferry for
the accommodation of the business
community. Mr. Thrall having re
signed from the service, his assistant.
Mr. Stevens, will take his place upon
the committee.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
2122
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
• JOI1X I). SPItECKKLS Proprietor
ADDRESS ALL COMMUNICATIONS TO
JOHN* McXAUGHT £~ • 3Ianager
rUEL7^ATIO>rOFFICi:T7 THIRD AND MARKET STREETS. SAN FRANCISCO
SUNDAY DECEMBER 4. 1904
POINTERS ON PUBLICITY.
OF to-day's issue of The Sunday Call there were printed more
than 89.000 copies, the high-water mark in the history of
the paper, and an increase of 6000 over the circulation of
October, 1903. Of this grand total not more than I per cent
.will be covered by office files, leftovers from agents, etc., so that
fully 88.000 copies go into legitimate channels of distribution, rep
resenting to the advertiser a potent, far-reaching factor in the suc
cessful exploitation of his business, varying in value according to
the kind of enterprise engaged in. r ~
The Call has always been a paper for the homes, with limited
street and train sales, but circulating to an almost exclusive degree
in the homes of the cultured element. The superiority of the liter
ary features of its Sunday magazine section over that of any other
California daily and the excellence of its art pictures have brought
to it the generous and general support of people of intelligent
discrimination. It is these special features of The Call's distribu
tion which, the careful buyer of advertising space must take into
consideration when securing a medium to place his goods in the
public eye. For any article used in the home there is no paper
published in this city which can offer better values than The Call
in advertising space, and no paper which can show so large a
circulation in that portion of the community which constitutes the
fixed and reliable patronage of the retail trade. For the faker and
get-rich-quick promoter and the unscrupulous advertiser offering
bargains in his advertisements which he does not give in his store,
The Call must necessarily prove an unsatisfactory organ of pub
licity, but for the legitimate tradesman it is without a peer. -
In this issue is produced a sworn statement of the Daily and
Sunday circulation of The Call during the month of October. This
must merit the attention of all advertisers. ,
The Call does not claim to have the largest circulation in mere
numbers of any paper of the West, but it does claim to possess a
type cf circulation the most uniform in character of any Western
daily, which, from the standpoint of the advertiser, is deemed most
desirable. The circulation books of The Call are wide open to the
legitimate advertiser wishing to patronize its columns.
THE BALLOT IN COLORADO.
THE news dispatches from Colorado have given but little in
formation about the actual condition of affairs there. Governor
Peabody has been represented as intending to do violence to
the law in order to retain his office by force. The actual condition
as shown by the Denver press is that Governor Peabody is not
doing anything. The Federal courts have jurisdiction of offenses
against the franchise committed at elections when members of Con
gress and Presidential Electors are chosen. The Federal court in
Denver has assumed this jurisdiction and already twenty-six accused
people are under arrest, one of them being a woman voter. This
batch all belong to the local Democratic machine, but it is not
probable that all the frauds were committed by the members of one
party. When the courts get through with the large number of
cases brought before them, it will be known who was legally elected
Governor, and not before.
It is not remarkable that Governor Peabody suffered politically
for his effort to maintain order in Colorado. What he did there
was done before his time in Idaho by Governor Steunenberg, a
Democrat and a very able man. His enforcement of the law and
protection of life and property by drastic means was necessary
to prevent anarchy in the State, but his action retired him from
politics. Instead of his being renominated, as the Colorado Repub
licans renominated Peabody, it will not even permit him to be a
delegate to a county convention, putting its ostracism of him ex
pressly upon the ground that he enforced the law.
If it prove that Peabody is legally defeated, yet it Is improbable
that the disorderly conditions with which he had to deal will ever
return to Colorado, so that the State will enjoy the peace he pro
cured, though it refuse him recognition for compelling order out
THE ARBITRATION MASS MEETING.
TO-MORROW evening there will be held in the Temple Emariu-
El a mass meeting, pledged to the purposes of international
arbitration. At the instance of the Pacific Coast branch of
the American Conference on International Arbitration, and under
the auspices of some of the most prominent men of affairs in
California, this meeting is called to the end that the West may
co-operate with similar movements in the East, looking to the sanc
tion by the Senate of existing arbitration treaties ready for con
firmation, and the promulgation of other and similar peace pacts.
Governor Pardce is to occupy the chair; the presidents of the
two leading CaWornia universities, the Judges of the United States
Gircuit Courts and well-known speakers of the community are
to outline the aims of the assemblage and plead the cause of arbi
tration. By the weight and dignity of the programme announced
it may be seen that the campaign to be inaugurated here pn the
coa?t has the inspiration and active indorsement of those best
calculated to judge of the trend of public affairs and to initiate new
measures of governmental action. Unanimity of sentiment on their
part \v«Ii direct the sentiment of the State.
With die coming session of the Senate there will be made
a decision which will be permanent in its effect. Already there
await for Senate ratification arbitration treaties with Great Britain,
France and Mexico; Germany has signified its willingness, even
its anxiety, to be a party to similar action, and there are other
diplomatic negotiations to the same end under way. In Europe
the movement toward arbitration has been no less spontaneous and
general. If our Senate confirm this humanitarian policy the cause
throughout the whole family of nations will be given strong impetus.
Now that the United States has taken definite place, almost a con
trolling place, in the. councils of the world, it is imperative upon
our country to act in the forefront of advanced international legis
lation.
INSTRUCTING IMMIGRANTS.
IX his recently published book, "Imported Americans," Broughton
Brandenburg reveals some new and significant facts on the meth
ods employed by aliens for gaining admission to this country un
der evasion of the immigration laws. For the purposes of making
a special study of the phase of Italian immigration, Mr. Brandenburg
went to Italy, there became intimate with a family of peasants
which was making preparations to transfer their household gods
to America, and. as one of them, came over in the steerage and
passed through the tortuous channels of Ellis Island. His informa
tion thus gained by experience is instructive.
The first and most striking fact which impressed the author was
that the immigrants as a body believed that they would "have to
pay some moiiey to somebody" to gain admission to the promised
land of their desires. Fraud seemed to them to be obligatory; brib
ery the only lubricant for making smooth the wheels of passage.
Even those that had clear entrance to the country were wont to
make assurance doubly sure by trickery. This, because throughout
the whole of Italy the impression was sedulously sown by knavish
traffickers upon the peasants' ignorance that it was necessary to be
schooled and coached in the ritual of inspection so that the officers
at the New York immigration bureau might be easily duped into
allowing admittance to those otherwise failing in, requirements.
Mr. Brandenburg makes the assertion that in Naples a school
of this kind exists which has the moral support, at least,; of the
'♦alian Bureau of Emigration and the Emigrant Coneress. a nrivat.V
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. DECEMBER 4, 1904.
STATEMENT OF CIRCULATION
' THE SAN FRANCISCO CALtT'
, MONTH OF OCTOBER, 1904
i. 62,175 12...... 62,670 23...... 89,210
2 87,960 13. ..;... 63,690 24 -62,325
3 62,650 14 62,685 25......" 02,085
4-- 62,310 15 62,660 26^ 62,315
5...... 62,990 16...... 89,310 27 * 62,570
6 62,360 17 62,125 28...... 62,040
7 61,720 18. 62,340 29 . 61,980
8 61,415. jo....... 62.105 30 89,040
9 88,590 20 62,130 31 >;.'.,. 62,075
10. ..... 62,075 21 62,740
11 62,630 22 ...... 62.580 Total. ...2,065.550
STATE OF CALIFORNIA. I
CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO. Sss.
Personally appeared before me, William T. Hess, a Notary Public in and
for the city and county aforesaid, W. J. Martin, who. being sworn according
to law declares that he is the Business Manager of The San Francisco Daily
Call, a daily newspaper published in the City and County of San Francisco,
State of California, and that there were printed and distributed during the
month of October, 1904, two million and sixty-flve thousand, five hundred and
fifty (2,065,550) cdpies of the said newspaper, which number divided by thirty
one (the number of days of issue) gives an average daily circulation of 66,630.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 2d day of December, 1904,
\ W. T. HESS,
Notary Public In and for the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California, Room
1015, Claus Spreckels Building.
society fostering emigration, and that it carries on the business
openly and without let or hindrance from the Government. He
quotes resolutions of this society, voicing the accord of its members
in "the necessity of instructing the emigrant."
In the light of these facts, which must be known to our Govern
ment, but which admit of no direct remedial measures, it is not
surprising that fraud on the part of immigrants weakens the effi
ciency of our immigration bureau.
FOR PURER FOOD.
BEGINNING with the new year the Department of Agriculture
is to inaugurate a new and vigorous campaign against the im
portation of adulterated foods from foreign countries. Acting
under the provisions of an act passed by Congress a year ago, Secre
tary Wilson has ready for promulgation an order making it obliga
tory upon all foreign producers of foodstuffs designed for the Amer
ican trade to provide upon the labels of the same an accurate and
complete statement of the quantity and kind of preservatives, color
ing matter or adulteratives contained in the goods offered for im
portation. Failure to abide by this new law will, of course, lay the
manufacturer open to the confiscation of his wares.
Though the enforcement of this act commits us to picking the
mote out of our brothers' eye while ignoring the beam that is in our
own, it may be welcomed' as the beginning of an agitation which
will certainly be prosecuted among our domestic food manufac
turers with equal vigor as soon as the initiative of the Department
of Agriculture gathers strength by practice. Discrimination against
foreign products is not the spirit of the programme for pure food.
From Germany and France have come repeated warnings in the
matter of the adulteration of American meats and fruits — warnings
which have been heeded by the interested parties on this side even
without Government admonition. The vigorous measures which the
Department at Washington has taken against foreign adulterated
foodstuffs will serve as a forcible hint to domestic producers and re
forms will be made, doubtless, before. the second step in the pro
gramme directs itself nearer home.
All of this will have its salutary effect upon the discrimination of
the consumer. The campaign for pure food has found its most
persistent opponent to be the indifference, of the people themselves.
When, however, the careless householder may read on the label of his
French peas that they were colored with copper, or finds that his
sardines are floating in cottonseed oil, he must, if he is not very
careless indeed, begin to sense convictions in the matter of eating
wholesome and unadulterated food.
MARRIAGE A RAFFLE.
WE must look to the West, the country of the wide horizon, for
novelties. The East has no closed season for Cupid and his
arrow and its open season for v divorce is well patronized.
There marriage is a lottery and the losers get into court while the
winners keep still. The philanthropist and the philosopher, the hus
band and the wife, discuss in public the issue of matrimony. One
lady imparting to matrons the ways and means of managing a hus
band says, "Feed the brute." A man talking to men about marrying
a wife says, "Clothe the bird in plumage gay and take her to the
theater once a week."
The discussion never ends. People rush into matrimony under
a bell of roses and rush out of it through the "divorce court, and are
glad and sorry by turns. But all this*has become commonplace and
it has been left for a citizen of the somber city of Tombstone; Ari
zona, to strike out an original path into the state of matrimony. He
has put himself up at a raffle. His advertisement describes him as a
valuable piece of conjugal property. The tickets are $1 each. The
whole number must be sold before the drawing. The money goes
into a trust fund to be used in setting up housekeeping after the
lucky lady draws the prize and leads him to the altar of sacrifice.
He gallantly puts no age limit on the ticket buyers and binds himseif
to deliver himself, bound hand and foot, as it were, to the holder of
the winning ticket.
His plan is original and suggestive. American ladies of fortune
have for some time showed a desire to marry foreign titles. There
are not enough first-class titles in the market to go around and meet
the demand. Why not in\»ke the assistance of the Goddess of
Chance and put up a good title at a raffle? This will give the girls
all a show, and it will involve a guarantee of the soundness of the
title. Some have been led to marry handsome men claiming to be
titled, who turned out to be membersof the entirely respectable guild
of barbers, and there have been .heartaches and headaches in con
sequence. Let a real Duke offer himself in a raffle, with the cer
tificate of a searcher of that, he is "the real Peruvian dough
nut," and such grievous accidents/ will not happen.
THE' PRESS OF THE NATION.
By common consent the new battleship New Jersey will be assigned to
the mosquito fleet.-— Chicago Tribune.
A Jersey man got married and then re-enlisted in the army, which indi
cates that he is far frdm being a hero.— New York Herald.
Eye-witnesses of the Caesar Young shooting will soQn be as plentiful as
George Washington's body servants.— Philadelphia North American.
The story that the battleship ; t Georgia was to be christened with some
thing stronger than champagne turns out to be all moonshine.— Chicago
Tribune. ! ..
From the size of the Roosevelt plurality in; Utah it looks like most of
President Joseph Smith's children/ voted the Republican ticket.- — Atlanta
Journal; . -~ . . '.:' ./" ■ : .
"My experience," declares the Bishop of Southwark.vis that all England
is profoundly religious." But he may have meant belligerent.— Philadelphia
North American. . . . ».'.
A subscription started in St.: Petersburg, in aid of the Hull /victims of the
Baltic fleet; has, so; far"; netted. $6 '15J r , And somebbdy ; would better watch even
thot."_i3Hiiodelnhla. North American. - .'■-.■:■ ■'■' .,'-.- ...
PERFECT EQUIPMENT
AND SERVICE WILL
END RAIL DISASTERS
Editor The Call— I would like to say
a few words in reply to the old fire
man, L. H. Herald of Sonora, in The
Call a few days ago. He says, as an
old fireman, he thanks you for your
editorial of recent date on rail dis
asters and he is right— your ideas on
that subject are food for thought for
all railroad managers and men In rail
road work.
However, when Herald makes the
statement that railroad superintend
ents keep men in their employ Just
because .they (the men) are jolly good
fellows who rely on their luck instead
of merit for success, he shows in that
one sentence why, he is still an old
fireman instead of an up-to-date. Jolly,
good engineer.
I^Iiave been In the railway service
for~n!neteen years and I have never yet
seen the man who did his work well
and. faithfully who failed to stand well
with the superintendent, and I have
found, too, that the jolly, good fellows
were generally the brightest and best
men for their places and a wave of the
hand or a pleasant smile did not take
their minds off their work for a mo
ment.
The condition .of men in train ser
vice to-day, as compared with twenty
years ago, certainly shows them in a
class by themselves in the labor world
and In progress."
The traveling public has the train
men . to thank for most of the comfort
and safety it enjoys to-day. It is the
train man who has always insisted on
the betterment of the laws for his own
and the public's safety and I think, if
the owners and managers of railroads
would work more for perfect equip
ment and better service and less profit
for a few years, the terrible accidents
and loss of life we read of every day
would soon be a thing of the past.
The subject is too great to be handled
properly in this short letter, but the
public can rest assured the train men
stand ready and willing to help capital
bring about the proper • conditions.
When too much is asked of human na
ture accidents will happen. .
W. H. EDWARDS.
City, November 30.
NO CRIME IF YOU
BEAT REST A URANT
You may, according to a declsionjren
dered at Jersey City by Police Justice
Higgins in the case of Edward Waters,
help yourself to what you want in any
restaurant. The magistrate says It is
no crime for a hungry man to go into
a restaurant and then refuse to pay for
the food served him.
HE MADE LOVE
TO S TORE D UMMY
It was James Lister's affectionate in
clinations that brought him Into trouble
at Cleveland the other day. He was
brought into the Police Court on com
plaint of Max Englander, a Loral n
street clothier. The charge was plain
drunk.
Englander said that while in front of
his store enjoying the evening breeze he
was astounded and horrified to perceive
Lister advance from the street and
place his arms about the waist of Eng
lander's clothing dummy. Too amazed
to move, Englander says that he stood
helpless while Lister embraced
dummy repeatedly, giving vent the
while to loving sentiments.
When at last he was able to summon
his energies to resist the attack of Lis
ter, Englander shouted for the police.
Lister pleaded not guilty. His wife
appeared in court with her small baby
and pleaded for his release. It was
finally granted by Judge Whelan after
a lecture to the amorous Lister.
PAPER CLOTHING
IS THE LATEST
A London wholesale haberdashery
concern has introduced a species of pa
per undersuits and hosiery, samples of
which are now bein^ shown in the New
York markets. These goods are offered
at popular prices and 'save laundry
bills. Japanese paper handkerchiefs are
selling mere freely than formerly., /A
specially constructed "wallet" is on sale
to go with them. Separate divisions are
provided for clean and soiled kerchiefs,
the latter being burned.
THE NEW SER VANT
"Yos, mum; everything.".
"How many nights out do you
"No, mum."
"How ortcn will you scrub the
kitchen?"
! Twice A w eek."
"And wash the windows?"
"Every Friday."
"Builrl n. fresh fire every morning ?"
J "Yes. mum."
"Do -you dislike children?"
"No, mum."
"How long, were you in your last
place?"
"Four years."
"Why did; you leave?"
"The people w*ent to Europe."
"How much wages do you want?" '
"Eight dollars a month."
"When can you come?"
"To-morrow."
Juct then .1 keeper from the insane
asylum rushed in shouting: "Oh, there
you. are!" bound her hand and foot
and carried her . off bodily. — Chicago
Record-Herald." ■
The Telephone Ear.
A peculiar development of the sense
of h'earing : has been discovered as be
ing the result of the use of th.3 tele
phone. Most people when using the
instrument hold the receiver to the
left ear because it comes more natural
to adjust the mouthpiece with thi* ri^ht
hand. S^o it happens that from an ex
tensive: use of the telephone the- hear
ing of the left- ear is sharpened at the
expense of the right. • In the majority
of cases the difference between tne two
Is not very /great, but in some ueraon.s
it is alarmingly so- .The sensitive
nerves are so ~ irritated by the 3ound
coming directly on them, and in a tons
which ■ is strange, that it /sets up a re- :
actionj which ,: has < a cumulative effeci
and uosets them.
FALLING IN LOVE A PROCESS
OF INDIVIDUAL SELECTION
BY DOROTHY FENIMORE.
THE theory that men souls and
women souls were made in com
panion pieces, each pair unlike
every other pair, and intended to
go together, is very pretty. It
furnishes romance with one more
decorative prop. It makes you and
me feel that we were honored by the
personal touch of a master hand.
Nor is "It such a bad theory to put
into practice — after marriage. It can
be used to advantage in strengthening
nuptial vows. In engagements it
would be equally serviceable. If
fiances were to believe universally that
together they stand and divided they
fall, because a shining fate has so or
dained ft, . less money would be spen^
on express charges for the return of
betrothal presents.
The trouble is this theory will not
stand the test of time and experience.
Its colors come out in wash, salt in
the water notwithstanding. Fact
proves its fallacy. It is one of the po
lite lies of our civilization, pleasant to
speak and hear, useful for, occasion,
but deceptive — no more to be trusted
than thin ice.
WHEN MAN COMMUNES WITH NATURE
Cjpfi MAN sat by the babbling brook,
II \\ He sought the forest's cooling shada,
/ A He pondered in the quiet nook.
IS l> For peace dwelt in this leafy grl&da;
And why, then, did he linger there?
His heart was wrung with wild despair-
The voice of man was here unknown.
He talked with Nature's voice alone:
"Why was I born, would I could die!**
The rippling waters heard him cry.
The gurgling streamlet still flowed on.
With gleeful bound went on its way:
But words sound from its tinkling tongua
The tortured stranger heard it »ay:
"For every man God hath some uae.
.Then why evade the world's abusa?
My duty to all men is known;
I oft flow o'er the rugged stone. >
Yet. on, my courage daunted not
The seething sea I haste to meet.
Where many isles its bosom dot
And stately ships my presence greet;
I help to carry commerce on,
I make the nations proud and strong, /
And many gems of worth I bide
Beneath my dark and rolling tide."
From out the forest's silent deeps.
The whistling wind now rises hlsh.
And as It o'er the tree-tops creeps
The wood is Hooded with Its cry—
"I fill the vessel's spreading sail.
Propel it when men's efforts fall.
At times I rouse the sleeping storm.
And bid the smooth sea turn to foam;
When hot the air and calm the sea. ,-.:.
The baffled sailors pray for me."
The forest then with rustling leaves
Its song of cheer to all men sang:
The song came softly on" the breeze.
And through the air its sweet notes rang:
"I help to build the home of man;
And comfort bring to all I can:
The ship doth profit by my aid.
And much of wealth to man I gave."
"Why list to more." the stranger said
As toward the town he made his way,
"Why fear the sting or man's scorn dread?
The world shall know me from this day."
And from that time rang forth his fame,
And men spoke highly of his name;
As mighty waves it rose on high.
To roll and roll, but never die. —Brooklyn Eagl*.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
DA UK DAY— Subscriber. Oakland.
Cal. What is called the "dark day of
England" was on January 12. 1679. It
was so dark that at noon it was im
possible for any -one to see to read, ex
cept by artificial' light.
SAN FRANCISCO DIMES— P. S..
Oakland. Cal. In 1894 there were coined
but twenty-four dimes in the branch
Mint in San Francisco. Coin collectors
have offered a premium. for such, and
for such only of that date. • • •
MARRIAGE — B.. City. Individuals,
not names, are married. If parties
marry under assumed names they as
sume the responsibility and the time
may come when it might require a
great deal of explanation and possibly
a legal interpretation to establish the
fact that the parties were legally mar
ried. Marriage is not a crime and peo
ple who marry ought not to have any
desire to conceal their identity when
marrying.
SHAVING — -Subscriber. City. There
is no; certainty as to when the custom
of shaving the hair from the face
of man was first adopted. History
says that shaving was introduced
among the Romans about 300 years be
fore Christ. In the first verse of the s
fifth chapter of Ezekiel. Old Testa
ment, there is: "And thou, son oilman.
tike thee a sharp knife, take thee a
It is certainly not fair, when we
know better, to teach young people
that their hearts are like sleeping
princesses, which only one person in all
the wide world has power to awaken.
Why. every time they felt a thrill of
sentimental life they would be certain
the appointed hour had come for them
to sit up, rub the sleep out of their
eyes and follow whither their emotion,
heaven-sent, might lead them.
The idea is like a painted egg3hell
that has been blown, good to look at,
but nothing in it.
The distinction la not made clear
enough to the young that love and lov
ing are quite different things. Love is
the emotion one gets from the attrac
tion of another personality. Loving 1
means the mental and spiritual accept
ance of another human being for bet
ter or for worse. Furthermore, love
does wake up the heart as the fairy
prince woke up the sleeping beauty in
the fairy tale. But It comes aa an im
pulse.' and not as a person. In other
words It comes from within, asd not
from without.
Falling in lore is a process of In
dividual selection, and not the result of
some mysterious external force. A
lover cannot tell his sweetheart why
he loves her. But he would have no
difficulty in defining why he does not
love any other woman of his acquaint
ance .whom one might name. He has
found a woman whose nature is a
complement of his own. But this does
not make him a puppet in the hands
of fate. In loving he has not lost an
lota of his personality, or of his in
dividual freedom. If he had not met
her, he would have met some one else
who suited him as well.
I do not wish to destroy that kite
called sentiment. It is a joyous toy.
and better fitted than I am, in my
present form, for flying close to heav
en. But any kite, in order to be good,
must have a leng enough tall on it to
keep it steady after it goes up above
the housetops and into the wind. Thus,
the best piece of sentiment ever mada
is better for a few facts tied to it aa
ballast.
Here are my facts: Whoever falls
in love does it on his own responsibil
ity. We do not fall in love because we
have to, but because we want to. Yet
we are not wholly to blame for the
mistakes we make. We wera taught
to worship before a wanton little god
with bow and arrow. # A man's life
shows a man's love. He cannot lovo
honorably without living honorably.
He cannot love wisely unless he has
either inherited or cultivated, common
sense.
barber's razor, and cause it to pass
upon thy head and upon thy beard,"
ST. LOUIS CARS— F. D., City. In
the city of St. Louis, so says a well
known Californlan who recently re
turned from that place, there are in
the street cars compartments for white
and black. The white people are not
permitted to ride In the compartment
set aside for black people and black
peopla are not permitted to ride in the
compartment set aside for whites. The
same rule prevails in almost every
Southern city.
INTERNATIONAL. CODE — A Call
Reader, City. The "blue Peter." a
small blue flag with small white
square center, known in the inter
national signal code as "P." when
hoisted to the foremast truck of any
vessel is a signal that, unless by reason
of some unforeseen circumstance, the
vessel will sail from port within twen
ty-four hours. Thia is used for that
purpose only in the merchant marine.
Townsend'a California Glace fruits la
artistic fire-etched boxrs. ?l&«Markei au*
This week beat gold eyeglasses, specs.
20c to 50c (sold in store $3-St>. at 7'J 4th.
front of celebrated Oyster Restaurant. •
Special Information supplied dally to
business bouses and public men by th*
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 30 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •MR. DOOLEY
ON THE SIEGE OF PORT SRTHUR
aHMH«B HIM poor la-ads in Port
qq H Arthur must be havin' a
! j tur-rble time." said Mr.
**> Hennessy.
"Ye niver can tell." said
Mr. Dooley. "Iv coorse it looks as though
they were. Ivry day or two whin Port Ar
thur hasn't fallen no mo.re or is laid up
fr'm th' last tall. I read in th' pa-apers that
th" corryspondint iv th' London Fudge, a
highly onprejudiced obsarver or liar sta
tioned at Chefoo has larned fr'm a Chiny
man who has jus' arrived fr'm Pekin on
a junk that th'^conditions is something
that wurruds cannot describe. Says he:
'Th' conditions at Port Arthur ba e de
scription an' stagger th' imagination. On'y
fourteen iv th' original defenders survive
an' they ar-re rayjooced to skeletons. They
live in underground caves an' cook their
Santa Claus and tbe Christmas angel
REV. J. FUEXDEMNG.
ORGANIZATION FOR FREE LIBRARY DEVELOPMENT
"«T 'HOT -jrHAT is the supreme
J& § deficiency in Call
\§L 1 # fornia's free li-
J^J^ brary interests? In
one word, organ
ization.
When the constitution of 1&3 was
fraraecV. in none of its provisions was
the zea! of the pioneers more clearly
ehoxvn than in the article concerning
education. By it the Le^slatuie was
required to establish and provide for
the support of a system of common
schools to be maintained in every dis
trict at least sis months in every year.
The cor.stitutic-n of 1879 further rec
ognized and emphasized the paramount
importance of liberal educational facili
ties by »/rdainin?r that the University
uf California shall constitute a public
tiuirt and be perpetually continued in
the form prescribed through the or
ganic act of its creation. ' In other ways
too numerous to mention the people of
California have i manifested their relief
boots on explodin' bombs dhropped in be
th' Japanese. Las' week Gin'ral Blinko
vitch shot an' kilt Gin'ral Bejeeski in a
quarrel over a bar iv soap which th' for
mer was atin' fr lunch. Gin'ral Stoessel
has lost both arms, a leg an' the right ear,
but he is still cheerful an' las' night had his
fur overcoat cooked an' sarved at a dinner
to th' oiHcers iv th' Probijienky reg'mint.
He proposed a toast to th' impiror in kero
sene. Th* toast was subsiquintly devoured
be th' famished garrison. None iv th' gar
rison sleep at, night much on account iv th'
heejous roar iv th' Jap'nese shells, which
are dhropped into th' town at th' rate iv
wan millyon a day. Me informant tells me,
an' he's a man whose wurrud I wud accipt
as soon as me own, that th' ships in th'
harbor have been convarted into junk,
which must not be confused with th' Chi
nese boats iv th' same name. As fast as
they ar-re destroyed they ar-re eaten be th'
crew. It is no uncommon sight to see a
starvin' Russian sailor divin' in th' harbor
f'r a castiron bolt or some such toothsome
morsel. Th' intilUgent Chinyman who
brought me th' news escaped just as th'
cook fr Gin'ral Stoessel was about to put
him in th' oven. Th' Chinese are great
sticklers f'r preservin' their identity afther
death, an* this man nachrally didn't like to
gine his ancesthors in *th' shape iv chop
sooey. Altogether th' condition iv Port
Arthur is worse thin ye'er readers cud im
agine an' almost as bad as they cud hope.
Th' Port Arthur Daily Melojeen, th' on'y
paper now published there, has a long kick
in th' last issue about delinquent subscrib
ers. It is headed 'Meanin' You.' an' goes
on to say that th' iditor an' his wife mus'
live, that they have jus' moved into a new
dugout an' that if th' cash is not forth
comin' he will be obliged to mintion names.'
"'An' that's what I can't understand, Hin
nissy. How is it, d'ye suppose, that if Port
Arthur is so bad off, they can have a daily
paper? Th' man that runs it must be a
gr-rcat journalist. I wudden't like to give
up me paper. It's all I have in life. But if
I was as thin as an empty hen-cocp an' had
just devoured me las' collar, an' if I knew
that I wudden't make aven a dacint muss if
a Jap'nese shell hit me, but wud look like
BY THE REV. J. FUENDELING, Pastor St. Mark's German Lutheran Church.
"^ "■HT ~W" HO does not- like
/%' i to wal^ among the
\ I \ I brilliantly lighted
J™- -AJL stores when Christ
mas is approach
ing? Still better, IMike to take a stroll
when the stores are closed and most
people have gone to their homes.
Solemnly the light of the stars is
shining down on both palaces and
huts. All seems to be quiet, but let
us listen with the most inner emo
tions of our heart and we will hear
sweet sounds. Even it seems as if we
can hear accelerating steps. Is it
possible the Christmas angel, fol
lowed by Santa Claus, is on his
round? Soon they will pass me Santa
Claus, however, is not surrounded by
a glorious heavenly light, as is the
Christmas angel. Buthis face beams
with a kindness most benignant to the
heart.
My whole soul was filled with the
} desire to make a nearer acquaintance
with these heavenly messengers.
Such wishes are indeed fascinating,
but they must not contain any com
mon inclinations. It is a pity most
of mankind are ignorant of this fact
and therefore extinguish the flames of
their enthusiasm that would be able
to melt the gates of heaven.
Santa Claus and his companion
walked quietly along. At last I took
courage and touched old Santa Claus
on the arm.
in the overwhelming value of education,
broad, deep, rich.
The natural results of such ardent
interest have followed and the school
system c-f the State has-been strongly
and admirably organized. A State
Board of Education, a State superin
tendent, a county Board of Education
and a county superintendent in every
county, and a board of district trustees
in every district supervise and control
every item of annual expenditure . rt.
millions of dollars and provide for the
development of every feature of school
life.
But little prior to the time of the
adoption of the first "California con
etitution in 1£49, another educational in
fluence of this age, one destined to ex
pand into importance second only to
the public school,- was slowly .being
created. This was the free public li
brary. If was in March. 1848, that the
Legislature of Massachusetts- passed
the act authorizing the etabllshment
THE, SAN ' FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 4. 1904.
WRITTEN f OR THE CALL BYT. P. DUNNE.
Copyright, 1904, by McClure, Phillips & Co:
SOME OF MR. DOOLEY'S
OBSERVATIONS.
ci pORT^iRTEUR ain't sujfer'm' nearly as had as
XI a?)b about it. It wild prob'bly be th' -place to
spinet th' luinther if ye didn't mind livin' in a
fallen city."
"I've wept me last weep over th' sufferin' iv th' be
sieged. I'll sav? me tears about Port Arthur till all
A man iv me age loses more frinds in a year an'
is in more danger thin a definder iv Port Arthur at
, "Bustin' shells is on'y wan iv th' chances iv life
like pnoomony an' argyin' with a polisman."
"A hungry man won 't fight .excipt for food an'
he'd follow a beefsteak twice as far as he wud th' flag
iv anny Impror or Czar."
a pile iv loose laths an' shavin's struck be
a cyclone, d'ye suppose in thim circum
stances I wud be polite to a man who
come ar-round an' offered me an onyx
clock an' a hatful iv thradin' stamps to sub
scribe to his pa-aper? An' think iv th' idi
tor. What a job! He has aten a pair iv
rubber boots an' washed it down with a pint
iv ink an' he has to gcTout an' collect th'
news on his hands an' knees. Thin he has
to write it up: 'Society Jottings: Oursilves
an' wife attinded a mos' jovyal gathering at
Gin'ral Punspinski's palatchal quarthers in
Bomproof A las' night. Th' jaynial gin'ral
had provided a bountiful repast — a beauti
fully cooked war map, which he had pro
cured at great expinse. Th' Jap'nese ad
vanced positions fell to our lot an' we put
it away with gr'reat "gusto, although if
anny thing there, was too much red ink on it.
Our host was at his best, and th', mornin'
"What is it?" he said, turning his
face toward me.
"Please pardon me. Mr. Santa
Claus," I whispered, taking off my
hat, "would you not have the kindnes3
of allowing me to follow you?"
The Christmas angel halted and
looked at me. I believe he had over
heard my question. He bowed his
head.
"Your wish is granted," said Santa
Claus.
By following them I improved the
opportunity of closely N examining
their I noticed the calm
ness that they, expressed and did not
Jeave unnoticed the humor lurking
about the mouth of Santa Claus. Sud
denly this old gentleman addressed
me, asking. "What are you?"
For a moment I was perplexed,
and answered after a while. "I have
been requested to write -something
for The San Francisco Call."
Santa Claus looked at me sarcas
tically and said:
"Oh, you must feel entirely, unable
to meet such a request. That is the
reason *you have hunted us up. You
will make a good reporter, no doubt."
The Christmas angel by this time
had reached one of our largest toy
stores, whose doors were carefully
bolted. •
"What are you looking for?" I
asked.
of the Boston public library. Moder
ately gaining recognition for a quarter
of a century, this new factor of edu
cational power In, the last thirty
years by leaps and . bounds has come
into its kingdom. -It is the one insti
tution which promotes free public ed
ucation during the entire span of life.
Granting these premises of useful
ness and strength, it Is fair to ask
some questions concerning the organ
ized method for the development) of
these libraries which may have been
adopted by the State of California.
First, is there a State board charged
with the duty of supervising to any ex :
tent or assisting in any manner [' the
creation or the' operation of free public
libraries ?, No. Second, ' is there ; a
State superintendent j or any -other, of
ficer, whose • visits ■ to libraries - may
bring encouragement, 'whose '■ knowl
edge and experience may .Insure largei
success "and ; who \ might f help P 1 in r -t th J
starting: of libraries ' in ; places *~unbro-
• • •
was far advanced befure we reeled home.
Ivrybody agrees an injyable time was had.
There is no war news as th' London pa
apers ar-re onavoidably late an' our corry
spondint is at th' front. Th' nex' time we
sind a corryspondint out with a Rooshan
army we'll sind him to th' rear, where he
can get some news.'
"An'- while he's gettin' th' pa-aper ready
a Jap shell is lible to come through th' roof
iv his office an' pi both him an' th' form so
bad that nayther wan iv thim can be set up
"No, sir, if I ain't far out iv th' way, Port
Arthur ain't sufferin' nearly as bad as I am
about it. It wud prob'bly be th' place to
spind th' winther if ye didn't mind livin' in
a fallen city — a quiet life, conjayniaU peo
ple, comfortable an' safe homes, little wurriik
an' some fightin'. It's always th' same way.
I've wept me last weep over th' sufferin' iv
"We come to inspect the toys."
"But every door is bolted."
Then Santa Claus burst into loud
laughter.
"You are 'indeed a^ poor sort of re
porter." *
The Christmas., angel stepped in
front of the bolted doors and before
I could guess what was going on he
already had entered. Santa Claus was
about to follow him.
"But," exclaimed I, "how can I go
with j'ou? I am no spirit. I cannot
go through the bolted doors." m
"Please, silence, my son," said San
ta Claus, "we will fix that all right.
Give me your hand."
And he took my right hand. Then
it seemed to me as if my spirit left
my body. Plainly I noticed my body
collapsing and falling to the ground.
Already I was entering the store
room in company with Santa Claus.
A splendid light pervaded. This light
ascended from the Christmas angel.
There on high shelves, on broad
counters and even scattered on the
floor, were stored innumerable toys
of all descriptions, /such as soldiers,
drums, guns, large tents, houses, most
expensive doll houses, dolls dressed in
silks and velvets who could walk,
open and close their -eyes and cry
"Mamma." And, besides, engines and
machinery of all proportions — who
can enumerate all these treasures?
Slowly the Christmas angel stepped
from shelf to shelf, from counter "to
vided with them? None whatever.
Have any county boards been Intrusted
with the privilege of helping the peo-"
pie organize and sustain libraries
whose open doors shall continually^ in
vite them to mental recreation and in
struction? Such a possibility appears
never to have ; been broached or ' even
dreamed. Has the State, with breadth
of vision and liberality of purpose equal
to those of the New England States,
provided State aid of $100 or $200 to
each ' local library applying for. help In
the beginning, contingent, be it said,
upon due local support? Again a neg
ative reply must be made.
What then has been done : by the
State in its sovereign capacity to buile
'up "and strengthen th Js great " Instru
ment: for the Improvement "of every
one, 1 young or old, who seeks enlight
enment and mental - power ? The State
has -simply' authorized: the appoint
ment of i local boards ; of library ; trus
tees which t shall ; operate : ; and , srovern
th' besieged. I shed manny tears on ac
count iv th' poor Spanyards in Sandago,
but whin th' American sojers got into th'
town they were almost suffycated be th*
smell iv garlic cookin' with omelettes. I
raymimber how pained I was over .th' dts
perate plight iv th 1 sojers an' diplomats at
Peking. I rushed an army over there.
They kilt Chinymen be th' thousands an' in
th' face iv incredible misstatements fought
their way to th' dures iv th' palace where
their starvin' brothers were imprisoned.
What did they find? They found th' diplo
mats in their shirt sleeves fillin' packin'
cases with th' tindherwear iv th' Chinese
impror an' th' spoons iv th' Chinese im-~
press. Th' air was filled with cries iv 'Hin
nery, won't ye set on this thrunk? I can't
get th' lid down since ye -put in that hate
ful idol.' Th' English- ambassadure was
thryin' on a goold brocaded vest four thou
sand years old. th' French ambassadure was
cratin' up th' impror's libry an' the German
embassy an' gallant officers iv th' Kaiser
were in th' obsarvatory pryin' off th' brass
fittings ivth' tillyscopes.
"So I'll save me tears about Port Arthur
till all th' rayturns are in. I'd like to get
hold iv a copy iv th' Port Arthur Melojeen.
I wondher where I cud subscribe to it. I'd
bet ye'd find it cheerful. 'Yisterdah was un
ivintful. Th' Japs threw a few shells be
fure breakfast an' thin retired. This thing
has got to stop. .Fridah we had a dog
lamed, an' if this occurs again we will ap
peal to th' authorities. Th' Eschemojensky
band give a concert on th' public square an'
manny iv th' townspeople turned out to
hear it. John Smithinski was up befure
Judge Hoganenski on th' familyar charge.
He was sentenced to twinty knouts or fifty
days. Main street is torn up again. How
long will this condition last befure th' peo
ple iv our fair city rise in their might
against th' corruptionists at th' City Hall?
Closin' quotations on th' Port Arthur board
iv thrade: Caviar, sixteen asked, fourteen
bid; candles quiet an' unchanged, with a
fair demand f'r light upland tallow.
, '."Answers to Correspondints — Mayski:
Talie half a pound iv tar/ a "quart iv cookin*
sherry, two pints iv vinegar an' a pound iv
potash an' apply to^th' >face with a paint
brush befure retirin'. ;i . '
counter. The farther he went the
graver and sadder became the expres
sion of his face. His forehead was
covered with clouds and he glanced
down with sorrowful eyes on all these
treasures. Suddenly he stepped for
ward to a small table, whereon a life
sized doll was seated in a beautiful
chair and beside it lay a most beauti
ful trousseau. She stared with her
glassy .eyes into vacant space. All
around her lay large-sized cardboard
boxes containing \ laces, ribbons,
dresses, perfumery and even under
wear, night caps, silk hose, kid gloves,
jewels, 'watches and other ornaments.
Two large tears were rolling down
the cheeks of the Christmas angel and
the face of Santa Claus assumed a
very angry look.
Up to this time the Christmas angel
had remained silent. Now, however,
he began to speak in a very mild tone.
His voice sounded sweeter than the
voifce of the most loving of mothers
expressing her love to her child. And
thus he spoke:
"They are destroying the souls, of
my beloved children. Already the very
smallest of them are brought in con
tact with temptation and are filled
with malice, jealousy and envy toward
one another. Instead of the children
receiving the benefit and pleasure of
dressing their dolls themselves, they
find them fully provided for by
strange hands. Oh. you foolish pa
rents, destroying the most beautiful
inclinations and ideals of vour chil
dren ! ' God has bestowed these upon
our dear little ones, and you, instead
libraries in cities after they have been
established by municipal'' authority.
It also authorizes the support of li
braries by general taxation. The .at
titude of the State has been purely
permissive. Any incorporated city
wishing .■ to ;. have a library . Is empow
ered to create one. . If a city chooses
to be without a library it is, appar
ently, no concern of the State./ By
rio /legislation has it defined it to be
the duty of any official to carry on
the general organization and promo
tion of such educational work. And
yet both State constitutions have pro
vided.that - "a general diffusion ; of
knowledge and intelligence being es
sential to the preservation of the
rights * and liberties of the i people, the
/Legislature shall encourage by all suit
able means the promotion of ' Intellec
tual improvement!"
Meantime, an unofficial body, the
Library Association of California, com
posed of librarians and friends * of ; the
library, cause,' is Incessantly striving to
of bringing them into view, are hiding
and destroying them. Oh, ye fools!"
Santa 'Claus all this while had been
listening intently to the words of the
Christmas angel, but now he feels as
if he must speak himself.
. "Look at all these dolls." he began.
"Do they not resemble the monkey
instead of beautiful woman, as they
are intended to, covered with all their
useless finery? See also those kitch
ens, all ready for use. thus leaving no
room for amusing, and play. In for
mer times'the bread for the dolls was
made by the hands of the little ones,
but now even meat of all kinds is had
for the asking."
And while speaking thus it sounded
as if he was using very harsh words.
At this the Christmas angel turned
and reproached him. v
"Pardon me. can I be blamed for
speaking so. when all* their faith in
me has gone?"
The Christmas angel bowed and
answered: "In every child playing
with a toy, however small it jnay be,
we can notice the drift to originality
in place of the worn-out imitations
which we see daily. Children grow
tired of seeing these artificial toys,
no matter how beautiful they may be,
and after a while they cast them
aside."
In the meantime" Santa Olaus, hav
ing been attracted by the • toy rail
roads, fire engines and electrical cars.
which were displayed on another
counter, roared_put with a loud voice:
"Nothing 'but machines; even our
smallest boys are brought up to
diffuse intelligence of library move
ments, and to awaken a stronger pub
lic interest In library extension. To
further these purposes library , confer
ences are being held from time to time
in different cities. At one of these
meetings, held at Sacramento on No
vember 19, a paper of special worth
and timeliness was presented. It was
entitled "The Value and Work of a
State Library Organizer," and was pre
pared by Inspector W. R. Eastman ot
the New York State Library^ at the re
quest of Joy Ldchtenatein, the president
of the library association.
This paper made clear the exceeding
value of a library organizer's work.'
Ever optimistic. in his pursuit, he must
have breadth of vision, keenness an*i
a genuine love for children — they are
the coming patrons of the library. It
seems as though such an official should
be the possessor of all the graces and
virtues, the , embodiment of manly
strength, capacity and wisdom.
An organizer" a duties are - extensiva.
"'Arthurski Lumleyvitch: No, Arthur, it
is not considered in good form whin walkin'
with a lady to run whin a bomb dhrops in
ye'er neighborhood. Seize ye'er fair cota
panyon be th' elbows an' place her in front
hr ye. Th' rule it all p'lite circles is: "La
dies first." 'V/*':
" Timothyvich K: Jeffreys in th' sicond
round. *
"'Anxious: We don't know/
"Sure, Hinnissy, it's always th' same way.
Wan iv th' strangest things about life is
that it will go on in onfav'rable circum
stances an' go out whin ivrything is aisy.
A man can live an* have a good time no
matther what happens to him that don't kill
him. I lived here ditrin' th' cholery. I
didn't like it, but they was on'y wan other
thing to do an' I didn't care fr that. If
ye're livin' in a town that's bein' bombarded
ye don't like it at first, but afther awhile
ye begin to accomydate ye'ersilf to it, an*
by an' by whin a shell dhrops near ye
while ye're argyin' about th' tariff ye step
aside an* if ye're still there afther th* smoke
is cleared away ye raysume th' argymint.
Ye have to make new frinds, but so ye do
in Chicago. A man iv me age loses more
frinds in a year an' is in more danger thin
a defindcr iv Port Arthur at twenty-wan.
Bustin' shells is on'y wan iv th' chances iv
life, like pnoomony an' argyin' with a
polisman.
"Besides, I bet ye no garrison iver rey
fused to surrinder whin it was starvin' on
less it was afraid th' inimy wud shoot th'
man with th' white flag. A garrison be
gins to think iv surrindherin' whin it can't
get pie at ivry meal. Cut out wan iv its
meals an' it begins to wondher what's th'
use iv fightin' a lot iv nice fellows. Ray
jooce it more an' some iv th' sojers will say
to th' gin'ral: 'If ye haven't got a sheet
or a pillowslip handy f'r a flag, ye can use
our shirts.' Ye may change th' dite to
horse meat, but horse meat rayminds a
Europeen sojer iv what his mother used to
call beef. But he's got to have enough. A
hungry man won't fight excipt fr food, an'
he'd follow a beefsteak twice as far as he
wud th' flag iv anny impror or czar."
"Why don't that Gin'ral Stoessel sur
rindher, annyhow?" asked Mr. Hennessy.
"No wan has told him to. He's a Ger
man," said Mr. Dooley.
adore these things as if they were
idols. If this state of affairs con
tinues I will be forced to resign my
high position and beg ray friend, St
Peter, to give me the position of as
sistant doorkeeper of heaven."
Finally- they saw a display of sim
ple toys, such as plainly dressed dolls,
building blocks, wagons, horses, etc
With loving and admiring eyes they
glanced at these, and, uplifting both
his hands, the Christmas angel with
bowed head pronounced this benedic
tion:
"Blessed are you who are the chil
dren of the less wealthy. To you is
given the opportunity of enjoying
and improving the divine inclinations
of your happy nature. Yours is the
kingdom of heaven."
With these words the Christmas
angel left in the same manner in
which he had entered.
All at once the whole building be
came clothed in darkness, and thus
left alone, filled with fear and terror.
I shrieked: "Heaven help me. Shall
I be left devoid of my body and all
power?"
Then from without I heard the
harsh voice of Santa Claus pro
nouncing these words:, "Thns have
you been punished for your ca
riosity."
"Well, however, it afforded me a
great deal of pleasure to make yoor
acquaintance and receive, so much in
formation."
How glad I was on awakening the
next morning I will not here de
scribe. /
bounded only by his State lines. Cor
respondence covering every detail of li
brary progress, from the first step in
agitating the founding of a library to
counsel given In planning a modern li
brary building, come* to his office.
Numberless questions are sent consid
ering the administration of a library
and the purchase of books. Most Im
portant of all duties is the visitation of
places throughout the State where no
libraries exist and also of the weak li
braries which are struggling to live.
In the destitute cities the conviction
eventually takes root from such re
peated visits that without a library
they are behind the times. The strug
gling library is encouraged to greater
exertions. Constantly visiting his ter
ritory as ' tne representative of the
State's interest in advancing the edu
cation of the people, a masterful or
ganizer acquires their respect, confi
dence and hearty support. Six or more
States have already adopted this «ffl
fiatit Tmaawa for libra O" ffTt tn^i-tt-
2324
TWO ACTRESSES
COME TO GRIEF
Failures in London on Same
Day for Olga Nethersole
and Mrs. Brown - Potter
PLAYS DO NOT PLEASE
American Artists Koughly
t Treated by the Gallery
Critic of Great Britain
LONDON. Dec. 3.— Olga Nethersole
received harsh treatment when she
opened In "The Flute of Pan" the
other ni?ht, but it was not because she
was "booed" that the actress burst
Into tears at th« end of the third act.
"Boos" there were in plenty, and the
hoodlumB who made them at tha ex
pense of two women have been roast
ed by the newspapers, who are asking
when this rowdyism at first nights will
be stopped.
It was, however, & series of loud and
significant ffuffawB which told Miss
Xethersole that her careful and ex
pensive production of Mrs. Craigrie's
latest play wjis not to be a success.
For these manifestations of amuse
ment came in the midst of a supposed
ly "jnoving" scene and showed, as it
had been show a that afternoon in the
case of the new play produced by Mrs.
Brown-Potter, that the audience was
not impressed in the manner which the
•*.uthor had intended.
The scene was that of a Princess ab
dicating her right to the crown of an
Imaginary Continental state In order
that she might retire into private life
"with the man she loved. It was a dif
ficult performance for Miss Nether
sole, who played the Princess, and had
to read three or four portentlous
•proclamations with big red seals hang
ing to them, and it was characteristic
©I the gallery crowd that it laughed
openly at the actress* discomfiture.
When the curtain rose again after
falling at the end of the act it dis
covered Miss Nethersole with her
hands over her eyes end her frame
shaking with sobs. But the fact re
mains that the gallery merely ex
pressed what the whole house felt
more or less almost from the begin
ning, rather bored amusement at what
was intended to be taken seriously.
PLOT WITHOUT DEPTH.
The piece begins with the Princess
proposing marriage to an old lover of
hers, who has gone in for Tolstoism
after being cast off by her, because she
needs a man to lead her armies. There
is an insurrection in her kingdom. He
consents on condition that she return
to private life with him after he has
brought i>eace to her land, and to this
condition she *agrees. So far so good,
but then we get a whole series of jeal
ousies on the part of the wedded pair
which the merest word of explanation
qn either side would have set right.
In this way sympathy is lost before
the play is half-over. Mrs. Craigie has
failed to redeem the slenderness of her
plot by brilliancy of dialogue. In short,
there was little enough in the work to
recall either "The Embassador" or "The
Bishqp's Move," and what led Miss
Nethersole to lavish money on giving
it a sumptuous London production with
an uncommonly expensive cast is not
clear.
ANOTHER POTTER FAILURE.
It is an unhappy coincidence that two
actresses, both well known to Ameri
cans and both engaged in producing
ambitious plays on their own account,
should have come to grief in London
on the came day. For Mrs. Brown-
Potter's experience with "For Church
or Stage" was little less unfortunate
than Miss Nethersole's with "The Flute
of Pan."
"For Church or Stage" is the pieoe
that the worthy Vicar of Gorleston,
who has written several novels under
the name of "Athol Forbes," wrote for
Mrs. Potter some time ago and describ
ed before its production as just a little
dangerous. Its hero is a clergyman,
who falls in love with an actress and
then, after several precarious weeks,
renounces her and goes back to his
flock. Although the piece was not with
out evidences that its clerical author
has some dramatic ability, it is much
too amusing, in an unintentional way,
to serve its extremely serious purpose.
For when a burly squire offered "the
gratitude of the whole parish" to Stella,
the actress, if she would give up her
ecclesiastical admirer, a frivolous aud
ience rocked with laughter and dis
ported itself similarly over certain epi
sodes, supposedly of a heart-breaking
nature.
In fact, the afternoon recalled that
historic evening at the same theater
not long ago when Mrs. Potter pro
duced her sister-in-law's "Golden
Light." It is another stroke of bad
luck for Mrs. Brown-Potter which her
friends will regTet while feeling that
It might have been avoided by a little
more discrimination in the choice of
a play.
NEW PLAT FROM PINERO.
It was understood some time ago
that Charles Frohman had gained an
option on everything written by A. W.
Pinero. hence there has been a good
deal of surprise at the announcement
that the first of British playwrights is
writing a serious play for George
Alexander. It will be remembered,
however, that "The Second Mrs. Tan
queray" and "The Princess and the
Butterfly" were first produced by this
manager. Alexander, by the way,
has had more bad luck of late." After
prosperous times with' "If I Were
King" and "Old Heidelberg" he has
backed losers in "Love's Carnival,"
"Saturday to Monday" and "The Gar
den of Lies." Now he is going to re
vive "Lady Windermere's Fan," by
Oscar Wilde. * - -^ ■■■■:)'-.
MARIE TEMPEST'S SUCCESS.
When Marie Tempest married Cosmo
ADVEKTISEMB^TTS.
SILVER.
WARE
makes a desirable grift,
and. may be so selected
as to meet all require-
ments. Fine Table Silver
delights all housekeepers.
OUR ASSORTMENT IS
COMPLETE. FROM
SMALL. SINGLE
PIECES TO ENTIRE
SERVICES. "
Bohm-Bristol Co.
Jewelers and
Silversmiths
104-110 Geary Street
SELL LETTERS
TO ST. PETER
Tricks Practiced by the Or
thodox Priests of Eussia
Are Exposed by a Journal
SUPEESTITIOUS BAITED
Epistles Guaranteeing En
trance of Souls to Heaven
Are Offered to Peasantry
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BERLIN, Dec. S. — The Protestanten
blatt bares trie 1 — of orthodox Russian
priests in their dealing with the super
stitious peasantry of that country.
Letters, guaranteed to insure the en
trance of the soul of a decedent into
heaven are written to St. Peter by
many priests and sold for what they
think their victim is able to pay.
'yk. peasant living near Brest showed
me one of these letters," says the
Bremen clergyman, "and I give it here
translated literally:
"We, by the grace of God Metropcrlit
of — , to our Lord and friend, St. Pe
ter, keeper of the keys of the gates of
heaven, write this to let thee kne^
that Vladimir Petrovitch, who has just
died, has always been a faithfu. serv
ant of the Lord and that before hia
death he was absolved by us from all
his sins. Y
"It Is, therefore, our demand that
thou let him pass through the gates of
heaven without delay, and do not let
him suffer from lack of anything, and
we have, therefore, written this letter."
PRINCESS WAS SANE WHEN
PLACED IN A MADHOUSE
Evidence That Doctors Who Commit
ted Louise of Coburg Were
Brfi>e<i by Her People.
PARIS, I Dec. 3. — With regard to
Princess Louise of Coburg, the medical
reports which led to her internment
in an asylum have been published.
The perusal of these documents suf
fices to show at once the rascality of
the Austrian doctors, who basely ac
cepted bribes from the husband of the
lady and allowed themselves to be in
timidated by the imperial entourage.
For over a month now the Princess
has been in Paris, coming and going
as freely as any women in the capital,
telling the story of her unhappiness
and of the persecutions of which sne
has been the victim with a clearness
and coherency which shows the pos
session of the sanest and most equable
of minds. But what the medical re
ports do not show and what she her
self has maintained silence upon is the
part taken by her father, the King
of the Belgians, the cruel and dis
honest plot of which his own daugh
ter was the victim.
Whenever she is questioned upon j
this part of her story the unhappy I
Princess always replies: "I don't want |
to complain of my father. When he
seees me perhaps his sentiments with
regard to me will change. He will un
derstand that he has been deceived."
ITAL.X LOSING HER
I RARE WORKS OF ART
Despite the Laws Rich Foreigners
Manage to Get Them Out of
the Country.
ROME, Dec. 3. — Italians complain
that there are many works of art con
stantly leaving Italy which never get
back. There is a law against taking
them out of the country, but even un
der the . eyes of the Government, or
when the Government chooses to close
its eyes, pictures, statues, holy water
basins, Delia Robbia ware, all sorts of
beautiful things, are being bought up
by rich foreigners. Italians go to Lon
don or Paris and are astonished to find
their native art, looking very home
sick, in the drawing-rooms of rich for
eigners.
If you are walking in Italy and ask
to go over any likely looking villa you
will certainly see something you fancy.
Ask the servant to sell it to you. Very
likely he will. His master is poor, and
he is poorer. No Government can really
prevent the poor from selling to the
rich.
Promote the secretions of the urine
and renew the enervated kiflneys by
using Lash's Kidney and Liver Bitters. *
Bis Winners on French Turf.
PARIS. Dec. 3.— Edmond Blanc heads
the list of winning owners during the
last racing season with a total of $300,
000. This amount never has been sur
passed but once, and then by the Duke
of Portland, in England. Next come
Carllaut, with $100,000; Hubert de Pour
tales, $75,000; Lieux. $60,000; Vicomte
d'Harcourt, about $50,000. Other not
able winners are: Michel Ephrussi,
Thome Veil, Picard Wysockle, Marquis
Ganay J. de Bremond Chan, Comte de
Fels Merle and Comte de Moltke Hvit
feldt-
Gordon Lennox she got a good-looking
husband, who is rich, and who comes
of a family that Insures, social distinc
tion in England, and .jvho has the
knack of writing or adapting plays
that fit to a "TV his wife's gifts for
comedy. Although "The Marriage of
Kitty" was by no means a dramatic
masterpiece, it succeeded mightily be
cause of the opportunities it gave its
leading lady to be saucy, piquant, ca
pricious and fascinating.
The! new Lennox play, produced this
week\at the Criterion under the Froh
man management, is much the same
order of things, resembling its prede
cessor even in the detail of having a
particularly good first act, and there
after thinning out appreciably. It
gave Marie Tempest her chance, and
she took It. Her quick wit, grasp of
character and remarkable command of
facial expression would have carried
to success a much less, satisfactory
comedy than "The Freedom of Su
zanne.','
The plot, or part of It, was suggested
by one of "Gyp's" neat, naughty stories,
and deals with the experiment of a
frisky young wife who got a divorce
from her husband because he objected
to her goings-on. Of course, when she
got her freedom she discovered that her
husband was a better fellow than any
of the re,st of her admirers, and she
wanted him back— and got him. Al
though the plot Is so thin, the incidents,
dialogue and action are bright and
sometimes 'daring, as, for instance, in
the last act, when Suzanne, in love
again with her. husband, appears unin
vited in his bachelor flat. One of : her
slippers is wet and her husband is per
mitted to *. remove it, .-whereupon It is
discovered that the dainty silk stocking
also is wet. so that * after : due ; coyness
the audience is treated to the spectacle
of a delighted young ' man tenderly
fondling a pink little . foot and unbur
dening himself of prose poems • on the
subject. ■/^SsSSsSBBBSSSSSBSS&
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, DECEMBER 4.; 1901.
Great Featture?
1 Ladies' Fashion Salon I
' l [— " ~ " ~"~ '" I Will be the sell- a
j iliiiLv ingoi some of the «
1 /^fiSISPIW most stunning ft
I ' street costumes, a
' - as our P icture |l
•\ liAi^^ ity; by their clever '1
■ : -'.^V-^^ lines, and by their g:
' f-JT-Tsk jtfW&ir^ strict adherence Em
fn the Smartest Mannish Mixtures. 1
Man- Tailored — Hand Tailored. 1
While we say Monday and Tuesday, of course |
you know the plums are always, picked first, and ||
ihe first picking will be done by the clever buyers |
Monday. |
S No Ex'ra . •• "~~ ' ' ' \ Ladies* and 9
j ■- •. ~ "~""-"" «
I Early Holiday Buyers I
I Will Get the Plums I
- " .-.--■ ■'.-'■;■'■ ! JT
1 Jackets we - --^k^ly.'^-J i">|^S\^^-^
', will have on 1 <;>'■; (5 •\,V&V v V>3g»*' ; - ' "
| sale at *r».OO. ?4; ; i^i&Jil R^:^^
They are head k • V * fe" > ' ■►££?*
! and shoulders L ; 1
!over anything
you have ever seen at this price in the Two Tone Cloths, I
and are entirely different from anything ever. shown by us. I
The cut is entirely different, the style is entirely different, i
and so are the colorings/ • |
THE HOME OF THE I
! Smoking Jacket*, Dress- I
ing Gown and Robe...
Holiday models in Ej
' concession in fancy S
' ' 0Mw$£8$&ffli >£\li vests becinninK H
? ''^^^^^^^®'* *HS-' Monday, which no M
I '■ KOOcl dresser can af " p
; V^^^SM:^^MW' Some $4.50' Vcsts"win |
■ « ■ — — — - — -^— — '' — ; 1 And they represent H
I the 'smartest things of the'season. Many styles in the Single- N
M Breasted and also the new Tattersall cut of- the Double- ™
J, Breasted idea, which is quite > S
f Holiday Present Orders on Sale I
» for Ail Departments ... . §
ADVERTISE2MENTS.
$ BOYS, HOW ARE YOU
I GUESS RIGHT AND YOU GET A I
iraar DTTPAPnQ ATUTl 1?\/T?D VTIJIlVr* T*I4 AT
| .. SHOULD GO WITH IT ' J
I As a Christmas Gift I
I From The Boys' Favorite Store, Where the f
C owagger and omart rSoys Clothes are oold.- 5
tic *j^^^j^^jj I ■■- I \* ?r^- - *'*yv 1 if%
fr W 9 • m < . V^ ■ • m • m
.« filvl w O Ulw ml JL/JJwdlUwll {§
S We will exhibit tc-day in our window devoted to the display of Boys' Clothes w 1
I A BIG BOX OF PRUNES ( 1
A THE BOX IS FULL OF PRUNES f»
jL You are asked to guess how many prunes are in that box. The 10
nearest guessers to the exact number of prunes in that box will each re- V^
S ceive as a Christmas gift from Raphael's, Inc., 8
8 as a result of their skill. GUESS EARLY. GUESS OFTElN. §
S Contest opens MONDAY, DECEMBER 5th, and closes Saturday, De- I
§' The awarding will be made by a Committee Selected from the Press a
g of San Francisco, consisting of representatives of The Exsminer, Chronicle 5
I g . SANTA CLAUS will be on hand Monday with Sweetmeats for all his \
8 j — — ■ — — j loyal friends, j[
J At, Prices That None Can Touch J
ADVERTISEMENTS.Forecast made at San Francisco tor
thirty hours. »w<^iT»y mti»Titf>it Seoem
fcer 4:
3ca Fnncisoo and Tldnlty— Falr
Ssaday, cloudy *j*a • tbraat
•ojsx at sight: Hebt aortfcaast wlada.
A. a. MrAT>n\
District Fbrecajiter.
VOLUME. XCV31— NO. 4.
COSSACKS SURPRISE
SLEEPING FOE AND
TAKE EIGHT GUNS
Japanese Are Driven From
Camp in the Night.
DARING RAID BY DON INFANTRY
Brown Soldiers Who Escape the Bayonet
Flee in Panic From the Field.
MTJKDEX. Dec. 8. — All day Friday
Russian eiege guns bombarded vil
lages occupied by the Japanese to the
east of the railroads and early this
mornlr.g, to the west of the railroad,
Don Cossacks routed the Japanese
couth of Lidiatoun and captured
eight guns. This brilliant action, de-
Ecribed by a Chinese who, dressed as
a Cossack, participated in the at
tack, was as follows:
"When volunteers were called for
from two Infantry regimentseveryman
etepped forward and the Cossacks in
chorus asked not to be left behind
vhen the little parly was formed. The
order was given to depart at 2 o'clock
In the morning and all the men ad
vanced with extreme caution and in
dead silence, sometimes crawling and
sometimes running. The party di
vided and attacked the Japanese posi
tion from two sides. The Japanese
xvere sound asleep and they did . not
even have time to raise a cry before
ell was over.
"Again we advanced and soon saw
before us the outlines of a battery.
All the Japanese were asleep except
the sentries. We encircled the bat
tery and attacked the rear. The Jap
anese had not expected such an auda
cious and sudden attack and when the
Don Cossacks charged on a dead run,
followed by chasseurs on foot, the
Japanese were badly scared and un
nble to realize what was occurring.
They rushed, half dressed, from their
tents, only to be received by spear
and bayonet. The fight lasted only a
few minutes, when the whole camp
broke and fled in wild panic, leaving
eight g-uns in our hands. We had no
losses only one man was slightly
wounded. The Japanese left at least
fifteen dead and probably as many
more were wounded."
Crouching in rifle pits has so hard
ened the men to danger that they ig
nore it. Peculiar war sports are be
coming popular among the troops.
General R.ennenkampff's Cossacks
are still in pursuit of the Japanese
and have driven them out of the vil
lages of Intsagoudzy and Dapinduni
gan, taking many prisoners and rifles.
JAPAN'S TASK ONLY BEGUN.
Captured Fort Is Not Part of Port
Arthur's Inner Defenses.
ST. PETERSBURG. Dec. 3.— A high
officer of the general staff who is inti
mately familiar with the fortifications
of Port Arthur insists that the Import
ance of the capture of 203-Meter Hill
has been overestimated. He explains
that this hill, which the Russians call
Visokaia, is situated west of the rail
road and belongs to the outer and not
to the inner line of defenses, which are
composed of permanent forts on Cano
cia Hill, or Sungshu Mountain; Hark
Hill, or Antas Hill, and Woodcock HilL
The Japanese are now only about to at
tack the main line. Just as occurred In
the case of Dragon Hill after the cap
ture of the Wolf hills.
The Japanese took the Wolf hills on
July 20, but it was not until four
months later (November 20) that they
•were able to reach the permanent forts
on the north and northeast of Port Ar
thur.
"How long the permanent defenses
will hold out after the loss of the oth
ers I do not venture to predict." con
tinued the officer, "but it is not unfair
to compare the situation with what oc
curred at Sebastopol. The last outer
defense at Sebastopol was carried in
June, but the capture of the Malakoff
tower did not follow until three months
later. Sebastopol had the advantage of
having never been completely invested,
and continued through the siege to re
ceive reinforcements and supplies. . On
the other hand, the natural strength of
the positions at Sebastopol were infe
rior to those of Port Arthur. The 203-
Meter Hill is twenty meters higher
than the permanent forts on the north
ern side, but it Is 2000 meters distant
from them, whereas the distance be
tween the llalakoff and the outer de
fenses of Sebastcpol was only 500 me
ters. I believe the Japanese will try to
carry the main forts by assault, and
failing: in this they will revert to sap
ping and mining."
♦ ■ ■
JAPANESE AGENTS BUSY'.
"Asia for the Asiatics" Their Appeal
to the Chinese Nation.
BERLIN, Dec. 3.— The conviction pre
vailing in the highest governmental
quarters that Russia is fighting for all of
Europe in the present war is increasing
in strength and is affecting Germany's
attitude toward the belligerents, so that
her friendliness for Russia and her
coolness toward Japan grows with every
Russian reverse. The Government has
correpondence from China showingthat
hundreds of Japanese agents are pene
trating Into every part of the Chinese
empire distributing tracts and dissem
inating the idea that Asia should be for
the Asiatics, that no European power
has rights' In "fts territory or in the
trade of the East and that Japan is
TUB WEATITEH.
fighting for all Asia In forcing Russia
back.
An opinion amounting to a certainty
holds the minds of those directing Ger
many's policy that a Boxer rising or
similar popular movements against for
eigners in China will be led by the
Japanese, who are laying the founda
tion for a vast Oriental empire that
might reach to the Urals."
READY FOR THE BALTIC FLEET
Warships of the Japanese Navy Are
in Thorough Repair.,
CHEFU. Dec. 3. — Evidence of the
preparedness of the Japanese for ar«
encounter with the Russian second Pa
cific squadron was seen by the of
ficers of the French steamship Binh
Thuan, which left Japan on November
50. They saw near Sasebo the bat
tleship Mikasa. unscarred and evi
dently repaired and repainted. Forty
miles south of the Shantung Promon
tory the officers sighted the battleship
Asahi, which was similarly rehabili
tated. The Asahi was steaming to the
ncrth. )■'
The work of repairing the Japanese
fleet has been progressing with gre.at
secrecy since August last. The tor
pedo-boat destroyer flotilla, it is re
ported, has been maintained in good
shape, mostly at the naval bases and
at Port Dalny.
OUTPOST BAYONETED.
Russian Sharpshooters Surprise Jap
anese in Intrenchments.
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 3.—Gen
eral Sakharoff, telegraphing ye« f/ >rday,
reports a successful reconnaissance by
sharpshooters on Thursday night in
the direction of the Japanese intrench
ments southwest of Tunganon. The
Russians first bayoneted a Japanese
outpost of thirty men, surmounted
barbwire entanglements, entered the
intrenchments and bayoneted twenty
more Japanese. Reinforcements com
ing: up, attacked the sharpshooters
with hand grenades, forcing the Rus
sians to retire. The Russians carried
off five dead and fourteen wounded,
seme Japanese rifles and ammunition.
ARABIA'S CARGO RELEASED.
Russian Supreme Prize Court Re
verses Vladivostok Verdict.
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 3. — The
Supreme Prize C^urt to-day upheld
the appeal against the seizure of 5000
sacks of flour on board the Portland
and Asiatic line steamship Arabia,
captured by the Vladivostok squadron
on July 22, and quashed the Vladivos
tok decision in the case.
The Supreme Court, in the appeal
of the German steamship Thea, char
tered by an English firm, which was
sunk off the Japanese coast by the
Vladivostok squadron, decided to-day
that her arrest was unjustified and the
judgment of the Vladivostok prize
I court was set- aside.
Russian Attacks Repulsed.
TOKIO, Dec, 3, 6 p. m. — The Man
churian headquarters, in a report
dated Friday night, December 2, says
that on Thursday, December 1, at 10
o'clock at night, the Russian infantry
attacked Manchuatzu Mountain and
that the attack was Immediately re
pulsed. On the morning of Friday,
December 2. Russian infantry and
cavalary, the report says, approached
Hunangtl and Pintaltzu, but were
driven off.
Fund for Helpless Wounded.
PARIS, Dec. 3. — General Stoessel's
heroic defense of Port Arthur, brings
out enthusiastic popular subscriptions
to the fund which his wife is raising
in behalf of the helpless wounded ot
the fortress. The subscribers repre
sent all classes, many of the nobility
and hundreds of workmen, and the
amount already subscribed totals
$6600.
Xo Coal for Baltic Fleet.
COLOMBO, Island of Ceylon, Dec.
3. — In pursuance of instructions from
the Home Government at London re
garding coaling facilities for belliger
ents, either directly or indirectly, a no
tice has been issued that no vessel
shall be supplied with coal without. the
permission of the local Government.
First Armistice nt Port Arthur.
TOKIO, Dec. 3.— The first armistice
between the combatants at Port Ar
thur was declared on December 2 for
the purpose of burying the dead. It
lasted for "a period of six hours.
Russian Fleet Coaling at Jibutil.
JIBUTIL, Somaliland, Dec. 3. — A
Russian fleet consisting of thirteen
warships and nine transports, in com
mand of Rear Admiral Voelkersam, is
anchored outside this harbor, coaling.
Ill ill iiiih lit lriirhf m**~— "*-**"*— "**WnBViiriiiiwfitinrfi
Grippenbufg Xears the Front.
HARBIN, Dec 3.— Lieutenant Gen
eral Grippenburg, commander of the
second Manchurian • army, arrived
here this evening.
The San Francisco Call
FIFTY-TWO PAGES— SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1904— PAGES 25 TO 38.
DIVORCEE
IS SCORED
BY JUDGES
Woman's Career De
clared a Travesty
on Marriage.
Filth Decree Arouses the
Ire of the Jurists of
.Windy 'City.
Mrs. Layman, Who Was Wedded
Three Times to One Man, Is
Denounced.
CHICAGO, Dec. 3.— Degradation of
the marriage tie, as illustrated in 1 the
life of Mrs. Grace Snell-Layman, who
has just been granted her fifth divorce,
was denounced by the Judges to-day,
and a general law to safeguard the
sanctity of the marital relations was
urged.
"This . woman's career has been a
rank travesty on marriage and the sa
crednes of its obligations," said Judge
Brentano. "By five quick marriages and
divorces she has shown her utter ina
bility to appreciate the sanctity of the
marriage tie.
"This dragging of the sacred things
of life through the mire cannot but
arouse the liveliest indignation In right
minded men."
"Mre. Snell or Layman or whatever
her last name is at present has turned
marriage life into opera bouffe," said
Judge Mack. "It is wrong, absurd, out
rageous, of course, but there is no help
for it as the law stands. Mrs. Layman
can marry again as soon as she can
find man with temerity enough to take
the risk."
Judge Dunne said: "It is absurd and
ridiculous as a general problem, but I
hesitate to discuss it at this time, for
fear of being construed as assailing a
woman."
Mrs. Layman was married first when
she was 16 years of age to Frank Cof
fin, a dancing master. She got a di
vorce, and married him a second time
at the solicitation of her son, now dead.
The second venture ended in divorce
also, but having acquired the habit of
marrying him, she married him a third
time. Again -she tired of him, got her
third divorce and married a man named
Walker, who claimed her as his wife
fQr one year. After divorcing Coffin for
the third time the woman left her beau
tiful homes vat Antioch and Racine,
Wis., and betook herself to Riverside,
Cal., where she has since resided.
Layman was a clerk in the hotel at
Los Angeles where the woman stopped.
She is under 40 and still pretty. She is
said to be contemplating a sixth mar
riage.
BOLD PLOT
OF BANDITS
IS FOILED
Driven From Bank
'Before They Can
Rot) Safe.
INDIANAPOLIS, Dec. 3.— As Dr. Wil
liam Prlchard of Gosport, Owen Coun
ty, was going to see a patient early
this morning he was suddenly seized by
five men and after a short struggle was
bound and gagged and carried into the
Farmers' Bank, the door of which^ had
previously been forced open by the five
men. They said the doctor was ant of
ficer of the bank, but he denied It/arid
said that he knew nothing regarding
the amount of money on hand. The
doctor, however, is a stockholder,; but
this heskeptito himself,' for, he! was fa
miliar .'with the bank and with the safe.
While one man sat over him with' a
cocked revolver the other four ; drilled
a hole in the safe and put in a charge
of nitro-glycerin. The . physician - was
then carried into the rear room arid the
fuse was ignited; the door being burst
open by the explosion.
The noise aroused persons living near
the bank, and before the robbers could
force open the inner compartments',': all
of which 'were locked, a crowd' had be
gun to collect and' the robbers- made
.their escape by, a rear, door, ; leaving ! Dr.
Prlchard bound arid gagged ln-the rear
room. Mounted farmers.' have-' been*
searching the country for miles. around,
but : no arrests have been ? made.' i It I is
thought the robbers escaped on a hand
car. ' ■'■■■.■. : •••.'"-.' '•' :'■•. '-..-■'•
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Special Dlepatch to The Call
VAST PLAN OF MRS. CHADWICK
ELEVEN MILLION DOLLAR TRUST FAILS
FORTY-FIVE
ARE INJURED
IN A WRECK
Broken Rail Throws
West Bound Train
Off Briflge.
Accident Was Remarkable
in That Not a Single
Life Was Lost.
Many of t the Passengers, However,
Receive Hurts That Are Con
sidered Serious.
HOLDEN, Mo., Dec. 3.— Missouri Pa
cific passenger train No. 1, westbound
from St. I.ouis to Kansas City, due
here at 4 o'clock this afternoon, was
wrecked at the water works bridge, two
miles east of here, resulting in the In
jury of forty-five passengers, many of
them seriously. The accident was re
markable in that not a single person
was killed.
The accident was caused by a broken
rail which projected from the track,
catching the Ilrst coach behind the mail
car, throwing it from the track down
a. .twenty-foot embankment and caus
ing ; two other coaches, a Pullman and
the diner, to follow it. The broken rail
was on thebridge and the rear Pullman
rolled ; off fhe .bridge into *vhe: creek' be
low and the passengers inside were all
seriously Injured. Two old ladies im
prisoned in this car were taken out at
the top after holes had been made with
axes. The engine,- -two baggage cars
and the mail car passed the bridge in
safety and remained on the track," but
the remainder of the train was de
railed.
The more seriously Injured are: L.
H. Hickman. Warrensburg, Mo., back
hurt; Wallace Crossley, from Johnson
County, Mo., badly hurt; P. L. Fergu
son, County Treasurer, Holden, Mo.,
head 'cut; G. J3. McDonald, Warrens
burg, badly hurt; Mrs. C. Truaz, Krem
lin, Okla., contusion on- head; Helen
Truaz,' ', Kremlin, contusion on head;
John Fowler. Clarksburg, Mo., slightly;
H. Claxton, St. Louis, colored, will die;
Mr. Eddy, Lincoln, Nebraska, hip
sprained; E. D. Smith, St. Louts, head
and face hurt; Mrs. Maxwell, Kansas
City, neck badly hurt; Mrs. John Eber
hard, Kansas City, shoulder and hand
crushed; Mrs. M. C. Pierce and baby,
hurt about head; W. H. Pierce, wife
and daughter, Pueblo, "Colo., bruised,
and Mrs. Pierce's hip seriously injured;
Mrs. Thomas Oates, Warrensbure,
slight: Miss Ora McCord, Denver,
slightly injured; F. P. Priest, Warrens
burg, neck wrenched and body bruised;
Thomas Barrett, Barrett, Kas., slight;
G. A. Landes, Warrensburg, head cut
and bruised; Mrs. J. P. Heibusky, Pu
eblo,' Colo., and four small sons, all
bruised about head and body; Mrs. Gil
lette, New York, aged 70. badly Injured;
Miss Minnie Gillette, New York, body
bruises; H. A." Moaher, Warrensburg,
scalp lacerated.
There were thirty members of the
Warrensburg Lodge, K. of P., on the
wrecked train and few of them escaped
injury. -
MAINE RECORD
OF DR. STAPLES
Death of the Sutter Creek
Fugitive's Former Wife Is
a Theme for Comment
Special Dispatch to The Call,
FARMINGTON,. Me., Dec. 3.—Rela
tives and former neighbors; of Dr. F.-N.
Staples 1 in'; this . town are" astonished at
the "news that he is wanted in Amador
County,' California, forthe alleged mur
der of his wife by poisoning. .
". \ Dr>? Staples' former -wife, whom he
married; when -heTwas ; about' 21 years
old,\wa8 Miss Myrtle Russell of Temple,
Me: > About five ! years later; she died,
leaving' a'. twb-moriths-old son, which
she ' bequeathed 'on her. deathbed to : her
sister, \the wife ,6r Dr. J Staples',- brother.
At the time of Mrs/; Staples' .'death'! here
thercrwas much /talk among her friends,
who 'thought ■ she v 1 had : not • received
proper 'care arid I "attention/ . *:
-;•;■ Staples is a; native of the neighboring
town I'of j. Temple , andr a "graduate of
Bowdoln ;;Medlcal School, ; _ and : '■ prac
ticed ; in this town his ':second'mar
riage, \ three ; years ago.
Names Larnegie as uuaraian of Her Estate
CLEVELAND, Dec. 3.f-Success,° if ap
pears/ did not always crown .Mrs..Chad
wick's efforts to raise ihjney. ..The fol
lowing story was told to-day by a mem
ber of a large firm of lawyers: Mrs.
Chadwick' called on this attorney two
years ago and explained that she was a
niece of Frederick Mason, a lifelong as
sociate of Andrew Carnegie. This uncle
had made her heiress to his fortune,
worth from $5,000,000 to $7,000,000, and
it had been cared for by the ironmaster
himself until its proportions were, at
the time of the interview, , $11,000,000^
On account of press of his own affairs,
however, he was desirous of relinquish
ing custody of it and had named this
attorney as a safe man. She said that
Carnegie's suggestion was that the es
tate be used to form an immense trust
company, so that she could never make
inroads into the principal.
Soon afterward the senior member
of the firm was called to New York by
Mrs. Chadwick, who exhibited to him
a document which terminated the
trust of Carnegie. But Mrs. Chad
wick decided to let the matter rest
until Carnegie returned to this coun r
try, saying that she did not like the
idea of instigating his return of the
estate.
'. Soon she wanted to borrow $40,000
from this ; attorney, explaining that
her quarterly dividend was not due
for thirty days and an obligation was
pressing her. '
The; attorney explained that that
night he was going to New York on
business with Carnegie for another
client and was quite willing to take
up the subject of the trust company.
Mrs. Chadwick, he says, asked him
not to mention, the matter to Car
negie, as she would be accused of be
ing^ foolish - withVher money. There
upon the attorney destroyed - the
papers , organizing the huge trust
company. ,
MILLIONS IN SECURITIES.
-In the proceedings brought by ; the
suit of Newton against Mrs. Chadwick
to recover, a large . loan, frequent men
tion has : been made of . an attest - for
$5,000,000. To-day a copy of the al
leged attest .was printed. It was writ
ten on a letterhead of the Wade Park
Banking Company. Following is a
copy- of it:, ■
••CLEVELAND", Ohio, May 23,, 1902.
"To whom it may concern: I here T
by certify that I have in - my posses
sion .$5,000,000 in securities belonging
to'-CassievL. Chadwick, and that
neither 'myself nor the Wade Park
Bank nor any - other person ■ has any.
claim upon the : same.
"IRA REYNOLDS."
When asked about the authenticity
of the note, -Reynolds to-night refused
to either affirm or. deny. ; He' said that
he] would talk" about his dealings. with
Mrs. .Chadwick only on the witness
stand.
,.The Tribune to-morrow .will say . that
all of. Mrs. Cassie L. Chadwick's effects
are in" the possession of ; the/ Savings
Deposit : Bank ;j and ' Trust Company ) of
Elyria, > Ohlo, r i under; a'chattel mortgage
given ' in', April '-and \ filed in \ Cleveland
on ■ j November^ 22. . The" mortgage ; is ; ad
mitted'in a statement. signed by the en
tire directorate ■ of I the bank> ;
I ;i This i the -.Tribune ; learns ' is ' the ; sub^
stance of a telegram which" has been re-
ALCAZAR— *Th« Christian." Matln««
to-day. •
CALIFORNIA— West's Klnstrtls. Mat
inw to-day.
CENTRALr— "The L4UI« Church Around
th« Corner." Matinee to-day.
COLUMBIA — "Im Welssen Ro*m1."
CHUTES — Vaudeville.
FISCHER'S — Vaudeville.
GRAND — "In Dahomey." IXatlne* to
day. • ■
LYRIC HALL— "Th* Star of BetM»-
MAJESTIC— "In MUxout*."
ORPH EUM— Vaudeville.
Tn'OLI— "Klngr Dodo."
THREE PORTRAITS OF MRS. I
CHADWICK. TAKEN AT VA- .
RIOUS STAGES OF HER CA- I
REER. .ri :'• -''-'! \
ceived by the adjusting firm of Frank,
Leguin & Arnold from Louis J. Gross
man, their Cleveland correspondent.
Grossman is the Cleveland lawyer who
in behalf of Jacques Krakaucr and oth
ers filed a petition in Involuntary bank
ruptcy against Mrs. Chadwick in the
Federal court at Cincinnati on Friday
afternoon, a receiver being appointed
later in the day. Grossman's telegram
is in part as follows:
"The principal reason that prompt
ed the filing of the petition was the
Information received by^me that cer
tain creditors who hold a large quan
tity of Mrs. Chadwick's diamonds as
collateral were threatening to sell the
same at a sacrifice sale. Besides this,
the Savings Deposit Bank and Trust
Company of Elyria, Ohio, are in pos
session of all of Mrs. Chadwick's ef
fects, worth a large amount of money,
under a chattel ; mortgage given - In
April last and filed here on November
22.. This mortgage, as is admitted
over a statement signed by all of the
directors of the bank, was given to
secure an old indebtedness and sim
ply as" additional security thereon."
According to report, Mrs. Chad
wick's son, Emil, is the possessor of
a blanket bond for $7,500,000. .
NEW YORK. Dec. 3.— "There is ab
solutely * nothing to prevent Mrs.
Chadwick leaving the Holland House
with her baggage if she sees fit," said
Philip Carpenter, counsel for Mrs.
Chadwick, when to-night asked con
cerning the report that a writ of. at
tachment had been served on all her
baggage and personal belongings at
the Holland House to-day to satisfy
a claim of; $1357 which a Fifth-ave
nue modiste had against her.
■ -.'.'The papers- were served on the
manager /of the hotel and not on my
client personally, \ and that fact ren
ders the ; service null and void." con
tinued Carpenter. "As • a matter of
fact, Mrs. ' Chadwick has no Intention
of ; leaving New 'York f or • a ; f e w days,
but\ there - would be no' legal objection
if she saw. fit, according to my view of
the law."
. Carpenter is of the opinion that the
appointment . of a receiver in Cleve
land ,wlli ' not complicate matters un
necessarily. -
. "It must be borne in mind," he said,
''that' there is 'a great difference be
tween voluntary and I involuntary
bankruptcy.^
,: .; Nathan; Loeser. who was appointed
receiver* in ■ Cleveland yesterday, , said
to-day that as it would . be necessary
to .'bring /an .action . in court ; to gain
possession of Mrs.'. Chadwick's prop
erty, he 'undoubtedly... would defer,
action for,a T tim~e arid that before.tak
ing , further steps ' he would confer
s with Mrs. 'Chadwlck'a counsel. The
attorneys -representing her ■ in New
THE THEATERS-
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
York have not yet had any communi
cation from Loeser.
TO SETTLE ALL CLAIMS.
A gentleman who Is' 'fully con
versant with Mrs. Chadwick's affairs
said to-night that by the time the
bankruptcy matter came to the at
tention of the court the claims of Mrs.
Chadwick would be settled, rendering
further action by the courts unneces
sary. He said that the turn of affairs
In. Cleveland would not affect the set
tlement of the claims of Herbert D.
Newton of Brookllne. Mass., whose
suit against Mrs. Chadwick was the
first, filed. This claim had been ad-
Justed to the satisfaction of both sides
and the formal money transfer would
be made In a few days.
A story was published In an even
ing paper to the - effect that several
.detectives alleged to be in the employ
of a New York millionaire whose
name has been mentioned in connec
tion with the Chadwick case are
shadowing Mrs. Chadwick.
An interesting feature of the case
to-day was the optimistic view taken
by. the Chadwick- counsel. Philip Car
penter said emphatically that his client
was a very wealthy woman and amply
able to meet every just claim against
her. Judge. Albaugh of Canton, who
is guarding the Chadwick Interests in
Ohio, expressed confidence in the, opin
ion that she would "come out all right
in the end.'*
CONCEALS HER BELONGINGS.
In contradiction of the statement of
Carpenter, Deputy Sheriff Frank C.
Rlnn said to-night that he served the
attachment on Mrs. Chadwick person
ally to-day, after first serving it on a
clerk and Manager Harriman of the
Holland House. Rlnn says that he
was permitted to go to the Chadwick
apartments, where he found Mrs.
Chadwick reclining on a couch. Ow
ing to her deafness, Rinn says he was
obliged to carry on conversation In
a loud voice. When he made his er
rand known Mrs. Chadwick took the
papers and placed them on a table
beside her. He continued:
"I, too, searched the room as well as
I could, but all I could find was a
small . handbag and the woman's hat
and jacket. We have been informed
that ' Mrs. Chadwick has changed her
apartments in the Holland House
three times. We believe that the hand
bag that I found in her room does not
constitute all of her effects. We shall
go to the hotel on Monday morning and
Inform the management that we want
from it a statement of whatever ef
fects they have belonging to Mrs.
Chadwick, either in the way of valu
ables deposited in the safe or a parcel
such as might be contained In her
trunks."
Mrs. Chadwick ,is said to be in a
state. bordering almost on collapse to
night. The nervous strain of the last
few days has been so great that she
is hysterical. Dr. Moor, her medical
attendant, was called in to-night and.
after prescribing . for her, said :
"Mrs. Chadwick is suffering from
nothing except the nervous „ strain
which she has .been undergoing. It
is no, wonder that a woman of her
age should give way, considering
what she has been through lately.
There Is. however, \o constitutional
trouble." _ :.26
k The Wiley B.AIkn Co:s Big Annual IS
Cut on a Big Line^J>
We a^c not dealers in cheap pianos. We do not like the word
"Cheap" — particnlarlv when applied to piano?;but ifvou are- looking,
for a GOOD piano at a low price, right n6vT is the time and here
is the place to Ret <!kic while our annual clearance, sale is in prosr-
res?. Come early aitti-see these pianos and learn how.easv it is to
buy one — terras that will make it a simple matter for anv home to
secure a piano that has been looked forward to perhaps for months
or years.
C~ -1 *7 C All this particular lot of pianos are gone except one. brand-
j\ I S"J new. fully guaranteed. (Stool and cover not included at this
*r *■+*+* price.)
We bought a large number of these pianos at a gTeat bar-
*f« ■* prv er&in. taking the entire lot from a modern factory, and whilo
q I j\J our profits are small in selling these excellent pianos at this
•+* price, tney will be sold, but stool and cover cannot be in-
cluded.
C 1 L C We hav * marked » number of very excellent pianos at this
jj|n*J price that have been used, but put in excellent condition by
*+ our own experts.
This collection is one of the best that we have ever presented
<T1QC at this price. Tou will find among them the Hamilton, KlnRS-
JjlO>J bury. Smith & Barnes. Wellington and many other popylar
makes.
tf O^C T h' s collection includes Instruments taken back from our own
JtC,/. J stock that have been out on rental, as well as a superb
gToup of Price & Temple pianos.
4 -, A _ 9 u * te a number of go?d pianos, all in perfect condition, hav-
SZTyC ing gone through our repair works, are offered in this lot.
»aCt • *J These pianos we have taken in exchange from people who
have purchased higher priced pianos from us.
-~ At this price we have determined to close out some standard
V^>S maJtM or high-grade pianos that are brand-new, but the
kjJUbJ styles are discontinued and will not be in the new 1905 cata-
logues.
C3CA This is another lot, some better than the above, and among
*P«/ksV/ them are some immense bargains.
C*5»7C In thIs ' ot arc s °nie Conovers. new, but styles discontinued: a.
•At) f J Kn»b*. Italian walnut, a Hardman or two, and some very.
flne Ludwigs.
tf* f. f\f\ Her* we offer some Everetts, styles discontinued. A number
of flne Stecks. also.
Some of the finest Packard? that have ever been shown on
C*f|OC an >' floor. The Packard is a most durable piano, and the lot
Jl*x£iD offered for 6ale at this price are some that are greatly ad-
mired by good musicians and professional people.
HIGH-GRADE PIANOS
Hardman — Patent noiseless pedal action; tuning pin block,
XSflfj whlch <*ann«->t split: lonp swinffins carved panel automatic
jJvy deck: corner ornaments; highly polished; continuous hinges;
metal top plate; hardwoid open-back frame.
tf<P"^C Conover — Full iron frame; overstrung scale; three unisons.
tbJL.D the same as Grand pianos; repeating action; duplex bridge:
1n beautiful mahogany.
tfrPA Stecfc — ratent. independent, self-supporting frame; patent
JiDJxJ * uard tone-sustaining pedal; full agraffe arrangement
throughout scale.
Everett — The Artist's Favorite. Continuous nickel hinge on
ffklk both lid «nd fall-board: metal-cased hammer-rail: improved
Jjt?lhS scale: nickel plate finger-guan^ and action supports; figured
walnut or mahogany.
Mason & Hamlin — Particular attention is inv?ted to the new
\ f\ * () scales, which are distinguished for their evenness. The cases
>>.UJU are all new and artistic designs of accurate proportions, con-
sequently attractive and restful to the eye.
tf*QIZA Grands — A number of makes, the most gorgeous array of
XOJ\J (ira - r ' a Pianofortes ever seen on this coast. These particular
T pianos are on display on our second floor.
COCA P1a > erf! — The Chase & Baker we are selling at $250. Some
ibuDXJ S| mplex Players we are offering, brand-new, at half-price.
~ Player music also reduced in price.
ff9P Ontmfcs — Parlor organs from $35.00 up. We have some Mason
t$dJ & Hamlin. pipe top, two manuel. pedal bass. $1000.00. (We
v have the exclusive ag»ncy for Mason & Hamlin organs.)
C* i Squares — We still are offering squares at this price. Some
JilCi are wort h more, of course, but a very little money will take
any of our squares.
STORE OPEN EVENINGS UNTIL JANUARY 1.
931-933 MARKET STREET
ADVANCE THE RATES
OX GRAIN SHIPMENTS
Trans«'ontinental and Northwestern
Road Issue New Schedule for
Points East of Chicago.
PORTLAND. Or.. Dec. 3. — Within
the next sixty days all of the grain —
probably exceeding 15.000,000 bushels
— which has been sold to Easterners
T.ill have left the three North Pacific
States. The transcontinental and
Northwestern railroads have advanced
the rate on grain for points east of
Chicago I cent per hundred pounds
for all grain shipped from points in
Oregon. Wiishinston and Idaho. This
advance is applied entirely on the rate
from Chicago east and will be effect
ive December 12.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Has won success far bevond the effect
of advertising only.
Its wonderful popularity is ex-
plained by its unapproachable Merit.
Ba^ed upon a prescription which
cured people considered incurable,
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Unites the best-known veeetablc rem-
edies in such a way as to have cura-
tive power peculiar to itself.
Its cures of scrofula, eczema, psor-
iasis and every kind of humor, as well
as catarrh and rheumatism — prove
Hood's Sarsaparilla
the best blood purifierever produced.
Its cures of dyspepsia, loss of appe-
tite and that tired feelinjr make it the
greatest stomach tonic and strength
restorer lhe world has ever known.
Begin to take it
W^j) Fericct Fittinj A>^>
Jy Eyeglasses cM
11 i.\ Moderate Cost (\
V 64£ / Hark"e.t.St
Ji^vEvery Woman
/5"»w<^ Act! U interested i-i>4 should know
Jw»M6»iV\ ■***,»» abont the -wonderful
|EMj MARVEL Whirling Spray
■• <^Q,SC-jfi3Sj_ tionar.d Guct,on. liMt-Xaf-
■jSxJ.Nyri- jTi|mw «t— Mn«t Conrenlent.
•hA"Jr\ UUnnmlu'iUI;.
A»* Jimr trm*t\tl tm \u >^. MB. ' i,YT "**"'*'^
1 f y>r <-»nnoi tciiply the \,- /$££?^'7-ii7/'/>\
51 A It vw* aeVept no >i»^f *^:P>-^,
■■•t'T. bin RfniSumipfor <V /i*.k.,'
1 tin «tra.led book- «»*>c4. It c1t*>» V'., / '''>'■ A
t nil panicnUn and dtnrrtlont In- ft*. / g
TOlunbWoUdLc*. IIJtHTKLCOiT/i;; , IB
il rarklU*, Sew lerk. .
1&2 Kew Montgomery, t'sn .Francisco. Cal.
William Hatfroth (Ladles' Dept.). 224 Sutt«r.
Vr.ion Drue Co.. 460 gutter and 100 Stockton.
Oerood Brolhrrs...7th and Broadway, Oakland
Saidwln FttArmacr ,U» £Uis
ADVEItTlSEilEXTS.
BETTING ODDS FAVOR
RE-ELECTION OF SNYPER
Muclj Money Is Wagered on the Re
sult of the Municipal Election
to Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 3. — To-day
marks the close of a municipal cam
paign in Los Angeles which has Saan
j contested by the opposing parties with
considerable vigor. The election oc-:
I curs Monday. Democrats are claim
ing the re-election of Mayor Mere
dith P. Snyder. Democrat, over Owen
McAleer, Republican, by a plurality
estimated at from 3000 to 4000. The
Republican leaders are confident,
however, of McAleer's election.
The betting odds favor Snyder. Even
money Is offered on his election at all
poolrooms; with but few takers. On
the other hand, plenty of Republican
money is offered that Snyder will not
have 500 plurality, and at odds of 2
to 1 that he will not have a thousand.
Much money has been wagered on
the result of the election of the sev
eral candidates for city offices, the
amount being estimated at something
in excess of $140,000.
Children to Be Barred.
BERKELEY, Dec. 3. — For the first
time since the Sunday afternoon con
certs in the Greek theater were in
augurated children under 12 years of
age are to be refused admission to
morrow. Their noise has hitherto dis
turbed the audience. The concert to
morrow will consist of piano playing
by Alfred ElkusVa sophomore, who will
render the following programme of
compositions by Grieg: Prelude (from
Holberg Suite); "Cradle Song" (after
Heine); "She Dances" (after Heine) ;
minuet (from sonata); _Peer Gynt
Suite— (a) "Morning Song," -(b)
"Ase's Death," (c) "Anitra's Dance,"
(d) "In the Halls of the Mountain
King." " - ..
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
Cures Grip and
Now that the season for Colds,
j Coughs and Neuralgic Pains Is with us,
j the careful man is on the lookout for
! such preventive measures as will guard
him against the "eager and nipping
air" that may prepare the way for a,
winter's sickness.
It is not necessary to look far for a
preventive and cure; at the nearest
drug store you will find Dr. Hum-
phreys* "Seventy-seven."-. Those who
habitually carry and' take "77" at the
first sneeze or shiver' rarely have a seri-
ous Cold or illness.-
At DrugsisU. 23 cents, or mailed. .
I J Humphreys; Medicine Co..' Cor. WillUm and.
I 1 Julia SUttU, Kiw Voi
THE -.SAN. .FRANCISCO- CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 4. 1904.
THRILLING MURDER CASE
BEFORE ITALIAN COURT
TRAGEDY IN GUILTY LOVE
Count's Death FinallTj Laid to Plot Involving
Wife, Her Brother and Her Lover.
TURIX, Dec. 3.— In the little Assize
Court at Turin the prosecution of the
Countess Bonmartini, her brother, her
lover, and ttfo other persons, charged
with A the murder of her husband, is
now proceeding under circumstances of
particular grimness. The cramped, ill
lighted Assize Court is historic in it
self. In the days when Turin used to
be the capital of the kingdom of Pied
mont, this was the Senate chamber,
wherein many a stirring scene was en
acted.
None, however, approached those
that are now of dally occurrence in the
terrible drama, whose tangled web of
love, passion, intrigue, conspiracy and
murder the law is engaged in unravel
ing.
The evidence against the Countess
Bonmartini. and the others took the
police over two years to gather and the
letters bearing on the plot alone fill
twenty-five folio volumes. Twenty-one
lawyers, among them some of the most
distinguished counsel of the Italian
bar, are fighting, on one side or the
other, the legal battle of life or death.
Nearly four hundred witnesses have
been subpenaed and it is now thought
that the trial will last three months^
Conflicting versions have been sent
to America of the story of the Bon
martinis. That story is one that ap
peals strongly to the Italian tempera
ment. It begins with love that found
its grave in marriage and was re
vived with another for its object. But
from these commonplace beginnings
of tragedy has been evolved a tan
gled maze of mystery and crime such
as only passion and fate, love and
h:ite. can weave. It possesses all the
elements of a great detective story.
It abounds in situations that would
have made the fortune of a novelist.
•-FATHER DENOUNCES.
In this drama, which culminated in
such a piece of human butchery as
could hardly be dignified by the name
of assassination, one figure stands out
in heroic relief. It is that of Dr. An
tonio Murri, one of the foremost of
Italian physicians and professor of
the University of Bologna. A Senator
at Rome and possessed of the old
Roman spirit of the supreme duty of
the citizento the state, he did not hes
itate to denounce to the authorities
his son— his only son— as the murderer
of Count Bonmartini.
His daughter, Linda, had married
the Count in 1891. Before that she
had had a love affair with Dr. Carlo
Secchi, one of her father's favorite pu
pils, but she appeared to have got
over that. For some years she and
the Count seem to have lived happily
together and two children were born
to them — a boy and a girl. Then in
compatibility of temperament and
tastes began to chill their -affection.
High strung and nervous, she ' was
intellectually ..much-_h£r_hysband's su
perior, and he ci/a poor figure in the
society in which slie^ shone. Urged by
her to take up some serious study and
make something of himself, he went in
for medicine, but the result simply
demonstrated that his abilities were of
a hopelessly mediocre character. The
rift between them . widened. . It is al
leged that he consoled himself with
other women and treated her cruelly.
They separated for a time and then
tried the experiment of living together
again, but now there was not a ves
tige of love left on either side and mu
tual antipathy and contempt had taken
its place. Things were ripening for the
tragedy.
LOVER DISPLACES HUSBAND.'
About this time Dr. Secchi again
came into the Countess' life. He had
little difficulty in rekindling the old
flame and soon he held the place that
should have been her husband's. He
was a friend of her brother, Tulllo
Murri, who had become a barrister,
and filled the position of a magistrate
and municipal councilor at Bologna. It
throws a queer light on Italian society
that this brother, Instead of rounding
on Secchi, warmly espoused his cause.
Italian ways are not American ways,
and the fact that Secchi already had a
mistress and was a notoriously" im
moral man made no difference to
Tullio. ' .;■&,-
According to the prosecution, the
three plotted together to g^t rid of
thft Count. Tullio, it is alleged, in
duced his mistress, Rosina Monettl, to
take part in the evil game, and found
another ally in his friend, Dr. Plo
Naldi, who was hard up and willing
to risk his neck for money. Tullio, it
is alleged, conceived the idea, of mur
dering the Count by pricking him,with
a hypodermic syringe containing a
poison with which certain tribes of In
dians tip their arrows when they go
on the warpath, but Secchi argrued
that it could not be depended on to do
its fatal work quickly- enough and
proved it by an experiment of which
a lamb was the victim.
CUIiMINATION OF PIXXT.
v When the Count was discovered
dead in his palace there were no less
than thirteen wounds in his body.
Some feminine finery was scattered on
the bed,. there was the bloody Imprint
of a woman's hand on the wall and a
letter in a woman's handwriting,' mak
ing an appointment with him, was
found in the room. That letter, the
police declare, was written by Rosina
Bonetti, at Tullio's dictation, and with
the ffeminine apparel had been placed
in the Count's room to throw them off
the ecent by creating the impression
that -his murder was the sequel of a
vulgar • intrigue with an abandoned
woman in league with thieves and cut
throats.' - :■:'■
-Tulllo' and Naldl are accused of ac
tually killing the Count and the other
three- prisoners ot being accessories.
Not the least striking, of - the many
dramatic situations in which- the grew.
some story abounds. Is; that { which '.re
veals Tulllo; In his' capacity of magis
trate, leading the pollge Into the Cham-"
ber : of death and taking an . inventory
of Its contents.' " <• "-' ' •....•>
It 1s a strange blending": of,, fate and
circumstances that brought { these five
people together and landed, them In; the
grim iron cage. The Countess and. her,
brother are the chief objects of popular;
interest and speculation." I-It Is orie r of
the puzzles of heredity that Dr.'AntonLo-
Murri, a model of rectitude, .well ; baK
anced, a vigorous man, both bodily and
mentally, should be the f ather .of two
such children. ' ':" i ; ,V ,
COUNTESS REMAINS -.CAL3IJ
The Countess owes nothing;^ her
powers of fascination to beauty. iASlfe
Is a little woman with swarthy 'fea'
tures and has ; lost the sight of one
eye. When the police, accompanied by
a lot of Journalists, came, to her*fath
er's house to arrest her, . she" took the
matter very calmly. In her dressing
gown she opened . the door of ; her room
and : invited them all to enter. > ;
"We air wept," wrote one of itlfe.Ital?
Ian reporters, describing ' the : scene . in
his: paper,, "but Linda /dressed,'
brushed her : hair and, with incredible
cynicism,, cleaned her_ teeth." £ ■
Durine'the; two •■ years ' that she - has
already spent in prison her thoughts
apparently have all been for her lover.
Secchi. She wrote letters to him when
ever she got a chance; but sent no mes
sages to her father, who adored, her.
or to her two Innocent children. - In
court at times she- has- presented a
pitiable figure of a woman overwhelmed!
by sorrow and trouble seeking relief in
tears. Her mother declares that she
is Innocent of all complicity in her hus
band's murder. ■<
CHARACTER OF ACCUSED.
Of all the prisoners Tullio Murri
shows the least concern in the proceed-
Inf s. He Is either absolutely shameless
or possessed of superb courage. Pro
fessor Lombroso, the great Italian crim
inologist. sayy that the formation of
his skull alone suffices to classify him
among the "irresponsibles." He de
clares that he is "neurotic" and tainted
with "that- latent: hysteria that is often
met with in persons of homicidal tend
encies." He reasons that Tullio. was
the slave of an "ungovernable Impulse."
generated v by the conviction, well
founded or otherwise, that his sister
had long been the victim of the. Count's
brutality. ~ . ...
Though his mind may be of the/ab
normal type, Tullio certainly .pos
sesses much energy and. ability.
Passing through the various staees of
socialism, he finally adopted the polit
ical creed of the , anarchist. That it
well suited him may be inferred from
the fact that he once composed a-trag
edy in verse in which all the characters
kill one another in the last act /
- Rosina Bonetti is also regarded by
Lombroso as an irresponsible. He says
she is hysterical, epileptic, neurotic and
half-paralyzed. She is the most pitiful
figure of the five. In court her eyes are
ever fixed on .Tullio, her lover, hoping
that he will bestow on her some glance
of affection, which he never does. Her
attitude suggests that of a faithful dog
toward an indifferent master. What
she has done she has done simply be
cause he told her to do it. That was
enough for her.
For Secchi and Naldi no sympathy
whatever is felt. The former was ar
rested lc-ng after the other four, 'when
he must have thought all danger for
him had passed. The greater therefore
was the blow to him. He is hardly
recognizable as the spruce, alert, well
groomed man he was before the prison
gates opened for him. His attitude is
one of complete dejection. It is not the
bearing that one associates with con
scious Innocence.
HEALTH INSPECTORS MAKE
A RAID ON MILK WAGON'S
Keep Midnight Vigil in Outlying Dis
tricts and Secure Many Samples
for Analysis.
Acting under orders of Health Of
ficer Ragan, four milk inspectors of
the Health Department kept mlditight
vigil in the outlying districts, lying in
wait for milkmen. Every wagon that
came along was stopped and samples
of . milk . weire taken for - chemical
analyses. . When the inspectors came
iulo the Health Department's labora
tory 'they were loaded down with bot
tles of milk. Dr. A. C. Bothe, super
intendent of the Pure Food Depart
ment, and Dr. F. G. Canney, bacterio
logist of the Health Department, are
now trying to discover whether the
milk has been adulterated, whether it
comes, up to the proper standard for
butter fats and whether the germs in
the milk are not greater than the num
ber prescribed for the public.
Dr. Ragan has had samples of milk
taken from the cans sent in by ship
pers. A chemical analysis of the sixty
or seventy samples taken shows that
the quality of milk sent into the city
Is better than ever before. The mid
night inspection is for the purpose of
ascertaining whether the milk is wa
tered after it is turned over to the
drivers. If this is proved many ar
rests will follow.
Dr. Ragan and Dr. Hassler visited a
number of dairies in the outlying dis
tricts yesterday and found deplorable
conditions. The dairies on Berlin
street, according to Dr. Ragan, are
filthy. He also found thirty cows graz
ing on marsh land and notified the
owner that if the cows were not kept
off the land he would be arrested and
prosecuted. He found cows feeding in
a corral that- was filled with sewage
and notified the. owner to have the
sewage deflected Into Its proper chan
nel and to clean up his place gener
ally. ;.;■ >:;:•
The girl who is "out of sight" isn't
generally the one who Is out of mind.
■ | m»M^^B aijt^ -~Jj_ --— 'I ill K?H if TiT fr-HW
TAKES A SLAP
AT OUR WOMEN
Dr. Eeicli of England, Says
That Maternal Influence
Is Absent in This Country
IMPORTANCE IS GREAT
Mothers, Says Physician, and
Not Societies, Are the
Heal Regulators of Nation
Special Dispatch to The Call
. LONDON, Dec. 3.— After one of his
university lectures In London recent
ly, Dr. Emll Reich was, reproached by
an American woman for some of his
comments in his Among Na
tions." .
"Madame," thundered the doctor,
tossing his leonine mane, "the United
States is in reality an empire, and
such defects as I have observed in the
American woman are part of the price
you" have to pay for being an empire.
If I were an . American woman I
should say, 'The man Reich may ba
right, but without these qualities of
American women the United Statas
never could have been what it is. They
were, the very qualities that were
needed for the occasion."
One of the weekly papers here got
up a symposium on the mothers of
famous men and asked Dr. Reich to
contribute to it, wfth a portrait of his
mother and a word of comment. His
comment Is so bristling with interest
that it is worth quoting .entire, as fol
lows:
"In lectures and In books," say3 Dr.
Reich, "I have repeatedly given ex
pression to my conviction that moth
ers are more Influential than any sys
tem of education or instruction.
Whether Schopenhauer is right or
wrong in saying that we inherit our
intellect from our mothers. It is inde
pendently-true that the ethical equi
librium so. decisive for our life can be
secured by. real maternal influence
more rapidly and more abidingly than
by any other influence.
"I do not hesitate to~say that the
maternal' influence is most
distributed among the various nations.
It is supreme in France, and in som'i
of the Catholic portions of Germany.
It is rather tame in Austria; spas
modic in Hungary; lacking tone in
England; absent In America; Jewish
mothers too frequently overdo it.
"The young Englishman, left early
to his own resources, falls victim to
brooding over ethical problems, which
the constant tenderness of a mother
can obviate, but no philosophy can
solve. Hence his constant hungering
for ethical teaching; the waste of
much precious time on attempts to
"arrange or judge, life according to
strict "principles, " and all the vain
strivings of so many young men to
makeup for the irretrievable loss of
maternal influence. Hence the eccen
tric absurdities to which movements
such as temperance, vegetarianism,
etc., are carried. The great regulator
of a nation's ethical nerves Is not 'so
cieties for ,' but the mother."
PRESS CLUB EXPECTS BIG
CliOWX) AT TIVOLI THURSDAY
"King Dodo" Will Be Attraction,
Especially Embellished for News
paper Men and Friends.
The Press Club will have the Tivoli
next Thursday night — all of It, from
the roof to the box office. "King
Dodo" will be -{he attraction. The
lyrics of the opera have a charm not
possessed by many of the later light
operas and the lines teem with brisk
epigrams.
But the Press Club boys are not en
tirely satisfied with the work of the
playwright. So "King Dodo" is to be
embellished. Finishing touches, hav
ing a club flavor, are to be made. The
lines are to be interspersed with local
Jokes and new topical verses will be
sung. 'Even the ordinarily dull Inter
missions will have their part. in the
merry-making — in fact, the best of the
side play is promised in the interims.
The newspaper men say there will not
be a dull moment from 8 to 11.
The annual theatrical entertainment
has become a feature of j the Press
Club. There will be new life to the
pretty opera next Thursday night. The
features will be additions, rather than
substitutions. The price of seats is
$1 and the advance sale is said to be
very heavy.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
' ; • .-■-■."•*r >^l
During December we are going to offer boys* and
youths' clothing below the regular prices from time to time.
Each value will be announced in "The Call.
We do this to encourage mothers visiting our. store.
When once in this big establishment they are sure to
see the many useful holiday presents for men and boy9.
We place on our sale counters to-morrow some Norfolk
suits, as pictured, at $3-00-
They are made of all-wool winter weight material — fan-
cy mixed and solid blue cheviots; the coats come single and
double breasted, the pants are knickerbockers, as pictured, or
plain style ; ages 7 to 14 years.
Buy your son a suit now — save money and also avoid the
Oaps for Boys
Golf caps, in a good assortment of patterns, 15c*
Yacht caps, in quite a variety, 25c« s
Sailor caps in the new large shapes, 45c«
*
Sweaters for Boys
Wool sweaters, plain shades, such as garnet, navy, black"
and oxford: also combination stripes, worth $1.25 and $1.00;
otory oooRs Free
With all^ purchases in our juvenile department we give
illustrated story-books free. They are suited to little fellows.
Join Our L/ibP2MPv
w
Boys from eight to fiftceen years should join our library,
containing books by the best story writers. If your parents
are patrons of this store you are entitled to membership. In-
. W, SMWooPsro If
740 Market. Street*
ADMIXISTRATIORS SUED
OX GROUND OF FRAUD
They Are Accused of DiverUnj? to
Their Own Accounts Proceeds
of Sale of Stocks.
TACOMA, Dec. 3. — Suit has been
Instituted by the Tacoma Company
against J. D. Mclntyre and Robert
Thompson, administrator of the estate
of the late C. "W. Thompson, and The
odore Shenkenberg to recover $14,
000, alleged to have been diverted to
their own accounts from the proceeds
of sale of stock. The Tacoma Com
pany was organized more -tharc three
years ago with a capital stock of}25,
000,000 to promote a steel plant and
other Industries. C. W. Thompson,
one of the trustees, was lost, on the 111
fated steamer Clallam last January.
Sailor Meets Accidental Death
PORTLAND, Or., Dec. 3.f-Refused
permission to so ashore from the
French ship Jules Gomes, Yoes Marie
Moigne, a sailor, endeavored to escape
from the vessel by leaping, from the
main deck to the wharf at which the
ship was lying. Moigne struck his
head against the dock, rolled down
the chute-, and was drowned in the
river. His home was in 'Andierne,
France, where he left a wife and four
children.
Letcher May Not Be Extradited.
SACRAMENTO. Dec. 3. — Governor
Pardee to-dfly announced that he
would refer to the Attorney General
for an opinion the matter of the ap
plication for a requisition for the ex
tradition of George E. Letcher of San
Jose, ';. whom persons in Williams
-County, : Ohio, rare" seeking to have
ADVEBTISE3JENTS.
brought there to answer to an old
charge of arson. The Governor says
he desires to have a legal opinion on
several of the questions involved.
An expert' Is a person who knows a
lot about things In which we are not at
all interested.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
You will always find the finest
fabrics for suitings, trouserings or
woolens for overcoats that the mar-
ket contains at A. B. Smith Co. We
carry an exclusive and reliable stock
of correct • styles in everything that
constitutes style and beauty in fab-
rics, and we will nt. finish and make
you a suit or '• overcoat at a rea-
sonable price and you pay only $1.00
per week to keep yourself stylishly
dressed.
A. B. SMITH CO.
s 116 ELLIS STREET,
NearPowlLADVE^lTlSEilENTS.
What Sulphur Does
For the Human Body in Health and
Disease.
The mention of sulphur will recall to
many of us the early days, when our
mothers and grandmothers gave us our
dally dose of Bulphur and molasses
every spring and fall.
It was the universal spring and fall
"blood purifier," tonic and cure-all, and,
inind you. this old-fashioned remedy
was not without merit.
The idea was good, but rtie remedy
was crude and unpalatable, and a large
quantity had to be taken to get any ef-
fect.
Nowadays we get all the beneficial ef-
fects of sulphur in a palatable, concen-
trated form, so that a single grain is j
far mo e effective than a tablespoonful
of the crude sulphur.
In recent years research and experi-
ment have proven that the best sulphur
fo- medicinal use is that obtained from
Calcium (Calcium Sulphide) and sold
in drug stores under the name of Stu-
art's Calcium Wafers. They are small
chocolate-coated pellets and contain the
active medicinal principle of sulphur In
a highly concentrated, effective form.
Few people are aware of the value of
this form of sulphur in restoring and
maintaining bodily vigor and health;
sulphur acts directly on the llver-'and
excretory organs and purifies and en-
riches the blood by the prompt elimina-
tion of waste material.
Our grandmothers knew this when
they dosed us with sulphur and mo-
lapses every spring and fall, but the
crudity and impurity of ordinary flow-
ers of sulphur were often worse than
the disease, and cannot compare with
the modern concentrated preparations j
of sulphur, of which Stuart's Calcium
"Wafers Is undoubtedly the best and
most widely used.
They are the natural antidote for
liver and kidney troubles, and cure
constipation and purify the blood in a
way that often surprises patient and
physician alike.
Dr. R. M. Wilkins while experiment-
Ing with sulphur remedies soon found
that the sulphur from Calcium was su-
perior to any other form. He says:
"For liver, kidney and blood troubles,
especially when resulting from consti-
pation or malaria, I have been sur-
prised at the results obtained from Stu-
art's Calcium Wafers. In patients suf-
fering from boils and pimples and even
deep-seated carbuncles, I have repeat-
edly seen them dry up and disappear in
four or five days, leaving the skin clear
and smooth. Although Stuart's Calcium
Wafers is a proprietary article, and
i=old by druggists, and for that reason
tabooed by many physicians, yet I
know of nothing so safe and reliable
for constipation, liver and kidney trou-
bles, and especially in all forms of skin
disease, as this remedy."
At any rate people who are tired of
pills, cathartics and so-called blood
••purifiers" will find in Stuart's Calcium
Wafers a far safer, more palatable and
effective preparation. ""•. ":. ''.'■
Jt rOK GIFTS IH FISTS
y Diamonds — Watches \ \
\ MONDAY. DSC. 5th. ' ,
r Special sale of sterling sil- 1 (
ver and gold-filled adjustable
, > bracelet Watches, fully cuar- | '
\ auteed; regular price $io {
\ and $12; sale UlCZ CZf\ .
I, price 3>D.OU'\
J R O Y*S 21 1 KEARNY ST. '
I-nrcre lire Visits Town of Kennett.
REDDING, Dec. 3. — A fire that
started this morning in the barroom
of the Smithson Hotel at Kennett,
nineteen miles north of this city,
swept away every building on the
east side of the railroad track In the
little town. The depot was saved. The
loss is $15,000 and the insurance
probablv half thnt amount.
A mule that draws a grievance Is like
a fhip without a rudder.
THIS WEEK'S SPECIALS " i
cJ(Wf*U Tills Solid Oak ©S^^B^J^J Solid Oak
n) ' / /if tadiei' Dress- Y^^~ r^55^*^M Bock«r — Just
lj| ffypMft to? Table-W'lth Vf^^^S^^ aspictured
/jj / J j,|\ French plate 7 h e r e > turned
/;$S§zkd#\ bevcl elBLSB, \\ \\WilMA E P indles back
. /.i^iJ* " __X V - -Lg-aK large drawer. es£s&i\ \wl'- Itarff and sIdes : «""
l^aKMs^^^French legs, l?^8LJiiMl|pi ished in golden
ngj finished in quar- oak, piano pol-
il polish'. Regular *^^^^^F^*l^ this week
IS price $9.00; for n' i o«'«Ti I •^•^••5^- This
U In all Styles a^d jLja*' Gift!" ' 8 l m a s
[T 'I 84O.OO. '
- i^^^^Sr Jardiniere otanos.
4^ r> , jrrrff roman Tj^T ~ j "*jffl. in two different
&W&*?£i^W ♦ P& A ur^* \\[ if // styles, one of the
sT^^v\ !S*^ m i // W^
7/liajtfa-:w4 Gtoide r a oak \ W fc d{ finished in Gold-
ffl £_ V. "y. up- //■ 5 \ i en Oak or Ma-
if A holttered In // A _\\ < «
s a veiour or 4L., \ v^ koganyy only. . .
2? O5c each. ....-...;. £ 5C
Saturday night, between 7 and 10 o'clock. 750 drummers' samples of Car-'
pet. In remnants of % yard to 1% yards. Tapestry, Axminster. Velvet. Body
Brussels, from 2.1c up.
For useful and ornamental Christmas Presents, we can guarantee to suit
you in our establishment. Prices and terms positively the lowest. Tou are
wplcome to look or buy. Goods selected now will be kept and delivered for
Christmas. i .
Eastern Outfitting Company ££££
WE FT7B9TZSH HOUSES COMPLETELY. ALL CABS LEAD TO OUB STORE.
COUJTTBX OBDEK3 SOLICIXED. ,. :
FAIR HANDS UNVEIL A BRONZE
STATUE OF BLIND MILTON
DESCENDANT OF POET'S PATRON OFFICIATES
LONDON, Dec. 3.— It was a particu- j
larly appropriate selection— that of
Lady Alice Egerton to perform the task '
of unveiling the new statue to Milton in !
Cripplegate the other day. •
Lady Alice, who is the wife of the
Earl of Egerton, is also a descendant
of that Earl of Bridgewater who was '
Milton's stanch friend and patron. It:
was for the entertainment of his fam- >
ily — a very numerous one, by the way, j
consisting of no less than fifteen chil- •
dren — that the "Masque of Comua" *vas '
written. The story was founded on an
incident in the x life of the eleventh
daughter, herself a Lady Alice Egerton. ',
And when it was first performed at the !
Earl's castle at Ludlow it was she who !
was cast for the Lady. \
The associations of the family are not
only closely connected with the life of'
the poet, but with Cripplegate church,
in which he found a final resting place
and near which his new statue stands, i
The Earl who lived in Milton's day was '
a regular worshiper at St. Giles, Crip- j
plegate, and often helped ring the same
bells which pealed forth Joyously the j
other day when the statue was uncov- i
I ered. The town house of the Bridge- j
j waters stood on the site now occupied j
I by Cripplegate Institute, not far from j
I the church, and it is supposed that Mil- j
j'ton took up his residence in the parish
that he might be near his powerful
friend.
Milton was born in London, lived the I
greater oart of his life in London and j
died in London, but until the unveiling;
of the Cripplegate statue no monument '
to him existed in the city which is so
intimately associated with his fame. It
seems strange that for nearly two and
a half centuries after his death his
memory should have been thus neglect
ed, despite the fact that he has long
been proclaimed the greatest of Eng
lish poets next to Sliakespeare. But the
truth is, though English folk accept
this statement as a correct estimate of
bis place in literature, few of them read
his poetry in these days. It has been
said that several hundred shots might
be fired from a Maxim gun in any of
London's busiest thoroughfares without
incurring much risk of hitting any one
who could repeat from memory a single
line of "Paradise Lost" or "Paradise
Regained." Had not J. J. Baddeley,
deputy alderman of the Cripplegate
ward, offered to defray the cost of the j
statue it is quite possible that another
century might elapse before London
would have an opportunity to gaze
upon his effigy in bronze. The offer
was made conditional on $10,000 being
subscribed to the fund for restoring the
church in which he is buried. It took a !
year to obtain the money, which may j
be taken as a fair measure of the great .
Puritan poet's popularity at the present
day.
STATUE IS OF BRONZE.
The statue, which ha3 been molded
in bronze, depicts Milton in the prime
of life, when the plan of "Paradise
Lost" was more and more filling" his
mind. He is . represented gaz:ng
heavenward, as though seeking in
spiration for his great work, and the
pose renders peculiarly appropriate
the quotation inscribed on the pedes
tal:
O, spirit '. . . what In me is dark
Illumine, what is low raise, and support:
That to the height of this groat argument
I may assert Eternal Providence,
And justify the ways of God to men.
The sculptor, Horace Montford, has
taken as his portrait authority a bust
executed by Pierce about the year
1C54. '-*&'}
Perhaps among the work girls and
operatives who, from the serried win
dows of factories and warehouses',
looked down on the inaugural cere
mony there may have been some
humble descendant of the poet. All
trace of them has long been lost. Mil
ton's domestic life was not a happy
one. He was thrice married, but only
by his first wife did he have any chil
dren — three daughters. The first of
these. Mary, died unmarried. The sec
ond, Anne, married a builder and died
in giving birth to her first child.
Deborah, the youngest and best be
loved of them, was discovered in her
old age by the fashionable and literary
A D VEKTI SEM ENTS.
lHE SAN FRANCISCO :CALL, ' SUNDAY, 7 /DECEMBER' 4, 1904;
BROXZE FIGURE OF ENGLISH
POET AXD THK TITLED DAME
"WHO UNVEILED IT.
world of London living in dire poverty
and something was done to smooth
her last years. The last surviving de
scendant of whom anything is known
was his granddaugther, Elizabeth Fos
ter. Poor and sorrow-laden, she was
found at 66 in a chandler's shop In
Shoreditch. Dr. Johnson organized a
ptrformance of "Comus" for her
benefit. Something like $650 was thus
obtained. The husband and wife quar
reled over the question In whose name
the money should be invested. .
While Milton's descendants were lost
sight of in poverty and obscurity, his
patron's family nourished and pros
pered. Four Earls of Bridgewater suf
ficed to make the fourth a Duke, but
the Dukes ran out with the third of
them. However, he had a nephew,
who was George Granvllle, Marquis of
Strafford, and by and by the first Duke
of Sutherland, and to this nephew 'the
last Duke of Bridgewater bequeathed
the greater part of his immense prop
erty, including the famous picture gal
lery, valued at $750,000. There was a
reversion to the Marquis' second son,
Lord Francis Leveson-Gower, who
thus came in for something like
5450,000 a year and in due time was
created the first Earl of Ellesmere.
He was the grandfather of the present
Earl, the father of Lady Alice Eger
ton, who unveiled Milton's statue.
LADY ALICE ARTISTIC.
The family has inherited much of
the literary and artistic tastes of the
poet's patron. Lady Alice Everton
writes poetry and has brought out a
book called "The Lady of the Scarlot
j Shoes." But it is with her brush she
most excel?. She has become an art
ist by profession and has a studio of
her own In Drompton. The eldest
daughter, .Lady Mabel Egerton, and
the youngest. Lady Leila, are both ac
complished women, » who sing and act
' and are in great request in their own
1 exclusive circle. Lady Beatrice Kemp,
J the married daughter of the family,
Ls also a clever" woman with definite
opinions of her own, who reads much
and writes well, both - In prose and
J verse. Another daughter, Lady Helen,
i met with' an. untimely, death at 17. She
•was lying ill of some trifling malady
; at Bridgewater House when a. young
footman in a fit of Jealousy. shot dead
• a housemaid. with whom he had fallen
'• in love. The tragedy, .caused such a
1 shock to Lady Helen's system that slW
| died on the evening; of the. same /day."
i The Earl of; Ellesmere Is one of
' England's few lHerary peers and has
! recently published a new novel. He Is
i a notable figure' in, racing, circles, but
i though he owns some of the finest std
'• bles in England he . has never made a
i bet. In the agricultural /world he cre
. ated a sensation by a special breed of
.white pigs;" he is also known as the
' man. who gave $5250 ; for a: fighting
> gamecock. Compared' with such
i claims to; distinction as these, the fact
1 that he owns the . finest private picture
J gallery in London appears; but a trif
ling, matter, though'tlt does boast
i among other, treasures four, Raphaels, 1
fifteen Teniers, Titan's; world ; renown-
I ed "Three • Ages 'of I Man" •;' and Van
dyck's only attempt -to paint, the "Vir
gin and Child." ' * j
BEAUMONT, Tex.,"' Dee. 3.— The Jury tn
the case of the United ' States ' against " ' J.' • p
Withers, ; former, president of the American Na
tional Bank of : Beaumont, >" charged * with : em
bezzlement j and misapproprlataion •■■■■. in ; ,. 1002
of $3S,000 of the ; funds of the bank, • returned
a verdict of not. guilty: to-day. ■■; . . •■;■•
h It's yery, hard for one woman to trust
another one' who • cam wink ; real 'well. 1 ;*;'
RARE VOLUMES
WILL BE SOLD
Ancient Psalter and Bible
of ilobert Burns Are to
■-Be Offered in London Soon
LONDON, Dec. 3.— "I suppose some
rich 'American will' get^ the Psalter,"
said a dealer In rare editions yesterday.
"They seem to be getting everything of
the kind now-a-days. But he will have
to pay a stiff price for it."
As a matter of fact it is expected
that the Latin Psalter of 1459, which is
to be sold in London on December 10,
will produce the largest sum ever paid
at auction for a printed book. That
seems likely enough, too, when one con
siders, the wonderful way In which the
value 'of this rare work has increased
In recent times. It is printed on vellum
and with wonderful capital letters, the
method of whose production still puz
zles the student, is one of the great
monuments of early printing. Twenty
copies of the Psalter are supposed to
have 'been printed, of which about a
dozen have been found. The present
one was discovered In the library of an
■ ■ W§Ml!MMfi^ Some Advice on Clothes
.,. : .J|m^^^^^^^^lp -With -a Few Words About our
WW^- §^1^^^S^^I§P - $ 10 Made to Order Suits
■$i|K • Wel! ' jt is notas ?° od asa suit and it
■ j|S^^ff^^^^» :^.:. ••«■'■ .'■•;:" j -^, r^ -^§ :^^^^^^m- y° u buy— then you will surely believe it.
r *^f||i^^ Here's whu we will do: If the suit is not
liB^^Pii '■''£*;:/$ r % up to yaur expectation you don't have to keep
/ ' v jt ' We wU1 refund your deposit '
Buy two of these $10 suits— wear them
liS alternately. Have us press one suit while
Ull' 'W^i^^^^mU^^J^S^lT^ you 2re wearin S lhe other - We wiU sponge
&m Wmto I/7 ?nd P ress the garments free. In this way you
f§ff : |}»j^^^^^^^^^^^4 w ' 11 always make a good appearance at a smal!
Hats,$UOO *".> gl. 1^V!\ A Apfc iPh B^ifc "y iC^Tfc Smoking Jackets
We sell a hat for a dollar that is the best, ?^5 7 V* U %, V/ \J iJ Q0 | ff In making your purchases of Christmas
forthe price we ever saw. Buy one and you -ftTT^-7 --■••■■- ■ I >^ gifts remember that smoking jackets are very
■2SSSK 1 SK: i^^^ we " of *' b ' Ui 740 Market Street Powen JS^KSS^ff *"" — ' ron
■ - - •-■■'-■■-■- ••-■•■■'■■ • ■•*'■• y - • •:-•■ ■'■■■-■: I . .. ..and. Eddy I - ■ -■ r
OVER A MILLION FAMILIES RELY UPON PE-RU-NA
■.; ; .:■ j«S^^p^^^!ifc. To Protect ths Home Against tne
woman and child, makes colds and coughs, hron- From a Governor's Home.
chitis and pneumonia, acute catarrh and chronic "I have had occasion to use Peruna in my family
catarrh inevitable in this country. for colds, and it proved an excellent remedy."— W.
.-W"^ M. Lord, Governor of Oregon.
Peruna should always be kept in the house. >.--:.;.
A bottle of Peruna stands as a silent guardian From u a Massachusetts Home.
t lL i nu e'iu i i, Accept my thanks for your kind advice. Peruna
of the health of the household. fj £ found & house »_ w> E Rich .
Millions of households have already realized the mond, 40 Cady St., North Adams, Mass,
benefit of Peruna. From a Washington Home.
Millions of other households .still neglect this "AH the members of our family use Peruna when
valuable precaution. sick with a "cold, and it keeps our health in good
A few doses of Peruna at the right time work condition^— Harris F. Parks, 609 Seventh Ave.,
VVOnderS - • Catte ' aS From an Illinois Home.
Its Value as a prevention is far greater than the ; - k .j g j ■ sayes
wonderful cures it is constantly making. reat many doctQr bills> »_ Lida Rowland, 2160
From a Colorado Home. Grenshaw St., Chicago, III.
"My children were fully restored. The whole From a Missouri Home
family is in perfect health, thanks to Peruna." — "Peruna has been my favorite and only house-
Mrs. Bertha Binkert, 619 N. Wahsatch Ave., Colo- hold remedy for nearly five years." — Mrs. Carrie
rado Springs, Colo. King, Darlington, Mo.
Ask Your Druggist for Free Pe*ru*na Almanac for 1905
Austrian Count' "after his death. 1 ./.',' '
One or two examples will show how
amazingly the money worth of the
Psalter has risen during the last cen
tury or so. In 1813 a copy brought $300.
During the next eleven years it doubled
in price, for in 1S21 a specimen owned
by Sir Mark Sykes brought $650. And
when; in 1881, the same book was sold
again It brought the amazing sum of
$24,750; the buyer being the late Mr.
Quaritch.
This Psalter is one of two especially
tempting lots to be sold on the same
day. the other being Robert Burns'
family Bible. This Bible, printed in
1776, has no great intrinsic value," but it
contains the poet's autograph and it
was used by him and his kinsfolk for
many years. It contains also the record
of the Burns family. The book was
willed "to Robert Burns by his mother,
and then passed to William Nicol
Burns, the poet's second surviving son.
He gave it to his niece, who owns it at
present. Competition for possession of
ADVERTISEMENTS.
it, as well as of the priceless Psalter, is
expected to be keen, but after the.ac
quisition by Americana of the "Paradise
Lost" manuscript and the Shakespeare
Bible the other day there seems little
doubt that they will be carried across
the Atlantic. •.. .' •. .
CKUISE1S TENNESSEE
LAUNCHED AT CRAMPS
Young Daughter .of Governor Frazer
Christens the Armored
YVnrshin.
PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 3. — Under
disappointing weather conditions,
which, however, detracted little from
the brilliancy of the affair, the ar
mored cruiser Tennessee was launched
to-day at the yards of the William
Cramp Ship and Engine Building
Company.
Interest centered in the big war
ship and its schoolgirl sponsor. Miss
Annie Keith Frazer, daughter of the
Governor of Tennessee, and a great
ADVERTISEMENTS.
cheer went up as she broke the bot
tle of champagne on the prow of the
cruiser.
The Tennessee was 58.71 per cent
completed on December 1 and Is five
months ahead of' the contract time.-
Pyrogrnphy Outfits
And all manner of wooden things and
sheepskins to burn. Hundreds of de
signs not shown elsewhere. Inspection
invited. Artist material department.
Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •
HONOLULU DETECTIVES
;: ARE UNDER INDICTMENT
HONOLULU, Nov. 26.— A. McDuffle.
a detective under former High Sheriff
Frown, has been arrested under five
indictments charging him with having
accepted bribes fmrri Chinese gamblers.
Ah On, a former Chinese detoctivr. has
als'» been arrested on similar charges.
The Cmcd Jury is Investigating the
police administration, and it is said tliat
further charges will be made.
2728
fTi^W lts holida y time; it's gift time. Fol.'ow the crowd on a '*'• T^^ii^^XU' ■
Monday. Don't put your money into foolish things. Buy ' /^ Wiml^f^i '
f^~ *r) something that will last. A Christmas of nothing but candy'/^]MlM^C^f)
~\ \.J and nuts leaves only a littered floor on the following day. • 1 •Wf^^i( : \ '
Happiness is founded upon comfort--not upon stomachache. „ x ._;'
One comfort chair is worth a whole candy factory. Buy it now. The price of a box of candy
will pay the deposit and a gift is made. WE WILL DELIVER WHENEVER YOU SAY THE WORD-
•__ ■ ■ . - ■ ■• . • ■■/■._■
* j K ; Jf) . lj |L •*• Very Useful Present for the Home — An Old Mis- B Ifl j ill jji
is £ "Pni. irm.^ rt^^ "7777" Very pp^clai **? • • iJ V/ . ¥k
I £ rirff ?' For Her— A com- V£7 gtt 1 *
I *► area patterns to •—^ — — — — — ~— •—^— — — .^_— _ __ __^___ _ plete line of Writing ! vr BK '
-&— — ; —^^V * choose from. This one dust-proof, lots i iprn ai Desks, in golden or weathered oak. curly n pE s
Sgjfp5^I£223^t "f fliPlves for music; mahogany finish; UCtKAL birchi pilt< mah oKany and birdseye ma- I $\ , ,. , JftHH
£^^ T>B W 'i l her for yPars and 5 ? r^DimiT P Je - ln Colonial, Chippendale. Louis XVI & JS^SS^^L
g I ft ° nly -PU.7J t/KJl,i>Il or old Mission designs; this one jg 25 Ww^^^wRj
u i, others tip to S62.5Q. OF COURSE .' it nV
I W v^^rv^ix^x^ Others run up to $100.00. j U ' IJ ' '
1 ? CARPETS AND DRAPERIES AWo^rn
S?"fn/°5f "Sw =======================3============^^ of G rand^.ttar
i C n^s n t^ nd in sha ;n Carpet Sweepers e ri^ pular i? a^r eli : s s^i c n^ Down Comforts L^Tfn^ HT^Z 1 co^ SkSS 0 - 0^™-
m^h S o/a h fyXl.h 1 S^e^Ives- R Tii ar ,i $3 - 5( i ''I 1 "™ 1 i b °° n tO SI 9S ers; they are aU wel1 «"?« aSd'ffncy BUtched' \tnc teed movlments.
with closet for shav- housewives, while they last, special beautiful line to choose from, at JO./D cathedral gong,
Ins "el "hiss can • « i ■ pyro carved dial;
flowered or 55^35. Lehigh^Brussels %i ln j££rli&%gs$& Bed Sets S^M n ?ftiir»» p c ! e?7ort n 5!oo wh .ift e
Reffir 90 S cTalu.°s : KSSft'pS y^rd° S ? . . f ™?7 65c ' *
AxminSterS of'a^i^ 0^^ 0^^- ° 3 thpr l R without borders; pieces Cu GalorP We are now showing an endless variety of Poster.
or all sizes. Worth $1.C>. Special, not laid, per yard QC r V*U.UiUIl!> VjrUIOre s)lk Tapestry, Satin and Oriental Cushions; Cf|/»
\1T * * * I ".' • '•'*' up from -, . . DUG
E«?yK»a<C».-^gTiri l iirwi«T.r»w l rt« M i« - n.i in. - ■ ■ , T| ..,,, , . ,„ . - - ,„, ,, ' , im , Miiiiiin-Mi^i«iii«iM ■■» »i ■■lliWiii» l^rr..^vrj<^iE^!JWJllBia.^»«'MWfWgt
SLIT BEGUN TO RECOVER
STRAUSS INHERITANCE TAX
Another attack upon the constitu
tionality of the collateral inheritance
law is to be made by Attorneys Ga
routte & Goodwin for Philip I. Fisher,
who is assignee of the claims of Jacob,
Abraham and Sigmund Stern, heirs of
Levi Strauss. The Inheritance tax as
sessed agrainsU them was $39,500 and
when it was paid, under protest, on
June 23. 1904, with interest added, the
tctal amounted to $40,155 48. Fisher
sues City and County Treasurer Mc-
Dougald for the recovery of this sum.
One of San Francisco's Best-Known
Business Men Tells of the Cure
of His Wife and Himself by the
Wonderful New : : : : : :
Electro-Chemic Treatment!
WMsM^S * v . monial below, tells of the' cure of fcim-
PiP^^riQiS^'V ~ ; ' ■ ' «elf and his wife by the Electro-Chemic
W^^Sr' '•"" ■\W'*"< : ' ' ' ' A*?**£- •■■ : treatment, is one of the best known bus-
I»Hl§»riiC*«t«*^''- iaes3 men in San Trancisco. The Chris-
|b83KPbL. i, W-Y < 'j • &■■■■ # : ten Ranch Dairy is known all over the
im^SSMamm^MI^^Wff^ 1^ *i '- city for the hi « rn Quality of the milk
f SafflffilKEl. j- ' '- **/"** V> / ' -' 8erved *° the dairy's customers. Mr.
WfKS&LHiP E&M-X 'j VJC <.,; : 1 Christen and his sons are the sole own-
\ • i*E*!&^ B <&^%PitlPP i ffira$' V 1*0 ers ot thi " most successful business. Mr.
1 " ' "PfflsV^ffWHRBfiffiF V' "* i '"'' i * Christen '.lias been a resident of San
lf*Jfflm aJMBBSBlS'V ■ :'»■': .-.v Francisco for thirty-six years. For six
f '~~jffiP3ia&33&S£Z&&&£S- J '■ '" '■'' ' •■'■■■■ '•>• \ ' years he has lived with his family at
*®Si»®^*slsr2S8Q;>'' < , I" So - 1427 Valencia street. His ranch is
f .v- -*• r- ~s-SS&Be£Eeu^MBifc K^*ft&K>\ situated in San Mateo County, one mile
I W^WSmwf^tffnPmltfrTH^Mmllm^r 1 * nm Colma Station. It is testimonials
MauSfsKvSI^SBkSltt^KSS^f^^Jl^g^^ of well known people who live right
s here in Baa Francisco that have brought
MR. and MRS. J. A. CHRISTEN, 1427 Va. attention of the public in general to the
iencia. ft . San Francisco - - •wonderful curative effects of il:« Elec-
tro-Chemic treatment.
In speaking cf the cure of hi« wife and himself Mr. Christen said: . "My old friend
JaccK Bryun. who for fourt<?en year* wa* postmaster at Colma. knew that I felt badly and
he hirr.sf If having been so successfully treated at the Klectro-Chemic Institute, IIS Grant
ave., San Franci*co, advised me to try the Electro-Chemic treatment, as the medical treat,
ments which 1 had usrd were not reaching my trouble. Eo, on Mr. Bryan's recommendation
I visited tbe Electro-Chemic IneMtule for examination and consultation, which was fiee!
I xva» «o pleaeed with the examination and advice siven me that I did not hesl^te to place
the treatment of my case In the care of the Ek-ctro-Chemic epeclalists at once. ' I am
glad to «3y that raj- improvement was immediate, anif ln about flve weeks* I wag thor-
oughly cured at a entail expense. My trouble was bad circulation end congestion of impor-
tant organ*. My stomach, liver, bowels and kidneys were in a bad condition. This inter-
fered with the RHieral circulation of the blood, and I had dizzy upella, so severe at limes
that I could hardly keep from falling, and, in fact, at one time I did fall down and was
unconscious for some little time. My wife was suffering greatly with rheumatism and con-
certed liver, rfce iwUn below the liver wa« to severe that we feared appendicitis. My wife
had good medical attention, but her trouble continued to grow worse ln spite of> all
we could do. A» I was getting along so nicely I insisted upon my wife taking the Electro.
Chomic course, and we are both delighted to Bay that within two weeks' time she was thor-
oughly cured, ail pain about the appendix and liver disappearing as If by magic. Her rheu-
matiFm, from which ehe had suffered for years, ueems to be thoroughly cured in Just two
weeks treatment by Electro-Chemistry. This eeems so wonderful to me that I am more
than delighted to mske this public acknowledgment of the cure of my wife and myself.
I do this for two reasons: Kim. because I feel grateful. to the Electro-Chemid Specialists
and secondly, because 1 believe that the general public ought to know more about this won-
oeriul new treatment. I believe that I am w«-!i enough known ln a business way for any
one who may read this statement to believe that every word of it is absolutely true
/Simetf) .-,_ J. A. CHRISTEN, 1427 Valencia rt.. San Francisco!
CONSULTATION xr* <£& trC «<
Any ose sufferia* from any of the f oUowincr diseases Is cordially invited to call
at the Electro-Chemic Institute. 118 Grant avenue. Saa Francisco, for free con-
sultation and examination. The Electro-Chemic treatment Is the most scientific
and the most successful treatment known for tbe cure of Consumption, Catarrh.
Aethma, Bronchitis, Rheumatism. Neuralgia, Locomotor Ataxia, railing 1 Sickness!
Eailepcy. Dizziness, Headaches. Spots before the Eyes, Files. Fissure, ristula]
Stricture, Prostatitis, Inflammation of the Bladder, Varlcocele, Nerve Exhaus-
tion. Cancers, Tumors.. Old Sores. Weak Kcait. Palpitation, Shortness of Breath.
Insomnia. Blood Fcison, Skin Diseases. Eczema. Goitre, '.Swollen Joints, Weak
Back, Kidney Diseases, BrUrht's Disease. Diabetes. Special Diseases of Women
Irremlarities. Displacements, Coasrestion. etc., etc. .• . .,
HOME TREATMENT— The Electro-Chemic home .treatment's • most successful It is
always advisable, when the patient can arrange to do eo, to visit the institute for Dersonal
consultation and examination. -If- this is Im possible."; a nhort description of the principal >
rymptoms should be sent, and tul! instructions regarding home' examinations and treatment
«in be promptly forwarded, free of charge. . • »-
THE ELECTRO-CHEMIC INSTITUTE
118 GRANT AYE., Cor. POST ST., SAN FRANCISCO
Office Hour*: fl a. m. to 5 p. m." and 7 to 8 p.m. dally. Sundays. 10 a. m. to 1 p. m. Sepal
rate Apartments for Ladies and Gentlemen.
It is set forth in the complaint that
the tax was paid under protest, but
that the law under which it was col
lected is unconstitutional, being class
legislation and violative of the four
teenth amendment of the constitution
ol the United States.
Strauss died in September, 1902. and
the estate went into probate, bu.. Judge
Ccffey declined to approve the final
settlement and order the distribution
until the inheritance tax had been
paid. The heirs were anxious to have
the estate distributed and said that
damage would have. resulted from fur
ther delay and for that reason the tax
v.-as paid and the protest entered.
ADVEKTISE2HEXTS.
THE SAN # FRANCISCO CALL,: SUNDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1904.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
REVISIONISTS
DISAPPEARING
Sentiment Favoring Changes
in the Tariff Is Hapidly
Dying Out in Washington
Soecial Dispatch to The Call
CALL. BUREAU, HOTEL BARTON,
WASHINGTON, Dec. 3.— Sentiment
for tariff revision Is dying raptrfiy
as Congress Is about to convene.
Members of Congress ' who have
come to Washington from the West
appear to be putting in the fin
ishing: blows on the revision sen
timent by reporting that the will of the
people of the West is to be considered.
The tariff, it seems to be generally be-,
lieved, will be left as it is, at least until
the next regular session of Congress.
The tariff revisionists of the East
have represented the Northwestern
States and Pacific Coast States as be
ing especially insistent on some tariff
changes, but the representatives from
these States say that no such sentiment
exists. Representative Knowland of
California, who arrived here to-day,
says that in his State* there is no senti
ment for tariff revision. He declares
that he has not heard even a Democrat
there any that the tariff ought . to be
charged. . ■
Statesmen from Oregon, Washington,
Minnesota and' the Dakotas say that
they have found among their people no
sentiment for revision, although some
of them are pretty eager for some sort
of reciprocity with Canada. * A mem
ber of the Cabinet said to-day:. j ,
"You can stake your reputation on
this prediction— There 'will be no revi
sion of thf. tariff w ithin p. year from to
day. It is becoming plain that the peo
ple are not rrtady for revision.'.' .' . "'.
I'ock Estate. -Appraised.
OAKLAND, Dec. 3:— An inventory
and appraisement of the estate of the
late John Rock, president of the Cal
ifornia Nursery Association at. Niles,'
was filed to-day and shows the estate
to be worth. $55,994 69. • His share
in the nursery company is valued "at
$28,000, and the , rest of .the estate
consists of cash. The property is left
to his two children,. Florence E. Rock
and Theodore H. RockASyggSwBH&BH
ADVKKTISKALEXTS. r
• -'I -wrltfl to let r<m " enow kow I ' ai.prcclr.te ' your
Cfciefcrets. I commenced taking them Uit Novem-
ber au<1 took two ten cent boxes and panned a tapo-
wo.'in 14 ft. lone.. Then 1 commenced takloe them',
again anil We'lncsdoy. April (th, I pasted another
.tape v.orin Sit ft. lnne a»*l over a thousand •mall
worm*. Previous to my taking Cancarett 1 didn't
know I had a tape-worm. 1 always bad a imall
appetite." . . ... » •
Wa. r: Brown, 18* Franklin St.. Brooklyn, N. T. *
! ' "^fiataw ■■ ■' "C^OYCATrURTlC^";-)^?^^'*
> .-Pl*"»nt, Palatable. Potent. Taste Good! Do Good,
N«Taf Sicken, Weaken or Grip*-, We, tSe. iSc. Nerer
.■old in bulk. The cennlne tablet rtamped CCC.
Uuarantr.e<l to care or your money back.
Sterling Keiaedy Co., Chicago or N.\. 594
AKNUAL SALE. TEN MILUOH BOXES
ACCUSE RURAL
MAIL CARRIERS
Pecent Candidates for Con
gress File Allegations of
"Pernicious Activity"
s WASHINGTON. Dec. 3.- Several
weeks ago, in the heat of the Presi
dential, campaign, complaints were
mnde to the President and to the Post
master General by several members of
Congress who were candidates for re
election that they were being made the
victims of a systematic plan on the part
of the' Rural Letter Carriers' Associa
tion to* defeat them unless they should
accede to certain demands of the asso
ciation. One of these was that the car
riers should .have -an increase of pay. A
special effort -was made by members of
the association to embarrass Repre
sentative Overstfeet of Indiana, chair
man of the Postofflce and Post Roads
Committee of the House, because,, it js
alleged, he, had not done for the rural
carriers what they believed he ought/to
have done.
" Hy direction of the President, an in
vestigation was instituted by the Post
master General. If the charges be main
tained, as is now expected, there prob
ably will be a general overhauling of
the rural free delivery carrier service." *'
TO 'VIEW A LOCAL.. SITE
FOR- A 3IILITAUY RANGE
\ Colonel Filmer of the First Infan
try; Major D. A. Smith, Fifth Infantry;
Captain Grattan of the First Artillery
and Captain Jensen, Troop A, Cavalry,
will accompany Colonel Wilhelni of
the Governor's staff to Glen Park. for
the. purpose of ascertaining if- the lo
cality, is one that is suited for the "pur
pose of establishing a militiary- range
thereon for the use of the various Na
tional Guard organizations in this city.
i-;This being the holiday month, all
drills in the . armories have been dis
continued; until ; the first . meeting in
January.'
; Colonel Wilhelm, Colonel Koster and
Captain Margo ; . have been detailed to
make an inquiry as to the damage
done by the recent fire in the Ellis
street armory. •
Sergeant L. C. Francis, Company A,
Fifth Infantry, acting sergeant major,
•han been relieved' from that duty.'and
appointed first sergeant of the company;
Corporal E. A. Boas ,has been pro
moted sergeant and Privates E. :R.
Cotter; and A. J." Wagner corporals of
the same company.. , In Company. 'C
Private J. C. Pitts has been promoted
sergeant and Private .W. McWhinne
corporal. ; ; ih Company Fj Corporal, A.
J.j Caelho has been promoted sergeant
and ; Privates L.;Moreno, H. Ruefy. Jr.
and J. : J. -Miilich; corporals. In Com
pany. I Privates Louis Kissen arid Elmo
Leonhardt have been promoted cor
porals. A ..'..-'"";.;■ :- '-' .'• ; ■'. -'*.">':->'.' :'■
;':£The... following j^haye
been made in the Fifth, Infantry^ -Wil
liam" Clark ' Farrell, r to ;be^ regimental
sc-rgeant major]' Private Eugene. 7 W:
Smith, band,;, to be : druni^ major; .Pri-^
•.vale; William Sylva/- Company C, to be
musician. .' r .;' ' \\- ■ . :'.'■' ; y j
' .Thirty-four . enlisted . men ■ have been
discharged from i the i Fifth Infantry—
27 on account of removal. 3 'at expira
tion of term: of enlistment, 3 for good
of ; the., service and 1 by. a twofthirds
yote"_of the company.
STOCKS 'STRONG
BUT IRREGULAR
(Conditions in Cotton, Coal,
r Copper* and Iron and Steel
Trades Affect the Market
SOME PEOFIT TAKING
November Proves a ... Banner
; Month, the Sale of Bonds
Amounting to $216,853,000
NEW YpRK, Dec. 3.— To-day's stock
market was strong:, but the strength
was uneven, and a few of the most
prominent stocks closed the day at
fractional declines from last night. The
strength in the market grew out of
conditions in the cotton, coal, copper
and iron and steel trades. Even in the
srrbups affected by these trades there
was some protlt- taking, as In Louis
ville and Nashville, which closed lower
after , erratic fluctuations. ,, United
States Steel touched another high rec
ord for this year on account of rumors
of. still further advances in prices of
steel products and the maintenance of
the present prices for steel -rails. The
large dividend declaration on Boston
and Montana, a subsidiary stock, was
the motive for the buying of Amalga
mated Copper. Outside of these quar
ters of the market and of a list of mis
cellaneous specialties, the movement
was Irregular, Western grain carriers
specially showing a lagging tendency.
INCREASE IN SURPLUS.
The bank statement. carried over av
erages from last week's gold shipments
to Cuba, so that the cash decrease ex
ceeded the estimates, but the $11,000,
000 loan contraction modified the ef
fects so as to leave a nominal increase
in the surplus i*eserve. In view of the
week's large operations, involving
heavy capital outlay, it is evident that
the trust companies' activity- in the
money market is taking over large ac
counts from the banks.
-. Total sales of bonds, $3,040,000.
The conspicuous points of strength
ln this week's stock market have been
sufficient to give tone to the whole
market and have sustained those se
curities in which realizing was in prog
ress, so that such declines as they have
suffered have been limited to small fig
ures. The volume of business has aver
aged nearly 1,500,000 -shares a day,
shov/inp the sustained speculative in
terest in the market.
Records of the November trans
actions at the Stock Exchange show
a total of nearly 32,000,000 shares of
stocks which changed hands during
the month, which Is more by one
third than for. any, previous Novem
ber in the history of the Stock Ex
.change.r; The sales :of bonds also
.tl'tnouh'tect to $218,853,500, made up in
large -part of Issue's, selling below par
andT of; a "more or. .less speculative
character : by reason of convertible
privileges/ contingent interest claims
or, , deoehdence ~ oh -earnings of col
lateral stocks of the same companies.
The. force of the tide of the market
is sufficiently shown "by these figures.
GENERAL OUTLOOK. ".
The cheerful view of the general
outlook for Improvement in business,
the prospect for prosperous harvests
and the expanding demand for nearly
all classes of merchandise form the
broad, underlying basis of the mar
ket, as from the outset of the move
ment, and these influences have been
supplemented by reports, more or less
vague, of departments applying more
especially to individual properties.
The supplies of the money market
also have proved, ample up to this
time to "care for the needs of the large
speculation and " the growing volume
of /new capital issues offering for
absorption. These include an install
ment on the Cuban loan floated, in
this country, the final Installment on
the new Southern Pacific preferred
stock, besides various railroad stock
and bond issues, the sale of which ha3
been announced during the week.
Unconfirmed reports that were an
influence In the week's stock market
dealt with/ the " supposed Northern
Securities settlement, the acquisition
of the 'Lehish Coal and Navigation
Company for consolidating the an
thracite situation, the conversion into
sinking fund bonds of the remaining
$50,000,000 of United States Steel pre
ferred available for that purpose and
plans for the absorption by larger sys
tems of various minor railroads. /
The bond market has been active
and . somewhat irregular. United
States new fours coupons have ad
vanced'^ on call during the week.
Owing to the exceptional rains the
last season the Colorado peach -crop is
larger ' than ■ ever. The Ashenfelter
ranch, near Montrose, alone shipped
over^ 30,000 boxes this season, 2560 boxes
having been packed on the ranch in one
day.
« MEN'S AND BUYV
Sweaters and Jerseys
SI.00 to $5.06
I LADIES' and GIRLS'
I SWEATER- JACKETS
OS Latest Co f n *■>. fi»"T e?e\
3 Patterns i>O.5U tO $7.50
F SWEATER-JACKETS
Prt^rv^ aMe , $1.25 to $2.50 ,
I UlNIDERWEARforMenandWonie^
~ sporting COODS_ - JUTMM | TT riMR nn
ATHLETIC SUPPLIES : 60 V^ S^et! W^^idscc,
MERCHANDISE ORDERS I , Open Saturdays till 10 p. m.
BALLOTS TELL
DAMNING TALE
Handwriting Expert Gives
Startling Evidence in Den
ver Election' Fraud Cases
bfi'OOKED WORK SHOWX
Witness Says Two Different
Kinds of Ink Were Used on
'the Votes in One Ward
DENVER, Colo., Dec. 3. — Startling
developments were made in the Su
preme Court in the trial of the six
election officials of Ward 6. Precinct 9,
who 'are charged with contempt.
George H. King, handwriting expert,
said that fifty-seven of the ballots In
the box had been written by ten dif
ferent persons. The highest number
written by one person was nineteen.
The lowest was two. Five Republi
can ballots were written by one per
son. The other fifty-two ballots on
which the expert noted similarity of
handwriting were Democratic.
/: ."It is evident that two kinds of Ink
were used in the writing of the bal- \
lots," said King. "Whether this was
occasioned by two different kinds be
ing furnished by the Election Com
mission or whether certain ballots
were written outside the booths, of
course, I am unable to say." *r
It la the general belief among the
attorneys who have followed the con
tempt proceedings closely that the re
sult of the discoveries made by the
court will be to 1 bring the ballot box
of every precinct where contempt is
charged into court for examination.
There are six more precincts in which
election officials are awaiting trial for
contempt.
RUSHING WORK
ON EXPOSITION
Several Large Structures
for the Lewis and Clark
Fair Are Nearly Finished
PORTLAND, Or.. Dec. 3. — Next
week will see the completion of the
principal exhibit buildings at the Lew
is and Clark Exposition. With the
foreign exhibits buildings already fin
ished and the administration group
practically done the contractors have
placed large forces of men at work.
The exposition management is equally
anxious to have the buildings com
pleted, as it is a matter of but a few
days now before the exhibits will
begin to arrive from . St. Louis • for
storage. The work that remains to be
done on six of the exhibit buildings is
interior finishings. The group of
buildings commenced last spring are
nearly completed.
The buildings that are so nearly
ready for occupation include the Ag
ricultural Palace, the Liberal Arts
building,, the Fire Department build
ing, the Public Comfort building, the
Public Shelter building and Adminis
tration building. Work is also being
rushed on the Festival Hall, the Ma
chinery, Electricity and Transporta
tion Palace and the Oregon State
building. In the near future another
force of men will be at work on the
new 60.000-foot exhibit building,
which the exposition management de
cided during the last week to build.
Much work' Is being done on the Gov
ernment building on the Peninsula in
Guild's Lake, and there is every rea
son to believe the Government's group
will be ready at least thirty days be
fore the opening of the exposition.
BRUIN YIELDS A BIG
PELT TO .IO1IX l». COOK
County Clerk, With Two Friends, En
joys a Two Works' Hunting Trip
in Round Valley.
OAKLAND, Dec. 2. — With the skin
of a monster bear as evidence of their
prowess, County Clerk John P. Cook,
Supervisor Harry D. Rowe and
Deputy County Clerk Charles Pugh
returned to-day from a two weeks'
hunting trip in Round Valley, Mendo
cino County, where they pitched their
tents a day's ride from Covelo and en
joyed; excellent, sport.
The- country is rough, but it rained
only one day while they were out and
they were able to put in all of their
time hunting. During their stay three
bears were killed, one of which
weighed nearly 1000 pounds, and It is
said to be, the largest killed there in
some years. They also obtained some
pretty baskets from the Indians.
ADVEKTISKMENTS
SIABOO^I "WIREXESS.
WIRELESS
TELEGRAMS
Prominent Druggist of San
Francisco Sends Wireless
Messages.
Smugglers of Chinese and
Opium to Be Caught by;
Wireless.
WILL USE WIRELESS TO
FIKD X0ETH POLE.
Special to Th* Call.
NEW YORK. Nov. 28.— Mr. Calcgarla.
a prominent druggist and president of.
the Italian Chamber of Commerce of
San Francisco, on arrivinr in this city
said:
"During my trip on the 'IiombarfUa* I
sent several Important wireless telegrams
from mid-ocean to both shores or th«
Atlantic and promptly received replies to
them. Every morning I read the worlds
news which was furnished the passen-
gers ln English, French and Italian. I
am satisfied from my personal experienc*
that the Marconi System Is a success. Itt
is invaluable to business men as it en-
ables them to k»>ep in touch with their
office and family and keeps them posted
on the most Important events in all parts
of the world. It also gives passengers a
feeling of safety ln case of danger or ac-
cident as it enables the steamer t» call
for help in case of need."
SEATTLE. Nov. 26.— Wireless station*
in the Puget Sound are to ba promptly,
erected to help catch the smugglers of
Chinese and opium from th* Canadian
line.
Engineers of the Marconi Company
have mad« a careful survey of th» Pa-
cific Coast and have found its posslbllttea
■o promising, not only for commanlca-tlon
from ship to shore, but to and from tha
Hawaiian and Philippine Lilanda. that
installations at various points will follow
at the earliest possible moment. Seven
Marconi stations are already in operation
ln the Hawaiian Islands.
PARIS. Dec. 3.— The French savant, M.
Bernard, is convinced that Nansen toolc
the only feasible route to the North Polo.
He- favors an expedition with two ships
connected by wireless telegraphy. It is
expected that the Prince of Monaco, who.
is greatly interested ln the project, will
contribute the necessary $300,000.
The foregoing telegrams have recently
appeared in tha newspapers of the
country.
Mr. Marconi, the inventor of wireless
telegraphy, has announced - that he will
return to the United States ln a few days
and hopes to be ready on January 1 to
open to the public for commercial busi-
ness the new trans-Atlantic station or
Cape Breton, which will communicate
with the Poldhu trans-Atlantic station, a
distance of 3500 miles. This great event
in the world's history will be followed by
the opening of another trans-Atlantic sta-
tion now nearing completion near Boston.
But few, even among the. best posted,
have even a faint' idea of what already
has been accomplished^ by the Marconi
axstem. It has already been' the means
of saving hundreds of lives and millions
of dollars of valuable property. The Mar-
coni system' is now ln daily operation on
nearly 200 steamers of the Merchant Ma-
rine and men-of-war of several nations.
The Marconi system is now operating
in the service daily newspapers, published
in raid-ocean, on board trans- Atlantic
steamships. This service will eventually
supply news dispatches to hundreds, if
not thousands, of vessels every day. It
ls'estlmated that this branch of the Mar-
coni business will bring the company a
net annual profit of over $700,000.
The receipts of the Marconi Company
during 1303 show the gratifying increase
of more than 700 per cent over those of
1902. and the year 1904 will show a much
greater increase.
The earnings of one department of this
company (the Trans-Atlantic), -when in
full operation, will alone be sufficient to
pay an annual dividend of 15) per cent
on the present capitalization.
The Trans-Pacific Marconi service,
when fully equipped and in operation, is
capable of earning $976,000. net, per an-
num.
The Marconi system is now entering
the stage where it is becoming a serious
competitor of the cables. The cost of Its
installation, of maintenance and of opera-
tion id so small compared with that of
the cable and wire systems that It can
afford to transmit messages for LESS
THAN HAL.F the price of th* old sys-
tems, therefore it stands to reason that
the public always gives the preference
to the cheaper rate.
Electrical inventions offer the greatest
opportunities of our age. Large fortunes
have been made by those who Invested in
Edison Electric Light and in Bell Tele-
phone. The shares of the Edison com-
pany Increased from $100 to $4000 In one
year. The profits of an original Invest-
ment of $100 in Bell Telephone are to-day
more than $200,000. Marconi securities,
taken NOW, offer as great an oppor-
tunity.
There is no doubt that if of
Marconi securities will hold them for four
or live years he will be able to sell them
for ten or twenty times . the amount h«»
paid for them, and that he will in a few
years more find the Investment ad profit-
able to him as the Bell Telephone stocks
have been to others.
Marconi securities have already In-
creased 100 per cent"' during the past
twelve months, a greater increase in
value than any other security on the
market in the same time, and immediate-
ly following the opening of the, above-
menticned trans-Atlantic stations 'there la
no doubt that Marconi securities will bo
worth from TWO to THREE TIMES or
more the present price. In view of the
above facts you should lo»e no time in
securing all you can afford to take.
As a consequence of the increased a3-
sets and revenues. resulting from the re-
cent opening of several new and Impor-
tant stations the price of Marconi certi-
ficates will be further advanced any day
from $6 to $7 WITHOUT FURTHEK
WARNINO.
Send Immediately for our.- free twenty-
page illustrated pamphlet containing the
most COMPLETE information on the
Marconi system, its uses, the field of its
operations, the record of Its achievements
Its .marine service, its list of over 350
stations in operation all over the world,
and "showing its earnings and enormous
profits. . The. time to buy is now so in-
vestigate at once. If you wait vou will
be TOO LATE. YOUR opportunity will
soon be gone. •■*.
• The stock is full paid and non-assess-
able. Wo receive subscriptions, in blocks
of twenty certificates at $« each for cash
or on easy payments of $10 down and $li)
a month.
. We will send you with our pampblet a
copy of the MIDOCEAN DAILY, a news-
paper published on board passenger
steamers on tbe Atlantic SEND- FOR
IT TO-DAY— RIGHT. NOW— BEFORE
YOU THROW THIS PAPER AWAY;
otherwise you might forget It. A postal
card will do. ,
You are welcome to call at our offlca
and see the Marconi instruments in oper-
ation. . . v
Address all communications and make
f-M checks payable to
F. P. WARD & CO.. Bankers.
408 Crrcsley BJdir.. Pan Francisco. Cal.
Philadelphia. Chicago. New Tork. St. Louli.
-;-To^ can write us in Engilvh, Kr«nch Oar-
man. Italian. Spanish or Scandinavian. 'PILAGl^RS
tx<Jl Dinner Set of ito Pieces— The pieces are snow white porcelain «/. W^^OTT I' ft SZsk ift^'M / Manicure Set— Of French staghorn, sterling silver mountings; set consists " w-^^
GfT daintily traced with gold; the pattern is a standard one, and ■ • \ll\i\ AJ& / 7 ¥W%£g of a large sire hand mirror, a comb brush, buffet, aalve jar; CA 7f . . -
iny broken piece can be easily replaced; reduced from SJ^^Q <$8L // J$mP B&M^ // tweezers, scissors, cuticle and corn knives. A set
Austrian China Dinner Set' — White and gold Austrian china, ioo piecrs; vP^ JsM&&& ■ fl file; comes in a pretty box. Set 1 • J J
tlie vxluc is 5iO-5c*. Our once is th^t usually 2sked lor \ *j L^#| «Jf\>v^wi«/' 11 *^ Xr x _^ *v. m — tt am j t> am .. t^u: : — l*._~ i«t. . .^.^.^^^^ „,..„,.,., . ,, j *__«_ .
- *^ ■ j jtf# tf^ W^lVvsi — wE3^t i-»catner i~ianci isags — inis is a new snapo. witn a covereo anKi riTereQ inunc; iA
frf^^^ Salad Bowls — Xhese are made of fine Austrian— china; have flora] centers . Y$$)fj^^^^ equal of many $2.50 bags. Special..... K *\J\J \S-»'d j< *^ F\
(t. g'tf /, with tinted edges; handsomely gold traced; these bowls ordinarily AQ/« fr^^QgacS*'^ tefffi&^^ Sample Line of Bags Consisting of a large number of $2.00 and $3.00 hand- v£'i><? / \
sold for $1.00 and 75c Your choice T^C bags, with three-piece fittings; they have braided handlcj and $1 JiQ
i^^Pfffii Pitchers-Beautifully decorated pitchers, 1 and 2-quart sizes; handsomely Hunahl lolli Old Santa ClaUS Returns. moire lining; all are up-to-date and a fine stock. Special at. -^ l.T^ ufi£$ff%r~f
*V^ ftr>/wrBT>2i tinted; in gTeen, blue or pink; they have flora! sprays, and the top and li ■ , r Opera Bags, Boston Bags, Combination Purses, etc, op to...'. $*)(\ t\(\ Vt
/^^jAs' i ' i \\^Sa handles are handsomely gold stippled; they were bought to sell for *} Cf V v:-, • -
vrf%^;:£j$^ 50c and 35c Our special price <LJL ThCT6 will be Finished Pin Cushions— Satin or silk pin cushions, round, .quart $J Frt A^Cv- ¥^1
Decorated Cuspidors — These are plain white, with floral spray here OQ- , . and oblong; all colors; hand-painted. 45c to I •DU
»^4^^5*~* >^*' and there; they have a gold line on the edge; regnlarly 40c. Special C.J'X. tt Cr* JTipf fl f flff Ortf ttfl '* Battenberg Lace Scarfs — Real hand-made Battenberg laee scarfs C^ fZ(\ JS^^^j^C^if-
Art-Jardinieres— These are of Utopian ware; look like real RooWWood; sJI/IHCIlIiliy MUlllK} ■;;■ with linen centers.. Special value at l.DV
inf lWTYirt t h C y have assorted decorations, and there are two shapes to make your . p „ ■ Lace Bed Sets— We have one of the most beautiful lines oJ lace b«d sets
choice from; a 7-inch, $1.19; 8-inch, $1.98; 9-inch, $3.98; $T QQ al rragerS to be found anywhere. They vary in price from %i.t$ a $4 C f\i\
10-inch J.yO M * - set to - 1*J»\JU
Sugar and Cream Sets— We have the largest assortment of medium-priced . Every MOWing Creamer— 1847 Rogers Bros.' Ax satin finished bowl, oddly engraved JT-
decorated china sets in the city; pretty little sugar and cream $T C/) fc f m g . 3O untll noon> there after until closing time, th« „ *[*?£ le £ ••/• '" ".'' ".' " ''". '"." '""' " '.' "."".": " f
tsets. worth 75c. arc here at 50c; others at 75c, $1.00. $1.25 up to "J. JU ™ ls weeK 3al shopping inducements will prevail. Sofa Cushions— Either embroidered or finished with jewels; b nicely mad« RgK
Decorated Tea Sets-3 pieces-a teapot, a sugar bowl and a «C /)/) j P rctty rufflc; ° ne WOrth IeS$ than Your choice J7 QC /JW
creamer. 75C to J»(/\/ (We sngs«it that umall pnrkasri bf taken homr with yon.) | •••• - *" ** m **
SSTJ s llf Boys and Girls! Come and See Old Santa "^ -- m 1£JJS
gggi - 18c Claus Sailing About in His l/p-fo-Dafe Mrship cai^n U J™^ cafe W
SsSS-SS Merc/iand/Se " T _ he Christmas Qn? the mQst wonderful m?chanica i contrivances ever made, and the greatest m a big assortment ures of tbjs big Don t Wl to Ukt VjK 4fcJ/
SRtea Orders 0?/,-° yg °° C attraction ever arranged for children: •• All Prices "w^ "(4ibW)
m^XLn^^ wou, Romany Rye- T/j/s /l/>s/i/p Acf«a//y Sails Around Third I Floor and Light Court ; j _
ttn. ; «.i.t«f..i»f,» fiuil S latest. _ ' it's almost Christmas time! ' Every boy and grtrl knows Just how U/»ffJnif D/M-fumA/.
Zl7r Nothing nicer for Her Name Is Maud - j$ra$?r£ many days 'til Christmas— Christmas with its Santa Claus and TiOilQaj i Cf7Ulllc5 " -' a«tl!l}
.eryiotrpr^ ««C hohdav gifts. By Johnson. chimney place, Christmas with its stockings stuffed so full of ._ baskets and boxe _ Eastman's assortment con- *% -P '^>\
. — ' -V. s ; all the things we want, and way down In aho toe ho ver> , onehalf ounce ' bott , M o( rfume : allthay-Sf V»L
f nviiriAr tr%v Mon M/Am/in j^^lM^M^-^-'^X V^te^^k best of all. Christmas time with all its (good ttfings for little' « popular odors. Special holiday price *p*/^ <CL j&^\
LUAUrHzb iClf friCll dllU iflfUlllCII X^TMh^F.^ girls and little boys. J ; ' Eastman's Royal Petal Extract, fancy boxes; must b« £/\ A^flt^i'J
Comh anH Rn.«Vi «?-♦- r rt , m - n ,„*,*„ ,.,j /r #^ f/\ SsKRStwESa^^ And this year w« have the most wonderful news to tell you. seen to be appreciated. Special DUC <s/\ V&J&X
UomD and Brush bets lor men, women and ff/# Cfj y <Ss^Mm^^'^e^d^^&^^ Listen, grirls and boys! We just received a letter from Santa «*VfV \*rj - \JLWft
ch:ldren; a set ; Claus, sayinc he has found a new way to travel this Christmas. Eastman's Colonial style, gold-«mbossed box; son»»- "Tr (■ T'<"'i*N.
Ebony Military Brushes for men; a pair, Cgflfl Zl %ft^VVZ?l™d -unS IX^d V/.V.-.:: J "I r.":: ! !! I.T:::: A^4ffi\
91.2s to 4>\J,\J\J • Vv\C' vTu --*. // /i-WTyA-eBws "> was planning his visit to the little folks out west by the Golden Eastman's watered silk top box with sold band, tf •# /)A Jt H^ - *V'TV^^
Nethei sole Bracelet— A fine gold-filled- a new C "f "1/1 *x—-$V\ \W\\ *3h/ // Z^5^nl v £, ale - »^ lnderd! R^ndeer wouldn't do. Last year Santa containing 2 1-oz. bottles of perfume. BpeciaJ. 7)7 ill) ~St& \IaI
r,r.r.^'t,. t'^^ . •, , liltu . » " c w *k f III A^ VShWrS*^/ // /iW«ri*FpS! Claus tried an automobile, but he wasn t exactly satisfied, for »T ■* • v v X^^. I/^nl
mneitj. tor women and children 4/ I . 1 V J^ i^^^S^//>5 l ?i^^ - automobiles are not very good when it comes to getting over Eastman's Royal Extract. 2-ounce cut-glass stop- *> A Ar 2**{K+
Brooches — Gold-filled; for women and children 7O f® the houBB to P s an<J down chimneys, so dear old Santa Claus pered bottl«; watered silk, satin-lined box; res;- *S 7 >/S *>»^^S>J^5^*
'•• I\jC ( C\VVT^^f J ?*^Z*^ J,l ' ••c shook his head and fell to thinking of something better — some- ularly $2.00. Special Christmas price 4/ .*•«•%/ " c *' ■"
_'■■■■ '" I^V. .jj y^^^^WSSUt^rU!^ \* thing newer and faster. Oh, f>o much faster than a sleigh with Eastman's -t-oz. package; cut-glass stoppered bot- /m jm -mm*
Jewel Cases — The very newest and prettiest line Cl(\ * P?***>fl4 K|5|jgj|§aegB"- ■'HE ' x— *-v / IP reindeer. At last he struck it. and here is what his letter says: tie. in fancy box. with burnt wood designs. Spa- Sk 7 / S
in tlie citv j/ {JC 'SJtsLs&sitiSSi*' _ > J S K/' tt> )i clal Price : ; 4/ A » I *J
Cloth Brushe^inVnunib^ofhandsomi'de'-'o 7C ' NORTH 'POLE, December, I**.' *%\Tut?iul 8 i«l«^5 m .7li I .!?n t a^^& 1 J?K #r Ai .
>\ 15 4>£.lJ DEAR BOYS AND GIRLS— Care Pragers Department Store, San Francisco, California-. bossed cover; sold regularly at |3.6». Special.. J^.^5
tg^^^-S Watch Fobs for men; fine gold-filled tf^ /1/1 This year j have fl fi ne new e i ec tric Airship, and I want you to come to Pragers and see it. rirjffiJLMStK^^ ff-f 4/> a
T s *Vvi3O£.'<i . Jjtm •\3\J * " 11 t • . 1 ± tiiL..i-i-~4-r--- , r >t r pored bottle?. Special , I Iff / flw>>
ffi%$? Scarf PLis for men women and childr"""* Id Fi\ never could travel just fast enough before, but this btg Atrslnp ts just what I need, because I »P1»IU jSSc t^o^i
i^firP^ fi!Ied ! . r . C . n ' 8 ° 50C can sa^ high up in the air like a bird, and land on the housetops close to the chimneys whenever I I ~ "- : /*^?O*- w
xbtwm 1 h Bonnct B ™shes— In a variety of pretty designs ht\- uanL OlftS Tfl3t Will PfeflS^ /llfeflf^ tltf$W*1
WfJ^L •• d * "l/C Y ou are anxious to see how it works — I know that — so I invite you all to come and see me fly at „ - ... , 3 :**■ ,-- iiiicjiijj iJtr^^i^L^
VJa/iiksftk It' r/ ■ — t-» 1 -m a- 1 • i. ■ tt-r 1 j » t At +> ,1 tt • 1 1 t i 1 t, Bonnets — Made of a soft quality silk; th« headoiaca la m«,i» € r-sJi^'tt^^Qf i^FFk.
] r«S # Z XL* Him n • i^ Pragers. I will start my Airship in Toyland, for that s the girl and boy land. with four rows of shirrinc. finished with flni silk 5*cy /w?T\W»'''^7
W&/& ' " ln 9 S *W^n ReqUire : EverV DaW U f» on the third f lo ' or > and al1 sorts °t ™»**rf"l »™ toys are there-steam engines, electrical \£&\l£t™^™^tftft\^*#Z f>1 00 iBSwS^I/
i ■'tf&Sk^ s«h-vin C set— <juadruiii« pi.tod Hiiv«r mn-- « M . A r a : '^ thaV really go , automobiles that unll run, great big coasters and wagons, beautiful dolls that ,. cla » •••••. 4*1.1/1/
asi ?n bo a" y pr^Ui,£i^r b "&, " &s •« $ 2. 75 ™o- '""<• -«w *»* °» '** °*' rf ' ar ■»* ■' * «™'< *»«*•■«»•«»« >»» «/ «« «t «*« t««a '.? irusa :!'?.,: <il^^
•k..t. c ««_"!„ « m «i, o:\5y 11" linSwiihWd «u n - tj. Come (o Pragers and choose the very thing you want most, and then you can tell me about it. "w'.T'.'h.*! iSEXiSl? t$£?Z&Z lt Zi££'SX& /ti/- -
"H^^^Mfflllwn SANTA CLAUS s5tSsH%S»S«' 9g
>^ o in celluloid, wood or leather. From OOo to. ... >S flfl fl brown and navy. Special holiday prlc«. ... . . /T *P*J»?O flgOfc—
fe >'\ >««^c^V'^ii^i;;^^»ci;iii: ' D uv y our Tnyc nf PraaPK—fhp LardPSf v tt?Z^™^'£2^£ftX'J$£V£Z I wt
W /y A */ *)lj L/li f I VMI IVlJ HI I ICIUvf J IIIC Irndi i4fC«3l on each side; each pleat is finished with a band of velvet / IAj9^
l»? S<J .•■!/ ~"\ ««1," LVr iVw " \L-"«"f * %' «-»*^vr # # ta# k^ to the waist; the back having three pleats; thero is a larg^o '/> 0*lr///TSlv
V-r^/.jl^ \ St«r JU.«or— SeU from *j r« . ticnn W% » i X. • uf B fl F R wnltB llnen collar and lar«« nllk tin; aiso a /*>*> r\|- ///■
fy&$k$ r °£\^^^&^.'~'~W£™ Department Store m the West kss^ss^l^^ vsi,™..:.?..! $2.25 ({mmm
«Jif\ : U Ariirloc ~ " (Toys— Third Floor. Wheel Goods— Fifth Floor) ~~ ~ l^Ty&gfMks
JUlOherS nniCieS HnliHxv Flirnichi nnt . Kindergarten Goods— An excellent assortment of all ._ , . . _ c;/ . n««*,'«« D * r\ lU /£%/ &&■■ I il
Novelty A.h n^.«ivei^— nouaay furnishings e0 rt 3 or mtis novelties for giris. Every *% r Mechanical Toys bilk Offering Boys Clothes «JtB\ifm^j;
L h uJi n^c an to $1 KO M ' n '? ln '" al "«»«k"«-lefi. T n h^%L n n^n lV nric^Vom a8 UmUSinSr "^^ C "P "« E»,loe-Wlth three horses, two white and on. Fe.n de Carol-20-lnch ma- - B a.ter Brt,™ - Xorfolk . t Jfift® '
meail. 2^c to —^/S," «lze. nicely hem- They r-n«e In price from r black; made of iron; well enameled: the price r «iv Mn ' ™ ° f bf T' Suit.,— In navy blue chev- $£Sp^«$|Mj
T«h.<^"j.™ "rhino in flltched; in boxes contain- Coa«ter»— That, have strong Iron wheels, heavy wood- of this" special- nnglne has been J1.25. Our V*J/" ? av> J tan ; * ray * re3 « da « lots, trimmed with a dou- *^ n w r Hi?"'
B^rrtSLaii. r dT^Sf"^JJ i n|f a ,« ha M a -JOl- •» bod y- «ron axles, a reliable brake; **> fif\ Christmas offering is .•*/!. black jind cream; ££ ble row of brass buttons.
•fi^tVo- tl S^[ *%fl dozen: 20c value; IJlf size 32 Inches in length. Special at J>«i.l/l/ Steam D.nkey Entln*- This is better known probably 8oc a. yard quality. 3Q£ and one extra whlt« col-
slgns. OOc to •PJ.31J 7Oc a box. or each **2W as an upright engine:. its size is 4x6 inches; TE^ n tl V i ci £ l ~ y iY iA~y?LZ.7 lar.agea a to *f) C /\
to.kl^" 8^ *^- ""a^T^lfrf^* 1 Tool Cheat-Standard make; size 10x5 inches: «£/- reductd^or^Ms^ D an^Jd'^c^Taffe^"?^ ( ' yaara " *Z.!)U,
I /r . h r na rneTa°L 510^0 &$* ."^. &7 7 1 ™ Co-Curt-Made of fancy reed; nicely QQ >^A^?^^7^^0^r^^9AP^ r i Extra. peciaL ($£ fi^Sf?
I BJi k from™ 0c fo * U.VV # ■ woven in all colors; they have reclining back yQQ Railway TmtM-Zrhere are a large number of differ- • • • • peau'd^Sole^-'sS Inch- and blou " •ffcots; these W?^[
J U*^- W n«r j.iLimitnUnn h..«-» Mea'i Silk R«*fm r, i_: hl ,. and are exceptionally good values at *i--~,^ < ent kinds of trains; some are made of wood, some " If -JTS"™- . "?iTi«V ««?♦ k suits are the choice from
JSWPF^# '" SK^SKSJ 1^ l?ng? d?5u"ol? J aSS: C W .Ch..r- En a inal .d. n r td ;th ? yar..ub- c^ wlth'teAder'enrine^nd"^ not^sS'th^^^Va^ "»%*»•« -MufHtSSS i^^
gy^^/j y dlzcd metal <•« **r" width; stamp- £ 4 /%/> stantlal enough for small children; the reg- Sfl/* -Lihnt? 1 T' f£ 1 ?S?if 5 Cl ** (III B p e c 1 a 1 sale tf -f -f n '? , th# worl , d : th « mate- J»mW^K
<£a ■^Mjj oLV; I n«,*-"«fJ«''ir»»«Vfc«- »»i «"."""i J" ,. » Do11 Trunks— 10t4 Inches; made of strong wood, with Horse — Black skin-covered horse on a wooden7C - "' '" , « and serges. 4> lit l||| Si* ji : jjl\Vira^
•rV^yi A'}*} ?^,hrr Jt^m- m»JT» T" <" " fv 7~ Made of lra >' and compartments; the wood !s cov- *> 7 platform with wheels; has pretty harness; a | 3 T DreSS Goods Price fC^JO to lV.l/l/ / s&Wfe^if/B
& vCik'7 S«i'm« t 1 f nCy 8ll v k u ; , have EOod cred -.vith pretty paper In different designs. y^5/" regular $1.00 animal. . Special at f V £!L ,. , «„ • k o , * rt # T -, I A
-S=r--v*.><sX* S straight bulldog «tyle; strong wt-bblng and leath- Knecla] Drice ........' . « i *^ < - Cabin Bulldlnir Blacks— That will make any 1t\ Famne ZlbeUne— A 80-Inch Russian Orcrcoats— In blue. LwJfirTi VJ & £
-^*-^S^-j^ ccmea In a nne (jr rj/^ er ends. This, week fa P eUaJ Dnce style cabin^£ house .that you ' want- with this Wf blaok and colored Pann# brown and red corduroy fc^^Y-¥W^
case Our spe- 'SUl) o n t y. wort h 50c, iQf DnlU the- e 1, also a was with wheel" Special at *^ Vt ZIb«"ne Suiting. 11.60 velvet; ages 3 to 7; never l4!&£-b4?j flf
clal low price , pecla! J7L UOllS c^e ; e | k^J^ T^ |> a^^^de^pecTiny QC^ ««*"^ o « ere * $1 OH ?e°2? $i!l 9^ WP^lT
-^772 . . j—\ tcest-er Jolnied Doll-Has superior quality bisqae for sidewalk skating. Special price. ....... yard * *I#UC/ o5? ?rt& * *^^
• O/rrs /Appreciated by Men v^VoMSfc-'iSSu?^ S.S^d ; c.^iion>aVo»iin^.u^ g —^iT: ■: —^
Sn,« k La« J.cl«*— 12 styles of-Smoklng Jackets that sell 6 * eclal at i'" ' " ' Speclar'^ 6 * 1 dUmpCart: re * ular P rlc * 76c Ol/C F^UCV ClOnd* for M/omPH
§ regularly at 16.00 will be on sale this week at a consider- Kid Dody Doll— That you cant buy any /f <| J r Dellt-ert \Vn\rnn.' : * Vntomohliei, ' f:\i-ririr cA™' a- I <lllty UUUUJ lUi sfafC/llIcfl
able saving. They are made of all-wool German Golf P^ce In town for less than JS.60. We W / S RobiT-J^iK'tiiiS 011^^ ail re^rultr 35c* *>£/• T v
Cloth, and the colors are blue, black, oxford. /fT: £0 are selling them this week at »*'«•• ■ •* l?d'BO?to^" 'aSSTfl thIa"wSk at 35c ZDC Fancy Ncckwe.r— In a number of very jaunty effects; waah-
greea. brown, tans and grays; they have fancy S^ 9/? • Special this weeK at •" able sllk atock9 ln'many different combinations of 0\F
plaM linings and trimmings. Our special price is >P*»S\J ' U3/TieS v -, ; -' : Snor+infl Goods colors; some have short tabs, others with tabs to J *>f tyl^at
Smoklaa- Jackets— Made of the rtne*t quality of Golf Cloth *««uj«;* , jpvillliy \iUUU> . , .\> the waist; worth 50c and 35c. Special *fc*/i. Y-V./5?
in three shades. gr««n, blue and brown;. this ff /• f%C 8te«*l« Cha«« a»d-Santm Claus— This 1. all In 7C- p ™ cht * l f Bajf— Beach s boys Punching (f4 AA Hnadkerchlefs— Made of pure linen, hand-embroidered and ▼•5'Oil
coat is entirely new and handsomely made; $fi 85 ~ne garni" and our speclal price is. -jbC B»-«f: «hat sells regularly at $1.35. Speclal 'hj (/^ have narrow hemstitched border; six dlffererff,. n/\ J&r\
values J7.60 and $8.00. Special at one game, a« _/.... ..; . *^*f^ _ this week. ....................... ...*r* # Y v styles In the box; a box of 6 worth $2.00. Si Sfl Jffiffil \
liath Uobci- Eiderdown Bath Robes in stripes or figured do- .'",-!" v. a \, « „>,»» .v.(- * nn 4% V Bo.xln« Glove*— A set made of sheepskin tf« f\fi Special : j\
etgnn; cut €0 Inches long; they have heavy worsted gird)* Parcues«l— Everybody knows what this pop-^JT^. and guaranteed very durable; regularly *k I; .(III SttIs. Handkerchief.— Embroidered in a number of very
at the waist; among the lot are some Terry ff l t rtfl ular sam * !s ' Our speclal prlc6 U £,*J\* H.&0 a sot. Special at.... i^a.vv pre tty designs; some are in blind effects, others in f\ r E^&jj^'l'
Cloth and Crash Robes, Specially priced for J)if y Q ■ • • Rngby Football— Reduced from fl.25 to 85c. Guipure and Irish Point; both with scalloped and /Sf &&&faf>/t W'- V
vei^^haot.-and^er^^ 1 Sc /CMstm&Tkt Ornaments •.• -r^'^^^IT^^^^^^'^'^j^ V^ffO)
raadra* linens, worsteds and silk goods; all > \ X'i ha?! It at xouumy 1 «/C We have a full line or ornaments for Christmas Tree fitted to the hand; made of selected soft lamb- V| flfl % v V liS
new Prices from $1.19 to •#/*/. U*/ haM, it .nt. ................................. . decoration. There Is tinsel, bells, «% 1- — - - skin, in all the new winter shades. Pair •%\\ b J' /fll
Opera Illppen tn< R»meM~ In black and tan; /f * r f\ Coif, Baseball, Lotto and India Game, have 4 f\ - grapes, strings of balle. acorns, turkeys. J^C uO Silk Glove* — With double tips that are guaranteed to I" f\ . -Skt
i-«nd-tj-n«d soles. Prloe -,,>--.. T* ' •jlJ been reduced from 20c and 25c to I ill chickens, lamps, airships, etc., from.. ••*'*' .* - f wear well; colors, black and white. A pair Mill
..." ;.r...'.;...;.. ! -• «r'-«*'* / : .......*.....;................ * v > ChrUtmas Cnndles— Packed 38 la a Jaox. Special at 0c -,.... **VV -~*~^-~
PRAGKRS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1904.
PRAGiZRS
PRAGERS
PRAGERS
PRAGERS •
29
PRAG£RS30
For a Disease Germ That Liquozone Can't K01. A 50c Bottle Free.
Don't you know that a germ disease. must end, when the germs are killed? And that it cannot be cured
until then ? Then why use medicine for what medicine cannot do ? Liquozone alone can kill germs.
Will you let us buy you a 50c. bottle to try ? . /
On every bottle of Liquozone we docs. Oxygen is the vital part of air, pitals in this country and others, be- gyspep«i» " Throat Trouble*
publish an offer of $1000 for a dis- the very source of vitality, the most fore we made the first bottle. We Fev'^GaifstSn" T^mo^s-uiUr.
„,. crrm that it cannot kill We do essential element of life. It is the proved it in every kind of germ dis- Goitr*— Gout varicoceie .
th,t to^^nri ™ that Litmozone blood food - the nerve food, the scHv- eas C -in thousands of the most diffi- G °"°r^ a 7 Glee t V k , DlseM " n ,
that to convince you that Ltquozone cnger of the bIood It is o^ gen that cult cases obtainable. We cured with t^xx^*?&^£%£g£? &.
does kill germs. turns the blue blood to red. in the it every disease which was considered «»»•— ail ■ the . ««uiu of impure or poiwmed
Think what that means. Every Jungs; that eliminates the waste tissue incurable. Then we paid $100,000 1 f or £ nervou. debility Liquozone act. a. a *i-
modern physician knows that nearly and builds up the new. Too little the American rights; and the British taiixer. accomplishing what no drugs can do.
all sickness— the little ills and the big oxygen always causes lack of vitality, rights have since brought a like sum. ITi*io* U ♦*! V
onei— are caused by germ attacks An excess of it gives strength to We tell you these facts because they rlrbU OOttle free.
They know that those germs must be every WHon of Nature | mdicate the great value of Liquo- Jf you l . quozo and
destroyed before the Bxckaess can £ At "^^s^T vegetables; _ „ never used it, please send us the cou-
l M? "■ \? thc y know that drugs never and an cxcess o f oxygen— the very Germ Diseases. pon below. We will then send you
kill inside germs. -; ; y lie o £ an an j ma i_i s deadly to vegetal an order on a local druggist for a
nB £a OS i e i«£n?o!5 P A 5 ni C^i S Uon< X Lif l u o zone acts Iike ox^ en - These are the known germ diseases; full-size bottle-a 50c bottle^and will
S^idKS^ But lt . d ? cs t m ° re t^n oxygen, be- all due to germs or the poisons which pay the druggist ourselves for it. This
\\ ere sick i.Ke >ou. pcrnaps— are wen cause 1S , s stable. It carries its vir- germs create. These are the diseases ---.i:-,. ♦ ' *i, « «. ui**ii nt
to-day because of it. The cured. ones |ues into the blood to o whc rever the to which medicine does not apply, for aPPhCS ?-M^ th « first . bottle ' of
are everj'where; some are your neigh- blood goes. It is a remarkable tonic- dru« cannot kill inside eerms course-to those who have never
bors, yc^r fnends. Won't you ask the be st thing in the world for you. A ? t W 1^;^ hTL luXl ™ c *?t-
them about Liquozone? . Yet it is a germicide, so certain that , A » tha f medicine can do for these The acccptance of th ; s offcr laccs
Dont cling to the old ways blindly, we pub!ish on cvcry bott]e an offer of troubles is to act as a tonic, aiding you under nQ obH tions We si ,
when your health is at stake. There $1000 for a disease gcrm that it can . Nature to overcome the germs. But ■ h t convin * t , et th( ; od .
is a new way to cure sickness, by de- not kin . those results are indirect and unccr- uct itself show vou what it can do
stroying the cause. And we will The discoverer of Liquozone has tain. They depend on the patient's Then you can iudee bv results as to
gladly pay the cost while you try it.- so i ved the great problem of killing condition. When drugs were pre- wheth« ytl w"sh ? tc i conthlue
What. LimrnyfinP Is germs m the body without killing the scribed for these troubles nobody This offer itself should convince
" liau W14UUAWH3 I*. tissues, too. And there is no other knew of germs. Now every good phy- you that Liquozone does as we claim
Liquozone is not a medicine It is way '- Any r " g that kl ! ls S c , rms . is slciai^ knows that they call for a We would certainly not buy a bottle
not made by compounding add or a P °^ On ' *■ can^ ot . be takcn m " 8™icide. and give it to you if tnere was any
drus* nor is tnere any alcohol in it rna!ly - Li q" ozonc 1S th e °^ wa X Liquozone alone can destroy the doubt of results. You want these re-
ISiiSililil iiftii^flll W^^^& i^sl^^S
't^^^sSm one Miuion Donm if SifiMi?^ $w !^£#S}gg
zone rwnirM th?. ««?> nf t-y-n r7.h,v tt v ■l. • eases which have resisted medicine for wonderful product means to you.
inches oi ill HaVC b " n EpCnt by US tO glVC LiqU °" Y tSrs yieI . d at once to Liquozone, and Liquozone costs S oc and $1.
Tinnnrnn* U th* «.<i!t «f . «r«^ e . zonc away - Our offcr to bu y the it cures diseases which medicine never ,
which fo^ mr^thanioyea? ha has been accepted by cures. In any stage or any disease in I CUT OUT THIS COUPON 1
been the constant subject ox scientific people. And we have spent Jis hs the results are so certain that for thu .nj, r,»
and chemical research. The main re- this vast sum to publish the offer and ; \? lJl c ;i . „ , -K c «i.,f patient Orone Co . # 45S . 4W wabash Ave.. chiciro.
suit is to get into a liquid, and thus to fulfill it. who asks an absolute guaranty. i^..............l......
into the blood, a powerful yet harm- The result is that millions now use Asthma <■ Hay Fever— Influenza I have never tried" Liquozone* 'but* if* "you
less germicide. Another result is to it. These people have told others dS!^" 1 * 1111 * S d cSpSf""" -S*. n.™* m " a **' bOt "* fre * *
create a vitalizing tonic with which no about it, and the others told others. Bloo<i Poison Leucqrrhea
other known product can compare. Your own neighborhood, wherever 8^"'^!^ MaUrta^Neur^a **"** ~
• ■•'-•'■-. 3'OU are, is full Of LiquOZOne users. Coughs— Colds Many Heart Trouble* •***".'r""" > —
ActS Like Oxygen. And half the people you meet know gX^K gLuri.^SSf ;
Some one whom LiquOZOne has Cured, Constipation Rheumatism S14 Give full aadreas— write plainly.
The great value of Liquozone lies We tested this product for two SS^Sl^SKL*. scrofuia-sj-phiiu - — — — —
.« r il a.1. • j i_ t. t- • ■ 1 1 Dysentery — Diarrhea Ekln Diseases Any physician or hospital ilot yet uslni
in the tact that It does what Oxygen years, through physicians and hos- Dandrua— Dropsy Stomach Troubles LJ«fuozone wlU ba tladly supplied for a test.
BIG PENSIONS
OF ENGLISHMEN
Immense Sums Paid by the
British Government to Re
tired Members of Cabinet
Special Dlepetch to The Call,
LONDON. Dec. 3.— When a Cabinet
official in America returns to private
life he is expected, as a matter of
course, to take upon himself the burden
of providing his own living, but here,
if he apply for it, he may obtain a
handsome pension. Radicals are ob
jecting since the discovery that Lord
Cross, who is now SI years old, has in
this tray drawn $113,500 from the pub
lic treasury, his pension amounting to
510,000 a year. During his two terms
of c-ffice as Home Secretary, extending
over mere than six and a half years,
he drew a salary of $25,000 a year,
which is over thrice as much as any
American Cabinet Minister is paid.
Altogether Lord Cross has received i
from his country J2S0.000, and it is the I
general opinion that it is a great deal j
more than he has been worth to it. j
Lord George Hamilton draws a simi- j
lar pension of J10.000 a year and Sir
Michael Hicks-Beach gets one of $d000.
The popular notior- that municipal
politicians in this country are of a
much higher type than those who run
American cities has been rudely shak- j
en by eome figures just published by I
the Liverpool corporation showing the
cost of various Junketing trips under
taker by members of that body osten
sibly in the interests of the public A
party of twenty of thern paid a one-day
visit of inspection to the Rivington
water works and their bill of expenses '
B...Holid&y.Gi£t>s...f
I Can be secured now — delivered
when you wish — paid for on our
n easv installment plan. n
_ _ A — " . _ v L_jL
1 » ONLY f * r ?Wl
'IS II chris ™ as
I« , v:^™I NEEDED 1^ „-,_.,
U XrBXTJXQ DESK — PABXiOa CSAZB — ■
ISllid oak or mahograny Mahogany finish; nicely 5
finish; all the conven- curved legs; upholstered ■
iences of the more ex- in silk or embossed 9
J >enslve desk. Regular plush. Regular J8.00; B *
QfS9Raisicr r $8.00; 'special $525 special ...93.75 ■^atawaasKZi
BEAUTIFUL SOFA CUSHION. I
£y&^Sa£~3P7& Assorted styles and colors— worth ft
fl&*&25&^ {3jr PORTIERES— Two-tone effects? fe^^^i^ B
j^'gT*"*^" assorted colon. A great varitty to \l a
select from. Regular $2^0; spe- /> J >'c<"'j> U
v+rKeGE&J**** cial, per pair. ..$1.00 f^'<-,s\ J i i
T. Brilliant, Furniture |g|
' 338-342 POST STREET J
GIVES HIS LIFE TRYING
TO SAVE HELPLESS WO3IEN
Fireman at Sanitarium Perishes In
Flames That Partially Destroy
Xurses' Home.
ST. LOUIS, Dec 8.— One man was
burned to death and four young women
nurses were injured by Jumping from
windows and in running through the
flames while escaping from the Nurses'
Home of the Missouri Baptist Sanitari
um, which was partially destroyed by
fire to-day. Frank Roberts, a fireman
employed in the sanitarium, lost his
life in his attempt to save the nurses.
The Weber Piano Representation.
For_ some time past there have been ru
mors "of a proposed change in the repre
sentation of the Weber Piano Company
in this territory and musical circles on
the coast have been considerably agitat
ed thereby. This company recently
united its interests with that of the
Aeolian Company of New York, forming
a heavily capitalized corporation, known
as the Aeolian- Weber Piano and Pianola
Company. It is the largest manufac
turer and dealer in musical instruments
in the world.
Very keen competition has developed
among the leading musical houses on the
coast to secure this important agency.
The rumors current are decidedly con
flicting and no confirmation or absolute
denial is vouchsafed by any of the local
music dealers, but it is pretty sure that
the big New York concern will be satis
fied only by a representation commensu
rate with its importance, and therefore
by the strongest and largest dealer on
the coast.
A representative of the New York cor
poration recently arrived in San Fran
cisco, and it is believed that ' an an
nouncement of the house that has se
cured^ the prize will be soon forthcoming'.
amounted to $350. According to the
itemized account they fortified them
eelves for their arduous labors with m
less than sixty-three bottles of Scotch
whisky, besides a dozen bottles of cham
pagne and some odd bottles of claret,
sherry and 4iock. It would be a diffi
cult matter to find any twenty Ameri
can Aldermen who eould beat that rec
ord and then have the effrontery to
cha^e It to the public account.
AOVZBTZSEMXlfTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1904.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ENGLISHMAN'S
PALATIAL HOME
Briton Undertakes Work of
Eemodeling Country Seat
, aVan Expense of $1,500,000
LONDON, Dec. 3.— So much are they
overshadowed by the American brand
that something of surprise follows the
occasional reminder that England still
produces multi-millionaires of her own.
Charles Julius "Wernher has recently
called attention to his vast wealth by
the costly work he has undertaken at
Luton Hoo, the fine country seat which
he purchased from the executors of the
late Madame de Falbe for 51,500,000.
It is a magnificent, place, but as much
more is to be expended on it to render
It a fitting residence for the senior
member of the great South African
firm of Wernher, Beit & Co. *
Three hundred men are engaged in
carrying out the alterations and addi
tions he has planned. Among them are
some scores of Italian stoneworkers
and French and Belgian plasterers, for
"Wernher will employ only the bes^ ar
tisans in their respective lines. The
huge house is being enlarged by one
story, but the massive stone walls and
the superb Corinthian pillars at the
main entrance are to remain. The in
terior is to be entirely remodeled with
the exception of the chapel in the west
wing, which is to be spared on account
of its rich oak carvings.
The park itself is being greatly
changed in accordance with the de
signs of a distinguished landscape ar
tist. One of the lakes, d mile' and a
quarter long, has been drained, which
has given rise to the rumor that, emu
lating the late "Whlttaker Wright, of
tragic memory, Wernher intends to
provide a cool retreat for himself in
hot weather In the form of a subter
ranean palace.
Private golf links are being laid out
wealth it has already been dubbed the
plentifully stocking the place with
game. One part of the estate is to be
set aside for zebras, elands and other
habitats of the African wilds. In rec
ognition of the source of Wernher's
wealth it has already been dubbed the
"diamond palace." When completed
it will be fit for a King, and probably
the King will be entertained there.
HOBBIES OF THE ROYAIi
PERSONAGES OF EUROPE
Princess of Wales Records Sayings of
Her Children — Kaiser Keeps His
Press Notices.
LONDON. Dec. 3. — Little that roy
alty does nowadays escapes observa
tion and the more that is learned of
them the more it is made apparent
that these great folk are very like or
dinary folk. That is shown by their
hobbies, to which attention has Just
been called by the announcement that
the King of Italy's zeal for collecting
coins had led to his joining the Nu
mismatic Society.
Most characteristic of all royal hob
bles, perhaps, is that of the Kaiser,
who, in handsomely "bound volumes,
preserves the clippings sent by his
agents in various parts of the world of
things that" have appeared In print
about him. If their number affords
any true index of fame then the Kai
ser-has some reason to consider him
self the greatest man In i the , world.
The Crown Prince's hobby is a rather
commonplace one, sinca it is shared
by millions. He has fallen a victim to
the picture postcard craze. -
Touchingly pretty and feminine, If
by no means original, is the bobby of
the Princess -of Wales. In* a dainty
vellum bound. volume she records the
first words spoken by her children and
their quaintest sayings as they" grow
up. The .Queen, who, it Is well known.
Is a skillful amateur photographer,
collects photographs taken by herself
of scenes and places she has visited.
It constitutes a veritable pictorial au
tobiography.
The Prince of "Wales contracted the
stamp collecting: mania when he was
a small boy and still sticks to it. "With
such exceptional opportunities as he,
enjoys it is needless to say by this
time his collection of stamps is a su
perb one. Of more artistic interest is
his collection of posters, miniature
and full size. h
The German Empress goes v in foi
fans and possesses a quaint ani gor
geous collection of them. It includes
a fan made f^rom the -feathers of a
grouse shot by' the Kaiser.
The Prettiest Yet
Are the shapes and finish of our new
frames. Exquisite designs in" oval,
square and odd shapes, finished In dead
black, grays and browns, with the dain
tiest gold top ornaments; also many
beautiful patterns In gold, gilt lacquers
and gold bronzes. Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
741 Market street. •
Strangles Herself With a Necktie.
COLUMBUS, Ohio. Dec. 3. — Miss
Emma L. Gessert, aged 40, a book
keeper from Roswell, N. LI., ate a
hearty breakfast to-day at the Shep
herd Sanitarium and soon afterward
wag found dead in her room. She had
placed a necktie around her neck
and, taking the ends in her hands,
had strangled herself.
New Jury for "San" Patterson.
NEW YORK, Dec. 3.— A special panel
of 200 talesmen from among whom a
jury will be chosen for the second trial
of, "Nan" Patterson, charged with the
murder of Caesar Young, has been
summoned to appear in the Supreme
Court Monday.
&1 THE VmsTiariM UNION TELJEQRAPH COMPANY. ' dk
J^^^^^.^^^4 «* B y?- O>rrt -5?."' *""" 0 *- mCO °* OB *^*' 8 ° gWV ' C ' TO ALL TH1 WOWLB '^^'^ daW$M*\
. lei. B14«. WarWi Fair. St-Loult. Vo. Hot. 50th. 190*
RwiH ptp*rt«Mnt"«dTl8e» your piino a-ardtd GOIi) JGDAL. Wwffiffw&i
I . FaGtowaDd\Var©rooMsi 1
LITTLE FOLK TO ACT
(?aiiiFORNia (?iiUB Benefit
WESTLEY RUGGLKS AS KINO COLE. BLANCHE LYONS AS PRINCE COLE. RTJ- I
DOLfrH MOHR AS THE PRIEST. VIOLA BROWN AS THE PRINCESS AND I
LITTLE DOROTHY WALKER AS CUPID IN "LAND OF NURSERY RHYMES." |
Under the auspices of the California
Club, a two-act operetta, "The Land
of Nursery Rhymes," by "W. H. Clif
ford, will be given by 100 talented
children under the management of
Miss Leta A. Saunders. The proceeds
will be used in furthering the work of
the California Club. ' The boys of the
DEAD GIRL IS MISSING;
BROTHER DISAPPEARS
Mj-stery Follows the Sadden Demise
of Kate Pendeisast
in Helena.
HELENA, Mont., Dec. 3.— Mystery
surrounds the reported death of Misj
Kate Pendergast of Minneapolis and
the subsequent disappearance of her
brother, Edward Pendergast.
Edward Pendergast informed the
press here of the death of his sister,
which is supposed to have occurred on
Tuesday. He then engaged an under
taker and hired * carriages for the
funeral, to be held on Friday. He de
parted for Broadwater, as he said, to
attend to some private business pend
ing the arrival of relatives from Min
neapolis. At the appointed time the
hearse and carriages arrived, at the
place indicated, but no dead girl could
be found at any of the undertaking
rooms, nor did the' authorities at the
hospftal where she is supposed to have
died know anything about her death.
Pendergast has not returned.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
Columbia Park Club, througrh the
kindness of Edgar Peixotto, will drill
as the "Boy Blue" children.
All the loge boxes have been, sold for
the two performances — Friday evening-
December 9, and Saturday afternoon
December 10. It looks as If the juven
ile world, as well as the older folk,
will be well represented.
CHILD WITH TWO HEADS
BORX IS 3L\SSACHc SETTS
Infant Is in Best or Health and at
Birth Weighed Fourteen
Pounds.
SOMERVILLE, Mass.. Dec. 3.— A fe
male child with two heads, born in
East Somerville, twelve weeks ago. Is
attracting much interest among the
medical fraternity about Boston. The
physician who had charge of the case,
in discussing the matter with other
doctors, said:
"It 1e unprecedented In the annals of
medical science. The child has two sep
t-rate necks, each supporting a head,
one facing to the front and the other
to the rear. The latter head is not well
formed. Its features are irregular and
imperfect, there being no eyes.
"The baby is in the best of health
and perfectly normal in every other
respect. The mother is 20 years of age.
The child weighed fourteen pounds at
birth."
Some flat buildings are owned by
sharps— so the tenants think.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
■ B. KATSCHINSKI
| Philadelphia Shoe Co.
1 10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO ]
I Adjotalng Call Bnlldlag.
HOLIDAY NOVELTIES
MONEY SAVING PRICES
1 Buy your Christmas Footwear
§1 now. "We can save you from UTJc
rl to 50c a pair on every purchase.
tj and in many cases even more.
H This is the season when you want
0 your money to go the farthest and
a when you will most appreciate our
H money-savins prices. We have an
ff Immense variety in all grades of
la holiday novelties.
ti ON SPECIAL SALE this w,eek.
£ Just to prove how good an article
B we can sell at such a low price:
K Ladles' Black Beaver Felt Juliets. I
1 with chinchilla fur tops and soft »
F fleece lined Inside. Sold dsj- .
« where for 75c and $1.00. OX7E
I SEDUCED PB1CE OSlT....ouC
IYICI KID LACE MAT KID TOPS
This is a value that only a store
like ours can offer: Ladles \ lcl
Kid Lace Shoes, with neat exten-
sion sewed sole3 and very dressy
high Cuban heels: neat and dura- .-.
Die. SPECXAI. SALE PS1CE. iVVjj
Sizes' 2*%' to S." ' Widths B to *EE.
A. i^. oi 55
RIBBON BLUCHiRETTE I
i Ladles' Vlci Kid Blucherette Ox-
fords, made with hand-turned
I soles and patent leather tips: a
very attractive tie. "W© would
consider It a leader at $2.00. but
for this week only. OT7B SAL2 |
pxciCE . . . : SI. 53 i
CROGHETEiJ SLIPPERS
On special sale this week: Oar-
net Red Crocheted Slippers, mad*
with fancy collar tops and soft
lamb wool Insoles:
Infants' sizes. 2 to 4 4O«
3 Child's sizes. 5 to 10 r»5c
\ Misses' sizes, 11 to 2 £.»c
Ladles' sizes, 3 to 8 85c
\ XMAS SHOE ORDERS
1 WE ISSXTE CHRISTMAS SHOE
i OBDEBS. TTIT.Y ASS SEU3I-
BLE, APPBOPBZATE A2TI> AL-
) WAYS APPRECIATED AS A
3 CHKISTaiASQEPT.
t '
I r> FOU^-STRAP SAHDALS
|] Tlia very handsomest <5?sljrn
Da made In a dressy evening Slipper:
n Indies' Vlci Kid Four-Strap San-
tJ dais, with turned soles and the
M new "spike" leather heel. »E-
\ DUCTED HOLIDAY PBICE.S1.4O
I SANTA CLAUS IS HERE
3 AZTS WILL PBESS2TT A BOX Or
I OASTST TO ETSSY PXTSCXASES
a wmo calls osx axis be- '
|| TWliia SOWAJTP CHSISTKAS. •
M n/tATT. OBDESS FILLED j
H B. KATSCHINSK! !
B 10 THIRD ST., Saa Trsadsco. [.
FRENCH SAVINGS BANK
815 Koatroa«zy Street.
Capita! paid a? $ 600,00]
Eiiidends paid to depositors . 1,656,225
CHAS. CARPT. President.
ARTHUR LEGALLET Yle*-Prwld«sL
JOHN OOTT. Airt. 8wret*T7.
DXEE CTOES;
Dr. E. Art!rn»». Ctaa. Cappy, Leon KauSaaa.
O. Bcilo. J. B. Clot. a. Rios.
L«m Bocqutr&s. J. XL Dupaa. a. LeraUct.
J. A. Derserot. J. S. Gcdeao. J. J. iljy.^
Interest paid on deposits. Loan* m*<l» oa
Real Estat* aad approved •ecartuea.
aMfnBSK DR. HALL'S KEINVlGOUATOn
II*" ""^ «topa all losses and unnatural dl»»
H__. t charges la 24 hours. You feal aa
j3* ETc toprovement freni tie flrst dosa.
?JP 7iT! • have »° much conadence In our
rVj *ft treatment that we offer Fire Hua-
v^y_ .X*- dre J rpwanl ror any cue we can-
lai t — -J?~ nc * cure. This secret remedy cure*
!m2wJ£*T * "'K^^y emtsatons. wa^tej orsan».
mVn^T**^-*'***- «trtctur«s. kidney*, faillr*
S!™™7;. *»lns tn the urln«. sonorrhea, dJ*-
kiTlw . prost «t» Klands And all other terrl-
?i . U of « e "-ab»"e or excesses* which lead
en to consumption and death. Positively cure*
«• worst cases in old or young of that morti-
*J* n« condlUon. quickness of the discharge, and"
wanting- to do. and you can't. Sent sealed. «
C»r bottle; three bottles. $3. Guaranteed cnr«
L5"*P.;.y *ildr«>» orders HALL'S MEDICAI.
rNSTlTXTTE. 833 Broadway. Oaklan.t. Cal.
Also for sale at 1O73H Market St.. & P. SenJ
for free book.
—
f 680y Cal $1.00 rtarADVERTISEMENTS. j
I
For the past thirty years we have !
been showing- photos and Indorsements i
Df prominent people, crowncjl hends, and '
sume of the most celebrated actors and !
rctresses known to the American thca-]
tcr-COins public, but none should be!
more convincing or Inspire more conli- [
• ienee than the indorsement of the well-;
known and highly appreciated /actress, I
Miss Edna Wallace Hopper, whose letter
we reproduce by permission:
226 West 45th St.. New York.
Augrust 10th, 1904.
I consider ED. PIZTATJO'S EAU DS :
Oulr>IKE de most refreshing Hair i
Tonic there is. |
CmnmM heads and fashionable people
<he world over use and recommend
ED. PINAUD'S
Eau De Quiim
Hair Tonic. j
V.'HY? BECAUSE we only state facts ;
and make no claims or chow photos of
people whose testimonials can be pur-
rhasf^d. IRRESPONSIBLE LOXG-
HAIRED WOMEN have applied to us
time and again, claiming they had used
our Hair Tonic, and that their testimo-
nials were for sale. These, of course.
we refused to consider.
ED. PIHATTU'S HAIR TONIC EAU DE
QUININE is the original Hair and Scalp
Tonic, sold all over the world, and on i
account of its phenomenal success there
ere many substitutes, or so-callod hair |
tonlcB, on the market, making all sorts
Of claims for the sole purpose of pro-
moting the sale of their goods, while we
allow the public to volunteer their per-
sonal testimony as to what £3. PI-
HAUD'S EAU DE QUININE has dons
for them. Here is what ED. PINAUD'S '
EAU DE QUININE HAIR TONIC is
puaraateed to do. viz. : Cures dandruff. .
Ftops hair falling out. promotes Its
prowth and makes hair beautiful, and
puts the scalp In a healthy condition;
besides. It is a toilet luxury, leaving a
delightful perfume in the hair. These ;
are facts, and the many testimonials '
which we have published bear us out In >
this statement, and to convince you we
will Bend you. upon receipt of 10 cents, ;
to pav postage and packing, a free sam- i
rl« of Hair Tonic and a sample of our !
latest creation In perfume, including a.'
bottle of our celebrated Dentifrice.
IUIBS iEHlBl CZO
ED. PiNAUD,
ED. PiRMJD BUJLD1N6,
Sib tonne and 14th Street,
Hew York City.
We are the largest manufac-
turers in the world of high grade
perfumes. Member of Jury of j
Award St. Louis World's Fair. \
Our house received the supreme
title of "ffors Concours," or
"Without a Rival." Hence our
name is a guarantee of highest i
quality.
PARFUMERfE ED PINAUD, \
18 Place Vendome. Paris.
THE GOLD MEDAL
Was awarded to
Typewriter!
fThi VisiMt Writer)
BY THE i
Louisiana Purchase Exposition I
FRED W VAUBHAH & CO.,
Mills Building.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAI*
MAUYAIS MUSIC CO.
833 MARKET ST.. OPP. MASON.
FINE GUITAR OR MANDOLIN $10
OCEAX TRAVEIi. '
E*. earners leave Broadway
y/WjS^QrfV wharves (piers 9 amd 11).
l£ferj*iZ\ V*\ For Ketc.\:kr.n, W'raagel,
II Vt^vJL I 1 J une «-». Tread well, Ha.ines,
1 V \«bs^I I Etaruay. ttc. Alaska — 11
VA \\ %/ a - m -' Dec - 1. C. 11, 13. 21.
\fis$_^/Ci/ 2«. 31. Jan. 5. Chance to
Nfiflr^rrfv/ :!.-.» coznpacy'a steamers at
Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver. Port Townsend, !
Ee*U!e, Tacoraa, Everett. South Belllnrhain. I
Bel!!Rsh&in — 11 a. m. Dec. 1. 6, 11, 16, 21' 26. I
SI. Jan. 5. Change at Seattle to this com- !
pony's steamers for Alaska and O. N.iRy.. a t '
Seattle or Tacoraa to H. P. Ky.; at Vanooaver '
to C. P. Rj.
For Cureka (Sumbolit Bay) — Pomcna, 1:30
p. in.. Dee. 12, IS. 24. 30. Jan. 6. Corona.
1:SO p. m.. Dec. 3, 9, 15, 21, 27, Jan. 2.
For 1>.b Actreies (via Port jJoi Ar.gelti and
Hedondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara — San-
ta Rota, Sundays, 9 a. in.
State of California, Tnurwlarg, 9 a. rn. •
Fcr Lcs Ansele* (via Fan "Vdro and Tart I
Ban Pedro). Santa. Barbara, Santa Crux, Mon- '
t-r.y. Kan Sim«-on. «'ayi.c-<»>. l'.-ri llzilvi-d
L.c!s Obispc), Ventura and Hueneme.
••.;.. v a. m_, Dec. 1, U, 17, "3. Jan. 2.
Coos Bay, 9 a. m., Dec. 5, 13, 21. 29. Jan. 6.
For Enscnafia. &!a?da!er.a Bay, Sac *Jo»« del
Cabo. MazaUan. Altata La Pa«. S&ata Ro-
aiila. Quavmas Olex.). 10 a. in., 7th each mo.
Tor furthor Information cbtaln folder. Right
Is r»*i>rvo<j to f harpe steamers or saliiajr dates
TICKET OFFZCCS — i New Montgom-
ery Kt. '1'alace Hot*it,lv Market Rt..anJ BroaJ-
way whan-os. Prcieh* ones 10 Market st.
C. D. DCKANX. O*n«-ral Paemengcr Ajrent.
t^ r, ,« JL° M » rkct «rt- San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co., 20 Sutler St., will
cat! for end check barsare from hoteU and
rftildencea. T>l<rhcne Exchance 312. I
% fiC *•"'•"• ** M0 *. •«
\7«rVCEtsiv3,,3»VU» tUXK& m f rCNEr
- - • CIKCI uu xo uun:
£ • % wtjiSSf l or Ho:lo lalu. Dec.lO. 11 am.
h 6. UMI.RA, for Honolulu Parnca. Anck
land and Byteqr, Thu.-dav i)c« 22 2 n m
B S. ilAKIPOSA. fcr TahitC'Dec^rS? £ S
til flr^S! L£B 5£7 Kami SL. Pi3F 7. Pasil/il
cckfas::i3 GEirsaiL!: TaiN3ATi,i>rraj-
DIRECT LJNE TO IlAVRE-p ARIS
tiailinK every Thureday lngtead of
fcaturaay. at 10 a. m., from pi,r < ?' f^**
42. North Kiver, loot of Morton st.
lint clan to Havre $70 acd upward. See-
ccd tiass to Havre, J10 and upward. Qev
r.RAL AOENCT FOH UNITED STATES AVii
CANADA. 32 Croadttay (Hudson Tsufldm^f
fCrw Tcrk. J. F. FLGAZI & CO.. Pacific CoiJ
Arents. 6 Montccmery srvenue. Sa n Francis"^
For IT. S. navy Yard ana Vallelo
Etrs. General FrUtue, il-jnticelio and Arrow
8:4i a.m., 12:30 p.m.. 3:lip.m^ « p. m . 8-30 n!
m. I>eave Can Francisco Sundays 9-43 a_ m
li:C0 p.m.. <J p.m., «:30 p.m. ]>ave Vallelo 7
a.m.. 9 a.m.. 12:20 p.m., 3:15 p.m.. « p. m . Q^n
<Jsy*. 7 a.m., a a.m., 3:20 p.m., « p.m. Pi» r •>"
ft I^lKficn rt.: phone Main 13OS. HATCH HUOs'
For tT. S. JTavy Tard end Vallejo.
Klmr. H. J. CORCORAN "leaves rlorlh trd
Kerry bide., foot of Clay St.. 10 a. ta C-'m
v. m.; Sundays, 10 a. m. S p. m Leave
VaUcJo. AOcn's rrharf, 7:115 a. m., 2 30 p
m.; fcundaye. 7-15 a. m.. 5 p. m. Fare 25c
each may. PIPER. ADEN. GOODALL CO.
SALES OF NOVEMBER
REACH LARGE FIGURES
Realty /Deals- Above the Average
Round Total of $4,500,500
Five hundred and ninety-one sales of
San Francisco real estate were recorded
In the month of November. Thomas
Masee & Sons In their Real Estate Cir
cular say the value represented in these
transactions was $4,564,547. The figure is
above the average for the preceding ten
months of 1904. The feature of the
month was the sale of the Hayward
building for 51,151.000. Magee & Sons re
port that the real estate market Is
strong In tone. Many buyers are look-
Ing for good business properties, but
those offered are few. The sales in No
vember were distributed among the
several sections of the city about the
sair.e as usual. The flfty-vara section
made a higher record owing to the
deal for the Hayward building.
The new firm of Sage, Dealey & Co.
reports several good sales during the
week Just closed. This concern has sold
for George de Urloste to M. Johnson the
southeast corner of Fell and Franklin
streets, 50 feet on Fell by 120 feet on
Franklin to Hickory avenue, for $25,-
C00; for the Deuwel estate to James
Spanton, property on the north line of
Pacific street, 118:5 feet west of Mont
gomery avenue, 20:5x137:6 feet, 632-634
Pacific street, for $10,000; for Agnes M.
Roser Wilson et al. to W. M. Liong,
the northeast corner of Chesley and
Boyd streets, C0x60 feet, for $3800; for
Frank H. "Woods Trust to Charles W.
Smith, lot on the south Una of Pacific
avenue, 75 feet west of Broderick street,
60xl27:8Vi feet. Irregular, for $10,000; for
Alice V. Sweeney to a 1 client, lot and
residence on the north lino of Filbert
street, 153:8 feet east of Baker, for $4250;
for F. Bronson to Max Rosenberg,
property on the west line of First
street, 100 feet south of Folsom, 20x70
feet and two-story building, for $5600.
Center & Spader have sold to the
Meese & Godfrey Company the north
west corner of Nineteenth and Harrison
streets, 245x137:6 feet, for John Center,
for $30,000. A factory will be built on
the site. Center & Spader have also
sold for George Crim to the Empire
Foundry half a block, 200 feet square,
between Sixteenth, Alabama and Flor
ida street. A foundry plant will be
erected. The terms of the sale are pri
vate.
Madison & Burke will subdivide and
offer for sale the holdings of Mrs. Em
ma G. Butler In the Presidio Heights
district. Including the corners of Pacific
and Presidio avenues. Pacific avenue
and Laurel street, Jackson and "Walnut
streets and also properties on Pacific
avenue between Presidio avenue and
"Walnut street, and on Jackson street
between Laurel and Locust streets.
Frontages by subdivision will be of
fered of 30, 34 and 45 feet. The proper
ties are all desirable.
Bovee. Toy & Co. have sold a lot
fronting 26 feet on the west line of
Kearny street, running through 67:6
feet to Clara lane, 86 feet north from
Sutter street, with four-story brick
building, for Dr. Hlrschfelder to a
client, for something like $100,000. '
SOME LEADING DEALS.
Madison & Burke were the agents for
the sale of the southwest corner of
Jackson and Stockton streets, 84x132:6
feet, wi;h three-story brick building,
for A. Chlchizola to Ferdinand E. Hes
thal, for about $S0,000.
The probate court has confirmed the
sale of the southeast corner of Califor
nia and Leidesdorff streets for the Al
vinza Hayward estate to the Firemen's
Fund Insurance Company for $285,000.
G. H. Umbsen & Co. will hold an
auction of real estate next Tuesday.
The Bishop block, on the corner of
Market and Annie streets; so it has
been decided, will be torn down and a
ten-story structure will take Its place.
Mrs. M. F. Frear and Mrs. M. E. Hal
lett will erect a seven-story and base
ment brick building on the south line
of Ellis street, near Jones, at a cost of
$65,000.
Daisy B. Horst has bought from the
Irving M. Scott estate property on the
north line of Pacific avenue, 137:6 feet
east of Broderick street.
Among the recent sales of Madison &
Burko are the following: Lot 31x60,
with three-story and . basement brick
building, en the south line of Clay
street, between Dupont and Kearny,
for Leland Spencer, $12,500; southwest
corner of Howard and Twenty-second,
30x122:6, with improvements, for M. E.
von Schroeder; 20x59:6 and three-story
brick building on the north side of Sac
ramento, between Kearny and Mont
gomery. $15,000; lot, 24:6x137:6, on the
south line of Sutter, 114 east of Pierce,
for Emma G. Butler, $6500; lot, 50x
100, with improvements, on the south
line of Stevenson, 100 west from
Twelfth, for J. Hammond et al., $12.
500; lot. 30x190, on the south line of
"Waller, 146 west of Scott, for E. M.
Pissis,. $4000; lot, 25x75, and four flats
on the north side of Tehama, 150 west
of Fifth, for E. Loverich, $3,850; lot,
25x100, on the south line of "Washing
ton, 112:6 east of Laurel, for J. Isaac
eon, $3200, and lot, 25x120, on the west
line of Twentieth avenue. 200 south of
Clement, for C. "W. Morton, $600.
IX MANY SECTIONS.
Baldwin & Howell have sold to Mrs.
C. G. Jacott a three-story frame build-
Xtji. w_ ApyERTISE3CENTS._
DcUgfcttetly frz&rsnt. Cootlax to scaJp. Steps ttcblsg tiuttatly.
Me wbro's Herpicide
The ORIGINAL remedy that "IcBls the Dandruff derm."-
GOIN&I GOING!! GONE!!!
lancoE ifaTUiE it. mnctN vu'site it. too uti rsi SEkrieioc
An m m A. | fC« %Af I PP family, because dandruff If a cont*eiout dltrasa.
IVlMlV W Vtf I B" Cl -First li Infection, then lfter weeks or months dand-
It It tfct daVof «ome wlve» to patch and dam th« ruff appear*, followed by Jtchtnsr scalp and falllnc
faiany's wearlne apparel, but when the natural hair. Newbro's Herpiclde kills the rertn and
coverine on hubby's crown wears throuca. » cures every sta*e of this disease except chronic
shows fast the "stitch In time" was neglected. baldness. Marvelous results follow Its us*. An
Every wife should be "scalp Inspector" to the exquisite hair dressing.
Ort| Starts, $1.00. Send 10c, stimos, to HERP1CIDE CO, Dept B, Detntt, Weft, for c uaplL ...
a'PUCATIOSS AT PBOM ISEJT BABBEB SgOFS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1904.
ing and the southeast corner of Sacra
mento and Walnut streets, 37:6x100
feet, for. Mrs. Christine Girsch, who
was represented by Guy T. Wayman,
for $16,000; lot and improvements on the
north line of Lincoln street, 114:7 east
of Jones, for Alice Rowland, to Charles
Bovone, for $3,000; lot, 25x137:6, on the
north line of Tine street, 1S1:3 east of
L-yon, for E. Montague, to John Seeba,
for $2,500: 25x110 on the north line of
"Union street. 37:6 west of Pierce, for
Margarita K. May, to W. C. Street, for
$2,500; 23xl37;<5 en the north line of Fell
street. 181:3 east of Broderick, for the
California Title Insurance and Trust
Company, to Johanna McDermott, for
$2,500; 25x137:6 feet on the north line of
Post street. 1R1:S feet east of Broderick,
for Mary B. Angus',' to Frank A. Lan
dry, for $3,000; 25x137:6 on the north
line of Fell street. 131:3 east of Broder
ick, for the California Title and Insur
ance Company, to Samuel Glass, for
$2,500; 106x120 feet on the east line of
First avenue. 332:7 feet north of Point
Lobos, for Minnie W. Sheehy, to Peter
McHugh, for $5,400; 34:4^x137:6 on the
south line of Green street, 103:1% feet
east of De'visadero, for Mabel Gump, to
Eliza S. Talent, for $3,850; 25x135 and
improvements on the east line of Cas
tro street, 121 feet north of Nineteenth,
for Sarah Johnson, to Hattie Mann;
80x114 feet on the southeast corner of
Twenty-sixth and Noe streets, for C
L. Tllden, to Samuel McAdam, for
$2,000; southeast corner of Nineteenth
and Kansas streets, 25x100, for H. J.
Crocker, to Mary T. Bowman, for $650;
25x100 feet on the west line of Pennsyl
vania avenue, 883 feet north of Twenty
fifth street, for $500, from S. F. Weeks,
to George W. Barbee.
Baldwin & Howell also report sales
in the Sunset and Richmond districts
as follows: Northwest and southeast
corners of H street and Nineteenth ave
nue boulevard, each 132:6x100 feet, for
Albert Meyer to a client, for $20,000;
25x100 feet on the east line of Forty
sixth avenue, 200 feet north of S street,
for A. Meyer to C. E. Bonsall, for $300;
lot on the east line of Forty-sixth ave
nue, 225 feet north N street, 25x120 feet,
A. Meyer to George Homage, $300; City
Realty Company to G. C. Versalovich.
lot on the west side of First avenue, 110
feet north of I street, 25x120 feet, for
$1650; City Realty Company to W. T.
Lorenzen, lot on the west line of Sec
ond avenue, 60 feet south of Hugo
street, 25x95 feet, for $1400; A. Meyer to
Lizzie Carpenter, lot on the south line
of H street, 32:6 feet east of Twentieth
avenue, 25x100 feet, for $1400; L. Lip
man to George R. Gleason, lot on the
south side of H street, 82:6 feet east of
Tenth avenue, 25x100 feet, for $1700; A.
Meyer to Bessie C. Armstrong, lot on
the ©ast line of Forty-sixth avenue, 25
feet north of N street, 25x100 feet, for
$300; Alfred Baer to J. J. C. Glennie, lot
on the west line of Thirty-seventh ave
nue, 125 feet south of C street, 50x120
feet, for $300; L. Llpman to John G.
Welti, lot on the south side of H street,
82:6 feet east of Tenth avenue, 25x100
feet, for $1700; Ellen Ward to Thomas
Fewer, lot on the east side of Eighth
avenue, 225 feet south of Point Lobos
avenue, 25x120 feet, for $$75; City Realty
Company to Frank W. Fuller, lot on
the northwest corner of First avenue
and Hugo street, 25x95 feet, for $2750;
A. S. Baldwin to Rosa Dodd, lot at the
northeast corner of C street and Forty
fourth avenue, 57:6x100 feet. $1050; O. C.
Cappelmann to Rosie Smith, lot on the
east side of Fourth avenue, 60 feet
south of Hugo street, 25x95 feet, for
$1500; John McLeod to John L. Nelson,
lot on the south line of Hugo street, 95
feet west of Sixth avenue, 25x110 feet,
with two new flats, for $6500; H. H. Salz
to Jean de Greayer, lot on the west
line of Forty-fifth avenue, 250 feet
south of B street, 25x120 feet, for $550;
A. M. Whittle to John N. McLeod, lot
on the east side of Sixth avenue, 75 feet
north of Hugo street, 25x95 feet, for $1600.
CITY PROPERTIES.
Sonntag Brothers have made the fol
lowing sales: Lot 25:3x82:6 feet and
three flats on the south line of Califor
nia street, 32:6 feet east of Baker, $6000;
lot 25x77:6 feet, with house, on the east
side of Stockton street, 25 feet south of
Francisco, $2800; lot 25x100 feet on the
south line of Fifteenth street, 75 feet
east of Sharon, $2000; lot 25x115 feet on
the south line of Fourteenth street, 155
feet west of Sanchez, $2200; lot 27:6x
112:6 feet, with residence, on the east
line of Scott street, 110 feet north of
Vallejo, $10,500; lot 25x125 feet on. the
east line of Noe street, 125 feet south
of Fifteenth. $2300; five lots 126x120 feet
on the east ifne of Twenty-fifth avenue,
39:6 feet south of B street, $1650; lot 25x
122:6 feet, with two-story house, on the
west lino of Howard street, 135 feet
north of Eighteenth, $4000; lot 23:6x105
feet, with cottage, on the north side of
Duncan street, 263 feet west of Church,
$1800; lot 25x150 feet on the east line of
Noe street, ISO feet south of Fifteenth,
$2200; lot 80xl22:6^fBet on the west side
of Valencia street, 165 feet north of
Twenty-fifth, $4500, and lot 68x187:6 feet
on the north line of Union street, 250
feet east of Baker, $4100.
Center & Spader have made sales as*
follows: Lot, 60x200 feet, on the west
line of Kansas street, 100 feet north of
Alameda, from J. B. Coryell et al. to a
SAHTA SAYS —"YOUR CREDIT IS GOOD
Hundreds of articles suitable for gifts displayed on our eight great floors. Remember you are welcome to credit Make
your selections early. We store free of charge and deliver when wanted.
Wo. 1 — Book Caa« — Made of quax- So. 3 — Varlor Cabinet — Mahogany XTo. S — Hall Seat — Made of quarter- jfo. 7— acturio Caolaet M4<*» of
tered oak, golden finish. Ample room finish. Exceptionally graceful design. sawed oak: golden or weathered fin- solid oak or mahogany nnlah. Unique
for the average library. "Well made Back decorated with shaped bevel lsb. Carved back, shaped seat, turned design. Th« latest and most conven-
and highly polished. Price. .817.50 French plate mirror. Prloe,. 817.50 legs and spindles. Price. .. .810.50 "... ...?f. .7.^ ..?.?. .f. °?f eieTsO
Ho. 8— Morris Booker— Solid oak; Ho. 4— Grandfather's Clock— Made Bv. a— Costume*— Made of quarter- jfo. »— Sharta* BtandHouartered
golden or weathered finish. Reversl- of quartered oak. weathered. Move- sawed oak, weathered. Handy ad- oak or mahogany finish. Four roomy
ble velour cushions. Back adjustable ment Is one of the best and will keep Junct for dressing-room. Price..... 5j awer *^ L * r /t. b 27 el p , lat# mirror-
to four positions 89.25 excellent time. Price 826.25 86.25 . . ? . . "„!."?. "*. . 7. , P .°"! SlISo
Dozens of exclusive patterns in every A de P artm ent that will please every taste,
grade, ranging from the modest ingrain to vast arra y» ra "ging in price from the least
the Royal Wilton. The few items quoted will /spmc j^mS^^^S^Ml expensive to the finest grade. All carefully
prove that our prices are the lowest. /^S^l»^^|jfl | wf^jAMpJllI selected patterns.
Agate Pro-Brussels — Moth proof, sanitary, re- N^jJ^^ff^ 1 !^^^^ fe.as . Nottingham Lace Curtains— White or ecru,
versible carpet. In very pleasing de- on laJn O1 L fi *P red center; a choice of de- tf*-! on
signs. Pervard 35C wMMMM$m®M - * S1 *" s - , Sp f :aI - P cr P air e?l.W
it- i * a a j • r\ ■ 4. i ■ j a , |^i**»ie5t3ai^ a 9«^f $5.25 Cable Net— An excellent Rrads j?ood. C«2 HE
Velvets — A good grade in Oriental and floral W TW heavy net; artistic design. Per pair....
designs* Soft and luxurious to the nn M ifatral RanirAvl $4..so Portieres— Mercerixed fron fron up- C«> AC
tread. Per yard VJC jf HCgai Hall^U estry; in two-toned effects. Per pair.. •p&JvD
Axminster— Fine deep pile. Floral, Oriental $1.00 down and $1.00 a week will $6 $ Jep Portieres— An excellent jrrade of material,
and Persian effects. An excellent C1 1C Purchase a Regal. Range. A master- Well made; very artistic. Per pair.... J9 g|j
A -o A *kl IS piece of mechanical, ingenuity. No * *• *p*J*\j*r
grade. er yard *j/».*cr t range on the market wi n equa i $ 2 .oo Couch^ Cover—Oriental stripe, frinzed all
Body Brussels — Choice designs. This good ifc for economy and durability. We around stripe. Choice designs. Each. fl*-| 9A
old weave is too well known to c 1 1 <%l/ h T every p °% an( l iH c ' * " * n " u'r*' V ' V J * * V fMV
, , • .. t, , \1 \? v Ay cheerfully replace any part found de- $4.50 Couch Cover — Bagdad stripe: re- C?*i »7f»
need description. JPer yard.... *LlC/2 fective> v yv versible. An excellent grade Each. $2.75
client; lot, 25x70 feet, on the west Bide
of Powell, 74 feet north of Chestnut,
Mrs. E. Elpper to P. D. Martini; the
northeast corner of Twenty-fourth and
Dolores streets, 61x117:6, J. B. Morgan
to a client; the southwest corner of
Florida and Nineteenth streets, »0x63,
John Center to F. J. Ehrmann; lot, 26x
115. on the east line of Capp street, 170
feet south of Twenty-fourth, S. T. Des
mone to A. Czipowski; lot, 25x100, on
the east side of Bryant, 127 feet south
of Twentieth, John Center to Mrs. M.
Miller; lot, 28x88:9, on the west line of
Alpine, 32 feet south of Duboce ave
nue, C. Lehmann to Elma B. Beattie,
and lot, 28x90, on the west side of Al
pine, 60 feet south of Duboc* avenue,
C. Lehmann to George W. Brown.
Sales are reported as follows by Sol
Getz & Son: Lot, 50x120, on the west
line of Forty-seventh avenue, 100 feet
south of S street, to Leona Offleld; 50x
120, on the west line of Forty-seventh,
avenue, 100 feet south of H" street, to
F. H. Irvine; 60x100, on the northwest
line, of Edinburgh street, 200 feet'north
east of Persia avenue, to Hannah
Quinlan; 60x120, on the east line of the
Forty-ninth avenue, Ocean boulevard,
87:6 feet south of L street, to Mary O.
Quinlan; 50x120, on the east line ' of
Forty-eighth avenue, 62:6 feet north of
*L street, to Harry L. Gunn; 60x240, on
the east line of .Forty-eighth- ave
nue, Ocean boulevard, 175 feet north of
T street, to Augusta Cache; 62:6x120, on
the northwest corner of Forty- eighth
avenue and L street, to Miss V. Mac
lean. - 1 *- '■*" '■'■'
SUBURBS AND COUNTRY.
Chatfleld & Vlnzent have sold the
H. F. Mann property at Ro'ss Valley to
Frank P. Fuller of this city for $18,
750. It comprises seven acres of wood
ed, rolling land, supplied with abun
dant spring water. Chatfleld & Vln
zent have also sold for Pierre Plet of
San Francisco a farm of 92 acres, Im
proved, four miles west of Napa City,
on the Sonoma road,. for $10,000. Piet
has - bought, through the . same agency,
f40 acres of land to be planted in vine
yards, twelve miles - east of Fresno," at
Jameson station, from H. H. Theer
man, for $6500.
A handsome publication Illustrating
the beauties of El Cerrito park has
been published by Hoag & Lansdale.
Baldwin & Howell report an active
demand for lota in San Mated Park.
During the last ten days a number -of
sales. wen? effected. E. B. McPherson,
superintendent of Cypress Lawn Ceme
tery, purchased lot 163 on, Clark Drive,
228x300 feet, for $2000; lot 216, fronting
112 feet on Costa Rica avenue, with a
depth of 232 feet, was sold to John S.
Van Winkle of San Mateo for $800; Ed
win Dews and Elisha S. Trlggs of San
Francisco paid $1450 for lot 13 on Pop
lar avenue, having | a frontage of 150
feet, with a depth of 235 feet; lot 215,
110x240 feet, was sold to Walter and
Annie Sealy of San Mateo for $800; the
Fame .parties bought lot 193, 128x140
feet, for $700; Wilfred F. Mills of San
Francisco bought- lot 154, corner of
Bellevufl and Crescent avenues, 180x285
feet, for $1250; lot 149, having a front
age of 105 feet on Bellevue avenue,
with a depth of 280 feet, was sold to C
M. Grellman of. San Francisco for
$1000; Charles W. Beegle bought lot 205
for $1250; the lot Is at the Intersection
of Crescent avenue and Warren road,
and has a frontage of 166 feet and a
depth of 245 feet; N. Morgenthaler of
San Mateo purchased lot 152, 120x230
feet, on Crescent avenue, for $1000: the
City Street Improvement Company,
which h-is the contract for sewering San
Mateo Park, Is making rapld'progress
with the work. More than 4000 lineal
feet of sewer have been placed. The
remaining 15,000 will be completed
within six "weeks.
Constructing Engineer Wanted.
The United States Civil Service
Commission announces an examination
on January 4 and 5 to fill a vacancy
In the position of constructing engi
neer In th« Ordnance Department at
large- for the- United States Powder
Depot, Dover, N. J.; salary, $200 per
month; age limit, 20 years or over.
Apply to the Civil Service Commission,
Washington, D. C, or to the secretary
of the Board of Civil . Service Exam
iners, Postofflce, San Francirfco, for ap
plication form 1312, which should be
properly executed and filed with the
commission at Washington.
Mecca Case Dismissed.
. ■ The case of Angelo Mecca, charged
with grand larceny, was dismissed by
Judge Cook yesterday on motion of
the District Attorney on the ground
that the evidence was Insufficient to
convict. He was accused of haying
stolen $95 on September 6 from Mrs.
Mary A. Romagnano, 438 Vallejo
street.
California Calendars for 1905.
California Poppy. • Poinsettla, Chinese
and {tedwood Calendars. All new— best
ever— ready for mailing. Sanborn, Vail
& Co.; 741 Market street. . •
ADVERTISEMENTS. ,
Another. libel Salt.
Gray Bros., by their attorney. Fisher
Ames, yesterday began their fouth
libel suit against the owners and edi
tor of the Bulletin. Tha new com
plaint Is based . upon the alleged ma
licious and defamatory contents of an
SOROSIS HOLIDAY GOTSfF
In sending a Sorosis shoe order to a friend
you are not only giving a present which pleases j
because of exceptional beauty, but which gives
lasting satisfaction because of the comfort and
freedom from strain that is gained through j
perfect fit. Much of the popularity of Sorosis
is due- to the scientifically accurate fitting.
Sizes run from 1 to 9 ; widths from AAA to EE.
Sorosis Health Leather is a necessary pre-
i caution in damp weather.
SORQSIS vSHOEMDLOR ftOfc\L>$HOE STORE
216 POST ST. •<»— -—0-50 THIRD ST.
article published November It. under
the caption, "Deal with Gray* Xa Raw. 1 *
ItHMTUSX TO JLtNT MACHIUES— 'J! lw p— u*|
•f Works formally notified th« Board of 8u.
jxirvtaors yesterday that Gray Bros, had re
fused to rent to the city any etr*«t-eweepla*
machine* because their bills of 12811 SI ha4
been, he!d up by the Finance Commltte*.
• ADVERTISEMENTS.
3132
r '«—^^*— . if>s-in7-iQ9 POST S*r\^^__^ g^^^jBM*BBxfijBB^^^^^
Miriurinfor Rorilintinn Stursrestiont for Christmas Presents
ImuWiniBi ncUUCllun Odlo from tht
Cloak*. Snit«. Beincoat*. Skirt* and C---,, p A#l J o n. h(1 . (m( .. t
shin wai.t.. rancy Goods Department
$22.50 TAILORED SUITS; re- 'LADIES' INITIAL HANDKER-
chiced to ".Vri-nSh CHIEFS, %-inch hem. all initials,.
%?-m * $ h 2 S SU> 50 6 Jn box. per box .50c
SLITS reduced to 9U.0U *
$14.50 SILK SUITS reduced GENTS* INITIAL HANDKER-
to : 99.oO CHIEFS, %-inch hem, all initials,
$17.50 SILK SUITS reduced 6 in boXf box - _ ; 75c
to ?1--«>O .
$25.00 SILK SUITS reduced LADIES' INITIAL HANDKER-
to $10.50 CHIEFS, pure linen, i^-inch
$25-00 and $27.50 VELVET SUITS henif all i nitials> 6 in box# per
reducedto ?!O.uO ■
$30.00 and $3500 VELVET SUITS *
reduced to $24.50 LADIES' WALRUS HAND
$1500 RAIN COATS reduced '-' BAGS, inside pocket card case
to ..§11. 5O and purse> braided handle, 12-
$15.00 TOURIST COATS re- inch> black and brQwn ?J#00
duced to ipw.oo
$20.00 TOURIST COATS re- FANCY COLLARS, some stud-
duced to ?14.5O ded W ; th beads, others plain, all
S2.50 Wool. Albatross or Alpaca new colors and white. Special. G5c
Waists reduced to $l.«o
$3.00 Wool Waists reduced LADIES' NECKWEAR, novel-
to .- $2.25 ties with tabs and lace trimmed;
$400 Alpaca Waists reduced^ pink, blue, white and black. Spe-
to •• $2.95 cja] each $1.00
Special Holiday Offeria*. In SILK MUFFLERS _ A new ]ot>
Black and Colored Dress Goods yards ion g , 2%-incn hem, 24
SILK STRIPE BATISTE IN wide, stamped free Spe-
fancy holiday boxes, enough for a cial - each 91-5
iday boxes, comprising silk Lans- . _ .
downc, Fancy Oxfords and new ors and Slzcs « m Christmas boxes,
silk and wool novelties, worth up per pair $1.OO
to $1.25 per vard, enough for a
waist $1.95 BATTENBERG SQUARES, with
SAXONY BROADCLOTH, all widc Battenberg edge, linen cen-
colors, including black; 52-inch all ter, 20x20 inches, each., S5c
wool, the $1.50 kind: per yd. . .9Sc
LONDON TWEEDS. sample TAPESTRY SQUARES, bcauti-
pieces, enough for a suit; all wool; ful ncw assortment of designs.
48 inch; values up to $1.25. Spe- nne Persian colorings. 22-inch,
cial, per yard <J9c each .50c
Hnliffav UMBRELLA SHAWLS, crochet
nunudj oiifu wool white> with pink b]ue and
JAPANESE SILK, light blue, lavender borders, very full and
pink, yellow, orange, scarlet, car- large size, each $1..>O
dinal. whi%?, cream and black. urrinr EAcrivtTnDc « "*
Special, per yard 23c 00 1 L / AS £ I £ A ?O RS - a11 P?P'
ular shades, shell stitch, extra size,
SURAH SILK. 24 inch; for Muf- each 25c
flers; stamped free, per vd..$l.OO
_. . . . . ' . SQUARE CROCHET SHAWLS
Table Govers and Curtains t-*] 1 woo1 « heav y ualit y- popular
shades, large size, each 75c
TABLE COVERS, the 60c kind; TTW
Oriental and conventional designs, UMBRELLA SHAWLS — Extra
4-4 size, neatlj' fringed. Spe- heavy quality, very large size, shell
cial 35c pattern, all coiurs, each $2.00
*- ' :"k ".: -»-.< •' ' -VVJN
NOTTINGHAM LACE CUR- CHILDREN^ HOSE~"Knicker-
TAINS. plain centers, three yards bocker." This is an extra heavy
by 54 inches; $2.50 valu<*. Spe- 'quality, double knee, soles and
cial, per pair $1.9O toes, per pair ..25c
Glove and merchandise orders issued. . ; "
FREE EMBROIDERY LESSONS Tuesdays and Fridays from 0
A. M. till 12 M.; Wednesdays and Thursdavs from 1 P. M till 4
P. U. EMBROIDERY MATERIALS should be purchased now
Complete assortments of wool yarns, Battenberg braids embroidery
silks, silk and cotton cords and Battenberg patterns.
BERLIN FIGHTS
A CORPORATION
German Capital Intends
to Construct and Own
Five Suburban Eailways
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BERLIN, Dec. 3. — Berlin has been
suddenly plunged into a fight which
promises a long and bitter struggle
between the municipality and the
powerful Grosse Berliner Street Rail
way Company, now in possession of
Btreets under a twenty-year franchise
expiring in 1919. The conflict was
precipitated by the determination of
the city to build five suburban lines
to compete with the best lines of the
Etreet railway corporation. The di
rectors of the Grosse Berliner Com
pany believe its arrangement with the
city prohibits municipal competition
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HOLIDAYGIFTS
A beautiful Oriental Rug will be appreciated Ion* after '
the day of giving has passed. Our superb collection, "in-
creased by very recent importations, offer* splendid oppor-
tunities for selecting attractive gifts.- For the lovers of beau- .
tifully toned Antiques there are Royal Tabriz. Silky Khoras-
sans, Shiraz. Kazaks and Afghans, Ferrahans. Sennas. Prin- '
cess and Royal Bokharas, Antique Iran Hall Strips, etc. Our
prices are very reasonable— we are pricins: these Orientals
as low as %a.v>. while the prices of rare Shivrans, Belobchis- "
tans and Kurdistans range upward from $12.
W&J. SLOANE &CCX
-FURNITURE - CARPETS • RUGS - DRAPERIES-
114-122 POST STREET
A Garden of Choicest. Roses FREE to Any Address in United Stages. Address Call OMce for p articular s
ADVERTISEMENTS.
during the life of the franchise. They
have called a special meeting for next
Wednesday to discuss legal steps to
obstruct the city's plans.
This .situation is aggravated by the
city's intention to construct 'a tunnel
under the famous avenue Unter den
Linden for the purpose of connecting
two municipal lines, and also of com
pelling the Grosse Berliner Company
to use tunnels for Its two tracks, which
now cross the surface of Unter den
Linden. The city's project has the
warm support of the Kaiser, and the
contest is certain to be a battle royal.
The Grosse Berliner Company com
mands resources amounting to 125,000,
000 marks ($25,250,000) while the city
can secure unlimited financial backing
at low rates of interest for carrying
out its municipal ownership schemes.
The recent action of the Grosse Berliner
Company in raising its commutation
rates 25 per cent is one reason why the
city authorities are so incensed.
The two existing city lines barely^pay
operating expenses, owing to the lack
of a connecting link, as well as on ac
count of the superior service of the
street railway corporation in same dis
tricts. ::*• •;:
Some men are better satisfied with
failure than others are with success.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1904
DEATH PUTS AN END
TO BUSY LIFE.
WILLIAM DEANE PASSES AWAY
William A. Deane, former County
Clerk of San Francisco and well
known in politics all over the State,
died at his home oh Twenty-third ave
nue yesterday afternoon shortly after
2 o'clock. Sir. Deane was stricken
with an acute attack of stomach trou
ble a' week 'ago "arid' gradually grew
weaker till the end came. v;;:. /
Mr. Deane was born in this city 43
years ago and led an active life. He
was educated in the public schools
and became engaged in politics at an
early age. He was known and recog
nized as a leader and a man of ability
in the political world. It was not long
before his hard and earnest labors
were duly rewarded and he rapidly
rose from a humble position to
places of trust and honor.
Mr. Deane served two terms as
chief deputy county clerk under
Charles Curry and was then twice
elected to that office after Curry had
been chosen Secretary .of State. He
proved a trustworthy official and was
very popular with his fellow employes
at the City Hall. Since that time he
occupied several important positions
and up to the time of his detath was
superintendent of the United States
Indian warehouse at 23 Washington
street.
Mr. Deane was prominent In frater
nal orders, being a member of Stan
ford Parlor, Native Sons of the Gold
en West; of the Woodmen of the
World and of the Red Men. He is sur
vived by his mother, Mrs. Margaret
Deane; a wife,, a son 12 years old,
two sisters, Miss Mary Deane and
Mrs. M. H. de Young, and a brother,
John J. Deane. The funeral will take
place on Tuesday from St. Mary's Ca
thedral, where a requiem high' mass
will be celebrated at 10 o'clock. The
Interment will be made at Holy. Cross
Cemetery and will be private.
ANNUAL PERFORMANCE 4
FOR THE ACTORS' FUND
Leading Theatrical Stars of City to Be
Seen at the Orpheum Next
Friday. -V.' '^
The best talent in the city -will be
seen at the benefit. performance in the
Orpheum Friday. , The entertainment
•will be under the auspices of the As
sociated Theatrical Managers and '. its
proceeds •will be devoted to the char
ity fund for sick and needy. actors. A
continuous performance consisting of
sixteen acts is announced. J . l „. '
: Williams and Walker, the greatest
team of colored comedians before the
public and direct from their London
triumphs, K will be the contribution
from the Grand Opera-house, while
the William H. West big minstrel Ju
bilee will furnish a good old .fash
ioned first part as a curtain raiser for
the show. The Alcazar will present
the second act of "The Professor's
Love Story," and Herschell . Mayall,
the popular leading man of the Cen
tral Theater, will be seen at his best
in the trial scene from "Robert Em
met." . .
The Tivoll Opera-house has prom
ised the grand sextet and chorus
from ' "Lucia,'\ with Mme. Fannie
Francesca in the title role and Paul
Steindorff wielding the baton. The
Orpheum will present, some of the
best turns known to modern,vaude
ville, and the Chutes will send in a
novel feature. James Edward Britt,
the young pugilist, will tell the same
stories on the stage that he . did - In
New York, Boston and other Eastern
cities, where he made a great hit in
vaudeville. . •
On account of the great length of
the bill the overture will be played at
1 o'clock . sharp. There has been "' a
large sale of tickets and the reserva
tion of seats ■ will * begin at ; the box of
flee of the Orpheum Tuesday morning
at -9 o'clock.
FORMER COUNTY CLERK WHO
PASSED AWAY YESTERDAY AFTER
NOON AT HIS HOME IN THIS CITY.
SMALL BASS GET MANY
PEOPLE INTO TROUBLE
Deputies of the State Fish Commis
sion Arrest Numerous Violators
of Gnmc Laws.
Deputy Fish Commissioners Ingalls
and Welch found 1500 pounds of
small striped bass yesterday Ip a
building on Gold street used by A.
Paladini as a smokehouse. Peter To
rello, John Castonala, Thomas Casto
nala and Vincent Serio, who were
found in charge of the cached flsh,
were placed under arrest. Practically
all the bass were found to be under
weight.
C. Sebastian was fined $20 by Judge
Fritz yesterday for shipping under
sized striped bass to* Los Angelesj.
Justice of the Peace Browne of Val
lejo fined M. Souza and M. Monez $20
each yesterday for selling small bass.
Justice of the Peace Pratt of Crock
ett has fined A. Penachia *$20 for
shipping undersized striped bass to
San Francisco from Contra Costa
County.
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, Dec. 3. — The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Frank Carter,
25, and Pearl Myer, 18, both of San
Francisco; Ben M. Holman. 40. San
Francisco, and N. Jean Snyder, 35,
Oakland; John M. Tosta, 24, Sausallto.
and Senhorinha R. Coelho, 22, Oak
land; Ralph E. Granger, 24. Tracy,
and Ruby Douglas White, 23, San
Francisco; Joseph F. Pann, 21, and
Mary Perry, 20, both of Elmhurst.
Never judge by appearances; the
homeliest girl usually has the most
money.
THIS WEEK
THE LAST
Pommer-Eilers Removal Sah of Fine
Pianos to End in a Week.
ni?r?« e J" y », One k f the remaining nne new
pianos has been placed on the main
salesroom floor of Pomraer-Ellers, amone
them some of the very choicest and lat-
est of high-grade Instruments, that were
on the way when the sale first started.
There are about twenty fine hew Deck-
ers, seventeen choice new Kimballs, a
dozen of elegant Hazeltons and the same
number of Lesters left to choose from,
besides a large number of excellent me-
dium grade and cheaper brands.
Everything will be closed out and the
sale will be a thing of the past by noon
of Monday, the 12th inst. These are the
prices:
PIANOS — Just a dozen— $18,
827. $38. $52 and up to $70. -
TJSED XTPBIOBCTS — Deckers, Stein-
ways, Fischers, Dell. etc.. etc, — $64, 585,
$96 (all in good order), and up to $345
and $332, respectively, for ,two of the
choicest of Steinway and Decker upright
pianos ever seen here.
,WEW PIANOS— Only three of the reg-
V, la » 1 25 £ sty^s remain, price $118; t\?0
Bell & Co. uprights. $96; seventeen of
the most beautiful, largest size, regular
$350 styles, now $218; and about seventy
others, ranging in price from $136 up to
n f, y four hundred doUara for the
choicest regular ?675 fancy hand-carved
Cabinet Grand upright piano in this sale.
Who'll Take the Baby?
One beautiful used baby grand, $465.
Remember, we are willing to accept a
very small payment down and balance of
price may be paid in monthly install-
ments of from $4 and $5 up to $8 and;
$10 or $ia a month, as best suits your,
convenience.
' Every instrument sold by Pommer- !
Eilers is. guaranteed.
Instruments snipped anywhere subject
to inspection and trial.
The few remaining piano • players,
pianolas, Angelus, Chase & Baker, Re-
gals, etc., at less than half what is asked
for them elsewhere, and $30 worth of
music free with each. • ' -TvJSSlSHIiS
,-■ JJBED AND NEW PAELOR .AND
CHAPEI, ORGANS — At corresponding
reductions. Send order for one to-day,
subject to examination.. $40 buys a fine
regular $75 parlor organ now. Pay $3 a
month if you like.
POMMER-EILERS,
"Biggest. Busiest and Best."
653 Market Street.
Between Palace Hotel and Examiner
Building.
WOLGAMOT
CONFESSES
HIS GUILT
One of the Accused in the
Oregon Land Fraud Cases
Causes a Sensation by
Entering a Plea of Guilty
JUDGE TO CHARGE -
JUKY ON MONDAY
Special Prosecutor Requests
Court to Dismiss Marie
Ware, as Evidence Against
Her Is Not Conclusive
PORTLAND, Dec. 3.— Prolific in sur
prises and sensations as have been the
development's in the land fraud cases,
none was prepared for the climaxes of
to-day. By far the most important,
both because of its unexpectedness and
because of the moral effect 4t is almost
certain to have on the jury, was the re
quest of Defendant Frank H. Wolga
mot, through his attorney, for leave to
withdraw his plea of "not guilty" and
be allowed to plead guilty to the crime
of conspiracy as charged. Judge Bel
linger took the matter under advise
ment. v/-: ; ;■'>■■'; '■''.
Almost equally unexpected was the
request on the part of the special pros
ecutor, Francis J. Heney, that an order
of acquittal be made in the case of
Marie L. Ware, on the ground that the
prosecution did not' believe that she,
according to the evidence, had been
proven guilty of aiding the present con
spiracy.
Of hardly less surprise was the an
nouncement made by the defense not
more than twenty minutes after the
Government had completed Its case,
that It rested and that the case was
ready for argument by counsel.
WOLGAMOT 'PLEADS GUILTY.
It was when court convened in the
afternoon that the second great sur
prise of the day occurred. The flrsi
was sprung at the morning session,
when the defense rested and brought
the trial to so sudden a close.
Claude Strahan, a new attorney in
the case, arose and stated: "I appear
for Frank H. Wolgamot, and wish to
withdraw his plea of not guilty and
substitute that of guilty."
"Mr. Wolgamot," asked the court, "do
you so desire?"
"I do," he said.
"What is your plea?" asked the court.
"Guilty."
Attorney Jieney then caused the last
sensation of the day.
"Your Honor," he said, "I have long
followed the rule in prosecuting cases
to not ask a Jury . to return a verdict
In a case where I could not myself go
into the juryrroom and vote for con
viction. In this case I do not think that
the Government has proven beyond a
reasonable doubt that Marie Ware is
connected with this particular conspir
acy within the life of the statute of
limitations. There is no doubt in my
mind that she forg«d the name of
Mattie S. Lowell, but there is no evi
dence to show that she did it with the}
purpose of furthering this particular'
conspiracy. I would therefore ask that
an order of acquittal be made by the
court in her case."
MAKES STRONG ARGUMENT.
Judge Bellinger stated that such
would be the action at the proper time,
and that the confession of Wolgamot
would also be ordered to not be taken
by the jury as going to the prejudice of
the other defendants in the case.
Attorney Hall then made his state
ment to the jury. It was a simple
recitatlo.n of the evidence as given from
the commencement of the conspiracy,
when Emma Porter first filed her ap
plication, until the last patent was is
sued and the lands transmuted into
money. The argument was strong,
clear and concise.
When Hall concluded court adjourned
until Monday, when Judge O'Day will
present the argument for the defense,
after which Attorney Heney will speak
for the prosecution. It is thought that
the case will go to the jury on Monday.
Lots of people chew the rag be
cause they can't do as they choose.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FOR TWENTY YEARS.
Not an Unusual Instance.
"I used Pyramid Pile Cure and have
not had any trouble since. I have been
a sufferer with piles for twenty years.
I think it' is the best remedy on earth
tor- piles. Hoping, this may help
others to use this remedy." Mrs. J.
D. Teller, R. F. D. 20, Sparta, Mich*.
It is a singular fact that although
many women suffer from piles, or
hemorrhoids, they frequently do not
have proper treatment because of a
delicacy women have In mentioning
such a subject. Especially is this the
case with those who have no hus-
band or brother " In whom they can
confide; and a physician Is seldom
consulted until the pain and agony in-
cident to piles become unbearable.
Thousands of .women have suffered
even longer than did- Mrs. Teller, al-
ways experiencing slight or temporary
relief, if any, from the various reme-
dies used and finally settling down to
the conviction that a cure in their
cases was impossible: Pyramid Pile
Cure has come as a boon to all such,
as it seldom," If ever, fails to effect a
permanent cure. It is sold by drug-
gists for 50 cents a. package, or will
be mailed by the makers to any ad-
dress upon receipt of price. "Absolute
secrecy is guaranteed and no name is
ever used without the consent of the
writer.
. It is suggested that those interested
.write to . Pyramid Drug Co., . Marshall,
Mich., for their little book describing
% the causes and' cure of piles, -as it is
sent free for the asking. '
Christmas buying will soon be in ~ *^y{p
full swing, and the question v-
on every lip will be, "What shall I give?" It can be quickly
answered with intense satisfaction to yourself and to your
friends by a visit to Kaufmann's.
We carry the largest stock of slippers and warm house foot-
wear in the city. \
There is nothing more appropriate for man, woman or child
than a nice pair of slippers. !
Shoe orders for any amount are issued. We have a beautiful
present ready for every child. Mail orders are filled same
Here are some examples of our wonderful values in Christmas
For Men For Ladies 1
Shce Orders Very Acceptable FELT ROMEOS — Fur trimmed.
Qj|t s> black and red; per pair
■ ■ ■* • • . \ : $1.00 to $1.50
SLIPPERS— Made of kid/ in tan K i D ROMEOS — Fur trimmed.
and black; per pair b i ack and tan; pcr pa j r
$ x -oo and $i.a«; $ X . J5O anf j $ 2>00
SLIPPERS— Made of fine calf, in VELVET ROMEOS— Fur trim-
.black, tan or oxblood; per pair mcdj bIack and ret i : per oair _
* x -«> ~ $1.50 and $2.00
FANCY SLIPPERS— Extra eood SUEDE KID ROMEOS— Finest
quality, amonsr them genuine Al- f ur t rlmmin K ; nothintr more
ligator. Seal, Walrus. Snake and beautiful made; colors black.
Lizard skin; per pair rcd> gray and Rrccn . per pair
$2.00 to $3.50 $300
KID ROMEOS— Tan and black; BUCKSKIN MOCCASINS— Per
per pair $i.so to $3.00 pair $1.75 and $2.25
C^«"F y RS a7^ed ne Tor "Sfn' For Children and Misses
wear; closed all the way up: per FELT ROMEOS — Fur trimmed,
pair $2.50 and $3.50 black and red —
BATH SLIPPERS .'. .'75c |l zcs £ J° 8 " c
T?T?T T> T>rkTuri7o»e t 1 *%. Sizes 8% to IX 80c
FELT ROMEOS— In leather or Sizes 1Z^ to 2 8sc
• ifelt soIcs; P er P air g -v- RED SATIN ROMEOS — Fur
buckskVn'm6cca°sins-p« siz^rtol...'.... 75c
pair $2.00 and $2.50 Sizes 5 to 8 85c
■-. w^ Sizes 8^ to 11. .V $1.00
rOr DOVS Sizes*n%to2 S1.10
,. . %7 red KID ROMEOS— Felt back.
Just Like Papa's." very pretty and serviceable —
SLIPPERS-Black kid and tan |l" s Sj 0 , 8 "; 8oc
ca jf sizes 8V= to 11 coc
Sizes 9 to 13 $1.00 f i2es "}* to 2 ...S1.00
Sizes 13% to 2 $i.2? A complete assortment of fancy
Sizes 2% to! 5% .$1.50 shoes for baby.
ROMEOS— Tan and black kid. tf dUf JE & I
siSYiri'; . M 'r. $,„ U Aw FnA NNre
i& p ; ,'o° ?»::::::::::::!::£ R^wj«imn««?^O
Patent Leather Shoes and Pumps itV4\Jt\f^j €H I^IHTk <Tfc C
at reasonable prices. \fl^UU <O"IUf?J?$
WOMEN DESIRE
TO SEE WEBER
Call at the Jail tp Tisit
Prisoner but Are Denied
Admittance by Officials
Special Dispatch to The Call,
AUBURX, Dec. 3. — The Grand Jury
adjourned at noon to-day until next
Monday morning without having fin
ished its investigation into the mur
der and robbery charges pending
against Adolph Weber.
Weber's only visitor to-day was for
mer Constable Henry Leak. Several
women applied for admission to visit
Weber, but were refused. Leak is
the man who shot at some one in the
dark out in the hills after the bank
robbery. He heard a movement in
the brush and soon the form of a man
appeared. Leak shouted for him to
"halt," and when the fellow ran Leak
shot, knocking off the fugitive's hat.
The next morning the robber's pistol
was found near the scene of the shoot
ing by Ralph McKinstry, a boy. Leak
could not Identify Weber as the. man
he had shot at.
The prisoner will be called upon
Monday to plead to the charge of
having killed his mother. He will en
ter a plea of not guilty and the case
will be set for trial.
. Searchers are still looking for
Weber's second hiding place, for his
money. There Is $825 missing from
the proceeds of the bank robbery and
it is not believed that Weber spent it.
He Is like his father was — very
thrifty. He does not drink nor smoke
and was not a spendthrift.
E. C. Snowden, husband of Mrs.
Snowden, Weber's aunt, was out to
day for the first time since the
tragedy. Snowden is an old man and
has been greatly upset by the mur
ders.
PERSOXAIi.
Lieutenant Emory Winshlp, u. S.
N., and his bride, who was formerly
Miss Dillon, returned from- Southern
California yesterday and have taken
apartments at the St. Francis.
Major B. H. Randolph, who suffered
an attack of paralysis about three
months ago and has since been lying
in a precarious condition at the Pre
sidio General Hospital, is now rapidly
improving. .Yesterday he spent the
afternoon on the broad veranda and
seems to be on the sure road to re
covery.
California ns in New. York.
NEW YORK, Dec. 3.— The following
Calif ornians are in New York: O. M.
Brogan, at the Everett; Mrs. J. B.
llallcry. &t the New Amsterdam; R. M.
Nason and wife, at the Victoria; M. P.
Ryan, at the Sinclair House; J. V.
Sharpe, at the Grand , Union; J. L.
Dare, at the Earllngton; R. J. Jose, at
the Hotnl Breslin; L. J. Phelps, at the
Hotel Earlington, and E. C. Saul, at
the Gllsey House.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Fractures His Heel.
OAKLAND. Dec. 3. — Charles Fiber
ling, an electrician living at 840 Madi
son street, was the victim of a pain
ful accident thi3 afternoon when he
fell from a pole on which he was
working and fractured his os calcis.
He was standing on a small platform
attached to the pole, when a bolt
broke and let him fall twentv feet.
He struck on his feet, with the result
that his heel bone was broken.
WIFE SHOOTS HUSBAND.— Oakland. Dwx
3 — In making a (run play this evening after
threatening to shoot herself Mrs. Jeanle "Web
ster accidentally discharged a small 22-calibe»
pistol and shot her hughand. P. K. "Webster.
In the right thlxh. The occurrence was thm
climax of a series of quarrels.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Uricsol,
the only cvre for
Rheumatism.
If you ere suffering from rheuma-«
tism there is a chance for you to be-
come absolutely cured. You may
cure yourself and do it quickly if you
will day aside your prejudice and
skepticism.
Every San Francisco druggist sells
Uricsol, the well-known remedy, and
we hereby authorize them to guaran-
tee a cure.
UrLsol cures rheumatism in the onl^
possible way it can be cured.
• Uric Acid and Urates are the cause
of Rheumatism. These are deposited
in the tissues, blood vessels and joint*
of the body.
These deposits must be dissolved
and eliminated from the system be-»
fore a cure can be accomplished.
Uricsol is a solvent of these and
tones up the system, stimulates tha
kidneys, liver ..nd bowel:, and thus
drives them from the system.
Uricsol is harmless, and no injuri-
ous results can possibly come to any
part of your body.
Write us to-day. for booklet con-
taining recommended diet for rheu-
matics.
URICSOL CHEMICAL CO.
Los Angeles, CaL
0 v '\" OR. JORDAN'S «ut
IHUSEUM OF ANATOMY
A JL, -t 7 *; MjfW A«*«omic»l Miuui la th«
IsSjOl : »(»«"»'l»t«»tli«CoiK. EM.* yuri.
f filpSfi DR * J0RDAH-D!3EASES OF MEM
A IWB Com.«H»doo (t»* and itrtetly prints,
f fl |V*K D il** t " wit personally or b* letter. A
\ S '/ II O. "**" <W< •" *»«T e»»« undertaken.
0 y J Uw w " u f <* P***. PHiLoiorivar
\ Vffl Jl ■*»•«*«£. MAIUU> mi, (A
A O i> T»lu»b!e bock for mn)
1J5 1^l'«»BI»A« * CO.. MS! Market St.. S. T.
|ASTHMANOLA|
I* th« only core for XTtrvoTU sad
. Bronchial ASTHMA.
Tour Dru«!it or at 60S HAIGHT ST.,
San Francisco. Cal.MILLIONAIRE'S
WILL IS FILED
Samuel Goldstein Declares
Son Was Disobedient, but
Leaves Rim an Allowance
MANY ABE KEME31BERED
Bulk of Estate Goes to the
Widow and Nephews, and
Nieces Get Goodly Sums
Relatives and charities fare well In
the will filed for probate yesterday by
the executors of the estate of Samuel
Goldstein, late president of Kutner,
Goldstein & Co.. who died November
20, leaving a fortune estimated to be
$1,500,000. One of the sons, Monroe
Goldstein, is deprived of a share of the
estate because, according to the lan
guage of the testament, "he was dis
obedient and undutiful and often as
serted his ability to take care of him
self without assistance." To this son
is left $100 in cash and $50 a month to
be paid during hi5 lifetime out of half
of the residue of the estate.
Befor* the death of Goldstein all of
his property was incorporated in the
S. Goldstein Company, and this is di
vided into 4?Sf<5 shares The will pro
vides that half of all the property Is
.community property, and shall be
given to his wifr. Sophie Goldstein.
Vfter the specific legacies are paid half
of the residue shail go to the widow,
from which the $50 a month to Monroe
shall be paid, and the remaining half
of the residue shall be held by the ex
ecutors in trust for the support of the
son. Nathan, until he is thirty years
old: provided the executors, should
they Be*- tit. may rive him any part of
his shore when h* is t\v*»nty-one. .
The following nephew? and nieces ar*
jriveri jrOuO each: Samuel Mayer, Fan
nie Ellis. Dora, tlac-hel and Henrietta
Mayer, Panni**, Kiancis, Selina and
Lutie Goldstein. Hatiie' Aekerman and
Sarah Uisner. To a niece, Annie New
mar. $50 r »U is left, and to a nephew,
Alexander <;old*iein. $10,000. To grand
nephewp, David and Leon Newman,
J2000 each is bequeathed. The charita-
tl" berjuests are J1000 for the Home
Fum' of the Ptcifie Hebrew Orphan
Af>1uro; $1000 for the Hebrew Home
for the Aged and Disabled: S500 for
ML Zion Hospital, and $2000 for an as
sociation to l>e formed in Fresno
<"ounty to receive a charity begun by
Adolph Kutnor.
OF TECHNICAL SOCIETY
Annual Convention Brought to a
Brilliant Close at the Occi
dental Hotel.
The closing hours of the annual con
vention of the Technical Society of the
Pacific Coast were celebrated with a
banquet last night at the Occidental.
George W. Dickie, president of the so
ciety,, acted as toastmaster and there
were responses by many men
distinguished In the field of science.
The dinner was attended by the mem
!-♦ rs. their wives and friends and all
had an enjoyable time.
The first toast, "Absent Friends,"
was responded to by Marsden Manson,
and was followed by LiUther Waggoner
with a short review of the history,
vork and objects of the Mechanics' In
stitute. C. E. Moore spoke of civil en
gineering and the work of the
American Society of Civil Engi
neers, and Lieutenant Tyresa told
of the life of the naval engineer. The
other speakers were: Thomas Morris,
who responded to "The Mechanical
Engineer"; M. M. O'Shaughnessy, to
'Our American Engineers in Hawaii";
Orson Brooks, to "Electrical Develop
ment"; E. T. Hewitt, to "Economic
Basis of Industrial Schools," and ' A.
T. Herman, to "The Holiday for En
gineers."
APPLIES FOR U-TTTEnS.— William P.
lU-a., cf different natme but brother of Sain
•.i*1 P. Hoer, who <Jie<J last February, yester
day petitioned for letters of administration
upon bit San Francisco estate, consisting of
S3O0Q <_arh. The foreign "eatate has already
b»en in probate in ICew South Wales.
GRAPE-NTTS.
THE "IX\-EXTIpN."
firandma Found It Con\-en!ent.
It is remarkable what a change can
be made in a family by a simple rear-
rangement of food.
A Chicago mother says: "Much to
my surprise yesterday morning: I found
the enclosed letter on my desk, written
by my seven-year-old daughter with-
out any suggestion from a soul, and
the little letter induced me to write
something' of our experiences.
"First my son who was very small
and weak was sent out to visit one of
my sisters, and she induced him to
start in on Grape-Nuts and cream in
place of the ordinary food used.
"When the boy came back after an
absence of about six months we could
hardly believe our eyes,- He had grown
over three inches in height, and wa»
an entirely different fellow In every
way, always ready, for any athletic
sport proposed and on the keen go all
of the time, while before he only want-
ed to sit or lie down, and suffered
greatly from headaches and general
prostration.
• "So we put our little girl on Grape-
Nuts and she grew well and healthy
and rosy in a short time.
"Then Mother, who is 82 years old,
began u*ing Grape-Nuts and would
frequently put the food into soup or
with an egg Into a bowl and pour broth
over It.
"She had formerly been troubled with
her stomach, suffering great pain at
times; now she says the 'invention'
has cured her and she uses Grape-Nuts
In a variety of ways— puddings, dress-
tnf for chickens or turkeys, griddle
c*ie6 and all sorts of nice things.
"The boy has been using Grape-Nuts
now for about two years and has
Brown something over 7 inches and
sained about 35 pounds, and Is still im-
proving'." ■
The little girl's letter is too lone to
reproduce, but it is written in a very
cunning style and tells her own story
.xif how she got over being sick and Was
able to so to school again, making four
in a short time, and how 'well
and healthy she felt and how much
•she loved the Grar»e-Nuts.
"She heard her'Mother tell her'Auntle
that "Grape-Nu'iB was a God-send." so
she thought God made Virape-Nuts
until she got hold <jf thellittle recipe
book one day. which she found In the
package, and thf folks explained to
hT that it was made" by xome men in
Rattle Or ok. Na:n» friven by Postum
Co., BaU'e Creek. Mk-h. Lt>ok in pk«r.
for the little b..ok, "The Coa-J to-TVell-
ville." •>
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
Here Is Some Winter ABSB^^&j^ffi H$5 ' -jegz^S^^ tF^flT> HLJIf^fek© ??fS^ fo*$kP Just in the Nick ol Time
Underwear iVwWW W®& .^JP^^PSfev I llvU? Sill^fl^MlJLr^M *« a * oUaay *L—
Tlitt will make you feel _-rr— -n. .. «**« ,, . , , -. , , n m~\rxz* *w>± •^?j/.Wmi^<^—^^ > term mm. - -— '-'"' •'• for which you would r SZ&>^
iszjsr tm -"■• «'" s«s®* * m &&> &<s^ aris»^j>a» /*i affair °££»&h 1% CT W^
LAPIES^ VEST— Made^of "^^ W Sl^M'W ((w^ ' W 4^ 1 '^^^'^\M fl^BR W^* flP' (^^B l'^'^BPSS S make, stitched back. **!•
velvet finished; high neck and JgsOlZF *sjl M (sH& QsJ?*^*® &Bk \V-L-^ ¥/•''/' J^^^^>M^ft^ sis 1$J si A B\ll2S&>**a Soublo-twiVted * Uiread. overseara
long iileeves; perfect shaped. ' **^ /'/'"V^ iiMv* i *--^ i A-& > 4l' |k\ stitched. In all colors. Sizes 6\. 7.
"nASIES' VESTS— Made of 70 per \^>4 ■ " " ' ' ' ' " '' ' X ' '- ' ; " " "' '- i ' i *" : -'' : ' ' ' -' Inspect these for 25o
cent Australian wool; high neck and &Z/r?-V .-*>*^ xv \ ' ' I r\. iUSf^-\i }l CllSmOnS
m^:iS: s r s Z£: Wm?\ what.no <mia*4''SSBSS?.«ss» iwjl fe«,^,
ZlJJifjt U V Www » W iT •> Frisco. II in aday, wceK or month W^^/ ?%&. V^V.Y.m <^^^
zsisr-At &*foi h nT&??£ srff \ STORE WILL DO lalcr y° u find thc samc lowcr clsc - i - n *st sis : .:: : .ffig
KaS a 5Sa n S^! liade they wH1 cost a \^ 1 w * v*^>^ «e^w where make a claim on us and it will be r^/z'} Cushion Cords.
si ladies' vest— Made of pure vega V^ / #^l allowed at once. What fairer^guarantee can be given ? It should make your shopping I jyi Made wiltid^ar^tSsSi *<>* SS
fl^*^ 1^^^^* 1 * 11 ** 1 "^^"^ 1 *"* /^~ // very safe, especially as we deal only in the very best. No high price at holiday times ft? I e ™^ J^S^fnk 11^!" J2SS* T ?en r a^d
ri Tfg n ht3 U «ameTifamy; jers«y shaped / J/\ and low price in January. That is hot the Price Cutter's iway of doin^ business. «- •- tr— . ' A red. T£lo e bJne. yefiow Kre Md^lavlnSr
tops, finished with a drawstring: m - fv //\ * • •-.-■. ■ '■. •. .-■...' J • * tS^^Jfc/ 1 and red and black. Price 23c
pink, blue, cream, white and black. V [/, I . . ' . . .' . . ' " ' • Y*»5^ 1 V A All TkS<ct.f f-Cfe.
f n f A " rm : ntsl -°° \ J^A Are You a Bookkeeper, Here Arc Some Ladies* : Visit Our Bargain Basement N^ ) You^ Me^riends
Lovers of Pretty NecKwcar. }^W Typewriter or Saleslady ?_ NecK Cliains . £ y^ B MJ M4 TS ll^^S£J5S. W- I 2S- i£r t- I SSSr •«* «.
**Z^&m*> rlo?"^ %ZZ / / fc ne " U & , " 1CeVe P«t«tor that will That will add riclmeM & T^ y^r SKS^S /^ / \SS?t^SSS SS."S^~VS;
TS^^tt-^y roa will fi^d t^e I S ke8p 70Ur » leeves fr " m wcarinsr out. { "^ dreM . zo^ down there. f^r- I "f ffow^ that Sm. our i?Ty "tVin>
mio^tiiSEjriJ- VTiceu more than Y^/' reaches from the wrist to above % JMiiiMiiM^ Beaded with extra dou- LADIES' GOWN— Made of soft Is^ / pri.inrly low price:
SSHER&StBm tSS^Jfi C £ I 'J' A *$ - T'f- U l , n »5 lac «- | ' Made ° f fast b .ll ck amber, black, turquoise, opal and amy- neck and sleeves trimmed with lace S« ore H»r 8tri^l- C ?rtm«irt »uh
«*mUV*>nm Agro TAB-Made of Italian cloth. Price iiSe thyat, bullet- 8 ha P ed beads. Price. 25c to match. Price 3»c . Spidered"' fia'S. ST* fa'nc? sui
ccai a nd berry de^sfinM^affi *? y ™ l Surprise Your Lady Diamonds Are Acceptable The Strain ol Life Beflins in Dollies at Prices That Will Not S2S iPSSt'S b5K 5S !< S A SS
° r BErp' c P ;; c e • coi.^K^i'n;ou 5 n^ Fric i^ WUhaCorsct0rdcr? Holiday Presculs, .... Youth. {>: Be a Strain on Your Purse. Stt h e ?WS, l iSiS?.T. ul f^.S t oS
effeot; 6 inches wide; in scroll and <$&£&J x £ ■?• 1 ", stout we ca » A But her* is a lounging 1 . \ :\ Wiy not yet the best i Sample* from one of the c-ii «.-*-»,, iti. M.« 7h.il
leaf designs; in ecru or Arabian. Price J£? e her tUn " If she *■ roba that wm *• more than Jfc> woolen underwear for the jRk larjrert Wew Tork Import- rail UOSiery UlC WCW lUnu.
\ ."><►«• X.*-^ Tf fi>,y®>,f a \ mai 4 e B , t0 - U 4 t ; (?'j\ appreciate! for warmth and /?% Uttle ones to begrin with? Ajtv M «ESb erg; dressed and un- a You can walk in them full
THE LILLIAN OVERCOLLAB and &£ >M of having ? h« n cor«t ™*1 (vVSU comfort - JM&- ' Here is some the leadiugr .Kra'^]^ dressed. Here is an ex- PBv many a mile and they will
KIBBON PBOTECTOR— M.irie of ff^'H to oX .h. ™« ,5 ?f UiTt LADIES' BOBE- Made of pbysiclans and health au- l/fMM&m, ample of the way we will %J\ not burn or hurt your feet.
heavy bleached linen; embroidered in If V CornVt tn fit y,«^o«t v t* *S I Imported all-wool teaseldown. mi-<e thoriUes recommend: iffcw*&2R «ell them: LlV^S If you have chllnlalns here
Cower patterns In Madeira designs; | fl than ours setter 7\ i in handsome colored flower \J\f *%&- IJTPAITT'S VEST — The \J -fVWf^ 14-nfCH-LOHO DOLL \*2J& is a preventive,
button-holes in earn end to draw rib- !• " /I \ Pntterns; deep round Lillian #*^p kind that buttons all the ■* TV f\ °P en and closed eyes; CX3XSBE2TS HOSE —
bons or ties through. Price thepe olse-\ n t> *l.« M c ♦ rz /J \\, collar: latest cut sleeve, with way. down the- front: brown hair; dressed ln ml Made of English cashmers
where and you will be agreeably sur- *<• D. f WC NCW ErCCt FOITn *rT deep rollin gcuffs; tied at the made of steam shrunk , red mercerized silk; white tucked /// Jersey knit and steam
prised at the price of these :»U e Ct\»*+1 '-v^A^' waist with a large cord and yarn, shaped sleeve; silk embroidered yoke; Kate Castleton bonnet, trimmed *»^» shrunk, extra length, small
_- V- ■:■;*??■' V/OrSCU tassel: gathered back and neck and down the front; small and with flowers and lace; shoes and stock- an d me dium sizes 25c"
** Donita - K oVed cu r u r .tar r t ri T s 1 hlp -H h Vs d S^S^r^^S^iK Krai^r.::::::-::::::::::::^ 8< ?
COWmtfe-3Sd^f JTSRI^'ft?? trim^erextrrtape belt insfde^o £ gw'p'rtw" CHXLBRE1TS , VEST^_Hi f h ne°ck AHOTHEB BOUSO-17 inches long; me^s? e f m^hr^^oft^sh. ?fil
Piit i i i i, i^ 8llk w. t : alTeta i Prevent • stretching- two sets of how . 1 »-..l»S< and long sleeves, -made of steam natural curly hair; Dresden head; open tic and extra ttrong; nothing skimped
back Price P • Ue> whlte ., a i ld -supporters attached. In gray or wh?te 3Bc ,° nOm^ I . W f° < mCn^ r 2 Bur P ri « ed ** » h^ unk , Australian- wool. Swiss ribbed . and closed eyes; dressvmade of fancy in^r^itAVtvtihtivicn....!^
* ' " r 7C PHCe " • • • • •«!•«« ffi iiSerSwn 3 S&TS& £*Sl "^ 1 " 1^^ tO the ffia *„% uSSS'&SSFvS? VJblf °h%
You Have Seen Dearer Leather 35c for Ladies' French wh V e'^o^ t a 8^t m^^s 0^m e P s lete n f 0 o w r uft£&.%^ h^*gj,-% & °£l J!S*A«l fS&& ffiSS %^jJ^-&£«SV$
2SS^ Sb§3S™^f ONE-HOUR SALE. . ONE-HOUR SALE. -*£ l IB fe i^S^^
presents? T r\ and Tblaok cfi? nriV. P ' ' -^ =========== ================= Handkerchief ■ yon Uuy V^S/K 50 cents. Monday and Tuesday. 3 pairs
CHILDREN'S PEOOT f «jL K " uur P rlce «*J>C BETWEEW THE HOUB O3? 9 and 10. BETWEEN THE HOXTB OF 10 and 11 J** 111 "^T* you On* J@J$$K *°r 81.OO
M^off^f B P A e° s^ m$m Ladies' Corset Covers. MmM S Si^ " lS '^To o s - pl u a nr b r2i n , a8 alt> s^ HPBBr 3' -Si&'d wh .SS N^P^' Molhe - rs -
long leather handlrp; In mcahine-made Torchon lace. I'rico. . / i^^j width: satin dotted and which is waterproof and ?Tvl\ra rt-te "flower and conventional designs; bined? ,: fcV
red. tan and black. Price 19c .12Kc W /I V V «°^ed; washable; in red. stainless; rich, pretty W /T\W Al some B ilihtl"Solled from beiS" fis: ~ It Is a woman's lnven- 'i^L
LADIES* AUTOMOBILE BAGS— 9 M A - -. „ I^IZ. »S J. white' finJi T^^v- Jj andles . ln Pearl and |/J| • died; not one worth less than 20c. tlon. and a mighty good fWZ-'b-
inches long: made of alligator skin; Here Are Some PrcttV eSS&HBHS to S, ti tn horn: , alsn some Con^° MMA LJCgWl many as high aa 30c. On sale on our one. too. It is made of lm- M
w,ll sewed: nearsilk lined: purso to t „ 7 cll J r BiBiJ^g^ Ollr t' 1 " 1 ! 3 this P^ce. aandles; metal trimmed; B^^^i^i Bargain Counter lli^C ported sateen, with belting fjf
match; st»*-l frame; lonp loath^r LZlCe NeiS «- <.^ t. more than 5 yards to worth double this price. ■^MtfHgHeaMg and buckles; double wash- V**
strap handles and patent clasp. Price :"„/"„ n-w _ . . . _ . £ cach cus tomer A yard 7 C ..............'...... 30c LadieS* ShoK UndcrsklTtS. - able patent tape buttons f\\
. *j"s«. *° J* 1 * 15 * your new waist for Christ- _. A ... „ _ - ■ Wo^. n ~ ■♦«„.- attached to button the un- Ji u
LADIES' KAHDBAO~M.de of seal of Point de Cene anfl BcaUtllierS Or Hat DrapeS NotWng MOM ACCCDtaWC ■ .hJSS * tenn'is ifiSS STcto^e« P sS 1 4rffii
las P er and fra^ \TnU wit^ g5?3? OrTi^SllSSf &^&£^R& at Half Price. Per a Holiday Present £an on. of £§£$£ vou'wlS I^mSe? Sriiffi^neV'walk erect
nur«e to mlu^ insiX^w,h h 2,n 18 inches wide; in guipure, flower, « , 4 ,' -.^ these Bureau. Scarfs or Bnnntrs^ ■ . r : >- /^Mfmf ™,h« tin. r»««n.hw You are invited to Inspect them even
feather handle Pric? ■ hand -ST? i J 1 < g vine and Tener'iffo patterns. In Ara . „. ,"? Bl^ § Made of sheer rswi4s law^scal- i ?^§SfiSS V [h? Price Cutter seUs 7 lf y .°. u don>t want to bu y- and we are
learner nanme. lu M.OO blan, ecru and white.\ Price Toe £,5? e ,, ' °£ rlWBtNew ,§^feZS^ Io P ed - embroidered borders; in very \ Thev are made with a Positive you will go away with ona
Ram Will Be Here Soon VALENCIENNES LACE-M.,de of T "* f^ P0 3 Cr '- rh , ntniv fW%m : ; effectS att p r ric S e in blind and °^ n^ de^Z" d silk lt em* ■ «nd maybe two. Price 25c
I\aill VY1II DC iicre aOOIL flne Ens i, sh thread, full one inch wide; Tx Txado chifTnn J iS*'/ J'IBJjV/k J 6 " 6018 - Price.... .....5Oc broidered scalloped, tight fitting tops. I ndlP^ At>rnn<:
ST~ Here i. a rainy day or in Teneriffe and dotted designs. 12 JS °' From 3 6 to 54XiJ^r '•«««,. M«.»r A Xt 1 - with drawstring; generously mlde in "W«S ApTOllS .
/( r^* walkine skirt that it will yards for 3Oc . inches long hemstitched 1 /^^h\ JOmC More GOOd VaiUCS fa wldth &nd length: in fancy Dresden Save many aresseii from t>e-
/«F\ ?o'r. SSR-n-W «£: r ;£aS"£^y HandKcrchicls. , . . , ,.h p ., . nJ ,o,, a .o,. r .. ,£...„„ • asW,.'affiK. i K
\\W k,? ra: ssrss .JIIfnUotRDtftb EEi;kH%f t H^C,i xid-^h£^°Bi liaS-HUotNbtnb m t^"Kr">"H»S
"^Sr j^«£5?5?aSBB W " THE PR.CE CUTTER d^ffi&^^aU^ ! «^«hi t - = .. 1 aS»a!a? 1 SSS!5^^ UUL THE pr.ce CUTTER gS. "fcfr" '« -*.?S
SS^SSS 8IB Market St. II O'Farrel! St. B€^lSSHlIS^^«li^«? 816 Market St. II OT.rrell St. yr^aS aMS^SSP^S:
CHOOSE THIRD
MAN ON BOAKD
Julius Ho wells Is to Act
With City Engineer F. C.
Turner and A. M. Hunt
For the third member of the board
of engineers to examine into the prop
osition of the Bay Cities Water Com
pany to furnish Oakland with a water
supply, Julius M. Howells of San
Francisco, an engineer of wide expe
rience, was selected this afternoon by
City Engineer F. C. Turner, acting for
the city of Oakland, and A. M. Hunt,
the representative of the Bay Cities
Company. These three will pass upon
the proposition of the practicability
of the plan for the city to buy its own
water works. -
The proposal of the Bay Cities
Companies to sell the city a water
supply of its own embraced a proposi
tion to have a board of three engin
eers pass upon the proposed scheme.
The City Council appointed City En
gineer Turner as its representative.
The Bay Cities chose A. M. Hunt, and
these two together chose the third
member, who was announced this af
ternoon. Many names were consid
ered and many prominent men were
found disqualified because of their
having had business relations at some
time or another with the various wa
ter companies in this neighborhood.
Mr. Howells comes originally from
Bowling Green, Ohio. Here he en
gaged in work on the draining of the
Black Swamp. Later he was assist
ant engineer and engineer of the city
of Richmond, Ind. He afterward took
employment with several different
railroads and in 1883 came to Califor
nia for Professor Agassiz of Harvard
In the study the tertiary history of
the Sierra >?bvadas. He .went back to
Chicago and established. himself as a
hydraulic engineer and was engaged
in the construction of water works at
Mount Vernon; -Y.; Jersey . i City,
Ashtabula, Topeka, Marysville, Win
nipeg, Santa Fe and many other cities.
Besides this he has! experted many
propositions for capitalists and bond
buyers.
But Few Chinese Arrive.
Only - eleven Chinese arrived by
the Gaelic yesterday , from the Ori
ent, an unusually small number. .Oh
her way hither the Gaelic passed the
Coptic bound from San Francisco to
China with 1100 Chinese, including
thft St. Louis Fair contingent and a
batch from Honolulur They.are going
home to spend the Chinese New "Kear.
Dr. J:-E.Gardihor, acting inspector in
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER, 4, 1D01.
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
charge of the Chinese Bureau, says
that the bureau has been afforde'd an
opportunity of clearing up its work,
which has been more or less congest
ed lately.
Pislierman'6 Narrow Escape.
Saro Matteo, a fisherman, narrow
ly escaped death by suffocation yester
day in the cabin of his boat. He had
gone to sleep with the hatch closed
and a charcoal fire burning. He was
unconscious when found and was only
aroused after heroic measures had
been adopted at the Harbor Hospital.
Anglomania is still increasing in
Paris. Formerly one used to hear la
balle, le jeu do paume, la raquette, le
ballon, etc.; to-day everybody says
"nous faisons du sport, du rowing, du
yachting, du football, du tennis, du
golf," etc.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Dangerous
dandruff
There is no denying the
fact, that dandruff is
dangerous — to the life and
vitality of the hair/ It is
the outward manifestation
of an unhealthy condition
of the scalp, and if .
neglected will .surely, result'
in the loss of the hair, the
appearance of "premature
old age and ultimate
baldness. Coke Dandruff
Cure not jonly quickly, / :
removes' every trace of
dandruff from the scalp,
but positively prevents its
recurrence. It - is a
delightfully refreshing
tonic, without a trace of
sulphur or any injurious
ingredients, and when
faithfully used has proved
its ability over and over
again to produce a heavy,;
luxuriant growth' of hair
where all other remedies
and formulas have failed.
Thin, brittle and poor hair,
therefore, need no longer. -
be a source of mortification .
to any one. What Coke
Dandruff Cure has done
for thousands it can and ,
will do for, you. Your .'
druggist will tell you the
same story. Get a bottle
to-day and try it.
CoKe Dandruff
Ask your; druggist;/
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
HALF CENTURY
OF GOOD WORK
Golden Jubilee of First
Baptist Congregation to
Continue for One Week
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Dec. 3.
Elaborate service will mark the
opening of the golden jubilee ot the
First Baptist Church of this city,
which commences. to-morrow and will
continue throughout the coming Week.
The church was organized on. Decem
ber 7, 1854, by an ecclesiastical council
and its first place of worship, at Fifth
and Jefferson streets, was dedicated on
December 17 of the same year.;"lri
1S69 the church was moved to a new
edifice at. Fourteenth and Brush
streets, which was occupied until its
destruction by fire Jn 1902. v
Early in 1903 the present elegant
church at Twenty-first street and Tele
graph avenue was begun and it has
been completed in time for the cele
bration of the fiftieth anniversary, of
the organization. •
. Following is the programme for; the
services to-morrow ..and for the jubilee
week:
11 a., m. — Stainer's cantata, "The
Crucifixion," will be rendered by an
augmented choir, followed. by an ad
dress by the pastor and the com
munion service. . , ,
12:45 p. m-T-Special Sunday-school
services, with, graduation of- a large
class from the Sunday-school. .
6:15 p. m.-fYoung people's rally, led
by Henry W. : Davis, religious work
director of/the San Francisco Young
Men's Christian ■ Association.*.
7:30 p.m.-— Popular platform meet
ing and musical numbers; address by
Frank J. Symmes, president of the* San
Francisco Merchants' Association; ion
'.'The Church arid the High Life of the
Community," and by President '■) Ben
jamin Ide Wheeler on "The Church 'in
Modern \ Society." ",
The programme for. the remainder of
the ' week ; will be '■ as follows : ,"
Monday, 6:30 p. m.— Banquet - : of
Men's League, address : by "•. President
David , Starr 4 Jordan.
Tuesday^ , 7:45 pi m.—Fraternal;'serv
ice. Members of pother; denominations
are' invited: general 'subject:' "Religi
ous Progress During the Past'.': Fifty
years"; speakers,; Rev.; E. E.,Baker," : D.
D., Rev.' Charles' R.' Brown, Rev. F].'R;
Dille, D. V., Kev.,T. A. Boyer.
.Wednusday,:7:45 p. m.— Jubilee pray
er-meeting,' reading of church- history
and reniiniscent'addresses. . Golden ot-;
feririgsVwill' "be ; received "and -total
amount announftd.;:
Thursday. 7:45 p. m.— Denominational
JOE RdSEXBERG'S.
gathering. Sister Baptist churches in
vited." CJenewil subject: "The Con-
Querine Twentieth Century Church."
Addresses by.Hev. H. L. Boardman, D.
D., Rev. Robert Whitaker, Professor
W. H. Allison and Rev. C. M. Hill, D.
D.
Friday, 2 p. m. — Prayer and social
meeting of the older members of the
church, followed by refreshments.
. 7:45 p. m.— Sunday school rally. Gray
Memorial Mission, will be invited.
. Sunday, December 11, .11 a. m. — His
torical address. Rev. C. A. Wooddy, D.
D., Portland, Oregon.
6:15 p. m. — Young people's rally, led
by Rev. Arthur W. Rider.
. 7:30 p. m.— Sermon by Rev. J. ( W.
Brougher of Portland. The choir will
BRASS BEDSTEADS
We have just received a carload of these beautiful
beds, also two carloads of enamel beds made up in the la-
. test Eastern styles .and finished in all the fashionable col-
'ors. One of them will make a very attractive as well as
piece of- furniture in your bedroom. Our prices
. are 20 per cent lower than elsewhere, as we pay no rent
V and give our patrons the benefit. See our display ...windows-.,
this week.
The Oldest arid Most Reliable Furniture House in This City.
THE J. NOONAN FURNITURE CO.
1017-1023 MISSION STREET Above sixth.
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
be assisted by violin, 'cello and harp.
On Sunday, December 11, the musical
selections will be taken from Spohr's
"Last Judgment," and in the evening
the choir will be assisted by Miss Ger
trude Hibtierd, violinist, and Mr. Will
Leimert, cellist. The choir at all tile
Sunday services hasVbeen augmented
to fifty voices and has been preparing
for weeks for thlp occasion. -'
Inverness SUU Ashore.
The British steamer Inverness, from
Tacoma, previously reported ashore at
Mororan. will have to discharge part of
her cargo before she can be floated. The
prospects for getting her off are said to
be good.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
I ADVERTISEMENTS.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
HAMBURG BREMEN
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HAMBURG. IX THE EMPIRE OF GKR-
many. on the 31st day of December. A. D.
1903. and for the year ending on that day. as
made to the Insurance CommlMioner of th»
State of California, pursuant to th- provision*
of Sections 810 and till of the Political Code.
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner, n. : :
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonda owned by Company... $1.(C2. (MA 2.1
fash In Banks 53.4??»U»
Premiums ln due Course of Collec-
tion 123.654 31
Total Assets 03
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $13,145 <O
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 69,055 CO
Losses resisted, including expenses. 17.3UO >M
Grcss premiums on Fire Husks run-
ning one year or \ less. 91.301,-
15S S3: reinsurance 50 per cent. 650.ST9 42
Gross premiums on Fir* Risks run-
ning: more than one year, $1, £><>,-
149 83; reinsurance pro rat*.... 642.305 H>
.... __— . _—
Total Liabilities $ i . "'07. ts j 25
Net cash " actually received for
• Fire premiums $1,607,431 26
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and
from all ether sources 59,570 64
Total Income $1.75«.C01 W
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Lotsea
(Including $78,374 13. losses of
previous years) $S55.313 93
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage ....*.'..:.. 333,710 39
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 131,231 31
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 33,343 01
Ali other payments and expendi-
tures 106.664 55
Total Expenditures ../. $1.1S«5 7B8 53
Fir*.
Losses Incurred during the yer. ..$330.253 92
Risks and Premiums.1 Fire Risks. | Premiums.
Net amount ot Rliksj
written during the
year 1HMM.017 I3.WS.231 39
Net amount of Risks
* expired during the
year 133.732,401 1,134.2319*
•.Net amount In force ■
December 31. 1003- 197,674.633 2.537.303 *i
! ~~~ F. O. AFFELD. U. 8. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. tals
=3d day of MILLS.
Commissioner of Deeds for California in New
York.
RUDOLPH HtROLD Jr.. General Agent.
HARRY. C. BOTD, . Ass't.Gen'l Agent.
415 CALIFORNIA ST.,
San Francisco, Col.
pE WEEKLY CALL
Si per Year.34
FREE! FREE!
HOLIDAY SHOPPERS
To r^kc their
Holiday Purchases Before December JOth>
r^ $25.00 *— . $7.50 F«e
ST$10.00 p««. $3.00 o t*°c£L Free
rCe 00 Purchase • $ 1 W ° rth ° f Fr^
*pu.\j\j *py+*j\j you, own choice -rree
Frcc $2 50 P«ct«* . 75r worfh <* «°^ Free
vili tp^'^yj cu *** />->&♦ your own choice r *ZZ
Frcc SI Of) Pta«*«. 25c worthof Free
u-tth 4>>»ULF fUWffli> Z^JZ* you, own choice -Tree
We want you to see our
Grand Holiday Display of Beautiful
and Newest Creations
EHte Chinaware, Limoges China, French
China, Dinner Sets, Salad Sets, Chocolate
Sets, Rich Cut Glass Ornaments, Vases,
Bric-a-Brac, Lamps, English Porcelain Ware*
Novelties, and Dolls.
Fancy Articles of Every Description. Prettiest.
Daintiest and Newest Things made, Collected
from the Markets of the World.
Top Quality Teas, Coffees, Spices, Extracts,
Baking Powder, Cocoa, Chocolates.
We want you to see our very reasonable prices*
We want you to come just to look.
Take advantage of this very liberal offer.
I CIT HERE CUT HERJp
j CUT OUT THIS COUPON, bring H to any of our store before
! i December 10, 1904, and receive with each purchase as listad n _
above a very handsome present of your own selection. S '
j =, SAN FRANCISCO CALL, Dec 4 , 1904 =
Come just to look. W
Bring this Coupon with you to any of our stores. "
NOT GOOD AFTER DECEMBER 1O, 1804
CUT HERE CUT HERE
Great American loioorting Tea Co.
CITY ETOSES:
861 Market rt. 313 Sutter rt. 705 Larkln rt. 3733 34th St.
140 Sixth st. 2008 Fillmore rt. 146 Slnth rt. 206 Third st.
475 Hairbt rt. 355 Hay ec st. 52 Market rt. 469 Fourth rt.
1819 o eviradero rt. 30O6 Sixteenth rt. 631 Montgomery eve. 366 Third rt.
1419 X>clk rt. . 3285 Mission st. 3516 Mission st.
OAKX^XTD. ALAMEDA ASS BEBXSLSY STORES:
1053 xsrasnt&rton «t. 1510 Seventh st. Berkeley, 3141 Center rt
1185 234 av*. 616 E. 12th st. Alameda, 1355 Fax* St.
STOKES ZN OTES B CITIES ASS TOWJUSt
Fan Jose. 128 S. First bu San Bernardino. 421 Third st. Long Beach. 220 Pin* art,
Eacratrento, 428 K. at. Santa Barbara, 734 State st. Merced. 408 Main irt.
• c a: rarr.fDTo. S04 J et. Ban D1»ko, 922 Fifth ct. NevadaCltr.Ptne BtMas.bldgr.
£anta Cruz. 140 Padflc ar*. EanLalFObUpo.72SHit^ieraat. Badlands, IS K. State at.
Stockton. 442 K. Main at. Tularts. Kern at., near K. Banta Monica, 227 Third at
Gilroy. 13 N. Monterer at. Virginia City. «S 6. C at. Eanta Ana. 209 E. Fourth at.
J>-s Gatos. East Mala et. Ventura. 206 Main at. Vlsalla. 216 Main et.
Esnlyeandro.S&nLorenzoaTe. Crockett. Woodland. 635 Main at.
LorAc^eles. 425S. Broadway. Lincoln. 'Watsonvtll«. 323 Main at.
L<caAnrcles.2S23Pasadena ar. Winters. B**nlcl*. 6 First st.
Salt Lake. 245 Mala st. R?dwood City. Ch!co.Bdwy.,brt.3<; &4tb sts
I'ortlar.d. S31 Washington sL Sutter Creek. CarBonClty.Cara'n et.nr.KJnir.
Portland, 223 First st. >'apa. 5 Main rt. Brlsham City, Main st
Seattle. 90S Second ave. Petalurca, 628 Main St. Modesto. 10th st. bet HAL
Seattle. COK Ptke st fit Hcl«na. Main at OrovlUe. 808 Meyers st
Tkcotna. ttS7 C st. Banta Rosa. 411 Fourth st Ptqto. Academy ave.
Ppokaae. nio Sprarne ara, Vallejo. 339 Georgia st PartcClty.Maln st.Schlelda be.
Opden. 340 Twenty-flfth at HaywardB,Bat.,bet.MalnAlst RedBluff.Maln & Oak sta.
Kak«r«fleld. 1513 l»th at San RaTael. 823 Fourth at Salinas, 254 Main at
Fresno. 1145 J at. Pasadena. 180 E. Colorado «t OregonClty.Maln at.ao.5th.
M«rj-svUl*. 332 D st A«storta, C71 Commercial St. HeMdsburr.
Pumona, 4C2 W. Second st Eurene, 30 E. Ninth st. Plaeervllle.
T.eno. 19 Comn-.ercial row. Eureka, cor. Fifth and F sta, Ocean View.
P.eda'.np. 421 Market st Grass Valley. 68 Mill st Callstcga
Riverside. 931 Mam *t Hanford. 209 N. Irwln st Boaoma.
Our 100 Stores Help Us to Help You.
LXrVXT EARL RICHEST
HEIR IN* ALL ENGLAND
New Babe In Family of Duke of
Westminster to Come Into a
Great Estate.
LONDON, Dec. 3. — After a lapse of
twenty years, the title of Earl of Gros
venon was revived this week by the ar
rival of a little stranger in the Duke of
Westminster's family. The Infant Earl
of Grosvenor is heir to the richest es
ts.le in land held by any one In this
country.
The Westminster estate is not large
in acreage. The Duke of Sutherland's
estate is a hundredfold that of the
Duke of Westminster, but more than a
hundredfold less productive. The ducal
acres in Westminster bring In annually
Increasing Incomes in the finest premi
ums in improved ground rents and so
ou. which can fall little short of $5000
a day. "■■>"■,''<■
All the ground upon which Mayfalr
Kelgravia stands came to the Duke of
Westminster through his ancestor
marrying a farmer's daughter at
Ebury. This farmer was named Davis
ar.d his cows used to graze in what are
noov Grosvenor square and Belgravc
6cu^re, the locality of which became
the ultra fashionable part of London.
i .■■■'.' i .
i Many have said they would • H
£ not give serious consideration to >• J%ji!4.
S nny piano-player which was not (Q&lMp/
equipped with the METRO- £^5S/ j^
I The PIANOLA 2*
£ Is lhe only piano-player possess- e«N *\-_«fef^I~* /
3 ins the METROSTYLE. The HJ& V |M*V
i Metrostyle^ will hereaftcr.be in- ' «fl '■' ' "' w 'a J
* corporated in all Pianolas, and the < — Iff _^J* !S j \
?; Pianola may be purchased at the V^jr-iil SrX" <* f fo\.
? same price as other players. ■•^^§Tefc t9* <a xfv* V.
§ Term payments if desired. \jOss2& J^ !$ %V$> Vv
liCOHLER&CHASE
I COH. POST and KEARHY STS. c^& '
|5 Or.ly Agents San Francisco and |l
M. Vicinity. H
ADVEltXlSKMEXTS.
LEBAUDY'S FLAGSHIP
IS SOLD AT AUCTION
Only Steam Vessel of the Xavy Goes
to Satisfy a Judgment
Against It.
MARSEILLES. Dec. 3.— The flagship
of the fleet belonging to Jacques Le
baudy, the self-called Emperor of Sa
hara, was sold at auction this week.
The acting admiral had some neces
sary repairs made in the only steam
vessel of the Sahara navy In view of
an impending expedition along the Af
rican coast. When the bills became due
the contractors could not obtain pay
ment and 6ued his Majesty before the
courts of Aix, which , gave Judgment
against the "Emperor."
As Lebaudy is absent from French
territory the •'court ordered the steamer
to be sold. A fisherman is now in pos
session.
Fall bats. 1904. Just arrived, nobble*
than ever. Tom Dillon & Co.. opp.Palace.«
LIMA. Ohio. Dec 3. — K.- O. Woods, secre
tary of the Lima. Bom* and Savings Associa
tion, who was found cullty of . embezzlement
of more than . $25,000 , and | who f orebad* his
attorneys to try for a new trial, was sentenced
to-day to five years in the penitentiary.
ADVERTISE3IENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1904.
GREAT ACTIVITY IN
THE MINES.
Annual Convention to Open
In This City Next Monday
Live Topics to Be Discussed
Great expectations are entertained
concerning the proceedings of the
California Miners' Association at the
annual convention that will be opened
to-morrow, at the Hotel St. Fran
cis. The programme has already been
published in The Call. Technical pa
pers will take the attention of the del
egates to some extent, but there are
topics of concern to the entire State
on the list to be considered.
Of leading importance will probably
be the subject treated by E. A. Belcher,
namely, "The Mineral Land Laws of
the United States." At all times the
laws relating to mines are a lively
topic. The matter of next importance
possibly may be gold dredgln*. which
will be treated by I* J. HohL This
has been discussed actively during the
year, as readers of mining news and all
miners are aware. Charles G. Yale,
statistician for the United States Mint
in this city and also for the California
State Mining Bureau, will talk about
mineral statistics. The subject is full
of pith.
Some ground for discussion may be
found in a recent report made by Wag
goner, State Debris Commissioner. A
few of his statements have already
given rise to comment. Waggoner says
that "as the mines have shut down,
the records show that the hiKh water
mark at Marysville has been getting
higher, nearly every succeeding winter
breaking the records of preceding
years. The Yuba is scouring a channel
through the tailings and dumping into
the Feather River, -ind It will not be
many years befc:« that channel will
be filled."
In another place Waggoner says that
"the result of debris legislation has
been that the miners have lost and It
will be only a comparatively few years
when It will be the valley's turn." Some
paragraphs attributed to Waggoner, in
an interview that is going through
the papers in the interior, are as fol
lows:
LOSING THE YUBA RIVER.
Years ago I undertook the debris problem,
with a view to satisfy the decisions of the
courts and so that the mines could be oper
ated and the valley could have full protection,
and soon developed a plan that Is now known
as "Losing the Yuba," by which mines could
operate as long as there was any gravel to
mine. During the last year this plan has
gained a firm foothold among the thinking
people of Marysville and in Butter County, be
cause what la causing all the trouble is the
great dumps on the plains of the mining
streams, the greatest being the Yuba River. In
that the greatest amount of placer gold has
been extracted on its watershed.
The problem resolves itself Into two things —
either the deposit is to be washed into the
navigable rivers or kept out. To keep debris
out means the resumption of hydraulic mining.
Xo better argument is needed than the de
cision of Judge Davis of Sutter County In the
suit against the Polar Star mine — wherein he
held that the permits of the California Debris
Commission are not final, the courts having
a perfect right to determine whether or not a
hydrauUc mine be operated with or without
Injury to the " rivercJAfd that 'the function
of the commission is to permit .only such min
ing as will not. directly or indirectly. Injure
the navigable streams. •" * B -
During my visit to Marysvllle I talked with
several members of the -Tuba and Sutter
County Improvement Association and proposed
that they call a convention of the citizens of
the mountain and valley counties, to be held
in Marysville. say the middle of next month,
and settle all their differences by working out
a plan for their mutual benefit. The" associa
tion has taken the proposition under advise
ment. Alk the farmers and miners have to do
Is to unload their troubles where they be
long — upon the lawyers and engineers of twen
ty-five years ago — and make a united effort to
"lose the Tuba," which will give both sec
tions all they ever really wanted— the valley,
relief and protection; the miners, the privilege*
of operating their mines.
The Amador Ledger says that the
mill at the Fremont mine is running at
full capacity. Preparations are un
der wav to start the Red Mill mine, In
the Aetna district, on a large scale. A
Stockton company has t secured the
property. The Whitmore mine, near
Volcano, Is operating on a small scale.
The ore at the Bunker Hill is reported
to look well. A large outlay will be
made for improvements in the ma
chinery- The dropping of 100 stamps
at the Kennedy mill will make It nec
essary to Increase the working force.
MINES OF SISKIYOU.
Some account of recent operations in
Siskiyou County is given by the Sac
ramento Bee, which says in part:
Siskiyou County mines are snowing up well
this season. At the King Solomon a- force of
men Is engaged in running a crosscut from the
700-foot tunnel to tap the ore that has been en
countered at the bottom of the shaft. It Is In
tended to erect a large milling plant In order
that the mine may be worked on an extensive
scale. The Mount Shasta and Slghtman placer
claims have been bonded . to capitalists from
Portland. Or., and it is reported that they will
install a large modern hydraulic plant, run
ning a ditch about four miles long, and work
the properties on an extensive scale. ' The Sal
mon River Mining Company, having about 600
acres of placer ground, is now running full.
The Gold Dyke Mining Company has finished
the erection of Its building and the machinery
Is now being taken In by pack trains. It con
sists of two three-stamp mills, and It Is
thought everything will be In * readiness for
operation by January.. The Cariboo. Mining
Company has closed down ' for the winter
months, but will start up again In the spring,
and will then erect a milling plant which will
ba run by electricity. Two veins of ore have
been encountered : and the property is very
promising. The mill < at the Wild , ' Irishman
group has been completed and Is running on
ore said to run about $60 per ton.
Progress is reported at . San An
dreas. The Citizen says in part:
If knockers will put up their hammers for a
season and give their Jaws a rest it will not
be. long before' San Andreas will" become &
good mining town and all business will flour
ish and every resident will, profit- directly or
Indirectly thereby. A year ago nothing was
doing In gravel; to-day a half dozen or more
gravel mines are In operation, - some producing
and others . developing and will produce In a
short time. Another company has been formed
and will open -up and operate the O'Connell
property In the channel near the Anderson.
The Stanislaus -Power and Milling Compay Is
putting in a line to Copperopolls, some miles
beyond Knights Ferry, and In Calaveras Coun
ty, to- supply from 800 to 400 horsepower to a
company opening the old copper -mine there
on a large scale. The process of unwaterlng
the mine and preparing it for the operations
planned has extended over a period of three or
four years the, copper precipitated from the
water yielding an Income. that is. said. to have
met the cost of the operations. The water Is
run through boxes, over scrap -tin and: Iron,
which ■ serves to precipitate the copper carried
In the solution; It ' is expected that the . com
pany will employ from 200 to 800 men.' De
velopment work is steadily progressing on the
property of the San Andreas Blue Gravel Com
pany. The mill at the Chris Anderson has been
operating on half time the ■ past 'week.- The
different tracks are being laid and other, neces
sary work above . ground ; Is • being done, and
when completed" the mill' will work- day and
night. D. P. . Gray • has > purchased the Glnoc
chlo mine at Lower Calaveritas. He will goon
begin • development ■ work. Gray has also se
cured the Hagerman mine, near town, and has
a force of men at work there.
SUTTER CREEK WORKINGS.
■ The Sutter Creek Record reports con
cerning mining operations in the vi
cinity- of Sutter: Greek as follows in
substance: .
At the Defender . mine, near Volcano a
three-foot ledge has = been opened up In "the
new shaft.' -The Lone - Star. . in the same dis
trict, la making a good ■ showing. At the Ar
gonaut "mine development .work continues,
while recently - preparations have - been made
for starting . the mill. -.- It .; Is - understood ' that
the mill will start within five or kIx weeks.
About one mile above Oleta." at° American Flat
one Mr. Dietz-is eald to be- making;prepara
tions for the opening up of. a quartz mine for
Son ' Francisco people." Supplies are in transit
to the ; place. Another - body of ; ore has - been
encountered at . the - Bay -■• State ml nr near
Plymouth. On the 1030 levrl - an eight-foot
ledsre of ore has been encountered. On this
level the ledge is opened up SCO feet. The
people of Oleta have been much encouraged
of. late. The opening of the Elliot -mine is
livening: thingrs up. Mr. Thornton has ac
cepted the superintendency of another mine
not, far from the Elliot, which Is being de
veloped by San Francisco capital. Three shifts,
comprising twelve ' men. ' continue at the Bur
lington shaft and progress is good. The
hole Is now 1C0 feet in depth' and much water
has been encountered. A crosscut was run
for forty-one feet at the 100- foot level and at
160 feet In depth a ledge has been struck
which Is six feet In width and shows good
values. At this point a drift Is now being run
and a station cut for the handling of the
water. s. *• ■••
There Is considerable interest In re
cent operations In Placer County
which are summed up by the Placer
Herald as follows:
A. P. Orasser of the Three Stan mine Is
superintending the placing of a lot of new ma
chinery In the Smith Point mine, near the
Znntgraf, preparatory to the reopening of the
mine. - A number of persons, recognizing the
possibilities of the land adjoining the Dairy
Farm mine. In the Lincoln district, have
bonded 1C0 acres of the Haley tract and begun
development work. A company of San Fran
cisco men have secured the Dormody ranch of
200 acres near Green Valley, above Folsom,
and will mine It by dredging process. The
Elite mine at Shady Run struck gravel in an
upraise of thirty-five fe«t last week after run
ning a tunnel of 1800 feet. The owners hare a
larire quantity of ground.*
ACTIVE AT ALLJEGHANY.
The Grass Valley Union reports ac
tlvivlty in the vicinity of 'Alle&hany
and American Hill, about ten miles
above Forest City. It says:
The prospects are that next spring and sum
mer the mining outlook there will be ev«n bet
ter than at present, and more development will
be under way than for many years past. ' At
the Alleghany mine nearly everything is in
readiness for winter, most of the buildings
being completed, while the -winter supplies are
in, and with a couple of weeks more of favor
able weather the company will be prepared to
run until spring uninterruptedly. The tunnel
is in 750 feet, and In a few weeks an upraise
will be made to reach the gravel channel
above, as it is believed that the tunnel la
plenty low enough to be under the bedrock.
W. W. Miller of Berkeley recently purchased
the Johnston gravel claims in the vicinity of
American Hill and will proceed to develop
them. The Buck brothers of Orleans Flat have
a quartz ledge below Snow Point which con
tinues to produce ore. The Plumbago mine
Is running fifteen stamps. The recent striking
of a thirteen-foot ledge at the Oriental mine
has encouraged the owners. At the Tightner
mine rich ore is being taken out.
How to Have Money.
Saving Is the one royal road to wealth
and Industry is Its helpmate. If you ac
quire the habit of saving the money you
throw away each month you will have
at the end of the year a tidy sum bear
ing Interest, and if will be only a short
time when you will have an indepen
dence. You can start with $1 with the
Phoenix Savings, B. and L. Ass'n, 616
California street, receiving 4% per cent
interest, compounded seml-annually. On
term accounts 5 per cent is paid, paya
ble seml-annually. Paid-up capital, $1,
250,000: guarantee fund $200,000. The
directors are A. A. Watkins, Chas. R.
Bishop, Geo. C. Boardman. S. Prentlss
Smith. Gavin McNab, Chas. E. Ladd;
Clarence Grange, managing director.* • £
Love Letter Sets Girl Free.
PARIS. Dec 3. — A Parisian .ro
mance. % where * love arid influence
opened .prison doors, is. disclosed In
the arrest of Jeanne Gost, j a pretty
serving maid accused of .. shoplifting.
Just when affairs seemed blackest for
the girl the police discovered in her
trunk a love letter from the son of a
Cabinet Minister and a prominent
politician,', whose name is known all
over. America, The young man was
quickly informed and paid the shop
proprietor, who abandoned the com
plaint, and the girl was set free.
Do You Want a Trunk
At a moderate price? One that looks
good and Is good, or a traveling set? We
have them In all the best material and
lowest prices. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741
Market street. • ;
Men With Wooden Legs Race.
PARIS, Dec. 3.— Parisians apparently
have novel racing competitions on the
brain. A walking competition was ar
ranged for men with wooden legs. A
great crowd assembled at Carrefour dea
Quatre Chemlns to see the race. The
competitors were lined up along the
curbstone with legs of all sizes, designs
and colors. The course was along the
Rue de Flandre. The progress of the
wooden legged brigade was heroic. The
winner covered the distance In twenty
six minutes and won a silver medal
and $5.
Bi S kit* °I m3b« A be a fashionaWe Fur_iNeck W|
WM Mnm^ \ &, HH f / m % the iabei of H# Liebes wi\
llliii inJr /f^R/1 newest fashions at figures WM
HII! \ V V ti* * Jalflfi s wce k J ust a * cw °* e mi I
HI 1 SIBERIAN SQUIRREL FOUR-IN-HANDS 97.50 iffi
hN|]u SABLE OPOSSUM STOLES, with four tails..'.. .98. 50 il NVM
UN R IVER MINK STOLES, with six tailsr. $0.O0 ilijA
|!|S SABLE FOX STOLES, satin lined, two large tails UVm
1S1H BLACKMARTEN IMPERIAL 'SCARFS, verv beau- ! ,1 k V I
IBwl ' tif ul . .. ....... ........... . . ..'. .' . ...... . . : . . . .$15.00 . llv -
mjffl ISABELLA OPOSSUM STOLES, squirrel lined, as ll/l)
Wm illustrated .$17.50 "M\
ullsjl Every garment bears our label and we guarantee J/[fi
flfffl satisfaction. . ■ WMj-
I H. LIEBES & CO., Inc. ||
nil! e Largest Exclusive Fur House in the World. V\m
JaWl I 33" I 37 P° st Street* San Francisco. \Mfik
THE ,
W5» iSW »J K'- 1 tf El BB pi l\_
R^J Commencing Monday, December Fifth* Entire Stock Will \LJf
Be on Sate Until Christmas at .
S ...Regular Marked Prices... L i
/ Cor.PostsKearht Sts,
KILLS HIMSELF BECAUSE
WOMAN WTLIi NOT WED
Mining Engineer Commits Suicide
After a Vain Search for His
Supposed Rival.
NEW YORK, Dec. 3. — Because a
woman with whom he had lived in a
Lexington-avenue hotel for several
weeks repeatedly refused his requests
that a marriage ceremony be per
formed, Edward I. Gray, a civil en
gineer, shot and killed himself to
day. - The woman; who gave her name
as Lulu Adams, had Just fled *rom his
presence when the fatal shot was
fired. -She has been detained by' the
Coroner \ and will be held until her
story, of the shooting has been inves
tigated.
She "asserts that Gray was insane
ly Jealous of another man and that he
spent all last night looking for his
rival, with the avowed intention of
killing him. He was unsuccessful in
the search and returned to the hotel
this morning.
A card was found in v the pocket of
the dead man bearing the name "Ed
ward L. Gray, mining, civil and elec
trical engineer," and giving addresses
in both New York and London. .
New York's New Postmaster.
WASHINGTON, Dec 3. — Senator
Platt of New York to-day announced
that William R. Willcox would be ap
pointed postmaster at New York.
Willcox was Park Commissioner un
der the Low administration.
Semi-Annual Millinery Sale.
Miss J. E. Connor b«gs to announce to the
ladles of San Francisco that she will offer her
entire stock of imported hats at greatly re
duced rates: $25 hats. $15.- $15 hats. $10; $10
hats $5. Sale beginning Monday, 9 a. m., and
following- days. 138 Geary at. i.*.".v
Dies From Wounds She Received.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 3. — Mrs. Carl
Fox, who was shot last night by H.
Marcoux, a harness-maker, after he
had shot and killed his wife in a jeal
ous rage, died to-day as a result of
her wounds.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
High Playing at Monte Carlo.
MONTE CARLO. Dec. 8.— The prin
cipality Is rapidly nlllng up with the
usual cosmopolitan crowd which
gathers here for the winter. Proof
that the moneyed set has arrived may
be taken from the fact that the Casino
has opened a large trente et quaranta
earning room. Some high playing al
ready has been>seen, the Due de Dino
forcing the bank to send for 200,000
francs ($40,000) on two occasions. J.
Arthur Hinckley has arrived with his
yacht Calanthe. i
Baron's $35,000 Failure.
To-morrow. 10 a. m.. will commence
the great $35,000 credit sale of Baron's
two stores.* The Geary-street stock will
be sold on Market street. Ba on time to
get the bargains. E. J. Hanson, assignee.*
STATEMENTS
OF THE CONDITION AND AFFAIRS OF THE
SPRINGFIELD FIRE and NATIONAL FIRE ,
MARINE INSURANCE COMPANY
INSURANCE COMPANY O™£™°£*™£***£££
QT SPRINGFIELD IN THE BTATE OF %,?,?££% '£. "H^cTSSJL^
v* Massachusetts, on the 81st day of Dec«m- ct Su " T Jz,,-—?** 1109 Commissioner
bsr. A. D. 1803. and for thayear ending; on iLifJL 1 "*, „ California* jmrsuant to tn«
that day. as mads to the Insurance Cbmmis- °* B «e«oni US ud «U «{ tht
elontr of the State of California, pursuant to Political Cbde. condensed as per *>»»-* tar-
the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of tie alshed try the Cbmmtsatoser
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur- r**T»r^.»»* "
nlahed by the Commissioner. ---.- -. *~*jttai* -*-,.
CAPITAL. Axnoont ot Capital Stock, paid o»
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up to Cash _»t ryv*««v* ««
In Cash I.!?...... $2,000,000 00 0>
ASSETS. ~ ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.... 1227.000 00 R««J Estate owned by Company... 1334.833 21
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.... 654,500 00 Loans on Bonds and Ifbrtnma «,.,. zZ
Cash Market Value of all Stocks Casa Market Value at »n s^Til «T.TU 09
and Bonds owned by Company. . . 4,536.144 00 «lrL w iL 8tOck "
Amount of Loans secured by pledge " uTZT *T Company.. <isa.228 M
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar- *~ a ta Company's OfOc* 1 10Q M
ketable securities a» collateral.. 14.873 00 Cash m Banks t*7sTO M
Cash In Company's Office 2.04820 Premiums In du« Coars* of CoUeo. "* - * MIW "^
Cash In Banks W1.5U 08 tlon *««■<»•
Interest due and accrued on all »..»..... < «... wn,T29 04
Stocks and Loans 83,580 87 Total Assets ~.. M . M . » IU , MM
Interest due and accrued on Bonds "*»»» — — «~»~#g.«— .804 W
and MortgaB-es 13,710 63 LIABTTJTTF"* ""' S
Premiums In due Course of Cbllec- *«La«u»rTHE».
tlon 633.24222 Loa.es adjusted and unpaid 1*1 t=* Tf
Rents due and accrued 819 69 Losses In process of Adjustment ***••■"■"
Total Assets I6.40&.43O 69 jJJj^jTf^ 'JZZ t39 » 898 M
tosses resisted. Including expanses. «n »yf M
LIABILITIES. Oroes premiums on Fire Risks run-
Losses adjusted and unpaid 179,923 84 nta * «"s year or less. 12,931.-
Losses In process of Adjustment or 819 57; reinsurance 50 per cent. . X463.Ms> «
In Suspense 124.003 91 Oroes premiums oa Fire Risks ma ••
Losses resisted, including expenses 28.436 43 ning more than on* year 13.2^1
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- ««■,, -„. _. r***m ♦o,^*a»-
• ning one year or lese. *2.338,- »32 73, reinsurance pro Tata 1.683.633 03
08726; reinsurance 50 per cent.. 1.169.043 63 special reserve <# 80.000 00
Gross Premiums on Fire Risks run- '....' ,.* ,
nine mere than one year. $2,413,- Total Liabilities „ $3,621,883 83
274 21 : reinsurance pro rata 1,260.414 40 .
Commissions and Brokerage due ■ iNCOlTE.
and to become due 127.01344 .1:
. v. ,• Net cash actually recelred for
Total Liabilities $2,783,900 63 Fire premiums $3,979,101 45
* INCOME.' ===== Recetred for Interest oa Bonds and
Net cash actually received for Fire Received tn* inV.'^ll^ICV m',H1"',' 29 ' e2 * M
premiums .$3.30Mtt OS „ £LtT r!!!? and « Tl<Ien <S»
Received for Interest on Bond ands J on Bonds, Stocks. Loans aed
Mortgages 27.74153 from an other sources 204.247 M
Received for Interest and dividends - Received for Rents m»->>^7
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and ■**"_ * a " >J a
from all other sources. 177.C6331 Total Income ft «<m -.-. /,",
Received for Rents 3,831 73 " ' •**"""- 47 **
Total income.................. ..$3,416,417 79 , IDCPENDmjREa. — —
— Net amount paid ' for Fire Losses
EXPENDITURES. (Including 1279.723 22. losses of
Net amount paid for Fire Losses previous years) *«> n r, n „-_ , _
(Including J360.426 72. fosses of' Dividends to Stockholders /.H".".'. 5ooS m
previous years).. $1,861.442 40 Paid or allowed for rnm^.« 1-0.000 00
Dividends to Stockholders 200.000 00 I Z T aUow * <1 for ComnUsslon or .
Paid or allowed for Commission or „ **r°iceraffe 753.339 W
Brokerage 606.642 43 P8jd for EaUriss. Fees and other
Paid for Salaries. Fees and ether charges for officers, clerks etc 299 «t 71
Aro e the-r"paym;nt.-and-Vxp;nd.: 123 " 162 °° Al, other payments' and -^ndll l3 ° AM "
tures ._. 304,134 83 Iursa 283,032 X*
Total Expenditures $2.938.792 94 Total Expenditures ...$3,621,739 SO
Lokws Incurred during the year... $1,551.200 84 Losses Incurred during the year. .$2,OO3. r o«2 93
Risks and Premiums.! Fire Risks. Premiums. Risks and Premiums.? Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks! Net amount of Risks!
written during the! written during the]
year.... ....15361.056.862 $4,424,988 76 T«"" $486,612,053 $3,763,952 M
Net amount: of Risks Net amount of Risks
expired during the 1 expired during the
year 316.273.651 3.873.512 69 I .ye* r 493.009.790 5 238 431"!)
Net amount In force Net amount »n force
December 31. 1003.. 415.62S.S44 4.731.36147 December 31. 1003. • 570.4S3.463v 6.23T.772 SO
A. W. DAMON. President. JAMES NICHOLS. President.
" ' W. J.MACKAY. Secretary. c K . v . E K- STILLMAN. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 23th ,,Fk 5° # T*° a 8WOrT1 to before me. this
day of January 1904. ■ Uth dav^? f January. 1904.
PERCY S. GATES. Notary Public FRED B. SEYMOUR. Notary Public
LOUIS L. JANES CO. * «^^. CIT I A £^. c^= . .
HAYWARD BUILDING AHPEL & BRUCKinA?'
CITY (SAH FR AHCISCO) A6EHTS. % 215 Sansome Street.
.PACIFIC . DE PABTMEHT:
. BOOMS 306-310 HAYWASS T7Ha)TJrO
_ SAH PKANCISCO, CAZ..
GEO D.DORNlN.manager
QUO. W. SOBNTN, Asst. Uaaa^tr. Jjro. C. BOSSfZZr, 3d JUlt Maaa^sx.
Subways for Paris Crossings.
PARIS, Dec. 3.— For a long time pe
destrians have taken their lives in their
hands In attempting to get through
the formidable stream of traffic along
the Champs Elysees from the Place de
la Concorde to the Arc de Triomphe.
Almost without interlude throughout
the day some crossings in the avenue
are particularly dangerous. In order to
remedy this a project now is formed to
build a subway at all the most im
portant crossing points.
Bishop Fosa Loses a Daughter.
NEW YORK, Dec. 8. — A dispatch
received hers announces the death of
Mrs. Andrew C Weeks, eldest-daugh
ter of Bishop Foss of the Methodist
church, at Alhambra, Cal.
ADVERTISEMENTS.ADVEKTISKMUXTS. >'
STAKVED TO DEATH.
.Our text to-day is the story of the
Kaiser nrho taught his ass to live on
maw. of which he gave him a smaller
portion every day.
just as the miser had got him so
t:;iiiicd as to eat one straw a day — the
pour ass died. 7; V*; v
Ho is an ass u no starves himself to
dc-^th— as thousands are doing, misled
by foolish teachers — becau.se their
stomachs have become too weak,
thiough neglect or disease, to do the
work which nature has provided for
iheir stomachs to do. . ■ - x
Because the engine iE out of gear,
would jou consign it to the Junk heap?
Why, r.i/'. Mend it! ' ."
Commit slow suicide because your di-
gestive organs leak?
Certainly not! Take Stuart's Dys-
l>ej»sia Tablets.
- One thing is sure as shooting.
You can never get a new stomach.
You must mend it, or it will lead you
a miserable existence. |
The only way to mend it is to take I
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets.
This has been practically and scien-
tifically demonstrated vy the many '
thousands whom Stuart's Dyspepsia
T.ablets have positively cured, after
every other treatment of medicine, mln-
.eral waters, pills and slow, suicidal
starvation had failed.
These methods i-re all unscientific —
therefore false.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are scien-
tific — therefore true, and successful.
Having cured so many thousands —
many of whom doubtless have suffered
more than you do— do we claim too
much when we say that Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets will surely do good to
you? y
Surely not.
especially when we make It plain
that no promise is made to cure more
than one disease — Dyspepsia.
Stuarts Dyspepsia Tablets are a
positive cure for Just this one disease.
They are a scientific combination of
ingredients which search out the weak
ppots in all the digestive organs and
them make strong and well.
They have an immediate digestive ac-
tion on undigested food, and thus,
v.hile curing we " organs, they at the
same time help them to do their work.
They thus stand for all that is good
in the medical \ atment of Dyspepsia,
and for nothing that is bad.
They are not a fad but a iacL
They re safe, pleasant, certain and
permanent, and can be taken by the
most delicate invalids without fear of
harmful resuHs.
parry's Randies
1304 Market, St,.
CHOCOLATES \\ r Ik
and BON BONS f~~ *r
3 lbs for $ I
( Reduced from 50c. )
NUT TAFFY O IK
and CARAMELS C lD
(Reduced from 35c)
ICECREAM and tfl C/\
WATER ICES.. P c j;f^
NOTE. — The purity and excellent
quality of
..PARRY'S CANDIES..
Will elways be maintained.
Try Our Icecream Chocolates.
STATEMENT
or the
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
FRANKLIN FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
f\T Philadelphia, In tie State of Penosrl-
,X,, **=**• oa the 31et day of December. A. D.
3S0.3. and jor the year ending ca that day aa
made to the Insurance Ocmxnissionw of th« i
I- -*le of California, pursuant :« U* previsions
cf tactions 610 and Cll of the Political Code.
condensed as per blaiJc furnished by the Com-
mlsiicner.
CAPITAL.
Azrount of Capital Stock, paid up •
ta ca * 1 » $400.000 00
ASSETS. =====
Real Esta> owned by Company..! 234.200 00
I -'.an? en Boc«la and Mort^agei.. 90,S8S 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocki
and Bonds owned by Company.. 2.5S2.213 00
Amount of Loam secured by
pledge of Bonds, Stocks and
«ther tn&rketable securities as
collateral 20 000O0'
Ca«h tn Company 1 ! o«lc« V741 a. I
Ca*h in banks 76'ela W
Interest du* and accrued on Bond*
and Mortgages 1 *g« 4 «
Pretcijsn in due Course of Collec- '
Uon 123,457 10
Total Asaet* ..$3.I41.S94 4*
LIABILITIES. =S
Lowe adjusted and unpaid $ 21008 73
Losses in process of adjustment or
in suspense 42 518 85
Losses resisted, including expenses 1 Mft oo
Gross premiums on Fire Risk* run-
nia« one year or less. $S27.2S7 14;
reinsurance 50 per cent 263 64S 67
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning acre than one year. $757.-
241 21: reinsurance pro rata 387 87 S 91
Amount reclaimable by the Insured
on Perpetual Fire Insurance Poll-
_ ele « -• ■- •■••-- 84».«60 4«
Commissions and Brokerage due
and to become due 29,834 3J
Total Liabilities tl.CA0.5CS $*
rXCOME.
N*t cash actually received for Fir*
premiums $713,871 63
Received for Interest on Bonds
and Mortgages 5,831 10
Iiecei\vd for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and
from all other source* ns.086 <»
Received for Rcnta 6,133 04
Total Income .($39,078 Ofl
EXPnvnrrrKEs. =
N't amount paid for Fire Losses
Cactedias i-'..*.«7s 17. losses of
previous yeare) $350 555 qq
Dividends to stockholders SO'oOO 00
Paid or allowed fcr Commission or
BrokTapo 171 522 79
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
r-harjres for officers, clerks, etc.. js 6S5 60
1*8 id for Slate. National and Local
Taxes 21 649 73
All other payments and expendi-
tures M.C24 43
Total Expenditures .$755,937 47
Lorn** incurred durinjr the year $354,068 32
Ritk» and Premiums, j Fire Risks. | Premiums.
Net amount of risk* — — — _
written durlne the
year .......... $ CT.97I.592 $ 811.270 03
Net amount or risks w
expired during the
ye«r • e3.112.457 804.549 63
N*t atnour.t ln force ' "^.w»« <*»
December 31. 1903.. lC5.f. r ,1.25S 1.224.»63 39
Subscribed and sworn to before me this
I3th day of January. 1904 ""• lal *
SAM H. KIRKPATRICK,
Notary Public.
Pacific Coast Department, 213 Sansome St.
Telephone James 7S41.
GEORSE F. GRANT, Manager.
A. H. TRATHEN, Assistant Manager.
City Oepariaenf, 20-Montgonerj St.
6. H. UMBSEN & CO., Resident /gents.
Tj.tar.hac* Private . Exchinr* 80ft.
AUTHOR OF NASAL HEMORRHAGE
MAY NEVER BE PUNISHED.
Who Smote Little Lena Daly's Nose?
POLICE JUDGE FRITZ ADMITS INABILITY
BY JA3IES C. CRAWFORD.
After patiently absorbing several
contradictory narratives anent the
smiting: and resultant bleeding of little
Lena Daly's nose, Police Judge -Fritz
virtually admitted his inability Justly
to decide the case in which Mrs. May
D. England, a statuesque matron, was
accused of effecting the nasal hemor-
rhage. Both little Lena and her
mother averred positively that Mrs.
England did It, but that lady, with
equal positiveness, denied the charge,
and supplemented the denial with an
insinuation that her young daughter
might have tapped Lena's claret while
the two children were engaged ln ac
tive fistic combat.
"Humph!" sniffed Mrs. Daly, a rath
er strut lady. 'It's a wonder she don't
swear that my I«na hit her own nose."
Ignoring the caustic interruption,
Mrs. England informed the court that
she would no more think of slapping
Lena Daly's face than she would seri
ously consider a proposal to slay out
right her own daughter. Not that she
•.vas particularly infatuated with the
Daly child, whose tricks and manners
she had often warned her own girl
against emulating, inasmuch as they
were reflective of defective training,
but she had affection for all children,
and was firmly and unalterably op
posed to corporal punishment as a cor
rective measure. When her child and
the Daly child were at play and quar
reled, she merely separated them and
instructed her offspring to avoid fur
ther communication with any one
named Daly. She did not see the crim
son stream alleged by the prosecution
to have been drawn by her from Miss
Daly's nose, and if any such stream
hud ever flowed, she did not start it.
At this juncture a man arose from
amid the spectators in court and hold
ins: aloft r. rjfiy small and apparently
much frightened little girl, said in a
ringing tone: "If any blood was drawn
this is the one that drew it." He was
Mrs. England's husband.
Mrs. Daly would like to know why
she ran with her daughter to a doc
tor's office Just as fast as her limbs
I r : Jl /^ il'dlldfe-ijifr' Here ls a message of joy that will brine glad-
l " E-5 i^\V'^/( i^vV»¥l|lj7/, ness t0 hundreds of henrts — that will pive hap-
l l-W K''Jfffiffiifvi\il,-'iUl'/fl Piness to those who now suffer from that griev-
I -\. P//////////i!n'jL%k'(l( our affliction — Deafness. It ia more than a mes-
% * VS. V j! 7/i/'''7'*vf'"^w' sskc of hope — it is the positive statement of a
1 = KA YaffltStaSNsS&W definite fact. A safe and reliable cure for Deaf-
\ ?■ t ?"^af/fURSl 3/^ 3 ness has been found -that ia the best yet known
\'- « %^%w^H^ "^ tor tnls cruel misfortune. The world moves on
V "• 1 ; "' in many ways — in knowledge, In Invention, ln
■ » ', \ ' wealth, in goodness — but greatest of all in new
» '« \ "*2^*^fesSZa- methods for curing what were considered incura-
m \ *^ " ble diseases. Day and night the most learned
\ ,' .\ *» fe?^ alld skillml physicians are studying the causes
■ if 'ii\ > BtBr i «nd cures or the various ailments that affect i
»A.»*vV% ' \F^ it, the body and sadden the, heart of man. At last
vWvvC V ' i i a scholar, more painstaking or more learned
WiVAvN. !<i .'//# than the rest, finds the cure tliat means salva-
"Jl' l m tions for countless sufferers.
"i/j Jill The causes and cure of Deafness have for
TiSSS^m^Zs/y/J years been daily studied by Dr. Sproule. the emi-
/:V; >SSS5&s£S<!2^ nent English specialist. His heart has often
' ached over the unfortunate lot of the victims
of this trouble. The thought of all they were
deprived of. shut off from the world of s°und, affected him profoundly. He felt
that bis life-work would not be complete unless he could prove to be true what
he has always claimed — that the greater part of the so-called incurable cases I
of Deafn*»s are really curable. With his new method he has proved it, as his
grateful patients testify. In the fullness of his sympathy, he offers to all per-
sons afflicted with Deafness Do your tart itch T r
CDCC CONSULTATION ''-ZZZSZ,
TuLLjiND ADV/CE SSKKSKSw.
a j n<n faf *•** *•*• ***** *"*/?
wllf SktaS y^ur ££ &?$ chlrg^ f »" «"•* S^ueath-r
and pi\'e you. his opinion and counsel on Do you have pain tn&etartf
It. He will give you valuable informa-' Do you hare noise* im y**r enrrt
tion in regard to Its cure— and he will Do you Hear better in a nrtry ptace r "£>■
■ do it with sincerity and friendliness, . . * f . Jr . w>
simply because he believes it is a phy- thd your deafneu come on gradua^yT
sician's d,uty to ."lend a helping hand" Do yov Kate a discharge from either tar r
wherever he can. Don't neglect your U your deaf m»* uorte when you have a cofd f
sS^^m^rVdeirbea^gJafef 8^'tSftJl Ca » *• *««" -«- «*-* ™» «« othertt
mony" to "what Dr. Sproule has done for Do your rar$ crack vhen you blow your note r
them. They took advantage of his gen- Answer the above questions, yes or
erous-offer. Now they hear. You.can no, and write your name and address
also if you will. Write to him at once, plainly on the dotted lines. Cut out and
DeaXness^S ■eci r ti Xle ' ' G* **'
NAME ...... URte ln Medicine and " Sur-
■■-■,' Ireland, formerly. Surgeon :
j4nnf?FVs ■ British'- Royal Naval . N Mail-
lngr, ■ Boston.' He . will give'
,. you valuable advice frc.a. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNpAY. DECEMBER 4, 1904.
could convey her there. If her child's
nose had not been bleeding, and bleed
ing most copiously, would she have
gone to Buch physical exertion and pe
cuniary expense? She had lived at 97
Casselli avenue Ion's enough to acquire
a neighborhood reputation as to char
acter, and she was willing to have that
reputation ventilated in court. What
her neighbors thought about >ome other
folk residing in that quarter; — she
would mention no names — might also
be ascertained by the Judge.
The Judge did not appear to be
yearning to learn how Mrs. Daly and
Mrs. England Etood comparatively tn
the esteem of their mutual acquaint
ances, for his continuance of the case
was equivalent to its dismissal.
Ah Hlm's hallucination that he
owned Portsmouth square was consid
ered Innocuous until he suddenly con
ceived an idea that the Robert Louis
Stevenson monument was a public
eyesore and Insisted that It be re
moved. Then the genuine guardians
of the park ceased pampering his de
lusion and placed him in prison. They
feared that he might become a van
dal.
The aged Celestial's long and scrnff
gy chin appendage wagged furiousiy
as he protested in Judge Mogan's
court against the forced indignity of
his position. His language was pidgen
with frequent lapses into the pure ver
nacular of his race. Was it not shame
ful, he asked, %o reward his generous
treatment of the community by ar
resting and confining him? Had he
not permitted his property to be used
as a public playground when he might
have derived great pecuniary income
from its occupancy by buildings de
voted to mercantile purposes? Hardly
a day passed, as the honorable court
very well knew, without his having
received at least one offer of much
money for a portion or the whole of
his realty. Of the sincerity of these
proposals there was no question. Only
an hour prior to his incarceration he
had refused $9,000,000 offered by a
Caucasian gentleman, who wore blue
overalls and smoked a pipe as he sat
upon a bench and critically surveyed
the desirable property and declared
his willingness Immediately to write a
ADVEIITISEMJZXTS.
I //iliii^Y The Store that is ri^ht in its merchandise— in its prices— in fulfilling its /^^P^v
j'iikV fS P 1 * 0111 * 565 "^ 6 store that» s»ves no aftermath of disappointment* :::::: ([ #/$&
v "jl|
' 11^ PARLOa TABLE, PBENCH "WB1TIKQ TABLE, $6.00. --l\ "~ »^>..^ll
SHAVING' STAND «j qq Rifl '»(> "***
Qu5S?i^,«*" Quarter'sawed B old- That i. the design i, bor- Poll-bed .mahogunlxed * MOK«S BOCXX*. CKXVA^ MXHBOH.
or mahoganHed en oak, 20-lnch top, rowed from the French, but birch, golden quarter- g 1Ifl oak All for vanity? All
b a' 'Srt'teta* that e& } l Y. 11^ 1^ 8 - the table is made In American sawed oak and weather- spring seat and spring right, you know that
_,„ -iwava need r ut . U ?v. chief beauty workshops. of good American ed oak— we'll suit you back. The back is curved you wouldn't care a
nice girl Js going to carved — looks like cabinet work. maker has already , It's a pleasure to be tie vanity— and she
make them a Christ- a six-dollar table— Christmas tnree weeks to- suited you ln design. tired with a rocker like wouldn't deserve It
mas present. «md equally strong. day! this ln the house. . Christmas Is coming.
f&l^^^ySfc CARPET BTXGS. V3U "^^ //^^^\
1 kffi^, —^p=S7" — V***—. v v; ; ' ' Made from the odd lengths of Carpet from the cutting-room. None are TJ lIffl??V \
I -_ *3-^t'-.i'g-'^i > M sSS less tnan a yard ln len Sth. none are worth less than 90c a yard. Ends fit J/ t£f\. S
: V«j'*^ r3 — ZJ"'^ 5^ \ I TTTTfr b 01111^ 1 ready for use. Each 50c Y37 \f ' ff/A
\ tf|~ ,'L. • Ml III// SNAPS VX DBAPEBXXS. JZ, °/leTE . U) KffJ A
j V$TO~T*Y^' in Z?V \\ \WJI OOTTCH COVEBS. 81.50- dti\ Stand Lamp. »i Vv ////
;jyj JU»- •'■■" ■<! I iff// «0 Inches wide, that will cover a — shade. Welsbach «fi\ N^-W^
3 wa E ~-— -L_L-^~ =^VRH [i|b "two-quarter" mattress couch. Per- § mantel and nix "—51
/ I eian stripes, fringed. V feet of connecting ife?r5:;^. -ff ' " ' 1^ 13»^_
|_k • [ fSJ j t\ 82.oo a^SaT^' k china djctweb jfe^3Zg£s^fa pfe-jj.^. * JT^T
\l!^}l2UlJL^=Js IlW Not like'" the Xottinghams. but the A^t'loV'l^per- ®^ fNl^^T'l?^? J
! I r — -" ""■ if^nLJ\ l\ V\ square meeh, tied -firmly at each -*-*~*5 sons. 93 pieces. iilil' „ ' . "■ '^
I I /At?TTr^^5a\ Junction of the mesh. A Curtain that Dainty French . $-w; fj» Ji -* , '1 3
T / —^-^ _*~ T // \r-4J l[ Jj will wear forever. White or. ecru. China, beautifully _*, &S<3 1^=5- 1- 1
■v^T ■ - -• - v t^ y *r Pretty patterns. decorated. /^>v DCDUC'TM l£}*-f» » '— t^A
TV I »v i TABIB OOTEB8. LAMP AHD f&F^J I CUCO I AL| RVi iKLLL^J^vJ 3
Parlor Desk Desk $5.00 oobeiins, this week 53.00 °r££ B £:J?£*,&& <& "J «-> «.~ ■ 1—^.'
fflQ *cr /m^. 52.25 Tapestry, this week....... $1.85 M^« pre "/ de t C K: ?Q Qfl "^B V
$18.75. Chair, $S.6O Mercerized, this week 92.50 rations o^ the 00.3U PBCTCESS
A beautv nol- $3 60 24-IKCH SOPA PHJC.0WS. S1.50- \ gecoratlons on the „„ , r DaESSEB, S16.S0-
< £a n^Jj.JEZ tW Covered in serviceable tapestries, body of the Lamp. . Made of Mad. o« the choicest
mf^FB tt .-°>-«--> ■ I :3iS.«g" " 1 qUff U~awed
ror. Wide draw- and mahogany . . , volden Oak, n»" Snew of
ers, small drawers, ized birch. Per*" We'd be glad to have you open an account with us. You can arrange ,. , r. . t_ tern that piea»«a. Two
. a world o' pigeon feet in design for payments to suit your convenience. polish tinish. drawers deep, and then
holes, rich carving, ana flnlsh. I the tmmeiiw mtrror.
check for the full amount. Further
more, what was to -become of the
square if Its owner's supervisorial eye
were removed from the men employed
in preserving its beauty? Would they
devote the same attention to that
marked their labor when- they knew
he was nigh ? If the court could ' as
sure him that his absence would not
result ln Impairing either the mone
tary or pictorial value of the park he
might accept a temporary retirement
without objection, as he really needed
rest.
The Judge gave the assurance and
fixed the term ' of vacation at three
When the tenderness of Robert
Smith's attachment to Mrs. Vera Franz,
at whose house on the 200 block of Post
street he resided, began to wane and he
showed unmistakable symptoms' of de-
Eiring? to break away, the lady seized
his trunk, with intent to prevent his
removal to another dwelling place.
Knowing the receptacle held all his
clothing he did not then wear, she im
agined he would hesitate to place him
self beyond immediate opportunity to
change his outer garments, as he was a
young man of pronounced sartorial fas
tidiousness. To her surprise, however,
the intimidatory measure had no re
straining effect . whatever. It .was
spurned by him Just as he had spurned
her less drastic endeavors to rekindle
his love. Instead of either grieving or
sulking, he went forth ln his everyday
garb and instituted search warrant pro
ceedings for the recovery of his prop
erty. Then she, with adoration trans
formed ■ into . the fury of a woman
scorned, . filed a cross-complaint charg
ing him with disturbing the peace of
her domicile by hurling scathing words
at her when he discovered she had
commandeered his trunk. Judge Ca
baniss sustained Mr. Smith's side of the
search warrant contention and contin
ued the peace disturbance case.
Albert Hall committed the blunder of
his career when he had Charles P.
Newman,, an insurance agent, arrested
on the charge of battering him last
Sunday evening on a San Bruno street
car, for Judge Mogan after hearing the
testimony acquitted Mr. Newman and
ordered his accuser Into custody on the
charge of disturbing the peace. C ■
It was shown that Hall provoked the
assault. by addressing Insulting remarks
to Newman and a young woman, Miss
Emma Bcbultz, whom he was escorting
to her home. "Hello, Cap," Hall Is al
leged tp have said in voice so loud that
all the passengers heard "you're pretty
nicely fixed there, ain't you?" nodding
toward Miss Schultz. It was the ac
companying leer as much as the /words
that prompted Mr. Newman to strike
Hall and kick him off the car.
: "You did' exactly- right," said the
Judge to the .defendant, "and if you
had clubbed his, head off you .would
have ''. done so much the better. How
ever,^ this* court -will , try to complete
•the purflshment you began. This fellow
Hall is -evidently . a ; thorough" hoodlum,
: w ha considers it funny to insult decent
AX>VEKTiSii3IENT.&
men and women, depending upon his
fighting ability to scare them Into sub
mission. When he comes before me
next Monday I will sentence him to a
long term of imprisonment."
When the Chinatown : police squad
dashed abruptly and without prior
warning to 40 Ross alley the night of
November 22 they were both surprised
and chagrined to find a prayer meet-
Ing ln progress, Instead of the gam-
HISS DOROTHY CL ABE, •»<> O»rfl«ld BooleTard, Chlcmgo, Dl^\ MISS LCCT KAT,
. S18O Onniluw St.. Ag* 4 Yaan. eo36 For0 .,fr,lll» Am
CHICAGO. CHICAGO.''"""'^
LITTLE FRANGES MARIE KN0WLT0N
♦Those photograph appears herewith has a most beautiful head of golden hair, thicker than the crown of glorf Of most
mature women. Frances is only four yean old, and her hair hangs within 12 inches of the floor. The extraordinary hair
strengthening qualities of Dandorlna has grown for this little girl the most admirable he. 1 of hair ever possessed by
a child of her age in the world. The other two ladles whoae photographs are shown here are certainly delizhted with tha
results they are getting. Neither of them haring hair that would reach to their waists before beginning th» use of Dand«rin«.
IT MS POSITIVE AND PERMANENT. IN ITS RESULTS.
(Then applied/to the scalp on either old or young, it makes the hair sprout and grow thick, long and beautiful, and there
. Is no waiting around for weeks and months to Bee results, either. Any druggist will refund the price if it does not aoj
.^omplish every result we claim. NOW at all druggists in three sizes, 25 cents, 50 cents and $1.00 per bottle.
CD ET E? To show how quickly Danderln* acts we will send a Urge ftamtfa free by retdra mall to &ny one who tend* this adrsrUMSMBt »• ~flM
T O SaKa Kuwltoa D»mdcrtn» Go. Cblcax», with thalr aajna and aadrasa aad 10 eeau tn illTer or s tamp* to par pottasa.
gSara^ wholesale Agents.
bllng they had been led to expect to
find. Two Chinese and two Japs were
on bent knees and with bowed heads
devoutly listened to a stirring exhor
tation from Ah Fong, whose topic
was J the evils of fantan and other
snares for the unwary Asiatic ln this
land of . the foreign demon. With
great irreverence the invaders stopped
the devotions and arrested the wor
shipers and booked them for gam
ing, but as nothing more reprehensible
than transparent hypocrisy, which Is
ADVERTISEMENTS.
not prohibited by temporal statute,
could be proved before Judge Mogan
the cases were dismissed.
.-'■■ •?;•.•
Judge Fritz gave Joseph Cooney
fifty days for fast driving on Market
street, near Montgomery. Patrolman
Gallaway was on duty at a crowded
crossing when a team driven by Coo
ney approached at breakneck sp^ed
and ere the officer could get out of its
way his coat was punctured and torn
by one of the wagon shafts.
3536
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
RIOTERS PUT
ON PROBATION
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call.
214S Center Street, Dec 3.
Instead of expulsion from the Uni
versity of California for participation
in the campus riot which followed Cap
tain Nance's order to his class a month
ago, the fourteen seniors whose cases
were reported on by Nance a week ago
Are to be placed on probation with the
forty-eight men who were put on pro
bation by President Whealer a fortnight
-ago.
It developed to-day that President
Wheeler, who has steadily refused to
discuss the cases of these fourteen se
niors, wrote to their parents a week
ago. Informing the "folks at home" that
the son at college had participated in a
reprehensible riot and that Captain
Nance had found his explanation un
satisfactory- It was expected that each
man then would receive a letter from
home advising the alleged offender to
=\va!k softly and escape the official ax,
if possible, by keeping close to the
straight and narrow path of obedience
to constituted authority. This solution
of the difficulty has apparently been
■successful, for the orders of Captain
Nance have now become as law and
gospel to the seniors, who march as
they are bidden, quietly and with none
tit the demonstrations that were wont
to accompany their movements.
. Thus far W. T. Hale, former editor of
the Daily Calif ornian, who was given
a banquet by his classmates in Oakland
to-night, is the only man to receive
actual punishment for his connection
with the military riot. He was sus
pended for a year. There are sixty-two
ir.eri row on probation, this constitut
ing the only punishment meted out to
the men, who were, expected to suffer
severely for defying Captain Nance's
authority. It is the prevalent belief in
fhe senior class that Editor Hale was
made a vicarious sacrifice for his fel
hiws and that the object lesson thus
provided was deemed sufficient by the
.tznlveralty authorities to create a spirit
f f respect for the military commander's
orders.
Gustav White, president of the col
lege Y. M. C. A., Is still on the anxious
seat, however, as his case alone re
mains to be passed on by Nance and
Wheeler. He has filed affidavits to
Fhow that he had no connection with
the riot, but still he remains In sus
pense. His name was not reported un
til several days after the riot, and this
partly accounts for the delay in his
case.
ARTIFICIAL LEGS PLEASE
LAD WHO LOST HIS LIMBS
John McXeill Thankful to Friends
Who Subscribed Money to Assist
the Cripple.
" OAKLAND, Dec 3. — Proud of being
able to walk once more, even if only
with artificial legs, John McNeill, the
unfortunate lad who had his limbs
cut off by a train several months ago
■ajid for whom many people subscribed
money, came into town to-day from
the County Infirmary.
McNeill is a lad 14 years of age and
made his way unassisted, except by
two canes, to the District Attorney's
office in the top of the courthouse,
where Miss Richardson, the young
■woman who started the subscription
•for him. is employed. Then he dis
carded the sticks and walked without
them. When he becomes more skilled
he expects to be able to do without
canes altogether.
Inspect our new brick warehouse, ready to re
ctiv* household good* exclusive^- Nov. 1. Only
brick wtrchoBse :n city. 15. kir.s Van & Storage
Co.. I01C Broadway. Oakland. Tel. Main 5)07. •
Wins Boimheim Prize.
OAKLAND, Dec. 3. — The Bonn
-heim discussion, one of the annual
contests of the University of Cali
fornia, was held to-nieht in Stiles
Hall. The winner was W. J. Mus
. grove of the class of 1905. By his
victory Musgrove wins a prize of $150.
Five contestants participated in the
discussion, these being chosen from
• among a number of students who sub
mitted original dissertations. Each
of the students qualifying received a
prize of $20. Those who qualified
were W. J. Musgrove, H. A. Stout,
Ed'.vard Blackman. F. P. Griffiths and
C A. Andrew. The subject of the
' .discussion was "The Ethics of the
Open Shop." The judges were Pro
fessor George R. Howison (chairman),
PYofessor T. R. Bacon, Professor W.
C. Jones, Professor C. M. Bakewell,
' and Professor C. B. Bradley, repre
senting the faculty; James K. Moffltt
and A. C. Eels, representing j the
alumni, and Warring Wilkinson and
Colonel H. Weinstock. representing
the public.
MASSACHUSETTS GOVERNOR
{ | HONORS GENERAL MILES
Newly Elected Executive 3Iakes Noted
Army Officer Member of
His Staff.
BROCKTON. Mass.. Dec. 3.—Lieuten
ant General Nelson A. Miles has ac
cepted an appointment as adjutant
general on the staff of Governor-elect
William T. Douglas.
Orders for Navy Officers.
- WASHINGTON, Dec. 3.— The follow
ing orders for naval officers were Is
sued to-day: Commander S. Potts is
detached from the Bureau of steam
Engineering. Washington, D. C, De
cember 26, 1S04, and order to Seattle,
Wash., January 2, 19Q5, for duty as
Inspector of Machinery of Vessels
building for the navy by Moran Bros.
Company; Commander U. C. Gearing;
is given additional duty as equipment
officer at the Navy yard. Mare Island,
December 12; Lieutenant Commander
G. K. Burd is. detached from duty as
Inspector of Machinery at the works of
Moran Bros. Company at Seattle,
Wash., and will continue other duties.
• In the whole Russian empire there
are only 21,827 physicians; 737 of them
are women. The war has made medi
cal service more difficult to obtain
than ever.
In borinig the Simplon tunnel, now
almost completed, 1,530,000 dynamite
blasts have been made. Dynamite to
the amount of 165,900 pounds was used.
CLAREMONT COUNTRY CLUB
OPENS ITS DOORS
House and Grounds Are Thronged by Fashionables
ISCEXES AT THE OPENING YESTERDAY OF THE CLAREMONT COUNTRY CLUB'S SPACIOUS AND ARTISTIC NEW HOME
IX r: ". M.IDST OF ROCKBRIDOE PARK. IN ALAMEDA COUNTY. THE OPENING WAS A GALA AFFAIR AND WAS
LAK. .LY ATTENDED BY MANY NOTABLE PEOPLE. ,
GALLANT KENTUCKIANS
■♦i ELECT WOMAX TO OFFICE
Their Votes Make Mrs. Lucy Cole
Assessor of the County
of Owsley.
FRANKFORT, Ky., Dec. 3. — Among
the returns from the recent election
which have come into the department
of the Secretary of State here there
was one showing that a woman, Mrs.
Lucy Cole, had been elected to the of
fice of County Assessor of the county
of Owsley. She defeated Frank Mc-
Cullom by a majority of fifty-two votes
and is probably the first woman to be
elected to the office of Assessor. It is
extremely doubtful whether Mrs. Cole
can under the constitution perform the
duties of the office to which she has
been elected, but it is just as improb
able that the question of her eligibility
will ever be raised.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
President Commissions Several New
Postmasters in California and
.Makes Other Appointments.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 3.— The follow
ing postmasters were appointed to-day:
California— James H. Walker, Acton,
Los Angeles County; Morris Kind, Ce
ment, Solano County; Helen A. Bouqul,
San Pablo. Contra Costa County, and
Edgerton B. Walbridge, Tuscan, Te
hama County. ,
S." D. Plummer of Santa Rosa has
been appointed watchman in the immi
gration service at San Francisco.
W. A. Newscome of California was
appointed to-day to a $900 clerkship in
the State Department.
INAUGURATION OF ADAMS
MEANS EXD OF STRIKE
Western Federation of Miners Ready
to Call It Off When New Gov
ernor Takes Office.
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo.. Dec. 3.—
It is announced on the authority of un
ion men that the strike in this district,
which was begun eighteen months ago,
will be declared off . by the Western
Federation of Miners within one week
after Governor-elect Alva Adams is in
augurated. Should Governor Peabody
be given another term, it is said, the
strike will not be called off, although
leading federationists here admit the
fight has been lost.
Football Game To-Day.
The Cardinal B eleven . will* play < a
return match with the La Union kick
ers at the Presidio grounds this after
noon at 2 o'clock. The former team
leads the league at present and a
spirited contest Is expected. The fol
lowing players will take part: Car
dinal S— Anderson, Bartel, Coffey,
Higgs, -fclcCullough, Hostetter, Lang,
Grief, Norton, Dinnienl, Simms. : Rick,
Ledger, La Valler. La Union—O'Con
nor, Mann, Moullen, Mager,' Thomp
son, Long, Mackenzie, .Weir, Boor
man, . Clarkson, Browning, Adams,
Merritt, Martin.
Some young men are stage struck
and some others are only soubrette
struck
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1904.
OAKLAND, Dec. 3.— Burllngame in
all Its glory never presented a more
brilliant spectacle than that seen to
day at the opening of the new Clare
mont Country Club. Everything was
auspicious and the phenomenal csecu
auspicious and the pronounced success
of the club's initial event promises
much for its future growth and well
being.
The club-house, a picturesque, vine
clad building, is ideally situated in the
midst of "Rockridge Park." Hedges,
covered with roses whose perfume filled
the air to-day, inclose the well-kept
lawns and flower gardens, the tennis
courts, croquet grounds and bowling
green. Splendid golf links extend over
a goodly portion of the grounds, and
there is also a fine shooting range. The
Fifth Regiment band was on the lawn
in front of the club-house, and its stir
ring music added to the gayety of an
event hitherto unrivaled In Oakland.
Representatives of the Burlingame set
and notables from San Francisco min
gled in the kaleidoscopic throng that
filled the richly furnished club-rooms
and overflowed into the gardens, where
lutomobiles, smart turnouts and eques
trians added their quota to the general
animation. v. ~:
As for the interior of the club-house,
there was nothing but praise . for its
spacious apartments, Its artistic fur
nishing and the air of comfort and lux
ury that, everywhere prevailed. To-day,
of course, the rooms wore a gala ap
pearance, a , delightfully harmonious
arrangement of chrysanthemums and
roses adorning every possible nook and
corner. On the wide veranda a deli
cious luncheon was served, and in the
hallway the thirsty guests found a
seemingly inexhaustible punch.
To many the beautiful club-house
and its romantic surroundings, shad
owed on One side by Berkeley's misty
hills and overlooking on the other a
panoramic view of Oakland and the
bay, was a revelation, for few have re
alized that at the city's very door was
a spot destined to rival famed country
clubs across ,the bay.
Several interesting tournaments oc
cupied the attention of lovers of out
door sport this afternoon. Frank
Kales won the club cup In the golf con
test. On the bowling green the Oak
land Scotch Bowling Club defeated. the
San Francisco Scotch Bowling Club by
two points. In the tennis contest Sam
Hardy and Dr. Hill were defeated' by
Dr. Sumner Hardy and Percy Murdock,
their score being 6-4^ 2-6, 7-5, 3-8 and
fi-6.
The guests , to-day. Included the A.
L. Stones. William .Fisher and Mr.
Monteagle of San Francisco. Horace
Pillsbury and wife, : Miss Minnie
Houghton, Mr. and Mrs. Sam Knight,
Mr. and Mrs. Cyrus Palmer, General
and Mrs. Oscar Long, Mr. and Mrs.
Percy Morgan, Mr. and- Mrs. Edwin
Goodall, Professor. Gayley, President
Benjamin Ide Wheeler. Dr. and Mrs.
Brlnckerhoff, Mr. and Mrs. Sam Bell
McKee, Mr. and Mrs. ; Kellogg, Mr.
and Mrs. Giles Gray, * Mrs. . Thomas
Meln,' Mr. ..and Mrs. George de Golla;
Miss de Golla, Miss Hopps, Mrs.
George W. Wheaton, Mrs. Kate * Bulk
ley, Miss "Ella Sterrltt; Mrs. R/ W.
Gorrill, Mrs. Folger, Mr. and Mrs.
Althelm Folger, Mrs. E. J. Cotton, Mr.
arid Mrs. Ernest Folger, Misses
REAR ADMIRAL MERRY
WEDS IS MASSACHUSETTS
Retired Naval Officer and His Bride
Are Now on an Ocean
Honeymoon.
SOMERVILLE. Mass., Dec. 3.— It has
just leaked out to-day that Rear Ad
miral John Fairfleld Merry, U. S. N.,
retired, recently divorced, was secret
ly married on Wednesday to Mrs. Etta
Cora Reynolds of this city, a well
known artist in china painting and
prominent socially. The couple are now
on their way to Europe, having sailed
on Thursday from New York on the
Republic for Naples.
The wedding took place at the home
of the bride's mother, Mrs. L. A. Shaw.
Rev. H. D. Maxwell performed the
ceremony. They probably will hold a
reception at the Hotel Touraine on
their return.
Admiral Merry is about 70 years of
age and his bride fifteen years younger.
Nicholson, Mrs. Henry Rosenfeld,
Mrs. Frank Watson. Mr. and Mrs.
William Lynham Shiels, Mrs. A. A.
Long,- Mr. and Mrs. R. G. Brown, Miss
Florinne Brown, Mrs. Lillian Brown
Everts. Captain and Mrs. John Leale,
Miss Leale. Air. and Mrs. Joseph Hunt,
Mr. and Mrs. John A. Beckwith, Mr.
and Mrs. John C. Lynch of San Fran
cisco,' Mr. and Mrs. B. S. Hubbard,
Mr. and Mrs. Mark Gerstle. Mrs.
John Crooks and Mr. and Mrs. J. T.
Burke of San Francisco, Mrs. Thomas
Crellln, Misses Crellin, Mr. and Mrs.
Robert Fitzgerald, Mr. and .Mrs.
George C. Collins. Mr. and Mrs. D.
Edward Collins. Mr. Lanel of San
Francisco, Mr. and Mrs. James Moffltt,
Willard Barton. Miss Chabot, Miss
Burnham, Mrs. Chabot, Judge and
Mrs. Harry Melvin, Mr. and Mrs.
Robert Watt/ llr. and Mrs. William
Letts Oliver. Mr. and Mrs. J. K*. Wil
son, San Francisco: \ Mr. and Mrs.
Frederick Stolp, Mr. and Mrs. E. R.
Dimond, 'Mr.' and Mrs. I. Requa. Mr.
and Mrs. A. R. Brayton, Mrs. Hugh
McColl Webster, Mr. and Mrs. F. C.
Havens, Miss Cheney, Harold Havens,
Mr. and Mrs. Alfred von der Ropp,
Mr. and Mrs. E. M. Walsh.. Miss
Walsh, Mrs. Harry Thomas, Rev. and
Mrs. C. T. Walkley. Rev. and Mrs. C.
R. Brown, Robert Meln, E. C. Ses
sions, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Egbert,
Mrs. A. A. Moore. Miss Ethel Moore,
Mr. and Mrs. M. J.-Laymance, Mrs. E.
B. Davis, E. A. Heron, Charles Butters,
Mr. and Mrs. H. H. Sherwood. Mr.
and Mrs. 7 P. E. Bowles. Mr. and Mrs.
George "VV. McNear,
The officers of the Country Club,
which seems destined to rank .with
prominent institutions of the k^nd-on
the coast, are Captain Edwin Goodali;
president; Frank - M. Wilson, vice
president; Sam Bell McKee, secretary;
W.'rj'P; Johnson, treasurer; P. ; E.
Bowles, Gi W. McNear Jr. and F. W.
Van Sicklen, directors. '
Temperance Convention Ends.
PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 3.— The Na
tional ;Women's Christian Temperance
Union to-day closed its annual conven
tion: nfter . reaffirming: its} f aith* ; in the
beneficence". of the anti-canteen law and
pledging; itself to defend the measure
against all efforts to have it repealed.'
FANCY FOWLS
WIN RIBBONS
ALAMEDA, Dec. 3. — Judges C. G.
Hinds and R. A. Venn this evening an
nounced the winning birds in the show
of the Alameda County Poultry Asso
ciation. Following is the list of the
owners that won ribbons:
Andalusians, cock — J. F. Tullock,
Alameda, first and third; H. H. Hol
land, Fresno, second. Pullet — H. C.
Andrews, Oakland, first and second;
J. F. Tullock, Alameda, third, fourth
and fifth. Pen — J. F. Tullock, Ala
meda. *
Brahmas, light, cock — E. F. Ma
son, Alameda, first; J. F. Tullock, seo
ond and third. E. F. Mason, Alameda,
hen first, second and third; cockerel
first, pen first, pullet first.
Cochin, buff — H. M. McEntlre, San
Diego, first cock, first and second hen,
first and second cockerel, first, second
and third pullet, first pen.
Black-breasted Red Games — N. P.
Plant, first cock.
Hamburg^, silver-spangled — H. H.
Holland, Fresno, first cock, first hen.
Indian games, Cornish — D. A.
Cohen, Alameda, first cock, first hen.
Langshan, black — D. A. Cohen, first
cock.
Leghorns, S. C. brown — W. H. Arps,
Santa Cruz, cock first, second and
third; E. L. Andrews, Oakland, cock
erel fourth. Cockerel — W. H. Arps,
first and second; S. E. Starr, Hay
wards, third; L. Fund, Farmington,
fifth. Pullets — W. H. Arps, first, sec
ond, third, fourth and fifth; pen first;
L. Funk, pen second.
Leghorns, R. C. brown— C. J.Oberst,
Alameda, hen. first, second and third;
cockerel, first, second and third; pul
let, first, second and third; pen, first.
Leghorns, white, cock — E. Rich
ards, Stockton, first; L. Funk, Farm
ington, second, third and fifth; L. D.
Rhodes, Milton, fourth. Hen — L.
Funk first, E. Richards second. J. F.
Forney, .Kingsburg, third, L. D.
Rhodes fourth, E. Richards fifth.
Cockerel — L. D. Rhodes, first and sec
ond; D. Willing, Alameda, third; E.
Richards, fourth and fifth. Pullets —
L. D. Rhodes, first, third and fourth;
L. Funk, second and fifth. Pen — L> D.
Rhodes, first and second; L. Funk,
third; E. Richards, fourth; J. F. For-
ney. fifth.
Leghorns, R. C. white — J. C. Oberst,
Alameda, cock, first; hen, first, second,
third and fourth; cockerel, first and
second; pen, first.
Leghorn, buff — C. M. Harleson,
Fruitvale. cock, first; hen, first; D. B.
Nailor, Haywards, cockerel, first, sec
ond and third; S. E. Starr, Haywards,
cockerel, fourth; C. M. Harleson,
fifth. Pullet — D. B. Nailor, first and
second; C. M. Harleson, third, fourth
and fifth.
Manuoramas — J. F. Tullock. Ala
meda. cockerel, first; pullet, first and
second.
Minorcas, black, cock — G. Lubben,
Alameda, first and second. Cockerel
— F. Robertson first, J. Stansfield sec
ond, J. W. Morrissy, San Francisco,
third and fourth. Pullet — J. W. Mor
risy, first and fifth; F. Robertson,
second, third and fourth. Pen — F.
Robertson first, J. Stansfleld second,
Morrissy third.
Bantams, buff cochin— H. H. Holland,
Fresno, Cal., first hen, first pullet.
Bantams, golden seabrlght — F. E. Ma
son, first cock, first and second hen,
first and second cockerel, first and sec
ond pullet, first pen.
Bantams, silver seabright — F. E. Ma
son, first and second t cock, first and
second hen. first and second pullet,
first pen.
Ducks— Aylesbury, C. A. Tracy, Ala
meda, first drake, first and second
duck; gray call, A. Hellan. Fruitvale,
first drake, first duck; Cayuga. A. Hel
lan, first drake, first duck; colored Mus
covy, A. Hellan, first drake, first duck;
Indian runner, A. Hellan, first drake,
first duck. Peking— Old drake, J. F.
Tullock. Alameda, first; J. G. Costa.
Concord, second; A. Hellan, third; old
duck, J. G. Costa first, J. F. Tullock
second; young drake, J.. F. Tullock
first; young duck, J. F. Tullock first.
Geese. Chinese brown— A. Hellan, first
gander, first goose.
Turkeys— D. A. Cohen, Alameda, first
buff cock and pullet, first black .hen,
first bronze cock and hen, cockerel and
pullet, first guinea cock and pullet.
Novice class: Games— B. B. Reds,
N. P. Plant, Alameda. first;_Cornlsh In
dian, D.. A. Cohen. Alameda. first
cock and first hen.
Langshan, black— D. A. Cohen, first
cock.
Leghorns, S. C. brown— L. : Funk,
Farmington, first, second, third and
fourth hen, first cockerel, first pen; pul
lets. J. G. Costa, Concord, first pen.
Minorcas, white— R. C. Ogilive,
Berkeley, first cock; first, second, third,
fourth and fifth hen; first cockerel ;
first, second and third pullet; first pen.
Plymouth Rock, barred— Cock, W. E.
Frazier, first; J. A. Mitchell, Alameda,
second; hen. J.A. Mitchell, first; cock
erel, W. E. Frazier, first, second, third,
Mrs D. Frederick, Oakland, fourth;
pullet, J. A. Mitchell, first and second,
■W..E. Frazier, third.
Plymouth Rock, white— Cock. C. A.
Tracy, first, A. W. Townsend. second;
cockerel, C. A. Postel. Alameda, first
and second; R. C. Ogilive. . Berkeley,
cock first, hen first, second, third,
fourth and fifth, cockerel firsts pullet
firpt, second and third, pen first.
Orpingtons, buf£-j-Cock, W. S. Sul
livan, '..'Agnew, first: H. H. Holland,
Fresno, second ; hen, W. S. Sullivan,
first, second and third; H. H. Holland,
fourths cockerel, W. S.' Sullivan, first*
second *nd third; F. Robertson, Ala
meda, fourth; J. Riddell. Fresno, fifth:
pullet, W. S. Sullivan, first, second,
third, fourth and fifth; pen, W.S. Sul
livan, first and second.
white— G. Mellar, Wil
lows, first; cockerel, second; pullets,
first and second.
Plymouth Rocks, barred — Cock, S. M.
Butler, Alameda, first and fifth; W. II.
Arps, Santa Cruz, second, third and
fourth; hen, A. H. Gregory, Fruitvale,
first; W. P. Arps, second and fourth;
A. H.,ButIer, ; third and - fifth; cockerel,'
W. P. Arps, first ; G. Llnder Jr., Seat
tle, second; G." Lubben. Alameda, third:
A. H. Gregory, fourth; S. M. Butler;
fifth; pullet, S. ,M. Butler, first, third,
fourth and' fifth;" W. P. Arps, second:
pen, W. P. Arps, first arid fourth; S. M."
-Butler, second . arid ; third/ '
\ Plymouth Rocks, ; buff— Cock, H. H. 1
MUCH SHOOTING;
NO HARM DONE
ZEIGLER. 111., Dec. 3.— Two dis
tinct attacks have been made on the
Gordon blockhouse, situated half way
between the pump and the adminis
tration building of the coal company.
One attack was at 7 o'clock and the
second was begun at 10:25 o'clock to
night , Brisk firing from the outside
is maintained, the soldiers replying
with rapid fire runs.
. DUQUOIN, 111., Deo. 3.— After several
months of labor trouble at the Letter
mines. In the- town of Zeigler, during
whioh many reports of active skirmish
ing have been sent out, the situation at
Zelgler is one of the most peculiar in
the history of recent labor disagree
ments.
It is said by disinterested persons liv
ing near Zelgler that firing has been
heard every night for several weeks at
the stockade surrounding the mines
and pumphouse, several miles from
town. After a thorough investigation
however, staff correspondents of the St.
Louis newspapers declare they have not
been able to find any marks of bullets,
either on the stockade or at the pump
house. .':.;.*
Reports sent out from surrounding
town that miners and strikers have
been wounded have proved, upon In
vestigation, to be unfounded.
From the latest authentic reports,
there are about twenty-five men en
camped about four miles from Zelgler.
In the town there are about eighty
miners, eighty-five militiamen and for
ty deputy marshals, Including both
State and Federal officers.
Although generally termed "strikers,"
the officials of the union, authorized
to speak for the men, declare that they
are not . on a strike. They say that
Joseph Lelter offered a wage scale to
which they could not agree, and so
they left the mines. They deny all
knowledge of the alleged attacks on
the town of Zeigher.
BREECH BETWEEN FRANCE
AND' VATICAN WIDENED
Pope Appoints Apostolic Delegate at
Constantinople on Request of
the Sultan.
ROME, Dec. 3. — Pope Plus has de
prived France of the protectorate of
Catholics in Turkey by ' appointing
Mgr. Porcelll apostolic delegate at Con
stantinople on request of the Sultan,
who, is anxious to be delivered from
French interference In religious affairs.
This widens the breach between France
and the Vatican.
Oil Spouts Over Top of Derrick.
SANTA MARIA. Dec. 3. —The
Union Oil Company's well on the
Hartnell place has developed into the
biggest gusher yet struck. It flowed
all day yesterday and last night had
not been got under control. At times
the oil spouted fifty feet over the top
of the derrick. A stream of oil more
than two miles in length was formed
and the waste was enormous. The
well is about 2600 feet deep.
Holland, Fruitvale, first; hen, first and
second.
Plymouth Rocks, white — Cock, J. No
ble, Alameda, first; C. A. Tracy second,
E. K. Healy third, J. Dick, Oakland,
fourth. Hen— H. H. Holland. Fruitvale.
first, J. Noble second and third, E. K.
Healy fourth. Cockerel— E. K. Healy
first, second and fifth; C. D. Postel,
third and fourth. Pullet— C. D. Postel,
Alameda. first, second third and fourth;
C. A. Tracy fifth: pen, C. D. Postel.
Polish, W. C. B.— F. E. Mason, Ala
meda, first cock, first pullet.
Rhode Island Reds, R. C— C. H.
Adair, Fresno, first cock, first cockerel,
first and second pullet.
. Frlzzles-KT. Norden, Alameda, first
cock, first hen. ■■: .'»V;,
Spanish, W. F. B.— J. G. Costa. Con
cordla, first hen. first cockerel.
Wyandottes, buff— D. Robinson, Beni
cla, first cock; first, second, third and
fourth pullet; first, second, third and
fourth hen; first cockerel, first and sec
ond pen.
Wyandottes, golden laced— J. P. Eng
lish, Fresno, first cock; first, second
and third cockerel; first, second, third
and fourth pullet: first pen.
Wyandottes. white — Cock, W. Stana
field first. F. Robertson second. Hen —
Stanafield first, second and third.
Cockerel— Mrs. W. W. Brown, Oakland,
third; C. A. Tracy fourth. Pullet— C.
D. Postel first, second, third and fourth;
C. A. Tracy fifth. Pen. C. D. Postel first.
Rhode Island Reds, R. C. — Mrs. M.
V. Healy. first cock, first cockerel.
first and second pullet.
Ducks — Aylesbury — C. A. Tracy,
first drake, first and second duck; A.
Hellan, Fruitvale, first drake and
first duck . in Cayuga, Colored
Muscovy, Indian Runner and Gray
Call. Pekins — Old drake, J. G. Costa,
Concord, first: A. Hellan. Fruitvale,
second; old duck, J. G. Costa, first.
Geese — Chinese Brown — A. Hellan.
first gander, first goose.
Turkeys — D. A. Cohen won 'as fol
lows: first cock, first pullet; black,
first hen; bronze, first cock, first cock
erel, first hen, first pullet.
Gu'.nea — D. A. Cohen, first cock and
first hen.
indescribable fear, for
child-birth. The thought
of the suffering and danger in store for her, robs the expectant mother
of all pleasant anticipations of the coming event, and casts over her %.
•hadow of gloom which cannot be shaken off. Thousands of women
have found that the use of Mother's Friend during pregnancy rob*
confinement of all pain and danger, and insures safety to life of mother
and child. This scientific liniment is a god-send to all women at the
time of their most critical trial. Not only does Mother's Friend
carry women safely through the perils of child-birth, but its cso
gently prepares the system for the coming event, prevents ••morning
eickness," and other dis-- "*
comforts of this period, /JBi^^ft m ET5LR f^ m S^% PfR*
ItL^ru m&YHEffi'S
containing valuable information free. M?*M!^&££ m MkB M*R
Tbo Bradfield Regulator Co.. Atlanta. Go. B BHkH&LtinB MJ3
BLACK TO GIVE
DEPEW BATTLE
NEW YORK, Dec. 3. — Former Gov
ernor Frank S.. Black's law partner,
Abraham Gruber, In the Fifth Avenue
Hotel to-day made the anouncement
that Governor Ode 11 and the members
of the Legislature had decided to elect
Black as United States Senator.
In a later Interview Gruber . said:
"Black will be elected. Odell is for
him. There is no need for Black, to
make explanation of his candidacy. It
Is all settled for him to be elected and
he knows It."
Former Lieutenant Governor "Wood
ruff, after an interview with Odell.
said:
"Kings County is for Depew. Th«
report that I am a candidate is absurd.
I can imagine no situation which,
would make me a candidate."
WASHINGTON. Dec. 3. — Represen
tative James A. Hemenway of Indiana,
chairman of the House Committee on
Appropriations, telegraphed to Speaker
Cannon to-day that all the candidates
for Senator Fairbanks' seat in Indiana
had withdrawn, leaving him (Hemen
way) a clear field In the Republican
caucus.
AMERICA MAY BE USED
AS JiODEL BY FRANCOS
Position of Church and State in This
Country Strongly Indorsed by
Cardinal Perrand.
PARIS. Deo. 3. — Cardinal Perraud.
the foremost figure- in the French
hierarchy and a member of tha
French Academy, has written a letter
strongly approving of the American
system of the Independence of church
and state, indicating that the Ameri
can system offers the basis for a re
organization of the French system,
when the forthcoming separation of
church and state in Franco is ac
complished.
This is the prevailing view in th«
highest clerical circles, which hav«
been attracted to the American system
by the Abbe Kleins' recent book dedi
cated to President Roosevelt, in which
the advantages of the American sys
tem are contrasted with the disad
vantages of the French system.
MURDERER OF A BOY
MAKES HIS ESCAPE
Disappears When Those Who Wit
nessed His Crime Go in Search
of an Officer.
SAN BERNARDINO, Dec. 3. — A
gang of Mexicans were at work on a
siding near Tonopah when a boy, a
favorite of the camp, accidentally
dropped a crowbar on the foot of one
of the workmen. Instantly the man
buried a knife in the-, boy's abdomen.
The other men pounced upon the
knife-wielder. beating him with fists,
sticks and stones until he dropped to
the ground unconscious. Then they
started off to Tonopah in quest of an
officer, leaving the man for dead and
bearing off the boy for assistance. The
boy died on the way. When the of
ficer reached the siding the murderer
had disaappeared.
BABY LEFT OX DOORSTEP
OF A HOME IX REDLAXDS
Police Are Searching for a Woman
Who Is Thought to Know About
the Case.
SAN BERNARDINO, Dec. 2.— A baby
was left to-day on the doorstep of Mr.
and Mrs. James P. Humphreys' homa
at Redlands. With the .baby w^ft a
note, "Please don't turn me from your
door. A little orphan who wants a good
home." There was also a bottle of
paregoric, some malted milk and an
extra dress. Later in the day some on«
from this city rang up the Humphreys,
asking that the baby be sent to an or
phans' home in Los Angeles. The pollcs
are now looking for a woman who is
thought to have sent the message.
BO*DY IS THROWN INTO
RIVER TO HIDE CRIME
Mystery Surrounding Disappearance
of Montana Farmer Cleared Up
by Discovery of Remains.
MISSOULA. Mont., Dec. 3. — Th»
mystery surrounding the disappear
ance of William Krager. a prominent
rancher of Thompson Falls, last July
was cleared up to-day when his body
was found below the falls in Clarks
Fork River by a section foreman. In
dications point to murder and that
the body was thrown into the river to
conceal the crime.
Accused of Giving False Testimony.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 3.— W. C. Cannady.
secretary of the Fresno Diamond Com
pany, was arrested on a charge of per
jury, and an attachment was levied on
the assets, of the company this even-
Ing by G. F. Plyler. The actions grow
out of the preliminary examination of
A. C. Frederick, former agent of the
Diamond Company In this city, on a
charge of embezzling $237 belonging to
the company. ' The charge of perjury
against Cannady is made by Frederick,
who alleges that Cannady swore false
ly at the examination.
ADVERTISEMENTS.AD VEKT1SKM FXTS.
DEPARTMENTS
SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT
A LARGE COLLECTION OF HIGH COST IM-
PORTED MODEL GARMENTS FOR CARRIAGE,
STREET, COACHING AND EVENING WEAR
WILL BE PLACED ON SALE MONDAY, DE-
cember 5th.
pripps $45, $50, $55, $65,
PRICES: $75 $85^ $95 $|25<
Ladies' High-Class Gowns
Of Cloth, Taffeta, Velvet, Crepe de Chine and (f /r
Broadtail. Regular value, $95.00. Special A0J5
Ladies' Tailored Suits
-• . -.. ■.*■:. *._-.':.'■'■■■'■... ' -
Panne Cheviots, colors black, blues, browns and
mannish mixtures; new three-quarter length j»Jr
coat. Taken from regular stock and reduced .K^iji
from S50 and $55. On sale at ™ .
FUR DEPARTMENT
NEW AND EFFECTIVE FUR PIECES, STOLES
AND FRENCH NOVELTY SCARFS; IN ERMINE,
MINK AND DIFFERENT GRADES OF FURS.
THREE-QUARTER AND SHORT COATS OF
CHINCHILLA. MINK, PERSIAN, PONY AND
YOTTER. FUR COATS FOR MOTOR WEAR AT
Reduced Prices
Cravenette and Silk Rain Coats
In mannish mixtures, tans, oxfords, black, red, tan and
champagne.
Special Values for Monday
Women's Outer Garments for Winter
FASHIONABLE LONG AND THREE-QUAR-
TER COVERT COATS, TAILOR COATS IN THE
VARIOUS DESIRABLE LENGTHS.
JUST RECEIVED
TOY SPECIALS
COASTERS-(The "White House Flyer")
32-inch body, $200; 42-inch body, $300; 48-inch
body, $400; also with rubber tires and ball-bearing
wheels.
DOLLS
Good quality, full jointed, with very pretty bisque head;
open mouth, showing teeth; fine . quality sewed mohair wig;
moving eyes; shoes and stockings.
*i«-in.. 8Bc: 14% -In- Sl.OQ; 15^-in., J8I.2C;
17i4-in.. S1.5O: 2 1*4 -in- SIMM) : 24-in.. *3.OO;
27^-in., M.oO; 30 - In.. So.oO; 32-In.. &G.5C
Some with eyelashes and hair parted in center and atside.
\f COR.PWT&KEARNy STS*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ForChristmas
LSA.THDR SHOPPING BAGS.
sp«dally good valu*. Have oard ease
asd pura* in compartment* and
leather rop« handle. Our price,
ei.oo.
We .have others at ptioas ranging
from S1.23 up.
PEGGY BAGS, in all stylish
leathers, from 2So to tfl.OO.
Card cases and wallets, from COc
• tlP CONKLIN'8 SELF - PILLING
PEN. the perfect fountain pen.
convenient and durable, always
ready, price $3.OO to fS.OO.
Oold Pens, pearl handle, SJ.OO
to <!5XK>.
Mall uiders promptly filled.
TEAT XCAZT FXTTS
F. XV. PITTS, the Stationer. .
100R Market «t., opp. Fifth St.,
Etn Francisco.
There's Only One Way to
Get the Best of Whisky
And tlmt is to let It alone. If you try
any other way It wiU get the ..best of
you. If you can't let it alone you need
Dr. McKanna's treatment. Dr. McKan-
na cures the liquor habit by destroying
the. desire for liquor and putting the
rystem in its natural condition, where
li<i'-<"" 1* not needed to help the machin-
ery of the body to do its work. Dr.
McKanr.a effects a complete cure In three
days without the use of dangerous hy-
podermics, annoying confinement or bad
after effects. Dr. McKanna's treatment
is absolutely safe and cannot harm *the
most delicate constitution. Why waste
time and money in drinking whisky
when you can be cured of the liquor
liabit in' three days with no chance of
failure, no risk and no unpleasantness?
Think it over and call or write Dr. Me-
Kanna for full information. Address 14
Geary street. San Francisco, CaL Phono
1037 Main.
PslsrA DON'T. FAIL TO
sld\&\X 8ee beautiful
j COURT Lounging
5111(1 . room, the EMPIRE
u " u Parlor, the
r J~A PALM ROOM, the
lininQ LOUIS XV PAR-
UI UlIU LOR, and the LA-
LJ- m\<£ DIES* WRITING
HOtelS ROOM.
VICTIMS WANT
LARGE AMOUNTS
Nine Damage Suits Filed
as Result of Explosion on
the Steamship Progreso
Nine suits for damages for injuries
and deaths resulting from the explosion
on th« steamer Progrreao Decem
ber 8, 1901, were fljed yester
day againit the Fulton Engineering
and Shipbuilding Works. William T>en
man is attorney for seven of the plain
tiffs, and Sullivan & SulliVan for two.
The Progreso was moored in the com
pany's yards and was- being recon
structed. For the purpose of testing
the engines,- afl oil tank was partly
filled with petroleum for fuel. It is
charged that the oil was of dangerous
quality, and that the tank had no ven
tilator to carry off the explosive gases.
Because of this alleged negligence, the
explosion is said to have occurred.
The actions by Denmarr are begun
for Mary Nelson, widow of Edward
W. Nelson, killed, for $20,000; Eleanor
E. Dow, widow of Howard W. •Dow,
killed, for $20,030; Sabiria Gallagher,
widow, and seven children, of Daniel
Gallagher, killed,. $20,000; Hugh McGill,
Injured, ?20,525; Robert E. Gibson, in
jured, $21,150; George W. McEnerney,
injured, S5P0O; Edward Kane, injured,
$10,750. Most of the men were thrown
xiol^ntly against the side of the ship
by the explosion, and Gibson had both
legs and a hand broken, and his teeth
knocked out.
One of , Sullivan &. Sullivan's clients
is Harry Connama, a, minor, who.was
employed as a -helper. ' His "left arm
was so badly mangled that it* had to
bo amputated. _. He sues for $25,000.
Frank and -Ann. McGulre,' parents of
James McGuire, "who was killed, , sue
for $50,000.
The demands of the victims of the
disaster aggregate $193,025.
TWO DAYS AT SANTA CRUZ.
ROund Trip, .With Board at Hotel, $8.
Saturday to Monday excursion tickets . to
Santa Crut, including ' two : daytf. 'board . and
lodging at Hotel '. Et George, will be cold ' on
Saturdays by Southern Pacific a cents. Thig Is
a tine chance to visit one of California's great
ect winter resorts. Military band concerts on
the beach Saturdays and Sundays; mammoth
casino;, pleasure pier; boatinsr, fishing, surf
bathing.- hot wait water, and plunge baths;
beautiful \va !kd and drives, and perfect ', cli
mat*. The place for social clubs to epend the
week's end. Tickets sold at Third and .Town
•end »tr<»ets depot,- 613 Market - street and at
ferry ticket office*. .: . = .•,.-
THE : SAN; FRANCISCO CALL;,; SUNDAY, DECEMBER;; 4; 1904:
ADMINISTRATOR
A BODY GUARD
Ciinninsfliain's Opportunity
to Study the Affairs of the
Late Chew Bing Quoia
AVIDOW- IS QUESTIONED
Local Claimant of Estate
Says She Was Born Here.
Certificate Is Sent For
J. J. Cunningham, whose removal as
administrator of the estate of Chew
Bin? Quoia, the deceased Chinese la
bor contractor, is sought, was on the
stand in Judge CofCey's court yes
terday and told of his relations
with the Chinaman. He said that
he was Quota's body guard for
three years and later was inter
ested in some of his contracts. He
employed the watchmen for the ships
and also the Japanese who were taken
to Alaska with the Chinese coolies. He
declared that Chew Bins Quoia intro
duced Lum Quoia As his wife. The wit
ness was do^ permitted to tell of the
financial condition of the estate, but
went far enough to say, that put of
three contracts they lost $12,000 on two
of them.
Lu;n Quoia, the local claimant, testi
fied that she was living with her father
and mother on Sacrcamehto street
when she married Quota. She also said
that she was born in this country and
was registered as a resident Chinese,
but that the registry -certificate had
been burned. Judge Dibble, attorney
for the other side, remarked that the
certificate had not been burned and he
would produce it in court. Later, when
he asked for a continuance to Decem
ber 1C, he said that he had written to
the Department of Commerce and La
bor at Washington for the original cer
tificate of Lum Quoia and Ng She, who
is said to have brought the girl as a
slave from China in 1893.
Lee Mee Toy, a merchant in China
town, was called to contradict the evi
dence of Low Doon, brother of Low
She, the alleged widow in China. Doon
had testified that his sister had not
married, and that he did not know
Chew Lum, son of Quoia and Ngr She, a
"second wife.". Toy declares that Doon
came to him and asked him to bail
Chew Lum out of Jail, stating at the
time that Chew Lum was his "nephew."
This is explained by the Chinese cus
tom of having the children of secondary
wives call the first wifa mother.
Chew Fong testified that he lived in
the same house with Lum Quoia and
Ng She, on Sacramento street, at the
time Lum says she was living at home
with her parents.
Thomas 8. Burns, a notary, testified
that Lum Quoia had made her mark on
the petition for the appointment of
Cunningham as administrator, but he
could not eayrthat- she understood its
contents. Ti'PiKh't
Kicked by a Horse.
Wolf >Ioritz. residing at 147 Har
riet street, had ' the bone of his fef t
leg broke at the knee joint yesterday
by a kick from a vicious horse, which
he was driving on Harrison street.
The injured man was taken to the City
and County Hospital, where Dr. W. M.
L«wl<>r set the broken limb.
James Anderson, who lives in South
San Francisco, was kicked on the left
leg by a horse that was standing In
front of a stable on Shipley street yes
terday afternoon. His left leg was
fractured below the knee. <*Dr. P.
Collischon of Folsom street reduced
the fracture.
Men will 6hake your hand If you have
money; If you haven't they will shake
you.
ADVERTlSESfEXTS. ■
Wf ebS
Has made a wonderful record
of cures of Headache,
Sour Stomach, Poop-'
Appetite, H ea r t b u r ri y
Belching, Indigestion;
Dyspepsia, Chills,
Colds and Malaria,
Fever and /Cgue during the
past 50 years. We urge you
to try it; also get a copy of
our 1905 almanac from
your druggist. It is free. -
AMUSEBIENTS.
Racing!- Wk Racing!
New Jockey
California J^ Club s
OAKLAND TEACK.
Commencing : 8ATURDAT. November 12. <
Racing every .wwk day." rain or shine. .
Races start at 2:16 p. tn. sharp.-
For special trains stopping at the track take '
B. -P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12:00, ;
02:30. 1:00, 1:30 ' or 2:00. Returning trains
leave the track at 4:10 and 4:45 p. m. and im-
mediately after the last race. '
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. ; Pr«aldenL
PERCY W. TREAT. Secretary. .
AMUSEMENTS;
STEINU/AY HALL
/ 223SUTTERi ST. '
.' CONCERT GIVEN BY
Mother Wasmer
-
NEXT THURSDAY EVE.. Dec.8. at'6:15 ' !
Asslnted by MRS. M. E. BLANCHARD, MR.
THORLEY. MR.-MAURER. 'Tickets ,75c; 8
rows ' reserved at • |1 ; > to ? be ; had . at Sherman ■ A
Clay'8 and box office the evening of concert.' -
! HANDSOME AND USEFUL HOLIDAY PRESENTS |
| MONEY-SAVING PRICES |
e All Tailor Suits, Jackets and 'Long'* Coats ;at 8
| REDUCED RRieES |
s TaiSor Suits Coats :
S S1H M ffl Sfl $1^ flfl Short, 3-4 and Full Length |
2 «PlV»VVj fPlifVy^ tpiO.VV aj^.eft Whip Cord Jacket, (jualy, 5
| Suit $10.00^^J MM^SM Ij
I Slllt $12.50 1 " 1 "^ «ilkUned;$J2.00valGir . * .•
« ...OMii • P '£ #^V Cheviot good eil nil^Three-quarter length tan #
g quality, novelty mixture* worth $17.50/ kers»y, fancy trhnmed; •
• Slllt $IS 00 N o^*l*7- wit fuUvalue $15.00. g
S plain ot mixture, and long NOVELTY COATS $25.00 I
| coat effect; worth J20.0a^ . F«^ Silk Coats, fancy trim : , |
I Tailor,5uits IS^&cS^n^; I
S frti rA (MA AA d>ir AA $50.00 value. ■ G
8 Sli Sir %2 I ill S/1 flll 81 ** Co * tl » fuf Unedj 2
• Excellent ityk, excellent . material., «">* ' 0S!O value - O
• 1000 CHILDREN'S COATS t
§ Uirfk KlniiAl1-«f OanS-f-^ On sale less thaxi one-third. 2
8 High Novelty Suits $2 .5«, $3.50, -u, $5, .**, $7.50, 5i« 8
8 $32,50, $40,00. $50,00 tur jackets, $20.00 to $85.00 •
j «ut,vu, v-ru.yu, vuu.uu pur BOAS :: $Z50 to $35.00 f
• Perfect copies of imported costumes; fUR STOLES : $3.50 to $35.00 S
• the only difference the price, one-third FUR CAPES : : $5.00 to $50.00 a
• less. ~ r SKIRTS : : : $2.50 to $25.00 •
• 1230, 1232, 1204 MARKET STREET 8
B BBpBBEHBBflBBBBBBiBBflBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB
i CHRISTMAS BARGAINS 1
B ' ' ' ■ = i
B >•: -, ■ ■ " -v" '••■ , : ;■• .■.'.-■ - -..;,:.-:;;-j
§ Prices Lower Than Anywhere. I
I Tailor Suits, - "l r w !'"* tAll^^J^^W' b
■"Jackets, w 2 FtiriCapes, g
3 1 Long Coats, S •Svv Fu^Boas;^^B
g Evening Goats, CiO S' FSP Stoles,; t? - s
| Walking SkirteS c , W Ftir^Sarfs," v S
| Silk and Etamine TSlurts, §• Jg Feather Boas, g
| Misses' .Coats, \ jjj Silk Suits, g
■ Children's Coats. J [Velvet Suits, g
| $20 TAILOR SUITS for $12.50 pllll nDCMf Q Of) ATC I
B Brown and black Cloth Suits, hand- UlllLUIiLllO UUMlO g
H some t«urist style ; just see them, the —AT B
gw prices will surprise you. DIDnilll nnipPQ g
S $20 3-4 LEN6TH DRESS COATS PAKbAlii THIb^ m
m for $12.50. $4#00t $5#00 and $6.00 Coats §
g Made of si1k-fini«bed, aU-wool Ker- on sa l c at .......... $2.50 H i
d sey, in tan and castor shades; velvet . • ■ B '
U collar and cuffs, large pearl buttons. $8.50, $10.00 and $ J2.00 Coats B !
g $20 KOVELTyITaMINE SKIRTS onsaIeat .lilil •••••$5.00 ■
| for $12.50. CRAVEHETTE COATS g i
» Handsome Etamine Skirt, fancy . q !
q trimmed, with extra quality silk drop c £ of Q
g skirt v_ $5.00, $10.00 and $12.50 g
B $40 EYENIN6 GOATS for $25. Just one-third less than other houses. \
m Fine material, fine trimming. Before purchasing anywhere go to the J
| 1^^ 1 1 42- 1 1 46 Market Street g
EBHHBaHBBaEBEBHBBHBslBHHHslslslBaBslsfBslsfHHHBagnM
AMUSEMENTS. .^
Sunday evening; Pecemb^r, 4th,
Is the - opening night of the sec-
ond week of the .'Tlvoli's great
comic opera sensation by Pix-
l<?y and Luders, entitled ■
KING
DO DO
Presented' by- the great cast,
including Wlllard Simms, Ted- • >
dy Webb, Edwin Clarke, W T H-
,liam Schuster. -Ben Dillon. Jo-
seph Fogarty. Irene Outtrim, ;
Edith : Mason. Dora de FIHppe.
B?ssle Tannehlll and the
beauty chorus. ; Seats always
selling^.at 'the usual Tlvoll
prices.. . Regular , matinee Sat-
urday; 3?8Sia8KStIS . *
AliHAMBRA. San Francisco.
Saturday . Afternoon,' ' Dec. 17, at 3. Monday,
Evening, Dec. ; 19, Wednesday Evening. '
, • - - . -December 21.- ■»*■,- .t :-,■
PADEREW$K{
• (First appearances In America this season.)
'Ticket^ with reserved seats,. $2.50. $2.00, $1.60?
and * $1.00. '- Sale ; opens Monday, December . 12,
at '; Sherman, . Clay & Co.'s. Orders by mail,
accompanied : by *. check i or money order < pay-
able ; to Sherman, Clay. & Co.. -will be filled In
order; received, and • seats ; will be ; assigned asi
near. as possible. to location desired. ■ .-.:**»
-t> D TT C II 17 C ' FOR BARBERS. BAK-
JjilU Oil HD erl > bootblacks, bath-
TT" V.^"*^. . houses, ■' bUIiard \ tables,
brewers,' bookbinders, '■- candy : makers, j canners,
dyerB.t flour , mills, foundries, ' laundries, paper- ;
hangers, printers, ■ shoe factoriea,
stablemen, ,;? t«r-roofers, ■:. tanners, ? tailors, i etc. • .
"WIII T 'V'"t" TTr ''' r A »* wi < ™« HWMI itIH" "Iff
Bruin Manufacturer*, 603 Sacramento St.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
•SXJCTK3SHHV
INGLESIDE
GOURSIM PARK.
• ■"■-' Every. ; '
SATURDAY -
SUNDAY.
Coursing . win begin at 11 io' clock sharp and
continue ' until ; the last winning flag aroes up.
TOTAL PRIZES : : : $2000,
All . Misslon-st. cars i transfer to -Guerrero
cars, which go direct to the park.
■;•:■: JOHN OBACB. Judge.
EDWARD SHORTSTAG.- Slipper.
'; LUBEI^SKI, General -Manager. : ■'-
! : Kevelatlon Jin VaudevlUe."
Commencing i MONDAY • MATINEE, S Dec. 5th.
i Return " of C-. the •: Great V,; Equll ibrl s U, j ,' THH
KINS-NERS ; THE . DORE Family. Jn an .; Irre-
sistibly, v funny ; comedy, "THE ,'ASHTON i TRIO,
Premier, 'High-Bar .Acrobats : of, the* World;
LYSTER >&" COKE, ' In ; surprising; > novelties ;
MLLE. KESSIjER;- sensational ' i Cornet .Vir-
tuoso; . SPI1XMAN & IRVING. ' astounding
feats of, Magic; THREE KELLEYS. unrivaled
dancers ; and ■ comedians; : R. , CLINTON MONT-
GOMERY, » illustrated songs ; I NEW WONDER-
riJLi MOVING - PICTURES. 1 All", for • 10c and
20o. s Children anywhere, any; time. 10c.'- -Every
afternoon at - 2:30. •. - Twice u each : evening •• at
t :30 ; and ; 9. ,' Continuous ' from , 2 : to B ' and ■ 7 ' to
11 : p. ;. m. on : Saturday; Sunday and Holiday*. "
GRAND OPERA HOUSE]
2 WEEKS 2 I
\ Commanded "BEPC THX XHTO» Stwud TH, »BcX±af5una TabM*, 3xm» . ■
S3, 1903 [j
BEcaNNiNc MATINEE TO-DAY
rirst Americmn Totur Blue* Tbctr B«tara Yrvna Xn&n<L S .'-.
The ROYAL COMEDIANS
WILLIAMS
WALKER
And Ti»tr Qompmr of OoSond MxtS*X» ts Cm f
«in DAHOMEY"
' BEAUTIFULLY STAGED. EVERYTHING ENTIRELY IWW
v ; 65 PEOPLE 65
MATINEE SATURDAY Direction of Mcwrv Hartfe woA Sumb
? Prices 25c, 50c, 75c, $1.00
pni IIMRI A San Franclsc ° ts 3 d n LAST WEEK
LAST NIGHT, SATURDAY, DECEMBER fOfh
CHAS- B. DILLINGHAM Present*
MAX NE ELLIOTT
In CLYDE FITCH'S O^y, r\\\FW\ \A/ot/
Successful Coraedr. JntJI V/-WI-1 VV CLy
SmNo- Next Sunday, "A Chinese Honeymoon"
TO- NIGHT --"iri WEISSEN ROESSL"
CermajB ' • - ' • (At the White Horss Tavern)
■■■■■■■■■^■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■MBraBBavBnHnB
[ORPH EUM.'l
g SPECIAL! 5
p i «-<.-•!'. FRII>AY> AFTERNOON. D«& 9. □
3 -- • • , ...... At- 1 o'clock ihaxp. g
'g SIXTH ANNUAL BENEFIT g
S ■ :.:..:... Under, the auspices of the . Q
£ ASSOCIATED THEATRICAL MANAGERS OF SAN FRANCISCO S
;^i-*fjv':> ■-• • - - ; ' - - •' - 'la kid of their |
lOHARlTY FU ND I
■ ?"'. . Devoted to the relief of the sick and needy of the profession. E
m MONSTER. CONTINUOUS PERFORMANCE J
■ Talent from Columbia - Theater, Grand Opera-bouse. California Theater, Or- B
m ; phoum. Alcazar, Tlvoll Opera-house. Central Theater. Chutes. D
Vi ' ' ■ ■
q 16 BIG ACTS 16 Q
m Tickets now on sale at the box offices of the above theaters. H
■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■
Week Commencing THIS APTSX-
HOON. December 4.'
MONSTER
NEW SHOW!
Important Engagement of tho Eml-
;; , n«nt Actress, .
MISS MARY SHAW
With Her Company, Presenting "THE
SILENT SYSTEM."
« DILLON BROS, hw
Makers and Repairers of Popqlar Songs
Th« Blue Ribbon Winners,
HOWARD'S ■
COMEDY PONIES AND DOGS
The Headline Animal Act of the Vaude-
vllte*. -.-■
MARVELOUS FRANK
AND LITTLE BOB
NoT«lty Gymnasts, Introducing. ': Their
■ Acrobatic Dog. **Tlp."
PHYLLIS ALLEN
-> Contralto.
Sljrnor
Maramerite Qtillelmo
LEROI.,,.. and...... RICCI
Coloratura Soprano and Violin Vir-
- tuoao.
THE JOSSELIN TRIO
Famous Aerlallsts, i-rcsenting "PIC-
TURE9 IN THE AIR."
CLEMENT d8 LION
Mysterious and Original Billiard Ball
• • Manipulator.
Orpheum Motion Pictures
Showing the Latest Novelties.
'Last week of the King of Funmakers.
■ SAM ELTON
;'*The Man Who Made the Shah Laugh."
Regular ; Matinees every Wednesday,
Thursday. ■ Saturday and - Sunday
Prices — 10c. 25c and 50c.
Hisrh- Clans Specialties Xvery Afternoon
and Evening 1 in the-Tneater.
THE GREAT HART - COMPANY; i HOLMES
7 AND DBANE: -' LILLJAN LEVY; THE
CLARENCE SISTERS: . RANGE SMITH:
MABEL LAMSON AND THE AMERICAN
BIOGRAPH. ,. :?'->■-■
- Don't Fall to See
THE JOHNSTOWN FLOOD
The- Sensation of Coney Island and the World's
. Fair. -
A NEVER-TO-BE-FORGOTTEN SPECTACLE!
AMATXTJ» HIQHT TXT7X8DAT. ■*
Eleotrlo Potmtaln Display To-Briarht. ■
ADM IPSION ...... 10c I CHILDREN So
' v- When Phoning Ask for "Tht Chutee."
e CALIFORNIA %
MATINEE TO-DAT. fl
SAXFORD B. KICABY Presents the I
WILLIAM H. WEST BIO |l
Featuring the Superb Scenic Singlnif 1
Sensation. if
FREDERICK V. BOWERS, the fa- ||
mous singer and composer, aathor of r
"Always." "Because," etc. For the* W
past twenty-six weeks the star feature II
of Klralfy's Immense Louisiana Par- I
chaae Spectacle at the £t. L«ul» Ex- I
position. t|
TOM MACK, the Famous New Tark I
Mor.oloslst. »I
KARTEIXI, King of all Slack Wire 5
Performers. J1
Next Sunday Night— ROSE 1111. S
VII^LE, the original "SI3 HOPKINS." S
(Absolutely Fireproof.)
H. W. BISHOP ....Lessee an* l(ui|tr
The tjust Time To-N1*kt *t
"IN MIZZOURA"
Starting MONI>AT NIOHT
Olivtr Moroaco offers
HOWARD GOULD— J. H. OrLMOXTR
And the Majestic Theater Company la (bat
srreat American Political Comedy.
THE SENATOR
TUESDAY NIGHT— BTCNEFIT BOARD ©T
RELIEF. N. D. O. W.
WEDNESDAY NIGHT— Benefit Saa Franetses>
COMMERCIAL TRAVELERS' ASSN.
ALCAZAR-^T
_;■ • ■-• General Maaacer.
Phone Alcasax.
MATINEE TO-DAY— TO-NIGHT LAST TOCB.\
THE CHRISTIAN
MONDAT NIGHT ALL WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
J. M. Barrle's Delightful Comedy.
THE PROFESSOR'S
LOVE STORY
First Time In Stock of E. R. WiUard's
Great Success.
Evenings. 25c to 73c. Matinees. 25c to 6Oc. '
CENTRAL*"!!! 1 *
Market st., near Eighth; pfeone South 533.
MATINBB TO-DAY — TO-NIGHT LAST TIME.
the little church around the corker
MONDAY NIGHT— ALL NEXT WEEK.
MATINEE8. SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Greatest of all Successes.
THE SUBURBAN
SEE- THE RACEHORSE SCENE.
SIX HORSES. Ridden by Well Known Jockeys.
Splendid Comedy— Deep Villainy.
Prices— Evgs.. lCc to 50c; Mats.. 10c, 15c. 35g.
16 Pages. $1 per Year
3738
ADVEKTISKMKNTS.
I ._. ■■"■ ;\ - • ■*
jfS$S$y. MAGM\S RELIABLE WEAR. Jffig^
jg^Mj^ for WOMEj^agdjCHILDREN^^^,
Safe of Fifteen Hundred
Ladies' Woolen Waists
A remarkable clearance of waists-— important
because the assortment isso large and com-
plete and the styles the latest cut, the colors u
desirable and the materials of standard quality;
all sizes. The line comprises a number of <
waists of our own manufacture in addition to
those of the best Eastern manufacturers.
Every woman will appreciate the great .
advantage of this sale over the usual method
of reducing prices after the close of |h? season.
All fashionable solid colors, including black,
white and fancy mixtures.
waists. 4^-* ' 7>' Ta^»i waists,
made of good (KSL J\ \\'.%fc W, made of Alba "
quality of t&^t&X^ v^l \\^i tr0SS> Import "
French. Scotch j jfc ff Tlfm^:' ed B a t * s * e>
aad Botany / 1^ \ \\ ! j \ \v^^fe8&5m i Alexis and
Flannel; toa« f'l 1 j, ■ \ \\j&\bG&3ZA \\\\ French Flan "
neatly tncksd. / I f Jfn XVrWffc^^ nel: ln all-
others plaited. If JA i T I 1 W'P V fashionable
braided and aLjMi/i» •\\\iMJ / n{L I Bhades 5 some ■
o r n a m ented ITi^^SSM^i'i^/J^^ hands omely
buttons. /fSaf /%&^*?*S£Z&< v ~iiA tucked and
ft 71 f^^^^'^^^'^A'J braided, others
$1.50 WAISTS <M^ itWt/^» ' with steel but-
—^TCow Sl.OO fS,. ww\'*'jr • #y tons and fancy
S*BO WAISTS #''$fea^&- i^> " l€atner coUar ' '
$2^50 WAISTS y J^t i^C: (L^ cuffs and belts.
. -Now S1.5O J J4.50 and $5.00
fS.OO WAISTS If Mifffli/1:M iS WAISTS-Now
_Kow S2.OO % f] fffi T iL W 83 -°° ,
"^7 J /</•:: | I fP* V * 5 - 50 WAISTS '
53.50 and J4.00 / *\ 'ill i ,sL *£'!'& Now S3.5O
WAISTS-Now I . V \l I' )\%>,^J %1 50 WAISTS
...... 82.50 X^g-^J? 3^^ —Now 83.75
1 Ot 1 Comprises 500 WAISTS of all-wool Scotch
LUL ** Zephyrs, French all-wool Batiste. Albatross,
Alexis, Silk Embroidered Alpaca. French Silk and Wool
Zephyr and all-wool Sicilian Cloth; some strictly tailor-
made, others with fancy stocks and ties; also some strictly
hand-made French Waists inserted with lace; prices ranjje
according to styles and materials. ■»
$7.50 2nd $9.00 WAISTS- $10.50 WAISTS- $12,00 WAISTS-
Now $5.00 Now $7.00 Now $7.50
Sale will commence tc-morrow af 9 a. m.
*&k Clearance Sale of
MlK Lad[es ' Leather Belts
a$r An Early Christmas shoppers will see a
jBEM 1 /jl jr A splendid chance ln this sale to buy
«T^r/ r i^<»i \ some very handsome gifts at re-
iHi^v/^J ln\ 1 markably low prices. :: :: :: ::
irR vtfN vitt / High-grade belts made of Calfsk'in,
If \]}\l t^T ? OZC Calf " Russian Calf and Walrus.
\i >sisf /^J\\\ i n both plain and shirred effects: rep-
M \IJ^Z>\h. resenting all the fashionable shades.
\S) \opy "'' including black, white, burnt onion,
\j, Y*A tan and green; ornamented with
C& stones and fancy buckles.
LOT 1 — Former prices 50c and 75c now 25c
LOT 2 — Former prices $1.25, $1.50, $2, $2.50, now 85C
LOT .3— Former prices $3.00, $3.50, $4.00, now..- $2.00
LOT 4— Former prices $5.00, $5.50, $6.50, now v -$2.50
LOT 5— Former prices $8.50. $9.50, $10.00, now $5.00
Come early while the assortment is complete. ~.V,r
Our sale of Misses' and Children's Coats will continue
Monday.
LIFE-SIZE DOLLS, undressed/or dressed to order.
MERCHANDISE ORDERS ISSUED— for Holiday Gifts.
918-922 Market St \ No Branch Stores.
Lecture on Napoleon.
Professor H. Morse Stephens will
lecture at the Mechanics' Pavilion art
gallery to-morrow night on "The First
Wars of the Empire." This is the
fifth lecture in the university exten
sion course on Napoleon now being
ip? \gj|> Announcement a
I t'} On Monday, December 5, S-' "■
n t! or at any date thereafter, M
li we e to see y° u * n our
Vk new quarters at '•^^Fb
918 Market Street I
/ Baldwin Jewelry Co. I
fi A handsome store with a ■
I handsome' stock. a
delivered by Professor Stephens for
the Mechanics' Institute. The sub
ject of the next lecture, December 19,
will be "The Extension of the Napo
leonic Empire in Europe."
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
DrurelsU. 60c flask. Richard & Co.. 408 CUr.»
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE S AN • FRANCISCO CALL, • SUNDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1904:
LESS DANGER BY
OVER ONE HALE
Harriman Is Safeguarding
Against Loss of Life and
Property on His System
INCEEASES EFFICIENCY
Results of Signal Tests
Lead to Strict Orders
and Better * Discipline
Under Instructions from Julius
Kruttschnltt, . director of maintenance
and operations of the Harriman ljnes.
Manager Agler of the Southern Pacific,
Company has issued bulletins to the
trainmen along the entire Western
system of the road admonishing them
to exert the, greatest precaution dur
ing the remainder of the year against
accidents. v Thls order Is \ the out
growth of a- theory prevailing among
experienced railroad operators - that
trainmen, during the jollity of the
holiday season, unconsciously become
more lax In obeying train rules estab
lished for the safety of passengers
and property than is customary. A
similar order has also been issued to
division superintendents to apply to
the dally work of track walkers and
other classes of employes on the va
rious sections.
For a number of months Julius
Kruttschnltt has been" carefully ex
perimenting with signal tests on the
different big systems of the Harriman
lines with a view of determining the
effect of the strict enforcement of dis
cipline and as a result he has succeed
ed in reducing the number of casual
ties nearly 50 per cent, a record that
has not been attained by any other
transcontinental system in the United
States.
When the tests were first inaugu^ |
rated strong opposition was aroused j
among men in the operating depart-}
ments on the ground that' it was an
uriwarrahted Innovation in operating
methods. Director Kruttschnltt, how- I
ever, persisted in his plans and as a!
result of the first tests It was found!
that on certain parts of the Harriman j
systems the observance of signals was '
as low as 64.2 per cent, and this de- j
spite the fact that the road had :
gained the reputation among its ri- j
vals of being well disciplined. Ac- 1
cording to these tests In nearly forty |
instances engineers had run past a j
signal -set at "danger" or had disre- j
garded other precautions against loss I
of life and property.
These startling disclosures were
quickly followed by a general order
requiring .division superintendents to
make signal tests every month and re
port the results. The i discipline in
each case of failure was by the Brown
system, r , which makes promotion de
pendent on an employe's efficiency as
disclosed by a. complete marking sys
tem. The tests were Inaugurated over
all the roads composing the Harriman \
combine, with the result that in Octo-j
ber last there was a total of 933 with
the remarkable record of only five
failures, thereby increasing the ef
fiency to 99.5. As the failures were of
an unimportant nature the director of
maintenance and operations of the
Harriman lines has accepted the rec
ord as showing perfection In operation
so far as observing signals is con
cerned.
Director Kruttschnltt has now is
sued a table showing that on. a train
mileage basis the average number of
casualties along the Harriman lines
during this year was only 50 per cent
of the average of all the railroads in
the United States. It is the intention
of Director Kruttschnitt to make a se
ries of tests during the coming year
with a view of still further perfecting
the method of operating trains if pos
sible.
Christmas Leatlier Goods.
No charge for, lettering your name in
gold on pocketbooks, card cases, cameras,
wrist bags, traveling sets, trunks, va
lises and dress suit cases or any other
fine leather goods purchased at our store
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market street •
ROMANCE OF NAGASAKI
IS TO END IN DIVORCE
Hotel Manager's Wife Charges Neglect
and Desertion — Other Suits
: - •'-, for Separation. : '
Alice E. Sanborn, who was Alice E.
Cole when she married Henry F. San
born at Nagasaki, Japan, In Novem
ber, 1901, yesterday sued him for di
vorce on the grounds of neglect and
desertion. She says he is an experi
enced hotel manager, earning more
than $150 a month.
Hannah Goldstein, wife of Marks
Goldstein, who owns a small shoe store
at 7 Clay street, sues for divorce ' on
the ground of neglect and asks for $30
a month alimony. They were married
In Poland in 1881.
Alice Belayeff, whose husband,
George Belayeff, recently sued for di
vorce on the ground of desertion, yes
terday filed a counter complaint,
charging him with infidelity. She de
mands $75 a month for.her support.
Other suits for divorce were 'filed
by Clement J. Eagle against Mary
Eagle, desertion; Robert Tayloragainst
Mamie Taylor, desertion.
Rev. Father Wyman.
The classes made for me by Mr. George
Mayerle. . 1071 v Market street. San Francisco,
suit me exactly. The longer I use them the
better I like them. It affords me great pleas
ure to recommend . him to others. Very sin
cerely yours. Rev. Henry, H. - Wyman, C S. v
P., Bt. Mary's Churcb, 628 California, street. •
Figurehead Washed Away.
The schooner. LymanD. Foster,' which
arrived yesterday, "21 days from ! Port
Blakeley, was struck on November. 29
in 42 degrees north,- 127 west.^by a
heavy. southeaster. Her. figurehead^ was
torn off by a wave and the flying jib
and foresail 1 blown away. The -deck
lashings .were also broken, but the deck
load was secured _ In t time to save most
of it from going overboard. The Foster
on November 25, : in * 43.40 .' north/: 120.10
west, . passed through floating lumber
for nearly three ) miles.
I used . on* bottle of George ; Mayerle' ■ , Eye
water. It Is O. K.' J.'* Parteous, • Fenlon,^ Nev.
At druggists' or 1071% Market street, B..P.":«
. A .woman'has lone ,tone : of .voice for
family use and another, for callers.
RUSSIAN TAKES
JAPANESE WIFE
Alliance, However, Does Not
Save CaptainBollmanFroni
Being Treated as a Spy
SEAKCHED AT YOKOHAMA
Passenger on Gaelic Is Sub
mitted to Eigorous Treat
ment in Island Kingdom
Captain A. G. Bollman, who arrived
from the Orient yesterday on the liner
Gaelic, is a Russian who admires
Japan and likes the Japanese so well
that he wooed and won for wife a
pretty daughter of the island kingdom.
This evidence of regard, while satis
factory to Mrs. Bollman, was uncon
vincing to the Japanese authorities,
I who persisted in regarding Bollman as
i a probable spy and treated him. ac
cordingly. > At the first Japanese port
jat which the Gaelic called Bollman
i was submitted to a searching exami
nation, then to an actual search and
afterward at other ports to the closest
surveillance.
Captain Bollman is interested in the
fisheries of Saghalin Island and holds a
concession there from . the Russian
Government. His concession was
granted three days before the war was
declared and so far has availed him
nothing. He left Port Arthur two days
before Japan opened the conflict.
After spending some months in Man
churia Captain Bollman rejoined his
family at Yokohama, but had not
been home long before he found him
self an object of suspicion in the eyes
of official Japan. Business called him
away and when he returned he found
that Japanese interest in his move
ments had increased to the point of
annoyance.
Before leaving on his trip to this
country he took his family to Hong
kong, fearing, .that the reputation of
having a Russian husband might make
life uncomfortable for his wife. When
he returned to Yokohama as a through
passenger^ on the Gaelic he went
ashore to attend to some businessman^!
was immediately seized and put
through a few special degrees by the
secret service /officials. His clothes
were taken away from him and
searched and his effects on board the
Gaelic were also carefully gone
through. Finding nothing to warrant
further detention he was released, but
was not lost sight of by the secret ser
vice police until he returned to the
Interesting Suit Sale
ktS^Sl $25.00 and Q1O C/^
jg&&^ $30.00 values <J) 1 O*<JVl
v*^lg^^|ro Thirty styles to choose
from. Elegant suits, and an
•^A offer that presents itself very
K vicJJB A^\ It is our greatest suit sale
\k iKfi / \ \ The styles include coat ef-
/^S^l / 7* \ CCt ' s^ ort J ac^ ets an^ blouse ,
( r^^l y J^ \ effects, some having the new
VS^^^^^^L j vest ideas.
I \ c%$^**^ The materials are cheviot,
I'l Wu herringbone cheviot, etamine
J 1 \\\ and mixtures in black, blue,
f I ' \ u brown and white.
" *~ 'o il I \ w The trimmings are varied
tin \ V u anc^ inc^de fancy braid,
/| I \\\ fancy buttons, strap effects,
llj-i Y\\ velvet and/many other new
/111 is I l\\\ The suits are made right,
/ § I Wi I JAW ta il° rec * carefully, and have
1 "II I US I II I W been great '..values -at $25 and
/ If I Jits. I S LA\ : $30# The sale price ' v
'CW&&&. ..* 1 8,50
Bargains in 3000 Dolls
JT 1 * '■ '1 J {* JL to choose from at the Davis
I^IflSk l-,O3T^ store - We imported every
" one' of; them. There are all
We have to offer this week designs^ styles and sizes,
two of the best coat proposi- See this great collection
tions that San Francisco moth- before you buy. *
ers will ever find. : For your special consider-
Every year at this time we ation
have something special in KID BODY DOLLS— 20-
;-: Girls' Goats, but this year ■ we inch; cork filled; fine clear
have succeeded beyond all, ex- ■ bisque face ; blonde or
pectation in our quest for bar- brunette; 'sewe'd wigs
gains. . that can be combed or
They are all new fall goods. ; curled. $2.00 Dolls, spe-
The materials : are- kersey^ cial at ... .Y. ...... .$1 .25
cheviot We HoUday Handkerchiefs
have made the following prices, •—, > ■ --V ;. . ■ - - •■,-..■
which should cause you to Thousands of them— all .
think* our own importation direct
<.,'_/-> ■ •"* r «q from Switzerland. We quote
I nS r°V g °^ ° r -* !^ 5 as a special for to-morrow :
$10.00 Coats go for.... $6.50 .
;-----— KERCHIEFS--300; dozen
I^'/Viy Marked Prices JofsKeer all linen handker--
'* V/il Framed Pictures chiefs ; hand embroidered
A great introductory sale in i t i a 1 s ; handsomely _
for Monday.; Great . chance : packed ; half-dozen . in a .
for Christmas gift; buying. ;^box. The six for.. .$1.00 :
COPNS& G/3MrJfe: AA& 0£AfiY S7T
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE VALUE OP CHAKCOAL.
Few People Know How Useful It Is In
preserving Health- and Beauty. \
Nearly, everybody; knows [ that char-
coal is the safest "and most ' efficient
disinfectant and purifier in nature,
but ■ few realize Its value ■when . taken
into the human system for the same
cleansing; purpose. -^ s
Charcoal Is a remedy that the more
you take of it the better; it is , not a
drug at' all," but simply absorbs the
gases and impurities always present
in the stomach and intestines and car-
ries them ' out of the system.
Charcoal sweetens the breath after
smoking, drinking or. after | eating on-
ions and other odorous vegetables.
Charcoal effectually clears and Im-
proves the complexion ; it whitens the
teeth and further acts as a natural
and eminently safe cathartic.
It absorbs the injurious gases which
collect in the stomach and bowels; it
disinfects the mouth and throat from
the poison of catarrh.
AH druggists sell charcoal in one
form or another, but probably the
best charcoal and the most for the
money is in Stuart's Charcoal Lozen-
ges; they are composed of the finest
powdered Willow charcoal and other
harmless antiseptics in tablet form,
or rather ln the form of large, pleas-
ant tasting lozenges, the charcoal be-
ing mixed with honey.
The daily use of these lozenges will
soon tell in a much improved condi-
tion of the greneral health, better com-
plexion, sweeter breath and purer
blood, and the beauty of it is that no
possible harm can result from their
continued use, but, on the contrary,
great benefit.
A Buffalo physician, in speaking of
the benefits of charcoal, says: "I advise
Stuart's Charcoal Lozenges to all pa-
tients suffering from gas in stomach
and bowels and to clear the complex-
ion and purify the breath, mouth and
throat; I also believe the liver is
greatly benefited by the daily use of
them; they cost but; 25 cents a box at
drug stores and although in some
sense a patent preparation, yet I be-
lieve I get more and better charcoal
in Stuart's Charcoal Lozenges than in
any of the ordinary charcoal tablets."
Gaelic. At every other Japanese port i
Captain Bollman was the first man j
inquired for, and, although there was \
no more searching, the eye" of the i
Government was on him whenever he i
sought the fresh ait j
He is glad to be on neutral ground,
but the Japanese secret service experi
ence has got into his. system and he
declines to express any opinion about
anything concerning either Russia or
Japan.
"I am a Russian. My wife is a Jap
ar.ese. I am between two fires. See
me when the war is over."
Conklln's self-nillngr peri' it sold by Edward
KnowleB Company, 24 Second «t. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
O'CONNOR, MOFFATT <&> CO.
Gloves Hosiery
Ribbons Neckwear
Gloves Hosiery
We carry complete assort-. Ladies' Black Cotton
ments in the best makes of Hose> cxtra long and elastic .
gloves for Men, Women and _^ . . , u-ii- -- j l
Children, including Dent's, f° ubIe f ol r e ;, h"l S and toes,
Reynier and Fownes Kid "Hermsdorf dye. White
Gloves and the celebrated foot, white soles oi'JC/*
Kayser Silk Gloves. solid black uDQ
SpCCIfil Ladies' Heavy Black
. T ,. , T . Cashmere Hose, either plain
50 dozen Ladies Import- ~lc\ L , /
ed Fine French Kid Gloves, or nbbed ' «**« lcn g th »
perfect fitting, in all the made with double heels
most popular tfi^C and toes and cx-pa
shades. Regular tra spliced feet.... DUC
value '$1.50... ...... . pact. • ■»»■-».-, •••••♦•' paib.
Ribbon ■ Neckwear
£% • 1 S*Dc and Chiffon sf\
OfieClQl Stocks, in shades of OUC
. . JT . . w T^r . white, blue and pink me*.
300 pieces newest color- ~ — v
ing in the best quaHty No. \ I^ dit f tf . ™Z vel ? FouT ~
, ~ j .,, . .. in-Hand Silk Stocks, in fan-
60 Dresden ribbon, in white, cy colqT3t '
pink, blue, Nile and cream a* * r\r\ i a*
grounds, with small, dainty Jl^OO QFlU $1.15
floral designs, full 4% -: — '
inches wide. Very, appro- Ladies' Novelty Chiffon
pnate for making fancy ar- and j^^ JabotSt - m black>
tides for the hohdays, also. whitc and fanc colors .
for neckwear and nr*' , n -- ci nn «i ic
sash« ; former price 35C 60 |- l^'J}^*^
55c :......: . . ... ta&d. $125, 5L50 tacn.
nj/'VX'E^ A moSt * cce P. ta^ e and useful gift for
Hi w,l J^*.','the holidays is a Glove or a Merchandise,
Order, which we issue : for any amount and which is
received at any time in all departments.
111 to^121 Post Street 7^^***—^
ANOTHER QUEER ACTION
"; IS BEGUN BY IiAPIQUE
Pork Packer, , Who Studied Law In
Prison. Seeks to Annul a Num
ber of Court Decrees.
John Lapique, the pork packer,
who spent the greater part of ten
year's in prison studying law and then
surprised forty-five lawyers, officials
and citizens by suing them for
$650,000 damages for malicious prose
cution, has begun another suit in the
Superior Court. ; <->
Yesterday, in proprla persona, he
filed a complaint containing twenty
eight typewritten pages and praying
for twenty separate decrees and deci
sions of court. In this case the de
fendants are not so numerous, there,
being only nineteen of them, includ
ing Abraham Ruef, who headed the
list in the other action. The defend
ants are described as guardians, ad
ministrators, attorneys, clerks, agents,
etc., of the estate of Jean Louis Ader,
deceased, and friends, relatives and
servants of the plaintiff. They are
charged with having conspired to
coerce him to transfer valuable per
sonal property, extorting money from
him and to conceal their own fraudu
lent acts by bringing many insanity
and • criminal charges against him,
which resulted in his imprisonment
for periods aggregating ten years.
The action in this instance Is to set
aside a dozen or more court decrees,
sales, etc.. In connection with the set
tlement of the Ader estate. He claims
that in 1895 he owned the fittings and
business of the Silver King lodging
house at 514 Bush street, worth $1450.
He claims that this was wrongfully
taken from him and sold and that he
was forced to sign certain claims
against the Ader estate under threats
of Imprisonment. He also says he
was compelled in the same way to In
dorse a note for $1000 to the defend
ants. He wants the note paid, the
$1450 and $200 a month damages from
July, 1895, to date.
George Mayerle's Eyewater strengthens weak
eyes cures sore or discharging eyes, rests tired
eye*. At drusglsts" or lOTl^i Market st. •
Hold Anniversary Ball.
The Servian Montenegrin Society of
San Francisco gave its twenty- fourth
anniversary ball* at Union Square Hall
last night. The affair was thoroughly
enjoyed by those present. Following
are the committees that were In
charge:
Committee of arrangements — P.- S.
Seteuclch, C. G. Sladovich, K. Denda,
D. GudelJ, T. A. Dabovlch.
Floor manager— G. A. Dabovlch;
assistant, S. T. Gerunovich.
■Floor committee— E. T. Ballch, T.
A. Dabovich, S. S. Rapovaz, M. G.
Stanisich.
Reception committee— M. Mandlch,
S. Miljanovich, M. Petkovlch, G. De
dier, L. Ivancovich, J. Doklestich, T.
Turanjanln. •
I am using George Mayerle's Eyewater and
find It ; very , good for weak.' tired and watery
eyes, also floating spots. , Wm. Longhaen, Ho
bart Mills. Druggists or 1OT1 V* Market it. •
Knocked Down by Runaway Team.
Martin Kearns, a' teamster employed
by McNab & Smith, was knocked down
yesterday by a runaway team on East
street. ; He fractured two ribs and had
his right arm broken.
B.F.Stoll. dentist; Haight & Masonic »t.»
ADVEKTlSEMEyTS.
Executor Gives Bond.
Upon a stipulation of both sides,
Arthur Davies was yesterday required
to give a 510.000 bond as administra
tor of the estate of Llewellyn Davies.
Eliza Thorrold, daughter of the de
ceased, who Is contesting his will, ap
plied for an order that Davies should
give a bond of $80,000. She alleged
that he had conspired with the widow.
Jane Davies, to turn the management
of the estate over to her, and she aslo
alleged that the property, which was
inventoried at $ 2 7,0 00. was really
worth $40,000. Under the will Davies
'was not required to give a bond.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Bf BLACK GOODS HOUSE $
1106 MARKET STREET. \\
Because of delay in arrival, all H
our delightfully elegant Colored Silk 9
Shirt Waist and Wool TaUor.Mada g
Suits will be sacrificed before the fl
holidays. jri
NOTE THE JHyyUKEUCJl. 0
Manufactured to sell S6O. now.. S37.5O a
Manufactured to sell $43. now.. f 31.9ft fi
Manufactured to Mil $35. now..«24.OS H
Manufactured to sell $27.50, now.S18.i>5 n
Manufactured to sell $23. now. .*17.»:» t§
Manufactured to sell $20. now. .#1 1J>5 B
Manufactured to sell $17.50. now.$12a>& V
E7S*« Tiem, You'll Bay Tiem. f
R. T. KENNEDY COMPANY |
AUTOMOBILE
Large Machines for Sale at Small
Prices.
WINTONS and TOLEDOS
AUTO LIVERY CO.
Automobile Experts
SALES, HIRE and REPAIRS
Phones South 1152 and South 66
1185 MARKET STREETrages 39 to52
REPORT IS THAT McCORMICK
WILL BE GENERAL MANAGER
May Soon Return to the City as
Southern Pacific Chief.
It tvas reported in this city yesterday,
on what appears to be good authority,
that ~K. O. McCormick, former paa
fxnjrer traffic manager of the Southern
Pacific Company and now assistant
trafilr: director of the Harriman lines,
will shortly return to San Francisco as
vice president and general manager of
vhe Southern Pacific. According to" in
formation received here, General Man
ager Bancroft was transferred here
pending- negotiations between President
Harriman and McCormick, and that
the latter official, who only recently re-"
rr.cved his family to Chicago, was final
ly persuaded to accept the position of
head of the big Western road.
The news, if true, will be pleasing
to not only ail railroad officials con
nected with the Southern Pacific Com
pany, but the general public on this
coast, which formed a strong attach
ment for the genial passenger traffic
manager of the company during his
eeveral years' stay in this city. The
popularity of McCormick on the Pacific
Coast has no doubt deeply Impressed
President Harriman, for few railroad
officials have succeeded In getting clos
er in touch with the shippers and the
traveling public on this side of the con
tinent than McCormick. Another strong
ppint in his favor is that he made him^
Eelf thoioughly acquainted with the
needs of the coast and is credited with
having dene more toward advancing
its interests and especially tWat of Cal
ifornia, during his stay here, than any
other railroad man in the employ of the
Southern Pacinc Company.
'Although spoken of here as a pas
senger traffic man, McCormick has
had considerable experience in other
branches of railroading and is well
qualified to fill the position of general
manager. His career as a railroad
operator began when he was a small
boy in Lafayette, Ind., where he hung
around the railroad station doing
chores without compensation. Later
he became a water boy to' a section
gang, for which service he received
hardly enough wages to keep himself
in suspender money, but his patience
was finally rewarded when the sec
tion gang boss unfortunately lost a
leg and McCormick was appointed to
his place.
-Beginning with that appointment
McCormick's rise in the railroad
world was rapid. He was shifted
from operating to traffic departments,
but always advancing, until he finally
was made commercial agent of one of
the big roads at Louisville. Next he
•was made general agent of the Monon
read at Louisville, and later went to
Chicago as a general passenger agent.
It was about this time that the Cin
cinnati, Hamilton and Dayton road
was suffering from heavy competition
from rival lines and It sought to be
come master of the situation by tak
ing McCormick over as its general
passenger agent. But tho road could
not hold him. The Vanderbilts, dis
covering that he was a valuable man,
offered him a big salary to join them
as traffic manager of the Big Four.
The title was one of the first of Its
kind conferred on a railroad man in
this country.
From the Big Four McCormick was
captured by Harriman and sent to this
c'ty, where in less than three months
he had become acquainted with nearly
every big shipper and traveling man
::i the State and had entered into every
public project designed to better Cali
fornia. He was a success from the
start, but Just as the public had thor
oughly settled in its mind that it had
t'Bured a valuable adjunct to its list
ol*b5g men, J. C. Stubbs induced Presi
dent Harriman to make McCormick
assistant traffic director of the Harri
ra&n lines, with headquarters in Chi
cago. No one regretted more than E.
O. McCormick his removal from Cali
fornia and no one would more gladly
return to San Francisco than the for
mer chief of the passenger department
of the Southern Pacific Company.'
I RAILROAD OFFICIAL. "WHO MAT
BE MADE CENTRAL MANAGER
OF THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
FCGITITE FROM
JUSTICE FOUND
A. Gr. Schwartz, Ex- Assistant
Secretary Phoenix Build
ing Association^ Arrested
- A. G. Schwartz, who fled from the
city in January last, is under arrest in
Mexico, and the papers for his extradi
tion will be prepared as soon as possi
ble and an officer sent to bring him
back to stand his trial on a charge of
felony embezzlement.
Schwartz was assistant secretary of
the Phoenix Savings, Building and
Loan Association and had the entire
confidence of Clarence Grange, the sec
retary. On January 17 Schwartz dis
appeared, and a hurried , examination
of his accounts showed that he Was a
defaulter to the extent of about $12,000.
A warrant was sworn to before Police
Judge Fritz on February 2 for
Schwartz's arrest on a charge of felony
embezzlement and the case was placed
in the hands of the Pinkerton detective
agency. A reward was also offered for
information that would lead to his ar
rest. Since then every effort has been
made by the Pinkerton detectives and
the local police to discover traces of
Schwartz, and it was only a few days
ago that he was located in a town in
Mexico. He was placed under arrest,,
and yesterday steps were taken to pre
pare the papers for his extradition.
The way in which Schwartz succeed
ed in embezzling such a large sum was
simple. All the moneys audited by thfe
association have to be passed by the
auditing committee and a check for the
amount signed by the president and at
least three of the directors. All moneys
are paid out once a month. In order to
meet the demands between times when
the checks are audited the secretary
and cashier use their personal funds to
meet the obligations. It was this money
that Schwartz embezzled.
Schwartz is a son of Henry Schwartz,
a wealthy retired bookmaker, and his
father promised at first to pay up his
son's indebtedness, but later changed
his mind.
Encroaches on. Sutro Land.
Emma L. Merritt, administratrix of
the Adolph Sutro estate, charges that
Frank A/ Schmitz, superintendent of
the Almshouse, tore" down an old fence
on the northern boundary of the Alms
house tract and built. a new, barrier,
which Inclosed' about an eighth of an
acre belonging, to the Sutro estate.
She sued yesterday for ejectment and
$15 damages. The fences in that sec
tion have been up for- about forty
years , and J there is said 1 to 'be some
doubt as to their accuracy In defining
property ilines. The City Engineer
and the surveyor for , the" Sutro: estate
have dealt with. the. problem.^ but Mrs.
Merritt; means to. have the court vde
cide who owns the land. V
san francisco; Sunday; December 4, 1904.
SMALL HEADWAY IS MADE
IN THE POLICE INQUIRY
PUBLISHERS. FAIL TO APPEAR
Will Give Testimony To-Morrow
in an Executive Session.
Little progress was made yesterday
in the investigation of the scandal\^n
volving the police and their relations
with the gambling games in China
town. Those who have made the spe
cific charges again failed to appear.
They sent word that they would: tell
what they know in an executive ses
sion of the Police Commission, and
agreeable to this exaction the board
adjourned to 2 o'clock Monday, when
the testimony will be heard . behind
closed doors.
Several witnesses were before the
Commissioners yesterday. Evidence
of a vague nature was adduced tending
to implicate members of the China
town squad. The incriminating testi
mony was that of two Chinese, and
while it appeared to be fairly well es
tablished that every fantan table paid
a tribute of $5 a week, ostensibly for
protection from the police, there was
nothing to show what became of the
money. It looks as if it will remain
for the newspaper owner j and his
managing editor to establish any
clinching proof of* corruption if the
trouble that Commissioner Hutton
stirred up by his unexpected visit to
Chinatown and call on Sergeant El
lis is to be fathomed. The demand
for a star chamber hearing indicates
that nothing will be accomplished
ultimately but to emphasize the prob
ability, which has long been a mat
ter of almost common knowledge, that
there are levies and rake-offs in
Chinatown and that to expose the cor
ruption is Impossible.
R. A. Crothers and Fremont Older
were again represented yesterday by
Thomas Hickey as attorney. The
Commissioners had adjourned from
the day. before: that the newspaper,
men might -.change' Jthelrj minds 'apd
obey the isubpenaes '". served'? on *th'em>
But they were not in sight at 2 o'clock
and without a comment concerning
them the board went ahead with the
investigation. When all the witnesses
in attendance had been heard the call
was made late in the day for Older
and Crothers. Hickey responded for
them and announced their willingness
to testify if they could do so behind
closed doors.
A. Ruef entered a strong protest to
secret proceedings. He was present
to represent the municipal officials,
himself and others who had been ac
cused, he said, in reply to Hickey.
The debate between the lawyers
waxed warm. "Hickey declared that
the only purpose of asking for. an ex
ecutive session was that the publish
ers might have protection from per
sonal attack by Ruef. The latter was
hot with the retort that it was mere
ly desired to take advantage -of an op
portunity for garbling reports of the
proceedings.
Commissioner Howell explained
that the stenographer would take
down the testimony offered arid; the
record would be available to meet
any unfair play. There was much ex
cited discussion, but the matter was
finally adjusted in a somewhat indef
inite way. No one is to be present
but the Commissioners and the sten
ographer when the newspaper men
testify and Ruef is somehow, it was
assumed, to have protection from in
justice to himself or his clients.
ELLIS' EXPLANATION.
Commissioner Hutton is still bent
on ascertaining how the Chinese
learned of his presence In Chinatown
Monday night directly after his note
was delivered to Sergeant Ellis, who
was then in command of the police
squad. The sergeant protests inno
cence and gives a plausible explana
tion. Lieutenant Anderson and some
friends, Ellis says, were hunting for
him to take them through Chinatown
at {he very hour Hutton sent his note
by the messenger boyasking the ser
geant to meet him. The Chinese like
ly took fright, he . adds, at the ap
pearance of the lieutenant, and Hut
ton might not at all have been re
sponsible for the great excitement
that he thought he created.
Ellis says the note was given him by
the boy at 9:30 o'cleck, when he and
Anderson were temporarily separated.
He made a hasty attempt to find An
derson that he might excuse himself,
and failing to do this ran to the corner
of Powell and Clay streets, where. he
met Hutton. He claims he i did not
speak to a single person after receiving
the note, and better to escape "observa
tion chose the broad streets, avoiding
the alleys. He knows he was followed
every -step of the way by Chinese and
white spies. It is his opinion that the
presence of Lieutenant Anderson dis
turbed the gamblers, as word was
spread around Chinatown that a cap
tain of • police and a number . of detec
tives were yisltihg the quarter to close
down the games. .
Commissioner Hutton was the first
witness called when the ■' investigation
-was resumed. He began by raising a
doubt as to* the truth of Sergeant Ellis'
statement that it took him flyeTmin
utes, though he ; ran all the waj(, to
reach' ttie^ point where the Commission
er was waiting < for him , last , Monday
night. "The messenger: who > delivered
the, note'found the officer, in frontj.of
the Chinese _; theater. '•„" Hutton testified
thatVyesterday morning he walked ; ;' at
an : ordinary gait : the distance the ser-^
eearit ran. and did sq in" three and a'
quarter or three and a half minutes.
It was clear the Commissioner had not
absolved Ellis from blame for the warn
ing the fantan houses must have re
ceived. '-■..', ,
"Do you know of any gambling games
being conducted upstairs in China
town?" asked Reagan.
■ "From hearsay I do," Hutton an
swered. "I have heard > considerable
about that the last three months. Last
month I was told that gambling
was carried on upstairs in the day
time and downstairs at night. In the
latter part of November I was informed
the games were compelled' to move
downstairs altogether."
CHINESE WERE WARNED.
"What reasons have you for believing
that the Chinese were notified of your
presence in Chinatown last Monday
night, when you sent the note to Ser
geant Ellis to meet you?"
"They must have been notified. I have
often been in Chinatown before, but
never before did I see such crowds of
Chinamen out on the street looking at
me: Every gambling-house was closed,
which was- alsq^an J unusual circum
stance. There must have been some un
usual excitement to bring so many
Chinamen into the street at that time."
Commissioner Hutton then gave way
to Sergeant Jesse B. Cook, who had
been transferred from the harbor dis
trict to Chinatown to take Ellis' place
in command of the squad detailed to
suppress gambling. Cook said that he
was on similar duty in Chinatown for
four months In the latter part of 1902
and in the early part of 1903. Since his
return a few days ago he has canvassed
the quarter thoroughly and the places
where gambling has been going on un
til the present investigation, but • he.
found that the number of houses-de
voted to fantan was about the same as
that of- the games in operation two
years ago. According to his statement
there has virtually, beenv no Increase in
gambling in Chinatown, since 1902. He
stamped it out the four months he was
In charge of .'the squad there, but only
by hard work, finally vrore himout
and compelled hinvto ask to' be "trans
ferred to. an easier station." 'V '.;.'
i "Do ; you think . gambling can be sup
pressed .in Chinatown?" queried Com
missioner Hutton. ■
The witness slowly shook his head,
smiled and then said, "It would be a
terrible Job to do it; I can't say."
Hutton, apparently more hopeful that
the vice could be removed, pressed the
Witness, but Sergeant Cook, speaking
from experience of many years during
which he had been: stationed in the Chi
nese quarter off and on, did not give
strong encouragement. ...
"Did the Chief of Police or any one
else ever ask you to protect gambling
iu Chinatown?" asked Ruef.
"No, sir," was the answer of Ser
geant Cook.
TALK OF POLICE VISITS.
Lee Sing, member of the so-called
"Educational Society," testified that
he had been employed as doorkeeper
for the fantan game conducted at 826
Washington * street and was on duty
when the ! telephone message came
Monday evening from a Chinese
named Wong Yu to "Close up because
sergeants and detectives were coming
up." Wong Yu was telephoning from
another gambling house on Ross alley
and he asked that other places in the
vicinity of., the Washington-street re
sort be notified at ojace. The witness
knew nothing, however, of how the
alarm came to be spread.
"Do you know of any money being
paid for protection from the police?"
"I onlyv heard other -people say so."
"Did yo"u ever see any policemen in
the gambling houses ?"
"I have seen them come up and go
away." (,
"Did you see any policemen at 820
Washington street last. Saturday or
Sunday?"
. "I Baw them come up to the second
door. The / inside door was closed
when they appeared, shutting them
from the fantan room. They soon left.
On Saturday I was gambling in a
house on Spofford alley and the officers
came to the door and kicked it. The
interpreter was called and when he'
arrived the policemen were allowed in-,
side. He took them off to a side and
had a talk with them, after which he .
told us all to go out. H« ordered us to
leave slowly by twos and ' threes, be
cause a rush would attract too much
attention. There were two policemen,'
but they were not in uniform."
The witness was ; not asked if he
could identify, the .officers.
Through Dr. Gardner, acting as in
terpreter, Chin Fay testified that • he
was interested in a gambling house
in' Ross alley, where fantan games
have been ' running for years. The,
place was closed . for a time and '= re- ;
opened a few "months ago.
"Did you ever have a talk with any-,
body about V contributing $ 5 to- a
fund?" was asked.
"It was not' I. It was the banker of
the ■ house. , He talked with a man
through an interpreter. We were tpld :
there : would be ; trouble with the po
lice." ;:'-•;.
"Tell what you know of any such'
trouble." l
MONEY STOPS RAIDING.
"Three or four. days after the, house
was opened the, police began to bother!
/us.;,- We J-were^ raided j every -day.-? and
sometimes \ f /several times . during
a day, the. ; raids often be
ing not \ more). than, half \.\-i an
hour apart. We sent for Chin' ; Bock
NEW PARK SPRINKLER PRESENTED TO CITY
GETS A SATISFACTORY TEST.
Water Wagon From Vienna Gift of A. B. Spreckels
MAKING THE SUCCESSFUL. TEST T ESTERDA Y IN GOLDEN GATE PARK
OF THE NEW ROAD SPRINKJTjER BROUGHT BT ADOLPH B. SPRKCKSLd
FROM VIENNA. AUSTRIA. AND PRESENTED BY HIM TO THE CITY.
Guy, who told us it would be neces
sary to pay $25 a week for protection.
As we had but two tables running we
said that this was too much, and the
amount was finally reduced to $10.
After this there were no more raids.
The l police would come in and ' look
around, but we would stop playing as
they entered the room and no arrests
were made."
"Were you in a place in Spofford
alley I about a week ago when > the
police entered the place?"
"Yes. Just before -the officers en
tered all the gambling implements
were put away. When the police en
tered some one spoke to them and
they left the place. We r/ere told to
stay there awhile and, then. go out at
intervals, singly or in couples."
"What was the money paid to Chin
Bock Guy for?"
. "I do not know."
FIVE DOLLARS A TABLE.
On being questioned by Ruef the
witness admitted that- he also owned :
a gambling-house •■ ' on Washington
street, between 'Dupont and Stockton.!
This house contains six tables and the
regular tribute of $5 a table is paid to
one of the "eight statesmen" and "an
other $5 is passed over to some mys
terious person for an unknown pur
pose. . . :-,. ■
The money is paid over regularly
by the witness* banker, as his books
show, but '. he has never seen it paid.
So far as he can ; understand $5 a
table tribute is levied by the See Yups
for running expenses of the society
and the other. $6 a table goes to the
gamblers' : association.- The police
have not molested his place since the
paying of the tribute money.-
Dr. Gardner inspected the. books of
the r gambling-house taken by Com
missioner Hutton in his raid last
Tuesday night. They showed that
while all such items . as rent, insur
ance, light and sundry supplies were
carefully itemized, $40 • a 1 week , was
paid regularly to the collector for. the
See' Yups and another $40 ; was
"charged to "incidentals.'' There} was
nothing^ in the book indicating ' to
whom the $40 for incidentals was
paid over or what' became of it.
Sergeant Blank was called ; and
asked for ah explanation of . the fall
ing off in the number;of arrests made
of fantan and lottery gamblers when
he was in charge , of ..the Chinatown
squad last summer. He said he pre
sumed the principal ' reason : was that
there was not so much "gaming going
on.) H*J did not testify very satisfac- t
torily, but will be called again to
bring the private record he has of the s
arrests made by ' the squad.
Kodak ' for -Christmas.
Where' there's a child, there should the
kodak be. -As a means of. keeping: green
the Christmas memories, or as a gift, \it's
Kodaks from $5.00 to $97.00. -i> '
Brownie Cameras, $1.00. $2.00 and $5.00
Kirk, Geary* & Co..
112 Geary St.
WTETHERILL'S BODY FOUND.— The - body
of Ernest Wether ill was found floating in tfie
bay I near I Alcatraz Island . yesterday \ afternoon. ]
WetherUl was in Crowley'a ; launch on.Novem
ber 24 • when the . Santa* Fe steamer , San Pablo
collided. with it. .Wetherill was knocked over-
Hoard ana drowned. ■
rages 39 to 52
MRS. CENTER'S
NEW SENSATION
Serious Charges Begarding
Contra Costa Directors'
Deal for Pinole Tract
Following her sensational suit of
Thursday charging the directors of the
Contra Costa Water Company with the
misappropriation of $295,000, Mrs.
Jeanne D. Center, a stockholder in the
corporation, yesterday filed another ac
tion demanding $773,167 77 damages, an
accounting of the use of 8000 shares of
the company's stock, the appointment
of a receiver for the shares and an in
junction"' restraining Wellington Gregg
Jr. from disposing of them pending the
trial of the case." Her attorneys are
Baggett. Jones & Sheridan. ,
Mrs. Center directs her accusations
and demands against William J. Din
gee, H. G. Stevenson, Charles C. Bemis,
Thomas P. Pheby, A. H. Winn, A. W.
Rose, Edwin Schwab, Wellington
Gregg Jr., the Contra Costa Water
Company and the Bay Counties • Land
and Development Company. All of
those named, as well as the late Al
vlnza. Hay ward, had to do with the
transfer of the Pinole tract to the water
company, and Mrs. Center declares the
Contra Costa directors profited person
ally to the extent of several hundred
thousand dollars by the deal.
The complainant sets forth that on
February 3, 1903, the directors, of whom
Hay ward was one, passed a resolution
for the purchase of the Pinole tract
from Edwin Schwab and the Bay Coun
ties Land and Development. Company
and to issue in payment .therefor 8000
shares of the Contra Costa Company's
stock and $73,167 77 in. cash. The stock,
the par value of which was $300,000.
was delivered to the Bay Counties Com
pany and the cash was paid to Ber
nardo Fernandez. .
Mrs. .Center alleges that the land so
purchased and paid for .was of no
greater value than $100,000. She de
clares that the Bay" Counties Company
was .created by the defendants other
than the Contra Costa Company as a
medium - through which . the ; title to the
land ; might come ; to the Contra Costa
Company, and that the tract, was con
veyed to the latter company at a price
largely in excess of. the price paid,, and
that . the difference between the price
paid the original \ owner and the price
paid by the Contra Costa Company It
was Intended should be appropriated by
the defendants.
She charges that Schwab was merely
the agent and employe of the. defend
ants and that the Bay Counties Com
pany was merely an agent > to ) receive
and hold the shares for Dingee, Steven
son,' Bemis, Winn and Rose.- Gregg, It
is -said, holds the shares as trustee for
the others. As in the. former' suit, the
plaintiff 'says that she '.requested, the
board "of 'directors to bring an action,
but It refused.
The new water-wagon recently pre
sented to the city by the president of
the. Park Board, Adolph B. Spreckels,
was officially tested yesterday after
noon on the main drive of Golden Gate
Park, and fulfilled all the predictions
as to its general superiority over the
sprinkler now In use.
The new water-cart was purchased
last summer in Vienna by Mr.
Spreckels and Edward Aigeltinger, who
own the American patents, with the ob
ject of using them in the park. There
are over thirty of the wagons in use at
the public parks and race tracks of
Vienna.
- The water is received into a large
boiler-shaped receptacle of riveted and
reinforced iron, and is forced by com
pressed air through a sieve of gradu
ated holes larger than an eighth of an
inch in diameter. This air Is forced
into the tank by a pump under the
body of the wagon. The pump Is op
erated by a gear attached to the rear
wheel.
By means of brakes and graduated
scales the water may be controlled so
that a slight sprinkle will lay the dust,
or, by exerting full pressure, a radius
of 100 feet can be evenly watered. One
machine therefore could wet down both
sides of Market street at the same time.
A special featcre of the wagon is that
all the water is evenly distributed and
none is wasted.
It is planned to have a test of oil
sprinkling soon. This will necessitate
the placing of a larger sieve at the rear
of the wagon. '
Adolph B. Spreckles, Edward Aigel
tinger, Superintendent McLaren and
John Martin witnessed the test, which
was conducted under the supervision of
Park Engineer Irwin. All were pleased
with the results. The various sections
of the sieve were tried . in succession,
then alternately, and then by twos, but
not a hitch developed. The trail in the
wake of the wagon narrowed and wid
ened as the lever was regulated, but
no puddles formed and the water was
evenly laid.
Postofflce Promotions.
The following promotions and salary
changes were made yesterday by. Post
master Fisk: Robert H. Chapman,
from substitute to ' regular clerk, vice
Ernest Ri Fancomphre. $600 per an
num; Nathan Ollnskl. to regular clerk.
$600; William Cochran. clerk.
$600 to $700; Hans Graff, clerk. $700
to $800; C. CJox, $800 to $900; C. W.
Hayden, $900 to $1000; Simon Green,
$1000 to $1100; Joseph A. Fealy, clerk.
$ C00, in place of Viola. A. Dillon, re
signed; Blanche Moore, clerk, $1000;
George B. McCarthy, $600 to $700; S.
Fried. $700 to $800; M. Glbney. $800
to $900; James M. Kane. $900 to
$1000; Kate J. Grases, from eligible
list to clerkship, $600 per annum.
Ends Monday, the 12th.
The big removal sale of Pommer-EU
ers will come to a close next Monday
noon. December tho 12th. At that time
will end the greatest special sale of pi
anos ever held In the West. Over $135.
000 worth of flue new and used pianos
will have been sold during: this sale, and
instruments have been shipped to every
Western State, as well as to Nicaragua,
Guatemala, Hawaii and New Zealand.
Announcement of bargains still to be ob
tained at the old store is made on page
3: of this issue. 'SMQMMM
Scherf Derision Deferred-
The motion of Attorney Frank J.
Murphy on behalf of Gustav Scherf,
deputy poundkeeper. charged with the
murder of Rudolph W. Schultze on
August 24. to defer the trial pending
an appeal to the Supreme Court of
the United States was to have been
argued before Judge Lawlor yester
day. The Judge, when the case was
called, said he had not been able to
examine the authorities submitted,
but would do so by next Wednesday
and he asked counsel to submit any
additional authorities before that time
so that he would be prepared |fo give
a decision on the motion.
Fountain Head for Fountain Pens.
We are sole agents and selling agents
for the .beat fountain pens In the world.
Prices $1. $2. $2.50. up to $7.50 each.
Satisfaction or money returned. San
born. Vail & Co.. 741 Market strott •40
NOSE DECISION IN THE OAKLAND RACING EXCITES SPECTATORS
SHAY SCORES
THE LONE RUN
Close Decision and -Passed
Ball (iive the Tigers a
Sharply Contested Fight
INFIELDERS WORK FAST
McDonald Calls Tom Shee
. han Safe on a Bunt,
aud Disaster Soon Follows
The Tigers sent Danny Shay
through in the ninth spasm yesterday
at Recreation Park and broke up a
tame that promised to go tor twen
ty rounds If the light did not fell.
Bobby Eagar let one of Baum's rptt
L-alls slip through his mitts and Shay
romped in from third base. Just be
fore that time a close decision hap
pened, which gave the Tigers the bast
of it. Score, 1 to 0.
Neither side had come close to gei
ting a man over till Shay worked
Charley Baum for a pass in the ninth,
irheehan laid down a bunt and Bavrn
r.ent along the first base line to get
it. He picked it up before it rolled
foul and apparently touched Sheehm.
Umpire McDonald ruled the runner
was safe, so the Tigers had two men
on sacks and nobody out.
Noidyke rapped a saucy one to
Flood, und Sheehan was forced at
second, while Shay proceeded to third.
Dyke stole on the first ball pitched
and the Angel infield played In for
McLaughlin at the bat. Baum put
one good one over, but the next w^s
wide and Eagar let it get away from
him, thus allowing the first, last a-i<1
only tally to score.
The game was the prettiest of the
series and as good as any fan could
•wish to view. Baum used a spit lidl
and it was a constant source of worry
to the wily tigers. Keefe had oig
curves, which made the Angels sv.ing
vainly trying to hit. They bunched
two bingles on him in the third, but
neither counted.
Errors were few and did no dam
age. The infields of both teams played
bright, sparkling ball and 'many ap
parently safe bingles were smothered.
Hildebrand gobbled three hard
chances out in left field and responded
with three of the Angels' five hit-?.
His catch of Sheehan's liner with
Doyle on third base in the i.ixth
round prevented the Tigers from
breaking up the game then and ther-i.
Joe Corbett will pitch for the Ti
gers against Oscar Jones of Brooklyn
this afternoon. Jones used to be a
big favorite when he was an Angel
three years ago and the fans .*vll
doubtless be glad to see him perform
at the Eighth-street lot once again.
The score: s»". ' . ■
Taccma— | Log AngeW—
AB.R. H. P.A.I AB R. H PA
Iteyl*. cf 4 0 1 3 0 HKJeM.lf 4 0 3 3 0
hhay. fe 3 1 0 3 1 Flood.2b 4 0 10 3
*£*■•?* « « - <> * Cravth.rf 4 0 110
£rdke.lb 3 0 O 12 0 Smith.Sb 4 0 0 0 2
2lUsn.lt 3 OO3 OChaw. cf 4 O O 1 0
1 orbft.l'b 3 0 0 2 0Braehr.lb2 O 0 12 1
or&Ma. c 3 0 1 3 :i Toman.s 3 0 0 14
Hogan.rf 3 O O 0 OEi W . c 3 ' 0 ff 5 0
. Keefe. p i 0 0 1 T.Baum. p 3 0 0 2 4
Totals 2» 1 4 27 16! ToU1s "^ ~j^£ ~
•One out when winnine run was scored.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS
Lo* Anreles 000000000—0
Bss- hits 10200101 0—5
Tacoinj o 0 0 0 0 0 0 O ] i
Bate hits 000 101011—4
SUMMARY.
Stolen base — Nordyke. Errors— Brashear
Sh«y, Corbett. Two-base hits — Doyle Gra
ham. Sacrifice hit — Brashear. First base on
l r7^ r ~}^T, An «f le «i F »™* base on called
bails— Off Baum 2. Left on ba*w— Taeoma. 5
-I>* Angeles 4. Struck out— By Keefe 3. by
Kaum 5. Passed ball— Eagar. Wjld pitch
Baum. Tima of game, 1:30. Umpire Mc-
DcnalJ.
w 0*!aiL il tJ^ Strength, power, force, and activity H
jdf£&8S0**3i. are w l iat makf lif.> worth livinp. With thon'- S3
sands of men th*s<» things are lacking, and K
fm/Btur 1 the lack ls duo to ailments such as I treat ' 01
ffBgz; ' 5 with acrrtaintv of <-urine. Mca's diseases have M
\jft3H f'^s^'CS t be^n my Bpec'.alty for scvpntwn years, and ij
ffWK **!f Yr * invite all those afflicted to consult me free M
Vv**. x \j . of cost. My methods are original, scientific 0
\^fi%. '^SitJ and and this is why my cures are £J
m-^^-i-jg^^j permanent and are quickly accomplished. H
' [ $3fow^*3i ' state no misloading propositions; I prom- m
v HfcfS>>f:Sf l!5e no impossibilities, but I perform all I fl
/ promise. I deal fairly with every m.in. You PI
y / / 7\ set faithful bervlce for moderate fees and a fl
/ n. / J\ >v guarantee of a perfect and a speedy cure. By g|
r»o c ,1,^ clean methods of this nature I have won the B
t5 t5*i«i. « • » V confidence of thoiiisands the Continent over. M
The Learnt bpecUlist. I say that if you are weak I CAN AJTO I U
SS23 "WILL MAKE YOU STRONG. I have no spe- \ H
cincs or cure-all preparations to offer you. I si
k reat each case separately, Bcientifically and accurately. I treat each »
case according to its. special requirements, and I watch .it m
with care until I am able to pronounce the patient THOROUGHLY AND 9
PEEKAinSTLT CURED. I stake my professional reputation on what m
I DO, and not on what I say I can do. and — • M
X WXZiXi WATT POB MY FEE UMTlli YOU , ARE WELL. N
COBTKACTED SFECX7XG BLOOD POISON. Spermatorrhoea, g
DZSOBJDEKS. No dangerous minerals to drive r _ *_i^*__ „,, a
w* <«r* vour cure ia th « vlrue to tne Interior, but ««etur«. PUe«. M
B« «ur* your cure U harmles blood-cleansing rem- Lo rt Str«nfftk. W
thorough. Ivot one of e< i les that the Ugt *ort Btrenarth. M
ray patl*nu ha« «ver onou* taint. • • Hydrocele, Organic H
had a relapse after VABXCOCELE. ™. \_ U
SSSTK'S f**'— ■ ««»«»•^ tae "- etc -| « I
cured ana i cure in that cures completely In one *l»o amour the fjj
lesg tim« than th« week. Investigate my method. jh-»-- m t «««•>«]» tl
onltnary t onus of it U the only eclentinc treatment «"■••■•■ * cnr « *° H
| treatment require. for this dl»ca*e. stay cured. tA
' COZTSTTLTATZOir. ADVICE. ZNTEBESTZSTO PAMPHLET AND ||
COLOBSS CHART ALL TBEE. * fl
rvO f\ C JAQI F^M Corner Market and I
UrC. U« ,W, tlV/OLillil, Kcarny Streets. |
PRIVATE ENTRANCE. 702 MARKET. R
Office Hours — It. m. to 4:30 p. m. and 7 to 8:30 p. m. Eundaj-a, 10 to 1 only. M
& Tli* Stewart System
i>^gffi>W^ A Sore Winner.
This System will pos-
itively *ara 10 per cent weekly for' you.
Knxall Capital Required. .Is not only
based upon sound business, principles,
but. Is mathematically- infallible. Guar-
antees a regular annual income at the
above weekly rate, .which is certainly
good interest on a safe investment. Op-
erates at the race track or poolroom. I^o
misrepresentation. Satisfaction guaran-
teed or money refunded.' Particulars
free. Call or write. Hours ,9:30-12, 7-9
p. m.
Commercial and Bank references.
• The Stewart Op- Baa Frmaclaco.
46 St. Ann's Bldg, Cor. Powell, and Eddy.
TRAMATOR RUNS
A FAST RACE
Defeats Belle Kinney and
Workman Over Five Fur
longs on the Ascot Track
HIGH CHANCELLOR WINS
Piloted by Walsh He Leads
Out Escalante and Del
agoa in Sprint Event
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 3.— With fine
weather, a big: crowd and good fields
the conditions were all that could be
desired to-day at Ascot. "The best race
of the day was the second, at nve fur
longs. Tramator, Belle Kinney and
Workman were the favored ones, in the
order named, and that is the way they
finished. The time was 1:01 flat, which
was fast. The fourth race attracted
much attention, being a three-cornered
affair over the Slaiison course. High
Chancellor was made favorite by the
weight of public money, with Esca
lante and Delagoa second and third
choices, respectively. They - finished in
the order fancied. Chancellor' winning
easily and Escalante beating Delagoa
just as easily for the place. Hildebrand
rode two winners. Summary:
First race, three-year-olds and up
ward, selling, five furlongs — Pilon, 114
(Snyder), 6 to 1, won; Tlzen, 101
(Lynch), 10 to 1, second; Sir Christo
pher. 114 (Lawrence), 6 to 1, third. Time.
l:02 1 4. Count Rudolph, The Covenanter,
Governor John, John Hughes, Carlisle,
Frierline, Oriel, Leonado and Evermore
also ran.
Second race, two-year-olds, five fur
longs—Tramator, 104 (Hildebrand), 4 to
5, won; Belle Kinney, 109 (Dugan), 8 to
5.. second; Workman, 112 (Fuller), 3 to 1,
third. Time, 1:01. Capitanazo, Garvice
and Home Bred also ran.
Third race, three-year-olds and up
ward, selling, five . furlongs— Bath
Beach, 117 (Booker), 7 to 10, won; Our
Pride, 119 (Tullett), 20 to 1, second;
Great Mogul, 119 (Hildebrand). 7 to 1,
third. Time, 1:01%. Riceful, Conger,
Happy Chappie and Brick Fowler also
ran. • «
Fourth race, three-year-olds and up
ward, Siauson course— High Chancellor,
107 (E. Walsh), 3 to 2, won; Escalante,
105 (H. Smith), 9 to 5, second; Delagoa,
117 (Hildebrand), 11 to 5, third. Time,
1:10. Three starters.
Fifth race, .three-year-olds and up
ward, selling, seven furlongs — Wager,
105 (Hildebrand), even, won; Handley
Cross, 100 (E. Walsh), 4% to 1, second;
Jingler. 100 (Miller), 12 to 1, third. Time,
1:27%. Blueridge,. Lanark, Cloverton,
Ulloa and Exapo also ran.
Sixth race, three-year-olds and up
ward, selling, six furlongs— Durbar, 98
(McDaniel), 4 to* 1,, won; Tarn o'Shanter,
104 (Mortality),-^ 2/ to- 1/- second; Dorice,
100 (Lawrence). 4Uo 1. third. Time, 1:15.
Freesias, Miss Provo and Interlude also
ran/ 1^ •-" 111- '-'.'
Handball at Olympic Club.
Al Hampton, the coast handball
champion, will play a return match at
the Olympic Club at 1 o'clock this
afternoon against Louis Levy and
Gtorge James. Hampton was de
feated last Sunday, but expects to re
gain his lost laurels. to-day.
At every wedding there are a lot of
people who wonder what the bride and
bridegroom ever saw in each other.
The difference between firmness and
stubbornness is merely the difference
between a man and a woman.
ADVKRTISKMKXTS.
The United Stated employed 10,555
men in distributing mail last year. The
cost, distributed among. 1400 lines, was
563.594.0O0. In 373 accidents to'v. mail
cars eighteen clerks- were killed and
seventyvelght seriously 'injured.
Some men would rather, sleep an hour
later than to .wake i up - and ■ flrid them
selves famous. /
The fellow who makes a fool of him
self is seldom satisfied unless 1 he works
overtime , at the ' job.'
THE SAN FRANCISCO. GALL, SUNDAY. DECEMBER 4, 1904
BOMBARDIER BEATS GATEWAY
A NOSE ON THE WIRE
Four Pole Glw Cafte Parses at Oafti W
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
OAKLAND— Saturday, Dec. 3. Weather clear.* Track slowi
7500. FIRST RACE— Futurity course; selling; 3-year-oldB andjup; value to first, $325.
Indexl Horse and Owner. Wt St. 'i. •%• %. ; Btr. iFln. h Jockey, . <>V- -'Cl.
7409 [pickaw*y,~4 (A. J. Jackson).. ~99 3 . .-. 1 41 -3%'l 4 1 3 McBride ... 1 J^IO
.7478 Stilicho, 4 (T. G. Ferguson)., 110 S- ... 2 -1%2 1%2 1^2 » •" Helscesen .. 17-5
7484 ICoroner Kelly, 3 (Molero & J) 102 6 ... 4 n 3 1%» 2V.3 6: ]W. Davis... 15. 20
(7503) | Instrument, a (Balrd A Co.).. I'M 1' ... -S % 4 n 4 % 4 8 Reed ...... « *<>
7451 The Lieutenant, 3 (Stover);..: 99 5 . . .' 5 ft 5 4 5 4 5 4 ' W. Knapp.. ' _« »
7493 Monla. 4 (L. H. Kzell) 99 7 -... 7 7 . 6 6 6 4^ Barrett .... 30 100
7477 Komombo, S (Parker & T.).. 103 4 ... 6 4 6 C -7 7 ---.■■■ Greenfield . ■ - 20 M
Time — :23U, :5OH. 1:18U. At pout 3 minutes. Off at 2:14. -Pickaway, place, 1-3; out show.
Stilicho, place. 4-B;'show, 1-3. Kelly, show, 8-5. Winner, ch. g.\ by Plccolo-MarceUe.
Trained by A. J. Jackson. Start good. Won easily. ■'-■ Second driving. Third /easily.
Pickaway eneesed in. Stilicho can probably show to better advantage on a fast track.
Coroner Kelly ran a fair race. The Lieutenant a disappointment. Komombo received
some support on the strength of a workout. - ; -. :";. - . '- -^^^j^-^u-u-o-u-rf
751O. SECOND RACE>— Six and a half furlong?; selling; 3-year-olds and up; first $325.
Index I Horse and Owner. Wt!3t. >4 . %. Str. Kin. i JocKfcy^. j Op- C).
74Wr > Mlmo. 4 (P. Sheridan). 100 1 ... 1 1%1 U41 2 1 2Vi W. Knapp.. 6-2' 9-5
74M Foxy Grandpa. 3 (Mrs.CofTey) 103 B ... ,4 3 4 C » 1 ; 2 94 W. Davis.. 3-2 11-B
745S Alice Carey. 4 (Fleur de Us S) IOC 3 ... tin 2 ; 1 2 *4 3 2 -fAlarle <-2 4
7492 Inspector Munro. 3 <T. Tax).. 103 4 ... .5 n 5 n '•t'l< / 6*-lK F. Sullivan. ' S\. 15
7608 Scherzo. 8 (Pueblo Stable) 103 8 ... 8 8 8 2 5 5 R. Butler.. 20 no
7479 iLar.gford James.3 (\V. Cotton) 105 6 ... 6 6 6 8-5 3-6 4 v Bell ..V....I 4() 15
7493 iTennhauser. 3 (Hayes & Co.). 100 7 ... 7 Vj 7 . >i 7 8 7 10 J. Hayes... 1j 12.
7497 iBatidor. 4 (L. E. Fine) 104| 2 ... 3 1tfr.,8 8 jgreenfield ,| t> U'
Time — :24i5, :49',i. 1:17, 1:24%. At post 2'^ minutes. * Off- at" 2:89. > Mlmo, plac«». 7-10;
show. 1-3. Foxy, -place. 7-10; show. 1-3. Carey, show, -4.5. Winner, b. g. by.MllesJo-
Minona. Trained by P. Sheridan. Scratched— Hindoo. Princess. Sterlin? Towers, Pencil
Me. Glenarvon. Start good. Won easily. Balance drivicsr. :• Mlmo best. Foxy Grandpa
ran to form. Alice Carey had a collision in the morning,. with another galloper, which
may not have Improved her chances. Inspector Munro. ran a fair race. -Batldor quit
early. - ;
7611. THIRD RACE— Futurity course: Belling; two-year-olds; value to first, $325.
Index I Horse and Owner. \VtiSt ; *+. ft. %. 6-tr. Fin. IJdckey. Op- - Cl.
748a" Platt (Stevena & Son). 102 2 ... 4 I'i2 *i 1 l^il 5 W. Davis.. 4-5 9-10
C628 Dizelle (O. W. Wilton) 102 7 ... On 5n 3 1^2 n Taylor 15 30
7*Sl Edrodun (Lasoria & Forbes). 107 4 ... 12 1 n 2 1Vj3 IVj Anderson .. 10 10
7483 Bose Eley (Blaslngame Bros.) 105 5 ... 3 % 4 % 5 3 4 .*; Helgesen .. 8-8
740S Bearskin (F. Skinner & Co.).. 105 S ... 8 S 8,2 5 h H. Michaels 6 20
7491 Mizpah (Summers & Co.) 98 3 ... 2 % 3 4 4n «5 McLaughln 10 20
7475 Mogregor (California Stable). 107 « ... 7 2 6^7 4 7 9 W. Knapp.. 5-2 5-2
7475 Lady Fashion (Mr;. Miller).. 100 1 ■■ . 5 3 7 2 < 8 8 Hollander . 30 100
Time— :25>4 :51, 1:15^. At post 2>,i minutes. Oft at 3:03^. Platt. place, 2-5; siiow,
1-4. IMnelle. place. 10; show, 5. Edrodun, show. 3-2. Winner, ch. c. by Algol-
Emily S. Trained by J. D. Stevens. Scratched— Jerusha. Start good. Won in a gallop.
Balance driving. Platt was outfooted the first part, but when Davis hoisted the main
sail it wa« only a breex*. Taylor on DIxelle rode a persevering race. Bose Eley won't
do. MIxpah quit. Hollander on Dkdy Fashion broke it up badly. Mogregor a disap
pointment-
7A12. FOURTH RACE— One-and a sixteenth miles;-handicap; 3-year-olds & up; first, $500.
Index HcrHB and Owner. IWtlSt. %. %. 14. Str. Fin. | Jockey. I Op. Cl.
74C4 Bombardier. 3 (F. Skinner).. 1104 2 4 1%2 1>41 % In 1 na IH. Michaels 3 7-2
74'J4 Gateway, 3 (E.E. Burnett).. I OS 3 2 •% 4 3 2n 23 2 7 1W. Knapp. -3 3
7404 Elliott 4 (M. J. Daly) 11 » 1 1 Vi 1 \i 3 - 3 3 4 3.3' Dominiclc .. ?, 7-2
(7404) Arcade 4 (\V. B. Jennings). 108 S 3 n 3 n 45 4C'4 5 W. Davis.. 6-5 3-2
U744 Veterano, 4 (Multnomah Sta.)|104 4 S 5 5 5 5 Anderson ..! 20 30
Time— :2«, :51. 1:16, 1:43V4. 1:49%. At post Y* minute. Off at 3:29&. Bombardier,
place. 1; sh«w, out. Gateway, place, .7-10- show. out. Elliott, show. 1-2. Winner,
b g. by Maxio-Mludle Dwyer. Trained by E. J. Ramsey. ' Start good. Won in a hard
drive of two. Third easily. Michaels is al! right in a small field and con put up a
strong finish. Gateway, struck., a 'muddy spot on the back stretch, losing some ground.
He was also bumped slightly by winner in the stretch. Elliott warmed up lame. Ar
cade had no speed to spare. ;,'.* .;.
7513. FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; 4-year-olds and upward; value to first, $.TJ5.
Indtxl Horse and Owner. Wt St. U. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. I Op. Cl.
(7452)! Ripper, 4 (W. R. Linton) 107 4 1 2%1 n 1 4 16 17 McLaghlin | 8-5 6-5
7485 ! Bronze Wing, 0 (Fountain).. 07 « 2 n 3 1^2 11*2 4 2 5 L». Fountain! ." 13-5
(7495)!Hipponax, a (A. C. Dean).... 107 3 6 2H5 6 4 4 % d 2%3 5 W. David-. | 3 i
7497 Homage. 6 (M. Stephenson) . . 101 8 7 2 « liA« 4 5 n 4 2 McBride '..L SO 60
7495 San Lution. 5 (Walsworth). . 102 2 5 h 4 h 5 n 6 6 5 4 W. Knapp. '.€ 8 9
7508 Flaneur 0 (Bianchl & McO.). 107 1 3 2 2% .114 2%« 4 F. Sullivan' 8 - 1«
7:;?5 Theodora L., 4 (P. E. Smith). 1M 7 4 n 7 5 " S T 10 7 10 |H. Michaels 40 100
7503 Optimo. 5 (R. W. Price) .... 105 5 S_ 8 8" 88' tBell ..j.:.|_20 _60
; ■. Time— :24?i :45Vi'.; 1 :i.T. ! 1:30%. At post % minute. Off at 3:57%. Ripper, pJa'ce,
11-20; show, 1-4;' WngV place',' 4-5: show,. 2-6; Hipponax. show, 1-2. Winner b. g, bjr.Joe 4
RIpley-Salonlca. Trained by B. Flaherty. ■ Scratched— Karabel. Lady Kent, Dr. Jx>ng.
Vigoroso. Start good. Won in a gallop. Next two easily. Rlpuer won as far as McLaugh
!ln Dleased. Bronze Wine ran hlarace. Hipponax no excuses. San Lution was played,
but can't beat these kind. Flaneur sulked.. Optimo no account.^-. . <■ ■■■''. . . •-„ ' . ' ■
7514. SIXTH RACE— One mile and 100 yards; selUng; 3-year-olds and up; to first. $325.
Index] Horse and Owner. |Wt St. %. tf. . %. Str: Fin. | Jockey. I Op. . Cl..
TTgtriltabclllta, 4 (J. Ronaldson).. 107 3 3n 2n 2n 1 1%1 3 jW. . Knapp. !~ 6 12
(7436)|Dungannon, 3 (Knebelkamp) 98 1 4 1%:; 1 3 2 3 1 2 5 IMcBride .J 0 8
TOOOtCol. Van. 6 (D. S. Fountain). 1 102 2 2 % 1 % 1 h 2 1 3 2 (L. Fountain! <$ -7
(74e2)iBab. « (W. Cahill) 102 7 5 14 4 « 4 5 4 3 4 (i. W. Davis. | 3-6 9-20
7501 (Chickadee, 5 (F. Whitman). .107 5 7 6 2'4(i 10 S 2 5 1 F.Sullivan. 20 40
7501 INorth West, 3 (aifford Co.). 98 « 6 1 5 1 5 2%6 10 «J 10 R. Butler . « 10
7r.Ot3 I Prince Blazes, a (Balrd Co.).|lO7 4 1 % 7 7 7 7 Reed „... 30 150
Time — :24%, :50%. 1:17%. 1:45%, 1:52. At post 3 m!nut€.». Off at 4:23. Isabellita. place
3; thow, 6-5; Dungannon, place. 8-5: show. 3-B; Col. Van, show. 7-10. Winner br. m. by
Rey El Santa Anita-Teodallna. Tialned toy E. McNamara. . Start poor. Won easily. Next
two easily. Winner bid ud from $500 to $700 by W. Harris, and sold. Winner was a good
mare in to-day's going. Dungannon ran Jif*. race. Col. Van is not at his best. Bab was cut
off baiily on first turn and ran a considerable distance in the deepest going. Butler rode
North West. "r/;. .
BY FRED E. MULHOLJjAND.
The large Saturday crowd at Oakland
track was treated to a pretty finish in
the handicap, Frank Skinner's useful
mud horse, Bombardier, snatching vic
tory from Gateway by a scant nose at
the wire. :_r"
There were only five starters, but
.they furnished an excellent betting
proposition, and quite a contest. Be
cause Tie took the handicap on Wednes
day, Arcade, carrying 108 pounds, was
installed favorite at odds of 6 to 5. An
early plunge on Elliott, the top weight,
forced the odds against the Daly horse
down to 2, but after he warmed up
lame, the price lengthened out again.
Gateway and Bombardier had hosts
of friends, while Veterano attractsd
few admirers, it being his first trip to
the barrier.. Dominick, on Elliott, cut
out the running almost to the far turn,
where he faltered and was passed by
Gateway and Bombardier. The former
led into the stretch by a narrow mar
gin, with "Big Bill" Knapp sighting
him. on the raii.
MICHAELS' STRONG FINISH.
Michaels now began to work "on Bom
bardier, and the pair had it nip and
tuck, Michaels a bit the stronger fin
isher, possibly, landing his motfnt by a
couple of inches. Arcade at no period
looked .dangerous, Elliott securing
show honors without a struggle. '
Despite the fact that the track was
in heavy condition, the horses ran re
markably well to form. Purses were
captured by four favorites, while Isa
bellita enlivened matters by romping
home in -the last race at odds of 12
tol.
None of the other starters in the
introductory number possessed speed
enough to carry Pickaway, and it, was
simply a gallon for the chestnut sprint
er. Played from evens to 7 to ,10, he
won by three lengths from Garnet Fer
guson's Stilicho, the second choice. Cor
oner Kelly, a 30 to 1" chance, disposed
of Instrument for the show. The Lieu
tenant failed to run up to expectations.;
"Big Bill" Knapp,. who rode: The
Lieutenant, met with ■ more; success on
his next mount. He piloted , Mifnb,* the
post favorite in the six ; and ' a \half fur
long selling, run, and showed jthe: way
from start to finish;; Alice' Careyr the
well-supported third : choiCe,^.' tired: per
ceptibly the last eighth of a mile," losing
the show " to": Foxy.-* Grandpa: Langford
James proved much of a false alarm.
PLATT SCORES HANDILY.
There was no mistake V about the
chestnut colt Platt, from the., stable 'of
F; H. Stevens & Son; being a legitimate
favorite ' for the ' Futurity course spin,'
following.' Ridden by Davis and a trifle
slow beginning,"" the' youngster .was ; go
ing away'at ; the end ; from ' DIxelle, a 30
to ; 1: shot. v / Edrpdun, " the early ; pace
maker, finished ': third, in front of -Bose
Eley. _ ■'.' ; ..
On past ; form Ripper ■ looked a - ; cer-
tainty for the seven-furlong selling run.
and I he scored with ridiculous ease.
While Bronze Wing and Hipponax were
both well supported, the price about
Ripper gradually dropped from 8 to 5 to
6 to 5., This was. a long quotation, for
the gelding, with Micky McLaughlin in
the saddle, early assumed the lead and
blew in. seven lengths ahead of Bronze
Wing. Hipponax finished a moderate
third.
Taking her last two races for illustra
tion, Isabellita gave conclusive proof
that a heavy and not a sloppy track is
her forte. Ridden by "Big Bill" Knapp
in the concluding race of the day and 12
to 1 in the betting, the mare passed
Colonel Van when ready and galloped
in first. Dungannon closed strong, tak
ing the place from Colonel Van. Bab,
the 9 to 20 % favorite, ridden by Davis,
was messed about at the first turn and
at-no stage was a factor in the race.
BENNINGS SEASON EXDS.
Marks the Close of Racing on the
Eastern Tracks.
BENNINGS, D. C, Dec. 3.— This
was get-away day. at Bennings and
marked the closing^of the. racing sea
son in the East for 1904. Results:/
First race, one mile — Poseur won,
Cannonball second, Orfeo third. Time,
1:43 3-5.
Second race, five furlongs — -Tarpon
won, Calmness second,' Critical third.
Time, 1:03 1-5. ' / .
Third race, steeplechase, about three
miles-r— Ivan won, Woden second, Im
perialist-third*. Time,' 6:24. V
Fourth race, the Maximum, . three
miles— Ben Crockett won, James F
second, Shorthose third. Time,
5:34 3-5.
Fifth race, seven furlongs— Ruby
Hempstead won, Frank L. Perley, sec
ond, Old Glory, third. ' Time, 1:32.
Sixth race, one mile and forty yards
—Proceeds won, Jane Holly second,
Arrah Gowah third. 'Time, 1:46 4-5.
NEW ORLEANS, Dec. 3.— -Results:
; ' First race/ six f furlongs—^-Astarlta
.wen, Mizzen second, Floral Wreath
third. Time, 1:19 1-5.
Second'* race, -.five furlongs— Brush
Up won, ; Bisque second, Halcyon Days
third/ Time, 1:06 1-5. :
Third race, one fmile-7-Garnish -won,-
Platus second, Forehand third." Time;
1:49.
.Fourth race, New St. Charles Hotel
stakes, five ; furlongs— Lucy. Young
won, Saladin^ second, Yorkshire Lad
third. Tlme,^l:05 r 2 7 5. '
* Fifth race, one and an "eighth miles
— Spencerian .won, Rankin~ second,'
Luralighter^third.; Time, ; 2:02 1-5; ;;
Sixth race," one arid fa quarter miles
r-Little ; ;Elkin won, . Brooklynite sec
ond, Burke " Cockran third. Time,
SPROTT WILL
CAPTAIN MEN
OF STANFORD
famous ke:ft tackle of stan
. kor1> ■ eleven who has been
* elected captain..
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Dec. '3.
W. K. Sprott, who has been chosen to
captain next year's Stanford football
team, comes from Porterville, the home
of the famous Traeger. He Aiade the
varsity in his freshman year. When
Traeger left college in- 1901 he said
to "Dad" Moulton:-"! have to go, but
will send a better man to take my
place."- Sprott, who nearly carries
out Traeger's predicition, was the man
to -whom, he alluded.
Sprott is a' smashing tackle, unusu
ally quick, and seldom lets his oppo
nent get the advantage of him. All
during the preliminary season he
would -get 'through the line on kicks
and down the runner in the back field.
His work in the line this year in the
California game was largely responsi
ble for the success of the tackle plays
that brought Stanford a decisive vip
tory. A fact that will, make next
year's game interesting is that Captain
Sprott will oppose Force, recently
elected captain of the eleven at
Berkeley.
TRACK-' NOTES.
"Big Bill" Knapp was the only
rider to pilot two winners. ">
A. R. Dimond, president of the
Multnomah Racing Association of
Portland, was a visitor at the 'track
yesterday.
Isabellita, winner of the last race,
was bid up from $500 to $700 and
was secured by Willie Harris, who
holds the contract on the services of
W. Davis.
C. W. Chappell, who was indefinitely
suspended, together wilhj. his stable
of horses, the closing day of the meet
ing last spring, was restored to good
standing yesterday by the stewards.
Stanford Loses Hurdler Lanairnn.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Dec. 3.
W. H. Lanagan, Stanford's record
breaking hurdler.Jteft the university
to-day to engage"*in surveying work
near Folsom. He will not return to
college until next March, when he will
complete his work and take his de
gree in geology and mining.
'.ri^/r, ADVERTISEMENTS. V-, : T\
i ■ ,.-■-. — ' ' _
Ipljlli!?' / Gentlemen: — I suffered with Eczema- I tried doctor's medicines, salves, \^^^^i^^i
on the hands and face for over a year. It washes and all kinds of local applica- j8KiSp|r
Mj£n£-£££&V^& W as not only annoying and painful, but tions, treating Eczema of long stand- 1^^^^
Wm^^^Y^ very unsightly, and I disliked to go out ing, but with only temporary relief.
WWflTffiu l\ in the streets. I tried at least a dozen The itching and burning from Eczema #|4 HS|ii3f B&k
W'ffi It { /If If soaps and salves, which did me abso- was more than I can describe. Many p|p^-«^xLJ|£?3
JSl' if I'V lutely no good, and became very much nights I was unable to sleep on account of x * s^^J5J3giE5J%/
discouraged, "until ) I read in the papers of the cures per- the awful itching. Seeing S. S. S. adver-
formed throagh the use of S. S. S., and determined to give it tised I began its use, and after taking it for some time the dry
a month's trial at least. I am pleased to state that I soon no- eczematous eruptions disappeared and I _was entirely relieved
ticed a slight improvement, sufficient to decide me to keep it of this awful itching and purnmg. It is a boon to Eczema
tip After the use of six bottles my skin was as soft and sufferers and I can conscientiously recommend it to them,
smooth as an infant's. This was a* year ago, an* 1 I have never believing confidently that a permanent cure will be effected
had any trouble since. Miss Geneva Briggs. in all such cases where it is taken according to directions.' ; #
216 S. Seventh Street, Minneapolis, Minn. Urbana, Ohioljt. F. D. Na.i. C. OTTO.
All skin diseases have their seasons; some are active" in the. summer, while'cthers lie dormant nntil cold
weather when the first breath of winter brings them to life end they remain to torment us until spring. Through-
the long hot months Winter Eczema sleeps in the system, and when cold weather begins it breaks out. • The head.
Hands and feet are tlie parts usually attacked, but other parts of, the body may be affected by this "flesh fire."
The skin becomes feverish, hard and dry, cracks open and often bleeds, and the itching is terrible. While the trou-
ble shows on the skin the cause is far deeper. This eruption is but nature s way of telling that the fountain of al,
health— the blood— is diseased and must have relief. It is filled with unc acid and other poisons which are forced
through the pores causing the natural oils, which should keep the skin soft and pliable, to dry up. These acid3
m^ '.'■■■■lit '• are constantly forming in the system to be absorbed by the blood, and thus the
if&H^l iffs rail trouble is kept up. The treatment of this disease with local applications, such
«Hta!irr^ f^ftsZl^ »Sr"_/^l as washes, salves, powders, etc., is useless in effecting a cure, because thev can-
not S et to tbe seat or be g innin S of the trouble. The best they can do is to give
feT^^^ fct^J^^ feC^^a the P atient relief for a little wnile - Toe blood must be cleansed of all acids and
fslHHr BgiHHfKy - poisons and the system toned and built up before a cure" can be had. S. S. S.
<5jjggpT *Jajgfjgigr^ i **gRS& r cures by going into the blood, searching out all foreign matter, and making it
strong and healthy again. S.'S.S. is a purely vegetable remedy,' and therefore cures this disease safely/as well as
surely, and from a "; condition .of jtofture the patient is brought to one of healthful pleasure Book on Skin Diseases
mailed freei and bur physicians 'will give advice, without charge, to'all sufferers. v
I THE SWiFT SPECIFIC COMPANY, ATLANTA, GA*
BERGER TO BOX
IN TOURNAMENT
Will Meet F. Smith, an Un
attached Heavy-Weight, in
the Olympic Club Ring
CARD A PROMISING ONE
Amateur Glove Artists of
All Weights Will Meet
in Special Competition
The members of the Olympic Club
have a boxing treat in store for them
on Monday and Tuesday nights. Lead
er J. J. Gleason and Instructor De "Witt
Van Court have made some special
matches, which promise exciting sport.
Each will be of four regulation round3.
There will be two heavy-weight battles
each night. Andy Gallagher and Jack
Sullivan will meet in the more im
portant of these on Monday night,
while Sam Berger and F. Smith will be
the stars on Tuesday night. The Haw
thorne Club, which has developed some
excellent boxers, is strongly represent
ed in the lists. The complete pro
gramme follows: -
MONDAY.
R. Gordon, Hawthorne Club, vs. W.
Merrltt, Hawthorne Club, 115 pounds.
J. .Conroy, Hawthorne Club, vs. J.
Crowley, Hawthorne Club, 115 pounds.
W. Letcher, unattached, vs. J. Leahy,
Hawthorne Club, 123 pounds.
I T. TJghe; unattached, vs." J. Frayne.
Hawthorne Club, 120 pounds.
J. McBride. Olympic Club, vs. J.
Somne, unattached. 130 pounds.
J. Flores, Olympic Club, vs. J. Nor
ton, unattached, 137 pounds.
J. McMurtrie, Hawthorne Club, vs. J.
Fitzgerald, unattached, heavy-weight.
Andy Gallagher, Olympic Club, vs. J.
Sullivan, unattached, heavy-weight.
TUESDAY
- J. Roach, Olympic Club. vs. J. Car
roll, Occidental Club, 103 pounds.
W. Johnston, unattached, vs. B. Cas
sini, unattached, 120 pounds.
T. Berg, unattached, vs. W. Dwyer,
Olympic Club, 124 pounds.
J. Gallagher. Hawthorne Club, vs. T.
Williams, Hawthorne Club, 130 pounds.
J. McClalr, Olympic Club, vs. J. Sul
livan, unattached, 145 pounds.
M. Granfield, Olympic Club, vs. P.
Sullivan, unattached, 140 pounds.
R. Lundie, Olympic Club. vs. Jack
Bell, unattached, 138 pounds.
■ H. Kaufman, Olympic Club, vs. J.
Walsh, Hawthorne Club, heavy-weight.
S. Berger, Olympic Club, vs. F. Smith,
unattached, heavy-weight. .
R. B. Cornell, the Olympic Club train
er, has been instructed by President
Harrison to spare no pains in sending
the club boxers into the ring fit for the
severest competition.
On the night of the 15th inst. the
wrestlers will have the center of the
stage. Professor George Miehling has
arranged eight special bouts at catch
as-catch-can style. Each match will be
the best two in three, and each bout of
ten minutes duration. The occasion will
be a ladies' night, so the fair ones can
see the men of brawn in action. The
matches:
G. S. Kroger, vs. J. B. Parker, 12o
pounds.
H. G. Miller vs. C. D. Pentony. 130
pounds.
R. C. Barney (Y. M. C. A.) vs. E. H.
Vanner, 130 rounds.
A. Parkwitz vs. C. Jenkins, 147 pounds.
John Simpson vs. M. Vecki, 145
pounds.
William GIndoff vs. Emil Tschumi. Io5
pounds.
• G. H. Anloff (Reliance) vs. Herbert
Duncan, 156 pounds.
IJck Eleven Victorious.
BERKELEY, Dec. 3. — The cham
pion Lick School football team de
feated the eleven of the State Insti
tute for the Deaf, Dumb and Blind to
day on 'the latter's home grounds by
the score of 6 to 5. The mutes weighed
only 135 pounds, against an average
of 160 for Lick, and surprised the lat
ter by the swift, plucky game they
played. The institute team scored in
the first half, when Baker's thirty
yard run, to within a foot of the Lick
goal line, was followed by a touch
down. Evans failed to kick a goal.
Lick's weight told in the second
half and a touchdown was secured In
a few minutes, when Snell by a trick
play got the ball and made a forty
yard run for a touchdown. Moullin
easily kicked a goal. The game was
PONIES TO MEET
IN STAKE RACE
Association Establishes a
Champion Event for the
Miniature Thoroughbreds
MEETING IS ARRANGED
Several New Owners Will
Be Represented When the
Bugle Sounds Post Call
The pronounced success of the re
cent race meeting at San ilateo of the
California Polo and Pony Racing As
sociation, both in a social and in a
sporting sense, haaencouraged the of
ficials of the association in their ef
forts to develop this interesting sport.
Announcements are out for another
meeting, also on (he private track of
Charles W. Clark at San Mateo. on Sat
urday, the Sls£ inst., and Monday,
January 2. The feature of the meet
ing will be the "champion stakes" for
ponies at six f urlong3. This will be a
sweepstakes of $50 each, with $100
added by the association.:;;.^,^
An innovation will be a race for
Galloways. This includes horses not
exceeding fifteen hands in height and
over 14 hands 2 inches.
The ponies in the stables of Ru
dclph Spreckels, W. S. Hobart, Law
rence McCreery and others are In
training for the meet. Francis J. Caro
lan has sent instructions to have his
ponies -put in training. If the great
Fusillade is ready he will probably
be sent for the champion stakes. The
colors of several new owners will bo
sported at the next meeting. The first
day's races will be:
Three-sixteenths of a mile — Top
weight 160 pounds. 2 pounds allowed
for each Quarter 'of an inch under 14
hands 2 inches.
Three-eighths of a mile — Top
weight 160 pounds, 2 pounds allowed
for each quarter of an inch under 14
hands 2 inches, non- winners this year
allowed 5 pounds additional.
Quarter mile — Top weight 160
pounds, 3 pounds allowed for each,
quarter of an inch under 14 hands 2
Inches.
Six furlongs, the Champion stakes;
a sweepstakes of $50 each, with $100
added by the association, of which $75
goes to the second and $40 to the
third — For ponies 14 hands 2 Inches
and under; ponies 14 hands 2^ inches
to carry 155 pounds, 3 pounds allowed
for each half inch under that height,
non-winners of a race this year al
lowed 3 pounds additional. '
Half mile — Top weight 155
pounds, 2 pounds allowed for each
quarter of an inch under 14 hands 2
Inches. -
The second day's races:
Three-eighths of a mile^ — Penalties
and allowances; top weight 160
pounds, 2 pounds allowed for each
quarter of an inch under 14 hands 2
Inches; previous winners at this meet
ing to carry 7 pounds extra.
Three-sixteenths of a mile — -Top
weight 165 pounds, 2 pounds allowed
for each quarter of an inch under 14
hands 2 inches, 5 pounds additional al
lowed to ponies competing at this
meeting that have not been placed first
or second.
Six furlongs. Galloway race — For
horses not exceeding 15 hands and
over 14 hands 2 inches; top weight
160 pounds, 2 pounds allowed for each
quarter of an Inch under that height.
Five furlongs, handicap for ponies — •
"Weights announced Saturday, Decem
ber 31, at 6 p. m.
Quarter mile, handicap for ponle*—
Weights announced Saturday, Decem
ber 31, at 6 p. m.
One mite — Top weight 155 pounds*.
2 pounds allowed for each quarter of
an inch under 14 hands 2 Inches.
called with the ball a foot from the
institute's goal line.
The teams were made up of: In
stitute — Moore. Cumbre. Gleason.
Cartwright, D. Sherman. Tlllman, El
mer, Evans, Hall, F. W. Sherman, Ba
ker. Lick — Crow, Hotchklss, Keenan,
Moullin. Henderson. Fairbanks. Thane,
O'Connor, Golcher. Hall, Merritt.
Jackman, Main, Snell.
Falling in love is largely the result of
a vivid Imagination.
The deepest grave won't always hide
a family skeleton.GAELIC BRINGS RAW SILK
WORTH $1,000,000.
Vessel Is Given Early Release
From Quarantine and
Proceeds to Wharf.
HAS FEW PASSENGERS
Will Soon Eetum to Eng
land, After Twenty Years
in This Service.
KOKEA OFF FOR ORIENT
TheOoddental and Oriental Steamship
Company's liner Gaelic, Captain Finch,
which, for twenty years has been pass-
Ing In and out of the Golden Gate, an
chored In quarantine Friday night,
probably for the last time. After dis
charging her cargo she will make one
more trip to the Orient and from there
return to Liverpool— back to the fold of
the White Star line.
The Gaelic -was released from quaran
tine early yesterday morning. She
brought from the Orient only seven
passer gers, but In her hold she carried
a valuable cargo. The freight Included
1451 bales of raw Bilk, valued at more
than 51,000,000.' She brought a small
shipment of tea and treasure, valued at
531,000. She had 2600 tons of cargo al
together;
She brought one passenger from Hon
olulu, H. T. Trowbridge, a chemist, em
ployed on one of the sugar plantations.
The Gaelic being a foreign ship, is not
allowed to carry passengers between
American ports except upon payment
of a fine. Trowbridge's business, how
ever, was of more importance than
5200, the amount he had to pay in addi
tion to his fare for the privilege of
traveling under an alien flag. The other
passengers on the Gaelic were Captain
A. G. Bollman. W. C. Kruegel, T. S.
Pugh, Charles Bryan, H. Mason and
Chin Yee.
The Gaelic has been out here for
twenty years. Eight years ago the pilot
ran her ashore in the Inland Sea and
she missed one trip repairing the in
juries there sustained. With this ex
ception she has had a clear record. She
has never had another accident, and
riutside of this has never been laid up a
week for repairs. Her officers declare
that she is as good a boat as the Gaelic
that came here a score of years ago.
During the twenty years she has had
only two commanders. Captain Pearne,
who died of a broken heart it Is said
poon after his vessel went ashore in the
Inland Sea. Pearne was exonerated of
all blame, but it was the first accident
in a long career and he never got over
it. Captain Finch succeeded Captain
Pearne. Finch has many friends ashore,
and if the going away of the Gaelic
means the departure of Finch there
trill be additional cause to regret the
Gaelic's recall to British waters.
Korea Sails for the Far East
The Pacific Mail Company's liner Ko
rea, Captain TV. B. Seabury, sailed yes
terday for Honolulu and the Far East.
She carried more than £000 tons of
freight and her cabins and steerage
were crowded with parsengers. Three
hundred Chinese took passage on the
hig steamship, and on the Pacific Mail
wharf 3000 Orientals gathered to bid
ihtir countrymen good-by. Among the
departing Celestials was a woman — a
slave rescued by missionaries from one
of the dens in Chinatown. As the
emancipated bond woman climbed the
Korea's gangplank a dozen yellow
hands grabbed her. and only the inter
ference cf dock officials and a Chinese
Eureau guard enabled the woman to
reach the steamer's deck. For half an
hour after she had disappeared down
the steerage compar.ionway the great
est excitement prevailed among the as
sembled Chinese, who threatened venge
ance on everybody, from A. H. Harri
man. on whose steamer the girl had
found refuse, to the humble guard
whose interference had helped to save
her from the violence of the mob.
Among the Korea's passengers were
many prominent Japanese returning to
the island kingdom from St. Louis.
She carried cabin passengers as fol
lows:
For Honolulu— L. C. Abies, L. Asiu.
Mrs. L. Asiu, Mrs. C. O. Berger, H. E.
lioswell, James K. Bulger, Mrs. J.^K.
Eulger, Norman W. Church. Edwin J.
Collins. C. T. Day. Mrs. C. T. Day and
ihree children. E. S. Elkus. Mrs.
C. Eikus. Mrs. A. S. Ellis, C.
H. B. Fowler, M. S. Grinbaum,
Mrs. M. S. Grinbaum and maid.
M. D. Hall,. Mrs. Mary D. Hendricks',
Miss H. S. Kitchen. Henry Lapp, Mrs.
H. Lapp and s-on. A. Lewis Jr., B. L.
Marx, Mrs. M. Marx. Miss D. Marx, J.
S. McCandlers. Mrs. M. Miller, Miss
i'Orange. Mrs. James H. Pratt. Miss
Kuth Richardson, Miss I. K. Richard
son, Miss E. P. Sargent, William Shep
ard, Miss Muriel Shepard. Mrs. E. J.
Stone. Miss Mildred Stcne. E. M. Tay
lor, Mrs. E. M. Taylor and two chil
dren, A. C. Thorpe, Mrs. E. V. Ward.
A. Wendroth. Mrs. A. Wendroth and
son. Mrs. R. W. Watt, P. W. White,
P. W. White Jr. and H. Wicks.
M. I. Akamatsu. H. Ana
sagasti and servant. Miss G. Atoml.
Did you see last Sunday's list of CURES? r Here is one
of the best-kno\vn % painters in the city :
"I was ruptured 28 years. Spent lots of money for trusses and treat-
ments, but with no effect until I was treated by the Fidelity Cure. After
the third treatment it wa« healed and retained, and seven treatments ef-
fected a perfect cure. I do not wear a truss now.
"F. W. GOETZE, 3729 26th St."
Our cure is painless, permanent and safe. No pay till
cured. No charge for examination. Call and see us."
FIDELITY RUPTURE CURE
1344 MARKET STREET, S.F
STEAMSHIP GAELIC WHICH HAS JUST COMPLETED HER LAST RUN FROM
THE ORIENT TO THIS PORT. WHEN SHE LEAVES HERE AGAIN IT WILL
BE TO RETURN TO ENGLAND.
Mrs. W. Austin. J. A. Campbell. Suke
saburo Doi, E. W. Frazar, Mrs. E. Fra
zar. Miss A. L. Frazar, Master E. "W.
Frazar. Miss Jane Goldthwalte, Bishop
M. C. Karris. Mrs. L. J. Healing, Miss
Hyslop. R. Kitajima, B. Kobayashi, T.
Kume, Miss E. B. Leach. A. Lewis, Mrs.
A. McMillan. K. Mitsukuri. K. Miki
mato. Mrs. E. H. Sanford. Miss L. YV.
Stebbins, Mrs. Mary Stern, M. Take
nouchfc* Rev. Xaomi Tamura, C. A.
Wheeler, C. Albert Wheeler and Mrs.
Ida Woodworth and child.
Kobe — H. D. Lazelle and Miss Camel
lia Sargent.
Nagasaki— Miss A. M. Casterson, N.
F. Drake, Mrs. X. F. Drake, Dr. A. A.
McFadyen, Rev. C. F. McRae. Mis3
Mary E. Melton, Rev. L. I. Moffett,
Mrs. L. I. Moffett, Mrs. George D. Pitzi
pios and son, Miss Clara Seaton, Mrs.
T. L. Seaton, Rev. J. L. Stuart, Mrs. J.
L. Stuart and Miss Gladys Tuttle.
Hongkong— Mrs. B. J. Adams, H. F.
Alexander, C. S. Banks, Mrs. I. R.
Banks, A. B. Burkholder, Mrs. A. B.
Burkholder, Miss C. M. Church. Misd
C. J. Cretcher, Miss Emm:
Cretc3ier, Jackson A. Due, Dr. J.
N. Force, Mrs. A. N\ Force. H. L. Ford,
Jose Galvez, L. T. Glbbens, H. C. Gray,
Mrs. H. C. Gray, Rev. A. K. Gurney,
Mrs. A. K. Gurney. Mrs. S. La Grave,
Mrs. H. .W. Langheim. Barbour La
throp, Miss Laura Lay, Thomas R.
Manus, Drummond MacGavin, < F. H.
Waeber, W. D. Wisdom and Miss Pllar
Zamora.
Join at Honolulu— W. H. Hunt, Miss
A. E. Knight and Mrs. E. J. Post.
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. J From. I Due.
San Pedro 'San Pedro 'Dec. 4
Uaflic Pan Pedro Dec. 4
H. Mcnk-a I Graya Harbor. (Dec. 4'
1'oicoca ! Hurnboldt JDec. ■»
Arctic KuTiiboiiit ; Der. 4
Chas. Nelroa. i Seattle £c Tacoma 'Dec. 5
Empire... Coo« I5ay "Dec. 5
North Fork... Humboldt JDec. 3
S. Barbara.. -j San Pedro |Dec. 8
Elizabeth 1 Coquiiie Hiver IDec. ft
Norwood i Grays Harbor Dec. 5|
EntenTis"!... Ullo |Dec. 8 1
O. W. Elder.. Portland £c Astoria [Dec. 5
State of f'al. . Pan Dirgo & Way PU.jUec. 5;
J. Hlgglna ' P^n Ptdro !Dec. «
Siberia i China & Japan 'Dec. fl
Arcata 1 C<"o» B^y * Pt. Orford.jDec. 6
Porr.o I Point Aren- «t Albion. {Dec. 6:
AUmtdl j Kono,ciu |Dec. «
Bonita ; .Wwfort A- Way Ports.U>«c. M
Wi-lllnBton...: OyttT Harbor !DfC. 7
Tlta^U rOjr»MT Harbor 'Dec. 7
Kurtka Hurcl^ldt |Dec. 7
• 'oror.a j HumUoldt |Dec. 7
Sequoia LwT.lapa Harbor (Dee. 7
LCtty Pu^bla.. i Fvcvt Sound Ports ....|Dec. 7
Aurclia Portland & Aftorla ibec. 7
K. Kosa San Di^go & Way Pts.lDe?. R
1 1'olrt Arena. . I Mendorino A: Pt. Arena'Dec. S
! Argo Kel River Ports .....JDec. 8
I i^^akwater.. I Coos Bay .'....'Dec. H
, Kcwport : X<»- via Ancon.. IDec. 8
'Centralia ] Pan Pedro \ IDec. fl
• t-axoms j Han-.burg & Way Ports. JDec. 0
. Nevadan 'Honolulu & Kahulul. .1 Dec. U
Homer i <:ray» H»rbor ...... ..'Dec. !»
1 Cook liay. fian Pedro & Way Pts JDec. 10
; Columbia.*... Portland & Astoria !Dec 10
; Newburg: Cray* Harbor !Dcc. 11
j G. LIndauer.. Hrays Harbor 'Dec. 11
; MfRi>s Seattle IDec VI
, Itainler .s<«a'tle * HeUlngham. JDeo 12
; G. Dollar Grays Harbor "Dec 12
I Ventura Sxjney & Way Ports. IDec. 1"
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports IDec. 12
Jeanle Seattle & Tacoma .IDec i*>
City Pcilng.. New York via Ancon.. [Dec 14
AD VEKTllslLYLEXTS.
THE , SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY,. 'DECEMBER 4, 1904.
• to sail.
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. Pier.
_ _ . December 4. |
Fan Pedro. Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
£ h lS°.\: • * • • Coqullle River 1 pm Pier 2
*• Kllburn. Portland & Way. . 4 pm Pier 27
b. Rosa.... San ©lego & Way. 9 amjPler U
Eurek * Humboldt 9 am | Pier 13
December 5. |
C. Nelson.. Los Angeles Ports. J10 amlPler 20
K. Barbara. Grays Harbor | 4 pm|Pler 3
Czarina Ccos Bay direct... 6 pm|Pler S
Norwood... Los Angeles Ports. 2 pmjPler 2
Redondo... Portland & Way.. 5 pm'Pler 2
Ccos Bay.. g an p e dro & Way.. 8 amjPler 11
December 6. t
Montara Seattle direct .... 4 pm] Pier 9
Elizabeth.. Coqullle River .... 5 pm'Pier 20
C. Nelson.. Lo S Angeles Ports. 10 amjPler 20
Pomona Humboldt l:S0p|Pier 8
Queen Pugei Sound Ports. 11 amjPler tf
December 7. j
S.Monica.. Grays Harbor 4 pmtPler 2
Arctic Humboldt 9 am Pier 1
Curacao Mexican Ports 10 aro|Pler 11
December 8. |
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 amjPler 11
Porno Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pmlPler 2
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier 13
N. Fork Humboldt I » amfpier 20
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portlandlll am. Pier 24
December 9. | |
Centralia.. Grays Harbor j 4 pm|Pler 10
Corona Humboldt ll:3opPler it
Bonlta Newport & Way.. | !> am Pier 11
• December 10. | |
Breakwater' Coos Bay direct... 5 pm Pier 8
Point Arcn8 p o i n t Arena . . 4 pm Pier 2
Argd Eel River Ports... 4 pm|Pier 2
Amelia Astoria & Portland 4 pm; Pier 27
Sequoia.... willapa Harbor.... 4 pmlPUr 20
Alimeda... Honolulu 11 am Pier J
City riydnej jj. y. via Ancon.. 12 m|Pler 40
December 11. I
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 amjPler 9
December 13. I
Columbia.. Actoria & Portland 11 amlPler 241
Gaelic China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
Nevadan... Hono. & Kahulul i. Pier —
Homer Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
December IS. I |
G. Dollar... Grays Harbor i 4 pmjPier 10
FROM SEATTLE. ~
Steamer. Destination. I Sails.
Cottage City.. Skagway & Way. Ports. | Dec. 3
Jefferson Skag-*~&y &.Way Ports. (Dec. 8
J-Grtland Cooks Inlet & Way Pts|Dec. In
Vnrnlloti Fkagway & Way Port».|Dec 10
Humboldt | Skagway & Way Ports. "Dec. 13
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED
Saturday. December 8.
Stmr Olympic, Hanson, 54 hours from. San
Pedro.
Stmr Mcstara, rtellly. 05 hours from Ta
coma.
Html Iaqua, Jorgenson. 98 hours from Se
attle, bound ctouth, called ln to land passen
l?rs.
gtmr Whlt?sbaro, Frederickson, 13 hours
frrm i'otr.t Arena.
Stmr Northland, Jamlescn, 37 - hours from
Ean P»-dro.
Stmr Brooklyn, Carlson, 15 hours from Men
doclno.
Stror Chlco. Martin, 45" hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Santa Cruz. Alberts, 09 hours from
San Pedro and way ports.
Schr Lily Bottger, 19 days from Umpqua.
Brig W. G. Irwln, Hansen. 13 days from
Roche Harbor.
Bktn Gieaner, Schmehl, 8tj days from Grays
Harbor.
Schr Compeer, Lapping, 9*4 days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Robert Eearles, Piltz," 9*4 days from
Portland.
- Schr Alpha, Jeneen, 10 days from Grays
Harbor.
Sehr A. M. Baxter, Isaachsen, 17 days from
Belllnrham. ■ -
Schr Conflanza, Johnson, 20 hours from Xot
leys Lanu'lnr.
Schr Lyman D. Foster, KHlman, 21 days
from Port Blakeley. -
Schr Halcyon, McDonald, 11 days from As
toria. . -: ■: -].* ■::- - -
CLEARED
Saturday, December 3.
Stmr Coos Bay, Nlcolson, San Pedro: P C
S S Co. V
Htmr Corcna. Glelow. Eureka; P C S S Co.
Stmr Korea, Seabury, Hongkong, etc.: P M
S S Co.
Stmr San Juan,' Urry, Ancon, etc. : P M
S S Co.
Stmr Northland, Jamie-son, Astoria; E. J.
Dod^e.
Ship Falls of Clyde, Matoon. Hllo;~J. D.
Srirecltels 4i Bros. Co. '
Gfr ship Stelnbek, Glertz, Newcastle Aua.;
J. & A. Erown.
SAILED.
Saturday, December 8.
Stmr Pasadena, Henrlckson. Eureka. ■»
Stmr Korea, Seabury, Hongkong, etc
Stmr San Juan. Urry, Ancon; etc. ■
Stmr Corona. Glelow.* Eureka. • '
Stmr Signal, Bendegard, Coos Bay.
Htmr Arso. Dunham. Eel - River. .•'".'.
Stmr Point Arena, Miller. Mendoclno.
Etmr F. A. Kllburn, Thompson, Astoria.
Stmr Phoenix.'. Odland, ' Eureka.
Stmr Northland, Jamleson. Portland
Stmr Cella. Relnertsen, Albion. " i\
Stmr ■ Iaqua, Jorgensen, Sen Pedro. '
Stmr Newaboy. Lee.- Crescent City.
Br.'Bhip Loudon Hill. Boyd, Sydney '
Br ship County of Inverness, Gray Sydney
Br ship, Achnashle,, Lonjrmulr,' Sydney ■
Br ship Peleus, Shapland, Liverpool. ■
Ship Falls of Gtyde, Matson, : Hllo.
Schr Repeat, Wilson,. Grays- Harbor.
Schr • Ivy, LindauiKt, - Coos Bay. ■
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Dec. 3. ; 10 p. m.— Weather
thick; wind NE; velocity . ♦ miles per hour —
■' ~"r r , •;■■:. - spoken .".;;>•:--.;- j ■
Oct 0, in lat 51 S, long 65 • W, Br ship
Cblltonford, from Hull, for. San 'Francisco. -.■
Oct 19, on the equator, ;' long 24 W," Br bark
Inveramsay, ■ from Antwerp, • for -Victoria,'
v«Per BChr Lyman D. Foster — Nov ' 29, -: in i lat
A essa^ c to en Who Want Strength:
_ % pS^^^Sa|By|B | HAVE perfected a new Belt, better and stronger than I have ever made be- ILj§
(P^S'^HHBHBH ' iore y a belt which will transform the weakest, puniest specimen of "half u\Mu ii
jl J: ]^gfflH|S|m man" into a perfect cyclone of strength, and I want every man to use it I want «^\z
1hMh bUBBI imM a { . est case< Therefore, I offer $1000 in gold to any weak man who will use |kifj
iJUUlfe J^^^^^^raS this Belt under my direction for four months and then show by examinatioa of (M^
j an Y reputable physician that he is not cured, sound and welL
TrTrrT# This is especially directed to men who have doctored for years wShcmtg %*
uMl S^^MMHBB ;bene^ lt - W3nt men wltn Rheumatism. Pains in the Back, Weak Kidneys*
w*^*Hs Sciatica, Lumb: go, Varicocele, Prostatic Trouble (I cure by a new method), Lo- S\U\\
f 1 comotor Ataxi *, Torpid Liver, Indigestion and Dyspepsia. Afl of these trosbtes
-«j|Ttjp l^mWSir m chronic form I can cure with this new Belt, even after all other treatments S jS
jjliiji have failed. To every weak, debilitated man who wears this new Beit I give xfrmfjff
WwiJS This attachment is made for the purpose of treating all special ailments of men. and assures a cure of all waste ofF?p*UX
'• T p strength, early decay and debility. Its current is invigorating and wonderful in power. jr^ \IL
P> ,. |<. y° u can calh come and see me, and I will show you my new Belt and prove to you that it is a wonderful device.£l Jj$'
Mp*"-*^ You can feel the Rlowing current of life that flows into the weakened nerves. I will show you letters from your own neigh- vrtfnj&Y
■ w^ bors telling how I cured them. I have over 50.000 testimonials in the past 21 years. M 1 7
/^_r<^ *— you cant call, write, and I will send a book describing my new with letters from many grateful men and J (^
/' ITT f\ women. If you write send this ad and I will send the book, sealed, free. Cut the ad out and act to-day. l^r^Wk
yP U NEVER SOLD iN DRUG STORES OR BY AGENTS. ¥ jg
y dr. m. c. Mclaughlin, 906 Market st. s^nSSeii. %|jf
1 TTT Office Hours: 8ka.to8o.rn. Sundays. .10 to 1. Seattle Office. 105 Columbia street. 1.0s Aujrelcs Offioe. 129 South Svxinz Street. fill!
42 S long 127 W, schr Melancthon, from Coos
from Umpcjua Dec^3-
Dee 1 Id Ut 40 10 N long 125 25 W , schr
Aibim. from SlUBlaw River, for San Fran
cisco. (All well.)
DOMESTIC PORTS
TACOMA— Sailed Dec 2— Schr F. S. Red
fleld. for Tcpolobampo.
EVERETT.— Sailed Deo 2— Schr Snow &
Burgess, tor San Pedro. -
PORT HARFORD — Sailed Dec 3. 5 a m —
Stmr Bonlta. for San Pedro.
Sailed Dec 3— Stmr Santa Barbara, for San
r FORT°BRAGG— Sailed Dec 3 — Stmrs Bruns
wick and National City, for San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES-Salled Dec 3— Ger
ship Carl, for Portland. Ore.
BELLINGHAM— Arrived Dec 3— Br ship
Balmoral, from Seattle. • - .
Sailed Dec 3— Schr Willie R. Hume, f or Val-
EUREK A— Sailed Dec: S— Stmrs Pomona,
Arctic and-H. C. Wright, for- San Frandeco.
Arrived Dec 3 — Schr John A,-hence.Nov 27.
PORT TOWNSEND — Arrived Dec 3 — Schr W.
F. Garros, from Manila. '
■ CRESCENT CITY — Arrived Dec 3 — Stmr
Mandalay. hence: Dec 1. . -
BANDON— Arrived Dec 3— Stmr Elizabeth,
hence Nov. 30. ; ' , - - .- ■ , < . '
ASTORIA— Sailed Dec 3— Stmr Georee W.
Elder, for . San . Francisco: Fr bark Asle, for
Queeristown. . - . •
Arrived- Dec -3 — Schr G. W. Watson,' hence
Nov 17; stmr George Loomis, hence-. Nov 30.
REDONDO — Sailed Dec H — Stmr Robert Dol
lar, for San .Franc!«co. .
TATOOSH — Passed Dec 3 — Schr J.»H..Luiw.
mann, from Port Blakeley, for San Fran
cisco; 'Br ship' Llndfield; from Chemainus, for
Melbourr^; stmr Rainier, hence Nov, 30, for
Belllncham.
Passed Inward Dec 3 — Stmr Umatilla, hence
Dec 1. for Victoria.' -- ... . . . . ..
JUNEAU— Sailed Dec 2— Stmr Portland, for
Seattle.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Dec 3 — Schr ■ Ruby,
from Coaullle River. ....'■■ • ■■
Sailed Dec 3 — Schr Lucy, for Siuslaw River.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Dec 3 — Schr Fred
J. Wood, for San Pedro; schr Edward R.
West-, for Sydney; stmr Norwood, for San Pe
dro; schr Henry Wilson, for San Francisco.
SOUTH BEND — Arrived Dec 3 — Bktn Arago,
hence Nov 26.
COOS BAY— Arrived Dec 3— Stmr Alliance,
from Eureka. ,• . . , . ,
ISLAND PORTS
MANILA— Arrived Nov 29— Br stmr Indra
wadl, from. New York. . ..
FOREIGN PORTS
SINGAPORE— Arrived Dec 2 — Span stmr C.
Lopez y Lopez, from Liverpool, for Manila.
CAPE TOWN— Arrived Dec 2— Dutch ship
Troop, from Sundswal.' "
DEAL — Paired Dec 2— Br ship Thistle, from
Hamburg, for San Francisco. .
MOLLENDO — Sailed Dec 2 — Br stmr Capac,
for Callao.. - -
MARSEILLES— Sailed Nov 26— Br stmr Vul
can, for BoJrton.
CORONEL— Sailed Nov 29— Br stmr Nema,
for New York. ,
VICTORIA— Arrived Dec 2— Ger stmr Her
manicus; .will load 600, ton.s " of salted dog
salmon ' here for Japan before proceeding to
the Sound to complete cargo.
Sailed Dec 2— Jap stmr Iyo Mam, for Ta
coma: stmr Lyra, tor Tacoma.
NEWCASTLE. Aus.— Sailed Dec 2— Ship
Henry Falling. . for San Francisco. Dec 1 —
Ship Emily Reed, for- Honolulu.
SAN BLAS — Sailed Dec 2— Stmr Newport,
for Sun Franct'sco.
HONGKONG— Sailed Dec 3— Stmr China,
for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Dec 3— Stmr St Paul,
from New York. .
NEW YORK— Arrived Dec S— Stmr La
Touralne, trom Havre.
Sailed Dec 3 — Stmr Furnessla, for Glasgow;
stmr* Philadelphia,- lor Southampton: stmr
Grat -Waldersee, for Hamburg; stmr Mesa'oa,
for London: stmr Campania, for Liverpool.
Arrived Dec 3 — Stmr Etruria, from Liver
pool and Que^nstown. t
HAMBURG— Arrived Dec 3— Stmr Hamburg,
from New York. <
COPENHAGEN -7 Sailed Nov 30— Stmr
United States, for New York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Dec 2— Stmr Victo
rian, from New , York.
Sailed Dec. 2— Stmrs. Bovic and Lucanla. for
New York. -
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Dec 3— Stmr New
York, for New York.
ANTWERP— Sailed Dec 3— Stmr Zeeland.
for New Tork. . -
HAVRE— Sailed Dec 3— Stmr La Lorraine,
for New York. ■ - .
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Dec 3— Stmr Ryn
dam, from New York.
Sailed Dec 3— Stmr Rotterdam, for New
York.
GENOA— Arrived Dec 3 — Stmr Caaoplc, from
Boston. "* *» > £<swwB*GS*i885SBp
YOKOHAMA — Arrived prior to Dec 3— Stmr
Doric, from San Francisco, via Honolulu, for
Hongkong. .
Memoranda.
Per schr Robert Searles. from Portland, Deo
3 — Had strong SE gales Nov. 24 ■ carried away
main caff and mainsail; on 28th, oft "Cape
Blanco, passed through about 40 M lumber
Per brie W. G. Irwln. from Roche- Har-"
bor Dec 3— Nov IS hadheavy SE gale-after
leaving Roche Harbor, blowing away mainsail
Rnd topsails, and ■ shipped several heavy , seas,
which washed ; away the skids from under the
boats and " started the forv.-ard house.
' Per BChr A. - M. Baxter— Had succession of
SE gales for 10 days.
Per schr Lyman D. Foster— Nov ' 25, In lat
43 40 N. long 120 10 W, passed through a
lot • of lumber •■ for about 3 miles. . Nov 20, ■ ln
lat 42 N, long 127 W. figurehead carried away;
blew away: flyinsr Jib ■ forestayeail and broke
deck lashings. ■.' —~:-:
- LONDON.. Dec. 2. — Br stmr Inverness, from
Tacoma, . previously reported ashore at Moro
ran must discharge portion of her carg-o; pros
pects of floating. the, vessel good; a survey. will
be made. . ■■''*> ' ■ ■ :
Large Ca rgo for . the Orient.
; , ; The x ' steamer i: Korea sailed , yesterday : ' for
Hongkong, and way' ports via. Honolulu .with ;a
general J merchandise cargo valued at ' ; $705,201,
exclusive of • treasure, and . to , be distributed a-«
follows : -I For ; Japan. ': I006.C53; \ China; i JSS.447;
Korea. $3535: Philippine Islands . $«lfj East
Indies $R60; Slam. $290. The following were
rells 15 cs leather. 3576 bales
cotton. 04SS kegs 256 cs nails. 315 «•*» *»',?*"
silver. S320 lbs ealted hides, C9..J lbs dry k-p.
.100 pkgs machinery. 110,460 lb-. tlnplate. 400
bdls steel. 40,000 lbs spelter. 15.C55 »>9 »" ar «"f;
151.140 lt» tan bark. 512 lbs wire. 1010 bbl,
flour 34.3.T2 lbs sugar. 20 ctU barley, 199 pkss
table preparations. 54 r'— s fresh fruits^ Sb5 c
assorted canned Roods, 4." pkgs crocerles an<_
provisions, 80 palls prepared fruit, 1144 pils
wine 33 cs whisky 430 lbs cheese. 70O0 lbs
raisins. 2160 lbs lard. 2225 lbs butter 250 cs
canned salmon. "C8 Ib3 chocolate. 24Si lbs l c^
dried fruit 772 lbs coffee. 52.220 lbs dried
fish, 2543 lb» ham and bacon. 12 pfcrs «y
goods, 37 pkgs bicycle*. and sundries. Al p.<gs
bicycles and parts. 30 bales cotton domestics.
CO pkgs. radiators, 20 pVgs brass tubes. 41 pkgj
drugs. 37 colls rope. 33 cs arms and ammuni
tion 32 pkgs plumbing material. 50 cs electri
cal "supplies. Jl cs machine tools. « cs boots
and ehoes. 42 bxs soap. l'JIO lbs asphaltum. 4
reels. wire rope. .
To China— 67CS bbls flour. 1137 pkgs groceries
and provisions. ISO pkga fresh fruit?. 360 cj
canned salmon. 363 cs assorted canned goods.
38.071 lbs beans. 4372 lbs ham and bacon. 44«*8
lbs '23 cs cheese. 870 lbs raisins. "2.529 lbs
dried shrimps 10.064 lbs pearl barley. 1.^0 lbs
codfish. 600 lbs 11 ca bread. 50 bbls beef 22 rs
table preparations, 2125 lbs drltd fruit. 1j»i)
casks beer 3U gals whisky, 105 gals wine. 4u03
lbs ginseng. 9 pkgs pipe and fittings. 8 bJis
brass. 4 bxs dry goods.
To Korea— 25 cs whisky. 91 pkgs groceries
and provisions. 6G0 lbs lard. 50 bxs paste. 2 bx*
fre?h fruit. 20 pkgs electrical supplies. 26 pes
3 pkgg Iron castings. 1 cs dry goods.
To Philippine Islands— 750 cs canned salmon.
2 pkgs. machinery. 4 pkgs electrical supplies.
To East Indies— 3S1 cs assorted canned Roods
1C0 cs canned salmon 3G0 gals wine, o bbls 20
half bbls beef. V
To Korea— 30 ca canned goods. 28 cs table
preparations, 320 lbs codfish.
Time Ball.
Branch ' Hydrographlc Office. XJ. S. X.. Mer
chants' Kxchange. San Francisco. Cal..
' • December 3.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
i e at -noon of the 120th meridian, or at &
p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U. S. N., ln charge.
Sim, Moon and Tide.
United- States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at . Fort Point, entrance to. San Francisco
Bay. Published by oftlctal authority of the
Superintendent.
NOT&— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 23
minutes later than at Fort Point: the height
of tide In the same at both places. .
SUNDAY. DECEMBER 4.
Sun rises....... 7:10
Sun sets 4:50
Moon rises 4:06 a. m.
0 ITlmel iTime) |Tlme| Time
» |.__| Ft. I [ Ft, I Ft. ( 1 Ft.
•» |L W| IH WJ |L W ]\l WJ
"I 2-23' 2.11 8:47 COi 3:30!— C.2!1O:1C1 4.6
5 '»•'»» 2.3! 0:30 6.114:16—0.7111:14 4.7
0 3:53 -2.6 10:13 . 6.2 5:02-0.9;
■ H W L W H \V |L W
7 006 4.7 4:40 2.9110:5.'. 6.0 5:47 — 1.1
8 0:5C 4.S 5:24| 3.0ill:35 5.S| 6:31—1.0
• NOTE —In the above exposition of the tide*
the early morning tides are given ln the left
hand column and the euccesslve tides of tho
day In the order of occurrence as to time: ths
fourth time column gives the last tide of tha
day, ■ except .when there are but three tiie.-s. a*
sometimes occurs. . The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus < — )
sign 'precedes the height, and then the numbtr
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts.. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Ileayy ; Seas Sweep Brig's Deck.
The brig.W. G. Irwln," which arrived
yesterda'y from Roche Harbor with a
cargo of lime, encountered a heavy
gale on November 18 soon after leaving
Roche Harbor. Her mainsail and top
sails wer blown away, and some heavy
seas thaf came on board washed the
RAIIAVAY TRAVEL.
ROSS VALLEY, '
MILL VALLEY,
i^^^^^i CAZADERO, Etc.
via Sausalito Perry
SUBTJUBAN SEH VICE, STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from Sain Francl«co, dally, at t7:05.
7*45 S-25 0:10. 0:30. 11:00 a. m.: 12:20. 1:45.
3:15'. 4:35, 5:15. 5:50, 0:30. 7:13. - 10:15 and
ll:35"p. m. - *
Xrrlv- -at San Francisco, dally, at .tB:-*O,
7:35'. 8:13.- 8:30,'. 9:33,'. 10:30 a.'>m.: 12:10. l::j«.
2:53! 4:25. -5:05. 5:42. 6:22, 6:57. .7:40 ami
11:25 p. m...
tPally except Sunday.
i For Fairfax, daily. at.:45 a. tn.; also Sat-
urdays at 3:15 p. m..' and dally except, Satur-
day and Sunday at 5:15 p. m. ,
THROUGH TRAINS. -
7 -45 a.' m. dally-^-Cazadero and way stations.
3:15 p. m- Saturdays only— For Cazadero.
etc. • .■>•. ■ - ■'■■-■■.
5:15 p. m. dally, except Saturday and Sun-
da v. for .Tcmales, etc. < '
TICKET, OFFICE— CSO Market st. '
■ FERRY— X'nlon Depot, foot of Market St.- -
ADVERTISEMENTS.
skids from under the lifeboats and
started the brig's forward house.
♦
San Juan Sails.
The Pacific Mail Company's liner San
Juan sailed yesterday for Panama and
way ports. She carried about 2100 tons
of cargo and twenty-seven cabin pas
sengers. Among the latter was Louis
Kaiser, American Consul at Mazatlan..
RA1L.WAY TRAVE3C*.
j CAUror^XuMlTEl^
|CHICAGO T |N 3 DAYSi
'3 LEAVES DAILY AT33OA.M.M
3 Vvt * rM OIN£RSAND3LEEP«R5^
Other Santa re Tralsit
I : in *' S" 1 Fot Stockton. Fresno. Bakerafleld.
8 :C0 p.' m!J Merced. Hanford and Vlsalla. .
4:00 p. m. For Stockton. .
8:00 p. m. For Kansaa City. Grand Canyoa
and Chicago.
Ticket Offices — «41 Market »t. and Ferry Depot.
Ean Francisco: also 1112 Broadway. Oak.
land. Cal.; al*o 27 South 1st. San Joa*.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN BY. CO.
Tib area Ferry, Foot of Market Street.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SA2T EAPAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 9:00. li:0O a. m-: 12:33.
3:30. 5:10. C:3O p. in. Thursdays — Extra trip
. at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:10 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDA YP-^9 :00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
5:00. 0:S0. ll:30p. m.
SAW SAPAEL TO SAZT 7BAH CISCO.
•WEEK DAYS— tf:05 7:33, 7:60, 9:20. 11:14
a. m.; 12:50. 3:40, 5:00. &:2U p. m.
Saturdays— Kxtr*. trip at 2:03 and 8:38 p. m.
SUNDAYS —^:00. 9:4i». 11:13 a. m.; 1:40. 3:K>. I
4:M. 3:05. «:23 p. m.
Leave J- 'In Effect'. J " Arrive'
San Fran. . I Oct. 2. 1904. f San Fran.
Week I Sun- I Deattna- ■ I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. I . tlon. ■ | days. | Days.
7:30a 8:0Oa • »:10a| 8:40a
3:30 a Ignaclo. 10:40 a 10:20 a
S:30p 3:.*U>p 8:05 p 8:20 p
6:10 p fi:0Op . \:3S pj
I 7:30 a 9:10 a 8:40 a
8:00 a Novato. 10:40 a 10:20 *
3:30 p 0:30 a Petnluma 6:05 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 3:30 p and - 7:33 p
| 5:00 p Santa Rosa.
7:30 a! 10:40 a 10:20 a
S:00a Fulton. 7:33 p 8:20 p
3:30 pi 3::t0p ■ -
Windsor.
7:30 a 8:00 a Heatdsbuir. 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
3:30 p 3:30 p Geyservllle. 7:33 p 8:20 p
Clovf rdals.
7:S0a|8:uoa| Hopland ]1O:4O a|10:20 a
3:30 pi 3:30 p! and Uklah. | 7:33 p( 6:20 p
■ I I Wllltts and . I T
7:30 a) S:00a{ Sherwood. | 7:33 pf 8:20 p
7:30 a| »:00a| 110:40 a!10:20)a
3:30 p| 3 :S0 p| Guernevtlle. |7:33p{6:20p
7:30 al fi:00al Sonoma. I 9:10 a] 8:40 a
5:10 p| 5:00 pt Glra Ellen. I 6:03 p( 6:20 p
"7:30 al 8:COa| 110:40 a|10:20 »
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Sebaatopol. | 7:35 p[ «:2O p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for Whit* Sulphur
Strings and Mark West Spring*; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs: at Geyservllle for SXagm
bprlnics; at CloverdaU for the Geysers. Boon*.
ville and Greenwood: at Hopland for Duncan
KprinKS Highland Springs. Kelseyvtlle. Carli-
bad Springs, Eoda Bay, Lakeport, Bartlett
burins* ' and L«ke County Hot Sprincs; at
Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoea Spring.
Blue Lak«-». Laurel Dell Lake. Witter Sprlars.
Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley. John Day's
K»v<r»ide. • Llerly's. Bucknell" *. Sanhedrln
Hetghts. Hullvllle. Orr's Hot Springy. Halfway
"House. Comptche.- Hopkins, Mendoctno . City
fort Bragtf, Westport aad Usal: at WUUts for
Fort Brass. Hearst and Sawyers: at Sherwood
for Cahta. Covelo. Laytonvllle. Oammlan
B«II's Springs, Harris. Hubbard. Fruitlandl
Dyer, Garbervllle. Camp 3. Pepperwocd. Scotia
and Eureka. . . .
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at r».
duced rates. ; ■ "
On 'Sunday — Round- trip tickets to all points
beyond . San Rafael at half rates. ■
Ticket office. €50 Market street. ChronlcU
JAS.'l. FRAZIER. R. X. RTAJJ.
Gen., llanacer. Gen. Pass. Art.
Mi% Tamalpais Railway
Lt. Saa fraacaeo - -^^^JL^ Ax. Ssa frucuc* ;
yk. Etji.. SaadlyT fflfiRWM&L "Sai^P Trt7j*jT
- » :35^^^S»*^ 1:30 ' '10:50a
9:50a »:5O A \^^*5Sf 3:55p S:53r
l':45*i»**l l*;-t5pl 6:32t» "'"oTgap
S»:a«l»Tj -l:33p xSjr SatanUri ll:12p
■.•■■■ *Tia Granr/ Ctt Y> «t Taaalpafr t» Kig Ttllsy
TICXIT } 650 Markbt ST M (North Shore Railroadl
UFiCIS J and Sausauto Fexxy. Foot Market St.
at t6:4O
/*V^fT!T7)^\ to arrlT* ot
ffi^^^zj 8AN FRANCI3CO.
\ v\—^^ JflJ t »o* OcroaxB A 1901
V^^^^P^/ Fss»t Dzpot
<7oot of Market Street )
!.>«»« - MAIN LINE. — AKaira-
7 00a v«««Tine. Winter*. Kunuof.. 7 60*
7.00a Benlela. Etmlr» aad 9»cr»meato.. 7.20<*
7 -30a T»lleja. X»p». C»lN*oc*. Samta
Uosa. Martinet. S.tn Ramon 8 20»
7 30a Ntlem. Tracy. Ltthrop. Stoclc:on .... 7 23»
8C0ASh»s:t P.ipreM— (Via Darist
William*. Wlilowi, tFrata llei
Bluff. Por:i»n-t. Tacoma, Semtlt 7-50*
8 OCa n*T)»,Wcwx'.;»nJ, KaUhu Landtac.
MarysTlile. OrovlUa 7-50»
8-30 a jfArttaez. Aatioeo, Bjroa. Tracy.
Sto«<cton. K«wm»ii. Los B«n"«.
Mead^ta, A,raioaa, llaaford.
VliklU. i»ortorrril» *.70*
8 30* Port Cotta. Modeito. Merced.
FrMoo, Oott.-n Jn action, U»o-
fonl. Vlmila. Eakertfleld 4.50*
8 30a Nile*. 9»n Joae. Llrermnre, Stock*
ton, (tMlltno). lur.e. S»cr»raeat(\
MaryiTtltf. Calco. KeJ Bltt3 .... 4.20»
8 30 a Ottd»!e. Chin»«e. Jameitown. So
nora. Taolamuf aad AnceU ..... 4-Z0*>
9 CO a A tiantlc Ezprea*— Oiulen snd But. 5-20*
8.30a Richmond. Martlnex and Way ' ' „
Suttoaa 850»
10C0AThf <)v?rl»nd -Limited — *'(rd«o.
Omab ». Cnleaga, Denr «r. Kaaaa*
City. 8t. Louii ~ S.20»
IOJJOa Vallejo 1Z20»
ICOOa Lo« Aiii'!«« PMienger — Port
Coita. SUrtlaex. Byroa, Tracy.
Lathrojv Stockton. Mereed,
Kaymond. Fresno. Ooahen Junc-
tion, Hanford. Lemoore. Ylaalla.
BakertCeld. Lo» Anxelea 7.20»
12.00%. Hayward. Nllet and Way Statloaa. i- 20*
ti-OQp S*erameau> Rlrer Ste»tn«n.. 1114)0*
5 -3C<" Beatcia. Winter*. SaeramenMk
Woodland. Knlghta Landing.
MaryiTlllc. OroTllla aad way
* (tatfona 1350*
5?0p Hay ward.Ktiea aad Way Statlona.. /.SO*
S 30p Port Co»t», SUrtjD»i, Byr»«, Tracy,
Lathrop, Stockton, Modesto.
Xerced. Berebda, Fretao and
Way Sutlom beyond Tort O«ta 12.29*
4 CCP M trtlaei.Snn RKmcn.Tallej0.5ap*,
CailatOKa,SaaURo*a. ... 9-2uA
4 COs» Kllea. Tracr. Stockton 10 20*
4.3C»»H»r»»r(!. Htlea. lrrlagtoa. Saa I JS.SOa
Joae. Lttersior* | til 50-»
6X0* Tae Owl Limited— Vc»Q«a, La*
Banoa. Hendoia.Preana.Talarm,
- ■ BakertSeld.Lo*Am«le«. .....~ 8.50*
IS 30p Hay ward. Mirs and Aaa Joa* .— — 7.20*
60Cp;iayward.KIleaand5aaJo*e. I-5O*
•■OOP Eastern Ki ,>r-M— Otna&t. Calcaxo.
Pfciter. kaatas City. St. Loala,
' " llarslaez. Stocktoa. Sacramtnux
Colfaz. Keao. sparki. MaauUa.
. -. Oidea ....:;..; *., ;25C»
f .00* Yalleto. dally, except daaday.... I «■*.
7-OOp VaJIeJ*. Sunday only f '- 6BP
■ 7 JO* Kichmoad. Aaa Pablo,. Part Coata, .
Martinez and Way cUattoas...... . 11-20*
/.OOPSeno Pa4»n»j-r — Part C»»ta. B*>
._ f , nlcla. - Soltan, Elmlra. Dtxoa,
Daris. Sacrament", Sparks. Tono*
paa. Ceeler and War Stallona... 7-MA
I OSp Orecoa * California Exprett— S»o-
mnento, MarytTllle, . Reddtsf,
Portland, Pngtt Sovad aad K»it. 8-SQa
V.IOp Hayward, KQca andSaa Jo>o(oaa-
dayonly> 11.80a
COAST LINE <-tarr« w «a«M>.
(Foot of Murfcet Street.)
B-16A Nfw*rlc CenurTilJe. 8aa Josa,
Feltoa. Boalder Creek. Santa
Croi aad Way Seattoat 5 55*
12.15* Newark. CeaterrlUe, Saa Jom,
Kew Almaden.Loa Gato«.Feltoa.
Bonlder Creek. Saau Crtu aad
Principal War 8utloa» ttO-S8a
4-18* Newark. Saa Jote,'Loa Gatot...} : ]f||j
«9-3Cp Bflaten' Trala (Satarday »nlj>—
* Saa Joae and Way Stattona J7.28*
COAST LINE (ltro*4 »«a.«»).
tyqhlrd »n.t T»wa<tud Streeta.)
8.10A Saa JoteauU Way Sutloat. 8-30*
7-OOa »a» Joae and Way Stations.* 640*
8 00a Kew Almaden (Ta-i.. Frld.. only). 4.10*
8-OOATke Coastflr— Saa Jose. Salinas.
Ban Artto. Paso Roblet. Santa
alarsartta. Saa Lois Oblipo,
Ooadalnpe, GaTtota. Santa Bar-
bara, San BneaaTentara. Moa-
talvo. Oxnard. 11 urban k. Loa
Angeles. 18.30*
80CAG!truy. HnUlster. Cstamtlle. Del
Monte, rselflc Crore, Surf. Lonv
poe tOJO*
8.00a *•« Jose. Tres P!nos.Wat*onTi:>,
Capitol*. Banla Cruz. Paclfla
Grore, Saltnas. San Lnls Ublspo
aad Principal Way Stations. ... 4.10*
10-ICa Ean Jos* aad Way Stations.. ....... 120»
II 20a San Joae aad Way st»t|on*. ....... 7..A0»
2-16P »aa Joae aad Way Station* 8 33*
• XtP Del Monte Rzpreas— Santa Clara.
han Joae. W * t s a a r 1 1 1 e. Santa
LTaz. Del Mobte. Hob terer.
raclfle6roTe 12-18*
1|4H)p Loa Gatos. WrUbu Bouidrr Creek.
Santa Cruz. tU Santa Clara and
Karruw Osu^o ; t10-45A
S-SO* Valrncla St.. South 3aa Fraactsco.
Burliurame. SanJoie, Gllroy,
llolllater. Trt««l»lnra ; 1D4*A
4.30* -an J"«<* and Way 6uttoas t3 CO*
tBXCP Santa Clara, saa Jvmp. Los UatO*.
aa<i "rtnelpal Way sutlonstex*
cept Sunday) T9-00*
ISIOp bBBjoaeaaai'riaelpnlTrayararlons {3.43*
• b <6p tantrt Kxprrss.— KrUwowl. Saa
Juse,Gllruy.Saltnas.PastiKoblea.
ban Lda Ubfspo. i^anta Barbara,
Loa An«-!»«. iTmlnsr. Kl l'*»<x
et-Lou'«. JiewOr»esas,JfewTork 8 10*
6^45* Pajaru. Wstionvllle. Capltola.
cant* Cms. CaarroTtll*. Del
Monte. Psclne (.wvt ., 10.30*
16-15? * *>~ H«lco.i>rr<fortl.i;<-i:nont.Sao
Car'.oa. K«.iwiwl. T»U tMka.
MealoPark. PaiuAlto tS-11*
8 3?* f»n J«>»« and Wa? Station*. „ 6-36*
8X0*1**10 Alto and Way Station* 10.15a
11.30P S»uil»s»ol'psni-|.iro. M (librae. Bur-
llBiCauie. ban Mateo. i:«-:niunt,
tfa» Carlua. Ke4wun<t. F»tr Uaka,
I Memo Park, aod faioAllu f9-48*
} a1130» M*JfceId. :i<>unt«ln View. Minny-
: » »ii>, Lnwroace. Santa Clara aad
| Sin Joae. ..-■■.... t±45m
' A for tluruiotc P tur A tteroooa. "™"
1 iBanday excepted tSaadayoaly
> * Saturday only.' * Monday only.
/ ibluM at all stattoas oa 8naJay t
4142
JOIIX I). SI»Riy_KELS._._. • Proprietor
Adcress Cornxnunicutior.s to
jK)HX M.cX AUGHT 1
\V. J. MAICT1X .... Business Manage;
TELEPHONE.
Atk for aUt CALL. The Operator Will Con-
ntel You With the Department You Wish.
Publication Office Market ar.<l Third. S. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 ;o 221 Stevenson st,
Delivered by Csrri<n=. CO Cts. Per Week, 7:
Cts. Per Month. .Single Copies 5 Cts.
Terms by Mail. Including Postage (Cash v, Itr.
Order) : '
r>AILY CALL nnclud. Sunday). 1 year...$8.0(
IjAILY CALL Unclud Sunday). < mos... 4.OC
DAILY CALL— By Single Month 75<
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year 2-£<
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year r I- 0 *
FOREIGN' f Dally. . .$«.8O Per Year Extrs
L!r.^ | Sunday. 4.15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. | Weekly. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZEE
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Sample Ccpies Will Be Forwarded When r
Requested.
Mall subscriberc in ordering change of ad-
«re«« should be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS in' order to Insure a
prompt and correct compliance with their re-
«ucac
OAKLAND OFFICE:
l0l« Broadway Telephone Mala 1082
BERKELEY OFFICE: ,
S148 Center Street Telephone North Ti
Washington correspondent:
fAMUFL W. WALL Hotel Bartor
KEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Asteria Hotel: A. Brentsno. 31
Cston Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-evenu«
Hotel and Hoffman House.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Sat Francisco Call,
corner Market and Third suvts; open until
12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
1008 Market street. oppoelU Fifth: open until
•27 Montcomery etreet. corner Clay; open until
6:80 p. m.
tOO Haye*> street: oi>en until »:30 p. m.
K» McAUieter street; open until 9:30 p. in.
■16 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1M1 Mission etreet; open until 10 p. m.
IOC Eleventh etreet; open until 9 p. m.
lOW Valencia «reet; cpen until 9 p. m.
X^crtbeaBt corner Church and Duncaa streets;
cp«n until i p. m.
*200 Flllmor* rtreet: open until 9 p. m.
EEAL ESTATE— CTTY — FO» SALB.
EAGE. DEALEY A CO..
63S Market St.. opp. Palace Hotel.
Houses Rented. Rents Collected.
$3»,000— Fillmore-st. investment; improvements.
4-story building; rents $225 per month;
under lease; positively one of the best
propositions ever before offered; investi-
gation invited.
$25,000 — A large holding: an extremely large
lot on Oak St.. running through to Hick-
ory ave., near Franklin; improvement*
consist of 2 large buildings containing tl
flats renting for $170 per month; this
property is only one nlock from Market
and will be worth double its present
value inside of one year.
$22,000— Business ccrner; 2 stores and 6 flats;
only $10,000 cash required to buy this
propertj-; mortgage of $12,000 can re-
main; $1284 per annum over and above
the interest of mortgage.
$20,000 — 50-foot frontage on 4th St.. near Fol-
som; nominal Improvement?; the only
large holding in this block.
$38,800— Reduced from $20,000; 100 feet front-
age on Market «t.
$12.500— Fell Ht.. near Van Ness ave.. 1 block
irom Market sU; 27xl2O feet through to
Hickory ave.; 2, substantial frame build-
ings; rent nominal. $(500 per year; watch
this portion of the city enhance in value.
$9,750— Positively the greatest bargain ever
offered on McAllister at., near Franklin;
:.'7:tixl20 feet.
$8,250— 3 beautiful f.ats on McAllister at.;
rent $70 per. month; no reasonable of-
fer refused.
$7.75<V— 2 beautiful flat* of 5-8 rooms on
Lyon tt.. near Park panhandle; rent
J?C2 40 per month.
$6,750 — A handsome 8-room residence, bil-
liard-room, attic, etc.; near Park pan-
handle. .,-."
$4,250 — A large holding on Twenty-ninth st.;
37:6x114 feet; improvements consist of
a beautiful 5- room cottage, bath; also
stable; MlE^ion-Ft. cars pass the prop-
erty; mortgage $1500; no reasonable cf-
fer refuted.
$4.000 — Rents $42 50 per month; excellent lot.
32:C-fo<»t frontage: 4 tenement flats;
murt be sold immediately. -
$3.000— No reasonable offer refused; 4 flats,
from 2 to 6 rooms; rente $34 per month;
permanently rented; best portion of
North Beafh.
$2.200— Sacrifice in building lot; Seventeenth,
near Market.
gAGE. DEALEY & CO..
638 Market St.. Opp. Palace Hotel.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE COMPANY.
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
$30,000—35x120 to rear street: Sutter St.. near
Larkin; splendid location for stores or
apartment-house.
$12,000— Noe st.. near Duboce ave.. 25x150;
thr»e new flats, renting for $110 per
month.
$7,500—25x107:6; Sacramento St., rear Spruce:
3 modern flats of 5 and 6 rooms and
bath; renting for $60.
l£zlZT:V\i — Pacific rt., near Pierce; unsurpass-
ed marine \-iew; house of 8 rooms and
bath; should he seen to be appreciated.
*2«,000— Comer Clay et. and Central ave.: *.
new. sunny, artistically finished flats of
from 5 to 9 rooms, renting for $205 per
month.
$11,000 — 25x80; 4th St., near Folsora; Improve-
ments consist of 2-«tory house, with
etore and fiat above; there has been no
vacancy In the last 4 years.
$4.000 — 2Sxl25; Stanyan st., between 17th and
18th; house cf 9 rooms and bath.
$9,000 — 27:6x100: Steiner St.. near Union; 3
modern fiats, renting for $80 per month.
$8,230—25x125: Clayton Bt.. near Frederick-
well built, modern residence, 10 rooms
and bath.
$1,509—72x107 feet: win subdivide: corner
Lake st. and Eleventh ave.; one of the
most desirable corners on Presidio
Heights.
$30,000—40:9x137:6; north line of Bush st.,
near Mason; Improvements consist of a
lodging-house renting for $150 per
month. .
B. GETZ. Room 22. " Chronicle bldr
OWXER and " DEALER.
Flneet Graded Ocean Beach Block on Sal*
Between 47th and 4&th Avenues
Lot» Graded and Fenced trj Grass Bottom!!!
$400 up Elegant View Easy Term*
$100 to $350. .Ocean Heights Lots!!!. $8 a mo.
$330 to $1200. Sunset Heights and Boulevard
Lots.
Richmond District Level Lots!'!
Graded. Sewered. Gas. Water. ... Easy Terms
$300 to $500. North of the Park Lots— $5 » m o.
$150— Excelsior Homestead Building Lot-
Best and Cheapest In City— $5 a Month/
$100— Ocean View Level Lota to Build— $5 mo.
$1000 to $3000— Cottages and Houses on Terms.
Call at my office, room 22, second floor
Chronicle Building.
DOLAJC CO., Owners,, Builder* Bayers and
Sellers of Real Estate. " nW1 Bna
24 Montgomery st, Tel. Bush 857
Vacant city lots wanted in exchange for cot-
tasre* or fiat*. Pee Dolan Company.
$300— Nice lots near 23th and Mission sta •
ready to build on; $5 monthly installments "
We Tv-ill f*ll yon a lot arid -fouiM you a cot-
tage en eayy terms. Dolan Company
$1500— A choice level lot, 30 feet frontage on
Angelica «t.. near 19th and Valencia- side-
walks and street work done; an Ideal lot for
flats.
Do you own your lot and in need of money to
builri? If so. we can furnish it. • Dolsn Co.
f 1750 — A chance for a good Investment In
those two almost new flats on 2d ave near
California «t.
Beautiful Berkeley home, central location-
also vacant Berkeley lota for Rale by Dolan Co
$3000 — Corner Etore. with 5 nice rooms; on
the bert bUFinees street in the Mlrsion.
We have left two or those new 6 and 7 room
<ottage« on west ride Noe St.. 2W> feet ftouth
of 19th: all modern- improvements; an Ideal
home. . Dolan Co
DO YOU WANT TO MAKE MONEY?
Buy a lot in the city of Richmond. Just
across the bay. where the Standard Oil Com-
pany, Santa Fe Railroad and other big cor-
porations are spending millions of dollars
LOTS ONLY $5 PER MONTH.
Call for map*, free. ' - •"
RICHMOND LAND CO., Crocker bldg.. S. F.
BUSINESS CORNER FOR SALE ..
Nice downtown corner, brick building: leaned
$75; pric* S10.2D0, perhaps less. Particulars
office JULIEN SMITH. Real Estate Agent.
420 Montgomery st.
MUST tell— Sunny 7-room house; artiRtlcaily
nniBhe«l inside; marine view; Ashbury
Height*: $4500. Box 1234, Call; teUPsge 6741.
I SEAL ESTATE — CITY — rOB SAIiE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
AUCTION
AUCTION
. AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
Of Investment, residence and unimproved
property will be held at our salesroom, 20
■ Montgomery B t.. Tuesday. December 0. 1904.
. at 12 o'clock nocu
,__ _ „ REFEREE SALE.
J ,./ r r*-'- 9 San Carlos ave.. east line, between
j Kisnteenth and Nineteenth sts.; 4 flats of 3
rooms each; rent $45 per month; lot 23x80.
„ NO. 2.
Tenth ave.. between X and P sts., being lots
14, 15 and 10 of block 210 O'Nell A Haley
tract.
I ■ TRUSTEE SALE.
| _ By order of U. S. District Court.
I 1JG3-5 Fulton St., between Baker and Lyon;
J modern flats of 0-7 rooms and bath each:
wou^Id readily rent for $55 per month; lot 25
. „ TRUSTEE SALE.
«13 Union st.. between Kearny and Mont-
gomery; cottage of 0 rooms and lot 22:6x02:6.
HOWARD-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
lOtS Howard St., NW. line, between Sixth
and Seventh; improvements consist of store and
3 flats of 6-7 rooms and bath each; rents $87 50;
lot 25xtK>.
WESTERN ADDITION CORNER.
SE. corner Grove and Buchanan sts. ; Im-
provement* consist of store, flat and two-
story dwelling; rents $C4 per month, which are
low; lot 31 :3x72.
CHOICE FLATS FRONTING PARK.
S48-50-52 Stanyan St.. east line, between
Waller and Frederick sts.; 3 very desirable
flats of 7-10 roomB and bath each; rents $?5
per month: nicely -located and overlooking
Golden Gate Park; lot 25x100:3.
OAK-ST. FLATS.
«29->4 Oak St., and 332-H Lily ave., be-
tween Laguna and Buchanan sts.: 2 flats of
5-4 rooms and bath each and 2 cottages of 3
rooms each; rents $G0 CO per month; bank '■
morttrage of $3500 at 0 per cent can remain;
lot 25x120.
misxa-st: investment.
C22 Minna st.. NW. line, near Seventh; 2
I tla.tr of 4-5 rooms and rear house of 2 rooms;
I rents $37 per manth: lot 25x75; a splendid ■
I held Ins for Income and future enhancement;
bank mortgage of $2500 at tt per cent can re-
main.
RICHMOND PROPERTIES.
SE. corner Twenty-seventh ave. and Clement
I et.; size COxltO.
i NO. 2.
j North line of Point Lobos ave., near Twen-
I ty-seventh: 27:6x100.
MENDOCINO COUNTY RANCH.
{ ~1CO acres en a county road. R0 acren redwood
j and sugar pine. CO acres tillable and balance
I pa:-ture land; suitable for ?tock ranch: plenty
of aecrns; watered by living stream and
springs; fine marine view; no buildings; 8
miles from steamer landing, 1 mile from Point
I Arena Hot Springs.
j For further particulars anC catalogue apply
I at our office.
: G. H. UMBSEN A CO., 20 Montgomery st.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 20 Montgomery St.
! Real Ertate Agents and Auctioneers.
i $35,000 — Rents S27CM.I per annum: Sutter St.; a
| ■ well built three-story building used as a
private boarding-house; lot 25x137 :fi.
$28.000— Rents $3000 per annum; Haight Bt.; 6
well built flats of 7 and 6 rooms and
bath; less than a year, old; owner an i
absentee; X splendid buy; lot 50x100. j
' $18,000 — Rents flECO per annum; Larkin St.; ;
f ■.--. 3 new modern flats of b and 7 rooms;
and bath; .14x75. ■ i
$15,000 — Rents $1500 per annum; near Geary
j.' r ; and Laguna sts.; 3 modern flats of 6 and
7 rooms and bath each; 27:8 ft. front.
-^$12,000 — Rents ?1230 per annum; Guerrero st. ; !
3 modern flats of 6 and 7 rooms and j
bath each; lot 25x130; bank mortgage of |
: $«(HX) can remain. j
i $9,7f- — Rents $1020 per annum; Dolores st. ; j
2 good buildings containing 4 flats of 5 i
'■ and 4 rooms and bath each; rented low;
let 50x125: a snap.
$7,500 — Rente ?C50 per annum; Howard Bt.,
near Sixteenth, 2 modern flats of 6
rooms find bath each and rear cottage of j
2 rooms; lot 25x100; building alon? '
worth the money. •
'■ $6.000 — Kents ?G(K) per annum; near Fillmore i
and Vallejo. 2 modern flats of 0 and 7 I
rooms and bath each; lot 25 ft. front.
f $5,CoO — Near Seventh and Mission sts. ; rents ,
$528 per annum; 2 modern flats of 5 and |
4 rooms and bath and finished base- i
. rnent; suitable for another flat; bank !
mortgage $2500 can remain.
i $4,750 — Rents $510 per annum: Treat ave.; 2 ;
desirable flats of 6 and 5 rooms and i
hath and stable in rear; 2 frontages; lot
: 25x112:6. :
j $3,20(J — Rents $420 per annum: near Eleventh '
and Folsom; Improvements consist of j
■1 welling; 2 flats and stable; large lot :
64x81. ;
$2,250 — Near Army and Guerrero sts., a well j
; built cottace of 4 rooms and bath; lot i
: 25 feet front. ■
j $1,750— Fair Oaks street, 2 desirable building ;
lots surrounded by choice residence; 23x
! 120 each. -
; For further particulars of the above and for
. the Real Estate Record, containing a list ot
j properties for sale in all parts of the city, In-
. quire at our office. ;.,!:••--■
G. H. UMBSEX &.CO.,
I . - - . ... ■ .20 Montgomery st.
i Real. Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
C. M. WOOSTER CO..*. 648 MARKET ST.
I $35.000 — 24 modern flats, baths, good mantels,
: etc.: In the best of condition; fine plumbing;
" good roofs, foundations, etc: rented to a su-
i perior class of tenants for $3000 per'annum;
on Seventh st.: 100 feet front; pays over 10 i
t per cent as it Is, and by assuming the mort- '
i gage of $12,000 It will pay over 12 per cent !
I per annum. j
( $15.000— Worth nearer $18,000; 27:6x120 to
Olive ave.; Ellis -st. property, east of Van
| Ness; good substantial building under lease.
$11.500— Three handsome, new, up-to-date flats I
on Union st., near Jones; magnificent marine
view; always rented; pays $1260; lot 27:6x
120; a grand buy. •- - - -
SC500 — Modern residence, 11 rooms; on Bush st.,
near Fillmore; will easily remodel into flats
at a small expense.
I $4750— Rents $540; 2 splendid flats, 4-6 rooms
and bath; near cottage on Greenwich St.,
near Laguna.
$4000—114 blocks from Market and Fourth ets.,
surrounded by 6 and 8 story buildings; 4
good fiats; rents low; $480; the land alone is
worth $4000. This is one of the big snaps
; that is very rarely offered the public.
I $3,500— RenU $456; 0 well-built flats, near 9th
and Harrison sts.; lot 25x85; joins the Xlnth-
[ st. frontage; a great buy.
j $1400— An Al building lot on Mission St., near
Highland ave.; 25x111:6; visit this neigh-
K. borhood and eee the building going on.
j C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 648 MARKET 8T.
i A SPECIAL SNAP.
MUST BE SOLD.
! $5500 — Large 10-room residence on Howard St.,
close to 17th: never before offered for sale;
lot, 25x100, alone worth the asking price; Im-
provements can easily be remodeled Into
flats; a big turn can be quickly made on this
great bargain.
C. M. WOOSTER CO..
64S Market St.
LOTS $10 PER MONTH.
LOTS $10 PER MONTH.
LOTS $10 PER MONTH.
PRICE $350 EACH.
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
CASTRO ST. "? .- - ..
DIAMOND ST.
GLEX AVE.
DOUGLASS ST.
SURREY ST.
CHEXERY ST.
SEE THESE LOTS TO-DAY— 51 HOUSES
BUILT AND IN COURSE OF CONSTRUC-
TION ON THIS TRACT.
WATER MAINS LAID. STREETS GRAD-
ED, SEWERED AND MACADAMIZED. ALL
READY TO BUILD OX. OXLY A FEW
STEPS FROM THE CARS. COXVENIENT
TO STORES. SCHOOLS AND CHURCHES.
TAKE GUERRERO-ST. CARS, GET OFF AT
CHENERY AND CASTRO STS. REPRE-
SENTATIVE ON GROUNDS EVERY DAY.
$500 CASH. BALANCE SAME AS RENT.
NEW COTTAGE. MODERN. UP-TO-DATE,
6 ROOMS AND BATH. AXDOVER AVE.,
XEAR MISSIOX-ST. CARS.
RIVERS BROS.. 205 MOXTGOMERY -ST.
MARINE VIEW LOTS. ~~"
50x107:6; SE. corner 47th ave. and C st
32:6x107:6; SW. corner 46th ave. and C it.
23x107:0; east side 47th ave., between C
ar.4 D (Fulton) sts. ' • ' -
25x120: on 46th ave., between C and D sts.
These lot* want to be seen to be appreciated;
! only half a block from the Fulton-st. entrance
I to the park; 2 blocks from the beach and 3
blocks from the Cliff House. .
; Easy terms. Interest 6 . per cent. For ln-
. formation apply to "' .
■ WE1SSBEIN BROS. A CO., Owners
616 Sacramento st. *
! SEVEN new homes In the course of-construc-
I tlon, all sold. This is a pretty good showing
! Isn't it? It Indicates that the lots we have
! for sale must be desirable and that our terms
j are fair and reasonable. Our. Interest rates
i are the same as bank rates. 0 per cent; your
|\ rent money will pay for the home and we
! treat you squarely by building for the same
price as if you had all the money to pay
for It.
If you wish to do, your own building we
will sell you a desirable lot on easy terms;
we have them In all parts of the city to
select from. Our method of business .brings
us trade, as those; we deal with recommend
WEISSBEINBROS. & CO.
HOMK PROVIDERS. I
lilti Sacramento > st.
$7750— IN VEST in Mission warm'belt; new 3-
flats building, tf rooms and bath; income
' $870 per annum; 2 frontages; fine renting dis-
trict: Capp ft.,' near 26th.- HENRY FEIGE,
- Imll'ler and owner, : 1068 Capp; st.
I A FINE lot, nlze 40x145, feet, for sale cheap,
j 1710 San Jose ave., city. V .. -
, FOR sale— Nicely • furnished ■ house,' .' 12 . rooms.
233 Third et.
/HE DECEMBER 4, 1904;
JSEAJi ESTATE—CrTY— rOB SAXE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
25 POST ST.,
HEAL ESTATE AGENTS.
Rents Collected. 'Taxis Paid.
Send us your name and we will. forward
you a booklet called "Buyer and Seller." giv-
ing a tuli list of choice real estate holdings
oflered lor sale.
?i,800— Steiner st., near Geary; fine, house of
7 rooms " and" bath, in good condition;
newly painted; modern plumbing. The
very thing you have been hunting for.
$10.000— Fell gt.. near the electric line; 2 flats i
of 6 rooms and. bath each and a stable
for 12 horses; large lot, 50x137:0; rents
for $80 per month; stable lease 2 year*
to run. . , ...
$5,500— Two fine lots, 25 by Irregular depth,
on Van Ness ave. This is worthy- of
investigation. •
$23,000— Elegant modern residence of 12 rooms
and 2 baths In one of the most deelr-
! able locations on Washington at.; lot 50x
; 127:8; hardwood floors; marine view.
$20,000— Vicinity of 14th and Mission; six new
modern flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath,
renting for $170 per month, and always
rented; lot 50x100; flooded with sunlight
and surrounded by car lines.
$S,000 — Six elegant new flats of 4 rooms each;
every room light and sunny; at a bar-
gain; within five minutes of Kearny and
Market sts.. near tith; rents $81 per
month; three-foot brick foundation; mod-
ern sanitary plumbing; cement side-
walks; patent water closet, etc. «
$9,250— Sacramento- st. corner, close in: etore
and lodging-house of 15 rooms and bath;
; rents for $72 50 per month; In fine con-
• . dition; modern plumbing, etc.
$€,300 — Harrison st.. in tho warm belt of the
Mission; 4 new modern flats of 4 rooms
. and bath each; fine lot, 30x120; rents for
I $72 per month; neat little investment.
$o,000 — Nice cottage of 5 rooms and bath on
Fourth ave., Richmond District; fine lot,
*23;«xl20; convenient to the cars.
$2,750 — Baker et.. near Golden Gate ave.;
choice lot, 25x121; in fine neighborhood;
street work all done; ready to build.
$7,000 — Fine lot, 58x128, on Jackson St.; choice
location; reduced from $7250 for a lim-
ited time. Just the place for beautiful
residence or flats.
$6,000— A Bplendid Investment; 6 flats In the
warm belt of the Mission; lot 50x100;
jents for $C0 per month; modern plumb-
ing.
$3,000— Post st., north side, near Broderlck;
- ., :.. -.-. 25x137:0; 3 level lots, ready for build-
ing; street bituminlzed.
$SG,000 — BUth-st. business property; two front-
• ;- ages, three stores, three rooming-houses
and three new flats on rear St.; rents
for $600 per month.
i $11,500 — Pierce st., near Haight; three new flats
j -..' * -; of 7 rooms and bath each: $10,000 mort-
, gage can remain; rent for $97 50 per
month; this is a snap. 1
OSCAR HEYMAN, 14 POST ST.
; PARK AND OCEAN BEACH LOTS.
. On 28th ave., bet. J and K sts.
• H3d ave., bet. J and K sts.
I 35th ave, bet. J and K sts.
; 43d ave., bet. L and M sts.
44th ave., bet. K and L sts.
47th ave., bet. J and K sts.
46th ave., bet. P and Q sts.
4Sth ave., bet. T and U sts.
I Any of these lots on $5 monthly install-
< ments.
. Visit to-day our branch office on the Ocean
! Boulevard and P st. Our representative will
j ehow you some of the choicest lots in that lo-
' callty; they are level, fenced and command a
' srand view of the ocean. -
1 - ' ■ , < .
j GOLDEN GATE PARK AND SPRECKELS
LAKE LOTS.
I Only a few of these most beautiful lots for
' sale; destined to be among the finest residence
: lota in the city; Fulton-st. electric car line.
i when extended, will pass this property; easy
\ terms and low prices.
: 4bTH AVE.. BET. 1 J AND K STS.
2 magnificent lots,#all fenced, including 4
1 sets of cars; can be bought on easy terms.
; ; ■ - .
I PARNASSUS HEIGHTS.
! Cbeaj lots on 3d ave/; easy terms; street
I bltumlnlzed: cement sidewalks laid; cars only
half a block away.
w ,-,'' MARINE VIETW-LOTS. '" -Vv.V- : : -
'"26th ave.. near West " Clay st. ; all' street
work done.-. , • :, .. ■»
■■■ 'V ■•'■ ■"
EXCELSIOR HOMESTEAD. ti
$160 to $400 each; choice lots, close to the
cars: S5 monthly. -•- • . • • ; 1
LOTS NEAR THE BAY SHORE LINB.
Only a few left: $250 each: Mr. Green, 5-
Mile House, will show them to you. .
KEW 4-ROOMS AND BATH COTTAGES^
2 new cottages now building: each on 60x1 00
I ft.; M block from the San Bruno car line;
j terms like rent.
NEW COTTAGES IN THE MISSION WARM
1 BELT. • ,
Small cash payment and easy monthly pay-
ments will buy beautiful modern story and a
half cottage now being completed on 25th St.,
near Vermont; 1 block from the cars.
1 y — — — •
HEYMAN TRACT.
Only a few lots left on 22d. Douglass sts.,
View. Hoffman aves. and Corbett road; -very
cheap; very easy terms.
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post st.
HOAG & LANSDALE,
J08 Montgomery Street.
■ Second-st. corner, near Bryant; lot level and
! ready to build on; 45x98; old Improvements;
! sure to Increase In value; a fine buy; price
$10,000. __ -
WILL TRADE
WILL TRADE
For vacant property as part payment: 3 fine
new flats, half block from Golden Gate Park;
built by day labor; lower flat leased 2 years
for $32 50. middle flat leased 2 years for $33;
upper flat will bring $35 easily; lot 30x100:
price $11,000.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
3 new, modern flats near Duboce ■ Park; •
rooms and bath each; lot 25x125; rented for
$90; this is a good property; price $9730.
See Fifth and Sixth aves., against the Pre-
sidio wall; grading is done and bitumen street
work being done; get first choice In this beau-
tiful property;, no flats; large lots.
TWO BEAUTIFUL HOMES.
TWO BEAUTIFUL HOMES.
TWO BEAUTIFUL HOMES.
TWO BEAUTIFUL HOMES.
On the corner of Willard and Parnassus aves.
Two new, artistic residences just completed.
9 rooms and bath each; both lots are corners
and have 50 feet frontage; take the Ellis or
Haight st. cars and transfer to Masonic ave.,
which car will bring you to the property; price
$8000 and $8500; be sure and see them.
Beautiful marine view home; must -be aol4
on account of owner leaving the city; view is
unsurpassed; lot 34:6x137:6: very artistic; S
bedrooms: price reduced to $13,000; this prop-
erty is positively a bargain.
A splendid Investment en Ellis st., - close in ;
2 frontages; new, modern brick building of 00
rooms offered; guaranteed lease of $600. per
month: big bank mortgage can be secured;
price $80,000.
Send for our list of fine building lots in all
parts of the city.
HOAG & LANSDALE. ;
108 Montgomery st., S. F.
$1600— COTTAGE— 6 r. and b.: Valley and
Sanchez st.; corner; rents $14 per month;
terms. attaEs8M-Sgfragffi»jw!ffigMi'T.'Higg«^'
$l,P50— New cottage; 4 r. andrb.: 308
China ave.: $350 down, balance $16 25 per
month; like rent. ■■ . ' • - , ., ■
$2.600 — New eotta*«; 5 r. and b.: 277
London st. : $600 . down, balance $27 '•■ per
month. • . . '
$3,4C0 — New 8-room house on Prectta ave.,
near Mission; $500 down, balance • $30 per
month. ■ • ' '--.:•
COFFIN. 2628 Minion, near 21st.
POST st., between ; Octavia and Laguna. lot
25:10x120 ft; running; through to rear j street;
Improvements consist of 2 cottages; excellent
location ■ for modern flats: $7500: -. terms. ■. ■ ■ .
Oceanside. : cottage; ■■ a bargain; • neat 4-room
cottage on Forty-eighth ave..-lot'25zll4; $1700;
$100 cash, balance like rent; price reduced for
quick sale." •; • ■' f- . :
W. N. RUSSELL,., >.
801 California St., San Francisco, Gal. x
$3800— BARGAIN. /
•A chance to buy on the installment plan as
cheap as paying cash; a' new 7-room -house,
artistic ' design: high basement, brick ; founda-
tion; 2 toilets,* 2 mantels; combination gas and
electric fixtures; stone sidewalk; In fact every
modern convenience. Key at office. .W. . M.
LACEY, 419 Clement St., near. Sixth ave. .
$5700 — IF. you' want ■• a ' 7-room '■ modern V home
you cannot do better;; take' Masonic-ave. car
a nd pet , off at - Shrader.' st. ; owner on the I
premises.-. 1047 8hrader; st. . ' . ■ - ; : j
GOOD income property;: north side of
■st., bet. 8th and Oth. The North -American
Realty and Bond Co.." 916 • Market i st. \; a
$9500— INCOME $1020; "■ tax * paid ;j 4 flats/ 3
; : blocks , from Market st. : 1617 Market . st. ;,. V -
; STANDARD, portable > shower ' baths ■ sold \ by
Ahlbach i Mayer, plumbers. 836; Howard at.
EEAL ESTATE — CVTX— FOB. SALB.
WILLIAM CRANSTON A CO., "" \
Successors to.R.-D Cranston & Sons,
114— Montgomery. Street— 114. ...
BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$27,500 — Adjoining an important transfer cor-
ner; stores under 5-year leases; brand
new- buildluf.-; paying $200 per month;
!arge trontaffe, full depth: splendid
business center; net built to sell.
/ ______ _^
EDDY STREET CORNER.;
$5,5C0 — Good-looking flats, containing 6 and 7
; rooms and - bath. Improvements alone
cost $5,000.
.„ ■ . 'PANHANDLE RESIDEXCE.
$7,000 — Beautiful 9-room home, furnace, elec-
tric light, etc.
NORTH CORXER OX JACKSOX STREET.
$8,250— Old Improvements; renting for $t>8.
Excellent lot. 67:6x137:6.
RESIDENCE LOT.
$9,000— On boulevard at entrance of Pan-
. handle; majnlflcent lot, 55x110.
FOR HOME AND INVESTMENT.
$15,000— Three beautiful flat* In choice West-
ern-Addition neighborhood, 6 and 7
rooms; lot 27:6x137:6, near Flllmore
and Fell.
FILLMORE STREET CORNER.
$11,250 — Substantial I Imorovements; year and
half old; renting for $90.
INCOME PROPERTY.
$9,000 — Four small circular x bay window
flats; rented for $82; unusually well
built.
LEASED STORE.
$7,750 — Five years' lease at $65 per month;
occupied by well paying business.
STYLISH FLATS.
$7,500 — Six rooms, not far from the Pan-
handle, north side of street; modern
in every detail. . •■• ' «/
$7,250— Rent $73. Three good flats, 6, 5 arid
6 rooms; on lot 25x100. Inside of 15th
fct., and north of Market; main Bt.
STORE AND FLAT.
$5,500— Cut from $7,000 to make quick sale;
closing estate; established business.
SOUTH' OF MARKET.
$5,350 — Four 4-room flats, not far from 7th
and Howard; Improvements in excel-
lent condition; yearly rental $648.
SMALL INCOME PROPERTY. 1
$4,300— Substantial, new plumbing; renting
for $42 50; lot 26x115; north of Market.
Offer wanted.
NORTH SIDE RESIDENCE. |
$8,500— Attractive Pacific Heights residence,
cloee to Pacific ave. and Buchanan;
11 rooms; furnace, etc.; lot worth close
to $6000; 25x112:6. '
., _™ CHEAP LOT.
$1, i00-^Make offer; fine level lot, 25x137:6,
on car line, Carl st.. near Clayton.
WILLIAM CRANSTOX A CO.. ,
114— Montgomery street— 114.
SPECK & CO.
I 209 Montgomery St.
felling. Rents Collected
Leasing. Insurance.
.,-« ~^ INCOME PROFERTY.
$1,5,000— -Markft ftiul Turk sts.; fine 6-story
brlc,k building; eecured lease $10,500
year; make offer.
$110,000— Splendid main corner. 100x140 feet,
looking Into Kearny st. and Bush;
rents $7500 year.
$100,000 — Choice business property on Ellis st.,
not far from Mason; good Improve-
ments; lot 57x137:6; stores and lodg-
ings. /
$75,000 — Montgomery-Bt. corner, close .to Clay;
6 - per cent, r
$78,000 — Grant nve. ; i corner close to Sutter
St.; splendid brick building.
$42.000— Post and Taylor lets.; 2 frontages;
40 feet front.
$23,500— Swellest_W. A. corner;* rented low
at $170 per month.
$23,600— Fifty feet on Post st.; close In;
$15, COO mortgage can remain; pays 7
per cent net. *
$20,500— Polk st.; 2 stores, lodgings above;
$152 50 month; mortgaged $10, CO 1 ,),
which can remain; snap.
$17,500-r$2064 year rent;- good ■ business prop-
erty, fronting 2 main streets; 8000
- square feet; snap.'
$17,500— Splendid 30x137:6 building lot. now
rented with old improvements $90 mo.;
.„„ .^close to Ellis and Leavenworth • sts.
$17,500— 60-foot corner, near 6th St.; fine im-
,,n. r ..J >royemeTlta - P ays over * 200(> >«ar.
$13,260 — New flats close to Golden Gate Park;
rents $137 -50 per month.
$12,900 — Fine buildings; Jot ' 41x137:6; Pine
st. : splendid location. ■*'" ■"
$11,500— Three fine Hats on DevleaderoTit. ;
rents $100 per 'month.
- -- •-, ■.-.:- RESIDENCES/ '•
$15,000-^Plne stt-lot. C8:ltxl37:«: magnificent
residence. 11 rooms and bath.- • •
$11.000*rElev«'n' rooms and- bath on Scott st.:
- close to Haight." t .... - . ,.
$10,000— Close to Golden Gate Park; U rooms
and bath: north side, on Page et. -
$9,000— SW. corner Sutter and ; Scott sts ;
fine 10-room residence; lot alone worth
$7200; very cheap. •-.-•- .
We have a large list of fine residences.
LOTS.
$35,000— 137:6 square; unsurpassed marine
view. , . ■
$20,000— Splendid 30-foot corner In the whole-
sale section; can make secured lease
with new building for $250 month
$6,750—50x137:6 feet; Pacific Heights.
$4,600 — 50 feet on First ave.- boulevard' close
to Lake at.
$1,600— Sixth ave.. close to Park; 30 m!n-
utes from Market and Kearny sts.
SPECK A CO.,
£__; 209 Montgomery st. :...'"■-
A. J. RICH A CO., REAL ESTATE AQEXTS
112 MOXTGOMERY STREET.
$10,000 — Mission st. Investment; near 4th- lot
40 feet front.
$12,500— lOth-st. corner, near Valencia st.; 93x
114:6; fine business location.
$10,500 — Cost $11,600;- marine view flats; just
completed; separate entrances; rent
I $82 B0. :
$16,000— Broadway residence; 10 rooms and
.;.~v batn: lot 37:6x126; near Buchanan st.
$4,600— California st.; lot 27:6x132; near
Baker. '
$10,000 — Clay-st. residence, near"- Devisadero;
lot 37x127:8%; house of 10 rooms and
bath.
$12.000— Vallejo.st. marine view lot; 60x137:6;
near Lacuna. • , '■
$21,000— Folsom-st. Investment; bet 5th and
6th; lot 60x90; stores and flats above;
fine Income.
$11,000— Pacific ave., bet. Van Xess and Frank-
lin; lot 30x132; houee of 7 rooms and
bath. .
$6,600— Flats; Scott st.. near Ellis; rents $660
■ per year; lot 25x»0.
$27^000 — Mission and 24th sts.; corner lot, 126x
. „ ,,« A 117:e> t0 rear: street; 3 frontages.
$12,000— Broadway and Taylor Bt.; corner, 27:6
.« 12 5. : 3 Montages: residence and cottage.
$9,500— Devisadero »t,; corner lot. 35x100; fine '
location for flats, and storee.
$1G,COO— Broadway residence/ near Buchanan:
lot 68:9x137:6. i
$5,600— Two new flats, near Park; rents $50
per month; lot 25x100.
$4.500— Golden Gate ave. ; 2 new flats of 5
and 5 rooms and bath; rents $40 per
month;- lot £3x137:6.
$10,500— Marine view corner; lot 45x133; can
never be obstructed: on car line."
A. J. RICH & CO.,
112 MONTGOMERY STREET.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
Do you realize that the growing city of San
- Francisco has 1 only a small area : of
Ocean Beach?
Astounding prices will be obtained for lots
fronting the ocean In near future.
We offer the only ' graded lots fronting right
. on boulevard- . ocean and park. '■ ■■?*- «.-i
$450 to $1000— Unobstructed ocean and park
view. : Lots on ' easy « terms.. None . like
them In this city. Selling rapidly at
our low prices and terms. Don^t
miss this opportunity; '. see .
them to-day.
$100 to $350 — Xear park and ocean; $5 monthly.
Get off car at our Ootanstde branch office on
corner H et. and 47th ave., open dally
and . Sunday.
$300. to $1100— Choicest Sunset • and Richmond
' lots. - On. installments. -'
$100 to' $400— Level Excelsior Homestead lots
Near cars. $5 monthly. •■>>
$1250 to $3000— Modern cottages - In Sunset.
• ■ Richmond, Oceanside and Mission;
easy terms. '
- SOL GETZ ae SON, Owners . and Dealers.
Room 64. fourth floor, .Chronicle bldg.
$7200— SUTTER st.: two flats; everything up-
to-date: first-class bargain; sunny side of
street: best buy In the Western Addition.
McEWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery st.
POINT RICHMOND LOTS.
The best ; place - to ; buy ; a 1 lot * to-day
Coming Plttsburg of the West.
. Great manufacturing center. ,
Best ■ opportunity offered on ' the coast.
$5 monthly."; Lots level.
McEWEN BRO3..;118 ; Montgomery st.
$75OOv-FIXE residence ; ' marine . view; ' on Green
> . nt: : -; also t Vallejo st. lots ; ■ see ■ owner. •■ 2778
: Union st.. -, ; ';: ....- ..,.;■ ■ -
HOUSE," -lot;: Shipley; st.';? sell same as rent
• T Box; 1624. > Call ,; office.':. ■»%?""• ' •
LOTj 140x125 -J gift ' No." 3; very cheap. 'Address
, ; Owner,; 2247, Cedar, str ; Berkeley.- : - »
FOR ' sale-^-6^room ■ cottageand ; bath.': 41^ Rich-
• . land-avenue. Owner onj premises ,.:'
J ' HEAL ESTATE— CITY— FOB SALE.
I SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO.;
218 and 220 Montgomery St.,
Mills Building.
$12,500— Washington st., near Spruce; grand
marine view; lot ; 68:0x127:8*4 feet.
$6,500 — Larkin corner, near Lombard; grand
marine view of Golden Gate and bay;
lot : 25x105:9 feet.
$3,500— Rents «55 a month; 4 modern flats. 3
and G rooms and bath; always rented;
» this property Is positively a bargain at
$6500; near Valencia ana 14th sts.
$35,000 — Mason-st. corner— Rents £231 a
month; 5 stores and 6 flats; rents can
b* increased to ?291 a month; choice
location; 137 feet frontage.
$17,500— Valencia at., near 22d; best block on
Valencia st.: 64 ft. front, with two
stores and one dwelling; rents SfcO; this
Is gilt-edge.
f MARINE VIEW.
EXTRA LARGE LOTS.
Overlooking the Golden Gate; 27th ave.,
ncrth of Lake St.; these lots especially
adapted for homes, being 37:6 ft. wide
by a depth of 120 feet; price $1300 each;
or terms; street work and sewer com-
pleted. Agent on land Sundays to show
lots.
$12,000— Pays $125 a month; small street
j V- x- - south of Market near Sixth; rents can
I be raised; lot 50x117:6 feet: fine "In-
vestment.
$15,000— Ellis st., near Polk:- substantial Im-
provements; lot 27:6x120 feet to rear
/ street; fine investment.
$7,000— Shrader st.. near Carl; flats, 5-7
rooms and bath; just finished; every
modern convenience; rents $60 per
month; both flats leased; lot 25x100 feet;
an exceptional bargain.
$5,700— Shrader at.,; near Carl; Panhandle:
residence just, finished; every modern
improvement; .'7 rooms and bath; lot
25x100 feet; very artistic.
?25.000 — Beautiful . marine view residence on
:;• Washington st.. near Locust; thorough-
ly modern in every respect; containing
all up-to-date conveniences; lot 63x
POPE TRACT.
ELEGANT RESIDENCE LOTS.
CREAM OF THE PANHANDLE PROPERTY.
SITUATE ON COLE. SHRADER. GRA.T-
TOX AXD ALMA 8TREETS.
FIRST SUBDIVISION
Streets and lots graded, macadamized and
sewered: every lot ready to build on. For
further particulars, prices, etc.. Inquire at our
office. Special inducements offered to builders.
$17,000 — Second-st. corner, nr. Harrison; 70x
vf .v- ,95: fine site for modem business build-
ing.
Get a copy of our printed list of properties
for sale.
SHAIXWALD. BUCKBEE A CO..
218 and 220 Montgomery st.. Mills bldg.
THORNH A KILPATRICK.
312 BUSH ST.. near Montgomery)
BUSINESS PROPERTY— Choice Locations.
$20,000 — McAllister Ht., near Van Xe*s aye.:
40x100; first-class improvements, 2
stores and 2-story flats above.
$10,000 — Fine corner on- Flllmore st.'. near
California; 27x85: store and bay win-
dow flat above;. 2-story house on rear
of lot; northeast corner.
$41,000— Turk St., near Market; 25x137:6; ete-
«.: . gant new .building, 33 rooms; a bar-
gain. 1
$42,000 — Turk-st. corner, near Van Ness; 77:6
x80; improved. j
$17,500 — A choice corner, 2 blocks north of
, Mcrk«t, in retail district; 137:6x137:6;
would subdivide.
$137,500 — Turk st.. near Jones; 137:6x137:6;,
would subdivide.
. RESIDENCES.
$2,975 — Well built, modern house; 6 rooms;
porcelain bath; near Geary st. cars.
$2,750 — Cottage, 5 rooms and bath; corner lot
29x100; on Twenty-fifth st. ; monthly
. payments.
I ',$3.000— -California St.. near Laurel: house, 6
i '-■-;_ rooms .and. bath;' stable; kit 27:6x132. ■
$7,000 — Green it., near Gough; 8 rooms and
bath, finished basement.
$14,000 — Xear Fillmore and Green sts.; ele-
- gant residence, 11 rooms and bath, ' all
' 'sunny; marine view that cannot be ob-
structed; large lot, 60x137:6; lawns and
' ■'• V flower garden; all In perfect condition.
Buchanan St., - between Broadway and Pacific
ave.; 11 rooms, -2 baths: hardwood fin-
ish; marine view; lot 34x100; beautiful
house: swell locality: . positively must
be sold for what It will bring; let us
know what It Is worth to you; this Is
an exceptional opportunity to get a fine
nouse at a bargain.
. LOTS.
$3,500 and up — Lots 27:6x137:6; Van Xess
ave.. Green and Union sts.; streets all
, accepted: surrounded by . elegant new
. Improvements; cheapest lots In the city.
FACTORY SITS.
175x200; 2 frontages; on Bryant St., through to
Florida, near Fourteenth. .
THORNE &. KILPATRICK,
312 Bush st.
CEXTER A SPADER.
11 Montgomery st., Lick House Block.
$13,500 — Snap; six modern flats, 6 rooms each;
paying over 10 per cent;, fine location;
* 23d st. , near ■ Howard ; don't mls» this.
Valencia Bt., northeast corner; substantial in-
vestment: 3 stores and 4 flats; renting
low for $175; can be increased; lot
■'.■'■■i 60x80 feet and vacant lot In rear 25x
$5 feet; must be Mid to close an estate.
£8,000 — Broderlck st. : 3 modern flats of 6 and
6 rooms; rents $65; lot 25x100 feet.
Dolores St.; cloee to Seventeenth; 4 modern
flats; renting for $86; * large lot, 60x
125 feet: Investigate.
$7,600 — Rents $76; snap; 3 new flats on Carl
-:■ St., near Clayton; cheapest Investment
in town.
$8,750— Rents $75; two new flats on the Jor-
dan Tract close to First ave. and Cali-
fornia st.; fine lot, 33x90 feet. . >
$5_000 — Masonic ave.; choice location: 2 new
flats; rents $45: lot 25x100 feet.
$6,250— Two new flats on Capp St., cloee to
■ Twentlth; rents low at $45; lot 25x
,75 feet.
Guerrero st., near Fourteenth; 3 modern flats;
6 rooms In each; rents $100; 25x133
■ ■ feet; you can get this at a bargain.
$5,600— Make offer; three good flats on 17th
St.. near Dolores; rents $45; lot 25x100.
$1,450 per lot;- size "8x00 each: Alpine St.. \
close to Duboce ave. ; street sewered j
and graded; cheapest lots offered; see
them to-day; we have only one lot left;
■: . do you want It? •
To manufacturers: For sale; several choice
factory sites, with railroad facilities; j
as this class of property Is limited, it !
would be well .to see us Immediately: '
some of these properties can be reached
by both the Southern Pacific and Santa
- Fe railroad*. ' ■■■-;•'
CENTER & SPADER.
BALDWIN _ STETSOX.
~. 317 Montgomery St., near Pine.
Real Estate Agents. - Rent Collectors.
Telephone Grant 137.
City Agents German- American and Phoenix of
Hartford Fire Insurance Companies.
Get our. circular. It contains lists of all
kinds of i properties for tale and flat*, etc., to
let In all parts of the city.
SOME SPECIAL BARGAINS.
MISSION WARM BELT CORNER. ,
$4750— Rent $450; 2 very good flats, 0 and 5
and bath each; brick foundation, etc.; nice !
• neighborhood. ' '•• • ■ ■ j
ELEGANT SUTTER-ST. FLATS.. !
$7200 — Rent $744; 2 new, modern of 6 and 5 1
and bath. etc.. each; 25x112:0. -.■:." :■-. .
OWXER MUST GO, EAST.
$7500 — Must be rold; small cash payment; an
elegant, new, sunny home. . 0 and bath,
furnace, etc.; lawn and garden; choice
neighborhood; : Western "Addition.
BALDWIN A STETSOX, 317 Montgomery st.
■--• -.-:.,-• ' H AWKS & SKELTOX. -
Rents Collected and ■ Entire Charge Taken of
-■.-.;■ . Property.. ■ ■ ■ ■ , j
$12,500— Three new flats, near Haight and Ash- J
■ : bury;' modern every way; ti rooms each; j
mortgage $6C0t) at * 6 -per .cent can . re- j
main; rents $1200. ; . 1
$10,000 — North- side Jackson, near Buchanan; i
. good house ' of <S. rooms and 2 baths; lot
35x117. to rear; street.
$13,0C0— Handsome modern house of 10 rooms,
furnace, btlllard-room.v solar heater: all '
conveniences for comfortable . housekeep-
$6,500— Octavia, : near. Broadway; good hcuse '
grajneof .7 rooms; nice .view of.bay from front;'
• .. bare. lot is worth th* price; 25x137. .:
I $8,000 — Northeast corner, cf i Larkin and ■ Lom-
bard: 29:6x110:. has superb view of bay;
. strert.work all done; neighborhood grow-
,'x':.-' ing fast. " :--:-».--=.".. ■;*■;.,- ■ ■■■; » >. ■ : :- • .■
■f< $5,40t>— i-u<» .1 near' Larkin \ and £ Lombard; 27x
: 110; grand view of bay and Western Ad- I
; dition.:.- ''/
' HAWKS aOBKELTON."' 323 Montgomery wL *
A NEW:5-room residence,"- just completed. See
--■ owner. - 625 Seventh • ave.; , Richmond. *.'■ ' :
I »EAi; ESTATE— CTTT—POS BAUS.
JOOST SONS A CO..'
■ ■ . ,- • . Real Estate and Insurance,
320 Bush St.. adjoining Builders' Association.
-.-.-., Phcne Clay 122.
Ocean View branch office. 272 Sadowa st.
$1750— A BARGAIX; Sunset District cottage of
C rooms; south of Golden Gate Park: J. s»t..
1 block of cars; large barn; chicken-houses.
JOOST SONS A CO.. 320 Bush st.
$350 TO $50O— Market-st. extension; choice
level lots; Corbett 'ave. and Romatn st. :
grand view of city, bay and bay counties;
.1- block from 18th-st. cars; agent on the
grounds.
JOOST SOXS A CO.. S20 Bush ' st.
j $350— A, BARGAIX: 2 large" lots. 25x112 etch.
' on Flood ave.. near Detroit. Sunnyside Tract;
streets graded; near Guerrero-st. cars.
JOOST SOXS A CO.; 320 Bush St.
$3C0 BUYS those 2 large lots. 25x114 each, on
Day »t.. near Douglass; must be sold at once.
JOOST ; SOXS A CO., 320 Bush st.
i 4600— CHOICE level lot. 28:6x88; Falcon ave.;
en ISth-st. car line; streets graded, sewered.
J0O3T SONS A CO.. 320 Bush st.^
$2CO— CHOICE Lakeview lot. 25x100; on
Brighton ave., near Ocean ave.; ready to
build on; streets graded and macadamized;
cars pass property; Spring Valley water.
JOOST SONS A CO.. 320 Bush st.
ONLY $250 each for fine building lots near
center of city; on Corbett av*. and Ashbury
st.; Spring Valley water; ISth-st. cars pass
property every 5 minutes; grand view cf bay;
these lots are a bargain.
JOOST SOXS A CO.. 320 Bush st.
; $530— LOT^ 25x104 each, at 21st and Douglass
sts.; lots' ready to build on; streets graded,
macadamized, sewered; gas, water mains; 2
. short blocks from Castro cars; grand view;
nice neighborhood.
JOOST SONS A- CO.. 820 Bush st.
OXLY $50— South San Francisco homestead
lots; $75 for corners; near Kentucky car;
Spring Valley. /
JOOST SOXS A CO.. 820 Bash Bt.
OXLT $100 each for those choice level lots,
23x100 each: ready to build on; 22d and Rail-
road aves.,. South San Francisco; water main
In streets; Kentucky-st. cars pass property;
easy > payments; 6 p«r cent per annum.
JOOST SONS A CO.. 320 Bush st.'
$500 FOR 200x75, fronting on 8 avenues and
water front; suitable for boathouse and boat
landing; near Bay View Tract. Hunter
Point; nice sheltered beach; plenty clams;
near Kentucky-st. car.
JOOST SONS A CO., 330 Bush st.
$650— BOULEVARD let. northeast corner of B
st. and 19th ave.: 32:6x100; terms.
JOOST SONS A CO.. 320 Bush st.
$130 EACH — 2 fin-; level lots on Ellsworth St.,
near Cortland ave. ; Gift Map No. 1.
JOOST SONS A CO.. 320 Bush st.
$600 EACH— 2 fine lots on State st., 23x103:
one-half block ot Castro and Market sts. ;
easily* worth $1000 each; must be sold.
JOOST SOXS A CO.. 320 Bush st.
$75 EACH— 8 choice level building lots. Includ-
ing 2 corners. 25x100. on Randolph and Ver-
non sts.; Spring Valley mains In streets;
short distance of c?r line.
JOOST SONS A CO.. 320 Bush sC
BOARDMAX BROTHERS & CO..
Real Estate Agents.
13S Montgomery st.
CHOICE IXVESTMBXTS.
$45,000— Western Addition investment: twelve
handsome modern flats, 4 and 5 rooms;
all rented; $4500 yearly.
$35,000 — A Western Addition XW corner; ele-
gant and modern flats; $3600 year.
$30, CCO — eixth st. corner: larze lot and good
Improvements; stores and flats; pays
little over 6 per cent; this Is an op-
portunity to make a good buy on one
of the best streets In the city.
$20,000 — FJllmore st. business property; good
Improvements: stores and flats; $1500
a year; fine future to this street.
$17,500 — Harrison st. corner; large lot: fair
Improvements; all rented; $1895 a
year; pays 9 per cent net.
$10,000 — Webster st. flats: new and finely fin-
ished; $16S0 a year.
$14,000 — Close to main entrance to Golden Gate
» ' Park; four modern flats of 5 and 6
rooms; pays $1380 a year and always
rented: large lot; sun In every room.
$13,000— North side Haight; three fine modern
flats; $1380 a year; always rented;
this offer Is a snap.
$13,000— Washington st.. north line; 3 hand-
some modern flats: $1500 a year; ele-
gant location. •*
$12 000 — Cloee to Market st. ; three handsome-
modern flats; $1350 a year; nearly 10
per cent net.
$$» ( 50O— Close to Golden Gate Park; two very
attractive modern flats; $900 a year.
$5,000— 22d St.. near Guerrero; four good flats;
• ' rents $">1 per month. * . . .. -.
$4,500 — Harriet St.; large lot; flats, paying $49
a month; over 12 per cent.
$3,650 — Natoma st. flats; In good condition;
brick foundation; paying $420 a year.
RESIDENCES.
$17,500^ — Vallejo St.: handsome residence of 11
rooms; grand marine view.
|S COO — Presidio Heights; thoroughly modern
and attractive 8-room house.
$ 1,000— Mission home of 0 rooms; modern
plumbing; beautiful carden and view.
$3,000— McAllister St.. near Golden Gate Park;
very pretty modern cottage. •
J4.2CO— Fine Mission cottage, near Castro st.
car line; 7 rooms and bath, lot 28x114.
$1.850 — 50-foot lot and cottage; north side 25th
st.; a bargain for home seeker.
$12,00«>— Magnificent marine view lot. In Pre-
sidio Heights; wide view; cannot »w
cut off; choicest neighborhood; 40x110;
ot^can sfll HO feet for $23.(X>0.
$5 500 — Near Guerrero and 23d; 58x114; snap.
$5' 000— Presidio Heights lot; running to Pre-
sidio wall: maEniflcent view; nothing
In the market better than this.
I22C0 Mission snap; 49-foot lot nr. l»th st.
BOARDMAX BROTHERS A CO..
138 Montgomery st.
J G. A. TURNER A CO.
■——-—
—From * 1 •>*.'.
50 full-sized lots.
No better than the best.
Just as rood.
The prices lower.
"Terms $10 a month.
We sneak of our fine new block in
RICHMOND DISTRICT.
Point Lobos, 21th and 25th aves. and Clement
street.
Strictly to official grade, sewer, water, etc.
See it to-day. Office on the property, open
from 10 t'U 4 Sunday.
Too little consideration is often given to
fi:ture expense when buying a lot. There
will be none on this block. Grading, sewering,
curbing, macadamizing-, all done, all paid for
by us. You may build at once.
$1400 — Terms to suit purchaser. We have some
choice lets in Parnassus .Heights, on 7th
ave boulevard, less than a block frcm
the' oark and H st. cars. Bargain for
builder.
$U30 each — The best and cheapest lot facing
H st. cars and Golden Gate Park. Ele-
gant view of park and ocean. Easy
terms.
$600 each — ?10 per month; graded lots, finely
situated a few fe«t from H st. ' cars and
Golden Gate Park — By far the cheapest
lots in the district.
$1100 — Facing the park extension to Presidio:
street done. Here Is a chance.
We have some bargains in Mission, near
school and cars; Spring Valley watsr; level
lot* as low as $175 at $5 per month. You
can have possession at once. It's true.
The above are a few of our offerings. Com-
plete list- on ar'Dllcatitu.
G. A. TURNER * CO..
312 Montgomery st.
OXLY A FEW LEFT.
$1 25 PER WEEK.
XO IXTEREST." NQ TAXEg
$2C0 for choice lots. Excelsior Homestead
Tract; level as a 'billiard -table; on grade;
close to fine school and Mitslon-st. electric
cars: bound to double In value.
- $100 each, on installments of $10 per month;
no taxes; fine lots 1 .- near -Ocean boulevard;
best residence location south of Golden Gate
Park; these are the cheapest lots In this dis-
trict: advancing In price rcpiJly. "..';-■-:
W. J. WHITE.
26 : Montgomery st.. . r. S. ; Phcne Main 5704.
FOR sale-^Cheap If sold this day; a fine 6-
room cottate on Elizabeth st.. one block
1 from the new school house; price $1450. Ap-
i ply at CURTIN'S grftcery. corner -Twenty-
fourth and Douglass 'sts. ■
GOOD Investment; right downtown; half block
•" " from new- Fairmont Hotel; only $395o to
make quick sale. Box 1479. Call office.
; FORCED sale^ — Cottage, 4 rooms, on West
Park St.; «350; lot on Valley st. MISSIOX
REALTY CO.. 32U7 Mission st.
COTTAGE, 4 rooms; on terms, same as rent
Apply owner, lumber yard, corner Army and'
."'Condon sts. ■ .-
8TORE and flats ;.Bryant-st- corner; must sell:
rent $02; price $9500. Box 1480. Call.-
BQE^AL ESTATE— CTTY— -TOE, SAI.E.
LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
send for our printed list of properties tor
sale In all sections of the city.
ELEGANT PROSPECTIVE VALUE.
$.".500— Rents *370; 2 exceptionally well-built
flats just completed; contain 4 and & room*
and bath; finished in latest style; street b>-
tuminizea; Clement st. ; these rut- are bound
to Increase In value.
BEAUTIFUL NEW HOME NEAR PARK.
$730u — $13uO cash, balance $luo monthly; Eng-
: lish basement house; brand new; lu rooms;
■ latest sanitary plumbing; lots of sun; key
( lot; big rooms; 2 blocks from Haight ami
1 Cole; good neighborhood; now leased for one
year at $60 per month.
THIS IS AN EXCEPTIONAL BARGAIN.
$l«.600 — Pays over lt> per cent net; six new 4-
rfcom flats; Just the; kind that rent quickly;
facing beautiful park; fronting on 2 promi-
nent streets; sun and light In every room;
look Into this investment In Western Addi-
tion. - •-. •
BARGAIN— COR. RESIDENCE NEAR PARK.
$3000 — Price reduced to effect quick sale; owner
must leave town; good substantial cottage of
6 rooms and bath: all in good repair and
modern In every respect; corner lot, assuring
abundance of sun and light; right near Golden
Gate Park. .' .- 1
A COZY MISSION HOME.
$3300— On a street in the Mission ;
2-story home; 6 rooms and bath; built just
two years; very prettily arranged; large &-
foot ba-ement.
SOMETHING VERY GOOD.
$22.500 — Howard, near Sixth; fine substantial
3-story building; 2 stores and 23 rooms abovs;
arranged for 1. 2 or 4 flats; lot nearly 50-
foot frontage.
RESIDENCE IN MISSION AT BARGAIN.
$5500 — Splendid home In the Mission; 2-storr
basement and attic residence; 8 rooms and
bath; hot air furnace; large, sunny rooms 1
built by day's work; charming views: over*
looklnr new Mission park: owner about t»
leave city 'and determined to sell.
X/TQN & HOAO.
116 Montgomery st. -' ---•»?;»■
EXTRA large lots. ! ""*
Loweit prices la Ch* dtr.
12 yon want a good largo tot at a modwme*
price look at those w« are offering ta the Jor-
dan tract (near California st. and, 1st ave.).
Prices $1630. $1700, $1300. $1300,
No lots less than 30 feet front; nearly mU
lots 33:4x120.
Streets 80 feet wide, graded, sewered amj
macadamized; water and gas on the tract.
Terms — One-fifth cash, balana* la one. tw«v
three and four years.
Building restrictions prohibiting' th* «reoOott
of any building for other than rMldaBO* par*
poses, including not more than 3 flat* to a loa,
are enforced. No •tores, etc. Thee* reitrto-
tlons and the large lots, together with the low*
prices, make It safe for you to buy and build.
Lots adjoining this property are celling tor
much more money. Where can you buy for $53
a front foot land as desirable or a* apt to im-
prove as this? Excellent cap fadllti»a — Bddj.
Sacramento. Sutter and Geary at. line*. 8en4
for diagram with prices.
LYON A HOAO,
lift Montgomery s^
DO YOU WANT '■ '
A FINS LOT
FOR $3B0. ___
$100 CASH. $1© MONTHprt
If so. look at those In the block bounded By
J and K sts.. 10th and 11th ave*.: prices $880
] to $950; only 2 blocks from Golden Gata Par*
and < electric car*; on a. slight elevation com-
I 1 mandinsr magnificent views al Park, ocean
and the Golden -Gate: lota at this price well
located and with unsurpassed views are cheap
I at above prices; the terms- are so easy It will
bo your own fault if you do not secure ona or
more; an Investment here Is safe and will
prove rcost profitable.
LYON & HOAQ. 116 Montgomery at.
GRAND RESIDENCE LOT8
AT LOW PRICES.
CLOSE TO TOWN.
Prices from $14uo to $225O for 23 feet lets:
you can buy a lot the size you want: If 2a
feet is not enough take 27:6 or 30 f«et or more
I If you like, at same rate per front foot. Quite
■ an advantage. Isn't It? Fine views; bitumln-
I lzed streets, water, gas, etc. Easy terms If
', desired. The block Is bounded by Devisadero.
I Duboce ave., Castro and 14th sts. Take
1 Halght-st. cars, get off at either Scott or De-
visadero and walk only 2 blocks. 8e* it at
once; over one-half of the lots already sold.
1 LYON & I1OAG, 116 Montgomery st.
I MADISON A BURKE. ""
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
ESTABLISHED JANUARY, ISM.
30 Montgomery st Opposite Lick House
$40,000 — Corner on Octavia st., near Sutter;
flats renting for over ft p«r cent; lot
60x87:6.
$22.500— Hayes st. near Gough: best block oa
Hayes st.; stores and flats: large lot;
rented low at $120.
$18,500 — 2 fine new flats on Washington st,
near fine park; S and 9 rooms and bath;
rent $1680 tx?r annum.
! $20,000— Powell-st. business property; «3-foot
front, running* through to rear street:
old improvements paying $1260 per an-
num: fine property to Improve.
$10,750— Page st. : 2 up-to-date flats. « and T
rooms and bath; annual rent $900.
$2,500— Alabama st. ; large lot. BOxSO, with 8-
room house; must be sold.
$6,000— Store and flat, 6 rooms and bat!*
above, on Oak st. ; rent $630 per an-
num; this is worth looking Into.
$e,CO0— Bryant st., near Third: modern flats;
well rented; lot 25xS0.
$4,250— Leavenworth st.. in choice location;
house of 6 rooms and bath; lot 22:9x70
feet; rent $360 per annum.
$3,000— Folsom st.. near Second, north side ot
street; large lot and house of 13 room*.
CHOICE INCOME PROPERTY.
$3.WM) — 2 modern flats; 5 rooms and bath)
each; near Market and Guerrero sts.t
rent $504 per annum.
$3,000— Two fine lots; Beulah st., near Stan-
yan; 60x137:6.
$2.450— Lot 25x125 on fine street, near Do*
hoc* Park and Steiner St.; fine lot tot
flats; all new Improvements on the block.
$5.000 — North Beach Investment; 4 fiats; rest
$504 per annum; large lot, 40 ft. front-
on Bay st. "
$5, COO — Fine home. 9 rooms and bath, on Seo»
ond ave., near the park.
Lots 27:6x137:6, on Butter st.. between Stetae»
and Pierce.
Building lots, NE. corner Golden Oats av*.
and Baker St.; In sties to suit; price*
from $2000 upward.
MADISON A BURKE.
30 Montgomery st., opp. Lick Room.'
$2S0O— NICE cottage; warm belt; near Bryanl
ave. and 21st St.; lot 29x100.
$2600— Cottage, near 23d and Valencia: lot
32x95.
i $2000 — Modern cottage, near Falrmount School 1
lot 25x112. *
$3000 — Cottage of 5 rooms; on* block front
Ocean boulevard.
j $45CO — New cottage. 6 rooms, eta.: Third arw,
and B st.; lot 34x93.
$6000 — 2-story house of 10 rooms, etc.. ne«.»
Halght and Broderlck sts.: lot 23x100.
JOSEPH STRAUB, 620 Market st. .
NEW. sunny flats $7000: half cash; GoM«n
Gate av-.. near Central ave.: 5 and 6 rooms,
bath; attics: 2 basements; rooms tinted and
frescoed; open dally: street work complete.
MARINE view lot. 23x137:6 with L 30x100;
Filbert, bet. Broderick and Baker, MULLER,
Bay and Webster.
HOMES built cheap: plans free; easy par*
I ments. Builder. 436 Parrott building.
' CHEAP cottage: new. street work complete:
basement, attic. 4390 Mission : easy terms.
A BRANCH of flee of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 100S Market St.. opcoalta
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m. '
SAM MATEO RE AI. ESTATE.
__ — ~ ■ '■ - " »~»
.SAN MATEO SAN MATEO
THE FINEST SUBURBAN RESIDENCE
DISTRICT NEAR SAN FRANCISCO.
We Have a choice list of excellent residence
properties, villa sites and acreage. Don't fall
10 see us before buying. Investigate San Mateo
Park, the ideal property of them all. Lota of,
nbout one acre each. Bound to be most valu-
able; $900. up.
HAYWARD ADDITION.
Adjoining the town. Business and residence
lots. Street work complete. Covered with ma-'
' jestlc oaks. Easy termsi See our local agent
■ Frank S. Grummcn. San Mateo ofSce open
: Sunday.
BALDWIN A HOWELL, 28 Poet eC
LOMITA PARK— On line of San- Mateo electrta
cars. 43 minutes from Fifth and Market' sts. •
outside the fog belt and just beyond where
the S. P. Co.'s bay shore '"cut-off" will join
the main line- 30-foot lots from $400 up;
terms from $10 to $50 down and balance at
rate ot $10 a month; sewer and water pipes
In front of every lot; pure artesian well
water; over one-half lots, sold since August
1; an exceptional opportunity to secure a lot
In this desirable neetion: take the electrto
cars and get oft at "1/5MITA PARK" and
Investigate: maps sent en application.
SELBY. RODCERS & CO..
116 California St.: Tel. Main 673.
poxzrr bxohmons seal estate.
— ; _ ... •,:...
ELEGANT corner lot. 55x110. for sale. 8e«
owner, 917 A Dolores st.BEAL ESTATE — COtTZTTBT — For Sale.
WHITE & UAYLEY.
Successors to
W. J. WHITE.
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
EXCHANGES.
LODI. LODI.
Th<> town that has the "SNAP" to if. the
••■ciion that has the most fertile soil In the
fan Joaqu-.n Valley; tine roads; water trans-
portation.
Ws are subdividing a choice tract In 10-acre
lots; on!y 2Vs milts from town; surrounded by
modem heroes and fine orchards and vineyards;
toil rich, black, sandy loam 12 feet deep;
school on the tract; $75 per acre. This will not
l?.st over 30 days; first come, first served. Ad-
;olr;ir.g land eold tor $123.
$8>500 — Close to Napa City; 50 acres rich.
Iswel land; Zi acres in orchard 12 years old;
good S-rocai house; large barn windmill and
Jar.k; drying plant, poultry yards; horses, cat-
Ue; -arming tools; good furniture: flne income;
r^olf cash.
$1800 — Close to Sebastopol; 10 acres flne land;.
« acres bearing prunes, berries, garden; 5 acres
I cv.r.g apples; half cash.
$5<X> -lown— ItiO acres and use of 40 more; 2
miles of postofflce; tn Sonoma County; roiling
land; «J acres vines; crchard; finely fenced:
curding alone ccst $2000; house 7 rooms; bam,
» agon-shed, poultry-houses ' yards: 1500 cord*
K< i c "ij stock; rumitufe; pries $2500.
„ **°° down — 10-acre dairy and poultry ranch:
- good dwelling?, barn poultry- houses, incuba-
tor ; 6 cews, 15 Angora goats, 2 horses, buggy:
tools; 10 tons of hay; onlv i mile of town; in-
KTtJGaie quick; $2000.
$55tK) — Only I mile of Haywards ; 37 acres
nne land; 4 acres bearing orchard; modern
house <J rooms and bath; finest barn in county,
fclone cost $4000; fine view; Oils is the best buy
in the vicinity.
$2650 — North of Watsonville: 65 acres. S acres
full bearing apples. 9 in grain; fine berry
P*.tch; 40 acres timber; Rowing stream; 9-room
hous«; large barn and granary: water piped to
buildings. We have a choice selection of fruit
and grain ranches at reasonable prices in thts
vicinity. See a few.
I2&00— Close to Petalun-.a. 1 mile station; 10
acres rich loam; family crchard: among beau-
tiful oaJtz; modern cottage, 6 rooms, bath;
good barn. poultry-hous»s. outbouacs; horse,
cow. 80 beas. buggy, etc.: will add 12 acres
adjoining if desired; see tbis quick.
$1O.G(K> — Close to Geyservllle; 58 acres rich
IvUESian River bcttcm ; great hop land, or
adapted to alfalfa or vegetables: 12 acres vine-
yard, 12 prunes. 2:1 acres fine alfalfa; large
aew bam. We offer eome of the finest farms
in -.he world in this superb section; let us
drive you around.
$2500 — N<»ar Hcplani; 45 acres rich land; 12
acres pears in bearing; family crchard; good
house and outbuildings; well fenced; investi-
gate this.
$I50Cm^-AU level, 10 acres. 2 miles of Calls-
toga; email orchard; good bouse and barn; %
■reUs; near school.
ALFALFA LAND.
$50 per acre — 3 mile* of Modesto; 20 acres
up: half cash.
$50 per acre — Near Lodl. on the Woodbridgs
canal.
$5500 — 40 acres, all tillable. No. 1 soil; fam-
Dy crchard; mostly in grain: 6-room house;
pood barn, wicdmill. blacksmith shop, poultry-
houses; rear school; Cne te&m; Jersey cow, ;
pigs, laying hens, tool?; wagon, 2 buggies; all j
furniture; close to Santa Kcsa.
$2750 — Foothill ranch of 360 acres; near i
Cltyton: 80 acre* fine plow land; bouse, good j
bam; family crchard; terms.
$1700 — 25 acres, close to Calistoga; adapted !
to vines and tr-^s; family orchard; cory 5-room |
cottage; food barn; flne water.
$400 down — 5 acres good land, with new, I
hard finished ccttago of 5 rooms and bath; ;
Inrge breeder-house. 2 Incubators, brooders; all i
'snr.'.r.g tools: near Petaluma: price $2000. 1
$S5 p*r acre for sandy loam land, slightly !
rowing: 3 n-.Iles weft of Petaluma; in tracts ;
from 5 acres up. We wish to call special at- j
rention to the choice homes we have !n the vl- j
rinity of P^talurr.a end want to have you J
drive oat with us and eee them. Photos at 1
[bis rff.ee. ;
$2500— 25 acres, half relllng and balance ;
level; near Fur.ta R&sa, 3 miles cf Kenwood; i
rich Izr.i; 2 acres orchard: vineyard; creek, 2 j
wells; nice cottage S rooms; large barn: I
renced into 4 fields: 5 pcultry-houses. large J
wire netting yards. 150 laying hens; good horsa. j
3 catt>: epricg wagon, top buggy; 4 tens hay; ;
tary terms.
$2600 — 10 lots st Ccrte Madera; 4 minutes !
Irora depot: log cabin worth $1000. flne shake ,
rabbi; stafc>; fine suburban home; easily worth !
J33C0: hot and cold water throughout; modern. I
$26"0»-;>4 acres, near Watsonviile: 200 apples;
6 acrei fire potatoes; 2 acres timber; balance
grain: 5-room cottage; barn, outbuildings.
H2fift— 10 acre* in vine and fruit belt, near
Lodi ; F.andy lcam ; 5-rccm. house and bam. i
f -ZOO— Near Santa Crus. 60 acres rich aliurlal ,
t-cii: £ ceres orchard, mostly apples; 10 acres
rrair.; balance timbered pasture; 5-room bouse,
• ham.
• Send etarap for the largest and most diversi-
fied printed list en the ccast.
WHITE & BAYLEY. ;
Successors to !
V.'. J. WHITE. 1
25 ilortsomcry Et., room 8.
Property Exchange a Specialty.
FOR FALE OR EXCHANGE.
£25.000—212 acres; 10 minutes drive from St. \
Helens, Napa Cc-jnty; net income $3<X>0; e5 j
aor^fc r^siftant vines; th<> best watered farm
in :he \\>.-t. all under a high rtate of cultiva- ;
tlon; a sp'.endid modern house, cost $10,000; j
this is a complete country principality and cost
•he rre5ent owner $65,000; will exchange for ,
San Francisco realty. For full particulars. ;
photcgrarh. etc.. cail on BARNETT & COSBY, ;
rrx-rn LOS, Bacon block, Oakland.
nn i
F«">R !»a!e— JC200.
Eight acres flne losm soli; S5 minutes from
Broadway, Oakland, «i mile from San ■
L»andro road; fine 2-stcry house and out- i
buildings; 4 acres jr.lxed fruit, balance gar-
den, etc.; a great bargain; will m*i'e ideal ;
chicken ranch. BARN HIT & COSB7, room :
105. Bacon block. <>alcland.
FOR SALE.
J1200 — 14 acre, highly improved, with new ',
modern ccttage, tem. chicken-houses, well, I
etc.; 3!) minutes from Broadway, Oakland; near '
car line; $i00 cash, balance to suit: offered only
for a few days; let us show you this. BAR- I
ICPTTT & COi-'BY, room 105. Bacon building, 1
Oak'.and.
$5000 — 80 ACRES of land, all under cultiva-
tion, with Improvements, in orchard section
et Sutter County; ociy three miles from j
county Eeat and on line of new irrigation !
fiitch.
A snap If taken soon, but will not keep*.
51. J. NEWKOM.
•08 Second st.. Maryevllle, CaL
$27,000—210 ACRES, 2 MILES FROM ST. i
Helena: most highly improved land; 64 acres,
resistant, full bearing vineyard; home* fin* i
modern buildings (complete like city homes),
with gas plant, hot and cold running water;
telephone; splendid under ground sewer sys-
tem; latest patent plumbing, etc., with fine !
redwood park and valuable water rights.
This Is or.e of the most complete country
homes In California, For particulars call at '
1115 Broadway. Oakland, room 16, to owner
DR. R. E. BAUSKE.
HERE'S a cheap property for $15,000; 600
acres; 23 miles from Oakland and 4 miles
over a level road from railroad: a splendid
stock and general farm; fine residence and
improvements: some crchard and vineyard;
remarkably well watered; many flne natural
trees; this ranch will carry over 100 head of
etock; a considerable portion good farming
land: all personal property, cattle, horses,
furniture cf residence, etc.. included at above
price; advanced age of owner obliges sale;
this la a genuine bargain. H. H. CRANE,
T.OS California st.
$3200 — 5- ACRE poultry ranch. Just outside of
city limits of Petaluma; furnished house of
5 rooms, jarge barn and stable; 12 chlcken-
houses, 3 troo<ler-houses. windmill and 5000-
gallon tank; whole place in orchard — apples,
prunes ar.d pears: all fenced ■ and cross-
fenred into chicktn yards with wire netting;
reasonable terms if deelred. Call or write
W. E. R.UDELL, ccr. Fruit\-ale ave. and
■Washington «... Frultvale, Cal.
DAIRY and grain ranch. 400 acres. In Sacra-
mer.to Valley; will divide in 3 places; 100
seres im; rov*d. $20 per acre; 1G0 acres at
$!•>. and SO acres, all in growing grain. $30;
'm 1 -. 031 * 1 balance at 5 per cent. Owner,
'.K3 Twer.iy-Elxth ave.. East Oakland.
SOME nice country homes and rich fruit
ranches, best situated, near Ilaywarde
Alameda Co.. an.i In Sonoma Co.; occas-
ional herKair.s this week. Apply to Rlanda &
<o.. q. Mrjtgomery et., San Francisco.
ATTENTION, dairymen— 490 acres very su-
perior tract of land, close to railroad; Cen-
tra. Alameda County; good, rich eoil. abun-
dance tprtnc water; large residence bams
etc.; a bargain can be secured in this prop-
erty (owner a nen-resident). H. h CRAVE
508 California et. . <-kane,
KALE or exchange for city proDertr- u>nii«.
153 acres. Napa Co.: «0 Serbia culUvTuo*:
fruit, vines and grain; fully and
Mying: beautiful place; genUeman'Vhomt
gHADBrKNE. 405 MontgomeryTt?
FOR «a!e— CO acres alfalfa or fruit land- in
part or whole; $60 per acre; 3 miles from
tnwn: *rood reasons for selling p pipit
HARDT. Modesto. Cal. " " ?'<
f2.:r.il— 25 ACRES good valley land; I Jnlie
from larse town; Alameda County; public
and high ecfcools; land all In crop; some'im-
l.rov«ncnt»: fine climate; an Ideal general
farm and No. I Jocation for poultry rai«lnc
H. H. CKANE, 508 California st.
ATTENTION. HOMESEEKEES!
Send postal for catalogues of ihe best land
barrsms In California. C. M. WOOSTEK CO
*;**• Market st.
$300 — GOVERNMENT homestead, ~Eo acres
level, large outside rsr.pe for cattle or goats*
wood and water. C. S. QUAST, 11 Mont-
gromcry et.
SEAL ESTATE— COTJITTBT— -gor^Sal*. |
$30,000— ONE of California's finest farms; 267
acres, all beautiful valley land, close to large
town in Alameda County, with good public
ar.d high schools; this land always produces
ppk'ndiJ crops of grain, also the choicest hay
grewn in the State, which is shipped East In
large quantities from this point: improve-
ments all first class; a flne residence of 8
rooms and bath, large barns, etc.; family
orchard, beautiful flowers, and shade trees; ;
water in great abundance from a 28- foot ■
well, and perpetual stream through the prop-
erty; over $C000 in personal property, lnclud- •
Jns 1< head of splendid horses (draft stock);
5 VJ SO "22 head Holstcin cattle, together with
farming machinery, vehicles, etc., all as good j
ts new; owner has lived on this farm 20 1
years, but dosires to retire and go to Europe, j
the property being too valuable to lease dur-
ing his absence; get full particulars of this t
magnificent and money -making farm. H. H.
CRANE. 508 California St.
TO LET— A nice chicken ranch near Peralta
Park. Berkeley: about 2 acres land; cottage,
barn, chicken house: good well of water. 48
Clay* st.. S. F.. or West Berkeley Feed Mills.
WANTED — :To rent, good pasture; level pre-
ferred; sufficient for 30 horses; barn room
near to S. F. Box 1023. Call office.
5 ACRES near Redwood City: line site; $1100.
W. B. EAST1N. 408 California et.
CONTRA Cocta County real estate for sale. ,
Send for list. P. J. WEST. Martinez. Cal.
ELBraxraST SEAX. ESTATE.
ELMHURST REAL ESTATE.
ALV1N TRACT.
$75 each: $5 monthly; one block from the
station.
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post st.
FARMS AND RANCHES TO LEASE.
Z> ACRES; house 6 rooms, furnished; barn;
Ftable; chicken houses: for a term of years;
cheap. JOSEPH STRAUB. 630 Market. S. F.
EEAL ESTATE TO ESCHAKOB,
EXCHANGE $10.000^ —
175 acres, very highly Improved: % mile
from Paso Robles, Cal., the famous health
resort; fine buildings; everything complete;
this place cost owner $30,000; 40 acres flne
orchard; wood, water, pasture and hayland; ;
will exchange for property in Oakland, Berke- ;
ley. Alameda or San Francisco; here Is an j
unusual opportunity.
BARNETT & COSBY. !
, Room 105 Bacon Block. Oakland. j
ICO ACRES of good level land in Lake County, i
near Kelseyvllle. to exchange for Oakland, j
Berkeley or Alameda property. P. C. LAS-
SEX & CO.. 466 10th si. Oakland. Cal.
SEATj ESTATE WANTED,
A PIECE of property, east of 6th and north
of Folsom: will pay $25,CO0 for a desirable
holding. Box 1221. Call office. ;
' WANTED — Lot ready to build on; not too far
out; price about $500. Box 1679. Call office.
' PSOPEETT WAITTED.
, WANT to buy smqjl house and lot direct from
owner; please state price. Address box 1036,
Call office.
j WANTED — Land warrants . approved and
transferable. Box 1386. Call office.
I ALAMEDA ADVERT ? S ? M'TS
■ AliAatEDAjaEAX^ESTATS.
I
' ■ ■ - -
A FEW FINE BARGAINS.
$2250
Buys a beautiful new modern 6-room cottage;
modern plumbing; gas and electricity; flne lot;
, a snap.
$2500.
Elegant corner lot together with
NEW 5-ROOM COTTAGE.
$2500.
Lot 40x170; flv«-room cottage; Central ave.
' $2000.
Lot 40x100; five- room cottage; good location;
' a bargain.
$3500.
Six-room, colonial, 1^-story (new); must be
sold; cheap.
$2750.
A beautiful 6-room, 1^-story house; lot
! 30x207.
! $5000.
. Fin* corner lot: S rooms and b*.th: worth
$7000.
' Houses and lots in Alameda
At all Prices.
Easy Terms. Easy Terms. Easy Terms.
Purchase a home In Alameda while ther* re-
mains a chance to get It at cost.
Property will double In value with a modern
electric system soon to be installed.
Houses Built, Rented and Exchanged.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANT.
1500 Park St., Alameda.
ALAMEDA PROPERTY.
A HOUSE FOR EVERYBODY,
Thirty lots from $10 to $16 per front foot;
j five minutes from Flfth-st. ststlon; $50 down.
J balance easy terms.
I Homes from $1000 up, on terms; mast be
I seen to be appreciated.
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE.
A fine 7-room house, modern, near Morton- I
st. station; for San Francisco property.
JUST SUBDIVIDING.
On* of the best blocks on Santa Clara ave. : 8
, minutes' walk to either narrow op broad gauge
i Etation; will.be sold on terms.
Suitable for a residence and large garden:
■ electric cars pass the property; a block of land
on San Jose ave., near Versailles station;
; 200x205; a bargain.
Two 4-room flats in flne location on Paeiflo
! ave.; at a bargain.
1 One-etory and basement cottage; upper flat
j pays investment.
A. R. DENKE. 1400 Webster St.. Alameda.
I Or C A. POMEROY, 11 Montgomery st., San
j Francisco.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND.
The Leading and Reliable Real Estate DeeJ-
EOME GOOD BUYS.
V
$1COO will buy a good 4-room cottage; mod-
ern: lot 40x130; this Is a enap.
$2000 — 8-room house in choice neighborhood;
1 rear station and school; lot 50x155; don't over-
! look.
$22!V) — Just completed; beautiful modern up-
• to-date 5-room cottage: combination electric
• light and gas; centrally located: chance of a
j lifetime.
$3250 — In course of construction; modern 6-
: room cottage: up-to-date in every respect; flne
i neighborhood: lot 42x145; Investigate.
$4500 — Beautiful modern S-room house on
1 San Antonio ave.: built for a home and not
i to sell; den't fall to see this property.
! $5760 — Swell modern 11-room house on San
: Jose ave.; beautiful lawn and flower garden;
I r*z trail y located; near station and school:
owner will sacrifice on account of leaving for
I Europe. /
HAMMOND & HAMMOND,
1442 Park st.
j The leading and reliable agents.
Building lots a specialty.
Office or>en to-day.
HALLY & CO.
$500— We have for sale four <4) flne lota, wiyi
street work done, good size, for $300: each
in flne location; great chance for a home;
these lots can be bought on terms.
We also have six lots for building pur-
poses; very cheap; In excellent location;
eame price; call and see us about these
properties.
$900 — Good lot near the bay.
$2350 — 5-room modern cottage; 1208 Clement
ave.
J2750 — Elegant 7-room modern house; on Eagle
ave.; new; rare chance: account of owner
i leaving for the East.
1 $1250— Modern 4-room cottage.
$8000 — Elegant 10-room modern house; cornsr
; on Central ave.
WE HAVE BUILDINGS FOR SALE THAT'
j HAVE TO BE REMOVED ON ACCOUNT OF
SALE OF PROPERTY.
HALLY & CO., "
2315 SANTA CLARA AVE., ALAMEDA, CAL.
Phone Ala 105. Open to-day.
GREAT BARGAINS IN REAL ESTATE.
$13.000— Sherman et.; house 12 rooms; lot
75x150.
1 $7CC0— Sherman St.; houss 8 rooms; lot 80x
! 150.
I $3750— Morton St.; cottage 6 rooms; lot oOx
150. ■ •
I $3500 — Clinton ave.; -house 8 rooms; lot 60x
! $3500 — Clinton ave.; house 8 rooms; lot 60x140.
1 $2500 — London ave.: cottage 6 rooms; lot 50x
$2050— Park ave.; cottage 5 rooms.
All these properties are modern, choice
locations and are being offered for about one-
half of their value. Give us a call.
E. D. JUDD CO.. 1424 Park St.
Why not own your home? We will build
you a home and let the rent pay for It ; 37
large lots in the choicest residence section;
'< near trains, electric cars and schools, on Santa
' Clara. Taylor, Haight, Fifth. Sixth and Eighth
I sts. ; prices from ?400 to *75O; $50 cash, bal-
ance ?10 per month; also a new corner home
of 7 rooms, f 2750; choice modern 5-room cot-
tage only $1600; terms to suit. . . !
HAWKS & MEHRTENS.. j
Seventh and Railroad ave. .
HOUSE of 9 rooms, rents for $19. for sale for
$1250; must be sold at once. ■ •
Two Email cottages; must be sold; $800
each. t -'-■•'■
Two 25- foot lots on macadamized' street:
$300 each. '
CEO. L. LEWIS,' 1516 Park st, , , / \
_^E SAN FRANCISCO CALL,: SUNDAY, DECEMBER :4. 1904.
ALAMEDA ADVERTS ? M'TS
ALAMEDA BEAL ESTATE.
WE are buildini: new 6 and 7-room cottages;
best residential section of Alameda, on terms
of $300 and J500 cash, balance in monthly
payments; we furnish plans and give estimate
free. WM. UUFOUR & CO., 2326 Santa
Clara ave., near Park st., Alameda.
LARGE lot, 155 feet deep; any frontaee; : $10
per front foot; $50 cash and $10 per month.
. Call at Railroad ave. and 6th st. and see J.
H. YOUNG, owner, at new building.
WANTED^-Lcts in Alameda suitable for sub-
division; give size, location and lowest cash
price; wett of Park, south of Railroad ave. ;
owners only. Box 1548, Call office, Oakland.
BERKELEY ADVERT ? S ? NTS
BEEKELEY BEAL ESTATE.^^^
FAIRVIEW PARK.
Price* will positively be raised Jan. 1, 1805.
UNPRECEDENTED RECORD.
SALES IN THIS TRACT UNSURPASSED,
Full 60- foot frontage lots for $900 till the
new year.
All streets sewered, graded, macadamized
and sldewalked. ' .-
Only one-quarter cash, balance 1, 2, 3 years.
PRICES RAISED JAN. 1. 1D05.
Get mas and make selections at once.
Take electric cars at Lorin Station.
PROCRASTINATION IS THE THIEF OF
OPPORTUNITY.
JOS. J. MASON.
"Office at the park or Berkeley station.
San Francisco*' office. 421 California st.
A GOLDEN OPPORTUNITY. j
$3250— New 2-stcry colonial house, 8 large j
rooms, bath, 2 toilets, dining-room and j
library; paneled In hardwoods, myrtle and
maole; one minute from Ashby station on
Improved main avenue; cash $2T>0 and month- I
ly payments. H. D. IRWIN, Lorin station, j
South Berkeley: open Sundays. •
AMONG THE BEST.
$260O-^-Modern cottage, 6 rooms, bath, etc.; :
hteh basement, electric light and gas: lot '
40x135; street work and cement walks done;,
flne location above R. R. Tract, close to
Dwight way station; cash $850. balance easy
installments. H. D. IRWIN, Lorin station.
South Berkeley: open Sundays. (1971)
i A DESIRABLE- RESIDENCE. '.
i 12760 — New 1^ -story sharp roof house, 6 !
rooms, bath, etc.; 2 toilets; fine mantel; lot I
40x135; street work done and cement walks ;
laid; easy distance from university; cash .
S500, balance like rent. (1065) j
H. D. IRWIN. Lorin station. South Berkeley, j
Open Sundays. j
A GREAT BARGAIN. j
$2400 — Nearly new 2-story house, 8 flne rooms, •
bath, etc.; electric light; lot 6O35IOO; close to I
station; small cosh .payment and easy
monthly installments. » (193») 1
H. D. IRWIN, Lorin station. South Berkeley, j
Open Sundays. j
$5500 — NEW modern home In the Scenio Park; *
near cars.
$7500 — One of Berkeley's elegant hemes; south
side of College and near Telegraph
ave.; 100- foot frontage; worth every dol-
lar asked; come and see It.
W. J. MORTIMER * CO.,
2123 Center St., Berkeley.
$460 — GOOD lot, 40x1^0; street work done; -8
blocks from car; $100 down, $10 a month.
W. J. MORTIMER & CO..
2123 Center St., Berkeley.
$750— A GOOD investment; lot 40x95; situate
on Improved street; 8 minutes' walk to
depot. j
$1000— FINE, sightly lot In the Wheeler Tract ;
send for map of this elegant location; view
unexcelled.
W. J. MORTIMER & CO..
2123 Center st., Berkeley.
$6300 — FINIS, modern mansion on Euclid
ave.; splendid barn and house; 11 rooms,
etc W. J. MORTIMER & CO., ,
2123 Center St., Berkeley.
ALMOST new 6-room cottage; hot and cold ;
water, bath, pantry; brick foundation; lot
j 60x100: all fenced: 1 block to electric cars; :
3 blocks to station; price $1450; terms $150
cash, bal. $20 monthly. O. A. RUDOLPH.
Lorin etation. Bo. Berkeley; open Sundays.
BARGAIN — G-room cottage, bath; 8-foot base- j
ment; city water; also good well and pump;
lot 45x125; close to Key Route station and
stores; price $1500; terms $150 cash, balance
$16 50 monthly. O. A. RUDOLPH, Lorin
station. South Berkeley; open Sundays.
BARGAIN — New 6-room house, 2-story, bath,
pantry, stationary tubs, gas and electrio
light fixtures; city water; lot 40x100; terms
$150 cash, balance $20 monthly. A. O.
RUDOLPH. Lorin. So. Berkeley; open Sun.
I NEW cottage, 5 rooms, bath, pantry, mantel;
city water, gas and electric light fixtures,
shades and everything complete; lot 40x100;
2 blocks to station and electric cars; price
$2150; §150 cash. bal. $20 monthly. O. A.
RUDOLPH, Lorin, So. Berkeley; open Sun.
$2800 — $800 cash, balance $23 per month; 8
large rooms; all modern; lot 60x135; fruit
trees, work all done.
$300 to $ GOO — Street work all done; $25 cash,
balance $5 and $10 per month.
$1500 — $320 cash, balance $15 per month: 4
large rooms; good well and city water; lot
40x135.
$2100 — $200 cash, balance $20 per month: 6
large rooms and bath; stationary wash tubs;
flne mantel; high basement; cement walks;
street work all done; 2 blocks to both trains.
$2200 — $1100 cash, balance flat mortgage; 8-
room house; lot 76x100; 3 blocks to train; re-
duced from $3000 for quick sale.
W. C. MORAN V South Berkeley.
$2550 DAINTY 6-room cottage; nice place.
$3000 New 5-room cottage'; lot 40x135.
$3000 New 6-room house; only $500 down.
$3500 New 7-room house; corner; 40x120.
$3750 New 7-room house; East College avs.
$3775 New 7-room houso; South Berkeley.
$4000 Fine. 8-room house; lot 100x135.
$4800 New 7-room house; fine location.
$6750 Elegant 9-room house: Scenic tract.
$S000 Elegant 11-room house; Hlllegass tract.
Lots in th« Fairview, Berry-Bangs, Hll-
legass. Hopkins Terrace and McGee tracts
JUSTER & BAIRD. 2137 Shattuck avs.
WE SELL THE EARTH.
LOTS on paved streets, near U. C, at prices
all the way from $S50 to $5000.
$2750 — Nice new 2-story 6-room house; paved
street; near Dwight station.
$3950 — Cut from 84750: 8 rooms and attlo;
/ new; well built; near In; good location.
(4200 — 7 rooms; new; real nice; east of Tele-
graph.
$4500 — h rooms; new; nicely finished; lovely
views; flne location; east of Shattuck.
$6000 — 9 rooms; elegant modern home; cholos
location; near In.
LYMAN ALLEN. 2129 Center st.
$3400 — NEW 2-story house, 7 rooms; $300
cash. H
?3250 — Elegant • home, 8 rooms; $300 cash. 141
S2400 — Cottage, 8 rooms; easy terms. 139
?2650 — Cottage, 6 rooms; $300 cash. 138
$2600— New h&use, 6 rooms; $200 cash. 118
$1600 — Bungalow, 4 rooms; easy terms. 120
S31&0 — Two flats, 4 rooms each; rents $32; on
main street. nx
HEDEMARK b. JACK CO., 3217 Adeline st.
South Berkeley.
—$3300—
A CHOICE home on Delaware at., Berkeley; 8
rooms and bath; lot 40x135; new and modern;
sunny exposure; fine view; easy terms of
payment If desired; no trouble to show prop-
erty. • • • - . .
REALTY BONDS AND FINANCE CO. One.).
1172 Broadway, corner Fourteenth st..
Oakland:
$1230 — CO-foot lot, corner, north of Dwight
way. near Key Route station.
$2700 — 6-room new house; central to schools
and Key Route station.
Two exceptional good 6 and 7 room houses
for rent; $30; 1 square from Dwight station.
ISGRIGG & HARRIS.
N. w. corner Dwlsht way and Shattuck ave.
$2000 — BEAUTIFUL 5-room cottage In Berke-
ley on flne sunny corner, one - block from
electric car line and two blocks from S. P
and Key Route stations; $200 cash, balance
flat loan or terms to suit.
v BARNETT & COSBY.
Room ,105, Bacon .Block, Oakland.
BERKELEY PROPERTY— ~~~~~~
If you are looking. for a desirable building
lot handy to the Key Route and Steam road
we can suit you. We have over 200 lots any
size you want and terms to suit: prices' rea-
sonable. Call at UNITED BANK AND
TRU3T CO.. 238 Bush St.. Mills bldg.
"~~~^ BERKELEY REAL ESTATE. ~~~
' '0. rooms; modern; newly renovated through-
I out; lot 40x75: flne location In South Berkeley
4 blcks from Key Route: $2600; $200 cash, ball
ance like rent. ' • •
W. N. RUSSELL,
301 California St., San - Francisco, Oal.
■/.-■~\:-; ... ; GOOD PURCHASE. - '■.- : r
, One lot; near North Berkeley statlqn; 60x135;
price $450. J. P. HALE,- 2515 Shattuck ave.,
Berkeley. ._.■'■
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'NTS
BEBKEI.EYBEAI._ ESTATE.
A TIMELY SUGGESTION.
Young man, own real estate In a- ;'
growing section; It is the best ad-
vice that can be given you If you
wish to become financially " inde-
pendent In your middle or old age.
Savings lead to wealth. \
Good Investments bring riches.
Prosperity fosters contentment, .
Own your own home and' be happy.
. Berkeley is the ideal suburb. It
' Is the fastest growing suburb of San
Francisco.
■ .Berkeley realty our specialty; con-
sult us first.
CENTRAL REAL ESTATE <XX. '
2149 Center st., Berkeley station. .
Key Route Terminus.
IT IS EASY TO SEB
WHY we are selling so many lots In Berke-
ley, if you visit the place and stand on some
beautiful elevated lot near the university.
A HOME IN BERKELEY.
THERE THE beautiful panorama of the
Golden Gate and San Francisco bursts on the
vision. And to think that this can be had
at less than the price of city rents, YOURS
forever!
THINK ABOUT IT I
85 minutes with 5-cent fare to the city,
more convenient than where some city folks
live; fine service; no strap hanging; delight-
ful ride. See the McGBE TRACT, a spe-
cially good thing.
FRANCIS FERRIER,
2121 Shattuck ave., Berkeley.
„ . At Key Route Terminus.
CHENEY & CO..
REAL ESTATE— INSURANCE.
WE BUY, SELL AND EXCHANGE PROP-
ERTY.
$10 down and $10 per month buys a lot in
Peralta Park; will be worth double the present
asking price within a year.
We are building the prettiest up-to-date cot-
tages in town; will build you one in any part
of town and eell en reasonable terms;. see us. %
To manufacturers — We have several large
pieces of property on water front and railroad,
with sidetracks already in; will sell on easy
terms or will take other property In exchange.
$1800 — 150x100; flne corner on Woolsey St.,
close to Shattuck ave.
$1000—50x130; University ave.-Grant.
$1200 — Acre near Santa. Fe Railroad depot.
$500 — 40x130, corner Dwight way.
$2200 — Cottage 5 rooms, bath; corner Fair-
view and Raymond sts.; no reasonable offer re-
; fused.
$3500 — Houee of 8 rooms; new and, modern;
corner lot; cannot be duplicated for leas than
$4500; Just the place for a doctor.
CHENEY & CO.,
! Temporary Quarters at Room 12, University
I . Savings Bank Building.
1 $2,000 — Handsome, well-built. 4-room house;
high basement; all modern conveniences;
lot 50x105: street work done; handy to
all cars and trains. This Is a big sac- j
rlflce. 1
$2,100 — Elx-room house and basement;, one !
minute from Ashby Station; fine lot; ■
street work done. Only $600 cash need- '
ed; balance like rent.
$2,760 — Up-to-date 6-room bouse and base-
ment; lot 50x130; nicely located.
$4,500 — An elegant 8-room residence, so hand-
some and well arranged that you are.
1 sure to fall In love with It. Has every
convenience to make a home comfort- '
able. Paneled rooms; gas and elec- {
, trlclty; two mantels, etc. The lot Is 6Sx j
j • 125; the front covered with a beautiful ;
- lawn.- and to top all It Is on one of •
Berkeley's prettiest streets, and handy to (
all cars. It is at present mortgaged for
$2600, , which amount can remain. \
C. C. EMSLIE, Real Estate. !
Ashby Station. J
ALBEE- & CORYELL^ j
Wish to Cal! Attention to These Special !
Bargains:
$8500— Magnificent; 10 rooms; built for home; .
furniture Included; owner leaving country; a
minutes from Key route.- -: ■-< r
$14,000 — Business property;; now paying over !
T per cent net on Investment; will double In J
I price In less than 5 years. ■ ■ ■ . |
Splendid corner In Berry- Bangs Tract tor
$2665.
This Is a snap; don't fall to see It.-
J1S50 — 6-room cottage near Dwight way:
large lot; large barn; will rent for at least $28
per month. ;
Not open Sundays except by appointment.
ALBEE & CORYELL.
Real Estate and Insurance,
2139 Center St.. Berkeley.
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
$2700 — New 6-room house; in flne location:
street work, sidewalk and fences all in; this
Is a snao.
$3500 — 0-room house, nioely tinted walls,
good hardware, electric lights, fuel gas; every-
thing about It Is complete; a bargain.
Are you Interested In lots? If so, we have!
a corner on macadamized street for $675; in- '
side lots for $450: street work done; others ■)
for from $650 to $3000; flne locations; we
have many bargains In houses and lots rang-
ing from $2000 upward; please give us a call
and be convinced.
F. H. LAWTON & CO.,
Phone Derby 11&2, 2147 Center st.
$650— FINE lot, near Lorin. 60x125. '
$775 — The best lot In town, 87^x88 2-3;
sidewalk and street work done.
. $800 — Fine lot, 40x120; sidewalk and street
work done.
$800 — Lot 40x183, on Grove St., south of
Vine.
$1100 — Lot 60x180, on Parker, east of Mll-
vla; we have three 5-room cottages that must
, be sold at once that are excellent bargains;
we have several beautiful new homes for
rent that must be seen to be appreciated;
If you are looking for a home to buy or rent
give us a call.
NEWTON ft NEEDHAM,
2131 Center st.
\Berkeley, Cal.
. . LOTS.
$1100 — 60x126 on University ave.; north side,
near Grant.
$300 — 40x135; Russell st., near King.
$300 — 40x135; Oregon St., near Calais.
$950 — 40x100; Virginia St., corner Louisa.
. $850—40x120; east of College ave.
$3000— $400 cash, balance 8 per cent: new
6-room house; lot 40x115; 1 block of cars; 1
block of station.
$1500 — 4 acres within 2 blocks of station;
not far out; well worth $2500.
MORAN & SWAIN.
Opposite Berkeley Station.
$2900— NEW 5-room cottage, cement walks,
street work finished; good location; cheap.
$1800 — 4-room cottage on Hearst ave. ; very
cheap. $2650— 7-room house; Ninth St.. only
$500 cash, balance easy. Any number of
higher priced properties. Lots $10 per front
foot on the north edge of the town
MILLS THE -REAL -ESTATE MAN
Phone Mason 2182. 2167 Shattuck.
• HOPKINS TERRACE. * ~"
This beautiful tract, 600 feet elevation, more
than half sold: 60- foot lots for sals from $600
upward; beautiful view; easy terms; all street
work done; map and prices to be had from
SE. cor. Center st. and Shattuck ave. Berke-
ley, or 421 California st.. 8. F.' ,
18- ROOM I house; two blocks from Berkeley
station: nearly new and all modern; well
planned for boarding-house; in best location-
lot 50x137, fronting on one of Berkeley's- fin-
est avenues; will rent In part or whole- or
sell at $7000. . . . ' .
D. L. JUNGCK, 2111 Shattuck ave.
GRAND opportunity: city and country life
combined: new 7-room house, all modern Im-
provements; 15 minutes' walk from North
Berkeley station: high ground, flne view
cheap. R. A. BERRY & CO., Postofflce
block, Berkeley.
HAVING purchased the business of Murdock
& Co., . I , will hereafter, conduct, a Square
Deal real estate. Insurance, renting bill col-
lecting and- notary business: some fine bar-
gains in. houses and lots; phone Derby 806-
open Sundays. ' - '■■
D. R. RUTHERFORD, Lorin, South Berkeley.
FINE business corner, SE corner ; Ashby and
Adeline sts. ■: * ' ■' ' ■ ■> ■ '
$10oo-^-Fine lot on webster st. \
$700— Fine corner on Fairview st.
, , LITTLE & WOOLSBY.-
2110 Shattuck ave., Berkeley. /
$1500— LEVEL and ready to build; street work
done on one side; 120x135; will make- 4 lots
with small .house, and stable one; land
alone worth $1800. HEDEMARK & JACK
CO. 3217 Adeline ; St., South Berkeley- city
of flee, 11 • Montgomery st. ,
FOR sale— New 8-room nous*, finely furnished^
i 4 blocks from. university: handy to the cars;
swell neighborhood; must be sold; price re-
duced from $4750 to $4250; one-half cash, bal.
. , ance, eamo as: rent; -this Is a bargain. See
owner. ; 2534 Regent St.. Berkeley.
GRAND opportunity; city ' and country life
combined: new 7-room house, all modern Ira-
: provements; >, 15 r minutes' walk from . North '
Berkeley- station; high ground, . fine view,.
cheap. R. A.- BERRY & CO., , Poscoffice
block. Berkeley. :■ ...
BERKELEY ADVEET ? S'NTS
BERKELEY BEAI. ESTATE.
FOR sale— House 'of 7 rooms In East Berke-
ley. near /University ave., oa large lot; 6
cheap for cash. Box 1554, Call, ■ Berkeley.
S. B. KENFIELD & CO.. real estate; see our
list. 2115 Shattuck ave., terminus Key <
Route. - •'
• BERKELEY HOUSES TO LET. 1
FOR rent— 2-story new house, 6 rooms; 2 blocks
from cars; all modern Improvements. 1604 .
Felton St.. South Berkeley; $25. •
BEBKELEY rPBljlSEED BOOMS.
3 FURNISHED roon-.s. ■ 1821 ;— *¥.oolsey St..
Lorin. Call 7 to 8 a. m. or address Box :
1556. Call office, Oakland.
FOR rent, to an elderly lady, front furnished '
room. 2424 Atherton st.. corner Haste.
BEBEEIEY BOOMS AOT BOARD. -
WILSON'S Inn, 2144 Unlversity^ve^A™fineT -
modern house; central location. A. H. WIL-
SON.
» . . 3
FRUITVALE ADYT'SMNTS j
n rBPIT YALE R^EAL ESTATE. -
H,. BARKMETER. 12OC Fruttvale ave., Fruit- ]
. vale, Cal. Tel. Brook 1721. ]
$1400— Cottage of 5 rooms and bath, barn and .
chicken-houses; 25 fruit trees in bearing; ;
lot 95xS5; in Upper Fruitvale. one block i j
from electric car line: terms if desired. t
$1500 — Modern cottage of 4 rooms and bath,
• • porcelain bath tub, electric lights, concrete
foundation; lot 50x125, one block from •
school and car line; near Frultvale sta- '
tlon. .
$2000 — Modern 2-story house of 6 large rooms
i and bath, two bay windows, fine veranda
up and down stairs, corner lot, 3 blocks
from Fruitvale station; terms $200 cash,
balance $20 per month; see this before '
buying elsewhere; it's a bargain.
$21(K> — An excellent investment on Fruitvale
ave., % block from Frultvale station: 2-
story building containing two modern flats [
of 5 rooms and bath ; rented for $24
per month to good steady tenants; will
net abut 9 per cent Interest on your in-
vestment; this Is a rare opportunity; own-
er Is anxious to sell.
$3000 — Reduced from $3500; 4'4 acres of good
-land, mostly In bearing orchard: cottage
of 5 rooms, pantry and closets, barn and
chicken-houses, brooder-house, incubator,
etc. ; extra good well of water, windmill
and large tank; situated in the warm belt
In Upper Frultvale: 15 minutes' walk to
electric car line; terms very reasonable;
1 this is a bargain and speculation.
FOR SALE IX EAST OAKLAND.
$1500 — Two-story house of 8 rooms and bath,
pantry, closet and gas; elegant location,
on car line; street work and cement walks
all complete; near school and 4 blocks j
from local train; easy terms if desired.
$2000 — Modern 2-story house of 6 large rooms
and bath; lot 40x116; street work all
done; terms $250 cash, balance $25 per ,
month; this Is a bargain and must be
seen to be appreciated. ■ '
$7500 — Modern residence of 10 large rooms; all
the latest Improvements, elegant 2-story
barn, large shade and fruit trees: corner
lot, 140x250; an unobstructed view of the
bay and surroundings.
This Is a gentleman's home or speculation
for a live builder.
For particulars apply to
HENRY BAHKMBTBR, 1206 FruitTals avs., '
Frultvale.
CHAS. F. LEE. Phone Vale 296.
Office, one-half block from Fruitvale station.
Chicken ranch for sale —
5350 — 314 acres of land, mostly In fruit trees,
with 5-room house; close to electric cars; on
i high ground, together with 80 pigeons, 25
chickens, harness for horse, 2 grindstones, 2
! chicken-houses. 250 yards 2-inch wire fencing,
I cow barn, about 3 tons of hay, all wood on
1 premises, garden tools, incubator and furni-
ture; one box mattress, 2 beds, kitchen closet,
rocker. 6 chairs, kitchen table, stove, book-
case, oak extension table, sideboard and velvet
couch; rent of land and house, $10 00 per
month; to see this is to buy it. • -
I $450— Good 2-room house; lot 45 frontage by
j 100 in depth; one block to cars; nice, grand
j view; flne soil; only $150 cash.
! $1150 — Neaf 4-room high basement cottage;
I all nicely fenced; good schools, churches and
I postofflce close by; property BOxl 00.
; Only $200 cash — Beautiful home of B large
1 rooms, fine reception hall, bath, porcelain tub,
; patent toilet, large pantry; choice location;
1 flne view: 2 car lines one block aiay; flne
1 school and church close by; price all told
I $2200; lot 60x124. . .
I $000 cash — Beautiful home of 4 large rooms;
! high basement;', concrete foundation; fine well
of water; all set out in -small fruits; will make
a flne chicken ranch; no cold fogs or heavy
' winds; nestles at the base of the foothills;
, street cars, schools.- church and postofflce doss
■ by; fine sandy loam soil; nearly one acrs of
1 ground: price all told $2000; this Is a snap.
I $3230' — Beautiful 5-room bungalow, all ele-
1 gantly paneled and decorated: handsome nat-
ural art mantel: elegant bath; large 2-story
barn; carriage house, chicken- houses; over H
acre of ground; electric cars pass the door;
. nestles at the base of the foothills; protected
. from the high winds; close to the main county
i road boulevard, which makes this very desir-
able property: grammar school and postofflce
near by; terms can be given with small cash
payment down; all Improvements brand new.
WILL SELL YOU A LOT AND BUILD
YOU A HOME ON EIASY MONTHLY PAY-
MENTS.
$75 lots In the beautiful Rosa Lee Tract;
flne soli; grand view; new homes rapidly going
up; no cold winds or wet fog*, and lots only
$t5 each; ■«."! down, balance $2 SO per month.
CHAS. F. LEE. 1222 Frultvale ave.-
H. A. PLEITNER. Frultvale Station, CaL
1 $11EO — Very neat cottage of 3 large rooms and
: bath; all hard finished; good well and
pump: barn, chicken-houses, etc.; fruit
trees: lot 75x100; In Upper Frultvale; easy
terms.
$1650 — New modern cottage of 4 rooms, hall,
bath, basement: lot 50x125: macadamized
street and handy location; small sum
down, balance can remain on mortgage; j
close to Frultvale ave.
$1850 — Beautiful home of 5 rooms: new and
modern; magnificent view; lot 60x144;
fruit trees, chicken-houses, etc. ; 3 blocks
from Frultvale ave. car line.
$1600 — New cottage of 3 rooms,' bath; lot 80x
265, having 2 frontages; one -block from
car line; terms to suit.
$2000 — Very attractive cottage of 5 rooms; all
new and modern: mantel, porcelain bath;
lot 8Sxl2!>; only 4 blocks from local sta-
tion; terms if desired.
$1950— Fine cottage of 6 large rooms, large re-
ception hall, bath, basement: lot 60x122:6;
6 blocks from Frultvale station; this is a
big bargain.
$1350— Good cottage of 4 rooms, all hard fin-
ished, basement, macadamized street: 4
blocks from local station; easy terms; this
Is a great opportunity.
$2400-— Substantial cottage of 6 rooms and bath,
barn, chicken-houses, fruit trees, half acre
of land; $300 down, balance easy pay-
ments. -
$2250 — Most beautiful home of B rooms; all
new and modern: porcelain bath, mantel;
all fenced; lot 65x160; best part of Frult-
vale.
Half acres In orchard at $600 each; lots at
$75 each; one block from car line.
H. A. PLEITNER. Frultvale Station, Cal.
W. E. RUDELL.
Resl Estate and Insurance.
Corner Frultvale ave. and Washington St.
$1200— House of 3 rooms, barn, chicken-
houses and. yard: 4 blocks from car line; 15
minutes' walk from station; lot 50x250; terms
If desired; this is a snap.
$<)00 — House of 6 rooms ; chicken and pigeon
houses, flowers, etc.; lot 100x100; near church
and school.
$650 — Part cash; Jot 60x110: location can't
be beat; close to school and depot; street Im-
provements all finished. .
$650 — $400 cash: house of 8 rooms; In good
location; lot 35x125; ten minutes' walk to de-
pot-dose to car line. .
$750— House of 3 rooms and bath; city water;
Email barn: 2 blocks from Fourteenth-st. car
line: terms If desired.
-. $1850 — Cottage of 5 nice rooms, bath, . gas;
city water and sewer; on macadamized street;
chicken houses and yard: fruit trees, flowers
and berry bushes; one block from schoolhouse;
one block from car line; four short blocks from
station: this property can be bought with
$500- balance $16 80 per month.
$2500— House ot 8 rooms and . bath: large
stable, chicken bouses and runs; good well
with force ■ pump; fruit trees. , berry bushes
and vegetables; corner lot. 135x145; 2 blocks
from car line: reasonable terms.
W. E.; RUDELL, Frultvale ave., Frultvale.
__ _ S p E ciAL
FOR THIRTY DAYS. »
LINDA PARK, LINDA PARK, LINDA PARK.
' ' The terminus of 5-cent fare, Haywards cars;
streets graded and graveled: stone fide walks:
depot on tract: lots from $50 to $20Oj $20 cash
and balance $10 per month: 15 blocks to local
train- 'best located i property on San Leandro
road •'. graded school on tract. .' • Apply to S. S.
AUSTIN, flOl Twenty- third ave.. Oakland.
$750— CHOICE corner lot on Frultvale ave., 60
xl25- splendidly located and a snap.
$650— Cut from $750 to make quick sale; 60x
163- In fruit; half block off Fruitvale ave.;
nice homes all around; worth $900; easy
. '•' . ■.! BELDEN. 1112 Broadway, Oakland.
$2500— 5-ROOM house r and Van acre of land
partly seeded to alfalfa; some fruit and flow-
ers; on car line: this Is certainly a bargain.
Apply ■ M. C. GIBSON.- 1326 Frultvale ave.
' Phone Vale 290. Frultvale.
JUDSON'S subdivision on I Frultvale ave.: ( B
minutes' walk , to station: lots 50x145 -■ at a.
' bargain : • terms to suit. * For particulars call
at JUDSON & CO.'S.; 1316 Fruitvale ave.,
Frultvale/ ," . ' ; •
FOR* sale— 300 nlce'chlckens. ; 10 houses. large
lot of wire, fence, % all ' complete, for -i $375-
• rent $10 per. month; 5-room house." stable 2
■ /.acres . land., M. U.\ KENISTON, Dlamo'nd
'P. O_ corner Hopkins st and PsraJta "«v
CHAS. F.
FRUITVALE APVEKT'STS i
rBUITVAXE BEAI. ESTATE.
$1200— 3-ROOM cottage and basement; lot
60x100.
$1300 — 4-room cottage; near car line.
$1500— 5-room cottage; lot 93x80.
$2200 — 6-room new house, with barn and J
chicken-house.
$25CK) — 6-room cottage and 6 lots.
$3000 — 6-room cottage and barn; 100x200. •
$3500 — 7-room cottage, modern Improvements;
lot 40x150.
$4500— Large two-story houss. lot 140x300. '
Many other desirable residences for salt by
J. W. WILBUR & CO.. Dimond. Alameda Co. ,
BARGAIN — On new Scenic boulevard. large
7-room cottage; 2 acres land; flne shrub-
bery: price. $4500. See owner on property. '
between Central and Seminary aves.. Fruit-
vale. !
OAKLAND ADVERT'S'^TS [
OFFICE. lOlC BROADWAY.
OAgLAZTD BEAX ESTATE. !
PIEDMONT FOR SALE. PIEDMONT
PIEDMONT CHOICE RESI- PIEDMONT
PIEDMONT DENCE SITES. PIEDMONT
OPPOSITE
THE GOLDEN OATB
PIEDMONT PIEDMONT
PIEDMONT ELEVATION PIEDMONT
400 FEET.
PIEDMONT PIEDMONT
PIEDMONT PIEDMONT
35 MINUTES FROM SAN FRANCISCO.
PIEDMONT IS 8ITUATED ON THB HIGH
GROUND IN OAKLAND.
CONVENIENT FOR SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS MEN.
83 Minutes by Key Route to Saa Trandsoo.
Trains Every 20 Minutes.
COMMANDS 60-MILD PANORAMA OT THH
HARBOR, THE BAY. THE MOUN-
TAINS AND GOLDEN OATB.
Protected from the winds; above the fog; at-
mosphere clear, dry and bracing.
AN IDEAL SPOT FOR THOSE TROUBLED
WITH COLDS, ASTHMA OR WEAK
THROAT.
16 minutes from center of Oakland; streetcars
every 10 minutes until 1:20 a, m.
FINE RESIDENCE SITES.
$25 to $40 per front foot; any frontage; depth
. from 125 to 200 feet. t
■~™™"^^~
THE MOST BEAUTIFUL AND CONVEN-
IENTLY SITUATED RESIDENTIAXi SU-
BURB ON THE PACIFIC COAST.
Houses built on payment of 20 per cent total
cost of house and lot: balance as rent.
THE REALTY SYNDICATE,
1213 Broadway, 14 Sansoms St.,
Oakland. S. 7.
- TAYLOR BROS. A CO..
Real Estate. Insurance and Financial Agvats.
Telephone Cedar 351, 1236 Broadway, Oakland.
KEY ROUTE COTTAGE.
$3,230— Neat 6-room cottage; modern through-
out; small amount cash, balance on
terms to suit: Piedmont ave., close to
depot. ,
A BUNGALOW COTTAQBv
$3,000— Here U a dandy, up-to-dats little
home; easy walking distance of new
Key Route; combination fixtures; sewer
and street work complete; lot 37:6x113
feet; $1000 cash, balance; arranged by
mortgage. 1690
OWNER WIRES US TO GET OSTOR.
$3.800— -A handsome 7-room dwelling; very
stylish In <every respect; combination
fixtures; open plumbing: flne large>
bathroom; 27th st.. near Telegraph ave.;
this price has been reduced $600; owner
a non-resident and forced to sail. 1613
A RARE INVESTMENT.
$12,500— Lot 105x130 feet; within thres' blocks
of 14th and Broadway; a 17-room resi-
dence thereon 111 perfect condition;
modern in every respect and Is now
renting for $80 per month: present ten-
ant willing to take Sve years' lease and
pay additional rent for more rooms
added; there are 60 feet of available,
building ground adjoining the house,
which could be Improved, and is worth
at least $100 per front foot: this prop-
erty Is surrounded by the finest homes
In Oakland and represents a cost of
over $25,000.
OFFICE OPEN SUNDAYS FROM 10 TO
12 A. M.
TAYLOR BROS. & CO..
1236 BROADWAY. OAKLAND, CAU
80 VERT CHOICE LOTS 80
- Situated on the Heights near Senator
' Perkins' Restdencs.
THE MOST PICTURESQUE RESIDENCE
LOCATION IN OAKLAND.
We respectfully invlt* you to Investigate
this property for use as an Ideal home. Ac-
cessibility — electric cars pass the property
on both sides. Transfers are Issued to all
parts of Oakland, Berkeley and Alameda; I
It Is also within walking distance of the lo-
cal trains to San Francisco. Fine elevation
(Insuring perfect sanitation), magnificent
views of harbor and Its environments.
STREET WORK COMPLETE. Several flne
houses constructed on the property; aa ele-
gant residence Just completed.
I THE E. P. VANDERCOOK CO.,
1016 Broadway. Oakland.
San Francisco Office, room 232, Mills bids;.
$4700 — WILL buy an elegant up-to-date house
of 7 rooms and bath; NW. corner, not far
from 34th and Telegraph; must be seen
to be appreciated. (510-9).
$4000 — Snap; new modern house; never been
occupied; 9 rooms and bath: south front-
. age; situated in Linda Vista, V* block
from cars. (470-1).
$3000 — Is a bargain for an 8-room house oa
Edwards et., near Telegraph ave.; lot 50x
115. (510-12).
$2000— Fine modern cottage; 5 rooms and bath;
very high basement; lot 80x124; Chestnut
•t.. near 21st; $500 down. (300-1^.
For ouick sales list your property with us.
F. F_ PORTER, 468 Eighth st. Oakland.
CLEARANCE SALE OF BANK PROPERTT.
Ws have been exclusively authorised to sell
en easy terms the remaining Oakland proper-
ties acquired by the
SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION 1 J
under foreclosure of mortgage.
We will sell these properties at figures far
below the present market rates. If you want
a bargain call or write us for particulars.
J. H. MACDONALD to Co.,
1062 Broadway.
NICE modern house, nearly new; near Lake
Merritt: close to new street car extension. Just
In operation, greatly increasing value: 7 rooms;
lot 55x232; price reduced to $3000; $200 cash,
balance like rent.
9 rooms; modern; lot 30x100, lying high with
cement retaining wall; In East Oakland, near
new Key Route service; $3500; $300 cash, bal-
ance- like rent.
Mansion in East Oakland; 14 rooms; 8 lots;
suitable for sanitarium or private hospital;
$0500; easy terms.
W. N. RUSSELL,
801 California St.. San Francisco, Cal.
BELDEN 1 S BARGAINS.
$2230 — New 6-room cottace on West st., and
lot 28x140; easy terms.
$2500— Best buy In town; nice 1 6-room cottaga
- right In center of the city.
$2350— Fine business corner on Franklin st.:
- 50x75. with Improvements: worth $3000.
$2375 — Handsome new cottage and lot 30x100,
near 34th and West sts. snd Key Routs
depot; easy terms.
$1000 will buy 4-room cottage or 16th St., near
Center.
BELDEN, REAL ESTATE,
1112 BROADWAY, OAKLAND.
HOW IS THIS?
SVe will build you a 6-room cottage, with
■ high basement and modern ia every respect
.. Lot 60x100 feet, on north side of street, less
than 2 blocks from Key Route on Piedmont
ave. ; ■ street work all done. .
Terms. $500 down, balance to suit. Come
and tee the oians. . -
C..E. REED. 468 Eleventh st.. Oakland.
$3000— Two-story house, 8 rooms, all modern
' conveniences, well located, near Tele-
graph: owner must have money and will
sacrifice.
$00— «P«r foot: lot on Webster St.; close in;
just the thing for flats.
C. K. MARSHALL.. 1070 Broadway.
$3600— FINE new Eastfeke cottage; high base-
ment; enamel bathtub; nickel-plated plumb-
Ing; wash trays; flne mantel: gas fixtures;
hardware Is excellent; lot 31x100; street work
complete; near Key route and electric cars:
■ $500 cash, balance on easy terms. GEORGE
W. AUSTIN. 10C2 Broadway. ; Oakland.
$2350 — MODERN cottage; 7. rooms, bath; lot
. 50x133; driveway, barn, fruit trees; 3 min-
utes, to Key Route and 3. P. trains; take
Key Route, Piedmont train, get off Hollls
st. Se* ownec 131 Hollls st_ North OaklaaA.
OAKLAND APYERT'S'M'TS
OAgLAWD SEAL ESTATE.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
400-462 Eighth St., Oakland.
$3000 — One of Linda Vista's choicest cornersj
100x123; fine 7-room house; grand' view;
' stable; owner leaving; sacrtSca.
$6000 — Elegant 2-story. 7 rooms: steam heater:
hardwood floors; 50x123; choice Vernoa
Heights residence.
$5000— Pair new flats. 5 rooms each; income
$30 month; near Telegraph and Twenty-
seventh sts. . ___ _^
$5800— Six tenements and cottage: rent $?• 50
month; railroad corner; 73 feet; close in;
Immediate enhancement; reduced $1200.
$4230 — Business corner, stora and flat: income
$43 SO; prominent street: close In.
$3730 — Income $51o per annum; ps.tr close la
■ fiats; mortgage forcing sale; offer wanted.
$3S0O — Splendid two-story. S rooms; SOxlSSi
nicely located; instructions ax* to tellj
$3000 mortgage; $S50 takes It.
$4000 — Home sacrifice; fins modern; 8 rooais,
basement: excellent condition: larre lotj
choice location; between Telegraph avs.
and Grove St.; close In.
$3300— Modern house. 7 rooms; newly tlntedl
3 toilets, basement; 103x230; Upper FrulW
vale.
$3330 — Fine modern colonial. 6 rooms; 119-tsx
date; near West st.; convenient to TSjuf
Roots.
$3600 — New cottag*. 8 rooms, bath, basement t
combination fixtures; driveway; 37:*xl20:
cement walks; near Thirty-fifth and W«
streets.
PIEDMONT VILLA BZTBBL "
A superb property Just being offered ; 4 lots.
100x200 each; tn same block are four $20, •
000 to $4O.00O homes; another magnificent
home soon to be erected; choicest property
tn Piedmont; see these.
$2000 — Two- story house, 8 rrvocas. bath,] 83x3Mf
Klrkhaax st. corner; $300 cash.
$1750— Modern cottage. 4 rooms, bath, base-
ment, mantel, grate, brick foundation.
well, city water; 40x134; street work com-
plete; near 8. P. and Key Routs station* j
snap.
$18G0 — Neat cottage. S rooms, bath, basemssti
80x111; rest $13; near Eighteenth and
Adeltn*.
$1700 — Cottage. B rooms, bath, basement; n»as>
local*; easy walk to Broadway; $300 casa.
$2000 — Good 10-room house, barn, well. wlaA*
mill; corner; 60x200; Frultvals.
$1400— Neat cottage. 5 rooms, baseman t; 23a
133; near Key Route and 8. P. staiirns.
$1230 — Cottage, 3 good living rooms, bara.; SOI
100; near Thirty-third and Grove.
TWO LOT BARGAINS.
$600— Fine West-it, lot. 60 ft. frontagsj norOs
of Fortieth st.: owner will sacrifice toe
quick cash sale.
$000— Fine Glenvlew lot, T3xl23; street m*-
cadamtied; rapid transit service; owns*
needs money and must sell; a bargain.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
460-462 Eighth St.. Oakland.
CHAS. C. HULBERT, » <
Successor to Frank P. Lee,
011 Broadway, Oakland.
LI3T1NO YOUR PROPERTY WITH VS
MEANS SELUNO IT.
LISTINO YOUR FLATS OR FLOORS MEANS
RENTING THEM.
MAKES AN EASY LTVINO.
TOR BALE — BARGAIN — Apartment-house of
17 rooms, clearing $K0 per mo. ; completely
furnished; with cottage in the rear that
rents for $12 mo.; lot 50x133; price for
all. $4000. or will exchange for five-room
cottage.
$1800— FOR SALE— Store building, with lot
• dXlvl; I Jfln>B St.
BARGAIN.
$4000 — Buys beautiful house of 9 rooms and
bath; electric lights: gas; hot and cold
water: Santa Clara ave.
Two-story house. 8 rooms and bath; lot 85Hx
155; 300 feet from Lake Merritt: magnifi-
cent view.
$1450 — Buys a good cottage. 4 rooms anil bath.
all sunny; East Oakland.
$4500 — Buys new cottage; completely furnished
with new, uj>- to-date furniture; 63-foot
frontage; Vernon Heights.
SNAP.
$1800—4 rooms and bath; almost osw; lot 25x
125; all street work done; cement side-
walks; convenient - to all local tralnsi
Berkeley.
BARGAIN. N
Most attractive house on Grervs st.. of T rooms
and bath; sras and electrio lights; fins
stable: lot 50x130.
$3300 — Buys fin* house; 8 rooms and bath; lot
33x100; on Vernon Heights: magnificent
view; terms. $1200 cash, balance $23 per
month.
14000— Santa Clara ave.; bargain; beautiful 9-
room house (new); electric lights; gas; hot
and cold water-, lot 40x170; see this.
CHAS. C. HULBERT.
»U BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
A. J. SNYDER.
Real Estate Broker and Dealer.
4«7 Ninth Street.
$2S00 — Thirty-first st.. cottage. 9 rooms aa*
bath; see tbls at once.
$2300 — Myrtle St., between Twelfth and Four-
teenth sts., good cottage of 5 rooms and
bath; must be sold In the next ten days.
$3100 — North side of Fourteenth st., near Mag-
nolia, story and one-half house. S rooms
and bath, stable; this is a bargain.
$2330 — Sixteenth St.. near Market, cottage of
• 6 rooms and bath, basement; place rents
for $20 per month.
$3250— Nineteenth St.. near Castro, lot ST:6z
100, house of 7 rooms and bath: property
la the neighborhood selling fur $&> per ft.
$2730 — Sixth St., near Webster, 2-story, 6 rooms
and bath. , '■- ."> .:.- ;
A. J. SNYDER,
Real Estate Broker and Dealer,
467 Ninth Street.
KARL H. NICKEL,
Rooms 63-63, Bacon building.
EXTRAORDINARY OFFEH
CENTRAL PIEDMONT.
Owing to a transfer of business Interest of 0ns)
of my clients. It becomes necessary for him,
to dispose of land recently acquired for resi-
dence purpose, and in order to insure & quick
■ale and th« closing up of the ma.-.ter oefor«
his departure for the. East, offers It at *
reduced price. The property Is within X
block of electric cars conectinjr with Key
Route trains; all street work done; that
property will cut up Into 8 splendid lots of
62 feet, ranging In price from $1500 to $20©o.
which, at prevailing prices, would - be worth
from $1730 to $3000. If you want on* ec
the three call on me immediately at
Rooms 62-63. Bacon building. :
KARL H. NICKEL.
DR. MERRITT ESTATE PROPERTY FOU
SALE.
Ws have been appointed exclusive sgents by
the trustees of the Samuel Merritt Hospital
for the sale of all the property belonging to ths>
' said hospital and fronting on Jackson, Madi-
son Oak, Twelfth and Thirteenth sts.. tnclud-
lng""Tfce WUlows." on Oak St.. extending back
to Lake Merritt, recently under option to th*
City of Oakland for park purposes; also th*
Merritt homestead.
•Ws nave both Improved and unimproved
properties to offer: most desirable restdsac*
properties In Oakland.
FOR PARTICULARS CALL 'AND SEB CA,
. J. H. MACDONALD & CO..
1082 Broadway.
' ' . ■ ■ t
HERE IS MY CHANCE.
That's What You'll Say When You Ses It.
OWNER TO LEAVE CITY.
Must sell his Income property, consisting at
two Improvements. In very good order: lar*»
lot. near Key Route. ctose_to Telegraph ave.
ONLY $— 1 30. -
1 » HARRY U HOLCOMB. :
314 San Pablo svra,. 1
> Real ' Estate, - i §£»i3^al
t Insurance.
j - - RsaUbs^
Exclusive Agents.
' ONE of the most attractive homes, eonsistinjt
of 8 rooms. In close proximity to Key routs;
1 absolutely new; every modern convenience;
large lot; really very desirable In every re-
I ,nect- must be sold at sacrifice. Call oa or
address ROBERT P. DEY. 538 Twenty.third
; at.. Oakland. *
a GRAND bargain in one of the most elegant
homes In Oakland: 520 Thirtieth st. for
$5C€0 cash: lot 40x140; built by Wright.
built right and owned by F. P. WRIGHT.
38<J Tenth st.. Oakland.
: SPECIAL BARGAINS.
ciift for lot 32x100: all street work doas.
' p C LASSEJ & CO.. 486 10th St..
t Oakland. CaL
! I For Additional Classified Adverts*
. r wnratx See Pace Fort j-Ftm*.
4344
OAKLAND ADVT'SM'NTS.
OA-gXkAtTP HEAL ESTATE.
HOLCOMB, BREED & BANCROFT, Inc.,
1060 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
15000 — Elegant home Just being finished np on
that choice tract on Webeter St., near
28th. This property will be worth a third
more in two years. The' only way to
appreciate thla U to eee It; 8 rooms; 40-
foot lot
$4700— North Oakland home of 8 large rooms.
This fine residence on a lot 74x150 feet
ls located In first-das* neighborUood.
Terms. ' '
$3000— Thl* moet beautiful little home, located
In Berkeley' a choicest resident section, ls
to be sacrificed; former price $3800. See
us at or.ee.
1338
$2S50 — Inducing carpets and etove and heater
for an elegant little rcttage of 5 rooms.
Just completed but parties going away.
Lot 40x135; convenient to cars and almost
on Key route line for San Francisco.
132
$:«00 — Her* It is. The very thing you have
. been looking for. Story and a half cot-
tage of 6 rooms, finished eff in most com-
plete and modern way. Only two ■ blocks
from Key route station. This cottage was
put up by the best contractor in Oakland
and you can't beat lt for $3500. See us
for particulars.
232
S12S0 cash, balance 00 your terra*, will buy a
6-room house on Sherman st.. near Tele-
rraph ave.; lot 37:6x115. This is prac-
tically a new bouse, having been built
only two years.
CHOICE BUILDING LOTS.
Lot 32x115, oa Alcatraz ave. This lot ls cheap,
but it Is going to increase in value, and
like all good things It won't last Only
/ $625.
$C0O— Another rood one; lot 35x115, In North
Oakland. Eee us quick If yon want this.
M700— Lanre lot In the heart of Berkeley'*
busisesa blocks. An unsurpassed lpcatlon
for storea. It is not necessary for us to
tell you what !s doing In Berkeley prop-
erty. Will Increase in value right along.
Com* In and let us tell yon about that cheap
property to Latham Terrace in East Oak-
land. VTe have lota there at $10 per foot
Located above the fog and only few min-
utes by car from Oakland. See us for
term*.
L.T. -•
We have building lots from $350 up. In every
part of Oakland. Berkeley and Fruitvale.
Oan sell for cash, half cash, third cash
or en asy terms you war.t.
HOLCOMB. BREED & BANCROFT. Inc.,
1060 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
& 3. STEWART &. CO..
1008 BROADWAY, OAKLAND.
BARGAINS IN SEVERAL VERY CHOICE
LOTS IN GOOD LOCATION; ALSO IM-
proved property. wd have the
. largest and most complete list of
desirable property in the city to
choose from. special attention
given to our sales department.
■ no trouble- to show our property.
71850 — Foreclosure sale; beautiful 6-room
house, with high basement brick founda-
tion, bath, stationary tubs, hot and cold
water; lot 60x180 ft; barn. chicken-
house, berry bushes, fruit trees; this
property is located within one block of
S. T. trains and car lines in one of the
choicest neighborhoods of Oakland; owner
is obliged to sell property this week on
account of mortgage.
$2500 — Brand new 5-room cottage, Juet fin-
ished, on north side of 35th st. ; pine fin-
ish, with elegant oak mantel; all mod-
ern conveniences; lt is a pick-up at this
ficure; close to electric cars and Key
Route and can be bought on easy terms.
(2850 — Must be sold at once; cottage of 5 large
sunny rooms; bath, closets high, boarded
basement; all in first-class repair and
modern in every respect; on fine residence
street not far out; rents readily for $30
per month; this ls a capital investment.
UNIMPROVED lots on north side of etreef
S5xll5 feet; etreet work complete; electric
cars pass this property; within a block of
pub'.ic echool; a chance for builders to make
money; ririce $525 each.
E. J. STEWART & CO..
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
ELROD & HULL.
NOTHING ANCHORS A MAN TO THE
SOIL UKE A HOME) — throw oul your anchor
NOTHING BRINGS ANY SURER RETURNS
THAN LANDED INVESTMENTS— invest your
surplus.
WE HAVE MANY DESIRABLE PROPO-
SITIONS.
No. 29 — $1500^ — Takes a S-room. hlgn-baee-
tnci.t cottase. barn and 50x150 lot; some fruit
tre*s and shrubbery; 1 block from Tel. ave.
No. SO — 31G50 — Four- room cottage; chicken-
, houses; iot 40x100; 1 block from Tel. ave.
No. 20— f 2250— A good 5-room bouse; 1 block
from Key rout»; nice lot; desirable.
No. 16 — $2700— A strong, well built 7-room
cottage, with high basement; lot 40x150; com-
mands fine view; on car line.
No. SI — Sl'ioO — Six-room house; barn; sewer;
city water: electricity; shrubbery, etc. ; a gar-
den ejjot; let 122x1 CO.
No. SO — $550u — S-room. 2-story house; bath;
hot and cold wat-r; windmill and tank; chick-
en-houses and yards: cherry trees in full bear-
ing; barn; lot 50x2S0; near boulevard; fine
\ country home.
No. 99— $5000— Hous* of 8 rooms; high base-
ment; nice garden; lot 75x200; a Frultvale ave.
corner.
No. 4 — A North Oakland corner investment;
lot is 60x148; at present contains 4-room cot-
tage; exceptional chance.
WE HAVE ANY NUMBER OF DESIRABLQ
LOTS FOR SALE. EITHER FOR CASH OR
OX THE SMALL MONTHLY PAYMENT
PLAN. WE WILL BUILD YOU A HOUSE
IF yOU WISH. ON ANY LOT YOU MAY
BELIXT.
ELROD & HULL,
PHONE RED 6881. 1209 BROADWAY.
THE CHANCE OF A LIFETIME— Elegant 6-
room cottage; sunny e!de of etreet; 5 min-
utes' walk to train; open plumbing; open
lawn; swell colonial exterior plan; large re-
ception hail, parlor, dining-room; 5 ft Ore-
gon pine paneling; high basement; must be
aold at once; this ls a snap; prtce $3000;
easy terms.
Don't miss this; must be sold at once; ele-
gant Queen Acne 6-room modern house: sunny
side of etreet: paneled dining-room ; pillared
arch from reception hall to parlor: Quaker
fireplace; porcelaia bath; open plumbing; large
aancy porch with turned posts: open lawn;
cement walks around house and only 5 short
blocksv from train ; swell neighborhood; price
: $3250. Including large pas range and vent
hood; Deasy water heater; only small cash
payment required.
KREISS & HORSWILL,
1070 Broadway.
ALDZ.N REALTY CO.. 51M Telegraph are
Phone Black 64S1.
$30 front foot — On Telegraph ave.; good busi-
ness corner.
,H0 front foot — 100 feet east of Telegraph
"ave.. near new Key Route depot: sewer work
done.
$12 front foot — On Cherry *t, near Telegraph
ave.: handy to Key Pjjute; lot 35x140.
$330 cash. $25 per month — New modern two-
•torr «-room house; street work complete-
handy to Key Route; price $2*500; lot 85x140;
good neighborhood.
$250 cash. $25 per month— New modern high
basement 5-»-oom cottage; lot 60x100; price
$22^0; 2 blocks to Grove et Key Route depot
CHICKEN RANCH AND A GOOD ONE
$1 500 cash: monthly payments to suit; good
4-room cottajre. veranda around; 10 chicken-
botis«', brooding-house and brooders; 20 00O-
. pal tank: water piped all over place* young
fruit trees; 1% acres all wire fenced: close to
♦lectric cars and boulevard connecting with
Key route: sandy loam soil; away from fogs
end cold winds; stock of chickens ro with
place; death the cause cf selling; it's a bar-
gain: price, all told. $3750. Call or send for
circular. 4S3 SevenUl et. opp. Broadway sta-
tion. Oakland. Carriage free. H. Z. JONES,
Land Owner.
$4200 — STORE and flat; new and modern; a
rare chance to get a good piece of business
property located at terminal of Key Route;
flat rented under lease for 2 years at $30
per month: Ftore would bring $25 per month;
' a good oper.lng for any ldod of business or
» for investment.
KREISS & HORSWILL
1070 Broadway. Oakland.
$12,r»0O — A MODERN house. of 17 rooms; lot
lOSxlSO: 1 block from new P. O. ; rent $90
per month.
f 10. 000— 4 flats cf T rooms each; lot 60x100;
3 blocks from Broadway and Tenth St.; rent
$97 month.
HUGH M. CAMERON,
1058 Broadway.
A 15 PER CENT
INVESTMENT.
$3800 — Two flat* with a 8-room cottage;
rents $43 60 month and well. located; owner
must have money and will sacrifice. THE
ALDEN' CO.. 1233 Broadway.
HERE IS A BAR.OAOT!
$1800 only for a 6-room house, with email
rtore: cood location. P*>e P. C. LASSEN &
CO.. 406 Tenth et, Oakland.
$C5O0 — MODERN " house; 9 rooms; beautiful
grounds: walking distance. Box 1560, Call
office. Oakland.
BARGAIN— Beautiful 7.r. home In Piedmont;
' fine neighborhood; good location: near, car
line: will cell cheap: most be seen to be ap-
preciated. Apply to E. JklORRlfl. t75 8«th at
OAKLAND APVERT'S'M'TS
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
FOR RENT — That handsome, upper fiat of 0
large rooms with bath, pantry, paneled din-
ing room*, etc.; sunshine all day; situated
at 310 22d st. east of Webster; has large
separate yard In rear: owner takes care of
lawn, ashes, garbatre, eta.; rent for $27 per
month. Arcly to
JAS. S. NAISMITH.
634 13th st
- r^OAiCIiAHI) _ FIATS _ TO _XJMf.
FURNITURE: of 0-room flat for aale; flat for
rent cheap on account of going away. 351
10th at. Oakland.
OAKLAKD BOOMS TO LET.
ADEUNA 735 — Room to let.
ONE or two large, dean, sunny rooma, single
or housekeeping; central. 615 Fifteenth st
WEST. 106L Oakland— Room to let
OASLAND PUBSirUEE FOB SALE.
TO-MOKROW the day for bargains In furnt-
tur«. H. Schelhaa*. 11th at.. cor. atore. Oakland
MILL VALLEY ADV'BT'S'M'TS
ami; tamct its at. rs-"*^.
$::00 TO $S00 — Ten ser cent cash, balance $10
rncnthly; nee large lots; graded streets; pure
mountain water; grand redwood trees;
charming views; right at the station; they
are selling fast; 130 lot* sold; asnd for il-
lustrated booklet LYON & HOAG, 116
Montgomery at : ■.-'
San Francisco Ad vertisem'ts
CEUBCH SlUtVlUSS.
CENTRAL M. E. Church, Mission st, between
Sixth and Seventh — At the morning service
the pastor. Dr. George W. White, will give
tha nrst of a series of sermons on the sub-
ject, "Is the Apostles' Creed Obsolete?"
Evening subject, "If Christ Should Come."
Sunday school, 12:45, Holla V. Watt super-
intendent Young People's meetings at 0:15
p. m. Seats free. A warm welcome. Good
music. Concert begins at 7:30 p. m.
CALIFORNIA Street Methodist Church, cor-
ner California and Broderick sts. — The pas-
tor, liev. George A. Hough, will preach
morning and evening. Morning theme,
"Silent Witnesses." Evening, "A Solution
of the Temperance Problem." Special muaic
by fine chorus choir. All seats free.
Strangers Invited. Sunday school at 9:45
a. m. Epworth League at 0:30 p. in.
SIMPSON Memorial Methodiat Churoh, oorner
of Hayes and Buchanan sts. — Rev. James
H. N. Williams, pastor, will preach at 11
a. m. on "Songs at the End of the Way."
At 7:30 p. m. the choir Mr. I. E. Blake
director, will give Rossini'* "Stabat Mater"
in its entirety.
GRACE Church, California at. oorner of Stock-
ton — Rev. David J. Evans, rector. Celebra-
tion of Holy Communion, 6 a. m. Litany,
second celebration of Holy Communion, with
sermon by the rector, 11 a. m. Offertory
Motet "Immnnuel" (Thayar). Monthly
msisical service, 7:45 p. m. All seat a free
at this service: Organist and choirmaster,
William H. Holt
FIRST Unitarian Church, S.W. corner Geary
and Franklin eta.. Rev. Bradford Leavitt
minister — Junior church and Sunday school,
10 a. m.. Rev. Bradford Leavitt and C. A.
Murdock, superintendents; Sunday service,
11 a. m.; there ls no evening aervice; Mr.
Leavitt will preach; aubject "What Is
Christianity" ; music by quartet under direc-
tion of H. Bretherick. organist; all are cor-
dially Invited.
UNITARIAN Church (Second), corner Twen-
tieth and Capp sts. (take Mission or Valen-
cia at cars) — C. Caivert Smoot, minister;
residence 3470 Twentieth at The Sunday
school meets at 9:45 o'clock. Mrs. L. A.
Covel auperintendent At the morning Bar-
vice at 11 o'clock C. Caivert Smoot will
preach, subject, "Is Love Enough?" Music
by orchestra and choir, under the direction
of Mr. Jablsh Clement All cordially in-
vited. No evening service.
FIRST Presbyterian Church, Van Ness ave.
and Sacramento st. Rev. William Kirk
Guthrle, pastor — Th* pastor will preach at 11
a. m. and 7:30 p. m.; Sabbath aohool at 9:45
•a- m.; Christian Endeavor at 5:15 and 6:15
p. tn. ; Wednesday, *8 p. m., midweek aer-
vice; Thursday. 8 p. m.. closing meeting of
the year of the Men's Club; there will be a
musical programme and an address on "Good
Citizenship" by Fairfax Wheelan; all are
cordially invited.
CALVARY Presbyterian* Church, corner Jack-
sou and Fillmore sts. — Rev. John Hemphlll,
D.D.. pastor. Morning service at 11 o'clock;
sacrament of the Lord' a aupper; evening serv-
ice at 7:30 o'clock. Sermon topic. "Win-
dows Open Toward Jerusalem." The pastor
will preach at both services. Sabbath school
at 9:.?0 a. m. Christian Endeavor meeting at
0:30 p. m. Prayer meeting Wednesday even-
Ing at 8 o'clock. All are cordially Invited.
TRINITY Presbyterian Church, corner Twenty-
third an<l Capp sts.. Rev. Edward- K. Strong,
pasture — The sacrament of the Lord's aupper
will be observed at 11 a. m. ; Bible school
at 12:30 p. m. ; Endeavor Society at 6:30 p.
m.; evening public service at 7:80, subject:
"The Second Coming of Christ"; strangers
welcome.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post
and Mason stf. — Rev. George C. Adams,
D.D., pastor.* At 11 a. m., sermon by Rev.
C. M. Hartley. At 7:45 p. m., sermon by
Rev. H. Melville Tenney. All are cordially
invited.
THIRD Congregational, Fifteenth at, near
Mission — Rev. William Rader, paator, will
preach morning and evening. 11 a. m., "The
Place of the Church in the Affairs of the
People." 7:30 p. m., "Thomaa Carlyle— or a
Message From a Great Man's Resolution."
FIRST Baptist Church, 320 Eddy st— Rev. W.
E. Randall of Portland, Ore., preaches at 11
a. m. and 7:30 p. m. The Lord's Supper fol-
lows morning sermon. Bible school, 12:30
p. m. Christian Endeavor meetings. 6:30
p. m. Mid-week prayer service, Wednesday,
7:45 p. m. All welcome. Seats free. J
TRINITY Church. Bush and Gough sts.. Rev.
Frederick W. Clampett D.D.. rector — Holy
communion, 7:30 a. m. ; Sunday school, 9:30
a- m. ; morning prayer and holy communion,
11 o'clock; evening aervice at 8 o'clock; the
rector will preach at both services.
THE Eeventh-Day Advcntlst Church, corner
Twelfth and Brush sts., Oakland — Sunday,
D«c. 4, at 7:30 p. m., subject. "The Present
Tendency of Financial. Industrial and Eccle-
siastical Trusts." The subject ls of univer-
sal interest. Speaker, E. J. Hibbard of San
Francisco. The public cordially invited.
FIRST Church of Christ Scientist Central
block, 223 Sutter st, bet Kearny and Grant
ave.— Christian Science service at 11 a. m.;
subject of lesson-sermon. "God, the Preserver
of Man." Sunday school for children at the
name hour. Wednf-sday evening meeting at
8 o'clock; free reading-room, 206 Kearny at.,
rooms 509-510; all are welcome.
THE People'* Church meets every Sunday
evening in Elks' Hall, 223 Sutter stl, at 8
o'clock. "Question box" this evening^ Paa-
tor, Mrs. Anna L. Glllespie, residence 1101
O'Farrell Et. Social Monday evening at 708
Golden Gate av*.
A MEETING for men only will be held at the
Young Men's Christian Association, Mason
and Ellis st*., to-day, at 3 o'clock. Music
by the orchestra. Rev. B. R. Willis. D.D..
will deliver an address, which will be fol-
lowed by a sacred concert, group Bible atudy
clasrer nnd a fellowship luncheon. All men
Invited.
fifaEETINGS — STTSTJAT.
"PUBLIC" free baalln"g^of~sJck by Rexradlo
"to-day" 2 and 8 p. m. Radium Hall. 1
Fourth st. cor. Market; read ada In "per-
sonals."
TESTS — Scottish Hall,' 8 p.m. Maxwell, Ho-
vet, Wrenn. McKee. Willson, Samuels.
Lecture, Halm Brooks.
MRS. BTODDARD'S select full test reading
seances. 25c: Sunday, Tuesday; sittings
dally. 278 Ninth St.
STAR clairvoyant readings and healing dally;
test to-night; 10c. MME. EILEESPICKEN,
1035 Market st
ARTHUR HOWE, room 8, Seventh and Mar-
ket 2 p. m., deaerted shrines; messages,
MRS. HOWE. - --
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. • bus. medium and
■ life reader. 1206 Market r. 14, Gait House.
A — MRS. HARLAND; evening circle to-night
10c; readings 5Cc and $L 148 Sixth st
A — TESTS — Odd Fellows' building: 2 and 7-30~
WILSON; 7:30. HARGRAVE: 10c,
MRS. C. C. KOTTER — Circles to-nlghf lOo:
sittings dally; circles every night 43 6th st
MRS. EBERHARDT— Tests Sun., Tues. and
Thurs. eve.. 10c. 267 San Jost. bet 24th-25th,
MME. YOUNG'S test circle to-night 10c; Mrs.
Seal lecture*. 619 McAllister; come skeptics.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister st— Mrs. a
J. Meyer; sit daily; tests to all every eve., lOo.
MRS. LEISTER. 836 Mission st. — Circles Mon-
day and Fri. eves., 10c; sittings dally, 50c-$l.
W. G. KEEGAN holds a test seance every
night except Saturday; lOo. j 148 Bixth «t
C. V. MILLER'S, materializing ceano* te-dayj
itSO *. bl, *X 1QM Stub «L .. _T, _ .
THE SAN FRANCISCO ,CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER . 4, 1904. >
MEETIKG3— THEO3OPHICAa.
THE Theosophlcal Society, Academy of Sci-
ence* Hall — Public lecture, 8 p. m., by
Thomas Prime. Subject "The Soul and It*
Vestures." Muslo by Professor W. H. Llps-
comba. .
STTNDAT EECTTTBZS.
DR. JOHN A. KBRGAN'S free lectures this
evening, Electricians' Hall. 35 Eddy at; sub-
ject "How to Cultivate Strong Lungs," fol-
lowed by views of a visit to Norway and
8weden. Free tickets will be distributed for
X-Ray exhibition at sanitarium Tuesday
evening. Remember th* question-box. Spe-
cial music. ■*
ALHAMBRA to-night, 8 o'clock, Dec. 4. "Col-
orado Cruelties," troe story by word and
picture of Crlpp!* Creek strike as It really
was; told by -chairman executive board. West-
ern Federation of Miners; 100 life-size views;
greatest Industrial object lesson of twentieth
century; come early.
DR. BETTERO, th* Oriental Mystic— Free lec-
ture to-night, 8 o'clock. Odd Fellows' Me-
morial Hall, corner Seventh and Mark«t
"True Occultism." .. .".;•;-..'- '
O. X. ORLOW lecture on "Ho-Ga Breathing,"
Demonstrating self-help in mental disturb-
ance*. Golden Gate (upper) Hall, 8 p. m. 25c.
DR. COLLINGE— Subject "Elimination of Dis-
ease by Illumination of the Mind" ; Welcome
Hall, Odd Fellows building. 8 p. m.
HARRY GAZE. Golden Gate main hall; free
lecture at S. Subject, "How I Discovered
tha Secret of Everlasting Youth."
MISS FRANCES E. SPEYER speaks at Golden
Gate Hall to-day, 11 a. m.; subject "The
Vision of the Perfect Body.^ .
ARTHUR MORROW~LEWIS. Academy of Sol -
ences. Thursday; subject. "Ethics, Scientific
and Unscientific"; 10c.
JACK LONDON, Alhambra Theater, Sunday,
18th, 8 p. m.j subject, "The Scab." Ad. lOo.
Foresters' Hall. /102 O'Farrell; truth-seekers'
meeting. 8 p. nv; lecture, muslo, tests; free.
MEETTSTO NOTICES.
UNITY Lodge No. 131. L O. O.
1 F.— The Grand Master will be^jgfSsiefc
present TUESDAY EVENING,
December 6. All members are p '
urgently requested to attend. All members
of the order are invited. Odd Fellows' Hall,
Sixteenth and Valencia ets.
EX H. ANDREWS. N. O.
A, P. BUTTON, Recording Secretary. "
ODIN Lodge No. 393 I. O. O. F.— -*£3g">*iv.
Initiation WEDNESDAY. De- £n£*%iffl&
cember 7 (four candidates), and '-St{«5
election of officers. Visitors cor- *S*B3?'
dially invited.
GEORGE C. MOREN. N. G.
SWAN CHYTRAUS. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. I. O.
O. F.— Initiation MONDAY £c&l t l$2*--
NIGHT in presence of the grand '3fo$&v«$
mastnr; Memorial Hall; vial tors niMi *l8SJ->*^
cordially Invited. J. L RALPH, N. O.
GEO. FRY. R. S.
FAIRMOUNT Lodg* No. 108. K. of -<35
P. — Offlcera and members are
•notified to attend the funeral of 7yhf&
our deceased brother. A. R. POOLE, Jg2>£
SUNDAY AFTERNOON at 2 o'clock,
from hia late residence, 1159 Oak st By or-
der of the C. C. R. E. LANE. M. of F.
MODERN Woodmen of America. Good- Sfigs*'
fellowship Camp 9633, M. W. of A., I <*/
meets every MONDAY NIGHT at liAi)
Electricians' Hall. 35 Eddy at, city. vTf V
W. H. EDWARDS. V. C.
W. J. ELLIOTT. Clerk; office, room 627
Emma Spreckela building.
MARINE Engineers' Beneficial Association No.
85— Members are requested to attend the
funeral of our deceased brother, A. R.
POOLE, from his late residence, 1159 Oak
st, SUNDAY, December 4 at 2 o'clock p. m.
R. J. MURRAY, President.
W. M. COOMBS, Secretary.
MEMBERS of Longshore Lumbermen's Pro-
tective Association, Local No. 224, are re-
spectfully requested to attend the funeral of
our deceased brother, PAUL PETTERSON,
on Sunday, Dec. 4, at 1 p. m., from his Iato
residence, 1S% Geneva st. off Brannan, bet
Sixth and Seventh. Bring your badges.
JOSEPH DOWNHAM, President
GEORGE, G. HANSEN. Rec. Sec.
THE California Debria Commission, having re-'
■ceived applications to mine by hydraulic
process from Esther Jackson and John M.
Jackson,' in Brown Bear Placer Mine, near
New Mohawk. Plumas County, Cal., drain-
ins Into SulDhur Creek, which reaches Mid-
dle Fork Feather River, from Shasta Coun-
ty Quarts and Placer Mining Co.. In Mur-
. derera' Gulch Mine, near Stella, Shasta
County, Cal., draining into Clear Creelc,
which reaches Sacramento River, and from
William Nicholla Jr., in Duryea Placer
Mine, n«ar Red Dog, Nevada County, Cal..
draining into Greenhorn Creek. which
reaches Bear River, gives notice* that a
meeting to receive any protests will be held
at room 68. Flood building, San Francisco,
Cai. Dec. 12. 1904. at 1:30 p. m.
AGENTS WANTED.
A TYPEWRITER is the write thlnr for
Xmas. The queen of all novelties Is the
new Ideal Typograph; does as< good work as
any typewriter made and retails for only
$2 50. Agents don't have to talk. You
ehow it and take orders. Just think how
many you could sell to your friends for
Christmas preeents. If you will act as
agent send us the address of three school
trustees and $1 stamps or currency; we will
send typograph complete, prepaid. C. B.
WYNGIE, Pacific Coast agent, 626 Califor-
nia ct.. San Francisco.
AGENTS make $100 to $200 a month easy;
.everybody buys; guaranteed well known stock
paying 25 per oent dividends; no mining, oil
or fake, but legitimate proposition. Call 412
Crossley building. , .
SEVEN Vlsita to a Clairvoyant — Just out;
glvea you the real Information;. beat book for
agents: sample coDy by mall, 10 eta. P. C.
CUNNINGHAM, P. O. box 2439. San Francla-
co. "Cal.
AGENTS — We .pay $18 a week and expenses
to men with rigs to Introduce poultry com-
pound; year's contract. Imperial Mfg. Co.
Dept. 54, Parsons, Kans.
WANTED — Trustworthy man or woman for
small local offlce; we train our own people'
• weekly cash salary. Supt Local Dep't.. 223
N. 2d at. St Louis. • '
UNEXCELLED metal weatherstript for out-
side doors; phenomenal selling qualities
proven; big profits to hustlers. Introstlle Co
Marietta. Ohio.
$18 WEEK and expenses to men with rigs to
sell poultry goods. JAVELLB MFG. CO
Dept "B," Parsons, Kans.
AGENTS selling patented article; 100 per cent
proflt. R. J. H. Co., 426 Starr King bldg
San Franciscso.
WANTED — Lady and gentleman aollcltors to
handle good paying article*. Call 1934 Mar-
ket at .
PERFUMES, cosmetics, Christmas goods. Pa-
clflo Agents Supply Co., 1220 Treat ave., S. F.
LIVE agents can make $0 to $8 per day; legiti-
mate proposition. Call 400 Grant bldg.
GOOD proposition to agents. Call' Sunday, 10
a. m. to 8 p. m.. 213 Thirteenth st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
' United States or Canada one year for $1
postage paid.
ATTOBargyB-AT-lA'W.
A FRAUDULENT divorce ls dear at $12 and
ts no good; for 22 years I've made divorces
a specialty; quick; quiet; no money needed;
no pay unlees divorce Is granted; perfectly
reliable; lowest fees; advice free; collections
made. G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market st
R. W. KING, Attorney-at-law, Exam. bldg..
6th floor; entrance room 611; established 29
years; all courts, general court and offlce
practice; no fees in advance or for consulta-
tion; evening by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
AA — Divorce; coats $12; quick, quiet; ad vice free;
all law business; no charge unlesa success-
ful; open evenings. 927 Market at, room 301.
CONSULTATION free, private, confidential;
business leeally, promptly and energetically
transacted. W. Matthews, 632 Market room 23.
ADVICE free; divorce costs $12; no fees or
costs in advance; all law business; offlcs
open Saturday evenings. 819 Market at. r. 33.
JOHN GUIDERY. attorney-at-law - rooms 3
and 4, 240 Montgomery st ;% phone R*d 6617.
L. S. CLARK, 927 Market, room S04; consulta-
tion free; no fees In advance; open evening*.
A WEEK'S news for S cents — The Weekly Call.
16 page*, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
AtJTOMOBH.ES.
FOR sale— -1904 White Touring Car; . in flrst-
class condition; very speedy and any 'rea-
sonable demonstration desired. Owner is
purchasing larger car. Call or address L. P
LOWE, 676 Parrott building, San Francisco*
UP-TO-DATE touring car; in good condition:
■ any reasonable offer will be accepted, as I
need ready cash. Box 1040, Call. .
OLDSMOBILE — Four -passenger automobile-
cheap; reason for selling, need money. Box
1314. Call offlce.
FOR eale— An automobile for $600 that cost
$1550; run about a month. -Box 1499, CalL
CADILLAC Automobile, 1904. 11 for sale, $600.
Address box 1195 Call offlca.
ASTHMA CUBE. -j;
DI NOLA'S Asthma Remedy relieve* Instantly;
10c, 25<v 60c. 1602 Market St Nicholas;
also Wishart. 10th and Washington. Oakland.
ASTBQI.OGY.
ASTOR, famous N. Y. astrologer: man of-abil-
lty; advice, leaaons, booklet 997 Market st.
BOABDUTQ rpB CHHJ)BSIt.
WOULD like to board a child from birth up;
room for parents If necessary; term* reason-
able. First *t '
NURSE having her own home will board baby
from birth: have cows' and goats' milk. 208
Eurry «t. Glen Park.
BOY can have horn* comforts in doctor* a fam-
lly; $25 per. month. Box 1681. Call offlce.
CHILDREN to board: 2 Block* from aohool.
MR& M, WALLACE^ Fltaburg. Alameda.
WANTED— Children to board; best of . ref er-
ences; music. 408 Clement st, Richmond Dlst.
LITTLE girl to board; handy to school. 1015
Jackson at
WOULD like to board and room a child; also
room for parent 118 Page at
COMFORTABLE home for a child from 2 to
15. 1206 Golden Gat* ave.
CHILD to hoard. 188 Lexington avti
WANTED— Small child to board In private
family; best of care. 861% Greenwich st
A LADY would Ilk* a child to board. Box
1686, Call offlce.
BUSIITEBS CHANCES.
NORTON St CO..
LEADING BUSINESS AGENTS,
1104 Market at; phone Jessie 4471.
Offer the following bargains.
GRAND corner saloon, with 7^ living rooms;
just listed; long lease; clears $250 monthly;
asking only $2500 NORTON & CO.
GROCERY and bar, corner, north of Market;
owner compelled to go East; will sell for In-
voice price; a genuine bargain. NORTON
& CO.
ESTABLISHED for 23 years; book and sta-
tionery store; clears $135 monthly; 3 fur-
nished living rooms; offer wanted; retiring on
account of ill health. NORTON & CO.
CIGAR STAND, corner, one-half block from
Market; clears $100 monthly; a bargain for
$375. NORTON & CO.
FP.UIT and vegetable store, near Market; 3
living rooms; horse and wagon; rent $20; Al
business; only $250. NORTON & CO.
PARTNER wanted for chicken ranch, close to
dty; great chance for good worker; $400.
NORTON & CO.
F. A. BROOKBANK.
BUSINESS AGENT,
917 Market at, bet. Fifth and Sixth.
$150 — PARTNER for well-paying restaurant;
will clear you $75 mo. See BROOKBANK.
RESTAURANT— Al location; seata 54; new 6-
foot range; large kitchen; 2 living room*
connected; rent $22 50; worth $500; price
$300. See BROOKBANK.
PARTNER for old-established express and
transfer business. Horses, wagons, harness,
everything complete. Party must be able to
attend office. Will guarantee $75 monthly;
$500 cash required. Full particulars with
BROOKBANK.
I HAVE one of tlis beat paying propositions
oa Pacific Coaat'for 3 sober, reliable and
energetic men, who can invest $300 each,
and to same will be offered an interest and
position in a business which will clear from
$75 to $200 monthly to each. This ls no
"get rick quick scheme," but an old es-
tablished and ' reliable business, and one
which will stand the closest investigation.
Parties must furnish beat references, as
same will be tendered them. Full partlcu-
lara with BROOKBANK. 917 Market st.
SALOONS from $500 ud to $7000.
Groceries from $500 ud to $4000.
Restaurant: fine location: $900.
Branch bakeries, coffee-houses, city & coun-
try hotels, merchandise storea, roadhouses.
Lodging houses from 7 to 200 rooms.
For »ale and exchange, 385 acres in Santa
Clara County for a saloon; Oakland houses,
for lodging houses. EITEL & CARROLL,
212 Kearny st; tel. Red 6t?J2.
CORPORATION charters procured under the
laws of any State; 1904 digest corporation
laws of eleven leading States free to pros-
pectlvAj Incorporators and attorneys; K hand-
book. 150 pages, "Digest Corporation Laws
cf all States," $1. NATIONAL INCORPOR-
ATING COMPANY. Pierre, South Dakota.
WANTED — Reliable, energetic man to man-
age new, beautiful, big paying theater;
thriving city; without competition; salary
$100 monthly, but must buy quarter of half
interest; bears strictest investigation; none
i-«ed answer unless can interest financially
to insure attention, etc.; chance of lifetime
for proper party. Address "Opportunity."
care box 1514. Call offlce.
54.200— STORE and flat; new and modern; rare
chance to get a good piece of business prop-
erty, located at terminal of Key route; flat
rented under lease for 2 years at $30 month;
store would bring $25 per month; good open-
ing for any kind of business or for invest-
ment.
. KREISS & HORSWELL,
1070 Broadway. Oakland.
"GUIDE TO SUCCESS."
Booklet No. 31 tells, how $100 earned $680 in
8 days, $50 earned $375 in 5 days for our
customers; complete information on grain
and Ktock market pent with market letter on
receipt of postal. LOGAN & ROACH, Board
of Trado, Chicago.
?500 — CIGAR store for sale: (rood location;
fine fixtures; National cash register; re-
ceipts $15 daily; rent $40. Full value in
stock; owner leaving city: buyers be prompt ,
to secure this exceptional bargain.
A. STENBERG, 75& Market »t.
A CLEVER clothing man can obtain heavy
mall order business already established and
paying handsome returns; Market-st. loca-
tion; clears $500 month; requires $5000 to
$10,000; principals only. Box 1432, CalL
MANUFACTURER enlarging output requires
reliable man having satisfactory references
and $1500 to $3000 to Invest; money secured
and profitable interest In business given to
right man. Box 1610, Call.
$1200- : -RESTAURANT; well known, old es-
tabllshi-d and doing good business; ls newly
papered and painted; 80 chairs and with
everything complete. Address 1021 Third st,
Sacramento, Cal.
$1600— MANUFACTURING business, wholesala
and retail; one of the best located businesses
across the bay; no opposition; rent $25; clear*
$150 to $200 a month; trial given. Apply
1108 Webster at., corner Twelfth, Oakland.
A— $300; PARTNER want%d In light mechani-
cal business; $20 to $35 a week each th*
year round; trial given: no experience re-
quired; short hours. 47 Geary at, room 2.
FOR sale — Grocery store doing good business]
at invoice; on S. P. R. R., Napa County;
reason for selling, poor health. Address box
22, ..Yountville. Cal.
$350 — CORNER branch bakery and delicacy
store, with 1 6 living rooms, large, yard and
barn; selling account old age. Apply 1108
Webeter at, corner Twelfth, Oakland..
$1200— CORNER saloon In Oakland ; rent $20
per mo.; 10-year leaee; established 20 years;
large hall upstairs. Apply 1108 Webster at,
corner Twelfth, Oakland.
WANTED— A few gentlemen to Join present
members ' of a firm engaged In the conduct
of gents' furnishing and tailoring establish-
ment; object being to extend business which
is paying well. Box 3789, Call offlce.
STEADY man wanted as partner ! in cash
business to do plain light work; sure proflt
of $75 to each per month ; capital required,
$175. 632 Market at; room 6.
$200 WITH services secure* to a reliable,
steady man. permanent place that pays $S5
monthly the year around; light, pleasant
work. Call 1027% Market at. room 2.
FOR $250 you can buy "a 7-room house; rent
. ' only $10 per month; fine view; 2 blocks from
Ingleslde track. f 711 Grafton are.
A MINER who has big deposit of pure silicon
would like to tell half interest. 869 Mission,
room 6. . , ' *
STATIONERY / and books; growing ' business
section; long-estb. ;■ owner has other business
M. M. COUSINS, at Le Count'*. S33 Market
A: FIRST-CLASS confectionary ' store, togeth-
er with turn, and fixtures.: 1007 Vi Mission.
GROCERY. and liquor store,, cheap*. ; very low
rent with lease; sickness. Box 1337 Call.
GROCERY store fixtures for sale; cheap. In-
quire 473 ; 4th st ~.
GROCERY— $1800; stock and fixtures; new;
rent reasonable. DODD MEAD, Palo Alto.Cal
A GOOD second-hand business for sale on' ac-
; count ; of aickness. 651 Washington st :
WANT, to go in partnership in good business-
have capital. Box 1511,' Call. . ' f
NEAT 'young \ man \ with I $150. take half ' In-
terest employment offlce. /Box 1326, Call.
WANTED— Partner ; In first-class paying bust-
: nwi no opposition. Inaulr* 610 • Bryant at
1 BUSnTEflS 'cgAJTCIIS— Conttnne&.
$350 — CORNER saloon on Fourth St.. rent $25
dally receipts about $15; good business; own-
er must sacrifice, as he has to leave the city.
R. G. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny st
$700— HALF interest in manufacturing busi-
ness; estb. 16 years; partner can clear $150
easily; investigate; rare chance. See R. ,G.
1 WILKE; 26^ Kearny st. . "
PRICE $1100— Wood, coal, hay and grain yard;
I a long-established business; 2 horses and 3
I wagons; rent only $25; rare chance. See R.
G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A— $2900; CORNER grocery and bar on Va-
lencia st; lease; old established and good
paying business; investigate; a rare chance.
Se» R. G. WILKEj 20% Kearny st.
A— $500; BRANCH bakery and delicatessen
store, with 3 nicely furnished rooms; rent
$15; 'a good paying business. See R. G.
WILKK. 26^ Kearny st. ;__
A— $1200; ROADHOUSE. living rooms; rent
$15; no opposition; very best location; about
8 miles from city. See R. G. WILKE, 26}£
Kearny st. ■ '
A— $600; ROADHOUSE; 6 years' lease; rent
$20; beat location on Colma road. Sea R. G.
WILKE. 26 V, Kearny st. .
A— $8500; HARDWARE store, corner; ranges.
' household supplies, paints, oils, gas fixtures,
etc.; 4 years' lease; locatfon the very best;
value in sight; owner to retire to private
life; a splendid cHance. Call R. G. WILKE.
26^ Kearny st. ; •
A— $1500; GROCERY and bar, with 21 furnished
rooms; 2 blocks south of Call building; rent
$71; kept by present owner 10 years; a good
business. Call R. O. WILKE. 26^ Kearny.
A — $3250; HALF interest in manufacturing
business; established many years and doing a
first-class paying business; stock and ma-
chinery with invoice; the price a rare and
good offer. Call on R. G. WILKE. 2»%
Kearny st. •
A— $2200; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon
In Stockton; rent $53; the leading place of
its kind in Stockton; all particulars. R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st .
A— $900; BAKERY, with 3 living rooms and
kitchen; rent $20; all store trade; cash re-
ceipts about $16 per day. Particulars R. G.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny st. '
A— $2350; COAL, wood, hay and grain busi-
ness; 3 horses, 3 wagons; net rent $34;
place 'established years; very best loca-
tion; a good cash business. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $900; BUTCHER shop and vegetable mar-
ket on Polk st.; lease; living rooms; owner
must leave for Europe to settle estate; a
rare chance. R. O. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— $800; CORNER salcon In wholesale dis-
trict; no night or Sunday work; saloon es-
tab. 20 years and known as a good busl-
ness. See R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny st
A— $2000; CORNER saloon, with lease. In
wholesale district; a good business; owner to
leave the city cause of sale; a rare chance.
R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— $4000; CIGAR stand on Market St., vicin-
ity Powell st.: 2% years' lease; must be
sold at once; owner to leave city for the
East. See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A — $2450; CORNER grocery and bar; 5 years'
lease; rent $40; store doing a large cash busl.
ness; location can't be beat; value in sight.
Bee R. G. WILKE, 20% Kearny st. .
A — $5500; SALOON; about 1 block from Phelan
building; oet rent $125; lease; stock will in-
voice about $1200; a good paying place; in-
vestigate at '*.nce; rare chance. R. G.
WILKE. 2«% Kearny st.
A— $2600: COFFEE saloon and restaurant; 1
block from Examiner building; place estab-
lished years; doing a first-class business;
about $70 per day. Particulars see R. G.
_W1LKE, 2<i% Kearny st.
A— $000;"CORNER taloon. with clear stand,
on Fourth st. ; living rooms; rent $30; lease;
a Rccd paying place; bargain. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st. - -":-
A— $1500; OLD-ESTABLISHED commission
store, dairy produce etc.; must be sold at
"once on account of death; very rare chance,
as business is kiiown for 28 years as a good
reliable house. R. G. WILKE, 20% Kearny.
I A— $4000; CORNER grocery and bar; few blocks
south of Market st; net rent $00; leap* 4
years: average monthly receipt* $1100: value
tn alght. See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny St.
A— $26o0; HOTEL of 30 rooms; rent $100; lease;
with first-class paying saloon in manufactur-
ing town across the bay: a good paying busi-
neaa. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny at
A— $760; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
fancy grocery; 4 nice living rooms; rent $25;
daily receipts about $20; best location north
of Mprket Call R. G. WILKE. 2«% Kearny.
A — $3500; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
st; rent $60; living rooms; stock will in-
voice about $2S0O; a well established and
first-class paying . business. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny at
A — $7000; BAKERY; one of the best In this
city; monthly sales $6000; 12 horse«, 5 wag-
ons: location the very best: not all cash
necessary. Call R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny.
A — $350; DAIRY, produce and delicatessen
store; 6 rooms; rent $26; beat location Va-
lenola st. Call R. Q. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
If you wish to buy or sell property of any de-
scription do not fail to call upon us; we may
have Just what you want to buy or a pur-
chaser for just what you want to sell.
J. W. JAQUITH & CO.,
,1312 Market et..
Rooms 418-419. Telephone Folsom 3468.
HOTEL for sale — 60 rooma; country town; 2
railroads; elegant building: good furniture;
reduced to $3000. DECKER, Hotel Broker,
90S Market st
CORPORATION with best paying business re-
quires party with capital to invest on his
stock guaranteed security; no trifiers. Box
1388, Call.
$2500 — GENERAL mdse. atore to be Bold for
$1500; good business; guaranteed absolutely
rafe investment; cheap rent and small ex-
penses. Box 1222. Call.
WE incorporate and float stock companies; we
handle unlisted securities: loans negotiated.
HORATIO GILBERT & CO., EUlcott square,
Buffalo.
FOR eale cheap — Carpenter's jobbing shop,
wiin machines and power complete; down-
town location; cheap rent Box 1231. Call.
CITY firm with profitable lines desires bust-
ness manager with $2500 capital; bank ref-
erences. Box 1250, Call office.
SALOON on Third at; fine fixtures (lease);
•will sell or trade for country property; price
$1500. Call at 645 Valencia st.
AN Income for the family; dividends that will
please you. Address 701 Drexel building,
Philadelphia. Pa.
$2500— SALOON with 6 rooms and furniture
Included. Apply 1108 Webster st., corner
Twelfth. Oakland.
GOOD-PAYING cigar stand and laundry of-
fice; no opposition; sacrifice. Call isu
Fifth st .
A LIQUOR store, bar attached, big stock on
hand; a good placet for two; price $2500. Ap-
ply . 714 Folsom . st
A PARTY, to Invest in a theatrical enterprise;
gilt edge; good position assured. Box 1455,
Call ofrice.
$1850— DELICATESSEN store for sale; large
stock; new fixtures: clears $150 per month.
. Address box 1699, Call office.
$225 — STATIONERY, notions, candles aad ol-
. gars; open window; 2 furnished rooms; rent
$15. Inquire 343 Sixth st
KODAK ' finishing and commercial photo-
graphic establishment T. P. ANDREWS,
108 Montgomery at.
PHOTOGRAPH gallery. T. P. ANDREWS,
■ 109 Montcomery • st VfJsSSG^S
WIDOW, will sell or trade her farm or will
take partner. 438 Parrott building.
SALOON for sale at 825 Montgomery st; must
be sold on account of sickness.
FOR sale — A small grocery and bar. Apply at
1898 Fifteenth st., cor of Dolores.
' AN oid-establlshed butcher shop for sale In
Western Addition. Box 13U5, Call office.
FOR sale — Saloon and 15 furnished rooms
with 8 years' lease. 210 and 212 East at.
FOR aale — Cash grocery and bar; south of Mar-
ket; $3500; other, business. . Box 1477, Call.
$550— PARTNER In established business; will
pay $200 month. Box 1382. Call.
GOOD oil shares for sale or trade. Address
box 1026. Call office.
GOOD business for sale at 250 Turk st; wl7l
take r partner.
HARDWARE - store. Invoice $5250: best town *
. this State; good paying business; large, at-
tractive, ■■ up-to-date store: exceptional offer;
111 health; no agents. Address box 23. Oro-
vllle. Cal.
DO you want large returns for moderate capi-
tal ? Investigate my firat-class theatrical
proposition. Call to-day, : 10 to 12, 3 to 4
Callaghan building, room 418-419.
CIGAR stand." located at 10% Sixth st. cor.
Mission. ; good . lease. Call after 10 o'clock
at . above address.
$75- MONTH— Steady man" with $200 wanted
as partner, In Jobbing business; no experience
required; workingman . preferred. 235 Kearny.
FOR sale— Butcher shop in live country town
" *V YaU«J° S C&L 1 W1I^ 0N JR " 823 GeorgU
{ BPSTITESS OHAgCSS— Ccnttan*^
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
I 3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds Of business chances.
[For sale— Several rood business propositions
I for investors, such as cigar stores, groceries
' and bars, bakeries, furnishing goods, mer-
chandise, county hotels, restaurants ana
many other propositions too numerous to
mention; would be pleased to have you call
and inspect our list.. CAMERON & CO.. 3
Eddy st.
For sale — First-class bazaar and cigar .busi-
ness; Al location, long lease, cheap rent,
fixtures and store up-to-date, established if
years; fine new stock of goods: has never
changed hands; now clearing $350 and over
per month: best reason for selling: an op-
portunity of a lifetime; see CAMERON & CO.
For sale — Well-furnished and equipped coun-
try hotel: 50 rooms: rent only $15O; 10-year
lease; newly painted and renovated through-
out; about 50 miles from S. F.; fine, grow-
ing town; present owner made fortune and
wants to retire. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
For sale— One of the best hay, grain, feed,
wood and coal yards, S. F. : cheap, rent;
horses and wa:on», well' equlDDed; present
owner retiring from retail business; guaran-
teed to clear about $3<X) per month: books
open for inppectlon. CAMERON 4 CO.
Exchanges made in all kinds of real estate,
rooming-house and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
For eale— Well located cyclery; rent $123; 3-
year lease; sell, rent and repair all kinds of
bicycles: carries full supplies: agency best
wheel on market: does business of $1500 to
$2000 per month; goeds at invoice. CAM-'
ERON & CO.
First-class, Kiloon downtown; 2 blocks
from Market st.: rent '$75; , well fitted up:
receipts $1S to $23 per day: must be sold
on account of other business; price $1600.
CAMERON & CO.
FOR sale on account of ill health, business of
manufacturing' patent medicines, extracts,
etc.. with formulas; located In one of the
largest and b;st cities in California; price
$4000; one-half cash, balance to be paid out
of proceeds of business. Address 8. C. 8.,
box 520. Sacramento. Cal.
RARE chance for the enterprising — Lots cen-
trally situated in the city of Kaslo. B. C. ;
assessed value $670; offered for $1OO: owner
has to sell. See him at 322H Third st
GOOD opportunity — Fine stationery business;
average sal«3 over $2000 per mo.; will sell
for invoice price of stock; no competition;
located in the only cash town In California.
HAMILTON & KENPRICK. Petaluma.
HARDWARE business wanted: about $4000;
city or country. Apply 116 Harriett at
A GOOD second-hand store for sale. Apply C17
Washington st.
COUNTRY newspaper properties for sale;
daily, weekly. W. F. CORNELL A CO.. 513
Sacramento ct
PLANING mill for sale: 6 machines, with elec.
trie power; good city location. Box 1652. Call.
ROUTE 12. San Francisco Call, for sale. Ap-
ply San Francisco Call office.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 1<; pages, sent to any address In ths
United States or Canada one year' for $1.
_ i
MARION GRIFFIN.
4CB Hearst bids., over "Examiner" entrance,
corner :5<1 and Market sts. Tel. Black 3607.
Hotels and rooming-houses for sale. Free list.
We furnish abrtcacts free & guarantee titles.
ULTRA - FASH- HIGH - CLASS
IONABLE pri- apartment
vate hotel that house.
clears $2*Jo mo. — t'O rooms—
A new build- . — $3000 —
ing. beautifully House partly
furnished in furnished with
mahugany and extra fine fur-
veivet carpets. nishlngs. Rent
All new six $5 per room; 5-
months ago. year lease. A
Price cultured lady or
— «5C0— g e n t 1 e m an
W ill exchange should make the
for an apart- house clear
ment house. monthly $3i*>
EXCLUSIVELY ...$3000
MARION MAIUON
GRIFF1N. GlilFFIN.
MAKE us an of- GREAT GUNS'
fer before Dec Only $4OO for
"h. [ 16-room NE.
— US rooms— corner house,
nr. Hyde and north of Mar-
Sutter Reduced ke t- Rent $30.
to $.>000. Rent if you are ' -
$150. Clears sober , industri-
al. 5. guaran- O us person wa
teed. It s a big wl n i tnd you
opening for % of purchase
some one. as price. Always
owner is deter- remember that
mined to visit we guarantee
„ Alaska. ■ the title.
WITH WITH
MARION MARION
GItlFFIN. GRIFFIN
$300 DOWN and *"X> RENT for
$700 in HttM 40 rooms, north
payments takes of Market: 3
a nice, quiet rooms rented
16-room houae, permanently at
near Ellis and M<>: Price $4000;
Van Ness ave.; owner states
cause, sickness; that the month-
profit monthly ly proflt ls $200.
$65. WITH
WITH MARION
MARION GRIFFIN.
GRIFFIN. '
NORTH of Mar-
SOUTH of Mar- », ket
ket; 21 .rooms, a rooms; first
$1200; 1-3 down . £ ay i ne " , n «*">:
proflt $70; rent proflt f"?-
only $«0. f ,„ — ALfaO—
—ALSO— IS a '- snaD -
30 rooms. $1800; b^^.^a* 400 "-
1-3 down] proflt. ff? 1 '^i P~flt
$90; rent only $53. ♦ 30 - ..„ .
—also— _7; ALSO ~-
18 rooms, $800, all "T* 0 ro< l m £r
cash; profit $90; —Price $1500-^
rent only $4«. — ALSO—
—ALSO— "Zk 1 rooms—
39 rooms, $1800. —Price $500—
% down; proflt —Income * 9 °—
$140; rent only ~. ALSO—
jeo — *• rooms —
—ALSO— —Prtce $2000—
12 rooms. $400, all cut d ° w " fr °n»
cash; proflt $47; -~»?ri )0 ~
rent only $30. f™ 1 ' 1 «»1 month-
— ALSO— ly; lt ls eminently
42 rooms. $3000. -n^".£lf pectable —
% down; proflt mar?™
$174; rent only GRI^.
GRIFFIN. ___
_ WE — will — sail
to any business
*■ »nan or woman
LARGE house. In* h!?,. r °°» m '
&s fess
profit over $300. building 2fZ
Price only $0000. nJorf.!S5'~> Wlt . 1 *
. Rent only $375. . ™*J™ con J" 1 ':
Every room, hall V£Z 1
and stairway f£ok. ™" UlI £ I
expensively fur- £ V 1 m m * y J*
■ «~ %mk
hone H t houses. for 8 h,,T m "
EXCLUSIVELY r?f buslnes*
WITH ?«"•, S«« °»y
MARION . nHtrnv
UKIFFIN. ORIFFIN.
The agent who whispers down the well
About the house he wants to sell
J*»l never reap the golden dollars
Like Marlon Griffin, who climbs and hollars.
ESTABLISHED IN 1877.
; H. C. DECKER. 906 MARKET ST.
HOTEL. ROOMING-HOUSE AND BUSINESS
All kinds of property for sale and exchange
What have you to offer? To buy. sell or
exchange, see DECKER.
MITCHELL & CO —
1206 MARKET ST. PHONE JESSIE 2981
Rooming and apartment houses hotels flats.
Sold to suit purchasers. Titles guaranteed.
AUTOMOBILE AT YOUR SERVICE
12 rooms, R. $45; .good houae '$650'
11 rooms. R. $40; Al house $725'
7 rooms, R. $27 50; corner flat $200
A LARGE rooming-house of 100 rooms and
bath: centrally located; long lease: rent rea- •
sonable; established, paying proposition; good I
reason for selling. Box 105«. Call office. ;
BARGAIN— 22 r.; fine location; full and pay- i
ing over ?100 mo.; a bargain; owner to retire
account sickness and old age; price $UC0*
easiest terms. Box 1131, Call.
A WELL furnished house. 15 rooms, close In;
I good Income; owner has other interest*; no
. reasonable off ejr refused. SSj Ellis st
I J^0OJJ^0^O1BCTSJPOB^SAM---Cob.
A— CAMERON & CO.. Phone^SouthTuio.
3 Eddy st. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming- Houses. Hotels as 1
All Kinds Business Chances.
• You can't beat this beautifully furnish*!,
ICO-rccm. downtown house; carpets, furnitur*
and draperies of the very beet; electric lights,
steam heat; In fact, everything modern and u>
• to date; long lease; cheap rent; owner leaving
city. ,
Look this up: here Is a chance to get fine
little home, combined with business: you caa
live' rent free and make some monejr besides;
this house of 9 rooms, rent only $32 50; fine lo-
cation on California st. ; well furnished; some
new carpets, newly painted and papered; every,
thing in fine condition: piano and sewing ma-
chine goes; price only $C5i>.
Here la 14 rooms: Van Ness; furnished in oalt
and mahogany good carpets; all full; clearing
nice little salary every month; it is yours at
$600.
We have a 9-room flat, new modern build-
ing sumptuously furnished; carpets cost $3 50
per yard; beda cost $100 each; hair mattresses
coat $55 each; new 8 months; actual C03t to
furnish $5000; must go East and will tak*
$2700; half cash balance 6 per cent per annum:
everything ready to step, right into an elegant
home.
Nice little house of 16 rooms, with good fur-
niture and carpets; rent only $G5; must dispose
next 10 days; make offer.
Grand, new, modern apartment-houss; beau-
tiful building; elegantly furnished: good lorn*
lease with cheap rent; only 15 minutes" waU
from Kearny st. ; has ISO rooms and pay* 1300
to $GOO per month; always full; best clasa of
people; a bargain can be had if taken at once.
Another one; a beautifully furnished 6-roor-»
flat; Sloann fitted It up 6 months ago and cost
considerable over $000; think of the rent, only
$25 per month; choice location; big snap; $400.
Hera is the coziest and most complete hou«»
of 60 rooms, superbly furnished with everythinsr
that good taste and Judgment could suggest;
combined with an elegant, new, modern build-
ing: every room occupied and clearing a fln*
proflt. and aickness is the only cause for dis-
posal.
Golden opportunity to get nlca T-roora flatj
rent only $40; water, garbage and Janitor ser-
vice free; mahogany and oak furniture; earpets
body Brussels, new 1 year; cost $S0O. now $430;
obliged to leave city.
This speaks for itself; 15 room*, furnished la
oak; new carpets, and full to the roof with;
good people, which brings in proflt of $73 per
month; slckneas compels sale.
First-class Investment where you can eara
$2100 per year on expenditure of $4500 ta 46-
room house; rent only $125 per month; choirs
location on Sutter st-: always full; best of oalc
furniture, good carpets; sickness only reason
for selling. .. , -,
Swell family hotel on Sutter st; beautifully
furnished; always full: there are SO rooms, rent
only $425; obliged to leave city; will be sold at
half cost to furnish. /
We have 13 beautifully furnished room* la
fine block on Pont st. ; full nicest kind of room-
ers; new and modern throughout: bring* in
1 nice income; furniture in oak. blrdseyw raaplo;
1 velvet and Axmlnster carpets; cost $1800 to
furnish six months ago; obliged to leave city;
big bargain; $1200.
We have a number of special bargains la
flats of 6 to 10 rooms, new and modern; caa be
had for less than half cost to furnish; must
be sold; either account of aickness or depart ur-».
Have large list of real estate, hotels, room-
ing-houses and business chance* for exchange)
or trade always on hand.
A. CAMERON & CO.. S Eddy st.
BARGAIN— BARGAIN— BARGAIN.
C5 rooms: corner: located in the heart ot
Oakland: handsomely furnished: rent $13i>t
lease; elevator; clearing from $250 to $300
per month: $2500 down, balance as you make
it; price $55CO. MITCHENER. & BARTON.
913 Broadway. Oakland.
190- ROOM apartment house; fornlsh*J ona
year; will sell at one-half the cost prtce; full
of roomers. Bex 1345. Call office.
IS ROOMS: all full: will sell cheap if taken
at once: three minutes" walk freni Call offlce.
Box 1004. Call offlce. -. .
110- ROOM rooming and apartment house to ex-
change for real estate. Box 1343. Call.
A BARGAIN — A 9-room rooming hous* for
sale. Inquire at 8tiO Mission st.
LODGING-HOUSE for sale; selling on account
of death. 271 O'Farrell st.
$1600 — UP-TO-DATE 30-room house; newly
furnished. HUNSAKER. 6 Eddy, room 101.
FOR aale — Swell lodging- house. Inquire at 833
Howard st., between 10 and 2 o'clock.
20-ROOM lodging-house ; rer.t and water. $55;
will sell cheap. 145% Fifth at ,,•;.,
iiOPorarG-HOUffES waited.
WANTED — To buy a respectable lodging hous*
(net transient), about 30 rooms. Address box
4708, Call offlce.
CARPET BEATING A2ID CLEANING.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process uso4
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal:
carpets and rugs also cleaned by compresses
atr at shop; prices moderate. S. F. _Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Co.. 303 Market stf
phones Main 122 and Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your wvra]
send for SPAULDING'3 Pioneer Carpet-beat*
ing works. 355-357 Tehama st Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
risen at.; Al cleaning, 3c FRED HAGJ5*
DORN H CO.; phone Mission 225.
CARPETS cleaned. 8c; laid. Be; farattam
moved. GISSLOW. CCS Larkln at; poor.*
East 745. -
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth at — Ftrst-fllaa*
carpet cleaning. So yard. Tel. Mission T4v
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 403 Stutter stl
tel. Main 394. GSO. WALCOM A CO.. Prop*.
RUDOLPH U CO.. carpet-beating works: prlc^
reasonable. 17C3 Harrison st ; tel. Mission 2C3,
A WEEK'S news for 3 cent*— The Weakly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
coffscTioy omcEH.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collection* inajdel
city or countrr. Pacific Collection Ook, 414
Montgomery St.. rooms 0-10. Tel. M^ln 5380,
CREDIT CZtOTBJSStS,
C F. ADAMS CO.. 313 Mason st — Clothln*?
for everybody from hat to shoes: you can set
what you want from us and hav* It charged*
CXiOTHHTP BEJTOVATHJO.
SUITS Gleaned and pressed, $1; scourtag an 4
dyeing. Bon March*. Examiner bldg.. * 410i
phone Drnmm 44. Call for and deliver fre*y
RICHARD MATO *
The Man With Psychic Pwwetv
The greatest living adviser on the ooatteaaW
There Is no trouble, doubt or ambition, n*
hose or wish but what caa bo raaUied tor
his help and advice: he ls entirely orlglsaj
In his methods; different from all other*: •
visit will bring sure help, and win ntls:/
you and bring succes* and happtnes* to th«
seekers of truth and advice.
Complete clairvoyant reading Utl* w«ek $1.
Satisfaction guaranteed or no t— accepted,
121 A Ellis at; private flat; hour* 10 a. itu
to 8 p. m.
FREE TEST— FREE TEST— FREE TEST.
MME. BERNARD.
„ THE WOMAN OV VOVTEX.
Will tell you what yon came for FREE OT
CHARGE. Her $3 reading this week for $t.
To get a reliable and correct reading consult
this famous medium. For ten years she ha*
been before the public of San Francisooi. lj
Third st. near Market.
ATTENTION ~ ~~~
MRS. DR. CLARK.
The well-known medium and clairvoyant,
may be consulted on all affairs; every hldd.-a
mystery revealed: sha will show you how to
overcome your enemies and untta the sepa-
rated: tell your entire life. past, present ar.<l
future: satisfaction by mail; send stamp for
circular and special terms. 343 Geary st
MME. LANOE. the only one who can he!» yotj
In your greatest troubles; genuine gypsr
sympathy, spiritualism and hand reader;
convince yourself of her skill; 23c and upl
*5 OW ," i. P'ctuiw of future husband or wife.
o i k o. 8t^ neap Taylor: hour*, from 10 ta
8. and Sundays.
IS^ AR \ Ecypt J an ■«*«•». The Vendom*. 1104
Market st.. San Francisco. Offlce hours — 10
a. m. to 5 p. m. ; Sundays. 10 to 12- Wednes-
day evening. 6 to 8. Phone South 1141.
MISS ZEMDAR. youns. gifted clair. and palm.f
reveals love, marriage, business, etc.: L. 50?:
G. |1: hours 10 to 0: names. 714 Franklin at.
! M »h; J 0^ 11 ' e 1 »«"oyant. medium; bonl
?l t S, 1 f, M , bl « veil and second sight: tells past.
I Istry fun life read. $1. 303 Jones, nr. feddr.
■ Mrs - - A - H. ■ Kronenbers. palmist, clairvoyant.
■ card reader: when others fail try me- r»ad<
I <ng» 25c. 324 0'FnrroH st. Tel R^d 6537
i Mme Krownberg. palmist, clairvoyant rari
MRS - SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader, hag
returned; sittings dally. 108 6th st.roomi 1-X
MME. REKA. New York's most famous palm]
1st and clairvoyant; reading* at 323 Eddy it!CTiArRVOYAirTS — Contlaue— ,
FROM ALL SECTIONS THEY COME TO
. frXTXESS THE WONDERFUL DEMON-
STRATIONS OF THE NOTED LIVING-
STONE.
•. A TRUE. RELIABLE CLAIRVOYANT.
CC'.i KEARNY ST.
He Is no Imitator. Hi? work Is upon origi-
nal Unes: Pure thought, clear visions. He
te'ls you what you desire to know and wor_?
In the cpen light.
He is as consricuoas for his wonderful oc-
cult analysis as he is for his original expres-
sion and vivid truthfulness.
A test reading is not a life reading; when
you call on PP.OF. LIVINGSTONE be will
y;vy you a full life reading for $1; a test is of
iittSe value; when the mind Is troubled you
need more substantial aid and advice; this is
Jast what PROF. LIVINGSTONE gives you
when you call oa him. for a first-class clair-
voyant reading.
He asks you no questiona, but tells you
what you wish to know.
• Would It not be a relief to know bow you
• will succeed, to be relieved of the matters
.that are troubling you. and cf the schemes of
your enemie«. that you may meet with better
success?
He does not mention all the ills and mis-
fortunes you are heir to; you are acquainted
with the facts In your case; let PROF. LIV-
INGSTONE analyze the matters that are
troubling you find the cause of the trouble
ar.d sugpest tha remedy.
. His only reason for giving your name In
full or any important information you may
desire Is that he does this Incidentally as a
chain to read by.
THEN FOR A RELIABLE AND INTEL-
.LIGENT CLAIRVOYANT READING DON'T
HESITATE. HUT CONSULT A MAN WITH
THIRTY YEARS' EXPERIENCE AND
• -WHEN YOU LEAVE HIM YOU MAY BE
ASSURED' THAT YOU HAVE BEEN
HELPED AND THOROUGHLY UNDER-
BTAND WHAT HAS BEEN TOLD YOU.
WHICH TOO OFTEN IS NOT THE CAPE.
He claims to be able, and positively re-
fuses to accept one ppnny unless you are
, ' perfectly satisfied; and further, he never
flights any ose In his work — all are the same
' to him. and he believes such is the verdict
of all who consult him.
. PUOF. LIVINGSTONE- nAS BEEN' IN
SAN FRANOIPOO FOR EIGHTEEN
MONTHS AND 1? HERE TO STAY.
A MAX SHOULD BE JUDGED BY HIS
WORK. AND HE- IS: HIS WORK IS IN
THE OPEN LIGHT.
READINGS $1.
REMEMBER LOCATION 2CU KEARNY
FT LADY ATTENDANT. 5 SEPARATE
irC'-EPTION PARLOR?.
HOURF. 10 A. M. TO 8 P. M^
ilF.P BAUMANN, the well-known fortune-
' tP "' <>r - i!> no * at 3I7 E!1U 8t '
' A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly CaU,
1C rae**s. in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
«— — 1— —M — ■ — — — , — — » > ———————— — — —————— — — — — g
sprorruAWSM^
MRS. ANDERSON, healer, will treat all new
patients free until benefit received; hours 12
to 4. 53'» Golden Gale ave.. r. 23, 4th floor.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
lire reader. 1206 Market, r. 14, Gait House.
PROF. GEE. medium and h-aler; readings
daily: circle every night; 10c. 1206 Maruet st.
MRS. CRINDLE removed to 782 Ellis st;
seance Sunday cvtninx:, 8 o'clock sharp.
PP.CF. FRED EVANS, noted slate-writer and
clairvcyar-t. 1112 nddy ft- Phon-? Scott 8S7.
gAT.KISTBT.
MITE. DEVAS, palTr.!«t. Roosevelt building,
548 Sutter st: readings by mall.
sbessmazbes and s_a_cst_,_ss_s.
McDowell dressmaking
and millinery school.
. McDowell ryrteci of dressmaking awarded
Fol<J medal at St. L.iul» Exposition; practical
business course in millinery; any pattern cut
to measure; special rates for here. 1019 Mar-
. ket st.
MilE. OLGA. just from Paris; fancy dress-
• ' making. ia»ior:r.E. u27 Geary St., opposite
St Francis Hotel.
TAILOR-MADE skirts to make and finish; aU
v.ork pcaranteed. 5."4 '4 Jessie «t.. off 6th.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Miliiaery School —
Pattesna cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 ilkt
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew-
art's button and buttonhole factory. 110 Taylr.
DRESSMAKING and parlor millinery. 923
Post Et-
S—TTTXSTS.
A NEW plate— The Whalebone — Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs. ; crowns, *3 50; fillings, 50c:
plaU-s. $T>; full set; all work rainless and
warranted. Chicago Dent— Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. LUPLUil HILL. 1413 Haritct. rr. Eleventh
• — No charge for extracting when plate? are
made; old plates ir.&.ce over like new; teeth
from JS per set; extracting. 50c; gas given.
PAJIIS Der.taJ Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Eu?h —
Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns. $2 up; fillings.25c
GOLD B_taC«. 75c; silver. 35c; crowns, $2; no
pain:open Sundays. Dr. A. C.Hewitt 204 Sutter.
ARTHUR CHISKOLM. surgeon-dentist.r.H.lst
floor. Phtlan bid.. BOO Market, cor. O'Farrell.
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from Geary st.
to corner Sutter st. and Grant ave.
-DXTCATXCmAZu
A — THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
leges; refs. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor; day. evening fe^ions. Phelan bldff.
: E. R. ATRES, founder cf Ayrea Business Col-
lege. h_§ returned; bookkeeping, penmanship.
shorthand, typing: J5 month; life scholarship
$50; positions secured; day, eve. 723 Market
THE Paul Gerson School of Actlng.-the largest
instituticn devoted exclusively to dramatic
learning In America; positiona guaranteed.
E*nd for catticgue. Native Sena' bldg.
EEALD'S School cf Mines and Engineering, 24
Poet «., 6. F. ; civil, mining, electrical, steaa
and cas engineering. Seed for prospectus.
A FUCCES5?FUL college; new. large rooms;
perfect light; all graduates are getting posi-
tions. S. B. Business College, 733 Mission.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec., rain., mech., sur-
vey, a_aay, cyanide; day. eve.; est 1864. Vaa
cer Na— ten Bchool. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, Erp.. Math, etc.- day and
«v«. : individual lnstr. 305 Larkln St.. Prof.
" T. A. Hoblnson. former pres. Pac Bus. CoL
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post at
Established lb£i; largest in the "West: aa-
r.ual enrollment 3000; 6end for circulars.
«71«ssonsPitman sborihand and hold anyposKScn;
- guer. ;C0 court reporting; "single-page method"
bockkeping. Western Bua. Col.. liSl Market
CLASSES in ehort rtory writing and journalism
■ meet en Hon., Wed. and Thurs., 2 p. m., 233
Phelan bldg.; terms very reasonable.
PRIVATE instruction by lady graduate of
_niv«»reity and normal; experienced; refer-
ences. Bcx 12*7. Call offlce.
MANDOLIN thoroughly taught; class or pri-
vate; beginners a specialty. 1528 California
«t. near Poik.
WANTED^ — A competent piano teacher; rea-
sonable term* : give telephone number. Box
1541, Call efnee.
A— GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS CO_-
— EGE. 1S82 Market et Send for catalogue.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col.. 602 Van Ness
. ave. ; positions eecured. R. H. "Webster. Pres.
KilVATB lessons in telegraphy; rapid success
assured to students. 246 Scott, nr. Haight
FXRST-C—AES leesona in vocal music, piano,
violin, n— ndoUn. 2419 Mission St., near 20th.
SPANISH — Fifth eueee*6ful year of teaching.
Prof. Dotcicso C. Maya of Madrid, 427 Eutter.
RENT Law School; day and night; fourteenth
year; catalogue free. 628 Parrott building.
BOOKKEEPING — Save time, gain knowledge,
- wj.th TARR. expert. 217 Parrctt building.
PIANO le*eoss by experienced teacber; 6Oo an
hocr. Box 1090, CaU office.
"EMBROIDERY lessons given; call afternoons.
470 Eddy.
GUITAR, m&niSolia and piano. $3 per cuntb;
vocal lessons $1. 828 Haight st
ISAAC Pitman Business College, 345 Halgfat;
individual Instruct.; ail branches; day. ere.
CHICAGO Business College. 1584 Market— Posi-
tloca, shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; (8 mo.
ADULT _r.3 jureclle classes now open. Hin-
■ man's Fchool of Dancing, 1412 Polk, nr. CaL
. EHORTHANp taught thcrUy by mail and per-
■cnally. Misa M. G. Barrett. 202 Montgom 'y.
6CHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTrNGTON'S, 424 Pine at — Night class.
EPANl£H,French.etc.Prof.De Fllippe'sAcademy
t.t languages. 1 01 S Pest: est. 1871 :ablest profa.
A— JAPANESE and Chinese employment office
eupplie-. best help promptly; city or country.
. E. LMURA, 839 Sacramento. TeL James B23L
A— ORPHEUM Employment Offlce^ — Japanese..
j Chlaese help. 428 Powell et. ; teL Main £752.
JAPANESE-Chlnese Emp. Office, 415 Stockton;
beet help. Fritz Tamagaki.mgr. Tel. Bush S59.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds 1 help. 31S Stockton; Main BIBS.
CHINESE and Japanese help; * stab. 20 yearai
Tti. Mala 1997. BRADLEY -CO.. M0 Clay.
WAITTSP— FEMALE.
A YOUXG, neat, recommended German hotel
cook; good recommendations; call Monday.
J. F. CROSETT _ CO.. 334 Sutter st
2 SWEDISH second girls; young; city refer-
ences. Apply Monday. J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 834 Sutter jst ;
4 FIRST-CX^es~German, French and Ameri-
can cooks, with the best of city references,
can- be seen Monday at J. F. CROSETT &
CO.'S, 334 Sutter at. Phone Main 5306.
WAITRESS wishes lunch work. Box 1642.
Call office. -
j WANTED — Position as stock clerk; experl-
; enced. Box 1102, Call.
i LADY wishes work by the day. Apply 116
i Clara et.
I * ! —————
YOUNG lady wishes housework. 2S8 Fell at.
1 NURSE would like a position. Call at 1S18
t Howard st.
I YOUNO lady would like position as governess.
'■ 41S5 Twenty-sixth st
LAUNDRES3 wants work. 1224 Eddy st
NEAT girl wishes position as cash girl. Box
, 10C1. CaU office. ■ '
1 j A YOUNG girl wishes position as wrapper or
I saleslady at notion counter; best references.
J j Elm ave.
i AN American lady would Uke a position as
working housekeeper. Box 1656. CaU.
> WANT to mind children and sewing in hotel.
• __P° X 16C7. Call.
! BY an elderly woman, a position as chamber- !
; maid. Call or write MRS. K.. 2975 Sac-
' I ramento st.. city. ' ' |
. ; WANTED — A position as working housekeeper. I
Address MRS. A. E.. 1373 Eddy st
> SALESMAN, cashier or collector wishes steady
position. Bcx 17G7, Call. .
' SWEDISH laundress wants work by the day I
or will take work home. 209 Graf ton ave.; ■
no. postals.
DRE»PMAKER wanta work. 426 Grove I
, j street j
j MIDDLE-AGED woman desires position as j
{ cock and general housework in city. Address j
j bcx 1C78. CaU offlce.
• WANTED — A position as stenographer. Box I
] 1CS0, Cail offlce.
WANTED — Position as housekeeper. Address
621 Sansome st \
POSITION as typewriter; reference. MISS !
RAES. 1C04 California rt.
LADY cock would like position. Apply box !
1C02, Call office. |
A LADY wishes to do sewing by the day. 546 j
I Montgomery st.
| I YOUNG lady would like a position as book-
• < keeper; best of references. Apply 639 Golden
j Gate ave.
WANTED — A position as bookkeeper by young
lady. Call 63a Golden Gate ave.
i | DRESSMAKER would like work by the day.
1 2025 Mission «t
; j WANTED — Work by an experienced waist-
maker. 307 Fourth st, room 71.
i [ PLAIN sewing- and children's dresses. MRS. i
__HASS, 15 Germania st. I
DRESSMAKING- by the day. Phone Larkln
:]-____
i WANTED— Position as copyist. REY EVERS,
{ care P. O., Sacramento and Polk sts.
' LUNCH waitress wishes position. 435 Tehama
etreet.
GIRL 17 years old wants to take care of
children. Box 1576, CaU offlce.
I ! YOUNG woman wishes position as a house-
1 i keeper. Box 1575. Call offlce. !
. j SEAMSTRESS would Uke situation by the
day. Box 1509, Call office.
■1 EXPERIENCED stenographer owning machine \
" \ desires position; salary moderate. Box 1690,
j Call office. 1
, WOMAN wishes to wash by the day. 342
| Minna st. :
j YOUNG girl wishes a position as cashier. Box
■ j 1553, Cail office.
. ; YOUNG lady desires typewriting work to do
- j at home. Box 15S3, CaU offlce.
' j WANTED — Plain sewing to do at home. Ad-
j ! dress 2G Church st.
DRESSMAKER, experienced, would, like a
few more engagements by the day; terms
: reasonable. Box 1G71, Call offlce.
; J WOMAN wants work by the day house clean- !
; i ing. washing and ironing. 65S I ,a Tehama st ■
j GIRL would like to run errands. Address 305 i
Kearny st (
I j MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes position as house, j
I keeper; country. Box 15G7. Call office.
| WANTED — Position as fitter, first-class cloak j
. j and suit house. Box 1665. Call office. [
j WANTED — Copying, home work. Box 1565,
( ! Call office.
• POSITION wanted by young lady as stenog-
; rapher and bookkeeper. Box 1532. Call.
• A WOMAN wants work by the day washing
or housecleaning. CaJI at 3e5 Minna at
A STRONG young woman to go out by the
! day; is a good washer and ironer. or will
do housecleanlng; $1 50 and carfare. Call
1173 Howard et.
A GOOD woman wants house and window
cleaning by day; email washing. 894 Geary.
WOMAN with 2 children wishes situation. Ap-
ply 812 Mission et.
' WANT a position as a seamstress. MRS. I_ \
VOLZ. 1411 Montgomery st.
WOMAN would like to go out washing by the !
day. 56 Tehama at
A GERMAN woman wants housework; city or
country. CaU at 363 Minna at.
POSITION aa nurse; references. Box 1450, Call
offlce.
COMPETENT ladies' tailor and dressmaker
wishes engagements in families, $1 50 per
day; references. Box 1490, Call office.
POSITION aa housekeeper. Address MRS. A. E.
ALLEN, 670 Sycamore at, Oakland.
LADY wanta plain sewing. 724 Natoma at
WAXTED — Dressmaking by day, $1 and car
fare. 1320 CFarrell st.
BRIGHT, intelligent young lady stenographer
and typist desires position; neat, acourate
and willing, experienced. Box 1519, Call.
WOMAN wants work by the day. 814 Third
street .^ T
WOMAN wanta to do housework by the day.
Box 1430. Call offlce.
GIRL wants to do housework. Box 1434, CaU
office.
YOUNG woman would like washing by the day.
1861 Folsom st
. WANTED^— Position as restaurant cashier; ex-
perienced; references. Address box 1431,
Call office.
: COMPETENT dressmaker wants situation by
the day. Box 1433. CaU offlce.
HOUSECLEANINO by the day! W. F.. 641
Filbert st
PLAIN sewing. 828 Folsom at.
1 WANTED — Position aa 'seamstress. Box 1465
Call otfl oe.
WANTED — A position aa g-o-erness for email
children. Box 1463. Call offlce.
HAIRDRESSER deslrea private customera;
shampooing, dyeing and bleaching; referenda
Box 14C2. Call office. .
AN elderly woman seeks position aa house-
keeper, city or country. Address box 146L
Call office. . •
LADY wishea pesltlon as cook. Box 1446. CaU
office.
WANTED— Position as seamstress; beat of ref-
erences. Box 1445, Call office.
; . — 1
WOMAN wlsbts work by the day, washing or
bousecleanlng. 1917 H Natoma at
YOUNG woman wanta position aa housekeeper.
Box 1422, CaU office,
POSITION as stenographer. Box 1243, Call
offlce. . ■
WANTED — Haaaeworfc, fl day. Call 10C0 Mo-
AU-ter et,
WANTED — More enatomera: first-class derma-
tologist. Addreaa box 1245, CaU office.
GERMAN girl wants place for cooking or
housework: good cook; wages $25. to $30.
Address. box 1240. Call office.
LADY wanta work by the day. Call 64SB
Jessie et
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes to do' house-
work for two or three adults ; small washing;
$15. •carfare. Phone Folsom 2987. .-----.-
WANTED— Plain sewing by the day. 103 Na-
, toma at. '■" ■ - ' - ' ■ ■ ' . • " '
WOMAN wants washing fS do at home. 456
Minna Bt _j -
DRESSMAKER wants work In families. Ad-
dresa C. P.. box 1229. Call.
WANTED— Bewing for . children. - Apply 387
Turk rt., upstairs In rear.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL\ SUNDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1904.
EMP3_OYMX!-~r VTAITTISP — Female— Coa
AN experienced nurse wishea a situation to
take tull charge of an infant; city references.
10 Wetmore st, off Washington, between
Powell and Mason.
PLACE to do chamberwork. Call at 419 Hyde
street ,
LADY would like temporary housework. Box
1*24. Call office. ; :
EXPERIENCED dressmaker and designer, ad-
- yanee styles, for evening and street costumes,
$1 50 per day. 1264 California at.
TYPEWRITER wishes position or work to do
at home. Box 1442, Call office.
WANTED— By middle-aged lady, a place to
care for Invalid or working housekeeper. Box
141S. Call office.
YOUNG lady wishes place to assist with light
housework: good home desired with nice peo-
ple; small wages. CaU or write 4 Church st
GOOD cook would like to get a place. Box
1278. Call offlce.
WANTED— Washing, house cleaning or work !
by th. day. Address 3139% Sixteenth st '
SWEDISH woman wants position^housework; !
good cook; city or country. 961 Mission st. '■
WOMAN would Hke plain aewing by the day.
CaU 31 Harriet at.
SEWING. 820 Mission st
YOUNG lady wants position as stenographer.
107 Corbett ave.
EXPERIENCED young lady wishes position as
stenographer; pood references.' Address box !
1438, Call office.
GOOD, strong Swedish girl desires situation,:
city or country. $30. Address box 1280, CaU.
LADY would Uke position as entry clerk. Box
1522. CaU offlce.
FIRST-CLASS cook wants situation; best ref-
erences. Box 1627, CalL
FIRST-CLASS cook wants situation; best ref-
erences. Box 1626. CalL
A SWEDISH woman wants work as cook
314 Fell st.
AN Al stenocrapher wants position by Janu-
ary 1 of trust and responsibility; best citj
credentials; good salary expected. Box 1500,
CaU office.
A NEAT'respectable woman wants light work
In a rooming-house a few hours ' each day.
Box 1505. CaU.
WANTED — Dolls to dress for Christmas by a
good dressmaker; prices reasonable. Box
1504, Call offlce.
DRESSMAKER by the day. 1024 Howard st
A YOUNG lady wants work by the day. Ap-
ply 1121 Harrison st.
WANTED — Housework by the day. Box 1509,
CaU offlce.
LACEMAKER wants work. Box 1510, CalL
SALESLADY wants position for the holidays.
3520 Eighteenth st.
EXPERIENCED infants' nurse desires engage-
ments: references given. Address A. L.. 74
Shotwell st.
WANTED — Plain sewing at home; rates reas-
onable. Address MRS. M., 631 Golden Gate.
AN experienced machine operator desires steady
work. Address MISS S., 631 Golden Gate.
YOUNG German girl like a position to do sec-
ond work in the country. 1714 Turk st.
A MIDDLE-AGED English woman, capable of
all kinds of kitchen work, has Friday and
Saturday to spare; fl 50, carfare. Box 1613,
Cell office.
POSITION as saleslady. Box 1547, Call of-
fiee.
SITUATION as stenographer. Box 1552, Call
office.
WANTED— A situation to assist in housework.
Bcx 1520, CaU office.
A GIRL wants a place as cash girl. 517 Na-
tvma et.
COMPETENT stenographer desires position;
Densmore operator. Box 1524, Call office.
DRESSMAKER wants good position^ 1312
Howard Et.
GERMAN girl wishes place aa second girl.
Call 0-2 Post st.
YOUNG lady wishes position as cashier in res-
taurant Box 1602. CaU offlce.
EXPERIENCED Swedish laundress wishes
work by the day. Box 1030, CaU offlce.
A WOMAN wants work by the day. Box 1006,
Call office.
A GIRL wants work by the day] Box 1607.
CaU offlce.
WANTED — Copying to do at home. Address
box 1C0S, CaU offlce.
YOUNG lady, experienced cashier, desires po-
sition; country preferred. Box 1612, CalL
MIDDLE-AGED woman with a little girl 10
years old would like situation as housekeeper:
country preferred.- CaU or address M. A 828
Haight st, city.
WOMAN wishes to do plain housework. 1415A
Sixteenth ave.
A LADY desires a position to do housework
and take care of children. Box 15C2, Call.
A BRIGHT, active girl wishes a position as
caFh girl; can furnish the best of references
Box 1561. Call.
RELIABLE woman wants housework by the
day or care for children evenings. CaU or
address MRS. RAY, 103C Howard at.
A YOUNG lady wishes position doing upstairs
work and sewing; first-class seamstress; city
or country. Box 1C35. Call.
YOUNG lady from East would like a few
more private customers for facial and scalp
massage. 339 McAllister st.. San Francisco.
WANTED — Fln e laundry work. Apply 031
Stevenson st.
YOUNG lady desires typewriting work to do
at home. Box 1589, Call.
WOMAN wants work by the day. Call 9&
Salmon *t.. off Pacific, near Taylor.
LADY stenographer, several years' experience,
wants permanent position, wholesale house;
understands billing and general offlce work.
Box 1541. CalL
NURSE wishes a few more cases. 767 Capp st.
ARTISTIC dressmaker would like engagements
by the day, $1 60; dresses altered; perfect
fit guaranteed. Box 1545, Call.
GERMAN woman wrfnts work by the day,
washing or cleaning, for Thursday and Fri-
day. Apply 1433 Fifteenth ave. south.
WANTED — Home dressmaking at 1620 Castro
street-
COMPETENT nurse wishes engagements, con-
finements or Invalids; careful, cheerful,
painstaking; references. MRS. KING, 1159
Turk et. .
PLAIN eewing wanted. 7 Wheat at.
WANTED — Position aa housekeeper. 135 L»x-
lngton ave. * t
WANTED — Position as saleslady In candy
store; experienced. Call 639 G. Gate ave.
COMPETENT stenographer desires a position
in law firm. Address box Ifi38. Call.
YOUNG lady stenographer wishes position;
salary no object. Box 1558. Call.
SALESLADY wants position. Apply 1517
Baker st. .- .
YOUNG lady stenographer wishes position;
salary no object. Box 1558. CalL
LADY wishes position as housekeeper. Apply
815 Stockton st.
WOMAN wants work by the day. Box 1556,
CaU office^ __. __^
A LADY wants work aa nurse. 412 McAl-
lister at
LADY wants work by the day. CaU 231 Third
street. * .
A MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes position; is
good cook. 1302 Powell st, room 19.
WANTED — Work for a dressmaker. 147 Te-
bama st ■ ■ (
WANTED — Situation as working housekeeper.
124 Sixth St., room 3. . -...i ;- ..
LADY wishes flne laundry; open-air dry. '
Phone Page 783L
A WOMAN wants work by the day. Call at
..124 Silver st . - - - {
A LADY wants' housework. 651 Stevenson st
WANTED— Position as chambermaid. : 907
Bush st.
A . COMPETENT and well-experienced stenog-
rapher, typewriter and general offlce as-
sistant desires position. , : Box ' 1260, Call.
WAITED — By a Scandinavian girl,- a few
— days . each week , aa , house-cleaner. . Apply
' 678 Harrison at. off Third.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — Peroale—Con
YOUNG girl wants light housekeeping. 666
Folsom st _^_^
PLAIN sewing. 1456 Theams st,
PREPOSSESSING young lady wishes theatrical
engagement. Box 1300, Call.
"WANTED — Position as a nursery rorerness.
Box 12S1. Call office. ,
NEAT woman wants to assist generally at
dinner parties Sunday or evening; references.
894 Geary at
LADY wishes plain sewing. Apply lie Clara
street.
TVORK by the day. 206 Shipley st
WANTED— Copying to do at home. Box 1256,
Call offlce. ■ -
WOMAN with a child wants position; bouse-
keeplng. Call 118 Hayea it. ■
SWEDISH woman wishea any kind of work
by the day; washing, ironing and cleaning.
Box 1036. CaU office. .
! FIRST-CLASS saleswoman wishes position dur-
ing Xmas holidays. J. MURDOCK. 17 Vi
Boardmau. place.
"WANTED — Position as stenographer. EDA
i EVERS. P. O. Sacramento and Polk sts.,
general delivery.
WANTED — Positicn as first-class head wait-
ress; best Eastern references. Box 1251, Call.
POSITION as dressmaker. 254 Leavenworth.
_____
YOUNG girl wishes position in millinery store.
Box lObS, CaU office.
GENTLEMAN'S plain washing done. 577 Na-
toma st.
WANTED — Position as chambermaid. Address
box 1110, Call office.
A WILLING, reliable stenographer and type-
writer desires position; references; $0 week.
Box 1111. Call offlce.
A WOMAN wishes work of any kind by the
! day. Box 1101. Call offlce.
POSITION as working housekeeper; city or
country. Box 1100, Call offlce.
WANTED — A place as olain I cook. 1118%
Keamy st. MRS. PATRON.
A LADY wishes to do housework. 839 Jessie.
WANTED — A place as plain cook. 650C Jes-
sie st.
SALESLADY wanta position. Box 1039, CaU.
A WOMAN wants work by the day, /washing
and house cleaning. 932 Powell st, near
Clay. _ -
EXPERIENCED dressmaker would like more
engagements in families; $1 50 day. carfare.
_Call or_writeJ3>IRS^ DE BARR. 435 4th st.
SITUATION as first-class waitress. 96 Ship-
■■■ ley_ st.
SITUATION wanted to housework in smaU
family by good, reliable girl; excellent cook;
very economical; flne manager; fare expected.
Box 1071. CaU offlce. -
WOMAN wants work by the day; $1 60; five
years' references. Box 1178. Call offlce.
A LADY with some experience would like a
position as collector for a small firm. Box
_1177._ Call offlce.
GERMAN governess, middle-aged, like to take
care of children from morning to evening:
plain sewing; make herself useful; refer-
ences; compensation moderate." Address box
! 10S5. Call office. .
, WOMAN wants position as cook for small fam-
ily. Box 1087, Call offlce. ♦ „
A COLORED woman wishea children to care
for at home. 127 Second st
LADY wants" work by the day! CaU 711 Har-
rison st.
J A FIRST-CLASS dressmaker and milliner
! wishes work at home or by the day; $2 p«r
_ day. Box 1322. Call offlce.
A YOUNG girl wishes general housework In a
nice family. Address box 1338. CaU office.
f YOUNG girl wants a position for housework.
Call at 1314 Howard. Monday.
A WOMAN wants washing in private families.
Address box 1339, CaU offlce. i
FRENCH laundress takes washing home; open
air dry; phone Page 7931.
LADIES' tailoring and dressmaker, coat and
suit maker, cutter and fitter; only first-class
work done; suits made at home; engagements
. per day. MISS BARSS, Sherman House, 28
Elshth st _________________
AMERICAN woman wants work of any kind,
from 10 to 4. Call or address MRS. BELL,
873 Mission st, corner Fifth. • ....' •
A GIRL of 15 wishes work as cash girl. Ad-
dress MABEL, 711 Graf ton ave.
GIRL wishes a place at housework. 47 H Na-
toma st.
A NEAT young woman wishes light housework
' in a small private family. Address box
1079. CaU offlce.
j WANTED — A position by strong woman to do
« housework or washing by the day. Apply
j 444 Maine St.
WANTED — Situation as tailoress. 900A Fol-
som st.
A YOUNG refined colored lady would like a
position as nurse girl; wages $20 to ?25.
Apply to 1006 Clay st.
YOUNG lady wants a position In miilinery
store; has had experience. Call 431}i Te-
I • hama st.
A RELIABLE woman wants washing or
housecleaning of any kind by the day. Ad-
dress box 1517,. Call office.
PLAIN sewing. 821 Mission st.
WOMAN wishes work by the day. 320 Clem-
entina st
A LADY would like to take plain sewing in.
Call at 31 Harriet st.
PLAIN sewing done. MRS. FREMONT. 358
Valencia fit.
A WOMAN, middle-aged, wishes situation as
housekeeper. 1016 Howard st.
A WAITRESS, experienced, wants position.
512 Rausch st.
WANTEDPositlon aa managing housekeeper in
lodging-house. Box 1485, Call.
GERMAN lady wants place as working house-
keeper; good cook; city or country. 817
Mission st.
YOUNG woman wishes work by the day
washing. Call at 184 South Park, down-
stairs.
A YOUNG girl would like a position as nurse-
girl. Apply 513 Folsom st,
GERMAN girl wants work as laundress. . 900
Post st
FIRST-CLASS cook wants situation in French
or American family: good references. 794
Folsom st.
YOUNG woman wishes ix>sitlon as stenosra-
pher and typewriter. Box 1340, CaU ; offlce.
! AN experienced chambermaid wants work In
I country hotel or roominc-house in city. B
___ ) H? MO il^'_ Ci _!J-_ Howard st -
■ A LADY wishes to do housework. Call~Sun^
day, 10 to 2, No. 130 Rose ave.
YOUNG lady desires position as offlce assist-
ant. Box 14S3, CaU office.
A YOUNG lady wishes position in a hair'dress-
_ing parlor. ■ Apply _at__122il Folsom st.
WANTED — AU kinds plain sewing at home.
1C2 Church st. - ■
A YOUNG girl wishes a position as a milliner.
Apply 415',4 Natcma Bt.
RELIABLE woman would like a few hours
housework dally. H. S., box 1383, Call.
SITUATION as stenographer; some experience.
Box 1381, Call offlce.
A LADY desires to work by the day. Apply
at 327 Fifth st. _.
A COMPETENT laundress wishes washing to
do at home. LAUNDRESS, 600 Harrison.
A LADY wishes position as milliner. Apply
at 1230 Folsom.
A YOUNG girl would like an oTflce position.
Box 1216. CaU offlce. .__
LADY with working «on wants 2 housekeep-
ing rooms in exchange for light housework.
N Address box 1209, Call.
A~ WOMAN wants work by the dayi~washlng,
Ironing and housecleanlng; |1 50 a day. Box
1381. CalL
A.WOMAN. wants work by the day, washing,
' ironing and housecleaning; *l 50 a day. Box
■.. 1293. Call. ■::.■■■ :>..-■
WANTED — Plain sewing by the day. Box
1058. Call. .
'DRESSMAKER, experienced, goes out by the
day; latest - styles; terms reasonable. Box
1020, Call.
A "WOMAN wants work by the day; $1 CO and
car fare. 900A Folsom at
GIRL would like a situation for upstairs work.
Call or address 306 Capp at. .
WANTED — Position i in candy store by young
■lady with 3 years', experience; references. Ad-
dress box 1050. CalL.
SITUATION wanted by . capable business I wo-
man; inside or outside work. Address '■ box
■ 1087. CalL -.
COMPETENT woman wishes laundry work or
cooking by I the "- day. Apply : 1503 % ; Market
at. near Eleventh. - -, .
.-.■.-.-..- - . - - .- ' ■ . _ • ■■
E-PLOYMEWT WAHTSP— rtmale— Coa
GIRL wishes a position to care for baby. Can
or address 306 Capp st.
SITUATION as competent cook; city refer-
ences. 0C0A Folsom at.
A MIDDLE-AGED lady would Uke position
taking care of children evenings, and will as_-
sist in light housework. Box 1552, Call of-
flce. Oakland.
A LADY would Uke to do plain sewing. Ap~-
ply_813_Harrlsonj5t. Oakland.__
RELIABLE woman wants j situation to do
housework; wages $5 per month. C30 How-
ard st£ -
YOUNG lady desires position as assistant
, proof-reader or bookkeeper. Box 1210. Call.
SITUATION as dressmaker. Box 1332. CaU of-
flce. i_
SITUATION as stamper. Box 1.T32. Call of-
fice.
GIRL wants place to work in restaurant. Box
1327. CaU offlce.
LADY wants to do houseworkl by the day.
Box 1324. Call office.
CHAMBERMAID, experienced sewer, wants
position; best references. Address MISS
KOHLER. 1S1C Pacific ave..
YOUNG woman,, with a child, will work in
small family; reasonable wages. Box 1035,
CaU offlce.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes position as
J fitter in store; refs. Box 1011, CaU.
I FIRST-CLASJ? dressmaker wishes suits to
make at home for manufacturers; refs. Box
1C13. Call.
WOMAN wants work by the day. Call at
557 Mission st.
■ i
DRESSMAKING - in families by fashionable
; dressmaker: city refs.; S2 50 day. Mrs. F. H.
i Johnston. 009 Polk st; phone Hyda 17C9.
i PERFECT laundiess and housecleaner wants
i work by the day; refs. 730 Natoma st
WANTED— Position as cashier; best refs. 338
! Golden Gate ave.
WANTED — Position as nurse girl. Call at 2
j Moss st.
WOMAN wants work. """Call at 260 Steven-
i son st. -
LADY wishes to take care of a baby. 506
Union st.
GIRL wants place to do light work. 4032 Sev.
enteenth st. ___
A LADY would like to go out by the day. sew-
ing. Apply MRS. S. SIGLE. 1509 Devisa-
dero st. ■
WANTED — A position by an elderly woman to
do housework by day. Apply £27_Beale *t_
! GIRL v.ants place to sew. Call 725 Castro
j street.
i WANTED- Plain sewing by the day. Box
10C3. CaU office.
WANTED — Position as second girl. Call 126S
Union st. _ ;
I WOMAN mints writ by the day. washing,
| cleaning, etc. Apply 859 Mission st
i WOMAN wants washing or cleaning by the
I day. 211 Minna st. v
i A GOOD presser wants work In a dyeing and
cleaning house. Apply room 36, 2626 Market.
! RELIABLE woman wishes few engagements by
: day. washing, cleaning or chamber work.
: 4S8 'Geary st. ; phone Brown 32.
■ LADY wishes position as assistant bookkeeper;
i city preferred. Address box 1009. CaU offlce.
' PLAIN eewlne wanted at 136 Freelon at
I FIRST-CLASS waitress or upstairs work; best
• references. Address 1S16 Pacific ave. Miss
j MARY SERENA. -
» NURSERY governess, fine sewer; able to
t-«_>ch French, English; wanta position; best
references. Address MISS L. KOHLER, 22
Met calf . place.
A WOMAN wants work by the day or half
day. 430 Clementina at., in rear.
A YOUNG woman would like a Dosltlon as
wet nurse; first child. Box 1313, Call of flee.,
A GOOD, sractical housekeeper wants posi-
tion; used to children; economical and neat
Box 1559. Call office. Oakland.
YOUNG woman wants position for Reao. Ne-
vada; fare must be oaid. Address box 1550,
Call offlce. Oakland.
A REFINED woman wishes a position In Oak-
land or San Francisco as housekeeper or
companion, and assist in a nice home; ex-
j crllent references. Box 1544 Call. Oakland.
I WOMAN wishes to do washing by the day.
2SU Freelon st '. . .
WOMAN wishes Uo take care of small chll-
drcn by tho month. 1240 York at.
LADY wishes to take care of a baby at 635
Vallejo at
SCANDINAVIAN girl wants general house-
work. 83S York st.
SITUATION wanted by reliable cook, to do
down stairs. 707^ Stevenson st. near 9th.
HOUSEKEEPER'S position wanted in country;
neat and good cook; ranch preferred. Box
1025. Call offlce.
A WOMAN wishes work by the day. CaU
j at 11 Surrey st.
' "WANTED — Position as stenographer and book-
j freeper; wages $50. Address'.box 1321. Ctfll.
A_GIRL_wishes housework. Apply 338 Minna.
J A WOMAN wants ttf'do washing by the day.
! 406 Bryant st.
i POSITION wanted by~a waitress^ Box 1052,
CaU offlce. *
j RESPHCTABLE lady wishes position as work-
I ing housekeeper or cook for men. CaU 369
! First st, cor. Harrison, bet 2 and 5 p. m.
! A RESPECTABLE woman wants a position to
do housework; is a good cook and laundress.
■ CaU 7iM Folsom st.
DRESSMAKER and seamstress; good fitter;
75c a day or $4 a week. W. F., box 1014.
Call offlce.
WANTED— To do gents' washing by compe-
tent person. MRS. E., 8275 Harrison st
A LADY wishes a place cleaning an offlce or
would like work In a restaurant and help
around the kitchen; sleep home. &5A Con-
verse st. * '
WANTED— Position as clerk. Address Box
1004. Call offlce.
COMPETENT woman wants laundry work or
cleaning for every other Tuesday, Thursday
and Friday; fl CO per day. 3384 Twentieth.
I A GOOD 'woman wants house and window
! cleaning by day; does small wash. 894 Geary.
I GERMAN woman wants work by the day,
; ' washing, ironing or housecleanlng. Please
] call 2SU Harriet st, in the rear.
i A STRONG woman wishes work for Monday,
washing; don't want to go out far. CaU 145
; Twet:th_st.._room_8.
i A GOOD cook., housework girl, wants situa-
! . tlon: wages $25. Box 1002. Call orfice.
i AN American lady wishes position as house-
i keeper. Call _0M% Harrison st.
WOULD like a position as finisher on men's
! coats. MRS. DAVIS. 1064 Mission st.
SKIRTS rebound and shirtwaists made reas-
! onable. "U Taylor. .
! DRESSMAKING In families or hotel; all kinds
i of work; quick sewer; $1 25 a day. 1325 Call.
■WANTED — Position as stenographer. Address
j 2131 Geary at.
I a YOUNG -girl wishes a position as a milliner.
' Bo * 1221. Call offlce.
I A WOMAN wisjhes cleaning and washing by-
! the day. Call at llitt Shipley st.
SCIENTIFIC massase, pupil of 3. Weir
; Mitchell method: sprains, fractures and dis-
1 locations -a specialty. Box 1218. Call offlce.
| CHAMBERMAID wants s'.tuatlon: best ref-
: erencep. Box 1217, Call office.- .
I POSITION as demonstrator; experience and
1 references. Address K. C, 1120 Filbert st,
• rear 5:ousi'.
i EXPERIENCED woman wishes work by day.
Call 327 Fifth st
FIRST-CLASS cook wants situation. Box 1380,
Call^jrfflce.
NURSEGIRL wants situation. Address box
1214. Call office. _
j WANTED — By a young" woman to do~p'ain
! housework. Address MRS. JENNIE SMITH,
I . Jt2n Mission st
| A~LADY desires work by the day. Apply~at
C33 Stevenson st.
[ "WANTED— Position as bookkeeper."~Apply 071
I . > Hayea -St.' ' ; . - ' .
j A GIRL wishes housework. Apply 335 Minna.
WOMAN would like position to do housework
in city or country.. Address 819. Mission st.
■ A NEAT, respectable woman would like any
kind of light housework part of the day
three days each week: 10c an hour and car
fare.__Box 1311, Call offlce.
COLORED lady would like a place to, cook~2
meals a day. Box 1310, Call office: «
A~ LADY wishes to take care of a baby. 635
Vallejo 'at. - ■
NO.' 1 cook ' wishes work in private family or
boardine-house. Inquire 922 Natoma > st
A COMPETENT woman)^ is a good cook and
- - baker, or will - do • housework. Address box
■ 1001 ' CaU offlce - : : '.-".';;-
A" WAITRESS would. like- work during dinner.
31 Harriet st : ■ : >;-*_'-"> *
WANTED-rPosition as housekeeper. ~ Box 1316,
; _Caii office.- -■;■■■•• r
A LADY wishes sewing- out by the day. Ad-
- dress 859 Mission st..,room 4. •
: A YOUNG woman wants work by day; ■ good
'laundress. .Box 1230. Call office. /
3BMPI.0TM-.-rP WAKTED — P«-_-l«~Coxt 1
RESPECTABLE married lady with & child W,
yeara would Uke position aa housekeeper for
small private family of adults; good home
and small wages expected. Box 1390. CalL
PLACE by a German woman in small family
in Alameda for general housework; expert-
enced cook. Box 1215. CaU offlce. •
WANTED — Situation to wait on an Invalid
and do little housework; will answer on
Tuesday. Box 1223. CaU offlce.
YOUNG lady wanta position aa companion to
elderly lady. Apply 1367 Mason st
WOMAN would Uke situation as cook; beat of
refs. 11S2 Harrison at.
WOMAN wants work by the day. Box 1410,
CalL
WANTED — Positicn aa stenographer. Box
14C0, CaU.
WANTED — Position aa gover&esa for small
children. Box 1411, CaU.
DRESSMAKING In families In ladles' even-
ing ana tailormade suits by an experienced
dressmaker: also children's suits; $1 SO per
day. Box 1415, CaU.
WOMAN wants housework by the day. 1375
Mission st
RELIABLE woman wants general housework.
is good plain cook. Box 132S. CalL
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter, stranger In
city, competent, reliable, rapid and accurate,
desires position; 5 years' experience; best of
refs. Address MISS E. H., P. O. box 313.
Oakland. V- / r ■
YOUNG lady school teacher desires to e*ve
instruction a few hours dally In common
school subjects. Write 3259 Twenty-fourth
at., or call after 1 p. m. ;
■ I
YOUNG lady of refinement desires situation
as companion to lady and assist In light
housework: refs. Box 1554, CalL
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker from St Louis
would Uke a few more customers. 1503
Larkin st. *
WANTED — Position as saleslady In millinery;
8 years" experience. St Kathryn Hotel.
room 253.
BY a refined young lady; offlce or store work
preferred: good penman and quick at figur-
ing. Call at 170 Elm ave.; phone Page 183X. i
AMERICAN woman wants position as general
helper .in kitchen; no trlflera. Address MRS.
L.. Xttij Jessie st.
STENOGRAPHER desires position In any kind
of offlce. Box lees, .Call. - "
REFINED woman wishes position In doctor's
or dentist's office; best refs. Box 1621. Call
FIRST-CLASS laundress takes washing home;
open air dry. Phone Page 7931.
A YOUNG lady school teacher desires to give
Instruction a few hours dally In common
school subjects. Write 3259 Twenty-fourth
st, or call after 1 p. m.
STENOGRAPHER, competent young lady, .1 .
years' experience; commercial or law pre-
ferred. Box 1535, CalL
STENOGRAPHER: young lady: 4 yeara* ex-
perience; competent, quick and accurate.
Box 1534. Call. j
ENGLISH governess (late of Part-) wishes }
employment: speaks rood German. Box
i 1722. Call office.
WANTED — By a good dressmaker, ladles' and ,
children's suits; work home. Box 1703, CalL
. ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch offlce, cor. Duncan and Church sts. j
WANT ad3 and subscriptions taken for The I
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st J
EMPLOY-EHT VTANTEJ-MALE.
BY waiter in country hotel. J. C, 154 Te- !
hama st.
. . i
BARTENDER wants work. R. MURRAY, 15 •
Third st. .
WAITER wanta position. 2216 Sixteenth st j
_____________ I
WAITER wants position. 221 Fourth at i
YOUNG man wanta position as apprentioe In
piano shop. Box 1439. Call offlce.
EVENING work wanted \ of any kind. "Box
1437. Call offlce.
WANTED — A position aa barkeeper. Apply J.
J. M.. 933 Kearny at
WANTED— Situation as sheet metal worker.
Address box 1471. Call offlce.
STEWARD wants position. 823 Howard st,
OFFICE} boy wants position. Box 1279. Call ,
offlc*. t
IIIDDLB-AGElD man wants a place as janitor
in a 3mall office. J. S.. 16 Jansen st
BOY wants work after school. Address 1416 ,
Valencia st, ;;.■ ■• |
POSITION wanted In a wholesale house by a ;
strong, willing young man. , Box 144% Call. :
wXNTED — Position as porter. J. COLLIXS,
744 Howard at.
BOY would like to go to the country and work.
Box 1443, Call offlce.
YOUNG Frenchman wishes situation of any
kind. Box 1417, Call offlce.
YOUNG man wants position as driver or work
in store; good references. 12SA Eddy st
BOOKKEEPER will keep set of books eves-
Ings; firm in Mission preferred. Box 1474,
CaU office. _^
AX up-to-date cutter of gents' garments from
the East desires position; capable to take full .
charge. O. P. PALMER. 1433 Irving at. West
Berkeley. -~ . j
POSITION wanted as porter by a. steady yonng-
man. Address box 1276. Call office.
POSITION as druggist ; best refernces. 102
Harriet st.
WILLING boy wants work after school and
on Saturday. Call at 541 Linden ave.
WANTED — Position as collector. Box 1557,
Call office.
AN office boy would like a position; best of
references. Box 1637, Call.
POSITION wanted — Candy-maker wishes em-
ployment AddreSs I. E. JOHNSON, 804
Lyon st.
A YOUNG man would like to get work In a
wholesale house. 1411 Montgomery st
YOUNG man wants position as clerk In hard-
ware firm; references given. Box 1302, CaU.
BOY, age 14, wants position In country; can j
handle horses. Address box leOO, Call offlce.
BY carpenter, repairs, general jobbing by day's
work. Address box 1625, Call office.
WANTED — A position as a porter in a whole-
sale house. Box 1304, CaU offlce.
BOY would like a position In drug store; best
or references. Box 1U2S. Call office.
WAITER wants work In country. F. McDON-
ALD, 1?>1 Tehama ft.
A BOY wishes a position in bakery to learn the
trade. Box 144S, Call offlce.
YOUNG man wishes position In a wholesale
hcuse. Box 1C87, Call offlce.
PORTER wants work In retail atore. Box 1512.
CaU offlce.
YOUNG man,- experienced bookkeeper, would
like position at once; references furnished.
Box 1513. CaU offlce.
LATHE hand wants work. 1124 Vallejo at
BOY wants situation. 1326 Vallejo at,
EXPERIENCED tinsmith's helper would Uke
ateady position; state wagesi Box 1506, CalL
GENERAL machinist wants position. Box
j 15C7. Call.
FIRST-CLASS tooimaker wants position; ref-
j erences. Box 1508. Call.
YOUNG man. 21 years old. wishes position as
driver of delivery wagon. Box 1305. CalL
! YOUNG man wants position as packer on the
! road. Box 1307. Call. - ;
■ YOUNG man - wants position In salesboase.
j Box 1308, Call. /
MANUSCRIPTS edited ancl carefully and
I properly prepared. Box 1618. Call offlce.
■ AN,, experienced engineer desires position on
stationary - engine; - ia thoroughly competent.
! Address H. 631 Golden Gate ave.
J WANTED — By a middle-aged man, a position
j as porter, or other work; Is a first-class
teamster. Call or address 1823 Oak st.
WANTED— Position In ©fJlee with chance to
> advance; references. 2302 Mason at
MAN and -wife want places on ranch or private
place; good all round man; understands care
of horses ; woman good, neat, plain cook. L.
T.. 162 Fourth Bt -
SITUATION wanted; . light work. Address
515^ Bush at, - . -• -.
A COACHMAN; good horseman: drivsr; city or
country; good references. Box 1275, CaU.
POSITION wanted as first-class ahoemaker In
repair shop or factory. Apply 163 Perry st.
EM-~-OTM-3-~r WAJTT_3>— M-U— Ocn^
POSITION wanted by man to drive ws«aa la
city. Address box 1501. Call.
3OY wants a situation hi a store. 740 Ho— -
ard st
V BRIGHT and honest yonng dentist d»_rta
employment. Address box 1616. CalL
3ARKEEPER wants position; city or coun-
try. Box 1615, Call^ ... z
3ARKEEEPER wants position; city or eoua*
try. Box 1614. CaU. •
3UTCHER wants position. Box IMS. Call
office^
3ARTENDER wants a position. Box 13-44,
Call offlce.
BUTCHER want, position. Box 1550. Call.
WANTED— Position aa electrician. Box 1303,
CaU offlce.
BUTCHER wanta position. Boa: 1502. CalL
TAILOR wants good position. 1312 Ho— _■£
street. j
SITUATION to care for horses, garden, ete.;
handy with tools: good driver: or clean win*
dows and do janitor work. H. B.. 017 Sao-
ramento st.
A YOUNG man wishes job to drive a delivery
wagon. ' Box 1555, Call.
WANTED— Position as wireznan. E. O.. 1S3H
Third at
BOY wants work after school. 3517 Twenttet-I
atreet. ■ - >
AMERICAN wishes position as driver of _•»
livery wagon. 114 Leroy place.
BARKEEPER wants position: city or oountry.
Box 1631. CalL
MAN wishes position as night watchman. Boa
itO2, CaU office.
YOUNO man would Uka a position to rusj
elevator. Box 1603. CalL
BARKEEPER wants position.- Box 1604. Cal],
WAITER wants position. Box 1605. Call.
MAN wants janitor work. Box 1609, Can
offlce.
fOUNG man wishes position •« shipping
clerk or driver. 147S Ellis at.
COLLECTOR and bookkeeper; hastier; lumbef
and hardware; ample security; want! work]
no soliciting. Box 1601. CaU office.
PORTER In wholesale house. Address bo*
l_2t>. CaU office.
BARTENDER wishea situation. Address t«
Gearv st.
A YOUNG man, married, wishes work of any
kind; steady and reliable. Box 1669. CalL
YOUNG man wishes position In lnsarano*
offlce: age 16. Box 1559. Call office.
HOUSEMAN In hotel or lodging-house w «trta
position. T. W. DAT. BOO Bush at.
POSITION as barber; first class; best of r»N
ere&ces. Address 163 Tehama st
YOUNG man wants work of any kind. ED*
WARD DELANEY, 225 Third at
YOUNG man desires position aa bartender In
grocery or saloon. Address T. A. O., 231
Third at.
BOY would Hire posltioa of any kind la itor*.
Box 1670. Call offlce. i
YOUNO man wants a job In a wholesale)
house. 911 & Filbert at
WANTED — Work as errand boy. Apply 29
Derby place, upper flat.
WANTED— Situation as barkeeper. Box 139^,
Call offlce.
i
BOY wants position as cashboy. Box 1357,
Call offlce.
WANTED — Position la a jewelry store; goo<t
reference. Apply 1516 Post st.
YOUNG man wanta position aa clerk. 1433
McAllister at
MIDDLE-AGED man would t like posltioa a*
night watchman. Addreaa 76 Natoma at
fOUNG man wants to learn a trade. 81834
Filbert at. *
EMPLOYMENT wanted aa blaekamlt-i'a
helper. Address all Isttere to 210l» Third at.
FIRST-CLASS gardener wishes position In %
private place. Address 229 Third st
. «
ELECTRICIAN and machinist wishes a post*
tlon; best of references. Box 1586. Call,
WANTED — Position as traveling salesman^
Address box 1537, Call offlce.
POSITION wanted aa barkeeper la elty. Bo*
1539. Call offlce.
POSITION wanted as waiter ia country hoteU
Box 1633. Call offlce.
GRAINER wants ateady work. 2077 Harrison
street
WOULD Uke work as porter. J. T. HARRIS,
744 Howard st
WANTED — Work as a porter. Apply MAX
DUNON. 333 Kearny at
GERMAN wants work of any kind; porter of
night watchman. Apply 1433 Fifteenth are.,
south.
SITUATION as janitor or porter. CaU ST4*_
Howard at.
FIRST-CLASS bartender wants posltioa. li
Hayes at.
EXPERIENCED barkeeper wishes position.
Box 15C0. Call.
PLUMBER'S helper wishes steady work. 34 A.
Moss st.
YOUNG man wants work Saturday err eolngs
in hat -tore. Box 1563, CalL
WANTED— Position as hotel manager; r»f»-
A. F., 1929 Mason at.
BARBER wants short-hour job. Box 192-,
CalL
BOY wanta work. 234 Mlnfia at
WANTED— Position by boy of 17 la drug star*.
Box 1623, Call. #
POSITION wanted aa porter In furnttur* star*,
refs. Box 1392, CalL > >
WANTED — Situation as clerk during holiday* f
refs. given. Box 1591. CaU.
WANTED— Position as errand boy. 511 Minna
street
WANTED— Position aa porter In wholeeml*
house. Box 1639. Call. 1
FIRST-CLASS chef wishea position; restaanaM
or cafe. Box 1641, Call office.
WANTED— Position as salesman. Apply ROB*
ERT CHRISTIE. 80 Post at.
WOULD like work as night clerk. J. COL-
LINS. 744 Howard at.
WAITER wants work hi country. W. M»«
CAULEY. 154 Tehama st.
WANTED— A job as draughtsman. TRAK-B
HARRINGTON, 322 Montgomery at
WANTED— A Job as porter. C. I* "WrLSOH,
447^. Jessie at __
MAN. 43, would like position aa night w-tetl i
man. Address box 1714, Can office.
BARKEEPER wants position la elty or ee- a-
try. Box 1«54. Call offlce. j
BOY wants to learn a trade. Box 1718. C_3
offlce.
WANTED— Situation aa stableman. AdflTe-J
W. J. P.. CaJI offlce. -
Al BARBER wishes steady work. 69 Websteft
street.
FIRST-CLASS young b-tler and ralet wishe*
position; city or country. Box 1716. Call.
WOULD like work as porter. JAiTES HAlt*
RIS. 744 Howard at. ■
A COOK wishes place 1a lunch or coffe« ho_s*.
Box 1645. Call offlce. s
A BARKEEPER wants a Job. Address bo*
1646\ Call offlce.
CARPENTER wants work. 8320 Eighteenth
street.
DRIVER and stableman wants situation. At~
dress box 1647. Call office.
BARBER wants short-h-u r pla— >. Call at *T*
Howard at. »
BARBER wants work. 249 Stsrinsea •«.
COOK wants work. 213 Stevenson at, £
PORTER wishes position In barber shojk Boat
1662, CaU office.
WAITER wants position; city or country. Bos
1660. Call offlce. T
GERMAN cook wants situation; good work-*.
Box 1655. Call office.
POSITION as plumber. Box 1644. Call efflc*.'
POSmOX a» tinsmith. Box 1657. Call offloe.
WATCHMAN wanU position at night. Sag.
1643, Call offlce. t
F»r Additional Cla-rifled Aili ffrtlw
ments See Page Forty-Six.
-H^___________<_c'.' . - » *
4546
-_:pr.oY_tEiirr ~a3ttep— Male— Co-..
V ANTKD— A Job as gardener. O. TRASK.
__SHt Powell et
WANTED— Position p.5 barkeeper or tending
£lgar &t_v. Box IMii. Call office.
■\VAITKU wants position. 2C4 Twelfth st
WOULD llke~work~_rportcr.~ J. F. HARRIS,
744 Howard st
WANTED— Position as bartender. Apply J.
J. D.. 744 Howard st.
STRONG young man wishes a position as por-
ttr in wholesale house. Address 5 Pine st.
MECHANICAL draughtsman. 2 years' expe-
rience, wants position; good tracer and de-
tailer: also use air brush. Box 118. Berke-
ley. Cal. ■
WANTED — Po»Itlon as candy helper; expe-
rienced. Box 10S2. Call office.
PKESP feeder wishes position. Apply 637
Eddy st
TOUNG msn desires position as stenographer;
two years' experience; references furnished.
Box 15S4, Call office.
STBONC >-_ndy all round man, good packer,
port** i*k 'business place; city references. Box
1528. Oill office. ,
BOY wants position after school and Satur-
days. Box 1530. Call office.
SHIPPING clerk would like work. Apply 44
Th!rd st.
WANTED— Work as waiter; best of reference!.
J. C. 114 Ellis st.
YOUNG man wishes position of any kind,
city. Box 1566, Call office.
YOUNG man wishes position as porter. Box
1531, Call office.
BOY 16 wants job driving a wagon: has had
experience: recommendations. Box 1593. Cal!.
SITUATION wanted as ranch foreman. Ad-
drees J. C. P. O. box 3Cj. Berkeley.
MAN wants position as bartender. H. WITT,
U21 Twenty-third St.
"WANTED— Situation as assistant bookkeeper
by steady and willing your.g man; ea^er to
work. Bex 1574. Call office.
EXPERIENCED Janitor wiahes a steady po-
sition. lO'P.uss st.
BOY would like to learn plumber's trade. 235
Natoma »t-
BOY war.ts a eituation in a store. jnr«"vj
Mission st.
■ WANTED— Situation as porter in saloon; ref-
erences. 226 Jessie et.
• POSITION as porter: bmt of references. Ad-
dress box 1673. *"all office.
• POSITION wanted as a barber. S3 Third st.
ERRAND boy war.ts position. EL TAYLOR.
f-48 Jessie st.
YOl'NG man v.ishe* work as elevator boy.
Box JOSS. Call office.
MAN warts position to drive tfam; steady.
Box 15M. Call office.
WANTED — Position as bartender. Apply
CAR- MACKAKT. Prescott House.
AN EXPERT in REVISING author's MSS.
and proofreading offrrs services. PROOF-
READER. 45 West Mission et.
fiOT 16 years old would" like position in whole -
" sale house. Box 15CS. Call office.
WRAPPER wants a position; with several
years." experience. Box 1C72. Call office.
" WANTED — Position as superintendent of win-
ery and vineyard. Address box 1GS3. Call.
POSITION by youn? man a« Follcitor for gro-
cery, city or country; best of references.
Ecx 1CS4. Call office.
POSITION by young man in grocery;
best of references. Bax 16S5. Call office.
• PORTER wishes occupation In saloon or res-
taurant. Box lf.*>0, Call office.
- BOY of 16 wishes position to drive light
wagon. Bex 1579, Call office.
WANTED— A situation by cook who is a good
baker. 114'i Bernard st.
WANTED— By strcng boy. place as elevator
boy. Apply 22 Derby place.
RELIABLE, steady, sober man wants work
Box 1577. Oaii office.
. .WANTED — Position as hostler. Box 1067,
Call office.
' WANTED— Position as cash bey. Box 1109
' ' CalL
WASTED — A position as shipping clerk: ref-
- erences. Box 1107. Call.
" A SWISS rr.aa. wishes to get a place milking
cowf. S15H Jessie St.
BOY u ould Ilk" to learn trade. 1689 Turk
street.
WANTED — Position as salesman. Apply
• HARRY MILLER. 529 Buah st.
TOL'NO man wants position to learn the
plumWn«; trade. Box 1C31, CaU office.
• WANTED— A position as porter. Apply J. J.
M.. 744 Howard st.
ETEXOGRAPHER wants position night work.
B. W. HALE, 1146 McAllister st.
'WANTED— Situation as porter; best of refer-
ence*. Bex 1071. CaU office.
TOUNG man wants situation; light work. Ad-
dress S13H Bush st.
. = YOl'NG man war.ts situation In office. Box
1504. Call office.
: EXPERIENCED cabinet maker would like
position. Call 253 Ftll St.
GP.OCEnY clerk wants position. 2080 Bryant
street.
BARBER wishes steady work. 773 Harrison
street. •-*;:;-'";•
. • A YOUNG man ■wishes a Job to run an ele-
%-ator. Box 1076, Call office.
MAN wants work by the day. 2024A Bryant
•treet.
. ALL-AROUND oook wants work; city or coun-
try. Address box 1677. Call office.
" COLORED man wants situation as cook. 1S67
Mason et.
COLORED man wants situation as cook. 830
Market et., room 49.
EXPERIENCED man wlafees position a* team-
ster: <-lt>- or country. Box 1682, Call office.
"POSITION, first-class ♦_!pper. Iron or brass.
217 Clara et
YOUNG — -an would like position as elevator
boy. Box 1P74. Call office. .-.."..
' WANTED — Employment by young roan from
morning till 8 p. m.; light remuneration.
Address MR. H., 412 Seoond ave.
FIRST-CLASS machinist wants a po—tlcn.
Address J. DULIN. 217 Clara st
FIRST-CLASS barttnfler wants position. Box
1S7S. Call office. '
OLD carpenter and cabinet maker wax— work;
finishing or rough; city or country; reason -
• able wages. Box 1648. Call office.
POSITION ss clerk In cigar store. Address
box 1C43. Call office.
BARKEEPER wants position In city or coun-
try. Bex 1C50. Call office.
CLERK for leather goods over holidays wants
position. Bex 1051. Call office.
■WANTED — Position by first-class bartender.
Box 1C63. Call offlc^ ■+
; BOY wants work In store. 18 Ninth st.
JANITOR wishes steady work. 18 Ohio it
' FIP—'T-CLASS cook wants situation; best ref-
erence. Box 1M1. Call.
,YOUNG man. honest and obliging, wishes work
of any kind between 8 to 10 a. m. and be-
. twees 4:30 to 11:30 p. m. : can furnish flne
» . references. ARTHUR MORSE, box 151».
Call office.
WANTED— Position as porter. Box 1223. CalL
GOOD cook wants position by the month. 310
, Tehama «t.
WANTED— A Job as a baker's helpers good
references. Phone Red 1250.
BOY wishes to drive a wagon. Box 1C18. Call
office.
EOY, 15 years, war.ts to work at night during
the holidays. C31 York et. /
TRAVELING sale-man wants position; any
■ line handled. Address box 1494, Call
WANTED— Position as a clerk. Box 1«S3. CaU
office. .
WANTED — Position as l_,«t-cla«s bartender;
can cook lunchT"best reference. Box 1487,
Call office.
POSITION wanted to clean windows In stores
or tn private places; also good gardener.
II. B.. «17 Sacramento et.
A HOY 1* years old wishes a steady Job. 3130
Pierce *t.
WANTED— Position as barkeeper. Address
»>ox 1201. Call office.
A YOUNG man wishes position as wrapper.
Box 1203 Call.
• BOY want* position In office; best of refer-
ences, -ox 1204. Call.
EMF-OYMEITT ~ANT_D— Male — Con.
A COMPETENT and reliable bookkeeper wants
a position, city or country; familiar with
ptiieral merchandise work. Box 1202. CaU.
LAW clerk, record eearcher. bookkeeeper, typ-
ing and stenosraphy, wants work. Box 12CS,
Call office.
STRONG young man wants work by the
month. 210 Falsom st.
WANTED— Position as collector. B. H. S..
l'J Powell st ______
BOY wants a Job in candy store. Box 1452,
Call office.
YOUNG man, experienced, wishes position to
run el-vator or do porter work. Box 1493,
Call ofilce.
WANTED — A position as cake baker. Apply at
S03 Utiion tt. _
MAN and wife wish situations as cooks, pri-
vate family, small club, hot«l: city or coun-
try: references. Address CHAS. 8., 11 Hopo-
ton terrace, city. ,
FIRST-CLASS waiter would like a place prl-
vate family. J. W. COLES. 678 -ilsslon st
WAITER— Lunch waiter, first-class, wants po-
sition. Address F. W.. 1315 Larkln st.
EXPERIENCED, sober and Industrious man
wants position as ranch foreman. 144 Pre-
cita nv«., city. '
LUMBER and mill office clerk, collector; handy !
man; hustler; security; references; wants
work. Box 1420. CaU offloe.
SMART German boy wants position. Address
271A Clementina et.
MAN wants work by the day. Call 220 Clara
street.
WANTED — A p!aee as night watchman. Ad-
dress box 1425. Call office.
POSITION wanted for the holidays. Address
box 142T.. CaU office.
STUDENT wants apposition. Address box 1421,
Call office.
LUNCH man wants steady work. ' 133 Third
strett.
YOUNG man wishes position in hardware store.
Box 14fi7. Call office.
BOOKKEEPER, cashier and salesman, compe-
tent and reliable, in need of work, desires
position; re'erenc's and bond. Box 1464. Call.
WANTED— Eituation as a drummer. Box 1459,
Call office.
WANTED— Situation as a steward In a hotel.
l>ox HtX>, Call office.
WANTED — Job as dishwasher. Address box
Hot. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man desires position as watch-
man. Address box 145S. Call office.
WAITER wants work In country. R-, 154 Te-
hama st. /
FIRST-CLASS plumber's helper, able to do
jobbing, would like work. Box 145«, Call.
YOUNG man wants any kind of work. Address
J0U3 Broadway.
BOY wants work in bakery shop at night
Box 1447. Call office.
CITY canvasser wants Job. Box 1427, CaU of-
fice.
PORTER wanOs Job; best of references. Box
1428. Call office.
POSITION wanted as office boy. Box 1232,
Call office."
GERMAN wants position as bart-nder; first-
class references. CaU at 233 Third Bt.
YOUNG man handy with carpenter's tools
wishes position. Call 233 Third st.
CABINETMAKER wants work. Box 1246,
Call office.
GOOD pressman. Call C19 Locust ave.
BOY wants to learn the plumbing trade. Box
1244. Call office.
YOUNG man desires situation 'as salesman.
Box 1243, Call office.
COMPETENT man would like a place in a
liquor htore or saloon for the whole or half
day. A. R-, box 1242, Call office.
MAN. sober, temperate, wants position as
watchman, day and night. Box 1241, CaU.
YOUNG man wants position as elevator opera-
tor from 5 to 10 p. m. Box 1239, Call.
AS editor and reporter on country newspaper;
non-union. Box 123S. Call office.
POSITION as elevator operator; have experi-
ence. Box 1237. Call office.
YOUNG man. Swede, age 29. wants work In
hotel cr restaurant as waiter; 10 years' ex-
perience; best references; speaks good Eng-
lish. Box 123C. CaU office.
SITUATION as errand boy In wholesale house.
Box 1230, Call office.
PIANO tuner wants Job. Box 1233, Call of-
fice.
HONEST boy, 17 years, would like to learn
any kind of a trade; best references. 900
Howard Bt.
WANTED — Position as drummer for cigar
house, city or country. Box 1435, CaU office.
STEADY, sober man wishes any kind of work
by the day. Box 1430. Call office.
YOUNG man wants position In wholesale
house. Box 1429, Call office. • '.■--.
JOB carpenter wants work: reasonable. 822
Seventh et.; phone Howard 3490.
STEADY man wishes position In office build-
ing- all-round man; city references. Box
12S2. Call office.
PAINTER wishes situation; all-round man.
86 Sixth St.. room 21.
PORTER wishes steady work. 214 Seventh st.
BARBER wants Job; open shop. Box 12S5,
Call office.
BARBER wishes short-hour Job. Box 1292,
Call office.
WANTED— A position as a shoe clerk: with 3
years' experience In the city. Box 12S3, CalL
WANTED — Situation as saloon porter; city or
country. J. BROWN, .204 Third st
WANTED— Situation as porter. 217 Shotwell
street
EDUCATED German wants position of trust
as cashier or bartender: understands busi-
ness; good references. Box 1287, Call.
A GERMAN boy would like work la a cap
factory. 158 Fourth st
WANTED— A position as barkeeper for Sun-
day. M. WEIMAR, 771 Howard st
A TEAMSTER wishes a place to drive furni-
ture wagon; know city well. 894 Geary st
BARTENDER wants situation. Box 1280. CalL
YOUNG man experienced In wholesale gents'
furnishing would Ilk* position. Box 1289,
CaU office.
BUTCHER, 22, wants position; shop and
wagon: can refer to present employer. Box
1290. Call office.
WANTED — Position as plumber's helper. 14O7
Baker st
WANTED — Situation as draughtsman. H.
NUSSMANN. 814 Learenworth st
YOUNG man wishes position •■ bookkeeper.
Address box 1291. Call office.
YOUNG boy. 18. French, strong and willing,
wants to work In hotel, restaurant or fac-
tory. A. CHABRAIC. 644 Pine st
YOUNG man. 17 years old. i wishes clerical po-
sition: can run typewriter and am now
learning shorthand. Box 1259, Call office.
POSITION wanted as stenographer. Box 6288,
Call office.
POSITION wanted as porter. Box 1293, Call
office. • ,
WANTED — Situation as- tinner's helper. Ad-
dress box 1204. Call office. ■
WANTED— Position ss solicitor.' Box 1263.
CaU office.
WANTED — Position In railroad office. Box
1257. Call office.
BOY wishes work In hotel. JACK ADAMS.
528 Bryant rt.
WANTED — Position as porter. Address 1501
Folsom st.
LUNCH waiter wishes position; steady lob
Box 1301. Call office, . ■ '
YOUNG man wishes a Job as bookbinder. Ad-
dress 6 Turk st ■
FIRST-CLASS ■ porter wants . work. Address
Call office. . ■ - - . . .
WANTED — Situation as plumber's helper. Ad-
dress Call ' office.
EITUATION wanted as shipping clerk. Address
217 Filbert et
SITUATION as hostler In livery stable. Box
1640. Call office. .
WANTED— Situation as stereotyper. Box 1264,
Call office.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. DECEMBER 4, 1904.
1 -MP_O YMEIT- WAOT?_P— Male— Con
WANTED — Job as teamster; well known In
city. Address 430 Fourth st.
MAN and wife want positions in country. Ad-
dresa Call office. ________
WOULD like work as waiter. GEORGE
HAYES. 903 Kearny st.
NIGHT watchman wante work. Box 1265.
CaU office. .
GOOD butcher wants situation. Box 1255, CaU
office. ■
BOY would like to get a position in an elec-
trical shop. Box 1253. Call office. .
SITUATION wanted as salesman. Address 735
Union st. • ■
YOUNG man wishes to work on farm. 419
Bryant street
YOUNG boy wishes to run errands after school
hours. 1115 Sixteenth st
WANTED — Employment as turkey packer. EX
GRAUPNER. 232 Turk st.
WANTED— Position as bartender. Address
box 1206. CaU office.
GERMAN cook wants work as second. 134
Third at. ; - i
YOUNG man. 25 years, would like to get !
work of any kind. Addreas box 1444, Call.
COMPETENT, reliable attendant wishes per-
manent position with invalid or mental pa-
tlent; references. Box 1227. CaU office.
YOUNG married man wishes steady Job of j
any kind: crood teameter; handy with tools;
not afraid of hard work; best references.
Box 1225. Call office.
MAN and wifla. wish steady work; city or
country; will' take charge of small ranch,
hotel, etc: best of references and bonds.
Box 1394. Call office. -
BRICKLAYER wants work: city or country;
competent man. Box_1829. Call office.
A MAN ■wants work In a delicatessen. Box
1412. Call office.
A PRACTICAL steam engineer, understands ;
electricity thoroughly; 12 years' experience. I
desires a position. Address box 1414, Call. 1
A COOK wishes a siWatlon. 1525 Powell st.
WANTED — Position as porter In saloon or
store. Box 1413. Call office. -*■■>
WANTED — Position as collector; refs.; Ne. 1
bonds furnished. ( Box 1108. Call.
WANTET>— By young man attending school, a '
place where he can work for board and
lodging. Learner, box 1562. CaU .office.
WANTED — Position as draftsman. Box 1329,
Call office.
WANTED — Work as waiter; country hotel. J.
L.. 154 Tehama st.
COLORED man wishes position as butler or
porter: useful man around gentleman's house;
has first-class refs. W. CH0C_ATE, IS
Seventh at., room 19.
JOB printer wants Dosition: city or country;
best refs. Box 13J7. Call.
CARPENTER wishes position; city or coun-
try: good mechanic. Box 1328, Call.
BOOKKEEPER, at present employed day
time, 4 years In present position, would Ilka
Email set of books to keep .1 nights In week i
Address Bookkeeper, 322 Clement st
WANTED — Position as clothing salesman. Ad-
dress 1701 Flllmore st.
EOY wants Jt>b In candy factory. Box 1213,
Call office.
A YOUNG man wishes work as an elevator
boy. Box 1212. Call.
EXPERIENCED boy would like work at car-'
penter trade. 134 Erie st.
WANTED— Position as bellboy. Box* 1272. Call.
WANTED— Position as bartender. W. R.. 159
Tehama st.
WANTED— Job as porter. C. MOYNE 677
Ellis st.
SITUATION by all-round baker; place near
city preferred. Box 1316. CalL
A MAN of experience would like a few more 1
engagements to give baths to Invalids at I
their home or would devote his whole time !
to the care of one. Apply or address Nurse, 1
058 Mission «t.
A BOY of 16 wants to do general work. Apply
061 Howard st. j
COOK wants Job; seoond or third: camp or
steamboat. Apply 225 Third st.
POSITION wanted as first-class cigar-maker.
Apply 239 Third st.
WANTED — Position as clothing salesman! Ad-
dress 2101 Geary st.
BOY would HkepoEitlon In office. Box 1312,
Call office.
WANTED— Position In a good photograph gal-
lery; flrst-claes references. Box 1273. Call.
BOY wants errand work after school and Sat-
urday^ 1206 Golden Gate ave.
WOULD like work as porter. Apply~C~MOY-
NA. 744 Howard at.
GARDENER, competent (single German) ref-
erences, wishes situation. Address box' 1634,
_Call_OfflCe ; ■■<::■':
SITUATION wanted as porter or Janitor. Ad-
dress R. H-, 1033 Golden Gate ave,
! WANTED— By English coachman, t<i take
charge of horse ranch or gentleman's place;
understand the handling of men; I am a
competent and thorough horseman; beat of
_references. Box 1385. CaU office.
A JAPANESE very honest boy wants 'position
at housework or. in store, city or country;
Sfl a week. 690 Valencia St.; tel. Church
1215. 1
YOUNG man, good references, desires a situa-
tion in grocery or other work. Address box
1274. CaU office.
SITUATION as handy man about bulldlns.
Room 11, 256 Eighth st.
POSITION as collector:~married; best of refer-
ences. Box 1219, Call office. .
HONEST Japanese wishes position as school -
boy or do housework or kitchen " help. H.
KOTO. B28 Stevenson st.
WANTED — Position as Janitor or night watch-
man; ls_a good engineer. Box 1485, Call.
WANTED — Employment by~a~ flrst-claes en-
glneer; good references. Box 1454, Call.
GENTLEMAN speaking English, Spanish and
Portuguese, wishes situation as salesman or
traveler for wholesale firm; references. Ad-
dress box 14S4. Call office.
A NO. 1 bread baker. Just arrived from the
East, wishes Job; city or country. Address '■
Baker,- 81 Third it *
BOY wants position In wholesale house. 833
Day st
BOY wants position as errand boyl Box 1207.
CaU office. __*
POSITION as night watchman. B. F., box
1387. Call office. .
GERMAN young man wants position In dry
goods business; seven years' experience. Box
1889. Call office.
GERMAN grocery clerk wishes position. W.
A. F.. 1005 Grove st "
KNIFE cutter wishes position cutting shirts,
overalls and pants. Box 1093, Call.
YOUNG man wishes a position as bookkeeper.
Box 1091. Call.
EITDATIO'N as an electrician. Box 1101, Call.
WANTED— Position as drug clerk. Box 1104,
Call office.
A BOY 14 years old wishes a steady Job.
_1011 Duoont st _ • t
LABORER wants steady work of any _tn_
677 Natoma st. ■
WANTED — A Job as teamster. Box 1501, CaU
offloe. Oakland. ■ ■
WANTED— A Job for carpenter. M. WISEN,
660B Jessie st. ■■■-
CARRIAGE painter wants situation. 127
Powell st.
POSITION as waiter; best of references. Box
10e8. Call office. . " .
WANTED — Work by an errand boy . after
school hours. Apply boy, 36 Mary st.
A>J experienced egg candler wishes steady
position. Box 10S0. Call office.
SITUATION wanted as night watchman . Mr,
Bugk. 878 Union . St. .-■ •..-.....v..
WANTED — Position, by young man with ex-
perience with civil engineer. C. H. F. M..
744 Howard -t j '
WANTED — A clerical position . for a couple
of hours In the evening; expert bookkeeper.
Box 1039. CaU office.
WANTED — Position as errand boy. Box 1012.
CaU office. -
BOY wants work. 2027 Taylor st '
EXPERIENCED cigar salesman desires posl-
Itlon. ' Box 1342. Call office.
SITUATION wanted as night watchman. AL-
BERT OREENHOW, 1707 Dupont st
POSITION as fireman; understands handling
oil engines. CaU at- 201 Fremont st.
MARRIED man, handy with tools, would like
work of any kind. Box 1030. Call. w.< -
PAINTER wishes situation; all-round man.
122 Turk st. , ; , . ' -. :.. ..
POLISHER wishes situation. 122 Turk st.
FIRST-CLASS fresco painter wlshes~employl
■ rcent. 1004 Howard st. '
.BOY would like -position ..In, grocery." Apply
.WANTED — Position, by young married couple;
husband accustomed ■ to horses; country pre-
ferred. Box 1060. CalL
! EMPLOYMEW-vrA»TEP— Malt — Con.
"WANTED— A position as bartender. Apply J.
_HARRIS._7M_ Howard st ' ■ -
WANTED— Work "as "waiter; country hotel.
F. M., 154 Tehama st.
POSITION as stonecutter! Address The Oaks,
119 Third at.
GARDENER wants position. Apply 225 Third
street.
WANTED— Work in the afternoon. I to~6
o clock. _Addresa box 1018, Call Office^ C
ELDERLY man wantfl^posltlon 7 ' as night
watchman. Box 1002. Call.
SITUATION wanted as porter In furniture
store. Box 1017. Call. , *
FURNITURE packer wants position. HEINZ.
027 Mission st
W £SI2P— PosU l<» •* Porter. Apply J.
KNOWELe. 744 Howard st
GARDENER wants work t>y the day. Box
1019, Call.
W ££ rT:T> — Position a_ barkeeeper. Apply F.
FRAZER. 933 Kearny st
BOOKKEEPER wants clerical work of any
k j_djsvenlngs. Address box 1059. CalL__
WANTED— Situation 'as oiler on engine. Box
i 1077, Call.
I WANTED — Situation as streotyper"s appren-
1 tlce. Box 1076. Call.
BRIGHT, honest young man of 17 years wishes
to work in wholesale house. In stock or fill
■ orders; one not afraid of work; best of ref- i
erences._lll5_Stelneri!t_
A MAN wishes a position' around a gentleman's
place; care of horses and garden. Address
_J. H.. 258tt_Tehama 8t . ■
A YOUNG Japanese honest boy wants a posi-
tion as waiter and dishwasher from 5 p. m. |
M. TAKEMURA. 031 Sacramento_ st j
WANTED— A position"—! ~collectorr~Box 1519, i
Call office. Oakland, j
EMPLOYMENT wanted by~a~gentleman~who '
understands burning oil and care of boilers.';
Box 1557,_CaU_offlce._Oakland.
POSITION wanted by a painter. Box 1053.
> Call office. !
WANTED^-Posltlon as errand boy. 14S~ThTr-
teenth at
POSrTION_as_ butler. Box 1211. Call_offlce._
WANTED— A position" aa a packer In awhole-
_eale house. A. J. B., box 1249. Call office.
I A CLERK wishes position as stock clerk In
shoe house. A. P., box 1331. CaU office.
FIRST-CLASS driver desires position on deliv-
ery wagon. 418 Clementina Bt
i STEADY, reliable Scandinavian wants work of
any kind: can drive and care for horse. Box
1323. Call office.
WANTED— Position as bookkeeper. 325 Ellis.
MARRIED man wants work of any kind. F.
WICK. 600 Dupont.
BOY wants a Bltuatlon In office. Apply 1404
Mission st.
NICE boy wants any work In downtown out-
room: meal; Japanese. GEORGE, 715 Sac-
I ramento St.. phone Black 1871.
CARPENTER wants job work; city or coun.-
_try._ Address box 1277. CaU office. I
FIRST-CLASS cook wants situation; hotel;
city. L. 275 Stevenson st
WANTED — Employment by man capable and
reliable; can fill any kind of place; best of
references. Box 1220, CaU office.
COOK or lunch man in a saloon. 703 Third st.
JAPANESE wanta position as waiter or In
pharmacy or saloon. Address D. K. 8., 1200 ;
Ninth ave., city. ]
CHINESE, first-class oook, wants place. 832
Washington. WONG SING.
CHINESE first-class cockj Charley; general .
housework and dish boy. AH FOO, 27
_Waverly place.
AN honest, strong Japanese My wants a posl- !
tlon as houseworker in good family. S. ABE, I
J. G. S., "25 Geary at '
A JAPANESE experienced cook wants position
■ in private family. 1812 Devisadero st; tel.
Scott 241. j
A NICK young Japanese boy wishes to work j
as schoolboy in a small family. F. S.. 2297
Jackson st j
WANTED — Position as teamster. JOE SUJAN,
. Eagle Hotel. 402 Broadway.
/*A BOY wants to get a Job to learn trade of
painting. 749 Pacific st
POSITION as clothing salesman; years of ex-
perience. Box 1113, Call.
BARBER wants position In country. Address
box 1100, Call. . I
STENOGRAPHER, competent and reliable. 15 I
years' experienoe in general office work; sat- ■.
lsfactory references. Address REDEL, 2_t |
Pierce at. - < j
i CARPENTER, non-union, can plan building,
1 wants work. Address box 1031. Call office.
1 WANTED — A position as porter. Apply J. J.
! DEFT. 1501 Folaom st. ■ i
WANTED — A position as porter by a handy i
man. Address 755^ Golden Gate ave. j
GERMAN barkeeper or lunchman desire* sltua- j
tion; references given. Address box 1008, i
Call office. • ;
CASH BOY wants work. Atfdress box 1078, !
I _jCa_offlc_.
I BARBERS— A steady man for Wednesday Sat-
urday. Sunday, or short hours. Box 1062, I
I Call office. I
: CARPENTER wants work by the Job, day. or •
i any old way; first-class; non-union. Box
I 1061. Call office. j
WANTED— By good handy man. the charge of
I an elevator in hotel. Address J. F., 138
j Hayes st.
J MAN handy with plumbing or carpenter's tools
wishes work; reasonable. 110 Minna st.
OOOK wants position; city or country; hotel
or restaurant or boarding-house: can do I
baking; reference. Address box 1072. Call. j
I A SITUATION as" a packer. *' WILLIAM \
BLACK. 411 y, Greenwich st. j
BOY wishes work after school~knows city
well. Address ■ 1200 Golden Gate ave.
WANTED— Work~by~a painter "and paper-
_ hanser with tools. Box 1004. Call office.
A YOUNG man would like Job as porter: ex^
I Derienced. Address box 1007. Call office.
I — — — _______ ____________ __________
■ POSITION as shipping clerk In wholesale
: house. 1423 Mission st.
MAN desires work of any kind. Address 927
Pacific st
A COOK would like situation In restaurant or
family hotel. Phone Hyde 3401.
GENTLEMAN wishes position as traveling
salesman; 10 years' experience; cutlery pre-
ferred. Address box 1010, Call office.
i WOULD like a position as office boy. ABE
COHN, 685 Natoma st
AN experienced stenographer wants a posl-
tlon. Box 1344. Call office.
POSITION as solicitor; married; years of ex-
; perienca. Box 1343, Call office. _^
POSITION as collector; give bonds If required.
Box 10C9. Call office.
BOOKKEEPER wants position. Box 1070,
Call office. I
YOUNG man desires position as bookkeeper. I
Address 969 Halght at.
BOY wanta position with chance for advance-
ment. 174 Clara Bt. « -V -■ r,
YOUNG man desires position In Jewelry house.
C17 Natoma st.
GARD-NERrwell experienced, thoroughly, re-
Uabla. wishes position; good references. L.
Q., box 11T5. Call office. .
A CAPABLE and experienced married farmer
■ wishes a position as working foreman on
email stock, fruit or grain' ranch; thorough-
ly understands stock and ranch work In all j
Its branches; competent to take full charge;
can furnished the best of references If neces-
sary. Address FARMER, box 1176. Call.
BOY .wants work afternoons and Saturdays.
W.. box 1334. Call.
WANTED — Position as clothing salesman. Box
'1310. CaU. » •
WANTED— Work firing cr tending boilers. Box
1333. Call. .
DRUGGIST. 25. 7 years' experience, speaks
German, English and French, wishes position.
BRUNO LOETWB, 310 Mason st. city.
JAPANESE high school student wants position !
as helper before and' after school in good i
family; -plain cook; waiter; good refs. S. '
FUJI, box 1037, CaU. * „ |
LIBERAL reward given to anybody who can I
find a steady Job for a first-class all around !
blacksmith; strictly sober and reliable. Box
1038. Call.
CABINETMAKER Mn: furniture store; repair-
ing; varnishing; ref.; 30 years; small salary.
Address Cabinet, 6643 Fremont st, Oakland.
WANTED— Position as bookkeeper. Box 1551,
- Call office, Oakland,
STENOGRAPHER, many years' experience,
• wants r»osltlon. Box 1016. Call..'.- . /.
WATCHMAN wants position. ■- Apply at : 227
Third st:
BOY wants position In office. Address C. ED-
WARDS JR., 3137 Laguna.
WOULD like position as bartender. Apply 13 I
Third st. 1
WOULD like work es nlitht clerk. J.
_COLLINS, _744 Howard st. - •
A : STEADY man would" like. , a situation as
- night waiter, in ' restaurant; '.willing • to * do
sorter work. A.'. J., box 1228, Call office.
S^lJOY^^jV^jBrTED-- Male— Cog_
WAN^-D— Situation as srtereotyper. Box 1004.
j _CaIl office. • -
' FIRST-CLASS burner wishes employment 1004
- Howard at. . '
A YOUNG man would like a Job in a stable.
__W.-C. -C. box 1028. Call office.
! A YOUNG man' would like work as a book-
j st
! YOUNG man wishes a~lob as waiter. TeiT
Sutter_1874.
WANTED — Position as bookkeeper; references.
__Box_1020._Call offloe.
BOY 17 years old woulditke to carry a room-
.'ng_Pager route. Apply 1118 Golden Gate.
WANTED— Place as a watchman. Box~1023.
Call office.
I _____
i "WANTED— Position as cook. 909 Harrison st.
I A oS OY ; "ye 8 " old. wishes a steady~Job.
2616 Larkln st.
WA £"*P?-" P08ltl0n *» P° rter - S. H.. 143
Third st.'
A BOY wishes to leanTthe printing trade. 321
Bryant st
WANTED^-Positlon as waiter In cam a. w"
BARTINE. 744 Howard st
WANTED — Position as barber. S G. HIG-
- SON. 789 Jessie st ■ < V
PAINTER, paperhanger and tlnter; has tools.
! Address Painter, 1020 Eddy st. Phone West
2283.
i WANTED— Job as teamster; well known In
city. Box 1004. Call office.
A YOUNG man would like a position to run
electric elevator. Box 1024, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS carpet layer and upholsterer,
work day or piece; phone Larkln 3094. 927
Eddy st. ,
BARBER would like a steady position. W.
J. C. 158 Fourth st. city.
j FIRST-CLASS waiter wants, work In a hotel.
615 Shotwell st.
WANTED — Position as blacksmith's helper.
Address box 1051. Call office.
BRIGHT young man, 27 years, desires position
as clerk, stenographer, salesman or collector
In city or country; highest references. Box
1521, Cal' office. ,
YOUNG Danes, age 25, wishes position as book-
keeper's) assistant; 10 years' experience In
Denmark; speaks English and German; $10
week. Box 1611. Call office.
STEADY, sober young man wants ■position as
porter »n hotel, office, or ae vegetable man;
no saloon work; will do any kind of work:
reliable and sober. Box 1764. CaU office.
A MAN with 16 years' experience in the
laundry business would like a position as
foreman or washer. Address box 1629. Call.
SALESMAN having 7 years' experience In
specialties wants position at once. Box 1449,
CaU office.
FIRST-CLASS barber wants steady work even-
Ings, Saturdays and Sundays; state wages.
Box 1262. Call.
GOOD milker, horseman and general work on
ranch, wants situation. Box 1-61. CalL
WANTED— Position as waiter. Apply J.
HARRIS, 744 Howard st
POSITION wanted by young man. ag» 29
years, in power plant or manufacturing com-
pany as pipefitter or work Involving same.
Box 1738, Call office.
WANTED — Aii old one-armed Confederate sol-
dier needs work. Address Soldier, box 1529.
CaU office.
YOUNG man wants work In a wholesale house
or grocery • store ; can furnish references.
Box 1578. QfcU. •
YOUNG man having horse and buggy would
like position as collector or salesman for 3
days of the week; best of references. Box
1689. Call office.
A GERMAN, middle-aged and single,- wishes
a situation as clerk in grocery store and bar-
room; good references. W.. BOHLING, 417
Kearny st. ■
WANTED— By a German, position to milk !
cows, tend horses or take care of place; ref.
Address GEORGE WOLLAP, Dominican Sls-
ters. Twenty-fourth and Guerrero sts.
PAINTER and tlnter, must have employment: !
highest class of work and strictly business:
"Promptness and neatness" my motto. Box
1721. CalL _J
SITUATION wanted as coachman; understands
the care of horses, carriages , and around a
gentleman's place; city or country. Box 1717,
. Call office. '
EXPERIENCED wrapper would like a posl-
tlon In retail store. Box 1572. Call.
AN elderly American wants to cook for a few
men; WRires not considered. " Box 1665. Call.
A RELIABLE Japanese boy. who understands
English, wishes position to do general house-
work and cooking in a small family In the
city. Address I. SAWAI, 315% Stockton st.
A JAPANESE boy, good and honest, wishes
position as a schoolboy: speaks English: un-
derstands all housework; wag*»a $2 a week;
; in small family. Address K. N.. 1431 Bush.
AN honest, diligent Japanese boy wants a po-
sition: cooking and general housework; $0
up a week. Y. SATO, 725 Geary st.
JAPANESE — A boy wants housework or school
boy In the city. S. SAKA. 1410 Pine at;
telephone Hyde 171. ■
A JAPANESE young man wants a position as
schoolboy or any housework: good refer-
ence. Y. TANABE, 331 Eddy st. in rear.
JAPANESE boy wants a situation In the city;
well experienced tn housework. GEORGE. '2
Delaware court, off Sutter St., S. F.
A JAPANESE cook wants situation as a cook
and housework In small family. FUMI, 419
Jones st. ■
A JAPANESE boy wants position, housework;
city or, country. 1513% Geary st.
ECZEMA CTTB.—.
$100 FREE for any case of eczema, salt rheum
or barber Itch that I can't cure; a trial treat-
ment free. DR. BROWN, 64 Sixth st '
/ riATSTO LET.
• 1 \
A — HOUSES and flats to let: an Immense list:
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-59 Geary
st. on the square.
COTTAGES, houses and flats to let; every- de-
g slrable vacant place In San Francisco on
our lists; service absolutely free; let us find
you a place; come In and let us know what
rent you want to pay and the locality; "we
do the rest." Sterling Furniture Company,
1039 Market St., opp.- McAllister.
NEW lower modern flat of 4 large rooms,
porcelain bath, stationary washtub. gas,
mantel, etc.; No. 1CA Hoff ave., near 'Six-
teenth st., bet. Valencia and Mission; 'rent
$17; open to-day. * > •■•
30 BEAUTIFUL sunny flats of 4 to 8 rooms
and bath; Lombard st. east and west of
Devlsadero: rent recently reduced. VON
RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO.. 613 California.
UPPER flat 5 rooms, porcelain bath. Inclosed
porch and yard; In flne order; rent $21 60;
open to-day. No. 16 Hoff ave., near Six-
teenth st. bet. Valencia and Mission.
NEW flats on the west line of Van Ness ave,
north of Francisco; rents ranging from $25
to $35. VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO
613 California st. ■
BUCHANAN. 1103— Flat of three rooms and
bath: rent $18. VON RHEIN REAL ES-
TATE CO.. 513 California st.
ELEGANT new upper flat; 8 rooms, with at-
tic, beamed celling, paneled dining-room;
rent low. 1338 McAllister, near Stelner.
627 DOLORES St., near Nineteenth — Sunny up-
per flat 5 rooms and bath; newly papered and
painted; $20.
$40 — FINE flat 7 sunny rooms, bathroom, 2
attic rooms and basement. 1428 Green st,
, near Van Ness ave. .
GOLDEN GATE, nr. Central a\-e. — New sunny
flats, tinted, frescoed, 5 rooms, bath, $30;' 6
rooms,' bath, attic, $35; open dally.
WEBSTER, 2918,, cor. Union — Desirable upper
flat: sunny rooms; marine view; 7 rooms and
bath; rent $30. ...
UPPER sunny flat. 6 rooms, bath and base-
ment; 1311A Lyon st; rent $22 50. Key at
lower flat.
A LOWER flat of 4 rooms, large hall, gas
• yard: rent $12. • 1510^4 Leavenworth st
ALPINB. 49. bet Waller st. and Duboce ave.
and Devlsadero—^Pretty 6-room sunny flat
A MODERN upper flat; $25; 6 rooms, bath
yard, basement. 639B Minna st
ALL improved; new and tinted; sunny upper
Proems: $2S. 1354 Scott st. nr. Ellis.
BAKER. '733 — Very flne middle flat, G rooms
bath; nearly new; near McAllister st; sunny!
BUSH, 2SSS. cor. Devisadero — Desirable upper
,f_t; 7 r. and b.; rent reasonable. .
BUSH.' SW. corner Hyde—^Sunny seven rooms-
upper flat; $50.
711 CASTRO st. near Twentieth— Lower flat 5
rooms, bath; $21.
DALE s place, 8, - off : Golden Gate ave . near
Hyde — 6 rooms and bath; no children.-
ELEVENTH. 133— Rear flat of * rooms.' cheap.
_____ TO I.ET — Co-t_mad.
VAN NESS ave.. 2327-29. M.Union-2desir-
able upper flats; S r. and b. each, marine
view; rents reasonable. ;
KLEGANT middle 7-room and bath^ «° eTery
room; flne garden. 1357 McAllister st.
ELEGANT new flat 6 large sunny rooin» and
bath. 1737 Page st, near Golden oate .rar-.
ELLIS. 1247. near Octavla— New flats. 7-7-10
1 rooms; open dally between 10 and P.
FILLMORE 3322A— Nearly new. "unay f 1 **.^
rooms; gas; furnished or unfurnished; s 1- ow.
FLAT fcr rent— io_f~_Tlnna »t. nr. 11th; four
sunny rooms and yard; rent $15.
FLAT of 7 rooms) and bath; 1193 Turk st. cor-
1 ner Buchanan; reasonable to good tenant.
FLORIDA, lies, r.r. 24th— Modern, new upper
flat. 5 rooms: rent $22 BO. • _____
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 2023, nr. Lyon st. — De-
slrabie upper flat; d r. and b.; rent reas.
20C5 GREEN— Handsome sunny modern flat
of 7 rooms; bay view; rent cheap.
1747 HAYES, near park entrance— Modern sun-
ny fiats: 3 and 5 rooms, bath; rent $13
and $22 50. '.*_:.' v
HILL. 527 — Upper flat of 5 rooms and bath;
near Castro.
HOWARD. 2C51A— ModernTower flat; 6 rooms,
bath; store room; $22 50; water free.
OCTAVIA. 405. cor. Fell— Flat 5 large rooms,
bath, yard, basement; modern lmprorementsi
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let Call
on LYON _ HOAQ, 116 Montgomery st.
LOWER flat; 3552 Twenty- third st.. near Guer-
rero; 4- rooms, bath, large basement
LYON, 11 V, — Modern sunny upper flat of T
rooms and bath; rent reduced; $35.
MODERN sunny flat of 6 rooms and bath.
4124 Twenty-sixth st. near Noe and Castro.
NEARLY new upper fiat, 4 rooms and bath.
3.JG Tehama st.
NICE sunny upper flat, « rooms; rent $25. 733
Schrader st. near Waller.
PIERCE. 2935— Near cars; elegant 6-room flat;
reasonable; yard; basement; marine Ylew.
SANCHEZ. 115. nr. Duboce Park— New modern
flat of 7 rooms; rent reasonable.
SUNNY upper flat. 8 rooms: bath: 163 Doug-
las st.. opposite ISth st.; rent $25.
2S10 PINE— Sunny upper flat of 7 rooms and
bath; rent reasonable; large sunny yard.
TENTH ave.. 231. Richmond District— Upper
flat. 6 r. ; will tint suit tenant: rent $27 60.
VALENCIA. 922 — Upper flat 4 large sunny
rooms and bath; rent reasonable.
$12— UPPER flat, of 4 rooms, to let 224 Har-
riet St., near Harrison.
$22 50— BUSH. 2553. near Devlsadero— Five and
bath; first month's rent free to good tenant.
$25 — NEW sunny flat. C rooms and bath.
Northwest corner Noe and 24th sts. _^
FLATS FOB SA__— PUBITISHED.
A MODERN, sunny upper flat of 7 large rooms,
completely furnished; carpets, linoleum and
hangings bought of Sterling's for cash 14
weeks ago; a bargain; obliged to go to Mon-
tana. 917 Jones st, near Bush. .
FOR sale — Massive oak bedroom furniture and
other furniture and carpets; all new. Call
after 1 p. m. t 240 Noe it.
FOUR-ROOM furnished apartment: modern,
reasonable. Call afternoon, apartment 720,
624 Ellis st.
A FURNISHED flat of 0 rooms, with 3 perma-
nent roomers; marine view; cheap rent.
1110% Filbert, near Hyde. Call after 10.
FURNITURE for sale of a 4-room flat. 573
Gearv st, lower flat
A BARGAIN — No reasonable offer refused; con-
tents of a 6-room flat. 115 Sanchez st
FLAT of 7 rooms, all sunny, neatly furnished,
for sale cheap. 882 Halght st
FLAT of 4 furnished rooms for sal*. 390 F1U-
more st. near Page.
FOR sale — An 8-room furnished flat. Call be-
tween 8 and 2. 11C0 Ellis st.
NICELY furnished fiat. 7 rooms and bath; bar-
gain; must sell before 6th. 952 Pine st
GREEN, 1011 — Furnished upper flat, 5 rooms,
bath; marine view.
NEWLY furnished 7-room flat, north of Mar-
ket: bargain: $460, 1183 Bush st
r_ATB TO I.ET— PT~ jn_-_P.
STANLEY place, C9 (Rlncon Hill) — Nicely fur-
nished sunny upper flat, 4 rooms and bath;
larse yard; $25.
GEARY. 1015 — Newly furnished. S rooms;
bath, toilet separate; hot water; every con-
venience; £30.
NINTH, 133 — Furnished flat of three or six
rooms; cheap.
SANCHEZ, 1211 — Furnished 4-room sunny up-
per flat and bath;' must sell; cheap rent
SUNNY flat — Six " nicely furnished rooms;
adults. 438 Fourteenth st. •■-: - ■■
riNAsrciAi,.
THE REALTY SYNDICATE. '
Capital paid lb $(,600.000 00
Surplus 940,901 88
Issues
Six per cent '
Investment Certificates
At par.
Office — No. 14 Sansome st, '
San Francisco. Cal.
1 STOCK In the Oakland Cremation Association
for sale. Apply to W. E. BARNARD, 476
Tenth st... Oakland.
COMPANIES formed: mining or patents; stock
sold; strong Eastern connections; advice free.
Write A. F. HARASZTHY, 522 Crossley bldg.
rTJ-HT-TTr»E WA1TTED.
ABE LEVY, ~~~™ ~*
Salesroom,' 1135 Market st. Tel. Jessie 781.
Do'n't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
Dlture. etc.. until you get his estimate.
WIEL pay 20 per cent more for furniture than
dealers or will sell on commission. L H.
BURP, auc. 1036 Market: phone Jessie 2338.
SALESMAN wanted: second-hand furniture
store; experienced one only need apply. Cor.
Eleventh and Franklin sts., Oakland.
CALL on Alfred Wollpert, 773 Mission st. be-
fore telling your furniture. Phone Red 44B2.
rTJ_.WI~JR_ rOR SAIiE.
HENRY MAYER pays highest prices for fur-
niture, carpets, ate -782 Mission; tel. Bush 813
WALNUT parlor set for sale, etc. 253 Thlr-
teenth st.. bet. Howard and Mission.
HELP WANTED — PEMALE.
THE Romayn-Shlrk Register, Renting and Adv
Co.. 612-613 Grant bldg.. cor. 7th and I Mar-
ket; phone South 104— Waitresses, lst-class
city hotel. $25 mo.; waitress, swell city hotel
call to-day. $20 fd.; waitress, city restaurant
K ood place. $S wk; 3 girls, general home-
work, $20. $2u; girl, housewk.. Berkeley no
wash. $20; nurse girl. Mill Valley. $15 mo •
cook and housewk.. German pfd., $30 We
. are open from 10 to 12 on Sundays.
A NURSE, $25; housexlrl, country $30' two
housegirls. city. $50; housework girl Berke-
ley, $25: second girl, $25; cook. $30': nurse-
girl, must sleep home, $15: two waitresses.
same hotel. $20. MRS. NORTON. 508 Mason.
GIRL as waitress, oyster house, city 125
• Girl for housework, no cooking 12O
Cal. Emp. Agency. 14 3d st; tel. Bush 405.
A-WANTEE—Glrls to learn~halrdressing.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks; tuition $5 to those entering now
three positions to fill Immediately; positions
- guaranteed at $10 per week up; heading
school In West 233 Geary st. room 13?
WANTED — Glrla to learn milUnery now for
fall season; both seasons taught from start
to finish in one month for $5; positions as
trimmers, salesladies, makers, guaranteed at
$10 per week up: 7 positions to be filled lm-
medlately. Parlora, 143 Stockton, «t, r. 13.
A— PACIFIC College teaches hairdressing
manicuring, electric massage, etc. : six hours*
practice a day; guarantees positions; only
recognized college of Its kind on coast; day
and en-enlng classes; all parlor work at re-
duced prices. 133 Powell st
LADIES wanted everywhere copying letters at
home, evenings or spare time and return to
us; no mailing or canvassing: $r> weekly
earned: materials free; Inclose self-addr-ssed
envelope for particulars. Guarantee Co si*>
Ninth tt, Philadelphia. Pa. . .. '
EXPERIENCED SHIRT AND OVERALL
OPERATORS. AND A LIMITED NUMBER
TO LEARN. STANDARD FACTORY COR
GOUGH AND GROVE STS. '
WANTED— Competent; energetic commercial or
shorthand . teacher (Munson system) for up-
to-date business college. Address, with ref-
erences and salary desired,- Principal, f-n
office, San Jose. Cal.
Apply J.
H~f-P WA-rrx_>-.rE__\iiE-_coat-i-dd.
2 COOKS, no washing city J30-S35
Cook. Mento Park ." ....7.7'."" ' 130
S second girls 820- v*%
Chamberwork and laundress I_$
3 waitresses for cafe *"s7-$s" we«lt
Upstairs girl and seamstress... s~j
Kitchen helper. Redwood city *"" *_O
Housework girl. Oakland r-,
Housework. 2 family. Mare Island *W>
Upstairs girl and nurse -■ J_j
Cook, small boarding-house . * " ' j_j
A largo number of housegirls. city "and" 'c'oun-
Apply to j. F. CROSETt"_'c'6.'.'334 Sutter?
WAITRESS for plain hotel. $20; 2 waitresses
for first-class boarding-house in city $20
•ach; cook, must be willing to do some'llttU
housework, wages $33, see lady here; nursery
maid for child 6 years old. $20. m_it sow
some: 2 waitresses for a first-class hotel ta
city. $23 eash : 4 girls for cooking and house-
work, for country places. $30 each: 20 house-
work gills for city places. $30. $25 and $20.
MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter St.. nr. Powell.
CLEANER for an Institution, city, $20; seam-
stress (on children's clothes), for an Institu-
tion. $20. room and board; cook for an in-
stitution. $30; parlor maid and waitress. $30;
girl for cooking and housework, for Santa
Barbara, $30. see lady In city: cook for GU-
roy, wages $35. see lady here: 20 housework
girls for city and country, wages from $13 to
$35. MISS PLUNKETT, 423 Sutter St.. near
Powell. ,
AT the Gerw«n-S— 'edlsh Employment Burean,
MR9 LAMBERT. 413 Powell st. help of all
nationalities wanted to fill various positions.
EXPERIENCED OPERATORS ON TWO*
NEEDLE MACHINES. STANDARD FAC-
TORY. COR. GOUGH AND OROVB 8T_»
AN experienced stenographer; state are, expe-
rience, rate of speed, where last employed,
fuU particulars, etc.; good salary to right
party. Box 1420. CaU office.
LADIES, $23 1000 copying short letters aomet
material sent free; send stamped addressed
envelope for copy of letter Sc particulars.
Eastern Co.. 81T H«od tldg.. Philadelphia, P*.
WANTED— A neat German woman to d»
oooklr-g and housework: wages $30. T3T
Buena Vista ave,; tak* Halght-st. ear, get
off at Central ave.
LADIES to do piecework home; we furnish —3
materials and pay $7 to $12 weekly; sen4
stamped envelope to ROYAL CO., 3* E— rt
Monroe st. Chicago.
LADY to travel; references required; salary
921 per week: expenses advanced. J. 3.
ZIEOLER _ CO.. 323 Dearborn st. Chicago.
WANTED — Salesladies for waist and ■— irt de-
partment; position permanent. Apply
.MARKS BROa. 1220 Market at.
WOMAN to do plain washing at home. CaU
9 to 12. Hotel Seven Oaks, Bush and Tayloc»
room 44.
LADIES for steady horn* employment: $3 an4
$12 weekly. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket st.. room 618.
LADIES, $30 1C0O copying totters; no — «Mns]
to friends or furnishing addresses. U. 3.
Adv. Co.. Dept 2. Chicago.
LADIES having embroideries. Battenberg 09
drawnwork to sell; also to do other work.
Ladles' Exchange. 34 Monroe st, Chicago.
WOMAN without experience: good opportunity
to learn a business in which ther* Is oppor-
tunity for advancement Box 1492. CaU.
WANTED — Stenographers to prepare for Gov-
ernment examinations soon to take place.
Particulars box 1491. Call.
WANTED — Young woman as housekeeper fo»
small plain family; good place for right per*
son. Box 1034, CalL
GOOD proposition for business woman; one
who can do hairdressing preferred. Box
1384. Call.
WANTED— Experienced salesladies In the
fancy goods department. 8TRAUS3 _
FROHMAN. 107-109 Post st
ERRAND girl wanted for embroidery estab-
lishment. Call Monday morning, room 633,
Starr King building. 121 Geary e_
WANTED — German cr Swedish _1ri for gen-
eral housework and cooking. 634 Capp at.
Call morning.
LADIES for steady home employment; $3 and
• $12 weekly. Emma Spreckels bldar.. C27 Mar-
ket st.. rodra BIS.
WANTED young woman for general house-
work In family of adults. Call at 1423 Saa
Bruno ave.
WANTED — A young lady t» anslst In house-
work. MISS MARY RUSSELL, 740 How-
ard st
YOUNG lady who Is an experienced dry goods
wrapper wanted. Apply bet. 9 and 11 a. m.
at HALE BROS*.
WANTED — Young lady who Is an experienced
dry goods cashier. Apply bet. 9 and 11 a. m.
at HALE BROS*.
EXPERIENCED saleswomen wanted. Apply-
bet. 9 and 11 a. m. at HAL- BROS'.
WANTED — Young woman for general house-
work. 3453 Sixteenth st
GIRL for general housework. Apply at 842T
Sixteenth st.
WANTED — A dressmaker. 1816 Mason st.
WANTED — A young girl to take care of •
baby. Apply 748% Minna st.
HOUSEKEEPER wanted at S151 Twenty-third
st. at S a. m.
GIRL to mind baby. 1817 McAllister st
"ANTED — Energetic ladles. $S a day. Address)
one week, box 1441. Can office.
WANTED— A cook. At 897 Castro st.
AN all around talloress wanted; call Monday.
685 Bush st
WOMAN to help tn housework. 91 Nlnt_
street.
WANTED — A young girl to do light house-
work. 1204 Folsom, st
VEST finisher wanted. 49 McAllister it_,
rocm 17.
GIRL wanted. 47 Bernal ave.
APPRENTICE girl to learn dressmaklns;. 606
Leavenworth st
WANTED — Expert stenographer. Box 12O0L
- Call office. . ' .
WANTED— A girl to take care of child at 2M
. Ninth »t
GIRL for general hoosawork; must be goosl
cook; family of 8. 1132 Fell st
GIRL wanted for light housework; good wags*.
730 Folsom st.
A NEAT., reliable girl for general housework;
good home, good wage— 463 Fourteenth st.
A WOMAN to do light washing" Apply S2S
Jessie st
GOOD woman for washing. Ironing or house-
cleaning. Call or write 860 Capp st.
GIRL for housework: no cooking or washing)
keep house; wages $12. 1870 Sutter st
WANTED — A housekeeper for small famllyt
good home. Apply to-day. 1815 Baker st.
WANTED — Girl • for general housework. 1429
Ninth st, Oakland.
BOOKKEEPER who understands hardware a_4
metal trade. Box 1330. CaU.
NEW Encland woman for general housework:
2 In family; $20. 371 Minna st
WANTED — Protestant woman; general house-
work. 1133 Balmy it. nr. Twenty-fifth.
PIANIST to-day. 212 Hearst building.
YOUNG girl to take care of child. 331 Eddy.
GIRL for kitchen and second work. 2344
Sutter st.
YOUNG lady stenographer and assistant book-
keeper. Address box 1C02. Call office.
TUCKERS on ladles' waUts and children's
wear. 656 Mission st. 3d floor.
OPERATORS on ladles' waists.* <J5« Mlssto-
st. 3d floor.
OPERATORS en ladles' underwear. 638 Ml»-
slon st, 3d floor..
OPERATORS on ladles' wash oversklrts. 63«
Mission st. 3d floor.
GIRL to strip tobacco. 42 Market st Cigar
factory. •
WANT—Ij — Young lady cashier. 11 3d st
MACHINE operators on men's shoe uppers. W.
S. _ L. Co.. 19t!» and Bryant ave.
WANED— An apprentice for dressmaker. 837
Ellis st
AMERICAN rlrl. reneral housework; two la
family; $20. 371 Minna st -.-•
A WOMAN wants to do housework, oleaaiag.
Call BOS Second st. -— w— .SZ^r 1 -.7a:ctK33— rrRIAXE— CcatLanefl.
}\ AVTr:ij-~a««od r-roofrradcr: Etnte exp^rimco, j
\':r.;> Hex l_m Call oilier.
.T'TNG C.rJ to do hou-w-crk. Call 1211 S'ev-
"'VJ^il.^rL, 10 *** lst ls » housework: small
f.-.rr..l? . sleep at home. 71. Leavenworth st
SgTAURAN-T waitress Lg ocd pay. «=1 Clay.
______!CEtP WAHTED— MAZ.E.
vhe R ivo v S??v?r^ G^ TE^ *e*t :
~ NC **T vL > ADV. COMPANY.
€l_-tl3 Grant iildg.,
• t_ *■**"*-— and Market. South 104.
e-S ll 522. C * tlla furnUhia * S»oc~ sales-sea. $15
gaie&man In Juvenile dept., big star*, $30.
An Al porter, night work: bonds.
A practical watchmaker, bench hand. KS.
a4*__* CtiClU ClOCk r **- J ~ r - Pe-m-re™. «U
Good sto_* setter; Al mas only
a^^rtt-erfflnT 1^^^* 011^^ I"**
: An e-^eriecced chocolate dipper: good -»»-.
AAA— PERRY'S MERCANTILE BCREAC
»06 Market *t.. room S25. 5 th floor.
• Office i.o>e_ o_t Sucflaj"
Booklreeper-s aar-.s—ct $15 » S23 week
Stenographer $15 week
Jaaager department store $25 we*k
• Bill ex_5 entry clerk ...$15 week
3^* c-** $12 week
pecker $lTweek
Tiaa*kee7«er $35 week
Accountant $15 t» $25 week
Ctxiectc- .....-..--... ........415 w«ek
"Floor c_u__rer flS week
Two _S_js>ir.r clerks ......SIS w«ek
Oeneral c_5c* work .......... .115 week
Clerk, cfar or co_=_-r $14 week
Young m_n. learn destlstr— .... Sio week
&9d i-i.T3— t »!.. mom -23, __th flooc
AT THE NATSCCfAL E_CPLOY__5P gT>y>ff7>
CO.
Al -t'rifr. put. $50 ■*"* nrfiTi
Slsgie hand c-tcers, $90.
Grocery clerk, city, $S_w
Shipper axd mcker. must b* experienced
with legal papers, good par.
Bu— cr. ladies' neckwear, etc- d-V
Your^ au for stere. ?_S^
Vour.g man to collect ana fleS-er, tX7 Mi
OCfice opes t:>-_ay from • a. xa. ol o,
' Rocsa »-10, _1 Tt_nS ru
AA— GEOIiGE DA\1S & CO.,
Rr_;_^-=.e_i Aff«scy. 17S0 S^»-«^~^f st, r. ft.
CT»i— r»cse eaies_-aru (SO.
C3ot_;_=jr a_Irs__an, $25 weeJc
Tl'iae ealesmas. family trade, $3a.
lewc^-y salesiaan, $100.
Palesrsarv. f2 day.
. Experie-jr>«H5 hamesyrsakers. good salarT-
O»ea SxeSst froea 9 till 12.
ANDKES office. 311 Stockton— C_ke raker;
• r_2 a week; ice creamer; good wapee; family
rook. fSO; waiter. f36; porter, institution,
v CK>. az_l ctbers. (
OO\ LICCUENT positions; more ttan 30,000 ap.
■ r^i2t~ents last year: chances better than
ever; tfcc_s«_ids we fc_re prepared have beea
appointed; write fur free drcalar 3-1. giving
. .Mft cf positions, salaries, examinations,
pa.tr.;Ie cuertlcns, etc. to National Ccr-
r«s;^nfi-ace Institute, Pacific Ccast office, S27
Market ft-. £an I : Yaz;cisco, Cal.
£\L''L' 1'J V'E. clerical, techr.ical an 3 salesman
pofiuons. p_.>-ing f:00G-$5000, now open for
ccrar*test ir«!; -rrite for booklet and state
. pc-Sticn desired: 12 offices ocveri_g the entire
i-cuntrj-. HAPGOOD'S. Brain Brokera, 917
Chemical blig., _t- Louis.
"WANTET> — In wholesale honse a strong boy.
' »bo_t 14 year* old. for office work and »r»
'' -~ 1 rrff?: wages to ect-Taenrie ?3 50 per week;
trcod urT^rtunlty for eilvaDcement; applicant
wni aiiress In fci* own handwriting. Box
1392. C_ll office.
WANTED — Your? men with ■excellence' in
i-jniirf— b'j^'ness to takrNrharge of small rai_-
ber yard er.>l trra n warehouse in San Joaquln
Vtlicv. Address C W.. box 1S03. Call, giv-
■' ing mat* of former employers, etc. 1
AN exyieritno*^ gardener, who th-roughly m-
• dTTtands the prop&gat-og of plaats, oma-
rr./r.tal bed.i-f. grn:i_to_!<e, fruit and vego-
'tat!t£. wishes situation; refa. Bex 15^9. Call.
• feALJCSJIAN for wagon ' or e__aple case: $_»
per we«k; isuft furr!5h cash bonds. Office
■ cf KELLER CANDY CO.. 477 Seventh St..
'.Oakland. Arplj- Funday.
..WANTED — Men and ■-.-omen to learn bow to
c_l_!v__e personal magnet Ugh by mail. Send
' ZX'iT rase arA address to H. W. HTLKER.
• O Cnilow ave.. ?an Francisco.
TOVNG rcer. everj-where, copy ktten hexce
, eveniTics; f3 5t week; send addressed envel-
• «pe for particulars. Masaser dept. S12. box
1413. PhiladeJphia, Pa.
POT. 16 years: must be of good appearance
and furnish reference-. 8- N. WOOD &
CO.. 7*0 Market st.
.MEN t- tack signs, distribute clreulars ,
rarcples. etc: r*rmsEei-t: good pay. AMER-
ICAN UNION. Pcntiac buUdlsg, Chicago.
WANTED — Boj-. 14 years of ag-. and living
■wjth parents: good position: call Monday,
*:3<j a. &. 407 Call building.
YOUNCJ man Is an experlenoed dry goods
wrapper -wanted. Apply between 9 and 11
a. in. at HALE EROS.'
"MAN* with some capital to travel and lecture.
*rp'y room 104, V97 Market st., Sunday and
Monday.
■'.VANTEIJ — Young man who under— tands crat-
ing toys. Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at
HALE EROS.'
PICT 'UUE fitter want-d; must be flrst-daas-
Apply VICKERY. ATKINS 4 TORREJY. 1-
Stockton place. •*.-•.>
• CIRTtrLARP. sample distributers wanted: no
' casv. ; good pay. Co-operative Adv. Cb., N. Y.
FOR sale — Two-ch_lr barber shop; 4 living
rorras. Apply 2433 Mission st.
"ANTED — Good waiter; German. 21S4 FW-
.' ■ tors tt.
BOT wanted. Coal yard. Putter, and Laguna
. ■ streets. -. ",'.-.';.'. ■
WANTED— ds*r clerk. Box 1472, Call office.
WAN'TEI> — Energetic men, $3 per .day. Ad-
dress one week, box 1441. Call office.
WANTED — Experienced city salesman; refs.
EROWNSTONE WINE CO.. 225 Taylor st.
F7P.SrT-OLA.SS traveling sal«-man t* sell gro-
cery trade. Box 1C17, CalL"
WANTED— Jar^n*s« Janitor. App'.y Progres-
sive Club. 202 Harrison ct.
-TTFiciAN to join brass band. 323 Bush st,,
third floor, room 4.
CHAN~C for two young men to learn the
barher trade free. 751 Mission st. . *
WANTED — Strong young man to carry route
• on thU paper. Apply ronu 20.
BOY wasted at 141 First St.. upstairs.
WANTED— Man to take general care plant;
run boiler, engine, etc.; refs. Box 10S6, Call.
BOVS wazt-0- CAHN. NICKELSBURG &
<X>.. 117 Hayes St. . • ■ -
TAILORS— Coatmaker wanted for the city.
ARNSTKIN. EIMON & CO. *
WANTED— Bey from 15 to 18 years: call Mon-
day. Columbia Cloak Store. 1022 Market st.
BAKER' B helper wanted at 1552 Church St..
corwr Duncan.
VOVNG rrfan with sorce cash for good busl-
nfrts; mill make $300 mo. Box 1633. Call.
WANTED— Buyer for 3-chalr chop; 4 11 vine
rooms: bargain. 426 Tehama _t.
EXPERIENCED Jewelry salesman wanted. Ap»
ply between U and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
REAM EN for Australia and Europe. At HER-
MAN'S PLACE. 27 Steuart st.
BOTS to do polishing, bedgea. etc. J. C. IR-
VINE & CO.. 7_1 Market st.
DRAUGHTSMAN wanted for gas engine simo.
• :t •--::. r company; competent of doing »c-
rurate work; need not be capable of design-
• Scg; _ive references; good position for right
party. Address 3 D. box 12CS. Call.
WANTED — Men and women to learn the bar-
ber trade, under first-class lnr».ructor; only 6
weeks required at GILLETT8 SCHOOL, 611
Commercial st.
WANTED — Foreman In beveling shop; one
' who tintfrrrtasd* chipping, eand blasting and
•Ilverinr thoroughly. Apply box 1553, Call
trfflre, Oaki-nd. .
T1ARBKR *bop In large camp, near clty;n9
opposition : fre* rent; cheap for cash; par-
tlru:«re. • I'*i0 Powell. '-, ..,
WANTED — Everywhere, hustlers to tack slims,
■fistri-trte oircul«r». taniplw, etc: no canv.;
► •>.-.: r-vv. Sun Adv. U-rrau, Chicago. '
i?OUCITORS wanted: a fine proposition: llber-
aJ ccmmleeicn. 121 Geary ft., ' room 320. ."
FOUR yoong men for rruise - to South * Seas.
At HERMAN'S. 26 Eteuart «t, '
I TO-DAY— SUNDAY. j
& TO 12 NOON. ■ !
! A-UlJUUr & HEADY. B34-C3G CLAY ST.
Pfaone Main 0S4S.
Lr-adinx Employment and Labor Agents. '
!" HXK we hope to
oo.oov men work in 1JKC. Increase «0,0iW
\ n COAL MINERS.
OREGON FREE FARE OREGON
FREE FARE OREGON. FREE FAUK
j? ; " .': 20 25
<^oal miners for a good mine in State of Ore-
Kon; by contract, yard and ton; big wages
can toe mads on this Job; lnqulr* about It.
COAL MINES. OREGON. COAL MINES
FREE FARE. FREE FARE
Cock and wif ermine. SO men. Nevada. $50
found.
MISCELLANEOUS.
SAILMAKERS.
. 4 rallmakers or sailors used to repairing
sails, $2 50 to $4 day.
11 farmiu_nds. 4 milkers. 5 choremen. boya.
COOKS AND WAITERS.
Porters, kitchen hands and dishwashers.
MURRAY 4t READY. 634-636 Clay at
DRUG C"T-Ftt~
Registered drug clerk, city store, $C5.
James Kinsley, stc-emason, please report
Sewinx machine operators for sewing sails.
?2 50 day. v;
• *Vr>erhjinjter. long ioh. country. $3 day.
/TLOUR PACKER.
Flour pecker, steady Job, flour mill, $2 50
day.
loung butcher, run order wagon, $30 found.
Assistant butcher, country shop, $25 found.
Bellboy, city hotel. $10 and found.
MURRAY *. READY. 634-638 day st
PLASTERER.
Plasterer, country Job, $5 day.
Milker and wife. Portuguese, near city. $«0.
< red found, easy jab.
Hurry washer, city Job $70.
MURRAY &. READY. U34-6SS day St.
AT HORD & SMTnrsT"- ~
I CaBtractcn* Agents. . 95 Third st
BartendeT. $25 and foand. near city.
' Corral man for ca__9. $35 and foand. Bay
SJscre,
Dye man, exi>er!e_ic*d, $15 to $20.
Solicitor for tea. and co.Tee, big lndnoemeDta.
; Amador County, teamsters. Si C
I EXPERnrrCCED shift boss for C1nrj»bax mine,
h $3 da]*: man for milk depot $S0 and room.
call early Monday morning; French cook.
country, $65 and found, and others. J. F.
CROSETT i. CO- 62S Sa~ amento st A
WANTED — Men t» prepare for railway mall,
internal revenue and custom-house positions;
free catalogue. Pacific Correspondence Insti-
tate. Grant bldg., 10P5 Market; open evgs.
HIGH GRADE POSITIONS OPEN.
If you are a competent man. unemployed ■
cr dissatisfied with yoor position, we can '
place you. Investigate our plan of securing ■
positions in clerical, technical and mercantile ■
Uses, peytng from $1000 to $5000 year. In- ,
_rrt~i strictly confidential- Offices and
representatives In many cities. Commercial !
Clearance Company, suite 415-16 Starr King
_Wdg., 117 Geary gt
MEN — The onry original Meier Barber College
teaches barber trade In 8 weeks; wages
earned while learning.
New quarters and aew appliance-.
Call or write for illustrated catalogue.
-Icier Barber College. 649 Sacramento st
'; X-Uely rotted from Clay st
i GOOD salary and expenses paid to an entr-
getlc man, ambitious and willing to work;
i responsible position; good references and
security required; splendid chance for the
right man. Address P. O. box 271. Sacra-
mento. Cal.
i _____________________^____-________
: WANTED — By a large scap manufacturer. 3
fanner's sons In each State, with rigs, to
call on the country merchants; salary $100 a
month and expense- ana contract for one
j year. BcSalo Chemical Co., Buffalo. N\ Y.
| A PLEASANT raced, fine appearing registered
physician and surgeon; must b* quite gray,
but active: positively no other; no traveling:
salary $200 or more when well started. Call
: at 25 Third st
j WANTED — A steady man to travel and . col-
lect; salary and expenses; small cash se-
curity and referescea. Address Manager, P.
0 box 271.. Sacramento, Cal.
■ BARBERS — One of the best-paying shops, with
baths. In good coast town, at a bargain: call
aad let us explain. DECKELMAN BROS..
i j Ellis st , •
,| BARBERS — 3-r-halr shop for sale; rent light
aztd water ifcct and cold). $16 50; income
$200 mouth; price $350. MULLER & W*T.T^
92S Second st. Sacra-oeoto.
. WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
; '■ that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, has
added 1C0 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third at.; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night
' j TRY our men's shoes, union made; $1 and $1 54
pair: foot-form shoea, $2 BO; w» pay express
chanres. 11 3d et.. F?xa~ ■ bid.; open till 9 p-m.
' WANTED — Men to fill 350 rooms at 20c per
; -night; clothes closets, hair mattresses, elec-
tric light In every room. 6S1 Howard, nr. 3d.
. GET year shoes half -soled while waiting; 25o
! to 60c. S71 Mission st. bet 1st and 2d sts..
cr 11 Third st. Examiner building.
| WANTED — A man of means and ability to
handle first-class patent medicine. Apply
469 Hayes st
: MEN to learn the detective business; paid
while learning. 997 Market st. room 104.
' BARBER shop for sale, cheap, on account of
sjctoe-a. 172S Howard st
, 4-CHAIR barber shop for sale cheap; owner
; going East 21 S Montgomery ave.
! MEN. leam the barber trade; tuition free to
lucky one. 741 Howard st ' ...
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st^
MEN wanted at 137 3d st. where shoes are re-
paired by machinery ; sewed soles 10 mln.. 75c.
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT. 617 Jackson st
! LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 328 Montgy.. r.413.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullls. r. 40. Phelan bid.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
I WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st. near Mar-
; ket— 700 rooms: 35c night; reading rooms;
! free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
j ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
! Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
ALL wlxt» men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. S71 Mission st. bet 1st and 2d sts.
SAIiESKCE" WAirr_3K
WANTED— An energetic salesman, command-
■ - tsg good trade, to sell our lines on a com-
mission basis In all or part of the following
territory: Nerthem California, Southern
California. Oregon and Washington. We ;
manufacture medium and better grades of
bedroom suites, sideboards, hallracks, book-
cases and combination cases. Apply . with
references. National Furniture Company, Al-
lan ta, Ga.
WANTED — Experienced dry goods salesmen to
sell our buttons on the road as side line In
California, Washington. Mcntana, Oregon
and adjacent States; easily carried; sell
quickly: spring line ready; liberal comroJe-
•lon: the only exclusive button house in the
West: give full particulars and references.
CHAS. RUBENS & CO., 267-263 Franklin
*t., Chicago. - - •" j
SALESMEN wanted everywhere to handle
. "NVrelty Sign Cards"; every merchant buy- !
from 10 to 100 en Eight; 800 varieties; cata-
logue free. SULLIVAN CO., 1139 Maplewood
_ ave., Chicago. IlL
WHY not travel with pocket sample only and
make $200 to $400 weekly selling staple ar-
ticle requiring no experience? E. L. BROWN,
512 Roe building. St Louis. Mo. , ~
SALESMEN (traveling) to place Ideal side line,
standard article, to general stores: sample j
email: commission big. 'Monopoly,' box II, ,
' Station D. New York City.
WANTED — By established hocse, traveling |
salesman for California; good pay; permanent
. to right man. Drawer "S." Chicago.
HOBsrs AirD jy-^ 00 ? 15 '
FOR sale — Six well matched young gentle work
horses from 1400 to 1600 pounds. 1443 Harri-
son st., between Tenth and Eleventh.
SPONGES for vehicle waehlng. harness clean-
ing- lowest prices. G. ADDERLEY. 307
Market st. San Francisco.
TWO-HORSE express wagon, one brood mare,
1 two-seated business buggy, 1 buggy har-
nets. PHILBRICK. 449 H Guerrero st.
THE quarterly bulletin of S. F. Veterinary Col. 1
l«ge now ready: mailed free upon application !
to DR. E.' J- CREELY. Prea/. 510 Golden Gate i
2 GOOD teams, suitable for del I very wagons ;
also fi all-purpose horsee. Five-Mile House,
37 Croke gt.. Mission road.
CHEAP" one single and one double pendle top
- wagon and 5. business wagons. 1503 Folsom.
NICE big young black . horse: rider, driver;
. $130. VICTOR, 1523 Howard st
! FINE business buggy, light buggy, phaeton.
• panel top delivery .wagon cheap. 523 Fulton.
WANTED— Shetland pony. Box 1836, Call.
cpONGES and chamois a specialty. Address
S-IANLEY ADDERLY. 307 Market St.. S. F.
FOR sale— $20: small, sound horse; goes double
or single. 1045 Sanchez, nr. ; Twenty-fourth.
S"0— GOOD horse: email horse' cheap; cart,
buggy, harness; must sell. 2728 Bryant st
GOOD buggy for sale. 1533 J st. . ,
$75— MARE ~~ years, light" wagon or buggy.
• : 636 - Fulum a*. " '?•
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY.^ DECEMBER 4, 1904.'
HOUSES AITD WAQO-TS — Continued. |
irr " ■ ' "" i
TWO carlcads broke horses, weighing from !
1000 to lCoo pounds, at Western Horse Mar- I
ket. E. STEWART & CO., 220 Valencia. .
BLACK msre. C years, 1100 pounds, for sale I
cheap. 61<J Mlssicn st. - |
WANTED — Business buygj-; state condition
and price, liox 1005. Call office.
BLACK horse, 6 years eld, for sale. Box 1693,
Call office.
FOR sule^ — Phaetcn and harness. Box 4509,
Call office. '
BREWSTER landau Berlin coach; good order;
cheap. LJNDAUER'S, S41 Folsom st
FOR sale — 10 cerond-hand express wagens, on*
. 6lngle truck. 233 Beale st
AUCTION rale of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. 327 Sixth st *
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har.
peas, work & driving horses. 1 Bth- Valencia.
"_JV HOUSES TO JiET.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; eend for dr-
cnlar. G. H. UMBSEN -r CO.. 20 Montgomery
£112 STEINER, between California and Bao-
r-mento, 6 rooms; attic, 2 rooms; basement
with heater, store room, etc. : sun In every
room. Apply MADISON & BURKE.
ELEGANT detached residence, 1316 Green st;
marine view, garden; cheap; 11 rooms. Ap-
ply 732 Mills building.
UNFURNISHED or partly furnished home;
Presidio Heights; 8 rooms and bath. Box
737. Call office.
HOUSE of 11 rooms and bath; newly painted.
2023 Pise at . . {
$15— HOUSE with 6 rooms, closets and cellar.
1311 York st. between 25th and 26th.
$70— ELEGANT residence. 425 Baker, oorner
Grove-, 10 rooms, bath, basement heater.
HOUSES TO I-GT— -_^C r BJ~-3-_-IP.
PACIFIC ave.. *1905 — Handsomely tarnished |
houra. S room-, piano, furnace; everything
complete; marine view; neighborhood unsur-
passed; rent reasonable.
FURNISHED flat 6 rooms and b*__; pleasant,
comfortable, reasonable. 2428 Dwight —ay,
Berkeley.
$40— VALENCIA, 1232— House of T rooms and
bsth: auitable for 1 or 2 families; warm belt
HOUSES -nTBITIS— -_!>-— FOB SAX. E.
I MCALLISTER, flO56— $300 will buy a nicely
i furnlehed house of 8 rooms; very complete
I and sunny; rent $30; leaving city causo of
rale; 3 or 4 rooms rented to steady party
[ If desired.
FOR SALE— Partly furnishad modern house.
7 rooms 2 baths. Inquire between 10 and 3
on Sunday or before 11 a. m. during week,
1497 Masonio ave. J
FURNITURE and carpets, 5 rooms. 341 Eighth
ave.. Richmond District; cottage for rent.
Apply 9 to 12 and after 6 p. m.
McA_LLSTER, 943— Furniture 5 rooms, $225,
in 7-room house. Cull after Sunday. •;->
SIXTH, 506 — 5 rooms complete for housekeep-
lns; cheap.- .
C , IXOTJS-g WA-TT-P. )
RESPONSIBLE couple would like care of home
for rent Box 14S9. Call office. •
COmOESTOLET.
COTTAGE of 5 large rooms; large yard; all
modern Improvements; rent $13. Inquire
cor. Twenty-fifth and Florida sts.
$C50 — COTTAGE; to save rent can keep chick-
ens, eta. 172 Blake st, near Geary-st ears.
West _
COTTAGE: 6 rooms; large baeement; large
yard. 1915 Filbert gt.
COTTAGE: — Four rcms and bath. 14C Duncan :
st; $12. , J
FILBERT. 1225 — Cottage of 7 rooms, bath;
large garden; rent $22.
$16 — 5- ROOM cottage on Cottage row, nr. Web.
ster, bet. Sutter and Bush. Inquire No. 7.
COTTAGES WA3TT-P.
WANTED — Cottage. S rooms; Mission; close In.
Box 1476. Call office. ,,; ' ,'
' ; hot-xs. '.'_'~'"'~"'- Jr
HOTEL BALTIMORE. 10JJ5 Van Nes» ave.—
This first-class hotel, now being- conducted en I
American plan, especially for families for the
season or year. Location is unsurpassed. The
equipments are all modern.- with every con- i
venlence. The rooms are large, sunny and I
comfortable; superb view; furnishings are all
elegant Cuisine highest order. H. C. SHAN- j
NON, manager, formerly of Hotel Langham. I
N. Y., and Moana Hotel, Honolulu.
USTVESTME-TTS. j
RAK2 bargain; American Marconi Wireless '
stock at $3 V>0 per share; transfer and quick
delivery guaranteed; can supply any unlisted
stock at bargain price; write me your wants.
E. COWPKR-THWAITB, Stockton, Cal.
arsTAX-_ME-~c Broffno^
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.
Installment homes, 512 Callaghan building,
will build on your property or buy you a lot;
$S a month pays principal and interest on
each $1000 of balance due, making your In-
stallments less than rent: send for circular.
I.OST AITD rOUKP.
LOST— Wedding ring at Herrick's Fish Store,
2513 Mission St.: engraved Inside, "From L.
to F.. Oct.. 1903"; finder return to above
address and receive reward.
LOST — Gold dollar stickpin. Return to SSI
Bhotwell st; reward.
: i
LOST — A black shepherd dog. Return to 13 I
Federal fit; reward. •
FOUND — A young greyhound. Apply at 1512
Bush st |
LOST — A female cocker spaniel pup from 2316
Jones bt. Please return to same address and j
receive reward.
FOUND — On Market and Tenth its., receipt I
book of the W. O. W. Call at LEWIS',
Jeweler. IK) Ninth st
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San - Francisco in the j
name of SUSAN E. GALLICK. No. 284-062.
The finder will please return to bank. ,
LOST — White bulldog; one black ear; answers ;
to name of "Happy. 1 Return to 1103 Wash- !
1 net on st, Oakland; liberal reward. '
LOST— A passbook with the Mutual Savings !
Bank of San Francisco, No. 176CS; the finder
v.'itl slease return to bank.
MEDICAL.
LADIES who are In trouble or suffering from !
any ailment peculiar to their sex can find
! - immediate relief by consulting Dr. White, '
the only graduate physician in San Fran-!
Cisco who has devoted a lifetime to helping ;
-women: 17 years' experience without a fail-
ure has put him at the head. He guaran-
tees relief or no Day.
DR. WHITE. 702 Market St.. rooms 7 and 8.
DRS. GOODWIN has returned • from Europe;
es^ab. 1884 In S. F. ; 26 years' experience:
female complaints only; Drs. Goodwin Is well '
known to enjoy the Implicit confidence of j
1 ladles suffering from Irregularities or other '
I conditions; relief assured or no charge; avoid
< delay; fee low; hours 2 to * and 6:3<) to 8:30 ,
: p. to. S50 Market st. second floor, room 37. j
LADIES — Possibly I'm not the' cheapest nor'
yet the oldest specialist here, but I AM a
. RELIABLE graduate physician. When In .
,, trouble confide in me. Irregularities relieved;
the unfortunate helped ; I promise best at-
tentlon and no danger; I guarantee prompt
results cr no charge. Room 1. Est. 14 years.
DR. E. O. WEST, office 305 Kearny st
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
. male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
i .. lief guaranteed. 10QS% Market st., opp. 8th.
I MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and Irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 944 Post st
VALPEAU'S remale pills; best regulating pills
sold; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's .syr-
inge and tablets; price $5. -By express only
' en receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTHERS,
whole-ale druggists. Seventh and Broadway,
Oakland. ■
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints: positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate ' helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office, 1018 Market st i
CANCERS, floating kidney rectal, - spinal dls-
eases cured painlessly. MRS. ADA, 1024 Mis-
sion st '■•'"• . i ' .
TALBOT BARNARD, Australian Nerve Spec-
lallst. has arrived; limited' number patients
treated home; consultation free. 3221 21st st
LADIES suffering from Irregularities, sick or
In trouble, consult Dr. Sylvester, 219 Kearny
st; relief guaranteed; .no drugs, no operation-.
MRS. DR. GWYER. B11A Leavenworth st, be-
tween Geary and O'Farrell. ■ Tel. East JI97.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
'Original method 'of: treatment" 1126 Market
LADIES — Kumround; safe,' sure, never falls;
. $2. ' Gleason-Ruggles Drug Co., Kearny & Clay.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2995 Folsom it, corner
36th; ladles, relief cr. no fee: $10.
Bush st
LAUNCHES FOB KIBE.
C. A. McXEILL LAUNCH CO.,' foot of Clay .
St.; for pleasure and business ;• tel. Bush 534. j
MATIUMOKIAL.
LADY with a good disposition, good -house-
keeper, would likj to correspond with a gen-
tleman with some means; ooject matrimony.
- Box -1498; Call office. - -
WIDOWER (no incumbrancea), has a s position
at a good salary, would like to meet young
lady, good housekeeper; object matrimony.
Box 1299. Call office. .
YOUNG man, well educated and.. stylish, very
fond of amusement, wishes to get acquainted
with young lady; object matrimony. Box
4008. Call office. .
A YOUNG lady (widow), has a home in the
city . and some means, wishes to correspond
with gentleman; object- matrimony. Box
1006, Call office. '
A REFINED young lady would like to cor-
respond with an honorable gentleman; object
matrimony; no agents. Box 1676, Call office.
A GENTLEMAN, age 40, wishes' to meet a
lady about name age; object matrimony. Box
4103. Call office. ■ ■ ■
WISH to meet respectable Jewish lady; object
matrimony; state information. Box 1543,
Call office..
GENTLEMAN correspondent wanted by refined
lady;, object matrimony. Box 1271, " CalL
MtATTBESSES AND PH.1OWB.
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard st. : phone South 216.
* _DXLnr_BY.
MODERN millinery taught. $1 per week; posl -
tlons secured. 17 P\k st.
SUSCELI-AHXO-S— FOE 8A-.2.
CUPOLA blower, Sturtevant $50
Exhaust fans, with engines, each $80
60 In. by 16 ft. return tubular, all complete.
40 ft. stack, bars, etc., new fittings, etc$400
42 in. by 14 ft. return tubular boiler, all com-
plete, fittiags, stack, eta. etc ....$175
3',j-ln. centrifugal pump. 4 h. p. gasoline
engine, batteries, hose, pipe, etc $175
8 h. p. boiler and engine, Al shape, and*
centrlfugal pump, Al order $140
2-in. centrifugal pumps, new $20
2 "a -In. centrifugal pumps, naw $25
•600-light generator. . complete $350
60 h. p. Atlas automatic engine $300
5-ton capacity ice machine $275
3x2x3 Worthington steam pump ...$20
Sand blast air pump; good $30
2% h. p. Wcstlnghouse motor $45
5 h. p. general electric motor, 220 $100
1 'el ten water wheels,, all sizes; tanks, oil,
air or water; pipe that stands the racket.
H. 6. WHITE MACHINERY CO.. "Legitl-
C mate," all over Beale St., S. F., CaL .
"Beware of agents I haven't got,"
2D-HAND machinery^' engine, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale St.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Have you a leaky tin. shingle, felt or Iron
roof? Cover It with Mastic Roofing. It is best
for old and new roofs, and for valleys, gutters,
decks, balconies, etc. Mastic Roof Paint and
Roofing Cement will stop small leaks. Write
us about It- Elaterite Roofing Co., 713 Market.
FOR sale — Full stock of hunting dogs, broken
end unbroken; setters and spaniels. St. Ber-
nard, collies, cockers, dachshund, skye, bull
and bull terriers; shipped to all parts C. O.
D. at half rates. College Kennels. 115 Halght
st ; phone Park 442. Dogs boarded.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. MoIN-
" TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
AN elegant assortment of diamonds, jewelry
and sealskins for sale on small weekly pay-
ments; goods delivered on first payment
UNITED TRUST CO., 21 Stockton at.
LADY'S black broadcloth suit, handsomely*
braid trimmed; never been worn; size 34;
will sell at a sacrifice. Call 607 Buchanan st
BURNETT'S Improved paint best preservative;
manufactured for all kinds of buildings,-
wood or metal ; underground or water and
above. Address or call 306 Parrott bldg.
COCKER spaniel pupplea; pedigreed; black,
red and parti-colors. - F&rnsville Kennels,
cor, Redwood and old' county roads. Fruit-
vale.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
. glnes, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
■*- etc WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
A— THE (P. J. Co.) California virgin gold
weddlog rings for sale by. the PORTLAND
, JEWELRY CO.. 25 Stockton at - ;
FURS — Drummer will close out wholesale sam-
. pie line; you save. 50 to 100 per cent; after-
noons. -■ 608 Market St., room 50, Flood bldg.
A NEW top on oil etove, 25c up; try our high
top*; intense heat; all kinds tin work made
and repaired. D. S. WEAVER, 808 Gough st.
GOLDEN field cocker dog pup with pedigree;
hunting strain; three months old; price $20.
. 1003. Call building.
$110 ERMINE stole; never worn, $65. DR.
HUMPHREY, dentist, New Demokrat build-
lng, 51 Third St. -.
A NEW Cadillac auto for sale; big reduction;
entirely equipped with . extras. Box 1768,
Call office
FOR sale^ — 10-horsenower gasoline engine; In
perfect order; reasonable price. Inquire 549
Sycamore St.. Oakland.
REPUTABLE place to rent gents' full dress,
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits. J. COOPER.
21 Stockton st. (formerly at Palace Hotel.)
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form ' shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
DIAMONDS and | Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'S, 137 Mont-
gomery st. room 12, upstairs.
FOR sale — Drophead Singer re wing machine:
slightly used; cheap for cash: must be sold
at once. 1204 Market st.. Oakland.
TWO gentle ponies; broke to ride and drive;
price $50 each. Apply 1020 Oak st, Oakland ;
phone John 2101. .. . ,-■ :
DOMESTIC sewing machine; new style;
drophead: oak; cheap. 1915 Mission st nr.
Fifteenth.
FOR sale — Fine fresh Jersey cow; rich milk.
1 Holaway st, opposite Ingleslde coursing
park.
FOR sale — Gentleman's new solid gold vest
chain and very fine quartz locket Box 1564
Call office.
NEW gasoline and j steam engines for autos
6 launches; % cost. 2120 Eagle ave.,AIameda.
FOR i«ale^ — Home-made toys; large rocking
horses for $3; a few left C75 Harrison st
EXTRA doors, a pair front, 1 folding and extra
ones; In good order. 131 Buchanan st.
FOR SALE — Private collection of curios. - 114
Prospect place, off California st.
FOR ropes or cinches, R4OJ4 Jackson - st.
FOR sale— Thoroughbred fox terrier puppies at
reasonable prices. 1915 Eddy - st
LARGE Durham cow ; will calf soon; when
fresh milks. 6 cals. 272S Bryant st'
°SJF., S !w U Wyandotte oockrel thoroughbred.
1907 Tenth ave.. Sunset.
THOROUGHBRED Irish setter . pups 1114
Vermont st. city. • , v -"
S 1^— Accordions: 8-row Miller piano. S-row
Galleazzi. . 129 Montgomery ave.
A GO-CART for sale; like new; cheap. 509
Turk st. • ~
ANGORA kittens; 9 weeks; full pedigree- ap-
propriate Xmas present; for sale. 3484 Clay.
A FINE large diamond and emerald cluster
ring; a big bargain; $350. Heathal, 10 6th st
WILLOW ave 8. off Larkln. near Eddy— Of-
fice desk;. roller top; $15.
FOR sale — A cow. 2725 Howard st>
NEWFOUNDLAND dog for sale. 20 Perrv
street. . • /
SOME fine young hen - pigeons, old enough to
breed, at 474 Edwarda st. -Oakland.^
THOROUGHBRED Irish water epanlel for
sale: cheap. ie25 Union st. Oakland. •
A LOT of fine young, pullets for sale. Address
0495 Telegraph ave.. Oakland. *a_ress
WHITE Leghorn pullets; high-class pigeons
.Glenmore Pigeon . Lofts. Elmhurst, Cal?
FANCY pigeons, runts, homers, ~\ hen pigeons
C. WUson. 229 Stevenson: stamp tor catalog."
FINE stereopticon and * phonograph ; . a snap
_;. 109.Mont_omery at. T . ., : '
MINIATURE railroad; dirt cheap. lOO.Mont-
.. . gomery? St.; „
A PETALUM A Incubator for sale, $*• holds
,... W. eggs. ■-, lS37 t Union st : : ; ! .
ONE paircanary birds; good singer: cheap BOS
Howard st.:.'; ■ ■ r
FINE ; young St. jBernard , male "- dog- * cheao
.: 1256 .Twentieth ave., - Sunset ,- District \.
ELASTICr stockings,'- $2;? factory. 107 O'Var f
rell st. JOHN'. W. HOPEWELL.
Miscn.i.Aio:oTJS— ros saxe — Con.
NEW $35 gfaphophone: 14 disks; $20. 711
Webster Et
YACHT. Catherine for sale cheap. Box 14S1,
Call office. . -■
FOR eale— Fine 3-room ark. Apply at 713 Point
" Lobos ave.
ANY lady wearing size 36 suks can get bar-
gain by addressing box 1542, Call office.
LEFEVRE gun; $10. 1101 Broadway. ';*".. '■''-'.
YOUNG birds for sale; good singers. 3174
Twenty-fourth st., near Howard.
FRACTURE bed for sale. 1268 Fifth ave.,
East Oakland.
SECOND-HAND Remington typewriter. .$10.
526 Larkln ft. ► -_
FORTUNE wheels to let at WINK'S, 17 City
Hall ave.*
SHOTGUN for sale, $10; 16-gauge. 1011 Ala-
bama, st. J
ALL kinds of talking machines and records at
factory prices. LEVY'S, 415 Kearny st
ELEGANT walnut bank counter and grill;
bargain. MEEK. 909 Mission st
HIGHEST cash price paid for diamonds at
PAUL V. GARIN'S. 114 Sutter at.
STOVES disconnected and * connected;. $2 f<0;
plumbing igasfitne. 400 McAlllster;tel.Mlnt3C58.
TO WET'S furniture polish removes spots and
stains; free delivery. 370 Fell gt.
GAS engines, centrifugal pumps; highest grade;
lowest prices. Price Pump Co., 523 Market st
SAFES and cash" registers; new and secon_-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1325 Market st
2D-HAND bldg. material; lumber, door. sash,
plumb, material. The Dolan Co., 1607 Market.
FULL line of drummers' samples in grips and
trunks; for sale cheap at 25 Stockton st
AN elegant sealskin for sale for $75. SECUR-
ITY LOAN & TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton st
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 807 Mission st; tel. South 811.
MOVING pictures, mngio lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st ,
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. B. DOAK. 46 Fremont st !
ROOMS papered. $4 up: tinting, painting. '
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 Third; tel. Main 413.
BTtSCEXI-A-n-OTJ-l i WAHTa.
AAAAAA — Buys any amount good second-hand
clothing: special price for fancy ladies' and
men's clothes. 922 Folsom; tel. Folsom 3522.
AAAAA— Highest prices for ladies', gents' cast-
off clothing. Tel.Da vis 825. 650 Sacramento st
TONTINE or diamond contracts; lapsed or not;
a successful tontine co. will take up your
contracts and give you a low number and
credit new contracts with payments made on
old cnes: This will save your money and
make the profit; describe contracts fully.
Box 147S, Call office.
CAL. HOUSE WRECKING CO.. NW. cor.
Tenth and Mission sts.. pays highest price
for houses; clears ground on short notice.
DIAMONDS and precious stones bought for
cash. KARL EBER & CO.. r. 405, Adams
. bldg., 206 Kearny st.; phone Black-3086.
A YOUNG lady wishes to either rent or buy a
good harp. Address box 1558, Call office,
Oakland.
Levy & Redl«r, highest, price for gents' cast-oft
clothing, shoes; tel. Red 1544. 615 Washington
DON'T forget; we buy old gold and ellvar;
will call; send postal. M. Jacobs, 257 6th st.
COOKER Chief and Reliable gas range; cheap;
in first-class order. 1616 Polk st, near Clay.
WANTED — Cornet In good condition; reason-
able. MRS. BELL, 873 Mission, corner 5th.
WANTED — Second-hand encyclopedia. Box
, 1003, Call office. .
WANTED — Mechanic for model and tool work.
60 First St., top floor.
WANTED— Scotch oats coupon letter "T."
: Address 6430 California st. - ' _
WANTED— Desk; space for same to rent Box
1226. Call office.
] MO-fgriTO y*»^^
— MA_^ATTAN- t LOAN ::^cbMPANY (Inc.)—
ANY "AMOUNT TO LOAN........
INTEREST 5*. AND 6 PER CENT....
CITY. OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRY
PROPERTY
. Second mortgages, Ufa Insurance policies, es-
tates in probate, undivided interests in prop-
erty, probate realty loans, stocks and bonds,
legacies and undivided interests in property
■ purchased. » .
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
Suite 107-108 Crocker bldg.; phone Main 5924.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; do disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust.
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money,
See HERMAN MURPHY.
" WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
1st, 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate, ■
In city, town or country.
Low rate of interest.
Give full particulars
of property.
Location, etc.
. Box 223. Call office.
A — THE Portland Jewelry Co.. 25 Stockton st,
loans money on diamonds, valuables, etc., at
2 per 'cent per month; fire and burglar-proof
•afe; deposit vault on premises, for free use
of customers.
SALARY LOANS— _
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake, 453 Parmtt bid.
A — ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal: no publicity: also on real estate;
1st or 2d mortgages or on any security; any
amount O. W. BECKER, 36 Geary, room 36.
HIGHLY respectable private place to Obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
- per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
.908 Market; tel. Main 1644, Branch 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boardlng.houses. without
security; easy payments; large business In 46
,- principal cities. TOLMAN. 553 Parrott bldg.
ON salaries, - insurance policies, chattel mort-
gages, diamonds, valuables, etc. . UNITED
LOAN AND TRUST CO., 21 Stockton st,
near Market.
I TO salaried p«ople without security; on furni-
ture. Indorsed notes and other security. S.
F, Discount Agency, 125-127 Phelan bldg.
PRIVATE — Money loaned on salaries . without
security; diamonds or chattels; no fee; no
com.; cut rate. Cal. Loan Co.. 523 Parrott bid.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity;. $25 up; quick,
private, confidential. 2ti Montgomery, rm, 21.
MONEY to loan at low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
- at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st
MONEY loaned In sums from $10 upward; rea-
I sonable Interest. A. O. Colton. 717 Mills bid.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches. Jewelry;
■ confd. Diamond Parlor Jewelry Co.; 722 Mkt
TO salaried people without security. The White
Co.. 420 California st. rooms 14 and 15.
DON'T borrow money on- salary until you see
us. Huttcn Credit Co.. 012 Mutual Bank bldg.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311, Mutual Sav, Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds & Jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 538 Kearny.
3%' ON" furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN.'Toom 81. 6 Eddy st
CASH loaned salaried people ' on notes without
. lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
MONEY WASTED. ■r'
WANTED— $27C0; first mortgage country prop-
' erty: splendid security: 7*£ per cent Interest;
principals only. . Box 1588, Call office. .
WANTED — To borrow for. two years, " $2000 at
6 per cent; first mortgage. \ Box 1027, Call.
.WANTED— Loan of $2000 for 1 year on Berke-
ley home. Box 1466. Call office.- I
agTjSICA3J _■ CTSTBTmS-TTS.
A GREAT opportunity— We are closing Out
our. ertire Seattle - stock in S. F. at prices
never heard of * : before :^ all raakee; your
term* are our terms; rents $2 up: allowed If
, purchased..-- HEINE - PIANO CO.. 235-237
. Geary ■ st . ■ S. ■ F. ; Oakland. 1252 Broadway.
PARTY must sell, large Stelnway upright;
cost $700; price. $285; will accept payments:
"no . reasonable cash offer ' - refused. . 237
Geary st. " ' ' . ■_
FOR SALE— Two fine old master violins ; grand
-tone; at a bargain. ■ 2514 McAllister st
PIANO for sale.. Inquire at - 1840 Seventh a t .
• •: Reidley House. West - Oakland.
FOR sale— Fine Chase upright piano. Inquire
1649 Howard st ,. ..
-,- " ■ r
FOR f sale-^Good /'upright 'piano;' fin* condi-
tion. fi21 Howard at. ■ tailor ■___-
MUbMCAXi IIT8T-iUM333~rS— -Oont-nndd.
A NUMBER OF BARGAINS IN UPRIGHTS.
A' small upright, a snap : $05
Stodart. mahogany case, fine condition... $133
Grovesteen & Fuller, full size concert.. $14.
Fischer, thoroughly repaired .; $ibo
Bechatein, a high-grade German Instru-
ment ....$170
Also a Chlckering. Vose, Stelnway, Weber.
Mason & Ham lla. Sterling and many others.
Easy payments. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON 18
O'Farrell st. ;.
BEAUTIFUL new upright pianos for rent. $3
per month; cne year's rental allowed If pur-
chased. ECOTT-CURTA2. 560 Hayes st.
A SMALL Stelnway upright; cost $500- $153
takes' it. 237 Geary st.
FI-CHER upright; cost $550; will sell for $30.
237 Geary st.
FOR honest and fair dealing, Honrang Piano i
House. 218 McAllister st. I
ELEGANT uprights. new ft 2d-hand.$45 to $300.
Pierce" s Piano Factory, Market and 14th sts.
SOHMER, Byrcn Mauzy pianos. Cecellan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 803-312 Post »U
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZJ- CO.. V 16 McAllister st,
3-PEDAL Stelnway up; Chlckering baby grand;
Shonlnger. little flsed. Keeffe's, 2S5 O'Farrell.
OmC-H ABD STO-tES TO LET.
A FEW more select business offices for rent In
the Italian-American Bank building. SE. cor-
. ner Montgomery and Sacramento streets, sin-
gle or In suites, at reasonable prices; every
office has cabinets with running water, elec-
tric light,', steam heat, pneumatic, sweepers,
safe -and all modern Improvements ud to
date; light, heat and Janitor service Included
. in the rent G. H. UMBSEX - CO..
20 Montgomery St.
TO lease — A store In course of construction; in
excellent location; brisk opportunity for dry
'goods, temperance grocery, shoe store; floor
area seventeen hundred square feet; ready
Jan. 15. Box 1473, Call office. '
DESK room to let; desk room; office; desk
- room with use of office; office with use of
office; cheap. 1005 Market, rooms 610-617.
$9 — SHOP suitable for any kind mechanical
business. C. J. BARRON. 1219 Market st,
DESIRABLE office, with use of entrance
room, phone, etc. 717 Mills building.
PART of office In modern building fronting
. Market; cheap. 701 Grant building.
OAK. cor. Broderick — Large store suitable for
grooery and saloon; opposite carhouse.
FOR rent — For physician, 2 or 3 rooms; fine
. location; furnished. 203 Taylor at.
BASEMENT to let 201 Powell st,
TO let — Store and 3 rooms at 3404 Mission
st. Apply at 7 Thirtieth st.
MARKET. 719 — Front suite of rooms for of-
fices: central location. I
raasoarAXiS.^"
"R-E-X-R-A-D-I-O-'S B-U-L-L-E-T-I-N."
FEW SAMPLES OUT OF HUNDREDS.
"REXRADIO'S" (non-medical) treatment for
ALL alleged INCURABLE diseases.
"REXRADIO'S" TERMS are moderate; con-
sultatlon. diagnosis FREE.
"NAMES" of patlenta (following) can be seen
at offices. tj\:
"PHYBICIAN," ONE OF THE MOST PROM-
INENT IN CITY. WAS, LAST WEEK.
PUBLICLY TREATED BY RHXRADIO
FOR DEAFNESS. AND* INSTANTLY
HEARD "WHISPER" AT 80 FEET.
"OSSIFIED" lady. Mrs. Knowlea. 379 Bart,
lett. STILL freely moves her years' SOLID
joints.
"REXRADIO" quickly cured my agonizing.
crippling LUMBAGO.
"REXRADIO'S" (first) treatment removed
my severe, chronlo STOMACH trouble.
"REXRADIO" promptly, thoroughly cured my
dangerous LUNG disease. '
"REXRADIO" Instantly made my totally deaf
DEAF ear hear distant whisper. ■ ■
"REXRADIO" cured my disabling SCIATICA;
- I run, leap, easily. ■ ' .
"BEDRIDDEN" for years; I rose from bed
unaided; 1 treatment.
"REXRADIO" instantly -cared my tongu*
„ PARALYSIS and I spoke well. '
"REXRADIO" speedily cured my PARALT-
SI3; I ' run and leap. •
"REXRADIO" -saved roe from Imminent
BLINDNESS: sight now perfect.
"REXRADIO'S few treaments cored my
CANCER. large as hen's egg.
"REXRADIO'S" 1 treatment freed my AzF-
CHYLOSED helpless limbs.
"REXRADIO" made my DEAF MUTE pa-
tlent begin hear, speak. — PHYSICIAN.
"REXRADIO" cured us of 10 severe chronic
diseases; see us.
"REXRADIO" has cured many (distant) pa>-
tients he has never seen. ,
"$1000 FORFEIT" ir above statements are
not absolutely TRUE. _-
"REXRADIO'S" new WEEKLY CIRCULAR
will Interest you; call for it.
"REXRADIO'S" office hours 2 to 7. Fre«
public healing TO-DAY. 2 and 8 p. m. CUT
OUT these ads for SICK FRIENDS. Ra-
dium' Hall. 1 Fourth st. (cor. Market.)
GRAY, falling hair, scalp troubles exclusively;
having made this my study since 1S66. cul-
minated now In a knowledge which In-
■area success; as hair is priceless, money
values can't j>e pleased, but whatever the
cost may be the remedies you apply' dally
yourself at home cure every case accepted:
call, write. HAIR DOCTOR KUSTER. 1152
Franklin St., Oakland.
A FACE without a wrinkle may be the pos-
session of any cne who Ukes the full tr-at-
ment for the removal of facial Imperfections
practiced by M. ELLA HARRIS; simple
remedy, based upon scientific principles; per-
manent in effect; proofs shown; send for free
booklet "Hints on Beauty." M. ELLA HAR.
RIS. 128 Geary st. .
AA— WHY look old?
Fifteen-day rate will now be given by
MME. GILLINGHAM: a lady 72 years of
age with wrinkles and pufflness removed
from cne side of the face can be seen dally.
143 Stockton st., cor. Geary.
A reliable cure for superfluous hair, B. B. B.
English Caramel; $1 a treatment; free dem-
onstration: keep your skin smooth and beau-
tiful and prevent wrinkles by using our skin
food 50c a Jar. ELITE DERMATOLOGY
INSTITUTE. 838 Market st.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves Us growth,stops falling, cures dandruff
and Itching .calp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp;at druggists', hairdressers*; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 1338 Polk.
YOUNG lawyer fine family, good business
man. college bred, residing Southern v city.
desires correspondence very wealthy Ww tera
rlrl: object matrimony. H. P. FRY, Chat-
tanooga, Tenn.
A WIDOW, good looking and refined, would
like to make the acquaintance of a sober
Protestant gentleman between 50 and 60
years; object matrimony. Box 1021. Call.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
cbenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews. 700 Fifth st.. Oakland.
RUGS made from old carpets; Ingrain, brus-
sels, tapestry and moquette; chenille curtains
woven Into new rugs. Fluff Rug Factory,
882 Market St.. Oakland ; take West 8th car.
ADVERTISING WORLD. Columbus, Ohio, a
monthly Journal ' of information, plan-, sug-
gestions and Ideas for advertising. Eend to-
- ' '• day for free cample, or 10c for 4 months' trial.
OXYGEN massage cures weakness and nervous
troubles. Office. 320 Starr King bldg.. 121
. . Geary st. . MRS. HOLSHOUSER, magaetle
- specialist: ladles and gentlemen.
ROYALTY paid on songs, poems and music*!
compositions; we. arrange and popularize;
particulars free. Pioneer Pub. Co.. 704 Bal-
. timcre building. Chicago, 111.
THE address of DARWIN or GEORGES KIN"O"
formerly of Crows Point, N. Y.. or any one
knowing -same. Address WM. BENSON, 927
Kdily St., San Francisco.
DETECTIVE.- expert In all brandies, civil or
criminal, late of New York City, wants en-
gagement; best of references furnished. Box
1540. Call office. . . , ,
A RELIABLE woman wishes to clean lace cur-
tains; first-class -work;- work called for
Phone Folsom 2659.
DETECTIVE— Private detective; all classes le-
gitimate work promptly attended to. HARRY
ROGERS. 816 O'Farrell. Phone Sutter 2*534.
IMPORTANT — Any one knowing the address
of FRANK G. O"NEIL win receive a reward
if _sent to box 1482. Call Office. S. F., Cal.
BALM of Flga— Greatest discovery of the age;
cures all diseases of women, tumors and can*
cere. Office 804 Larkln st.
FANCY and silk dresses carefully washed.
JAPANESE FAVORITE, LAUNDRY, estab,
1890. -122 Flllmore st.; phone Geary 2033.
WHITE— Pasadena. BLACK.
ELECTRIC light baths; hot and cold tub
K_t_« ACT Gearv st,
P_-aSO-TAI.S— Conttntfd.
AT less than cost; uncalled tor suits, overcoat a
and trousers at CHARLES LYON3*. London
Tailor. 721 Market st *
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 5O
down and $1 5O per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. S40 Post st. near Powell.
C. E. JEWETT. purchasing agent; country
orders. 305 Larkln. r. 49. tel. South 319.
SUITS to order on Installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS CO.. the tailors. 729 Market at.
EASY Installments for Men and Youths. Suits
! - to order. Co-operative Tailoring. 1117 Mkt,
, $1 a week; suits to order $15 up. LEMOS. 1127
Market St.. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
ONE dollar weekly keeps yon m fine clothing.
Art .Tailoring. 1644 Mkt. under St Nicholas.
ELEGANT suits to crder extra pants or fancy
vests, for $14 75. Frtd "Wagner. S-O Market.
Euperfluoua hair removed; electric needle. Mr*.
Eaton.339 Snttar. Mlm» Eaton. 233 O«ary.r.3S.
TAILOR-MADQ suit $7 50; dress pant* $3 80.
Misfit Clothing Parlor. cor. Bush and Dgpont
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO..733 M-t.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna, restore* gray
hair to its nantral color. $1 at all druggist-*.
FATil-JTH.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. M-TDtNA. at-
toraey-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg.. 532 Market st
PABT-TXBg WA-TTXP. '
PARTNER wanted In second-hand and vaxlstr.
2oO Turk at
P-TT-IICIA-TS AND STJKOEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residency
1021 % Market St.. bet 6th and 7th: particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of woman.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073H Market st _*
REMOVED— DR. WONO HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human "body; fo»
past four years at 115-117 Mason at, now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st. near Leavenworth.
.WONO WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dlsl
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay at,
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOI3E3 la EAR3
positively cored; new methods; 1 w-ek's
treatment free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter.
: PtrsosAsnra Aaznrcxxs.
CLARA E. JEWETT. purchasing agent; coun-
try orders a specialty; correspondence solicit-""
ed. 3CS Larkln st. room 49: tel. South 313.
————————————— — — — — » — ■— — i — — — — . ■———__————!
Boo^ ~oa HOPS-cssPTaro^
ARDELL. 13 Page— Two front furalshed
housekeeping rooms; gas range; $3 week;
others $1 25 up.
BRANNAN. 426— Neatly furnished housekeep-
ing room.
BRYANT. 421 — 2 minny rooms, nicely fur-
nished for housekeeping; gas.
BUSH. 1685— One large housekeeping rocm:
running water; rent $10.
CENTRAL ave., 813B— 2 sunny housekeeping
rooms.
CLEMENTINA. 54-lHousekeeplng rooms.
CLEMENTINA. 42 H— Housekeeping rooms.
CLARA. 67. near Fourth— Nicely furnished
small room. $1 * week.
t
CLAY. 1002 — 3 housekeeping rooms to let
CLAY, 1018 — Housekeeping room.
CAPP, 867 — 3 unfurnished rooms for house-
keeping; modern; reasonable to quiet couplet
no children.
CAPP, 843— Upper floor. 4 unfurnished rooms;
bath: suitable light housekeeping; .adults.
DIAMOND. 819— Two rear rooms; furnished.
$7; unfurnished, $5.
EIGHTH. 126A — Well furnished front suit fo»
housekeeping; gas range and bath.
EDDY.' 611 — 2 furnished housekeeping rooms.
EDDY. 954— Sunny ' apartments of 8 and 4
rooms.
EDDY. 771 — Furnished room* for ho_seksep-
lng.
ELLIS, 656 — Unfurnished housekeeping room-
to rent.
ELLIS. 1479— Furnished room for hoasekeep-
tng- .
ELLIS. 574 — Two complete housekeeping roomsf
gas rang*.. *
FIFTH,' 145^4 — Housekeeping rooms for rent|
reasonable.
FIFTH. 353 — Three furnished housekeeping
rooms. $15; 2 fur, hkpg. $13 BO: single. $4.
FILLMORE. 3323A— Thre* sunny rooms. eomT
plete for housekeeping; rent $16.
FELL. 937— Elegantly furnished hou-ekeeplng>
suite; gas range; sun all day.
FOLSOM. &62t£ — Housekeeping and atagl*
rooms to let, furnished.
FOLSOU, 1032 — Housekeeping rooms.
FOLSOM, 3228 — 3 furnished rooms, complete
for housekeeping; cheap.
FOLSOM, 614^ — Furnished housekeeping room-
to let.
FOLSOM, 1013 — Unfurnished housekeeplna
rooms.
FELL. 530^ — Honsekeeolng rooms.
FOURTH. 491—2 rooms furnished for house-
keeping; gas stove; no children.
FOLSOM. S34 — Single housekeeping room;
porch and stationary washtub.
FRANKLIN. 1450— Sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms.
FRANKLIN, 1450 — Elegantly furnished par-
lor and small kitchen; also basement suits.
FOLSOM, 519— Large front rocm for light
. housekeeping; rent reasonable.
GEARY, 1225— Fine front, sunny, bay-winrto—
suite; all conveniences; location of the best;
marine view; terms reasonable.
GOLDEN GATB ave.. 404 — Furnished house-
keeping suite; gas range; running water:
adults.
GOLDEN OATE. 631 — Single rooms; famished
for housekeeping.
GROVE. 535— Housekeeping rooms to let; rsx
sonable.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 639 — Hou so keeping roons
for rent; nice quiet home for right party.
GOLDEN GATB ave.. 639— A front and bac'4
parlor for rent; housekeeping: very reason*
able. • • - •
GOLDEN GATE. 309—2 sunny - houselctepia g
rooms; first floor; rent reasonable,
QOUGH. 437 — Housekeeping rooms te- Is*. =
GROVK. 640 — Housekeeping rooms te let. ' ■
GEARY. 946 — Two connecting rooms for heCWi
keeping; gas stoves; others $13 and up— arf,
GOLDEN GATE ave., 637 — Het!sek~pi_g roemi
to let
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 809 — One lar»» ■ room
for light housekeeping; rent ' reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 313 — Sunny f-rnfati«<S
- rooms for light - housekeeping.
GEARY, 1937— Three nicely furnished, hoa—«
keeping rooms. Call between 9 and 3.
GEARY. 917 — Furnished hou sek taping roots-
in good location.
GROVE, 32 — Unfurnished room- for hous*. •
• ' keeping.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 88T— Newly for. sonny
rooms; hot. cold water; porcelain bath; ga*
GREENWICH. 1433, near FoEt— F_r_ls_e<_ o.
unfurnlsbed room* to let; marine view.
HAIGHT. 218 — Housekeeping room- to let,
HARRISON. , 405— New house: f-rnlsbe<_
rooms; housekeeping rooms; hot and eold
water; electric light; bath.
HOWARD, 664% — A large front room wlt_
kitchen for housekeeping. $10 per month,
i
HOWARD. 846 — 3 suites housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD. 923 — Housekeeping rooms; bat_
and gas.
HARRIET. 86— Unfurnished ho_aek-«ptB4
rooms. ■ -
HARRISON. 1128— Housekeeping room.
HOWARD. 1161— Front housekeeptog room,
$2 50 per week. -
For Additional Cla-sLfled AdTcrtiao
-> jsxents See Taj© .&.
4748
■ "• -«•"'* r **~ T l TIOTJS'SEXTf"""'!- — Con.
ItAlGHY. «.i — i c-^r luige. connecting 1'ront
rotini>: surly*; z\f: bats: reasonable; n!ce-
- !y tursift.i-d. ___. I
l.'AVE?. 81S— Houtckeeptng rooms.
nAIGHT. 21S— Nicely fur. room*. hkp£. ; with
_OT withctlt large stable; all convor.lencts.
H'rtVAFlI), L0E3 — Houwkf-c;»inBr rooms 10 rent; j
tiexvly furnished. * V.TC. |
-
HTDE. 70S— 1 Jr.* ■ housekeeping room to let.
■
HOWARD. S22— 2 frcr.t housekeeping rooms;
. rent U week.
HOWARD. 72S— housekeeping rooms.
HAYES. 4S1 —Xieely rurnish«<1 housekeeping
rooir>-; bath; c&s; rent reasonable. .
HOWARD. 737 4— A s-jUt of rooms to let for)
housekeeping.
HAWTHORNE, 0— Furnished rooms fcr house-
• fcening.
HOWARD 1«54— Nice fumirhea rooms for
■•hou6^k«;pinr.
II-YDE. 172G. r.<>ar Broadway — Sunny parlcr,
newly furnished, with bath, gas, prate; 1
handy for gentleman; housekeeping rocms |
. also. Call all wetk. j
JOXEP. 2C7— Sur.ny • frost rooms, en suite and
",«ing>; light housekeeping; modern.
.JCJNKF. 624— Light housekeeping room to let.
«
JOKES. 5<">7 — Housekeeping rooms.
KEARNT. 209 — Chesp housekeeping rooms. j
KEARNT. 1G4 — Sumy bay window frcnt j
suite and tingle rooms, unfurnished; $20;
' a£u!ts.'
KENILWORTH. cor. Oush and Powell— Three-
rcom funny apartments: steam heat: cen. loc.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments, 1340 Pin« — j
tunny furnished 3-room suite* : steam heated. I
«_!eetric lighted; fre« baths: rates reasonable, j
LARKIN. 429— Housekeeping rooms. I
LARKIN. 433— Nicely furnished room for }
• houst keeping. 1
LARKIN. f.(C— Nicely furnished sunny front
rocms comrlete for housekeeping. _j
' : z__n ;.-.-,-.>
LARKIN. 40S — Rooms fcr housekeeping.
LAKKIX. 4S3— 2 sunny front housfkeeplng
loom*.
LARKIN. 3ij — Nicely furnished rooms; house
is bflr»K thoroughly renovated.
LANGTON. 212 1 ;. near 7th — 2 unfurnished
rooms; h'cjsc keeping : large sunny yard.
LARKIN. 327 : 5 — Housekeeping roonus to let.
LASKIE. 27. bc\. Eighth end Ninth, off Mis-
sion — Three rooms for housekeeping and one
stcple rocm.
LAIIK!N\ 420— ?ur.r.y housekeeping suite; reg-
ular kitrhen; reasonable; adults.
LARKIN. C274 — Housekeeping rooms to let \
LACUNA. BOS — 2 front sunny bay-window
rooms: running water; gas range; ccnv.; $15.
MCALLISTER, 7P2— Two large sunny front
rooms frr housekeeping ; also regular kitchen
and bedroom; coal ranee, laundry, yard.
MAYBEX.LE, 2<^2 Grove, ccr. Van Ness — Sun-
ny fur. 2 and 3 room suites; gas and bath.
MISSION, !i-"'> — Front room: no objections to
light housekeeping: rent $2.
MONTGOMERY. 100 — Single and housekeeping
rooms; nhcne Black C713.
MISSION, S.*g— Housekeeping rooms.
MARKET. 1S02 — Housekeeping rooms.
MINNA. CO3 — Housekeeping rooms to let
MARKET. 231(3 — Housekeeping rooms.
MISSION. 225t> — 2 fine furnished housekeeping
■■ rooir.t; frcnt room; no objection to baby.
MINNA, 342— Sunny front housekeeping room
to let.
MONTGOMERY. 109— Sum*- front sn:!te. elngrle
and housekeeping rooms. Tel. Black 6713.
MISSION. 764 — Housekeeping room to let
* —
MISSION. 621— Housekeeping rooms.
MISSION, 22SS — 3 connecting rooms for house-
• keeping.
MINNA. 1CS— Front room for light housekeep-
ing: JS month.
MONTGOMERY. 1C3 — Housekeeping rooms.
Telephone Dlack C713.
MINNA, T.40 — Furnished housekeeping rooms
- to let; reasonable. Call.
MARY, 28. near 5th — Sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms; two single front rooms, $4
. per month.
NATOMA. 55 — P.ooins to let for housekeeping.
NATOMA. OCC — Housekeeping room to let.
NATOMA. 577 '/j — Unfurnished housekeeping
' rooms for rent.
NATOMA. 701 — Nice furnished rooms for
housekeeping.
O'FAI:RELL. 2C* — Three connecting rooms;
gas rar.ee; running water.
O'FARRELL. 020— Two lovely front rooms,
hous'keeplnjr; sun all day; basement suite,
■ housekeeping; reasonable.
OAK GROVE ave.. 10. between Fifth and Sixth,
off Harrison — 2 cr 3 housekeeping rooms; also
front parlor; pas. bath, laundry.
O'FARRELL. 13S1. nr. Laguna — Housekeeping
suits (2), with conveniences; from $18 to $25.
OAK. 117 — Complete for housekeeping. $j to
112; eas rsnge: hot bath; adults.
OAK. 407 — $4 per month; rooms for working-
men; clean and sunny.
POLK. ISS8 <Tl:e Carnegie) — Furnished rooms
*for light housekeeping.
PAGE. 278 — Housekeeping rooms, reasonable.
.-POLK. 1S00 — Sunny rooms to let for house-
itevping.
POST. 1415 — Housekeeping rooms to let.
• POLK. 522 — Nicely furnished sunny front
suite for housekeeping: fig; also single
room, fS.
I'EARL. 3. corner Market — Three furnlehed
. housekeeping rooms: ?1S; no children.
PAGE, 278 — Two cozy living rooms; hoi
t bath; J15.
RITCH, 12 — Housekeeping rooms for rent
RITCH.. 20, off Folsom — Housekeeping rooms.
"SECOND. 434 — Nice sunny housekeeping rooms
' to let.
SOUTH PARK, 17S— Sunny rooms for house-
keeping.
's=1XTEJ:NTH. 3428 — Housekeeping rooms, fur-
nished; phone, gas. bath; no children.
: SUTTTCR. id— Housekeeping rooms.
SECOND, 143— Housekeeping rooms in good
•• neighlicirhood.
EECuN"). 434— Three nicely furnished house-
( keeping rooms.
SOUTH PAP.K, 150— Furnished rooms for
housekeeping.
SUNNY frcnt a!co\*e room and kitchen: pas
' ranee, bath. j»hone; adults. Box 1CW9, Call.
SHOTWELL. 217— Housekeeping rooms.
SACRAMENTO. 1719— Two large, furnished
" housekeeping rooms; bath, running water and
phone- ;, reasona We.'
SOUTH PARK. 17S— Furnished housekeeping
roomt. .
SOUTH PARK. 17? — Two housekeeping rooms.
FHOTWELL, 19 — Two connecting unfurnished
rooiEB fur how<' keeping; gas and • water;
blso c-ne room furnished.
SUKNY recm. Western Addition; $6. Box
ill>;. rail office.
SOUTH PARK. lSU-r-Fumished rooms for
. h<ju^rke<>j!ng. — •
FTKVKNSON. SC — 2 housekeeping rocms, com- ;
j>!e«e; wrxjd tree: %\ 73 werk; single room.ii
?l v«-ck. j
6ILVEat. f>7 — Furnished rooms. j
SECOND. 37-^Housekeeplng rooms. '
i
SOUTH PARK, 10C— Housekeeping rooms.
i THIRD. 30S — Nice housekeeping rooms; good
location; very reasonable. •
'TENTH. 143 — One complete furnished house-
i keeping room; use of parlor, piano. •
TURK. 41C — Housekeeping rooms.
TURK. 3S — Furnished room. $5 month; also
suite of 2 connecting rooms, furnished for
housekeeping; sink and all conveniences.
TAYLOR, 911— Two furnished attlct sunny
rooms, gas range. $9; 1 sunny room, gas
range, $7 50.
T\V ENTV-SIXTH. 3367— Three housekeeping
roeras. near 3 car lines.
, TURK. 1422 — Two or three nicely furnished
housekeeping rooms; running water; gas
range.
|
TtTRK. 1218 — Housekeeping room.
TWENTY-FOURTH, 3176— Furnlehed house-
keeping roomt.
THIRD. 340% — Housekeeping room.
I TWELFTH. 145— Eultca of 2 and 3 sunny
furnished rooms for housekeeping.
TURK. 404 — Housekeeping rooms.
TWELFTH 232— Suite 2 or 3 housekeeping
rooms: regular kitchen; gas range; adults.
TURK. 201 — Large furnished rooms for house-
keeplng.
I TURK. 806 — Housekeeping rooms to rent
TEHAMA, 32.T — Nice large sunny housekeeping;
I rent reasonable.
TURK. 1291 — 2 housekeeping rooms, furnished
or unfurnished.
THIRD, C20— A large front room, with kitchen
j and gas: rent reasonable.
i UTAH. 5*58, nr. 18th — Housekeeping rooms; cot-
tage; J12.
j WANTED — Man and wife to take housekeep-
ing rooms; a cozy front room; rent reasona-
ble. CUP Golden Gate ave. ■■:-. .-.
j BOOIIS TO LET — Fnrn. and Unfnra.
A^ TliE~^CmMTORiu~M~HO^ElI
THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
116 AND 117 EDDY ST. :
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
MOST MODERN AND UP-TO-DATE HO-
TEL DOWNTOWN; 150 rooms; 35 SUITES
WITH PRIVATE BATH: ELECTRIC
LIGHTS: STEAM HEATED THROUGH-
OUT; TELEPHONE IN EVERY ROOM;
SUITES WITH BATH. $1 50 TO $2 50 PER
DAY; SINGLE ROOMS. 75e TO . $1; HOT
WATER DAY AND NIGHT. TELEPHONE
SOUTH 1041.
~ ASHWORTH HOTEL.
£20 Mason st. bet. Geary and O'FarrelL
| Rooms with or without private bath.
New addition just comt>leted: entire house
rewly renovated; sun in rooms all day.
ATKINS, cor. Third st and Park lane — New
brick building; all sunny rocms; hot and cold
water: electric lights; only first-class house
In locality: rooms Jl 60 week and up.
] A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth st — Rooms
! 25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night
AT 'The Almonte," 873 Market st (or No. 1
Fifth st) — Rooms. 25c, COc. $1. $1 60 nlgbt;
$1 60 to $10 week; house open all night
ALVARADO, 835 — Sunny front room.
ASH ave. 414 — A furnished room to let
I
AURORA. 609 Folsom. cor. 2d — Nicely furn.
sunny rooms; running water; elec. lights;
$1 CO a week up.
A, 022 — Surmy room; bath; gas.
ALDINE. 404 Turk. — Furnished rooms, suites
and apartments.
ARMY. S528 — Bunny furnished room.
DELMOKD House: over Owl drug store: 2 en-
trances 1126 Market and 21 Turk— Electrlo
lights; running water in every room; 200
rooms; 25c to 60c per night; $1 23 to $3 week..
BROADWAY, 1050— Front room to let V
BUSH. 2444^ — Sunny furnished room to rent.
BUCHANAN, 1628 — Unfurnished room.
BUCHANAN, 1C2S — Furnished room. ; L ,'Z ■„"
BUSH, C70 — Furnished room to let
BRYANT, 7C8 — Nice furnished room.
B STREET, 626 — Nice pleasant room.
BRYANT, 419 — Room to let.
_______ ___— — — — — — — |
BRYANT, 900 — A furnished room to let.
BONITA, 6 — Furnished rooms.
BRYANT. 412 — Sunny furnished room.
BUCHANAN. 1324— Room to let .
BUCHANAN, 1324 — Furnished rooms.
BERNARD. 26 — Furnished rooms to let
BROADWAY, 1335 — Sunny rooms. ■->/-.
| BRYANT, 453% — A nice furnished room; suit-
able for 2 feentlemen.
, ( POSTON place, 7 — Furnished rooms to let
|
j BUSH. 2313^ — Sunny furnished room to rent i
BUSH. 1911 — Room to let.
BUSH. e70 — Rooms to iet " <
1 BIRCH ave., 537 — Furnished room to let,l"A. :
BRYANT, 421— Furnished room to let
BltYANT. 157 — Sunny front room.
BRYANT, 417 — Sunny room to let.
HITCH. 230 — Sunny front furnished rooms to
let.
I RUSH. 69 — Furnished rooms to let
BRYANT. 562%— Furnished rooms.
BONITA. 6 — Unfurnished room.
BAKER, 704— Rooms to let
BRODERICK. 663— Furnished rooms to let
BRYANT. 21"%— Room.
. BUSH, 2515— Nice sunny front room, to rent.
BRYANT. 417%— Furnished rooms.
1 BROADWAY. 410 — Furnished rooms to let.
BAKER, 1420 — Furnished room to let
■ BUSH,' 2444— Nice sunny, room to rent.
BRANNAN. 725—3 furnished 1 rooms to let
BRYANT. 103C — Furnished rooms.
I BKYANT. 518, rear — I unfurnished , clean sun-
I ny rooms, rent $9. '
r BAKER, 21 — Nicely, furnished room.
BIRCH ave.. 30— Furnished rooms.
BARTLETT, 207— Sunny room; for gentleman.
BRYANT.; 417— Room.
CHESTNUT. 792— Sunny, room to let. '.. \
CLAY, 1006 — Frcnt room * and bath.
. CALIFORNIA, 1516— A nice sunny alcove
suite, with all modern Improvements. ■:
j CHESTNUT, 89S— Suite of rooms to let.
j CALIFORNIA; 623 — Sunny furnished rooms for
1 gentlemen; excellent '.location. ' ■
THE SAN FRANGISGO CALL. SUNDAY, DECEMBER 4. 1904:
,' 2OOMS TO _ET— Purn. and TJnfnrn.
CLEMENTINA, 427— Furnished room.
CARL. 25.— Sunny front room to let.
CALIFORNIA, 1247— Suite of pleasant rooms
with bath and piano: private house; also a
single room with piano if desired; price $10 1
and S2O. ■ . -'■■' '
CLAY, 2912— Rooms to let.
COLE. S15— Front room to let. ■•■Jv A .
j ' ZZZZT" ' "Z: ,.-:■;. ,-:•
CALIFORNIA. 702— Furnished rooms to let
CALIFORNIA, 1264 — A nice front sunny room;
running- water, large clcset; $7.
CHURCH. 361— Unfurnished rooms, to let
CLARA. 142-^-4 unfurnished rooms.
CLEMENTINA. 73— Room to let.
CASTRO. 421 — Furnished rooms.
CLEMENTINA. 75B — Furnished rooms to let
CLAY.' 643A — Two furnished rooms.
COLUMBIA square, 8 — Sunny front room to
let
CLARA. 118 — Furnished room, single.
CLARA, 79 — 3 rooms to let
CLEMENTINA. 426, bet. 6th and 6th— Sunny
furnished front room, $1 50 per week.
CLAY. 1028 — Furnished rooms.
CLARA, 422 — Furnished room to let
CHESTNUT,_736 — Furnished room.
CLARA. 221 — Sunny front furnished room to .
let.
CIiARENCE court, 4 — A furnished room to let.
CENTRAL ave., 1514 — Nice furnished room to
let ■_■ . . ■ ,-:.::
CALIFORNIA, 720 — Bay window room to rent
CLEMENTINA. 34— A large front room for
housekeeping.
CLARA, 177 — Furnished room.
CLEMENT. 422 — Sunny room, with gas.
CLEMENTINA, C6 — Furnished room to let.
CENTRAL ave., 1616 — Room to let.
CHESTNUT, 266— Furnished rooms.
CLAY. 1424— Large, sunny newly furnished
rooms, bath; private family; rent reasonable.
CAPP, 817 — Furnished rocm to let
COLLINGWOOD. 129— Furnished room to let
DEVISADERO, 1317— A nicely furnished room.
DOLORES. 414: — A • nicely furnished room to \
one or two gentlemen. :
DORLAND, 24 — Sunny rooms to let
DOLORES. 271 — Room to let.
DUBOCE ave.. 111. cor. Valencia and 13th—
Sunny front room for two centlemen.
DEVISADERO, 1301A — Nicely furnished rooms.
DORE, 20, south Howard, between 9th and |
10th — A clean light room, bath, gas; work-
lngman preferred.
EDDY. 432 — Fine sunny furnished rooms; flee J
location: reasonable..,..,,. |
EDDY, 804 — Nice single "room;* also house-
< keeping rooms to let -
ELLIS. 749— Elegantly furnished rooms.
ELLIS. 1026 — Roomers wanted for one single,
one double and one suite of rooms.
ELLIS, 1101. cor. Gough— Private family; 3
large sunny front rooms; rent low.
EDDY, 11, near Powell — Large sunny front
room; also single rooms, $1 25 week up.
ELLIS. 556 — Furnished rooms.
ELLIS, 314 — Sunny furnished front room to
let.
i - - -, ,.'■--_■*-. . -~--. f- i- ■ -■ .
EDDY. 1541 — Furnished rooms to let - '
EDDY, 1235 — Furnished rooms.
EDDY. 879, corner of Franklin — Nicely fur-
nished rooms to let; In walking distance.
ELEVENTH. 2S1— Rooms to let . '■
ELWOOD. 6, near Mason — Front room.
ELLIS, 616 — Furnished rooms to let
ELEVENTH. 117— Furnished rooms to let
I EDDY, 1233 — Furnished rooms to let. .
EIGHTEENTH. 3232 — Sunny furnished rooms.
EDDY, 614 — Single nicely furnished and sunny
rooms to let.
EDDY, 494 — Elegantly furnished rooms, single
or suite; sun all day.
ELLIS, 725 — Furnished rooms.
ELLIS. 830 — Nicely furnished room in private
family; rent $7.
ELLIS, 1160 — Sunny furnished alcove room;
bath, gas, phone free; private house.
EIGHTH ave., 574 — A sunny attlo room, view
of Golden Gate Park.
EDDY, 1809A— Furnished room.
EDDY, 769 — One sunny furnished room.
EDDY. 204 — Elegant sunny room.
ELLIS. 1453 — Unfurnished rooms to let
EDDY, 1233 — Furnished room to let.
EDDY. 4C8 — Furnished rooms to let ,
EIGHTH ave., 574 — Three and 4 sunny rooms;
will fix them up to suit tennant. .
EDDY, 1809A — Sunny'room. .
ELLIS, 221^-Room to let.
EDDY. 600, corner Hyde— Sunny corner room;
privilege making breakfast.
ELLIS. 132 — Furnished rooms : to let
EVERETT. 25— Room to let
ELLIS, 610 — Furnished rooms.
EDDY. 601— Rooms to let.
EIGHTEENTH, 4064— Furnished . room to let.
EDDY. 320— Nice furnished back , room;' prl-'
. vate ; no other . roomers. ,
EIGHTEENTH. 4C5S— Sunny furnished room
... ;to,.let. ■ ■ . •„.- '•".-' \ ... ■* £-.>.-i:' ■
ELLIS. 1885— Furnished ' \ room to let with
bath; no other roomer.
EDDY. 9— Furnished rooms to let.
ELLIS. 328 — Sunny furnished rooms; suitable
. for, offices.; . »
EDDY, 1233— Furnished ■ room to let.
ELLIS. 32CA— Sunny : furnished • rooms.
ERIE, 157-^-Sunny furnished front room.
EDDY,' 515-^-Furnlsihed rooms.
ELLIS. ■ 914— Front - room; good home for two
*; gentlemen. -
—OO3X3 TO f. _£S7— Purn. and XJnf nrn.
EDDY, 394— Furnished "rooms to let.
ELLIS, 1909— Furnished rooms.
ELM ave.. 1140 — Rooms to let.
ELLIS. 732^ — Furnished rooms to let.
ELLIS. 13C9— Room to let.
EDDT. 457— Nicely furnished front parlor.
EDDY, 110, Launston — Fine furnished rooms;
best transient; opp. Tivoll, 50c up per night.
ELLJB. 1S71 — Room to let.
ELLIS. 914 — Sunny front room for two gents, i
ELEVENTH, 239— Two unfurnished rooms.
j ELEVENTH. 327— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms; without bath; gas in every room. •
1 ELLIS, 315 — Furnished suites and single rooms
to let.
EDDY. 331— Furnished room for gentleman. |
ELM ave.. 217, between Turk and Golden Gate,
off Van Ness ave. — Two furnished ; sunny
front rooms to let; rent reasonable.
—
FULTON. 1749 — Furnished room to let
FOLSOM. 608— Nicely furnished rooms; 51 50
week up. •
FULTON. 228— Sunny room to let' ; - / -/
FOLSOM. 840— Furnished room to let ,":'
I FOLSOM. 739— Large sunny room to let
FOLSOM, 1181 — Front room to let.
FELL, 117— Furnished room.
FURNISHED room to let; suitable for B*nt
Box 151S, Call office.
FIFTH. 381— Furnished room to let
FULTON. C36— Furnished room.
FELL, 120— Furnished room to let
FIFTH ave.. 1133— Furnished rooms.
FULTON. 1268 — Furnished room to let
FOLSOM, 1346 — Sunny room to let.
FRANKLIN. 428 — Furniahed room.
FOURTH. 81 — Sunny rooms to let
FELL. 983 — Room to let.
FOLSOM, 608— Nicely furnished rooms to let.
FIRST, 319 — Sunny double and single; also
housekeeping. - .
FIFTH. 381 — Unfurnished room to let.
FRANKLIN 1459— Handsomely furnished par-
lor to let. ■
FRANKLIN, 1451— Sunny furnished rooms to
let.
FIFTH. 381 — Small furnished rooms to let
cheap; call after. 6 p. m.
FIFTH, 331 — Unfurnished room with carpet
and modern Improvement*. ;:-:l-,.',
FELL. 411 — A nice sunny front room.
FIFTH, 30^ — Furnished room.
FELL. 732 — Furnished room to let
FOURTH. 633— Hall bedroom.
FULTON, 622^ — Furniahed room to let.
FIFTEENTH. 1766— Furnished room to let. '
FOLSOM. 2850 — Nice sunny furnished room
to lfct. - " ..-. '
FOURTEENTH, 494— Nicely furnished rooms.
I FULTON, 224 — Sunny room to let.
! FRANKLIN, 428 — Sunny furnished room to
i let :
FOURTH. 147 — Furnished rooms to Iet\\* v : :
FIFTH. 3S1— Furnished rooms to let.
FIFTH. 2S1 — Large furnished room.
FOURTEENTH, 84 — Sunny furnished front
, room; reasonable.
FOLSOM, 850— Furnished rooms.
FIFTH, 33^ — Elegant furnished rooms to let.
FILLMORE, 941 — Fine furnished room; bath,
phone.'
FIFTH. 411 — Nicely furnished rooms; rent rea-
sonable.
FOLSOM, 2848 — Large furnished room to let.
FIFTH, 246 —^Unfurnished room to let
1
FOURTEENTH. S00— Nice furnished room.
FIFTH. 145%— Furnished room . to let.
FIRST ave., 645 — Furnished room to let
FILLMORE. 206% — A furnished . room to let.
FREMONT, 35— Rooms to let.
FOLSOM, 824 — A neatly furnished room to let
FOURTEENTH. 700 — Sunny single front room
for eentleman.
FOURTEENTH, 120— Rooms to let.
FOLSOM, 5C4 — Furnished room to let
FOLSOM. 812 — A furnished room to let
FELL. 628 — Sunny furnished room,
FIFTH. 321 — Sunny rooms to let.
FREMONT. 316— To let, front rooms, fur-
nished. .
FOLSOM, 60S — Furnished rooms to Iet.~~ .
FILLMORE, 314— Furnished rooms.
FURNSHED room to let; Western Addition;
private family; $6. Box 154G, Call.
FILLMORE. 206— Sunny furnished room to
-7 let- .'■ ;■ - : • ■ : ■■■■
FRANKLIN. 1469— Sunny furnished rooms to
V let.i -
FOLSOM, SSO-r-Furnished room. :
FOURTH ave., 323 — Room to let," furnished. ,
FOLSOM, 72S— Furnished rooms.
FOLSOM. 613— Furnished room to let.-
FOLSOM, 614 — Large basement ; for storage to
let. -."--: - ;■- ..•.---.■■.-. . . .;; ■■• ■ . .:
FOLSOM. 814— Sunny furnished rooms to
FRANKLIN, 1439 — Handsomely furnished
room to' let. \ .
FOLSOM. 923%— Furnished , rooms. . ; ;, C '
FOURTEENTH. Sunny front room. - i .
FOLSOM, 739— Nice furnished rooms to let.
/FOLSOM.f <;j."^-Nice r front Voorn~ suitable" for
one or,twG;»rentlcmen.
FELL, 413— Furnished I rooms ■ to" let. ~
FIFTH.; 401-- r RoomV
FOLSOM. f.1.1— Furnished rooms ' tojU^fif •.'•
BOOMS TO IiET— Turn, and Unfurn.
FRANKLIN. 418— Furnished rooms.
FIFTH, 118— Two nicely furnished rooms; bay
window; ; reasonable:
FOLSOM. 714 — Furnished rooms to let.
FULTON. 318— Room to let.
FOLSOM. 923%— Furnished room. 4 ;
FREELON. 14—4 unfurnished rooms.
FREELON. 10 — 4 unfurnished rooms.
FIRST ave.. 545— Furnished sunny room to let.
FIFTH. 21g— Furnished rooms for ladles.
FREELON. 11— Unfurnished rooms to let.
FIFTH, 327 — Furnished rooms to let.
i FILLMORE, 8008 — Sunny rooms: cheap.
FOLSOM, 574^ — Unfurnished rooms to let
FRANKLIN, 1047— Nicely furnished room.
FILLMORE. 129%— Rooms to let
FOLSOM. 1036% — Rooms to let furnished or
unfurnished.
FILLMORE, 213 — Roomers for 1 large surmy
room.
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission — Rooms 3So
to $1 25 night: $1 60 to $6 wk.; reading-room.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 311— Nicely furnished
sunny rooms.
GROVE. 214%— Room. -
GEARY. 1418 — Nicely furnished room, grate,
etc.; private; reasonable.
GOUGH. 1311 — One furnished sunny room to
let.
GEARY, 624— Sunny rooms. $10 month up.
GROVE. 6S5 — Unfurnished rooms to let , ■.. y
GREENWICH, 1929 — Large unfurnished room.
GREEN. 728— Furnished room.
GEARY, 756 — Furnished rooms to let vr<;
GEARY. 620 — Sunny furnished rooms to let.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 639 — Front parlor ' for
rent; U3e of kitchen.
GREEN. 622 — Rooms to rent
GEARY. 676 — Newly furnished front room In
rear; $7; suitable for 1 or 2.
GREEN. 429 — Sunny room. \ r ', >
GROVE. 212 — Room to iet. . ■ ■
GEARY, 74 — Furnished rooms.
GEARY. 727— Elegantly furnished single rooms
to let.
GRANT ave., 8 — Nlcr room to let
GREENWICH. 072— i< ui nished room to rent
GUERRERO, 317 — Furniahed room to let
GEARY. 1418— Sunny room In private family.
GROVE, 635 — Furnished rooms to let
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1033 — Three nicely fur-
. nished sunny rooms, gas, bath and all con-
veniences.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 439 — Furnished room to
let.
GREENWICH, 861%— One single furnished
room in private family; bath and all con-
veniences. ... . .
LOCUST ave.. 613. off Laguna, bet MeAllls-
- ter i and Golden Gate ave. — Room to let.
GEARY, 1324— Sunny" room to let
GUERRERO, 208 — Large sunny, room.
GROVE. 408% — Furnished rooms to' let.'
GOLDEN. GATE ave.. 858 — Rooms to let.
GREENWICH, 914 — Sunny furnished room.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 357— Newly furnished
sunny rooms; also singles to let.
GEARY. 493 — Fin* furnished front sunny room
for two gentlemen.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1568 — Furnished rooms.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 323— Furnished room to
let.
GROVE. 210 — Room.
, GOLDEN GATE ave.. 631 — Nice . furnished
rooms, single or en suite.
GROVE, 31— Furnished rooms to let;*
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 630— Nicely furnished
front room for rent.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 927 — Furnished room
to let -■_'■ •
GREEN, 2182— Two large well-furnished rooms'
In new flat.
GOUGH. 723— Furnished room.
GREENWICH, 1929 — Unfurnished room. -
GREEN. 707% — One sunny front room to. let.
GEARY. 376— Suites and singles; reasonable.
GEARY, 368— Large sunny rooms; double and
single.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 420— Large furnished
room. -
GOLDEN GATE ave., 630, cor. Franklin— A
nice eunny front room for rent; a cozy home.
*GLEN PARK ave.. 19— Rooms to let
GOUGH.'- 723^ — Large furnished ; room.
GREEN. - 310— Furnished rooms to ! let
GOLDEN GATE ave., 927— Large furnished
room.
GROVE. 571 — Nice large sunny furnished
rooms; cheap. .
GEARY, 1042— Nice single room for gent
GROVE.- 640 — Furnished room to let
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1033 — Nice sunny room
to;iet. - :■■-/• . •. •
GROVE, ; 622 — Furnished room . to let
GOUGH. 443. near Grove — Furnished rooms.
GEARY. 160— Nice room.''
GOLDEN GATE ave.. XJtt— Furnished rooms.
GROVE, 131— Room to let. '
GOLDEN GATE ave.,- 334— Nicely furnished
. : front rooms.
GOLDEN : GATE ; ave., C32— Furnished rooms.
GROVE, 416— Furnished : room to let
GREEN," C20— Rooms i to ■ let.
GOLDEN , GATE. ; 357— Newly fur.; sunny front
rooms: also single; . ?2 up; hot water,; bath.
GEARY; C46— Large, ' ■ nicely furnished room, I
" . RUltuble for 2 people; rent reasonable. .- - .» ■--
HOWARD, : 715— Furnl*ned*' rooms, single or
double; central location. --
HARRISON, 807— Nicely "furnished front
• ; rooms i to let. \' >":-.
HOWARD; 2119A— Nice furnished 'rooms to let'
HOWARD'fcourt. " 7. * bet. : Fourth s and ■ Fifth-
Sunny ■: furnished room. " '
BOOMS -TO _ET— Turn, and Unfnrn.
HARRIET. 2S7— Nice room, furnished, to let
HYDE, 216— Furnished rooms to let
HAYES. 681— Furnished room to let.
HARRISON. 375— Furnished room to let.
HAYES. 732— Nicely furnished rooms.
HAIGHT. 536 — Furnished rooms.
HOWARD. 15CS — Nice sunny room to rtnt.
HOLLIS. 4 — Sunny front room to let __"
HYDE. 408— One large room to let.
HAWTHORNE. 8— Nice quiet place for fur-
nished rooms'.
HOWARD. 914 — Furnished rooms.
HYDE. 410 — One large room to let
HYDE. 410— One sunny room to let
HOWARD. 688 — Furnished rooms to let
HOWARD. 1901— A neatly furnished room.
HAIGHT. 219— Rooms to let.
'--;''"-"-- — — — WKW %JS8flBiWs5flfflflfcl
HARRISON. IOCS — Sunny front room to let
HOWARD. 1050— Famished rooms to let
HICKORY ave.. 470— Sunny furnished room.
HOPETON terrace. 7 — Large sunny room to let
HOWARD. 1203 — Furnished room to let
HARRISON, 2410. bet 20th and 21st— Sunny
front room, with bath and gas, to let
I " — ;
HARRISON. 672— Furnished rooms and bath.
— —
HOWARD, 560— Furnished rooms to let
HAYES. 464 — Furnished room.
HOWARD House, 1056 ' Howard — Rooms to let
HARRISON. C30 — Sunny front room; suitable
for 2. with private family.
HOWARD, 717 — Sunny furnished rooms to let
HOWARD, 1264 — Sunny front room.
HYDE. 313 — Furnished rooms.
HOWARD 961— A furnished single room to
let.
HOWARD, 920 — Furnished rooms for rent;
cheap.
HICKORY ave., 26 — Furnished rooms.
HOTEL REOINA. 416 Turk— Handsomely fur-
nished single rooms, with bath. . -.
HARRISON. 784%. near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished sunny rooms; homelike; $1 week up.
HOWARD. 1050 A— Nice furnished rooms; rent
cheap. . ' ■ - - *i
/* — -
HARRISON, COC— Room.
HOWARD. 1973 — Furnished rooms.
HOWARD, 828, flat A, near Fourth — Large
sunny front room.
HAMPTON place. 1. off Harrison— Unfurnished
rooms.
HOWARD. 2041— Furnished room to let !
HARRISON, 1443 — Sunny furnished rooms to
i*t. ,. y
HOWARD, 1208— Furnished room to 1st.
HOWARD. 1330— Room to let
HOWARD. '1207 — Light sunny room to rent.
HAYES. 653— Furnished rooms to let
HYDE. 2413 — Furnished room.
HOWARD. 640^ — Sunny room, grate; $2 23.
HYDE, 1549— Rooms to let.
HAIGHT. 60— Nice furnished rooms.
HAIGHT. 56— Rooms to let
HAIGHT. 48 — Neat furnished room to let
HAIGHT. 90^ — Furnished rooms. .
HOWARD, 1167 — Sunny front room.
HOWARD. 1351 — Nice furnished room.
HAIGHT, 218-^Furnlshed rooms to let
HAIGHT. 61 — Sunny front furnished poms. •
HAYES. 642 — Furnished rooms.
HOWARD. 1568 — Furnished rooms. •
I HARRISON, 676 — Furnished room.
* mi
HOPETON terrace. 16— Rooms to let
HOWARD, 647 — Furnished rooms to let
HYDE. 2214 — Rooms to let, furnished or unfur-
nished ; nice rooms, single or double.
HARRISON. 625— Nicely furnished rooms.
HOWARD, 1074 — Furnished rooms.
HARRISON. 731— Furnished rooms to let
HOWARD, 925— Nicely furnished rooms for
rent, cheap. *,
HAIGHT. 115— Furnished room to let.
HARRIET, S7t> — A nice sunny front room.
HAYES. 472 — Sunny rooms.
HAYES, 637 — Furnished room.
HAYES, 447— One furnished room to let
HAYES. 1405 — Unfurnished room to let
HYDE. 537— Furnished room.
HYDE. ' 7 — One furnished room.
HARRISON, 673— Furniahed room.
A LARGE furnished room to let Apply 1S01
Howard st.
♦ ■
HOWARD. 704 — Furnished rooms to let
HARRISON.* 608 — Furnished rooms . to let
HARRISON, . 710— Single room and bath.
HARRISON. 660 — Furnished room; running
i water; gas. '
HARRISON, 641— Furnished room.
HA RRISON, 618— Furnished room.
HOWARD. 860— Rooms to let.
HATES,. 136. . corner Van ' Ness ave. — Large
sunny room; suitable for gentleman.
HYDE, 5%— Furnished rooms.
HYDE, 6 — Furnished rooms.
HYDE, 8 — Furnished 'rooms.
IVY ave.. 112 — Lance , unfurnished room.
IVY ave.. 1 633— Room.
BOOMS TO _ET — rnrn. and TJnfum,
JACKSON. 1174 — Newly furniiheU s>unny sun-,
also single room; reasonable; marine vl«w;
walking distance.
JESSIE. 323— Large front parlor; gas rang#;
water; $3 to $3 75 week; central.
JONES. 307 — One large cunny room; reason-
able.
JONE3. 520— Furnished rooms.
JONES. 518— Large room.
JESSIE. 621 — Rooms to let
JESSIE. 328 — Sunny rooms to let.
JESSIE. 316 — Furnished room.
JONES. 317— Furtlshed rocm to let.
JESSIE. 405 — Furnished room.
JESSIE. 656 — Nice furnished room.
JESSIE. 542^ — Sunny furnished rooms from SI
to ?S. < . !v
JESSIE, S24 — Nice single room.
JESSIE, 450% — Furnished room.
JESSIE. 450% — Neatly furnished room.
JACKSON. 1250— Furnished rooms to let
JONES, 1721 — Furnished rooms to let
JESSIE. 32 1 — Furnished rocms to let
JACKSON. 1022— Furnished room, to let
JESSD3. 447% — Furnished rooms to let.
JULIA. 42^ — Furnished rooms to let.
JONES. 620 — Furnished rooms to let
JONES. 319 — Furnished rooms to let
JONES. 319 — Furnished rooms.
JESSIE. 42^ — Furnished rooms.
JESSIE. 82— Furnished rooms for working
people.
JACKSON, 1175. cor. Jones — Sunny front fur-
nished room; private family.
JESSIE, 630 — To let nicely furnished room:
$1 50 per week.
JACKSON. 120. «ear Jones — 1 large sunny
room; running water: suitable for 2; also
1 single room.
JERSEY. 841. bet Twenty-fourth and Twen-
ty-fifth, near Castro-st. carhouse— To let. 3
unfurnished front rooms; gas.
JESSIE, 813% — Furnished rooms to let
KEARNT, 419 — Sunny furnished front room
to let
KEARNT. 315— Rooms to let,
KEARNT. 418— Nice, front, sunny rooms at
$2 50 per week; $10 per month.
KENTUCKY. 1742— Nice, sunny front room Xm
let
KEARNT. 2C9 — Front single room,
KEARNT, 425— Furnished rooms.
KEARNT. 305. corner Bush— Nicely furnished
rooms and bath.
LJNDEJT are.. 873 — Unfurnished rooms to let.
LILT ave.. 112 — Furnished room to let.
LEAVENWORTH. 2243— Room to 1st.
LEA VKN WORTH, 113 — Furnished room to let.
LOCUST ave., 606%. off I— gunsj — Front sunny
furnished room. $6.
LAGUNA. 640^ — Sunny furnished rooms, to let.
LARKIN. <29— 43tmny rooms to 1st.
LARKTN, 429 — Sunny rooms.
LEAVENWORTH, 847 — Sunny . suites, with
bath. .-'
LTBERTT, 604. near Castro— Two or mor»
modern sunny unfurnished rooms; warm
belt; adults; reference.
LILT ave.. 14 — Furnished room.
LARKIN. 327%— Elegantly furnished rooms to
let •
LANGTON. 313— Rooms to 1st.
LAGUNA. 1103— Large sunny furnished room
with board.
LILT ave., 25 — A nice; sunny room.
LARGE bay-window room in the warm belt
of the Mission.. Box 1544, Call.
LARKIN. 413 — Large gunny room for house-
keeping; bath and gas.
LYON. 1401 — Nice single' room; also houso-
keeping rooms to let
LAGUNA. 1314— Room to let
LAGUNA. 618 — One furnished room.
LEAVENWORTH, 347— Furnished sunny
rooms to let; steam heated.
LARKIN, 429^ — Furnished room to let
LILT ave., 14^ — Furnished front room to let
LEXINGTON. 164 — Furnished room.
LAFAYETTE. 35 — Rooms to let
LOCUST ave.. 608% — To let, sunny parlor
room, SS.
LILY ave., 3CSV3 — Sunny front room for lady,
with or without board.
LEAVENWORTH. 606, near Geary — Furnished
room.
LANGTON, 120— Rooms to let
LINDEN ave., 250% — Furnished room to let.
LINDEN ave.. 250— Furnished room to let
LLOTD. 21B — A furnished room to let
LINDEN ave.. 365 — Furnished room to let.
LARKIN. 804— Sunny furnished rooms to let
LARKIN. 431 — Single sunny rocm ; male.
LARKIN, 431— Housekeeping; sunny.
'■ LANGTON, 136 — Furnished rooms.
LARKIN. 327% — Rooms to let.
LARKIN, 1149— Single and housekeeping
rooms.
LARKIN. 131S— Neatly furatahed room with
bath, in new flat; gentleman oaly.
MARKET. 1049 (The Falmouth) — Sunny rooms-
$2 50 to $7 week; baths; elevator.
METROPOLITAN Hotel. 123 Third st.— *0O
single and family rooms 35c to $1 30 per day
$2 to M per week; the only new and modern
hotel and rooming-house in Saa Francisco
that has office on ground floor, hot and colJ
water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
In every room and gives free baths and ele-
vator service day and night to its guests.
MARKET. 1104— Furnished rooms to lef
McALUSTER. 9.T5— Rcora to let
MINNA. 43t— Furnished room to let
! MASON, 1710— Furnished room to let
MISSION. 836— Fine furnished rooms to, 1st.
MARKET. 1654— Furnished rooms to 1st.SOO3-S TO LET— rurn. aad BaXoxn.
'.Ml-yi'-'X. M3-A front room to W. i
V^Ki:T. «93-Fi:nil5hed roorcs.
•-U.-glC-X. 2M4-Kurr.ishrJ nam.
MA&— ifcM, fl" — Furnished rocms.
" MARKET. 1SC_ — Furnished rooms to let
•MIXXA. 4CSB — Fursisaea room to rent
. . _____ ,
11INXA. M»— Furnished room to let
.— _____
MAPOX. Si*-Rocm to let.
MAHKCT. 71»— 6aany rccm to let 1 "'
— — — ,
MIXXA. HO— Fural s_ed room to let
-HSglOX. 10S5— Large sunny room . '
MARKET. 737— Coiy rocra. $10 month; sult-
■MDle lor a gentleman; running water.
MISSIOX. nS2-Fro_t room to rent
• ____:
.MORRIS ave.. 106— Furnished room to let
MOXTGOMERY. 1233— One furnished room to
let.
AIINXA. 225— Rooms.
MARKET. 765— Furnished rooms to let
MISSIOX. S37A — Furnished rooms.
MISSION. 810— Furnlstoed rooma.
MISSION. 1641 — 6unny room to let"
MISSION. -514— Furnished rooms to let.
MARKET. 1503%— Furnished rooms.
MARKET. 1773 — Furnished rooms to let
MIXXA. 541— Sur.r.y room to let
McALLISTER. 405 — Furnished room to let "
-MISEIOX. 22C0 — A furnished front room to let
T .
MASOX. 1022 — Furnished rooms to let
MASON. 615A— Sur.ny furnished room with or
without board; lady preferred.
—
MTXXA 325— Rooms to let.
,-
LAOl'SA. PI0 — Furnished and unfurnished
rooms; reasonable.
i
MOXTGOMERY. 10ft — Furnished rooms.
MISSIOX. S40 — Furnished rooms to let
_____ |
MARKET. 1727 — Sunny furnished room to let
.MARKET. 1510 — FurnUhed rooms t» let.
MISSIOX. 91S— Furnished rooms to let
— —
MISSIOX. 1061—8 furnished rooms to let
MISSION. C28— Xeatly furnUhed room.
• _==
•MCALLISTER. CS2— Room to let
MASOX. ice *— Furnished rooms to let.
MCALLISTER, rC2— Xicely furnished room to
___;
1TT??IOX. in53 — Large front room, with run- I
nlng water, fireplace, large closet.
—-— — j
5IISSIOX, 1129— Furnished rooms to let
MISSIOX. 1(H3— Furnished rooms to let
• ■ !
-MARKET 1104 — Sur.ny furnished front rooms ;
to let
, „ I
ilARKET. £00— Sunny furnished rooms to let i
ilARKET. 1206 — Sur.ny furnished rooms to let. I
——————— ~* i
MOXTGOMERY. 13— Furnished rooms to let
MOOX. 14 — One room to rent
MARKET, 1725 — Room to let.
MISSIOX. 573 — I_rte front room with double j
" b*rd and 6tove; ;."
McALLISTEn. 130— Xloely furnished front
room; sunny, bath, private family.
MIESIOX. 12C1— Furnished room.
MISSION. KKJfc— Furnished rooms and bath;
' . reasonable.
. MCALLISTER, 533 — Large furnished room.
•MINNA C"; I, — Xicely furnished room; gas and i
• bath. I
-MARKET, 1«* — One furnfehed room to let.
MISSION. 851 — Sunny furnished rooms to let
MISSIFFIPFI. 338 — Small sunny front room for
• gentleman.
'..;■;. ______"
MASOX. 406 — Furnished single rooms.
MADXSOSf ave.. 25 — FurnlshM room to let.
• MARKET. 1847— Nice large furn'.thed room.
MCALLISTER. 8C4— Rooms to let
MASOX. 1014A — Furnished room to let.
.MIXXA. 636— Furnished rooms to let.
• MIXXA. 321— Furnished room to let
MCALLISTER. :iSA— Pleasant sunny room;
p_o_e; rent $6.
MISSION, 276S — Xlrely furnished room for
' men.
MIXXA. MCA— rurnlshed room.
• MIXXA. 12S— Furnished rooms to let
' MASON. 821. near Pine^ — Xicely furnished
- ..:.r . room.
R MISSIOX. 033— Room.
MARKET. 1S20— Furnished rooms; rent reas-
or—ible.
XTISSJOX, U'O? — Furnished rooms to let
MINNA. 217 — Furr.lFiied rooms to let.
MISSIOX. 1030— Sunny furnished rooms to let
VIXXA. !■:_— Fumish«-d rooms to let .
MISSION. S34 — Furnished room to let
MISSIOX. 4_5 — Fuminned room to let.
MIXXA. K!U— FuraiFhfd rocks.
MIXXA. 257 — Rpoms to let.
MASOX. 211*7 — Furni*h«l rooms to let
______
MOSS. 21 B — A fuml5h<"d room.
______ '
MASON. 1 C_3'i— Sunny room to let
MARKET. 12<i7— Furnished room to let
-.MISSION. 775 — FurnUhKl room to let.
MIXXA, C52 — Furnished rooms to let
VlSJiilOX. 1123 — Rocms to let
1I1SSIOX. 1049 — Large sunny room to let suit-
able for 2 gentlemen.
MASOX. 1710 — Furnished room to 1st
BOOMS TO _ ST—^ Porn, and TJnf urn.
MASON. 1000, near Sacramento— Room to let
MIXNA. 22£— Room."^
MIXXA. S17— Fumfrhed rooms to let j
MARKET. 1518 — Furnished rooma to let.
MCALLISTER. 1116— Furnished rooms to let
MONTGOMERY. 121— Rooms to let
MONTGOMERY. 109— Sunny rooms.
MONTGOMERY. 127— Rooms to let
MOXTGOMERY. 131— Furnished rooms.
MARKET, 1007 H— Sunny furnished rooms to
let
( MARKET. 1597— Furnished room.
MARKET. 1555— Rooms to let !
-— ;
MARKET. 1206— Furnished rooms.
j .*■ ,. !
j MONTGOMERY. 109— Furnished . rooms. j
MARKET. '2146— Furnished room.
i ■ I
MARKET. 1S02 — Furnished rooms.
MISSION. 1C55— Nice sunny rooms; $1 75 and
$2 per week.
MARKET. 1015— Furnished rooms to let
11 " '— ■ -■-!■-■ "-_ ■■ ■linn — — -—- i ■-----—--— (
MARKET. 1513 y»— Furnished rooms to let
MISSION. 823 — Furnished rooma, - */
MISSION". 1002 — Furnished rooma.
MISSION. 1371— Sunny furnished rooms to let
■ | _______—_______-_-_--_
MINNA. 244 — One furnim-ed room.
MINNA, S29 — Furnished room to let
■ zm: '■
MISSION. 838— Rocms to let: furnished. &ftn
MARKET. 1727— Rooms to let j
MISSION, 810— Two unfurnished rooms to let j
MARKET. 265SB^ — Nice sunny bay window •
room; newly furnished; gasi gentlemen; reaa, j
J MISSION. 1423— Rooms to let '
I ~~~~I_
j MINNA. 1036 — Furnished room.
MISSION, 2419 — A sunny alcove room in new j
flat; $l6. ■ j
MISSION. 799— Rooms to let furnished.
i MISSION. 8010 — A nice furnished room.
i MISSION. 2562— Pleasant room In private
family: board optional. \
MINNA. 429^— Rooms to let I
MISSION. 1524— Furnished rooms.
MINNA. 429— Nice furnished room.
MINNA. 264 % — A front room.
McAUJSTER, 416, flat 3 — Nice sunny fur-
nit-hed double room, suitable 1, 2 gentlemen.
j MINNA. -25— Room. j
I MISSION. 925 — Large sunny room to let
j
j MINNA. 659A— Furnished front room.
: AIASOX. 213^4 — Large front suite, first floor; '
other rooms; quiet place. - <»>J
j NATOMA. 707— Furni-hed room. |
! NATOMA. 666— Room to let.
! NOB. 241 — Furnished room to let
I .
NATOMA. 63 — Rooms to let
______
NATOMA. 69 — Furnished rooms to let
______^ _________ j
j NATOMA. 582— Furnished room to let !
' NINETEENTH. 4239 — One single furnished
room in private family; bath and all con- ;
" veniences. i
NATOMA. 414— Room to let. I
NOE. 577 — Single front and pleasant room;
reasonable.
NATOMA. 632*4 — Sunny furnished rooms.
NATOMA. 1031 — Nice furnished room.
NOME. 9 — Furnished rooms to let
NATOMA. 61 — Unfurnished room to let with
carpet
NATOMA. 214 — Furnished room to let
j . — ■
; .
1 NATOMA. 533 — Furnished room.
NATOMA. 606 — Furnished room to let
NATOMA, 189 — Furnished room to let
NINTH ave., 1555 — Furnished room for ons
gentleman.
XATOMA. 4C0H— Furnished front room for
two young men.
NATOMA. 245 — Furnished rooms.
NINETEENTH, 125— One furnUhed room, $8.
XATOMA, 615 — Furnished room. $6 a month.
NATOMA. 450 — One furnished room to let
MRS. COHX.
XATOMA, C22H— Furnished rooms to let
XATOMA. 577 — Sunny front room.
CFARRELL. 556 — Single* room; neatly fur-
Bished - quiet block, near business center. .
O'FARRELL, 1719 — Sunny front room for man.
O'FARRBLL. 806— Xew house; nicely furnish-
ed rooms.
OAK. 42, near Market— Large sunny furnished
parlor.
OCTAVIA. 418— Room and board.
OAK. 16 — Room to rent
■ OAK, 537— Furnished room to let
O'FARRELL, 408^ — Sunny furnished rooms to
let ; ,.,.-..,
OCTAVIA. 1435 — Sunny furnished room.
OCTAVIA. 1207— Sunny back room in private
family.
OLIVE ave., 5G4— Xicely furnished sunny front
room; reasonable. v
OCTAVIA, 1155— Fine room; suitable for gen-
tleman.
O' FARRELL. 1127— Room to_let. . .
O'FARRELL. 579— Elf gant furnished rooms.
OAK. 221 — Xice furnished room.
OAK, 314 — Furnished rooms to. let
O'FARRELL, 1T21 — A sunny furnished room;
reasonable.
O'FARRELL. 419— Furnished rooms to let for
gentlemen. ■
O'FARRELL. 624— Room to let . ' . ■ .
OCTAVIA, 303 — Furnished room to let Vl ..'/
Or FARRELL. 556 — Front rooms to let.
MISSIOX
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. DECEMBER 4, 1904.
BOOMS TO LET — Turn, and TJnfnrn. j
O'KAllREXL. 5S2— Two furnished rooms to
Itt
OTARRELL. 208— Xicely furnished sur.ny
Iront rooms; also single, $2 50 up.
j OTARHE-L, 750— Tarnished rooms.
Tj,: -.-; ■"• "'i^'/f,..; ______
OFARRELL. 628 — Rooms to let.
OLIVE ave.. 500 — Sunny furnished room.'^Vo
POST, <12%— Elegant sunny front bay-window
parlor; running water; suitable for two.
PAGE. 20— Xeat room, private house. $6.
PAGE, 502 — Nicp-. all outside rooms; running
water; bath; new; private family.
PHILADELPHIA HOUSE. 203 Perry st. nr.
Fourth — XlcHy furnished front rooms, $1 23
to $2 per week. ' ■> "-: " '
POWELL. 19— Elegantly furnished room to let j
day, week or month. . j
POWELL. 702 — Xicely furnished sunny bay- j
window rooms, single or en suite; reasonable, j
' PINE place. 16 — Neatly furnished room. !
■ POLK. 1625— Furnished room to let
i POST. 418 — Furnished roomsj
POST, 1064 — Furnished rooms to let J
POST. 713 — Pleasant sunny furnished rooms.
PAGE. S4 — Furnished room for gentleman.
UNION. C27— Room to let.
POWELL. 1421 — ftoom to let :
POLK. 336. cor. McAllister, 1 block from City
Hall — Single front room for gentleman.
PAGB, 1551— Neatly furnished room.
POWELL, 224 — Furnished rooms to 1st
POWELL, 233 — Elegant rooms; week or
/month.
PAGB, 456 — Unfurnished room to let
PAGE. 204— Room to let.
j !
I PAGE. 651 — Furnished room to let
! POST. 1944— Furnished room; private family;
bath; phone.
' POST. 928 — Nicely furnished room for 2 gen-
'■ tie men. .7 f \,-y.r-1 ■■■ ■ - • .;-•_.
I POWELL. 218 — Furnished rooms to let.
POWELL. 1516— Room to let
PINE. 1523— Well furnished front room; bath,
! gas and phone.
; POWELL. 1005— Nicely furnished suite and
single rooms to let
POWELL, 415 — Sunny furnished rooms; gas,
bath; $6 and $10 month. ..-.■-■-
', POINT LOBOS ave.. 815— Furnished room to
let -
j
•PRESIDIO ave., 842 — Nice sunny room to let
j _z___ ~^
PINE, 732— Large front room and bath; good
furniture; reasonable. ,
PINE. 644— Furnished room to let
PAGB. 641— Rooms to let
i PINE, 1006— Furnished room to let
• POST. -707%— Furnished room to let '.-.
POWELL. 603 — Furnished rooms.
POWELL. 608 — Sunny room to let ■
; POWELL. 1014 — Furnished rooms to let
! POST, 418 — Furnished rooms to let
POST, 631 — Sunny furnished rooms.
POWELL, 408 — Sunny room to 1st
PO W ELL, 982 — Furnished rooms.
PAGE, 1776 — 8 elegant rooms; rent reasonable.
PAGE, 1776 — One furnished room to let
; PRESIDIO ave., 842 — Sunny front room to let
-___ .
PINE. 1735— Elegantly furnished rooms.
PINE. 1733 — Sunny furnished room; reason-
able.
PIERCE, 119 — Two furnished rooms to let
PINE, 415 — Furnished room to let
POWELL, 840 — Furnished room to let V
POST, 610% — Neatly furnished room; reason-
i able.
POST. 1719 — Three rooms to let
PINE, 775 — Modern bay window suits; phone;
bath; reasonable.
POST, 1719— Front room to let
POWELL, 1525— Rooms to rent
POTRERO ave., 1108%— Furnished room to
let.
POST. 1365 — Furnished room.
POLK, 207% — Small furnished rooms to let;
rent cheap.
PERRY. 223— Rooms to let
POST, 409 — Rooms to let
PINE, 666 — Nice furnished room.
PERRY. 49. corner Third — For rent nicely fur-
nished front room; suitable for a couple or
two men. | ,
POST, 2422 — A nice sunny front room.
PINE, 1854— Furnished room to let
POST, 2019 — Furnished room.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
1 lor; rooms per night. 35c to $1 50; week. $3
to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
RINGOLD. 18— Rooms to let
RAILROAD ave., 124. San Mateo— Furnished
room.
RUSS. 167 — Front room to let
* "HI]I^— _
RUSS. 129 — Room to let.
RAILROAD ave. South. 504 — A nice room.'
' ! RITCH. 236— Rooms to let.
t ROOM to rent: nice room, suitable for gentle-
man; references. . Box 1570, Call offlce.
RITCH. 236 — Furnished front room to . let
RUSS. ■ 44 — Rfpras to let.
SACRAMENTO. 1514—1 or 2 desirable rooms
also large sunny front parlor; piano; phone
Larkln 2025.
SIXTH. 224— Nicely furnished single front
room, bath Included, $2 per week. •■
SEVENTH. ' 140 — Sunny furnished rooms.
SAN BRUNO ave.. ,1470 — Furnished rooms to
SUTT_R, 25C5 — One room and basement."
SOUTH PARK. 115B— Furnished rooms. ■.
STEINER, 123— Front ' and back parlor; mod-
-. ern : flat." . - . • • ■" . , •_ . . ■ ■ . .
fiAXSOMR. 621 — _ Bunnv furnished room to let.
ROOMS TO LUT— yurn. and TTnfurn.' ■■
SUTTER, 935— Newly papered front alcove un- j
furnished room; two closets. - •
SOUTH PARK, 13— A nice sunny furnished
room. j
. . r I
SAN JOSE ave.. 2217— Furnished rooms to let
SILVER. 114% — Furnished rooma to let.
STEVENSON. 620 — Sunny front room, grate;
double or single.
SECOND, 433 — Furnished rooms.
_HJV-!NTH. 429 — Furnished room.
BUTTER, 2614 — Room to let; gentleman pre-
• ferred.
SUTTER. 2619 — Room to let.
STEVENSON. 774^ — Room to let
SILVER, 64 — Furnished rooms.
SEVENTH ave., 764. near Fulton — Furnished
room with bath; $5 month. . ■
SECOND, J2S— 3 unfurnished rooms to let i
STOCKTON. 1530— Furnished room to let
SIXTH. 426— Sunny room to let
8ILV— U. 120% — Housekeeping rooms.
SIXTEENTH. 8424— Furnished room to let
STOCKTON, 216 — Front furnished rooms to
lot " •
SUTTER. 804 — Sunny furnished rooms to let
BUTTER. 805 — Sunny furnished rooms to let
SCOTT, 248— Nloe room to let
STEUART. IS — Furnished rooms to rent*
STEVENSON. 1210— Furnished rooms to let .
stevenson] 635— two «ou_ie furnished
rooms.
SILVER, IT — One nicely furnished room.
BUTTER, 809 — Furnished ,roo— .
SECOND, 204— Furnished room to let
SEVEN TIC JON TH, 8578 — Rooms to let
SIXTH, 506 — 2 sunny single furnished rooms;
$5 month; private family. :..•.,?,
BTEVBNSON, 620 — Nice furnished rooms; rent
cheap.
SIXTH IK NTH, 8178 — Rooms to let ,
SIXTEENTH, 2S22 — Sunny furnished room.
SEVENTH, 888— A nice sunny room.
SACRAMENTO, 1617 — 8 unfurnished rooms to
let.
SEVENTH ave., 555 — Sunny room; gas; bath.
BUTT— R, 2716 — Room to let; apply upper flat
SUTTER. 427 — Furnished rooms.
BUTTER, 418 — Furnished rooms.
SOUTH PARK. 106 — Front room to rent
BUTTER, * 1728 — Rooms and board.
SHOT WE'LL. 827 — Room to let unfurnished.
STEVENSON. 1871 — Furnished room to let
SILVER, 167 — Room for a gentleman.
STOCKTON. 1813— Furnished rooms to 1st
SIXTEENTH, 8275 — Rooms to let.
SIXTEENTH. 8241 — Rooms to let .
STEVENSON. 541 — Furnished rooma.
SECOND, 212— Furnished rooms.
STEVENSON, 643%— Rooms to let
STOCKTON, TIT — Two rooms, nicely furnished.
STEVENSON, 1395 — Room to let
SANCHEZ, 1514 — Furnished rooms to let
SECOND, 422 — Nice furnished room.
SIXTH, 140 — Furnished rooms at reasonable
rates.
SOUTH PARS, 180 — Furnished room.
SACRAMENTO, 1004 — Furnished room to let
SCOTT. 511— Room to let
SOUTH PARK, 145— Two furnished rooms to
let
SIXTH, 314 — Furnished rooms.
SHIPLEY, 208 — Furnished rooms.
SUTTER, 861 — Strictly first-class up to date
rooms.
SUTTER, 2100— Furnished room with board,
suitable for one or two; piano; home com-
forts.
SIXTH. 224 — Good furnished rooms to let
STOCKTON. 1315 — Roomers wanted.
STOCKTON. 1433— Booms to let.
SECOND, 433— Furnished rooms.
SOUTH PARK. 130— Room.
SOUTH PARK, 128— Rooms.
SOUTH PARK. 81— Furnished rooms.
BUTTER. 2514 V4— Nicely furnished rooms. Call
11 to 2 p. m. . -
STEVENSON, 797H. near Ninth — Nicely fur-
nished room, with double bed; $1 50 week.
SUTTER. 1105 — Large front bay-window room;
running water; grate; cloneta; $12; other
rooms. -
SILVER, 57— Furnished rooms.
SILVER, 167— A sunny room for a gentleman.
SILVER, 148— Furnished rooms.
SILVER, 151— Furnished rooms.
STEVENSON.' 648 — Furnished rooms to let.
SAN JOSE ave., 267— A newly furnished sunny
room.
SHOTWELL, 752— Rooms to let
STEVENSON, 213— Room. .
SIXTEENTH. 2881— Rooms to let
STEVENSON, 261-^Sunny furnished room.
SEVENTEENTH. . 3415— Rooms to • let
STOCKTON. 1715—2 furnished rooms.
STOCKTON.' 707— Small room to let
TEHAMA, 321— Front room, suitable for 2 $3-
for one, $2., : ' ., . . " .
THE LARCHMONT, 361 Sutter— New man-
agement; new. bldg.: i finely furnished., with
hot ' and cold . water. - steam heat > and baths :
fine location and reasonable rates. , , ..
!.TIIRK - -1042 — FurnUhed room '. to let -
■ BOOMS TO LET— rnnt. and TJnfarn.
THE ST. KATHRYN. CORNER ELLIS AND
LEAVEXWORTH STS.— POSITIVELY THE
SUNNIEST ROOMS IN THE CITY; XEW
KAXITARY HAIR MATTRESSES. BATHS.
ELKCTKC LIGHTS. TELEPHONE SERV-
ICE. HOT AND COLD WATER; EVERY
MODERN CONVENIENCE: ELEVATOR
ALL HOUR3; ROOMS FROM $3 WEEK.
TEJ * TH . I 28 — ■*■ nicely furnished room.
TAYLOR, 600— Furnished rooms to let ,
TURK. 2021 — Furnished rooms to let
THIRD 7S — Furnished • rooms.
■■ ■
THIRD, 75— Furnished rooms. *
THIRD. 87— Furnished rooms. ,
THIRTEENTH, 270 — Large room to let
THIRD, 530 — Sunny furnished rooms to let
reasonable. ; ;; . ■--■_ . '.
TENTH, 123 — Furnished rooms to let
TEHAMA. 330— Furnished rooms to let; light
and sunny. .-„;.;■ .
THIRD. 137%— Single furnished rooms to rent.
THIRD. 156 — Furnished rooms to Jet
TEHAMA, 330 — Bunny furnished rooms; single
and double.
TAYLOR. 601 — Nicely furnished rooms.
THIRD ave., 232 — Rooms to let
THXRD, ~ 204 — Furnished rooms to let
TWENTY-FOURTH. S407— Nicely fui— shed
front bedroom for rent
TEHAM A. 166 — Sunny rurnlibel room to tot
TURK, 416 — Rooma
TURK, 303^4 — Basement, with 2 good rooms,
unfurnished; $7 month.
TURK. 1617 — Furnished front room for gentle-
man only. ■
THIRTEENTH, 321 — Rooms for rent for gen-
tlemen ; reasonable.
TEHAMA, 826 — Large fur._shed rooms; rent
reasonable.
TREAT ave.. 841 — Furnished room to let.
TURK, 325— Double, itincle anl housekeeping
rooms.
TEHAMA, 08 — Sunny front room to let
TURJC. T17 — Furnished room; gas and bath.
TAYLOR, 1517— Sunny front room. t \ :.;. V..?
tkh-MA. 428 — Furnished rooms to let
THIRD. 230% — Furnished rooms.
THIRD. 121 — Room to let
THIRD, 106% — Sunny furnished rooms to let
THIRD. 119 — Furnished rooms to let
THIRD, 80 — Sunny furnished front rooms to
let
i
THIRD. 812— Rooms to let ;-%":/;•
TENTH, 828% — Nice sunny room to let
TEHAMA. 447 — Single room to rent .
THIRD, 106 — Furnished rooms to let
* ' ■ '
TURK, 404-^Furnlshed rooms. ' ,~7T^
TURK, 816 — Single rooms for gentlemen of
good standing.
THIRD, 817 — Furnished room to let
THIRD. 100— Room to let
THIRD. 817 — Furnished room to let
THIRD, 444% — Front room to let -\j' >
TEHAMA, 889 — Furnished room to let ;;■;£-»:.
TEHAMA, 448 — Furnished . rooms to let
THIRTEENTH. 288 — Good sunny front room,
$7 per month.
THIRD, 107 — Sunny furnished rooms to let.
TURK, 122 — Sunny furnished room to let
TAYLOR, 477 — Two rooms to let
TURK. 118 — Large furnished room.
TEHAMA, 480 — FurnUhed room to let
THIRD. 230— Furnished room.
TKHAMA, 821 — Furnished room to let
THIRD, 404 — Furnished rooms to let
TWENTY-THIRD, 4038 — Furnished room.
TWENTY-FOURTH. 8407— Nicely furnished
bedroom to let. $2 per week.
TWO fine furnished or unfurnished rooms;
grand view; bath gas, etc.; very low. Ad-
dress box 1619. Call.
TEHAMA, . 209 — A nice sunny front room to let
THIRD, 80^ — Sunny room to let.
TEHAMA, 42D-«-A furnUhed room.
TURK, 122 — Furnished rooms to let ...
TURK, 717 — Furnished room to let
THIRD, 4^4 — Room to' let
TEHAMA. 62-^Fumlshed rooms to 1st
THIRD, 309 — Fumlahed room to let.
TEHAMA. 62— Furnished room. ■
THIRD, 233 — Rooms.
TURK, 1161— Rooms with board.
TENNESSEE, 1105%, Potrero— Furnished
room; ?S month. . ■ . ' ■ :
TAYLOR. 709,* near Sutter^ — Sunny - furnished
front room; garden; suit for 2; $11 month.'
TURK, 801%— Sunny furnished room. r>
TURK. 627-^One or two young m«n wanted to
- room . In private family.
UNION, 2212 — Sunny room to let •
UNION. 1214 — Furnished rooms. '
UTAH, 010— Furnished room. -V'->
UNION, 1210— Sunny rooms.
VALLEJO, 342 — Furnished rooms to let -
.VALENCIA; 1415— Rocms to let
VALENCIA, 204A— -Sunn" alcove room.
VALENCIA. 1025— 2 furnished rooms to let
VAN , NESS ave., 411—2 furnished rooms.
VALENCIA, 1039— Nice sunny room for rent
VALENCIA. 001%— Furnished rooms. to let
VAESEROT place.. 9-f Sunny, rooms to let
VALENCIA. 1497— Furnished room.
BOOMS TO _i;t — -Turn, and tmfnra.
VAN NESS ave.. 2211— Nicely furnished rooms.
Call Monday, 11 to 2 p. m.
VAN NESS ave., 100S— Furnished rooma; newly
renovated; suites or single.
VAN NESS ave.. 620— Large furnished room.
VAX NESS ave_ 1021— Nicely furnished front
suite; _Tates; running water; $25; other
room, $S.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy. nr. Market — 100
rocmr 33c to $1 night $1 75 to $8 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water In every
room; elevator, read. -room; free bus; baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st. nr. Market —
Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms;
B.'.c to $1 50 nightly; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights: reading-room: free bus; baggage.
WEBSTER. 1352. near CFarrell— Nlcel- fur-
. nished sunny front room.
WEBSTER, 1352— Sunny furnished front room
suitable for gentlemen, with or without
meals.
WEBSTER. 1315 — Sunny front room for a g«a-
tleman. $8 a month.
WEBSTER, 812 — Furnished room. •
WASHINGTON ave.. 14 — Furnished rooms to
let
WILLIAM. 112 — Sunny furnished front room to
let ' .
WALLER, SS2 — Fine sunny room for rent
WASHINGTON. 928— Furnished room.
WASHINGTON ave.. 11 H— Furnished room s.
WALLER, 1828, near Park— Light and runsj
room
'WAS— INQTOK. 728— Room to let
WALLgR. 888— Famished room W rent.
WASHINGTON ave.. 89— Fttr-tobed rooma.
WASHINGTON ave.. 88-— A fur— shed room to
. let
WEBSTER," 1860 — Sunny furnished room; bath.
WANTED — Jolly, respectable girl for room-
mate. Phone Hyde 2411.
ZOB, 85— Unfurnished room.
ZOE. 46— Unfurnished room.
j^ j^^^j»ojaara^AM^BOAJuo.
DEVISADERO, 451, cor. Fell— Well-furnished
sunny room, stationary water, with good
board, for a couple; $45 per month; single,
$25; phone Pag* 677.
Q0UGH, 1118— Select oentral location: modern,
elegantly furnished rooms; detached private
house; sun all day; table unsurpassed; phone
East 1378.
HOTEL L'AIGLON. 601 Geary st— Large
sunny rooms, board; suites, with board for 2
$50 mo.; single, -with board. $23 up; special
family rates; fust renovated. ' . . -;. - ■
WANTED — Room and board, lam sunny room
with private bath and board In private fam-
ily for couple; walking distance from Post
st and Grant ave. Bo_ 141», Call office.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1081. near Jefferson
Park — Furnished front rooms; bath; private
house; good board. $20-$23; 2, $23-$35 month.
COMORA (The), 621 O-FarreU— <}ulet home-
like; excellent service; warm rooms and
balls; best table.
POLK. 699 — Very large elegant sunny rooms,
single and suite: furnished. unfurnished;
extra table board.
BOARD at 1663 Geary at
CALIFORNIA, 807— Best rooms, table and
service in the city for the least money.
ELLIS, 453 — Nice furnished rooms, with good
French table board.
ELLIS 016 — Front room; good home for two
gentlemen.
GEARY, 1213 — Large, beautiful room; running
water: with board.
GUERRERO. 114^ — Bunny rooms with board for
gentlemen: good home; central; reasonable.
HYDE. 12 — Board, with or without room.
HYDE, 131 T — Nicely furnished rooms; good
board; private family; phone.
JOHN. 10— Worklngmen wanted to room and
board.
LARGE, sunny room, suitable for two gentle-
men; home cooking; from $20 up. 1159 Turk.
LEAVENWORTH, 403 — Sunny room, neatly
furnished.
O'FARRELL, 653 — Nicely fur. rms. and board;
German home oooklng: phone Larkln 3670.
PAGE. 254 — Furnished room and board for one
or two gentlemen; private family.
ROOM and board. 8173 Twenty-fourth st
SIXTEENTH. 8646, off Market— Neatly fur-
nlshed rooms; good board; reasonable.
SOUTH PARK. 109— Room with board.
VALLEJO, 1124— Rooms with board.
WANTED — Working girl to board In French
family. Apply 921 Jackson «t. rear.
BOOMS AITD BOARD WAHT-P.
YOUNG gentleman desires lodging, breakfast
dinner, strictly private family; references.
Box 1523, Call offlce.
WANTE_» — Room and board for young girl. 18,
near Cal. Women's Hospital. Box 1585. Call.
BOARD or room In exchange for first-class
town lot Box 12S4. Call offlce.
WANTED — Furnished room and board; central.
Box 1267. Call.
BOOMS W—BTT-rP.
WANTED — In respectable, quiet neighborhood,
2 unfurnished, nice rooms and kitchen for
elderly couple; $10 to $12; best references.
Box 1724. Call.
WANTED— Large room for furniture, show-
room; will lease: must be reasonable; would
divide with some other line. Box 1252, Call.
REFINED, musical Englishman requires rea-
sonable room near Sutter st; first floor. Box
1453. Call office.
YOUNG married couple want three furnished
rooms In private family; rent not over $20.
Box 1335. Call office.
LADY wants sunny furnished room; not over
$5. Box 1055, Call offlce.
WANTED— Nice sunny room; reasonable. Ad-
dress J. 1RWIN. box 1664. Call offlce.
WANTED — 3 housekeeping rooms. Box. 1270,
Call offlce. •
WANTED— To . rent, housekeeping rooms. 980
Jessie st
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
■ 16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year
BOOXXffQ.
ROOFS, sidewalks and cellar floors laid, re-
paired; low prices; work guaranteed. Chicago
Roofing Co.. F. Herrmann. 'm'gr. 606 2d st.
WAMHOTJSTgS. _
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van 1 Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 723-
781 Howard st. nr. Third: phoae Grant 161.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 3 Eddy st;
phone Mint 2941; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage A Moving Co.. of-
fice Poet and Ptwell its.; teL Prt. Ex. 571.
PACIFIC Storage and ' Furniture Moving Corn-
pan), 2320 Fillmore it;, phone Jackson 281.
BEKIX8 Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
st; tel. Main 184a Shipping at cut rates.
acpscxAi ■ groTicrs. ■
A GUARANTEED cure for piles; PETER
FREILING'S pile salve, $1 per box; war.
ranted to cure . all cases of bleeding, itchlnsr,
external. Internal or protruding piles, also
fistula, without fall, no matter how long
standing. ,1628 Devisadero st., near Sutter.
AMELIA PETERSON, renowned business
. counselor and healer: when ' in need of ad-
vfee consult her. S31 Franklin gt.. Oakland.
STOP D-IUKIKO. ~
GUARANTEED cure: send 80c: tablet form":
mallei in ulaln package: has cur*d thou-
sands. L. L. C. CO.. 417 H.ywarrj bldg.. 3.F.
TYPEWB n_RS AND STJPPIO— 33.
AN . exceptionally good No. 2 Remln gton^NoTl
-Smith Premier.: $23; other typewriters al
higher and lower prices: rentals $2 50. Th «
Typewriter Exchange. 636 California st .
ID-HAND * typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster. Typewriting Inspec Co.. 508 Market
SE\vijsOj ■ MAcmria^ A ~3? ■.-5H.^yj'-T!?J??
MAKE Christmas with a gift of a White; best
sewing machine on earth: prices from $10 td
$1(X>: pay only f-i per month If you w|s_
The new retail office, of the White is at 9U
Market st ■
ALL makes; 2d hand. $2. $5. $7. $9; new,$4. %&%
drop head* 5 drawer, golden oak, 513; reateda
repaired; lowest rates. National Automatla
8. M. Co.. 14& Sixth st: teL Jessie 87»t,
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use; beat
is cheapest; second-hand all makes at anj;
price; all kin** rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office, lffli Market it. near 3-tt-.
ALL kinds second-hand $3. $3. $8; slight?
used $10 $19. $20: you know where the dolls
swing In the window. 1051 Market st
ALL kind* bought sold and repatiinfr g-araa-
teed. CHAS. PLAMBECK. 1915 Mission St.
D1V1_>— JTP Z7OXXC— 3.
DIVIDEND notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con.: A dividend. No. 72, of fifty
cents (50c) per share on the Issued capital
stock of the company has been declared, pay'*
able at the offlce of the company, rooms 2—»
204 and 208 Hayward bldg.. San Francisco.
i on December 10, 1904. Transfer books eloss>
December 3. 1904. at noon. C. C Qulan, Sec
* ' ■--————■————■
PBCPOSA—S.
— — ■-.-,— .. ■>... - -- — . ■ ■■ ■ ■■ »
PROPOSALS— Bids wanted— Notice Is hereby
given that seaied propcsals will be re-
ceived by the Board of Directors of tfcs
Veterans' Home of California, at Its offlce.
Room 13. $20 Sanaome at.. San Francisco,
California, up to 11 o'clock a. m., Satur-
day, December 3. 1904, and opened Immedi-
ately thereafter In the presence ot bidders,
for furnishing and delivering quarterma-ter
and commissary vuppltea. etc. for the Vet-
erans* Home, Napa County, California
(railroad station, Yountvtlle. f. & b.). for
six months, commencing January 1, 1908.
and ending June 30. 1908. Schedules wit-
Information and Instruction- for submlttlnr
bids will be furnished upon application by
the undersigned. Bidders will carefully fol-
low the conditions of the schedules, and no
bid wfll be considered nnlees It Is In ac-
cordance with such schedules. Bids muss
be made on samples submitted whenere*
called for In the schedule. Each bidder must
accompany his bid with a certified ebecs
upon some . well known and responsible
banking house for at least 10 per cent o£
the amount of hi 9 bid. payable to C Maso-
Klnne. Treasurer, conditioned that the bid-
der will enter Into a good and valid con-
tract upon notice of acceptance, as required
by law. The Board reserves the right
to reject any or all bids- and to order any
quantity over or under the amount specified.
Preference will be given to goods manufac-
tured or produced in this State price, fit-
ness and quality being equal, under the pro-
visions of Section 3247 of the Political Code.
Address John F. Sneeban, Secretary of th*
Board of Directors of the Veterans' Horn*
of California. Room 13, 320 Sansome st Saa
Francisco. California. By order of the Soar 1
of Directors. JOHN F. EEEZHAN, Secre-
tary. -
$20,000 MUNICIPAL water works bonds, towa
of Wheatland. for sale, untaxable. bearing 5
per cent Interest; serial 40 years; bids will
be received up to Monday. Dec. 5. 1904, cer-
tified check ot 10 per cent to accompany bid.
For Information address R. N. MURPHY.
Town Clerk. Wheatland. Cal.
STUTT—B— JO ABTD STA__C_ ——TO.
EXPANSION~OF M__ JOURNE~^CHOO_i^
Downtown, E21 Franklin, near McAllister. S
to 12. Open-air school. 810 Diamond st: teL
Capp 8173; 1 to 5 p. m. Details at either.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriag* license* were Issued yesterday — s -
follows :
Felix Nleblas, 27, 2416 Sacramento street,
and Bertha Grauffel. 23. 2440 Bosh street
Frederico Callegarl. 24. 1002 Sixth street,
and Palmira Risetto, 23, 1002 Sixth street.
Henry Fenchel. 33, Salinas, and Jullne End-
ter, 30, 2514 Clay street.
Charles J. Musante 24 2601 Folsom street,
and Elvira Pagano. 19, 73 Boardman place.
James McClaln. 24. Point Richmond, and
Emma Frcst 21, Point Richmond.
James E. White. 27. city, and Alice Mur-
dock 13. city.
Edward F. Bradley. 21, Berkeley, and Mauds
E. Hiney. IS, Berkeley.
Joseph A. Miller Jr.. 23, Austin. Nev.. and
Ida B. Henzel. 21, city.
Walter E. Leeman. 21. 3435 Sixteenth street,
and Cecil Carroll. 2O, 57 Pond street
Walter E. Skldmore. 22, South Bend. Wash..
and Mary E. Ervln, IS, Chlco.
Peter A. Aruirre. 51, San Jose, and Anna
J. Dorn, 35; Holllster.
Carlo Fenca, 32. 1543 Powell street, and?
Maria Pert. 23, 1548 Powell street
Pletro Dondero, 23, Camanche, and Marl*
N. Baclgalupi, 26, Camanche.
Jack Meyer. 33, 113 Eddy street and Eliza-
beth Smith, 27, London, England.
- Rollc H. Works, 24, Portland. Or., and Al-
thea E. Chapman. 27, 123 Tenth street.
John J. Leek. 52 1126 Market street and
Maggie J. Baley. 3o, 1124 Market street.
Eric A. Evers, 25. 1450 San Bruno avenue,
and Ida L. Hendrickscn, 27. 1089 Wisconsin st.
Willis H. Drake, 23. «S5 Bueh street and
Magnolia A. Webb .'23 Merced Falls.
Robert M. Cru Ik shank. 21 992 Howard
street and Ida M. Irving, IS, 21 Pearl street.
»_^^_~_~_»_~_»_»«_— _———_—_—_—_______■__■_•
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS
Birth, mania— 'e and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and b*
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
free of chance.
, BORX. '
BROWN— In this city, to the wife of L. T.
Brown, a aon.
DUNN— In this city, to the wife of Edward
A. Dunn, a daughter.
FORREST— In this city. November 30. 1904.
to the wife of Oliver M. Forrest a son.
HIXZ— In this city. November 30, 1904, to>
the wife of H. Hlns, a daughter.
KUHLMANN— In this city November 23. 1904,
to the wife of Charles Kuhlmann, a daugh-
ter.
MALLOY— In this city November 30. 1904. to
the wife of Charles Malloy. a daughter.
McGINTY— In Berkeley. Cal., Nov. 13, 1904,
to th» wife of Edward V. McGlnty, a daugh-
ter.
MUIIPHY— In this city. December 1. 1904, to>
the wife of C. F. Murphy, a daughter.
RECKENBEIL— In this city. December 2.
1904. to the wife of Fred C. Reckeabell. a
daughter.
MARRIED.
BRYANT— RHOADS— In San Rafael, Cal.,
November 20. 1904, at St. Paul's Episcopal
Church, by the Rev. Robert E. Lee Craig.
Edwin George Bryant and Leota Elisabeth
Rhoads, both of San Francisco.
GRIBBLE — BOGER — In this city, November
20. 1904. by the Rev. J. Fueodeltng. William
Arthur Gribble and Alma D. Boger.
HAMILTON— LOW — In this city. December
2. 19C4. Charles Smith Hamilton and Ethyl
Allard Low. both of this city.
NUTTING— REDFERN— In this city, Novem-
ber 30. 1904. by the Rev. S. J. Lee. Fred
Garfleld Nutting ot this city and Margaret
May Redfern of Kansas City. Kans.
6IEBE— KLAVESAHL— In this city, Novem-
ber - 29. 1904. by the Rev. J. Fuendellng.
William Adolph Slebe of Emeryville. Cal..
and Sophia Klavesahl of San Francisco.
I ***"*"**~^^**~~"*'"'"~~~~~~~*?
DIED.
Anfenson. Anthony — 36 Ulley. Carrie M. — 32
Averell. Sarah B. — 67 Llnehaji.K_.therme — ft*,
Baaton. Peter J. — 26 McKay. Catbeline— 72
Burns, Joseph P. — 34 McLaughlin, Agnes— 33
Clark ' Brendan — 33 Mitchell. E- W. — 64
Collins, Edward C. Monroe. Rowena C. — 5)1
Deane, William A. — 13 Murphy William — 66
De la Rosa. A M. Petterson. Paul— 5T>
Dunn. John B. Pitt. James— «5
Dwyer. Annle^ — S3 Poole, A. Robert
Ftnnegan. Michael — 72 Pram berg. Natalie—**
Grant George E. — 81 jRcdes. Clementina — 75
Ho«y, Robert — 34 Sloan, Ida Hortense
Kern. George A. — 80 Smith, Mlsa Ida J.
Klnne, Clarissa^ — S9 TarboT. Eltsha T. — «T
Kolman. Amalla — 75 Turner. Mary W.
Leddy. Eliza Williams. Richard— 63
ANFENSON— In this city, December 2. 1904.
Anthony, beloved son of Ole and Sarah
Anfenson. and brother of John. Thomas,
Claronce. Ola and Anna Anfenson. Mrs. John
Craun and Mrs. James Craun. a native of
Iowa, aged 86 years.
jr— Friends and acquaintances are respect -
- fully Invited to attend the run eral services
Sunday. December 4, at 10 a. m.. at tha
mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate Under-
taking Company, 2173 Mission street near
Twenty-first. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetiiry.
AVERELL— In East Oakland. CaL. December
. 8. 1904, Sarah 13., wife of the late Anaon
Averell. a native of Haverhtil. Mass., aged
67 years 8 months and 27 days.
C7 Notice of funeral to-morrow.
BEATON — In Demlng. N. Hex., December 3,
1804, Peter J., dearly beloved eon of John J.
i ■ and Jemima Beaton, and devoted brother of
Mrs. A. R. Clary and Nell Stewart and Mabel
and , Aleck Beaton, a native of San Frao-
■ * Cisco, aged 26 years 1 month and 23 daysr
C7 Notice of funeral hereafter.
1 BURNS— In this city. December 2. 1904, Jo-
seph Peter, dearly beloved husband of Mar-
garet Bums, beloved father of Frank. Ethel.
Irene and the late George T. Burn*, beloved
son of Marcella and the late Peter Burns,
• and brother of William. Thoma*, John and
Frank Burns, a * native of San Francisco,
■ aged 34 years 9 months and 8 days.
. ty Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:30 a. m.. from his late resi-
dence. 1C22 Alabama street, thence to St
Peter's Church. Alabama street between
Twenty-fourth and Twenty- fifth, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for th*
repose of bis soul, commencing at • a. m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CLARK— Suddenly, near Mount Ed*n, Aftm— '*
4950
. Oocuty. rteo«a!b«r !»*. £?°*^ £**"*}
tsunfeaad of tk« l*»Ctrrt« Fax* Oartc a»4
brcrtber of Cbariet Sk Clark-. «. »**?<* ♦£ An»^
• tralia. aged SJ ynz*. <»ew paper*
CrV.cSalr.s at r*rt«« *8 J*BX« W^£*»*; '
ir.ey & So«v lflCT ICiSsSeb *EW«. J*o**» <*
CCt/LINS— In tM« cRy, &*€«*« * J'fSL^
the parectrf tvsiaewe*. «l6A Shotwell •***«•
E*or*j-4 CV Nearly beVr*<S eta. ef J«r«mlali
and Mary A, Calk**, fcroth«r of _******••
Helen G., Jowjft J. and O*raW £. o ° m^J
neph«v <2 ft* lat* SO*. KelH* tiaa«W«w and
eoue2j> or Mw. J*:ia Donoraa, a- tu*ly <«
San TVaacSaoa.
hi* re*4enc*. 840 Twenty-third f^enno, XTll-
llam A, l>*ae, beloved hu«band of Amy Z.
• De^n*. Vlored father «f William % «J«£ lM
I>ane son at the lat* James R» and Mar-
garet Deane, brother of John J. and Mary
]>nar,» and Mrs. M. H. d» Young, a native of
San Francisco. a«»d 43 year* 4 month* and
15 days. .
E7"»ienS9 and aoqvai nUnowtai memben
of Stanford Parlor. K. S. G. W.; YTooduj«a
of tie 'World and Red Men are respectfully
isvlred to attend th« funeral Ta«*4ay. De-
• ce=her «t at a. m^ from Su Mary*«
Caiiiedral. Van Ness avesa*, t*twe«a Oeary
aad O'Fantil streets. Ictanaent private.
KJnily emit fo\r«ns. ■ . .
DE LA ROSA— In tMs dty, X>*eesBl>«r 8, 1*04,
•t his resideaoe. S4S CreeovicJl street. A. M.
de !a Rosa, beloved husband of Rlcarda de
la lirwa. and fas her of Herbert- Rosa and
AdoJph &• la Roea, a native of California.
PTTXN— In this city, December 1. 18<M, John
B.. husband of Ada Drnn. father of Mra,
VinrJe Ooleroan. and brother ol Mra. J.
Grub* and Mrs. F. Tavoiara. a native of
Zntl&nd.
Zy Friend* and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend th« fuaeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12:30 p. m.. from the parlors
of the Vnlted Undertakers. S66 Mission
street thence to St. Joseph's Church for s«r-
• vices at 1 p. m. Interment Holy Cross Cem-
etery. !
DtVVERr— la thl« city. Deoenber 2. 1WH, An- I
ni* Dwyer. a native of Ireland, ajed 63
years.
FrNTNEGAJC— In this city. December 3, 19**.
Michael, dearly beloved husband of Jane
Finnegan. father of Peter and the lale ;
Frank Finne«an and Mrs. "W. J. Walsh, and
brother of Mrs. Ellen SpeUman and the late
Mra M 6ulllvar H a native of CrougnweJI. ;
County Galway. Ireland, a*ed 72 year«.
CXThe funeral will take place to-morrow ;
(Monday*, at 9 :S» a. m.. from his late re«- I
dence 5C$ij Ninth street, thence to 6t. Jo-
seph's Church, where a requiem high maaa
will be oeltbrated for the repose of hla
soul, commencing at 10 a. m. Interment
private. HoU" Cross Cemetery.
GRANT— In East Oakland. OaU December 3.
- 1SO4. George E.. beloved husband of Ellen
IxmlM Grant, and father of Mrs. C. W.
VTendte and George E. Grant Jr.. a native
of New Hampshire, aged 81 years 1 month
. ' and i day*.
JJOEY— In this city. December 1. 1904. Robert
Hoey beloved husband of Elisabeth Ho«y.
a native of Ban Francl»oo. aged 34 years ,
. end 3 moctha.
C7"Frienrts and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
December 4, at 1 p. m., from the parlors of
-Vaicnte, Martnl & Co.. 1534 Stockton Btreet,
near Union. Interment Holy Cross Cem-
etery.
KERN'- Entered into rest. In this city, De-
cember 2 1904 George Adam, beloved hus-
band of Christine Louise Kern, father of the
late C. P. Louis« Kern, brother of Philip
Kern, and uncle of Jacob Offenbacher, a na-
tive of Bellheim. Rhclr.pfalz. Germany, aged
60 years and 15 days. A member of Gam-
brinus Verein and Brewer}' Workers' Union.
CXFriend-s ejid acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral • to-day
<5unday>. December 4. at 2:30 p. m.. from
his late residence. 19 IeIs street, off Twelfth.
- between Folsom and Harrison. Cremation
Odd Fellows' Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
KINNi: — In this city, December 2. 1004.
. Clarissa Prentlss Kinne. beloved mother of
Man' A.. Dwisht and A. B. Ktnne, and
sister of Mrs. Dr. Marcus Whitman, and
grandmother of Isabel D. Hunting and Her-
bert Plight, a native of New Tork, aged S3
y*ars 3 months and 15 days. (Oregon papers
l>lea.«e copy.)
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
. Sunday December 4. at 2 p. m.. at the
tr.ortuary charel of the Golden Gate Under-
taking Company, 2475 Mission street, near
Twer.ty-flrst. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
KOLMAN— In this city. December 2, 1904,
Amalia, relict of the late Nelson Kolman, and
mother of Mrs. May Levy and Ed. Phil.,
Fanny. Ada, William and Benjamin Kol-
man and Mrs. Ed McPhlllips. a native of
Poland, aged 75 years. (Stockton papers
. please copy.)
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 10 a. m., from her late resi-
• dence, 15S& Pr>yt street, near Laguna. and
thence by 11:30 a. m. train to New Salem
Cemetery for interment. Please omit flowers.
LETDDY— In thU city. December 2, 1904, Eliza,
beloved wife of the late Patrick Leddy, and
mother of May. Elizabeth L. and the lat*
Thomas P. Leddy, a native of County Tip-
£*rary, Ireland.
C7"Fri<T.ds= and acquaintances are respect,
fully invited to attend «he funeral to-day
<t-ur>day>, at 12:30 o'clock, from h«r late
residence. 192C Stelner street, thence to St.
Dominic's Church for ten-Ices. Interment
Holy Crops Cemetery. There will be a sol-
emn requiem mass celebrated for the repose
of her soul to-morrow < Monday) at St.
Dominic's Church, commencing at 9 o'clock.
'. Friends are Invited to attend.
L.ILLEY— In this city. December 1. 1904,
. Carrie M.. beloved wife of James J. Lllley,
: a native of Norway, aged 32 years.
CTTrlend? and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, December 4, at 12 o'clock, at the
. mortuary chapel cf the Golden Gate Under-
' taking Coir.iany. 2475 Mission street, *near
1 Twenty-first. Interment Cypress Lawn
' Cemetery.
LINEHAN— Entered into rest. In this city,
December I. l!>04. Katherine, wife of Jere-
miati Linehan. and mother of Margie E.,
" ] Florence D. and William H. Linehan, and
sifter of Mrs. Margaret Bell, a native of
Derham. Canada, aged LS years and 4 days.
C7"Fu:!eral services will be held at her
late residence. 1725 McAllister «treet, on
Sunday. December 4, at 1:30 p. m.
McKAY — In this city. December 2. 1904.
" Catheline. wife of the late Michael McKay.
end devoted mother of Mrs. W. F. Klng-
. well and Thcmas McKay, and grandmother
■ : of Mrs. A. Edwards. Mrs. A. Armourl Mrs.
6. Dlx and Henry. Willie and Sophie Dhlen-
dorf. a native of Ireland, aged 72 years. <
ETFriendF and acquaintances are respect-
fully invlttd to attend the funeral to-day
<"-, (Sunday). December 4. at 1:30 p. m., from
: her late residence, COS Pennsylvania avenue,
between Twenty-second and Twenty-third
streets. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetcry-
•JJcLAUGHLIN— In this city. December 1.
. 1904. Asnes A., beloved wife of Daniel F.
' McLaughlin. and mother cf Willie J. Ed-
ward T. and Francis McLauKhlln.' and
daughter of Mrs. K. Dupuis, and sister of
, , Mamie and Thomas Sullivan, and stepsister
' of Lena, Edward and Alfred Dupuis, a na-
tive of Virginia City. Nev.. aged 32 years
and 1 month. (Virginia City papers please
•copy.)
CTFricnds and acquaintances are respect-
. .. fuly Invited to attend the funeral Monday.
; December 5. at 8 :3O a. m.. from her late
residence, 18 Rlnggoid street, thence to St.
/Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
, commencing at 9 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
j MITCHELL— In Oakland. Cal.. December 1.
- 1SKJ4. Edward W., beloved husband of Mary
Mitchell, a native of England, aged 64 years
4 months and 21 days.
> " CJ^Frlende and acquaintanoea are respect.
,- fully invited to attend the funeral services
this (Sunday) afternoon at 3 o'clock, at his
. " late residence. 4C4 Merrimac street, Oak-
. . land. Funeral under the auspices of Se-
quoia Ix>dge No. 349, F. and A M. Inter-
' .jr.cnt Mountain View Cemetery.
MONROE— In this city, December S, 1904
. Rowena C, beloved wife of William A Mon-
roe, a native of New Hampshire, aced 5S
• . year* 10 months and 20 days.
lETFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
j . tejid the funeral services to-morrow (Mon-
day), at 10 a. m.. at her late residence. 9O6A
Meiner street, between Fulton and McAllis-
ter. Interment private.
MURPHY— In this city. December S. 1904 at
his residence. 3S Federal street. William.
v dtarly beloved husband of the late Hannat
I . Murphy, loving father of William and th«
late John Murphy, brother of the late An-
.drew Patrick and Peter Murphy. sn<!
grandfather of Willie and Johnnie Murphv
a native of Drogheda, County Louth. Ireland
aged W year, and 7 months. A member o!
-.the Riggers' and Stevedores' Union LocaJ
£22, of the I. L. M. and F. £ nlOD - ix>ca -
PETTERSON-ln this city. December 1. 1904
Pfeul Pmereon. beloved husband of Margaret
J. Petterson, a native of Norway, aged 6C
year* 6 month* and 6 days. ♦
' , tt 7^"'," 4 ? and acquaintances are respect-
, fully Invited to attend the funeral toVdi
(Sunday), December 4. at 1 p. m.. from hli
HENRY J. CALLACHER CO.
(Successors to Flanr.epan & Gallagher)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mct.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone Eouth 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
Funeral Diivttors and Embalmers——
Formerly In Metropolitan Tempi*.
NOW at 666 MISSION. Tel. South 167.
Between Fourth **od Fifth, near Fifth «t.
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates.
F. 3. Monahan. Ma eager. Tel. Mission 81.
MONAHAN, O'HARA & CO.
FTJXERAL DIRECTORS AXT> EMBALMERS,
S339-Z34J. Mission St.. near Nineteenth.
San Francisco.
James McGinn. Henry Hansen.
JAMES McGINN & CO..
I Formerly With McGinn Bros
—Funeral Directors and Embalmers-
214__Eddy st. Tel. East 86. -
BIG BLOCK
DESTROYED
BY FLAMES
Epeclal Dlsaatch to The Call.
LOS A2CGELES, Deo. 4. — The im
mense store of the Standard Wooden
ware Company, 230 to 234 South Los
Angeles street, in the heart of the
"wholesale district, was destroyed by
fire, which started shortly after mid
night.
The loss Is estimated at $175,000
and may reach $225,000. At 3 o'clock
this morning the fire had entered the
store of the Kohn. Wlgmore &'Sons
Company adjoining. If It destroy the
latter building the loss will amount to
$500,000.
3IAN ON MURDER BENT
IS SHOT BY CONSTABLE
Attempts to Kill Officer With a Gun
and Js Himself Fatally
Wounded.
WOODLAND, Deo. 3. — Louis Chyte,
an old resident of this city, was shot
to-night by Constable Parker, who, it
is said, acted in self-defense. There
is no hope for Chyte's recovery.
Chyte was lying in wait for George
Kinkle, an old enemy, at the tatter's
house, but had been seen by Kinkle,
who thought him a burglar. Kinkle
reported the matter to the officers and
they went after the supposed thief.
Constable Parker says that when he
approached the house he stood near
the fence surveying the scene. Hear
ing a noise in the yard he directed
Griffin's attention to It and the latter
flashed his lantern.
Parker could just discern the form
of a man in a crouching position with
a black mask concealing the lower
part of his face. The man raised a
shotgun and fired and Parker replied
with his revolver. One of the buck
shot from the gun tore a hole through
the top of Parker's hat. Parker fell,
but regaining his feet crossed the
street to await developments. In the
meantime other officers arrived and
the premises were searched. Chyte
was found in some bushes near the
house with a bullet wound In his head.
Chyte has had much trouble with
Kinkle over some city property and
bad blood had existed between them
for years. Parker has given himself
up to the Sheriff.
Pioneer Capitalist Dead.
OAKLAND, Dec 3.— George E.
Grant, a pioneer resident and capital
ist of this city, died this morning at
his^ residence. 1253 Twenty-third ave
nue. He was 81 years old. Death was
caused by pneumonia, which resulted
from a cold contracted ten days ago.
Mr. Grant has been a resident of Oak
land for fifty years. He was long
engaged in the dairy business, but
later acquired large mercantile inter
ests in Beveral of the small towns along
the coast Deceased leaves a wife,
Mrs. Ellen Louisa Grant, and two chil
dren. George E. Grant Jr. and Mrs.
C. W. Wendte. wife of the former pas
tor of the First Unitarian Church.
Arrangements have not yet been made
for the funeral.
Death of Colonel Tilley.
DETROIT, Dec. 3. — Colonel J. T.
Tilley, for the last fifteen years con
nected with the quartermaster's de
partment of the United States army,
died to-day at his residence at Fort
Wayne.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED,
Saturday, Dec 3.
8chr Joseph Russ, Garskl, 11 days from Co
lumbia River. • »
SAILED.
Saturday, Dec 3,
Btmr Breakwater, Beaman. for Coos Bay.
Etmr Columbia Doran for Astoria.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Sailed Dec 3— Br stmr Coptic,
for Yokohama.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ABERDEEN— Balled Dec 3— Schr Henry WH
eon, for San Francisco; Btmr Norwood, for Saa
Pe4ro.
FOREIGN PORTS
VICTORI A— Arrived Dec 3— Stmr Umatllla,
hence Dec 1.
PORT ANGELES — Arrived Deo 3 — Schr Lot
tie Bennett, hence Nov IS to load lumber at
Hastings.
MJ5MORAXDUM.
Per schr Joseph Run — On Nor 27, 60 mile*
west of Cape Blanco, passed a lot of drifted
lumber.
The chronic borrower has struck
many a man centless.
late residence. 18 Geneva street, off Bran- j
nan. between Sixth and Seventh, under tho ;
auspice* of Longshore Lumbermen's Protec- !
live Association. Local 224. I. L. M. and
T. A. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
PITT— In the City and County Hospital. De-
cember 3, 1904. James Pitt, a native of !
Pennsylvania, aeed ti5 years.
POOLE — In this , city, December 2, 1004, A.
Robert Poole. beloved husband of Lizzie
Poole and father of Ruth. Edna, Doris and
'Olive* Pocle. a native of London. England.
ETThe funeral will take place to-day
(Sunday). December 4. at -' p. rn., from his I
late residence, 1159 Oak street. Members :
of Fairmount Lodse No. 10$, K. of P., and •
Marine Engineers' Beneficial Association
No. 05. Dlease take notice. Friends and
acquaintances are respectfully Invited to at-
tend. Funeral services at residence. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
PRAMBERG — In this city. December 1. 1004,
Natalie, beloved wife of Charles Prambergr
or Black Diamond, Cal., and devoted mother
of Carl Hcretmann and George Prambercr,
and daughter of Charles and Caroline Evers,
acd sister of Mrs. G. Huhs. Mrs. F. Hag-
erup. Mrs. G: Warnke, Mrs. H. Eiem and
. George and Charles Evers, a native of San I
Francisco, aged 34 years • 3 months and IT j
days.
EyFrlends are respectfully Invited to at- I
tend the funeral services to-day (Sun- j
day)'. December 4, at 1 p. m..' at the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment I
private. \
KODES— In this city, at the King's Daugh- !
ters" Home, December 2, 1004, Clementina A.
Rodes, a native of France, aged 75 years. {
SLOAN — In Brooklyn N. T., November 20. '
1904. Ida Hortense. devoted wife of William
D. Sloan, and daughter of th« late Dr. and
Mrs. Frederick Hlller. and sister of Mrs. i
Bertha A. Thome, Mrs. Annie C. Stock and
Jullue, Herman and Frederick Hlller, a na-
tive of Nevada City, Cal. (Virginia City
papers please copy.)
ET Interment In Brooklyn.
SMITH— At Cleveland, Ohio, December 2, 1904,
• Miss Ida J. Smith, sister of Mrs. James
Vincent and Adrian R. Smith, of San Fran*
Cisco.
TAR BOX— In this city. December 2. 1904, ,
Elisha T., beloved husband of Julia A. Tar-
box, and father of Benjamin L Tarbox, a
native of New York, aged 67 years 4 month* '
and 7 davs. " . ." »
CTTrlenda are Invited to attend the funeral
to-day (Sunday), at 3 p. m.. at th« cfeaDel
at I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
TURNER— In Haywards. December 1, 1804.
Mary Wlnton, beloved wife of L. M. Turner,
and eldest daughter of the late Crayton Win-
ton a native of California.
C7Funeral from the late residence of
Crayton Winton. In Haywards. Sunday, De-
cember 4, at 1:30 p. m. Interment Lone
Tree Cemetery. Haywards.
•WILLIAM^— In this city. December 8. 1804,
Richard Williams, father of Emma McAfee,
Mrs Florence Phillips. Mrs., Bessie Ayres
and" Charles H. Williams, and brother of
John E. Williams and ; Charles H. William*
a native of England, aged 65 years.
THE SAN FRANCISCO OALi; SUNDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1904.
LIFE DIPLOMAS
FOR TEACHERS
State Board of Education
Meets at Sacramento and
Talks on School Affairs
TEXTBOOK DISCUSSION
Publishers Are Warned Not
to Attempt to Influence
the Judgment of Headers
Ereclal Dfepatcb to The CalL
SACRAMENTO. Dec. 8.— A meeting
of the State Board of Education was
held to-day at the Capitol. Benjamin
Ide Wheeler of the UnlverBlty of Ber
keley presided. Besides Professor
Wheeler, the members of the board
present were Samuel T. Black, Fred L.
Burk, J. F. Mlllspaugh, M. E. Dailey,
C. C. Van Liew and State Superintend
ent of Public Instruction T. J. Kirk.
One of the first matters considered by
the board was the action of the Butte
County Board of Education and the
Board of Trustees of the Chico High
School in filing charges against George
R. Ray, who was a teacher in the High
School at Chlco. His accusers were
boys who attended the High School.
Ray, rather than stand an investiga
tion by the trustees of the school, left
Chico. He returned his diploma to the
State Board of Education and wrote to
that body that he would not attempt
to teach school again. A committee
composed of Benjamin Ide Wheeler, J.
F. Mlllspaugh and C. C. Van Liew re
ported that Ray had practically admit
ted the truthfulness of the charges and
recommended that his certificate be re
voked. The report was adopted.
KIRK MAKES STATEMENT.
Superintendent Kirk submitted a let
ter to the board in which he asked to
be set right in the eyes of the public
It was to the effect that Principal Fred
I* Burk of the San Francisco High
School had quoted a man in that city
as saying that after every meeting oi
the State text book committee Kirk
would call up the oflice of the American
Book Company in San Francisco by
telephone and give a detailed "account
of what business had been transacted.
When the letter was read Principal
Burk said his informant had been S. C.
Smith of the firm of Ginn & Co., school
book publishers. He said that Smith
had remarked to him that Kirk was
getting too friendly with the American
Book Company.
Smith was present at the meeting of
the board to-day and he said: "I
would be a fool if I did not try to find
out whether a rival firm was trying to
get private or inside information about
the publication of school books." '
Professor Burk of the San Francisco
Normal School said tlu re should be
free publicity of the names of the read
ers of school text books offered to the
board and publishers of books should
not encroach upon the time of these
readers to Induce them to recommend
any particular book.
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler said
that the board, had provided that pub
lishers of school books should not con
sult with members about textbooks
an dthat the rule should be enforced.
Professor Burk offered a resolution
to the effect that all business discus
sions between the State Board of Edu
cation, committees or members and
publishers of books should be in open
meeting, and any attempt on the part
of a company to discuss business with
individuals, or with readers, or to com
promise a member of the board in any
way to effect his Judgment will be suf
ficient ground for rejecting any of such
company's books presented for consid
eration.
Professor Burk's resolution was
adopted. * . •
MANY DIPLOMAS GRANTED.
The following high school life diplo
mas were granted: Corinne Carter, San
Diego; Will L. Frew, Los Angeles; Ju
lius C. Hammel, Alameda; Charles E.
Keyes, Alameda; Mary Nina Martin,
Los Angeles; Mary A. Pillot, Santa
Clara; Katharine B. Ross, Los Angeles;
Rose Ryan, San Francisco; Kate E.
Smith, Los Angeles;. Grace Douglas
Temple, Santa Clara; Charles Lincoln :
Williams, San Diego; Leila Glenn Bo
vard, San Bernardino.
Grammar School Life Diplomas-
Mary H. Anderson, Los Angeles; Gol
die M. Bacon, San Joaquin, Berta M.
Baker, Fresno; Mary C. Biffer, Los
Angeles; Mrs. Nellie Bradshaw, Mono;
| Bertha H. Breckenfeld, Los Angeles;
j Sara Burke, Los Angeles; Eleanor A.
i Carlson, Santa Clara; Nellie M. Cav
anaugh, Santa Clara, Mary Jean
Clarke, Los Angeles, Ida Bell Clay, Los
j Angeles, Ada Hughes Coldwell, Ala
meda, Adella Cook, Santa Clara; Alice
Cecelia Cooper, Los Angeles, Mary F.
Corkery, Santa Clara, Sarah Hughes
; Cornell, Santa Clara; Mary E. Crow
j foot, Fresno; Janet M. Cutter, Santa
I Clara; Ona V. Dick, Los Angeles; Ro
! setta C. Fishburn, Los Angeles; Grace
A. Fogg, San Joaquin; Mabel K. Fox,
Shasta; Christine Gansner, Plumas;
Carrie E. Ganter, Mendocino; Georgia
L. Garrison, Fresno; "Virginia Ellis
Garrison, Fresno; Laura Cronkite
Geisendorfer, Sacramento; Grace . N.
Gibson, Alameda; E, P. Gleason, Yuba;
Margaret E. Glick, Los Angeles;
! Alice Haney, Fresno; Hobart W. Heik
en, Santa Clara; Bettie M. Heiskell,
! Fresno; Emma Hiatt, San Diego; Julia
A. Jones, Mendocino; Blanche A. Klous,
i Santa Clara; Mary I. Klrtley, Mendo
| cino; Mary Koerber, Santa Clara; Mar
! tha E. Laird, Los Angeles; Clarence
I Wilt Leininger, Trinity, Maude C. Mar
! tin, Fresno; Elizabeth Carroll Mc
' Carthy, Los Angeles;" Cjarrie A. Miller,
i Los Angeles; Mabel Mlnard, Fresno;
i Kathrene Myers, Los Angeles; Eliza P.
My rick, ■ Los Angeles ; Alice . R. Nor-,
ton, Santa Clara; Anna J. O'Connor,
Solano; Theckla Ousterhout, San Ber
' nardino; Louise T. Pendola, . Martposa;
Sarah T. Pepper, Los Angeles; Leila L
Pfeninger, Los Angeles; Elizabeth
j Price, Mendocino; Esther M. Provence,
I Stanislaus; John "Stephen Reid, Trin-
I ity; Alfred E. Roberts, San Francisco;
Alma I* Roberts, Los Angeles ; Louise
Runckel, Placer; Jay A. Rydberg, JJtah
lslaus; Caroline A. Sharp, Marin; Hugh
H. . Shuffleton Jr., Shasta ; ' Emily S.
Smith, Solano; Susie M. B. Spooner,
San Joaquin;- Dorothy' Deerihg Spaf-"
ford, San Luis Obispo; Alice Stevenson,
Butte; Theresa Van Dompselaar, Los
Angeles; Ida B. : Waltenspiel, Santa
Clara; Ray w C. Weeks, Mendocino; Ja-'
cob " D. . Wimer, San Joaquin; . Beverly,
,W.' Wood, El.asta; '■' EdriaV R,"\ : Wobdis,'
JDVENHiB TENIflS FliATERS
FINISH TWO TOURNAMENTS
Get! and Jjertnson Take the IXraJbles
and Mclxjughlln Carried Off
Honors In Singles.
The Juvenile players ©f the Golden
Gate Tennis Club finished two tourna
ments . yesterday. Both were started
last week. In the morning Harold
Gets and Louis Levlnson carried off
the honors in the handicap doubles
tournament. _ In the afternoon M. Mo-
Loughlin won the scratch singles
event and proved the cleverest player
in the club. This event was for a
three-time silver loving cup. Mc-
Loughlih won , the last tournament of
this kind, but the cup was not up at
the time.
In the.semi-flnals McLoughlin beat
H. Corbley easily. The latter won only
one game in two sets. In the finals
McLoughlin had an easy time again.
His opponent was^Harold Getz. The
score was 6-1, 7-5r
The final match of the handicap
doubles was exceedingly close. M.
McLoughlin and A. Martinez, playing
from "SO" back of scratch, were
beaten by H. Getz and L. Levlnson,
who were "15" behind scratch. Mc-
Loughlin and Martinez won the first
set, 6-4. The second was close and
went to Getz and Levinson by a 7-5
score. The scratch men lost heart in
the third set, which went rather easily
to Getz and McLoughlin- The score
was 4-6, 7-5, 6-3.
The fourth class players win finish
their tournament on the park courts
to-day.
The attendance at the California
Club courts was rather light for a Sat
urday afternoon. Few of the best
players put in an appearance and the
lGwer class men had the courts to
themselves. George Janes and Her
bert Long and Carl Gardner and Mel
viile Long^ furnished the best match,
although it was too one-sided to be
interesting. Young Long and Gard
ner did not couple up well and won
only two games in two sets from their
opponents.
. In singles Merle Johnson and Paul
Jones played two close sets. Jones lost
both by 6-4 scores, but made a good
showing against- his first-class oppo
nent. Gus Lisser was in good form
when he beat M. Little, 7-5. George
Cutter won two sets from W. G.
Knowlton, the first of which was close.
The score was 7-5, 6-2. Little beat R.
B. Daggett by a similar score. Graun
ger tied Wallace, the score being
6-3, 4-6.
The continuous tournament will be
commenced on the California Club
courts to-day. All of the active mem
bers have entered their names and will
draw for places this morning.
TEAMS OF HARDWARE MEN
BREAK EVEN AT FOOTBALL
Baker & Hamilton Eleven Pluckily
Holds Down Husky Paciiic Boys
at Presidio.
Baker & Hamilton's football team
fought an eleven from the Pacific
Hardware Company to n. standstill
yesterday at the Presidio athletic
grounds. The Baker outfit was bucked
down the field twice by their husky
opopne. ..-. but just at the time it
looked like curtains they held the Pa
cific bunch andjj kicked into safety.
The exciting moment was In the sec
ond half. .The Pacifies, bucked to
within a yard of Bakers' goal.
Right there the Baker & Hamilton
line turned into a brick wall. Three
desperate plunges by the Pacifies'
backs could not gain an inch. The
Pacific Hardware team holds the
championship of 1903.
Following Is the line-up of the
teams:
B. & H. Positions. Pacific H. W. Co.
Groves Center Bormuth
Dougall Quarter Falk
\Vordcn Full Lang (C.)
Hannlgan L,. Half R Platt
i°? d 'i R- Half L Graham
Robachcr H. Guard L McJunkln
Murchlson I,. Guard R :.Keefc'an
Bowley R. Tackle L, Mayer
Jeffress (C.) 1,. Tackle R McDonald
Kberllne R. End L Chalmers
lluchettl L.. End R Coons
Boxer Marvin Hart Is Here.
Marvin Hart. the heavyweight
fighter, reached this city last night ac
companied by his manager, Jack Me-
Cormack. Hart is looking for trouble
and will surely be accommodated, as
both Kid McCoy and Jack Johnson
are said to be willing to fight him. A
match with Johnson in January would
be an attractive one.
Jim Morley of Los Angeles repre
sents McCoy and expresses himself as
ready to make a match. Hart is here
on his own account and has offered
his services to the San Francisco Ath
letic Club for next month.
Elks on the Diamond.
OAKLAND, Dec. 3.— The officers of
Oakland Lodge No. 171 and San
Francisco Lodge No. 3 will meet on
the diamond next Saturday to battle
for the baseball championship of the
two cities. f The Rev. William Carson
Shaw, chaplain of Oakland Lodge,
will don a suit and play shortstop
for the team.
The game will be played at Idora
Park and the' proceeds will be de
voted to the fund for a Christmas
dinner for the poor and needy of
Oakland. . i-v
Santa Clara; Lena V. Yager, Los An
geles. 'z'J.-"i, : :fy'j!yiL'-
University documents — Emma Stoer
Barham, Alameda; Clarence William
Edwards, Fresno; Alys L. Kemble,
Alameda; Nathaniel Sanders, Stanis
laus; Katharine M. Layne, San Ber
nardino.
Normal documents — Stella I. Bollong,
Los Angeles; Jennie H. Boyle, Chlco;
Mary Carroll, San Jose; Mrs. O. A.
Charlton, Los Angeles; Ruth M. Coop
er, Los Angeles; Grace D. Cuthbert
son, San Jose; Ona V. Dick, Los Ange
les; Rosetta C. Fishburn, Los Angeles;
Iva Gelatt. ,San Jose; Myrtle E. John
son, San Diego; Julia A. Jones, San
Jose; . Elizabeth S. Kelly, San Jose;
Cecelia C. Lark; San Jose; Wilhelmina
J. Lepley, Los Angeles j- Phoebe Lowrie,
San Jose; Jennie' Madden, 1 San Jose;
Helen E. Matthewson, Los Angeles;
Josie McCabe, San Jose; Alice R. Nor
ton, San Jose; Elizabeth Qulnlan, San
Jose; Banna L.- Rolfe, »Los Angeles;
Ada V. Rucker, San Jose; Marie Sable
man, Chico; Elizabeth M..- Sargent,
San Jose;- Nellie T E. Snowden, San
Jose; Isabel - C. Sylva, Los Angeles;
Mrs. Emma C. Wisler, San Diego.
V Special life diplomas— Mary H. An
derson, Los Angeles,, drawing; . , Ada
Hughes Caldwell, Alameda,x drawing;
W. ;'A.* Ellis,' Loa Angeles* bookkeeping,
arithmetic, i stenography ,\ " typewViting,
penmanship and " commercial •' law;
Claude . A. Faithf ull, Los Angeles,
sloyd;- Alfred E. Roberts, "San . Fran
cisco,;* mechanical ; drawing;: Mrs. Alice
Shields, Los Angeles," sloyd. . ;
LAYING THE TOUNDATION
j OF THE KREMLIN
i "Laying the Foundation of the Kremlin.'* t,
§ OUR PICTURE FOR NEXT SUNDAY IS A GREAT EX- g£ I
I AMPLE OF THE WORK OF THE WELL-KNOWN RUS- j <? i
I SIAN ARTIST, DJENYEEFF. . | " 8
g Many years ago there existed in Russia a heathenish custom £:
S of immuring alive a human being under the cornerstone of a great | g
8 building, the belief being that such a sacrifice would insure its sue- i|:
8 cessful completion. [ o-
S* Our picture shows the laying of the cornerstone of the Krem- $
S lin, at Nijni Novgorod. The workmen have seized the young and «
beautiful wife of a merchant and are proceeding to force her under «
§ the cornerstone. The artist has depicted in the most striking man- «
g ner the terror of the victim, as well as the stern determination of g
£$ From an abundance of riches, this beautiful canvas by Djen- «
g yeeff, now on exhibition in the Russian section, Palace of Fine S
8 Arts, has been selected and reproduced to be presented as the next §
S (No. 3) picture in this splendid series, next Sunday. S
I To Be Sure of Getting Tfys Superb Picture §
1 1 In the Most Exquisite Colors, 1
| Just as It Came from the Master's Brush, \ I
i|" You Must Order the |
i§ j &^ jC r ir^ v J II fi ri \/ v * ij ill
I IN ADVANCE. I
I Sold Everywhere. Price 5c a Copy. I
EASTERN BODNDS
IN GOOD FORM
Lancashire Lad and Princess
Savoy Win the Trials
Handily at Ingleside
Two rounds of the reserve stake were
completed yesterday at Ingleside Cours
ing Park, leaving the remaining rounds
and the class stake to be completed to
day.
In the reserve stake Lancashire Lad
and Peerless Beauty, the Eastern
cracks, and Tamora, from the kennel of
George Sharman, are expected to run
well into the money.
Full Moon, Quita and the winner of
the Frisky Barbara-Princess Savoy
course are expected to show prominent
ly in the class number. The results of
yesterday's running follow:
Reserve stake, first round— Tamora
beat Doc Burns, Snap'per Garrison beat
Dear Gastori, J R beat Pyro, Frank
Dunn beat May Tunison, Annie Ryne
beat Pure Pearl, Una beat Tom Hur
lick, Mark Twain beat Equator, Muggsy
beat Cubanola; Liberator beat Old
Ironsides, Peerless Beauty beat Forest
Fire, Concord Boy beat Stlngaree,
Reckless Rose beat Wedgewood, Pida
dilly beat Judge, Becky Sharp beat Fid
dler, Texas Mamie beat Romping Girl,
Commercial Traveler beat Helen Hayes,
Bob R beat Fortuna Angel, Lily York
beat Belfast,' Sunnybrook beat Don Pe
dro, Lancashire Lass beat Ready Ad
dress, Young Fearless beat Icellus,
Medley beat Presto, Prometheus beat
Queen's Motto, The Earl beat General
Dewet.
Second round— Tamora beat Snapper
Garrison, Frank Dunn beat JR. Annie
Ryne beat Una, Mark Twain beat
Muggsy, Peerless Beauty beat Liber
ator, Concord Boy beat Reckless Rose.
Becky Sharp beat Picadilly, Commer
cial Traveler beat Texas Mamie, Bob R
beat Lily York, Lancashire Lass beat
Eiinnybrook, Young ! Fearless beat Med
ley, The Earl beat Prometheus.
ELKS TO HONOR MEMORY
OF THEIR DEAD MEMBERS
Oakland Ixxige to Hold Services at
* ''/ First Congregational Chnrch
This Afternoon.
Oakland Ofllce,- San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Dec. 3. J
The members , of Oakland Lodge '-. No.
171,: -* Benevolent j Protective Order,, of
Elks, Twill hold rniemorial services at the
First Congregational Church to-mor
row afternoon, in honor of members of
the lodge who have passed away. The
ceremonies will be in charge of Ex
alted Ruler James M. Shanley, and the
officers of the lodge. After the opening
ceremonies and prayer by the chaplain
the memorial day oration will be deliv
ered by Fletcher A. Cutler and will be
followed by the eulogy, by George W.
Frick.
The committee in charge of the mem
orial services has arranged an excel
lent programme," which will be ren
dered by the choir of the First Con
gregational Church, under the direction
of Alexander T. Stewart and^ the fol
lowing soloists: Mrs. Grace Davis
Northrup, Mrs. Carroll Nicholson, Ar
thur Macurda and Henry S. Perry.
The members of the committee in
charge of the services are:
George W. Frick, Oscar T. Luning.
G. R. Lukens, Edwin H. Benjamin and
W. II. J. Mathews.
Following is the complete programme
of the memorial services:
Funeral march and seraphic chant,
organ solo (Guilmant); "Behold! Ye"
Desplsers," bass solo and chorus, Hora
tio Parker; opening ceremonies, Exalt
ed Ruler James M. Shanley; "Love Di
vine, All Love Excelling," from "The
Daughter of Jarius," duo for soprano
and tenor (Stalner); responses, by of
ficers of the lodge.
OPENING ODE.
Great Ruler, cf the Universe,
AH seeins and benlcn.
Look down uoon and bless our work
And be all glory thine.
Oh. ■ hear our prayers for . the honored dead.
While bearlne In our tnlnds
The memories zraven on each heart
For "Auld Lang Sine."
Prayer, Chaplain William Carson
Shaw; "Hark, Hark, My Soul," contral
to solo, soprano obligato and chorus
(Shelley)—
Hark, hark, my soul, aneello sonjrs are
swelling
O'er earth's yreen fields, and ocean's wave
beat shore.
How sweet the truth those blessed strains ,
are telling:.
Of that new life when sin shall be no more.
Oration, Brother Fletcher A. Cutler;
"The Palms," cornet solo, Brother
Thomas • Valerga (Faurre); eulogy.
Brother Elk George W. Frick:
".When Night involves the Skies," bass
solo and quartet (Shelley); closing cere
monies/by the lodge: "Inflammatus."
from "The Stabat Mater." sorJrano solo
and chorus (Rossini); "When thou com
est to the judgment remember thou thy
servants, for none else can deliver us;
save and bring us to thy kingdom,
there to worship with the faithful and
forever dwell with thee";' doxology, .
audience; benediction, chaplain; grand
chorus dialogued, organ solo (Gigout).
A reporter approached a farmer for
news to-day. "I know an item every
day," the farmer said," "except when I
come ; to ; town.'* •
Weather TTenort.
!
(120th Meridian—Pacific Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO. Dec. 3—S p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for the previous day
Cincinnati 42-28 Philadelphia 38-29
fo*ton 3S-18 Washington 44-3O
Jacksonville 74-58 New York 36-->*
St. Loula 4i>-2fl Plttsburg 33-30
Chicago 30-26 Honolulu H I..'78-73
New Orleans 72-M
SAN FRANCISCO 58-45
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfall in last twenty.four hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 21 hours, season, seascn
Eureka 00 9.05 14 31
Red Bluff 00 10.79 S.45
Sacramento 00 7.59 3 5«
San Francisco OO S.R9 443
Fresno CO 5.C« o'.es
Independence 0O 0.45 0.43
San Luis Obispo 0O 4.73 0 5»»
iLoa Angeles 0O J 1.4ft 0*43
San Diego OQ 0.23 o.or
THE COAST RECORD.
B 2 3 3 m
3 3g|| jjl »l 9
STATIONS. I ||JS;|| jp .g
! *» *\ • •
Baker 30.44 44 10 NB Cloudy .00
Carson 30.28 40 24 K Clear .00
EHireka 30.02 60 40 S Cloudy .CO
Fresno 30.0« tt> 36 N Clear .00
S.E. Farallon.:;».•:■{ 59 o2 XW Clear (Ml
Flagstaff 29.76 44 24 NW Clear .06
Pocatello 30.38 34 10 AV Clear .00
Independence .30.02 54 38 NW Clear ntt
Los Angeles...29.W 6tt 5O SW Clear 'o»
Mt Tamalpais.3O.ftS 50 44 NW Clear Ort
North Head...30.CS 56 40 E Cloudy 0*J
Phoenix 29.8O m 48 E Cloudy "«T
Pt Reyes Lt..30.00 61 50 SW Clear 0O
Portland 30.14 48 36 E Pt.CldY *Of>
Red Bluff 29.M 82 36 NW Clear "fiO
Roseburg 30.10 4S 38 N Clear *0r>
Sacramento ..30.04 60 ::s BE Clear *0O
Salt Lake 30.16 40 2S NW Clear *0O
San Francisco.30.OS. 58 48 NW Clear ' *CO
San L. Oblspo.3f>.CO R« 4« NW Clear *r«»
San Diego 29.02 «6 52 W Clear *5»
Seattle 30.18 50 36 N Clear '£>
Spokane 30.42 36 28 N Clear *0O
Tatoosh 3O.0C 50 .. E Clourir "ort
Walla Walla..30.42 34 26 SB CToudy "ort
Wlnnemucca .30.28 42 14 SB Clear "«>
Tuma 29.84 73 BO y Q," ;{g
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The depression which was over the vaii*v «f
the Colorado Saturday U> moving Vlowly eLt?
J£ rt Arf n ™^ WiTO lw . NeW Me*»co an<* East
ern Arizona. Light rain has fallen at Flag
staff, with snow in the San Francisco McraS
talns. Over the* northern half of the coast
coorand cloudy weather prevails. Condltlona
by e su a nX b n ei/hT * '^ °° "* northern co^
ho^Tnd t 1ngm^rdnUhf.%eSer 9C$. ** tt^
California north of Tehachapi— Cloudy con
tinued cool weather Sunday possibly rate in
northern portion Sunday nlghr ■ Iirtt M«t
leWor 1 liSht fr °St9 SUDdar ««™Jw »5 th/55
Southern California—Fair Sunday; cooler la
the morning; light north winds,
Fair Sunday; heavy frosts In morn
™™ a i n Fr *nci sc<> •«<* vicinity-Fair Sunday, be
coming cloudy and threatening at night- llzht
northeast winds. * **u*
Los Angeles and Tlcir.Uy—Fair Sunday
cooler in morning; light north wtnd.
ln S n, C o r ?n m ne^ t>ng F h a t IPn^ n h d e^t: »* "*ht *™
iigMe^Th F w, rJ unday: "Kht ?°* la «°rata *:
A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
When a woman bakes a cake for a
church social she is pretty apt to see
that it is "pushed" when refreshment
Hmo comes.COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Xezv York stocks steady, with continued activity.
Government crop report breaks the Cotton market.
Local stack's and bonds in active movement and steady to firm.
San Francisco bant clearings falling off again.
Shipwent of $228,878 in specie to the Orient.
Sterling Exchange lower and New York Exchange very weak.
Wheat steady, Barley weaker. Oats and Corn unchanged.
Beans, Bran and Hay as previously quoted.
Pctatocs still plentiful and weak. Onions linn.
Poultry weak and in large supply. Wild Ducks higher. . ..
Market overloaded with Apples and Oranges.
Some folk of an im pending cut in Hams and Lard.
Cattfcj Sheep and Hogs as before quoted.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
Grain Bags continue to advance.
Local Bank Clearings.
• Local Bank Gearings for the week ?u«t
•nded were $35,706,014. against $38,438,002
<tur:cg th* corr««pondljig week of 1903. ehow-
Ing a decreese of $2,731.9%. The c!earinr<
for tbe came week in 1902 were $S5,54S,891.
The Break in Cotton.
The New York w^rea of E. F. Hatton & Co.
v'-f.erdaj- eaid:
It la ceecUecs to cay that the Government
estimate of 12.162.000 b&les is s» large that
:t has iSLZti . the trade. No detailed figures
will be given out tO' the Agricultural Bureau
o to how it arrived at auch aa estimate until
:■.:?;-. i£v. The estlsaate of tbe bureau to-day,
fccwever. must be accected at its full value,
erpeeiai'.y aa It hat never been known to err
la over-estimating the crcp. We caa only say
that ri have been wrong, both in the market
p-.z th» cr •;> the last month, but like tr.aiy
ethers cf locg experience we did not believe
tbe South could produce a crop of more than
eleven irl a half million bales, especially
!a view cf the reported extensive damage by
tne boll weevil in Texaa r_ii the ccntinued
referenoe rsaSe in evtrj- cne of the weekly
Oovercsieiit repcrts an3 weather bulletins
througa the mortta of September and October
to the fact that there was little or so top
crop.
Considering the Liverpool cables cur mar
ket epeaea tetter than expected. It was
rtr.oui durisg the entire session and en an
nouncement of the Government crop estimate,
which was a great surprise to the entire
trade, tlie market broke some fifty points.
Tfce coettica that the trade 'will now have
to flecifle la what this crop is worth. The
ccEjrjniptioa of cotton at present prices will
n--> fioubt be the larrest ca record, while the
crop is ei»o the largest. Next to be considered
is tbe future crop. The market closed barely
eteady at about the lowest of the day.
EASTERN* MARKETS.
Xew York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Dec 8. — Close: Money oa call
— Nominal; bo loacs.
Time loaaa^ — F*.m. wjtb sixty days, ninety
ca>s &sd kx months at 4 per cent.
Prime mercantile papei- — *S4^ per cent.
Sterling exchange — Steady, with actual buai
r- 5 in bankers' bills at $4. b&>0 for demaad
and at $4.!>3T5S4.62S0 for eirty day bills.
PoEied rates — 14 64% 0-4 67%.
• "omaercial bills— $4 63%.
liar eilver— 6»%c.
Mexican collars— 47 \c
Bonds — Governments, steady; railroads, Una,
Xew York Stock list.
E. F. Hutton A, Co.. 430 California street,
San Francisco, members of the New York
-■■->. Exchange, furnish the following official
. j ••_£.:; .r.f cf that Exchange:
Saiea-! STOCKS. !High!Low.| Bid.) Ask.
Gi.lOO XmaJg Copper .. 82% 61% Sit* £2
..^-..jAm Can Co ) J 11% 11%
I Do pM I C9 60
K*"" Am Car A Fy Co 84% S3'* 84% 34%
200) Do pfd 1 93 92%! 92% 95
■'■ •■ .-.::. Cotton Oil.. 34 33% j 83% 34
10&i Do pfd 83% 8$%| 92' | 96
XoO.Ara DUt Tel 34*J 34%! 34%j 35
1C«, Am Express ... 211 211 210 J214
An Gr Twine Col 9hi 9%
800 Am Hide & L..| 1O% 10% 10% 10%
300i Do p.'d i 44 43 43% 43%
l.4'«. Am«ric*j» Ice ...| <5% 7% 6% fii^
*<JV, Do pfd ; 8a% 87% 3&% 38
Am Linseed ...1 ] 16% 17%
; Do pfd j j 87 I 40
LSOO.Aja Locomotive. J Zi% 35%
1 Do pfd 103 103%
-200 Ara Malt 6% C% 6 6%
l.feOO, Do pfd 23% 2tt*»| 28% 27
«5.3uo Am Sm & Rf Co 82% 81%! 81% 82
400, Do pfd :113 112*i:112'i|113
4, 400 Am Supar ;i43% 14S%il4&S4)14STi
i Do pfd ». 137 1139
Am Tel & T Co. .*. 147 148
600|Am Woolen 23\ 23V4 23%' 24
Do pfd j .'. 93 1 94
700AcaconAa 117 116 115 116
!Ann Arbor 34 .37
I I*) pf4 64 68
8.000A T&SF 88% 88% feS% fefe%
l,50y, Do pfd 103?, K3S 103% 103%
S4,90'j Bait tc Ohio 99*« 99% U8% P9%
IOj Do pfd (95% 95% 95 »5%
Bay State Gas 87% 50
3.600 B R T C8% «7*4 67^4 68
200 Brocdc Un Gas.. 22o% 220 220 225
1.300 Bruns D A I. ..I 111, 10% u hi;
400 Butterick Co ... 60 W>%| 59% 63
Can Pouthern .. 72 72 70 72
R.700 Canadian Pac ...134% 134 134% 1341,4
,7.0f>f>C & O i 50*« 60 60 50*4
600C & A 44% 44 43% 44%
I Do rM 60 85
iC A E I pfd 130 145
C I & L pfd SO 90
S.«».C 4 G W 25 24% 24% 24%
Do pM A «... 72% 73
100 Do pfd B ! 37% 37% 36% 37%
1 Do <5eh« ( 67 71
«0«C & N W 21 1*. 210 211*4 212
6.6O0C M A St P.... 176%'175%il75S;i7&%
I Do pfd !1S4% 185W
l.W»f. C R I * P (new) 36*4 3*1,, i 3(S\ t 3»>4
10O| TX> pfd ....... 85 65 1*4% 85%
Do 4s j SltJ g 2
l.SOO^lcapo Tern... 13% 13 | 13% 14
4W>' Do pfd 25%: 25 24 23
1.4(K> Chicago Un Trac. 12»4| 32 12H 1284
200; Do pfd 43%! 43 43 43*1
200'C C C A 8t L... 92% 92 P2 92%
:::::::ja^ p L fd & w::::::::::::::^ U *S
j Do piA Trt 120
4.0rK>|Co!» F & 1 67% 56% 56%l .V3W;
I Do pfd .'. »3% »
l.eOOOnl Hock C 4 I. 17% 16*4 17%! 17*4
800 Colo South 22»4 22% 22V I 22*1
.......I DolstpfiJ 6SH 5S%
I Do 24 pfd. . 34*4! 35%
1.600, Coneol Gas ...^. 215% 214% 215 215»-4
100,C\>nt Tob Co pfd. 130%!l30i4;i30 lSlv,
J.lOOCorn Products .. 23i» 22*4! 22% 24
I Do pfd 80 I 79%, S3 81
1.200'Del & Hudson .. 1S8 US7%!lR«^ 188
700'D LAW 340 1338% 839 340
3"iD 4RO 83 33 3S% 34%
. XSOO; Do pfd 8*% 87% 88 88%
' !Des M & Ft D 24 25
500 Detroit' X'n Ry. : 78 j 78 £2U 82%
1(X» D»^roit South 7« 7% 7 7%
4<X>j Do pfd 23 ' 2%*4 2««4 29'
iDiamrmd Match.! 137 138
3,500'DirtiIimg Secur.J 29% 3914 83% S3»4
800; Do bonda ! 95% 85% 05' M
Duluth S S& A.I 12% 13
! Do pfd !.".... ..... 24U 24%
CT'.f'OO Erio I 40% S31-4 K9*i 39%
2.S00; T>j 1st Dfd .. 74% 73*; 73*4 73%
...^'e^t't?".::::. 57 !*.^ •%* g'
' Do rM 80 S3
..3 'G^r.eral Chem ......' Z>2V> 60
"vJ»P" vfi 1 I* 00 iioi
000G<>n EJf^tric .. 191^1131 1191 192
Great North pfd.! I '2J0 !230
-• Grc-en Cois Cop.' ! ! SIM 31%
• • Havana Tcb Co.l 36 88
*«H Do P 5d oiu »i^ ouj 82
7.«wminols Cen .... lC8%-|l57%[157% ir.SU
X '$S« Ia i2' V /^ T •••• 2°^ S^H 20U 20%
400 Do pfd 7b>4 77« 77 77%
..... Inter Fewer * \"~*\ kl
.....Inter Pump 1391^ 40
Dr> pfd 85 on
Uf> Io*a Ontrzl ..(31 31 30 vt
■2i*i\ 1>o pfd I 6«% r/S U 56%
KX»'Kana A Mich ..! 53 2j 35 W
200;K C F S*M pfd! I g 3 gg,;
."ViQIC C South i S0=4 .-,05; ZOK 30*2
2<K> Do p.'d iM 52?4 Kg M*
(Keokuk ADM „ m^j
I^aslede Gas 83 9S
=,100;l E & W 42U 41% 41% <2%
! Do pfd 101 104
'Long I.-Ier-J K} «"♦%
2.000. Lou if A Nash...fl48«« 14Cli!14€% 140*1
«00' Manhattan 1CS% 1CS "1167% IC8
!M#x.fcat Beach I 9% u
T.?V»'Mei:opolitaa* Sec "2Vi S2U| !e2ail s^ii
4f#'Mct St Ry 125^!l24V4il24i-iil2l5
5.2t(C*i:«cican CentraLJ 22%l 22 | 2214! 22%
20<j;M!nn & St L... C31.J C2% R2 64
COc; Do 1st pfd I..... .....I S3 08
III. 6t P ic E S Ml 91 ' OO%t SO%j 0114
Do ptd U*5»; H5%1145% 14o'
iMn. Ksn & Tex. I 33ttj S3% 33% 34
400; Do pf.V ! C3^f C3UJ 63% C3%
i:.S00iMic»ourt Paclflcilll^lllO'; 1110% 111
......JXaeh. C * £t L.j J.....J147 1148
K«00: National Lead...! 24% 24%} 24% 2i%
700| Do pfd j 97*41 O-r=it 97>4 87%
TOOlNtl R H Mex sfdl 43 J 42%j 41*4 42' /t
400!NaUonal Biscuit: 6GH!^6Vil 58' 56H
1 Do pfd...'.. ...(,.....115 llfltt
lOOjNew Jersey Cen. 191»4 191% 101 192
C.OO0N Y Air Brake.. 163- 159 162' 1C3'
l.lOOiNew York. Cen.. 141 140^i 140 140%
l.OOOjN Y, C & St L. 46 " 45% 46 46&
1 Do 1st pfd.":". ....'. I.... 114 121
I Do 2d pfd ...~-.. 77*4 78
lOOiX.Y. N H & H.. 19C% 196*4 196U 197
l.OOOjN Y. Ont & W.. 45 43«4 44U 44%
2,500:Norfolk & West. 7G»i 75H 75*4 76
'.{ Do pfd : .1.190 94
400 North American. 104*4 104%|104 104%
Northern Sees 124- 124%
Omaha , 158 150%
I Do pfd .'.190 195
..:.... O S L 4s. 103% 104
Pacific Coast.' 78 76%
Do 1st pfd OS 102
Do 2d pfd ; 82% S3
1.10O Pacific Mall 48*4 *TC4| *"H 4SH
33.300 Penn R R Co... 139 13S»4 12S'* 139
7. SOOi People's Gas 112% lll\llll»i 112
IPere Marquette 75 80
) TK> p?d 76 77
1.800 P. C C & St L. 7S% 76 78 7S%
| Do pfd 104 106
1.600'Prosed Steel Car 41% 40*; 40% 41
SOOi Do pfd 91%! 90% 91% 91%
1 Pullman Car Co. 220% 200 (239 241
2,100 Ry Steel Springs. Z2\ 32% 32% 33
4001 Do pfd 82*i 02% 92\ 83
106,300' Reading 79% 80 79* 7»%
300 Do 1st pfd SS»» SS% 6S*4 S9
1.200- Do 2d pfd S2 60*4 61% S2
2.200'RerubUc S & I. 17»i 17% 17^4 17%
COO Do pfd 71 -70% 10% 73
l,40ORubber Goods... 28 27% 2S14 2S%
| Do pfd OS 9* 96 97%
2,300S!oes S S &. I Co 63% 62 62% 63
700' Do pfd 105 102 102 106
lOOStJ&GI 17 16 16% 17
Do 1st pfd 56 68 .
Do 2d pfd 2S 29
(StL * SF 1st pf 77H 78
100 Do 2d pfd CS% 68 68 6S%
l,400:St L fc S W.... 27K 27 27 27%
3.6001 Do pfd 59%| 58% 5S% 58%
9.600 Southern Pacific. 67 %| 66*41 66*4 67
7.900 Southern Rallwy 36% 36% 36 % 36%
4.4001 Do pfd 96% 96»» ! 96% 9S%
Standard Oil 1632 638
IStand R & Tw 4 4%
S.SOOTenn Coal & I. 76% 75«4l 76% 76%
Tex Pac L T Co 38 39
S.SOO'Texas Paciflo .. 87 36% 37 37%
iThird Ave 131 133
100. To! Ry & T Co. 22% 22% 22% 23
SnOTol EtL£ W..i 36% 36V4 35% 36%
6001 Do pfd I 65% 55 55 5514
Twin City R T. 107 106% 106% 107
lOO'Un Bag & Paper! 12% 12 11 12
I7,5O0;Union Pacific .. 116 115% 115% 115*4
600 Do pfd 95H 95 94% 95%
Do Coot 4s 15«4 16
U R of S F.... 25 24 23 24%
». Do pfd 68 68% 67% 68
Do 4s 87«4 87%
1,300 U S Cast I Pipe 20% 20% 20% 20%
P00! Do pfd 80^ 79%! 79Ti 80
42.5O0.U S Leather .. 15i<, 14»4l 15% 15*4
2,100' Do pfd 9S% 97*i| 94%| 95%
100U S Rubber ... S3U 83UI 33%| 35
700 Do pfd 93 92%! 92 I 93
£3.3flo!u S Steel Cor.. 32T; 32% 32 ,1 S2%
f.».wv>i Do pfd (95% 94% 95 195%
2,500,'Va-Car Checi Co] 44 43% 43*jt 43%
3001 Do pfd ....... 1114 113% 113% 115*4
400-.Wabash I 23% 23% 23% 22»4
600! Do pfd 47 46*41 <«% 4VH
I Do deb Bs 68 6S^£
IWells-Fargo Ex. '242 1250
100' Western Union . 92% I 92% I 92%! 93
iWestlnKhouse -.1*4 1183 1S2V.J1S3
100'W t L B 2rt 20 19%t 2O%
inn! Do IM pfd I 47 47 4«%1 47%
loo! Do 24 pfd ! 29 29 2S SO
400] Wisconsin Cent. I 24 23VJ 23»4i 24
400( Do pfd I 47T4 47»i .47% 4S
|So Pac pfd iim4ili7%!ii7%jii-«.
9C3,900— Total shares sold. /
New York Bonds.
U S ref 2s. reg..lO4 |L & N unified 4s. 103%
Do coupon 104%LMan con gold 4s. 105
Do 3s. reg lOjU.Aiexican Cen4s... 76%
Do coupon 104% Do let Inc., 24%
Do new 4s, reg. 130% M & St L 4s 97
5o coupon 131 IM. K & T 4s. ... .101
Do old 48. reg. .106 Do 2ds S8
Do coupon 106J4 Ntl R -Mex con 4s 8lTi
Atchison gen 4s..lO2J,iN Y Cen gen 3%8.101iJ
Do adj 4s KIMS'* Cen gen 5 «--«6%
AtlactlTc L 4s.. 99% 1 '" 1 Pac 4 »--W5V4
Che? & 'oSo 4%#.107%|Reading gen 4i...lO2%
Sf & Alton 3%s. 82% 4 StL & IM con 5s.. 116
r B & Q new 4*.100%IStL & SK f K 4s.. S0%
CsTft StP gen 4s.llO%St L S W l,ts... 97%
r & V W «m 7s. 12S%: Seaboard A L 4s.. S5
£ niiP RR 4s. S2 Southern Pac 4s.. 9314
'd% wl 5s^ 9414 Southern Ry J*.. lifl£
C C?C*Sfc Ken 4s .101 Texas & PM 1, u.l»<
g% t fS 4 5. 8 :: % u D s i?eV v , S a^ga
ZZ & Klo G 4S.101U VVabash lsts 117S
F^W A DC ists.lOSHlWlsconsm Ce.n ll. 02%
Hocking Val 4%b.111 I
Xew York Mining Stocks.
Afianss Con 25j Little Chief ...; o*
Alice 60|Ontario 350*
Breec* 1 ?s2P hir 2 45
Brunswick Con lSIPhoenlx 17
Comstoek Tunnel.. 08;Potos! jq
Con, Cal & Va 1 8<VSavage 27
Horn Silver 1 45!Sierra Nevada 45
Iron Silver 2 OolSmall Hopes 26
Leadville Con 02|Standard ...1 90
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— jU S Steel 32%
Call loans 3JT4t Do pfd 84%
Time loans 4@5!WestIng Common. 92
Bonds — Mining —
Atchison 4a 102 Adventure Bit
Do a<U 4s 93% AHouez ntj
Mex Central 4s... 76 Amal Copper .... 81%
Railroads — Amer Zlno JSii
Atehison 88% Atlantic 17%
Do pM 103%tBingham 87U
Hoston A AIbany.254 ICalumet A Hecla.675
Boston A Maine.169^4^Centennial 2SU
Boston Elev 153 iCopper Range ' 6SH4
Fltchburg pfd 133 V*\ Daly West ..... 13
Mex Central 21% Dom Coal RSii
N Y. N H & H..197 IFranklin r>
Union Pacific... •.115%!Grancy gu
Miscellaneous — llgle Royal« 36
Amer Arge Chem. 23 |Ma5« Mining .... n«
Do rfd 85% Michigan ..? 8U
Amer Pnen Tube. 5%'Mohawk ......... 54%
Amer Sugar 148%folont Coal A Coke 4W
Do pfd 137 (Old Dominion . 27 ■
Amer Tel A TeI.147%:Osceola o«
Amer Woolen ... 23%iParrot 30
Do pfd 94- [Oulncy 114
Dom Iron & P... IS (Shannon 8T4
Rd Elect Ilium.. 253 |Tamarack 1?5
Gen Electric 190 (Trinity jju
Mass Electric 15 iU S Mining 2SU
Do pfd C2M U S Oil .nx2
Maes Gas SSUjUtah 45M
United Fruit IOC (Victoria / 5%
Un Shoe Mach... r.9%|WInona n
Do pfd 31 iWolverlne 107%
London Closlne Stocks.
Cons for money.. 87%lNew York Cen... 144%
Cons for acct SSViiNorfolk A West... 78%
Anaconda . . . 6 I D o pfd .-. . . . . 95
AtchiBOn .'. fll«.|Ontario & Wat..'. 44',!
Do -pta 106li|Penn«ylvanla ..... 71%
Bait & Ohio...... 102% 1 Rand Mines....... 1114
Canadian Paciflc.l37«;i Reading ••'. 40^1
Ches & Ohio..... .-51*41 Do 1st pfd. 45%'
Chi Great West.. 23 I Do 2d pfd....... 41'4
C. M & St P. 181 iSouthem Ry..;... 371Z
De Beers 18%l Do pfd. . 68 ■".
Denver tc Rio G. 34 ISouthem Peciflc. . . 68T4
Do pfd... .' SOMlUnion Pacific. ....llftQ
Erie ...41 I Do rfd... ....... 97%
Do lrt pfd..... 75»;!U S Bteel..;.. SXU
Do 2d ofd 5S%; Do pfd.. »6«i
Illinois Central... 102 .. 1 Wabaeh ....;..... 24H
Louis & Na?h....ir^)V. 1 dq pfd.......... 47%
Mo Kan & Tex.. .>4?s!
Bar silver— Steady; 27 7-lCd per ounce.
Money — 2 per cent. .-■ • •
The ratC; cf discount, in the open market for
short Mils' is Z'/teiS ■ per cent * and for - three
months* bills 2%02 15-lfi per cent. .•
Associated : Banks'. Statement.
NEW YORK. Dec. 3. — The statement of av
erages of the clearing-house banks of the city
for the week shows: Loans $1. 000. 0C2.900." de
crease $11,SIS.OOO; deposits. 1,127,878,100, de
crease 110,334,100; circulation ■ J42. 120.500. de-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY. DECEMBER 4. 1904:
crease ; legal tenders $77,047,500, in
crease $1,470,800; specie $212,561,100. decrease
tj.3SG.70U; reserve ?290,59!»,e00, decrease . $3.-
OZo.UOO; reserve required $281,969,525 decrease
54.083.6C0; surplus $8,539,075. increase $157,700;
*x-United States deposits $14,372,375 Increase
$14i,o50.
Condition of the Treasury.
V. ASHIXGTOX, Dec. 3.— To-day 1 * statement
of the Treasury shows: Available cash bal
ances, 1142,244, £23; gold. SS4.&24.0S2.
Xcw .York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. 3.— COTTON— Futures
cpened easy. December. 8.34c; January. 8.50c:
February, S.62c; March, S. 72c bid; May,. 8.80c*
August, S.t9c bid.
- Futures closed barely steady. December.
«.»lc; January, Sc; March. 8.20c; April,
8.2oc; May, S.3lc; June, 8.82c; July 8.35c; Au
rust, 8.25c. '
Spot cotton closed quiet. 40 points decline,
Middling uplands. 8.60c; middling gulf. 8.85c.
No sale(.
Export^ and Imports.
NEW YORK, Dec. 3.— Total Imports of dry
ffoods ard general merchandise at the, port
of New York for the week ending: to-day were
valued at f 12, 649, 125.
Exports of FDecie from New; York for the
week were $1,953,000 rold and $338,074 silver.
Imports of specie during the week were |937O
la silver and S617.7Cd gold.
Xew York Metal Market.
NEW, YORK; Dec. 3. — To-day's metal mar
kets were quiet at prices holding about steady
at Friday's basis. Copper was quoted at 14.87^
@13.1L > i4c:el«ctrolytlc,14.75#lo.OOc, and casting
at 14.50314.75c. Tin - steady. Spot. 2».25®
2».75c; lead, 4.60©4.70c; spelter, 5.75j?5.S7i4;
iron unchanged. • . . -
New-York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Deo. 3— FLOUR— Receipts,
16,200 barrels; exports, 7700 barrels. Market
dull. .Minnesota patents,' $5 85<36 10;- Minne
sota bakers,- $4 40@4 75; winter patents, $5 50
6-3 90; • winter straights, $5 25^5 45; winter
extras, $3 €594 80; winter low grades, $3 43
(£? 1 30. - - - * '- ■
WHEAT— Receipts, 54,000 bushels; exports,
23,600 bu6h«lB. Spot, steady; No. 2 red, $1 20W
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth. $1 21%
f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba, $1 05 f.
o. b. afloat. Very cold weather West led to
further strength in wheat to-day. The market
closed %c higher. May closed $1 12%; July
closed ?1 03?*; December closed $1 17 hi
HOPS — Quiet. State common to choice, 1904
crcp. 30008c; 1903 crop, 30@85c; olds, 14c
Pacific Coast 1904 crop, 80@39o; 1903 crop.
2&S34c; ol.ls. 14gl7c
HIDES — Firm. Galveston, 20 to 25 pounds.
18c; California, 21 to 25 pounds, 19c; Texas
dry. 14 %c.
WOOL— Firm. Domestlo fleece, 323350.
PETROLEUM— Steady. \
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair refining, 4%c; cen
trifugal, 06 test, 4%c; molaases sugar. 4c. Re
fined, firm; No. 6. 6.05c; No. 7. 5.00c; No*. 8,
4.00c; No. 9. 4.85o; No. 10, 4.80c; No. 11.
4.70c; No. 12, 4.65c; No. 13, 4.60c; No. 14,
4.60c. Confectioners' A. 4.30c; mould A, 6.70c;
cut loaf, C.15c: crushed. 6.15c; powdered, 5.50c;
granulated, 5.45c; cubes, 6.70c.
COFFKE; — Futures closed steady at an ad
vance of 6 to 10 points. Sales. 31,750 bags.
December, 6.S0c; January, 6.95c; February,
7.10c; March. 7.15@7.20c; May. 7.35@7.40c;
July. 7.60c; September, 7.70©7.75c Spot Rio,
steady; No. 7 invoice, 8%c; mild, steady;
Cordova. 10tgri3c.
BUTTER — Strong. Street price, extra
creamery. 27c; official price, creamery, com
mon to extra, 17@27c; State dairy, common to
extra, 156>!>5c.
CH EESE— Unchanged.
EGGS — Strong. 'Western average best, 30o.
DRIED FRUITS,
EVAPORATED APPLES — The market shows
no material change. Common, 3%<34c; prime,
4©5c: choice, 5@5%c.
PRUNES — Moving fairly well. Quotations
range from 2c to 6c. according to grade.
APRICOTS — Steady. Choice. 9#10c; extra
choice. 10U©10V>c; fancy. ll@15c.
PEACHES— Steady. Choice, 9@9Kc; extra
choice, 9%@10c; fancy. 10%@llc.
CHICAGO BOARD OP TRADE.
Future Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, Dec. 8. — Among the factors that
created strength abroad were indications of a
decrease In world's shipments, and the wheat
market opened firm with May up Hglic and
**c and $1 10\«il 10% and $1 11. France was
asserted to be on an importing basis and'
was reported as having recently been a buyer
of Indian and Australian cargoes. A more im
portant influence was a statement that all of
fers of Argentine wheat for January and Feb
ruary ahipments had been withdrawn. For
the moment, however, tbe domestic situation
appeared rather less bullish, snow having
fallen In some sections of the winter wheat
country- Receipts in th« Northwest also were
somewhat larger than last week. In conse
quence many traders were Inclined to ignore
foreign conditions and were quite liberal sell
ers early. The result was a reaction in
prices. May declining to $1 10%. But the
weakness was only temporary, a rally quickly
occurring as soon as selling pressure subsided.
The predominating tone of advices from the
Southwest to-day wa« decidedly In favor of
the bulls. The anxiety regarding the winter
wheat crop was increased by the Ohio report,
which made the condition of growing wheat In
that State 75, a loss of 12 points within a
month. This showing was quite enough to
create considerable apprehension regarding the
general effect of the prevailing dry weather.
Throughout the last half of the session senti
ment in the pit was bullish and prices gradu
ally advanced. The market closed practically
at the highest point of the day. After touch
ing $1 10%, May" closed %c up at $1 10«*@
1 10%. 1
Expectations of enlarged receipts In the near
future was the cause of persistent selling of
corn. May cloeed at 45*i@45%c, a loss of
%«>*c.
Influenced by weakness of corn a bear raid
was made on the oats market. May closed
off %c. . .
Profit- taking by some of yesterday's buyers
caused an easier tone In provisions. Pros
pects of lower orices for corn was an In
fluence oontributingvto the weakness. At the
close May pork was off 7%c, lard and. ribs
were each down 2%c.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
December 109% 109% 108% 100%
May 1 11 1 11% 1 10% 1 11%
July 99% 99% 69 99%
Corn No. 2 —
December 48% 48% 47% 47T4
May 45*4 *&% 45% 45%
July 45*4 45*4 45% 45%
Oats No. 2 —
December 2914 29U 29 29J4
May 3U4 31»4 30% 31 r
July 31% 31% 30J, 80%
Me*s Pork, per bbl —
January ...12 97% 12 S7% 12 82% 12 S5
May 13 22% 13 22% 13 10 13 15
Lard, per 100 lbs —
January 7 00 "7 02% 6 97% 6 97%
May 7 20 7 20 7 15 7 17%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs —
January 6 62% 6 62% 6 CO 6 62%
May 6 82% 6 85 6 80 6 82%
Cash Grain and Provisions.
• CHICAGO. Dec 3. — Cash quotations were as
follows: FHour. steady; patents, $5 10®5 20;
straights; $4 80-35; spring patents. $4 90@5 40:
straights, (4 E0#4 90; bakers. $3 50®8 90; No. 2
spring wheat, $1 06«?l 15; No. 3, $1 03©l 12;
No. 2 red. *L12?b®1 13&; No. 2 corn, 47%c;
No. 2 yellow, 48c; No. 2 oats. 29c; No. 3 white,
30%c; No. 2 ry*. 74c: good feeding barley, 38c;
fair to choice malting. 42®49c: No. 1 naxseed.
fl 15; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 23: prime timothy
seed, $2 70; mess pork, per barrel. $11 50®ll 53;
lard, per 100 lbs, $8 97%: short ribs sides
floose), $6 62%@6 75; short clear etdes (bojed),
$6 67%@7; whisky, basis of high wines, $124;
clover, contract grade, $12 60. "
Articles — Receipts/ Shipments.
Flour, barrels 29,600 10,900
Wheat, bushels 89,600 50,300
Corn, bushels 438,200 245,300
Oats, bushels. ". 137.800 83,300
Rye, bushels ........ 700
Barley, bushels 87,500 ; 21,800
Butter,' Cheese and Egps.
CHICAG6, Dec. 3. — On the Produce Ex
change to-day the ; butter • market was firm.
Creameries, 16@26%c; dairies, 14%@22c. Eggs,
firm at mark, 19%@24o, firsts 24%c. prime
firsts 26%c, extras 2S%c. Cheese, steady, 11
©12c • r, • .•
CATTLE, SHEEP AND HOGS.
Chicago. i
CHICAGO, Deo. 3.— CATTLE— Receipts, 400 '
head; steady. Good _ to prime * steers. ; $<J 10© i
7 25; poor, to medium. $3 75@5 90; stackers
and feeders, $2 25-94' 25: cows and heifers,
$1 50@5; canners, $1 35@2 40; bulls,~$2:@4-25;
calves, $3 50© 5; Western steers, $3 50^5. <
HOGS— Receipts, 22,000 head; Monday. 43,- 1
000; market stronger. Mixed and butchers, 1
$4 45£4 70; good to choice • heavy. $4 CO® ■
4 72%; rough heavy, $4 40@4 45; light. $4 45@ ! ,
4 60: bulk of. sales,- $4 CO@4 65. I '
SHEEP — Receipts," 3000 head: sheep eteady ;h
lambs strong. Good to choice ' wethers; $4 4Og> <
4 50; fair to choice mixed. $3 50@4 30;.West
ern sheep. $304 00; native lambs, $4 5096 15-
Western lambs, $4 50®6.
Kansas City. i
ICANSAS Crry, Dec. 3.— CATTLE-^Re- ! 1
ceipts,- 1500 head; steady. Native steers,, $3 00 ' !
@fl 25; Southern steers, $2 5094 25; Southern { :
cow?, $1 C0®4 25; ; native • cows and'- heifers ,"
$1 50@5; : stockers and. feeders, $2 50g5; bulls :
$2&3 50; calves, , $2 50®6 25: Western steers'
?S0?4 75; Western cows, $1 5O#3 50." . ', <
HOGS— Receipts, 6000 . head ; market steady I
to strong. " Bulk. of sales,' $4 3O§4 60: ■ heavy 1 !
H 50(94 70: packers, $4 45#4 CO; pigs Jtnd - '•
lights. $4g4 50. ,_ :
SHEEP— Receints. 500 head; market steady. "!
Muttons, $3 75@5 513;.' lambs. $4 50@C; range
Wethers, $4©4 50; ewes, $2 5O@4 25.
Oiualia.
OMAHA.- Neb.. /Dec. 3.— CATTLE— Re
ceipts, . 500 head; market steady and un
changed. ' ■ ■ ■; . - " ■•■■■' ' .
HOGS— Receipts.' 11,500 head: market steady.
Heavy, $4 45@4 55: mixed, $1 G0@>4 52%; light.
$i 45@4 55; pigs. $4 @4 40; bulk of sales, $4 45
@4 50.
SHEEP — Receipts, 1500 head; market strong.
Western yearlings. $4 30® 4 65; wethers, $4 20
@4 CO; ewes, >4g4 5O.
MISCELLANEOUS MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wfieat — . I>»c- 4 March. ; May.
Opening T2U 7 4»4 7 4%
Closing T.2% 7 4V4 7 4%
PARIS.
Wheat — Deo. Mar. -June.
Opening • ...24 20 25 45
Closing 24 20 25 45
Flour —
Opening 3195 83 20
Closing •• 31 95 S3 20
St. Ixmis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIE. Dec. 3.— WOOL— Strong. Medi
um i grades, combing and clothing, 22&20c;
light fine, 18©2U%c; heavy fine, 14018c; tub
washed, 2C@40c. ■ - • ' ' '
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Dec. 3.— Wheat for export.
Walla Walla. 60c: blue stem, 85c. For East
ern markets. Walla Walla. 85c; blue Btem,
00c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Dec. 8. — Wheat, unchanged; blue
stem. 86c; club, S5c.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. Dec. 3.— Clearings, $771,878; bal
ances, ?182,W1.
TACOMA, Dec 8.— Clearings, $524,565; bal
ances. (62,158.
PORTLAND. Deo. 8.— Clearings. . $573.42S;
balances. $74,729.
SPOKANE. Dec. 8.— Clearing*, $469,668;
balances, $33,765.
LOCAL MARKET.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange Is weaker. New York la
also very weak, with transactions with large
operators and between banks at rates as low
as 3@4o discount. Counter - ratea, . as quoted
below, show no change. Silver is a traction,
higher.
The Korea took out a treasure list of $228>
878, consisting of $9623 in Mexican dollars and
$143,000 in silver bullion for Hongkong and
$76,250 in silver bullion for Hiogo.
LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. $4 83%«»4 84
Sterling Exchange, sight 4 86%@4 87
Sterling Exchange, cables ...... 4 87 04 87%
New York Exchange, sight.... Par ©
N. Y. Exchange, telegraphic... C2%& —
Silver, per ounce : . . . . — Q 69%
Mexican Dollars • 4S%@ 4S?»
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Paris ....B1C%
New York on Mexico ...205
Paris on London 25.16
Berlin on London 20.38%
Wheat and Other Grains.
.WHEAT— Liverpool futures were higher.
Paris futures were unchanged.
Chicago was %o higher. Broomhall cabled
Argentine weather Improving and all offerings
of Argentine cargoes for January and February
withdrawn. Ohio crop report shows condition
of .75, against .87 last month and .83 last
year. Cash markets report a better demand.
In this market futures were firm In sympa
thy with Chicago, but were without feature.
The cash grain was steadier at previous prices.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 45©1 52%: California
White Australian, $1 60@l 62%; Northern
Club, $1 50®l 52%, with none oSering; North
ern Bluestem> $1 60@l 62%; Northern Red.
$1 «7% per ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $143% $144U $143% $144%
Decen.ber .. 1 41% 1 41% 1 «% 1 *lVv
BARLEY — Closed the week with heavy re
ceipts of 21,000 ctls and tbe market weak
at a fractional decline.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed, $1 C5@l 12%; Brewing and Shipping,
$1 15®1 17%; Chevalier, $1 15® 1 20 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Seeelon 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close."
May $100 $1 09% $i 08% $108*4
December .. 1 10% 1 10%- 1 10V4 . 1 lOVt
OATS — The week closed with the market
quiet and unchanged.
White. $1 42%® 1 67%; Surprise. $1 650160;
Red for feed, $1 32%©1 45 for No. 1 and
$1 22%@1 30 for No. 2; extra fine for seed,
$1 42%@1 50; Black. $1 30@l 35 for feed and
$1 45© 1 62% for seed.
CORN — A large line of - 2400 ctls came in
from the. West. The market Is easy and quiet
at the decline noted yesterday. <
Western sacked, $1 40$l 45 for Yellow,
White and ' Mixed ; California large Yellow,
$1 4Ofil 45: small round do, $1 80; White,
nominal: Egyptian. $1 35@1 40 for White and
$1 17%©1 20 for Brown.
RYE— $1 40@l 45 per etl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at about . $2 per
cental.
Floor and MUlstnfTs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, S4 80®
5 10 usual terms; Bakers' Extras, S4 70@5;
Oregon and Washington, Jobbing at |4®4 50
per bbl.
M1LLSTUFFS — Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour, $2 75 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour, $3 25: Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour,
$7; Corn MeaL 92 50; extra cream do, $3 60;
Oat Meal, $4; Oat Groats, 54 25; Hominy,
$3 00<g3 85; Buckwheat Flour, |4 25; Cracked
Wheat. $3 75; Farina, $4; Whole Wheat
Flour $3 50: Rolled Oats. bbls. $6 75@7 50; In
sacks.' $4 25; Pearl Barley. $5; Split- Peas,
boxes. $5 50; Green Peas, $5 SO per. 100 lbs.
Hay and Fecdstuffs.
Previous prices rule for everything under
this head, Hay being steady and Feedstuffs
firm.
. BRAN— $20@21 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— *25©28 per ton.
SHORTS— $20©21 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $24ff 24 50 per
ton- Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31 50©32 50;
Jobbing. $33: Cocoanut . Cake. $23©24; Cocoa
nut Meal. $24@25; Corn Meal, $31 SOQ32:
Cracked Corn, $32@32 50: Mixed Feed. $220
23; Horse Beans, $30@40 per ton;. Broom
Corn Feed. 90c per ctl.
HAY— Wheat. $10®15; Wheat and Oat $10«
14; Oat. $9@12; Barley and Oat, $8911; Volun
teer Wild Oat, $ 7@10; stable. $»©1O; stock.
$5 50@7; Clover, $7010; Alfalfa, $9®12 per
STRAW — 35ee0c per bale. \ ':
Beans and Seeds.
Both Beans and Seeds are quiet and quota
tions run along day after day with few
changes.
BEANS — Bayos, $2 75@3:. Pea, nominal;
Butter. $3@3 25; small White. $3 I5@3 30;
large White, 12 4002 65: Pink. $2 7523 15;
Red. (4 25@4 50; Lima, $4 15@4 25; Red Kid
neys, $4 60: Blackeyes. $2 60@2 75 per ctl:
Horse Beans. $1 85@2 40. -
* SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal— no good
lots offering; Yellow Mustard 3i;©3%c; Flax,
$2#2 75; Canary, 6%c: Alfalfa, 12%ei3c;
Rape. 1%®2%c; Timothy, 5*4c; Hemp 3%©
8*4e pe r lb; Millet, 2%@3%c; , Broom Corn
Seed. $20@?l per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, (1 7592 60; Green
Peaa. $1 75©2 50 per ctl. .
Potatoes, Onions 'and Vegetables.
Receipts of Potatoes wer» moderate and con
slated chiefly, of low-grade stock from the
river districts, which continued to drag at
weak prices. Fancy Burbanks were well
cleaned up and .steady. No fresh Sweets were
received and carried-oyer lots moved -freely at
the previously quoted rates. Onions were ; In
light receipt and fancy offerings were firmly
held, although the demand was nothing extra.
Vegetables were ■ In ample supply and there
was continued firmness : in • the best offerings.
Receipts of Peas Included much poor stock,
hence the wide rang© in prices. The best lots
sold readily . at 5@6c : per pound, while poor
stock was hard to dispose of even at the mini
mum quotation. All kinds of Beans were firm
at higher rates. •■■-• -._.--■ . . .
POTATOES— Burbanks from the river, 403
70c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks, $1 10@l'42% per
ctl; Oregon - Burbanka, 75c@$l . per ctl; River
Reds, C0@7Oc per ctl; Sweet Potatoes 75@S5c
per ctl.
ONIONS— $2ff2 40 per ctl for fancy; cut onions
$1 7562 - per sack. - _
VEGETABLES — Green Peas,' 2%©6c per lb;
String Beans, -4@6c per lb;-Wax Beans, 4<2 6c;
Lima Beans. 4@7c per lb; Tomatoes, 60c®$l
per box; Summer Squash. 75@S0c per box for
southern and • $1 25 for. bay; Cabbage, C5@70c
per ctl; Carrots. 75c per sack; Cucumbers,
90c@$l 25 per box; Garlic. 4%©5o per lb; Egg
Plant,"; large boxes. • $1 25; do southern 436c
per lb: Dried Peppers, nominal; Green Peppers.
40350c * per ■ box; 4 Marrowfat , and - Hubbard
Squash. $8@10 per ton for round ■ Iota.
Poultry. and. Game. '
Poultry closed : the week with -the. market
quiet and quite a large carry-over of domestic
stock on : hand. Large young : Hens /wsr» > re
ported steady,"; while ordinary offerings ; of
chickens were ' weak, as retailers - were well
supplied with Western stock ; eight . cars of
which i were received 1 during . the , week. There
was a i good demand for Game and all descrip
tions ' cleaned - up .. readily. ; Teal, Sprig and
small Ducka were quoted higher. . . . .
-'■'- POULTRY, '— Dressed -'-Turkej-s, -- nominal;
Live ; Turkeys. ; 15@17c" per lb; Geese, per pair,
S2@2 23; Goslings. $2 25@2 50; Ducks $5@G
per dozen" /or old and $0^8 for young;' Hens.
$44f4 50 for small and $5@5 00 for large; young
Roosters, $5S5;50; old Roosters." $4@4 50; Fry
ers. $4®4 00; . Broilers. ?2 SO®!; Pigeons $1®
1" 25:'. Squabs, -f2S2 25. . - ' * J
'-■■■ GAME— Mallard : Ducks, $3©4 . per I dozen:
Canvaeback. $3»4; Teal $1 5001 75; Sprig.
$2#3 : -'- Widgeon.-- $1 25@1 50; Red , Heads.
$1 50@2: small Ducks. $1 2591 CO; Gray Geese.
$2g3; White; Geese, ~$1@1 75; Brant
2 50; Honkers^ $3€ 5; Snipe. $3 for English and
$1' 50 for common ; Doves. $1 26 ; Hare, • $1' 50O
1 75; Rabbits, $2 for Cottontails and $1 50 for
Brush.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs-
The. recent depression In ' Butter has now
pretty well passed away. Stocks, though still
ample for all needs, are no longer burdensome,
and some - houses rejKJrt that buyers, finding
that they can get fresh creameries about as
cheap as storage goods, ' are coming - back to
them again. Prices remain the same, but the
feeling -is rather steadier. ■" r - -r
The weakness in Cheese seems to be grad
ually Increasing . and sellers are willing to
meet buyers, even at concessions. Quotations,
ho"wever, remain unchanged.
• Receipts of Eggs have been moderate of late,
the coid weather has caused larger consump
tion, and the market is not as- weak as it has
been, but prices remain as before.
Receipts were 31,000 lbs Butter, 62S cases
Eggs and 7300 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands, 21e
for extras and lS©20c for lower to medium
grades; dairy. 17® ISc; cold storage, nominal:
store Butter. 10® 14c; Eastern cubes, nominal;
Eastern ladle-packed, 15@16c. . ._. "*
. CHEESE— 11 %£12c for choice mild new and
lO®llc for old; cold storage, 10^@ lie; Young
Americas 12@12%c; Eastern. 10@15c per lb.
EGGS — Ranch, 35@3Sc for good to fancy and
CSS 32 Ho for common-; cold storage. 23Q30c;
Eastern. 25®28c for choice, 22»24c lor stand
ards and 1U&21C for seconds.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Tbe fruit market was quite active during
the early trade under the usual extra demand
for Sunday requlrementa. but after, wants of
early buyers were filled the market became
quiet and continued so throughout the day.
Berries were weaker, as there were practically
two days' receipts on the : market. A good
portion of the Malindas were turned over to
peddlers at the inside quotation and the top
quotation for Longworths was obtained only
for small parcels of extra fancy stock. Winter
Nellis Pears and , choice Verdel Grapes wera
in limited supply and firmly held at higher
prices, but quotations for^ other fruits were
unchanged. Stocks of Apples were Increased
by six carloads, one from Colorado and the
balance from Oregon and Washington. Sup
plies of Navel Oranges were heavy and con
sisted chiefly of large sizes, which were very
weak. Small and medium sizes were In fair
request.- but supplies were more than sufficient
for requirements.
STRAWBERRIES— Longworths, $7^13 per
chest: Cheneys. $506; Malindas and Brandy
wines. $1 50@4. .
RASPBERRIES— $6@7 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 9811c per lb. ,_
CRANBERRIES— $lCeil per bbl for East
ern and $2 7563 per box for Coos Bay.
APPLES— $1 25 per box for extra fancy, 75e
C$1 for ordinary fancy and 40365c for common
to choice: Lady Apples, $2@2 25 per box.
PBARS— Winter Nellis. $1 50@l 75 per box;
cooking varieties. 50c@$l per. box.
PERSIMMONS— 50©ti5c per box.
GRAPES— Crate*. $1 25®1 50 for Verdel and
40@S5c for oth«r varieties; small boxes, SOJJSOc;
open boxes, — — .
CITRUS FRUITS — Oranges, Navels, $1©2
per box; Seedlings, 75c@$l; Tangerines, 75c for
amajll and $16125 for large boxes; Japanese
Mandarins, $161 50 per box; Lemons, $2 60@3
for fancy. $1 75®2 25 for choice and $1©1 50
for standards; Grape Fruit, $1 75@2 50; Mexi
can . Limes, $4 per case; Bananas, $2@3 per
bunch for Central American and $1@2 for Ha
waiian; Pineapples. $1 6O®3 50 per do«ea.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins, Honey.
The steamer 'Memphis took out for Germany
on Friday 718,966 lbs of Prunes, valued at
$9141.
The market for all descriptions under this
head remains unchanged.
FRUITS — Apricots 8®10%c for Royals and
9%©12c for Moorparks; Nectarines, 6%@7%c
for White and 6% £ 7c for Red; Peaches. ~\@
8*4o per lb; Pears. 7©12c; Pluma, pitted. 6@
6%c for blacks. 7%SSV4c for red and 7fi8%c
for yellow; Figs, 2-crown bricks, 50c; 3-crown.
65c 4-crown. 60c; 6-crown, 65c; bulk white,
2%©So; black 2H@5%c; Evaporated Apples.
4%@fi%c per lb.
PRUNES— l?»@l*4c per lb for the four sixes
and 2%c basis for the large •lies. *
RAISINS.— 1904 crop f . o. b. Fresno — Im
perial clusters, $2 25@2 50; Deheea. $1 8091 35;
London Layers. $1@1 10; Loose Muscatel*. 4
crown, 565%c: 3-crown. 4%c; 2-crown, 3U@
3*4c: Seeded, 4%@6Uc; Thompson's Seedlesa,
4'.«fi'4%c; Seedless Sultanas '3}4c per lb.
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 softshell, 12©
13c; No. 2. 10@llc; No. 1 hardshell, 12c;
No. 2. 10c; Almonds, 16617c for Nonparlels,
14@14%c for I X L. 13%@14%c for Ne Plus
Ultra and lie for Languedoc; Peanuts. 6@7c for
Eastern; Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts. $4 50@5;
Chestnuts, 7®9c per lb for California and 11©
12%c for Italian.
HONEY— Comb, 11%®13c for white and 10®
lie for amber; water white extracted. 5%O
6c; light amber extracted, 5®5%c; dark, 39
4%c
BEESWAX— 27©29c per lb.
Provisions.
There was some talk yesterday of a possible
decline In Hams and Lard within the next few
days, but no definite action was reported. The
market continues quiet. . -.
CURED MEATS — Bacon." 10%c" per' lb for
heavy. 10%c- for Might 1 medium.. 13c- for light.
14c for extra -light -and 14%c for sugar-eured;
dry Bait Sides. 10c; Bellies, lie; Eastern sugar,
cured Hams. 12%G12*4c: California Hams.
12®12Uc; Mesa Beef. 10910 50 per bbl; extra
Mess. $10 50-311: Family, $12012 60; prime
Mess Pork $14 60; extra clear, $22; Mess,
$16 60; Pig Pork. $25; Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked
Beef. 14c per lb. • :;•; V
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for
California compound. 7c for Eastern compound
and 9@9%c for-purerhalf-barreis. pure, 9HO
9%c; 10-lb tin*. 10V4c; 5-lb tins. 10%c; 3-lb
Una. 10%c. -
COTTOLENB— One half barrel. 8%c; three
half barrels, 8%c; one tierce. S%c; two tlercea,
8%c; five tierces. 8%c per lb.
Hides. Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about %©lo under quotations. Heavy salted
Eteers, lie; medium. 10c; light. 9%c; Cow
Hides. 8%c for heavy and 9%c for light;
Stags. 7c; Salted Kip. 10%c; Salted Veal,
lie; Salted Calf. ll%c; dry Hides, 17%c; dry
Kip. 16c: dry Calf, 20c; Sheepskins, ehearlings,
25640c each: short Wool. 40@65c each; me
dium. 7B©90c; long Wool. $1@1 50; Horse
Hides, salt, $3 for ' large and $2 60 for
medium ?1 50@2 for small and 50c for Colts;
Horse Hides, dry. $1 75 for large and f 1 25©
1 50 for medium, fl for small. BOc for Colts.
Buck Skins— Dry Mexican. 30c; dry salted
Mexican, 25c; dry Central American, 30c; Goat
Skins— Prime Angoras. 75c: extra large do,
$1 25: large, 50c; medium. 35c; small. 20c
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered.- 4£4%c per lb:
No. 2 3%c; Grease. 2%®3c.
WOOL— Fall clip — San Jqaquin and South
ern 9©llc; Southern. 8@9c; Southern Moun
tain. 9®llc; Middle Counties, free. 12314c;
do defective. 10®12e: Northern free 12® 14c;
do, defective. 10® 12c; Humboldt and Mendo
clno,^16©18o per lb.
HOPS— 1904 crop. 27%©31o per Ikw
Meat Market.
There was no further change fn anything
yesterday.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale ratea from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — 6#7c for Steers and 4<?5%c per lb
for Cows.'
VEAL— Large. 6©7%c: small. 7©9c per lb.
MUTTON — Wethers. 7@7%c; Ewes. «%@7c
oer lb.
» LAMB— 8%«9%o per lb. /
PORK— Dreised Hogs. 6%88%"c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock delivered in San Francisco, less 409
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 7 % 07 %o; Cows. and Hetf
ers 5%4/CUc; thin Cows. 4®5c per lb. -
CALVES — 4©4%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethera. 3%©39tc; Ewes, 3@3«,o
per lb (gross i weight). - '
LAMBS— *2 50@2 75 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs/ 200 to 250 lbs. 4%©4Tic;
130 to 200 lbs. SgoUc: 80 to 130 lbs, 4%@4%c;
soft Hogs.' not wanted; Sows, 20 per cent off;
Boars, .50 per cent oS, and Stags, 40 per cent
off from above quotations.
General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain bags are ' still higher, at 5%o
spot and 6c for next year; Wool Bags,' 30@32c;
Fleece Twine,' 7%c.
COAL — Wellington ■ $8 . per ton; New Wel
lington. $8; Seattle. $6 50: Bryant. $8 50;
Beaver Hill. $5 SO; Roslyn, $7; Coos Bay, $5 50;
Richmond $S;' Cumberland, $13 in bulk and
$14 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Eg;,
$14; Welsh Anthracite Eg?. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannel. $9 per ton; Coke. $11 5C@13
per ton in bulk and $16 in sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions. $8 50 per short ton.
. OILS — Quotations : are for • barrels ; for cases
add 5c; Linseed. 51c per gallon for boiled and
49c for raw; Castor OU. in cases. No. 1. 70c;
Bakers" AA. cases, $1 10@l 12; Lucol. 50c for
boiled and 4Sc for raw; China Nut. cases.
65ej.S0c ■ per - gallon: Cocoanut Oil. - in . barrels,
58c . for Ceylon - and 55c for : Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil. CSc; natural winter
Sperm Oil 63c; extra -. bleached winter Whale
Oil, 67c; natural Whale Oil. 52c: extra winter
strained Lard OU, 75c ; No. 1 Lard OU. 05c;
pure Neatsfoot Oil. 73c; No.U Neatsfoot Oil.
63c; light Herring OIL 42c: dark Herring Oil.
40c ; Salmon Oil, 34c ; boiled Fish OU, 37c; raw
Fish Oil 35c: -boiled Paint Oil. 33c; raw Paint
Oil ■ 31c' '
COAL OIL— Water White " Coal Oil . in bulk.
13c; Peart Oil. in cases, . 19%c: Astral. 19%c;
Star. • 19%c: , Extra Star. . 22%c: * Elaine, 2oc;
Eocene 21 %c ; ' Deodorised ! Stove Gasoline. . In
bulk ' 16c; in cases, 22%c; ». Benzine. , in bulk.*
13c; in cases . 19%c; 86-degree i Gasoline, in
bulk, : 25c : in cases. Sic. '
TURPENTINE— 75c per gallon In cases and
68c in drums .and 1 Iron barrels. - - .
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. : 7U©
7% c per lb; White Lead. 7 Vi ©7 *i c, according
to quantity.-' • ■;■«; - ' . • ■
.. ; SUGAR — The : Western ■ Sugar Refining : Com
pany quotes as follows,- per lb, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes. 'A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 6.25c:
Powdered. 6.10c; Candy Granulated, 6.10c; Dry.
Granulated. ~ fine."- 6c; Dry Granulated. - coame.
6c- r - Fruit " Granulated. 6c: \ Beet •- Granulated
(100-lb bags only). 6.90c; Confectioners' A. 6c;
Magnolia A ~ 5. 60c ; Extra C. 5. 60c ; , Golden C.
5.40c; •■."D.". C.30c; barrels, .10c -* more; half
barrels, 25c more; boxes, 50c more: 50-lb tags,
10c ; more for all kinds. -Tablets — Half barrels,
6.50c; ■ boxes. 6.75c: H. A : E. Crystal Dom'nos.
9o per 1b." No orders taken for, less than sev
enty-five • barrels : or its • equivalent.
;<;V* - -h . ~. Receipts of : Produce. ■< ;
FOR SATURDAY.* DECEMBER ».-
Flonr.^qrfilw^iir.SSllPaper., rolls ■.... .'. 635
Wheat, ctls ... 2.252j Brandy, gala ... 6.300
Barley, ctls ... 20,S17iWlne, gals 107,850
Oats, ctls .:... l.C60|Feed. sks ..... 330
Corn (West).ctls 2.400' Shorts, sks .... 5S0
Tallow, ctls ... 2771 Beans. • sks 1.609
Sugar, ctls 8SOiPotatoes. sks .. 3.42S
Quicksilvr, flsks ' 115]Onlons ska - .... 3C0
Raisins, bxs ... 4.C50tBran, 'ska 1.966
Broomcorn. bdls 2,565! Middlings sks.. 1.27S
Pelts, bdls 3,0561 Screenings, sta. »C5
Hides. .No .722tHay. tons .fSL 470
Leather, rolls .. 410|Hops, bales "W 214
Llnj bbls 2731 Wool, bales .... 224
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks.. 24.436',Oats. ctls 8.7CT
Wheat, ctls .„ 20.4961
STOCK MARKET.
The Week Closes With a Break in
Alaska Packers. .
There was a very good business for Saturday
»n the Stock and Bond Exchange but outside
of a sharp break in Alaska Packers from $9O
to $87 50 there were no variations worthy of
comment. The sugar stocks ruled steady to
firm. The Honokaa Sugar Company has de
clared six monthly dividends of 10c each, com
mencing January 1. 1903, and payable on th*
Qrst of each month from January to June In
clusive.
The oil atocka were quiet, aa usual. There
was very fair trading in the mining stocks,
with most of the fluctuations in the direction
of higher prices. Jumbo advanced from 5Sc
to 65c.
Sales on the California Exchange last week
were 43,721 shares, valued at $20,861. the lead,
ing sales being as follows : Associated Oil.
10.94S shares; California Standard, 3200; Four,
1000; Home. 1900; Independence, 7500; Junc
tion. 10.725; Monte Crlsto, 1100; Occidental.
4069: Oil City. 2200; Claremont. 500.
Ex-dlvldend yesterday: Giant Powder, 60c;
Paaubau Sugar, 15o.
The ylejd of the- Ophlr mine last week
amounted to 41 miniog cars of ore, assaying
$73 61 per ton. aad 125 can, assaying $33 22
per ton.
Central Eureka ' Mining Company baa ' de
clared a regular monthly dividend of 7a
amounting to $28,000. payable December 8.
November Oil Sales.
Sales en the California Oil Exchange In
November were as follows: s
I {Price during
COMPAXT. ik^-al' m<mth -
| Sold. I Low. ! High,
Apollo 800 $ 40
As. Oil Co. Stk Tr Cer 56.175 24 25
Associated Oil Co Bonds 3,000 87 50 S3 00
California Standard 2,900 16 IS
Caribou i,ioo 5 60
Chicago Crude 300 22
Claremount 200 82
Forty Oil 3,200 40
£OW 1.100 53 83
Fulton ...... . 130
Giant 23 23
Hanford 2 185 00 185 00
Home 8.450 50 72
Imperial 12 50 18 50
Independence ... 13,474 30 34
Junction « 4,245 14 17
Kern River 150 12 CO
Linda Vista 300 20
Monarch 300 20 30
Monte Crtsto 9,400 70 80
Occidental S.0C9 < 03 - *05
Oil City Petroleum l.eco 57 65
Reed Crude 200 2 00
Sovereign 447 31 34
Sterling ..'. 400 2 60
Superior CO
Thirty-Three 150 « CO
Twenty-Eight 1.200 10 00 12 00
Utaion , 5 58 00
United PetroI'JTim •• 83 100 00
Wolverine ....... 40j ......
STOCK AND BOXD EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, Dec. 8—12 m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I _ Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup..l06t41C6%|4» qr cp new.l30 T «131U
4s qr reg... 105 V4 1039413s qr coup... 104% —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — (Oak T Co 6e.l2O —
Asso CHI 5a. 83% — | Do 5s 113*4 —
Bay CPC 5s.l01%102%j Do con 5a. 103% —
Cal C G 5s. — 103 [Oceanic S 5s. 71 —
Cal G & E g |Om Cable 6s.l22 125
m & ct 5s. 82% 83UlPac G Im 4a. — —
Cal-st C 6S.114 — iPERjf 6s.. 104% —
C C Wat 5s. — 93 |P & C H 6e.lO4 —
EdL & P 6s. — 128 |P & O R 6». — —
F & C H 6s.U4& — Powell-st 6s. — —
Geary-st 6s.. 60 — |Sao EG&R5s.lOOJ.i —
H C&S 5%s.lO5 — |SF & SJV5s.U9% —
Do 5s 100*4101 ISierra R 6s. — —
Hon R T 6S.106 — jS P of A 6s
L A Elec 5s.lO3 I (1909) 109 —
L A Ry 5s.. — — | (1910) 110& — -
L A L Co 6s — — IS P of C 6s
Do gtd 6s. — — ] (1905).<?r A. 101 —
Do gtd 5s.102%104%1 ri905)Sr B. — 103%
LAP lem 5s.lOO»4 — (190fl) ...."T104*; —
Mkt-st C 68.116 — (1912) 114% — -
Do lem 58.116% — SPC 1 eg 6s. — —
MV& MtT5s.lO5 110 Do stampd.lO8t41O8%
NRR oB/C6s.lO«%108%rs P W R 6s.l34% —
Do 5s 119V 4 119*4!S V Wat 6a.lO4»4 —
N P C R 5s.10.TU — Do 4s 2dm.lOO —
N C Ry 5«.. — — Do 4s 3dm. 90 —
N C P C 5s. — — Do g mtg4s 97% —
N S R R 5s. 03% 99% Stkn GAEOa. 93 ' —
OG L&H 6s. — 110 U G ft E 8«.102% —
O W gtd 5s. —.100 |UR of SF 4s. 87% —
"WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 33 JPort Costa. — —
Marin Co... — MT*|S V Wat Co. 89% —
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L * P. 3% — IS F G 4 E. 54% 65
Mutual E L. 10% — jstkn O & E. — 5%
Pao L Co... — 61 [U G & E Co. — —
INSURANCE. ,
Jlrem's Fnd.312 — |
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk.. — 132%lL P & A 183 —
Anglo-Cal .. — 90 |Mer Trust....— 230
Bank of Cal. — 424 (Merch Ex.... 50 —
Cal Safe Dp. 152 — 9 F National — —
First Natlonl — — |
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L.2330 — (Sav & L 60.. — ICO
Hum S & L. — — jSec Sav Bk.. — 424
Mutual Sav. — 100 | Union T Co. 2800 —
S F Sav U.610 675 |
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 200 IPresldlo — 41
Geary — 40 1
N POWDER.
Giant 62 — iVlgorit — 4U
SUGAR.
Hawaiian C. 74U 75 JMakaweU C 33
Honokaa S C 1SV19 iOuomea S C. 32«4 33%
Hutch SPC 15% — IFaaOhau S C. 20% 21 '
Kilauea- S C. — 7 J
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. 87% 88% Oceanic S Co. 8 —
Cal F C A. — 99% Pac Aux FA. 4% —
Cal Wine A. — 77H Pao C Borx.157 —
MV4 MtTm. »5 102 |Pac 8 Tel Co.108 10SH
SALES.
Uornlng Session.
Board — -
20 Alaska Packers' Association... 8.9 CO
15 Alaska Packers' Association... 87 75
40 Alaska Packers' Association... 87 60
20 Honokaa S Co 18 75
100 Hutchlnson S P Co 15 25
2S5,Hutchlnson S P'Co 15 37%
40 Oceanic S S Co S'5O'
80 8 F Gas & Electric....'." 64 87%
50 Spring Valley Water Co, a 10. . 39 25
$5,000 Los Angelee Ry 5 per cent.... 116 60
$14,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. 87 75
Street—
50 Presidio R R 40 00
825 Paauhau S P Co. cash 21 00
$5,000 Spring Val Wat 4s (3d mtge). 99 00
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 6s. — 100%tSF A NP 8a.U2% —
B L Wat 6s. — 111HISPC Ry 4a.. 98 108
Cal NW 5s.. 113 114 fcS P Co 4%a. 69*4100%
M C Wat 58.100 — (Snn Tel 6s... 114% —
Ris I WksSs — 105 I Do 6s 108" —
SF Drdk 5s. 112 — iSuttr-st R5s.lO4 —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co.. .23 — |Hono P Co.. 28% 31H!
Amer Bis Co — 90 I Do pool . . 28 31 •
Cal Cot Mils 80 — JMat Nar Co. 70 ~
Cal G&ECor. 50 — INev Nat Bk.200 —
C Jockey CL110 — IN Cal P Co. 9% 10
Cal Powder..l30 145 Oak Bk Sav.120 —
Cal Ship Co. — . 21 . Oak T Con. .75 —
Cal T I * T — 155 TOO*" Hall A «%\ —
Cen Bk, Oak 60 67% Orpheum Co. — 16U
Chutes Co .. 5 6 IPacC Cas Co.123 —
City & C Bk — 120 IPac Sur Co. 105 —
Cyp L-lmp.. 6 BHIParaf Paint.. 39 —
East Dynm.. — 875 |S F Drydock. — (S3
DptPwd pfd. — 05 fSF&SJ Coal. 17H 20
Do com ..40 — IS J Wat Co.103% —
FN Bk. Oak.120 — SO A MTgbt.125 —
Fischer Thtr — 1U)S O Pac Co... 65 —
Frnch-A Bk.106 — fSwiss-A Bk..l20 —
Gaa Con A/. — ' 20 JUR InC pfd. — es*i
Lon& SF Bk — 58 Do com ...17
California Stock and OU Exchange.
Oil Sftcks^- Bid. Asked.
Associated Oil Co. Tr. Ort. 23 25
California Standard 18 . 17
Coallnga & Pacific 35 \...
Home 50 54
Independence S3 "35
Junction 23 24
Kern (New) .... 30
Kern Rtver ................. .... 12 00 I
Monarch of Arizona 25
Monte Crlsto cr;.. ....... . . . . 73 75 '
Occidental of W Va 07 00
Oil City v Petroleum r 60 " • ■ «j
Reed Crude ."....;..'... 2 10 .....
Sovereign ............ .....r. 30 32
Superior 03
Thirty-three .... 7 CO
Union 70 00 ....-
Miscellaneous —
Associated Oil CO. bonds 84 00 87 00
Cypress Lawn Imp. Co. 630
Northern Cal Power- .... 10 12%
sales. ;- -
Morning Session.
4500 Independence ..; 33
1000 Junction .rTTV.. r: rvnv;;;Y7; ;;..... 21
1C00 Junction ..../.......... .".. 22
3000 Junction 23
■ 100 Reed Crude 2 10
6 Reed Crude.' cash 2 05
Mining Stocks.
SAN .FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales' on the' San* Fran
cisco Stock and ' Exchange • Board yesterday:
Morning Session!— Comstocka.
. 200 Alpha,.;..... 1*1650 Ophlr. ..2 80
AUCTION SALES
fe fc*
ATJCTZOar SAXE.
i 5O-HORSES-5O
f First conalxnment of pure-bred Percheroa
I Colts. Fillies and Work Stock, also French
Couch Cohs. from the KLAMATH COUNTY
} LIVESTOCK COMPANY, Oreson.
[This lot consists -lamely of Colts and Fil-
lies, from 2 to 5 years old. weighing from 1400
to' 1C00 oounds. Several thoroughly broken.
I pure- bred marcs of perfect disoositlon and
FplendUl conformation, as well as work horse*
; ranging up to ltiOO pounds, being in this- ship-
I ment. Also stac-year-old thoroughly reined
an.l galted Saddle Horse.' He is handsome,
gentle and sound.
This Is a solendid lot of good, heavy-boned.
; gentle-raised stock, not excelled by any on the
Coast, inspection of which is specially tnvited.
Sale takes place
TUESDAY ZVXOrXSTQ, December 8. 1904.
At 7:45 O'clock Sharo at Salesyard,
1732 MARKET ST.. NEAR VAN NESS AVS..
San Francisco.
FRED H. CHASE A CO..
Livestock " Auctioneers.
Horse* at yard Sunday. Dec 4. SEND FOR
CATALOGUE. No outside horses will be o<-
f«red.
£a fe £a
AT AUCTION.
CONDEMNED FIRE DEPARTMENT HORSES
By order of Mayor E. E. Schmits. '.
I will sell a lot of condemned Fire Department
; hones on Monday. December 5. at 11 o'clock.
1 at Grove street stables, 122 Grove street.
S. WATKIN3. Auctioneer.
£=» ' '£» fc>N
There will be a BIO CLOSING OUT SALB
of 3 CARLOADS of GOOD TOUNG HORSES;
also a lot of WAGONS. BUGGIES and HAR-
NESS. TUESDAY. Dec. 6. 11 a. m. at 11M>
Folsom st. WILLIAM CLOUGH. Auctioneer.
. 2* £&
TWO CflRLOrtDS
Ol HEAVY HORSES at 220 VALENCIA ST.
WESTERN HORSE MARKET. f.
E. STEWART A CO.
ife '£»
'• NO AUC5ION— PRIVATE SALB— Just finxa
' the ranch. IS large. YOUNG HORSES, four
matched teams from 1100 to 1500 pounds; can
be seen at 2109 MISSION ST.. near 17th.
600 Belcher 251 SCO Oj-hir 2 75
100 Belcher 24; 900 Mexican mM I *3
100 Beat A. Bclch.1 13' 400 Savage- < S3
200 Caledonia, _.. 4«i 500 Savage SI
1C0 Bullion 23(1100 Sierra Nrr.... . 64
600 Con Cal & V.I 83 ( 100 Stiver Hill.... 6O
COO Con Cal A V.2 00; 200 Union Con.... 6O
2000 Con Imperial. 02 1100 Union Con.... 63
400 Gould & Cur. 23! 200 Utah C8
SCO Justice 12| 1000 Yellow Jacket. - 19
500 Justice 11|
CLOSING QU0TATI0N3.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha 11 12fJu!U 0* 08
Alta, if. 07|Justice 11 12
Andes 25 26>Kentuck 02 03
Belcher 24 i.* Lady Wash ..02 C3
Best & Belcb.l 15 1 20 Mexican 1 3O 1 8S
Bullion 22 23Occidental ... 78 90
Caledonia .... 45 47 Ophlr 2 75 2 80
Challenge ... 15 17 Overman 11 12
ChoTlar 17 19'Potosl IS 20
Confidence ... 85 83'Scorplon 05 »»7
Con Cal & V.I 95 2 uOSavaga ..: 31 32
Con Imperial. 01 i-I Si>« Belcher... 06 07
Con N Y 03 C4,"Slerra> Ner.... 65 SH
Crown Point.. IS l'J, Silver Hill.... 60 «1
Eureka Con.. — 50] St. Louis .... — 07
Exchequer ... 45 47|Syndlcate .... 08 09
E. Sierra Nev 03 OSlUnlon Con.... 65 *7
Gould & Cur. 25 26>Utah 08 09
Hale & Norc.l 10 1 l3lYel!ow Jacket. IS 20
TONOPAH AND GOLDFIELD STOCKS.
Morning Session.
8000 Goldfleld Mhk 181 SO0 Ray A O'Brien OS
2C00 MacNamara . 24:1000 Red Top 14
600 MacNamara . 231300 Silver Pick ... .18
200 Mont Ton..l 67V.! liiO Ton Belmont.. T4<
SCO Bullfrog Mln. 19 3f«O Ton N Star... 24
300 Bullfrog Mln. 1*! 500 Ton N Star... 23
400 Paymaster .. di ICO Ton of Nev. 9 62%
2000 Paymaster . . 051
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
';' Tor.opah.
* Bld.A--X.l Bid. Ask.
Ton of Nev. 9 50 10 00|West End .... 14 —
Mont Ton .>1 65 1 70!Ton Gold Mt. 15 17
Ton Exten ..2 CO — IRescue 06 07
MacNamara . 23 23! Ray A O'Brien — M
Ton Midway.. .'{4 "WlPaymaster ... 03 C5
Ton Belmont.. 7TJ 7tJi E»p»ranxa 01 ' (tit
Ton N Star... 23 2«'Gold Anchor.. — 21
Ton Ohio .... — 27! N Y Ton Con. 11 13
Goldfleld.
Sandstorm ... 30 35' Jumbo Ex ... 20 —
Red Top .... 15 l&*Vernal Mln ..10 —
Goldfield Mhk 1« —'Kendall — 25
Columbia .... 21 — ■ Black Butte ..21 —
Dlamondfleld. 25 — Blu# Bull ... 15 —
Jumbo 64 6«fSllver Pick ... IS
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sale* on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
1000 Austin G M.. 27 130CO Jumbo «3
1700 Bullfrotr Mln. 5.V51t»> MacNamara .. 23
100 Cent Cureka. 1 5SI 50 Mont Too ...1 TO
1000 Cent Eureka. 1 60{2Ce0 N Y Ton Coo. 12
2600 Efperania. ... 0II10CO Red Top ..... 15
600 Free Gold ... 15|2OCO Rescue ....... OS
100 OoldneM Mln. fOJ 1 CO Ton Behnoat.. 74
120O Goldfleld Mln. 61)1100 Ton Midway.. 85
500 Sandstorm ... 30! ICO Ton of Nev.. 9 7&
150O Jumbo €2 600 Ton N Star. . . 24
6CO Juiabo .V 6311750 Ton N Star... 05
2100 Jumbo 64| 700 Wild Goose... 3 00
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid. Ask.] Bid .Ask.
Adams ...... 00 lO^Lucky Tom ..02 08
Austin G M. 25 — lMaeNamara, ..21 22
Black Ants .. — lOlMizpah Ex .. — 15
Black Butte.. 17 — iMont Ton. ..1 67% I 70
Blue Bull M. — 1SIN Y Ton Con. — 13
Booth M Co. 12 — I Paymaster ... 04 OS
Bullfrog Mln. 55 — IQutncy 01 —
Columbia .... 21 — I Ray Exten .. — OS
DiamondSeld. 25 — |Ray A O'Brien 04 —
Dixie Mln ... 19 21|Red Top 15 1«
Esp*ranza ... — OljRescue OS *7
Free Gold ... 15 — IRothwell O M. 10 QO
Gold Anchor. — 22] Sandstorm ... SO 35
Goldfleld B Bt — 12iSonta W M Co «O > —
Goldfleld BAB — lOiTon Belmont.. - 73 —
Goldfleld Dm4 — 20JTon A Cai.... 15 20-
Gldfld Gt Bnd — I«iTon Cash B07. — 13
Goldfleld Mln. 60 Cl'Ton Extra.. 1 M t W*
Goldfleld Mhk — 201 Ton A Gt W. — 02
Gldfld Red L — <"!> Ton Gold Mt. IS —
Goldfleld S Pk — lSlTon Midway.. 84 -*-
Goldfleld Ton. Cfl lllTon of Nev. 9 62% • T5
Gold Mt Con. — 02ITon N Star...-— 25
Haj:el Kirk .. — 12 United Ton .. — OT
Jim Butler'.. B0 — (Utopia. lft —
Jumbo 63 C5:V>rnaJ Mln... M —
Little Ton .. 83 —.West End ... — 29
Exports by the Eosmos liner.
The German steamer Memphis of the Koema*
line, which sailed on Friday for Hamburg- and
way ports, carried an assorted raerchandls*
cargo laden at this port and valued at $S1. 60S,
to be distributed mm follows: Tor Mexico, $21. »
695; Central America, $19,138; Ecuador. $6280;
Pent. $10,340; Chile. 813.439: Germany. $10, -
430: England. $325. The principal ahipments
were aj follows:
To Mexico— 19S this flonr. 495 etla com. 1428
lbs spices. 1S76 gals 24 cs wine. 7S gala SS cs
whisky. 1SS6 lbs ham and bacon. 244 pkgs pota
toes. 43 crta onions, 13 pkga table preparations.
104 pkgs fresh fruits. 29 pkga groceries aa4
provisions. 750 lbs meals. 1559 lbs raUlns. T5
cs assorted canned goods. 4520 lbs dried frmtt.
80 casks, beer, 20 cs mineral ws4er. 6 osj
liquor*. 543 lbs cheese* 60 pkgs past*. 21.es
canned salmon. 17,040 ft lumber, 475 ca drjta
mite. 90 cs blasting powder. 29 cs fuse. IT pkgs
machinery. 1130 lbs tallow. 501 cs coat oil. 1177
lbs grease. 41 pkgs painta and oils. 23 bdls 84
pes Iron. 6 pea steel. S3 bbls cement. IBS pkgs
tank materials. 15 sks coal, 1942 lbs rosin. 9 es
arms and ammunition. 21 pkgs railroad cars.
113 pkga wire. 30 bdls 83 pes mill-work, 4849
lbs tin. 42 pkgs nails. 14 bales bag*. 8 cs
drugs, 2 colls rope. 4 cs dry goods.
To Central America — 808 bbl» flour. 6311 eUs
corn, «2OO lbs rice. -1089 lbs tea, 312 gals wine,
20.000 lbs sa'.t. 4000 lbs malt. 43 gals whisky.
45 pkgs Groceries and provisions, 14 cs canned
goods. 4 pkgs paste. - 6 pkgs potatoes and
onions. 400 lbs spices, 15.780 ft lumber, 10 kega
nails. 90 es coal oil, 5 cs gasoline. 43 pkgs
painta and c41>. ISO ca dynamite. 200 es blast
ing powder, ft ca caps and fuse. 1 pkg ma
chinery. -
To Ecuador— 1160 bbls flonr, 79 es canned
salmon. 4S4 lbs dried fruit. 8 cs assorted
canned goods. 402 gals wine. 260 kegs blasting
powder, 34 bdls brooms.
To Peru — 3 bbla flour. 4040 lbs dried fruit,
137 cs assorted canned goods. 46 cs canned sal-'
won. 12 pkgs groceries sad provisions. 8 pkgs
baking powder. 17.792 fbs dried shrimpa. S etls
corn. 80 ctle oats, 40 cs salad oil. 32 gals wine.
8 cs honey. 14 pkgs table preparations. S7S lbs
meals. 1009 Ira lard. 1047 lbs ham and bacon.
12.63S ft lumber. 680 bdla snooks. 12 bbls lu
bricating oU 11.631 lbs tallow. 57 pkgs pirate.
1 pkg machinery. 8800 lbs ax!e-greaae. S4 colls
rope. 17 es fuse. 1 reel wlrt rope. 3 cs drji
goods. . . ' ■ '
To Chile — 330O cs canned salmon. 20 ca as
sorted canned goods, 8200 lbs lard. 5 bxa dried
fruit, 10 bxs codfish. 11.374 lbs asphaltum. €072
ft lumber 30 cs distillate. 7 bales overalls. .
To Germany — 713, 96« lbs dried prunes. 211 ea
honey. 76+ gals brandy. ICO gala 2 cs wine.
T» London — 75 m win*. ■
AD^ r ERTISE3IE^"TS.
THE ABT OP WISE LNVHSTCTO. .
A book every investor in * the ' land should
read. Points out the essential - characteristics
of safe securities with a review of financial
pitfalls.' etc \.ritten in an entertaining, pop.
ular style. Juat Issued.
Trice per eotrv In cloth. SI; or mall. $1.«X
MOODY rvrKLXSMJXG ' OO.
55 Nassau Street. -:- TTew Tort Cl«r.
5152
HALETS.
"^^jjjSJr fi& I Santa ciaus I At $5.25: 200 Beautiful Hats ||
SililSS^Si ■^^M^^^^^^^^^^ =^^"'^ WillBeatflale'sTo-Morrow That Were $12.00, $15.00 and $18.00 fl|
( ->^^yJ7^X u^v&w^za <,"< - j^^ j 1/^s Something he can use— A House Coat From 10 to 12 a. m. and from 2 till More decided stock straighten- llflfr
_ It's Best to Choose r i 'lCTff?^^f?MlL_/ -^ tire oi - Expensive? No. See And it is the little tots he is coming.to see. So the biggest millinery business we Illffl'
4 13U1IC13 t j^ /s — Nobby coats and others up to $12.00. In tan, maroon, srray. He wants mothers to feel that they will be absolutely them all $5.25 and pass them on ]^^^' fflnil
Hi II H l^P fT* h lP"fQ ISJriW brown andblack. All sizes. .14 to 44. All have plaid linings, silk cord safe in bringing the little children, no matter how o y OU TjSIk^ 'u ~^. flljwni
* *«"UI\^1 VlUVlO 1>(U>V trimmings, pockets trimmed with plaid. More to choose from now than small. There will be plenty of time and no crowding. J ' "*^~^^^£/fifc\iy~' ** ItlHli
For there are thousands where there there will be later.* He will be up on the fourth floor from 10 to is a. m. It's a price that doesn't give a hint 1/ vm$$
will be hundreds later, and lots of the 4 * rancy suspenders^ — Are good gifts, and and from z till 4 p.m. ■ as to what the materials cost to ' m/Sfj
the best values will be taken quicklv (Every store°is thinking: Christmasw^tn a°f°er- _^q. " pons^evc^rrr^W) 1 W>th ,? lumes ' P aradi « aigrettes, ostrich oom- w^j?
one gives handkerchiefs for Christmas.) - So / : ■ >^ST' hav^cSuse^uvIriS^tl^'^"^
Hnw Ilniicnil thp ~>^r ViIiipq them. m Black, white blue pink and A )fr±\[ \W9 jtf^'&^^Wiftfflbb*. Out or e fi rst time at the new
IiOW UnUSUai int VaiUCS red. One pair in a box and we will - \Vi fLly <&/L*' \/ iLr^k L ' i^t*i rf iST^ I iiiiwibi «-.« +U j n , ->*<Z£S£Z*&r
Are? Any variety of new patterns. Some lace stamp them free. S1.25 to $1.75 pair. vwasl; UUl W^i &* **^^^BS^i price on tne Second floor to-mor-
Ont of the neatest noveltle« of aU Is a Basket of Eand- Vv^^^jflft v^l J/ • tf^LwE^^^^'"T..,.^^^^i^S^ > l^BBlBi^^ s3 <te<t If VOU live nut nf tn«nn dfi
kereMelB. 98c— Ifs perhaps the greatest success of '^ ?^&fi /^^ES^C _—- '^X^^Jm'tm^^^^^^^^^m^ I^^^^U^^n\7<MSSWS ! W I £ Ijyuuuve OUl OJ WJJ71 ao
Si.i'aSS'-JS.JcSKSf'.S^'iSSSJ.SJ'SSS; rl{^M^Mg§===== === - :^^ your Christmas shopping by
Some with black boots and colored tops, some black x^^^^^^^^^5^^^-^^^- r H ■ r ■ A •* B "4 A ♦ . & V 7 • /Vlll<»ic At 1 Re
with embroidered ankles; others in pun metal i **^ ' 1 fr^l 1 /"Y \L 7 & f B-H "#^J «" W*\ fl "9 £* fl 0\ aCT <^"^ T #• 4ja ' 1U31t "^ * "^
shades ar,d fancy stripes. Some styles are Riche- t^^^^^C!^^ 1^"^ M I fl A fl B »/ " nnnnHlBB B H fl I I 1 I T oolc at the niece* Tri<»v trfl
»*» ck rn*ed it others a a™ plain, sues 8 to lo. 50o ggggjes*^ A I»V l.VJV* Mil HI U^IUmIU 1 \J 1 . theTtory of theimissalneL ' of
a December outpouring of : ? mmEMm^imJi Girls and Boys and Givers • . "" p^»" ■
•w "w j m j «|| T"*V 4~* JM 177 il!lLJ5jg~4g^<rlr' ' ' of Merry Millers."
W 1 Fl tCr 1 IKS and DfCSS (JOOQS -^^S^S^^^^M^E Lets itself loose at Hale ' s this week with all the energy of six-stcre power back cf it. . : :
rr, ., ,. , , r . . , i 4 i ti^Mfesiwlrudij^G*^ Oh,, what a merry time Santa. Claus has planned to give every one these last three weeks! Pflir*; Nnttinvhnm
concerns the disposal .of several fectones surplus stocks 777T3& J gLj's* f / It>s W for *«««'« 6 irls t0 com = ™* see the dolls and find out whether they want one big JacvCuttahSnt™?
through this s.x-store California outlet ° ne or two °. r tbree smaU ?"«• And P ick out the do " bu «gy the y wi " want to take " ridin S ia and Ttt^ew, w ma" . fit rb> in
****" • ' ~f^ **^ L ' L JVlU'lLy i^CXJCTO X^tf3O \^ffiihi It>s a if >or the "bo?* to come^ and choose that engine they have been^wanting for so longr. or the train that goes -.oo o^irs^hh^or'ecra^Nottinff-
< 7"^A^»** H/Trv L*r% we*' /^^»o# Vf£ J ** r »CMiSjLS • Just like a real one. or the boxing gloves, or the football, or the printing press. Not a minute should be lost in 2^ P !.!f^^« • «»rJu f i
1 riCLfi JVlCLKQrS l*OST «ft4L& : -i-^f *'''*<■>' J^o'tJ writing Santa Claus and telling him. for he doesn't want to disappoint any one. ham curtains. 3 yards Ionsr and
~ -£^£—~ k ~^* : ~^--*Z t '*~z jcX^ *■— * Christmas -is -only., three; weeks away. the right width for bedroom car-
If you haven't your new winter dress yet you will be glad you waited. — ItVtlme for mothera land fatne« and rift buyers to begin Chopping in earnest now; to think of buying tains. Pretty, patterns, dainty
Tou will see the bigness of Hale merchandising clearer than you have ;■- ., . . ■■ where they can buy: best and make their money go farthest. For there will be more to choose from to-morrow weaves. Soecial OODOrtunitv to-
evor seen it before For to-morrow you will buy the goods that are most e-»./i-» #»!.»..<, i*~ * •• than there win be next day. and buying will be easier, for crowds will Increase rapidly now. mnrrnw of n-r- «■»>• \.1~Ta i fl«
popular in New York, and in many cases you will pay nearly half what oSlltd LldUS LOfltCSt Santy has emphasized Hale's to-morrow in any number of special opportunities up on the third and fourth morrow at 7.,c pair, second Uoor.
New York women are paying for the very same weaves. ni .. . e ■ . «..-.. floors. Take this At S1.25 — 300 Pair* Whits or Ecrn
If you live out of town order any of these values by mail. blOSCS IMeXt OdtUrday INlgllt , . . ■ : Z«ca Curtate! — 3% yards long. 50
Dress Goods at 85c | Fancy Silks at 60c Yd. This g the i-^vcek. children. A^ri f 1 M CT H^Q \c flt O>? C * fl Sl*». c £& 9 S^iK t cfue dr S d reS Ke e r S nsTn de the 1 0 r dalnty MW
First at Esc come some splendid | Regular $r.oo qualities, 19 in. wide; » £& finding "money* for W IlLlll^ L^C^IV ClL VOC ■ i™.nteely trimmed with lace H« At illJ^JO Vrtg Curtato. ta the
Fancy Suitings, regular $i.so Qualities, beautiful silks, brocade designs, small yet Just draw a picture of Santa l t stands 2O% in . hi R h. It's one of those flat top desks, with top ' Surl^hair. 0 head * 8leepln * eyes and ZSZn*g m £gSgL8% *&£>*&£
54 in. wide, plaids and stripes, in | and neat for evening costumes and S*S u to Santo Cia^a at HaTe™ Si that raises, and has a blackboard on the inside and a place for books. acid-Bodied Doll at $1.95— That is cork and the usual widths,
grays, blues, browns and greens. J waists. Come in navy, brown, reseda, sure and stick to the conditions that The top measures I fjx^ 1^ inches. See how strong it is and how sturdy; f^h»« tin 3 »u>, h^«™ h«^ Arabian Curtaia*. $2.25— Pretty pat-
Such sturdy suitings as women are cardinal, porcelain, tan, nile light blue were printed in last Sunday's papers, has.turned legs that will fold up so that the desk will occupy little space head! slewing eyes, hafr tha? is part- Jain* RecSlr?2 So'andiS 75 qS
buying most of at full prices for their and champagne. 19 in. wide, at ooc " er , tt,-'- -^ r* when not in use. It's a useful gift that will please the little eirl or bov. ed on the side, with a bow of ribbon. ities. :.:■■-..
winter suitings. 85c instead of $1.50. yard. It's less than maker's cost. Another Winning: Picture. It's a value that will make a big stir to-morrow at 95c instead of $1.50. S M C n De S r«° CklnKS and PatCnt leather Bope Portiere.. $1.75— For folding or
At 85c-Pancy Tweed Suiting, in small Dissolved partnership bnngs it Along T hls time from Frank Blaisdell Magic Lantern at $1.00 : Shoo Fly Horses at $I.OO: " Pull Jointed Boll at $1.15-Ball and jS^^SSrtor 0 ' « Se%
S^s: deS fi n ib b Q r u°^. UeS ,nc^ At^c-Messaline SUk^-Regular ,1.00; g^ril'.^.t^sS't^&J'S £& 1 ,"^ V-^rSUSS,^* ff/fi? ,1^S. "iJS^IfSTmfeSS Stt^ anf le"ST fine Othe " a? ***> «« ***-
.*;!$%ufcn* we"ta?« n «i e 'ia l $lB" wea^^comes^n'wmU^cream^^m- -" WeIL — fStS lood^amp^o : t B h™ wTSSd^S ?ra>V wl^reXchalr^nd^crvL^ btac h'ead.wfth sYeTpln^eyes^ *™^■-^gjj-g J^Jg
i?-l rS la?d to m-rrow Pal^'e te™ bel^e toown rese^L XT n • -rx &1 pictures that will measure 4 feet ln< nished; long, strong rockers, painted A Drum at ISo-rrThat, measures 6 inches s^ strong thrfad^we^ve Com
J L "ZZZZZtSZ*. « ■*. ES^Hi 1 A % " New Burning Outfits -..»«- '£ M -* l g^!g i '{^ 5 §|M|iMlft at am \ S^lf-VuS. &£. >Vf S?iig .'t.'ShS^
•»'• .Me. 50 inches wide. At 76o SSf.Sl P 2™ "ui: rtS£S Alv*S™?« And as welcome to us as they will 4-Wheeled .Wagon, 5OC: S. rlp «*«."S'. d <">'»"*<'• •» » dovetailed lar 25c drum at Wo. tab le c overs A v.^eaT^weav-e
ran, a) inches wloe. all black. inches at 78c, reeular S1.00 Jual- be. lo you who have been wait- .: . Ifs a:i5-lnch waeon. with a sRIn- _b«f At Wo Instead o[ 25c. Crokinole, 98c : red or %?I™. $3.7S eShl b """
At <oc Tfi— rancr Bulttogrs, 8 dlfTcr- ltr: 21 Inches wide at »1^5 Instead of j f ; h d . wh d . '•"''"^ n ° r " «i at r'Jf» °\ a Platform. DoU'CommOde,' 39c : . • ■ : An octason-shaped board that meas- B ras. cnruli Bods. 7Ho— New lot of
ffi^Syi'Kffi.."!."^ At'iS-T««-M-I.«l»l«l. «.«..«!». OMhem for the firs*! time, for jessed and hitched to the wa- .BjlendM-.*, , v»l«^^^nche-hlA: iggj*™. «« »" * «*«*" b ~ rf &B?S
gjW co,ors of brown. „«. and *V8ffi «S VXSJSS^^tt !**££ 95^ ' SFlSSE? R^W.baU, $!.«,: . -JS^S£ %>"* « »^
inches wide. Priestly's, the best suit- 75c Black Surah Silks — The rich French splendid gifts for others • Rra«s<? Wir#» "R#»r1 acc- Wash.Set at 5OC!. , t.«ii f*~ r»^»+ *^/.. / * '
ing for rain coats or suits, plain and surah for reefers 20 inches wide; 22 At S^oltttltat S B. 13.75 i?,^ 7?' t?" \ Stands 13 Inches high. • It's as big aa D °}} Go-Cart, 45c: UStlCll time.
fancy weaves, at 51-50 yard. inches wide at $1.00. «:„-;// : *-.; —Tested platinum point, large Bed for the with .canopy top, some at 05c. It has a - wash bench. Of reed, in scroll designs, nicely var- £.-. ■-....' ... w- v" . .
bulb, long tube, put up in a pretty handsomely draped with fancy mate- tub,, wash ■ board, wringer clothes nished. green enameled gear and ror tney re tne very Cnnstmas
, , . box already stamped to work. rIa »- Has mattress, fancy spread and horse and clothes basket. 50c.- - wheels. Better values at 95c and up- presents some are wishing for. So
nri«/> \T««-»r \T^^1m->r^.^A. At $3.45 — An outfit in which you can shams, trimmed with lace. Measures 10 . . . - wards. - lieht it's a wonder where the-
The New Neckwear . --«^ W^^§i§m mMmm0t WMm^Mim
In All Its Christmas Beauty iJZErE^ff^rS W^^^ J^ttigW"''"*- othL. HeW, ,
$0M#^0^MM. th°e ia top notch 1 of iiiiiiiiii lii^SHI'll -s:^.^^.^^ i6 - so D a ?75oo omforter
fashion's favor now Tn chiffon nipatpH and turkpH pffprt<; trim Fleece Racked I fnnting FreSS, 9OC . .: y v ; fancy slip. '75c. dolls . at 50c. - ping. Steeple Chase, Three Bears. r clt *>^- wv '
lasmon S ia\Or now. in chllton, pleated and tucked etteCtS, tnm T neece DaCKea It's a regular $1.25 press. Outfit, with At 75o— A' 17-inch doll; regular- Jl.OO United States Mall. College Boat Race. It's covered with sateen, prettily
med with Valenciennes or Mechlin lace, edging's and insertions. iYiarseilleS at 35C Yard . v font - o *- metal short type, ink, roller, value. It's a handsome jointed doll. Mansion of Happiness and others. patterned. It's so strong that th«
Some finished with beads and faggoting, and others in chiffon 2 cases we bought of the regular 'B!^;"SWft n P^ G ?ELU 4 J£- Louisa. Denartme^nt Sr^2 B 'VS?«SS B J& Sw d SS?
with Oriental or Vcnisc Jabot, with medallions. W^Mtr^^^^M^ ffSf 1^ ln r tru . cttonl - " ' : gS^^tii^SSd «SS^g2 r "im t SaS 0 SiSS^ &SZ
Bu A^r h B^n^e^s!!k\o^^^^^^^^ : S^^^.?.-^- Books at 3S C i "MiflL taM «.'- MmM d'
in-hands: others pleated or tucked and «. «o to «7 00 " ' coat or the little one and save Here's a gift for the little girl. It's a Kid-Bodied Doll at- 9So— 21 Inches tall. Arabian Nights. Gulliver's Travels, with Sateen, at 9 2z2 > Zr :or ~'
finished with fancy braids or beads. Al- »*"™ w 9i.w. ,.,-> ] one-half perfect model of the big stove with with handsome bisc head, sleeping Alice in Wonderland. Robinson Crusoe. • r * d * rlth J?" 11 *}: S10.00 to *33JX>.
most ev*>ry color, in all the new shades. Why not tony her a glove order and let iICdI1 J f u " c "« 1 "- cooking utensils— kettles, frying pan eyes, curly . wig, lace stockings and St. Nick Stories. Chimney Corner Sto- Cotton-PUled Comf ortem from 92J0O
75o to SI.CO. her pick her gift from among these? • and other things. 25c. slippers. • ries. Bigger line than ever before. to S4.00.
■-^ o q Why not a hemstitched bed set • f - n - - - •■■■;■.•'/--■■-'■ ■ - - l ■ --
'Z^SS^ffl tf*ns. Iff AfVb'Stzg* ' Give a useful gift -a Hale^Iove for a gift? Sheet and two pillow ' _ I Frre pyrography and embroidcpy classes arc busier than ever. <^^ ' -^ "^ A
f£^/£&*^ J&& ovdcp ' A 2C stamp will take it any- cases, hemstitched and embroid- /£5f~W/ \&g^M^$^*4Ss*k We have found more room for them, so they can be busier ret. Make your jffljffl(J&&U^4!P& ' 4SG3
Mf J^^^___JS^<^ ztliere with your tetter. Redeemable ered put up in a Christmas box. jW \ Christmas gifts under the eyes of experienced instructors right here in the store
-~*£*j29 e -*? f:<>OQ>^^ at any of Hale's California stores. $2 00 to $4 00 " -^>^^^Ga&»^^- \and take your own time making them. . *=* -^^Gosi*. s.,^~m.
WILL DELIVER
MANY SERMONS
Able Pastors to Preach
K To-Day on Subjects That
Will Interest All Classes
A novena or nine days . devotion in
honor of the Immaculate Conception of
the Blessed Virgin Is now in progress
in St. Francis Church and will close
next Thursday evening. Rev. Joseph
Sasia, S. J., will preach this evening
«m "The Treasures of Christ as Em
bodied m His Church," and again on
Thursday evening on "The Dogmatic
Definition of the Immaculate Concep
tion." Rev. W. E. McGough will preach
Monday evening, taking fory his sub r
Ject, "Penance in Relation' to the Jubi
lee Indulgence." " On Tuesday evening
HALE'S.
Rev. Robert F. Sessen , wlir preach of
"Mary, the Model of Christians.'.' '-.
During the Sundays "of : Advent ' a
course of sermons on "The Prototypes
of the Blessed Virgin.Mary ill the Old
Testament" are being preached by the
.Rev. Father Standly. C. S. P., at the 11
o'clock mass in St. Mary's (Paullst)
Church. The Bubject of his sermon this
morning Is, "Esther." ... •'
"The Ministry of Affliction" and "An
Unconditional Surrender" are the texts
of the sermons Rev. W." P." Stanley of
Hamilton Square Methodist Episcopal'
Church will preach to-day. -
Rev. F. M. Larkln; pastor of
Grace Methodist Episcopal Church, will
preach this morning on "The New
Christianity." In the evening he i will
talk on -'What Does the Bible Do?"
This morning at the Simpson Memor
ial Methodist Church" Rev. J. -H. N.
Williams will preach on "Songs at the
End of the Way." »
At the California Street Methodist
Episcopal Church the pastor, Rev. C. A.
Hough, will ; use for his'subject,* "Wit
uessing." In the evening he' will preach
on "A Solution of. the Temperance
Problem."
Rev. A. C. Bane, pastor of the Ho w-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU. SUNDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1904.
HALE'S.
ard Street Methodist Episcopal Church,
will discourse this morning on "Chris
tianity, Liberty and Expediency/' ' His
evening subject will be, "The Grekt In
vitation."
"The Preacher and His Great Mes
sage" and "The Fatal Collapse, or,
Reaping. What We Sow" are to-day's
subject3 of Rev. F. A. Keast, pastor of
the Epworth : Methodist Episcopal
Church.
Rev. William' Rader, pastor of the
Third Congregational , Church,].;- will
preach this /evening on "Thomas Ca!r
lyle.", : .;. "" ; •■ '■ ■ ' • . r- <
Rev. E. R. Willis will deliver a lec
ture before a meeting of young men
this afternoon at the, Y. M.C.'A. audi
torium. Arrangements have been made
for a sacred luncheon. The new- tav
ern will be ' uieci 1 for the . first \ time ; this
afternoon for the* Fellowship luncheon.
The .• fiftieth '; sacred concert .will be
given this- evening? at the Emmanuel
Evangelical Church.- Following- is the
programme:"
/Organ voluntary, "Bethlehem";
hymn, "Onward, : Christian | Soldiers''; 1
invocation ; \, barytone soloVVVShepherds
Awake," Rev. ■ J. George Gibson;
scripture reading; 'soprano solo, "Res-
HALJE'S.
ignatlon." Miss Carrie M. Eulass;
prayer and Lord's Prayer, chanted hy
congregation; cornet solo, an old Eng
lish hymn ; congregational hymn, "My
Faith Looks Up to Thee" ; tenor solo,
"Vesper Prayer," J.i Hughes Davies;
scripture reading; "Gloria PatriV;
violin solo; notices; contralto solo,
"Faith." Miss Hazel. Belle: Pitcher; '■ of
fertory, "O'er the ; Hills of : Bethle
hem" ; barytone solo, . "The Beautiful
Hills" (by request), Rev. J. George
.Gibson ; v short , sermon ; by \ the ! pastor ;
hymn, '"My Country. 'Tls of Thee";
benediction; recessional, v . orchestra,
march.
A New, Art Gallery.
We have : converted our i picture room
into ; a -. beautiful ; gallery ; for, . the exhibi
tion and salefof , moderate priced- paint
lngs.> water colors, pastels, etchings and
nnet photographs. 'Inspection cordially
invited. - Sanborn," Vail & Co., 741 Market
street. .-■■ ;■• :•".-"; • -■ ■/;■:',■:..•■ , -.--•.
r BTOPS^A- RUNAWAT.-^-Pollccman F.f .W.
Dashman stopped a' runaway near .Valencia and
Sixteenth atreett yeaterdayi Just as (he animal
was about to run down! two small children ';>
; CHARGED X WITH ' LARCENY. — Frederick
Thomas , was > last i night • and ' charred
with * grand , larceny. •: He '< Is accused of plcktni
th« pocket of Robert Marshall, a soldier.
HALE'S.
ITALIANS ROB
A COUNTRYMAN
Entice Him vto Unfrequented
Spot Near Kennedy Mine
and Take HisI Money Eelt
JACKSON, Dec. 3.— Vencenzo Mar
bitto; an ■; Italian,. - was held ■ up and
robbed near the Kennedy ; mine last
night by three countrymen, who came
here from; Sacramento.- Marbitto- came
from British Columbia and had, about
$200 with: him". He came to Jackson
Wednesday: with one of the' robbers,
whose fare he paid, besides giving him
$19. Thursday the other. t\vo men ar
rived; from 'Sacramento., ":
X. About dark ' Friday Marbitto was en
ticed to an unfrequented ' spot ' between
Kennedy ;arid Oneida .nilnes : and
HAUETS.
there the men attacked him, securing
$1SO, .which " he carried in a belt
around his waist. They then -bound
him hand and foot to a tree and fled;
Marbitto : was released by miners re
turning from work. A posse started
in of the robbers, but failed
to. find them.
Alumni Will Hold Meeting.
"The semi-annual meeting of the
Alumni Association of the University
of California will, be held at the col
lege ' building (Affiliated Colleges)
at - .8 to-morrow , evening.
The 'following subjects will be
discussed: "The Toxic Effects of Wood
Alcohol." «*i"»cusslon« opened by Pro
fessor W.M. Searby; "Pharmacy as a
Pre-medical Study." discussion opened
ly Dr, Harry Splro, ' The following pa
pers :\Vi!l be^reid: v" Vacation Work; of
1S04." by Professor Albert Schneider,
nrd "Conditions of •PhVrmncy ln-West
ern and Oriental Countries." Refresh
ments will te served after the"meet
ing nnd the. nhimni ,will , be greeted by
the 'undergraduates.-- , .- - • ■; _
- An Atchhon man who has nothing
whatever to • do 'Is busy. all. the -time.
HALE'S.
PRISONER SUFFOCATES
'.HIMSELF IX PRISON"
Innocentl Zanlnl Staffs a Piece of
. Black Cloth i Into His Throat
and Ends Life.
Innocent! Zanlni. a prisoner In the
Broadway Jail, killed himself early
yesterday morning by stuffing a wad
of black cloth down hla throat and
suffpeating. He was awaiting his
trial in the Superior Court on a
charge of grand larceny and told his
cellmate.3, P. Hawkins and L. Degra-
jcla, that he would commit suicide be
fore he would go to the penitentiary.
Shortly after 2 o'clock yesterday
morning his cellmates found him
writhing on the floor in convulsions.
They immediately gave the alarm and
a doctor ■.Was summoned, but';Zanlni
\ was dead before he arrived. When
fthe suicide's jaw fell the end of the
[black cloth was seen in hia mouth.
I The suicide occurred in cell No. 13.
' Zanlnl was arrested on the 4th of
j last July for passing a forged check
{'for $20 and was sent to the County
I Jail. He was a dairy hand» a native
1 of Switzerland and 45 years old.